VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 51.
ARE NOT PREPARED TO
TAMELY SURRENDER,
Populists of Principle Who
Refuse to Give Up
the Fight.
SILVERITES SCHEME TO GET
BRYAN INDORSED.
Butthe Patriotic Middle-of-the-Road Men Say
They Prefer a Bolt to Party
Dishonor.
As the Silver Sack Has Been Tampering With
the South, There Is a Promise of a
Most Exciting Storm in the
Convention.
"THE CALL'S" HEADQUARTERS, )
HOTEL LINDELL.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.)
The silver men and certain leaders of the Populists are trying to
accomplish by indirection what they would not dare advocate openly —
namely, the indorsement of Bryan. While swearing fealty to the
party they recommend a surrender of its principles by fusing on
Presidential electors.
Ignatius Donnelly, scholar and author, stands by the colors and
demands an md .pendent course. He will be one of the central figures
of the convention, and around him will gather with enthusiasm the
cohorts of those true People's party members known as middle-of
the-road men.
The California Populists arrived to-day and announced their 39
votes were solidly against the indorsement of Bryan or any
other man.
The silver sack has been tampering with the South, and there will
be a storm when the convention opens.
JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.— California j
came in with a whoop this morning. Her j
thirty-nine delegates, after having stowed i
away their effects in the Holland Hotel
and breakfasted, marched down to the
Hotel Lindell and taking up a position in
the center of the crowded lobby, dtarted
the Populist's warcry of the golden State.
"Rah, rah, rah, Cal-i-for-ni-a. We are
thirty-nine and will never vote for Bryan."
The leader was N. W. Wilkins, editor of a
Populist paper in California, a man of fine
physique, massive frame and stentorian
lungs.
"Three cheers for California," he roared,
and the cheers were given with a wilL
This astounded the delegates to the silver
convention, and it was several seconds be
fore they recovered their presence of mind
to propose three cheers for Bryan.
The thirty-nine Calif ornians are middle
of-the-road men, only one of them being
suspected of a tendency to waver. In order
to keep him in the straight path he was
tied by the ankles by the unit rule. The
members of the delegation who arrived
and registered at the Holland Hotel were:
J. R. Burnett, J. P. Welch, H. Huphert,
Edward McGuire, J. L. Steele, J. S. Dorse,
W. W. Browne, J. S. Way bright, E. M.
Wardall, E. M. Hamilton, C. F. Bennett,
J. A. Simons, Leon Leigh ton, J. C. Butt
ner, W. R. Woodard, J. R. Garner, J. C.
Gore, Joseph Asbury Johnson, E. H. Ful
ton, W. A. Aant, W. G. Miller and K. S.
Oughton. Tne remainder are quartered in
private residences and lodging-houses.
The Caliiornians are middle-of-the-road
men pledged to straight Populism and will
cast their thirty-nine ballots for a straight
ticket.
The campaign was begun in earnest to
day, the lobby of the Lindell being
crowded with delegates and with silver
men and Democrats who are trying to con
vince the Populists of the errors of their
ways. The peculiar feature of the Na
tional Convention is the absence of brass
bands, or music of any character save that
of the chin, which is very plentiful and
cheap just now. A band would interrupt
the political discussion which is going on
and would indeed be a disturbing ele
ment. When people want to argue on
political economy they don't care about
being diverted with a strain of "She May
Have Seen Better Days" or "Since Willie
Joined the Guards."
The crowd in the lobby consisted of a
collection of various croups, ranging from
ten to fifty persons in each group. In the
center of each was a man foaming at the
mouth and striking savagely at the air.
.tvery once in a while he was interrupted
by some man wearing a white badge with
tue words "Middle of the Road" on it.
Then the man who foamed at the mouth
barked like a m&d dog and struck fiercely
at the face of his interrupter.
Above tne din such expressions as these
were heard:
"You are an ignorant ass."
"You are the most ignorant man I eyer
saw in my life."
"You were born without brains."
"You ought to go to school again and
learn some sense."
Then from another group were heard
such expressions as these:
'The market value of money is impaired
by the demonetization of silver," and the
retort, "True money should have no mar
ket value, it being merely a representative
of value."
T c more they talked about money the
more apparent it was that they did not
know anything at all about the subject,
ana that a good many of the debaters had
bad but a very iiraited acquaintance or
practical experience with money, whether
gold, silver or notes. The silver spielers
industriously argue that if the Populists
The San Francisco Call.
I would abandon their party and go in with
I the Democrats and rote for Bryan so that
j silver might be free every man, woman
and child in the tommunity would get
from the Government a barrel full of brand
new silver dollars, that poverty and all
economic evils would disappear, and that
therefore the Populistic party would have
no reason for further existence.
In all these contentions the middle-of
the-road men, who are easily distinguished
by the white ribbon which they wear,
stood firmly to their principles. They let
the spielers talk, but will not admit a
solitary proposition. They say that there
are other things more important, so far as
the welfare of the people is concerned,
than the financial question. There is the
governmental' ownership and control of
railroads, which important issue seemed
to be altoeether forgotten in the present
controversy.
Toward evening the silver men began to
grow more jubilant, and it became whis
pered about among the councils of the
miners that Taubeneck, Weaver and other
leaders of the Populists would be able to
fix things all right for the silver people.
While it was felt that to insist upon the
indorsement of Bryan might provoke a
storm it was deemed prudent to attain the
same results by that roundabout method
known as whipping the Democratic devil
around the Populist stump, and the silver
cohorts therefore set about to achieve by
subtlety and indirection what they did not
dare openly advocate.
"All these little differences will be set
tled up." said a delegate from Tennessee
to me this afternoon. "The bad feeling
between the Southern Democrats and the
Southern Populists will be patched up by
concessions which will be of advantage to
both. This mob down here on the floor
don't know anything about it, but then
things have all been fixed up by the lead
ers and will be presented on the floor of
the convention, backed by a strong follow
ing. The details are now being arranged.
It is proposed, in order to prevent any
treachery, that the Populists should put
up two of their people for President and
Vice-President and nominate their quota
of Presidential electors in each State.
Then, if after election tha Democrats
should fail to keep their promise, the
Populist electors can cast their votes for
the Populist candidates for President and
Vice-President."
"What are the Populists going to get
out of this?" I asked.
"Well," said the Tennesseean, hesitat
ingly, "I have not learned all the details
yet, but they are beine arranged and will
no doubt be satisfactory to both parties."
It will be remembered that early in the
fight several Populist leaders who came
on the ground a week ago spent consid
erable time chasing Democratic leaders all
over the country, for no other purpose I
can imagine than to tempt the Democracy
to make an improper proposal to the Popu
lists. With the arrival of Senator Jones
of Arkansas and Governor Stone of Mis
souri, the political partners of Governor
Altgeld and boosters for William J. Bryan
and the decaying Democracy, the pursuit
ended and the details of this gigantic con
spiracy were at once entered upon. The
object of the conspiracy was the destruc
tion of the People's party by throwing the
weight off its influence for the Democratic
nominees.
At first this was designed to be accom
plished by the indorsement of Bryan and
Sewali, but the temper of the delegates
was found to be sucn that it would not be
discreet to make the proposition. Then it
was decided to accomplish tne same end
indirectly, and the assistance of Populist
leaders who could be induced by promise
of political preferment and things to betray
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 21, 1896.
their party was enlisted, and this is the
way they are going about it. Senator
Peffer in pursuance of this conspiracy,
whether he be a member of it or not, says
in a public card:
"There are two things upon which Popu
list delegates are all agreed. First, to
maintain our party organization and ma
chinery; second, to combine the anti-gold
vote of the country on one candidate for
the Presidency through a judicious selec
tion of Presidential electors. Everything
else will be made to bear on these two
points."
"A judicious selection of Presidential
electors" is the milk in the cocoanut of
the conspiracy. Why all this beating
about the bush? Why does not the Sen
ator say as every other true Populist:
"Let us put up a straight Populist on a
Populist platform and fight for our prin
ciples, and let the Democrats and Repub
licans swallow each other if they want to."
Chairman Taubenecfc of tne National
Executive Committee has worded his card
very cuuiungly, but rather iuconsisiautiy.
Hla first sentence establishes confidence:
"1 am most unalterably opposed to do
ing anything to our National Convention
which will disintegrate and destroy the
People's party. lam perfectly willing to
do all that is fair and honorable to unite
all the elements opposed to the gold
standard upon one set of electors, and I
think this can be done without surrender
ing our party organization or any of our
principles."
"Cyclone" Davis of Texas comes to the
front in a still loneer card, in the conclud
ing sentence of which he lets the cat out
of the bag, as follows:
"But if the Democrats are placable
enough to lower their patrician
pride and counsel with us plebeians wejean
then form a union on electors that will
give more votes on the electoral college
than the indorsement of Bryan and still
leave each party on its own platform."
Ignatius Donnelly, the talented author
of "Atlantis," "Caesar's Column" and
"The Great Cryptograph," stands pat like
a true Populist, and says:
"We believe the People's party is im
portant to all the people of the world on
other questions than that of silver. If we
move all our forces into the Democratic
boat and the Eastern wing of that party
gets possession of that boat and scuttles
it and we all go to the bottom together it
would require diving-bells and derricks
and grappling-irons to ever put the People's
party back where it now stands. We are
ready to pat our Democratic friends on
the back and call them good boys and tell
them that in four years more they will be
as enthusiastic over the demand for Gov
ernment ownership of railroads as they
are for free silver, and when they resolve
(in the language of the Omaha platform)
that wealth belongs to him who creates it,
and that every dollar taken from labor
without an equivalent is robbery, and that
if any man does not work neither shall he
eat, then we will talk about dissolving the
People's party and joining their crowd."
A report was current tnis morning that
Mr. Donnelly had declared for Bryan, but
when his true sentiments, as expressed in
the foregoing sentences were read later
in the day in the middle-of-the-road head
quarter?, he was cheered again and again.
The editor of the Missouri World, pub
lished at Chillicothe. in tnis State, said:
"There are many reasons against in
dorsing Bryan and Sewall. One is that
the Democratic platform promises no re
lief except from silver, and the otner is
that the Democratic party does not keep
its promises."
Pasted on the walls of the middle-of-the
road headquarters is a manuscript letter
from John G. Maughermar of South Bend
Ind. :
'Tnis will inform you that I am and
have been a middle-of-the-road reformer
for twenty years. I was a delegate to Cin
cinnati May 19 and 20, 1891, also to the
Omaha National Convention; waß chair
man of the meeting of the Chicago Blue
and the Gray, and I now appeal to you in
all honesty and ask of you in the name of
God and suffering humanity not to allow
the Democratic serpent to swallow me up,
as I am an old veteran and lost a leg that
my country might not be divided, and *o
am unable to attend the convention. But
I hope that you will see to it that if our
party should succeed in committing sui
cide its remains should not be disgraced
by allowing a Democratic monument to be
erected over its grave.' 1
In reviewing the whole situation this
fact is apparent: that whether the BryaD
Democrats succeed in capturing the con
vention there will be a straight Populist
ticket put in the field, with straight Popu
list candidates and a straight Populist
platform. Johh Paul Cosgbavb.
THE BOSS OF THE ROAD.
[After a design by Thomas Worth.]
ULTIMATUM OF
THE SILVER MEN
Their Ticket Must Be Bryan
and Sewall or
Nothing.
IT IS NOT ACCEPTED.
Straight Populists Prepared to
Bolt the Convtntiou if They
Cannot Rule.
TO NAME THEIR CANDIDATES.
California White-Metal Men Arrive
and Shout for the Nebraska
Orator.
THE CALL'B HKADQUARTERS, "I
HOTEL LIMiKI.L, I
ST. LOUiS, Mo.. July 20. j
The sliver men to-night issued their
ultimatum to the middle-of-the-road
Populist*. It is Bryan and Sewall or
nothing.
The Populists were willing: to place
Bryan at the head of their ticket, hut
reserved the right to name the Vice-
President, allowing the electors to vote
as they saw fit in the Electoral College.
This proposition wan made through the
National Committees to Senators Jones,
Allen, Stewart and Tom Patterson,
who have the Bryan interests in their
keeping.
Patterson told the committee plainly
that Bryan would accent no compro
mise. That settled it. The ;middle-of
the-road people will now bolt the con
vention in case Bryan and Sewall are
nominated or indorsed and place a
straight party ticket in the field.
The California silver delegation ar
rived this evening. All are shouting
for Bryan. Excitement is running high
to-night.
HAVE CANDIATES READY.
Mlddle-of-the-Road Populists Are
Prepared to Bolt and Nominate
Vandervoort and Burkett.
The Call'b Headquarters, )
Hotel Lindell, v
St. Louis, Mo., July 20. )
Wind and whiskers weie the features of
the convention preliminaries about the
hotel corridors to-day. The scene at the
Lindell waß a particularly noisy and be
whiskered one. Here the delegates con
gregated in large groups. The Bryan
forces predominated. They were headed
by Senator Allen, the noted Populist of
Nebraska. He holds the world's record as
a long-distance speaker. He sustained his
reputation to-day. He talked many of
the "miadle-01-the-road" boys into the
ditch. He was ably seconded by a large
and influential Bryan delegation from his
State. All wore Bryan badges, Bryan
buttons and talked Bryan with restless en
ergy. The silver men pounded the anti-
Bryan forces all about the hotel and out
into the streets.
Still the latter were firm and defiant.
They declared they would bolt the conven
tion if Bryan were indorsed. They will
then put a straight ticket in the field.
Paul Vandervoort of Nebraska is men
tioned as t'aeir choice for the Presidency,
thoueh a little boomlet was started for
Ignutiuß Donnelly of Minnesota shortly
after the breakfast hour this morning.
Both names will probably be presented to
the convention, and ohould that body fail
to make a nomination apart from Bryan
the "keep-off-the-grass" Populists will
leave the ball and take to the middle of the
road.
Colonel Frank Burkett of Mississippi is
mentioned for second place ou the ticket
with Vandervoort. This combination is
said to have the united support of the
ultra wing of the Populist party. When
it was sprung this morning it rattier stag
gered the silver leaders for the time, but
they soon recovered and commenced ham
mering the Vandervoort boom with great
vigor. Vandervoort is the only Populist
from Nebraska who does not favor Bryan.
He is highly regarded by the middie-01-the
road faction because of his extreme views
on all things Populistic. Before joining
the People's party Mr. Vandervoort was a
Republican. He left his party, however,
in 1692 and has since been a cofirmed Pop
ulist. He is now president of the Reform
Press Association and commander of the
Industrial Legion and editor of the New
Nation, a party organ published at Omaha.
Mr. Vandervoort has had a varied and
exciting political career. He served as a
Republican in the Nebraska Legislature
and was several times the party candidate
for United States Senator.
"I am certainly opposed to the indorse
ment of Bryan," said Mr. Vandevoort to
me to-day. "I am not now conceding
anything and after the election will be
time enough to talk division oC electors.
If we should make any compromise we
could never deliver one-half of our votes.
Our people will not stand being traded
about any more, as they have been in the
past. The Populists have had enough of
that kind of business. The course of the
National Committee has got us in this
muddle and now since we are wnere we
are tne oniy way out of it all is to keep in
the middle of the road."
Frank Burkect, who is expected
■to be put up for Vice- President, is from
lOkalona, Miss., and was candidate fur
Governor in that State last year. Ue is a
member of the National Committee and
vice-president of the National Reform
Press Association and editor of the Oka
lona Messenger.
"I am unalterably opposed to the in
dorsement of Bryan," he said. "I myself
served four years in the Confederate army
and was in- the Democratic party for
twenty-five y«ars. I once thought Abra
ham Lincoln was the man who upset the
country and brought on tne rebel
lion, but of course I was mistaken.
I was one of the bolting delegates
in the Democratic Chicago Conven
tion in 1892. After I came home from
that convention my house was burned and
I still carry a scare left by some one shoot
ing me in the dark. Even if we should in
dorse Bryan it would do no cood so far as
the South is concerned. The Democrats
have always treated the Southern Popu
lists like dogs and to now indorse the
Democratic nominees would mean social
ostracism and ruin of business for us
Southern Populists. I am in favor of
putting up a straight ticket, and in case
we get the proper recognition, to throw
our electoral vote to the Democrats."
The silver men do not seem to be worry
ing over the change in the situation.
They will harmonize the anti-Bryan forces
in the People's party if they can. If they
fail in this they will then drive them from
the council chamber. They say tbat the
vast majority of Populists will vote for
Bryan anyway and if they cannot run the
machine in their own way they will at
tempt to destroy it. Many of the silver
leaders want Bryan nominated by the
People's party in cas« they cannot secure
h!t indorsement.
Thomas M. Patterson of Colorado thinks
this way. He will even allow the Popu
lists to make a platform; one that is not
too radical and one on which Mr. Bryan
can stand. But if the middle-of-the-road
people have their wav they will make the
platform so extreme that it will make
Bryan's hair stand to read it. Patterson,
however, has been working hard all day
to bave hi* ideas carried into effect. He
has had frequent conferences with Senator
Jones, chairman of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, and Senator Stewart,
the shrewd and venerable silver boss.
The Colorado editor says that Bryan will
accept the nomination of the Populist
party. This is embodied in an address
which he has issued to the leaders of the
obstreperous anti- Bryan faction. The ad
dress opens with the statement that the
Bryan people agree with Chairman Taube
neck that the all-absorbing question with
the Populists is and should be how they
can assist in the speedy restoration of
silver to its former place and at the same
time maintain and advance their party
organization.
The Bryan Democrats, in the address,
state that they believe that the People's
party is necessary to the country, and that
suould it become disbanded or inconse
quential for want of members, the money
power would soon resume complete sway
over both the old parties and :he masses
be deprived of a protector from the greed
of corporations, trusts and syndicates.
The friends of Mr. Bryan, however, em
phatically disagree with Mr. Taubeneck
as to the means by which these ends are
to be secured. To nominate an indepen
dent ticket, one in opposition as much to
Bryan and Sewall as it would be to Mc-
Kinley and Hobait, would not only make
it impossible to restore free coinage of sil
ver during the lifetime of the youngest in
tne coming convention, but it would practi
cally annihilate the People's party so far
as followers are necessary to mak ■ a party.
The friends of Mr. Bryan admit that it is
true tnat should the Democratic party be
successful the Populists might not be in a
position to "demand" appointments to
office from Bryan. Yet the Bryan people
want the Populists to understand that
they need not doubt Mr. Bryan's sense of
justice and recognition of obligations for
patriotic duty well done by members of
the People's party.
In the address it is said that the claim
of Mr. Taubeneck that the Populist party
should be an ally and not an annex of the
Democratic party is an iridescent dream.
Considering the numerical strength and
powerful organization of the Democratic
party, coupled with the plain assurance
which its leaders have that the Populists
and free coinage Republicans will flock to
Bryan and Sewall by hundreds of thou
sands, whatever the Populist National
Convention may do, it may be considered
out of the question that the Democratic
party, having already nominated its can
didates and adopted its platform, will
make the co-partnership arrangement
which is the basis of Mr. Taubeneck's
pKns. Besides, it is added, the Democratic
National Committee has not the vestise of
the power necessary to enter into such
Joseph P. Kelly, Democratic >ominee for Congress in the Fifth Congressional
District.
agreement, even if they desired to do so.
Senator Allen of Nebraska, who is a tall,
well-built man with a clean-shaven, band
some face, said to me to-day :
"I am as thorough a Populist as any
body, but the nomination of a third ticket
will only result in the election of McKin
ley. Whether Bryan is indorsed by the con
vention or not he will receive the Populist
vote of the entire West, and if the party
is sincere in its desires to secure the re
forms it declares for, Mr. Bryan will be its
nominee. I appreciate how the Southern
delegates feel about the matter, but this is
a time when party prejudices should be
subordinated for the good of our common
cause."
Jerry Simpson, the sockless statesman,
arrived from Kansas to-day. He is for
Bryan.
"I am confident that we will nominate
Mr. Bryan." said Mr. Simpson. "Anyway
that is what the convention should do.
The rank and file of the party is for Bryan,
and he should be made our standard
bearer in this campaign."
Continued on Third Page*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
J. P. KELLY
NOMINATED,
Fifth District Democrats
"Vindicate" the Junta
Aspirant.
WINS ON THE SECOND
BALLOT.
Made a Congressional Candidate
by the Vote of Santa
Clara County.
HIS SELECTION MAY MEAN A
Barry and Clunie Sacrificed by Dele
gates Pledged to Their
Support.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. July 20. -The
Daggett-Rainey-Lanigan "push" captured
the Democratic Congressional Convention
of the Fifth District to-day and easily
nominated Joseph P. Kelly for Congress.
James H. Barry and Thomas J. Clunie
and their friends were astonished at the
resulting revelation of bow far away from
having a chance for the nomination they
really were all the time. Tiie thing was
done with the clever and automatic pre
cision of high-class practical politics, and
there was not a "raw" feature in the victo
rious play.
There were 96 votes in the convention
and it required 49 to nominate. During
! the two ballots San Francisco gave 31 votes
I to Kelly, 23 to Barry, 10 to Clunie and 2
scattering. San Mateo surprised every
body but the Kellyites by voting her six
votes solidly for Kelly on both ballots.
Santa Clara County did the business. It
held the key and kept it for Kelly. Its
twenty-three votes went solidly to Clnnie
on the firßt ballot. Up to the second bal
j lot nobody but the "dead inside" people
kr>ew what Santa Clara people would do.
It voted for Clunie on the first ballot, not
as a joke, but to cache its voies in a safe
and harmless place until the first ballot
made sure the situation. Santa Clara,
j though first alphabetically, was put last in
the roll that its twenty-three votes might
command the situation. On the second
ballet the Santa Clara vote was so nicely
played that it was the very last one, that
of Sam Rucker, which gave the nomina
tion to Kelly.
Lawyer Kelly is the jolly, liked-by-the
boys fellow who two years ago secured
the nomination, to be repudiated by the
Democratic State Central Committee
during the campaign after the story of his
connection with the street-sweeping con
tract "sack" became public. Kelly for
months has been getting up early in the
morning to secure a "vindication," and
to-day he was vindicated by Sam Rainey
and the Mint brigade.
Kelly having been nominated with
the help of the boss of the administration
forces and the supporters of gold in the
convention, he is expected to become
almost fanatical in his support of limitless
silver. He is the handiwork, as a candi
date, of the San Francisco Junta, which is
out against bossism and for pure, high
class politics.
An analysis of the vote shows that
James H. Barry's strength came from tha
reputable element in the convention. Tha
open and hearty encouragement he has
received from all sources was of the same
high character. The "'push" and the ma
chine had no use for Barry. The "push"
and the machine quietly nominated Kelly.
Barry, inaependent, honest and out
spoken, was to be beaten at all hazards.
The convention showed what party in
fluences controlled the Democracy of the
Fifth District.
The forenoon trains brought nearly a
hundred people from San Francisco. Many
came who were not delegates. Ed Lani
gan, the shrewd field-marshal of the
Daggett-Rainey-Lanigan forces, arrived,
with no tangles in the strings. Jud£«2
James Denman, Chairman of the Con
vention-
Maguire, Sheriff Whelan and E. P. E.
Troy were among Barry's friends who had
no seats in the convention. A. J. Clunie
looked on at his brother's defeat.
The convention which had been ad
journed from Sacramento on June 10 was
called to order at 2 p. m. in tbe pretty Al
hambra Theater by Chairman James Den
man and Secretary P. J. Harney took his
desk. The only business before the con
vention was the nomination of a Con
gressman, and Chairman Denman made
that announcement without any trim
mings. The presentation of forty-seven
proxies and the fixing up of the roll took
some time and during the process a little
bit of proxy comedy occurred. Thomas
J. Walsh, second vice-president of the
Iroquois Club and a Barry man, presented
the pioxy of William Hanie.v of
the Thirty-seventh District and so
did T. C. Wilson, who likes
Ed Lanigan. Investigation showed that
I>. M. Delmas, Whose Eloquent Nomina
tion of Clunie Was a .Feature of the
Convention.
Walsh's proxy was dated the 18th inst
and Wilson's the 20th. It was said that,
the signatures differed and a committee of
three was appointed to decide. Two or
three of the "push" declard that they
Eaw Hanley sign the proxy to Wilson at 3
o'clock in the morning and Wilson won.
After this little suggestive picture of the
digging up of another Kelly vote in San
Francisco the roll was found to be as fol
lows:
Snn FrHncisro—T'.iirty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict—J. T. bowline, James Hanley (J. T. Dow
ling proxy), John Hammond (.1. T. Bowling
proxy}, R. L. Flood (Thomas Quinn proxy).
Chanes 'Wiubeck: (Walter Levy proxy',, Daniel
Creed (!I. C. Davis proxy), R. L. Mann, a C.
fccheeline i. "Walter H. Levy proxy), J. D. Phelan
(J. F. Sullivan proxy). \Y. J. Biggr.
Thirty-fifth District— F. J. O'Reilly, John
Massey (W. J. Locke proxy), Js. Scheeline, John
H. Grady, M. Curr.in. Thomas Breunan.
Thirty-sixth District— T. J. Lyons, Max Pop
per (prox\), B. H. Weeners, Hugh Jones, J.J.
Kioidan, 11. Mulcreary (proxy), Max Popper,
James H. Cahill, W. H. Levy (proxy), S. A.
Born, Michael Meagtier, lsidore Jacobs, Patrick
Reddy (proxy), Jiarclav Henley, C. H. Maddox
(proxy), Marion Bisrgs Jr.
Thirty-seventh District— Thomas J. Burke,
W. D. Grady (proxy). W. J. Williams, R. G.
Nunan, Edward Deady, P. J. Harney (proxy),
James Byron, William Hanley, T. C. Wilson
(proxy), Joseph M. Nougues, Paul F. Kingston,
W. 11. Williams (proxy). D. F. Ragan, P. J. Har
ney (proxy), T. J. Walsh, F. P. Hughes, Joseph
Leggett (proxy).
Thirty-eighth District— Thomas F. Clark
(William Craig proxy), T. F. O'Brien (S. K.
Kohlman proxy), John P. Culley, Hugo Asher,
<\ A. Reynolds, £. A. Welllg, U. A. Watltins (P.
J. Harney proxy), C. Wesley Reed (William
Clack proxy), Q. Howard Thompson (E. A. Wel
lig proxy), M. Greenblatt, W. M. Hinton.
Fortieth District— M. C.^Hassett, C. J. Sulli-
Walter K. Levy Nominated Joseph P.
Kelly.
van (W. H. Levy proxy), F. P. Kiordan, Bydney
Van \V3-ek, P. J. White, J. L. Franklin, M. Jas
per McDonald (L. M. Mauzer proxy), W. J.
(ileason, Osgood Putnam (J. W. Reay proxy),
11. Branrienstein.
Forty-first district— John F. Fitzpatrlck (Jo
seph A. Fltzpatrick proxy), I. W. Davis (H. C.
Davis proxy), C. E. Mooser, Walter H. Levy
John CVShea proxy), Sol N Jacobs (H. C. Davis
proxy), John N. Much, John Brickwedel (J. A.
Fitzpatrick proxy), James Deninah, Eugene N.
Deuprey.
Santa Clara County— John A. Hicks, Jackson
Hatch (Gob Leon proxy), H. H. Main, M. Casey,
K. T. Moore, L. C. Trailor (J. A Hicks proxy),
GusLeon, J. W. Sullivan, F. A. Baumgartner
(F. "Vveitzenberg proxy), James H. Campbell (J.
A. Hicks proxy), B. Distel (J. A. Hicks proxy),
W. I. Games (J. A. Hicks proxy), V. A. Bchellar
(J. A. Hicks proxy). John Snyder (J. A. Hiclu
■ proxy\ William Osterman (J. A. Hicks proxy),
John Roll (J- A. Hicks proxy), W. T. Nolting,
■ T. A. Carroll. W. A. Patton (A. R. Denlcke
j proxy). Antone Friant (A. K.Denicke proxy),
i i'eter Bail, S. N. Rucker.
San Mateo County— Martin Kelly, William
F. Swift, John B. Kelly, Thomas G. Schultze,
| James McCormick, George W. Fox.
Nominations being declared in order,
the speeches, which were unusually elo
quent for a Congressional convention, be
gan.
D. M. Delmas was in the convention on
a proxy for the purpose of nominating
Thomas J. Clunie, and he mounted tne
stage and made a masterly presentation of
the claims of General Clunie on the De
mocracy of the district. He epitomized
Clunie's career from his election to the As
sembly in 1875 from the Republican
county of San Francisco to his election to
Congress from the Fifth District, being the
only Democrat who ever carried the district.
When he was defeated, said Mr. Delmas,
he got 4000 more votes than did the rival
Democratic candidates who ran two years
ago. Clunie's Congressional career was
reviewed with reference to the anti-Chinese
bill; the public buildings for San Jose,
Sacramento and Stockton, which he se-
Eugene N. Denprcy as He Presented
James 11. Barry.
cured; the appropriations for Alviso and
Redwood City creeks, which he secured,
and other large State appropriations which
he got through his committee and which
were finally passed. The sneaker knew
Clunie to have been true to every public
and private trust placed in bim. He es
pecially appealed to the Santa Clara dele
gation to remember the benefits Clunie
had won for its community and declared
him to be a foe to corporate greed and
aggregated wealth.
Ex-Judge Walter H. Levy placed Joseph
P. Kelly in nomination in a vigorous
speech, in which he recalled the vigorous
fight in a hopeless campaign which Kelly
made two years ago, and said that Kelly
was a Native Son, a brilliant man and one
deserving well of the party.
Euerene N. Deuprey nominated James
H. Barry in an eloquent speech, in the
course of which he quoted the motto at
the head of Barry's Star: "'Gainst tbe
Dcnicke of Santa Clara County, Who
Was One of tbe Orators.
wrongs that need resistance; for the cause
that needs assistance; for the good that
we can do." He said tbat that was a key
to the character of his candidate, and paid
a elowing tribute to the worth and char
acter of the man and his strength as a
candidate in this campaign.
P. J. Harney seconded Clunie's nomina
tion in ringing style, and then George W.
Fox of Redwood City seconded the nomi
nation of Kelly.
Frank J. Sullivan spoke strongly for
Barry as the only Democrat who could
carry the district. He referred to his
stand on secret religious societies, his out
spoken style and his lack of -hypocrisy.
Patrick Reddy also praised the open, hon
est character of James H. Barry, and so
did A. R. Denicke of Santo Clara.
Denicke's motion to close nominations
carried, and then tbe three candidates
came forward and briefly pledged them
selves to tbe platform and the party. The
first ballot followed, with Thomas J.
Walsh and Thomas C. Wilson of San
Francisco as tellers.
This ballot resulted in Santa Clara giv
ing Clunie its twenty- three votes, San Ma
teo giving Kelly its six votes and San
Francisco dividing its vote as follow*:
Kelly 31. Barry 23, Clunie 10, J. J.
Dwyer 1, L. F. Byington 1. Total— Kelly,
37; Clunie, 33; Barry, 23; scattering. 4.
Byington and Dwyer, the former a
young San Francisco attorney, had not
been placed in nomination, but J. W. Rea
feave his two votes to the former ar.d E. A.
Wellick voted for himself and G.
Howard Thompson for the latter. They
thought there was a chance for lightning
in case of a deadlock.
The second ballot quickly followed. The
San Francisco and San Mateo vote re
mained unchanged. Then Santa Clara's
chairman asked that the roll be called and
the interest became intense as pencils
were put to work.
On the first vote for Kelly there was a
cheer from the Rainey crowd. Three
more and another cheer.
"Kelly, 48," was called just before tbe
last name on the roll — that of Bam Rucker
ot San Jose — was announced. Kelly's
friends held their breath. If Rucker
voted for K6liy the victory was Kelly's.
"Kelly!" answered Rucker and in tbe
instant the Kellyites arose and stood in
chairs to whoop and hurrah.
Banta Clara had given Kelly 12, a major
ity of its delegation. Barry 6 and Clunie 5.
The total vote was : Kelly 49, Barry 29,
Clunie 15, scattering 4. j ,
The Santa Olara vote on the second bal
lot was as follows:
For Kelly— Main, Casey, Moore, Trailor, Bul
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
Thomas J. Clunie Comes to the Platform
livan, Baumgartner, Distil, SchelUr, Nolti ng
Osterman, Roll, Rucker— l2.
For Barry— Hicks, Campbell, Games, Snyder,
Patton, Frank— ii.
For Clunie— Hatch, Lion, Carroll, Ran kin,
BaU-5.
In the San Francisco delegation the en
tire strength controlled by Daegett, Rainey
and Lanigan went solidly to Kelly. Clunie's
supporters were P. J. Harney, James Den
man, A. A. Watkins, Joseph M. Nougu es,
Michael Meagher, Barclay Henley, Ma non
Biggs Jr.. Edward Deady", Dr. D. F. Ra gan
and Paul F. Kingston.
Barry was supported by the following
votes: R. L. Mann, W. J. Biggy, J. D.
Phelan, the six votes of the Thirty-fifth
District, T. J. Lyons, Hugh Jonet, Max
Popper, Isidore Jacobs S. A. Born, T. J.
Walsh. F. P. Hughes. C. A. Reynolds,
Hugo Asher, M. C. Hassett, M. J. Mc-
Donald, PJugene N. De uprey.
All of the Forty-first District, controlled
by Lanigan, went to Kelly with the exeep -
tion of Deuprey and Denman, the two
delegates at large from that district, and
the district delegates generally were
thrown to Kelly, Barry and Clunie getting
most of their support from the delegates
at large which were appointed from
among leading members of the party and
arbitrarily assigned to districts for the
purpose of voting.
Tbe business of th c convention was
quickly ended by authorizing the chair
man, on motion of Walter Levy, to ap
point a Congressional committee of five
and the candidate to appoint an auditing
committee of five.
On motion of Max Popper, on behalf of
Barry and of 'one of Clunie's friends, the
nomination of Kelly was made unani
mous and the convention adjourned.
After the convention, when the dele
gates waited for the train in bunches about
town, and during the ride to the City,
Barry and his friends took the situation
rather philosophically, though regretfully.
There was more soreness in the Clunie
camp. There was much quiet discussioa
of "political liars," for it was declared that
lingo 11. Asher Made One of the Con
vention Speeches.
some people had cheerfully lied. Santa
Clara County had really dazed Clunie as
be realized that faith should jest in diviner
things.
"They gave me five votes," Clunie medi
tated, "five votes. I suppose l wouldn't
have got them if they had thought there
would be any chance of my being nomi
nated. Yes, Sam Rucker. "Why that fel
low walked down to the depot in San Jose
last Friday and said, 'Clunie, I'm with
you to the last.' And that .fellow's office
looks right out on the Government
building I got for the town. Well, I
don't know. They said they'd stand
by me as long as I had any chance of a
nomination. What chance was I going to
have if they voted for somebody else, I'd
like to know. I told them: "Boys, I de
pend upon you. I'm not very strong with
tbe City delegation because the bosses and
the "push" are against me, but lean win if
you stay with me,' and they said they
would. And Schellar told me that before
they would vote for Kelly they would
leave the nomination vacant."
Clunie gazed out of a window at the
George W. Fox. Chairman of the San
Matco Delegation.
prove-pemmed hills of San Mateo County
and a far-away look came into his eyes.
"Why, do you know that Fox, the chair
man of the delegation, wrote to me that it
thrilled his heart with joy to hear that I
was in the fight— thrilled his heart with
joy, 'and I am for you, 1 he wrote. Oh,
well ! There's Swift, who was given a job
in the Mint the other day. But then—
"And Fox. by tbe way. wa3 in the State
Central Committee that palled Kelly
down and put up Denman two years ago,
and he trot out and worked for Denman
against Kelly. When he got up I thought
he was going to second my nomination,
and I so told Barry, who sat next to me.' 1
Then he continued: "But it's over and
now I'll get out and whoop it up for Kelly,
Yes, sir, I will."
James H. Barry said some vieorous
things. Barry's friends counted on five
more votes from San Francisco than he
Rot, two from San Mateo that went to
Kelly and a whole lot from Banta Clara
County, where a landslide to Barry was
promised.
"My friends stood up nobly for me,"
said Barry, "and I am especially pleased
at the high character of th? support and
encouragement received from all over the
State. But the orders of the railroad were
to beat me. Of course I have bitterly op
posed any refunding bill, and also the
corrupt methods of the Southern Pa
cific. The people are not to blame
for my defeat." It was simply caused
by railroad influence and some of the
Federal brigade working with the 'push.*
Judge Wallace was against me because I
commented severely on his fraudulent
assessments. I have oeen told that cer
tain men went about offering money and
positions for votes against me. My vote
was flattering considering the short time
that I was in the fight and that I never
from first to last asked oue delegate to
vote for me.
'I will continue, as in the past, to sup
port true Democratic principles and to op
pose men in the Democratic party who
Joseph Grady of Santa Clara as He
Appeared Before the Convention.
are not Democrats. I will use my best en
deavors to have the gallant silver knight
of Nebraska secure the electoral vote of
California."
Kelly and his friends are jubilant.
"I was absolutely certain of getting the
nomination," said Kelly afterward. "In
my campaign you will find me a rabid
anti-railroad man, and I wiil stand up for
the free, 16 to 1 silver plank. I will op
pose religious intolerance, and I shall
make the improvement of Alvi9oand Red
wood City creeks among my chief aims If
elected, and the San Francisco postofßce
is another thing that I will hustle for.y
There is a prospect of a large bolt from
the Democratic Congressional ticket in
the Fifth — that is, a secondary one, and
tbe Republicans agree with many Demo
crats who suid yesterday that the weakest
candidate had been nominated.
SANTA CRUZ McKNTLEY CLUB.
Enthusiastic Republicans Organize for
the Campaign.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 20.— There
was an enthusiastic gathering of Repub
licans at Masonic Hall to-night. They
met for the purpose of permanently organ
izing a McKinley club. The organization
was effected with that dispatch which
characterizes Santa Cruz. The work of or
ganization was far more important than
speechmaking, and only enough was said
by the speakers to show tne strong enthu
siasm for the Republican ticket. The
speeebmaking will follow this very effect
ive organization, and Santa Cruz County
will do good work for the man who stands
for protection and prosperity.
The Santa Cruz City band was em
ployed to lend the charm of music to the
routine of business, and patriotic airs
were played as an introductory to the
meeting. The business of the meeting
was presented by L. J. Dake and E. S.
West, of the committee on permanent
organization, in timely but brief addresses
upon the importance of earnest work,
that the Republican organization might
be not only kept alive but made to become
a power lor good in the present campaign.
The McKinley Club had further aims,
they said, than the mere bringing together
of the county Republican organizations.
It would seek to educate the young men
in Republicanism.
A resolution was adopted admitting to
honorary membership young men from
eighteen to twenty-one years of age. The
organization was perfected by the election
of tbe following officers: President, W.
H. Galbraith; vice-president, W. H.
Lamb; secretary, George Stanley; treas
urer, Fred McPherson; executive commit
tee—E. S. West, \V. H. Bias. J. C. Collins,
J. Smith.
A largo number of the auoience an
nounced a desire to sign the constitution
and they were accommodated. The exec
utive committee will see to the preparation
of copips of the constitution for signa
tures. It anticipates a large addition by
the time of the next meeting, which will
be held on Thursday night, July 30.
SIXTH DIS TRICT CANDIDATES.
Pioneer X. .r. Jtote Wants the Democratic
Congressional nomination.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 20.— Another
Congressional candidate loomed up here
to-day in the person of L. J. Rose, a Cali
fornia pioneer and one of the earliest set
tlers in Los Angeles County. Mr. Rose is
a Democrat of the old school, a man of
means, well known and extremely popu
lar in Southern California. In a card, ad
dressed to the voters of the Sixth Con
gressional District, the latest candidate to
enter the field says:
"I have ever feit an ambition for an op
portunity to make an effort to be a benefit
to the farmer nnd fruit-grower. Having j
been a wine merchant, a wine-maker, a
crape-grower, a fruit-grower and a farmer
in this country for thirty-six years makes
me confident that I understand their
wants. This leads me to hope that I will
succeed in my effort lo better their condi
tion."
George Patton, who announced his can
didacy a few days ago, is likely to find in
Mr. Rose a foeman worthy of his steel.
The Populists, however, do not look with
espeoial favor upon Rose's candidacy, and
this may be the means of defeating him
in the nominating convention.
AMBUSHED AT MOONSHINERS.
Revenue . Officers r Harm a Hot fight ■at
Jlunnet Rag, ': Vai
BLUEFIELD, W. Va., July Deputy
Collectors Feetz and Wilson, with a posse
of men, were ambushed : yesterday at
Runnet Bag, Franklin County. Va., by
moonshiners. The": officers returned the
tire, and a thirty minutes' fight took place,
when the moonshiners retreated. Deputy
Marshal Fitzwalter was shot through the
arm, and three of the officers' horses were
riddled with bullets. It is reported that
three of the moonshiners were killed and
some wounded. : :
REFORM FORCES
MIT YET UNITE,
Patronizing Attitude of the
Bryan Democracy Very
Offensive.
DESIRE FOR A UNION.
It Causes Many of the Straight
Populists to Tolerate Much
Arrogance.
EDITORS WHO ARE DEFIANT.
J.sepb. Asbnry Johnscn Declares That
Honest Men Will N)t B3 Lei
by Party Deserters.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel I.indell, >
St. Louis, Mo., July 20. )
Our delegation arrived on time at 7
o'clock this morning, all in good health
and high spirits. After mingling with the
perspiring crowds in several hotel lobbies
and at various headquarters, and inter
viewing some notable men in Populist
ranks, I now venture to say that notwith
standing the furor of the liryanized silver
men there is a fair prospect that some
common ground will be found on which
the real reform forces of the country, in
cluding the genuine silver men, will meet
and form an honorable union. Let it at
once be admitted that this view is optim
istic. If such a union shall fail of- ac
complishment it will be due to the bad
tempered zeal and insulting intimidations
of such men as Senator Stewart and the
undisguised trading by Populist and silver
men in Nebraska and Kansas.
True, the patronizing attitude of the
Bryan Democracy is very offensive to all
self-respecting and zealous Populists, but
the overmastering desire for a union of the
Bilver forces felt by the vast majority of
Populist delegates leads them to smile un
concernedly at the self-confidence of the
Bryan Democrats in their new-born zeal
for silver legislation, and to be tolerant of
much arrogance which would otherwise
evoke qu?ck resentment.
There is *n element to be reckoned with
before substantial concessions will be
made to Bryan by Popuiists which at
present is receiving little consideration.
I refer to the Reform Press Association,
composed or Populist editors and publish
ers. Very liberal concessions to the
Bryanites will bring financial ruin to a
majority of these men and humiliation
and a sort of moral defeat to them all.
Stubborn and intelligent resistance will
of necessity come from these men to any
rash, headlong and inconsiderate con-
I cessions made to Bryan Democracy.
They will have not only ripht and dig
j nity on their side, but tho future growth
and ultimate success of the People's party.
Also men of spirit, of deep convictions, of
I determined purpose, who fight in self
i defense as well as for the cause, which for
| years has demanded and freely received
almost unexampled sacrifices and pinch
ing privations, will not meekly retire on
the approach of an arrogant, half-defeated
foe, especially as they see at the head of
the advancing Bryanites a deserting
; Weaver, a sneering Stewart, with trading
office-holders and office-seeKera at their
heels. With this hurried glance over the
field of action I close for further observa
tions. Joseph Asbury Johnson.
JONES AT THE HELM.
Presents a Plan of Division by
Which Ho Hopes to Ensnare
the Populists.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20. —Senator Jones
of Arkansas, who is engineering the Bryan
boom, was receiving ull the morning in
his headquarters at tbe Tlanters' Hotel a
number of the more prominent Populists
who desire Bryan's nomination by iheir
convention. The proposition which Jones
advances is this: In return for the Popu
liat ana silver Republican support one
member of each party will be placed on
the Democratic National Executive Com
mittee. In the States where the Populists
greatly outnumber the Democrats the
Populists are to control the nominations
lor Congress ana State officers. In other
States, where the strength of the two par
ties is more uniform a satisfactory ar
rangement will be made with respect to
the State Congressional tickets, the pur
pose in each being to secure the election of
free- silver representatives to the House.
The scheme finds great favor with such
Populists as Jones has consulted. Jones
insists that not only shall Bryan be nomi
nated but Sewall as well. He refuses to
entertain any proposition that looks to
the nomination of Bryan and the repudia
tion of tbe Democratic nominee for the
second place on tbe ticket.
Senator Jones sent for Jerry Simpson,
with other Populist leaders, and explained
to bim something in detail of the propo
sals and plans he bad to submit. Gov
ernor Stone of Missouri was present, also
T. M. Patterson, head of the contesting
Colorado delegation for seats in the Podu
list convention. Senator Jones said that
the important thing was that the cam
paign should be conducted not only har
moniously, but unitedly by all the silver
forces, and to that end he pledged him
self, should the convention in St. Louis
this week indorse or nominate Bryan and
Sewall, to appoint as members of the
Democratic National Executive Committee
i in change of the campaign a representa
tive each of the Populists and National
Silver parties. The adopting of ihls, it
was explained, would be that these repre
sentatives, together with one of the Demo
cratic party on the executive committee,
could go to States where it was necessary
to make an adjustment of local matters
growing out of the division of voters and
execute that adjustment with satisfaction
to all parties: and it would be binding on
all.
Governor Stone, it is said, added his in
dorsement to the pledge by Senator
Jones.
This conference lasted an hour or more,
and a knowledge of what occurred and
the promise made had an exhilarating ef
fect upon the effort to secure the indorse
ment or nomination of Bryan by the Pop
ulist convention.
The Kansas delegation was the first to
hold a meeting and go on record regard
ing its choice for President. The expres
sion, however, was only informal, inas
much as only ibirty-two ot the eighty-two
delegates from the State were present.
Twenty-eight of them were for Bryan and
Sewall, three for Bryan but opposed to
Sewall, and one in favor of independen
nomination with consolidation ofelectorst
This latter gentleman stated, however,
that be would not oppose the majority o,
a
tbe delegation and would go with them to j
make it unanimous. Nearly every one |
wanted a Populist platform, but 'there \
was one delegate who did not want to run
the risk of not nominating Bryan, and •
said that if ht could not get a reasonable i
platform he would take the Chicago plat- 1
form as weU as the nominees.
Senator Peffer said he &aw no better j
way to unite the entire free-silver vote
ot the country than to nominate Bryan.
THE REFORM PRESS.
Members Determine to Assert Their
Rights at a Meeting of the
Association.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20. — Sixty-five
members of the Reform Press Association
met in the St. James Hotel this afternoon.
Presidenr Paul Vandervoort of Omaha was
in trie chair. Secretary Roselle announced
that fourteen applications for membership
were on file. These were acted upon at
once and the names added to the roll.
President Vandervoort announced tbat
owing to the small attendance no matters
of legislation would be taken up, and
stated that another meeting would be held
to-m6rrow. An informal discussion fol
lowed. Tiie sentiment was strong that the
association should insist upon fuller rec
ognition by the party leaders in the draft
ing of tho platform and the selection of
candidates.
Secretary Roselle, who is also secretary
of the press committee in charge of the al
lotment of press seats in the convention,
assured those present that a liberal distri
bution of admission tickets would be made
to the association. This assurance quieted
the uneasiness of some of the members
who have been complaining of a lack of
attention by tue press committee.
m
MUST BECOME A POPULIST.
Otherwise the California Delegates
Cannot Support Bryan of
Nebraska.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.— The Califor
nia delegation to the Populist Convention
has issued an ooen letter to the Demo
cratic Presidential nominee, W. J. Bryan,
urging nim to «o before the country as the
nominee of the Populist party. It says in
part:
•'lf you will accept the nomination of
the People's party, declaring yourself a
Populist, you will become a leader to
whom will rush every reformer, be he sil
verite, Democrat or Republican; and rot
only be elected yourself, but also elect the
Congress and lawmakin^ power. It is the
opportunity of your life, if taken advan
tage of, and will, iike Lincoln with the
Republicans, send your name down to his
tory as a savior of our country by means
of Populism. If you do not do it we must,
*in oetense of our principles, put another
nominee in tha field. Can you thus be
elected?"
BRYAN MEN CONFER.
Speakers Urge the Importance of
Nominating the Statesman
From Nebraska.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.— The Bryan
element held a meeting at a late hour this
afternoon, which was attended by mem
bers of the most prominent Populists in
the city. Among those present were Sen
ator Stewart of Nevada, ex-Congressman
Harris of Kansas, General Weaver of lowa,
Senator Allen of Nebraska, ex-Congress
man Jerry Simpson of Kansas, Captain
Kolbof Alabama, Delegate Quinn of Wash
ington and Thomas 31. Patterson of Colo
rado. " ; v
The importance of nominating Mr.
.Bryan was urged upon the meeting by
several of the speakers. Some of the
Southern men who spoke and who . are
known personally to object to Mr. Bryan's
nomination frankly admitted that his
indorsement by the convention would be
satisfactory to their people. '
Mr. Harris of Kansas asserted that a
majority of the delegates favor Mr. Bryan
and that in Kansas he will secure 90 per
cent of the Democratic vote and prac
tically all of the bolting Republicans and
Populists. Other gentlemen assert that
the Populists would generally vote for
Bryan whether this convention indorsed
him or not.
It was finally decided that a special con
mit lee should be appointed to visit the
several State delegations and that every
means should be used to promote his in
terest. .
»
Will Elect JUcKinley.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 20.-A
business man's general campaign commit
tee has been started in this city for the
purpose of promoting the election of Mc-
Kinley. The projectors who are well
known hereabouts and business men claim
that the replies received from the circular
inviting co-operation indicate that 5000
names will be enrolled here by the end of
this week. Similar organizations are to
be effected in ail tbe principal cities of the
Union.
Western Tmnin Lliainpioti3lii]> Games.
CHICAGO, 111, July 20.— The Neel
brothers won the SVestern t nnis cham
pionship in doubles, defeating the Wrenn
brothers. The score was 6 — 3, 6 — o, 6 — 3.
To-morrow, weather permitting, Carr B.
Neel and (ieorge Wrenn will do battle for
the Western championship in singles.
NEW TO-DAr.
The Sheriff ~
Is Selling Out
The immense stock of dry goods
of M. Moran & Co., 1009-1015 Market
street. Many. buyers; all delighted
. with the great bargains. In the
dress goods line storm serges 40
inches wide, usually selling at 50 cts, j
now only 25 cts per yard. Linen col- I
lars, for ladies and gents, 1 cent each. I
15-cent dimities marked - down to 5
cents. Many bargains in other de- ;
partments equally low.
v
BLACKWELL'S . WANT
Hi &tSiisi>™m
spk pluvhi 1 " J.Q [sjo OTHER
ion will find one coupon f ,y-a Jj jßji |{X jj i^v
Inside e*cb two onnce bag, j ~~*S'<^^Tm^^M ' • (Nf
and two coupons Instdo eacli .. '■> : : /7 jSS^l'ffl 'r! \i ' I
four ounce bag oz> Black- 11 . A^|l|-.l/ 1 ' mft I \>ss'-'' ■".
well's Durham. ■ Buy m, bag ..- jh-—-^,^^^-— d^^^ J! T=*—— -
of this celebrated tobacco iiiP^^'^sn!li = *Sii
and read the coupon— which :llljls6ffipi?>y?&g^&»^ V^f^*^SS!^ ■*""
give. a Hat of valuable preg- liilF^^ BSS 7W _ f$W%
eaU and bow to get them. ,(( ** fIF- 'I'T'j'f'' t¥ J'* '. #t
mi
Is the light that will brine a great bi's
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body. can be made. Hndyan is for
man. Th« great Hudyan is to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other part*. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUD¥AN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs, pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Sena for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of sor.v
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and •
falling pair. You can save a trip to Mo: Springs
by wririug for "Blood Book" to the old physicians
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and £1118 Sta.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,"
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
rj^TW co nn
I yfti •%. oz.UUb
BLOCKADE SALE.
2STO
MISREPRESENTATION !
It is easy enough to advertise a sale and sell In-
ferior shoes cheap, but, such actions are always
I found out, and the old maxim, "Honesty is the
best policy," is the only legitimate way of doing
I business We have been In business for years and
I our square dealings have made our business ■ hat
' it is. Now we advertise a blockade sale. We are
compelled to do it, and when we say we are sell-
ing bargains our customers believe us. We have
never deceived them, and they have confidence in
us.. This week we are selling bicycle shoes
cheaper than they were ever offered In this city.
Just think, Gents' Kangaroo Low cut Bicycle
Shoes, unllned, with flexible soles, reduced to
$1 85; they retail elsewhere for $2 50; *n«l Gents'
Kanzaroo Bicycle Lace Shoes reduced to 2. Such
prices prove we are selling cheap.
qp"^ ' School is about opening,
OOCi and we are prepared to
_^ sell shoes at bedrock
l^y-*j prices Misses' Dongola
I < / Kid Button Shoes, with
• . I < 1.- spring . heels and patent-
I •*) ■ I 1' aiher Ud.-i. size* 11 to 9,
J?-Ji a reduced to 85c. Misses'
V^t-* a olid Wearing Pebble
jr&F' \ Grain Button, with spring
_J^Xlz_ if heels, double soles and
#TBC_ZZS> uMiii sole-leather tips, sizes 11
fji 4 ,m [■■nff^n !"■« t0 2, reduced to 86c
<C 1 OK
*+'*•*-"-'• Ladles' Extra Fine Ras-
fset Goat Oxfords, hand-
turned soles, pointed or
narrow square toes and
tips; no tucks or nails:
latest styles; every pair
guaranteed; reduced for
this weeK from $2 to
«hßll.-.^l— «r-y^ $1 25.
<£O 1 C Can you afford to pay
4>^. 1 O> 92 15 for a first-class arti-
cle? If so here is a chance.
_ ■ _jf»x Ladies' Russet Cloth Top
ezs&O&vr&^yll Southern Ties. The kid is
~**jC-rSSfc§^"''j chrome tanned, and is as
JBE^^^&f 80?t as ose^ in a glove; the
>*i*^*^rfgejra^ brown cloth tops are made
jf ..yjSsS^ of the bust, iniiterial and
U m<P\l" -*7*T *' ttgr will not fade ; the soles are
,"■.-!.!!»■?:•'* ' 1 1 ''*', : full hand-turned and re-
quire no breaking in. The
toes are either razor toes and tips or narrow square
toes and tips. All sizes and widths; stylish nobbr
Southern Ties, sold below cost. Price $'.' 15: sold
regularly for $3. ■
, Kir Country orders solicited.
tST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street, San FranoUco.
TjlySj Smr ™Ef
IS TUB VERY BEST ONE To' EXAMIJta
your eyes and at tnem to Spectacles and Eya-
glKsaem with instruments of his own invention,
whoseiupertority has not been equklad. Mj ***■
i tWitiM been due to tha menu or my v.*:*.
j Office Jtloura— la to 4v. v.PUNS FOR THE
COMING CAMPAIGN
Republican Managers Are
Getting Ready for
the Fray.
THE WORK IN THE WEST
There Is Much to Be Done by the
Literary BuFeau in Mold
ing Opinion.
NOTED MEN TO MAKE SPEECHES
And Now the Prospect for Major Mc-
Kinley's E ection Appears
Very Bright.
CHICAGO, 111., July 20.— Marcus A.
Hanna spent a busy day in Chicago to
day with his fellow-members of the ex
ecutive committee of the Republican
party and prominent Republicans who
wanted to confer with the campaign man
agers. The engagement of Western head
quarters in the Auditorium building, on
Wabash avenue, was soon disposed oi
and weightier political matters engrossed
the time of the chairman and his col
leagues. As a result of a conference of
M. J. Dowlinir, secretary of the National
League of Republican Clubs, with the
committee it was decided to absorb the
executive part of the league during the
campaign, so that hereafter Mr. Dowling
and his associates will work umier the di
rection of Mr. Heath, chief of the Western
Literary Bureau.
The committee had to deal with a more
delicate matter when the original McXi»
3ey and campaign fund question came up.
Mr. Hanua sent for Mr. Allerton, the mil
lionaire packer, and National Committee
man Jamieson was also called in as the
representative of the State organization.
Mr. Jamie?on submitted a list of four
et ore Chicago citizens, representing every
industry and mercantile pursuit, as the
members of a finance committee, which he
proposes to make the official agents of the
party for advisory and money-getting pur
poses.
Mr. Allorton examined the list and said
be was satisfied except for the omission of
three men whom be wanted to see on the
committee. These name-: were added, and
the committee will meet next Wednesday
to elect a chsirman. Mr. Allerton and
James W. Ellsworth, another millionaire,
were made the representatives of the Na
tional Committee on this financiering body
on demand of the original McKinley
League, which fought the State machine.
Chairman Hanna told Mr. Allerton that
he would not support any faction of Re
publicans who were opposed to the regu
lar party organization in the county or
State simply because of original opposi
tion to McKinley's nomination, yet he
would see that the friends of the
nominee in the McKinley Business Men's
League were given equal recognition with
others. This finance committee will have
char_-e of the distribution as well as the
collection of all funds.
The agitation among organized labor
men against Mr. Payne's selection, to have
charge of the Western headquarters in the
absence of Chairman Hanna, was not dis
cussed formally by the committee, be
cause there had not been received any
protest upon which to act. Mr. Hanna
stated that he had appointed no sub
chairman and would not either in New
York or Chicago. He said he intended to
be here most of the time, and Mr. Payne
had not been designated to act in any
capacity, except as a member of the execu
tive committee because of his past valu
able experience.
There was no disposition among the
committeemen to consider the matter
seriously. W T hen Mr. Payne was asked
about it he said: "Oh that has all been
settled long ago. I have no intention of
retiring from the committee."
Messrs. Thurston, Cummings and Hub
bard, for Nebraska, Minnesota and lowa,
were questioned regarding the situation in
their States by the committee. They said
that the silver sentiment was growing be
cause of literature sent among the farmers
by the silver organizations, but they had
heard of no bolts and urged immediate
work on the part of the Republican lite
rary bureau. Lots of hard work was
needed in the West to win.
The committee remained in session until
nearly 7 o'clock. At its close Mr. Hanna
said to a United Press reporter:
"We will have headquarters opened here
in a few days. All is now harmony and
lovely in Illinois."
It has been arranged to open the cam
paign August 5, with speech-making in
Neoraska and Minnesota. Roswell P.
Horr of New York and Senator Burrows
of Michigan will be among the orators.
Senator Cullom appeared before the com
mittee and gave his views as to the con
duct of the Western campaign.
DAVIS AS A CYCLONE.
Raises a Funnel-Shaped Cloud Be
fore the Populist National
Committee.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.— The execu
tive committee of the Populist National
Committee was in session the greater part
of the afternoon and evening. All of the
members were present except Mr. Me-
Parlin of New York, who is expected to
morrow. The meeting was called to con
sider certain matters of routine, but when
they Were cisposed of Senator Stewart of
Nevada and General Weaver of lowa, who
are both working zealously in Mr. Bryan's
behalf, addressed the committee.
Senator Stewart asserted that the senti
ments of the Chicago convention were
strongly Populistic; that Populism pre
vailed there, and that the convention
couid have nominated a Populist standing
on a platform made by Populists. Sena
tor Stewart paid a high tribute to Mr.
BTyan. He • xplained that he had known
Mr Bryan for a long time, and to his
knowledge he had been in entire sym
pathy with the Populists for the last four
years.
Senator Stewart deprecated the sugges
tion advanced by some of the Populist
leaders to-day that a compromise migtit
be reached which would result in nomin
ating a man on the ticket with
Mr. Bryan. He not only regarded this
as bad politics, but he thought such action
would confuse the voters if it did not lose
the silver men several States.
"Cyclone" Davis responded to Senator
Stewart, particularly remarking that the
stories in the newspapers charging that
the Southern delegates were being "har
monized" into their opposition to the
nomination of Bryan, were having a very
deleterious effect upon the prospects of
reaching an amicable agreement.
"And if ever these stories take a per
sonal turn, if any one be mentioned by
name, there will be to pay," said
Davis. A union of the silver forces had
oeen repeatedly proposed Dy the Ponulists
and the Bourbon Democrats had pre
vented it each time.
"Now," continued the "Cyclone," "they
propose union, but it is union wholly
within the Democratic lines and upon
Democratic candidates. We have parted
the waves of the Red Sea, the Democrats
propose to walk through to dry shore and
let the walls of water cover the Populists,
but we don't intend to play the Egyptian
part in this march to the promised land.
We want our candidates upon our own
platform and we'll divide electors with
the Democrats, but nothing more.
General Weaver spoke in the same strain
as Senator Stewart and he was followed
by Mr. Patterson of Colorado, who also
urged the committee to use»their personal
and official influence to secure the nomi
nation of the Chicago ticket.
There was some general discussion of
the subject after these speeches were made,
and an understanding was reached
whereby the delegations which represent
the extreme elements should be brought
together with a view to finding some mid
dle ground upon which all could meet.
The effort in this direction will take defi
nite shape to-morrow morning. It is un
derstood the members of the executive
committee are divided into three depart
ments on the question. Messrs. Strickler
of Nebraska and Turner of the District of
Columbia favored the nomination of
Bryan and Sewall. Washburn of Massa
chusetts and Rankin of Indiana favor the
nomination of Bryan with a Southern
Populist for second place; Messrs. Don
nelly of Minnesota, Tanbeneck (chairman)
of Illinois, Gaitherof Alabama and Davis
ol Texas are for a straight nomination by
the convention.
The full committee will meet to-mor
row morning.
ULTIMATUM OF
THE SILVER MEN
Continued from First Page.
"The work is going on all right," said
Senator Stewart of Nevada. "We are
going to unite the free silver forces and
make the battle on the common issue
against the gold-standard platform."
Senator Peffer of Kansas, who held off
until he bad canvassed the situation, came
out openly for the nomination of Bryan.
Ths arrival of the Democratic managers
seems to have also had the the effect of
moving the Bryan boom into more lux
uriant and commodious headquarters.
After the conference of the Bryan forces
with Senator Jones, Stewart and Governor
Stone, they decided to change their
quarters to a more conspicuous location,
and this morning opened up with all
kinds of decorations and Bryan portraits
in the big front room on the parlor floor
of the Lindell. The headquarters were be
sieged by delegates and visitors during
the day. A meeting of the forces was heJd
and General Weaver of lowa was elected
chairman and Fred L. Bailey of Oklahoma
secretary. Rousing silver speeches were
made by Senator Allen of Nebraska,
Governor Colb of Alabama, Tom Patter
son of Colorado and Senator Stewart of
Nevada. The silver men to-night claim
that thoy have 700 delegates to the
People's party convention pledged for
Bryan and Sewall, "and that is no hack
driver's dream either," said an enthusias
tic Bryan shouter to me when the figures
were announced at headquarters.
Frank McGuibk.
SHOUTING FOR BRYAN.
California Silver Delegates Arrive
In St. Louis and at Once
Become Active.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.— The Califor
nia delegation to the Silver National Con
vention arrived to-night. The delegates
had hardly changed their linen before
they began shouting for Bryan. They are
domiciled at the Southern, having en
gaged the handsomest apartments in the
big hotel, and will Keep open house during
convention week. The delegates were
just in time to attend an open meeting of
the National Convention committee of the
silver party at Lindell. It was a most en
thusiastic meeting.
Congressman Newlands of Nevada, who,
as 1 wired The Call several days ago, will
be temporary chairman of the convention,
made a strong appeal for harmony. He
said that it was in the province of the sil
ver people to unite all who believed that
the remonetization of silver would restore
prosperity and happiness to the Nation.
A committee was appointed to confer
with the Populists.
The California silver delegates now here
or on the way are as follows: Alvlnza
Hayward, G. W. Baker, Charles D. Lane,
Henry J. Willey, A. H. Pile. Dr. W. S.
Dickinson, A. H. Ricketts, John J. Flynn.
M. R. Hearly. E. H. Wooisey, Robert Mc-
Killican, William Pardy. Dr. F. W. Ben
jamin, J. W. Ream, John B. Moore, Huso
Hornlein, F. J. Moffit, Colonel John R.
Berry, Christopher Gosch, John Love, Dr.
D. W. Hunt, Thomas J. Chenie, J. M.
' Jones, G. J. Lambers, Jesse Gilmour, R.
W. Thomas, Hector McLain.
"We are all for Bryan," said A. H. Ricfc
etts to me to-night, "and feel that he will
De made the standard-bearer of all the sil
ver parties of the country. It would be
unwise for the Populists to place a third
ticket in the field. It would certainly
greatly increase the chances of the gold
people for victory."
"We are for Bryan," said Judge Wren of
Nevada; "he is the logical silver candi
date."
"I believe," said Hornlein of San Fran
cisco, "that 90 per cent of the Populists
are with us in this fight.'
"I am a silver Republican," said" A. H.
Pile of San Francisco, "but I believe that
Bryan will carry California by 30,000 ma
jority."
Mr. Pile's father ran for Congress from
the First Congressional District of Mis
souri, which includes the city of St.. Louis,
on the first Grant ticket and was elected
by a large majority.
"We will carry out the instructions of
the State Convention," said T. V. Gator,
who arrived from New York. "We do not
propose to sacrifice our principles as a
party. lam in favor of uniting all the re
form forces if it can be done without a sac
rifice to our party."
"Do you favor the nomination of Mr.
Bryan?" I asked.
"Well, as I said, I favor unity, bnt as I
have just arrived I cannot tell what the
feeling among our people is. Some of our
delegates favor Bryan, others do not."
Mr. Cator's friends say he will be in line
with the Bryan forces when the conven
tion meets on Wednesday.
Fbakk McGuibe.
On'fA* Road, to Recovery.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 20.— A1l doutts
of Mr. Vanderbilts complete convales
cence were set at rest to-night when Dr.
McLane sent a message to the representa
tives of the press that no more bulletins
would be issued and that the patient was
well on the road to recovery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
SILVER-TONGUED
TALK AT LINCOLN.
Bryan Visited by the Fifty
Colorado Delegates to
St. Louis.
JAMES BROWN'S EULOGY
Thinks That the Nebraska Boy
Orator Is a Fit Champion
of the People.
BUT THE CANDIDATE IS MODEST
And Says the Campaign Is Not Going
to Be Conducted on Personal
Lines.
LINCOLN, Nebb., July 20.— Fifty of the
Colorado delegates to the National Silver
Convention reached Lincoln to-day at 1:15
p. M., en route to St. Louis, and called on
Mr. Bryan at his new headquarters in the
Lincoln Hotel. Mr. Bryan had reached
the hotel a short time before and was wait
ing to receive the delegation in one of the
four rooms reserved for his ÜBe. Several
of the delegates are ladies, so Mrs. Bryan
was telephoned to come to the hotel and
she made her appearance in time to hear
remarks by some of the Colorado people
and the reply of her husband.
I. N. Stephens, one of the delegates at
large, made an introductory speech, in
which he said that Mr. Bryan would get 90
per cent of the votes cast in Colorado.
Predictions quite as encouraging to Mr.
Bryan's candidacy were also made by J.
T. Cornforth of Arapahoe, David Boyd of
Greeley, H. M. Hogg of Telluride, Judge
J. W. Johnson of Aspen and Mrs. Howard
S. Stansbnry of Denver, all delegates.
Professor R. O. Old of Georgetown went
even beyond this figure and prophesied
that 99 per cent of Colorado's franchises
would be cast for the Democratic nominee.
Those who spoke told Mr. Bryan that the
people of the Rocky Mountains were for
him and were going to follow his lead in
the campaign.
The principal speech was made by James
H. Brown, a delegate at large and chair
man of the delegation. Mr. Brown said
in part:
"In these most unfortunate and trou
blous times you, sir, have been chosen
from the ranks of the people — the plain
people— that great mass whose hearts beat
in sympathetic unison, ami who are the
ark of tne covenant wherein reposes the
safety of out country. You know the toils
and the sorrows of our countrymen and
the cause thereof. As one of them, you
sympathize with them. Their knowledge
of this, their belief in you and their ap
proval of the cause we champion are and
will be your towering strength.
"It is" the friendly wish, yea the ever
fervent prayer of the people of your
neighboring commonwealth whence we
come, that every drop of blood in the
magnificent physique with which God has
endowed you may continue to furnish
fresh and unfaltering aid to the brain and
tongue so happily allied to the people's
cause, to the end that when the winds of
chill November sigh o'er the landscape
the country and its masses shall unite in
a thankseiving whose joy shall know no
bounds over the honor of a chosen son,
through whose efforts the country shall
be re ieemed, unjust laws repealed, good
government restored and prosperity and
happiness secured."
In reply to the speeches Mr. Bryan said :
"Ladies and eentlemen: I desire to thank
you for your very kind greeting. Tho in
terest I have taken in the money question
is not due to the fact that we are producing
silver in this country. Xor do I believe
that those of you here to-day would have
different opinions on the subject if you
lived in States which did not. produce
silver. 1 have said time and time again
that I would be in favor of free and un
limited coinage of silver at the Diesem
legal ratio of 16 to 1 if we did not produce
one ounce of silver in the United States.
"It is not because we produce either
silver or gold, but because we are in need
of both that I am in favor of the restora
tion. I appreciate the fact that in your
State and in some of theother States of the
West ladies as wel 1 as gentlemen are per
mitted to vote. I al?o note thr.t a differ
ence of opinion on the subject has mani
fested itself in various places, but the fact
that so large a portion of the women of
Colorado have declared themselves in favor
of my candidacy assures me at least of
the truth of that old saying that woman is
the ft conscience of the human race.
Woman is a great controlling insluence in
the civilization of the world and any man
might well be comforted to know that she
lends him her support whether she can
vote or not.
"In so far as yon have expressed your
selves in terms of personal compliment to
me. while I cannot be indifferent to your
kind Jwords, we all know that this cam
paign is not going to be conducted on per
sonal lines. I believe that our opponents
are men of pure noble lives ana upright
character. It is not a contest between
men. It is a contest between great prin- '
ciples, and if I should be elected and if
Mr. Sewall should be elected it will not be
considered a declaration of the people that
we are personally more meritorious than
our opponents, especially on the one great
issue that towers above and overshadows
all the others — the money question— and
that we represent an American system of
finance of the American people, while our
opponents would have this Government
run on the European plan and our finan
cial system run by those who are hostile
to our interests."
Several members of the delegation had
short private talks with Mr. Bryan after
the speech making and at 3:30 o'clock the
entire party boarded their special train for
St. Louis. Mr. Bryan went back to his
home and made another onslaught on his
mountain of mail.
JUSTIFY A CONVENTION.
"Honest- Money" Democrats Satis
fled With the Responses Re-
ceived to Their Address.
CHICAGO, 111., July 20.— 1f the expec
tations of the executive committee of the
"bonest-monev" Democracy of Illinois
are realized there will be another Demo
cratic Convention and nomination not
later than September 1. The committee
held its first meeting to-night at the
Palmer House since its address to the
gold Democrats of the Nation was issued
and considered the responses which it nas
received from al! parts of the country.
At the conclusion of the meeting Chair
man C. A. Ewing said to a reporter for the
United Press:
"The responses which we have received
are sufficient to justify us in saying there
will be another convention and nomina
tion in the near future. We expect prac
tical developments very soon. We di
rected the secretary to organize such coun
ties in Illinois as have no organization of
sound-money Democrats. The subject of
calling a general conference of States is
under consideration and it will paobably
be called in a week, not on our responsibil
ity solely. It was agreed to take practical
steps toward calling a conference of sev
eral representative? from a dozen or fifteen
States to decide on a convention and issue
the call. We are not seeking any commu
nication with New York now on account
of its own affairs. The conference call is
likely to emanate from the Middle and
Western States rather than from the East
ern. We cannot have ibis convention as
the Democratic party, but as 'honest
money 1 Democrats."
NOT FOR MR. BRYAN.
Colonel Fellows Has No Use for the
Chicago Platform or the Con
vention's Nominees.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 20.— Colonel
John R. Fellows, District Attorney of
New York City and one of the most
prominent bolters from the Chicago ticket,
is in Washington. Colonel Fellows was
seen this morning by The Call corre
spondent.
"Are you correctly reported," Colonel
Fellows was asked, "that you will not
support the nominees of the Chicago con
vention?"
"Most assuredly. I will not support
them," he answered quickly and firmly.
"I cannot support them because I am a
Democrat. If there is anything Demo
cratic about the head of the Chicago ticket
or platform then 1 am not a good judge of
Democracy."
"What is the feeling among the rank and
file as to the Chicago tiefcet?"
"Nothing has been determined, and
there has not been much expression on
that subject. I think our people are wait
ine for tne action of the Democratic State
Convention, to which delegates to the Chi
cago convention will make their reports.
I do cot know exactly when the conven
tion will be held."
•'Are you in favor of the nomination of
a separate ticket?"
"l shall express no opinion as to that
now, and will leave it to the Democrats
of the country to decide."
"Have you encountered much of the in
creased silver strength that is said to be
showing itself in New York?"
"Oh, there is some silver sentiment in
New York, but the people are overwhelm
ingly against silver, and the country will
find that out before very long."
"Will the reported accessions to the sil
verites among the agricultural voters of
New York offset the loss to the Democratic
ticket of the cold Democrats?"
"No," and New York State will go for
McKinley by from 100,000 to 150,000 major
ity, and the majority may be greater than
the last estimate. In fact, there is no
telling how big a majority McKinlev will
get. The solid business interests of the
State are against the Chicago ticket."
"What do you think will be thcgeneral
result of the election, and will the West
ern States vote for the Democratic candi
date?"
"I presume that many of the Western
States will vote for the silver candidate,
but I can't be made to believe that the
people of this country will repudiate the
credit of their country, and that they will
indorse the anarchistic views expounded
by the Chicago convention. lam of the
opinion that McKinley will be overwhelm
ingly elected and that the question of free
silver will receive a quietus for some time
to come.
"I believe that if the Chicago conven
tion had contented itself with a simple
declaration in favor of the free coinage of
silver at t he ratio of 16 to 1, and nominated
a known Democrat there would have been
no considerable defection from the Demo
cratic ranks, out when it goes out
of its way to attack the Federal
judiciary, to declare practicaily for fiat
money, and to adopt many other un-
Democratic views, there are a great many
of us who cannot support the ticket."
"Do you think the Populists will in
dorse the ticket?"
"I do not know, but I do not see how
they can swallow a man like Sewall, for
instance. It seems to me that to indorse
him would be antagonistic to all their
principles."
Talking on the question of free coinage,
Colonel Fellows said that "this is the first
attempt in the history of the world to
force a ratio without reference to the com
mercial value."
He did not believe that international bi
metallism was so far off as it appeared.
He sai-i he was a bimetallist and believed
in the use of both metals. lie thought the
entire world was ripe for an international
agreement on the subject of the use of sil
ver. Germany and Austria, he said, stand
ready to act on the matter; other Euro
pean countries also, and he believed that
England would eventually be found in
line and would open the mints of India to
coinage.
NEWLANDS ARRIVES.
No Tims Lost by the Sagebrush
Statesman In Talking for
Sliver.
ST. LOXJIS, Mo., July 20.— Hon. Frank
G. Newlands, the silverite representative
in Congress from Nevada, who will prob
ably be temporary chairman of the silver
men's convention, arrived in St. Louis by
the Big Four train this Hveninjr. On the
same train were delegations from North
Carolina, one of the Populists and one of
the silver Democrats.
Being asked by a United Press reporter
if the silver convention would unite with
the Populists and form one body, Mr.
Newlands replied with emphasis: "Oh.no,
there is no contemplation of anything of
the kind. We believe in confining our
selves to the single issue of free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1. On that issue we carried
the State of Nevada against both parties at
the last election by a ttaree-fourtns ma
jority. There is too much impracticable
in the Populists' plans. The Democratic
party would have strengt bened itself if it
had shortened its platform. But we are
in favor of indorsing Bryan in the strong
est way.
"The trouble with the people of the
East," said Mr. Newlands, "is that they
have paid no attention to the silver move
ment and now it comes upon them like a
revolution. But among the miners and
the wheat and cotton growers of the W WestT est
and South the economic features of this
silver question have been thoroughly
studied and they are understood. Any
one, probably, of these North Carolina
delegates now here could walk into an
Eastern banker's office and flatten him
out with facts on the currency question.
"This thing has been brought home to
them by the extraordinary stimulus given
to the production of wheat and cotton in
silver standard countries like India and
the threatened competition of Japan, an
other sflver standard country, in manu
factories. To an East India laborer a rupee
is a rupee and it buys- just as much for
him as it ever did, but now that the rupee
in the rate of exchange has lost half of its
gnid value by silver demonetization wheat
and cotton can be laid down in the mar
kets of Europe at half the cost.
"The Populists are laying out a good
deal of work for themselves. But I ven
ture to think that those who are standing
in the middle of the road, as they call it,
will find it desirable to get out of the way
when the locomotive comes-alons.' 1
Here two of the Nortli Carolina dele
gates—Henry Skinner, a Populist Repre
sentative in Congress, and Mr. Pearson, a
silver Democrat— joined in the discussion.
Mr. Newlands expressed the belief that
the silver movement was making some
headway in the East, particularly in New
York. Mr. Skinner interposed: "Don't
you believe anything of the kind. The
East will go solidly for McKinley and
gold. I think it was a mistake at Chica o
to put in the second place on the ticket a
man from Maine — a State which holds a
fail election, which is sure to go against
us— and this cannot fail to hurt us."
Mr. Skinner professed a strong admira
tion for Mr. Brjan, but said he would like
to see a silver Republican joined with
him on the ticket,
i
BOLTERS COME
OUT FOR BRYAN.
Manifesto Issued by the
Committee After a
Conference.
SEW ALL ALSO INDORSED
Teller, Dubois, Mantle, Hartman,
Wilson, Shafroth and Steven
son Appeal for Silver.
ASSAIL THE GOLD STANDARD.
Dissenting Republicans Who Ask tne
People to Support the Chicago
Nominees.
MANITOU, Colo., July 20.— The com
mittee of bolting Republicans who have
een in session here for several days, late
this afternoon made public the following
manifesto:
We deem it fitting that we, who have hereto
fore affiliated with the National Republican
party and who have rejected the financial
plank of the platform adopted at St. Louis and
refused to support the nominees of the con
vention, should state our position in the Presi
dential campaign and give briefly our reasons
in support thereof. When certain delegates to
the Naiional Republican Convention repu
diated the financial plank of the platform and
withdrew from the convention, we determined
that we would give our support to such candi
dates as should appear most willing and capa
ble of aiding in the restoration of silver to its
rightful place as standard money.
The Democratic party in its Chicago conven
tion has takeu a position in its platform so
pronouncedly favorable to silver and has
nominated candidates of such unquestionable
convictions in favor of the bimetallic policy
and of such high personal character that we
have determined to give them our support.
We support such candidates because they rep
resent the great principle of bimetallism,
which we believe to be the cause of humanity
and civilization and the paramount question
now before the American people.
We therefore announce that we shall by
voice and vote support Messrs. Bryan and
Sewall for President and Vice-President, and
we appeal to all citizens, and especially to Re
publicans who feel as we do that gold mono
metallism would be of lasting injury to the
country, to act with us in securing their elec
tion.
The Democrats who believe In the gold
standard are announcing their intention to
support Mr. Mejvinley on purpose to put a
third candidate<in the field for the avowed
purpose of ailing McKinley's election. A
preat number oi leading and influential Dem
ocratic journals have declared they will sup
port the Republican nominees. It Is evident
there is to be a union of forces on the part of
the advocates and supporters of the gold
standard to elect Mr. McKinley and a con
gress favorable to him which will support the
financial policy outlined in the Republican
platform.
To those who believe in bimetallism, which
means the equal treatment of both gold and
silver at the mints of the Nation, there is but
one course to pursue and that is to unite all
the silver forces and to oppose with all our
might the candidate representing the policy
which we believe is fraught with disaster to
the Nation and ruin to the people.
Gold monometallism means the shifting to
gold alone, as primary money, all the burdens
of commerce and credit formerly borne by gold
and silver, and as the world's stock of these
metals has always been about equal in amount
it means the doubling of the burden upon gold.
Doubling the burden upon gold means doub
ling the demand for the same, and doubling the
demand of necessity doubles the value thereof.
This gradual shifting to gold of all the burdens
of both gold and silver has caused a gradual
and steady increase In toe value of every dollar
redeemable in gold, and hence a gradual and
steady decline in the value of every commodity
that Is measured by that dollar.
The representatives and supports of Mr.
McKinly consented to the insertion in the st.
Louis platform of the gold standard declara
tion thinly veneered by a declaration for bi
metallism, "when the leading commercial na
tions of the world should consent," but nntil
that consent was secured the gold standard
must be maintained. It is well known that
this consent cannot be secured from Great
Britain and that such declaration for bimetal
lism means nothing with this limitation upon
it. Mr. McKinley consented to the declaration
for the gold standard in the platform, and in
his recent speeches has accepted it, and has be
come the advocate thereof; he has shown by
his speeches heretofore made that he under
stood the danger ot the gold standard and the
distress which would be inflicted upon the
American people by its adoption, and yet he
pledges the people to support and maintain
that system, and fasten upon them all the
evils of the financial system which be has
heretofore repudiated, if they will make
him President. Whatever may be his attitude
on the money question in the past he must in
evitably hereatt'.-r support the same financial
system that the present Democratic adminis
tration has, and if elected must continue the
policy of Mr. Cleveland In the sale; of bonds in
me time oi peace. Hence with the success of
Mr. McKiniey we may look for a continued In
crease of the public debt and the sale of bonds
to maintain trie gold standard.
That the condition of the country Is not sat
isfactory all admit. The producers of wealth
are not receiving fair and proper compensation
for their labor, whether in field, factory or
mine; enterprise has ceased, values are con
stantly declining, labor is unemployed, dis
content and distress prevail to an extent never
before known in the history of this coun
try, and no reason can be found for
such an unhappy condition save in a vicious
monetary system. Those who profess to deplore
the present financial condition, and oppose
the free coinage of silver, are divided in opin
ion as to the cause of the present condition.
Some declare that it is because we have too
much tariff, others that we have not enough ;
while the fact exists that every gold-standard
country in the world, whether it has a high or
a low tariff, is now and has been during recent
years in the throes of a financial panic, and
every silver-standard country, compared with
its former condition, is enjoying an industrial
development and degree of prosperity hitheeto
unknown in its history. While thus dirleiing
in opinion, they unite in asserting that the
gold standard must be maintained until for
eign countries shall signify their willingness
that the American people shall exercise the
rights of freemen and create a financial sys
tem of t heir own. If we overlook the humilia
tion and degradat'on we must feel on account
of such a declaration of financial dependency,
we may well inquire when the consent of the
leading commercial nations will be obtained.
No one who has read the proceedings of the
three international monetary conferences that
h.-ive already been held, or who has examined
the impracticable propositions presented at
those conferences, can for a moment have any
idea rbat any international bimetallic agree
ment can ever be made with the consent of all
"the leading commercial nations of the
world." When will Great Britain, controllod
as she is and ever will be by the creditor
classes, who collect vast jdbii of money for
interest due her and her citizens, who buys of
us annually many more millions than she
sells to us, and whose interest it is to make
the pound sterling purchase as much of our
products bs possiDle, consent that we shall be
financially independent as we are supposed to
be politically independent? When did the
credit classes of Great Britain ever give up or
in any way yield an advantage such as they
now possess through the maintenance of the
gold standard?
There is no hope for international bimetal
lism until the United States shall establish bi
metallism for itself, and when that is done
international bimetallism may be secured
without the consent of Great Britain. Trie
United States, on all other subjects of legisla
tion, acts independently of any other nation
on earth. By what process of reasoning is its
right, authority or ability to legislate upon
this, the most important subject with which it
has to deal, questioned or denied?
With a Nation equal in wealth and power to
one-fourth of the world, it is cowardly to say
that we must ask the permission of Great
Britain to establish and maintain a financial
policy of our own. Believing, as we do, that a
return to the monetary system especially
recognized in the constitution and completely
provided for by law from 1792 until 1&73 af
fords trie only ground of hope lor the better
ment of the distressed condition of all the
classes except those who live by the increment
that money loaned gives to those who loan it,
we appeal to all classes to rally to the support
of the only candidates whose success indicates
any hope of relief.
Let the merchant and buiiness man whose
HEW TO-DAY.
DAZED !
When the good folks and early risers
opened their eyes yesterday morning and
saw our big ad in their favorite paper stat-
ing that the choice of any SUIT or OVER-
COAT in our big corner window, irrespective
of former prices, could be had for
--$10.00--
They rubbed their eyes to see if what before
them was true.
They Came Early!
A\d the critics were out early too, and
what's more, they bought. Expert judges
of clothing couldn't understand how we
could do it.
To be plain with you, we need a pile of
money by the first of August and that's the
only way we know how to raise it— by doing
something extraordinarily great.
The Suits and
the Overcoats
Are high-grade, perfectly tailored Suits and
Overcoats— up-to-date Clothing. Their for-
mer prices are still on the tickets — $16, $18
and $20. Make your selection from any
of 'em.
All You Need Pay Is
-$10.00-
NO QUESTIONS ASKED.
MONEY IS WANTED— TEAT'S OUR
REASON.
OPEN EVENINGS TILL 8.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
FRISCO BOYS WHO CAN STAND A LOSS
AND NOT WINCE,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS
AND EIGHT FLOORS.
dwindling and lessened profits, despite his
care and economy, brought him face to face
with prospective bankruptcy and ruin; the
professional man, whose best efforts scarcely
afford him compensation for his labor alone;
the farmer, the continually falling prices of
whose products have left him no returns for
capital invested and work performed; and last
but not least, let the grand army of laboring
men, so oulled — the artisan, the mechanic and
the miner, and every one who depends upon
his daily labor for his daily bread— look about
him and observe the great number of those
who vainly seek for a chance to worK— upon
the great army of enforced idlers— and one and
all resolve to'try, not an experiment (for bi
metallism is not an experiment), but rather a
return to a policy that throughout the vicissi
tudes of our Nation's infßncy, through the in
ternecine struggle of its manhood kept us a
great, free and prosperous Nation, in which
labor was not only respected and employed,
but was so compensated that want and
distress such as now weiph upon us was un
known. Let the lesson of history, too re
cent and too plain to be gainsaid or denied, be
heeded, and let there be no fear that a system
that so wonderfully protected labor, devel
oped business enterprise and secured to the
Nation a contented nnd prosperous people in
the past will do aught but bring to us a return
of hke prosperity, the predictions of disaster
of our opponents to the contrary notwith
standing.
In Mr. Bryan the Chicago convention placed
at the head of its ticket a gentleman of excep
tions! ability and of high character. N'n man
of his i.go is better known throughout the
United States than he. A member ot Congress
for four years, he commanded the admiration
and respect of oil his associates in that body
as a scholarly statesman and profound thinker.
No man has ever assailed his character or in
any way questioned his integrity or moral
worth. His character is a tit example for the
youiig men of this country. Me has shown in
all his public utterances that he loves his
country and his countrymen and That he sym
pathizes with them in thtir distress. He nas
al*o shown that he believed the financial sys
tem which makes gold the standard ot vafue
was in a great degree the cause of the depres
sion and financial distress prevalent through
out the land; that the condition now existing
will continue while the present monetary sys
tem lasts, and that he would fain return to the
use of both gold and silver es they were used
prior to 1873, and he has proposed such a
change of the financial system by the usual
constitutional methods.
Such was the character and «uch the polit
ical opinions of the candidate known to his
countrymen, who by their representatives in
convention selected from every State In the
Union put him in nomination for the highest
office within the gift of the American pe*pl«.
This is a critical period In our National hU
tory. Our industrial and fin&oclel indepen
dence of other nations and peoples is Involved
in this campaign, and we firmly believe there
will be no return of prosperity until we ahatt
have changed our financial system so at to re
store the bimetallic system established by the
fathers of the republic; and so believing we
urge all frieeds of gold and silver aa standard
money and the opponents of a s.agle gold
standard to give to Mr. Bryan and Mr. Sewall
their hearty support. In advising this court*
we do not consider It necessary that they shall
abandon or surrender their political views oa
other questions.
Profoundly impressed with the importance
of the issues of this campaign, for ourselves
and our associates, we respectfully submit the
foregoing to the candid decision of the Ameri
can people. H. M. Teller,
Fred T. Dubois,
Lie Mantle,
Chables S. Haktmah,
Edgar Wilson,
John F. Shafroth,
A. M. Stxvxnsom,
Committee.
Manitou, Colo.. July 20, 1896.
Major MrKinley at Cleveland
, CLEVELAND. Ohio, : July 20.— Major
McKinley was met upon his arrival by a
committee of prominent citizens, who
escorted him to Mark Hanna's residence.
He spent a quiet evening there and re
ceived but few callers. Among those who
spent considerable time with him was
Colonel Myron T. Herrick, who is one of
his closest friends - and , advisors. Major
McKinley does not expect to take an ac
tive part in the Cleveland centennial cere
monies until Wednesday. To-morrow
aiternoon he will probably attend the re
ception to be given in honor of Governor
Bushnell by Noel BurJte. Major McKin
ley's trip from Canton ;to Cleveland was
without incident.
- . -. - 9 •_■
Wife-Murder and Suicide.
NEW ALBANY, Ind., July 20.— Charles
Miller, a farmer, living fifteen miles north
of Louisville, at noon to-day killed his
wife by shooting her with a rifle and then
committed suicide with the same weapon.
No cause is known. Four children are
left, the eldest being 16 years old an* the
youngest 5.
34
AWFUL CRIME IN
WEST VIRGINIA.
Sleeping Family Attacked
by a Woman With
an Ax.
A SHOCKING SLAUGHTER
Father and Daughter Killed Out
right and Three Chil
dren May Die.
THE MURDERESS IS SILENT.
Neighbors Are Horrified at the Ter
rible Tragedy ani There Is
Talk of Lynching.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., July 20.— A
fearful tragedy occurred last night six
miles above here. It was one of the blood
iest and most shocking murders ever hap
pening on the upper Ohio waters. The
whole neighborhood is horrified and peo
ple for miles around arc flocking to the
scene of the outrage.
The fiendish work was perpetrated by a
woman named Etta Robbins. As a result
of her diabolical actions A. J. Call and his
daughter Nettie were killed and horribly
mutilated. Another daughter named Lot
tie was fatally injured. Two other
children named Grace and Otis Call were
hurt so badly that they may die.
As far as known the crimes were com
mitted without any motive and the only
reason assigned for them is that the
woman who did the work was crazy. It
appears that she was stopping with the
family in a shanty-boat moored to the
river bank?. They all retired to bed last
night in the best of humor. Etta Robbins
seemed particularly cheerful. She laughed
and chatted with the different members of
the family as though she was pleased with
them all.
About 3 a. m. the Robbins woman awoke
and stealthily crept to the corner of the
boat where a double bit ax was concealed.
After grasping it in her hand she waited a
few miautes until fully assured that none
of the family were awake. It was not
quite daylight, but it was light enough for
her to see A. J. Call, who was quietly
sleeping in one corner of the boat.
Stealthily creeping over to him the woman
raised the ax on high. Another instant
passed and the cruel weapon descended
with a sickening thud on the head of the
unconscious man.
The blow evidently killed the sleeper,
for he never moved. The woman, how
ever, was not satisfied. She rained blow
after blow on the prostrate form. The
noise of the descending ax awakened Lot
tie and Nettie Call, who ran into the
room. As soon as they entered the Rob
bins woman turned on them and attacked
them with the bloody ax. She killed Net
tie with a few blows and cut Lottie several
times. She would andoubtedly have killed
Lottie had not the wounded girl leaped
into the river. Being a good swimmer,
she managed to reach the shore in safety,
despite her probably fatal wounds.
The fiendish woman then turned on the
other children and cut them severely.
Fortunately for them the woman saw Lot
tie Call swimming to the bank, and in a
frenzied rage she threw the ax at the form
of her escaping victim.
A little boy who was on the outside of
the boat saw the murders and managed to
escape to alarm the neighbors. When
they arrived they found the boat in a hor
rible condition. Call's body was lying
weltering in blood. His head was almost
cut off. His heart was visible through a
gaping wound in the breast. The head of
Nettie Call was also almost cut off. Her
breast was terribly mangled and her heart
was cut out. The other children were cut
in a dozen places.
The Robbins woman when arrested re
fused to give any reason for her demoniacal
act. She was promptly put in jail. The
neighborhood is greatly excited and there
is strong talk of lynching the woman.
PORTLAND BURGLARS FOILED.
Driven From the City by Officers on the
Eve of a Proposed Bank
Robbery.
PORTLAND, Ok., July 20. — Burglar
Charles F. Moore, recently released from
San Quentin after serving four years for
having robbed Neuburger, Reiss & Co. of
$4000 worth of silks, was here last Friday
with John Betts, a New York crook. They
were in town but twenty-four hours when
the police peremptorily ordered them to
leave. On Saturday morning Detect
ive Simmons learned that the office of
D. D. Oliphant & Co. had been entered
and $80 stolen an hoar or so before Moore
and Betts had been ordered from the city.
The office had been left in charge of a
woman stenographer. When he inquired
as to why the robbery was not at once re
ported at police headquarters he was told
that the firm did not believe that it would
result in the ct-f-ture of the thieves.
Detective Simmons obtained a full de
scription of the men who robbed the of
fice, and that description fitted Moore and
Betts like a glove. This morning Chief of
Police Minto was advised of the arrest of
the thieves at Spokane. Detectivee Day
and Simmons are en route to bring them
back.
By apprehending this pair here on Fri
day afternoon the officers averted a bank
robbery. Detective Day said this forenoon
that since the departure of Moore and
Betts he was advised by one of their
friends that it had been their purpose to
rob the First National Bank in East Port
land on Saturday morning. Moore and
Betts, well armed, went to the banking
house on Friday noon to change some cur
rency. That was done to give them an
opportunity to survey the premises and
learn the best and safest mode of escape
after completing their job. At that time
there were too many persons in that local
ity, so they postponed the proposed rob
bery until the following morning, when
an attempt would nave been made, bat for
their deportation .
TANCOUVER'S UNKSOWN DEAD.
Inquest Over a Supposed f'irtitn of the
Victoria .Bridge MMsaster.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 20.— The
Coroner visited Gambier Island to-day to
bold an inquest over the body of an un
known woman found among driftwood on
the beach. The body was decomposed,
and bad evidently been in the water at
least a month. The clothing from the
waist down was [gone, bnt the upper cloth
ing was still intact. The overwaist of
black siik with balloon sleeves, the corsets,
the linen waist with lace trimming, and
the knitted undervest, were all of fine ma
terial, indicating refined taste, but there
was no mark to lead to the identification
of the body. It is surmised that this
woman was* a victim of the Point Ellice
bridge disaster, as there is a tidal current
from Victoria that would carry the body
to the point where it was found.
AFALON SUSPECT FREED.
Officers Seeking a Penitentiary ".Escape"
' Arrest the Wrong Man.
AVALON, Catalina Island, July 20.—
C. I. Officer, who was arrested here on
Thursday on a charge of being an escaped
convict from the Deer Lodge (Mont.) pen
itentiary, established his innocence and
has returned to the island. When his
captors reached Los Angeles with their
prisoner, Officer asked Sneriff Oswald of
Bakersfieid, who made the arrest, to wire
to the Wardens of the Deer Lodge peni
tentiary for identification. This was done
and Oswald received the following dis
patch:
Officer worked for us as guard. He is of
light complexion. Stuart Russell is dark.
CoshEr and.McTeague, Wardens.
Officer was also able to prove an alib!,
as he was within eight miles of Los An
teles at the time the convict escaped.
Sheriff Oswald returned to Bakersfieid
and Officer vows he will secure damages
for false arrest.
I NTEST I NG IN EL DORADO.
English Capital to Develop Mines Around
Placerrille.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., July 20.— Colonel
W. J. Sutherland of London has been so
journing for some days in this county,
and secured valuable mining properties
on which development work has been in
progress during the past year. He expects
to begin the erection of a complete mill
ing plant next month. An Euglisb com
pauv of large capital will be associated
with him in the enterprise. Colone!
Sutherland is well known in Nevada,
where he operated very extensively for an
English syndicate during the palmy days
of silver mining. His advent and that of
his people into California augurs well for
investments of English capital in heavy
amounts in the mines of this State. The
colonel left for San Francisco this after
noon.
OJAI VALLEY ROAD.
Construction of the Line Will Soon Be
Under Way.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 20.— The
Ojai Valley Railroad is now assured and
its construction will begin not later than
September 1. A subsidy of $10,000 has
been given by the inhabitants of tue val
ley and the necessary right of way secured.
The construction is in charge of Captain
Cross. This railroad will in a measure
revolutionize the Ojai, but the mountain
valley is spacious enough to, in a measure,
preserve its quiet and its wild picturesque
ness, even though a train of cars glides
through it several times a day. Such a
connection with the outside world will be
an infinite benefit to farmers and fruit
growers, while to the traveling public it
will open new privileges and new delights.
found Death in Puyallup Rirer.
TACOMA, Wash., July 20.— The body of
Ed Coran, aged 40, of Coyote, Or., was
found floating in Puyallup River this after
noon. Coran said several days ago that he
intended to commit suicide because he had
been robbed of $400 in Tacoma. He was
formerly a tie contractor on the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company line.
IZEE STOCKMEN FIGHT,
Bloody Battle Between Sheep
men and Cattlemen Near
Canyon City.
Three of the Combatants Reported to
Have Been Slain in the
Engagement.
PORTLAND, Or., July 20.— A dispatch
received here to-day from Canyon City
tells of a bloody fight between cattlemen
of the Izee conntry, in Grant County, and
sheepmen of Crook County. No details
have yet been received, but it is asserted
that two of the sheepmen and one of the
cattlemen were killed.
The fight was over the possession of a
range in the South Fork country and was
of long standing. The sheepmen and cat
tlemen have disputed over the right to
herd sheep on a certain part of the range.
Sheep and cattle cannot be herded in the
same district, and the cattlemen have
tried to force the sheepmen away.
There has for a long time been hot talk
about the matter and trouble had been ex
pected, but up to the present time there
have been no fatalities. There have been
several shooting scrapes, but none of
them have been attended with loss of life.
The fight just reported will bring the
matter to a crisis, and will probably re
sult in some kind of settlement of the
dispute.
CRIME AT MONTEREY.
Property of a Whaling Company Wrecked
by a Miscreant.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 20.— The Mon
terey Whaling Company is the victim of a
malicious persecution. Borne one with
nothing better to do went out to the
whaling company's works in New Monte
rey, turned on the large faucet of one of
the tanks, and as a consequence 300 gal
lons of oil was destroyed. The miscreant
, was then not satisfied. Procuring a crow
bar he proceeded to wreck che company's
trying-works, and succeeded to the extent
of about $250 damages. Suspicion rests
upon a person Jately connected with the
whaling crew, and who left town, presum
ably, the day before the outrage was dis
covered. Captain Pedro can assign no
cause for the destruction of his property.
Monterey fish Cannery Cloned.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 20.— The Mon
terey Fish Cannery has closed for the sea
son. Manager Haller says that next year
a substantial structure will be built on the
water front. The necessary machinery will
be taken from a closed cannery in San
Francisco and placed in position here.
Should next season's run of salmon be as
creat as the one just ended, the plant's
capacity will be increased and mackerel
sardines and other fish will be hauled.
This year, with the small force of men and
machinery, Mr. Haller succeeded in put
ting up Hbout 100 cases of salmon daily.
/>..»>, p Craft Barred at Avalon.
AVALON, Catalina Islanp, Jnly 20.—
At a special meeting of the property-own
ers of Ava'on yesterday afternoon resolu
tions indorsing the Banning Company in
the stand they have taken against the
landing of tramp launches and yachts
were passed, and the property-owners
unite with tho company in saying "Hands
off! to tramp craft of all descriptions.
All pleasure yachts are welcomed as of
yore, but no craft for revenue only.
Tolo County's Assessment.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 20.-The as
sessment roll which has been presented to
the County Board of Supervisors shows a
decrease of $1,176,305 in the value of Yolo
County property during the past year.
The decrease is mostly in farming lands.
The Supervisors have been sitting as a
board of equalization during the past
week, and a large number of big property
owners' assessments have been raised.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
BUDD STRIKES
FOR ECONOMY,
Insane Asylum Officials
Questioned by the
Executive.
MONEY FREELY SPENT.
He Declares the Stockton and
Napa Payrolls Are Too
Large.
MEN HIRED TO DO NOTHING.
Decrease of Patients Accompanied
by an Increase in the
» Expense.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 20.— Drs.
Asa Clark and A. M. Gardner, superin
tendent and resident physician respect
ively, of the Stockton and Napa Insane
Asylums, were called before Governor
Budd to-day and questioned as to the
reasons why the payrolls of those institu
tions had increased maternally although
the number of patients had not increased
in the <ame ratio.
•'ln 1885," said Governor Budd, "there
were more patients in the Stockton asylum
in the month of June than there are at the
present time, yet the expenses were but
$6784, while during the past month it cost
$8290 to run the institution."
Dr. Clark explained that he had to pay
a plumbing bill on the new building, and
was informed by the executive that the
bill should have been paid out of the per
manent improvement fund and not the
maintenance fund.
"And as to the Napa institution," con
tinued the Governor, "in 18S5 with 1409
patients the payroll was $75,468, while in
1894 with 1335 patients the roll bad in
creased to $92,000. I find a peculiar con
dition of affairs at the asylum. The di
rectors had gone to the Legislature and
secured the appropriation of 40 cents per
capita, and what remained was used up in
the payroll. Yon have no right to pay
anything oat of the appropi Ration for the
asylum, but you should provide for every
thing from the contingent fund, which
wan fixed at $17,000 a year. What you
nave saved on certain articles you have
used up by placing a man or two more on
the payroll."
Dr. Gardner said in reply that when he
assumed charge of the institution he
found it ws.3 in a dilapidated condition.
As he employed the inmates in restoring
the buildings and in the gardens he had
been forced to increase tho number of at
tendants.
•'On the contrary," retorted Governor
Budd, "your list of attendants has de
creased, while you keep people to drive
your carriage."
"You are misinformed in that matter,"
answered Gardner. "There is oniy one
man employed in charge of the stable."
Then he explained the changes made in
the cooking and other departments and
claimed that the saving made by so doing
would result in the lessening of expense
for the year of $16,000, which next year
would be further decreased, probably by
the amount of $40,000.
Then the Governor took a fall Out of
Deputy Attorney-General Anderson by
stating that the law which prevented tho
asylums from hiring a special attorney
had resulted in a loss of $9000 to Napa
alone, as the Attorney-General had not
collecied any of the claims for paying
patients. Anderson retorted that as no
list of these claims bad been given he
knew nothing about them.
BUYING LOS ANUSLES BONDS.
The State Board of /Examiners Authorises
a Purchase.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 20.— At the
meeting of the State Board of Examiners
to-day a resolution anthorizing the pur
chase from the Germania Savings and
Loan Society of Ban Francisco of $50,000
worth of Los Angeles Courthouse 4 % per
cent bonds was adopted. With the accrued
interest of $118 and $250 premium the
bonds will cost $50,326.
When the claim from the Santa Clara
County Woman's Relief Corps Home As
sociation was presented in the sum of
$1297 55 it caused considerable discus
sion, and Governor Budd refused to sign
it, on the ground that he believed it to be
unconstitutional. Deputy Attorney-Gen
eral Anderson signed it, however, and said
he would run the bill up against Controller
Colgan, who could settle the dispute on its
legality withholding the warrant and
awaiting legal proceedings.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald ap
peared before the board in relation to a de
ficiency. The board agreed upon allowing
a deficiency some time ago, but it
rescinded its action because it felt upon
investigation that it could not legally
grant the deficiency. In the meantime
Fitzgerald has been paving office rent out
of his own pocket and his deputies have
been working without compensation.
Governor Budd said he could not find any
law favorable to Fitzgerald, and could not
grant a deficiency; but eventually the
claims for running expenses of the* labor
bureau were referred to the Attorney-Gen
eral. This decision was evidently disap
pointing to Labor Commissioner Fitzger
ald, who stated that if no deficiency was
created he could do nothing.
"Then don't do anything," cheerily re
turned the Governor, as he closed the ses
sion of the board.
STATE EQUALIZERS MEET.
Arrange to Receive Complaints from
Railroad Companies.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 20.— The
first meeting of the session of the State
Board of Equalization, which will con
tinue for at least two months, was held to
day. Routine business was disposed of
and several interior counties were allowed
an extension of time. After considerable
discussion the following dates were set for
hearing the plaints of the various rail
road interests throughout the State should
they deem it advisable to present any: On
the 24th inst. the Geralala River, Califor
nia and Nevada and the San Francisco
and San Mateo roads; On the 25th the
Sierra Valley and Mohawk; on the 27th
the Carson and Colorado, the Nevada
County Narrow-gauge and the Northern
California and Oregon; on the 28th the
North Pacific Coast, the Pacific Coast and
Paiaro Valley; on tha 29th the Southern
California and the Atlantic and Pacific
on the 80th the San Francisco and North
Pacific; on the 3lst the Southern Pacific
system. On August 1 a hearing will be
accorded the Pullman Palace-car Com
pany.
Equalizers Beamer and Arnold were ap
pointed a committee to go to Oakland and
obtain certain important data required by
the board in the furtherance of its pro
ceedings.
State Hoard of Education.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 20.— At the
meeting of the State Board of Education
to-day, J. A. Gutberg of Los Angeles was
granted a life high-school diploma. As it
was ascertained that there were over 7000
old histories on band, the State Printing
Office was notified to cease printing them.
The price of the new grammar was fixed
at 47 cents, with 8 cents postage, so that it
is possible for students to obtain the book
for 55 cents. Professor Keyes was allowed
$750 for his review of this work, with |500
more to be paid upon the completion of
the grammar and the certification that it
has been revised in accordance with Dire
ctor Coffie's criticisms.
JAIL LIFE AT ENSENADA.
James E. Garratt's Sufferings While Con-
fined Without Cause in a Mexican
Dungeon.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., July 20.— A year and
fonr months in a Mexican prison, without
trial or right of bail and part of the time
in solitary confinement, is the experience
which James E. Garratt, a young
Canadian who arrived by steamer from
Ensenada this morning, has just passed
through. Garratt was arrested on March
22 of last year, charged witJ> complicity in
the theft of a gold bar valued at $12,800.
He was placed in jail in company with
Allan Pratt, a young Englishman, who
was bookkeeper for the firm that lost the
brick.
Garratt talked freely of his experience
to-day, and said that his release was not
due to the friendly offices of the Governor
of Lower California, Colonel Agustin San
gines, but in spite of him. No evidence of
any kind was ever found to even point to
ward GarraU or Pratt, and after this long
imprisonment both were released Satur
day.
"Were you ill-treated?" was asked of
Garratt.
"No; I was no t hanged up by toe
thumbs, as several poor devils were," he
replied, "bat I consider the whole thing
an outrage. I was in solitary confinement
many dayß, without the right to receive
visitors or letters, or to send word to the
outside world. I was sick and delirious
with the fearful stencfi from a horde of
drunken and vermin-infested Mexicans
and Indians, and the Governor would not
allow me to be moved or to receive better
care. I had to furnish my own bed and
board or 1 would have starved, as they
give only 20 cents in Mexican money per
day to prisoners for food. My lungs are
weakened and I am reduced, as you see, to
almost a skeleton, but I will pull through
all right."
"If you are a British subject, why didn't
you appeal to Great Britain?"
"I am a Mexican citizen and that cut off
ail intervention, and also cuts off all right
of indemnity for outrage. I went to
Mexico and invested and became a Mex
ican citizen, relying on the belief that
Mexico, under President Diaz, was an en
lightened and progressive country, where
lite and property were safe. The resnlt is
that my health is broken and my property
almost swept away. Ido not blame Diaz,
however, as I know it is the work of the
petty tyrants who car«-y on these outrages
without the knowledge of the general
Government.
"As soon as Diaz finds out about it, as I
intend he shall, there will be a shaking up
of dry bones among the Lower Cal. fornia
crew that will never be forgotten. I have
left there for good. I have disposed of ray
property at a sacrifice, and now I intend
to get back under the folds of the Union
Jack as soon as I can. If I am compelled
to go back to Enaenada in the future, I
shall take oot preliminary papers Of
American citizenship, and then 1 should
like to see them put a finger on me."
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Reported Capture of Butcher
Dunham by Mexican
Oificers.
The Contest of the Late George H.
Parker's Will to Be Reopened
in September.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 20.-W. T.
Wheeler, a Chinese aeent, furnishes the
latest report regarding the whereabouts of
Dunham, the escaped murderer of the Mc-
Glincy family at Campbells. A few days
ago he received a letter from his brother
in-law at Guayma?, Mexico, stating that
the Guaymas papers had just published a
telegram from Santa Ana, State of Sonora,
to the effect that Dunhani had been ar
rested by the Chief of Police of that place,
and that the murderer would 9oon be con
veyed to San Jose. No information has
yet been received by either the Chief of
Police or the Sheriff. The news may be
correct, for Santa Ana is far inland and
traveling to the nearest railway would be
necessarily slow.
Mr. Wheeler has always held to the
opinion th t Dunham, after leaving the
Santa Clara Valley, went to Mexico, pre
sumably by water. He hes sent scores of
San Jose papers, containing Dunham's
description and an account of the murder,
to friends and relatives in the principal
towns along the upper Mexican coast, and
states that the people in those sections are
now well posted and are on the lookout
for the murderer.
FIGHTING FOR PARKER'S WEALTH
Date Set for the Second Trial of the Will
Contest.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 20.— The second
trial of the contest of the will of the late
George H. Parker, inaugurated by Emma
L. Parker, widow of Edward L. Parker, a
son of the deceased, was this morning set
for September 1 by Judge Reynolds. The
first trial resulted in a disagreement, the
juiy being seven in favor of the wili stand
ing to five against.
The Parker estate is valued at over $300,
--000. Parker died in this city in 1893, and
left his son, Edward L. Parker, who had
married against his father's wisb, a
monthly income of $300. the estate being
held in trust The son lived about a year
after his father, and at his deat h his widow
began a contest of the will. The contest
ant is represented by Nicholas Bowden,
Van R. Paterson and T. C. Coogan of San
Francisco. F. E. Spencer, D. W. Burch
ard and Del mas & Shortridge ar« attor
neys for respondents.
Charged With Attempt to Murder.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 20.— Isador
Salazar, the ex-convict, who made a
murderous attack with a knife upon John
Nelson last evening, has been charged
with attempt to commit mnrder. He will
be arraigned to-morrow. Nelson received
four Knife wounds, but will recover.
Sons of St. George delegates.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 20.— The Sons of
St. George of this city have elected Henry
Tregoning and James U. Spence dele
gates to the Pacific Coast jurisdiction of
the Sons of St. George, which meets in
San Francisco on Juiy 28.
Admission Day Regatta.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 20.— Chairman
Grunsky of the Admission day amuse
ment committee to-day sent to President
Humphrey of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion the ultimatum of the committee as to
what it would do toward bringing the
boat crews ami single-scull men from Sau
Francisco to participate in the Admission
day regatta. The statement to the Pacific
Athletic Association recites the fact that
at least $.';00 will be appropriated for cups
and medals for the oarsmen. The com
mittee refuses to pay transportation of the
crews to Stockton and back to San Fran
cisco, believing that the offer of valuable
prizes is quite enough.
TROUBLE BREWING
AT LOS ANGELES,
Trustee Mitchell of the
Whittier School Warns
Patterson.
SAYS HE WAS INSULTED
Will Make His Colleague Rue
the Day he "Rushed Into
Print"
STATEMENT TO THE PUBLIC.
Defends Himself and Wife From Those
Who Seek to Impugn Their
Motives-
Los Angiles Office of Thk Call,)
328 Bouth Bkoaoway. V
Los Angeles, Cal., July 20. }
The Whittier State Reform School fight
between Trustees Patterson and Mitchell
took a new turn to-day. Lawyer Mitchell
returned from San Francisco, where he
took an active part in the organization of
the Democratic State Central Committee,
and for the hrst time saw Trustee Patter
son's long explanation of the motives
which have, according to Patterson's
view, impelled Mm. Mitchell to instigate
the late investigation into the manage
ment of the institution.
The fiery Democrat from Cahuenga
when questioned as to the Patterson letter
to the public said:
"I shall henceforth deal with Mr. Pat
terson., owing to his personal attack upon
myself and wife, and if I mistake not I
shall make him rue the day he rushed
into print in this personal and insulting
manner."
This evening Mitchell handed the cor
respondents and local reperters the fol
lowing:
Upon my return from San Francisco my at
tention was called to the communication of
W. C. Patterson. Neither Mrs. Mitchell nor
myself will deign to notice this contemptible
personal attack further than to say that It la
but part of his plans to stop the pending in
vestigution forced by Mrs. Mitchell, an 1 an en
deavor on his part to draw the attention of
the public from the disclosures of brutality
and mismanagement at the W'hittier State
School, for which be is in a great measure re
sponsible and is now the apologist. Every
statement made by him which might he con
strued as derogatory is absolutely and un
equivocally false, and he knew it to be false
when he made it. John W. Mitchell.
LONG BEACH ASSEMBLY.
Equal Suffragists lielivr Addresses to
the Chautauquans.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 29.— The fe
male suffragists had an inning at the
Chautauqna Assembly at Long Beach to
day, both the afternoon and evening ses
sions being devoted to addresses in the in
terests of the movement.
Rev. Anna Shaw was heard in the even
ing and made one of her forcible presenta
tions of the cause of her sex. She said
that every one would admit that worne n
were more moral than men, and that th c
great moral force of the world was woman .
kind.
The experience in States where women
voted had shown that while women were
not so strongly partisan as men they com
pelled both political parties to put
in nomination men of good moral
character. Because women were
more peaceable than men many
said that this was an argument
against woman's enfranchisement, be
cause ballots and bayonets went together.
This might be true if all there was of war
wa3 the fighting, but the burden of main
taining the army in the field and the fam
ily at home rested on woman.
Miss Shaw called attention to the fact
that this was the only nation which has
erected no monuments to the women of
war.
Rev. Carlos Martyn spoke in favor of
female suffrage at the afternoon session.
RATES DECLARED INSANE.
Will Xot Be Tried for the Murder of
Tiro Japanese.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 20. — The
jury impaneled to try Samuel Raten, who
murdered two Japanese near here last
winter, was discharged by Judge Hinkson
this morning. The court stated that a let
ter had been received from Dr. Heisholtof
the Stockton Insane Asylum stating chat
Raten was hopelessly insane.
Simon Raten killed James Lansing of
this city several years ago and was sent to
Folsom for life, but was subsequently par
doned. After roaming around the coun
try for several months he shot and killed
two Japanese with whom he was tramp*
ing. He was pronounced insane by a jury
and sent to Stockton.
FESION IN WASHINGTON.
Efforts to Cement the Opposition to Re
publicanism.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 20. -What will
no doubt be the most interesting political
powwow in the history of this State is
booked to occur at Ellensburg on August
12. Democrats and Populists will each
hold a State convention there, and an
effort Is to be made to have the i' ree Silver
Republican party bold its convention at
ttie same time and place, with a view to a
combination of forces against the regular
Republican ticket. The Democrats are
endeavoring to have James Hamilton
Lewis put up as the representative of this
triple alliance in the gubernatorial race,
and the Populists hope to see J. H. Todd
secure the nomination, while the free sil
ver Republicans expect to profit by a dead
lock and throw the prize to one of their
members.
Pacific Grove's Chautauqua.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 20.— The
Chantauqua Assembly resumed its session
this morning. The forum hour was taken
up by Edward Berwick, who talked on
"Silver" in all its phases and gave some
original ideas to the Chautauqua mem
bers. W. H. Hammond delivered a lecture
in the afternoon on "The Weather," and
in the evening Susan B. Anthony gave an
interesting address on equal suffrage and
kindred topics. To-morrow will be closing
day. The Knickerbocker Male' Quartet of
San Francisco, Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen
and others will assist in the final concert
in the evening.
Suicide at franktourn.
CARSON, Niv., July 20.— Grace Read of
Franktown, a small place about seven
miles from here, committed suicide yester
day by deinkiug six ounces of carbolic
acid, dying almost immediately. She had
recently secured a divorce from a man
named Wood.
Sudden Death of a Xew York Bithop.
BUFFALO, N. V., July 20.— A dispatch
from Clifton Springs, N. V., announces
the death of Right Rev. Arthur Cleveland
Coxe, Episcopal Bishop of Western New
York, at the sanitarium in that place this
afternoon. He left this city for the springs
about two weeks ago for a rest. The
Bishop was in comparatively good health
at noon to-day and was preparing to leave
the sanitarium for Buffalo. Snortly be
fore 3 o'clock be was suddenly attacked
with severe pains and died in a few
minutes.
GOVERNOR RUSSELL'S FUNERAL.
President Cleveland and Joseph Jefferson
Among the Mourners.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 20.— The
uneral services over the remains of ex-
Governor William E. Russell were held to
day. At 10:30 a. M. private services were
conducted at the late residence of the de
ceased by the Rev. Alexander McKenzie
of the Shepherd Memorial Church, the
late Governor's pastor. The body was
then taken to the City Hall, where the re
mains lay in state from 12 to 3 o'clock and
were viewed by thousands of people.
President Cleveland, accompanied by
Joseph Jefferson, arrived in Boston at
12:50 o'clock this afternoon. The party
was driven direct to the Somerset Club,
where luncheon was served, after which
the party went to Cambridge injearriagei*.
The final services were held at Shepard
Memorial Church about 4p. m. The sing
ing at the church was by an augmented
choir taken from the boys' choirs^jf St.
Paul's Church of Boston, the Appiston
Chapel and Christ's Church of Cambridge,
assisted by the Albion male quartet of
Boston.
The services were brief and simple, con
sisting, in addition to the singing, of Scrip
tural readings and a prayer by the pastor,
Rev. Dr. Alexander McKenzie.
After the remains had been deposited in
the receiving vault President Cleveland
and Mr. Jefterson returned to Buzzards
Bay.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Prominent Caltfornians at Washington.
*etc Postofflce— Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 20.— Ex-
Representative Caminetti of Araador and
T. T. Lane of Angels Camp, California,
were in Washington to-night. They were
delegates to the Chicago convention and
afterward spent several days in St. Louis,
and will look in at the Populist conven
tion.
A postoffice was established to-day at
Ponkiny, Mendocino County, Cal., and
William Bonce appointed Postmaster.
Pacific Coast pensions were issued as
follows:
California: Original— William H. Pratt.
San Francisco; Theodore Woods. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles; Samuel A. Hopkins,
Bridgeport; Isidore Lamoreaux, Clayton.
Renewal and increase — David G. Mitchel,
Riverside. Increase — William T. Gooding,
Los Angeles. Original, widow — Augusta
L. Bishop, San Francisco.
Oregon : Original — J. Esper Luper, at
Dalles; Moses E. Thompson, Portland.
Increase — Andrew J. Byers, Independence.
Original, widow— Sarah M. Mobier, Mount
Tabor.
THE "LONG MAN" CAUGHT.
Was About to Start for Milwaukee to Be
Married.
CHICAGO. 111., July 20.— James Rich
ards, alias several other names, better
known as the famous "long man" of the
gang of bandits which has been terrorizing
this city for the past two months, and
whose companions were captured in De
troit Saturday, was placed under arrest in
this city late to-night.
He was found in a bouth-side t»avilion
sitting with a young woman who had re
turned from Detroit with .him. She tells
the police she has known him for some
time and that be brought her here,
whence they were to start for Milwaukee
in the morning to be married.
AMOKE OVERCOMES FIREMEN.
Twenly-Jhree Men Knocked Out at a
Chicago Conflagration.
CHICAGO, 111., July 20.— Twenty-three
firemen were overcome by smoke while
fighting fire in the basement of a commis
sion-house in West Randolph street late
to-night.
The fire was a difficult one to get at and
several companies had to be sent inside
the building. Of the men overcome five
ore in f dangerous condition, but it is not
thought that any of them will die.
The rest revived in a few minutes. They
will experience no serious effects after a
day's rest. The pecuniary loss was small.
BIG FIRE AT ASHTABOLA.
Ten fine Buildings Destroyed and
Several fire-men Injured.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 20.— A fire
originating in a livery stable at Ashtabula
destroyed tea buildings to-day and dam
aged three others. Among those destroyed
was the Ducre block, the finest structure
in the city.
Several firemen were badly injured.
Three men were carried unconscious fro m
the building. The total loss is $50,000;
partially insured.
Destroyed by fire.
HENDERSON, Ky., July 20. — The
Pythian building, Park Theater and Bar
rett House were destroyed by fire early
this morning. Loss $250,000. "The guests
lost all their effects.
fire at ban Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 20.— An unoc
cupied house belonging to Henry Craven
at 478 Marliere street was destroyed by fire
at an early hour this morning. The loss
is $1000, with $400 insurance. The tire was
of incendiary origin.
STOCKTON BANKS LOSE,
County Supervisors Refuse to
Strike Out an Arbitrary
Assessment
Await a Supreme Court Decision on
a Stanislaus County
Appeal. *
STOCKTON, Cal., July 20.— was
the last day on which the Board of Super
visors, acting as the County Board of
Equalization, could wipe out the heavy
assessment of nearly $700,000 made by
Assessor Ortman on the stock of the First
National Bank of this city, and it refused
to do so. This is the first time that such
assessment has been attempted- here and
it raised a storm among i the bankers.
President -Hewlett of the First National
Bank at once petitioned the Board of
Supervisors to strike the arbitrary assess
ment from trie roll.
■ The opinion of District Attorney Nutter
was asked for by the board to-day. He
gave it in writing this afternoon. Nutter
recited the fact that Attorney-General
Fitzgerald had advised the State Board of
Equalization that County Assessors bad a
W&u tO 'Jf? -!; he , stock of national banks
held by individuals and cited the case in
Stanislaus County, where Assessor Camp
bell levied an assessment on the stock of
a national ban l and when the Tax Col
lector was enjoined from , collecting it
Judge Minor decided .in his favor. The
case is now before the Supreme Court, and
twSVLV unßßttl ecl legal, status the
District Attorney advised the board to let
the assessment stand.
President Hewlett was on hand to pro
test against such action, but the Super
visors refused to alter the assessment and
the bankers went away disgruntled. : It is
probable ; that a - decision will be ■■ handed
down »by the Supreme Court before the
time for collection of taxes arrives, bat if
not the First National Bank will probably
bring suit to prevent their collection.
THE VENEZUELAN CASE.
Counsel Storrow Prepares an Im
portant Brief Against
Great Britain.
Accuses That Government of Forgery
in Connection With the Schom
burg Line.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 20.—Vene
zuela's brief prepared by Counsel Storrow
and presented to the Venezuelan Commis
sion as well as to the British counsel to
day, is the most important paper that has
so far appeared in the case. Mr. Storrow
demonstrates there never had been any
British sovereignty in the disputed ter
ritory; that the Uutch never gained the
slightest foothold in the Orinoco basin
and therefore never transferred what did
not exist to Great Britain, and caps hia
argument by demonstrating that the
Schoni burg line, as held by Lord Salis
bury, was a forgery perpetrated by the
British Government twenty years after
Schomburg's death.
Mr. Storrow says the British claim has
confessedly no basis except occupation,
and the rules of law applied even to the
facts alleged not only give no support to
the British attempt to extend the boun
dary, but are specifically and affirmatively
fatal to it. He demolishes the so-called
temporary posts In the Cuyuni Basin and
at Barrina Point by showing that they
were trading-stations quickly destroyed by
the Spanish, who maintained sovereignty
over the region, and proves that the actual
settlements of the Dutch and Spanish were
always separated by 150 miles of forest.
The Oregon boundary case, which made
much international law, is applied by
Counsel Storrow to the existing dispute,
and the Britisn arguments in that case
are tu^ed against Salisbury's present
contentions by showing that while private
occupation may in time give a private
title, no occupation can create sovereign
dominion unless it be directly authorized
or adopted by his Government at the out
set and for the announced purpose of ac
quiring sovereignty.
Mr. Siorrow refers to the Schomburg
line and traces its history. Incidentally
he finds that the British blue book leaves
part of a sentence out of Schomburg's
memoir therein quoted, which shows that
Schomburg had no idea his line would
amount to anything until its termini at
least was agreed upon by the disputants.
Venezuela never agreed to any of it. The
lines marked by Schomburg on the'maps
published by himself and by the Govern
ment were declared at the outset to be the
definition of the British claim and merely
a basis for discussion; but now, says Mr.
Storrow, no discustion will be permitted
within that case by Great Britain as to the
territory within that line, and all that
will be submitted to arbitration is terri
tory formerly claimed far outside of it.
NEW TO-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Bilious and Nervous dlsorders,such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness ot Breath, Cos-
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, 4c, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. . Every sufferer is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they -will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won-
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring tho long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy ot
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the beat guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Beecham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxet
25c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by V.B.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
Xork, post paid, upon receipt ot price. Book
, free upon application. ' -::- ,-■
DR.MCMLTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPK-
X clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stops
Discharges; cares secret Blood and Skin Disease*.
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood. ■
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects, Lossof Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. .
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
•■• Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough .
medical treatment. Hit Xew Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases tent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured »t Home. Terms
reasonable.
Hours— 9 to 3 dclly; 630 to 8:80 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and ■*■
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. ROSCOK MoNULTT, 31. D.,
. 96% Koarny St. , San Cisco, CaL
fiar Beware of strangers who try to talk to yon
. about your disease on the street* or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
MEN°"AuE.h
j^— —^^ Quickly, Thoroughly,
Jy" c&3 Forever ' Cared.
f JfBC**N. Four out of five who
ff S^VNi t >> \ suffer nervousness,
« R i^l^ \\ ]l mental worry, attacks
i iJ^Si jj of "the bines, "are but
\ ffliuJ^K^ it Par ie Penalty of
\w'i fes&sssdf . early excesses. Vie
tlmSt reclaim your
"■"""7. manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed)'free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
friilfs Mai Teietahlß Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Btom * ch ' Pimnlea, and
purify the Wood. «*•*"«■» »»»
Ul ÜbbUldlL Opblllb llaluL U
3£*gM*fa remedy persons can ' cure themselves
without the . least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to th«
constitution. Ask your druggist for it trie* 91 *
■Kite v .EXODUS FROM
COOK'S ISLET,
Returning Miners Crowd
Every Vessel From
Alaska.
HAVE FOUND NO GOLD.
Men Who Inaugurated the Boom
Are Threatened With
Lynching.
HUNDREDS ARE PENNILESS.
They Declare the Boasted El Dorado
Is Barren of Hidden
Wealth.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 20.— Eighty-two
prospectors who left Cook's Inlet as late as
June 25, are ready to vote that much
vaunted country one of the greatest min
ing fakes ever boomed in the West. By
the steamships Willapa and Al-Ki, which
arrived from the north this morning, a
majority of these miners reached this city.
More will come on the next steamer. A
few fonnd work in Juneau, and a half
dozen got work at Kodiak. Prospectors
are now flocking from the inlet by every
kind of craft they can get away in. The
schooner Port Admiral left there on June
22 with all it could carry for Seattle, but it
has not reached this port.
Among all the 2000 or more gold seekers
who went up in the spring, not a single
man, these returned miners declare, had
up to June 25, found a claim that justified
working. At least a dozen of the disap
pointed men arriving here to-day were
interviewed, and all told the same Btory.
Not one could be found who had a single
sample of gold dust with him. Of work
at the inlet there was none. Men offered
to work for those having what tney called
good claims for $1 to $1 50 a day, supply
their own tools and board themselves, but
could get nothing to do.
Indignation has been running high
against the few men instrumental in get
ting the rush started last spring. Among
these are Dusey & Ladd of San Francisco
and Wakerield & Jefferson of Seattle.
Ladd runs a nsh-saiting station; Dnsey a
store at Sunrise City. They carried up a
lot of southerners on the Albion. Wake
fieid & Jefferson carried people on the
Lakme from Seattle. Threats of lynching
Dusey, Wakerield and Jefferson were
freely made. Dusey became alarmed,
told his store and quietly left the inlet,
and is said to have hidden in the hills
somewnere near Kodiak. Wakefield, who
came out some time ago, was met ut Sitka
by returning prospectors, and was advised
to turn back. He persisted in going on,
and was warned to be on the lookout.
*'l hope that nothing will happen to
him," said Charles Hicks, owner of a ma
chine shop and foundry in tnis city, and
who is one of the returning parties to-day;
'•but I am very much afraid that Wake
field will never come back." Almost the
same thing was said by others.
Among the men here to-night from
Cook's Inlet are J. C. Brockway, oneßof
seven from San Diego who formed the San
Diego Mining Company and spent about
$3000 in outfitting; C. H. Anderson of
Colorado, Ed. Tevlin of Montana, J. A.
Mathhorn, Olaf Woodhouse, T. W. Stone
of Salem, Charles Morgan, Jack Perkins
of this city, ail of whom are old miners.
These men say that from 600 to 700 men
at the inlet have not money to get out of
the country, and there is no way of earn
ing it. One stranded Oregon crowd offered
to work for $1 50 a day to earn money to
bring them out. They could not get it.
At Sitka the men called on Governor
Sneakley and laid the case of the stranded
men before him. The Governor said he
would have to send a relief vessel to bring
them out.
TLere is plenty of provisions there yet.
Flour sold as low as 50 cents a sack, |
Brockway of San Diego sold his provisions
for less money than paid for them in San
Francisco, and out of about $600 spent for
his outfit did not get back a cent. He
leaves for San Diego in the morning.
Hicks said :
"I place the gross outlay paid by men
going in there at $150,000,' and scarcely
any of this sum was got back. There
never was a better body of men together
than those who went to the inlet. They
set to work and worked hard, and if there
was any gold there they would have dis
covered it. The country has been given
good prospecting for 200 cr 300 miles
around the inlet and there's nothing there.
"I took up three claims on Canyon CreeK,
prospecting about thirty-five days in all,
andbrought bacK just 18 cents. I'll sell the
three claims for two bits to-day. The men
braved all kinds of dangers and prospected
every water-course. The Shushitna, Bhu
witna, Kaneal and Indian rivers, Chilkaru,
Kanic and Seattle creeks and all the other
creeks were prospected thoroughly with
out success. They worked for bedrock,
and thousands of holes were sunk at enor
mous labor and privation. I spent an en
tire day washing sand, and secured but
five colors. None of the men can possibly
make the costs of the trip, for the gold is
not in the country. Many of the men
thawed out their prospect holes with fires
built in them to get the frost out of the
ground, so anxious were they to get bed
rock."
RETURNING TO T A COMA.
Penniless Miner* Denounce the Alatfca
Gold- Country Roomer*.
TACOMA. Wash., July 20.— Forty dis
heartened miners have arrived to-day
from Cooks Inlet, and as many more who
accompanied them to Junean decided to
try their fortunes in other parts of Alaska.
Henry Brown, one of a large party which
went North on the schooner Helen and
May, says that after remaining at Cooks
Inlet for two months prospecting in and
around Sunrise City it suddenly dawned
upon them that they were the victims of
vessel-owners and their allies, who had
held out such promising inducements re
garding wealth at Cooks Inlet.
Brown is returning to his home in Penn
sylvania, which he left in February. He
says that up to the time he left Sunrise
City (June 20) the snow was so deep that it
was nn possible to prospect or work claims
if found. About 2500 prospectors now at
tiie inlet are compelled to do their pros
penting on snow&hoes. A large number of
these men went into the country with
supplies enough to last them only a
month, expecting to find gold enough to
pay their way through the season. They
are now stranded and have to depend upoh
their more fortunate comrades for the
necessities of life. They claim that such
men as George Beade, George W. Carpen
ter and a man named Wakerield of Seattle
are responsible for their trouble and very
strong talk la indulged in by those who
have been allured into going* ao far with
no chance of making expenses.
A large number of these men are in
debted to the Alaska Commercial Com
pany for supplies, and are obliged to
work for the company in payment. Brown
says the Commercial Company has the
whole country "located," and what little
poldis taken out has to be divided with it.
.Little sickness is reported, but deaths
have occurred from drowning in Turn
ajjain Arm. Men are going out of the
country an fast as they can, and much
distress will be experienced before winter
sets in.
Brown, who claims to be familiar with
coal mining, says the coal fields of Cooks
Iniet are similar to the gold fields— no
good. The next steamer from the inlet will
bring down 100 stranded miners.
ASTRONOMICAL EXPEDITION.
Scientists Leave Chicago for Arizona and
Mexico to Study the Wonders of
the Heavens.
CHICAGO, 111., July 20.— The princi
pals in an astronomical expedition which
men of science say is the most important
one plannea for more than half a century
left Chicago last night for Flagstaff, Ariz.,
to go eventually to Mexico. These gentle
men carried with them the best lens in
the world, those of the Lick telescope and
of the unfinished Yerites telescope ex
cepted. With the favorable atmospheric
and climatic conditions to be found in
Arizona and in Mexico, the best known to
astronomers on this continent, they expect
to add volumes to the history of the
planet Mars and to make the most system
atic survey ever attempted of the si '.ereal
systems which whirl through space around
the southern hemisphere.
Percival Lowell of Boston heads the ex
pedition. He will make observations on
Mars. Dr. T. J. See of the University of
Chicago goes along to study the stars, par
ticularly the double ones, and to make a
complete survey of the southern heavens —
an almost virgin field for the astronomer.
Lowell will be assisted by A. E. Douglass,
formerly of Harvard, and W. A. CogsualJ
of Grand Rapids, .Mich. D. A. Drew,
formerly of the University of Chicago, will
assist Dr. See.
Last, but not least, is Alvan G. Clark,
the only surviving member of the old op
tical instrument-making firm of Cam
bridge, Mass. He goes to set up the new
24-inch telescope and may remain some
time with the expedition.
Professors Barnard and Burnham hope
for excellent results from this expedition.
It is on a larger scale, they say, and bet
ter equipped than any before attempted.
BANKERS TO THE RESCUE
Will Subscribe $20,000,000 to
Protect the Treasury Gold
Reserve.
No Immediate Cav e for Alarm, bat
Another Bond Issue May
Bs Necessary.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 20.-Steps
were taken to-day to unite the principal
National banks of this city in a movement
to protect the Government gold reserve.
Recent large withdrawals of gold from the
sub- treasury lor shipment to Europe, the
disposition manifested in certain financial
quarters to hoard the yellow metal, and
the panicky condition of the stock market
have caused some serious discussions
among observant and public - spirited
financiers within the past few days.
Although no formal conferences were
held, some of the leading bank presidents
exchanged views and the conclusion was
reached that the aituation warranted ac
tion on the part of the banks, such as
would allay public fears and revive con
fidence in the stability of values.
Therefore, an earnest effort was made to
get the New York banks to put $20,000,000
of gold into the sub-treasury in exenange
for legal tenders.
F. D. Tappan, president of the Gallatin
National Bank, called at several of the
banks downtown this morning, and pro
posed that as many of the banks as possi
ble enter into an agreement to supply
gold enough to the sub-treasury to carry
the reserve above the $100,000,000 mark.
Mr. Tappan's mission was eminently suc
cessful. He found nearly all of his fellow
bank presidents heartily in accord with
the proposition submitted, and at noon he
was able to say :
"I am surprised and gratified at the
readiness with which the requests for gold
contributions have been complied witn."
For the reason that all of the banks
called on have not yet acted, Mr. Tappan
and the bank presidents who were most
active in their co-ooeration were disin
clined this evening to say how much gold
had been pledged to the sub-treasury.
'•You may say," said one the presidents,
"that there will be no trouble raising $12,
--000,000 or $15,000,000, and perhaps $20,000,
--000, to aid in maintaining the Treasury
gold reserve. Pledges were secured for at
least $15,000,000."
Henry W. Cannon, president of the
Chase National Bank and formerly Comp
troller of the Currency, in an interview
to-night regarding the large withdrawals
of gold from the sub- treasury, said :
"I regret to see gold shipments at this
time, but there ie no need of people get
ting nervous or sacrificing their securities.
With $90,000,000 in the treasury gold re
serve I see no causa for worrying. Mr.
Cleveland will be President until March 4
next, and I am satisfied that so long as he
is President he will not permit this coun
try to suspend gold payments. We have
a low range of prices at this time, but we
have an easy mouev market."
WASHINGTON." D. C, July 20.-The
gold reserve to-day declined to $89,761,336,
with withdrawals at $3,708,300, of which
$3,030,000 was for export. The large
amount of $676,000, taken presumably for
"hoarding" purposes, was regarded un
iavorably by treasury officials.
A reassuring rumor which reached here
to t'.e effect that the New York National
banks have formed a pool and will turn
into the treasury a large amount in gold
for legal tenders was well received at the
treasury. It was pointed out that they
were amply able to <io so.
In view of the fact that the treasury has
lost, since July 1. $13,000,000 in gold, and
present indications point to further with
drawals this week, officials who have had
confidential relations with all former bond
issues say that it will be much easier and
more advantageous to the Government, if
a bond issue has to be made, to do it be
fore the gold reserve reaches the limit of
$150,000,000. If the National banks come
to the relief of the treasury a bond issue
may be averted, at least for the next few
months.
DR. JAMESON ON TRIAL.
The Transvaal Raider and. Hi* Follow-
er* Arraigned.
LONDON, Eng., July 20.— The trial of
Dr. Jameson and his fellow-officers in the
Transvaal raid, Hon. Henry F. Covertry,
Major White. Major Sir John Willougbby
and Colonel Grey, who were indicted by
the Grand Jury for a violation of the for
eign enlistment act, beean this morning
in the Queen's Bench District of the High
Court of Justice before the three Judges.
Lord Russell of Killowen, Lord Chief
Justice of England Sir Henry Hawkins
'{presiding) and Baron Pollock. The
courtroom was crowded with friends of the
accused. Sir Edward Clarke, the senior
counsel for the defense, began by moving
that the indictment be quashed, upon the
ground that the case did not come under
the operation of the foreign enlistment act,
in which the defendants were charged.
Bir E. Webster, the Attorney-General, re
plied on behalf of the prosecution. The
court then adjourned.
Slaughter of Christian*.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, July 20.—
Serious disturbances occurred at Niskar,
in the vilayet of Sivas, between Mussul
mans and Armenian Christians. Sixty of
the former and 340 of the latter were killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
"TRIBULATIONS
OF THE TRUTH,"
Father Yorke Addresses a
Large Audience in
Oakland.
EULOGIZES DR. WENDTE
The Catholic Champion Depre
cates Discrimination in
the Schools.
MAJOR SHERMAN UNDER FIRE.
Statements Alleged to Have Been
Maliciously Fabricated Denounced
and Ridiculed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— The Mac
donough Theater was crowded to-night.
The announcement that Rev. P. C. Yorke,
editor of the Monitor, was to lecture on
"Tribulations of the Truth" brought to
gether a large audience from all parts of
the county. But for the local law prohib
iting sitting in the aisles the audience
would have been much larger.
Rev. Dr. Friedlander of the First He
brew congregation was chairman of the
eveuing, and in a brief speech he intro
duced the lecturer.
After a musical number Rev. P. C.
Yorke faced his hearers, who were as
closely seated in the balcony and pallery
as on the lower floor. The speaker referred
to the subject of the recent controversy
and said that there were controversialists
who were fair and some who were unfair
and some who were ignorant and some
who were intelligent. From the category
of the ignorant and tne unfair he said he
wanted to exclude very clearly Rev. Dr.
Wendte of the First Unitarian Church.
"Dr. Wendte has brains and courage,"
saiii the lecturer, "and although in the
heat of debate I may have made some
pointed statements about him, 1 must say
that I respect him.
"It would take me more than one night
to recapitulate even the captions of the
tribulations that the truth has sustained
since Protestants commenced to reform
her. However, I can refer to a few that
are uppermost,"
Father Yorke referred to the many
phases of the opposition to the Catholic
j church that had characterized the exist
| ence of the A. P. A. "Perhaps the worst
and most despicable was the so-called en
cyclical that was made public some
months ago, and which declared, over the
forged signature of the Pope, that on a cer
tain day all Catholics were to rise up and
slaughter Protestants.
"This thin^ was sent out from Oakland
offices and coalyitrds and was believed by
thousands of people in this city. Even
after ex-priest Slattery had pronounced it
a forgery it was not denied in the Prot
estant press, and those in Oakland who
had been most active in circulating it had
not the decency to deny it.
"When St. Mary's College burned down
j in Oakland there were some old muskets
I found in the basement. The college cadets
j in their drill used them, and they would
j be far more dangerous to the man at the
I lock than the one before the muzzie. A
i few days later Rev. Barton W. Perry of
I San Leandro sent a letter to the Occident
i o: San Francisco, in which he stated that
\ he and two others were eye-witnesses to
: the fact that 700 stands of arms were found
in St. Mary's, and that if the fire had not
providentially occurred all the Protestants
in Oakland might have been murdered in
their beds by the brothers and lads who
I were training at the college for battle, it is
true, but the|great battle of life.
"Now I want to refer to an Oakland
historian. I envy you your clean streets
and free air and the lovely hills surround
ing your city, but I do not begrudge a
man who poses as a Mexican veteran,
Major E. A. Sherman. Sherman has
posed as a truthful exhorter of Mexican
War history. I have sent to the War De
partment for some of the statistics that
Sherman claims to have, and I have here
the answers that show clearly that no
such records were kept."
Father Yorke then read some state
ments published by Major Sherman and
also the answers from the War Depart
ment. Continuing he said:
"Wben asked to act as an arbiter in the
affair that was before the public some
months ago, ami in which a Protestant min
ister figured, Sherman plainly stated that
he was not a member of the A. P. A. At
that very time his name appeared as a
delegate from Oakland to the State Coun
cil, held in San Franoisco, and so did that
of his son. I then found that there were
two E. A. Shermans and I congratulated
myself still more that I lived in San
Francisco.
"Now, let us come right home to some
thing that occurred among your Board of
Education in Oakland. The fiat went
forth from the A. P. A. councils that no
Catholic woman should be elected a
schoolteacher in the Oakland Scnool De
partment. The fact that the Catholics
pay their taxes cuts no figure at all. As a
result of the decree there are very few of
the teachers of your schools to-day who
are Catholics.
"I have here a private report of the judi
ciary committee of the State Council of
the A. P. a. In it two of your School Di
rectors, Charles G. Reed and J. W. Evans
are found guilty of having voted to elect
a Catholic lady to the office of school
teacher, and were ordered suspended.
"Another School Director, Webb N.
Pearce, was also tried, but as there was
not enough evidence against him he was
not punished. These are men known to
you. I know them not, but gve you my
w °™ l . °. f honor that this document from
which I am reading is authentic.
"Some time ago a statement appeared in
the Examiner and the Argonaut purport
ing to come out ol a book called 'The Ger
man boldier,' which is in the Free Library
of San Francisco. It there stated that the
percentage of Irish deserters during the
Civil War was Tl per cent. I looked at
every word of that book from cover to
cover and such a statement is not to be
found, it was a lie made out of whole
cloth, and the men who published it in
the Examiner and Argonaut knew it to be
such. It waß disproved by communica
tions with the War Department, as was
Major Sherman's falsehood tbat hundreds
of Irish Catholic soldiers were found in a
convent in Mexico that had deserted from
the Lnited States army.
"Friends, these are only a few of the
tribulations to which the truth has been
exposed. I cannot recite a tithe of the on
slaughts that have been made against it by
the A. P. A. who are actually teaching as
doctrine their belief that the Pope is hiding
in the chimney of the public schools ready
to come down as soon as the last patriot
has gone and elopj with the school
marrn.
Father Yorke then read a copy of the
A. P. A. oatn which was in use in August,
1894, and concluded by saying that tne
only way to subjugate such bigotry and
falsehood is to turn the searchlight on it.
"Nothing can hurt it more than itself,"
he said "let the people know its secrets,
its aims and treachery and the intelligence
of Americans and the power of God will
always bring out the truth as the victor."
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games tn the National League
Yesterday.
.". Clubs./ ? Won. Lost. t^J" u
Baltimore........ ........:. 49 24 ,'.671
Cincinnati. ■.......'..: 53 26 .670
Cleveland •••• 49 25 .662
Chicago..... ; ••"••• 46 38 .661
Boston 42 33 .560
Pittsburgh. 40 34 .540
New York. .........: 37 37 .500
Brooklyn , ••... 89 41 .487
Philadelphia "••-. »5 41 .460
Washington .....'.:.. 31 89 .442
Hi. Louis I..:............. 22 65 .285
Louisville •-... 17 55 .236
CHICAGO, 111., July 20.— The Chicagos won
the easiest kind of a game from Boston and
passed into fourth place. Attendance 8500.
Score: Chicagos— lo. 10, 1: Bostons— 3, 8, 5.
Batteries— Terry and Donahue, Lewis, Stivetts
and Tenney. Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 20.-Baltlmore-St. Louis
game postponed; wet grounds.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 20 Washington-
Cleveland game postponed; rain.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 20.— New York-
Cincinnati game postponed; wet grounds.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 20— Philadelphia-
Pi ttsburg game postponed; rain.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS.
Yesterday's Winner* at (he Aqueduct,
St. Lout* and Latonia Tracks.
AQUEDUCT, N. V., July 20.— Five furlongs,
Fannie B won, Sirocco second, Marsian third.
Time. 1:02^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Sir Francis won, Chug
nut second. Time, 1:53%. Only two started.
Five furlongs, Edna D won, Joe Hayman
second. Second Chance third. Time, 1 :C3^.
One mile, Marshall won. Mirage second, Tele
gram third. Time, 1 :43^.
Five furlongs, Tempestuous won, The Manx
man second, Myrtle L third. Time, 1 :03 U.
One mile, Premier won, Lambert second, De
fender third. Time, 1:44.
ST. LOOS, Mo., July 20.— Six furlonirs, Sal
lie Woodford won, Aunt Susie second, Lucetta
third. Time, 1:14^.
Seven furlongs, Kob Roy II won, Bravo sec
ond, Fasig third. Time. 1 :33.
One mile, Tower won, Jack Bradley second,
Royal Choice third. Time, 1 :47.
Five furlongs, Goshen won, Jack B second,
Searobber third. Time, 1:04.
One mile. Frontier won, Harry McCouch sec
ond, Bertha third. Time, 1 :45^.
LATONIA. Ky., July 20.— Seven furlongs,
Fretful won. Hotspur second, Hot Stuff third
Time,l:29?i.
Six furlongs, St. Helena won, Pam Tate sec
ond, Parson third. Time, 1:15%.
Five furlongs, True Light won, Alta Nero
second, Falsetto third. Time, 1:03.
One mile and seventy yards, John Havlin
won. Allegro second, Kingstone third. Time,
1 :*»o
Five and a half furlongs, Bobair won, Hats
Off second, Czarowitz third. Time, I:O9JS.
INTER NATIONAL CHESS.
Results of the First Round of the Tour
nament.
NUREMBERG. Germany, July 2.— The
first round of the international chess
tournament was begun this morning at 9
o'clock. At the time of adjournment, 1
p. m., the following results were achieved:
Schiffers beat Albin in a Zukertort opening,
after thirty-two moves.
Lasker beat Porges In a Ruy Lopez, after
thirty-seven moves.
Walbrodt and Schlechter drew a Scotch
gambit after fhirty-one mover
Janowski beat Marco in a Ruy Lopez after
thirty moves.
Steinitz beat Schallop In a Queen's ga:nbit
declined after forty-six moves.
The games of Tarraich vs. Maroczsy, Tuchi
gorin vs. Winawer, Cnarousek vs. Showalter
and Blackburn vs. Teischmann were adjourned
Pillsbury had a bye.
This evening Tschigorin beat Winawer in a
Vienna game after thirty-six moves.
Charousek beat Showalter in n King's gam
bit declined after fifty-four moves.
Tarrasch beat Maroczsy in a Queen's gam
bit declined after sixty-two moves.
Blackburn beat Teischmann in a two-knight
defense after thirty-seven moves.
CLEVER GLOVE CONTEST.
Honor* Even With Kid 'Lavigne and
Charlem McKeever. " '
NEW YOKK, N. V. ; July 20.— The six
round bout between "Kid" Lavigne and '.
Charles McKeever of Philadelphia, which i
took place in Madison-square Garden - to- j
night, was one of the cleverest and best |
ever witnessed in this city. The men j
mixed things in lively style from the very j
beginning, and when the gong sounded at !
the conclusion of the sixth round both
men were still fresh and full of fight.
McKeever's showing '■ suprised even his
friends. According to agreement, a de
cision was not rendered and tne merits of
the men were left to the spectators. There
were many cries of "McKeever" at the
conclusion of the contest, indicating that
in the opinion of many present he had
the best of the fight. Lavigne, however,
was still full of go, and, as he improves
rather than weakens in a long fight, the
outcome of a finish fight between the two
men is doubtful.
SAN JOSE TOURNAMENT.
Garden dtp Cycler* Secure the Inani
mate Target Association Meet.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 20.— Through the
efforts of the Garden City Cyclers' Gun
Club the annual shoot of the California j
Inanimate Target Association will be held I
in this city on October 4 and 5. The asso
ciation is composed of thirty gun clubs,
with a total membership of about 1000.
The shoot will be the largest ever held on
the coast and will be attended by marks
men from all parts of the State.
The Garden City Cyclers' Gun Club will
make elaborate arrangements for the re
ception and entertainment of the visitors.
liruiat Pugilistic Exhibition.
MEMPHIS, Tesn., July 20. — Billy
O'Donnell and John Lawson fought to a
finish here to-night at the Auditorium.
At the end of the twenty-eighth round
Lawson's eyes were closed and hia nose
stopped up so tbat he could hardly breathe
and his sponge went up. It was a rough
and tumble and nil of fouls.
Lorillard'* Magic Win*.
LONDON, England, July 20.— At Leices
ter to-day the Wigston two-year-old
selling plate of 150 sovereigns, five fur
lones, straight away, was won by P. Loril
lard's Magic; W. L. Sharpe's Red Nob
was second and Lord Crew's Mrs. Proudie
third.
Ci/rlist Johnson Break* a Record.
LONDON, England, July 20.— At the
Catford track to-day John 8. Johnson, the
American bicyclist, rode a kilometer, 3280
feet, in one minute and two-fifths seconds,
beating the record.
CHINA MUST PAY.
Cannot Commit Indignitie* Upon Amer
ican Missionaries for Kothing.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 20.— The Her
ald's special from \Vashington says: Not
only must China pay an indemnity for
outrages committed upon the American
missionaries in China, but the United
States will insist that adequate punish
ment be meted out to those concerned in
the riots. This is the position Secretary
Olney has assumed in connection with the
case of the outrage committed on the
American missionaries at Kiane Yin in
May last. According to the report of the
captain of the Boston the loss amounts to
about $10,000.
Voting Lutheran* Meet at MiUcauhee.
MILWAUKEE, Wia., July 20. — The
business session of the Walther League, a
national organization 01 young Luther
ans, commenced to-day with delegates
from forty branch societies in attendance.
The proceedings were conducted in the
German language. The reports of the
officers set forth that the necessity for the
league was shown by the rapid increase in
membership, the active co-operation which
has been given by the pastors and the
close relations which have been estab
lished with congregations.
INDIAN TEACHERS
TO CONVENE HERE,
Doctors and Instructors in
the Schools of Many
States.
A WEEK OF MEETINGS.
One Hundred and Fifty Coming
for the Convention to Open
August 3
METHODS TO BE DISCUSSED.
An Interesting Programme Already
Announced and Additions to
Be Made Later.
Teachers, doctors and other attaches of
the Indian schools of Washington, Ore
gon, Idaho, Nevada, California, Utah and
Arizona will assemble in San Francisco
for this year's annual convention, which
will be held throughout the week begin
ning August 3.
Between 150 and 160 persons will come
from different schools to attend the meet
ings and to take part in the programme
tbat has already been announced from
Washington, D. C, by W. N. Hailmann,
Superintendent of Indian Schools.
A special railroad rate of a fare and a
third for the round trip has been secured
for all those who shail attend. Arrange
ments have also been made whereby the
visitors may be accommodated at the
leading hotels at special rates.
Just where in this City the meetings
will be held has not yet been definitely
decided. Some of the details of the pro
gramme have also been left until they
may be more conveniently arranged after
the representatives have assembled.
Last nigbt David U. Betts and E. R.
and M. J. Gutchers arrived from Wads
worth, Nev., to be on the ground early.
They are at the Grand. Other teachers
may bo expected from time to time until
the opening of the convention. Mr. Betts
had little to say in regard to the work of
the prospective meetings beyond that out
lined in the programme, which is as
follows:
Monday.Augußt 3— Evening session,B o'clock.
Address of welcome, Professor Madison Bab-
I cock, City Superintendent of Schools, San
• Francisco; response, Dr. W. N. Hailmann,
[Superintendent of Indian Schools; "Duty of
i the Respective States with Reference to tne Ed
! ucation of the Indians within Their Borders,"
Hon. G. M. Irwin, Superintendent of Public
I Instruction. Salem, Or.
Tuesday, August 4— Morning session, 9 o'clock
"Industries of California Indians" (twenty
| minutes each), Captain W. E. Dougherty, act
; ing agent Hoopa Valley agency, Cal., and
Lieutenant Thomas Connolly, acting agent
Round Valley agency, Cal.
"Industries of Washington Indians" (twenty
minutes each), Daniel C. Gowan, agent, Tula
lip agency, Wash.; Dr. R. E. L. Newberne,
superintendent Puyallup School, Wash.
"Present Status of the Round Valley (Cal.)
; Indians" (twenty minutes). Miss Alice Eve
i land, seamstress, Round Valley School.
•'The Moquis" (twenty minutes), Ralph P.
| Colling, Euperintendent Kama Common
school, Ariz.
Evening session, 8 o'clock— "Self-help Among
Indians" (thirty minutes each). Edward
Ament, superintendent Greenville School, Cal.;
Harwood Hall, superintendent Phoenix School,
Aril.
Wednesday, August s— morning session, 9
o'clock — "'Education of Indian Girls" (twenty
minutes each), Margaret O'Brien, principal
teacher, Grande Ronde School, Or. ; Jessie
Cook, teacher, Pima School, Ariz. "Humane
Education In Indian Schools" (twenty min
utes), Mary Alice Reason, teacher, Ramona
Sohool, N. M.
Evening session, 8 o'clock— "The School
room, the Workshop and the Farm," Dr. W. H.
Winslow, Superintendent Fort Shaw School,
Mont.
Thursday. August 6, morning session, 9 o'clock.
■•School Sanitation" (twenty minutes each), Dr.
O. J. West, clerk and acting physician, Fort
L&pwai School, Idaho; Dr. A. L. Wilgus, phy
sician Yaktma agency. Wash.; Dr. A. J. New
combe, physician Fort Mojave School, Ariz.;
Dr. Thomas H. Breen, superintendent Fort
Lewis School, Colo. ; Dr. W. S. Johnson, phy
sician Salem School, Or.
Afternoon session— "Common Service In
Education," Dr. W. N. Haitman, superin
tendent Indian schools. Tnis address, at the
request of the San Francisco Board of Educa
tion, will be delivered before the teachers of
the public schools here.
Friday, August 7— Morning session, 9 o'clock.
11 How Can the Dormitory Be Made Cheerful and
Homelike?" (twenty minutes each), Josephine
Rakrstraw, matron Salem School, Or.;
Hoda W. Qulmby, matron Puyallup School,
Wash. The day school and the Indian home
(twenty minutes each), Helena Nicherson, day
school teacher Mission Agency, Cal.; Mrs. N. J
Salsbury, day school teacher, Mission Agency,
Cal.
Evening session, 8 o'clock— "Attitude of the
Sound Indians to Civilzatlon" (thirty minutes),
W. E. Weaglcy, superintendent Quinaielt
School, Wash. -'Common-sense in School Man
agement" (thirty minutes), Frank Brant Terry.
superintendent Chehalis School, Wash.
A programme for special department
meetings to be held each afternoon will be
arranged later. Such meetings will be
characterized by the fullest discussion of
methods.
Last year' 8 convention was held in Ta
coma, Wash.
COLONEL BUNGERFORD DEAD.
John W. Mackay'* father- in- Late Ends
Ml* Days in Home.
1 LONDON, Eng., July 20.— A dispatch
from" Rome Announces the death 'in . that
I city this morning of Daniel K. Hunger
ford, father of '>■ Mrs. John W. Mackay.
He has . been ill for some time and • his
death has been hourly expected for sev
eral days. _!__!___
1 Daniel K. Hungerford was born in New
York. V- At the outbreak of the Mexican
War he volunteered .his services and
served as captain. In 1854 he. came to
California • and 'located ." at : Downieville,
Sierra ; : County. For a while he worked as
druggist in a ; drugstore owned by C. D.
Aiken. When the rebellion broke out he
signified his intention of j serving, and in
1862 enlisted: as lieutenant-colonel of the
New York Sixty-mlh Regiment. Most of
the service he s»w was on the Potomac.
Sinee 1 the -' marrisze ■of • his . daughter to
John W. Mackay ;he ■ has resided in
Europe.
Great Music at Bayreuth.
BAYREUTH, Bavaria. July 20.— The
usual large audience assembled this after
noon in the Festspieihaus to hear "Die
Walkure," the secona part of Wagner's
tetrology, "Der Ring dcs Nibelungen."
The performance commenced at 4 o'clock
and concluded about 10, with an hours'
Children Cry for Pitcher's Caetoria.
interval for refreshments after the second
act. The presentation so-day was more
successful and more in accordance with
tne Wagner tradition than that of "Rhine
gold" yesterday.
CUB AN ATTACKS REPULSED.
But Re- enforcements Finally Turn the
Tide in Their Favor.
HAVANA. Cuba, July 20— The rebels
under Cleotilde Garcia attached the town
of Maca^ua, province of Matanzas, but
were repulsed. They returned to the at
tack, however, and were again compelled
to retreat. The local cavalry were sent in
pursuit of them, the intention being to
effectually break up the band. The in
surgents, while retreating, were unexpect
edly re-enforced by 500 other insurgents.
The combined force surrounded the
troops, who were thus placed on the de
fensive. The latter managed to cut their
way through the enemy's line and re
treated to Macagua, carrying with them
lour dead and four wounded.
WATER ON THE CUBAN WHEEL.
Eight Thousand Spanith Soldier* Art
on the Sick Lint,
MADRID, Spain, July 20.— a dispatch
to the imparcial from Havana says that
during the last ten days of June there
were 8000 invalids in the Spanish army in
Cuba, of which number 1300 were suffer
ing from yellow fever. The dispatch adds
that the ratio of deaths is increasing.
Cardinal Satolli.
ROME, Italy, July 20.— The United
Press learns from the Vatican that Mon
signor Satolli, who was recently created a
Cardinal, will retain his functions as apos
tolic delegate in th» United States until
the next Papal Consistory, when he will
come to Home and receive the Cardinal's
hut.
I>iscu*sing the Irish Land Bill.
LONDON, Eng., July 20.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day upon motion of Right
Hon. Arthur J. Balfour. the Government
leader, the 12 o'clock rule, under which the
House rises at midnight, was suspended
until the end of the session in order to fa
cilitate the discussion of the Irish Land
bill.
Bayard's Vacation.
LONDON, Eng., July 20.— Hon. Thomas
F. Bayard, American Embassador, left
London to-day on a month's leave of
absence. Part of his vacation will be
spent on a yachting cruise in Norwegian
waters.
AFTER THE MAYOR'S SCALP
Five Thousand Circulars Directed
Against His Road
Printed.
Western Addition Improvement Club
Claims That the People's Rights
Are Being Abused.
An important and largely attended
meeting of the Western Addition Im
provement Club was held last night.
All the members were there for much
business and little talk, as may be judged
by what follows.
Herewith is a copy of a communication
forwarded to the Supervisors:
Pan Francisco, Cal., July 20, 1896
To the Members of the Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisor*, City and Count;/ of San
Francisco, State of California— Gentlemen: At
a regular meeting ot the Western Addition
Improvement Club, held at Coakley's Hall on
the date last above written, the following or
der was adopted and ordered to be forwarded
to your honorable body for action, to wit:
To inform your honorable body that the
fence supposed to inclose the properly of the
estate of the late Judge Mcc, situate and
located on the northwest corner of Geary
street and Central avenue, is an ob
struction, it being located on the public thor
ou«rhfnre of Point Lobos and Central avenues.
We therefore ask that you have the same re
moved to the exact line of the property proper.
J. Ames Bowlan, President.
Richard O. Bliss, secretary.
There was but little discussion over the
following resolution, directed against
Mayor Sutro and his road, and 5000 pam
phlets were ordered printed for general
circulation in the district:
NOTICE.
As members of the Western Addition Im
provement Club we do hereDy earnestly asfc
your active support and co-operation in secur
ing the recognition of our rights, which we
claim, and justly, have been ignored by Mayor
Suiro's unfair and inconsistent arrangement
ol his electric road. The grievances we sub
mit to your consideration are as follows:
First— We pray that you demand that the
Sutro Railroad Company be compelled by law
to iive up to the terms of its franchise by re
quiring said company to make its terminal
point as set forth in the terras of its franchise
—the intersection of Geary street and central
avenue. By allowing this portion of the road
to remain idle Mayor Sutro not only subjects
himself to the accusation of gross inconsis
tency, but further than this he invalidates his
franchise. He has placed rails on said portion
of his road and so interfered with its grade
that all other traffic is greatly impeded. You
are doubtless aware that this portion of Cen
trnl avenue Is the natural outlet of all the
heavy teaming to and from the Richmond dis
trict. He has caused the grade, of this road to
be changed without any authority for so
doing.
It will be remembered that Mayor Ellert un
dertook the personal supervision of having the
rails torn ud on Bush street in a similar case
when the railway on that street was allowed
to remain in disuse.
We claim that Mayor Sutro, because of his
high municipal office, is taking an unjust ad
vantage of the taxpayers in this district. We
therefore suggest that prompt appeal be made
to the proper authority requiring Mayor Sutro
either to run his cars down to the terminal
point stipulated in his franchise or that he be
compelled to tear up his rails in this part of
Central avenue and restore the grade as it was
before he tampered with it.
We further desire to call your attention to
another matter which we believe strongly
evidences the inconsistent practical expres
sion of his self-lauaed public-spiritcdness.
This is his unjust treatment of the people of
Richmond in charging them a fare double
that required of the patrons of his line who
may reside in the central part of the City or
in towns across the bay. You will bear in
mind the promises he made publicly in Far
rell's Hall before the electric- road enterprise
had been ins; ituted and before he was raised
to the office ot Mayor. He then spoke in glow-
Ing terms oi the infinite good he desired to do
for the people and claimed that had he a road
he would charge two and a half cents instead
of five cents as a fare. He talked bitterly of
octopuses and declared hia eternal enmity to
such combinations.
Now we claim that after getting the con
fidence of our community he has directly
violated it and has ignored our former support.
He has formed a combination with the Sutter
street Company and virtual 1 }- demands a
double tare from the people living in the
Western Addition and along the line of his
road.
We would suggest to Mayor Sutro that inas
much as the Railroad Commissioners are about
to take action toward reducing the passenger
rates of the Market-street Railway Company
that now a splendid opportunity presents
itself for him to put into effect his reputed
solicitude for the public welfare and set an
example for all other railroad companies by
reducing the fare on his road to 234 cents
Mayor Sutro has laid the foundation for po
litical popularity in our community. We have
stood by him in the past. So far, we regret to
say, he has done us no particular benefit.
In conclusion, we pray you will exercise
your influence in whatever channel it will
prove most effective in requiring Mayor Sutro
to make good nis promises an^ give us what
we deserve and demand in the matter of re
duced fare, and to compel him to conform le
gally to the terms of his franchise relating to
the terminal point at the intersection of Geary
street arid Central avenue, or thereby forfeit
all right* on the part of Central avenue be
tween Sutter and Geary streets.
All the foregoing was unanimously adopted
at a meeting of the Western Addition Improve
ment Club, held at Coakley's Hal!, Geary
street, near Central avenue, on Monday, July
20, 1896, and it was further ordered tbat 5000
pamphlets be printed and distributed in the
district, and that a copy of the same be fur
nished to each and every newspaper in San
Francisco.
TO HAVE BROTHER
JOSEPH EVICTED,
A Spirited Contest Over
Hyde-Street Prop
erty.
THE BROTHERS BULLARD
A Sale Was Made, but the Elder
Sharer in the Property
Refused to Vacate.
ORDEK OF COURT IGNORED
The Story Begins With the Filing of a
Will Leaving All the Estate to
Joseph and $5 to the Other.
A piece of property on Hyde street,
wortn 18000 or $10,000, is causing the
brothers Bullard much bitter feeling, to
say nothing 01 the legal expense.
Joseph A. Bullard, the elder brother, is
in possession of the property in dispute,
and the incidents leading up to the suit in
ejectment to begin to-day make an inter
esting story.
In 1886 Joseph H. Bullard died, leaving
the Hyde-street propeity already men
tioned. Joseph A., the elder son, filed a
will for probate by the terms of which he
was left all the estate, his brothers, Wil
liam P. and Edward, being cut off with $5
ea^h.
William P., who is manager of the dray
ing and express firm of Collins, Lyon &
Kissane, and the younger brother, Ed
ward, contested it on the ground of un
due influence and fraud on the part of
Joseph A.
The court decided in favor of tha con
testants, and the judgment reversing the
probating of the will was finally affirmed
by the Supreme Court, deciding that the
property must be equally divided among
the three brothers.
While the litigation was going on Joseph
mortgaged his third interest and con
tinued to live in the old family residence,
having been appointed special adminis
trator to take care of the estate.
In 1894 the special letters issued to
Joseph A. were revoked by Judge Coffey
and eeneral letters were issued to Wil
liam P.
As the successful contestants lived in
houses of their own they allowed Joseph
to remain in the house out of pure charity,
as they say. There being claims against
the estate it was necessary to sell the prop
erty and the Probate Court made the re
quired order. The sale was made, but the
property could not be delivered. Joseph
held the fort and continues therein with
such persistence that evictment is the
only course left the younger heirs.
H. H. McPike is the attorney for W. P.
BulJard.
OVER A GAME OF CARDS.
Two Prominent Men, Close Friends, Quarrel
About the Deaf and One Kills
the Other.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., July 20. — A
trivial dispute Saturday night over a game
of cards between W. W. Haralson, auditor
of the Jacksonville, Tampa and Key West
Railroad, and Francis M. Ector, assistant
auditor of the same road, resulted in the
death of the later. The men were close
friends. They bad rooms in the Arling
ton Hotel, and passed nearly every even
ing in the reading-room playing cards.
Tney were engaged in their usual game
when a dispute arose about the deal.
Ector became greatly angered, and, re
marking to Haralson, "I don't want to
hear anything from you," threw the cards
on the door.
Haralson retorted that a man who would
not hear an explanation was a fool. Ector
clutched Haralson by the throat and re
ceived a blow in the face. He again ad
vanced, and as he did so Haralson brought
a heavy oaken chair down on his head,
felling him.
Physicians were called in, but Ector died
at 5 o'clock yesterday morning without
regaining consciousness. The tragedy has
caused great excitement owine; to the
prominence of the parties, and Haralson's
grief is pitiable. Haralson is a son or
nephew of Chief Justice John Haralson of
Alabama, who for years has presided as
moderator at Southern Baptist conven
tions.
Ector was one of the best known railway
men in the South, having been for a long -
time auditor of the Richmond and Dan
ville and Georgia Pacific roads. He was a
native of Atlanta, Ga.. and owned prop
erty there valued at $100,000.
Governor Altgrld's Legacy.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 20.— 8y the will of
John W. Lane hart, the lawyer, who died
last week, Governor Altgeld is bequeathed
about $45,000 worth of real estate. Mr.
Lanehart was Altgeld' s cousin, his partner
and confidential agent.
AN YOU AFFORD TO
have your lace and hands filled with pim-
ples and blood blotches? ' If you ' can— if
you want boils in your hair, on your face,
on your body, all over yourself— if you wish
great big sarsaparilla trademarks on your
iace — use a sarsaparilla containing iodide
of potassium. If you want a clean face, a
clean stomach, a clean body, use
j^i^ss Belts for. $30. -
£§^V -^P"*tf^?P§J Old-fashioned and poorly
«PrisG=&iifcg> ifffW made, can be had by pay-
S?RimQji3ErU7n!w^ Ing yonr money to electric
RtFlWr-'^^ 1 - belt '-quacks" and travel-
• j^Saßft^rV^ in X "fakers." '• For a first- ;
( ■ <jKf V - •' class article at a reasonable
2tTj> - price write or call for free
_■ ■ ■!,- vl* • ' copy of our new book. . JjR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco. ■
NOTARY PUBLIC.
iiHARLES H. . PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT.
\J law and Notary PubUc, 6!W Market at- . opno.
■lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. i'.e*ideae» ItUJ
56
Wkic dfkU
CHARLES M.SHORTRIDGE,
' Editor and Proprietor. '"
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Cam., oii)» week, by carrier. $0.15
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.C0
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three month* by mall 1-60
Dally and Sunday (am,, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11..... ..... 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by man I.M
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation * If
i*. It i* no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention, j
NO KXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
?1O Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone...... Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open OBtn
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark-In street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
kW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mm* street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
fcOB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
- DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent. —-.
TUESDAY JULY 21, 1896
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. j
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PBKSIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOR VICF-PRESIDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ET.KCTIOX NOYKMBKR 3, 1896.
Is your name on the register?
Foraker is coming West and the West
will meet him half way.
If the Populists indorse the deficit tariff
that will be the end of them.
The more the people think about Mr.
Bryan the less they think of him.
To intrust the cause of free silver to the
fiasco party would be to make it also a
fiasco.
The election of McKinley will not only
restore prosperity, but silence ihe calamity
howler.
Sewall's record doesn't promise easy
sailing for his party any more than for
his sailors.
The fruit crop in the East will be short,
but California can make up the deficit and
the people won't suffer.
The People's party may possibly indorse
Bryan, but the people themselves will cer
tainly indorse McKinley.
After the campaign of education every
intelligent busine-s man will vote for
McKinley and bimetallism.
The public sentiment that was strong
enough to nominate McKinley is also
strong enough to elect him.
If Bryan had been true to his talents he
would have taken to the stage and been a
popular favorite in melodrama.
The speech with which Tom Reed will
open the campaign will make Bryan's
rhetoric appear as tlat as stale beer.
The business man who fails to register
will find he has neglected a very impor
tant business before the campaign is over.
Not long ago there was a big demand
for a short campaign, but now everybody
wishes it to begin at once and keep mov
ing.
A Democratic and Populist combination
would be simply a conspiracy to obtain tbe
•poils of office and ihe people would mock
at it.
There wili be a big fight at St. Louis for
the possession of the middle of the road,
and the defeated faction will have to bolt
to escape being thrown in the ditch.
It matters not what the Populist con
tention will do or leave undone, the next
iPresident will be tbe soldier-statesman
and patriot candidate, William McKiniey.
Workingmen who wish information con
cerning the Democratic millionaire candi
date for Vice-president have only to apply
to a member cf the Coast Seaman's Union.
This campaign will show that the ma
jority of the American people are thor
oughly National in their sentiments, and
the sectional party will not win even in
Sections.
There is absolutely nothing in the record
of the Democratic administration that can
be urged as a reason why the party should
be again intrusted with the control of the
Government.
To give employment to the unemployed
With good wages for good work is the main
ißsue before the American people, and
there is abundant evidence that the people
so understand It.
If any Democratic orator hopes to dodge
the deficit tariff question during the cam
paign he had better begin practicing. It
will be the first brick thrown at him when
he takes tbe stamp.
There is much talk ol Bryan's oratory
just now, but when the great Republican
orators take the stump the country will
hear an eloquence that has in it some
thing more than rhetoric.
Most of our money troubles have re
sulted from a deficit in the National rev
enues, and a protective tariff by providing
ample revenues will go far toward settling
the money question to tbe satisfaction of
all.
Republican harmony is at this time ab
solutely essential to National prosperity,
and no true advocate of public welfare can
consistently act with those who are trying
to divide the party ranks and discredit it»
leaders.
Andrew D. White of Cornell University
is another of those far-sighted students of
current events who warn the country of
the revolutionary tendencies of the Dem
ocratic party. What was done at Chicago
was but the beginning of a dangerous pol
icy and unless the party is checked by an
overwhelming vote of the people there is
po telling what disasters may be brought
Opon the country.
YOUNG MEN IN POLITICS.
One of the most satisfactory features of
the campaign thus far is the extent to
vhich the young men of California are
! allying themselves with the Republican
j party. They are not contenting them
' selves with a mere declaration for McKin
' ley and Ilobart. They are joining the
I party clubs and formally putting them
selves on record as men who intend to be
known in life as Republicans and sup
! porters of the great principles it stands
i for.
Readers of The Call can have hardly
failed to notice the number and strength
of local Republican clubs. Reports of
i their organization and proceedings consti
tute a large part of the news of the day.
■ They represent all districts of the City
1 and all classes of voters. Their number
has never been equaled before this cam
paign and tbe strength of their member
ship is rapidly increasing. That increase
is drawn largely from the intelligent, pa
triotic youth of the City. Many conserva
tive Democrats, disgusted with the snap
shot nomination of an irresponsible
| tgitetot at Chicago, are, of course, joining
the Republican ranks for this campaign,
but comparatively few of these join the
party clubs. It is the young men who are
doing that.
This tendency of the young men of the
State is significant of the position the
Republican party occupies in our poli
tics. It is the party of progress and
appeals to men of progressive ideas.
It is the party of American industry and
appeals to those who have American in
dustries to promote and advance. It is
j the party of the future and appeals to
| those whose political ideas reaca beyond
' the issues of this campaign. For all these
I reasons it is in a peculiar sense the party
:of young men. Youth is attracted to it
not more by the glorious record of its his
| toric past than by the equally glorious
! promise of its tuture. Young men find in
i its platform an expression of broadly Na
| tional policies with which they sympa
thize, and they see in its leaders men
whose patriotism and statesmanship are
undoubted and whose banners they are j
proud to follow.
Although a thousand noble sentiments j
associated with the names of Lincoln,
Grant, Gariield and Blame inspire in
young Americans a loyal esteem for the
party they led, it is not sentiment only
that animates them in joining it. Intelli
gent young men see the Democratic
party decrepid, discredited and divided,
and the Populist party following every
political will-o'-the-wisp that germi
nates id discontented minds. They
know that neither of these parties
as at present constituted has any
political future, and that neither of them
could successiully administer the affairs
of the Nation, or even of a State. There
fore, the young men who are engaged in
industry and look forward to the future
turn to the party of industry and the
future. They join it to wort for it. They
unite themselves with Republican clubs,
making themselves permanent members
of the organization and giving notice to
the country that in this and other cam
paigns they are on the side of patriotism,
protection and prosperity.
BRYAN AND BOLTERS.
In Jane of last year W. J. Bryan made a
tour of the South in the interest of free
silver coinage. He went ostensibly at the
invitation of Democratic free-silver clubs,
but that which moved him most to go and
deliver his silver speech was the salary
that was being paid to him by an associa
tion of silver-mine owners. At Jackson,
Miss., on June 11, he was interrupted in
his oratorical effort by Judge Brame, a
prominent Mississippi Democrat, to asK
Mr. Bryan if he would support the plat
form of the National Democratic Conven
tion if it should fail to declare for free
silver at 16 to 1. Mr. Bryan struck a kind
of an Ajax-defying-the-lightning attitude,
and, placing one hand above his heart and
lifting the other toward heaven, he said :
"So help me God, I will die in my tracks
before I will support it."
If what Mr. Bryan said at Jackson re
flects his houest sentiments he should
have very little respect for a man who
would support him against his own con
victions. In fact, if Mr. Bryan is sincere
he must hope that no man who is not in
accord with the money plank of the Chi
cago platform will so far compromise his
manhood as to support the ticket that
stands for that platform. If Mr. Bryan
would "die in his tracks" before he
would support the platform without
a declaration for the free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1 he certainly
could entertain only contempt for a man
who would support it for mere party sake.
But Mr. Brran absolves all Democrats
from the sin of party desertion who are
opposed to his own views upon the money
question. He believes it would be more
manly in a voter to die in his tracks than
to vote for a proposition that he thought
was wrong.
A political policy must be very low and
wicked when a man of Mr. Bryan's ambi
tion would die in his tracks before he
would support it, but it could not be more
vicious nor more infamous than men who
would support it, hence any Democrat
who is not in accord with the Chicago
platform is a very low and disreputable
person, and rather than have anything to
do with such a person Mr. Bryan would
die in his tracks. Now, to understand
what a hypocrite Mr. Bryan is, one need
only to read the abuse he is heaping upon
all Democrats who even hesitate to accept
him and his platform through the col
umns or his newspaper. He calls them
"heathen," "bolters," "money sharks,"
"trust ana monopoly managers," "aristo
crats," "bloated bondholders," "enemies
of the common people," "hirelings of
Great Britain," "contemptible and cow
ardly party deserters," and many other
names that only a very angry man could
think of. But he wants their votes all the
same.
DESTRUCTIVE FOREST FIRES.
Forest fires in the State of Washington
are spreading in every direction, and al
ready lives have been lost and a vast
amount of property destroyed. In large
sections of country there is scarcely a min
ing camp left, and in many places the
miners had all they could do to reach places
of safety. The loss already sustained in
the destruction of timber alone will, it is
reported, mount up to millions of dollars.
As yet no towns have been destroyed, but
several are in great danger, ana unless
there is a heav£ fall of rain very soon it is
feared that irvwill be impossible to save
many of the interior trade centers. In the
region about Spokane Falls, railway trains
are operated with difficulty because of the
track being obstructed by falling trees.
If these terrible forest fires which visit
some portions of the West nearly every
summer were from natural causes there
would be less reason to complain of the
destruction they work, but they are almost
always traceable to the carelessness of
hunters and prospectors who appear to
be wholly indifferent as to what may come
of their neglect to provide against tbe
spread of their campfire into great con
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
flagrations. Perhaps a law making such
carelessness a felony might bring them to
their senses, but anyway the destruction
of life and property every year by forest
fires is too serious a matter to let go with
out effort of some kind that is calculated
to at least confine them to natural causes.
MEN AND PLATFORMS.
It is a well-established political princi
ple in this country that a candidate for
President must be estimated and measured
according to his party's platform, and
unless a candidate should assume the right
to make his own personality of more con
sequence than his party's declaration of
principles he is not a legitimate subject
for discussion except as tbe chief represen
tative of a principle that is sought to be
applied in the practical operation of the
affairs of the Government.
The presumption is that the party has
selected the proper material to carry out
its purposes, and that he will be faithful
to his party's declared policy. No one can
doubt that if Mr. McKinley is elected the
economic and financial theories as declared
in the St. Louis platform will be applied
in the conduct of the affairs of the coun
try. The central idea of that platform is
to establish and maintain conditions of
prosperity for all the people. The plat
form knows no East, West, North nor
South, but includes every neighborhood
and individual in its purpose to strengthen
the channels of money -making and money
saving. In his candidacy Mr. McKinley
stands for all the platform declares.
The same may be said of Mr. Bryan.
He stands for the declarations of his
party. But there is a wide difference be
tween what his platform and Mr. Mc-
Kinley's platform declare as to the better
system of government. Mr. Bryan's plat
form declares that tbe "interior States"
should have the preference in all things,
especially should the major portion of
public money set apart for internal im
provements be expended upon the water
ways of the interior States that they may
have "easy and cheap transportation."
Tims Mr. Bryan's platform declares for
sectionalism, while Mr. McKinley's plat
form declares for nationalism. If Mr.
McKinley is elected the whole country
will participate in whatever of good ac
crues. If Mr. Bryan is elected the "in
terior States" will have the lion's share.
FOR A LIVELY CAMPAIGN.
The managers of Mr. McKinley's candi
dacy are arranging for a campaign of edu
cation that will greatly surpass anything
of the kind hitherto undertaken. Practi
cally all the great orators of the party will
mount the hustings, which will give the
people an opportunity to hear the princi
ples of the party explained in a way that
no one need go to the polls la November
unacquainted with every plan and every
purpose of the party. NN'ith a special train
of cars, so that speakers may accommo
date their traveling time schedule to the
convenience of the several communities to
be visited, ten times more territory can be
covered than by the old way.
It is. understood that Senator Foraker
will be assigned to the Pacific Coast. Mr.
Foraker has been long distinguished for
oratorical ability; besides he is one of the
first statesmen of the country, and the
kind of a Republican whose enthusiasm
for the success of his party never abates or
grows cold. But there will be other lead
ing liKhts from the East to help bring the
people to a realizing sense of the impor
tance to their own business enterprises of
placing the conduct of the affairs of the
country in the hands of the party that
will inaugurate and maintain a degree of
prosperity that shall be in keeping- with
the magnitude and variety of our com
mercial and industrial possibilities.
But while the presence of these dis
tinguished leaders of the party will help
materially in bringing out the full vote,
there is much for the Republicans of Cali
fornia especially to do meanwhile. There
should be well-organized marching clubs
in every community fully equipped to
make an attractive parade by night or by
day, so that when Senator Foraker and
other speakers come they shall be met at
every station by enthusiastic organiza
tions. If California is to be saved to the
Republican party work will have to be
done. The Democracy is planning for a
vigorous campaign, aud it should be more
than countermatched in every voting
precinct.
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE BUSY BEE.
How doth the little busy bee
Improve its shin ng hour?
Hf wastes it gather! hk sweets which he
Will never belp devour.
For ere the shining hours Are fled,
Ue leaves his honey stored,
The foolish busy bee Is dead.
And vandals raid his hoard.
Now (from the standpoint of the bee),
He wanted toil and strife.
By misdirected industry
He missed the sweet* of life.
Of course men praise the busy bee.
If they didn't 'twould be funny ;
For wben he's stored it, don't you see,
They get the b. b.'a honey. Puck.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Frederick H. Cowen, the composer, is an ex
pert mouutaineer.
Justice Chitty, like most of her Majesty's
Judges, has a bobby — tandem driving.
In his early days of poverty in Paris, Pro
fessor Ilerkomer was glad to cook his own
meals. When his first success, "Chelsea Pen
sioners," was accepted he fell on his knees and
wept.
The London papers note with great solemn
ity that the Prince of Wales has taken to the
style of headgear known in the trade as the
Tyrolese, or "double dam." His particular
style of 'at is white, with a broad, black
band.
Miss Daisy Barbee of Atchison, Kans., was
graduated with the highest honors from the
law department of Washington University, at
St. Louis, having captured the thesis prize over
thirty-eight competitors. She was the only
woman in the class.
Moses Adams Sr., who has just died at his
home, at Rock House Creek, Ky., at the age of
102, was one of the early settlers of Kentucky.
For sixty years he was a leading political char
acter in Eastern Kentucky, and was known all
over the country as "Rock House Mose."
Mascagni, who burst on an astonished world
five years ago with hi 9 "Cavalleria Rustlcana,"
has produced half a dozen operas since then
and none of them has been more than a suc
cess d'es time. His seventh opera, "Benetto."
just produced at Milan, has proved a seventh
fiasco.
Hans Schiiessmann, the well-known Vienna
caricaturist, has sent half a dozen letters to
artists and authors of his acquaintance, writ
ing on the envelope only "Mr. ," and then add
ing a tiny sketch of the person in question and
the designation of the quarter of the town in
which he lives.
President Kruger'a metaphors are as plain
as his diplomacy. "If mr little dogs are
naughty," he said, in replying to the thanks
of the released prisoners, "I must whip them,
but I am always sorry to do go. Next time I
must get hold of the big dog. My little dogs
bark, but the big one bites."
Lady Londonderry's yacht, which has Just
been completed, will probably be the most
beautiful small yacht in the world. It is made
entirely of^cedar and mahogany and the metal
work it of silver-plated aluminum, with gold
beading and scroll-work. The tails are made
of silk and the yacht has been rendered un
siakable by metal cues la Ike bow a&d stern.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Deputy Sheriff Hopkins of Santa Barbara
was one of the noticeable characters seen
about^tue Baldwin yesterday. He arrived
from the south Saturday with a prisoner for
San Quentin. and is now visiting his wile at
438 Geary street, where his family has resided
for several years wnile he has remained in
Santa Barbara apprehending criminals.
Marshal Hopkins, or "Hop," as he is famil
iarly known, is a man past middle age, thick
set, and with hair aud mustache well tinged
with gray, but with a pair of keen blue eyes
that, though behind gold-bound glasses, show
no signs of dimness after over twenty years of
constant police duty.
He it was who within the last few weeks shot
and killed Cyrus Barnard, whom he undertook
to arrest for the murder of Mrs. Davidson and
her dtughter. Barnard had stepped into his
cabin on the pretext of putting down some
packages. He turned quickly and from the
darkness fired at the officer's head. The bullet
went through Hopkins' hat, and so close was
he to ilia assailant that his face was burned by
the flash from the pistol. Hopkins drew in
stantly and fired back, and theo dodged to one
side of the doorway to await developments.
But his aim had been fatal, as the posse
W, \V. Hopkins, the Santa Barbara
Deputy Sheriff Who Shot Gambler
Barnard Through the Heart for
Resisting Arrest After the Recent
Frightful Murder of Two Women in
El Montecito.
learned a little later. The Coroner's jury
found that the victim came to his death by a
shot from a pistol in tne hands of Deputy
Sheriff Hopkins, whom it exonerated and com
mended for bis action.
Now, it seems there is talk in Santa Barbara
of making Hopkins Sheriff, and Mayor Whit
ney and a number of the leading citizens are
interesting themselves to that end. Of all the
frightful murders that have been committed
in California during the epidemic that seems
to have prevailed for some time that at El
Montecito is the only one that has been
promptly avenged, and that is one of the rea
sons why the people of the quiet, picturesque
old town by the sea wish to show their appreci
ation of the fearless officer who has for so
many years been a terror to criminals.
About a year and a half ago Hopkins rushed
upon and disarmed two drunken Indians who
had just shot another officer in the pit of the
stomach. They had been running amuck in
the lower part of town aud were painting
things red along the boulevard when tne first
officer attempted to arrest them. When Hop
kins appeared upon the scene he was warned
to beware, but he moved quickly upon them,
wrenched their pistols away and threw one
and then the other Indian upon the ground.
An examination of the pistols showed that the
Indians bad snapped two cartridges at him.
Santa Barbara County has long been Repub
lican, and Hopkins is said to be a life-long ad
herent to the principles of. what party, with
many friends among the Democrats.
•'For forty years 1 have been studying and
collecting information atx>ut the American
Indians," said Dr. J. Simmes, the traveler and
lecturer, as he was getting his things ready
the other day at the Russ preparatory to start
ing on another little expedition.
••I have visitei every tribe in the United
States except a few remnants of tribes that
once lived in Connecticut. There are rem
nants in New York State to-day of nine dis
tinct tribe*.
"My intention is to publish a book on the
Indians of North America, to show also that
where Indians have intermarried with whites
a higher type of man has been the result.
Some of the Indians so interblended have held
high positions in history, science and the arts.
I shall deal, too, with the impositions the In*
dians have suffered.
"In three or four years the work will be
ready for publication, but so far I have done
nothing but collect the data, which in itFelf is
very volumiuous. Au uncle of mine, Stephen
R. Simmes, wrote a history of the Indians of
the southern part of New York. lie was en
gaged during seven years in collecting the
data for a work of one volume.
"I have just returned from a trip to Alaska,
where I went to study the Indians. All along
the Alaskan coast the Indians have intermar
ried with the Japanese. Their eyes have that
peculiar almond shape. They are shorter in
stature and of a sturdier build than the aver
age American Indian. The infusion of Japan
ese blood has also added considerably to their
energy, for the Indians of the Alaskan coast
are certainly the best working Indians there
are. Back ot the Coast Range the Indian type
is higher. The men are larger. They are
thrifty, and devote themselves to agriculture.
Between them and the coa»t Indians there is
little or no intercourse.
"In Australia and the Islands of the Pacific
there are but two classes of aborigines—lndi
ans and negroes. The New Zealandera, the
Samoane aud the Sandwich Islanders are all
practically of the American Indian blood.
They have the straight black hair and the
bronzed skins. The Australians and tne na
tives of the other islands are negroes. Their
hair is curly and their skin is black. The na
tive Australian is the lowest type of man on
earth. I have seen them eat dead snakes that
were already decomposed. They scrape out
little wallows in the sand to sleep in, and at
night huddle into them like wild animals."
Dr. Simmes has given a great many curios
collected by himself, to the Park Museum, and
he has also given a large number of valuable
old English books to the San Francisco Public
Library.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Fat visitor— Charming suburb, my boy —
charming; but, I say, do you always walk to
the station?
"Oh, no, indeed; very often I run."— Life.
Hicks— What makes you go to a tailor to get
your clothes? You could get them ready-made
just as good for half the money.
Wicks— Yes; but if I got them ready-made I
should have to pay for them cash down.—Som
erville Journal.
"Ain't that woman a grass widow?" asked the
flrst lounger, as Mrs. Fortypast went by.
"Hay widow, 1 should «ay," answered the
second lounger.— Indianapolis Journal.
"Beck safety!" yelled the St. Louis man as
the fatal and familiar whir fell upon his ears.
"Here comes a tornado."
'Tornado be darned 1" replied his host.
"That's my daughter practicing on tbe vio
lin."—Philadelphia North American.
Billson— l know where you can find a re
markably cheap piano-mover.
Briggs— How did you discover hlmt
Billson— l let my piano rent get behind.—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
First cannibal— That new missionary's a very
fjesh individual.
Second ditto— That's all right; we'll just
throw an extra pincji of salt in the pot.—Phila
delphia North American.
"Isn't that sort of work very confining?"
asked the visitor who had been permitted to
go into the room where the bank note en
gravers were at work.
"Sometimes it Is, ma'am," answered the,
pale-faced artist whom she addressed. "I am
personally acquainted with a man who did a
job of this kind once without orders, and he
was confined seven years for it, ma'am."—Chi
cago Tribune.
Said the elephant to the girafft,
" Your neck is too long by one-calf."
He replied, "Since your nose
Beaches down to roar toes.
At others you'a better not laugh-"
— Su Nicholas.
PERSONAL.
?J. Levy, the Pescadero merchant, Is at the
Lick.
J. H. Herald of Seattle is at tbe Grand with
Miss Herald.
H. a Joslyn and wife of Woodland art stay
ing at the Ramona.
Jndge J. H. Logan of Santa Crua arrived at
the Lick last night.
E. W. Runyon, the banker of Red Bluff, ta a
visitor at the Palace.
O. L. Barler and wife of Chicago are regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Dr. L. N. Spratling of the United States navy
is a guest at the Palace.
W. M. Mackay, a schoolteacher of Eureka, is
at the Grand with his wife.
G. A. (irahame of Sat Joae is registered with
the arrivals at the California.
Kiel Thomas, a mining man of Douglas Flat,
is at the Russ with his mother.
J. H. Jamison, a Middletown mining man, is
making a short stay at the Russ.
William H. McGregor, of Auckland, N. Z., is
making a brief visit at the Grand.
Dr. S. C. Martin Jr. of St. Louis, Mo., U one of
the latest arrivals at the Baldwin.
S. Rinaldo of San Jose, cigar manufacturer,
registered at the Palace last night.
James J. Harden and Miss Eudora Harden of
Santa Rosa are guests at the California.
Robert G. Barton, the theatrical manager of
Fresno, is registered at the Occidental.
Joe C. Wolfskill, a well-known resident of
Sulsun, registered at the Lick yesterday.
Jumes McXeil, a well-known resident of
Santa Cruz, is at the Palace on a short visit.
George D. Green, the mine-owner, of Grass
Valley is one of the late arrivals at the Lick.
Lieutenant-Governor William T. Jeter of
Santa Cruz is one of the guests at the Palace.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Yosemite
House at Stockton, is registered at the Palace.
W. E. Duncan Sr., a mining man of Oroville,
is among those who arrived at the Lick yester
day.
George T. Rives, superintendent of a mine
in lnyo County, arrived at the Grand yester
day.
R. Masiquira, a wealthy Japanese, arrived at
the Palace last night and registered from
Japan.
Cyrus R. Sargent, a land-owner and real es
tate dealer of Minturn, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
H. W. Crabb, the fruit merchant of Oakville,
Is one of the guests that arrived at the Grand
last night.
J. C. Tice, traveling agent for Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s express, returned to the Grand yesterday
from Stockton.
Louis H. Sage, proprietor of Congress Spring*,
Santa Clara County, is at tbe Lick with his
mother, Mrs. S. E. Bage.
Jessie Titus, manager of the Golden Eagle
Hotel at Sacramento, came to town last night
and went to the Palace.
J. F. Barnett, proprietor of a stage line of
which Ukiah is one of the termini, is one of
the recent arrivals at tbe Russ.
The Pacific Coast Gas Association has located )
its temporary headquarters in Parlor C, Palace
Hotel, with John A. Britton in charge.
J. T. Rader of Tremont, Ohio, is among those
registered at the Grand. He is connected with
the Claus Shear Company of that place.
Brainard J. Smith, one of the officials of the
State Prison at Folsom, arrived at the Grand I
last night and registered from Sacramento.
A. G. Gaasen of San Diego, a member of the j
Governor's stafl', is a guest at the Grand, which
he will make his headquarters during this
week.
J. H. Keller, chef of the Gait House at Louis
ville, Ky., arrived at the Palace yesterday on
a summer recreation trip to avoid the heat of i
the East.
Rev. L. D. Mansfield, an Episcopal minister
of San Jose, arrived at the Occidental yester
day with bis wife and S. H. Mansfield and wife
of Quincy, 111.
George H. Thomas of Detroit, Mich., who has
been in this State some time introducing a
machine alleged to locate ore, returned to the
Grand yesterday.
W. E. Rogers, owner of the Amelia gold mine
at Amelia, Colo., has taken up his residence at
the Lick, where he and his wife will stay dur
ing the warm weather.
Joseph Hall, one of the firm of Hall Bros,
who own large woolen-mills at Norwich^
Conn., is a late arrival at the Grand. He has
been buying wool in this State.
Eugene Dupont, the American powder king
here on his first visit to this coast, is a guest
at Gil Chestnut street of Captain John Ber
mingham, president of the California Powder
Works.
N". H. Foster, assistant manager of the Pacific
system of the Southern Pacific Company, re
ported for duty at the railroad building
yesterday morning, after a month's absence In
the East.
Major Jose R. Pico, who recently won a suit
against the State for maintaining a company
of native Californians during war times, ar
rived at the Russ yesterday and registered
from Oakland.
Samuel McMurtrie, the civil engineer at
work upon the Southern Pacific Railroad's
coast extension in Santa Barbara County, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday and registered
from Del Monte.
R. S. Whitney, a retired banker of Boston,
now on a tour of the world with his wife, re
turned to the Occidental yesterday from Del
Monte, whither he went soon after his arrival
irom the Orient recently by the Doric.
Ernesto Bachman, Chief Deputy Collector
and Appraiser at La Libertad, Is here from
Central America on a pleasure trip and inci
dentally to pick up information on the man
agement of the local custom-house business.
Colonel William Forsyth of Fresno, head of a
syndicate that is establishing a large plant for
seeding raisins, arrived here yesterday. Over
$250,000 Is invested in the company, which
represents both local and Eastern capital.
When the plant shall have been completed it
is estimated that it will be able to turn out two
carloads of raisins a day.
E. S. Babcock, president of the San Diego
Electric Streetcar Company, president of the
San Diego and Coronado Ferry Company,
president of the San Diego Mountain Water
Company, president of the Coronado Beach
Company, and manager and half owner of the
great Hotel del Coronado, completed a short
visit yesterday at the Palace and in the even
ing started with his wife for Yellowstone Park.
David N. Betts, an official in the Indian
school near Wadsworth, New, arrived at the
Grand last night with E. R. and W. J. Gutch
ess, who are also interested in Indian teach
ing. They have come here to attend the con
vention of Indian school teachers, to be held
in a fortPight. Mr. Betts is particularly inter
ested in arriving early, as he proposes to take
a prominent part in a marriage ceremony be
fore the convention shall have opened.
J. R. Crin« of Somerset. England, returned
to the Palace yesterday, after a two months'
trout-fishing expedition along the coast in
company with several members of the Pacific-
Union Club. He has been traveling leisurely
around the world now for twelve months try
ing all the fishing places. He pronounces the
Pacific Coast the best trout-fishing region he
has found in the world. Just where the best
streams are he will not say, as his companions
pledged him to secrecy on that subject.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 20.-At the Plasa-
A. Fries; Stuart— H. V. Ramsdell, E. A. and D.
McCullough; Holland— W. M. Thompson and
wife ; Astor— F. Waltsoh, R. J. Techan, Miss M.
Fabian, H. L. Deimel; Broadway Central— J.B.
Eldredge; Amsterdam— Miss G. Malone; Metro
pole—M. Mayer, Miss Mary B. Cochrane. Mm.
Henry Martin left the Plaxa to sail for England
on the Campania. Mrs. Margaret Crpse and
child, S. E. Hirstet, Mr. and Mrs. F. lecklen
berg sail on the North German liner Trave for
Bremen.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
A POPULIST ESTIMATE.
How a Leader of the People's Party Fig
cees the Result in November.
Editor Call: As one of the organizing com
mittee of the People's party of this City I have
collated and kept careful statistics of the vole
of the People's uarty in every State since its in
ception. From these figures, which, with the
percentages of the total vote, may be relied
upon, the following tables are constructed.
To enable you r readers to sense their full im
portance I beg to say :
First— That the People's party is one of prin
ciples and has never heretofore expected to
win; therefore that nearly every vote hereto
fore cast for it will remain with it at this elec
tion.
Second— That it is a party of active propa
ganda in season and out, and that its recorded
vote in every State and every town shows each
new election, and has so shown at every elec
tion, a steady, persistent and regular increase.
At every election it has doubled, ami in many
has trebled its vote. In every State, therefore,
where our vote at the last election was more
than 30 per cent of the whole we are by the
logic of tbe past now justified in believing that
we shall carry that State. We do so believe
and firmly. And in every State where our
vote was more than 20 per cent we have the
probabilities on our side, by doubling it, with
three parties in the field, of winning out the
doubtful ground by a plurality.
States which the People's party expect surely
to carry:
. »0 'OP
. o • • » c
eg " <?.
«TAT«. ,;,?= . S £ =
: : K "
Alabama. , 83,285 42 1}
south Carolina 17,287 81 i
North Carolina.. ; 148,344 54 11
Georgia.... .;...... 98,888 44 11
Texas.......... 162,171 62 1J
Virginia 81,239 38 lii
Colorado...... 82,111 '47 4
Nevada.... ; 7,264 66 ?
South Dakota ........;. 28,668 SB f
Kansas 118,8*29 40 It
Oregon.... 26,033 30 4
.Minnesota... 87,931 SO £
Total....... 104
Of these perhaps Colorado and Nevada may
be deducted through the efforts of Teller, Jones
and Stewart, leaving a balance of 97.
States which the People's party believe it
probable they may carry, having already cast
two years nince over 20 per cent of the vote
therein:
Stat«. 9- g?
: S » :
Arkansas...... .... .............. 24,541 20
Louisiana.............. 26.683 24
Mississippi ..; 10.256 20
Idaho.............. 7,111 29
California 65,000 21
North Dakota .' 9,354 2»
WaabiaetOB 19,165 22
Total ....;:. ~4
We figure that the following States will prob
ably go for Bryan and the Democracy. The
Populist vote and percentage is, however,
given:
1 *3 K
■ II 2 11
Btatb. ? - 3*2
I ™ r- : Jt
Nebraska. . 83,134 42 ~U
Maine..... 5,321 6 t>
Missouri .. . 42.463 9 17
Florida.. . 4,843 14 4
Tennessee. 23,092 10 12
Kentucky 23,500 7 IS
West Virginia. 4,166 3 6
Montana. 7,334 17 3
Utah ■ 1.000 2 3
Wyoming 2,17« 13 8
Maryland. ...; 1.0UO 1 8
. Total.. I 84
The following States we figure as going for
McKinley. The Populist voie and percentage
is given for comparison:
Is 2 Is
Statx. ? — 2 ? o
.OB D . ■—
:.c» r:E
Sew Yore. ...................... 11,049 1 36
■ New Hampshire 832 1 4
New Jersey 2,000 1 10
Vermont.' ..:...*.; ' 740 1 4
Pennsylvania. . 19,484 --a S2
Massachusetts.. x.027 3 16
Delaware. ; 3
Rhode Island... 1.000 2 3
Ohio 49.495 7 23
Connecticut. '. 1,544 1 6
Wisconsin 25,604 7 12
.Total............ ...*..'... .......... ... 149
The following States are doubtful as between
Bryan or McKinley:
t "- W
: • If-' ! I?
State. . . ? = g ? o .
; r ! - :
Indiana....... 29,888 6 16
Illinois ...; 19.476 3 24
Iowa...;:................-......... 34,907 9 13
Michigan 30012 10 16
; Total ..;... .... 07
Add to tha probable Bryan vote Colorado
and Nevada and tbe following table will then
show the situation as we believe it really
stands :
Hur« Populist vot*s 97
Probable additional Populist votes 44
Total 141
Sure i;eiuocr»tic votes 84
Sure Republican votes 149
Doubtful as between, Bryan and McKinley 67
The struggle for life or death is between the
Democracy and the People's party. Very re
spectfully, BCRNETTK G. HASKELL.
THE NEW SLEEVES.
Two novel sleeves are bhown here. The first
has a cuff finished with a pleated ruffle. It is
suitable for all fabrics. A waist of Dresden
silk has the pleated ruffle of the silk covered
with blsck mousseline de sole.
A dress of linen batite has the ruffle of em
broidery to match.
The second sleeve has a puff which is cut
circular, and is left below to form a jabot on
top of the arm. It is particularly pretty when
two fabrics are employed, one for the puff and
the other for the fitted sleeve. A challie dress
of blue and white has the fitted sleeve of white
piece lace over white silk.
A gingham of yellow and white has fitted
sleeves of embroidery.
A blue mohair has fitted sleeves of blue and
white foulard.
BAD ADVERTISING MEN.
New York Fourth Estate.
Merchants all over the country are awaken
ing to the fact that it is extremely dangerous
to advertise with alleged "Directories,"
••Manuals," "Gazetteers," "Records" and the
like. . ■ }
The extent to which such swindlers - are
operating may be judged from the estimate
made by the police that no less than $80 000
has been collected from business houses in
New York City in the last four months for
fraudulent advertising. u ' us lOT
•The scheme is usually worked by getting a
firm to sign a contract for a small advertise
ment, to cost; not more than $1, and a "col
lector's voucher" and a "notice" of the time
at which the advertisement is to cease we
made out. By an ingenious system of manipu
lating these apparently innocent documents
the firm i» made to pay from $3 to $500
More than a score of promiuent business
houses and many banks are known to nave
suffered tt hr ° th if system of fraud show
ing that the only safe kind of advertising is
th»t done in a reputable newspaper ■
OLD SPORT REVIVED.
The London Chronicle of the 2d inst. tells of
the killing of a poacher named Thomas Essex
at Grove Park, near Warwick, the seat of Lord
Dormer, now occupied by Mr. Ernest Hutton.
It was at night when William Barnes, the
gamekeeper, wm making hia usual inspection,
accompanied by his assistants. They enconn
tered a number of poachers setting snares fn
rabbits, and attempted to capture the intrv,
ders. Essex raised his stick and Barnes drew
his revolver, which, he told his Bon, was aooi
dentally discharged. Essex was shot thrcmeh
the head and died instantly. Barnes' son t o ;a
the story as here outlined to the coroner's
jury, and the jury returned a verdict of "acrl
dentally killed," and "expressed regret with
alx parties concerned in the affair. "
NOT A CZAR.
The Emperor of Russia did not take the title
of Czar or Tsar on the occasion of his recent
coronation, but crowned himself "Emperor
and Autocrat of all the Bussias," etc. The
name and t) ties assumed by him are as follows :
Nicholas, stn of Alexander, by the grace of
God Einpen.r and Autocrat of r,\\ the Russia.-,
of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod,
Emperor of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, 01
Siberia, of Kherson Taurida, of Grousi ; Goson
dar of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of
Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Fin
land; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, Of Cour
land, of Seinlgalia, of the Samoyeds, of Bie'.o
stok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, ot
Viatkß, of Bulgaria, and of other countries;
Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Coui!
trie in Novgorod, of Tschernigon". of Kiazan, of
Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bielosersk,
of Oucork. of ObdorsK, of Rondisk, of Vitelsk,
of Ustilatt", and of all the countries of th«
North; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kactal
nisk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territory of
Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Prince* of
Tscherkask; Master of Turkestan; Heir Pre
sumptive of Norway, and Duke of Schleswig-
Holstein, of Stormarne. of iiithmarse and of
Oldenburg.
PRINCES OF WALES' FAVORITE
HYMN.
The Bishop of Wakefield is not an admirer of
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," which is said to be
the favorite hymn of the Prince of Wales. In
an article on "What Constitutes a Good Hymn?"
in the London Sunday Magazine, he declares
that this sacred song is "so faulty in diction
Hud sentiment that almost its only merit is its
happy and beautiful refrain, which, I suppose,
is held to cover a multitude of faults. Kftrtu
nately, 'Hymns Ancient and Modern' omit* the
most absurd verse, which speaks of 'Sun. moon
and stars forgot.' " Three of Faber's hymns
are also in bad odor with the Bishop, vis.,
"Hark, Hark, My Soul," "O Paradise! O Para
dise !" and "Jesus is God." These, he deolarea,
must always be most unreal and most unmean
ing as sung by an ordinary congregation.
Townsexd's famous broken candy, 2 lb«. 25c*
• • » .....
"Did Bob leave his wife anything besides his
insurance?"
"Yes; he left her to the tender mercies of
his creditors." . .
« » »
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage CO.*
. • — — » .
Fpectai, information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prat!
Clipping bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• » m
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. : *
«■ ■» — •
The Duke of Argyll possesses a strange ave
nue of trees upon his estate on the banks of
Loch Fyne. Every tree has been planted by
some distinguished person, and bears an in
scription showing when and by whom it was
first set up.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as tbe official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the Q. A. R. »t
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 6. Tha
excursion will leave San Frsncigco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. n. Kates f67 90 for the
round trip. Tbe above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Siateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeninsr-car reservations.
Are You Going; East'. 1
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
route— the coolest and most comfortable ea
rner line, ©wins to its elevation and absence of
alkali diifit. ! Particularly adapted !or the trans
portation of families because of- Its palac* draw-
Ice-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving; at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, j 644 .'.Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1631.
. . ■ '■"' — » »
Neglect your hair and you lose it Pakkeb'b
Haib Balsam renews growth and color.
Parkkr's Ginger Toxic strengthens the weak.
• — ♦— •
No buffet should De without a bottle of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, ' the South American
appetizer and lnvigorator.
.-. :.l . — : » ■» — « _ r _'-;.
A Safe, simple and effective 'remedy for in
digestion is a dose of Ayer's Pills. Try the Pills
and make your meals enjoyable.
j The Marquis of Clanricarde, who is looked
upon as a grinding, stern-willed absentee
landlord, lives the life almost of a recluse in
chambers off Piccadilly. He is a little, fragile
man, quite a dandy of the old time. His ruddy
complexion throws into relief a profusion of
gray hair and gray beard.
• STEW TO-DAT. 1 .
BIGGDT
TBIG CDT
on
Fruit Jars
45c PER DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
OUT PHXOZ3B
Crockery, Chinaware and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted.
GFeatAiencailEpflrliifeaCo.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market St. '*6 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. a ,B Thfnt at.
140 Sixth st. = 2008 Fillmore at. -
017 Kearny at. 96 5 Market st.
1410 Polk st. » Sixteenth st.
53i Montgomery are. 104 Second st.
»3 Hayes st 3359 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. TwelftK st.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St.. A lamed a. .
CHEAPPOWER
FOR —
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM X TO 200 HOUSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power C4QC
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. O I Oil
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
CAS AND OIL ENGINES,
Office: Works:
405-407 Sansome St. 215-231 Bar St.
,'■■■.-.:•. San Francisco, Cal. ;
THESUCCISS OF THE
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
— — OK THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St;.
OPEN VHIUa SUJDKIG J3X,TUESDAY JCLY 21, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
rAi.ironxiA THKATER.-'-Carmen."
Columbia Theater- "The Two Escutcheon*."
Morosco's i i kba-Houbk— -Irish Inspiration."
I'ivoli Opxka-Hotjsb.— "Martha."
rßj'HFrif— High-Class Vaudevii!".
f-T-TRo Bathb — Bathing and performances.
t-KooT the Chutks— Dally at Uaight street,
one block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. Ljcvy <fe Co.— This day (Tneaday),
Furniture at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
r>v Shainwalb. Bcckbek <t Co.— Thursday,
July 23. Real Estate, at salesroom, 218-220
lontgomery street. _•
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The theaters were well attended last night
The Geary avenue gold mine has petered out.
Three of the ministerial clubs held sessions
yesterday.
The registration figures for yesterday reached
2981, or a total to date of 35,449.
During the fiscal year ending June 30 over
$5,500,000 was collected at this port.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals held its annual meeting yesterday.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg.
ment of the lower tribunal in the Painter will
case.
Frederick H. Holt has applied for letters of
administration on the $2500 estate of Neilie B.
Holt.
Agnes Fried yesterday sued I. Fried for the
possession of four Spring Valley bonds, worth
$5000.
The shingles question is again agitating the
unions affiliated with the Building Trades
Council.
There will be a spirited annual election at
the San Francisco Produce Exchange this
morning.
John Geary, a teamster, was crushed to death
by an elevator in the Emporium yesterday
afternoon.
Catherine R. Beckwith wan yesterday ap
pointed guardian ot the $1400 estate of Frank
Ryer Beckwith.
Ock Wah was arrested yesterday morning on
suspicion of being the murderer of Lee Tie at
35 Waverly place.
The place of meeting of the Prohibition State
Central Committee has been changed from San
Jose to San Francisco.
The Twenty-eighth Assembly District Repub
lican Club met la«t night and made indorse
ments for several offices.
Emil Fritsch was yesterday appointed ex
ecutor of the will of Louis Schmidt, whose es
tate is valued at $10,000.
An old woman on Geary street escaped be
ing run over by a passing car yesterday by
falling into a heap of mortar.
The appeal of the San Francisco Grutli
Verein against Joseph yon Arx has been de
cided in favor of the appellee.
The Board of Education will not permit a
collection to be made In the public schools in
aid of the Golden Gate Carnival.
Company E of the First will start out on a
marching and camping expedition through
Santa Clara County next month.
The Exempts adopted resolutions last night
thanking Rear-Admiral Bearcislee for assisting
at the flag- raising on the 9th inst.
The Stonecutters' Union will endeavor to
have contractors ship rough material to this
City for its final dressing and finishing.
General Carlos Ezeta has prepared a mani
festo in reference to the Jimenez episode of
last Tuesday at the Hotel Marechal Niel.
The weather prediction for to-day is
"cioudy and threatening weather, light south
westerly winds and fog in the morning."
At the quarterly rally of the League of the
Cross Cadets of St. Paul's parish last night,
Joseph F. Donaldson won the essay contest.
J. S. Kimball of KimDall, the well-known
shipping man, is once more aDle to be around
the water front. He has been sick for a long
time.
Supervisor King admitted at the meeting of
the board that he, as chairman of the Hospital
Committee, had given a fat milk contract to a
friend.
The Board of Election Commissioners ap
pointed election officers for the Twenty-eighth,
Twenty-ninth and Forty-secoad districts yes
terday.
Peter Maher's manager says he will wait four
days more tor Choynski. If he does not get a
match he will give an exhibition and then go
back East.
Josephine H. Wilder, daughter of Joseph E.
Tftber, deceased, was yesterday appointed ad
ministratrix of his estate, which is valued at
about $7000.
Over 150 teachers and attaches of the Indian
schoo s of all the Coast States will meet here
during th" week beginning August 3 to dis
cuss methods.
G. A. Donahue and Joseph Twveth were
booked at the City Prison yesterday morning
for robbing John Smith, an Englishman out of
a job, while drunk.
Prominent steamship and railroad men met
here yesterday to discuss and devise plans to
increase the trans-Pacific passenger business
to and through this port.
William P. and Edward Bullard, as a climax
to their war with Joseph A., the elder brother,
over a valuable property on Hyde street, will
bring a suit in ejectment to-day.
Albert Johnson, employed in McGilvary's
stoneyard. on Second and King streets, was
seriously injured yesterday morning by a
heavy stone falling on top of him.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Coast Gas
Association will be held at 10 o'clock this
forenoon at the San Francisco Gas Company's
office, on First and Natoma streets.
The local Populists have erected a big tent
for campaign operations, on the corner of Lar
kin and Market streets. Secretary Gillespie
declares for a straight ticket and no fusion.
W. F. Leman, 3435 Sixteenth street, while
riding his bicycle across the track at Sixth and
: •! streets yesterday was struck by a cable
car, but was fortunately not seriously injured.
Impressive memorial services in honor of the
brave Slavonian dead who fell al the battle of
Lissa, in 1866, were held in the Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victoires yesterday morning.
Maurice Rosenthal yesterday filed a suit ask
ine fora dissolution of the firm of 51. Scheyer
.. o. and the appointment of a receiver. He
claims Scheyer overdrew his account about
$75,000.
The British ship Star of France, which ar
rived yesterday, made the fastest trip of the
year irom London. Over a dozen vessels are
behind iier and on some of them reinsurance
has been paid.
M. J. Kelly, wood and coal dealer on Second
avenue and Clement street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Joachimt-en's court yesterday
charging Edwara McLellnn, one of his em
ployes, with embezzling $40.
The Grand Jury will meet this afternoon
and steps may be taken to call agents of local
corporations to ascertain if corrupt influences
were used to ? ecu re reduction on certain ns
se^soiente in the Board of Supervisors.
Kansom Ellenwood, the ex-convict, who vic
timized a large number of hotels and board
ing-houses by passing worthless checks, was
yesterday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Campbell in $3000 bond 6.
The Board of Supervisors concluded their
session as a Beard of Equalization ye terday
by reducing tee assessments of a number of
large corporations and denying the applica
tions for redactions, made by various local
banks. • i
The State Development Committee is can
vassing the : City 'o procure funds for the
printing and distribution of thousands of maps
of California, with enlarged maps of San Fran
cisco, for distribution in the East as an adver
tisement. ;•
Superintendent of Schools Babcoct .has ad
dressed a circular letter to County Boards of
Educa ion demanding to know the reason why j
they do not grant teachers' certificates to
holders of the San Francisco Normal School
diplomas.
Cuptnin La Verge has succeeded Captain
Bucxman and Chief Engineer Samson takes
the place of Chief Engineer Smith on the
m back City of Everett. J. Jerome also suc
ceeds Captain James F. Chapman as the gen
eral agent . ...
On and after August 1 the Southern Pacific
will put in force the system of "discipline by
record." It is designed to improve the char
acter of individual xe,rvice on the part of em
ployes by disciplining them without involving
any loss of time or wages. ,
In order to break the monopoly now enjoyed j
by the Pacific Mail and Occidental steamship
companies strenuous efforts are being made by
the local commercial bodies to have the Nippon
Yu6en Kaisha, the great Japanese steamship
company, establish a line of steamers to this
port.
The executive committee of the forthcoming
Carnival of the Golden Gate has districted the
City, and to-day will canvass some of the lead
ing merchants for subscriptions. Miss Maxine
Elliott will to-day auction off seats for the Car
nival benefit at the Columbia' Wednesday. S.
H.'Frlcdlander was appointed Carnival direc
tor, and several minor changes Id the manage
ment were made,. MSHRsfiSHßtttifl
FASTEST VOYAGE
MADE THIS YEAR
The Star of France Gets in
Ahead of the Overdue
Fleet.
REINSURANCE WAS PAID
Change in the Agent and Offi
cers of the Whaleback
City of Everett
CAPTAIN BUCKNAM RETIRES.
Ha Will Return to the Great Lakes
and Take Command of a Vessel
There.
The first smart voyage of the season was
completed yesterday. The British ship
Star of France made the run from London
to San Francisco in 113 days, thus keeping
up her record, which is a remarkably good
one.
In 1883 the Star of France made the trip
in 110 days, in 1895 in 114 days and yester
day she completed her third voyage to
this port in 113 days. In 1883 Captain
Ulyatt was here in the Star of France as
second officer.
Vessels that are now a long way behind
the Star of France are the City of Phila
delphia and Santa Clnra from New York.
They are out 170 and 157 days respectively,
and heavy reinsurance has been paid on
them. The general impression is that the
vessels collided oS the Horn and went
down with all bands. News from the
British ship St. Enoch to the Merchants'
Exchange is to the effect that she was in
company with the American ship Santa
Clara and that on April 22 she passed the
Gowanbank ashore near Port Stanley with
every appearance of having been in colli
sion. If all three vessels came together
off the Horn then two of them have gone
down.
Other overdue vessels on which reinsur
ance have been paid are the Undaunted,
now out 181 days from Philadelphia; Ce
darbank, 186 days from Antwerp; Killmal
li«?, 152 days from Antwerp; F. 8. Ciampa,
154 days from Cardiff, and Cambusken
neth, 180 days from Hamburg.
All these vessels have made unusually
long passages, but then the weather has
been against them from the start and it
would not be at all surprising to find that
many of the captains have got tired of
doubling the Horn and have made ihe
longer run to Prisco via the Cape of Good
Hope.
Of other overdue vessels the Blackbraes
Is now out 182 days irom Liverpool. She
was in collision in the English Channel
and had to put back. Later she caught
fire and iad to put into Montevideo. The
Jordanhiil, also from Liverpool, is now out
179 days, but no anxiety is felt about her.
In connection with the Star of France's
run from London, the Ravensconrt is now
out 160 days, the Bremia 158 days and the
Sokoto 115 days. All three vessels have
been spoken on several occasions, so it is
simply a question of light winds and
calms that is keeping them back.
Captain Ulyatt of the Star of France re
ports that from June 14 to 30 he was in
company with the American ship A. G.
[ Ropes, now out 115 days from New York.
I Captain Rivers paid Captain Ulyatt a visit
j in midocean and they had a "good time."
When they finally parted company the
American ship had the wind, and signaled
the Star of France, "Please report me in
San Francisco as all well." Captain Ul
yatt has made his report, but Captain
Rivers never expected that the matter
would end that way. Probably the Ropes
has been caught in one of the prevailing
calms, and is now within a hundred miles
of San Francisco.
"Three weeks aeo we were wjthin 700
miles of San Francisco," said Captain
Ulyatt yesterday. "We had no favorable
wind, however, and there we had to lie.
It we had a fair wind we could have
made the trip in ninety-nine days, but
the fates were against us." We crossed the
equator eighty-four days out and I
thought we were going to break the
record, but then I have no kick coming
considering the number of vessels that are
behind me."
Captain Ulyatt is one of the youngest
masters in port and he has a lot of young
officers with him. The first offic»r is
Charles Camaron and the second officer
Charles Clavton. They are all Belfast
boys and have been brought up in the
"Star" line.
J. S. Kimball, owner of many steam
schooners and lumber vessels, returned
from Skaggs Springs yesterday. He has
been a very sick man, but has so far re
covered as to be able to return to business.
George Foeel, the well-known water
front clothier, lias returned from a three
weeks' visit to Harbin Sprinks. He
has become a convert to the "bike"
craze and the day before leaving for home
covered fifty-five miles over a mountain
ous road. He won a new suit on ttie
effort and wore it yasterday on the front.
There is a change on the Oity of Everett,
not only in the agents but in the officers.
J. Jerome, manager of the Saginaw Steel
Steamship Company, will in future con
trol the movements of the whaleback
and Captain La Verge will relieve Captain
Bucknam, while Chief Engineer Samson
will take the place of Chief Engineer
Smith. All the other officers will remain
and the City of Everett will continue to
carry coal from Nanaimo, B. C, for John
Rosenfeid's Sons. Captain Bucknam has
Deen on the whaleback ever since she was
launched and has made an enviable record.
During his command there has never been
an accident and the vessel has always
made time. He will go East to assume
command of a steamer on the lakes.
Captain La Verge was formerly master
of the wbaleback Joseph L. Colby, which
ran on the lakes for a while; was then
transferred to the Atlantic, and then back
to the lakes again. He is an old and ex
perienced master. The City of Everett is
owned by the American Steel Barge Com
pany of New York.
"Jim" GoodchiM, chief steward of the
Pacific Mail Company's steamer China, is
going to quit steamboating. He is one of
the most popular men in his line, and in
consequence has received many flattering
otters. On his last trip he was tendered
the management of the Hongkong Hotel,
and at once accepted it. He will go out
on the next trip of the steamer as a pas
senger, and will take up his new duties on
the arrival of the China at Hongkong.
The vacancy caused by his resignation
has not yet been tilled.
The steam schooner Alice Blanchard
brought down 800 sheep from Portland
yesterday. From stem to stern nothing
could be seen but wool, and the passen
gers were compelled to walk on an impro
vised platform in order to move around.
The sheep will be turned into mutton
forthwith.
K neaped by railing.
An old woman had a very narrow escape
|oni serious results on Geary street a few days
ago. A contractor, with characteristic disre
gard for the comfort or safety of pedestrians,
has permitted the sidewalk in front of two n-jw
buildings on Geary street, between Leaven
worth and Hyde, to remain blockaded by rub
bish and building material.
Persons passing along on that side of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
The British Ship Star of France That Has Just Completed a Smart Passage of 113 Days From London.
Eng. More Than a Dozen Vessels From Eastern ad European Ports Are Behind Her and
Several Are Considered Overdue.
way are forced to Uke the middle of the
street. This was the case with an old woman
who was hemmed in between heaps of mortar
by a passing Geary-street car, and saved her
self from accident by falling into the com
pound, where she remained until the car
passed. She escaped with a spoiled garment.
END OF AN OLD SUIT.
The Supreme Court Affirms the Deci
sion of the Lower Tribunal in the
Painter Will Case. " Vr.r.lfi,
The Painter will case, which has ganged
its winding gait for about ten years in and
out of the various courts, has at last been
settled, so far as the Supreme Court is
concerned. The property involved is ex
tensive and valuable, including the
Painter Type . Foundry .ou Clay street, a
business location at the southwest corner
of Washington and Sansome streets, be
sides certain machinery, type and fixtures.
J. Milton Painter, a brother of Jerome
B. Painter, the testator, has sued the ex
ecutors of the estate for permission to sell
the real estate occupied by the type
foundry in order to settle certain claims
with the proceed. These claims, accord
ing -to the plaintiff's statement, were in
curred by the deceased by way of a per
i sonal debt to the rirm of which he - was a
| member. -The widow and children de
nied this averment, and on the case being
| tried the issues of tact were found to be in
favor of their contention. Judgment was
.given for the defendants, from which the
plaintiff appealed.
The Supreme Court decided that as the
' appeal had not been taken within sixty
: days after the rendition of judgment it
; could not consider the evidence. No error
was found in the judgment of the lower
tribunal, which was exhaustively re
viewed by Justice McFarland, and with
the concurrence of Justices Hensbaw and
Temple its judgment was affirmed.
» ♦ «
BlcKinley Republican league.
The McKinley Republican League will hold
its initial meeting this' evening in the rooms
of the Union League, Palace Hotel. Special
business of interest is expected.
CADETS OUARTERLY RALLY
The Essay Contest at St. Paul's
Won by Joseph F.
Donaldson.
A Literary and Musical Programme
Which Delighted a Large
Audience.
The quarterly rally of tbe League of the
Cross Cadets of St. Paul's parish was held
last evening in St. Paul's Church *t
Twenty-ninth and Church streets. Brief
opening remarks were made by Chairman
J. McCormick and one of the largest and
finest audiences that ever assembled in
the lecture-room of St. Paul's enjoyed the
following programme:
Piano solo, Miss Kate Rottigan; vocal solo,
"Sing, Pretty Birds, to Me," Miss Etta Kentzall;
essay, "What Drunkenness Costs," Joseph F.
Donaldson, secretary of the junior branch
of the Ltaeue of the Cross Cadets 01 St. Paul's;
cornet solo, John A. Kennedy; recitation,
"William Tell," Henry R. Brown; hymn,
"America," by the audience; essay, "What
Drunkenness Costs," Private Harry Allen,
Company X, League of the Cross Cadets: piano
solo, Dr. Louif" P. Ovideo; chorus, "The Tor
pedo and the Whale," Young Men's Choral
Society of St. Paul's; recitation, "The Angel
Guardian," litile Miss Camille Brouillard;
Highland fling, Miss Annie McNeil.
There was also an address by Rev. Philip
O'Ryan, who said that St. Paul's had the
most active League of this Cross corps in
the City. Other addresses were made by
Rev. William O'Grady of Bt. Paul's and
Thomas H. Fa lion. The closing hymn
was "Te Deum." .
The young men who delivered the essays
on "What Drunkenness Costs" competed
for the tionor of representing the parish in
the district essay contest of the first' dis
trict, comprising 8t- Paul's, St. Peter's and
St. James' parishes, to be held in Mission
Parlor Hall, at Seventeenth and Valencia
streets, at 2 o'clock next Sunday after
noon, for a silver medal. The judges last
evening, Miss Mary Busted, Miss Annie
Wniteside and M. L. Downey, decided in
favor of Joseph F. Donaldson.
The winners in the district contests will
compete Sunday evening, in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion, for the diamond medal of
fered by Most Right Rev. Archbishop
Riordan.
■ • m »' ■
DID HE STEAL THE BONDS?
I. Fried Charged With Fraudulently
and Clandestinely Obtaining
'Securities.
Agnes Fried, administratrix of the estate
of Harris Fried, has entered suit against
I* Fried for the recovery of four bonds of
the Spring Valley Water Works, valued at
16000.
It is alleged in the complaint that the
defendant is about to be arrested and that
he, about the time of the death of Harris
Fried, "unlawfully, fraudulently, secretly
and clandestinely" came into possession
of the bonds without the knowledge or
consent of the plaintiff. It is averred that
he embezzled, alienated and converted to
his own. use the bonds which were the
property of the deceased, and that he has
since, while under oath and testifying in
a lawsuit, perjured himself by declaring
i that he has not and never had possession
of the bonds, while plaintiff knew be had
and has. ' ...
The Woerner Will.
Gustave Woerner, Fritz Woerner and David
Woerner Jr. were yesterday appointed execu
tors of the will of David Woerner. who owned
and Conducted the cooperage business at Four
teenth and Harrison streets.
Robert Acton's Will.
The will of Robert Acton was yesterday ad-'
mitted to probate. Acton left property valued
at $9200. Catherine Acton has applied for leu
ters of administration on the estate.
• — ♦ •
Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', IB Grant avenue, -«. ;;..-, -- . ■ : - , .«; *•.
WITH PLAYERS
AT THE THEATERS
Frawley's Company Pre
sents "Two Escutcheons"
at the Columbia.
"CARMEN" YET DRAWING
Signor Biondi, the Marvelous, in
Opera and Rapid Changes
at the Orpheum.
PRETTY MIGNON AT THE TIVOLI
Emmett Sheridan a Favorite at the
Grand Opera-House — The N.xt
Season at the Baldwin.
Tbe old favorite comedy, "The Two
Escutcneons," was given by the Frawley
Company at tbe Columbia Theater last
evening to a full and fashionable house.
It was the first of Miss Maxine Elliott's
last week, or naif week, prior to her de
parture for Australia, and the many
friends of this talented actress made up a
; larce audience.
In "The Two Escutcheons" she was a
young American widow traveling in Ger
many who captures a Captain yon Vinct,
a gentleman of more leisure than money.
She, however, puts him on a more credit
able financial footing before she becomes
Mrs. yon Vinct
Harry Carson Clarke as Thomas Foster,
a rich porßist from Chicago, and his
daughter Mary (Miss Gertrude Elliott),
were excellent types of the true Western
ers among the German aristocrats. Ty
rone Power as Baron yon Wettengen, with
pride in his ancestors, was perfect in his
horror and contempt for tne pork-packer,
whose daughter was espoused by his son,
and their quarrels were most amusing.
Miss Maxine Elliott will appear to-night
and to-morrow evening. Wednesday after
noon "London Assurance" will be given
by the Frawley company for the benefit of
the Carnival of the Golden Gate.
Tbe California Theater.
To have seen Rose Coghlan in Peg Woffing
ton was a pleasure, to see her in "Carmen"
is a delight that will linger long, for her act
ing of the part of the heartless coquette Is as
artistic as it it perfect. The merit of this
production, in which Miss Coghlan is sup
ported by Frederick Warde and the Btockwell
company, was such that the management of
the California was forced to continue it an
other week, so great was the demand. That
this demand was genuine was proved by the
large audience last night. The most charming
scene is in the second act, where a bit of real
ism from Spanish life is presented, including
types of men and women, music, soft and
sweet, rendered on guitar and maudolin, and
dances.
The Grand Opera House.
Emmett Sheridan, the popular Irish come
dian, made his reappearance at the Opera
House last evening. He was greeted by a full
bouse. He appeared in the character of Con
Reilly in Howard P. Taylor's comedy-drama,
"Irish Inspiration," which is thoroughly Irish
sensational in parts and humorous in others.
There are In this play villainy, treachery, pretty
love scenes, an abduction, false accusation
and triumph of love, virtue and integrity
over the arch conspirator and his confederate,
and Just punishment for their many crimes.
Last night was the first production in this City
of this play. It has had a very successful ruu
East and in London, and if the enthusiasm
with which it was received is to be taken as
an index It will run here into a secoud week.
The pl«r 1» staged with beautiful scenery, the
most natural Deinc a wood scene in the first
act with a cascade of real water, the effect
being heightened by changing l!ghts.
As Con Reilly Mr. Sheridan presented a rol
licking Irish lad, true as steel and ever ready
to serve in the cause of right nnd Justice. The
character calls for songs of the Emerald Isle,
which he gives with good effect, and in render
ing "The Songs That My Mother Sang to Me"
be enthused the audience to such a pitch that
he was forced to repeat five times. Daisy Gro
gan, a child actress, made quite a hit In the
character of Elly. Fred J. Butler was "at
home" in the character of Squire Fox, the gen
tlemanly villain, and the other characters
were sustained by Eugene Moore, Julia Blanc
and other members of the troupe. Several of
the works of the scenic art Ut were loudly ap
plauded when shown.
The Orpheum.
Tnere is not a single turn at the Orphenm
that U not worth the price of admission. The
public has come to understand this faot, and
last night, instead of the seats going begging,
hundreds of people lined up along the wall
and blocked the aisles in their eagerness to
see and bear as good vaudeville as ha« ever
been produced here.
Two new features, Ross Snow and Burk
Clark, and Blondi, were presented in addition
to the bill that proved so attractive last week.
Snow and Clarfc, in their grotesque mußical
turn, were seen here many months ago, but
that makes little difference. They were as ac
ceptable last night as they were when they
made their first obeisance to the California
public.
Snow will be remembered as the man who
plays the trombone, no matter which end of It
he uses as a mouthpiece, or whether he sits on
the top of a ladder or fulls from his high posi
tion. He tumbled twenty feet last night and
landed upon his feet without losing a note.
The greatest feature of the evening was the
Italian opera by Biondi. Not another person
takes a part in it. and still, by tbe changing of
his voice both in singing and in dialogue, and
his lightning changes of costume, he enables
his audience to easily imagine having seen
and heard six people on the stage.
Unfortunately Bondi's great merit is not
appreciated as it should be. He is an Italian,
with little or no command of tbe English lan
guage. Hence, all bis dialogue, which must
be called so from the diversity of characters
and intonations he gives, is not'tuily appre
ciated. But the people very soon appreciated
his rapid changes.
The Tlvoli.
Last evening ushered in the third week of the
grand-opera season at the Tivoli. The audito
rium was packed in all parts and the perform
ance was received with great enthusiasm.
Ambroise Thomas' pretty opera, "Mignon,"
constituted the programme. It was splendidly
sung and acted.
In the name part Nina Bertini Humphreys
achieved a veritable triumph, and was also
very picturesque in appearance. Mme.Natall
was also a great success, and her solo In the
third act provoked an encore that had to be
complied with.
Anna Russell made & pretty figure. She
sang niceiy. Fernando Michelena made a
capital Wilhelm. He was humlsome in appear
ance, graceful and, when required, passionate
in action. He sang throughout like & true
artist, and proved himself to be one of the best
tenors that has appeared in this City.
Special mention must be made of Signor
Abramoff, who as the minstrei Lothario
greatly distinguished himself. He acted with
fine dramatic power and sang with passion.
Laertes found a fair exponent in Richard
Earl, and William H. Tooker. who appeared
only in the first act, rendered his difficult
"bit" of music In a manner that proved him
to be an artist of great promise. The remain
ing parts were capably rendered.
(iustave Hinrichs and the Tivoli orchestra
were among: the most conspicuous features of
a very excellent performance.
To-night "Martha" will be presen*
Baldwin Theater.
Next Monday the Baldwin's season will open
with "Bohemia," to be presented by Charles
Frohman's Empire Theater Company. This
comedy by Ciyde Fitch will be followed by
"The Benefit of the Doubt" and "Ihe Mas
queraders."
The Casino.
The new bill in the Casino at the Chutes
went very well yesterday afternoon and last
evening. The new people are Ryder and
Conlon, grotesque acrobatic performers, and
Al Hazard, a ventriloquist quite out of the
ordinary kind. Virginia Aragon, the wire
walker, and the Mario-Dunham family are as
popular as ever. Two performances are given
daily, one at 2:30 and one at 8:30.
THE CHILDREN'S NICKELS
A Proposition of the Carnival
Committee That Will Not
Be Adopted.
The School Department Rules Pro
hibit the Collection of Contribu
tions From Pupils.
The Golden Gate Carnival committee
has under consideration a proposition to
have the school children of this City,
when the schools open on the first Mon
day in August, ballot for a Queen of the
Schools, the cnildren to pay 5 cents for
each ballot.
In this matter the committee will ran
against a snag in the shape of a rule of tbe
Board of Education, which reads as fol
lows:
Sec. 109. Teachers are prohibited from col
lecting any contributions from pupils for any
purpose whatever, unless application for per
mission to do so be first made to the commit
tee on rules.who may grant or deny the re
quest or refer it to the board.
"No one," said Assistant Secretary
Wade of the Board of Education yester
day, "has asked for permission to raise| a
contribution in the schools by means of
ballets at 5 cents each, and if it were asked
it is pretty safe to say it would be refused.
The teachers would not t>e allowed to
make such a collection, and it is not likely
that the board would grant that permis
sion to persons outside of the depart
ment."
"I for one," said School Director Mur
dock, "am opposed to any such propo
sition. There are any number of people
who want to use the School Department
for such purposes, but the board is against
such schemes. To grant permission for
tbe purpose of raising funds for the car
nival would set a precedent that would
cause any amount of trouble and dissatis
faction, and to avoid this the proper thing
is to deny all requests."
Henry I. Fisher of the carnival com
mittee stated that the suggestion to bal
lot for a queen of the School Department
came from school children, and he thought
it would prove quite a success, but when
he was informed that no such action could
be taken without permission of the Board
of Education, and that it was very doubt
ful if it would be granted, he diplomati
cally added, "Mind you, that was only a
suggestion, and of course if it be in vio
lation of the rules of the board the com
mittee will not act upon it."
SHORT WINE CROP.
The Indications Are Now That the
Output Will Be Decreased Fifty •
Per Cent.
Chief Deputy Loupe returned from
Fresno yesterday, where he has been for
three or four days inspecting the distil
leries at that point and incidentally cast
ing an observant eye over the ■> proDable
wine output for the present year.
"I am of the opinion that there will not
be much over two million gallons of sweet
wine made this season. Last year the out
put was 4,200,000 gallons, but I expect a
decrease of at least ,60 t per cent. The dry
wine crop is equally short, so it is probable
that wtnemakers will receive a much bet
ter price for their roods. v"®i^iMH
"They are preparing to erect five new
distilleries in Fresno, ore of which will
have a capacity of 5000 gallons of brandy a
day. Tenney & Co. will put up a distil
lery particularly adapted to prunes and
apricots. Heretofore it has been the cus
tom to destroy the peelings and such fruit
as was too soft to be canned, the expenses
incident to such a process being considera
ble. Now the peelings and soft fruit in
stead of being an expense will be a source
of revenue. I consider that the outlook
for business during the next year is most
flattering."
> ♦ — »
Horn's School foi Boys, Burllngame. Sixth
X*r begins Aug. 4. Ira Q. Hoitt, I'h.D., Master*
HOW UNCLE SAM'S
INCOME COMES IN
Official Figures for the
Fiscal Year Ending
June 30.
GOOD SHOWING MADE.
The Receipts Are Equal to
Those of Any Previous
Twelve Months.
AMOUNT OF SUGAR IMPORTED.
Total Duty Collected Foots Up Nearly
Five and a Half Million
Dollars.
The business of the Federal Government
at the port of San Francisco for the fiscal
year ending June 30 was considerably in
excess of that of the previous year. Col
lector Wise and those under him fingered
over $5,500,000, and in addition to this
handled eoods to tbe value of nearly
$50,000,000.
While the total receipts were about $1000
short of 1895, the duty paid more than
overbalanced this loss. The combined re
ceipts at the port for the fiscal year were
as follows :
Dntypaid........ $5,447,766 67
Tonnage tax ; 43,303 83
Fines, penalties, etc. i ; 6.064 14
Storage, labor, cartage..... ;... 542 10
Official lees... ; 7,630 84
Miscellaneous......'.. 21,337 76
Total ; .85,526,635 34
Of this sum $254,839 68 was returned in
the shape of drawbacks. The exports, do
mestic and foreign, of merchandise and
treasure, are considerably in excess of that
of the previous ; year. The record is as
follows: Domestic — Merchandise, $31,127,
--452; treasure, $7,326,597; total, $38,454,049.
Foreign— Merchandise, $465,904; treasure,
$6,291,476; total, $6,757,380.
The sugar imported probably furnished
the greatest part of the five and a half
million dollars of duty collected. The
total number of pounds imoorted was
322,330,173, valued at $40,422,314. The
record for the fiscal year by months •is as
follows:
Free, Dutiable, I
Month. pounds. pounds. I Value.
July 23,188,461; S,668.60ll $2,602,153
August 9.038.8511 3.665,855! 3,028,459
September... 6,421.1661 2.11H.651 3,190.655
"ctober 4,650,8ft'2J 2,778,495 2,t>81,212
November.. 6,627.464! 2,934,8201 4,691,151
Lecember... 2,978.139; 1,9.7,356 2,589.797
January 16,135.601 1,250,858 3,415.293
February.... 3S,616,917j 2,808,448 3,855,995
MarcH 42,476.809 '2.492.799 4,484,537
49,676,6391 3,716,218 3,996,192
May 44,543,191 4,056.963 3,562,538
June 42,306,733 4,350,617 3,124,432
Totals 286,659,622135,770,661 $40,422,314
The number of vessels entered and
cleared from foreign and domestic ports
and entries of merchandise subject to and
free of duty, together with the vessels
licensed, will be seen below:
Vessels entered from foreign ports, 883; ves
sels cleared for foreign ports, 838; vessels en
tered from domestic ports, 222; vessels cleared
for domestic ports, 557; entries of merchan
dise for duty, 10.628; entries of merchandise
free of duty. 5048; entries for warehouse,
1713; licenses for coasting trade, 636; licenses
for vessels under 20 tons, 73.
To handle this amount of business there
were 256 men, drawing in salaries of $228,
--629 67. Other expenses run the total out
put of tbe Collector's office tp $358.869 98.
Of the 256 employes in the customs ser
vice 36 are to be found in the Appraiser's
office, 203 coming directly under the eye
of the Collector.
LEE TIE'S MURDER.
Ock Wall Arrested on Suspicion of
Firing the Fatal
Shot.
Tbe Chinese who is suspected of murder
ing Lee Tie. the clam-dealer, in the hall
way of 35 Waverly place early yesterday
morning, was arrested by Sergeant Helms
and posse a few hours later on Pacific
street. He goes by the name of Ock Wah.
He is confined in the "tanks" at the City
Prison pending further investigation.
One of the Chin se who saw the shoot
ing positively identified Ock Wah as the
murderer. Policemen Long and Haskell
visited his rooms yesterday and found
other convincing testimony. When ar
rested a loaded revolver wa9 found upon
him and in his room shells exactly iike
the ones used to kill Lee Tie and corre
sponding to those in the revolver were
discovered.
The police are inclined to believe that
SEW TO-DAY.
There are a dozen differ*
ent kinds' of "tea in this
country as good as Schil-
ling's Best — would be as
good if they were roasted
in America. These dozen
different good teas come
from China, India, and
Ceylon — none from Japan
that we know of — they
all cost more than Schil-
lings Best
Cost more; but are not
so fresh; and freshness is
one of the chiefest charms
of tea —as freshness is the
charm of coffee (did you
ever hear of coffee roasted ':
in Java?). . .
We have, right here in
San x Francisco, the only
tea-roasting machines in
the United States, and
Schillings Best is Foasted
in them.
Your money back if you
: don't like Schillings Best—-
at grocer's.
A Schilling* & Company
San Francisco fg^
-: - agEW TO-PAY. '■■ ■
/ Beauty's bane is'*'^^^ -^
the fading or falling of \^>^fr
the hair. Luxuriant :■' fo r> •
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or. fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
the shooting grew out of a quarrel about i
woman.
Ock Wan was booked last night on th«
charge of murder.
• ■* — •
Socialists Organizing.
There wss a goodly gathering of socialists at
1159 Mission street last night and the Thirty,
first Assembly District Club of the Socialist.
Labor p&rty was organized. H. Bernard wai
selected as chairman, H. J. Ford, recording
secretary; M. Spaeny, financial secretary, and
D. R. Lutge, delegate to the county convention.
Ihe ciut> will meet every week. "XextSundui
the Third Assembly District clubs of Socialists
now organized will meet at 115 Turk street tc
discuss the political situation and arrange foi
the formation of clubs in nearly every districl
in the City.
The Kennedy Divorce Case.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted Hattie &
Kennedy $50 per month alimony, pending
trial of the suit for divorce which she has en
tered against Albert W. Kennedy, the lumbei
dealer. An additional 950 for expenses was
ordered paid before July 23.
. Kennedy is charged with all sorts of marital
shortcomings. His wife claims he has been
guilty of numerous acts of infidelity and
cruelty and asks for divorce, alimony and the
custody of their minor child.
• — ♦■ — »
Sued the Emporium Companj
George M. Rogers has sued the Emporium
Company for $25,000 damages for breach of
contract. On June 8, 1896, a contract was
made between the parties to the suit, by the
terms of which Rogers was to carry on a hard
ware business in the store of the defendants
but which contract. Rogers claims, the Em
porium Company declines to keep.
♦ —^ — «. ,
The Divorce Court.
Jud?e Dangerfield yesterday granted a di>
vorce to Lillian Belle Walsh from James J.
Walsh on the ground of desertion. The cus
tody of the minor child was awarded to the
plaintiff.
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
rmCDLAnOLR.<)OTTU)Bft c°- u»c3AaDrv«MU»— • ■
ARE THE
YOU FORTUNATE
ONE OF ONES
Who Got a seat Last Night ? It Not, Remember,
There Are But Two More Performances of
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS 1
■».— ,— .^.— ,— u-^J-^_r-l^n-r^-O_r^^-l_^VJ->_<-vJ^^_r-|_l- t J-^ -^_ < - )^l
bo Charmingly Freseuufi by the
FRAWLEY
COMPANY!
MISS MAXINE ELLIOTT'S "Farewell."
SPECIAL !
To-morrow (Wednesday) Afternoon,
"LONDON ASSURANCE"
For the Benefit of the
CARNIVAL OF THE GOLDEN GATE.
Thursday and During the Week.
Beappearance of JIARRAKET CRAVEN,
In Ouida's Famous Dramatization,
MOTHS !"
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
■^"^"""■"""""""^ TO-NIGHT and all
A. AT THE . ■ this week, with Reg-
IA I IPaisil I A ular Matinee .-at -day
tIALIFuPNIA and lE3- Extra. Pro-
Tr 'Ml WlMlin fessional Matinee
..-■■■ ■"^■~"" Thursday, July 23.
Stock-well Co. of Flayers and
MISS COKHLAN. MR. WARDE.
The Big Hit of the Year!
1 Artistic, Beautiful, Spectacular.
Last performance of "Carmen" Sunday meht.
Monday. July 27— Exquisite Shakespearean pro-
duction "MERCHANT UF VENICE"— Mr.
Warde, Shyloct: Miss Coghlan. Portia.
I™""" I•mmmmm^i^^^^^^mm^1 •mmmmm^i^^^^^^mm^ Grand Reopening
k AT THE .# I Monday, July 27—
U A ■ ikiAflll I Charles Frohman's
KAI nVtf Ira I KMPIRE THKA-
fIJ/\L.ISVY 11^ I TER CO. of JN. V.,
-' ; '."•_- . - .'• _„ . .'presenting Clyde
Fitch's play "Bohemia." Seats ready Thursday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. tENK»Ti.vK Kheuvh, Proprietor & .\i.*a*ca:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hxxbichs.
THIS EVENING "
, Also Saturday Evening, Flotow's Favorite Opera,
"MARTHA."
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday Evenings,
i Ambroise Thomas' Romantic Opera,
' "MIQNON."
Thursday Evening, 25th Anniversary Guatar
Hlnrlchs' Directorship— SPEClAL BILL—
"I PAOLiIAOCI"
Orchestral Selections from
"HANSEL AND GRETEL."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater la America.
WaLTKR MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Maoacw
. THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Return Star Engagement of the Popular Comedian
EMSIKTT SHEKIDAN
In Howard P. Taylor's Latest Success,
"IRISH INSPIRATIONS'
A Picturesque Story of the Emerald Isle.
Evening Prices— 3sc and 50c.
Family • ircl» and Gallery, 10c
Usual Matinee* Saturday and Sunday;
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, July 20.
A Tremendous Hit Last Night !
BIONDI!—— —BIONDI !
THE TALK OF THE TOWN TO-DAY.
Snow & Clark, Washburne Sisters, Vadii Sister*
i Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chair*
and Box seats. 60c. - .
THE CHUTES,
CASINO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Great Success of Our New Bill!
BY DEB and C)NLOX, Acrobats Grotesque.
AL HAZARD, the Word's Premier Ventriloquist,
MISS VIOLA SHELDON*, Soprano.
VIRGINIA ARAGOX, Que»n of Wire Walker*,
and the Marvelous
MAP.LO-DUNiIAM FAMILY. a,
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, Including .Merry-Go- Hound Ride, 5 cents.
Jfotw fßailisi.
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS,
Open Dally from 7 A. M. Until 11 E-i*
78
COGSWELL COLLEGE
A SEAT OF WAR.
An Alleged "Cut-Throat
Policy" Is Vigorously
Scored.
"A VENERABLE BIPED."
Professor Griffith Hauls the
Administration Over the
Coals.
ART HERE AND IN EUROPE.
The Educator Pays a Compliment to
the Management of the Late
Principal.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
To the Editor of the Call— Sir: Since the clos
ing of the Cogswell School on the 12th ult., I '
have been repeatedly asked by students and j
their friends regarding: the opening next year,
stress being given as to who trie faculty are to I
be and what studies are to be taken up.
Reviewing my connection with the school
during the past year, I do so with a Certain i
amount of satisfaction irrespective of the
feeble encouragement received at the hands I
of the board of trustees. From its very incep- j
tion a certain member or members of that j
august body had become antagonistic to the
teaching of clay modeling, considering it as a
useless source of amusement. With that low
opinion of art it is no wonder that I should
find one or more members placing obstacles of
the meanest kind in my way, simply to thwart
the progress of my pupils.
With that ignoble indifference to the future
welfare of these young folks, the trustees at
last have resolved to discontinue the model
ing class in the future, and have therefore to
a considerable degree damped the ardor of
tome of my most promising pupils, who were
endeavoring to obtain some knowledge of the
art in anticipation of utilizing it to some ma
terial profit in future, by teaching or other
wise. A few came to study expressly for that
purpose. Others, on the other hand, were de
sirous of cultivating their taste so as to
beautify their homes.
Turning to the utility of art, which this
board of trustees by that blind impulse which
speeds them on to a vortex of inevitable un
certainty has ignored, I ask, "Of what benefit
can modeling be?" I answer, "Come and
learn."
An author whose name I now forget says:
"The ethics of a nation may be judged by its
progress in art." All the arts may be included,
viz.: sculpture, painting, architecture, spoken
and written language, music and dancing —
of which, in conjunction with science, go to
build up, as It were, the so-called fabric of our
modern civilization. It has often struck me
whether what we call civilization is but an
other phase of the savage state which we are
now passing through, for there are so many
strange characters among us whose cultured
antics seem to be much in common with those
of our prehistoric forefathers of a thousand
centuries ago. But to the credit of these
ancient people be it said that they could draw
and carve, and this alone is a bit of history
handed down to our anthropologists from the
remotest epoch.
Gibbon, the historian, said that had he no
other materials at hand there were extant
sufficient, number of coins and medals to
write the history of Rome from. Apart from
its value as recording historical events, the
study of the plastic arts must necessarily train
the eye to beautiful forms, as much as the cul
tivation of sound must develop the acoustic
faculties of the ear so as to enjoy the enchant
ing sensations produced by melody and har
mony. Whatever beauty there is in art man
will invariably find considerable enjoyment,
whether it be by the agency of the eye or the
ear, and this will unavoidably contribute to
the amelioration of his social and physical
well being.
Reverting to the work of my pupils during
the past year 1 may cay that over 180 plaster
casts were made from their models, varying in
size from a life-sized bust (of which there were
•eighteen) to simple foliage, parts of the human
figure, and animals. There were left at the
close of the school four clay models in prog
ress—three of the Venus of Milo and a lion.
These students have now little or no hope of
finishing them.
. In wood-carving progress was not so marked
as in modeling, owing to the insufficient num
ber of tools, whicn were repeatedly asked for.
It was impossible to start the whole of the
, junior classes for this reason. However, the
lew pupils who began carving did exceedingly
well for th«> short time they were at the school
It is strange, but true, that the state of bliEs
ful ignorance of a clique of would-be leaders
of education cannot be evolved from their pres
ent chaotic conditions of indifference to the
future of the rising generation «nd learn from
the experience of other countries that wood as
•well as stone carving is an industry of no mean
pretensions and may become so here were the
advantages favorable to its growth. I feel a
certain amount of pride in saying that many
of these students have shown considerable tal
ent in so short a time, and would, I am sure,
with careful training under the guidance of
an experienced tutor develop into artists of
considerable merit. But, so far. the trustees
of the Cogswell College have strongly ex
pressed themselves more in favor of hammer
ing iron and chopping wood only, without
having the slightest inclination for any artistic
feelings. ,
"Ignorance," says Sabartha, "is a crime, ana
in evidence of its truth we sometimes meet
with those contemptible parasites of society
who are the baneful obstructionists of an
otherwise progressive age." These are the au
tocrats of liberty who claim their heritage of
'freedom to crush the freedom of others.'
The bondage of iniquity is chained up with
links forged by superstition and ignorance.
Would to God that the sycophants of
this age and ■ race of ours would go
back to the art schools and academies
of Europe to preach the destruction
of their buildings by a little "misplaced mat
ter" in the form of clay, as they have done to
me at the Cogswell school. Before their re
turn, if they should possess sufficient intelli
gence, they may learn that the autocracy of
intellect reiens more supreme there than it
does in San Francisco.-
Speaking of the trustees of the Cogswell
College, and their scurrilous treatment of the
faculty, I have repeatedly said that the best
friends of the Institution were those who ab
sented themselves from the school. On onr
appointment last year we were asked to ac
cept as our salaries the pitiful sum of $1000 a
year, with the promise of an increase should
the pending lawsuit be decided in favor of the
trust, poverty being the plea for the munifi
cence of the board in rating our ability at that
turn. - ' , .
Letters dated March 31 were sent to mem
bers of the faculty to the effect that, owing to
the uncertainty of the result of the legal de
cision, no contract for our employment for
anotner year would be made. On June 3 the
board of .trustees, in conjunction with the
faculty, had a meeting to discuss matters in
the interest of the school. *In answer to a
question from the principal, we were assured
that the school would be continued the forth
coming year, as heretofore, until the decision
of the court. However, the court. decided in
favor of the trust the following day. ; Next
morning it was announced in the papers. On
the morning of June 12 we all received a
dainty little envelope enclosing the following
note, dated the previous day : .
At a meeting of the board of trustees of the Cogs
viMil Polytechnic College held this day. It was re
solved: That the position of each teacher now
employed in the college be declared vacant on and
after June IS, and that their salaries be paid to
July 16. Yours sincerely, ■
. . .-. ". ' . , J. H. Cclvkb, Secretary.
This oscillating and . deplorable uncertainty
whien the board has taken upon itself seems
10 have staggered almost every member of the
faculty, but on collecting our thoughts, with
our previous experience, why should we be so
surprised at this erratic action in doling out
. their ; "eleemosynary," which the trust deed
speaks of ? •
With the present cutthroat policy which the
trustees have inaugurated, it is sad to note the
baneful effect which It has already had upon
students whom I have seen since the school
closed (and I have seen a great many). They de
clare they will not return at all, or if they do,
it will only be for two or three days a week. ■
Although six members of the old faculty
have been reappointed no official notification
of the fact bad been made to them for at least
two weeks after : and possibly not made up to
this date. Personal inquiries had to be made
to know their fate. • • : •>.■■. - v
As to the notice which appeared In your
i««ue of the Ist inst., where it mentioned that
the college had an enrollment of 300 students,
1 . do not know why this erroneous number
should have been given, for it rather misrep
resents the state of the school. The enroll
meut book at the beginning oi last year's t«rm
shows 199. A limit of 200 had already been
given by the board. With regard to the suc
cess of 'the school, it must not be rated by the
invidious opinioa of a trustee, but by the
work which the students had accomplished,
due to a great extent to the excellent manage
ment of its late principal.
He who has no other qualification than that
of a mere successful practical carpenter to act
as one of the venerable beads of this institu
tion seems to have taken a good deal of re
sDonsibilitv upon Jiimself when he applauds
the future" management by suoh unqualified
encomiums. The subject of his unequivocal
remarks, he tells us, will not attempt to teach.
There is & very good reason for it, the mystery
of which he does not attempt to elucidate.
How a man can be thoroughly familiar with
the modern methods of conducting a manual
training institution of this kind without hav
ing acquired any previous experience is a mys
tery to all other than our versatile friend.
He mat used to stalk about the school with
that self-reliance of a man who felt the
thoroughness of his dignified position at the
head of an educational establishment! Picture
a venerable biped, lbua talking and of boastful
mien, murdering the English language br
euch expressions a3 the following: "Give it to
1," "He need not care for I," etc., and we get a,
fair example of a Goat Hill would-be educa
tionalist. What impertinence on the part of
such a man to criticize the studies of the stu
dents!
It is amusing to notice the eood opinion
which he has of his brother trustee, "a pat
tern-maker by trade, an expert bookkeeper
and accountant, an experienced busiues* man
of rare ability." It is to be hoped mat "by the
grace of God. which passeth all understand
ing," that with such an extraordinary amount
of talent brought into the future management,
the board of trustees of the Cogswell Polytech
nic College will derive all the benefits due
their generous and benevolent efforts to "train
up a child in the way he should go," etc., ho
that in the course of time they may reap that
harvest due only to those with an unselfish
end.
Strange, too, are the statements regarding
the income of the school. In your issue of
June sit was stated to be $100,000. In that of
the 2d inst. it was reduced to $20,000. From
private sources I hear lt must be between
$40,000 and $50,000 a year. The expense of
running the bchqol last year was under
$15,000. With the splendid Income now at their
disposHl the trustees are stiil in that poverty
stricken state of mind that they cannot afford
to \>ny their reappointed instructors more than
$200 in advance oi their salaries of last year,
making in all $1200 per annum.
Although I have not a copy of the deed of
trust by me at present, if 1 remember rightly
there is a clause in it to the effect that the
trui-tees should present an annum statement
of their account to the Mayor of this City. Let
Mayor Sutro see to that as a duty to his fellow
citizens and especially to the trustees.
J. M I LO GRIFFITH.
LENT DIGNITY AND HONOR
Resolutions Concerning Rear-
Admiral Beardslee Adopted
by the Exempts.
Thanks to Lieutenant-Commander la
gersoll and to the Officer in Charge
of the Naval Battalion.
The Exempt Fire Company of this City
held a meeting in its ball on Brenham
place last evening, Vice-President A. J.
Jessup in the chair.
During the evening Washington Irving,
an exempt from Monumental 6, alluded to
the assistance rendered the company in
tne celebration of the fiftieth anniversary
of the occupation of Yerba Buena and of
fered the following preamble an-t resolu
tions, which were unanimously adopted,
ordered engrossed, framed and forwarded
to Rear-Admiral Beardslee:
Wheeeas, The honorable duty of hoisting
the American flag on Portsmouth square ln
commemoration of the action of Captain John
B. Montgomery of the United States sloop-of
war Portsmouth, on the 9th day of July, 1846,
•was assigned to the Exempt Fire Company by
the honorable society known as the Veterans ot
the Mexican War, and having accepted the
responsibility, we assumed to celebrate the
semi-centennial of the occupation of Yerba
Buena (now the great City oi San Francisco)
on the inn day of July, 189G, in our own hum
ble way, and whereas, we did not
deem ourselves of sufficient importance ;in
the community or possessed of the re
quisite ability to be equal to the oc
casion, fearing that our insignificant
efforts if unaided might result in failures, we
appealed to Rear-Admiral Lester A. fleard«lre
for assistance and co-operaiion. well knowln*
that tne honor and glory growing out oi ihe
acquisition of* California belonged chiefly to
the naval arm of our service, and that the
presence of a naval force on the ground would
add due dignity to the event; and whereas,
the admiral nobly responded by detailing a
force of 200 suilors and marines, under com
mand of Lieutenant-Commander Royal R. In
gersoll and other officers, from his flagship (a
body of officers and men whose appearance re
flected credit on the United States navy), to
represent the National authority, thereby
making the celebration a success and doing
honor to the memory of Sloat, of Stockton, of
Mervine, of Montgomery, and many other
noble and heroic spirits of the old navy of the
past now enjoying their eternal rest in honor
able graves, at the same time, by his action
and the presence of the splendid force detailed
for the occasion making a good impression
upon the aged by recalling cherished memo
ries and inspiring youthful hearts with pa
triotism ; while by his manly conduct as an
American sailor and gentleman he has highly !
honored the Exempt Fire Company, his treat
ment of us In the course of our correspondence
with him being most courteous and dignified;
now therefore in consideration of the above
and foregoing be it
Resolved, That Rear-Admiral Leslie A.
Beardslee of the United States navy, now on
the flagship Philadelphia, is entitled to the
thanks of the Exempt Fire Company, its offi
cers and members, and the same is hereby
most uratefuliy and respectfu.ly tendered.
We thank him also on behalf of every ex
empt fireman in the stale, ami so far as we
can do so, on behalf of the people of the State
of California and the citizens of the City and
County oi San Francisco.
The following was also presented and
unanimously adopted:
Hall or the Exemtt Fire Company. J
San Francisco, July 20, 1896. j
Lieutenant-Commander Boyal R. Jngersoll, U.
S. A*.— Sir: At a meeting of the Exempt Fire
Company, Meld on the above date, the follow
ing preamble and resolution having been
unanimously adopted, we were instructed to
forward the same to you :
Whf.bkas, In the discharge of a duty Imposed
upon us by the Veterans of the Mexican War to
commemorate the action of Captain John B. Mont
gomery of the United States oloop-of-wftr Ports
mouth, who On the 9th day of July. A. D. 1846,
hoisted thf> American flag In the old pUeaof Yerba
Buena, and to oLherwiae perpetuate the memory
of the old navy of the United states and Its gallant
otlicers and Bailors, we were required to celebrate
the fiftieth anniversary oi the occupation of North
ern California on the 9th day of July 1896: and
whereas, the success of said celebration wm in a
great measure due to the presence of the officers,
sailors and marines irom the flagship Philadelphia,
under command of Lieutenant-Commander Hoyai
K. Ingersoll, U. 8. N., a force which Imparted a
National character to the event: and whereas, his
conduct on the occasion was noble, patriotic and
manly, entitling him to praise, congratulation and
future prosperity, especially for the beautiful man
ner lv which the nag was wafied to the breeze
from the truck of the flagstaff, through the suc
cess that attended his quartermaster, who stood by
the halyards, be it
Jietolvrd, That the thanks of this company be
respectfully given and are hereby MDdered him,
together with our best wishes for his future wel
fare and success as an officer of the United t-tates
navy.
Resolutions thanking the lieutenant
commander of the Naval Reserves, who
fired the salute, were also adopted.
Irony of Fortune.
"Mehitable," he said, "them city people
waa puny forehanded about ingagin' board
for this summer."
"I'm glad of it," she said. "It's a great
comfort to know thet we're gointer have
plenty of guests this year."
"It'll mean some work."
"Yes. Work for you an' work for me.
But we never did b'long ter the leisure
classes."
••I like ter think about restin', though.
Everybody in town keeps goin' away fur
the summer every year."
"Makes ye kinder jealous, doesn't it?"
"Kinder, when I think o' the heat and
hurry."
"Ef ye had yer chance ter go 'way fur
the summer whur'd ye go?"
"WhurMlgo? Lemme see. Come ter
think it all over I dunno of any place I'd
rtither go than ter one o' them "big, shady
city houses that looks so cool when they're
shet up whiles the folks is out here in
dulgin' in- country board."— Detroit Free
Press.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
MEN OF LIGHT
AND SCIENCE,
Pacific Coast Gas Associa
tion in Annual Con
vention.
E. C. JONES TO PRESIDE.
He Is a Recognized Authority
on Illuminating
Power.
A TRIP TO MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
An Interesting Programme Laid
Out for the Enjoyment of
Visitors.
The last meeting of illuminating gas
magnates which will assemble in the old
building on First and Natoma streets will
be held this morning.
The gathering will possess no great im-
E. C. Jones, President of the Pacific Coast Gas Association.
portance to the general public further than
that it will include representative men
from all parts ot the United States, to
gether with an interesting programme laid
down for their enjoyment.
Edward C. Jones, assistant engineer of
the San Francisco Gaslight Company,
will preside. Metaphorically speaking,
Mr. Jones was born in a gastank. lie
comes from a family identified with the
manufacturing of ilium nating gas since
its origin. His grandfat ler built the first
gas works started in Wales, and his father,
Edward Jones, who landed in Boston
when but a lad, was the originator and
constructor of the first gasiiouse erected
in Boston, and when he lighted the first
street lamp in that historic city the people
came from far and near to behold the new
mysterious candie that burned without a
wick.
The following are the names of the dele
gates who will answer to the rollcall this
forenoon :
Henry K. Adams, Stockton; Charles F.
Adams, Portland, Or. ; Charles R. Allen, San
Francisco; C. E. Burrows, Walla Walla, Wash.;
John A. Britton, Oakland; E. C. Brown, New
York; J. C. Berry, Santa Rosa; W. G. Barrett,
San Francisco; W. F. Boardman, San Fran
cisco; H. Bloomfield, San Francisco; E. P. Cal
lender, New York; A. Carrigan, San Francisco;
Walton Clark, Philadelphia: J. J. Collins,
Philadelphia; J. B. Crockett, Ban Francisco;
C. M. Converse, San Franci-co; John Clements,
Red Bluff; Frank A. Cressey, Modesto; S. B.
Cushinjr, San Rafael; W. B. Cline, Los Ange
les; D. Decker, Fresno; Charles H. Dickie, Bal
timore, Md.; W. M. Dv Val, San Francisco; W.
Dunbar, San Francisco; F. H. Eichbaum, San
Francisco; Richard Fenner, San Francisco;
L. F. Fogg, Ban Francisco; C. Froelich, San
Francisco; J. E. Gannon, San Francisco; H. P.
Goodman, Napa; E. P. Grant, Modesto; R. P.
Greer.San Francisco; O. M. Gregory, San Jose;
Samuel Guthrie, San Francisco; W. W. Gilles
pie, San Jose; J. B. Grim wood, t>an Francisco ;
J. L. Hallett, South Hyannis, Mass.; A. C.
Humphreys, Philadelphia; John L. Howard,
San Francisco; Charles B. Hurley, Tacoma; E.
('. Jones, Ban Francisco; John C. Kaneen, Ban
Rafael; John Kempf Jr., Salt Lake City; J.
Kuliman, Benlcia; D. E. Knight, Marysville;
B. A. Knight, San Francisco; Georire Rec
tor, Gilroy; H. T. Lally, San Francisco:
William J. Landers, Oakland; Prof. T.
C. 8. Lowe, Pasadena; H. J. Lewel
ling, St. Helena. John Mathes, Seattle;
C. O. G. Miller, San Francisco; Ph Meyer. San
Francisco; James McNeil, Santa Cruz ; William
N. Milsted, New York ; V. Stow, San Francisco;
J. L. Stewart, Philadelphia; L. P. St. Clair,
Bakersneld; F. J. Symmes, San Francisco; J.
W. Thomas, Vallejo; J. B. T. Tuthill. Salem,
Or.; G.H.Taylor, Chico; Gecrge Thompson,
San Francisco; Thomas Thompson. Woodland;
A. J. Vanderwbite, San Francisco; O. B. Weber,
New York; G. W. Wilson. Vallejo; I. G. Wick
ersbam, Petaluma; N. 8. Wharton, Falrhaven,
Wash; A. B. Williams, Santa Barbara; N.
Wy lie, Carson City; James Moffatt, Salt Lake;
G. O. Moen, Astoria; M. C. Osborne, Santa
Cruz; T. R. Parker, Napa; Thomas D. Petch,
Eureka; R. M. Powers, San Diego; J. 1. Pier
son, Sacramento; C. W. Qiulty, San Jose; E. C.
Randall, San Jose; George D. Roper, Rockford,
111.; D. R. Russell, St. Louis; John F. Scott,
San Francisco; B. U. Stein man, Sacramento;
H. R. Shade, Virginia, Nev. ; E. F. Sherman,
East Portland, Or.
The object of the Pacific Coast Gat As
sociation is set forth in article II of its
constitution, thus:
Its object shall be the promotion and ad
vancement of knowledge of the gas business,
including all matters relating to the construc
tion and management ot gasworks and the
manufacture, distribution and consumption
of gai; to establish a spirit of fraternity be
tween the members by social intercourse and
friendly exchange of information on the sub
ject of eas.
All the important business will be at
tended to at to-day's meeting. The follow
ing subjects will be discussed :
"Oil Tar and Its Uses," by J. B. Grimwood,
San Francisco; "Telescoping a Single Lift Gas
Holder While in Use," by J. L. Fogg, San Fran
cisco; "Gaa Stoves, ' by D. Decker, Fresno;
"Evolution of the Gas Meter," by Charles
Dickie, Baltimore, Md. ; "Municipal Owner
ship," by John A. Britton, Oakland; "Water
Gas," by Charles F. Adams, Portland, Or ■
"Wrinkles," by T. R. Parker, Napa: "Experi
ences," by John Clements, Red Bluff; •■The
Economical Uses of Coal." John L. Howard
"The Relative Position of Consolidated Gns
and Electric Light Plants," M. C. Osboru.
To-morrow will be for unfinished busi
ness and in the evening there will be a
banquet.
Thursday will t>e devoted to an excur
sion to Tamalpais, where a trip will be
taken on the scenic road over the face of
the hill. On tbe return iunch win be
served under the redwood trees. The
party will be taken over on the 11:45
Sausalito boat, returning to the City on the
4:25 boat.
Tried to Lasso Him.
Ah Look, who has shrimp-drying grounds at
the Potrero, swore to a complaint in Judge
Lowe's court yesterday charging Joseph Deer
ing and Tim Regan with malicious mischief.
They drove into his place yesterday mornine
and hauled the wagon over his shrimps, tried
to lasso him and tore down two of his gates as
they were driving away.
SAUSALITO TRUSTEES.
Francis Avery Protest* Against the
Purloining of His . Garden.
SAUSALITO. Cal., July 20.— Town
Trustees of Sausalito held their : regular
meeting this evening. A number of com
munications were received from citizens
in regard to the grading of Jfrincess avenue.
No action was taken. The resignation of
J. H. Pry or , as ' Town ' Recorder was with
drawn, and the board accepted the with
drawal.
A passage-at-arms occurred between
Commodore C. H. Harrison and Francis
Avery. The latter declared that Commo
dore Harrison had been instrumental in
having his garden carted away in the pros
ecution of street work. The gentlemen
exhausted considerable eloquence on the
issue, bat the board did not afford Avery
any relief.
A complaint was tiled by Dr. Case
against Gretle'a bakery, which he declared
to be a nuisance on account of the smoke.
The board refused to entertain the com
plaint.
Trustees Wilson and Johnson were ap
pointed a committee to introduce electric
lights into the town hall. No action was
taken on the pool-room matter, pending
the termination of the cases against the
manager of Corbetts place. The first of
these cases will be heard to-morrow even
ing.
Chines* Swindler.
Ching See Dun, 7lo Commercial street, iwore
to a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday charging Wong Lap Fong with ob
taining money by false pretenses. He alleges
that Wong on May 14 obtained $250 from him
by representing that he was a partner in a
grocery business in Sissons, which waa not true.
MARCHING AND CAMPING
Company E of the First Will
"Rough It" for
Awhile.
The Military Boys Will Tramp
Through Santa Clara County and
Visit Many Places.
The members of Company E of the First
Infantry Regiment, this City, are prepar
ing for an outing during the middle of
August. When the company was on active
duty at Sacramento during the railroad
troubles the boys got used to camp life
and roughing it, and they even became
satisfied with their own cooking. Since
then many have expressed a desire for
more camp experience, and a short time
ago Captain Fltzpatrick, First Lieutenant
Ralph and Second Lieutenant Robertson
laid their beads together to devise ways
and means of gratifying the desire of the
men.
They decided to march to San Jose and
go into camp every fifteen or twenty
miles. The same discipline will be main
tained as though the company was ac
tually in active service. The men will
carry their arms, canteens, olankets,
haversacks, while wagons will be in the
rear of the company loaded with small
tents, prevision-, etc. The heavy tents
will be left at home; only tbe small
shelter tents for two men will be carried.
It is expected that the company will go
into camp three times before reaching San
Jose, and on all occasions the srtictest of
military discipline will be maintained.
The company will not remain over
forty-eight hours in San Jose, the next
move being, according to present calcula
tions, to Los Gatos. Other towns in that
part of the State may be visited before
their return. It is believed that the out
ing will be beneficial In more than one
respect. It will give a summer vacation
to many who otherwise could not afford
the expense of a trip to the country, and
give military experience at the same time.
From all accounts about sixty to seventy
rive will be in the march, which will begin
between the first and the middle of next
month. The company will be on tb.9
march for from ten days to two weeks.
Long Distance Opera.
An experiment was recently made to
transmit by telephone to London Mr. Du
verney's new opera, "Helle," performed at
the Grand Opera-house in Paris. By means
of the telephone cable connecting Calais
and Dover through telephonic communi
cation was established to the Pelican
House. London, where, by means of the
electrophone, a form of loud-speaking tele
phone, it was possible to listen to an opera
rendered in Paris. The first trial was un
successful, owing to the state of the
weather, which ser ously disturbed the
line. A second attempt, however, was
made on another evening, when it is
claimed that the sounds, though faint,
were heard with delightful clearness, par
ticularly M. Delmos and M. Avarez, the
tenor. The female voices were not so dis
tinct. The violin accompaniment of the
orchestra was faint, while the bass and
oboe selections were very much in evi
dence.
Cyclists and Farmer*.
At first the bicycle rider was hailed by
the farmers in the vicinity of New York as
a nuisance and a menace to their interests.
Now, however, he is fast coming to be
recognized as something from which the
farmers may derive a good income. Sun
day, which used to be a day of rest to the
rural dweller, has become one of bustling
activity. Each Saturday, night many of
them drive to town and lay in a supply of
lemons, "soft stuff," cigars and ice, and
early Sunday morning fiuds them behind
their kitchen table, taken out in the front
yard, and ready for the thirsty wheelmen
coming their way. The more enterprising
nave benches spread kround on the shady
lawn, and they pick up many a dollar
from the young man and his best girl to
whom such accommodations are most wel
come after a ride on the hot dusty road.—
Boston Transcript.
CRUSHED TO DEATH
BY AN ELEVATOR,
John Geary's Carelessness
Costs Him His
Life.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED
Leaned Over a Shaft in the Em
porium and Was Instantly
Killed.
W. E. JOSLYN'S STATEMENT.
Elevator-Boy Surrendered to the Po
lice and Was Charged With
Manslaughter.
John Geary, a teamster, 34 years of age,
employed by Morton & Co., was crushed
to death by a freight elevator in the Em
porium yesterday afternoon. There was
only one witness lo the accident, J. God
ley, a shipping clerk, and he is of the
opinion that Geary met his death through
his own carelessness.
"I passed the elevator just a moment
before the accident occurred," said Mr.
God ley, "and I noticed Geary stooping
over the shaft, shouting to some one in
the basement. Suddenly the elevator,
which had been standing at the floor
above, started down. Gaary continued
shouting to the party in the basement
and appeared not to hear the elevator
approaching.
"Before I nad a chance to warn him of
his danger, the elevator struck him, evi
dently crushing his skull, and his body
fell into the basement below. A number
of persons soon learned of the accident,
among them a woman, who fainted from
excitement. The Coroner's office was no
tified and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
W. E. Joslyn of the Emporium last
evening made the following statement
concerning the accident:
"I do not know the name of the man
who was killed, but I know that he was in
this habit of coming to tbe store to deliver
goods. He was there for this purpose
when he was killed. The elevator is in
the back of the store, on the Jessie-street
side. It has a door which slides upward
from the street level. Inside of this door
is a chain, which was put up across the
door a short time before the accident
"The elevator boy put it up just before
be started to go up in the elevator at 5:15
p. m. Then he went up to the fifth floor.
On the outside of the door, on the street,
in plain view, where it must have been
read many times by persons having busi
ness at that place, was a warning of dan
ger.
"I was near by, in my office, when tne
accident occurred. The delivery man
drove up, raised the sliding door only
enough to put his head within and then
shouted to some one downstairs that he
had a load of goods.
"I suppose his idea waa to save him
self the trouble of going down below to
tell them what he had. The elevator is
run by electric buttons. The elevator-man
was at his post attending to his duty. He
could not know that any one bad his head
below the elevator. In fact in putting up
the chain he had taken an additional pre
caution, but this was due to the fact that
the store was so soon to be closed. The
delivery-man did not look upward or be
would have seen the elevator coming
down. I cannot see that any cause ex
cepting the unfortunate man's own lack of
care can be assigned for the occurrence. It
was a very sad affair, and of course we
all feel badly about it. The elevator-man
is 21 years old. He has been with the Em
porium since it was opened and lie is care
ful and competent.
"Now, wnile I am speaking of this, I
wish to contradict a story which appeared
in the Examiner which was wholly un
true. It was published in that paper that
a passenger elevator fell three stories last
Saturday night. In the first place the
elevator goes up only two stories. The
real fact is that the elevator did not fall
at all, so that the Examiner story is all
wrong. The elevator under which a man
was killed to-day is not a passenger ele
vator and is never used for passengers."
R. H. Murray, the elevator-man, surren
dered himself at the City Prison. He was
charged with manslaughter and was re
leased on his own recognizance by Captain
Wittman.
Deceased, who resided at 430 Clemen
tina street, leaves a widow and one child.
Mrs. Geary is prostrated with grief over
the death of her husband. Her friends
are doing all in their power to cheer her
up, but she refuses to be comforted.
English Ideas at the Kussian Court.
The young Empress of Russia evidently
has the courage of her opinions, which
are very strong ones on certain eubjects.
It must have required no small strength
of mtna, for instance, for her to issue her
recent command about cigarette smoking,
as ail Russian ladies smoke as a matter of
course; and the Dowager Czaritza, the
Princess of Wales' sister (who is certainly
anything but masculine in her habits), so
far from layine any such restrictions upon
her ladies-in-waiting, herself actually
smoked. Some unpleasant feeling exists
in court circles at the command of the
young Empress, bat it is perfectly easy to
understand her dislike to this very un
feminine practice. She is so thoroughly
Enelish in her tastes and views that it
naturally offends her to have all her
ladies-in-waiting continually puffing cig
arettes. By degrees she is certainly An
glicizing the Russian court, and it is
charming to find that ter devoted young
husband helps ncr in every way to this
end. He has an immense admiration for
everything English, and is delighted to
hear his wife speaking her mother's lan
guage.—The Lady's Pictoril.
Chewing a Cartridge.
One of the most peculiar shooting cases
on record occurred to-day in front of
police headquarters. A big bay horse that
works for a brewing company shot him
self by chewing a loaded cartridge The
animal not only shot himself but came
near shooting a shopgirl who was passing
on her way to work. It is supposed that
the animal, while nosing in an ash barrel
got a cartridge in his mouth and began to
chew it. The cartridge exploded in his
mouth. The bullet that was diacharged
flew across the street from the animal's
mouth whizzed past a mat.'s head and
went through the balloon sleeve of a badly
frightened girl.— New York Letter
SEW TO-PAY.
• Always FIRST
I Gail Borden
! Eagle Brand
t:^ > CONDENSED niLK
i» F * r 3 5 yemrs the '"ding bnnd. It is th«
j Bett »nd the most economical. . ';
(*%' A PERFECT POOD FOR INFANTS
"sew TO-DAT-DBT goods. _-^-^
[ THE PEOPLES STORE STOCK \
\ the stoc/c r/rmej*££> J
i THE PMfSS &000$JfiL£. it
% THf MffSff 6COAS S#U \
1' ' * - -:--:-. > : ■'■;. . . _ i
11 ffLL MfiSOYftfSS T##* 1
COST ,
./^^ .' m ...... i....-,- •.— . i
i The Dress Goods Sale The Cloak Sale. if 1
,Is a big go. It only needs your pres- It'a only necessity that compels us ( j
II ence to assure you. Our basement to sacrifice the People's Stores' Cloak i
] never held so many people. Every- and Suit stock and our own. You !
body is looking for bargains. They never saw such selling in all your I
i are not disappointed. • iiv<* -, born days. j ,
i Ready-Made Veils 25c. Duck suits atsi 50- so id for uoo and JJ ,
|j 5 •If they are not worth 50c, not worth . $5 00. If
}] a cent. Black with chenille dot and Jackets for $2 50, $3 95, $4 95— sold for j
l Valenciennes lace border. The lace double. i
j. is worth 25c. Capes 75c. $1 50, $2 95 _ sold for twice J !
i Black or Tan Hose 15c. Sui t 3 $* 0 . $5 00, $7 50-soid for 112 00 .1 .
• Phenomenal value, 40- gauee full- . and $15 00.. SS
W fashioned Hermsdorf dye. We con- w aT .____ -- ' " *~m *„. «i _- if
sidered them stunners at 25c. Wrappers 75c-sold for $1 75.
, i — — Underskirts $1 00 and $2 00— sold for , J
« 10c and 12k Wash Fabrics for 5c »*""*■?,?■ „, t1 „, V
82 to 34 inches wide. A real miracle Shirt aiats at 50c on the l - 35c up. '
4 4 to be able to sell goods of such fine- ._ i i
in ness and beauty for sc. Dimities. r . „ , , ,  >. i
TT Crepes.Gangres, Flannelettes, Printed Finer IiOOdS El IeSS than 50 per '
i I Lawns and Crinkles. All our Wash PPIlt ftlf A
j {{! Goods at 50c on the $1 and less. V~ L ■ "* °«
Iji , Embroidered Handkerchiefs sc. m , n n , a . 1,
!!! White or Colored Embroideries. TjlA IirASS liOOHS Sfllft
I You never saw such things done be- lUt! m MVVU& Utt.l\j, ]
fore. $1 00 Brocaded Black Silks ..50c I
flf ladies' Undent Me : ™ s is a World-Beater.) i V
Silver gray, silk-stitched, fashioned £™ « res ?9n o Ik 3 f or - • • • - 75<i i
lit seams, pearl buttons, extra length $2 00 Dresden Silks for ...$lOO i
• M and a garment cheap at 50c $1 00 Novelty Silks for 50c '
t? 1 - n ■'. ~oT~ 75c Fancy Silks for 35c ]
•M hale 01 UnCKS, m. $100 Dress Goods for 50c j!
II ' All our Duck Suitings in colors /'/(-» _jl oi. V n | M « d.,—. «,.„» \ 1
that we sold from 25c a yard to 12^c (Greatest laioe Ever Nnown.) '
M are offered to-day at BJ^c. Best 75c Dress Goods for .....35c { 1
in imaginable value_s_ 50c Dress Goods for 25c \ '
\j i 25c Linen Towels 15c. DreM Goods or -- - 12^ I,
If 15e Linen Towels 8k ~" V
i These are knotted and plain fringe If yon are on the buy you won't i
i4r ft Huck and Damask, and they are argue price long with us. It's only a jj '
I ' ' corkers. . question of how much we lose. ( V '
i i — — Mettßft: — ii i
1* rfyQp®Q*sfol\Qjx&^ir
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
|jlil|]illlli!lilllli!ll!!llll!En
I "A very smooth article*" m 1
| PLUG |
; 1 Don't compare "Battle Ax tf 1
i | with low grade tobaccos — 1
\ | "Battle Ax" with the best on |
1 the market, and you will : find you I
i get for JO cents almost twice as 1
I much "Battle Ax" as you do of j
I other high grade brands^ 1
illlllMIIII!ll!llllllllil!l!Illlilllll!lllllll!l!!ll!lllllll!IIIIH!llllllll!llllllllllliii
IRON BEDS. ,
■M "« — ' BRASS BEDS.
'"^ f FOLDING BEDS'
Wire i and Hair Ma:-
tresses, X c cl 1 nl or
, f|| Chairs, Wheel Ch»iri,
T ' ■ . Commodes, Baclc Kej:<
ill ifnffHf W# SCHROCK.
JIJ/ ''- 111 I '" " !B Mm
tAffS^ ij*iiaii| New Montgomery
W ••• l . .■" J." St., tinder Uraat*,
■ -■: :■■-.--.:..-■■■:-- .::..^r-..:>-Mqtel..B.g.-:--.-.'. -'
SuAU^Vnil *<** ' liroat™ Funples. CopperjH
ffljiAYC lUU colored Spot*, Aches. Old Sores-M
■IJlccrs in Month, Hair-Vailing! Write t'OORDj
HREUEOY CO.. 307 Masonic TempleJH
{SSChlcaaro, HI., for proofs of cure*. CupHa
gltatl, 5500.000. Worst east- cured In 15«
Bato «5 day. 100-page ttf mm
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
! Is a powerful aphrodisiac and speciflo tomo for tin
lejcual and urinary organs of both sexes, and *
i t reat remedy for diseases of the kidneys anl blal-
tier. A greai Bestoratlve, invigoraioraad Nervla*
: Sells on . its own Merits— no long-winded idiii-
denials necessary-
KiAliJb.it, Ai.eS & BRINE, Agents,
323 Market • St.. S. F.— (siend for circaUfc>
**.<«*9!PS?SP»»^>il3 g "'" a non-poisonous
! «&B^*^&M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
a ,^T<JCliE»^ga &'£?'' Spermatorrhoea!
•£Sj^inltos<Uyi.xa Whites, unnatural dis-
■ JHV Gn*r»nte«» Igj charges, or any inflamma-
(S] not to itrioture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
ga-|-gprevecu e»nt»<lon. tion of mucons mem-
: J?>ltheEvanS CheMICuCo. orant-s. Non-astringent.
!•■ igA CINCINJUTI.O ■ ) i. Sold b 7 »ro*sUta,
' 'P. 8. a. jSBT?* •*■* in plain wrapper.
■ Circular tent or, > TmLHONOR PAID TO
LISSA'S HEROES,
Impressive Services Held at
the Church of Notre
Dame dcs Victoires.
THE BATTLE REVIEWED.
Father Larkin's Graphic Picture
of the "Slav" Army
Victory.
HEROISM AND RELIGION.
A Strong Parallel Drawn Between
the Warriors of Holy Writ and
Those Who Die for Home.
An appropriate and impressive me
morial service was held in the French
Roman Catholic Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victoires, ou Bush street, yesterday
morning, in honor of the brave Slavonians
who fell at the great battle of Lissa, in the
Adriatic, in 18(56. The Slavonians, fight
ing under the Austrian flag, were attacked
by a lorce of 32,000 Italians, which was
more than twice their number. It was a
fearful conflict and resulted in a complete
victory for the Austrian forces.
The church was tastefully yet simply
decorated, and the impressive services
were opened by high mass, the Rev.
Emile Gente, S. M., officiating as cele
brant, the Rev. A. R. Loude, S. M., «nd
the Rev. Murphy, S. M., assisting.
The attendance was not large, but all
those present listened to the services and
the strong oration of the Rev. Mr. Larkin
with deep interest. He began:
"It is the privilege of the warrior who
dies in the service of his country to de
serve sympathy and claim regrets Which
no other mortal has a right to respect. Is
not your presence here to-day a living
proof of this? Sympathy and regrets
have brought you in such numbers to this
hallowed sanctuary of Notre Dame dcs
Victoires."
Sketching a short though graphic his
tory of the battle and extolling the valor
of the victorious Slavonian?, he continued :
True it is that noble feelings and generous
impulses are common to all times and to ail
people, especially when prompted and de
veloped by religion. It is therefore a holy ami
wholesom? thought to pray for the dead.
Ai.d who is more worthy of a precious re
membrance than the noble soldiers who died
on the field of honor? Soldiers a.s brave as
those who defended Thermopylje, as courage
ous as the Theban Legion or those that formed
the army oi Judah Maccabeus.
Though inferior in number they did not
blanch with fear, they did iiot fly for salety.
History loudly proclaims their cour&gc. Vic
tory does not always belong to countless
legions aud valor may triumph over unequal
numbers. • • •
Love of your country and of your country's
flag prompted your fcoldiers to" deeds 01 hero
ism. To save them from dishonor they nobly
Bacrificed rest and comfort, their domestic
happiness and even their lives. They died
Hke heroes. But it is not all over wit 11 these
brave men who fell fighting for the flag, these
saviors oi their fatherland. Their hearts, it is
true, are still in death, but tbe hearts of their
countrymen, of their friends and their brothers
have not forgotten them. The memory of
their virtues, the memory of. their deeds shall
never pass awa>\
"MINISTERS' MONDAY."
Three of the Reverend Gather
ings in Interesting
Session.
Incorporation of the Berkeley Bible
Seminary by the Christian
Churches.
Ministers' Monday called forth three
reverend gatherings — the Presbyterian,
Congregational and Christian— being the
only denominations represented at the
weekly meetings.
The principal event of the day was the
incorporation of the Berkeley Bible Sem
inary by the Christian ministers. The
Berkeley Seminary is the one to take
charge of which Professor S. M. Jefferson
came to the college town. It will form an
annex to the university in this way, that
while its students will acquire theoloey
through the seminary they must depend
for their secular education upon the col
lege. Farther than this the seminary will
have no connection, actually or theoretic
ally, with the State institution.
The directors of the new corporation are :
Professor H. D. McAneney, San Francisco ;
Rev. W. A. Gardner, San Francisco; A.
M. McCoy, Red Eluff ; Rev. J. M. Monroe!
Modesto; E. B. Beard, Modesto; Profes- '
sor A. M. Elston, Berkeley; Rev. A. C.
Smither?, Los Angeles, and Rev. E. B.
Ware, Santa Rosa.
The committee which will have charge
of the course of study is composed of Pro
fessor McAneney, Professor Elston and
Rev. Mr. Monroe. The endowment of the
institution amounts to $80,000, which sum j
has been contributed by the members of
the Christian Church in this Btate. No
permanent site has as yet been selected
for the seminary, but one will be as soon
as the attendance warrants it. The course
will be one of three years, which may be
taken as a post graduate course by stu- !
dents from the college, or during the term
may be taken together. The object of it
all is to turn out intelligent men for the !
Christian ministry. Students of any de
nomination will be admitted.
At the Congregational Club Rev. \V. H.
Tubb read a paper on "Christian Fellow
ship." Mr. Tubb thought the church
should be sufficient in itself to satisfy the
spiritual needs of its members without all
the auxiliaries and annexes which are
now the rule. That it was not sufficient,
he said, was shown by the existence of
ttiese outside agencies, but he thought it
could be made so.
Miss Burgess of the Government's In
dian School of Carlysle, Pa., also ad
dressed the Congregationalists on the sub
ject of her work.
At the Presbyterian Club tbe ministers
had a lively discussion on the silver ques
tion.
Cowardice of Alligators.
"The cowardice of alligators is well
known by the people who reside along
the bayous which were at one time fre
quented by the saurians," said a gentle
man from Southwestern Louisiana. "A
great many persons who only know of tbe
alligator by reputation swallow v/itbout a
qualm the stories which are so often told
about the hairbreadth escapes and re
markable adventures with these reptiles.
The truth is that they do not possess suffi
cient courage — the alligators, I mean— to
attack a mouse, unless it was chained to
the bank and couldn't show fight. I re
member crossing a stream in the Verruil
iion country a number of years Defore
the craze for alligator hides had
struck the country. I entered a skifl,
ana, when about half way over,
my dog. which I had forgotten,
came bounding after me and leap
ing into the water, began to swim
across after the boat. Almost immedi
ately several alligators, lying with the
tips of their noses above the surface, be
gan to move after the dog and soon came
within a few feet of the animal. He re
alized that he was being chased, and pro
ceeded to turn the tables by chasing them.
He barked and turned to make for the
gntors. but they got out of his way. Well,
the dog and the saurians kept up this per
formance until the former had crossed the
stream. The alligators seemed to be
afraid to come within citing distance, al
though it would have been impossible for
the dog to have injured them. They were
simply afraid, that's *11, and it is always
the way with them. I have frequently
swam after an alligator rjqvself, and he
would invariably turn tail arid get out of
sight in a hurry. Courage! They have no
more than a goat."— New Orleans Times-
Democrat.
WHAT TO DO NEXT.
How a Young Man Cot Kven With His
Too Careful Brother.
We are all more or less familiar with
that exasperating class of individuals who
seem to feel that the simple common
sense of the world is centered in them
selveß, and that the rest of us are in need
of guidance and direction in the simplest
duties of life.
Mr. B was a young man of this class.
He was always painfully profnse in details
regarding anything he wished done. He
had a parrot, of which he wa« excessively
fond, and when he was about to ko abroad
for a few months, leaving his bird behind
him, he bored and exasperated his famiiy
and friends with senseless details regard
ing the care of tne parrot, and his last
words, screeched from the deck of the
I steamer that bore him away, were:
•'Hi, Jim!"
"What?" sbouted the brother on the
pier.
"look out for my parrot!" came faintly
over the water.
As if this was not enough, he had no
I sooner reached Liverpool than he sent the
following cablegram to his brother, who
had assumed charge of the parrot:
"Be sure and feed my parrot."
On receipt of this the infuriated brother
cabled back, at his brother's expense:
"I have fed her, but she is hungry again.
What shall I do next?"— Harper's Maga
zine.
"THE PERPETUAL CUP,"
A Clever Ruse on the Part of
the Encinal Yacht
Club.
A Remodeled Defender Which Will
Surprise Yachtsmen When
She Sails.
Some weeks ago the San Francisco
Yacht Club challenged tbe Encinal Yacht
Club of Alameda. That challenge was in
spired by the belief that the Encinal fleet
had nothing with which to meet success
fully their newly remodeled yacht Cathe
rine. The San Francisco people were
further urged to issne the challenge
through a desire to redeem their defeat of
last season, when their Queen lost the
"Perpetual cup" to El Sueno of the
Ensinals. The possession of this cup, as
its name implies, involves a standing offer
to make good the supremacy it attests,
and invites challenge.
Now the holding of this trophy subjects
the Encinala to some conditions, notably
that the possessors shall not build or buy '
any new boat after a challenge has been
issued aeainst them. The San Franciscos
considered this clause, and after having
fitted up the Catherine in such shape as
seemed good to them challenged with her,
complacent in the belief of an assured vic
tory.
But the provisions of the cup contest
forbidding the purchase of new boats
after a challenge does not exclude the re
modeling of an old one, and thereby hangs
a tale.
About three weeks ago it was noticed by
those members of the Encinal Club accus
tomed to scrutinize and debate the merits
of the boats anchored around the club
house that tne Fawn was no longeramong
them. Coupled with this tac: was an ex
treme reticence of her officers as to ncr
whereabouts. A certain air of mystery
seemed to pervade the councils of the club,
but tue occasion of all this has now
transpired.
One of the members not on the cup de
fense committee, being of that mental
I turn generally designated as "of an in-
I quiring mind,' succeeded in locating the
missing craft, and in his pride in this
achievement imparted the nens unguard
edly and the truth is now out. It is re
ported that such great changes have been
wrought on her that only the more
nautically experienced members would
recognize in the new yacht the same stick
of timber as that of the missing Fawn.
A new spoon-bow, a large iron keel and
her sail area very much increased are
some of the features that have contributed
to the change. All this secrecy and ex
penditure of money involved in making
the alterations in her rig was designed to
afford the members of the San Francisco
club an unwelcome surprise on the day of
the race.
The defense committee secured the Fawn
at a bargain from one of tbe members,
formed a stock company, subscribed fur
shares and spent several hundred dollars
in refitting her. Each one exults in the
surprise in store for his friend the enemy
of San Francisco, and would affirm that
the race is ever to the swiftest and that
tbe Encinals have now that boat.
The contest which will determine the
location of the cup for the ensuing year
comes off within two or three weeks over
the Encinal course.
HIS ONLY BRIEF.
And His Lait Wish Was That It lim
Burled With Him.
Mr. Lucy, on the authority of a Q. C.
and M. P.', tells a true story of to-day, in
-1 finitely fall of pathos, says ■ the West-,
minster Gazette,- A fortnight , ago a letter
reached his informant in the handwriting
of an old college friend, telling a pitiful
; story of a stranded life. The writer had
; been.called to the bar, hoping some day
j to land on the judicial bench, even if he
! did not reach the woolsack. He had ; no
! influence and very little nionevv No busi
: ness came his way, but he held on through
I some years, patiently hoping that some
day his chance would come. Now he was
sick, Drobably unto death,. and had no
money to buy food or medicine.
A remittance was promptly -sent and
gratefully acknowledged. ;At the end of a
fortnight it occurred to the Q. C. and 11. P.
to call on the sick man and see what more
he might do to help him. Arrived at, the
address, he gave his name and his errand
to the ladylike woman who opened the
door,; whereat, bursting into a passion of
I tears, she told him he was too late. Her I
I husband had died that morning. The two
walked upstairs to -a*, small front ' room.
On the bed lay the body of a man of about
forty y.ears of age, fully dressed In the wig
ana gown ;of. a■, barrister. In , his right
I hand he held a bundle of foolscap.
"What is that?" the old friend whispered.
"That." said the widow, "is the only brief
he received -in ' the \ course ,of ' * nineteen
years' waiting. He asked me to dress him
thus," and put it in bis hand .when he was
dead." ....,:• •• - -, •
■ - . . ■ '. . « ♦ — •— .■ -"•■,■.•..
Loans 'on diamonds. Interest ■ low. At " Uncle
Harris', 18 Grant avenue. ■ "-•«■>-* ?■■■>'■■ ■-
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
"ENTERPRISE"
THAT RETARDS.
Commercial Growth Stran
gled by the Hunting
ton Carriers.
RIPE FOR A REBELLION.
Merchants Anxious to Break the
Power of the Great
Monopolist
AFTER A STEAMSHIP LINE.
Strong Efforts to Ba Made to Bring
the Nippon Yusen Kaisha to
San Francisco.
San Francisco may arteisall benefit from
the mania that has so recently seized upon
the big transportation companies of the
Mikado's empire to establish steamship
lines to the American shores of the Pa
cific.
In a recent issue of The Call it was re
lated how the Nippon Yusen Xaisha was
virtually driven from the port of San
Francisco to sees an American terminus
at Seattle by the failure of its representa
tive to secure satisfactory assurances in
the matter of rail rates out of San Fran
cisco from the Southern Pacific Company.
The reason assigned in transportation
circles for this discouraging action on the
part of the Southern Pacific Company was
that it had to protect Collis P. Hunting
ton's other transportation properties —
Pacific Mail and the Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship companies.
When Traffic Manager Stubbs' atten
tion was called to the matter he declared
that no overtures had ever been made to
his company looking to a traffic arrange
ment with any steamship line to be oper
ated by a Japanese company. He added
that if there had been his company would
have been ready and is now ready to make
equally favorable terms with it as are in
operation with the Pacific Mail and the
Occidental and Oriental companies. He
is shortly to have an opportunity to make
good his assertion.
It is becoming dally more manifest to
the commercial bodies of San Francisco
that for her size and for her great com
mercial advantages this City has not made
commensurate development. . Among the
most recent movements to change this
state of affairs is the plan now under con
sideration by the Chamber of Commerce
of sending a representative tp Japan with
samples of all manufactures and products
that the merchants of this City are in a
position to sell to the Japanese. For the
first year this agent is to receive a salary
of from $3000 to $4000 and after that he is
t to become dependent upon his own efforts*
! to maintain himself. , No man has yet
been selected for this responsible position,
but the situation is now being canvassed
by a committee and as soon as the right
man is found little time will be wasted in
dispatching him to his post of duty..
Meantime the trans- Pacific . steamship
transportation situation is also attracting
j the attention of the various commercial
bodies, and despite the report that the-
Nippon Yusen Kaisha has already made a j
contract with the Great Northern Railroad
for tending its steamers to Seattle, it is be
lieved that the same company can be in
duced to establish another line, making
San Francisco its terminus on this side,
with an auxiliary line from this City to
Central and Soatn American ports.
Within a few weeks a representative of
the Ynsen Kaisha is expected to arrive in
this City. He will at once be placed in
communication with W. B. Curtis, man
ager of the Traffic Association, with a
view to bringing about the object last
j mentioned. Mr. Curtis will fully explain
> the magnificent field open for such an en
i terprise and will then seek a conference
with the Southern Pacific traffic officials,
' at which himself and the representative 01
j the Japanese steamship company are to
present.
Should the conference with the South
ern Pacific fail to result satisfactorily
overtures will be made to the directors of
j the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway, in expectation that that road
j will eventually, and at no very distant
i day, hay« an outlet to the East; in fact, no
I effort will be spared to induce the Nippon
| Yuen Kaisha to come to San Francisco. „'
Not the least important incentive that
j will be held out to the Japanese company
will be the possibilities of the Central and
South American trade. This is now mo
nopolized by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, and the equipment of this com
pany is notoriously inadequate to meet
! tbe vast demands of that trade.
It is the general impression, and one
that is daily growing stronger, that not
i only is the Pacific Mail standing in the
way of the full development of the trade
between this port and Central and South
j American countries, but that its charges
I are exorbitant on freight to the points to
j which it now operates from this City.
Not long since General Manager R. P.
I Schwerin was approached by a large com
| mission merchant and shipper, whose
j business relations with Central America
. were extensive, and a suggestion made
j that a reduction in the present rates to
j the Spanish-speaking countries south of
us would tend to largely stimulate traffic
with San Francisco. ' •
Mr. Schwerin's laconic and peculiar re
ply to this was: "Why, we are carrying
all the freight that our steamers can pos
sibly accommodate, and to increase this
business would mean that we would nave
to build additional steamers."
It is this kind of enterprise that the
commercial bodies of this City are desir
ous of circumventing, and, in consequence
they will put form the most strenuous
efforts to encourage the prospective Jap
anese competitor, which may be induced
to operate a line from Yokohama to San
Francisco and from here to Central and
South American ports.
In this connection the following rela
tive to the merchant marine interests of
Japan and the Nippon Yusen Kaisha is
interesting:
In 1895 Jap possessed 517 merchant
steamers of an aggregate tonnage of 321,522
tons, and the principal shipping company, the
Nippon Yusen Kaisfia, or National Mail Steam
ship Company, alone possessed a fleet of lifty
-10?34 2! 0111 * steamers > wlth a tonnage of
Their service 11 : splendidly organised and
managed, and the majority of their ships are
lii every way fit to rank with those of any
nationality in the world. The forth" davef
opnientofthe Japanese mercantile marine is
now being very actively promoted, and among
the measures advocated as essential to the in
crease of her commerce few find greater favor
?In a .i«?" > ?, qnei ? tl > discuseed than the ex
tension of the existing steam routes and the
acquisition ot a much larger share in the car*
I rylng trade to and from her own territories. '
Discoveries In Ohio Mounds.
Warren K. Moorehead, curator of the
Ohio Archaeological Society, has been
opening mounds along the valleys of the
Muskingum River and its tributaries dur
ing the past -week, making some important
nnds. A small mound on the Porteus
farm, threa miles south of Coshocton was
oDened, in which five skeletons were found.
These skeletons are of unusual interest to
science, as they indicate the type of the
prehistoric race. The skull Is thicker than
that of the negro, with low, facial angleß,
prominent jaws, handsome teeth, and
small brain capacity. The skeletons indi
cate a tribe .>-omewhat shorter than our
selves, more muscular and heavy.
Near Walhonding. in a mound two feet
high, was found the skeleton of a person
supposed to have been the arrow- maker of
the tribe. Just above him were buried
some sixty or seventy of his implements.
These were made of flint, beautifully
shaped and about half the size of a man's
hand. In a cravel pit near by was found
:he skeleton of a child, with mussel shells
and other playthings.
In a mound nine feet high, on the John
son farm, were found a stone U3ea for
playing irames. flint scalping-knives and a
few arrow-heads.
There are a great many mounds in this
valley, and it is expected that other valu
able and interesting finds will be made.—
Correspondent Cincinnati Commercial Ga
zette.
DANGER IN ICECREAM.
It Is Oannni Much Sickneit, Reports
F. Durant of London.
F. Durant, in his report as chairman of
the St. Pancras public health committee,
states that upon analysis of three samples
of water in which icecream glasses are
washed it was found that they contained
respectively 4,200,000. 2,150,000 and 5,340,
--000 putrefaction bacteria per cubic centi
meter in a cubic centimeter of drinking
water. Hence not only were the cheap
icecreams vended in the streets, and
mostly consumed by juveniles, frequently
unwholesome because of the objectionable
materials of which they were composed,
but the water used by the venders in con
nection with their business was very often
foul.
The St. Pancras health committee, hav
ing fully investigated the facts of the case
over a wide area, hold that the present
state of affairs "undoubtedly constitutes a
source of danger to the health of the chil
dren of the poorer classes," by whom the
objectionable icecreams are mainly con
sumed. The committee considers it is
clearly necessary to control street sellers
of icecream in their occupation, and they
have requested the Local Government
I Board to promote legislation providing for
the registration of these icecream venders,
and for the regulation of the trade by by
laws, and Droper supervision of the manu
facture and supply of icecreams. The
Vestry of Clerkenwell and other London
local authorities have made similar repre
sentations. — London News. '
TRANS-PACIFIC TRAFFIC,
Conference to Stimulate the Pas
senger Business To and
Through This Port
Prominent Steamship and Railroad
Men Meet to Discuss and Devise
Plans to This End.
With a view to perfecting plans that will
retain at least a fair share of the trans-
Pacific passenger business for this port
and tbe transcontinental railroads of the
United States, a conference of half a score
of the most prominent railroad and steam
ship men of the country was held at the
offices of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, at the corner of First and Market
street?, yesterday afternoon. The meeting
lasted from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Among those present were V. L. Loniax,
general passenger agent of the Union Pa
cific; W. B. Kniskern, general passenger
agent of the Chicago and Northwestern;
J. O. Stubbs, traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific Company; K. A. Donaldson,
assistant general passenger agent of the
Southern Pacitic Company; R. P.
Schwerin, vice-president and gfneral man
ager of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany; D. D. Btubbs, secretary of the Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Company;
Alexander Center, general agent of the
Pacific Mail; D. W. Hitchcock, eeneral
auent in this City of the Union Pacific and
also representing the Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship Company, and T. D. Mc-
Kay, who was appointed the joint pas
senger agent of these transoortation com
panies about a year and a half ago.
This conference was called to adjust
sorue minor differences which has arisen
in connection with McKay's end of the
line, and to arrange for putting out adver
tising matter and perfecting other details
that will aid to bring the traffic to and
through tbe Gulden Gate.
While McKay has made an enviable
record as a whole, there were some things
done that did not meet with the unani
mous approval of his principals. It is now
admitted, however, that they resulted
from misunderstanding of instructions
and are not likely to recur. There is no
doubt that McKav will go back to Yoko
hama in a few weeks at the latest and
continue at his old post.
According to tbe statement of several of
the participants in yesterday's delibera
tions nothing of great public interest was
accomplished. The conference will be re
sumed at 9:30 a. m. to-day, and is expected
to come to r conclusion this evening. Re
cent competition of the lines north of this
port was the cause of this new move orig
inally, and the contemplated establish
ment of one or more new trans-Pacihc
lines has caused this combination of
steamship and railroad linen to exert
greater efforts tiiau ever to corn Dat the en
terprise of the more northern competitors.
TO SELL GOODS STEADILY.
An Experienced Business 3(an Saya That
They Must Alvray* Be Uniform.
"If you want to sell goods steadily,"
declared the man who always takes two
cups of coffee, as he sat over his second
cup, discussing the affairs of the world
with his table companions, "it is of much
more importance that the quality of your
wares should be uniform than it is that
they should be of high grade or even good."
"bo you mean to tell us," asked the
New Englander, "that anybody could find
a steady sale for poor goods? Is the pub
lic a fool?"
"I don't have to answer the last ques
tion, but I will tbe first. You know tliat I
am a coffee tester and an expert. Now, did
you ever hear how the most famous coffeo
nouse in this city got its reputation? You
know the place down in a cellar opposite
the postolnce. It has made fortunes for
its original proprietor, and now a second
generation is getting rich out of it. Well,
the foundation of its success was laid in
the years of the civil war when coffee was
so scarce that it cost $1 a pound.
"In private houses all sorts of substi
tutes were used, such as chicory, roasted
bread crumbs, roasted sweet potatoes,
peas, and in fact almost anything which
would color the water brown and leave in
it a bitter taste. More pretentious places
ttian tne one in the cellar got over tbe
difficulties of furnishing good coffee to
their customers by charging ten cents or
more a cup for it, but the printers and
other workingmen who were the patrons
there had fixed tbe price at rive cents, and
it would have been ruinous to change it.
"Then the proprietor bethought him. He
bought a lot of the rankest-flavored, cheap
est Rio coffee that he could find, mixed
this with a goodly quantity of chicory,
served the decoction made from this, hot
and with plenty of milk, and advertised it
as his 'unapproachable' coffee, or some
thing of that sort.
"There wasn't another restaurant-keeper
in the city who wonld have dared to oner
such a compound to his customers, and no
others tried it. The 'new coffee' had a
very distinctive flavor of its own, and it
drove some old patrons away from the
place, but the others drank it and pretty
soon began to like it and to sound its
praises.— New York Sun.
The King ot rill's Is Beecham's— Bejecham's,
KING TOLD TALES
OUT OF SCHOOL
How the Patronage of
the Supervisors Is
Dispensed.
FRIENDS IN THE SWIM.
A Fat Milk Contract Awarded
by the Member From
the First
THE MAYOR IS SUSTAINED.
No More Street Woik Is to Be Done
by Private Contract — Boxing
Permits Remanded.
The basis on which some of the patron
aee that comes under the control of the
Board of Supervisors is given out was ex
posed by an admission of Supervisor Joe
Kine during the meeting of the board.
Tha contract for supplying milk for the
City and County Hospital was under dis
cussion when King, who is chairman of
the Hospital Committee, demanded that
the matter be left to that body, intimating
that the contract had been given to friends
of Supervisor Taylor, chairman of the
Finance Committee.
The representative of the Eighth Ward
retorted by saying that when the Alms
house cows were killed the place was sup
plied with milk at 40 cents per can, until
King's committee had considered ihe mat
ter, and then the price went up to 50 cents
per can. This cost the City $150 per
month more than under the old arrange
ment.
"I undeistand, moreover, that the con
tract is held by a brother-in-law of Super
visor King," continued Supervisor Taylor,
"and that he did not even go through the
formality of calling his committee together
to ask tne other members' advice when the
contract was awarded, but ran the whole
business to snit bimseif."
Supervisor King was pale with rage
when he rose to reply, and. as was ex
pected, he began with a denial that any
relative of his held the milk contract. In
the next breath, however, he admitted
that he had given out the contract with
out the knowledge or consent of the other
members of the committee and that he
had given it to a friend of his.
"That patronage belongs to the chair
man of the committee, as I understand
it," he said, "and I gave it where I
pleased." He failed to explain why the
price had jumped up 10 cents a can after
the friend got the contract.
Supervisor Taylor amended the motion
to refer by adding a provision calling for
a report at the next meeting, and in that
form the motion was carried.
The contract for lighting the public
streets for the next two years was awarded
to the San Francisco Gas Light Company
at 12 cents per night for street eas lamns
and 55 cents per night for each electric
light in the outlying districts. This is tbe
same price that has been paid for two
years past.
Police Commissioner Mose Gunst was
granted a fifty days' leave of absence with
permission to leave tne State.
The protest of property-ownerß that the
paving on Market street, between Noe and
Castro, is in bad condition and should not
be accepted, was referred to the Street
Committee for investigation.
By a vote of 4 to 4 the Mayor's veto of
the order allowing street work to be done
by private contract was sustained.
The order allowing the Occidental and
Olympic clubs each two permits for box
ing entertainments was referred to the
Health and Police Committee for further
consideration.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Details of the Work Considered by
the Supervisors Yesterday.
The following is a full and complete
review of the street improvements consid- \
ered by the Board of Supervisors yester- I
day: .
FULL ACCEPTANCES.
Van Ness avenue. Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
'Van Ness avenue and Filbert crowing— Bitumen.
Van Ness avenue, Filbert to Greenwich,— Bitu
men. '
Walnut. Sacramento to Clay— Bitumen.
. Cherry, Clay to Sacramento— Bitumen. '
Wiliow avenue. Gough to octavia— Bitumen.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Bitumen.
Sixteenth, Folsom to Harrison— Basalt.
Folsom, seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen, '
Grove, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Waller and Devisidero— Bitumen.
ACCKPTAXCKS. >
Birch avenue, Buchanan to l.nsciina— Bitumen.
Thirteenth, Koe. 10 ycott— Basalt.
Twenty-slxtnS Capp to Mission— Bitumen.
NOTICES OF STRKKT WORK.
Central avenue and Hayes crossing— men.
Masonic avenue and Haigbt crossing— Bitumen.
Haigbt, Masonic avenue to Ash bury —Bitumen,
curt) anil sidewalks.
Maigbiand Ash bury crossing— r.i amen.
Halght, Ashbury to Clayton— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks.
Halght and Clayton crossing— Bitumen.
Haiyht, lay ton to Cole— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks. . _
Halghtand Cole crossing— Bitumen.
Halgbt, Cole to bhrader— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks.
Halght and Sbrader crossing— Bitumen.
ll atfcht, Shrader to Stanyan— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks. • * > . ■
Sanchez, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth— Plank
sidewalks. • ■ . ■• ■ • •
Walter, Thirteenth to Fourteenth, west side—
Granite curb.
Powell, Green to Union, west side— Sidewalks.
day and Fllinsore, northwest corner— Sidewalk.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to . Fifteenth— Curb tad
sidewalk*.
Fourteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Sidewalks.
Seventeenth, Castro to Douglass— Sidewalks.
SII'KWAI.K-i KKDOCI'.n.
Thirteenth, Howard to Harrison— Reduced 3
feet and established at 10 feet wide. .
'" RANKS ESTABLISHED.
Chelsea place, ' 114Va feet south from Bush—
At 187-75 feet.
Chelsea, 137 feet from Hush— ll3.4o feet.
Chelsea, from Bush to termination— To conform
with these grades. " ;
BWIOI-rTION OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
WORK.
Onion, Franklin to Gough— Bitumen.
■Hayes, Pierce to scott— Basalt and stone side
walks. ..-■■--.-• . '
Hayes and Pierce— Basalt, stone sidewalks.
Scott, llayes to Fell— Bitumen sidewalks.
- Kirn avenue. Polk to Franklin— Stone sidewalks.
franklin, Grove to Fulton— Stone sidewalks. ■
Hnlght, Webster to Fitlmore— Stone sidewalks.
Pacific avenue, south side, Franklin to Gough—
Stone sidewalks. . ..
. Pierce, Jackson to Pacific, avenue— Stone side
walks. ' ■ ' •:'■-
York, east side, Twentieth to Twenty-first—Bi
tumen sidewalks.' .
• NOTICE TO OBJKCTOKS TO STHKET WORK.
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— Stone sidewalks,
to be heard August '3. '
' APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— to be
heard August 3. ;•-- • ■. . ■ ■•. . ....
Sixteenth,* Church to Sanchez— Bitumen, to be
beard August 3. ;..
INSTRUCTIONS TO St:t»ERINTKND*NT OP STREETS.
' Julian avenue,' Fifteenth to Sixteenth— To pre
pare specifications for sewer. - • '
Van Ness avenue, Greenwich to Chestnut— Bl
tnmen, to Issue a proportional assessment. . ,
■\ Harrison, Second to Third— To Improve; also to
protect bridge.' Tq*3H(?EKßßßS*n^*ftßßffi
: - ; ' . ]_■ PRIVATE CONTRACT. •
Bay,' Larkln ■ to PolK— Property-owners, to con
strue; sewer. jSgGSKttBMtfMS
; ._■_ ; V. ' PETITIONS ■ FOR GRADES.
Noe and Duncan. ' ■.■.',' ' ; V . '
■ Duncan.' Noe to Sanchez— Four property-owners.
Referred to city Engineer. ". . .. . • ....
■ Thirty-seventh avenue, . 150 feet •• north from
Point Lobos— Adolph fuiro..-: To Engineer.
,: Russia avenue, Paris 1 street 'to • Moscow—
erty-owners. To Engineer.
■ Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— City Engineer to j
furnish plans, etc., at a cost of *85. •
•• EXTENSIONS OF TIMR.
■Van Ness avenue, Union street to Bay— Paving,
60 days. - ' " riT ' r H | 'fcii' I m>w<iOiii nijjmitj in/Wbifj
I (Thirteenth, Castro to Scott— Paving, 80 days.
Douglass, seventeenth : to Klghteenth— Paving,
etc., 60 day 3. .. ...
*-illmore. Oak to Page-Pavinr, etc., 60 days.
Brooklyn place. all— Paving, 60 days.
Hermann and • Laguna— Water inlets, etc., 30
days.
_ Camp, Guerrero to Albion avenue-Paving. 30
days.
B, Seventh avenue to Eighth— Grading, etc.. 60
days.
Broaerlck, Jefferson to Tonquln— Grading, 90
days.
. , - GRADES ESTABLISHED.
: Brady and Market— feet.
Brady and Stevenson— feet.
Brady and Colton— Bß. so feet.
Brady &nd West Mission— 26 feet.
Stevenson, 150:11 southwest from Potter— 39
feet, - . *
Stevenson and Braly — 40.25 feet. '
Stevenson and Crocker— 4l.7s feet,
Crocker and Colton— 4o feet.
Crocker and West Mission— 32.26 feet.
Clement and east line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue—29B feet.
Clement and east line of Thirty-eighth avenue—
315 feet.
Clement and Thirty-ninth avenue— 3lß feet.
- Clement and Fortieth avenue— 3l6 feet.
Clement and Forty-first, avenue— feet.
Clement and Forty-second avenue — 312 feet.
Clement and Forty-third avenue— 3o6 feet.
Clement and Forty-fourth avenue— Ml feet.
Clement and Forty-tilth avenue— 269 feet.
Clement and Forty-sixth avenue— 2o3 feet.
Clement and Forty-seventh avenue— 234 feet.
■ Clement and Forty-eighth avenue— feet.
city KNOINEEk'S description appbotkd.
Ocean avenue, San Jose avenue to Ingleslde— !
Surveys, etc.
STREET WOBK RECOMMENDED BY BUPKBIX
TENDKNT OF BTBEETB.
Octavia, Eddy to Kills— Basalt, curbs.
Page, Webster to Flltmore- Bitumen, curbs.
uougii and Washington, southeast corner— Stone
sidewalk, cesspool, etc
(.lough ana Washington, south half of crossing-
Bitumen. • *
fine, Jones to Leavenwortn— Stone sidewalks.
Twelfth avenue, Point .Lobos avenue to A—
Tweive-inch sewer, etc. i
Sheridan, Ninth to Tenth— Stone sidewalks. '
■ BKCOUMENDED FOB Kt'l.L acceptance.
Bournln. Eddy 10 Ellis— Bitumen.
Capp, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Bitumen.
Bcott, Thirteenth to Waller— Bitumen. !■ .
York, Twentieth 10 Twenty-first— Bitumen.
Capp and Twenty-fifth crossing—
Scott and Waller crossing— Bitumen.
Green and Leavenworth crossing— Bitumen.
BECOUXENDED FOB CONDITION ACCEPTANCE.
Albion " avenue. Sixteenth to Seventeenth-
Bitumen.
Thirteenth, Noe to Scott— Basalt.
Thirteenth and .Noe crossing— Basalt.
Thirteenth and Scott crowing— Basalt.
ASSESSMENTS WITHHELD BY THK MAYOB.
Twenty-fourth and Benches, corner— Sidewalks, |
Twenty-fourth and Vlcksburg, crossing—side
walks. . \ ■ .
Twenty-fourth and Dolores, corners— Sidewalks.
PROPOSAL, TO BE KEAIIVKRHSKD.
. Shotwell, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Stone side
walks.' . ■ . . . »,
[ KKCOM MENDED PASSED TO BSSOLUTION ORDER
INO.
Howard, Sixth to Seventh— Stone sidewalks-
Howard, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walks.
EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEN
DENT OF STREETS.
Casselll avenue. Danvers 10 Falcon avenue-
Grade, etc.. sixty days.
Casselll and Falcon crossing— etc., sixty
days. "
Chenery, Fairmont to Miguel— Sewer, etc., sixty
days.
Chenery, Mateo to Miguel— Sewer, etc., sixty
days. ••-•■■"--■
: Chenery, Mateo to Koanoke— Sewer, ' etc., sixty
I days.
i Chenery and Mateo crossing— Sewer, etc., sixty
days.
Chenery and Boanoke crossing— Sewer, etc.,
! sixty days.
Buena Vista. Waller to Thirteenth— Sewer, etc.,
sixty days.
Chenery and Miguel crossing— Sewer, etc., forty
days. - i
P South, Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenues South-
Grade, etc., sixty days.
Railroad avenue, Second to Eighteenth avenues i
South— Piank sidewalk, etc., sixty days.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM CITY ENGINEER.
Chepultepec, Coso to Virginia— Reporting sur
veys can be made for $195- •
Fifteenth, Castro westerly— Surveys would cost 1
*60.
Lafayette Park-Submitting plans for grading
easterly portion.
Capitol avenue. Sagamore to Ocean avenne—Sur
veys would cost $498.
PETITIONS BKFKRHFD TO BTBKET COMMITTEE.
. Page, Cole to shrader— J. W. Quick to maintain
grass plot on slaewalk.
Steuart, Folsom to Harrison— a. F. &S. M. Pav
in? Company to improve.
I .Lake, Firs: to Thirteenth avenues.
. California, First to Thirteenth avenues— J. J.
I O'Connor for as3exsnient for sidewalks.. , .'
I Rattler test— Property -owners for amendment of
[ order.
1 Berry, Sixth to Seventh— Alva B. Clute, basalt. ,
. I, First to Seventh avenues— Property-owners
for grading, plank sidewalks, etc.
Thirteenth— Property-owners that sewers be not
less than eighteen inches.
Bay, Polk to Van Ness avenue — Property
owners, bitumen and sewer.
Bay and Polk— For bitumen and sewer.
Lyon, Pine 10 Calliornia— Pacific Paving Com*
pauv, bitumen. ;'-t4ft4ti
Eighteenth, Kentucky to Mississippi— Southern
Helgnts Club for stone sidewalks. . ■- -
Ottawa, Mission. Recent and San Jose avenue—
Property-owners f r $2000 for monuments.
Devlsadero, Thirteenth to Waller— John R. Fltr-
Simmon* to retain bitumen sidewalk.
Cortlund avenue, Mission to A ndover avenue-
Estate of James G. Fair tor plank sidewalks. »
Jessie. 251— Flsk to reconstruct sidewalk.
MontKOmery, near Valiejo— Ellen Allen, that
alley be omitted from new map.
PROTESTS BEFEBBED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Linden avenue, Buchanan to Webster— Prop
erty-owners, paving. ■ '
Van Ness avenue. Market to Turk— lmperial
cyclers against repeal of boulevard order.
) Stelnur, Oak to Page Property-owners, paving.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Property
owners, stone sidewalks. ' .
Hayes, Pierce to Scott— Property-owners, pav
ing, etc.
Haye.« and Pierce crossing— Paving.
Greenwich. Leaven worth to Hyde— Property
; owners, grading.
: - Van Ness avenue— Residents against repeal ot
boulevard orvler. . . . . ,
Stelner, Page to Oak— Property-owners against
paving.
M south, Twelfth to Thirteenth avenues South—
Property-owners against manner of work done. •
M and Twelfth avenue'South— Against work.
APPEALS FBOU ASSESSMENT.
Fourteenth and Broderlck— Macadam, set aside.
Greenwich and Polk— sewer, confirmed.
Market, Noe to Castro— Paving, referred to Street
Committee.
Market and Noe crossing— Paving, referred to
Street Committee.- » - . '
Polk, Greenwich and Lombard— Paving, referred
to Street Committee.
LOWEST BIDS.
Fifteenth, Kansas to Rhode Island— Grading,
18% cents, John Kelso.
Clayton, Haight to Waller— Stone sidewalks, 8
cents, Gray brothers and J. G. conroy &. to.
Cole. Haight to nn nller— Stone sidewalks, same.
< Ole and Waller, crossing— Bitumen, 19 cents,
J. J. Dowling.
Klicln Park avenue— Stone sidewalks 10 cents
crosswalks 90 cents, R. H. Woods.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— stone sidewalks, ?Vi
cents, Gray Brothers.
Nineteenth, Noe to Castro— Plonk sidewalks
66 Va cents, Manuel J. Pirrs.
Nineteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks
78Va cents. Manuel 3. Plres.
BF.POBT OP BTBEKT COMMITTEE.
Ivy avenue, Laguna to Buchanan— Bitumen,
protest of property-owners sustained.
Flttewith, San Bruno to Kansas— All proceedings
In grndine recommended stopped till property is
reclaimed.
Jackson to Central avenue — In favor of stopping
construction of sidewalcs.
Ijiftur.a, Haight to Wailer-In favor of passing
work of paving to resolution ordering.
BBCOMMJCNDBD STOPPKD FOB SIX MONTHS.
HaiKht, Clayton to Ashbury— Sewer.
Clayton to Haight— Sewer.
Lake street , First avenue to Second — Paving.
Second avenue, to Point Lobos to Lake street-
Paving.
Hanford, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Paving
and rejecting bids.
Hyde, North Point to Bay— Paving and reject-
Ing bids.
Liyde, North Point to Beach— Paving, etc, and
rejecting bids.
Haigh., Shrader to Stanyjin— Paving, «tc,
Haiglit and Surader, crossing— Paving, etc.
PETITIONS IIKCOMMKNDF.D TO JDDICIABY COX
' MITTKi:.
Block 227, Western Addition, bounded by Eddy,
Turk,' l.aguna and Buchanan— Request to have
no delineation of street on new map.
Ash avenue. Goueh street to Octavia—Property
owners to expunge from map.
Decatur, .Bryant through block 411—Property
owners 10 expunge from map. . - \ .
Cedar j avenue, Van Ness to Franklin street-
San Francisco Ladies' Protection and Belief So
ciety to expunge from map. ,■ '
BECOMMENUKD PASSED TO RESOLUTION OBDEB
' IN«. ,
Cole, Haight to Page— Bitumen. ' .
Clayton, Oak to Page— Bitumen.
Harrison, First 10 Fremont— Bitumen.
l.ftrkln, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
J.arkln and Greenwich— Bitumen. '
i.nrkiu, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen.
Larkin and Lombard— Bitumen. -
Shrader, llaighl to Page— Bitumen. .
Sacramento and Laurel— Bitumen.
Larkln, Lombard . to ■ Chestnut— Bitumen: also
sewer. • : .
PROTESTS AND PETITIONS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
• Sacramento, Front to Davis— Plank sidewalks.
Commercial, Front to Davis— Plank sidewalks.
• KlizabeUi.east corner Castro— Stone sidewalk.
Elizabeth, Sanchez to Noe— Six-foot stone side
walk. H^Mt^aann^EMßnvflPßWMnßaMßai
Army and Castro crossing— Grading, sewering,
etc. ™
Twenty-flrjt i and Chattanooga— Protest against
change of grades. ' ■ - .
.? Seventh, Howard to Folsom— Stone sidewalks. ;
Larkln, Lombard to Chestnut— Grading, etc. ■-
Fulton, Hayes, Masonic and cole, district—Grad
ing, etc :•
PROTESTS AND PETITIONS REPORTED ADVEBSELT.
- Baker, Tonquin to Lewis— J. T. O'Connor, macad
amizing. .. .;•••" . ; ,--:
California, Central to First avenues— Petition of
Richmond Improvement Association forgradine.
etc. . St
: Shrader, Haight to Page— Protest against paving,*
etc. '
• Point Lobos and Seventh, Ninth, Eleventh and
Twelfth avenues— of J. Dolan for release
from contract for sewer outlet*. "
PLACED ON FILE.
Twenty-first and Chattanooga— Property-owner*
for change of grade. •■
Fremont, Harrison to Bryant— Recommendation
of Board of Health that sewer be constructed.
BABREII FOR SIX MONTHS. ,
Collingwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Paving.
Pevisadero, Halght to Waller— Paving.
. Lombard, Polk to Van Ness— Paving. .
The Royal Arsenal at "Woolwich, Eng
land, employs about 15.000 workmen, and
has forty miles cf internal railways.
SEW TO-PAT.'
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD lE. J. W. MCDONALD, Prea
C. B. STONE 12 W. E. DESXISO.V.Sco.
T. B. BISHOP )■« COL. J. H. MENDELL.
J.W. MCDONALD I £ Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. E.DENNISONJ« (Retired),
CONSILTI.NU ENQINKEB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, I All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges an.l
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITOMM mm. 1 -SSwaS. Jettlea "*
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A.E.BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, sewering,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
• OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEIN ER AND WALLER ST&,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & M ALLEY,
OFFICES:
282 Montgomery st. fAYTP A AT AP V
Telephone, Main 120' i. VVll IIIAt1 II At IVII.\1 VII. \
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sis.
. Telephone, West 789.
I San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE HUD ARTIFICIAL STONE.
. FIRST QUALITY ONLY. '
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
PROPERTY OWNERS!
| ATTENTION.
V7k OE3STTS
I Per square foot (no discrimination) Is what yon
I can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
ROCK for by the
I PACIFIC PAVING COMPANY.
Office 106 and lOBPholau Building.
Call on us or send your address and our repre-
sentative will call on you. Telephone Main 658.
TELEPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
j GENERAL MILL WORK, SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing: and Resawinsr.
OFFICE AND FACTORY, j
229-233 Berry Si, Bet. 4th and sth.
Box 19. Builders' Exchange. S. F.
j ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Faints. Varnishes, Nevada Compound, «to <
23 SPEAR BT. ..- Telephone 5320.
D £ D BUILDING
LJOi PAPER. . .
. sold BY ALL DEALERS.
i JOHN E. MILLAR. thos. B. SIMPSON.
' SIMPSON & MILLAR, gSS^?§a
[ Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larlcln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
j Telephone 1932. San Francisco
D 0. D COMPOSITION AND
■ ' « "■ GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflne Paint Co., 118 Battery Street.
FLINN & TREACY.
I ART — STONE -- SIDEWALKS - AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
301 MONTOOMBRY st
i |BHI(iIADDIN(..McBE\N&(a
Pp81353-1360 MARKET ST.
lililirallifl WORKS-LINCOLN CAL.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
1 FIEB-PROOF, :■'■:?
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. ■;•;■
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths,
j 200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
1 Overlook! uk Central Park and the Hndkm Blt«t>
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service . unequalled anywhere in
- America.
-. Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either '
6th or 9th aye. " L TI to 66th St., or Broadway cable
; cars to hotel.  Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. .. American plan, $3 up.'' Host com- '
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
bNewToric. W. JOBKSOX QUUW, MgC ,
WM. NOBIA, Propr. •
910
KEEP A GUARDIAN
ANGEL'S RECORD,
Good and Evil to Be Bal
anced in Black and
White.
DISCIPLINE BY RECORD.
Every Employe of the Southern
Pacific to Have a Page
in a Ledger.
WAGES NOR TIME TO BE LOST.
Suspensions to Be So On'y in Name.
Objects of the Innovation
Fully Explained.
Beginning with the Ist of August every
employe ol the transportation department
of the Pacific systen/ of the Southern
Pacific Company will be put on record for
every good and evil deed he performs. On
that date the system of "discipline by rec
ord," which originated with George R.
Brown, general superintendent of the Fall
Brook Railway, will be in force on all the
Western lines of the Huntington corpora
tion.
By this method a suspension will merely
be so on the record, as the employe will
be allowed to continue at work and to
draw his pay as usual, but the "suspen
sion" will militate aguinst his promotion
and may be part of accumulation of poor
records thai will cause dismissal.
In the circular issued to superintendents
yesterday it is stated that the leading ob
jects of the system are as follows:
To secure a higher state of efficiency. To
avoid loss of time and wages of employes, and
consequent possible suffering of those who may
be dependent on their earnings, as well as de
moralization of the employe by enforced idle
ness. To avoid that incorrect and pernicious
feeling on the part 01 the employe who has
been actually suspended, and thus lost money
in wages that be has j>a;d tiie company for the
loss and trouble he lihs caused, and that he
tan settle again in the same manner. To en
able the eni].ioye to gain ia purse, in self
respect, in mauiiness, 111 interest in his work,
in permanence <>i employment. In loyalty to :
the company, and in solicitude for its interests;
by whic.i the company expects to gain a man
more contented, more intelligent, more cour
teous, more watchJuJ and zealous for its inter
ests, realizing that they are practically his own,
thus securing a more harmonious, economical
»nd efficient service, in whicii the element of
force is not predominant.
The details of the proposed innovation
are thus described in a circular addressed
to all employes of the transportation de
partment:
On August 1, IS9B, the system of "discipline
by "record" for permanent employes will be
lilt Into effect on the Pacific system 01 this
company (except on Oregon iiiie-) and suspen
sions from duty, with consequent ios^ o: time,
Will be discontinued. Discipline will be main
tained by repnmaud, book-fcusjieusion or by
dismissal from the service. Upon tliatdate nil
employes will be considered as starting in w iih
a clear record. As occasion requires an individ
ual account will be opened with each employe
in a book kept especially for that purpose in
the superintendent * office.
Reprimands will be noted on the records of
emiioyes who m.iy receive >ame. Suspension,
thi'Ujhforrt certain number of days, will be
nominal. Instead oi actual suspension the
employe at fault will be allowed to continue
at work. A charge will be made on the record
in the book in tae superintendent'? 'office of
every case of neglect of duty, violation <■! the
ruies or of good practice, accidents, improper
condu ct, etc., resulting in discipline of an em
ploye, with the penalty imposed, as may be de
termined by tue superintendent.
Record bulletins will be issued by the super
intendent not uitener than fortnightly and
posted at Qivisiou terminals on a special
board. These bulletins will be educational;
they will be issued lor, and give a brief account
of, each case that has resulted in discipline,
and state how i: could h;;ve been avoided, but
will omit all reierence that would identify the
person at fault.
Such acts as disloyalty, dishonesty, deser
tion, intemperance, insubordination, willful
neglect, gross carelessness, immorality, viola
tion of rules whereby the company's property
is endangered or destroyed, making mlse re
ports or statements, or concealing facts con
cerning matters ui.der investigation, etc., wiil,
ns heretoiore, subject the offender to summary
dismissal.
Credits will be given on the record, and may
also b? bulletiuea, ior notably excellent con
duct, deeds of heroism and loyalty, good judg
ment in emergencies, etc. These special credits
will be given full consideration in connection
with any charges eutered.
No reprimaua or suspension will be noted
against an etnp.oye's individual record with
out notice to the person affected and an oppor
tunity given for explanation and delense.
Each" employe's record will be open ior in
spection aunng business hours at the super
intendent's office by the employe himself, but
not by others except by division and general
officers. If not practicable for an employe to
co to the office a umiscript of his record will
be sent him upon appiicntion.
No suspension will be made for less than ten
or more than days.
Reprimands una suspensions charged against
an employe's record may be canceled as fol
iows: A reprimand will be canceled by a per
fect record ior three months. A suspension of
ten days will be canceled by a periect record
lor six months. A suspension of more tnaa
ten and not exceeding twenty days will be
canceled by a perfect record tor nine months.
A suspension ol more than twenty and not ex
ceeding thirty days will be canceled by a per
iect record for one year. A suspension of more
than thirty and not exceeding sixty days will
be canceled by a periect record for one and
one-half years. Inasmuch a.s the credit sys
tem is an experiment, the length of perfect
record for which credits are given is subject to
change whenever it may be louud to bear un
justly on employes affected by it, or on the
company. An accumulation of poor records,
showing that any employe is not a desirable
nan for the service, will call for the special
consideration of the superintendent, and may,
after a hearing, bring dismissal, though he
may not have committed any offense that of
itself would have warranted dismissal.
It is expected that the system of "discipline
by record "will prove of great advantage alike to
the company and to its employes and their fam
ilies. Waees will not be lost by disciplined em
ployes who are not to be dismissed, except for
Kuch time as may be required for satisfactory
investigation, in attendance at the office of the
superintendent or by themselves looking up
lacts, witnesses, etc., after which the employe
Will return to his work. His also expected that
It will encourage and stimulate all employes
to co-operate heartily with the officers of the
company in matters penalising to harmony,
economy, safety and efficiency, thereby securing
better service and increasing benefits, security
and satisfaction to the public and to ail.
One oi the pertinent instructions to su
perintendents is as follows:
In case of a total of suspensions of any em
ploye in excess of about ninety days in any
one year, or of an accumulation of poor rec
ords showing incompe'ence or a series of acts
of negligence or of violation o: the rules or of
good practice you will «all him to your office
to explain his record. He should be shown his
failures and afforded an opportunity to con
vince you that it will be to the interest of the
company to < ontinue him in the service, fail
ing in which he will be dismissed.
Specimen record bulletins have been
composed and printed sheets of them dis
tributed to ail the superintendents. Here
are a few of them :
A light yard engine started to go to freight
house. The englneman, failing to notice that
signal was against him, ran his engine off the
track at derailing switch.
The engiaeman has been suspended fifteen
days.
A fireman was recently called to go out on
his run. Caller found him helplessly Intoxi
cated. Tlie fireman has been dismissed. It is
hoped this case will be a lesson and a warning
to all other employes. Total abstinence from
the use of Intoxicating liquors is necessary
in railroading. (See Rule 200.)
A passenger engineman discovered a band of
sheep on the track a short distance ahead.
Instead of dashing into them and killing a
number, and causing the company to pay for
them he slowed down, and so managed that
all were driven from tr>e track and none in
jured.
The action of the engineman Is commended,
and it has been entered to his credit.
A freight brakeman found two tramos In an
empty car. Though they threatened to do
him bodily barm and offered him money to let
them ride'he ejected them.
His conduct is approved, and this method is
taken of commending him. It cancels several
charges on the record book.
CAW HELD BLAMELESS.
The Captain of the Blainnore Not
Responsible for the Wrecking
of That Vessel.
Inquests into the deaths of Henry Lind
strand, Roland E. Siegle, Thomas Lud
gate and Harry Clark, four of the men
who were drowned in the wreck of the
Blairmore. were held by Coroner Hawkins
yesterday.
Captain Caw and Wrecker Whitelaw
were asked to give an opinion as to tne
amount of ballast in the Blairmore.
Whitelaw said there was between 260 and
280 tons, while Captain Caw thought there
was 250 English tons of ballast in the
vessel. The amount of ballast was as
great as any of the vessels used. The tide
was running strong at the time, causing
the boat to run up on the anchor chain.
The stronger the tide the greater the lean
ing of the vessel. When the squall came
the extreme had been reached, with the
result that the boat capsized.
Ten witnesses were examined altogether,
the testimony corroborating that of Cap
tain Caw and Wrecker Whitelaw. The
jury returned the following verdict: "That
according to the testimony placed before
us we find the captain was not to blame
in the matter, and that the death of the
above parties was purely accidental."
Dr. Barrett yesterday performed an
autopsy on the body of George W. Wallis,
tbe man who was found dead in his bed at
the Rubs House last Tuesday morning.
No trace of poison was found. It will be
remembered that at the time Willis wrote
a letter to his son-in-law announcing his
intention of committing suicide. It is
now thought that just as tbe deceased was
about to execute his threat, death came to
his relief. ___^_________
CARNIVAL CANVASS OPENS
To-Day Members of the Execu
tive Committee Will Visit
Merchants.
Miss Maxine Elliott to Auction Off
Sats To-Day for the Benefit at
the Columbia Wednesday.
For a short time yesterday afternoon
the fate of the carnival of the Golden Gate
was trembling in the balance. The finance
committee have been somewhat dilatory
in getting out the collection books. An
animated discussion as to who was to
blame for this delay brought forth the
resolution from Colonel George Stone that
the committee adjourn sine die. Instantly
every member was upon his feet to protest
against any such action being taken.
When the committee finally got out of the
tangle of resolutions, amendments to reso-
lutions, etc., it was decided that each
member of the executive committee take
one of the books, ask some gentleman to
assist him. and start this morning on the
canvass, ln order that there might be no
delay in the work of collecting a number
of changes were made.
Owing to the duties of Secretary Doolan
preventing his regular attendance at the
meetings Oscar Boldemann was appointed
financial secretary and a number of other
changes were made in the personnel of the
executive committee. Mr. .Boldemann,
the new financial secretary, is also secre
tary of the Pacific Coast Commercial Trav
elers' Association, and has been a most
active worker on the carnival committee
since its inception. He entered at once on
the discharge of his duties and in con
junction with Chairman Soule districted
the city and gave the gentlemen of the
committee their books.
The changes made in the committee
were as follows: Colonel J. C. Currier in
place of J. A. Steinbach. Colonel H. P.
Bush in place of H. J. (.'rocker, R. H. Kav
anagh in* place of J. D. Spreckels, Hugo
Keil in place of F. Tillmann Jr., and Ru
dolDh Herold Jr. in place of Colonel J. F.
Smith.
S. H. Friedlander of the Columbia The
ater was unanimously appointed carnival
director.
The following members of the executive
committee will visit tbe business men in
different portions of the city a3 follows:
I. L. Rosen thai— Both sides of Kearny street
from Market to Washington.
S. H. Tacy— North side of Market street from
Montgomery to Polk.
Colonel George Btone and K. B. Soule—Capi
talists and corporations.
S. H. Friedlander, F. A. Haber and Dr. E. E.
Hill— M.-rket street, north side, from ferry to
Montgomery, and south side from ferry to
Tenth street.
General R. H. Warfield and Oscar Bolde
mann—Battery, Front, Davis. Drumm and East
streets from Market to seawall.
Dr. D'Evelyn— Montgomery street from Mar
ket to the seawall.
William F. Lutz— Sansome street from Mar
ket to Washington.
Judge George H. Bahrs and Colonel J. J.
O'Byrne— Public offic;als and new City Hall.
Other districts will be announced to-day.
Miss Maxine Elliott will be at the Mer
chants' Exchange at 1 o'clock this after
noon to auction the boxes and loges for
the benefit performance at the Columbia
Theater on Wednesday. Colonel O'Byrne
will be present to assist tae lady to tbe
best of his ability. All the members of
the executive committee intend being
present and doing all in their power to
make her first appearance upon the auc
tion-block an unqualified success.
Tickets are boing rapidly sold for the
matinee on Wednesday afternoon. Those
heretofore issued can be exchanged at the
box-office of the Columbia Theater for
reserved seats.
A delegation from the theatrical stage
employes called upon General Warfield
yesterday and stated to him that the mem
bers of that association would give their
services free to any theater giving tbe
gross receipts of a performance for the
benefit of the carnival.
Henry J. Crocker of the executive com
mittee, owing to his contemplated absence
from the City, regretfully tendered bis
resignation. He stated, however, that he
was in full accord with the purposes of the
carnival.
Specifications for bidders on the souve
nir programme are now ready at carnival
headquarters in the Mills building. Bids
must be submitted by 4 r. m. next Mon
day.
Barred Out for Good.
The efforts of ex-Customs Inspector Bar
rett to oe reinstated have failed. He waa
notified by Secretary Carlisle yesterday that
under no circumstances would the case be re
opened. The ex-inspeotor was removed from
the service about twelve months ago as the
result of an investigation by Special Treasury
Agent Moore. The removal came about the
time of the Koss scandai, and created no little
comment in Federal circles. Barrett bad some
warm friends in the customs Bervice, and they
have been making a vigorous fight for his re
instatement. The decision, however, of the
Secretary of the Treasury forever kills Bar
rett's chances to again serve Uncle Sam. This
is regarded as a victory of no small Importance
for Major Moore.
How l,ong Shall They Serve?
The cases ot Groeztnger vs. Sutro and Kahn
vs. Butro have been submi tted to the decision
of the Supreme Court. The cases involve the
very important question as to whether under
the County Government act the terms of
County officers B hail be two or four years ln
duration. The outcome of the cases is looked
for with much interest.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewel* at Uncle
Harris. 16 tiraat avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
SOUGHT FOR GOLD
AND FOUND PYRITES
The Geary-Avenue Claim
Did Not Meet Expec
tations.
BOYS IX POSSESSION.
Contractor Broderick's Expected
Fortune Suddenly
Vanishes.
WHAT THE ROCK REALLY IS.
It Contains Sulphurets in Which There
May Be Some Gold— No Assay
Has Been Made.
The "gold mine" on the south side of
Geary avenue, opposite Central avenue,
was only a three days' wonder, and yes
terday the "claim" was abandoned to a
THE GOLD MINE AT THE WEST END OF GEARY STREET.
gang of small boys, who continued the
search for the ore-bearing rock.
P. Broderick, who is a distant relative of
David C. Broderick, had the contract for
erecting a wall 300 feet long and seventeen
feet high on the north line of Calvary
Cemetery. It was necessary to rentove
about six thousand cubic yards of earth ;
and while the men were working they
uncovered a pile of rock which scintillated
like iridescent boa An examination
led to the discovery of thousands of yel
lowish bits of metal, which created the im
pression that it was gold.
"I'm not a miner," said Mr. Broderick
yesterday, "and I would not know a gold
mine if I should stumble on it; but when
I saw the shining particles, and men who
said they were miners declared that there
was gold in sight, I concluded to protect
any rights I might have and put up an
eight-by-eight fence on the spot. There
were a number of people out here yester
day, and they examined the ore, but they
were divided in rheir opinions, and, com
ing to the conclusion that there was noth
ing in it, I took down the fence this morn
ing. That is the end of the Calvary gold
mine."
The boys of the neighborhood were, how
ever, not so easily convinced as was ■ Mr.
Broderick, for after the fence had been
removed they "jumped the claim" and
held it against all comers. Yesterday
afternoon there was a gang of a dozen or
more on their hands and knees overhaul
ing the pieces of broken rock, and when
one found a piece with a gliyC-r in it he
would thrust it into his pocket with as
much gratification as if it had been a
nugget.
"Boys, you are wasting your time, for
that rock is of no value," said a gentle
man who had watched them at their work.
One of tbe youngsters looked up for
moment, placed his index finger to his
eye and asked, "Say, what ye givin' us; v
don't you think we knows gold when we
sees it?" and with that he resumed his
exploratian.
A piece of the rock waa shown to Fred
M. Johnson, an assayer, who after exam
ining it for a few moments under the glass
said: "This is commonly called 'green
stone.' It is ■ composed of spar, talc and
lime and it contains a great deal of iron
pyrites and . sulphurets. On the surface
there is no trace of gold, but an assay
might show some gold in the sulphuieta. "
——^ —
INDOOR CYCLE RACING.
Kn tries and Handicaps for the Sacra
mento Tournament This 'Week.
The three days' indoor cycle-racing tour
nament, to be held at Sacramento th* lat
ter part of this week, will attract a great
many of the racers from this City, as the
entries for th? first evening's events show.
The entries and handicaps, which latter
have been arranged by R. A. Smyth, offi
cial handicapper of the League ol Ameri
can Wheelmen, are as follows:
Mile, scratch, professional— First heat: H.
Downing, G. C.'C.; D. E. Whitman, O. C. W. ;
M. J. Lee, P. A. C: K. E. Dow, O. C.
Second heat— W. A. Terrlll, B. C. W. ; J. E.
Edwards, O. C; E. Cushing. G. C. C; Bert
Bucker, unattached.
Third heat— P. Metcalf, I. C. C; A. N. Jones
0. C. W.; A. M. Boyeen, R, A. C. ; Canby Hew
itt. L. A.
Fourth heat— R. L. Long, B. C. W. ; Oscar
Osen, O. C; C. L. Davis, O. C. W.; F. M. Byrne,
1. C. C.
Mile, professional, handicap — First heat: O.
Osen. 20 yards; C. L. Davis, 4s yards; R. Cush-
Ing, 65 yards; P. Metcalfe, 85 yards.
Becond heat — A. N. Jones, scratch; M. J.Lee,
35 yards ; R. E. Dow, 40 yards ; F. M. Byrne, 75
yards.
Third heat— J. E. Edwards, 25 yards ; D. E.
Whitman, 50 yards; Bert Rucker, 60 yards; A.
M. Boyden, 80 yards.
Fourth heat— R. L. Lone, 20 yards; H. Down
ing, 40; Canby Hewitt, 50; W. H. Haley, 75.
One-half mile, handicap, amateur, first heat
—P. R. Mott, 10 yards; E. Languetin, 20; T. F
Welch, 30; C. F. Baur, 40: J. M. Goodwin, 55.
Second heat — 3. R. Kenna, scratch; L. A.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Payen, 30 yards; C. W. Congar, 46; G. J. Jack
ton, 50.
Third heat— G. H. Crafta, 10 yards; E. Chap
man, 15; J. Hirsch, 30; D. W. Pierson, 40.
Fourth heat— C. M. Smith, 10 yards; J. 8.
Brereton, 30; K. Wiedemann, 35; H. Ten
Bosch, 35.
Fifth heat— L. 8. Young, 10 yards; G. M.
Hamlin, 15; C. F. Lemmon and Walter Leitch,
30. '
One mile amateur scratch— First heat: L. A.
Payen, C. C. C. ; P. R. Mott, E. A. C. ; E. W.
Decker, Acme.
Second heat— L. A. Young, C. C. W. ; E. Chap
man. 0. C. W.; J. K. Kenna, Acme; C. F.
Bower.
Third heat— J. 8. Brereton, C. M. Smith, O. C. ;
fl. Ten Bosch, C. C. W. ; C. W. Congar, I. C. C.
Fourth heat— W. Leitch, C. C. W. ; E. E. Lan
guetin, B. C. W.; G. H. Crafts, Acme; T. F.
Welsh, C. C. W.
The list of officials who will have charge
of the meet ar>: Referee, Walter B. Faw
cett, O. C. W.: judges— F. H. Kerrigan,
B. C. W., Scott Ennis, C. C. W.. Will Rip
ley, unattached, James B. Little, 0. C. W.,
Len Andrews, C. C. W. ; timers— H. D.
Hadenfeldt, 0. C. W., August Young,
C. C. W., Horace Ball, unattached ; starter,
L. Stewart Upson, C. C. W. ; announcer,
Horace D. Crocker, C. C. W. : clerk of the
course, George E. Dixon, B. C. W.; assist
ants—Fred Hammer, P. H. 8., Robert
Smith, C. C. W., M. L. Espinosa, 0. C;
umpires— Mose Lavenson, C. C. W.. J. F.
Sheehan, C. 0. W.: scorers— F. T. Dwyer,
C. (J. W., H. H. Cosgriff, O. C. W., Gaien
Graham, M. C. ; marsnals— James Clark
and Charles Kcenig.
Messrs. Bowden, Campbell and Deacon
of the Reliance Club Wheelmen started
awheel for Yosemite Valley last evening.
Most Seek Other Quarters.
It Is thought that work on the new munici
pal building will begin within the next five
weeks. Yesterday Architect Frank Shea noti
fied Coroner Hawkins that the present quar
ter- would have to be vacated within the time
named. The present structure will be de
molished and immediately thereafter the cor
nerstone of the new building will be laid.
Coroner Hawkins has not yet secured new
quarter.", but thinks that the old Alta building
on California street would about nil the bill
temporarily.
PETER MAHER WILL SPAR
The Heavy Weight Will Exhibit
Himself if He Cannot Fight
/ Choynski.
His Manager, Michael Connolly, De
clares He Will Accept No Less
Than a $6000 Purse.
Michael Connolly, who is for Peter
Maher what Billy Brady is for Jim Cor
bett, gave his ultimatum yesterday to the
National Athletic Club.
"We came out to this coast on your
promise of a $6000 purse to meet Joe
Choynski. We are here willing and
anxious to do battle if you, Mr. Groom,
representing the National Athletic Club,
will produce Mr. Choynski and a permit
to spar from the authorities. You seem
to be having some trouble in pulling the
match off and we do not wish to crowd 7
you. We will wait four days longer and
if you are not ready we will be open for
engagements with any other institution
wishing to talk business."
Subsequently Mr. Connolly said:
■ "If the National Athletic Club cannot
bring the fight off we will not have any
thing to do with any other club unless the
full amount of $6000 is put up as a purse.
"The Olympic Club has already offered
$4000, and I am satisfied the $2000 lacking
will be put up to see such men as Maher
and Cboynski come together. If it is not
we will return East, where Choynski is,
and we can get a match on there. .
"Before we leave, however, we will not
disappoint the public. We will . give an
exhibition, at which Maher will endeavor
to stop the best men put against him."
— — — ' ♦ ' ■' — .' --. "">'
THE LOCAL BOXERS.
McAullffe In Training— Mike Luoay
and Henry Peppers Ar«
Matched.
A few weeks ago, that is before the St.
Georges Club was refused a permit to hold
a boxing exhibition in this City by the
Supervisors, its secretary sent several
letters and dispatches to Jack McAuiiffe,
whose residence was then announced as
New York., offering the ex-champion
lightweight pugilist a good parse to fight
Jimmy Carroll, the club's boxing in
structor, ten rounds in this City.
McAuiiffe did not answer any of the let
ters or telegrams until yesterday, when
the secretary of the St. Georges Club re
ceived a few lines from him stating that
he was "out of town," but if the condi
tions of tbe proposed contest were satis
factory to him he would tight Carroll
uuder the auspices of the St. Georges
Club.
Carroll is anxious to have another
chance to try conclusions with McAuiiffe
and will agree to almost any terms offered
if a match can be consummated.
Young Mitchell of the Occidental Club
slates mat ibe Slavin and McAuiiffe figm
will be held in the latter part of Septem
ber, as the manager and trainer of McAu
iiffe, Barney Farley, wants all the time he
can get to put "his boy" in shape for a
hard mill.
It is said that inside of two weeks Far
ley has reduced "the Mission Giant"
twenty pounds by giving tbe pugilist lib
eral potations of his wonderful discovery.
McAuiiffe will now devote bis time and at
tention to road exercise, of which lie in
tends to take considerable until the latter
part of September. The big fellow realizes
that this will be his last chance, and it is
safe to say he will leave no stone unturned
in perfecting his condition for a sharp con
test.
George Lavigne, the champion light
weight, does not propose to remain at rest
very long, neither does he fancy the stage.
His manager, Sam Fitzpatrick, in a letter
to young Mitchell, stated that Lavigne was
open to meet any man in his class and did
not bar color-
Young Mitchell immediately set about
to find some one for him, and George Green
was suggested as being about the only
representative of the fraternity on this
coast who might possibly make an inter
esting contest with Lavigne. Green, who
was spoken to In the matter, refused to
fight Lavinge at any specified weight and
reluctantly said that it Lavigne wanted a
match with him real bad, he could have it
at catch weights.
Lavigne fights at 133 pounds or there
abouts and Green can fight strong at 145
pounds. Lavigne's friends say that "the
kid" would not object to a split in the dif
ference of weights.
The Occidental Club will match Henry
Peppers aDd Mike Lucey, the old-time
pugilist, to box eight rounds on the even
ing of the club's first exhibition. This
will be only one of the "curtain raisers,"
however.
STRUCK BY A CABLE-CAR.
W. F. leman, a Bicyclist, Has a Narrow
Escape.
W. F. Leman, 3435 Sixteenth street, was
riding on a bicycle along Sixth street yes
terday morning. At Howard street he at
tempted to cross in front of a cable-car,
but was not quick enough. The car struck
his wheel and he was thrown violently to
the ground.
He was picked up in an unconscious
condition and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. He was bleeding from tbe left ear,
and it was feared his skull was fractured.
He remained uj^conscious for about four
hours, and then he had no recollection of
being strucK by the car. He was suffi
ciently recovered to be sent home last
night.
KEW TO- DAT.
J\^)mvaoa\
*^\ . — - — —^&£M . ■
SOLE AGENTS FOR THB
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
WE HAVE MADE
A Great
Cut in Prices
IN OUR
Lace
AND
Silk
Departments
AND PLACE ON SALE
6000 YARDS
EMBROIDERED
Chiffon Laces,
6 INCHES WIDE,
AT
¥ C Cents
a yard,
REGULAR VALUE 35c A YARD.
3500 YARDS
FANCY FIGURED !
Silk
Organdies,
WASHABLE,
28 INCHES WIDE,
AT
"2'gf Gents
■' : %y^ yard,
REGULAR VALUE 65c A YARD.
If yon wish to secure any of the above Silks
or Laces call earl and avoid disappointment.
See display of above Great Bargains in our
show windows.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMU & LEVMSOK
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 742 and 744 Market
- Street.-
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOB THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., 8. F.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
~REDUiED RATES BY RAIF "
—TO— .
PORTIjAWP, OR,
WEDNE5DAY............ JULY 22
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
; of Market St., at 8 p. v. <
01 II ncludlni!r Berth in Pullman
Ol U. U U Tourist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in fliin.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. • . •p LV __
SPECIAL NOTICE. .
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets
be sold or baggage checked to such points.
tar Through Tickets for Puzet Sound
Points on Sale at I. educed ales. .
For further information apply at
. 613 MARKET STRKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
( - ■._■ Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. AgL
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
*w o (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Wnm San **•***%£££»*£* June 15,, i B9 a
*3> ft 111 ii,Ti'l!' J ', ? D A San «afael -7:00. «B<oo
___ SUNDAYS.
' ll'ob a. St. - *' *" Extnitr| P t0 B*usalitoa»
Trains marked • run to San Qsentln. ••laisa
} , r. H. does not run to Mill Valley - "
»», Pfti-, J HROtJIiH TXAIN3.
:
DOCTOR SWEANY.
"As if the city were not overrun with physi-
cians !"
Then why are there so many sick ? Why ars
there all around us men and women who are con-
tinuously under treatment of this and then that
doctor, yet never get well ?
Because ordinary skill will not conquer extra-
ordinary, obstinate, deep-seated diseases. Such
troubles that have thrown out roots and tentacles
for months and years cannot be weeded from the
body by ordinary methods. It takes expert
knowledge, born of great volumes of experience
and practice. It takes the deepest, clearest pos-
sible insight into the mysteries of human func-
tions, shrouded as they often are in darkness,
where the ordinary medical eye see 3 little and
guesses at facts when it perceives only shadows.
DR. SWEANY, the greatest of modern special-
ists, is the hope of the hopeless ; their star in the
night of despair ; a star that has already led untold
thousands from the quagmires of disease and suffer-
ing to the green fields of health and happiness.
He cures the worst chronic cases of :
1. BLOOD AND SKIN DlSEASES— impure or poison-tainted
blood, abscesses, cancers, eruptions, pimples, eczema, erysipelas,
anaemia, chlorosis, etc.
2. CATARRH— of nose, throat, ear, eye, lunga — catarrh of
the stomach, etc.
3. DISEASES OF THE INTERNAL ORGANS— hardest to
diagnose, hardest to cure. STOMACH — dyspepsia, flatulency,
vomit ng, gastritis. LIVER — congestion, biliousness, enlargement'
fstty liver, hepatites, etc. DISEASES of the KlDNEYS— Bright's'
disease, sravet; DROPSY; of the LUNGS— consumption, pleurisy,
etc. : of the HEART — palpitation, neuralgia, irregularity, valvular
troubles. RUPTURE.
4. DISEASES OF WOMEN— catarrh of the womb, whites, etc.
Out-of-town patients are treated successfully by mail.
The poor treated FREE every Friday afternoon. Call personally.
Office honrs: 9to 12, 3to 5 and 7to 8; Sundays 10 to 12. Address
DOCTOR SWEANY, Sl i s "^;%.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
lib on Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
**?£, 1^? 11 U:o ° *•*•• "••■*
8:80, 8:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta
« l\f°*-^Saturdays-ExtM^trlpa « 1:6«
BCNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. H.; l!S * 3:3&
o :00, 6 :20 p. v.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, - 9:10, 1110 A. w .
BtJ^ioo. VY 7 5 M. 9:; " 11:1 ° *• lt: I: *°- 3! **
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pars: ran*
schedule as above. "™"
B»n£»nclsco. j^ffi? I Ban
7:30 am 7:30 am | Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8 :30 9:30 am Petalnma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ax
6:10 pm 1 6:00 pmJ Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 ph
_ „_ Fulton, ~ !
7:80 am Windsor, 10:10 am
IT slung.
Geyser vtlle,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 r»
" - - . - ; MetaT" " " ~~" .
7:30 am Hqpland A .' 10-10 am
8:30 pm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
7:80 am I [ " " 10 10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:80 pm a " a "
3:30 "*! 6:15 pk
7:80 am 7:30 am . Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and "i
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I;I8 p^iSS £|' »»"** Teiog I ,!^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa Tor Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Sprtßjrs- at
Cfoyerdale for the Geysers; at PleUfor Highland
gjrlngs Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay. and l^keport; at
HopUnd for Lakeport and Bartiett Spring.; at
Ukiah for Vichy Sorings, Saratoga Springs, Blno
Lakes, Laurel D«1I Lake, Upper La* Porno. Potter
V^} cy *o jo ? n Da y»- Riverside. Lierley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullviUe, Boonerilll
Greenwood, On-s Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg, W*stport, TJsal. Willets, Cahto <S
Wo. Laytoßville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka;
r»t^ tU yto Monday round-trip tickets at redacted
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all oointa it*,
yond San Rafael at half rates. .«•«»«• oe-
. Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ag'eafc
Atlantic "^^^^^^
Pacific M&&&X
railroad Jpiiir^^^via
Trains leave and arrive * Hetctlo!
SMTA FE EXPRESS. W&pM
To Cb h? r %ttVTn£: * l \» EBSSiilll
Leaves every day at 5 p M ■
and b€ddln« and in char« o??" no^ter l l*S*
through to Chicago via Kmim ffi. > » rßn dally
for Denver and 8u Louis? ty * Annex ca »
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
Telephone Main 1531.: : : B *» dl °«'
gjANSyp/LLS
•KJTOr^rtlt^e!*?^^, Always reliable. Tal! !
'■' for WVim^. I*? leby »U<lrnegisrs.-. Bend
- oOUTH EIGHTH BT..PHH i ADA.,PA,, T
.- _ RAILROAP TRAVEL.'
HOCTHERX PACIFIO COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BVBTEM.I
Trnlaa lean- and are line to arrive nl
SAX JPKANCISCO.
C.EA7E — From JCNE 7, 1896. — ARRIVI
•6:OO a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »:4» \
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. »-4«»
7:00 a Benina, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding Tia
Davis ..: •t43p
7:00 a Martinez,' San Ramon, Nap*, Calls-
..« T toga and Santa Rosa 6:13*
■ i3oa NiSes, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarjaTilie and Reg
81uff..... 4tlsp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton # 7:13p
J. •t««A LO3 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I, on Angeles 4:43*
SsBOa Martinez and Stockton ..,.."... 11:13 v
8:OOa Vallejo 6:13~p
l:0Op Niles, San Jose and LiTermore 9:4.1 a
•1:00p Sacramento Rirer Steamers »0:00p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations r7s4»F
. 4tOOp Martinez. San. Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Oalistoga, El Verano ane
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
*M»«p Benicia, . Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTill^
„ OroTillo and Sacramento 1«:43a
4:8 Op Nile 3, San Jose, LWermore and
. „„ ' Stockton 7:13p
■4:8»p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
_ __ ■ .Yosemite) and Fresno 11140 a
Oieop New Orleans Express, t'resno Baker*
fleld, Santa Rarb»ra,l,os Angelea;
iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
__ East.-.....:. 10:19 a
8i«»p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
I'„ _ tor Mojare and East.... IC:l5a
\ BiOOp Vallejo 11:43 a
6:OOp European Mail, Ogdcn and East.... 0:43 A
6«OOp Haywards, Nile* and San Jose 7:45 a
|7:0 Op Va11ej0.......... t7i4Br-
-7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
»Hle, Redding, Portland. Puget
Sound ami Kant lOi4gA
SANTA < lUiZ DIVISION Qarroir «»nyc;T "_
t7»*3A Santa Cruz Excursion, bacta Cms
'_ : and Principal Way Stations JBi#O*
■II Newark, CenterTille,Snn.)oBo,Fc!ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms and Way
5tati0n5.............. »!&•»
*9tlsr Newark, CenterTlile, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cmi and Principal Way *
Stations Mli«oa
H'l^r Newark. San Joae and Los Gatos.... 119:30 a
COAST IU VISION (Ihlrtl A Townsenii SU.)
•6:45 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
- Alnmden Wednesdays only) • »:*7a
17i30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Crux, Pacific GroTe, ano _
Principal Way Stations J»i»*
- ■»1»A San .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa t'rm.
x - Pacilic Gro»e, Paso Robles, Sab
J.nls Oblspo, Guadalnpe and Prln-
-elpal Way Stations ?*S5 P
J»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations £ : «2 P
io: lOa San Jo— nd Way Stations 5 5 22 P
I 1:80 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... Bt3«p
**t3or flan Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Pldos, Kant* '?"'»»„-•-
-■ Balinas,Monterey!iml raclflcGroTa "I*s4»a
■B:BorSan Jose, Pacino GroTe and Way .
Stations • - : V?,2*
| •4:SOp San Jose *urt Way Stations. .. ... . ■ . '2 : 22 A
5:30p San Joso and Principal Way Stations •»:4»a
0:30p San Jose and Way Stations .2 : A
Hl:43p San Jose ami Wav Stations t7:43p
SAX LKASUKO ASP IIAVWAKUS LOOAL.
,-G:OOa ( 2*l% A
8:OOA J *2 ! ** A
iSoSa Melr«e,Be«ilii«r7P«k, iijtsl
23£ Fltebb»rg,S«Le«ndr. »f ;|gj
M « ■ «|;
g;«op B.rw.rd fc ( |:||J
7:00p n't
$%%* i Rons through to Nfle*. lolso'
.tll:l3pj < From Niles. Utl2:OO >
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SIR mSCISCO— Foot of Kirkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9.00 11:00 a.M. (1:90 ; *2:00 13:04 .
•1:00. tS:CO •6:COp.M.
rroaOIKUHD— FootofßraidMjr.— S B:00 8:08
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *l:00 18:00 •3:00 *i:0l
; > g:OOr.M. - - - - * '. - .. .
- . A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -
' Sundays exeepted. ■**q&ffEfa?- . ,t Saturdays only,
... t Sundays only. . ',
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
;-.--", : J Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cms. .
': , -■■ \ Sundays and Mondays from Santa- Cm*,"IN TIE MIDDLE
OF THE ROAD."
Clean-Cut Statement of the
People's Party Prin
ciples.
REPUDIATE DEMOCRACY
George D. Gillespie Points Out
Some of Its Many
Fallacies.
FUSION VIGOROUSLY OPPOSED.
Free Silver Is Not a Cure-Ail, and
Those Who Think So May Be
Disappointed.
A tent has been erected by the People's
party at the corner of Market and Larkin
streets which will seat 1500 persons, the
purpose being to make that a rallying
George Dcnomandy Gillespie, Secretary of the County Committee and
Middle-of-the-Road Populists.
point for the Populist 3. It is arranged
after the style of an amphitheater. There
are choice seats for about 400 ladies and
their escorts. The speaking will take
place on a 12x20 stage, which will seat
forty persons and give room for the
epeaker. Pictures v.ill be used for decora
tive purposes over the stage, ths subjects
being Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln.
The tent will be illuminated with three
arc lights 2nd will be liberally and hand-
Bor-ely adorned with red, white and blue
bunting and American Hairs. In front of
the tent will be swung out a banner 25x75,
upon which will be placed the Presidential
and Vice-Presidential nominees of the
People's party, and also the motto:
''Equai rights for all and special privileges
to none."
Much hard work has been performed to
get the tent in readiness by a committee,
of which George D. Gillespie is chairman,
the other members being W. E. Walker,
C. H. Johnson, E. S. Barnes, W. A. Lewis,
P. E. Erickson, W. H. Goff, W. T. Greer,
T. H. Porter and P. C. Wehiand.
George D. Gillespie is enthusiastic con
cerning the work of the party. "We are
largely composed of the working people,"
he aaid, "and have some of the best me
chanics in the City with us, who are el
ways willing to do "all that they can for
the cause. Providing the accommodations
for these meetings in the tent has been
purely a labor of love, the inciting motive
being" to provide a place in which the j
party's principles may be set forth and oe- j
come better understood.
"Labor is not properly considered, al- j
though it is the fundamental basis of so- |
ciety. Water, air, sunshine and all the
natural resources of earth were given to
men by God, when Adam and Eve were
expelled from the garden and they were I
told that they should eat their bread in the
sweat of their brows. Labor, when applied
to natural resources, is the source and
basis of all wealth. The People's party
believes that monopoly in money, land,
water, railroads or any of the necessities of
life makes the rich richer and the poor
poorer."
Concerning the attempts of the Demo
crats to take the Populists into camp, Mr.
Gillespie is very outspoken and decided,
and in this he follows many prominent
members of the People's party.
"I believe,'' he said, "that the free coin
ace of silver will help us a little tempo
rarily. It is a relief measure, but the peo
ple will be very mnch disappointed who
think that it is a cure-ail, for it is not. It
does not destroy usury and can be cor
nered and controlled in a few years by
bankers. It is not so much the Kind of
money that hurts the people as it is the
control of money and usury. That is why
the Democratic party is not competent to
give the peopie the desired relief. While
they declare for free silver they also declare
for redemption paper money. Now, what
is to prevent the bankers irom gathering
up the paper money, or rather the promise
to pay money, and demand that it be re
deemed in coin at the National treasury?
The Government does not own the silver
mines bo how can it get even silver to re
deem tbe promises to pay notes? There
is only one way and that is by the Grover
Cleveland policy of issuing more bonds.
Whom do the bonds help, the farmer, mer
chant, mechanic or laborer? No, they
telp the man who owns the gold and
silver, at the expense of the masses. Free
coinage of silver, like free coinage of gold,
is a tfipantic monopoly when it is made
the sole redeemer of all'paper.
"There is only about 5 per cent of the
business of tbe country done with gold
and silver and 95 per cent with paper in
different forms. Therefore I say that the
Democratic party and the People's party
are not iiomogeneous in any sense what
ever. The Democratic policy of free coin
ace of silver, redemption paper and their
consequent i»«ae of bonds on tbe one side,
*nd the 1' , ' •'* party plan of free coin
age ol n-xtj , paper money issued direct
to the peop.e without the intervention of |
banks, a fall legal tender and receivable
for ail debts, both public and private, the
abolition of National banks as banks of
issue and no bonds issued by the General
Government for any purpose whatsoever,
are entirely two different propositions.
The man who can stand on tae Demo
cratic platform is no Populist and does
not deserve the support of Populists in
any manner whatever. Therefore 1 favor
a middle-of-the-road policy for the Peo
ple s party and no iusion or indorsing or
mixing up with the Democratic party,
which has tried to boom itself by stealing
one little silver plank from the People's
party platform.
"The People's party is opposed to I
slavery in ail its cruel forms— chattel
siaves, m^rteaere slaves or wage ulaves.
lne people will at a not far distant time
see that the principles of the People's
party are correct. We have advocated the
free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to
1, but we are not unmindful of the fact
that the Government of the United States
does not own the silver mines, and there
fore silver enn be controlled in the same
manner that gold is controlled to-day, if
it is not accompanied by a non-redeemable
currency issued by the General Govern
ment direct to the people, without tho in
tervention of bank's and not controllable
by money manipulators. How can this be
done? Well, tne Government should capi
talize co-operative effort through cities,
counties and States. Suppose California
wanted to borrow $50,000,000 to build any 1
public wort? We all know that the I
banks would be glad to let her have gold j
at 4 per cent per annum. The reason we
cannot do this is because the interest
vrould equal the principal every twenty
• five years, or if the State borrowed $50,000,
--| 000 at 4 per cent at the end of twenty-five
i years we would have paid the banker
I $50,000,000 in interest and still owe him
$50,000,000 for the principal, unless we put
an enormous tax on the people to estab
lish a sinking fund. No one could stand
that in these hard times, therefore the
work remains undone.
I "But if we had the People's party plan
the State could draw up its bond for
$50,000,000 and deposit it with the Govern
ment and would receive 50,000,000 paper
dollars for the price of the issue, which
would not be more than one half of one
cent on the dollar and no annual interest
whatever. The State 'would then Bet all
of the unemployed to work and build its
1 public necessities, good roads, bridges,
buildings, etc. The money that would be
paid to these men would for tbe most part
he spent in the State where they
worked. Every year ttie State would
I pay back the Government 4 per cent
of the principal and at the
end of twenty-live years the debt
1 would be paid off. In the meantime the
vast army of unemployed who would be
put to _ work in the different States of
the Union would become consumers, anil
would set every forge, factory and farm to
work. Then instead of having bad roads
in the country or death-dealing sewers in
the cities and innumerable other defects
on the one side, and millions of pood men
driven into the highways to tramp, beg.
I steal or starve on the other side, we should
reverse the condition, and have good roads,
good bridges and good buildings in the
'country, and cood streets, good sewer 3 and
beautilul public parks and buildines in
the city.
"This is what we call Government capi
talization of co-operative effort, and if the
security of this State is good security for
the bankers' gold — being better than* the
gold because it can buy the gold— then
j wUy in the name of heaven is not the
I same security erood for the Government
j paper? It is better than gold or si!ver or
1 both combined, because it cannot be mo
j nopolized by bankers end will feed the
j hungry, clothe the naked and house the
I poor, and will bring happiness and sun
-1 shine in place of misery and despair.
"You need not ask if it will be good
money, for it will be good just as long as
our country is good. Give us a prosperous
and happy people in the United States
and our country will stand forever, for
happiness makes patriotism and patriotism
makes men who will keep tbe starß and
stripes afloat against the money power of
the world."
CRUSHED BY A STONE.
Serious Accident to Albert Johnson, a
stonecutter.
Albert Johnson, a stonecutter, employed
on the night shift in the yard of John D.
McGilvray <fe Co., Second and King streets,
narrowly escaped being crushed to death
early yesterday morning.
Johnson was engaged handling the stone
by means of a truck. Close to where he
was working a heavy piece of sandstone
was standing. It had been braced to pre
vent it from falling, but some one had re
moved the binder that held it. As John
son passed it with his truck it toppled over
and struck him, crushing him to the
ground.
He was quickly dragged from under
neath the stons by his fellow-workmen
and was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in tbe ambulance. Dr. Thompson found
that his right hip was dislocated and his
left thigh and left wrist were fractured.
He lives iv San Rafael.
Dissolved the Writ.
The Wttt of prohibition against Auditor
Eroderick, obtained by the Jordan Bituminous
Rock Company, restraining him from drawing
a warrant on the City Treasurer payable to
the City Improvement Company on account of
the Foltsom-stnet paving' contract, was yester
day dissolved by consent of th-j plaintiffs.
Suit on a Nuti!.
The Crocker- Woolwortn National Bank has
sued Carroll & Carroll and Frisbee, Risdon &
Co. lor $500 on a promissory note signed by
the latter and indorsed by the former.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1596.
THESE TO GUARD
THE ELECTION,
Officers Selected for Three
of the Eighteen
Districts.
A FEW VACANCIES YET.
Those Who Served at the Last
Election Allowed to Go
on the List.
COMPLAINTS WILL BE HEAKD.
Those Who Are Found to Have
Participated in Frauds to Be
Dismissed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met yesterday and appointed election offi
cers in the Twenty Eighth, Twenty-Ninth
and Forty-Second Assembly districts,
leaving a few vacancies in these districts
to be tilled.
It was decided not to allow the fact that
men whose names were presented had
served at the last election in precincts
where frauds were discovered to keep tiiem
off the lists, but to appoint officers without
reference to the frauds and to hear com
plaints against tnem afterward and mate
removals if any are deemed necessary.
The lists by districts are as follows, the
letters (D.) and (R.) indicating the party
to which the officers belong:
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Precinct I— lnspector, Thomas W. Shea, 5
Market street (D.); judges, J. A. Murphy, 19
Steuart (D.), and Edward P. Skelly, 32 Steuart
(K.).
Precinct — Inspector, Daniel McKlernan,
-04 East (U.j; judges, E. J. Sullivan, 204^
Steuart (D.), ana JfUilip E. Kiley, 20_J^ East
(K.).
Precinct Inspector, D. D. Connolly, 411
Harrison (D.); judges, Luke B. O'Brien. 17 Rin
con place (D.), and Michael O'Kane, 401 Har
rison (R.).
Precinct Inspector, Thomas Corley(D.);
judges, William P. Houeen (D.), and E. \V. I
Uaugby, 327 First (R.).
Precinct — Inspector, E. P. Lynch, 2 Clem
entina (D.); judges. T. Buchanan (D.) and Ar
thur M. Sparrow. 37 Clementina (K.). j
Precinct 6 — Inspector, Peter Kelleher, 56
Tehania (D.); judges, A. Estlta, 68 Tehama
(D.), and T. J. Fellows, 553 Howard (R.).
Precinct — Inspector, John Riordxn, 520^
Howard street (D.); judges, George W. McEl
roy, 13 Natoma (D.), and John >". Kelly, 516
Howard (R.)
Precinct B— lnspector, Thomas Manning, 27
Minna street (D.); judges, (D.), and Morti
mer Comyn, 62 a tit ma (R.)
Precinct Inspector, M. O'Mara, 140 Minna
street (D.); lodges, Thomas Larhinan, 26 Min
na (D.), and Daniel E. Anglum, 521 Mission,
(R.)
Precinct 10— Inspector, T. J. Cleary, 25 An
thony street (D.); judges, Vincent Bells, 72
Jessie (D.), and Johu E. Durnin, 510 Mission
(R.)
. Precinct 11— Inspector, Charles M. McMullin,
52 Second street (D.); judges, (D.), and
Hollis K. Rand, 184 Jessie (R.) — .
Precinct 12— Inspector, H. 8.-Dugan, 3 Es
sex place (D.); judges, G. S. Scanlon, 29 Stan
ley place (D.), and Jacob Michelson, 37 Stan
ley place (R.).
Precinct 13— Inspector, M. Heaney, 18 Hunt
street (D.); judges, L. J. Conlan, 34 Sherwood
place (D.), and Peter P. Dougherty, 7 Sherwood
place (R.).
Precinct 14— Inspector, John J. Allen, 216
Second street (D.) : judges, (D.), and Joseph
Fritz Jr., 108 Tehama street (R.).
Precinct 13— Inspector, James E. Moore, 22
Hawthorne street (D.); judges, James C.
! Burke, 156 Clementina (D.), and George yon
Glahn, 163 Tehama (R.).
Precinct 16— Inspector, R. W. Garrett, 313
Third street (D.); judges, F. McAuliffe, 331
Third (D.), and John A. Louis, 327 Third (R.).
Precinct Inspector, M. Tierney, 8 Viissar
street (D.): judges. James Haminmn,4l Perry
(D.), and Charles G. Boldsdorfl, 32 Silver (R.).
imrn-nnH district.
Precinct I— lnspector, (D.); judges,
John L. Freeman, 18 Third street (D.) and
James Kidney, 869 Market (R.)
Precinct Inspector, James W. Fitzgerald,
262 Jessie street (D.); judges, Samuel Buxton.
223 Stevenson (I).), and Thomas W. Fleming,
j 278 Stevenson (R.)
Precinct 3— lnspector, (D.); judges, John
• F. Murphy, 351 Jessie street (D.), and Jeremiah
: H. Sullivan, 343 Jessie (R.)
Precinct 4— lnspector, John Mannix, 828
Mission street (D.); judges, Ferdinand L. Male,
| 114 Fourth (D.), and Philip Hartmann, 873 Mis
sion (R.)
Precinct s— lnspector, John J. Connolly, 218
I Minna street (D.); judges, James O'Do'nnell
230 Minna (D.), and D. J. Crowley, 797 Mis
sion (R.)
Precinct 6— lnspector, Owen Moore, 263
Minna (D.); judges, J. F. O'Rourk", 223 Minna
street, (D.), and E. H. Lutgens, 209 Minna
(R.)
\ Precinct Inspector, Martin J. Heaver 4314
Everett street (D.); judges, M. Tierney 215
Katoma (D.) and Samuel Taussig, 764' j' How
ard (R.)
Precinct Inspector, Louis Fernstermacher
305 Mission street (D.): judges, Vincent Mur
phy, 355 Minna (D.), and Elijah T. Blowers
366 Natoma (R.) '
Precinct 9— lnspector, John Lavalle, 805
•Howard street (D.); judges, William Lejeal
I 324 Tehama (D.), and Robert H. Williams, 309
! Xatoma (R.)
Precinct 10— Inspector, William M Weber
264 Tehama street (DO; judges, Geonre v'
, Hughes, 715 Howard (D.), and D. Welsh, 255 I *'
; Tehama (R.). *■
Precinct Inspector, Louis A.Valentin
257 Tehama street (D.); judges, John O Con
nor, 261 Tehama (U.), and E. Cohen 786
Howard (R.). -. '*
Precinct 1 12— Inspector, John Barry, 361
Clementina street (D.); judges, Joseph Plunt
sett, 318 Clementina (D.), and Horace C
Thomas, 250 Fourth (R). : Horace
Precinct 13— Inspector. Louis Ltebrich.3l2
Fourth street (D.); judges, James Kelly 118
Clara (D.), and J. Caranah. 152}<; Clara (R.).
• Precinct 14— Inspector, William J. McCarthy
j 311 Fourth street (D.); judges, Richard Blen
! nerhassett, 22 Clara (D.), and E. Berinham, 6
j Shipley (R.). .
I Precinct 15— Inspector, James G. Shine, 339
, Fourth street (I).); Judges, J. J. Dunnigan.4B
Rich (DO. andkk Burns, 772^ Harrison (R 0
• Precinct 16— Inspector. Edward G. Faulkner
240^1'erry street (DO; Judges, John C.Murphy!
842 Harrison (D.), and James Dhue, 840 Ilar
rison (RO
. Precinct 17— Inspector. J. Mogan 164 Perry
street (D.); judge?, . John D. ToW 751 Harri
son (DO, and H. S. Welder, 112 Perry (R.)
Precinct 18— Inspector, James D. Courtney
438 Third street (D.); judges, D. Edward
j Hughes. 142 _iiver V (DO, and' E. L. Havg 421
I fourth (R.;. * -
' ; FORTY-BF.COXD DISTRICT.
Precinct Inspector. James W. Silk 30
Golden Gate avenue (D); judges— William
Commons, 100 Jones (D.) and Robert E. Low,
120 Jones (R.). '
Precinct 2— lnspector, Harry Hamilton
Park Hotel (D.); judges-11. PhilVipson 24 Tay-'
lor (D.) and John A. Canavan, 118 Eddy (R.) ■,
Precinct 3-Inspector, F. A. Halt*. 412 Jones
(D.); judges— J. W. Dunmore, 311 OFarrell
(D.) and R. B. Hawkes, 324 Ellii (R \ ... arreu
■^ Precinct 4— lnspector,. F. G. Gift 116 Turk
D.); judges-Thomas O'Har_, 321' Ellis (D )
and Tnomas H. Barclay, 39 Turk (R ) ■
• Precinct 5 — Inspector, A. G. Nagei. 411l<:
?Z1 Ty ( 5- ] i vd Kes-D. A.'Forman, 4fl^ Geary
(D.), and Henry Davis, 430 Geary (R.). " cor *
Precinct 6-Inspector, Roswell Lee, 505 Ma
son, (D.); Judges— J. Goncalves. 1214
Lewis (D.), ana M. R. Shepherd. 1206 Market
(R.).
Precinct 7— lnspector, M. Flaherty, 109 Wil
liam (D.);: judges— M. V. Duddy, 19 Adelaide
(D.), and J. Flaherty, 109 William (R ) 11 " 00
t, Ft c < i i 8-In«pector, James A. Burson, 1001
Bush (D.); judges-Robert Lavelle, 811 Hyde
(D.), and H. 8. Bonestell, 1113 Bush (R > J
Precinct 9— Judge, Robert Oglesby (R.) 1017
Pine street. Inspectors to bo selected
v Precinct 10— Inspector. H. Learv ID ) 1114
Taylor street; judges,- J.J. Kelly (D.), 1084 Sac
ramento, and Arthur J. Dewing (K.) ; 1005 Call
iornia. ;.■ -.
Precinct 11— Inspector, G. M. Gallagher (D )
1213 Clay street; judges, P. J. Klynn a>.),29
Pleasant, and John O. Emerson (R.), 1203 Tay
lor.
Precinct 12— Inspector, W. C. Disturnell (D.).
1320U clay street; judges, H. Lackroan (D.),
1319 Sacramento, and Percy McPar Hand (R.),
18 Reed.
Precinct 13 — Inspector, F. Stevens, 1119
Leavenworth (D.); judges— Neil R. Duffy, 1807
California (D.), and Robert Hugg, 1411
Clay (R.).
Precinct 14— Inspector, Richard Henry, 144G
Leaven worth (DO; judtjes— t. McElrath, 1330
Jackson (D.) and Jacob Schofleld, Burgoyne,
between Leavenworth and Hyde (R.).
Precinct 15— Inspector, George A. Crandall,
1211 Broadway (D.); judges— Thomas Ken
nedy, 1602 Hyde (D.), and Joseph F. Murray,
1602 Leavenw'orth (R.)-
Precinct 16— Inspector, Ilenry F. Dunn, 15
Bernard (D.); judges— Al O'Brien, 1031 Broad
way (D.), and David Marker, 1132 Jackson (R.).
DEATH'S FAIR VICTIM.
Demise of the Youngest Daughter of
President Kelly of the Bibernia
Bank.,
Miss Irene Kelly, youngest daughter of
Joseph Kelly, president of the Hibernia
Bank, died in this City on Friday last,
after a brief illness, of gastric fever. At
the time of her death Mias Kelly was just
in the prime of her womanhood, being but
25 years of age, and her future was of the
brightest.
Miss Kelly leaves behind her to mourn
ber loss her sister. Mrs. W. 8. Lyle, and
Alf R. Kelly, besides a host of friends with
whom she was a universal favorite. She
was possessed of all the attributes that go
to make up a beautiful woman and was
noted for her charities and gifts of intel
lect. Besides being a fine musician and
singer, she was a French scholar of excep
tional ability.
Miss Kelly was a true Christian in every
respect and a large amount of her time was
snent in doing good for others. Her bene
factions will be sadly missed by many for
whom she tried to smooth the pathway
through life.
The funeral was held on Sunday from
St. Ignatius Church and was largely at
tended. The interment took place at
Mount Calvary Cemetery and was strictly
private. _____________
TO ADVERTISE THE STATE
Gigantic Scheme to Make Known
Our Attractions
Abroad.
Hundreds of Thousands of Embal
lished Maps to Be Distributed
in the East.
The State Development committee is in
dustriously prosecuting a scheme which
jits members believe will redound to the
material benefit of tho entire State, and
particularly of the central and bay coun
ties, which have allowed the south to
somewhat outstrip them in the race for
Eastern recognition. The proposition is
to advertise the State and the individual
j counties subscribing to the project in a
! manner that will be at once attiactive and
persuasive. The method adopted is the
issuance of numbers of handsomely em
bellished maps of the State. In the up
per right-hand corner of each map is re
served a space to be occupied by an en
larged map of a particular county. On
the reverse side of the map is a large
amount of space for descriptive reading,
illustrations or any other matter calcu
lated to attract attention to the State and
to the distributing county.
Each county will be called upon to sub
scribe for a large number of these maps,
which will be supplied at actual cost.
; Maps will then b» printed specially for
! each, and they will be allowed to fill the
j reverse side with such matter as they
I choose.
The proposition has already been latd
before the business men of Alameda
County, and they readily subscribed $50u0
for 100,000 copies. Of these the merchants
took two-thirds to distribute, and allowed
the committee to retain one-third. The
committee is iv possession of the ad
drmtl of 150,000 capitalists, and so is well
{ equipped for placing such matter.
An effort is now being made to get the
San Francisco business men interested in
the project. The committee believes that
at least 500,000 should be sent out from
here, and the members believe they will
have no trouble in geUing subscriptions.
It is the intention to have the reverse side
of the maps printed for this City contain
handsome illustrations* of prominent
buildings.
1 NEW TO-DAT.V
■
■. \ .
Have You
Noticed Your Loss ?
You ought to check tbe secret waste that
is threatening your physical constitution;
you can see by the failure of your vital
forces, your memory and intellect that you
are losing your manhood. It is worse than
foolish to let it go on, for each day it grows
worse, and in time will undermine your
system; then you cannot be cured.; Every
man should Know himself, therefore study
your own case and you will understand
that some! bin. is sure to give way unless
this waste is checked.
' It can be stopped' in from two to six
weeks by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. The
contractile effects produced by the electric
current from this belt check all ■: unnatural
drain quickly and give back the. strength
and vigor that is needed to make manhood
perfect.
. "After wearing your Belt six weeks all waste Is
stepped, and the nervous feeling has disappeared.
I am . now., strong r and sleep : well," > writes C. H.
Weston, Marlposa, :Ca_
■ In justice to your future happiness act
now, while there is yet a spar* of vitality
left you. Dr. Sanden's Belt develops v the
vital spark to vigorous power.
Read about it in "Three Classes of Men,"
which  will be .sent; free on application
closely sealed. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO;;
630 Market Street, v San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. it to
8:30 v. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited. '
< OFFICES ~ AT: r. ■. V
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, Oa, .
i -04 &outn Broadway. \ 253 Washington gtreti. ,
3^IL-K*aßt_»3Wl3litt?__^^»^.'s_«iA«»*ii.«l^«Ai>-««^Kfr_j«».
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jtealth or Pleasure ttesorts in these columns
kindly mention the CjfjCjC.
TBE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■"-*■ being one of the wondirs of the wobld, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in searcn of _u£a_tu, will be well
paid by visiting them. -
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheum Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS .*IO TO 815 PEE WEEK.
Two Rontea to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address nil correspondence to BART LETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 83 Fourth street, B. _\, or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. .\tl
I^~'^A/S The Beautifu!
' HOTEL
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
' Never did this popular resort look more Inviting !
than now. •. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its j
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
n a n a s 4% #% hot brings,
PARA SO "«^^
. health, rest, pleas-
tire, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, bunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families. !
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the Mate. Plenty :
enjoyment fur young and old. Take train Third
and Town send streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. it.
daily, for Soledad ; Return-trip ticket, «8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofllce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for i
IB9ti. address R. ROBERTSON. Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Fainoui Mountain ' Spa!
ays You Bfun These Latklv?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce. !
Burros to ride. Bowline; alleys, tennis, croquet, >
■wings and hammocks. New Improvements every i
year. ■ Gas and running water In every room. i:»- !
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM
MINU TANK. An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AN D RE W JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
WHEN ITI^IA'H
visiTusa UIVIAn
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. n.FOESE-: SONS, PROPRIETORS.
m HIS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
I hotel in Vklah, - and it Is headquarters for
tourists. |fr<Mffl_AlßflWpiMillfl _.ll iiMHIMh
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAT, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most picturesque, ■ Soda Spring is famous for
the vast , volume of • delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. " Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are . unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of. all guests carefully looked after. Free {
camping, grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally . stage from l'leta ~ and Highland Springs, :
Adams, >elgler. Bine Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 &0; rounl trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. ATT, proprietor,
Soda Bay. KelseyviUe, Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cat.
■piRST - CLASS , ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
X llghtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoQice, express." telegraph an liver v at
both hotels: terms $8 and $13 per weelc
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BERTH AND, . Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. it.
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON. . ■
Iron Springs,'. Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Swimming, Boating and :
fishing. Elevation nearly 1-00 feet.
Best Climate for Asthma.
SPECIAL COTTAOtS for CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. ■ TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City, Cal.
ISTAPf fiPPIYf III\TQ IT WITTP
ASTORG SPRKG JISERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL* YOUTH:
X cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTORU, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor. The greatest medicinal
and curative water in California. .
HAZEL_GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN BOARD IN. PRIVATE FAM-
VT ily five miles from Cloverdale : rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS.* T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY. 203 Powell st.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, bISKIYOO COUNTY, • CAL., A
JL> noted fishing and health resort. . Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietor*;
' : WHITE OAK FARM.
■\TEAR . CLOVEKDA LE; PLENTY OF FRUIT.
-Li vegetables, melons, berries,' milk, cream. eggs,
etc.; terms $7 per week. Address W. H. 11 1 ATT, 1
Cloverdale, Cal. ' ' . ■- . .
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
ft Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. ... For rates and fare apply to tuntipma&tunbmri
. .W.J.O'WJSI-Il,; 133 Sixth St. ?
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place "Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Best, Kefreshment and Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Bural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in <»arments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
-Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, SV_ hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
Jd~ Stage connects with train from Third and
Towcsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
/ETNA SPRINGS
There is healing in the waters (for rheumatism,
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc):
there Is life in the air. Swimminit-iank, tub and
steam baths, fine hotel, amusements. Rates, $10
to*.4 . Take. 7 a. m. S. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a. m.' Unlimited round-trip
tickets. S7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L.
MITCH Udell P. p., Napa County. Cal.
fIT 7 1 rtflfl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If ft 111 ' V bounty, only 4% hours from
An £1 ITiT San Francisco; bat 9 miles
1 1 |\ fill II I] staging: new road through
IS ***'** Vl vi ** canyon: new stages; sanitary
plumblne: natural temperature of water 130" Pahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:80
a. v. or 3:30 r. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $1- a week ; baths free.
. J. F. MULQREW, Proprietor.
.^-A. CAPITOLA.
£SS&^«H! GEM RESORT.
KrpTj>i...ii«gTV fa Hfn»* « * Miles £a<>t of
JiMTi,nTrMiai__'_g2TS Santa Cruz
fini>JTil»JLg«=^- Hotel at water's edge;
— ' TTiin > IiUBJJIHL— iurnlshed and partly
' _^ it- J furnish' d cottages ;f res
"..* r < j&4 / ii camp ground: salmon
I > * J'l and tront fishing.
"~"~~~~~~"" 1 i. RBANIKR, Supt.,
' .. Capltola, Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA.. COUNT V.
AN IDEAL. PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; it-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Sprinwi In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda £prln?s. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-olasi. Send for Circulars.
GO TO Dim* SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters In the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot-
tage* to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free bus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postoffice.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
T3ECRKATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
X\ vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, call bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and sicam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements. 'Pure
water, air and a beautiful climate. . Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NKW MA.NAGKMEST.
"DATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $S TO $14 PER
XX week; all baths tree. ■-■
.: .v. ■-•-■ W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
McMATH'S.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
X t season for deer begins July 16. and those who
wish to have a good hunt and trout fishing time
and a general cooi outing should visit or address
A. B. McMATH. Hnllvtlle, Lake Co., via Ukiah.
Potter Valley daily stage: can stop nt the house
or camp in mountains. Terms reasonable.
ALTASIOST HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION,
Occidental, Sonoma County,
ON THE N. P. C. R. ■ R., IS NOW THOR-
oughly renovated: good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $<i to f 3 per week. Special rates
to families. Climate perfect. ■
DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
. ' 1 r LAKE COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance dally. For Inform Ation address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
T AXE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
JLJ resort in State; 8 different springs: good fish-
Ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. ' J. MAiiTiiNS, Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal. _
UKIAH STABLES ASD STAGE COMPANY,
WII. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
• outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiaii, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets' all
trains. Daily ' stage lor Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Luke.
BOCA HOTEL
Eoca, Cal,
■rTEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
JJL their families. Excellent table and newly-
flued rooms. Dally stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' ;; For information address '( '
JAS."M«_>ONALI>,-Boca, Cal.
IifiOUHTAIH HQMEF
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
v in the Santa Crux Mountains,
t Hea b ' pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New- dancing pavilion. -. Deer park. Table
excellent.' Climate unsurpassed. . Send for souve-
nir, a state at ; Madrono : every 4 Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday • after June il. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m. .
VIC PONCELET, Llamas. C*L
HOME Ki-ST FOR THb SUMMER.
QTTMMEB BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
C> rooms: large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
diKi P. a box 225.
SANTA C4TALIM ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHN'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
is 'I ' '.^ ■_— — ,
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, ■ DELIGHTFUL
«J coast excursions, Udly-bo staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to "
Wll-iIINOTON TRANSPORTATION CO-
2_. South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaU
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
"VTEW HOTEL, NOW OPEN; MANY NEW
Xi improvements for the entertainment of guests:
the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
etc.: Rood fishing: and hunting. Address CARL
MEYER, Bertha P. U., Lake co. < Do not address
Blue Lakes. ' '
O. HUJSTKRS FOR SA.N'HEDBI.V
Heights: SO miles from Ukiah; the sports-
man's Mecca and ladies* rest and delight; wild
picturesque scenery: ice-cold water: over -4001K
foot altitude; among the pines; saddle-horses,
! guides, ect.; best of tables; good beds: hot. cold
i and steam baths; city references and particulars
I on application; room and board $1 per day. . L. B.
1- It A SIN, ' manager; address Sanhedrin, Lake
County, CaU
PIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OK
JLt Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; tishinc, hunting, bathing and boating un-
■ surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
I milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
j GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
TT OTEL DEL MAX-OX THE SEASHORE; 30
XJ. minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, tow-
i Ing, fishing: buses meet, all trains; children, $3
to ss per week; adults, $9 per week: special rate*
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
OTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,. THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
! and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
{ derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise: the accommodations of
i the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee. :•.,
X BELMONT, SAN MATE!) COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
! beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
j station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BaImont.
IJROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE:
I) plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Napa. .
T ONGWOODS, IDEAL HUMMER RESORT:
I XJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
NIliA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HAES-
TERS, proprietor.
Corset—
Try One of Our
PERFECT FITTING
RandG ) W ,
p. n. Corsets
or P. D. )
TRY d^f^S^
OUR \^_f 7
4-BUTTON /]&/
i'litraif Ajk
gloves™^
REAL KID. U[J\J
SPEGIALf biarritz
this GLOVES
WEEK I T So.
8- Button Length Chamois..... 85c
4-Button Kid. 4 Rows Embroidery Si 00
2-C'lasp Kid, 4 Rows Embroidery SI 00
H-Button Length "Real Kid"........ ...»1 15
! 4-Button Length "Derby" :..... .,....:. 91 15
| Bicycle Gauntlets.... v. 85c
Note.— All Gloves guaranteed and fitted to th«
hand by experts.
TIPS R n A laxative refreahlns '; fes
G K« it jjC fruit lozenge,
I ft 1.1 fill very agreeable to take.
CON ATIOH
________ __ -'/-■ hemorrhoids, bile,
1 II O S I. Hi loefl of appetite, gaatrio aal
I jP3 j I £_. 19 intestinal troubles and
j■■■■*■ *■ ■■ f headache arising '
WnjfW" from them.
'AS)!! I AM K. «killon,
i« XI 0 ' 1 1 I E-l 3S Rue de 9 Archives, Part*
I Pi-Baa Em Wii Bold by «l> DmMUt-.
COS_\I O_E=<3l_iX'_?_<al3Nr7"
j Opposite U. S. Mint, r 100 and ' 103 ■ Fifta. St., *»•»
>nncisco, — The most select family hot ai tn
! the city. Board and room, *1, $1 2- and $1 5 J pse
cay, according to room. Meals -sa. lioocaj, jj
and 760 a day, , Free coach to an- from the nocot.
■ .Look for the coacu bearing the name o( ma Oo«<
: KoyvUl*a JdotoJ, - < - V\ A * Alii. X', .TfoprieWfc
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Petroleum y%c lower.
Silver declined y 8 c.
All ( ereals dull.
lia • lower and in heavy receipt.
Bran declined.
Beans dull and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions very weak.
Vegetables in large supply.
Butter advanced sharply.
Eggs also b.gher. Cheese firm.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Apricots still Improving.
Dried Apricots very dull.
Peaches steady.
Other Fruits about the same.
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
The arrow I files with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tbo-*e underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlrh" means hieh barometric pressure and
Is usßfclly accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
■'Lows'* usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States J'KPABTICEKT OF AOBICPI/
-IUKK, Wkatheb Bubeau, San FkANCISCO, July
20, 1896, sf.n. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62. Fresno 108, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
104, ban Luis Oblspo 82, Yuma 102, San Francisco
6 1 -. Los Angeles 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 64, and mean 58.
The pressure continues low on the Pacific slope.
There has been a sudden and sharp rise in pressure
over Montana during the past twelve hours and
an area of high pressure is evidently moving in
upon uppei Missouri Valley from the British pos
session* north of .M on ana, -
The temperature has remained about stationary
on the Pacific coast with the exception of North
ern Washington, where there has been a fall of 14
deg. during the past twenty-four hours. There
has also been a sudden fall in temperature over
Montana. The temperature is about 8 deg. below
th- normal in Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for continued cloudy
weather along the coast of California, with fair
weather inland.
Smoke is reported at all of the northern stations.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, July 21. 1836:
Northern California — and ■ threatening
weather on the coast; fair inland; light southwest
erly winds; toz in the morning.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday and threat
ening in the extreme southern portion; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy and threatening weather Tues
day.
1 San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and threat
ening weather; light southwesterly winds; fog In
the morning. Alexander G. McAdik.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., July Stocks were weak
and at times demoralized to-day. New low rec
ords were established for some of the leading rail
way and industrial issues and the feeling was de
cidedly blue, especially during the early trading.
The opening was weak owing to the receipt of
lower cables from London, but later on foreign
houses turned buyers. Liquidation for home ac
count was again heavy and the bears hammered
away at the lUt with renewed vigor. Gold en
gagements to the extent of over 98,000,000 fur
export to Europe to-morrow proved disastrous to
bnll hopes right at the start and the engagements
were accompanied by rumors of equally heavy
shipments on Thursday.
Weak holders lost no time in getting out. Under
this process prices dropped anywhere from % to
6% per cent. Sugar fell 2% to 101, Tobacco 2to
55, Burlington and Quincy 45/ s 10 62%' Chicago
Gas 3% to 49%, St. Paul 37/ 8 to 67%, Rock Island
4% to 62%, Consolidated Gas 4% to 140, Lake
Erie and Western preferred 4 to 60, Louisville and
Nashville 2% to 44%. Manhattan l%to 92%,
Kansas and Texas preierred 2% to 16, Missouri
Pacific 2 to 16%, New York Central 2% to 90%.
Pacific Mail 2 to 37, Leather preferred 5% to 44
Tennessee Coal 27/ 8 to 15, Western Union iy« 10
77, and Wheeling and Lake Erie preferred 314
to 25. ■" / r
Around 1 o'clock rumors were current that the
leading bankers were endeavoring to effect a com
bination to turn a round sum of gold into the
sub-treasury. The report had a. tendency to check
liquidation, but when J. • Plerpont Morgan was
quoted as saying that he had no knowledge of any
conference the bears made a fresh demonstration
against the list. At this time the Grangers, sugar
and Chicago Gas were forced to the lowest figures
yet reached since the current bear campaign was
inaugurated. Just, previous to the close It devel
oped that F. D. Tappan. president of the Gallatin
National Bank, had had informal talks with a
number of bank presidents and that a number of
the strongest banks were willing to enter a com
bination to protect the treasury gold reserve.
J. I lerpont Morgan also stated that in his
opinion the administration would have no diffi
culty in selling bonds in case It wanted. -.These de
velopments exerted a. favorable influence and in the
final transactions the market ruled steadier. Net
changes show loses of % to 3 per cent. Total
sal. s were 398.300 shares.
Bonds were active and heavy. Sales were 91,
--660,000. Atchisoti generar, fours fell 2% to 11U,
do adjustment. % to 30%: Kansas and Texas
seconds. % to 51%: Louisville. New Albany and
Chicago Consolidated sixes, 2% to 90.
Government bonds were easier, $59,300 coupon
fours of 1925 selling at 113y 8 @112^4: 914.000
coupon fours of 1907 at 10734. ***»wv
Grain.
FLOTTR-Qulet, barley steady. Winter wheat,
low grades, 1 70@2 60; do fair to fancy. 82 40®
£o°. : .«o° a ,P ci ' ts> » 3 4S<£3 75: Minnesota clear!
»240®2 30: do straijjhts. $2 95@3 40: ao patents
93 i d : low extras. $170®^ 50; city mills,
93 90: do patents. $4@4 25: rye mixture, 92 40«
i? 0: su ,? erflne ' *'-' 60 ® 815: fin-, 3 - Southern
flour, dull, easy, common to fair extra, $i>(g,2 60
- $2 C S 80°' * 2 *°® 2 9 °- Rye fIOUr ' «» nl^
■» M iS i^fcSSrwi2^iB J^ ir WeSlern '
»} rFf v le n 6^ Z a Western - 37%@38c f. o. b. .'
--xi a ■?! !? v"^? *£' *£ Pounds quoted 92 f. o. b.
I^h^at Y^T-Di'l- Western. 48@5Sc.
H .,V HKAr - D 2". easler with option*; f. o. b.,
65 V4c7 ungr * red ' 64 @64c ; No. ; 1 Northern!
op. ions dull and , irregular, closing weak at V»a
\vt decline on easier cables, * ore selling, lo^er
West and local scalping and s« ltching. September
and December most active. July, 613,i C - August."
62c: September. 621/4 C; October.' %2&t\ &
! «p« C vo7° f K™ 111 '". 0 /? and afloat July 18: Wheat,
1.698.J07: corn. 366 141; oats, 1843,262; 1441
bushels 47 - 56SJ : malt, 110,506; peas, 1441
S^c'^floa^ dUUI eMler: N °- 2 ' "?•*" elev ator;
Options were fairly active and yg@y e c lower,
FINANCIAL;
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
Wli EELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954. :
BRANCH OFFICE " .
•28 Market Su, Palace Hotel. Tel.' Main 6828
J. S. PIKDY, Man» er7
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
• tationa. Reference Ist National Bank. S. T. - -
CHICAOO. , riUVAT£ WI&& . ««,W YOU*
with the West and on easier cable*, with free
receipts West, closing weak. | September most ac
tive; July, 325/ ac: September, 32% c; • October,
33c; May, 35a
OATS— DuII, steady.
Options dull, steady. July, 21>4c; September.
21%0. .'-.'•: :-.*'
Spot prices: No. 2. 22c: No. 2 white, 23% c:
No. 8 Chicago, 2Sc: No. 3. 31c; No. 3 white, 22V4C:
mixed Western. 21%@23c: white do, 24Vi@
27% c; White -^tate, v;4%@27%c.
FEED BRAN— 6O@5l2%c.
MIDDLINGS—
BYE— Feed, 55c.
.' ' I'roTlsloD*. ,' ..
BEEF— DuII, steady. Family, : extra mess,
$6®7. beef hams, dull. $14 50@15. Tlerced beef,
quiet; city extra India mess, $11@12. Cut meats,
steady; pickled bellies, 4%c; do shoulders, 3^iC*
4c; do bants. 9@loc.
LA }• 1)— Dull, lower. Western steam. $3 75; city,
5316@3 25: September, f3 72%: refined, easier,
continent. $4 20; boutb American, 94 60: com
pound, 3%@4%c.
PORK->ieady. quiet. Old mess, 97 75@8 25:
new mess. $8 25@8 75.
BUTTER- quiet. State dairy, 10@14%c:
do creamery, 11%®16c:-Western dairy, 9(a:l2c:
do creamery, 11%©15 c; factory. 8%©llc; Elgins
15& -
CHEESE— Ou 1, steady. State large, 5%@65/4c;
do small, 4%(£7c: part skims. 2®5%c.
EGGS— State and Pennsylvania, 13%@
14c: Western trcsh, ll@13c; do per case, $1 25(g>
3 10.
TALLOW— Steady. City, 3@3 11-I60; country,
3@3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Crude, 20c; prime, 24c; off
grade. 23%(§24c.
POTATOES— Firmer; fair demand. Southern,
oO@9oc.
KlCK— Steady, fair demand. Domestic, fair to
extra, 3@s*4c; Japan, 4@ 4 %c.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE-Dull, 10 to 16 points down. July,
11 40; August, 910 85; September. 910 40: Oc
tober, $9 95; December, 99 65; March. 99 55@
9 60. spot Rio, dull, easy: No 7, 12% c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, unchanged. Refined, 1-18
f)Vfec lower, quiet; off A, 4 3-16@4%c; mola A,
4%c: standard A, 4%c: confectioners' A, 4V g c:
cut loaf by 6 c; ■ crushed. 514 c: powdered, 4%c;
granulated, 45 /8 c; cubes, 6c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Old, bags, B%@llci do new.
B%@9c.
ACHES— Peeled, ¥ tb, 13(g)14o; do nnpe«l«a.
7%@8%c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; sc.
Two-crown, S7' B @4c; three-crown,
L. M., 6c; do four-crown, L. M., 6%c; do London
layers. $..(5,1 05; do clusters. $1 2o@l 40.
HOPS— DuII, steady; state, common to choice,
2%@7%c; Pacific Coast. 2%@6y 3 c •
WOOL— Quiet, firm: domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Wet IRON— DuII, easy; American, 910 25©
12 60.
COPPER-Dnll, nominal; lake, 811@11 25.;" -='
LEAD— Barely steady: domestic, *2 95.
TIN-Dull; straits. * 13 50@13 60.
PLATE;-- Firm, quiet. -
SPELTER— : domestic. 94 60.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, Iti,". July 20.— The Influence of the
continued drain In the New York stock market
was the principal bear argument used in wheat
this morning, and the feeling . soon became gen
| eral, the options opening In a dilapidated manner
Other grain and provisions followed suit, and the
wheat market was additionally .affected thereby.
There was generated a slight strength on the re
ported working of some cash wheat for export from
this port, watch subsequently, was not verified.
The estimated world's shipments for the week
were 5.923,000 basnets, an Increase of a million
over the week previous (4,800,000 bushels). For
the corresponding week of last year the figures
were 6,600,000 bushels. The increase in last
week's shipments came from the North American
continent, however.
The weather predictions showed drenching rains
throughout the winter wheat district. Receipts in
the Northwest were small, 354 cars against 481
on last Monday and 178 a year ago. The receipts
at Chicago were V 79 cars, of which 266 were new,
and the withdrawals from store were 19,200 bush
els. Liverpool cables were lower^and this was an
Important tear influence. Atlantic seaboard
clearances were 176,136 bushels. Continental
cables were generally lower. Tne visible supply
showed a decrease of 477,000 bushels, which was
• not far from what was expected. September
1 wheat opened from 56% cto 56 3 /»c, sold between
6634 c and 66VgC, closing at &6V4@36VgC. %(B«1'»c
under Saturday. Estimated receipts tor to-mor
row, 420 cars.
CORN — Was weak on the continued good
weather for that cereal, and the feeling was bear
ish throughout. -The receipts were 331 cars, and
' 1 310 cars were estimated. * Withdrawals from store
! were fair at -225,850 bushels. Liverpool cables
were quiet and %d lower. Export clearances were
28,425 busbelei • September corn opened from
26y 8 c to Vi6%c, sold between 26v8@26i.4c,
closing at 26Vi'a<2ijS / ' B e, 6/fe@%c lower than Satur
' day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow .>7O cars.
1 . DATs — Were also weak in sympathy with corn
; 1 and on selling. by commission-houses, and the
1 : market was not especially lively. Receipts were
217 cars and 174,143 bushels were withdrawn
from store. The visible supply decreased 1,121,
--[ 000 bushels. September oats closed 14 lower
than Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
359 cars.
FLAX— Was strong. Cash, 72% c; September,
1 7'J@73y*c: " December, 745/i@7s%c. Receipts
were 49 cars. '
I PROVISIONS— Heavy receipts of hogs, much
' larger than the estimate, and heavy selling made
this market weak. The unsteadiness of cor.i was
' I also a factor. The trading in pork, however, was
' I quite large. September pork closed 2%c lower,
I September lard 10c lower and September ribs 10@
12% c lower.
BUTTER— Aside from a few orders for local
' amount very little demand existed. Receipts held
Dp well and stocks showed a further accumulation.
' Creameries— Extras, 14% c: firsts, 13(j$14c; sec
-1 onds, 10@12e; Imitations, fancy, 12c.
EGGS— A steadier feeling was reported. Receipts
were moderate and dtmand was quite ureent, al
though principally of a local nature. Really fresh,
loose, Quoted at 9%c V doz; rehandled, 9%@10c;
shipping order, 10c: Southern, 9c V< doz.
MONEY —\v as steady at 6@t>% for call and 6% for
. time loans. Mew Yoric exchange was quoted at
' 80c discount.
Cloning Prices.
WHEAT— JuIy. 653/ c: September. 56i4@56»/gc;
■ December, 6Ky 8 ®58%c
CORN— Juiv. 23Vic; September. 26V4@265/ac:
I May, 283i@28%c.
OATS — -iuiv, - 17*4,0; September, 17c; May,
1 1978°-
i 1...RK — September. $6 40: January 57 10.
I LARD— September, *3 4-2%: January, S3 80.
; iLXHb— Septemoer, S3 40; January, $3 50.
1 . -.■.•.' Livettock.
1 UNION STOCKYARDS, 111, July 20.— Cattle—
The demand for good, to prime natives wasjstronger
, and a better feeling prevailed throughout the
, range. Hogs— The heavy receipts continue to have
1 a tendency to Keep down prices. Heavy hogs
1 closed 5c lower. Sheep receipts of Western range !
are increasing and prices declining, ruling lOi&'JOc
, lower.
CATTLK— Receipts. 14,500. Fancy beeves. 94 50
' @4 56; choice 10 prime, $4 25@4 46: good to
' choice steers, 94 10@4 20; medium steers, 93 76
' @4: common to fair steers. 93 25@3 65; feeders,
1 S3 25(53 75: common to choice stuckers. 92 20@
, 3 20; bulls, choice to extra. 92 75@3 26; bulls,
poor to choice, $2@2 70: cows and h»lfer«, extra,
! 93 70@4; cows, fair to choice, 92 40@3 50: .ows,
common to fair eanners. $1 10@2 25; calves,
. good to choice. $5(5)5 65; calves, common to good,
$3 20@4 90: Texas grasses. 92 40@3 15: Texas
fed steers, 93 15@3 80; Texas cows, bulls and
oxen. 92@2 85; milkers and springers, per head,
920@37 SS.
. Hooa— Ke-;oipu, 34,00 a Heavy packing ana
. shipping lots, 92 80:d2 95: common to choice
mixed. fi 85r<sM 40: choice assorted, *3 60053 60:
light. 93 30@3 60; pigs. «3@3 60.
. J-i' f— Receipts. 19,000. inferior u> cnolce,
91 60@3 50 . lambs, 93«ts 25.
! NUW VOltK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
. Shares. .
; 'Money on oar firmer at 2@SV; last loan at 1%
, and . closing offered at 2%. '■ Prime mercantile pa
. per. B%@i6;;. ; Bar silver, 68»^c. Mexican dollars,
53%@648/gc. Sterling Exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at 94 86@4 86V4 for
' 60 days and 94 86@4 89 for demand. Posted
rate*. 94 86@t 89%. Commercial bills, $4 87®
1 4 87%. Government bonds have been weak; State
bonds hare been dull; railroad bonds have been
I heavy. Sliver at the board was steady.
• . .;■ . CLOBTNG STOCK*. .
Am Tel «ft Cable-.. 86% Norfolk A Westro. 5
Atchiaon.. '. .11 Preferred. 11
-Preferred....;.... 761^ Northern Pacific... 51/-
Adams Express 145 Preferred. -.- 13
Alton. Terre Haute 64 Northwestern....;. 92 1 A
American Expressll>7 - Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 56^i N. Y. Central... . 90U,
Preferred...:..... 92 - N.Y.,ChicaEO<fciL. 10
BnyStateGas l&V* Ist preferred 72 •.'
Baltimore <feOhlo.. 15% zd preferred ■ 2UA
Brunswick Lands.. Va N. Y. &N. H. ; . . 161 *
Buffalo, Koch <fc P. 23 N. Y. & New En*. 37
Canada Pacific... 58 N. V.. Snsq A W... 714
Canada Southern.. 42 Preferred 17 '
Canton Land..'....." .' 60% Ontario. -.; r.; ; 11%
Central Pacific 14 'Ontario A Western 12*4
Ches. & 0hi0....... J a-%: Oregon Improvmnt y%
Chicago Alton. 150 I * Preferred.........——
Preferred ;...J7O (Oregon Navigation 12 » •
Chicago, B. & Q 63^4 Oregon Short Line. '.- 9V,
Chicaeo A B. 111... 40 Vg> Pacific Mall ; 178/?
■- Preferred. ....... 1 00 Peorta, D. A Evans ' " 111
ChlcagoGas....;... 61 Vi Pittsburgh W. pfd 15
CleveA Plitßbnrg..l66 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142V4
Consolidation Coal. 31 -• Quicksilver. . - la
Consolidated Gas.. 140 Preferred. 13
C. C. C A St. Louis 22% Beading. .... ... .. 1014
Preferred. 80 RioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron. . ' 17% Preferred.' ■ 40
■ Preferred 100 iKock Island...-.:;.. 64
Cot Oil Cert ;.;. BVi Home Wat 113
Commercial Cable.] 2s - St. L. 4 8.W...... 3
Dei. Hud50n.. ...... H6V2 Preferred '.'." ■ 714
Del.Lack&Westrn.l4tS' St. Pau1............. «8T?
Denver A R. G...V. - 11% Preferred........ -.123
Preferred......... 42% St. Paul A Duluth. 15
Di5ti11er5.. ......... 10% | : Preferred......... 87
General Electric. 21V 8 St Paul A Omaha. 81
Erie.'.....;.......'... 131/3- Preferred. ; .. 132
- Preferred 31 ;8u P. M. A M ...;; 108 ■
Fort Wayne .163 silver Certificates'. 69y 8
Great Northern pfd 108 'Southern Pacific 17R4
Green 8ay........;. Southern K. R..... TiZ
Harlem. .......:...294 , Preferred. ?.;.;... 80Vi
Hocking C0a1.....". WSujtar Hennery .... 7/*
Hocklnic Valley.... ;16»/ 4 Preferred.:.. 97 il
Homeslake. 34 Term. Coal A Iron 16
H. A Texas Cent,.. • Preferred. - .-80 -
Illinois Central..... 90, Texas Pacific * ' 6
lowa Central ...... - 6 ToI.A.A.A N.Mich" —
Preferreo. 21 : Tol. A Ohio Cent..-. SO .
Kansas A Texas... 9*4 r Preferred. . — -;70 '■ ■ '
Preferred 16^1 Onion Paclnc... 6
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
Kingston « P«m... 3 Tol.S;. Louis* K.C. 6
Lake Erie* Westn 14% Preferred ft
Preferred. 160% C. P. I>en <fc Oulf.. 2
Lake Snore 187% V. & Coraag* »%
National Lead 18% Preferred. 7%
Preferred 79% Guaranteed 14»4
Long Island 73 |U. S. Express 40
Louisville <fc Nash. 46% V. S. Leather 6
Lonlaville Na<tCh Sx/*: Preferred 45%
Preferred. 12 !U. S. P.ubber 16
Manhattan Con sol. 92% Preferred 70%
Memphis <t Charts. 15 iVtlca <fc B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 7 Wab. s. L. & Pac.. 6%
Mlchlga-i Central.. 81 Preferred IS»4
Minn * a L. Wells-Fargo 85
Prelerred Western Union 77*4
Minn & St. L com. 15 Wisconsin Central. 1S/ S
Ist preferred 65 Wheeling *L. E.. 7S/,
2dpreferred 38 Preferred. 85%
Missouri Pacific... 16*4 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 89%
Mobile* Ohio 16 W. D. Beef 6S>.
Nashville & Chatt. 67% Acn Arbor 7
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred 20
N. J. Central 91 Brooklyn Traction. 19%
North American ... 3»4 Krie 2d ptd 27
tXOfiIKO BONDS.
V 8 4s, registered.. 106% M T 2ds.. . . 52%
Do 4s. coupon 107 Do 45..... '.... 77
V 5 4s new, regstrdlll^ Mutual Union 1.11 4
Do 4s, coupon ...11244 > J cent Gen 6s. ..116%
Do Us 95 Northern Pac 113%
Do 5s ........110 Do 2ds 106%
1 coupon... 110% Do3ds . 64
Cherokee 4a, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 13a ■
-Do 1897.... 101)-. Do deb 55... 109%
Do 1898........ 10) ORAN 15t5.......107
Do 18a9 ...;.... 100 StL&lronMtGen 5s 68%
Pa<nrlc*ss of '95.... St L * S F Gen 6s. 10.*
DC3-65S .;........10»V4St Paul Consols.... 126%
Ala (.lass A 45...;. to St PCA Pa 15t5... 115%
DoCiasi H 4, 102 Do Pac Cal .110%
LaConsol 45....... 94 Southern R R 65... 82
Missouri funding... Texas Paclflo lsts. 90
N Carolina con 65..116 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 15%
U045.... ......... 95 Union Pac Ists 96.103%
So Carolina 4%5... 100 West Shore 45.... ..10»
Term new 3s 75 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 58%
Va funding debt... 66% R Grande West Ists 68%
Do registered.....— Cbes « Ohio 65.... 16%
Do deferred 65... 6 Atchlson 4s 71%
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do2dsA 30%
Canada Bonth2ds.. 103 H * 8 A 6s 101
Oen Pac Ists of '9s. 99% Do2d7s 97
Den&RG Ist HO H A Tex Cent 106%
Dots. 87 Do con 108
trleads 69 Reading 4s 71
Kansas Pa Consols 65 Missouri 6*. 100
Ka Pa lets Den dlvll2
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKKPOOI.
LIVERPOOL. Ens., July 20.-The spot market
is quiet at 5s 4d©s 4%d. Cargoes firm at 265,
prompt shipment.
' FtmrßES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s 10v*d: August, 4s 10% d: September, 4s lOVid;
October, 4a 10% d; November, 4s 10% d.
SKCUBITIKB.
LONDON, Ens., July 20. — Consols, 113%;
sliver, 31 7-16 d; French Rente* lOlf 97% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 80%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. "$, ounce. — 68%
Mexican Dollars 64 64%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Continues very quiet at unchanged
prices. No. 1, 93%@95c; choice, 96i,4(&97%c;
lower grades, 87%(592%c; extra choice for mill-
Ing, $I@l 10 « cti.
CALI, BOARD BALKS.
Ixfokmai, Session— lo o'clock— 2oo tons,
91 025' 8 ; 400,91 03%.
Regular Morning Session — December— loo
tons. 983/ ( c. ' •
afternoon Sessiox— December— loo tons,
983/gc; 400, 981/4-
BaRLEV— new. Receipts are liberal.
We quote Feed, 67%@700 ¥ ctl; Brewing, 75©80 c
T^Ctl.
. . CAI.I. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Keoitub Mobniks Session— December— loo
tons, 70% c; 100, 708/gc; 600, 70% c; 100. 70V 8 c;
600 -70c.
afternoon Session' — December'— loo tons,
6934 c.
OATS — Quiet. and easy. Milling are quot
able at 85@90c ?. ctl: fancy feed, 90@92%c ft ctl:
good to choice, 82%@90c: common to fair, 7i!%@
80c; Gray, 80@82%c: surprise, 95c@$l 02%.
CORN— Dealers quote previous prices. Large
Yellow. 883/i@9se; Small Hound do, 97% C; White,;
77%@82%c f ctl. ™ *l
RYK— 7i%@7sc f» ctl for old and 65c for new.
AT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND 3IILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 60@3 70 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 40@3 60;
superfine, 92 76@3.
CORN MEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 60@20:
Cracked" Corn, 920 50<g>21 f) ton. ;
MILLBTUFFS— Prices In 10-tt. sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; : Graham Flour,
234 c: Rye Flour, 3ViC; Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal. 2s. 4 @itc; extra cream do, 3%c: Oa. meal, 3c;
Oat Groats, 4c: Hominy, 4@4%c; Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina, 4%c:
Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c; Pearl
Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Greeu do, fiVio
3 tt>. - ' ' '
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— In heavy receipt and lower at 918 50©
14 bO for the best and ■ 912 60@13 9 ton for out
side brands.
MIDDLINGS— $15@ie » ton for lower grades
and 917@18 r 1 ton for the best.
FEKDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, 915@15 60: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, 921 V ton: jobbing, 922.
HAY— Lower under receipts of 1282 tops. Wheat
Is quotable at 97(g>10 50 $ ton: Wheat and Oat,
96 So@9 V ton; Oat. 96(»b; Barley, 96@8; River
Barley. $4 60@5; Alfalfa, 96 60@6 SO; Clover,
S6@7 60.
STRAW-30@40c ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Bayos. 90c@91 * ctl; Small Whites,
91©1 15 ? ctl; Pea. 91@1 25 f>. cU; Large Whites,
90c@$l 10 V, ctl; Pink, 7O@8Oc; Reds. 91@1 20;
Blacke $1 25®1 60: Red Kidney, nominal- i
Limas. 92@2 SO; Butters, 91@1 60.
- SEEDS— Brown Mus ard is quotable at 91 50®
2 25 %* ctl: Trieste, 92@_' 50 « ctl ; Yellow M ns
tard, 91 40« l 50; Flax, sl 70@l 80; Canary, 23 ic
9 tb; Alfalfa, 7%@9%c f, S; Rape, 2%c'fi'tt>;
Hemp. 3%c f, lb. T .
DRIED i»EAS— 9I 25@1 40 VcU for Nlles ana
81 25(5,l 45 for Green.
POTATOES,, ONIONS, VEGETABLE
POTATOES— 5000 sacks came In. Garnet
Chiles are quotable at 60@70c f\ ctl; Early Bose,
in sacks, 25@45c; Early Rose in boxes. SO® 6oc;
Burbank Seedlings, 26@65c 9 ctl for Rivers and
75c@91 for San Leandro.
ON IONS- White, 30@40c; Red, from 20c « sack
down to nothing. They are almost gone, and It la
a good thing.
VEGETABLES— The market is heavily stocked
with Corn, Tomatoes, Peppers and Cucumbers,
but prices keep up first-rate. Green Corn is quot
able at 25c@$l $ sack: Alameda . Corn, 91 60
@2 » crate: Berkeley Corn, 91@1 25 » crate
bummer Hquash, 15@25cfor Bay; Egg Plain, 60c@
91 25 Tomatof-s, 91@175 for Rivers and 2S
®50c for Vacaville; Cucumbers In small boxes. 25®
60c; Alameda Cucumbers,7sc@»l 2s; Asparagus!
91 25@2 75: Green Peppers, 2&@soc "$ small box
and 60c@91 <p large box for Chile and 9 l@l 25
for Bell; Green Peas, 60c@fl ■$ sack for com
mon and 2@2%c % tt> for Garden; String Beans
60c@91 vV sack: Green Okra, 75c@91 26 %box:
Cabbage, 40c V ctl; Carrots, 26®30c » sack; Gar
lic, 2@2%c %i lb. -■ ■ ■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— There was a sharp rise yesterday, as
will be seen by the quotations.
le C i^ EA^ I BY ~ ' 17@17y,c; seconds, 15%@
1 6% cfi id. . • ■ .
- Dairy— Fancy, 15%®16c: good to choice, 143
15c: lower grades, 12@13c. ™
: ' CHEESE — The market • rules - firm. Fancy
mild new is quotable at 7@7%c ?P lb; common
to good, 6®6%c; Cream Cheddar, 9@loc: Young
America, 7@9c 1* tt>: Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
11<^13C ; ; _.-■■ ...
.(JS— The market continues to advance, though
poor store Eggs are neglected *nd weak. Store
Eggs, 10@llc for poor and 12@13c for strictly
good; ranch Eggs, 14@17c; Duck Eggs, 13@14c
- POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Nothing new, except that a car of
Eastern is announced for to-day.
Live Turkeys, 16@1 7c for Gobblers, 12%®14c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 18@19c; Geese, "# pair. 91
©1 25; Ducks, 92 50(0.3 60 for old and 93 50@4 «*
doz for younc: Hens. 94 60@5 50; Roosters, young,
95@7 : do, old. '94 60@5 %» 0° Fryers, 94@4 50-
Broilers, 93@3 60 for large and 916032 60 for
small; Pigeons, 91 25(s>l 50 li doz for young and
old. ■ ,-: • . .
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—"
Apricots continue .to improve. Nectarines are
dull. ■ Peaches are steady and some choice Saw
yer's Seedlings sold at 90c $ basket.
Red Nectarines, 60c: White, 36040 c "9, box.
; Peaches, 35@65c f) box and 40&75 eft basket.
Plums, 25@75c * box and 76@85c 9 crate. Jap
anese Plums, 75c®91 "$> box. -
Apples, 60c(0.5l %» box for choice and 25@50c for
common. . - .
Crabapples, 30®50c Tgi box.
Pears, 30® >0c » box ; ■ Bartletts. 50@65c « box.
- Apricots, 40@76c i# . box: 926@50 » , ton -in
bulk for the general run, with sales of poor at $20
®£ 2 60 »nd of choice at 932 50. .
Figs, 25@50c f, box for single and 76c@l 60 »
box for double layers. .
.BERRIES- - ",
Strawberries, $'J@4 f( chest for Longworths and
91 50@2 50 for large berries.
. Raspberries, 92 50@4 « chest.
Blackberries. 92@2 50 ■$ chest.
Currants, 92 60@4 60 chest. : .
• GRAPES— Vacaville Sweet waters and Fontalne
bleaux, 50@76c V box and 91 * < rate.
MELONS — Watermelons, . 912 50@20 S 100.
Small and green I Cantaloupes * are arriving, but do
not sell readily.." r - • , • _"• _
CITRUS FRUITS-Orangfts. 9S@3 76 » box for
Valencia* and 92@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
St. Michaels; Lemons, 91 50@2 60 for common
and 93@4. for good to choice; ib« ■ few Mexican
Limes here are selling at $1 25@1 50 ft 100; Ba
nanas. Sl@2 9 bunch; Pineapples, I@4 "$ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
■ New A prlcots are weak unchanged at 5 %@6c "$
.lb in the sweat-box: 6V4@6%c f. o. b., coast and
3Va@«%c San Francisco. . -
, : Quotations ou the Fruit Exchange are as follows :
. Cakload Loth— Apples— l /2@2c i* lb ; for = quar
tered, 2c for . siloed and : 4(ic4%0 for evaporated:
reaches, 3@sc and 8c for fancy:: Apricots. 5V2®
e%c for prime to choice, — - for fancy and 10@l"ic
r Ib for fancy Moorpark: Fies. black, 2%c for im
pressed; Wnlte .Figs, 4c In sacks; Pears. 7c %t tb
for evaporated halves. 3%@6c ■$ lb for quarters;
r "Ji e8 - 3J^ C V 1>: Plums. 3V 3 c Vlb tor pitted and
l%@2c for unpltted ; Nectarines, 3%@6c "$ lb for
prime to choice am? 6%c for fancy.: . • ■
Jobbing Pbicks — livarjorated . Apples, 4@sc
f m: sundried, l%@2c; Peaches. 3%@5c and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12%c^ tb; Prunes. 3%c
Kf£»ul?. ur sizes, 4%c for 40@50's and ,4c - for
?R@?° 8: Apricots, 6@7c for prime to choice,
T.r. t or fßnc >' , Moorpark: Fiifs, black, 3%c;
white Fins, Htosc; Pears, 8c tb for evaporated
halves and 4@fv a c for quarrers: -Plums, 'B%@4c
T °* P'" aDd .l'@l%c for unpitted; Nectariues,
4@sc « a. for prim a to choice.
n k h? II * !S ~ Prices are as follows, carload lots, £
p. 0, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: - 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c "$ tb: seedless Biiltanas,
ac; seedless Muscatels, l»4c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c » box; clusters. $1 36@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, *2 10@2 25. Imperial clusters. *2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pkicks — Four-crown, loose, none: 3
crown, none; 2-crown. 3%c ft Ib. seedless Bul
tanas. 4c %* B>: seedless .Muscatels, 3c: 3 crown
Loalon layers, 76@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
DehesK clusters. $2 50: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
-M l> — Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
} vl! or No - 1 hard and H@l3c lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%c f) tb for Lane
euedoc, 2i/ a c f* ft, for hardshell and B@loc
* » for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@n%_
« lb for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc * tt>;
Cocoanuts, «4 50@5 % 100. •
HONEY— 10@l'2%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 5@5%c:
light amber extracted, 4%@43ic; dark amber,
4y*c: dark, 2@3c » tb. -
BKESWaS^-25@27%c * Ib. '
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— is quotable at 6%c for
heavy, 7%c $ a> for light medium. 9@9%c for
light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Kasiern Susar .cured Hams, 12@12%c:
California Hams, 10%@llc * tt>: Mess Beef, $7
@8; extra mess do, $8 60@9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, ?14 •$ bbi;
mtss. *12 60(§»13 %i bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c f* tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 514 c lb
for compound and 6V*c for pure; pails, 7c <$ lb;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6c for
pure: hali-bbls, 6V4C: 10-tb tins, 7c; do 6-tt>, 71/4 C.
COTTOLENE— 6%@5%c in tierces and 6Vi®
6^bc «i tt. In 10-tt) tins. :
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at 7@7%c $ Ib; culls and brands,
6@&%c $ lb; medium, 6@6%c;ft &>; culls and
brands, 5(a5i /2 c >. lt>; light, sc; culls and brand*.
•c: Cowhides, s(ja>6y2C: culls and brands, 4@4%c;
salted Kip, 5c %t tb ; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10V»@llc; culls and brands, 8@
B%c; dry Kip and Vein, B@9c; culls. 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 2U(f1i350 each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(530c; medium. 15®
25c; winter, 7@loc: sheepskin;j,sheariings,lo@lsc
each; short wool, -Jo(a3r>c each: medium, 40®
60c each: long wools, 50ig,60c each. Culls of all
kinds about %c less.
TALLOW-No. 1, rendered, 3@3i£c; • No. 2,
2%c: refined, 3c: Grease. 2V 4 c ft lb.
WOOL _ Humboldt and Meudocino, 10@12c
1* tb; Valley Oregon, 10@llc %* lb; do lower grades,.
B@loc %} lb; Nevada, 6<Sj9c ft tb: San Joaquin and
southern Coast, six months, 4©6 c: San Joaquin.
foothill, goo 1 to choice, 7@Bc: San Joaquin, year's
fleece. 4%@6%c; northern free, 7@9c: do defec
tive. 5@6%c V. tb.
HOPe>-i:@4c •# Ib for 1896 and 6@7%c for 188&
CEXKKAI, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS—Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, f 4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 f* ton; New Wellington,
SB ft ton: Soathfield Wellington, 97 50 ft ton;
Seattle. $s<§>s 60: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, $4 60;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, *7 60; Brvmbo, 87 60;
Cumberland, f 11@12 in bulk and »13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg. $11 SU; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannei, $7 60: Bock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Con c.
f ll@la In bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
COAL OlL—The new list of the Standard Oil
Company makes no change in Gasoline and Naph
tha, but quotes Coal Oil 2 c lower, as follows:
Wa'-er-white Coal oil, In bulk, lac; Pearl Oil, la
cases, 18% c; Astral, do. 18% c: Star, do, 18^c:
Extra Star Oil. In cases, '221, 2, Elaine, do. 23% c;
Eocene, do, 20% c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
balk, 14c; do, In cases, 19% c; 63* Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. 13c: 6S C do. in cases, 18% c: 86 s
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: 86* do. In cases, 26c %) gal.
BUG AX—The Western Sugar Kefining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crusned. :<%'■■
Powdered, 6%c: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, sc; Confectioners' A. sc; Magnolia A, 45c;
Extra 1, 4%c; Golden C, 4%c: half barrels, y*c
more than barrels, and boxes %c more. - -.
SYRUP—Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
UgaL ... .-^ .■■-■ ■ 'JZ&S'i
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ■, 
BEEb'—First quality, sc; second do, 4%@43/:c;
third do, 3Vi(*4c r It.
VEAL— Large, 4@6c; small, s@6c ft tb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 5@5%c; Ewes, 4%@5c
ft Ib. , . •
i.AMB-s@6cft Ib.
POKK—Live Hogs. 3iA@3i/ 3c *tb for large and
3,4 7 /»c for email and medium; dressed do, 4%
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
rOB '.4 HOURS.
Flour. qr. sks.... Shorts, Or, sks...' 1,250
Oregon 19.710 Hay, tons. . 1,282
Washington.... 4,090 Butter, ct15...... ; 235
Wheat, ct15...... 71,202ICtieese. ctls ■ 44
Barley, ct15...... 83,818 Eggs, doz ': 11,490
Oat*, ctls.; 1,067 Hides, no 1,200
Oregon. 65011'elis, bdls ' 439
Washington... 2,9B.">;Wine, ga15.;..... 44,900
Corn, ctls ' 1,670 Leather, rolls ISO
Beans, Kks 59|lJme, bb15.....;. ■ ',■ 120
Potatoes, sks.... 5,814 Tallow, ctls - - $2
Onions, 5k5...... 578Qulrksllver. lists — 17
Middlings, sks... 1 Wool, bis 134
Bran, sks 1,0.15 Oregon, sks - 58
Oregon.. 1,870 Washington.... 76
Washington 2,900 Lumber, M feet.. 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Coralie N. Kenfleld to James Fisher, lot on SW
corner of Sixth avenue and California street, 8 50
by W 120, quitclaim deed; $2., .
James and Bessie F. Fisher to Hartland and Her
bert K. Law, same; $10. ;
George W. and Ruby C. Haegett to L. M. Ryer,
lot on NE corner Clement street ' and Fouth ave
nue. B 32:6 by N 100: $10.
Wlnthrop .L. and Lulu C Cowls to Prurience
Building ana Loan Association, lot on W line of
Third avenue, 25 a of California street, S 26 by W
94; $10.
Patrick Haggerty to Rosa Gardcela, lot on X Hoe
of Third avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by E
103:7%; »10.
' James C. Johnston to Theo Allen, lot on W line
of Twelfth avenne, 176 S of O street, S 50 by W
120; also lot on S line of Azores street (Twenty
ninth avenue), 150 X of Osage (1) street. SK 76 by
SW 100, lot 6, block 531, Bay View Homestead
Association: also lot on E line of - Forty-third ave
nue, 176 Nof A street, N6oby E 120; 10.
Isabella Hall to John Hall, lot on N line of
Lake street, 30 W of Twenty-fourth avenue. W 60
by N 100; gilt.
Ellen McLaughlln to Hugh Keane, lots 985 to
989, Gift Map 3: $10.
Henrietta J. Krellnc (wife of John Kreling) to
Marianna C. Bootz, lot on SW corner of san Jose
avenue and l.egent street, 8 60 by W 100, subdi
vision 19 and 20, Piorr's Addition, Went End
Homestead; gift. ; ' - .
Sarah Bradshaw (nee Fuller) to David Fuller, lot
on N line of Thirty-second avenue, 150 X of'l
street. X 50 by N 100. lots 81 and 32, block 552,
Bay Park Homestead Association: $1. '',-■■ --
Jones, Allen A Co. to Joel Weieel, j lot on IN W
corner of Arlington street, 6"05 SW of Roanoke,
8W 30 by N \V 75. lot 14, Jones' Addition to Fair
mount Tract; $10. ?■: - : ■ '
AI.AMBDA COtTNTT.
Joshua R. Mead (trustee) et aL .to Sarah Leon
ard, lot on S line of I Mead avenue. 860 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 25 by S 125.70, being lot 39,
Mead Park. Oakland, $10. . - -
Same to Hannah Leonard, lot on S line of Mead
avenue, 875 W of San Pablo avenue, W 28 by S
125.70, being lot 38. Mead Park, Oakland, $10. -
- Emily Veeder to J. W. McDonald, lots 9 and 17,
block 60, Park place, being a subdivision of No. 1,
Laundry Farm, Brooklyn Township, $10. -
H. N., G. F. and M. K." 1 Gray to Jeremiah T.
Burke, lot on BE line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
6699 SW of East Twenty-third street, aW 33.38,
Si 99.10. NE 33.33, NW 100.07 to beginning, be
ing lot 6, block 'F,*. Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township, $10. • v-
Josephine Hoyer and family and ■ Josephine
Green to M. R. Lyle, lot on'SW line of Union
; place. 75 SE of Commerce street, SB 25. SW. 10
lands of John Luth, to a point which Is intersected
by continuation XX of NE line of lot 27. block 66,
thence NW 25, NE to beginning, block 66, Map of
James B. Lame's Addition. to San Antonio, East
Oakland $10. ■ - '-y l*vaellMf'''£^ tiM*b*fa&tf™fi
Mary B. Nicholson to Mary B. Nicholson, undi
vided % interest in lot on N line of Third street,
76 W ot Madison, W 100 by N 100, being lots 23
to 26, block 36, Oakland: also, undivided % of lot
on N line of Railroad avenue. iliO VV of Cedar
street, W 50 by S 100:4%, lots 9 and 10, block
43. Lands of Oakland Point Ferry.Landing Tract,
406, Oakland; $10. • '■'■ -*V- -
Jump- and • Alvara McCnne to Hamilton Lee, lot
on W line of West street, 75 N of Nolan or Thirty
third, N 60 by W 116, being the south half of lot
17 and north half of lot 18, block X, Central Land
Company's Tract, Oakland: $10. v , :., •-.,;:
Fred G. and Ella - B." Weston to O. ; S. Orrlck. lot
on NW corner of Piedmont avenue, 146 NE
of Moss, NX 40 by NW 126, block A, Thermal
Hill,,formerly Howe Trac;, Oakland Township:
- Charles A. and' Alice C. Bailey to Roberto." Cra
mer, lot ■on N line of .Vlrsinia ■ street, 158 • W of
Hamilton, W 40 by If 184.67, being the W 40 feet
of lot 34, block B, Hamilton Tract, Berkeley; $5.
• Caroline M. Runkle to "Lye Lock," lot 3, block
29, map of Fitchburg ' Homestead lots, Brooklyn
Township; $10. ; f . : , ;. , ."- ...
A. L. and Loucitta Graham to Robert McDonald,
lot on the SW ii,,e of Oakland road, ? 150 SE of
Louie street. SE 100 by SW 200, being los 11, 12,
19 and 20, Pearoe Tract, Hay wards, Eden Town
ship; $10.
, Builders' Contracts. ' ,( :._,
Claus Belmers with John Person, to erect a two
•tory building on tb* K£ corner of ' Colusa and
Connecticut streets: 82469; David C. Colemau,
architect.
J. H. Mangels with F. Wagner, underpinning,
etc.. for building on the N line of Ellis street,
64:3 E ot Powell; $2150; Henry Gellfusa, archi
tect.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Bodies sold higher agnin yesterday, but the
Comstocks were off, some Of them sharply. The
best price for ("hollar wa, $'J '.'O, against f"2 60 on
Saturday, and the stock sold as low as 92 05.
Gould A Cursy got down as low as 71c, against 8 >c
on Saturday and so on. The showing in the face of
the south orift on the 800 level of the Chollar has
become less favorable, which doubtless accounts
for the decline in that stock.
At the annual meetings of tbe Union Consoli
dated and Yellow Jacket M ning Companies yes
terday the old officers were re-elected.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as
follows:
/;'ophib— 1000 level— The west crosscut 1 started
from the south drift from the shaft station on the
•ill floor of this level at a point 350 feet south of
the shaft station or 70 feet north from the south
boundary line of the mine, has been advanced 23 j
feet, passing through porphyry carrying seams of
clay and Hues of quartz, the latter assaying $1 per
ton; total length 457, feet. | Central tunnel, from
the sill floor, from the upraise started on the north
side of Ihe crosscut | running west from the drift
run northwesterly from the Mexican shaft -56 feet
above the sill floor of this level— at a point 194
feet in from the month of the crosscut the south
drift has been extended seven feet, through por
phyry and quartz formation assaying S2 and *4
per ton; total length 137 feet. -
Mexican— looo level— west crosscut 1 from
the north drift on the sill floor of this level,
started at a point 480 feet from the Ophir shaft
station or 230 feet north from the south boundary
line of the Mexican mine, has been extended 21
feet, passing through hard porphyry, carrying clay
seams: total length 607 feet. .
Bkbt A Belcher- Bonner shaft— Boo level—
The Joint east crosscut started on our south
boundary has been advanced 11 feet, total length
33 feet, face in hard porphyry. Brunswick Lode—
Shaft 2— This shaft was sunk 9 feet on the Incline:
total depth 283 feet, bottom in porphyry. 160
Discontinued work In the south drift,
started from the west crosscut and resumed work
In the main south drift, started from east crosscut
1 and extended it 15 feet; total length 95 feet,
face in porphyry and quartz. :
g Gould A Cubby— Bonner shaft. 800 level— Tho
joint east crosscut started on our east boundary
has been advanced 11 feet; total length, 33 feet;
face in hard porphyry. Brunswick Lode— The
joint shaft 2 has been sunk 9 feet on the incline;
total length,' 2B3 feet ; bottom in porphyry. The
main tunnel has been extended 25 feet, passing
through porphyry and stringers lof quartz; total
length, 864 feet. . The west crosscut 5 started in
this tunnel at a point 800 feet from the mouth has
been extended 14 feet: total length, 54 feet, pass
ins through hard porphyry and quartz; total
length, 40 feet.
Occi dental— 650 level— North drift from east
crosscut has been advanced 22 feet; total, '29 feet;
face in quartz. . South drift from same crosscut is
in 40 feet: extended during the week, 23 feet. 650
level— The north drift from west crosscut 2 Is in i
227 feet; advance;! during the week, 20 feet. 750
level— The east crosscut was discontinued. West I
crosscut from south drift is in 16 feet; total length,
47 feet; face in hard porphyry. Have resumed
drifting south and have made during the week 15
feet in Quartz bf low assay value. ;• - -
Astdks — level— east crosscut 2 from the
upra se up 60 feet advanced 19 feet; total length
67 feet. Formation quartz and porphyry. Shipped
6 1424-2000 tons of concentrates from the ore
which we had concentrated, and received for the
same $4247 39 after charges had been deducted. -
The Bangkok-Cora Bell mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $6000 on the 13th.
The Calumet and Hecla copper dividend of
$500,000 was paid on the 13th. •
The Cariboo mine cf British Columbia paid a
dividend of $16,000 on the 7th.
I The Golden Fleece mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of 18,900 on the 15th. . •
The Homestake mine of South Dakota will pay
a dividend of 25c per share on the 25th. » .
Tlie Osceola Copper mine of Michigan will pay a
dividend of $50,000 on the 25th.
The Bald Eagle mine of Alaska has declared a
dividend. 
The Firemen's Fund Insurance Company will
pay a dividend of $3 for the quarter on the 22d.
80A..... . A~.JS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
EEBI7LAB MORVTN-O KRnvrOV mw<tV!f'ri 0:n.
100 Alta. 09 200 Challnr. ..32 100 0phir...1.06
200 81cner....34 1250 Ch0ir. .2.15 200 0vrmn....19
100 .;..... -....36 600 V.. 1.70 400 P0t051...L 10 '
1200 80die...58 50.. 1.65 460.. . .1.05 j
400 ...........60 60 Conn 95"J00 Savac ... 71
100 ...;..„.. 61 200 C Point. ..41 600 "....70
100 .....64760 UifcC.... 76300 '. .72
400 .. ........ 65 400 75 400 SeeßeL..l2
350 8u11i0n.. .19 400 HAN. .1.25 300 S Nev 54
200 .;....; 1R 300 Mxcn.... 59100 Union .. 45
300 8u1wer~..45 200 NO* C..05 150 V Ja0*»1..35
400 41 300 Occidtl.... BlJl6o 36
- ' ' AfTKItSOON RESaiOV — 2:'»').
500 Alpha .10i500Ch0ur....2.05,100 Ophir. .. 96
360 8e1cher.. . 34100 CC*V... 1.70 300 .......... .95
100 B A 8... 57 300 G&C 71 200 Ovrmn... 16
300 ,'..'..: 66 660 HAN.. .1.16 1060 Potosi.l.UO
3&0 56 200 Mxcn 55 ,550 Bay. .. 68
600 Bodie.-..60 3000cc1d.....69 200 Svndlcateos
300 8u11i0n.. .171100 ......70 100 t"uiou. 41
500 8ui wer.... 39400 68 300. 42
100 (.'haling... 260 .....".......67 200 x" 'Jacict.'. 34
100 33! 60 ...; 66|
.Following, were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
jt>.ur T.Ait nwwrow— lOjri
300 Alpha 10 100 Ch0ir.. . 2.401300 Occldtl... 78
400 Alta. 09 100 ......... .2.35 300 Ophir 1.02%
400 Andes.... 2B 250 ...'...„. a.30 600 . .100 !
*00 8«1cner...35 400 2.25 300 ...."*" .97
200 B AH 63 200 .......2.212% 500 Ovrmn"..lß
700 ...... 6-ttOO .. .2.2*, 200 P0t051...1%
300 692i>0 2.17% 700... ..;... 1 10 i
100 80d1».....&6 400 2.16 400 ........1 071 A
600 ...68 300 2.10 «00 ..........1.06 i
700.. ...... ....6 ft 300 2.07%300 .......1.02% :
400 ..... 63400 C N V 03 200 SaT .73
200 .........62% 300 Crwn 200 .....74
400 ...... .....o"/kOO Exchqr."...Os 400 .. . 72
1200 Bullion.. 18 100 U&U......77 200 ... '«, " 71
900 8u1wer... 45 400 .......... .76600 . 70
300 ....:.... .41 800 76 300 .....".".'.""-•I
200 ............40 7- 700 Scorpion-OS
400 39 1200 HAN1...25'300 58& M....11
200 Ca1eda....11900 1.20 300 •* Ny 54
200Ch11UKe...32 200 Ju1ia..... .09 1000 S Hi 11 ....02
200 CCV. 1.67%90U Mexn 58 1000 .. .03
400 1.70300 ...........55 300 Union C... 46
200 Conn. 65,300 M0n0.. ...24 500 Utah. .....10
4000 Con 1m..01700 Occd ...... 83 400 V J*ckel..3s
4000 ....:... 02|400 ......... 80
■'_• ' • ' AFTERNOON BBStrtX- 2; SI. ."
200 Alcha..... 101450 Choir... 2.05 500 Occd 76
200 Alta. 09300 2.07^300 .. "68
300 Ande5.... 28 200 2.10400 Ophir 98
200 Belcher ..32,450 CCV... .1.651100 ..„ '. .95
300 ...... ....~31 50 Confl 95|200 Overman.l 7
250 BAB. 60;3U0 C P01nt....4U 300 PotosLo2% i
800 ;...„:... .56200 ...; 38600 eav«......67
200 ...........58 400 Excnqr...o6 300 58AM....12 I
li'-'O Bodle 601100 G AC .733005NV. 6a
100 ....... 62 400 73 200 Uni0n... "45
500 :. ...63 260 HA.N...1.1f.!-20U Utah..... 09
600 8u11i0n. ..17 200 Kentck....O7 300 V Jckt-..56
400 Bulwer.... 400 Mex....; .65 500 ' 36
200 39 ! 400M0n0.....23 """.* "
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 20—4 p. -a, - :
JBtd. Asked. ' .Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 10 11 Jackson 26 —
A1ta............ -08 09 Julia - • . — 10
Andes. 28 30 Justice. .'... 04 06
8e1cher.....;.. S3 34 Keniuck....... 07 08
Best A Belcher 55 66 Lady Wash.... _ 05
80d1e...... 61 62 Mexican 55 67
8u11i0n........ 16 17 M0n0..........; 22 23
8u1wer......... 37 40 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Caledonia...... 10 11 Occidental..... 68 70
Ch011ar.;......2.05 2.10 Ophir. 95 97
Con.t al&Va.. .1.65 1.70 Overman- 16 18
Challenge Con. 32 34 ! Potosl ....... 1.00 1.05
Con. Imperial. 01 02 5avage......... 67 69
Confidence .„. 91 95 5c0rpi0n....... 05 06
Con New York ■ — 04 Seg. Belcher... 12 13
Crown Point... 37 38 Syndicate ..... . — 05
EastSlerraNev • — 1)4 Silver Hi 11.... 02 . —
Eureka Con... — .26 sierra Nevada. 51 63
Exchequer 06 06 Union Con 41 43
Goula .SCurry.- 72 73 Utah........... 08 10
Uaie<fcNorcrs.l.l6 1.20) Yellow Jacket. 34 3u
GOLD MINING -EXCHANGE.
■ Champion ...... I .:• Princess
8id..... ........2000 Asked ...... 54
A5ked... ...........;30 00 - Providence . -
0ranu.».. ...... Bid "6000
Asked . 26 Asked. ......"".80 00
-< Keystone Con. 100 Savannah 48
8id...... ............ 00 100 ....... ._ ;" " \%
Kennedy....... 400.:... MI:; 50
8id.....'....;.... .... 1000600 Sebastopol...;.. 50
A5ked.... ......;.... 10 60 Thorpe ..: «
400 Lock wood Con. 2V 8id........ -. BO
600 -...- 30 A5ked.. ...y.7.".y:; gjj
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. MONDAY, Jnly 20-2 r. x.
. . '; , rNITKI) STATES BONDS,'
'"* ■••■C-:;i'-'JBfd. Asked. '•■">.■• Bid. Asked.
U8 4s coup..lo6Vi - US 4a reg...1093A -T^.
Do new Issue — — ,-. jv ■ . " ■•:'-.>
i, MIBCELLAKKOUB RONTM.
Cal-stCblee*. - 110% Pacßoll M 6* — _
CalElecL6sll7% - Do 2d Is 65. . . - _ _
CntraCWßs - 94 P*ORy6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 86 - 100 PACh Ry 6s. — 107
vi S Ah?£?" ~ 1221 * Pwl - St KR6s. _ 1161*
*ACHKR6s. -.105% Reno, Wi^AL — 105 -
Geary-stRSs. 105 —-' Isacto PAL. - 102%
LosAng L : — 99 Isi'&N PR 55. , — 99 • *
Do(inteedßs _ 100%!sPRRArlz6s 93 -96
Mkt-stCble6sl2o 122WSPRRCal6s.^— 110%
DoKyCon6s_lo4«ilos%!SPßßCalss. — -™
NatVin6slst ;96 ; t . • -TWBrRCaISs. - ' 89%
NevCNgRTs. " 6 106 SVWater6s.. _v . I^o *.
«PC RR6s. 1001 *105 %SVWater4s.. _ - 9914
N; By Cal 101 102 t StktnG<tEßs — 100
NBy Cal ss. - 100 SunsiTATßs. — ' —
Oak Gas ss. .102 - Suiter-stRSs.IO9V4IIO *■'%
2d Js 65.. - - 106 VlsallaWCtw <;—. —
Omnibus os. 11834 —.1 •--::
. . " .. "WATEB STOCKS. '
Contra Costa 36 88%! San J05e..... — '- ;
MarinCo.... 60 - |s rng Valley 96 96
:-' .••.■-•" - :; ' «AH STOCKS.", ' .•' :
Capital. 10 26% Pacific Lluht 49V4 —
Central-..;..- 86 — San Francsco — 90 *
OafcOLAH _ 83 Stockton..... — 20
Pac Uaslmp. '— 86% ■
-',•■,*- '<'J-:. _i ■-. INSDBANCE STOCKS. ' ■ J
Fireman's — jSun ......;.., 25 60 .'•
"■ ' "■'[ ■■-' ' '• -' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. .
AmerBATC. - v — "■' LondonPAA.l36 ' 130 "
Anglo-Ca1.... 61% _ London ASF. , — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
CaISDATCo — 67 '.: Nevada .;... — ' —
FlrstNatlonL — - lß7%jSather S Co. — • . —
Grangers.... — — |
• . - SAVINGS bank STOCKS. ;.'
nerSALCo.I3KO 1370 SavALoan.. — 100
HurubSAL.lloo 1450 Security 235 —
Mutua1......; — 40 Union Trust. — 800
BFSavUnlon — 485 j
STBKKT KAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 .-'.*. ;Oak SLAHay '—'- 100 ,
Geary-st. — ' 55 Presidio 7 —
Market-5i.... 41% 4U% Sutter-st — —
WWDKK STOCKS. .
Atlantic D... 15 '■"■—■. !GiantCon — 20
Eastern D... 75 80 iJudson D.... — —
California.... 70 — Vigorit....... — 90c.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 92% 94»/ 4 Nat Yin Co.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. . — 10 Oceanic — 30
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAuxKA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison L!ghtll4 117 Pac Roll Mill — —
GasConAssn. — — Part PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTr — 24
HrwCASCo.. 17 18 JPac T&T Co. 70 —
HntchSPCo 17% Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerKxAssn.lOU HO .United C Co. — 25
Elec Light. — 4%! . ,
BALKS— VOa.<l.Vl BK3SIOV
Board—
6 Oceanic 8 SCO 20 00
■■.-. 5 ■: do do ....; „ 1900
$6000 8 V 4% Bonds 99 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A G struw.«, U S N M • auflipe, Los Angeles
G X Wallace, L Angeles X (jiilispie, Stockton
J S Victoria J 11 -Wigel & w, Victoria
R J Armstronx, Victoria J Winters & w.L Angeles
(i Wilber, Los Angeles H Shaubut, Tacoma
W Duncan, Tacoma R H Wise, I'acoma
J Hammundi. lacoma F s Mclmosh, Whatcom
SJ Younns, WJjatcom J E Downey, Springfield
D C McGulre.Springfleld G E Miller, Springfield
A L Hanks, New York W F Scott, New Vorii
BALDWIN HOTKL.
J J Hogan, M D, Vallejo C H Mathews, TJ S M
J W Kea, San Jose J B Feckhani, San Mateo
C Herman, San Mateo W F iierbert. San Mateo
B H Jung. San Mateo F M Barn, Philadelphia
G JCampbell Jr, Vallejo J Lesser, New York
C H Gray, Chicago S C ilartiu Jr, MD.StL
Mrs C H Offerman, Redw Miss J Kelly, Redwood
J X Carlisle, Detroit P Stoters. Salinas
H Siedenburg. Alameda F Smith. Fresno
H Morton, Fresno C Jones, Los Angeles
F Bartlett, Los Angeles H T Collins, Santa Cruz
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Knlskern, Chicago G H Martin, Chicago
G A Khein, N V Miss L D Smith. N V
Lb CoferAwf, Cal EM Speedwell. Tiburon
A H McKeuna. Tiburon E O Ward. Chicago
S McMuririe, Del Monte V D BlacK, Stdinas
A E Moroles, New Orlns Mrs V D Black, Salinas
Mrs A E Morolos.N Orls J H Killer, Louisville
R W Baxter, Portland Mrs R W Baxter.Portlnd
E T Wallace. Yreka C I Pardee. N V
Mrs Pardee, N V J R Ciive, England
J W Mac-Bride, N V Mrs Macßride, N V
D F Warnoc-ri, Chicago S B Lafferty, Davenport
W \V Adams, Montana J B Peakes, Stockton
E T Jeter, Santa Cruz A Felderiheim'T.Portlnd
S Rinaldo, San Jose J Breuner, Sacramento
J McNeil, Santa Cruz
LICK HOUSE.
E B Miller A w,EI Dorado R L Simpson, Woodland
I W D McCarthy, Seattle J L Colby Af. Portland
Miss M Taylor, Portland J P Tyree, Mare Island
Fred Guerrin, Berkeley F Lennan, Alameda
I J J Murray, San Rafael Horace Satorl.San Rafael
Miss X cohen. S Lake ety H D Hollo way, Phil a
Miss N Leinmger, Wis Margaret L Mitchell,
Mrs M S Simmonds, Wis Scotland
Jessie McNeill, Wis Miss M Wallace, Sacto '
A Hewell, Modesto MM Bernhoim, Modesto
Fd B Holden.MtHmlHn TM Hall, Jamestown, Pa
C Berger A w, Sacto A F Abbott. Marysville
Jas Brown, San Jose A T Kavanaugh, 08N
M T Chandler, Oakland J C Wolfskllt &s, suisun
J S V bchorield, t tah W E Rogers. Amaiia
C M Henderson, N V W E Duncan, Oroville
Mrs J W Humphries, Miss Nettie Humphries
Marysville Marysville
C Humphries, Marysville J B Atkinson A w, Ruth-
Victor Kohn, Sacto ford
Mrs W Clark A c, 8 Cruz D F Bernal, Livermore
Win sexton, San Jose Mrs S E Sage, Cong spgs
L A Sage, Congress Spgs J Levy, Pescadero
J P Summers, Paso Robles
RUSS HOUSE.
WB Hurlbert A w,S Jose V N Terot, w A d, Salinas
J F Ellsworth Aw, Pa Mrs II Ellsworth, Pa
H G Mills, New York O W Boggs, Tracey
C B Rue. San Jose J Penre, Berkeley
E Isaacsen, Elk Grove Miss E Filklns, Crescent
Mrs Winning. Crescent J W Morris, Tampa, Fla
\V P Bowen. La O Oopeland. Term
J M Brown A w, Mojave E Haney, Rossland, B C
Mrs M Allen. Wash M E Brisrjcs, St Louis
R G Sargent, Stockton \V B-.xt-r. s. in Jose
J Stevens, Placer Co J H Cummiois A w, Cal
E G Gregory, sacto J L Jackson, Healdshurg
i Mrs H A Weed, Sacto Miss I H Merritt, Sac;o
1E X Meek, Marysville G Wainwright, Sonora
I J McGulre Aw, sonora J C (.lark, Cal
E D Mead A w, Nev J D Strunk, Pa
W ••. Hinnershitz, Pa OH Wilcox Aw, S Jose
B H Mills, New York W Patterson. Cal
J M McCarthy, Vallejo J C Henry, Newark, Cal
C C Craner & w, Pt Costa N Cameron. :iau Rafael
D T Diamond, Oakland A S Ransom, Chicago
LTuubman, Ferndale J Roberts Aw, San Jose
R W Hequa, Sissons G N Wood, M D, N M
N A Howard A w, S Josel Forster, Huntin»ton
F W Garden A w, Cal A Budd, Ouden
A J Endre*, New York F Anderson, Wash
Mrs Debolt" Seattle Mrs B W Hoskini;, Nev
R A Brown, Peterville
GRAND HOTEL
E A Brldpford, Colusa a B Zane A w, Placerv
P Ruhlman, N V W X Lawrence, Vacaville
F Ro hell, Nebr H G Cressy, Nebr
W Murry. Sacramento W F Russell, >anta Rosa
O P Templeton, Cal R D Hatch, Novato
E M Williams, Xt Bragg T A Watson, i ucson
s E Hopkins, Mrs T O Hopkins, Sacto
Miss llaynolds, Sacto F Rogers, San Jose
T B Kelley, Fresno E E Cody, Kresno
Mrs L Hi us >ian, stcktn L Huteg, Holllster
| G T Rives, Cul J T Rad*r. uhio
: II WhitmHrahAw.L Ang W A McGregor. Aucklnd
T A Nolan, Portland S M Hatch, (alls
Miss H Owei.s. N V Miss E Wharf, N Y.
Mrs .Hughes, Chicago C A *murt <£ \v. Altoona
<; H Taylor. Cnico C H Stokes, Denver
I J Hall. Norwich, Conn Jde Bruyn. Detroit
i J A McDowell. N V T W Patterson. Portland
iM H Ebel, Sacramento LB Irving, Sau Antonio
J Burke, Truckeo A Radce, Fresno
T E Prusln Aw, S Jose Miss Costello, Chicago
W Mackuy Aw, Eureka J C Tice, Stockton
J s V ills, siockton W H Dore A w, Ohio
G H Thomas. Detroit H R Jacobs, N V
J B Olsen. Mayfield E Fennock. Phil*
; J H Hen.ld. Seattle Mrs Herold, Seattle
W Graham, San Mateo M Osborn Aw, Sta Cruz
I Tl: Parker &w, Napa J Clements Af. Rd Bluff
J Valentine.Middletown 1 D sijmson, Winters
A M Stevenson, Yacav Dr \V lnuli.sh, Vacaville
W G Purneli. Sacto D coiusa
H 1 Seymour, sarto Miss M Tobin, Oakland
E L Irving, Sn Antonio H W Crabb, Oakville
J Johnston & w, Oakland
When Making Fast the Flag Halliards.
"Many a light flagpole haa been ruined,'
said a rigger, "by drawing tte halliards
I down too snugly when making them fast
| after hauling down the flag. If this js
! done in dry weather and it comes on wet,
I the shrinking of the halliards thus drawn
taut to start with may be enough to bend
the pole; and if it should be left in that
way long enough the pole would be per
manently bent. Flag halliards, when no
flag is flying, should be made fast with a
little slack."
THE CALL CALENDAR.
July, 1896.
I So. Mo. To. _VV.|Th. JKr. _Sa. Moon's Phases
1234 ffMArt Quarter.
: July 2.
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 — — — — —
— ©New Moon.
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 5! Jul V 10 -
77 "m! "22" "27 ~2T -^ 3 Flm JSysiF
26 27 28 29 30 31 C?f) Full Moon.
W ■ Jnly 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
BTFAMKR | HKBTINATIOX-. | - 3AU,->. . | PIKB.
ABlancnara Oregon ports.. ) July 21. 5pm Pier 13
Doric........ China&Jarjan. July21, 3pm PUSS
Weeou Eel.Kiver..... JulyJl, 6pjj Pier 13
Truckee.... Coos Bay July21. Oceanic
Kortlca.... >«wDort ....„ Jnly'22, 8am Pier 11
Btataof Cai fortland. „.... JnlyiJ'J.lOAii Pler24
4.r»w.*...... Coos U»t.....; Ju1.v23.10am | Pier 13
Walla Walla Vic <S Pgt Una July vs. 9am ! Pier 9
MariDOsa Sydney......;. |Julv23. 2pm Oceania
!-antu Rosa. San Diego Jnly2i.llAM Pier 11
Pomona..... tiumboidiBay July24. -2ru Pier 9 '
8tP«ul_.... Newoors ...... July 26. 9am Pier 11.
Dal Mono.. Grays Haroor Jul>2B, 4pm ...... '
Bnnol........ (-trays Harbor. Juiy26,12 M Pi«r 2
Columbia... Portland .■.;;.. Ju!y27,10AM Pier
r*r»uoa... Uaulns Bar., July27, 5pm f ier 1
Cmatuia — Vic & Pet Snj July 28, 9am Pier 9
Corona San Diego..... |Ju1v28.11au I Pterll
City Sydney I Panama . : ... . Jnly28.12 m!P M S 3
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast axp'Gioditis STTBVBT TlOVt
ECI.I.KTIS' Published BY Of*ioxa£, ' >
ATTTHOBITY OP THI SBPKKISTKXDIST. i
Tuesday, July : 21. \
Ban ri5e5. ........... 6.081. M00n rises..., .
Son sets 7.29|M00n sets.. 1.29 am
Jult — 1896.
I Tlme Feet I1IE1 Feet II™ Feet T"H Feet
glL W H W v -.■■■ L W| - H ■ W
■ill 3.1M -0.9 10.40 j 4.a 5.32 a.5 8.40 —
22 4.14 —1.2 ill. 4.6 3.3B 3.5; 9.35 fi.4
23 6.00 —1.6 4.7 4.34 3. : 10.116 6,3
24 6.40 —1.4 12.64 4.8 .5.26 3.2 11.16 8.1
25 6.18—1.1 1.80 6.0 «.J6 3.1 ... . ......
H W ■>:•■-. L Wj ., H W WAV
26 0.06 6,8 6.53—0.6 2.03 6.3 7.03 2.8
27 0.52 6.4 ;7.24 -0.1 2.82 6.2 7.62 2.7
Not*— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as ; to time. The second ■ time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, . and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of , the day, except
, when there are but three < tides, 'as sometimes
> occurs. ■-■ The ■ heights given - are ■ additions *to | the
soundings on : the United ;■ States Coast , Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the - number given la aubtracUv*
from thn denth gif en by the charts. . .-
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
:■; ' «TKAMKa I - **»"* ' . I Unit
Progressist...... {Departure Bay July2X
Prosrreso "....*.'. j Seattle....... July
Alcatraz. Yaquliia Bay...... July 21
Trnclce* Uoos Bay — Ju v 21
Mackinaw ...... Twoma..;.. ............. July 21
Arajto.. •;..:..-. Coos Bay..... July21
B«m» Koia. *an Di»«to- July 22
romona.:....... HumlKJia; B»r July 23
Btfaul Newport. ..; — July '.'4
UmatlUa Victoria <* Pasret Sounu ..July 34
Columoia I'ortlana ....:.... Ioiy24
Dei None:. ..... Grays Haroor... Ju!y24
riunol ........~ univs iiarDor..... ..July24
CHv of Sydney. I Panama July -u
Farailon .....-• j Vaaulna ........... ..July
Empire.......... Portlana ...... ........•■ July 25
Orizaba......... Mexico........;. July 25
San Bern to ...... Tacoma... July 25
Crcacantdtr... I Cre«c«ac UKT- July 26
Corona ] San l)lesto~ - ..July 26
Weeoit. iSei Kiver ;..... July2tf
KurfKH.. -.. i Newport July'^8
Australia. ...■■- tlonoinm.. ■■■■■ July 28
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hyt>roobaphic Offiob. U. a N., -k
Merchants' 1 xchakok. L
San Francisco. July 20. 1893. )
The time ball ou Telegraph Hill was aroopsii
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the li!otA
meridian, or exactly at 8 ft M., Greenwich time,
■ A. F. Fechtklkr,
j MpntonVnc IT -■ > "i ' li r-».
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. July 20.
Stmr Albion, Landquist, 20. hours from Rock*
port; 220 cd., bark, ioJ'S Klmball.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 16 hours from
Navarro and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men
doclno Lumber Co. ;
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 4 days rom
Portland, via Coos Bay 60 hours; pass and mdse,
to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. 7 hours from Pigeon Point:
crew and wreckage fjom stmr Colombia, with two
scow schrs In tow.
stmr North Fork, Hansen. 26 hours from Eu
reka; pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Br ship Star or France. Ulyatt, 113 days from
London; m ise. to Girvln A Eyre.
Ship John C Potter. Meyer, 6% days from De
parture Bay: 2000 tons coal, to George Fritch.
Bark Gen Fairchild, Brannan, 11 days from
Nanalmo; 2403 tons coal, to John Rosent'eld'a
Sons.
Schr J B Leeds, Pearson. 9% days from Port
B ake:ey: 300 M ft lumber, to Puget Sound Lum
ber Co. ■ :;
Schr Arago, Stensland, 20 days from Sand Point;
80.000 coltish, 5 bbls tongues, to Lynde A Hough.
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 7 days ■ from Gray*
Harbor: 230 M ft lumber, to S E Made Lumber Co.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, 8 days from Co
lumbia River; 236 M ft lumber, to GeoE Atkinson.
CieareU.
' ' .- MONDAY, July 20.
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego: Goodall. Perkins
A Co. .
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Stmr Arcafa, Cousins, Portland; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Morrison, Liverpool;
Balfour, Guthrie A Co. . g ~ :; v" .
- v Sailed.
MONDAY, July 30t
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Hall, San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Portland.
Stmr National Cttv. Andresen, Coos Bay.
Schr J G Wall, Gallup. Eureka.
leiecraoJiic.
point lobos. July 20—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy . wind SW; velocity, 18 miles.
Charters.
The bark Alex McNeil loads lumber at Victoria
for Santa Rosalia.
*poK«n.
.
Per Br ship Star of France— Ship A G Ropes fm
New York, for San Francisco on June 12, and vtas
in company to June 17. and in company a?ain on
June 2H, and lost sight of her on June 30 In lac
11 N, long 116 W.
July 16— 39 20 N, long 131 60 W, bark Co
loma. hence July 11, for Oregon. -
Per Orion— 13— Lat 4.3 56 N, long 129 18
W. Br ship Arranmore from Cbemainus for Syd
ney. • ■■:■•■■ : ■
Per North Fork— 20, at 8 p»e, 15 miles
WNW of Point Reyes, Br ship Cedarbank, from
Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports. '
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 20— Schr Sadie, for
Umpqua. . . * - "
EUREKA— Arrived July Stmr Farallon,
hence July 19; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro:
stmr Navarro, hence July 19. • . . '. '
Sailed July 90— Sim r Excelsior for San Diego;
July 19— Stmr North Fork, for San Francisco;
strnr Farallon, for San Francisco. '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 19— Schr Cha*
R Wilson, hence June 30. July 20— Schr Orion,
hence July 1.
Sailed July 20— Schr Jennie Stella, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed July Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— sailed July 17— Bktn Monitor, for
San Francisco.
PORT TO Arrived July 19— Bkn Katie
Flickinzer, 'rom Shanghai.
TATOOSH— Passed July 19— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— July 16— Bark Alex
McNeil, for Cbemanius.
SEATTLE— To sail July 17— Stmr Progresso, for
San Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 20— Stmr AHlanca,
for Colon.
Cleared July 20— Ship May flint, for San Fran
cisco.
Foreign Port*.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jnne Yacht Coronet
from Honolulu.
Sailed July I— Br stmr Undaunted, for San
Francisco. .
ACAJUTLA— Arrived July 17— Bktn Catherine
Sudden, from Seattle. , ■ .
SHANGHAI— SaiIed June 23— Ship Eclipse, for
Hakodate.
COLON— July 18— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived July 18— Br ship Buck
ingham, from Tacoma. ■' ■ ■ ■ . .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 17— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence June 27.
DOVER— Passed Jnly 18— bark Casabona,
hence March 10, for Leith: Ger bark Cassandra.
Movement or Trin»- VMaatla 4te*-ner« v
NEW YORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Aller, fin
Bremen: stmr Kaiser Wilheim 11, from Gibral
tar .--. .::■■■■.,. , .
Sailed July 20— Stmr Christina, from Copen
hagen.
BREMEN— Arrived out July 20— Stmr Saale.
GLASGOW— Arrived out July 20— Stmr State of
California. .
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out July 20— Stmr Ems.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out July 20— Stmr
Noorge. - • . . ■
. HAMBURG— Sailed July . 20— Stmr Patrla, for
New York.
PRAWLE POINT- July 20 — Stmr
Munchen, from New York, for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Passed July 20— Stmr Alesla,
from Naples, for New York.
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard-7 pkgs cast
ings, 21 bxs typewriters. Ibx mdse. 100 cs canned
Koods, 67 pkgs household goods, 66 sks bones. 1
bbl cider, 3 bbls '£ bales scrap zinc, - 205 bales ex
celsior, 105 sks oats, 270 ska bran, 80,460 ft lum
ber. ■.-. -■•■- .-.■•■■■
Astoria— 2s bdls hides, 6M ft lumber, 4011 bdla
snooks. ' ■' :
Port Orford— l bx butter, 769 sheep. . - • ;: -- . 5 - '
MKNDOCINO— Per Point Arena— sl bdls hides
and pelts. 1 bx tobacco. 7 J M ft lumber.
. Point Arena— l firkin 1 bbl 33 bxs butter, 1 coop
chicken's. 1 scale. 4207 r r ties. '
NE\y PORT— Per Eureka— 4o bxs lemons, Ibx
m^se, 27 oxs oranges.
: East San Pedro— Bs cs canned fish, 1 pkg smoked
fish. .-"■'■:. . •:— •
Los Angeles via San Pedro— l cs dry goods, 0
pki?s screws. 1 chest tools, 1 bdl hoops.
San Pedro— 3 bxs lemons. 2cs clothing.
Hueneme — 1 grappling fork.
Carpentaria— 2o sits crawfish.
Ventura— 2B4 bxs lemons, 36 bxs oranges, 4 pkga
junk. 1 bx coffee, 6 bales seaweed, 1 keg powder, 1
cs dry goods. 286 sks beans. .
Gaviota— 2 sks sugar, 6 oxa fish, 10 sks crawfish.
12 bis wool, 9 Dales dry salt fish.
Santa Barbara— 9 bbls mineral water, 1 bale car
pets, 194 bxs lemons, 12 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— ls bxs fish, 455 sks bituminous
rock, 2233 sks barley. 290 sks oats. 1 bx paint, 1
firkin 24 bxs butter. 8 cs eggs, 2 ca cheese.
- Cayucos— 1 sk bides, 12 bxs butter, 4cs eggs, 3
coops chickens, 6 dressed calves. ..
: San Simeon— 3 tubs 22 bxs butter, 6cs eggs, 10
bales seaweed, 2 calves, 1 coop ' chickens. 4 . pkg3
household goods.' 2 cs canned woods, • Ics castings.
- A ATA— Per North Fork— 2 bxs plates, 7 ska
gluestock, 68 sks wool. 1 bale pelts. 22 bdls hides,
'i bdls furs. 12 cs mdse. 1 cs lanterns, 146 M ft
lumber. 2427 M shingles, 90 M shakes.
:J C«>n«isrn««».
* Per North Fork— Chas Nelson; Standard Oil Co;
Miller, Sloss <fc Scott: W B Stunner & Co: Christy
* Wise; H Liebes & Co: Bisslnger A Co; Carroll ■&
Carroll; Thos Denigan, Son & Co; California Glue
Works; Ajner Press Assn.
I Per Point Arena— W B Sumner Co; C D Ford;
Mendocino Lumber Co; Wilson & Baechtel; Ben
der Bros: Ross cfc Hewlett ; Wheaton, Brton <t Co;
Tillmann & Bendel; FBHaight; Llndberg & Co-
Dairymen's Union.
Per Alice ' blanchard— G Phillips: Lachman A
Jacob!: G O.Wlckson <fc Co: G<fcATTenny Pao
Vinegar Co; Thomas Loughran: Clatsop Mill Co-
N Ohlandt A Co; J Mackie: Halse, Bradford <fc Co-
Pacific Metal Works: Geo E Atkinson; a Holt A
Co; Humboldt Lumber and Mill Co; Frank Bros-
Rusa, Sanders <fc Co; G Sanguenettl; Geo wen
berg >fc Co. :: ■ . ■■'-•. . . : f -.....;.
Per Eureka— A Barbierl: Qetx Bros A Co-
F A Allen: Jacob Unna; 1. Anderson: Hills Bros-
Loeb -Heishtnau c : Baker i Hamilton; River
Express: Standard Oil Oo : ; Ross. Higgins <fc Co •
Chalx A Bernard: Labor Exchange; j D Martin
A Co; Wetmoreßros; Wood. Curtis & Co- Pacific
Coffee and .-*pice Mills; J Ivancovich & Co- pace
<fe Son ; American Union Fish Co: D Hirsch'ler- L
Berkmaer: Garcia & Maggini: Allen & Lewis-' A
£ Scatena & Co: Levl Bpieeel A Co; Sbarboro A
Co; J X Armsby A Co; A Paladini : Hawlev Bro«-
Chas Harley.fi; Co; G CamiUoniACo- California
Furniture Co: Daltonßros; Milan! A Co- Mark
Levy A Co; MT Freltas <£ Co: D E Allison Co- a
P Milling Co: H Dutard; Slnsheimer Bros- Pacific
Coast Fish Co; Thos Denigan. Son ACo Pacific
Paving Co: P Gusmani A Co; Wluel A Baker: A
HWalace; Russ, Sanders A Co ; .; Cal Bottling Co:
Western Meat Co : Brighan,. Hoppe & Co- a. E
Campbell; Hilmer. Bredhoff <S schulz- H Dutard;
F BHalght: De Bernard! & Co; ■OB Smith &Co;
Norton, Teller A Co; J Hoffman; Bissinger & Co-
Marshall, Aegean A Co; Felling, Cressy A Co: F
TJrl A Co; IJL Kirchmann & Co; Dairymen's Union;
■Wheaton, Breon A Co; Marshall & Relllv- «an
born, vail A Co; C S Whitney A <Sj ChicagoSYKES AN ANGEL
BY COMPARISON,
Ed. Marks, a Character of
Whom Dickens Dared
Not Dream.
REVEALED BY LETTERS.
Brutality and Selfishness With
out One Redeeming
Feature.
AND YET SHE LOVED HIM.
Strange Romance of Depravity Re
lated at the Inquest on
Moilie Traynor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,[
908 Broadway, July 20. |
If Charles Dickens had attended the
inquest on the remains of Moilie Traynor
-MolJie Traynor, Whose infatuation for a Worthless Lover Was Stronger Than
Her Desire for Life.
to-night he would have declared that Bill
Sykes was tit to enter the kingdom oi
heaven when compared with Edward
Marks, or Williams.
Tnere was no need of an inquest so far
as the motive or method of the young girl
was concerned, lor a cigar-box full of cor- !
respondence explained one and the empty j
poison bottle told the other. But tne law ■
demands that the jurors shall be thor- j
oughly satisfied as to (he cause of death. :
They went home more than satisfied.
The letters were all from Marks to the
dead girl, and they alternated every week
and covered a period of two years. One
would be written from Markß to Alollie
when he was in prison, the next would be
written to her when she was in a cell, and
co on.
And such letters! Not one is printable
in their entirety, but every paragraph
showed the weakness of the woman and
the brutality and selfishness of the man. i
When in jail he was full of promises oi
what he would accomplish for her when
he came out, and when in jail he wrote
long screeds of his wants and which be
wanted her to gratify, although he well
knew that such could only be done by
stealing or worse.
As the jurors read and commented on ;
the letters the writer was present. He
was brought from the County Jail to tes
tify at the inquest, hut the Coroner was
merciful. Dr. Baldwin has not served an :
apprenticeship as a Police Court shyster,
or he would have derived considerable sat
isfaction from the examination.
Through it all Marks sat unaffected.
Even the knowledge that the girl who bad i
taken her life because of his brutal threats •
lay dead In an adjoining room did not i
disconcert him.
One of the jurors read from a recent
letter written to tbe girl from Marks.
Following is one of tbe passages:
"When I come out 1 shall want some
money; also a few nice shirts and some
shoes, because I don't want to come out
broke and seedy. Also 1 want a good coat
and some socks and a couple of pretty
ties. Please send some good fat beefsteak
ia here every day and don't send any
more letters saying that you can't do it.
I don't want letter:", I want something to
eat, and if you don't I'll smash your head.
You won't go to the hospital with a sore
foot next time. You will have your head
in a sling and don't forget. Now get me
all I want or when I get out on the 27th
you'il be sorry. I've hit you before and I
guess I can do it again. "Look out. and if
you don't want me to leave you do as I
ask you and don't forget the beefsteak."
While the letter was read the lips of the
writer curled. Apparently he thought it
was very funny. Other parts of letters
showed how they lived and drank and
went to jail for battering each other dur
ing their quarrels. Every letter was a
chapter of what might be called a romance
of depravity, for every paragraph revealed
how strong a nold the man had on the
sympathy of the woman.
The jury had no trouble in arriving at a
verdict. Marks went back to jail, and the
dead girl will be buried to-morrow.
Nearly every philanthropic society that
condescends to visit jails took Mollie in
hand at one time or other, but she was
hopeless. She wa3 first jailed at 14. ~She
died at 22, and in the intervening ninnty
eix months the recordß show 139 arrests.
NO MORE SPOTTERS.
Chief Lloyd Will Use Other Means to
Got Kid of Gambling-
Houses.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— Chief Lloyd
will take a new tack to get evidence
against the gambling-houses. Heretofore
he has hired spotters who have not al
ways proved reliable. lie has issued
orders for the arrest of property-owners
who rent their property for gambling pur
poses. As »oon as a conviction of a
keeper of a gambling-house is made here
after warrants will be issued for the owner
of the place.
By this nieauß the police hope to break
up the houses entirely in Oakland. The
spotters have been so unreliable in the
past that new measures had to be re
sorted to. Recently a spotter tried to sell
his testimony to the man he was to con
vict. They are not paid a salary, but
there is an oidinance allowing them $20
lor each conviction.
TWO WILLS FILED.
The Miller Children Get All of Their
Father's Estate Except a
Few Legacies. .
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— will of
the late W. £.' Miller, who died recently
at Pacific Grove, has been filed for probate
by Mrs. Lillian M. McPike and Mrs. Nellie
R. Lutz, daughters. The will was dated
January 26, 1889, and witnessed by his
partner, W. D. Heaton, and W. B. Hardy.
The will was written by Mr. Miller per
sonally. He leaves everything to his wife
and three daughters except a few legacies.
As his wif died before hid death the prop
erty falls to the two married daughters
and Miss Mary H. Miller. His niece, Fan
nie Miller, is remembered with $1000, as is
Mary C. Hart and Elizabeth H. Berach,
both of Baltimore. Md. In a codicil bear-
I ing date of April 13. 1892, the testator di
{ rects that his wife shall have a life estate
in all of his property, gives the niece, Fan
nie Miller, $2000. and $500 each to his
nephews, William E. Miller and W. E.
Milwain. , , . .
The same parties have riled their
mother's will, which covers real estate
worth JO, OOO. This is the home on Web
ster street and property in Pacific Grove.
I Mrs. Miller died May 2 of this year.
Wants Them to Register.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— F. De-
I lainey the old political warhorse of the
j Fourth Ward, has returned from an ex
! ended trip through the Eastern cities,
! where he has been s'udying the political
I situation. He is now making a house-to
i bouse canvass among the Afro-Americana
to get them on the register. He is doing
a good work in bringing up the alow ones.
Weitzol la Located.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— The ques
tion of the Poundmaater's office was finally
settled to the satisfaction of all parties con
cerned this morning. "C. L. Weitzel,
Poundmaster; office hoars from 9 to 10
a. tt.," was the inscription nailed up in
the City Hall in a neat little nook that
will make that officer a very handy office.
It was formerly occupied by the City
Numberer.
HAD VERY LITTLE TIME,
The Board of Supervisors Rush
Through Business at a
Rapid Rate.
Over Forty Thousand Children— Me-
Killican Paid for Care Given
Mrs. Martin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 20. j
The Board of Supervisors met this morn
ing and transacted their business in just
thirty minutes. Applications for liquor
licenses were received and permits to sell
were granted. The Sheriff was requested
to arrest Bernado Po3cia and Carolina
Petri of Temescal and an unknown person
keeping a boarding-house in the quarry
near tnere for refusing to take out a
license after they had been notified.
In the case of Robert McKillican and
the county of Alameda, wherein be sued
the county for $100 aa medical fees for the
care of Mrs. Martin while taking her to
the State penitentiary, the clerk read the
j udgment, when a resolution was passed
appropriating $119 65 to pay the same and
costs.
County Superintendent of Schools J. P.
Garlick filed his report of the school
census for the year ending June 30, 1896.
According to his figures the number of
whiie children between 5 and 17 years arc:
Boys 14,141, girls 14.075; total, 28,216.
Number of negro children between 5 and
17 years of age— Boys 130, girls 125; total,
255. Number of Indian children between
5 and 17 years of age whose parents or
guardians pay taxes or do not live in
tribal relations— Boys 6. girls 5; total, 11.
Native-born Mongolians between 5 and 17
years of age— Boy a 36, girls 10; total, 46.
Total number of children between s and 17
years of age, 28,528. Number of children
under 5 years of age— White 11,445, negro
80, Mongolian 15, Indian 2; total, 11,552.
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended public schools
some time during the year, 19,711; num
ber of children between 5 and 17 years who
have attended private schools* but not
public schools during the year, 2678; num
ber of children who have not attended any
school during tbe year, 6139; native-born
children, 38,955; loreign, 1125. Total,
40.080.
Following were the bids and bidders for
the erection of a culvert over Peralta Creek
on East Fourteenth street, near Fruitvale
avenue: Healy, Tibbitts & Co., $3500;
Cotton Bros.. $2546; Johnson & Peterson,
$2894; San Francisco Bridge Company,
$2897, and Thomas R. Bassett & Bros.,
$2749. The contract was awarded to Cot
ton Bros.
The bidders for tbe copying of the great
register were H. T. Greetiough, 4% cents
per name; George Taylor, 1% cents; Rob
ert C. Beach, 2 9-10 cents, or total of $725:
Charles O. Alexander, 3 48-100 cents; Fred
John?, 2 25-100 cents; J. L. Scotcbler, first
20,000 naiues 2 4-10 cents, next 5000 names
1 8-10 cents, the balance 1 5-10 cents; J. L.
bcotcbier, second bid. first 2000 names 2 6 10
cents, next 5000 1 8-10 cents, balance 1 5- 10
cents, and Cyrus H. riurrt, $1086. No action
was taken on the bids.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
GRANTED EVERY
REDUCTION ASKED
Supervisors Save Railroad
Companies More Than
Half Their Taxes.
DALTON'S WORK UNDONE
Money, Stock and Property of
National Banks Declared
to Be Exempt.
MR. MOREHOUSE'S SYSTEM.
It Is Closely Followed Regarding the
Southern Pacific Company's
Property.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 20. J
The life of the Board of Equalization
died to-night. Three sessions were held
during the day, and the board made some
radical reductions from the figures of As
sessor Daiton.
The board had waited several days for
an opinion from District Attorney Snook
on several important points. The opin
ions were rendered this morning.
Regarding the power of the Assessor to
assess the stock oi the National banking
corporations Mr. Snook, after reciting sev
eral decisions, says:
My opinion, therefore, is that shares of tbe
capita: stock of National banking corporations
cannot, under the law, be assessed either to
the individual owners thereof or to the bank
as a corporation, and that such shares are not
in any way subject to taxation for State and
county purposes.
The assessment of shares of stuck of National
banking corporations to Euch banks could not
be upheld, for it stands to reason that in the
absence of section 3608 of the Political Code
shares of the capital stock of National banking
corporations when issued could not under any
principle ot law be assessed to tne banks Issu
ing the sane, but would and should be as
sessed, in the absence of said section, to the
owners and holders thereof.
In answer to the second question propounded
by you 1 will Kay that under the principles
hereinbefore enunciated in this opinion cash
on hand of National banks, held by such banks
in their capacity as National tank.«, cannot
be legally assessed for State and county taxes.
In answer to the third question propounded
by you my opinion is that under the la no
property of National banks can be assessed for
the purpose of taxation in this State, except
real property belonging to such banks.
The District Attorney filed another
opinion regarding the Adams protest.
This was a dispute between the Assessor
and the Adams estate regarding the man
ner of serving and riling blank statements.
Mr. Snook decided that the Assessor can
not legally make an arbitrary assessment
in such cases, and in conclusion said:
I therefore advise that under the condi
tions as presented by your third question
the board would have a right to consider
the testimony and pass upon the question, as
to whether any demand was mads of the tax
payer.
As to whether franchises should be as
sessed or not, Mr. Snook furnished the
Jollowing opinion:
If it shall appear to you by competent evi
dence admitted upon tne hearing before you
of said applications, that any or all of these
franchises have been granted by the authori
ties of this county, then and in that event I
advise you that such franchises must be as
sessed, under section 3628 of the Political
Code of this State, in this county.
it, on the other hand, it shall appear to you
by competent evidence that any or allot said
franchises have been granted by any other
authority than that of the county of Ala
meda, then and in that event I advise you
that such franchises, and each of them must
be assessed in the county in which the Contra
Costa Water Company, the corporation owning
and holding such franchises has its principal
place of business. The light to lay and main
tain water pipes in ' and to collect compensa
tion for the sale and distribution of water to
the inhabitants of a city or town or city and
county is a constitutional right, privilege and
franchise granted by the organic law of the
State.
Therefore, any right, privilege or franchise
claimed and exercised by the Contra Costa
Water Company to lay and maintain water
pipes in and to collect tolls and compensation
for the sale and distribution of water to the
inhabitants of the city of Oakland, or any city
or town within the county of Alameda, is a
right, privilege and franchise granted and
guaranteed by tne Constitution of the State of
California, and is within the meaning of sec
tion 3628 of the Political Code of the State, a
franchise granted by other authority than that
of the county of Alameda, or any city or town
within the jurisdiction of said county of Ala
meda, and jjuqJi being the same, must be as
sessed under said section 3628 of the Political
Code in the county in which the said Contra
Costa Water Company has its principal place
of business.
After hearing the opinion of the District
Attorney and a few protests the board con
cluded that it could get through with its
labors to-night and a dispatch was sent to
the State board, informing that body that
they did not wish an extension and re
tracting their application.
The board then went into secret session
and, after debating several hours, an
nounced the following as the result of
their deliberations:
fffiiStoSSsa* 1 ? road ' rednced *»"
fiß&sisfag4TO? niia road> reduced
Both of these roads are owned by the
Southern Pacific Company.
Tbe assessment on the Seventh-street lo
cal line was reduced from $125,000 to $10
--forty miles of sidetrack from $60 000 to $10*
long wharf from $250,000 to $10; West Oak
land yards from $277,250 to $171,000 and im
provements on same from $38,950 to $26 500
The depot at the mole was cut from $150 ■
000to$100,000;improvementsatlonir wharf
from $15,000 to $10,000. The sidetracks at
Kiles, lrvington and Newark were cut to
$5, as asked for, from $2200. The Berke
ley branch road was cut from $227 500 to
$20; narrow-gauge ferry depot, $30 000 to
IShTio $SJ& Centerville »»•*•» «t iE>£
The marsh lands claimed by the Pacific
Improvement Company and the Oakland
Water Front Company were not assessed
The franchise of the Contra Cosia Water
Company was reduced from $205 000 to
$45,000. The stock ana money of the Na
tional banks were stricken from the rolls
in accordance with the opinion of the Dis
trict Attorney The Piedmont and
Mountain View Railway was reduced from
$260,875 to $144,850. The franchiS
of the , Alameda Water Company
from $25,000 to $1000. The Adams
estate was set down at $304 000
as against $456,000 by the Assessor. The
Alameda and Oakland Electric Railway
from $202,100 to $168,600, Oakland Con«3J
dated Road from $229,625 to $165,845. The
Alameda Water Company of Berkeley was
reauced from $196,675^ to $130,636 and the
Oakland, San Leandro and Hay wards
Railroad was reduced from $304,900 to
$240,200. The board adjourned Binedie
just before midnight.
ELECTING NEW TEACHERS.
Collusion in the Purchase of Type
writers Charged.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20. -At the
meeting of the Board of Education to
night Professor Keyes of Portland was
elected a Latin teacher and Professor
Draper of the Oakland High School a
teacher of natural science in the Central
Grammar School. Raymond Russ was
elected to the vacancy caused by the
changing of Professor Draper.
Director Friend charged collusion in tlie
matter of purchasing typewriters. Di
rector Stark had ordered twenty when the
board ordered ten purchased, five of each
kind. Stark's order was for eighteen of
one and one each of two other makes.
Director Clement admitted that the mem
bers informally changed the number from
ten to twenty, but denied Stark's right to
change the number of the different, makes.
CITY'S PRUNING-KNIFE.
Auditor Snow Cnts Into the Estimates
jiade by the Various
Departments.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— The various
departments, in submitting their esti
mates to the City Auditor for the year's
work, have exceeded by $125,000 the sum
that could be raised by the highest tax
levy possible; that is, $1 per fIOO of valua
tion.
The Auditor finds that the actual ex
penses of the city will be $771,000, so that,
under the highest rate, there would be
152,000 left for improvements. Of this,
Chief Fair of the Fire Department wants
$3:),000. The Auditor will only allow him
$8000. Chief Lloyd of the Police Depart
ment wants twenty-five new men, but will
only get enough money for about three.
The Street Department wanted $50,000 to
repair East Twelfth street. This will be
cut in half by the city's pruner. The
library's $3000 request and that of the
Board of Education will be allowed to
stand. The High School Board will be
$5000 short.
Jeter Is Confident.
OAKLAND, Cal, July 20.— Acting Lieu
tenant-Governor Jeter of Santa Cruz was
in Oakland to-day. When spoken to in re
gard to the mandamus suit brought by
John Lynch, the Republican nominee for
the office he now holds, Mr. Jeter said he
was well pleased with the gentleman's
action. Mr. Lynch's suit is to mandamus
the Governor to issue a call for the elec
tion of a person to fill the position made
vacant by the death of Mr. Millard. Mr.
J«ter declares that he has no fear aa to the
outcome of the case. The motion comes
up for a hearing in August, and will settle
the question in the courts.
Ready to Answer.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— Mrs. Mary
Wagner, who shot Amanda Calloway
some time ago, was in the Police Court
this morning. She pleaded not guilty
and wanted an examination set for the
earliest date possible.
Attorney Oglesby represented her and
on a suggestion from the prosecuting at
torney accepted next Monday for the date.
Mrs. Calloway is improving gradually
and will soon be out of danger.
Railroad Tax Case Dismissed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— District At
torney Snook to-day dismissed the suit
against the Southern Pacific Railroad for
taxes of 1891. The company has effected a
settlement, and on request of the Attor
ney-General ibis action was taken.
FREE, BUT INCOMPETENT
The Adams Divorce Case Is
Terminated by a Sudden
Compromise.
All Evil Suggestions Expurgated
From Both the Complaint
ani Answer.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 20. J
The Adams divorce case is ended. Fred
Adams' relatives declared that he was in
competent and Mrs. J. Isabelle Potter is
believed to have received a sum of money
not less than $5000.
An amended answer and an amended
complaint were hied to-day and Judge
Frick attended to them as soon aa they
were filed, as counsel for botn sides were
on hand and anxious to end the case.
The amended complaint was an expur
gated edition of the former one. It asked
that the marriage be annulled on tbe
ground that Fred Adams was mentally in
competent and was under age when he
contracted that hurried marriage with
Miss Anita Day at Martinez in July of
last year. It did not cast any reflection on
the lady and 9polte of no "conspiracy" or
"plot" or "design," and did not even hiat
that Mrs. Adams mi^ht be an adventuress,
as was formerly claimed. It waa a neat
little document — the prayer of an incom
petent boy to be relieved of his wife.
The amended answer did not repeat the
history of the experience at wine-suppers
and other places to show that he was fully
competent. It merely answered the com
plaint in legal terms, and did not cast any
reflections on the lad.
When the case came before the court
J. E. Adams, P. S. Aaarasand J. C.Adams
all took the stand and testified that at the
time of tbe marriage, and for some time
prior thereto, the plaintiff, Fred Adame,
was incapable of distinguishing between
right ana wrong, and was not of legal age
to consent to his own marriage, and that
the consent of his guardian had not been
obtained to the marriage. On these
grounds they claimed that tbe marriage
was null and void.
The defense put no witnesses or. the
stand, and the court signed the decree as
prayed for.
Mrs. Adams arrived in Oakland from the
East last week and announced that there
would be no compromise. To-day's devel
opments prove that she was quickly in
duced to change her mind, and the
amount of the inducement is variously
stated.
HORSE AND BUGGY LOST.
They Were Hired From a Berkeley
Livery Stable on Saturday.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 20.— H. M.
Waterbury has lost a horse and buggy
and is diligently looking for the man who
hired them.
The animal and vehicle were taken from
Mr. Waterbury 's stable last Saturday
morning by an individual named Carpen
ter, who claimed to be about to do some
collecting for H. H. Scott & Co.
The man did not return on Saturday
evening and Waterbury became uneasy.
To-day the liveryman discovered that
Carpenter is unknown to the firm he
claimed to represent and the police were
placed on the track of the missing
property.
Carpenter is said to be wanted in San
Jose for a similar offense.
Store Trouble for Mr. Woods.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 20.— Mrs. Dr.
Woods, who gained much notoriety last
week by cowhiding her divorced husband
and afterward threatening to shoot him,
has prepared a petition asking him to turn
over to her the house in which be resides.
Mrs. Dr. Woods claims that the house
was purchased with her earnings, and is
asking residents of South Berkeley to sign
her strarue petition.
Dr. O'Neill, a resident of Ashby avenue,
says that the angry woman has also
threatened to shoot him, holding him re
sponsible in some way for her troubles.
Thieves at Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 20.— Residents
of the outskirts of Berkeley are making
complaint of the annoyance caused by
petty thieves and mischief-makers.
The residence and grounds of Dr.
O'Toole. at North Berkeley, were visited
last aight and a set of silver house num
bers were stolen from his door. A num
ber of valuable flowers were taken from
the garden of Dr. O'Tooie, who is an en
thusiastic floriculturist.
W. H. Sniythe of Encinal avenue has
suffered from similar depredations. The
work of the thieves has led to agitations
for more police protection and more dep
uty marshals will be asked for.
JOE HERRSCHER
IN DIRE STRAITS,
The Foundation of His Po
litical Throne Is in
Danger.
ALL OVER A JANITOR.
Four Candidates for the 0 fica
and All Backed With a
Push.
CERTAIN OF THREE ENEMIES.
Each of the Four Hopes That the
Others Will Behold the Glassy
Stare.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 20. j
School Trustee Joseph Herrscher of San
Leandro is in trouble. The little reaction
of spirit that he experienced a couple of
weeks ago, when he was forced to reduce
his bid for County Infirmary supplies a
couple of thousand dollars before it was
awarded him, is as nothing compared
to the perplexing question that now con
fronts him.
Mr. Herrscher has to name a janitor for
the San Leandro schoolhouse and there
are four candidates, each with a pull or a
push. The decision of the matter means
political life or death to Mr*Herracher.
It strikes at the very root of his greatness,
which is, of course, popularity.
For many years School Trustee Herrs
cher has been a king in San Leandro poli
tics. He has shown himself 10 be a leader
of no mean ability and undoubtedly has
carried about tn his vest pocket the entire
vote of a majority of the electorate of his
town.
So long as he stayed at home Mr. Herr
scher could have anything political that he
wanted. He has been Town Treasurer
and Town Trustee and School Trustee and
never met defeat till be measured his
strength in the whole county for County
Treasurer, lie then came in third in a
race of three.
School Trustee Herrscher of San Leandro Is Tottering on His Political Throne.
Four Humble Petitioners Want to Be Janitors and There Is But One Public
School. "Joe" Must Decide Between Them and Make Three Enemies.
At the present time Mr. herrscher can
not afford to lose any political allies. He
would rather annex a few more outsiders
and stiffen a few who may be wavering.
Yet he knows that to whichever one of
the quartet he awards the privilege of
dusting and sweeping the public school
the other three will get out their little
political tomanawks and sharpen them
ready for the next time he appears before
the voters.
Mr. Perry is one of tbe candidates. He
is a past presidont of the Portuguese
union and a leader among a certain ele
ment of his countrymen.
A. J. Lucas, another aspirant to be jani
tor, is the political leader of Orchard
avenue.
J. H Chipman Is another candidate and
has Ions; taken an active interest in Re
publican politics.
Mr. Bailey is the incumbent and he
wants to succeed himself. He is al»o in
dorsed by several leading citizens.
Between these four Mr. Herrscher must
decide, and in deciding the janitorship he
will largely decide his political fate in tbe
future.
Tue position should have been filled last
weeit, but Trustee Herrscher did not care
to assume the responsibility, so the matter
was postponed and is yet a burning ques
tion in the little town. The matter is be
ing discussed on the street and in the
language of fellows of the baser sort each
one of the quartet is hoping the other
three will feel the marble heart and ex
perience the hopeless stare of the glassy
eye of School Trustee Herrscher.
FLEMING'S INJUNCTION.
The Case Decided in Favor of
the City by Judge
Frick.
Political Equality Club Has a Sue
cessful Meeting — City Trustees
in Short Session.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 20.— Judge FrieS
has decided the injunction suit of John T.
Fleming et al. against the city of Alameda
in favor of the city. He has also granted
a writ of mandamus in the suit of A. L.
Fish against the City Treasurer, who re
fused the payment of $10,000 to Fish on
warrants ordered drawn in his favor on
the city treasury by the Trustees. The
full text of hib decision has not yet been
made public. The City Trustees and the
Municipal League members are more
than pleased at the dissolution of the in
junction and the inference that the people
have the right to manufacture a nd pro
Tide themselves with public necessities.
Political Eg lality Clnb.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 20.— The Politi
cal Equality Club met this afternoon in
the parlors of Mrs. E. A. Smith, 1825
Alameda avenue, under the direction of
its president, Mrs. C. S. Wood. The at
tendance at the meetings is increasing,
forty ladies being present to-day. Mrs.
Nico Beck-Meyer, a native of Denmark,
who represented her country In the
women's building at the World's Fair and
who is now one of the faculty of Mills
College, delivered an interesting address
on tbe comparative state of woman suf
frage in this country and her native land.
She pointed out how in this country it is
only the intelligent, well-educated women
who wish the ballot, while in her country
it is the laboring woman who is carrying
on the enfranchising movement. This
was explained by the attitude of the Gov
ernment and by the fact that free speech
is denied to the people and press and that
competition is harder and keener in Den
mark than in America.
Mrs. Ida H. Harper, president of the
State press committee, gave an interesting
account of the work achieved by tbe press
in forwarding the movement, and what
noble work TrtE Call had done for women
when it came out boldly and espoused
their cause without solicitation.
CUy Trustees' Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 20.— Only a bare
quorum was present at the regular meet
ing of the City Trustees this evening. Ac
counts amounting to $3718 20 were passed
for payment. Schomberg's and Dunleavy's
applications for licenses to sell liquor were
granted. The application of M. Debretfor
a saloon license was postponed for one
week. The consideration of the opening
of Versailles avenue was postponed until
August 10.
Brevities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 20.— Mrs. Ryer,
who was sole legatee of A. C. Mathison
under his wili, has been appointed execu
trix without bonds. The estate is valued
at $7500.
The final accounts in the estate of Aus
tin B. uelanoy were filed to-day. The
father, F. N. Delanoy, receives $1600, and
tbe mother, who has assigned her share
to her two children, the same.
Mrs. Margaret A. Way, aeed 67 years,
died yesterday morning at the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Edwin W. Maslin,
1826 San Jose avenue. Her remains were
shipped to Sacramento this afternoon for
intermsnt. Mr. Maslin, who with his wife
accompanied the remains, was a former
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion.
L. B. Hardwicke of the Fruitvale Jersey
Dairy had an experience with a balky
horse this morning. When crossing the
railway track at Fruitvale the horse de
clined to go any further. Its owner got
out and made various efforts to induce
him to get off the line. In the midst of
them the 1 a. m. freight train came bowling
along and hit the wagon, leaving the horse
intact, knocking the wagon and the full
milkcans all over the place.
Rudolph Mattern, an employe of B.
Egenberger of the Palace Bakery, Park
street, has disappeared. He borrowed $34
in a month lrbm his feliow-workmen,
gathered in bills belonging to his em
ployer and then levanted.
ALAMEDA IS INTERESTED.
The Kxpnuuion Will Be Assisted by
Public-Spirited Citizens.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20.— The follow
ing self-explanatory letter has been re
ceived by the managers of the Oakland
Exposition, which will open two weeks
from to-day :
Office of the City Clerk of Alameda, )
July 13, 189 G. j
George Kooth, Secretary Oakland Exposition,
Oakland, Cal. — Dear .sir: Your communica
tion of the 7th inst., regarding nn Alameda
day at the Oakland Exposition, has been
handed me by the Hon. J. V. Forderer, presi
dent ol the Board of Trustees of Alameda, with
instructions to select a good working commit
tee of our citizens wno will give some of iheir
time and energy toward the success of such a
day and also to the exposition in general.
It is his desire that I should express to you
his friendly feeling and good will, find his
wishes and hopes that your exposition may
turn out to be a grand success, a benefi t to the
city of Oakland and to the county Rt larj-e,
ami reflect glory and something more sub
stantial upon the public-spirited men who are
at its back.
A committee, consisting of the following
well-known and hustling citizens, has been
selected after a personal interview with each
of them:
Thomas A. Smth, J. A. Munroe, J. H. Denise,
T. C. .Daniels, James Travers, Joseph E. Barber,
Dr. Thomas Carpenter, Arthur G. Burns, E. U.
Mcl>ona!d, S. Ptephensou, Peter Perata, F. L.
Volberg, T. F. Steinmetz, J. W. Harbourne. A.
V. Clark, Adam Heberer, George R. Miller. A.
Hooker, A. R. Denbe. Frank \V. VVoodrum.
Tbis committee will be pleased to meet with
a committee from your city on Wednesday
evening, July 22, at 7:30 o'clock, at the Ulty
Hall, Alameda. Yours,
Ben F. Lamborn, City Clerk.
Dr. t'oyle Coming Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 20. -Word has
been received that Rev. 11. F. Coyle, pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church, will
be home about the" first of the month.
Rev. Dr. Hallock, who is visiting Mills
College, will supply the pulpit until his
return.
WHIST PLAYING IN AMERICA.
"Cavendish" .Surprised by the Skill
Widespread in This Country.
Henry Jones, the Englishman who is
known to whist players all over the world
as tne court of last resort under the name
of Cavendish, came to New York a few
days ago to attend the whist congress at
Mannattan Beach. He has had opportu
nities before to study the skill of Ameri
cans in the game that interests him so
deeply, and his opinion of them is inter
esting. Cavendish says that whist is more
studied here and the general run of play
ers are more proficient than in England.
"On my first visit," he says, "I met players
as they came, and I will confess that on
more than one occasion I suspected that
the beat men that could be found bad been
selected to meet me. I was much aston
ished to learn that this was not the case,
./faction Sales
CRAS. LEY? & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday July 21, 1896,
At 10 o'clock A. if. at Salesrooms, -
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
' Wl WILL SK[. I.
ELKGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
Carpets. Bedding, Stoves, Ranges, etc.
CHAS. LEVY <fe CO.. Auctioneers.
because it is exceptional to meet at a card
table in our English club four good play
ers — men who understand American leada
or any of the modern refinements of the
game. The average Englishman is con
tent to play his game a* it is handed down
to him by his grandfather, while the
American opens his mind at the top and
is content with nothing which his observa
tion does not commend to him as being
the best: he is always seeking to im
prove."
This high praise of- American players
from a recognized authority probably will
surprise many people who" have taken it
for granted that England was the home of
scientific whist. Whist has been devel
oped here by American methods, and one
of the players who are nere to attend the
present congress is a woman who supports
herself by teaching scientific whist to
classes in cities. — New York Sun.
— — • — * — •
The Colosseum in Rome could accom
modate 80,000 spectators. It was in tbe
form of an ellipse; its longer diameter,
615 feet; the shorter diameter, 510 feet.
f~\< Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i\ J>|NSlt }1 ;^/ EAKXYST ' Established
a V,' 1554 treatment of Private
S^SSf*^ 81 ™- Established
in ISS4 for the treatment of Private
X **tkrf&t& Disease s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
?S HSrak^ rtiseaspwearingonbodyandmlndand
S^ SkUS Wi MUn Diwases. The doctorcures when
!«raWissi2. thersfall - Try him. Charges low.
•^FllTlHrfiaiiTll V nrf» I 1111 l lIUII I ll Pnllrirnrrira
[ OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMER 3 WILL SAIL FROM ,B*o
0 Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as «aa»
follows: "
For Mary Island. Lortn*, Wran^al. Juneau. KII-
-llsnoo ana Sltta (Alaska), at, U a. it, July 3, 13,
XOl «M. All . *J, -. U, 127.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C". Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, A nacortes and New
Whatcoin (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. JC
July a, <*, 13, 18, 38, 28, ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. 11., at Tacoma with N. P. a. R_
at Seattle with O. N. By., at Port Townaend wall
Alaska steamers. .
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landloz (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m.. .hi .i, 8, I*l,
*16 20. 24, ■_'•> and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East 3aa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. v.. July
8, 6. 10. 1 1, IH, an, 26, 30 ana every toarta day
thereafter.
For SanDleoo, stopping only at Port Itarfori
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 1 1
a. m., Juiy .">. 8. 12. 16, 20, 24, 2S ana every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, tii
Faz and Guaymaa (Mexico), str. Orizaba, 10 a. M.,
Ju 1 •■ Sana 25th «f each month thereafter.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel. 4, New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gem Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
ASTORIA INDPOfiTLANtt
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sail* July 27, August 6 18
Bute ot California sails.. July 22, August 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Whart (Pier 24) at 10 a. jc.
UOODALL PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts
*'. X CONNOR, General Ann-
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl ■»
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. JUAKIPO-SA sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 23.
at 2 p. jc.
a s. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. August 4, at 10 a. it. Special party rates.
Line to COOLOAHDIK, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
i D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
COHPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH ill in
\J Rl ver. foot of Morton st. Traveler* by -fe!lS?£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway auj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116.
I. A TOURAINE. Capt. Santelli.. . .May 2s, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 28, 8 A. it
LA GASCOUNE...... Ju. c 20, 7 a. m.
I.A SOKUaKDIis....... July 4, 6 a. M.
LA GA6OOGNK July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE August 1, 5 a, jc
LA BOUROOONE. Capt. Leboeuf. ..Tune 6, 7 a. m.
■tar i"or further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bow!i n£r Green, New York.
X F. FUQAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
jLVfiflue, San Francisco.
FLIIT & CO
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. ......WM. H. MACY
Amesbury, Master.
■ - " FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper 5hip. ...... .... ..'... A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master. ■
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT & CO., 68 Broad
street. New York.
Consignees In San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
6 CO., 22 California street.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAJf.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >S«BW
fortnightly for the West Indies and &Imß
Southampton, calling en route at - Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of ladintr, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. '
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class, $97 50. For further particulars apply to
PARI'.OTT & CO., Agents.
-■ - ■ rtr>«! Ciii'-Yirnia wt.
*3H*fcK DAMBURG-AMERICAJ LOS
ijHBfBBHS- TWIN-SCKEW EXI'RK.-id
•5335=5E2a&55H Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, i'arts & Hamburg.
F. Bismarck. ...July 23 I A. Victoria... Augun 13
Normannla — August 6 I F. Blrmarck. August 20
I. Cab., $75 and upward; 11. Cao., $45 and uDward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4i 3 h.. free of charga.
by special train: CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6v4 h.
For passage apply Hamburg- am kkican- Un
37 Broadway, N. \ ., or to KAHN & HER ZOO,
Agents. 401 California at.. San Francisco, Cat.
WHITE STAR USE. '
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BKTWEKJT '.
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVEKV "VVISiSK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- 'jgrrfL:
\J ing to steamer and accommodations fcJifeSsf
selected ; second cabin, $i 2 60 and Si. . 0; Majenuc
an! -Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. a VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the'
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. 1 O.W.FLETCHER,
. . : General Agent for Pacific Coast.
— — — — -— : _
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6P. M. Daily. reign t, received up
- to 130 P. J4. ;- :•■-■ _. "
IS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAJtIKK!]:
T. C. Walker. - • J. D. Peters,
Mary (inrrutt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. Cai. Nay. and lmpu Co
-+-r- ; . -. ..-.. ... ,
fALLEJO, MARE ISLAND. *SBHCU, POET
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o *. ~K>
and 4 T. X. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. it., 3:30 P. Mi
■ '. ■ Sunday— 3 ,p. n. - •
HAM- only.
lAndtng, lUmlob 1. Pi«r •>
! FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS & SWA CRUZ
QTEAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10 a.m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7p. st (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and Alviso.
60c: to San Jose, 75c. - Clay at, Pier 1. 20 W.
banta Clara St., San Jose.
1314
CORPORATIONS GET
BIG REDUCTIONS,
The Local . Equalization
Board Completes Its
Labors.
BANK VALUATIONS STICK
The Market-Street Company's
Assessment Reduced Half
a Million.
GAS COMPANY WELL TREATED.
A Million Knocked Off Its Franchise
and Twenty Thousand Off
Improvements. *
The Board of Supervisors finished its
work as a Board of Equalization yesterday,
after a continuous session of over five
hours. 1 Besides acting upon a number of
applications of individual property-owrJer3
for reductions the board passed upon the
assessments of the banks and corpora
tions. The assessments of the banks'
property was allowed to stand as fixed by
the Assessor, while most of the corpora
tions were granted substantial reductions.
The banks will probably seek redress in
the courts for what they deem exorbitant
assessments, so a still lurther reduction in
the City and County assessment-roll may
be made.
Before deciding upon the applications of
the corporations the following reductions
were allowed by the board:
Patrick Holland, $16,050 to $12,400; Mar
gßr->t Koch, $1400 $1000; Charles Ashton>
$64,600 to $51,000; John W. Quick, $3500 to
$2500; ClausSpreckels, $338,800 to $303,300;
B. Pedtocini, $600 to $300; Elizabeth 1. Joy,
$7861 to nothing; C. H. Westphai, $6800 to
$5300; Sarah Miller, $2800 to $'J5OO; Michael
O'Connor, $590 to $500; Elizabeth Flyun,
$900 to $750; .Bridget Mulharen, $3000 to
$2750; J. Gascon, $6000 to $5500; Jane Duff
estate, $1600 to $1-00 ; James McDonald, $750
to $500; Thomas Keboe, $550 to nothing; Jo
seph P. Mulhall, $1200 to $900; Ida E. Coles,
$2000 to $1750; E.ieii Lyons. $2000 to $1500;
Philiippena inhere, $18,300 to $15,800; A.Me-
E!roy.s3soo to $2750; Josephine Aubrey, $200
to $100; K. Fiuley, $3000 to $2500; C. F.
Winsiow, $9000 to $6000; Da.iel Dineen,
$3000 to $2300; Margaret McGiffin. $1750 to
$1250; LiLy K. Brooks, $400 to $300.
James McDonald made a spirited speech
in askine for a redaction on the assess
ment of his humble dwelling from $750
to $500. "Your Honor," s_id. he, address
ing Supervisor Taylor. "I was working on
the water front tour years under Mark
ham, but when James Budd came into of
fice I was hrea. And I'll say right here,
gentlemen, that I was li hun*; for my
country while Budd was getting his edu
cation at the expense of the State." Mc-
Donald's Bryanic oratory was not unavail
ing and Ihe reduction was granted.
Attorney Pillsbury, representing the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph Company,
asked for a reduction on the assessment of
the company's franchise Irom $700,000 to
$300,000. The application was denied, and j
the Assessor's estimate, which is $300,000
greater than last year's valuation, was al
lowed to stand.
The Spring Valley Water Works'
application for a reduction from
$2,500,000 to $1,500,000 in its assess
ment was at first denied, and the
Assessor's figures were allowed to
stand, in spite of the recommendation
made by the Grand Jury that the assess
ment be raised. Assessor Siebe declared
that he had assessed the water company
in the same way he had assessed other
corporations — assessing the stock at one
half its market value and leaving out the
bonds. This was the basis used by the
board in determining the water rate 3 for
the present year. According to the appli
cation made by the company, it has no
franchise assessable by the board, and its
representative declared the matter would
be taken into the courts if an attempt were
made to assess the franchise.
A motion of Supervisor Hughes to grant
a reduction of $1,000,000 was passed by the
following vote: Ayes— Hughes, Wagner,
Morgenstern, King, Benjamin, Scully and
Duuker. Taylor was the only one voting
against the reduction, v.'hicn, if granted,
he declared, would necessitate the grant
ing of reductions to all the other corpora
tions.
The assessment of the Edison Light and
Power Company wr.s considered next.
The company had applied for a reduction
from $700,000 to $250,000. A moiion was
made by Hughes and seconded by Ben
jamin reducing the assessment to $500,000,
and was carried.
City Attorney Creswell, who had been
requested by the board to submit an
opinion in regard to the bank assessments,
appeared before ti.; board and staled that
owing to the press of other business be had
been unable to look the matter up, and that
the members of the board would have to
act upon their own judgment.
Deputy Assessor Herzer interrupted the
deiibera'ions of the ooard to protest
against the wholesale reductions Deing
made in the assessments of the corpora
tions, "ff the assessments of these cor
porations are reduced," he declared, "the
State Board of Equalization will surely
raise the assessments of this City 30 or 40
per cent. "
Considerable discussion ensued over the
assessment of the Market-street Railway
Company. The Assessor had raised the
company's assessment from $3,800,000 to
$5,t>ii3,584 and the company had asked a
reduction to $1,183,000. On the other
hand A. J. Clunie had asked to have tin? j
assessment raised to something like $17,
--000,000. Siebe explained the raise he bad
made in the corporation's assessment on
account of the seventy miles of road
which the company hasconstructed dur
ing the past year.
This year's assessment of the company
exceeds last year's by some $700,000.
Benjamin moved that a reduction of $1,000,
--000 be made, thus making a net reduction
oJ about $300,000 on last year's valuation.
Deputy Assessor Herzer and Chairman
Taylor again protested against the reduc
tion.
Benjamin did not know whether the re
d net ion should be made on the franchise
or partially on the personal property of
the corporation. Hughes, in answer to
Benjamin's query, stated that he had not
decided how it should be done. "Then
the railroad didn't direct you how the
matter should be done?" "No," replied
Hu hes, "if they bad yon would have got
your instructions, too." "I dare say I
would," replied Taylor.
Benjamin's motion was amended by
Hughes, making a reduction of $500,000,
instead of $1,000,000. The amended mo
tion was carried by the same vote as the
motion to reduce the Spring Valley's as
sessment, Benjamin, Hughes, King, Wag
ner, Morgenstern, Scully and Dunker vot
ing aye, and Taylor voting against the
reduction.
Taylor expressed the opinion that the
work beiiu: done by the board was illegal,
as it was already past 12 o'clock, the hour
set by law for the closing of the board's
deliberations. The other members of the
b ard tboucht differently, however, and
the work of reducing assessment* went
merrily on.
A reduction from $35,000 to $15,000 was
granted the San Francisco Gas Company
on its improvements. The request of tne
company for a reduction from $618,270 to j
$371,000 on its real estate was denied. On
Ben jnmin's motion a reduction of $1,000,000
on its franchise, reducing the assessment
Irom $1,883,700 to $583,700, was granted by
the usual vole, Taylor's being the only
negative vote.
The Geary-street Railroad's application
for a reduction from $119,830 to $60,000 on
its personal property and the striking out
of the assessment of $250,000 on its fran
chise was denied, although Benjamin fa
vored a reduction. The application of the
Mutual Electric Light Company asking
that the $50,000 assessment on its f ran
cbiae be stricken from the assessment-roll
was also denied.
The board proceeded next to consider
the assessments of the various banks.
C airman Taylor wished to defer action
until an opinion should be received from
the City Attorney. Kine thought that
the Assessor's riuures should not be inter
fered with by the beard, and he moved
that the bank assessments should stand as
made by the Assessor. The following
banks are affected by the board's refusal
to grant reductions : Bank of British Co
lumbia, London and San Francisco,
Crocker-Woolworth, Nevada, Pacific Coast
Savings Society, California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, Firat National and
Wells-Fargo.
Clerk Kussell announced to the board
that R. N. Beamer of the State Board of
Equalization had informed him that the
action of the local board in reducing as
sessments of property south of the park
was invalid and that no reduction could be
made except upon application to the
board, as provided for in section 3674 of
the Political Code. Furthermore, Beamer
had declared the Assessor had no power
to apply for such a reduction and could
not strike off assessments on improve
ments which had been in existence on the
rirst Monday in March, but which had
been subsequently destroyed by fire. The
communication from the State board was
ordered placed on the record.
At 2:15 o'clock, after sitting continu
ously for over five hours, the board ad
journed as a board of equalization, to
meet fifteen minutes later as a Board of
Supervisors.
NOTICE OF M__TL\Ua,
jjSp CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, m.
IS^e' R. A. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- A
DAY) EVENING, July2l, at 7:30 o'clock. Vjf
Stated meeting and M. M. degree. By order f^yy
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
BrrS 1 * PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND 0
&^»' A M., 121 Eddy St., meets THIS A
EVENING, at 7:30 o clock. D. 2. '_f 3P
GEORGE PKNLINGTON, Bee. /V'
&5S 3 GOLDKN GATE LODGE NO. 30, ft
tt-* s^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING, July 21, at 7.30 "Ttjf
o'clock. D. 3., GEO. J. HO BE, Sec. r^r\
Bp_f= FRANCO-AMERICAN < sS^3iifZ~
i*^y Lodge No. 207, I. O. o. F. Of-^B^_!__
fleers and members are requested to
attend the next meeting on THURS- '•WIW *
DAY, July itS, at 8 o'clock p. _. for initiation.
Members of sister lodges are cordially invited.
A. LEON AURADOU. N. G.
R. Lavigxe, Secretary- i
special, NOTICES.
"DR.". ALFRED 'pERRY HAS RE-
tt^-*^ moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones its., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st.
KSS 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m+&r collections made, city or country. Pacific
'Collection Co.. 415 Montgy su. room 6. Tel. 6680.
i«P^s=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS—
Jg-^ ■ WEEKIV CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WA.NTEL*— FEMALE.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WITH A CHILDIDE-
\J sires situation; best references: $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
T ADIES INTENDING TO ENGAGE SER-
XJ vants will find it 'to their ad\antage to call or
send their order where pains are taken to supply
you with reliable help. For servants of any na-
tionality call or send to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
312 Suiter su
p rThaNSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
\J . furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, obone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
MRS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
i-'-L only first-class female hep furnished. ,
V YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, TO DO HOUSE-
work. 600 Halght st.
ITUATION WANTED AS APPRENTICE TO
CJ tailor: $1 50 or $2 per week. Call or address
-36 Minna st. •
y OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
-1 housework. Call or address 60 Freelon st.
THIRST-CLASS ENGLISH PROTESTANT IN-
X font's nurse or sick person's nurse. F. S., 1606
California st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN TO DO KITCHEN
VJ work in restaurant or boarding-house; thor-
oughly understands her business; $10 month and
room. Call 653 Folsom St., bet. Second and Third.
t>Pr;CTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day washing. ironing or housecleaning;
best of city references; good washer and lroner.
Inquire teasiore, 203 Fourth st.
OOD LAUNDRESS WIsHES SITUATION-
city preferred. Call 9to 12, 1085 Howard st.
KESPEC TABLE WOMAN WISHES POSITION
to work by the week; sleep home. Call or ad-
dress 27 Fell st. ' :
/ 'OMPj.T_NT SECOND GIKL WITH THK
\J best of references desires a situation. 1016y 2
Larkln
pEKMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
VJ do upstairs work or cooking and light house-
work; give, references. Call 205 Chestnut su
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
\J situation as cook and laundress: city or coun-
try; good referen.es: ' has worked in German lam-
illes. Address G. F., box 114. Call office.
"V OUNG GIRL WISHES TO TAKE CARE OF
X a baby: sleep at home. 424% Clementina st.
DEFINED YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE
-It a good home with a nice family as companion,
seamstress or housekeeper, city or country; small
compensation expected. Address J. B. H., box 51.
this office.
A' OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X taking cash, either in restaurant, hotel or any
respectable business, or a copyist in the same.
Please address _____ box 48. Call office.
| GERMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE DAY
VJ washing, ironing and housecleaning. Piease
call 130 Second st.
Oman wants A situation; LIGHT
'• housework or chamber-work : a home more of
an object than bie wages; city or country. Apply
737 Howard su. room 62. '...■■ . .
pOMPETK.NT WOMAN, MIDDLE-AGED, IS
\J a fine Southern and French cook; will work in
a first-class family or summer resort; city or coun-
try. 749 Howard st.
OUSEWORK AND PLAIN COOKING BY A
steady young woman; can milk a cow- is
kind to children. D. L., 746 Mission si., near
church.
GIRL, AGE 15, DESIRES TO TAKE CARE OF
chl.dren and assist with housework. Address
14 Isis St., off Twelfth. ..
/ 'l OOD GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
VJ eral housework or cooking. Please call at 813
Filbert st.
OUNO FRENCHWOMAN WISHES SITUA-
X lion as cook; German or French preferred
Address MISS BLANCHE, 110 Six. h sU, rm 10.
IV' IDOW WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
' » keeper or plain sewing, or work of any kind.
Call at 1.6 Fourth St., room 17, first floor.
S WKDISH |GIKL RECENTLY ARRIVED
irom the old country wishes a situation to
assist in housework. Call at 3 12 Twenty-ion
» MERICAN WOMAN, MIDDLE - AGI^D,
A wants housework: fond of children; neat,
Ciean worker; wages $15 to $18; no less. Call or
sena to MRS. R., 1231 Market su. -. ■ ■ . ,
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
O on; general housework or kitchen work. 439
Third st. . ;:--_;
ADY WISHED A SITUATION TO DO WASH-
ing or housecleaning by the day. 411 Polk st.
IDDLK-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion to do housework or take care of children;
terms moderate. -2108 Powell St., bet. Cnesmut
aud Francisco.
U/OMAN WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK;
»' good cook; city or country: wages reasonable:
call lor 3 days. 369 Jessie su, nr. Fifth.
GIRL WISHES TO DO «h__*_B-L HOUSE-
work ; is willing and obliging; good reference.
Call at 653 Folsom st. • •■ -
OY MIDDLE-AGED, . GERMAN-SPEAKING
J-» nurse to tak^ charge of children. Address
Nurse, box 6. Call Office, Oakland. ■ . r - s
OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE AS SKC-
•J. ond girl or to do general housework; first-class
reference. An. or call 1369Peraita st., Oakland.^
/ -i OOD DRESSMAKER WISHKB SITUATION
1 T h IO « d 0 famil y sewing and will assist with any
kind of housework.. Apply 1835 Howard sU .-•*..
L-IKST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
X gageme.its by the day or lake work home;
terrus $160 day; suits from. $ > up. 2619^. Fol-
sum su J * .
pOLORE- WOMAN WISHKS PLACE TO DO
\J general housework: good cook. Call 315 sutler.
y OUNG LADY,' UNIVERSITY GRADUATE"
X desires a position as private secretary or any
kiuu ot office work; Kngllsn, German and French:
highest reference*. K. il., box 13, Call office.
V OUNG GIKL, 17 - YEARa, Wl.,M_B To DO
Jl liKht housework or care for children. 8 - 14
Utah st., Potrero.
niIE!,BMAKE« >'ROM NEW YORK WANTS
m^dy si lBdiel! nouses by the aay or at home.
ova i-.diiy st.
yOUNG GERMAN ] GIKL WANTri SITUA-
,f,» o "": 1 ? respectable family for upstairs work.
Call 934 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD MIND CHII^
I*l dren by the day or do light housework: sleep
home. Call 1217 Green street. • ■ ' - p
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
SITUATIONS AVAJf TED— Continued.
TN^TELLIciENT YOU N G -& W 1 to * GIRL
I X wishes : situation •. for; general' housework in a
small family. • Please > call or address Humboldi. ■
House, 1309 Stockton su
77-RMAS girl desirks position IN
VI private family ; Is able to take full charge of
general housework. Call .at 1619 V* Howard;
i downstairs. . . .
•\f IDDLE-AGED WOMAN DESIRES A SITU-
i'l ation to do cooking or general hous.work;-
no objection to country. 2415 Clay st.
I-URST-CLASS DRE>SMAKI DONE BY
the day, week or month: city or country.' Ad-
dress S. R.. box 57, Call Office.
pOM PI-TENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with a child wishes housekeeper's position,
chamberwork or sewing: city or country. Call or
address 917 Market st., room 19.
STRONG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
to do washing and ironing or housecleaning by
the day; $1 60; send postals. MRS. H. S., 219%
Harrison st. •
PROTESTANT REFINED GIRL WISHKS
X situation to wait on lady or care for invalid and
cewing; has experience: best references. Ad-
dress 1623 Pine si. ___!__
\\T ANTKD by AN intelligent WOMAN,
'• situation as companion or housekeeper. Ad-
dress B. H.D., box 147, Call Office.
ENERGETIC WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
X_ for any kind of work in the country. Call or ad-
dress 1520 Market St.. room 8. ■
ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keep«r: Is a first-class cook. Call or address
MRS. a., 2548 a Folsom st.
■yoUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WITH A CHILD
X wishes a situation, city or country, to dogeneral
housework. Call or address -07 -uontgomery aye.
YV ANTED— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
»» woman In a small hotel or boarding-house.
Address 236 Minna st.
pOMPETENT COOK WISHEB A POSITION
\J or would ao housework in a small family. 26
Halght st.
TT'DUCATED GERMAN LADY, SPEAKING
1— French and English, desires position as gov-
erness; excellent housekeeper: splendid needle-
woman; town St country. Address _. N., box 115,
Call Office. '
LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS HOUSE-
keener or light housework. Call 137 Seventh
su, room 4.
IIUATION WANTED AS COMPANION OR
nurse by reliable young lady. Address B. D.,
box 147, Call Office.
A' OUNG WIDoW DESIRES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper; city or country. Call Ito 6 only,
122 Taylor St., room 18.
y OUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WANTS
X position as working housekeeper. 865% Mar-
ket si., room 18.
RKssMAKING AND PLAIN SKWING ;
cheap. Call or address 2118 Mason si.
"yoUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RK- •
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated; also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye.
INCUE.I 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus anaCaggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATION* WANTED-MALE.
rThANSeST_ iIo'GEAItY^STC FUR^
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
bands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINKSK EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 4-6.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE KKLIABLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
man to cook and bake, wife assist In kitchen
or housework; good reference. Address 221 !
Minna st. ,
L>Y ALL AROUND COOK. RESTAURANT
J > or hotel. Address F., box 33, Call Office
CAVALRY AND INFANTRY DRILLMaS- .
\J ter wants position as drill-instructor; will also
1 fill any other position; best of references, call or
: Address 121 Fulton st. 1
p ARPENTER WANTS WORK; HANDY :
\J In general; no objection to country. Address
A. 8., box 56, Call. 1
SITUATION WANTED BY EX-CONST ABLK
O as watchman or porter; grand credentials. Ap-
ply P. g.. 933 Howard su .
YV ANTED — POSITION AS^ VALET OK
»» nurse; best of references. Address VALET, 1
box 99. Call Office.
VALET TO GENTLEMAN-UNDERSTANDS
V massage treatment: best of references. Ad-
dress VAi.ET, 315 Stockton su
"yOUNG MAN, GOOD DRIVER, WANTS A
X situation to take care of horses: good refer- 1
ences, if necessary. Address 1063 Broadway.
p AHD~EN_R, THOROUGHLY EDUCATED IN
I vJ all branches of horticulture, orcnard and nur-
i scry work, reliable, wishes situation, private or
1 sommerclal. Address A. A., box 63, this office.
TEADY, STRONG GERMAN BOY OF 17
wishes any kind of work; is good driver; ref-
erence. 314 Eighth st. .
OY, AGE 17. WISHES TO GET WORK:
1 > wholesale bouse preferred. Call or address
1627 Howard st.
TRONG YOUNG MAN. 19 YEARS OF AGE,
wishes a position of any kind; not afraid of
I work. Address 1120 d Golden Gate avenue.
GOOD COOK WITH FIRST -CLASS REFER-
ence wants to cook for few men; small wages:
! good home: city or country. Address LA., box
I 61, this office.
j ANTED— POSITION AS ; NIGHT OR DAY
' '» watchman for Institution, warehouse or store,
by sober man ; good credentials. W. H. L., 747
Howard sU • " ,
E~~LDE«LY MAN WELL ACQUAINTED
XJ with kitchen work would like a position in a
small place as vegetable man or do most anything
for small wages. D. T., box 85. this office.
■yOUNG MAN DESIRES To LEARN
X grocery business. Address N. SANDBERG, 631
Sacramento St., city. -
OSITION BY A YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
wife good cook. Call or address 2908 _sth st.
OUNO GERMAN WISHES SITUATION OF
X any kind. BARTL, 652 Minna st.
y OUNG MAN WITH EXPERIENCE WISHKS
• X situation as bartender; city. Address H. H. 8.,
723CappsU
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
cla_s Eastern and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address Q. C, box lit, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED — MIDDLE-
O man: steady habits: good reference: good all-
round man lor private family : small wages. Ad-
dress W. X.. box 43, Call Office. .
OUNG MAN (22). UNDERSTANDS THE
care of horses: can milk, drive and do plain
gardening; desires position with private family;
will furnish reference if required. Address D. M..
box 107, Call Office. .. ■-. •-,..' 1
ituation wanted by a gardener 1 ;
seven years in last place. Address A. 8., box
116, Call Office. - - V -
ITUATION WANTED: PAINTING, PAPER-. i
O hanging, calsominlnc, interior $1 76 per day, .
Address ARTHUR VERVOORT, Empire House
689 Clay.
CUNO GERMAN, GOOD CARPENTER, '
■ cabinet-maker and general mechanic with •
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st.
NEROETIC HONEST YOUNG MAN WISH- 1
X_ es position of some kind of work; very handy
with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN- }
American boy of 16 who Is living with his \>\r- 1
ents to work In office, store or wholesale house; he j
can keep books and is a good, penman. Pieaae ad-
dress 17 Beaver st.
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
a situation to lake care of horses and cows:
understands all kinds of work; 2 years in last
place. Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWA,
1 13 Church sU ..;;:;
EL C TRICIAN AND MECHANICAL
draughtsman wants position: competent.
Please address D. M., box 33, this office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c 10 $160 per. night: $160 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and Irom the ferry.
AN Al SHOEMAM ACCUSTOMED TO FINE
trade wants a position; age 28 years; best of
references. Address M. M., box 81. Call Office.
j^Y STEADY YOUNG .MAN TO DRIVE
I > butcher wagon and help in shop: has some ex-
perience. C. a, care F. RAHLMANN, South San
Francisco. - • .. . -..-•-•
EING A PRACTICAL MINER AND PROS-'
pactor in placer and quartz, also expert- with
mineral rod, wants partner to furnib grub, outfit
and expenses for prospecting. W. A. M., 231
Sanchez >Ur3nmflMHhi
INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEXR
Market—^Electric lights: In every -room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
i_ekj_fr»*i' hug and haggacf) to and from the ferry.
F_.MAL_ ' I! 1.1.l- WANTED. ;
I. AUNDRKSS, $30 ; 20 HOUSE WORK GIRLS,
J city and country. $20. and $25; 6 young girls,
assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUI.LEN, 323 Sutter.
Cl R M AN OR SWEDISH GIRL. $10. MISS
V-T CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. • ■■;■;■
OUSKKKEPKR; $20. MISS CCLLEN, 323
Sutler st. . ■' - - .
pEKMAN" GOVERNESS: $25. MISS CUL-
VJ LEN. 323 Sutt»r st. :
■\TURSe7~ONE CHILD, $25. MISS CULLEN,
! 1> 323 Suiter st. ■-..■■■ . '
CHAMBERMAID AND LAUNDRESS; $25;
VJ ' good place. - MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
FRENCH MAID AND SEA .M STRESS; $'.'5.
J MISS CULLV.N, 323 Sutter st.
/I ERMAN OR F RENCiI OK~SWKDISH COOK-
VJ $36. MISS CULLEN, IMS Sutler st. ',
WOMAN WITH A CHILD; $20. MISS CUL-
T LEX. 323 Sutter St. V ' ; -,
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS COOK IN PRl-
▼ate . family; $30. ".. MRS. CATT ELL'S Em-
ployment Bureau, 625 Eighth St.. Oakland. '
p erjTan cook, jew is. i COOKING, $25.
VJ German Employment Office, 3.6 Mason st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
"V-OUNG GIRL, HOUSEWORK, CITY, $16;
x girl for Sonoma, light housework, see party in
city, $20: young girls, ■ housework. Golden Gate,
Alvarado, Berkeley, $12 and *16: • girls for house-
work, city and country, $15 and $20. C. B. HAN-
SKN A CO.. lip Geary st.
( ''OOK ON RANCH, NEAR city, HERE, $15:
V- cook-, small boardinit-house, conntrjv 820. C.
R. masses «fc Co., 110 Geary st. ;
0 WAITRESSKS, COUNTRY HOTEL. FARE
— • paid, $20: waitress, country hotel, north, $20;
waitress, restaurant, city. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. '
50 WOMEN - AND GIRLS FOR PRIVATE
5/y, f a-"il'es. ranches, hotels, etc MURRAY *
itISADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
i-ifiy si*
pOOK-iSMALL BOARDING-HOUSE. COUN-
vy try, $25. ** re paid ; girl for chamber work and
washing, $15, are p a ; ranch cooks, $20: wait-
resses. *20. and others. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— LAUNDRESS AND SECOND
»i work. *25; woman to cook for men, $25: 3
waitresses, city ana country, $20 and $15: Ger-
man second and sewing, $20: German (refined)
nurse, $26; 2 German cooks. $35 and $25; second
and seamstress, $.0. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock-
ton su* - .
\ V ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
♦•» girl for cooking and houseworK, a short dis-
tance, 25. see par.y here at 10 to day: laundress,
private family, $-25 ; 4 cooks, German style, $25.
$4O and $36; German second girl, $.<>; second
cook, hotel, $25, call early: 2 waitresses and
chambermaids, hotels, $20, and others. J. F.
CKQ.-vKTTA CO.. 312 Sutler St.
°.Fn H WAI TRKSSES, COUNTRY HOTELS,
-L $-0 and mom; 3 waitresses, city hotels, $16
and $20 and room. MAR UN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market st. ,
GERMAN GIRLS. GENERAL HOUSKWORK,
2*. *j 5 and *25. German Employment Office,
306 Mason st,
]V"ORTH GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
OM_°* ci > a. * 13 - German Employment Office,
806 Mason st. .
WANTKD— GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 838
O'FarreU st.
EFINKD LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
Xt business. Call 131 Post, room 21.
/1 EKMAN GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
v-« wages, $8 10 $12 month. 623b Montgomery.
0 GERMAN SISTERS OR FRIENDS. $30: ONE
-- an waitress and one as second girl; private fam-
Uy. 323 Suiter st. •. ,
(^ IRL FOX HOUSEWORK: PLAIN COOKING;
VJ small wages, $20. 721 Ellis st;
OMAN TO DO 'DI3ii WASHING; RESTAU-
■ rant. 916 Howard st. ■
TT AIRDRESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
XX culture lessons: free 10 agen.H. MRS. BUT-
LKR, 13i Post st.
KIND OLD LADY CARK for CHILD RE*
rv turn for home. 1228 Mission st. , downstairs-
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM , PANTS;
also apprentices. 923% Folsom su
WOMAN for GENERAL hous_work
»' and cooking. 230 Twenty-ninth st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN NURSEGIRL, $25;
Swedish housekeeper, $25, country; girl to as-
s'st In housework, $16. Apply 316 Sutler at.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 2322 Folsom st. .
POOD FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTED; MUST
\JT do plain washing. 2723 Pacific aye.
■yOUNG GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
X housework; $15. 1620 Ellis si.
I AN TED— 2 PANTS FINISHERS. 250 NA-
» ' toma St.. between Third and > ourth.
/ J. IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; MALL FAMILY;
VJ wages $12. • Call U9a Bartleit st.
Y ODSO GIRL TO ASSIST CHILDREN; $5
X month. Apply 3631 Twenty-fourth St.. near
Dolores.
P IRL TO TAKE CARE OF 2 CHILDREN IN
VJ the Mission: .wages $10. Address MRS.
JaMES, box 110, this office. . . ■
EAT young GERMAN GIRL for GEN-
1' er>il housework. 810 Montgomery st.
\\ OMAN FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 10%
" Harriet St.; call alter 10 a.m.
ESPEC TABLE GIRL; TAKE CARE CHILD
6 years old In daytime, but must stay at horn a
nights; wages $12. 14i>6 Poat St., corner Octavia.
■yOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE BABY AND
X do little housework; $5 per month. 906 Jack-
son st. *
OMART WAITER-GIRL. 136 SECOND ST.
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO TAKE CARE
i'A of children : good references. 1504 Ellis st.
call bet. 10 and 12, 2 and 4. >
1 EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
i- Ing: $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up.
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market su
IRL WHO SPEAKS GERMAN FOR SMALL
family without children; wages $12. 1432
O'Farreli st. ' ~
V OUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE CHILDREN
X and assist with housework; wages $10. 1835
Bush st. r? -. : , ;
\\f ANTED— A GKRiIAiN GIRL FoR GEN-
eral housework: wagea $20. ■ 933 HaightsU
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. CALL
'' afternoon, 910 Sutter st.
Expkrie'ncedTp'pr'entick IN TAILOR-
■Ci Ing: also girl Uarn punts operating. 206 Minna.
LADIES— FREKIFRKK! LESSONS EVERY I
Tues..2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67. I
U. ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school: class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 leaven worth sU
AIRDRKSSINO. 25c AND 35c: MORNING I
and eve classes: 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission. !
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DoYLE. 119 a Powell su and 105 Ninth.
OST CONVENIENT AND.RKSPECTABLK;
JL Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $3
por w«— ■ free 'bus and "af^»i" -o-tn'l from fcrr\-. 1
UAL. Hi; Ll' WANTED.
ECONIT^A $25TcO 1 UNTrT^HOP; 2o"
farmers for orchards," vineyards, etc., $30, $26
and $20; 20 laborers, city: 6 scraper-teamsters, i
$20; 5 milkers: 3 butter-maker.i; man to run a |
separator: farmer and wife with or without chil- :
dren: man for a chicken ranch, $15; 10 men to
dig irrigation ditches: -0 tie-makers. 8 cents and I
10 cents each: 3 choremen. MURRAY & j
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and ;
636 Clay st.
1 f\ WAITERS, $30, $26, AND $8 WEKK FUR !
iV/ hotels, restaurants, city and country; 6 |
hotel cooks. $60, $40. and $35: 3 dishwashers,
$16 arid $20: cook for a saloon, $25 and found;
ranch cook. $25: German waiter, [$30. MURRAY
_ READY, leading employment agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. .
p ERMAN HEAD AND BKCOND COOK,
VJ country hotel, $60 and $40: bead cook, mea
and pastry, for springs, $60: pastry cook an*
baker, country hotel. $40; broiler; second coo' 1
for restaurant: second cook, country hotel, $60^
German cook, country hotel. $35 to $40; man t : j
finish shirts from machine, count r-- laundry, $2 °
day: second cook, hotel, city, $35. C. K. HAN*
______'°' HOGearysu . ..••■
T7< A R M eTasF WIFE FOR AN ORCHARD,
r $35 to $40, see party here; 2 ranch teamsters,
$-0; 6 farmers, $20 aud $25. C. R. HANSEN _
Co., 110 Geary st. ■ '.
QHAMPOOER FOR SPRINGS: BARBER FOR
0 springs: shampooer and bathman who can
shave, for springs, can have all he makes. C R.
HANSKN _ CO.. 110 Geary St.
WANTED— B HOTEL MEN TO LEASE OK-
''rent hotels; . first-class opportunities.' For
particulars apply to C. R. HANSE.. _ CO., 110
Geary st,
W ANTED— COOK AND WIFE, COUNTRY
'» hotel, $65. call early: cook and wife, country
hotel, $60; hotel cook. $40, and second cook; $25,
same house; restaurant cook, $10; German boy to
learn baking; hotel cook, $50: waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento.
\\/ ANTED— BUTTER AND CHEESE MAKER, |
*» $3'J and found: elevator-boy. $4 week;' black- I
smith for mine. $3 day: farmer and wife, 830; i
teamsters, $1 60 day: old man to rare for place:
gardener, with references, s3o and found: farmers,
cboremen and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO. , 628 Sacramento st,
\\l ANTED— CHOPHOt SE, $40; COOK,
'» -order house, $1 60 a day; cook, hotel,
$50; French wait r,»40: waiter, $2»: porter, $15: :
boy for private family, good home: dishwasher,
$16; etc "LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton sU
"IATANTED-COOK FOR MINING BOARDING-
*» house. $60: cook, resort near city, $5!) to $60;
French or German cook, country hotel, $60; also
waiters, dishwashers, farmers, laborers, milkers
and others. W. D. i<. WKR & CO., 626 Clay st.
HOT.-.L waiter, s2s and ROOM: -X&.MAN
cook, rtsort hotel. $36 and room: - cook, 15
boarders. $30 »nd room. Walters' Employment
Agency, 749 Market si. ' • ,
\\r ANTED— M AN FOR private PLACK ;
» 1 wages $20. MRS. CAT 1 ELL'S Employment
Bureau, 625 Eighth st., Oakland. -■-'.--
GOOD STATIONARY ENGINEER wanted I
for the interior, wages $76. call at once; also
a good second-baker, for; the interior, wages $40
and board and lodging: must be tilled at once; per-
sons holding certificates in the United States In-
dustrial Agency are eligible. Room 165, Crocker
Building. .
ANTED— ACTIVE BOY NOT UNDER 13
« ' years of age. Apply with ~ reference, RA.
l i I . \ I*. 1 . Qt,
WANTED— YOUNG GERMAN DISH-
' ' washer. ; Call 223 Montgomery aye.
ISriWABHEK WANTED AT 1553 MARKET
U street. ,- \^9K3&SSRBBSBB3E
WAITER; COME READY FOR WORK.
VJ Lick Kitchen, 145 Tenth St. -...■.. . •
V I RST-CLASS WAITER WANTED. 15
X' Stockton st. .
\\r ANTED- BOY , TO LEARN BARBER
it. trade. r 227% Second st ' ' ■..•■_
1 ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
J-i on hand-, shoes 10 ' onler, *3 90; ' hand-sewea
shoes, »S. 726% Howard St.. near Third. ■
IMMEDIATELY— MAN FOX INDOOR WORK;
X good wages guaranteed: 5 100 cash . required.
*or particulars apply at 235 M. Seventh at. ;
(ft I £*() STEADY MAN WAN J'KI) AS PART-
tIi..XOV/.,ner in genteel cash business; clears $75
per month each; no experience necessary ; duties,
to serve customers. s'l Ran D, 45 Third st. .., .
SHOEMAKc-R-SHOP FOR ••BALK -:■ CHEAP.
O 335GoughsL
HELP.: WANTED— Continued ._ -
I AST WEEK OF CLEARANCE SALE -OF
■J boots and shoes: will be sold at any price. 638
Market st., opposite Palace Hotel. -
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAIIFORNIA
X) meets to-night. Alcazar building, fourth floor.
I<AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X» p. C. Barbers' Assn. 3. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary,' CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
\j AKBKK.V. AbSOCIATIoN Or' CA_, KMPLOY-
-»-> menu ■. SeCy. I', i". Hamann. 229 V4 O'Farreli. .
BARBERS- 15c SHOP FOR SALE; CLEARS
-L* 820 a week: trial given. . Apply Call OfHce.
ARBKR-SHOP FOR SALE OR TO RENT.
, Apply 417 Grove st, -
ARBER-SHOP,- 4 CHAIRS. OLD STAND.
-*J tor sale: $125. Inquire this office.
L> ARBER-SHOP, REVOLVING CHAIRS; IM-
XJ mediate sale: departure; bargain. 517 East 3t.
BARBER TO TAKE; CHARGE OF SMALL
shop. 709 Fifth aye.. near Bay Dls:rict.
\V ANTKD - A SALESMAN WHO HAS A
»> thorough knowledge of the stove and hard-
ware business, and who has had some experience
as traveler. Apply ,by letter, atatiue salary re-
quired and references, to C. D., box 107, Call
Office, *•'.--:
ANTED— FOR: THE UNITED ; STATES
" Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 6 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrul.ing- Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
MAN TO SELL MILK ON COMMISSION.
Address Milk, box 89 Call Office.
"YEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
J-i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c; week $1 to $2 50 ;reading- room strictest atten-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
SUNNY ROOMS FROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, 248 Third st. ■
W INCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night; reading-
room: free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
LODGINGS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
.__»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
loeas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & r<s., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, \V ashin«ton, D. C, tor their $1800 prize oiler
and list of -00 inventions wanted.
\ l ' E HAVE A LOT OF. DAMAGED SHOES
' ' selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
Off shoes bought or exchanged. 56- Mission st.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT.
$1 week. Rosedale Hous-, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
I IN DELL HOU*E. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-» ' sts.; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c nigh-..
||| MKjN To TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 1»C
xvv/ and 20c a night, including coSe* and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kearny.
S.-REMOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 5c
KST IN CITY --SING ■ _ ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sti
WK ARK SHU- DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price: done while you wait.
662 Mission sU. between First, and Second sts.
BESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND^
hand shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit aud
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
"pqOMS 15c TO 750 PKR NIGHT: 500 TO $1 60
XI per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmni st.
WANTED-AiABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third 160
large rooms : 25c per nigh*.; $1 to $3 per week.
\\r ANT>ED,TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
' ' enufcclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
LCHO HOUS_, 863^ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c. 85a to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
EVTO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it. - ■ • ■
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
'» T*«ak; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room 1 dally papers. 36 Clay st.
w a"nted"^~men TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
r.talo.up spnt. S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
AOlQtn WAKTJU).
WANT EXPERIENCED AGENTS TO CAN-
vass for an article that is used in every house-
hold. Call and examine, 2 to 4 p. m.. 1211 Mission.
GENTS — HERE'S YOUR CHANCE FOR
cash; grasp it quick; the greatest campaign
book of 1896; outfits 26 cents: one agent reports
85. orders in three days. F. PERSON, Manager
Subscription Department, The Whitaker _ Ray
Co., 723 Market st. .
WESTS, MALE AND FEMALE TO SELL
Press' patent long-handle dustpan. 9Va Bth st.
A GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
-» sell; makes money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company. Detroit. Mich. ; ■■- '
KOOMS .WANTED! '
\\T ANTED— BY A SINGLE" MAN; A LARGE
' » sunny well-furnished room In private family;
with use of bath and water-closet. Address P. O.
box J913. City. . ■■-
____________ ___
EDUCATIONAL.
TIEHL'S COLLEGE?' J 723' MARKET ST^
offers unsurpassed advantages ana induce-
ments in shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, English branches, languages, eta:
expenses less than at any other college. LKON
and LULA BTIEHL, proprietors.
BS. MELVILLE SNYDKR, 715 POST ST.;
vocal - music: ilano: elocution: practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal classes Monday, BP. _. ; $1 a month.
Y RES'. THE LKADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su; Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, eta: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
, eTasco'^ LYCEUM SCHOOL OF acting—
t> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, ME.
0 cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay : estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mia,
ELOCUUON. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hy»Je st. : call after i 1: _.
XJRB.XN SCHOOL AT 2124~CALIFORNIa ST.;
J opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE . Prln.
ALMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17 : hours Btolo p. it
BOOKKPNG, WRUNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day <t night : noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANU AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY' WEST HA US. 39 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities.
SH OAND0 AND LESSONS AT NIGHT: TERMS
$2 per month. Address S. H., box 85, Call.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
In singing; 84 a month. 854 Mission st. , -
PROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHKK of
X violin, guitar, mandolin, bacjo. 1707 Market.
JOSKPIi GRKVKN. VOICK-IMPROVKR. &J
O Ninth st.
__.__ _ . '.___■_■ -tli-UICAL..
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
never fails; perfectly harmless free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; 1 prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. * MRS.
DAVIEs*. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank'
consult . free; French / regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a.mtos p. _. and 7to9p. m. T.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-"
_T_ stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
Fuaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate ' home in confinement; regular ■ graduate
physician: 80 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tlma
and expense; consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post sU, near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-"
nient or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own ; physician ■ for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed-
if you wan: to-be • treated ; safe and sure call on a
man's physician. PR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su-
LADIES, CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills '(Diamond Brand) are the best-
safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c., stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles." in letter by re-
turn mail; at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.
Philadelphia. Pa. r- ...
T\RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN BPE-
XVclaltyv unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best care-
low tees: pi Us $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
A LPEAU'S FRENCH FILLK_A~I_OdN~TO
.— l ladles troubled with irregularities: nodanaer-
rate and sure; - $2 60 .-x press C. O. D. -, don't delay
-ntU too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL^
\J RS. DR. WKGKNrIR TAKES I.ADIKH BE-
x»x fore »nd during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes: . treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. ■ 419 Eddy st.
CURE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASE!*
kj from whatever cause-, a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guarantee-, or
MKS. DR. GWYKK. 226 Turk st. .:
AIRS. M. R.RODOERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
■I*-* confinement; erms reduced.'- 929 Howard st.
MR a: ACHaRD, .MIDWIfK— HOME IN
confinement: 26 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
IV IRREGULAR OR ANY' FEMALE DI-KASB
see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and becontenu '-64% 4th.
PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINKMKNT. MRS.
X DR. FUNUKK. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DX. HALL. 1* AlcALLlSi'Jiti .-TRKKT. NKAH
;Jon»<. iiimiMiif womfi "■■■! rhlMrea.
;, ' -'.-.; " TYPKWKIT-RS. - . :
"DEMINGTON, $35; >MITH. $60; SKND FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT _ BANK AN,333Mut_my
J^ _ _ BTTSnTESS CHANCES. „ . . '
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUS/
ness. LUBELSKI CHABK. 7 City Hall aye'
<£ 99 Pi(\ BLISSHED G -CX K Y . A D
w- J -'"v/. bar business; actual value of price
asked In stock mid fixtures; good local and oim-
• side trade; must be sold, owner Interested in other
I business: investigate this place. LUBELSKI _
I CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
Ql Only HORSESHOEING BUSINESS IN
.<lp.iv/uv/. one of Ihe best locations In the city:
doing a fine business: will sell, trade or take a
partner: investigation requester! : rare opportun-
Uy. LCBKLSKI _ CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
4K^O Eli -" ;GA - N CIGAR-STORE, DOING
xS)tJKJ\J. a fine business: the rent is cheap and
the locality is fine; it will pay you to Investigate
this fine buy without delay to-day. . LUBELSKI
CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
t?or sale — magnificent grocery,
X 1 with 2 teams: must be sold immediately: no
reason ab e offer refused : fullest investigation.
LUBKLSKI _ CHASE. 7 City Hal aye.
1 Oft WtLL BUY INTEREST IN A BUSI-
«C'XVV/ ness paying $65 per month to each- lady
preferred. LUBKLSKI & CHASE, 7 Cl y Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
let. us show you some fln« places at bargains- call
at once. ' LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
ffl«lk>^n GROCERY .ON PRINCIPAL
I *iP I -iuv.; street: large stock; cheap rent; liv-
| ing-rooms; clears. $125 monthly: don't miss this
I bar.- -in; rare chance. . STENBKRG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. ' • ■
<J_l AHA BAKERY NORTH OF MARKET;
W XV uu. baking three barrels daily: receipts
$250 a week; clears $160 a month: no opoosition;
rare bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market sU
fflJIO: \ ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
«_>J-^ *O. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
Ci 1 ii(\(\ PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
«_? IUUI7. the best printing offices In the city,
employing six Drtntem: a grand opportunity for
an active business man to clear $200 per month.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market su . . . ,
97?: CORNER FRUIT STORE: OLD ES-
«iP 4* I O. tablished ; living rooms; receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. Si EN BERG CO., 632 Market.
C&1 OHO CORNER SALOON AT TERMINUS
«2)Xv/V/V/. of Scar lines: 5 private rooms: mag-
nificently fitted up; safe, cash register, etc. ; old-
! established business and has always made money ;
rent cheap clears $100 a month. M. LKSS _ CO.,
783*6 Market st.
tTT branch BAKERY IN desirable
to 1 10. portion Western Addition: rent 1 low;
living rooms; good steady trade. _. LESS,.7B3i&
I Maraetsu ■
! P FINEST BAKBER-SHOP OF ITS KINO ON
i^ the Pacific Coast: busiest street; 2<)oorsfrom
I Market; 4 magnificent chairs: fine mirrors, e;c.
M. LKSS <fc CO . 7H3^_ Mr.rket St. . ■
Q> PL X A BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
KJ)OO\J. lions, stationery, etc.; corner in best
portion of Western Addition; 4 living-rooms; larg •
stock; nicely fitted up: does a well-paying busi-
ness. M LKSS <fc CO.. 7»3% Market st.
$iiAfi corner saloon on trans-
ttP-Llv/'.J. fer point, rent $50: 6 years' lease:
average dally receipts $18: rarest chance; owner
keeps 2 places. WILKE _ WOLFF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. . .
QOfIHA DRUG STORE IN, WKSTJ-RN
tip — v/UV/. Addition; 4 living-rooms; rent $45:
established years: large patronage: owner to re-
tire^ WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
Qftrm PARTNER WANTED IN CORNER
tJPvJV/V. grocery and bar; good location; close
to Market st. WILKE & WOLF. 531 California.
1 ffiQ.^vfj I'AIRY AND DELICACY STORE"
; «IpOtJV7. in Mission: rooms: low rent; very good
j paying. WlLjvE _ WOLF. 631 California st.
I OJ?OAA GOOD SALOON AND MILK DEPOT.
j <&OO\J. WILKE <fc WOLF. 631 California s'.
BLACKSMITHS, ATTENTION ! — ONK OF
the finest shops In the State in lively town 40
1 mile* from San Francisco: established 19 years
I and clears $150 per mouth; large stork. on hand;
I ail tools in -class shape; this is a bona fide bar-
gain; will take $2500. GKO.. STEWAKI, 602
Market st.
"<S» I -fk YOUNG BUSINESS MAN OF GOOD
I t_s ± • i\J. standing and reputation wants pr.rtner
> to assist him; will guarantee good, wages, with
1 best prospect of lar-je increase: must be willing to
I work and assist generally; business easily learned.
i Particulars OKO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
i ffi?4f|A BAKERY: ELEGANT PLACE,
iS>rt\J\J. thoroughly equipped In every respect;
well estaollshed and paying: selling on account of
old age; proprietor owns property: cheap rent;
living-rooms, barn, etc.; nice horse and wagon;
investigation invited; don't miss It. GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st. _
OJJI f\(\ BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
iS>X\J\J. and candy store; north of Market st. :
low rent: doing fair business: living-rooms with
furniture included. See BARRETT. 1125 Market.
LSO ONE NORTH OF MARKET FOR $125;
doing fair business. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
Oil hA FRUIT 'AND VEGETABLE SIORK;
fipLOKf. best location: receipt- average $15 a
: day; horse and waeon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
f 'JOX CIGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AN D
<Jp*».£;c». laundry office: No. 1 location; living
I rooms: low rent ; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT. 1125 Mirket st.
mo SKLL A BUSINESS OF ANT KIND
quiet for cash see >-TitAND& CO., 45 Third au
! Cj 1 9nn corner GROCERY AND BAR:
tU)l^iUU..best location In this city; receipts,
$20 per day; living-rooms: rent only $20 with
long lease; cheap at $1500: best of reason for sel-
ling; great bargain. See OUa STRAND, 45 Third
<BM7f; CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
«IPt Ikj full value in sight; 4 rooms; bargain on
account of departure. STRAND, 4,5 Third st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brink, building, eon-
: taining 98 -rooms; also Kround-floor and well-
i llEh.ed basement: centrally located, halt block .N
j of Market St. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
: l-.mporinu) building; newly furnished throughout;
I furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
: ther particulars apply to S. SILVKRBERG, 320
I Sansome St.. room 39 - .
rpHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
I leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
I paying Investment In Northern California, mid
must be disposed of on account of sick ess. *or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal. .- '
OCTOR'S PRACTICE; WORTH $1800 TO
$2000 per annum; stock of drugs and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
I most promising mining towns in state. Address
j I. L., box 69, 1 all office. 710 Market st., ~. F.
ALOON; IMMEDIATE DISPJSAL ON AC--
count of death; no reasonable offer refused:
I stocK, fixtures: lease 3% years; the whoie for
$575; if not sold by 25th will be disposed of at
auction. H., box 72, Call Office.
T?OR SALE— AN INTEREST IN A FIRST-
." class, well-established commission, business:
I capital required from $3000 to 45000; good op-
| portunity for the right man. Address S., box 76,
Call Office.
C{9Xr_ SALOON, ADJOIN DEPOT IN
«j"_j«.lU. -thriving town on mnln line of road near
this city; finely fitted; excellent trade; nocompe-
tition. UNDERWOOD, 765 Market st.
Q» 1 *-}?\n FIRST-CLASS SALOON IN the
«jp 1 OU\J. retail district; near Market st.; line
fixtures; well-established trade: moderate ex-
pense; invites investigation. S. E., box 116, Call.
pOOD . OPPORTUNITY : SELLING OUT TO
VJT close estate: business esU since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can he made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
I ANTED— TO TRADE 500 ACRES, TEN-
I " nessee, also 300 acres, 'Missouri, no encum-
j brance, for established business or merchandise
1 Address C, box 85, Call Office.
WANTED-FARTNER IN LUMBER AND
. » » planing mill business: tmnst have $5000;
stand Investigation. . Address F. G. WILSON
Brooklyn Hotel, 8. F. '
~<fe9Xjrr~ PARTNER WANTED IN f H MAN-
<\p*uu\j. ufactuivof the best campaign but. on
j yet Issued. Address W. H. R., box 18. Call office.
Branch BAKERY. GROCERY. notions
xj cheap; 4 sunny rooms; side entrance: large
yard; cheap rent. Leavenworth ami Jackson sts.
ft*->r>() INVESTED EARNED: : APRIL, $306;
.V V May, $362; June, $374; 1895 averaged
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DALY, 1293 Bdwy.N Y.
L^OK RENT— LAKGF. BASEMENT SALOON;
x completely furnished for business; low rent
Inquire room 629, Parrott building, 825 Market st.
TfOK sale cheap — wood AND COAL
x yard; machinery to cut wood: express busi-
ness. eta: cit-arj $150 a month 810 sixth st. .
O.U ALL MANUFACTURING BUSINESS; THE
kJ only one in the city: small capital; no Sunday
or night work. 110 Ellis St., Palmer House.
ffl* "I 9 PL EXPRESS BUSINESS. FOR sale,
IP -■- — - — * • o;i : account. of sickness; good stand;
clearing $»0 month. Apply 205 Lark in st.
Cj "1 7 C .'■ PARTNER IN PAYING RESTAU-
<iPX 10. rant: meaTs owner cooks; no night
work. Inquire 21. Urn mm at., in saloon.
-ffi»f;n PARTNER W ANTKD. IN EMPLOY-
.tjyclv/. ment office: rare chance; prefers partner
to hired help. Call 128 Fourth st. ■ ■ . -.
\KT ANTKD— YOUNG MAN WITH $200 ;IN
''paying office business:- money secured. Ac-
dress X., box 85, Call Office.
HAKKRY~AT A BARGAIN; BARKIS FROM 3
I > to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; full inspection allowed.
Centerville, Alameda County.' : ,
VOR SALE— PAYING 8ALOON; CAUSE
JT for selling, owner going East. Address. T.R.
GOULD, box 8. Pelaluma. -
INE FIXTURES AND SMALL STOCK OF
i grocery-store, with 3 living-rooms. Inquire A.
ABBECK. 1140 Market st. .
UK only.m odern IMPROVED HOTEL
X of 80 rooms in Stockton for , rent or leas.?. r In-
quire D. ROTHENBUSH. ;
UST BE SOLD AT ONCE- A FIKST-CLASS
- downtown ; saloon ; no reasonable - offer re-
fused. ■■ Call 434 Pine st.
. ATTENTION, BUYERS.— COR. LIQUOR SA-
_— Icon among business houses: no night or Sun-
day work: selling less than price of fixtures: offer
wanted. - Wood, ■ coal, hay and feed business. - 5
stalls, which pay rent of yard; full value $300.
'Partner .wanted in commission ■ business; clears
$75 a month > to : each: and all kinds of businesses
lor sac by HEAL V _ CO., 23 Kearny st.
.S: ELEGANT GROCERY, IMMEDIATELY,
at great sacrlflc*; no reasonable offer refused.
C box 67. Call Office. . - •
f|lo RKNT— GROCKRY STORK AND SA-
X loon; fixtures and bar. Cor. Ridley and Elgin
Park. 1 . -
1 BrsiXKSS ' CHAXCES-ContlnntKl.
OTEL; 26 ROOMSTRKNT »35; SEIJj .ON _ AC-
count of sickness. Apply HI Twenty-sixth
st., near Mission. .
"®TTTnA saloon for sale: or TAKE
{$ 1 iJ\J\J. right man as partner. Address S., 435
Thirteenth st. * __. >I'~V - V --13 '1"
_? r^n(\ FOR SALK: bakery, horse and
«JiOnU. wagon; two barrels per day. Apply
Call Office. " „
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALK;
1 will pay SI SO per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. '
?>»ANDY-STORE AND BRANCH BAKERY,
\J very cheap; account leaving city. r 514 l astro.
_• Ql ifWi FOKH^LF-INTEKKSr INMANU
OOUUU. facturlng business. 328 Bush, rm.4.
I ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
la (German) : $25 capital. Room 2. 12. Mason sr.
Oil SALE OK EXCHANGE FOR VACANT
J property— Saloon cor. Rltch and Townsend sts.
$450. SALOON: FINE BUSINESS; LOW
«Jb4OU. rent; reason, poor health. 989 Pacific.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63- Market, room i.
jr. rj f\ FRENCH BAKERY AND COFFEE
«Jl) I OU. saloon: bar connected. Inquire Call.
VTICE SALOON FOR SALE: CHKAP; ON
!•>. Kearny St.: no agents. App.y Call Office.
OKSTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:, GOOD
II place for man and wife. Apply Call Office.
LD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
U bar. HUBERT BROS., 103 Powell st.
SALOON; LONG LEASK; LOW Rt-.NT. AP-
-0 ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
/ ' ROCKRY AND BAR— TRANSFER COR-
" I ner. Apply at this office: no agents.
pROCERY AND BAR FOX SALE; CHEAP;
VJ two living-rooms. 1044 Folsom st
|7»INE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR-
- anu Corner of Fell and stanyan Bta.
1 ODGING-HOUSE IN MINING TOWN. AD.
-Li dress G. &>., Angels Camp. ■_
IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. INQUIRE 732
Devlsadero st. .
AKERY AND NOTION STORE FOR SALE.
909 Bryant st. . . . - ;
OME BAKtRY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
Q MALL BAKERY FOR SALE. APPLY CALL
0 Office. . '..
TOR SALK— DINING-ROOM. 609 POST ST.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T_U»
•A. WEEKLY CALL, in wraDper. for mailing. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALK.
"S^>r^frT^Ro77>ri?oTs^^
«TpOUU. 55-room corner hous , only 1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange 2000
66 rooms, clearing $250. . .' 3500
60 room boarding-bouse.... £OUO
9 rooms, only— — only : 225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
.0 rooms, corner, only 1600
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments 300
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSK.
99 ROOMS ON MARKET ST. ~ $600
— -— 45 rooms, corner.- cearing $230 *iBOO
50 houses, stol 40 rooms, from $50 to ....$5OOO
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market sr. '
1 Q ROOMS $1300 11 ROOMS »175
t O Fine transient 150 43 rooms, naymts 600
130 rooms 7000 16, bay-window.. 250
34 rooms ...:.... 690 180 rooms 8000
22 rooms. ~ 375 63 r00m5.... 1500
UNDERWOOD, 765 Market St.
AM. SPECK <fc CO., 602 MARKET ST. <
. $300— None better; worth $90 1; 22 rooms.: |
— $100 sure a month; 45 rooms.
Finest corner in city; clears $225: bargain.
Forty-four rooms (unfurnished) to let; corner
Van Ness avenue.
SACRIFICED. , •-■*■<■■■■-
O, 26 magnificently furnished rooms: owner
called East; choice location; unexcelled for tran-
sient. fcox 148, Call Officg.
1 /'-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; REASONABLE.
1U Apply at 136 Sixth st.
HOUS OF 15 WKLL-LIGHTED HOOMS,
suitable for lodging-house: $25. 544 Sixth at.
. v *lUOi.lTl/KJS lUu ;Ai._,
"TjURhTsALK V J !"~ '—~-~>~>~-
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■ . . ■
Oak bed sets  ......$lB 60
Bed lounges ; : ;.... 800
Staves 750
Carpets, per yard .-... 55
Linoleum, per yard ;....;.. 65
Matting, per yard ;- 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we <are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(U\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $157
rt\J\f stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20; foldln?-b*di,
$10; bed- ounces. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
> r FUBNITIKU WANTED.
I ANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE FlX-
tures of any kind ; will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City H«ll aye. .
J~^ C. MUTHKR, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
. fornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Ana Co., 1057 Market, pays cash,
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKICES FOR FURNI-
x ture and merchandise see BURP, ail Larkln.
BABCH. 321 BUTTER, WANTS FURNI.
» lure, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
Mayer buys your furniture,
. rarpets. piano. IK-tri MarlcPt: t<M. Jessi« 781.
CAKJPJiT CLEANING.
ONES^~CO "cARpk-r"-" CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 3c. : RU<*
VJ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth su
GREAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATINO
r works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
Vl, r H_S YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor worK bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 553-67 Tehama st. : teL So. 40.
/ ONKLIN 'S CARPET F.KATING WORKS, Mil
V_/' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANiNG.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. *onth 230.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON _ CO. 23 Tenth- teL
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO., successors.
1 E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. il\i
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN'."
-._• ov " ; works. 453 Sieve n3on: Ml. south '-'28.
31US1CAL 15STKL'M_.NTi.
AN OT SPKCIAb INDUCEMENT FOR
xv« purchasing from Sherman. Clay <fc Ca; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per mouth: only
$6 cash payment, required: every Instrument
guaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY <fc CO., cor.
Kearny and Sutler sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway A Sons' pianos.
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outlnsc at small out-
lay, violins. $1 35: mandolin*. $3 35; guitars. $3-
antoharps, $1; accordlocs. flutes, banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY sCOTT, was
Market su, Spreckels building.
STEINWAY UPRIGHT PIANO AND SEV-
O eral other standard-make second-bands at the
lowest prices obtainable; uprights, $60. $125, etc
The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood Building,
Fourth and Market sts.
Hill HO FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOX A
ig>X\J\J large Newhall up: $176 for fine new
pianos; call at once If you want bargains. MAC-
VAIS, 769 Market st. .
WILLIAM G. BADGER," SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 s-acramenlo st.
IJIANOS— DO YOU WANT OKK? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. TH_ F. W. SPKN-
CKR CO., 933 Market St.
B" EFOR- BUYING SEE HAINK BROS.'. BUSH
X> <- Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
HICKKKING, KNABK. STUCK. VOSE, BTEtt-
llng pianos; see our new piano lor $187: plaaoa
ior rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ _ SON. 16 O'FarraU.
1?«INE STEINWAY UPRIGHT ALMOST NEW;
. private party; must sell now. Room 10, Flood
Building. .
CM OX ■ FINE UPRIGHT PIANO; LITTLE
tJIZU. used: bargain. 115 Seventh st.
"<_ 1 Q(\ EXCELLENT NEW UPRIGHT.STOOL
<© 1 U\J. and cover;ss iusdlmt. 221 Leavenworth
PLEARANCKSALE: NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
\J up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
If INK. MUSICAL. INSTRUMENT (DULCl-
iner), $10: very cheap. fcOB Shot well st.
<_ 1 OX BARGAIN -.FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
*~p±OO. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
BY HUN M.ai/,l', out* POST ST.— SO H M.__T
XJ Newby & Kvaas. Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLIN'S. ZITHERS. OL|J_NBw"
~ H. MUl.l.Kl:. maker.- r"i':tlr^r. '-' Latham placa.
■ Pit JfJiSSIuNAL, UaT-JlT^
FRANK SHAY. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. ROOM
421. four floor, Purrott building (Emporium),
r lLl,r\ Datum, ETC. _. sum -g, att'y
TT and Notary, 116 Market; res.. 2126 Howard.
JOHN K. »;ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
.23 and " 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco. Cal. . - "
JOHN K. AITK-N ANDMAURICK L. ASHEIT
a:tysa: law, mis 51 16. 5h floor. Parrott t> Id g!
■ .W. ».".>; Tjta>— MISCKLLAMIOUS.
WANTED-TO B U Y^ECoTDtHATTu PaTr
P^^OS^iro^e.* Pr ° M : pre " Add *' -
■ ■ ■ t-
SHOWCASE AND DESK; .' MUST BE GOOn
— and cheap. California Camera Co.. 124y a (;p v
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. c-aM^ka'7
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL. YOUR BOOKS. CLOTUINU ANUJk-uf"
eliy to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su ; u&x *££?LET,
Oil A COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: 83 SHIPLEY
'-'- 1 -/' st., near fourth (lormerly Louisa).
bHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Mont-
c»mcry st.
T.TOCBE 6 ROOMS; YARO FRONT AND
XX rear; 915. Apply 1326 Washington st., near
Jones. .'.. ....
"I ** PAGE-HOUSE OF6 BOOMS AND LARGE
x Stable.
fTKNEMEXTS, 4 AND 6 ROOMS: »10 AND 914.
■«■ 812 Jessie St.. near Ninth: key at grocery.
Tno laurel aye., near buchanan-6-
-• UO room hoube; $12; water extra; basement;
yard. ;,-.-,. .-.,';; -
SVLENDID 12- ROOM HOUbE, 8882 TWENTY -
0 first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable tor board-
lng or private residence; very low rent. Bee it. •
HOUSE- A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
M ontgompry
COTTAGES TO LET.
Q^fT~^OTT^ATTET^'ROOMSr^IS^ROS^
IO.UU. pect aw, bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission. "
I OVELY MODERN 6-EOOM SUNNY COT-
-l-<tag<?: rent 915. 4392 Seventeenth st., above
Douglass. ■_■
COTTAGE FOUR ROOMS. 418 AUSTIN ST.,
\J aearGougb. .
pOTTAGE OF 4 BOOMS. 2303 POLK ST.
<££ £\fl COTTAGE: FLAT. 910: BOTH
*S>O.O\J. reduced. Owner, 1128 Vallejo at.
KENT CHKAP; SUNN^ COTTAGES; 4 AND.
6 rms; bath, basement, yard. 15th & Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
ELIcGA^T^O^I^^r^N^YiFLATS:
0 J O. 6 rooms. batb. 135 San Jose av*»..nr. 24tb.
FLATS TO LET.
"eTpTo 17 eVeRKTT^^iTpPKR FLAT; 4
«J)JLO. rooms and bath. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
"VTEW FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH; LATEST
-L.' Improvements: 3107 Washington: rent
reasonable to good tenant. Apply to O'FABRELL
«fc CO.. 11 Montgomery st,
Ql')f;n ELEGANT 4-ROOM FLAT, NEAR
ijpX—. O\J . Seventh and Market sts. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
ARKET BT., NR. SIXTH (REAR OF 1019
Market)— Flats of 3 and 4 rooms: rents only
$8, $10 and $12. . Apply to BALDWIN <fc HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. . ,- * - .
APPRECIATED IF SEEN; NEW, SUNNY,
XV choice; 4 big rooms: bath: 916: water free.
Apply 1722 Howard St., near Thirteenth.
9RI A SUTTER-A NICE SUNNY FLAT;
*""»X a yard front and rear; everything moaern;
918.
Q"] 9 CHEAP; UPPER FLAT: 6 RuOMS.
isiX<L. 716y 3 Tehama st., near Eighth.
T OWER FLAT, (S 'SUNNY BOOMS AND
-LJ bath, basement and yard. 134 Page su
T7URNITURE FOR HOUSE*: INSTALL-
X 1 menti: new or second hand. Lundy Furniture
Ca,813 Market st.
"T\ESIKABLB SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 6
XJ rooms: latest imi rovements. 1541 Kddy st.
9Q A NICK UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS
£*Om and bath. 521 Second gU
PPER PART OF CORNER BUCHANAN
st. and Laurel aye.-. 5 rooms and bath; 920.
Inquire on premises, between 10 a. m and 4 p. si.
&](• ALL NEW AND MODERN: 4 ROOMS;
O-LU. nice neighborhood : cars. Sac. &Broderick.
i"<LAT 6 ROOMS, 915: ALSO 2 SUNNY COT-
-1 tages; 4 rooms: yard; 911 and 812. 623 Second
St., near Brannan.
QQTO 911— UPPER LOWER FLATS; 3 AND :
O*.' 4 rooms; cellar; yard. 1008 Natoma, near
Eleventh.
Gji i* FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
«_> -LO. Post St., near Po'.k.
<S»1 1 THREE BOOMS. BATH. 411 TUIR-
V-Li- teenth St., above Valencia.
99R TENTH ST.— UPPER FLAT OF FIVE
■_.--. U rooms, bath; modern improvements; yard.
7 07 H AYES, CORrWEIiSTER— HANDSOME
101 flat, 7 rooms, bath, cellar; sunny, modern
Improvements: rent reduced; key in grocery.
Q9= ELEGANT FLAT, 6 BOOMS, BATH;
0 — «-»• all new improvements. 762 Folsom.
•10 SUNNY FLATS: 5 ROOMS, BATH,
QxU. stable. 135 Fair Oaks s:.,nr. Twenty-third.
Ql-1 WATER FREE: PROSPEK ST.,
Oxti. off Sixteenth; half a block from Market;
lovely lower 4-room flat; snn all day; key north-
west corner Seventeenth and Sanchez sts.
JQ7I HAIGHT— LOWER FLAT. 4 ROOMS:
•JO I •> yard, basement; rent 911 6a
"1 r Tf\a PO>T— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNN V FLATS;
X I \JV gard°n. bath: 913 and $16.
"1 1 99 BROADWAY— FLAT OF 4 BOOMS;
xX^-w rent $14.
Q] L • WATER FREE: LOVE UPPER
•_ 1 ". modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third st.: key 4075.
"PJESIRABLS SUNNY FLAT .OK 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush si., bet. Franklin and Uou_h; rent, In-
cluding water, $42 50. ..
1 Qf\7 *TEINEK, NEAR HUTTER— LOWER
XtJU ( flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
I>LAT— A NICE FLAT AND" OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery St.
"VTEW FLAT, 5 BOOMS AND BATH; $12;
-I.' water free. 529 Ivy aye.
LKGANT NKW FLA'l^. ShVENTH BE-
X- low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS _ TEiJ
w~A. WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
IIOUSfcKEEPxNG liOOJls.
Ash Avenue.
"I HO ASH AYE.— 2 NICE UNFURNISHED
X\JO rooms for housekeeping; 98.
i>u.-h stream. 1
"I 93£ BUSH, CORNER LABKIN— 3 UNFUB-
J-^.«JO nl»hed housekeeping rooms ; first, floor.
Clementina Street.
AC! CLEMENTINA— UNFURNISHED
jul housekeeping room.
•r-Utiv Street.
Q1 7 EDDY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location ; private
family.?
OOQ KDDY -A SUITE OF LABGK SUNNY
«?—U unfurnished parlors, with kitchen; gas
stove: rent reasonable.
Ui Z. EDDY— a UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS,
axrj range; fine location; private family; refer-
ence. 9
Elgin Park.
€>f\ ELGIN PARK-3 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
"" furnished complete; piano; reasonable.
Fifth street. ,
01 A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
*JI kpg rooms: stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
> illtnore Street. .
Q1 A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
xV. lamlly. 2212 Fillmore st, near Clay. .
l«Uom Street. ■
C9f\ FOLSOM, BET. FIRST AND SECOND— 4
*J£i\J nice sunny unfurnished rooms; large yard.
70-: FOLSOM— S6 PER MONTH.; LARGE
• *JU sunny furnished front room; suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen. . -^
Ctoideu (.ate Avenue. .
1 51 0 GOLDEN GATK AVK.-FINELY PUB-
x<jx\j nlshed alcove ; housekeeping: $10. ■ •;
Harrison Street.
7>rn HARRISON— 2 NICELY FUBNISHED
I Ov/ rooms for housekeeping; alsoslngla ; cheap.
Hayes Street.
1 -11 Q HAVES— SUITE OF ROOMS; USE OF
Xttxt7 kitchen.
, uuwarit Stree..
QACI HOWARD-PLEASANT SUNNY SO ITK
t/lU of rooms with kitchen. . :
1 1 _19 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FBONT ROOMS,
XXriZi connecting;. water; rent $12 60.
1 Q.I id HOWARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH;
1 QUO » or 4 snany rooms, $8. '
90 AQ HOWARD ST.— PARLOR Fi^)Oß, 3
*.O\JO nicely, furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath, etc.; cheap: ■ or will let entire
honse: will take rent in board If desirable.
Lux-kin- Stree;.'
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FU RNIS H D
" — ') sunny housekeeping rooms: also single.
Qf)A LARKIN-SUNNY. FURNISHED BED-
Cvtt room ana kitchen, 99: double room, $7. i .
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA- PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and Taylor— Large room and kitchen.
A»innii " 1 yob.. '
rA fi MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OrtyJ housekeeping; large yard. ■ -
Ti .Minn' >'V -«<•».. ; '
P9l MISSION — BUITK SUNNY HOUSE-
C3-j1 keeping rooms; 910. . ."
QtMl MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED
<- Jl - l "2 room; complete for housekeeping; rent
cheap. . ■ :
OOQ MISSION— SUNNY BASEMENT. 99:
KJtjyj single and double rooms, $4 and $6 per
month. • . , . . . .■
1 999 MISSION— 2 ROOMS. FURNISHED
s *•-«••* complete for housekeeping; ga»; bath.
New. Montgomery, street.
1 NKW montgomi:ry-nkwly PA-
X \J%J pered and renovated: 'cheapest iurni3hed
housekeeping suites in city f sec them. , -.-■■'-..
Pearl < Street.* V .'
3 PEARL, COR. MAJUK^T. OPP. OCTAVIA-
2, Bor 5 well-furnished rooms. - -
HODSEKEKPINQ ROOMS — Continued.
v : Perry Street. ' . . •
QQ f* PINE UNFURNISHED SUNNY
«iT u. rooms: new house: separate 1 entrance;
rear. 263 Perry st. . ■ .■■ .
Pierce Street.
Q-J Q PIERCE, NEAR MCALLISTER— NEAT-
OxO ly furnished front suit, suitable light house-
keeping, with use of parlor, piano, bath; private
family. ' • •
. Post Street. '
IJI C POST — LOWER FLOOR TJNFUR-
* XkJ nished; whole or part; tor housekeeping; :
central. |
aeveutit street.
1 C>7 SJCVENTH— LARGE ROOMS FOB
XV • housekeeping; $8 and 99.
O'>wl SEVENTH -3 NICE SUNNY UN-
«J-*U2 furnished rooms: cheap.
bixtli s r«-o .
COQ SIXTH" — 2 : UNFURNISHED SUNNY
kJ^-O rooms, with cellar, for man and wife : 96.
ttockton street.
"VT W. COR. STOCKTON AND FILBERT— 2
xi . rooms furnished complete for housekeeping:
yard; cheap.
Tehams Street.
AOR TEHAMA — WELL - FURNISHED
"■•-*-' housekeeping rooms, 97; suites, #10: sin-
gles, S3 00; private. _^
» l.ird Street.
QAQ THIBD-SUITE OF LARGE BOOMS
*J\JO nicely furnliihed for housekeeping: 910.
"1 JO THIRD —8 UN V HOUSEKEEPING
JL"O rooms, complete; bath; gas.
< ) t ?fi THIRD. OLTON HOUSE — SINGLE
_;._.U suites: hoosekeep'g; 95 up; brick bid; yard.
THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OO^ keeping rooms: water and good accommo-
dation; rent 96.
Turk street.
t^A A TURK — SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
tirx'x suite; housekeeping optional; single rooms;
terms moderate.
IUMOIS TO LET.
California Street.
91 O/f CALIFOB.VIA— FURNISHED BOOMS
— 1 — "X for gentlemen.
Capp Street.
or CAPP— 4 SUNNY BOOMS TO-LET.
Eddy Street.
ton EDDY-SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS; 93 50
fJGKJ a month and upwards.
11Q KDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS 96
110 up; also front suite cheap.
ALL AT THE PORTSMOUTH FOR NICE,
J reasonable rooms. 41 Eddy, corner Mason.
•» -ii'itrt sircei.
O HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 251 BTH
0 at., near Market; furnished »nd unfurnished.
Eleventh Streeet.
001 ELEVENTH — NICELY FURNISHED
■-.Ox large bay-window r-.om; bath; reasonable.
JL-Uifi Utrooi. ~
rpHB RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MBS. KATE a
X HART, manager— A quiet honse; centrally lo-
cated: newly turnished: elevator: hot & cola water.
091 ELLIS, NKAB TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O-. 1 lodging we recommend the Koseflale House.
Q99 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
OJLiA CALHOUN, First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse: 60 rooms.
QQO ELLIS— SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
COO to one or two persons; no children; refer-
ence required.
tilth Street.
9QA FIFTH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
Z.O\J double and single.
Ntreei.
C_T\-I GEARY— NEWLY FUR.-TISH*D, SUNNY
OUI rooms: central; reasonable; new cor. flat.
1 AA GEARY. NR. KEARNY— ROOMS AND
J -i suites; day, week or month; country trale
solicited. .
91 71 GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
+*X I 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key -17
79A GEARY — DOUBLK PARLORS AND
4 Zd\3 kitchen for housekeeping. '
TITHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 910
month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Hickory Avenue
n HICKORY AYE.— FRONT BEDROOM FOR
a steady man: qniet home; English.
i.ii»..i.i Street.
COO HOWARD-SUNNY * SINGLE AND
U-iO double rooms, reasonable; gas: bath.
7H-L HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
• v/ _: nl-hed front; also housekeeping rooms.'
Jones Street. ~
907 WWW— THE VAN WINKLK. NEW
—> ' I inanacement: elegant sunny sntt*a mad
tingie: newly jurnlshed; bath, etc: SIU to s.ij.
*- c:. rnv strco.. '
A RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY -
-"V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
das* in every respect; terms reasonable.
\\/"E HAVE rooms TO rent, call at
'» Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Leavenworth Street.
CAT LEAVENWORTH, COR. O'FARRELL—
OXJX, Large, sunny, nicely furnished rooms; run-
ning water: grate; very reasonable; smaller front
rooms, 96 and 98. »
I 3i-rkwt v ;ree..
YOBEMITB HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 right, 860 to *1 : week. 91 50 to 95: families.
■ Jiluna >treo..
CiOTT MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— FUR-
UU I nisbed bay- window rooms; 91 per week.
Jutbion >tree—
f*-[ Q MISSION — NICKLY FURNISHED
UIO rooms, 15 to 50 cents per night; 91 to 92
per week. .
9409 MISSION. NR. TWENTIETH— NICE
4~~£\jZd sunny rooms: furnished or partly fur-
nished: suites or single; private. .
o'xitrrell Street.
COO O'FARRELI,— FRONT ROOM FOR GEN-
U-.O tlemati In private family: good home; ref.
00 I O'FABRELL— SINGLE AND LARGE
001 front rooms, newly furnished; rent cheap.
Pacific Street. '
Q1 7 PACIFIC— 3 FURNISHED BOOMS—
Vx I parlor, bedroom and kitchen: $13 month.
i'OSt • trues.
91 C POST-LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
ZjXO sunny suite for gentlemen; 932.
Hitch Street.
9,_1 BITCH— I SUNNY FRONT ROOM; 6UlT-
iii2 able for 2 gentlemen.
seventh Street.
100 SEVENTH — SUNNY FURNISHED
xOU front single rooms: $1 week.
- Stevenson Street.
Cf* A STEVENSON— LARGE UNFURNISHED
«JU-fc sunny room, suitable for dressmaking or
tailor. ;■■■,.■ ■ .. •
fill STKVENbON-SUNNY BINGLK TKONT
Ull room, furnished ; no "To let" sign.
VE N BO N - CHEAP SUNNY FRONT
\J±i\J roms, single or double.
• tuner Mtreor.
QOft SUTTER,,— FURNISHED BOOMS OR
O\l<D suites. 9126 to 910 a week; night, 25c to
91 50; transients solicited.
'7/1Q SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I v»J newly furnished sunny rms.: suite or single.
Tenth Street.
1 Or -SUNNY HALL BOOM; FRONT;
_L_.»J large closet: 94.
"1 »)Q TENTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
X*-(J light housekeeping rooms; also single:
cheap. -. ;
——— ■ .
lurk .Street.
K_X TURK— SUNNY FURNISHED
*Jrt*J room; hot and cold water.
99 # _1 TURK-LARGE PARLORS, WITH USE
Zi-j_: of kitchen.
1 A C -K± TURK- NEATLY FURNISHED
x «-»'! rooms to let.
- Valencia Street.
997 VALENCIA— TWO" SUNNY UNFUR-
*•*•> « nished rooms wi.h closets. 98. ..
y - - Van >c«» Avcnne. '
OA9 VAN NESS AYE.-PLEASANT SUNNY
*j\J£u hall room; also other gunny rooms.
1 Miscellaneous. . -
HANDSOME BUITKS: IN", MODERN DOWN-
-1 town fiat, with piano, sun and running water;
fashloiiable and quiet neighborhood; suitable for
discreet bachelor desiring tiret-cla6s apartments.
Audreys H. S., box 10, Call Office.
/-I OUGH. NR. PINK— LARGK SUNNY FRONT
"J alcove room, and large room connecting- fur-
nished or unfurnished: .board optional; private
family. Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
milE ALBEMARLE,. cob. MASON AND
x Market— Elegant sunny suite, fronting Market
St.; suitable fur 1. 1 doctor: rent reasonable.
UNJFUBNISHED *»i>OMS.
9QQ OAK-TWO UNFUI^ISHEDVaRLOBS^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
BOARDING k AND KOOMS.
QUIET HO'M E~FOR "EL D X 1 1 L YOR TnVAL IIS
lady; terms reßsonAblc: In private family. Ad-
dress O. p., box 135, Call Office. : .
IJ 1 9 PORT-LA SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
' -*■ *-i with board: use of parlor: piano: 945 for a.
HOTEL BEKTLING, 714 .BUSH— A FAMILY
' hotel: references given auu required; aUmoU-
t-rn convenience*. V nn>> iPiIH lim.ll IlliliHtlfWillWi^ll
CUIL3DKKN BO AKDKD.
"OELIABLE EXPERIENCED LADY WOULD
xXi like, child to boird aged 2 to 9: pleasant sunny
home; church: reference. 1616 Mason st. ' I
W ANTED— AN INFANT,, OH 1 OK 2 CHIL- I
" : dren to board; good home; terms reason-
acle. 1332 Howard st.
TO BOARD INFANT OK CHILD; NICE
x home; 9B per mon'h. Box 9. Call Office. Oakland.
STOKES TO; LET.
STORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
I cheap fin. . -. .
I -
OFFICES TO LET.
TO LET— ELKGANT OFFICES AND LODGK-
-^ rooms In the new bniliinß, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and -.His sts.; rent exceedingly low.
lift K i»»>Y-FINE SUITE: GROUND FLOOR;
X xv offices for aoctOr or den list.
OPHKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
I . kJ ilegant B»nav offices. $12 50 up: electric-light:
j beetliiK and janitor service free.' Apply at building
or v. H. I'MHSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
WO LKT _ THE w - TELL HOUSE. Sl7-319
J- -Hush si. : this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares with
Pest 2.1-«-l sHiio:cl in town. .M A nisON A: i.V ". XX
BICYCLES.
• 950; BEN, HUR, LADIEsTsSO;
x iieile's New, $50; Ben Hur Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS B ROB.. 25 Geary st.
T W I N F I E LD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
** . Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
AROAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
' ' single wheels. 306 Post st.
A '96 YOS~EMITE TANDEM; $85; ALMOST
new. W. CRANE. 324 Post st. •
"pARK .CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO l_5T:
x best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
AUister and Powell si. car lines. .•*■". '
fOit SALE-aUSCELLANEOUs.
Q9X ELEGANT, ALMOST NEW, HIGH-
—O. arm Singer sewing machine; 7 drawers;
cost 965: cause departure. 812 a Filbert st.
SHELVING, COUNTER. SHOWCASE. WA-
-0 ter-back range No. 7; other things. 910 Pacific
O~ LD VIOLINS; HARRINGTON PIANO. 406
Grove st.
Q«9K NICE, LIGHT BUGGY, OR WILL
•*-»-'• trade for strong cart. 115 Second st.
T«>PL FOR BUILDING ON LEADED LOT:
<© I Z.O suitable tor grocery. \\. CRANE, 324
Post st. ____•__*_
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKR,
$45: others from 9>o up. RE VALK, 310 CM.
6-AKMEDcK\ CHANDELItR, IN PEU-
V> feet order, at a sacrifice. 321 Hyde si.
Ci9?ih SODA FOUNTAIN: NEW 14-QUAKT
*®£Q\J. freezer 9100. 159 Second
GOOD SECOND-HANI) BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington su .
OILERS, KNGINKSS.2D-UANDMACHINKRY.
waterpipes. Mclntoab <fe Wolpman. 137 Beala.
J"?OR SALE-WINDMILL AND PUMP; .AL-
■ mos new. 3213 Twentieth n.\
BUY YOUR BABY carriages AND have
them repaired; separate partssold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage M'fg. Co., 442 Sixth.
VAMILY COW FOR SALE; CHEAT! 847
X Florida st.. near Twenty-first, below Bryant. '
T> A CIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H. P.: PERFECT
X. order- -2 Adams prtg presses: power. 616 Mission ]
ONE HORSEPOWER KNUIXE; CHEAP.
\J Apply 210 a 1-arkip st., after 6 p. m.
CO UNTK X S, SHE LVI NG, SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold. 1121 U. Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
L. UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUM-.KR, SAaHi_j
1 ' doors, mantels, etc. for wale. 1166 Mission.
Nil bil ALL MKliiUAl AND LARGK SliSiS
flr» and burglar proof safa. 103. 11l Market ii.
17«1RIS AND KG LaX eiAFK, LETT X IV
j X press, platform scales and desk :ch«ap. 10J Clay
■jvyisw range.-} cheaper than s_coni>
i.^ hand. A. a RAY :>l:i-('a. 12 California s.
SEWING MAI HiNES. ______
COST $65: SINGER SEWING-MACHINE;
sell cheap. 704 Howard St., cor. Third.
E W FAMILY SINGKRS FOR RKNT, $1
-L> per month: V. S. gingers, . $2. 1559 Market.
LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rate*. .05 Fourth St.
' ■'■ ■ - .* UUiCSES. . ..
BARGAIN— FOR SALK: FINE FAMILY
"team; dark bar horse,l6V-i hands high,6 years
old: wrr stylish: carryall and harness; almost
new. E. BROWN, at Otis & C 0.'5,318 Montgomery.
ONE UORSK AND WAGON CHEAP. IN-
qnlre 1619 Powell gt. ■ ■
T El BOLD HARNKbS COMPANY; 500 SETS
I XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
, scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
] trash ; send for catalogue. lip McAllister su, S. P.
"i p.n I6KTs ' NEW AND second HAND HAR-
-1 xu\j ness, all kinds: wagons, buggies, surreys,
I n>ckaways, carts; must be sold. i!2B Mission s;
Ann man SEW and SECOND-HAND ha*
wv/U ness; all kinds: bugtry.wacon, carte, surrey
ArockawaT; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
! 40 UORBES i-UK KALK; ALSO WAGONS,
TV bugcles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade HorM
.Market, 327 Six.h sU; auction sales every Wedue*-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
<JK>E-s PASTURED; Sfc.Nl> Kill CIKUC-
■ '•■r. Th» )!■■.]» Ranch. 6TO «'n^rrrrp|al st.
WAUUXd A.VO CAHKIAUKS. ~
BUGGY FOR SALE: IN GOOD CONDITION-
xj cheap; also dumpcart. 656 Howard su
"R I °Hi? ALE - GOODl>AI:T ! * 12 - APPLY 111%
X I bnillvansu, near Staoyan. >-"-■■,.
IOK SALK, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
£ carriages of every desc iption; cash, notes or
j ailments. Carvill Mfg Co., 46-48 8;h St., S. F.
N t u^? , '£ ON fORSALfc"ATA BARGAIN.
-*■* b26 iJevlsadero st., near McAllister.
SLIGHT!** Soiled driving gloves;
0 samples. H. M. H KINK man. 109 Sansome sU
ATEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKKRS'.LAUN-
_W^ .> «' lv i! k " na C rot ' er V wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine bagglrg. S2B Harrison st.
ATTORNEYS- AX-LAW^
A DVJCK FRKE— DIVORCE UWS A SPEUI-
J-wnif- P"Y a:# 1 B ? 1 charge unii!*s saccessfnl: aU
aw suits, claims, collection!, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended tq v. W. HOWK, att'yat-law. 8..0 M «ic*L
j 1 i & FHU.UPB-0. 8. AND STATE COURTS 7
I •«Vif * m l K * cases » specialty: money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. Offices 508 California.
W M^ I l AMt i AIT ' V " AT ' LAW ! 581 PARROTT
" .bldg. Practices in all conrts;ckarges moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED: NOPUB:
■LJlidty; advice free, conUdentlal. P.O. box 2132.
H Tn. K^°' attorneyTatvlaw, chron:
XX,. »c-le oldg; advice free: moderate: open evngs.
—^_^ FHYSICIA_NS.
R^ovTKD^njß77T7r7>Tjo^7n : nnrTo^i«ji
Market st. ; diseases^ woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
' his museum. 1051 Market st.: hU 30 year?
successful practice Is a guarantee 01 fair treatment-
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mml
TRUSTEES' SALES.
mRUSTEES' SALE-IN ACCORDANC-TwiTH
X ih- terms and under the authority of a certain
nRMA-ir rnBt - executed by TOBIAS M. "iN-
OAMi^tP?" 7 i"n, the fim J> an - t«> HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT Trual
tees. p»rt,p B of the second t,art. and tbe San Fr^-
clsco Savings Union, party of the third part dated
December 29tb, 1887, and recorded In the ofHce of
the County Recorder of the Cltv and Coumv of 'an
Francisco. State of California, In Liber _276 of
D?eds, at pages 65. aud following: and In pur
Jarufrv ISBH^h tiOa passea on th * 23d "lav of
■fin JVw 1 li^'.^V 111 ' Board °* Direc:ors of
said SAN FKANCISCO SAVINGS ONION I
corporation, and the holder of tbe notes (No 8556)
Jf»«f Ure W™™ l of wl »lch the aforesal.l d4d of
h«n m W «rt» , exe K cuted ' declaring that default had
»nrt VZ ade ' D tb _ P»y»ent of the principal sums
m«; Dt^ BUn>s ' due under said -otes ana deedof
L n £®££M&£&r M * descrlbed sss
B X K e KN-r "Vi Y < _i BisLlj » nd TnADDEUS
TUKsniV -?* 2° hereby Rive notice that on
10 7, , tne4 day of August, A. D. 1896 at
13 o'clock noon of that day. and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldrid^e & Co.. No 038 Mark«t
«w«,l B tbB City and County of San FranSsco
btate of California, we will Be i| at publlcaScJfon'
United htaeg. all that piece or parcel of land sit
Commencing at the corner formed by the Inter-
he easterly line of Mason .treet. and running
ihcnce easterly, along said line of Pa. in 0 stree l
on- hundred and thr^e fret two .nch"s Tios Hnrt
'-'-12 tett) : .hence at right angles s " uhtr Iv si x - v
two feet sis inches (b2 and 6-12 feet)- then<« _•
right : ancles wester! v, ; twenty-aevln ' t?*t»^
inches (27 and 8-12 feet ; thenc'w ri K h? aS
southerly, ten feet six inches (10 Indite?-
thence alright angles west^rl^, seventy-five feet
and six Inches (75 and 6-12 feet), to B ald easterly
lino of Mason street: and thence along
the last-named line, seventy-three (73 feet) ' to thl
point of comm»ncemcni: l ""'• ° * no
Being portion of fifty-vara lot number thrae
hundred and thirty-rive (335)- " v m M tare®
Together with fie appurtenances.
- Terms of sale— Cash In gold coin of the United
SUtes; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
trie fall of the hammer; .balance on delivery of
deed: and If not so paid, unless tor want of ilt?e
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten ■
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void
Acts 01 sale at purchaser's expense
; HENRY C. CAMPBELL W
V THADDEUS B. KENT '} Trustees.
PERSONAL*.
'T^EAMCaNG^NT : L^M^n729"yEARSOLD.
/A. educated, refined and well to. do, would like
to correspond with young lady or wiuow of refine-
ment; will answer all letters: object luatrimonv.
Address JAMES, box 64, ' Call Offlce.
ATCII AND JEWKLKY~~REPAIRIN7r
'» stone engraving, monograms, crests: low
prices; work guaranteed. J. N. BKITTAIN, 20
Geary St., near Kearny. - . . .
V HAIR-DRES=.ING IS THK KIND THAT
will catch a woman's eve and excite her envy ;
my price is only 25c; my 'QulnonU". hair tonic is
the be««t thing for strengthenlnK and preserving
the hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
"PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
X 10<:: Bxloand 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17. 25« i; ltiT.O, Soc;_lBx22. 35c: 20x24
45c: 22x28 Inches. 60c JONES. 647 Mission st.
DVIUK FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS A SPB.
dally; private: no charge unless successful; all -
law soit*, claims, collections, wills. «Je»d3. etc. at-
tended ta O.W. HQWE.atty-at-law. t>so Market st
"DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL of magazine
X and Newspaper Illustration, 424 Pine st., Is now
open, after the vacation, or particulars apply or
address above. ■ ■ J .
VI RS. DR. PORTER. CH I KO 11 1 ST AND A-
-I>l clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge-
purest toilet articles. 1-tf Kearny st., room 47.
MRS. SADIE EVANS* COSMETIC PARLORS,
«65V^ Market St. , room la. -■»■■
ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner;small capital. 122 Post St.. , r.2
I EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
Aj out publicity: advlco free and confidential. J.
O. JEFJb'rtESS, 402 Montgomery St.. room la:
IG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW t.VK-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of hiui-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTUE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
j. V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc: also
dress goods, cloaks. jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY . ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st.. near Market-
-200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, 915 upward. Cut-rate
Talortng Company, lll7 Market St., bet 7th ana Bth.
A ZOR- FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V: FINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchge. 63oMarket
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPKCIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat: dentistry. Cal. <fc Kearny.
LOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
J mauntra' cost. Factory, 20 t-ansome. upstairs.
31BKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JifW*
J dry, etc.; lowest rate*. »4H Market st.
KO/. Y N.-KI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
GOLD. SILVER. l^KNTa' AND LADIE-f
clothing bought. rOL.MAN. 41 S<i. cor. Je^M».
I>KKS!»MAKEI(S. ~~
T\RESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn 91 np. r.or>'' 4 Natoma sU. above Sixth.
— — — — - — —
UCCESS^ABhOLUTELY GUARANTEEa
C 5 Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clalrvoyauts, will give ad-
vice on business speculations,' Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influence*,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy st.
Hours irom 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
IT AN A THE GYPSY. r ~
This remarkable woman has just, arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises yon on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* tbe separated
snd causes speedy a d happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
ME. BIKWKRT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness ot your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
she sails for Europe: she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUK, CELEBRATED GYPSY, US-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 10 8. Booms 44-45, 308
Stockton st. : elevator.
MMX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v.-nh a double veil an I
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st., or. Jones,
PEIURNKI), WOKLD-RKNUWNED MMti
Jk SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells pass,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MMb. AKNDT, .UUSi' tUKI'U.Ni; TKLLER IN
the world: 600 and $1, shows you the Dlctureot
your future hnshand or vvif». 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
Fss BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ-
or. late from Guatemala. 105 Larkln st., r. 2.
-MX. SVBILLK TKLLb FROM CRADLE TO
grave; ladle*, 25c; nts, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
MME. i i < . fa.TTIS — PRESENT, PAST AND
-■'X future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
A j M f.. MI . I ! KTu, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
-"■»- past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
Al ME. RAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
■I'l business advice ; names glven:'2scup. 5 Fourth.
E>T CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST IN
the city: fee only 'soc 29 Kddy street.
RSI KNIGHT, LAIKVoY'ANT. CARD
reader; fee 50c; ladies only. 714 Leaven worth.
YPSY LIFE- READER': LADIES 26c;
. gents 60c: all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
\A IB* ti. J.ULANA BO .l . 1 M |.. n AL M AO-
•'1 netlc healer: H>st medium." MO Market, r. 80-31
-—_————_—_ __ __
bflKlllALlSil.
\ VEBITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOJUEKIS
MRS. DR. A. D.' HOWE.
FEE H A UPWARD!- FEE «1 & UPWARD!
HOPK, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that ll:e Is yet worth living!
US. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in th* ten years past. Is
a train at her old. office-*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, - and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who wilt either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brougut to the unlucky; love to i he loveless: the
separated are united: the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; it you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her nt once. Her tran-
scendent po*.ver is as tar above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate ber as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NKVEIi FAILS, She does
not know : what ■ failure mea. is! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment uy mail ll always most suc-
cessful and sat!sfac:ory. All letters answered..
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE 91 & UPWARD! FEF. 91 & UPWARD!
-IRS. DR. A. D. BOWK,
1320 Market st., odd. Seventh.
San Francisco. .
ATIE HEUSSMANN'S GRAND TEST
meeting to-night. 326 McAllister st.; admis-
sion free. - ■ ' « '
ICIKCLE TO-NIGH T; YOUNG,
x6O McAllister st.: skeptics Invited.
RANK HARTK, 1027 MARKET ST.; QCES-
tions oy mall. 91; ladles. 60c; gents, $1.
DDIE SWAIN; ASTRAL SEER. 344 Mo
Alllster st. ; si.tiUKS to ladies, 1 to 8 P. it.
"MRS. SHRINER: TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
lU teats to all. 25c: sittings daily. 311 Van Ness.
AT FRIENDSHIP HALL. 326 MCALLISTER
st. , Mrs. C. J. Meyer holds a strictly test
circle Tuesday and Friday, Bp._; admission 10c.
EDWARD KARLK. INDEPENDENT SLATE-
- writer, 330 Ellis St., will only be In city a short
time; make appointments now.
MRS. Dr/mIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
ISHOP GABRISON, 1 370 MARKKT; SEAN-
I) ces Tuesday . Friday even's, 26c; 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT WLA'I'K-
• writer. 118 Halght st ; hours 9 until 6P. m.
\i BS. KATK IIOSKI.NS, TRANCK AND Busi-
i'l ness medium: ' sittings dally: f\. IH6Oak«U
~ - •■■ ASTKOLOGV. .-■:■' ~
"a^hiveTS^mrsT"!! a s rREAD~HEAD'
-"V and palm, also cards: tells past, present, fu-
ture; price 25c 148 sixth St., room 5.
STUOLOGY ANDMKDICINK NATIVITIES
or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health.- 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3. —
" ■ ,-, : iitiNlisT^ .-...- ~ ~
_T^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ketsu. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists-
only reliable agent for. painless extraction; artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from 91; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. •• "
THIRST-CLASS- DKNTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X" 1 rices; first-class results; ' painless , extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. . W. CHAR-
DINO'. C.M., M.D., 600 Sutler St., corner Powell.
1 \H. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET »!'.."
xj near Eleventh: no charge ior extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per Ml: extracting 50c; gas given.
R. GKOKUK -W. - LEEK, T.IK GENUINE
Leek dentist, dlscover«r of painless extraction
and patentee of 1 Improved bridge -.work •or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O'FarrelisL
11. L. T. « EXTRACTION PAINLESS,'
crown . work." bridge work : and ■ teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ava.
<E_><7, A SET FOR TKKTU: WARRANTED A*
•UP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
centlai.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. V'Uv
TJAINLKSS! >' tXTRACTION. . • 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up: 13 rear i
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. nh% Geary.
, .it. J.-I'CKETT, 170» -PO.-.T ST., NEAR BU-
i ' cnaniin; gas given; crown and bridge woric.
"U>ULL .-ci Kjtr TKbl 11, t »7;- WARRANTKU
X I fivi. years. 'DIV V. CA V aLSKY. 21 isixth K. ".
S" ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A ri___\_. UK tL
O. YOU 1841 Polk 81. . : ' .
DENTAL ASSOCIATION. bOd M_«-
ket Hi. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. :--.: : -■•;
DR. J. J. LEKK, 1206 MARKET, COR, GOLDEN
G am —Open evenings ; ; Sundays till noon. '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
LEG ANT HOilE." "~ "' • '"■" ""■'"''"■";".
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
SUTTEB, NEAR FRANKLIN.
on €> (inn A handsome residence
tipj->i.\i\j\J. of 8 rooms and ba'b. on the north
side of Sutler sU; well built and in firs: -class con-
dition; fine neighborhood; lot .oxllo ft. through
to Austin aye. - . ■ -.
. EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO..
6Sg Market st.
"PINE INVESTMENT. ' r ~~ ' : *
x ' DESIRABLE FLATS.
ALWAYS RENTED.
QOKfin 3 MODERN FLATS OF 8. 7 AND 6
t?'JiJ\J\J . rooms and bath, on the north side of
Howard St.. bet. B'.h and 9tb. : only four years old;
mortgage *5000 can remain; cost over 912.000.
EASTON, KLDKIDGK & CO..
. . ." :- : : - r '. ' ;. 638 Market st.
ODERN HOME. ~ ~ ~ r
OVERLOOKING THE PARK PANHANDLE
AT SACRIFICE. :
S7Kf)A handsome MODERN resi-
l*jy>\J. dence ■ 12 rooms and bath on Lyon
St.. nr. ( ak; in splendid condition; complete in a 1
the latest details; : only 4 years old: coat over
1*9500; will take . part payment In San Rafael
property. EASTON, ELDRIDGE _; CO.,
:- •.--■■-•'■•'• 638 Market st. '
/CHOICE FLAT-. : " ~~ ~ ~~ ~~"
\J DESIRABLE LOCATION.
HALF A BLOCK NOKTH OF MARKET ST.
Cj /If^nn FINE PAIR OF. FLATS, 5 AND 6
UP tO\'\J. rooms and bath on N. side of street:
lot 25x115 feet: this property has a grand future.
EASTON, ELDUIDGE & CO.,
■■ 638 Market st.
HANDSOME HOME. ; ! ~~ " '
ALMOST NEW.
NEAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
CM9XA MODERN COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS',
«23^i--c>v/ • batb, hish ba_euient, etc.. on the
north side of Hayes St., near Lyon: lot -silOO feet;
mortgage $2500, in the UibernH Bank.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ ' ' ■ ■ 638 Market st.
ijIG values. : ~ ~ ~
X> IN income-paying PROPERTIES.
ALL special barga ins. . - - '
ffl» "1 CAI - FLA IS OF 4 ROOMS EACH, NR.
tin 1 OV/V/. Jones aud Sacramento sis., rents for
918 per month. •
$4250.
FOUR HOUSES.
It NTS $52 PER MONTH.
NEAR STH AND HARRISON.
LOT 37:6x112 FEET.
<2_innn A northeast corner ON
<jp "*"""• Union st., containing store and 4
rooms; fine lot 37:6x62:6 feet. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ . ■ 638 Market at.
- A SELECTED FEW. "
-V SPECIAL BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTb.
OIjCrAA sw - COX JONES AND PACIFIC:
i|UOUUo b0x62:4-_
(&Q£»An choice lot ON PRESIDIO
«CSODUU. Heights: 60x127:8.
<P»OXAA ELLIS ST., KB. BTELNER; 25x
§83000. PAGE ST., NR. FILLMORE; 25 -
CJO7AA TWENTY-FOURTH, NR. TREAT
*$•£ I \J\J. aye.: 37:6x100.
59500 42 ' LOTS IN O. L. BLOCK 1092.
©9Qnft FOLSOM, NR. FOURTEENTH;
%J)_j_»UU. 25i122:6.
(•OOXA COR. SIXTH AYE. AND B ST.;
tJ_.J.OU. 3'J:6xloo.
QlOnA TWENTY-SECOND &T., NEAR
<3)xOUU. Church; 60:11x114.
Qji Ann FOURTH AYE., NB. CALIFOR-
OxUUU. niast.; 25x120.
©7KA TENTH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA
«JP 4 O\J. St.; 25x120.
Q_L9^ TWENTIETH AYE., NR. POINT
«IP"±--t-'. Lobos; 25x120.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
HINTS TO REAL ESTATE ~ ~ ■■ . ■
- INVEHTOBS AND HOME-MAKEna
Yon can make some money now bulng land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport city.
. You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others.
You can make the most money if you select a
place naturally situated for a town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date public and private 'im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation !lii"s to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet for enough
away from any to Insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, BL'lf-siipiiortina; and independent community.
FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers splendid Inducementt to those
about to start business of any description.
For suburban homes it r vals any of the thickly
populated centers around the bay.
It Is only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from dayilgh'. until after midnight. -•,
Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHURCH EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS. I
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements.
NOTE THE KLEGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider :he social advantages sure to multiple
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your Investment in a prospec ive business center
as compared with the many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
SEE FITCHBCRG.
Invest Judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready to bui a on, size 23 ana 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep. ... .
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fltchburg. San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
■VTEITHER GOLD NoR SILVER AT 63 IS IN
1> it with thl* bargain !
CJQSA JUST REDUCED- AND WORTH
fffiUUXJ. double; building lot on K. side of Dia-
mond St., bet 21st and 22d: 1 block from ( astro-
cars; note the larjre size, 50x125; street macad-
amized and sewered; 9650 bank mortgage can
stand. Owner -means business: the price proves
that. Take your money from the bank and pick
this up. H. K. POEHLMAN, 415 Montgomery st.
L" OR SALE, ON KABY TERMS: 9500 CASH,
x $35 per month: 2 beautiful modern cottages,
containing porcelain tub, Hied bathroom, 2 elegant
mantels in each spurious i.all: finely decorated
throughout; finished basemen and attics: must
be seen to.be appreciated; one located on the
NW. corner or 25th and Diamond sis.: tot 35 feet
front: the finest home and Kite In the Mission:
the other is located on Golden Gate aye., between
Baker and Lyon, and is almost completed. For
terms apply to S. A BORN, owner and builder,
4079 Twenty-fourth St., near Castro.
SMALL HOMES, 910 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st .
AN RAFAEL LOT— 7sxl3o: WORTH 93000,
for $1650: nice lot: healthiest town: best
street: make offer. J. R. ROCHE, P. O. box 1876
SUBSTANTIAL, modern house BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room; call and sea
plans. JAMKS McCONAIIEY. 1149 Mission St.
LOST.
J — " LADY'S" OPEN-FACED SILVER,
XJ watch. Reward If returned to this office.
OBT-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of MARGARET YOUNG, No. 133,249.
The finder will please return to bank.
1 OST— BUCKSKIN PURSE, DOUBLE CLASPS*
J i containing .$6O in gold; liberal reward to the
finder. Call 107 Beale at., city.
STORAGE.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THK CITY -. FlRB-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln. • :
I-»U KNIT URK, PIANOS, TRUNKS; • AD-
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post
~A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
A, low rates: fire-proof building: Kastern plan. '
r TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— 9OxIOO: LARGE BUILDING:
suitable for manufacturing purposes; corner
Seventh and Bryant sts. 411 Montgomery s\ ■
PROPOSALS,
WHITENING AND TINT-
King schoolhonses— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In -open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, Juiy
23, 1896, at 8:S0 o'clock p. it., for wbl:enlne and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and county of
San Francisco: Broadway, Buena Vista,- Cleve-
land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den- i
man, Edison, - Emerson, Everett, Fairmonnt, 1
Franklin, Fremont, Garfleld, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, Huight. Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst, ]
Henry Durant, Horace Mann, Hurabo^dt. Irving, '■
John . Sw?tt, : Jefferson, Lafayette, Le Conte, La-
£lina Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell High, ■
Madison, Marshall, 'Mission, Monroe, Moulder, -
Ocean House, Pacific -Avenue," Pacific Heights',
Peabody, Polytechnic. Bedding, : Richmond, Kin- ■
con, Snerman, South Cosmopolitan, Sheridan, '
South San Francisco, -Spring .Valley, Stanford •
Starr Kin?, Sutro, Washington, Webster. West "
End, : Whittler and Vv infield Scott schools; all
work to be done in accordance wi.n specifications "
on file at the storeroom of the School Department, '
corner Pine an: Larkin stA. . Each bidder will be '
required to submit a separate estimate on each of '.
the above-named buildings. ■■ The board reserves '
the right to reject any or all bids as the public
good may requ're. • ■ - - ]
- GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary. 1 ; i
PROPOSALS . FOR ; A STONE BULKHEAD— !
X Sealed proposals will be received by the Super- .
intendent of common Schools In ocen session ' of -.
the Board of Education, new City Wall, San Fran- ,
Cisco, -on i Wednesday, . July 22, 1896,- at , 8:30 i
o'clock p. m.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at -
the Lafayette Primary _ School, in die' City and '
County of San ; Francisco, In < accordance with the .
specifications (and , the - conditions -7 mentioned -
therein) at the offlce lof Charles >I. Havens, archl- : 1
tect of the board, room 55, Flood building, corner ■
Fourth and Market stree s. ■ The board reserves .
the right ; to . reject any or all -. bids as the public '
good may require. : •' - I
a_Mgfaf > -.> GEORGE BEANSTQN, Secretary. • <
._>_ COUNTRY - REAL ESTATE.
rro BE.NT, SONOMA CITY— HpUSE OF SIX
X rooms, sis acres of land, partly orchard, barn
and outbuildings, suitaM lor a home or chicken
raising; excellent neighborhood: near schools;
tine climate. Address L. X., box 80, Call Office. •
CjJOiin - 40 ACK>;s ON MAIN COUNTY
tip-IVUV/. road in Pleasant Valley: housr of II
rooms; large barn: plenty of water and wood: 140
acr«s under cultivation; will exchange for house
and lot in Oakland.
(El TO 5250 1 PER ACRE FOB SMALL
<1P x _» v tracts near Woods.de, San Mateo County ;
some of the fines, land in he state: just the place
ior a nice homo; call and inquire about this
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
"FOB BENT.
Those beautiful and finely located springs In
Sonoma County, near Russian River, fine building
completely furnished: iron, magnesia, sulphur and
other springs: also 240 acres land included: nouse
now filled with summer boarders; rent reasonable
to a responsible parti. -■
EDWIN K.ALSfP & CO.,
■ ..- Room 29, second floor. Mills building.
Qf-JXAfi HALF ITS COST; 280 ACRES;
*&\JkJ*J\J. Sonoma County; fruit, poultry, slock;
few miles to railroad and steamer. Address H C,
box 87, Call Office. .
O(\ ACI'.KS LEVEL LAND 8 MILES FROM
vjv Santa Rosa: of no use to owner; will sell at a
sacrifice. J. J. O'RODRKE, 902 Broadway. Oak-
land.
AN ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 3*-6 Montgomery st.
~\\ ARIN: COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES -6 MILES
iX from city: to 8 any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water .transit; $40 to »75 per
acre; terms to suit. - Syndicate Investment Cum-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
4 L A M D A COUNTY FRTIT LAND; CHOIC-
-fV est in the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward. 835 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell; iy a houte inn S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
LITTLE HOMtS. CLOSK TO TOWN, ISIT
proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on S and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market m. S. F.
CtNUi'uutltK LIST U* 1 OKCUAKD H<.).\li>.&
0 tornala. Win >ST >■ X .'■ U'.l I itm>. •""'I ■!»«»■
A'KOI'JiKT- TO _.XCiIAJ»GIi.
FOR exchXnge— 2 "lots in stockton'
near electric road, $1000. clear; 12 lo's, Acton,
Los Angeles County, $1000, clear: modern cot-
lage, 5 rooms and stable, Oakland Ban* Mor:-
-e,51250; modern 7-room house. Pacifif avenue,
i^anta Cruz, bank mortgage. ¥3000; 160 acr
Howell County, Missouri, $1600, clear: barirains
in houses and lots for sale. BKN HAM & THOMAS.
4e5 Nlnih st., Oakland.
HOC AND LOT IN EAS I' OAKLAND FOP.
park lots. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
HOUSE AND LOT I.V HEATTI.K
for ranch. DI.CX KH, 1020 Market at.
9 GOOD- t-ANCHK- (CLEAN) EXCHANGE
«- for a buslnes i. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
1 *>Kn ACKfc:s ■■IiMbUR LAND, KKItN *..>..
J _^IJ\; !in.-:..rpa» '.-r-'« n ->. N..bx.l6.Cail
. >- iU.OKiJ.' '10 LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BOND;*, DIAMONDS,
. watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re--
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLiIY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
<ttl HO OHO to loan, CITY, at t>%; also
<t3DJ.t/U. UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small ortarzesums
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB <_ Ca'TjuS-SsO
Montgomery st. .
■\f OSKY LYING IDLE; TAKK AT $5 INTEK-
J-'I- est per month lor each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LOANED OX JKWisLKY . ANJ
ether valuables at the Fecumy Loan Office.
JlU6Markeisl..nr. Mason: private *ntrano« 7 Turi.
1 \IRKCT ON YOLK FUKNITURK OR PiANu
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: lo.v
Interest. Km. 68. Donohue bide. 1170 Market st.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE.*:
eitates, undivided interests, real estate in Uf9-
bate. McCOLG AN. Mi Montgomery, room 3.
IfcT <3t -JO MoitTt4A(JK.->: INTKKhrt T."j IN K.-4-
tates;lowes; rates :no rtelav.Mt r RPHY.62B Mrk'.
A DVANCE-SON DIA.MUNUn.JKW KLitV. _TU
J* C'olnmbia iAin ; t- «-oll»ti»r»l .■;;■'•» 9 <»i— ,n* <r>
PAW.NIJKOKIiKS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: nledges for sale cheap.
MONEY WANTED.
Ay ANTED— TO BORROW $500 FOR 1 YEAR;
''will give bonus: real estate in probate as se-
curlty. Address K. X.. box 101. Call. '
~~~ ~ LEGAL NOTICES.
\:otice to ere ditorsT^-"estXte "OF
-»-> RICHARD CUNNINGHAM, decensed. some-
times called RICHARD C. CUNNINGHAM.
Notice is hereby given by the un<ier*ignel ad-
xninis:ratr!x of the estate of RICHARD CUN-
NINGHAM, deceased, to the creditors if, and all
persons having claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit = them with the necessary vouchers,
within ten months after the first publication of
this notice, to the said administratrix, at room 16,
seventh floor, Mills building. San Francisco, Cal.,
the same being the place for th» transac ion of the
business of the said estate in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
ALICE I. CUNNINGHAM,
Administratrix of the estate of RICHARD
CUNNINGHAM, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. tine 80, 1896.
JNO. W. BOUBDETTE,
Attorney for Administratrix, Mills building, San
Francisco. , .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
<£ O IAA A FINE CORNER LOT 40x100 ON
> '3A'*-'« Jackson st.. near Bt_- A. H. BLOW.
1010 Broadway, Oakland. . -
©9700 2-STORY 6-ROOM HOUSE; BATH;
•IT— * I \J\J. high basement; all new and modern
in every particular; lot 52x100: con.«r of Twenty-
fifth aye. and Twenty-third St.. Ea<t Oakland-
easy terms. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broad way.Oaklnd.
Gil AOd NEW 6 ROOM, 2-SIOKY HOUSE;
*S>xri.\J\J. all modern: lot 25x111; Valdezst.,
near Park aye ; «mail cash payment and balance
on monthly payments. A. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway, Oakland..' •_ -•'■,■
TujTfxTJA 8 ROOMS, ALL NEW AND MOD-
'\r*J*J\l\J . em: 2-story residence; I lot I 40.\{K)-
Brush St., near Twelfth St.; this property is a great
bargain, and must be sold by August 1; easy
terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
Q_r»X/lA 8-KOOM NEW COLONIAL HOUSK:
t£)\JO\>\J. 2-siory. bath, basement and all moa-
ern in every respect; southwest corner West and
Nineteenth sts.: lot OOxiOO: easy terms. A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
<£ 99^(1 WE WILL BUILD YOU A'i-STORY
<JP_i_-OV. 6-room house for $2250 or an 8-room
for $2500; lot 40x125; In the Urove-st. Tract; on
Grove sl, near Russell: monthly payments. A.
H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
T7»OR SALE— OR .6 : ACRES; ALL IN
X bearing fruit: gocd house; 2 barns; chicken-
bouses, etc.; free water piped to house and grounds*
on electric road; sightly location; as a whole,
$5500; BVa acres, with buildings, 94000; worth
double the money. BENHAM & THOMAS, 485
Ninth st- Oakland. . . . .
flt^r; LOTS AND UPWABD-ALLENDALK
tsi O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Frultvale.
top acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a fine school with 'i elect ie roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 flown, balance 95 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON EH, owner. .■-■■'■- •:..-.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISKMENXS
OFFICE— PARK STREET \
: 'alameda real" estate.
fo byT ■ 7^BooS"Tutoui w? co?
«JP«J_j_»V. taee. 6 rooms, large lot: former price
•4500; must be sold. T. F. - BAIRD, 1303 lark
St., Alameda. ' ■ ' - - ;. .gSaEJ^Q
tpOR SALK— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE
X: a moder 1 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, bath. etc. •
grounds, 75x175: furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye., near
Park St.. Alameda. A very tine newStelnway
piano also for sale. '. ' :-. , •
< ALAMEDA* HOUSES TO LET.
BURNISHED COTTAGE; 5 BOOMS AND
x' bath: for rent- St. Charles St., Alameda- 3
nii^tes to broad or narrow gauge roads. Address I
r M. I AMBORN. 14-28 Morion st.. Alameda. Ca. !
s _-; l.l.i.htLt.l ; a ' i.x-AL ; tsTATii.
C-ROOM MODERN COTTAGK.'..... ......$l2BO
O 5-room modern cottage... . ■ 91000
i-room cottage, hard-Hni-hed .......! $750
J-room cottage, partly finish d . " *450
F. BOEOLK, Golden Gate Station. ""'■■'"* ■
DAVE RENT— ONLY S1500; MODEkN, NEW
0 4-room cottage; 1 block from station: pay-
-ents same as rent; 40-foot lot. .M. L. WUhTS
>pp. Dwlght-way station. .-.-,- :u 
MOOD HOMES i'OK RKNT OR FOX SALK
h^ k D nT.^ 'SJ!?-* °' °- MA V A ca. real tslatd
md building, 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
to*kpii J. Mason, KKa L khtate , AND
it Insurance Rgent. Berkeley statn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY KOOMS AND JJOAKDING,
pULTUBKD HOME FOB- YOUNG LADIES
U attending college; sunny rooms; excellent
;aoie: ; 1 block ■ from university : * referencea re-
lulred. .'Address R. R., Berkeley, CaL
_ . — _ _— — -
THE DIVOKCIS llEUOlii>.
Complaints filed: ■ ■ • -. ■ :
Mart* D. Wood against W. Roy Wood.
Abicait Maxwell against Wyman M. Maxwell.
Divorces granted:
Lil.i- Bell Walsh from James J. Walsh, deser-
tion; Judge Dsiiiirerfleli). Custody of minor child
awarded plaintiff. • ■ ' -• ' •
Liiilli^ — JiAKKiA^-- JMilllUL
i:oitx. •
EDWABDS-At Angel Island, July 16. 1898, to
the wife of Signal sergeant G. K. Edwards, a
daughter.
H AN>ON— Oakland. June 9, 1696, to the wife
or T. K. Hanson, a daughter.
HOEPNER— In this city, July 15, 1893, to the
wife of C. Hoepner, a son. . : •
LATI.MKR— In this city. July 20, 1896, to the
wife of Charles F. Latimer, a son.
WAHLERS— In this ci-y, July 8. 1896, to the
wile ol Henry F. G. Wahter*. a daughter.
.MAitx;__;«j.
CONWAY-MARTIN - In this city. July 19,
1b96. by th« Rev. William C. loud. Major Con-
way and Annie Martin, both of Sail Francisco.
ROCKMAN— MURKAY— In Red Bluff. July 15,
1808. William Rockman of Klrkwood, Tehama
County, and Annie Murray of >an Francisco.
XJIED.
Anthony, Henry J. , Mnllllard, Adolph
Hailey, Peter Francis Mnzzarini, John
Bogaaeb, ottii;e McKenzie, Philip
cop, an<i. Elizabeth McNamee. William
Davis, Mrs. Rachel N.w.11-BurntM, J. W.
Friei, Daniel O'Connor, Jeremiah
Geary. John O'Connor, Daniel
Insrersoil, Mary Jesus Reardon. Jerry J.
Kenney, Agnes Schmidt. Maria F. M.
Kelly, William Solan. Henry
Ling, James Wall, Catherine A.
Wheeler, Cant am R. H.
ANTHONY— In this city, July 19, 1898. Henry
J.. dearly beloved husband of L»na Anthony,
and father of Joe, Meyer pnd Abe Anthony,
a native of Germany, aged 56 years.
Friends and acquaintance) are reiro"!"-
fuiiy invited to attend tile funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at Hi o'clock a. m., trom his late
residence, 123y 2 Langton street, between Fol-
6om a:id Harrison. lu.erment New Salem
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train. Please
omit flowers.
BAILEY'— In this city. July 19. 1896. ' Peter
Francis. be:oved son of Pea* and Rose Bailey,
and bio her of May, James. Edward and Annie
Bailey, a native of Lynn, ass.,' aged 27 years
2 months and 17 days. {Lynn (Mass.) papers
please copy.j
Jt3T" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invr.ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence, 1332 Florida street, thence to si.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his s .v!, com-
menfinsatlO a. m. Inttruient Mount Calvary
Cemf.er.-.
A. O. F.— Onioers and members of Court America
No. 7916. A. .0. F. : You are hereby notified to
attend the fun«ral of our late brat ier. Peter F.
Bailey, from hi* late residence, 1332 i-'lorida
street. THIS DAY (Tuesda.). at 9:81' o'clock
-a. m. Fines for non-attendance. By order.
K. L.VJS DGREN. C. R.
F. Bkaaksma, Financial Secretary.
Y. M. I.— Officers and memberj of Phil Sheridan
Council No. 72, Y. M.1. : You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Peter F. Bailey, from his late residence, 1»8'2
Florida street. THIS DAY' (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock a. it. Fines for non-attendance. By order
of J. n. PIN a.m. President.
H. A. Gam.aohkk. Recording Secretary. . .
BOGASCH— In m. Louis, Mo., July 15, 1898,
Ottilia Kogasch, dearly beloved mother of
Eugene Bogasch. age-i 86 years. .. ..
COPLAND— In this city. July 20, 1596. Elizabeth
Copland, a native of Scotland, aged 40 years 4
months and 13 days.
DAVIS— In East Oakland, July 19, 1896. Mrs.
Rachel Davis, beloved mother of Charles W.,
funnier IL, George E. and Andrew 1.. Davis and
Mrs. Eliza C. Watts an I Air*. Est her Fredaon
Crowell, a native of Maine, aged 81 years 1
month and 21 days. . :
49-Tbe funeral will take place TOMORROW
(Wednesday) from her late residence, 1230
Nineteenth avenue, East Oakland. '
FRIEL— In this city, July 11, 1896, Daniel, be-
loved husband of Mary Friel and father of Daniel
Patrick Kriei, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 86 years.
A3~Frlendi ana acquaintances are resoe?*.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from his late
" residence, 246 Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GEARY— In this city. July 20. 1896, John, be-
loved husband of Kate Geary, and father of
Joseph Geary, a native of Mount Long, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 34 years.
INGERSOLL— In this city, July 20. 1896, Mary
Jesus, beloved wife of James Ingersoll, a native
of Lemiche. Chile. Soutn America, aged 80 years
10 months and 3 days.
KENNEY-In this city. July 19, I C 9S. Agnes,
dearly beloved wife of Geor«« G. Kenney, and
sister of Mrs. George H. Alden, a native of San
Francisco
JjyFrlends and acnualntancM ar« rwnw-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW-
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. vi.. from her laM
residence, 351 Grove is tree:. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital, July
M, 1896. William Kelly, aged 94 years.
LING— In this city, July 20,1836, James Ling,
a native of Chile, aged 25 years. . : • • .- ■
MAILLIARD— In .-San Geroninso. Marin County.
Ca!.. July 20, 1893, Adolph Mailliard, aged 77
. year-
S-W Funeral and interment private.
MAZZARINI— In the City ana County Hospital,
' July 19, 1896, John Mazzariul, aged 48 years.
McKENZIE-In this city. July 20. 1896, Philip,
beloved too of Daniel and Mary McKenzie, a na-
tive or S&n Francisco, aged 8 months and 14
days.
McNAMEE— In thiscit?. July 20, 1896, William,
dearly beloved lather of Edward E. McNamee,
and brother of Mrs. K. H. Porter, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 70 years 10 months and . IS
days. V-.
JS3~Notlceof funeral hereafter.
NE WELL-BURNKB-In this city. July I*. 1896,
John Wesley Burnes. stepson of Horace Newell,
a native of Brattleboro, Coffn., ujed 36 years and
6 months. —-^
O'CONNOR— In this city, July 19, 1896, Jeremiah,
. beloved husband of Adelaide O'Connor, and
father of James H. O'Connor, Mrs. S. J. Farrell,
Mrs. C. H. Knownburg. Mrs. W. T. liimes, Mrs. J.
E. Bebatiand Mrs. C. J. Ward, a native of Kii-
larney, Ireland, aged 05 year*.
3_r-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. v., from his late
residence, 2327 Harrison . street, thence to St.
Peter's Cnurcb, wheio a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the re pose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment private
at, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In South : San Francisco. July 19,
1433. . Daniel, ■ father of Ellen, Mary. Maggie,
Jon, Jeremiah. Daniel and Francis O'Connor,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 58 years.
IST Friends and ' acquaintance are r^sDee:- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral TH DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, Sixteenth avenuo and P street. South
San Francisco, thence to All Hallows Church,
where a requiem ma-s will be ce'iehrmed for the
repose of hissnul, commenclui; at 10:30 o'clock
a. M. ■ In:erment Holy Crosi Cemetery.
BEARDON— In thin city. July 18. 1896, Jerry J.,
dearly beloved and only son of tbelate DennU
and Hanora SReardon, and beloved brother of
Josie, Nora, ha c and Mangle Reardon, a native
of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 9 months.
43* Friends and acquaintance! . are respect-
fully Invited to a.tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a.h.. from his late resi-
d ence, 119 Ivy avenue, between Van Ness and
Polk street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, July 20, 1893, Maria F.
M., beloved daughter of Christian and the late
I'omine Schmidt, and '■■ sister of Hermln*
Schmidt, a native of " San Francisco, aged 19
years and 14 days. • ...
SULAU-i-Inthis eltv, July 19, 1896, Henry,
beloved father of J. Sulan and Mrs. H. Ramm,
a native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 84 years
and 3 months. . .
- - aarFrlendi and acquaintances ar« resn<»cv
; fully Invited to attend tfce funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from ' the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr A Co., 1203 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WALL— In this city, July 20, 1898, Catherine A.
. Wall, widow of the late George Colin, and mother
of Otic - Colin, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
axed 35 years 8 mouths and 9 days. . . -
JB_-Frlen<i3 and . acquaintances are resoect-
fvi'.y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. ' m., from the
undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn reg lleru mas* will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WHEELER— In this city, July 'JO. 1896. Captain
R. H. Wheeler, husband of Eunice M. Wheeler,
and father of Mrs- K. H. Black and C. E.
Wheeler, : a native of Rockland, lie., aged 72
years. .'33Bgm
ASTFrtends and acquaintances are re*n«c:-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, ; , 20V« Rondel place, interment pri-
vat" at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
' WJCAVOY &.CALLACHER, ' T
FUNERAL D-BECTORS St. RMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Llnooin School.
' \ Telephone 3080.
jAsTMnMKKoitKY. Chas.LmcMkno__t.
JAMK> Mc>TKNOMKY & SON,
USUEBTAKEUS- AM) EUBAL3I-SS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
. . ■ Telephone No. 3354. .
J AS. ENGLISH. T. B. CABEW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER*
.*' FCNEKAL DIRECTOKS,
39 Van Ness aye., near Market a:., San Francisco •
Telephone bo. 156. . : : ..v:,-..
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN- MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
. tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sense ex-
clusive: location, unexcelled. Office 987 Market
street, southeast corner of SUtii.
1516
WAR ON BOODLERS
TO BE DECLARED
Grand Jury May No Longer
Parley With Super
visors.
READY FOR A FIGHT.
Corrupt Influence in the Reduc
tion of Assessments
Suspected.
WIDE SEARCH FOR PROOF.
Managers of Favored Corporations
May Be Compelled to Produce
Books and Vouchers.
The metal in the composition of the
present Grand Jury will be tested to-day.
The question will be submitted whether
the jury shall adjourn acknowledging
failure and defeat in its efforts to bring
about a fair assessment of corporate prop
erty, or whether it shall renew the strug
gle and bring into action all the power
with which the law invests the Qrand
Jury.
Among members of the Grand Jury the
conduct of Supervisors in reducing the as
sessments of the Bpring Valley Water
Company, the Gas and Electric Light com
panies and the Market-street Railway
Company has excited more indignation
than surprise. They were surprised, how
ever, at the action of the board in placing
the valuation millions lower than the As
sessor fixed it. In face of the Grand
Jury's plain showing that the Assessor's
return was $11,000,000 below a fair valua
tion, according to the system employed to
ascertain the value of personal property
owned by individuals, the Supervisors not
only declined to make the increase, but
found reasons to excuse themselves for re
ducing the assessments far below the val
uation returned by the Assessor.
In the Grand Jury there is an element
favoring adjournment. The jurors so
minded profess to be weary of the struggle
for reform. They feel that they have done
their duty in pointing out to the Board of
Supervisors the extravagance in municipal
estimates and the deficiency in personal
property assessments. They hold, more
over, that if corrupt influences exist proof
of the corruption cannot be ascertained,
at least such proof as the law requires for
the finding of an indictment or accusation.
Another and a stronger element of the
Grand Jury favors a battle to the finish.
In the beginning of the agitation for
municipal reform, lower taxes ana equal
assessment the representatives of this ele
ment in the jury resolved to employ all
the tact, persuasion and moral influence
at their command to accomplish their
purpose. They argued that it was their
duty to submit all the facts to the Super
visors and to thus end they employed Ex
pert Horace D. Dunn to put the facts and
ligures on paper. They have had in mind
from the start the purpose 10 use the ex
treme power conferred by the law should
the plan of argument and conciliation
faiL They hold, therefore, that an ad
journment at this time — a wind-up by a
simple rej>ort of the facts and conclusions
to Judge Slack— would make the Grand
Jury a laughing-stock in the eyes of the
community.
Several conferences were held last even
ing. The advice was sought of well
known, resolute men who served on the
Wallace-Henley Grand Jury, whose dis
closures caused Boss Buckley to flee the
country and impelled a gang of smaller
boodlers to run for cover. It was practi
cally reeolved last night by several grand
jurors to oppose adjournment and enforce
heroic measures. It is known that Judge
Slack is in sympathy with the effort to ex
pose boodlers. He is not in any haste to
exercise his perogative oi impaneling an
other Grand Jury right away.
One of the members of the Wallace
Grand Jury whose advice was. sought last
night said to a Call reporter: "I told the
members of the Grand Jury with whom I
conversed that they could not indict a
Supervisor on hearsay or rumor that he
had been corruptly influenced. Proof
must be had. While the jury cannot in
dict without reasonable proof of guilt it
has immense power to search for proof.
"A committee of the Grand Jury, prop
erly authorized, can go to-morrow to the
office of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany or the Market-street Railway Com
pany, for example, and tate the books of
the corporation for examination by the
Grand Jury's expert. The power of the
Grand Jury to examine persons and papers
in search of proof is unlimited. 1 hear
that two or three Supervisors have been
doing a little business on their own ac
count and I believe, the present Grand
Jury is advised of this fact.
"Mr. Dunn, the expert now employed,
was the expert of the Wallace Grand Jury.
Yes, to-morrow the Jury will determine
what line of action will be pursued. I
understand they have consulted an at
torney and do intend to go after boodlers
without mercy or restraint. The mem
bers of this Grand jury ought to be able
to call out the man by name whose busi
ness it is to corrupt Supervisors and courts
in the interest of corporations. I hear
that an effort, and a vigorous one, is to be
made to expose and punish the guilty.
The Grand Jury has all the power re
quired. What is now demanded is a de
termined and intelligent exercise of that
power."
The session of the Grand Jury to-day
may be exciting. Fierce and angry
speeches may be made and a veritable
wrangle precipitated, so in the end no
conclusion will be reached. So many
prano juries dissolve in that fashion that
something of the kind is expected to occur
again. On the other hand, the discussion
may be conducted in whispers with a
double-riveted injunction oi secrecy. The
result of the deliberation** may * not be
NEW TO-DAT.
For Children's Skin
scalp, and hair, nothing in the whole world i* M
cleansing, purifying, and beautifying as '
CUTICURA
SOAP
prrest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. T
> For distressing facial eruption*, Irritations of
' the scalp, dry, thin, and falling hair, red. rough
bands, cbaliiics, inflammation*, and simple baby •
rashes and blemishes, it is wonderful. • - ' ■
Sold throughout the world. ■ Sale greater than the com- >
bicr4 Mies ot all other tltin »o»p». I'OTTEB DUVO jlhd
Chem. Co«i\. Sole Prope,, Bo»ton. V. 8. A. • _ ■•-.
or >' flow to f uitfj t!rf BeiuUijr B»bj '• SUb," (tm.
made known until managers, bookkeepers,
secretaries and agents of local corpora
tions are called as witnesses and ordered
to produce boofcs and records.
When the Grand Jury adjourned last
week a review of municipal estimates bad
been concluded. The expert was directed
to put the recommendations of the jury in
proper form for transmission to the Board
of Supervisors.
It is understood that County Clerk Curry
and License Collector Lees will be heard
by the jury at the session this afternoon.
RESISTED EXPULSION.
Joseph yon Arx Is Held to Have Been
Unduly Put Out of the San Frau
clgco Grutli Terelu.
The judgment of the lower court against
the defendant society has been affirmed by
the Supreme Court in the case of Joseph
yon Arx vs. The San Francisco Grntli
Verein. Yon Arx had been fined and ex
pelled from the society for having used
some vigorous language during a meeting,
at which matters concerning the society
were beine discussed. He had already paid
into the organization about $1000 in
money. Considering his expulsion un
just, Yon Arx had recourse to the law for
redress, wnich he obtained, his punish
ment being characterized as "lacking in
the essential elements of fairness, good
faith and candor." This view of the case
was also taken by Justice McFariand,
Justices Henshaw and Temple concurring
in his opinion.
' Big Damage Salt.
O. Erickson and Agnes Erickson have sued
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners, the
Thompson Bridge Company and the Southern
Pacific Company for $25,300 damages for in
juries sustained by Mrs. Agnes Erickson by
reason of falling over a stringer left lying in
the covered passageway at the Market-street
ferry landing on September 16. 18!>5. The
passageway was then in course of construction.
Mrs. Erlckson's arm was broken and she was
otherwise injured.
THE TWO CANDIDATES FOR PRESIDENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO PRODUCE EXCHANGE.
THEIR BUSINESS BOOMED
For Sixteen Years M. Scheyer
& Co. More Than Doubled
Their Money.
Now One Partner Accuses the Other
ot Appropriating $75,000 to
His Own Use.
There is a pretty profit in the furnishing
goods business, if the complaint hied by
Maurice Rosenthal, praying for a dis
solution of partnership of the firm of M.
Scheyer <fe Brother, is to be believed.
Ilosenthal and Sailus Scheyer began
business in 1880 with a capital stock of
$10,000, and are now the possessors of a
stock of goods worth over $40,000, and the
profits of the business in the meantime
are said to have been over $100,000. In
addition to this, Scheyer is alleged to have
overdrawn his account about $75,000, all of
wbich represents a net earning of over
$200,000 in sixteen years, on an investment
of only $10,000.
Originally Rosenthal put $1500 into the
business, and was allotted a fourth of the
profits. This arrangement continued for
two years, at tne end of which time the
partnership contract was changed by
mutual consent and the junior partner
allowed a third of the profits. Again, in
1890, it was found necessary to change the
basis of division of the earnings. This
time Ilosenthal was placed on an equal
footing with Scheyer ana awarded half
the profits.
Scheyer bad control of the firm's books
all the time, and Eosenthal was too busy
making money to inquire how much he
made; but he now regrets that he did not
devote a little time to watching the book
keeping process. The complaint alleges
that out of the $75,000 applied to his own
ÜBe Scheyer purchased real estate at 920,
922 and 924 Fulton street worth $40,000:
!<even buildings at Twenty-fourth and
Myrtle streets, Oakland, worth $6000;
property at Twenty-fourth and Market
streets, Oakland, valued at $6000, and 105
shares of building and loan association
stock valued at $15,000. He also loaned
$2000 on a mortgage on Schaefer Grove
property, in Marin County.
Rosentbal recently demanded an ac
counting, but it was refused, wherefore he
prays that the partnership may be dissolv
ed, that a receiver may be appointed, that
an accounting may be had, that the plaintiff
may be declared to have an equal interest
with the defendant in the property named
in the complaint, that the defendant be
restrained from interfering with the debts,
money and effects of the partnership and
that the property of the firm be sold, and,
after payment of the debts, the surplus be
divided between the plaintiff and de
fendant.
Judge Murphy appointed William G.
Cousins receiver and fixed his bond at
$10,000.
Town Rivalry.
"Interested in a trolley company ?"
asked a stranger in a little interior town
of a man who had been expatiating upon
its merits.
"Not a cent's worth," replied the advo
cate of the overhead wire.
"Live here?'' asked the stranger next.
"Not on your life. I wouldn't live here
if you would give me the whole town."
"But you're working mighty hard for
something. What is it?"
The trolley advocate looked around to
see that no one was in hearing distance,
and then drew the stranger up in the
shadow of a building.
"I'll tell you how it is if you'll keep
mum," he said.
The stranger promised.
"I'm employed by a rival town to get
the trolley in here. The other town has
been trying for three years to get the lead
in population, and has made up its mind
that the only hope is iv killing off some
of the people here. That's why I'm trying
to introduce the trolley. Bee?"— Chicago
Post.
Giovauuini'a Will.
The will of ; Daniel Giovannim was yester
day admitted to probate. Eueene Cadenasso
and Louis Gendotti were appointed executors.
eiOTwmißl leU a $85,000 estate.
TKiS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1896.
BETWEEN MORROW
AND GERBERDING
Lively Contest for President
of the Produce Ex
change.
THE ELECTION TO-DAY.
An Independent Ticket Put Up
to Make the Race More
Spirited.
MORROW TAIKS A LITTLE.
Partisans of Each Ticket Say They
Will Wipe Up the Floor With
the Other.
The annual election of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange will be held
this morning from 10 to 12 o'clock. There
are two tickets in the field, called the "reg
ular" and the "independent" tickets. The
heads of the tickets are different, and that
is where the fight is, but some other names
are on both tickets.
The "regular" ticket iB as follows:
For directors — George P. Morrow, presi
dent; H. Eppinger, vice-president; James
Hogg, treasurer; Harvey C. Somers, Jo
seph Rosenberg, A. Pallies, W. B. Chap
man and \V. H. Wright.
For committee on appeals — R. B. For
nian, John R. Croas. E. C. Evans, A. Ger
berding and H. Dutard.
The "independent" ticket ia as follows:
For directors — A. Gerberding, president;
H. Eppinger, vice-president; James Hogg,
treasurer; H. A. Mayhew, Joseph Rosen
berg, A. S. Moseley, Paul Keyser, S. Ans
pacher and Henry C. Ellis.
For committee on appeals— R. B. For
man, John R. Cross, E. W. Ferguson, 8.
Sweet and A. Schwabacher.
There is no personal feeling in the con
test between Messrs. Morrow and Gerber
ding, but there is a lively canvass going on
between the "pushers" of each ticket.
Each side vows that it alone is in the fight
and that it will wipe up the floor with the
other side. No member could be found
who expressed any dissatisiaction with tne
Morrow administration.
Broker Cutter is looked upon as the
"founder" of the opposition or "independ
ent ticket." He said yesterday afternoon :
"I do not see why they call me the
founder of it. 1 am interested in its suc
cess, and that's about all I have to do with
it. No, there isn't any feeling at all. We
just put it up in order to have some oppo
sition and make the election livelier.
Mr. Gerberding was out of the City yes
terday afternoon and could not be seen.
Mr. Morrow was seen at his place of
business. He said: "I do not know any
thing about the opposition ticket, or the
chances for the election of the ticket I am
on. If I were running for director I
might take a more active part in the can
vass, but I consider it undignified for a
man running for president to solicit votes.
Mr. Gerberding and I are the best of
friends and there is no feeling between
us. I do not just understand why he is
running against me. If you want any
more information see some of my friends."
One of these friends was seen. He saiil :
"Morrow has been a hard worker. While
the late president, H. A. Holcomb, was
ill, he took his place, and for two months
after his death has been filling the office
of president. The most that can be said
against Morrow is that he is a littie hot
headed and arbitrary some times, but he
has done good work for the exchange. He
is entitled to the office by courtesy and
right of succession. The fact is" that
while Mr. Gerberding is a very capable
and excellent gentleman, and a friend of
mine, the independent ticket is not backed
in this election by the best element of the
exchange. 1 '
NORMAL SCHOOL DIPLOMAS.
Do County Board* of Education Wish
to Boycott San Francisco.
It is hard to tell what County Boards of
Education will do. Their occasional re
fusal to recognize San Francisco teachers'
certificates has annoyed Superintendent
Babcock, who has addressed the following
self-explanatory letter to the County Su
perintendents of Schools:
Ladies and Gentlemen: Will you kindly in
form me at your convenience, whether you
recognize San Francisco certificates or not;
and whether you grant certificates on the ban
Francisco Normal School diplomas.
lii this connection . permit me to say that In
order to enter the San Francisco Normal School
it is necessary for a student to have graduated
from a High School, or to pass an examination
covering, a High School course. I believe the
San Francisco Normal School is the only one in
California that requires this preparation be
fore entering It. -.. " . -4 ■_■. .•■■
Tho course in the Normal School comprises
history and science of. education, -methods of
teaching the , different > branches, psychology,
school law of California and a thorough course
in music and drawing, in addition to which
the students spend three months in teaching
ana In observation in the San Francisco
schools.  :
It is difficult for me to understand why
county boards of education do not grant cer
tificates to graduates; of this Normal School
when recommended by the . Superintendent of
Schools. 1 1 we are to understand that some of
the counties wish to boycott San Francisco in
this matter please say so. The San Francisco
Board of Examiners grant certificates •' under
the law to holders of certificates from every
county of California, and will : continue to do
so, believing that there is no way in which we
can better help to <.: dignify the profession of
teaching in the State. ..- - ■
■ : »' ♦ — • — '■ — i - .'■
For an Accounting.
C. Roemer has sued D. H. Porter and A. W.
Porter of the firm of Porter Bro there and Con.
panyand J. K. Wilson and S. B. Blddle. as
signees of that firm, for an accounting of
goods placed in the hands of Porter Bros, for
disposal. It was claimed that $10,000 is due
the plaintiff.
A STRANGE CASE.
Peculiar Suspicion Against G. A. Dona
hue and Joseph Twyeth, Two
Respectable Young: Men.
One of the most extraordinary cases of
robbery the police have had to deal with
is that charged against G. A. Donahue and
Joseph Twyeth.
Donahue and Twyeth called at the City
Prison about 3 o'clock yesterday morning
and asked Sergeant Shields to lock up a
man they had with them on a charge of
"drunk." The man's face was covered
with blood, and ho was very drunk.
He was taken inside, and Donahue and
Twyeth, who were also under the influ
ence of liquor, went away.
Ts.e man said he was John Smith, an
English commercial traveler out of a job.
When being searched he said he had been
knocked down and robbed, but he did not
know by whom.
Donahue and Twyeth had told where
they had found Smith, and Policeman
Sylvester was sent to the s»!oon onEUhth
street, as they said they were going back
there. They were arrested and on being
searched a nickel watch and a cigar-cutter
belonging to Smith were;found in Twyeth's
pockets, so they were charged with rob
bery.
They are both respectable young men
and their friends are indignant over their
arrest. Twyeth said that Smith gave him
the nickel watch and the cigar-cutter.
They met Smith in a saloon on Park ave
nue and the,y got into an argument with
him on the difference between republican
and monarchical governments. They had
several drinks together and Smith got so
drunlc that he fell, cutting his face. As
Smith could not tell where he lived they
took him to the City Prison.
ENEMIES OF CRUELTY,
Their Efforts in Aid of 111-Used
Brutes Meet With Suc
cess.
Annual Meeting of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
The offices and reception- room of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animal? was crowded yesterday afternoon
at the annual meeting of the board of
trustees and directors. President J. Z.
Davis occupied the chair and in hi» open
ing address gave a most encouraging re
sume of the society's work during the
past 3 ear. Mr. Davis was unhappily
obliged to turn the meeting over to the
care of the vice-president owing to the
serious illness of his mother, Mr. Cole,
however, made a splendid presiding of
ficer and wielded the gavel as though to
the manner born.
In the report of Secretary Hoi brook for
the year just concluded are found the fol
lowing; items:
Cases reported, 3471; investigated, 3367;
prosecuted, 274; relieved without prosecu
tion, 3083; malicious or trifling complaints,
112; disabled animals killed, 125; number
of animals involved, 10,539; taken from
work by reason of disability, 2123; re
lieved, 8227: sent to Animals' Home, 101;
value of animals removed in ambulance,
$4790; convictions secured, 191.
Among the cases of cruelty noted were
instances where horses had been driven to
death, their jaws broken, their tongues
cut out by the roots, their eyes gouged
out, their flanks slashed with swords, and
otherwise tortured in ways too horrible to
be described. Among the other animals
relieved were 127 dogs, twenty-one cats,
six rats, four monkeys, three bears and
one lobster, who came to an untimely end
by being boiled alive. "
During the year sixty-five new members
qualified, making the total present mem
bership 497.
The financial statement noted the en
couraging balance on hand of $13,618 40.
Among the receipts mention is mad of a
legacy of $4750 from the Wilmerdine es
tate. The largest sum disbursed was for
salaries, $2964 50. ■-
The pouudkeeper's annual report noted
5450 dogs caught, 4466 of which were killed ;
698 cows and horses, 288 of which went to
the "boneyard," w erever that may be.
The pound seems to be sound financially,
having a cash balance on hand of $660 96.
The fees collected at the pound amounted
to $4589 05, and,, the sums received from
the City and County.Treasury to $4589 05.
The principal disbursements were: Sala
ries, $4042 50, and current expenses,
$3479 55.
; Drs. O'Rourke and Jacobsen, the veter
inary surgeons of the society,- and F. A.
Osbourne, the pouudkeeper. were tendered
a vote of thanks for their efficient services.
Tne^ following Doard of ■> trustees ' was
elected to serve during the ensuing year:
J. Z. Davis, president; N. P. Cole, vice
president, and John P. Jackson, A. H.
Lissak, C. Waterhouse, J. S.,Hutchinson,
Luman Wad ham, Frank B. Gibson. C. S.
Crntenden, 11. E. Holmes, Frank A. Vail,
Max Stein, J. H. ! Mangels, Theodore G.
Gruenhagen and Martin Stevens.
■ — » » •
New Corporations.
The Nevada Drayage and Freight Company
wae incorporated yesterday by J. H. Creely, 8.
Kurtz, Augustus Biedenback, A. M. Hepburn
«s, C lnJ h< J Dll t 8 1 , Bol Ker. The capital stock Is
$5000. of which $250 has been paid up.
irii^: n K 8ch J krfl ' 1 Cl ?tirles Scharff. Julius Schroth,
ft!* 1 !- rff ftUd tmilMetz have incorporated
the Maison de l'Opera Company, with a capital
stock of $10,000, of which $500 has been paid
The St. Hubert Tonic Port Company was in
corporated with a camtal stock 0f5200.000, of
which $100,050 is paid up
Property Overlooked.
William J. Belcher ha* petitioned for letters
of administration; with will annexed, on ; the
residuary estate of Lewis : Cunningham; who
died in 1879 and whose estate' was long ago
distributed. Recently : about i $1300 \ worth of
property belonging to the estate that was not
included in the inventory has been discovered
and it is desired , that l William - J. ; Belcher , be
appointed to take charge oi it."
GENERAL EZETA
ON HIS METTLE,
He Issues a Manifesto
Anent the Jimenez
Incident.
DOESN'T MINCE WORDS.
Prieto Alvarez and Consul Cal
deron Handled With
out Gloves.
A STORMY SCENE IN PARIS.
The Ex-President Believes He Is
the Victim of Deep-Laid
Political Plots.
General Carlos Ezeta, ex-President of
Salvador, whose contretemps of last Tues
day with Don Pedro Jimenez in the
dining-room of the Hotel Marechal Niel
created such a flutter in local Spanish-
Americal social circles, does not seem to
relish the idea of suffering in silence. He
has prepared a manifesto for publication
in the next issue of the Revista del Pa
cifico, of which the following is an
abridged translation:
Since I left my native land on account of po
litical affairs, which need not now be men
tioned, 1 have been followed by atrocious cal
umnies, by shameiess lies and by intrigue and
have been injured on every hand.
These evil forces have been set on foot and
subsidized by General Gutierez and his Cabi
net, who, by means of a most ignoble and in
famous campaign of diatribe are vainly en
den vor ing to ruin my reputation before my
compatriots and friends.
1 had determined, through respect for my
self and out of consideration for society, to let
silence be my only answer to these unclean
attacks and ab-unl inventions, engendered by
rancor and stimulated by love of lucre; but
the moment has come In which I have to
speak, not because the lies against me are
worth the trouble of refuting, but because
they may deceive the confiding natures of
persons who do not know me, or who are
absent, for they say that ea.uinny is like coal —
when it does not soil it smuts.
Referring to the Spanish paper El Comercio,
published in this city, which Ezeta terms "a
shameful sheet," he says: in its issue of Sat
urday, the 18th instant, it published a iyiug
and most abusive farrago against me, in
which, after showering insults upon me on
account of the Jimenez incident, it
maliciously perverted the truth, distorted
facts, and, in passing, made a defense
of the poor devil who served as the
pliant instrument of my enemies. This
unhappy man instigated by an individual who
is the official and officious agent hereof Gen
eral Gutierez, might have had the intention of
assassinating me, but on coming into my pres
ence be trembleu so that he could hardly take i
out his pistol, and though 1 was unarmed my
serenity seemed to j^erturb him completely, us
the many persons who were present can attest.
It is then the most ridiculous error to suppose
that this little fellow spat upon me.
As for the instrument itself— that is to say,
Jimenez— l never knew him. even by sight, in
Salvador or in any other place; and since be
was not an acquaintance of mine, what motive
can he have had in attacking me?
Continuing, Ezeta says he did have the mis
fortune to know Prieto Alvarez, to whom, he
says, he gave generous aid and protection
when he was in abject poverty. He termed
him "a malevolent individual, who now aims
his poisoned shaft against me In his unworthy
sheet. If I were to look into the vocabulary
which he uses in order to gain food for his
family it would be difficult, if not impossible,
for me to find a word with which to stigmatize
him. Prieto Alvarez, the same man who now,
like the serpent, stings the breast which in
other days was his refuge from misery, was a
favorite of mine at the commencement of my
administration "
He removed Alvarez in disgrace for cause,
he says, but afterward he appealed to his
brother. General Antonio Ezeta, and, "by
means of entreaties and false, honeyed words,
made him believe that it would be well to
found a newspaper in Mexico for the purpose
of refuting the calumnies and insults which in
that republic were being cast upon the politi
cal refugees of Salvador in Guatemala.
"General Antonio Ezeta, who at that time
was Minister of War, judged it prudent to
listen to the arttul libeler, and more on ac
count of compassion for his family than lor
any other reason, and in obedience to
his generous impulses, he gave money
and provided free passage for Alvarez. '
In Mexico Alvarez is said to have
soon founded a paper in which Ezeta claims
to hßve been smothered with exaggerated
tributes until he felt called upon to order an
investigation into the matter. He found that
the treasury of Salvador was maintaining the
paper and Ezeta says that he commanded the
immediate suspension of the subsidy for
Alvarez's paper.
He says some tart things about the pub
lisher of El Comercio and, continuing,
says:
The great Quintana says that every one tries
to make firewood out of the oak that has been
riven by a thunderbolt. And I, now thai I
am fallen and in exile, find myself surrounded
by braggarts, anxious to give me the coup de
grace. But I have no right to complain.
Others than I have trodden this same path,
meeting the same difficulties atevery step.
This is not the first scandal in which my
enemies have sought to entangle me. In Paris
an individul named Robert Alvarez offered me
an insult, for which 1 chastised him. He did
not dare to expose his life by returning to my
presence.
But why should I waste time narrating the
unworthy machinations of which I have been
the object? 1 had determined to ignore these
oetty, despicable effort* of impotent revenge,
but since I see that there is a deep conspiracy
against me, when General Gutierrez, degrad
ing the official rank of which he is so
proud, has the impudence to subsidize
vile and insolent sheets for insulting
me and making a mockery of me, he
himself distributing the indecent publications
among the people of Salvador, to the great
detriment of my honor, I find myself obliged
in duty to state the facts as they are, in order
that the shaft of calumny, like a two-edged
sword, may return upon the cowards who
brandish it against me.
I extend an invitation to the bullying boast
ers who behind my back address me by every
opprobrious erjithet, hoping thereby to gain
friendship and coin from General Gutierrez.
Why will you not be decent men? Why can
you not meet me face to face with equal armsT
bo you fear that I will kill you? Don't be
afraid; perhaps you may be the winner.
In conclusion, I should remark that
this Calderon, to whom my defamer
refers, is not simply Consul of Salvador in Ban
Krancibco, but also an agent picked out
from among my worst enemies. In 1890,
when he was surgeon of the division com
manded by General VUlavicencio, he went
over to the enemy with the ambulance and
outfit. The war having ended, and Salvador
beiug victorious, Calderon took advantage -of
the general amnesty proclaimed by the Gov
ernment, but hardly had he returned to Salva
dor when he became entangled in political
conspiracies. It was not thought proper to
punish him according to the rigors of the law,
so he was exiled from the country.
These facts may throw some light upon the
reason why Gutierrez has thrown these two in
dividuals in my way. The public, my friends
and the Central American Society of Sau Fran
cisco shall pass judgment upon my enemies.
Socialist Labor Party.
The State executive committee of the Social
ist Labor party met last evening at the Turk
street Temple, U. F. Sahlender in the chair.
The nominee for Lieutenant-Governor, James
Andrew, was present and agreed to speak at
the meetings scheduled by the committee
through the State. The committee considered
the recommendations of the convention to iti
auuurate meetings for the spread of socialism
in the interior, and at last night's meeting the
committee accepted the offer of one of the
members to speak from the socialist van that
is at Petaluma. Theodore Lynch volunteered
to leave for Petaluma on Wednesday, and the
committee will supply him with literature and
give Instructions to organize branches, if suffi
cient adherents can be secured. Ttie need ot a
paper during the coining campaign was dis
cussed and laid over till the next meeting.
Fell Through a Skylight.
Charles Edwards, a boy; 12 y«ars of age, Irv
Ingat2B^ Sixth street, while playing on the
roof of his father's barn yesterday morning,
fell tlirovsh a skylight to the floor, a distance
of about twenty feet. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that he
was cut about the head and face and was pos
sibly injured internally.
FIRE IN A CLOTEING-STORE.
E. Frank' & Son's Establishment Nar
rowly Escapes Destruction. ■
E. Frank & Son's clothing establish
ment, 535 Kearny street, narrowly escaped
destruction by fire last evening. A
passer-by noticed flames among a stocic of
clothing in the rear of the establishment
at 9 o'clock. An alarm was sounded from
box 296. When the department arrived
the flames had gained considerable head
way and the stock of goods was thor
oughly soaked . before the fire was extin
guished. It is estimated that the damage
will amount to about $1000, which loss is
covered by insurance.
REPUBLICAN INDORSEMENTS.
A District Club Elects Officers and Makes
Recommendations for Oi&ce.
A meeting of the Twenty-eighth Assem
bly District Republican Club was held in
Drews Hall last evening. Speeches were
made by Captain James Mulroy, J. T. Car
roll, G. C. Groezingerand Thomas O'Brien.
The following officers were elected: J.
T. Carroll, president; Aueust Vogel, re
cording secretary; John Hale, correspond
ing secretary; Barney Conlon, treasurer;
J. K. Prior, sergeant-at-arms.
The following indorsements were made
unanimously: Thomas B. O'Brien for
Congress, Fourth Congressional District;
Bernard Ward for Senator, Seventeenth
Senatorial District ; Peter Quinn for As
sembly, Twentieth Assembly District; for
Police Judges, James A. Campbell and
G. C. Groezinger, present Justice of the
Peace.
IN THE LABOR UNIONS,
The Shingler Question Again
Agitating the Building
Trades.
Stone-Cutters Want All Work Fin
ished in This City— J. Leary's
Benefit. '
The troublesome Shinglers' Union ques
tion is again agitating the unions con
nected with the Building Trades Council.
Some time ago the Sbinglers' Union sent
ielegates to the council, but representa
tion was denied • them on account of a
protest from the Carpenters' unions. The
abjection was that the sbinglers should
not be considered as a union, as their vo
cation interfered with that of carpenter
ing. The question was put to a vote at a
mass-meeting and. settled by the shinglers
being denied recognition and a resolution
to treat all members of that craft as non
union laborers, v :-'.
However, the shinglers would not down
at this bidding and on several occasions
the differences caused a little friction.
Again the question has been raised
whether the Shinglers' Union shall be
recognized and Carpenters' and Joiners'
unions 483 and 304 considered the matter
last evening. Special called meetings will
be held soon by the carpenters to decide
the vexatious question. Final action will
have to be taken by the council.
At the meeting of the Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union No. 483 last evening, it was
decided to hold a specially called meeting
to consider changes in the working rules
for recommendation to the National Con
vention which will be held in Cleveland,
Ohio, in a month or so.
The stone-cutters' unions of this City
will soon begin an agitation of the matter
of inducing contractors to have their
material shipped to San Francisco in the
rough and dressed here. At present
nearly all the stone building contractors
are having all the work done at the quar
ries and shipping the dressed stone to this
City. The local stone-cutters are opposed
to this system, and claim as they spend
their money in this City the work should
be done here. -
The Coopers' Union will give an enter
tainment and ball in B'nai B'rith Hall on
Saturday night for the benefit of John
Leary, one of their members, who is now
a cripple lor life. Leary ran a splinter
into his wrist, and blood-poisoning set in,
making it necessary to amputate liis right
hand. A second operation was necessary,
and four inches of his forearm was re
cently removed. Leary has a wife and
four young children, and the Coopers'
Union wants to do all possible to aid the
unfortunate member.
The lionmolders' Union met last even
ing and the picnic committee reported
that the picnic held on Sunday at Sunset
Park cleared $300 after all expenses were
paid. A vote of thanks was extended to
all who donated prizes and contributed
otherwise to the success of the affair.
— — «. — ♦ . — — — -
NEY'S EXECUTION.
Absurd Attempts to Prove That Marshal
>"»y Escaped to America.
"A Family Record of Ney's Execution,"
written by Mme. Campan, is contributed
to the July Century by a relative of this
lady, George Clinton Genet of Green bush,
N. Y. Mr. Genet, in a preparatory note,
Bays: An absurd attempt has been made
recently to prove in a published volume
that Ney was not shot in 1815, but escaped
to America and became a schoolmaster in
North Carolina, where he lately died. An
alleged facsimile of his writing is given in
the book, as well as one of the writings of
the old French cavalryman who, it is
alleged, when drunk on a certain occasion,
declared himself to be the Duke of Eichin
gen. The writing which is claimed is the
genuine writing of the marshal seems
doubtful when compared with that known
to be his, and the assumed similarity be
tween that and the writing of the old
French soldier of North Carolina is incon
ceivable. It is absurd to suppose that
Ney should have proclaimed himself to be
the Duke of Eichingen, since at the time
of his execution he was Prince of Mos
kowa, and no longer Duke of Elchiugen.
It is impossible that, as asserted in the
book referred to. Ney should have con
sented to the subterfuge of being shot at
by muskets charged with powder alone,
and, after falling and pretending to be
dead, should have suffered himself to be
carried into exile in a strange land. At
the battle of Waterloo Ney vainly sought
death wherever the battle was fiercest.
With an army of 60,000 men still lelt he
capitulated under tiie walls of Paris, upon
condition of general amnesty of offenses
both civil and military. These terms
were basely violated, and to satisfy the
clamor of the returned aristocrats of the
old regime Ney was executed. Welling
ton could have prevented this crime after
the condemnation of the chamber of
peers, but did not, for reasons best known
tc himself. Ney was offered an oppor
tunity to escape, but refused. He asked
the soldiers to fire at his heart, and they
did.
Moveover at the time when it is claimed
that Ney was concealing himself in North
Carolina Joaeph Bonaparte was living at
Bordentown and his house and his fortune
would have been at Ney's disposal. More
over, after the fall of the Bourbons there
would have been no reason wty Ney
should not have returned to France. In
1832 Eugene Ney, his third son, visited the
united States and went to the house of
his klndsman Genet, who resided on the
Hudson, near Albany, but never heard of
this alleged Duke of Eichingen. It is use
less to Follow these absurdities further.
Ney is buried in Pere la Chaise at Paris
with two of his sons and his brother-in
law Garaot. A plain slab marks the place.
0u the spot where he was executed Hands
a monument erected by the French Gov
ernment.
A PROHIBITION CHANGE.
Meeting ot the State Committee
Changed to San Francisco.
An official notice to the members of the
State Central Committee of the Prohibi
tion party of the State of California has
been issued by Vice-President George D.
Kellogg, changing the place of meeting of
that committee from San Jose, as per the
call of July 2 inst., to the W. C. T. U.
headqaarters, 132 McAllister street, July
22 inst.. at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Mr. Kellogg says: "I report that we
desire a full ccnimiitee meeting at this
time, and those who cannot make it con
venient to attend will please communicate
with C. A. Tupper, secretary, box 114, San
Jose, Cal."
The reason assigned for the change in
the place of meeting is that San Francisco
is thought to b- loyal to the Pittsburp;
convention as between that and the
bolters.
A Free Silver Meeting.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Inglesiae
Free Silver Club was held last night at Carl
• sons Hall, Ingleside. A resolution was
adopted indorsing all candidates advocating
the free coinage of silver. Twenty new names
were added to the club's roster. Another
meeting will be held next Saturday evening.
» — « — •
Run Over at the Cliff.
D. J. Toomey, chief cook of the Brooklyn
Hotel, went to the Cliff House yesterday, and
went to sleep on the electric car track, near
the baths. A car passed over both legs, nearly
severing them from his body. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. Both legs had to
be amputated. His recovery is doubtful.
—«♦ . '
An Outing for Asylum Girla.
Sister Stanislaus Roche says that owing to
the Kindness of Superintendent Vining of the
Market-street Railway Company the girls of
the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum can have
an outing to the park, the Mission or North
Beach during their vacation.
• — ♦ — »
According to a musical journal there are
in London at this moment 244,000 females
who are learning music. '
NEW TO-PAT.
I
xi' f#^ finest made.
f^^ A/ handsome
1 --<s^»r with chiffon
"s ' ■ (ft cry lamp.
~,i 'I Thesssokind
iV ■' #i at $4 25, the
JlgJ^ $8 kind at $5.
i^^*M^» with casll * n '
. B^^^^^JS^^j closed, filled
off jf posted be-
fore Wednesday night.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's.
WANQENHbIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BE.LOW MONTGOMERY.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special Fofrijis Weeß.
CHOCOLATE DE SAUTE.
New Arrival from Amsterdam, Holland, of 3
Betisdorp'a Chocolate de Same; Special
Reduction to introduce this Celebrated
Chocolate, pound 200
Regular price 40c :
IRISH AND SCOTCH WHISKIES.
■ Genuine Imported : William Jameson & Co.,
Dublin; Andrew Usher <fc Co., Old Vatted
Glenlivet, Edinburgh; quarts ...950
' Regular price $1 25.
FRUIT SYRUPS.
Raspberry, Strawebrry, Lemon, Vanilla,
Grenadine, Sarsaparllla, Orange, Pineap-
ple, etc., bottle . 250
- - Regular price 40c.
CHERRIES 131 MARASPS.
Dan dlcolle & Gaudln, Bordeaux, France,
quarts ......:.... _ 65<J
Dandicolle & Gaudln, Bordeaux, France,
pints...:.. 1...'...... 450
■ • ■- Regular price 75c and $1.
PINEAPPLE.
v C. Favre & Co., Whole ' Singapore Pineap-
ples. 3-lb. can M 150
: Orated and Sliced, 1-lb. can...... j.oa
Regular price 16c and 25c.
SWEET WINES.
Vintage of 1890, Pearl Vineyard, Vapa
County, Cal.: Port, Sherry, Angelica,Tokav,
Muscatel. Maderia, Malaga 3 bottles $1 00
Regular price 50c bottle.
-~%'l> Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
'. ; «/ SAN FRANCISCO.
COS. lOtt AHU WASSIH3TOIT STS. "> OAKLAND
1734-1736 SSVZIITH STBZET /BRANCHES
Raising
Jt X^*"*. &O S.M.A <£L
of the
Standard
50
YEARS
tAGO
"STANDARD" Shirts were
not known; forty years ago
they had become known.
To-day they are • raised . to
the highest point in Cali-
fornia's estimation.
NEUSTADTER BROS., AUr5., S. F.
REDUCED RATES TO
YOSEMITE,
• • _. • .: '.. ._,i : ; • ■ " : : 7
By Joining ." Locke's select parties. Start everr
week. Inquire week days 8 to 9 p. v. af SXR
Q'F *rreU atreet. i. X. LOCKE. "*•*•« *»