VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 44.
OPPOSE THE
CONSPIRACY,
Second Part of the Great
Anarchist and Demo
cratic Combine.
ALL POPULISTS ARE NOT
TOR BRYAN.
Millionaire Sewall Not at All
Popular With the Honest
Farmers.
PECULIAR CONNIVANCE TO BE
FOUGHT AT ST. LOUIS.
One True Advocate of the People
Tells a Tale of Woe to John
Panl Cosgrave.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Lixdell, >■
St. Loos, Mo., July 13. )
The first act of conspiracy between so
cialists and socialistic Democrats was
planned at Chicago last week, and the sec
ond will be enacted next week in St.
Louis.
The first act was the nomination of
Populist Bryan and the second will be his
indorsement, if tbe anarchistic and Demo
cratic combine shall succeed in carrying
out the second part of the conspiracy to
ruin the Populistic party by grafting upon
it the socialistic scion of the Democratic
party. What has been expected and only
hinted at a short time ago has now been
demonstrated by the unanswerable logic
of events. It is conceded that Mr. Bryan
is a Populist, parading under the name ot
a Democrat to serve the purposes of the
most ambitious of the party of many
plants.
From what can be gleaned at this early
stage of the contest, it is highly probable
that the Populists of Nebraska will in
dorse Mr. Bryan's candidacy and will sup
port him, and that they will go further, to
the extent of urging their National Con
vention, which will meet iv this city on
Wednesday of next week, to indorse Mr.
Bryan.
This is askiog- a good deal of a party
many of whose most enthusiastic members
are farmers and the bulk of whose mem
bership is taken from the ranks of the
laboring people and of those who are not
blessed with an abundance of the world's
goods. It will be impossible for even a
Populist to vote for Socialist Bryan and
cot to vote for Millionaire Sewall. Sewall
is a close- listed Yankee and all his sympa
thy is on the side of his class, the monopo
lists and millionaires. So that the Popu
lists will kill two birds with one stone, one
a bird of its own feather and the other a
Republican of the hawk family, of whose
depredations the Populist is forever com
plaining. He will have to do considerable
thinking and waste considerable time in
trying to solve the Chinese puzzle, which
requires a man to vote for Bryan and to
vote against Sewall at one and the same
time. This obstacle in the way has not
been very well considered by tbe chiel
actors in the conspiracy. In fact they
have not given a thought to Capitalist
Pewall because they are engaged solely in
the Bryan figbt. Mr. Sewall, according to
their idea, is the tail that goes along with
the hide.
It will be a highly interesting spectacle,
and as amusing as interesting to watch the
countenauce of a Populist with wild oats
in his beard as he deposits his ballot for
Bryan and Sewall next November. The
placid smile of satisfaction which wrinkles
his sunburned face as he votes for the one
set of Presidental electors who represent
Mr. Bryan in the electoral college will be
eclipsed immediately thereafter by an ex
pression of disgust when he remembers
that this same set of electors must also
cast their ballots for Capitalist Sewail, who
hates the Populists worse than the Popu
lists hate a banker.
When one thinks of the full meaning of
this political conspiracy be cannot refrain
from expressing the greatest astonishment
that men of ordinary business sense should
for a moment entertain a proposition so
inconsistent as this is. It certainly looks
as though the ringleaders of the whole af
fair had about the same idea of the intelli
gence of average Populist as that possessed
by a bunko sharp who offers the aforesaid
Populist a gold brick at three-fourths or
one-half its bullion value. But ridiculous
as it may seem that is tbe proposition.
Theg are offering to the Populists of the
United States a bogus silver brick com
posed of 5 per cent of Bryan balderdash
and 95 per cent of Sewall capitalism.
But whether serious or ludicrous, whether
consistent or inconsistent, whether an in
sult to the intelligenceof the masses of the
American people, the programme arranged
by Anarchist Altgeld and hia pal, Stone of
Missouri, assisted by bolting Republicans
and socialists out of a job, will be carried
through, if it be at all possible to keep the
blinds over the eyes of the well-meaning,
honest but of ten-bunkoed Populists.
The plan provides for the obliteration of
all the fundamental planks of the People's
party platform and the substitution of the
silver plank by the Democratic party in
Chicago. It is proposed to cover all the
issues with the dust raised by the stampede
for Bilver. In this conspiracy the wealthy
owners of silver mines and speculators
and stock jobbers have been the real plot
ters, with Altgeld and Stone as the cats
paws. Altgeld in the event of the success
of the fusion proposition would assisted in
his aspirations for the United States Sena
torship, while Governor Stone will receive
whatever political assistance he may re
quire in the furtherance of his political
ambition.
Can it succeed? That will be the crucial
test by which the People's party will rise
above its sordid and selfish surroundings
and retain tbe respect and the confidence
of the whole of it* membership or by
The San Francisco Call
which it will crumble into an incoherent
mass of political wreckage. Tne mass of
its membership remembers tnat there are
other things in the Populist platform
than the silver issue, and of far greater
importance to the people. Direct legisla
tion, the Governmental ownership and
control of railroads and tbe other great
principles which have been incorporated
into the National platform of the People's
party are of too great importance to be
ignored at any time, much less at a time
like, this when so much political de
moralization is to be seen on all sides.
•Besides that, there is always ground for
reasonable suspicion that a party is being
betrayed to death when any of its leaders
advise even a temporary setting aside of
its principles. This is the rock upon which
the coming convention may be expected
to split. There are within the ranks of
the party a sufficient number of earnest,
brainy men to give the Altgeld Democracy
and tne silver mine manipulators con
siderable trouble when they attempt to
ride upon tne neck of the convention and
carry out their own selfish plans.
I heard the keynote of true Populism
sounded to-day by a well-kuown member
of that party, a resident of this State.
Although of sterling integrity and purity
of intention, he would not consent to the
use of bis name in the public prints, and
after I had given him my word of honor
that his name should remain a secret
between himself and me, he consented to
speak of the sentiment entertained by him
with regard to the programme of which I
have here spoken.
"This is a crisis in the party. The prop
osition is shall we adhere to our princi
ples or shall we let tne party become a
catspaw for political tricksters? It is a
grand party with grand principles, prin
ciples which do not change with the
topography of the country which are not
affected by question* and geography or of
sectionalism, and so long as we stand by
those principles, so long shall we continue
to advance toward the goal of success.
"But whenever we step aside to flirt
with the Democratic party, or with any
other party of the political organizations
which have for so many years past de
ceived and hoodwinked tne people, we
shall begin to go down to our destruction.
Populists cannot afford to take the advice
of Democrats or Republicans. We should
always rememDer that they are talking
for their own benefit, and for the purpose
of getting Populist votes, and when these
are secured they pay no further attention
to us. I keenly feel tbat the indorsement
of Bryan, no matter how good a man he
may be, no matter how sincere a Populist
he may be, would be a complete surrender
of our principles.
"I honestly believe that the Populist
leader who would advise fusion or indorse
ment is a traitor to his party and a tool
who does the bidding of monopoly and
corporation. The people are heartily sick
of tbe old parties, which they have been
battledorea and sbnttlecocked ever since
the Civil War, and for that reason, if for
dd other, the Populists would stand firmly
by their platform- and not indorse any can
didate whatever.
"Nominate some good man who is a
Populist and nothing else, and all of whose
allegiance is due to pur party and his plat
form. Our platform should be his only
love. The party will be content with
nothing less than his whole heart. If we
stand firm in this matter, with the Repub
licans divided and Democracy crumbled
to pieces because of its rottenness, we can
carry the country next November by a big
majority.
"The people are not going to say much
on street corners this year, but they are
going to deposit their votes quietly and
hurl the rascals and thieves from their
places of power and oppression. We can
win the fight without Mr. Bryan and we
can beat him and Mr. McKinley no matter
how they cut out the running.
"It would be a very forlorn hope of a
party tbat did not contain a brainier man,
and if ever the day should come when the
Populists cannot find in their own ranks
two men equal, if tfot superior, to Mc-
Kinley and Bryan I want to leave it. We
now have the opportunity of our lives,
and we should be worse than fools if wa
should neglect it."
"Do you think tbat there will be much
opposition to the programme when the
convention meets? Do you think there
will be a fight on the matter?"
'•Yes; I expect this will be the great
fight of the convention. There is many a
man like myself who will get up on the
floor and use his best efforts to prevent
the destruction of that party which has
one platform and only one set of princi
ples for every State and Territory in this
great Nation, and not like the so-called
platform of other organizations which are
black in one State, white in another, blue
in another and which are simply stream
ers flying in the wind and pointing which
ever way it may choose to blow.
"If those who feel as I do succeed in onr
efforts we will nominate a Populist who
will stand upon our platform alone and
whose allegiance will not be divided be
tween the monopolists and monopolized.
This feeling is heart deep with us. All that
we have to live for politically is principle.
So we cannot afford now, after all the
sighs and tears, the battlings, the wound
ings and the sufferings of the past, to sink
the ship that has borne us in the face of
mighty odds so near the hsrbor of peace
and safety. We have made the People's
party platform the fight of our lives, and
before we shall see it destroyed we shall
tight even to death.
"What can we gain by the election of
Bryan as President and Sewall as Vice-
President? Simply nothing. We shall
then find that we have been betrayed to
our destruction. Even from the seltish
standpoint we shall- have the worst of it.
Whatever position of honor or profit there
may be. within the gift of Mr. Bryan,
should he become President, will be given
by him to Democrats. That party will
reap all the fruits of victory. Mr. Bryan
will be under control of the leaders of the
Democracy. He will necessarily be
obliged to accept their counsel and ad
vice and in all nis official relations and in
all other matters he will be'a Democrat
and nothing more. Then shall we find
that, like tbe fools of old, we have put our
trust in principles to our own undoing.' 1
John Paul Cosgrave.
BRIAN'S BAD DEFEAT.
How Be Failed^, in ; the Big Senatorial
•I Struggle. ■
;-.. OMAHA, Nebr., July 13.— William J.
Bryan served two terms in 'Congress, ex
piring March, 1895. . From the day of his
I election all his energies were directed to
the end of securing a seat in the United
• States Senate.' The Democratic > party be
ing third in numerical strength in Ne
braska, Bryan's only hope of ' success ; was
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 14, 1896.
THE BOY ORATOR MAKES HIS FIRST ANNOUNCEMENT.
TTa>ffC?IL.E3 S A3VE " YJE3S ; itiTJEXV
in bringing up a fusion between the silver
Democrats and Populists. Up to 1893 the
latter party had held a monopoly on free
silver agitation, but for want of leadership
they could not make progress and Bryan
stepped into the arena. Since that time
be ba«J led the frce-siiver adherents of
both parties. His rirst attempt to com
mit the Democratic party to free coinage
at 16 to 1 was] in the State Convention in
1893, but he was worsted, and in an im
passioned speech he declared he would
take the question direct to the people and
get their final decision. Should the Demo
crats of Nebraska then fail to follow him,
he would continue to advocate the cause
under the banner of another party.
Everybody in the St»te believed that
Bryan was about to renounce Democracy
and go over to the Populists, but he did
not openly do so, and continued his efforts
to convert the State Democracy to free
silver. It was the intention of Republi
cans to elevate John M. Thurston to the
successorship of General Manderson.
Thurstou stumped the State for the Re
publican ticket, but Bryan and Tburston
were thus pitted against each otner in the
State campaign, and it was regarded as a
gladiatorial contest for a seat in the Senate
of the United States.
Bryan challenged Thurston to public de
bates on the tariff. There were 10,000 people
in tbe audience. Two leading candidates for
the Senate thus tested steel, and the ver
dict of the people was that honors were
about even. When the votes were counted
it was found that 80,472 electors had ex
pressed a preference for United States
Senator, and that of the 133 members of
the Legislature the Republicans had
elected 97. Thurstons election followed
as a matter of course. Bryan's name did
not go before tbe Legislature. This defeat
was a crushing blow to Bryan. Hia friends
announced that he would leave the State,
but be did not, and has devoted himself
ever since to the advocacy of this ho bby.
AN INFORMAL MEETING.
Headquarter* Itiacuaaed by the Demo-
eratie National Committee*
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— An informal
meeting of the members of the Democratic
National Committee remaining in the city
was held to-day at the Palmer House
headquarters, and the question of head
quarters during the campaign was dis
cussed. There was a unanimous expres
sion of opinion in favor of having a West
ern headquarters in Chicago, and some of
the Western members want the chief office
removed from New York to this city. Sen
ator Jones, the chairman, said:
"There will be another meeting of the
National Committee during the next three
weeks, when the question of changing the
location of the headquarters will be more
fully discussed and decided. The cam
paign will probably be directed actively
from Cnicago.
This city has all the facilities claimed
for New York and others to favor its selec
tion. I am in favor of the change from
New York. We intend to make a cam
paign which will be National in scope,
and the organized Democracy of the East
will soon come out in support of the party
ticket. I confidently expect to see Tam
many and Hill working for us. The Middle
States will be the scenes of our greatest
victories, and tbat is another good reason
wny the headquarters should be moved to
Chicago.
"The members who are opposed to the
proposition of removal argue that such
action would afford the gold men who are
fighting the ticket some ground upon
which to claim sectionai prejudice of the
West against the East, and that as much
campaign work was needed in the Eastern
States as in the silver States of the West."
Jewett Withdraw*.
NEW ALBANY, Ind., July 13.— Hon.
Charles L. Jewett, ex-chairman of the
Demociatic State Executive Committee,
has withdrawn from the contest for the
Democratic nomination for Congress from
the Third Indiana District because his
party declared lor free silver.
POPULISTS
GATHERING,
Ready for Their National
Convention at St.
Louis.
CHAIRMAN TAUBENECK
IS SULLEN.
Made Sore by the Action of the
Silver Democrats, He Will
Not Talk.
BRYAN OF NEBRASKA MAT B£
INDORSED.
Teller, However, Has a Large Fo!-
lowing and They Will Work
for Him.
"The Call's" Headquarters,)
Hotel Lindell, v
St. Louis, Mo., July 13. )
The "Pops" are gathering in 8t Louis
for their big National Convention on July
22. It will pro bably be the most notable
meeting ever held in the history of this
party. The leaders are in a quandary;
they even hesitate to discuss the situation.
Chairman Taube neck of the National Com
mittee has locked himself up in his room
in the Commercial building and will not
even receive representatives of the press.
He is sulking over the action of the Demo
cratic convention in declaring lor the free
and unlimited coinage of gold and silver
at a ratio of 16 to 1 and naming William J.
Bryan of Nebraska as its standard-bearer.
This action of the Democrats has robbed
the Populists of much of their thunder, in
addition to a possible candidate of the
party. Many of them with whom I con
versed about the Lindell to-day unhesi
tatingly declared tbat Mr. Bryan was a
good enough Populist for them. Their
only complaint against the Nebraskan is
that he is training in bad company.
There is no reason to believe that had not
Bryan been named by the Democrats he
could have secured the nomination at the
hands of the Populists without much
trouble. Since his nomination at Chi
cago, however, the situation has changed
considerably and Bryan will have a fight
before he secures the indorsement of the
convention next week.
The belief is quite general in St. Louis
to-day that Mr. Bryan eventually will
secure tbe 1 ndorsement of» the Populists.
Even if he fails in the accomplishment of
this end his silver friends say that he will
draw largely from the Populistic polls.
Dr. J. J. Mott, secretary of the Bimetallic
League of America, has arrived in town
from Chicago to watch the movements of
the Populists. He has secured rooms at
tiie Lindell for Senators Stewart and Jones
and Congressmen Newlands of Nevada
and William P. St. John of New York.
These distinguished silver champions will
be on the ground in a few days. They are
all friendly to Bryan and sbould he be
indorsed by the Populists they will prob
ably try to secure like action by the silver
party convention.
"Will the Bimetallic National Conven
tion indorse Bryan's nomination?" I
inquired.
"I am not at liberty to speak definitely
bb to that," replied Mr. Mott, "but as an
officer of the Bimetallic League I ran say
tnat Mr. Bryan is quite a favorite of many
prominent members of the organization.
We are very well pleased with the plat
form and can support it. The action we
will take, however, will greatly depend
upon the course pursued by the Populist
convention as to the financial question."
"Is it probable that the Populists will
indorse Mr. Bryan's nomination for Presi
dent of the United States?"
Tnis question I put straight to Mr. Tau
beneck, but he could not answer it. He
only shook his head and smiled. The
chairman informed me, however, that in
bis opinion the convention will be large
and representative. They say delegates
will be in attendance from every State and
Territory in the Union with the exception
of Alaska. The widest interest is evidently
beinir taken in every action of the leaders.
Telegrams and letters are pouring in from
all sections of the country.
The executive committee will meet on
Saturday and the National Committee will
meet on July 21. Sergeant-at-Arms Mc-
Dowell is very busy making preparations
for the convention. He returned from his
home in Tennessee this morning. His
friends are congratulating him on his
nomination for Congress from the Tenth
Congressional District at Memphis, Term.
He told me that there would be 130.) dele
gates and as many alternates in the con
vention. The contracts for admission
tickets, delegate and press badges have
ail been let and the work for getting them
ready is progressing rapidly.
"i feel just this wav about it," he said.
"If they don't do what McDowell wants
them to do, McDowell will do what they
don't. I have not made up my mind as to
what it would be best for the convention
to do. Before we indorse any man we have
a right to know his position. I don't know
yet whether Teller is in the fight, and,
you know, if he is we might desire to keep
the pledges made after the Republican
convention."
It is quite certain that unless Teller ab
solutely declines to become a candidate
his interests will be guamed carefully by
thousands of admiring friends and he will
give Bryan a close race. Mrs. Diggs of
Kansas, who has usurped the place once
held by Mrs. Lease in the Populist ic move
ment and who will have a large following
in the convention, sends word that she
will not support Bryan. She favors Teller
for the first place on the ticket.
Ex-Governor Buchanan has opened up
headquarters at the Lindell and will make
a fight for Mills of Tennessee for the sec
ond place on the ticket. Mills ran for
Governor of Tennessee on the Populist
ticket and was defeated along with Henry
Clay Evans, the Democratic candidate.
Will he meet the fate that Evans did be
fore the Republican convention in the
city some weeks ago? Frank McGcibe.
WILL HOT L ET IT LANGUISH.
Populixti Determined to Keep Up the
Boom for Bland.
LINCOLN, Nkbb., July 13. — A number
of the Lancaster County delegates to the
Populist State Convention, next Wednes
day, left this afternoon for Grand Island.
Their presence thus early on the ground
is not to allow the Bryan boom to languish
at tbat meeting. There is little question
but that tbe State Convention will send a
solid delegation to St. Louis instructed to
work for Bryan's indorsement. Governor
Holcomb, who is booked to be one of the
delegates at large, is one of his most en
thusiastic supporters, and he wields a
powerful influence on the party in this
Stale. A few counties have deciarged
against fusion, but it is hardly thought
they can affect the result.
Here in Lincoln interest largely centers
in the demonstration on Bryan's return.
This morning committees started out to
canvass the city for funds and met with
much success. All the nreworks in the
city will be exploded that evening. There
will be delegations with bands from nearly
every town of importance in the State as
well as neighboring States. Denver has
promised to send a large delegation. To
show the absence of party feeling in the
demonstration, Colonel Ed R. Sizer, one
of the most uncompromising Republicans
in the city, has been placed in charge of
the affair.
SENATOR C HANDLER TALKS.
Personal Regard for Mr, Sewall, but He
la Doomed to Defeat.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— An in
terview is printed this evening with Sena
tor W. £. Chandler of New Hampshire, in
which he pays a high personal tribute to
Mr. Sewall of Maine. Senator Chandler
understands that Mr. Sewall is a protec
tionist and that he is as much opposed to
free trade as he (Chandler) is. While this
may not make him acceptable to the
Democrats, it will, Senator Chandler
thirks, commend him to the Populists,
who are largely protectionists.
"Does the nomination of Mr. Sewall
strengthen the ticket?" the Senator was
asked.
"It makes it more respectable, but no
stronger. It won't give the ticket an extra
vote in the East, or perceptibly increase it
in Maine."
"Then you think the ticket will have a
chance in November?"
"It has not the slightest chance to win
unless we are to imagine that half the
American people will go crazy between
now and November. A broad wave of in
sanity is all that can elect the ticket."
"Will the Democrats make a showing in
Maine?"
"The personal mends of Mr. Sewall
may help Him increase the D3mocratic
vote in Maine and thus keep the Demo
cratic party from disappearing at the polls,
as would otherwise have been the case.
Without his nomination the Democratic
vote would have been little more than
'scattering.' The Republican majority in
Maine will not be more than 30,000."
"Did you note the assertion of Senator
Tillman that your State will vote for silver
in November?"
"We are expecting and believe we will
get 15,000 majority in New Hampshire in
November. Our people are biraetallists,
but there is no sentiment for the imme
diate free coinage of silver, which is the
issue. Substantially all the leadine Demo
crats of the State will vote for 'McKinley.
Those who do not will take to the woods."
THE BOLTING REPUBLICANS.
Preparing to Hold a Conference and
lanue a Proclamation.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 13.—
The bolting Republican delegates from the
St. Louis Convention are preparing to hold
a conference and issue a proclamation as
to what they propose to do in the coming
campaign.
On Sunday a number of them met at
Manitou Springs. Among those present
were Senator Teller of Colorado. Senator
Dubois of Idaho, Congressman Hartman
of Montana, General Stevenson of Colo
rado and others.
Senator Lee Mantle of Montana and
others of the leaders were expected to ar
rive to-day, but cannot be here until later
in the week. It is thought tbat they will
get together about Thursday next. They
state positively that no sort of an agree
ment has been reached, but those who are
closest to them claim that there is no
doubt but that they will indorse Bryan.
PROFESSOR WALKER TALKS.
Snv» Major McKinley Is Not a Gold
Monometalliat.
LONDON, Eng., July 13.— At a meeting
of the Bimetallic League held here to-day
an address was delivered by Professor
Francis A. Walker, the American politi
cal economist and superintendent of the
census, of the United States in 1870 and
1880. Professor Walker was cheered as he
arose and was frequently interrupted by
bur3ts of applause. He declared that no
gold monometaliist party existed in the
United States, and said toe wouid stake
his honor that if a bimetallist convention
was proposed to the United States by the
principal sound money men of Europe
the Americans would tumble head over
heels in welcoming the proposal. Senator
Gray, Professor Walker said, would find
very few men to join him in opposition to
a proposal for a common ratio between
gold and silver. What the silverites really
desired, be continued, was silver inflation.
Widely separated from these men were
the real bimetallists of the United States.
Nothing, Professor Walker declared,
could be more unfounded than to say
that the Republican National Convention
held in St. Louis had pronounced in favor
of gold monometallism. Mr. McKinley,
he said, had never been a gold monomet
aliist; he could not be one if he tried. He
had always been uniformly a bimetallism
The maintenance of a gold standard in
the United States was not rendered a whit
less secure by reason of anything that was
done at the convention held in Chicago,
but despite much friendly advice from
this side of the ocean the United States
wa9 not going to pull other people's chest
nuts-out of the fire and would remain de
voted to the rehabilitation of silver as a
money metal and always ready to make
sacrifices to that end. The bonds of the
United States, he added, would continue
to be paid in gold or its equivalent and
the credit of the United States would con
tinue to be as high as it ha 1 ever been
since she had triumphantly vindicated her
nationality in the war of secession.
Professor Walker was loudly cheered at
the conclusion of his address.
Give a One- fare Rate,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 13.— The follow
ing announcement was issued to-day:
All railroad associations in the United States
except the Trunk Line Association, with head
quarters in New York, and embracing the fol
lowing lines: Baltimore and Ohio, Central
Railroad of New Jersey, Chesapeake and Ohio.
Delaware, Lackawanna and Western, Erie Rail
road, Grand Trunk Railroad, Lebigh Valley
Railroad, New York Central anil Hudson
River, New York, Ontario and Western, Penn
sylvania Railroad, Philadelphia and Reading
and West Shore, and the New England Asso
ciation, wiih headquarters in Boston, have
given a one-fare rate for the round trip, com
mencing July 19, for all delegates and visitors
to the People's party convention and the silver
convention, both of which meet in St. Louis,
July 22. Hugh McDowell,
Sergeant-at-Arms People's Party National
Committee.
Quay Active Part.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 13.—Sena
tor Quay has resigned the State chairman
ship, and bis successor will be elected at
once. Deputy Attorney-General John P.
Elkinwill be elected Mr. Quay's successor.
He is a stanch follower of the Senator. Mr.
Quay's resignation of the State chairman
ship is taken to indicate that as a member
of the executive committee of the Repub
lican National Committee he intends to
take an active part in the campaign.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FOR SOUND
MONEY NOW
Illinois Gold Democrats Issue
a Call for a New
Ticket.
THE DISSATISFACTION
WITH SILVERITES.
All Party Precedents Violated
at the Convention Held
io Chicago.
TALK OF PROTECTING THE GOOD
NAME OF THE NATION.
Secretary Carlisle Said to Be tbe
Ideal Candidate of the Dis
senters.
■„ CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— The honest
money Democracy of ', Illinois, through its
executive committee, issued an address to
night to the Democrats of other States,
calling upon them .to nominate another
National ticket 7 and adopt a platform of
•'sound money" principles upon which
the nominees can appeal to the people of
that opinion. This address was author
ized at a meeting of the executive com
mittee Saturday night and a committee of
three was appointed to write and issue it.
This committee , met to-day *in the' law
office of . Henry S. , Robbins, president of
the Illinois Democratic Sound ( Money
League, and agreed upon the address,
which is as follows:
To our fellow-Democrats of other States: A
National Convention, convened ' under the
constituted authority 'of our party, 1 has just
'. closed its session In the city of Chicago. It
enters upon ' Its -work by ' violating all . party
precedents In the rejection of a distinguished
Democrat as its temporary presiding officer. ■>
It deprived a sovereign . State of a voice in
its deliberations by unseating, without. causa
or legal justification, delegates elected with
all the regularity of party organization.
It refused to indoise the honesty and fidel
ity of the" present Democratic National admin- -
istration. It adopted a platform which favors
the free and unlimited coinage of silver by
this country alone at a ratio of 16 to 1, and
'thereby it repudiated & time-honored Demo- ■ *
cratic principle, whicn the strict
maintenance of a sound 'and stable .National
currency. . .-. ",'
X. Finally, 'to make it still plainer 'that al
though in name it was not in fact a Demo
cratic convention, it nominated' for President
one who is not in his political convictions and
has not always been even- in ■: his professions a
Democrat. - : v ; \ ; • .
This has made; such a crisis, both , for the
Nation' and; the Democratic party, that tha
sound money Democrats must at once decide
what political action they will : take for the
protection of the honor of the Nation, pros
peri of the people | and the life and useful
ness of the party. , -. •. ■';•-. : ,
': The sound money Democrats of Illinois have
fully made up their minds that a new Demo
cratic National : Convention , should ,be called
for the earliest feasible day to nominate Demo
cratic candidates for President and Vice-Presi
dent and to adopt ! a platform of - Democratic
principles; and they desire to state to their
fellow-Democrats of ■ the j other States their
reasons, as follows:/ ■ ,-
First — The sound money Democrats owe it to
the country to. make it certain at once that
their revolt against free silver is determined,
and will be organized, jlt is unfair to oblige
the credit of the Nation and : the business and
industrial interests of : the : people to merely Z
guess what the sound money Democrats will
do in November, and wait until November to
find out. . ;
, Second— The nomination of • a new ticket la
the logical ; course; without : it, and ; Found
money Democratic campaign, the , whole edu
cational force of sound money Democratic
sentiment would be paralyzed from the begin
ning. Resolutions . cannot \ argue the sound
money question to Democratic voters. Repub
lican sincerity on that question is doubted by
the Democratic ' masses. The tariff I question
will be put to the front and insisted upon by
Republican speakers and the Republican
press, as it has been repeatedly dona by Mc-
Kinley himself. Democrats will not listen to
talks on finance when it ; is ■■ accompanied by
abuse of ■ the • Democratic 1 party. . The ■ most
effective force at this time for a campaign , is
the force residing in the sound : money , Demo
crats; for they are profoundly in earnest, and
can get a hearing from' Democrats that the
Republicans cannot possibly get. -
'Without a campaign we should not only
have no speakers, but our press would be
firing into the air; and the whole force of
campaign organization and campaign workers
in campaign literature and the great power of
constant private discussion and appeal would
all be lost."
Third— A new convention would . also pre
serve for the future the opportunities of the
Democratic party.' Unless a clear : comparison
is made between the' genuine | Democrats and
the Democrats who are drifting into Populism,
or are ' already in Populism, and unless that
clear-cut separation is supported by organiza
tion and a reorganized Democratic party is the
result, the party, has no chance of regaining
public confidence for '.years to come. The
sound-money Democrats in the different States
must either make :it 'clear. l that they have no .
association with the Bryan party ; or they must
accept association or entanglement with : It;
and all State organizations will in the public
mind be for it that do not make It absolutely
clear that they are against it.
,, — Democrats who believe in Demo
cratic principles must have a party. They now
have the opportunity to reorganize , and keep
the Democratic Darty, and the interests of the
Nation imperatively, demand that the great
Democratic party shall be rescued out of ■ Pop* .
ulism and kept on its historic foundation,
i? The sound money Democrats are sufficiently
organized in this State to be able to meet their
fellow Democrats in a new convention and are
anxious Cto confer with representatives of
another State whenever a v representative con
ference can be brought about. We hope that
out of the responses to this public statement
of theylews of the Illinois Democracy there
can be gathered so much of : the ; judgment of
the leading sound money Democrats of the
United States as can be formulated into a Dlau
of ■ action. ;r - Communications should ;be ad- :
dressed to Charles A. Ewmg, Palmer House,
Chicago.
John A. Palmer, Charles A. Ewing, James H.
Eckels, Franklin MacVeagh, Ben T. Cable,
William S. Forman, Thomas A. Moran. John
P. Hopkins, Henry 8. Robbins, A. L. Goodrich,
James T. Hoblitt, Adolph Kraus, James M.
Sheehan, Charles H. Williamson, Lyndea2
Evans, R. E. Spangler, executive committee
of the honest money Democracy of Illinois.
This pronunciamento sets the pace for
ihe East, but in the minds of th© leaders
there is not an abundance of faith with
the party organizations which sent gold
delegations to the Chicago convention
will declare for another convention. The
most that Illinois expects is that enough
pold Democrats outside the regular organ
izations will send delegations to the new
convention proposed as to make it suc
cessful, and the Middle and Southern
States are relied on to give the new move
ment much support. It is in those States
that the gold men expect to win. Names
of standard-bearers have been freely men
tioned. Chief among them is Secretary
Carlisle. He is regarded as the ideal can
didate if he would acrept, but no assur
ance has been received from him. Henry
Watterson is looked upon with almost
equal favor, coming from the Bame State,
but he is out of the country and it is not
known when he will return. The other
statesmen mentioned are Senator John M.
Palmer of Illinois and Secretary J. Ster
ling Morton, who ia from Bryan's State.
Senator Hill is regarded as the great ob
stacle to the co-operation of Eastern party
organizations in the call for a new ticket.
From private telegrams received to-day
from the Nevr York Senator and other
party leaders in the Empire State it is as
pood as settled that New York's Demo
cratic machine will not favor another con
vention. Senator Hill's plan is under
stood to be to fight for the election ol gold
Congressmen and for throwing the Presi
dential election into the House of Kepre
sentives, where a more successful contest
for a gold President would be more prob
able than with a third ticket.
The Illinois gold Democrats received a
setback to-day in the announcement of
Postmaster Washington Hesing, a leader
of that faction from the start, that he was
opposed to a third ticket. He denounced
the proposition on the ground that a third
ticket would mean the election of the sil
ver Democratic ticket.
The revolt of the Illinois delegation
against Governor Altgeld, which broke ont
first in the convention hall when the State
swung to Bryan, was accentuated to-day
by the resignation of Colonel Henry It
Donovan of Chicago of his position of in
spector-general or the Illinois National
Guard, to which he was appointed by the
Governor. Colonel Donovan was an orig
inal Boies man and led the anti-Bland
forces in the convention against the Gov
ernor.
MORE CHEEKS FOR SEW ALL.
it reai i/tmomiranou urer we ±a\i-r.na
er** departure.
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— W. J. Bryan,
accompanied by Mrs. Bryan, left the scene
of bis triumphant nomination this after
noon at 2:20 o'clock over the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad for his boyhood home in
Salem, 111. The time and place of his de
parture were not sufficiently known to
draw a crowd to the depot, and his de
parture was accordingly unattended by
any demonstration. A few dozen friends
bade him good-by.. Salem is in Marion
County, which was the only county in Illi
nois to pass a resolution favoring the nom
ination of the Nebraskan at its convention
on May 25 to select delegates to the State
convention held at Peoria.
The departure of Arthur Bewail for his
home in Bath, Maine, was more demon
strative. Mr. Sewall has been the guest of
Erskine M. Phelps, ex-National Commit
teeman for Illinois, during his stay in the
convention city, at Mr. Phelps' home,
1793 Indiana avenue, and after Mr. Se
wall's meeting with Mr. Bryan and the
sab-committee of the notification commit
tee in the Clifton House the man from
Maine was entertained at the Chicago
Club by Mr. Phelps. The rest of the after
noon until train time was spent quietly
witb friends, and at 5:30 o'clock Mr. £e
wall was driven to the Van Buren-street
depot of tbe Lake Shore road, where he
took the regular train on that road for
Boston en route to his home. A crowd of
1500 people had gathered at the station to
see him off and lustily cheered him when
he appeared on the platform. He held a
hand-shaking reception, but made no
speech.
Charles A. Walsh of Ottumwa, lowa,
secretary of the State Central Committee
of lowa and the manager of the Boies
convention campaign, will be the perma
nent secretary of the Democratic National
Committee if his probationary term as
temporary secretary proves satisfactory
to the committee. By authority given to
him in a resolution adopted Saturday
night by the full National Committee,
Chairman Jones this afternoon appointed
Mr. Walsh temporary secretary of the
committee, and the general understanding
to-day is that he will be retained in that
position. Mr. Walsh had a conference
this morning with Senator Jones with
reference to his appointment, and after
ward the lowan called on ex-Secretary
Sheerin of the National Committee at the
Palmer House headquarters to get infor
mation as to the details of his new posi
tion, which Mr. Sheerin gladly afforded
his young successor.
The committeemen remaining in town
are delighted over the selection of their
colleague. Captain S. B. Evens, chairman
of the Boies campaign committee, who is
associated with Mr. Walsh in the publica
tion |of the Ottumwa Sun, and who was
chairman of the lowa League of tbe
National Democratic Bimetallic Com
mittee, said to-night to a reporter for
the United Press just prior to
his departure for home: "We are mighty
glad of Mr. Walsh's appointment. We
deseive it as a State and he deserves it as
a man. He was born in Van Buren
County, lowa, thirty years ago, and is a
lawyer in Ottumwa, besides being part
owner of the Sun with me. Mr. Walsh is
sometimes called 'The Bishop' because of
his clerical appearance. Hs is very dis
creet, a man of system and detail and will
faithfully carry out the plans of the com
mittee in all its details. In my capacity
as chairman of the lowa bimetallic com
mittee, Mr. Walsh rendered great as
sistance in organizing tt.o league and the
Democratic party outsid e the lines of the
Democratic committee. His wife is with
him here and they expt jt to return home
to-night."
BRYAN'S BIG HEAD
Jt Continues to t>w*ll During a Western
Journty.
CHAMPAIGN, 111., July 13.— William
J. Bryan arrived here on the Illinois Cen
. tral road at 5:55 this evening aiter a pleas
ant ride of three hours and a half from
Chicago. At several places along the
route Mr. Bryan was giv«/n hearty recep
tions. His first experience was at Karka
kee, where about a thousand men, women
and children were gathered. A cheer went
up from tbe crowd as Mr. Bryan appeared
on the platform of the Pullman sleeper in
which he made the journey and he was
obliged to get down into tue crowd and
grasp the many hands extended. Kanka
kee was reached at 4:02, and although tbe
train remained there for three minutes
only Mr. Bryan made a good record as a
handshaker. At Kankukee Mr. Bryan
was banded this telegram :
FRANKLIN. Pa.— Accept congratulations.
Your spurs were won in the field.
Joseph C. Siblet.
At Gilman a stop of a couple of minutes
was made to enable the hundred or more
of sturdy farmers gathered at that station
to give a cheer lor the candidate and
shake hia hand. The crowd was very
good natured and indulged in many jok-
i ng remarks, which Mr. Bryan seemed to
appreciate.
The train on which Mr. Bryan made the
journey to Ody, the nearest point on tbe
Illinois Central to Salem, is the regular
train which left Chicago at 2:20. Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan and a party of newspaper men
occupied the attached Pullman sleeper.
Scott Ja cksan and wife, old friends of tbe
Br vans, were also in the car and the only
other occupant was F. U. Adams, who
was secretary of the Democratic literary
bureau. On the journey down to Cham
paign Mr. Bryan told a United Press rep
resentative something about his plans.
"I will remain in Salem until Thursday
morning," he said, "and will then leave
for Kansas City. I expect to stay over
night in Kansas City, leaving for Lincoln
Friday morning and reaching there that
night."
"There is the man with the white hat,"
was tbe cry at Paxton, a small station
which was reached at 5:15, and a stop of a
minute made. Bryan's white hat is
likely to be a conspicuous object in the
campaign. It is one of those soft felt af
fairs, creamy in color, adorned by a band
of lighter hue than i;s texture. It could
be readily seen by the 200 people gathered
op the Paxton station platform. They
made a rash toward it as Bryan stepped
from the train. A hearty shout went up,
and then the crowd laughed uproariously
at Bryan's remark that "If you just vote
as well as you shout, we'll get along all
right."
Rantout, another small station, turned
out a hundred or more people and a big
fl3g, and they, too, had the opportunity of
congratulating Bryan.
CHAMPAIGN, 111,. July 13.— Mr. Bryan
made his first campaign speech at Cham
paign, where the train stopped twenty
minutes. A fiatcar had been improvised
into a speaker's stand and from this Mr.
Bryan addressed his audience, consisting
of 1500 people. He was escorted from the
train by Colonel J. R. Wolfe, Colonel S.
T. Buzy, Colonel W. H. Purcell, J. R.
Scott and J. W. Orr, the reception com
mittee. As the crowd here was larger than
that at any othei point so Was its potency
as a noisemaker greater. Colonel Wolfe
introduced Mr. Bryan in a short speech
and Mrs. Bryan, who had accompanied
her husband to the stand, was led forward
with old-time gallantry and introduced as
Mr. Bryan's "most excellent wife." This
caused a great cheer.
''I have not been in your city since
1879," said Mr. Bryan. "That year I was
a student at the Illinois College and I at
tended an intercollegiate contest at this
place. lam not going to make a political
speech this evening — " Here a small boy
who had suddenly become aware that a
big man was in town let out a vigorous
hooray. This produced a roar of laugh
ter, in which Mr. Bryan joined, and it was
a minute or two before he was able to re
sume.
"I have just been talking some in
Chicago and am sort of between speeches.
This is an important campaign. In my
judgment it is the most important cam
uaign this country has passed through in
a time of peace. The issues are those
which affect every man, woman and child
in tne Nation, and I beg of you that yon
shall appreciate the important part you
bear in this campaign. This is the greatest
Nation on earth. It is in advance of all
gtheriiations. Its advancement >
on earth; because, being in the hands of
the people, it can be made as good an the
people desire. If our laws are good, if onr
laws are just, it is because our people have
force to make them just. I believe there
Is more justice in the people than is ex
pressed through their representatives. If
laws are bad, it is the fault of the repre
sentatives of the people and so must-be
remedied by the people. There ar« those
who have tbe idea that patriotism can
only be manifested in time of war. I was
too young to go to the war, but in every
campaign such as this you and I have a
chance to show our patriotism.
"Our Government is the most perfect
form of government because it is the beat
that the people can offer for a display of
patriotism. Every real economic question
is a great moral question. When you
come to the settlement of a question like
that of tbe present campaign morality is
invited. Tbe financial question is the
most important issue in this campaign,
and I wish that you would study it so
that you may understand tbe way it affects
you and your interests. There is no class
to which tbe question can be committed
because no one class can be trusted to take
care of it. Before tbe campaign is over
the discussion will turn on one question,
'Is this Nation great enough to legislate
for itself?' We believe we are strong
enough to determine our own financial
policy without waiting for any other
nation on earth. [Cheers. J It is not a
complicated question. Every great eco
nomic question is at least a great moral
question, and when it comes to be settled
it can only be done by the great common
people of the Nation. The politicians,
too, have tried to settle the money ques
tion ; the people have tried to settle the
money question, but it will not be settled
until the people have a chance to express
their opinions, and it will not be settled
until then, and from that there is no
appeal,"
•The people cheered Mr. Bryan as the
train pulled out.
At Tolono Mr. Bryan shook hands with
an enthusiastic crowd, and at Tuscola, the
county seat of Douglas County, he did bis
best to let the thousand or more gathered
there have a chance to do the same thing.
Mr. Bryan usually stepped from the car to
the station platform, and was immediately
surrounded by men, women and children.
The women were out in large numbers at
nearly every station, and many of them
had with them their children, whom they
were anxious to show to the Democratic
candidate.
MATTOON, 111., July 13. — Mattoon,
with its 10,000 inhabitants, turned out a
large proportion of its people and a brass
band to greet the young candidate. Fully
a thousand people pressed about the rear
platform of Mr. Bryan's car, and when he
appeared the cheer that went up was given
with a vim. Mr. Bryan was introduced
by Hon. Frank Bpitler, and yielding at
last to the importunities for a speech, he
made these remarks:
"I have been taught to believe that a
public servant was but a public man
chosen fora certain term and to do certain
public work. You can't always tell whether
a man will make a good hired man or not.
Sometimes he makes a good nired man
and sometimes he does not. We have a
splendid platform adopted at Chicago, and
I believe any man who will carry out that
platform will a good hired man for the
people of the United States. [Cheers. J
'Ibis will be a campaign in which there
will be a great deal of feeling, more feeling
than at any time since the war in a cam
paign in which you or I have indulged.
There will be certain feelings on both sides.
You will find there are those who will say
that the platform adopted at Chicago will
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
be ruinous to the countay. On our side
you will find those who claim that. the
restoration of the free and unlimited coin
age of silver at the present ratio of 16 to 1
can be accomplished without awaiting for
any other nation on earth. [Cheers.]
"Those who will be principally benefited
by the rise of the dollar are in favor of
raising the value of the dollar. But those
otherE.who are the people, do not want the
value of the dollar to rise when it de
presses the value of human toil. When
those who are benefited by the rise of the
dollar ask you what kind of money you
want tell them you want good money.
You want a dollar that will be just, not
one that will take from the labor-produc
ing classes of the world. [Cheers.]
EFFINGHAM, 111.. July 13. — The
crowd to greet Mr. Bryan here was small
but it was enthusiastic, so much so that
Mr. Bryan consented to make a speech.
Standing on the rear platform, be said :
"Fellow-citizens— l remember that less
than a year ago I stopped off here for a
few hours and spoke at the Courthouse.
At that time we were anxious that the
Democratic party should adopt a platform
which was Democratic. Since then a
great struggle has been going on, and last
week it ended in the National Convention,
and that convention adopted a platform
that was Democratic in every line «nd
every word, and they go before the coun
try appealing to the people on that plat
form."
Here the train moved out and the end
of the speech was lost in c&eers for Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan.
EDGEWOOD, 111., July 13.— Night had
fallen by the time the train bearing Mr.
Bryan to Salem reached this place, and
the fireworks threw into relief the little
knot of people gathered at that station.
Mr. Bryan shook hands with a large num
ber of them. Mr?. Bryan was presented
by Scott Matthews as "the better part of
the family," and the cheers which followed
the announcement were of the heartiest.
The train drew out from Edgewoodat 8:30.
ODIN. 111.. July 13.— The train bring
ing William J. Bryan and party to South
ern Illinois drew into tbo depot here at
9:30 to-night. A cannon and brass band
augmented the enthusiasm of the people
when the Democratic candidate stepped
from the car. Odin is the junction of the
Illinois Central and Baltimore and Obio
Southwestern, and it was necessary for
the Bryan party to change cars for Salem.
While the cannon saluted, Mr. Bryan,
led by the hand and escorted by many
hundreds of bis old friends, walked to the
New Virginia Hotel, where he held a short
reception to many personal friends. He
was "Will" and "Billy" to a number of
those who pressed forward to greet him
and called by famiiiar names by many of
the residents. Althoueh Mr. Bryan had
decided not to talk at OJin he was forced
to break the resolution and consented to
make a few remarks. Colonel N. B. Mor
rison, chairman of the reception com
mittee, introduced Mr. Bryan as the next
President, and when the enthusiasm bad
quieted down, Mr. Bryan made a pleasant
little address without any politics in it.
He did not want them to expect a speech,
he said, because he had not yet been noti
fied of his nomination. He had had an
inkling of it through the press, but he
thoucht it better to wait until the formal
notification came. Mr. Bryan expressed
his happiness at being once more among
his friends at Odin, in the county where
ne had spent his boyhood days.
He did not Know when he left there
thirteen years ago that he would come
back as the representative of a principle
in which all his auditors were interested.
He was deeply touched at the manifesta
tions of good will. He had no enemies
here, he feit sure, and one of the pleasant
est things to him was that in Marion
County he had not an enemy and never
bad. Mr. Bryan then delivered some ic
marks on the power of circumstances.
It wes curious, he said, how they
marked out one's career. He bad been
placed by circumstances as the staudard
bearer of the Democratic party. The
party wanted some one to carry out the
platform and circumstances pointed to
him. If elected he was but to hold the
office of President for a little time and
then he would step down and out and
give all deference to the man who would
succeed him. He never thought of our
office-holding system, be said, without
thinking of our simplicity of Government.
Every office-holder was merely the
creature of the people's will, and when
ever a change in the political situation oc
curred he would leave hia situation and
another would take his place. The Amer
ican people, said Mr. Bryan, knew no
divine right of kings. They were the ones
who directed the affairs of state, ami the
safety of the Nation was in the common
people of America, the greatest country
on earth.
SALEM, 111., July 13.— Mr. Bryan
reached Salem, the place where he was
born and spent his boyhood, at 11 o'clock
to-night. The town expected the visit,
and the great crowd of former neighbors
of the young candidate, who turned out to
do him honor, were not sparing |o the ex
ercise of lung power. It was only two
weeks ago that Mr. Bryan was last at bis
native town. It bad been a sad visit, for
he had come to attend the funeral of his
mother, who did not live long enough to
see her son receive the highest compli
ment that could be paid him by his party.
Nearly everybody in Salem knows Mr.
Bryan, and the reception had a deeper
significance than the others along the
route. Salem is a typical Western county
Beat of the old sort.
It has a public square surrounding the
Courthouse, fronted by its two hotels and
a number of dwellings. It looked as
though every one of Salem's 1200 inhab
itants bad turned out to meet their former
townsman, and Mr. Bryan's band was
shaken with a vigor that threatened to
put it in the hospital for some time. His
three sisters live here, and they were the
happiest of those who clustered around
the young orator and told him how proud
they were of his success.
The train in which the nominee trav
eled the six miles between Odin and Salem
was made up of ordinary passenger
coaches, and the one Mr. and Mrs. Bryan
entered was crowded with people going
east from St. Louis. A seat was found for
them in the center of the car, and they
were surrounded by the passengers. The
short trip was soon over, and when the
train pulled into Salem at 11 o'clock Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan were given an ovation by
the townspeople.
The little town has been in a great state
of excitement all day, and to-night when
Mr. Bryan arrived the townspeople turned
out en masse at the station. On the ar
rival of the train a salute was fired, and
the whole south end of Broadway, the
principal street, was illuminated by a
display of fireworks. Nearly every house
along Broadway and Main street was
illuminated by Chinese lanterns and
candles. Mayor Lakia and a reception
committee met Mr. Bryan at the station,
and placed Mrs. Bryan at his side in an
open carriage decorated with flowers and
drawn by two spirited horses with a crowd
cheering all the way.
The procession passed up Broadway and
then turned down Main street to the home
of Mr. Bryan's sisters. The Salem brass
hand was in the lead, followed by a Roman
candle brigade, while a detachment of
horsemen brought up the rear. Tse
Misses Bryan with a number of relatives
were gathered at the old home to receive
their distinguished brother. Here were
also the three children of the candidate.
When the greetings were over Mr. Bryan
stepped to the veranda of the house, a
niode-t cotta.e, and after the cheering
bad ceased, he addressed the crowd as
follows :
"Fellow citizens: I don't know what to
say more than to thank you. There is no
spot that ever becomes so dear to a man as
the spot where cling the memories of his
early childhood. I have come back to Sa
lem every few months, and as long as I
live no spot will b« so dear to me as Sa
lem. [Cheers.] I assure you I appreciate the
friendly interest you manifest, because in
this there is no party, but friends of all
parties. Those friendly and those opposed
to the principles which I advocate are
here. I with you might have had with
me to-night the gentleman who occupies
the place on the National ticket with me.
I wish you could know Mr. Sewall. While
my acquaintance with him has not been
long, I think he is a manly man. I wish
he could come here and become acquainted
with this enthusiasm. I may have an op
portunity to say something on Wednes
day, and I can only say to-night that I am
deeply gratified with this reception in the
place of my birth. I can only say thank
you for your consideration. Good night."
REPUDIATE THE PLATFORM.
More Journals That Change Front For
mer Politics.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., July 13.— Tbe Even
ing Times, which is owned by tbe Courier-
Journal, heretofore unflinching in its sup
port of every platform and candidate bear
ing the label of Democracy, even support
ing General Hardin for Governor last year
notwithstanding his repudiation of the
sound-money plank in the Democratic
State platform, announces that it will not
and cannot support the Populistic, anarch
istic, un-Deruocratic and anti- Democratic
ticket and platform put forth at Chicago.
ROCHESTER, N. V., July 13—The
Rochester Herald (D.), a morning paper,
and tae Union and Advertiser (D.), an
evening paper, have placed tbe names of
Bryan and Sewall at the head of their ed
itorial pages. Neither support the plat
form.
AUSTIN, Tex, July 13.— The Austin
Statesman (D.), the leading Democratic
paper, denounces the Chicago platform as
a Populist monstrosity and asks: "Does
the great old Democratic party intend to
submit quietly to such an outrage?"
The Statesman suggests a Democratic
ticket with Hill as President and John B.
Uordon for Vice- President.
A Bryan- »f trail Club.
BUTTE, Most., July 13.— A tremendous
mass-meeting was held in Butte to-night,
and aßryan-Sewall club organized. Over
2000 voters signed the roll, including many
of the most prominent Republicans in the
city. Mayor Thompson and State Attor
new M. L. Wines, both Republicans,
made strong speeches, declaring tnat no
silver man could consistently support Mc-
Kinley. Speeches were also made by
prom inent Populists and Democrats.
A DIPLOMATIC DISPUTE,
American Passports in Russia
the Subject of Correspond*
ence.
Prince Lobanoff Explains the Attitude
cf His Government Toward
the Jews.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.-The
diplomatic correspondence contains a
series of letters between the State Depart
ment and American Minister Erecklnridee
at St. Petersburg on the subject of the re
fusal of the Russian consular officers to
vise United States passports in favor of
Jews. This correspondence includes a let
ter from Prince Lobanoff, datea at St.
Petersburg, July 8, 1895, in which the
American Minister is informed in reply to
an expression of opinion from him that
the refusal interposed by the Russian con
sular authority to the request for a vise is
contrary to the American constitution,
which does not allow that a citizen of the
United States should be deprived of his
rights by reason of the faith he professes.
The Prince asserts "that the broadest
spirit of toleration for all cults forms^the
very basis of the Russian laws; the Jewish
religion is no more prohibited in Russia
than in the United States; it is even le
gally recognized here and enjoys certain
privileges, but when for motives of inter
nal order Russian law raises obstacles to
the entrance of certain categories of for
eieners upon our territory, the Russian
consuls, who can neither be ignorant of nor
overlook the law, are in the necessity of
refusing to vise tc persons who are known
to belong in these categories."
Prince Lobanoff says further: "As to
the American constitution, I must con
less that it seems to me to be here beside
the question. The article of the constitu
tion which you are good enough to men
tion and which prescribes that no religion
is prohibited in tbe United States, is, by
the very nature of things, placed outside
of all prejudice by the consular authority.
He has neither to prohibit nor authorize
the exercise in America of any cult, and
the fact of his vise being accorded or re
fused does not encroach upon the article in
question. The refusal of the vise is not at
all an attack upon any established reli
gion; it is the consequence of a foreign
law of an administrative character, which
has its effect outside of the territory of the
Union."
The reference of all the matter to the
State Department, giving his views as
presented to the Russian Government by
Minister Breckinridge, includes a state
ment from the American Minister to the
effect that this Government cannot con
sent to certain facts complained of by Rus
sian consular officials, tending as they do
"to humiliate witnfn it" own territory by
invidious and disparaging distinctions a
cla s embracing many of its most hon
ored and valuable citizens, though in such
a cause it would contend with equal zeal
for a single though the humblest citizen
of the land."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Aeto Postmasters • and Pensioners—Ord
nance Inspector Coming.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— W. H.
Caldwellwas to-day appointed Postmaster
at Walnut Creek, • Contra Costa ? County,
Cal., vice T. J. Young, removed.
: By direction of the Secretary •of War
First Lieutenant Ormond M. Lissak of the
ordnance department will make not ex
ceeding six visits from i Benicia " Arsenal,
Cal., to jfort Wintteld Scott, Cal., on offi
cial \ business pertaining to the test of pow
der manufactured for the dnance de
partment by the California Powder Works.
Mrs. > M. Fabian of . San Francisco :is at
the Riggs. HnBBRHPWHPHHP I !
;.. Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows: . : . -:.
I California: Original—John'; H. Brown,
San Diego; Joseph H. Tibbals, San Diego;
Samuel Smith Jr , Trnckee. -r ...
. Washington: ; Original— Michael ; J. Mc-
Carthy, Orting.
TO MANAGE
A CAMPAIGN
Chairman Hanna Names
the Republican Execu
tive Committee.
M'KINLEY'S CHIEF AID
AT THE HELM.
Quay, Manley, Payne, Leland,
Clayton, Dawes, Durbin and
Scott Are Named.
TWO NEW QU£STIONS OF GREAT
MOMENT ARISE.
The Supreme Court Must Bj Defended
From the Divided Demo
cratic Party.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 13.— After
nearly a month of careful consideration,
Chairman M. A. Hanna of the Republican
National Committee has named the execu
tive committee who will be his co-laborers
and advisers in managing McKinley's cam
paign. The list of executive committee
men was furnished to the press to-day.
7t contains these names:
M. A. H.vska of Ohio, Chairman.
M. 8. Quay of Pennsylvania.
Joseph H. Majtley of Maine.
H. C. Paynb of Wisconsin.
Ctbu3 lblaxd of Kansas.
Powell Clayton of Arkansas,
C. G. Dawes of Illinois.
W. T. Dukbiw of Indiana.
N. B. Scott of West Virginia.
W. M. Osborne of Boston is made secre
tary of the committee and J. A. Dick of
this city assistant secretary. The com
mittee will meet here next Wednesday.
"1 am now preparing for the fight." said
Mr. Hanna to-day, with the air of a man
who is confident of winning a prospective
battle, "for there is going to be a fight, and
a hot one at that. We think that the
Western and Southern States are debatable
ground, and we shall go into the content
with that idea. The Dakotas should go
Republican, Nebraska shoula be Republi
can, and the same is true of Alabama and
Louisiana.
"I have not fully made up mind as to
the conditions political of the people of
the border States, but think we have a
fighting chance there. In the campaign
there are more issues than the tariff
and the money questions which are of
fully as much moment as the other two,
and which, if anything, concern the main
tenance of" our Government more than the
two iseues which now hola the public
mind.
"I refer particularly to the stability of
our judicial system, which is threatened
by the Democratic party. In their plat
form is a plank which contends that the
present system of selecting Judges of the
Supreme Court be swept away. That
court should be surrounded with the
greatest protection in order to keep it pure
and untainted, and the selection of Judges
should not be settled by a sudden wave, a
sudden excitement of the people; hysteria
of the masses, that is a good expression.
Frequently the people are swayed by
sentiments of momentary duration; they
■re wrought up to a high pitch and, with
out giving the matter sober second
thought, act. On the morrow they are
sorry for their course of action ; butthen
it is too late. The Supreme Court must
be guarded, as on its stability depends the
soundness of our Government."
MA JOB McKI NLEY'S VISITORS .
They Predict Sueccat, but Desire a Vig
orous Campaign.
CANTON, Ohio. July 13.— Governor Mc-
Kinley spent a great deal of time to-day
answering letters and telegrams of con
gratulation. A delegation of business
men from Jamestown, N. V., called on him
this afternoon and there were a large num
ber of ether callers. Hon. C. O. Whitmore
of Utah had a lons talk with Major Mc-
Kinley. He has been trying to sell Utah
bonds in the East and is going home to tell
his free silver neighbors that there will be
no market for their securities until the
people have declared in favor of honesty
money at the polls. Mr. Wbitmore says
the free silver idea is 3trong in Utah, but
he thinks that with a vigorous campaign
of education will come a great change in
public sentiment.
Ex-Secretary of the Treasury Charles
Foster spent several hours with Major
McKinley to-day. Mr. Foster takes a
hopeful view of the 9ituation,.and predicts
McKinley's election by a very large ma
jority. He thinks, however, that the cam
paign should be vicorous, and'like most
Republican politicians who come here, be
lieves the burden of the speaking cam
paign should be borne by General Harri
son, Benator Foraker, Thomas B. Reed and
General Stewart L. Woodford, whose
great financial debates with General
Thomas Ewing in this State during the
fiat money craze are a matter of history.
TO STUMP FOR GOLD.
Er-rrmittent Harrison Bill Bpeak in
the Harder Southern State: '
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 13.— The
statement is made by friends of ex-Presi
dent Harrison that he will make a num
ber of speeches for the gold standard in
the coming campaign, and tnat he will en
ter upon his labors as soon as he returns
from his Eastern trip. He will confine his
BTteches solely to the money question.
He will talk only in the border Southern
Stales, such as Kentucky, Maryland, Mis
souri. West Virginia and one or two oth
ers where the Democrats have majorities,
but where there is a pronounced gold sen
timent.
Plea of Guilty Cnwtei a Sensation.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 13.-The case of
W. C. Moreland, the ex-City Attorney
who, together with his assistant, W. H.
House, was charged with embezzlement
of city money and malfeasance in office,
waa called in court this morning. Imme
diately after the indictment was read Ma
ror Moreland entered a plea of guilty.
This caused great excitement, as such ac
tion was entirely unexpecied.
Three L V y\rhinqa in One Week.
NEW ORLEANS, La., July 13.— Frank
James, alias "Dark" James, was lynched
near Bayou Cara on Friday night. This is
the third lynching reported in this State
in one On Monday James killed
Spencer Williams, an old, respec : ed negro.
T c murder was done wh.le James was
drunk. A mob lynched him as soon as
they had proof of his crime.
JAPAN'S NEW BATTLE-SHIPS.
Through English Intrigue and the Lavish
Use of Money They Will Be Built
on the Clyde.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 13.— A Time*
special from Washington says: The re
port from San Fiancisco that accredited
agents of the Japanese Ministry are in
the United States prepared to make con
tracts for the building of several battle
ships is denied at the State Department,
where the intentions of the Japanese
Government, as far as the rehabilitation
of its navy is concerned, are well under
stood.
While it is known that Japan proposes
to at once contract fora number of first
class battle-sbips, it is also known that the
vessels will be constructed on the Clyde
and not in the United States. Since the
begiamng of the late war between Japan
and China British shipbuilders have an
ticipated these additions to Japan's navy
and have made their plans accordingly.
Moreover, a number of the youneer officers
in the Japanese navy have received their
technical training in Great Britain, and
these men are strong partisans for tne
country where their education was ac
quired.
While the two great ship- building firms
of this country — the Cramps of Philadel
phia and the" Union Iron Works of San
Francisco — have been represented in Japan
for only weeks at a time by a single agent
each, their British r;vals have sent scores
of representatives to Tokio well supplied
with mouev and instructions to entertain
lavishly. These men have been kept con
tinually upon the ground, and their
efforts have been supplemented by the in
fluence of the younger class of Jananese
officials who were graduated from English
training-schools, and who have aided
their British friends through ti;e social
and official influence which many of them
are able to exert.
Advices received from Tokio at the Navy
Department state that only two cruisers
would be built in this country, one by the
Cramps and tiie other by the Union Iron
Works. These, it is believed, will be ves
sels of the Olympia class, which the Japa
nase Government seems to favor.
PERU TO BE PRESSED.
Secretary Olney Will Push the Claims of
Victor H. Mac Cord for $200,000
Damages.
NEW YORK, N. V., Julyl3.-A Herald
special from Washington says: Among
several important international claims
which Secretary Olney is pressing against
Pan-American countries is the case of
Victor H. Mac Cord, whose demand of $200,
-000 for brutal and inhuman treatment has
been pending against the Peruvian Gov
ernment for the last eleven years.
Secretary Olney, it is said, has recently
sent instructions to the American Minister
at Lima, which amount in effect to a de
mand for the prompt payment of the
claim. No specific amount is named by
the State Department, but the Secretary
takes the ground in very positive terms
that Mr. MncCord has a just claim
against the Peruvian Government and
that steps should be taken at once for an
equitable settlement.
Mac Cord's action grows out of his ar
rest and imprisonment by the Peruvian
authorities while he was acting as super
intendent of the Arequipa and Cusco rail
roads in 1885. There was a revolution in
progress at the time. Through the perfidy
of the engineer of the train conveying
troops on tbe road of which Mac Cord had
charge it was delivered i ato the hands of
the revolutionists.
Mac Cord was immediately imprisoned
and word was sent to him to arrange his
affairs, as an order had been issued to
shoot him within an hour. He was re
leased after several days of intense suffer
ing, as the result of harsh treatment, on
tbe payment of $7500.
Boy a I Wedding Festivities in England.
LONDON, IM,, July 13.— The festivities
incident to the forthcoming marriage of
the Princesß Maud of Wales and Prince
Charles of Denmark were inaugurated to
day with a grand garden party in tbe
grounds of Buckingham Palace. Four
thousand invitations had been issued to
the nobility and aristocracy, members of
the House of Commons and Ministers of
foreign countries, and withia an hour
after opening the function the rush was
terrific.
Theatrical Staae Mechanics' Convention
DETROIT, Mich., July 13.— Some two
hundred delegates, representing the thea
tars of sixty of the principal cities and
towns of the country, are here to take part
in the second annual convention of the
National Union of Theatrical Stage Me
chanics, which will be in session for a
week. Thirty-nine seperate unions are
represented, and the proceedings promise
to be of unusual interest to trade circles.
IWfotr fever Decimating Spanish Troops
NEW YORK, N. V., July 13— A spe
cial cable dispatch to the Recorder from
Havana says the yellow fever is doing
terrible work in the Spanish army. At
present there are 4500 soldiers in the hos
pitals, and 40 per cent of the cases are
fatal. Cholera also is reported to have
made its appearance.
NEW TO-DAY.
[Always FIRST
! Gail Borden
I Eagle Brand
CONDENSED fULIC
| For 35 years the leading brand. It is the
Best and the most economical.
, A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS
H Hk This
Rpscs^. YCIj UCol
lUUdtw
i , li H^^, lii : |lii; . |^^
Blackwell's Genuine
BULL DURHAM
You will find one coupon inside each S oanca bag and two coupons Inside each 4 ouet bae.
Buy a bac read the coupon and sea now to get toot ahan of |2&0,000 In present*.
Is the light that will brine a" great"!)'*
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndvan is for
man. The great Hudyan ip to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old lamoua Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can «et it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ©
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and. tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. ,
Prematureness means im potency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. ' It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Sena for circulars and testimonials.
fAINTKD BLOOD— Impure blood, due to aeri-
oas private disorders, carries myriads of ■sort-
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spout, uicers in mouth, old sores and
falling nair. You can save a trip to Hoi Springs
by wrltiug for "Blood Boole ' to the old physicians
or she locaiMitoiw—Misni » 1 1 n'wiajl^
HUDSON .MEDICAL INSTITUTK.
Stockton, Market and Kills St>.
- ■' - SAX FRANCISCO. CAL. "
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOB „„„.,
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
%\ Till -Mik ••'JL
BLOCKADE SALE.
THERE ARE OTHERS
■
Who claim to sell cheap, bat we are compelled to
do so, and any one who has ever seen that hl£h
fence at Third and Market streets will readily be-
lieve that we must offer unusual reductions to do
business. Since we inaugurated our Blockade Sale
our store has been crowded. But why ? ■ Sim ply
because we are selling dozens of tine linei below
cost, and every shoe in our store has been reduced
In price. This week we are offering at a sacrifice
an assorted line of Ladies' Fine Oxford Ties.
Some have French stitched heels, others low
heels: seme have razor toes and tips, others
medium broad toes.- and all ■ have • hand- turned
soles, and we offer them for $1 per pair. They are
worth from $2 60 to $5. All sizes on A, B and C,
and small sizes on D and E.
$ : O'-^FJ"'"- Do yon like to dress
Bin wetland wear fine shoes?
# I I Well, hers Is a chance.
Em I I VI No odds or ends, bat regn-
■■•:. ■ •■. lar stock. Ladles' Extra
T£"\* rL.f n Flne Kid Button Boots,
" * Jr''»i "l^/l with French stitched heels,
I i» ji I *»*j razor toes or narrow square
g V- ■A ■ \1 I toes and patent her tips
p Vv^ IA/and hand-turned soles, r*-
fl >• "^v V duced to $2 75. . All sizes,
£?**5 ss! jttV3^ W all widths. Regular price
ifi- ■ /"^sgtfA ~ $5. Same style exactly In
s**5 **N C .^ J^»>^^Kusset Kid, with brown
*JE^__Jiaißii«ie3s- cloth tops, and same price,
A 4 {% P All the yonng girls wish to
\1 #11 wear Lace Shoes. . Here Is a
all 1./.1, chance. Fine Don^olo Kid
I Itßl/l Lace Shoes, with spring
-if • .1W ft heels, greatly', reduced ia
* Sl\ R^^j price, wear guaranteed. r
■ f I* \ ./Child's Sizes, Bto 10%
W $185
«L , » Misses' Sizes, 11 to 1%
IU J FA Fine shoes sold cheap.
VT I kll An assorted line of
_m I 111 Ladies' Button Shoes, In-
UllUUl eluding Patent Leather
~;'*~ . ." and French Kids, with
"«-~^^_ hand-tuined' soles and
I *£ ] French - stitched heels
I 7 m and low heels, pointed
I */ 3 end broad toes, without
/■?/ | tips. . A great drive. Will
/_y 1 be sold for *1 50; every
jT \/ A pair worth $5. You may
■"•'". ~-s^? 1 \ smile at selling a flue
SL\S^*~* J shoe so cheap, but tha
'■i r^*^^^ \*wt sizes are broken up, and
m^*^ »*~*^iwK ;we wish no odd lines la
«h" ■=&■■ *-..giT»<T-y stock. •
%3" Country orders solicited.
tS" Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Addrew ■
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
TO YOSEMITE
Reduced rates to those who join a. select
party to start for Yosemita Valley the latter
part of this week. Inquire . from 3 to 9 p.m.
week days at 333 O'Farreil st. J. is. LOCKE.
COSMOPOTjITAN,
Opposite U. Hi Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., SM
1 ranclsoo.CaL-.XIM most select fatally hoc* 14
the city. Board and room. *l, si Vi aai $1 i J *?*:
cay, according is room. AleaU aia llooau, JJj
and 7 a day. ■ Ifim coach to and tram UiHOMU
Look tor me coacb bean the name ot in* «J<a*
aiopout*u iioitst WiL t'AUJitf .fropniiafcENDEAVORERS GO
OH THE WARPATH,
Armenian Atrocities Are
Discussed in a Vigor-
ous Manner.
THE PRESIDENT SCORED.
Tent Washington's Vast Audi
ence Is Fairly Carried Off
Its Feet.
A FIERY EVANGELIST'S TALK.
His Bitter Denunciation of the Admin
istration Is Drowned in Cheers
of Approval.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— The
great event of the last day's session of the
Christian Endeavor Convention was the
Armenian meeting in Tent Washington.
Arrangements bad been made for a week
past and a vast crowd was in attendance.
One of the principal speakers was Miss
Kirkorian. She appeared in Armenian
costume. Her sad face and pathetic story
of her people's woes moved the great audi
ence to frequent and audible expressions
of sympathy and sorrow. Her father, a
venerable Protestant pastor in Armenia,
has just been released from a Turkish
prison. Two of her brothers are still suf
fering imprisonment, yet she spoke with
remarkable forbearance of her persecutors.
She did not ask for the extermination of
the Turks.
"As Christians," said she, "we believe
in God and his power and promises con
cerning the kingdom of heaven and so we
wait and hope for a religious, harvest
among the Turks. Oh, we don't want
them to die in their sins, but we desire to
see them united with us in the same sal
vation and become possessors of eternal
life."
After her appeal she was again presented
to the audience, while Miss Leitch, her
feliow-worker, wrapped her in the folds of
an American flag and called upon Ameri
cans everywhere to see that the protection
of this Government was extended to her
people. This incident brought cheer after
cheer from the audience.
Evangelist B. Fay Mills took up the ap
peal and in a passionate harangue assailed
the governments of Europe, England and
the United States for their indifference
toward the Armenian slaughter. He de
scribed the brilliancy and cunning of the
Suitan, showing him to be a man of great
ability, and then said:
"I nave no doubt that these massacres
in Armenia were planned and carried out
by the Sultan for his own purpose."
Mr. Mills laid the blame for the atrocities
at the doors of the Christian nations. He
declared that England stood perjured to
day before God and the nations for her
failure to prevent them. He showed also
that responsibility rested upon the Gov
ernment of the United States. She had
more direct cause than England to inter
fere, yet she had scarcely asked for an
apology.
"Nay; her Minister has even warned
the American missionaries to get out of
Turkey, as he should not be able to pro
tect them."
He then explained how the British Em
bassador had extended his protection to
the missionaries so that they were allowed
to continue their work unmolested.
"That was the only reason that they
were not slaughtered," he said. ."Had
our noble President on one of his fishing
excursions wandered into the Turkish do
main and seen so much as a tiny little
bullet from a Turk's play pistol pass
through his sail I take it that Americans
would iiave found it was some of our
business to interfere in Turkish affairs.
[Great applause and laughter.]
"If we as Christian Endeavorers did not
believe in war we might hope that while
the United States Government is spoiling
for war some of the occupants of these
empty buildings around us [laughter]
might unanimously resolve to go to war to
protect the Turk. [Great laughter.]
"I charge the Government of the United
States with misrepresentation of the en
lightened sentiment of the American
people in this matter. The President of
the United States, the Secretary of State
and the American Minister have disre
garded our broken treaties. They have
permitted American lives to be endan
gered; they have permitted American
property to be destroyed without repara
tion, and American citizens to be impris
oned.
"Our Government has stirred the pas
sions of the American people to anger
against England on a thousandth part of
the pretext that would have sufficed for a
destructive war with Turkey. The admin
istration officers have turned a deaf and
almost scornful ear to the entreaties and
representations of some of our best citi
zens, missionaries, churches and moral
societies, and I denounce their conduct as
unpatriotic, uncivil, un-Democratic, un-
Republican, un-American, un-Christian,
selfish, weak, barbaric and criminal in the
eyes of the American people and of God
andall men."
Every word almost of these last sen
tences of Mr. Mills was greeted by loud ]
cheers. Men and women on the platform i
behind him and in the benches before him
rose and shouted their hearty approval of '
the denunciation of President Cleveland.
In the midst of the solemn charge of :
cowardice, distinctly leveled at the chief
executive, the Secretary of State and the
American Minister, the whole audience
arose ■ spontaneously, waving flags and
banners and crying aloud their approval.
As Mr. Mills proceeded they kept on their
feet, repeating the cheer of indorsement
at every adjective. Finally, when his
voice and manner indicated that he had
reached the end of his period, six rousing
cheers of approval were given.
Rev. WyJand Hoyt, who presided, rose
in his seat beside the speaker and called
upon the audience to reaffirm the charge.
Attain came the six cheers with hearty en
thusiasm.
'•I hope the response will echo through
the empty White House and extend to
Buzzards Bay," cried Mr. Mills as he took
his seat.
The board of trustees of the United Soci
eties of Christian Endeavor heid its final
meeting for the year to-day in its room at
the Ebbitt House, and formally wound up
the business of this convention. Resolu
tions were unanimously passed expressing
thanks to the Capital City of Washington
for its welcome to those mainly concerned
in the comfort of the endeavorers. The
trustees were gratified during the morning
by the reception of a signed statement
bearing the names of nearly every State
Union of Christian Endeavor societies,
approving their administration of the
affairs of the society and indorsing their
system of government.
This statement was called forth by an
agitation started in some parts of the
West and continued there for Beveral
years, seeking to effect a change in the
management of the societies. No criticism
has been directed against officers or trus
tees by the agitators. The aim was to
secure a representative form of govern
ment in the society. At present all power
over the affairs of the society is vested in
the board of trustees and its officers and
the board is self-perpetuating. Some of
the Western Endeavorers want to chance
this system so that vacancies in the board
should be filled by election either in the
conventions or by the local unions.
Opposition to this proposed change
found expression to-day in this formal
statement, which bears the signatures of
twenty-eight State union presidents, and
the expression is so emphatic that the
agitation for a change of system is not
likely to be heard from again for some
time.
The statement was based upon a con
ference Detween the trustees and presi
dents of the State and provincial unions.
It recites that the signers are convinced,
"that, generally speaking, the conduct of
the Christian Endeavor affairs has been
wise and in obedience to manifest provi
dential leadings. The movement has been
signally blessed in the self-sacrifice and
devotion of those, who under God, origi
nated and have so faithfully served it as
officers and trustees of the united society."
it declares that the officers and trustees
have not assumed legislative functions or
controlled the Christian Endeavor move
ment, except to direct into channels of
large development and usefulness. While
they have been a conserving influence,
they have been of open mind and willing
spirit, seeking only the best interest of the
cause.
The statement further says the Chris
tian Endeavor is not an institution,
but a movement. The very simplicity of
its organization, its freedom from ma
chinery, combined with high character,
sober judgment and willingness to gain I
light from every rightful source on tne
part of the officers and trustees, have done
much to lift it to its present high position
of influence.
It indorses the recent councils of the
trustees of. the united societies and presi
dent of State and provincial unions as a
wise step in the progress of the move
ment, and recommends that such council
be made a permanent feature in connec
tion with succeeding international con
ventions.
This statement bears the following signa
tures of State presidents, among others
being: Robert T. Caskey. Utah, T. P. Bar
ber, Colorado; A. F. McGregor, Oregon;
Harry O. Scott, Nebraska.
Eight meetings in tents and churches
closed the proceedings of the convention
to-night, in which speeches were made by |
prominent Endeavorers, among others:
Rev. Drs. B. Fay Mills, J. Wilber Chap
man of Philadelphia and J. T. Vance of
Tennessee.
After a brief consecration service at each
meeting the convention adjourned with
out day.
CLAUS SPRECKELS AT OMAHA.
'
He Discusses the Political Situation and
Says McKinley Will Carry
California.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 13.— Claus Spreck
els, the San Francisco sugar king, and
family, passed through Omaha this morn
ing in his private car Corsair, en route to
San Francisco from New York.
"I have been abroad for the last three
months," said Mr. Spreckels, "and, there
fore, know but little of interest. The
people of Europe were much interested in
the American political situation, and took
more interest in the financial problem
here than in our tariff. I have heard that
Bryan has been making great inroads into
California, but I am of the private opinion
that McKinley will get the State. Of
course, there may have been made changes
in the State since I left, but still I believe
that McKinley •will win there."
Mr. Spreckels said tbat he did not know
whether or not an effort would be made
to annex the Hawaiian Islands in the
event of a Republican victory in Novem
ber.
DOWN AN EMBANKMENT.
Wreck of an Excursion Train With fatal
. ; Results.
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 13.— An ex
cursion train on the ' Hazelton branch : of
the Lehigh Valley Railroad, while round
ing a curve this afternoon bet-wen White
Haven and Freeland, struck a cow. The
engine was derailed and thrown down an
i embankment 200 feet high, and the three
passenger coaches were thrown from the
tracKs upon their sides. William H.
Dowd, the engineer, was killed and twenty
people, mostly from this city, injured. .
• Fireman Mooney. jumped out of the cab
window and followed the engine down the
bank, receiving serious if not fatal injuries,
while Engineer Dowd was pinned under
the engine when found. He . was so ter
ribly ; injured and scalded that ho died
soon after being taken, from under : he
wreck. All three of the coaches turned
over on their sides. . The passengers were
thrown over their seats in . all directions
and all suffered more or less injury. .
UNWIELDY ARMOR-PLATES.
Complaints of Kearsarge and Kentucky
Contractors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— At a
meeting of the Board of Construction on
isaturuay to consider the armor of the
warships Kearsarge and Kentucky com
plaints were received from the armor
manufacturer? that the plates are so large
tbat they cannot make a perfect material
with the ingots of which they are made
unless they are constructed about ten tons
less weight, and this will reduce the plates
somewhat. The matter is under considera
tion, and it is probable a report will be
made to the Secretary of the Navy in
favor of such allowance.
MUTSC BITO TO GROVER.
Emperor of Japan's Letter of Thanks to
the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— Recent
diplomatic correspondence of the State
Department contains a translation of a
letter of thanks from Mutsu Bito, the Em
peror of Japan, to President Cleveland on
account of the good offices of the Govern
ment toward Japanese subjects in China,
which, the Emperor says, "not only tend
to mitigate the strvices* and hardships of
war and finally to promote the successful
issue of the negotiations for peace, but
served to draw still closer the bonds of
friendship and good neighborhood which
happily unite our two countries."
Secretary Herbert Coining to the Coast*
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.—Secre
tary Herbert expects to leave Washington
the latter part of this week on an inspec
tion tour of the navy-yards and stations
jf the Pacific Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
CUBANS WRECK A
PASSENGER TRAIN,
Dynamite Used and Many
Persons Are Reported
Killed.
AID SENT TO THE SCENE
Spanish Authorities Strive to
Minimize the Result of
the Affair.
GOMEZ IS USING THE TORCH.
Devastation of the Santa Rosa and
San Antonio Estates, Near
Santa Clara.
HAVANA, Cuba, July 13.-At 8 o'clock
this morning an explosion occurred on the
railway between Cidra and Sabanilla in
the province of Matanzas. A passenger
train that was passing at the time was
badly damaged and it is believed many
persons were killed. A train with physi
cians on board has been dispatched to
attend the wounded and take them to the
hospitals. Details of the affair are hard
to obtain, as the Government is seeking to
minimize its results.
A letter from Santa Clara says Gomez,
the rebel commander-in-chief, was en-
camped on July 9 at Manajanabo, twelve
miles from the city of Santa Clara. His
vanguard of TOG men, under Canizarez and
Cayito Alvarez, burned the houses on the
Santa Rosa estate. Another rebel band
has destroyed the San Antonio estate, close
to Santa Clara.
It was officially reported this evening
that one civil guard was killed and four
wounded by the explosion. Three pas
sengers were badly wounded, while fifteen
passengers and troops received slight in
juries.
RECENT ENCOUNTERS.
Rebels Defeated With Loss of Arms and
Ammunition.
HAVANA, Cuba. July 13.— Colonel Lo
pez Amor reports having had an engage
ment with 600 rebels close to Santa Clara.
These insurgents are the ones who de
stroyed an AntODio estate.
Major Fondeviela reports severe en
counters with insurgent bends along the
coast in the vicinity of Campo Florida,
province of Havana. The insurgents were
i scattered.
Colonel Ocha reports that while recon
noitering on the coast between Boca
Guanabo and Boca Ciego, he captured 12,
000 cartridges and a large supply of drugs
and chemicals. He also captured an ap
paratus to be used for exploding dynamite
bombs. The material had been concealed
bf filibusters who had recently landed.
A hot skirmish occurred on the San
Francisco estate between a rebel force and
I Spanish troops. The insurgents were de
feated and the troops captured a quantity
of arms and war rrunitions that had been
recently landed. The Spaniards sustained
no loesJ Four of the rebels were killed.
NEWS FROM GUATEMALA,
A Small Revolution Which Was
Nipped in the Bud by the
Government
American Merchants Greatly Inter.
cstei in the Coming Central
American Exposition.
GUATEMALA, C. A., June 26.— When
the uprising at Chiquimula broke out,
President Reyna Barrios stated that it was
nothing but a riot, which would be put
down in a day or two. The results have
justified his predictions. Three days after
the first outbreak the revolutionists were
flying toward the Honduran frontier, hav
ing first collected a forced loan from most of
the rich citizens of the district. It is cal
culated they took $25,000 in money and
much more in cattle and merchandise.
They began by proclaiming a central
I junta, composed of Colonel Gonzalez Cuel
lar and a Cuban named La Fuente. Then
most of the authorities were Imprisoned,
the troops under Captain Lone having
been bought over. The convicts were
freed and general robbery was the result.
The Government at Guatemala City was
very active from the first. Three thousand
men were set in motion. The artillery
corps was dispatched to the frontier under
a violent tropical storm and the Minister
of War, Don Prospero Morales, left shortly
| after for Chiquimula. No sooner did the
| rebels hear of this movement than they
evacuated the city, leaving most of their
arms by the roadside.
About twenty have been captured and
are now being tried by court-martial.
Peace has resumed its sway agaiu and
business is as brisk as usual.
Dr. Guzman, president of the Central
American Exposition, is actively pushing
the completion of the main buildings.
An opera company and two comedy
troupes have been contracted for at a cost
of some $200,000.
New York, Chicago and California mer
chants are showing great interest In the
exposition, and numerous requests for
space have come from our manufacturers.
Agricultural and mining machinery will
be specially well represented.
McKinley's nomination for the Presi
dency of the United States has been very
well received throughout Central America.
John R. Chandler.
On a Gold Basis.
COLON, Colombia, July 13.— The Gov
ernment of Costa Rica is issuing a decree
withdrawing its present system of cur
rency and establishing a gold standard.
The new seawall %t Limon, on the east
coast of Costa Rica, ha: been seriously
damaged by the recent storm.
Clericals Have a Majority.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, July 13.— 1t is
calculated that the Clericals in the new
Chamber of Deputies will hare a majority
of seventy as against a majority of fifty
eight in the old Chamber.
An Earthquake in Ontario.
WHITBT, Ontario. July 13.— A shock
of earthquake was felt here at 3:15 this
morning. Hundreds of people were
awakened by the shock, which lasted
about twenty seconds.
Jlfr». Maekay's Father 111.
LONDON. Exo., July 13.— The Post an
nounces this morning that Mrs. John W.
Mackay has been summoned to Rome on
account of the dangerous illness of her
father. "
PREMIER LAURIED'S CABINET.
Official List of the New Ministers mnd
Their Portfolios.
OTTAWA, Okt.. July 13.— Hon. Wil
fred Laurier, the new Liberal Premier, has
practically completed his Cabinet, with
the exception of the Department of the
Interior, which has been left open for a
Western man, probably Hon. Clifford Bit
ton or Joseph Martin of Manitoba.
The following is the official list of the
Cabinet Ministers with their portfolios as
sworn in at the Governor-General's office
this evening:
President of the Privy Council, Hon.
Wilfred Laurier; Trade and Commerce,
Hon. Sir Richard Cartwright; Minister of
Justice, Hon. Sir Oliver Mowat; Minister
of Finance, Hon. W. 8. Fielding;
Minister of Militia, Hon. D. R.
Borden; Minister of Marine and Fisher
ies, Hon. L. H. Davis; Minister of Public
Works, Hon. J. Israel Tarte; Minister of
Railways and Canals, Hon. C. H. Biair;
Minister of Agriculture, Hon. Syd
ney Fisher; Postmaster-General, Hon.
William Patterson; Minister of Inland
Revenue, Sir Henry Joly de Lotbiniere;
Secretary of State. Hon. R. W. Scott;
Solicitor-General, Hon. Charles Fitzpat
rick.
The Dominion Parliament has been
called to meet the 18th of August, for the
dispatch of public business.
POPULAR PRESIDENT DIAZ.
Re- Elected by the Unanimous Tote of
Twenty-Two Thousand Electors.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mex., July 13.—
Porfirio Diaz was unanimously re-elected
yesterday as President for four years more
from December 31 next. There was no op
position, Diaz receiving every vote of the
22,000 electors.
MONTANA CLOUDBURST.
One Man Drowned and Livestock and
Bridges Hicpt Away.
BUTTE, Mont., July 13.— Information
was brought to the city to-day of a dis
astrous cloudburst near Whitehall, last
evening, and untold damage to property.
Frank Lemoin 'was drowned. A large
amount of livestock was carried away »nd
railroad and wapon bridges washed out.
At Sand Creek and Sappington a great
deal of property was destroyed and valua
ble ores washed away. Several small build
ings were wrecked and others submerged,
but no fatalities are reported.
Senator Gray's Opinion.
WILMINGTON, Del., July 13.— Senator
George Gray, who was a delegate to the
Democratic National Convention, and who
did not vote on any of the ballots, was to
day asked his views upon the platform
and the nomination of Bryan for Presi
dent.
"The financial plank of the platform,"
said he, "is contrary to all my beliefs and
to what I consider sound Democracy. I
cannot change those beliefs even at the
bidding of a Democratic National Con
vention. Convictions cannot be compro
mised. The Deleware Democracy is dis
tinct from the National Democracy, but it
is too early as yet to say what its course
will be. The Democracy in this State has
always had, and is likely to continue to
have, strong sympathy with that of New
York, New Jersey and Maryland."
Arms for a Revolution.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 13.— 1t de
veloped to-night that General John Drum
mond, who was here ostensibly for the
purpose of buying machinery for his silver
mines in Honduras, bought 115,000 rounds
of cartridges and $15,000 worth of powder
from the Kings Mill people and 600,000
rounds, besides other munitions of war,
from the Winchester Manufacturing Com
pany oi Xew York. General -Drummoiid
is the *Trhan who led the revolutionary
forces against Honduras a short time ago,
and he is supposed to be planning another
revolution.
A Brash Wager Withdrawn.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 13.— A Stock
Exchange firm was authorized by a client
to-day to wacer $10,000 even that nine
States could not be named that would be
carried by McKinley. After $500 of the
bet was taken the balance cf the money
was withdrawn. The offer was also wired
to Boston and a banking firm there in
structed its New York correspondents to
take half tne bet, but they were unable to
place the money.
The Standard Suspends.
BOSTON, MAfes., July 13.— The Daily
Standard, the organ of the A. P. A., has
suspended publication and is in the hands
of Edward S. Crockett and Benton H. de
Wolf, assignees. Each of the paper's 103
employes has a considerable claim for
unpaid salary. Mr. de Wolf, who tias been
the cashier, is quoted as saying that pub
lication will not be resumed. The Standard
was a morning paper, and received the
report of ihe Chicago Associated Press.
T ■ . ■ ♦
"Long and Short" Men Captured.
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— The "long
and short" men, perpetrators of the re
cent series of holdups, have been arrested.
The short man has confessed. He is a son
of William Glendennin^, formerly a
banker of Montreal. The long man is
"Red Collins."
People's Savings Bank Suspends.
LANSING, Mich., July 13. — The
People's Savings Bank did not open its
doors this morn in;;. The failure was due
to the impossibility of realizing on assets.
There was very little excitement.
Train-Robber Ely Caught.
OTTUMWA, lowa, July 13.— Ed Ely,
the train-robber, has been caught at Law
son, Mo. On February 21, 1895, in com
pany with Frank Bateman, he held up a
train near here and secured $35,000. Bate
man has been sentenced to the peniten
tiary for five years.
Goelet Dangerously 111.
COWES, Eng., July 13.— Ogden Goelet
of New York is lying dangerously ill on
hoard the yacht White Ladye, which is
anchored in Cowes harbor.
Below the Danger Mark.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.-The
gold withdrawals to-day amounted to
$657,300, leaving the reserve at the close of
business at $98,420,635.
Edward Otis Hinfcley Dead.
BALTIMORE, Mr, July 13— Edward
Otis Hinkley. the well-known lawyer of
this city, died to-day.
fire Near Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF, Cal., July 13.— An unoc
cupied dwelling, belonging to General is.
P. Chipman. situated about three milej
east of Red Bluff, was burned at 3 o'clock
this morning. This house was erected for
a California home by Hon. D. M. Kelly,
who was at the head of one of the strong
est law firms in Boston, about four years
ago, at a cost of nearly $10,000 and re
cently passed into General Chlpaau's
hands. It was insured for $3000.
Cottonwood Depot Burned.
I) KED BLUFF, Cal., July 13.— The South
ern Pacific f Company's « depot at Cotton
wood, Shasta County, sixteen miles north
of Red Bluff, was ■ burned to the ground at
3:15 o'clock this morning. The fire was
not discovered until seen by the brakeman
on the southbound freight, at which time
the building and two freightcars were al
most entirely destroyed. No property was
• saved except the t cash box; ; which was re
covered by the agent with great difficulty.
k
SANTA BARBARA'S
WEDDING ROMANCE
Rancher Carrington Finds
a Daughter Mourned
as Dead.
REUNITED AT A FEAST.
Recognizes the Happy Bride as
the Child He Believed Lost
at Sea.
STRANGE STORY OF A WRECK.
Two Survivors of the Dana Landon
Disaster Meet After Many
Years.
PORTLAND, Or., July 13. —To meet
one's father, long mourned as dead, on
one's wedding-day — that is the joyful ex
perience of which Mrs. Edwin F. Burr of
this city is telling bar friends. To find a
daughter whose body he had believed was
resting among the coral reefs at the bot
tom of the Pacific Ocean, that is what has
filled Abner L. Carrington's cup of thanks
giving to overflowing. And Santa Bar
bara, that quaint, romantic town in South
ern California, is the scene in whicri this
"truth that surpasseth fiction" was given
life.
Early in the present year Miss Emeline
Whitmore, who until six months ago lived
with Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Whitmore, her
foster parents, in southeast Portland, being
invalided from rheumatism, visited some
wealthy English friends in Santa Barbara,
where a few months later the history
of her early life was opened before her.
Before leaving here the young woman was
engaged to marry Edwin F. Burr, a well
to-do business man of Deer Lodge, Mont.,
and the two were united in marriage on
the 4th of July in Santa Barbara. The
romance of Mrs. Burr's early life, perhaps,
never would have been disclosed but for
this wedding.
A few days ago Mrs. Burr wrote to her
"dearest chum 1 ' here of schoolgirl days,
stating that on her wedding day she had
found her real father, whom she had al
ways mourned as dead. Among the guests
at the wedding was Abner L. Carrington,
an old gentleman who has made a great
fortune in Southern California fruit lands.
"This elderly gentleman," writes Mrs.
Burr, "made me feel inexpressibly uncom
fortable for the matter of an hour after I
had become a wile. You remember the
lobes of my ears each had the appearance
of having had a small piece cut out with a
sharp pair of pincers. This trifling oddity
amazingly interested Mr. Carrington, and
I considered him exceedingly ill-mannered
when he made inquiries of me regarding
my ears. Later in the evening he asked a
number of questions of Mrs. Whitmore,
and before midnight Mr. Carrington iden
tified me as <his daughter, whom he be
lieved to be dead and at the bottom of the
South Pacific Ocean."
Mrs. Burr continued that in 1872, wnen
she was 3 years old, her parents, herself
and two elder sisters left Sydney in the
| American bark Dana London for San
i Francisco. Three days out from port the
I vessel foundered, and nearly all hands
were lost. The story of the disaster and
the events following it was related to her
for the first time on her wedding night.
Her fat'ier succeeded in saving himself,
and up to the night of July 4 he believed
that every member of his family went
down with the Dana Loudon. After drift-
ing about on a spar in mid-ocean for twelve
hours he was picked up by an Australia
bound steamer, which returned to Sydney.
He continued his trip on the next outgo
ing steamer, as the Antipodes had nothing
but sad memories for him.
•'That night my strangely recovered
father told me," continued Mrs. Burr,
"that he was first attracted to me by my
face, which was identically the same as
my mother's at my age. Then he was
startled by my earlobes, which were birth
marks.
"But what convinced him that I was
his child beyond all doubt was that he de
scribed three other birthmarks on my
person to Mrs. W hi; more, which even she
knew nothing of, although I had been
living with her fourteen years. My father
stated that my name was Eleanor Bertha
Carrington, and that my mother had
initialed all my little clothing 'E. B. U.
before leaving home. That seemingly un
important statement positively removed
every doubt as to my being his daughter.
Mrs. Whitmore stated that the woman
who had placed me in her keeping also
gave her a little chemisette that I wore
when rescued from drowninc, bearing the
initials 'E. B. C worked in worsted and
which she still retained."
On this occasion, though*, Mrs. WhiJ
more supplied the missing chapter of the
romance. A passenger aboard the ill-fated
bark whose name is unknown to Mrs.
Whitmore, saved the child and they were
rescued by a British vessel San Francisco
bound. On the passage the man died, and
Mrs. Emeline Cartwright, a Caiifornian,
who had taken an ocean trip for her health,
adopted the waif, giving her her own name.
Mrs. Cartwright begged them to care for
the South Pacific waif. Among the other
things Mrs. Cartwright gave them of the
child's belongings was that chemisette,
the last link positively establishing the
identity of Eleanor Bertha Carrington.
ON THE HALL FIELD.
Senators and Browns Put Up a Great
Game at St. Louis.
ST. LOUI3, Mo., July 13— With the score tied
in the seventh Inning to-day, both the Senators
and the Browns worked every art known to
baseball till the last half of the twelfth tuning
to get the winning run, when Meiers scored on
Murphy's only hit of the game, poth pitchers
were effective at critical points and sharp
fieiiling ruled. Score: St. Louis— s, 11, 1;
Washingtons— 4, 9, 2. Batteries— Hart and
Murphy, McJames and McGuire. Umpire —
Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— The Colts had
rather an easy thing with the Phillies to-day,
although ♦he score was close. The feature was
the wonderful batting of Delehanty. Out of
five times at bat, he made a single and four
home runs. His batting scored six runs. Score:
Chicagos— 9, 11. 2; Philadelphia*— S, 9, 1.
Batteries— Terry and Donahue, Garvin and
Clements. Umpire— Etoslie.
CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 13.— The locals
found Kennedy's curves just to their liking
to-day and pounded out six runs before he was
relieved by Payne in the fifth. Fisher was
very effective with men on buses and received
brilliant support. Stnitn'g fielding at short
Rnd Burkes nnieiy butting were the features.
Score: Cincinnatis— 7, 11, 1; Brooklyns— s,
13, O. Batteries— Fisher and Gray, Kennedy
and Grim. Umpire — Sheridan.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 13.— 8y proceeding
with to-day's game ofter being served with in
junction paperß Manager Irwin will, in all
probability, be hauled up for contempt ol court
Tuesday. * Umpire Hurst, alter being also
served "with a restraining order, did not tell
Tebeau that he wus ineligible to play despite
President Young's message to do so. With one
Spider out in the last naif of the sixth inning
llurat called the game on account of rain,
which did not cease, and the game reverted to
the fifth inning. Score: Cleveland?— 2, 5, O;
New Yorks— s, 8, 1. Batteries— Cuppy and
Zimmer. Sullivan and Wilson. Game called
on account of rain. Umpire— Hurst.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 13.— Frazar went
into the air in the eighth Inning and his error,
two bases on balls and three nits gave the
champions five runs and the game. Miller
was hit in the eye in the first inning and was
badly hurt. Score: Louisvilles— s, 7, 6: Balti
mores—l2, 14, 1. Batteries— Fraser and
Kinslow. Hemming and Clark. Umpire— lle-
Farland. r
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 13.— Boston won from
Pittsburg by scoring four runs in the eighth
inning, Duffy clearing the bases with a two
bugger to left, scoring himself later ou Bergen's
single. Stenzel had to retire in the third
inring. Attendance 1800. Score: Pittsburgs —
G, 8. 1; Bostons— B, 11, 4. Batteries— KUlen
and Sugden, Sullivan and Bergen. Umpire—
THE EASTERS SURF
Winner* of Races at St. Louis and
Latonia.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 13.— Summaries:
Five furlongs, Silver Set won, Bob Clancy
second, Mattie Belle third. Time, 1:03%.
Six furlongs, Tea Set won, Ferris Hartman
s econd, Damocles third. Time, 1:033£.
Five furlongs, Cremona Briggs won, Bill
Dawdy second, Gold Top third. Time, 1 :03.
One mile and twenty yards. Jack Bradley
won, Tower Street second, imp. Thome third.
Time, 1:43^.
Six furlongs, Don Fulano won, Hessen sec
ond, Roundeley third. iTime, 1:16.
- LATONIA, Ky., July 13.— Summaries :
One mile,', Little Waiter won. Morte Fonso
second, Elsket third. • Time, 1 'Al%.
■> Six furlongs, Limanda won, Klmrod second,
Miss Emma third. Time, 1:18?£t ~ >
. Five and a hall furlongs, Hamza won, Ro
bair second, Alvin VV third. Time 1:11%. •
One mile and twenty yards, Hermes won,
Black Silk second, ■ Martin third. Time,
1:47%. ' ■, - - ; ■• ". ' ; ■ ' - ; . ; -■ :
•. Seven furlongs, Irish Lady won. Allegra
second, Mattie Lee third. * Time, 1:30%. : '
Five furlongs, Song Bird won, SalseUe sec
ond, Oversight third. Time, 1 :05.
BALD'S BRILLIANT SPURT.
me iiufiain Wheelman nuns Away jerom
Tom Cooper.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich.. July 13.— The
particular feature of to-day's National
circuit bicycle racing meeting was the
coming together of Eddie Bald and Tom
Cooper. Cooper was badly beaten by
Bald. Bald and Cooper rode well in the
bunch and until the stretch was reached,
when both sprinted. Bald passed Cooper
like a shot and won by four open lengths.
Bliss was third. The attendance was
nearly 10,000. Summaries:
Half mile, open, professionals — E. C. Bald,
Buffalo, won; Tom Cooper, Detroit, second;
J. P. Bliss, third. Time, 1 :04.
One mile, open, amateur— Harry B. Marsh,
Dowagiac, won; John Wilder, Battle Creek,
second; Glenn P. Thaye.r, Grand Rapids, third.
Time, 2:18 1-5.
Two-milu handicnp, professional — A. C. Mer
tens, Minneapolis (80 yards), won; Con Baker,
Columbus, Ohio (100). second; A. D. Kennedy
(100), third; Harry Clark, Denver (120),
fourth. Time, 4:35 4-5.
STANBURY IS CHAMPION.
The Australian tfins a Great Race on
' ■ the Thames.
LONDON, Eng., July 13.— The sculling
race for the championship of the world
and the Sportsman's Challenge Cup, valued
at £700, and a stake of £1000, between
Charles R. (Wag) Harding of London and
James Stanbury of T Victoria, Australia,
was rowed over the Thames course of four
miles and 300 yards, from Putney to Mort
lake,tto-day. Stanbury won. .
Won by the Meteor*
ROTHSAY, Firth on-Clyde, July 13.—
The yachts Meteor, Ailsa, Britannia,
Satan ita and Caress started to-day in a
race open to all yachts exceeding forty
rating, under the auspices of the Royal
Northern Yacht Club. The course was
fifty miles. The race was won by the
Meteor; the Ailsa was second and the
Britannia third.
In the race for the twenty-raters the
Penitent beat the Saint and the Niagara,
tiie latter finishing ia<t.
. .: r* — :— •:
Western Association's Off tear.
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— A special from
Quincy, 111., says; "Although the truth
is carefully kept from the public the fact
is that several clubs composing the West
ern Association have agreed through the
mails to quit within the next week or so.
They declare this to be an off year. The
managers will deny this report at tliis
time, as they are desirous of selling their
best men before letting go."
WRIGHT STATION SUICIDE
Ramano da Col of San Fran
cisco Ends His Life With
. a Bullet
Leaves a Letter Declaring That
Domestic Troubles Caused the
Tragedy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 13.— A man who
left a letter signed "llamano da Col" and
who is supposed to have come from San
Francisco, committed suicide at Wrights
station yesterday by shooting himself in
the head. The letter was written in
Italian and was addressed "To my rela
tives." It stated that he would shoot him
self in the head on account of troubles in
his family. The letter was in an envelope
addressed to Mrs. Quinera da Col, 10
Biake street, San Francisco. Another
letter was addressed to L. Cuneo, 2433
Howard street, San Francisco.
The body was found on a trail in the
brush a short distance above the hotel at
Wrights station. Da Col had removed all
his outer clothing and rolling it up neatly
in a piece oi paper, used the bundle for a
Eillow. The pistol was fonnd in his left
and. He had placed the end of the
barrel in his mouth and the bullet came
out of the top of his head. Death was in
stantaneous, there being no evidence of a
smuggle. Upon the body was found $10.
The body will be held at Los Gatos
awaiting orders from the relatives in San
Francisco.
BE ATEN BY FOOTPADS.
Brewer Warska of Han Francisco Saves
His Gold by Telling.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 13.— John War
ska, a San Francisco brewer, while carous
ing around town last night, became ac
quainted with a couple of strangers, and
in the attempt of the men to rob him he
received a severe beating. The men had
several drinks logether, and as Warska
displayed a quantity of goid the strangers
steered him into an alley back of the Au
zerais House and tried to rob him. They
beat Warska about the head and face in
an effort to render him unconscious, but
he screamed so loudly that the footpads
became frightened and ran away without
getting his money.
FRENCHMEN CELEBRATES
Anniversary of the Bastile's fall Ob
served in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 13.— The celebra
tion of tne fall of the Bastile commenced
in this city this evening. There was a dis
play of fireworks at Bicycle Park, followed
by a ball in the Carnival Pavilion. Both
events were largely attended. To-morrow
there will be au all-day celebration, includ
ing patriotic exercises, athletic sports and
dancing.
Will He Ordained a Priest.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 13.— Holy orders
will be conferred upon Paschal Bellefroid,
S.J., on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
mornings at St. Claire's Church, Santa
Clara, by Archbishop Riordan. He is to
be made a aubdeacon on Wednesday, a
deacon or. Thursday and on Friday he will
be ordained a priest endowed with full
power. For several years Mr. Belief roid
was attached to Santa Clara College as a
teacher and prefect. He has just finished
a course of dogmatic and moral 'theology
at St. Ignatius College, San Francisco. .
.v i ~l ; r : i ' 'i •! ':Z—^ -* — :^ '. ■ ■■;
NAPA COUNTERFEITER'S APPEAL,
Rancher Silvester's Case Carried to th*
Supreme Court.
NAPA, Cal., July 13.— A. J. Silvester,
the Shasta County rancher and politician,
who was recently sued and convicted In
the United States District Court for mak
ing and passing counterfeit money and
sentenced by Judge Morrow on June 1 to
imprisonment in Folscm for ten years
and to pay a fine of $1000, has perfected an
appeal to the Supreme Court of the Unite Q«
States and been released on bail. O u
Wednesday last he applied for oail before
Judge Morrow and offered to pledge
$25,000 as security for his appearance, but
this was denied. His attorney, George E.
Colwell of Napa, went to Paso Ro Dies Hot
Springs to see Justice Field of the United
States Supreme Court, who was spending
his vacation at that place. From Justice
Field he procured a writ of supersedeas
with bail fixed at $5000, which will be im
mediately given. In the meantime United
States Marshal Baldwin had removed Sil
vester to Folsom.
The point on which the appeal is made
in this case is a novel one. There were
four counts in the indictment. The jury
convicted on the first three counts but dis
agreed on the fourth. The point on which,
the defendant's attorney relies is that the
verdict was incomplete.
PUGET SOUND FREAK.
Yachtsmen See a White Porpoise Dis-
porting in the Water.
TACOMA, Wash., July 13. — Another
marine freak has been discovered in Puget
Sound. This time it is a white porpoise.
While cruising in his yacUt Kewatis on
Sunday afternoon with Charles Stewart
of the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany, Commodore B. C. Kenway saw the
frenk near the entrance to Quartermaster
harbor. The sides of the porpoise were
milk white, and a portion of the back was
jet black and glistened in the sun. The
porpoise was in company with two others,
the latter of the reguiation black kind.
JCenway tried to run close to the three,
but they made away. Kenway proposes
to try to capture the white porpoise.
i'ufftit Sound Lumber Trad*.
TACOMA, Wash., July 13.— The Dod
weli-Carlilles Company, general agents in
the Orient for the Northern Pacific Steam
ship Company and the largest shipping
merchants in Eastern Asia, have entered
the lumber business, shipping from Ta
coma to China and Japan. Their first
charter, the Norwegian bark India, ar
rived yesterday from Shanghai in ballast
to load for the same port. A bip demand
for lumber in China and Japan, caused by
improvements, the indirect result of the
war, is the cause of the new venture. A
big fleet will carry lumber to the Orient
from here this year.
Santa Monica Suicide.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., July 13.—Sam
uel Henzel, inmate of the Soldiers' Home,
committed suicide yesterday. His body
was found behind a haystack in a stubble
field near the Southern Pacific track this
morning. An empty bottle lying beside
it had evidently contained strychnine.
KT.VT TO-DAT.
How to Make
Your Life Happy
Regain the Vigor' and • Energy of Man-
' hood—Make Tour Nerves Strong,
. Your Eye Bright and Your Heart
Joyous With Dr. Sandra's Electric
Belt.
A
*T — N p^a^
- You feel that . the world is : growing
brighter around you when your L nerves
tin trie and blaze with animal magnetism.;
- Get back what you have lost. • Be a manj
again. Look your friends in the face, and!
know that you are ashamed of your.
condition. , " '. < :; !
No man need be weak. In nature theror
is vitality for every, man, and if you ; wilB
use Dr. Sanden's : Electric Belt you will
get it. •■;;■.'." -,•■. :,./- 1 »; •' ., ; ■'- ; .-, ;■;-. ■.
; v . "I would like to add my testimony to the*
numerous others in possession of Dr.. San-
den's Electric Belt Co. - I-■ purchased a
strong-power Belt * from Dr. Sanden < about
the Ist of April, which I used according to
directions, and after three months I am
happy to state that my varicocele, • which,
was of twelve years' standing, is almost
entirely disappeared, my testicles being
almost normal. I take great pleasure in
recommending the Belt to any one suffer-
ing from varicocele." W. E. JOHNS, 1139
Market street; San Francisco. . .' 
Imagine the gratitude of the man'whoso
memory, quickness of thought, arid sharp
understanding . has '. been restored. The ;
world is brighter to him. . 
"I bought your Beit three weeks ago for
kidney and bladder trouble. I had pre-
vious to that time been laid up in I bed for
five weeks. L My ' trouble came on me last
March, and on many occasions I was so bad
that I was confined to my bed. The third
time I put your Belt on I found relief, and
have kept improving ever since. I will take
ereat " pleasure •in .* recommending your
Belt.". W. T. MEYERS, 135 East Twenty-
fourth street, 1 Los Angeles, Cal. •
You may be a strong man in muscular
power. You may. look healthy, but you
know that all men are riot, as ; : strong as
I they look. You may be weak in vital force.
You may need the tonic building up which
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt gives. It will
not fail you. . . ■." ; ; ,".,■. .
Dr. Sanden's Belt, sending a , strong,
even * current of electricity through the '
whole body, saturates air the weak parts
with its ■ life, develops • and .; expands * the
! vital energies, and makes manhood com-
plete. :It checks >, all -"waste of : power ' in-
from ten to twenty days. '■ ' / • ?•■ '
& Dr. Sanden's celebrated ■ worK, "Three.
; Classes '■ of > Men," ,f will * be sent, closely
sealed, free upon application. It gives
full information and price-list.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
- 030 Market Street, San Francisco,'
Opposite Palace Hotel. -, Office hours; a a. K. M
8:30 r. u.\ Sundays, 10 to 1. - . ■
- ■-•• ■ Consultation Free aad Invited. '"•'
: - .:- -J3>. OFFICES AT: V '
IXSS ANGELES. CAL., I . ' PORTLAND, OR-
-IIU* south Broadway. 1 253 ~WMfcin«ioa untt,
34
WHITHER GIRLS
CRUELLY FLOGGED,
Cat-o'-Nine-Tails Used by
the Reform School
Attaches.
LASHES ON BARE FLESH.
Brutal Punishment Said to Have
Been Meted for Trivial
Offenses.
MRS. MITCHELL'S ACCUSATIONS.
Charges of Mismanagement Seemingly
Borne Out by a Partial
Investigation.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 13.— The in
vestigation into the conduct of the Whit
tier Reform School, begun 'by order of
Governor Budd, at the request of Mre.
John W T . Mitchell, one of the trustees, is
not completed. So far only the girls'
school has been looked into, and the
prevalence of a most brutal form or flog
ging has been disclosed.
It is alleged that at one time last sum
mer one of tbe attaches re
moved the clothing of a 17-year-old girl
and beat her with an overshoe because of
some trivial offense. The usual method
of flogging is to make the girls strip, and
then with a leather "cat," such as was
formerly used in the navy, from ten to
fifty lashes are given on the bare flesh.
The thongs are dipped in water to make
them Bting more.
The charges against the management
include a waste of money in permitting
the superintendent to purchase larce
amounts of supplies and clothing in the
open market. Enough has been shown,
it is declared, to indicate tbe need of a
change in the administration of tbe school.
The board of trustees of the Whittier
Reform School did not meet to-day, as
had been expected. Copies of the testi
mony in the recent charges were delivered
to each member. Just who will pass on
the charges cannot De stated. Mrs.
Mitchell believes it vrill be Governor
Budd, while others say the board will vote
on the matter. The board will not meet
until Professor Keyes, the new member,
returns from the north.
DECLARES THE NOTE INVALID.
Mrs. Louise Jones Repudiates a $10,000
Debt to a Former Servant.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 13.— 01 d
Mrs. Louise Joues has just learned, so she
claims, that her name is unlawfully at
tached to a $10,000 note in favor of Mary
Edna Osborne. her former housemaid.
Mrs. Jones has brought suit to have the
note declared void.
The case presents some very unusual
features. It is not claimed that the note
is a forgery, but that it was obtained in a
fraudulent manner, Mrs. Jones cannot tell
when or how. The note reads:
September 26, 1895— if 10,000. On demand I
promise :o pay Mary Edna Osborne or order
ten thousand dollars, value received, with in
terest at 5 per cent.
(Signed) M. Loriss Jones.
The note is indorsed by Mary Edna Os
borne to John C. Bewley.
The defendant is a young woman of
commonplace appearance and wears
glasses. Mrs. Jones told how she em
ployed Miss Osborne as a sort of nurse
maid and agreed to give her $30 a month
as wages. She remained in the family for
several months and was very well liked
until the note materialized. With refer
ence to the note Mrs. Jones said she had
no recollections of ever having signed
such an instrument. There was no reason
why she ahonld sign one. Mary Edna had
no claim on her beyond the wages that
sue had earned and every month the
amount agreed upon was paid to her.
LEGAL FIGHT FOR AN ISLAND
The Lovely Sovereign of Whalers to Be
Deprived of Bis Kxngaom.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., July 13. — An
original and unique proceeding was insti
tuted here to-day in the United States
courts by Federal Attorney Dennis to dis
possess Antone J. Silva, who has for a long
time held peaceable possession of Whalers
Island, off the San Luis Obispo coast.
Silva, who is a lone fisherman, has been
warned -time and again by the Federal
authorities to quit the island, but has
steadfastly refused to do so. Siiva claims
the island by right of squatter sovereignty.
The island is wanted by the Government
as a site on which to construct a light
house, and the plan is to remove the island
king before beginning the work. The com
plaint sets forth that Silva has unlawful
possession of this bit of Uncle Sam's
domain. Jast what Kind of a defense
Silva will make is problematical. He will
be served with a summons in the action
to-morrow. Damages in the sum of $.500
and the costs of the suit, besides the resti
tution of the island, is asked by the
United States.
♦
QUEER DUEL AT ASAHEIM
The Challenging Principal Fights With
an Empty Revolver.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 13.-A shoot
ing affray yesterday afternoon in the west
ern part of Anaheim resulted in the
wounding of Francisco Ruis by Santos
Carisosa. The men have long been ene
mies. Rnis went to the dwelling of Cari
sosa yesterday and called him out, daring
him to mortal combat. Carisosa accepted
the challenge. Simultaneously they drew
their weapons and began farine. One of
the five shots from Carisosa's pistol pene
trated the fleshy part of Ruis' left thigh,
inflicting a wound that may prove serious.
Both were arrested by Constable Groat
and Marshal Stedm&n, but as Ruis was
clearly the aggressor Carisosa was re
leased on his own recognizance. The
strangest part of the affair is that it was
found that Ruis' pistol had not been
loaded, and he was pulling the trigger in
vain when he attempted to slay Oarisosa.
Broiled by Old Sol.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., July 13.-owing
largely to the humidity of the atmosphere
and the absence of sea breezes this has
been one of tbe most oppressive days ever
experienced nere. The sun rose in an un
clouded sly and there was not a breath of
air stirring". Tne mercury began its gentle
ascent at sunrise and marked 75 deg. at 7
a. m., 8o deg. at 10 o'clock and 98 deg. at
12 m. For three hours this afternoon busi
ness was almost at a standstill owing to
tbe heat.
Was Fatally Burned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 13.— Little
Roy Hazel, the only son of Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Ha*el of 529"West Seventh street,
died at 9:30 o'clock this morning from the
effects of burn* receive! yesterday by
coming in contact with a gasoline lamp.
The father and mother are heartbroken
over the loss of their only child.
SANTA BARBARA'S MYSTERY.
Unavailing Efforts to Identify the Bloody
Clothing Found Near the Rich
ardson Villa.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 13.—
Every effort has been made to-day to
identify the bloody shirt found yesterday
in a pasture near the Richardson place,
but so far without avail. The measure
ments of the shirt and overalls correspond
exactly to those of Cyrus Barnard's gar
ments ; but his step-mother insists that he
never wore any of that pattern.
. The discovery of a large water trough
within thirty feet of the place where these
garments were found explains , the mur
derer's . choice ol a retreat and hiding
place r for the discarded garments. He
could easily have taken a bath there and
removed every blood-stain from his person
before seeking his home.
Mrs. Ayala, who lives in Montecito, con
tributes the tardy testimony that she rec
ognized Barnard standing in the road
above the Richardson place at 9 o'clock on
the night Mr?. Richardson and her daugh
ter were slain. A witness swears to have
seen him on Figueroa street in Santa Bar
j bara at 8:30 o'clock. He could not have
I been at both these places at the hours
named and haye covered the distance be
tween by walking. Will a witness come
forward and testify that he gave him a
"lift" on the way?
Mr. Peterson to-day commenced tearing
down the little house in which Barnard
and his stepson dwelt, and where he met
his death. It is useless to preserve it, as
no one would accept it for a chicken roost.
Yet it is a trim little cabin, neat in appear
ance and conveniently fitted up fora
bachelor's modest dwelling.
No word has come of the mysterious
stranger whose tracks were followed over
the Romero trail to the Santa Ynez River
on Monday morning, and then doubled up
and down the river in such an unaccount
able way.
■ ■ ■ ♦
DEATH AT SACRAMENTO.
Attorney Tan Fleet Succun bs to Injuries
Received While Sleep- Walking.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 13. — At
torney Frank T. Vim Fleet died this after
noon from injuries received by falling
from an upper window of his residence in
this city at an early hour last Saturday
morning while he was walking in his
sleep.
Van Fleet was a young attorney, highly
respected in this city, rie was born in
Monclova, Ohio, in 185 S. and was educated
in the high school in Toledo. He was
married and admitted to the bas in his
native State, and in 1892 came to Sacra
mento, becoming a partner of A. C. Hink
son, one oi the present Judges of the Su
perior Court of this county.
Van Fleet was a brother of Supreme
Justice W. C. Van Fleet, who had been
constantly with him since the accident.
He is survived by a widow and three
children.
NORTHERS PACIFIC AFFAIRS.
Judge Hanford Accepts the Resignation
of the Old Receivers.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 13.— The resig
nations of Oakes, Rouse and Payne, consti
tuting the old receivership of tbe Northern
Pacific Railroad, which has been "hung
up" by the court since last October, were
to-day accepted by Federal Judge Hanford
and their sureties released. The action
was taken by the filing of a stipulation
signed by Silas W. Petitt, general counsel
of tbe company, and Turner, McClure and
Ralston, the attorneys for the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company, setting forth
that the old receivers had turned over all
moneys and made satisfactory settlements
of accounts.
Judge Hanford also gave the Northern
Pacific a judgment against the Seattle,
i Lake Shore and Eastern Railroad for
! $1,258,690 S3.
Franer Vnlley Floods.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 13.— High
water is still doing serious damage in the
Fraser Valley. The tides are making
great inroads on Maria and Seabird
islands. At Nicomen Island a number of
settlers have become so discouraged that
they have removed to other localities. Ou
the highroads at Matsqui cattle belonging
to those who have had their low-lying
ranches inundated are roaming. On" the
Mission-Sumas branch of tbe Canadian Pa
cific Railway the transferring of pas
sengers, baggage and express is done on
Mat?qui Prairie, where for a distance of
two miles the water is almost six inches
hipher than the roa.ibed. The transfer is
made in boats. The water is subsiding
very slowly.
Gains Citizenship at Titalia.
VISALIA, Cal., July 13.— Maria Mailer
was to-day admitted to citizenship of the
United States by Judge W. W. Cross, upon
the recommendation of Lorenzo Menne
and Patrick Agan. On March 9, 1887, her
husband, Joseph Muller, filed his declara
tion of intention of becoming a citizen of
I the United States, but he died on March
j 26, 1894, before he was naturalized. Upon
I this ground and under the laws of the
i United States enacted in 1802 and 1804,
| Judge Cross allowed Maria Muller to be
j come a citizen of the United States with
j out being required to follow the usual
course.
Spokane Railway Sale.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 13.— The Wash
ington and Idaho Railway, extending
j from this city to Coeur d'Alene, a distance
j of 156 miles, waa sold under foreclosure at
I Tekoa, Wash., to-day to the reorganization
I committee of the Oregon Railway and
; Navigation Company for $1,615,740. This
I completes the purchase of all branch lines
j of the Oregon, and the plans of roorgan-
I ization will now be rapidly completed and
i the receiver discharged.
Suicide at Tres Finos.
HOLLISTER, Cal., July 13.— After in
flicting eleven knife-wounds over his heart
without killing himself, Thomas McGowan
cut his throat at tbe Southern Pacific Ho
tel in Tres Pinos last night. He had been
intoxicated and is supposed ts have com
mitted the act while delirious. He was a
saloon-keeper.
Madera Pastor Xear to Death.
MADERA, Cal., July 13. -Rev. James
F. Logan, pastor of the First Christian
Church of Madera and lately of Stockton,
was stricken by apoplexy this afternoon.
His condition up to a late hour"to-nlght
was considered dangerous.
.-■ *t — . » . . , -
Forest Fires on the Cascades.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 13.— Forest fires
are raging in the Cascade Mountains for
miles on either side of the Northern Pacific
Railroad. Great damage ha& been done to
timber, and at times the flames threatened
trains passing over the mountains.
» .
Fretnr, Woman Burned to Death.
FRESJfO, Cal., July 13.— Mrs. H. B.
Choice was fatally burned at her home in
this city this evening. She upset a kero
sene lamp, and an explosion followed.
A Maine Rat Story.
Tuesday afternoon, when Fred Sweet- I
land came home, he found his Bon"s wife
sitting on the doorstep mourning the loss
: of ten little chickens which she believed
to have been carried off by a rat. When
her husband came home he found the
rat s hole in the yard, dug Into it a piece,
and then fired into it with a revolver.
Lpon opening the hole he found he had
blown a big rat to pieces. He also found
several oi the chickens dead with their
heads eaten off by the rat and three of the
chickens alive. They were removed and
cared for, and Friday they were just as
lively as crickets, and feeding just as
though they had not been bereaved of
seven brothers and sisters.— Rock land
(Maine) Star.
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
FAIRCHILD TALKS
GOLD AT SPOKANE
The Former Secretary of
the Treasury Not a
Bimetallism
HIS PARTY IN ERROB.
Free Coinage, He Says, Would
Not Increase the Circulat
ing Medium.
TKUE FUNCTIONS OF MONEY.
Used Only in Small Dealings and
Confidence Brings It From
Hiding-Places.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 13.— Hon.
Charles 8. Fairchild, Secretary of the
Treasury under Cleveland daring his first
administration, was seen by a Call corre
spondent here to-day. When asked for
his views on the financial situation and
the planks in the two platforms he said :
"1 differ from the view of your people
in the West. Ido not believe in free sil
ver. lam not even an international bi
xnetaliist."
"You are a straight gold man, then?"
"No, I can't put it that way, either.
There is a misapprehension on the part of
the people of the true functions of money.
They seem to believe that the Government
can regulate the whole matter, while this
is not the case. Great parties are resolv
ing for this or that, and they might just
as weii resolve at what time there would
be an eclipse of the moon.
"It is said that by free coinage we would
have a larger circulating medium and as a
result there would be a rise of prices and an
increase in prosperity. Ido not bold that
this would be the case. The circulating
medium is not the amount of money but
the credits. In this respect confidence in
one another aids in extending the circu
lating medium. Few. indeed, are the
transactions actually compassed by the
use of money. In small affairs it is used,
but in all large dealings it is a passage of
credits or settlement of balances. In the
road which we are to purchase to-day, if
we were to pay actual cash and were to
use silver money, we would have to add a
couple of cars to our train to carry money
along."
Mr. Fairchild referred to the parch'ase
of the Cceurd'Alene branch of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company's line,
which was to-day acquired by the reorgan
ization committee. Continuing, be said :
"I even consider gold too cumbersome
to be used in transactions. In buying the
road there is only a settlement of balances
ano transfer of credits."
"Do you believe that by free coinage
there would be an advance in prices?"
"I am not sure but this would be the
result. You charge more for an article in
poor money than you do in good, and you
would gat larger prices for products in the
same ratio that silver money is poorer
than gold. There is but one class that would
be benefited, and that is a small number
when compared with the whole people.
Those who have debts to pay antedating
the introduction of silver would, to the
extent that they could pay in cheaper
money, be benefited : but this is a very
small clabs indeed. Only 4 per cent of the
debts of the country antedate the year in
which they are liquidated, while the great
bulk of ah debts — the daily transactions,
the 96 per cent— are liquidated wituin the
year. What we want is money that is
good anywhere, and on which is based
iaree credits. You know perfectly well
that you would loan a man $5 if you bad
perfect confidence in him, his honest in
tegrity and ability to pay, although he
minht not own a cent's worth of property.
When you do that you have increased the
circulation just to that extent.
"But then," said the general, as the
train was about to pull out, "I was not
going to give an interview until I sat
down and carefully thought over just what
I wanted to say."
"Will the action of the Democratic con
vention at Chicago in adopting a free
silver plank result in the ?■ la wing of
that party putting up a separate ticket?"
"I am sure I don't know. I have had
but littie time to look after politics, and
all I know is what I have seen in the
papers."
"If they do not, can the free-trade Dem
ocrats vote for McKinley, even with the
gold plank, when the Republican party
says that the tariff is the issue? '
"We have tariff enough." said he, as be
tooc his seat at the breakfast- table and
the train drew out, "and I guess it won't
hurt to get in and stop this wildfire."
SEWALL KNOWN IN SEATTLE.
Character of the Maine Man -as lit
scribed by a friend.
SEATTLE, Wash , July 13. —8. F.
Coombs, a West Seattle resident, who was
a member of the Maine Legislature during
the Speakership of James G. Blame, in
discussing the Vice-Presidential candi
dacy of Arthur Bewail to-day said :
"Mr. Sewali's ancestry played an im
portant part in revolutionary times and,
like Mr. Thurman, he never sought office.
In 1859 Arthur Sewall was a delegate to
the Democratic Convention from Bath,
Me., with .Fuller from Augusta and my
self from Thomaston, Me. Sewall was
tendered the Gubernatorial nomination,
but declined. He said he had tbe business
of bis father to attend to and it required
his whole time. He was very popular and
would have undoubtedly been elected if he
had accepted. There never was a strike in
Mr. Sewali's shipyard in Bath, Me., and
he employs as high as 1000 men at times
He and Mr. O'Brien of the other large
shipbuilding firm in Maine, located at
Thomaston, are both silver men. and
affirm that a high protective tariff has in
jured theil business."
•
JOAQUIN MILLER AT SEATTLE.
The Poet of the Sierrm Flouts the Men
Who Favor Gold.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 13.-Joaquin
Miller, tbe Poet of the Sierras, who has
been touring Oregon and Eastern Wash
ington, arrived in Beattle to-day. He had
many callers, for he is personally well
known to the pioneers of these States, in
each of which he taught school in an early
day. The venerable poet expressed him
self as much interested in tbe free silver
movement.
"It's right," he said, "for it is a step to
ward the advancement and betterment of
humanity. Away with such nonsense as
the claim of tbe gold men. Why, Oregon
on the ed?;e of the sunset in America in
'48 and '49 dug gold and her blacksmiths
hammered it into pieces of money with
which to pay volunteer soldiers who were
conducting an Indian war; and still they
■ay that this great country can't coin and
make money out of silver, reeaidless of
any other Nation. This country has been
taking orders from Wall street, which got
hers from London. Now the people have
issued a pronunciamento which cannot be
misunderstood."
Of Mr. Bryan, the Democratic standard
bearer, the poet commented: "I at nrst
thought his (Bryan's) brains might De too
much in his chin, and while I am satisfied
that such is not the case, even if it were
the venerable Maine statesman would be
a balance for the wheel. It is true Bryan
la young, but he is better known than Lin
coln was when first nominated. And,
wuh Pitt, I would say that 'Youth is not
a crime," and in this man who comes
speaking for the plain people of the land
we may find a liberator as big, as broad, as
great as Lincoln.
"The United States should do as France
t s — com Del tbe sale of bonds to her own
subjects. We should quit sending interest
to Kurope, whose money-lenders demand
t at they have a pound of flesh back with
every dollar we borrow from them.
"I don't know." concluded the author of
bongs of the Soul," "now that I've done
writing poetry, but that I'll take a hand
in this campaign."
SAN EMIGDIO WOMEN VOTE.
Their Exercise of the Franchise Results
in an Election Contest.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July 13.— Alonza
B. Robinson filed suit in the Superior Court
to-day to have S. W. Walters ousted from
the position of School Trustee in San
Emigdio district, because of the premature
exercise by a number of women of the
privilege of voting at the recent school
election in that place. Robinson was a can
didate and the election was very close.
*our women, one of them the wife and
another the daughter of a member of the
election board, applied for permission to
vote. This was granted, despite Robinson's
protest at the time. They all voted for
\\ alters and Robinson was defeated by
their votes.
Chico rotes Against Bonds.
CHICO, Cal., July 13.-The election to
determine whether or not the school dis
trict should be bonded for $30,000 to defray
the expense of erecting a high school build
ing resulted in the defeat of the proposed
issue, oily 79 Totes being cast in favor of
the bonds.
Suitun Vote* for Water Works.
SUISUN, Cal., July 13.— The proposition
to incur an indebtedness of $42,000 for the
acquisition of lands and the construction
of a public water works was submitted to
* £? ters tO - d ay and was carried by a vote
of 122 to 6.
THE WAVES OF THE SEA.
Queer Superstitions That Have Arisen
From the Movement of the Water.
The folk-lore of the sea is infinitely
varied. All maritime peoples have legends
of its origin, often of the most fantastic
kind. The idea of the regenerative power
of the ocean is both old and widespread.
It has found expression among people so
dissimilar as the ancient Greeks and the
Celts of Western Ireland. In the former
case it appears in the story of Aphrodite
rising from the sea, and in the
latter in the Celtic legends of sea
born monsters. • The ebbing and the flow
ing of the tide are accounted for by in
numerable myths, many of which center
round mammoths of the deep. Among
the Maoris of New Zetland, for example,
the tides were attributed to the mighty
and regular inbreathings and outbreath
ings of a monster named Parata, whose
home was supposed to be in the great deep
beyond the horizon. - Again, the notion
that hie ebbs with the ebbing tide, which
Dickens has illustrated pathetically in the
last hours of Barkis, is common to many
coast and seafaring folk. ,
Many other minor classes of sea super
stitions and sayings might be named.
Among these are various ideas connected
with the waves. For instance, wave
names form a subject of considerable in
terest. The names given locally to the
waves on different' parts of the coast are
curiously varied and sometimes not a little
suggestive. Peterhead folk call the large
breakers that fail with a crash on the
beach by the grim name of "Norrawa
(Norway) - carpenter?." On the low
Lincolnshire coast, as on the southwest
ern Atlantic-fronting shores of these isl
ands, the grandly long unbroken waves are
known as "rollers." Tennyson once re
marked that the waves which broke on
his native Lincolnshire coast were the
grandest he knew save those at the Land's
End. East Angliaus speak of a heavy surf
tumbling in with an off-shore wind, or in
a calm, by the expressive name of "slog,"
while a well-marked swell, rolling in inde
pendently of any wind blowing, is called
a "home." "There's no wind," a Suffolk
fisherman will say, "but a nasty home on
the beach." The same folk speak of the
"bark" of the surf, and of the sea covered
with foam as "feather white," while the
foam itself is "spoondrift." "The sea was
all a- feather white with spoondrift."
The epithet of this kind most generally
familiar to landsmen is the name of
"white horses" given to the foaming crests
of waves. The phrase is a favorite with
the poets. Swinburne, in "Off Shore,"
speaking of the ocean, says :
But for hours upon hours
As a thra 1 sbe remains
Spellbound as with flowers
And content In tier chains,
And her loud sieeds fret not, and lift not a lock of
- , their deep white manes.
The Russians on the Black Sea call these
manes "hares"; while the French speak
of a foaming crested sea as "la mer mou
tonneus*." Matthew Arnold, 1 in the optjn*
ing stanza of "The Forsaken Merman,*;
sings :
Now the great winds shorewards flow;
Now the Salt tide seawards flow; -
Now trie wild white bones play:
, Champ and chafe and loss in the spray.
. Most coast folk have theories of their own
concerning the recurrence of larger waves
than ordinary. At one place a weather
beaten observer will; tell you that two
small waves will be followed by a larger
breaker. Somewhere else you may be
told that three strong waves in succession
will be followed by a feebler fourth, and
so on with tolerable regularity. On the
northeast of Scotland it is a . favorite the
ory with the fishing and ; seafaring people
that in a storm three waves are strong
and violent, while the fourth is compara
tively weak and less dangerous. This
succession they call a "roll:. of ;. waves."
Fishermen returning from their fishing
ground of ten prove by experience the
truth of their theory, and hang back as
they come near the shore to take advan
tage of the lull . that : follows, they say,
pretty regularly after three • big breakers.
Any visitor to the seaside can test the
notion for himself ; but he will find it no
easy matter to mate accurate observa
tions. Moreover, 4be result* noted by dif
ferent observers will rarely be found to
agree. : Most careful watchers of the waves
will 1 probably come to the conclusion that
it is doubtful whether any of the numer
ous theories on the subject 'are ■in close
agreement with the facts or whether, in
deed, there is ~ any regular recurrence of
either strong or feeble waves. .'
The oldest and best-known theory on
the subject is '.that ; each tenth. wave is
bigger and. ; stronger * t nan the preceding
nine. The , idea .is as old : as ; the days of
Ovid, for the Roman poet twice alludes to
the' great wave that overtops its nine
smaller predecessors. Sir Thomas Browne
descants upon the subject in his Vulgar ,
Errors,"^ and declares \. that : the notion is
evidently false, k "nor can it be made out,"
he continues, "by observation, either upon
the shore or the ocean, as he have with
diligence explored both." Other ob
servers, of equal diligence, have come to a
contrary conclusion, . and . have declared
that a large and overwhelming wave is
very frequently, if not always, followed by
nine ana only, nine smaller ones. But the
Phenomenon, it :is said,' is only to be wit
nessed when the tide is flowing. No such
succession of waves marks the ebbing of
the water.— London Globe. _
There Are Others.
Philadelphia North American.
Cunliffe — Did Roarer ever realize any of
his political ambitions?
Bookey— No, poor fellow; he never pot
any higher than the position of a favorite
son.
PACIFIC GROVE ASSEMBLY
Dr. Keichner Lectures on "The
Tabernacle of Israel" to
Chautauquans.
Exhibits a True Reproduction of the
Sacred Structure of the
Holy Lanl
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July IS.— The
musical week of the Cbautauqua Assem
bly closed last evening with a sacred concert
by the Oakland orchestra with A. T. Stew
art as leader, assisted by Mias Safford. Mr.
Lawrence, Miss Mast and others. This
week will be devoted more particularly to
literary pursuits. A class in dressmaking
was started this morning, with a large
number in attendance.
The forum hour was taken up by Dr.
McClish, president of the Chautauqua, and
Mrs. Field, who lectured on "Eminent
Men That We Have Met." Each described
the peculiarities of noted men with pleas
ing clearness.
The Sunday school normal class was ad
dressed by Rev. A. A. Graves of Ventura
on "Bryant." The Round Table was led
by Mrs. M. H. Field.
Rev. J. W. Kelchner delivered his cele
brated lecture on the "Tabernacle of Israel
and the Heavenly Sanctuary" to-night.
After the expenditure of thousands of
dollars. Rev. Mr. Keichner has secured a
reproduction of the tabernacle and all its
furnishings. On a painting 12x32 feet in
size Mount Sinai stands out in bold relief
in the distance. The court inclosing the
sacred structure is Bxl6 feet, or about one
eleventh the size of the original. The
whole structure is composed of 1700 pieces
and its construction represents the fruit
of four years' labor. The entrance gate is
of blue, purple and scarlet velvet, and
aronnd the entire grounds are fine white
silk portieres, suspended from gold pil
lars, set in silver sockets.
Opposite the entrance is the altar for
burnt offerings, back of that the layer, th 3
original of which was made from the
melted mirrors of the women. The sides
of the tabernacle are of burnished gold,
each of which is capped with silver. In
side are eight pillars on which the veil
hangs. The furniture in the holy room
includes seven golden candlesticks, the ta-
Dle of bread and the altar of incense. That
of the most holy chamber is the ark of the
testament in burnished gold. The seat
represents the throne of God, with two
angels on guard. It opens, and inside are
the Laws on the Table of Stone, with set
tings of gold. The smaller vessels were
made in Arabia, and include flesh-hooks,
knives, bowls, shovels and baskets lor of
ferings.
HIS LAST TRICK.
How an American Prestidigitator Satis*
fled a Curious Kngllshiuan.
A well-known American prestidigitator
was a passenger recently on one of the bi^
Atlantic liners, homeward bound from
England. He is a good-natured conjurer,
and many times in the smoking-room be
exhibited his skill in performing tricks for
the amusement of the other passengers.
One of the frequenters of the smoking
room was an Englishman, who seemed to
be unable to get enough of the conjurer's
tricks. Almost every time the American
entered the room the Englishman de
manded something more, and usually the
American complied.
The conjurer took part in the ship's con
cert and did a lot of surprising: things with
cards. The Englis man was in a front
seat and followed the performance with
absorbed interest. But the next morning
when the American walked into the smok
ing-room after breakfast the Englishman
repeated his old demands. The conjurer
picked up from one of the little tables a
pack of cards, which had been used in the
whist game of the evening before. He
banded it to the Englishman and said :
"Pick out a card."
The Englishman ran over the pack and
made mental note of his selection.
"BbufSe them up," commanded the
prestidigitator.
The Englishman shuffled the cards se
verely, cut and shu tiled again. Then the
conjurer shuffled them. After that he
laid them out, one by one, in several little
piles. The Englishman watched him with
rapt attention. The conjurer gathered up
the little piles and gave the pack to the
Englishman again.
"Shuffle them again," he said.
The Englishman did it, and then the
conjurer picked up the pack and said:
'Now, do you remember what card it
was you selected?"
'Oh. yes," answered the Englishman.
"1 remember it 1 '
"Bure you haven't forgotten?"
"Of course not."
"Yon can name the card?"
"Certainly."
"Well, then, there's no n*e of my telling
yon what it is."
And the conjurer threw down the cards,
and went out followed by roars of laugh
ter from those who bad seen the trick.
New York Sun.
CONSTANTINE'S NEW ROME.
He Built Theaters, Churches, Baths,
Forums and Palaces at a Stroke.
Constantine created his New Rome in
330 as never ruler before or since created a
city, says the Fortnightly Review. It was
made a mighty and resplendent capital
within a single decade. Italy, Greece,
Asia Minor, Syria, Egypt, Mauritania
were despoiled of their treasures to adorn
the new metropolis. Constantine built
churches, theaters, forums, baths, porti
cos, palaces, monument? and aqueducts.
He built, adorned and peopled a great
capital all at a stroke, and made it, after
Rome and Athens, the most bplendid city
of the ancient world.
Two centuries later Justinian became
the second founder of the city. Ana from
Constantine down to the capture by the
crusaders, for nearly nine centuries, a
succession of emperors continued to raise
great sacred and lay buildincs. Of the
city before Constantine little remains
above the ground except some sculptures
in the museum and foundations of some
walls which Dr. Paspates believes he can
trace. Of Constannne and bis immediate
successors there remain parts of the hip
podrome, of walls, aqueducts, cistern? and
forums, some columns and monuments.
Of the emperors from Theodosius to the
Crusades, we still have, little injured, the
grand Church of Sophia, some twenty
churches much altered and mostly late in
date, the foundations of palaces, and one
still standing in ruins, and lastly the
twelve miles of walls with their gates and
towers. The museums contain sarcophagi
statues, inscriptions of the Roman age.
But we can hardly doubt that an immense
body of Byzantine relics and buildings still
lie buried some ten or twenty feet oelow
the ground whereon atand to-day the se
rails, khans, mosques and houses of Stam
boul, a soil which the Ottoman is loath to
disturb. When the day cornea that such
scientific excavations are possible as nave
been made in the Forum and the Palatine
at Rome we may yet look to unveil many
monuments of rare historical interest and,
it might be, a few of high artistic value.
As yet the cuttings for the railway have
given almost the only opportunity that
antiquarians have had of investigating
below the surface of the actual city, which
stands upon a deep stratum of debris.
Society in Guatemala.
"Life in Guatemala City to a foreigner,
and especially a young man, possesses
about an much attractiveness from a stand
point of amusement as would a residence
.n a graveyard. There is absolutely noth
ing to do except work, eat and sleep. The
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
only plac* a man has to go when be nas
finished worK," said J. J. Pringle, son of
the Consui-General to Guatemala from
this country, "is to a saloon, and there lie
has nothing to do for recreation but
drink. The door to the best society
Is shut in the face of Ameri
cans— 'gringoes,' as they are called by
the haughty dons — no matter what
their standing. Of course, when one
has official dignity he is invited to the
President's ball and other official func
tions, and has entree into society, but
there is no such thing as social intercourse
in its American sense. Nobody is allowed
to see a young lady unless it is in the
presence of her entire family or under the
watchful eye of her duenna, and there
isn't much pleasure in this kind of a visit
to most young men of America. Guate
mala City has a population of 80,000, but
has no theaters. There was an opera
company oi fair character there two years
ago, but there have been no attractions
at all of this kind during the past season.
Living is very high in Guatemala City,
and salaries are by no means correspond
ingly high. I would not advise any young
man to go there with the idea of making
his fortune. There has been too much
immigration to the country as it is." —
New Orleans Times- Democrat.
KNOWLEDGE IS NOT WISDOM.
Men of Great Learning Sometimes Lose
Sight of the Fact.
In the recent memoirs of Dean Buckland
an amusing picture is given of the antip
athy felt fifty years ago by the old classical
scholars at Oxford to the new scientific
learning, says the Youth's Companion.
They described it as "misohievous and ab
surd." When Buekland once went to
Rome for a long vacation one of the elder
dons is said to have exclaimed:
"Well, Buckland has gone to Italy.
Thank: heaven, we shall hear no more of
his silly geology."
Learned men do not always appreciate
the achievements of their fellows. It is
said that a friend brought Milton's "Para
dise Lost" to a great Scotch mathema
tician, who remarked wnen he had finished
it:
"It's verra pretty; but, mon, what does
it prove?"
An American, who stated recently in a
London club that he was going to Enneld
in search of the grave of Charles Lamb,
was astonished to hear him contemptuous
ly described by an English statesman as
"a flighty writer of silly papers, in which
there was no mention of political questions
of bis day."
Paganini, while in England, was men
tioned by a great jurist in a letter as "a
poor fiddler who baa driven the town mad
with his squeaks and scrapes," and he, no
doubt, would have described his critic as
soulless and deaf to the highest expression
of emotion.
An anecdote is told of Henry Clay in the
zenith of his popularity and fame. Meet
ing an old schoolmate at a reception he
expressed regret that another, friend, a
mutual acquaintance, whose career prom
ised to be brilliant, had given up his life to
the raising of pigs and making a fortune.
The friend presently met the gentleman
referred to, who exclaimed, with a shake
of the head:
"Poor Henry Clay! He might have
made a good stock-grower and be a com
fortable planter now if he had not wasted
his time in politics."
SWAPPING WITH THE CZAR
A Philadelphia Boy's '•cheme That
Panned Out in Great Shape.
Some time ago the attention of a Phila
delphia mother was attracted to her little
boy by the fact that he lay at full length
on the library floor evidently deeply in
volved in the intricacies of letter-writing.
All inquiries as to the purport and pro
posed destination of the laborious produc
tion failed to elicit further leruark than an
odvice to "wait awhile." At last the mis
sive ended with a scrawling superscription
and an immense sigh of relief, and it was
proudly borne to the father and mother
that they might be afforded an opportu
nity of expressing their entire approba
tion which was evidently expected.
Imagine their surprise when their eyes
fell upon the following:
Dear Czar: Since the death of your father
you must have received a great deal of foreign
postage stamps on letters from your friends
who were sorry for you. lam collecting post
age stamps, and if you will please send me a
good lot of >• irs I will send you some Ameri
can ones in return.
The parents at first laughed at the idea,
but the little man was so evidently pleased
with this idea of his young brain that
they finally determined to allow him to
mail it. never imngining that it would
really fall beneath the royal ga=e.
With both the parents and the child the
thing was already fast becoming a thing of
the forgotten past, when the mail of a few
mornings ago brought the young fellow a
rather balky envelope, bearing upon it the
seal and arms of the royal house of Rus
sia. To the little fellow's delight he
found, on opening it, that it was packed
with stamps of all nationalities.
The labored missive had evidently
reached its destination and had spelled
out to the heart of the child, in all the
excitement of his coronation ceremonies,
such a message of childish innocence as
made refusal impossible. — Philadelphia
Public Ledger.
OUR LIGHTHOUSE SYSTEM.
TV> Are the Only Nation Which At-
tempts to Be Thorough.
The United States is the only nation
which makes an attempt to line its entire
shores with lighthouses or signals, the idea
being here to place those sufficiently close
together to permit of coastwise navigation
in any weather. The system is not yet
quite complete, but it it exceedingly well
advanced.
. During clear weather the lights of the
houses are effective, being as a rule hidden
only by the curvature of the earth, but
since fogs can hide even the sua from us,
there are times when the lights cannot be
seen, and for such occasions the light
houses are provided with some kind of
noise-making apparatus, the care and con
dition of which is quite as important as
that of the light itself. Horns, bells and
sirens are used at these stations as the
common devices, and these are supple
mented by floating bells and whistling
buoys, the former of which give warning
on, close approach, while the latter are
some of them almost as powerful in their
tones as the shore signals.
Recent experiments dv Major W. R.
Livermore have had in view the testing of
the efficiency of the : different kinds of
warning signals, and how they are effected
by different conditions of the air. Major
.Livermore has* been able to predict the
nature of -the disturbance which a certain
direction of wind will have UDon the sig
nals,* and has explained the reason for the
so-called silent areas, .within which no
sound can be heard from the signals, al
though hey may 'be easily ; audible ; at
greater. distances from the lighthouse. —
Happy , T t^ggtfgSKggmggggm
■■ ■. ■ - > ♦ »" — ■ — -" ■
The Karth's Rotation and Moving Trains.
"I had an interesting conversation with
a^ Western scientist jhe other day," said
N. S. Moore, a Chicago traveling man, at
ttie Raleigh, "about the effect the rotation
of the earth has on moving railway trains.
he claimed that a train going eastward is
accelerated by the earth's rotation, while
one going westward is correspondingly re
tarded. Trials of railroad spec I, to obtain
the best results, he says, should therefore
be made from west to* east The scientist
backs his theory up with elaborate mathe
matical formula. He goes further and
estimates that a train running either north
or south loses by reason of the earth's
movement, on aocount, tie says, of the
earth's pressure anaiust the right rail. A
train capable of making seventy miles an
hour loses two miles. It is such an inter
esting proposition that I should like to see
a test made."— Washington Times.
HEW TO-DAY.
SOLE AdENTS FOR THE
MAGOIONI KID GLOVES,
CLEARING OUT
SALE OF
LACES
AT POSITIVELY
LOWEST PRICES ON RECORD.
— ....
LACES ALMOST GIVEN AWAY
Chiffon Laces.
6 inches wide," In colors, black, cream,
old rose, gray and lavender, former price
:'. 50c a yard, _____ Now Yard
Torchon Laces.
Hand-made, 4 inches wide, edgings and
insertions, former price 2Oc,
• . Now 100 Yard
Batiste Insertions.
1 inch wide, former price 30c yard,
Now 15c Yard
IJ4 inches wide, former price 40c yard,
, Now BOc Yard
2 inches wide, former price 45c yard,
Now 25c Yard
3 Inches wide, former price 60c yard,
.. Now 35c Yard
Real Point Venise Laces — Ecru.
4 inches wide, former price 50c yard.
Now 35c Yard
6 inches wide, former price 75c yard,
. . Now 45c Yard
8 inches wide, former price $1 yard.
Now 65c Yard
Other Bargains In Laces Below
Previous Wholesale Cost.
Ladies* Choice Neckwear.
Great Reduction In Prices in Ladies'
EMBROIDERY YOKES.
CHIFFON COLLARS.
CHIFhON PUCHES,
LACE FRONTS AND JABOTS.
See them before they are all sold.
Special attention is directed to our
Men's Turtle-Neck Sweater.
Plain colors and striped.
. Special at $2.50 Each.
Ask to see It. It's the Biggest
Bargain In Town.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON,
125, 187, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 742 and 744 Market
Street.
Counterfeits
If a dealer tells you
he has "something
just as good" when
you ask for "STAND-
ARD" Shirts you
may rest assured he
has something
c h e a p c r— to him.
f The re are shirts that
t ' cost . the dealer less
than STANDARD
, Shirts, but they cost
the wearer more.
Buy the Shirt that's
made in California.
BIDS
WILL BE RECEIVED AT THE OFFICE OF
the Registrar ol Voter* on DAY, July
20, 1896. at 10 a. m., tor Stationary, etc.
For particular* apply at this office.
■W. M. H IN Toy. RegUtrar.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
(ffEli once for a book
J*j3£y that explains how
y*^JW full manly vigor
(-». J/X~ s^*. i s easily, quickly
Ji V- J/9»i. ,3\ and permanently
■fj^rri M&m'+mft rffiV restore!. No man
/7^^-^afiM Buffering from
I /• *. nx/j// Jrw\F weakness can af-
l/P~*^^s£rJ JK&SI ford to ignore this
]/ y^~ \v ■■-■■ fi/\n timely advice.
/j^gy < *-'iLJwytK Book tells how
*-"^ *■ **^^^**>fuU strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFF ALO.N.V.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
m LADIES' GRILL BOOM
Ok' THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 31.
OPES UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLKS H. PHILLIP* ATTORNEY-AT-
KJ law and Notary PnbUo, 034 market at, oppo.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEIW, TUjJ
KJ gnat • Mexican iUcaadjrt lira* iie*ita «uM
; birtngvuio Ui« h^iuai o«»a* *"•"" «-•
fill's Man Vegetal Ms
Are acknowledged by thousands of person* who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK , HEADACHE. GIDDIS'KSS, COX3TIPA-
GmntfiMicSn
V| r Uh this remwly persons can euro Uiemselvo.
without me least exposure, chan*? of Set ol
change in application to bualnesaTrae medlclca
contains notbine that la of the least *iniiSrto ts2SAW DEATH ON
EITHER HAND,
Chinese Surrounded by
Flames in a Burning
Building.
SECOND ALARM SOUNDED
A Family of Seven Supposed to
Have Perished in Their
Rooms.
ESCAPED BY A LONG LADPEB.
Merchandise Stores and Tenement
Apartments Gutted on Jack
son Street
Chinatown was the scene of another
serious fire at 11:15 o'clock last night. For
a time it looked as though all the build
ings on the north side of Jackson street
from the theater to Kearny street would
be destroyed. For the third time in five
days the Fire Department was called out
on a double alarm, and the men under
acting Chief Dougherty acquitted them
selves nobly.
The fire started in Wo Lung Cheong's
shoe factory and the first intimation of
danger to those outside was a sudden
burst of flames from the front, which
seemed to spring half way across the
street. Then followed a scene that beggars
description. The Chinese inhabitants of
the locality lost all self-possession and ran
hither and thither shrilly screaming in
tiieir barbarous language.
They knew that Cheong's family lived
in t c rear and that all apparent avenues
of escape were cut off by the wall of fire
that stood between the rear and the street.
They also knew that the second and third
stories of the lame building were literally
packed with dozens of their countrymen,
whose escape by the stairs was impossible.
The discordant cries and screams in the
street and from the windows of surround
ing buildings soon awoke those who
dwelt in the tenement, and every window
was thrown open. A few cave vent to
their alarm by calls for help to those be
low. In a very few minutes the Chinese
who lived in the second story were out on
the wooden awning over tne sidewalk,
where for a time they were safe, if not well
clad.
Foot by foot the flames rapidly went up
the building on the inside until the heat
was inter.se. The Chinese in the upper
part had ceased their cries and watched
the approach of the fire with stoic forti
tude. To jump out of the window meant
doath or serious injury, so they crowded to
the windows, where they gasped for fresh
air, for clouds of smoke were pouring out
over their heads.
At last the heat became unbearable, and
a break was made. One by one they
crawled out upon the six-inch window
ledges and stood clinging to the wall.
Death stared them in the face on both
sides, but not a word did they utter.
They were waiting for the firemen to
erect the long exten&i n ladders, and,
though the firemen worked with a will
and the feat was quickly done, it seemed
an age to those who watched above and
below. When the ladder came within
reach the first half-clad Chinese stepped
on and quickly reached the ground.
The others did not attempt to rush, but
with remarkable coolness each took his
turn, notwithstanding that the flumes
were scorching hands and faces. At last
all reached the ground in safety and they
hurried away and were lost in the crowd.
Then came the cry that Cheong and his
family, consisting of the father, mother,
three girls and two little boys, were still
imprisoned in the building and the first
effort of the firemen was to reach the un
fortunate. All the doors and windows on j
the front were smashed in and with each
collapse out poured a big volume of
smoke.
To reach the living-rooms of the
Cheongs was an impossibility, for falling
timbers and leaping flames completely
blocked the way. If the family had not
escaped not a member would live to tell
the tale, for there was no exit in the rear.
The horror of the situation was plainly
manifest on the faces of the Chinese in
tbe crowd.
Later in tbe night the word was spread
that a boy had seen Cheong fleeing from
the burning building with his brood a
minute or two after the first cry of fire was
sounded. A search through the Chinese
quarter was made, but where they took
refuge, if they did escape, could not be
lound.
Meanwhile the firemen had their hands
fulJ. Fire tower, hosecarts, line of hose
were piled and jammed in the streets in
confusion. Lines were carried to the
roofs of the adjoining buildings, and by
the time tbe outside engines had been on
the ground ten minutes streams were
pouring into the fiery furnace within
the brick walls from all sides and above.
While the blaze was at its worst there
was a dull explosion in the building, fol
lowed by a clatter like bail on a tin pan.
Evidently a can of powder and a few big
boxes of firecrackers caused the dis
turbance.
The fire was under control within a half
hour.
The fire burst out with the suddenness
of an explosion and in consequence it is
imposnible to ascertain just where or how
it started. It is presumed, however, that
it originated in Wo Lung Cheong's shoe
store, at 721 Jackson street.
In a few moments the fire burst through
into Lang Wo Lang & Co.'s general mer
c andise establishment next door. Tne
flames then ate their way into the two
floors above, and the whole interior was
soon a mass of raging flames. Sun San
Key's butcher-saop, 717 -Jackson street,
next furnished fuel to the flames.
Large quantities of meat and tallow
were stored in the shop, and as Ihe flames
reached this stock the sm«ke and stench
of the burning meat became unbearable.
The firemen were driven half suffocated
into the fresh air.
Acting Chief Dougherty, seeing that it
was impossible to check the flames with
the band hose, ordered the water-tower
placed opposite the burning building.
This was done and a powerful stream of
water, fed by three engines, was turned
through the upper windows into the burn
ing mass ot goods and furniture.
I'housanis. upon thousandsof gallons of
water went vouriug into the building, but
it was fully half an hour before the flames
were under control. During the progress
of the fire streams directed toward the
flames would strike a projecting corner or
a standing ladder and the water would
pour into the adjoining buildings.
In conseqaence the Jackson-street thea
ter, owned by the Sam Yup Company, was
thoroughly flooded. A three-story tene
ment house, 615 Jackson street, owned by
L. and C. Gendotte. and occupied oy a
number of Chinese families, was also badly
damaged by water.
1; is difficult to ascertain the exact loss,
but it is estimated to be somewhere in the
neighborhood of $20,000 or $25,000. The
building, which is owned by H. Miller,
was completely gutted, and the stock of
goods it contained were almost entirely
destroyed. Considering these facts, it is
quite probable that the damage will prove
to exceed the above figures.
It proved a most stubborn fire to sub
due. No sooner would one portion be
seemingly under subjection to the stream
of water poured on from the hose than the
flames would be seen to shoot out through
the window, there to be attacked in turn
by another stream.
The tower, with its tremendous force of
water continuously pouring in through the
open window, went apparently for naught
as against the violent heat and shooting
toncues of flame driving their forces
against the water.
This fignt was kept up between the two
giant destroyers until orders were given
to discontinue the use of the tower, and a
ladder was run up against the building
and a line of hose sent up where it was
seized by one of the firemen who, with
daring so characteristic to his calling,
stepped inside of what seemed a veritable
furnace.
This bravery was rewarded by an imme
diate cessation of the flames from the
wood which served to petition off the
interior of the beehive into cubby holes
for the tenants. ,
After this application the fire was vir
tually under subjection, and it required
only a snort time before what had been an
hour previous a fiery furnace was con
verted into a charred anddi.-mal spectacle
of ruin and desolation.
The stretching of the hose across Kearny
street had the effect of stopping the elec
tric-cars, and all those which had been
caught north of the scene were compelled
to remain where they were until long after
1 o'clock, much to the chagrin of the men
employed upon them.
GOLD, BUT NO FOOD.
Experience of an Amateur Pirate on
the Chinese Coast.
It has surely fallen to the lot of few men
to come near starving to death in aland ot
plenty, with over $900 in gold in their
pocket— nay. by reason of that very fact.
1 had shipped at Rangoon on board a
steamer bound for Shanghai, says a writer
in the London Standard. When I signed
she was flying Jardine's flag at the main,
but I believe she carried the ensign of
every nation and half the house flags of
the world in her signal locker. An opium
smuggler I was prepared to find her, but
that her chief business on the waters was
pjracy of the vilest sort and unredeemed
by a glint of romance came upon me cer
tainly as a revelation.
We attacked no ships as far as I know,
but bandied with marvelous skill and
knowledge of the intricate coast naviga
tion, she. would run in after nightfall
among the rocks and banks where one
would expect a sampan to take the bot
tom, while shrieks, flames, the report of
firearms and clash of steel would testify to
the descent of my delectable shipmates
upon one or another of the numerous fisb
ing villages which fringe the shores of the
China seas.
After four months' duress I struck a
blow for liberty. My little hoard of mor
phia — jealously guarded toward this even
tuality — deepened tne narcotism in which
the whole crew lay steeped after a ghastly
debauch as we rode at anchor and, for
saking all my goods and chattels and
seizing in lieu such moneys as I cond find,
I dropped into tne dingey and pulled off,
! shoeless, hatless, arrayed only in a shirt,
I trousers and belt containing the above
named sum (close on £200), hoping to
reach a German gunboat which had been
sighted in the offing earlier in the day.
But the night was tbick, and in less than
an hour I found myself close in shore.
The question of what to do was speedily
settled by the boat capsizing among the
breakers, leaving me no alternative but to
lan a. Day was breaking and I lay till
next morning in a tomb cut above the
road in the hillside, and for the next three
weeks I nearJy perished for lack of nour
ishment, not daring to exhibit a gold
piece, for I had no weapon and would cer
tainly have been robbed and murdered.
I would gladly have thrown away all but
one piece, but there was no single small
coin in the sum total, and the result would
have been the same. Though a good
walker at that age (I had made a record of
twenty miles not long before and could
cover 300 a week without a blister), I ac
complished no more than 200 miles in
twenty-two days, traveling only by niglit
and hiding in tombs or ditches all day,
often rushing back to my last deserted
lair in terror of the advancing sun when
no suitable place of concealment hove in
sight.
With paddy and plantains snatched pre
cariously here and there I managed to
exist during those awful weeks. Chan-
Ciian is not regarded as a terrestrial para
dise by those Europeans wbom fate malign
bas compelled to sojourn there, but Wal
halla was never hailed with greater ecstacy
by the world-worn pilgrim than was that
Celestial sink by myself. Toward the
twentieth day the smell of meat cooking
absolutely overcame me one morning and
at the peril of my life I emerged into the
light of day and laid felonious hands and
teeth on what I believed was part of a
baked cat, in the temporary absence of the
legitimate landlord thereof.
THE PIG RETURNED HOME.
Beating: the Record of the Cat That
Came Back or the Homing Pigeon.'
The late Joseph Mill ward, father of the
present Joseph U. Mill ward, told the fol
io wine story of a pig to Colonel William
A. Gunn, who is our authority. It is a
little incredible, but it is so well authenti
cated that we believe it, for no man in his
day in Lexington stood higher for veracity
and integrity than did "Old Joe" Mill
ward, as he was known to his • ac
quaintances: .
Many years ; ago ,he was at . a farmer's
house to dinner, and while they, were eat
ing a little pig came into the dining-room,
and the good woman of the house re
marked to her husband that she "couldn't
keep it out and she wished that he would
kill it." Mr. Miliward said:
. "Don't do that, but send it to -town
to me."
The farmer replied that he would.
It was in the days when wood was
burned In Lexington for fuel, and in a day
or two the farmer sent in a load of wood
and put the pig' in a basket and hung
it on the ing-pole of the wagon, and
in this way -brought it to town to Mr.
Millward. ; It was a very rainy time, and
the roads were muddy and wet. In a
night or ' two the pig disappeared,
and Mr. Millward supposed some
negro - had ' stolen - it. A few
days afterward be met his farmer friend
and told him that some one had stolen his
pig. The latter remarked that the pig had
come back home and that be intended to
keep it. The pig ; had crossed over town,
took the Newton road and got to Elk born
Creek, which was p very high. ' The miller
at the creek told ' him that -he. had seen ; a
little muddy pig come to the creek and
take a peep at the high.water, and at last
he plunged in, and : the 'swift', current
swept him down and over tne dam, and
the miller ' thought it was drowned; "but
after a little time he saw the pig coming
up the opposite bank, and when he came
to the road he took up the hill and disap
peared toward home.— Lexington Gazette.
• • ♦ — •
Unrewarded Honentjr.
Every one around the Illinois Central
city ticket office was talking about the
flndine of the $50 gold watch and "Hon
est Bradley, who returned it. Bradley
was getting a good deal of praise for his
honesty, but I c remarked that Je would
have preferred a half dollar. "Tdis case
reminds me of a similar one when I was
*: railroad conductor," said one of the old
timers. "It was in the early days of Pat
Hill, you know, every one remembers Pat.
In fact a short time at^o he was still brak
ing on the Louisville and Nashville be
tween here and Mobile. Well, he was
riding on my train, and he found by the
end of his seat a ro'l of bills, amounting
to $5000. Pat was too honest to put the
money in his pocket, so he hunted about
until he found the man who had lost it
and returned the money. The owner
handed him a half dollar."— New Orleans
Times- Democrat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
ORGANIZED IN THE
FORTY-FOURTH,
A Club Formed Under In
structions From the Ex
ecutive Council.
SYSTEM IS NECESSARY.
Citizens Who Will See That
Every Vote Cast Is
Counted.
CAPTAIN HANSON'S RECORD.
Young Men Show Their Appreciation
of Good Government in
the District
Organization in politics is as necessary
for success on the eve of a campaign as is
discipline in an army previous to a great
battle.
This condition is evidently recognized
OFFICERS OF THE FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT REPUBLICAN CLUB.
by the Republican party leaders in San
Francisco, who, through the executive
committee, encourage the men in the vari
ous Assembly districts to bold club meet
ings, and who impress upon the minds of
the party followers what will insure a tri
umphant victory.
There is a more important duty to be
fulfilled when the votes are all in the box,
which is to see that an honest and faithful
count of the votes cast is had and the men
for whom they have been deposited are
credited with their rightful snares.
In a well organized political club the
members become known to each other
and when the time arrives for volunteers
to take charge of the polling-booths and
see that fair play is accorded to all, there
will be no difficulty in securing the proper
material from the ranks.
This precaution no doubt is the incen
tive wi.ich prompts the young men of the \
several Assembly districts to keep op a j
continuous club organization.
With this object in view the Forty-fourth
Assembly District has not been backward
in placing the Republicans of their district
| op a war footing.
This club was organized on the 16th of
last January in pursuance of instructions
from the Republican Executive Council.
It continued" with its regular meetings'
until the 6th of the present month, when I
a reorganization upon a broader plane was '
perfected.
At that meeting 330 names appeared !
upon the clubroll, all of which represented !
bona-lide residents and voters of the dis- i
trict.
Among the officers elected for the year
are men well known, not only in the im- I
mediate neighborhood but all over the i
City.
Captain F. Hanson, tne vice-president,
heid the position of Market Inspector un
der the late Republican administration
and left a splendid record behind him.
His army record, too, is as good as any
man's can be and his Republicanism
stands second to none.
The president of the club, I. E. Jarrett,
; is a young lawyer of brilliant attainments
i and ot great popularity.
With these men at the head of the club
as officers, and ably assisted by their asso
i ciates, there is every reason to believe
that the Forty-fourth District will give a
good account of itself when the votes are
counted for Major William McKinley and I
Hobart, as also for the municipal nomi
nees.
The following - named gentleman are
officers of the club: I. E. Jarrett, presi
dent; Captain F. Hanson, vice-president;
W. W. Cross, secretary ; S. C. Jones, treas
urer.
The executive committee is composed of
J. C. Kimbail (chairman), W. W. Cross,
Frank McFarland, Captain F. Hanson, A.
J. Patterson, Stephen J. Garibaldi, R. L.
Clark.
This committee has been authorized to
procure suitable headquarters for the cam
paign.
In view of the action recently taken by
the County Commitiee in increasing its
number, I. E. Jarrett was indorsed as the
additional member for County Commit
teeman of the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict.
SAND IS HEALTHFUL.
In Cincinnati the City Furnishes Great
I'iles of It.
Some time ago, when an item went the
rounds of the press about the large num
ber of bow-leeged children in Cincinnati,
it was suggested that sand piles should be
provided for the children to play in. The
sand-pile idea has been adopted, not only
for the bow-legged children, but for all
the little tots, and promises to be carried
to a novel extent. Many of the school
yards have now in one corner large piles
of sand in which the little tots roll and
play to their hearts' content, says the
New York Press.
Care is taken to provide clean sand
secured from one of the bars in the Ohio
river, and it is changed often enough to
make it perfectly healthful. It is declared
to be the healthiest thing possible for
children to play in, and some doctors have
advised the making of mud pies as a regu
lar prescription lor puny youngsters.
They say there is nothing like contact with
mother eartn. and if the children do not
get healthful sand or dirt to play in they
will wallow in the gutter or yards and be
contaminated with all sorts of disease
germs.
City Legislator John Regan has gone
further, and has introduced an ordinance
in the city council to shut the worthless
element out of Eighth street or Garfield
Park, and give it over to the children. He
proposes to have sand piled in the corners
of the parKs and let the children play all
they want. Mr. Regan, who is well known
in New York, says that this • should
certainly be done.
WONDERFUL BENEFACTIONS.
When Baron Hirsch Began to Give His
Fortune Away.. ■-..:'.
Ever since the death of his only son he
devoted his life . and fortune to works ■of
philanthropy; and in the first, place to the
improvement of the lot of his own co-reli
gionists in Austria, Hungary, Roumania
and Russia. Thus the Hirsch fund in
Austria disposes of a sum. of 12,000,000
francs for the purpose of educating: the
children 'of indigent Oalician Jews and
teaching them trades. There are no less
than forty-one such schools fn ' existence
here at present, and their, success is un
questioned. They are 'rapidly human
izing thousands of unfortunate Jews
whom centuries of cruel persecutions ; had
brutalized.
He assigned' about 10.000,000 francs rto
his co-religionists in Roumania, and he
offered 60,000,000 francs for the purpose of
transplanting Russian Jews to America.
But owing to the refusal iof the Russian
Government this plan In its primitive and
grandiose form *■ had to be abandoned.
till, it is mainly to his energy and gener
osity .that thousands of Russian Jews owe
the facilities afforded them of emigrating
to the United States and Argen
tina, in all this Baron Hirsch acted on the
reasonable conviction that Jews are quite
as capable as Christians of becoming skilled
artisans and successful agriculturists, if
only they obtain fair play; and before his
death be had the satisfaction of knowing j
that he had completely proved his case. \
But it would be a gross mistake to fancy j
that Baron Hirsch's generosity was sec
tarian. He was a philanthropist in the
noblest and most catholic sense of the i
word, and thousands — nay, millions — of
men and women of all Christian churches
will bitterly bewail his death.
In Vienna, for example, he established
a committee for supplying needy artisans
and laborers, without discrimination of
creed, with loans for the purchase of trade
implements, and for thisobject he allowed
the committee 10,000 florins monthly. A
similar committee in Buda-Pesth was in re
ceipt of the same monthly allowance. In
Lemberg and Cracow he paid 12,000 florins
monthly for an identical purpose, while
his committee in New York disposed of
$10,(00 per month. When the fire in the
city of Stry, in Galicia, left large num
bers of people roofless, Baron Hirsch sent
them a check for 100,000 guldens. All these
and many other acts of princely generosity
were by their very nature made public, but
millions of francs found their way from j
the Hirsch bank to the huts and garrets of
the poor, no penny of which was ever re
corded. It is estimated that be spent alto- '
get her in works of pure philanthropy
about 100,000.000 francs, or one-third of his
capital. He was busy drawing up further .
grandiose plans of philanthropy when
death closed his career.
On the occasion of his last visit to Aus
tralia he complained to a friend of the
high legacy duties in this country. "Are
you anxious about your heirs, then?"
asked the friend. "My heirs," replied
Baron Hirsch, "are suffering humanity.
My one desire is to capitalize all my ben
evolent foundations so they may live and
work forever,"
The wretched in all quarters of the globe
regarded Maurice Hirsch as an earthly
providence. Every year in Carlsbad he
was followed at a respectful distance by
hundreds of Polish and Russian Jews, who
regarded the ground he trod as holy.
Every post brought him countless begging
letters. One was concluded in the follow
ing term: "If you are a man of honor
help an unfortunate lady in trouble.
Send 20,000 francs by return post to B.
G.. Poste Restante, and never seek to
learn my name." Another was as follows:
"Messiah of the Jews. You, who like a
second Moses, seek to rescue us from
slavery, help me, your servant, out
of my present trouble." One youth in
Buda-Pesth wrote a begging letter, and
received from Baron Hirsch, who never
saw him, 30,000 francs. A few days
before death he sent one such letter to" a
committee in Vienna, telling them to pay
the writer of it 1000 florins, if the facts she
alleged were true. It is difficult to realize
the crush ingly painful impression pro
duced throughout the Hapsburg monarchy
by the sudden demise of the beneficent
millionaire, who considered himself the
trustee of the poor and suffering, and who
was the noble master— not the sordid
slave — of his millions.— London Telegraph.
• — ♦ *
All About Xges.
To determine the age of eggs, dissolve a
quarter of a pound of salt into a quart of
cold water and drop in the eggs one at a
time. If a day old an egg will settle to
the bottom; if three days old it will float;
if more than five days old, it will rise
above the water in proportion to its age.
To ascertain the quality of eggs, make a
cove of stiff white paper, place the egg in
the large end of the cone and look through
the small end toward the sun. If the con
tents look clear, even though the shell is
discolored, the egg is good; if spotted, it
is not.
About 70 per cent of a fresh-laid egg is
formed of water, and this begins »o evapo
rate soon after the egg is laid. Air enters,
introducing bacteria, which causes the
Jgg to decompose. To prevent this, place
aew-laid eggs in a wire basket and im
aierse for five seconds in boiling water.
fbis causes a thin coating of coagulated
ilbumen to form next the shell. The
pores of the soell can then be closed by
lipping in linseed oil. Such an egg will
jeep almost indefinitely.
The whites of esrgs will froth more
rapidly if cold. A pinch of salt in warm
weather will cool the whites when ready
:or beating. Yolks well beaten, with a
ittle flour sifted over the top, will last for
t couple of days, but if the whites are
ranted to keep they must be left un
beaten.
The yolk of an egg is a good substitute
r or cream in coffee and will suffice for
;hree cups.
Eggs boiled twenty minutes are more
iigestible than those boiled five. This is
aecause they are dry and mealy.
A raw egg swallowed immediately will
usually remove a fishbone stuck in the
Lhroat. The white of an egg is a good ap
plication for a butn. Mixblack ink with
:he white of egg and sponge old black kid
gloves to restore color.
COST OF RUNNING A CLUB.
Euormous Exp«nse« Connected With i
Some of the Largest.
It costs over $300,000 a year to run the
Dnion League Club. It costs father less
;han one-third that sum to run the Cen
tury Club. Clubs like the Calumet, the
Knickerbocker, the Reform and the Co
onial are run for less than the Century.
The Union Club, the New York Club,
:he University and the Manhattan are
imong the most expensive to maintain.
So are some of the athletic clubs. The
Metropolitan is run at large expense, and
with increasing membership it will be as
:ostly a club to run as there is in the
country. The cheapest and mot econom
ically managed clubs are the Greek letter
zlubs. Most of these clubs are run upon
less than $10,000 a year. A few small
clubs with agreeable houses are run on a
little over $5000 a year, though $7500 is a
small income for a comfortable club, even
when there is no attempt to maintain a
restaurant.
Most of the large rlubs have a consider
able bonded and mortgage indebtedness.
I'he Century's new house, with its fur
nishings, is worth about half that sum-
There was an epidemic of club indebted,
ness shortly before the panic of 1893, and
several clubs have found their interest ac
count since that time a serious embar
rassment. It is usual to place a club's
Dond, if possible, in the hands of the mem
bers, and the hawking of club bonds about
the street is esteemed a scandal. It is be
lieved that only the strongest clubs could
now obtain takers for any considerable
bonded indebtedness. The Union League
Ulub of Philadelphia, one of the strongest
in the country, was able recently to noat
$175,000 in bonds at 4.4 per cent, a very low
rate for club bonds. The issue was greatly
over-subscribed, bids to the amount of
more than $1,500,000 having been put in.
There are few New York clubs that could
market their bonds on better terms than
these. It is pretty well understood when
a weak club asks its members to subscribe
for bonds that the subscription is likely to i
turn out an assessment. There are sev
eral New York clubs with bonded and
mortgage indebtedness ot $500,000, and
several others with property approaching
In value $1,000,000.
Almost every club in New York loses
money in conducting its restaurant. The J
Union League Club's restaurant usually i
shows a small loss, even after it has been
credited with $20,000 for the leeding of em- i
ployes. This restaurant, with the bar and I
cellars, takes in from $115,000 to $135,000 j
per year. There are four or five other ;
clubs that take in as much or more, and ■
there are a few that make a small profit
when the receipts from wines, liquors and '
cigars are accredited to the restaurant and
proper credit is allowed for the mainte- i
nance of employes. About a third of the j
income of the Century Club is from these
sources.
Nearly all the large clubs receive from
$5000 to $25,000 for lodgings. This is an ex
tremely profitable feature of a large club, !
as the cost of maintaining lodgings is ;
small, and the presence of permanent j
lodgers in the house works for good order
ana helps to maintain the restaurant. Few
New York clubs have greatly developed the
non-resident list, though It is becoming
more important in large clubs. Those
clubs that make a specialty of non-resident
membership rind that is highly profitable
to fix non-resident dues and initiation fees
very low. The club with largest non-resi
dent list obtains about $13,000 a year from
non-resident dues and has so constant a
demand for its lodgings by non-residents :
visiting the city permanent lodgers are no
longer taken. Such a non-resident list, j
made up of men from all Darts of the
country, most of whom occasionally
visit New York, gives a variety and
interest to club life that nothing else can
give. One sees from time to time at the
club strongest in non-resident membership
Cabinet officers, political leaders from New-
England, ths South and the West, army
and navy officers on leave, leaders of the
bar from half a dozen States and business
men from nearly all parts of the country.
It is difficult to conduct a club complete
in all its functions with a membership
of less than 300, and such a club cannot be
comfortably run upon dues of less than
$40 per year. Out of the income from dues
must be paid rent, waees. cost of repairs
and whatever deficit may result from the
conduct of the restaurant. If that deficit
is not to be pretty large tne club must
have a considerable proportion of its mem
bers regular frequenters of the house. If
such a club can have an average of fifteen
or twenty men daily taking breakfast and
luncheon a la carte it is likely, with eco
nomical management in all its depart
ments, to live within its income. Ex
penses may be set down roughly in this
fashion:
Bent 93,000
Steward 1,200
Cook 900
Under cook 360
Chambermaid. 240
Porier. 360
Four waiters 1,900
Scullion 300
Five boys 1,350
Fuel and light 1,000
Stiu lon.ry 12S»
I'e.riodlcals and newspapers 260
.Repairs und renewals 1,600
Total *12,385
This consumes all the income from dues
and r suits in a small deficit. Every such
club, however, should be able to realize
from $2500 to $3000 per year from lodgings,
and if the loss on the restaurant can be
kept within $2500 a year the club may be
held to be in good condition, for a club
starting with a membership of 300 may
reasonably expect, until it has reached its
limit of membership, to take in from $1500
to $2500 per year in entrance fees. Such a
club at starting may reasonably expect
also to furnish its house from the proceeds
of admission fees, say $25 from each of the
first 300 members. Any surplus during
the first five years of the club is likely to
be needed for further furnishing. A club
with such an income cannot hope, if it is
to be run in tirst-rate fashion, to occupy an
eligible Fifth avenue corner, as that would
mean doubling or trebling its rent.— New
York Journal.
The Most Popular Novels.
From a comparison of the statistics of
all the chief English libraries, says the
Golden Penny, itls evident that there is a
very general agreement that the best
novels in the various departments of lie*
tion are as follows:
Sensational novel— "The Woman in
White."
Historical novel— "lvanboe."
Dramatic novel — "Monte Cristo."
Domestic novel— "The Vicar of Wake
field."
Sea novel— "Midshipman Easy."
Novel of rural life— "Adam Bede."
Political novel— "Lothair."
"Novel written with a purpose — "Uncle
Tom's Cabin."
Imaginative novel — "She."
Humorous novel— "Pickwick."
Irish novel— "Charles O'Malley."
Scotch novel— "Heart of Midlothian. w
Engli.-b novel— "Vanity Fair."
American novel — "The Scarlet Letter."
The mo>t popular norel of all — "Vanity
Fair."— London Grapftic.
j-ijw THE^EMPORIUiyi; J __JTHE^JEMPORrUM.
| Concerts Wednesday and Saturday, 8 P.M. rjj
A -■■, DON'T FAIL TO VISIT THE ART GALLERY THIS WEEK— Two &
jP of the Paintings on exhibition have a world-wide reputation. " .•;."..- |j
*5 " The Condemned and His 'Betrothed." Last visit i before the execution, by |j
W David. From gallery of Jerome 'Bonaparte. And ' 3
M t . "Marius at Carthage,',' : by Chas. Le'Brun. Tainted during' the reign of A
Si Louis XIV. ...Obtained from the Hunter Gallery. New York. • . .|T
01 FOR StALE, \Art Gallery, second floor, Market-street front. \ V-Jj
f, r ' :V. SAN FRANCISCO, July 14, 1896. \ %
A . Great crowds of people here Monday— thousands upon thousands— yet m
IP at no time "crowded" because the World's Grandest Store easily accom- «
ib modates 25,000 people. , Some departments were greatly rushed, but &
■ prompt, careful service was rendered to every customer. Better values 2?
» , than San Francisco has ever known are , offered on all lines of ' seasonable %
V% i merchandise. : /r '-1 : , • ;:.;..■. \, ■;• '■, •..-.,, /- 1
I THE CLEARING SALE CONTINUES. i
I THIS IS WASH FABRIC DAY AT THE BIG STORE. s
IT - The pretty Cotton fabrics that you want— not , those ', that others did not c
ft want, as is the v case in other dry-goods stores at this season. Other *
» stocks' have ' been picked over for months— no ', "left-overs" here. • Our
I Wash Fabrics are but six weeks old, and are being added to daily from the «
ft great manufacturers' dosing sales in the East Buy for next year now. t|
* 5 It will pay'you. • . •'• ; -
\ i Standard -^ m^- m^' m^n^ Rne • - -. |
F Percales. 1 p^&»A)-'>^ 1 Dimities. J
% Positively per- I  "^yTj^ —^r^sfcirr 1 Nice Sheer 1
IB full yard proof , J __i — sjffl tIM> — i'r^ttjvn J ] Dimities in J
I full yard wide, ts **Sg££&^^l\crw M pretty' Dresden gj
ft, dots, stripes, §■• • '""W^?/^-- "-S A \^' ■ % designs,, dots, «
to figures, always if -r^ r *4^Xr-^ '"" 1 r rings, stripes, J
•■ . ■ i? > i : 2C. 300 -a ■ • -^P^lJ^^y'/. , i etc. The regu- <f
- pieces now • § > // X^O^'^X '' i lar I2^c grade. \
jp . 8 l-3c a Yard •|- -/ . \jM \V|^^V j,Bc a Yard. J
i Linnett f "^r-. ~ z: ?^-\^t~~^^^ j ' \c •
I Shirtings. I /^'x~E^^ r I D Ttt I
I I better' ton I-/ /M- 1 DUCket^- '
ff Percales, next »■ . • • | [ J • A new lot of -<a
w to linen infirm- » M**""^ ill ci these attractive m
» ness, and fine- ¥ l\\ - ' V\l ' I 1 woven- -goods- ' 1
JT ' ness of weave, » A' Vi ' \1 I '• M received last «
]§ 32 inches wide, gj • A \ \\\ « week » fastest %
% patterns pretty, . jf , \l \\ \\ JL^ la. seller in the ; 1
If colors fast. An |L < \ N^S. ' \l •• -J - house, actually c
ft ideal material. *§ . \ - X^ 5^ : H=«»*- c worth 15c a *
» for Women's If .\ \v X^ik « yard. That » J
I Waists and ft \ A J^J^^^ J • was the ■ price $
% Men's . Outing | I \ \ j^^^ | the Ist of July. \
% Shirts. Instead f s^£ //^ ~\ 'The price. TO- J
1 8 l-3c a Yard 9 |-2c a Yard .« '11
I Glasgow Dimities Scotch* Zephyrs. §
I And ORGAN DI R AYES, which is , Whitlaw's beautiful GINGHAMS . J
w in reality a Dimity masquerading in stripes and checks— almost as lus- .©
:^' under another name— in beautiful trous as silk— never sold in San f!
jo - Dresden designs— raised stripes run- Francisco before for less than 35c.
f ning the length of the piece/resem- Offered NOW at . - r-i^Wvv;, . - $1
ft. bling Coronation Braid. The width 29c a Yard ' «
,X is 30 inches. They were bought -to •. ■«««• .
f sell at : - the EMPORIUM : for * 15c. .1 : n « , C W : CG ■- \ '4 il
The clearing sale price . mien . owias. «t
(£ ' < 10c * a Yard. \ All-Linen Dotted ' Swiss— small '
w • pinhead- and medium-sized woven «
M . * . :i; : . -• white dots on natural color — per. $[
;P Imperial Organdie cent less than regular price. , . J
SOr _ IMPERIAL MOUSSELINE— 35c 4Oc^4sc, 50c. ' §
W, one' of the "widest Cotton 'fabrics /»«♦*«,„ d"^""^! />i *v
% .made— full [v 39; Jnches wide— very , Cotton Bicycle Cloth. J
|1 sheer— delicate color effects— In Mixed colorings— Browns and %
II ranted fast— 10 yards : would be Grays— one .of the . most - popular •$3
9 ample for any dress pattern. In- novelties in the Cotton Goods world W
«. stead of 25c special price. . . , this season. Clearing sale price . .$)
.•H,.. I4c a Yard. 15c a Yard. %
I The Emporium, San Francisco f
1 'li"" ' BRASS BEDS 1
JKS BW jß^. Kjk <^ m " m ' f FOLDING BEDS'
/SjlTjTrjßr^^^^yWWWn "Wire and Hair ita>
Hr /I rt r~ r^fS wtr i Commodes, Back Kes^i
*WUHiRft3Y w\ Sew Jloutgomorr
"1 8 THE VERY BKBTOSB TO EXAMINS V *^ V | ife'tJfF'sV*** 11 *
■J. your eyes and lit mem to Spectacles and Ey»- —— .Hotel, a. X.
glasses with lastrumenta of hia ova Invention. I ■■ '■ - • ■-• ■ •■ • ■.■•■-■
' whoeesnperiority has not beoa equaled. iij «u> > tBBSBQBGSBB -■-■ WJLLCOX COMPOUND - •
UMlian been due to the merits 01 my WOC&- , * Ifl^y — . «•*> m «■%
wEiii/r to order. : |V J*llwi ■ W PmLL-S
BICYCLES BULT TO ORDER. -feiS-^HT^H
— — . CO., 258 SOUTH eighth ST.. i>HI LA DA., PA.
Expert Cycle Repairing ; > " ■ •■ . . ■ '"'■'. , '.*-.:.. -,- •■.' ~~ : .
FOB THE , TRADE A SPECIALTY. D E W E Y &■ CO.j^^
•' ■• ••■-.-■ . .._...... Hcj* /^^" r * ui.ii»iiiii.iui— ■ in. || 1 1 -yyo».n./^^
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS, t^ "PAT E N T S^ x\
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F. f^RKEX" S.t7s.F^bS^
■ Lcll vJv5^L v3l^.tzs •
IfeJL **Mr JBBI 1 & WM
AWT.-' r^H fcSte-**. ''X_ * *^»*t, «. HC£aW; F^H
56
3** aejß**,
CHARLES M. StiOKTRIDGB,
Editor and Proprietor. •' '-
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Cals., one week, by currier. .$0.16
Daily and Sunday Can* one year, by mall ... 8.00
Daily and Snnday Calx, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Caia, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. ; .66
Sunday Cam, one year, by ma 11..... —•"."• 1.60 !
KKFKX.Y Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to th» couatry on a vacation? If
kO, It 1* no trouble for ns to forward THE CALL to
j#ur address. Do not let It mlsa you for yon will
mis* It. Orders given tc the carrier or left at
Business Office . will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone .' Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone • Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open tJattl
30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
713 Larfcia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-W. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
1 16 -Math street; open until 9 •'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE t
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and- 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DA YIP M. >OLT7.. Special Agent.
TUESDAY. ...JULY 14,1896
THE CALL SPEAKS- FOR ALL. „
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PREBIDKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, of Ohio
FOR TICK-PKESI DENT-
GARRET A. HOB ART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
The first duty is registration.
Register early and avoid the rush.
Get your name on the voting list and
secure your rights as a citizen.
The only way to ratify your citizenship
is to register your name as a voter.
The people cheer McKinley because his
speeches for prosperity cheer them.
Mr. Bryan will probably announce him*
self as the advance agent of a circus.
Remember you cannot vote for McKin
ley and prosperity unless you register.
Bryan announces he will not be a can
didate for re-election and the country
smiles.
If the Populists do not surrender to
Democracy this year they will capture it
in 1898.
He who does not register as soon as he
can may find himself barred ont before he
knows it.
Democracy in the East will have to make
its campaign with dodgers, for it has no
newspapers.
The only thing in New York that pre
tends to approve of the Bryan ticket is the
Tammany tiger.
We may count Kentucky in the Repub
lican column, for even the Courier' Journal
cannot stand the Altgeld ticket.
We have tried free trade in wool and
have lost millions by it. Now what Cal
ifornian wishes to try it any longer?
Democracy may ignore the tariff issue,
but it cannot ignore the people who de
mand protection for their industries.
Bland will be satisfied if he can obtain a
re-election to Coneress. In fact almost
any office would be a poultice for his sore
spot.
Solid Democrats are coming over to the
side of protection and prosperity, and there
will soon be nothing left of the Democracy
but the wind-bags.
The Republican party is the only party
of the whole Union, and the only party of
the whole people. It will be supported by
good citizens everywhere.
The Democratic faction under Bryan's
leadership has already raised the cry
against corporations, and before long it
will be yelling against property of all kinds.
Business men of all parties, of all sec
tions and of all industries are declaring
for McKinley because they know that his
election would result in good business
for all.
In deciding to go to New York to receive
the official notice of his nomination the
boy orator shows a desire for grand stand
plays tbat will soon make him the laugh
ing stock of the country.
The attempt to make the Democrats and
the Populists of the Southern States fuse
into one harmonious whole will require
the raising of the St. Louis convention to
a white heat, and even then it may fail.
There is not an industry in California
that would not be injured by the adoption
of Bryan's free-trade policy, and no in
dustrious Californian can vote for him
without voting against the interests of the
State.
In trying to perform the circus act of
riding the Democratic donkey and the
Populist horse at the same time the
nimble Bryan will first have to induce
them to move in the same direction at
something like the same rate of speed.
Eastern papers are already discussing
the make-up of the McKinley cabinet, and
while the talk is somewhat premature, it
is pleasine to note that a general senti
ment prevails in favor of Tom Reed for
Secretary of State. It ia certain he would
give ns a foreign policy of the American
kind.
Since the Democratic party has been
discredited by the Cleveland administra
tion, disorganized by the rivalries of
demagogues and divided by the outrages
of the Chicago convention it can no longer
claim the allegiance of its former voters
and those who have business interests or
business sense are leaving it by scores.
Th« election of Bryan would mean a
period of political, industrial and social
disturbance, which would seriously affect
the welfare of every home, and might lead
even to riots and bloodshed. The times
are too critical to take risks with the Gov
ernment. All good citizens must stand
with the Republican party this year and
Tote for law against lawlessness.
THE DIFFERENCE.
It was a short but masterly speech Mr.
McKinley made before the Foraker Club.
The Chicago convention has just com
pleted its work of declaring for a sectional
policy should its nominees be elected.
Trie whole country stood ap] ailed at the
triumph of Altgeldism over the conserva
tive element of the convention. The news
had been conveyed to Mr. McKinley and it
was then that the Foraker Club of Cleve
land marched up and as he addressed its
members and the large crowd that fol
lowed, he seemed to gather fresh inspira
tion at each word spoken. He said there
is now "imposed upon the people of this
country a responsibility and a duty greater
than any since the Civil War." "It was a
contest to save the Union then," he said.
We all know what the people did in that
contest and we have unbounded faith that
they will do their duty well and
thoroughly in this contest between the
honor, the integrity and the prosperity of
the country, and the efforts of the Bryans
and the Altselds and the Tillmans to set
community against community and sec
tion against section, and then turn the
country over to the mercy of foreign mills
and factories.
In concluding his speech, Mr. McKinley
said: "Our creed embraces an honest
dollar, an untarnished National credit,
adequate revenues for the uses of the Gov
ernment, protection to labor and industry,
preservation of the home market and
reciprocity which will extend our foreign
markets." This differs from the creed of
the Chicago convention as widely as mid
night differs from midday. No one need
be told of the importance of an honest
dollar— dollars of gold and silver and
paper — not silver or gold or paper exclu
sively, nor is there a man so stupid who
does not know that money is required to
maintain the Government. The question
is, then, Shall we oblige foreign makers of
\ goods and wares who fetch their products
i to our markets to contribute the required
I sums of money needed for the Nation's
■ expense account? Or shall we let them
come free of toll, and oblige our ov/n peo
ple to contribute from their income? Mr.
| Bryan says the latter is the better way,
i and Mr. McKinley says such a policy
j would close all our shops and mills and
I cast adrift in idleness our millions of
'. wage-earners. Is not Mr. McKinley right?
It does not become the new Democracy
to talk about ''Lombard street and Brit
ish-American syndicates" in condemna
tion and charge the Republican party with
I encouraging "gold relations" with Europe.
I It is the central idea of the Republican
party that other countries shall not com
pete on equal ground with our people in
our people's markets, but that they must
pay a good round tax for that privilege.
But the Bryan- Altgeld central idea is that
foreign goods and wares shall not only be
let in free to override our merchants and
manufacturers, but that they should be
encouraged to come. McKinley stands for
American markets for the products of
Americans, and Mr. Bryan stands for
American markets for foreign products.
Tnat is the difference between the new
Democracy and old Republicanism, which
is the same yesterday, to-day and forever.
THE OUTLOOK.
Tammany declares for Bryan and will
do its level best to defeat him. Tammany
came into the world in 1779, for the one
purpose of controlling the offices of New
York City first and of the State next. As
an organization it has never belted the
nomination of the party's National candi
dates, nor has it ever failed to trade votes
with the other side. That is to say, it will
throw the whole of its influence against
Bryan for votes for its local candidate?.
Already the edict has gone forth that no
Bryan Democrat must be elected to Con
gress, and no doubt the sachems will go to
the verge of jeopardizing the local ticket
to carry the Congressional districts in the
country. Tammany's programme will be,
if it adheres to its old methods, to work
up as strong a boom as possible for Bryan,
so as to be in a position to dictate terms
when it comes to selling ont Bryan for
control of New York City and the election
of certain Democratic Congressmen. But,
in any event, Tammany will see to it that
Bryan does not get the electoral vote of
New York State. It could not afford to
let the candidate of a convention that
turned its great sachems down with a dull
thud, as they were, carry the State, for it
would mean that the organization had
lost its grip.
When the secret of Bryan going to the
largest hall in New York City to be noti
fied of bis nomination is out it will be
found tbat Tammany's tine Italian hand
managed it all. Bryan will thrill his au
dience with superficial enthusiasm, but
before the echo of his last word has died
away the support of Tammany, including
its country annexes, and it has one in
every county of the State, will be offered
to the Republican campaign committee.
It would suit the sachems better to have
McKinley carry the State by a quarter of
a million than by the skin of the teeth,
for such a majority against Bryan would
be an object lesson to future conventions
in the direction of magnifying Tam
many's importance.
There i? no doubt at all that not only
Tammany but all other Eastern Demo
crats understand that the election of
Bryan would transfer the center of au
thority, as well as the power of conferring
bosships, to the West, and that they will
not tolerate nor will they take many
chances. Whenever the Democratic party
refuses to be dominated by the East, the
East will have no Democrats, except to
control State and Congressional elections.
As for the South, it is a little early yet to
make anything like a correct estimate of
the number of States that will return Mc-
Kinley electors, but West Virginia, Ken
tucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana and
Missouri can be counted upon with cer
tainty. In Louisiana all parties are pledged
to demand a Government sugar bounty.
Such a sugar bounty as was provided for
in the tariff act of 1890 insures the distribu
tion of fully $12,000,000 a year to the sugar
planters, and as sugar is the leading in
dustry, pretty much all the people are
deeply interested in its prosperity. In
deed.wtthout a bounty the industry would
have to go out of business. Bryan is un
alterably opposed to the Government pay
ing sugar bounties. He thinks it is very
wicked and leads to immorality,
Alabama, Tennessee and West Virginia
are rivals of Pennsylvania in the coal, coke
and iron business, but they stand with
Pennsylvania in demanding protection.
Several hundred million dollars hare been
invested in the States named in recent
years to develop the mineral resources and
establish furnaces, mills ano factories, and
naturally the people are now protection
ists. A great many cotton-mills have
been erected recently in several of the
Southern States, and cotton-growers want
the mills protected against foreign pauper
labor bo that they may get better prices
for their output. As for Missouri, Bland
could probably carry the State, but Bryan's
nomination secures the electoral vote to
McKinley for many reasons. The principal
cities of Missouri are trying very hard to
become manufacturing centers, and they
know Very well that they need protection
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
more than the old-established industrial
enterprises of the East, and as business is
business the State can be counted upon to
vote for protection. When Mr. Bryan
talkß about tho "Solid South" for him he
reveals a good deal of ignorance of what
the people down there want and will have.
"ALTGELD'S CONTAGION."
The esteemed San Francisco Examiner
has caught the "Altgeld contagion," and
it lifts its voice in the song of "down with
the trusts and monopolies." meaning cap
ital employed in industrial enterprises.
The Chicago platform sounds the key note
of the song, but somehow tho signers
leave out the burning words in showy
rhetoric which tell of the beauties of sec
tarianism. The Examiner should sing the
whole sone, and incidentally it mighty refer
to the bloated shipbuilder who adorns
the tail of the Bryan ticket. But a polit
ical campaign tnat is waged on sectional
lines, and which denounces certain sec
tions of the country and applauds others,
will hardly find favor with the people of
the United States. It is unquestionably
the right of the Democratic party to pre
sent its candidate to the country and ask
the people's support, but it has no right
to set State against State and business in
terest aeainst business interest. It was
hoped the party had enough of sectional
ism during the National administration
which followed James Buchanan's retire
ment from the Presidency to last it for all
time.
There are trusts and there are monopo
lies in this country, as there are and have
always been in every country, but no trust
nor monopoly was ever heard of that had
in mind such a combination of selfish as
well as destroying purpose as the platform
of the Examiner' t party contemplates in
its "interior States" scheme for monopo
lizing the commerce of the country. If a
gigantic monopoly is not contemplated,
and if it is not the purpose of Altgeld &
Co. to control Government appropriations
for internal improvements in the interest
of the interior States — the Mississippi
Valley country— to the neglect and harm
of the balance of the country, then why
was that particular plant so worded? But
as to the so-called trusts and monopo
lies having come to the support of Mq-
Kinley because he is their friend, why
that kind of talk belittles the intelligence
of the people. It is true that employed
capital is identifying itself with the Re
publican party, and so is mechanical
skill and brawn coming to the support of
McKiniey, and very naturally so because
each feels that it needs to be protected in
its rights against Altgeldism. The skill
of the mechanic is his capital just as the
dollars of his employer are his capital, and
they are willing to "trust" each other in
this great battle for the best interests of
both.
No doubt it is true that all the great cor
porations are coming out for McKinley.
They are employers of workingruen and
they know that if Bryan is elected their
employes will be forced into idleness and
their own capital threatened. If business
firms and companies and chartered organi
zations are coming to McKinley it is be
cause they fear that the triumph of Alt
geldism would bankrupt them. The to is
no sentiment in commerce, nor is there
any in money. It is a matter of no conse
quence to either who is President of the
United States. AH they want to know is
that they will be protected against those
things which destroy commerce and
threaten the safety of money. The decla
ration of the party which Mr. McKinley
represents is tnat all interests, from the
opportunity of the laborer to the mam
moth industrial plant, shall have ample
protection and encouragement without
discrimination or favoritism. The decla
ration of the party which Mr. Bryan rep
resents is that sectionalism shall obtain;
that certain State?, together with their
trusts, monopolies and capital combina
tions, shall have precedence in the care of
the Government. If such a policy were
carried out no doubt great good would
come to the favored States, but that kind
of a. government would be dangerous to
people and industries beyond the confines
of the favored belt. In view of tnese
things cannot thft Tftawfacr see that self
preservation is what is sending the busi
ness and labor interests of the country to
the support of Mr. McKinley? The whole
matter resolves itself into a plain, com
mon-sense business proposition.
FUSION AT ST. LOUIS.
The cunningly devised scheme of Alt
geld, Tillman and others to obtain from
the Populist Convention at St. Louis an
indorsement of the Democratic Presiden
tial ticket is likely to go as far astray as
did the plans of the Republican bolters to
bring about the nomination of Teller at
Chicago. The two schemes are of a simi
lar nature and the fate of the one presnges
the fate of the other.
In some of the prairie States a fusion of
Democrats and Populists may be effected.
Such fusions have taken place in the past,
and while they always resulted in con
fusion wherever a victory was gained it
may be possible to induce men to try
them again. In the far West, however,
there are several States where there is
taaVdly a Democratic party at all, and in
those States the Populist leaders are
hardly fools enough to surrender their
organization for the sake of the few votes
that possibly might be gained by fusion.
In this State the ablest Populist leaders
have already declared themselves against
the proposition and the Pacific Coast dele
gates will, as a rule, be against it in the
convention.
It will be in dealing with the delegates
from the Southern States that the fusion
managers will find their greatest difficulty.
In that section of the Union the Populists
are much more likely to fuse with Re
publicans than with their bilter oppo
nents, the Bourbon Democrats. The men
from Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi
who have teen their voters crowded from
the polls by Democratic bulldozers and
their candidates counted out by the dis
honesty of Democratic election officers
will hardly be willing to yield themselves
up in abject surrender to the very party
which has most wronged them and in
sulted them in every election since the
Populist party was organized.
If the Populists were a well-organized,
well-disciplined body, with a popular Pres
idential candidate of its own, it would be
easy to see that the convention would not
indorse Bryan. It is simply because the
party lacks coherence that any uncertainty
is felt regarding the probable action at St.
Louis. Most of the delegates wiil be men
who have had very little experience in the
conduct of political affairs. They will
find at St. Louis no leaders to whom they
will yield a prompt following. They have
been in the habit of going their own way,
and when they meet will he abont as divided
in mind and uncertain in temper as were
the Democrats at Chicago. Tney will be
liable, therefore, to be stampeded either
for Democracy or against Democracy at
any time after the proceedings begin.
It is the uncertainty in the minds of the
delegates which gives interest to the con
vention. No one can at present foresee
from what quarter a stampeding power
may come, if, indeed, it cornea at all. Tha
clear-headed farmers in the body may be
able to keep their balance, no matter what
happens, and if they do no oratory will be
sufficiently persuasive to induce the Popu
lists of the far West to surrender to a dis
credited Democracy or the Populists of the
South to support a party whose success
would mean a continuance in their States
of a domineering oligarchy against which
they have battled for years.
A PAIR OF THEM.
H must have been very funny to hear j
John R. McLean urging upon delegates
the importance of making "more money
Endless misery" a conspicuous feature of
the warcry. Mr. McLean's wealth is es
timated at $5,000,000, and the misery of
beinjr snowed under by Bryan is the only
distress he knows anything about. He in
herited a few million dollars, and he is
himself a pretty thrifty speculator, but no
one ever Leard of Philanthropist John R.
McLean, nor has he any honest sympathy
with the silver wing of the Democratic
party. He is a gold bug by nature, asso
ciation and inclination, but he has been
longing for office many years without
anything turning up his way. No doubt
he thought the free-silver play would fetch
him something, else he would not have
departed from the way of his father, who
was a Democrat of the Thomas H. Benton
school.
Altgeld, too, must have amused those
who know him to be worth all of $4,000,
-000 when he went about whining for
something in the platform that would en
courage the "downtrodden poor." Alt
geld 's name is not found on the list of
Chicago's liDeral givers to the pbor, but,
like McLean, he makes a vast difference
between standing for the poor for political
advantage and standing between the poor
and starvation for charity's sake. It is
just such men as Altgeld and McLean
that disgust the great middle class with
politics, and all parties have men of that
sort. Even the Populist party has a follow
ing of very rich men, but of course they
are there for personal eain. In this con
nection it may be said that every one of
the prominent candidates for the Republi
can nomination at St. Louis has the repu
tation of being a liberal giver to the poor.
WILL DO GOOD WORK.
St. Helena Star.
John D. Spreckols of Sau Francisco was se
lected as the National Committeeman for Cali
fornia by the St. Louis convention. Mr.
Spreckeis is a young man, rich, patriotic and
ambitious. He desires to lead that he may
become a leader, not from mercenary motives.
He will ao good work, and although be baa not
had many years of experience in political life
he will take wise counsel and the Republican
party will pront thereby.
ONLY A BLUE LINE.
Yreka Journal.
The Republican party is before the country
with an admirable ticket and an excellent
platform, and it is the battle line of that party
that is the only barrier between the march to
power of the silver-standard bearers "It is
only that blue line," said General Hood at the
battle of Franklin, in Tennessee, pointing to
the army under command of Schotield, "that
stands between us and tbe Ohio River. Break
that aud the country is ours." Then the wild
charge was made in'which eleven Contederate
generals were killed iv fifteen minutes. The
blue, Hue was one of impregnable tire, and
ir»m tne fierce flame spread a storm of death.
The line that guards the honor and safety of
the Republic is the Republican front, aud Mc-
Kink-y is the leader, and it will prove invin
cible. Republican defeat would mean the loss
of a generation of opportunity and prosper
ity, and tim the stagnation of civilization and
then a drift toward barbarism.
CYCLING IN ENGLAND.
England continues to be disturbed by the
intrusion of tUe American bicycle. A late
London journal says: Cycling is playing iis
part in revolutionizing the old social order in
tbe country. Ancient inns are taking new Hie
everywhere from the visits of crowds of thirsty
cyclists at week ends, bnt now the great coun
try houses are to suffer cbange, too. Sheen
House, a fine spacious mansion standing on
the edge of Richmond Park, is to be taken by
the cyclists and changed into a clubhouse.
The grounds, twenty-two acres in extent, are
10 oe laid out in cycling tracks and tennis
courts, and are to give «cope for every sort of
amusement. The house, with a fine suite of
rooms 011 the ground door, is to be well fitted
up as a club. Thirty bedrooms are to be fitted
up for gentlemen members, and regular board
and lodging provided for those ■who wish
to stay.
Excursions are to be organized to places'of
interest which abound in the neighborhood
and the institution made to provide every
thing that the cyclist'a heart could wish for.
The situation ii good, for it lies within about
seven miles from Charing Cross, by a good
roud with little traffic upon it. If it succeeds,
Richmond Park will sooa be vying with Bat
teraetand Hyde parks in its attractions lor
cyclists; but it will be strange to see the old
country-house, with its historic associations—
for it was there that the Comte de Paris lived
— turned to such modern uses. If the auven
ture succeeds it will soon be common news to
hear that this and that country-house has been
taken by the cyclists, just as the news comes
from lime to time that some great municipal
ity has bought up a fine estate and mansion
and made it people's property. Thus will the
countryside soon change from the old order
to the new.
The ladies' cycling gymkhana, which is to
take place at the Ranelagh Club on Saturday
week, is likely to produce many striking nov
elties in the fashionable pastime. Besides t'uc
ordinary flat cycling racing, there are to be
several exhibitiona of fancy riding, auch as
side-raddle riding, and riding a bicycle and
trundling a hoop at the game time.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"William," she said, "will you do aomething
that is for your own good?'*
"What is it?"
"I want you to give up smoking. You are
simply ruining your health and my lace cur
tains."—Washington Star.
She— Have you heard tbat our minister ia to
be tried for heresy ?
He — Yes; it is quite a distinction for so
young a man.— Brooklyn Life.
Mrs. Wilson, a very prominent lady, tried to
get Mrs. Jones' cook away from her, and
actually went to Mrs. Jones' house when she
was out and offered the cook more money.
The next time they met at a big dinner Mrs.
Jones didn't notice her. some one who sat be
tween them said :
"Mrs. Jones, you know Mrs. Wilson, do you
not?"
"No, I believe not She sometimes calls on
my cook, I understand, but we do not extend
those courtesies. Waiter, another Ice."—Bos
ton Traveler.
She — It seems s trange tbat men are no longer
willing to do deadly combat for the love of
woman.
He— Ain't it queer, thought Especially when
women have so much more money of their own
these days.— lndianapolis Journal.
Tommy Traddles— l had th« measles harder'n
you did, so there 1
Johnny Parvenue— Huh! That'a nothing.
I got my measles from tbe Astobuilt children!
—Truth.
A housefly whose buzz is keyed In F vibrates
his wings 335 times a second. When a victim
with a bald head happens to hit him he fiata
awfully.— Lowell Courier.
Mrs. Nuwed (to clerk)— Have you any wax
for polished floors?
Clerk— No; we only have j-ealing wax.
Mrs. Nuwed— Well, that will da If it's for
the ceiling, I suppose it will do for the floor
just as well?— Washington Times.
Conductor— How old are you, my little girir
Little Girl— lf the company aoesn'tobject 1' i
prefer to pay full fare aud retain my own sta
tistics.—Judge.
Jinks (at a variety entertainment)— That fel
low in front of ua was about the only one who
didn't applaud tbe good old song, "Don't
Despise a Man Because He Wears a Ragged
Coat." He must be a regular aristocrat, isn't
he?
Blinks— Well, I dunno. Maybe he'a 1 tailor.—
New York Weekly.
PERSONAL.
John Drew is at the Palace again.
E. P. Bernhard of Fresno is at the Lick.
H. B. Pringle of San Rafael is at the Baldwin.
Dr. G. 11. McCann of Santa Cruz is at the
Grand.
Hany Nlmmons of Stockton is a late arrival
at the Russ.
W. A. Atlee of Santa Barbara has a room at
the Occidental.
J. 11. Hill and wife of Selma are staying at
tne Cosmopolitan.
H. A. Preston, a mining man of Jamestown,
is visiting at the Grand.
E. G. Crow of St. Louis ia at the Occidental,
with his wife and child.
CX. Kepbart and wife of Angela Camp are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
C. J. McCracken, a merchant of Portland,
Or., is registered at the Grand.
W. s. Barrett of Kingstown, Ireland, Is
among the guestfe at the Palace.
Dr. W. C. Brumfield, a physician of Porter
ville, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
George McMullen, who keeps a hotel at Fort
Bragg, is making a visit at the Grand.
General N. P. Chipman, the attorney, of Red
Bluff, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
A. P. Wolville, a mining man from Grass
Valley, is making a visit at the Grand.
T. Tatsuno and K. Otsuka, merchants of
Japan, are guests at the Cosmopolitan.
Mm. H. Welsh, the wife of Attorney Welsh of
Fresno, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
H. E. Polk, wife and child, of Lincoln, Cal.,
are among those registered at the Palace.
Charles L. Fair engaged apartments at the
California yesterday for himself and wife.
W. H. Kirkman of Walla Walla, Wash., ia
among yesterday's arrivals at the Baldwin.
G. W. Schmidt, a wine-maker of St. Helena,
is one of the guests recently arrived at the
Lick.
E. C. Stuart, a well-known citizen of Port
land, Or., is one of the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
T. W. Phelps, one of those Interested In the
Los Angeles oil wells, is a late arrival at the
Grand.
J. W. Lane and Woodson Garrand, mining
men of Angels Camp, are registered at the
Grand.
Rev. J. N. McCarthy of Riverside and Rev.
J. Barron of Los Angeles are guests at the
Grand.
Dr. B. W. Rees of The Needles has returned
to the Grand after a few days' absence from
the City.
State Controller E. P. Colgan is down from
Sacramento and is making the Lick his head
quarters.
Samuel Porter, who has extensive real-estate
interests near Martinez, is at the Grand on a
short visit.
A. C. Rosendale, a merchant of Pacific
Grove, is staying at the Grand during a busi
ness visit.here.
George Webb Alexander, the Market-street
merchant, will return from the East about the
middle of August.
W. 11. Mills, agent for the land depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Railroad, is a
guest at the Palace.
George West, one of the largest wine-makers
In the State, is a guest at the Occidental, regis
tered from Stockton.
William Edwards of Upper Lake returned
last night from a trip to Boston and took a
room at the California.
C. E. a Wood, a lawyer oi Portland, Or., is
at the California with bis son Erskiue and his
daughter Nanny Wood.
George E. Goodman Jr.. who is engaged in
the banking business at Napa with his father,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Colonel L. 8. Babbitt of tbe United States
army, stationed at Benicia. registered at the
Occidental yesterday with his son, E. B. Bab
bitt.
Rev. A. P. Anderson of Santa Clara is at the
Occidental. He says that bis initials were as
good as anybody else's when he first came by
them.
George Baker and wife, C. J. M. Pourhu and
George T. Myers, all of Portland, Or., were pas
sengers on the Columbia last night from the
north.
H. Tanbenheimer and wife and Misa Flor
ence and Miss Mabel Taubenheimer of Port
land, Or, arrived at the Palace last night from
the north.
C. A. Walker and A. E. Walker, sons of the
weli-known Salt Lake banker, returned to the
Occidental yesterday, after spending several
weeks at Del Mon te.
Rev. C. O'Connor of Ukish is at the Grand.
He was in town to attend the funeral of li is
townsman, the late John P. Buckingham,
editor and politician.
C. J. Cox of Delano, son of Fred Cox, the Sac
ramento banker, arrived at the Grand ye«er
day with his family. He has charge of a large
ranch in the San Joaquiu Valiey.
Senator C. A. Dolph of Oregon is at the Cali
fornia In company with 11. A. Elliot, a bank
clerk, and Charles E. Ladd, a bat k president,
and all are registered from Portland, Or.
n. Fischer, manager ana ore of the stock
holders of a great tea plantation at Buxa
Duar, Bengal, India, returned to the Palace
yesterday after visiting the Yosemite. From
here he will go East, his destination being his
old home in Germany.
T. S. C. Lowe of Pasadena is at the Palace.
Mount Lowe, the scenic attraction near Paga
dena, is named after Kirn, and the inclined
railway up its slope is his property. Professor
Lowe is now building a hotel at Pasadena with
300 rooms, in order to ttccommodate tourists
and health-seekers.
Donald Ross of Ross A Hewlett returned to
this City yesterday after a visit to Point
Arena and other places in Mer.docino County.
He drove from Ukiau to the coast. At Point
ATena he says the Government is having
a new fog signal station built further from the
surf than the old one, which has been under
mined by tbe waves and rendered untenant
aele. The improvement is a notable one, as
Point Arena Is probably the most important
point to coastwise vessels bound for this port.
Collins Landing, the old lumber shipping sta
tion, has been nbandoned. The Five Brothers,
which left there a few days ago, was the last
vessel to go from the landing. The lumber
business is so dull that a number of lumber
camps have been abandoned and several mills
have shut down. But all things are not so un
prosperous. Some time ago the Fish Commis
sioners stocked the Garcia River with rain
bow and Eastern trout. Tne fish have done
remarkably weli. High up the river there is
unusually fine fishing.
MISSES' ROUND WAIST.
The waist shown here is made with a fitted
lining, over which the goods Is laid In one
piece for the back, and in the front is like
wise seamless, with gathers at neck and belt.
The sailor collar is adjustable, so that other
trimmings or accessories may be worn.
A dress of white mohair, designed for even
ing wear, had a sailor collar of primrose yel-
low velvet, with applique of guiouro lace.
The belt and collar were cf Dresden ribbon in
white, with yellow lines, rose-colored flowers
*nd black edges. These latter, being made
adjustable, the gown could be changed en
tirely by a fichu of bluej chiffon, with velvet
belt and collar of the same shade of blue. A
narrow pleating of chiffon trimmed the edge
of the fichu.
A brown serge dress was biightened by a
collar of velveteen in black and green and
brown checks.
A blue alpaca had a collar of black and
white cheeked velveteen trimmed with gold
braia. A gilt belt was worn with this.
A waist of Dresden silk in brown was made
with a collar of the silk. Pale green velvet
formed a belt and stock collar.
A batiste dress of the new plaids, showing
blue and yellow threads, had a collar of blue
de soie, the soft silk with n satin finish. A
belt and stock collar completed this dainty
gown.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
BRYAN'S CHANCES.
How He May Receive Populist Votes and
Be Elected.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
As I stated in a former letter there is
not the remotest possibility that Mr. Bryan
can be elected by the Democracy. Even it one
third of the party had not rejected him and
his platform, but remained loyal to gold,
there would be no hope of success without the
support of the Populists. The fond and per
sistent delusion of Democrats, in the face of
reason and common-sense, that the Populists
would abandon their own organization to vote
for even so popular a candidate as Bryan upon
a platform in many respects wholly antagonis
tic to Populist convictions and then be classed
and counted as Democrats, will soon be dis
pelled even trom muddled Democratic brains.
There is only one way possible by which
Mr. Bryan, Mr. Teller or any other man can
receive the nomination of tne Populist Na
tional Convention at St. Louis, and that is to
come before the convention after the platform
has been adopted and before the assembled
delegates declare in plain and unequivocal
words that he accepts the principles enunci
ated in the platform and will stand upon it
openly and honorably, and if elected, ne will
calJ to his aid distinguished, sound and loyal
Populists as members of his Cabinet; also that
a due and full share of all his appointments
shall be true and tried Populists. On these
terms alone is it possible as I believe for Mr.
Bryan or any other man to receive the support
ana votes of the People's party.
The persistent taunting of Mr. Bryan since
his nomination with Populistic affiliations by
Republican and Democratic newspapers com
mitted to gold and McKinley may have a sig
nificance which will be fully understood when
the People's party National Convention assem
bles July 22. I am half inclined to surmise
that It means more than an ordinary partisan
slur. It may point to a secret understanding
between the prominent Populists in attend
ance on the Chicago convention and the sup
porters of Mr. Bryan. It may be that Mr. Bryan
and his lollowing have agreed that be shall go
before the Populist convention and openly ac
cept their platform as their candidate, on con
dition tbat he shall receive their nomination
and deal fairly by them In appointments, bnt
I still doubt it. Yet it may prove to be true.
The question then arises: How could he
stand on a Populist platform which cannot be
made to harmonize with his Democratic plat
form? It is a difficult question to answer, but
only one answer can be given: The adoption
of a substitute platform disposes of the first
one, as a second will or contract supersedes and
sets aside the first, in so far as it differs from it
in any of its specific declarations. Even such
a pledge given by the candidate might fail to
satisfy a dangerously large element in the Peo
ple's party, as it is not a party given to making
compromises and is, in fact, a parly of deep
rooted and stubborn convictions.
Assuming, however, that Mr. Bryan and the
National Democratic Committee have come to
such as understanding with representative
Populists that all the obstacles in the way of
its consummation may be finally and fully
overcome and ho has been duly and even
unanimously nominated by the Populist con
vention, there will yet remain the Democratic
contingency to be considered and pacified.
How Is that to be done? I may answer this
question pretty nearly by asking, where will
silver Democrats go if they reject Mr. Bryan
as an avowed and pledged Populist? It may
I be true that the great majority of his Demo
» cratic supporters would not be deeply erieved
to vote for him as an out-and-out Populist.
Turning now to another view of this ques
tion of union candidates to be nominated and
supported by silver Democrats, Populists and
Tellerite Republicans, I am free to say that
it is a grave question with thoughtful and
sturdy Populists whether it is desirable to
enter into any such alliance with men who are
so ignorant of the distinctive economies of the
People's party as to be in fact still more in
sympathy with their old parties on ail matters
except the comparatively insignificant one of
free silver coinage. AVili the result be satis
factory to honest and loyal Populists? Cau
Populist oil and old party water be combined
i to any good purpose? Would it not be better
[ for the country and the People's party to make
haste slowly?
It is an open question whether it is clearly
desirable for Populists to come into power
hampered as partners of silver Democrats and
Republicans. May it not in the end, be better
lor the country and the party as well, that the
people should suffer four years longer under
gold McKinleyism? . If not in open insurrec
tion by 1900, they will have become sufficiently
educated in the Populist system of economies
to know how to use the ballot to protect them-
I selves and secure the fruits of their labor.
There is still another view of present con
ditions which certainly should receive due
consideration, namely this: Concede that a
union of silver forces can be secured which
j will result in the election of Mr. Bryan by a
; conglomerate party held together mainly on a
; financial issue which has been enacted into
; law, and on other issues there is, in fact, no
actual agreement whatever, and on such
characteristic Populist demands as the Govern
ment ownership of railroads, telegraph and
telephones, and the land question there would
be decided antagonism, what would the future
of that sort of party be?
Does any one imagine, even in his most
hopeful moments, that tne gold power is going
to let go easily and patriotically? The word
patriotism is unknown in the vocabulary oi
the gold power and its equally greedy and un
patriotic allies, the great trusts and railroad
and telegraph monopolies. When the new
party goes into power it should be homo
geneous in all its elements and held together
by lofty ideals of unselfish patriotism. Aeon
glomerate party, made up of men who have
but littie in common, and little to be elimi
nated at once after it obtains control of the
Government by proper enactment, which
would be assailed and warred upon in every
way possible by a powerful, vigilant, thor
oughly organized and admittedly unscrupu
lous enemy, with unlimited resources and a
determination to use them for the overthrow of
the new party, would probably soon go to
pieces. Populists are not likely to rush head
long into any uncertain and undefined union
witn silver Democrats and Republicans. Bet
ter wait till 1900 and win a complete straight
People's party victory, unless there can be a
substantial union on great National issues of a
permanent character.
July ll— The foregoing letter was written
Sunday afternoon. I desire now to add that I
have read in The Cau- this (Monday) morning
the astounding address issued at Chicago last
Saturday, July 11, from the headauartersof
the Bimetallic Union, indorsing Bryan and
Sewall, tne Democratic candidates, and urgine
upon ail who can agree with them to join them
at St. Louis July 22, there to indorse and ratify
these nominationa. and signed by A. J. War
ner, president, H. F. BaTtine and five others
I write this postscript to say that, as one
! delegate to the People's party National Con
vention. 1 denounce this Warner-Bartine ad
dress as a piece of brazen assumption and an
act of bad faith, and as false and misleading in
I its statement of the purpose of the Silver party
formed at Washington, D. C, January 22, in
calling a National Silver Convention to meet
iv St. Louis July 22, as being the time and
place previously fixed by the Populists for
holding their National Convention.
I have not space here to enter into particu
lars and cite the call issued by Dr. J. J. Molt,
chairman of the National Committee of the
Silver parry, for such National Silver Conven
tion and thus prove that this Warner-Bartine
i address, in so far as it states the purpose of
the National Silver Convention, is false in fact,
false iv spirit, false in inference and false in
conclusion; and inasmuch as A. J. Warner
and other signers of this pernicious address
were participants in the formation of the Sil
ver party at Washington, January 22, they
fit and convicted of an act of bad frith in issu
ing said address and of false assumptions in
attempting to justiiy the act.
I make these charges in sorrow, but as a dele
gate to the National Convention of tbe Peo
ple's party and as a Populist I am charged
with grave responsibilities, and in fidelity to
my trust I utterly repudiate and denounce
this Warner-Bartine address, and shall act ac
cordingly. J. ASHBCBY JOBKSOK.
San Francisco, July 13, 189b".
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Alphonse Daudet's son Leon has achieved a
decided success with his new book, "Le Voy
age de Shakespeare."
By personally soliciting for money from
house to house, the Dean of Norwich has
raised $30,000 for the restoration of the Cathe
dral
Joshua Levering of Baltimore, the Prohibi
tion candidate for the Presidency, will receive
tbe formal notification 01 his nomination on
July 28.
It i* ten years since mad King Louis II of
Bavaria was drowned in a lake on his palace
grounds. The anniversary was observea this
year by Prince Regent Lultpold's laying the
cornerstone of a commemorative chapel on
the spot.
The fourth report of the mission among the
higher classes in China, of which the Rev. Gil
bert Keid is the director, declares that the
work has been fairly successful.
Dr. Holmes, writing to Motley in 1855, at a
time when Howells was sending letters on
Venice nome, said: "This is a young man of
no small talent. In fact, his letters from
Venice are as good travelers' letters as I re
member since Eothen."
The University of Straaburg contained in
1883 three men, each unknown to the other,
and each of whom has since achieved interna
tional fame. The trio consisted of Paderewsici,
then musical instructor at the university; Pro
fessor Roentgen, professor of physics, and
Nicola Tesla.
The latest whim of women cyclists is to have
their wheels painted to match their dress, in
the London streets are seen cycles in various
shades of green, brown and terra cotta. The
fashion was started by Lady Warwick, who
last summer had her wheel painted wlnte,
and who dressed in white from head to foot.
ADMITTED TEN.
The Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm
Is Overcrowded. •
At the monthly meeting of the Presby
terian Orphanage and Farm yesterday it
was stated that ten new children had been
admitted during the past month. As the
home is already . overcrowded it was re
solved to take a cottage adjoining it.
Applications having been received from
several quarters for children for . adoption
the board decided yesterday that the or
phanage would allow papers of adoption
to be taken out for children who after
three months' trial decided that they
would like to stay in the families wishing
to adopt them. The following ladies were
appointed a home-rinding committee:
Mrs. E. M. Stevens, Mrs: 8. S. Palmer,
Mrs. W. B. Noble, Mrs. H. Pish, Mrs. T.
P. Day, Mrs. Robert Coyie and Mrs. W.
A. Mcßae.
The orphanage is issuing an appeal for
groceries and soap, of which it stands
badly in need. Wells, Fargo & Co. will
carry the groceries to San Rafael free of
charge.
• ♦ — •
The Charter Movement.
In accordance with the request of the San
Francisco Association of Improvement Clubs
the following five delegates have been ap
pointed by the Merchants' Association to
represent it at the meeting of the Federation
of Improvement Clubs: Messrs. Charles
Bundschu, James S. Conwell, M. A. RothehUd,
Joseph Britton and M. H. Hecht. At the regu
lar meeting of the Association of Improvement
flubs to-morrow evening at Cosmopolitan
Hall, B'nai B'rith building, the new charter
has been made the special order ot the even
ing. Arguments on both sides will be offered
and action will be taken by the association.
K. W. Dohrmann, president, and J. Richard
Freud, secretary of the Merchants' Association,
have been specially invited to attend the
meeting.
— m m »
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. . Townsend's."
» m • ',-
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Fac. Carriage Co,'
» 0 «
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
•'■■- _^__ • — . • — • • ■
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. — Four first
premium, medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. . •
■ ■ » ■» ,■»
, "Will you be. my wife, Fraulien Paula, and
make me happy ?"
"I am sorry, doctor, but I should like to be
happy Humoristische Blaetter.
Are You Going: East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route — Is the coolest and moat comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. ' Particularly, adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland .to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
- ' • ■ • — ♦ »
Excursion to the Yellowstone Part
Swell excursion will . leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. Bates cut | way down. Every
thing first class: meals In dining-cars. The finest
sight In the world is the hot water geysers, found
place bat In the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your Vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 Market
street, San Francisco. .'■
• — ■» — •
, All danger of drinking impure water Is avoided
by adding 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bit
ters.
« ♦ — •
When the hair Is thin'aml gray Pabkbb's Hair
Balsas* renews the growth and color. '
Parker's Ginger Tonic the best cough cure.
" Wouldn't be without it for worlds ! ' ' was the
emphatic declaration of a lady in reference to
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
• — • — •
"Did you hear about tnat hair-raising story
Hone was : circulating?" asked the barber in
Grabenstatter's.
"Don't tell it to me," hastily replied the cus
tomer. "Keep . it lor your bald-beaded vie
—Buffalo Times. .
NEW TO-DAT. .'
IpspiTeas
J I Coffees
A Spices
So Good
So Pure
A Beautiful Piece of Cbinawara
Given to Each Customer.
Great American Inprtiiii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st. -
3510 Mission st. 218 Third at.
140 Sixth st. 'aooS Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 065 Market st. ,
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth St.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st * 3259 Mission st.
." 52 Market st. (Headquarters;, S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. '
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
. 135S Park st., Alameda.
CHEAPPOWER
- - .
—FOR- —
MINING .HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
i: I AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO 200. HORSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power CM nr
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. 0 I Oil
HERCULES GAS ENQINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
GAS AND OIL ENGINES,
Office: "Works:
405-107 Sansome St. . 315-231 Bay St.
:"•■'' '".I*. '.'"'San Francisco, Cal. '
Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40X
fIMVY x^^cf- m^^
illy I A 11 City Hall Square.
V 111 li . J. ft F. KESSELEB."•r^n. v = JPLY "■
AMUSEMENTS.
rAi.iroßJ.-TA T«"TML-"Cwm«n."
COLUMBIA THr.ATKB-"Tbe V™ l *™
ORPHKUM-Blgh-Clas» Vaudeville.
The iMPOBinM-Concert to-morrow night, by
the Emporium Orchestra. _„„„«„_„ .
-•i-tro Ratbs— Bathing and performances.
Fa™ of tm BASxn,K-At the Chntes, at 1
°' C >h£t Tirr. CHiTTKS-paUy at Haight . .treet,
cue block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES,
rv r *« Levy & Co.-Thls day (Tuesday),
Furniture*^ salesroom. 1136 Market street, at 10
°By C S. B> CH-Thls day (Tuesday), Furniture,
at 1314 Oc;avia street, at 11 o'clock.
By am« COWAV-Thls day (Tuesday), Furni-
ture at 230 Sutler street, at 1 1 o clock. -> . i
MineHM<m>-K--\VednPsda>-, July 18, at 614
Second street, at 10:30 o'clock.
t»i- hhainwald. Bcckbek * Co.— Thursday,
Ju?y 23 Kell Estate, at salesroom. 218-220
Mont (romf street. - .
Rt vn ham J. Saturday. July 18,
Oakland Real Estate, at salesrooms, 460 and 462
Eight street, Oakland, at 2 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Forty-fourth District Republican Club
was organized last night.
The Attorney-General has moved his offices
to the Emporium building.
Fair Tuesday ; fresh westerly winds.— Local
Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
The revolt among Democrats against the sil
ver stand of the party continues.
The new Boys' Training Home at 407 Taylor
street will be formally opened this evening.
The carnival committee, from its success so
far at the canvass, expects plenty of money.
The Presbyterian Orphanage and Farm at
San Rafael admitted ten new children last
month.
Rev. E. Lewis told the Christian Brethren
yesterday that he was studying to evangelize
England.
Supervisor Taylor demands free telephones
for the City in exchr.nge for a new telephone
franchise.
The contemplated advance in passenger
rates to Portland has caused a rush of travel
northward.
The Shipowners' Association held its third
annual meeting on Friday and re-elected its
former officers.
Chaplain Drahms told the Congregational
Club yesterday that end-of-the-century litera
ture was small.
Hereafter, until registration closes, the office
oi the Registrar will be open from 7 to 9
o'clock each evening.
A.Sbarboroof tbe Italian-Swiss Colony con
siders protection by all means the leading
issue of the campaign.
K. Ito, a special agent from Japan, has come
here to study the fish industry and the growth
of fish in the United States.
George Inhofl and Michael McHugh have
been charged with pilfering coal while hauling
loads to the Catholic Orphanage.
Harbor Commissioner Chadbourne, at one
;ime the king of furniture men on the Coast,
filed a petition in bankruptcy yesterday.
The directors of the Olympic Club will meet
to-morrow evening to discuss a proposition for
the construction of a new handball court.
The abduction of a 12-year-old Mexican boy
has been reported at the office of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
B. Nathan swore to a complaint yesterday
charging his neighbor, Charles Gerrlsh, 1220
Stockton street, with threatening to kill him.
Out of tbe fifty-nine foreign and Atlantic
vessels now in t>ort only five are at the
wharves. The others are all tied up awaiting a
charter.
Democratic merchants and professional men
are outspoken in their declaration against
tiieir party's attitude toward the financial
question.
The committee of arrangements has com
pleted all the arrangements for the celebra
tion to-day of the anniversary of the Fall of
the Bastile.
James Winslow, foreman for Henry Bing
ham, fell down the hold of the steamer New
port and broke bit leg. He had a narrow es-
Oiiiie irom death.
Levi B. Gordon, ex-policeman, was convicted
by Judge Conlan yesterday on two charges of
stealing milk, and' was ordered to appear for
sentence to-morrow.
'''he field pieces that formerly belonged to
Lieht Battery A, N. G. C, have been taken
from under shelter and placed on a
vacant lot on Polk street-
Collector Wise intends to keep a sharp out
look on the Chinesecoming into this country,
ostensibly for the Centennial Exposition to be
held at Nashville in 1897.
Tbe search-warrant case of Mrs. E. P. Ferry,
1107 Bush street, against John W. F.mn, auc
tioneer, was advanced a stage before Judge
Campbell yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Haskins will tell what she knows con
cerning the pencil deeds made by James G.
Fair in Mrs. Craven's behalf to-day before
Notary Public Milton 8. Latham.
Samuel A.Sanderson has filed a complaint
in paititlon against Moses Ellis et al. for a
division of the property at the northwest cor
ner of Bryant and Eighth streets.
Chief Crowley is interesting himself in the
case of Doy Toy, a young married Chinese
woman, wbose husband wants to get her back
to Fresno and sell ber into slavery.
The residents of Richmond District protest
against the use of blue rock in street work on J
the grounds that it is too expensive and that ;
their red rock is better and cheaper.
Dave Anderson, boatswain on the steamer I
T'matilla, was caught in a loop of the hawser
on which the vessel began to pull. He was
badly crushed before the rope was cut.
Forgers Becker and Creegan were not sen
tenced by Judge Wallace yesterday. The mat
ter went over until August 7 to allow time for
the preparation of a bill of exceptions.
Executors of the Donahue estate are await
ing Judge Anpelotti's decision before taking
action in the matter of tbe public* fountain
proposed to do honor to Peter Donahue.
Guiilermo Berduo, secretary to the Guata
maian Consul, left his wife after two months
of marriage. He says his wife's family lived
with him, although he lived with them.
Americo Bianchi created a scene before Jus
tice of the Peace Barry yesterday, by saying
he would be hanged if he would marry Bertha
Lehman, whose father owed him money.
The Supervisors having granted the Olympic
Club permission to hold a boxing contest, a
series of matches will be held in the club's
gymnasium on the evening of the 31st inst.
A free performance, given by the Sam Yup
Troupe at the Washington-street Theater on
Saturday night in order to aid in breaking up
the See Yup boycott, was broken up by a noisy
gang.
Attorney Seawell doesn't believe that silver
is the panacea for financial and industrial ilia
which his party has declared it, but says this
will not deter him from voting the Democratic
ticket.
A Chinese girl 24 years of age was rescued
fr"m a den on Fire alley early yesterday morn
ing after a lively struggle between an officer
and the highbinders aod taken to the Presby
terian Mission.
A. T. Weill, a prominent Democratic whole
sale merchant, is decidedly opposed to the
silver theory of his party, as voiced in the
Chicago platform, but he considers protection
the pre-eminent issue.
The executors oi tne estate of Joseph Mac
donough have sued John J. Sesnon for the
abrogation of a lease to property of the estate
which Sesnon is alleged to have routed to him
r« H at too low a figure.
Thomas McNeil, 10 Ledyard street, while
under the influence of liquor yesterday after
noon, fell into the bay off Mission-street wharf
and was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where he soon recovered.
Public Administrator Freese has been ap
pointed administrator of the esta.es of Orrlck
W. Marye, the stockbroker who committed
puicuJe at the Baldwin Hotel some time ago,
James Kelleher and G. Shaw.
Railroad avenue, South Ban Francisco, from
Kiphteenth avenue to tbe Five-mile House on
the County road, has been let to contractors
who will commence work as soon as the sur
veyors as-certain the proper grade.
Eugene Pierson, an artist in tbe employ of
the Eureka Art Company, was arrested yester
day on the charge of robbery, the complaining
witness being Mrs. C. B. Yerex, clerk in Hol
lister's collection agency, Spreckels building.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells. Fargo
& Co., who is a learned student in monetary
science, declares that although he has aiways
voted the Democratic ticket, he cannot indorse '■
free silver, and will not under any circum- I
stances vot'j for it.
Samuei Sachs of Sachs Bros. & Co., says he
has been a Democrat all his lite, but he does
not approve of what he calls the Populistlc
platform adopted at Chicago, and he will vote
for McKinley. Free silver, he says, would
mean financial disaster.
SAILOR CAUGHT
IN A HAWSER LOOP
He Was Badly Crushed
and Narrowly Escaped
Death.
FEW SHIPS IN THE DOCKS
Plenty of Them in Port, but
All Are Waiting for a
Charter.
A MISHAP ON THE MONTICELLO
The Blairmore Towed Into Shallow
Water and Now the Wreckers
Are Jubilant.
At the present time there are fifty-nine
foreign and Atlantic vessels in t»ort and of
these only five are at the wharves. These
are the Almora at Main street, Beechbank
at the Oriental wharf, Sprincburn at
Green, Sterling at Union and St. John at
Steuart. Several of these are almost dis
charged, so that it is within the proba
bilities that the wharves may be deserted
during the week. Of course there are a
number of coasters and 3Ugar-boats in the
docks, but the number of the latter — four
— is even less than usual. Last July the
tonnage ol the disengaged vessels in port
was only 5357 tons, while this month there
is 37,053 disengaged tonnage. The Spring
burn at Green and the Sterling at Union
street wharves give an air of bustle to
those places, but from Meiggs wharf to
the Mail dock all the other docks seem de
serted.
The raisers of the Blairmore met with a
success yesterday. The hull was pot al
most upritrht, and then the Monarch
towed it a mile inshore. She was in eight
een feet at high water and at low water
her batches will be clear. An attempt
will then be made to open her up and shift
the ballast, as Captain Burns is of the
opinion that it is holding ber down. The
sunken vessel is now in a position where
she can be worked to advantage, and
everybody concerned expects to get her up
either to-day or to-morrow.
Tbe Vallejo steamer Monticello broke
down again on Saturday night. Captain
Randall summoned the steamer Aruador,
and all the passengers were landed near
Port Costa in time to catch the last train
for San Francisco. Tbe breakdown was
only a small affair, and the steamer was
runnine a^ain yesterday afternoon.
Tbe Ladies' Opportunity Circle of the
First ConEreeational Church, Saubalito, is
to give a "cookie shine" on board the
British ship Wynnstay next Thursday.
Captain Mcßryde has given his vessel for
the occasion, and the ship's boats will
meet all visitors at the ferry landing at
Sausalito. Tickets, including refresh
ments, will be 50 cents, and the proceeds
will go toward helping along the little
church in Sausalito.
Dave Anderson, boatswain on the
steamer UmatilJa, had a narrow escape
yesterday. The vessel was backing out
into the stream on ber stern line, but was
eased up in order to allow a tug to pass.
The line caugbt in the propeller, and as
Anderson was leaning over tbe side a loop
of it passed around his body. As the
steamer backed he was pulled overboard
and was being rapidly crustied to death
wden Jack Gray, a boatman, saw his pre
dicament ana cut the rope with his knife.
Anderson dropped into the water and was
picked up badly bruised and crushed but
conscious*.
James Winslow, foreman for Henry
Bingbam on tbe Mail dock, met with a
| serious accident yesterday morning. He
! fell down the forehold of the steamer
Newport and broke his leg and otherwise
injured himself. He was taken to bis
home and last night was doing fairly well.
The brig Salvador has been sold by C» D.
Bunker <fe Co. to W. Frese & Co. Captain
Hobbs will go out in command and will
take her to Portland, where she will load
lumber for Cal!oa, Peru. Captain Hobbs
l was formerly master of tbe schooner Vo
| lante.
Captain Potter of bark Alden Bessie, gets
; absent-minded once in a while. Sunday
! last he was out at the park, and he cot so
; interested in the music that when it was
: time to leave he walked off and left his
j overcoat behind him. He never noticed
j his ioss until be reached his s., ip and went
to hang the coat up.
The Mariposa will leave for Honolulu,
Apia, Auckland and Sydney next Thurs
day, a full ship. Among her cargo will be
a lot of Hour and over 200 tons of paper
from the Willamette Pulp and Paper Com
pany for the Auckland Star, Lyttleton
Times and Sydney Mcrning Herald. There
will also be big consignments of hops, i
canned goods ana general merchandise.
CHINESE SLAVE TRADE.
The Case of Doy Toy, a Young
Married Woman Now in
the City Prison.
Chief Crowley Trying to Save Her by
Preventing Her Fiom Being
Sent to Fre>no.
Chief Crowley baa been interesting him
self in the case of Doy Toy, a pretty Chi
nese woman 20 years dT age, who is at
present in the City Prison on a charge of
robbery.
Soroe months ago she was arrested for
grand larceny on complaint of her hus
band, but managed to defeat the case, as
it was shown that it was a trumped-up
charge to get possession of her, she having
taken refuge in the Presbyterian Mission,
lon Sacramento street. She had fled from
I Los Angeles, as she had learned that her
husband was conspiring with biehbinders
to sell her to a Chinese slave-dealer in Vic
| toria, B. C, for $2000.
After her release on the rrand larceny
i charge she went uack to her husband, who
| had taken up his residence in Fresno. She
! did not care to live with him and got a
j situation with a family there.
Her unsband and some highbinders be
iran to persecute her again, so as to induce
her to sell herself into slavery, and even
went bo far as lo apply hot irons to her
feet to torture her into submission.
She would not give into them, and a few
days ago fled from Fresno. She was ar
rested here last Thursday, on her arrival,
and taken to the California-street station,
thence to the City Prison. The warrant
on which she was arrested was issued in
i Fresno, on complaint of her husband, and
I charged her with robbery.
iThe Chiet had the facts drawn to his at
tention, and he refused to allow her to be
sent back to Fresno, believing the robbery
charge was trumped up, like tbe grand
larceny charge. He is in communication
with the Fre'sno authorities, with the ob
ject of getting the warrant withdrawn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
The British Ship Springburn at Green Street and the American Ship Sterling at Union-Street Wharf
Make the Best Showing on the Water Front. There Is Not a Half-Dozen More Deep- Water
Vessels in All the Other Docks Combined.
ESCAPED FROM
A CHINESE DEN,
Terrified Flight of a Young
Girl Down Clay
Street.
IS ALMOST RECAPTURED
An Exciting Scuffle Ensues Be
tween Officer and High
binders.
THE GIRL HAD BEEN ABUSED.
Covered With Bruises From the Beat
ings Inflicted by Her Inhuman
Masters.
A young Chinese woman running down
Clay street and loudly blowing a police
whistle about 2 o'clock yesterday morning
startled Officer McGrayn as he was
patrolling his beat tnrough Chinatown.
When the officer approached her she
seemed very much frightened, and fled
into a restaurant on Washington street,
near Washington alley, where she endeav
ored to hide under a table.
When the officer had persuaded her to
come out several Chinese came up and
told him that the girl had been drinking
and was intoxicated. They took the girl
back to the house she had fled from on
Fish alley, although she fought against
being taken back. Inside of tbe house
there was a large crowd of men, of whom
the girl seemed very much afraid, for she
clung to tbe police officer and begged him
to take her away.
When the officer attempted to lead ber
out of the house a lively fight ensued be
tween the one policeman and the crowd of
highbinders, and in tbe scuffle the girl
lost both her shoes and had her clothing
nearly torn from her body.
The Chinese insisted that the girl was
intoxicated and demanded that the officer
take her to the Califor;iia-street police sta
tion and have her booked for diunken
ness. The officer took ber to the station,
but the crowd followed him and the officer
realized that all the Chinamen wanted to
do was to have her booked, so that they
might bail her out. Accordingly he had
her taken to the Presbyterian Mission
House, 920 Sacramento street, where Miss
Margaret Culbertson, the matron, endeav
ored to pacify the frigbtened girl.
Several Chinese called at the mission
yesterday to see the girl, but she was con
fined to her bed all day in consequence of
the bruises and beating she had received
from her inhuman owners. The girl,
who is about twenty-four years of age. is
very frail and delicate and" bears marks all
over her body of the beatings and ill treat
ment she has received.
According to the story the girl told Mr».
Culbertson at the mission, she has been
kept in the house in Washington alley by a
Chinamao. named Chun Pun. She had been
told that when she earned a certain
amount of money she should be given her
freedom. Several times she had asked
her owners bow much she had turned over
to them, and when she asked this question
of tbe woman at the house yesterday
morning tbe latter told her that she
would let her know when she bad earned
enough to buy her freedom. Upon this
the quarrel beean which ended in tbe girl
fleeing from the house c'own Clay street.
WROTE HIS OWN OBITUARY.
Death of sb Old-Time Carrier of French
Newspapers.
An aged Frenchman, who for more than
forty years was a familiar figure on the
streets of San Francisco, died yesterday,
at the age of 79. Tbe deceased was Alex
andre Quirin, who, from 1854 up to a few
months ago, was a carrier of French news
papers in this City. The peculiarity about
Monsieur Quirin was that he was not, like
the carriers of other daily papers, anxious
to get over the ground witn all possible
speed and serve the subscribers bright and
early. The moment be left the office of
publication he would take a copy of tbe j
paper he delivered, start at the first item j
of news on the first page, and as he walked
along he would read, and in that way in
form himself of the news of the day. He
would go over his route, and when he
reached the door of a subscriber he would
stop just long enough to deliver the paper
and then he would resume bis march and !
hi> reading. By the time he got over his j
route he had read all there was in the pa
per.
A few years ago he felt the effects of ad- !
vancing age, and entering the office of Al
fred Chaigneau, editor of the Franco-Cali
foriiien, laid before him a scrap of paper
on which was written in French tbe fol
lowing:
"Un de nos compatriotes, Alexandra
Quirin arrive en Cnlifornie en 1852, le 28 de
Mai, est decede Je . II estatne le 6
Janvier, 1817, a Dijon (Cotes Dor) "
The translation of this is: "One of onr
countrymen, Alexander Quirin, who came
to California May 28, 1852, died on the
. He was born January 16, 1817,
at Dijon (Cotes Dor)."
He requested Mr. Chaigneau to preserve
that scrap and when the writer was no
more to till in the date and publish what
was written. The scrap was hied away,
and when yesterday Mr. Chaigneau was
informed of the fact that the old carrier
had passed away he tooit the scrap from
the hook, inserted "July 13" and sent it to
the composition-room.
|^A few months ago the old man, who
had become very feeble, was taken sick,
but being like many more old Californians.
without anything laid away for a raiay
day, he was forced to seek shelter in an in
stitution for the care of those who are
poor and unable to take care of them
selves, to remain until called away, on tbe
eve of the festival of the French nation, in
which he always took a great interest.
CHARLEY FAIR RETURNS
Not Worried, but Intend* to See
the Craven Claim Set
tled.
Charles L. Fair returned on last night's
overland train from the East, but he is not
worried over tne claim made against the
Fair estate by Mrs. Craven.
"I thought it wasn't my father's writing
when I withdrew my name from the pro
bate of tbe will," said he when seen in his
apartments at the California.
"These later documents I have not seen.
When they were first produced I tele
graphed to my attorneys asking if my
presence was needed in San Francisco on
account of these so-called deeds. They
wired back for me to remain away as long
as I was so inclined — that things were all
right. 80 I stayed until I wished to re
turn.
"I spent most of my time in New York
City, though I attended tbe convention at
St. "Louis.
"I propose now to remain here until
this whole thing is settled."
Mr. Fair was away a little over a month,
and has returned looking unusually well.
His wife is with dim.
• — ♦ — •
The Ship-Owners' Association.
Tbe Ship-Owners' Association held its third
annual meeting last Friday and re-elected the
j following officers: A. M. Simpson, president;
. \V. K. Mighcll, vice-president; George E. Plum
mer, treasurer; directors— Charles Nelson, J.
J. Smith, E. E. Kentneld, W. J. Adams and C.
M. Good all; secretary and manager, Charles '
£. Naylor. The San Francisco shipbine-master
is Captain J. W. Gage, a man of forty years'
radical experience in navigating the Pacific
cean and incidentally, of course, in the
handling ol sailors.
The secretary's report shows that over 1300
sailors are constantly employed by the mem- I
I bers of the association and that their wages
aggregate over $400,000 per annum. In the
three years the association has been* in exist
ence it has handled over 15,000 men.
The Abandoned Cannon on Polk Street. Between Broadway and Vailejo.
SUFFRAGISTS AT HOME,
Additions to the Quarters of
the State Central
Committee.
Several Elegantly Framed Portraits
of Famous Women Now
Adorn the Walls.
The fair forms and bonnie faces of the
winsome daughters of the Golden West
would seem to be more than lovely enough
to adorn any environment, however plain.
But the "powers that be" in the Woman
Suffrage Bureau appear to have reached
an opposite conclusion* Accordingly the
rooms have been furnished and decorated
in the most tasteful and attractive fashion.
The reception parlor has an elegant air,
it f1..0r being all but concealed by the ricb
hued products of Persian looms.
' On the walls, in massive golden frames,
are life-size portraits of President Lin
coln, Elizebeth Cady Stanton, Harriet
I Beecher Stowe, Lucy Stone, Miss Anthony
I and Miss Shaw, interspersed with land
scapes and dainty paintings from still life.
The clerks' offices have a more business
like look, displaying no adornment in the
way of furniture, though provided with
all that is needed in the way of desks,
I typewriters, human and mechanical, and
] chairs "for workers only."
The sanctum sanctorum is presided over
j by a most genial high priestess in the per
! son of Miss Hay, chairman of the State
j Central Committee. This apartment is
seldom entered by the uninitiated, "No
admittance" in formidable capitals bar
rintr tne way before the would-be in
truder.
In this inner sanctuary is a desk sacred
to Mrs. Emma B. Sweet, Miss Anthony's
private secretary. Mrs. Bweet has just re
turned from a visit to Yosemite with Mrs.
Austin Sperry and reports having enioved
tierself greatly.
The Boulevard Ordinance.
The case of S- A. Born, contractor and builder,
arrested on Saturday on Golden Gate avenue
tor violating the boulevard ordinance, was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday, but
the hearing was continued till to-morrow
Born is to test the constitutionality of the or
dinance.
i - Loans on watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenue. - '
ONCE THE PRIDE
OF BATTERY A,
How It Happens That Four
Field Pieces Are on a
Vacant Lot
NO ONE DEMANDS THEM.
A Lot of State Property That Is
Not Cared For by the
Authorities.
SOME HAVE BEEN CONDEMNED.
General Warfield Says He Would Not
Permit Any National Guardsman
to Use the Guns.
On a vacant lot frontine on Polk street,
between Broadway and Vallejo, which if
numbered would be 2111, there are four
field pieces and four caissons which are ex
posed to the action of the atmosphere, of
the rays of the sun and are in no way pro
tected.
These guns are the property of the State
and at one time were the pride of and in
charge of Company A, Light Battery.
When that company was converted into a
troop of cavalry there was no further use
for the field pieces, and they were allowed
to remain in the armory on the south side
of Pacific avenue, west of Polk street, un-
til shortly after the recent change in the
National Guard.
George IT. Hind, who owns the armory
property, when the troop, which had be
come in arrears for rent, after a gentle
hint to vacate, did retire, found himself in
the possession of the vacated premises, a
battery of artillery, a lot of tents, sabers,
saddles, leggings, parts of uniiorms and
other articles that go to make up a mili
tary company. Not being ambitious -o
be a National guardsman, and unlike Mrs.
Toodles, not believing these articles were
"handy to have in the house," he notified
an officer of the disDanded or mustered
out company to remove the munitions of
war, and the reply he received was, "I've
no use for them, and you can do just
whatever you please with them."
Then Mr. Hind rented a part of the ar
mory to a Captain Dilhan, who when he
moved in found the military property a
nuisance and consulted with the landlord.
Finally the adjutant-general's office was
communicated with. Red tape delayed
the answer. Captain Dilhan was insistent
on his rights, so the landlord hired a man
and pair of horses to move the battery to
the vacant lot, and there it is. The other
properiy was taken to the loft of the
building.
The tield pieces are ten-pounders, known
as "Parrotts"— obsolete, it is true — but
they have never been condemned, and
when part of service they were used for
firing salutes, and never an accident oc
curred in the discharging of them but
once, and that was not the fault of the gun
but of the men in charge of it.
General Wanielci said that the guns are
valueless; that they are unsafe, and that
he would not allow a man of his command
to fire a sbot from one of them; that some
time ago he refused to loan either of them
for purposes of firing a salute, and that on
the occasion of the funeral of the late
Major-Genera! Dimond he would not allow
them to be used for salute-firing. He said
• they were offered to tbfe authorities at San
Quentin, but they were refusad, and that
now they are worth only what they will
bring as old iron. Last week a man offered
$40 for the wneels.
"If any one wants them," the general
added, "they may be had cheap. As to
the other material it is absolutely useless,
as it was all condemned some time ago by
Captain Carrin^ton, U. 3. A., who was de
tailed by the War Department to examine
all tne State property."
skelly'n Estate.
The estate of Michael SJcelly has been ap
praised at $178,199 70. Tne property consists
mainly ol Bouth-of-Market-sireet and Mission
lands.
Hoitt's Sch<K>l foi Boys, Burlingame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira (i. Hoitt, Ph.D., Muster*
NOTARY COONEY
RETURNS TO TOWN
Much Disgusted Over the
Row About His Ab
sence.
WILL SIGN TO-MORROW.
Did Not Consider Judge Slack's
Remark as Manda
tory.
MRS. HASKINS TO TESTIFY.
She Will Tell Her Story To-Day
Before a Notary
Public.
J. J. Cooney has been found. It appears
that Mr. Cooney was not lost. Mr. Cooney
is the ex-notary ptfblic who took the
acknowledgment of James G. Fair to the
deeds by which he transferred by gift two
pieces of property to Mrs. Nettie R. Craven.
Mr. Cooney made his deposition before
Judge Slack, sitting as a commissioner,
last Thursday. The court stenographer
said he would have his notes written out
ready to read to Mr. Cconey that he might
sign the deposition on Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Cooney did not appear, and after
waiting some time Judge Slack issued a
bench warrant, which was placed in tbe
hands of deputy sheriffs, wno made a
search, but failed to find him, and so re
ported.
Reports, some of them ridiculously sen
sational, were immediately put in circula
tion as to the "disappearance" of the no
tary. It was even insinuated — and this in
print — that the attorneys for Mrs, Craven
had spirited Cooney away "because his
story was not all. straight, and they
wanted to whip it into shape."
The absurdity of this is apparent when
it is understood that the deposition has
been in the hands of Judge biack and the
court reporter all the whiie.
When Mr. Cooney returned to the City
after an absence over Sunday he was a
profoundly surprised aud disgusted man
to learn what a fuss had been made about
his going.
He repaired to the office of Delmas &
Saortridge and explained to the attorneys
for Mrs. Craven that he had been out of
town on business.
He had no idea, he said, that tbe remark
of Judge Slack, to the effect that the dep
osition would be ready for signature on
Saturday, was mandatory. Having been
a notary himself, he said, and knowing
that it was the rule to have a deposition
in readiness, that a witness might sign it
at his convenience, any time before the
date that it was required in court, he
really gave the matter little thought.
Some private business required him to
leave town Saturday morning, and on his
way to the boat he passed some of the at
torneys for the Fair trustees, at that very
time probably on their way to court.
He will sign the deposition this morn
ing iiit can be found, Judge Slack having
in the meantime left on his vacation of
three weeks.
"Mr. Cooney was an entire stranger to
me almost to the day he appeared in
court," said Mr. Delmas, speaking of the
matter yesterday. "He was a friend of
Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Knight aud Mr.
Heggerty, all of the other side. I was not
much alarmed about the young man's ab
sence, but if there was any kidnaping
done — well, the least that may be said is
ihat it came with. bad grace from them to
insinuate that we did it."
The deposition of Mrs. Haskins will be
taken this morning before Notary Milton
S. Latham in Lawyer John E. Richards'
office. Mrs. Haskins has to say that she
was present when Senator Fair presented
the deeds in question to Mrs. Craven.
BOYS' TRAINING HOME,
Its Formal Opening Will Be
Held To-Night in the New
Quarters.
A Place Where Young Lads Will Be
Cared For and Taught Useful
Occupations.
The Boys' Training Home at 407 Taylor
street will be formally opened this even
ing with appropriate exercises. This in
stitution is the outgrowth of the old News
boys' Home at 119 Powell street. The
promoters propose to take up and provide
lor a class of lads for whom no other in
stitution seems to have provided. While
in the main the movement is for char
itable purposes it is not of that class of
charity which destroys the manhood of
the youngsters by making them dependen
anon others.
The new home is provided with reading
rooms, dining-rooms, workrooms and large,
well-ventilated dormitory, in which are a
NEW TO-DAT.
Real tea is different from
the tea you know unless
you have tasted tea in
Ceylon, China or Japan.
Schilling s Best (roasted
in San Francisco) fresh,
with the full tea-flavor in
as tea-nations drink it.
You can pay anything you
like for tea; but something
will be missing unless it is
fresh-roasted. That some-
thing is very nice indeed.
Pound Half-pound
Japan, 50 cts. 25 cts
English Breakfast, 60 cts. 30 cts.
Oolong, 75 cts. 40 cts.
Ceylon, 80 cts. 40 cts.
Ideal Blend, $1.25. 65 cts.
Your money back if you
don't like Schillings Best.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco Bt
HEW, TO-DAT.' . ;
Bcsiuty 3 D&tic is^^ ,^
the fading or falling of *^v"_j*
the hair. Luxuriant fe-^i^
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
lot of double-deck iron bedsteads, on which
is the cleanest of linen. The workroom
will develop in time. At present carpen
tering, painting and photography will be
taught.
Already the dark room for the develop
ment of pictures has been built by one of
the boys. In the printing line the lads
will be taught all kinds of job and fancy
work. A lot of material has been fur
nished, and it is expected that a small
printing press will be secured soon; also
a turning lathe for the carpenter and ma
chine department. In a short time the
management will publish a journal, which
will be set up by the boys.
A special feature will be made of pro
viding situations and employment for the
young charges, who will then pay for their
accommodations. Those who are unable
to meet these obligations will be required
to assist in the work around the home.
The building will easily accommodate
thirty boys, and already nine have ap
plied for the privileges of the home.
Every Thursday evening the Newsboys'
Club will call at the home and bold a so
cial and reunion.
The home is under the management of
Trustees Isaac Upham, I. J. Truman, A.
C. Stevens, J. D. Brown and William M.
Bunker. The advisory board consists ot
Judge J. M. Trout:, J. A. Wiles, H. E.
SnoOk, F. B. Peterson, George S. Mont
gomery, H. E. Wilkinson, D. M. Carman,
Key. M. P. Boynton, Rev. E. R. Dille,
Rev. M. M. Gibson, Mrs. Martin Jones,
Mrs. George T. Gaden, Mrs. I. J. Leman,
Mrs. Margaret Mem, Mrs. J. W. Beard,
Mrs. A. C. Stevens, Mrs. R. L. W. Davis
and Mrs. J. C. Campbell.
NEW TO-I, AT— AMUSEMENTS.
rWCDLAnQtR.<iOTTLOD« o»- LtJb»A.-,oruuu(itß4--
THERE I ONE
IS ONLY I THING
That Will Eclipse the Regular Attend-
ance at Our House and That is the •
CARMVALOF THE GOLDEN GATE!
-.'■■ 2000 PEOPLE CROWDED IN
LAST N'ltiHT TO SK£
"THE C H A^R I V BALL"
Presented in Such Masterly Style by
THE
FRAWLEY
COMPANY !
- - A Really Perfect Production. ' . /
READ NEXT WEEK'S BILL.'
. Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, ,
"THE TWO ESCUTCKKONS."
Farewell ' Appearance of.JViaxine Elliott.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
"MOTHS" (by Request)
Re-appearance of Margaret Craven.
\m THEATRE' '"'»•
JUST WHAT THE PUBLIC :
HAVE WANTED FOR YKARS.
A MOST PROVOUNCED SUCCKSSt
Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
FR If D ' WAR l> E,
ROSE COGHL.AN THE
AND SPECTACULAR
L. R. STOCK WELL'S PRODUCTION
PLAYERS. OF
— — o^wULiwarEria'— —
POPULAR PRICES! --
NEXT MADAME.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lisa. tn.v«j>TiXh; Kbki.ivu. Proprietor &.tlau.t£<i;
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. gcstav Uinbichs.
To-axriG-xazT.
Also Thnrsday and Saturday Evenings,
Gounod's Tragic Opera
"ROMEO -A.2STID JTjri_,lH3T."
BERTINI, HUMPHREYS, MICHELENA,
KAFFAEL, KARL, PACHK, RUSSELL.
CASATI, TOOKER.N'ArOELEONI, Etc.
Wednesday, Friday and ■ Sunday Evenings,
Verdi's Celebrated Lyric Drama
' ' RIQOLBTTO. ' '
NATALI, KUSSELL. CASATI, MICHELENA.
DE VRIES. ABKAMOFF, KARL,
PACHK, Etc
SPECIAL SCENERY- CORRECT COSTUMES.
In Preparation — - ■
"MIGNON." "MARTHA":
f-ooular Prices— 2sc ani 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
W AJLTKK MOKO3CO, Sole Lessee and Maiiagi;
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian,
— - — jul i. walte us;.,;;;. .
In His Great Comedy- Drama, '
"SIDE TRACKED!"
A Veritable Feast of Fan. ;
Evening; Prices— 2sc and 50c.
I: Family i lrcle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual I»atinee3 Saturday and Sunday;
-_ - . -.- . ■ : : — | ~~ _ . , ' '
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, July 13.
••.--.•- Engagement Extraordinary of
MR. JOHN MASON and ■
. .; ..-•-. MARION MANOLA MASON,
LES DONAT -S,
PROF. FRED MACART'S DOG,
MONKEY AND BABOON CIKCUS.
Last Week of the ROSSO BROS. ■■-■■
29 Great Vaudeville Stars 29
Reserved Seats, -sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Seats. 60c.
FALL OF THE BASTILE
THE CHUTES,
TUESDAY,' JULY 14, AT 2 P. M. "
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT
' And Various Attractions. 7 '
GRAND NIGHT FESTIVAL CONCERT
■ At 8:30 O'Clobk".' ;
SPLENDID FIREWORKS.
Grand Ball -A.ll IKTislat
' IN THE PAVILION, j
Admission- Day, Night,
Adults: 25c. .-:■-. -■»--• 25c.
Children under 12: ; 10c. 10c.
The day ticket is good tor the night if the bearer
does not leave the Chutes.™ ■■■ * ~ * ■"' " * .
Electric Cars Will Run All Night To
and From the Chutes. ••-.-:" > .
Mtw JBatlii
j . TUESDAY, \j CIT 14,
Afternoon and Evening: .
: - "~ -WILL ; CELEB KATE . .
"THE FALL OF THE BASTILE."—
French Concert by Gauloise Band.
: GENERAL ADMISSION- - ---'- '■
Aduiu, 10c '■ Children, sa,
78
GENERAL EZETA
COMES TO TOWN,
He Says His Visit Has
No Political Signifi
cance.
HE EVINCES PATRIOTISM
The Ex-President Resents Some
Adverse Remarks and
Rumors.
HE SPEAKS OF HIS COUNTRY
Education Is General, and There Is
Harmony Between Church and
State.
"My presence here has no political sig
nificance whatever," said his Excellency
Don Carlos Ezeta, ex-President of the re
public of Salvador, yesterday evening.
The much-talked-of general was in his
comfortable quarters in tne Hotel Mareehal
Neil receiving welcomes from a host of
Latin-American friends, who seemed de-
HIS EXCELLENCY DON CARLOS EZETA, EX-PRESIDENT OF SALVADOR.
[Sketched from lift by a "Call" artist.]
lighted to greet him after his return from !
Europe.
"I am tired of tales and gossip," pur- j
sued the Central American statesman. |
"What I have done to De so talked about j
is more than I can understand. Why,
they even say I tried to break the bank at j
Monte Carlo. I only wish I had casb
enough to make such an attempt; I think
I could find better use for it.
"But seriously," continued tne general,
in an easy, genial tone which makes him
seem deligntfu-lly confidential, "'my one
object in coming here is to be within a
reasonable distance of my family, who
are at present domiciled in Guatemala.
.Iv this City I have many friends and
compatriots, and feel more at home than
in any other part of the United States or
Europe. And then traveling in Europe is
rather expensive, and, despite all asser
tions to the contrary, I had no 'millions'
wherewith to astonish the Old World.
Where in heaven's name could the mil
lions come from? The treasury of the re
public could hardly yield them.
"The fact is I had £4000 in London and
40,000 francs in Paris. That was the sum
total oi my capital. But what is the use
of contradicting the irresponsible rumors
which somehow get afloat? I only men
tion mem for the fun of the thin?.
'•Recent letters from Salvador assure me
that the condition of affairs there is peace
ful and prosperous. President Gutierrez
seems to be doing his best to maintain and
preserve order, quiet and general content
ment and security.
"This news is" most grateful tome. I
would be a monster if I did not rejoice in
the well-being of my country. I nope
t at General Gutierrez n.ay be the man
predestined by neaven to restore my dear
country to her rightful station among the
honored and respected nations of the
earth."
On being asked as to the effects gained
by the recent defensive and friendly alli
ance between the republics of Salvador,
Nicaragua and Honduras, Don Carlos an
swered :
"I think none but good results have fol
lowed the establishment of the federation.
Messages from each of the three republics
of this Occidental Triple Alliance indicate
that the union has thus far proved mutually
advantageous. Of course, this alliance is
voluntary, each republic preserving abso
lute autonomy, managing its own con
cerns accordinc to the will of its own
executives, without expecting or receiving
any interference from the others.
"Another good thing is the present cor
dial understanding which exists between
the church and the State. I know I have
been painted as an enemy of the church
on account of the divorce law which I
promulgates but it is now generally un
derstood that that law was intended to
affect only the civil status of the matri
monial contract. There was not the
slightest intention on my part, nor on that
of my cabinet, to assume jurisdiction over
one of the sacraments of the church ; nor
did we wish to see the secular power dab
bling in sacred things.
"Ecclesiastically, matters in the repub
lic are substantially as I left them. The
clerical dress is worn by all the clergy,
divine worship is carried on with ail pub
licity and splendor, while religious in
struction is general. The pubiic schools
are efficient and well managed, and the
dear little republic, which I love as my
life, is advancing to a grand future. Glori
ous thouph that future may prove, it can
never be fairer than the era of grandeur
which I wish to my country."
FOR STEALING MILK.
Levi B. Gordon Convicted and Ordered
to Appear for Sentence To
-31 or row.
Levi B. Gordon, policeman and milk
dealer, who was chased and captured by
Judge Conlan on Saturday morning, ap
peared in the Judge's court yesterday
mornine. He was represented by Attor
neys Sweeney & Treadwell.
His attorneys wanted a continuance as
they had been unable to get at the facts in
the case, but the Judge refused to grant
any more delay. The witnesses for the
prosecution had been examined and cross
examined by other attorneys for Gordon.
Then a motion was made to transfer the
case to another court, as the Judge had
played the part of a detective and had ar
rested Gordon. Tne Judge said be had
simply done his duty us an officer of the
court and declined to transfer the case.
Gordon was then put on the stand and
denied stealing the milk, as charged. He
said W. W. Ackerson, at whose house
Special Officer Fields caught him, was one
of his customers.
The Judge convicted Gordon on both
charges and ordered him to appear for
sentence to-morrow morning.
W. W. Ackerson said yesterday after
noon that he was not a customer of Gor
don's and he had repeatedly complained
to the dairyman who supplied him about
not having bis milk delivered to him.
RUSH TO PORTLAND.
Trains and Steamers Crowded With
People Taking Advantage of the
Present Low Rates.
Owing to the advance in passenger rates
which will become effective between here
and Portland on the 22d, on both rail and
steamship routes, there is an unprece
dented exodus northbound.
On the steamer which left Sunday morn
ing for Portland every berth was taken
several days before the vessel sailed, and
nearly a score were satisfied to go on her
and sleep on the floor. Yesterday every
berth on the steamer to leave on the 17th
for Portland was taken by noon.
On the Southern Pacific train which left
Sunday night 249 took passage for Port
land, tilling- every berth in the thirteen
sleepers. For some time the Southern
Pacific has limited the cut-rate train to
thirteen coaches, a's it would be a losing
proposition to send out two sections. - On
the 17t!i, however, there will be no limit,
and a ticket will be sold to every one who
applies.
The Southern Pacific is now also mak
ing a change in the rates to Puget Sound
ports. To Seattle and Tacoma the first
class fare will be $22, and second-class
$1150; to Port Townsend, $23 50 and $13;
to Victoria, $24 50 and $14.
SILVER MEN FOR BRYAN,
Delegates to the Bimetallic
League at St. Louis to
Support Him.
Arrangements Made for the Pilgrim
age to the Silver Conven
tion Seat.
California and Nevada silver men — that
is, delegates to the National Convention of
the Bimetallic Union to meet at St. Louis
on the 22d imt. — are out for Bryan and
Sewall, the nominees of the Democratic
National Convention.
Definite action on this point was taken
at a meeting of the California delegates at
the office oi George W. Baker last nieht.
Eleven delegates were present, who repre
sented thirty-eight out of the forty-five
delegates to which California is entitled.
The total number of delegates entitled to
seats in the St. Louis convention is 1386.
Charles D. Lane of Aneels Camp was
elected chairman of the delegation, and
A. H. Bicketts was chosen as secretary.
It was moved as the sense of the meet
ing that the delegation indorse and vote
for the Democratic nominees, Bryan and
Sewall, at the Silver Convention. This
was carried without a dissenting vote, and
it was stated by Chairman Baker of the
State silver organization that the forty
five votes of California would be cast as a
unit for Bryan in the coming convention.
Frank Mothtt was appointed a com
mittee of one to consult with the wine
men and secure material with which to
make the rigor of a St. Louis summer day
nearer tolerable by themselves and their
Eastern friends. Moffitt promised to do
his best to make at least this portion of
the delegation's trip a success.
The decorations of the train, which is to
consist of two sleepers and which is to ac
commodate the twenty delegates from
Nevada as well as the tbirty-six who are
to go from California, have been left to
Mr. Baker. The delegation will leave here
on Thursday night at 6 o'clock, traveling j 1
over tho Central Pacific, Union Pacific and
Chicago and Alton roads.
Four of the California delegation are
already at St. Louis and have been doing
much creditable missionary work toward
the indorsement by the Silverites of the
Democratic nominees. The names of these
members are General H. R. Willey, George
P. Keeney, John F. Flynn and Hector
McLain.
Yesterday a telegram was sent to George
8. Nixon at Winneruucca, the chairman of
the Nevada Silver party organization, ask
ing him what effect the nomination of
Bryan would have on the Nevada delega
tion. This was the reply :
"They will go now with renewed energy
and determination. We wtll make his
election sure by giving him our indorse
ment."
Western Addition Streets.
Several days ago the Merchants' Association
in a letter to Superintendent of Streets Ash
worth called aitention to the lact that many
streets in the Western Addition were not
properpiy swept or cleaned at all, the special
street-sweeping gang having been withdrawn.
Mr. Ashworth in reply stated that the reason
the men were taken from the work was that
tliere was no money for their payment in last
month's fund. However, he will soon put the
sweepers to work again and in the near future
the Western Addition will be in a clean condi
tion again.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncla
Harris*, 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
THIS WEEK AT
THE THEATERS,
" Carmen " Seen as a Melo
drama at the Cali
fornia.
ANOTHER TIVOLI SUCCESS
Young Ladies' Institute See "The
Charity Ball" at the
Columbia.
RAILROAD DRAMA AT MOROSCO'S
John Mason and Marion Manola Ap
pear at the Orpheum— The
Casino Chutes.
The first production of "Carmen" was
last night at the California Theater. It
was described in the playbills as "adapted
from the story of 'Prosper Merimee' and
the opera of Bizet, by Marie Doran and
Mollie Bevel."
This was slightly misleading in the play
bills. The version of "Carmen" proved to
be a thrilling melodrama, entwined with
some good music and staged with an eye to
scenic effect, but not the less a melodrama
of the most pronounced type.
As for beine adopted from the sources
named, it was based, with variations, upon
Merimee and Bizet, but the variations,
both from Merimee's simple story and
Bizet's terse dramatic opera, were so con
siderable that it is scarcely an exaggera
tion to say there was more of variation
than of Merimee and Bizet.
Putting aside all sentiment for the
story and the opera, and allowing for the
vulgarization that must necessarily take
place in transforming them— with varia
tions -into a melodrama, it must be al
lowed that "Carmen" is a play which will
appeal to a good many people, it is some
thing out of the usual line of works of
this kind and it is full of scenic effect,
motion and color.
As for the variations on the story and
the opera they are too numerous to men
tion in detail. The toreador, who is
called Rodenguez, appears in the tirst act
and in the third act. He does not enjoy
that easy access to the smugglers' camp
which the piece gives him. In fact he en
ters their lair by stealth, is taken prisoner
and is released by Carmen, who drugs the
guard, after which the toreador, in the
most impudent manner, hovers about out
side, singing the "Toreador now guard
thee," but omitting the first portion of the
aria.
Of course a melodrama has to have vil
lains, and the authoresses, apparently not
wishing to make villains out of the hero
and heroine, have very ingeniously created
a con pie. Zara, the female villain, is the
girl Carmen stabs in the first act. In the
opera this stabbing is done "off," but in
the play it is performed in full view of the
audience. Zara is not killed, but is dis
figured by the wound, and she takes out
her revenge by putting Garcia, a former
husband of Carmen, on her trail.
It seems that Carmen had betrayed the
man to justice when she tired of him and
he, having escaped, was thirsting for her
gore. Sullivan, who played the part with
great intensity, adopted a telling Svengali
makeup.
The end of the first act, though one of
the "variations," was really a clever bit of
dramatic invention on the part of the
authoress. Carmen has told Don Jose she
has tired of nim and he threatens
to kill her, whereupon she tries
to "bluff" him out of his purpose
by describing how she got rid of
her former husband. Now Garcia has
tracked her to her lair in the mountains,
he overhears this amiable confession and
darts forward to kill her. Carmen clings
to Don Jose, who defends her; the men
fight with daggers. Garcia is siain and
Don Jose staggers back wounded, calling '
Carmen. Instead of heeding him the
fickle gypsy leaves him lying there and
goes off after the toreador, who is still
beard singing without
There are many more departures from
Merimee and Bizet. Some of them tried
to rob the work of its local coloring — for
instance, divorce must be as easy there as
in Oklahoma, for Carmen always seems to
marry, for the time being, the gentleman
upon whom she has bestowed her fickle
affections.
In the title role Miss Hose Coghlan
modeled herself largely upon operatic
Carmens who have played the part before
her. She looked handsome, and in the
scenes of love and coquetry she was really
very clever and effective, but she proved
her3elf to be singularly lacking in the cat
like deviltry that is such a marked feature
of the part.
Miss Coghlan tried conscientiously to
give one the impression of arch-wicked
ness, but she did not succeed in convey
ing it. That she did not convey the im
pression of brooding tragedy in the card
scene that a good lyric Carmen gives was
probably no fault of hers. This scene de
mands the music to give it the splendidly
dramatic impression that it should convey.
Frederick Warde had some very happy
moments as Don Jose, though as a whole
he fell too much into the melodramatic
spirit of the whole performance. His love
scene in the garden with Carmen won
several curtain calls. Miss Anna Daly
made a very charming Mercedes, who in
the present edition substitutes Michaeila.
Beach was satisfactory as the toreador,
and the rest of the cast was also good.
Of the "turns" introduced in Lillas
Pastia's gardens the two best were Pro
fessor Lombardero's quartet and some
dances by Signorita Matildita, a premiere
danseuse who did not appeal to the audi
ence as she ought to hare done, fur she is
a woman whose like for accomplished
dancing is seldom seen on the local stage.
Taken altogether, it is safe to predict
prosperity for "Carmen" as a melodrama.
The works of Merimee and Bizet have
been vulgarized.it is true, but the new
production is thrilling, appeals to the eye
and is well put on the stage.
At the Columbia,.
It was Young Ladies' lnstitute night at the
Columbia last evening, as about 350 of the
members of that organisation, accompanied
by several members of the Catholic clergy,
were in attendance.
By request "The Charity Ball" was put on,
and tne reproduction did honor to those ex
cellent actors, the Frawley Company. Fora
reproduction of a play In so short a time, the
audience was remarkably large, few seat* re
maining empty. The boxes were mostly oc
cupied by the clergy and officers of the Young
Ladies' Institute. Miss Maxine Elliot as Ann
Cruger has an added charm for the theater
goer each succeeding night. As Mr. Frawley
has departed for the East, his character in the
play was filled by Tyrone Power, who did bo
well that from ah artistic point of view Mr.
Frawley was not missed.
.
Grand Opera-Home.
Last evening Jules Walters appeared at the
Grand Opera-house for his last week in the
railroad drama of "Sidetracked." He 1b cast
for the leading role as Horatio Xerxes Booth, a
new tramp in town and a representative In
Congresg. The piece is exciting and realistic,
with section-hands picking on the tracK and a
big locomotive smoking and puffing across the
stage. The tramp has many adventures, beat
ing his way over the country, and carries the
chief incidents 01 the play in His role. Gilbert
and Goldie and the Fricdlander Brother!, with
their songs, dances and instrumental melodies,
have been retained. The scenic attractions
are fully up to the standard.
At the Tivoli.
Another complete success was won last night
at tho Tivoli by the grand-opera company.
The work produced was Verdi's "Rlgoletto,"
and so great was the desire on the part of the
public to hear the excellent artists who were
to appear that the house was filled, and a
large crowd stood patiently at the back
throughout the performance.
Maurice de Vries, who sang the title-role,
nad already become a faf'orite with the public
on account of his excellent work in "Lucia."
His performance last night added greatly to
his popularity. His repulsive makeup, with
its red wig, and his halting gait were effective,
and he acted with spirit and conviction. His
fine resonant voice was well at home in the
telling barytone role, though ho indulged in
too copious a tremolo.
Fernando Michelena had another opportu
nity of chining as the dune. One of the great
charms of his voice is its perfect smoothness,
every note Is as clear and steady as a bell. It
goes without saying that his brilliant singing
of "La Donna Mobile" was encored. As for his
acting, it was tender and passionate, but never
exaggerated.
Mine. Natalie made a charming Gilda. The
scene in her garden was exquisitely sung, In
deed her whole part, both vocally aud his
trionically, was a constant pleasure to the
hearers. Miss Russell's voice was much less
tremulous than it had been, as the page in
"Komeo and Juliet," and consequently her
singing sounded better. Mine. Casatl was
satisiactory as Giovanna. Abramoff looked
imposing as Sparafuclle, and sang with
majesty and soirit.
The orchestra did much that cannot be too
highly praised under the direction of Gus
tave Hinrichs and the en or uses were amply
and well sung.
To-night "Romeo and Juliet" will be re
peated and on Wednesday "Rigoletto."
To-morrow wct-k, being Gustave Hinrichs'
twenty-fifth anniversary as a conductor, there
will be a gnia performance of "I Pagliacti" ut
the Tivoli. This will be followed by the pre
lude and the fantasia from "Hansei and Gre-
ML .
New Orpheom Attracttona-
One of the new events on the Orpheum's bill
last evening was the first appearance of John
and Marion Manola Mason in an operatic
sketch. This amusing musical couple have a
world-wide reputation, and having joined the
vaudeville ranks they have nchieved the same
successes that attended them in the legitimate
business. They are good drawing cards, being
comical, melodious and pleasing.
Another new feature is the engagement of
Professor Fred Macart and his comic baboon,
dog and monkey, which is tne best thing of its
kind in the country. The Donatos, two clever
one-legged dancers, also made their first ap
pearance in this City. The bright and sunny
fellows known as the Rossow Midgets have
been retained for another week. Other at
tractive numbers appear on the bill.
The Chutes Casino.
The attractions at the Chutes Casino for this
week will include Virginia Aragon, the high
wire artiste, the wonderful Mario Dunham
family, Miss Viola Sheldon, the soprano, and
the splendid Russian Imperial Orchestra.
GAULS WILL CELEBRATE
French Fete This Afternoon and
Evening at the Haight-Street
Grounds.
There Will Not Be a Parade Because
the French Military Companies
Have Disbanded.
All arrangements for the proper cele
bration in this City, by the members of
the French Colony, of the French national
fete, the anniversary of the taking of the
Bastile, were completed yesterday and
now nothing remains but the carrying out
of the prepared programme to a successful
termination.
Wliai in the past was a feature of these
celebrations will be omitted this year, and
that is the parade of French military and
civic organizations. This is due to the
fact that the French military organiza
tions have disbanded. The Lafayette
Guards and the French Zouaves have
ceased to exist, not wishing to reorganize
under the provisions of the new law
affecting volunteer companies. The cele
bration will be conducted under the
auspices of a general committee selected
fron- the various civic bodies, and the
work of preparation was entrusted to
various sub-committees.
That on literary exercises is composed
of P. A. Bergerot, E. J. Dupuy, L. Godon,
E. Marque, I. A. Fourquet. The commit-'
tee on illumination and fireworks is com
posed of J. Godard, L. Godon, A- Granger,
T. Sehabiugue, J. B. Pon. Those who are
on the ball committee are A. Bousquet, J.
B. Pon, T. Sehabiague. B. Olympic The
floor manager is A. Bousquet, and his
aids are B. Olvmpie, J. B. Pon, T. Seha
biague, A. Lassalle, G. Lacoste, E. Levil
lain, P. Delsol, A. Schmidt, J. Mialocq,
J. Balcera, J. Bauchou, B. Salles, L.
Lacaze. E. Cerciat, J. B. Etchart, J. P.
Canhape, H. Lacoste.
The celebration, as has already been an
nounced, will be Held at the Haight-street
grounds, commencing at 2 o'clock in tne
afternoon and continuing until 6 o'clock.
After an intermission of an hour the fes
tivities will be resumed, to be kept up
until the break of day. In addition to the
literary programme in the afternoop, al
ready published, there will be a perform
ance in the casino, in which Virginia
Aragon, the Merlo-Dunham family, Cap
tain Beach, Addle Favart and the Russian
Orchestra will take part, and there will be
games for the little ones.
In the evening the grounds will be bril
liantly illuminated. There will be a dis
play of fireworks, including several pa
triotic pieces, and this will be followed by
the ball. For the tirst time in the history of
the street railway sysiem the cars running
to the park will be operated all night.
Last evening a number of French resi
dents decorated their premises with flags
and bunting. The Wnite House, which
in past years was always noticeable for
lavish and artistic flae display, was bare
of tri-colored bunting and standards.
"The indications," said P. A. Bergerot
of the general committee last evening,
''are that we shall have one of the best
celebrations we have ever had."
Tired of Life.
Thomas Felice, who lives at Twenty-sixth
and Capp streets, jumped into the bay yester
day afternoon from the Powell-street wharf.
He was rescued by Policeman Ferguson and
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon. Felice said he had been sick for a long
time and was tired of life.
Con*tine]ls Insolvent.
Abraham Constlne, a grocer and household
goods dealer doing business at 1403 Buchanan
street, has filed a petition in insolvency. He
owes $3358 64 ana his assets amount to $2000.
The sea-cucuiuber, one of the curious
jelly bodies that inhabit the ocean, can
practically efface himself when in danger
by squeezing the water out of hia body
and lorcing nimseif into a narrow crack —
so narrow as not to be visible to the naked
eye. He can throw out nearly the whole
of his inside and yet live and grow it
again.
Remember that Colonel Andrews of the Dia
mond Palace is still selling his fine stock of
diamonds, watches and silver at cost in order
to close business. 221 Montgomery street.
iou will save at least 30 per cent. •
HOMING PIGEONS
READY TO FLY.
Establishment of a Carrier
Service for This City's
Benefit.
MAY BE BROUGHT ABOUT
An Offer Made by A. Carlisle
to the Trustees of the Cham
ber of Commerce.
LONG DISTANCES TRAVERSED.
It Is Considered That a Simple System
of .Considerable Benefit Might
Be Easily Inaugurated.
The talk concerning the establishment
of a carrier pigeon or homer pigeon ser
vice for the advantage of the shipping and
commerce of the port of San Francisco
Some of tho Fine Birds Which Are Now in Training for the Races.
has reached, possibly, the point of action.
Already homer pigeons are used on the
Atlantic coast to establish communication
between vessels out at sea and the main
land. There has been for some time, a
daily service iv existence between Halifax,
N. 8., and Sable Island. The Navy De
partment of the United States has taken
measures to establish lofts or stations
along the coast of the Atlantic and the
Gulf of Mexico and ultimately a complete
system of such stations will extend from
the most northern harbor of Maine to the
most westerly harbor of Texas.
To bring about the establishment of the
desired service of homer pigeons here, a
communication has been addressed to the
Board of Trußteos of the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco by A. Carlisle,
who offers to supply, for experimental
service, the free use of fifty pairs of
thoroughbred homer birds.
The communication in reference to this
matter was forwarded yesterday afternoon.
In addition to his offer of a loan of his
birds, Mr. Carlisle also promised that if
the Chamber of Commerce will assist him
to enlist the co-operation of shipmasters
and others, he will provide free loft room,
and will bring pigeons across tie bay from
his lofts in Berkeley to give a daily service.
.Mr. Carlisle has discussed the plun of using
homer pigeons to secure a iegular weather
service between the Farallones and San
Francisco with Mr. Hammonof the United
States Weather Bureau, who strongly
favors the idea. The homer pigeons in
trials in this State have flown long
distances. Mr. Carlisle says that his birds
have covered the distance between Oroville
and San Francisco and Fresno and San
Francisco with ease.
Basing his opinion upon these trials, he
has no hesitation in saying that it will be
practicable to take birds out as far as 150
miles from this port. That is so far be
yond the present range of local observa
tion from the mainland or from the Far
allooes that manifold advantages can be
fcafely anticipated. The discovery of dere
licts, the continuance of calms which pre
vent ships from coming into port accord
ing: to expectation, deaths on outward
bound vessels, ships or cargoes on fire,
collisions or other casualties demanding
prompt assistance from trie shore could be
reported with very little delay, Mr. Car
lisle gays.
The plan which is proposed for the con
sideration of the Trustees of the Chamber
of Commerce is very simple. Mr. Carlisle
says that he will bring over daily, or have
brought over daily, pigeons to be sent to
sea upon pilot-boats, tugs, sailing vessels
or ot;ier craft, and he will provide instruc
tions for the handling of the birds. It will
be necessary to teach tne birds what is re
quired of them, and for this reason they
must be taken seaward varying and in
creasing distances until they reach the
greatest distance from shore at which it is
proposed to utilize their services. The
distance from the Farallones is co small,
in comparison with the flying capacity of
the pigeons, that they will be able to un
dertake early the transmission of mes
sages between the Farallones and this
City. Tba communication once estab
lished can be maintained at very small
expense.
The lack of communication which has
led to the continual urging by the Cham
ber of Commerce of the construction of a
cable to unite San Francisco ana the Far
allones still exists. While there is no
oabie the homer pigeon line might be util
ized as a very acceptable substitute, the
best that can be provided. The use of
the birds far out at sea will always be val
uable. Captain Merry, secretary of the
Chamber oi Commerce, believes that Mr.
Carlisle's move is in the right direction,
and he is quite enthusiastic concerning it.
The communication addressed to the j
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce by
Mr. Carlisle asks for early action by the
chamber. Illustrating what has been done
On the Atlantic Coast be quotes the fol
lowins ftom the New York Tribune:
"Secretary Herbert is convinced from |
the practical results which have been ob- !
tamed during the past few years with the ;
pigeons from the Government cote at An- j
napohs that a carrier pigeon as a messen- '
ger between ship and shore would be a '
valuable addition for strategic purposes in i
time of war."
The stations on the Atlantic Coast and
Gulf of Mexico, for which Secretary Her
bert has already arranged, are at Ports- i
mouth, N. H., Boston, Newport, New Lon- I
don. Conn., Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Wash- I
ington, Annapolis, Norfolk, Port Royal,
Pensacola and Key West, and secondary
stations will soon t>« established at Port
land, Me., Cape Hatteras or Wilmington, ■
St. Angustine, and Juniper Island and
Tampa, the last three named places being
in Florida, and also at Galveston.
The arrangement proposed by Mr. Car- '
lisle he considers as only a temporary ex
pedient. After the experiments "have
demonstrated to the entire satisfaction of
shipping men and others what can actu- ;
ally be accomplished, it will be inexpe
dient to have the station at Berkeley be
cause that would involve the transporta
tion of the birds daily across the bay and I
would be inconvenient in many respects. j
He has in view the ultimate location of j
the station on Goat Island, partly because !
the Naval Training Station of the United
States will be located there and also largely
because that will be a convenient place
from wbich to take the birds to put them !
on outgoing ships. The trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce will come together
next Tuesday and the communication will
probably meet with some action at that
time. If a recommendation shall be made j
by the trustees to the chamber, action will
soon follow.
W. H. Deming of 714 Ellis street and
J. V. de Laveaga of 1228 Geary street, two
enthusiastic pigeon fanciers of this City,
have lately imported from ' Europe and the
East various varieties of fancy pigeens.
Twenty-five pairs of long-distance homing
pigeons have been imported by these gen
tlemen direct from Belgium. All these
Dirds have records of 550 miles, and have
won in every important race of Europe.
They have also imported from the loft of
Robert Joos, Peoria, 111., a pair of magpie
pigeons. These birds are very attractive
and beautiful en account of their mark
ings. They are the first magpies ever
brought to California, and will be very
attractive in the next show. Mr. Deming
imported a pair of prize-winning English
carriers from the loft of Havemyer Bros.,
New York ; also three pairs of Dragoons
from J. C. Morris of Concord and two
pairs of the same variety from C. E.
Twombly of Boston. J. V. de Laveaga
has also nine pairs of prize-winning owls
which arrived recently. Tney are from
the loft of G. W. Eckert, Allentown, Pa.
F. S. CHADBOURNE FAILS.
The Harbor Commissioner and
Furniture King Files
His Petition.
He Says That H s Action Is the Con
summation of an Old Sym
pathetic Strike.
Colonel F. S. Chadbourne filed his peti
tion in bankruptcy yesterday.
Colonel Chadbourne has been known as
the great furniture man of the coast. His
wares have been in every market from
the Mexican line— perhaps below that— to
the Aleutian islands. He had branch
houses in Portland, Seattle, Los Angeles
and San Diego.
In 1892 his upholsterers struck— one of
those sympathetic strikes for which no ill
treatment of his own was responsible. The
strike spread through the Federated
Trades.
After a seige 'of six months Colonel
Chadbourne retired from the business,
selling out at auction at great loss. Since
then tne shrinkage in values has com
pleted what the compulsory closing out
of his business began and the filing of the
petition in bankruptcy was made yester
day.
Kagle Kepublican Club.
, At a special meeting of the Eagle Republican
Club, held last evening, the following resolu
tions were unanimously adopted: '
• Whkrkas, The eighteen gentlemen constitut
ing the Republican County Committee have seen
fit to Increase the number of the said committee to
thfr;y-slx members ■ for the purpose of advancing
the interests of tbe Republican voters In the City
and County of ban Francisco, therefore be it
Resolved, That the Eagle Republican Club of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District does hereby heart
ily indorse* the action of the ' Republican County
Committee; and be it further ' ~m ■■■■ mi iiaimfi iw I
Resolved, That the ' Eagle . Republican . Club of
North Beach earnestly ■ requests each and every
Republican voter of the said district to sustain the
action of the County Committee in the said mat
ter, and not to enter into the fight of any other or
ganization that may exist in the said district; and
be it further -: - . : -
■>■ Setoivfd, That a copy of these resolutions be sent
to , the Hon. ■■ J. I). Sprecicels and the Republican
County Committee, also that a copy be published
in the dally papers. Pi fjffTJltiftMfatoflUffiaM
Reduced the Capital Stock.
The certified copy of the proceedings of the
board of directors of the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company In reducing the capi
tal stock of the corporation from $2,000 UOO
to $1,000,000 was filed in the County d erk's
office yesterday.
hew to-dat: : '.',
»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»
fSALTand |
I PEPPER!
* 2
♦ . «-ct3> SHAKERS— i
J> 4 W>: Rich Cut Glass, 3/
♦ £i-«*84i»"- W ith heavy sil- 2,
(8* p^'SKf l^^^ ver-plated tops, J
* J^~— m±. 3 fine shapes, at 2)
> Jgg M? * i^^'^v 20 cent 3 each. 2,
■V Bj\ XV Cut Mustard 2
♦ » BS| fl. Pots to match X
♦ SR RH at 40 cents.
♦ h I Monday.Tues- dp
SI fjlday, Wednes-
I 9 day only.
t^^ Ed ~ ~-~" —
♦IS w Also 75 Deco- J
♦ VHI HT rated China V
♦ -^^g^fgjjggj^p^"- Large J? lower- J
pots at $1.10, $1-45 and $1.75 each. J
* These are one-third less than regu. £
I lar prices. . _ >f
S Those popular Stamp Plates go at *
■ » 10 cents each until Wednesday night. ♦
:*•:—■-■ • ■ '■ — ; ' : ■.-■': ; , *
♦ THAT BIG CHINA STORE- «
♦ J Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's. *
$ WANGENHEIM, BTERNHEIM & 00., «
* 528 and 530 Market St., *
527 and 29 Sutter St., }
,» BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
KNITi!"INGCO.
ijp 103-105 Post St.
IT^© TAKK ELEVATOR.
WE HAVE
ISR REMOVED
\S \sTs: To Above Address
/mfllVyN. ADd you will always be
IFQ !i fl\y welcome to examine our
ll£l 11 \v\ entirely new and beautl-
/■■■ J 1 1 »V ful lmos of
M Bali
Sweaters, m
BICYCLE AND ATHLETIC SUITS,
UNDERWEAR, ETC.
CORRECT STYLES !
MOST REASONABLE PRICES!
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALKRS-You can do best with ns. Write as
for trade prices.
BRAND
NEW
A HIGH
PICK QRADE
up BICYCLES
$60.
All Standard High Grade Wheels,
Up to Date in Every Particular.
EVERY XfIETJbLJQXSXj
roxxT
FOR ONE YEAR.
. Don't Miss This Opportunity.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR
"THE FOWLER"
The Original Truss Frame.
The Most Highly Finished Bicycle
in the World.
PRICE $100.
Cash or Installments.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER . JULY 1. 1896 THE
Spring valley Water Works propose] to
undertake the delivery of water at. such wharves
in this city as are supplied with Its hydrants!
Written applications for water are to be made »c
the water office, which the Harbor Comml,
propose to erect on the seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be informed at the above office, at the time of
making such applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will bo supplied. Keasonabl*
notice must be given in all cases, and appHcaUona
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
L n ?, hours of 7a. m. and sp. m. daily, Sundays a^d
«hem?sef XW ?^, >rilnle " BpeSSfy cont^ctel
By order of the Board of Directors.
PKLHAM W.AMES, secretary.
•^^^^i^aj^ FIF TY-DOLLAR
BELTS
«>£Gr'^^SrJ» i* *} ; °Bood belts for
/?f* SRrcr'fjNV* ; * 6 - ww patent and all
: .1 ' ■ •sliiJv -."• '.' improvements, flay Call
■*^t^ . or write for new pamphlet
«2c*rwT ,Jzl f°*J 70 * Sacramento st., cor. Kearay.
••wad, mini and fourth floors, San i ? ranci3ca^^PIERSON'S CHECK
IN MANY PIECES,
He Is Under a Charge of
Robbery in Conse
quence.
AN INTERESTING CASE.
Accused of Stealing, Tearing and
Swallowing the Bit of
Paper.
HE CLAIMS IT WAS HIS OWN.
The Complaining Witness Is Mrs. C.
B. Yerex, Clerk in a Collec
tion Agency.
Eugene Pierson, an artist for the
Eureka Art Company, Flood building, is
in the unenviable position of bein?
booked at the City Prison on the charge of
robbery.
Pierson did not pull a gun and present
it at any one's head with a demand for
money on pain of death. He simply tore
up a check which was handed to him by a
lady and according to the lady's story
swallowed the pieces.
According to appointment Pierson
called at the office of George W. Hollister,
Eugene Pearson.
room 503, Spreckels building, Market
street, between 12 and 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. He was indebted to Mrs. Lib
bey, another artist for the Eureka Art
Company, in the Bum of |9 and Mrs. Lib
bey had given the note into Hollister's
hands for collection.
Mrs. Libbey had received from Pierson
a check for ?30 on the Security Savings
Bank of Minneapolis, which she claims
she was to hold as collateral security.
When Pierson called Holllster was out,
but Mrs. C. B. Yerex, bis clerk, received
him. He asked to see the papers in con-
nection with Mrs. Libbey's claim, and
Mrs. Yerex handed them to him. Pierson,
to Mrs. Yerex's surprise, tore the check
into pieces.
Then there was a scene. Mrs. Yerex
called Attorney J. J. Doran. whose office
adjoins Hoilister's, to her assistance, and
Doran and a gentleman wbo happened to
be in the office detained Pierson while
Mrs. Yerex telephoned to the Central
police station for an officer. Policeman
Thomas Cavanagh answered the call and,
as instructed, arrested Pierson on a charge
of robbery. He was searched for the
pieces of the check, but they could not be
found.
Mrs. Yerex was seen later. She said
that Pierson's note to Mrs. Libbey was
due yesterday. He called and asked to
see the papers. "I handed them to him,"
she said, "and without any explanation
he tore up the check. Mr. Hollister was
out, and as I was in charge of the office
and responsible for the documents in it I
felt angry at the trick played upon me.
"There was a gentleman in the office
who was a witness to what occurred. He
and Mr. Doran searched Pierson for the
torn pieces of the check, but they could
not find them, and Pierson admitted h«
had chewed and swallowed them."
Mrs. Libbey was also seen. She said
she first loaned Pierson $4 and then $5 and
he gave her a note for the $9, payable yes
terday, and also the check as security.
"The check was for $30," she said. "It
was drawn on the Security Saying Bank
of Minneapolis in favor of Pierson and
was signed J. W. Taylor. I am afraid
there was something crooked about that
check, otherwise he would not have done
away with it."
Pierson, who is a gentlemanly looking
young fellow 22 years of age, feels his posi
tion keenly. He was at first disinclined
to talk, but ultimately told his story with
out reservation.
"I admit owing Mrs. Libbey the $9,*' he
said, "but the note is not due till next
Monday. It will speak for itself. Hollis
ter had been dunning me for the money
and on July 4 he asked me to call Satur
day, but I told him I couldn't, but would
call on Monday.
"1 aecertained that Mrs. Libbey had
piven Hollister the check for $30 which I
gave her to keep for me under circum
stances and conditions that she knows
very well. It was not given as collateral
security and had nothing to do with the
debt I owed her. I was angry at her giv
ing the check into Hoilister's custody, and
when Mrs. Yerex handed it to me to-day
I tore it up for good and sufficient reasons.
"In the first place it was wrongfully in
Hoilister's custody and in the next place it
was my own check. It was not signed by
I. W. Taylor. It was signed by myself
»nd made payable to a man in Minneapo
is, whose name I do not care to mention.
lliat man is my debtor and I had given
nstructions to Jake Raver to bring suit
igainst him for recovery of the sums he
sweB me.
"It was not reasonable I should wish
:bat another check payable to him should
available for circulation when I was
!>rinfrinp suit against him for money
'iready due to me. These were the rea
ions why I tore up the check.
"It is not true that I confessed to having
wallowed the pieces of the check. I am
Either a paper nor glass eater.
'I have been in this City about two
«ars and a half. I have worked for the
'bionicle and also for the Globe Publisli-
ing Company during that time, and am
now employed by the Eureka Art
Company.
IS IT ABDUCTION?
Strange Reports As to the Unhappy
Life of a Little Mexican
Boy.
A strange case of inhumanity has been
reported at the office of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. A
Mexican woman living in one of the by
ways of the Latin quarter has been ob
served beating and otherwise abusing a
boy of 12 years, who is generally believed
to be her son or grandson. From a pri
vate source, however, information has
been received at the society's headquar
ters to the effect that the "boy was ab
ducted from his home in Mexico by a son
of the woman.
The case is being thoroughly investi
gated, and if found to be as stated an
effort will be made to send the boy back
to his home and family.
DON'T LIKE SIEBE'S FIGURES.
Two Big Protest* Sent in to the Board
of Equalization.
Among the protests against assessments
sent in to the Board of Equalization yes
terday were two from large corporations—
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank and the
Mutual Electric Light Company.
The bank wanted its assessed valuation
reduced from $461,250 to $4500, on the
ground that its fixtures, amounting to tbe
latter sum, are the only assets taxable in
this state, all the reat being exempt.
The light company complained that it
was assessed for a $50,000 franchise which
it does not possess and that its own state
ment was the only correct one.
DEPENDS ON THE COURT,
The Donahue Fountain May
or It May Not Be
Erected.
The Executors of the Estate Are
Awaiting Jndge Argelotti's
Decision.
The decision of Judge Angelotti of
Marin County will determine whether a
fountain shah be erected in San Francisco
in honor of the memory of Peter Donahue.
This question, growing out of the settle
ment of the estate of J. Mervyn Donahue,
was submitted to the court in San Rafael
Jane 16, and a decision may be given any
day.
Colonel Mervyn Donahue desired that a
fountain should be erected at the intersec
tion of Bush, Battery and Market streets,
which should in a sense honor tbe me
chanics of San Francisco and perpetuate
the memory of his father. Accordingly a
provision was made in his will devising
$25,000 to carry out the enterprise.
Counsel for the widow of the testator
argued before the court at San Rafael that
the bequest was a charity, and objected to
the expenditure of that amount of money
belonging to the estate.
The executors of the will of J. Mervyn
Donahue knew that the testator cherished
this idea of a public fountain, which
should stand as a monument to the mem
ory of .Peter Donahue, and are therefore
desirous of carrying out the bequest ac
cording to the terms of the will. The tes
tator had in view more than the single
purpose of honoring the Donahue name.
He desired to render a tribute to the me
chanics of San Francisco, as the founder
of the Donahue fortune was a hard-work
ing and successful mechanic
The estate of J. Mervyn Donahue was
large, but there were many debts to liqui
date and business enterprises to adjust.
The heirs may not have received as much
money B8 they expected, yet very large
sums have been paid to them — sums so
lame that the fountain bequest seems
trivial.
Peter McGlynn, one of the executors of
the estate, was asked yesterday what the
prospects were for building the fountain.
He replied that everything depended on
tne decision of the court, which might be
rendered any day. He was hopeful the
decision might be favorable to "the cause
which Mr. Hanlon, the attorney of the ex
ecutors, represented During the hearing
of the case in San Rafael the Judge made
several suggestions or observations which
served to indicate that he did not regard
the provision fora fountain as a charitable
bequest as common sense and law in
terpret charity.
Mr. McGlynn said: "If the court de
cides in our favor we will proceed at once
to erect the fountain. Should the court
hold that the bequest is a charity and sub
ject to tbe limitations of charitable De
quests the fountain will not be erected."
• — ♦ — •
School children in Victoria, Australia,
are carried on the tramcars free.
Henry Frohman, of the firm of Xohlberg, Straus* & Frohman, is erecting a residence at the southeast corner of Clay and
Locust streets, that will be, when completed, one of the prettiest houses in that section of the City. The description of
the house is furnished by Balfield <fe Kohiberg, the architects for the same. The lot is 62:6 by 110. The house is to be a two-stoiy
structure with finished basement and attic. It is to be of modern style of architecture. From the street, marble steps lead to a
wide portico, and thence into the reception-hall. The latter is 13:6 by 22, and will be finished in natural curly redwood. The
ceilings will be of beams ana panels of this wood. From the reception-hall, sliding doors lead into the reception-room, music
room, dining-room, smoking-room and conservatory. The dining and smoking-rooms are to be finished in the same style as the
reception-hali, Ihe music and reception rooms will be finished in white and gold. A broad staircase leads from the reception
room to the basement to a social room 32 by 35. On the second floor, which is reached by a massive oak staircase, are located bed
rooms, a library and sitting-room, bathrooms, large closets, etc. ; while in tbe attic are servants' rooms and a large playroom
nursery, etc. The house will be supplied with all modern conveniences, and the large lot will permit the laying out of a pretty and
attractive lawn and flower garden. It is expected that the house will be ready to be occupied about January L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
HURRYING THE
LAGGARD VOTERS.
Measures Taken by the
Election Commis
sioners.
THE TIME GROWS SHORT.
Twenty Additional Office Clerks
to Be Appointed at
Once.
CHOOSING ELECTION OFFICERS
A Special Meeting on That Subject to
Be Held To-Morrow Morn
ing.
The Board of Election Commissioners
have aroused to the fact that danger exists
that all the voters of San Francisco will
not be registered by the time registration
closes on August 3, and this as well as
other important matters occupied the
Commissioners at yesterday's session.
In order to facilitate registration in
every possible way it was decided to hire
at once twenty additional clerks at $ 125
per month each to insure prompt attend
ance on those who call at the bnreau to go
through the necessary form. Heretofore
the office has been open on Saturday
nights only, but from now until August 3
it will be open for the accommodation of
prospective voters from 7 to 9 each even
ing.
In order to warn all voters that their
time for registering is growing short, it
was decided to employ five wagons to
travel the streets, carrying transperancies
calling attention to the date of closing and
telling voters where they may register.
This measure was tbe result of an opinion
rendered by City and County Attorney
Cresweil, that while he was inclined to
think that precinct registration would be
legal he was not at all sure, and thought
that it would be better to be on the safe
side and hare all of the San Francisco vo
ters register at the Hall.
Both wings of the local Democracy were
represented at the meeting, Messrs. Roth
child, Donovan and O'Brien looking after
Buckley's interests, while Max Popper
kept an eagle eye on those of the Junta. ■
When the question of selecting election
officers came up, and it became apparent
that the time-honored custom of allowing
the County Committees to select the
names of those who are to serve was to be
kicked over in favor of a new plan, there
was a scurrying on both sides.
Commissioner Cresweil exploded the
bomb when he mentioned the plan to be
pursued. It was to appoint two Demo
crats and one Republican and allow them i
to select the names. These men must be j
citizens above reproach and competent to
select proper officials.
When this committee has finished its
work it will hand the result of its labors
over to the commission, which will revise
the list to suit its own ideas.
The plan was perfectly satisfactory to
the Republicans and Junta representatives
present, but did not suit the Buckleyites,
who talked of chances lor fraud and other
disagreeable things including a combina
tion between the Republicans and Junta
people to shut out the "regulars."
No vote was taken on the plan, though
all the Commissioners expressed them
selves in favor of it and it will be further
discussed at a special meeting to be held
on Wednesday morning next.
Registration is increasing day by day
and yesterday the office was crowded from
opening to closinghours.
Judge Hebbar* will hold court this even
ing, between the uouri of 7 and 9 o'clock, i
to naturalize citizens. The Jast day for I
naturalization will be August 3, 1896.
Two Runaway* Yesterday.
While Dr. I. W. O'Rourke was driving on the
San Bruno road yesterday morning, with his
little son and Milk Inspector Dockery. the
horse ran away, the occupants were thrown
from the buggy and the doctor is afflicted with
a compound fracture of one of his legs below
the knee. He waa removed to the German
Hospital. The otheri were not hurt.
A runaway horse, belonging to Wessel Bros.,
ran through the plate-glass window of a shoe
store at 328 Bush street yesterday morning,
and it was luckj for customers inside that the
buggy stuck in the window- frames and held
the horse. Proprietor Utachlg of the shoestore
laments the damage of considerable stock In
addition to the loss ol $50 worth fjf plate
glass. _
SESNON'S SLEEK MOVE.
He Is Said to Have Rented Himself a
House at a Low Figure.
AKnes M. Agar and John G. Agar have
brought serious charges against John J.
Sesnon, wno durine the lifetime of Joseph
Macdonough was that gentleman's confi
dential agent.
The Agars were appointed executors of
the will of the wealthy coal merchant, and
Sesnon was retained in their employ after
Macdonough's death. As confidential
agent he knew more about the business
and holdings of the estate than did the
executors, hence his advice was taken in
consummating many transactions. It is
charged that Sesnon abused the confidence
reposed in him and while pretending to
lease some Market-street property belong
ing to the estate to one James "Winslow
really leased it to himself, through Wins
low, at a rate much below what should
have been obtained.
The property in question is situated on
Market street, just west of Spear, and was
leased to James Winslow on July 23, 1895,
for a terra of hve years, at a rental of $250
per month.
In the complaint filed it is claimed that
the lease was made at the advice of John
J. Sesnon, the executors believing that he
was acting as their agent and in their in
terest. .Now it is believed Winslow was
employed by apd acting in tne interest of
Sesnon to procure the lease and hold it in
trust for him. At any rate, Winalow has
since assigned the lease to George H. Ses
non, a brother of the defendant, who has
sublet the premises for a total rental of
$310 per month.
It v therefore prayed that the lease to
Winslow be set aside and declared void.
OPENING A NEW AVENUE,
South San Francisco to Have a
Pleasant Drive to the
Five-Mile House.
Contracts Let and Work to Commence
as Soon as the Surveys
Are Made.
Sonth San Francisco is expecting to be
brought into prominence by tbe extension
of Railroad avenue from Eighteenth ave
nue to the Five-Mile House before another
year passes. To obtain this desirable re
sult it will be necessary to grade that
avenue from its intersection with
Eighteenth avenue to its connection with
the main County road at the Five-mile
House.
The contiact to accomplish this has
been already let in two sections, and the
City and County Surveyor has now men
in the field fixing the grades.
As soon as this work is complete, which
; will be in the course of two weeks, the
contractors will start on the job and push
it to completion before the autumn rains
impede their labors.
The first section from Eighteenth aye
! nue to Twenty-fourth has been let to
John Kelso and the second section to M.
C. Hogan, who is now cutting down N
1 street on the east side of the Catholic
I Orphan Asylum, between Fifteenth and
Eighteenth avenues.
When this work is finished it will afford
! a splendid driveway Irorn the eastern por
tion of the City along Kentucky street to
the San Bruno road and county line, skirt
ing along the San Francisco bay through a
scenic valley rich in vegetable gardens and
dairy farms.
The Market-street railroad combine has
given hopes that the electric line of cars
will run on this new thoroughfare as soon
as finished, thus opening up tli» fertile
valley for residence buildings, whfch will
afford a pleasant location for the thous
ands of workingmen employed about the
Potrero who are by necessity compelled to
live in the narrow streets and lanes of a
! crowded city, and who are subject to
double carfare at the whim of Mr. Vining
should they wish a transfer from any of
the direct lines running in that direction,
as is the case with the Filimore and Ken
tucky streets line.
In addition to this proposed roadwork,
Thirteenth avenue, between L and M
j streets, on the east side of Railroad avenue,
is bcine cut down to grade, and will when
finished extend the building area of that
section as a business center, a necessity
long felt by the residents.
New Sub-Station.
F. H. Jones, First Assistant Pos'master-Gen
eral, has authorized the establishing on August
1 of a sub-station in the Emporium building.
The compensation is fixed at $100 per annum,
the sew office to be known as station H.
I Mumps and money orders will be sold aud let
ters registered at the new branch. No carriers,
however, will be In attendance at station H.
Mr. Edison receives 8000 letters a week.
FREE TELEPHONES
FOR THE CITY
Supervisor Taylor Demands
Them for a Fran
chise.
PRESENT COST OF BOXES
The Municipality Pays Over
Fourteen Thousand Dollars
Per Annum.
MUNICIPAL BUILDING AWARDS
Banks Gets Second Prize, Mooser
Third and Havens & Toepke
Fourth.
Cbairman Taylor of the Finance Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors was "loaded
for bear" when the question of awarding
the franchise asked for by the People's
Mutual Telephone Company came up be
fore the board yesterday, and declared
himself distinctly against tbe giving away
of any more valuable franchises.
"I have been looking this matter ud,"
he said, "and I find that its telephone ser
vice costs the City annually $14,048 48,
which sum I will venture to say is far
greater than most of the members of this
board imagined it was.
"One of these franchises offers the City
forty telephones free of charge, and the
other 100 phones, with an additional fifty
boxes within ten years. Ido not consider
either of these offers to be sufficient. We
have 300 telephone boxes in use in the dif
ferent departments of this City govern
ment, and I think that the corporation or
company receiving the franchise should
give us these free of charge.
"Telephones are costing the City alto
gether too much, and some means should
be devised to regulate the matter. I find
that in one municipal department the
office is charged $G0 per month for switches
alone, most of whicli were used by out-
side parties. This is not right, and I
think that the regulation of tbe matter
should receive the serious attention of
this board."
It was decided to consider the subject of
the franchise at a special meetinc to be
held at 2:30 o'clock on Monday next.
The question of awarding the second,
third and fourth premiums for tbe designs
for the new municipal building was taken
up, and after eight ballots had been taken
the second prize of $750 went to W. O.
Banks with seven votes. For the third
prize of $500 Mooser <fe Mooser had eight
votes on the first ballot and were awarded
the premium. Havens & ToepKe received
the fourth prize of $250 with ten votes on
the first ballot.
Supervisor Taylor introduced a resolu
tion closing all saloons in San Francisco,
except by special permit, between the
hours of 12 m. and 6a. m. It was referred
to the Health and Police Committee.
The old fight between red and blue rock
was reopened when Supervisor Dimond
introduced a resolution allowing con
tractors to use red rock in street work.
The measure was referred to the meeting
of the board to be held on the telephona
franchise.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Detailed Report of All the Work on
the Streets Before the <
Board.
The following is a full account in sum
mary form of the street improvements
considered by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday :
■ AWABD OF COKTBACTS. , •
Baker. Tonquln to Lewis— Macadam roadway 72
cents, redwood curbs 15 cents, plank sidewalks 80
cents, Warner & Malley.
Cole, Frederick to Carl— Wtoue sidewalks BVo
cents, United Paving Companies. . .
Cole, Wai to Frederick— Stone sidewalk! 9
cents, Fltnn <& Troncy.
Clayton. Waller to Frederick— Stone sidewalks 9
cents. Fltnn & Treacy.
Sheridan and Ninth, corner— Stone sidewalk
* 30. W. J. Forde.
; Lyon. Jackson to Pacific— Stone sidewalks, 14 Va
cents, Gray Bros. ■ ' • ■ - . , .
Hermann. Laguna and Market— Ten-Inch sewer
73 cents, fourteen-lnch sewer. 93 cents, manhole
each 9*28 50, Daniel Kelleher. • • .••.-, -
RESOLUTION ORDERING STRKETWOBK.
Caledonia alley, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Stone
sidewalks.
Eighteenth and .nop crossing— Bitumen.
Htelner, Green to Union— Basalt.
■ Vallejo, Peirce to Scoit— Cobbles. .
Mission, Tenth to Eleventh— stone sidewalks. !
Twenty-fifth. Florida to York— sidewalks.
Twenty-second and Dolores, northeast, southeast
and northwest corners— stone sidewalks.
Fiilmore, Green to Vallejo— Bitumen sidewalks,
cobbles. - -'■
Lyon, California to Pine— Bitumen. .
Linden avenue, Buchanan to Webster— Basalt.
Linden avenue. Laguna to Buchanan— Basalt.
. Myrtle, Octavia to Laguna— Bitumen.
Orange, Twenty-fifth to Twenty -sixth— Bitumen.
Octavla, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen.
Pierce . and. ll Granite cross-walks, basalt.
Peirce, Eddy to Ellis— Bitumen.
Steiner, Oak to Pace— Basalt. •
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO OBDEH BTBKST
S£3pS WORK.
Central avenue and Hayes crossing — I
■ Masonic avenue and Halght crossing— Bitumen,
. Halght, Masonic avenue to Ashbury— Bitumen,
curb and sidewalks.
Haiant and Ashbury crossing— Bitumen.
Bight, Asnbury to Clayton— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks. '■' .••.-:
Halght and Clayton crossing— Bitumen. : ■
Height, Clayton <to Cole— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks. ■ , • >
Uaight and Cole crossing— Bitumen. : v
. Halght, Cole to Shrader— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks. :
■ Hatght and sbrader crossing— Bitumen. ■ ''
Halght, Shrader to Htanyan— Bitumen, curb and
sidewalks.' HUKtMJ^VH/SHittJ! ftfclJHTWtrtßMaotww
tranches, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth— Plank
sidewalks. •■. ' -
! Waller, Thirteenth to Fourteenth, west side— '
granite curb. 'iffWHjjif lIF i »MB|nli > _'iMr»'itefl3
Powell, Green to Union, west side— Sidewalks. ■
Clay and Flllmore, northwest corner— sidewalk.
Guerrero. Fourteenth :to Fifteenth— Curb and
sidewalks. ; ■> . ■". -. '.'■■■. • . . -
Fourteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Sidewalks.
Seventeenth, Castro to Douglass— Sidewalks.
', RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO CHANGE GRADES.
i Mariposa and Pennsplvanla avenue— 2l feet.
Mariposa and lowa— 3o feet. • .
, : Mariposa and Indiana— l 7 feet.
. lowa and jMariposa— 3d feet.
Mariposa, l£o feet east of Pennsylvania avenue
—so feet. .".':■: . ■ .
GRADES TO BE FINISHED.
Harrison, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth.
Twenty-sixth, Harrison to Treat avenue.
Treat avenue, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth.
BIDS REJKCTKD.
Halght, Shrader to Stanyan— Sewer.
Berry. Sixth to Seventh— Basalt.
Guerrero, Army to Twenty-seventh— Plauk sWe
walk.
BIDS RKADVKRTISKD.
California and Fllimore— Stone sidewalk.
Walnut and Central avenue— Sewer.
PROTESTS TO BK HEARD.
Minna, First to Second— Against stone sidewalks,
July -J7, 3 p. m.
Thirteenth, Sanchez to Noe— Against stone side
walks, July a 7, 3 p. it
STBEET RAILWAY TO PAVE BETWEEN TRACKS.
Eighth. Market to Folsom— Superintendent of
Streets to have street between tracks improved.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Fulton, Lyon to Central avenue— Bitumen.
Hardy, Sixteenth to Pevente.nth— Bitumen.
Noe. Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Bitumen.
Sacramento, Locust to spruce— Bitumen.
Pierce, Edny to Kllis— Bitumen.
Berry. Sixth lo Seventh— Basalt.
Groen and Franklin cronsing— Basalt.
Waller De Long to Masonic — Sewer.
Seventh avenue, X to L— John Tuttle, curbs,
grading, etc
Chnrch, ! Seventeenth to Eighteenth—
sewer, manholes, etc. •■.■■' •
Sixth, a to B— Sewer. .
Sixth and Sewer. ,
STREETS lIPDXOED FROM MAP.
Treat avenue, through Mission blocks 49 and 50.
.i.? 0111 commencing at Railroad and Thirty
third avenues south. • >- - ■
City Engineer to furnish cost of grades.
Railroad avenue, Twenty-fourth to Thirtieth
avenues south; cost $262 50. - v -
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
Baker, Beach , to \ Tonquln— Macadam, etc, 90
''"•° ■ J ln>TlfifTßrr^igißifli ■
! Baker, Lombard to Beach— Macadam, etc., 80
days. -*. -'>**SHB6BSBG)B6fe-. ■ . .
. Broderick •. and Chestnut crossing— Macadam,
etc., 90 days. i
Webster, Francisco to Bay— Macadam, etc., 90
days. , ' '
Webster and Bay crossing— Macadam, etc, 90
days. ' •
Eighteenth avenue South and X street South
crossing— Macadam, 80 days.
Jefferson, Broderlck to Baker— Grade, 90 days.
- A' street South, Tenth to Eleventh avenue south
— Grade, etc.. 90 days. -■■::■
N street South. Twelfth to Thirteenth avenue
South—Grade, etc. 90 days.
Fifteenth and San Bruno avenue crossing-
Grade, etc., 90 days.
Baker, Tonquin to Lewis— Grade, etc., 90 days.
Broderick, Lombard to Chestnut— Grade, etc., 90
days. < . . .•;■-.. ; ■ ......
• B street, Seventh to Eighth avenue— Grade, etc.,
20 days.
Polk and Lombard— Cesspool, etc. 16 days. ■' .
: Onondaga to Mission— inlet, etc,, 15 days.
Tenth avenue south, Ballroai to P South—
Graaine, etc., 90 days. .
Lafayette Park— Grading, 20 days.
"< : . FITLL ACCEPTANCES.
Webster, Oak to Page— Bitumen.
Laurel. Sacramento to California— Bitumen.
Fell, Clayton to Cole— Bitumen.
Fell and Cole, intersection— Bitumen.
Fell, Cole to ahrader— Bitumen. -
Fell and Hhrader, intersection— Bitumen.
, Fell, Shrader to Stanyan— Bitumen.
Market and Noe, crossing (conditional)— Bit
umen. ■ ■ - - ■ ■ .
drove. Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
. Waller and Devisadero, crossing—
ACCEPTANCES.
Van Ness avenue, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
Van Ness avenue and Fllb«rt crossing—
Van .Ness avenue, • Filbert to Greenwich—Bitu
men. '..-.-■■ '. .... - ■....-,..■
Walnut, Sacramento to Clay— Bitumen.
Cherry, Clay to Sacramento— Bitumen.
Willow avenue, Gough to Octavia— Bitumen.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Bitumen.
Sixteenth, Folsom to Harrison— Basalt.
Folsom, Seventeenth to Eighteentn— Bitumen.
. | BIDS RECONSIDERED.
Market, Valencia to Church— Curbs, bitumen.
"• NOTICES OF BTBKKT WORK. . (
Devisadero.' Halght to Waller— Bitumen. . . -
Franklin, Green to Onion — Bitumen.
Franklin, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
Franklin, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen.
Franklin. Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen.
Greenwich, Broderick to Baker— Bitumen.
Lombard. Van Ness to Polk ßasalt.
■ Van Ness, Vallejo to Green, east side — Sidewalks.
Van Ness and Green, northeast and southeast
corners— sidewalks. .■ ■ . .
Lake, First to Second avenues — Bitumen.
Second avenue, California to Lake — Bitumen.
Second avenue and Lake crossing — Bitumen. !
Second avenue, California to Clement— Bitumen.
Second avenue, Clement to Point Lobos ave
nue—Bitumen. ■ ■■-'.'-.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— .
INSTRUCTIONS TO BT7PBRIN TKNDENT OF STREETS.
California, Walnut to Central avenue— To - pro-
Tide for sewer in north side.
Sixth avenue, Lake to Golden Gate Park— To
cause Market-street Company to repair roadway.
. GRADES ESTABLISHED.
■ Chelsea place, 114:6 feet 'south from Bush—
113.76 feet.
Chelsea, 187:8 south from Bush— ll3.4o.
Chelsea, Bush to its southern termination— To
conform with grades.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Harrison, Second to Third— G. Pierce for Im
provement. - ' -', ■•-'': ..
Cedar avenue, Van ■ Ness to Franklin—
Francisco Ladles' Protection and Belief Society
to omit from map. -
Ash. Gough to - Octavia— Property-owners to
omit from map.
Elizabeth. Sanchez to Noe— George W. Fnnk to
lav live-foot stone sidewalk.
Van Ness Boulevard— Repeal be laid over one or
two weeks.
Sacramento, Front to Davis— To repair sidewalk.
Commercial, Front to Davis — To repair sidewalk.
Seventh, Howard to Folsom— Property-owners, -
stone sidewalks. .. . .
Decatur, from Bryant in block 411— To' omit
from map. ; ■ ■
fifteenth, San Bruno to Kansas— John B. Mason,
for rehearing of protest against grading. •
Thirty-seventh avenue, 150 north of Point Lobos
— Adolph Sutro. for Intermediate grade.
Noe and — Property-owners, for change
of grade. . = . . . .
Duncan, Noe to — Change of grade.
California, Central to First— Richmond Improve
ment Association, for grading, etc.
Fulton, Hayes, Masonic and Cole— L. D. Block,
for permission to grade streets in the district.
I Julian avenue and — Twelve-Inch
sewer.
Russia avenue, Paris to Moscow — Property
owners, for grades, -i '>.■■: - ' I - ' ■
~ Brazil, Paris ■to Munich — Property-owners, for '
grades.
■ . Preseott place — D. O'Connor, for new grade. •
Elizabeth, near Castro— Mrs. Lee, for six-foot
sidewalk. -
• Twenty-first and Property-owners,
raise of grade two feet, etc
- I'olnt Lobos, at Seventh, Ninth, Eleventh and
Twelfth avenues— J. Dolan, for release from con
tract on sewer outlets. . .
Western Addition block 227, bounded by Jfiddy,
Turk, Buchanan and Laguna— Joseph . Macdon
ough, to eliminate street from map. ■. ••
Twentieth and Valencia— E. T. McLean, to build
and maintain office. ■ • " < ■
Lark in. Lombard to Chestnut— Charles Tidd,
grading, etc.
Army and Castro— R. B. Burns, for grading,
sewering, etc
Van Ness. Union to . Bay — Union Paving Com
pany, for proportional assessment for work done.
Seventh avenue, 300 feet south of X street—
Adolph Sutro, to establish grade at 345 feet.
PETITION ROTEBBXD TO FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Bernal Park— Property-owners, for appropria
tion for improvement.
APPEALS FROM ASSESSMENT.
Sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— C. F. Hornncg,
paving, etc • • . .
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— C. Tobin,
paving, etc.
STBEET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEND
ENT OF STREETS.
Union, Franklin to Gough— Bitumen.
Hayes, Fierce to Scott— Basalt and stone side
walks.
Hayes and Pierre— Basalt, stone sidewalks. -
Scott, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen sidewalks.
Kirn avenue, Polk to Franklin— Stone sidewalks.
Franklin. Grove to Fulton— Stone sidewalks. •
Haighl, Webster to Fill more— sidewalks.
Pacific avenue, south side, Franklin to Gough—
Stone sidewalks.
Pierce, Jackson to Pacific avenue— Stone side
walks. ■ ■ ■
York, east side. Twentieth to Twenty-first— Bi
tumen sidewalks. ■ • -"".■ \ '.'■-;■;■■
PROTESTS REFER TO STREET COMMITTEE. '
Hartford, Eighteenth .to Nineteenth—Property
owners against paving.
Shrader, Page . to . Halght — Property - owners
against paving.
Hyde, North Point to Beach— Property-owners
against paving.
Hyde, North Point to Berry— Property-owners
against paving. .
- - Hatgbt, Clayton ; to Ashbury— Property-owners
against sewer. ■ . .
Haight and Clayton— Sewer.
Height, Shrader to Property-owners
against paving, etc' ■ ■ ■'■• ■ - ■--■£.*•■» -
Halght and Shrader— Paving, etc. ■ -
Baker, Tonquln to Lewis— J. J. O'Connor, con
tract to macadamize, etc . . .
Colllngwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth—
erty-owners against paving. ■ . : ■
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— sidewalk*.
. Second avenue, Point Lobos to Lake—Property
owners against paving. ' ■ . ■.
. Lake, First to Second avenues— Property-owners
against paving.
Lafayette Park— John Tattle, for extension of
twenty days on grading. ' . : . >
- Lombard, Polk to Van Ness — Property-owners
against paving, etc. <
. Devisadero, Haight to Property-owners
against paving. . ■ ■ ■ . . ■ .
Van Ness : avenue — Van Ness-avenue Improve
ment Club against narrow Fide walks.
' . .'■[ CITY ENGINEER'S REPORT.
Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— Surveys can be
done for f 85.
'health OFFICE RECOMMENDATION.
Fremont, Harrison to Bryant— a sewer be
constructed Immediately. -
'. CITY ATTORNEY'S REPORTS.
• : Ocean avenue— No record of width, etc. ■
Mission ■ block 48— Suit against John Center to
accept deed cannot be instituted by the City.
Ash avenue, Webster to Fllimore— have
some form of dedication as known to the law. -
EXTENSIONS OF STIitV. RECOMMENDED BY SUPER
■ :' INTKNDKNT OF BTKBKTB. ■
Tenth ' avenue. South, Railroad to P South-
Ninety days to M. C. Hogan on grading.
Van Ness, Union to Bay— Sixty days on paving.
Thirteenth. Castro to Scott— Paving, sixty days
Douglass, Seventeenth _to Eighteenth— Pavinn
etc.. sixty days. ■•- ' . ■ . *'
Fillmore, Oak to Page— Paving, etc. sixty days.
Brooklyn place, all— Paving, sixty days.
Hermann and Luguna— Water lnieis, etc., thirty
days. •TjfflmßaWMwityßHaftapr-* 1 ' . .
Camp, Guerrero to Albion— Paving, thirty days.
B, Seventh to Eighth avenues— Grading etc.
sixty days. . .
Broderick, Jefferson to Tonquin— Grading, ninety
days. ■
FULL ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED BY BUPEBIN
. < TKNDENT OF STREETS. • ■
Birch avenue, Buchanan to Lagnna— Bitumen. \
Thirteenth, Noe to Scott— Basalt.'
g Twenty-sixth, Capp to Mission— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION ORDERING.
: Hayes, Laguna to Buchanan— Stone sidewalks.
Ninth, Folsom to Harrison— Stone sidewalks.
;,; Hickory, Lacuna to Buchanan— Basalt. .
(iRADES RECOMMENDED BY CUT ENGINEER.
Brady and Market— 42 feet. . ,
Brady and Stevenson — 10.25 feet.
. Brady and Colton— HB.sU feet. •
. Brady and West Mission— 2B feet.
■ Stevenson, 150:11 southwest from Potter— 39
feet. •-- -'- ■: - "• -- - *-■ •: ■■ ■ ■ .
:: Stevenson and Brady— feet. - - • •
. Stevenson and Crocker— feet.
. '. Crocker and Colton— 4o feet. :■■
. Crocker and West Mission— feet. '
Clement and east line of Thirty-seventh avenue—
298 feet. -..::■•.•.; , : ..••-■••.-■ ■-.. ■..;.
■ Clement and ' east line of Thirty-eighth avenue—
315 feet. n 1 /:' *■'■-'. :•" :. ~- ■ . v .' ' , r^ ■■• • ..'• ■■ ■■ •
• Clement and Thirty-ninth avenue— BlB feet .
: Clement and Fortieth avenue— 318 feet. ■
> Clement and Forty-first avenue— 3l4 feet.
iirfWßWsniffrT'M MMTITiTnUi m ■ ii i fusUjsHisi iihiii si MTrtaisiisißiiii i is^MWaPnlßk
Clement and Forty-second avenue— 3l2 feet.
Clement and Forty-tUlrd avenue— 3o6 feet
Clement ana Forty-fourth avenue— 2Bl feet. .
Clement and Forty-flfth : avenue— 269 wet.
Clement and Forty-sixth avenne— '263 feet.
Clement and Forty-seventh avenue— 234 feet.
Clement and Forty-eighth avenue— 2o4 foet.
f Street Committee Report.
Folsom, : Third to Sixth— Recommending con
tract be awarded to Alva B. clute for pavinc at
net cost of ?12,C03. .*>*«.
IX FAVOR OP STOPPING WORK FOR SIX MONTHS
Sacramento, Stockton to Powell— Stone side
walks. . . .
Hickory avenne, Buchanan to Webster— Pavln?.*
Ivy avenue, Lacuna to Buchanan— Paving, etc.
Ivy a, venue, Buchanan to Webster— Paving, etc
Pierce, Halght 10 Waller— Paving.
iiichte-nth avenue .South— Wradin:*.
Greenwich, Baker to Broderick— Bitumen.
Fifteenth avenue. 8 and X South— Grading, eta,
by private contract.
Hampshire, Twenty-first to Twenty -second—lm
provement.
Army, Sanchez to Church— For six months to
lay plank sldewalF.
Duncan, Sanchez to Noe— Sewer.
' ■' PROTEST REPORTED ADVKRSELT.
Fifteenth, San Bruno to ■ Kansas— Against grad
ing.
PETITION PLACED OX FILE.
Stanyan, Haieht to Fell— For sewer.
WORK STOPPED FOR -SIX MONTHS.
York, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Paving.
Prospect avenue, Virginia to KmernlJ avenue—
Grading, etc.
Hadowa, Capitol to Plymouth— etc.
hew to-day:
CITY I .'
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11 (c 45, Filth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DTJTARD ■) 2 •J. W. MCDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONK I 2 W. E. DKNNIBON Sec
T. B. BISHOP la COL. J. lI.MKNDKLL
J.W. MCDONALD | 5 Corps of Enftineers, U.S. A.
W. K. DE IBOM J (Retired),
CoNsci/rixa Engineer.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges • and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
IITPMEI MIXES. Wharves, Jetties and
U I I I 3I KJ Jlllll t\ Sea Walls. ,
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR •
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
. Telephone Main 5111.
C. R. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
. Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc
Office— 4o4 Seventeenth Street Barns— s33 and
635 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 659 Market
Street, Room 12. Telephone Main 6780.
A, E. BUCKMAN,
. 302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
grading, sewering,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
v and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
. Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS.,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. AYTR lI^TAPV
Telephone, Main 120 X tUil Illilvl Ull\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sta. •
Telephone, West 789.
Ban Bruno Quarry. .. .
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY^
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
PROPERTY OWNERS!
ATTENTION.
ITk OE3STTS
Per square foot (no discrimination) is what yon
can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
BOCK for by the
PACIFIC PATO COMPANY.
,_ ; Office 106 and lOSFhelan Building.
Call on us or send your address ' and our repre-
sentatlve will call on you. Telephone Main 656.
TELEPHONE 1758.
CHARLES M.DEPEW
•:" PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK, SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK, ;■■ . ,
Planing:, Sizing and Resawlng.
OFFICE AND FACTORY,
229-233 Berry Si , Bet. 4th and sth.
Box 1 9,. Builders' Exchange, S. F.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATINQ OILS,
Paints, Varnishes, Nevada Compound, etc
' 83 SPEAK ST. Telephone 6320.
PAR BUILDING
na Pi PAPER. . .
SOLD BY" ALL DEALERS. , ■'
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOB. B. SIMPSON.
SISIPSOS & MILLAR, Searchers
oliiliou.i a iUliJi lit, ofßecords
Branch Office, N*W. cor. McAllister and Larkln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 18S!i. . -.. San Francisco
DROOPING GLADDING.McBEAN & CO.
rint r nUUrinu nso-oso market st.
BHIIAII DDiPir GLADDING.McBEAN a CO.
nUSnHII Dnlbfl ■ i3sa - oeo market st.
DAD COMPOSITION ; AND
■ ■ « D' " GRAVEL ROOFINB.
1 ParaOine Faint Co., 116 Battery Street,
910
SEE YUPS SPURN
THE OLIVE BRANCH
Barren Endeavor of the
Sam Yups to End
the Boycott.
A RENEGADE EXECBATED
Sam Yup Theatrical Troupe Gives
a Free Performance to Pro
mote Peace.
SEE TUPS BEEAK UP THE SHOW
Now the Gaunt Specter of War
Threatens to Emerge From His
Murky Tomb.
The gaunt, wild-eyed specter of war,
forced to take refuge in the underground
tunnels and opium dens of Chinatown by
the policemen's locusts, has once more
emerged into the light of day. He is not
so bold this time and is contented to prose
lytize in the smaller alleys and other
places at a distance from the hated blue
coat, but sooner or later he will marshal
his hosts for the gory combat
Iv other words, the See and Bam Yups
are at it again. This is not the fault of
the Sam Yups. They are in the minority,
numbering about three to seven, and are
disposed to hold forth the olive branch to
their more warlike brethren of the queue,
but it is all in vain.
The boycott declared by the See Yupson
the Sam Yups has lately developed a most
peculiar phase. The Washington-street
Chinese theater, as is well known, is a See
Yup house. At present there is a Sam Yup
troupe playing there. This in itself, con
sidering the strained condition of affairs
between the two companies, is a novelty of
the first class.
Now, the Sam Yups concluded that it
would be a most strategic move to give a
few exhibitions free. The manager of the
troupe fairly hopped in his glee and rubbed
bis bands together with satisfaction when
the idea occurred to him.
The result, according to the Celestial
method of reasoning, would be most ad
vantageous. The See Ynps would come to
a free show when they would not be will
ing to part company with their coin to
help the Sam Yups along in their his
trionic endeavor.
Once inside they would treat their ene
mies so kindly and considerately, would
so fill them full of the milk of human
kindness that they would «o tfleir way in
peace and sin no more. They even cher
ished the thought that it might tend to as
sist in breaking up the boycott on the Sam
Yup merchants.
Saturday night the scheme was* tried.
In one way it worked to perfection. The
house was crowded, but when the manager
of the troupe got into a good position ana
glanced over the assemblage the tempera
ture of his hopes fell 20 degrees Deiow
zero. There was not a See Yup in the
building.
Outside they were very much in evidence.
Tne entrance to the theater was crowded.
Even the sidewalk was packed. Tha See
Yups had come to see the fun. For some
time they were very quiet, but soon an in
cident occurred that stirred up the spirit
of Lucifer and their breasts to action, and
then there was a performance on the side
waik, too.
A renegade See .Yup, desirous of wit
nessing the performance, and evidently
believing that he sinned not so long as the
Sam Yups got none of his coin, slipped
into' the theater. The See Yups soon dis
covered this, and 'pandemonium reigned.
First, they vociferously yelled at him to
come forth. He did not comply as soon
as they expected, and a committee was
sent in to induce him to do so. Tnen
every See Yup in the foyer and in the
etreet began to hoot, yell.curse and dis
turb things generally. There were about
a thousand ol them, and when the whole
gang began to exercise their leathern
lungs in expressing their disapprobation
of Sam Yups in general and the troupe in
particular the result was something
terrific.
The renegade was hustled out of the
theater, and amid the execrations of the
assembled crowd made his escape.
But the See Yups remained and en
deavored to drown the noise of the or
chestra within. They were so successful
that the theater-goers left in a body. The
first free night of the Sam Yup troupe was
a dismal failure. The boycott is still on.
Undaunted by tne experience of Satur
day evening, the Sam Yups state that
they will give another free performance
again this week. On the other hand the
See Yups await the event with feelings
akin to joy and are getting their voices in
trim to run opposition to the orchestra
again. .
HIS WEATHER EYE OPEN
Collector Wise Will Photograph
Chinese Bound for the Tennes
see Exposition.
Celestials Wi 1 Not Be Granted the
Courtesy Shown Them During
the World's Fair.
Collector Wise intends to keep his
weather eye on the Tennessee Centennial
Exposition to be held at Nashville in '97.
Yesterday he received from Acting
Secretary Cartis a formal notice together
with the following resolution passed by
the last Congress:
After reviewing the fact that the Ten
nessee Centennial Company of Nnshville,
Term., has been recognized by the powers
of the world and has extended to them
certain privileges it is
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa
tive* of the United States of America in Cong rets
assembled. That the act of Congress approved
February 26, 1885, prohibiting the importa
tion of loreigners under contract to perform
labor, and the acts of Congress prohibiting the
coming of Chinese persons into the United
Stales, and the acts amendatory of these acts,
shall not be 80 construed, nor shall anything
therein operate to prevent.' hinder, or in any
wise restrict any foreign exhibitor, representa
tive, or; citizen of ~a foreign nation, or the
holder, who i* a citizen of a foreign nation,
of any concession or privilege from the Ten
nessee Centennial Exposition Company of
Nashville, Term., _ from bringing in to, "the
United States, - under contract, . such me
chanics, artisans, agents ; or other employes,
natives of their ■ respective j foreign • countries,
as they or any of them may deem : necessary
for the purpose of making preparations for in
stalling or conducting their exhibits or of pre
paring or installing or conducting ariv busi
ness authorized or permitted under or by vir
tue of or pertaining to any concession or privi
lege which may have been granted by the Ten
nessee ■ Centennial - Exposition -~ Company of
Nashville, Term.," In connection with such ex
position; - provided, however, that no alien
shall by virtue of ; this, act enter the United
Slates under contract to perform labor except
by express permission, naming such < alien, of
the Secretary,, of the Treasury; and any such
«"»n who may remain in the United States for
more than one year after the close of said ex
position shall thereafter be subject to all the
processes and penalties applicable to aliens
coming in violation of the aiien-eontract-labor
law aforesaid.
• Sec. 2. That all articles which shall be Im
ported from foreign countries for the sole pur
pose of exhibition at said exposition, upon
which there shall be a tariff or customs duty,
shall be admitted free o' payment of duty, cus
toms fees or charges, under such regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre
scribe; but it shall b« lawful at any time dur
ing the exhibition to sell, for delivery at the
close of the exposition, any goods or property
imported for and actually on exhibition in the
exposition building or on its grounds, subject
to such regulations for the security of the rev
enue and for the collection of import duties as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe;
provided, that all such articles, when sold or
withdrawn for consumption in the United
States, shall be subject to the duty, if any, im
posed upon such article by the revenue laws in
force at the date of importation, and all penal
ties prescribed by law shall be applied and en
forced against such articles and against the
persons who may be guilty Of any illegal sale
or withdrawal.
It will be recalled that the Chinese
laborers and other help brought into this
country for the Columoian Exposition and
later for the Midwinter Fair brought about
no end of trouble for the Collector of the
Port. Hardly bad the World's Fair ended
when many of the Chinese scattered over
the country and so far as known are still
here. There was no way to identify them
once they were away from Chicago, and
the Chinese were cute enough to recognize
this.
Collector Wise now proposes to guard
against this sort of thing by securing a
photoeraph of every Chinese reaching this
port for the Tennessee exposition He
believes in this way few if any of the
Celestials will undertake to evade the law.
IN NEW QUARTERS.
The Attorney-General Take* a Notion
to Go a- Moving, and
Does So.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has moved
his offices from their former location at
the intersection of California and Liedes
dorff streets to the Emporium building,
where he has engaged a spacious, sunny
suite, comprising rooms 511, 512 and 513,
on the fifth floor, fronting on Market
street. The central room, a large and ele
gant apartment, furnished with comfort
and simpie elegance, is reserved for the
private use of the Attorney-General, one
of its appurtenances being a chair, high
backed but inviting, from the old Supreme
Court bench.
The library and reception-room are
being appropriately fitted up, and when
everything is in order the Hon. Mr. Fitz
gerald may well be congratulated on his
new official home.
WANTS MORE CONVERTS.
Rev. E. Lewis Talks of Evan
gelizing the Church of
England.
Pastor Birch Says What He Thinks
of Chnrchdom's Failure and
Power.
"The Horizon was the subject of a
short address made by Rev. M. Putnam
yesterday before the Christian pastors.
The object of the speaker was to show that
a man may start with a scriptural truth
and enlarge it beyond scriptural limits.
In the discussion Rev. J. W. Hudson
said that it was the glory of the Christian
church that it had adhered to the first at
tributes, without branching out beyond
the realm of human thought.
Rev. L. Lewis, D.D., a returned En^U-h
missionary from the Soudan, explained
his plans for making a sweeping introduc
tion of the doctrines of the Christian
church into England. "The evangelical
portion of the Church of England is rap
idly preparing for it, if it is not already
prepared. My great ambition is to eauip ,
myself, and then go home and make one
plea. The worst of it is that the
spirituality of our people here is away
down. We have the simplicity of the
apostolic gospel; what we need is its
spirit."
The other ministers agreed, as a whole,
that the churches were not living quite up
to the plan of Christian teachings, but
Rev. Dr. Gardiner said that the Christains
did not compare unfavorably with the
others in this respect.
Presbyterian Association.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Associa
tion was addressed yesterday by Rev. Dr.
Birch on "Cnurchdom's Failure and
Power.*' Among other things the speaker
said:
As official servants of Christ have we been in
touch with the multitude? Do the common
people hear us gladly? Since our Father has
given the earth to the children of men rather
than to monopolizers of iand has not every
honest man a God-given right to a living wage
lor six days' labor in the week, a decent home
and a pension when he is too old to work.?
Has not every child a right to be well-born
and to have his fair chance of a righteous live
lihood? Should not our colleges and higher
schools be open to merit rather than to wealth?
And, surely, the American mother should hare
an equal voice with a tramp in saying who
shall make laws for her child.
In the discussion Rev. E. L. Burnette
spoke of the rivalry between different
sects, saying: "If Protestantism is going
to contend against worldliness it must
make a common brotherhood, one in spirit
at least." •
Rev. Dr. Scott said: "We shall not get
the masses into the churches till there is
more practical outcome of a Christian
life." Rev. Dr. Hellock declared that rich
congregations are yearning over the poor,
but that poor people object to going to
churches frequented by stylishly dressed
people.
Congregational Club.
Chaplain Drahms of San Quentin spoke
to the Congregational Monday Club yes
terday on the question "Is Ours an Age
of High Thinking?" He took tne stand
that philosophy and romance may be
fairly said to mark the highest and lowest
rounds in the intellectual ladder, and,
that as ours is an age of romance rather
than of philosophy, it may justly be called
tne day of small t nines in lines of thought.
In the subsequent discussion 'ho other
pastors took issue with Chaplain Drahms.
They thought that the literature at the
end of the nineteenth century would go
down to posterity as classic
THREADS TO KILL.
Aftermath of a Dispute as to the Rais
ing of the Flag.
Charles Gearish, an expressman living at
1220 Stockton street, and B. Nathan, a
neighbor, had a dispute last Tuesday as to
the merits of the celebration in raising the
flag in Portsmouth Square.
The argument ended in a fight, and Gear
ish bit off a piece of Natnan'schin. Nathan
bore his sufferings with ;>atience and forti
tude, and would have allowed trie matter
to drop if GearisL had not on the occasion
of their next rueetinp threatened to kill
him. This was too much to bear, so yes
terday he appeared in Judge Joachimscn's
court and swore to a complaint charging
Gearish with threats to kill.
A Sausaliin Prisee-Fight.
An attempt was made early Sunday morning
to settle the question of superiority in pugiiis
tio powers at Sausalito. John Brown and P.
Skevo, heavy-weight teamsters, attended by a
crowd of about 300 men from Sausalito and
San Francisco, went up Hurricane Gulch to
battle for a $400 purse. It was a bloody b'.ok
ging match. The fight was broken up by the
police. It was hastily declared a draw, aud
principals and seconds scattered to ei>cap"
arrest. It is said another light between tne
men wili be arranged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
BALLOONS TO
AID THE CUBANS,
To Be Used for Observing
the Enemy's Move
ments.
FIN DE SIECLE WABFABE
Telegraphic Communication Be
tween the Balloon and
the Earth.
PROTECTION AGAINST BULLETS
In Case of Puncture and Escape of
Gas the Ballon Becomes a
Parachute.
The Cuban Junta of New York have
been carrying on negotiations for the past
The Balloon Which Will Soar Over the Contending Armies in Cnba.
five months and with two expert aero
nauts, George Weston of this City and
Harold Sn 11, an Eastern man, construc
tion and manning a balloon for observing
and signalling the movements of artillery
and troops on the the field in Cuba.
Mr. Weston is an expert aeronant of
seven years' experience and is well known
all over the United State*. He has made
various ascensions in this City, having
gone up in a balloon in the durk, from the
chutes, some five weeks ago. He will
soon leave this City to join in the East his
partner Stiell, who left for New York two
months ago.
The balloon in which the daring aero
nauts will ascend on their tours of obser
vation is different from the ordinary hot
air balloon. It will contain 48,000" cubic
Geo rge M esion, Who Will Make a Ba
loon irip to Cuba
feet of hydrogen, which will support it in
the air for twenty -four hours if necessary.
A hght'steel cable 1500 feet Jong will
anchor it to the ground. The balloon ia
so constructed that the upper portion
forms a parachute and if the lower part
should be nunctured and the eas escape
th occupants of the basket would come
down gently, as in a parachufp descent,
and would not be seriously injured. In
case the station below should be taken the
occupants of the balloon can cut loose the
cable and sail away.
The two aeronauts are not going to Cuba
as Cuban sympathizers. The dangerous
undertaking is merely a matter of business
with them. The necessary funds are fur
nished by the Cuban sympathizers in the
United Btates through the Cuban Junta
in New York. Within a couple of weeks,
probably when the rainy season shall have
closed in Cuba, the aeronauts with their
outfit wili sail for Cuba in some fast
steamer which will be pretty sure to land
them on the island.
After landing on the island the balloon
ists will have to travel to the field of opera
tions with their paraphernalia, as the
ballqpn is not built for aerial travel. One
of the partners, with an artist, will go up
in the balloon to observe the position of
the enemy's forces and the other aeronaut
will remain on the ground with the gas
wagons and the necessary inflating ap
paratus.
The basket of the balloon wiJl be pro
tected by steel, cork, asbestos and wool,
against bullets. The men in the balloon
will confine themselves merely to obser
vation, no attempt being made to attack
the enemy.
Tne undertaking is a very perilous one,
for besides the ordinary dangers of bal
looning there will be great difficulty in
landing: on the island of Cuba. The
Spanish gunboats and land forces as well
are constantly on the lookout, and if the
aeronauts should fall into their hands it
would probably be the last of them. The
daring balloonists, however, look upon
the whole undertaking stoically and as a
matter of business.
CHEATING THE ORPHANS
George Imhoff and Michael McHugh
Find Themselves la
Jail.
George Imhoff, who conducts a saloon on
Fifteenth avenue and San Bruno road, has
found himself in a peck of trouble.
He is charged with receiving stolen
goods from Michael McHugh, a teamster
in the employ of a man named Flynn,
who has the contract for supplying the
Roman Catholic orphans at Mount St.
Josephs with coal.
McHugh when conveying the f nel from
the yard to the orphan building stopped
at Imhoff s place and there lightened his
load by delivering a portion of it to thf,
yard in the rear of the saloon.
How long this has been going on is not
generally known, but Officer McKenna,
who patrols the San Bruno road on horse
lack, obtained information which led to
the arrest of Imhoff and McHugh, the one
for stealing and the other for receiving.
A search of the premises in rear of the
building revealed the finding of about two
tons of coal all in large blocks and corres
ponding in size to that which haii been
supplied to the building at Mount St.
Joseph's. The worst element of the whole
matter is that the loss was always against
the orphan asylum. «
TO LEARN ABOUT FISH.
K. Ito Here to Collect Information for
the Japanese Government. .
K. Ito, who arrived on the Doric, has
come to the United States as a special
agent for the Japanese Government to in
vestigate the fish business in this country.
"My purpose," said he yesterday, at the
Occidental, "'is to find out all I can about
the cultivation, capture, preoaration and
marketing of fish in the United States.
First I shall visit the New England coast.
I shall also examine the inland fisheries.
Then, on my return, I shall make careful
investigations and inquiries on the Pacific
Coa°t. How long I shall be engaged I do
not know, but 1 mean to learn all that
there is to be learned from a necessarily
hasty investigation of so large a territory. '
Mr. Ito is a resident of Hokodate, Japan,
and is apparently -about 35 years of age.
How to Make Psnrakei,^^ I
Thomas Scott and Thomas Carroll were each
sentenced by Judge Campbell yesterday to six
months in the County JaiL They were charged
with breaking into Hermann's saloon, 637
Clay street, a few nights ago, but the charge
was reduced to petty larceny. Scott said he
was a cook, and the Judge asiced how to make
pancakes. i cott said he only used flour and
water. "Don't you use salt?" asked the Judge.
"No," replied Scott. "Well, you will get six
months to study out the problem," said the
Judge, "and when you come out you will know
that you must put salt in pancakes."
» » ■»
In Scotland the proportion between fish
ermen and the rest of the population is 1
in every 76; in Ireland, 1 in every 216; in
England and Wales, 1 m every 612.
GREAT CUT IN 1896 MODELS
Falcon Bicycles!
COLD CaiSRS MODEL 9. $100— REDUCED TO $75
MODEL 11, $85— REDUCED TO $60
ALSO A FEW IB9S MODELS CHEAP.
GOLD CRAMS MODEL 4, $100— REDUCED TO $50
MODEL 3, $85— REDUCED TO $40
The Falcon Bicycle Is strictly hig.i grade and second to none made, and
fully warranted.
Be sure when buying a wheel you buy one that is represented by an es-
tablished Bicycle Mou*-\ with a full stock of parts for repairs.
GEO. WEBB ALEXANDER,
The Oldest Bicycle House in the United States.
401 Market Street, S. F.
COAST AULMS FOR FALCONS AND TALLY-HO TANDEMS.
LEFT HIS WIFE
TO SEEK FREEDOM
Two Months of Marriage
Satisfied Guillermo
Berduo.
STOLE AWAY AT NIGHT.
He Says He Had to Support
His Wife's Family of
Twelve.
SHE DENIES HIS STATEMENTS.
He Lived With Them, Although He
Ssys They All Lived
With Him
It is not because he could not live with
her, says Guillernio Berduo, that be left
his wife; it was Decause of her family.
There were twelve of them, he says, and
they all came to live with him, so one
night he stole away in the darkness, and
the woman he married only two short
months ago sees tiim no more.
She is ill and in bed in her mother's
home at 155 Octavia street, kept there by a
doctor's orders, and she did not know un
til yesterday that her husband haa repu
diated her and had publicly advertised
that ne would be responsible for no bills
contracted by her.
Berduo is chancellor or secretary to the
Guatemalan Consul in this City, and he
asserts tbat while he makes enough to
keep his own family he cannot support
another. He was married two months
ago and immediately after the ceremony,
his wife says, they went to her mother's
bouse, on Octavia street, where she has
been ever since, and there took up their
residence. It is but a few days since she
was left alone, but in the meantime the
only cause of dissension between herself
and her husband washer family. He says
it was too large for him to support. She
says he never supported her foiks; that
instead of numbering twelve they make
but four, and tbat from the time of their
marriage until his departure he lived at
her mother's house and the supporting
was rather more in his favor than vice
versa.
Since leaving his wife Berduo has been
energetic. He has gone to all the stores in
the vicinity of where he lived and has
warned the tradesmen that Mrs. Berduo
must be given no credit upon his name,
for he will honor none of her bills. In the
columns of the papers, too, he has an
nounced his search for financial freedom,
as is attested by this paragraph:
MY WIFE HAS REFUSED TO LIVE IN MY
horse and I give herewith notice that I win
not pay any bills she may contract. July 10 1896
OUILL.EKMO BEKDUO
It was when Guillermo was contemplat
ing a disappearance from Ijis home circle
that he asked his wife to go with him.
Then, as now, she was confined to her bed,
so she refused, ana the newly made hus
band prepared for a solitary flight. Part
of his belongings he packed in his pocket
and some he lowered carefully from the
window of his room to the garden below,
so tbat he might pass out through the hall
unmcumbered by any baggage which
might excite any of the inmates of tne
house to the inquiring point Then at an
opportune moment he left the house and
sought freedom from his young wife and
his mother-in-law at 525fxeary street.
Mrs. Berduo gives her invalid condition
as her reason for remaining when her hus
band said go. She knew only that she had
been left alone.
"There are but four in my family," she
said, "unless you count my relatives in
Spain, and they are hardly going to come
out here to live on my husband. My folks
live here because this is their home and
they were here when .he married me and
came here to live."
The wife is at a loss to account for the
desertion, but Berduo repeats in a non
committal manner that it is her family.
He married her and no one else, he says,
and be cannot support a mother-in-iaw
and eleven relatives. For that reason he
stole away in the darkness two months
after his wedding day.
DR. MARTEN IN JAIL.
Judge Campbell Binds Him Over to
Keep the Peace Toward Alma E.
JoMflyn in S3OOO Bonds.
Dr. Arthur Marten, the Svengali of
Alma E. Joa&elyn, appeared before Judge
Campbell yesterday morning to hear the
Judge's decision upon the charge made
by the girl against him of threatening to
kill her.
The Judge told the physician and phi
losopher tbat from the testimony he was
satis fiea the girl was afraid of her life and
he was a dangerous man to be at large.
He would hind him over to keep the peace
toward her in $3000 bonds, and, failing to
procure the bonds, he would be committed
to the County Jail for six months.
The doctor applied to Judge Hehbard
for a writ of habeas corpus. His Honor
refused to grant the writ and remanded
tne doctor to jail.
An Owner Wanted.
Charlei Heber and Herman Nealon were ar
rested on Pacific street on Saturday by Police
man Norman and were booked at the City
Prison yesterday on the charge of petty lar
ceny, itiey had a roll of red tablecloth and a
brown blanket, which they had stolen, and
the police would like the owner to claim the
property.
■ ■'HEW;. .TO-PAT.- ■■';-■'• : . _-j;--_i._ ; j_" \_ j^-:
Lusty Manhood.
— — ~— «— *— .
Oh for the days of old when men lived nearer to nature; when men
were men !
We have civilization and we've gained much — but we have also lost
much!
Dr. Sweeney, the great specialist, is dome; more for the improvement
of society than a hundred preachers. '"V-
For those men who have been in the depths of degradation and misery
their mind and body wrecked by excess and vice, unfit, lifeless branches of
the social tree— such men become apostles for good and for saving youth ..
and innocence when once they have been lifted up to health and vigor by
expert medical skill, made once more men among men, entitled to the love
and respect of their fellow-beings, able to fight life's battles and enjoy its
pleasures. .
_ And such men there. are thousands men who look upon , this famous .
. ■' specialist as almost something more than a human being. ,
— BBFAI4 -coe o —
He CURES -not A /gr^^^S^L %Ji •■':><:*-
tries, but cures : | tv /£>%& •
Loss of energy and «2r ttxtf* i^ {*
ambition, physical JJ" JsSfl : * *^ He has the only
and. mental las?i- fl? JmM |t successful and safe
tude, nervousness,. ' ■mafla t£SKG&- <ti~iJ m -nJB system of .treating
melancholy, bilious- P*Ka* |5-—^S patients by corre-
■ness, pimples, at- IFV^Sj •^s£>r \£?s*» • spondence." Write
rophy, wasting loss- \#M V 1 fully and put aside
es, . bad dreams, V^Sali. I A I • all morbid fears of
sleeplessness, incoru- V/ffiw*'-- SAr M exposure,
petency, obstacles to jKßwb jttMM BBs\ >» He treats the poor
marriage, hydrocele, t^Ri&ZmW-^mJ&Mi- . FREE Friday after-
varicocele, feeble- &WM,?/$$W Wso*&f>' noons,
ness of the func- •JP^^W^Ji ife^^N Office hours: 9to
tion, premature di*- \M r/JpJ^3,}^^^M^^^j 12 a. m.. 2to 5 and
charge, unnatural h 7toBp. m. Sun-
vice and all derange- ifoX§MJ^WS^ ! v days : 10 to 12 a. x.
ments resulting from swf? y {ti^'- u^ y^J .-*&'*'* i-<s^---^- -
="= - DOCTOR SWEANY, =
— - — - 737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SM FRAJCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. .
WE ?S, DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. If.- 12:31
. 8:»0 6:10. 6:30 p. h. -Thursdays-Extra
tnd 11 ?30p% Saturd *>'»- « WP« ■»!««
6UI 6fo^ Y 6^0 7 9:30 ' 11:0 ° A l t! l=3d S:3ft
* San Rafael to San Frnnc!«co.
WEEK DAYS-8:15, 7:50, 9:10. 11 10 a. k..
Btl Y 6^25 7 p?^. B:as> 11:1 ° *■ *••• l! «*;««**
Between San Francisco and Park sam«
schedule as above. -- -■.-; . ~^
Ban Francisco. \ A *" Sanpia^Ucc,^
dS I paTs. l*«t?nSlon. \ ****
JJAYB. | PAYB. BAYS. | DAYS.
7:30 am 7:30 am j Novato. 10:40 am) 8:40 am
• 8:30 pm 9:30 am I Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 m\ Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~~7~ : i Fulton, ~~"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
*. . Healdsburs,
• .. Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. '7:30 pm 6:15 pk
~~ : ~ Vieta. ~ -■• •■ . ;•
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
8:30 pm 7:30 am Pkiah.. 7:80 pm 6:15
7:30 am I '. ~~ 10:10 am
- 7 :30 am Guerne 7:30 pm "
3:30 pm j 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm | Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
l;3g^ll:gBpMl^^topol.|l«^AM|lo;lo^
_ States connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Sltagirs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Hay and i^akeport: at
BopUnd for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs- at
TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bluo
Lake*, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg, Waatport, Csitl, Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
Telo. Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red need
rates. ' ■ - . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*.
yond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle butldln*
B. C. WHITING, r. x. RY AIT,
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
JL ~*\a tf ■ ■ ■ J •■■
Trains and arrive >. K^^Se Wu
Trains leave and arrive k.t f^S^&sjS^iSt I
Karket-Streei Ferry. IB^y^gH |»
SANTA FEIXPRrSS. S^^^m
To Chicago via A. * I . «?S«£3SoUTEj
; -Direct r,ln» ■TWCSNp > "^Sa|
Leaves every day at 5 f. m.. car.., ..it; : V ui.o;«n
Palace Drawing-room : Sleepers, . also Modern Lp-
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charee of a, porter, ' run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. - Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. -. '
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Ci:y, Chicago, Montreal and the .White
Mountains leave every. Wednesday.
-■The best railway from California' to tbe East.
New rails, new ties; ; no dust; Interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
" Chronicle : Building.
Telephone Main 1531. / .■:
V A Bfl MB A laxative refreshing fo»
I B! li X fruit lozenge,
I A 111 fill ▼err agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION ;
—■■s«■ _ __ . hemorrhoids, bile, '
I Ell El I km M IOM of a PP eti 'p. castrlc an«
111 £. IV Intestinal troubles and
■■■"•■ ■ : *• •-■■ ' . headache arising
from them. ■
n RIB I UN 38 Rue de« Archives! Part*
VllllbLiWll Bold by an Dn^ttaT^
WuTIJC VOH "*ore Tnroat, Pimples, Copper-fir
L'lnß'L IUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Si.res.lij
MaUlcers in Mouth, Hair-V&lllng! Write COOKt^
HBEMEDY CO., 807 Masonic Temple SB
■KhlCAaro, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-SB
■JtMl, *iOO,OOO. Worst cases cured In lsgj
flto 85 days. 100-parc book, free.
.RAILRpATJ. TRAVEI^.
bovtiii;r3i . f,\«:ii'iu I'UaPAMI.
" . (PACIFIC SYHTEM.')
TratM Ifntf i& oil arc el no to arrive mt
SAN VUAXC'ISCO.
hate — From June 7.' ISO 6. — 1 arriv
•O:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. «-4R»
7:OOa Benicia. VacaTUle, Rumsey. Sacra-
..;-■■ mcato, OroTillo and Redding via
Davis «:431>
7:0Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Nspa, Calls- •' "■
toga arid Santa Rosa •:13p
>:30a Niles, Bui Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marvsvillo and Res
1t1ua..... 4tlS*
•8:20 a Peters ami Milton "71151
O:O<»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and 1. oil Angeles 4:45*
*:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a
9:00 a Vallejo 6:13p
l:OOp Nile*, San Jose and LiTeruiore S:4.la.
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »0:00p
1 1 : 3Op Port Costa and Way Stations r7:43*
4:00r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
• Napa, Calistoga. El verano sue •»
Santa Rosa - 8:13 a
«Ml«p Benicia, Vacaville, . Woodland, .
' * Knights Landing, * MarjrßTille,
OroTille and Sacramento 10:43 a
. 4:8« p. Niles, San Jose, LiTermore and
5t0ckt0n ........;...:.......;.... 7ii3r
4:3ttr Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
... Ycsemite) and Fresno 11»40a
••••p New Orleans Express. I resno, Bakers* '
,? :■-.- •ield, Santa Tlarbara.l^)s Angelet,
fieming, £1 l'aso, New Orleans ana
= - 5a5t...... 1 0:1S a
Oi®Op Santa Fa Route. Atlantic Express
'"•-.'- for Mojave and Ea5t...... IC:l3a
O:OOp Va11ej0........ 11:45 a
6:O«»i- Kuropean Matl, Ogden and Kast.... 9:13 a
6:OOr Haynnnlu, Niks and San J05e...... 7:15 a.
t7:oop Vallejo:.... +7:43f
7:oUp OregouKxprcss, Sacramento, Marys- ■
' ville. Rcihling, Portland, Puget
bound anil I'.aat 10:4Sa
SANTA <:UIIZ tHVIMOM QnrroiT <J»ngQ).
L J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, tanta Crux : "
and Princip : 1 Way Stations ...... J B:<K(p
•«I»A Newark, Cei)tcrvilie,Siiii.lose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5.;........ 8.54 V
•»:I.lp Newark, Centerviile, San Jose, New
Almadep, Felton, Boulder Creek, ' !
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...'. »1 1:20 a
' t<tl3r Newark, San Joso and Los Gatos.... *T9:3Oa
COAST I>I VISION A Townsenil Ste.) '
•6:45 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New ■ l
, Almatlen Wednesdays only) 9: 47a
}7iB#A Sunday ' Excursion for San Jose. j.
■ Santa Cruz, . Padflo Grove, ana I?
Principal Way Stations.. }9.SB>
■il3a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Hanta Crus.
*?acilic Grove, Paso Rubles, Sac
■ Jjiiis Obispo, Guad» lnpe and Prin- -• - ■ ' ''-
■clpal Way Station. 7rBSp
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations. ....... fl >30p
. lU:4Oa San .loso anil Way Stations 3:00p
1 1:30 a Palo Alto aud Way Stations ' Bi*«r
*Si3Op San Mateo. Men I Park, San Jos*
Gilroy, Finos, Santa Crus,
' ' Balina«,MontereyaiidPacifloGroTe *I<:4«A
•S:»Op Snn Jose, Pacino Grove and Way
Stations.'........ *l;3Or
•4t3op San Jose <unl Way 5tati0n5......... •»:OOa
5:30p San .'oso ami Principal Way Stations *B:4Sa
O:»OpSan Jose ami WayStatious 6:33 a
11:4.~>i- San Jose Way Stations.....;... 47:45 P
SAN LbA«»HO ANl> HA¥rYAB»* LOi:AU~"
«*O:OOaV ———- ? . 7., -
-*:OOa [, ■; (9:43 a
mo!oot M«lm«,S.«,»»r r Park, 1 \™**
»*;»£ Fitchb«r ,S.«Le.«d M »£«*
»-SSp- ' " d -; : Sllgf
S top-* «:.3p
7:«0p \'l*V t
1,: O op I .\ [Runs through to Nile*, , . i2.l«*
' 11.15fJ tFromNUes.. ( mS
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
rora SAN /KIHOISCO— Foot of Market Strest (Slip 8)—
•7:15 S;OO,11:O0a.ic. 11:00 * a:o ° ™
MiOO- ■; tB:CO *6:oQp.m. ■ - • ° 0 "• 0Q
'roaOAIUND— »oot or BratdirtT . =6-00 »-OB
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 •1:00 • ,48:00 •3:00 SUM
5:05 i*.n.
.- A for Morning. . P for Afternoon. -
• Sundays excepted. " " t Saturdays only.
..„  ™. I Sundays only. • ■..,.-.-.
tt Monday Thursday and Saturday nights only
;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
( 'ia Sausalito Ferry).
From San *^?|^^nm^lng June 15, 1898.
*V£VS cy n* l il S * n Rafa , -7:00. -8-00
»a»?»KS?; 35 1: * 5 i A - *•= * I:iS - 3: *°- *:«.
svm. un. ' ■ SUNDAYS.
fS.i rJ,V? ,T*4 lej and B*u8 * u R*fael-*8:00. •9-nn
• & b A : "v. 8:30p *• Kxvra trlp "* *"w*».tto2
Trains marked •run to San Qnentin. ••ia-3«
M. does not run to Mill Valley. * 3 *
For TV*. THROUGH TRAINS.
KWO.A._K.JhUXdajrs;] L :4a vK X^ VMkteTa>PREDICT A GREAT
FINANCIAL PANIC,
Some Strong Expressions
by Prominent Gold
Democrats.
FREE SILVER STYLED "CHEAT MONEY"
BY SOUND THINKERS.
Many Democrats Denounce Free Silver as
a Delusion and a Snare, but
Are Timid.
" You may state positively that I will never vote for free silver. There never
was a contrivance so potent for injuring the masses of mankind as 80-oalled
cheap money." — John J. Valentine, President of Wells, Fargo & Co.
"Protection is the issue. Give the workinemen employment, and gold and
silver -will take care of themselves."— A. T. Weil.
"If the silver question Is settled in the demagogic manner that the Demo
cratic platform prescribes we may look for a business panic such as America has
never experienced."— Samuel >achs of Sachs Bros. & Co.
"Ho not think free silver is the salvation of existing financial eTils, but I
shall vote the ticket."— J. N. Seawell.
The anti-silver sentiment among the
Democrats is increasing daily.
There are many honest Democrats, and
they are proud of their independence and
willingness to give the public the benefit
of an honest political opinion.
One prominent Democrat says: "There
never was a contrivance so potent for in
jury to the masses of mankind as so-called
cheat-money."
Another says: "A panic such as the
country never dreamed of would follow
such a settlement of the money question
as that proposed in the Democratic plat
form."
Then there are others who lay claim to
no thorough understanding of the finance
question, but urge protection as the para
mount issue.
Samuel Saclig.
Samuel Sachs, managing partner of
Sachs Brothers & Co., one of the largest
importing and jobbing establishments in
the City, was emphatic in the expression
of his views. "I have been a consistent
Democrat all my life, but I am a through
and through gold man and could not con
scientiously bupport the Populistic plat
form which a riotous mob at Chicago has
loisted upon the Democratic party.
•'lf the Bilver question is settled in the
demagogic manner that the Democratic
platform prescribes we may look for a
business panic sucii as America has never
experienced. The trouble is the people of
this conntry are not educated on this ques
tion. They do not know what a silver dol
lar means, and the owners of silver mines
have taken advantage of this fact. It was
simply a scheme of theirs whereby they
hope to get the United Stales to place the
American eagle and the Goddess of Lib
erty upon 55 cents' worth of silver and
mate it worth a dollar.
"If this measure should come into oper
ation the merchant would still have to
pay for all imported goods in gold. He
will have to accept silver in payment for
them and the consumer "will be obliged to
pay proportionate to the difference in the
two money values. The conspmer, who is
primarily the farmer, the miner and the
laborer generally, is paid in silver dollars.
The purchasing power of these will be re
duced from 40 to 50 per cent. In place of
buying an article for $1, as at present,
they will have to pay |1 50.
"It is a fallacy to think the wage-earner
will receive more pay. Wages are regu
lated by the inevitable rule of supply and
demand.
"This entire movement comes from the
Bilver-producina; States. Whereas now sil
ver is worth 55 cents it Would be worth $1,
but would the owners of mines increase
wages proportionately ? Decidedly not.
"Moreover, the honor of the country is
at FtaKe. The people of these United
States, not to speak of residents of foreign
countries who own United States bonds,
expect to De paid in what they have re
cently been compelled to pay for them,
gold. The Democratic platform presumes
to say the Government has no right to
promise to pay anything except that
which it pieases, whether silver, gold or
greenbacks.
"I am bitterly opposed to the free coin
age of silver, but my opposition is not as a
merchant. Neither am I a Danker or a
capitalist. As a merchant it will not ma
terially affect me. As soon as a party ad
vocating such a measure ascended into
power prices would immediately be en
hanced in exact proportion to the value of
gold above biiver, so the consumer would
be the one most seriously affected. Every
person having money in a building and
loan society or in a savings bank will be
detrimentally affected. The roan who has
put $100 in gold in a building and loan
society will receive $100 in silver, or $55 in
Kold value in return. The same will be
true of the savings banks.
"Mexico is a silver country. A Mexican
dollar is worth 60 or <J5 cents. When the
Mexican merchant wishes to remit he has
to pay in that proportion. If the silver
platform of the Democracy should prevail
America would stand upon the same
footing.
"What has California to do with silver?
During the war California was the only
(state that stood out firmly for gold, and
to-day it wants silver. Can any one tell
why? During the war there was an ex
pression 'he has "greenbacked" you,'
meaning he has robbed you. That is what
the Democracy asks Uncle Sam to do to
day. The Democratic party asks Uncle
Sam to discharge his obligations as does
the bankrupt, at 50 cents on the dollar,
yet Uncle Sara is not bankrupt. Wuere
there is no credit there is no trade, no
traffic, and the United States cannot afford
to build a wall around itself.
"Free silver coinage would mean to
make this country a dumping-ground for
silver from all the countries of the worid.
Upon this the stamp of the United States
would be put to make it into dollars.
These are the dollars which will remain
with us. All the gold dollars, save those
which will be taKen out of circulation to
be locked in saf«-deposit vaults, will be
taken away. Then will follow the catas
trophe.
"If no true Democratic platform is put
up I will vote for McKinley, though I am
opposed to extreme protection. I do not
consider the olatlorm framed at Chicago
in any sense Democratic— it is Populistic.
It was rushed through by a band of young
bloods, who completely ignored the ma
tured wisdom of the varty.
"I do not sympathize with those who
say they will not vote at all because the
Democratic convention made a mistake.
A vote for McKinley means two against
free silver, and I wish to make my
vote count as much as possible. Ido not
expect to Bee extreme protection if Mc-
Kinley is elected. I believe in protection
to a reasonable extent, and I believe the
lesson taught by the tariffs of the last
eight years will insure us reasonable and
logical duties.
"It is hard for a Democrat to have to
talk thus, but I feel that the party has
made a great mistake, which threatens
this country with disaster, and I emphat
ically p"ut principles before partisanship."
A. T. Weil.
"I have not given the snbject much
study," said Mr. Weil of the firm of A. T.
Weil & Co., "and therefore don't like to
put my opinion forward. As a Democrat
I always vote my ticket and have never
had any compunctions of conscience in
supporting my party's platform. In the
present instance, however, I do not feel
that the party is right on the leading is
sues. Money is not the issue for us. We
want protection for our industries, and
without that there will be little need for
money. We can use old leather disks for
dollars for that matter. It is all politics
anyway and the man who is led away by
the fallacious promises of free silver will
find himself much poorer if such a policy
should be adopted by the Government.
Protection is the issue here and the money
question is a delusion and a snare to the
great majority of voters."
Attorney J. D. Seawell.
Mr. Seawell gave evidence of his sterling
Democracy when he said: "I do not be
lieve free silver is the solution of the ex
isting evils in this conntry, but I shall
vote the ticket." Asked why, he said:
"I believe tnat all men who are Democrats
should accept the will of the majority of
their party as the criterion of truth."
"Whether principles are involved or
not?" was asked, and he repeated to the
effect "that whether the party policy as
announced in the National platform con
formed to his political views or not, he
would stand by tne ticket. Yes, that is
my idea of Democracy, and cold or silver j
I shall stay Dy it."
A. Bbarboro.
"The money is all right so long as we
have protection," remarked Mr. Sbarboro
of the Italian-Swiss colony. "The people
are going crazy ovsr this financial ques
tion. Few of them understand it, and the
most ignorant are howling for money and
forgetting that no money can flow into
their pockets without needed protection
to the industries which furnish them em
ployment."
Robert U. Morrow.
Robert Head Morrow, an attorney lo
cated in the Crocker building, has plumed
himself on being a Democrat for twenty
years. He freely admits that his love for
the party of Jefferson and Jackson has
amounted almost to blind idolatry.
But there came a change; a long list of
National calamities following in the wake
of Democratic misrule brought him to a
realization of the fact that a screw was
loose in the political machinery.
"I have patiently waited for the head
engineers of the Government to tighten
that screw," said Morrow, "but to my sur
prise and cbagrin, instead of doing that
they have withdrawn the fires from the
furnaces and left the ship of State to drift
whithersoever she will.
"By some miracle she has so far avoided
the reefs, but this year we- are about to
founder on the rook of finance.
"For twenty years I have been proud of
my Democratic principles. If the style
were still in voeue I should now be robed
in sackcloth and ashes.
' "The platform adopted Dy the party at
Chicago is indicative of its status. It is
not only very weak, but it was due to the
enthusiasm and a jangle of silver words
from a silver-tongued orator.
"Instinct teaches selt- preservation. Rats
are said to desert a ship about to sink. I
have taken heed, therefore, and am going
to bid farewell to the party ere it meets its
fate in the coming storm. I simply cannot
see how any Democrat can support the
Chicago platform."
John J. Valentine.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells,
Fargo & Co., has been too long an admirer
of Jeffersonian principles and a supporter
of that party which justified its existence
under those principles to come trooping
into the Republican fold with a glad
heart. Even now he hesitates about say
ing he will support the Republican ticket.
He prefers to state the proposition nega
tively, but this he does very emphatically.
The money question with him is more
than a mere campaign Issue. From his
position at the helm of one of the greatest
business institutions in the \Vest he has
had unrivaled opportunity to study the
ebb and flow of matters financial, and the
instincts of a scholar, coupled with a
shrewd business perception, have enabled
him to grasp the intricacies of the subject
in a manner that makes his opinion one of
greaU'st value. The results of his investi
gations on this subject have recently been
embodied in two scholarly articles which
appeared in the Overland Monthly.
1m Loth of these he forcibly urg«d the
claims of gold as tbe only logical standard.
It was not to be supposed then that even
his lifelong loyalty to Democracy would
be sufficient inducement for him to throw
aside a principle as important and upon
which he was as determined as was that
spurned by the stampeded convention at
Chicago.
"I would hardly wish to be quoted as an
adherent of McKinley," declared Mr. Val
entine yesterday, "because I have always
been opposed to the McKinley Uriff. You.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
| may state positively, however, that I will
i never vote for free silver. My views on
the silver question are well known. Gold
and silver never in any country circulated
simultaneously, concurrently and indis
criminately as coins at a fixed ratio under
unrestricted free coinage of both metals.
"By natural law there is but one way to
provide for bimetallism in any country,
and that is to make the more precious
metal the standard, and then float such
an amount of the cheaper metal as can be
Kept upon an undoubted equality through
interchangeability.
"The so-called double standard is with
out the slightest foundation in any known
principle of economic law and is an utter
fallacy. It has been exposed by every
modern economist and financier of credit
and renown and rejected by every west
ern power of any commercial importance
whatsoever.
"Government cannot create value, and
current values of moneys are determined
independent of legislative enactment or
Government fiat. There never was a con
trivance so potent for injuring the masses
of mankind as so-called cheap money.
There can be no such tning as a double
standard. We must choose either gold or
silver for our standard.
"From my contact with men in the
business world I know that independent
of party the great mass of merchants and
financiers fayor gold, and there are large
numbers in this City who will this year
for the first time in their lives turn their
backs upon Democracy."
A WIFE'S COMPLAINT.
Mrs. Mack Details the Mournful His
tory of Her Matrimonial
Sorrows.
"You seem to have money for drink,
why cannot your children have food?"
"That's my lookout; I don't want any
body interfering in my affairs."
This fragment may serve as a sample of
a rather piquant dialogue which took place
yesterday between Secretary Welsa of the
Society for the gPrevention of Cruelty to
Children and John A. Mack of 421 Harriet
street.
A few days aco Mrs. Mack complained
at; the society's headquarters that her
The Late Watkin William Wynn, the Basis of Whose Fortune Was a Herd of
Cattle lie Drove From Oregon to Alamcda County Forty Years Ago.
\l\ov\ a photograph.]
husband seldom ■worked, leaving the sup
port of the family upon her shoulders.
She also said he drank, and when drunk
beat her and the little ones unmercifully.
The case seemed an oft-told tale to Mr.
Welsh and causing Mack to be brought to
the office he gave him a vigorous hauling
over the coals. Mack's misconduct was
first brought to the notice of the society
twelve years ago. He was threatened with
arrest and punishment in case be continues
his antics.
BIANCHI WAS UNGALLANT
Said He Would Be Hanged if
He Would Marry Bertha
Lehman.
How a Fruit-Dealer Came to Take a
Note and the Result of the
Transaction.
"I put the rope around my neck first,''
said Americo Bianchi in Justice Barry's
court yesterday when asked if he ever had
any intention of marrying pretty B rth;i
Lehman, and, moreover, he said it to Miss
Lehman's face, for she sat in court and
stared defiantly at Bianchi while he testi
fied.
The trouble grew out of a transaction
over a promissory note.
Bianchi ran a fruit and produce store at
813 Larkin street, and Charles Lehman,
the young lady's father, conducted a shoe
shop and pickle factory combined next
door.
After the lapse of a few years the rela
tions of the two shopkeepers became
friendly, and Lehman asked Bianchi to
loan him $150.
Wdether it was Bertha's bright eyes or
the chance of making a good investment
that lured Bianchi was not told in the
testimony, but he loaned the money and
took a note lor the amount. Later he
was told that he should have seen Lehman
sign the note, and he returned the paper
to Bertha, demanding a second note, to be
signed in his presence. He received it,
but when payment was demanded the
note he had returned was shown him and
the claim made that he had given the
paper— tbe only genuine one — 10 Miss
Bertha. Then he forgot her brilliant
j orbs, and sued.
Miss Lehman admitted on the stand
that she had received many presents from
Bianchi, including a pair of diamond ear
rings, which her father had returned to
the fruit dealer prior to the beginning of
the suit. She demurely admitted tbat she
believed that Bianchi was "crazy" to
marry her, but was equally sure tnat there
was not tbe slightest chance of her accept
ing him.
"Then you were merely working the
plaintiff, were you?" asked Biunchi's at
torney.
The question nearly precipitated a row,
the court, witness and both attorneys
talking at once, the former to stop the
bickering, while Miss Lehman's father
and sister muttered ominously in the rear.
Miss Lehman was not compelled to an
swor*
Then Bianchi took the stand and said
he would hang himself ' before he would
marry the fair Bertha or any one else. He
admitted that he had given Bertha pres
entf), but said the note was not one of
them, and that he was not in love with
her to that extent.
Tbe court intimated tbat he believed
Bianchi's story and that he would give
him a verdict.
♦ — ♦ — •
The Bay of Fundy has the hichest tide
in the world. It rises a foot every five
minutes, and sometimes attains a height
of seventy feet.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LIVED NEARLY
THREE-SCORE,
Death of Watkin W. Wynn,
a Pioneer of Alameda
County.
| BURIED BY THE MASONS.
Drove a Herd of Beeves Into
Livermore Valley Forty
Years Ago.
WAS ELDER CF THE CHURCH.
Many Youthful Sunday-School Pupils
Wept Tears Around His
Grave.
Oaklakd Office Sak Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 12. J
Watfcin William Wynn, who died last
week at Livermore, was one of the earliest
settlers in the Livermore Valley. Forty
years ago he drove a band of steers through
the Livermore Valley to Haywarda and
settled on what is known as the Boomer
ranch, where he resided until 1866.
Mr. Wynn was an Englishman and was
born in the western portion of that conn
try 69 years ago. When he was 23 years of
age he emigrated to the United States and
settled in the town of Pomeroy, Meiggs
County, Ohio, where he engaged for a
time in the grocery business, and shortly
after he started for California. In 1852 he
joined an emigrant train and crossed the
plains, arriving at Yreka September 21.
His first three years in thia State were
passed in the mines, but he afterward em
barked in the cattle trade.
He went to Oregon and bought a herd of
beeves, which he drove down to Califor
nia. His trip was one of the most adven
turous ever made, and he met with many
hairbreadth escapes. He remained in the
cattle trade in Alameda County till 1866,
and in that year he disposed of his prop
erty and took up his residence in Liver
more Valley, leasing land for which he has
since paid $30,000.
In 1881 Mr. Wynn purchased 320 acres of
land near the Townsend School, but sub
sequently sold out. and, abandoning farm
ing altogether, invested in town property,
to the care of which he devoted his atten
tion during the later years ot his life.
His death was unexpected, as a few days
ago he was apparently enjoying good
health. His last sickness quickly turned
into pneumonia, which proved fatal. The
funeral took place from the Presbyterian
church. The inverment was accompanied
by the Masonic-ritual services under the
auspices of Lodge No. 218. Past Worship
ful Master W. H. Wright conducted the
ceremony. His Sunday-school class, who
followed him to his grave, were greatly
affected.
The pallbearers were Judge Taylor, Wil
liam Harriss, Dan Inman, George Gilson,
J. M. Doty and tf\ A. Anthony.
Rev. J. R. Wolfe, who knew the deceased
intimately, said: "His record as a citizen
is finished. His career is completed. His
name and goodness are now ready for his
tory as a moral example for the rising gen
eration. He was plain and simple in his
manners and tastes, and he kept his hands
clean from even a suspicion of improper
gain. His performance of public duties
was murked by industry and constant
care. He was a worthy example for the
emulation of youth.''
The deceased was an elder of the Pres
byterian church and was one of the most
respected and popular residents of Liver-
I more.
Borrow on sealskius, sllka and Jewels at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
FRUIT-DEALERS' BANQUET.
They Hold Their becond Annual Re
union at the Occidental.
There was an enjoyable informal ban
quet of the members of the San Francisco
Fruit Exchange at the Occidental Hotel
last night, at which a large proportion of
those connected with the organization
were present. President Frank Dalton
presided. It was the second of these fes
tive occasions in the history of the ex
change.
These functions are held just in advance
of the annual election of the exchange,
and last night's affair was precedent to
the annual election of officers, which will
take place at the rooms of the organiza-'
tion, 317 Davis street, to-morrow, between
10 a. M. and 12 m.
Quips stories and responses to toasts
aided digestion and prolonged the discus
sion of the viftnds and the sipping of
wines. Pretty floral decorations, mainly
of La Trance roses, sweet peas and ferns
greatly enhanced the appearance of the
banquet board.
Among those present were: A. B. Field
A. B. Paul Jr., C. O. Gilbert, Jay Deming'
Isidor Jacobs. W. H. W T ood, B. N. Rowley'
E. T. B. Mills. Frame Dalton. Hermann
Ben-Jel, M. J. Fontana, H. L. Burleson, A.
D. Cutler, I. H. Morse, A. G. Freeman, A.
Rosen b;rg, A. H. Castle.
• — ♦— •— — — _
Matches have not yet displaced the tin
der-box in certain rural districts of Spain
and Italy.
1/Jhen writing for further particulars to any of the JCeatth or {Pleasure {Resorts in these columns
kindly mention the CftJCjC.
- — . - ■
the mm
SPRINGS/
TTAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the wonders of the woeid, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those In search of jiKAi.ru, will be well
paid by visiting them. . .
. ■ ' ■ — —
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Care for Rheumatism, lilyer,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS.. 810 TO «15 PER WEEK.
Two Route* to the Spring*, S. P. Co. and
. S. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTIiETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. £ or
Bar etc Springs, Lake County, CaL
/~ t^T\ Th * Bcantifßl
* p^P|p^ HOTEL
Mf^^^^^ VVXftMIV
VljUVJil
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
' Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted, lnside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled , table, . service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying . deserved patronage and
prosperity. :.,,■:..■■ . ■ --tiv' :.>"'"• ' : -
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
N I I A lUll Monterey conn-
I - ■:•■■■ ■■■* U U ijealth,rest,pleas-
nre, . climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulnhur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
race treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance ball for families.
Para Igo stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty,
enjoyment, for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad; Return -trip ticket, RB. ! Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address K. RoßKllTsoN, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Hiti Yon Been Thekb Irately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoltice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings'and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AND RE JACKSON, N»pa Soda Springs
P. O. --
WHEN . lIRTIAH
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mH IS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel In Uklab, and it la headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
CODA BAY, SITUATED OS CLEAR LAKE,
O Is most Picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus;
been opened.' The tablo is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. . A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Spring-*,
Adams. Selgler, Blue Lakes and baratoga. Fara
from San Francisco, $5 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. O. B. WYATT, proprietor,
Soda Bay. Kflsey vllle. Lake County, Cat.
CAMP TAILOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, narln Co.. Cal.
T7IIRST "- CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
X llghtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine iron: fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofHce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTUK W. KKAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BERT RAND, Proprietor.
City Office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2 to 4 T. M.
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
. GKEAT WING CANYON. ;
Iron . Springs, I*ke*, Bowling « Alley.. Splendid
place for Hunting, Swimming. Boating and ■
. Fishing- ..Klevutlon nearly 11200 • feet.
. ■•■I Climate for Asthma.
SPECIAL COTTAQ feS for CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa.
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 f.iies from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD trout "fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk ; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH. LUTTRINGEK, .-'enview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KIU'M-: & CO., -07 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
ASTORO SPRIXG JIIMAL WATER.
mHE FOUNTAIN OF ■ PEnPETUAL YOTJTH: N
i. euros most any disease c! long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended, by tbous in four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 10$
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has piivilege
of the water. " ■■■-.• -- ...
HAZEL^GLEN.
/SOOD PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM-
'X ! lly five miles from Cloverdale ; rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. ; MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. MEALY. 203 Powell at. v . : .
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA- CRUZ
Mountains. Board from 87 •- to »10 : » • week.
Campers' return ticket, $2 60. Send for circular
to M. 6. COX;, Laurel, Cal.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS I
; :•.,■; ;/•: .---.;
A Place "Where the Invalid <"an Snrely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist i
May Kegale Himself Upon - j
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
.Rest, Kefresliment and Kelaxation.
A Mecca for the Animal Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in (arments
. of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never T.iff His
. Ghastly Head and Where the Waters .
of Healing Four Freely From j
.Natures Own Fountain.
mAKE 8 :1S A. M. OR 2:20 P. -M. TRAIN FROM
-L Third and Townsend streets, 3i/a hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
IST Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management^
(\S AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
\J Redwoods, N. P. C. K. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week; teats, $3 to $5 per week, bend for cir-
cular. . . ...if
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
■i"- .}V . , Cazadero, Cal.
f\TT I li ft II HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
L If Ml■ I ■ V County, only 4% hoars from
\ fi 11 ItiT \ an Francisco; but 9 mil"?
1 1 IV ft I1(I II staging; '"' ' road through
WJAiIM \A 9J canyon; new stamps; sanitary
plum bine: natural temperature of water 130 3 Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqultos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry ■at 7:30
a. M. or 3:30 r. if. .Round-trip ticket only 5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Kates $1- a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL FLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE; no staging: 2 - mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class, bend for circulars.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
, The Gem -of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from santa Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
»» bor; the place where yon feel at horn«. Table
first . Class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion. Fish-
ing and hunting. Terms, $10 and fl2 per week.
i»j.eci»l rates for clubs and large families. Round
m. re ?»■ eta. CEROENSE; ,,
(JO TO MHICAH SPRIGS,
rPWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
i- County, for your health and pleasure. The best .
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel;' 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free bus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, 910 per week. . .. . -
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce. '
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"PECREATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XV vailds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tage* and tents on mountainside overlooking Xapa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and nlsiu-
watch .service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are among the 'amusements. !'ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommnda-
tlons first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOWARD P. springs.
HUWAKU p. c. putah,
'■•■ ■•: LAKE COUNTY. «
pHANGED HANDS— KEKOVATEO AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations— Table and servfce
strictly first class; rates $10. Sl2: special terms
for families; postotttce and telephone on premises:
round trip $ 10: tickets at •->. P. Co.'s offices: coire-
spondenco - invited. Address • PIIOF. JULES ,
HEUQEN, Manager. .-■ ■ -"
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NKW MANAGEHKNT.
DATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $ 3 TO $14 PER
XV week; all baths iree. • -
>■.--, ,;■■'■-.■-. W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
CISCO.
OUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT: 182 MILES
IVL from San Francisco, via C. P. R. 11.; air and
water cannot be excelled;, particulars and rates on
application. HORSEY & FKEKMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco, Placer county, Ca!. "•■ • .
ALTA3IOST HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION
Occideutul. Sonoma County.
ON THE N. P. C. R. R., IS NOW THOR-
oughly renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $U to $8 per week. - Special rates
to families. Climate perfect. : ■ ■ •
DAVID ROBINSON. Proprietor.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
"■ Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and alt Urinary Diseases man is heir
to. For rates and are apply to .
IV. J. O'NEILL, 133 Sixth St.
I'KIAH STABLES AND STAGE COMPAQ,
V\f H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
:»»!• outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah. Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
trains. Daily - stage - for . Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
RESTOREOffiS.
fl W *<$ Pf 6r3» ■ iSE tlon ° r a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
I^Stf^ MANHOOD RESTORED™"''-!,".
Jf r^^-J rmf _ r •■•••■■■■Wl# lIIbV I WllklJVitaUzer.thepreecrip.
tlouoiai»mousl>encb physician, wlllqulcklycureyouof all ne£
\\\ c\l \% ',\\ ?ow»0f dteffesof the BeueraUveorgant, such as Lost Manhood,
a^l hMJ \S «^mJ Insomnia, Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility!
1 I S^L A **Gt £ lm PiM. 4 Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele a«?d
I >C JT V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents qnlck-
. 5 -jVi/^ ;\jfcj/ C 65301 discharge, which If notchecked leads to Spermatorrhtßa and
'' H BEFORE and AFTER ■ all the horrors of Impotency. i'VPIDENE cleanses the liver, fbt
BBtfUKtMOAfitn the urinary all impurities.
•Hi rrPIDFXE strengthens and restores small weak organs.- -■■.- . - x^SKSOSKBtfSSSK^s
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
SProstotlt la. CUPIDENE is the only kno Jrn remedy to cure without an operation. £000 tpgtimonl. '
(Us. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent ear&
jl.oo a box, six for |.\OO, by mail. Send for circular and testimonials. ■
Address DAY 31KDICIN1S CO.i 1170 Market street, Ran Francisco, Cal. Forsaleby
- ~ • BROOKS' PUAKJiACY, 119 Powell <Jt,r»«fc
A
Health Tank
A Swimming-Tank 30x75 feet.
In and out of which flows a
constant stream from
/ETNA SPRINGS
Giving all its medicinal
virtues in their best form.
Rates, $10 to fl4 a week. Take 7a. m. Southern
Pacific train for St. Helena, stage meets you there
it 10 a. m. Unlimited round-trip tickets, $7. Foe
further information call at 318 Battery St., San
Francisco or address W. L. MITCHELL, .Llndell
P. 0.. Napa County. Cal.
CAPITOLA.'
00zr^Wl GEM RESORT.
frinjiliii. ii ng^JTaifiii'. jj 4 Miles Kast of
iji 1 1 1 iiiiMrfji I'jUlg'gjL Hotel at water's edge:
■~~*^BT|-> TCMiQmju.l furnished and partly
_ ._' | / • j furnish'd cottages: free
* '"• "Ar m 4& camp ground; salmon
I f ~*t and trout fishing.
" F.REANIER, Supt.,
* Capitol a, Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Kesort
in the Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. - New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, stace at Madrone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas, CaL
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, Ceil,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
their familif-H. Excellent table and newly-
fitted rooms- Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For information address
JAS. Mi-DOXALD, Boca, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
T. IKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacifo offices, $10: special
conveyance dally. For inforn address JOHN
SPAULDING. Seigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
r*icM:ATii's.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
X> season for deer begins July 16. and those who
wish to have a good bunt and trout fishing time
and a general rood outing should visit or address
A. B. McMATH. Hullvilie, Lake Co., via Ckiah.
Potter Valley dally stage: can stop at the house
or camp in mountains- Terms reasonable.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE PANTA CRUZ
Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families: stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY, Glenwood, Cal. ■ .
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
T)OSS VALLEY, NEAK SAN RAFAEL: COT.
XV tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing.
MRS. PETKR SMITH, Manager.
WHITE OAK FARM.
YEAR CLOVERDALK; PLENTY OK FRUIT,
i.i vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, egK*.
etc.: terms $7 per week. Address W. H. IUATT,
Cloverdale, Cal. . _________
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN BAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms: large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
drey* P. O. box 22tf. - -
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, &ISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager,
• • ■ Hilton Postomco, Sonoma County.
HO. HUNTERS FOR SANHEDRIN
Heights: SO miles from Uklah: the sports-
man's. Mecca and ladies' res', and delight; wild
picturesque scenery; ice-cold water: over 4000-
-foot altitude; among the pines; saddle-horses,
guides, ect.: best of tables; cood beds: hot, cold
and steam baths; city references and particulars
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FRASIN, manager; address Sanhedrln, Lake
County, CaL : * .- ■ ■ .
IVEKSIDK RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, S9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; ilsuin.', hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. . Excellent table:
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
TTOTELDELMAR— OXTHE SEASHORE; 20
XX minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; tabla unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing; buses meet all trains; children, 93
to $5 per week: adults, $9 per week: special rate*
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Sauta Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, t*. F. ■■ ; ' - \:
HOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near • nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
BISOX, lessee. ,'. .
AT BELMONT, SAN JM.Ai.bv> CxTTInTTT
board for summer months; private I family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
IJROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; . FINE SHADE;
I> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Audress Brookside, Napa.
T O WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
Xj send for Illustrated pamphlet and . terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.. . -■■■■..
ANITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HAES-
TERS, proprietor. .
/CYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EPIJSY. Napa, Cal.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKKTS.
Sliver weaker.
Good export movement In Flour.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats. Corn and Rye dulL
Large receipts of Bay.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Vegetables in good supply.
F. u ter conies in soft.
Cheese continues to Improve.
Eggs unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Apricots doing better again.
Figs, Plums and Peaches firm.
Berries In large supply.
Limes scarce and higher.
' Oranges about out.
Provisions unchanged.
Explanation.
RThe arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
a 1 station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huadredtbs.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
. word "hieh" means hitch barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
'."Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coa-st. When the pressure is high in the interior
.and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
I north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
. marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
' able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather mny be expected in summer and colder
. weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
v.ill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricui>
tube. Weather Bureau, San Francisco, July
13, 1896, 5 F. K. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
1 Eureka 64. Fresno 106, San Dieeo 76, Red Bluff
104. sen Luis Otuspo 80, Yuma 108, San Francisco
71, Los AncelesOV!.
- San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 71,
minimum 54. mean 62. '
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the past
twenty-four hours along the coast of Cali ornia and
Oregon. A low area covers the coast south of Ore
gon, and conditions are favorable for continued
warm weather Tuesday. The temperature has
risen from 10 to 20 degrees in the past twenty-four
' hours over the northern hair of the country, and
has fallen about 10 degrees over Utah. A thuuder
storm occurr.-d at Salt Lake City, with a rainfall of
.44 inch.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending miduli-ht, July 14. 1896:
• Northern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather, with hot northwesterly winds In
land, fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy weather; continued
high temperatures inland; light southwesterly
winds on tne coast.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer in northeastern
portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; conditions favorable for
thunderstorms in extreme northeastern portion;
warmer Tuesday and Tuesday night.
Arizona — Cloudy weather; continued high tem
peratures. . :-:. ■ '
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds.
■ ALEXANDER O. McAdie,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
; JtJCW YORK. N. V.. July 13 Not a little
disappointment was felt In stock circles to-day be
cause of the failure. of London to respond to the
rise in this market on Saturday. This led to sales
.by local traders at the opening, ana subsequently
when it became known that the posted rates of
sterling exchange had been advanced half a cent
and that withdrawals of gold from the sub-treas
ury were talked of the pressure to sell increased.
It subsequently transpired that the amount of
withdrawals from the sub-treasury had ben ex
aggerated .or speculative effect, but owing to the
1) ur.sn temper of the trading element in the
board this did uot prevent the market ruling weak
right up 10 the close. ! The market Is so narrow
■thai no particular stress is laid upon current specu
lative movements especially as the short Interest
Is so large that any considerable movement to
cover might lead 10 a rally an. day. Specula'ion
closed weak. Net changes show losses of i4@.!S/ a
per cent, Sugar leading. Total sales were 16^,600
shares.
Bonds were weak; sales footed up 663,000
shares. Chesapeake and Ohio general four and a
halts fell 1 to 71%; Chicago and Northern Pacific
fives certificates, 1 to 44; Wisconsin Central fives
certificates, 1 to 32.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, weak; winter wheat, low grades
$1 70@2 50; do fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do
patents. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, $'/ 40(32 30;
do straights, $2 9&@3 40: ao patents, $3 15®4;
low extra. $1 7U@.s 50; City mills, $3 90; do
patents, $4@4 25.
t CORNMKAL— Dull, steady; yellow Western,
$2 05<g»-' 10: Brandy wine. $2 15.
R^E- Dull; Western. 38%@39c
BARLEY— Quiet; 49-tb sucks quoted 32c.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western, 48@53c
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; f. o. 0,. 64c; ungraded
red, 55(g,b5c.: No. 1 Northern, 64 3
Options opened firm and advanced %©lc on
firmer cables and better West, fell i/»c on In
creased stocks and closed steady at y 8 c a ivance to
V c decline wltli a fairly active trade. September
an: December most active. July, 60% c; August,
61VS«c: September. 6ly a c; October. 62Vs<-'; Decem
ber, 83%& :
stocks of grain in store and afloat July 11:
Wheat, 2,315.291: corn, 490,400; oata. 1.765,237:
rye. 39,000: barley, 63,100; malt, 110,000 peas!
IliOO bushels.
CORN-Dull, firm; ao. 2, 32»4c elevator; 333&.C
uiloui. ' -
Options were dull and firm at %@%c advance
with the. West and on better cables. September
most active: July, 32«4c; August, 33c; Septem
oer, 33Vsc: October, 33%& . •
OATS— DuII, firmer. ' -
Options quiet, firmer; July, 20*4 c; August.
201/4 C: September, 208/, c. *«B"»t.
■ .Spot prices: -No. 2, 2 @203 4r: No. 2 white.
•*2c; .No, 2 Chicago,^2l%l21 B ic; o . 3 < 1934 -
No. 3 white, me: mixed Western. 20@20%c;
white do, 22@25%c: white State, 22©25% c.
FEED BRAN-30@50%c <»'•"»«-
M I DDLINGS— 6O@62%c.
RYE-Feed, 65c.
■:',:. Provisions.
BEEF— ouiet. Family, $8 50©9: extra
mess, $6fg,7. Beef hams, dull, $14 60@lb: tlerced
beef. Inactive; city extra India mess, $1 @13- cut
meats, firm, wanted; pickled bellies, 12 pounds,
4%5@43/ + r: pickled shoulders, 4ys@4s/,c; pickled
hams. 9>4@loc. - " . r
LA KD- Quiet, easy. Western steam. $4- city
$3 30@340: September, $4 02%: refined dull :
continent, $4 20; south American, $4 60; com
pound, 4®4i4& : <:■-. ' m
PORK-Dull. steady. OJd" mess, $7 75@8 25
-new mess, $8 60@8 75. ■ '
BUTTER— , moderate demand. State
dairy, 10@14%c: do ciramery,.ll%<aisc: West
ern dairy, 9@l2c; do creamery, 11%®15c; do fac
tory, ixailc; Klglns, 16c; imitation creamery, 10@
. : - CHEESE— Quiet; State large, 6%@6»4c:'ao
small, 5V 2 @7c; part skims, 2@4% C ; full skims,
1 1/2@2C. "tfStgff^SSlSf^SSri^ - ■' ■
j.(;cs- Choice, firm; State and Pennsylvania.
. 13% c: Western . fresh. = 10%@12%c; do per
case, $1 50@3 40. . ' -
COTTONSEED OIL— Easy, qul»t, Crude, 20®
2'<% c: yellow, prime. 24% c: do off grade, 24c
TURPENTINE— Steady; 243,i.§2&%c.
POTATOES- Weak: large receipts; Southern,
■it). fa? - . . '
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
• ' ■'■ • . BRANCH OFFICE ' •: -.' " ' ■ ; "
628 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
: .; ■;. J. S. rUItOY,: Manager. -' • 
Orders instantly executed on . latest market quo-
: tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank, B. F. - ■ ■
CHICAGO.;; *IUyA-rE WIBK. . KltW ~XQB.IL'
RlCE— Steady, quiet. Domestic fair to steady,
3®5%c; Japan, 4@4V*c.:
MOLASSES— New Orleans open kettle, good to
choice. 27@37c
COFFEE— Barely steady, 6@lo points down.
August, $11 25@11 30; September. $10 70@10 SO;
October, $10 25; December. $10@10 05: -March,
$10; May. $9 86. Spot Rio easier, quiet, No. 7,
13% c
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, steady. Fair refining.
2y 8 c; centrifugals 96 test, 3%c; refined, quiet
and steady: off A. 4y I ©-is c V &>: mola
A, 6c: standard A. 43,4 c: confectioner*' A, 4%c:
cut loaf 5«, 8 c; crushed. SS/ac: powdered, 6c;
granulated, 4^c; cubes, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%@llc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %4 to, 13@14c; do unpeelea.
7%(ffiB%c. . : . - -;-., ,;-
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal: 5c
RAISINS— Loose muscatel, two-crown, 3%@
4c; do three-crown, sc; do iour-crowu, 6%c ;
London layers. $:@1 05.
HOPS— Quiet, easy: State, common to choice,
2%@7%c; Pacific Coast, 2%@6%c
. WOOL— Firm, moderate demand: domestic
fleece, 16@22c; pulled. 15@35c: Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise. .
Pin IRON— American, $10 25@1 3,
COPPER-Quiet: lake. SU 25&11 50. .
LEAD— Weak; domestic, $2 05@2 07%.
TIN— Straits, »13 65©13 60: plates firm,
moderate demand.
tl'tJLT^i.-Qulet: domestic. $4 06@4 10
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ixi., July 13.— While the general
Impression this morning was that better business
could be looked for, and this in a measure was
supported In the first hour of trading, the wheat
market did not experience a boom that could
really be called such. Quotations, however, were
stronger on the weather report of higher tempera
ture in the Northwest and higher cables. Letter
trading sagged on the refusal of outsiders to come
to the support of the advocates of higher figures
and on the visible supply report, which showed an
Increase of 21,000 bushels. Receipts In the North
west were 481 cars against 1017 a wee ago and
150 a year ago. Chicago received 280 cars and in
spected out 13.379 bushels. Atlantic seaboard
clearances amounted to 146,934 bushels. Liver
pool cables were f4@%d higher. September wheat
opened from 56% c to 66% c. sold between 56 % c
and Ss%c, closing at 555/g®ss *, 4 c, V*@ s /ac lower
than Saturday. .
COrtN — Sympathized . with the advance in
wheat, bat trading was comparatively light. The
strength was mainly due 10 the expectation that
reduced rates to the East will greatly increase the
movement of that cereal into consumption. Re
ceipts were small, but 365 cars arriving while 475
were estimated. Withdrawals from store were
310,338 bushels. Liverpool cables were quiet but
steady. Danube shipments were 986,000 bushels.
September corn opened at 25^'g@27%c, sold be
tween 28c and 27 Vs@2BVic, closing at 27V4C: | un
changed from Saturday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 610 cars. ■ '
OATS— The market was dull but steady In its
ea.ily stages, but later, on an attempt to cover, the
outsiders found a weakened market and the price
broke 4 c. The business was of a limited aggre
gate. Receipts were 171 cars, and 51.196 bushels
were withdrawn from store. September oats
closed unchanged from Saturday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow, 205 cars. '
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 7114 c: September,
71% c: December, 73% c Receipts were 17 cars.
PnO VISION^— Were dull and. spiritless and
showed no sympathy .whatever with the grains.
There was no business of note, notwithstanding It
was hoped that a post-convention inertia would
no-, present itself. September pork closed 16c
lower than Saturday, September lard 10c and
September ribs 7%c lower. -
BUTTER— butter market was quiet and
steady, with nothing new or Interesting to report.
For strictly fancy makes of creamer! a good de
mand existed, but all poor grades were slow. Offer
ings as a whole were quite liberal.
Creameries— Extras. 14% c: firsts, 13@i4c:
seconds, 10c; Imitations, lancy. 10c Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10@10%c; firsts, 8%(a,9c; packing stock,
*-c; ro.l, 6<s>7c-
EGGS— The situation in this market was pre
cisely the same as given urday. | Really fresh,
loose, quoted at 9%c %♦ dozen: recandled, 9%@
10c; shipping order, 10c; southern, 9c
.MU.M.I-\>M s(jt.j! on call and eg on time
loans. Mew York exchange sold at 60c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— JuIy. 645/ c; September, 554fe@55*4c;
December, 57^ 8 @57%c • -
corn— July. 263/* c; September. 27% c: May,
29%& - ■ '
oats— July, 16% c; September, 15% c; May,
18% c
1- September. $6 67%: January $7 45.
JLA It U— September, *3 70: January, f 4 05.
i-.liib— Septemoer. S3 60; January, $3 80.
Livestock.
TKTOv STOCKYARDS. Ik., July 13— Nearly
all offerings of cattle found sale, but the undertone
of the market for natives was decidedly weak.
1 Prices for hogs were steady to-day and the demand
fairly good from all sources. Western sheep were
at a decline of 1 0&1 5 c from last wees.
CATTLE — ReceiDts, 13,000. Fancy beeves.
$4 65@4 60; ctioice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound
steers, $4 25@<l 50-. good to choice steers. 1200
to 1700 pounds. $4 10(34 'JO : medium steers. 1000 10
1350 pounds, $3 80&4 05: common to extra. 960
to 1200 pounds. $3 40(0,3 50: stockersand leeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. $2 3 0@3 75 ; common to choice
stocKers. $2 46@)3 40: Dulls, cnoice to extra. $2 80
@3 30: cows and heifers, extra, $3 75@4; cows,
lair to choice, C 2 50.a>.l 50: cows, common to fair
canners*. $1 25<i&2 25; calves, good to choice.
$4 8015 35; cows and bulls. $1 20<g»3 50: ca ves,
common to good, $304 75; TexansT $2 5U@3 70;
'IfXH- 'I steers, $3 2U($3 85: lexas cows, bulls and
oxe s . OU@2 85; milkers ana springers, per head,
$20(a4'J. Texas grass steers. $2 60@3 25.
Hobs— Receipts. 30,000. Heavy packlnc ana
shipping lots, $3 Obits 30: common to choice
mixed. .'2 15&3 40: choice assorted. $3 40(6 a 65;
light, $3 3S@3 60; pigs, $2 75(5,3 50.
bkik.k.l-— Receipts. 16,000. inferior to cnolc*
$2«4; iaiuba, $3«0 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., July 13.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold at open auction to-day California fruit
as follows: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 Ob@l 45 %l half
crate. rear*— Harriett. 95c@$l 45 1* box; weaitier
very hoi aud mu.-gy; pears in ventilated cars ar
rived cooked. Plums. 90e(£$l 10 * half crate.
Apricots— Royals, 90@95c f) halt crate.
NEW YOKK, N. V., July 13.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day as
follows: Prunes— Tragedy, 95c@$l 95 $ half
crate; . Purple Duane, 95c@l 36; Peach, 85c(a)
$1 65. Cherries-Royal Anne, $1 05@2 35 « box.
Pears— Bartlett, $101 95 ft box.
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%; last loan' at 2%
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper,
5@6%%. Bar silver, 68% c Mexican dollars,
53-*; 4 si3ic Sterling Exchange firmer, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87i/4@4 87% for
60 aavs and $4 88% for demand. - Posted rates,
$4 BS@4 89. Commercial bills, $4 86%. Gov
ernment bonds lower; State bonds weaK: railroad
bonds weak. . Sliver at the board was easier.
exoenro stocks.
Am Tel 4 Cable.. . . 90 Norfolk * Westrn. 6%
Atcnison ifcS/i Preferred......... 11
Preferred 19% Northern Pacific.. 7%
Adams pre 55.. ..146 Preferred. 16
Alton. Terre Haute 68 Northwestern 988/.
American Express! o9 Preferred 149
AmericanTooacco. 6114 N. Central 94%
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chicago&3.l» 12
Bay State Ga5...... 19 Ist preferred 67
Baltimore <t Ohio.. 17 M preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.&N. H. 170
buffalo. Koch &. P. 18% N. Y. & New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific... 60% N. V.. Susq & W... 8
Canada Southern.. 46 j Preferred 21%
Canton Land 60 Ontario 11%
Central Pacific 15%'ontarlo A Western 13»/
Ches. & Ohio i 4 Oregon Improvmnt %
Chicago Alton. 156 Preferred —
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. & Q.... 71% Oregon Short Line, a
Chicaeo&E. 111... 41 Pacific Mall.; ' 21*4 ;
Preferred .... 99 Peoria, D.& Evans 1%
CbicagoGas 58 Pittsburgh W. pfd 15
Clever P!ttsbnrg..l64 Pullman Palace,. ..148
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver....;.;.-. 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .152 Preferred 18
C. C. C. ASu Louis 28 Reading. . '. •. 13%
Preferred..: 75 RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel & Xros.. 20 Preferred.;. 40
Pref erred......... 100 Kocfc Island 62%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9 Rome Wat<£Ogden.ll4 :i / i ■
Commercial Cable. I*s- St. L. S. W.. . 334 j
Dei. Hudson 122 1 Preferred 9 i
Del. Lac Westrn. 155 St. Paul. .. .. '74 I
Denver* R. 0 12% Preferred. 127 V*
-. Preferred. 46 St. Paul <fe Duluth. 18
Distillers 13 i Preferred......... 80%
General Electric... 2534 St. Paul <t Omaha. 37% j
Erie 14V4 1 Preferred.. ....... 124 -
Preferred......... 38% St. P. M. A M...;.. 109
Fort Wayne . . . ... .160 silver Certificates. . 68%
Great Northern pfd 110 Southern Pacific... 18^4
Green Bay .'.. % Southern R. R -8% I
Harlem 294 Preferred ... 24%
Hocking C0a1...... y 8 Sugar Refinery ....108%
Hocking Valley... 16% Preferred 100
Homestake. 84 Term. Coal & Iron. 20%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 93V* Texas Pacific... 7
lowa Central....... 7% T01.A.A.A N.Mich.
Preferred... 28 .> Tol. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas & Texas... lli/s Preferred... .70
Preferred. ' 21i/ 4 Tol.BuLouis<t K.C. 5 •
KincBion<S Pern... 3 Preferred. ■ 6
Lake Erie A Westn 16% Union Pacific. . '".'. 6^
• Preferred......... 681/4 U. P. Den <fc Gulf.. 2
Lakebhore 147 U. "B. Cora age 4% I
National Lead 21% Preferred....:.... BV4
■ Preferred...... 84% Guaranteed „.... 17
Long 151 and........ 74 U. S. Express 40 ;
Louisville* Nash. 4*-»/ 8 U. is. Leather...... 68/*
Louisville. Na<fc Ch 7V* 1 " Preferred. "" 65
Preferred..... .... 16 U. S. Rubber! '...'..'. 16%
Manhattan Consol. 96%! Preferred. . 73Vi I
Memphis <fc Charts. 16 tUtlca AB. River .160
Mexican Central... 9 Wab. XL 4 Pac 6^
Michigan Central.. ' 92% Preferred. 16
Mlnn&aL. Wells-Fargo.."... 96
-Preferred....:,...—- Western Union.... 81%
Minn St. L com. ) 6 Wisconsin Central • 1
Ist preferred ..; -74 Wheeling &L. E.. 8%
M 2dpreferred 4 48 ■ Preferred......... -83% I
Missouri Pacific.... 20% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 45 I
Mobile <fc Ohio 18 W. C Beef • 7
Nashville & Chatt. 68 lAtin Arbor..;"""] - 7% !
National Unseed.. 16 ! Preferred....... . .22%
N. J. Central ? BrooKlyn Traction.; 21 I
North American... , 4% Krie 2d ptd... 20% i
CXOSINO ' BONOS. "'
C S 4s, registered.. lOBV4M KT2ds.. 65%
Do 4s. coupon 109 Do 4s !"""-" 81 *
U S4snew, regstrdlltf iMuiual Union 8«""ll4i-4 '
Do 4s, coupon.... 116 ;.\ J Cent Gen 5s "] I7\t
Kft:;;:::;:::aSj"S3Sr.!r..^?-ii!^
i>o»s. coupon.... us 3 x>o3ds.!.".';;;;;;; 69%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 18^6.
Cherokee 4s, 1898.100 Northwest Consols.l
Do 1897........ 10U Do deb 6s .100%
Do 1898..........10 I OR AN 15t5.......108
Do 1899......:... 100 stL*lronMtGen6i 75
Pacific of '95.... , StL&S F Gen 6s. 11l
DC 3-C55.......... 1O»V4 St Paul Consols. ...12rt>4
Ala Class A 4s 104 St P C A Pa 15ta...118
Do Class B 4, 65.. 106 Do Pao Cal lsts. .110
LaConsoi 4s ..99 Southern Kit 55... 88^
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific Iris. 84V*
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pacific 2ds.. IS3, 4
Do 45..:.-......... 100 Union Pao lsta 96.103%
So Carolina 4%5... 100 West Shore 4a. 104%
Tenu new Si 76 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 64
Va funding debt... 67% R Grande West lsts 73%
Do registered —• Ches A Ohio 55.,..108V>t
Do deferred 65... 6 AtcnUon 45... 77%
Do trust rcpts st. 7 Do 2ds A 38%
Canada South 2ds.. 106 GH ABA6s .. 101
Cen Pac Ist* of '96.100 Do2d7s 96
Den AP. Gist 11l H * Tex Cent 65..107
Do 45............:. PO Do con 65......... 102
Erie Ms.. ...66 Reading 4s 76
Kansas Pa Consols 69 Missouri Us. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den dlvll3 >
FOREIGN MARKETS.
•-■'■ ' WHEAT IK I.IVIRPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Kxu., July 13.—The spot market
Is firm at 5s 2%d. Cargoes steadier at 265, sellers,
prompt shipment,
FTTTrrBBS.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2. Bed Winter:
July, 4s 10i/*d; August, is 10% d; September, 4s
101 4 d: October, 4s 10y*<l: November, 4s 10% d.
KKCUBITIKS. -.
LONDON. Eno.. July IS. - Consols, 115%;
sliver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes. 102f. .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — '$4 88
Sterling Exchange,sight — 489
Sterling Cables — 4t*9%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraDhla — 10
Fine Silver, »* ounce — 688%
Mexican Dollars 63% '*%
1
.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT—Previous prices' rule, with a quiet
market. No. 1. 92%@93>4c; choice, 95@97%c;
lower grades, 87%®90c; extra choice for milling,
$l(g)l 10 %4 Ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
In format, -Session—lo o'clock—December—
100 tons. 97% c: 100. 97% c.
KK(;n.AK Mobkisq cession—December—4oo
tons. 97% c.
aftkbxoon Session — DecemDer — 300 tons,
9734 c
B . RLEY—Is dull and unchanged. Feed, 67%
@70c ft ctl: choice bright, 7UA@7U%c: Brewing,
7i@Boc^ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal- SKBBION—IO o'clock—No sales.
.Regular Horning MBMION—NO sales.
Aftebnoon session—December—loo tons, 70c.
OATS—Offerings are ample and the Inquiry Is
light. Milling, b&@9oc: fancy Feed, 90(a.9v!%c;
good to choice, 82%&90 c: common to fair, 77%@
80c; Gray, 80@82%c; Surprise. 95c(g,$l 02%.
CORN—Unchanged and inactive. Large Yellow
Is quo.able at 90<$95c: Small' Round do, 97% c;
White, 77%@82%c t* ctl. ■
RYE—Quoted . at 72%(§75c V ctl for old and
66c for new.
BUCKWaEAT-85@90c f* ctL
FLOUR AND, MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR—The China steamer took out 17,960
bbls, a very good invoice. Net cash prices are:
Family extras, $3 75@3 85 9 bbl; Baken* extras,
S3 55®3 60: superfine, $2 75(0.3.
CORNMKAL, ETC. - Feed Corn. $19 60@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 V ion.
MILLSTUFFS—Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c:.Kye Flour, 3V4c; Kice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, /4@3c; extra cream do. 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats, 4%c: Homliiy, 4^4%c: Buck- '
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked beat, 3%c; Farina, !
4%c: WholeWheat Flour, 3c; Rolled uu.l3, 4V*<:; i
1 .ail Barley, 4%c; Spilt Peas, 4%f1; Green do,
6V4C '♦ Ib.
HAY AND FEED STUFFS.
BBAN-$l4 50.j.15 50 for the best and $13 60©
14 'f ton for outside brands.
.Minni l.\(->—916017 ?* ton for lower grades
and $17 F>U@lB 60 ¥> ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF*—RoIIed Barley, $15@16 50: Oil
cake Meal at the mill. $21 per ton; jobbing, $22;
Cottonseed Oilcake is out of market.
H A V—The market held up In spite of receipts of
1110 tons, and choice Hay rules firm, though cheap.
Hay is weak. New Wheat, $7 60*11; new Wheat
and Oat. $7@10: new Oat, $6(j&8; new Barley,
$6 50(£8; River Barley, $4 50@5; Alfalfa. $63
6 50; Clover, $t>siB.
STRAW-Weak at 30@40c 9 bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 90(597%c 9 j
ctl; Small Whites, $I@l 16 9 ctl: Pea, $1 20
©140: Large Whites, 9Oc@sl 05; Pink, 75(a85c; ■
Reds, $1 10@l 30: Blackeye, $] 60tol 60; Red
Kidney, nominal: Llmas, $2 35@2 65: Butters,
$1 35@1 50 for small and $1 60(3,1 75 for large.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60®
22S ? ctl: Trieste, $2@2 10 ctl: Yellow Mus- '
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,- 3 *c
V Ib; Alfalfa, 7%@9% %i tb: Hipo, 2%c V£;
Hemp, 3%c i> ft.
DRIED I'tAS-fl 25®1 40 f\ cU for Mies and
$1 25©1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— market continues very weak.
Garnet Chiles, Vs@9oc: Peerless. 60@75c; Early
Rose, In sacks, 35@60c: Early Rose in boxes, 40®
60c: Burbank Seedlings, 40c@$l ? ctl for Rivers
and $1 20<<$l 30 for San Leandro.
ONIONS—DuII at the low prices. White, 40®
60c: Red, 15@25c ?* ctl.
VEGETABLES—Corn was firmer and Tomatoes
were weaker. Green Corn, <asl 25 •& sack: Ala
meda Corn, $1 5U@2 V crate; Berkeley Corn, $1®
1 25: Summer Squash. 20@30c for Bay: Egg Plant,
8c; Tomatoes, 75c@$l V box for Los An-eles
an 1 40@75c for Vacavilie: Cucumbers. 40@5u<::
Alamort a encumbers. $101 25 "$ box: Asparagus.
$1(3,2 60; Green Peppers, 60@75c '$ small box and
$I©l 50 9 large box Green Peas. 6Ocf<4.s 1 * sack
for common and 2@2%c $> n> for Garden: String
Beans. l@3c V Ib; Green Okra, 8c ft ft; Cabbage,
4b(<j,soc %i cU; Garlic 2&2V»c '* ft.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER—Is coming in soft and oat of shape,
owing to ; the hot weather In the Interior. No
cnange in prices
Creamery—Fancy, 14%@16c; seconds, 14c
9ft-
Daibt—Fancy, isai3%c: good to choice, 120
12V2: lower grades, Tl@il%c. w
CHEESE—The market is firm and prices show
considerable change. Fancy mild new. 7@7i^c;
common to good. 6466' -^c: Cream Cheddar. SHglOc;
Young America, 7@9c It ft; Western; lOO&llc:
Eastern, ll@l3c.
EGGS— Steady at the improved prices. Store
Kprts, 10&12 c; ranch Eggs, lB®16c; Duck Egg%
128180.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY—A car of Eastern sold at $5 50@6
for Hens and $6 for old Roosters. Local stock was
nominal.
Live Turkeys, 12©] 6c for Gobblers, 11013 c for
Hens: Geese, 9 pair, $I@l 25: Ducks, $2 60@3 50
for old and $3<s4 9 doz for voune: Hens. $3 6006
4 60: Roosters, young, $4 60(97: do, old. $404 60
9 dozen: Fryers, $3 60@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $: cu®2 50 for small; Pigeon*, $1 26(3
1 60 ft doz for young and old.
GAME—Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
' ORCHARD FRUITS—'
Apricots have recovered from their weakness
and are selling higher again. - Figs, Plums and
Peaches are strong.
Peaches. 25<a65c <£ box, and 40@76c $ basket:
Crawfords, 78@85c t* box.
Plums, 2&<&tssc t* box and 76@90c 9 crate.
'Apples, 2&(&40c V) small box and 40fe75c %4 large
box. "*'H*"T' 11 UM< f^fT^-JOBfa^wiiiiß
Pears—2s@7sc ~$ box and 25c 9 basket; Bart
letts, 50@75c * small box.
Apricots, 15@40c ft box; $20023 9 ton In bulk
for the general run, with sales of poor at $15 and
choice at $25. ■ ■ , . .
Figs, 35©50 c %> box for single and 76c05l $ box
for double layers. ■•..-..
BERRlES—Supplies continue large.
strawberries, $2 60@4 9 chest for Longwortht
and $1 60@3 for large berries.
.'Raspberries, $■- 75@4 "$, chest.
Blackberries, 't< chest.
' Currants, $2@4 '■?. cbest..
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Ynma,
—— V crate ;^Black Grapes, from the same source,
$1 25@1 50 f» crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes are scarce and higher.
Oranges are nominal, | there being hardly enough
here to quote. Lemons are quotable t.t $102 »
box for common and $2 5003 tor good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $7; -Bananas, $I(^2 % bunch:
Pineapples, $I©* 'f. dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUriK— *~ , \.
New Apricots, 6@6>4c « Ib In the sweat-box and
6@7c f. o. b., coast with Eastern markets very dull.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots—Apples, l%@2c V Ib for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy. Apricots. 6®6i,<iC
for urime to choice. for fancy and 10011 c "9,
Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs,, black, 2%c for im
pressed; White . Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears. 7c »ft
for evaporated halves. 3%@6c * ft for quarters:
Prunes, S@3V4c: Plums, 3%c*l ft for pitied and
l%@2c for unpitted; Nectarines, 3%(350 il Ib ■ for
prime to choice and 6%c for fane*.
_ Jobbing 'pßicKs-£.vaporateo apples. 405e
* Ib; sun-dried, l%@2c: Peaches. 3%@5c ana Be
for fancy; peeled In boxes,l2V 8 c * ft; Prunes. 3%c
for ■ four : sizes.: 4%c for 40@50's . and 4c . for
50@60's; Apricots, 7@Bc lor < prime to choice.
lOfgill for fancy Moorpark;. Figs, .black, 3Vac
White ■ Fl«s,3<»sc: Pears, 8c H ft for evapo rated
halves and 4©7% c for quarters: Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted ana l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarine*,
4@sc 9ft for prime to choice. . .
.. RAISINS—Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none-. S-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown. 2%c * Ib: seedless sultanas,
8c: seedless Muscatels, IS/ie: 8-crown London lay
ers, 70c f! box: clusters, $1 35@1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, »2 10t0.2 25; Imperial clusters, »2 60®2 76 ■•
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, none; 2-crown. -i* It. Seedless Sul
tanas, .4c * ft; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; S-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 6001 75-
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial dusters, $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are .; as follows: Wai
nuu, »@llc lor No. 1 bard and ll®l3c » Ib for
pai>er-snell. jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%e for
Languedoo and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts. tSOtSV-iC V It for Eastern and for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts. 6@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 80 for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
8©,10 c« tb: Cocoanuts. »4 60@5 "0 100. C :.
HoNkY-Comb 10@12%0 V Ib for bright and 8
©Co ¥ Ib for lower grades'; water-white extracted,
6(9.5 1 ' ¥ Bj: llgnt amDer extracted, 4<^@-l%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2®3c.
BEESWAX-25©.'7ViKT» Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%C V tt>
for heavy, 7%c fl Ib for light medium, 9®»%0 for
light, 10@llc for extra Uebt and 12c for sogar
curea; eastern Sugar-cured Hams, .12@12%c;
California Hams, 10%@llc •$ Ib: Mess Beef, S7<&B:
extra mess do. $8 50«»9: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 60; extra clear, $14. * bbl;
mess, $12 Co@i3 bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c # Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at sV*c SP Ib
for compound and 6V4C for pure; palls. 7c $ Ib;
California tierces, 4«Ac for compound •■ nd 6c for
pure; half-bbls, 6i/ic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-lb, 714 c.
m COTTOLENE-tj^tjiio in tierces and «Si@7%c
VlO in 10- Ib tins. ' ' ".
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
. HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
7%c 9 Ib; culls and brands. 6@6%c 9 &>: medium,
6©6 Vac » Ib; culls and brands. 6@5%c * Ib: light,
6c : culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides. 6@s V a c : culls
and brands. 4@4 V»c: salted Kip, 5c * Ib: salted
Call, 7@Bc: salted Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10%<$llc:
culls and brands. B@B%c: dry Kip and Veal, B®9c:
cull*. 7c: dry Calf, 15c: culls. 10c; Goatskins,
20(a.36c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, cood summer.
30c; medium. 15@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10<ai5c each; short wool, 20@
86c each: medium. 40@50c each; long wools, 504*
60c each. Cuils of all kind about %c less. - • -
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. Bi4@3%c; No. 3,
8c: refinea, 5%@5S4 C; Grease, 2%c +, 2>.
, \\ OOL— HuniDol and Mendocino is quotable at
10@12c n>; Valley Oregon. 9@llc V tb: do
lower grades. B@loc Ib; Nevada, 6@9c V tb;
Ban Joaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
ban Joaquin, foothill, good to choice. 7@Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%(5&6%c; . northern free,
detective. 6@6%?^ £
llOPfa-Nomlnal at l%(^3c %4 a.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Haw. spot. $4 25: Ban
Quentin, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24%@28%c ,i
COAL- Wellington, $8 ton; New Wellington,
$8 » ton; Couthtield Wellington. $7 50 * ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant. $5: Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsena, $7: Scotcn, $7 50; Brymoo, $7 60;
Cumberland. $ll@li! in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg* $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannel, $7 60; Bock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; coke,
$11^12 In bulk and «13 « ton In sks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
Quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 514 c;
Confectioners' A, 6%c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4%c: Golden C, 8 c; half-barreia, V4C more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Blackstrap, 10c !
vgil
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
8 .5 E , F - Flm «J"*Ht7, 6c; second ao> 4%@t%c:
third do, 3%@4c fl fo.
VKAL-Larg*. 4@sc; small, s@6c <$ Ib.
-Wethers, 6c: EwesT4@4%c » Id.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@5%c fl a. .
PuKK-Live Ho 3 V4@3%0 «( Ib for large and
s*4(i»33fcc for small ana medium; dressed do, 4%
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOOTLS.
Floor, or. sks.... 3.B so| Butter, ctls. 282
Wheat. ctU 5,040 Cheese. ctl»... . 11
Barlej.cUs. 6,665 Eggs, dor '."'. 10,110
Beans, ska. 137 Hides, no. 611 j
Oats 1,505 felts, bdls. ' 60 1
Oregon. 375 Wool, bis - 80 !
Corn, ctls. 2401 Wine. gals. 29,500
Rye, ctls 265 Brandy, ga15..... 2,460
Potatoes, 5ka..... 4,575 Tallow, cu5. .....' 32
Onions, 5k5....... 316 Leather, r0115.... < 20
Middiings.sks... 406 Lumber, M few.. 10 '
Bran, sks 605 Lime, bbla. 240
Hay, tons X.IIOI
♦ . "'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Andrew B. McCreeryto Joseph Jacquemet, lot
on W line of Baker street, 87:6 s of Golden Gate
avenne, 825 by W 121:10V 2 : also lot on 8E cor- I
ncr of Lyon street and Golden Gate avenue, S 25 I
by E 100; $4926.
Maggie P. I heeseman to Albert J. Raisch, lot on I
N line of Fell street, 106:3 E of Lou, E 26 by N
137:b; flO.
Bernard and Elizabeth J. Conwav to Thomas
Gaitiford, lot on N W line of Minna street, 215 SW
of Eleventh, s\v 25 by NW 80; 810
Thomas Sullivan to Johanna Sullivan, lot on W
line of Natoma street, 130 8 of Fourteenth, 526
by W 80: also lot on SW line of Harriet street,
175 SE of Howard. SE 25 by SW 76: eift-
Wllhelmine E. J. Woods to Joseph U Woods,
lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 203:7 W of
Church, W 60:11 by 8 114; ?5.
ThaddeusE. and Annie J. Grimes to Hugh M. <
Cochran, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth and
Eureka streets. S 25 by W 80; $10.
Same to J. Fred Roehm, lot on S line of Nine
teenth street, 80 W of Eureka, W 20 by 875: $10.
I- Guiliemet to Adolphtne Guillemet, lot 26
front by 75 deep on Clay street, Nos. 931 and
933, and a three-story house, on S line of Clay, 86 :2
E or Powell, E 26:2 by s> 75: gift.
Arthur and Annie M. Mullan to James Mullan,
lot on sE line De Boom street, 177 NE of Second,
MB 23 by SE 80: $10.
Ann E. Ponlitn to Aurellns E. Buckingham, lot
on W line Russ, 180 N of Folsom, N 20 oy W 100;
$5000.
E. T. Russell to Thomas M. Quackenbush, lot on
W line of *evemb avenue, 50 S of 1 street, 525
by W 112:6; $10.
ALAITKDA COUNTY.
Pbl'.ip D. Sherman to Aunie Sherman, lot on W
line of West street, 50 N of Twenty-first, W 100
by N 85, being tbe S/V2 of lot 9, block J, Curtis <fc
Williams Tract, Oakland; gift.
J. C and Sophie Siegfried to John L. Howard,
lot on SE corner of Telegraph and Moss avenues
E 1020.67. S 622.40. W 1020, N 713.50 to begin
nlrnr. bein:; a poriion of the Moss Tract; also lot on
wE corner of Telegraph and Moss avenues, E
1020.67, N 10, W 1020.67, S 10 to beginning, Oak
land Township; $ .
Emma H. Hose to William J. Dingee, beginning
at a posi < v SW side of road in dividing line be
twc.'n rancho V. and I). P. ralta and A. M. Peralta,
when roads from Oakland aud from East Oakland I
to Moraga Valley meet ami turn NE, thence »W
838. HW 326, SW 296, SE 326. thence SW 1116 I
s\V 2tJ4. SW 237:60, SW 2168. B 3289 to begin- '
nlng, being portion of Tract A. of plat 29, rancho
V. and D. Peralta: also lots 7, 8 and 9, Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township; $5.
Maggie U. wife of .1. E. McDonald to August
K. F. Brandes, lot 8, block 4, Case Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Maria 1. Vulerga to Emlle Crnyl, lot 3. block H,
Ne w bury- Tract , Berkeley ; $350.
Sarah A. Hawkins aud Henry W. Taylor (by
commissioner) to Heury W. Tavlor, lot on X line
of w, st or Sherman street. 209 N of Cedar, N 100
by E 136, being lois T and s, block 6, Graves and
Taylor Tract, Berkeley ; $677.
A. L. and Sarah Toffelmier to Jose F. Dutra, lot
on S line of Castro street, 300 W of Clarke, W 200
by S 160, belug lot -0 and E third or lot 19,
Hem me Tract. Han Leandro, Eden Township;
grant,
John M. Tngalls to E. H. Dyer, lot beginning at
a point 130 X from E of W.-st street on North
Thirty-ninth, E l»3:8by H 100, being a portion of
Quint Tract. Oakland Township; also loi on W
line of Market street, 101 N of Tweuty-second, N
50 by W I*s; also lot on S Hue of Nineteenth
street, 228 W of Adeline, W 30 by S 111, being lot
30, SurryhneTrac;, Oakland; $3000.
William J. Feld Jr. and M»ry K. Feld to I.oren
H. Mershon. lot on SK corner Bay and William
Streets, E ISI :2«/4, S 145:11, W 157:10 15-16, X
110, to beginning, being lots 11 to 16, block 46,
Map of Lands Oakland Point Ferry Landing, Oak
land; $10.
William A. and Mary F. Chllds »o Henry Ole
hilds, undivided Vb interest in lot on SW corner of
Fourteenth and Jefferson streets, W 99 by 8 40,
block 187, Oakland: $20.
Jeremiah Casey to Annie M. Casey and Elizabeth
Hixclns (undivided 2-6 each) and Thomas Cuney
(undivided 1-5 j. lot on SK cori.i-rof seventh and!
Madison streets, ■ 100 by S 25, being lot 8 atid N
26 feet;iot 9, block 127, Oakland; gift.
Charles M. i'.ose to George M. Law ton. lot 9,
block R, Paradise Park Tract, Oakland Township;
H. C. Morris to Mary Cutler, lot on S line of 1
Mountain View avenue. 100 Eof Peach street, E I
100 by S 160, being lots 44 and 45, block 34,!
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Sarah E. KOas 10 Martha C. Vose (wife of R. C.j, '.
1 acre beglnuing at a stone monument set at NW !
corner of lands of Hathaway, thence NW 158Vs ;
links, NE 6 23 chains, SE 159 Vj links, SW 6.5 i '
chains to beginning, Eden Township: $10.
J. D. Smith et al. (by commissioner) to Nettle
Sutherland, undivided lialf-i merest In lot 44 and
containing 40 acres, map of Oakland Laud and
improvement Company's subdivision of Santaßita
rancho. Murray Township; $1413.
H. P. and Etta R. Chadbourne to same (wife of
James), lot on W line of Oakland avenue at NE
corner of lot 52, N W 1859.76, SK 726, S W 300.30,
SK 1123.32, SE 637.43, NE 1890.60, NW 2628 52
to beginning, being lot 52, less 2.60 acres off 8
side thereof, same map, Murray Township: $10.
John and Aurella M. Keagan to Theresa A.
Gorham wife of William J. Gorham, lot on the E
line of Benten street, 103.05 >i of Buena Vista
avenue, N 50, E 125.29, a 60, W 126.24 to begin
ning, being lots 27 and 28, block D, Fitch Tract,
Alameda; $10.
William J. Gorham to same, lots 3 and 4, 27 and
28, olock D, Fitch Tract, Alameda. gift.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Compared with Saturday's best prices the mar
ket was weaker yesterday, the leading stocks
showing a decline of 5c to 15c with light trading.
The close was w.eak and dull.
The Chollar assessment falls delinquent in office
to-day aud the Silver King delinquent sale takes
place also.
Additional reports from the Comstocks are as
follows:
In the Union Con. mine, on tbe 900 level, the
east crosscut from the south drift started at a point
60 feet south from the upraise 115 feet vertically
above the sill floor of ibis level, has been extended
during the week 16 feet, total length 31 feet; face
in porphyry. East crosscut 8. started from the
north lateral drift at a point 76 feet north from
east crosscut 7, was advanced 20 feet, total length
57 feet; face in clay and quartz, the latter giving
low assays.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 1 from the south drift from the shaft station
and 70 feet north of the south boundary line, is in
434 feet The face is in porphyry carrying seams
of clay »nd line* of quartz. West crosscut 1 from
the north drift from the station, which crosscut is
230 feet north of the south boundary of the Mexi
can mine, is in 576 feet The face Is in . bard por
pnyry carrying clay seams. : Small streaks of low
grade quartz continue to be cut In : the old Central \
tunnel workings oi the Opblr. * • "••>
Brunswick Lode Work— Con. Cal. & Va., Best
<k Belcher and Gould & Curry (Brunswick lode),
shaft No. This shaft was sunk 8 feet on the In
cline, total depth 274 feet;" bottom In hard por
phyry. 150 level— During the early part of the
month work was resumed in the south drift. This
drift was run from the west crosscut which was run
from the main south drift; at the time of Its dis- ,
continuation it was extended 85 feet: during the I
past week we have advanced it a further distance
of; 10 feet, passing through hard - porphyry ■ and
stringers of quartz: total length 95 feet. •■...■". l,
Gould & Cubby (Brunswick lode)— The main |
tunnel has been extended 15 feet, passing through
porphyry and stringers of quartz: total length 829
feet. , The west crosscut -5, started in this tunnel I
at a point 800 feet from the mouth, has been ex
tended 14 feet, passing through hard porphyry
and quartz; total length 40 feet.
Chollab (Brunswick lode)— Shaft 1 was sunk j
.13 feet on the Incline, passing through porphyry, ]
clay and quartz, and is down 505 feet. 200 level—
The south drift on this level has been driven 26
feet for the week and is now In 182 feet, skirting
the footwail. A west crosscut from It. opposite 1
east crosscut, will be started to-day to locate . the
footwall at this point. 300 level— Chollar
Company took the joint south drift at the Hale
& Norcross south line, 144 feet from the shaft sta
tion, and we have continued it 28 feet; total
length 172 feet south of shaft 1. When
In 141 feet from the shaft a streak of !
quartz 18 - inches wide came gradually '
into the drift from ; the east, assaying ■
from $5 to $75 per ton, of which valuation not
quite one-half was gold. We have followed that
streak from that point to the face, where it has
turned off to the east again, so that only its west
edge is exposed on the east side of the drift, sam
ples' from It have ranged from 9 1 3 to $90 per ton
since leaving, the line, and this morning tin assay
taken from the west face of the streak went Z204,
of which, $100 was gold. The drift is following
what Is supposed to be the footwall, but which can
only positively be determined after crosscutting.
Work will be suspended In shaft I to permit time
for putting guides in the incline, new giraffes with
devices and other necessary repairs and Improve
ments. ■ -
lidAi.li >ALKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
REGULAR MORXIXn fiRHITO 1 * muVKVCTfa 9:11
200 A1pha... .15 200 C0nn.... 1.10 200 0vrmn....20
800 Andes.. ...31 150 C P0int... 48 Potosl. 1 15
100 .32 300 G dkC 88 300 .........1.10
300 BAB 71400 -....87 300 5ava«.....74
200 Bodie 42 700 HAN. .1.25 400 ....... .....73
200 8u11i0n. ..2(1 200 Kentuck..O:- 100 Sen 8eL..13
60 ChallDK...36|."Uo 51xcn.....61 300 S Ny 61
700 Ch011r.. 2.601300 Occldtl_..9B .'OO ......60
100 .;. ;.... .2.56200 0phir...1.10 200 Union 49
750 -..2.50 100 1.05 300 V Jackt...43
300CC.5V..1.801 J
. I AFTKKN-OON- SESSION — 3: W.
100 Alpha.-.. 13 250 CC*V... 1.80] 300 0ccia...'..93
400 Ande5.. ..34 20 G Cr55. 27.00 400 P0t051..1.15
300 Blchr 40200 G&C. 82! 50 Say 72
100 B 4 8....71 50 H&N...1.30i200 Nev....60
100 Bodle 43 100 Mono 20100 Union ...48
JtOO 8u11i0n.. .20 400 N G & C..05 500 47
100 Caleda....ll 100 0ccidt1....92 200 YJaCJtat..43
200 Ca0ur....2.45 |
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
'. . BKonuß mmmtok— vi: ti
400 Aloha.-.. 15 150 Conn.... 1.05 500 0vrmn....20.
300 Alia. 11 200 Con 1m....02200 ......19
200 Ande5... .33 300 Crwn 1H...48 200 Potosl... 1.25
300 Belcner...4 5 400 Exchqr....ot>'3oo -1.22%
200 46,200 O<tC 94*400 1.20
400 ...:... -....40 200 85 600 1.17%
200B&JU. 76300 84 400 1.15
200 71200 83900 IV.
600 .- 70 400 81 1200 1.10
600 Bullion... H&N... 1.40 200 Savg 81
200 Caleda.... 1.35 200 ....- 80
450 Ch11nge... 34 900 -1.251200 77
200 Choir... 400 .......1.275/2 600 ...» 73
160 ......2.67% 200 1.32 y 2 400 Scorplon..o6
300 2.66 200 JuUa 10.600 8 HA M...13
200 ....2.65|40»l Mexn 62 100 9 Nt 63
300 ..........2.60 VIOO" t V0n0.....18 300 69
800 ..:.... 2.45 200 v cd 95 400 Union C...49
100 ...... 2.42% 200 94i3U0 U'-an 11
400 .. ..2.4u 300 0ph1r... 1.10 400 V JaoK«C-4l
450 CCV....L 801600 ...... .1.07%l
AFTERNOON SKSSIOV— 2: 3!J.
200 Aloha 15 ISO Ch01r2.47%300 0ph1r1.07%
200 Ande5.... 33 400 .........2.5&200 . .1.10
300...... 3h 100 .........2.60 200 Potost..l.]o
300 Belcher ..40 50 C0nU.1.02%2(H) .. 1.15
200 BAR. 71 300 C Polnt_..4&| 50 -.1%
100 Bodie 43 400 O&C .81 200 ...'..'.. 1.17
300 8u11i0n... 20400 83 300 Save. .74
200 .:. 21200 H&JN... 1.30 400 Scorplon-05
100 Bulwer...,2S'lOO Justice.. ..o6 2oo S Ny 60
200 Caleda.. .. 12 200 Mex.. 6. 1200 Union... 49
200 Cha11ge... 34200 62 300 Utah il
150CCV.1.77%U00Occd 92 30UYJckt-..41
250 ..— 1.801400 Overman. 2o
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, • MONDAY, July 13-4 r. m.
£id.Atked.\
Alpha Con. ... 12 13 £id.Asked.
Aita. :. 10 11 Julia .; 09 10
Andes. .-.:. 34 35 Justice. 03 05
8e1cher...;:..-.*. 39 41 Kentuck. .. 02 03
Best & Belcher 70 71 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican 62 63
Bodie 42 —Mono 18 . —
Bullion '20 31 - Nevada Queen. 02 —
Bnlwer. ...,' 27; —Occidental..... 92-94
Caledonia....... 10 11, Ophir. 1.05 1.10
Chollar 2.55 2.60 Overman- 19 20
Con.Cal£Va...l.Bo 1.85 Potosl 1.15 1.20
Challenge Con.' 33 34 Savage. 73 75
Con. Imperial. 01 02 Scorpion 05' 06
Confidence 1.00 1.05 Seg. Belcher... 12 13
Con New York 04 —Syndicate ... — 03
Crown Point... 46 48 silver Hi 11.... 02 03
EastSlerraNev — 1)5 sierra Nevada. 69 . 60
Exchequer .... 06 07 Union Con 48 50
Gould Curry: 83 84 Utah ....;..... 11 12
Hate <&Norcn. 1.30 1.35 Yellow Jacket. 42 44
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 18-2 p. ic.
- ■> --, UNITED STATES BONUS. '
Hid. Asked. Sid. Asked.
U 4s c00p. .108% - UB 4s reg...10»7/ S —
Do new i55ue116%U7%
MISCELLANEOUS BO7MM.
Cal-stCbless. 109% — Pacßoll MSs. — —
CalElecL6sll7% - Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWSs — 94 I 1 *<) Ky 65.105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp'9N 100 P*Ch Ry6s. — 107
EdsnL*P6sl2l% — Pwl-st RRtts. — 116%
F&CHHR6S.IOS — Reno, WlxtL — ; 105
Geary-slßss. 105 — Sacto P& L. — 102%
LosAugLtfs. — 99 < ,sk*.NPR5s. 98 98%
Do teed — 100%'SI'RUArlzes 93 95
MWt-stCb!e6sl2oV4 — SPRIU al 85.1081, i —
D0RyC0n65..105%106 SPRRCaI 6s. — —
NatVin6slst 96 — SPBrRCaI6s.' — 99»/i
NevCNgß7s. 105 SVWater6s..ll9S / i _
NPCRR6S.IOI 106 SVWater4s.. 99 99%
NRy Cal Bs. — IU6 StktnGAE6s — 100
NRy Cal 6s. — 100 SunstT<tT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55. .100 104%Sutier-stßss.lo9%Uo
Uo2d Is 55.. 10484 105 VisaliaWCßS — —
Omnibus os. 118% — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 . 89 iSanJose -— , —
Marin C 0.... 60 — |SprngValley 98^4 98%
GAS STOCKS.
Capital..;.... — 29 Pacific Liehf47% 48
Central 95 — San Francsco 93% 91
OakGL&U 52 63 Stockton..... — 21%
PacOaslmp. 8614 86%
i ', J - '. '. INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — jSun as BO
. . COMKKRCIAX BANK STOCKS. . .
Amerß&TC. — ' — LondonP.tA.l2B 129
Anglo-Cal... 61% — London<feSF. — 27%
Bank of Cat.. — 239 Meich Ex... IS- —
CaISD&TCo — 65% Nevada — —
FirstNationL — 187% |Sather Co. — —
Grangers.... . — — | ,
'•.**•_ .■.»:-• SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
RerBALCo.l33o 1870 Say A Loan.. — ' 100
lfutnhSttL.lloo 1450 Security-.... 250 300
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 750 —
8 v Union — 490
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 - Oak KLAiiay — ' 100
Geary-5t...... '— '65 Presidio :.... 7 • 9
Market-8U... 42% — . Sutter-5t..... — —
tOWDEB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — 'Giant Con — 241,4
Eastern D... 76 — JudsonD.... — —
California,... 70 96 IVlgorit. — 90c
I -' « '■; ■ ;' . XrSCELLAKXOtTS STOCKS. ' ■
Alaska Pkrs. — 95 NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 241 A
Cal rot Mills — — PacAuxFA 1 —
Cal'Dry Dock."— — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Light — 120 Pac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Ass 11. — — Part PalntCo 6% 7%
Or- Lead Co. 85 — PacTra usCo. . — 24
n * WC&S.CO.. 188/, 1 8% Pac T&T Co. .75 100
Hutch SPCo 4 - 21 |SunsetT<tT. 41 —
MerF.xAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
1! Klec Light — t: 4-%! . .. ■ : : ■ .',-
BALES— UOB.SISa . BSSSIOSr.
Board— . . .
40 S V Water....... 98 50
- 16 Edison Light 4 Power Co ■ 120 00
• 10 Pacific Lighting 47 60
Street— :. • '.' . - . .
$4000 8 V 6% Bonds ........;... 120 00
. " •; ; ' : , BALKS — AFTERNOON SESSION;
Board — ..''
!60 SVWatet.-...........;......:...... 98 37%
10 S V Water... ......................... 98 60
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
Mrs P E Black, Ariz E Hale & w, San Diego
L D Bears, NY AC Weber, Seattle
F 1) Moody, Stockton H Howard <fe w, S Diego
8 T Young-, Sacramento A Crutcher. N San Juan
)) G Lane, San Jose A M Fee, Los Angeles
M J Demiiig, Chicago J Bryant &w, Monterey
J L Borger, San Jose C Moorehead. Marysville
B C Parker, Sonora C Lawrence, Nevada City
U W Hill, Los Angeles D Loeb, Petaluma
H Higgins<t w, Woodld Q \V Brtag* Sonora
c l> Mannon, Boston Geo R May, San Jose
D S Miller, Shllnas . T C Gome, Sonora
E Andrews &w, Sacto F A Schneider. Cal
H J Ostrander, Merced Jas Kennle, St Helena
J M Mannou, Uklah G W Call, Fort Ross
W H Wilbur, Cal J A Kemp, Junean
T 8 Rogers, Cal J j Donovan, Portland
Jas O'Reilly, Bakersfield H A Matthews, Cal
M Simon <k w, Hanford T £ Hughes &w, Fresno
A L Bartlett. Cal B Smith & w, Boulder Cr
J H Howell, Merced E P Colgan, Sacramento
G W schmttt, 8t Helena Mrs Fox, Sacramento
R 0 Terry, Clayton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F D Kaines.U S S Oregon J V xeavlch, San Jose
F Poulsen, Sacramento C J De Roo, Benicia
W H Ha 1, U s N s D Knapp, Los Angeles
G J Campbell Jr, Vallejo H B Prlngle, San Rafael
Miss E Adair, NY F R Devlin. Vailejo
C M Robinson, N V Miss Robinson, N V
J Miller, Kansas T Duncan, San Deigo
D T Mitchell. N V Captain T O'Nell.London
ft Dillon, Seattle, F Kodgers, Willows
F Barney, Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
RT Devlin, Sacto Q W Mullen, Fort Bragg
L Rackllffe, Sacto J Morrow, Fort Bragg.
W McGowan, Ft Bragg J F Carrigan. MendocinO
J Ketcbum, Fort Bragg J L Harrison, San Jose
J Flannignn, Mendocino Mrs M A Harrison, S Jose
J M Anderson, San Jose J H Grigsby, Willows
D Lippitt. Benicia D Stirling, Salinas
B Morse, Riverside T J Woods. Sacto
A C Eisner, California R E Woods, Sacto
J P Oberdorffer, Seattle W Garrurd, Angels
F O Adams, Fresno TM Lane, Angels
W U Tries, California A J Weatherhead, Ohio
Miss H Downing. Cal Mrs Weatherhead, Ohio
J A Sawyer, Vlsalia J M McCarthy, Riverside
C McCracken, Portland J Barron, Los Angeles
E Stewart & w, Portland D Cntienden, JN V
D Cory, Victoria H A Burton, Napa
H Buckingham, Cal H A Preston. Jamestown
X G Hopkins, Salinas A C Rosendale Cal
M Owens. Fulton Mrs W C .Note ware, Nev
C C Swinford. st Helena C H McCann, sta Cruz
C McMulleu, Candelaria Mrs H L Swain, Oakland
S Potter. Martinez W A Spencer, Oakland
C J Cox <fc fm, Cal C O'Connor, Oakland
T W FhelpssLos Angeles H H McClanlhan, Gait
Mrs W T Kitt. Tucson T Scott, Sacramento
W X Kitt, Tucson W A Muller, Alameda
A A Adams. New York C C Castle, Stockton
W C Brumfieid, cal Mrs B Rhodes, Montreal
D W Bees, Montreal
— PALACE HOTEL.
J Perkins, NY M Griffith, MarysvlUe
J W Young, Salt Lake D T Davies, Washington
W T Bishop Jr, L Ang J A Muir, L Ang
X R Monk, Arizona T S Lowe, lowa
P >kipwith.Mfss A RoseDtbal, L Ang
C H Post, N V G W Wenslty, N V'
J Drew. NY H C Knmlit. N V
W H Knight, N V Mr & Mrs Lidford, N V
G A Lidford. N V H Vischer, Bengal
W G Barrett, Ireland Mrs E H Scripps.S Diego
Mrs T X Scripps, S Diego J Mearns<fe w, > hicago
X H Herron, L^ng M Itosenshelni, N V
G R Wolfe, San Jose W C Warren, N V
M Rosenheim, NY G E Goodman, Napa
N P Chipman, Red Bluff J B Dale. N V
J X Overton, NY A R Whitney Jr.Everett
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
B Wineee, Santa Rosa C McCarthy, Selma
R Abell, Selma J H Hill & wf, Selma
Miss C Peck, Portland Miss L Young, Portland
Mrs Welch <fe f, Fresno R T Schofield, Cal
F Miller <fe w, Sacto J B McCloskey, Ireland
J F Davis, Los Angeles P A McEwen, Riverside
A J Lawther, Angel Id W McDonald, Riverside
J B Bacon, Sonora W Hiatt, Sonora
J Watson, Cal X T Ohba, Mexico
X Toyama, Mexico X Aramaki, Mexico
D Kojima, Mexico A W Judd, Chicago
J Yo ng, Benicia J O'Donnell, Stockton
CO Brown, Fresno Mrs Mossford & lam, Cal
H Stern & fam, Sacto V Yat.suno, Japan
X Otsuka, Japan J O'Connor, N V
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jcly. 1896. j
Su. Mo. Tu. _W. Th. 2^-i^a. Moon Phases
r : ?."';! 1 2 s * /T^l^ist Quarter.
: v^ July 2 .
6 « 7 8 9 10 11 — ; ~
__ jfft ' New Moon.
12 IS 14 15 16 17 18 1^ • July 10 -
-- —
' ! r^t\ First Quarter
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 vj; July 17.
Jl
|2«| 27
28 29 30 31
/<» Fnll Moon. 1
July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS
»t*>« of Penirture From S»n Francinco.
TKAMKH lIiKSTIXATION'. | SATLI. I PIER.
STKAMKB
| DEBTIXATIOX. |
Sat r, *.
D«l «orte .. Urays HarDOr Julyl4, 4pm ~Pier'2B
Weeott Kel Kiver Julyl4, bpv I'iorl.f
Truckee loot Bay July 14. sr« Oceanic
EnraKa .... NawoOß Julyl4, Vau Pier U
Bunol Grays Harbor. Ju1y14.12 » Pier '2
Santa Rosa j ban Diezo.. . . ! July 16. 11am i Pier 11
Araso i:oo« uar j July 18. 10a m ! Her 13
Pomona. ilumboldtß»v JulylS. -jrit Pier:'
Columbia... Portland I July 17.10 am ; Pier 24
Jarauoa... \ aouln* Bar.. Julvl7, Paii i'ier 2
»t Paul N«wn«n JoiylS. 9am Pier 11
CltyPnebla- V'lc * P«t Bnn July 18. 9am ■ PJer 9
Newport.... |Central Amer.|Julylß,ia ll S W4
Arcata Coos Bay July'JO
Corona San lilego Jul.v2o.llam Pierll
Colombia... Panama JulvM.l2 mP MSS
ABlanchara Orecon oons.. !July2l. spm Pier 13
Doric... t'hina.tJatian. Julv2J. 3pm ' P M S S
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
rrucke«.. ....... 'Coos Bay July 14
BaniattoM. i<u .otetro.. ..July 14
City of i'ueDla.. Victoria &. I'uitec Sound ..July 14
Arac0. .......... Coos 8ay........ .; ..July 14
Corona Ilumboldt Bay July 15
StFaal Newport. ....... ..July 16
Farallon Yaonlna Bay ... ..July IB
Arcata Portland . ..July 16
C010mbia........ Panama .........:. July 16
Cleone Crescent City July 16
City of Everett .Vauaimo July 17
Mexico San Diego July 18
City of Sydney. ' Panama .- July 18
Crescent city. . . crescent ucr. July 18
Progressist Departure Bay ...... July 18
Weeott .. liei Kiver ;. July 19
BtateorCal Portland July 19
Alice Blancnard Oregon ports July 19
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria* Pncet »ouna ..July 19
P0m0na......... Hnmooiai m? ...... ..JulylO
Nona forte... Humboidt Bay. .July 20
.'hlna ........... China and Japan. ..July2U
Kureica „.. j Newport. J uly JO
Empire Portland. ...:.'.. .-• ..July 21
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
■ r. *• Coast aito Gkodittto SnßvitT Tins")
BCT.LKTIN- PCBLISHKD BT OFFICIAL >-
AUTHORITY OF THE SCFKRINTRNDKN"r. )
Tuesdny, July 14.
Sunrises ............ 4.581 -Moon rises
Sunsets 7.33'M00n sets 9.siru
I 1 Time I Feet Time! Feet Time Feet Time F<Jet
BH W| Jt. W'l *H W L i W
F3 0.1:6 578 7.aa —a 7 2.34 6.2 7.:-,s\ aTS
14 11.24 5 4 8.07—0.2 3.07 5.2 8.36 2.2
IB 2.26 4.9 855 0.4 3.46 5.4 9.46 1.8
16 8.44 4.3 9.8S 1.1 4.22 3. 6 10.46 1.3
17 6.12 4.1 10.24 1.7 6.07 6.7...
L W H \V . L W , H \V .
18 0.01 0.8 6.48 4.0 11.18 2.4 6.56 5.8
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th* United States Coaat Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractiv*
from the depth given by therbarin.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Htdeosraphic Officr, U. & N., ■»
Merchants' Kxchanok. V
San Francisco. Juiv 13. 1898. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. it, Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtilbh,
Llentenant V. s. N. in ■ h'irge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
San Francisco Entrance— California.
Notice Is hereby given that the Mile Rock belt
buoy, painted red and black horizontal stripes, is
In good working order. This is ow a bell buoy
only Instead of a bell attached to ft first-class can
buoy as formerly. Its position l.s unchanged.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
Frank Courtis, Commander U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Licht house District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
MONDAY. July 13.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson. 15 hours from Whltes
boro; wood and r r ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
, Stmr Alcat-az, Walvlg, 60 hours from Yaqulna
Bay stave bolts, stone, etc 10 Meyer & Akinaiin.
Stmr Columbia, Bolies. 47% hours fm Portland,
via Astoria 383/4 hours: produce, to O R & N Co.
Schr J G Wall; Gallup, 2 days from Eureka;
lumber and shingles, to Chas Nelson. .
- Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson. 14 hours from
H earns Landing; 90 eds wood, to Bender Bros
1 Schr Peerless,- Johnson,' 11 days from Tacoma:
lumber, to Hanson & Co. .
Cleared. .
MONDAY, July 13.
■ Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro: GoodalL Per
kins Co. . . .'- . >
Stmr . North ' Fork." Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. ■ ■ - ' • ■.. ■■ .;-■ -- ■ .
Nic brie Salvador, Hobbs, Portland; \V Fresse &
Co.
Sailed.
■ . MONDAY, July 13.
I Stmr Whitestioro. Johnson.
. - Stmr Umatilla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send. I'liliiß fliii'illil'lllHHiltllii " ilWiiHli'illWiiliLijiimyjl
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
' Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Stmr Ceo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Bchr OtUllie Fjord, Segethorst, Grays Harbor.
Schr James A Uarfield, Palmgren. Wiliapa Har
bor. ■;■ -- : --- .-■...-.-■.■■....:. ■• ... ■
Schr Newark. Beck. Bo wens Landing.
Schr Amethyst, Soiland, Waldport.
• • . Xeleijraphlo.
POINT LOBOS. July 13-10 p. v. — Weather
hazy . wind W; velocity.- 16 miles.
■ . \ " - Charter*.
' • The schr Robert Lowers loads wheat for Mary
borough. Australia; bktn Irmgard, mdse for Hono
lulu; Chil bark Klisa, lumber on. the Sound for
Antofogasta. prior to arrival. 355; Nic bark Wrest
ter, lumber at British Columbia for Melbourne.
- The ttr ship Afghanistan was chartered prior to
arrival tor wheat t-- Europe, . August loading— 27s.
The .Br ship Celtic . Monarch is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 2&s— Is 3d less direct. •
"poK«n. •
• July 9-Lat 41 20 N, long 60 05 W, bark Edward
May, from New York, for Honolulu.
' -. Domes tic Tort*.
YAQUINA BAY— SaUed July 13— Stmr Faral
lon. for San Francisco.
art. S L O n R ee A Julv7 rlVe<iJaly 13 ~ Slm *"«»«<*.
pmelfo/^nFra-nS.^ 1 * >"* SChr Enter
vLp arals t ArriVed July 13 - ship India, *™
hencVj^i^ia AXZI^ V6d JU!7 l3 stmr National City
Pedro?* Jmy IS - Schr 6erena Thayer, for San
PORT BLAKELEY— ArrlvedJuly 13-Schr Al
calde, heuce Jane 27. j
EUBEKA- Arrived July 13— Stmir Corona, hno
SEATTLE— SaUed July B— Stmr Portland, for St
Michaels. _
N KHALEM— Arrived July B— Schr Free Trade,
hence June 18. _ .
Off bar on July 9— Schr Free Trade, hence June
4, expected to tow In on the 9th.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 12-Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
MOODYVILLE— To sail July 14— Bktn Quick
step, for Shanghai; ship Benj F Sewell, for tohang
"iSLE OF WlGHT— Passed July 10— Br ship La
morns, hence Feb 16. for Hull.
LONDON— Arrived July 11— Br bark Strathdon,
hence Mar 11. _ . . _ .
WEST PORT— Arrived July 9-.Fr bark Duchesae
hence Feb 29. _ _,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 10-Br stmr Olym
pia. irom Tacoma. •
Sailed July 11— Br stmr Empress of India, for
l/UND "is LAND- Passed July 10— Br ship Star
of Italy, trom Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
MAURITIUS— SaiIed June.7—Br bark Blrdstoo,
for Portland.
Movements of Tran«- *.tl*ntlo St-"»i»»ri.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 13-Stmr Manitoba,
from London: stmr Olvenum, from Lisbon.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out July IS— Stmr
Fulda.
CHERBOURG— SaUed July 13-Stmr Aller, for
New York. , 
ANTWERP— SaiIed July 11-Stinr Noordland,
fo New York.
LlZARD— Passed July 13— Stmr Veendam, frm
New York, for .Rotterdam.
Importation*.
YAQUINA BAY— Per Alcatraz— 26s tons stone,
23 eds stavebolts.
PORTLAND-PerColnmbla-1028 gunnies flour,
2004 sks flour, 1233 sks bran, 24f> sks oats. 485
sics shorts, 800 sks bran and shorts, 11 sks bark,
578 hides, 119 sks wool, 1 car shooks, 1022 pjcqs
paper, 18S pkgs school furniture, 900 bis twine,
119 dcs water pipe. „■.«,».
Astoria— 2* bales hops. 190 sks oysters, 618 bzt
tin plate.
Con*! srneiM.
Per Alcatraz— J B McGilvray; McPheeACo;
Pacific W Co.
Per Columbia— Otis. McAllister* Co: Standard
Biscuit Co; C F Weoer; Anspacher Bros: James A
Lacy; FHillens*Co; WC Price »fc Co: S Kosh
land; Bisninger & Co: Allen <fe Lewis: JC Bauer*
Co; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; Z Feldruan: A 8
Smith: Darbee& Immel: Morgan Oyster Co; G
Car sen: Wells, Fargo A Co; M E A Wagner; Bal
four. Gnchrie A Co; Foitanv & . l'arknr.
OCEAB STEAMSHIPS: ' ; ; : •' _j
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ "YSTp
HAWAII. SAMOA, §«. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HB by
. AUSTRALIA. V VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MAKII'OiA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, July 23,
at "-' p. m. : ' ' • ■ ■ -.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU Only, Tues-
day, Augusts a: 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line toCOOLGAH DIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. . • 1
- - -J D. SPRECKELS& BROS. C<\, Agents,
11. Montgomery si reet.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San' Francisco.
ASTORIA AIPORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTH 3 INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June 7, July 7, 17 and 27
fciale of California sails. July 2, 12 and 23
From Spear-st.. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 x it
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO.. Oenl. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Airent,
■' 'I '• • ' : - - -•■ ■ ■ tiso. Market s:r»aL
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAMI
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
S*lx>o-t Class 68. 00
Second C1a55 ....65 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS "<tCO..
. General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAM? COMPIII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM
_ Broadway wharf, San - Francisco, as •dlia&*
follows: Tt -
For Mary Island. Lorln*. Wrangol. Jnneaa. KU-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), ac a a. m., July 3, Id,
18, 28 > » . -, IX, -^7. ~r,,- . - - v . ■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C->. Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BeUineham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3. -. 13. 18, 23. 28, and every firm
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. JR. fi-
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wita
Alaska steamers. ■-'■■• ■ .
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlns (Hnta-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it. ju.y 5. 8. 12,
16 30. -l. 2s and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. Kast Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. x.. July
2, i). lv. 14, 18, 22. 28. 30 and every fourth day
thereafter. ' , ,
For San Diem, stopping only at Port Harfort
(Ban Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles, Redondo (Cos Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. July .*>. ». 12. la, 20, 24, 2* and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. L*
Pas, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), atr. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. Jit y 3ana2&la<>f eic:i mouth there aftee
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. .
UOODALX, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COMPAGJIE GENERAL TBASSATLUni(OB
Frencri Linn to Havre. "
/-IOMPANY'S PIER (NE W),42. NORTH ■ m m
\J River, foot of Morton .it. Travelers by isSSSt
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*
nrst-ciass*l6O: second-class, lilt
I.A TOURAINE. CapU SantelU.. . .May Jig. it
LA NORMANDIK ;.. ......Mav '& tt i?
LA GASCOGNE ..." Jd c "a. 7 t ti
LA NOK'I.vNIUK....^ ...July* 6 I »2
LA GA&OOGNE .....I. July 25 11 1 J
LA NORMANDIE Alieust 1 5 2. it
LA ROURGOfJNE. Capt. Leboiuf. June 6 7 Z *
tor For farther carttcalars apply to
■„,., „-„. A. FORGE Agent,
* v irrraATT > --n in - Gre en, New York.
< 4nn;.jgFg j c?.c^ **»"» » Montzom,,
ROYAL MAIL STEAfijACKET CO3IPAST.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >&*?•_
fortnightly for the West Indies and -»^£3
Southampton, calling ". en route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and tree*.
lire to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, ¥195: thirl
•lass, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
/ KAKRQTT & CO., Agents,
J - ' _^^^^^ 306 California aw
WHITE STAR LOR.
United States and Royal Hall Stsaman
1, '- ' ;■■•■■■'. BKTWKKN
Now^ r i I L'i§U e n^ i h!^ rPOOI -
CABIN,S6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _ mjJ .
Ing to steamer and accommodations «SBl
2SI 4?otl t H er 2 ge J lck * ts t™ 0 * Kngland, Ire-
tKSn^h m * n<t V Bweden ' Norw »y and D«nmarlc
ttrough to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■*Uing dates and cabin plans may be proenred
ftS^w^"r^ AV ? J- Pacific Mail Dock, or at tb»
•»*?^i.2 m i c " f ta « Company, 613 Market street
UOO« Ottfld Hotel. •■.-... a. W. FLETCHER,
; •■• . General Agent ior Paciflo Coast.
•SS&OJS; HAIBUBfI-AIERICAI USE
BP^SBSo TVVIN-sl EXPHESd
gx !=aßfc^** > tM*' Line from New York to ; -
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris ds iiamburaf.
F. Bismarck July 2 3 | a. Vic.oria...AugU3t 13
Normannia Aucust B I F. Birmarok. Angus: 20
I. Cab., $100 and upward; 11. CaD., $60 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 41.0 h.. free of charzat
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6^ c.
For passage apply ll»mbuk<;-Amkricax' Lixe,
87 Broadway, N. \., or to KAHN A HERZOo!
Agents, 401 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
STEAMER ALYISO, —
For Alvlao, San Jose, leaves Pier 1 dally at 10 A. if.
(Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at 7 P. m. (Sat
unlays exeepted). - Freight and Passenger Vare
between San Francisco ■ and Alviso, 60c- to Sin
STOCKTON STEAMERS ~
At^ V F fr'^f^ 3 ' Washington St..
At 6 F. M. «*JJy-.3*«*«h« . received up
MO- Accommodation ReserVea'by Telephone.
Telephone Main 805. CaiT W/ In^Trnp^
iAILEJO, fIARE ISLISD, *BESICIA. POIT
COSTA AND CROCKEIT
* Landing, liunio. i, fin a.HIS SLEPT FOB
THREE MONTHS,
The Mysterious Jap Taken
From the Infirmary
to an Asylum.
PROOF AGAINST SHOCKS.
After the First Dose of Elec
tricity It Had No Further
Effect.
ONLY WAKES TO TAKE FOOD
Most Peculiar Case Ever Presented to
the Physicians of Alameda
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 13. J
Luelik Shirano, "The Sleeping Jap." was
taken to Ilkiah to-day from the County
Infirmary.
The case of Shirano is the most remark-
nelik Shlrano, the Sleeping !ap, and th* Only Two Things— a Battery and a
Meal— That Have Proved Sufficient to Wake Him.
EDlatbet has ever come under the notice
of Oakland physicians. The little Jap
has slept continuously, except at meal
times and one other occasion since
March 3.
He was found by a policeman at Twelfth
and Franklin streets and taken to the j
City Prison, where he was charged with j
violating the sleeping-out ordinance. For
six days he lay in a trance at the prison,
and in all that time nothing passed his :
lips. Dr. Mayon had him removed to the I
Receiving Hospital, and after much rous
ine he was induced to eat. He fell asleep
immediately after each meal. Three
times a day he ate like a wolf, but kept his
eyes closed all the time.
The doctors tried the effect of fright on
Shirano one day. He kept his eyes open I
long enough to alluw him to see a big
knife whicn Steward Victory held over !
him. He appeared to look at the weapon,
but he paid no attention to it and cer
tainly was not frightened.
After a few days at tne hospital, the Jap
wu taken to the County Infirmary. He
continued to sleep, and Dr. Clark decided j
to try the effect of an electric battery on I
his patient. He made the necessary con
nections and disturbed the Jap to the tune j
of a few hundred volts.
The effect was more than a surprise, j
The Jap got up, and was kept awake for \
two weeks, during which time he did a :
little work around the grounds.
At the end of the time, the Jap forgot to I
wake up. Electricity was applied, but |
with no effect. It did not even make him i
tremble. After he had slept several days, (
he ate a hearty meal and at once went
into a *leep.
Electriciiy was resorted to, but a current
about stroiu- enough to kill a horse did not
have any effect. For several months the
Jap has slept and eaten and grown fat.
Dr. Clark recently concluded that the \
County Infirmary was not a fit place for \
him, antt he was committed to the Ukiah \
asylum by the court.
For a long time everybody thought that
the Jap was "shamming," but that idea
prevails no longer.
''He is the most remarkable fellow I
have ever met," said the steward to-day.
"I do not know whether he is a lunatic, a
cataleptic, or what he is; but he is the i
most remarkable freak I have ever come !
across. He seemed rational enough the
two weeks he was working around here,
but since then he's been more than 1 can
understand. Thire is something about
him that is not human."
AN ALASKAN OFFICIAL.
XV. Sam Clark of Llvermore Sends Down
a Few Facts
LIVERMORE, Cal., July 13.— W. Bam
Clark of this place, who is Recorder and
Secretary of Sunrise City, Alaska, has
sent the iollowing letter to the Livermore
Herald:
Sunrise City, Alaska, May 17-31, 1890.
Well, the snow is melting off here very rap
idly, and we are having fine weather, only
ab lut every other night ii freezes.
Gold-hunters are ai work along the beach,
and they all find "color" aud some i nieces
worth from 25 cents down. All of the sand
nuts are located by rallied Tulare farmers.
Snow and floating ice brings the gold down
and deposits it on the beacn in the sand and
blaie ami they find from 10 to 15 cents a day
and «" crazy over it. Koine are making from
50 to 75 cents per day. The gold found h worn
and fluKey end is iv many jilures scratched by
harder substances, showlne it has been washed
aionewfiv. The pieces are about the !-ize of
half a .small pea. There is nc quartz to be
; • in tf nts <<n the shore, but lur
i!nr mUiid there is pienty.
Back on the « 'upper River, on the northeast,
arise higher i caks and plateaus thousands of
feet higher than the towering peak near us,
and one upon that vast plateau laud looks
flown when looking on this coast and moun
tain ranges, and gold is found there in places
and looks the same as that found here. The
Yukon region is much the same forrr.ation as
this, while northward from ns across the Arm
and over the Coast Range stretches one vast
glacier moving to the river beyond which has
diggings on it.
At Ladds, on the inlet, part of our party
have gone, and people are going in every di
rection, walking over good and bad ground
aUke, panning here and there on the suriacc,
then crying fraud and Felling out at any price
• "* raiiuuing to civilization.. No fish to speak
of ever pet here, for the tide would leave
them in the mud. Moose are rather scarce,
out a man would be a past-master idiot
to remain twenty-four hours in this
Dooming place, for ttun practice is going
on all the time. You may sit up and
read until midnight, and then it is getting
ready lor the next day's sun. These Fresno
mou are so accustomed to working during all
ttie daylight hours that they just meander
around and make an unreasonable noise and
chop wood and make a boat at all times of the
night.
The air is so clear that an ordinary tone of
voice may be heard half a mile. There is no
oew, and the atmosphere is so clear and trans
parent that a mountain top two and a half
mues away looks to be but a stone's throw and
we can see seventy and eighty miles down the
r . m > and it doesn't seem as iar as the Dublin
hills from home. To-day is the finest day I
have seen this year, but in a day or two it may
be raining softly and slushily. In winter it is
an snow and after January 15 it ia calm and
qmtt. Our second town election is held next
l uesday . lam secretary, one of the five select
men and deputy recorder, but I will not serve
any .onger, as I leave the city in a few days for
ti>c Kiuiiic R.ver. We ere due northwest from
Ban Fruncisco and due west from Juneau.
The trees here grow from thirty to fifty-five
feet, and when the ground thaws' one will fall
against another, then half a dozen more fall
and then thousands of small ones spring up.
Big forest fires are burning ail around where
the vandalism of the greedy miners crop out.
Down south farmers branch out as northern
experts and try to melt hundreds of miles of
snow by burning the trees. It issail here that
gold can be found from the grass roots down.
African, Australian and Californian miners say
it is unlike anything they ever saw before. The
beach is a blueblack sand and formed into the
slate of this country. The tallest mountains
onshore have ledges of slate that stand on
edge and run to the highest peaks, and "color"
may be found any place a person looks.
We have sat still aud profited by others'ex
perience, but now we move for ourselves. The
only fresh game we have had so far is squirrels,
grouse, porcupine (which tastes like a three
months' porker) and mountain sheep. Lumber
is $100 to $120 per thousand, coaloil $3 50
per can, potatoes 3 1^ cents per pound, half
pound canned beef $1, eta The moss on the
ground here is about three feet deep and
always wet. We are all longing for news. One
man came in and said you had a big earth
quake down there. How about it?
W. Sam CLi.SK.
- — ■»
X. Republican Club.
I TEMESCAL, Cal., July 13.— The Italians
of Temescal organized & McKinley Club
yesterday with fifty charter members and
they expect to have 200 before fall. The
■officers are: President, A. Aloisi ; vice-
I president, J. Rebolic; executive committee
j — A. Campomenosi, G. Giacomini, A. Nieri,
■ P. Casseh and S. Nierl.
They adopted the name Italian Republi
i can Club of Temescal. The next meeting
! will be held on Saturday night.
PETE IS DROWNED.
The Quarryman Was Trying to Save
His Mule When It
Occurred.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Pete, an
Italian quarryman whose surname is not
known, is at the bottom of the pond at the
Piedmont quarry. So is his mule and
cart.
Pete was tending a mule team this
morning when the animal backed toward
a deep pool of water. The man attempted
to prevent the stern movement of the
mule, and while doing so was dragged
down into the pond. He was dead belore
assistance could reach him.
President Bates of the quarry company
tried to get the swimming teacher at the
Piedmont Baths to recover the body, but
he was not on hand and the body is yet in
the lake. The pond is not the same one
in which William Leach was drowned last
week.
The deceased was about 35 years of age
and lived at the company's boarding
house near the quarry. Nothing is known
of him.
CANADIAN THISTLES.
They Will Not Be Tolerated on Oak
land Territory.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Chief of
Police Lloyd has issued special instruc
tions to his officers in regard to the
Canadian thistle, which the Penal Code of
California forbids. After quoting the law
in full he says:
"Frequent complaints having reached
this oflice as to the presence of the thistle
above referred to in this city, it becomes
incumbent upon this department to en
force the law. I have notified the public
through the kindneßS of the newspapers'
in publishing the law, and I wish to now
instruct you to eive out orders to the
regular police officers under your control
1 tcf the effect that they are required after
i Monday, July 20, 1896, to make arrests
for all violations of this law. This time is
given to allow all persons, through the
newspapers, to become acquainted with
the law and my purpose to enforce the
same, and that no citizen may plead ig
norance in extenuation of his offence
against the law. You will see that these
instructions are promptly obeyed."
NAMED McKINLEY FIRST.
That Honor Claimed by the Second
■Ward Republican Club.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 13.— At the regu
lar meeting of the Second Ward Republi
can Club next Thursday evening in Milton
Hall, a letter from the Republican stan
dard-bearer, William McKinley, will bo
read in which the writer acknowledges, with
thanks, a set of resolutions, which was
passed by the club naming him for nom
ination at the St. Louis convention.
These resolutions were passed Jast Jan
uary and telegraphed over the country.
It is claimed by the club that they were
the first to be adopted In favor of the suc
cessful candidate. Hon. George 0. Per
kins, Hon. S. G. Hilborn and others have
been asked to be present and speak at the
meeting.
Daltnn'H Comminslon*.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Assessor
Daltou has just paid into the county
treasury the sum of $31,197 40 and retained
|3861 60 as his letal commission. Of this
amount $11,349 20 came from poll taxes;
$5254 70 from road roll taxes; $12,018 86
personal property taxes at $1 18 and
$2574 64 at a $1 53 rate.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
BANKS ASK FOR
REDUCED TAXES,
Assessor Dalton Kept Busy
Before the Board of
Equalization.
VALUE OF FRANCHISES.
The Contra Costa Accountant
Thinks They Should Not
Be Assessed.
DALTON'S OWN ASSESSMENT.
Called In Question by an Ex-Deputy
Assessor, Whose Plea Was
Granted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 13. j
War broke out at the very beginning of
the meeting of the Board of Equalization
thiß afternoon. It occurred over the in
troduction of resolutions asking the As
sessor for a mapbook and assessment
index. The latter was found to be in the
boanlrooms, but he seriously objected to
being forced to make.mapbooks.
Mr. Dalton said he had asked the secre
tary of the State Board of Equalization
for a sample of the book in question. It
was his place to furnish it. The secre
tary had replied that the Tax Collector
was the best man to suggest the form.
Mr. Dalton then sought the Tax Collector,
who advised him not to make one for him,
as it was of no use. Dalton said he was
willing to furnish a man for the benefit of
the board from his office if they asked for
it. "But if you pass that resolution and
attempt to force me," he continued, "I
won't do it, and you can't make me."
Supervisor Church declared that the
board should go on record as desiring to
accommodate the public, and he favored
the adoption of the resolutions. They were
then passed, Supervisor Pelouze alone
voting no. He said if the books were of
no use he saw no reason for passing the
resolutions.
The next trouble was made by W. G.
Hawkett, formerly a deputy under ex-
Assessor Leckie. He claimed thatlhis as
sessment of $750 for personal property was
excessive. He considered $350 ample. He
did not have any more than that, and bad
turned into the Assessor a statement as
required by law.
He continued: "I have a ten-room
house, furnished, assessed as worth $750.
Mr. Dalton has a twenty-one room house,
and its furniture is only valued at $-500.
Gentlemen, ail 1 want is f»ir play. I don't
want to be punished simply because 1 was
in the Assessor's office four years ago.
Give us a fair deal and I am satisfied."
Mr. Dalton asked if his wife had
tome diamonds. He admitted she had a
pair of earrings. He was assessed at $400
by the deputy and Mr. Dalton had raised
it. This Dalton claimed he had a right
to do.
The assessment was finally reduced as
desired, with Supervisor Pelouze voting
no. He said he would be willing to vote
aye for a reduction to $500.
The matter of a reduction of the assess
ment on the franchise of the Contra Costa
Water Company, being in four distinct pe
titions to cover each township, was next
taken ud. J. H. W. Watkinson was the
only witness called. He said the fran
chise was nothing of value. Any one
could lay pipes. He knew that fran
chises were taxable and could be assessed
high or low. He thought, as a matter of
public interest, they should be assessed at
nominal value.
William Lair Hill, on behalf of Mr. Dal
ton, said that the fact that the franchise
wus not exclusive aid not make it any the
less valuable. The Supreme Court in the
case of the San Jose Gas Company vs.
January decided that all franchises were
taxable. Assessor Dalton called the at
tention of the board to the fact that every
franchise in San Francisco and Oakland
was taxed.
Mr. Watkinson interposed and said he
would admit their taxation, but that they
had no opposition. The water company
had an opposition which cut into its
revenue seriously. This caused a smile
among the listeners, but Dalton Baid he
knew that there was a statement sworn to
and fiied only a few years oacic when the
valuation was set at $6,200,000. He had
never been able to see that much property
and thought part of that valuation covered
the franchise. The matter was then taken
under advisement.
P. E. Bowles, president of the First Na
tional Bank, tiled his appeal to the board
for a reduction of the assessment. He
claimed exemption of moneys on deposit
and stock on the ground that National
banns are not taxable for city and county
taxes.
Charles M. Palmer of the Union-Na
tional Bank had the same plea. The lat
ter assessment was made against him per
sonally by an agreement between the bank
and the Assessor, because the bank had nc
real property. Mr. Palmer denies that th<
1496 shares of capital stock of the bank ii
assessable to him. He astced that tin
whole be canceled or eliminated. Th<
same request was made as to the assess
The Story of the Cross as Told on the Front Page of the First Chinese War Crj
Published in tfc« World, ihc < lit Ii Just One- i hud the Size of the Original.
ment on money on deposit and furniture.
These cases were set for 2 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon by consent.
FATALLY HENPECKED.
Peculiar Cause of Blood Poisoning
That Has Resulted in
Death.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 13.— Bernard
Mataran, a Frenchman, aged 73 years, who
had lived in Oakland eighteen years, died
last night from the effects of a hen-peck
ing his hand several weeks ago. He was a
dealer in eggs and on a recent trip into
the country he picked up the hen in aues
tion to examine her. She pecked" the
back of his hand viciously and took a
piece of skin out. It caused considerable
pain, but' Mataran thought nothing more
about it. Later on it b°gan to swell and
then hie arm was affected. At last he ap
pealed to a physician, who discovered
that it was a serious case of blood poison
ing, which bad gone too far to be helped.
USED A RAZOR.
A Man Recently in Jail Returned on a
feerlous Charge.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Edward
Hazzard, who claims to hail from Phila
delphia and was only recently released
from the County Jail after serving a term
for vagrancy, is back again with a much
more serious charge placed against his
name.
He was arrested and brought in from
Emeryville about 2 o'clock this morning
on a charge of assault, but later in the day
this was changed to assault with intent to
commit murder. He was accused of hav
ing cut John McGuire, an employe of the
Judson Iron Works, in the abdomen, and
it is thought that the victim cannot re
cover.
Hazzard denies that he cut McGuire, but
admits having had afightwith him, because
McGuire called him a black sheep. He
says he knocked him down and spit in his
face after McGuire insisted on a tight. A
razor was found on his person when ar
rested.
ACCIDENTALLY POISONED,
The Six-Year-Old Son of Theo.
Leydecker Drank a Pint
of Raw Gin.
City Trustees Adjourned Out of Sym
pathy for Their Co-Trustee's
Bereavement.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 13.— Irvin, the
six-year-old son of City Trustee Leydecker,
died this morning under conditions ex
tremely sad and distressing. In some un
accountable way he obtained possession
out of the medicine cupboard of a bottle
containing gin, rhubarb, camomile and
turpentine, and it is thought drank some
thing over a pint of the mixture.
His mother had given him some of the
mixture on Saturday night, as he was not
feeling very well, and he wanted some more
on Sunday. It was refused him. He was
left alone for a few minutes and when his
mother returned to him she found the
little chap lying across the threshold of
the room, nearly unconscious and breatb
ing heavily. Lying not far from him was
the bottle and a big wet spot on the
carpet.
The balf-diatracted mother placed the
little lad on the bed and administered
such remedies as the case and the moment
suggested. She thought he had not taken
too much and the effects of toe intoxica
tion would wear off in his sleep. As the
day wore on she found that he still con
tinued in a stupor, from which she could
only arouse him with the greatest diffi
culty. Later the body became rigid and
about 6 o'clock she became so alarmed
that Dr. Steltzner was called in.
He administered emetics and other
remedies during the night, but the alco
holic poison bad too strong a foothold in
the child's system, and shortly after mid
night he died. Mr. Leydecker returned
to-day from Stockton, where he had been
since Saturday, and learned then of his
bereavement.
An inquest was held tbU evening at the
residence of the boy's parents before Coro
ner Baldwin. The jury returned a verdict
of death caused by paralysis of the heart,
due to alcoholic poisoning. The funeral
services will be held at the residence on
Wednesday next at 11:30 a. m., and the
interment will be in Odd Fellows' ceme*
terv, San Francisco.
T"hs City Tnisu-es met this evening, and
then formally adjourned till next Monday
evening. This was done out of respect to
Trustee Leydecker in his bereavement.
Brevities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 13.— The man
damus suit of A. L. Fish vs. the City
Treasurer was transferred this morning
from Judge Ellsworth's court to that of
Judee Fnck. The case will be submitted
on briefs and a decision rendered next
Monday.
The following scores were made yester
day at the monthly target practice of mem
bers of Company G: Wittich 48, Lieuten
ant Simpson 42, Captain Chinman 39, Day
38, Hammond 37. Walker 36, Shafer 35,
Wessel 34. Maslin 33, McDonald 31. Pickett
30, Baker 22, Jones 22, Browning 32.
Mrs. Luciuda Shultis, aged 56 years,
who ha 3 been a resident of this city for
the last forty-four years, died last night.
| She was helu in high esteem by a large
circle of acquaintances. The funeral cere
monies will be held at the residence of
her son-in-law, J. W. Hardman, 2002 Pa
cific avenue, to-morrow morning at 11:30.
Harvey Garcelon of 1553 Railroad ave
nue, aged 73 years, died this morning from
j bronchitis. The funeral will be held next
j Wednesday at 2 p. M.
1
AMBITION OF A
CHINESE EDITOR,
Issues the Only War Cry
in His Language in the
World.
IS A MAN OF ABILITY.
Converses on All Topics With
Freedom and a Marked Flow
of Rhetoric.
HIS OFFICE NOT A SINECURE.
Prepared Nine Thousand Special Char
acters for the Issuance of His
First Edition.
Oaklakd Office Bah Feancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 13. )
One of the most unique exhibits to be
found at Trestle Glen, where the Salvation
Yee Ling. Editor of the Chinese War Cry, the First Copy of Which Has Jast
Been Issued.
Army is in camp, is a War Cry printed in
Chinese, for the special use of Chinese
Salvationists in California. Several
months ago work was started among the
Chinese, but the War Cry was only re
cently thoueht of. To think is to act with
the Salvation Army, and consequently a
local paper printed in Chinese has come
into existence.
The title-page of the first Chinese War
Cry is partly written in English script and
partly printed in Chinese. It is hard to
conceive the connection between the many
symbols used in illustrating and the doc
trine of salvation. The pictures bear a
great resemolance to the signs of the
zodiac. To a Chinese mind they are
evidently as intelligent as ordinary pic
tures are to a white man or they would
not be there.
The editor of the new Cry is Yee Ling,
whose sanctum is at 815 Sacramento street,
in San Francisco.
Ensign Day, the editor of tbe regular
Pacific Coast Cry, said he felt strangely
out ot place in his brother editor's office.
"Yee Ling is an exceedingly bright fel
low," said Editor Day, "and so interests
one by his splendid conversational powers
that it does not take long to forget that
he is a native of the Flowery Kingdom.
The frontispiece, he tells me, is a Salva
tion Arniv song and a portion of the Ten
Commandments. I was astounded when
told the paper contains over 9000 charac
ters, each of which represents oue syllable.
To print the paper all the characters have
to be engraved on a huge stone, and then
put through the lithographic process.
Besides writing original articles, the ed
itor gets considerable matter by translat
ing from other army publications. Belore
giving his work to the printers he has to
prepare each character for the press, which
alone takes all bis time for several days.
The amount of labor accomplished by the
Chinese editor, besides doing a soldier's
duty faithfully, i_s something astonishing."
The present edition consists of 300 copies,
but they are eagerly sold to Chinese in the
Oakland and San Francisco Chinatowns.
It is Ensign May Jackson's intention to
increase the circulation to 1000 by getting
other corps on the Pacific Coast and North
ern Pacific divisions interested. It will be
introduced into all Chinatowns where it is
possible.
In no othercity in the United States is a
Chinese War Cry printed, and in this, as
in many other branches of array work, the
coast division has taken the lead.
SAW HIM OFF.
Key. Campbell Coyle Left While Hymns
Were Sung.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— Rev. Camp
bel 1 Coyle, brother of Dr. R. F. Coyle and
assistant pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church, left on to-day'a morning train for
his new charge in Toledo, Ohio. He was
escorted to the train by a large delegation j
of his voting people, who had learned to j
love him during his connection with the ;
church here. They sans some of their j
Christian Endeavor hymns and bade him
farewell with much emotion.
One of the trustees of the church saM in
regard to the rumor of Dr. R. F. Coyle re
ceiving an Eastern call: "It is nothing
but the usual rumor which is circulated
every time the doctor goes East. I don't
think there is any truth in it."
• » — ■»
Voted Four Thousand.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 13.— The Ala
meda County Christian Endeavor Union
met to-night and took the first step toward
providing for tbe National convention of
1897. The union voted $4000 for the fund
of the 1897 convention, $2500 to be paid the
general committee and $1500 to be used by
the union.
A Meeting Postponed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 13.— The mass
meeting to discuss the assessments now
under consideration by tne Supervisors
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday July 14, 1890,
At 10 o'clock, a. v. at Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
WE WILL BKLU
Elegant Line of Purniture, Carpets, Counter, Back-
Bar, Iron Safe, etc.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE AT j>l4 SECOND STREET.
I General Line of Merchandise, comprising Fur-
nishing Hoods of all kinds, *hoes, Huts, Caps.
i Remnants, etc., to be sold without reserve to the
I trade. Auction Sale commencing WEDNESD AY.
I July 15, at 10:30 a. m., and continuing until entire
I Mock la sold. Fix' urea anu goods must be sold.
which was called for to-night at the Tab
ernacle did not take place. Many reasons
were given for postponing the meeting,
the chief of which was that the Tabernacle
could not be obtained, as it is being pre
pared for the exposition.
A MEDIUM'S TROUBLE.
He Declares the Regular Physicians
Are Jealous of Him.
W. F. Barker, spiritualist and faith doc
tor, who was arrested last week for prac
ticing without a license, was released on
$500 cash bail this morning furnished by
Professor Mingo of San Francisco.
Barker claims that the regular physi
cians are jealous ot his success and caused
his arrest. He declares that the mediums
are a unit, and will back him to the fin
ish. The officials intimate that there wiil
be a mild sensation when the case comes
to trial. W T hen first arrested Barker said
his prosecution was caused by the A. P. A.
Now he says that his first idea was wrong,
and that his enemies are jealous physi
cians.
ATHLETES IN TROUBLE,
Disruption in the Camp of the
Crescent Club of the Col
lege Town.
Some Histrionic Members Were Vis
ited by the Green-Eyed
Monster.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 13.— There is
disruption in the Crescent Athletic Club
which threatens tne absolute dissolution
of the once thriving organization.
For six months or more past all interest
in the work of the club has been gradu
ally waning, but the climax which threat
ens to tear the body asunder was reached
a few weeks ago when the ciub gave a
dramatic entertainment for the purpose of
raising funds to pay off some of its out
standing' debts. What was generally
voted a successful performance was pre
sented by the amateur actors of the club
and their lady friends, but before the
first pleasant impressions of the perform
ance had died away whisperings ot jeal
ousy began to circulate among some of
those of the club who did not succeed in
getting into the cast.
This dissatisfaction on the part of these
seekers for histrionic fame came to the
ears of those who did perform, with the
result that Dr. J. C. Anthony and George
Wilcox, two of the leading characters in
the play, and two of the most prominent
members of the club, resigned at the last
meeting. Several others have dropped
out recently, largely on account of the
jealousy displayed with reference to the
theatrical performance, and partly on ac
count of the waning interest in the work
of the club.
"One year aeo," said one of the leaiing
members to-day, "our club was in the
height of its glory. We were very pros
perous and had a membership of over 150,
but now a large number of our best ath
letes have left town, and consequently re
signed from the club, and the bur
den of expense is being borne by about
thirty members. A large number owe
back dues, and many more nave gone off
without settling; and again, we are most
too close to the university to support a |
club. Most of the best athletes of the
town are university men, and, naturally,
they have their interest in the sport cen
tered there.
"I should feel very sorry to see the club
disband, however, because of the good
start which we made a year ago, when we
had so many good bicyclists and boxers
Nearly all the best wheelmen have left
town, and our boxing teacher had to be
discharged because we could not pay him.
We are goiny to try and keep up, bnt I
don't see how we can when so much of
the burden of expense falls on a few.
"To-morrow night we will have a Dox
inc exhibition, and it is possible that it
will stimulate the remaining members to
greater activity.
"The new club in West Berkeley will
probably have more or less effect on our
organization, but we will endeavor to tide
over what may prove to be only a tempo
rary difficdlty."
Republican Meeting*.
BERKELEY, Cal.. July 13.— The Berke
ley Republicans will hold a grand rally
next Saturday evening. Fred Stratton
and Dr. George H. Derrick, candidate for
btatc Senator, will be the speakers of the
S. BASCB. AUCTIONEER
And Commission Merchant. Office, 632 Market St
GKA3JD AUCTION SALE THIS DAY,
Tuesday .......July 14, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. M , on the premises.
1314 Octavia St., Bet. o' Parrel 1 & Geary.
■ - ' v...z WILL SELL
AI.Ii THE ELEIiAXT FURNISHINGS
OF A 18-KOOW ROUsE,
CONSISTING 0F....
Chickerin?Pimo: Odd Parlor Pieces, richly up-
holstered ; '•! Magnificent Bedroom sets, cost $150,
with Woven-Wire and Hair-Top Mattresses: Elder-
down Feather Pillows; Comforters: 14-4 Mission
Wcolen Markets, Sheets, Spreads, etc.; 1 feet
American Kncyclopedia; Books by standard au-
th ■>.■»: oil Paintings by noted Italian anises; fine
Bisque and Bronze statues. Bric-a-Brac, etc. ; Mag-
nificent Folding-Bed, solid quarter-sawed oak,
hand-carved, with a French-plate bevel-edge glass,
something grand, cost $200: Massive Oak Side-
board; Oak Pedestal Extension Table, with 12
Massive Chairs to match; Crockery and Glassware;
New Home sewing Machine; Baby Carriage: Ku-
reka Grand Xa 7 ■ Water-back Range, with a gas
attachment, cost $85: Agate and Tin Ware.
.notk— To lovers of art, literature and fine fur«
nlture; give these goods an Inspection; it will be
to your advantage if you contemplate buying, as
goods such as these are rarely offered at public
auction. Terms cash.
I S. BASCH, Anctioneer.
ALLEN COWAN, AUCTIONEER.
this DAY,
Tuesday.. July 14, 1396
AT 230 SUTTER STREET,
At 11 o'clock a. x , I will sell
Elegant Folding Bed, Bookcase, Chiffoniers, Bed-
room Sets, Chairs, Itius. Front Bar. Couches, Mat
tresses, Pillows and Blankets: also a magnificent
line of Easels and Screws. This Is an exception-
ally fine 1 ot of goods and muat be sold.
evening. The meeting promises to be the
biggest Republican demonstration held
this season in Berkeley. A brass band
will be out, cannons wiil be fired, rockets
sent heavenward and music furnished in
the hall by a glee club. An invitation has
been extended to every Republican in
town to be present, whether members of
the local clubs or not.
The West Berkeley club will hold its
regular meeting to-morrow evening, at
which it is expected a constitution and a
set of by-laws will be adopted.
Kellogg School House Condemned.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 13.— The Kel
logg school-house on Center street, which
is at present serving as the High School
building, as well as accommodating several
grammar grades, was to-day condemned
by Health Officer Powell and Sanitary In
spector Frank Thompson, as being in an
unhealthinl condition. The plumbing is
defective.
Some of the pipes underneath the build
ing instead of being iron or terra cotta are
galvanized tin, and have been eaten away
by corrosion to such an extent that sewage
has easy seepage through them. It is be
lieved that the unsanitary condition of the
plumbing in this building has been the
direct cause of a large number of the cases
of tuberculosis which were recorded dur
ing the last school year.
The Health Officer and a sanitary
plumber will visit all the school buildings
in town in order to determine if any
further sanitary precaution s are neces
sary.
Brief Ktwi Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 13.— The Tested
choir at St. Mark's Episcopal Church has
disbanded for the summer, but will be re
organized in the fall. It is proposed to
have forty singers as soon as room can be
made for them in the chancel.
The Junior Christian Endeavor Society
of the Park Congregational Church will
hold a picnic at Blair s Park to-morrow.
The Lorin Fire Company will meet to
morrow evening for the purpose of adopt
ing a new constitution and by-laws.
The Town Trustees met this evening.
The principal business concerned street
work.
The Berkeley Electric Lighting Com
pany has bonded its plant for $30,000.
Saturday a mortgage was placed on file to
cover this, given to the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company.
A SMALL SENSATION.
.Report of a Horsewhipping Adminis
tered to a San Francisco Insur
ance Man.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 13.— The Advo
cate of this afternoon contains a report of
the rawhiding of James L. Woods, a prom
inent San Francisco insurance man, by
his former wife, Mrs. Dr. Woods, on
Ashby avenue.
The item states that the divorced hus
band had called to visit his children, who
bad been placed in the custody of Mrs.
Woods, according to the decision of the
Superior Court at the time of the divorce
proceedings, and without apparent provo
cation his previous spouse assailed him
with a whip and chased him from the
house.
NEW IMPROVEMENT CLUB
Fourth • Street Merchants Or-
ganize to Mend That
Thoroughfare.
Considered the Natural Outlet for
All of South San Francisco
Territory.
The Fourth-street Improvement Club
met last night at 20 Fourth street. The
object of the club is to better tbe condition
of Fourth street, it being claimed that
Fourth street is the natural outlet of the
sugar refinery, the iron works and all of
South San Francisco.
About thirty Fourth-street business men
were in attendance. Organization was
effected with J. T. Sullivan as president,
William King as secretary and J. B. Shea
as treasurer. Mr. Hammond, Dr. Rottanzi
and others spoke of the necessity of the
improvement. It was suggested that the
club identify itself witn the Southside
Improvement Club.
George ''. . Elder suggested that the
cobbles be removed and the street paved
with basalt rock on a concrete foundation,
and that an estimate be made of the ex
pense in time to submit it to the>Board of
Supervisors for insertion in this year's tax
lew. Mr. Elder was requested to furnish
estimates of this and other kinds of pave
ment down to Folsom street, and. he con
sented to do so.
Instead of joining the Federation of Im
provement Clubs those present seemed to
think it preferable to make an indepen
dent tight for the improvement of Fourth
street.
It was voted to try to interest James D.
Phelan, the Flood estate and other prop
erty-owners in and around Fourth street.
The Pioneer Society will co-operate.
Secretary Swartz of the South Side Im
provement Club, advised the club to be ac
tive in efforts and push the project along
with energy.
The following committee on constitution
and by-laws was appointed : Messrs. Ham
mind. Schulz, Ladd. Strauss and O'Hara.
It was voted to admit to membership in
the club all good citizens south of Market
street to South San Francisco, and to in
vite them to join.
The club adjourned to meet in a hall in
the Pioneer building next Friday evening
when Mr. Elder wil! present estimates of
tbe cost of several different kinds of pave
ments.
S^%. D r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
/jUtSSgtMti-^ KEAB.\Y ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
iiiiii KKAR.VY ST. Established
in 185* for the treatment of Private
» -tAk'&t pi-seaa< - 8. Lost Manhood. Debility or
i disease wearing on bodyand mind and
X HSSsfi Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
*Sf&l'4ifs others fail. Try him. Charges low
rurr«KDamDirrd. Callorwdte.
Dr. J. V. UIBBON. Box 1937, 5 ail Francisco,
1314
WILL FIND MUCH MONEY.
What the Carnival Committee
Expects From Its Can
vass.
Frank T. Shea's Design for the Badge
Has Been Accepted by
It.
The special finance committee of the
Carnival of the Golden Gate continued its
labors of canvassing among the large ;
corporations yesterday. They are satisfied j
from the receptions accorded them at each j
place visited that there will be no diffi
culty in raising the necessary funds.
Messrs. F. A. Haoer, H. J. Crocker and K.
B. Soule called upon President Foster of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
road, and were graciously received by him. j
He said that the carnival project was the
talk of the entire Sonoma Valley, and that
he is certain that thousands of people are
coming down to attend it. He said further |
that he was heartily in accord with the pro
ject, and would urge upon the directors
the giving of a large contribution toward
defraying the carnival expenses.
Charles Webb Howard, president of the
Spring Valley Water Company, also re
ceived the committee witn every evidence
of appreciation of their efforts in making
the affair a success. He promised to bring
the matter up before the board of directors
at their earliest meeting, and spoke of the
advantages that would be derived by the
people from the awakening of the carnival
spirit among the people. He recom
mended that the committee visit some of
the members of the corporation, tbattnere
might be no delay in taking action when
they meet. The" special committee will j
meet at noon to-day to hear the reports of j
other members of the committee, and they i
expect, to be able to announce, at the meet- j
ing of the executive committee this after- J
noon, the result ot their labors of the past
few days.
The auction sale of seats for the benefit
at the Columbia Theater on Thursday
afternoon will take place to-day at 1
o'clock, in the Merchants' Exchan-e. S. j
L. Jones, the veteran auctioneer, has been 1
well coached by members of the commit- j
tee and is keenly alive to the most im- j
portant sale that he has ever conduoted.
He promises to let no buying man escape
without buying a box, and says he is only
sorry that there are no more boxes and I
loges to dispose of.
"London Assurance" will be presented
by the Frawley Company in their best !
style. This will be the last opportunity of
seeing Miss Maxine Elliott in ncr great ;
characterization of Lady Gay Spanker,
prior to her departure lor" Australia.
Entr'acte music will be rendered by the
usual orchestra, a special feature of which
will be the carnival overture, composed :
for the occasion.
Messrs. Friedlander <fc Gottiob have pre
pared an immense diagram showing the I
location of every seat in the house. Those !
who purchase seats to-morrow can obtain j
the tickets for them on Wednesday morn- i
ing at the Columbia Theater, wnen the !
bale of the few seats that remain will com- j
mence.
The committee on carnival colors, !
badges and regalia last night adopted a
design presented by Frank T. Shea lor the :
official badge. The story the design is in- j
tended to convey is that over all festivities j
in every section of our country the Na- ]
tional pird of freedom floats. Under his |
protecting wing will be the carnival colors, l
hanging peudant to a golden pole held in j
the eagle's claws.
The banner reveals the beautiful picture
of the most favored section of California. ;
The goddess of San Francisco stands at :
its portals, gently pushing aside the ban
ner and presenting the scene to view; the I
bay. Golden Gate and ocean beyond, all
radiant with the setting sun. Fort Point i
and Lime Point are portra3"ed on either i
side, and the bosom of the water is dotted
with white-winged messengers from other ',
ports speeding toward the shore. The j
ferry crossing the bay and the train sJiirt- !
ing the foothills illustrate the access from
the interior to the City. At the feet of the
goddess stands the emblem of the State,
the grizzly bear, while floating above him i
are winged Cupids, one holding aloft a i
golden vase bearing the rich products of i
California for presentation to the City
goddess. From the other hand of the
Cupid a rich cornucopia is strewing with
flowers the pathway of visitors to the
shore.
The other Cupid is sending through the \
golden trumpet, encircled with a wreath
ol laurels, the welcome to San Francisco.
Beneath all this is found the State flower, \
the eschscholtzia. The entire design is i
Very artistic.
The committee also adopted a metal j
button which will be made in San Fran- '
cisco, and which can be retailed at 10 cents '
each. It is a very beautiful design in the ■
carnival colors, with the Golden Gate em- '
bossed as a center piece. William New- !
man, of tne hrm of Newman & Levison,
promises the committee 2000 of the but- |
tons for free distribution.
The Young Men's Institute have an- j
nounced the appointment of Dr. T. H. '
Morris, T. B. McGinnis and John O'Brien i
as delegates to assist the executive com- !
niittee in arranging the programme. These j
delegates of the committee are named m
accordance with the scheme of organiza- !
tion of the carnival committee, and the '
action of the institute will probably be
followed by many other societies. The i
executive committee is anxious to hear i
from ali societies at as early date as pos- i
pible.in order that the part they are to take !
in the carnival may be assigned to them |
and arrangements completed without any |
delay.
» ♦ — • .
FORGERS NOT SENTENCED.
Becker and Creegan Secure a Continu- !
auce Until August 7.
Forgers Becker and Creegan were ap be
fore Judge Wallace for sentence yesterday.
On motion of Attorney Dunne, however,
the matter was put over until Aupnst ?! |
Mr. Dunine desired more time in which to j
prepare a bi 1 of exceptions for a motion 1
for a new trial.
The verdict of guilty was quite a eur
prise to the accused, the worst they ex- !
pected being a disagreement.
F. L. Seaver, alias Frank Dean, the last
of the trio of swindlers, wilj be tried on
August 7, when Judge Wallace returns i
from his vacation.
William San born, charged with attempt j
to commit burglary, was acquitted. He is
the young man who, some time ago, fell
through the glass sfcylignt of a house on
Jones street while prospecting around late
at night.
• — « — •
Drank a Battle of Wine.
Willie Boyle, the 12-year-old boy who was
found stupidly drunk at Fourth and Braunan
streets Sundny afternoon, had sufficiently re
covered to be sent home yesterday morning.
He said he found a bottle of wine under a (sign
board on the water front and drank it all.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CAiu.
no Market street, open until 12 c clock everj
aignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery meet
torner Clay; open until 9:3o o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, mm
tntli 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street, open until 0 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
■-■■■ r I>IVII>KNI> NOTICES.
jKS» DIVIDiiND NOTICK^THE NEVADA
«*-" ! Bank of,. San Francisco— Board : of
Directors of this bank have declared a dividend
(No. 17) for the quarter ending June 30, 1896, at
the rate of six (6) percent per annum, payable on
and after July 15. Traugfer-books will-be closed
from the 10th to the 15th inst.. both days inclusive.
. D. I. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 9, 1896. r
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
i«^SP~ PACIFICLODGENa 136, F. AND jT~
6=3? a. M.. 121 Eddy sU, meets THlB^*^.
EVENING, at 7:30 o clock. D.I. J*L3\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /^r^
caUfornia CHAPTER no. 5, m -
&^^R. a. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- _JV.
DAY) EVENING, July 14, at 7:30 o'clock. >S_3f
11. A . degree. By order of the H. P. /.>•>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
B^^> GOLDEN GATE LODGE 1 NO. 30, ft
ItiS' F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS IV
(TUESDAY) EVENING, July 14, at 7:30 j£lt
o'clock. D. a. GEO. J. HOB Sec. /V>
BE^S=» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, • ;
EFjß' F. and A. M.— Officers and members -£%-
are requested to meet a: the Pavilion, Ma- }K2f
nonid Cemetery, THIS (TUESDAY) AF-^T
TERNOON, at 8:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, JACOB M. SMITH.
GKO. J. HOB . Secretary.
jjFTg=» EINTRACHT SPAR UND BAD VE-
tt^C rein— The annual meeting of the stockhold-
era of the above-named aasociatlon for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other busim as may be
brought before the meeting, I will be held at the
oflice of the association, Kintracht Hall, 237
Twelfth St.. on TUESDAY. July 14. at 7:30
o'clock P. m. Polls open from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock
p.m. Fourteenth series now open; shares $100;
dues $1: interest 8 per cent; no premium : | shares
mature in 78 months: meetings second Tuesday.
F. iiUi SCHMIDT, PresidenU
Hesbt Gillb. secretary. '
(Cr^S= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
fif~js* annual meeting of the stockho ders of the
San Francisco and >an Joaquin Valley Hallway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1896, at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting. •
--.',.-■..-• ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
|?_^» the annual meeting OF THE
&<& stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for ;he election of directors for the en-
suine year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a' the company's office, 229 Steven-
son sU, San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. if . Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting. -
J. E. GREEN. secretary.
™ SPECIAL NOTICES.
£^ FIiIEILING'B"^PILES
Lr-^7 Salve cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itch-
ing, Internal or protruding piles; price $1 per box.
For sale at 1628 • Devisadero St., also at 2:08 and
228 Brannan st.
BKS 3 DR. ALFRED W. PERRY HAS RE-
!*-^ moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st. . • .
IKSf BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
«S~^ collections made, city or conntry. : Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont^y St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
O NEAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRLS DESIRE
~ situations at housework and cooking; . $10 to
$15; references.. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
CR. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your or.iers: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
rro HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
i ment Agency, 128 Fourth St., furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel. black 1363.
VOUXG LADY WANTS HOUSEKEEPING
X position or plain sewing. 203 Powell su, room 5.
•\7OUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X second work; country preferred. Call 2311 Clay.
P ESPECTABLE SWEDISH LADY WISHES A
XL position as housekeeper for elderly gentleman
or widower; city or country. Call or address 10
Anthony st., off Mission, near Second.
ELIABLE WOMAN \v ANTS SITUATION ;
it city or country good cook, baker and laundress;
nationality Scotch; references; also competent
baby's nurse wants position. Call 537 Minna su
A* OUNG FRENCHWOMAN WISHES SITUA-
X tion as cook; German or : French preierred.
MISS DANIEN, 110 Sixth St., room 10.
MIDDLE- AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
place to assist; is willing and obliging: wages
$10 to $12 per month city or Oakland; references.
Please address MRS. T., box 94, Call Office.
COMPETENT, RELIABLE AMERICAN
VJ woman wants situation to do general house-
work: is cood seamstress; no objection to children.
Call or address 731 Folsom st.
POSITION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
X girl to do upstairs work and waiting; wages
$20. Address 627 Vi Linden aye., bet Hayes and
Fell its. *
WOMAN WITH A CHILD WAN I SITUA-
• ' tion; city or country; la aood cook andean do
general housework. CtiO or addr*»B 221 Minna.
■EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WOULD
Xj like a tew engagements by the day. Address
522 Taylor st.
tj-asted-bya respectable WOMAN,
'» a position as a working housekeeper; would
do general housework in a small family; best of
ref-rence: ci yor country. Apply for three days
at 28 South Park.
rPHOROUGHLY RELIABLE, STRONG SWE-
X dish woman, good cook, desires place to cook
for men. 122 tieary st.
THIRST-CLASS RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
J- housework by the day: terms $1 50 per day.
Call or address 127 Bay, bet. Dnpont and Kearny.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
Xt the day, washing, ironing and house-cleaning;
terms $1 per day. fail or address 819 Natoma st.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
KESI'ECTABLE GIRL WISHES A POSITION
Xt in store or office. Address II.; box 71, Call. '
SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING; CAM-
-0 paign speeches written ana revised : all kinds
of copying neatly done; reasonable. 420 Mont-
gomery St., room 6.
yonSGGIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
X Ugh housework: $2 60 per week sleep home.
Call 58 Converse su, beu Eighth and Ninth.
yoUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
X ,£ood paying place in bakery or coffee-house.
403 Sixth su, bakery.
1" EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
li any kind of work by the day; terms. $1 a day.
602 Howard St. .
X? I RST-CLASS COOK AND SECOND COOK
X I wishes a place In city or conntry; speaks
French and English, and understands French,
German and English cooking and all kinds of
pasiry; city or country. - Call or address 704
Bryant st.
X ACCOMPLISHED WIDOW WANTS PO-
sition as housekeeper, or would manage lodi<-
ing-housi, city or country. Call or add. ess 3033
Sixteenth st.
A'OL'NG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
X work by the day. washing or housecleaning.
Apply 43 Fourteenth st.
RESSMAKER~~FROM NEW YORK WANTS
work at ladles' houses by the day. 305 Eddy.
ITUATION WANTED .TO CARE FOR IN-
valid or children : in city or country. Address
1221 O'Farreil St., room 14. , ■ •
ELDERLY LADY WISHES SITUATION TO
XJ do lii;ht housework; city or country. Address
or call 216 Minna st.
OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
Xto do light housework. 31 V 2 Boardman place,
in rear \ . .
XPERIENCED LAUNDKESS WORKS BY
XU the day in private families. 358V 3 Jessie st.
XT UNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN KE-
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated: also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye.
OMPETKNT .YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork -or sewine; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market st.. room 19.
VJPANISM WIDOW WOULD LIKK.SITUA-
O. tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply 105 Larkin st., room 3. ,
1 \RESSMAKKK,. FIRST-CLASS CUTTER
XJ and litter, would like few more engagements
by the day at $1 25. 1717 Ellis st.
A JIEiUCAN WOMAN DESIRES POSITION
■£\- as housekeeper; Rood cook: city or country.
995 Market sU. room 14.
AMB RICA LADY WISHES FEW MORE EN-
2Y. gagemems to do nursing. Apply or address
203 Bartlett su, near Twenty-third, in re.it.
SWKDISU LADY WOULD, LIKE WORK BY
kj the day; also washing and Ironing. 2914
Twenty-first aU. near Harrison, in rear.
RE P EC.TABLK~NLKMAN WIDOW, WITH A
small boy, wishes a situation us housekeeper
or as cook lor a family. Add, s. M., box 14, Call.
EASTKKN GIRL. GOOD WORKER, WISHES
-i situation for general housework. Apply 302
Liberty at., near Church.
WKDISII GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
kJ cook or general housework. Apply 1672
Thirteenth aye., Easi Oakland.
Xi ■: li a CHAMBERMAID or wait-
resi desires a situation. Address 1031 Market
su, room 8. .
W IXCi:Ki . XX HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. KR
«i X . M " rltel: 20 ° rooiDS! 25° to $1 60 per night:
♦ l t>u io§b per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana baggage to and from the ferry. '
C^vfS^T > N t D t BEST IN AMERICA-THB
lin| W^stA^ Y:CA LI *' » ent l <> any address In the
Me free. ° F Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
AT lONS WAMKD-MALE.
C, R. lI ANSENXc^^F^EATtY^avTuR^
V. nlah haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry anil rock
men, laborers, mechanics, . cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
CHIXKSK AND -JAPANKSK X* LIARLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & cofftfjo city!
V .c.ti.cooK'a Nil. SUPPLIES 10i.K!,; ALL
X, .branch-* :shori, notice. ,4 i; mr r. tel.«rani. 43.
TAPANESK AND CHINESE KMPLOYMr
J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: i«-l «i rani 30.
pH I NKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best Help. 414i/j I Uriel: , HO. } . j-jj
W' ANTED BY ENGLISHMAN: A PLACE IN
»' private stable and : make himself generally
useful around place; moderate w^es: California
109 r c»?r6mce ° COa " AddreSS Groom, box
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
SITUATIONS -WANTED-Continued.
HOlIsi:-C LEANER UAMs TO DO ALL
kinds of house-cl' aning by. the day. Address
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210 i /a i.arkin au ■ ..;
11 KLIABLfS MAN WANTS A SITUATION ON
XV a ranch to cook for three or :our men or to
take charge of a ranch; thoroughly understands
the work on a ranch. • Address M. C., box 88, CalL
POSITION < WANTED B Y^YOUNG MANAS
X assistant bookkeeper or clerk; salary not so
much an object as opportunity to gain experience;
first-class references. Address G. 8., box 85, Call.
. ■ OY, 16 YEARS OLD, SPEAKS AND WRITES
' I Italian -» net English, would like work In office.
Address 108 Valparaiso st. ■-" j
RESPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN, SPEAKS
Xt English well, would like to drive a laundry
or delivery wagon; well' acquainted 'in' the' West-
ern Addition and In the city; worked five years in
last place: can give 'Al * references. Address C.
Schlundt. 448 Clementina St. - '
YOUNG MAN, 19 YEARS, WOULD LIKE
X place to learn : carnage blacksmiihing; lias
some experience. Call or address 459 Mipnast.
lj ARBER— GOOD YOUNG BARBER WANTS
1 ' steady position or help out evenings, Saturday
and Sunday. Address S. 6 , box 91. Call Office.
DRIVKR-BY A STRONG YOUNG MAN, TO
drive truck or delivery wagon; experienced.
t Address H. P., box 76, Call office.
j ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE. POSITION'
» » as overseer and housekeeper on ranch. 'W.
8., box 66, Call Office.
! STRONG BOY, 18 YEARS OLD, SPEAKING
• O French and English, wishes a situation In a
j store or wholesale hous-; will make himself gen-
: erally useful; is able to help with bookkeeping if
; necessary; lives with parents. Address Utility,
I Call Branch Office, 530 Montgomery at.
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
man to cook, bake, wife assist In kitchen or
housework. Address 221 Minna st.
\r OUNG BOY (16) WANTS PLACE NEAR
X city ' on fruit ranch or dairy; is of mechanical
turn: could work with machinist; small compen-
sation for good home. Call or address for one
week, C. P., 119 Ninth st.
BY MAN: ON PRIVATE PLACE: UNDKR-
stands horses, cows and plain gardening; 5
years In last place; good references. Address C.
A., box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
AT" OUNG MAN WANTS POSITION WITH
X private family; understands the care of horses
and driving; good references. Address K. R.,
box 72, this office.
A YOUNG COLORED MAN WANTS A SlTU-
ation to drive for a doctor and make himself
generally useful aronnd the office. J., box 94, Call
Office.
"LMIIST-CLASS CUTTER TAILOR WANTS A
X I position; city or country. Address C. X., box
146, Call Office.
IV' ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAX (HER-
*' man) in kitchen, wait on table or other work:
city or country. Please address H. VIELITZ,
631 Sacramento su, room 23.
N EXPERIENCED WINEMAKKR, WITH
good references. is looking for a position as
foreman. ; Address WINE, box 85, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— MAN ASSIST NIGHTWATCH, 6
•' feet' ta'l; - steady; sober; small wages; good
home. Address A. B. C, box 5. Call, Oakland.
"yOUNG GERMAN. GOOD • CARPENTER,
X cabinet-maker • and general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st. '
X INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eastern and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Coll office.
/CHINESE -WANTS PLACE; FIRST-CLASS
VJ cook, house worker and washer In - family; !
City or country. WONG HOON. 776 Clay st.
\\' INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaeeioand from the ferry.
p RADUATE OF STENOGRAPHY AND
vT bookkeeping desires a position in some whole-
sale and commission nouse; Wages not a particu-
lar object; best of references furnished. Address
B. R., box 74, Call Office.
T^IRKT-CLASS BLACKSMITH IN GENERAL
-T work and horseshoeing; can do a little wood
work; would like to have situation to no in the
country. Address S. S.. box 74. Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
1 "" Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8 per
j week: free hug and baggqgp to an. I from ihe ferry.
PXSMAUC UIiLP WANTED.
1 "Ter C man COOK, $30, GOOD placeT" 20
VT housework ■ girls, city and country. $20 and
$25; 6 young girls to assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLbN, 323 -utter st. ■ , '
SWEDISH OR GERMAN HOUSEWORK
0 girl: 2ln family; $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutler st.
i WAITRESS, HOTEL, COUNTRY, $23: CALL
! early. MISS CULLEN. 323 Suiter su
I pOVERNKSS FOR 2 GROWN CHILDREN,
VJT $20; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Batter.
ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN,
with a child, as wo king housekeeper, $15,
j Oregon, fare paid. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WOMAN OR GIRL FOR LIGHT IKlL'hK-
'» work, country, $10. MISS CULLEN. 323
gutter st.
p ERMAN WOMAN AS INVALID'S NURSE,
VJ $16 to $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler st.
i WOMAN WITH A CHILD AH WORKING
; '» housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN, 823 sut-
j ter st.
VRESCH UPSTAIRS GIRL, $15. MISS CUL-"
X LKN, »23 SutUT SU ,
COOK. COUNTRY, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Butter su •
TARCH-IRONER FOR STEAM LAUNDRY,
near city. $30; fancy lroner, hotel laundry, $30.
C. R. HAN SEX A Co., 110<jeary st. N
1 IEKMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRLS FOR
vJ hoifsework; Alvarados2o: Kruitvale $20; San
Leandro $-jii; East Oakland $20: san Lorenzo $20;
Alamedas2o; ranch cook $15; 2 neat second girls,
country. c. R. haNsi-;n <fe CO., 110 Geary sU
WOMAN; AMEKICAN PREFERRED; GOOD
'• home and treatment, to assist lady of the
house. 10 to 12: see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary sU ■ ;.-■■■■.* -
") WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTELS, FARE
A paid, $20: 2 neat waitresses, hotel near city,
$20; 3 waltressps. hotel In city, $15 and $20: wait-
I ress, springs, 820: board Ing- house cook, country,
■ $25. C. R. HaNSKN &■ CO., 110 Geary .it.
i HOUSEKEEPER, WIDOWER'S FAMILY IN
, XX a mining town, $20, fare paid; young woman
j cook for 7 men, $15; waitresses, $20:cnambcrmald
I and wait, near c!:v,$18: cooks, housework, etc
| MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay si.
I 2 GOOD CHAMBERMAID!*, SAM.'-. HOUBE,
iL. country, $20 and room; housegirl department:
German family c00k. 525, etc. ; German or Swed-
ish cook. $25. city: 6 German and Swedish girls,
$16 to *20: 8 girls for small' families, $12 to $15;
10 neat young girls to assist, $8 to $12. MAR-
TIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
W r ANTED — CHAMBERMAID, COUNTKY
" hotel, $'20, call early; waitress for boarding-
house. $20; 4 waitresses for hi. tel, $20: . cuok for
boarding-house, $25: girls for general housework
I for suisiiu, $20; Kureka, $25; Redwood City, $20
I and Meulo Park, $30; 25 Oerman, Scandinavian
; and Irish girls for Oerman and American families.
I $20 and $25; forewoman for -backer factory. J.
! F. CBOsKTT A CO.. 312 Suiter st.
| YV" ANTED— CHAMBERMAID AND WAJT-
»" ress, small boarding-house. $18; German sec-
ond and sewing. $25; French cook, country. $VJS;
French second, $-0. LEON ANDRE, 315 stock-
! ton st. „,. •;' . -, 1
i.) COOKS, $25 AND $30; COOK, SAN RAFAEL,
— $25; girl for housework, 2 in family, $25; sev-
eral others. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St.
X'OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; - private family; no children; with a
chance to learn dressmaking If desired. - ftS'j Post.
ANTED— GIRL" TO ~ DO~LIGHT HOUS&
work In family, of two; references required.
Call between 10 and 12 a. m., 1306 Hayes St.. near
Devisadero. ,
IfIRST- CLASS finisher ON -CUSTOM
' pants. 4111/2 Kearny st. ,
"OUNG : GIRL FOX LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X call after 9in morning. 110 Freelon si.
rANI'KD— YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO As-
sist with housework. Call at 1818 Kills st.
IK l. FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; APPLY
after 9. 1913 Devisadero su ,
VOUNO LADY, GOOD SINGER AND
X dancer, for Arizona; $90 per mouth. B. F..
box 2, Call < nice.
/ i IKL TO SET TYPE. 628 MONTGOMERY
\J sU. room 9. . .
/"I IRL FOR LIGHT. HOUSEWORK. CALL AT
VJT 1713 DupontsU
\'OUNG APPRENTICE WITH SOME KXPE-
X rienc? custom coats: good pay. 230 Seventh.
yOUNG GIRL ' (GERMAN) FOR HOUSE-
X work. 406 Sixth St., near Harrison.
WANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. r Apply SOUS Clay, near Broderlck.. :
T»7 AITUKSS WANTKD-THOKOUGHLY CoM-
»» petent and experienced waitress and honsc-
mald; not over 30 years old: wages $25. Address,
giving references, W. E., box 90. Uils office. :
YOUNG GIRL OR ELDERLY WOMAN ■ FOR
ligh: housework; a good home. 729 LarKin st.
IIEFINKD LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICK
XV business. Call 131 Post, room 21. • ■
QPKRATOKS. 32V4 FRKMOjNT BT. ~
ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable.. 4] o Leavenworth si.
HMRST-CLABS CO.)K: MUST HAVE CITY
references. , 1150 Fulton si., cor, ><-o:t. •; ■ . . .
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR GENKK.AL
housework. Apply Monday morning 655 Capp.
AHIbUKSSINU, 26c AND- 86c; MOi'.N INU
and eve classes: 101es8ons,$l-60. 1248 Mission.
pKRFKCT J:TrriN<*:AND STYLISH DKESsT-
Xv." making taught, 85 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist. Jack-
et and skirt patterns cv; to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy, 636 M nrket.opp. Palace Hotel.
TOADIES— FREE I FREE! LKSSO.N'S EVERY
\-j Tuea.,2to3: dresacnttlng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
Haik-d MESSING; manicuring LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell sU and 10^ Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND KKSPECTABLK-
■ JX; Winchester House, 44 Third st,, near Market ■
200 rooms; • 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 SO to $6
per weak; free 'bus and baggage 10 and from ferry.
_ MALE HELP : WANTED.
rT EA ? COOK.~3TEA^XNDi^>ASTJ?YrS6O
«v.. and room; broiler, city, $46: waiter, country,
*.1U and room; man ■an l" wife, ranch , $40, eta ; !
second baker, $30 a month, etc.; soap and candle j
maker: n;sn "'vusher. $5 a week : 2 cooks, country, :
*..!& and room; milkers, $20 and found. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market *U : -' -.'■--■.■
1 'SK M N WANTED T'»-D AY FOR DIFFER-
-oa. 5' positions, from $16 to $95 per month
and found; 6 laborers for a mine, $26 and found,
1 J? y JR? : '° '"rmei-a, orchard and vine ard
ha ids, $30, $25 ami $/0: 3 men to drive header-
wagons. $1 60 a day and found: 3 old men to hoe
in vegetable gardens. $15, see boss here; 20 labor-
ers and l teamsters, ci v worK. $1 70 and $1 60 a
ciay una $2b per month, board, room and bed: 20
rai. road teamsters, $1 6 i and $1 80 a day: 10 men
to pick fruit. $20 and found; 15 men to ditches;
10 woodchoppers for a mine, $1 a cord: 20 tie-
makers, Sc and 10c each: stableman; cook and w fe;
«-«?,° *>>, $35, 40 and ?60 . ._, ranch cooks: 3
*i?-Vi S l nd $2 0: 3 withers. $15 and $20.
1 L "" A B & , READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. ; '
W A fj D— EXPERIENCED SACK-SEWER
mo for thrasher. $3 to $3 60 per day and board;
man ° lend cleaner on separator. $2 per day and
."in 5 miners. $52 per month, part fare paid: 5 |
•♦"•'"'Sent laborers to learn mining, $1 60 per day ;
and increase; 5 farmhands. $26: man to milk 15 :
cows and do farm work, $25 per month: cooks, i
na.ters. , dishwashers; co boy on a ranch near !
c.i>, nrst-cass Dlace. $15 per month and found; i
goo i strong boy on ranch, $15 and found, and
others. -W.IXEWaR.fc CO., 626 Clay at.
( "Y£!}?- t A WIFKTFoR COUNTKY HOTEL, |
v-^s7otoso: second cook. $50: third cook, $30,
lor a summer resort; pastrycook and baker fora
summer resort. $40: cook. country restaurant, $40
and room; kitchenhand, country hotel. $30; 2
waiters ior summer resort. $26: waiter for springs,
■•i- ; 6 . WB lt * rB > hotels, city and country, $25, «30,
?do: dishwasher for springs, $20; washers and
Irouers, country laundries, «25 and $30 and found:
g°"« mr nd ,^ alt - *16 and found. ■■• C. R. H.VNSEN
& CO.. 110 Geary su
T?I>GERMAN, EXPERIENCED IN SUGAR-
±I Dine country sawmill. *60 and found; 10 farm-
ers.different ranches, $16,520, $25; milkers, chore-
men and others. jj. R. HaNSKN & CO., 110 Geary.
"CIRENCH COOK, RESTAURANT, $30; GER-
x man cook, hotel, $25; German cooks, private
families, $20 and $25. C. R. HaNSEN & CO.,
110 Geary si.
0 NEAT YOUNG MEN FOP. UPSTAIRS,
<- Dorter and house cleaning, flrst-clasa hotel, $20
an«l fonnd each. C. R. H ANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
W A - V .' XD — SIX RAILROAD-TIE MAKERS,
» ' good timber, 10c, see boss here to-day; 2 hoe-
downs, $2 day; sack-tender. $2 day;, cement-fin-
lsiier, »3dny : edgerman. $50 and board; furnace-
man, $ 6 and board; 10 farmers, $20 and $26;
butter-maker, small dairy, $26 and found: chore-
?.?J' 8 ,.0S «= OtUers - A PP'y 10 J - F. CKOSETT &
Co., t>2B Sacramento su
\V ' A N TKD-COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40:
.«i a" lestaur au< cooks, country ; waiter. country ho-
tei. .^.5; , dishwashers ana others. Apply to J. F.
(.ROskTT A CO., 628 Sacramento at. •
VV A .. rT. ISU ~ OWICE BOY FOR THIS OFFICE.
Sutter su a week. J. f. CROSETT & CO., 312
Sutter st.
W A ,-^'l' — SECOND COOK FOR SPRINGS,
" *4O; second cook for resort near city, $30;
cook, restaurant, country, $40; cook, private
boßrdinghouse, $40: waiter and oyster-opener,
$40; waiter for chophouse, $20: boy to help in res-
A H v r i!!',t z}% : valet and nnrse, $35. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stocicton St.
(' TIEMAKERB, GOOD TIMBER. SEX BOSS I
y here. 10c apiece; for I rlckvar.l, off-bearer, $2 a !
day, brickmolders, $2 50 a day, clay-temperer,s2
a day; second cook, hotel near city. $30; cook,
board lnz-house. country, $30; porter and black
boots, $7 a week: milker, city, $30. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608 and 610 Clay St. 'r
jyU.-iINKSS MANAGER FOR A SALARY OF
• ' about $200 per month: must be acquainted
with businessmen of San Francisco; those h ld-
Ing certificates of U. S. Industrial Agency please
calL Room 166, Crocker building.
Jg ARBER WANTED. 606 THIRD ST.
W ANTED— MAX TO COOK IN BOARDING-
.»*. house: per month. 739 Fourth su <■
OUD STEADY COOK WANTED; CALL
r early. 1807HaigatsU
PLUMBER. ONK WHO IS A GOOD JOBBER.
X T. J. WALCOTT. 680 Howard, cor. Second.
IV' ANTED— TYPEWRITER. 629 WASHING-
»" ■ ton st.
W' ANTED— BILL CLERK FOR WHOLESALE
• » house. Address P.O. box 2229. giving age, !
experience and references.
AN IN KM PI.. MENTOFFICK: RUSTLER I
i-'X and understand business. 122 Gear}' St. ■
WAN TKD— DISHWASHER. 560 HOWARD ■
»' street.
OY, 17 TO 18. HELP ON MILKWXgoN; $16;
German preferred. 1609 jiroderick, nr. Sutler.
l\ TO'IJACCU-STRIPPER AT HOFF-
" MAN & CO.'B,gaa Mark.?: st.
BOY WANTED FOR KITCHKN WORK; $10
month. Apply 229 Bush si., basement.
\\rAiTEtt WANTED. 407 mason st.; CALL
»' 7 A. M. ■■
BOY WANTED AT 9 STEVENSON ST., TOP
loft; apply Immediately.
\\T ANTKD— TO BUY LARGE BARBER POLE;
''must be cheap. 502i /2 Second st. .
T UNCH WAITER AT 621 JACKSON ST.,
■*-■* near Kearny.' ■ ■ ■
\\T ANTED— PARTNER WITH «200; NO XX-
*» perience required; $50 to $75 per month |
guaranteed; more than value' in s>ignu GEO.
I'UAKT, 60^ Market st. ....
FAKTXEK WITH $50 IN WELL-PAYING
cash business: clears $50 each. 235 Third st.
BAUBER-SHOP AND 3 ROOMS AND SMALL
XJ store: reasonable. 64a Broadway.
\\- ANTED- A MAN, SPEAKING GERMAN,
»» in a wine-bouse, act as barkeeper and inside
sa tsiuan; only one with (rood references need ap-
ply. N. A., box 7t>, Call Office. •
WANTED- STEADY MAN; PERMANENT
'» position; will be assured of at least $75 per
month; must be steady and have $150 cash. Ap-
ply BAILEY, rooms 1 aud 2, 917 Market sU
EN KOETIC MAN, WITH S4O CASH, CAN
XU secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dressing E. X., box 165, this office.
V^OR SALE — ELEGANT ANTIQUE OAK.
X 1 live-chair barber-shop furniture. Apply . 327
Geary st. .
IJAKBERS- 25c SHOP IN MINING TOWN
J-> for sale: the only one in town. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis sU
VI ANTED— FOREMAN FOR STEAM LAUN-
'* dry; must understand his business and be a
sober man: a good place for the right p<rty. An-
swer by letter and give references. Address box
95, Mercury Office, San Jose, Cal.
RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, *5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 60 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
Wl CHESTERHOUSK. 44THIRD ST..NEAR
''Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
■* some simple thin; to patent? . Protect your
Ideas; they may brine you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDKRBURN <fc f 0., D»pt. L. Talent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C 1 for their $1800 prize offer
und Us', of 200 inventions wanted. *
\ \ r E HA V i. A LOT OP DAMAGED SHOES
' ' selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off si,o«.* bought or exchanged. . 662 Mission st.
Tr.V ACME HOUSK, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
AP.BKRS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
i-> retary Barbers' As~o.. 102 seventh. 11. Bernard.
IJAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
** P«C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
AKBKKS' PROTECTIVK UNION EMPLOY- j
__ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.' !
IJAKKKKa 1 ASSOCIATION OF Al. KMPLOV-
-1 * men;. SeCy. p. c. Hamann. '.: 9' i.O'FarrelL
\\r ANT JED— FOB THE UNITED STATES
''.Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, ■ un-
married men between the asres of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate haDlts;. able to >. read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally dc-
cli red their intentions so' Decomi* citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cuisers. . For further information apply at the
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
"L'REE BEER— SCHOONERS FOR 6c: ALSO
X ii bottle of lager or steam, 6C, at 637 Clay st. ■
F IRST-CLASS CARRIAGE' STRIPER ON
X light and heavy wonc. Address box 95. this
office. ■ "' i hilllTlrTJlltrtlltHßliilirlWiltWr'^iWTllltWjiii
SINGLE JFUKNISHKD, ROOMS. 25o. NIGHT,
SI week. Itoaedale lions- , 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor. j
"1 (>(I lM X 'VO TAKK LODUJNU AT loc, 15c
X \iy and 20c a night, including- co«e« and rolls.
t^4 Washington au. near Kearny. ."..■'. . .'
ES.-KEKIOVKI) FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
« C ay : bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c |
"I" ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PKK NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Facia" -. below Kearny.
ASTHMA CUKE "gL'AKANTEEU: DR. GCR-
♦ V din's Chocolate Kmulslon. ■ 221 Davis, 11 r. Clay. >
I*l IX CITV- -SING' E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
1 25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff ats.
\\r *■ , AKE~hHOK : DOCTORS; WE REPAIR :
' ' your old shoos and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your • work i
at one-half the usual juice; done while , yon - wait |
662 Mission si., between First and Second sts.
BKsi PLACE IN THK CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes,: pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's —isn't and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ' •
ROOMs 15c To 76c PKR NIGHT: 600 TO *1 60
per week.' Oriental, 225 Drumm au ' ' ; . --. .
IV antFTd-^abohers. and mechanics
*' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150
large rooms; 25q per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week.
PALI- SHOES MAWSTOiOKDBR.FOn $2 50;
\J half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard st- nr. Sixth.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-» ' sis.; tingle furnished rms. 76c week; 16c night.
W! ANTKD.TO COLLECT WAGKS DUX LABOR
'' ■ erH<fccl erica. KNOX Collection A gey. 110 Sutter
Vl' AXTKD— MEN ~TO - Lr.AKN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue aenU; S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
ELCHO lIOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.-
liooms 20c., Ho, to 60c. night; $1 to $2 week.
— HELP ' • WANTED-Contlnned.
ANrED— siNGLK/ROOMSri6o^ "dayTsl
»«?ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading- room: daily papers. 36 Clay sU
\,l EN" TO FEED MANHATTAN sfOCKT6OD~;
_ i_". nil crpp°ra kei»n It,' ...".'-
-; AGENTS WAHTJCX*.
"PMPLBB LIFE. ~
'■ PURE LIFE— — .
—INSURANCE-— "
AT COST •*'•-'.
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
AGENTS-HERE'S YOUR CHANCE FOR
.«. cash; grasp it quick: the greatest campaign
book of 1896: outfits 25 cents; one agent reports
orders in three days. F. PKRSON, Manager
Subscription Department, The Whitaker A Ray
Co.. 723 Market su • ■ -
A GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
Gress' patent long-handle dustpan. 9\' 2 Eighth.
KOO3IB WANTED.
ANTED^2 FURNISHED" ROOMsTwrrH
"» a view, for light housekeeping; centrally lo-
cated; state lowest terms. Address Room, box 86
Call. ■ . . .
WANTEXI-3IISUEI.r.ANEOUS.
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE A PET DEER
for a bicycle. C. N. PARMENTER, Winters,
Cal. ■■ . ■■; - - •. :
ECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SKLL YOUR BOOKS. ULOTHINU AND JKW
0 elrv to a. KLEIN'. 109 Six:'. *'.: .vend postal.
educational,. —
ills" "college" TntTseminary be^
opens August 5; full collegiate, seminary and
academic courses: unequal ed musical and elocu-
tionary advantages: terms moderate. Address
MRS. GT. 31 ILLS, Mills College P. P., Cal. ■
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 716 POST ST.;
-ITI vocal music: piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a ape-
cialty; vocal classes Monday, 8 p. m. : $1 a month.
A TTBND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•TV su The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pea-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc, $1; books free.
AYKES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery au ; - Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
1- ELASCO'.-? LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-»■» Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage, R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
k.' chanlcal engineering, surveying, architectnre-
assay: estab. '64. VAN PKRNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
LOCUTION. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
caI ; culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. m.
A p. swain, AKTIST: CHTNA.TAPESTRY ;
. oil lessor's 50c 344 McAllister si.
OOKKPNO. WKITNU, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day & ni*ht ; noclasaes: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 89 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
XJ Berkeley: special classes tor the universities.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
In staging; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandolin, bacjo. 1707 31ar\eu
JOSEPH UUKVKN, VOICK-IMPKOVKK. 82
O Ninth st. - . ■ •
__' ' ~ IXAIUVO\ ANTS.
UCCESS A BSOLUTELY </v AKANTEEa
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M.L.CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,-
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating 10 the future, thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy at.
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays.
ME, STEWERT, SEVENTH DAUGHTER
or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
she sails for hurope: she guarantees to bring back
lost love: makes peace and happiness in the home.
Hoams 8 and 4, 917 Market st.
p ITANA THE GYPSY.
VJ" This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy a. d happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9to 8 p. m. 8 Turk si
MIiE. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
I recedented success in New York City, great-
est ■•"-' reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
chr.rms 10 all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
btocK^cn st. : elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, reader, born with a douo'e veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ETURNEU, WORLD-RKNOWNED M.MX
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells pas:,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
"\ J MX. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
ill the world: 50c and $1, shows you the olctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. RKNNER, GREAT LIFE AND PLAN-
et reader; 26 ana 60 cents. 1214 Larkin, near
Bush st. _
VI MJS. MORE BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
i-'X past, present, future; 250 up. 764 Howard su
VI MX. KAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
ii business advice; names glven;2sc up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE- READER: LADIES 25c7
gents 50c: all questions answered. .5 Seventh.
"XI ME. LEGKITE; PRKSKNT. PAST AND
l'l future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
1, EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH: FEE
• ' 25c 41 Minna St., near Second, basement.
ME. SYBILLE Ti-.LLS FROM CKADLK TO*
the grave: fee t:5 cents. -914 o'Farrell st.
A \VEjSK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THB
-f\ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mail ing.
-——————————-_ _. __
SPIKITUALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE. HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or ."down 1 '? If so
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living'
M Its. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, is
spin at her old offices 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if yon think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran- <
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
hlch above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered , and ' copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most suc-
cessful and Batisfacory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! ' FEK $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh.
■ / • San Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, "^ '
The world-renowned spiritual medium, stIU
continues to hold the public's attention 'by her
wonderful work. Thousands • have . been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by : follow-
ing her advice. Your life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and affiic;ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis Jrorn lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays: sittings $1. 1206 Market st.
HENRY CRINDLE, MATERIALIZING SE-
ance this evening; 60c. 1027 Market st. ; 8
o'clock. . ': - .Vi-, ; , .
rpEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG
X 605 McAllister st ; all skeptics Invited.
O-NIGHT™KATIE HELSE M A NNVJ GRAND
1 public test meeting. 328 McAllister i at.; ad-
mission free. .. V;. ..-„-. .*'; . . ;-■ . j
"T M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
■A. writer. 118 Halghtst ; hours 9 until 6 p.m.
FRANK HARTE. 1027 MARKET; TEST OR
X I ■ nopiy; fee. $1; 10 to 4. :' : ■ ;. . -
ishop. garrison, 1370 market; scan-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's., 25c. : 10 to 4 dally.
RS. KATE HOcKINS, TRANCK AND BUSf-
n*-ss medium: sittings daily -. . IHSQnksi.
astrology. ~~~~ ~"
A~~stlioi2>gy~a"n d^kdTcin^TnTt 1 vities
or questions answered: Prof. Howard 'B ' vital
remedies tore to perfect health. 311 Hyde st
10 to 3. ■'• ■ - ■-. . ■■-.■. .■■■■■.
STORAGE. yi ~ ~~
STORAGK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY • FlRK-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
■UU'KXITCKK. PIANOS. TRUNKS; AD-
XVvances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
AB. SMITH i FUK"NVIi;RE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fi' t»- proof bunding; Kastern -plan:.
'PK FJSSSIONAI. < \ UD-. :' ; .
ILLS. DEEDS, ETa L. G, ATT'Y
and Notary, 116 Market; re5.,' 2126 Howard.
TOHN K. i:ICHARDS,LAW OFFICES^ ROOMS
O as and 27, Crocker building; -- telephone Main
75, Wan Francisco, Cal. . ■ -- - "
JOHN R. AJTKEN.AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
attys at law, rius 516,516. sth floor, Parrott bide. ,
BUSINESS " CHANCES. , , „
IF YOU ' WANT TO SELL or BUY a BUSI-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Bi. Zxßfl ELEGANT CIGAR STORE, DOING
xipOUKJ . a fine business; th» rent is cheap and
the locality Is fine: it will pay you to investigate
this fine buy without delay to-day. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. ; , - J
Q27FL BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFEC-
«Ip I O. tionery; locality fine, business good, rent
cneap: this is a snap: must sell to-day. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■ .:
0 HORSES, WAUON AND HARNESS; GOOD
— express business; established trade. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall ;tve.
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let me show you some fine places at bargains;
call at once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffijQrn CIGAR-STORE; FINE LOCATION
«JpDUU. in th« Mission; cheap rent: only rea-
son for selling other business: it will pay you to
investigate this fine buy before the opportunity is
lost. T. LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
TVIINK CIGAR-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
-T plete; ■ line locality: cheap rent; see at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
! <Djl Qiui PARTNER WANTED IN WELL
I «D-LOW\7. known ' express transfer company;
nas cream of trade In this city: clears $300 per
i month: proprietor owns his own property, barns,
storages, etc.: has four fine teams running worth
$30U0; best business in this State, making sure
income; established 10 years: will exchange for
country real estate; grand bargain. STENBKRG
CO., 632 Market st.
1 ()'A GROCERY ON PRINCIPAL
O-l— O\J, street: large stock; cheap rent; liv-
ing-rooms; clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBKRG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. ' ■ ■ • ■ • ■ :
©1 finn BAKERY NORTH OF MARKET;
(FluW. baking three barrels daily: receipts
$250 a week; clears $150 a month; no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
1O C i ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
O 1 —■«-'. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
,£[•£. A/k WHOLESALE PRODUCE C M-
i&O\J\i. mission business; partner -.wanted
with rising young man having first-class trade,
clearing from $200 to $300 per month; well estab-
lished and paying, as will be proven by a thorough
investigation. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
ffl»Qp:/\ PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
tip V/. the nicest butcher-shops in the city;
elegantly fitted up; nice curt; doing business
strictly cash, clearing $40 per week: need not be a
butcher, as owner thoroughly understands the
business and will teach incoming man the same;
don't fail to investigate this. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market sU ' . ■ .--•'- ■-.
b]7?L FRUIT AND VEGETABLE: BEST
0 1 li». location: receipts average $15 day;
horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms. BAR-
RETr, 1125 Market st. ■ .■..-■■,
<C«Q')p: CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
iJDO—c/. laundry office: No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st.
ffijOA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
«If)Ovf . rooms; low rent: receipts $5 to $7 a day;
cigar stand. BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny at.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY
X man.:....... ..........$250
Corner grocery and bar at the Mi55i0n......... 750
Wood and coal,. Western Addition; bargain.. 250
Corner saloon, waterfront; owner sick -. 600
$175— Bakery, candy, etc., at the Mission; liv-
ing-rooms; furniture Included For bargains apply
HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
j£ A CORNER GROCERY and BAB
•iT—IUV/.in Western Addition: choicest loca-
tion: good business: owner must leave at once for
East. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St.
liO^A CORNER SALOON, WITH MILK
<jpOUV/. depot; clearing $125 per month; living
rooms. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
Q7^O. CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR STORE,
«25 I O\J. with club and 4 living rooms: in West-
ern Addition. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
]IQUOR-STORE AND FANCY GROCERIES";
-J prominent coiner on California st. : doins a
cash trade of , $600 per month; rent $35; full
value; owner leaving the State; a bargain. Apply
BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
fl;4?.n COFFEE SALOON; . BEST CENTRAL
'ip^xjyj. location; large business; low rent; Is
worth double amount asked ; best reason for sell-
ing. Rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
9A A BABE BARGAIN; FRUIT AND
+.\J\J. vegetable route of 180 paying custom-
ers: good horse and wazou; trial given until satis-
fied. SKIFF <& CO., 921 Market st.
ffij 1O " BRANCH BAKERY.CANDY STORE;
tjpX_U. 4 rooms. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
Af) A to $5000— party with ; this
1 U amount ol capital to invest in manu-
facturing business protected by United States pat-
ent: scope is unlimited either in United States or
Kurope; a large fortune can be made; the api» r-
atus is now in use in this municipality, but ca ital
Is required to extend the business: this is a first-
class opportunity, and invites investigation. Ap-
ply or address EDWARD SMITH, 19 City Hall aye.
KDWOOD TIMBER, " ; : i
FOR TIES OR A MILL.
Mendoclno County, Hollow Tree Creek, covering
both banks for miles; 3000 acres controlling 6000
more; never touched by an ax; will cut BOM
feet per acre; a first-class tract for railroad ties or
mill plant, being connected by wagon-road with
three landings on ocean; all down grade; perfect
title: stnmpage $1 per M with proper security.
E. W. SKELTON, 410 Montgomery au. San
Francisco. .
rp HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying investment in Northern California, nud
must be disposed of on account of sick ress. *or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal.
CjQfJA PARTNER WANTED: ACTIVE
«lpOl/v. man with above amount can ' find a
splendid opportunity to engage in a lucrative busi-
ness which pays large profits: Investment secured
by buildings and stock in trade; one partner un-
ab'e to attend to duty. Apply to H. COLEMaN,
918 Broadway, Oak and. -
I,'OR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSI-
x 1 ness, the well-known pork packing, sausage
and r-rovialon business (Hayes Valley Pork Store),
established 20 years: long lease, good cash trade;
will stand thorough investigation; no agents. In-
quire at premises, 427 Hayes st. ...
(&QXA COIINER GKOCERY AND BAR; 2
f£<JO\J. living-rooms: clears $90 monthly;
could be Increased to $125; rent $20: reason for
selling proprietor going East: no agents. Address
A. P. ADAMS & CO., Lind Vineyard Wine Cellar,
137 First St., city.
©1 Afin HALF INTEREST ESTABLISHED
«u>XV/l/w. country store, with good estab-
lished trade and a large stoock ; good chance for a
business man; one partner cannot attend: refer-
ences exchanged; trial given. Apply this office.
WHOLESALE BOSTON BAKED BEANS
''and brown bread; everything complete; can
get rich in 5 years if business is attended to; small
cash payment. 12 Adairst., between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Howard and Capp.
q-»9FvAA WILL BUY ONE OF THE MOST
*£)£.tJ\J\J centrally located saloons on Market
St.: a rare chance for two good, practical men: six
years' lease; now doing good business. Address
E. C, box 43, Call Office.
G;9P.A PARTNER WANTED; LOCATION
<TZiUU. near City Hall: $150 monthly guaran-
teed: : help wanted more than money. UNDER-
WOOD, 765 Market st. ..-..■
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
vT close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $10,000: owner will remain if arrange
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $600 TO $800
■ for a newly established bakery, confectionery
and coffee saloou: good chance for a good man.
Address A. 8., Call Office, Oakland. . :
CIHICKU.N RANCH FOR SALE CHEAP: 700
\J thoroughbred fowls, 80 ducks, 100 pigeons.
1130 Twelfth st, East Oakland. - • -
©1 P.A WILL BUY AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
<ff>X«Jl7 saloon, 'with 4. living-rooms; rent $15
a month. Call cor. Treat aye. and Thirteenth - su,
bet. Folsom and Harrison,' city. " ■■■
CM 4A A OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD
wXtvJVf. ing corner grocery, bar. downtown;
sacrifice: owner going East. Particulars at H£L-
BROS., 103 Powel. St. .
VIA ANTED— OF REAL JEST ATE,
'» cash -or mt'rchanuise for equity; 6-roora
houses. 335 and 367 First aye., near Clement st
1402 Devisadero tt. ■ ■ :
AIRDRESSTXG, MANICURING AND MED-
icated bath business in Oakland for sale or ex-
change for real estate:, bargain. Address Busi-
ness, box 82, all Office. -,-.;.
BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS FOR
sale cheap: sunny corner; 4 nice living-rooms-
large yard; side, entrance. Apply cor. Jackson'
and Leavenworth sts.' v ' . . "-..""
L IBST-CLASS RESTAURANT FOR SALE
X cheap: bonanza for right party, cause of sell
Ins;, sickness. Call on or address F. B. HOOSo\
ay wards,' Ca!. ■••---_- ' ? -
KSTAURANT; GOOD TRADE: BETWEEN
m 2 carhouses; rent only $17; well worth *400-
-»m^ K: reaBoD> \ owner ' s BickneM Sa
fl-^An LvBGE WOOD AND COAL YARrf
£OUU. boiler, engine and machinery ,o*^
Suffix" buBiness ' 8 WagODS - * none?, etc.
1 , A 2. PAR! NEK WANTED IN COALY Altn
must sell at once; offer wanted. O. "": box 76 Call!
IVyAVrKD-MAN.WI H> $3005 WILL <IIVP
$85 weekly; p^^ r ee. U #.^gj; l^ sl>5 I> ; v .'_^
Ji^lOO VjiKY "IEAP: SALOON AND 4
T^ XK M A OX LV ' M »»B UN IMPROVE D ItOTP r"
<B 1300 " O . D BAKERY IN * A BOOMING
i°g^ppiy C S| n o_| c 4 own -' BOOd reMOM ior **±
BUSINESS CHAN Continued.
OKHENT-LABHE.BASfi>rENr^^SALOOnT
completely furnished for business; low rent.
Inquire room 629, Parrott building, 825 Market sU
OOD CHANCE. FOR: RESTAURANT MAN;
IJT iflrst -class oyster and chophouse: _in best loca-
tion ; cheap ; owner leaving city. Jib Sixth at '
noEXKR STORE WITH i FIXTURES: 6
L/ rooms; large yard: good for grocery, iruit or
shoemaker; rent $13. 1 12 San Jose aye.
SALE, CHEAP-BUTCHER-SHOP IN
! X 1 the Mission doing a good cash business. For
' particulars apply at store, Kllis. ' - _
■:_r7C' PARTNER W AXTKD IN EMPLOY-
ES) 10. ment office; rara chance; prefers partner
to hired help. Call 128 Fourth st. ,
RUG GISTS ATTENTION — FIN E LOC A-
tlon; new store with rooms. Southwest cor-
j ncr Haiijht and Devisadero sta.
,;AKhHY AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FRO.M 3
IJ to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; full inspection allowed.
Centerville, A lameda County.
jftiffc .GKOCKRY. AND BAR: STOCK AND
<Jpl I O. fixtures: living-rooms.' Apply 7 Deca-
tur St., off Bryant, near Eighth.
UST SELu — BAKERY, STATIONERY-
store. with furniture; cheap; make offer. Ap-
I ply Call Office. . ■ ,
I OHICKKN RANCH: CHEAP; IN EAST
i VJ Berkeley. Inquire FRAZEK'S Grocery, Ber-
I ryman station. ' .
1? OR SALE-CHEAP; LOCKSMITH, MACHrX-
T Ist and grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003
I Mission st.
I TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
! X will pay 150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. . - '•-•
©1 P^(\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
«IblOU suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post at. ■.'--:.'.'
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 3.
AIRY AND PKODI7CE BUSINESS FOR
sale, cheap: 4 living-rooms. -1008 Hyde at.
"PARTNER WITH 8100 FOR GOOD BUSI-
X ness, by a woman. Address S., box 1, Call.
<stl OAA SALOON; OPPOSITE CITY HAL.
(|plt)UU. Address 436 Thirteenth st. -
ANTED— 3 OR 4 CHAIR BaRBER-SHOP;
city or conntry. Apply 817 Mission st,
T?OR SALE— A BARGAIN; EXCELLENT PA-
J per route. E. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
SALOON: LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. - ■
PARTNER WANTED IN CASH BUSINESS;
X small capital. 210 Drumm st. i
OOD CORNER CIGAR-STORE: ON AC-
■ count of sickness- Cor. sixth and Market ats.
LADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
Xj (German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
ELL PART INTEREST IN GOOD PAT ING
0 concern: 9to 2, 1949 Market st.
IKE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUB-
rant. corner of Fell and Stanyan sts.
OME BAKERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
LODOING-lIOUSES I'UU SALE.
mTsPECK^CO^ eu^'^lAßKETnsT!
. 10 rooms, G. G. aye, rent 945. $ 350
j36 rooms, completely furnished... .. ...:.... 600
58 rooms, genuine bargain, worth $3500 . . 1800
nOKNKR: 40-ROOM HOUSE; WITHIN FEW
\J blocks of 6 theaters: clearing about 200; of-
fered cheap for cash. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
I 1 -ROOM HOUSK, IN PAYMENTS... $150
II ■ 'JTz rooms on Market st .'. $600
I 45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to .$5OOO
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market. : : : '
IrLAT OF 7 WELL-FUKNISHED ROOMS;
1 must sell on account of departure; very cheap;
rent low. 46 Grove.
OOD - PAYING ROOMING - HOUSES FOR
sale. Call at The Portsmouth, 41 Eddy st.,
A. M. ELKINS.
% ROOMs7\VELLFCRNISHED; SOUTH OF
—1/ Market st. : one-quarter its value. Address
M., box 80. Call Office.
fflj ' r/l 45 ROOMS; FULL: CHEAPEST AND
I tJpOOVf. best-paying house in the city: easy
terms: come awl see It. 115 second st. ■
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
iJiJ rent; owner at building 2 to 3 p. M.
r*"IJKNITI/K_: tun &A__.
"T^LRTTs^anrr~ v ~^^~^~^^~^~ ~-~~~>
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets.... $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves ■ 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard ...; : 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we -an- conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
I NOONAN.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(U\ OAKP_TS; CHAMBER BETS, $11;
rtV/U moves, $5; parlor sets, $20; loldlns-hedi.
S1O; bed- ounces. $<■ T. IV MCCARTHY Hi 4:h.
~ j I^UIiNJ'AUKii \> AM'KI).
WANT" FURNITURE^ANb" OFFICE "fIX^
tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye. .
JC MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornla st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
IF YOU WANT GOOD PIUCEsS FOR FLTRNt-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkln.
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FUR.VI-
« tnre, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 11S5 Market; '.«■!. Jessie 761.
VA.li.trKT CLKAJfING".
TONES Ca CARPET -^LS^NING^ANtT
O renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
ARPET CLEANING, Be.; LAYING, 3c. : RU«
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Btratton, 19 Bth st.
Gl RBAT • WESTERN CARPET-BKATIXO
r works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. : tel. So. U.
/ TON KLIN 'SCAKPKT EATING WORKS. US
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, rn^-f. Tel, south 25X
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENO V ATE D~
Vy ilke new. FERGUSON <fe CO. 23 Tenth- t_
South 36. 1). MACKINTOSH <E CO.. anccesscirs.
J, E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO mi"
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7 L
J". MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
.ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
BIUSACAL. tAa>'-fJKUMje:.N-A'.j. ~
WE HAVE A NUMBER OF~GOOD 'pi ANoif
» » and organs of makers with established reputa-
-1 tions that we are dosing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called in from agents
I throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
I remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and socure & bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sis., Stelnway ren-
I resentatives. r
[ CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
], / small <g° o<l V at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York ; just the chance to buy a fins
: Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
I lay: violins, $1 S5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, S3-
-! antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
I cases for instruments, _ violin, outfits, etc : new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 923
1 Market St., Spreckels buildius. 
AS OUR NEW KENT CONTRACT PLAN
-n. permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
i month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stelnway representatives.
AN OPPORTUNITY f.i, 1 m i m OFFERED;|AN
-n. excellent upright piano, flue action and tone:
guaranteed 5 years: $126; delay and you lose it
Room 12. Flood building.
$1 00 , FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
j large Newhall up: $175 tor fine new
v' .lo'^i" nt once if you want bargains. MAU-
VAIS, 769 Market st.
XV? illiam O. badger," sole~agent~for
»,Tj the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis B*-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. "
pIANuS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THK F. W. SPEN-
CKK CO., 933 Market st.
I E _ ?OKt * BUYING *&& HAINE BROS.', BUSH
; ■*-* & Gerts and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. tA. L. BANCROFT <te CO.. 324 Pos; st.
nHHJKKiaNO,KXA_K, STJSCK.VOSE, STBR-
w lliig pianos; see onr new piano for $187: planoi
j ■or renu BENJ. CUKTAjI .<-• SON. 16 O'Farrelt.
ADEREWSKI UP RIGHT, LIGHT CAS X,5250
Hartman c> Sons'. $250,BUUENN'S. 223 Post.
j "L^INK MUSICAL ~ INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
■*- mer), $10; very cheep. 108 Shotwell st.
> <&iU} ' EMERSON; GOOD As NEW; SOLD ON
MP\J\J. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
"Li I X E CONCERT. GRAND PIANO, ALSO
X baby grand; cheap. 71 j Post st.
! Qt 1 OXBAROAIN:FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
<IPJ- «-»«->. IB McAllister at., next Hlbernla Bank.
L> YKON il.Vc.j4V, ;*t)» POST ST.-SOHMKB,
■■*-* Newbv «t Evans. .Hrlgcs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLIIANEW
»J H. ML'LLEK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Dlace.
E ,-> PEST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THB
V.' .wttkLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ace free
'_'>'!,'.„— w . :- - - 'physicians..' "■-. ■ : ..:
DESIOVED-DK. c. C. O'DONNKLL TO l_0«
I xv Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.' •
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
' his museum, w 1051 Market St.: his 30 year*
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
me worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ' -
TYPEWRITEKS. ~~
"DESUNGTON, $35; SMITH,' $60; MEND FOR
11 sample work. SCOTT & BAN N AN,333MntgnurROrSF.S TO T.KT.
Q9t 2-ST(>RY^~AV-wTCm)W^HOUS_
'- — ' '• too and bath. 121 Page st.
T« EMKNTS, 4 - KD 5 room ;Tio and
•^s:4. 812 Jessie St., near Ninth: key at grocery.
M XI :n X VIKW-1809 JONtS, »\ EAR VA-
j.ii Uejn: house 8 rooms and bath. -
I r»9O TAYLOR, OOK. Broadway-sun:
' u - u ny residence; 10 rooms and bath- fine
view; rent reasonable. Apply 11. MEYI.R, 929
Broadway. <, _ - . .
1 0 h . PAC - UiS " Utt , KOh "ALE; Vs CASH.
-» V bal. same as rent. McCabtity Co., §46 Mrkt
HOUSK-A ICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
10 rent by BALDWIN &■ HAMMOND 10
MontfOmfry st. - . '
VUItXISHKD MOUSKS.
7 7 OMPLET E^FURNISHEdIiOUSE ; 6 1 ROOM s 7
' bath: Cieart. 3933 Twenty- tilth, near church.
CUAl'AOli.ri Ui LiiT.
SO tn ''■■1 1 A OK 8 ROOMS. 18~PRo£
! .UV*. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission.
\feQ ?: COTTAGE: FLAT, $10 : BOTH
•jTO.-J .reduced. Owner. 1123 Valle]o a .
CtHEAP RKNT: FURNISHED 6 ROOM COT-
• tage; furniture sold if desired. 2439 Larkin st.
ENT CHEAP; SUNN 1 * COTTAGES; 4 AND
5 rms; bath, basement, yard. 15th A Dolores.
FLATS TO LIST. ~
QIC N I CE FLAT OF~7 ROOMS^TSfB
<Ip 10. bath. 404 Ninth st.
LOWER FLAT 3 ROOMS; RENT CHEAP
1238 Bush st.
QQ7 r\(\ SUNNY TOP FLAT 7 ROOMS,
I .t»v/. bath; large closets and cellar; water
free. 314 Leavenworth St.. near Ellis.
Tj"LAT; 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
X completed; reasonable. Southeast cor. Pag t
and Lyon sts.
C BOWIE. AVK., OFF ELEVENTH — a"
O flat of 3 rooms: cheap rent.
1 I 9AI FILBERT. NEAR HYDE— ELEGANT
I J -vg upper flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath*
grand marine view. .
tTPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS CHEAP; BATH"
J gas. 420 Lily aye., off Buchanan st. '■ . . ■
<^900F OMIJLETELY AND HANDSOMELY
•J-^^" furnished 7-room flat:rent»3o. 125 Grove
(£1 7 ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS*
«*px I . 5 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose ave.,ur. 24th.
A BIG-ROOM FLATS; $9, $10. TWENTIETH
tt ana Folsom sts.
om fort able l-LAT; 4 rooms and
_ bath, gas. 627 Ivy: key at 624 Hayes.
"©7 SMALL FLAT 4 ROOMS ON KIGH-
C? I . teenth st., pear Guerrero.
A 1 A HAIGHT — NICK SUNNY FLAT 6
tXXJ rooms: bath.
"L*INE BAY-WINDOW FLAT 8 ROOMS;
X bAth. b25 Howard St.. near Fourth.
Clft FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
XU. post st.. near Polk.
OQ7C AR3IY, NR.* SANCHEZ-JUST COM-
*JU I U pleted: 2 elegant flats; 6 ana 0 rooms;
rent cheap. ■ .
99f* TENTH— UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS,
•*-♦—" bath; yard: modern improvements.
Ql t* SEE THEM; ALL NEW AND|MOD-
'ffl-l-v« crn; 4 rooms: nice neighborhood: cars.
Sacramento and Broderici:.
Q-J Q LOVELY FLAT. 219 ELM AYE.,
<£).I_O. near (.olden Gate and Van Ness.
DESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush a:., beu Franklin and Goueh; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50. -
,1077 TWKNTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT:
ttv I ' I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard; son all day; rent $14; wa er free. '
iI«LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su
1 £s(W **TEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
IOW I flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
Of 'CO MARKET— FLAT Or 7 SUNNY
— UtJO rooms and bath; cheap rent; $18.
\'E\V FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
X\ water free. 529 Ivy aye.
"1/ LEG ANT NKW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Xj low itrvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 10 SI 6.
™ itOLtsLK-fciiFlNU KUUMa.
Brady Street.
| - .. -
79 BRADY, BET. TWELFTH AND THIR-
I— - teenth, oft Market— 3 unfurnished rooms;
cheap.
Bryant Street.
p.l 1 BRYANT NEAR THIRD — NICE,
OX X. sunny suite; $9 per month.
Bush Street.
91 1 7 BUSH-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
— <-l -L i for housekeeping; bulb.
; -.->_^V •- .-. j.iinv Mreo;. . — '
Q-| 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
t7 l I nicely furnished: splendid location; private
family. .. :,
firth Street.
QflQ FIFTH— NEW MODERN HOUSE; BAY-
window room; complete housekeeping;
others; $12. $15.
0 I A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OIt keeping rooms, bath, private, $9 and $10.
Qor FIFIH— CLEAN FURNISH HOUSE*
O^O keeping rooms; 2,310; 3, $13; single, $5.
> illmore Street.
ffl> I A S LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
Q X\J. family. 2212 Flllmore St., near Clay.
gES£ .Fourth Street.
4QI FOURTH — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
It/l nicely furnished; housekeeping; rea-
sonable. - .
boldeu liate Avenue.
99= GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 3 UNFURNISH-
— _>J ed housekeeping rooms: terms - reason-
able; also 3 furnished housekeeping rooms.
uuwara Stiee..
c -:q HOWARD— room furnished
000 for housekeeping: rent s 7. . '■-
rjO-\ X HOWARD— BAY WINDOW SUITE,
i Ol 2 kitchen: others: man and wife preferred.
Larkln Street.
AC)Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
'i —'J sunny housekeeping rooms; also single. .
Blason street.
8 MASON — NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
and single; from $2 50 up. •
iitAiiiner Street.
OAf\ MCALLISTER — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
OIU rms furnished-, call afternoon or evening.
Am j 1111 a - 1 r«e .
rAC MINN A — FURNISHED rooms for
O~l\) housekeeping; large yard. ' ' :
jiiktlon ■»■«■»•«•*.
QCQ MISSION— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
-000 plete for boustikpsr: private family;, cheap.
-1 999 MISSION— 2 OK 3 ROOMS FUR-
-1 £i£j£i nished complete for housekeeping; bath;
««• '. ■ mm
9799 MISSION— 3 OR 4 sunny FUR-
•— I — ■*-■ nUhed rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing; no bills out. - -
Ninth Street. .
c)f\ NINTH, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
—17 housekeeping suites; single: stove; gas:
bath; water.
Perry Street.
QjQ 4 FINK UNFURNISHED ROOMS: NEW
• •'• bouse: separate entrance rear. 263 Perry.
I'ost Street..
719 POST— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
I I — i rooms; use of parlor, piano; terms reason-
ably - -' " ■ ■ ■
seven' Mreei.
lOrj SEVENTH— SUNNY FURNISHED
J -DO front housekeeping rooms: single, $7; en
suite. $12. .-.-■■ ■■■ -
Sixteenth Street.
•>/•• i /.a SIXTEENTH — r URNISHEI) HOUSE-
OU'fU keeping rooms for ■ man - and wife, no
children, given In exchange for board for lady.
Mitt) n ri-«..
H)CI SIXTH ST.— LARGE. SUNNY, viCELY
4 — *' furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
2. f\ STOCKTON', X E. ( OR. GEARY, NR. EM-
ZUU port 11 m— 2 or a sunuy, unfurnished hskpg.
. ..nil Stree '
•>O ; THIRD-2 UNFURNISHED ' HOUBE-
. J.i f keeping looms; water; with good accozn- j
modatlon:'s6. ' ' . ■-.."'-*■
1 we If Ih Street.
1 99 TWELFTH, RET. HOWARD AND 1118-
J—_ -ion— 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
"Was hinitton ■ ' - treet.
Cf »9 WASHINGTON — SUNNY U N U R-.
•' ! ' — ni iiii-i; housetc-cplnsrooms running water.
SsTOiJiiS IU.'LKtyJ
TTr^pTiß^ToNTH^^oT^
'TOO basemen ; 632 Commercial st.. near Mont-
gomery; 2i> feet front by 60: good light In store;
steam shaft in building. Apply to JAMES A.
Ujutk, room 11, tenth floor, Mills building.-. :■■-;:
IAROX STORE AND 4 . i.I VI NO-BOOMS;
-* yard and shed. 537 Howard su
"DUTCHERBHOP FOR ■ RENT; A SPLENDID
XJ locality: fixtures all complete: low rent. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSKN «fc CO.. 14 Moctgomery st.
STORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent.
■ -
__ _ BOOMS TO LET.
Clementina Street. "
4043 CI.EMENTINA-FUKNISHED" ROOM.
j»^tt4 with use ot parlor. $3 60 a month.
,'X.iJiillh Street.
CnERMAS ATAKTMENT HOUSE. W ftTH
kj su. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
1 if<li Street.
9^o FIFT ST - NICELY ' FURNISHED
— 'OV/ double and single.
Fulton Street.
FULTON HOUBK, OPP. CITY ALL— FUB-
X nlahed rooms, s'agle or en suite: $8 and $1 6 up.
i.IU v Street.
Jl EDDY, ; COR. MASON (THE PORTS-
-o*:- mouth)— Nice rooms- for gentlemen. $8 to
fr-iU per month; parlor; piano; central: telephone.
A. M. KLKINS.
I 40 d, KDDY— (THE MARLBOROUGH) NEW-
TV/X-iy furnished rooms: suites or single: ail
modern conveniences: . suitable for doctor or
dentist.
l\9f) EDDY— SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS. FROM
rJOKJ $3 50 to $4 per month. .
- «'»»• *•! -CO .
QOQ ELLIS— SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
*~ <Jw to one or two persons; no children;- refer-
ence required. ■ ' ■ '
nMiK KAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATES.
-*- HART, manager— A qniet house; centrtiily lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot. <& cold water.
091 ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
*J*u 1 lodging we recommend theKosedale House.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
' »— _ CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
Inp, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
iicurTMrtii)..
9*l 71 GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
*-■• J- I 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
801 GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS .
U\JX central; reasonable; elegant new corn r
flat.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS:
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary at., BW. cor. Van Ness aye,
throve Street.
m GROVE — BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED
J-VJI sunny front rooms; newly renovated;, rea-
sonable.
Harrison Street.
9£l Q HARRISON — 4 ROOMS; RENT »9;
~\JXO water and ashes free.
.no-ward (street.
T9OQ 1 HOWARD-CALL AND SEE ELE-
X*-V/t/a gant furnished rooms; new flat: rent,
cheap.
£>9Q HOWARD — SUNNY SINGLE aND
IJ— --J double rooms, reasonable; gas; bath.
QOq HOWARD — SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
OVO suits: running water and gas; quiet; from
$2 50 to $3 per week.
Oonea Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny rooms; private. -
907 .'ONKB- THK VAN WINKLK: NKW
mU\J I management: flegant • sonny suites < and
tingle: newly iorulshed; bath, etc; SlO to »80-
A-«=i»rny strwo^.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
\UE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
*' Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny su
Lark in Street.
Q(\A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY ROOM,
*JWX neatly furnished, housekeeping, 87.
1 09.1 L * "KIN— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
- 1 yJ— *J niahed room $7 per month.
A*MrJf»r - iv«..
XT OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
■1 night, 85c to $1 : week, $1 50 to f5: families.
Mason Street.
€>9£ MASON— 2 ELEGANT ROOMS, SINGLE
O— 'U or en suite, $12 and $25.
. ->»iii:-.B street.
Onn MINNA, COB. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
\J\j I nished bay-window rooms; 81 a week.
-'iib».on >iree».
C/»1 MISSION, NEAR SECOND — LARGE
*J\J 1 front room suitable 2 young niea or lady in
store. .
"I 09<l MISSION — SUNNY FURNISHED
XV/^jo: bay-window flat; 2 rms: bath; by month.
- ~SintU Street. - j j
9QQ NrNTH-NICELY~FURNISHED COR-
ZdxJiJ ncr bay-window room: also single room.
Oak Street.
"I A OAK — FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOM-
Xtt suitable for 2 gentlemen. "~~ ' — ■ ~
O'lurreil Street.
49?: O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms for rent.
\ - Post Streej.
f>9Q POST -DESIRABLE ROOMS IN PRI-
\JmUO vate family; reasonable.
-AX POST— NICELY FURNISHKD SUNNY
I \JU rooms: single and double: reasonable.
sixth Street.
COQ SIXTH— TWO UNFURNISHED SUNNY
kJZ.O rooms, with cellar, for man and wife; $6.
inner nee .
Cl A 6UTTER-FOK DOCTORS OR DEN-
*JXrX lists, elegantly furnished suite cheap.
OAO SUTTER— FI'KNISHED ROOMS OR
OUO suites. $1 25 to $10 a week; night, 26c to
$150; transients solid.
f\(\(\ WITTER— NY FRONT SUITE, FUR-
*J\J\f nished or unfurnished; also single, fur-
nished. .
70*-} SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I vu newly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or
single. . • • •
70/» SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
I —'V' ny rooms for gentlemen; private.
V  - . Thirteenth Street.
41 Ql THIRTEENTH, NEAR VALENCIA—
•IXU3 sunny front room; gas; board op tonal.
'lurk ,s trees.
QA/11 TURK, COR FRANKLIN—
Ovj2 and single rooms; $6 and $8. . .
Miscellaneous.
TN PRIVATE RESIDENCE. VAN NESS AVK.,
X sunny single rooms, $7: references. Address
VAN NESS, box 75 Call Office. .
isoAitm.No am* scoojca.
Tv r IDO~W~wbm,D~LiKE T WO~OR~THREE
»> steady boarders. 403 Sixth st., bakery.
Q9J GEARY — COMFORTABLE SUNNY
t7— (7 rooms and bath; with board. Tel. X 958.
OOM AND BOARD $20, AT 1509 DEVISA-
d.ero St., near Geary. ■ -
pOLUMBIA HOTEL— BUCKLEY, FOR-
V merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.; meals 25c
THE STEWART, COR. EI.LISAND LKAVEN-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
OTKL BKKTLINO. 714 i.LSH- A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; : all mo<l-
«>ni convenience*. • ■ ■ •" .
L Ul LI) IiOAKUKD.
A^ v _^ - _^,^
1 797 MCALLIBTRK-A REFINED HOME
I l-l forc/iild: fine care; terms moderate.
OJ-iiC—S C TO : LKT. .
S^~PRKCKk7^ mjUAJl7i(?r^7 mXuKKT^"
Elegant srnnv office*. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
_—_—_——_—_-
proposals.
tJroposals "for wh7tkning and tint-
X ing scboolhouses — Sea proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
28, 1898, at 8:80 o'clock p. it., for whi eninu and
tinting tbe classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
name 1 school 1 bill dings in the city and county of |
Han Francisco: Broadway, Buena -Vista, Cleve- :
land, Clement, Cooper, Coiumbia, Crocker, Den- :
mar '-Edison, Kmerson, Everett, F.iirmonut. i
Franklin, Fremont, Garfield, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, Haigh , : Hamilton, . Hawthorne, - Hearst,
Henry Duratit, Horace Mann, HumboldU Irving,
John Swell, Jefferson, Lafayette, ' La Conte. La-
guna Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow. . Lowell High,
Madison, Marsh -if. Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean ' House. Pacific Avenue, Pacific Heights, -
Peabody, Polytechnic Redding, Richmond, Kin-
con, Sherman, south Cosmopolitan,- Sheridan, ,
South . San Francisco, .Spring Valley, Stanford, ,
Starr King, Satro, Washington, . Webster. West j
End, Whit ler and : infield scott schools: all
work to I. e. done in accordance « i n specifications
on file at the storeroom of the School Depart ment,
corner Pine an. Larkln sts.- Each . bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the : above-named ■ buildings. The board - reserves
the right to reject ' any .or all bids as the public
good may require. ' • f • ■ • •• •■• •
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.'
PKOPOSA FOR A STONK BULKHEAD—
X -ealed proposals will be received by lie Super-
intendent of Common Schools in open session of
the Board of Education, new City Hall, San Fran-
cisco, on ■ Wednesday, Jalv< 22,- 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. m.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at '■
the Lafayette ? Primary -School, in 1 the City and I
C'oniity of San •Francisco, In .accordance with the j
specifications (and ■.« the conditions .■ mentioned
therein) at the office .of Churl r-s 1 1. Havens, archi- 1
lee of the board,' room 65, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market stree a " The board reserves
the right ■ to . reject any or all bids as the public
good may require.
: OtOBGE BEANSTON, Secretary. ,
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
PERSONALS. , -
MY SON, GEORGE D. MKHRILL. REFUSING
. to held positions obtained for him, i hereby
■ derlare myself bo longer responsible, from this
date, for debts contracted by - him. . W. F. MKR-
RILL, July 12, 1896. ■.-, .;
I ITTLEGIRL, UKAI'.S, OF GOOD PARKNT-
J age, for adoption. L. G., box 41, Call Office.
ADVIU- FP.EE; UlVOllfh LAWS A SPE-
clalty ; private: no cbarce unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc, at*
tended to. ».W. HOWE.af.y-at-law. 850 Market st
LINCOLN BROS..CASH GROCERS. 226 SIXTH
st , middle of the -block— Eggs. 100 a dozen;
butter. 20c a roll; picnic hams, tic Ib: Husar-cured
ham, he lb: 3 lbs new cheese, 25c; 3 cans salmon,
25c: flour. a suck: cornmeal, 20c a sack. LIN-
COLN BRQ.s., 226 Sixth St. -
01 >L> JOB COMPANY, 1028 "MARKET" ST.,
do job work in all branches, guard dwellings
and her property at a moment's notice; tele-
phone Mint, 601. WISE <fe KEKNII AN.
ALICE — THAT ACTRESS WHOSE HAIR
you admired so much had It dressed at G.
1 LEDERER'H, 11l Stockton St., for only 25c:
1 LtDERKK also sells that "Quinonia" hair tonic
j which 1 told you about; he does good work. EO.
SURK CURE FOR POISON OAK. - RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: ' eczema re-
lieved; improves complexion; externally applied;
Rent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco. Cal.
"I EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WIiH-
-1--I out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFttESS, 402 Montgomery St.. room 18.'.
IGOLTDOOM STi.KEOPIICONSHO ISVK-
ry bight cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of bu*l-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-"» can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress poods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. . ROTHS-
CH ILD's, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to 91 60 per night: (1 50 to *8 per
week ; free bns and baggage to and from the ferry.
Vl RS. THOMPSON, HAIRDRESSER AND
-LM- manicure; lessons given. 230 Kearny st.,
room 14. •• .
\\7~ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRIT TAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
MKS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
J-'A clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charjee;
purest toilet articles. I*^6 Kearny at., room 47.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed* parties, $15 upward. * Cut-rate
■Tutoring Company, 1117 Market St., bet and
lADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner capital. 122 Post St.. , r. 2
KAZOK-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V: FINE
edgeputonrazor,2sc. Razor Exchge.63oMarket
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
CILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manofra' cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
flrv, etc: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
StSTROZYNSKL LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
01.D GOLD. SILVER, <i KNITS' AND LADIES'
clothing bough:. rOLMAN.'si 3<l. cor. .lps<itJ
IiitKSS3I Ahi)l!S.
HESaES?2"up^SvRAPPERs'sj"cENTs"'uP;
lawn $1 up. 6053,4 Natoma st.. above sixth.
BICYCLES.
BICYCLES (FALCON AND SIAUCU) IN
X) good condition; »10 to 830. 1571 Market st.
TIANDEM; BRAND SEW; '96: $150: SELL
for $100. F. R. GRANNIS &, CO., 609 Market.
JUST IMAGINE A HIGH-GRADE BICYCLE
for $10 and upward. 306 Post st.
OECOND-HAND STERLING AT EPTION-
-0 a.ly low rates and terms. 314 Post sU
ECOND-HAND .WHEELS IN ;. PERFECT
0 order: terms, cash or Installment: Crescent.
*25, Cleveland $30. Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Beu Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM, ALMOST NEW,
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post st. ,
T WINFIELDPKAHSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
t* . Headquarters Ln-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
Qi: ,N K W FALCON ; HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
*J*J $55 each; half price: few left. GKORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market at.
DARK CVCLERY— NEW WHEELSIfI _ET?
J- best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alllster and Powell at. car lines. :
*' UjLt JSALK-MISOKLLA.N tiu ;
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAUES an'dHAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage Compan> ,44-J Sixth.
j I/ 1 A MIL V COW FOR SALE: CHEAP] 8??
X' Florida st.. near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
• "pACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H. P.: PERFECT
j X order; 2 Adams prtg presses: power 516 Mission
! "LOR BALK— PATENT FOR . HE LATE WIL-
I X Ham Klford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E, ELFORD, 14U6 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
GOOD CASH REGISTER. ..MAGUIRE, ISO
T. Baoiome St., room 9. ■-, . - = ..-
NE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP
Apply 2109 Lark in St., after 6 P. if.
CO U T i S. SHELVING, . SHOWCASES
/bought and sold. 1121% Market. bet. 7th & Bth.
ARtJAINS TYPE WRITKKa:" ALL JIAKKS;
write for prices. Typewriter Kx., 310 California.
OILKRS,KNGINKS.2D-HAND MACHINERY
XJ waterpipes. Mclntosh «fc Wolpman. 137 Beala.
I UILDINiiS BOUGHT; LLJiIiKK, SASHtJ
I ' doors, mantels, etc f^r sale. 1166 Mission.
0" NX ft-MALL MEDIUM' AM) I.AKBK SIZB
lire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Marke: *,-.
is 1 5 1. AND BURGLAR bAFK. lkttkk-
X press, platform scales and dc»k:caeap. 102 Clay
\'KW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
-L'l hand. %V. a. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California it.
SEWING MACHINES.
A ll kinds BO UG HT, SOLD. EXCH aNQKb."
XV rented, repaired : lowest raw. fourth it.
_.^j UOKsKs. •:
IfOR ATTiTmsTT^E ARS " OLD 7
X sired by Eros 6326: named Ska-iit: first dam
by Imp. Kelpie, thoroughbred; second by Nut-
wood, third by St. Clalr: very promising; will be
sold cheap. Inquire at 347 Fremont su. In rear.
ARGAIN — FOR ~ SALE: FINE FAMILY
XJ team; dark bay horse, 16Va hands high, 6 years
old; very stylish carryall and harness: almost
new. E. BROWN at Otis «fc Co.'s, 318 Montgomery.
BAY M > RE, SOUND AND GENTLE: RIDEs
and drives: $40. 1059 Market su
\* r AN ED— A FINE GKNTLE~HORSE FOR
»t a baker wagon. Call at 517 Montgomery st.
BIG HORSE AND EXPRKS3 WAGON FOR'
sale cheap. 1 128 Folsom st.
T\ APPLE-GRAY OAITRIAGE-HORSK OF UN-
XJ qnestlonable merit: $100. M. A . box 12, Call.
ONE HORSE AND WAGON CHEAP. IN-
qulre 1619 Powell sU
JUST ARKIVKD-20 HORSES; FINK BUSI-
*J ness horse and buggy ; 885. 510 Van Ness.
LEI BOLD HAUNKaS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our • wu make, of ever, de-
scription, for li ss money than you can buy Ea tern
trash; send for catalogue. 11 ) McAllister St.. s F.
1 crj SETS NEW AND SECONDHAND HAR-
X%J\J ness, all kinds; wagons, tuggles, surreys.
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission s;
;nn skt new and skcond-hand har-
*J\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wairon, carts, sarrey
•ferockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~AC\ HOUSES >Ort SALK; ALSO WAGON."*,
J" bugeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade lions
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN - DOYLE, Auctioneers.
OR-_S PASTURED; SKNii lull UIRCU-
I«r. '•■ H.vdo i:>ni-h. fi:-t() <omm<frclal il
M AuOiia A.AAJ CAAi.ItXAU_-i. ~
F" OR SA LE —CA RRJ A«E," HA RNES9 AND
matched team, chestnut ■ nones: also horses
buggies, etc. New York Stables, 607 Je.-sie su, near
Sixth. • ■ ■. --.■/.
PRINU-WAGO * Ft >R SALE— 3 BOARDMAN
place, off l:ryant, bet. Sixth and seventh.
ECO.nD-HAND PEDDLERS' AND DKLIV-
ery waions. 1013 Harrison st. '
■ LOR SALK, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
-T carriages ; of every desc iptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., 8. F.
LIOHTLV SOILED DRIVING LOVES;
kJ samples. H. M. UKINEMAN, 109 Sansome st!
TVJKW AND SKCOND-HAND BAKKRS', LA UN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wastons: also rocicaway
and 2 fine bnusrle*. 828 Harrison st. - .-
- DUMIsTS. > ~~~
/-KOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATToxT7»97rAR^
: \J ket st.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for palnle<s extraction*: artifi-
cial teeth from 5; fillings from $1; extracting 60
cents, with gas $1. ,-
L'IRST -CLASS DENTISTRY: - FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices; firstrdasj. results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5376. W. C. 11AK-
DINC. CM.. M.D., 600 Sutler St., corner Powell. -
1 R. LUDLU.H . HILI,, 144,< MAKKKT ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GKORUK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge, work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 u'Farrell su
I*|U.i* T. . RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLEB-*.
XJ crown ' work, bridge work and ■ teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ava. -
(_7 A >ET toil Tr.ETH: WaRKANTED AS
tiP I good as can be made: rlillnz $1. Dr. SIMMS,
ntlst. 030 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. . :
PAINLESS KXTRACTION. ■'. 60c;- CROWN
,X< bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: II veari
experience. B. L. WaLsH. , D.D.S.. bls><4 Geary.
.-, K. DUCKET I', 1703 P1.1.-.T ST.. NEAR BO-
I ' cn«nan; gas given; crown and bridge worK. -
•.•ULt. , oil i- Of liii.m, $7; AUKAN I'KU
X live years, l'l'.. V. VA LS Y . '_' 1 Sixth su
SET OF TiSKTH WITHOUT A i-i_A.TK. UK. iL
<.. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si. ' .
01/ roN DKNTAL ASSOCIATION. bOo iIAU- ;
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER -^
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COB, GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open : evenings; Sundays Ull noon.
'_'___ CITY REAL ESTATE.
BIG VALUE — - v-.-..;-..-
IN GILT-EDGE PROPERTY
AN ELLIS-STRKET CORNER.
Ql 3 flfin 2, STORES; 1 FURNISHED
■ «3) -1 O.Uv'U. with bakers' ovens, and 2 flats of
4 and 5 rooms and- bath: all ;in good condition;
.rents $1200 per annin.: corner lot 37:6x87:6 feet
to rear street; three frontaaM: very easy terms.
EASTON. ELDRIDIiE CO , •
' - - 638 Market su
DECENTLY REDUCED. ~ ~ ~
■"■*•• ; ELEGANT LOCATION\ HOME.
ELEGANT LOCATION.
(Jjinnrtn A HANDSOME RESIDENCE
iS) 1 U.UUU. of 10 rooms, bath and conserva-
tory on California s'... bet. Van Ness aye. and
Franklin; lot 26x137:6 feet; reduced foe imme-
diate sale from $12,000. .
■ EASTON, ELDRIDfJB &CO .
- - - . . 638 Market st.
ONLY $1000 CASH KJSQPIRED. " ~~
ELK.iANT FLATS.
SACRIFICED FOB IMMEDIATE SALE.
OJQX/1A 2 HANDSOME MODERN FLATS,
<t]p UOKJVJ. nearly new, of 8 rooms and bath each,
on a corner facing the Park panhandle, beautifully
decorated and elegantly finished inside and out;
entrance on different streets, to each flat: Jot 25x
91 :2 feet: mortgage of $8500 at 7 per cent Interest
can remain. ICASTON, KLDRH GE t C0..
.638 Market st.
MODERN HOME - -.■ ...... .-.. ■
. IN THE WESTERN ADDITION
MARINE VIEW. . ■ 7:
<8i f AC\i\ HANDSOME 2-STORY RESI-
<JpT*±U". dence of 7 rooms and. bath on Bu-
chanan st.: only 6 years o'.d; in Al condition: por-
celain bath tubs; everything new and modern.
EASTON, _LDRIDGK A CO
638 Market st.
TMNE INVESTMENT. ■ ■ .. -..-;-- -v 
r • WELL BUILT FLATS
ON A LAGUNA-STRKEI' CORNER.
Qj^nn. FOlJK Fl-ATS-.OF 4, 5 AND 6
tjptic/vl/. rooms and bath; Improvements
nearly new, and In first-class condition* lot :il:3x
100 feet. EAbTON, ELDRIDOK A C 0. ,:
. 638 Market st.
AUGAINS IN [ ~ 7 " ~ "
-D ■ ■ COZY HOMES.
EASY TERMS.
PO/f (\(\ HANDSOME COTTAGE OF FIVE
<t3P-^ ttUv/. rooms and bath on Douglass st., near
2-ith:in fine condition; handy to several car lines;
lot 25x126 feet.
<wonnn new- modern COTTAGE OF
v Uu, 6 rooms and bath: on West aye.; one
block from Mission-sU cars; lot 25x125 feet- terms
l 4 cash.
©1 Ann well-built COTTAGE OF 5
•apittUv. rooms and bath in the Western Addi-
tion ; near Union aud Buchanan ; lot 26x85 feet.
CUT Of\n EACH: TWO PRETTY COTTAGES
tJP-L^Uv/ 4 rooms and bath each; well built and
in good condition: In the Falrmount Tract: lot
25x100 feet; terms $-00 cash; balance $16 per
month. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
, . - . e3B Mantel su -
A SELECTED FEW. . -- . - . 
SPECIAL BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTS.
§3600. 1 7i o * : ; PBEBIDI °
$3500. g$F s_ " BTEE * KR . 2 °-
-5F3000. To A o GE S '^ R - FILT ' MORE; 25 -
-<K9700 TWENTY-FOURTH, NR. TREAT
«£_■ 4 UU. aye.: 37:6x100.
©2500 * 2 J - OTa IN a-^ BLOCK 1092.
CPOOXA COR. SIXTH AYE. AND B ST.;
JJM^Dy. 32:6x100.
©1 COO TWENTY-SECOND ST., NEAR
<3)IOUU. Church: 60:11x114.
O'^O FODKTIr , AYE -> NR- CALIFOR-
«J)IUJU. nla st.;. 25x120.
<S7^ri TENTH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA
«J) I O\J. St.; 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' ■ __ Market st.
TTO! FOR FITCHBURG!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
. BUBO, SAN LEAN DKO AND -
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
TH FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FKUITVALE IS THE PLACE. FAST-
. EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AN TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fiicliburg bcorcln r. Hay wards Electric :
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the !
earth, stay where you are. People get well. De- !
come cheerful, contented and prosperous In Fitch-
burg. ■ „•
Fitcbbunr Is the moit promising suburb on the .
direct-; line of up-to-lne public and private Im-
provements in me vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. - Its railway 1
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for 1
freight by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roads '
leading to It, are incontestlble proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with 1
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen .
groves. 1
• NOW IS TOE TIME TO BUY. ■
For a borne while cheap; for speculation on a ris-
ing market; for a turn be firs', for investment now,
and hold on. No clt taxes to pay: no street Im-
provements to 'make. ■ Water supply from three 1
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cbeaierrates and on easierpayments than
can be bought for in many of the one-street tracts
Off In an inaccessible hayfield.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. ' Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments In easy installments;
title perfect. :
W. 1". McCLURE, 39 Montgomery St., 8. F.
THAD.S. FITCH, Fltchburg.
T3EAUTIFUL LEVEL HOME LOT, NEAR
Xi cars; 400. THE McCA V CO., 646 Market j
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $276 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission st.
SAN KAFAKL LOT, 75x130; WORTH *3000;
0 for $1600: street accepted: 2 blocks from de-
pot; me st lot in town. J. It. ROC E. >an Rafael.
I'ltOf.ttiirx TO. tACuA>UtS. •
tstTTori'jo.ooo!"
*J\J\J 20 housrs and lots, from »1250 to. . "10.000-
-60 ranches, all s ect, from 100 ;o 20,000 1
2U bouses. Oakland 11 d Alameda, $1000 10 H. OOO
•«!5 lodgiuK-houses an( hotels, from 1200 to 3,000 '
WHAT HA Vn.: YOU 10 OFFKR?
1 SELL AND KXCHANGK :
All kinds of property. ■ — — ; -
H. C, DKCKKR. 102J Market St.. opposite Fifth.
0 STORf.S, 7-ROnM KLAT, NEW: AND '
— (clear) In city; cxc! afge for mortgaged prop-
erty. H. c. DKCK K. 1020 Market.
CjXi \(\(\ i(< " ACKKS l-OOD LAND: WILL
firO' '\f\'m exchange for good livery stable or
other paying business. GKQ. SWAN, 720 Natuma.
6 LOTS;: BVRART TRACT, NEAR KLM~-
hurst: to exchange for house and lot. Oakland* ■
will pay difference. R., box 4, Call DfUce.
"L^OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
-1 <-rty. 60 acre.4 near San Jose, Cal.: */a orchard
In bearing, 1A bare land: cash value ?'Ji,OOO. Ad- '
dress 14 L. 8.. box 11, Call Office. - ■ ■ .
IOOM ACRES TIMBER LAND, KKRN CO.;
I—' '» water: line l-.r rat •■■r .■•> ; n-. N..hx. 1 6.Call
UNJb k 10 LOA.v
NY' AMOUNT ON ' BONDfV DIAMONDS,
watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments: interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. '.•■-• - - - .
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS*. WATCHES.
jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN - JiiWtLKV
STORE, b4H Market st. : open evenings
Oji nn l\(\f\ TO LOAN, i i iy, AT *}%-. also
•Tl UU.U Oakland and couatr.r, life In-
snrance, real estate in i.robatp, small or large sums
bHAINWALD.-BUCK.iIEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. -V ' • •
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTF.H-
<*st per month for each 1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. ■ Coin, box 2.' Call.*
ONKY. LOAN KI) ON JJiWULKv AN U
1W other valuables at the ° Security ■ Loan Offi:**.
llU6MarketBU.nr. Mason: private >ntrtnct» 7 Tur*. '
1 \IRECT ON YOU It FUKNITURK OR PIANO:
Xf no removal: no delays; no commission-: low
Interest. . Km. 68, .Donohue 'Dldg, 1170 Markets*.*
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2U or 3D MORTUA«iKI
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In Dro-
bate. McCOUU.V. %l iioincoi-.-r.-. room 3. ■
IBT &2U MUKIIiAUKS; l.M'Kl'.Ks'n IS •X*
-I Ute*»:lowt»st rates: no d-*l.-iv.M I, RHH V Mrkt."' '
, \ UVANt'ESD.N JiIAMONDS.JKWKLKY. KTU
. -'' Colombia \i>,'\ it- < &'i»;»"--i m*,r« P «.r*-i- wr«. :
_• ' j* A \v .«. 11 »i v •
AT 126 KK ARN Y ST.. ROOM 0-MONE Y
loaned, . watches, diamonds, etc.; . low rates;
prlvaip rooms: elevator: i.lert-.*p* for sale cheap.'- ;
V.'-V-l: , MOXKV WANTED. ♦:. " !
fvnn A^ '«^»t < ciiNT^N'cfTY r ßusi-
*ir -l \Jj\J\J\J ness Income prO"fr:y near the '
Baldwin Hotel. H. C. KEK. 10.0 Market sU -
■ ■•.' ''' > '- : ' ' A ' f ' LAff ' " i
"^^"vmjklfree— Frv^m^£Tws~A^spßciT ,
• ■*»- »lty: private; do charge unless successful ; all
law salts, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc at- -
tended ta U. "W. IIuWS, atfy-auiaw. 850 Market- 1
.] E. PHILLI PS— U. S. AND STATiS COURTS*
:lJm damage cases a specialty: money to loan on r'
estates; charges mod»rate. Offices 508 California.- '
; T Ei.AL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NO PUB- i
J-Jllclty; advice free, conndentia:. P. o. box 2132.* •'
RW KINO, A f rTOUNErY^AT-LAW. CHRON- !
XX. k-Ie Dldg; advice free; moderate: open evngs. ]
\Y W. DA VIDaON. ATTORN 1-. V-A 1-LA W, 42U 1
*t ;. » California Hi., rooms 14 and 16: advice free.: <
~. HOT*.L , TO. LEASE. . ■ ■
S~TeT--^Thle~^. J TELL "eToUSE. • 317-3i9
Bush st.; tills well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovateu, considerably improved; compares wltn
best 2d-class hotel In town. MADISON & BURKE
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Q7^nn CHOICE STOCK.'' -GRAIN "■■ AND
%S9 I u\J\J. rfuit ranch: 21 5 acres: 40 miles from
San Francisco; 50 acres ne«rlv--leve--,' balance roll-
ing; all fenced;, plenty of wood and water: small
buildings; rich -oil; "?i' 2 miles from railroad sta-
tion; easy terms. or will take residence tothe value
of $5000: r balance on mortgage. Sli.wnwaLD,
IU I'KBr.K & CO., 218-220 .\iontgnjnery st., Mills
building. , ■
Inch 10 lease cheap. --APPLY H. E.
, POEHLMAN, 415 Montgomery su, room 7. ■
J^OR SALE— HOME OF- 5 ROOMS; 4 LOTS,
- 200x120 (half acre); fine place for poultry or
flower*: $1800. half cash. W. LAMBERT. Mill-
brae, San Mateo Co. ■; ■. •
END T > LAND DEI'ARTM KNT OF BOVEE,
TOY & 6ONNTAG. 19; Montgomery s:.. for
maps and full information of ■M cM aha ti Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; uuequuled in Cali-
fornia. "....• ■ ..
TO "LET— 5 ACRES Al LEVEL LAND NEAR
-L this city: good 7-room cottage and outbuild-
ings: 30'J , yards to station; fine for poultry and
vegetables. Gr.ORQE W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome.
LOR SALK— I9 ACRES OF LAND IN LOTS TO
-L suit in Palo Alto. H. W. BROWN, 12 Mont-
gomery st.. rooms 13 and 14, S. F.
AN MATEO-LOT iooxlBo. ADDRESS H. P.,
607 Cai>p sb - . ■■'■---: • .- ;
C ACRKS OR MORE IN ROSS VALLEY: im.-
*J proved: beautiful home; house of 10 rooms
with all the modern Improvements: nearstitlon;
abundance of running water the year round: fine
shade and fruit trees: well adapted for hotel or
resort. Apply to JAMES TUNSTKAD, San
.Rafael. Cal.
ft^9*^l l FOR SALE. ON INSTALLMENTS.
«ir«J— '*-»''. new modern house In San Uat.it!; 8
rooms and batli: large lot: best location; street
accepted: stone sidewalk; also choice lots for sale
or exchange for city property. H. WILKINS or
J. TUNHTKAD, San Rafael. Cal.
MAR IN COUNTY— 3000 ACRES 26 MILES
l'-l from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit, Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. - . •
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-M. 1 st In the State; selling In tracts, 6 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 1% hours trm S. F. ;
easy trrms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
1 ITT LK HOMES. CLOSE TO - TOWS, IM-
±J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D.H. TWINO, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market S. F.
SEND OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMKS
for sale- WOO3TKR A WH ITi'oN. sun Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWB FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
-l\. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ;
trustees' sales!
mRCSTEES^KALE! TX,
X In accordance • with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of < trust
duly executed by BARTOLOME DX LUQUE
(sometimes called dk LUGUE) and OATH-
ERINA de LUQUK (sometimes called de
LUGUE), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded in the office of lie County Recorder of the
County of Mam-da, state of California, in Liber
506 of Deeds, at pages 309 and following: and in
pursuance of a resolution passed 011 the 14lh day
of May, 1896, by tne Board of Director* of said
SAN F .AM CISCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No." 12,914),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was esecuied, deciding that default had
been made in the payment of the prin ipal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL ann THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the red estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL, and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 17th day of Julj, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Dlngee.-Nos. 4t>o and 4H2 Eighth
stieet, in the City of Oakland, County of Alameda,
estate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to tho Highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United Slates, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate in this City of -Alameda, County of Alameda,
State of California, described as follows, to wit: -
Commencing at a point on the westerly line of
Sherman street dls.ant thereon tiny-eight (48)
feet northerly from (he northerly line of Bueua
Vista avenne, and running thence northerly along
said line of Sherman street fifty-two (52) feet;
Hit net* at right angles westerly one hundred (100)
fe"t: thence at right anises southerly- fifty-two
(52) ff-et, and thence at right angles ■ easterly one
hundred (100) : feet to the point of commence-
menu
Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (11) and twelve (12) in Block X, as laid
down and de ineated on the map entitled "Map of
144 Lots In Pa Tract, Alameda County," filed
February 25tb,.1874. in the office of the Coun.y
Recorder of said County of Alameda: together
with the appur.enances.
Terms' of Sai.k — Cash in gold coin ■ of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbe fall of the Hammer; balance oh de-
livery of deed: and If not so uaid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
> HKN BY C. CAMPBKi.L, 1 -.„.».„-
-■ THADDEUS B. KENT, / T ™Stees.
RUSTEES 1 SALE. 1 -.' ~~ .-■•■•■•■ -
J. In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed .by F. A. BROWN, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus;ees, parties ■ of
the second part, and ' the SAN Fi ANCI.SCu
SAVINGS UNIOX, party of the third part,
dated June 23d,' 7 1890, and recorded in the
office oi the County Recorder of the County of
Alameda, state of California. In Liber 407 01 Deeds,
at paces I£9 and following: and in pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7th day of May, 1896. by
Hoard of Directors of said SAN FRvNCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corpora; ion. and the ho der
of the note (No. 10.194). to secure pay me tof
which the aforesaid deed of tnißt was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment 01 the principal sum «nd other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
an 1 direc in* said HKNRY c. CAMPBKLL and
•IHADDKI'- H. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness. ■ ■ • ■ ■ .
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give no ire that on
FKIDAY, the 17th day of July. A. D. 1898, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and al the auction sales-
room of William J. Dingee, No. 460 and 462
Eighth street, in the City ot Oakland, County of
Alameda, State of California, we wiU sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of i he In ted States, all the pieces or parcels
of land, situate In the Township of Brooklyn,
County 01 .-Mameda. d<**>crl*'ed as follows, to wit :
Lots number* twenty-one (21) and twenty-two
(22), in block number two (2). as laid down and
deli puled on map entitled "sap So 2 of the
BlasdeiTrarUKo.it Oakland Uelebts, Kesub-
dlvided June, 1890, W, F. Boardman, C. E." filed
June 9 h, lt>9U, In the office of the County Ke-
cordrr of - said County of Alameda, and .0 which
map and the record thereof special reference is
hereby made for further or more particular de-
rip ion. together with the appurtenances. -
Tkrsis of -alb— < ash in gold 10 ii of the United
Slates; ten percent payable to t ie undersigned on
the fall of the; hammer: balance on de I very of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten d.iys being al owed for' search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and t lie sale to be void.
Acs of sale at purchaser's expense. -
ME BY C. CAMi'BELL, >_.„ .„_.
THADDEUS B. KENT. ) Trustees.
rpRUssTEES* SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
-L the terms and under (he authority of a certain
deed of trust, dnlv executed by TOBIAS M. ! IN-
DEMAN, party of the first part; to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL and.THADDELS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the fan Fran-
cisco Saving* Union, party of the third part, dated
December 29th, 1887, and recorded In the office of
the county Recorder of lheCit\ mid County of .-an
Francisco, State of California. In Liber 1275 of
Deeds, at pages 65, aud following: and in pur-
suance of a resolution' passed on the 23(1 day of
January; 1896, by the Board of -Directors of
said SAN ;fr'KANi'IbCO SAVINGS mii.v, a
corporation, and the bolder of the notes (No. 855G),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, 1 , declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the prtnclnal suras
and other sums, due under said notes ana deed of
trust, and requesting and directing* said 111 NHV
C MPBi.LL and THAPDKUS B. KENT,
'! rnstM«s. to sell the- real estate describee therein
to satisfy said indeb edness; ' • HjimmiihMii —I'MUM
We. HEMIYO. CAMPBELL and TIIADDEUS
B. X NT, Trustees, do hereby, give notice that, on
TUESDAY, the 4-.h day of Auircst. A. D. 1806. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Kaston, EUirUlte <fc Co., No U3B Market
street, in the City and County of t-r.n Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash I In eoid coin of the
Untied Stales, all that piece or parcel of land sit-
uate in the City and County of San Francisco, otate
of California, described as follows, to wit: ■■:-
Commencing at the corner formed by the inter-
section of th • sooth, rly line of I'aclfio street with
the easterly.l ine of , Mason street, and running
thence easterly, along said line of Pacific street,
onr hundred and three feet two inches (103 and
2-12 feet): thence at right angles southerly, sixty-
two feet six inches (62 and 12 feet); thence at
right unifies westerly, • twenty-seven feet eight
Indies (27 and 8-12 feet); thence at right angles
southerly, ten feet six Inches (10 and 6-12 feet):
thence at right angles = westerly, seventy-five feet
and six Inches (75. and 6-12 feet), to said easterly
line of Mason street; und thence northerly, along
the last-nameJ line, seventy-three (73 feet}, 10 the
point of commencement: : .-■;.'-; -
■Being 'portion- of < fifty- vara : lot number three
hundred and thirty-five (836) : ■ . ; > . :
Together with the appurtenances. ■ . .
- Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of 'the United
States; ten per cent payable 10 the undersigned on
the fa* of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless tor want ot title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to -be -forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY. C. CAM i'BELL.I -_,„«
■ THAHDEUS B. KK'-T. f"" 18 "* 8 *
:•- . • ..-, LiuUAL ; -JSOTICJU:- -..--..— ,
\r o ncXT r o~~cpr~DiTOßs 7^ kstatx ot
XI HARD CUNNINGHAM. deceased, some-
times called RICHARD C. CUNNINGHAM.
' Notice is hereby given by the undersigned ad-'
mm is: rat of the estate of RICHaRD; CUN-
NINGHAM, deceased, to the creditors it, and all
persons having claims against the | said deceased,
to 'exhibit them - with - the - necessary voucht rs,
within ten months after the . first publication of
this notice, to the said administratrix at room 16,
seventh floor, Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
the same being the place for the transac lon of the
business of. the said estate in -the City and County
of ban Francisco; sta:eof Ca Ifornia.
- ALICE I. CUNNINGHAM,
Administratrix of the estate of RICHARD
CUNNINGHAM, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, j line SO. 1896. '
.- .--..,-• ■•■'-.-^ :?- ■ JNO. W. Bi iI'BDE TTE. ;
Attorney for Administratrix, Mills building, San
Francisco. ■:■■>*'.'
__;_- . .' . ' ..... LOST. -.; ■ ' .
T OST-TWO GREAT DANE PUPS; MALE
-i^and female; liberal reward; no questions
asked. Return to Ti'i California st. ' .
7 OST— SMALL HOLD ENAMKLED VINAI-
JJ Krette attached to a small swivel. Leave at
Call Office and receive liberal reward.
•T: OS I'— CHARTER ■ JOL'RNKYMEN- BAR-
JU bera' International Union, on Lacuna, Hayes,
Franklin, Market or seventh sts. Return to 1201 Vi
Polk st. : receive reward. ■-
CIIIFUK ON BANK OF CALIFORNIA, PA Y-
\J able to order of A. L. . LANGERM AN : value-
! less except to owner. . Please return to 208 San-
some St.: suitable reward.
T OS I'— A P -SSBOOK WITH Til HIBKUNIA
1 j Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of KATE DONELAN ; No. 89 148. The
finder will please return to bank. . ..
<3£l (Hi REWARD— LOST, EMERALD AND
tiP i- vtf diamond bracelet in neighborhood of
Stockton and Ellis sts. Above reward if returned
to 12 Howard st.: no questions asked. ' ■:? . .
<5;Xn REWARD— LOST, ON FKIDAY, JULY
KTOKj 10, an English opentare watch with small
eh in to which was attached a small crystal watch.
Any one returning same to MISS HEAD, a. the
Information Bureau in the' Emporium store, will
receive above reward. ;.
iUEDICAL.
. . ■
A BLESSING TO LADIES ; suffering
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects ; never makes them sick to make them well :
travelers helped ' immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIE-. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating: pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. M.
ALL CASES OF irregularities RB-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped . without delay: pri-
-1 vate home in confinement; regular ,* graduate
1 physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
i CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MKS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post. St., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ni'eut or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what- cause: • restores ■ always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; ull cases guaranteed :
if you want to -be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKR. 318 Kearny st.
ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
rovm Pills , (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, ••Relief for Ladies," in letter by re-
turn mail: at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa. . ■
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN • BPE-
tlalty: 11 n excel ed In restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement; best care:
low fen- pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
A LPEAU'B FRENCH" PILLB^A~BOON~TO
-TV ladies troubled with Irregularities; no danger;
lafe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOD BROS.; Oakland. Cal.
IN ST ITUTE OK PNKUMATOPATHY FOR
X healing and instructions; 2729 Jackson st,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
RS. DR.- WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy si.
WOMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITARIUM,
■•» room 63,. Donoboe building; - treatments
rheumatism, nervous prostration, . etc., $1; face,
j 0 c : steam baths. 41 ; consultation free. •■
SU Rifi~CUKJs: FOR ALL FKMALE DISBASisT
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with . every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, Or
MRS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk st 7
C;~fin FOR EVERY FAILURE TO CURK;
uoijyjKJ eyedis?aaes successfully treated. Ladles
con, free MRS. DR. BCuTT, specialist, 216 Powell.
MRS J. A. ALHaKD.JI ID WIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRs.DK. PUETZ and be content. 264^ 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK.IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DR. FU.NCKK. 1418 Eighth at., Alnmeda.
K. iIALL; 14 SXcALJultal'h,il >TREKT, NEAR
*Jeni-v Dmcases of women Ji'iil children. •
I (CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
1 United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ■ ■ . -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS. BATH, LAUNDRY.
VJ attic: large lot; reduced from $25 to $15. 1143
1 East Nineteenth St., near Twenty-third aye., East
j Oakland: Key at 1139. WILLIAM STONE.
<£**)l\ PER MONTH WILL BUY NEW MOD-
«rp_l/ crn house. 100 feet: land fenced: near
Seminary aye.; f 1650. 702 Telegraph aye., Oak-
land. ■ ■•■-.•••>.-■ -.-■■, , . .- . ■ ■ ■
<Uj7X LOTS AND UPWARD— A LLKNDALK
«25 I O Tract, East Oakland; adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot, of Oakland; grand
1 view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
1 and macadamized and the lots are In shape to build
• 011: a fine school with 2 elect lc' roads uear by;
; terms $5 to $10 down, -balance $5 monthly; con-
I veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
I Ninth St., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
> JON Et*, owner. - - -
I 1
; OAKLAND FURXITCRIi FOR SALE.
! XTEW BRUSSKLS CA PKT. 49c YARD AT
1> H. HKI,I,HAA<-. 408 Eleventh st. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKO.% IiEAL ESTATE. •' ,>
-y^uirT^R*MTXß^~OUßsr~~^ -~— -~~
I ©OKnn PRETTY COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
j (^-tJUU. and bath; close to Chestnut-st. sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
I ©onnn handsome new cottage*. 6
I •jO\l\.'\J . rcom* and bath; near Mastic sta-
I tion, N. G.
I flt9')nn 25 CASH; *-'° MONTHLY: 37:8
— ~y>\J- frontsee; handsome new colonial
I cottage; 5 rooms and bath,
97^.0 * 25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 37:6
«£•*- • O\J. x ioi); N.W. corner: cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 op.
Iv. UK* REMMEL. contractors and Home
! Builders, Bay-st. station, Alameda, Cal. Tel. 2.
; Office open Sundays ana holidays. '
Tl-ANTKD TO PIRCHASE AN 8-HOOM
'» modern house: good-sized lot. Particulars J.,
; bos 49, this office. -
iCJKIII BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
i£)\J\J\J\J. iv o-story bouse, finely finished and
I beautifully frescoed: lar^e rooms: Central aye.,
j one clock west of Park .it.; 11 will surely please
; yon: Investigate; terms 10 suit. U. B. M. OKAY,
j 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
b>i»t»fc __— ■» UiIAL liSiAl ti.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on ea-iy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
> and buUdlng. 2123 Center st., Berkeley. ■ .
i oskPm J. mason, REAL estate AND
j O Innurßii «getiu 1 erkelev statn. adjoining bank.
I BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
A FEW STUDENTS CAN SKCURE
with board, in private family near university;
! new house ; % modern: furnace, etc.; terms moder-
■ ate; by applying imiiiedlately at 2329 Bancroft
Wiiv. near Chnppl Bt. ■ ■ . .-■
M.nntLi.k hUlsL.s,
F'""o^^t^T^E^EQA^T "HOUSE : 'l 2 ROOMH;
lance crounds; fruit: Dwlght way,^Berkeley:
' che»-> rent '10 desirable 1 arty. • SAMUEL «fc
j KNOWLKS. 481 Xlnth St., (>nltland.
THIS IiIVUKV^- KKOUKO. ~~
Complaints filed: . . . •
■ Mary.C. Johnson nealnst Alfred A. Johnson.
I Jeanne Meyer against. Louis Merer.' :
: . Mason against Mason. LiVU.w **?"Tfffli
bill iii^— -jiAiiKlA«E&— OMllil
T 'f Birth, mnrriac* "in 1 death notices sent hr na-»ll ■
will not .be Inserted. They must be handed In v.
either of the publication offices and be iudoriei
with' the name and residence of persons authorixel
to have the same published.! - . .
BORX.
BIAXCHI— In this city. J nly 12, 1836, to the wife
of K. Blanch I Jr., a son. -
i OODLUNG— In this city, July 11, 1896, to the
I wife of C. J. Godlung, » son. - .
j HARVEY— In this city, July 13, 1898, to the
wife of W. L. Harvey, v. son.
JOSLYN-In this city, July 13, 1896, to the wife of
William E. Josiyn, a son.
KKMSOK- In this city, June 18, 1896, to the wife
! ■ of Stephen Kemson, a dauzhter.-. -
LEE— In this* city, JAy 6,1896, to the wife Of Dr.
C M. Lee. a daughter. ... , : ■
LEMASNEY— JuIy 6, to the wife of Thomas Le-
nmsiiey, a daughter. ,
LESSER— In this city, July 13, 1896, 10 the wife of
Lesser Lesser, a son.
METZLBIt— In this city, June 23, 1896, to the
wife of Hermann Metzler, a daughter. • •
P^RTRIDGE-^ln this city, July 12, 1898, to the
wif» of James G. Partridge, a son.
SEVENMAN— In this city, Jnly 11, 1896, to tne
■ wife of Dr. George W. Sevenman. a daughter.
J MARKIIC.J. ~"~
FREY— A LLEN-I n Berkeley, Cal.', July 1, 1898.
by the Rev. M.M. Gibson, D.D.. Arthur Ferdi-
nand Frey and Oskie Allen, both of Berkeley.^
GILMOUR- la this city, July 12, 1896.
: by th^ Rev. P. R. Farraud, ; John Ollmour and
Kitty Burns, both of San Francisco. - : .
; -'■"■.'..;.: - .:■ .-DIED. ■ ~ '
Barker, Henry M. ." Hudson. Jay W. !
Brown, Mrs. Margaret - Lev-decker, Irvin A,
Buckingham, John Miller, W. E.
— '
Coursey. John Moynlhan, Katie
I'dmonds. Hannah M. Kelson. Sophie A, • ■
Garvey. Patrick ONe U, Dr. P. J.
Guaraglla. Mary Partridge, (Infant) '
Haley, Dennis J. Peterson, Oscar
Harris, ueor-e P. Pickthall,' Myles
. Harris Henry R. Quirin, Alexander
Harrison. John s. Rllev. Thomas D.
Hart, Mrs." Dora : Russell, Andrew
Hozan. James R. Rvder, Captain Eben
Hoi:, Nellie B. - Shuitls, Mrs. Luctnda
B RKER— In this city, July 8. ' 1896, Henrr
Momcey Barker, a native of England, aged 63
years. . = , . . •
BROWN— In this city. July 13, 1896, Mrs. Mar-
gar* t Brown, beloved wife of Archibald Brown,
and 1 mother of . Charles 8 , Frank. George 0. and
the late William G. Brown nnd Mrs. T. P. Mac-
kenzie, • native of Scotland, aged 67 year*.
I San Diego papers please copy.) • ;;
#«^Friends and acqualmaacei nr» ' ro-io^T-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late
residence, 4 OcUvia street. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery. : ■ ■
BUCKINGHAM— In this City, July 11, 1896, John
. Buckingham, a native of Canada, aged 33 years
and 6 months. . .
COURSi-.Y— A solemn requiem high ma.isfmon'h's '
mind) will be celebrated for the pose of the
soul of the late John Coursey at St. Patrick's
Ciiurch THIS DAY (Tuesday), commencing
at 8 o'clock a. m. Friends and acquaintances
•re kindly- invited to a tend. ;
EDMONDS-In this city. July 12, 1896, Hannah
M. Kdmonds, widow of the late William Ed-
monds, and loving mother of Mrs. Clementine
K. Taylor, . a native of Norwich. Chenango
County, New York, aged 78 years 9 months and
4 days -• ■-
. *s"Frlond3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 1 :;iO o'clock p.m.,
at her late residence, 1129 Broadway.' Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. -■■-■ ". •• .'■■'
GARVEY-In this city, July 12, 1896, Patrick
Garvey, beloved brother of Sister Mary Concep-
tion of Los Aiigeie*) and - the late Thomas and
David Garvey, a native of County Limerick. Ire-
. land, aged 4.2 years. ... ,
' *S~Frlends ana acquaintances are resnoo'.- .
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. • m.. from ■ the par-
lors of McAvoy «» Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GUARAGLIA-In this city. July 11, 1896, Mary
Guirauiia, beloved wife of James Guaraglla, and
moiherof Irene, Amelia and Elvera Gnaraglia,
aud sister of Judge A., Michael L. and Nellie
Spinett'. Richelina Ghiglieri and Lnisa Baciga-
lupi, a native of San Francisco.
Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
( Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 450 Union street. High mass will be
• celebrated for the repose of her soul at Sts. Peter
. and Paul's Church, corner Filbert and Dupont,
streets. - ■ • •
HALEY— In this city, Jnly 13, 1898. Dennis J.
Haley, a native of Massachusetts, aged 51 years.
O~Frien<l3 ana acquaintance nr« r»so<--v-
-folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 638 Washington 1
street. ~j^3&SSKs£**sSf?S3 '■■ '"' ■•■■•
HARRIS— in this city, July 13. 18»6. George P.,
beloved husband of Mar.ha Harris, a native of
Plcton. Nova Scotia, aged 73 years and 10 days.
£3"'Frlends and acquaintances are resDec--
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from ■ his late
residence, 1510 Hyde street, oetween Pacific and
Jackson. Interment private.
HARRIS— In this city, at the Pot rero, July 11,
1896, Henry R. Harris, a native of California,
aged 44 years and 8 months. .
, JK9~Friend* ami acquaintance! ara resoecv
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., at
his late residence, 802 Tennessee street. Inter-
ment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery, from
Third and Townseud streets, by 11:45 o'clock
a. it. train. • ■ - >
HAKKISON-In this city, July 13, 1896, John a,
■ in- ant son of Emma V. and Frederick Harrison,
a native of Honolulu, H. L, aged 1 year 6 months
and 10 days.
ay Friends and acquaintance* are re-jDW-
, fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from 123 Chat-
tanooga street.
HART— In this city, July. 12, 1896. Mrs. Dora
- Hart, a native of Poland; azed 61 years.
HOOAN— In Vallejo. July 12. 1898. James B.
Hogan, beloved husband of Julia Hoe tin, and
father of Dr. J. J. and- Maggie M. Hogan, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 80 years
4 months and 12 days. Boston and Charlestown
(Mass.) papers please copy.J
Friends and acquaintances are resnec-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday) morning,- from his late residence,
corner Maria . and. • Onto streets, thence to St.
Vincent's Church, where a - solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. ' '
HOLT— In this city, July 13, 1898, Nellie 8., be-
■ loved wife of F. S. Holt, and daughter of Ann E.
and the late David M. r.cavis. a native of Chico,
. Eutte County, Cat., aged 29 years 4 months and
4 dr. vs.
<•?" Friends and acquaintances are respeot.
- fuMy Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the
family residence, 744 Castro street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HUDSON— In Hart, Shasta County, July 12, 1896,
Jay W. Hudson, beloved husban 1 of Bessie Hint-
son, and father of Gladys and James John Hud-
son, son of J. W. Hudson, and brother of Thorn-
ton, William. G -orge and Kmma Hudson and
Mrs- W. 11. Prince, a native of Indiana, aged 23
- years 1 month and la days. . . .
LEYDECKER— In Alameda, July 13, 1596. Irvin
Anton, beloved sod of T. W. and Wilhelmine
LeyU>>cker, a native of Alameda, aged 5 years 7
months and 10 da vs. '
. tSf Friends and : acquaintances are resoect-
-1 fully ' invited .to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW, (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock
a. 11.. at the German Evangelical Lutheran
' Kmanuel Church, Lnfayette street, between
Central and Santa Clara avenues, : Alameda.
Interment j private, I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San
. Francisco.
MILLER— In Pacific Grove, July 11, 1896, W. E.,
husband of .the late Augusta May Miller, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 70 years 7 months and 1
day. f Auburn (Cal.) and Baltimore (Md.)
papers please copy.]
IKS" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock
p. Km at his late residence, 1277 Webs. street,
Oakland. - intermen. private.
MOYNIHAN-In this city, Julr IS. 1896, Katie
Moynlhan, beloved sister of Cornelius and Den-
. nis Movnihan, a native of the pnrlsh of Inche-
geela. County Cork, Ireland, aged 32 years.
AyFriends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
, (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor di Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Francis Church, Vallejo street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for tbe repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. it. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— this cite. July 11. 18»6. Sophie A.,
wite of the late Anton Nelson, beloved mother of
. Agatha, Alice and Lillian Nelson, daughter of
Agatha Strobe!, and sister of Mrs. N. Lenten,
Theodore and' John Mersch, a native of Lafay-
ette, Ind., axed 40 years 5 months and 2 days.
[Los Angeles and Lafayette (Ind.) papers pieasa
copy.J 'H'i»il)i»lHMiHiilPm
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a- tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from her lata
residence, 211 Twenty-sixth street, between Bry-
ant avenue and Florida street, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, Army street, between Folsom and
Bhotwell, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
. mencing at 10 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
O'NEILL— Dr. -P. J. O'Neill, < a native of County
Koscotumon, Ireland, aged 40 years.
JtaTNoticeof funeral hereafter. .-
PARTRIDGE— In this city. July 12. 1896, infant
son of James G. and Violet Partridge.
PETERSON— in Athione, Merced County, Cal.,
JuU- 11.1898, Oscar Peterson, beloved brother
of Mrs. Herman Cohen and Emll Peterson, a na-
tive of Claud, Sweden, aged 26 years and 9
months. • . . .
OVFriends and acquaintance*) are resaect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 . Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PICKTHALL— In this clty^July 13, 1398, Mylei,
beloved son of Myles and Elizabeth Pickthalt,
and brother of Kisle, Sarah Jane and Arthur
PlCKlhall, a native of England, aged 8 years 1
month and 20 days. . . .
4^Frlends and acquaintance*! are ruinect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
■ of his parents, 112 Tehama street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
QUIRIN-In this city, July 13, 1896. Alexander
Quirin, a native of Franca, aged 80 years.
RILEY— In this city, July 11.1896. Thomas D.
(late of Riley & Vest), beloved husband of Erne-
line Rlley, a native of County Weslmeath, Ire-
land. a?ed 63 years 6 months and 17 days.
Friends are respectfully Invited to atti»r»l
the ■ funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock a. x., 'from 119 Jones street, thence to
St. Mar.-'s Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
■ mass will oft celebrated for tbe repose of his soul,
* commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' Please omit flowers. '
RUSSELL— In this city, July 13, 1896, Andrew
i Russell, a native of Massachusetts, aged 7s years.
RYDER— In this city, July 11, 1896. Captain Eben
Ryder, a native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years
and 7 months. '
SHULTIS-In Alameda. Cal., July 12, 1896, Mrs.
Lncinda Shultis, beloved wife of Edward Snultls,
and dearly beloved mother of Florence. Edward
and Frank Shultis and Mrs. Jennie Hard man, and
', sister of Mrs. Lenora Bertuelot. a native of. New
Orleans. La., aged 56 years 4 months and 11
■ day*. ■' - ■ -."4IMBSiHEBHHBIMBR&IB(
Oif Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ; invited to attend the funeral service*
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a.m.,
at the residence of J. W. Hardman. 2002 Pacific
avenue, Alameda, Interment Masonic Cemetery,
" San Francisco. ; ■■■- ;.? •-.■•-.
I McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUXKRAL DIBKCTORS 4 EMBALMKES.
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
: Telephone 3080. •>
jAS7MoMJENOIfi-Yr^™~"™ CHAS7McME:fOMKY.
JAMES McMENOMEY & SO\
UK DKUTAKKRS ; AND EMBALMERS,
.lOs7. Mission Street, Near Seventh.
""■'''"' l' 1 ii.n'i ' re ' < ' lop - -' No ' as^- ■■'-'
ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND - EMBALMER3, -.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., Sao Frandsaa
Telephone So. 156.?jei@g*W 9&BB&&?;-
1516
WILLIAM McKINLEY
CANNOT LOSE IT.
Random Calculations on the
Republican Electoral
Chances.
SAFE COLUMN OF STATES
Now Play as You Will With
His Majority of Fifty-
One Votes.
DOUBTS ARE HARD TO RAISE.
Not Even a Divided Silver Vote
Appears Needed to Assure
Republican Victory.
With the nomination of Bryan and
Bewail the political battle that will be
ended November 3 is practically planned
and now forecasts are reasonably in order.
Disinterested calculations show, at this
time, that the chances are all in favor Mc-
Kinley's election. - His defeat is without
the bounds of probability, and- in the
minds of the majory of people is without
the bounds of possibilty.
The work of the Populist and Silver
National conventions at Si. .Louis, be
ginning on the 22d insL, will soon enter
into calculations of the future, but the
work, or at least the effect, of these con
ventions is well promised in advance.
The Populists will not indorse Bryan
and Sewall. This, as the party leaders
well recognize, would mean suicide to the
People's party, which thinks that it has a
great mission not donnded by the silver
plank in the Democratic platform.
The p resent indications are that the Sil
ver Convention will indorse the Demo
cratic ticket. This indorsement will not
mean so very much. The Silver Conven
tion will not be a gathering representing a
National party, but rather one represent
ing an inchoate movement begun before
the silver issue was outlined among the
old parties and one for which the need
and call are already largely past.
Its work will amount to a recommenda
tion to which comparatively few voters
will pay' attention. It will put up no
ticket of its own, and the attitudes and
the campaign influences of the three par
ties will exert their influences quite inde
pendently of what the nondescript gather
ing of silver men, already having their
party affiliations formed, may do.
In the South the hostility between the
Democratic and Populist parties is bitter
and deep-seated. This is but one of many
indications that the Populist party will
not merge its existence in that of the Dem
ocratic party, rent in twain as it is and
standing .as it does . under a banner
snatched from mere party opportunity.
The division of the unlimited free silver
coinage vote and the vote of the discon
tentted generally among the Democratic,
Populist. Socialist, Prohibition and Na
tional Reform parties seems at this hour
certain. '•
Tne vote of the conservative, patriotic,
clear-minded people, of the business inter
ests, of the people who are influenced by
the press and the brains of the Nation,' of
of the people who realize what the doc
trine of protection and what the rule of
the Republican party means in the light
of history, will support McKinley.
In the light of these considerations con
aider the following tables, showing what
is now to be fairly considered the Repub
lican and Democratic electoral vote:
BBPCBLICAX.
California 9 Nebraska 8
Connecticut... 0 New Hampshire 4
Delaware 3 New Jersey 10
Illinois , 24 New York 36
Indiana. ...15 Ohio 2!
lowa 13 Oregon 4
Kansas. 10 Pennsylvania. 32
Jiaine 6 Rhode Island.. ...... 4
Maryland 8 Vermont.. . . ..:. . 4
Massachusetts 15 Washington 4
Michigan 14 Wisconsin 12
Minnesota.. 9 - » - —
Total -...27!
Necessary to a choice 222
Majority for McKinley 61
The States which . may now by any
stretch of probabilities be counted in the
Democratic or Populistic column are tin
following:
Alabama. ....11 North Car01ina. ....... 11
Arkansas 8 1 North Dakota., :
C010rad0. ..«.«... 4 south Carolina 1
Florida. 4 South Dak0ta...;..'../ 4
Georgia. IS Tennessee... .....12
laano. 8 Texas...' 16
Kentucky 13 Utah. J
Louisiana 8 Virginia.....:... ....;. . 15
Mississippi 4 West Virginia.. <
Missouri ...17 Wyoming i
Montana. 3 —
Nevada.......... 8 Total, 188
By a little figuring it will be seen thai
there are many combined losses from the
Republican column which that party
could lose and still be victorious.
The Republicans could lose California
(9), Kansas (10), Delaware (3), Nebraska
(8). Washington (4), Maryland (8), Maine
(6), and still win by 3 majority. • ,
■ •■■ The ' Republicans could lose: Illinois
(24), Indiana (15), Oregon (4), Washington
(4), Delaware (3). and still win by 1 ma
jority. . ' -
The Republicans could lose: Indiana
(15), Maryland (8), Delaware (3), Kansas
(10). Nebraska (8), Oregon (4), and still
win by 2 majority. -
The Republicans could lose: New York
(36), Kansas (10). Delaware (3), and still
.win by 3 majority.
The Republicans could lose: New York
(36), California (9), Oregon (4), and still
win by 3 majority.
" The Republicans could lose: New York
(36). Rhode Island (4), Oregon (4), Dela
ware (3), and still win by 1 majority.
The Republicans could lose: Kansas
(10), Nebraska (8), Delaware (3), Califor
nia (9), Oregon (4), Washington (4), Mary
land (8). Rhode Island (4). and still win by
two majority,
\ The Republicans could lose: New York
NEW TODAY.
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
from itching and burning ; eczemas and : other
■kin and scalp tortures. None but parents real- i
ire how these little ones suffer. ,To know that
a warm bath with Cuticora Soap, and a single
application of C'cticijra (ointment), the great
skin cure, will in the majority, of cases afford
instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point
to a speedy cure, aud not to use them without a '
moment's delay is to fall in our duty. '. ". ■
Sold throughout the world. > Price, Coticitba. «c i
Boap. 25c. i fUSOXTBXT. SIC and 11. Fottm b*uo
ajii, Chxm. Coer.. Sole Propi.. Bo.ton. * vx ** M ,»* l ' a
, • «-" How to Cure Skin Tortured Balaea,"m«j]«l free.
(36), Indiana (15), and still win by one
m T ] he Republicans could lose: New York
(36), Nebraska (8), Maine (6), and still win
by two majority.
The R publicans could lose: Illinois
(24) California (9), Kansas (10), Nebraska
(8), and stil- win by 1 majority.
The Republicans could lose: Illinois
(24). Indiana (15), Kansas (10), and still
win by 3 majority. .
The Republicans could lose: Illinois
(24), Indiana (15), Nebraska (8), Delaware
(3), and still win by 2 majority.
If the Republicans carried Kentucky
(13) they could lose, for instance, Indiana
(15), Illinois (24), California (9), Oregon
(4), Washington (4), Maryland (8) and
still win by 1 majority.
These are but sample calculations, which
any one may make with certain and with
doubtful States to illustrate the moral
certainty of William McKinley's election
this fall.
A BOXING FESTIVAL.
The Olympic Club Will Entertain Its
Members Hiia Month.
The Olympic Club is arranging for a
first-class fistic entertainment, which will
be held in the gymnasium on the evening
of the 31st inst. Matchmaker Kennedy
was busy last evening selecting talent for
tbe occasion.
After weeding out several applicants for
positions, be matched Van Buskirk and
Jack Davis, heavy-weights, for eight
rounds; Frank Smith and D. Moboney for
eight rounds, and Sullivan and Riley, the
feather-weigbts, who put up such a clever
exhibition at a recent entertainment held
at the Pavilion, for eight rounds. It is
the general opinion that the most interest
ing bout of the evening will be the Smith
and Mohoney meeting, as those boxers are
extremely clever.
Members will be charged an admission
fee of $1 and guests of members will be
taxed $2 50. ,
MRS. FERRY'S FURNITURE
John W. Flinn, Auctioneer, Gives
His Version of the
Trouble.
He Flatly Contradicts Mrs. Ferry and
Artist Eytka on a Number of
Points.
The search warrant case of Mrs. E. P.
Ferry, 1107 Bush street, against John W.
Flinn, auctioneer, 321 Sutter street, came
up before Judee Campbell aeain yesterday
afternoon, but was not concluded.
Mrs. Ferry was cross-examined at con
siderable length by Attorney Countryman.
She admitted she had a chattel mortgage
upon the furniture before the one to S.
Jacobson, and it was to pay it off and also
a lease to Fredericks & Co. that she bor
rowed the $1000 from Jacobson. Jacobson
wanted 4 per cent per month at first, but
consented to make it 3 per cent.
Jacobson was recalled and testified tha
he couid not find his memorandum-boo!
in which he had made an entry of th<
interest on the mortgage being paid to bin
on May 27.
Flinn testified that be guaranteed the
loan from Jacobson out of sympathy for
Mrs. Ferry. He denied that either Mrs.
Ferry or Kytka had at any time tendered
him any money in payment of interest.
He had loaned her money, besides paying
the interest for her. Jacobson got dis
gusted at the interest not beini; paid, and
gay- 1 him the papers, telling him he would
hold him responsible. It was then that
he got Mrs. Ferry to sign the bill oi sale,
and he agreed to pay the interest. Bhe
knew what she was signing, as he read the
bill of sale to her. She distinctly under
stood that if the principal and interest
were not paid by June 16 he could take
possession. He waited till June 30 and
then notified her he could wait no longer,
so he took possession of the furniture on
July 2.
In cross-examination he explained that
he signed Jacobson's name to the bill of
sale because Jacobson held him responsi
ble for the $1000, but it had not been paid
by him to Jacobson. He admitted that
Jacobson knew he was to take possession
of the furniture on July 2 — in fact it was
done at Jacobson's instigation. He did
not authorize his men to take the chil
dren's clothes from the clothesline in tne
yard or the groceries in the kitchen.
During Flinn' 9 examination Kytka was
making noises with his mouth as if aston
ished at Flinn's testimony, wheu Flinn
turned upon him and warned him to keep
quiet or tnere would be trouble.
I. Wollenberg, who said he was a mer
chandise broker at 321 Pine street, testi
fied he was with Flinn when the goods
were seized and heard conversations be
tween Flinn and Mrs. Ferry. In cross
examination he said he got a dollar from
Flinn for his work. He did not know if
he had sold any merchandise since the
war.
Mrs. Hayessen, a hairdresser at 1214>£
Polk, caused considerable amusement by
appearing to testify as to Mrs. Ferry's
reputation. Sne said Mrs. Ferry owed
her a bill tor dressing her hair and that
was ali she knew about her reputation.
At the request of Attorney Countryman
a continuance was granted till this after
noon.
WILL SEND A DELEGATE
The Postal Clerks to Be Represented at
Denver by David i.
Gapple.
Last Friday evening the San Francisco
Postoffice Clerks' Association held a meet
ing at which business of great importance
to the clerks was transacted.
The advisability of sending a delegate
to Denver to represent the association at
its annual convention was warmly de
bated, and after much discussion it was
decided to send one. The association then
unanimously nominated David F. Guo
ple, superintendent of Station D, as their
representative.
IN THE THIRTY-SEVENTH.
Birth of What Will Assuredly Be a
Flourishing Republican Club.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Republican Club was organized last even
ing at 417 Hayes street by electing the fol
lowing officers: i'resident, M. Levy;
secretary, E. J. Clark; treasurer, E. N.
Bush ; sergeant-at-arms, J. W. Brittan.
A committee consisting of R. C. Roiholz,
£. J. Clark and H. Bowen was appointed
by the cuairman to draft by-laws and to
report at the next meeting of the club at
Hildebrandt's Hall on Monday evening,
July 27. The club now has a membership
of 215 and promises to be one of the most
influential clubs in the City.
Republicans of the Thirty-seventh Dis
trict are invited to become members of the
club. Information may be obtained by
addressing the secretary at 417 Haye's
street, which will be t«e headquarters of
the club.
F.re Record.
An alarm was rung in about 2 o'clock yes-
terday from box 153 for c fire at 1121 Har
rison street. The structure is a three-su>ry
frame building, owned by James McMeney and
occupied by P. H. Lawton as a bar ana grocery.
The building and cor tents were dam«ged to
the extent of $300. The fire was caused by
the upsetting of a package of mutches.
• — ♦ — •
To L,o«i Angeles on Foot.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 13— Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Butlers of West Berkeley, a
young couple who have been in town, "but
a short time, left this evening on a tramp
ing tour to Los Angeles. They intend walk
ing the entire distance and will camp
along the way, pitching their tent
wherever nightfall overtakes them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1896.
NEW TODAY DRT^GOODS.
ANOTHER GREAT MARK-DOWN IN PRICES!
1 . i ■
COLOREB BRESS GOODS !
At 10 Cents.
190 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD DRESS
GOODS reduced from 25c to 10c a yard.
At 15 Cents.
219 pieces 34 and 36 INCH WOOL DRESS
GOODS (a mixed lot), in pinhead
checks, bourettes and cheviots, reduced
from 35c to 15; a yard.
At 20 Cents.
119 pieces ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEV-
IOT DRESS GOODS, reduced from 50c
to 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
145 pieces 40-INCH ENGLISH FIGURED
MOHAIR, reduced from 65c to 25c a
yard.
At 25 Cents.
142 pieces 36-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL
NOVELTY MIXED DRESS GOODS,
in a large assortment of styles, reduced
from 50c to 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
82 pieces 45-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-
WOOL FRENCH DRESS GOODS, in
etripes, plains, checks and cheviots,
reduced from $1 to 50c a yard.
BLACK BREST GOODS!
At 20 Cents.
45 cieces 38-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL
'PURE WOOL CAMEL'S - HAIR,
marked down from 50c to 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
45 pieces 37-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH
ALPACA, marked down from 60c to
25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
45 pieces 38-INCrt FIGURED ENGLISH
MOHAIRS, marked down from 60c to
35c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
40 pieces 44- INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-
WOOL STORM SERGE, marked down
from 75c to 50c a yard.
SILKsTjMS !
At 25 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces FANCY FIGURED AND
CHECKED SILK, former price 50c,
will be closed out at 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA
SILK, former price $1, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
80 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN
AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK,
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
If Lr Murphy Building, J mil Murphy Building, J ml/ Murphy Building, X mi/ Murphy Building, j UL/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market ana Jones Sireets. Market and Jones Streets. Market ait Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
OLYMPIC CLUB SCHEMES
Director Short's Proposition for
a New Handball
Court.
The Present Courts Are Considered
Injurious to the Health of
Players.
The handball players of the Olympic
Club who, at the present time number
about 400, have been pleased to learn that
the outlook for a new court where good
ventilation and free breathing will be as
sured is good.
For several month!) oast the members
who have a strong predilection for band
ball were compelled to exercise in com
partments which, owing to their construc
tion immediately over the engine-room of
the club, were literally sweatboxes.
Any person conversant with the game
who has exercised in courts that have
good ventilation will not hesitate to say
that handball in the courts of the Olympic
Club is more injurious than benehcial to
the players.
Jim Corbett, the champion pugilist,
acknowledged after engaging in a few rubs
of handball in the Olympic Club that he
felt a peculiar weakness which he was
unable to account for. During an exhi
bition of boxing, which terminated with
three games of handball, Corbett was ac
costed by Tom Flynn.
"How do you feel, Jim, after your hand
ball exercise?" asked Flynn, with a smile
whicb spoke lor itself.
"Well, to tell you the truth, Tom,"
retorted the champion, "1 cannot under
stand how it is that I feel so completely
exhausted after I play handball at the
Olympic Club; 1 am passionately fond of
ihe game, you know, and heretofore I
nerer experienced any fatigue, but on the
contrary I have always retired feeling like
a young colt."
Flynn, who was in the company of a
well-known physician, suggested to Cor
bett that he refrain from any further
exercise in the courts of the Olympic Club.
"Why," said Tom, "I was almost sick
ened from inhaling the polluted atmos
phere of the courts during the short time
I watched the game between you and
Jim Nealon, and, to speak candidly, I
was more than pleased to have an oppor
tunity of getting away from the handball
bastile to breathe a little fresh air. In
fact 1 was disagreeably surprised that the
Olympic Club directors failed to exercise
better judgment in the construction of
their ball courts. They are veritable lung
destroyers."
Sufficient to say that Corbett accepted
Flynn's suggestion and during the last
week or so of his training he gave very
little attention to the handball sweat
boxes of the Olympic Club.
The members who are passionately fond
of the game do not hesitate to say that
they are strongly in favor of a tetter loca
tion, but as there is not a place near at
hand where they can enjoy a dip in the
Dnny after a little handball exercise, they
must necessarily make the best out of the
present facilities.
A p/ominent member of the club, who,
by the way, has proven himself a strong
financial supporter of the great athletic
organization, said yesterday: "Marion
Leventritt, who is the owner of the lot
adjoining the club proper on the west side,
has entered into an agreement with a di
rector of the club which I think should he
most satisfactory to the board of directors.
"The conditions, as 1 understand them,"
said the speaker, "are that the club pay
Leventritt a rental of $75 a month for the
use of a ball court which is to be con
structed under the following conditions:
"The club to subscribe $1500, which sum
is guaranteed by Director Short from sub
scriptions he will receive frompro mioent
members who have pledged themselves
Our customary JULY SACRIFICE SALE OF ALL SPRING AND SUMMER
GOODS opened to an IMMENSE BUSINESS last week, but NOT ONE PAR- I
TICLE GREATER THAN WAS MERITED by the PRODIGIOUS REDUC-
TIONS with which it was inaugurated, and this warrants us in anticipating
a still greater rush THIS WEEK, as the advancing season FORCES US TO
STILL DEEPER CUTS on the lines specially selected for clearance, a few
of which we submit to illustrate the
IRRESISTIBLE VALUES OFFERED!
HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 12H Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out
at 12^c each.
ElBBjBES!
At 10 Cents a Yard.
2000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EM-
BROIDERY, regular price 20c, will be
closed out at 10c a yard.
BLACK ILTLACES!
At 50 Cents a Yard.
368 pieces BLACK SILK LACES, in Chan-
tiily, Guipure, Milanaise, Point de
Saze, Point deLisbonne, Marquise and
others, reduced fromsl, $1 25 andsl 50,
will be closed out this week at 50c a
yard.
veilinOeiling!
At 50c, 75c, 90c and $1.00 a Yard.
86 pieces CREAM CHANTILLY BOR-
DERED VEILING, three-quarter
wiath, in figured and dotted, ail new
designs, extra values.
LABffiS'IIpLOVES!
At 35 Cents.
LADIEB' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
8-button length, tan and mode shades,
broken sizes, worth $1, will be closed
out at 35c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
LADIEB' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
white, with black embroidered back,
worth $1, will be closed out at 65c a
pair.
At 65 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, worth
$1, will be closed out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered back,
all colors and black, worth $1 25, will
be closed out at 75c a pair.
to support the scheme. The owner of the
lot, Leventritt, will add an equal amount,
making a total of $3000, with which sum a
regulation ball court can be constructed.
"Director Short has further stated that in
the event of the directors approving of the
proposition as will be presented to them
at their next meeting, he will guarantee
an increase of new members whose
monthly dues will defray the rent of the
new ball court. I consider thia an excel
lent proposition, which certainly should
meet witu the approva' and approbation
ot the enterprising representatives of the
board."
The question will be discussed and defi
nitely decided upon to-morrow evening at
a meeting of the board. Leveatritt has
already moved the house which recently
stood in the rear of the lot to the front,
leaving a space of eighty feet on which
will be constructed the new court, if so
ordained by the powers that be.
VALUABLE COLLECTIONS.
Complete Files of Some of the Leading
Journals of New York and London.
One of the best collections which he had
offered him recently, he said, was one of
the late John Hoey of Long Branch, the
former president of the Adams Express
Company. The collection included com
plete files of the Tribune, the Herald, the
London Graphic and the London Illus
trated News since they were first pub
lished. It was Budd who first supplied
Mr. Hoey with these papers.
An idea can oe obtained of the value
that many people place on complete tiles
of newspapers, from the fact that Budd
said that he knew one man who has a tile
of a newspaper from 1835 to the present j
time, for which he wants $6000. Budd's
principal business now is supplying to
lawyers copies of old newspapers contain
ing legal advertisements or descriptions of
cases once tried in the courts. He recently
sold a copy of the Star (now defunct) pub
lished on January 13, 1863, to a law tirm in
the city.
lie received $25 for it, although it was
considerably charred by the fire through
which it had passed. This particular news
paper was wanted by the lawyers, as they
represent the people who claim the right
to run cars in Twenty-eighth and Twenty
ninth streets. The tracKS were laid sev
eral years ago, but no cars have ever been
run on them. The newspaper contained a
paid notice to the public that the adver
tisers had obtained the franchise to build
aud operate railroads in the streets speci
fied.—New York Tribune.
Tricks of an Old-Time Landlord.
Fragrant memories cluster around most
of the old-time tavern-keepers of Maine;
but the first landlord of ancient Ruxton
seems to have had ill-smelling talents for
swindling. One of his tricks was to bore
holes in the bottom ot the horse cribs
where the horses of strangers were stalled,
so that while me beastß were eating their
grain a portion would fall through into a
box underneath, kept there to receive it.
After being found out he tried another
trick, worth two of that. A man came
along one day and had his horse put up
for a feed. He had neard of the tricks of
the landlord and determined to nee that
his horse had the amount of grain that he
had paid for. So be stood by to see the
landlord come out of the grainroom with
the measure well heaped up, and
congratulated himself on getting a
good, liberal feed for bis horse by
seeing to it himself. • But while
be was waiting near by the horse
began to paw and whinny for more.
The man was surprised, and* to be sure
about it he examined the crib and found
the grain all gone. There were no ieaks
in the crib, and it puizled him for a while,
but after some investigation he found that
the oats bad been heaped all so generously
on the bottom of the measure. What a
mean-spirited rogue was he who would
cheat a tired horse.— Biddeford Journal.
George Vanderbilt opens his memorial
church at Bihmore, N. C, on July MX
He will take a select party of friends
South with him, and has been looking
after choir singers, who will be imported
for the purpose from the North.
WAISTS ANDJNDERWEAB!
At $2.00.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in fancy light
and dark shades, lined all through,
regular price $5, will be closed oat at
$2 each.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in fancy stripes, checks and
figures, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 50c each.
At $1.25.
LADIES' LAUNDERED BHIRT
WAISTS, detachable collars, Persian
patterns, regular price $1 75, will be
closed out at $1 25 each.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, finished
with collar and yoke trimmed with
embroidery, extra good value for 50c
each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, plaited back,
V-shaped yoke of insertion and em-
broidery, regular price |125, will be
closed out at 75c each.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED
SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON,
value 12> 3 c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 5 Cents.
No. 22 3-INCH FANCY STRIPED AND
BROCADED RIBBON, value 20c, will
be closed out at 5c a yard.
At 10 Cents.
No. 22 3-INCH DOUBLE.FACED BAIIN
RIBBON, assorted colors, value 30c,
will be closed out at 10c a yard.
At 10 Cents.
No. 30 4-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN
RIBBON, assorted colors, value 35c,
will be closed out at 10c a yard.
THEY WANT THE RED ROCK
The Richmond District People
Protest Against Street
Work.
A Petition to the Board of Super
visors That Was Not
Authorized.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Rlch
ond District Improvement Association
took place last Sunday to protest against
the bituminizing of Second avenue from
Lake to Point Lobos road, on Lake street,
from First to Third avenues.
The objection is based upon the fact that
there are only a few houses on some of
those four blocks. Consequently the side
sewer connections, gas and water pipes
have not been put down. When this is
done, as it will be in course of time, tne
bitumen will have to be torn up, resulting
in a patched, botched and ragged pavement.
On June 7 a petition for the paving of
these blocks went in to the Street Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors. It is
alleged that there was not a single signa
ture thereto, and the first the property
owners knew of the matter was a notice
of the Street Department. Another objec
tion of the residents is to the use of the
blue rock and the once they must pay for
it — about $3 per cubic yard — when ihere is
a quarry in the district of red rock that
will only cost 75 cents per yard. They
estimate that it will cost about $400 a block
more to pave with blue rock thau with the
red.
"It is all the work of the private con
tractor," said President Hubbs of the Rich- |
mond .District Association yesterday.
"The private contracior has the Street
Department, and, in fact, the whole town
is in his grip. The people who pay for
improvements are only asked to settle the
bills, which appears to be the only consid
eration shown them. We are protesting
against such work as this, and will fight
tne bine rock monopoly until the new
charter is adopted, and then we will have
some relief."
F. T. Newberry, a civil engineer living
at 203 Clement street, who assisted in the
construction of the Sutro electric road,
and who has had much experience in
street and road work, is strongly in favor
of the red rock.
"There is no question," said he m an in
terview yesterday, "regarding its superi
ority as a paving material. It is an
igneous rock mixed with a natural ce
roent. As is well known cement may be
clay baked and ground to powder. Now
the volcanic tires that burnt the Rich
mond District red rock baked the clay that
is mixed with it, so Mother Nature her
self prepared the material with which we
may pave our streets. The rock when
laid on the ground packs hard, and the
rock not being porous like tne blue one
from Telegraph Hill, is everlasting. This
excellent material costs 75 cents a yard,
while it costs $135 to pave every twenty
five-feet front in blue rock which politics
and a monopoly are forcing upon us.
"The red rock makes the be3t concrete
bed for bitumen and can be used without
any more cement than is naturally there.
Look at the fine work on Van Ness avenue
where it has been used. I'll tell you the
reason why there has been poor paving
work done. It is because of the rottenness
at the New City Hall. When we get the
new charter and the Board of Public
Works shall have appointed the City En
gineer we will begin to have good streets.
"George Black, a civil engineer of ex
perience in two continents, assisted in
paving Point Lobes road years ago, and
his work has stood for years and it is in
good order yet. He put coarse rock below
and the finer above and a compact mass
was the result. And it was with the red
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 25 Cents.
300 Dozen BRYN-MAWR HAND-COV-
EKED SHIELD BOWS, of colored and
black satins and failles. Consuelo Teck,
four-in-hand, adjustable bows and
club-house ties. : Regular price, 50
cents; will be fold at 25 cents each.
At 35 Cents.
175 Dozen BOYS 1 HEAVY PERCALE,
CALICO AND CHEVIOT WAISTS,
FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, with
ruffled fronts, collars and cuffs. Usual
price, 65 cents; • will be closed out at
35 cents. , '
At 15 Cents.
60 Dozen MENS' SUPER-WEIGHT NAT-
URAL MERINO HALF HOSE.
-■ Former price, 25 cents a pair; will be
• closed out at 15 cents.
At 50 Cents.
120 Dozen "EUREKA MILLS" SANI-
TARY GRAY WOOL UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS. Regular
price, $1 50 a suit ; will be closed out at
50 cents a garment.
LADIES' AM) CHILDREN'S
UNDERWEAR!
At 20 Cents.
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED EGYPTIAN
COTTON VESTS, low neck and
sleeveless, silk braided neck and arm-
lets. Reduced for this sale to 20 cents.
At 25 Cents.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN
COTTON VESTS, high neck, long
sleeves. Regular value, 50 cents;
reduced to 25 cents each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED ECRU
EGYPTIAN COTTON UNION SUITS,
high neck, long sleeves. Regular price,
. $1; reduced to 75 cents.
At 50 Cents.
BOYS' SILVER GRAY SANITARY
. WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
guaranteed non-shrinkable. Regular
. price, 85 cents and 90 cents; reduced
for this sale to 50 cents each. . '.". '■,■.
, . — — —
rock which lay, and still lies, close to hand.
"What is this 'rattler test' that we hear
so much about. This simply putting a
rock in a cylinder and rolling it around is
childish. A block of wood, a chunk of
soft clay or a doughnut will stand that so
called tefet. The way to test rock is with a
hammer. Any engineer knows that rock
in a pavement is never subjected to the
test, the same treatment as it is in this
'rattler' machine. In the roadbed each
stone lies close to its fellows, and is sub
jected to a pressure, not a jar or shock.
The 'rattler' business is a job of the mo
nopoly, not scientific nor practical. How
did the old Romans build their roads that
have outlasted empires, and now, after the
wear and tear of trampling centuries, are
imperishable? It was because they were
made well. There were no jobs and no
'rattler tests' when that work was done.
There were no private contractors there,
at least we see none of the ruins of their
work in the Roman pavement."
SOCIAL EVENTS.
Successful Musicale at the Women's
Union Kooms on Tan Ness
Avenue.
A varied and interesting programme of vocal
music was rendered last Tuesday night at the
Woman's Educational Union's headquarters,
7 Van Ness avenue, before a large assemblage.
Sacred selections were given by Mr 3. Annie K.
Shew and Senorita de Galvez. A bright bolero
was sung with much animation by Miss Grace
Sherry. The programme, which was under
the direction of Mme. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel,
was as follows:
Sacred song, "Aye Maria" (Luzzi); Spanish
air, "La Xaranjern" (ScochdoDole), Senorita
Adela de Galvez; duet, "The Merry Reapers"
(Campana), Mrs. H. Lewis and Miss Dora Cohn;
Pace's song, •'Ballo in Maschera" (Verdi),
Miss Jennie Johannsen; lied, "Auf Wieder
sehn" (Liebe), Herr Edward Lotz; bolero, "A
Gipsy Maiden" (Parker), Miss Grace Sherry;
songs, \a) "The Last Rose of Summer" (ar
ranged by Roeckel), (6) "The Parting Hour"
(Pache). Miss Julie Granice; sacred song, "O
wondrous Words" (Norris), Mrs. Annie K.
Shew: songs, (a) "ForeAer and a Day" (So
beskl), (6) "Sigh No More, Ladies" (Pommer),
Mi-> Emilie Schnieder; romance, "Asthore"
(Trotere), sung by eight voices; songs, "Love's
Nocturne" (Temple), "Jennie" (Roeckel),
Mrs H. Lewis.
A very pleasant surprise was tendered Henry
TobPlmann at his residence, 421 Hayes street,
in honor of the fiftieth anniversary of his
birth, on Tuesday evening, July 7. Music, reci
tations and dancing were in order until mid
nient, when the party proceeded to the beau
tifully decorated dining-room, where a hearty
repast was partaken of.
Among those present were: Miss Trilby
Walde, Miss Kittie Brandlein.Miss Anna Daly,
Miss Nellie Mahoney, Miss Dottie Tobelmann,
Miss Pauline W>tlde,Miss Winifred Tobelmann,
Mr. and Mrs. Frassi, Mr. and Mrs. Behmount,
Jack Daiy, A. Petersen, J. Leyders, C. Mangels,
F. Tobelmann, H. Wessa, J. Lillian, F. Ganner
and many others.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Scott of Gala Cottage,
Lorin, Cal.. were tendered a very pk-asant'sur
prise party on the anniversary of their wooden
wedding, Thursday evening, July 2, by a few
of their many friends. The rooms were gaiiy
decked with flowers ana ferns. Among the
features of the evening were songs and instru
mental selections, followed by dancing and
later on a sumptuous supper. The gathering
was composed of Mr. and Mrs. J. Baikie, Eric
Baikie, Mr. and Mrs. E. Snell, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Walker, the Misses Georgie and Christine Cole,"
the Misses alary and Anna Nicholson Miss
Minnie Clark, Miss I. Hotliday, Miss Irene
Lauder, the Misses Grace and "Jessie Little
the Misses Grace and Fannie Irwin, the Misses
Flory and Julia Dilion, Miss J. Ralston, Alex
Nicholson, Ernest West, John Little, L. S
Rodger*, L. A. Snell, George Little, L ' m'
David, Joshua Brock, Hurry Irwin, E. Claik
and Captam Charles Ott.
The latest arrivals at Mark West Springs in
clude Le-ter Ulfelder, Mrs. B. Strauss Miss
Strauss, Walter Rohlfls, D. Cahn and wife
Ei/.a H..esh. Mrs. F. Gerkens, F. Dittmer, Mrs!
L. Langer, Mrs. H. P. Bush and sou, Mrs Gla
ser and family, San Francisco; Captain Bou
drow and wife, Mrs. C. Shott. Miss C. Shott,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Boudrow, Berkeley; E. McAl
lister, San Rafael; J. W. Hahn, H. Allen and
wife, H. Handenfeft, H. Cosgriff, C. Gushing
Jr., L. Markus, H. Planz, L. Mualetteo an<
wife.
Late arrivals at Vichy Springs from San
Francisco include: Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Wil
kins, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Murphy, Mrs. Heuer,
Miss Heuer, H. B. Hosmer, W. D. Wi.son,
Mr. and Mrs. James Rountree, G. E. Gallagher,
W R. K. Young, L. F. Reichling, W. J. Flynn
and family, George B. Merrill, Tra L. Ramsdell
and family, Hon. P. Reddy, wife and maid;
SPECIAL-LINEN SALE.
THE GRANDEST VALUES YET OFFERED!
Fine and Medium Goods
At Less Than Imported Cost
BLEACHED HEAVY TABLE DAM-
ASK. closely woven, satin finish, Fjr^a
• reduced from. 75c yard t0... ....... wwu
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, solid, Close -
weave, 60 inches wide, reduced in*
from 55c yard to .— uu
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, pure .
linen, Irish manufacture, reduced M&n
from 60c yard to „..:... ...... *""
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, well made
and durable, Irish manufacture,
good line of designs, reduced *)\a
from 37^'cyard to ........••• U<JX)
% BLEACHED NAPKINS (21 inches I . a^
square), pure linen, nice designs, VI /£%
that were $1 60 dozen, reduced to | <pi««w
I BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS. ■ Irish I
linen, neat borders, that were «*1 Irv
$1 50 dozen, reduced t0........... 1 «P*« 1W
CHECK GLASS TOWELING , 18 inches I
wide, Irish linen, assorted checks, tic,
that was 10c yard, reduced to — . \ v v
EOF- SPECIAL-An accumulation of REM-
NANIS of TABLE DAMASK and PATTERN
TABLECLOTHS AND BROKEN LOTS OF
NAPKINS on sale this week.
CLOAK MpTMENT.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, made of
tan, black and navy blue cloth,
prettily embroidered in contrast- .
ing shades, neck finished with rib- <P1 Kll
bon and lace, worth $4, will be 1 ' t { v
closed out at.... Each..
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine mate-
rial, richly embroidered or braid-
ed, all lined with silk, ruche trim- •
mings at neck; also black velvet, . „
with jet trimming, all lined, rib- <P0 Fvjl
bon ruche at neck, worth $7 50, *P. Jt " v
reduced to .......... : - Each.
85 LADIES' SUITS, consisting of
Double-breasted Reefer and Skirt,
made of , black and navy Cheviot, «»O Aft
skirt lined throughout, worth •P »«' v
$7 50, will be closed out at Each.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts
and Double-breasted Jackets, in . A
black and navy Cheviots, lined «»(» All
throughout and neatly finished, I «pv.«fV
worth $10, will be cleaned out at | Each.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts
and Double-breasted Jackets, in
black and navy Serge, lined
throughout and neatly finished; .
also checks and mottled effects, in 9n r:A
shades of gray and tan, worth $10, «P • •*-» v
will be closed out at.... Each.
LADIES' SKIRTS, made of black and .
navy Cheviot, lined all through o»<J| IK
and finished with bias Velveteen, •^J.'jw
worth $4 50, will be closed oat at Each,
ZEPHYR_SHAWLS.
100 doz LADIES' ZEPHYR SHAWLS,
black, light blue, red, white, light OK ft
pink and mixed light shades, will ''"v
be closed out at • Each.
Miss Lillian Colemin, Mrs. P. J. Kennedy and
child. Miss S. E. Kelly, William •;• Fitch, Car
roll Cook and wiie. Miss Cook, Miss Houston
Cook, W. G. Brittain. Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Davis,
J Weat and family, J. Monahan, G. Goodman,
Mr and Mrs. T. B. Valentine, Philo Jacoby,
Dr. Margaret Mahoney, Miss Eily Mahoney;
J. P. Cochran, Guatemala; Mr. and Mrs. H. G.
Smith, Sacramento; Mrs. David Davis, Miss
Davis, Mrs. Cordiell, Oakland; Miss Kate
Menasses, Stockton; Miss May H. Sampson,
Miss H»zel Sampson, Berkeley; James Hunter.
Mii-s Lorretta Huuter, Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Peck,
Alameda; Mrs. H. D. Abbott, Denver, Colo.
Mrs. P. Lippitt. the Misses Florence and May
Lippitt ami Sidney G. Lippitt will remain at
the Sea B^HCh Hotel, Santa Cruz, during July.
Miss Xelye Giusti is visiting in San Jose and
Monterey. , __.. „
Mrs. Dr. A. W. Perry and daughters of 2711
Sacramento street are at Jeffries Hotel, Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Among the recent arrivals in London is Miss
Ethel Smith, the San Francisco violinist. Miss
Smith has been five years on the Continent.
She sails shortly for America, accompanied by
her mother and- sister.
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Rader have just returned
from Monterey, wnere they were enjoying the
weeks' flag-raising festivities.
The Misses Alice and Sue C. Vincent of 1519
Clay street are spending their vacation in
Salem, Or.
Miss Ella Hanlon, accompanied by her niece,
Ollle Greany, is visiting Mrs. B. Chambers and
Mrs. A. C. Satain of Cioverdale.
Mrs. H. Brinckerhoff arrived in the City the
4th inst. from Portland, Or., after a year's
absence.
Miss Frances C. Harrington has returned to
the City from Santa Cruz, and leaves on the
17th inst. lor Portland, Or.
Charles F. Ratto, the stock broker, has re*
turned from his northern trip.
On Tuesday last Mr. end Mrs. Samuel Rainey
visited Miss "Louise R. Hanlon and the Misses
McLane at CampTabasia, Xiles Canyon.
Mile. Elena Roeckel is visiting Miss Kate
Sheldon at her loveiy country home near Niles.
Miss Julie Hortense Granice of Sonoma is
visiting relatives in Alameda.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special FoflTs Week. -
mini, dutch cocoa.
New Arrival of Benadorp's Royal Dutch
Cocoa, can... ..;.:.....:. 150
Regular price -sc.
CAL. CLARET AND Zi\F\\DKL
• Special cut for Introduuctlon— Pearl Vine-
yard, Napa County, vintage 1890.
■ V Claret ..gallon, 40c: regular 750
Zlnfandel..... .gallon, 60c; regular $1 00
; BOSELESS SMOKED HERRISG. '
Beardsley's Star Brand . Boneless Herring,
delicious relish, skin and refuse carefully
reniovid, can . . .; ....100
j Regular price 25c.
WHISKY.
, ; /-; Rich and mellow (6 years), for family and _
medicinal use, gallon $2 SO
Regular price $3 50. .
i SMOKED SARDINES 15 OIL.
Direct importation from Norway, appetis-
■ ing delicacy, can 15c
; , Regular 20c.
! PORK AND BEASS.
! Van Camp's Boston Baked Beans; pre-
-. .• ':■. pared with Tomato Sauce— l-1 can, Sc;
" IMb can, 10c;S-lbcan. 15c. ■
■ j . , Regular price 10c, 15c and 20c.
) FRENCH CASTILE SOAP.
5 I Our own Importation of Virgin White
French Castile Soap. bar 250
' . • Regular 35c.
, Telephone South 398 :
- Send For Monthly Price List Free, r
» Country orders promptly attended to. "
? . Freight paid by us when within ioo miles.
- 13241326 MARKET ST.
. . Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall .
; AND 134 SIXTH ST.
',' '.. '. '-. \^f SAN FRANCISCO.
1 002. lOtk AND WASHINGTON STS. -» OAKLAND "
. 1731-1736 SBVZNTH STKST /BRANCHES '