VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 21.
LESS DANGER OF
WAR WITH SPAIN
Plenty of Precedents Are
Found «in Recognizing
the Cubans.
But Then Cameron's Resolution
Is a Long Way From
Passage.
Conservative Statesmen Say There
Will Ba No Serious Difficulty Be-
tweeo Cleveland and Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec 20.—
Neither Senator Sherman, chairman of
M:e Foreign Relations Committee, nor
Anator Morgan of that committee be-
Vves that there is any danger of war with
££>am as a result of the possible adoption
of the Cameron resolution. Both of them
were interviewed by The Call corre
spondent to-night. Senator Sherman
thinks the resolution is siniDly a recogni
tion of the "republic of Cuba," and as
such gives that country authority to send
representatives to the United States. Con
tinning he said :
'.'We recognized the independence of
Mexico, Peru, Bolivia, Chile and of other
South American republics while they were
sti:l struggling against Spain, and that
was not considered cause for war on the
part of that country.
"Spain recognized the independence of
the. Confederacy in 1861 before a single
battle bad been fought, if we except the
firing on Fort Sumter, and yet that was
not considered cause for war."
Senator Sherman said that in case the
President vetoed the resolution, it could
be passed over his i:ead.
Senator Morgan, in speaking of the
possibility of Spain securing the aid of
some other European power in war against
tbe United States, said:
"I do Dot think she could secure the as
sistance of any power aeainst us. You
must remember that Europe is an armed
camp. There are millions of men over
tbere under arms and for what? To watch
each otber. The moment any one of them
interfered she would find herself harassed
at home, but there is no reason why Spain
should become involved in war with us
simply because we recognize the inde
pendence of the Cubans. You nrobably
noticed that tbe resolution was amended
to read 'The Republic of Cuba,' but the
second section leaves a way out for Spain,
becauee it says that the United States will
use its friendly offices to bring the war to
a conclusion.
"There will be no undue haste in press
ing the resolutions to a vote. When laid
■ fore the Senate it will be accompanied
by a most voluminous report, going over
the wnole matter of the recognition of
belligerency for the past century by this
and other Governments. We want to see
this information published and have it go
before the people before any action by tbe
Senate is taken. In fact. I would like to
Bee the report co before the Spanish peo- j
pie before we adopt it, so they may all
understand it.
••I fully believe that Spain stands in
greater trouble to-day from internal dis
sensions than she does bom the rebellions
in Cuba and in the Philippines. Republi
canism is very strong in Spain, and any
act of the present Government that could
be used in bringing about its downfall
will be taken advantage of. Canovas
recognizes this, and he realizes that tbe
only way to maintain the national spirit
is to inflame the perpie against a common
eDemy."
The Cuban question and Secretary Ol
ney's statement of the executive position
may precipitate a debate in the Senate to
morrow that will set aside the regular
business assigned for the two days that
body will be in session before the holiday
recess. It is not improbable that some of
the more radical Cuban sympathizers will
start the discussion with the presentation
of Senator Cameron's resolntion shortly
after tbe morning hour.
Conservative Senators who have studied
the precedents are inclined to the opinion
that the talk about a serious difficulty be
tween the President and Congress has no
■ound foundation.
Cool heads will counsel moderation.
There is not the remotest probability of
Cameron's resolution recognizing the in
dependence of the republic of Cuba being
acted upon in the Benate before the holi
day recess. When the debate does begin
it is evident that Senators Morgan, Tsvis,
Chandler, Lodge and Mills will take a po
sition adverse to the Secretary of State,
and the discussion may be prolonged till
after the 4th of March.
It was agreed in the Committee on For
eign Relations that the report on the
Cameron resolution should be made to
morrow, and that the matter should not
be called up until after the holidays. This
agreement will be carried out.
OLNEY ACTED ADVISEDLI
Author it// I Upon Which He Intimated the
* - Function of the Executive. .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec There
' is every reason to believe that Secretary
Olney's declaration that recognition is ex
clusively an executive function was not
made until after that cautious and thor
ough deliberation which characterized his
conduct of the negotiations with Lord
Salisbury over the Venezuelan' contro
versy and other important official matters
which have called for his decisions since
he entered President Cleveland's Cabinet
• as Attorney-General nearly 'our years
aeo. It is well known in the highest of
ficial circles, especially in the Cabinet,
that questions of Presidential prerogative
, were forced upon him by his colleagues
among the executive's advisers at the
Jfoutset of this administration in connec
"mion with the perplexities that arose; in
The Hawaiian affair when the executive
was placed in direct antagonism with
Congress. The paramount mission of
Commissioner Blount to Honolulu ' was
understood to have been taken with the
Attorney-General's full indorsement, and
all the subsequent acts of tbe administra
tion with regard to the midocean republic
The San Francisco Call.
were said to have hart his approval, if, in
deed, they had not been inaugurated at
his suggestion.
In his official capacity Mr. Olney was
intimately associated with the President
in the steps which were taken to suppress
the great railway riots by the use of Fed
eral troops and throughout his occupancy
of the Department of Justice he was con
stantly called upon to declare executive
power under the constitution.
The sharp deruarkation of Congressional
and executive functions with respect to
purely international matters was pre
sented to him as the legal adviser of tbe
President upon the adoption of the Hoar
Turkish resolution, and at that time it
was understood that such instructions to
the President, whether in the form of con
current or joint resolutions, did not reauire
compliance. The President neither signed
nor di-approved the re-olutions, nor did
he transmit them to the Ottoman Porte.
The Cuban resolutions were similarly
ignored, though at the time of their adop
tion it was generally understood that Sec
retary Olney ad reached the conclusion
that their effect was conclusively ad
visory, however mandatory their language
might be.
It is pointed out by State Department
officials that Congress has never been con
firmed by the Supreme Court in its asser
tion of any powers not expressly given to
it by the constitution. In the event of the
recognition of either the belligerency or
independence of Cuba the first result, it is
held, would be the appearancb of an ac
credited Minister or other emissary of
that island. The contention is that under
the constitution the President is the sole
judge as to whether such emissary shall
be received. Precisely this emergency ha<
arisen in the past few weeks. The greater
republic o: Central America has come into
existence and its accredited Minister, Mr.
Ruduer.ey, has been in Washington a
fortnight. He has not been received by
the President nor has the American charge
at Managua been authorized formally to
recognze the new arrangement.
The President also took his own time in
recognizing the Provisional Government
of Hawaii and also the Dole Government.
Frequently prompt recognition of a foreign
Government has taken place without any
thought of possible approval or disap
proval of Congress, notably when Presi
dent Harrison acted upon the termination
of the Chilean revolution. The same wa
aiso the case upon the establishment of
tbe present republic of France and the
republic of Brazil. Another recent case
of exercise of the President's authority in
receiving and dealing with foreign Minis
ters occurred in the dismissal of Sir Sack
vilie West, the British Minister. While
this caused no disruption of oor relations
with England, it is held that it showed it
to be the President's power to act without
consulting Congress, and it was execu
tive action which might have led to war.
In this connection it is also pointed out
that while Congress can alone declare war.
it is cleariy within the power of the Presi
dent by his own action to bring about a
war, which, if declared by an opponent,
would create a condition be would be com
pelled to meet until Congresn could assem
ble and act.
NO DANGER OF A RUPTURE
Spain ;Aot in ~~d' J Hurry to Croat Sword.%
With tho United States.
MADRID, Spain, Dec. 20.— Senor Cano
vas del Castillo, Prime Minister',. has re
ceived the official text of President Cleve
land's message to the American Congress,
and will shortly make a declaration' on
that part of the document which refers to
the Cuban 1 question. Conferences have
been held, 'luring the past few days be
tween tie most prominent men in politi
cal life in Spain with the object of peeking
a solution of the problem which confronts
the Government ami which it is possible
might canst a war with the United States.
.It is conceded in political circles that
the situation is grave, but it is thought
that the willingness of Spain to grant re
forms in the Spanish West Indies should
tend to avert any display of aggressive
ness on the part of the United States. One
point is settled upon, and that is that no
reforms shall. be put into effect in Cuba
until the insurrection be suppressed, for it
is held that to offer reforms with the
Cubans still in arms would indicate weak
ness on the part of Spain and would also
be derogatory to Spanish honor.
Though indignation caused by receipt of
the news of tbe action of the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the American
Senate shows little significance, there has
not been many manifestations over its
representatives in Spain. That such mani
lestations were expected is shown by the
fact that police and gendarmes were de
tailed to guard the American legation
here and precautions were taken elsewhere
to protect the various consulates of the
United States should tbe excited people
attempt to make an attack or them.
Orders were sent to the Governors of sev
eral provinces to prohibit any anti-Amer
ican demonstrations, and from dispatches
received to-day from provincial capitals it
is known that the orders were faithfully
carried out.
Prominent politicians confirm the state
ments contained in yesterday's dispatches
to the United Associated Presses that it is
tbe intention of tbe Government, when
the opportune time arrives, to put into
effect in Cuba uolitical and economical re
forms which it is said will be wider in
their scope than those proposed by the
Cortes last year.
The death is denied to-day of Senor Don
Manuel Decuerra, Minister of the Colonies.
He was very popular, and it is said of him
that one time he hindered the sale of Cuba
to the United States.
The Epoca, the organ of Senor Cano
vas and tbe Ministerialists, in comment
ing on the situation, says that Spain
needs at the present moment much calm,
sound judgment on the part of the pub
lic to avoid greater difficulties than those
the Government is now facing. As lor.g
as prudence is compatible with national
honor, Spain has nothing to do save to
defend her rights if they are attacked. A
recognition of belligerency is nut a casus
belli unless such recognition is granted by
an interested nation. Formerly S| am
recognized the belligerency of the South
ern States of America, despite the protest
of the Federal Government, which did
not rogard the attitude of European gov
ernments in this matter as a casus belli.
If the act indicated by the Cameron
resolution shall be consummated, Spain
will protest, thereby greatly straining the
relations between ti.e Unite- States and
Spain, but the Spaniards must now forget
the attitude of th« powers which, after
President Cleveland's declaration anent
tbe Anglo- Venezuelan dispute, abstained
from an intervsntion. Spain ought to
keep account of all these precedents.
Prime Minister Canovas holds that un
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
SANTA GLAUS— They are pretty good papers, but I shall waft for the Christmas "Call."
der the framing cf Senator Cameron's res
olution there will be no armed interven
tion on tbe part of the United States in
Cuban territory. Though the partisans of
the proposal may obtain the necessary
votes to override the veto which he be
lieves President Cleveland will interpose
and so make the resolution an obligatory
act of Congress, it would only affect a
recognition of the independence of Cuba
and lead to an offer of its gr od ofnees by
the United States to terminate the war.
With whatever officiousness the United
States may interpose, Spain will retain the
right tn accept or nject the offer of the
American good offices. if the United
States recognizes the independenae of
Cuba she will then have to recognize the
laws of neutrality. If she recognizes the
belligerency of the Cubans, Spain will
have the right to stop and visit American
vessels at sea.
Senor Canovas does not think that tbe
Cameron resolution need cause serious
perturbation. It will only make the rela
tions between Spain and the United States
more strained, but need not cause a rup
ture. He will never consent to foreign
interference in what is a question of Span
ish domestic politics. Spain will regulate
her acts 30 that nobody will be able to say
that she made war upon another power,
yet she will always repel aggression. The
tone of the newspapers generally is more
moderate to-day than it was yesterday.
They contain little to excite the populace.
MANY MEN COLENTERS
General Colby Would Bare Ao Trouble to
Raise an Army.
BEATRICE, Nebb., Dec. 20.— General L.
W. Colby, ex-Assistant United States At
torney-General, whose proposition to raise
an army of 10,000 men to fight for Cuba
was given publicity tn rough the United
Associated Presses, is receiving letters and
telegrams from all over the country in
dorsing his plan, urging him to continue
in his efforts and asking to be enrolled as
volunteers.
One of these is from Colonel Robert Mc-
Reynolds of Oklahoma who says: "1 see
by the dispatches what you say regarding
Cuba. I want you to count me in with
100 of the finest shots in this Territory. I
want to be with you — on your staff, ii pos
sible. I have been agitating the question
for a year and a half now, and am in
earnest in every word I say."
Colonel Me Reynolds served under Gen
eral Colby in the Sioux campaign at
Wounded Knee. Last winter he went to
Cuba and fought with the insurgents as a
private. He is the man who at Galveston
was threatened with arrest by Federal
officials Jor advertising for "one hundred
men well armed, of undoubted bravery, to
go on the Gulf of Mexico to shoot geese."
Tbe words "shoot geese" was merely a
blind as he subsequently admitted.
The prominence of General Colby and
his unquestioned sincerity has made of
the matter which was at first thought to
be but an idle threat a serious possibility.
SENATOR ALLEN`S VIEWS
Say it la High ; 'Jitne \to Recognize the
,'■-. Insurgents.
OMAHA, Nebb., De.;. 20.— Senator Wil
liam V. Allen J arrived from Washington
yesterday afternoon. The Senator was
very emphatic in his declarations upon the
Cuban question and the Cameron joint
resolution, '■';"'■;'' '_-:.- : '■'/ '"■':.'..):'''.:„ i'-
"A number of things have operated in
the last few days," said be, "which ac
count for the apparent unanimity of
opinion among members of Committee on
Continued on Hccmnd Page.
JUDGE McKENKA
THE FAVORITE
Leads in the Race of the
Californians for a Place
in the Cabinet.
Major McKinley Would Be Glad
to Honor His Friend and
Former Associate.
Senator Perkins Says tbe Memorial
Urging Horace Davis* Appointment
Has Not Tet Gone to Canton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— The
Call correspondent learned to-night from
a reliable source that President-elect Me-
Kinley is considering the advisability of
appointing United States Circuit Judge
McKenna a member of bis Cabinet.
The rumor has been circulated in
Washington for several weeks among
the California colony, but only
within a few days has it been seri
ously considered. Several Californians
who have stopped off at Canton to see the
President-elect have reported him as say
ing that he would be glad to appoint some
Pacific Coast man in his Cabinet, but that
the factional differences in California ren
dered it difficult to make a selection from
that State. In all these conversations he
dwelt upon the name of Judge McKenna,
who served with him upon the Ways and
Means Committee in the Fifty-first Con
gress when the McKinley tariff bill was
formulated.
It is said by Culifornians here that Mr.
McKinley has always entertained a hieh
opinion of Judge McKenna's ability, and
furthermore, that quite a warm friendship
was established between the two during
their service together on the Ways and
Means Committee.
Senator Perkins and others of the Cali
fornia delegation were seen by The Call
correspondent to-nieht and asked if they
had any definite information that Major
MrKinley was considering Judge Mc-
Kenna in connection with an appoint
CAPTAIN MERRY MAY BE APPOINTED.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— 1t is not impossible that Captain William L. Merry of Ban Francisco will be appointed
Commissioner of Navigation under the Treasury Department. Boards of Trade and Chambers of Commerce of California
have taken an active interest in his behalf, and The Call correspondent learns to-night that Captain Merry will ba in
dorsed for this place probably by all of the California delegation.
Senator Perkins paid high tribute to the ability and character of Captain Merry, who has been president of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce and is now connected with it. Senator Perkins said he believed that no better appoint
ment could be made. It would be oi vast benefit to the shipping interest of the Pacific Coast, as the captain was familiar
with every part of it. He had been a sailor "before the mast" as well as captain of a vessel, and knew every want of ship
ping interests of the coast.
Senator Perkins also complimented Captain Merry's literary ability, and said that his contributions to Nicaragua canal
literature were invaluable, and would prove to be of vast benefit in the attempt to secure the passage of the Nicaragua
canal bill. Apropos of tbe canal. Representative Barham said to The Call correspondent to-night that in a few days he
and other members of the House will wait upon Speaker Reed and the Rules Committee in an endeavor to have that com
mittee set a time for consideration for the bill. Mr. Barham believes that the opposition to the bill is weakening, and be
is hopeful that it may be passed.
ment. AH acknowledged that, they had
heard reports of that kind from gentlemen
recently arrived from Canton, but they
had not attached any importance to them
until the last few days. Senator Perkins
admitted that he had received informa
tion to ibis effect from some Californians
who had recently come from Canton, and
while he said that he bad no means of
knowing McKinley's intentions, declared
that it would not surprise him if the ten
der of a Cabinet position should be made
to Judge McKenna, inasmuch as the two
were well acquainted and the President
elect had such a high opinion of the Judge.
The Call correspondent asked Senator
Perkins whether it was true, as reported
here, that tbe California delegation, after
recommending Horace Davis for a Cabinet
position, had concluded not to send such
a recommendation to Major McKinley in
view of certain letters received from Cali
fornia since the delegation met in caucus
and indorsed Davis.
Mr. Perkins said : "It is true that letters
have been received from California, but it
is not true that the delegation has con
cluded to withdraw its indorsement of
Mr. Davis. Acting in my capacity as
chairman of the conference of the dele
gation I appointed a committee of three
to draft that memorial to Major Mc-
Kinley, expressing the pleasure of that
caucus. It is understood that Major Mc-
Kinley has left Canton and is now in
Chicago, and the memorial could not with
propriety be sent to him until he returns
home."
"But how long will the delegation wait
before forwarding the memorial to him ?"
Senator Perkins was asked.
•'That I cannot tell," said he, "ai the
committee of three has charge of the
memorial."
It is believed here that, although the
delegation has not decided to withdraw
its indorsement of Davis, they have con
cluded to "make haste slowly" and to
withhold the indorsement as expressed in
the memorial to Major McKinley until
they have had a chance to hear the popu
lar expression of Californians in all sec
tions of the State. In other words the in
dorsement of Davis was merely a "feeler."
Representative Loud is considerably dis
turbed on account of reports sent from
Washington stating that at the caucus he
had declared he bad authority to with
draw De Young's name. Mr. Loud's em
barrassment is not lessened any by the
receipt of the press cablegram from De
Young stating that Mr. Loud did not
state in so many words to the caucus that
he had authority from Mr. de Young to
withdraw his name, but that he stated
that he bad heard De Young say in the
presence of two otfier gentlemen that he
was not a candidate for a Cabinet place
and that this statement of Loud's caused
Grove Johnson to cast his vote for Davis.
GREETED WITH APPLAUSE.
Major IHcKinleti Cannot Etoape Admi-
ration Even on Sunday.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 20.— A burst of
applause with the same hearty cries sur
prised and greeted Major McKinley when
his carriage drove up to tbe Sixth Presby
terian Church on Vernon avenue this
morning. The sidewalk was crowded with
people who were unable to find seats in
the house of worship. Scores of persons
lingered about tbe vestibule, the doors
and the street in front of the church dur
ing the service, and when Major McKln
iey came out after the morning services
the cheering and applauding was repeated.
Consideration of the day and place did
not restrain these enthusiastic Chica«o
admirers of the President-elect. It was
partially to avoid similar demonstrations
that Major McKinley remained so quietly
at the homes of his friends during the
week and declined invitations to visit any
of the theaters. He did not suppose en
thusiasm would express itself so emphati
cally on the Sabbath.
Major and Mrs. McKinley drove to the
West Side after church and dined with a
relative. The rest of the day was spent
very quietly.
STARTED BY THE INMATES.
Cause of the Fierce Fire in the Missouri
Penitentiary Traced to a Plot
of Convicts.
JEFFERSON, Mo., Dec 20.— The source
of last night's fire in State Prison has been
traced to a gang of thirty-three convicts,
some one of whom fired a bundle of refuse
under a stairway in the clothing depart
ment. Tbe fire smoldered until nearly
midnight, when it burst into a blaze. Tne
incendiary act was no doubt done in a
hope to escape during the confusion. Not
withstanding the great excitement War
den Payne and the guards at no time lost
control of tbe prisoners. The clothing de
partment is located in cell building 1, and
while the guards were transferring the
convicts from this building into cell build
ing 3 two convicts attempted to escape,
but both were captured before they got
away from the building. Great bravery
was shown by the convicts, who were re
leased from their cells to help extinguist
the fire. A convict from St. Louis, who
at one time belonged to the fire depart
ment of that city, acted as captain to the
Sate Fire Department! The Star Cloth
ing Company, which is also situated in
the same building as the State Depart
ment, was at one time in great danger of
having its entire stock of clothing de
stroyed.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SECRET TRIAL OF
THE ANARCHISTS
E ght Bomb- Throwers Are
Condemned to Pay the
Death Penalty.
Mystery Surrounds the Fate of
the Remainder of the
Prisoners.
In the Vau't of a Fortress the Spanish
Officials Court-Martial All of
the Accused.
BARCELONA, Spain, Dec. 20.— Eight
of the anarchists who were convicted of
complicity in the bomb throwing that
occurred here in June last have been sen
tenced to death by the court-martial, be
fore which they were tried. The Attorney-
General, who personally conducted th«
prosecution, asked the court-martial to
sentence twenty-eight of the prisoners to
death and fifty-six to penal servitude for
life. The proceedings were markeri with
the strictest secrecy, it being feared that
the anarchists, of whom there are many in
Barcelona, would make a demonstration if
the fact of condemnation and sentencing of
the prisoners should become generally
known. The court-martial met in a vault
in the fortress of Mont Juich, and only
military officers were allowed to be pres
ent at the trial.
The crime for which the eight anarchists
will suffer death was committed on June
7, on the occasion of a religious procession
in celebration of Corpus Christi. Just as
the procession was entering the Church of
Sania Maria de la Mara bomb was thrown
into the crowd that was watching the
ceremony. The missile exploded with
ereat violence, killing twelve persons in
stantly and wounding fifty others, some
of whom subsequently A large
number of arrests were made, and eighty
jour of the prisoners were held to await
trial. Eight of them will be shot. It 13
not known what sentence has been passed
on the others.
FIFE PERSONS BURNED TO DEATH
Exploaion of a Cool-Oil LatnpCausem
a Family Holocaust.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 20.— A family
of five persons were burned to death in
their home, 514 East Fifty-eighth street,
to-night. The dead are: Aaron Gold
smith, 45 years old, wholesale liquor
dealer; Mrs. Katilda Goldsmith, 53 years;
Bertha Goldsmith, 10 years; Hattie Gold
smith, 8 years; Frank GoMsraith, 6 years.
The only other person in the house at
the time of fie fire was Mary Koska. 20
years old, the servant of the family. She
escaped by jumping out of a second-story
window to the rear yard and running
through tbe basement hall to the street
in front of the house.
The fire was caused by the explosion of
a piano-lamp in the parlor.
FOUGHT TO THE DEATH.
Enemies Meet in 'lmnetste and a Duel
With Revolvers Knauea.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 20— A special to
the Constitution from Knoxville, Term.,
says : A Sunday duel with revolvers, in
wnich both participants were killed, oc
curred to-day in Campbell County. The
scene of the duel was nine miles out.
Lincoln Baird and William Miller, two
young men, had for some time been ene
mies. They met in the road and renewed
the quarrel. Both men fired several shots
and both fell on the ground mortally
wounded. The sound of the shots at
tracted the attention of the nearest inhab
itants, who on going to the scene found
both men lying on the ground dead.
Clinton O. Hn/icoek Dead.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Dec 20.—Clin
ton G. Hancock, general passenger agent
of tbe Reading Railroad Company, died
to-day.
KEW TO-DAY.
Tarn O'Shanter's ride through the
midnight wind with the horrible hob-
foblins pursuing him was only a bad
ream, or nightmare, which anybody is
liable to experience as the result of over-
eating or an attack of biliousness or in-
digestion. To avoid such disagreeable
experiences one or two of Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets should be taken after a
too hearty meal and the action of the
stomach will thereby be quickened and
the meal promptly digested.
Then too if Nature be assisted a little
now and then in removing offending
matter from the stomach and bowels you
will thereby avoid a multitude of dis-
tressing derangements and diseases, and
will have less frequent need for your
doctors' services.
Of all known agents for this purpose,
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are the best.
Their secondary effect is to keep the
bowels open and regular, not to further
constipate, as is the case with other pills.
Hence, their great popularity with suf-
ferers from habitual constipation, piles
and their attendant discomfort and man-
ifold derangements.
The Pellets cure biliousness, sick and
bilious headache, dizziness, costiveness,
or constipation, sour stomach, loss of ap-
petite, coated tongue, indigestion, or
dyspepsia, windy belchings, "heart-
burn, 1 ' pain and distress after eating,
and kindred derangements of the liver,
stomach and bowels. One little "Pel-
let" is a laxative, two are mildly ca-
thartic2
SUSPENSION OF
A NATIONAL BANK
Capital Imperiled by Some
Most Unwarranted
Loans.
Other Failures May Follow the
Collapse of the Well-Known
Concern.
There Is Twelvs Million Dol'ars in
Deposits That May Be Tied Up
by the Failure.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 2L— The National
Back of Illinois has been suspended by
the clearing-house. It is said the bank
will not open its doors in the morning.
The officers of the National Bank of Illi
nois are: George Schneider, president;
Walter L. Peck, vice-president; William
A. Hammond, second vice-president, and
Carl Moll, cashier. The bank is located at
115 Dearborn street.
The action suspending the bank was
taken at a specially called meeting of the
Clearing-House Association. The meet
ing was called at tbe residence of E bridge
Keith, who is secretary of the committee,
and was held shortly after midnight. It
was shown that the bank had made un
warrantable and injudicious loans, and
that in consequence the capital and sur
plus of the bank have been seriously im
periled. It is believed that many failures
will result from the collapse of the Na
tional Bank of Illinois.
The resolution adopted by the Clearing
house committee is as follows:
Whereas, The attention oi this committee
has been lately called to the administration ot
the affairs of the National Bank of Illinois,
and it now appears, through statements ioa.de
to this committee by one of the vice-presidents
of said bank acd from the reports of tbe Na
tional Bank Commissioner, that by reason of
unwarrantable and injudicious loans the cap
ital and surplus of said bank is seriously im
periled if not entirely lost; now, therefore.
Resolved, That under the powers couierred
upou this committ c by the by-laws of the
Clearing-bouse Association of Chicago, we go
hereby suspend said National Bank of. Illinois
from the privileges of membership In said as
sociation, to take effect immediately.
Resolved, That the secretary of this com
mittee be and he is hereby instructed to
a copy of these resolutions to each member of
the association and to report the same at a
general meeting of the association, to be held
on Monday, December 21, at 3:30 o'clock p. m.
Iv taking this action the committee deems
It proper to say:
First— That the cuh reserves of the bank
are within the requirements of law, and if as
a result of this action said bank should sus
pend payment and liquidate its liabilities a
large and speedy dividend will be made avail
able to creditors.
Second— lt is the declared opinion of the of
ficers and directors of the bank that its re
sources are ample to pay all its liabilities Ih
full, and it is the opinion of this committee
that adjusted claims against said bank may be
considered ample collateral security for loans
of 75 per cent of their face value. And m
event of liquidation of said bank we will rec
ommend to the association banks an arrange
ment whereby such loans may be available to
creditors of laid bank as their convenience
may require.
Pierre Lomard,
Lyman J. Gage.
Orox Smith,
C. J. Blaie,
E. G. Keith.
The National Bank of Illinois is the
second largest bank in Chicago and was
established in 1871. It ha 3 a capital stock
of $1,000 000 and a surplus of $1,000,000
and $300,000 undivided profits. The
amount of money deposited in the bank
is $12,000,000.
Tnereisa larga number of big business
firms who transact business at the Na
tional Bank of Illinois and it is believed
that several failures will follow in a day
or two. The rumor gained credence that
one of the State-street department
stores is seriously involved and may not
conclude its Monday's business.
President Schneider, who i 3 also treas
urer of the Chicago Associated Press, de
clined to be seen, and numerous rings on
the bell in his Michigan-avenue home
were unanswered.
LESS DANGER OF
WAR WITH SPAIN
[ Continued from First Paoe.\
Foreign Affairs, and the entire Congress
for that matter. The story of General An
tonio Maceo's death — and there seems to
be little doubt but that ha was ambushed —
has had much to do with the determina
tion ot Congress to take immediate action.
"The stories of shocking brutality with
which the Spanish treated the children
and families of insurgents have also had a
strong effect upon the most conser
vative members of the committee. The
resolution will be taken up immediately
after the holidays, I think, and will be
discussed perhaps ten or twelve days, and
then passed up to the President. From
Secretary Olney's letter the almost certain
inference is that Cleveland will veto the
resolution.
"But it is within the limits of the power
of Congress to pass the bill ovtr the veto,
and that can be done, I think, without
any doubt. Secretary Olney's position in
claiming that the power to issue such a
mandate rests with the Chief Executive is
wrong.* When a joint resolution is passed
by a sufficient majority it is a law, and
the power to recognize Cuba's independ
ence remains with Congress, which is
made up of a body of men elected by the
people and voicing the people's senti
ments.. When that sentiment is em
phatically expressed over the power of
veto '.he President is merely the instru
carry out its behests. Thus Congress has
the powe*r to declare war and make
peace."
"Do you think Spain would declare
war?"
"I think thaje is no probability of it. It
would be inertly a bloff if she did. Spain
i.i eiu.iu».fU ami poVci iy-3iricaeu au-« it
would be the sheerest lolly for her to take
up arms against a country like this."
"Does the passage of the resolution
mean Cuban independence?"
"Nothing else, as I can see. That is the
whole size of it, and the sooner it is done
the better. The United States is the
guardian of this hemisphere and under
the circumstances it is her bounden duty
to interfere."
SPANIARDS YET CELEBRATING
They Take It for Granted That General
Macro Is Dead.
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 20.— The demon
strations of joy over the death of Maceo
have not yet ended. There was a largely
attended excursion to-day from Havana to
Punta Brava in honor of Major Cirujeda's
column which kiiled the rebel leader.
The affair was organized by natives of Ga
iicia, Major Cirujeda's native province,
and was made the occasion for a great dis
play of patriotic enthusiasm. Many
speeches were made on the trip predicting
the speedy collapse of the rebellion and
exalting the performances of the Spanish
soldiery. When the excursionists arrived
at Punta Brava they were received by the
officers of Major Cirujeda's column and
there were further speeches and jubila
tion. Gifts were presented to the officers
of the command and a banquet was given
to the men. Most of the prominent Gal
iejosin the city took part in the excursion.
CANNOT PASS AT PRESENT
Western Conqreistnen Talk About the
f atneron Resolution.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 20.— A number of
Congressmen on the way home for the
holidays spent Sunday in Chicago. Rep
resentative Perkins of lowa was seen by
a United Associated Presses reporter and
asked re>;ardini; Cameron's resolution.
"The chances are," said he, "that Con
gress will do nothing with the Cameron
resolution before the 4th of March. The
House o! Representatives is disposed to be
more conservative than some of the news
papers make it. My observation is that
opinion is in favor of considering the mat
ter carefully, and if the Speaker is not in
favor of the resolution it may never get
out of the committee. It is likely, too,
that it may not come ovpt from the Senate
much before the first of February.''
The belief is current among the Western
members of Congress who were here to
day that Major McKinley would not iook
with favor upon an}' action by Congress
on the Cuban question which savored of
haste and undue excitement.
GENERAL L. A. RETURNING
Has Xothtna to Sat/ About Cuba While
On the flay to Havana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 20.—Con
sui-General Fi;zhugh Lee, accompanied
b> his wife and daughter, arrived in
Washington from New York at an early
hour this morning in the private car of
President Duval of the Florida Central
and Peninsular Railway. After a brief
stop at Washington the party continued
their journey by the Southern railway
train at 11:15 A. M. They will retain the
private car to Tampa, where they are due
Monday morning, and will leave Tampa
for Havana on Monday evening's steamer.
General Lee saw a few friends during his
brief stay, and it U understood he had a
chat with Secretary Olney. He had
nothing to give out as to his plans or in
structions anl would not discuss the latest
phase of the Cuban situation.
Friendi of Citba to Parade.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— The American
friends of »~uba have completed all ar
rang'-ments for a big parade and demon
stration through the streets of this city
to-morrow. The paraders will carry
American flags and torches.
WAS DRIVEN TO THE WALL.
Being Vtintile 1o Retreat Further Ernest
Hfiir'l KU- H. JH. Sottingham.
RED CLIFF, Colo.. Dec. 20.— Driven to
the wall by a man who accused him of
alienating iiis wife's affections Ernest
Hurii this morning shot and killed W. H.
Nottingham, County Commissioner of
Eagle County, and one of the most promi
nent men in this section of the Stat».
Hurd had been a member of tbe house
hold for several years, and recently Peter
Puder, another member of the firm, hod
been accused of the same thing and com
mitted suic.de.
Two weeks aeo Nottingham shot at Hurd
and was placed under bonds. To-day the
men met on tbe street, and Hurd in trying
to escape from the infuriated man re
treated into a stable and after reaching
the loft, finding no means of escape and
confronted by the desperate man, Hurd
turned and shot him through the heart
and lungs. Nottinehamdied in his tracks,
before he could fire a shot. Yesterday
Nottingham secured a warrant for his
wife, whom he says threatened him.
Bryan L*nres f<.r Atlanta.
LINCOLN, Nebb.. Dec. 20.— W. J. Bryan
lelt at 2 o'clock to-day for Atlanta, Ga.
He will lecture in that city on the evening
of the 24th, and may spend Christmas with
friends there, but will return to Lincoln in
time to be present at the banquet to be
tendered in his honor on the evening of
the 28;h by the local Traveling Men's Bi
metallic Club. Mr. Bryan was asked be
fore leaving to express himself on the
Cuban question, but declined, saving he
had not the time, nor was he disposed to
discuss that question yet.
Senator Warren* Condition.
CHICAGO. 111., Dec. 20.— Senator Fran
cis £. Warren, who was operated upon at
the Auditorium annex last Friday for ap
pendicitis, is still in a dangerous condi
tion. The physicians, however, have
hopes for his recovery, and say that he
wi.l have passed the critical point within
another day. He suffered greatly to-day,
but his condition is said to have become
not more serious.
KEW TO-DAT.
*i&**' c ' i * worth a view.
We are showing a line of the famous Blue
Flame Oil Cook btoves. See them once and.
they'll make you forget all other cook stoves*
JOHN F.MYERS CO.,
947 Market St.. Next Door to Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
HAVEHEYER AND
THE ARBUCKLES
New Turn in the Merry
War Between the Great
Rival Concerns.
Tha Sugar Trust Tryirg to Kee^
the Coffee and Spice Men
Out ot Competition.
Now the American Refining Company
Secures the Woolson Mills, but
May Compromise'
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 20.— 1f the
report that the American Refining Com
pany, Known as the sujrar trust, has se
cured the Spice Company of Toledo be
true it is not improbable that the result
may be a deal between the trust and
Arbuckle Bros. The Arbuckles may
abandon their intention to build a sugar
rehnery in consideration of the sugar
trust turning over to them the Woolson
Company. The Ar buckles proposed to
build a refinery with a capacity of 2000
barrels a day. or, practically, 600,000 bar
rels a year. This is a big trade to lose.
There would be more money for the tru*t
in keeping it than in going into the coffee
trust and grinding business in opposition
to the Arburkles. There is some reason
for the trust engaging in the distilling of
spirits, for it can utilize the product of
its sugar refineries, which now largely
goes to waste. It has not yet started up
its distillery in Brooklyn.
The tight between the sugar trust and
the Arbuckles began a year ago. About
that time the Arbuckles particularly
wanted a large lot of sugar for their coffee
trade, which the trust could not or would
not furnish. The Arbuckles were pro
voked and at once began planning to
mate sugar for themselves. They opened
negotiations for the purchase of the Cam
den (N. J. ) sugar refinery, which was in
course of construction and was recently
finished. The trust stepped in and bought
the refinery, whereupon the Arbuckles de
clared tueir intention to build a refinery
adjacent to their coffee works in Brook
lyn. The trust decided to make war on
the Arbuckles. It fitted up one of its idle
refineries with a coffee-roasting outfit.
This outfit stands idle to-day, because the
trust found a belter move could be made
by buying out the Arbuckles' principal
competitor, the Woolson Company. Be
fore this was done, it U said, the trust
learned that the Arbuckles had under
taken a bull deal in coffee and bad loaded
up with a large lot of green coffee. The
trust 6aw its opportunity to force down
coffee. The fir.^t drop took place last week.
The su^ar trust has offered to exchange
its common stock, dollar for dollar, for
the stock of the Baltimore Sugar Refinery,
and to pay par in cash for the preferred
stock. The offer Das been accepted. The
trust owned a majority of stock of the
Baltimore rehnery, and when it put in its
own directors and shut down the refinery
the minority stockholders raised a fight.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec 20.— A special
from Toledo. Ohio, says: The immense
deal by which the sugar trust comes into
the control of the Woolson Spice Com
pany has been closed and the money paid
over. Notwithstanding the fact that
Havemeyer's agents have been in Toledo
for a month, nobody but the directors of
the Woolson Company was aware of the
fact. Lawrence Newman has been in
New York for a week to close the deal and
the transfer. One singular fact is, not
withstanding tbe big price paid, the
Woolson people were forced into making
the deal. Havemeyer desired to make a
fight on Arbuckle. and to do it it was
necessary he should meet him in his own
field — coffee.
When first approached tbe Woolson
people asked $1500 a share. Havemeyer
refused to treat on such terms. Hf wou d
give $1000. Havemeyer was willing to put
$2,000,000 or thereabouts in the purchase
of a club with whica to thrash ArbucKle.
This was some weeks ago. It was found
that the book value of stock was over
$1200. He threatened to establish a coffee
plant and go into business on a lame
scale. He would cut prices so that tbe
competition would hurt the W T oolson peo
ple quite as much as it would the Ar
buckles.
Mr. Newman went on to New York and
saw Mr. Havemeyer and an agreement
was reached. It was that tbe sugar trust
people should get 1100 of the 1800 shares
of stock at $1150 per share. So the sale in
round numbers was $1,265,000 for eleven
eighteenths of the entire stock. So se
cretly were the negotiations conducted
that it is said smaller stockholders were
not aware of the deal until they read it in
the papers yesterday. It is understood in
Toledo that when Havemeyer gets
through with the Arbuckles the prooerty
will revert back to the Toledo owners.
IDLE MEN GROW DESPERATE.
At a Mass-Meeting in Denver Ministers
Join the Unemployed in Denounc
ing the City Council.
DENVER, Colo., Dec 20.— Pour thou
sand men who, by their resolutions, their
statements and their actions, declaimed
that they were out of work, starving, o:
on the verse of starvation, met in the
Coiiseani hall this afternoon and listened
to a number of red-hot speecbes against
the City Council. The meeting was held in
the Coliseum hall in response to a call.
The speakers were Rev. Thomas Uzzell
and Rev. Myron W. Reed, the gentlemen
who have always been considered friends
of the oppressed and needy.
The former suggested that the quickest
way to bring about a change for the better
was to take out half a dozen members of
the City Council and bury them in the
bed of Cherry Creek as a warning to their
successors that the condition of the work
ingmen should not be so cruelly over
looked and slighted in order that the poli
ticians could fatten their own purses at
the expense of the many.
The resolutions passed called for the
construction of city water works, street
paving, viaducts, etc., anything to keep
the unemployed busy, that the mouths of
the hungry might be fed, instead of pay
ing ont trie money in interest to bankers.
Rev. Mr. Reed intimated that violence
might be used by reminding his hearers
that under the constitution they have yet
left to them the privilege of carrying arms,
stating that "We may yet be called upon
to exercise that prerogative."
Previous to the meeting there was a par
ade. The marchers carried banners, some
of the inscriptions being: "Cheerless
Christmas for the Working-man," "We
Want Work, Not Charity," "Work In
stead of the Poorhouse," and a number of
others ou the same lines.
THE GREAT INAUGURAL
Preparations for the Fourth of March
■bearing Completion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— The
inauguration committee bas fairly got
down to work and preparations for the
ceremonies of March 4 next are being rap
idly completed. Nearly all of the numer
ous committees have been' organized and
the details of the work are being system
atically arranged and apportioned.
The general committee has decided that
the inaugural ball is to be held in the
great hall of the pension building, al
though many of the inemDers of the com
mittee, including Chairman Hanna, were
in favor of having the ball in the magnifi
cent new library building. It was feared
that the library building — one of the band
soruest in the world— might be damaged
by so large a crowd as is expected, and the
building riot being very well adapted for
the purpose on account of the size of the
rooms and corridor this plan was aban
doned by an almost unanimous vote. Tbe
immense court of the pension building,
with its hundreds of adjoining rooms, is
admirably suited for such a gathering.
Railroad rates have bagn fixed at one
fare for the round trip Trom all points
north as far as Buffalo and as far west as
Peoria, 111., and SL Louis, and similar
rates will probably be made from points
further west and south. The arrange
ments contemplate the largest number of
visitors that ever came to Washington
upon a like occasion.
RETURNS WITH FAT DUCK.
President Cleveland Concludes His
Shooting nn<i Is Again at the Capital
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— The
President returned to the White House at
8 o'clock this morning and attended
church a little later with Mrs. Cleveland.
He appeared much benefited by his out
ing and brought back numerous fat ducks,
which he caused to be distributed among
■he members of his cabinet and his per
sonal friends. Secretary Thurber called
to see him and spent some time telling;
him of events that had occurred during
iiis absence, but no official business was
taken up and it is not believed that the
President feels called upon to add any
thing to the Cuban controversy at present.
During tbe day Secretary Olney made
his appearance at the executive mansion
and bad a brief consultation with the
President, and while there is no official
uarautee for the assertion it is not to be
questioned that- their conversation re
ferred almost solely to the latest phase
in the Cuban situation.
FUNERAL OF BEERMANN
Friends of the Decextett JUngielan Turn
Out in Pull' tore:
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 20.— The
funeral of Alexander Herrmann, the
magician, was held at Masonic Temple,
Sixth avenue and Twenty-third street,
this afternoon. The large ball was
crowded with the friends of the deceased.
A choir from the Temple Emanu-El sang
several funeral hymns. The simple
Hebrew burial rights were conducted by
the Rev. Dr.. Joseph Sitverman, who de
livered a eulogistic oration.
The members of the Masonic lodge of
which the deceased was a member were
present. .'• After the oration they gathered
about the casket and Charles Heiser con
ducted the Masonic rites of burial.
A I the conclusion the body was taken
to Woodlawn Cemetery for interment.
The pall-bearers included Maurice Gran,
Frank Sang<*r, Alfred Hayman, William
H. Crane and Franfc McKee. A large
number of prominent theatrical people
were in attendance, as were delegations
rom the Lambs, Phoenix and Press
cluos, of which decea-ed was a member.
7?t(*in<?*« Hr-jori) Congrextt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.- If the
programme of the Senate made before the
Cuban question took such an acute form
is permitted to be carried out the Senate
will discuss the Oklahoma Homestead
bill, which is the unfinished business.
The beginning of the holiday recess,
with the adjournment on Tuesday gives
but two days for business in the House
and there is small prospect of a quorum.
Consideration of the legislative, executive
and judicial appropriation bill, which is
the unfinished business, will resume to
morrow and the measure will probably be
disposed of unless the Horary scheme pro
posed by the joint committee as a substi
tute for the provisions reported by the
committee should require the presence of a
quorum, in which case the bill will go over
until after the holidays.
Wool- Grower* and the Tariff.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— 1t is
the intention of the wool-growers to urge
that a separate measure be passed, in ad
vance of the regular tariff bill, which will
restore the wool schedule of the McKinley
tariff bill, and accordingly President Law
rence of the National Wool-growers' Asso
ciation has issued a call for the wool
rowers' representatives from all sections
to meet in Washington on January 4. Del
egates will then appear before the Ways
and Means Committee on January 6, the
day set aside to hear the advocates lor an
increased wool tariff.
Viamunt Gouffh't Buee***or.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 20.— The
gazetting in London of a successor to
Viscount Gough, secretary of the British
Embassy, caused surprise and regret in
official and diplomatic circles here, but
satisfaction is expressed that the new sec
retary i 9 acquainted with Washington and
with Americans. He is Maurice William
Ernest de Bunsen, C. 8., who entered the
British diplomatic service as attache at
Washington in 1878 and returns eighteen
years later after distinguished services.
For a Building at Santa liosa.
» WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 20.— The
House Committee on Public Buildings
ana Grounds has decided to repori favor
ably on Representative Barham's bill for
a public building at Santa Ross, Cal., to
cost $40,000.
Venezwl/t Is Satisfied.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 20.— A special
cable to the Journal from Caracas,
Venezuela, says: President Crespo told
Attorney Storrow yesterday that the
Olney-Pauncefote treaty had met with the
Cabinet's approval, excepting that one
chance in it was desired. Venezuela, lie
said, wants the appointmeni of one of the
members of the arbitration tribunal pro
vided for by that treaty.
blood pure, your appetite good and your
digestive organs in healthy condition at th:s
season, and thus evpid serious illness.by taking
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HnnH'o Dillc cure nausea, indigestion,
11UUU S riHS buiouimea 25 cents. «
LABOR LEADERS
MAKE ADDRESSES
President Gompers Appsars
in Wesley Chapel
Pulpit.
In Glowing Words He Paints a
Picture of the Struggles
of Wage-Earners.
Members of tbe Federation Are Active
in the Cause to Which They
Are Devoted.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 20.— Although
there was no session of the sixteenth an
nual conference of the Federation of
Labor to-day many officers and delegates
of the organization were active in the
cause to which they are devoted, the ad
vancement ol trades unionism. President
Gompers addressed a large audience at 3
o'clock this afternoon in Wesley Chapel,
Methodist Episcopal Church, his subject
being "The Rou h Struggle of a Rugged
Life." During the course of his remarks
Mr. Gompers reviewed the progress of the
labor movement, especially in the United
States. He painted in glowing words a
picture of almost innumerable obstacles
and discouragements that have been met
and overcome in the heroic struggle of
working classes to bring about a condi
tion that would insure to themselves a
just and fair proportion of the earnings of
their labor, and to!d of what it is hoped
will yet be accomplished through the
work and influence of trades unionism.
The advantages of organization were
dwelt on at considerable length, and it
was pointed out that the benefits to be
gained are not for the wage-earners alone,
because as the condition of labor is im
proved so is society, and citizenship raised
to a higher standard.
The manner in which National and in
ternational organizations undertake to
bring about an adjustment of differences
between employes and local labor bodies
so as to give to each side in the contro
versy its just dues, to prevent lockouts,
strikes,etc.,was explained and the necessity
of a universal eight-hour work day strongly
urged. '"Give to the great army of labor,"
said he, "a work day of eight hours, com
pensation that will enable the industiious
to have homes, reasonable comforts in
their homes, the full advantages ol
schools, week-day and Sunday schools,
and churches for their families, and you
will have in this country the highest
standard of society and citizenship ever
attained in this world.
"The B ble," said Mr. Gompers, "both
the Old and New Testaments, are full of
the doctrine we preach." He spoke for an
hour and thirty minutes, holding the
closest attention of his audience through
out and closed with an appeal to the min
istry and all Christian people to aid the
cause of labor by their influence and in
whatever manner it is possible for them
to do so.
A mas-m eeting of bakers, organized
and unorganized, was held this morning
at 9 o'clock. The speakers were President
Gompers, Delegate Henry Weismann of
the Bakers' and Confectioners' Interna
tional Union, Charles F. Bechtold of th*
National Union of Brewery Workers and
W. D. M»hon of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Street Railway Employes. Del
ega-e Weismann has been active among
the bakers during the conference and has
organized three non-union bakeries, and
to-night said that he had reason for os
lieving lhat every bakery in the city
would be organized before the close of
tnis week.
At 2 o'clock a mass-meeting of carpen
ters, which was largely attended and at
which there were many non-union men,
was held in Workmen's Hall and ad
dressed by Vice-President McGuire and
Richard Cullinine ot the Lawrence (Mass.)
Central Labor Union.
The three most important matters to
come before the conference to-morrow are
the Olney arbitration bill, a resolution on
foreign immigration and a resolution in
tended to commit the American federa
tion of Labor to the Socialist Labor party.
Pomeroy, the delegate of the Chicago
Hotel and Restaurant Employes' Associa
tion, who was refused a seat in the confer
ence on account of having issned a parti
san political circular, will ask to be heard,
and it is likely that he will be given the
■ ' ' J]' " NEW TO-DAY. '/ •
wL ' ij-t.^^^\ Has made it possible to use
HHp nature's great vital foree — Elec-
%Lf^s^^^M.^. tricity— without inconvenience.
#Dr. Sanden
Has made it possible to UB©
nature's great vital foree — Elec-
tricity — without inconvenience.
He has invented an appliance
£^^^^^ by which the full vigor of man-
"^^^^k^J^^^^t^ hood may be regained. His
-;^P«Sr studies have sought for the
wmS \ fmwM means by which weakly women
ilf/| / Wua? may recover the vital force
W I i which keeps up vigorous health.
This wonderful appliance,
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
flas made thousands of lives happy by restoring to them the
greatest source of happiness— health. " I would not part with
my Dr. Sanden Belt for all the gold in the country if I could
not get another like it/ wrote a grateful patient.
"Money could not induce me to part with it and go back to th*
condition it has saved me from," says another.
The most prominent business men in this city have been
cured by it. Their evidence can be found in the little book,
"Three Glasses of Men/; which can be had free on application,
closely sealed. Call or address
SANDEN BIjEOTHIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FKANCISCO.
Office boars 8 ' A. ' M. to 8 :3O P. M. ; Sundays 10 to 1. Offices at Los Angeles, CuL 204
So. Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street. - —•«»««. vw., «v»
MOTE.— Make no mistake in the number— 633 Market street.
; DR.MCNULTY.
n^nrs well-kxownand RKUABLE OLD
I. Specialist cures Prlvate.Nervous.BlooUmidSlcin -
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home.; Terms reasonable, t Hours, 9 to 3
daily ;6:3o to B.3o ev'jjs. Sundays, 10 to 12. ConmiltH-
; tionfree and sacredly confidential.-' Call or address
P. BOSCOE IHcNCIiTT, IH.D.,
26 Krarn.r Street, San J"r»nclw«, C*t.
UOSMOPOIjIT A.IST .
Opposite V. 8. Mini, 100 and 103 KlftU St., San
Francisco, —The most . select • family hotel la
the city. Board and room 1, 91 26 and $1 50 per ■
day, according to room. Meals 25c. .■ Rooms 50a '
ana 76c a day. > Free coach to and from the nouu. :
iiOOlt tor the coach bearing the name of the Co* .
■nnrt l '°fi tfntal, _-.• WJU. M'AMUX. itouuiaitK.
privilege of th* floor. Several delegates
at the Dennison Hotel to-uight intimated
that if Pomeroy is allowed to address the
conference he will sprinc a sensation on
that body.
STOCKTON BARGE RACE
Lightweight Varsmen Win an Exciting
Contest.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 20.— The barge
race on the channel this afternoon brought
oat a large crowd. Three crews entered,
as follows: Lightweights— Fred Butler,
stroke; Charles Smith, afterwaist;
Walter Houskin, forward waist; Joe Foley,
bow; John Moore, cockswain. Paper
weights—C. Davis, stroke; Bert Melone,
forwardwaist; C. Neurailler, afterwaist;
AI Brown bow; Vincent Hopkins, cock
swain. Heavy-wei«hts —C. Spencer,
stroke; D. Chapman, afterwaist; J. Burns,
forwardwaist; T. Carkeek, bow; Robert
Inglis, cockswain. The lightweights won
by one length from the paper-weights, and
the heavy-weight crew, made up of most
of the champion giant crew, was defeated
by six lengths by the psper-weights. The
race was very ex iting. The water and
the day were perfect for the race.
Preparing for a Dog Show.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 20.— The directors
of the Santa Clara County Poultry and
Kennel Club have begun arrangements for
the dog show to be held in this city in
April. It has been decided to offer a num
ber of valuable special prizes so as to secure
the entries of the finest dogs on the coast.
Already twenty gold medals have been
offered by tue managers of the_ show.
TUere area great many dog fanciers in
this vcmity and they will leave nothing
undone to make the exhibition the finest
to be held on the coast this year. Over
400 entries are expected. J. Otis Fellows
of New York is to judge the dogs.
Tup*- Ly on yine Defeated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 20. — The
victorious Tufts-Lyon baseball team,
which returned from San Fransisco re
cently with the Examiner pennant, met
defeat this afternoon at the hands of the
Los Angeles ball team. The Los Angeles
team played a remarkable game, winning
by a score of 10 to 9. Ten innings were
played.
Wnoiin Not I'■1 '■ roluniin's Agent.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 20.— Daniel
Frohman, the theatrical manager, is re
teiving numerous letters from Southern
States asking for information regarding
one Dave Woods, who is posing as the
agent of a Frohman company, on the
strength of which he has been borrowing
money. Mr. Frohman states that Woods
is in no way associated with him.
Fifty Borses liurned to Death.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 20. -Fifty
horses were burned to death at a fire
which started at 5:30 this morning in a
brick boarding stabe owned by Bernard
Soy at 555 Carroll street, Brooklyn. Tnree
firemen were injured by falling walls. The
total loss is about $18,000.
Flames in a Newspaper Office.
TOLEDO. Ohio, Dec. 20.— The Bee job
roomß, at 136 and 138 St. Ciair street, were
gutted by fire this evening. The loss is
estimated at $50,000 on stock and machin
ery and $10,000 on Duiidiug. The building
next door, occupied by the Toledo Com
mercial and tbe Toledo Express, was
slightly damaged.
Theater Building Destroyed.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., Dec. 21-
Fire destroyed the Allen Theater building
ai Albany and George streets and four ad
joining stores at an early hour this morn
ng. The loss will probably aggregate
$300,000.
JtuainetM Jllori;* Burned.
WORCESTER, Mass., Dec. 20.— Fire at
Cambridge early this morning destroyed
four large business blocks. The loss is
about % 110,000.
Death of an Inventor,
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 20.— William
Lyman of Middlefield, Conn., the in
ventor and manufacturer of the Lyman
gunsight, in use all over the world, died
iv this city last night ironi pneumonia.
A Job for Hnyard'B Son.
WILMINGTON, Del., Dec 20.— Thomas
F. Bayard Jr., son of the American Era
bassador, has accepted a position in the
department of street openings in New
York City.
Jieath of a A'aval Officer.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 20.— Henry
Curtis Tollman, lieutenant-commander
U. S. N., died at his home in this city yes
terday.
Received by the I'ope.
ROME, Italy, Dec. 20.— The Pope at
noon yesterday gave an audience to
Bishop Keane. late rector of the Catholic
university ai Washington*
'Jhe Wreck Xear Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 20.— The wrecked
German bark Potrimpos was to-day rest
ing easily on the sands. Efforts will be
made to get it off tomorrow at high tide.
Captain Helweege says that the bark is
uninsured.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
is}; A powerful aphi odisiac AND
A specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orxans
of both sexes, »nd a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A . great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials n«-ce sary. ■
NABKK, ALFS & IIKIXK, Agents,
323 - Market St.. S. *'.— <Send for Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHABLES H.;PHiLble>. ATroKNKY-Al*
: V Law and ; Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Kesidanc* itO9
I a'tU suMb ■ X«lepUoa« • Warn " 2693,
NEW TO-DAT.
REMEDIES CURE)
Manyon's improved Homeopathic Bern-
edies Are as Far in Advance of the
Regular School of Homeopathy as
Homeopathy I, Above All Oiher
SchooU-They Combine All That Is
Best in All Systems.
With Munyon's Remedies Every One
Can Become His 1 wn l>oetnr— No
Experimenting - >-„ Guesswork — No
Purging-No Nauseous Doses-The
Cure I* Certain. Quick and Perma-
Munyon's system Is to Build
Up, Not 10 Tear Down; to Strength-
en, Not to Weaken.
If You Are Sick, Cast Aside All Other
Medicines, Bury Prejudice for a Few
Days, 'tcp Into th« Nearest Drug-
Store, Ask for Munyon's Guide to
Health, Purchase a 25-Cent Vial of
One of Munyon's Remedies and Cure
Yourself.
Rheumatism Cure.
MUNYON'S RHEUMATISM CURE IS
guaranteed to be abso utely harmless
and a strong tonic in building up the
weak and debilitated. It cures acute or
muscular rheumatism in from one to five
days. Sharp, shooting pains in any part
of the body stopped in a few doses. A
prompt, complete and permanent cure for
lameness, stiff back and all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pains In the back are speedily
cure a. Price 25c.
. Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure.
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all forms of indigestion aiM
stomach trouble, such as rising of focci
distress after eating, shortness of braatjA
and all affections of the heart causedM
indigestion, wind on the stomach, b;*d
taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faintness or weakness of stomach, head-
ache from indigestion, soreness of the
stomach, coated tongue, heartburn,
shooting pains of the stomach, constipa-
tion, dizziness, faintness and lack of
energy. Price 25c.
Munyon' • Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, suoh as
depressed spirits, failure of memory,
restless and sleepless nights, pains in the
head and dizziness. It cures general de-
bility, stimulates and strengthens the
nerves and tones up the whole body.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in
back, loins or groin from kidney disease,
d opsy of the feet and limbs, frequent de-
sire to pass water, dark-colored and turbid
urine, sediment in the urine and diabetes.
Price 25c
Catarrh Cure. •
Catarrh positively cured — Are you ■will-
ing to spend 50 cenis for a cure that posi-
tively cures catarrh by removing the
cause of the disease ? If so, ask your drug-
gist for a 25-cent bottle of Munyon's Ca-
tarrh Cure and a 25-cent bottle of Catarrh
Tablets. The catarrh cure will eradicate
the disease from the system and the tab-
lets will cleanse and heal the afflicted
parts and restore them to a natural and
healthful condition.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and
all liver diseases. Price, 25c. v
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia ana breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to ail women. Prire, 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minute?. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment pouitiyely
cures all forms of pile*. ' Price, 25c." '
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Asthma
Herbs relieve asthma in three minutes
and cure in a few days. Price, 50c each. i
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-^
purities of the blood. Price, 25c I J
Munyon's Vitalizer. Price, $1. %)
The Munyon Remedies are absolutely
harmless and contain positive cures for
the most obstinate diseases. A separate
-pecific for each di-ease. Sold by all drug-
gists, mostly at 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
•1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
CAUTION TO THE PEOPLE OF THE
STATE OF CAIIFOBMA: Many un-
scrupulous drag cutters, who, having
forced the selling; price of MUNYOWS
REMEDIES to cost, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and will
try to persuade you to take some other
preparation, which they will recom-
mend as being better. Such men are
not deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get*
ting » UiNYOx'S.
TJiE
WEEKLY
GHLL
©^ It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ News of the Week and
<=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©< ORIGINAL FEATURES. L
°^ »T IS THE BEST WEEKLY
Crf PAPER ON THE
gj PACIFIC COAST
©< Always Republican, but Always
©< Fair and Impartial in Its
q) Rendering of the PC
*J litical News.
<x It's the Paper to Send East if
0/ You Want to Advertise
California.
<J The Best \ / Mining
3 Telegraphic >\/ News That
*J Service on /\ Is Accurate
°\ The Coast / \& up to date
*j Not a Line of it Sensational
°S or Faky, and Not a Line of
ex it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
r^J Bright. Clean, A Champ'on of
°S Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
Zj A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER 1
~J ALL THE TIME. f
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°S HOME MAIL, $1.50
C* INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
2 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLWHERE NEWS IS
HARD TO GATHER
Journalists Not Admitted to
the Parliamentary
Dinner.
One Venturesome Scribe Uses a
Clever Ruse, but Is Soon
Expelled.
Consequently the Details of the Con
versation Between Hoh nlohe and
William Are Meager.
[Copyright, 1896, by the United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Geejcajtt, Dec. 20.— The Par
liamentary dinner given on Wednesday
last by the Imperial Chancellor, Prince
yon Hohenlohe, did not attract the at
tention of the press, as has b«en the rule
heretofore upon the occasion of this
function, and consequently less than
usual is known of what actually too*
place there. The reason for this is the
fact that representatives of the press were
entirely excluded from the banquet-hall,
whereas hitherto they have been es
pecially invited to be present. While the
dinner was in progress one journalist
managed to get into the banquet-hall
upon his presentation of a blank invita
tion-card, but he was soon discovered and
unceremoniously expelled.
Reliable echoes of the Emperor's con
versation at the banquet agree that his
Majesty's sympathy is entirely with the
Hamburg employers, and he is represented
as saying that the employers are wholly
lacking in their sense of the importance
of working a general coalition of em
ployers against the unions of the working
men and advising the co-operation of the
German, English and other employers in
devising a scheme of an international
commission upon the conditions of trade
which would benefit not only the em
ployer, but the employe as well.
In regard to the Hamburg strike it may
be said that all of the prospects of the
success of the strikers are extremely
gloomy. The dispatches which have been
cabled during the past week, while giving
a general outline of the situation, really
told nothing of the actual condition of af
iairs. The fact is that the strikers
and their families are suffering terribly
for lack of food, clothing, shelter, etc., and
it is reported the amounts contributed by
subscription from various sources to the
fund for the support of the strikers have
either not been paid at ail or have been
very injudiciously distributed. In conse
quence of this state or things the men are
losing heart and many of them are seeking
reinstatement, but the masters remain ob
durate and refuse to permit any of them
to return until the strike is finally ended.
At the beginning of the strike the em
ployers offered to pay 4 shillings 6 pence
for a day of twelve hours, including meal
times, but the strikers demanded 5 shil
lings a day with overtime. The employers
are now regulating the offer toeether with
a reference oi matters in dispute to their
inquiry suggested by the Hamburg Senate
with a view of preparing a method of set
tling disputes Dy negotiations between the
employers and employes, and it is prob
able that despite the fact that at the ballot
ing at yesterday's meeting some of the
strikers voted in favor of continuing the
strike, the offer will be accepted in the
early part of this week.
The Emperor at Prince Hohenlohe's
dinner on Wednesday conversed for some
time with Herr yon Levetzow, formerly
President of the Reichstag, and it is sup
posed that ihe^ subject ot the conversation
was the matter of acceptance by Herr yon
Levetzow of the presidency of the Prus
sian Upper House, which has been de
clined by Prince Solms Hohensolms Lich
on the ground of ill health. The Prince
was elected to the office, but he positively
refused to serve.
The scandals which resulted in the ar
rest of Major Baron yon Tausch, chief of
the political police.for forgery and perjury,
upon which charges he is now in jail
awaiting trial, are Hill being generally
discussed in the newspapers and in the
cafes and other public places. The Ber
liner Tageblatt, which paper was shown
up during the trial of Baron yon Luetzow
as the home of one of the agents of Tausch,
now turns daily somersaults in an en
deavor to demonstrate its loyalty to the
Foreign Office and vehemently denounces
the at one time supposed connection of
Tausch with Prince Bismarck and Count
Herbert Bismarck as the grossest cal
umny against the ex-Chancellor and his
son.
The Tageblatt, the Hanover Courier and
other newspapers inspired from a com
mon source are conducting an agitation
with the object of obtaining the arrest of
Normann Schumann, alias Mundt, wno
was for a long time an active agent of
Tausch and at the same time an occa
sional correspondent of a New York news
paper and a secret agent of the Porte.
Mundt maintains a villa on Lake Lucerne
in Switzerland, and has long enjoyed the
confidence of the German embassies in
Rome and Constantinople. He has reaped
a rion harvest as a secret agent ail around
and has been able to effect the expulsion
of foreign journalists from Berlin if they
became obnoxious to him. Mundt has not
yet been arrested, arid it is reported that
he has fled from Lucerne to Canstanti
nople; but his presence is likely to be de
manded in Berlin upon the occasion of the
coming trial of Tausch.
The event of the American colony in
Berlin in the last week was the charity
concert of the Grail Lodge of the Ameri
can Theosophical Society in Berlin, which
was held in" the Hotel Rome last evening.
United States Embassador Jhl, Mrs. Uhl,
Miss Alice Uhl, Marshall Uhl, Consul-
General de Kay, Mrs. de Kay and Vice-
Consul-Generai Zimmerman were present.
The artists were Mi>s Mary Hnwel Avins,
Miss Leonora Jackson and Ernest Jack
son. After the concert there was a supper,
and Mrs. Uiil distributed to a number of
poor girls the material contributions, the
object of the concert, consisting of
dresses, hats, boots, under-garments, etc.
The situation in regard to Cuba created
by the action of the Foreign Relations
Committee cf the UniteJ States Senate in
agreeing to a resolution recognizing the
independence of the island caused the
Berlin and Frankfort bourses to open
weak yesterday, and greatly checkei the
transaction of business in American se
curities until advices were received from
London showing that confidence was
practically unshaken there. This newt
had the effect to restore confidence here
and in Frankfort, and prices recovered,
but ciosed a fraction low*r on the day.
At the request, of the Emperor the mili
tary court will reopen the inquiry in the
case of Lieutenant Baron yon Brusewitz,
who was sentenced to four years' confine
ment in a fortress for killing an artisan
named Siebman in a cafe in Carlsruhe a
short time ago because Siebman refused
to apologize for an in&ult to Brusewitz
w hich he declared he had not offered to
him, and the Emperor will postpone bis
condemnation of the sentence pending the
inquiry.
There are conflicting reports as to the
Emperor's reason for hit action, one of
which is that the Kaiser favors Brusewitz
and hope? that the inquiry will result to
his advantage. Another report, however,
ascribes the course taken by the Emperor
to his Majesty's belief that the military
tribunal which condemned Brasewitz was
altogether too lenient with him.
The long pending suit of Captain yon
Straubeck against the Brothers Otto and
Hugo Dammarch for having made false
accusations against him h.xs been settlea.
The case grew out of remarks made by
Herr Bebel, the Socialist leader, in a
speech in the Reichnag In 1895, in which
he mentioned the case of brutality on tne
part of the military officers toward their
solaieys and asserted that the conduct of
Captain yon Straubeck furnishei an ex
amp.e ot" such brutality in his having fre
quently struck soiuiers with his fists,
kicked them until they were incapacitated
from duty or struck them with the flat of
his sword. In the course of his speech
Herr Bebel quoted the Brothers Dam
march as authority for the assertions he
had made.
Captain yon Straubeck publicly denied
the charges made against him and caused
warrants to be issued for the arrest of the
jjammarch brothers. Otto fled when he
heard of the issuance of the warrants, but
Hugo remained and stood trial and was
sentenced to four months' imprisonment.
The drift of the evidence taken at the trial
showed that 'although Captain Straubeck
was a martinet, he had not struck his
men.
The Berliner Bank has decided to in
crease its capital from 7,500,000 marks to
20.000,000 marks. In consequence of the
new bourse law, which coes into opera
tion on January 1, the Berlin and other
bourses are discussing the question of the
dissolution of exchange institutions and
conducting business atter th 6 new law
goes into effect as free associations with
out any formal external organization.
The Produce Exchange, at Halle, has al
ready dissolved in accordance with this
scheme.
Herr Heartling, former director of the
Berlin Mortgage Bank, who was recently
sentenced to penal servitude for forgery,
has committed suicide in his cell in prison.
W. S. Carroll, United States Conaul-
General at Dresden, gave a grand recep
tion at his residence in that city to-day.
It is reported that Herr Otlo Fioors
heim, the Berlin critic of the New York
Musical World, has been given aa honor
ary professorship upon the occasion of the
coming birthday of the Emperor, which
occurs on January 27.
United States Consul-General Charles de
Kay had a narrow escape from a fatal
accident through the collision of his car
riage with another vehicle, while going
from his office to his house, on the night
of his recent official reception. The shaft
of the colliding cab passed through Mr. de
Kay's carriage and missed his head by
only about an inch. Had the shaft strucK
him he certainly would have been killed.
PUT TO DEATH BY WRITES
George Finley, a Segro J'etptrado the
Victim of a Mob.
MAYFIELD, Ky., Dec. 20.— A mob of
white men broke into the cabin of George
Finley, a negro, near here late Friday
ni;:ht and the leader fired two charges of
buckshot into the negro's stomach as he
jumped from bed. He died after five
hours of terrible agony.
William Haley, a white man, had ac
cused Finley of stealing his corn. The
negro went to the home of his accuser and
attacked him with a knife, inflicting a
slight wound. Haley then shot the negro i
in the leg. When the news spread a mob
of masked men was formed and they went
at once to Finley's cabin.
Death of Captain Watson.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 20.— James
Watson, a retired sea captain, is dead.
When 15 years old Watson went on his
first voyage as cabin boy on the Havre
packet ship Courier. This was in 1814,
and J. Fenimore Cooper and George W.
Blunt, the latter afterward noted as a by
drographer and nautical publisher in this
city, were cabin boys on the same ship.
He commanded the packet ship Albany in
1832, and in 1837 was made captain of the
fine new Havre packet Virginian. The
Virginian was chosen by the Government
to bring the French indemnity money to
this country of generations ago. About
fifty years ago Captain Watson retired
from business and went to live with his
family on the ancestral estate in West
chester. The old gentleman had a clear
recollection of the war of 1812.
Eicape of a Woman From Lynching.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec 20.— Hainey
Jordan, the woman who assisted Marie!
Hatfield in the murder of Jonas Trail, for
which crime Hatfield was banged last
week, barely escaped lynching JfViday
night. She was stopping in a cabin near
Cold's store. A number of Trail's friends
surrounded the cabin, intending to lynch
her for the part she played in killing
Trail. She dressed herself in men's
clothes and boldly walked out at the back
door. While the men were waiting for her
to appear she climbed up the mountain
and escaped.
Radical Brduetion of Expente*.
TERRE HAUTE, Ira., ' Dec. 20. —
Receiver Maltot of the Vandalia Railroad
system has issued orders for a radical re
duction of expenses, and the first result is
the abolition of the position of general
superintendent, now occupied by H. I.
Miller, son of General Superintendent
Miller of the Pennsylvania system west of
Pittsburg. Salaries of officials and clerks
have been reduced from 15 t0 33^ percent,
and a number have been let out. The
receiver says the train service men will
not be affected.
Death, of Silaa A. JSudton.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Dec. 20. -Silas A.
Hudson, first cousin of General U- S.
Grant, died last night, aged 81 years. He
was a coworker with Greeley on the New
York Tribune and with George D. Pren
tice on the Louisville Journal, and with
both assisted in bringing about the nomi
nation and election of Abraham Lincoln,
witn whom he was on terms of intimacy.
He was appointed by President Grant in
1869 Minister to Central America. He re
signed in 1879 and has since led a retired
life in Burnngton.
In Jtnnaer of Being Lynched.
MAYFIELD, Ky., Dec. 20.— Jim Stone,
the negro charged with assaulting Mrs.
J. M. R. Green of this city, was brought
here to-day from Louisville, where toe was
taken whm arrested to prevent a lynch
in.. His examining trial is to take place
Tuesday, but ne may be lynched before
that time.
Slay Go Into Liquidation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 20.-It is re
ported that the German Looking-glass
P. ale Company, which has controlled the
American market in German looking
glass plate since its organization, la July,
1890, has decided to go into liquidation.
None of the officers of the company can
be found to confirm or deny the report.
An Intvrance Agent Arrrnted.
BOSTON, Mass., December 20.— Aionzo
Z. Smuck, a well known insurance agent
of this city, has been arrested on a charge
of doing insurance business for a corpora
tion not registered to do business in this
State. The claim is that he represented
the Life Insurance of St. Paul in placing
an insurance policy for $2000.
Murdered /luring a Brawl.
OSKALOOSA, lowa, Dec. 20.— George
Golightly, the crack live-pigeon shot of
lowa, was murdered in a saloon brawl
last night, fto arrests have been made.
For Friends Abroad.
There ia no more delightful souvenir to
send to friends abroad than the Christmas
News Letter, out to-day. Of all news
dealers. Office b% Kearny street. Eighty
eight pages, 15 cents.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
.^^^ MEW TO-PAT— C3LOTHIKG. .-^ J -^.
There are times in the history of a mercantile institution that the visi- _ ■:\ wvn ---_ w ..-^^
,nnnnnnryyß aaa a a a : i m m a'a^^-Q tation of a big loss eventually means a profit— that is, whenever ther^e is a n> *o b (To ainiirjnnfo ao 6oa m> oVi O
0 '■'.■ 3 ' bil! surplus on one particular class of goods — a condition which we find our- g v «
£3£^ o selves^placed in now. E jj^j
E A t This surplus exists principally in our $25, $24, $22 and $20 goods. £ We will be a( i if 3
£ This is the first time 3 We have an awfully big surplus in that range of prices— little too large £ you will kindly take a*i
c in our career that we ° ..... when we take into consideration that the season for such high-class goods g look into our big cor- °
have been compelled to 2 is nearing an end. £ ner window, where the %
G.Z7 7 . j2 • ttv. .„,,-, , „ , 7., ,-. 7/*» c true values of the gar- °
G take such a step ana a We will take the bull by the horns and take our medicine and suffer £ ments we speak of in °<
c make such a ruthless 3 the loss for the next four days. . £ this advertisement 3
cut, but we have a sur- I* ' '•" - • "' ; "•• r : : - ; :\ ;: '.' "- : : '" . " - ' ■■■ • £ speak out more loudly, I
Eg,-:;"' _ ■ ' g,-:;"' ' £ more eloquently, more 3
jej 3 Beginning Monday we invite you to inspect these high-class garments. g convincingly than we 3
t means of a low price to | They exist both in Suits and Overcoats. They're placed on exhibit in our big | Ords at ° UT COm " <j
1 reduce that surplus. 3 corner window and for these four days, in order to turn these goods out E . „
g jS& *■• of the house in that limited period, we say for pick of 'em, g )gj( o
f.......»...............1 $14.00 CwHtttHt»t»»tUUl3
V V The Suits presented in this offer consist exclusively 'high-class im- V V
X X ported fabrics— Suits that we had created especially for our Holiday trade. X ! i
X X , The colorings are all dressy, principally in blues and blacks, in Cutaways, X X *
A X . Double-breasted Sacks and Single-breasted Sacks, garments that no tailor, X X
A ■'. 5 . I even though he charge you $75 for a Suit, can surpass. Also Prince Albert & Q
O O Suits among 'em, and some of the Suits are silk-lined throughout. They O §
X X were $25, $24, $22 and $20 Suits. Monday they'll be X A
I I $14.00 I I
/nr^<roTro"ToTroTry7roTToTrbTnrßTnPs ,
F )SK( % Picture a very high-class Blue and Black Overcoat, lined £ vr* 3
b. , - "•: '„-■ '•'-.-;■••! ' throughout with satin, guaranteed to last two seasons, and there you . E
c An open confession is 2 .^ _ ?^ c ttv. -, j. -v 3
\ good for the soul. 'Tis 3 1 have the Overcoats. g We have too much |
£ human to err. We a g money tied up in high- 3
*° made a mistake this ° — — — " — £ _ , , - ■•■ •■ 7 3
£ season in making up 3 • , | class goods, too much |
£ too many fine goods. 3 . Those very high-class English Whipcords in Tan, such gar- £> money entirely in $25, \
IFe admit it, but we 1 menU that/you are at all times willing to pay $25 for; those very E $24, $22 and $20 «
to rid ourselves 3 ■ 7 •",> 7 , 7 7-^ 7 r» • d? j-m -L ■ tt/» 7 f;^- v °
lof the surplus of these \ clever Meltons, those high-class Beavers in Blue and Black. We have £ Suits and Overcoats, %
g high-class Garments, 3 made a general round-up of our high-class Overcoats and are anxious p r, ™,>. A
{ ° and therefore offer you i to unload 9 em. They're $25, $2 Jf. and $22- garments. Beginning .£ v 7 , , '. ' * . 3
> the pick from some of 3 «...,.., 7 /* / T / .„ i 7 , 7 , 7 & • £ selves of this big sur- 3
]o the cleverest $25, $24, 3 Monday and for our days only will they be sold at the price, ■ c , -Uh clasg °
P $22 and $20 Suits and 3 which is g! j «t/3
g Overcoats ever shown 3 dfe -^ *^ OO £ go ° ' 914 i
em this city at the tiny 3 HP "*" -t "^"^ v "^ £ for any of these Suits 3
I price Of 1 & and Overcoats. Our jjf
tpl4'mOv-)3 g window speaks the 3
I ':• • PAPHAFI 'S F"" *
l°o <q 00 0 OOPOPgPgfIPQPCOQOQgp'j JL JBL JiL 1 -11 A- M M * M J U
CjLJULSJIPJkPJUIJLPJLOJUIJLPJIiLS^
INCORPORATED),
X X TKE FRISCO BOYS X X
\\ O» -LI, IS and IS Kearny Street. V. x
* ■ * KING PINS for OVERCOATS. a-^-,
34
ARGUMENTS NOT
BASED ON FACTS
Huntington's Plea to the
Harbor Commission
Outlined.
Southern Pacific Claims That
Expert Testimony Will
Disprove.
Shipmasters Will Strike Hard Blows
at tbe Santa Monica
Scheme.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 20.— The
Government Deep-water Harbor Commis
sioners spent a quiet Sunday in this city.
The real tug-of-war between the contend
ing factions over the location of a deep
sea harbor for Southern California will
commence to-morrow forenoon in the re
ception-rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce building, where the first open ses
sion of the board will be # held.
It has been agreed between Hemy Haw
good and Robert Moore of the Free Har
bor Leacue, who are advocating the
claims of San Pedro, and William
Corthell and C. L. Hood, Southern Pacific
engineers, who will present the Santa
Monica side of the question, that at the
public meeting for the hearing of evi
dence the Santa Monica advocates should
present the opening argument and state
ments and that the San Pedro claimants
will follow with the presentation of their
testimony. The Santa Monica people will
then have an opportunity for rebuttal,
after which the San Pedro advocates will
ciose the discussion. The board, it is un
derstood, has agreed to accord to each
side all the time desired in presenting its
arguments.
In view of the enormous amount of
data collected it may require a number of
days to go over the whole ground. The
Commissioners have repeatedly said that
they desired all the light possible regard
ing both sites, and would give ample time
for the purpose.
In their argument, Engineers Corthell
and Hood will declare that since the big
wharf has been constructed at Santa
Monica Canyon, the experience of ship
masters has shown the wisdom of the
location. This is true only in part. In
ordinary weather vessels successfully dis
charge their cargoes at Mr. Huntington's
wharf, but in this respect San Pedro
possesses equal if not superior advantages.
The preference for San Pedro among
marine insurance men emphasizes this fact,
They make a much lower rate on cargoes
bound lor San Pedro than on those for
Santa Monica. This bit of information
will doubtless be eschewed by Messrs.
Corthell and Hood of the monopoly.
It will be urged by the Santa Monica
advocates that the holding ground at
San Pedro is not good. A complete refuta
tion of this statement is supplied by the
testimony ol more than forty shipmasters,
published in the official reports, while it
was found very difficult to drum up any
similar evidence in favor of Santa Monica.
The Southern Pacific will assent that
the water near San Pedro is exceedingly
deep, and that, therefore, the swell is
greater than at Santa Monica, where tbe
depth, while adequate, is much less. An
inspection of the charts published by the
coast survey shows the incorrectness of
this statement.
It will be claimed that the proposed
breakwater at San Pedro is not- protected j
from southeast gales; that, therefore, the j
locality is not desirable for harbor pur
poses. This subject has been carefully
considered in the official reports, and the
conclusion reached is that no danger is to
be anticipated from southern gales.
It should be remarked in this connec
tion that tbe inner harbor of San Pedro,
which is conceded to be perfectly shel
tered, and upon the surface of which
scarcely a ripple is ever observed, is largely
exposed to the so-called dangerous south
east gales. Yet a ship within that inner
harbor has never been disturbed thereby.
Other arguments will be advanced in
favor of Santa Monica — that it can lurnish
better fresh water than San Pedro ; that it
presents a better site for a city, and that
it is more attractive as a place of resort
and residence. These are not worthy of
serious consideration, even supposing that
they were well founded. The purpose
sought is to establish a deep-water harbor
for the convenience of commercial inter
ests and as a suitable point for National
defense, not for a summer and pleasure
resort. ________ _____
DENOUNCES LYMAN ABBOTT.
Washington's Governor- Elect Answers Re-
flections Upon the Declaration of
Independence.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 20.— 1n the first
of a series of powerful articles on funda
mental principles of government, written
for the Morning Union, GoTernor-elect
John Rogers holds Rev. Lyman Abbott
up to contempt because of his reflections
upon the Declaration of Independence.
Rogers points out the rule of brute force
among ancient and savage races, and holds
that the same methods are exercised to
day in different form, when under the
cloak of laws designed to protect the
financially powerful advantage is taken
by the privileged few of the weak and de
pendent masses. Says he:
When our fathers formed the United States
production and distribution were compara
tively free. Vast stretches of fertile soil were
before them, measurably free to whoever
chose to occupy and use. Distribution, too,
■was largely under control of the individual.
The iror horse did not then compete with the
farmer's teams. The power of individna.l man
was vastly greater over his own career than
to-day.
Now, man— the average man— is constantly
belittled and made to feel his inferiority in
the presence of pompous wealth. Money is
increasing in its power and its demands; nor
Is there anything refused to it by our laws, for
whatever its demands over production ana
distribution may be, they are held to be legal
ana, therefore, just, even though, like a
frightful juggernaut, it crushes under it*
■wheels countless thousands for whom Christ
wept and prayed and died.
And so debased have become the occupants
of many of our pulpits that, having forgotten
the precepts of him who proclaimed the value
of one soul as of greater worth than the whole
world of wealth; having put behind them the
rule of him who would have men do unto
others only as they would have others do to
them, now defend the approaching car of
Mammon, telling the poor creatures who
writhe under its wheels that it is the fault of
the victims themselves that Mammon rides
roughshod over the hopes and heaven-born
aspirations of the poor.
Jefferson, in our Declaration of Independ
ence, declares; "We hold these truths to be
self-evident that all men are created equal;
that they are endowed by their creator with
certain inalienable rights."
This is plain. Certain rightsv powers and
privileges are RiveD to man by the Creator or
by nature. They come tob.lm from God. They
are bis and not another's, but if we step in
and deny our brother free exercise 01 what
is given him by nature we come into opposi
tion of the laws of nature. In scriptural lan
guage, "We fight against God," and this is
just what men are doing who deny to their
brother gifts of a common father.
It is true that superserviceable priest of the
sod Mammon who occupies a pulpit in Brook
lyn has lately told hie hearers that the Declara
tion of Independence was a fanciful presenta
tion of untrutb, and that hi' no longer be
lieved it. As for niysi'lf, I leave so contempt
ible a despiser of things American to the
scorn and loathing ot the future, sure to cover
his name with oDloquy and reproach.
SUNDAY AT FRESNO'S FAIR.
Workingmen Pass Into the Pavilion to
View the Display of Luscious
Fruits.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 20.— The citrus fair
had a very good attendance to-day, con
sidering the fine weather for driving and
other outdoor sports. There was a crowd
at the shooting range, a crowd out to see
the new Belmont bicycle track and crowds
at the churches, the latter in particular
not losing any in the way or attendance on
account of the fair. The pavilion was
comfortably filled in the afternoon and
this evening the attendance was much
larger.
It was workingmen's day at tbe fair.
Those who could not come during the
week took advantage of the Sunday op
portunity. Sunday being the farmer's
day off as well as the workingman's. it
was expected that the fruit-growers and
ranchers of this vicinity would drive into
town in greater numbers than they did to
visit the fair. But the farmer evidently
concluded that he had had enough of the
fair on Saturday or mat there were others
to attend the fair. The majority of him
remained at home and enjoyed there a
day that was particularly bright with sun
shine and exceptionally invigorating at
mosphere.
A special musical programme was ren
dered by Justy's band, which everybody
who visited the fair has considered an ex
cellent musical organization. The pro
gramme consisted mostly of sacred music.
Tue excellent choir of the Christian
church appeared- at the pavilion in the
afternoon, and, taking a position on the
bandstand, rendered several hymns. The
choir was heartily applauded and encored.
Three members ot the Apollo Vocal Club
assist d the choir.
To-morrow will be tbe last day of the
fair. Fresno and vicinity will turn out
nobly in order to give the box-office a
final lift. The fair has been a great suc
cess as an exhibition of what the valley
can do in the way of raising citrus fruits.
The exhibit has astonished the whole
State, for there is hardly a section of Cali
fornia that has not been represented in
the attendance.
Second only in importance to the de
monstrated fact that the San Joaquin Val
ley can raise as good oranges, lemons and
other citrus fruits as the southern part of
the State, is the additional fact, even as
effectively illustrated, that the crop of
those fruits are ripe and ready for market
from one month to six weeks earlier than
they are in any other section of the State.
Financially tbe fair will not be as great
a success as it has been otherwise. The
receipts will reach about $4000, while tbe
expenses are a little over $5000. But the
general committee of the fair, and the en
terprising citizens who subscribed to the
guarantee fund of $5000, are in a very good
humor at the results achieved in the way
of showing tbe earth and the people
thereof what Fresno and tne counties of
the valley can do; and they are not only
willing, it is saia, but glad to make up the
small difference between the receipts and
expenses, if there is any when the doors
of the pavilion close to-morrow night.
TACOMA PASTORS SCHEME.
Favors the Introduction of Billiards and
Other Games in a House of
Worship.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 20.— Rev. W. H.
Scudder, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, this morning created a
sensation by openly hinting that his house
of worship should be changed into a mod
ern institutional church. He cited nu
merous instances of churches in Eastern
cities where pool and billiard playing,
bowling and other amusements were run
in connection with the salvation of souls,
and closed by saying:
"The matter is in your hands, brethren.
We will soon be in the new year."
The congregation takes it as an argu
ment favorable to the establishment of
such features here. Some members favor
submitting a definite plan of reorganiza
tion on new lines, but many strongly con
demn such a proceeding. The First Con
gregational is one of the most aristocratic
churches here and the feeling aroused is
intense. If the institutional plan is
adopted it will result in the indignant
withdrawal of many leading members.
SAN JOSE DAMAGE SUITS.
Two Men Who Called A'ame* Go to the
Courts for Redress.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 20.— M. 8. Jaffe,
formerly of this city, but now a liquor
dealer of Stockton, has filed an answer and
cross-complaint to the $5000 damage suit
brought against him by H. Brosius. In
the cross-complaint Jaffe asK3 for $10,000
damages against Brosius. He claims that
his reputation was injured to that extent
by the following words, which, he asserts,
were used by Brosius :
"You are a thief. You rob people. You
sell gin that you fix up and call it Hol
land gin. You sell your goods as eenuine;
they are all doctored and will poison any
one who drinks them."
Several months ago Jaffe and Brosius
bad a dispute over a bill, and in the row
that followed Brosius claims Jaffe accused
him of being a green-poods man. A suit
for $5000 damages by Brosius at once fol
lowed, the claim setting forth that Jaffe
had used these words: ''You are a scoun
drel and a swindler. You are a green
goods man. You buy and sell green
goods and you swindle and rob people
with them."
In his answer, filed yesterday, the de
fendant denies that he used such language.
DINNER FOR THE POOR.
Bounteous Bepast to Be Followed hy a
Free Entertainment.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec 19.— The Ameri
can Volunteers are preparing a magnifi
cent feast for the poor of this city on
Christmas. The workers of several
churches are helping, and much en
couragement is being met with. Com
mittees are canvassing for supplies, and
there promises to be an abundance of
turkey and chicken, cakes, pies, candies
and nuts and other dainties which are em
blematic of Christmas. The tables will be
spread in the armory on El Dorado street.
All the poor will be welcomed and royally
entertained. In the evening there will be
a stereopticon entertainment, with a jolli
fication to follow.
Wanted at Madera.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Dec. 20.— Albino
Higuera was taken to Madera to-night to
stand trial for burglary and jail-breaking
committed three years ago. Higuera
while awaiting trial for burglary, sawed
through the bars of his cell window and
escaped. He recently stole a horse in
Ventura County. Police Officer Tala
mentes arrested him -everal days ago.
Gifts of a Merchant.
The employes of a large business-house
in this City have been made happy by a
Christmas gift of an order for a fine hat
on Groom & Hagan, hatters, 942 Market
street, under the Baldwin Hotel. An
order for one of this firm's elegant hats
constitutes an acceptable present.
Steel Hail* Shipped from Taeoma.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 20.— The steamer
Macduff sailed for the Orient this after
noon with 2000 steel rails and 100 passen
gers. These are the first rails ever shipped
from the Sound.
A Few little closes of Dr. D. Jayne's Expecto
rant, promptly administered, will of en avert a
dangerous attack of Luug or Throai disease, aud
frequently save a life.
The best family rill-Jayne's Painless Sanative.
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
RABBI NIETO
AT PALO ALTO
Talks to Students in the
Stanford University-
Chapel.
"Universal Charity" the Theme
of a Pica to Men of All
Creeds.
Welcomes the Growth of a Spirit of
To erance in the Churches of
Tc-Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec.
20.— At the invitation of the faculty of
Stanford University Rabbi Jacob Nieto
addressed the students this morning. He
took as the subject of his address "Uni
versal Charity." The following is a synop
sis of his remarks:
This world of ours, old as it is, has never
witnessed the realization of its ideals, nor ex
perienced the consummation of its hope in an
ideal. To assume th« contrary would stig;ma
ti ze our efforts, feeble our thoughts, unprogres
sive, our ambitions definable, our aspirations
limited; in short to human thought as a stag
nant pool, a veritable quagmire of decaying
and decayed brain matter. But humanity is
a vast ocean of life in which myriads of strut
gling organisms are constantly germinating
and reproducing newer and better, ideas.
Growth, continuous and never ending is the
law of this universe, and that which is true
of the universe at large is true of man or any
portion or function of his organism. Even as
from the clashing ol the waves of ocean new
forms of life are produced, so from out the
conflict of human emotions there emerge at
all times pure and hallowed thoughts destined
lor eternal life through the new ideals born ol
them.
The color and texture of the petals of a
flower greatly depend upon tho nature of the
soil that nourishes the tree and upon climatic
environment. So the quality of man's
thoughts— the flowers of his intellect— are reg
ulated in a great measure by tile nature ot his
education and his environment. I say, In a
great measure, for even as you cannot make
the rose tree bear corn so is it impossible to
expect a brain to accomplish work that its
structure does not permit. By all means
known to him the gardener strives to produce
a perfect flower, the Btockralser a perfect,
horse and idealists have sought efficient and
effective means to produce a periect human
being. But the experience ot the horse
breeder has demonstrated that there has been
always room for improvement in the best spe
cimens that he has obtained. The experience
of man has shown that the human mind has
never yet conceived an ideal Dut that it has
occurred that after man has begun to arrange
the actions ol his life in conformity to the
iaeal a yd further and more perfectly devel
oped form ol bis ideal has arisen.
The ideal ol "Universal Charity," like all
other ideals, was in its germ state rudimentary
in outline and form, its moving power feeble,
its awakening force weak. Egoistic in its
first inception, following the rule oi universal
law it became at length altruistic. Starting
in the hopes and desires of the individual, it
became quickly National and then by the
gradual processes of development, universal.
Offspring ot emotions ana sentiments the
reverse of itself, like all germs it was forced
to struegie for existence dependent upon that
strength which it had derived from its parent
thoughts. Liberty in iU embryo state is the
offspring of two desires— freedom from
oppression and vengeance on the oppressor.
No sooner has the yoke been thrown off, how
ever, than that desire receives a new and
hallowed impetus. Tbe dreams of retaliation
which in tbe cold darkness of despair seemed
bright and warm, become despicable and
loathsome, and the justice of taking vengeance
upon the enemy darkens into a lurid picture
of barbaric cruelty. Inhuman conduct has
been the germ of all humane laws and cher
ished plans of contemplated revenge have
melted into ethical principles. The odious
ness of repaying their oppressors In kind has
impressed itself upon the minds of liberated
peoples, and souls that hungered for revenge
yearned to share their heavenly lot with lesß
favored races. Convinced by comparison of
the contradictoriness of their vicious intent
and the lofty principles they had striven to
vindicate, they had transformed themselves
from demons of revenge into angels of mercy.
That the world to-day cherishes this, the" lof
tiest and noblest of Ideals, ii the greatest as
surance oi the growth of intelligence that ex
ists. All other ideals are comprised in it and
the practice of the virtues necessary to its
operation. It is a religion in itself
and of itself, being the substance of
all religions and ethical teaching taken
together. Tolerant of all and oppress
ing none, Justice to all without envy or
hate, one law, one God. Tbe martial tread oi
tbe armored soldiers of the medieval church
may, through the terror of their warlike ap
pearance, have forced upon a people creeds
that were odious. The bristling front of
equipped armies may have compelled the ac
ceptance of comfortless dogmas, but the pious
and gentler aspect of "universal charity" at
tracts while it strengthens and infuses hope
and courage into despondent hearts.
The history of the development of human
thought and conduct — of the growth of ideals —
the thoughtful student may readily discover
in tbe Bible. Unfortunately for humanity at
large nearly all the sects that have adopted
the Bible as the basis of their religious and
moral teachings have considered a collection
of books more sacred than human life and
happiness. Their Insistence upon the unal
terability of its enactions have tended to de
feat the end for which they asbert man was
created. Man has been asked to unreservedly
accept all the statements contained therein as
trutb for all time, and to guide bis actions
under the altered conditions of to-day by the
law of 4000 years ago. By this action they
have defined and limited the wisdom and
power of the Infinite and held In bondage hu
man minds. Judaism accepts no such lim
itation. Tbe scope of the operation of any
law must be regulated In accordance with the
requlremenU of the age. To use the words of
the Talmud, "Everything according to the
needs of tbe times."
In the minds of those rough and ready
philosophers, "Man created in the image of
God whose wisdom lias no limit must neces
sarily as to his mind resemble bis maker."
He muit be possessed of an elasticity of
thought, a power lor comprehending all
things. Even as in the progress of bis bodily
growth his form changes, so in the expansion
of his mind must bis thoughts undergo a
change.
Tolerance of adverse opinions or conflicting
religious ideas betokens a state of magnani
mity bardly to be expected ol the early
centuries of the present era. How much the
less would we expect ideal tolerance of men
who lived over 2000 years ago. Yet, this
growth of the spirit of tolerance is to be found
in the Bible. Jehovah, the God of Abraham
the individual, becomes through Moses the
God of Israel the nation, and through the
breadth of mind of the second Isuiah the God
of all the earth— the universal God. The father
and protector of Adam becomes the father of
the first-born Israel, aud through Malachi the
faihcr of all mankind.
All children do not adopt the same mode of
greeting their parents, and so men should be
permitted to approach their father in heaven
as their natures prompted them.
SANIA BARBARA SUICIDE
Merchant John Krieg Fires a Bullet Into
Hit Brain.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Dec. 20.—
John Krieg, a merchant of this city, com
mitted suicide this morning. He arose
early, telling his wife that he was going
for a walk. Later he was seen strolling
along the wharf. When some distance
from shore he went to the edge and placed
a pistol to his head. The echo of the shot
and the splash of the body in the water
told the result. Life being extinct when
the body fell, it floated and was towed
ashore. The Coroner was notified and an
inquest held, the jury returning a verdict
of suicide. Krieg leaves a widow and two
children. Ho was a German by birth, and
50 years old.
Will Bender "The Messiah."
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 20.— The oratorio
of "The Messiah" will be presented at the
First Methodist Church to-morrow and
Tuesday evenings, for the benefit of the
Associated Charities. The music will be
under the direction of J. Hamilton Howe
of San Francisco. 6ev*r. I ' ; «t* from
San Francisco will assist the Ban Jose
vocalists, There will be a chorus of 100
voices.
TUGGERS ON THE ROPE.
Another Say Spent by Men Palling
Against Each Other for a Prize.
Yesterday, less than a week from Christ
mas, was an ideal day. Tbe sun shone
with all the warmth and splendor that it
does in midsummer. Thousands took ad
vantage of the opportunity to visit the
Park, the Cliff and vicinity.
The tug-of-war was the great attraction
in Sutro Baths, and within the big build
ing there were thousands who had assem
bled to see the strong men struggle against
each other for tne prize offered.
There was some little dissatisfaction at
the outset because the poolbox bad been
closed. It was decided to keep it closed
and the men were informed that the tug
must ba decided on merit alone.
The first tug of the afternoon was be
tween Ireland and Canada. The men,
after several jiays' recuperation, were full
of vigor and mounted the platform with
a determination to hold oui against each
other. The Canadians pulled with all the
strength at their command, but at first
they failed to make any impression on
the indicator. After a brief rest they
gave one strong tug and succeeded in
hauling the Irish team over one cleat, and
despite the efforts of the men from Ire
land they were hauled along until eight
cleats had been gained. There was an
other tug and tbe indicator shot past the
mark, the Canadians winning in four
minutes and thirty-rive seconds. Up to
that time Canada had won a tug from
Portugal, Slavonia, Italy, Germany and
Ireland and had a tie with Denmark.
The next to measure their lengths on
the platform were Italy and Germany. At
the word "go" each side tUKged to move
the indicator and each side made a good
showing, but neither gained a cleat for
more than a minute. Germany gained
one oleat and by sheer strength Italy re
gained it, but did not hold it long, lor the
Germans got an advantage and held it
uninterruptedly until they pulled the in
dicator over the winning line, winning in
three minutes and five seconds. This
gives the victory to Germany over SlaVo
nia and Italy, having been defeated by
Sweden, America, Ireland and Canada.
Sweden and Dedmark then went at it,
Sweden gaining a point at the first tug
and holding it for two minutes. One of
the men from Denmark lost his footing
and Sweden taking advantage of this
tugged strongly and at the end of three
minutes and thirty seconds they had
pulled their opponents over the line. The
tug placed Sweden the winner from Ger
many, Italy, Ireland, Slavonia, Portugal
and Denmark, without having met a de
feat during the tournament up to that
time.
The next to appear were the teams
representing the United States and Portu
gal. This was a stubbornly contested tug,
and while the United States' won in six
minutes they did not have a walkover for
they gained it only cleat by cleat with a
rest between each cleat. This placed
America as the winner of a tug from Italy,
Norway, Germany, Denmark, Slavonic
and Portugal without a defeat.
The last pull for the day was between
Norway and Slavonic. Tnis proved to be
the best puU of ihe day. The team for
Slavonia. lighter than the one from Nor
way, gained three cleats, and for some
time it was lose and gain one cleat at a
time, but suddenly Norway got in eight
cleats in one tug and after a rest carried
their opponents over the line in five min
utes and fifty-one seconds, the work being
loudly applauded. This makes Norway
the winner of a tug from Portugal and
Slavonia and with a tie with Italy.
There will De another tug on Sunday
next.
There will not be any ceremony in the
matter of unveiling the Grant monument
in Golden Gate Park, as the sheet was
taken off the long-hid bust by order of
Superintendent McLaren one evening last
week. The monument was tendered by a
committee of citizens to the Park Com
missioners, the Commissioners accepted it
and that was the end of it. Now that the
shroud has been removed the bust of the
illustrious defender of his country is ex
posed to view. The comments of the
people who gave it either a critical or
passing glance was that "it is not much
of a bust, anyhow." There have been
others, but few that do lees credit to the
man whose memory it is intended to
honor.
Since the reopening of the museum in
the park the average attendance has been
1200 a day. The officials of the museum at
this time are engaged in placing distinct
and legible labels on all the exhibits. The
employes of the museum are now attired
in dark-blue uniforms and each wears a
special's star.
Vosmer made a balloon ascension dur
ing the afternoon.
« • *
A printing machine to duplicate type
written work has been invented by a Chi
cago man.
Open
Tonight
To please our patrons we will keep
open this evening, for the special sale of
Men's, Boys' and Children's - Holiday
Clothing, at wholesale prices.
A block and a half from Market street
is not far to come when it saves you the
enormous profits of the middlemen ;
Remember the Blue Signs ! Remem-
ber the saving those signs mean to you.
Boys' and Children's fine stylish
clothing our Holiday fad. - .
A boy's best friend is his mother;
boy, bring your mother to us for your
holiday suit, and what she saves buying
at our wholesale price will buy you all the
toys you want. ■ *
I
I
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers •
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills '
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121*123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN THE BREAKERS
Dr. Joseph Rodes of San
Diego Drowned at
La Jolla.
Goes Fishing in a Frail Craft
and Encounters Heavy
Seas.
Rescued Once, but Perishes While
Attempting to Right His
Boat.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 20.— An awful
death overtook Dr. Joseph Rodes this
morning at La Jolla. Dr. Rodes was one
of the leading physicians of the city, al
though only 33 years of age, and, through
his wealth and high family connections,
was quite prominent here and in Phila
delphia, hia native city. He had a cot
tage at La Jolla, and was spending ths
Sabbath there with his family, consisting
of his wife, two children and his brother
in-law, John Keenan.
Eodes and Keenan vent tishing this
morning in a rowboat on the calm ocean,
not far from the landing place. When
they attempted to return at 11 o'clock
they found the breakers very high and
threatening to swamp their boat. They
passed through one or two lines of comb
ers without accident, and seemed to be
out of dancer when a very large wave
arose and filled the boat, capsizing it. Dr.
Rodes 1 feet were tangled in the fishing
lineß, but he succeeded in reaching the
upturned boat with Keenan, and they
were picked up by two other fishermen,
W. E. Gouldman and Bob Stewart.
After all were in the boat Dr. Rodes
insisted upon trying to right his boat.
While they were attempting this another
great breaker dashed upon the four men
and threw them out, turning the boat
over and over. Dr. Rodes' boat was
lifted and brought down with a crash, one
end striking his forehead and fracturing
his skulL He succeeded in swimming a
few feet, but fainted, and Keenan, seeing
his condition, swam to his assistance and
held him above water.
The three men were in a dangerous po
sition, the breakers piling water over their
heads and almost strangling them. Kee
nan is an expert swimmer and quite ath
letic He contrived to reach the capsized
boat after herculean labor and clung to it,
holding Rodes' head uniil help came from
shore. Gouldman, one of the rescuing
party, was overcome by the waves: and
almost drowned. He bad only an oar to
cling to, but one of the others, after reach
ing the boat, flung a rope to him by which
he saved himself.
Dr. Rodes' wound on the head was the
immediate cause of his death. Keenan,
holding him up, noticed that he grew
deathly pale and before the rescuers came
he found that Rodes was dead. The
rescuers, John Kennedy and C. S. Dear
born, reached the party twenty minutes
after the accident and all was almost on
the point of giving up from exhaustion.
Mrs. Rodes was in the cottage overlook
ing the little cove where her husband met
his death. She was spared the agony of
witnessing the accident, however, and
while waiting for uer husband to return
was made acquainted with the news.
A special car was sent out to La Jolla
this afternoon and the body was brought
to the city. An inquest will be held to
morrow morning.
Dr. Rodes was quite wealthy, having a
fine home at Fourth and A streets.
Found Dead nt Mammoth Tank.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 20.— Coroner
Johnson received word to-night that an
unknown man, supposed to be a tramp,
was found dead on the railroad track at
Mammoth Tank, on the desert, to-day.
He had been cut in two by a passing train,
probably during the night.
Veterans Honor Their Late Comrade.
SAN DIEGO, Cai., Dec. 20.—Heintzel
man Post, G. A. R., turned out almost 100
old veterans this morning, who marched
to the Santa ife depot, accompanying the
body of the late Captain George E. Lemon,
who died at C ronado on Friday. The
body was sent to Los Angeles, and will
be shipped thence in a special car to
Washington for interment
Ex- Judge Witherby'a Funeral.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 20.— The funeral
of the late ex-Judge 0. S. Witherby was
held this morning at the family resi
dence, Second and D streets. A large
number of friends, some of them old com
rades of the Judge in the stirring pioneer
days, gathered to pay their respects.
Many floral pieces were sent by friends.
At Mount Hope Cemetery San Diego
Lodge No. 138, I. O. 0. F., conducted the
ceremonies.
SELMA CONFLAGRATION.
Flouring Mill and ( ontenta Destroyed
by Flames.
SELMA, Cai., Deo. 2a— The Selma
flouring-mill was burned this morning at
6 o'clock, with twenty tons of corn and
several thousand sacks of flour, wh at and
bariev. Four hundred cords of wood also
went'up in smoke. The fire is supposed
to have been started by an incendiary. C.
Bachtold, the proprietor, has been doing
business with the entire valley and as far
south as Mexico. A lot of new machinery
was recently put in. The mill will be re
built. The loss is f 30,000; insurance, $10,
-000.
For Friends Abroad.
There is no more delightful souvenir to
send to friends abroad than the Christmas
News Letter, out to-day. Of all news
dealers. Office 5% Kearny street. Eighty
eight pages, 15 cents.
People who use tobacco to a great de
gree are rarely sufferers from cholera.
TAKE YOUR CHOICE!
WILL YOU BE
WISE - - OR - FOOLISH?
WEAK - - OR - VIGOROUS?
PONY - - OR -POWERFUL?
MANLY ■ ■ OR -. BASHFUL?
NERVY - ■ OR - NERVOUS?
Now it has to be one thing or the other
with yon, and no one is to be blamed, if
yon choose foolishly. Poor mortal that
you are, why do you keep on and on in
your folly That lassitude, that shaking—
which sometimes almost amounts to
paralysis; those fears of death; that
bashful and weak-kneed way that you
have of setting around, and that knowl-
edge that you have that you get no joy
out of life that is worth speaking about-
all these things are signs that you are
suffering from that dangerous disease
Nervous Prostration. Get rid of it! Yes,
get rid of it, and start in at once. There's
life and strength and manhood and
virility and vigor ahead for yon if you
want them.
■*- HUD YIN ■ "*■
The marvelous remedio-treatment that is
used at the Hudson Medical Institute, the
(Treat white building at the corner of Ellis,
Market and Stockton streets, has saved
thousands upon thousands from all the
horrors that you are afflicted with, and
your case is by no means too far gone.
Go there or write and ask for circular."
and testimonials about this grand remedy.
Why, in thirty days you won't know 1
yourself, and no matter whether you have '
got kidney, liver or bladder trouble;
whether you have had a bad case of blood-
poisoning and have a lace and a body
covered with bad pimples and blotches, or
whether you are run down and unable to
perform the big functions of nature — it
will be all the same to those wonderful
physicians. You ask what they will do
for you! They will cure you and make a
whole man of you. ...
STATEMENT
OF THE ,
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS %
OF THE .
BALOISE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BASLE, SWITZERLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed, as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Capital..... «3,000,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
in cash. 400,000 00
'•'•- •} ASSISTS. .
Real Estate owned by Company.... $ 299,752 22
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages..... 877,60000
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. 215,776 13
Cash In Company's Oflice and in
8ank5....... 123,677 36
Interest due ' and accrued on ■ all
•. stocks and L0an5...... 6,932 82
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion... 44,996 77
[ Total Assets....; $1,068,786 30
I V. ..','._. INABILITIES.
I losses Adjusted and Unpaid 949,103 40
! Losses In. Process of Adjustment or •
I In Suspense 41,182 20
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
I . ning ' one year or lass, : $485,-
-| 482 23; reinsurance 50 per cent. 243,741 11
; Gross Premiums Ou > ire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $82,-
-] - 038 93; reinsurance pro rata.... 50,862 89
j Cash Dividends remaining unpaid.. ■ 258 00
1 Total Liabilities $381,197 60
j ' ' INCOME. ■-;■ ■ - -
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums ........:............... $567,519 17
Received (or Interest and Dividends
. on Bonds, stocks, Loans and
from ail other sources. 33.810 67
Received for Bents. 11,240 46
Total 1nc0me................... $612,670 30
j . , EXPENDITURES.""""
i Net Amount paid for Fire Losses... $350,029 1 1
i Dividends to Stockholders 2400000
j Paid or Allowed for Commission or -■ '
8r0kerage........... ._ 105 155 40
I Paid for salaries. Pees and other " '
Charges for Officers, Clerks, etc. 52 095 23
Paid for State. National and Local
I X&X63 ••••••••.«•.■'•••».* ' c ROT so
; All other Payments and Expend!- . . / .
j ture5....... ........................ ,24,717 10
' Total Expenditures ...... $564,504 68
I;. RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
i_; .- ".'.-■■ ■ ■'..;: : Fire Risks. , •. Premiums.
Net amount of risks ' ' ■ ~ *^~ ■•■ ■
•written during
y o a r to,risks « 194 ' 873 -" •526.500 43
expired during ; "
N^f aTdunTin 37 ' ' 3 « -67,898 32
• force December
: 31, 1895.' ........ 325,073.194 567,519 17
'■] R. ISELIN, President. ;'
A. TRoXIjEK, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day
Of April, 1896. GEORGE OIKFORD,
United States Consul.
SITZ & 00.,
;'."> GENERAL AGENTS.
410 California St., San Francisco.
NEW TO-PAT.' ; . _.-_ -
'AT AUCTION
TO-MORROW,
TUESDAY DECEMBER 83, 1896,
;i >!■;■■ -j At 12 o'clock noon, . . ' -
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST
Market-Street Improved Property.
Northwest line Market st., 114:6 feet south
of Franklin; large lot, extending through 10 Pagi
St.; Improvements on the Markec-sl. front; alsi
on the Page st. front. This piece of property 1
Improving every day and soon will be wort!
S3UOO per front foot. It is In the first block beyonc
Van Ness avenue and in the march of elegant Im
provements. A big chance for a specula or o
capitalist. Examine this; lot 27:6x104:10, throu"l
to Page at., which it fronts 21 :9 feet.
Downtown Property— lmproved.
South line (Xos. 607% and 609) Pine St., 137 •(
feet west of Grant aye : front building, 4 stories
27 rooms and bath: rear building, 2 stories, 10
rooms; well built, in fine condition; always rented
rent 3Oj cement \v»Us; basalt rock on Pine st.
lot 34:41/2*137 :6 feet.
Residence Lot Near Market Street.
South line of Clinton Park, 155 east of Dolorei
St., and near Market st: lot ready for building
pleasant surroundings; examine this; must rx
sold; Castro-st. cable; lot 25x75 feet.
Nob Hill Residence.
North line (No. 1816) of Pine st. 68 feet east o 1
Octavla; 2-story bay- windowed residence of i
rooms and bath; basement; cement sidewalk and
garden walks; bituminous street; everything in
splendid shape; large lot, 28x107:6 feet.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
• East line (No. 216) of Ashbnry st., 100 feet
north of Fell; handsome 2-story bay-windowed
residence; 7 rooms and bath; high basement; in
fine . condition ; cement-stone walk; Iron fence-
brick foundation: tine home; one-half block from
Golden Gate Park; several cable roads; lot 25x103
feet.
Magnificent Corner Lot.
Southwest corner of Pacific and Jones sts.; all
I ready to Improve; , would pay well with stores be
| low and flats above; good location for builneis;
Pacific st. In basalt rock and cement-stone walk;
'■ Jackson and Hyde st. cables; large corner lot
1 60x52:4 feet
Probate Sale.
Northwest line (No. 538) of Howard st., 425
feet south of First; Improvements, 2 dwellings of
10 and 4 rooms. This Is close to business prop-
erty, and Howard st. must soon become a business
street; plenty of car lines: lot 25x85 feet
Oak- Street Business Property, Near
Golden Gate Park.
South line of Oak st., 187:6 feet west of Deviia-
dero; 2 handsome business lots, and but 1 block
from Golden Oute Park; Improved with stores
below and flats above; rent quickly; examine
these; must be sold; 2 lots, 25x137:6 feet.
Mission Heights— Cottage. .
West line (No. 164) of Clara aye.. 168 feet
north of Eighteenth st., near Douglass ; pretty
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and bath: street
sewered, graded and macadamized; cement walk
and Iron fencing: examine this; Elghteenth-st.
electric-cars; lot 28x136 feet.
. For Catalogues, Terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ Office and Salesrooms 638 Market St.
li Coughs and Golds ii
¥ 5
I CAN BE CURED. j|
I | If neglected they cause that dread dis- Q
8 ease, Consumption. a
( I ______ II
4■ < ►
p ' ■■•■■•"-' ' O
J Dr. Martin's -Pain Cttrer ±
i, ... . "..' . ■■ i-'ii :,-.-;■ ■•■■' wx'< >
1(1 Is a remedy that is nnequaled. Q
;1 1 Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle J |
|( i ______ - '. '"'■'»
1 , L. CALLISCH, ' M
_ Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coatt, , 7
v Ban Jose, Cal. x
%3 . - ■ . . ■ - » * ( ■ .i - - - ■ ■■ W
2 For sale by all druggists. Tha trade ' '
9 supplied by Kedington & Co.. Mack & O
♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- £
© Cisco. -V v'-'v.- 1 : -■■• 9
&»••■•■♦•♦•♦•♦—♦•♦•♦• •♦<
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF ST. HALL, BWITZERIiAND.ON THE SIBT
day of December. A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of tne State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner. \ " ■. ■'>.;»,.;..
'" .-■' CAPITAL. ;■ \ .' ,;-•* .
Capital $2,000,000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op In
Cash 400,000 00
ASSETS. '. .. . .,. .".
Real Estate owned by Company. ... 9 1,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 091,295 21
Cash Market Value of all Mocks and
Bonus owned by Company..."... ■ 855, 39
Cash In Company's Office and in '
Banks 272,38857
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ■ "■ -' 5
• and Mortgages :.'.;. -.:..•.. i 22,02710
Premiums In due Course of Collec- '
tion 162,12260
Total assets $1.944.090 87
M ABILITIES. .~7"
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 1
Losses in Process of Adjustment] ■ ■
or in Suspense f. 987,290 37
Losses Resisted, including Ex- 1
pnnses J
Gross Premiums on Fire" Risks run- - ' ,
ning one year or less, $H36,-
-960 5tS: reinsurance 50 per cent. 318,480 28
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- " "
ning more than one year, $180,- ' ■ U.:
799 71; reinsurance pro rata 128,839 77
Due and accrued for Salaries, Kent, • -
etc....... 11.60000
j All other Demands against the Com- < •
pany.......... 191,293 81
TotaHJabllliUes ............... $747,309 13
INCOME. ■ - •
, Net Cash actually received for Fire 1 .
Premiums 9710,980 62
; .Received for interest on Bonds and *
Mortgages ........;:.,. •'• 24,926 63
Received for interest and dividends
i -■ On Bonds, stocks. Loans, and • f' :
\ from all other sources 32.780 78
Total Income $768,637 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $369,460 49
Dividends to Stockholders. 96,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
8r0kerage............;... 101,338 80
Paid for .Salaries, Fees and other ■ ■• .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 47,300 83
Paid for State, National and Local ,-■■-«-■ x
Taxe5........ ...;...........' 17,142 97
All other payments and expendi-
tures..... . ;...-:■■■• 47.60190
; Total Expenditures.;......!..". 9678,744 99
BISKS ANn PREMIUMS.
~ ~ ' i ' Fire RUks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
y V e r ,lr tendn " n . g . l . be 9807.956,565 $1,448,16601
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.............. 634,072,021 792,10311
Net amount In forcp . •• • ; ; ■ , ; . .
Decenib<rr3l,lB9s. 441,133,58»} 767,760 27
","* ."' ' F. HALTMAYER, President.
31. J. GKOS3H AN, Secretary,
.Subscribed and sworn to < before < me, this Slat
day of March, 1896. . IBVIxOB .RICHMAN. .
; ..' ,".-'.: U. 8. Consul-General.
SlTzlc CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS. ■ :
410 California Street, San Francisco.STRANGE TURN
IN A PATENT SUIT
Three-Cornered Claims to a
Photographic In
vention.
Marceau Alleged to Hive Se
cured a Patent by Illegal
Means.
George A. Meyer Asserts He Is the
Real Inventor of a Certain
Eas-Reiief Process.
A rather unexpected and sensational
turn has been given to the suit tiled by I.
W. Taber against Theodore G. Marceau in
the United States Circuit Court lor alleged
infringement of a patent in connection
with the making of bas-relief photographs.
This suit was instituted about three
months ego, but the main issues have
never been before the court. E. F. Mur
dock and J. H. Miller are attorneys for
GEORGE A. MEYER, Who Claims the Invention of an
Important Photographic Process.
' complainant and John L. Boone is the
legal representative of the defendant.
One of the must stringent rules in con
nection with the granting of patents is
. that requiring the applicant for the patent
to be the actual inventor. The complain
ant in this suit now claims to have made
the discovery that Marceau, in whose
name the alleged infringing patent stands,
is not the real inventor, and that there
fore his patent is void and that he has
been guilty of forgery. The attorneys for
Taber even go further, and declare that
the real inventor is George A. Meyer, at
present in the employ of Marceau.
In support of their claims they will pro
duce a sworn statement from Meyer in
which the latter claims that the Marceau
patent was obtained on the invention
which he submitted to his employer, and
. that be allowed his rights to be interfered
with because he did not at the time real
ize the value of his invention.
Meyer's sworn statement is as follows:
The way 1 first learned of bas relief photo
graphing is as follows: I was at Strong's and
Mr. Marceau came there to get Strong to de
vise some method or process by which to make
photographs in relief. Strong tried for quite
a while, but was unsuccessful. Strong is a
member of the firm of Bolton & Strong, photo
engravers.
I bad my wife make a blue print from a
negative at noun. I made a plaster of Paris
slab that night, engraved the slab and em
' bossed the photograph that same night. My
' first attempt was successful. The next morn
ing I took it down to the shop and showed it
to three or four of the boys. At noontime I
telephoned to Marceau inquiring if he would
. like to see me in regard to raised photographs.
I went that night to see Marceau, but I did not
have the photograph with me. I simply spoke
of it to him. and he told me to bring the pho
tograph around to him the following day, and
{n accordance with this request I brought him
the embossed blue print the next day. He
appeared ver7 glad to see it and said it was
the very thing he was looking for. He gave
me a negative, so as to see if I could make a
bas relief from one of his own negatives. I
returned him the completed embossed photo
* graph the next day.
Then for two or three days we were fussing
'over — what to do and what he was to give
me. We finally decided that I was to work for
him for a salary. When I was there two or
•three weeks he made me sign a paper. 1
signed the paper and continued to work for
him. The paper, as far as I read and under
stood it, was that I was to worK for so much a
week to perfect an invention of Theodore C.
Marceau.
Marceau did not have an invention of this
kind to my knowledge, although he had had
others working for him to make this for him,
which I learned after I was there. I was in
his employ a short time when -he spoke about
our getting out a patent on this particular in
vention. He spoke in such a way that I
thought he was going to do something for me
in that way. He always said we were going to
get out a patent, and I thought he was going
to benefit me. I did not know when he filed
the application for the patent. The only time
he spoke to me definitely about the patent
was when he showed me a telegram that the
patent had been issued to him.
. I have always considered this my own In
vention. 1 was told so by every one who saw
me do it. My invention consists of mak
ing plaster of Paris slab and cutting out
the outline of the photograph on a print and
putting it on the piaster of Paris cast and en
graving from that, then registering and em
bossing it. • .
I always considered myself the first in
ventor of this particular process, and I gave
Mr. Marceau no authority to procure a patent
in Marceau's name. 1 did not know that Mr.
Marceau had procured a patent until Mr. Mar
feau showed me a telegram announcing the
fact that the patent was allowed. It was three
months after I was there before he spoke con
fidentially of us getting a patent. At the time
that Mr. Marceau showed me the telegram an
nouncing the granting of the patent I did not
then make any move asserting my rights for
the reason that I was upder the impression
'that I could do nothing against the -patent
that had been granted to him. I did not know
to the contrary until within the last few days.
Mr. Meyer is a dentist by profession,
and when called upon was quite diffident
in speaking of the subject of his inven
tion. .He explained his silence hitherto
by confessing that he was co much ab- \
sorbed in his dentistry work that he I
thought little of ibe value of his photo
graphic bas-relief invention at i lie time.
Jle stated that he had beard that Marceau
was trying to secure sucn an invention in
order to compete with the Taber gallery,
and he set about experimenting with ma
terial which he was accustomed to handle
in connection with his profession. He ,
soon hit upon a successful process, and
the remainder of the story is best told in
the preceding sworn statement.
Meyer has been in the employ of Mar
ceau ever «ince Marceau adopted his
method. His attention was entirely
given to the manufacture of bas-relief
photographs by the method which he
I claims to have invented. In view, how
eve:, of the turn which matters have now
taken Meyer will probably not aeain set
foot in the Marceau gallery.
THE THEATERS TO-NIGHT.
Notes That Wilt Interest Those Who
Are Desirous of Going to the
Playhouse* This Evening.
The great attraction at the Baldwin Theater
this evening is Palmer Cox's Brownies, those
funny little people that during tne past few
nights have proved such an attraction.
The Frawley Company, whicii has just re
turned from Honolulu, will open at the Colum
bia Theater this evening in "The Railroad of
Love." This is said to be a comedy of much
merit.
'The Cricket on the Hearth" is the attrac
tion announced by the management of the
A.c-izar Theater for to-nignt. It is a piay tbat
is always interesting and ought to draw well.
"She," dramatized from Haggard's great
novel of that uamo, is to be offered at the
Grand Opera-aouse this eveuiu*. It is to be
put on with special scenery and new cos
tumes.
'Jack and the BeaustalK" is what the pa
trons of the Tivoli Opera-house will see to
night. It is a Christmas piece, that with
brignt scenery, line costumes aud good music
is attractive.
A flying ballet and a grand-opera ballet is
what will attract at the Orpheum this even
ing, in addition to a number of strikingly
original Bi>t?cialties by nrsi-class artists.
At the Haight-street Recreation grounds
there will be a new attraction — rolling dowr.
the chutes on a barrel; and in the Casino ther.
will be skating au'l a new view from the
animatoscope eyery fifteen minutes.
Professor Gleasoa, the well-known horse
tamer, will present an attraction at the Circus
Royal. It will be an exhibition of his metn- I
ods and powers in subduing wild horses.
The Bush-street Theater will reopen to
night when the "Queen of the Plains" wiil be
presented, with Kate Pursell in the leading
character. Miss Pursell will appear as an
equestrienne.
ADVOCATES TEMPERANCE
Rousing Rally of the League oi
the Cross at St. Peter's
Church.
There was a rally of the members of the
League of the Cross held yesterday after
noon at St. Peter's Church, which was
largely attended, and a number of new
members were added to this large band of
youths who have pledged themselves to
temperance. Tie meeting was for the
purpose of keeping up interest m the
membership and the admission of new
members.
Thomas Curtis presided at the meeting.
The programme was as follows:
Opening hymn, "Veni Creator"; instru
mental solo, Professor Scbaeremsteine; vuc<il
solo, Master Canavan; recitation, Master
Charles Campbell; vocal solo. Master Casey;
recitation, Master M. Callasrhnn; National
hymn, ''America"; cornet solo, "Holy City,"
Frank Lycett; address of the lay, Joseph E.
O'Donnell; remarks, Father McDonald, spir
itual director: vocal solo. Master Millward;
comic song, Richard Beliac; song, Master
Goitnix; remarks by the spiritual director of
the league, Rev. Father O Ryan.
The most prominent feature of the meet
ing was the address by Mr. O'Donnell,
which Father O'Ryan complimented as
b'ing "masterly." The young lawyer elo
quently urged upon the boys to form
ha' its of temperance, and form self-control
now in the days of their youth, which is
the molding time of character. He
warned them of the strong temptations to
come, and arduous duties to be perform U
in their approacning manhood, and
pointed out the need of preparation to
meet them wnile the mind and heart are
young and plastic He explained to them
that one of the great benehts of the league
was that in friendly association they could ;
encourage each other to lead lives of
virtue. The company a boy keeps has a
powerful influence in determining whether
his manhood will be good or evil.
The assistance given to the musical part
of the entertainment by Miss McAleer and
Brother Hosea as accompanists was much
appreciated.
Last of all, a row of little boys stood in
line and, holding their right hands up,
solemnly nledsred themselves to total
abstinence till 21 years of age.
Knighta of Honor.
Norman Lodge baa elected the following offi
cers: ;It H. Htrschfeld, P. IX ; G. W. llarlow, lx ;
F. W. Kotemao, V. D. G. W. Murphy, A. D.;
Jacob G»DS. B. (sixteenth term) : p. J. Joyce, V
B.: F. W. Zehfus, T.: F. a. Stolz,cbapain: J. C.
B»wtelle, G.: F. VMklns, guide: A. Sellg. gentry.
Union Lodge, has elected ih« following-named
for the ensuing term: J. H. Klley, p. d.; G. Wal
com, D. ; Henry Manamg, V. l>. ; Captain J. G.
Bint;, A. V.; Cnarlei O. Khafer, R.; G. J. Vincent,
F. *:•; H. A. Sieffens, T.: c. w. Balk, chaplain; T.
L. Tomilson. guide; J. T. Smith, guardian; C. C.
xfattine. gentry. ■-..,-.;
Stanford Lodze has elected the following named :
John a. Carroll, •P. I). ; Carl Waht, D.; James' i
(iairod, V. D. : Robert Sands, .A. . D. ; - John J' !
Beran, B-: Al Strohmeler. .F. X.; a. Morris, T.- I
Krnest Thy^s, C. : M. Schlfgelmllch, U.; Oito i
Schoenwald, guardian; M Davis, a.; O. schoen
wald. B. Thves and R. Sands, trustees.
■ •— ♦ — •
Remember the grand Christmas sale of ;
ni^n grade bicyc.'es takes place at 33 and
35 Main street, San Francisco, on Tuesday,
December 22. at 11 a. m. Remember that j
every, wheel is guaranteed by the Robert j
Malcom Company, 735 Market street, '
wholesale and retail dealers in bicycle '
materials of every description. Will E. '
fisher & Co.
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
CVrr/tuNi asTouuto.
C 2*p£ut At S£v6*o
RABBI NIETO HONORED
H=; Is Re-elected by Congrega
tion Sherith Israel for
Three Years.
Cmtor Davis Is Also Unanimously
Chosen — Both at Increased
Salary.
An extraordinary general meeting of the
Congregation Sherith Israel was called by
the president and board of trustees for
yesterday afternoon at the vestry-rooms,
corner of Post and Taylor streets. There
was a full attendance of the congregation
and of the committees.
After the attention of those present had
been given to matters of routine business
the principal affair of the day was pro
ceeded with. Consideration was given to
the question of the election of a rabbi and
cantor. It was proposed, seconded and
unanimously carried that the Rev. Dr.
. _ ■ ■■■ ■•:■■.■■■- ' . ■ ■ NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING- : . '_ . ■■■ nn ' __■_' ._.,.:...
( \ 1 IH OJJCddI
nM< v /TWr\ wlfef F ° r Holiday
/f w^ mVm m) YVCCIVi
/ I 'w^r^W J\ l Sj^m ' %\\ \ Our contribution to the "Merrie Season" will
V l\\jf)} v J ffl \ > -J\\_*dsF '' c anot^ er one of our famous one-week sales,
r*»»»"'ir«i.K^v^ 11 j£~ ;{fflr^ _^__ when, forgetting profits, we will make the heart
V \^ J7\ lr . oop^Q/y^ tHI' /f (C^S glad of him who buys clothing.
\l *£] // / JfuV tHI Here's a handsome suit ; comes in single and
\ > l^-' /I 1 jlll|\ IPI *z=Z<s c\ double breasted sacks and cutaways, cut after the
\ f'C'// I /[ili\ Hi fe> latest patterns. The material is all wool black and
Vi f tS* i// I //111 II V Hi *k£r blue cheviots, double-and-twist thread, Alizarine
\ yC ■?//" I ill 111 1 \ k§ a dyed. A strong, closely woven fabric, of deep
> till li till V ■ '«^ color, warranted not to fade. The workmanship is
'tfs'snry' 'i I 1 II I \\\m rst c^ ass ' trimmings in keeping with the quality
*J\s? llSllll ill of the suit, carefully tailored ; large deep collars
«tfdp . / 111 111 / anc^ l a P ellS > bard bone and horn buttons.
V 1 £ $6.95 .
' 11l 1I f lII ' e * < Cr :::::^ • Buys this suit this week ! The wholesale price
{ IRftlfi if// : -~~~~l^^ ' has always been $10, and dealers considered it a
jss? 1111-z^^^' bargain at that figure. We knock off even the
£%& - \ lir}^' * wholesale profit this week, giving you that for a
«b^ gtt Christmas present. Kept in repair one year free
of charge.
5. n. wood & co.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN DLLS),
541 Market Street,
Open Evenings Until Christmas. Directly Opposite Sansome.
The Italian Philharmonic Society received an ovation at the New Bush
street Theater last evening. The occasion was the singing by that aggregation
of local artists of Donizetti's masterpiece, "Poliuto." Th* rendition was an
artistic success, and the theater was packed with enthusiastic lovers of music.
The leading parts were taken by Miss M. Coleman, soprano, as Paolina; L.
Giorgi, tenor, as Poliuto; L. Delucca, tenor, as Felix; C. Z:ipelli, barytone, as
Senerus; C. Vitaline, basso, as Cailisthenes; D. Valerga, tenor, as Marco, and
A. Biagi, tenor, as A Chrit iau.
Much of the success of the production was due to the unusually strong
and well-trained chorus.
This comprised Misses L. Spadina, alto; T. Casassa, alto; A. Spadina,
alto; T. Need ham, alio: D. Lombardi, J. Murphy, J. Lenormand, T. Guinasso,
E. Montrichard, M. Cronin, K. Talbot. 1. Talbot, I. Butlach, M. Buckley and
A. Biagi, E. Merani, C. Bolis, C. Bianchi, 0. Caselli, F. Di Grazia, C. Frances
chini, 8. Lazzarini, C. Maccono, A. Petri, G. Rigassi, F. Scatena, A. Alborelli,
A. Daniele. C. Albossio.
The action of the opera, which is described as a melodrama in three acts,
takes place at Militene, capital of Armenia, in the third century, durins the
reign of the Roman Emperor Decius. The plot deal 3 with the persecution of
the early Christians, and the leading parts in their interpretation called for
considerable histrionic talent. In this the ladies and gentlemen singing the
parts were not found wanting.
Professor A. Spadina acted as musical director and Signor D. Valerga was
stage manager.
Jacob Nieto be elected for a period of three
years at an increased salary. This is the
longest time that the committee is em
powered to elect a rabbi under the consti
tution of the synagogue. A deputation of
trustees waited upon the reverend gentle
man during the atternoon for the purpose
of acquainting him of his re-election.
Louis Brown, the president of the congre
gation, voiced the decision of the members
of Sherith Israel in p few eracefnl words,
in which he took occasion to speak in flat
tering terms of Dr. Nieto's sprvices during
the time in which he has acted as the pas
tor of the congregation.
Rev. D. S. Davis, the cantor, was also re
elected at an increased salary for three
years.
Coursing at Ingleside.
The coursing matctiea at Ingleside yes
terday were excitiDg and the betting was
lively. The results of the runs were as
follows:
T. Hayes' Firenzi beat M. Traynor's Whip
Jr., Dilion <fc Rilev's Granuwaile bent J. Fi'.z
patrick's Annie Daley, T. Cronin's Old Glory
beat J. McCormict's White Lily, M. Rog
er s 'Sly Boy beat J. McCormtck's Binck
Prince. M. A. Donovan's Little Weasel
beat M. Welch's Marguerite, W. Kay's
Eclipse beat P. Curtis' Wild Flower,
D. Chilla's Happy Day beat W. W. Season's
Maid of SRn Francisco ; J. F. Grace's Snid Pasha
beat D. Curtln's Nellie Maher; W. Kelly's
Victory beat Dillon & Riley's Queen B; D.
Leonard's \Vill-0-Wisp beat C. Gallagher's
Hazel; J. Seggerson's White Chief beat G.
Wattson's Belmont; M. Welch's Tipper
ary beat Valley kennel's Mountain Daisy;
T.'Breiinen's Gold King beat M.Welch's Sars
tield; E. Campbell's Bendalong beat T.
Foley's Georßie Dixon; Valley kennel's Sky
lark "beat P. Casserly's Teinescal Renger; Rich
mond kennels' Uncle Sam beat Bassett &
Burns' Ormonde.
First ties — Firenii beat Granuwaile;
Sly Boy beat Old Glory; Eclipse
beat Little Weasel; Said Pasha
beat Happy Day, Will o' Wisp bent Victory,
White Chief beat Tipperary, Bendalong beat
Gold King. Skylark beat Uncle Sam.
Second tie— Sly Boy beat Firenzi, Eclipse
beat Said Pasha, White ChieJ beat Will o' Wisp,
Bendalong beat Skylark.
Third ties— Eclipse beat 81y Boy; White
Chief beat Bendalong.
Final— Eclipse beat White Chief.
At Sacramento the winners were: Hand
spring, first; Moonlight, second; Airship,
third; Combination, fourth.
* ,♦ » . P? V--'
The management of the Austrian female
prisons is in the hands of female religious
orders. ' [-^lyji'-ri^^
SAY THEY CAN
MAKE RATES
The Attorney-General's De
murrer Is a Fighting
Document
Railroad Commissioners Said to
Have a Right to Make
Rates.
The Rate-Making Power Legislative
and Not Subj ct to Revision
by a Court
Attorney-General Fitzgerald's demur
rer in the famous Railway Commission
ers case, now pending in the United States
Circuit Court, was the one theme of con
versation in legal circles yesterday.
It is now generally conceded that the
move will greatly delay the main issue
and give the Commissioners a slight ad
vantage.
Another feature of the case of consider
able interest is that it forces .ludpe Mc-
Konna to go over the entire matter again
and pass with even more care than before
on a number of intricate matters.
"There is one feature of the case," said
Attorney J. B. Randolph yesterday,
"which ought to be thoroughly exploited.
It is comprised in objection C of para
graph 5, and is as follows: 'Because it is
in violation and contravention of the
rules and principles of the common law,
in relation to restraints of trade and in re
lation to monopolies.' The question as
to the extent of the common law rule is
one of preat importance and ought to be
thoroughly ventilated now."
Speaking of the case yesterday, Attorney-
General Fitzgerald said:
"I do not attach great importance to
the filing of this demurrer, for it has
long been contemplated. It introduces
no new procedure and no great
surprise, but has come up in due
course of business and will be disposed of
as it is reached. Of course it involves
many of the vital issues of the entire
case," and if we win the whole matter is
practically settled."
Great stress wiil be laid on the point
that the acts of the hoard have been and
are essentially legislative in character and
not subject to the revision or review of
any court. It is said that this point will
be argued at creat length.
The entire effect of the demurrer will be
to cause a closer analysis than has yet
been eiven to the question of the powers
and functions of the board. The argu
ment promises to be exhaustive and far
reaching.
It is understood that the Commissioners
feel sure that a more extensive investiga
tion of the case will result in a decision in
their tavor. They say there is abundant
precedent for the position that their func
tions are wholly legislative and not aub
ject to amendment or revision.
A Great Production.
There couldn't be a lovelier souvenir
to send to friends abroad than the Christ
mas News Letter, out to-day. Eighty
eight pages; 15 cents. Be sure to tafce a
copy home.
HEW TO-PAT.
TELEFfIOIE. IiBAJr 38 ASD 38.
IHPOKTIIfi GROCERS,
236 SITTER STREET,
Worth Side, Above Kearny.
SPECIAL SALE
LASTING THROUGH THIS WEEK.
OUR EXQUISITE FRENCH MIXED QAC
CANDY O\J
Pound
ALL LEADING BRANDS CHAM- ©Q rr{\
PAGNE «jJ)Z. IK)
Quarts
• 1. 42% Pints
LA PAVORITA DE CALIFORNIA Q? O OM
Z IN FAN DEL. «s)2j.yU
per 1 doz. Quarts
Regular list price, $4 50.
Tnls la the choicest product of California table
wines.
We allow 60c upon return of 1 doz. empties.
NEW ARRIVALS.
Finnan Haddies.
Smoked Goose breast.
Westphalia Ham.
Imported Sausages.
Mammoth Pecans.
Shelibark Hickory Nuts.
Leipsic Calmus.
Henry's Patees.
Bon Bons and Tree Orna-
ments.
Bohemian Porcelain Coffee
Pots. .
WHE! OTHERS FAIL COSSUIT
DOCTOR SWEANY
UUli I U n OifLHlii,
; A physician whose reputation is established
by ten years of successful practice at 737 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
j NERVOUS DEBILITY, SSK
I hidden vices or excesses, is the curse of hu-
! inanity, the unpardonable sin. It blights all
j the pleasures of youth. ' It deadens the spirits
j and weakens the brain. Its train of ills and
j evils tears down the strongest constitution
i and completely wrecks the mental and physi-
{ cal man. Thousands of young and middle-
aged men through this scourge of humanity
have found homes in insane asylums or filled
I suicide's graves. It has broken up more
I home?,' caused more desertions and separ-
j ations than all other evils combined. If you
I are a. sufferer from tills monster of all diseases
you should consult Doctor Sweany. He can
positively and permanently restore your wasted
j and weakened powers, your health and your
strength.
A WEAK BACK I^ l^
' mistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your
back ache? Do you have sediment or brick
dust deposit in the urine? . Do you urinate fre-
i quently? Have you weakness of the sexual
! organs, partial or ' total impotency? If you
j have any of these symptoms you have dis-
eased kidneys. To neglect these troubles
means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and
a premature grave. Dr. . Sweany invariably
cures these diseases.
lfJlDtnnpri C Hydrocele and all blad-
VMffluUuCLki der difficulties treated
with unfailing success.
DIIIITIIDC New method, sure cure, pain-
IIU " I UflCi less treatment, no detention
from work, no experiment. A positive, cer-
ta in and permanent cure.
PRIVATE DISEASES. SETS*
I stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of the
I age, positively and forever cured.
LAnihS will receive special and careful
treatment for ail their many ailments.
WHITE, if away from the city. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on . all organs
and their diseases, free on application.
Call or address
F. L SWEANY, M. D.
J 737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
I Signature Is printed In # r ,'A
\ BLUE diagonally +$*
\ across the ' >^ it jjv '
OUTSIDE M J^l\^>
wrappw/ /JOT/
I/J / of ever*
\X / bottle of
I ,». / the Original
\n * As" / and Genuine)
I I ySi^r f v Worcester.shire
SAUCE
Am a further protection against
all imitations*
I; Agent* for the United State*, >
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.
EIiECTRIO JEt^SJ-iT&
■ \ i -»£rr \\'lt' -'Are 0011 things If prop.
•f^'friSiitAal'l'-^-v^i etly .made: but.thers 11
/*JvV^m'V'3^*^S t >^ no st '»soln paying ahl^
•^^^pVcsb^<^C\Wk price for a poor arrlclj
l^^v - J " f _^ J V r y~-^K^B simply bec:ius-J IOQIJ a !-
wT^fr^ta^if^--— ''H^m vertislng "quack" a*-
J&&V?lft : nxs y?<<L^ mands H. i-uy no Bel;
ill! yon see vr. Vierce's.
' w-fttt .-JAvo^AY^ «S" Boole Free. Call or
<•-. <©£■■-. address DX. PIK..CK
<iiT)f . & SOS, 704 SAcratueu;*
• : - : -..,w at., cor . Kearny, & If.
Branca Offlo* 640 Market st., S. F.
56
Wftt t (Tali
MONDAY DECEMBER 21. 1896
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Frees
r»Uy and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier. .fO.IB
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam,, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Calx* three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
WKUU.Y Call, on» year, by mall ........... 1.30
BUSINESS OFFICE:
71« Market Street,
Can Francisco, California.
Telephone Slain— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
f 27 Montgomery kireet, corner Clay; open until
I :f r o'clock.
fF9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
T , JS larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
kV> .corner Sixteenth aud iliaslou streets; open
util 9 o'clock.
ifclb illusion street; open until 9 o'cloci.
Ib 7 iMlilXi street; open until 9 o'clock.
i JiUXKft euetst, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
fco« Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Scorns SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New Yorit City-
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS for ALL.
Pick your presents promptly.
Rush the Christmas shopping.
There is always some fun in a crush.
Keep your eyes open for Californu
novelties.
The Senate will to-day recognize Cuba
enough to talk about her at any rate.
The Senators would just as soon have a
war with Spain as not. They are too old
to fight.
Make your purchases during the day if
you can and leave the evenings for those
who caD't.
Do your shopping pronmtly and make
way forothers. That is the politeness of
the season.
The Christmas Call will appear on
Christmas day, but this is the day to leave
orders for it.
To-day the hearings begin as to the
relative merits of the San Pedro enter
prise and the Santa Monica job.
Don't postpone your holiday purchas
ing until Christmas eve. You will need
tbat day for rest and recreation.
There is one thing commendable about
the attitude assumed by Senator Hill. It
is clearly that of a man who doesn't in
tend to stand in anbody's way.
The universality of the popular demand
that our Government recognize the inde-
pendence of Cuba seems a clear proof that
the people have already recognized it.
A number of Eastern papers have been
accused of nominating their pet enemies
for Cabinet positions just for the purpose
of seeing other papars jump on them and
macerate them.
If the Central Pacific Company had
ever intended to pay it 1 ? dues to the Gov
ernment it would have arranged to do so
before this. Tbe funding scheme is a
fraudulent fake.
The battle is over nnd the noise of the
combat has been lost in the hum of reviv
ing industry, but lo! Boise of lowa has
arisen with a warwboop for fiat money.
Shall we never have peace?
There is no land in the world where the
joy of the Christmas season will be so
universally diffused among the people as
in California, but for all that there will be
a need of charity here as well as elsewhere.
It required five and a half months to
pass the McKinley tariff and upward of
eight months to pass the Wilson tariff, so
the extra session will have a chance to
make a record on speedy work in tariff
making.
The decision of Congress to take up the
funding bill tbe first thing after the holi
days means, of course, that there will be
no holidays for the monopoly workers. If
they know how to make hay at all they
will make it now.
If tbe advocates of good roads are any
where near correct in estimating that the
people of the united States lose over $200,
-000,000 a year on bad roads It would pay
to go over the highways carefully just to
pick up the money.
As if there were not problems enough in
life to make it perplexing to the verge of
confusion, tbe Chicago Record has sprung
a new one by asking, "Why is it that nine
tenths of women in public life are more
than thirty-six inches around the waist"?
According to the report of the New York
Board of Health there were 1125 deaths
from sunstroke in that State during the
month of August, and it appears, there
fore, that the summer season in the East
sets in with even more severity than the
blizzard period.
The vehemence with which the gold
standard papers in the East are denounc
ing the Republican Senators for appoint
ing a committee to devise legislation
to promote bimetallism shows that they
understand the movement is in earnest
and means success. There is no doubt
anywhere that the Republican party will
keep its pledge.
President Harper of Chicago University
innocently said in public the otber day
that the experiment of leaving it optional
with students to attend religious service
had not been successful in that institution,
and now nearly all the wise men in the
country are informing him the failure was
due to the fact that the experiment was
tried in Chicago.
Captain-General Weyler, Governor and
Commander-in-Chief of Cuba, is not hav
ing a pleasant life by any means. la ad
dition to the anxieties of* bis office he has
tbe further grief of knowing that his wife
is lying dangerously ill at Barcelona and
his eldest son is in the last stages of con
sumption. He has every reason in the
world for desiring to bo home, and no
doubt the desire is with him continually.
Many people in the East who have be
lieved that Japanese competition is a hum
bug have been led to take a sober second
\ thought of tbe subject by the failure of a
large manufacturing company of Milford,
Coon., whose trade has been destroyed by
cheap Japanese straw mattings. To make
tbe matters worse tbe company is consid
ering the advisability of sending their
plant to Japan and carrying on the busi
ness in that country.
CHRISTMAS TRADING.
From now until Thursday we shall have
in our stores and shops the crush of the
Christmas trade. Almost every place in
which articles suitable for holiday gifts
are sold will be thronged with people from
early in the forenoon until as late at night
as the shops are open. It is therefore im
portant that all should be reminded to do
their shopping as speedily as possible, so
as to avoid putting others to inconven
ience, discomfort and loss.
All who can find the time should do
their trading during the day, so as to
leave the stores in the evening free for
those who are engaged in work all day
and have no time to make their Christ
mas purchases until working hours are
over. If those who have leisure in the
day time will observe this rule, they will
show a genuine Christmas thoughtfulness
toward their less fortunate neighbors.
They will give the working men and
women of the City a fair chance to do
their shopping with comfort, and thus
enable them to fina more pleasure in it
than would be the case if the stores were
overcrowded.
We have so frequently during the past
month urged our people to purchase Cali
fornia novelties and dainties for Christmas
gifts that it will seem to many like a
wearisome insistence if we repeat it
again. Nevertheless, this is counsel of a
nature which can never be reiterated too
often. IS we are to make California a
manufacturing State, we must patronize
the products of its factories. It is Irom
small beginnings that great things grow.
Almost all the vast manufactories of the
United States were begun on a small
scale, and at first involved very little more
than hand labor. W r e have a number of
these small factories among us now, and
if we give them proper support tnere can
be no question they will grow into great
establishments, whose products will find
favor, markets and profits in all parts of
the world.
If you do not know what articles you
wisa to buy for Christmas, or, if knowing
the article, you do not know where to ob
tain it, read our advertising columns.
The Call is recognized by our merchants
to be the newspaper of the homes of San
Francisco, and they advertise in it all ar
ticles needed for the home. By a little
study of these advertisements you will be
able to find what you wish and know ex
actly where to get it. This will enable
you to do your shopping with compara
tive ease and freedom. You will be saved
from t-he weariness and the trouble of the
crush and the crowds that throng the
stores from now until Christmas day, and
yet will make as good bargains as any
who spend whole days in the work ol
shopping.
These tlien are the rules to follow: Do
your trading early; purchase Calitornian
goods where suitable to your needs, and
read The Call advertisements in order
that you may know where to obtain any
thing you wish in tbe best quality and at
the lowest price. Follow tiie«-e and you
will not only fiud Christmas shopuing a
pleasure to j'ourself but you will help to
make it pleasant to others.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE
That questions of interstate commerce
will occupy a large part of the attention
of Congress this winter is made evident
by the importance given them in the
messages of President Cleveland and
Attorney-G3neral Harmon and by the
proceedings of the Senate committee
wn cii is intrusted with the subject. The
workings of tbe Interstate Commerce
Commis>ion under the present law is
certainly unsatisfactory, and it devolves
upon Congress to determine what is
needed to remedy the eviL
A report of the commission itself points
out to Congress that the general discon
tent with present transportation con
ditions is shown by petitions from many
sections of the country for the enforce
ment of the statutes. The repoit con
firms the opinion of the Attorney-General
that the law is defective, and recommends
amending it so as to give greater force and
finality to the findings and decisions of
the commission in cases that come be
fore it
There are some, however, who believe
the failure of the law is due to a Inck of
energy on the part of the Government.
At a session of tfoe Senate committee on
Thursday Senator Chandler is reported
to have insisted that the Department of
Justice has not pressed tbe law with suf
ficient vigor. Mr. Chandler stated the
Attorney-General himself haa said the
pooling agreement of certain roads was
legal, and, when some doubt was ez
pressed by other Senators, Mr. Chandler
produced a letter in which the Attorney-
General gave an opinion that in an im
portant case he had no doubt the pooling
agreement was drawn wit .in the points
covered by Judge Symington in the trans-
Missouri case.
A curious obstacle in tho wav of
enforcing the anti-trust and anti-pooling
laws was stated by Mr. McFarlane,
Assistant District Attorney of New York,
who told the Senate committee that
considerable difficulty was encountered in
findin: Judges who were not disqualified
from trying such cases by reason of
holding stock in some of the various
companies who were parties to tbe suits.
It is reported that this statement "seemed
to surprise the committee," and that a
discussion followed as ta whether the
Supreme Court Judee3 themselves were
not disqualified to try tbe case in question
when it came before them.
Taken altogether the whole interstate
commerce regulation and the anti-trust
laws seem to be in a condition of "con
fusion worse confounded." It is not clear
whether the blame for failure in the en
forcement of the acts to prevent trusts
and pools is due to the Attorney-General,
to Congress, to the courts, to the Inter
state Commerce Commission or to the
law. The only thing certain is that
something is wrong, and that being so it
devolves upon Congress to find out the
cause of the evil and apply the remedy as
promptly as possible.
PROGRESS IN IRELAND.
The Irish Land Commission, which was
broueht into bein- by the Gladstone act
of 1881 for the purpose of deciding what
was equitab'e between tenant and land
lord, has by later enactment been endowed
with powers to loan money to tenants
to the end that they might become own
ers of small land holdings. The report
of the commissioners for the last fiscal
year shows there were 1502 applications
for advances for this purpose aggregating
$2,501,375, of which 1461, amounting to
$2,271,280, were granted. The whole
amount of cash loans maae by the com
mission since its creation has been $51,
-065,000. The total amount repaid by the
purchasing tenants up to this time is
$2,945,000, and they have paid $8,897,400
interest.
This reveals the rate at which former
tenants are becoming proprietors. The
figures of the report become remarkable
when they tell of the small proportion of
borrowers who have failed to pay up their
obligations. Last fall when the install- j
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MOiN'DAY, DECEMBER 21, 189 G.
ments were due from 5202 purchasers,
only 61 failed to come up with the money.
The friends of Government aid to land
purchasers find in this a justification for
past advocacy, and are encouraged to fur
ther efforts for the extension of facilities
for the toilers to become owners of the
land they till. It is estimated that under
tbe operation of the new land act prob
ably five times as much money can be ad
vanced to borrowers, and there is little
doubt there will be plenty of industrious,
capaD'.e and ambitious tenants who will
seize the opportuniiy to possess homes.
The other work of the Land Commis
sion in the fixation of what is rightful
rent has been very important also. They
passed judgment on $31,500,000 cf rents
charged, and reduced them a little over
20 per cent, thus saving to the tenants
$6,500,000. The reductions make it clear
that tbe Irish have been oppressed by
their landlords, and that the Irish Land
League had good reason for its birth in
the great neea of reform.
There is also encouragement in the
prospect of the appointment of a Minister
of Agriculture and Industry for Ireland,
who will have power to draw funds from
the imperial exchequer for the develop
ment of the resources of the island. A
non-partisan committee appointed by|Par
liament has been investigating the agri
cultural and industrial conditions of the
country, and a movement is on foot to
have such an office created to carry out
the suggestions of the committee.
By careful estimates the investigating
committee nas reached the conclusion
that the Irish crops and livestock might
be doubled in value by improved methods
of farming. As an example of the ways
in which the new office would work for
improvement, the practice of Belgium and
Holland is recommended, where they
have trained instructors to enlighten the
farmers as to the best means of conduct
ing their industries. The farmers on the
Continent produce crops of potatoes seven
fold as great per acre as those of the
Irish. It is believed that with proper at
tention the small Jarrners of Ireland can
secure for themselves a good portion of
the one hundred millions per annum
which England sends to the Continent for
the products of dairy and poultry yards.
A GIFT TO LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles is not only plucky but
lucky. Her citizens are not only enter
prising but generous. Her people not
only do much for themselves but lor one
another. She not oniy advances her wel
fare with diligence and public spirit, but
she is the recipient of favors which ad
vance it still further.
Her latest good fortune 13 the gift of
3000 acres of land in one body lying a little
more than a mile from the city line, in
cluding in its scope what is described as
"a beautiful combination of bills and
lovely dale? with magnificent prospects
and poetic retreats." The description
does not seem to be exaggerated, for the
land lies portly on the frostless foothills
bordering the Cahuenga Valley and partly
in tbe level stretches of the Los Angelej
river bottom.
The gift will be the more gratefully re
ceived by the people of Los Angeles on
account of the gracious and graceful way
in which it was made. Tne donor. Mr. G.
J. Gr:nith, says in h:s offer of the gift :
in the course of twenty-three years' active
business life in California I have become
proudly attached to our beautiful city of Los
Angeles, wbich, through itj great nature! ad
vantages and itd matchless climate, hveracing
300 sunny days in the year, is destined to soon
become a great metropolis. The arduous work
ot these years has been rewarded with fair
success, and, recognizing the duty which one
who has acquired some little wealth owes to
the community in which he has prospered, and
desiring to aid the advancement and happi
ness of the city that has been lor so long aud
always will be my home. I am impelled to
make an offer, the acceptance of which by
yourselves, acting for the people, I believe
will be a source of enjoyment and pride to my
fellows and add a charm to our beloved city.
It will be seen these words carry to Los
Angeles a compliment ns well as a gift.
Tuey will reca 1 to tier people the con
sciousness of their possession of an
elysian climate, a public spirit of great
civic patriotism and a determination to
make their city a metropolis for busiues
and a paradise for pleasure-seekers. For
a gift so charmingly given there can
hardly fail to be the most profuse and
sincere thankfulness. Los Angeies has
now a park of which she cau ba proud,
and, moreover, another reason for boast
ing of the merits of her citizens as well as
of the delights of her soil, scenery and
sunshine.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
H. M. S. Virago, torpedo-boat destroyer of
370 tons, made a successful trial in November
last, making a mean speed during three hours
of 30.05 knots and developing G425 horse
power, or 425 in excess of the contract, she
was built and engined by Laird Brothers, Bir
kenhead.
The two Japanese cruisers to be built by
Cramps and the Union Iron Works are, ac
cording to the London Times, to be of 4760
tons displdcemen , 405 feet 2 inches length
over all, 396 leet lensrih on water line, 49 feet
beam and 17 feet 7 inches mean draught.
Their armament will consist of two 8-inch
rifles, ten 4.7-inch rapid firers, twelve 12
-pounders, two 6 and two 2^-pounders, and
they will have five torpedo tubes. The ma
chinery will be two triple expansion engines
of 15,500 horsepower, four doub!e-?nded and
four single-end boilers carrying 165 pounds of
steam. The stipulated speed is 22% knots, and
the vesbeis are to be completed in two years.
The question of increasing the personnel of
the British navy is engrossing the attention of
the Admiralty, and, of course, Lord Brassey.
The latter recommends an old plan of his
father set forth years ago in British Seamen.
Under it long service in the navy will be
maintained and a strong naval reserve wouid
be formed in this manner: "Ship-owners are
to be encouraged to enter boys, under engage
ment, at the end of their four years' appren
ticeship, to do a year's training in the navy ; a
subsidy of $100 to be paid to the ship-owner
and $75 to the boy, or $50 to the ship-owner
and a like amount to the boy, who would re
turn to the mercantile marine as an A. B. and
be kept efficient as a naval reserveman by one
month's annual drill."
The recent trial of the British cruiser Power
ful was a decided success in all respects. At
the four hours' forced-draught triai she devel
oped 25,886 horsepower and a speed of 21.8
knots. The intended speed was 22 knots, but
»s the force of wind was 6 (equal to a pretty
stiff gale) the officials were confident that the
ship under more favorable coudiiions was able
to make 22}$ knots. The boilers, which are of
the Belleville type, worked without a hitch
and carried 257 pounds of steam. As soon as
the forced trial had terminated the ship began
her four hours' trial under natural draught,
during which 22,000 horsepower were easily
maintained. The evolutions were equally sat
isfactory, the engines requiring only eleven to
fifteen seconds in changing from tull-speed ac
tion to full-speed ahead and thirty seconds
from full ahead to stop. Further exhaustive
trials will be carried on with the ship.
A KICK AT FOOTBALL
Savannah Press.
The gentleman from Carroll who has intro
duced into the ; Legislature a : bi!l to prohibit
football is on the right -; track. ; "What ;in the
name of common-sense is the use of educating
boys: if they are to be killed or maimed for
life before they have won iheir sheepskins in
college? : ; . - ■ ... v .-;, -■,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
D. Shaw, who is known in the leading min
ing camps from Leadville to the Pacific
Ocean, is at the Lick. Mr. Shaw, after being
some time in the great Carbonate camp of
Colorado, went to Butte, Mont., and two years
ago he went to Rossland, B. C. , where, as for
merly, he engaged in the hotel business.
He owns the Shaw Hotel and the Butte Ho
tel in that camp, and frankly admits that he is
making a lot of money.
"But I've been in n cold country now a good
many years," said Mr. Shaw, "and I want to
get out somewhere where it's warmer. So I'm
going down in a few days, to Guatemala to
have a little look around there. My hotels
are going on just the same. There's lots of
D. SHAW, Famous as a Hotel-Keeper in Many Mining Camps.
[•Sketched from iife by a "Call" artist.]
people in our family to run them. One of the
reasons why I wanted to pet down here is be
cause I wanted to see the old ting on^e more.
••But that's a good district. You know, the
experts who went in there five or six years
ago all turned it down. But the people there
went right along developing it till they've got
plenty of ore.
"It's a big proposition, but it's low grade,
and as you go down it gets better. It shows,
besides the gold, 5 to 8 per cent of copper, and
you know that's always good.
"No, it's not very coid there, nothine like so
cold as Butte. Last winter tnere was only one
time when the thermometer went below zero.
That time it was six beiow.
"Jim Wardner, the famous miner aud town.
buiuier, walked into my place up there this
summer, and as he held the pen in this hand
ready to register, I snid: 'We!!, I am glad to
see you, Jim.' He didn't recognize me, and I
add.d that the last time 1 saw him was twenty
six years ago in Cottonwood, when he was
booming >ome propositions there. It was a
regular reunion we had.
"Wardntr has just soil the Colona mine to
Montreal parties and made a stake again. He
is between Montreal and Bossland now.
Wardner has an enormous number of friet.ds
all over the West, and it is no trouble for him
to get hold oi a pretty fair mine. Everybody
is glad he has caught on attain."
MY FRIEND— THE PROSPECTOR
If I were to write for the papers to print
What uTf I Indite, i ovine
That my critics would say it was written that way
I- or so many Uol ars a line.
An<l so. with the view hat I'm writing to you,
Where no critic's lances are tiurlt-d,
I'll touch the taul srmg ot my lyre and sing
Of the brst-hearied man in the world.
Hark back to the prospect In Poverty Guloh,
Before you found din that wou d pay,
When the hope In your breast, like the gold in the
west,
Burned brightest at close of tbe day.
If I were but rich, or if you were siill poor,
And we sat where your cabin smoke curled.
'I ben in unstinted lays I c tiid pour out the praise
Of the besl-bearted man in the world.
— C'y Wariuan, in New York Sun.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Pyburn of Salinas is at the Baldwin.
W. 8. Montgomery, U. S. N., is at the Palace.
M. Stenge, a merchant of Dixon, is at the
Lick.
P. C. Drescher, a Sacramento grocer, is at the
California.
Rev. George Chase of Chicago is visiting at
the Palace,
J. G. Cidro, a mining man from Jamestown,
is at the Russ.
Sam V. Rucker. a San Jose merchant, is a
guest at the Palace.
H. M. Albery. an attorney of Colusa, is a late
arrival at the Grand.
State Senator R. H. Flint of San Juan is reg
istered at the Palace.
R. J. R. Aden, the Vallejo merchant, is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Arpad Vollner, a miner of Triunfo, Mexico,
is a guest at the Russ.
James E. Dye, a mining man of Jackson, is
on a vMI at tbe Grand.
J. M. Baker, a mining man of Copperopolis,
is on a visit at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Thompson of Fort Bragg
are at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
F. M. Brown is down from Vallejo and stay
ing at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Professor H. C. Nash, librarian of Stanford
University, is at the California.
J. Ross Trayner, an orchardist of Marysyllle,
arrived at the Grand last night.
Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento is among
yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
W. W. Chapin, a merchant of Sacramento,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
H. W. Crabb, an orchardist of Oakville, is
making a short visit at the Grand.
J. W. Roper, an insurance agent and wheat
broker of Cfcico, is a guest at the Grand.
A. C. Risendale, a merchant of Pacific
Grove, registered yesterday at the Grand.
Thomas Couch.who is extensively Interested
in Montana mines, is a guest at the Palace.
K. Caspar, who is building the electric-light
plant at Vallejo, is at the Lick with his wife.
Lewis A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara, is at the Grand, registered from San
Jose.
County Clerk G. M. Foote of San Benlto
County is at the Grand, registered from Hoi
lister.
C. M. Collier, a silk importer of Kobe, Japan,
arrived at the Palace yesterday, westward
bound.
I. a Bostwick, the Stockton grain-dealer and
capitalist, has b.^eu confined to his home in
the Mill City for tbe past week with a threat
ened attack of pneumonia.
Douglas S. Cone, a capitalist and rancher of
Red Bluff', is among the recent arrivals at the
Palace.
Supervisor E. McGettigan of Solano County
is in town from Vallejo ana has headquarters at
the Kuss.
Colonel H. Trevelyan, a wine merchant and
vineyardlst of Fresno, registered at ihe Palace
yesterday.
K. Praz of the Apoliinaris firm of Charles
Gray & Co. of New York, arrived at the Paluce
last night.
Mrs. D. F. Verdenal of New York, wife of the
newspaper correspondent whose gossipy notes
on San Franciscans in Gotham are familiar
here, arrived yesterday at the Occidental from
the East.
Dr. H. C. Myers, assistant professor of chem
istry at Stanford University, is a guest at the
California.
G. W. Mann, the well-known mining expert
of Duluth, Minn., is registered at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
J. B. Sanford, the Mendocino County As
semblyman, is down from Ukiah and is stay
ing at tho Rus3.
Tod Sloan, the well-known jockey, arrived
at the Baldwin yesterday afternoon from San
Antonio, Texas.
Isidor Alexander, a San Francisco news
paper correspondent at Sacramento, arrived
at the Lick last night.
K. 11. Winchester of Portsmouth, N. H., ar
rived from the East last night and registered
at the Occidental with his wife.
Mrs. I. D. McLennan, son and two daughters,
of New York Ci:y, are among the latest ar
r.vals at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Henry H. Ward of Rochester, K. V., a natur
alist completing a tour of the world, is among
the receut arrivals at the California.
J. J. O'Neill, one of the firm of paper manu
facturers with mills in Lebanon, Or. , and at
Sequel, Santa Cruz County, arrived at the
Grand yesterday from Lebanon, Or.
Miss Blanche Davis, Miss Lolo Davis and their
brother, George Davis, arrived at the occid2n
tal yesterday irom a visit to New York. They
are on their way home to Carson City, Nev.
G. B. Griffith of Los Angeles, who recently
gave 1800 acres on the outskirts of Los An
geles for a city park, reputed the largest in
the world, is at the Baldwin with his family.
Major C. K. Warden of the Klamath Indian
Reservation, loft for the East last night, and
Captain J. D. Applegate returned to the reser
vation, after completing a visit here at the
Grand.
C. O. Burton, prand secretary of the Ameri
can Legion of Honor, returned from the East
last Saturday evening, where he has been on
business of the order. On his way back he
made a call on President-elect William Mc-
Kinley.
Commodore Harry Gillig of the Larchmont
Yacht Club, Will Barton, composer of popular
songs, and Frank L. Unger, arrived yesterday
from New York. They came across the conti
nent to attend the Christmas high jinks of the
Bohemian Club.
Mrs. William Fahey, wife of William Fahey,
proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, accom
panied by her son. John Fahey, lelt the City
yesterday lor Souora, Tuoluinne County, to at
tend the funeral of her sister, Miss :.fary
Fahey, whose demise, so rapid oa the death of
her lather (who died on the 3d of last Novem
ber), has made her loss felt tho more acutely.
Hosts of friends have called to tender their
sympathy on her deep DereavemonL
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Tom— l don't know whether she Mnßi or not.
Jack— She doesn't. I heard hor.-Snuro
Moments.
Hoax— What 1 You buying a bicycler I
thought you detested them.
Joax— So I do, but I've b«on run over long
enough. Now I'm going to have »ny rovetige,
—Spare Moments.
Old-fashioned Mother— l don't know wh*i
you girls see in theao rougli-looklnt: IftOttal)
players to worship.
The Girls— O moiherl Ju«t *<>• h« w i>p»,,|i
f ully br utal they lookl — I'uck.
"Did you read that touching alory ot v.«
little boy who saved liU mother from * t . i .-,..%
thirsty lion?"
"No. How did It happpnT"
"Why tho lion ate the llttln bnjr,"^Chl«H»»rt
Record.
. Miss Kecdllck— Kthol oau't be »f«pr ...,., IDt .
Bhe has broken her engagement with ttmt
wealthy plumber.
f Miss Fosdicic— Don't he too Hurt*, She ni<».i
him for a man who owns »' bio/ cte>r«ltnlfl t%»f
shop.— Moments, : '
Miss Parvenue (visiting In n,.»i....i w.w.
long to a very honorable f umlly,
Miss BeacouUtQolndQedY
Miss Parvenue - V,.», „„,,* built an »n«
central mansion last'.eumiaef :nt* ■' i'ost of
8250,000.— Clcvolnhd Leaaefi
Pa— Well, Johnny, how dd m.. Him .ohoolt
Johnny— thß*ohodt'i tall 0. v . but th«
teacher doesn't know i....i.in
"Doesn't know auyihibgf Why <1n o»r
that' 1 :;: , : .. :•- - : ' , . ■.-•.- . - -,--,,:
"•Causosho'i always asking Us •jtiettlitßl,"—
Scottish-American,- r ' v v
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take laxative nrpinni^H.Hi.o tablet*!. *u.»,>, g .
gist* refund Un> uiouey H iti.n»i..M,,u ;.,,.
TO OPES UP THE
MOTHER LODE
A Great Enterprise for
Amador, Calaveras and
Tuolumne.
Project on Foct to Operate an
Electric Road in These
Counties.
It Will B3 a Feeder for the Sierrt
Pacific to Be Built From
Stockton.
In connection with the Sierra Pacific
Railroad, whicb is to run out of Stockton
into the mining section about forty-five
miles eastward, another great enterprise
is projected, and one tbat will greatly
tend to revolutionize the present situ
ation along the mother lode of Cali
fornia, extending through the counties of
Amador, Calaveras and Tuolumne.
The great factor will be tbe immense
electric-power plant being pat up on the
Mokelumne River by an English syndi
cate represented by Prince PoniatowskL
This will have a capacity sufficient to fur
nish power for all the mines in that lo
cality nnd also for tha latest project con
templated—that is, an electric railway
about thirty miles long, to be operated
between Jackson, San Andreas, and along
the mother lode to the north and south
of these towns. The proposed electric
road will be tapped by the Sierra Pacific
Kailroad at a point somewhere between
Jack Eon and San Andreas.
J. W. Hartzell, who has been engaged
to secure a right of way for the electric
line, is now in Ban Francisco on a busi
ness visit. He is most enthusiastic on the
subject. His headquarters are at Jack
son.
"Water power,'' said Mr. Hartzell, "is
now mostly used by the mines, and the
great trouble is that this power has
always b^en controlled by the larger
mines, and the smaller mines and those
in which prospecting was to be done have
not been able to get sufficient power to
properly operate them. This electric
plant of the English syndicate will fur
nish all the power required. Among the
towns that will be greatly benefited by the
new order of things are Jackson, San An
dreas, Amador City, Sutter Creek and, in
fact, all the towus In that section.
"T. S. Buiock is authority for saying
that work will be commenced on the con
struction of the Sierra Pacific from Stock
ton as soon as the rights of way are se
cured from Stockton to the mother lode.
As soon as this work is begun the right of
way for an electric road will b* secured
along the mother lode. Mr. Bullock is
largeiy interesied in both projects.
"One great advantage of these projects
will be thai trains leaving the mother lode
at 1 p. M. will make connection at Stock
ton with the boat leaving there that after
noon for ban Francisco. The California
Navigation and Improvement Company
has agreed to put on a passenger boat to
make the trip between Stockton and San
Francisco in four hours.
• "The building of the electric road will
be very expensive owing to the uneven
character of the counuv it will pass
through. It will probably cost $10,000 a
mile, but it will undoubtedly prove a pay
ing investment as it will give that section
of country an almost direct outlet to tide
water and to San Francisco and make it
possible to handle all tbe products of that
region to much better advantage. It will
also, of course, greatiy stimulate develop
ment of all kinds in the counties through
which the mother lode extends."
PARAGRAPH ABOUT PEOPLE.
Dr. Daniel G. Brinton has proved that the
first battle on American soil in which horses
were used was that at Cintla, in Tobasco, Mex
ico, in March, 1519.
The pipe smoted by the new Shah of Peril*
on state occasions is set with diamonds, rubles
and emeralds of the costliest kind, and is
stated to be worth as much as $400,000.
OttoShobert, a German machinist who lives
in Brooklyn, is a claimant on behalf of tils
wife of a fortune left by the East Indian nabob
named Paul Hof man, who died without leav
ing a will. Mrs. Shobcri Ifl his niece. Ttxe tor*
tune Is said to bo #50.000.000.
There Is being exhibited just now at Brussels
a dinner servica in glass, mauutaQlurevt m the
Val St. Lambert works to th« onler ot LI Huns
Chang. It consists of S(>o i>i(>i'y», mu| for
an elaborate banquet of sixty (Mltt| toe miro
cry tnl bol«K Until with r«M oo)or>
President Harper «<( the* Unlv«r»lty a! Ch|.
cngo said th« other <luy mm uutr year* o( «v«
perlmenttntt with voluntary «!(«>ti>!»no«> of re.
llKUltlt StU\lll!» llH.l jnojutro.i him tO tUt I
Unit tl\n Mia'ois 01 (ho «<x|>citm<>i«t tinit not
been urcni.
(oiiioliu* Vf»u.i,M l-11l has always l>#»n th«
>;>•■< i viMiiig mail »i •Uo Vnndorbllt (amity. A
winy (ilixiuli not ■itMMtIMI uiiaritable) uUr
evmmi who mil'? Ml him at dinner remarked
afterward that t'oi iioluu "would undoubtedly
Im iho vmuimbiit uuuly'a roprosonintlvo in
Ui'itvou,"
Mil QtttfM Drt« Merrill, a native of Fly
m.Miii., Mb.i . i\ woaaa of literary ability and
kWrtttl nu.l < -.nior lit historical Heidi, died at
o\ttJ X ... n \ , u»i wook. Mrs. Merrill was a
«i»«i bi«"U utunildaughter of Ueneral John
i.i.mim ••( Mmhiehead, Mass., the head ot tht
Atniiihau nrtHlory service In the revolution
ftt] >M»>. __________
FOR THE DESERVING POOR.
I JMvoralfled Entertainment at X<*ti«o
. Huna'. Hull To-Night fur Chut II »,
A lively, diversified (tntortatiuuattt, out
bracing musical, theatrical, Ihiuwmo... «„,(
■ liMiuniic features, will be given At N*itv«
Holla* Hall on Mason « trout U»U evening
by: the Young Men'»; ■oolttj ,>r 8u r,,
rick's Church, assisted by the boat t«, 0 ,,(
of both saxes available in ttio ixttiah. The
proceeds resulting from a nominal , n«w
mission fee will bo ilivuUit equally bo.
twoon the two simply charitable •ootaties
of the J church, the Hi. Viuonnt d* Paul
Society and the , Bociety of Ladies of
Charity.
My these two societies tho money will be
ipont in supplying the worthy poor of the
purlin with 6uch necessaries as may be
in<>»t required. ■ Fuel, clothing and food
will bo supplied where proper committees
shall see fit, bat no money will be given
in any case.
Here is the long programme, suggestive
at least of full moneys worth :
Overture, Sacred Heart College Orchestra,
under the direction of Professor Schernstern;
introductory remarks, Eugene if. Lacy, presi
dent of the Young Men's Society; contralto
solo, "Thou Art My Life" (Macheroni), Mrs. L.
Steffani; I'elsarie system of dramatic expres
sion, Miss Ruby Stimpson; soprano solo, Mrs.
S. J. Tully; clarionet obligato, Muster Leonard
Tully (piano accompanist, Mrs. Waldo Rucker);
comic recitation, George v . Culvert; vocal
duet, "The Lovers' Quarrel," Herbert C. Wickes
and Miss Jeanette Coleman; comic songs, W.
J. Hynes; mandolin selections, the Misses
Clara Bader, Clotilde Devlin, Nettle Johnson,
Florence Maguire, Mami^ Grennan, Annie
Baser, Angela Devlin and Mabel Johnson ; vocal
solo, "For All Eternity" (Macheroni), Dr. T. A.
Rottanzi; monologue, Profrssor C. K. Newton;
soprano tolo — Adam's "Noel," by Miss Annie
Roney; tenor solo— Deuza's '-Star of >fv
Heart, by J. H. Desmond; selections — Sacred
Heart College Orchestra. An amusing one
act farce, "The Insurance Aeent," with tue
following cast of characters: Jerry Alahoney
alias Mr. X., the insurance agent, by J. c'
O'Donnell; Anthony Henn, a very determined
man, by William T. Flynn; Joshua Ticker a
telegraph operator, by William Wallace; Misa
Matilda, Mr. Henn's sister, by Miss Alice C
Minner; Jessie Henn, Mr. Henn's daughter
by Miss Nellie Maguire; Molly, the maid with'
the treacherous memory, by Miss Charlotte fi
Johnston.
KINDERGARTEN ANNIVERSARY.
That of Central AX. K. Church Joyously
Celebrated.
At Central Church Saturday afternoon
there was a time of joy and delight for the
members of the kindergarten school.
There was a loaded Christmas-tree, with
"joys" for all. Th<s principal. Miss Susie
Abbott, assisted by Miss S. Ward, Mrs.
Abbott and others, had arranged a de
lightful programme, and through the gen
erosity of the Kings' Daughters of tbe
church and Mrs. J. C. Jordan, W. Abbott
and C. B. Perkins each little tot was sup
plied, the girls with a doll, the boys with a
flute, and all with candies and books. It was
indeed a time of cheer and happiness, and
all— parents and children— went homo
happier, full of sunshine and good will
to all.
LADY'S SKIRT WITH CIRCULAR
FRONT AND CODET BACK.
For making skirt of plaids, checks and
stripes, the shape with a circular front and
godet back is preferred to all others, as it
saves the trouble of matching at the Beams,
for all the seams in this shape are hidden,
falling as they do in between the godet folds,
the front being in one piece. The seams join-
ing it to the back are also hidden in the folds.
Novel effects can be obtained b7 cutting
striped goods with stripes up and down in
front. This brings the stripes bias at the sides
The backs are then cut stripes straight up and
down the center of each godet, or with tne
stripes crosswise. A tall woman will find it
becoming to cut with the stripes going around
the tront.
Materials of checks, plaids or stripes made
after this model look well with waists of plain
material, with sleeves to match the skirt, the
waist made with blouse effect in front, and
full over a fi tted lining in the back.
A jacket waist of plain goods is also stylish,
wearing a blouse to match the skirt.
A Dlaid silk in light colors with black chiffon
bodice makes as handsome a gown as can be
desired.
This skirt pattern is appropriate for making
up any material, and may be worn with any
waist.
Large, handsome basket and lour pounds of
>ur lamous broken candy, 50c. Townsend'a. "
Tims to send your Eastern friends Cal. glace
fruits, 50c ib. ; handsome bkts. Townsend's. *
4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkts.,
50c Townsend's, Palace building. • '
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
The new peer, the Marquis of Granby, is one
of the handsomest men that ever sat in Par
liament.
Phillips' Koclt Island Excursion*
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande and Boct Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Koolc Island Railway, 80 Moo*
gomaxy street. Kan Franclaeo.
"Mrs. Winglow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. Jt soo. hes tbe child, softens the gams.
allays rain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether ant
ing irom tee. hiDg or otber causes, lor sale by drug
gists in every pan of the world. Be sure and sale
lor .Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottie.
t'OKOKArxv— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
■Dd mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon furtnrr north. Bournl-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel dal
Coronado. ?65: longer stay $2 SO per day. Appl/
4 Bn Mouigomerj- si., San Francisco.
ayfr'h Cherry Pectoral, if used according to
dlreo lons, is a speedy cure for colds. Ask your
druggist (or Ayer's Almanac.
Blynklns — A girl who can sing just as soon
as she gets up in the morning must have a
sweet disposition.
Wynkint— Not necessarily. She may have a
gnuUe against somebody in the neighbor
hood.—Baltimore News.
MEW TO-DAY.
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-
liver Oil prepared as a food*
;At the same time, it is a
blood maker, a nerve tonic
and an up-builder. But
principally it is a food for
tired and weak digestions;
for those who are not getting
the fat they should from
their ordinary food; for chil-
dren whom nothing seems
to nourish; tor all who are
fat-starved and thin.
It IS pleasant to take; at
test* it ts not unpleasant.
Children like it and ask for
more.
: v..,.. ,tf n s ii.<« ruve ■ "just as good " kind. !snt
«lw kind ill othtt* try to equal good enough for you t»
Badway's
Pills
Turoiv vi-ffotaWo. wl'il Hti<l rrllßbn. cure alldla-
or<Jof« if i'hc> ■ -i,< <l,«  i|v»r, liowrls. . -
Kill UMIUI, i;il.lOl NESS,
IM»IH>rioS, IVKI'ID 11VEB,
IMS ;\ t i < i i\«}S, DYSPEPSIA.
I"- .•»•, l».<\. fol>l by nUdruggista.JONDAY DECKMBKR 21, 1896
/ ' AMUSEMENTS.
rALDwiN 1 THKATKK.-The Brown
Columbia. Ikkatkr- The Railroad of Love."
s' orokco's Cpeba-Hoisk- • Si, -
Alcazar Thkatkb— • Cricket on the' Hearth."
HalkT 0 " OPKHA HocBlt "Jack and The Bean-
: I'KPHETTM-High-Ciass Vaade-sOlle.
R C r?pTn K £? rA Eddy «d Mason sts.-Prof.O.
R. Gleason, Monday, December 21.
w»irh» *-' Hc ™ AND Skattn-b RrxK.-DaUr at
Halght street, one block east of the Park. .
151180 BATHS-Bathlng and performances.
Oakland Rack TaACK.-Races to-day.
AUCTION iALbS.
'"■»^i2. # rH ~ Thll d * y> December 21,Furnit«re,
at 319-821 Suiter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
I «\ r ? A!!K W ->UTTKBriKt,D— This day, Decem-
ber2l. Agateware, 110 Fourth st., at 11 o'clock.
_ Ft ui.ijvan <feDoYLK— December 28
Horses and Buggies, etc., at 1618 Pacific avenue,'
at 11 o'clock.
r,o X- EASTON * * Ei.driikik.— December
' --, °v Paintings and fsuetches. in Maple Hall,
Pa.ace 1 otel, at 2:30 and 7 :75 P. M.
By Davis, Haber A Co.— Wednesday, Dec. 23,
Bicycles, at 211 Pine street, at 10 o'clock,
IyEaston <fc ti-DBiDOK.— Tuesday, December
2?, Real Estate, at salesrooms, 638 Market st.,
. at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Shell Mound rifle range was alive with
military bharpshooters yesterday.
A lar?e number of people witnessed the tug
of war in tlu: Sutro Baths yesterday.
H. A. Sully addressed a large gathering of
BCCaiiits at Pythian Castle last evening.
The weather c'.erk says fair Monday, but
With increasing cloudiness and fresh winds.
There will not be any unveiling ceremony
of the lirant monument in Golden Gate I'ark.
The everage number of visitors to the mu
seum in the park since the reopening has been
1200 daily.
/The California Markets defeated Company F.
M rst Infantry, at tbe Presidio yesterday by a
A>re of 6 to r>.
jflhe League of the Cross held a rally at St.
wter'a yesterday aiternoon and was addressed
by Joseph E. O'Donnel.
A meeting of the board of directors of the
r.-iioQ Lengue Ciub will beheld in the club
rooms to-day at 1 :30 r. m.
Miss Bradley's select kindergarten and pri
mary school will hold its Christmas exercises
at 528 Eddy street Tuesday nextx t at 10 a. m.
The annual election of the Academy of Sci
ences will tate plnce January 4, 189t, but so
far no opposition to the regular ticket has ap
peared.
Thomss P. Murphy, an old men living at
Twenty-first and .Douglass streets, was seri
ously wounded by a burglar early yesterday
morning.
The Danish Lutheran congregation will have
its Christmas day's service in the Swedish
Lutneran Church on Mission street near Nintn,
at 2 o'clock.
J. Anderson, a builder and contractor resid
ing at 328 Jersey street, claims to have dis
covered a rich ledge of gold in a public street
oi this City.
Simon Braver, a despondent "painter, made
an unsuccessful attempt to hang himself at
the old reservoir on Hermann aau Bucuanan
Btreets yesterday morning.
John Rlordan, the coast champion, and E.
Maloney de.eated T. T. Donnelly, amateur
cnampion, and X F. Bonnet at ihe San tiau
cisco hanubali court yesserday.
The Rev. C W. Henning spoke last night in
Washington Hall to an auiience that com
poses the nucleus of a social reform move
ment based on Christian teachings.
The marksmen of the National Guard are
making great preparations lor tne big mter
republic rifle match with the Hawaiiau Na
tional Guard taai lakes place on January 10.
Rabbi Ni< to was yesterday unaDimo-usly re
elected rabbi of hheriih Israel for three years
at an increased salary. Key. D. S.Davis, the
cautor, was also re-elected with the same con
ditions.
The annual festival and entertainment
given to the pupils ol the French aud English
ln>titute was held yesteiday afternoon at 620
Bush, street. The prizes wou by the pupils
.were distributed.
Captain Julius Miehaelis and Miss Martha
Waltzi-r were married last Saturday night,
la consequence the big gasoline schooner
Broad Guage was gayly decorated in honor of
the event yesterday.
i A bold and daring daylight robbery was
jA ominiuea in Chinatown yesterday aiternoon
jy three highbinders on the person of one of
• their countrymen. Two oi the gang were ar
.rested and fully identified.
N. Fredericks of the California Schuetzen
Club won the diamond medal for the seven
best centers of the year, at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. Several other clubs also held bulls
eye and monthly medal shoots.
William McDonald, colonel First Infantry,
N. G. C, expects teat his sharpshooters will
v. in in the internal ional contest, on January
10, with a team of the Hawaiian National
(juaid, but is not over-confident ot victory.
The Christmas exercises of the Chinese Pres
byterian church and schools will be held at
911 Stockton street, near Ciay, to-morrow
evening. A fine literary programme has b^-en
prepared, fcanta Caus will distribute pres
ents.
The Christmas festival of the Pilgrim Sun
day School will be held to-morrow in Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, from 5:30 p.m.
to nearly midnight. There will be a Santa
Claus, games for the children and dancing at
9:30 P. m.
The California Academy of Sciences will
give another of its popular and instructive
entertainments this evening. Haro.d W.
Fairbanks, Ph.D., will deliver a lecture enti
tled. "An Outline of the Geological History of
California."
Gus Eoster, a new man, who will oppose
Carter in a four-round boxing contest ai the
Olympic Club this evening, is a pupil of Julian
K. Brandon, the well-known heavy-weight,
who describes him as a ciever boxer and a
hard hitter.
It is proposed to build an electric road about
thirty miles long along the mother lode, which
extends through Amador, Calaveras and
Tuolumne counties. It will have an outlet
to tidewater at Stockton over the proposed
Sierra Pacific Kailroad.
The new troop of cavalry recently organized
in this City wiil make irnmedinte application
for admission to the National Guard. - In order
to admit another company the Legislature
must pass a law authorizing an increase or re
adjustment of the present force.
The tugs Reliance, Vigilant and Alert had a I
race from Fort Point to Folsom-street wharf
Yesterday. Formerly the Vigilant ai way* held
. the Reliance safe, but since the latter has been
fitted with a patent corrugated propeller she
has turned the tables on her rival.
The gasoline launch Amy is to be fitted with
a v Wittram propeller of bronze and the pitch
will be 36 inches. T&is will be a smaller wheel
than the one now in use, but nevertheless,
•*Hen" is ready to race the Athlete just rs soon
ai the new propeller is in position and ready
for work.
Along and lively programme of musical,
dramatic and humorous numbers will be pre
sented at Native Sons' Hall this evening by
the Young Men's Society of St. Patrick"!
Church, the proceeds of the entertainment to
be devoted solely to supplying the deserving
poor of the parish with the absolute necessaries
of life.
KEW TO-SAT.
BABIES WITH SKINS ON FIRE
/ 1 bnral °* eczemas and other
■ Ire bow these little onei » u ff(. r . T £ know that
«2Cmn«.Co*p..8ol e iw.12.toi. PotTI * b * DO
«-"flow to Cow Skin Tortured Btbiet," nulled *••.
EXCITING RACE
BETWEEN TUGS
A Victory for the Relianc3
After a Very Hard
Tussle.
The Crack Boat Vigilant Was
Eeaten by Just Seven
Seconds.
Captain Julias Michaelis of the Broid
Gau^e Was Married List
Saturday-
The tug Reliance showed her heels to
the fastest boat in the Spreckels fleet yes
terday, and Captain Gilbert. Brockaw is
jubilant, while Captain John Silovich of
tbe Vigilant, in his usunl straightforward
manner, at once owned up that he was
fairiy and squarely beaten. In the run
from Fort Point to l-'olsorn-street wharf
the Reliance beat the Vigilant by seven
seconds and the Alert by over a minute.
AH three tugs are owned by tbe Spreck
els Tow boat Company.
Early in the month the Reliance was
fitted with one of the W'ttram corrugated
propellers. After a test John D. Spreckels
was so pieasei with the results that he at
once ordered one for the big collier Czar
ina and Henry Peterson gave an order for
one for the Amy. Many and many a time
the Reliance has been beaten by the Vigi
lant, and yesterday was the first time the
tables were turned.
Yesterday morning the Reliance started
to sea with the barkentine Irmgard in
tow and the Vigilant with bark Annie
Johnson, and the Alert with the barken
tine Skagit went out about the same time.
A ter casting off their tows the three tugs
came through the heads together. When
off Fort Point the captain of the Alert
gave the signal and all three went full
speed ahead. Tbe Vigilant had the best
of the start by a second, but before Meiggs
•■rharf was reached the Reliance was on
even terms with her. Thence to
Folsom-street wharf the Reliance held the
Vigilant safe and won Handily by six sec
onds. The tables were turned with a ven
geance, but nevertheless Captain Silovich
was the first to go aboard the Reliance
and congratulate Captain Brockaw on the
re.-ult oi the race. While the twocaptains
were talking the Alert came along a min
ute behind time, fche was not disgraced
considering the size of the two boats she
W 18 racing against.
The speed shown by tbe Reliance is all
the more meritorious wben the fact that
her Wittram wheel is only 8 feet in diam
eter and the Vigilant's ordinary wheel
is ll>i feet in diameter is taken into con
bidera.ion.
Tbe gasoline launch Amy, owned by
Henry Peters m, will be fitted with a 36
-inch propel. er similar to tbat used in the
Relianre.
The Naval Reserve boys took an outing
on the bay yesterday. A couple of the
boats were out, but tbe one which was
manned by George Kearney, Geortre
Green, Jack Beattie, Pat Murray, F.
Murphy and Coxswain J. A. Healy made
th > best showing. Tlie boys had a moat
enjoyable outing, nnd in many a spurt
sh owe a that there are not better men to
man a boat in Sin Francisco than can be
fi-und in the Naval Reserve.
The gasoline schooner Broad Gauge was
gay wiih bunting yesterday in honor oi
the marriage o: Captain Julius Micbaelis
with MUs Manhu Waltzer. The brides
maids were Miss Annie Waltzer, Miss
Tilli* E.-p and Mis< Einboff, and Emile
Waltzer was best man. It was a merry
company that congratulated the happy
couple aitcr the ceremony. Among tho c
who were present were Miss Bertha Taber,
Miss Jennie Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Scbultz, Otto and Robert Waltzer, Miss
Frances Smith, A. Scliultz Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. Robinson, Hugh Conroy, Miss Maggie
Conroy. Captain E. Wilson of the army,
Mi6s Donoboe, Mi^s Ella Dempsv, Miss
Emily Maulther, Mr. and Mr<». J. Elasser,
Miss Lizzie Seimer, Fred Seimer, Mrs.
Koenig and Mr. and Mrs. Pomerau-. Day
was breaking when tne merry party dis
persed. Captain and Mrs. Michaelis re
ce.ved tbe final congratulations of their
many friends at 6:30 o'clock yesterday
morning.
T c sieam schooner Cleone got in last
night, but no report reached the Mer
chants' Exchange. Danny O' Conner went
out to intercept the vessel, but when the
written report attached to a piece of
lumber was thrown to him it miscarried
and went into the water. .Before O'Con
ner could reach it the wood, being heavy
with pitch, sank. In a vain attempt to
recover it Danny went overboard, but
managed to clamber back into bis boat
without any difficulty and rowed himself
back to Meiggs wharf.
Cotton for China and cotton for Japan
is crowding the steamers of the Pacific
Mail and Occidental and Oriental steam
ship companies. Factories have been
established near Kobe and Shanghai, and
the Orientals are taking our raw products
oijly to send them back as manufactured
good-*. Hundreds of tons of general mer
chaodite were left behind by tbe China,
and the Bel-ie, which sails in a few days,
cannot carry the stuff on account of her
engagements for raw cotton.
The Chinese merchants are rxasperated
because they cannot get their goods
shipped, and there is some talk of charter
ing a tramp steamer in order to send on
their consignments. It is about time
that tbe Pacific Mall put on an extra
boat.
A Great Production.
There couldn't be a lovelier souvenir
to hi iid to iriends abroad than tbe Christ
mas News Letter, out to-day. Eighty
eight paves; 15 cents. Be sure to take a
copy home.
Garden of Ed«n Mythical.
The Rev. vvilliam Kader spoke at the Third
Congregational Church yesterday evening
upon the "Garden of Eden and the Fall of
Man." He declared that common-sense
reasoning must be used in the pulpit in inter
preting such inspirations of the Bible as the
story of Adam and Eve aud the Garden of
Eden, for by enshrouding Biblical tales ia
superstition the present generation is turned
from relie;ous love to the" popular skepticism,
lor intellectual relief. He took Evangelist
Moody to task for venturing the assertion tnat
the Biblo stands or lalis simply upon man's
belief in the truth of the story of Jonah, as
serting that by doing so Moody unconsciously
dnves as many from the hibie as he draws to
it. Continuing the speaker said that Biblical
stories should not De taken too literally.
.Many of them should be interpreted in an
allegorical tense, the Garden of Eden and the
serpent standing rather for right and wrong
and the impulse or motive to sin.
Dr. Harris Will Be Present.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Union will be
addressed this morning by Professor George
H. Howison of the State University on "The
Relation of Philosophy to Ke.igiou." Dr.
Harris, United States Commissioner ot Educa
tion, will also be present and participate in the
discussion of the suject. The other minis
terial boiiies of the City have been invited to
be present and the most ol them have signified
their intention to do so. The union meets ai
10:30 o'clock in the Presbyterian Mission
Ihjum', 920 Sacramento Htreet, just below
Powell.
Remembee that at Will £. Fisher's
grand Christmas bicycle sale at 85 Main
street on Tuesday you can boy • wheel at
cost
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
During a Speed Trial From Fort Point to Folsom-Street Wharf the Rel:ancs Showed Her Heels to
the Vigilant and the Alert. The New Wittram Wheel Put in the Reliance Has Made Her
the Fastest Boat of Her Class in the Bay.
A FIELD DAY AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Several Important Compe
titions Were Decided
Yesterday.
The California Schuetzen Club's
Diamond Medal Is Won
by N. Fredericks.
Bulissye and Monthly Medal Shoots
Draw Crowds — Marksmen Also
S :cct for Turkeys.
Yesterday was a field day at the Schuet
zen Park ranges, and several important
events were decided among the various
organizations which tnere do congregate.
Admittedly the most exciting of such
contes-ts was the final bullseye shoot for
men oi tlie California Schuetzen Club,
which completed the series for the year,
and gave tbe much covetea diamond
medal to N. Fredericks. These shoots
have been held every third Sunday in tbe
month since January last, and under the
rules and regulations which govern the
award the result is based upon the seven
best centers of a possible twelve for tue
year. Every competitor is allowed twenty
shots during each monthly shoot, and of
these twenty the best center goes to his
credit and is measured to the thousandth
part ol an inch. N. Fredericks, the for
tunate, winner of the trophy, had an ag
gregate score of 3310 points for seven cen
ters measured, or an average of a fraction
over 472 points.
Albert Ehrenpfort, who won the medal
last year, was apparently out of the run
ning on this occasion, tbe champion's
keenest rivals being A. Strecker with
3346 points, O. Bremer with 3921 points
and H. Schrader with 4198. Fredericks is
a memuer of t-ome sour or five years'
standing, and, though in every respect a
fim-cla-s shot, has never before held the
diamond medal.
The highest averace for the year, which,
it will be understood, is estimated in in
verse proportion to the number of points,
does not always represent the best single
individual periormance. T:.e most sensa
tional center yesterday, for example, fell
to H. Kuhls, a cadet, who could not on
that account compete with members of
hi'ber grarte.
He scored what was virtually a dead
center, or only the sixty-sixth one tliou
sßndth part of an inch away t erefrom,
and will be awarded' a special prize. C.
Eging won the monthly bullseye shoot
with 89 points, and A. Breuss followed
with 145. The complete scores are ap
pended, the first seven being given in or
der of merit:
W. H. Kuhls 66. C. Eging 89, A. Breuss 145,
L. Reubold 152, A. M. Boyen 476, A. StrecKer
521, M. Reutold 522, J. btriuss 2202,
L. Ritzau 2425, J. Utschlg 910, <D. B.
Faktor 1524, A. Gehret 2112, X. Fred
ericks 751, L. Fetz 1763, P. Brunotte 996,
Charles i-afjeliorn 1274, F. Scheemnn 1260,
J. Dawson 1575, F. A. Kuhls 909, F. C. Mul
ler 820, J. Utochig 876, P. JiCoby 2674, A.
Jungblut 1969, F. P. Schuster 992, R. Finking
627, R. Langi-r 695, O. Burmeister 1181, W.
Ehreupfort 1534, H. Schriveder 1490, C. Eginu
89, Charles TnierDach 732, U C. Babin 618,
K. Ahie.ns 689, F. Attinger 1572, James Stan
ton 624, D. \V. McLaughiin 736, C. Nobmann
2132, J. F. Robinson 1559, J. Cullman (cadet)
854. W. Noldan 1089, A. Hampel 1852, O.
Bremer 840, H. Eckmann 2075, A. Utschig
998, L. Reubold 152.
The ladies' section of the California
Schuetzen Club was actively engaged dur
ing the latter half of the afternoon in de
ciding its monthly medal competition and
concurrently the annual championship.
Tne results, respectively, were asunder:
Monthly shoot— Champion ela-s, Mrs. J. Uts
chig, 115; first-ciass, Mrs. H. L. Wise, 114; sec
ond class, Mrs. Sirecker, 98.
For the year— Champion, Miss Lizzie Uts
chig; first-class, Mrs. H. L. Wise; second-class,
Mrs. Davidson.
The foregoing names serve to indicate
that skill with the rifle is not confined to
the male memb rs ol' the same family.
Adjoining tne ladies of the California
Scbuetzen Club the members of the Verein
Eintracht held a special buli«eye shoot,
which resulted as follows: First. F. A.
Kuhls; second, Joseph Rohrer; third, T.
Bmner; fourth, C. yon Hartwig; fifth, C.
tiumbei; sixth, C. F. Over; seventh, Louis
Schmidt.
The San Francisco Turner Schuetzen
also held its monthly medal shoot. The
distribution of medals for the year will
take place on the second Wednesday of
next month. Tbe scores yesterday were
as follows:
Championship class, J. Utschig, 410;
first class, L. Tbierbach, 377; second class,
not won; first best shot, K. Finking, 25;
last best shot, F. Attinger, 25.
During the intervals in the prize shoot
ing the club members present shot and
bowled for pias, turkeys and geese, of
which a large quantity were carried off
for Christmas consumption.
MILITARY MARKSMEN.
Great Preparations for the Inter-
Republic Match With the
Hawaiians.
The military marksmen of the National
Guard were out in large numbers at the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday, and
from early in the forenoon until dusk the
roar of musketry was echoed against the
Berkeley Lulls. Tbe occasion of all this
shooting was the big inter-republic ritie
match that is to take place on January 10
between teaics of 100 men from the First
Regiment National Guard of California
and the Hawaiian National Guard at
Honolulu. The match is for a trophy,
and each man is to fire ten shots at 200
yards.
From all tbat can be learned tbe Ha
waiian team is doing some excellent work
at practice, and the marksmen of the First
Regiment here are satisfied that they have
no soft snap; hence the active practice
yesterday. This will be kept up to the day
of the match.
Representatives of each team will be
present at the range of the rival, and the
scores, individuals and totals will be ex
changed by mail on the sailing of the first
steamers after the "vent.
Captain O. E. White of the Hawaiian
team was present on the range yesterday,
and he was introduced to the competitors
of his team by Captain J. E. Kline. Cap
tain White has been East, but be will
leave in time to participate in the event.
Wuile strolling about the shooting stand
he observed closely what the riflemen
were doing, but he made no companions
between the California and tbe island
riflemen. In speaking of the island marks
men Captain White stated tliat many of
the riflemen here believe that the Ha
waiian riflemen use Sharp and Winches
ter rifles.
Oniy a few <~10 so, but the guard proper
use Sr»rinptiel is in all matches and the
Lee magazine rifle. So in that respect the
men there have an advantage. The island
marksmen have recently made a new 200
-yard range near the seashore, so that the
eenerai conditions are similar to those of
the Shell Mound range.
In the practice shoot yesterday the
annexed scores were made:
Company B— L. Zimmerman 43, M. Baum
gartner 42, Captain G. Filmer 41, A. Hammer
son 40, R. A. Gibbs 36, Serseant B. Tavlor 42,
Corporal G. Clausseuius 42, Lieutenant A. F.
Ramm 36. A. Fttz 41, A. Gehret 41,
J. fetz 43, C. Perry 40, W. F. Taylor
32, A. H. Frecii 42, E. li. Peppin 41," V.
Demarius 40, W. H. Krug 40, E. C. Cordell
39, W. J. Haves 39, G. H. Sullivan 38, A. E.
Apthorpe4o, W. proll 39, Liiutenant Towns
tnd 37, J. Miller 32, R- Wear 37. E. L. Filmer
41, Miller 32, L'ng.rman 43, Siebersi 39, Chf
ioid 39. Sturdivant 40.
Company C—R. C. Dunbar 31, C Meyer 44,
H. T. Hicks 37, Sergeant F. K. Ross 36, North
rup3U. A. H. Kei.nety 41, Smithson 41, W.
Uufred 39, Goodull 35, Musr rave 40. Carson
36, Gillis 33, C. V. WaUhain 46, Dumbrel 39,
James 38, Puelos 35.
< ompany E— F. H. Fuller 31, Captain Fitz
pairick 32, J. C. Ralph 30. Lieutenant Ralph
32, Lieutenant Robinson 39.
Company F— Sergeant C D. Cook 40. John
FitzgeraM 42. Lieutenant Nipj>ert 39, McKutt
33, Pratt 34, iverson 3i>, Hoste:i 35.
Company G— Sirgeant W. L. Fenn 45, Ser
eeatu W. B. Larki'i 39, W. W. Thomp*on 41,
Sergeant F. J. i'ovey 44, J. F. Norton 41, Lit-u
-tenant W. N. Swasey 40, E. C. Thompson 40,
P. M Diers 40, Sergeant R. F. Dowdal! 40, R.
X Anderson 46, 6. w. Simoie 39, C. P. Hirst
42, A. Martin 32, Captain E. C. Sutllffe 42,
Huttieid 35, Conroy 35.
Company H — Georjje Laswel! 41, F. C. Muller
39, Ehrenpfon 41, Furnanz 42, ber^eant
O'Brien 41, V. F. Kelly 41, C. L. Aiwaier 37,
Captain W«rren 38, isuer 31, Mitchell 35,
Roach '_'•!.
Company I— M. J. Sheehan 43, 11. Lemeteyer
38, Captain Ricnter 43, J. Van Staden 4U, H.
Hail 41. J. Kailmau 39, H. C. Payson 43, L.
Ringen 41, J. C. Ringen 40, A. BlowtU 43, C.
G. Strii oel 41, Behlin* 39, Sergeant Huber 39,
Pvden 38, Mt-Partland 35, Powers 41, Mey-r
3d, Koch 45, Lieutenant Huber 40. Go.ly 42,
Martin 35. On ii 41, Lieutenant Tobin' 43, J.
D. McCarthy 37.
C< mpany X— D. F. de Bernardl 41, R. H.
Dewar 37, C. F. M;iguire 41, Lieutenant C. W.
S eiey 40, E. Schmmz 41, Corporal H. Meyer
41, E. K. Battcron 43, Koss 42. Lieutenant
Finley 36, Helms 40.
Company L — Grundeman 36, Isaacson 44,
Gomzhain 39, Captain Eggert 39, Foiey 35,
Lt'ffman 40, S attery 32.
Company M— Cobbey 44. Maher 34.
Field and staff— Major Sime 43. L eutenant
L. Barrere 39, Liouteuant Kehrlein 43.
Several of the companies also held their
regular monthly medal contests. Their
scores were as iollows :
Company B— A. Fetz 41. J. Fetz 45, C. Perry
42, J. R Wear JJ9, A. F. Ramm 3S. A. Gehret
41, V. Uem*rius 35, H. French 4'J, E. B. Pep
pm 41, W. H. Kintj 42, D S. Briggs 32, E. C.
Cordeil 39, W, P. Film-r 33, J. W. Miller 30,
\V. J. Hay. s 40, G. H. Sullivan 38, C. IA ndecker
40, A. E. Aptiiorpe 41, W. Proll 37, L. R.
Townsend 31, G. D. Bell 2, A. Fowler 33, L.
Z mmerman 36, F. Baurngartner 44, G. Kilmer
38, G. L. Kimball 30, E. H. Adams 32, R. A.
Gibbs 36, G. Claussenius 41. A. Hmmnerson
39, H.B.Taylor 43, If. H. Sieverat 42, A. H.
Clifford 39, G. Ungerman 4'J.
Company I— B awart 43, Behl!ng39. Sydon
38, S rgeant lluber 39. Cnro 36, Sheahan 43,
Kallman 39, Payson 43. Strippcl 41, McPart
land 35, J. Ringen 43. J. Powers 41, Captain
Rich'er43. Myer39, Hauser 27, Lemeteyer 13,
Son 32, McCarthy 35, Lieutenant HuDer4s,
C. O: ten 41, Gollv4i, Stozewald 23, Lieuten
ant Tobin 44, X. Martiu4o.
Four of the National Guard officers held
a private match tor a small consideration.
Captain O'Neil was allowed live points in
ten shots and be won on his uandican. The
scores were: Captain O'Neii 41+5—46,
Captain Richter 43, Major Sime 39 and
Captain Sutliffe 41.
Company F of the Fifth Regiment,
located in Oakland, held its regular
monthly medal contest and the following
scores were made:
A. J. Webb 42, H. Parsons 41, A. E. Har
bridge 41, R. H. S ocking 41, H. B. Stevenson
40, J. S. Carney 40, J. Magnnnis 40, I. J. Swan-
Kon 40, A. Sears 39, W. H. Cobbledick 38, H.
F. Rowland 38, G. H. Wethern (captain) 38,
E. O Williams 38, L. E. Wenk 37,1) C. Pres
ton 37, V. C. Peterson 36, G. W. Nickerson 36,
A. G. Mitchell 36, J. T. Browis 35, F. VV. Miller
35, R. Hanson 35, J. P. I.utjjen 34, A. J.
Harford 34, C. T. L. Cary 33, G. T. Crone 33,
George Hanson 32, H. P. Bray 32, George E.
Reed 32, W. G. L3ouard 81, R. 6. Mudge3l,
E. W. Davis 30, Len Moreno 30, M. H. Morse
29, L. E. Darling 29, C. Frazier 29, W. J.
Wilson 28, H. G. P. Whaite 28, F. W. Le Bal
listtr 28, C. P. Griffin 28, A. Hanson 26, F. C.
Schwartlng 26, F. Parsons 24, George Hanson
23, W. P. Griffin 22, F. Barker 18, J. McCrud
den 17. F. BoboltM 15, Joseph L. Clarke 8, U.
Frank Watlers7.
Fire ! Fire! Fire !
On account of the old I X L, Kearny street,
being damaged by fire on Saturday last, busi
ness will be transferred to the old I X L, 45 to
47 Sixth street, corner Mission, where we shall
be pleased to meet our North Beach and West
ern Addition customers, aud assure them that
we are fully able to meet their wants at our
Sixth-street store, as there we carry a large
stock of men's and boys' clothing, hats, fur
nishing, holiday goocis, etc., the prices of
which are as low, if not ower, ihan can be had
elsewhere. The Old IXL, LV. Merle, pro
prietor, corner Sixth and Mission sts. ♦
For Friends Abroad.
There is no more delightful souvenir to
send to friends abroad than the Christmas
News Letter, out to-day. Of all oews
oealers. Office 5% Kearny street. Eißhty
eight pages, 15 cents
A. O F. flection.
Coin Haves Valley has elected the following
officers: Joseph P Bt.eve-s, C. B. ; Julius Lovy,
B C. R. ; James W. Coleman, F S.: P. Geraghty,
R. J. Levy. T.: Tboroai Connihan, s. W. m.
O'Connell, J. W.; B. .Monks, S. B. ; John Best, J.
B.; W. 8. Petty, trustee; Di. A. i». Mulligau, P.,
aud K. F Moennlng, O.
TO CDhK A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take lay ative BromoQulnine Tablets. Alldrug
gists refund the money uit fails to cure. 200
ASPIRANTS FOR
ANOTHER STAR
Major- General Ruger Will
Go on the Retired List
Next April.
The Gallant Brigadiers Who
Are on the Line of
Promotion.
Army and Navy Fcotb:ll Team Prac
ti:ing— Lieutenant Carson's
Important Mission.
Major-General Ruger, TT. S. A., will re
tire April 12, 1897, and Mnjor McKinley
will, therefore, have the pleasure if pro
moting one of t^e brigadiers a grade
higher. Tbe senior brigadier-general is
John R. Brooke, who will retire in 1902.
He has a distinguished record for gahant
service in the field, having been breveted
for meritorious service atAntietam, Get
tysburg and Spottsylvania, and finally
promoted to be brigadier-general of volun
teers for gallant service throughout the
war.
An officer witb a record of equal dis
tinction, and one who was breveted for
bravery and merit on the field of Ciiicka
mauga, Cedar CreeK, Opegnon and Five
Forks, is Brigadier-General James W.
Forsyth. He was also promoted to be
brigadier-general of volunteers for gal
lant conduct throughout tbe war.
Tbe gossip goes that General Forsyth
may be promoted major-general on the
retirement of Genera! Rugsr. It is possi
ble that the President, wiio was himself a
gallant soidier, may consider the equities
of the case.
The promotion of General Brooke, who
does not retire until 1902, would preclude
General Forsytb from the possibility of
attaining the rank of major-eeneral.
Should General Forsyth, however, reieive
the appointment, be would serve until
August '26, 1898, the date of his retire
menu Then should the President be" so
minded General Brooke might be ap
pointed ruiij >r-general, to serve from 1898
until 1902. In this way two officers, who
attained high honors on the fiel-i oi battle
might receive a full measure of recogni
tion from their countrymen.
General Forsyth had the special honor
of serving as the ch:ef-of-staff to General
Sheridan, and his name is associated with
many of Sheridan's brilliant victories. It
is probable that tlie friends of Brigadier-
Generals Frank Wheatcn and E. C. Otis
will not be idle wnen tne time comes for
naming another major-general.
The point is raised that General Miles,
commanding the army, would not recom
mend the advancement of General For
syth, but men in tbe army who keep well
posted fancy that the commandingg en
eral would not cast bis influence lor or
against any officer.
It is an open secret tbat General Miles
himself expects Congress to extend to
him tbe honors accorded to bis predeces
sors at the head of tbe army, and there
fore be would not do anything so ill ad
vised as to excite tbe preju lice of General
Foray th's larg*»ci'rcleof influential friends.
The lact tbat Forsyth was Sheridan's ctiief
NEW TO-DAY-
For
Christmas
Get him a pair of BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT'S NOVA SCOTIA SEAL CORK
SOLE SHOES so he may keep his feet dry
and his health good. Comfortable,; long'-
wearing shoes, that are absolutely water-
proof. No more coughs, colds or rheum-
atism. -h : ; ■-::'".:•:-.■
Every Genuine Fair Stamped .
BUCKINGHAM & HAX'Uf.
RICES- With I Cork Soles.
Men's $5 00
Ladie5' .. . . ......... ....... ..... $4 3d
Without Cork Soles.
Ladie5'........... ................ $3 50
' 80y5'..*... 11 to 2, $2 50; 2% to 6. $300.
Misses' :....... 11 to 2, $175 and $2 50
Chi1dren'5. ........... -.6 to 7M. fl 2 i
"••-;■•". . ...8 to 10M. $1 50 aud *2 00
Kast's
738-740 Market St. v
Carry a ■ Fall ' I4ne of Buckingham &
. Hecht's Fine Shoes.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
of staff gives him a strong following
among those who were devoted admirers
of the great cavalry leader.
The Army and Navy football team,
which has been organized to play the
University Club team, began practicing
last Saturday. Tne game will take place
in Central Park January 9.
Among tha officers of tbe Third Artil
lery may be found some good players.
Lieutenant Ames of Battery A, who will
go to tbe center of the Army and Navy
team, is regarded as ono of the leading
players of the United States. The navy
can turn out several superior men. Lieu
tenant Is'oian of the First Infantry is an
other piayer of unquestioned merit. The
team will get down to bard practice work
this week.
The board of army officers appointed to
devise a programme for athletic contests
in which all tbe troops in the Department
of California may be represented held
several sessions in tbe army building last
week. Other sessions will be held this
week. The preparation of the plan in
volves considerable work, as all branches
of the service must be considered.
The programme of Lyceum instruction
at Fort Mason during the season bas
been approved by the department com
mander. It embraces many topics of
special interest relating to modern guns
and projectile?. Six subjects are re
served for utilizing articles of interest
that may appear in forthcoming military
journals.
A method of instruction in the service
of the 12-inch ritie by Lieutenants Ran
dolph, Rumbough and Ames. Battery A,
Third Artillery, will be used until further
orders for purposes of comparison witb
former metho.ls.
According to special orders No. 154 from
headquarters Department of California,
Second Lieutenant Thomas G. Carson,
Fourth Cavalry, has an important duty to
perform, whicb will probably require the
use of twenty yards of red tape. He is
appointed special inspector in the case of
one mule, the property of the United
States, left at Madrone, Cal., by tha squad
ron of the Fourth Cavalry, in an unser
viceable condition.
Lieutenant Carson will proceed to
Madrone, Cal., arrange for the disposition
of the mule, and on completion of this
duty return to his station.
This mule, being the property of the
United States, is owned by seventy mil
lion- of people. In making a disposition
of the animal Lieutenant Carson should
jealously guard the interests of tbe Nation.
CONFIRMATION SERVICE
Four Candidates Received in the Church
of St. John the £vans;ellst.
There was alarge congregation in the
Church of St. Jobn the Evangelist at
Fifteenth street and Julian avenue last
evening, to witness the confirmation of
four candidates, one young man and
three young ladies. The beautiful and
very impressive service of the church was
conducted by the rector, Rev. Dr. E. B.
Spald ng, and tbe associate clergy and tbe
surpliced choir. The candidates, during
NEW TO-DAY".
____
WE LAUGH
AT HARD TIMES
Because our "750 Mission street
prices" make times easy — make
your income go so much further.
A great big stock— five floors,
and a separate building for Car-
pets, Curtains and Draperies.
Thinking about Furniture for
Christmas? Nothing more ap-
propriate or useful. We've some
grand Music Racks we'd like
you to see.
Easy to get here — one block
from Market, and when you're
. here it's a pleasure to show
goods.
OPEN EVENINGS.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
KEW TO-PAT— AMTTSEME>rr»._ _
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE:
waltka iIOROSCO. ..solo Leases a A Manager
A WONDERFUL CAST,
In th» Startling Scenic Kevival. of the Great
Spectacular Drama,
"SHE!"
STIRRING SITTJATrONSr
BEAUTIFUL SCENKRY!
BtJRPKISING MECHAKICAL EFFECTS!
Christmas- Day Matinee on Friday.
1 rinln r »•»— l«»c, >c anil •>>.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -
TO-NIGHT AMD .
CHARITY MATINEE TO-MORROWI
! Dickens' Beautiful Story,
! "THE CRICKET O^THE HEARTH
Order seats by telephone, Black 991.
Night— 15c, 25c, 35c. 50a Matinee— lsc, 25c, 35c.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
GRAND The Dashing Equestrienne
GRAND v
REOPENING/ KATE PURSBELL
REOPENING KATE PURS3ELL
TO-NIGHT , , -...-... ,
TO-NIGHT In her successful drama
"QUEEV OF THE PLAINS"
,-" "QOKEN V THE PLAINS"
PKICES 10c. 20c, »0& - -
' PRiCKS 10c, Me 30C.
CIRCUS ROYAL.
People* Palace Bui dine,- Eddy and Mason sts.
COMMENCIHG^FeC. 21, 1896.
LIMITED SEASON.
PROF. O. R. QLEASON,
WORLD-RENOWNED HOBBE-TAM&B, t
In His Great and Marvelous Exhibitions
bee Gleaaon Subdue Ghe W ildrst Hones.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.
10c, aOct 30c. 5Qc. >
THE CHUTES.
THE WONDERFUL. LIFE-DEPICTINd
ANIMAIOSCOPb FREE!
Pee KOKTO'S perilous shoot down the Chutes
; on a gloDe nightly.
XZV TO-SAT.
I Naked Pills I
(» ■ ■' a
Jft are fit only, for naked say- V •
if ages. Clothes are the marks ?! ■
]») of civilization—in pills as well <j \
v as people. A good coat does <j'
C ■ not make a good pill, any more ?!
! f " than good clothes make a good << [
jjj man. But as sure as you'd I 1
<!< look on a clothesless man as a -i
i* mad one, you may look on "a. (\
i coatless pill as a bad one. H|
(| After fifty years of test no \\
]>) pills stand higher than <j[
| AVER'S I
| Cathartic Pills |i
11 SUQAR COATED. (J;
.
the chanting; of a hymn, advanced to the
altar rail, where they were met by the
Right Rev. Bishop Nichols, who, after
questioning them as to their qualifications
for confirmation and receiving satisfac
tory r plies, placed his hands on the head
of each and repeated the ritual of confir
mation. He then delivered a lecture to
them upon their duties to Christ and to
the church.
• 0 *
Fillraore Street Booming,
The Flllmore-Street Improvement Club Is
making grand preparations for the electric
lighting ol Fillmore street between Sutter and
Washington and California street between
Steiner and Fillmore. The display and street
decorations are intended to eclipse everything
previously attempted. Among the features
will be a high jinks in Franklin Hall. It Is the
purpose of the club to have all the business
men on the streets paint- the front of their
stores and make a special effort at tasteful
decorations. Nearly all have agreed to the
proposition.
HEW TO-DAT.
Try Schilling Best tea.
If you don't like it, it costs
you nothing —your grocer
returns your money in full.
Of course, this means
that people in general like
it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 488
IfEW TO-I.AT— AMUSEMENT*.
tnOLAnatfLCOTTLDD* c>- tt»MA.ni)rwiMUi4—
THIS EVENING
THE FAVORITES.
THE FBA.WLDT COMPANY,
Direct from their Triumphant Trip to Honolulu.
In Augostin Daly's .Beautiful Comedy,
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE,
REMEMBER
Matinee* /Christmas, I rtdav, Dec. 25.
on "(.Saturday, Deo. ~6.
The Regular Popular Prices-.
Reserved Seats (nignt) ....25c, 50c, 75c, 91.
Matinee... 25c, 60c. 75c.
AT THE FAJX OF THE CUKTAIX OS
THE LAST ACT,
THE GBKAT PA!NTIXG,
CHRIST BEFORE PILATE.
FREE EXHIBITION TO OUR PATRONS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AX-Uaywa-v JSI co. (Incorporated) i'roprtsM.-i
TA \TTpTTrp ai/l this and
lU~l\lljr±l 1 NEXT WEEK.
MATINtSK WKDNKSDAY,
Friday (Christmas Day) and Saturday.
NO END OF THE KUStI!
C. B. JEITEBSON. KLAW & Kkusqes'B wok-
sekful Production,
PALMER COX'S
With Its unlimited delighst.
Little Gertie Carlisle. The Earthquake A Volcano.
Dot, Funny German Baud. Ilia Flying Bailee.
Ktc, Etc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
SiBS.EKNKBT.iXtt &8K1.12T1. Proprietor * M.»a.j>:*z
TO-NIGHT '
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE 1
"JACK
AND THK
BEANSTALK!"
A TREAT FOR TOIM AM OLD.
A Well Filled
Christmastlde Fvidciing
Of Song, Dance and humor.
Ponul"- Prices. .....25c ■•»-«
O'Farrell Street, he ween Btoctton and Postj'.l.
Week I Commencing Monday, Dec. 21.
An Unrivaled Christmas Vaudeville Feast
The Original a: d the o.ily \NIU>S< K'S Kt'RO
PEAN Ai RIAL BALLKT (he original
i lying Ballet), in conjunction with
KIBALF^'S RESPLENDENT
BALLET PAGEANT.
The Grandest spectacle Ever Produced In This
City.
ZAZELLK A D VERXON,
• ompdy Acrobats Supreme,
And a Great Bill of Comedy and Novelties.
.Reserved sers. i'sc; litdcouy, 10c; opera-oaain
and box-seats. 60c.
Extra ! Special Matince|Christmas Day.
ART SALOON.
IF YOU DIDN'T HEAR
MR. HERBERT HOLCOMBE
Sins: "HE FOUGHT FOP. THE CAUSE HE
THOUGHT WAS RIGHT" at the Orpheum,
you can at the Art Saloon, or call 138 bouth and
get it by lelepnone after 1 r. it. Music oa tap all
the time. ■ , : ,
RACING -Jlgis RACING
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Tuesday, November 16,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
ihursday, Vrid-iy and Saturday.
; italnor .-nine. :
Backs Start at 15 P. ST. Sharp—
FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Ferry . Boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, ] .00, 1:30 and 2: JO p. x., connecting wita
trains stopping at the entrance to tract
: Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley. yjjaflE^aß
Returning—Trains' leave tbe Track at 4:15 an!
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS h: WILLIAMS JR. JfcTeiidenU
■ R. B. MILKOY, Secretary.
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Eastern Star.
A new chapter was instituted at the Mission
last Saturday night by Grand Patron Tapscott,
Grand Matron Mrs. Ella T. Hall and other
grand officers. Mrs. Mary C. Palmer is the
worthy matron of the new chapter.
The first meeting of Golden Gate Chapter
with the new officers in the several stations
■was held last Thursday uight There was a
large attendance in the hall, which was taste
fully decorated for Ihe occasion. In addition
to the membership there were present visitors
from Adah ol Nevada, Welcome and Marshall
chapters, besides visitors from local chapters.
Past Grand Patron Gray and Mrs. Gray were
present.
The entertainment recently given by the va
rious chapters of this City in aid of the Ma
sonic Home netted $240.
The Odd Fellows.
The trustees of the home at Thermalito met last
Monday and formally accepted the new addition
to the home. They also received a .number of ap
plications for admission.
1 he Excelsior Degree team visited Morse Lodge
last Wednesday and conferred the nrst a.id second
degrees in a very creditable manner.
Amity and Templar Rebekah Lodges gave enter
tainmeuts last Saturday nighu
The new hall of the Odd Fellows of the city of
t-anta Barbara will be dedicated about tbe middle
ot March.
Sargent Lodge initiated one candidate last Fri
day, the work being well Derformed by Frank E.
bmith, N. G., and his corps of officers. There
were present a large number of tbe members of
the lodge and visitors fro:n sister lodgt-s. They
all expressed themselves as well pleased with the
manner In whicb the work was done.
Lebanon Rebekah Lodge has subscribed 55C0
to the orphans' home. Oakland has also sent In
some generous donations, aud something hand
some is promised from Stockton.
'Ihe people of Gllroy, where the Odd Fellows'
Orptians' Home is to be located, have already con
tributed f 1140 to the building fund for the new
1 o i.c ana they announce that it will be increased
to an even $2000.
Ancient Order tTnited Workmen.
At the close of business on last Friday the num
ber of applications passed upon by the grand medi
cal examiner during the current monih was 2tO.
Richmond Lodge, which was instituted on Sat
urday, tbe 12th inst., will, it is thought, soon have
10U members. The institution of the lodge was by
Itemty Grand Master w or^nian Frank S. Poland.
Tuesday evening, January 6, Unity Lodge, pro
verbial for its hospitality, will give a smoker to
Its friends.
Hercules Lodge conferred the degrees on a class
of fifteen last Friday. Last Monday Oakleaf
Lodge conferred degrees on two candidates, the
lecture by J. W. Hall, P. M. W., being very im
pressive.
A new lodge is to be instituted at Waterford on
Saturday next by J. M. Graves.
The lodges of San Jose, (lie home of Grand Mas
ter Workman Vlnter, c«-K'br«i;ed the return of the
head of the order on this coast, alter nis long ab
sence in the southern part of the State, in an en
thujiastic manner ;.nd one that must have been
exceedingly gratifying to the ura.'id master work
man. On Saturday tvening, the 12th i is., there
was a joint meeting 01 ihe lodges in Foresters'
Hall, when twenty-eight members were initiated—
twenty-two for Mount Hamilton Lodze. four for
Enterprise Lodge and two lor the lodge of Los
Gatos. The drill team recently organized was as
slstej by the famous Oakland drill team in con
ferring the degrees in ampliued form and in a
most impressive manner. Deputy G and Master
Workman Poland delivered the charges in that
manner which has won for him so much well
deserved praise. The dcs riptive lecture was by
Past Master Marston. After the ceremonies there
wits an exhibition drill by the Oakland team and
then a banquet, . urii.g which there were speeches
by the grand muster workman, his deputy, Grand
recorder Hinhb.rg and others, and there was
some good vocalization, ihe San Jose contingent
uiu well. The following day the grand .. aster
workman drove the ua ..and team to Alum hock j
and tben gave them a i:in.-r at his home.
The fact that liirouuh :h exertions of Specia'
Deputy B. C. liargraaves or the Fresno district he
seimedin a few weeks twenty-eight candidates,
who were initiated on the Bth inst. in Vosemite
j oage in Fresno ana thaf the same night lie pre
sented tbirty-eigh: new Applications ;-i>e)i.<s we 1
for his power to add .0 the oraer. For ibis work
he was praised by tae grand master workman,
who was present at the initiations as already an
nounced in thiß department.
The Native sons
of the Golden West.
Grand President Oesford has received an appli
cation for a charter for a parlor in I;io Vista,
bolano County.
La-it \\ edneaday. evening California Parlor ln
it aied one candidate and received a Lumber of
applications. J. J. Jamison, Fran'i B. Ryan aud
s. B. oru were appointed a committee to prepare
resolutions in memory of Michael Seligson, late
president of the par or.
At a meeting of the library and reading-room
association it was decided on the first of the in
coming year to increase the number of magazines
and periodicals. Vice- President Stovall sub
mitted a new beating process for the library and
liia proposition was referred.
Grand Vice- President G. D. Clark raid anofficial
vis. to Piedmont Parlor last week. J. >agie,
S resident of .his parlor, is one of the charter mem
ers of the order. Two candidates were initiated
under the nrw ri:ual to tbe satisfaction of the vice
president, who paid tbe parlor a fine compliment
for its present condition and for const n:ly adding
to its ranKs The visitor and other gnests were
entertained at a bauquet at a neighboring < i.oiei.
Hon. A. L. i^rick: was toastmaster and a good time
was had. Ihe visitors were welcomed dv Hon.
George E. deGolia and during the evening there
were responses to toa.'ti by Grand secretary Lun
stedt. District Dej,'u;ies Hynes. Boldeman and
Knowlaud and Assistant Grand secretary Jami
son. ;
Honey Lake Parlor as instituted at Janesville
last Wednesday by District Deputy Graud Presi
dent F. H. Lady, acting maud president, the o.hi-r
grand oflieers being represented by Fred Cain G
Mcl/ow. H. W. Bennett, K. L. Deitrick, L. G.
Htiles, G. D. McColm, W. H. Smi:h, W. ss. Harri
son, J. H. McClelland. . . D. Hall, J. A. Kner
B. H. Tilbo ana Dr. V. 11. Shanks. This parlor
has forty en rter members- Frank Wemple la
president and W. W. ■ harp secretary.
>ative Daughters of the Golden West.
Mrs. E. Dunbar, president of Ruby Parlor of
Mnrpbys, Calaverns County, was In this City last
week. She reports the parlor In a prosperous con
dition and stated that it is probable that the parlor
Will in body at.eua the Grand Parlor session at
t onora.
Yosemlte Parlor has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Dr. M. Camp
bell, P. P.; Mrs. M. Henry, P.; Hiss Mary McNeil,
Miss Ida Wehrman and Miss Nellie Mc<<onigle,
firs;, second and third vice-presidents; .Miss Mary
Kiordan, T. ; Mr*. A. Jacobson. K. S • Honor B.
Mitchell, F. a.; Mitt Lizzie Salicetia, M.; K.
Sanderson, M. Eustace and M. irchenck, trustees-
Dr. M. P. Campbell, physician, and Mrs. L. Sulli
van, organise.
The following are the officers of Las Lomas Par
lor for the ensuing term: Miss Julia lioelier P P •
Mrs. S. P. nagged. P.: Miss M. Black first. Miss
Emma McAllister second, and Miss May Me •1
li»ier third, V. P.: Miss M. K. Waters, T.- Miss
Emma Breiling, R. S. pro tern.; Miss Battle
Giro pie, M.
Orluda Parlor will give an entertainment in
Balboa Hall, Native font building, to-night.
A meeting of ns-ntaiives of the varous par
lors was held on taiurday, and steps were taken
to organize a San I rancigco leiief .'aid.
. Ibe Christmas feu Ival given by that very pro
gressive parlor, olden state, last Friday night in
Native .-.c:,s' Hall was a brilliant' affair and re
flects much credit on the promoters and the com
mittee of arrangements, composed of Miss Kose
iJay (chairman), ionise Meyer, Annie Maberry
Mamie D cker. Mamie Magulre, Freda yon Staden
and Li Lie Uhlli;. Thtse young laiiies assi-ted by
Miss Johanna Meyer, the secretary, the most
vivacious and mirthful of the local Native Daugh
ters, cecorated tin- hall with a profusion of lerns
and Chris greens, no; forgetting * late;
bunch of mistletoe that bung Irom the renter
chandelier, and dressed an immense Christmas
tree with those bright and fancy gewgaws that are
so attractive to the juveniles ana with fancy rib
bons utid vaii-ooiorei can lies. >■ ■
There was a very large attendance, and the
children were out in full force, as each bad been
promised apr sent from the tree. Miss Johanna
.Meyer assumed the diameter of Santa Clans, and
made a vi ry fine representative of the old fellow
who comes down the chimney, even if she did
wait with a swing thai. doe> not belong to the
sterner sex. Every little one received a contribu
tion f on '-old Kauiy's" big bag and was made
bappv. The children having b*en satisfied the
floor was cleared, and under the direction of F.oor
Manager Annie Maybrriy the dance went merrily
on: until. early in the morning. .Mrs. Georgle U
Bynn: grand secret was an interes;ed spectator
of .the merriment of the evening.
Saturday evening the Christmas festival and en
tertain given by Alta Parlor was attended
by a very laree number of people, and. as a Christ
mas tree for the 11 tie ones had been announced a
large contingent of tin- juvenile portion oi the
community presented Itself- in time to receive do
nations from .->anu Ciaus. Previous to the draw
ing aside cf the curtains that concealed the won
derful < tree there was a recitation by K. V. Sulli
van,' secretary of oiv r -| H Parlor, Native Sons; ' a
comic recitation '•'• Ml s -Wnde' .Miller, and a
vocal solo by V ss H mi Jii-rr 11, a handsome,
graceful young lady ■» bo is possessed of an ex
ceedingly sweet . — ."powerful voice, She sang
Kevin s serenade, "Good N is ht. Beloved i ni-," in
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 X-eidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
■ »■■-•."';'■ CI JTTKA I, OrFICK '
•23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
Uptown Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Boom). Tel. Main 339.
PURDY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly ' executed on latest market quo-
tations. .Reference Ist National Bank, s. F.
rw.mmi. yajVA-riii wxnje. MMIX. YOBXt
a manner that won for her such loud and pro
lonced applause that she had to give an encore.
The second numb'-r was "I Cannot Help loving
Thee." Grade Kirchner, a little maiden, sang »
few verses, after whlcn the children paid th»- ir re
spec s to Santa Claus, who was personated by Mrs.
L. ICirchner.
This was followed by a raffle for many pretty
articles contributed by numbers of the parlor and
then a dance. Misi Mary Meyer was the chalr
mun of the committee of arrangements and she
was assisted in her duties by .Mrs J. A. Steinbacn,
Mrs H. Fraser, Mrs. J. .1. (ireit. Mrs. L. Rupe,
Miss C. Faulkner. Miss A. Bagje, Mrs J. Barrett
and Grand Trustee Miss Lizzie Douglass.
Foresters of America.
Last Thursday evening Club No. 33, the social
branch of lourt Defiance, had a most delightful
time in its hall iv the Alcazar building. There
were many present &ud the following excellent
programme was rendered In a manner that won
for it much applause: Overture, Professor Letters;
vocal solo, William \ urgeson; fancy dance, Kd
ward Bartell: sinking or the "Fin de biecle"
quartet, R. E. Dolan, C. H. C. Wicke, E. L.
Ormsby and J. W. WeJeman: drum major's drill,
John Gleason; duet, Frederick Smith and M,
The Members' New Regalia.
Tbormey; cat song, Signor Paste; specialties by
Keely and Marlow; vocal selection, J. Reynolds:
cornet and trombone duet, Messrs. Cardigan and
j Gardiner. The affair was got up under the
i supervision of W. O. Ford, J. R. Simpton. W. E.
i Faith, E. K. Kronholm, A. Wasch, A. Coleman
I and G. W. Terry.
(..rand Chief Ranger R. B. Vellage, J. 8. W.
launders- G. s. c. R. ; J. Samuels, a. S W.; Elias
I HoUien. «. S. 8.. and Charles H^t?. D. C X.. and
a large de egation from San Jose and Santa Clara
paid a visit to Court Loma Priela of Campbells on
the occasion ot the celebration of its first anni
versary on Friday. After congratulations and
wishes for the success of the c urt all present
sp^nt several hours around the ba'iquet table.
On Friday Court Pi ide of Alaiueda gave an old
time social to Its friend*.
Companion* of the Forest.
Last Thursday Bonlta Circle Initiated on c candi
date and appointed • committee to arrange for a
public Installation of officers on the first Thursday
in January.
Ch.ef Companion Mrs. Gussie Mills of American
Circle, Petalut! a, visited the office of tbe grand
secretary last week, and on 1 hursnay oigui, iv
company with Mrs. M. A. Duke, G OL C., visited
Pride of Columbia and Twilight circles.
The Chosen Friend*.
The lr.rgest meeting ever he'd tinder the aus
pices of the Chosen Friends was the one in
Vnion-sqaare Hall last Friday night, it being the
occasion of seventy-thre candidates being
in ii,-ted for the various City councils.
The meeting was :or members of tbe
order only, yet the hal l and the galleries were
packed to their holding capacity. There were
present: Past S.ipr^me Councilor Arnold, W. F.
Gibs jn, supreme trustee; M. Boehm, grand coun
ciior: Dr. K. L. Webster, supreme vice-councilor :
Past Grand Coun< ilors D. Sewell, H. W. Hutton,
T. H. O'Brien, Mrs. Henry Payot. A. B. Sanborn,
E. 1. Wo:fe. supreme represe tative; Grand Re
corder S. C. Wallis; Mrs. Clara McDonald, grand
treasuer: Mr=. C. J. Sweeney, grand marshal, and
nil the district deputies. The work by the
initiatory team under the direction of Deputy
Fred A. Taylor was very impressive and effective.
There were initiated 2~ for >unset Counril, 16 for
Social, 6 each for Crystal and Pacific, 5 for Evans,
4 tor America, 3 for uerrnania, "2 each :or Fair
mount and Teu.onia and 1 each for Alcazar and
Samaritan. . \f;e: ■ tU- wo k tbe h 11. which bad
been tastefully decor^t a and htled up as a
lougeroom, was cleared, and tnere was a dance.
Grand Councilor boehm and Grand Recorder
Wullli instituted a new cour.cil at Belmont, San
Mateo (ou ty. lagi -ttnr lay night.
At its last held meeting Empire council received
several applications.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
During the tour of visitations in Sacramento
and other places in that section of the reservation
Great Chief Sims, Great Chief of Records Burg
mau and oiher gre&: chiefs were openly welcomed
and most hospitably entertained. The vis tors ex
press themselves as greatly pleased with the evi
dence of prosperity that they noted where they
went, and also pleased to note the amount of in
terest that the members of the order are taking in
the order and i s work.
Last Monday the great chiefs paid a visit to Os
ceoia Tribe In this City anu also attended a recep
tion given by Pononachee Tribe, where they were
we corned by W. M. Koiz P. G. S. On Tuesday
h< y were received by Miantonomah and Moute
znaia tribes, and at each they were lendered a
heariy welcome. The v.s>it to Montezuma Tribn
was an exceedinnly pleasant one. ihere were
present Past Grand Kachems G. W. Lovle, I .
Brandt and B. F. Josselyn: a. so A. B Tread well,
A. K. AUen, Justice of the Peace Barry, A. K.
Stevens, O. W. Collins, (i. J. S., and P. L. Bliss.
G. Sp.
Last Wednesday the great chiefs paid a visit to
Comanche Tribe and Minnewawa Council in Kim
hurst, on whici occasion ihere were a number of
Kl-u Men from the tribe at Hay waid*. A very
pleasant evening was spent, and instructive ad
drtsies w*re listened to.
A lamas, the nsw tribe instituted in the Kich
mond district, ii> adding to its membership. Ten
palefaces were adopted a: the last meeting, and
ten more will be adupted at the next. W. T. Lyon
of the KichmonU Banner is the sachem; J. H.
Kelst, rf centiy cierk of the s-urrenie courtotthe
Hawai.iii Is ands. is the clerk, and F. X. Bentz of
thf Sutro lu:e cf cars Is ihe treasurer.
Manzanita Tribe conferred the warrior's degree
on several candidates last Wednesday, anu will
confer the chief's degiee at the nexi council,
f iiere was a larte attendance of members anil vis
itors, who manifested a great deal of Interest in
witnessing me beautiful wurk.
The Diiuih.
Laurel Grove, at Its last held meeting, initiated
one candidate and conferred the second degree on
two members. Norma Grove initiated oue candi
date and received two applications This grove
had alarce attendance and <ons:derable interest
was taken in tne work. Hesperlt n Grove received
two app ications for the second and third degrees.
On the evening of Saturday, the 12th inst., a
large delegation from in c local groves went to Pet
aluzna to attend tbe ball _:ven by Pc aluma and
j Cypress groves. There were more than 300 per
i sons present and an enjoyable evening was spent.
I Last Tuesday ni Jit J. A. Devo.o, N. G. A.; 11.
IJ. Goller, D. G. A.: J. J. Mollison, G. S. ; K. H.
Goe.ze, G. 1.; L. G. bchord, P. S. A., and K. Cav.i
gnaro, P. N. G. A., and many past arches of local
groves paid an official v.sts t io Persaverancts Grove.
1 his grove, which has 2)6 member.' names on its
roll, had a very large showing of Us membership.
After an official inquiry the uobl- grand arch paid
the grovr a compliment :or tbe good work It has
done in the past six rronths. After adjournment
there was a banquet and K. L. Wagner, P. N. G.
A., acted as toastmaster.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Yerba Buena Lodge has recently added four
members to ltd roll. On last Wednesday the lodge,
after a short session, entertained a large number
ofitstriends irom 9 o'cloc . in the evening until
niidnignt. aud all had a peasant time. The fourth
annual masquerade ball o this lodge will be given
in Gerruunia nail on the evening of the iOth of
next January.
American Legion of Honor.
San Francisco Council was merged into Bohe
mian Council last Wednesday, thirty-one mem
bers being added to the roll of the'last named
council. The incomers were warmly welcomed
by Commander Robert Ferral in a flow of lan
guage of which he has such wonderful command,
and th* response was by Gus Polilman, Assem
blyman-elect. The following are the officers of
the council for tbe ensuing year: William 11.
Hobart, C; George J. Vincent, V. C. ; William
Henderson, O.: James W. Oisbrow, S.; Gus Pohl
niitn, C: George W. Dlxoo. T. ; a. PrescotUG.:
Kmil Kerlin. chaplain; P. Gleason, W.j and 1.
Goulet. eentry (seventeenth term). By the con
solidation of these councils, which by the way was
a wise act L'oh mian Is no lonzer a "slag" coun.
cli, m two lady members were admitted. Boh«.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21,. 1896.
mVan is now attain in the race for the position of
leading council of this jurisdiction.
Representative C. O. i urton is on his way home
from Philadelphia, where he attended a special
session of tlie Supreme Council, during which a
great deal of important If gis'atton affectinc the
weliare of theordei was entiled. He Is exppc;ed
home to-day, and will resume his duties a< grand
secretary. While East he stopped at Cauion.
Ohio, and visited Major William McKinley, Presi
dent-elect
Knights of Honor.
On Friday evening Polar Star Lodge received a
visit from Grand Assistant Dictator W. J. Thomp
hon. wlio a Idressed a large membersnip on timely
topics concerning the order and the work in tbe
lioe of increasing the number of members.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited the Sacra
mento lodges last week, and from there he went
io Modesto, where he initialed eight caQdidates
for Cedar l.ooce.
(;rand Dictator Archibald, Deputies Summers
and Pierce and Dr. Been paid a visit to Ivy Itfdge
on Friday night, and, after the close of business,
there wm a vocal aud iuatrumental entertain
ment which was greatly en.io.ed h nil present.
Grand Reporter Johnuoue visited Lei and Stan
ford .Lodge on Thursday. This lodge, which has
been very active, will iuitiate several candidates
after the ho idays.
To-niglii, ail the grand officers, accompanied by
a 1 the local district deputies, w 11 v sit Friendship
Lodge in the Alcazar building. This. It is ex
pected, will be 'the i nrgesl meeting that Friend
ship has ever had, and a general Invitation has
been extended to all members of the order.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
High Chief Banger Dr. E. Q. Case will, during
the first week in January, visit the courts in this
City.
Last Monday Court Violet elected Its officers and
initiated two candidates. After business all pres
ent became the guests of Mr. Williams, the new
chief ranger.
Court Bohemian announces an entertainment
and dance in A. o. 1. Hall on the evening of tbe
30th of January.
1 hurt Lincoln, now in the eighth month of its
existence, is reported in a prosperous condition.
At its last held mcc ing It initialed one candidate.
A prize uf $100 has been offered by the high
chief ranger to the torester proposing the great
est number of members before the Ist of next
April and a prize of $^0 to the court initialing the
greatest number of can.i date; by that date.
The picnic association will be caned together
early uext month tv make preliminary arrange
ments for the picnic on Foresters' day, June 17.
English and bcotch papers rec ntly received
s;;eaK in terms of the highest praise oJ the la'e T.
Kalian stead, who was permanent secretary of the
Hiih Court of the World, and whose, death was
announced in this de; artmeni recently. .Mr.
istead, who was a brother of Mr. Stead,
the author of "if Christ Came to Chicago," was a
newspaper writer of high reputation iv his coun
try, ana be was a writer of marked ability on fra
ternal matters. >oiue of his works on friendly
societies are looked upon us authorities. It will
be difficult to find one who was of more value to
the order.
Companion* of the Forest.
The grand officers paid a visit :o America Coun
cil last week and were well received. There were
present on that occasion a large delegation trom
Loyal Circle.
1 he open meeting of Bohemia Circle last Tues
day was attended by a large number of people and
they were treated to a very interesting programme
of music and literature.
The grand officers will leave this afternoon for
Stockton to pay a visit to the council there.
Application has been made for nvochanen, one
for Xl Cajon and the other tor Kamona.
Loyal Clicle bad a very pleatant dance last
night in A. O. F. Hull, quite a number o people
being present and daDcing to the strains of the
latest ball-room music. During intermission
coffee and cukes weru served to all present. This
tircie will install the officers on the 4th oi Janu
ary. The installation will be public, but no one
will be admitted without an invitation.
Knight* of Pythias.
Last Tuesday night Grand Chancellor C F.
McGlashan, accompanied by H. r-chnft'ner. the
G. K. of K. and S.. and a large number of Knlgbts
ircm local lodges, paid a v:sit to Miirs Lodge.
1 here was a large meeting and the addresses of
the visitors, listened to with a great deal of atten
tion, were greeted with much applause.
Tbe reception and collation that has been pre
pared for the frienns of the First Keglmem of the
I ' inform Hank, wiil take place on the eveniug of
tbe cO.II of the cur en: month.
Colonel J. C. J^ohmeyer has been placi d in
charge of a school of instruction organized in the
i if.i-i. Regiment, 0. R.
forest Hilt Company was instituted at Forest
j Hill ou Saturday, the 12th, by retired Brigadier-
General 11. Scnaffner, assisted by 'General Mc
: tT■a^han, Colonel >>erney, and members of Placer
County Company under command of tap
tuin J. M. Newman. . Olympic Company So. 31
will be Instituted at Grass Valley this eveniug,
with a membership of forty.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
California Lodge will Install its officers on
January. 14, and after the ceremony there will be
j a ball in the main ball of the K. B. building.
The lodges a: this time are selecting representa
; tives to the District Grand Lexis; that Is to meet
;in Stockton on January 24. Hope Lodge of that
dry is maki::g great preparations to entertain the
representatives, and iii this they , are assisted by
i It, P. Stein, the first grand vice-president, who
will be tbe next grand president."
Progressive Endowment Guild.
San Francisco Chapter held its last meeting for
the current year in St. Ueorge's Hall, last Wednes
day, and elected the following officers for the en
suing ttrm: A. T. DenL.y, P. G. ; M. S. Feinb-rg,
U. ; J. R. Wear. V. O. John F. Eggert, S. ; Mrs. C.
Bowman, T.; Dr. J. P. LeFevre, M. 2.; John R.
Mci ordan, chaplain; William s. Lewis, W. ; Allen
Eckert, O. : trustees— H. Huffschmidt, Dr. J. P.
LeFevre, W. H. Thompson. ■
The chapter appointed Henry Huffschmidt, R.
W. McUarvie. W. H. Thorn p«on and J. R. Wear a
committee to miKe arrangements for the next
ball to be given, tile date oi whicb will b" fixed at
'. the meet ng to be held on the ti of next month.
J'unngthe evening tne chapter was presented by
Henry liuff-.chmiUt with a handsome frame for
the chapter's : charter and be was accorded a vote
of thanks.
W. X. Moses and W. H. Thompson addressed
the meeting on the benefits of being members of
thx tuild and urged each member present to bring
one candidate at the nexi meting. .
The reports of the gui d show that at the close
of the year there will be 4200 000 on hand and all
; death ciaiim paid up and no other obligations un
paid. Some tim» si.ice the Legiilatnre of Virginia
passed a special act allowing the guild to be
placed under the supervision of the Insurance de
j partment of the Slate and allowing It to deposit
I with lbe State Treasurer 925,000 as a trust fund
for the benefit of members, i.ecemly the largest
surety companies of the country placed a $2U,000
guarantee oond in the State of Arkansas lor ih«
I guild. . -■■ ■ . - - -
Royal Arcanum.
On the evening of the 1 1 th of January Argonaut
Council will install its officers who were recentlye ntly
elected They are: George W. Dixon, regent; T.
H. O'Brien, V. R. ; D. A. Sewell, O.; M. S. de
Koco,' S. ; J. A. Maganos, C; F. Head, T.: David
Allen, G. ; Df. H. O. NcUi 1, chaplain; T. L. Hall,
W.; Jumes a. Siivey, sentry; J. b. Whitney, W.
H. Snyder and J. M. Long, trustees. After the
ceremony of installation the council will give an
old-lime smoker to is friends.
At its last held meeting Argonaut Council ini
tiated one canuidaie and gave a hearty we come
to Lit. Mctiill on Im return from a visit to his old
home In Canada. Addresses were made by He
gent Whitney, Messrs. Uixou, Magagnos, de Reco,
Head, O'Brien, silvi-y and others. Ti.e doctor ex
pressed his gratliicai ion at being with tbe mem
brrs of the coun II u;am.
Golden v\ est Council will install its officers at
the first meeting in January.
Knights of Maccabees.
There was a large attendance at the weekly re
view of Mission Tent last Tuesday evening, it
being the occusion of the first meeting lv the new
hall, 2117 Mission stre-t. After the transaction
of the regular busi iess the m-mbers and invited
guests weru trea cii to a Hue programme of music
ana then were invite I to partake of a collation
Th*re is considerable aetivny iv this Older at this
ii».e and .Mission Tent is iuliiat i:ig candidates at
every review. At ll» present pace it bids lair to
become tbe leading one uf he local te its.
I /ie local tents have Joi. Ed forces with a view to
secure lor Sau Francisco the next biate conven
tion, which is to be he!U in he coming spring.
ihe degree team of Mm, in lent has becdme
thoroughly prolirient In the work of the order, and
having proiuied ita paraphernalia is now ready to
exemplify tbe work in ihe most perfect form.
This Is the first tent in the northern part of ihe
State that has reach d this degree of completeness.
The National Union.
Three members were Initiated by California
Council las: Wednesday nifht, the work being
done in a very satisfactory manner.
The newly elected officers will be installed on
the evening of Wednesday, January &
Older of Pendo.
Appha Council Initiated five candidates last
week; Hope, Standard and Baltimore four each.
1 in- d put/ in Texas sends very encouraging let
ters from that State.
tupreiue Councilor H. W. Mathews has Issued a
call lor representative from the grand councils
to the supreme Council that will meet in this
City on January 10.
Young Ladies' Institute.
The members of Branch No. 1 had an "at home'
to their friends in the headquarters last Monday
nighu There was a musical and elocutionary pro
gramme which proved quite a treat.
Branch No. 1 has elected Miss Kate Driscoll,
president; Mias M. Ryan, first vice-president;
Miss Annie Mvhan, recording secretary; and Miss
A. O'Meara, treasurer.
On account of the holidays Branch No. 2 will
not hold a meeting fur two weeks.
Past I'resident Miss Mary L Wynne was in this
City last week, very much improved in health.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
During the past week state councilor Schaertzer
visited a number of the councils of tbe interior.
At .newcastlen ewcastle h" was weli received a:.»l he found
the council there in n prosperous condition.
'I lie several councils or he State are making
ac.ive preparations lor the installation of the ■ Ul
cers recently elected. Ihe installations will take
place next month.
WOUNDED BY A
BOLD BURGLAR
Thomas P. Murphy, an
Old Painter, the
Victim.
He Was Roused From Sleep by
the Noise of a Man in
His Room.
The Burglar Struck Him on fie Hra:
Wi;h a R.volvr and Rifl d
His Pockets.
A burglary and attempted murder were
committed at the residence of Mrs. Gal
lagher, on Tweuty-firat and Douglass
streets, early yesterday morning.
Mrs. Gallagher keeps a small rooming
house and has two roomers — Thomas P.
Murphy, a painter, 67 years of age, and a
man named Erickson. Saturday night
Mrs. Gallagher and her boy, accompanied
by Erickson, went to Shipley street to
visit her daughter-in-law.
They did not return till about 1:30
o'clock Sunday morning, and when they
entered the house they were alarmed to
discover Murphy moaning in bed and cov
ered with blood. He told them that
burglars had broken into the house a few
minutes previous to their return and one
of them had struck him over the temple
with the butt end of a revolver and bad
threa;ened to kill him.
It was found that Murphy was bleeding
from a deep wound on the left temple, the
blow from tbe revolver having burst an
artery. Murphy was taken to the City
and County Hospital. It was feared that
bis skull might have been fractured, but a
careful examination showed that it was
intact.
"I was just going to sleep," said Mur
phy, "wnen I was roused up by hearing a
man walking around my bed. Thinking
it was EriCKson, I said, 'Is that you, Er
ickson?'and a man, with an oath, told
me to shut np. I said: 'None ot your
fooling. Why don't you co to bed?' The
man said, 'Look here, I want your money,
and let me have it. quick.' With that
be struck me on the head with tbe butt
end of hispistol, rendering me unconscious
for two or three minutes.
"When I recovered I said, 'For God's
sake don't kill me. If you want my
money it is all in my pocket, about $2.'
The man said. 'Where's Erhkson; aren't
you Erickson?' I told him my name was
Murphy, and he said if I didn't etop talk
ing he would kill me.
"He opened Erickson's trunk and
searched through it for mi ney I suppose,
but he did not get any, and then be took tbe
$2 out of my trousers pocket and left ih«
room. There were two of them, as I could
hear another man walking up and down
the hallway. As there was no light in
the room I could not give a description of
the man who struck me with tbe revolver
and nfled my pockets."
Murphy was weak from loss of blood,
and the shock to his system, owing to ois
aj.*e, may nave serious results.
Sergeant Anderson and a posse were de
tailed on the case by Lieutenant Burke,
bui although the who>e neighborhood and
surrounding districts were scoured no
trace of the burglars could be found.
The fact that the burglar asked Murphy
"Where's Erickson?" has led 10 the behef
that he was. not a stranger to the house.
The inmates have been cautioned by tbe
police not to give any information, but it
was learned from the neighbors that two
men visited the house early in the even
ing and one of them asked Erickson if be
could change a $20 gold piece, aa he
wanted to "rush the growler." Erickson
gave him the change and it is suspected
that the same two men were the burglars
and they were after Erickson's money.
JOOKEY SLOAN HAS COME
He I ncßji-.t in an Impromptu Set-to
With a Turfman at His Hotel.
About the only bright, sparkling, spicy
bit of news in tbe world of turfdom yes
terday was tbe arrival at a downtown
botel from St. Louis or thereabouts of
Tod Sloan, accompanied by seven trunks,
two valet?, his brother, Cash, and a band
some English setter dog. Tbe Sloan
retinue does not quite occupy one floor
of tbe hotel, though the remaining
tenants have been given orders to vacate.
T. Sloan, jockey, had not long been a
guest of the hotel ere he caused a flutter
of excitement in the rotunda by engag
ing in a mixup with a turfman by the
name of Al Adler, a New Yorker. T.
Sloan, jockey, jocularly made a swipe at
Mr. Adier of New York with a walking
siiik, which, hao it landed, would un
doubtedly have rocked Mr.Adlerof the first
part in the cradle of the deep. Now, T.
Sloan, jockey, is not a big man, but his
prowess as a duelist and tighter is world
wide, and but lor the timeiv intervention
of the well-known millionaire turfman E.
J. Baldwin Mr. Adler'a friends by this
time might be flocking to the florists and
ordering anchors, broken columns and
other sundry appurtenances that go to
make up v tirst-class burial party.
As it so happened, Mr. Adler was at last
accounts resiing easily and T. Sloan,
jockey, was in full possession of the situa
tion, busily encaged receiving the con
gratulations of his friends.
Ed Powers, an exceedingly clever and
popular New Yorfe sporting sciibe, arrived
here on Saturday, fully determined 10 try
a California winter.
Charley Dwyer, a son of the noted East
ern turfman, and Plunger Mike Dwyer
also, stepped in yesterday from tne East
ern country.
A St. Louis paper has this to say in re
sard to the raising of the scale of weights
in the Wesiern racing section:
Early In January the Western Turf Congress
will hold its annual meeting. At that time
new rules prepared by Secretary Hopper of
Cincinnati will be considered, soys the En
quirer. It is also probable thai the Western
iurf Congress will follow the leal set by the
Jockey Club at its meeting the other day and
raise the scale of weights. If it does this it
will put a lot of jockeys who have been out of
the business back on the turf again. Under
the new scale races exclusively for three-year
olds the weight will be 126. a raise of four
pounds over the scale oi mis year, and two
year-olds 122, also a raise ot lour pounds.
There will be no ducking in handicaps, as
the too weigiit must always be 126. If tne top
weight should "scratch" the next weight to it
is raised to 126, and every oiher weight under
it will be raised iv proportion. Say, for in
stance, there is a handicap with the loliowing
entries and weiKhts: First Mate, 126; JRsmiro,
122; souffle, 121: Loki, 117; lieu Holiiday,
115; Hermes, 108; Volimi, 100; Lufra, 95.
Then suppose that First Mate, Kamiro, Souffle
and Lolti are declared. 'Ifcis woul'i leave Ben
Holladay with 115 pounds as the weight. In
order to start, Ho;iad»y would have to take up
126, and this would Cause eleven pounds to be
added to all the others making the new
wei hts— Hermes, 119; Volmu, 111; Lufra,
106. This would give a chance to jocfcsysliite
Monk Overton, Tiny Williams, Chippie Ray
and others who have been out of it. J)cseys
like Soup Perkins, Joe Scherrer and Russell,
who are fast taking on weight, would be able
to stay in the business a long time. A few old
limers like P.ke Barnes, Ike Lewis, Mat Mona
hftn ai.d George Cochrau might also get back
in the business.
■>, The entries in to-day's running events
are as follows : . '
First race, six furlongs, purse— Don Pio
Pico 95, 260 Jack : Atkins 107, 255 Monterey
103. 260 Boreas HI, 255 ,Vlri;ie'A:97. 210 El
Tlrano 110, 255 Peraaps 85, 217 Examiner
104, 260 Cadenza 107, 256 Bernard 97, 260
Irinu 100, 255 Mahogany 105. •
Second rece, one mid a sixteenth miles,
selling— 247 Julia O 99, 235 Elmer F 104, 229
Coilins 99, (259) Stratlimeath 107, 259 Fred
Gardner 102,247 All Over 110,262 Kamsin
104.
Third race, one mile, selling— 26l Draught
101. 246 Torpedo 101, 256 Vivo 101, 242 Scor
cher 98, 242 Principle 106, 170 James Porteus
101, 257 Personne 106, 242 Osric It 106.
Fourth race, one mile, purse — 235 Pert Child
91, 251 Judge D-nnv 103, Lucania 106,258
Walter J 103, (17) St. Lee 103, 259 Woodchop
per 109, 263 Chartreuse II 109, 225 Adolph
Sprockets 103, 189 Gratliy 100.
Fifth race, three-fourths of a mile — 155
Meadow Lark 100, 246 Lo6l Girl 97, 228 Popin
jay 100, Greenback Jr. 112, 261 Viking 97,
263 Wernberg 115, 258 Neson 111, 210 Midas
113, 254 Rienzi 100, 261 ZylDha 105.
THE ROPE BROKE.
Simon Brsner, a Despondent Painter,
Makes an Unsuccessful Attempt to
Hang Himself.
Simon Braver, a painter, made a sensa
tional attempt to bang himself yesterday
morning at tbe old reservoir on Hermann
and Buchanan streets.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock Mrs. Desmond,
who lives on the top of the hill, heard
cries for help, and on investigating she
discovered Braver lying in the bottom of
a cement well about twenty feet deep. He
told her that he had fallen into the well
and ha. 1 sprained his right ankle, and he
wanted her to bring a doctor. Bhe noti
fied the Seventeenth-street police station,
and Policeman Connell arrived in a few
minutes with the patrol wagon.
Connell, after some difficulty.got Braver
out of the well and carried him on his
back down the hill to the patrol wagon.
He was then taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, and subsequently to the City and
County Hospital.
Braver had tied a thick piece of twine
around a scantling that supports the high
board fence around tne reservoir and then
tied the other end round his neck. The
scantling is close to the well, and Braver,
after adjusting the noose round his neck,
umpeu into the well. The twine was not
strong enouph to support the strain and
broke, letting Braver fall to the bottom.
Braver is 22 years of age. He has not
been able to obtain work for months, and
has kept himself from starvation by doing
odd jobs around saloons. He bad no
home and no money, and rendered des
pera.te by his bad luck he tried to hang
himself.
To make a smooth hole in a sheet of
glass, pack wet clay upon the surface an i
outline the hole in the clay. Then pour
melted lead in the hole and a circle of
glass will drop out.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for to*
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means high barometric . pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high in th» interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
Will produce an opposite result. . .
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpabtment of AGBicnn>
tube. Weather Bubeac, San Fbancisco. Dec
20,1866, 5 F. X.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal ] rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 18.63 inches, last;season 14.98 inches:
Bed Bluff 9.46 inches, last season ; 6.62 Inches:
Ban| Francisco. 8.80 :. inches,', last season ; 8.76
Inches: Fresno 3.54 inches, last season 1.11 inches;
san Lais Oblspo 6.97 inches, last season 400
inches; Los Angeles 3.83 inches, last season 1.6 5
inches; Han Diego '2.73 inches, last season 1.4
Inches: Yuma 1.14 inches, last season .32
of an Inch. . . .
San Francisco Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 47, mean 63. . -
The pressure ] continues highest over Northern
Utah, from "Inch section it diminishes to the lim
its of the reeion embraced by the weather map.
Fair weather has pre-vai.ed throughout the region
south of ■ Oregon, and generally cloudy and foggy
weather throughout Oregon and Washington, ou.
no rain has > fallen to-day except .along Puget
Hound. Conditions are favorable for slightly in
creased cloudiness In Northern California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco '■■ for 30 hours
end In? midnight December 21, 1896: -
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
partly ■; cloudy :in ' northern - portion; light gen
eral^' southerly winds.
southern California—Fair Monday: light north
erly winds. ■■:'- '•-'
Nevada—Fair Monday. .■ '
Utah—Fair Monday. ; ■'
Arizona—Fair Monday. '
San Francisco ; and vicinity — Fair Monday,
but with increasing cloudiness In the afternoon;
light to fresh generally southeasterly winds.
: , : : W.-H.Hammon, Forecast ufflciaU
OCEAN STEAMERS
l>Hte<( of Departure From San Franciaeo.
BTKAMKB | ÜBBTINATIOM. |
SAILS.
| PIER.
fc.ureka....:
ißlanchard
Del None..:
'■!. nun
Santa Kosa.
Empire
l-'aralloti
t'omona....;
Colombia...
)ri/.aoa
.'oos 8ay.. . .
turner
Mexico
ircaia......
.'orona
veapuico...
<i«r«» or C%i
Newport .':...':
Oregon ports..
Uravs Harbor.
Coos 8ay......
San D1ee0.....
Oregon ports. '.
V an ulna Bay.
Humboldtßa>
Portland .;,•.;.
Mexico
Newpor
Yaquina Bay.
Vie* I'et Hnd
Coos 8ay......
San Diego...'.:
Panama.......
Port ani ' '•■: :■•:
Dec 21, Van
Dho SI. spm
Dec 2'AlSi M
Dec 2?..;....
Dec ilUun
Dec '23, 6pm
Dee 23. DAK
Dec 23. am
Dec 24. hum
Dec 25.10 am
Dec 26. Uii
Deo 26. 9am
Dec 26. 9 a ii
Dec 20.10414
Dec 27.11 ax.
Dec 2 8.1 » ii
Dec 29.1Uam
Pi»r 11 ■:
Pier li : ,
Her 87
I'ier 1 1
Pier 13
Pier 'i
Pier i m
Pie' 3 1
Pier 11
nut 11
Pier 2
Her
Pier 13
P. t 11
PM S 8
iVr 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
|
From
Dux.
Creaceui. v.ny. ..
Wellington... .
A1bi0n. ....'.....
Karallou .......
C01umbia. ......
MeXtCO.'. -i'm'SamiA
ttanta Kosa ....
Czarina..'...'....
Protection......
Wanntenaw ....
Beigic.:.vr.vr.;;
Pomona ........
8nn0L. .:........
Mackinaw
Loot Hay......."
Australia.......
Weoou .*."......".
80n1ta:.".:.;....
Prog res o .•..:;...
City of Everett.
Homer .'..V.:..7.
Corona. ....
Arcata.'.v: ;;...;
Stale or Cat....
North Koric. . .
City Puebia....
Enrelta^;....:..
rexu ,,,,
Crescent Cltv •."..;..»■....
Departure Bay ..........
Til lamooK 8ay . . .. . ."..'.'.
Vaquina iii- .. ,:~^:?~
>'or viand ;;..';. ..........
Victoria & Pu«;et Sound
s«an Dieso ....... .. ......
Coos 8ay................
TillarnooK 8ay...'.;....;
Tacoma ........... ......
China nd Japan.. ......
Kumoold. 8ay. .........
Grays Harb0r...........
acorns . . ." HT;« TTiTTTTt
Newport
H0n01u1u....;.
Crescent City............
Coos Bay. .
Seattle. :"..;.. ■.'."...■...;..;
a' an alma ...............
Yaqulna 8ar......
-an Diego. .........'.;....
Coos 8ay . ... . . .'. ; . .. . .'. .
: or Uhii a. .'..";...;....'....
lnml)oidi Bay ......
Victoria & Puget Sound
Newport. ;."."... :.;;...;.;
China and Japan „
..Dec 21
..Deo 21
..Dec .1
..Dec 21
..Dec 21
..Dec 21
..Dec 21
..Dec 21
..Dec 21
..Dec 23
..Dec 22
..Dec 22
..Dec 22
..Dec 23
..Dec 23
." Dec 23
..Deo 23
..Dec 23
..Dec 24
..Dec '24
. Dec 24
.Deo 25
..Dec 26
.'.Dec. 26
..Deo '26
..Dec 26
..Dec 27
..Deo 27
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. B. COABT AND Geodetic BTJRVSY Tins'*
BULLMIN Published by OFFICIAL >
.AUTHORITY OF TUX SUPEKISTESDKNT. )
December— lß96.
Mondu.-, December 21.
SnnrtMs 7.23| Moon rises 6.21pm
Ban seta 4.64 1 Moon sen.
>\ r '"•" fee: I Fefi
g[M"W 1.
IH .V 11, W
F«tt
21 — 4.61 6.37 | 3.0 iI.'AJ
22 2.30 4 7 6. 30 3.0 12.04
23 3.00 5.1 7.J5 2.9 12.64
24 82 6 2 8.271 2.4 1.54
25 4.09 6.3! 9.H4 U.l 3.06
26 4.45 6.3 10.45 1.2 4.36
27 5.23 5.4 11.4« 0.9 6.00
sf»i 6.02 — i.O
6.2 7.30-0.7
4.7 8.10-0.2
4.2! 8.54 0.4
3.7 1 9.45 1.0
tt.blie.Bl 1.7
3.4j11.i0| 2.3
Xoth— In Uie eoove exposition of the tides 111*
early morniug tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successivo tides of the day In the
order of occurrence »s to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third, tide, and the last or right
han<l column gives the last tide of the day, except
wbeu there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. Tfca heights given are addltlous to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
belght, and then the number given is subtractive
from lh« deDth eiven by ihe chan»-
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A ftranoh of the United Htates Hvdrographls
Offlce located in the Merchant-.' Exchanij» is
maiataned In Baa Francisco for the benefit oi
mariners without regard to nationality ana free 01
" X Nav?gaters are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hana for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocoan
commerce. M _ ,
Tbe time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
nooD. and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island,
Oal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, is
published the same day ay the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following ■;»v.
W. s. HueHE».
Lieutenant U. R. N.. Id charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrlvo'l.
SUNDAY. December 20.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 16 hours from Green
wood: lumber, to liE White Lumber Co.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and indue, to JS KimbalL
Br stmr jßarracouta, Irvine, 23 days from Pan
ama, via Acapulco 8 days So hours; ballast, to P
M S CO. v
Stmr Acapnlco, Cattarinich, 21 V2 days from
Panama, etc; pass and mdse, to P M S S Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, 4V* days
from Nanaimo; 4*91 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld s
Sons.
•< btmr Cleone. Miller, 30 hours from Eureka;
lum her anl shlnzleg. to Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr .Whitesboro, Johnson, -0 hours from
Cl>-one: wood, to L X White Lumber Co.
Schr Etta B, Madsen. 11 Hours from Fort Ross;
30 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Moro, Jorgensen, 70 hours from Coqullie
River; coal and mdse, to J 8 KimbalL
Sailed.
SUNDAY, December 20.
Btmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmi Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Bars Annie Johnson Matson, Hllo.
Blctn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu. -•: ■-
Bktn Skagit, Robertson, Port Gamble.
Schr Daisy Howe, Olsen.
bciir Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Telegraphic
POINT LOBOa Dec. 20.— 10 p. it— Weather
Clear; wind N£; velocity 8 miles.
Dome* Pom. '
BEATTLlfl— Arrived Dec 20— Baric Highland
Light, hence Dec 11 : stmr Jeanie, hence Dec IK.
ASTußlA— balled Dec 20— Ur bark DowanHill.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Point
Arena, trance Dec 19.
BO WENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec 20— Scar
Barbara Hernster. hence Dec 19.
Sailed Dec 20—Schr Newark, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Dec 20— Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
CLALLAM— In bay Dec 20— Ship Levi G Bur
gess, from Tacoma or San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES-Arrived Dec 20— Ship Sama
ria, hence Dec 1 a. an 1 sailed for Departure Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 20— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Shanghai.
COOS BAY— bailed Dec 20— stmr Homer, for
Yaquina .
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stsamsri
NEW YOKE — Arrived Dec 20-^tmr Paris, frm
Southampton; stmr Patria, from Hamburg; stmr j
Mnncben, from iJremea; stmr La Gascogne, frm I
Havre. ■
Arrived out Dec 20— Stmr La Champagne.
QUEENSTOWN— saiIed Dec 20— btmr Cam
pania, ior New York. -
DOVER— Passed Dec 2(l— Stmr Southward, frm
New York for Antwerp,
Importations.
FORT BRAGG— Per Noyo— s sks potatoes, Ibx
OCEAN TBATEL
PACIFIC COAST_STEASISHIP CO.
STKAMKRS LEAVK BROADWAY AfA m
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -MlmmC
For Mar y Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, 'Jnneau, Kll- I
llsuoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Dec. 10, 20.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratoom (Bellinnham Bay. Wash.). 9a. m.
Dec. 6, 10, 16. 20, 28, 30, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. It
X., atTa-ooi* with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
I*. Ky., at Port T«wus«nd with Alaska steamers.
For i lirt'ka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßar), sir. Pomona '2 p. m., D •<•. 3, 7,11, 14, !
19. 83. 27, 31. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Hunia Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, .Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 8 a. m.
Dec. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17. 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For an Diego, stopping only at Port Hanorl
(San Lints Obispo), >anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
relea, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. DecS, 7, 11, 15, 19, 21, 27, SI, and every fourth
day thereafter. - --; -•-..•:•- •?■*.■■*■*■■■*!■'*>»■-.
For Enseußda, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. Ssth of each month.
lbe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates, i Tioket office— Palace Uotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Geni Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN x>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T?TT/* lB First-class 1 Including
J? xk.XVJIiIS6 Seoond-class /berth «fe mea'a
SCHEDULK OF BAILINGS:
State of California.. ...... Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8
Columbia .....Dec. 14, 24, Jao-3
Through tickets and through baggage to aU
Kastera points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Ascent.
6SO Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent*
OCEANIC 8.8. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII/ SAMOA, LZ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI .v
AUSTRALIA. \s?S.3. AUSTRALIA.
as. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tue-
sday, December 29, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
t*. a. MaklPusA sails via HONOLULU »ad
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, January
7, at 2 P. M. .
~- Liuetoi OOLOARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South A trio a.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office. 327 Market st, San Fnmcisco.
COMPAGHIE GENERAL TRMSATLiJITIQUI,
French Linrto Havr<». ~-.\j-
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH /WB
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by &£3afe
Ibis line avoid both transit hy English railway inS
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. - New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Pan*
tirsi-clas.islt>i>: becond-cli«* $lltii.
LA GASCOUNK Dec. 28, 5 a. M.
LA 8RKTA0NK.... .............. Jan. 2 s*. i,
LA NORMAN DIE Jan . 9 9A m
LA CHAMPAGNE.... ......... Jan. 16. 10 a £'
LABOURUOUNK .::.. Jan. 23. tf 1£
• , *■ • *i>f Junber particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Anm.
■"W0, .8. Bowling Green, New York.
j. F, FUOAZI 4 CO.. Agent* 6 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco, - ■ ■ "»«kt
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
8V5. 5?5J!&; .J^pSSSMj
MOT Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
: Iha only Hue mating through rates on Valla.
Road freight. »«u^
— ■■■ ■■_-■■■■■■- HOUUBKb
T. C. Walker, J. D. p. taM
Mary OarrattV City of Sto^ktoa.
Telephoue Main 803. Cau Nay. ana Imm. U.
TALLEJO AMD U. S. MAVI-YARD.
STKAMEU ''MONTIt'ELLO."
Dally ex. Bat. <kSun_ »10:30 A.M., 4 and 9:30 p. v. I
Saturdays..... „ •10:30 a. m., 4 p. m.
5unday5....... ...... ......;.;.:.■„.:...;. :....8 p. m. '
Landing Mission-stree- Dock, Pier 2.
;, Telephone Black 281.
•Excursion trip, giving it hours at Navy- Yard.
FOR JOSE; LOS GATOS & SANTA CRUZ
AMER ALVISO * LEAVES PIER 1 MOX-
V U M y> ed . I "' Bday ' Friday.at 10 a.m. Alviso
M.ondav.\Wpdntsday, Fnday, at 6 p. ' m i: . Freieht
and Passenger. . Fare between San Francisco and '
Alvlso, 50c; £to San Jose, 75c. - clay «- Pier 1. I
20 W. bant, Cl«» St., Sao Jose. W"* J
• ■ .}■- - . ..._- ■ >:-■.--,..■■. •■  - -. ■ . -..„.-. ' . ■ ■: ■ :■■■■-.■■
salmon. 4 cs tcdse. 4 cs ooouand shoe*, 1 trunic,
15 bs hardware, 5 cs whiskey, 23 cs empty bottles,
Ibx gun, 9 bb s empty - bottles, 2 bxs axes. 2cs
elect eoods. . 8.804 ft lunv or. --.--.-.-
COQUI I JLE i IVKK-I'er More— llo tons coal
50 ciia matchwood, 100 b Its broom handles.
Consignees. , '
i Per Mo.o— J - Kin ball- J H Newbauer & Co; X
H Newbury; Hulme it Hart. ' \
i Per Novo— Porter, Slessiiiger <fc Co; Home of them
Friendless: A A Armstrong: J Wlntzen; H R-rieri m
California Saw Works; F W Fr athy: J Wlisoni I
13aker& Hamilton: Miller, Sloss &. Scott : Union
Lumber Co; \V Martinson; E A Fargo & Co.
RAIt.RO AT* TRAVBTtJ
SOrTHKRN PAOIVIC CO»PA.\T.
{f ACJFIO SYSTEM.)
Train* leave nn«l Mi-e due to nrrlve al
SAN IRAN. IS< '«».
vk-From November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896-ARjtrvi
•6:00 a Niles, Ban Jose and Way Station* £4sT
7.«0a Atlantis Express, Ogilen aud K»dt ' Sliai
7«OOa Benida, Vacavilie, Rumsey. Sacra!
mento. Ororille and Redding ria
Davis B>4itm
7i30 a Kartinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, if aral TOF
Caliitoga and Santa Rosa. ' ' <••«,
•iSOa Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone *
Sacramento, MarysTiUe and Had
Bluff... Jiiii-
•B:Boa Peters and Milton ".'." •7iitt.
9:00 a New Orleans KxprMS, Rayuiond (for
Yosemite), l'resno. liakeralield,
Santa Barbara, I.os Anyeles, Dem-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4i4g»
•:00a Martinez and Stockton ; '. '";'. 4 .4 « I
•iOOa Vallejo "......." V*ill
Nites, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton , 7-13p
•l:00p Sacramento River Steamers *9iOO»
fI:80p Port Costa and Way Stations.... ♦7545»
«««Op Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, C'alistoga. El Verano and
m Sautaßosa »:I3»
4:«0p Benicia, Vacarille, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
' m«. 'Hie and Sacramento 11:1*4
#:3Op Niles, San Jose and Livermore. . . . 8:411 a.
■««30pLos Angeles Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los Js£i£?QQ
Au;,'elrs Ioi4Ba
4iBop Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
» -.» for Mojave and East 10:45 a
o:oor Lnrorean Mail, Ogdeu and Kust 0:15*
6:00p Hiiywartts, Nilesand San J05e...... 7:43 a
t7:oop Valiejo . t7:45?
7«00p Oregon Kxrress.Sarriiinento, Marys-
TiUe. Heading, Portland, Pnget
„„ Sound and liaat llilSa.<
Hlo:o3p"Sicset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
antlEagt §12»4a»
SAM A «U> IHVIsIQN (Xarrow (^ange;. "~*
■«1»a Newarlt,Center*illo,Saii,losoFclton, H[
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way I 1
Stations StOtfH.
•»»13p Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jose," New B ■"
Almaden, Felton, Bonlder, Creek, "a r
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «]| :80a
4:13p Newark, Han Jose and Los Catos 9:-~>oa
<11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations {7:20r
<;(>AST VISION (Third X Tounsoml StT7T~
6:45 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New *
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)...,.,. lx3or
SilCa Sau .lose, Tres l'iuos, S iutu Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Oliispn, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7iOSp
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations BtOSp
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3i3op
•«:30r San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose.
Gilruy, Trea Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey and PacificGrove *1O:4Oa,
■S:»»pBan Jose and Way Stations 9:30 a
•4:30f San Jose anil Way Stations »8:10 a
0:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations "N:soa
6: SO p San Jose and Way Statious 6::isa.
tll:4.>i' San Jose and Way Stations t7:4»p
SAX LiEAMJKO A.NU HAHVAKDS LOCAL.
»*6:ooa "I ~ ( 7:15 a
8:00 a c»:4sa
iHSa Melrose,Sein! B «nrPtrk, J^g*
"i!o«P Fitchbßrg,S«iLe«dro «{J«*
8:00p » d - 4:4.1p
4:00p BDU ' 5:45*
5:00p HaTwards. 6:1. 1p
»:30p iwywiras. 7:4Jp
7:«0p S:4sp
8:00p . _ „ . . „,, »:4»p
9:00p < Rons through to NUei. 10:30p
tfll:ls > < From Niles. ttl2:Oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN mHCIECO— of Market Street (SUp 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 {3:00
*4:00 15:00 *6:00p.u.
From OAKUIID— Foot of Bretdwiy.— *6:00 8K)0
10:00 a.M. 1.12:00 . *l:00 »:03 *3:00 ti:ofl
_ «5:03r.M. ■ _^
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Bsturday night* only.
and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursday*
SUV FRASCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Uiuon Ferry-Foot of Market 41.
Ban Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK BAYS— 9:00, 11:00 A. it: 13:5%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra tria k
at 11:30 p. >c Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i| IV
and 11:30 p. v. . xF^
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 A. M.; 1:30. 3:3%
6:00. 6:'iO p. K.
San Kafanl to *t*n Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a.m.:
12:45, 8:40, 6:10 p. K. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 P. jc. "
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, 6:25 p. H.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park saiaa
schedule as above.
.Leave " tti»«ii« Arrive
Ban Francisco. oct? 14? Ban Francisco,
VkMC I Sun- u-ifiUZiior. BOX- I Wl«'
Pats. | pays. "*»"aatlon. I>ATa> [ AYS ,
♦ :S0 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 a^
8:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 All
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Bcsa. 7:35 pmj 6:22 r*
Fulton,
VIBOAX Windsor, .. 10:2»a«
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:90 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:8» PM 6:21 p<
_ : " " Pleta, '
- Hopland A
T :3O am 8:00 AM Ukiah. 7:35 Mi 6:2lpm
7:80 am 10:25 All
8:00 am QuernsTUle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:23
f :80 am 8K)0 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 am 18:00 AMI 8 . bu1 . n . 1 110:40 am] 10:2 > aj|
B:3opm|s:oopml B «i D »«opo'- I 6:1Q PM I 6:22
States connect at Santa Kosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Slcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Keiseyville, Soda Bar and i^akeport; a*
Hopland for l>akeport and Bartiett Springs; at
TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bias
lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottef
Valley. Joan Day's,* Riverside, Llerley's, Buck*
nells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hul!vii>. Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, West port, Usa!, Willets, Cahto, Co-
Telo, Lay tonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redooeit
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* b»>
fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle ban<slag>
B. a WHITINO, B. X. BY AS.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agsjfc^
Atlantic -
BAILKOAO I^^^^^^^
Trains leave aud arrlvi stjßj^^^^Hß
Market-Street Ferry. raE^SJfi
mn FE EXPRESS. WoM&si
To Chicago via A. * F.\sS^^C^jlM
IMrcict Lino *^o*Hfß%^^^KJ^Eß
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrvlne Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourl«
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chiww
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Sb
. Louis.
Boston Recursions, via Kansas City, Chicago
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust; interesting scenery,
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
JL63 I .Oakland . 1118 Broadway.
lOETH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
•tuna Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 1891
WEEKDAY*
Tor Mill Valley ''< and San : Kaiael— «38, "9:l*
ILuO a. U. '1:45, 3:45, •6:16. •3:45,6:30 r.tl
Extra trips for Bum Kafael on Mondays, Wedne*
days and Saturdays a: 11 :30 p. M. •
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley »nd Son Bafael— *B:oo, •10:01
•11:30 a. M. : *1;KO, 3:00, »4:30. 6:16». M.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations -7:25 a. »
Weekdays, 8:00 a. M. Sundays. 1:45 it. M. .-ata*
•*y*-""' ■ ■■•'••-'! '■<•■" ■ ■ :
1- sr Casadero and war stations— 7 : 25 A. M. *••»
gay» 1:45 r. v. Saturdays. ; ————A
MOUNT ™ALPAIS^
Trains connect with North Pacifls
Coast Railroad.
WEKK-DAYb- S. F. 9:15 a. M. *"***•'*
Keiiimlng— H.V. 3:25 P M. 6:wf. m.
SUNDAYS— Leave B.F. Ba. M 11:30 a. m. I :3j> PM.
Returning— Arrives.*'. 1:1 op. M i:2O p.m. 7:40 r.m
•rickets for sale In Mill Valley or _ _
THO-. COOK <fc tOSS, 621 Market St., **•
i HIU VaJltr and Meaal Xamaisali s*»aie A*U«*»TO MAKE A
VIGOROUS FIGHT
Christian Endeavorers Will
Argue on Sunday
Closing.
The War Against the Saloons
to Be Prosecuted in All
the Churches.
Petition to Have the Matter Sub
mitted to the People Next
March.
Oaxlakd Office Bah Feancisco Call.)
90S Broadway, Dec. 20. j
The promoters of the movement to close
the saloons in this city on Sunday will
present their petitions to the City Council
at its meeting Monday evening requesting
that body to submit the question to the
electors at the regular municipal election
in the spring.
This is quite a surprise, as it is only ten
days ago it became known such a move-
ment was afoot, and even now it is not
known wno is at the back of the worK.
the city to-day the cnurcii
i ocrs were requested to sign the following,
Avhich goes before the Council to-morrow
"^vening:
To the Honorable, the City Council of the City
o/ Oakland, County of Alameda. State of Caii
fornia—Gentlemen: The undersigned resi
deutß and voters of the City of Oakland re
spectfully petition your honorable body to
pass an ordinance or take such other action
as you may deem proper and necessary In
order to submit to the voters of the city of
Oakland at the approaching municipal e'.ec
tion the question of the closing from each
Saturday night at 11 o'clock to the ensuing
Monday morning at 6 o'clock of all places in
said city where spirituous, malt or fermented
liquors or vines are sold at retail. And your
petitioners will ever pray.
In a sermon on "The New Enlistment"
this morning, the Rev. C. W. Hill, pastor
of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church, East
Oakland, referred to the saloon, claiming
that it struck at the civil life, at the
schools, at the church, at tbe home and at
the maniiood. Like the Israelites, tbe
people of to-day must meet their enemy
in its stronghold and dislodge it. A new
enlistment has been ordered under the
Anti-saloon League and it is hoped that
all Israel will be found numbered. Con
tinuing, he said:
"Theie is a prospect of a great battle
with the liquor power in Oakland. I hope
later through the Anti-Saloon League on
t.'^e proposition of driving the saloons out
entirely. But just now on the proposi
tion of Sunday closing. The last attempt
failed. Why? One or two councilmen
weakened. They said they did not know
whether the people wanted Sundayclosing
or not. The C. E. petitions did not satisfy
them. Now we come upon another plan,
asking for an election for an expression of
opinion."
SUNG SWEET MELODIES
Pupils at the Blind Institute in
Berkeley Give a Sacred
Concert.
Tiie Auditorium of the Building
Crowded to Overflowing With
Appreciative Listeners.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 20.— 1t was a
large and appreciative audience that
gathered this afternoon at tne State Insti
tute for the Deaf and Dumb and Blind in
Berkeley to listen to the midwinter sacred
concert of the blind children. Long
before the hour set for tbe beginning of
the exercises the large auditorium, which
has a capacity of 1200, was filled to the
doors. Scores and scores of people were
P"* * REV to-dat.
(g _ - A quarter-sawed 0 , fx :i *
: ;^%}r^r~ oak or dainty birds- |H§^ •f^ rr^
. . Tfyfy*! 1 ' A eye maple desk //^'^i
s . #|Kjf; for $4. .. Myj^vl
ll A wXMfSfi ; This -is the dcsk — in / / HR^C^t
■ : I 'J^lffl • " the Pictures. The in- J: I . ifflij^r~~vLlliJ! y.
\\ Lls^, ! i'3P side as a hand y lAV J^s?***& jj^|§
• OpVHji^^jJHS * pigeon-hole arrange- '^^feS^j==-|S^
~ v "'< n,-^ ment. :'•. ''£!?•'
->^. *W> —.a \ The same pattern in it/ !|?jh .^i
ff&fjli *™ — - real mahogany (ye- /jp#L '-SSI
: peered, of course) $3.75. MJaVJI^^V *;.
i Jf^jf' A full-size desk JfYJ^W\
It "^^^L 1 . at the price of a / jErSf y
[i ; \ Sp^SS ' to y what it ii Ife m
* tui-^^^p! amounts to. ■(■ ; iL*S^3
. Cr^. .-^^B" r ' Now, don't key your "^f^fe"
{/$ imagination too high. gv
, y^pt ltH-I^l We're only furniture s£' h> -^^1
''K%^^. dealers — not Santa fO\^a j , ;"" —^
■%=Y^s^3i Claus— and we don't
... -// y^ i *.. ]f\ ' sell the desks at a loss. ■//'■y^T^W
j &" — rSjfft_V"! All we can say is : /, i 'g-^---/
v// .-! J OISI • San Francisco 7/ I '|^ f/\
•- VO^^l never had such a J WJI^SI
. t^%^ price-treat before.
;-• . :gjj' t .-. This is merely a hint ft#f
-: --J^ l^St! of what awaits you. _& |t> • -~.i\
" ' /\so ._ -* The prettiest and clev- \jttS , *■». .
. y~\Sg^£^gk crest bits of furniture yj^j^£~z
•' (I V^* /i getable are gathered jj %y ' .: f\ '
// *—- -=- I world-wide and housed / Ll_./|
c d // lir^ir^ here for your Christ- // : pto^/r<i
%// yL^JIU mas giving. ■ '_ .. /■/| Ml^lfer
H^l \\ £$^^ihb| Come andenjoyJU (p'.uf^ pi 1
' U3Jr ß^^l®| them ! [ \U:^^B ' -
■ 3^7^_fj~*-~ Open evenings. ' 7^^>7?^"Jf=^'
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpets .
117 Geary Street UxMnu
turned away because of the lack of room i
The afternoon was a beautiful one, and
frienas of the institution had come from
all sections of the immediate community,
as well as from Oakland and San Fran
cisco.
A long programme of purely sacred
music was rendered, and each selection
was received with much applause. But
few encore^ were responded to because of
the length of the performance. It was a
delightful afternoon with sucti masters as
Verdi, Schubert, Liszt, Marsh, Smart,
Wieniawski, Handel, Gounod, Capocci,
Himmel, Sherwood, Bach, Corey and
Haydn.
A feature of the exercises was the sing
ing and playing of Miss Gussie Mast, Vie
marvelously clever and versatile per
former whose renditions have marked
j each concert at the institute for the past
four or five years. Besides singing three
difficult solos, she rendered two equally
classic piano and pipe-organ selections.
Miss Mast possesses a rich, we!J culti
vated soprano voice, with an unusually
! wide range. She gives promise of becom
! ing a worthy successor of Miss Christine
Labaraque, tbe blind lady singer who, after
graduating from the institute, took a de
gree from the State University, and who
should be familiar to all who are in touch
with tue State school.
The riano quartet of Ml«s Helen Mesow,
Mixs Lena Lrickson, Master Charles Co
ceres and Master John Fish, all of whom
are under 13 years of age and who had
never performed in pub;ic before, was
much appreciated.
Another piano quartet, "Hallelujah
Chorus," arranged by Professor Otto
Fleissner, the musical director of the in
stitution, was well rendered by Misses
i Kate Stollberg and Hattie Young and
Masters Eben Gay and Lucien Baciga
! lupi. Tbe other selections on the pro-
I gramme, in theirorder'of rendition, were as
follows: Pilgrim Chorus from "Lombardi"
(Verdi); piano solo, "Serenade" (Schu- j
| bert-Liszt), Thomas Morrison: organ solo, j
Allegro Moderato in D (Smart), Mis-
Liiy Smith ; soprano so o, ''The Lord Is!
My Lig'.it ' (Marsh), Miss Gussie Mast; I
violin solo, "Kuss'an Airs" (Wieniawski),
Miss Madeline Beckhausen; piano solo,
"Impromptu," op. 90, No. 4 (Schubert),
Miss Gussie Mas;; organ solo, "Medita
tion" (Capocci), Master Thomas Morri
son; barytone solo, "Tlie Battle Prayer"
(Himmei), William Brooks; piano solo,
"The Nun and the Fountain" (Sherwood),
Miss Lily Smith ;| "Aye Maria," soprano,
violin, organ, piano (Gounod-Bach),
' Miss Gussie Mast and Miss Lillie
| Smith, and Messrs. Henry Heyman
j and Otto Fleissner; organ solo "Nazareih"
'(Gouno:), arranged by George E. Whit
! ney, Miss Giusie Mast; chorus, "Great Ia
the Lord" (Haydn). The audience joined
with the chorus in singing thedoxol* gy.
By request from a number ot the au
dience. Miss Mast sang "The Holy City"
immediately after her organ solo.
The school will close for thle Cnristmas
vacation on the 24th. Exercises will be
resumed on January 4..
For Starving Indiana.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 20.— The citi
zens of Berkeley are taking a deep and
active interest in the cause of the starving
millions in India ana have organized for
the systematic collection of "corn and
coin" for the unfortunate Asiatics. A
"famine fund" committee has been organ-
I ized and at the sugeestion of President
I Kellogg ot the State University the foilow
; ing five gentlemen will be asked to consti
| tute a board of managers for the fund, it
; being tne purpose of tho projectors to ex
j tend their work of collecting over the en
tire coast with Berkeley as the center of
activity :
Mayor Sutro of San Francisco, Hon.
Horace Davis, Captain Goodnll, J. J. Val
entine, president of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
and Frank M. Wilson of Berkeley. Sev
eral of ths gentlemen named have already
been consulted as to serving on the board,
and have cheerfully accepted the trust.
W. W. Clark of Berkeley has been chosen
general manager of the fund, and in out
lining the system of collection which will
be adopted he said to-day:
"We have had 100 subscription blanks
struck off, which will be placed in tbe
Lands of responsible parties for circula
tion.
All banks of commercial standing will
be constituted as depositories for these
funds. All funds subscribed through the ■
collectors or banks will be drawn on and |
forwarded in money or food. The work
of collection will begin at once. We have
about $300 on hand now, and we hope! to
soon have $3000 and as much more as pos
sible."
Catholics Uegent Dr. Wendte'a Bounty.
Company Nof the League of the Cros3
resents Dr. Wendte's offer to the public
libraries of a contribution in the form of a
Catholic paper, standing on its rights as a
taxpayer to have Catholic papers furnished
at the public expense, and such as will
represent the Catholic sentiment on the
coast. The company officers have drawn
up resolutions to this effect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
MERCHANTS ALONE
ARE TO BLAME
Why Oaklanders Cross the
Bay to Do Their Holi
day Purchasing.
The Tunnel Under the Estuary
Will Soon Be Declared a
Necessity.
Splendid Future Promised for the New
Electric Railroad to Liver.
more.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec. 20. f
In the early part of each afternoon hun
dreds of ladies from this side of the bay
depart for San Francisco with heavy
purses and empty arms. Toward evening
they as regularly return laden with every
conceivable kind of package and bringing
i home empty pur es. It ia no exaggeration
; to say that from $2000 to $4000 is spont by
, Oakland women in San Francisco every
! day of the year, and in holiday time this
; sum is no doubt trebled. To offset this it
How the Oakland Lady Goes to
San Francisco.
has been proposed to organize a league,
the members of which bind themselves to
purchase only in Oakland. Such amove
is at once foolish and a confession that by
crossing the bay more satisfaction can be
obtained. The fault is not to be remedied
by any such method. People will invari
ably patronize those places of business
where they know they can get the most
satisfaction for their money. The fault
lies with the merchants. They may or
ganize boards of trade and merchants'
exchanges and leagues of progress till
doomsday and they will not keep custom
on this side the bay by such methods.
As a matter of fact, the Oakland store
keeper, by paying less rent than is de
manded of laree storekeepers in San
Francisco, can place the same goods on
the market at a lower price, and in many
instances this is done. But the people do
not snow it. W T hat is needed is, not home
industry leagues, but genuine enterprise
on the part of the storekeepers. With all
its boasted volume of trede there are not
at this time six merchants of this city
who are making known through the ordi
nary channels what they have to offer the
public. They seem to be content to hide
And How She Comes Back.
in their stores like a snail in its shell, and
as a result the city's progress is somewhat
in keeping with tbe pace of that animal.
People in this city who want to go shop
ping are not fond of taking a cold trip
across the bay, in addition to the long
trip by a tedious train before they read,
the ferry-boat. When they are informed
that they can get more for a dollar in Oak
land than they can at San Francisco then
they will purchase at home. The blame is
not with them but with those who cater
to them.
After the experience of the past week it
must be ad mitted thai Oakland is a critical
city in the matter of music and the
drama. On several occasions since the
opening of the Macdonough opportunity
has arisen to judge of the taste of local
theater-goers, but during the past month
there have been enough instances to form
a reliable opinion. It has been demon
strated that no company that cannot com
mand good business in San Francisco
need attempt to try to paJtn themselves
off on Oakland. Th« Katie Emmett Com
pany did not appear across the bay for
obvious reasons, and in this city it proba
bly paid for lighting the house, but no
more. During the past week an opera
company has been at the theater, but it
was very sparsely patronized; but such
patronage as it was accorded was cerlainly
all that it deserved. In strong contrast to
these occasions must be mentioned the
visit of Mme. Zei«sler, Miss Helen Beach
Yaw, the Delia Fox Company and Loie
Fuller. All these attractions were legiti
mate and Oakland showed :ts appreciation
of them. Wuen such artists as De Wolf
Hopper, Mme. Nordica, Modjeska, Ada
Reban, Wilton Lackaye and others of sim
ilar caliber occupy the boards they never
have the dissatisfaction of seeing empty
seats.
While it is not to be supposed that there
will be a subway beneath the estuary for
several years, there can be no doubt but
that such a method is the only legitimate
solution of the problem of travel to the
further shore of that body of water. In
foggy weather, and with shaky bridges,
there will always be some likelihood Of an
accident to passing trains, not only those
crossing the bridges, but those that cross
at right angles to each other on First
street.
It required some very serious accidents
on the Mersey before the immense tunnel
was built between Liverpool and Birken
head, and there are no more foggy days in
Lancastershire uuring the winter than on
the bay of San Francisco. At the present
time there is not the travel between Oak- j
land and Alameda or .Oakland and San |
Fmncisco via Alameda that there was be- i
tween the :wo citie3 on the Mersey when
thftt jubway was built, but each year is
seeing a marked increase in local "travel, j
and sooner or later a tunnel will be a j
necessity.
An argument equally as forcible in favor j
of a tunnel is tne enormous increase of j
Oakland's shipping interests. More car
goes have been handled witcin the past I
month at Oakland wharves than in any I
three months of the city's history. At
the present time an average of about
twenty ships per day pass through the
bridges, and this number is gradually in- |
creasing. As the narrow-cauge trains
cross every half hour, and as it takes
nearly that time for a large vesstl to be
safely navigated througn the draw, the
time is not far distant when a narrow
gauge time-table will be a useless mass of
figures.
Colonel Bridges, who is considered an
authority on such matters, has prepared
plans which are based on a knowleee of i
the conditions, and it is the wish of every j
person living on either side of the estuary i
that they may soon be followed out. If it j
can now be shown that the building of the j
tunnel would not cost more in proportion j
to its increased value as regards traffic
than an adequate steel drawbridge, the
main point in its favor will have been
gained.
The encouraging news that work has
been actually commenced on the proposed
electric road between this city and Liver
ruore will be received with marked satis
faction by the iarmers who live along its
route, which is north of the county road
and south of the foothills. The success
which has attended the Haywards electric
road, is a sufficient guarantee that when a
new road to Livermore is in operation it
will develop much territory now lying
idle and add largely to the productive ele
ment of the population. Before the Hay
war ds line waa opened, the county road,
except where the town of San Leandro is
situated, was practically deserted be
tween Fruitvale and Haywards. At the
present time little settlements are to be
found everywhere; the thriving town of
Elmhurst has been incorporated where
formerly was not a single nouse, and there
ia not a stretcn of more than a few blocks
along the whole distance tnat is not in
habited. Undoubtedly the same result
would follow the opening of a road to
Livermore. With the developments at
Corral Hollow and the gradually increas
ing population in that neighborhood, such
a line has a bright future. Should the
projector Mrs. Cunningham of the Liver
more League of Progress to establish a
produce exchange in this city De carripd
out, the ranches south of the foothills
would most certainly take advantage of
such a opportunity to place their prod
uce in a good market.
Stuart W. Booth.
LOCAL OPTION CAMPAIGN.
The Anti-Saloon League Will Ask That
the City Charter Be Amended
This Spring.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 20.— The Board
of Trustees will be requested by a lengthy
petition to amend the city charter in such
a manner that the question of licensing
saloons will be placed upon the ballot at
every general election. The anti-saloon
league has the matter in hand and will
make every effort to secure an unbiased
vote upon the proposition.
The agitators in this movement are pre
paring to secure an enactment that will
prohibit all saloons in such political
division of the towns as vote against hav
ing them, and permitting them where a
majority of the voters favor them. This
idea is favored by a large number of busi
ness men who do not want saloons in the
residence neighborhood, but do favor, or
at least do not object to them, in the busi
ness part of the City.
Petitions are now in circulation that will
be presented to the trustees at the proper
time. It will have the backing of all the
religious and semi-religious organizations
as well as parties whose residence property
is affected by the present order of tilings*.
Thinking of Others.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 20.— The com
mittee in charge of the work of caring for
the poor families of this city, under the
supervision of the Christian Endeavor
Union, desires that all who have anything
in the way of toys, food, fuel, clothing,
etc., for them would leave the same at tne
vacant store adjoining the Argus office.
Money may be left at the bank, with Mr.
Tabor.
LAWMAKERS IN CONFLICT.
Too Much Anxiety Shown to Secure the
Approval of West Oakland Residents.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 20.— There is
tome friction among the members of the
Alameda County delegation in the next
Legislature. The cause of it is that
standing nuisance, the West Oakland
marsh, and a general desire on the part of
too many members of the delegation to
have it suppressed.
Senator-elect Fred Stratton has given
notice that he is preparing a bill that will
allow of the doing away with such
nuisances. As tne West Oakland marsh
is situated in the Assembly district of
Oscar Breiling and the Senatorial district
of Eli Dennison, it is thought that these
two gentlemen should be permitted to at
tend to it. Mr. Breiling is preparing a
bill for introduction to the Assembly,
which Senator Dennison will carry to the
Senate, and there is likely to be some
strained feeling over the two bills. It is
moat probable, however, that when Sen
ator Straiton is informed of the true state
of affairs, he will withdraw his own bill
and work in support of that of the mem
ber from West Oakland.
Buddhiot Monasteries.
Count Wachtmeister delivered an interest-
Ing lecture on Little Thibit before the Thec
sophical Society last evening in Native Sons'
Hall. In the course of his remarks he said
that the city of Ladakah, in Northern India, is
the center of the great school of Buddhism
called Mahay ana. Id and around this city are
many Buddhist monasteries presided over by
its divine head, each monastery claiming the
incarnation of some Buddhist satwa us patron
sair.t. Count Wai'h (master s-pent several
months visiting these mona>teries and inves
tigating the religious teachings, rites and cere
n oines of the people. Miss Coicoran's Rong,
••With Verdure Ciart," from Haydn's "Crea
tion," waa well received.
SAALBURG IS A
LONDON LION
How a San Francisco Boy
Won Fame as a Car
toonist.
A Princely Salary for Being a
Genius With Colors and
Presses.
Phenomenal Success of a Man Who
Was But Recently a Lithog
raper in This City.
Charles W. Saalburg, a San Francisco
boy, has recently made a great hit by lm
newspaper illustrations in Londo i, where
he commands a princely salary with the
Acme Art Company, having left the New
York World, greatly to the regret of its
proprietors.
Only a few years ago this genius was a
humble workman in a San Francisco
lithographer's shop, but he soon became
prominent on a cartoon daily, holding the
position of illustrator until its indecent
cartoons offended his taste, after which he
went :o Chicago and made a decided hit
on the Inter Ocean, where his "Vanishing
City," in colors, became famous.
Color work of a hk'h grade is Saalburg's
specialty. He is the patentee of a process
by which half a dozen or more colors may
be run on a newspaper press at one time.
He achieved fame in New York by getting
out 500,000 colored sheets in three days,
tbe shorte.-t lime on record.
In London, where he recently located,
he found slow presses and inadequate
means of making colored papers.
He foun'l such slow machinery that it
would require four months to do work
which his American presses could turn
out in three days. The Acme Company
induced him to remain in London. They
have ordered American machinery and
are putting up special buildings for the
work and all will be under Saalburg's
supervision.
So popular was one of Mr. Saalburg's
C "W. SAALBURG, a Former San Francisco Lithographer, Who
Is Now a Famous London Newspaper Artist.
cartoons on McKinley and the tariff that
the President-elect invited the artist to
dine with him last year, and a strong
friendship at once sprang up between the
statesman and the artist. Saalburg's work
is now the talk of Europe.
JORDAN FOR PRESIDENT
Directors of the Academy of
Sciences Are Renom
inated.
No Opposition Is Anticipated at tbe
Forthcoming Election Early ia
January.
The annual election of officers of the
California Academy of the Sciences will
be held at the academy hall January 4,
1897. So far there has been no sign of the
usual campaign among the scientific
people of this institution, and it is said
there will be no contest at the coming
election, a fact which has become possible
through the able management of Professor
Jordan of Stanford University, who has
been president of the academy for tbe past
year.
The nominating committee held a meet
ing Saturday afternoon at the office of the
trustees and toot action on the new ticket.
All the present officers were renominated,
but a few names will have to be added to
the list to complete the ticket.
Lucius H. Foote, treasurer of the acad
emy, said that he bad not heard of any
thing like opposition to the regular ticket.
''It is our earnest desire to lift the acad
emy above little politics, and I believe it
is out of politics now," he continued.
"Under the wise administration of Dr.
Jordan the academy has made much
progress during the year and accom
plished far more than it receives credit
for at home. The curators are each and
every one doing excellent work, ana there
is no fi^sht of any kind within tbe institu
tion. With the new ticket there can
hardly be opposition, as Dr. Jordan for
president will not have an opponent. The
only change will be in the director of the
museum, Mr. Davis having died some time
since, and there will be another director
instead of Mr. W. C. Burnett. But beyond
those changes there is no reason for dis
satisfaction toward the ticket."
The new board will likely be as follows:
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president; Wil
liam E. Ritter, first vice-president; Dr. H.
H. Behr, second vice-president; J. 08.
Gunn, corresponding secretary; G. P.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
% limiU y^JJr - //>■/» r, "• J'ffli ■
limll* /STY s/iPsr „ lt n
Auction Sales
ART SALE !
At Auction.
M. STRAUS, Artist,
Has Instructed Us to Sell His Entire Collec-
tion, comprising
125—125-125-125
Oil Paintings and Sketches.
IN THE MAPLE HALL,
On the First Fioor of the Palace Hotel.
AUCTION~SALES :
TUESDAY at 2:30 and 7:4s o'clock P. n.,
December 22d.
WEDNESDAY at 2:30 and 7:*5 o'clock
P.M., December 23d.
FREE EXHIBITION
MOXDAY, December 81, 1896. from 9:30
a. it. to 9:30 p? m. air. M. Straus has a
prominent standing among the artists of this
State. He is a very honest and faithful de-
lineator of nature, and is very pleasing In an
eat?uded variety of subjects extending over
Landscapes, Fruit, Still Life, -Marine, Ani-
mals, etc.
Do not forget the days and hoirs of the
auction sales. Catalogues at Maole Hall,
.Palace Hotel, and at our off! c. This collec-
tlon presents an elegant opportunity from
which to select Christmas toke.ns.'
EASTON. EtDBIDGE A CO.,
638 Market St. Auctioneers.
THEiBASCH AUCTIOT COSPASY. Inc.
31&-331 SUTTEB" STKrJKT.
Bet. Grant aye. and Stockton St. Tele. Grant 87.
I WILL SKLL THIS DAY,
MONDAY, December 21, 1896, at 10:30 A. M., at
above salesrooms, a large d*sor. ment of fine house-
hold furniture, carpets, linoleum, stoves, ranees,
crockery, glassware, el c. : also, a handsome office
outfit* cons sting of 1 roll-top and 3 flat-top desks,
Bea:her office chairs, rues, pictures, bookcases,
Icreens, typewriter, de»*, etc., etc. .
■ = • ■ A BASCH. Auctioneer.
Riiford, recording secretary; Charles R.
Keeler, librarian; Charles F. Crocker, W.
S. Keyes, E. J. Molera, George C. Perkins,
W. a. Chapman and Granvilie W. Stew
art, truste s. A few additions, however,
remain to be made.
A regular meeting; of the academy will
be held this evening at 7:30 o'clock. Har
old W. Fairbanks, Ph. D.. will give a lec
ture ent tied "An Outline of the Geo
logical History of California." The
lecture will be illustrated with lantern
slides from photographs and original
drawings.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Const Champion Riordan and E, Ma
loney Defeat Amateur Champion
Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet.
Every seat in tbe San Francisco Hand
ball Court was occupied yesterday after
noon, as it was known that at least two
games of more than usual interest would
be played.
The one that roused the greatest inter
est was between John Riordan, the coast
champion, and E. Maloney and P. T.Don
nelly, the amateur champion, and T. F.
Bonnet. Riordan was evidently smarting
tinder his defeat of the previous Sunday, as
he played one of the finest t ames seen in
the court, and he and his partner carried
off the honors. In the other game R.
Linehan and J. J. Feeney defeated J.
Harlow and M. J. Kilgalion.
The hitting on both sides was terrific,"
and the service of Kilgalion was splendid.
M. McNeil and Phil Ryan also played a
great game against Dan Hodgers and R.
Shea, beating them by two games to one,
much to their surprise and wrath.
The Union Court was opened yesterday
under the new management, and a few
fames were played, but no scores were
ept. The wet weather in the beeinning
of last week interfered with the plastering
of the walls, but it is expected that all the
improvements will be finished before next
Sunday.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco Court :
J. Brannlck and 1\ Barrett defeated H. Mof
fitt aud J. O'l^eary, 21—12, 14—21. 21—19. M.
Maguite and J. Hussey defeated W. Hausman
and G. Maguire, 21—15. 17—21, 21—20. L.
Hinze and J. McDonnell deteated J. Vo
gelsang and J. Hinze, 21—13, 16—21,
21—19. M. McNeil and P. Ryan defeated
I>. Kodgers ana R. Sne«. 21—13, 16—21, 21—
19. T. Kyau and E. Monyhan doieated M. Mc-
Laughlin and W. Darius, 21—14, 17—21,
21—20. E. Toy and W. Hamilton defeated W.
Bascn and J. Collins, 21—15, 17—15, 21—19.
R. Liuehan and J. Feeuey defeated J.
Harlovr and M. J. Killgalon, 21—14,18—21,
21—20. J. Riordan and £1 Maloney deteated
P. T. Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet, 21—12,
14—21, 21—19.
McKinley Appreciative.
The following is self-explanatory:
Canton, Ohio, Dec. 1, 1896.
C. O. Burton, San Francisco, OaU— My Dbab Sib:
lam directed by ...aj r McKinley to return bis
sincere thanks to you and through you to the
members of the Fremont Voters' Association for
tlioir recent congratulations. You will please ex
cuse unavoidable delay in making acknowledg
ment. Very truly yours,
James Boyib, Private Secretary.
The "life tree" of Jamaica continues to
grow for months after it has been up
rooted.
fg*i MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
J9 <r<2. SSf §fsß '£> a. ' Won ot a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
l(v .\1 ir *ft ' vona or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
S. S**-i \i ./+2\ 'Insomnia, Fains in the Baclc, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
\ Mff9L H[ HkSt Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele aiid
V^ W V ■■ rr -7' Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
. Xx/ ness of. discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
:BH orrnsr »■> a e-rr a all the horrors of Irapotency. riTIDEXE cleanses the liver. th«
BEFORL «NO Mr i tn Sidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
■" ©UPI*MEirE strengthens and restores small weak organs. •■■ ; ■■• "■; •■ ••■ ;
> The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c?nt are troubled wit*
Proatalit in. CUPIDENE is the only kno^". remedy to cure without an operation. 8000 testimony
: Bis. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
a box, six for by mail. Send for free .circular and testimonials. ;- ' ; ■. • .; ••--■ r:
Address DAVOI> MIiUICINK CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, C»l. For sale by '
BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 PoweU strew.
DAVIS, fIABER & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants,
Salesroom—2ll Pine st., between Sansome
and Battery.
BICYCLE RIDERS, ATTENTION!
WEDNESDAY.
Wednesday n December 23, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. M.,
AT SALESROOMS,
BY CATALOGUE,
By order of—
QUEEN CITY CYCLE COMPANY.
100 ERIE BICYCLES.
These are all '96 modal, high grade and hand-
somely finished gents' and ladles' wheels, and the
sale merits the attention of all riders and dealers.
Wheels can be inspected on TUESDAY AFT-
EENOOX.
1 DAVIS, HABER «fc CO., Auctioneers.
CREDITORS' SALE!
•. - ■
j9I.T AUCTION
Tuesday December 33, 1899,
' At 11 o'clock a. m., at
PACIFIC-AYE. CLUB STABLES.
1618 Faoiflo Avenue,
Between Polk street and Van Ness avenue.
By order of creditors, we will sell
3O Head A No. 1 Draft. Driving and
Business Horses,
4 Fine 5-Glaas Lanndalet Carriages; 3 Coupes; 3
24-Passenger 'Buses; 1 Depot Bus; Extension
and Canopy Top Kockaways: Latest Styles
Open a.id i op Koad Buggies; several A No. 1
Business Buggies, Phaetons, Carts; Open and
Top Delivery-Wagons; 100 Sets First-class
Single and Double Harness; 100 Robes, Blan-
kets, Whips, etc. .
N. B.— The above stock will positively be sold *
rain or shine, without reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN <& DOYLE,
Office— 327 Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
AGATE WARE.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
110 Fourth street. Near Mission.
■-. FRANK W. BUTTERFIE.LD, Auctioneer..
For A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
'
ROBBED A MACHINIST.
Richard Bolls-Arrested for Holding Up
A. N. Forbes. --.= , v
Richard Bolis, alias Dalton, who the
police say is an ex-convict, was arrested
early yesterday morning on a charge of
robbery. Bolis was arrested at the in
stance of A. N. Forbes, a machinist em
ployed at the Novelty Iron Works. '
Forbes alleges that while he was walking
along Jessie street, near Ecker, two men
jumped from a doorway where they were
hiding and, throwing him to the sidewalk,
robbed him of $30, a gold watch and a
scar/pin.
Bolis was taken to the Southern police
station, where he was identified by Forbes
as one of the men who had robbed him.
: ■_ •—•—♦
The Pioneers' Victories.
The Pioneers defeated the South Ends by a
score of 9 to 7 yesterday morning and in ■ the
afternoon defeated the Mission Stars by a score
of 8. to 7, both games being played at the
grounds corner of Twenty-second and Harrison
streets. • -
NEW TO-DAY. •
—The—
Morning
—Cup—
¥¥.;'!'. ¥¥
¥¥ ■■■' ' , f - ¥¥
¥¥ - The cup that cheers, ¥¥
¥¥ that warms, that starts &¥
HIJ you out fortified for J> 't't
55 the day's battles—the ££
¥¥ veritable cup of health ¥¥
¥¥ —a cup of . ¥¥
|| Ghirardelli's ||
It Ground II
II Chocolate U
¥¥ ■ ■ ' ¥¥
|J|[ No stimulating effect, J*
|iy but full of food, easily
¥¥ and quickly digested* ¥¥
¥¥ *Tis absolutely pure, ♦♦
TT' and always fresh. J>& ??
II Made here JJ
¥¥¥ ¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥ 30c alb. All Grocers. ¥¥+¥
¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
NONE BETTER (1
. THAN THE £r?\
J. M. L. m
WHISKEY, jpi
ASK FOR IT. B^gßflS^ I
JmSI M. Lmi |J gR^S
CONTROLLERS J^^^^^^S
506 MARKET ST., B^^^^S
' San Franclsca
Dr. GiWbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private*
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tnedoctorcureswhea
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
rnreneaatanlrrd. Cullorwrite.
Sir. J. V. uIBBO\. Box 1937.SanFranciso*.
910
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
Guardsmen throughout the State mani
fest much interest in the approaching in
ternational rifle match between 100 sharp
shooters of the First Infantry, N. G. C,
and an equal number from the National
Guard of Hawaii. The match will take
place January 10. and guardsmen recog
nize that the reputation of California
troops for shooting is in the hands of
Colonel Macdonald's regiment.
Consui-General Charles T. Wilder of
Hawaii will be at the range here to ob
serve the shooting by the California
troops. In this duty he will represent
the Hawaiian soldiers. The First Regi
ment, N. G. C, will, be represented at
Honolulu by Captain Franklin Hanford
of the United States ship Alert.
The following officers and enlisted men
of the First Infantry, N. G. C. have been
selected to constitute the team and re
serve :
Field and staff— Major H. T. Sime; Lieuten
ant Louis Barrere, I. R. P.; Lieutenant E.
Kehrlein, commissary.
Company A— J. Rogerson.
Company B— Captain G. f ilmer, Lieutenant
B. B. B:urdivant, Lieutenant A. F. Ramm, Ser
geant H. B. Taylor, Sergeant A. AlcCullough,
L. Zimmerman, Corporal |G. Claussenius, R. A.
Gibbs, W. J. Hayes, Sergeant H. B. Sullivan, A.
Gebret, J. Fetz," W. Baumgartner, C. Perry, G.
Ungennan.D. W. Demarius, E. P. Peppin, E.
C Corde.l, H. Freeh. Sergeant A. H. Clifford,
W. W. K-ug, W. H. Sieberst, T. A. Hammerson,
J. Dilier, Corporal L. R. Townsend, E. L. Fil
mer, A. Fetz, A. Geisen, G. Heizman, A. E. Ap
tborpe. Corporal W. L. O'Brien, G. H. Sullivan,
J. R. Wear, \\". Prol .
Company C— Captain J. W. Drumbell, Lieu
tenant C. E. Goodell, C. F. Meyer, F. F. Carson,
Corporal W. H. F. James, Sergeant H. T. Hicks,
Sergeant D. E. Lawton, Sergeant J. R-s-j, C. F.
Wfiiiham, H. J. Musprave. W. K. Unired, A. R.
Vaughn. P. D. Butt. J. Smithson, V. F. North
rup, J. Giiliß, G. T. Phelps.
Company D— Sergeant J. C. Seagrave, W. N.
Lard.
Company E — Captain Edward Fitzpatrick,
Lieuienant Frank J. Ralph, Lieutenant W. A.
Robertson, F. Ralph.
Company F— Captain J. Miller, Lieutenant
F. A. Nippert, E. R. Holsten, J. Fitzgerald,
Bereeant Iverson, F. N. Turton, M. S. McNeil,
A. Pratt.
Company G— Captain E. C. Sutliffe, Lieuten
ant W. N. Bwasey, Sergeant F. J. Povey, Ser
geaut VV. L. Fenn, Sergeant A. E. Anderson,
corporal C E. Thompson, Corporal C. P. Hirst,
Corporal R. Dowdell, P. M. jJiers, C. G. Larson,
H. A. P. Bohr, J. W. Norton, \V. W. Thompson.
A- Martin. D. A. Cotiroy.
Company H— Captain F. Warren, Corporal
A. F. Enrenpfort, corporal J. E. Broderick.
Sergeant T. Carroll, Sergexnt M. Holtz, E. L.
Atwater, J. Furn&uz, F. Muller, A. O'Brien, G.
W. Laswell, B. Eisner, G. M. Mitchell.
Company P— Captain R. Rich'.er, Lieutenant
H. Huber, Lieutenant VV. Tobin, Sergeant F.
Moore, Sergeant M. Sheenan, Musician J. Yon
Staden, L. J. Ringen, C. G. Strippel, C. H. Ot
ten, A. Blawat, J. Kallman, A. Payson, N.
Hall.
Company X— Captain T. J. Cunningham,
Lieutenant' E. D. Finley, Lieutenant C. W.
Seely, sergeant E. F. Botteron, Serj?e».nt F. J.
Desmond, Corporal J. Utschig, J. R. Roes, E.
Schmalz, E. P. Jacobson, L. J. Reubold, J. R.
Helms, W. Wanekross, P. F. Brunotte, G. M.
Barley, P. F. Bauer, C. F. Masuire, J. Be Ber
nardi, H. Meyers.
Company L— Captain F. J. Egzert, Lieuten
ant H. J. Cuzaus, Sergeant C. Geotzhain, W.
G. Leffma:;, J. L. Slattery, F.J. Grnndman.
Company M- Sergeant Colby, Musician J.
W. Eng.e, Corporal Maher.
The preliminary contests which resulted
in tiie selection of ihs foregoing learns
took place December 6 and 13. Yesterday
the first of ihe final competitions took
place at Shell Mound Park, and on Janu
ary 3 the second of the preparatory series
wiii occur.
Louis Barrere. inspector of rifle practice
of the First Infantry, N. G. C, has ad
dressed a circular to his comrades, in
which he says:
This is not an ordinary contest, but one
which should prove of great interest to our
regiment, every member of which should do
all in his power to encourage enthusiasm and
stimulate the • ffortß of the men to establish
their superiority as marksmen, so that in the
future they can speak with pride of the deco
rations given in this match.
Colonel W. Macdonald returned to the
City last Thursday. He appreciates the
importance of the contest in which bis
regiment is about to engage. He is not
overconfident of victory, but believes that
his sharpshooters will capture the trophy.
He knows that thue are many crack
shots in the Hawaiian regiment, and is
not inclined to underrate tb.e skill of his
competitors.
The new cavalry troop held a meeting
on Monday evening at its rooms in the
Flood building. Colonel Bush, on behalf
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion, reported that Urn committee would
submit the by-laws at the next meeting
lor adoption.
Captain Margo reported that, a gentle
man had offered the free use of several
good saddle horses until the troop would
be enabled to purchase its own, and that
he understood that several other parties
having horses would offer the same as
sistance to tne organization.
Mn jor C. Jansen, brigade inspector, who
bad been invited to address the members,
tl.en delivered the first lecture of the
series. His remarks were entertaining
And instructive, and in brief were a de
scription of the organization of cavalry in
its early stages, the various mounted
bodies of the several countries of Europe,
tbeir number and condition, the condi
• tion of the cavalry service in the United
States at the breaking out of the rebellion,
the instruction at Carlisle Barracks and
its subsequent achievements under such
cavalry leaders as Sheridan, Custer and
other notea soldiers.
He declared that it was a necessity to
have go d cavalry troops in the National
Guard, who should be well drilled as such
and mounted, with good control of tbeir
horses, and strongly advocated such or
ganizations.
He considered a good mounted body in
valuable in case of internal disturbances,
asserting that a body of cavalry among a
mob would cause immediate dispeision
without entailing the heavy loss of life at
tendant on a bayonet charge or the fir* of
infantry.
He referred to the mounted police of
European cities and stated that he bad no
doubt that if the plans of this organiza
tion were succes fully carried out that it
would be the means of showing to the
police authorities of this City its value
and cause them to organize a drilled
mounted police force.
A vote of thanks was tendered to Major
Jansen, and after enrolling several new
members the meeting adjourned until this
evening, when the second lecture of the
series will be delivered.
One of the first bills to be introduced at
the coming session of the Legislature will
be a measure to increase the number of
companies of the National Guard, and
this bill will probably provide for two
more mounted companies and at least one
battery of light artillery. Jt strikes mili
tary men as something rather remarkable
that an organization of troops numeri
cally as strong as the National Guard of
California should not possess a single sec
tion of field artillery.
The troops are more concerned in the
legislation providing for new uniforms,
blankets and overcoats than in measures
for an increase of the force. The Legisla
ture is counted on as one friendly to tne
guard, and liberal appropriations are an
ticipated .
MERCED, Cau, Dec. 17.— The presenta
tion of the military drama "'Twixt Love
and Diuy," by Company H, Sixth In
fantry Regiment, was a great success, both
financially and artistically. The general
comment of the citizens of Merced ranks
it much ahead of any ama:eur perform
ance ever given in the city. The boys of
the company are much gratified at the re
sult of their labors, as it exceeded even
their fondest hopes. The piay was given
under the direct. on of H. A. Rayner, an
actor of merit, who carried the leading
part with ability. Robert Newell as Philip
Marks, the Confederate officer, handled a
difficult role in a very creditable manner.
The members of the company insist that
he must enlist now. Sergeant Guthrie as
Sorkery Schneidelbocher seemed to enjoy
playing his pare as much as the audience
did in laughing at his genuine German
dialect and droll acting.
Mrs. Captain Graham carried the part
of Bess Marks in a very clever manner.
Miss Myrtle Graham as Mrs. Armitage,
tne mother of the hero, captivated the
audience, and Miss Theresa McDonald
sustained the double role of the Magda
lene Nurse and Goddess of Liberty par
ticularly well. Little Hazel Badt as the
orphan" enacted her part very sweetly.
Corporal G.iffin as General Banks por
trayed the stern soldier in an admirable
manner, and Private Fen try was a good
Colonel Williard. Corporal Adrian and
Privates Rosenthal and Cassad carried
themselves as true soldiers. Dunn's or
chestra kindly volunteered to furnish the
music for the boys.
Second Lieutenant Daniel G. Bambauer
has forwarded his resignation to the adju
tant-general and the members of the com
pany are now figuring on a successor. It
is expected that the election will be
ordered for an early date.
Owing to the uncertainty of the weather
the attendance at the monthly target prac
tice was small last Sunday. The sky was
overcast, which probably accounted for
the absence of high scores. The following
members scores of over thirty points:
Plyler 39, Corporal George 38, Corporal
Grim'.h 36. Smith 35, Sergeant Jones 3*,
Griffith Jr. 34, Sergeant Outline 33, Captain
Graham 31, Lieutenant Smith 31.
The citizens' medal, which is awarded
to the best scor<- made at each shoot, was
won by Private Piyler.
The class medals are given out every
other month, two scores counting on the
classification. They were won as follows:
First class, Corporal Griffith; second class.
Corporal George ; third class. Captain
Graham; fourth class, Private Keliey.
FORMING A NEW CHURCH
A Social Reform Movement on
the Basis of Chris
tianity.
Rer. C. W. Henning of Oakland Lec
tures Before a Small Audience
in This City.
The social reform meeting in Washing
ton Hall on Eddy street, where tbe Rev.
C. W. Henning of Oakland lectured last
evening, was not largely attended, but as
this new movement haa some earnest ad
herents its leaders were not discouraged at
the small beginning. Mr. Henning dis
coursed on "Who Is Jesus?" but there was
little of tbe nature ot a religious service at
the meeting.
A card of membership or pledge was
given each member oi t c audience at the
door. This was styled the "Basis of
Union" and contained the articles of be
lief of Mr. Henning's adherents as fol
lows:
We whose names are attached hereto, de
sirous of uniting ail the forces that make for
rignteousness, and recognizing in the teach
ing of Jesus ot Nazareth a sufficient guide in
the regeneration of the individual, of society
and of the State, do agree upon this simple
basis of union, and cordially invite all who
will accept his teaching to unite with us in
such studies and practical measures as this
association may elect, in accordance with its
by- aws, to promo'.e and extend the Kingdom
of God on earth.
Provided always and particularly that no
article of belief other than that above indi
cated, or tnat will conflict with the creed of
any evangelical church, shall be imposed
upon any uniting with us.
Upon tins basis of union we pledge ourselves
to teach and practice personal seli-demal and
mutual helpiulness, k> the end that justice,
truth and mercy may be established in the
earth, and that the divine right of every mem
ber oi society to life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness may be secured by our institutions
and laws.
The lecturer said that all the thought of
ages since Christ came upon earth has
centered Around the Savior. "To trace
the development of the Jesus idea," he
added, "would be exceedingly interest
ing, but I have not time for that to-night.
Suffice to say that in ail lands there has
been a groping after God, and we can dis
cover three steps toward the understand
ing of the divinity — our likeness to God,
nearness to God and oneness between him
and man. We have discovered in man
what is so near the divine, and hence the
expression sometimes tiiat man is near to
God."
Quoting tbe Old Testament, he said tnat
men were called "the friends of God,"
"tbe sons of God." So when Jesus used
tbia lan ullage be was misunderstood, for it
bad long been forgotten. "Tbe real mean
ing of Jesus must be discovered and again
proclaimed in the ears of tbe world," said
tbe preacher. "He came with a three
fold purpose into the world— to reveal God
to niiin, to reveal God in man and to re-
Teal man to man himself."
Money for Boys.
. Any boy can , make : money for Christ
mas tq-day selling, the Christmas News
Letter. - Copies supplied by San . Fran
cisco : News Company, 210 Post street, or
at office, s}_ &earny street.
■ ■»—•» — •
The Buenos Ay res Minister of - the f ' In
terior proposes to amalgamate all the rail
ways ,in the Argentine Republic, forming
them into a state monopoly.
TO CURE A : tOLD IN ONE DAT. : ;
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
; gists re mud the money it it fails to cure. 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Interest in Land Matters Is
of Much More General
Character.
Trifling Concessions Are Helping
Materially to Satisfactorily
Consummate Sa'es.
Matters in the Building Line Have
Been Quite Active During
the Past Y?ar.
Matters in the real estate line are de
cidedly better. Interest is of much more
general character and real estate offices
are assuming the old business aspect. In
quirers are far more numerous ami their
questions are propounded with greater
positiveness. Results are also showing to
increased advantage in the way of trans
actions. Buyers and sellers are getting
nearer to each other, and when such a
condition prevails there is every prospect
that actual trade is pretty close at band.
There is more of a disposition shown on
the part ot owners to listen to offers and
trifling concessions on both sides are help
ing materially to satisfactorily consum
mate sales.
The ba'ancing of accounts by businessmen
will, however, for a few days largely absorb
attention, and not much time can be expected
to be given to real estate interests until mer
chants, capitalists and tradespeople are satis
fied with t&e condition of their respective
ledgers. While the year now ending might
have presented a greau-r volume of transac
tions, it is satisfactory to snow that ther<.' has
been neither undue influence nor marked de
pression in values. Probably no more pos>
tive evidence of the strength of the real estate
market could be advanced than a comparison
with current prices and those ruling one and
two years ago.
It is reasonable to expect more or less soft
ening of values when the univers-i! ly depressed
condition nt general business which has pre
vailed during to last twelve months is taken
into consideration. But an examination of
matters shows that property quotations indi
cate anything but wild fluctuations, and their
prices, as a rule, keep weil up to the former
standard.
Some sections, it is true, may exhibit trifling
concessions on old figures, whi c others will
really flhow little advance. The former of
those possibilities is presented in the sale of
outside properties.
In the extreme southern and western parts
of the City sellers had to slightly modify their
views in order to realize, while in the bust
i ness centers ol inside property buyers had to
advance their bidding rate in order to secure
what was needed. By these ups and downs,
I however, a happy medium was inaintained.
For many years th-.re has been no such ac
tivity in San Francisco in the line of home
building as for the past twelve months. It
h»s been frequent-y remarked in thu weekly
leal estate coi'iinns of this paper how large
has been the number of building contracts let
and how smali has been the average cost of the
buildings contracted for.
It is the small houses, the small stores, tbe
I two-story fla' s that have multiplied with the
j greatest rapidity, and this means that surplus
i wages have been investe i, that the suburbs
have been covered with homes and that the
outlying districts hnve become more tliiikly
peopled. In Richmond, In tne West Mission,
in the Potrero, in Ocean View there has been
the greatest activity. The costly houses have
for the most part been confined to the Western
Addition as the expensive business blocks
have been to the downtown districts. If in
these latter portions of the City the rush of
building has not been so inarkoa as in the
more remote districts, it is still safe to assume
that prosperity is general, for when the
masses, the erripioves, are prosperous and con
tented the employers must be finding business
good.
REVIEW OF THE EECORDB.
There were 110 deeds recorded during the
past week.
The mortgages numbered sixty-three and
represented loans to the amount of $218,312.
Among them were the following: Bytliolii
bernia Bank to James Simpson, $15,000 for
one year at 6% P er cent, on property at the
north Vast corner ol Post ana Stockton streets,
23:4x80 feet and the east line of Stockton,
23:4 feet north of Post. 23:10x80 feet; by
Eureka Building and Loan Association to 11.
G. and Jennie S. Prince, $4000 for six years
at 7 per cent per annum, on property
on tiie east line of Larkin street, 110
feet south of Chestnut, 27:6x100 feet
by Joseph G. Wall to Charlffl E. Dv an $6350,
for three years at 6 per cent, on property on
the northwest corner of Ridley and Alpine,
west 25 by north 100: by the Hiberuia Bank
to Joseph Schwartz $22,000, for one year at
6% per cent, on property on the northeast cor
ner of Buchanan and Golden Gate avenue,
east 137:6 by north 137:6; by the Fidelity
Building and Loan Association to Thomas D.
and Rosa A. Riordan $14,000, for ten
years ai 7 per cent, on property on the
south li'.ie o. Pacific avenue, 115 east of
Buchanan, past 70 by south 127:8^, and on
the southwest corner of Webster mid Green
wich, west 137:6 by south 120; by Antoine
Borel to Alexandrine Berson $5000, for one
year at 8 per cent, on property on the east line
of Waverly placp. 122:4 south of Washington,
smith 56, east 57, north 27:6, west 2, north
28:6, westss; by the Hibernia Bank to Ed
ward H. and Elzabeth H. Coe $7700, for
one year at 6% per cent, on prop
erty on tbe southwest corner of
Union and Laguna, west 37:6 by
south 100, and on the south line of Union,
87:6 west of Laguna, west 50 by south 100;
by Martin J. Burke, as guardian of Christian
A. Titrel, to M. It. and Edith Cook $10,000 for
three years at 6^ per cent on property on the
east line of Battery street, 29:10V£ «ou th of
Commercial, south 29 :10% by east 70; by the
Hibernia Bank to Andrew W.Rose Jr., $13,000
for one year at 6% per cent and $2000 on in
stallment on property OG the northwest corner
of Broadway and Laguna, west 34 :4J^ by north
137:6; by the same to Andrew A. ami Martßret
j Louderback $25 000, for one year at 6}£ per
cent, on property on the northeasi corner of
Eddy and Leavenworth, north 137:6 by east
I 137:6; by the same to William D. Laddssooo,
for one year a' 6% per cent, on property ou the
north line <'f E iciy, 175 east oi Jones, east 25
by north 137:6; by the Security Savings Bank
to Rosa Rosenfeld $6500, for one year at 7 per
cent, on property on the southeast corner of
I Clay and Spruce, east 137:6 by south 127:8Ji;
by the Hibernia bank to George D. Shadburne
$5000, for one year at 6% per cent, on the
southeast corner of Castro and Tweuty-second,
south 228 by east 560.
The releases numbered thirty-nine and were
for a total of $151,231. The lerger were the
following:'
From the German Bank to Andrew A. and
Marearet Louderback, $10,000 on property at
northeast corner of Eddy and Leavenworth
street*, 137:6x137:6; Irom the Hibernia Bank
to Charles and Harry Bush, $10,000 on pro
perty on the south line of Eddy street, 154:5
west of Buchanan, west 51:10 by south 120;
from Evan L. Reese to Mary G. Ertz, $15,000
on property on the southwest cor
ner of Clay and Webster, south 33:6
by west 107:6; by the German Bank
to Joseph Schwartz, $21,000 on property
on the northeast corner of Buchanan street
and Golden Gate avenue, east 137:6 by north
137:6; from the Guardian Loan Association to
D.ivid J. Spence, $(5800. o:i property on the
east lin° of s iee\sofeet south of Oak,
south 25 by east 91:2; from the Security
Savings Bank to Maurice and Isabella Roseu
feld, $6500, on property on the southeast cor
ner of tfnruce and Clay streets, east 137 :6 by
south 127 :»^i; from John D. Murray to John
F. Bernard. $0000, on properly on the north
east line of Oak Grove avenue, 150 feet south
east of Harrison street, southeast 75 by north
east 112.
NEWS ITEMS.
The payment ol rebate personal property
taxes begins to-day.
Mrs. Isaac Hecht's new residence at the
northeast corner of Jackson and Ociavia
streets will cost $40,000 to complete.
The Auditor, claiming that the Board of
Supervisors and not the Board of Education
alone has power to make the purchase of tne
Mission High School property, has not yet
signed the warrant (or the $52,500 to buy the
site recently agreed upon by the Board of
Education.
In the Richmond district the property
owners are not unanimously in favor of the
extension of hutter street through Laurel Hill
Cemeiery. At a recent meeting a number of
property-owners put- themselves on record as
against the movement.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have contracted
for the sale of 1000 acres of the Murphy-
Colombet land, being a part of the Rancho ia
Laguna beca, situated a few miles south of San
Jose, in Santa Clara County. Ihey will place
this property upon the market in small sub
divisions of "ten acres and upward. The land
is the lust of the great ranchos in Santa Clara
County, and when it is subdivided these great
holdings that have been the admiration of
thousands will be dotted by innumerable
homes of thrifty settlers. «. » < ♦
Property-owners in the Sunset District,
south of the Park, are agitating the opening
of Nineteenth avenue, and claim that this im
provement is the duty of the City, inasmuch
as they claim to pay considerably more than
their share ot taxes. There are at present no
streets in the district, and for tnat reason they
wish something to be done in that line.
By a recent decision of the courts the City
becomes the owner of another valuable piece
of property, being a portion of the tract for
merly known as Holladay Heights. Tne land
in question is a half block on Washington
street, running irom Gough to Octavia. This
is a portion of the tract that has been in dis
pute Jor some time past under tne S. W. Hol
laday claim.
The following property will be offered at
public sale to-morrow by Easton, Eidridge &
Co.: A lot, 27:6x104:10. on the northwest
line of Market sireet, 114:1 southwest of
Franklin, running through to Page, <>n which
it fronts. 21:9; lot 34:41^x137:6 -md premises
at 607J^ and 6j9 Pme street, 137:6 west to
Gra.it avenue; building lot. 25x75, on the
south line of Clinton Park, 155 cast of
Dolores s'reet; thf> nine-room residence and
lot, 28x137:6, at 1816 Pine street, east of Oc
tavia; dwelling and lot, 25x103, at 216 Ash
bury street; the lot on the southwest corner of
Pacific and Jones streets, 60x52:4; two lots,
25x137:6 each, on the south lineoi Oak street,
187:6 west of Devisadero; a cottaue and lot,
28x136, at 164 Clara avenne, and the probate
sale of the property at 538 Howard street,
consisting of a lot, 25x85, and two dwellings.
Property-owners lavor the substitution of
bitumen for bas«lt and cobbles where the lat
ter are now laid along the line of the proposed
boulevflrd that will make a circuit of tne
northern part of the City. The proposition on
I toot is to mane a continuous driveway of
Kearny and Montgomery street, iato Mont
gomery avenue, to Bay street, thence to Van
Ness avenue, to Lombard street, to the Pre
sidio, to First avenue, to the park, to Baker
street, to Fulton, to De7isadero, to Golden
Gate avenue and back to town.
The omces of Shuiuwald, Buckbee & Co. in
the Mills building are to be enlarged, and
when completed the firm will have one of the
largest aiid finest equipped real estate offices
in tue country. The change is made to ac
commodate the increasing business of the firm
and is an evidence of the revival of the real
estate business. The offices will open upon
the main and Pine-street corridors as well as
on Montgomery street. In the new arrange
ment considerable space will be given to the
firm's house-renting department The depart
ment for the sale of City lealty as well as that
for the sale oi country lsnds will be increased
in size. The insurance and ioan branches will
also come in for more extensive quarters, and
better accommodations and arrangements
will be made so that it occasion arises auctions
may be h'^ld in the great vestiDule.
A bill which will be pre-ented to the next
Legislature by Assemblyman-elect H. I. Mul
creavy of the Thiny-niutb. Assembly District
regulating the change of grades oa all streets
and highways throughout the State is being
prepared by the attorneys oi the Federation of
Improvement Clubs.
The matter of changing the grade of Upper
Market street lias been agitated for some two
or three years, but by a recent decision of the
Supreme Court the law under which the work
was to have been done was declared to be un
constitutional.
Since the Sutro car line has been built
through Richmond district the growth of the
section has been marvelous. Where there
was scarcely a score of people a year or two
ago there are now about 1200 residt-nta. The
peoDie living between Twelfth and Thirtieth
avenues say that a new school should be built
j somewhere in the vicinity of Twenty-fourth
and Point Lobos avenues. The City owns sev
ernl lots which were reserved for school pur
poses, and there will be no expense as far as a
site is concerned.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club has been
ask. d to take the matter in charge, and it will
be brought to tne attention of the Board of
Education immediately after the first of the
year.
If the Clarendon Heights Improvement Club,
which was formed duMng the past week, is
BUCCessiul in having Seventeenth street cut
through to Uranus, which Is to be one of the
first notions of the ciub, the residents of the
Mission district will be afforded a fine drive to
the park. At present there is no direct way to
get to the park from the Mission, and the cut
ting through of Seventeenth street as proposed
will suve a lour-mile roundabout drive.
A number of the property-owners and mer
chants of Seventh street will form an improve
ment ciub shortly for the mirpose of ad
vancing the business interests of that thor
oi:ehfare.
The street committee of the San Francisco
Association of Improvement Clubs held a
meeting during the week to consider the
question of a sewer system for the district be
tween Thirtieth street and the county line,
which is being demanded by the residents of
Sunnys-ide, Holly Park, Ocean View, Fair
mount, Five Mile, Excelsior and other tracts.
Action on the matter was deferred until Janu
ary S. when a special session of the sireet com
mittee will again be called to decide which
plan of having the outlet built ought to be
adopted.
The citizens ot the Ocean View district are
to petitii n the Supervisors for more electric
lights.
Residents of Excelsior Homestead and the
district adjacent to tue Mission road are to be
supplied with water. A gang of men have been
working -luring the week putting in a 12-inch
main on Mission road. From Onondaga ave
nue, near the six-mile House, the men have
been working east, and will connect the pipe
with the mains near the College Hill reservoir
| and the Four-mile House.
SOME RECENT SALES.
During the past two weeks Easton, Eldridge
<£ Co. have flossed the following sales:
Lot 22n82:6, on south line of Geary street,
near Stelner, improvements on two -story
house, for $3000; lot 25x100 feet, on north
line of Page street, east o! Fillmore, $2800;
lot 25x120, on east line of Thirteenth avenue,
near N street, $150; lot 25x108:6, on east
line of Steiuer street, near McAllister, with
two-story residence, $5800; -lot 25x75 feet,
on soutnwest corner ot Fifth and Shipley
streets, with old improvements, $7000;
lot 25x80 feet, on the east line ot Valencia
street, near Eighteenth, $5000; lot 25x
106 feet, on the west line of Ashbury street,
near Fell, $2250; lot 25x80 feet, on tne north
west line of Clementina street, near Fourth,
with old improvements, $2700; lot 25x80.feet,
on thf northwesterly line of Fourth street,
near Weloh, $3000; lot 50x120 feet, on the
ensi line oi Eleventh avenue, near J street,
$900; lot 25x102 ieet, on the west line of
Church sireet, near Twenty-fifth, $1500; lot
25x90 feet, on the east line of Arlington
street, near Roanoke, with cottage, $1100; lot
50x120 feet, on the east line of Twenty-sixth
avenue, near Point Lobos, $1000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the following
recent sales: Lot 34 :4xloo feet and improve
ments, on the South side oi Green street, 162:6
feet west of Ls<;una, for $5200; lot 25x100
feet and five and six room flats, on Pine street,
near Brorterick, for $6500; three flats and lot
25x80 feet, on the nonhwest side of Minna
street, near Third, for $5100, and two lots, 50
xIOO ieet. in outside land block 81, on Califor
nia street, near Tenth avenue, for $1600.
lamb Hey man has sold a lot on Butler street,
25x70, in Gift Map 1, Bernal Heights, for
$275, and two lots in boulevard block 722 for
$250 each. He is also building a house on the
south line of Alvarauo street, 100 feet west of
Hoffman.
The following properties are reported sold
by Sol Getz & Bro. :
Lot 50x100 feet on southeast line of Athens
street. 50 ieet northeast of I'ersia avenue,
for $300; 25x120 feet on west line of Nine
teenth avenue, 275 feet north of Point Lobos.
for $600; 50x100 feet on south line of X
street, 82:6 ieef west of Twenty-second ave
nue, for $500; 25x120 feet on east line of
Twenty-first avenue, 125 feet north of X
street, for $300; 25x120 feet on east line of
Thirty-«ecom: avenue, 100 feet north of J
street, for $200; 225x120 feet on northeast
corner of C street and Thirty-first avenue, for
$2250; 25x137:6 feet on south line of Fulton
street, 106 :3 we?t of Lyon, for $1800.
A lot, 75x137:6 feet, on the northeast line of
Fremont sireet, 108:4 feet north of Howard,
wi,h improvement- liereon, was sold during
the past week for $30,000.
The seller was Henry E. Bothin, but the
name ot the purchaser has not yet been re
ported. B. M. Gnnn & Co. was the agent who
conducted the sale. The same firm also re
ports the sale of a lot, 41:7 feet, with a two
story buildng thereon, on the northeast cor
ner of Pine -and Hyde streets, for $10,000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J S Adams. tHonington W H Manning, Bntte
EJPowrs Merced J W Jones, Merced
T J Leaby. Merce<l J Whelan, San Jose
M McCoy. San Jose H YV Lurke, Bentcia
J B Hurst & wf, Si Louis J Andrews <ft wf, Seattle
T Walker, Seattle D Porter, Los Angeles
T Scott, Los An?eles J H Williams, Sn Rafael
T Jonet, Berkeley Fde Vere, Fresno
J Dewing, l.os Angeles H Wright, Los Augeies
J F Shaubert, l.os An; W H Cunningham, LAng
O L Proctor, Lo-t Ang C Hunilngton, Boston
F Gould & wf, Victoria J C Ganard. Tacoma
C L Fox <Jt wf, i ortland F A Bass, :-eatile
J B Cann, Portland Vf Hallow. Los Angeles
1> b Kinerer, Meridian B Br.^sd.-n & wf. Grove C
A B irainpton, u>» Aug O N Lindell & wt. Grove
B Williams, Los ■ ne J W Fuller, Antiocn
A H Grosser, ban Ramon
PALACE HOTEL.
X J Power. NY H Frank, N V
I. S Beeily, Stanford C H Hill, Wls
C J M'aroti & w, Va Cty J Rancor. N V
O> o Chase, Chicago E D MaDes. N V
R W Jenuings, P Townd Mrs G Lowrlsdaie, Or
P Goodwin, Omaha Miss x owrlsdaie, Or
bam Kuclter, San Jose W W Chapin, Sacto
J C Boss, Berkeley J W StruuD, Kaweah
W B ee, Rochester M R Harriß, Japan
c W Collier, KoDe D S Cone, Red Bluff
Col H Trevelyan.Fresno R H Flint, han Juan
E W Potter, La CM shepuerd, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Graves, Oakland J M Mannon, Berkeley
T l^aneford. Kureka F Stone, Cal
J Dolao, Vallejo G F WicKs, Bakersfleld
X H Lcam*n, San Jose T W Langen, San Jose
T B Van Alstyne, Cal W Howe, Santa Ana
A Lew, Santa An» F A Palmer, KossValley
J W Finuey <fe w, thego J Land, 111
D L .Phillips, H:mford Mrs A oseburgh, Cal
Mrs F O hchumann, Cal M Us E Jackson. Cal
J C Werner, Quinov J X Werner. Quincy
J W Roper, Cnlco W L Snutlift Oftden
W J Cahill & w, N V J E Dye, Jackson
Miaa E Cliff, Cincinnati Miss A * Bruin. Clnn
L b. Denney. Vlsalla T U Wallls, Sacto
W F Pierce A w. Oaklnd W L Talbot. sacto
Vf Wl!son, Chico J Mas;en, Los Ang
D W Cu3htn»Q. \iameda F J Wilson, Oakland
T L Price, Oakland OF Mason, Cal
A X Danger. De roit J J O' -elll. Uregon
R W Ultzschinanu, Or V C Biooka, Tacoma
J H Fink, Spokane L- Kngel, Cal
A X Roiendaie. PacGrve H Cane A w, Los An?
J P Kellv <fe w. Cal JR 1 rayner, MarysTille
A W Stuart, Couniand O M Forte, Hoiißter
X Elias, Uroville A J Brnner, Sacto
E E Lincoln &w, Cal H W Crabh, Oak vll le
J R Daily <fe w, Folsom H M Aib<>ry. tolusj
A B orunler &w, Sacto W C Roberts &w, Gilroy
F A Dorn, Cal
BALDWIN HOTF.L.
T T Euan & w, N V F P Bane, Santa Rosa
H levy. New York H A Keniedy. MnapoUfl
A C Presley, Grid ey J Wiizinski, Visalia
C S Whitaker <fe w, Oak C X *nook, < >akia -d
G H Richaraso i, Butte T D Frawley, New York
J E Pitts, St Louis A H Christie, Milwkee
Tod Sloan, San Antonio S beimel. New York
C T Dwyer. JSew Yor< Miss Bates. New York
P Worming. New York Miss A Plrley, New Yrk
T J Hum, San Jose J F Par-;s, Jackson
W F Lenizen, San Jose G B Griffith &f, Los Ant
E A Mitchell, Vailejo R J R Aden, Vallejo
RBeunett <fc w.Vacaville L R Prince, Boston
R J Prince, Boston J Jones, Fresno
W H Pyburn, Sa.inas B P .Barker, Mierman
J J McGrath & w,S .Mteo C A McCarthy, X York
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix-
TIO Market street, open until 12 o'clock erei*
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery law*
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 I.arkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* «pa»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
vi; NOTICE. OM MiiETINGS.
B^gi GOLDEN GATE COMM ANDKBY jtT"
it-^ No. 16, Knights Templar, Go den < Of
Gate building, 629 -utterst— The stated as- W\
sembly THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ml
The Order of the Red Cross will be con- V
ferred All visiting fraters cordially Invited.
CHARLES H. MURPHY, commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder. ,
§!^£P HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. ft
+3? and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
DAY (Monday), December 21. 1896, at."sf 2f
7:30 o'clock p. m., for installation of offi- /^r>
cers. By order of tbe W. M
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
flt^* 3 SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER •
IS--&' No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets _rk
THIS EVENING. Election of officers and VY
other important business. r^^\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL LODGhi NO. 22, F. m- -
18-*' and A. M. — Installation of officers Jlk :
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock sharp. i£]lf
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary. /VN
90S' CALIFORNIA LODGE, NO. 33Z3
»^*' 1. I. O. O. F— All members re- .~^^fS&-
qnp.sted to be present M NDAY ; *5*S9Qi?
EVENING, December 21. Important """W'iw
business. ; A. W. WILLIAMS, N. G.
P. J. Millet. Recording Secretary.
90S* . SERVIAN MONTENEGRIN* ~
m~& L. and a. B. Society All officers ftrft
and members of the above society are -Jg*r^
hereby notiti d to attend th Ir annual 'igi'&'sSl
•mteting THIS .Monday) EVENING, n3£s£ffl
December 21, at 7:30 o'clock sharp, at iYjzlEjjJ
10 California street, to elect new officers ]PbjS\w
for the ensuing year (1897). New amend- WErVyjOf
merits to the constitution and by-laws XsjgSJ)7
will be read before the society for the third and
last time. By order of ,
LAZAR JOVOVICH, President.
Lazar S.'Churich. Secretary.
K^-> ANNUAL MEETING— REGULAR
I£<& annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sum Dum Chief Mining Company will be held at
the office of the company, room 3 in the Ho-
bart building. 63 1 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.,
on SATURDAY, the 2d day of January, 1897, at
the hour of 2 o'clock . p. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve during the
ensuing ye.w and the transaction of such other
business as may come tefore the meeting.
j . H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
, Office— Room 3ln the Hobart building, 532 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco. Cal.
Xg 3 ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
IS**' annual meeting of the stockholders of La
Candelaria Mining Company will beheld a the of-
fice of th- company. 530 California St., room 60, San
Francisco, Cal., on SATURDAY,' December '26. j
1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock, p. il, for the pur-
pose of electing a board of trustees to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before ihe meeting.
GEORGE A. HILL. Secretary.
Office— s3o California st., room 60, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. , • ;
BK^S 1 " CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
SaP THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
COS* THEY SELL WOOLEN AND COTTON
WF-& yarn, table linen, lace curtains, towels, hos-
iery, underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, but-
tons, linings, threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, etc.,
very cheap at Pioneer Drygoods Store, 105 Fifth st.
fOS* INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $25: PER-
m-^ fectly harmless; Indies treated nt home. B.
D. KIMMJS, 916 Market st, Columbian Building.
90S" GAS FIXtURKs MADE TO ORDER;
US--*' cheapest plae in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden < .ate aye.
g_sy» BAD TENANTS INJECTED fOR J54:
m^& collections made, city or country. Pacific
loller'ion CO.. 415 Monti- St.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. "
90S 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
VZ£f ings Bank of San Franrisc, 33 Post su — For
the half year ending Dec. 31, 1898, adiviaend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.3;5V3) per cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. 2, 1897. GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
Btqs=» DIVIDEND NOTIi E— SAN FRANCIS-
BF-C co Savings Union, 652 California street, cor-
ner Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
of December. 189 i, a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four and two-tenths (4.2)
per cent on term deposits ana three and five-tenths
(3.5) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, January 2, 1*97.
LOVE' L WII IT • . cashier.
fcITUAT-ONa . \V ANTED-JtEMAJLE.
~A~LL~KINDS OF MALE AND female HELP
A furnished ; short notice ; country orders a
specialty. MRS. A. DA DA ML 313s u tterst.
pO.M~PETENT ENGLIBH COOK; CAN DO
I \J French and American, style; go by week or
day to get up holiday dinners; moderate price;
city or country. - Call at 1024 Howard, room 10.
IDD-.K-AWED GERMAN LAi-Y, WITH
girl 12 years old, wishes : situation as rlr-t-
-dais housekeeper or chambermaid; no tri tiers;
city or country. -■ D. X., box 163, this office.
/I KHMA.V WOMAN WANTS ANY KiND OF I
\JT work by the day or hour; washing, cleaning I
or cooking. . F., box 120, Call Office. |
INGLE WOMAN; LIKE TO HAVE HOUsE-
Cleanin; work by the day. 103 Eighth st., cor-
ner Mission. -*.\ .
yOUSG GERMAN -WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
X ilon as working . housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. . 106 Fourth st., room a. :
OUNt. WOMAN -WISHES ANY KIND OF
work by the day, washing or housecl'-uning.
Please call 258 Shipley St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth
OMPI-.TENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
situation to do housework in a plain American
family; wages $16. Address 713 Tenth, Oakland.
i \RES-MAKEit, OO'D CUT A.SD FIT, BY
XJ the day, 75c. ; 103 Eighth St., cor.ier Mission.
"DELIABLB AMERICAN WOMAN, WITH
XX daughter (14), wishes situation by January 1
at housework, chamberwork or nurse for children;
city or country; family ■or institution; small
wages. Address MRS. M., box 73, Call Office.
"V OUNG NEAT AMERICA GIRL litslßES
X situation as working housekeeper: 110 triners.
Address with full particulars and state remunera-
tion, M. M.. box 71. Call office. . : -• . -■-■;
X OUNG GERMAN LADY WANTS POSITION
X as housekeeper, ' Call or address 112 Taylor st.,
room 14. ■ .■; ; - v. ■■ •■■..*■■-.■;•-•■ ■■ '-. : :
A MJSRICAX NURSE, EXPERIENCED.
J\ wants care of invalid; low wages; medical ref-
ences. ; 1530 Eddy st, • .!:., • ■-. ■' . -- - . . :
/COLORED GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
\J housework In small American family; can
give reference. 911Hy.lest. >'• : , '
yOUXO GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by the day ; liousecleaiiini? , and plain sewing.
Address MR-. D., 3353 Twenty-sixth ,cor. Capp.
MOTHKR ; AD DAUGHTER WANT POSl-
tion in flrst-c ass hotel: city or country. L. a,
box 119, call Office. . ..' ■■: ■■':•!■-;■ -■/-'■% - -' - : ■ '
YOUNG COLORED GIRL WISHES WORK
X by the day; housecleauing ior > washing. 1 Ad-
dress E. E., box 99. Call Office. ';
T ADY OF SUPERIOR ABILITY, TEACHING
Xj shorthand (Pitman), desires engagement: city
or country. L. 8., oox 119. Call Office. » . ■,' \
; \\T ANTED— Sh. WING OF ANY KIND; GEN-
;..»»; tlemen's * mending, ■ etc.: children's work a
specialty. Address M. 8., box 3. Call Office. ;
SITUATION- WANTED AS CHILD'S NURSE;
• middle aged; Mason's widow. Call or address
1169 Valencia st. > V ■ • * : ::■
PLAIN SEWING OF ANY. KIND DONE;"
X workingmen's shirts a specialty. .- 249 Fifth st
flat 2. \t.-\::-;y . -:7/.---;.:? ■' v ■-•■. :'.■'• v". ■ . •■■' .""•.■■-- ■■.---•
OSITIOX _vS HOUSEKEEPER 1 IN WIDOW-
X er's home by respectable American lady; must
b ■ children; city or Oakland. ■: W.. box 94, Call. ,::;
REBSMAKEK, FIRST CLASS. WOULD
like engagements by tbe day; city or country.
716_*rklnsu.: , ; >
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued..
yOUNG WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES
X posit on as housekeeper for , widower or bach-
eior. • Room 4. ] 007 Market st. '■ ' : -
ASTERN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
housekeeper: city or country: the best of ref-
erences. Apply 188 a Fourth St., room 4.
OMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF PLAIN
TT sewing: also cleans and presses clothes. 114
Fourth at- room 15.
V»; INCUKoIER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NH.
TT. Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night.
VI 60 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable.
iree bus and baggage to and from the lerrr. . .
Mlt.'.'l IUJj V» AJi'l'x.li — MAL.U.
HUNTER <fc CO.. CiliN...^_.: A.W -Ai-A-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; teL main 281. YOUNG, m§r
/CHINESE <fc JAPANESE; EST'D. 20 YEARS;
Vhelp.tel.malu 1997. BRADLKY&CO.. 64O CIay.
Cihin>.se AND Japanese EMPLOYMENT
I office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
1 APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R. 73,
O Ft. Ann's bide, 6 Eddy st: U»C Main 5234.
OY 14 YEARS OLD WISHES GOOD HOME
for the winter where he can do chores for
smal wages: . city or country. Call 10-2 Mission
St., in basement.
BARBER— SITUATION. WANTED: FIRST -
ciassman; city or country. Address D., box
73, this office.
E.s WHO UNDERSTAND HANDLING
horses; not afraid of »-orlc . Apply F.
SCHWARTZ, Oiympia Hotel. Potrero. _^
bY YOUNG MAN, STEADY AND SOBER, TO
drive milk wcgon in city or something similar.
Address H.. box 91, Call.
AN WANTS MANAGEMENT OF HOTEL,
club or institution; experience first class.
A. M., box 20, this office.
H ANTED— BY MAN ABOUT PLACK:
* • sober and steady ; good horseman and handy
with tools. Address M.. b.x Ibs, Call.
"EXPERIENCED BUTTER-MAKER, SEPA-
XJ lator pro. ess, desires a situation. Address D.,
box 142, Call Office.
BOYS FROM .15 TO 17 YEARb OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutter st.
(IOOK WHO UNDERSTANDS BAKING
I bread wants situation in the country. Address
1301 Santa Clara aye., Alame a.
LJ ESPECIABLE MAN WITH GOOD BEFEft-
IV encea, uuderstanalng care of horses, cows, gar-
den, and a good driver, wishes a situation. Ad-
dress 537 Sacramento at.
ituation wanted BY young man TO
drive delivery wagon or such work; best of ref-
erences. Address X., box 78, Call Office.
(COMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER AND
J paper-hanger, with tools, wants work by the
day or piece work; will work cheap. Address
Painter, 272y a Clementina st " '
INDUSTRIOUS, SuBER, YOUNG MARRIED
X man, with best of references wishes work as
teamster, or anything else. R.. box 84, CalL
Q ITUATIi WANTKD— PAINTING, PAPER-
O hanging and graining, by practical, lemperate
man of 30: Al reference; will work very cheap
by day or job: lor cash or in exchange for furnish-
ed room downtown. Address Room, box 65, Call.
\V ANTED— EMPLOYMENT IN GROCERY-
TT store, with object to learn the business, by a
young single man; speaks German and English;
good bookkeeper; best of references given. Ad-
dress A. 8., 1003 Franklin St., Oakland, Cal.
BARB-.RS— WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
with 1 year's experience, position in good
barber shop: small salary. Address B. 8., box 80,
Call Office.
VI IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WANTS EMPLOY-
IV I ment: farm, garden, horses, co.vs; small
wanes. 25% Welch st ,
APANESE BOY WANTS a SITUATION,
excepting school time. GE jHGE,2'_ Prosneot pi.
Y~ UUNO SWEDE WANTS SITUATION A
X coachman and gardener: is thoroughly compe-
tent and has first-class references. G. W., box 7,
Call Office, Oakland.
j PRACTICAL ENGINES.: WANTS POSITION
X at stationary work: city or country: well quali-
fied with mining machinery; bolsters, pumps of
all k^iiis. F. Z., box 69, Call Office.
JAPANESE SCHOOL BOY WANTS TO DO
0 work in a family. Address Frank, 758 i astro
St., Oakland.
\\j 1-\C__STER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
.' TT Market— lee trio lights in (very room: 20J
rooms: 250 to $1 50 per nighr : 91 50 to $3 par
week: free bus and batrcaze to and from the lerry
|-IHEAPEBT AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
.United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ' . ]
I__A_- b-Li 1 \» ANTED.
AtNDKES^"INST_TUTioNr"*i_: COOK,
J no wash, American family, 930; second girl,
$20; co.ored girl for housework, $25; cook, 3 in
lumlly, German style, 925; cook, priva.e board-
ing-house. $30, and girls for housework In city and
country. J. F. CROSETT <& CO.. 316 Gutter sU
OUSEGIKL, SCOTT ST., $10; fJJRL, Gt.EKV
ftt.,-sls: girl. Howard St.., 915; girl. Fifth
st, $15; girl, Ross Valley. $20: girl, Francisco
st, $15; girl. Golden Gate aye., $15: girl, O'Farrell
st, $15; young girl, Livermore, $15: girl, Stelner I
St., $15; housekeeper, $12: you ig gin, Stockton j
St.. $10: German g.rl In family or two, Sutter St., I
$10; girl for Petaluma, Cal.; small girl, $8 month; !
German girl, i ush st., 912. MARTIN'S, 749
Market. St.
1 • IRL OR WOMAN, SMALL HOTEL. AB-IST,
U etc.; cleaner, for an institution, $20, etc.;
cook, sma:l restaurant, $25 and room, call early;
waitress, 96 a week; waitress, $.0 and room:
lunch waitress: young girl to assist in small rest-
aurant, 910 and room; woman cook, country, 925
and room; cook, a few boaideri, 920 and ioom
waitress, $25; waitress, small place, $15 and
roo.n; cook, Jewish style, $35. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st, . ■
/COLORED GIRL AS FAMILY COOK, $25.
\J MAR UN's, 749 Market St.
G~ IHL, ROSS VALLEY: $20; CALL EARLY.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL AS CLEAN-
Ijr er in an institution. MARGIN'S, 749 Market.
/> ERMAN SECOND GI L, ALAMEDA, $15;
v middle-aged American woman, housework,
$15; 10 youn^ Swedish, '.erman and American
housework girls, $10, $15. *.. R. HAN SEN &
Co., 110 Gear. St. .
WAI RESS FIRST-CLASS HOTEL NEAR
TT city. $20; waitress assist cbamberwork i.ear
city, $15; waitress, city, $15; woman cook who
has little child, boarding-house, country, $20, $25.
C. R. HAM*EN <fc CO.. 110 Geary st
WO WAITRESSES : iiOTEL, SOUTH, $20
X each, steady year round; ■ Scandinavian ranch
cook, $20 to *25; 2 waitresses same, country hotel,
»2 ' each; girl to assist in kitcnen, etc- $15; sec-
ond girl, etc. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG GIRL 12 TO 15 YEARS OF AGE CAN
X have a good home with lady In the conntrr
and small wages. MURRAY <_ READY, 634-636
Clay st. ■ ■
ANCH COOK. $20: GE MAN HOUBEKEEP-
er, $20. MISS CULLEN, 3-3 sntter st.
"VTURSE, $25; SECOND GIRL, $25; COOK,
-Li $: 0: 12 housework girls, city and country,
$20 an i $25; 0 young girls, assist, $10 to $16.
MISS CULLEN. 323 fruiter st
OUNG WOMAN COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL.
$30; laundress, $25; woman, with a child, as
housekeeper, $10. R. T. WARD <fe CO.. 610 Clay.
A' OUNG UIKL, COMPETENT FOH GENERAL
X housework and cooking; small washing. 219
Brodenck st ■■ -• . ■.
WOMAN TO ASSIST IN HOU»E AND CARE
TT of old lady; wages 912. 1700 Broadway, bet
9 and 11 a. m. . :
pAPABLE GIRL TO DO HOUSEWORK;
\J plain cooking. Apply 15-B Suiter st.
OMPETENT GE MAN GIRL FOB GEN-
eral Lome work. 917 Sutter st. '
m AILORESS ON . PANTS. 5% KEARNY ST..
X room 9. : .
\\l ANTED-GIRL, TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
TT wok. 1217 Webster st.
IRI- FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 513
Baker st.
T?XPERIE «CEl> TAILORESS WANTED ON
X- custom coats: also apprentice. 823 Geary st.
OMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWOttIC
160 Minna st. . ■ \ ■
W ANTED-GIRL FOR GEnERAL HOUSE-
TT work; call Monday. 8-11 a. m. 228 Pane st
W ANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
TT nnery. school: course thorough; class now
forming lor spring work: satisfaction guaranteed
22y a Geary St., removed from 410 leaven wortn.
L LYNN'S .DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X I Academy, 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week. ;
Y\T ANTED— GIRL FOR HOU^WORK In
TT small family. Call 920 Dolores at.
OMAN TO ASSIST LIGHT IiOUSEKEEP-
TT ing: family 2: $10 month; pleasant home. 515
Park Kve., East Oakland. ■;,..-:,".
1 ADY^OF ABILI . YAS GENERAL GENT
Xj for San Francisco: don't call if you have not
$30 to $100. to invest if proposition S ul:t \' °
661 V 3 Bush, rm. 10. hours 10 to 12 a. _.. 2t04 p. m
AM AND Wl VK ■ OR _ LADIES (CHKIs"-
tlans). who fully believe In the Holy scrip-
tures, to take charge of a mission; good referenced
i a r 4 Cal°i nSregatl ° a: bM ' loCalUy ' a^ • box
T/r'i!' ,' HE PUBLIC BE NOT DECEIVED-
-Li the McDowell is the best conducted and onlr
exclusive 1 tress-cutting school in the city; a visit
to our well-known academy will convince any
fn^inf. 6 ' 307 ! , Of v ¥ fact: a "ern 3 cut to order, 25c,
incluuins skirts; _ week" ssewing lessons free to ail
entering this week. McDDoWELI. DREss-CUX-
TING SCHOOL, 636 Market, opp. Palace.
IVJELLIE OLSEN-ANY INFORMATION IN
C" regard l <> her will be thankfully received by
her brother, HARRY OLSEN, box 16, Call Office.
PAPERED, $2 60 UP: WHITENED
*-*> $1 up: stains or blemishes removed; painting
by day or contract; 1200 Webster, tel. Stelnerj.3.;
T. AWRENCE CUT 1 ING SCHOOL rIS THE
Xj only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market St.
\\' ANTED— MEN .uNU WOiIEN TO LEARV
'» -barber trade: only a w«xsJti required: 100U
given and catalogue muu "r 1- *•• kuruer «scuooi,
1515 Howard su ? " .
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
ITI \\ inchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
-00 rooms; to $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and irom ferry.
BIAI.i. UlCl.l' .< AN 1 XI)
Aviv.T — v q u a 'l 'ir .-u* . TTT»2n77r~Y N ;
4 Japanese Jaiorers for counry; firjt-c asj
butter-ma .<-r; blacksmith he per to leara trade,
$15 to 9*o and found, ami hers. Apply to J. i .
CRObETT & CO., 628 -iucram -n:o St. _y
"X MERICAN MAN AND WIFE FOR PH.% \
A vate family, with references. $50; man Ml
contract to cut 2500 tords of 4-ft. white oak; 3 1
farmers, steady place, $.0: Wm. Taylor, the engi- • '
neer, please call. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st • ... • .
WAITKh, $8 A WEEK: DISHWASHER. $15
»» and room: boy to work in hotel, $B and r«> m;
good bedrnak»T, $15; middle-aged man to work in
a lodging-house; cheese and butter maker; second
cook, $50, . etc.; ho:el porter. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
CIOOK, Hotel work. $65 and BJOM.
) martin 749 Market st
PARTY WITII SOME CAPITAL T' • REPRE-
sent a map company. MA TIN'S, 749 Market
y ENC' H~H AD COOK. C UNTKYRESTAU-
A rant *75: Grman cook tor. country restau-
rant. $50: experienced storeroom man "for hotel,
$25. c. B. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
BUTTKB M.a K_B TO BUN •< !• l A R A TOR,
s c b Si here; farmer and wife, $40: 10 farm-
ers, $25, *20 and $13: bnggy-washer, $40: wood-
carver, $3 50 d.:y- and oth-rs. MURRAY ft
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay s . .
ANTED— A TRUSTWORTHY MAN A3
partner in a marketing business, Al location,
with $100 capital, to work In stop- and taka
charge of receipts and books- - Apply 1205 Broad-
way; take O'Fur.-eil-st. cars.
ANTED— MALE STENOGRAPHER, OWN*
ing typewriter, capable of doing office work.
Address J , box 170. this office.
VV r ANTED— NORTH GERMAN BOYIN GRO-
»" eery; one Of experience preferred. Inquire
Call office. '
pOATMAKER FOR COUNTRY. A PPr.Y TO
\J REISS BROS. & CO , 24 Sutter st
T7XPEBIENCED BOY HT TYPE-
J-i setting and Gordon pr. s«. 4 California, room 4.
AN; ED — GOOD RESTAURANT DlSH-
washer. 43 Second st
L'IRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER WANTED
X' for repairing. 767 Market st.
OOD NIGHT COOK WHO CAN BAKU
bread; al o vegetable man. 134 Third st
OJ; BLACK VAN IED AT l^Oly. OAK
X) street.
STRONG BOY, NOT UNDER 16. TO LKARN
O candy trade ; call at once, t-chaefer's. 22 Sixth.
O JAPANESE BOY- WANTED. 4-2 GEAKYi
— St.. restaurant ' 1
"PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BU^INEfiS-^
X must be able to give good references; no ottU
ers need apply. 33 >lxtn st , room 18. *j f
\\r ANTED— PHYSICIAN OR PHYSICIAN 7
"" and druggist for country town. ■ Apply to DR.
LOVi- Gran 1 Hotel, from 11 to 12 a. m.
QTYLISU AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
O our own make; $2 50. 969 Howard, nr. sixth.
EAMEN FOR EUROPE AND AUSTRALIA.
Apply 10 Sieuart st., upstairs-
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 15cA NIGHT;
0 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
L/AKB-US' rhulbCUV- UNION EMPi.OY-
X> -sent secretary. CONRAD IKOELL. 657 Uiar.
I I>ARBKR-~ FOK EMPLOYMENI CALL, SEC.
X) P. C Barbers' Assn. K. FUOHS, 325 Grnntaveu
oURNEVMEN BARHKKS' K-M fLOVJIOI'
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
LiAKBEK WASHSTANDS, ONE, TWO AND
1 > three bowls, neap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
EST 2-CHAIK BARBER-SHOP IN CITY.
A pply at 1 1 ay lor st.
KTr.W WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
1.1 ttd and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 103
tosoc.week 60c to 92: reading-room: strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet; open all night.
\\r ANTED— 6OO MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BEST
' > 5c and 10c meals. Old Economy, 410 Kearny.
LCHO HOL-i'., St>3i,2 MARKET ST.— ROOM 3
X- 20c, 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 weeg.
■pOSEDALE. 321 ELLIS— CHEAPEST AND
XV best :odging-house in :he city: open all night
INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 Thlttu ST., NR.
TT Marset: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading*
room: free bus and ba?gage to and from the ferry.
1. ANKRUPT SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
I' large SLOCk of boots and shoes that must be
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
spring goods. Cal. Boot ana Shoe Mfg. Ca's stores,
767 Market and 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
XV states Marine Corps. United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between tbe aicesof 21
! and 30 years, who are citizens of the United Mates,
or those who have legally (i dared their intention.
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
I and between 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height
! For further Information apply at the Recruiting
; Office, 20 Ellis st. San Francisco. <'ai.
I T/>OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c -MEAL OR
| X coffee an.l cakes 5c go to 13V-j Grant aye.
BEAT REDUCTION IN PRICKS AT THE
New Waldo House, 765 Mission st, bet. Third
and Fourth: per night. 10c, 16c, 20c and 5Uc. per
week, 60c. 90c, $1 25 and $2. " -
r ANTi.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed RoUln, Reno House proprie-
-1 tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to 93 per week. <IV
tl\ki\ ACME house. S-7 iIAKK_T «T., KM- M
X low Sixth, tor a room: _5c a night: 91 a weeS Jr*
HOES! SHOES I SHOES! NEW TO ORDER;
any style, %'i up; misfits and cast-oil shoes
bough, or exchanged; lares stock of second- nand
shoes: - first-class repairing; work . gU-ranuxtO.
■ 749 Mission st, near Grand Opera-house.
1 f\l\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15<J
1 \J\J and 20c a night. Including coffee ana roils.
624 Washington st , near Kearny. . ■
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN;
WKDDERBURN _ CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C-, for their $1800 l>rize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
\Kf ANTED, To COLLECT WAGES DUE LABJB
' » era_clerks. KNoX Collection A«cy. 110 Suiter
E^T IN CITY-SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per niche $1, 91 25, $1 50 per week,
Pacific House, Commercial and l.eidesdorrT sts.
\l, f ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 18c A DAY; 91
TV week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st
SIMU-n WANTS 100 MEN TO UET BOT-
. tie beer or wine sc: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
DOOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 600 TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
TT shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while yon wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
soling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from 92 np:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their - value, from 250 up to
92 00. 66-2 Mission st., bet. First K. ami Second st
AOKNTS WANTED.
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chief of the
United States army: first agent's commission
922 in 8 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whitaker <& Ray Company,
723 Market st.
"VTO MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH LIBERAL
Xi indncements to aeents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 San some si.. S. F.
BOARDING WANTED.
LADY WISHES 12-O'CLOCK DINNER, GER-
; XJ man family, near Twenty-second and Mission
sts. W. H. 1.. box 73, Call Office.
KOOBIS ANTED.
: m r A^TFTD^3~O^~TT : U^NTsH > ED^OR^UN^
• furnished rooms for housekeeping. Address
Room 53, Chronicle building.
ANTED— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS; RUN
ning water; central locatlo.i ; terms reasons
ble. E., box 87. Call Office. ■ • .
WANTED-MXSOEL,- ANEO U.S.
W' ANTED — CASH REGISTER IN GOOD
»* condition: cheap for cash. W. A., box 2 3, Call.
SECOND-HAND KO:<AK». CAMERAS. LEN-
ses. magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASnH^
X) doors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission s-
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry ti>»A.-KLEINj_O9 Sixth st: sen.l postaL
LOST. .
OST —; 6'FARR ELL," " "near - STOCKTOnT
cigar-case, with certificate for 4.0 shares ot
mining stock; a so two Mexican lot'ery tic_«:;s
and one cigar. FKANCIS HU-T, lS'iU Stockton.
LOST-2 RED COWS, 1 WITH SAWED HORN
and crooked front leg, 1 with white spot on
leftside, . hinder please return to A Ui.UsT PON-
TACO, Berlin and sa:i Bruno road, receive reward.
ATURDAY — "PU KM; BETWEEN PINE,
O nnsome and Bush sts. Reward it returned to
214 Pine, room 24.
NGi.ISH PUG. FEMALE; HARNESS, COI-
JjJ lar aid tag attached. Finder return to l'2by±
Fern aye., receive reward. G. A. 3CHADE.
OST -masonic > keystone .UH a X M
either on Kearny or Market st PI. ae return §
to this office and receive suitable reward. ■ '
LOST-LADY'S WATCH ; AND ENAMELED
JJ pin; 916 reward. P;.inUtore, 32 J-:iln st.
,T— A. PASSBOOK WITH THE HIISEKNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
in name of MARY ■ TERESA C >NLEY, No.
108, 304. Ihe - finder will please return to bank. ,
' « vVEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CKNTS— TIiI|J|
A WEEKLY CALL. In wraDaer. for mailing. JV
'.:... FOUND.
I"r»oxriti>-^BAY HORB k aT( io s a :>: "IiTTAtTS
Owner can have same; by paying expanses a)
l, olden Gate Vila. Oc«-Hti Beach.
. -.\ BIt!V<J_E.S.
"QP^CIAL^^^CVATNT'N^^^A^fD^ET^O^^
\J liana; highest grnrtes; lowest prices. DA vid
BROT-lKJttb, Cycle Dept, 25 Geary stFFSTNKSS VjTAXCK<».
1000 bargains F BAX_
CO grocery stores Prices from SI OO to $4000
• \% S° ffee ?"». l 0. onB Prlcos trotl » $200 to $1000
12 branch bakeries.. Prices from 50 to $500
■ S5 « £n« wood -Pice* iron. $35 )to ' BUO
«d^l.^ S Prlces frm ?350 1052500
dru-stores Prices from $2000 to 54t)00
' 0. . , BtoreB •• Prices from $200 to SI 2OO
- h'TK??'- v^W«W horn $800 to *850
g. U DKCKKK. IOtQ MsJktW.. opp. Fiftu.
IJARGAINd THIS WEEK ATTHKRKt U
> ble offlc sof HE aL v & co. -Is K?Jn? s "
French Uquor-s.ore at invoke price. ~
Dairy proauce and fancy groceries, etc.: kept by
P™;"" 1 owner 1j years; living-rooms; $250*
• • Bfanch bakery, candy, staiion-ry, no lons, cigars
. etc.; 4 Uvinit-rooms; near-Market; $12_--% . .
■ SlO 000 WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
■■ luhtrlV^ « il< l -»«"-e;oneofthebestestab-
lished and finesl locations in city; lon* lease:
«nf m C * Q " s ? same name; fine trade without
B9hcltlux. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye.
&400 PAR wanted in general
' t^; contracting business; no previous ex-
perience necessary . splendid chance; money se-
c— . Address J , box 73, Cull Qfli c. .
; U-.l>'r.UoA.>l man with his fcrni-
-•-». ture wants a man with 1-200 capital to help
D?B boafiuj 1 ySte * and cUop bouse. Address
D. 8.. box 112. 1^:1.
, YY' ANTi.D— REST SMALL CHICKEN
• . " ranch, with improvements in Sonoma Coun-
, ' ty. Address G. Buss.-.RT, 8-4 Valencia su
• C* ROC ER V AND BAK: DuING GOOD BUSI-
. v-» ness cheap reut ($15); selling on account of
. . having two places. Inquire 123 Silver st.
GOOu CHANI E FOR BUSINESS AN WITH
1 ' means. Address Q. P.. box 78, Call.
GOOD DOWNTOWN BUSINESS FOR SALE.
717 Mission st.
<fe V l( I ie \OL HAVE this amount
: <u;_. kj\j\j. in cash and can come well recom-
. mended, will give you interest in business tha
: will pay you $-2000 yearly, besides $100 mouth
:% salary; particulars only at personal interview;
thit is a chance 01 a lifetime. AUdress U. C., box
: 44, this office.
'. TS YOUR INVENTION NEWT. SEARCHES
X made in Patent Office $2; if examinai on is fa-
. vorable we charge nothing for prosecuting patent
application unless successful. Send sketch, lie-
: .scription an 1 amount .0 RAE& CO., Patent At-
. torne.s, 915 Ninth NW.. Washington, D. C
\\i - WANT TWO GOOD -MEN TO IAKE IN.
»' terest in our nearly all air burning gas rang
manufacturing concern: blj: prorlis guaranteed,
and full security given for capital invested. Call
and see o »r ranges in full worK at 124V2 O'Farrell
• st, from 2 to 5 p. I*. daily.
,' VOX. SALE— A.\ ELEGANTLY fITTEP-UP
' ii i^?n l * ore aoln B a one re. ail business; estab-
listied 15 years; best location; will clear 1100 a
1 month easily; a chance seldom offered; wU be
I sold reasonable tor cash. A. SCHAEFEK, 22 Sixth.
I "YOUNG HONEST AND KELIABLE MAR-
Jl ned man, with bank references, desires to ex-
, change a house and lot across the bay for an inter-
est and position in legitimate business; value
$3200. O 1 >.. care P«c. Cal. Co.. 83. 6 Eddy St.
<icVr\l! oi'Aliu.NJiKV, NOTIONS, ETC.;
«Q — U\J . established 8 years: line place and
business; good reasons lor selling. L., box 109*
Call Office.
TjUNE OPENING FOR DRY-GOODS MAN IN
J- rapid growing neighborhood; cor. Third aye.
and Clement, st.; with 4 rooms; Sutro cars pass
door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
"U 1 ASTERN HuUbE WANT KEsPuNSIBLE
J— party with $300 to $400 to control business on
this coast; big opening. Apply to MR KNOWL-
TO.s, hoyal _ous>-, 126 Ellis si., 9to 3.
<!liniin manufacturing business,
iS>X\J\i\J. well established: paying nell now
and can be largely increased. Address Manaiao-
luring. box 83, Call Office.
ffij 1 ii~ SALOON DOING A NICE CASH
• «iP 1 *-*.'. business: must be sol din 3 days; good
reasons for selling. 613% Bryani s;.
1?OR SALE — A FIRST-CLASS GROCKRY
and bar in - the Wes.ern Addition. Inquire
" WUHMAN, LUTCiEN <fc CO., 318 Clay at.
C^ OOD-PAYING CANDY, STATIONERY AND
X cigar-sore for sale cheap, account sickaesa.
Apply 1314 Howard St.
•• t7| |() MEAT MARKET FOR SALE; FINE
«Jp ' \>\J. Business : gr. -at bargain. Address M.
M., box 85, Call Office.
(£1 V n PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
•_ I— U. sistant, $40 per month, room and
board; guaranteed full value. 1., box 90, Call.
IJAKERY, NOTIONS, CANDY, CIOARS,
Xi groceries; 4 furnished rooms; good business;
cheap. 2604 >uttt r st.
. VhWsl'Afi.Kr.uUni; i.N iNT—Rio— Cl i'
X\ close to &ta Fra_c_t,o. For iiarticalara app.y
ibis office.
\\t ANTED— PA KTNEK WITH *40<>00 IN A
.'•*» grocery and liquor home established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. CaU Office.
• I'OR RENT — PRIVATE DINING-ROOM:
I: everything comnlete; excellent location. 227 :
Geary st.
RANCH BaK-RY AND RESTAURANT
near carbouse; ne.v; low rent. 3399 Sac-
ramento su
•T>AP_R ROUTE A( ROSS THE BAY: GOOD
X chance. E., box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
"T>«« «AL_— CORNER- BAKERY, CA.^DY,
X notion, etc. Apply Call.
Q/--ROOM HOLSE, I'OINCi GOOD BUSINESS;
OV cheap. Tl OM AS & C 0. ,: 33 sixth su, r. 18.
OLD COKNEK, HALLECK AND LEIDEa-
I'.orff sts., saloon, for sale cheap.
"DIG BARGAIN: Rfc-STAUKANT FOR SALE;
■P daily receip.s $10 to 350. 23 Third s:.
4 SNAP — RESTAURANT FuR SALE,
'•heap: good business; must sell. ' 218 Eddy.
«_.»» II «-vK.v_K' SA'OON ON FOURTH
• Q-JUW. at.; mnst be sold. Call office.
. (i> 1 ," / * CIGAR-STAND. AT 1352 MARKET,
«5 JL«.)U. a bargain; party to leave city.
p ENTLEMAN PARTN-R WANTED BY
VJT youiig lady of means. Room 3, 309 Suiter st.
ARTN E FOR SALOON; oTH ■ R BUSI-
-ne'ss connected: big money. ) 34-' Market st.
QJ (\l\ PARTNER; FINE-PA YING MAN'U-
tsVjyJ. factoring business. 1342 Market si.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOONiOR
IF YOU WANT TO t«ELL YOUR SALOON'OR
X BTOcerv for spot cash address I., box 120, Call.
\ _ a 1 Al_N 1, BEST OF ITS KIND, ITUR A
-i-l moneyed man. 623 Golden Gate are.
AILUR-^HuP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY ST..
J. near Montgomery aye. ; retiring from business.
OBIE FuR bALK Acßuas 'lH_ BAY. l.v
KoU 1 E >>.k SALt. AlKum llii. WAV. i.>-
outre at Call Office. - -
_OL»Gl>'tr-HOITSKS *OK SALE.
■ rf\ ROOMS, CLEARING $200..../.. „.... $2500
O\J 2 room bouse; fine corner :... 1500
-Small amount eaah balance payments.
10-room house, worth $t>oo,only 300
15 rooms, tine corner; payments 800
ib-room House; rooms all rented tiOJ
8 rooms: near Ctiy Hall: uew. 250
14 rooms on Folsom st., near Third 35j
ti6-room corner bouse, new fnrnltuis........ 3000 I
85 rooms on Market s:., offer warned. 85'J
12 rooms, central, good furniture 25ii
H. C DECKEI:, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
M. M'hCK & CO., 602 MAB.KKT ST.— l4
. rooms. Sutler St., physicians' offices, 5575;
18 rooms, rent $40, safe an 1 paying. $400 35
rooms, near Geary and Mason sis., clears $130;
60 rooms, popular boarding-house, ra-e bargain.
T /.-ROOM _OARDING-HOUSE; 20 BOARD-
J-O ers; oiler wanted.. H. C DECKER, 1020
Market st.
O/l-ROOM HOUSE, NR. MAF.KET feTREKT:
t)i sickness ' cause of selling; make offer.
PHELPS <fc CO., 917 Larkin st.
PARTLY' FURNISHED LODGINU-HOUSE
X containing SJ rooms and bath: 810 Mission st.;
rent reasonable. MADISON _ BURKE.
tin FURNISHED KOOMS; CHE ON AC-
— O count of owner leaving city. 910 Howard st.
• EFORE BUYING OR Si-.LLING HOUSES OR
Xi businesses see a. M t- LKINB, 906 Market SU
FIiRNITCBE VVANT_iI>.
C USE" PAID FOR E.nTIHE HOUSES UK
) smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc, J-
BOWCHER. 222 Stockton: send poata.. .
IF YOU WANT G'»Oi> PRICKS Fun FU RN I-
ture and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkln.
UiHKH.rH.IV-. IHA.N ANYWHEKEPAID
by Indian • Aoctlon C 0.1057 Market. opp.Jonei
HKMTLKii tOli bALK../
CilA.s. .VI. VLVM <fc CO, UPHOLdT-itSf >--»■
V 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NIN I H.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Good*.
• A(U\ CARPi-.TS; CHAMBER Si-- 1 $14
*i\J\) stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldinc-bedj.
• 10: bar ontjts. T. P. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
1 L. J. NEUMANN'S,- 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
as new: cas • or on lime: open evenings.
17" ING FURNITURE CO., -29-31 MARKET.
iV furnish 4 rooms, *.8 io»SU: best bargains.
IjUCKJNGUAM^URNITLkE CO. — LOWEST
, ■1) prices: furniture, carpe;s: all grades. 866 Mils' n
CAJUMti.' VL,HAJiUHi.
T^y^T^aTc^R^tTlEA N IXOWORKS:
Kj cleans, moves, lays carpets. O. H. STE\ ENS,
Jij<r. 88 and 40 lghth St.; telephone Sooth 2&a
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
booth 33. P. MACKINTOSH & Co., successor*.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toKFAULDING'S PloneerCar-
p«t-beatlng Works, 853-67 'iehamast.; tel. Ho- 4D.
T E. MITCHELL. CAKP_T-« LEaNIN<* CO..
J . 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7..
p A KPET-C LEAN ING. 3c: LAYING. 8c: o^ 0a
\j ■ample* free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 198 th
KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WOKKS
\J 333 Golden Gat« aye. Telephone East l^a.
_O A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPBT-
O cleaning Works, 11 Eighth bu
PROFESSIONA— CARDS, v.
JOHN K. KICH ARDS, LAW OFFICKS.BOOM3
O 26 and 27, Crocker tou_al_* Msiephone Maia
75, ban Francisco, Cal. .- ; :"
. 1 OHN K. AiTKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHEH.
v aui : a *: l_w. iuia 515, 16. DtU iloor, Paxrou did*
HOtTSK^ TO LET.
6 ROOMS AND YARD; FINE VIEW: RENT
$15. Key 1325 Washington su. near Jones.
'L.i I TENTH— SUNNY ROOMS, YARD
«J— J and basement; rent cheap.
*->fkU FKLL— LARGE LOT; HOUSE 8 KOOMs,
tJ.U J bath; $35. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
I A ROOM HOUSE ; ALL MODI- RN CON-
■' \J veniences: carpets for sale if desired. Call
bet. 10 a. m. and 2 p. M., 1410 Ful.on St., beu
Broderick ana Baker. ' ;
-) ;I 1 A GEAKY-HOUSE: 7 ROOMS A.ND
— -il\J bath; large stable and yard.
k <_l C 7 -BOOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
■IP IO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason st.
&Q 5 ROOMS. SMALL. IN GOUP ORDER.
C t7. Part of house 303 First, cor, above Folsom.
C? ~| 1 AND $18; TWO FRAME HOUSES;
tj 1 JL 1 tour rooms and cellar and six rooms and
storeroom; water free; quiet and respectable
neighborhood. 4 and '/ -all a place, north side of
Caliiornia st., below Stockton; key at 8.
TO RENT — NICE HOUSE. lOTI AG E OR
flat, Me SCRIBNER CO., 7 City Hall aye.,
and save looking around. . ■ •
1 ROOMS A>DBiI«, CHEAP. 429 THIR-
*! teenth st., beu Valencia and Guerrero.
HOUSES IO KiiNi' FOX VKKV LITTLE
money at BALL-WIN -HAMMOND'S. ID
MontromerrsU _
COTTAGES IO LET.
S^UNNY COTTAGE: 6 BOOMS; BATH:
0 large basement: yard: stable; cheap. 107
GermHnia -t ■ near Flllmure. -
I'^OlTAUh. OF 4 ROOMS, BATH, TUBS A2SD
} J large yard. - SU3 Pol* st
/■COTTAGE 4 ROOMs; LAROE YARD. 214
\J CoUingwood St.. near Nineteenth
.- R- OBa, BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
0 rent reasonable. 120 i-illmore st.
<_ r. ■i\A N L> $9 — CuTT AG i- S, 3 AN 4
<p I .i')\J rooms: good order: water free. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant su, or UMBSEN <£ CO., 14
Ylonmornery st
FIKNISHKI) FLATS.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHEP FLAT OF 6
rooms and piano: call bet 1- and 2. 12 Met-
calf place, bet. Mason and Tavl r. eg Geary.
tLATS lo LET.
£» /^i^SHOTWM IJ.^FUBNISHBD OR ON-
DUD furnished: 5 rooms; modern: tower win-
dow; $10 and $18.
\TICE FLAT; 6 KOOMS: CHEAP; BAY-W1 -
IN dow; bath, pantry; closets in every room: sta-
tionary wushtubs: yard, dr vaway. stable: base-
ment: 2 canines passing. 2508 Bryant aye.. bet.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth sts. .
I-pl NE S U NN y"fLAT" TO RENT: CHEAP; 4
J rooms. Apply la Su Rose St., ofi Masonic aye.
4t}Q FELL ST.— MODERN SUNNY 5-ROOM
.— O flat: bath: large basement: rent $23.
_Hft PAGE, N. W. COX. OF PiER'E— SUNNY
CUU upper flat; 7 rooms and bath: $25
VTEW FLAT: ft ROOMS AND BATH: YARD,
IN cellar and stable: rent reduced. 88 Sharoa st.,
bet. Fifteenth and sixteenth, Sanchez and Church.
-. 1 - iMOPERN, HUNNT, UPPER, CORNER
•th 1 i . flat: 6 rooms and bath. 4600 Eighteenth
St., corner of Ha. tie.
7*i(iA C.ROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS
I JLV and bath; large yard; sunny.
_. Q U PPEK FLAT WITH 3 SUNNY ROOMS.
JJrO. 27 Pearl St., ne Valencia, off Market.
_» 1, . FLAT: 4 ROOM-; HALL: DOUBLE
IU. parlors; yard. 1606 Vi Stevenson st., near
high eenth .
ji. 4 .1 774 STEVENSON. Nf.AR NINTH—
— U. Elegant new modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Apply DAVID STERN &SONS, 20 Mont-
gomery st. ■ ' -■'
AYES VALLEY PHOTOGRAPH GAL-
lery, with 9 rooms: rent $35. 3.^9 Hayes su
TO LET— 4 RO -MS; $11. 812 JESSIE ST.,
near > inth. Key at grocery.
7 ROOMS: UPPER AND LOWER; $45; $37 50;
1 sanitary plumbing. 720e Bus ■ st.
»1_ PROSPER bT., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
— O block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 6-room flat: rent $15; water fr^e.
1 -7 (\U POST— S-ROOM FLAT; BATH;
1 i UP garden: re t $17.
© 1 3 114 SAN JO E AYE., N>i. TWKNTY-
»JJS I Z. third st.— Six sunny upper rooms; ■ ath.
1 A Q FULTON- EXTR v FINE UPPERFLAT;
lii 7 rooms: bath; $35. .
UNNY 5-KOOM FLAT: BATH; RENT $12.
40 >1 Nineteenth st , near Castro.
EXTRA ELEGANT NEW FLAT, 8 ROOMS
and bath. 1014 a Valencia su; reasonable.
/CHOICE, SUNNY. 6 ROOMS, MODERN IM-
\J provemenis, 170t>A Hyde sU; aiso.4 sunny
rooms, 1120 Broadway. $14.
t) NICE FLATS: 4 i.UOD ROOMS; SEPARATE
JL yard«; $13. 624 Six. St. .. *
TThEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 623 a Seventh st.
A 077 HAIGHT . ST. — FLA T OF 4 ; ROOMS.
"JO 12 yard and basement; sunny; $11.- " .. ' ■-..
I>LATS TO rtiTvF FOR ViiRY LITTLK
r money at BALDWIN & HAMMONI/:* lv
jaontgomery St. -.--\^~ " ' , ,__ . ,
I HO 1 HAIGHT. NR. BAKER— N ICE 6-ROOM
lU_jl flat: best block on Halght; fine view. ■
_»1O FLAT OF FIVE SISSY ROOMS aND
tjpl^.. basemenu 706 Birch aye., nr. Buchanan.
/CHEAPEST 7 AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
as free. •
I b_.i__El'_N<jr, • itOOjUsJ
Bryant Street. ■ > '^ ...*•
AOf\ BRYANT --1 ON I SUNNY ROOMS;
<tij\J nicely furnished for homekeeplng.
Buchanan Street.
/inn BUCHANAN, COR. FELL — SUNrTY
K)\J L bay-window, kitchen; other rooms, house-
keeping. ■ ' : ■■
Ellis Street.
3 Of) ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
- _<■ housekeeping rooms also su tea and single.
go 1- EDDY— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
00 1 complete for housekeeping. ■■ .
Federal Street.
r-n FEDERAL— I FURNISHED ROOM; USE
iO of kitchen: $5. ■.-, : '■ ■
irlltll MrM.. *~ .
Ci FIFTH— 3 BOOMS; ELKGANTLY FUR-
- 01 nisbed lower flit complete for housekeeping:
suitable tor doctor;* also partly, furnished; no
children. , ' ■ * '
• (U) FIFTH— NEW HOUSK, SUNNY BAY-
• \J'J window roam. $14, kitchen, range; other
sunny single rooms. $8 and $10.
Hayes Street.
QOA HAVES, NR. FRANKLIN— 3 OR 4 FUR-
O^.U nislied rooms for housekeeping, with nice
range connected; re»B3nable. *
uutttt.ii uiiea..
n(\A HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINELY
i Un furnished light housekeeping rooms; also
other rooms. • •
1 1 Owl HOWARD-SUN NY FRONT SUITE,
_l_loB furnished for housekeeping; bath: $12.
l>yUe Stree..
OOfi HYDE— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
ZoU rooms, complete, $15: front room, $12.
- kk.eH.rny street. - .
OOA KEARNY-2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
— O\J for housekeeping; either coal or gas stove.
oe»kie Street.
A AQ JESSIE— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
_ _y also single and double rooms; cheap.
Lewis Street.
©1 1 3UNFUBNISHKDUPSTAIRSROOM3.
(Jll. 16 Lewis sU, off Taylor, near Post.
Ala. ket (Street.
VnOQ MARKET— 2 CONNECTING ROOMS,
IU_O $7: 1 sunny front room. $13. .
tiAQo AIARKET-2 NICELY FURNISHED
ZUt/O sunny rooms for huusekeep ng.
Mission Street.
QGQ MISSION — 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
ODO complete for housekeeping. •- : " -:■■'■■
UAH MISSION — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Urz I housekeeping. . ...; ■ ■ : ■ ■
1O I 7 MISSION - BAY-WINDOW FRONT
1_ 1i ■ suite complete for housekeeping. . '
■ . ; : : Moss street.
-10 MOSS. OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH— 3
It) famished rooms complete for housekeeping
- . Oct«Tia Street.
1 Af\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— CONNECT-
X _v/»» Ing bay-windows; housekeeping. :.\ In-
quire 639 Ellis su . ;
second ."Street.
~(\Q SECOND— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
OUO fur housekeeping; rent reasonable.
• veufion Street. ,
- ■ ■ -*•-?• ____. ■ - ■ • '.
=■ rtf) STEVENSON. CORNER BIXTH-2FUR-
-OU_ nisbed or uKiurmsheu rooms to let; reason-
able.', .■■ '■; '.■ ~' : -.- ■ ■■'-' '?■■■"' --■'. ; ' ''■-■•■".'
lt»yior-»ir«»»i. '
m TAYLOR— 2 . LARGE SUNNY FRONT
rooms; housekeeping if desired; rent low.
»i.ii (I > r«t».. • ■
c 1 Q THIRD. COR, SOUTH PARK—
OJ.t/ nished housekeeping rooms. ■ ■.-■'- ■
: > »u"l\e*«; Aveuue. f
QIC VAN NESS AVE.— HANDSOMEIiV FUR-
< ' ' « ' nished alcove, dressing and bath room at-
tached, ' carpets and ■ furniture . new, ana kitchen
for licht housekeeping, quiet, reasonable: also fur-
nished or unfurnished parlor floor, 4. rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1890.
ROOMS TO LEI. .
.; bum street.
79£ BUSH — NICE sUNNY FURNISHED
• room; rent- reasonable. - " ■ "
Capp Street. ,
f\ I _. CAPP-THREE CONNECTING SUNNY
"i-Tt rooms; fu nished single room; yard.' ~
» JKighth Street. . - ,
QHEBMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 sU, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
. Ellid Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, - 126 ELLIS — IXCANDES-
cent lights In every room ; reading-room, con-
taining daiiy pa) ers: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; .open all nl?lit; rooms .per. night. 35c to
$1 sj: week, $2 to $B;. month, $8 to 830: tire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready :hot and cold water In each room; baths.
THK KAMOSA, JBU KLL.IS). V.MR*. KATRI
1 HART, mena«:er— A quiet house: centr»lly lo-
reted; newly furnished: elevator: hot _ cold water.-
-"... ' 1 IHU street. ;_vp
-I A 7 PLEASANT SUNNY CNFUR-
- 1" * % nisbed rooms. . .
1 Or SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
_L -_,l> nicely furnished double front rooms. ■
luismii >treo..
QC7I FOLSOM,' NX. SIXTH-FURNISHED
00 i 2 rooms; front SI 50; single $1 wee*.
Ovary Street. ■ • '- - • ' '
91 c GEARY— UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
—ilO Key 217 Geary st.
A(\X GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
tUiJ ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
ARTiNEITI, 1101 GEARY. SW. OR. VAN
Ness— suites and similes: newly furnished.
Greenwich Street.
n-l rl GREENWICH ST.— LARGE FRONT
01 I % room: gas, grate, bath, including washing
and mending; $8 per month. . : .
drove street.
9-1 /\ GROVE— SUNNY. MDE; HOU3EKEEP-
-LU ing rooms; front and back parlor; kitchen;
$20. ■ - -
Ilaiglit Street.
9] HAIGHT— FURNISHED ROOMS.
, Hayes Street.
QOn HAVES, NEAR FRANKLIN— NICK
• !«-U suite of rooms, with sma I room attached;
closets and bath; suitable for doctor or dentist;
with use of piano: for 2 or 3 gentlemen. - :
Howard sire»..
UAQ HOWARD— I OR MORE FURNISHED
Q^tu rooms. ■
71 A HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
. I 11 front parlor; also single rooms; rent cheap.
(,QQ HOWARD, COR. *IXIH— NICELY FUR-
• O'" nished suites. $3 50 a week: single beds,
$1 25 to SI 50: double beds, »1 tO to $2 50 week.
Jones street.
Oft 7 JONES— THE , VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I - management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc : $10 to s3o.
Kearuy Street,
ABLIITGTON BOUSE, 127 KF.ARITT —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: n'rst
I>_ln » rwipect : termi reasonaDl*- !
VKW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
_ 1 corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20. 25 50
cents per night: special rales per week or month.
EARNY. NR SUTTER— 2 U.NFUKNI-HED
front rooms, offices or housekeeping; gas free;
$10 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
i.-i-kiti street. -.
Q97 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN. GATE AYE.—
O— I 8 large bay-window parlors; splendid for
offices. :".•:■•'
i^.V ' Market Street.
I Q7A MARKET— LARGiS SUNNY SUITES
J.O I \J or s ngle, unfurnished; new2-stor>- brick.
V OSEMIT »? HOUSE, 1045 MARKKT — MSB
1 night. 36c to «1: week. SI 60 to $6: families.
Aic-Allister siren.
■! f\OA MCALLISTER-FURNISHED ROOM;
IUOt large closet: u<e of bath; rent
Minna Street.
OOn MINNA. CO". EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlsbed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house; $ 1 60 to $<> per week.
.barrel l stiooi. . .
QQI O'KARRKLL— SUNNY FURNISHED
00l rooms, with grat 1 ; housekeeping privileges.
Fine Street. '
/^9l pivE — ROOMS 55". UP: .; RUNNING
\j<u 1 water; sunny; quiet: grate: gentlemen. .
: lost Street. -
"PANDOLPH," 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
Xv 60 bay-window parlors: smaller rooms; run-
ning water; gas: SI 60 to $4 per week.
1 oh ell Street. : • .;
OfIQA POWELL — FINE SUNNY FRONT
—\J'> suite; also double rooms. L. STOKES.
- second Street.' : -
mRKCOND-NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms: I single or double; $lupawe*lr.
' , Sixth Street. "
I Ql SIXTH— NICE SUITE OF BOOMS. SUIT-
-1 1 '2 able for offices or manicuring parlors; cheap.
QQ SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
9/19 sixth— LA RUE front ROOM with
— 1 — fireplace: $6 per month.
..;.'•_ Stockton street.
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
-1 nished rooms, en suite or single: hot, cold water
in every room; baths: elevator; transient solicited.
1 turn Strea , *
1 7 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — PUNNY FUR-
-1 • nlshed rooms; tourists specialty, transient.
CQ7 THIRD. BET. SOUTH PARK r AND
Oij I Brannan— Large sunny front room, with
grate ani use of piano If desired. <•'.. • • . . r .
Treat Avenue. -
I "I Qn TREAT AYE. -LARGE SUNNY DOT -
-1 L «-/'» bi ■ parlor with alcove: suitable for dress-
maker, doctor or dentist; board optional. ••
Twelfth Street. 7
91 9 TWELFTH-UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS
— 1 — and. bah: all conveniences. Apply in rear.
. . BOARDING AS!) KOOMS. .
TT^I^O^T^NTc^TY^FURNISHTfD KOOmIs!
Il_ with board; suitable for 2; 20 each; use
of parlor. .'■ "
rf\(' VAN NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
I UO nished rooms, with. board; perfect home:
prices v«*ry low. ;
T A HUE, ' PLEASANT ROOM: RUNNING
XJ water: for 2 945: single 22. 708 O'Farrell.
FT! HE ABBOT-<FORD. B. OADWAY. NR. FOLK.
1 Quiet, ho ■ ellke: term* mod : bo rd optional.
TJ OTi-LBK RILING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
XI hotel; references; all modern conveniences. ■ .
Q/\U VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
< WO hit oms: rood hoard: rpa"«onab'<*.
\ 'SsTOUJi.-i . i.« LET. ,
T^ri7Tiio*wXß^D! cor! fTkTrte^enth^
1 Ov/Z store-.'livlng rooms: rent cheap, \ ;
mjoc STORE 3 RO MS; LIGHT CELLAR.
—O. 1128 Howard st., near Seventh.
ffljQ STORE; VERY DESIRABLE LOCA-
O*.'« tion for barber-shop. Opposite Twenty-fifth-
-1:. station. ■ ,?. - , v - : .
STORE SUITABLE FOR BUTCHER OB
fruit: rent reasonable. 118 FlllmOresu :.-
TORE. 1524. HOWARD. COR. LAFAYETTE.
with fixtures; cheap rent. - . .-^
Af)(\ FOURTH — SMALL STOKE WITH '
_.W rooms in ■ rear; ■■ low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
A T LOW RENT— PART O(' STORE AND
J\. ba-em<*nu; 324 Pos*. st. .
OF* lets TO IOICT. .'-..,--
-g^rTrfARKKTTcORfrKR sToCKToI?--^FUR-t
CO\> nißbed or unfurnished rooms; sun all day;
first floor adapted for professional. r-'.;j.t.^'
LEG ANT OFFICES FOR PHYSICIAN OR
dentist in tbe Y. M. C. A. building. Mason and
Ellis . sts.; bright, sunny j rooms; all 1 modern . Im-
provements. , Al*o a fine store; rent low. v
: . " . rKOPOKALS. >. .
"p'bopoh als" -for "the^. "erection CF i A
X brick scboolhouse. - Office Board of Education,
San Francisco. December 12, 1890. In accordance
with a reso ution adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion of the City and County of San Francisco,
Sealed Proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schoo's, In open session of
the Boar I of - ducat. on. on- Monday, December
28, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p.m. for the erection
and completion of a brick, school building on a lot
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets. lin said City > and t County, I.i accordance
with plans and specifications, which may be seen
at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of said
board, room 55, Flood | building, southwest corner
'Fourth and Market streets.- isepar bids will be
received - for (1) , the building exclusive of ; the
work for which spe lal bids ' are ■ required: . for (2)
heating ana ventilating, and fi r (3) plumbing and
gasfitilng. •"•■ Each bid must be accompanied by a
certified check as ' required by t the 1 specifications.;
The p:.rty or parties to whom - contracts ' may ,be
awarded will be r< quired prior to or at time of the
execution of the | contracts to ray their proportion
of the cost of ad vert. sine mis no. ire In three daily
new-papers Bian>t : proposals j furnished .by ■ the
secretary. • The board : reserves the right to reject
any or all bids, or an v portion - of any > bid > as . the
public good may reouire. .• ■ * . - -.; "■■- ■..■• ;. ■
— ■ GEOROii BEANSTON. Secretary. "'.■
PFHSONAT,<I.
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRIC BATHS.
POSITIVh. CURE .
FOR .
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Dyspepsia, Catarrh and
Nervous Prostration. • ■ .
SANITARIUM.
I Sunny rooms ai>d hygienic board if desired; free
consultaiion 1 to 3 and 6toB p. M. ; Sundays 10
to 12. :-■ ■" ; ; - - ■. ■■■ '■•- . ■ ;;-'• -SVV-; .
1533 BUCHANAN ST., NEAR GEARY.
f DR. SMITH'S Catarrh Inhalent, 50 cents bot-
t!e, has a record ' of ; curing • thousands of . cases of
catarrn.'; ■• ■-■- ' .' ■ ; . .-v. •'■ ';;■■■ .:.•'.*■■■.'•■- .- >■;■.. ■-. 7 -
, V MEANS OF PATENT HEATERS- I RE-
• - duce the time usually taken for shampooing
the hair considerably; shampoo, w.th pain hair-
dressing, 50c: . halrdresslns, 25c; "Qutnonia"
Hair Tonic, G. LEDERER,. 111 Stockton
su. near Geary. . ' ■ v : -
ENTLEMAN, WITH INCOME $3600 A
,vT. year, needs • $1000 to perfect invention and
patent: will pay 12 per cent and a contingent
bonus of 000 for loan. Address MR. JONA-
'I HAN, pcstofilce box 188, Sacramento.
ANI ED— PUPI. ALRATEM; DAY
or evening clasB hairdressing -25c; up to
date. Parlors 102t> Market st., over tbe»Wonder.
ij AD V ' 7 UR-LfNED ENGLISH-MADE
i-t coat: driving or traveling; new; g. eat sacri-
fice. 437 Geary St. .
L-'OR SALE — FINE TALKING PARROT;
XV very tame. Valencia Market, cor. Twenty-tnird
and Valencia • , , .
ARTIN>TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 ■ and Newspaper • I lustration— . Christmas
va'ation extends from December 18 to January 4,
1897. Particulars at 424 Pine su
i, OR SALE— '& OF THE FINEST LOUISIANA
I mocking-birds. in song; will guarantee them.
239 Langton St.; apply beu 2 and 6 p. _. -- '
1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicine* fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 10291* Market afc,
' Ceu sixth and Seventh. San Francisco, Cal. '
ADVICE FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
—X. cialty: private no charge unless successful:
'all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market
URN_TT'a CORN CU'Rii— SURE CUR_ FoTt
IJ corns, bunions, warts: -f>c. 327 Montgomery.
C CLEANi-.U rKt.-Siin, $1; REPAIRS
.OOyelne done. 131 Mout!;omery,r.j4:tel.red 2374,
WALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
-1 ? inn. painting etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster sU
SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENT
watches, diamonds, Jewelry in great variety at
lactory price* A. A. XI TTEK, 138 Montgomery.
RS. THOMPSON'S .MANICURING AND
hair-dressine parlors removed to 8 Mason st.
O WHOM II MAY CONCERN— THE PUB-
llc Is hereby notified that, on October 20, 1896,
the undersigned purcnased the coal yard aud busi-
ness located at 1511 California street. Sau Fran-
Cisco, and that be will not bo responsible for any
debts co > tract ed In connection wiih said busin ss
prior to said date. . . I. te. BOSTWICK.
Stockton, December 12, 1886.
ul« I A DOZEN — FINE CABINETS Al' WlL-
<jpl SON'S nailery. 1028 MarkeU _^
IGHEsT PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H *ND La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAHK <Jl6 3d.
1.. IG OUTDOOK STERkOPTICON .-HOW EVE-
• > ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living lisbt; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1 140 Market st.
EL CTRIO . LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third sU, nr. Market;
200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 1 er night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.^BE'S, 870 Hussion, cor. 6th.
IVOKCr, AND ANNULMENT Of MAR-
rlage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address locs box F, 9u6 Market St., S. F.
E MAKE THE BEST *12 SUIT TO ORDER
in the U.S. NEWHAUS _ CO.. 115 Kearny.
1. IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
' elry, etc.; lowest rates. . 948 Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the kinetoscope films; prices2so.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market st.
1 l\(\{\ CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARDS, ETa
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22y a Geary st.
I>AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
XV ment: fine edge put on razor for "Scents. '
ATL'HES, DIAMON JEWELRY OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices: muss move; building
to be torn down. 6 and 7 Third st. ...
PUPTURK ANP PILES CURED: No PAY
XX until cured: send for book. HR& MANS-
FIELD A PORTr. HFIELI) 838MarkeisU.
LOAKS, FUKS AN i> bUll'S RETAILED AT
v^ wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansom* st.
. lil.l.^s.UAhtio.
SUITs; MADE FKOM S3 UP: SKIRTS, '76c:
capes, $1: ti guaranteed. 6691/2 Stevenson st.
OX ANTS.
M^?7>RT^H(JM"A^rsC i N ITfTc^RE V r?A
i'l er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas.,
present, future; consultations on ail affa rs; noth-
ing excepted; names ; given; good a j vice: sure
help; restores lost lov» by svmpatny; mistake Im-
posalble; fee SI ; lett»rs2.- 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
ME. l-CHMIDT, CLAIKVoYANT. TELLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. HANSKN: THE BEST FUTURE SUO-
cess assured: 25c; one price. 41 Minna St.,
near - econd. , . . . : .
YPSY LIIE- READER REMOVED TO 8
Seventh St., nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
\l ISSMKLVINA. CLAIKVOYANT; PICTURE
111 future huiband Or wife, 60c 766^ Howard.
•..iIE. t ANNIE DAVIS, LUCKY MAGNETIC
1U healer: cards rend. Room 2, 122 Post sU
I~~)RTUNESTOLD BY~BOTH MOTHER AND
X daughter: truths. ■ 1635 Hyde st.
AIK. aYUJLi^n. IELL^ fuull CKADL& To
grave: pictures given: ladles 25c : M 4 O'Farrell.
K-.B.B« L MANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut in the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
ISS NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CARD
reader. ) 20a Eddy su, room 1. •
\,|ME. HAVANA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i'« business advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth
MB.' MOKEAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee2ftc up. 764 Howard
ME. MABEL woods, CLAIKVOYANT
and magnetic bealer. Room 8. 107 Post st.
ME. RAY B..NNETT— CARDS R AD; MAG
netlc healing specialty. X.2, 122 Post, Ist floor.
\\ HAN SEN, PALMIST, CAKD-KEADER:
ill past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th su, r 6.
ME. Dri YOUNG HAS ARRIVED; CARD.
reader; magnetic healer. 309 Sutter, room 'A i
Ar. ME. LEUKTTE- CL\IRVOY ANT _ BUS.
1 advice: 25c: one price. 311 Tebama, nr. 4th.
ME. WALTER3OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA-
dl»s, 25c: gents, dOc. 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
31 pearl, magnetic healer;
lucky palmist charms. Room 2, 2.3 Post St.
ME. HARRISON OF NEW YORK: CARD-
r*-id r, maenetic healer. R. 17, 109 a Powell »U
Mll.lllALi.lJl.
MMX. (SMAN, TRANCE MEDIUM, INDE-
pendent card-reader. life readings, love aSxlrs,
business Investments, mining speculations. 83S
Mission st. . ;
._*»/• MCALLISTER— MRS. C. . J. MEYER;
• 'ZD test meetings every night, 10c- Tne., Wed.
cfcFn., 2 p.m. ; trance dr., Sat. eve 25c; bus. sit ling*.
RETURNED— J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIR-
IX voyant tra .ca test medium and lite reader.
218 Stockton st. ■ .' . , : "
RS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Fri.. 2P. m., 25c. 233 Valencia.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writ 'T. 118 Hatch St.; hours 9 until 6 p m.
aVi*NOTXBJtt.
H'^^y^nljtiSm^ScTkn^i^icTll^y^^^
success grtd.HvpnotlcMesmerlclns,6 O' Far re 1
•■ ..- ■■ >,:.; UJ_MTisX3. ;;j , •• -
DR.L.T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown worK, bridge ■ « one and ' teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NX. cor. Stockton.
01; 7 - FULL Sr.T OF 1 tr.t.TU WORTH $16;
*p I . warranted 5 yrars; extraction free; fillings
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ■ .;
R. JES-UP, DENTIST, FORMERLY SU/T- !
ier and Monu'y, can be fou id 318 Kearny St. . ,
HAJLtANT _ CHALFANT, MOVED ROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridnework aspeclalty.
L ULL Shi oF 'IEKTH, »7. WARRANTED:
J filling 60c crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 V a 3d.
OOLTON D !■- AT AIi ASSOCI* fJON, »ott MAR-
ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. : .
(11. 7 A ISET *OK I^ETH— WAi. RANTED AS
■«D • . good as can be made; filling $1 DR. sIMM^L
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.,
PAINLKsS . i~XTRACIIO.N, 60o; ; CRoWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up; 13 yean'
experience, R. L. WALSH, P.P.S.. 815% Geary.
DR. LUPLUM HILU 1443 M.ARKKT ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;'
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given. . .
ET>O* TEEIH WIT 1 1 oUT A PLAT-. UK
VJ H. O. Young, 1841 Polk st. , :y -
1 K. J. J. L_K_. lilOtt MARKET, COX. UOLU_N
'X/,Gate aye. ; open evemmts; Sundays' till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
;\J ket, bet. Bd and 4th; .: gas specialists; ■ painlesi
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill. $1 up.
DR. UtUKlili W. LEEK. THE ■"; GENUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
sod patentee ot improved - bridge work or ; teeth
without any plate, moved from to 20 FarrelWt
LL WORK . REASON ABLK : AND ' WAii*
ranted. PH. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su
STORAGE. v
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FIRE-
O proof building: advances made, j 211 Larkin. .
J FURNITURE. PIANOS. TRUNKS; AD-
■T vances. shipping,* Has. 12 TAYLOIt.2O4 Ho _
;?Jr_LYSIOIANji.
DR. c. 0. o'bonnell; ; 1206 ; MARKET, COR
U Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty
EDUCATION AX.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, *4 POST—
Bookkeeping, : business . practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ,
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market su ; expenses less, scholar-
ship better than elsewhere; teachers' preparatory,
course free. ■•.'■.-'••'• ..'■:.•■.'••.■ ■■'.'.': _ ••■'•'■. .:.= ,- - . ;■ •-. . .:■'••'•■•■■
■ A YRES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.; individual , Instruction 'in
shorthand, typlntr. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $50. l"w rates per week and mo.
NGiNEERING SCHOOL; . MECH.. ELEC,
XV civil, -.'p mining,' survey, assay. arcMU. X ray
taught :es. 1864. A. VAN PER N AILLh.N.723 Mkt
IJOOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN b'WEEKS
Xf or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572,'Parrott Emporium building. ■
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
'" na«re. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
FRENCH TAUGHT: -NEW METHOD; PRO
fessoirdlrect from Paris. J., box 10. Call Office
lil'i'AK, MANHOLIN, PiANO AND VoCaL
lessons. $3 ma Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
DOSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
XVmoved to Dono >oe bldg.cor Market&Taylorsts, I
I>OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITHMTC. ORAMR,
Odav night: no daises; $5 month. 845 Mission.
VT IOHT SCHOOL;HEALP'S BUS.COLLEGE; 24
xi Post ;commercial, shorthand, English :low rates.
ROF. I.OUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDi iLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS . GRADUATE;
French. German languages :s2 mo. 109Taylor,r7.
IiIM^AL LNSTIiUMKNTS. ■
AS CHRISTMas IS '''COMING ANP YOU ARE
—3. wondering what to give your loved ones for a
present, we suggest that you favorably consider a
piano; we ' are - selling gool-tonej second-hand
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month: beau iful new
uprights for $6. $7, $S, $9 and $10 per month:
no cash payment require.; larger than lbs above
amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos from
us have the privilege of exchanging same for
stelnway any time within 3 years from date with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY . & Co.. repre-
sentatives of Stelnway it Son's pianos, cor.
Kearny aud Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oak-
land, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle, Wash.
N , UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY—
A choice selection of the waet, rich-tone
"Hardman" in elegant cases; for 50 years univer-
sally recognized as the most durable piano in the
world; 50 000 of them used by musical people of
this country and . the royalty abroad, won first
priz at Columbian Exposition; prices low: a few
slightly used Hard mans and others will be sold
this week at sacrifice prices to c ose them out be-
fore the Ist of the year THE J. DEWING CO.
vVarerooms. seenni floor, Flood building,
Fourth and Market sis.
BSOLUTELY THEOLDi-.ST AND LARGEST
house west 1 or Chicago Is KOHLER _
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell sU: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price*; terms eisy: prices lowest:
everything . possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. - ••: .
CTUaLLY THIS BEST BARGAINS IN Ft-
anos; : see our list lor this week; pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the - city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners.- The F. W. SPEriOEitCU.
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
AINEs, BUSH it OERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT _ CO., 324 Post sU
LINE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. IN. PERFECT
I order, great bargain; Frenrn upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap; call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO .MAUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.
PIANOS 8 ID, RENTED, TUNED, RE-
paired, polished, shipped, stored) for lower rates
than any other firm in the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st. ■ -. ' -
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
—*• pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
magnificent ste~nwaY: ' FIN X CON-
dltlun: sacrificed. Room 21, 809 Marketst.
(CONCERT GRAND CHICKERINtt PIANO
V^ for sale. 1639 Howard st.
DEAUT I F ULB • C Si I N: IV USE ONLY 4
XJ months; sacrifice. £. W. LICK.I 16 McAllister.
ffi»lf-fX I ELEOANTTuPRIGfIf: COST $425:
<JP-i.UtJ.for3alesslii3tallments 221 l.eavenworth
ARKCHA CE— FINE UPRK-HT, $125. 16
McAllister, next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
Gt OOP MARSHALL & WENDELL UPRIGHT.
r $100. Bruenn Piano House.
\j AGNIFICENTaTEINWA UPRIGHT AND
i'l Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van
\\f G. BADUEU. SO..E A ENTFORHALLET
ft ._-PavlsaiiU Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacto.
YRON MAI 308 P ST ST.— -OHMER,
Newby & Evans. Briggs and other pianos. ■
UPJSRIOK VIOLINS, ZITHI-.RS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repnirer 2 1.1 bam place.
DOLLAR A W__K ON RENT CONTRACT
" buys new piano. l.«t> Ellis st.
ilOKa— # _
AUCTION SALE TLE-.DAY, DECEMBER
22, at 11 o'clock— Content* of Pacific-avenue
lubslablrs, 1618 Pacific aye., bet Polksuand Van
Ness aye.; .SO horses, 160 rig* of all kinds, harness,
robes, blankets, etc. : - no reserve: rain or ' shine.
>ULLI\AN _ DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneers;
office, 327 sixth st
L ORSALE—WELL-BRfiD, STYLISH 5-YEAR-
r old bay horse 16 hands high; weight 1300
pounds: perfectly sound: works single and double.
Avi nue Staoles, 3 0 '.o.den Gate aye. -
A(\ HOKBEI >UK bALK; AL.-1O WAUU.V -i
" «-' bagjrles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 Slx.h su ; aoctlon sales every NVeduo*-
_y. bULLIVAN _ DOYLK, Auctioneers.
Mill-. EMPORIUM SAL—S V ARJUS, 22U VA-
-1 lencla su, Is the place to go If you want to buy
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
(Liwi Bis.T NEW AND b_CONU-_.AN_ HAH*
O\J\J ness: all kinds: wagon, carts, surra/
— rockawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia
p.ll HKAU DRIVING A..IIWOKK HOKSta;
O\f weiehl 1000 to 1700 lbs. 882 Howard st.
VtAUO^d AM) CAJ.i±iiAli_s.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERsTITXuN^
i.l dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison sU :
L^IRSI-CLASS HACK IN USE PRIVATE ONE
r year, at WALCOM BROS.', 217 Ellis st.
OOP BEIOND-HAND LIGHT EXPRESS:
new platform: lann tr>-; cheap. 414 Broadway.
lOi; feAL_— _U.aCii_Li— AAJSOtis". 1 * - ■
<_ I f\(\ RAMB ER BICYCLE: GOOD AS
<lp 1 \J\J new; $35. Address D , hoi 161, Call.
TH ROUGHBR D COCKER SPANIEL PUPS.
295 Parker aye.. off Point Lohos. -
BARGAINS IN CAMERAS FOR FEW DAYS
at 124 Geary st. Removal Montgomery su
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IV.,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c: lvx2o, 30c; Ihx22, 35c: 20x24,
45c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JuNr.S, 647 Mission St.
riAMKRAS.AND TUBES. Bxlo TO 18x22,
\J backgrounds, print in e-frames, headrests, dark-
room tents and everything for gallery or out our
work at give-away prices. THOMAS HOUSE-
WORIH, 2019 .-acramentoau
KITING-DESK, LONG .TABLE*. SHOW-
cases, ciu-ap 769 Market su ; upstairs. ,
t> NATIONAL CASH Rr.GI-l ERS (».CKEL):
5 Hall safes, single and double doors; 160 show-
cases, all s"Z"S. -: nickel, oak, walnut frames: fine
lot electric fixtures- MCCARTHY. 764 Mission st.
O. STEIN COW; JUST CALVED. RED
Flag, Six-mile station, san Bruno road. - . ■
TRIC ILY HIGH-GRADE WHEELS: "96
model: new and a few slightly used; at a
special bargain to close out before January 1.
Call a: 400 battery st. :; :
ICYCLES THAT WE WILL BELL B FORE
our '97 stock arrives, new and second hand, at
less tha 1 auction prices: a rare | opportuui y for
Christmas purchasers: call or send for description.
INDIANA 810 1 CO., 410 Mission st:, cor. Ist
A T FACTO. .V WHOLESALE PKICE — KAT-
XX. tan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. ..^ Save you half by call-
Ing at once at Caliiornla Rauau Company, til
First st, near Mission. '.•.>".;" .'.:-•- ■  . -
B~ A KH, SCALES. MIRRORS FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. Mt.EC, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAND SAFE; FIKEPKOOF; V-RY
cheap. P. N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st.
pRINIING PRESS, TYPE. KTU ; FINE
X Christmas present -■ HILL, Geary, r. 39.
• LINE JERSEY COW FOR SALE CHEAP;
x $25 if taken at once, 'Address HEIFER, box
21, Call Office. r ■ / ':.■■-■■
IGHEST PRICE PAID GENTS' 2D HAND
c.othing and dresses. FABIAN, 1020 Fols. m.
ATION AL  CASH • RE.IVI'ER, " GOOD ? OK-
der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission si.
OIhEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
ONaRCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
the best. W. 8. RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
. . ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHKLV-
. • : Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold." 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
L{OJLERS,ENUINES,2D-HANu MACHINERY
1> water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beala.
NX SMALL MKI.IUM ' AND • LAKUE-STZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
ATTORNEYS- AT-_. A W.
lected ; estates p.pbated : deeds, wills, contracts
drawn; advice free. J. G. JEFFREYS, law ; office,
632 Market St., room 23. :.-..--.:■■■ v- .- .:■■:■'■-■■■. •■-.
DVICK FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A BPECl-
aity; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits,' claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to, G. *. HOWE, atl'y-at-law, 850 Market.
W. KING..CHRONICLE' BLDG;tONSUL-
. tallon free: . probate: all cases: fees low. ; ,
■ A DVICK FRt.K: NO CHARGE UNLESS siUC-
-A ; cessful. .W. W. Davidson ■ 927 Market su
llallf SIiWLNU '" MA.tjill.NES.' _ ;
7A r LL KINP-S BOUGHT. BOLP, EXCHANGEb.
; X_- rented paired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth su '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
LOT: 60X100 ANP COITAGE, $600. $50
down: *10 monthly. PATTEKSoN & CO.,
2 Valencia sU. -. - ; -■«.--■■.•.;■■•
<3t'-{^nn 4 LOTS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
<$)iJO\J\J. that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco j roperty as part pay: must
be clear. SCKIBNER _ CO., 7 City Hall aye. ■ ,
"VTICE 4-ROOM COTTAGE, NEW, oN BERNAL
Xi Heigh s, for sale cheap. . . a pply 2HO Gates st.
COUNTRY K£AL ESTATE!
TOCK RANGES. ■■" - ; ' : '"■'-"'" --"""C"' '
. GILT-EDGE PROPERTY. '
•■-. FOR EXCHANGE. •'.' . ■
Ofinfl ACRES IN OREGON: • WELL LO-
-UUlf cated; complete dairy buildings, stoc<,
etc: pr:ce $26,000;' will exchange for properly In
Bay counties.
linn ACRES NEAR NAP A : 60 ACRES
JL J.v/1/ vineyard: plenty of springs and good
feed; price $12,000; will exchange for city prop-
erty.
Q9H ACRES IN SONOMA COUNTY, NEAR
; O£.\) Geyserville; good house; plenty of feed
and water; price $10 per acre; will take half in
city property, balance mortgage. :
These are all fine properties and will yield large
Incomes. EASTON, ELDRIDOK & CO.,
638 Marketst.
MARIN CO.: 3000 acres; 28 miles from city;
lota any size: fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre: ernn to
suit- SYNDICATE IN VT CO., 65 Chronicle bid*.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS b_LLINU
A the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda county in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, IV2 hours from San Fran-
cisco; price S2O to $40 per acre: bait cash; owner
must sell: - title perfect ; investigate. t>7 curon:- |
cie buildins*. :
_-\ D FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OK
California lands for sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Franrisco.Cai.
itt_is homes, clo»k t>» tow.\. im*
J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 Acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credlu '■ D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: very Monday 3' 632 M»rK»- s'.. s I-'.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL r ESTATE. ,
©7c TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
y It) lots In the town .of Fiichburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only '45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. JttUNKLE, owner, 916Va Washington su,
Oakland, Cal.
ujj 1 C\f\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
«ipI.«JU. Frultvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
you will find a FEW LARGE PESIRA-
'X ble rooms at The Raymond; south and east
front: single and en suite; prices with boar 1, £50
to $60 per couple: 668 Twelfth su, bet. Clay and
Jefferson. Addre*< R. s. YOi'NG.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
AI.A3r~l>A RE At KSTATTS.
O^rH^M-TTs^ETDY^O^TOuT'cATE
1 ana see us and do a little figurine; we will
prove to you that we can make you the owner of a
small or large, cheap or expensive house, and that
you can save each month what you pay In renu
Here's a bargain; $3250; handsome cottage of 8
rooms and bath: latest design; b. ick mante. ; open
plumbing: corner lot, 5 xlOO; easy terms:
Something new; $2850; artistic cottage of 6
rooms and bach.: modern Improvements: brick
mantel; large lot, 67 feet frontage; near Grand-st.
sta ion. .
MaRCUSE <& REMMEL, Bay-st. station (broad-
gauge), Alameda; 628 Market si., San Francisco,
office open Sundays and holidays.
-D.. BOARDS— AN EVEN DOZEN WILL BE
sacrificed this week at H. BCHELLHAAS'.
Why not cut out thls-adv. T It w.H be taken for
$2 on a $12 purchase at 408 Eleventh su, Oak-
land.
IT WILL PAY YOU TO VISIT OAKLAND
and see H. Schfllbaas' new store; if you
are solng to houseke»ping: special Inducements to
cash purchasers. 4UB Eleventh St., Oakland.
OLID OAK BED-ROOM SUI IES;.WE MEAN
O it; for sale or exchange at H. Schellhaas' fur-
niture store, 408. Eleventh st., Oak and; have
you seen our new store? If not. why not?
IH)'J/|j| COT 1 AGE OF 5 ROOMS AND
tJI_OW". Lath: new and modern; large lot;
convenient to cars; terms. $300 cash and $125 per
month. JO->-PH A. LEONARD CO., 1364 Par-
si., Alameda. .- ; ■ , .-. .
ii.ui'tiill 10 IAIUA.N(.£.
6^_"XCHANGE"FOB SAN FRANCISCO
property; modern 10-ro^m house, and lot 56x
118: close to business center in Oakland; value
$b5OO. WM. J. DINUEE, 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
(),\ A-A< RE ' RANCH FOR BUSINESS IN
—^ V city or house and lot. THOMAS _ CO., S3
Sixth su. room 18. . . r
OE-NP FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. Ban Jose.
rpiMBKR— li»u ACRiiS; KERN CO.; PLENTY
i. water: excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16. Cap.
jHonjkv: _v loan.
fflJQnn (\(\() AT *Vi per CENT on CITY
tJPOUW.UUU real estate: also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates In probate; any sum. siiain WaLD,
BUCKBEE _ CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery st.
DVA N CES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLRx
STO' K. 948 Market «v : open evenings. .:•:
is 1 AaioUiM ; IST, 2D.OR 3DMORTOAGE9,
estates, undivided interests," real estate in pro-
bate: fur ilture ' and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST — MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
IRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Intere^u Rm. 68. Donohne bide. 1170 Market su
fItOOX i\(\[\ AT -BANK RATES; IST AND
«jp»j-£cf. \J\J\J ad mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPH 1,628 Market su
VO Of 10 TO LOAN ON ANY GOOD sE-
«H) _ \> . \J VI \f entity ; low interest. QUINN, 63
Chronicle building.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS: WARRANTS
cashed. ,-CRIBNER _ CO., 7 City Hall aye.
4 DVaNCEs ON DIAMONDS, JEW E_RY,KTO
XV Columbia Loan & ( ol lateral Office, 9 '-rant aye.
RIVATE PiKTV LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security, low Interest. N.. box 15, Call Office.
ANY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST _2D
r\ mortgage: flat or lnatallmenU Drydon. 635 (?al.
I'AWMilUiKl.ltS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFP
clothing. ('o-tmopn Hun loan Office, 49 Third.
MON EX WANT JED.
T\?Al*TTr>^6oT^N^G^oir^oT£A?E^AU
'» Call at room 6. 969 Mission st. -; :
TRUSTEES' SAXES.
TfuiV^TKK^STijß—iSrXviSoßSA^CE^rrS
X the terms and und>r he authority of a certain
dee*, of trust, duly executed by F.M.POWELL,
party of the first par., to HENRY C CAMPBELL,
and THAI/DECS B. KENT, trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN FRANCI-.CO SAV-
INGS UNION, party of the ihlrd part, dated No-
vember Ist, 1890, and recorded ln;tne office of the
County Recorder of the county of Tulare. State of
California, in Liber 7 of 1 rust Deeds, at page* 328
and lollowing; and In pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 11th day of December, 1896, d- the
uoard of Directors of the Bank of Lemoore, a cor-
poration, and the holder by assignment from said
San Francisco Savings Union of .he note (No.
10,449), to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was Acecuted, declaring that default
had been made in the payment, of : the principal
sum and other sums due under said rote and deed
of trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THaDDEUS B. K '..nT, trus-
tees, to sell the rea estate described therein to
satisfy said Im.eb.edneas. ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice I that on
TUESDAY, the i2th day of January, A. U. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldri.ige & Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket street, In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, state of California, we will sell at publlo
auction to the highest bidder for cash in gold coin
of the United Sta es the pie c, or parcel of land
situate In the county of King, (rotmerly part of
the county of Tulare), Slate of California, de-
scribed as follows, to wit: ".'.^_PCS
According 10 the official plats and system of sur-
veys 01 the Government o the United states:
V In township ■ nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east. Mount Dlabio base and meridian.
- Of section seven (7), the southeast quarter (S.E.
14), containing one hundred . ud sixty (160) acres
of land, moie or less. Together . with the appur-
tenances. --- : -■•'- '■--■/■■■ .-■.■."."-'.■
- Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin , of the United
States; lv per cent payable to i the undersigned on
the fail of the hamm r; balance on delivery of
. eed; and If not so pa d, unless for - want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said 10
per cent to be lorfeited - and the sale to De void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
. HENRY C. CAMPBELL,
THADDE US B. KENT,
- ■ - , 'trustees.
HOTELS.
H'^ROOKLY IT~HOTiS I _)"" BUSH^SIC
O board and room $1 to |$2 per day, »6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
roon.s for family $1 10 HI 50 per night: * first-class
service: tree coacb. CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
PHOTOGRAPHER* " SUPPLIES.
■q^O-^__vTtH_ I*ATEST~CA__fB_ OUTi
tJpO. size 314x414. 124 Geary st.
' MEDICAL.
ANEvV REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$6 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in coo*
finement, i>r. & Mrs- Davles, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 a. U. to 4, ■, 7 to 8 P. m. ■
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
Xl. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have -failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; -class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. DA__Y, ll_t>
Market St.. over the Owl Drug Store. ■
DR. i FOU LIST'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed' absolute cur» for all female dis-
eases (no mater what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, NsTßU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician forali female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at home ; all canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. PRS. NAIL, alB Kearny.
ALL CASKS OF. MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours:' safety a-sured at any
time; instant relief tor travelers: home in confine*
inent: consult free; ronlidential: hours. 10 o 5.
MRS. DR. YKTH. 91« Post St., near Larkin.
MRS, DR. SOUIENIKR, 37 SECOND ST.
(Webb House)— Elect roiua?qetic and medic-
inal treatment for all chronic diseases; 10 a, m. to
9 p.m. ' - . -.j ;--■•'•«.-'.
RS. GOODWIN, SPKCIALIST: LADIE3,
near or far, safe, quick core guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: nome for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis;. ow tees; self cure. 904 McAllistersu
LPKAc'S FRENCH PILLs— A BOON TO
ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 expre -si' C. v. D ; don't delay until
too late. : OSGUOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
SURE CURE FOR ALL Fi-.MALE Dl»-
-eases, from whatever canse: home In confine-
men: : every 'comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. PR.GWYER, 2^6 Turk su
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 MarKet st. : his 30 yean'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satlsfac orily by mall.
£Al iPAIP OR A CASE 1 FAIL 1 V CUR EOF
«JJSOv/U female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation tree. MRS. DR. IT, 25 Geary su
U PRAE'> FEMALE RKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenarogue; $1 per box.
1 RICH ARDS CO.. druggists, Clay s:..sole agts,
OME. A FRIE.SP AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth SU, Alameda,
IF IRRKUULAR OR AN FEMALE Dl-EASifi
see MHs.DK. PUKTZand becontenU i-641^ 4th.
1 kit. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, N_Ait
IJ Jones. Diseases of women and- children.
RS. DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 JbOLSOM ST.;
confinement: terms reasonable.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year lor $1 60, post-
wre free.
MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
r .Birth, varriaee and death notice* sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They mas', be handed In a;
either of the publication offices and be indonel
wits the name and residence of persona &u(aor_w.i
to have the kama published. 1
BOKN.
GOODMAN— Alameda, December 13, 1833, to
the wife of Oscar Goodman, a daughter.
MAKKIED.
MICHAELIS-WALTZKR— December 19.1891.
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Julius Michael is and
Manna Waltzer.
DIED.
Attken, Mary Kimball, Jennie
Bretz, Henry Lindsey, William E.
Bullard. Matthew B. McDevitt, James
De Lamater, G. B. V. Nathan, Tinna
■ Delaney. Edward J. Newman, Florence
Gignat, Eliza ■•, : Reily, Mrs. Bridget
. Hannaford, William G. Ryan, Johanna
Harding, Mary A. Sullivan, Mary
Horimoio, Kishichi Willard, Edgar W.
AfTKEN— In this city. Mary, wife of James Alt-
ken, a native of County Sligo, Ireland.
83" Friends ana acquaintance* an; respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS u\T"
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from ■' her late
residence, 244 Hannah street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Oakland Cemetery.
BRKT2 — tn ihe Cltr and Oonnty Hospital, De-
cember 20. 1896, Henry Bretz, aged 76 years.
BULLAKD— In this city, December 20 IS-H,
Matthew 8., beloved hnsban I of Pncsbe Bullard,
aun iv« at Connecticut, seed 8) vear.s. . '
IS" Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services . THIS DAY (Monday), at
2 o'clock p. v., at the residence or his step laugh-
ter, Mrs. Marriner- Camp bell, 1820 Tur* street.
Interment private.
De LAM ATKR— In this city. December 19, 1896,
- G. B. V. de Lamacer, be'.ov d husband of KUza
A. de Lamater, and father of Scbayler C and
Grace E. de Lamater, Mrs. J. B. T. Tuthill of
Salem, Or., and Mr*. Joseph G. Enright of Sau
Jose. (Jal.. a native of New York, i<ed 70 years
. 1 month and 226 days, f Santa Cruz papers Dlease
COpv.J
49~Interment at Santa Cruz TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), on the arrival of the 8:15 o'.clocic
a. m. train from Sai Francisco.
DELANEY— in The Willows, near San Josp. Cal.,
December 20, Hi I, Edward Joseph D<*laner.
a native of England, aged 64 years and 5 months.
$tS^Frieuds anJ acquaintance* •-» - -<n»<v-
fully Invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 :S0 o'clock a.m.. from . bis late
residence, on Lincoln avenue, them-e to St. Jos-
! ep.'s Church, w .ere at 10 o'clock a. k. a solemn
requiem mass will b said for the repose of his
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme~«rv.
GIGNAT— In this city. December 20, 1596 Eliza
Gignat, a native of Franca, ageJ 68 yean 8
months and 4 days.
HANNAFORD— In this city, December 19, 1895,
William G n beloved son of Catherine and the
late John H. Hannaford. and brother of John H.
Ha maford, Mrs. i.\ Wall burs and Mrs. S. Cole,
a native or California, aged 33 years. •• ■
Js9"Frlends ana acquaintance] ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from Native
sons' uuildlng, 414 Mason stree,. under the aus-
pices or Rincou Parlor No. 72. N. a . O. W.
Remains »t the parlors of the Union Undertak-
. ing Company, 733 Mission street, lmermea:
Laurel Hill Cemetery. l?l?n_iTi
HARDING— In this city. December 19, 1898. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of William Harding,
mother of the late James L Harding, aud sister
~0l James Finn. Mrs. K. Keueaty. Mrs N. Calway
and Mrs. W. J. Clash -, a native of Passage
West, County Cork, Ireland. a,ea 49 years.
Friends and n*a<iainta -"*■■* «r» r^ioeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at M:3O o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 13341,2 Natoma street, thence to su
Charles church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at a o'clock a. ic Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HORIMOTO-ln the City and County Hospital,
December 19, 1838, Kisblchl Horimoto, aged S3
years.
KIMBALL— In this city, December 20, 1898,
Jennie -Kimball. beloved wife of Charles H.
Kimball. motutK of Camllle, Ethel and Charles
H. Kimball Jr.. daughter of P. and the late Mary ■
' Dent, and sister of Mrs. J. E. Allen and John,
' Alice, Daisy and 'James Dent, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 year* 8 months-and 14 days.
jtarNouceof funeral nerea(t>r.
LINDSF.Y— At Magnetic Springs. Glenwood,
Santa Cruz County, Decemoer 19. logs. Wil-
liam E. Lindsey, youngest son of the late Joseph
' Lindsey, and beloved brother of Annie, Josepn
and Robert L iidsev, a native of San Frauclso*.
aged 19 years and 2 months.
McDKVITT— In this city, December 20, 1896,
Jarae* McD^vttt. beloved • father of .l«>n<M, Jos-
-1 eph, Mary Frances. Margaret. Frank and Vin-
cent McDevitt, a native or. County Donegal. Ire«
lan 1. aged 63 yean. ,- ~
Notice of funeral herearca-
NATH A N— ln this city, December 19. 1396. Tinna,
beloved wife of Isaac Nathan, and mother of
Mrs. B. Davis. Lewis Nathan, Mrs. K. Abra-
hams and .Hulda Nathan, a native ot Prussia,
Germany, aged 51 yean. MMWUllUimii )i iij
■ Friends and acquaintance* aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. _from her late resi-
d ence. 314 Langton: street, th nee by 11:30
o'clock a. K. train from Third - and Townsend
streets to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
FIRST HEBREW LADIES' MUTUAL BENE-
_ Associa lon— Members of ;he above-named
~ society please take no ice- tha; the funeral of
- the late Mrs. Tinna Nathan will take place THIS
DAY ( . onday). at I0:3J o'clock a. it., from the
residence, 31 ■ Langton . street, (hence to • New
Solera Cemetery, by : 11:45 o'clock a. _. train.
•By order, . " S. MEYER, Secretary.
NEWMAN— In the Citr and Coun y Hospital, De-
cember v:0, 183 d ,: Florence Newman, aged 19 .
years.
REILY— In this city, December. 19, 1896, at Our
Ladies' Home, Mrs. Bridget Relly, a native
Connty Cork, Ireland, aged 81 years. ■ ■
RYAN— In Oakland, December- 19, 1896, Jo-
■ hanna, beloved wife of Kich.ir.l Ryan, < a native
or sieiverue, County Kilkenny, Ireland,' ag<*d 60
years. ; l "'. . . ■- *; ■ ■ '■•,-".r' ■"-.'•; . ■;.'
- . • 49- Friends and acquaintances am resoect-
fnlly invited to attend th« tv era: THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. k.. from her late resi-
dence, 18 8 .v llllam str--e. them to 'St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commen>
In* at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment , st. clary's
Cemetery. Oakland. .
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 20. 1888
Mary Sullivan, a native of Ireland, a^ei 70
•" years.'.
WILLARD— In Chicago, ; December 13. 1898,
Edgar W. Willard. betoved husband of Sadie
• Willard. a native of St. Louis, aged 29 years and
3 onths. - BBURBBESHM
' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
'„ FUNERAL DIBKCTORS 4 EMBAI.MKRS I
tO ruth. St., Opp. Lincoln School, 'j
* : , . . Telephone 3080. I
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN -MATEO 1 COUNTY: NEAREST CEMI»
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sens* ex*
elusive: location . unexcelled. . Oi_c« VV7 !____
, •treeu •out_ea» corner W unit.
1112
HOSPITAL WARDS
FOR POOR FOLKS
Latest Plan Under Consid
eration by the Salva-
tion Army.
Adjutant McFee the Originator
of a Scheme to Care for
the Sick.
The Old Santa Cruz Broad-Gauge
Depot to Be Made a Shelter
for Men.
The Salvation Army will soon open a
Men's Food and Shelter Home at Santa
Cruz. They have leased the old broad
gauge depot at a nominal price and will
immediately set about making the in
terior a comfortable habitation.
Adjutant McFee. who has been so prom
inently connected with the army the past
six years and who has recently been
called East by Commander Booth Tucker,
has been planning for the last six months
the erection of an army hospital.
The hospital will be conducted in the
interests of the self-respecting poor who
will receive first-class treatment and
nursing at such rates as the working
people can afford. Td«ir idea in the es- '
tablishruent of such a hospital is to pre- j
vent those who otherwise could not afford j
medical treatment and attendance from ;
becoming chronic invalids.
Donations of everything that will make
. the hungry, half-clad poor happy and
comfortable have been pouring in at
the Salvation Army headquarters. The
army nas rented a store at 868 Foisom
street, where the donations will be stored
until the time comes for the general dis
tribution just alter Christmas. Only really
urgent cases will be relieved at present,
lor the array is busy preparing lor its
Christmas dinner, which will be a grand
success, for the public has responded gen
erously. The following donations have
been received the last couple of days:
Richmond School— $2 50, 30 packages
clothing, 45 packages groceries, 1 sack flour,
1 sack wood, 1 sack coal. Haight-street
School— Cash $4 50, 170 packages groceries.
30 packages clothing-, 15 sacks potatoes. Den
man School— 79 packages clothing, 50 pack
ages groceries, 1 sack coal, 1 sack potatoes.
James Lick School— 2l packages clothing, 47
packages groceries, 4 sacks potatoes, 2 sacks
beans. Miss Marten's kindergarten— pack
ages groceries, 4 packages clothing.
Irving Primary —ls;packages groceries, 1 park
age clothing. Riucon Grammar— packages
groceries, 3 packages clothiug, 1 sack potatoes.
Hearst Grammar— packages clothing, 41
packages groceries. Richmond Primary— 3o
packages ciothiDg, 45 packages groceries,' 1
sack potatoes, 1 sack flour, 1 sack wood, 1 sack
coal, shermau Primary— Cash $4 75, 34 pack
ages clothing, hail sack beans. 24 packages
groceries, half sack rice. 2 sacks flour. Hamil
ton Grammar — Cash 50 cents, 50 packages
clothing, 20 packages groceries, 2 sacks pota
toes. Golden Gate Primary — packages
groceries, 97 packages clothing, 2 sacks
potatoes, 2 sacks coal, 4 sack* wood.
Cooper Primary — Cash $10, 95 packages gro
ceries, 1 sack potatoes. Hum bold Primary —
Cash $10 50, 9 packages clothing, 77 packages
groceries, I sack potatoes. Adams Cosmopoli
tan— $1425. Everett Grammar— Cash $2.
25 packages clothing, 65 packages groceries, 3
sacks potatoes, 1 sack wood, 2 sacks coal.
Horace Mann School— $1 80, 15 pack
ages clothing, 27 packages groceries, '2 |
sacks potatoes. Mission Grammar— pack- j
ages coining, 115 . packages groceries, 3
sacks potatoes, 1 sacs coal, 1 sack wood.
Cleveland Primary— packages clothing, 1
package. groceries, 1 sack coal, 1 sack potatoes.
Edison Primary— packages clothing, 79
packages groceries, 1 sack potatoes, 1 sack
coal. Clement Grammar— 47 packages cloth
ing. 34 packages groceries, 3 sacks potatoes.
John Swett Grammar— 2sl packages groceries,
17 sacks potatoes, 20 sacks coal, 1 sack flou 1 -, !
1 sack wood. Crocker Grammar— B3 packages
clothing, 35 packages groceries, 2 sacks i
flour, 1 box soap. Fremont Primary—
33 packages clothing, 46 packages gro
ceries, 1 sack flour, 1 sack potatoes. 1
Dudley School— Loose clothing, 50 packages
groceries. Grant School— 4B packages gro
ceries, 8 packages clothing. Hei>ry Durant
Primary— 99 packages groceries, 25 packages •
clothing, 3 sacks potatoes. Pacific Heights ! '
Grammar— packages clothing, 6 sacks pota- 1
toes, 6 sacks flour, 200 pound.3 salt, 1 . box
shoes, 1 box hats, quantity of books, toys, etc. !
Mrs. Blank, 1218 Ellis, 1 "sack flour; J. Levin, (
1234 Market, groceries; Mrs. Holl
mann, 2030}£ Steiner, clothing; S. .
Jackson, 511 Van Ness, 1 sack flour; I
Mrs. Bennett, 620 Hatght, clothing; i
J. Neelsen, cash;sl; H. Segelken, one SHck
flour; Philadelphia .Shoe Store, shoes; Plum
mer Bros., casn $5; Steiger & Kerr, cash $1; '
1327 Howard street, pies; Rodeo Market,
meat; Railroad Bakery, bread; California Ink
Company, cash $2 50; Atlantic Insur- !
ance Company, cas>h $2; Gunlap Company, I ■
cash $2 50; Offir-e Specialty Manufacturing '
Company, cash $2; H. W. Burmeister, five 1
pounds coffee; Marten Manufacturing Com- I
panv, five pounds coffee; Levin Bros., hams; !
1043 Howard street, potatoes; 1130 Howard i
street, five loaves bread sod pies; Plummer
Bros., cash $5; friends, cash $7 25.
AROUND THE DIAMOND.
The Alerts Are Defeated by the San
Francisco Athletic Clubs in
an Exciting Game,
After winning five straight games from
the finest amateur baseball talent of this
State the Alameda Alerts suffered defeat
yesterday at the hands of the San Fran-
NEW TO-DAT. •
The absolutely pure : " '
BAKING POWDER
ROYAL— the most celebrated of all
J the baking powders in the world— eel- '
ebrated for its great *~L*ns±- wu*9+L
leavening strength and |li§~lly^§ls! :
purity. It makes your fjC^^lljfflf .•
cakes, biscuit, bread, ■^V^^rMal *
etc., healthful, it assures.: j /^P^lfci ?;"
you against alum and all • 's $|^Pi||§j
for m s of - adulteration ;% S |j|^^® ifflj :
that go with the cheap &J[nG RmJISj
. brands. ; . • ' : -'•■
' '% _ _ >'^ HOYAL BARtNO POV/DtR CO., NEW YOUR. . , /
Interior of the Store on Foisom Street Where the Army Has Stored the Donations to Be Distributed
After Christmas.
Cisco Athletic Club team by a score of 2
toO.
Although vanquished the Alerts should
not feel disheartened, as they were de
feated in one of the hardest-fought base
ball games played at Central Park within
the la^t two years.
The pitching ot McKee for the Alerts
and of Raymond for the Athletic Club
was of a high order, each striking out
seven men. The fielding and base-throw
ing of both teams was brilliant and met
with a hearty response from the large
number of spectators present.
The score is as follows:
ALKHTS. A.B. K. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. «.
Bird. 3b. 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
K'uz. ss 4 0 1 •-' .< 5 (I
Brockoff, C 2 0 0 4 8 3 0
-McKee, p 3 0 0 10 7 1
< roll. 1. f 4 0 0 0 110
Go risworthy,2b. .. 2 0 10 0 6 0
Jacobson, 1 b 4 0 1 O 13 1 1
Harxiiiioi.il, c. f 4 O 0 O 0 0 0
Coughlan, r. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Totals. 31 0 4 7 27 26 2
S?. F. A. C'S. A.B. R. B IT. S.B. P.O. A. E.
Sheehan, c 4 O 0 0 O 0 O
Spellman, 2 b 4 0 1 0 S 2 Q
rheiff>r, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 1 i
V»n Norden, 3 b... 4 1 2 0 1 6 1
Keisso, r. f 4 o 0 0 0 0 0
Ford, 1 b 4 1 2 0 11 0 1
Damelson, 1. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 01
Drpus. c. f 3 0 1 0 6 2 0 !
Raymond, p 3 0 1 1 1 4 oj
Totals 33 2 8 1 27 16 3
KI'XB BY IXXINnS.
AlTts 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0-0
Base hits 0 10 1 10 10 0-4
S. F. A. C'S 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-2
Base iiiLs O 3 10 1110 o—7
Two-base hits — Danielson, Drors. Sacrifice
hits —J. Hammond 2, Keisso, Bird. Base on
errors— S. F. .\. C. 1, Alerts 3. Base on balls-
Alerts 5. Left en bases— Alerts 7, S. F. A.C. 4
Struck out— By :< cKee 7, by Rcymond 7. Hit by
pitcher— Pheiffer. Massed nans— Brockoff. Dreus.
Wild pitch — McKee. Umpire — McDonald. Atr
tendance 1500.
Presidio Athletic Ground*.
Interesting games were played at the :
Presidio grounds yesterday with the fol- '
lowing results:
Calliopians defeated the City Hall Politi- ]
cians by a score of 26 to 1L
The Britton-Reys defeated the Dickman-
Jones nine by a score of 21 to 1. \
Teams composed of employes of New- j
man & Levison and the White House ,
played a great game, ending in a victory
for the iormer by a score ot 26 to 13.
Other Games. i
The South Ends defeaied the Robin
Hoods in an exciting game at the Recre:.- '
tion grounds by a score of 9to 7. The ,
batteries were: South Ends, Wbaiey and (
Malone; Robin Huod.«, Romer and Jones.
The South Ends would like to play any ■
team under 16 years. Ail challenges
should be addressed to Walter Matson, 5
Crook street.
Next Sunday the victorious San Fran
cisco Athletic team will play the St. Igna
tius Coileae boys at Central Park.
The Oakland QuicK Steps would like to
hear from any base bull nine under 1.7
years — the Youn- Swinnertons preferred.
All challenges should be sent to G. Stdley,
1800 Grove street, Oakland.
There are 635,559,600 different whist
hands in a pack of cards.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1896.
LIKE A DREAM
OF MILLIONS
A Gold Mine Hedged In
by Tangled Forms
of Law.
J. Anderson Discovers Rich
Ore in a Public
Street
He Is Confident It Contains a For
tune, but Ha Cannot
Touch It.
J. Anderson, a builder and contractor
residing at 328 Jersey street, is in a
quandary. Mr. Anderson believes he has
located within the corporate limits of this
City a gold mine which would make him
independently wealthy if— but there's the
rub.
About a year ago Mr. Anderson, who
from a two years' residence in the Coeur
d'Alene mines is somewhat conversant
with such matters, discovered a ledge
from sixteen inches to two feet in width
which he was confident was rich in gold.
He siathered a few specimens and then re
turned to his home to meditate. The
ledge was situated in a public street,
where Mr. Anderson prudently declines
to state, and how to locate a mine in a
municipal highway was a difficult prob
lem for the finder to solve.
For a year Mr. Anderson cherished his
secret in the hope that some way of realiz
ing on his find would present itself. In
the meantime the difficulties in the way
of locating the mine seemed so formidable
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS AND HIS PRETTY WIFE, ROSE JULIAN FITZSIMMONS.
Robert Fitzsimmons. the tall, blonde boxer from Australia— Bob Fitzsimmons, as he is best known— the fighter who
fought Sharkey in the ring and also in the court fora purse of $10,000, winning in the first contest and losing in the
8' cond, was around town all day yesterday bidding his friends good-by. As the big, broad-shouldered man passed quietly
along the sidewalk clad in a ministerial garb he was pointed out by everybody on the street as "Fitzsimmons, who was
jobbed by Earp and Sharkey," so well known is the man who made the sailor turn turtle.
While the public is yet talking about the "famous victoree" the man who failed to get the coin part of it is taking the
matter quietly. He will leave his late opponent to the purse and unenviable glory of that concerted fluke and look forward
to interviewing Mr. Corbett in a fairer manner.
Julian stated yesterday that Fitzsimmons would never consent to enter the ring with Sharkey on any consideration,
but would ignore him in the future.
While Bob was out yesterday making his farewell calls Mrs. Rose Julian Fitzsimmons was at home in her rooms at the
Baldwin racking Baby Bob's pinafores, skirts, flannels and other garniture of infanthood away for the flight East
Pretty Mrs. Bob is outspoken in her contempt for the methods that lost Baby Bob's big dad that pursa and would
not object to telling the naval nero what she thinks of him and his crew. She always accompanies her hatband and is his
chief counselor and guide, taking precedence even of her brother. Fitz is a model hubby and says that very few men have
better wives than he has. She intends to go South with him to meet Corbett when March 17 draws near.
Julian states that they will start East to-night, but possibly not till to-morrow evening. Exhibitions will be given at
Denver, Cripple Creek and other places, the party reaching New York in about three weeks.
Fitzsimmons will need only about twenty days' preparation for the great contest, as he is in good condition for th«
ring now.
that he made no attempt to ascertain the
exact value of his specimens. Last weetc
he determined to at least find out the
richness of his potential mine, and accord
ingly applied to Price & Son, assayers.
Ue was told that the appearance of the
rock was not promising, but appearances
are often deceptive in metallurgies. Ac
cordingly the rock was submitted to the
retorts.
When Mr. Anderson called at the assay
office for his prospect the assayers ex
pressed surprise at the richness of the
specimen. The rock showed $12 40 gold
to the ton, and of silver $2 60, making a
total valuation of $15. Then Anderson's
former perplexity became tantalization.
"It is like a dream of millions," he said
yesterday. "I can see all that wealth and
I am powerless to touch it."
As to what course he will now pursue
Anderson is in the dark. He has made
some inquiries, but so far no plausible
mode of procedure has been suggested.
To-day he purposes searching the rec
ords at the City Hall, doubtless for the
purpose of finding whether or not the
street in which the mine lies is a regu
larly declared highway. Should these
inquiries prove unsatisfactory he intends
to consult mining attorneys, though be
dreads this step, as he is extremely jealous
of his secret. If there appears to him no
course by which he can gain possession of
the ledge without too expensive an outlay
he expects to interest some capitalist in
the matter, a scheme which, in view of
the assay, will probably not be difficult
Althou.'h Anderson speaks guardedly of
the location of his find, It seems probabie
that it is in some of the many streets
which have recently been cut through the
hi. is in the southwestern portion of the
City.
Mr. Anderson is a man of unimpeach
able veracity. He is one of the most
prominent and popular of the Swedish
residents and is well known among me
chanics and business men.
Money for Boys.
Any boy can make money for Christ
mas to-day selling the Christmas .News
Letter. Copies supplied by San Fran
cisco News Company, 210 Post street, or
at office. 5)4 Kearny street.
To- dat, commencing; at 9 a. m., the No-
Percentage Pharmacy has announced a
distribution of valuable gifts to purchasers
of drugs and medicines.
The general excellence of the goods sold
by this establishment will no doubt b°<
reflected in the fine quality of the free
articles offered to its patrons.
ATHLETES TO
SPAR TO-NIGHT
Five Promising Contests to
Be Decided at the
Olympic Club.
List of Names and Weights of
the Boys Who Will Wear
the Gloves.
Koster, a New Man, Who Will Op
pose Carter, Is Describe! as a
C ever Bozer.
Ten sinewy, muscular and well-trained
athletes will weigh in at the Olympic
Club this evening at 6 o'clock, and with
the conclusion of that necessary formality
everything will be in readiness for the five
j boxing contests which are slated to take
j place in the club gymnasium, commenc
! ing at 8:30 o'clock.
Of the boxers who will contest for su
premacy on that occasion, and whose
names have already appeared in these
i columns, all save one seem to be well
: known to the sporting fraternity.
Tnat exception is Gus Koster, who will
make his debut as the opponent of Stew
art Carter, the present welter-weight cham
pion of the coast. Julian R. Brandon,
I the well-known heavyweight, is, however.
j able to supply some information which
may prove of value to those who are dis
posed to judge the contest in question.
Mr. Brandon has been coaching Koster
for the last nine months, and expresses
himself rs satisfied that his pupil will
give an excellent account of himself.
He is said to be a clever and a pretty
boxer and a hard hitter, while adding to
these qualifications the manifest advan
tages of heieht and length of reach. He
stands 5 feet 10% inches in his stockings
and is only 23 years of age. Both men
are expected to strip at 145 pounds.
Koster has been training faithfully,
and will enter the ring in splendid con
dition. Mr. Brandon put him through
ten quick rounds the other evening by
way ot a finishing touch.
Carter, his opponent, has a reputation
to uphold, and in the opinion of His ad
mirers is well able to succeed in that en
deavor, but neither combatant is expected
to enjoy a walkover. The champion welter
weight is famous for an effective left hook,
by means of which he has discomfited
more than one skillful rival, but Koster
has been specially trained to frustrate
that method of attack. Mr. Brandon him
self has hitherto been very successlul as a
teacher of the noble art.
Many of his former pupils have at
tained prominent positions in the amateur
and professional world. He will second
his latest protege this evening.
The following is a list of the several
events which will be decided this evening,
weights and the name of the club with
which the boxer 3 are connected bein^
piven in each instance: Carter of the
Olympic Club and Koster of the Manhat
tan Club, 145; Hayes of the Olympic and
M. Ejran o t the Manhattan, 135; Mulligan
of the Manhattan and Brown of the Olym
pic, 125; Reay of the Olympic and Lynch
of the San Francisco Athletic Club, 125;
Lawier of the Acme and Schuler of the
Manhattan, 120. Without exception the
men mentioned ar* expected to give a
gentlemanly and spirited exhibition of
skill with the gloves. None but members
of the clubs represented wiil be admitted.
The Good Templars.
Since the wei:-att«nded and successful Grand
Lodge segsloc at Valiejo the interest in this order
seems to have taken firmer hold on the people
who believe in the principles it advocates. Key.
J. W. Webb, chief templar, and W. P. Skelton,
grand secretary, have finished their official visit-
Ing and lecture wort;.
It is expected that the lodge at Clements will be
reorganized and Victory Lodge at Lower Lake has
been instituted. Fresno-Mkdera District Lodee
bad a very fine meeting at West Park, as also did
Sacramento County Lodg' at Isleton, bau Diego
District Lodue at Ks ondido. Los Aiiß-les District
Lodge and San Joaquin Uia rlct i-odge at Lodi.
Friends or th* parcntless have sent contributions
from all parts fl the State for the orphans at the
home in Vailejo.
Dogrreo of Honor.
Ivy Lodge of Oakland will install Its officers on
the ni*ht of the 6ih of January. District Deputy
Eva . Cooga'n will be * the Installing officer. Two
candidates will be initiated by the drill team ana a
number of members from Han Francisco and Ala
meda lodges have signified their - intention to be
present. ■•• - •■ f . ■■■ ■■- .■■.■•■■..-.■
a number of beneficiary certificates are being
issued to members of Silver Star and Viola lodges.
'• : '■■ ■■- ■ — » ■«,':.. — — —. .'■;. ~\."-
There is a white-bearded race of savages
among the forests of the Maranon in South
America, supposed to be descended from
deserters and stragglers from the Spanish
conquerors, and believed to be cannibals.
Watches, Blamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building 10 b« removed. 6 and 7 Third St..
KEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
SPECIALS
FOR, THE —
HOLIDAYS!
- LADIES' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
• CHIEFS, Pure Linen,
$1, $1.50, $2 and $3 per Box.
(6 IN A BOX).
GENTS' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
. -Pure Linen,
$1.50, $2.25 and $3 per Box.
(6 IN A BOX).
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
LADIES' FEATHER COLLARETTES AND SCARFS,
$2, $3, $4.50, $6, $7.50, $9, $11, $12.50, $15, $18.50 Each. -
LADIES' GLORIA AND SILK UMBRELLAS,
$1, $1.50, $2, $3, $4 and $5 Each,
LADIES' FANCY EMBROIDERED APRONS,
25c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50 and $2 Each.
LADIES' BLACK MOREEN SKIRTS,
$1.75, $2, $2.50, $3.50 and $4.50 Each.
NOTE.— Store Will Be Open During
the Evenings Until Christmas.
Our Customers should not fail to take early advan-
tage of the EXTRAORDINARY VALUES we are offering
in above goods.
TBLBPHONB QRANT 1 &4.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ICO.
Beautiful bonbons for fun,
for feast and for favors.
Christmas tree ornaments.
Candles for trees and tables.
Candies for bonbonnier.
Honey cake (18 kinds).
Nuts, raisins, figs, dates,
sweet meats, dainties.
Afternoon teas, chafing
dishes, perfumes and toilet
articles. Wines, Califor-
nian and imported.
The world's table luxuries
specially imported for holi-
day trade.
We never had so many or
such beautiful tree decora-
tions and bonbons.
A call to-day will insure
better variety and better ser-
vice than on Thursday.
You really ought to call
to-day.
Cigars
for
Sifts
$2.00 to $30.00 a box.
Few presents give more
Goldberg, Bowea & Co.'s Special Sale— Continued.
pleasure to smokers than L
good cigars.
Our stock never was so
full or of such great variety.
Many sizes specially im-
ported for the holidays.
For years we've recorded
accurately the brand, size
and color of. cigars smoked
by our patrons.
Selections may safely be
left to us.
When smoked they'll be
liked|or disliked according as
they're good or bad ; reason
enough to give the best. .
L. A. Berteling Pres. H. X on) man,' Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, sec. Jos. Kordman, Treat.
BERTELING
OPTICAL CO.
427 Rearny St., Sear California.
The firm of L. A. BERTELING, incorporated
under the above style, have, preparatory to their
removal, started a
GRAND REMOVAL SALE.
Not wishing to take any of their Holiday Goods
Into their new quarters, which will be ready for
occupancy on or about Februarr 1, 1807, they
have reduced
Opera and Field Glasses,
Lorgnettes, Etc., to Actual
Jobber's Cost. , •
4'J< Kearny St., Near California.
OPEN KVENINGS.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
m ROOM
PALACE HOTEL
7 Direct Entrance from Market St
OPiCV UJSTII. MIDNIGHT.
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO
JhfH*r*~-Z&£*i>-T Is the Place to Buy
i||§|| DESKS, CHAIRS ,
B||Silf! OFFICE FUB.VITDRE '/
"^£^""^^3 C3B-C4O ailssionSt.
DRTJUUUS HAAS
kukope 'and
H "rfsnKX 14^rantavenue, roomll*.
Telephone Ho.. Red 34 1.