VOLUME LXXX.-NO, 110.
CANTON IS
THE MECCA
Pennsylvania Steel Work
ers Pay a Visit to Major
McKinley.
NEARLY FOUR THOUSAND
VOTERS IN LINE.
Wage-Earners Who Are Opposed
to the Level ot Pauper
Labor.
SEE THEIR ONLY SALVATION
IN PROTECTION.
Why Men of All Creeds and Classes
Are F:ocki:g to the Repub
lican Banner.
' CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 17 —A large and
enthusiastic delegation composed of the
employes of the Ed?ar Thompson Steel
"Works of Braddock, Pa., arrived on three
special trains over the Pennsylvania Rail
road shortly after noon to-day. The visit
ors were accompanied by the Sheridan Sa
ber and St. Thomas bands. There were
fully 3500 persons in the party.
At the depot the visitors w*s met by the
Canton Mounted Troop and a large crowd
of citizens. "When the last of the three
trains had pnlled into the station the line
was formed and the delegation marched
to the retidence of Major McKmiey. The
spokesman of the party was John L.
Jones. He made a brief speech to the
candidate, ;n which he praised the proiec
tive principles of the Republican party and
declared that his people were solidly for
sound money.
Major McKinley bad been received with
a storm of cheering when he appeared on
the porch. This applause was renewed
when the spokesman had finished his in
troductory remarks and the nominee had
mounted a chair to respond. Major Mc-
Kinley said:
. Mr. Jones and my fellow-citizens: Many del
egations have waited upon me in the last two
months. All have been welcome and their
visits have been inspiring, but somehow when
an assemblage of worJri nginen come to pay me
a visit it attracts my Interest and touches kit
heart. [Cheers.] I bid you welcome to my
city and to my home. I can well appreciate
why the workingmen of this country should
have a deep and. profound interest Id the out
come of the present National contest. [Cries
of "We have."] We cannot fail to remember
that the one thing which stands between your
labor and the labor of Europe — the only thing
which stands between your workshops and the
workshops of the Old World— a wise, patri
otic American protective policy. [Great cheer
ing and cries of "Eight you are."]
I am very glad to have this large delegation
of the employes of the great Edgar Thomson
Bteel Works of Braddock, Pa., at, my home.
[Applause and cries of "We are glad to be
here."] You have come, us your spokesman
has stated, to bring me your goodwill and
that of your fellow-citizens, whom you repre
sent, lam glad to have you to come in the
manner your spokesman has described — repre
senting all creeds, all colors and all classes;
men who belong to the Republican' party and
those who have heretofore belonged to other
parties, now acting together for what they be
lieve to be the common good. [Applause.]
This is distinctively the people's year, when
old lines are effaced and men heretofore op.
posed meet upon a common platform to sus
tain the honor of the country. [Applause.]
Parties are only agents of tbe people. They
are only what the people make them, and en
titled to their confidence only so long as they
serve their highest and best interests, [Ap
plause and cries of "That's right."] We are
all concerned, no matter what may be our oc
cupations, in our country's welfare. [Cries of
"Trial's so."] Whatever political views we
may have, however we may differ on minor
questions of public policy, we are all of one
mind in the conviction that something i& the
matter with the country. We may differ in
our diagnosis; we may differ about the treat
ment in detail, but we do not disagree upon
what is essential in the first instance to the
restoration of the better conditions of the
past. One thing above all else that is wanted
at this juncture is the return of public and
private confidence. [Applause and cries of
"Correct"
Its absence is our fundamental trouble.
Upon that there cannot be two opinions, and
that, my fellow-citizens, no class of people
know better than you. We know the very
day and the hour when thin confidence was
first shaken, and from that hour distrust and
doubt have hung over the business of the
country. It has been aggravated from a
variety of causes, but none greater than the
assault which has been made by the allied
political organizations upon the credit and
the currency of the country. [Applause and
cries of "That* right."]
This new menace must be averted before we
can hope to have any permanent prosperity.
We know that the present money standard has
not stood in the way of our prosperity in the
past. [Cries ot No, no; free trade has."] You
know that we were prosperous In 1892 and
tad been for the preceding ten years. You
know that we have not seen any real measure
of prosperity since. [Applause and cries of
"that's right."]
Business is so sensitive, so quick to scent
danger, that any legislation or proposed
legislation or change of policy which would
derange or alter or unsettle values is felt long
be tore ibe apprehended blow is given. So
that from the very hour it was determined by
the American people that the Republican
party, which with but a single interruption
had been in control of the Government for
more than thirty years, was to go out of power
and another party with a different policy was
to come in that moment every business of the
country assumed an attitude of waiting and
of fear and anxiety. [Applause] While busi
ness men were waiting to know exactly what
legislation was to be business was languishing
from oue end to the other and labor was with
out work. Then we commenced living from
h«nd to mouth, and we have been living from
hand to mouth ever since. [Great applause
aud cries of "We have."]
As an old comrade said to me a few dnys ago,
"The distance seems to be getting greater with
erch succeeding year." [Laughter and ap
plause.] According to a census rccenty taken
by a newspaper in New York it appears that
in July, 1892,587 employers of labor in ihe
United States gave work to 114,231 bands.
How was it in July, 1896? [Cries of "Not so
good."] The same emp overs gave wo;k to 78,
-700 uands; 35,531 men -Fho had been em
ployed In 1892 were thrown out of employ
The San Francisco Call.
ment in 1896 and put in a stale of idleness,
resulting in a loss of more than 30 p»r cent to
labor. In July, 1892, .he wages paid to the
114,231 hands amounted to $3,927,000. In
July, 1896, the earning* of the 78,000 hands
amounted to only $2,469,712, a loss to labor
in v single month in those establishments of
$1,457,000, or 40 per cent. [A voice—"Penn
sylvania knows if] \es, and Pennsylvania,
like- all the rest of the country, will vote this
year *.vith that knowledge. [Cries of "Right,
right."] In 1892 the monthly average of
wages paid in these establishments was
$34 50, iv 1896 only $31.
My country men, I am one of th<|se Ameri
cans who believe that the American workshop
should be protected as iar as possible from the
foreign workshop, to the end thai American
workingmen may be constantly employed and
so protected, too, as to be employed at Ameri
can wages. [Tremendous cheering and cries
of "What's the matter with Mi-Kin ley? He's
all right."] Nor do I want products cheapened
at the expense of American manhood. [Ap
plause.] Nor do I think that it is economy to
buy goods cheaply abroad if thereby it en
force-- idleness at home. [Renewed applause.]
Such goods are the dearest that the American
people can buy. [Cries of "Eight you are,
Major.'*] James G. Blalne [applause], that
gifted statesman, in 1884 spoke words of wis
dom which seem singularly applicable to our
present situation and to the pre.-ent hour. He
said: "A policy that would Hbandon the fieid
of home trade must prove disastrous to the
mechanics and workingmen of the United
States. Wages are unjustly reduced when an
industrious man is not able by hit earnings to
live in comfort, educate his children and save
a sufficient amount for tbe necessities of age.
The reduction of waxes inevitably conse
quent upon throwing our home market open
to the world would deprive the workin«;iuen
of the United States of the power to do this.
It would prove a great calamity to our coun
try. It would produce a conflict between the
poor and the rich, and in the sorrowful degra
dation of labor would plant the seeds of pub
lic danger. The Republican party has steadily
aimed to maintain just relations between capi
tal and labor— guarding with care the rights
oi erch. A conflict between the two has al
ways led in the past and will always lead in
the future to the injury of both. [Applause.]
Labor is indispensable to the creation and
profitable use of capital, and capital increases
tbe efficiency and value of labor. Whoever
arrays the one against the other is an euemy
of both. [Applause.] This policy is wisest and
ben which harmonizes tbe two on the basis of
absolute justice. The Republican party has
protected the free labor of America so that its
compensation is larger than it realized in any
other country. [Great applause and cries of
•'Hurrah for McKinley."]
But, my countrymen, as if the business con
ditions were not bad enough and hard enough
to bear, we have thrust upon us at this most
critical time in tbe business affairs of the
Kiit. on a proposition to debase the currency of
the country, and to undermine the public
credit. We know what partial free trade has
done for the labor of the United States. It has
diminished its employment and earnings. We
do not propose now to inaugurate a currency
system that will cheat labor in its pay. The
laboring men of this couu try, whenever they
give one d y's work to their employer, want to
be paid in full dollars, good everywhere in the
world. [Great cheering and cries of "McKin
ley's all riisht" ] We want in this country
good work, good wages and good money. [Ap
plause.] We want to continue our good Gov
ernment with its generous privileges and
matchless opportunities, and want it to be a
government where law is supreme all over
[cheers], and for the equal benefit of aIL [Re
newed cheering.]
My fellow-citizen*, It If gratifying to me to
be assured by your spokesman and my old
comrade— it will be inspiring to the whole
country — that the voice of labor here to-day
declares that no party which degrades the
honor of the Nation, no party which stands
opposed to law and order, or which setks to
array the masses against the classes, shall
receive its vote and support. [Great cheering
and cries of "That's right."]
Golden words are these which will strike a
chord of sympathy in every American home
where virtue dwells and truth abides. [Ap
plause.] We have this year resting upon us as
citizens a grave responsibility. The country
hab never failed or faltered in the past to meet
every crisis. It will not faiter or fail now to
uphole the dignity and independence of labor
and the honor and stability of the Govern
-1 ment that it may still further exalt the
American name. [Applause.]
I thank you over and over again for this call
and for the patriotic sentiments which have
been so eloquently express ed by your spokes
man. To have the hearty support of the work
ingm'-n is- indeed an honor for which I thank
you in the name of the cause which I repre
sent, and is only another evidence of the
wisdom and strength of free government.
May God bring to you and to your homes cheer
and contentment. [Great applause.]
Major McKinley 's mail was exception
ally neavy this morning. Besides the
usual large number of letters containing
expressions of best wishes, assurance of
support and congratulations upon the
Maine victory there were advices from nu
merous political organizations, clubs and
individuals throughout this and adjoin
ing States of their intention to participate
in the big demonstration to be held in this
city to-morrow.
Should the weather prove favorable it is
expected that the opening of the campaign
in Stark County to-morrow will be the
greatest political gathering in the history
of the Btate. The railroads centering in
Canton have arranged for the reception of
fifty special trains of excursionists which
will come from all directions.
ARE GOING TO CANTON.
Thousand* of BnUroad Men io Oreet
Major MrKinlry.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept 17.— Five thou
sand gayly attired employes, members of
the Railway Men's Sound-Money clubs in
Chicago, are expected to go to Canton to
morrow night Ninety cars have been
furnished by tbe roads and ten special
trains will be run. It is claimed that 1600
men will be unable to go on account of
insufficient car facilities All tbe trains
will be run on the Pennsylvania Railroad,
the first leaving at 9 o'clock.
Tbe Baltimore and Ohio employes who
are organized lor McKinley will go to Can
ton September 29. Tbe men who worK
between Garrett and Canton will compose
the party.
SOUTH CAROLINA REPUBLICANS.
Twin State Convention* fmU to Beach
an Agreement.
COLUMBIA, 8. C, Sept. 17.— The twin
State conventions, representing two fac
tions of the Republican party in this
State, the Melton faction, known as the
Union Reorganized Republican party, and
the old-line Republicans, which was
recognized by the National Convention,
met to-day in the State House. The Mel
ton meeting was caLed together at noon
by State Chairman Mellon.
Mr. Duncan of Newberry introduced a
resolution looking to the appointment oi
a committee on conference, and it wa^
aureeJ to.
Tbe "regular" faction met at 2 p. m.,
with E. A. Webster presiding. In bia
opening speech Mr. Web-ter indicated an
opposition io compromise with the Mel
tonites. T. J. Dickerson was elected
chairman. General Small's suggestion
that the convention wa- ready to hear
overtures na^ opposed by many, but when
S. £. Smith appeared from the otoer con
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
William J. Bryan has been "talking for Buncombe." For weeks he has poured into the ears of the people of
the country, from Nebraska to the sounding sea, a torrent of talk that his political opponents have often designated
as "buncombe," and at last he is convicted — caught in the act. To-day he imitated the Congressman of long ago,
who, rising to address the House, and having no extraordinary powers of manner or matter, drove most of his audi
ence from the building, then naively told those remaining that they might go, too, as he was only "talking for
Buncombe." Asheville is the capital of Buncombe County and for it Mr. Bryan talked to-day. — Press Dispatch
from Asheville, Buncombe County, N. C.
veution he was received. Smith at
tempted to make a speech, but was shut
off, being told to read the document He
persisted in speaking, and being "called
down," retired without his paper of peace.
Tbe regulars were enraged at this. The
convention then proceeded to appoint
committees, and adjourned until 8
o'clock p. k.
On Smith's return to the Meltonites he
recommended that another attempt be
made. A committee of seven was there
upon appointed. After recess the first
thing done was the passage of resolutions
of resolutions of sympathy for Cuba. The
conference committee bore to tbe other
body an apology for Smith's action and a
proposition that they join issues in the
coming fight. In the interim the plat
form was read. It indorses the St. Louis
plattorm.
A full State ticket of white men with
Sampson Pope at the head was nominated.
The regulars here sent in a communica
tion saying it was out of their power to
interfere with nominations to be made by
Congressional conventions, and that a
committee from their convention tad
already been appointed to select Presi
dential electors, which would confer with
a proper committee from this convention.
The lily whites sent an answer to the
regulars that, as it was evident they did
not wish to act with them for the better
ment of the Republican party, the negotia
tions to that end might be considered at
an end. This action was received with
cheera. A fail electoral ticket was nomi
nated.
George W. Murray read the act of Con
gress which provided the means whereby
the several Southern States had their re
presentation in Congress restored to them.
By the terms of this act he claimed no
United States court, without nullifying
the act, could do otherwise than declare the
South Carolina constitution void. He sug
gested that they apply to some United
States Circuit Judge for a writ of man
damus to compel the registration of the
negro voters of the State. As a starter for
the fund he gave his check for $100. The
executive committee was instructed to
push the matter with the least possible de
lay.
At the evening session of the regulars
the platform was read; then a State ticket
was nominated. R. M. Wallace of Bumter
is the gubernatorial candidate.
AT REPUBLICAN HEADQUA R TERS.
Member* of Mf**ouri Faction* Air
grievances ' Ha ore Manna.
-: CHICAGO, ■ 111., '< Sept. 17.— The old
Kerens-Filley factional fight in Missouri
Republican politics was transferred to
National headquarters and the sanctum
where Chairman Hanna and Henry C.
Payne sit. by the arrival to-day of four St;
Louis Republicans as the representatives
of State Chairman Fill-jy. National Com
itteeman Kerens and some of the other
Missourians who : joined him in the com
plaint to Mr. Hanna r yesterday, that 1 Mis
ouxi was ibeing/ neglected outside' of St. ;
Louis, were also at headquarters. They
IN HIS ELEMENT.
will remain here until Executive Commit
teeman L»land, who has charge of Mis
souri and Kansas, arrives to-morrow and
the trouble is passed upon at a formal con
ference.
Tbe Kerens faction has proposed that
Mr. Lelsnd establish headquarters for the
National Committee in Kansas City and
conduct the rest of the campaign in Mis
souri independent of theStute Committee.
The delegation which hurried here in tbe
interests of Mr. Filley as soon as it was
known that the Kerens delegation had
seen Mr. fianna was composed of Charles
Parson, banker; Alderman Charles Na
pe), Mark Chartrand and Thomas Neid
ringhaus, the tinplate-maker. They vig
orously protested to Mr. Hanna that the
Missouri campaign was being conducted
satisfactorily and said pome uncompli
mentary things about the complaining
delegation.
Mr. Hanna declined to discuss tbe situ
ation except to say that a way would be
found for both factions to work harmoni
ously for tbe success of the ticket.
Speaker Reed is expected in Chicago
October 1. Tbe Illinois Steelworkers'
Sound-money Club of South Chicago,
which is said to have a membership of
2000, has invited tbe SpeaKer to address
the organization in South Chicago and he
has accepted.
Senator Cullom, who is to be one of the
speakers at the Canton rally to-morrow,
arrived at headquarters from the Egypt
section of Illinois, where he has been
making numerous speeches. He said his
observations convinced him Illinois would
give McKinley a tremendous majority.
He admitted the fusion of the Populists
and Democrats in many Southern Illinois
counties would keep the .Democratic vote
to its normal size, but with voters of the
old parties there was strict adherence to
party lines. The Senator will go to Ken
tucky for three speeches after leaving
Canton.
Committeemen and others at headquar
ters were greatly disappointed to iearn
that Benjamin Harrison had declined to
make any speaking engagements for the
present. It is known that his law court
engagements and magazine work will
keep him busy until October 1, but as the
ex-Presideni has not said be would make
no more speeches during the campaign it
is be'ieved be can be induced by intimate
friends within the patty to deliver sev
eral addresses in the West, especially one
in Cheapo.
National Committeeman Kittredge of
South Dakota came in to ask lor a promi- j
nent speaker to answer the Democratic
speeches wiiicb will be made at the fair in
Sioux Falls to-morrow. Horace Boies and
Cotign-ssman Towne are to be the opposi
tion orai< W, :>nd excursions have been
arrangrd to ruu into Sii«ux Falls within a
radius ol 200 miles or more.
Captain E. E. Palmer ol Omaha, a Police
Commissoner, called, ana told Perry
Heath: "There is no use lying a bom it.
'J here is plenty of silver sentiment in
Om .ha among mechanics, laboring men
and railroad employes, and it is only re
cent y they have be' v a king for sound
money or ; aiiff li.erature." He asKed lor
a lot «>; ii traiure to b sent him lor dis
tribution, and he will get it.
ANGLO-SAXON AID
FOR ARMENIANS
Proposed Combination of
England and United
States.
DOWN WITH THE SULTAN
Washington Oificials Doubt That
the Coalition Has Been
Formed.
BRITONS FAVOR THE SCHEME.
Two American Warships Are Now
on Their Way to Force the
Dardanelles.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 17. — The St.
James Gazette to-day publishes s special
dispatch from Washington in which it is
asserted that the United States will help
England in any operations undertaken in
Turkish waters fur the protection of Chris
tians.
According to the dispatch President
Cleveland has determined definitely that
the United States ship Bancroft, now on
her way to the Mediterranean, shall enter
the Bo phorus with or without the per
mission of the Sultan, and shall make her
way to Constantinople even if fore* be
necessary.
Tite American Government, the dis
patch says, has been fully informed of the
plans of Lord Salisbury, and is prepared
toco-operate in them. Ibese plans pro
vide t at the British fleet shall force the
passage of the Dardanelles and shall do
the actual fighting. The American ships
will not engage the Turkish forts, but will
follow behind the British ii?et and will
preserve order.
Several of the leading provincial papers,
mc uding the Leeds Mercury (Liberal) and
the Yorkshire Post (Conservative) concur
in tiie View that a joint action Oi the Brit
ish and American warshins at Constanii
nop eto overawe t c Sultan an -i compel
him to extend protection to Christians
would be a magnificent and effective co
operation.
WASHINGTON, D. <\, Bept 17.— The
story published iv the English papers to
day stating that the American Govern
ment had decided to co-operate with
England in the operations in Turkey is
doubted here. It is thought that it origi
nated from tbe fact that tbe Bancroft and
Cincinnati were both ordered to Turkish
waters.
Prominent officials state that if Eng
land should begin warlike operations
against Turkey the Americans vessels
would undoubtedly co-operate in the way
of saving tbe lives of Christians and pre
venting massacres as far as possible; but
they do not believe that any definite
agreement of co-operation has been en
tered into. They believe that the dis
patching of the Bancroft and Cincinnati
was a purely independent move on the
part of tliis Government.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 17.— The
United States cruiser Cincinnati passed
out at Quarantine at 3:40 p. >t. to-day,
bound for the Bosphorus. She is expected
to overtake and consort the Bancroft,
which left a few days ago for the same
destination.
MOUTH OF LURKISE TROOPS.
Lively Battle, in Which Three Hundred
Are Killed.
LONDON, Eno., Sept. 17.— The Tele
graph will to-morrow publish a dispatcb
from Paris saying that a telegram received
in that city from Constantinople states
that the troops on duty at tbe Yildez
KiosK, the residence of the Sultan, muti
nied on Thursday.
Tne Minister of War was summoned
to restore discipline. He tooK with him
the military cadets and two detachments
of trusty soldiers. When the Minister
arrived at the s-cene ho ordered the muti
neers to lay down their arms. This they
refused to do, and a fight resulted when
the Minister attempted to enforce his
orders.
The fighting lasted for half an hour, at
the end of which time the Minister forced
his way into the palace. According to the
dispatch over 300 of the combatants were
Killed. Attempts to confirm the foregoing
report have been without result.
Hid" fiet All th<- J>vu>*.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 17.— The United
Associated Presses to-day entered into
contract relations with the Newcastle
Chronicle and the Leeds Yorkshire Post
to furnish those prominent papers with
tbe daily service of cable dispatches cov
ering the American field of news, which
is already being supplied to tbe Man
chester Guardian, th<- Edinburgh Scots
man, tbe G.asgow Herald, the Aberdeen
free Press, the Dundee Advertiser and a
number of other journals, includ ng the
London Chronicle, which was the first ol
the influential British papers to avail it
self of this special -e-vice.
Sfftteno- of a Kobb'r
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 17.— W. H.
Bowers, a ias M ore, alia* Burton, of St.
Louis, Mo., was sentenced here to-day to
live years' ', imprisonment 'a t hard labor to r
robbing; the Berlin '.Cas^en' Verein of 500J
marks. Bowers In 1881 tried hi- hand at
bank robbery' iivAmerioa',' he being known'
at that time as George Ebbens.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DAVE HILL
IN CONTROL
Runs the New York Democ
racy to Suit His
Own Slate.
JOHN BOYD THACHER IS
NOMINATED.
Machine M^n Select a Gold Ad
vocate to Race for the
Governorship.
WILBUR F.PCBTERGETSS COND
PLACE ON IHE TICKET.
Some Sop for the Silverites by an
Indorsement of the Chicago
Pla form.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 17.— 1n one
sweeping sentence the Democracy of the
State of New York to-day indorsed the
Chicago platform and the nominations of
W. J. Bryan and Artnur Sewali. The State
ticket nominated is:
For Governor— John Boyd Thacher of
Albany. <
For Lieutenant-Governor — "Wilbur F.
Po ter of Jefferson.
For Judge of the Court of Appeals —
Robert C. Titus of Erie.
Electors at large— Robert H. Bu-sh of
Horsehead and Benjamin Wood of New
York.
Tbe convention completed its work in
one short session, which was not altogether
harmonious, but which resulted in a vic
tory for the regular organization and the
selection of a candidate for Governor who
was repeatedly denounced as a gold bug
and an enemy of all that the Chicago plat
form stands lor. The ballot for Governor
was: Thacher 333, Sulzer 90, Porter 20.
Senator Hill and his lieutenants never
lost control of the convention for a mo
ment, though several attempts were made
to stamoede the dele, ates to Stilzer. The
machine rolled over all opposition and
though strong protests against naming a
gold man on a silver platform was made,
the programme mapped out by tbe confer*
ence at Woiferts Roost went through with
out a serious hitch. Tbe naming of con
servative men instead of extreme silver
ites will, it is believed, prevent the plac
ing of a second Democratic ticket by the
National Democracy when their conven
tion is held in Brooklyn on September 24.
If this result is reached the threatened
split of the Democratic party in this
State is averted.
The platform with its pledge of support
to Bryan and Sewall is expected to over
come the objections of extreme silver men
to tbe candidates named, and the indorse
ment of tbe Chicago platform is tempered
by the naming of Thacher for Governor.
The middle course . chosen by Senator
Hill after weeks of thought, has been laid
down for the Democrats of tbe Empire
State, and a way is found for them to pre
serve regularity by indorsing the National
ticket and save the organization by voting
for candidates for State offices who hare
always stood for sonnd money.
There were many changes made in tbe
State Committee, and Elliott Dan fort a
succeeded James W. Hinckley as chair
man. No action was taken upon the
resignation of William F. Sheehan as a
member of tbe National Committee from
this State.
The convention was called to order at
11:02. The report of the committee on
credentials was adopted.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion selected Hon. H. H. Rockwell of Che
mung f«r permanent chairman, and the
temporary secretaries were made perma
nent.
Mr. Rockwell was cordially greeted. Ha
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention : For the nigh honor of being chosen
to preside over the further deliberations of
this most representative convention of the
great maas of Democratic voters of New York,
I return my heartielt thanks. After the ad
journment of the National Democratic Con
vention at Chicago « distinguished ex-Gov
ernor of this State who participated v its pro
ceedings, but who has since fled io tbe cave of
Adullam at Indianapolis, is reported to have
said that "tbe platform was just suited to the
candidates and the candidates to the plat
form," a::d although the remark wo* made by
way of disparagement, yet from the ex
pressions of sentiment which we have already
had here, and from the instructions which we
have received from our constituents, I believe
that the platform and candidates are uot only
suited to each other, but are sui ed to the
needs and requirements of the whole American
people; that they meet the approval of the
party, and that in November they will receive
the approval of the majority of the voters of
the :Srttloti.
For many years our people have had to
struggle with adverse conditions rath-r than
with political theories. Early in 1893 condi
tions which baa been sU>wl> bnt sure.y ri j en
ing, uuderafHlse and mischievous financial
system, resulted, as had b^en foreseen and
foretold, in great business adversity and a
general prostration i.f our commerce and in
dustries. Bit -ks ciused their doors, and many
of our oldest and strongest business institu
tions wer»* forced to the wall. Factories were
el..se<i an<i gr<ai armies of the unerapioved
.ooked despairingly < n and saw ttu-ir wives
and children suffering for the necessaries of
life.
'Ihe Congress was convened in special ses
sion for tho purpose of d vising means to re
lieve the situation.
During tne oebHtes which ensued the Sena
tor irom this Stale said in his place in the
Senate: "The permanent remedy for all our
financial evils is it return Io . he system of bi
metallism which existed previous io 1873."
Giiimeinen, we ar.- I emoira's and we are not
revolutionists. The flnaic.al evils from which
we then suffered still exist. Business still lan
guishes. Tbe arm. of ihe nnemp.oyed still
stands with foldt-d arms and wistfully waiting
to see ihe wheels of industry again in m >tion.
Our opponents offer us no remedy or relief!
If tne pollc> of s.t-artiUHt adherence to gold
in nom-tuliicm. enunciated by t iem for tne
first time in th- National piatfrrm of any
political party, shxi be made effective, then
we are without hop.-. And what .6 our rem
edy? Whai wa> ihe system o. bimetallism
w..i(h prevai.ed prior to 1873? It was the
iree and uniimi ed coinage ■! both gold and
sl.ver <>n t-quai terms and with' ut d.sorimina
:i<>u a a r.i'i<> ol practically 16 to 1, exactly
what is d mail led by the Chicago platform.
li ii the oim- a.iic system of tne constitu
tion, which, reserves to the Federal Govern2
ment the exclusive right to coin money, and
forbids the States from making anything other
than gold and silver coins of the United States
a legal tender in the payment of debts. It is
the system founded by that great conservative
statesman aud financier, Alexander Hamil
ton, by and with the advice, consent and co
operation of the father of Democracy, Thomas
Jefferson, and the other early statesmen.
In June last the Republican party assembled
In National convention at St. Louis, nomi
nated its candidates for President and V ice-
President and adopted a platform of princi
ples. It is the first square declaration in any
platform In favor ot the s:ngle standard and
In opposition to the use of silver as lawful
money. Silver is not "standard" money now,
but It is measured by gold. We have the gold
standard a. one. and tiie Republican party in
its platform demands its maintenance in viola
tion of all the pant teachings a:id policy and
n vioiatioD of the constitu:i>n.
Again I say we are Democrats and we are not
revolutionists- Revolutionists, rather apply
the term to those engaged in the attempt to
destroy one-half tfte money oi the world,
thereby, as Baron Rothschild said, accomplish
ing a destruction of values without any com
pensation, ihan to us Who are trying to return
to the monetary system which prevailed in
our country for more than eighty years, a sys
tem founded and approved by Hamilton, Jef
ferson and all the early statesmen of the Re
public.
But it is also charged that we are repudia
tl on is Is.
They lay that we are in favor of a 53-cent
dollar to be used in the payment of debts.
Our answer is that a return to the system of
bimetallism, which existed prior to 1873
means that gold and silver shall be kept at a
parity of vaiue according to. the legal ratio,
why was it that the bullion value remained
stab.c before 1873, and began to vary after
that date? Not because of the increased rela
tive position of silver. There were much
wider variations in the relative production of
the metals before 1873 than then 1 have been
since. At one period the production of gold
■was 75 per cent less than that of silver; at an
other period it was more than 200 per
cent greater. At one time silver coinage al
most ceased.
But all during this almost 100 years there
was never a moment when a melted silver
dollar of the United Stales would not bring
more than a dollar in gold in the world's
market. The use of gold and silver is almost
entirely a monetary one. People for ages
have used both for money. Neither silver nor
gold has any intrinsic value.
Their value is artificial — caused by human
desire. That desire is caused by their mone
tary use, and that alone. The value of gold
rests in the confidence that men have in a
Government that will recognize its monetary
use and stamp it as money. While men had
that same confidence in silver, it was as valua
ble when melted as wnen coined, just as cold
has continued to i>e. It was because the Gov
ernment withdrew that recognition, discrim
inated against silver, and refused to coin or
recoin it, that people lost faith in silver, and
its value as compared witn gold depreciated.
The value of a gold dol ar rests alone on the
faith of the Government, and under restored
bimetallism the value of a silver dollar would
rest on the same basis.
"But," say our opponents, "the production
of silver has been so great, owing to new dis
coveries and improved mining methods, that
its value has been destroyed and we shall have
a flood of silver if we open our mints to its
free coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1."
The ratio of 16 to 1 was established more
than sixty years ago after a careful estimate
which showed that there was in weight just
about sixteen times as much silver as gold in
the world. The proportions of values have
not materially changed. The director of the
mint has issued a table showing the amount
in ounces of production ot silver in weight
since that time has been a little more thau six
teen times that of gold. But for hundreds of
years men have been accumulating great stocks
of gold and silver which have become so enor
mous that the production of any one year, or
five years, or teu years, can have but a slight
effect on their relative value.
It was not increased production of (liver, but
it was legislation, and that alone, that caused
the depreciation of silver. Demonetization by
France and Germany and the United States
caused silver to fall in value. The repeal of
the Sherman law and the closure of the Indian
mints caused so great and 1 sudden a decline as
to clearly show the relation of cause and effect.
It. was not increased production but destruo
tion of demand for free silver that ce used its
fall ii. value.
Now we claim that what legislation de
stroyed, it can restore. We entered on the -road
to gold monometallism by legislation. Finding
that we made a mistake, let us turn back to
our starting point. That is the true meaning
of our platform. The consequences of our mis
take has been most disastrous.- Ever since
1873, prices of every thing have fallen propor
tionately with silver. A dollar in gold to-day
will buy twice as many commou commodities
as it would prior to 1873. It will buy twice as
much laud. Farms have shrunk nearly one
half. But the mortgages have not shrunk nor
the taxes, nor the notes, nor other evidences
of indebtedness.
Sliver has not depreciated, but has remained
stable as compared with other property. Gold
has appreciated, its purchasing power hat
doubled.
Talk of an honest dollar 1 An appreciated
dollar is just as dishonest as a depreciated
one. Our opponents even appeal to the labor
ing man engaged in other avocations and tell
him that the remonetization of silver Is a
scheme to raise values in the interest of the
farmer alone; that it will result in raising
the cost of living without a corresponding in
crease in wages. But let us consider who they
are who make this appeal. Every monopolist,
every oppressor of labor, is engaged witn
MarkHannain forwardiug your interests by
keeping down values aud prices for your
benefit.
Wno is Mark HannaT Go ask the sailors on
the Great Lakes, the men whom his organized
thugs in Cleveland shot and beat and starved
into submission. Go ask the miners of Ohio,
Michigan and West Virginia. Every do'.lar of
the millions which he has ttccumulated is
tainted with the sweat and blood of oppressed
and down-trodden labor. He glories in the
fact that his money and hit work secured
Major McKmley's nomination, and he ex
pects them to secure his election. With
him are engaged the great trusts and
monopolies and railroad corporations. It is
their boast that their money and their power
cannot be beaten. These are the men who are
so zealous of the interest of labor. No, my
friend:-, our interests are all bound up to
gether. For twenty years we have had con
stantly falling prices But let prices begin to
rise and cupiial will come from its hiding
places aud seek investment in profitable en
terprises. Wheii J*«us of Nazareth scourged
the money-cn angers from the temple, when he
denounced the Jewi.-h hierarchy, charging
them with binding heavy hardens tou griev
ous to be borne, he was denounced as a revo
lutionist And anarctiixt; when the people of
the American colonies protested against the
unjust taxation of Great Britain they were
denounced as revolutionists; when Richard
Cobden led his crusade against the unjust and
oppressive corn laws of Great Biitajn tie was
denounced as a revolution la*; wh.-n William
H. Beward pronounced that this Nation could
not endure half slave and half free
he was denounced as a revolutionist; when
Abraham Lincoln Issued the proclamation
which struck the fetters from the limbs of
mii lions of slaves he was deuounced as a revo
lutionist.
The cry of revolutionist and anarchist has
always been raised whenever man has pro
tested against existing abuses in government
and social order. But reforms have suc
ceeded, in spite of the intoleiance and perse
cution of men high in power and social posi
tion.
If we will be true to our principles, true to
our convictions and go mauiuliy forward to
the battle, we shali succeed in makiue this a
Government of the peopie. by the people and
for the people, instead of a Government of
trusts and monopolies, by trusts and monopo
lies aud for the benefit of trusts and ttonopo
lies.
Chairman Rockwell's speech was ap
plauded mildly at intervals, but when be
j-aid, "Let Bryafl be elected," there was
enthusiasm. Mure noise was made by the
spectators in the galleries than by the
delegates.
B. J. York of Kings read the report of
the committee on platform. It was as
follows :
The Democratic party of the State of New
York in convention assembled unreservedly
. indorses the platform adopted by the Demo
cratic party at the National convention, held
• n Chicago, July 7, 1896; cordially approves
the nomination there nude, pledges to Wil<
lam J. Brvau aud Arthur Sewall its hearty aud
active support, and declares as its deliberate
judgment that never in the history of toe
Democratic party he* a platform been written
which embodied more completely the inter
ests of tue whole people as distinguished from
those who seek legislation lor private benefit
than that given to the country by the National
Democratic Convention oi 1890.
The Raines liquor law is vigorously de
nounced and Governor Morton's adminis
tration severely criticized for alleged ex
travagance, 'ihe removal of veterans
from office to make room for favorites is
deplored and the building of good roads
advocated.
When lie finished reading the platform
Mr. York moved the previous question on
its adoj tion. There were shouts of "No I"
Henry B. Purroy rose and protected. He
was rapped down. The noes were more
numerous than the ayes. The vote was
put ana declared carried.
P«rroy challenged the decision of the
chair and demanded a rollcali. There
was great confusion. The ayej were in
support of the chair and the noes were
against. The chair announced that 226
votes, a majority, had been cast to sustain
the chair to 22 asaiueU
On motion of Senator Guy the motion to
adopt tbe platform was made unanimous.
The following telegram was received:
* New York, N. V., bept. 17.
non. Thomas F. Grade, Chairman, Convention
Hall, Buffalo: My resignation irom the Na
tional Committee has this day been iorwarded
to tbe Hon. James X.. Jones.
William F. Eheehan.
Samuel L. Tiki en Jr. offered a resolu
tion which was adopted, authorizing the
State Committee to fill all vacancies on
the ticket.
Nominations for Governor were then de
clared in order.
Louis W. Pratt of Albany presented the
name of John Boyd Thacher.
Judge Frank Downs of Bingbamton
presented the name of William Suizer.
John Boyd Thacher was nominated on
the first ballot. The vote of New York
settled it and the nomination was made
unanimous. Colonel Danford presented
the name of Wilbur F. Porter of Jefferson
County for Lieutenant-Governor.
William B. Reed of Kings moved that
the entire vote of the convention be cast
by the secretary for Wilbnr F. Porter. It
was so ordered, and Judge Porter was de
clared the nominee for Lieu ten aut-Gov
ernor.
Moses Shire of Erie made a brief speech
nominating Robert C. Titus for Associate
Judge of the Court of Appeals. This
nomination was seconded by many dele
gases and made by acclamation.
Delegates began leaving tne bail before
the Judge ot the Court of Appeals had
been nominated. No one seemea to have
much interest in the proceedings after the
head of the ticket was determined upon.
The galleries went out with a rusb when
their idol, William Suizer, was defeated.
At 2:4o o'clock the convention adjourned
sine die.
MAT NOT HE TRANSFERED.
Drs. Hamilton and Godfrey Object to
L-jcchanging Potts.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 17.— Friends of
Dr. John B. Hamilton, chief of the United
States Marine Hospital in this city, confi
dently asserts that he will not be trans
ferred to San Francisco, the orders from
Washington to the contrary notwithstand
ing. Strong pressure has been brought to
bear to have the order recalled. All of
Dr. Hamilton's interests lie in this city,
and be is averse to the proposed change,
By the same order transferring Dr.
Hamilton to San Francisco, Dr. Godfrey
of that city has been commanded to take
charge of the Chicago service. That offi
cial has also appealed from the order of
the surgeon-general of the Marine Hospi
tal service and an indefinite extension has
been obtained pending a final decision.
MEXICANS IN CONGRESS,
President Diaz's Message Read
at the Formal Opening
of the Body.
Congratulates His Country on Settle
ment ot Boundary Disputes With
the Unite! States.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mexico. Sept. 17.—
Congress opened last night. President
Diaz in his message said the Rio Grande
boundary Commission bad already solved
two grave questions as to the disputed
territory. The President referred to tiie
agreement between tbe two countries al
lowing tbe passage of troops in pursuit of
the Apacbe Kid's Indians, which will re
main in force until the band is either ex
terminated or reduced to obedience. Re
garding tbe assault on on August
12 by robbers be said the United States
troops had rendered valuable assistance
in the pursuit of the band and that in
structions had been given to the Wash
ington legation to request tbe extradition
or punishment of tbe guilty parties.
Tbe agreement as to tbe Guatemalan
boundary. President Diaz said, had been
duly ratified and the exchange was m:sde
on May 9 Ihe boundary commission was
engaged in its work and numerous works
were in course of erection.
With regard to the Pan-American Con
gress held here in August, the President
said it bad for its main object tbe discus
sion of the Monroe doctrine. The con
gress was ] romotfd with tbe best inten
tions by Ecuador, but the subject was a
delicate ana difficult one. Only delegates
ot tbe Central American Governments
and Ecuadoi and Mexico attended, but
the noble efforts of Ecuador were not en
tirely lost, although the carrying out of
the ideas of tbe congress had Deen aband
oned for the present and the congress bad
dissolved.
A new extradition law will shortly be
presented. The general elections passed
off with great t»a:iquility. The increase
in the import duties for the last fiscal year
over those for the previous year, which
ended June 30, is $3, 600,000, and notwith
standing the rise in the rate of exchange
the amount received was tbe largest re
ceived up to date from this source. The
whole receipts amounted to over $50,000, -
-000, and a surplus of $6,000,000 Is now de
posited in national banks. The national
bank concession has been modified, and a
contract has been made at the bank of
London and Mexico for an increase of its
capital of $10,000,000, and extending the
time of the concession fifty years.
PONTOFFICE CLERKS' SALARIES.
national Association Adopt* an Amend
ment to the Classification. Bill. "
DENVER, Colo.. Sept, 17. — The Na
tional Association of FostoiSce Clerks
have adopted an amendment to the clas
sification bill which makes a. material in-
crease in all salaries. In first-class offices
the minimum is $600, increasing $100 each
year until a maximum oi $1200 is reached.
Promotion to a salary of $1400 can be
effected with the recommendation of tne
Postmaster-General. Tue Assistant Post
roaster, superintendent oi mails, super
inten ent oi city delivery, cashier, super
intendents of money order and register
departments, receive a salary based on a
percentage of the postmaster's salary. In
second-class post<>nices the minimum is
increased from $300 to $500, with an an
nual increase oi $100 annually until a
maximum of $1000 is reached. 'This is an
increase oi $200 in the maximum salary.
Alter a lung and exciting contest the
postottice cierk« completed the election of
officers of the National association as fol
lows: President, Benjamin Parkhmstof
Washington, D. C. ; first vice-president^ J.
F. Coughlan oi 80-ton; second vice-presi
dent. J. Frank Dane of Denver: secretary,
William At- new of Cleveland ; treasurer,
E. P. Lincoln of Boston ; executive com
mittee—J. A. Thatcher. Baltimore; Harry
Barber, Gloversville, N. V. ; J. A. Dona
hue, Cnicaco; finance committee — C. De
laney, D. F. Supple, San Francisco; W. 8.
Campbell, Cincinnati.
The next convention will be held in
Baltimore.
< on<jv**man Hfyburu's Son Shot.
DES MOINES. lowa, Sept. 17.—Con
gressman W. P. Hepburn telegraphed
Secretary Traynor of the Republican State
Committee, yayinjr he hai just received a
telegram saying Mi son had been shot in
Arkansas and could not live. He called
off his engagements ior ihis week, easing
that be must go to his son. Particulars
are not known, but the son is about 30
years of a>?<\ and has been in Arkansas
some months.
Marqartt Sullirnn Critically 111.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 17.— Margaret F.
Sullivan, the newspaper writer, is criti
cally ill at her home in tuis city, where
she was stricken with apoplexy and par
alysis last Saturday. Mrs. Sullivan is the
wife of Alexander Sullivan, the lawyer,
who is at present in Europe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
BRYAN DECIDES
TO TAKE A BATH
Fresh From the Tub the
Orator Resumes His
Talking.
VIGOR FOR THE JAWBONE
Many Short Speeches During the
Fruitless Wandering in
North Carolina.
WILLIE'3 VOICE GROWS HOARSE
But He Manages to Struggle Through
Harangues on the Subject of
Silver.
CHARLOTTE. N. C, Sept. 17.—Half
past 8 this morning was the early
hour set by W. J. Bryan in complying
with the request of his Charlotte sup
porters to make a speech here. The
snecial train furnished Mr. Bryan by the
North Carolina State reception committee
arrived from Asbevilfe at a late hour last
night and was sidetracked while the can
didate slept. At Ba. m. Mr. Bryan left the
train, and, under escort of the local
Knights of Pythias' and numerous horse
men, proceeded to the postofflce park,
where he addressed several thousand
people at 9:30. Mr. Bryan said, among
other things:
The Republican party has been legislating to
make a dollar dearer, and they deny that legis
lation has anything to do with the dollar.
Whai provision does the Republican tarty
make for the supply of money that you need?
None whatever. I am not surprised that even
men who have been Republicans all iheirlivet
are now in favor of the free coinage of silver.
[Applause.] lam not surprised Jwhen I find
that Republicans who recognize their prin
ciples of finance and apply them to the money
question desert the Republican party
this year, when it comes out and
attempts to defend the Democratic adminis
tration which was repudiated by the Demo
cratic party itself. [Great applause.] You
remember here In North Carolina the Repub
licans have made more capital by denouncing
this administration than in any other way.
What do you think now when the Republicans
of North Carolina become the sponsors for the
Democratic adminittration? [Great applause.]
I am not surprised that earnest and sincere
Republicans prefer to stand with the Demo
cratic party in demanding bimetallism, which
even the Republican party of four years ago
•aid was dear to the American people through
tradition. I am not surprised that Repub
licans who eight years ago stood upon a plat
form that denounced the Democratic party lor
its attempt to demonetise silver — I am not sur
prised that tboce Republicans join with us to
day in demanding bimetallism, which has
been the historic policy of the United States,
and which until 1873 received ihe support of
all the statesmen— Republican, Democratic,
Whig and e/ervthing we ever had in this coun
try. [Long and continuous appause.]
The special train left Charlotte for Dur
ham at 10 o'clock. The Bryan special
reached Concord at 10:35 a. m. and Mr.
Bryan delivered a short speech from the
covered stand to about a thousand people,
who were very hearty in their applause.
Mr. Bryan said that if the mints are
opened, so every man with an ounce of
silver can convert it into money there will
be no surplus to drag down the pri*e.
At Salisbury, reached at 11:15, Mr.
Bryan was introduced to 4000 people by
Theodore F. Kiuttz, chairman of the
North Carolina delegation at ChicakO, who
seconded Sir. Bryan's nomination. Con
siderable enthusiasm marked the candi
date's speech, and the cheers grew in in
tensity as he proceeded. Just as Mr.
Bryan was boarding bis train he was pre
sented with the foot of a rabbit, "killed at
midnight in a churchyard during tne dark
of the moon." Those who saw the pre
sentation manifested their appreciation of
the incident by exercising their lungs and
just as the train moved off the candidate
called out: "If the people wno have
given me rabbits' feet in this campaign
will vote for me there is no possible doubt
of my election."
GREENSBORO, N. C. Sept 17 In
company with Governor Carr, ex-Senator
Jarvis, Colonel Julian Carr of Durham,
Major Hale of Fayetteville and other
prominent North Corollna Democrats, Mr,
Bryan reached Greensboro at 12:45 p. m. A
great crowd at the station, including hun
dreds of excursionists from near-by points,
shouted vigorously as Mr. Bryan stepped
to the station platfortu, and as he was
driven through the dusty main thorough
fare of the quaint old town several thou
sand people, yelling loudly, followed his
carriage, conspicuous by its red, white and
blue decorations and four horses that
drew it to the Ben bow House, where the
candidate and his party Lad dinner.
After dinner Mr. Bryan was taken to
Blandwood, on the outskirts of the city,
where he delivered a speech, after being
introduced by demerit Manly, chairman
jof the State Democratic Committee. His
audience numbered 15.000, and was one of
the mon enthusiastic gatherings Mr.
Bryan has addressed this campaign. He
said in part:
I have talked until my throat is sore and
shaken hands until my hands are sore and you
yell until my ears are sore [laughter], and the
campaign, instead of being ended, is only
fairly commenced. [Cheers.] Sometime* the
opposition papers say people gather together
from idle curiosity. A man has to have more
than idle curiosity to stand out in the sua in
such a road as this to listen to a speech. I
was here two years ago and had a chance to
see a great many of yon, to It was not neces
sary for you to como for the purpose of seeing
me. lam glad to speak to you about the para
mount Issues of this campaign. The Demo
cratic party has taken a position, which is also
the position of the Populists and the free-sil
ver Republicans, against the issue of bonds in
time of peace and against the trafficking with
eyudicates which save the Nation at so much
per save from the extremities In which they
tnemselves have placed iha Government for
the purpose of »«ving it again at a higher
price. [Laughter.] Our opponents go upon
the theory tnat tnese syndicates are able to
bleed the people without the people know
ing it.
Mr. Bryan then repeated what he bad
said heretofore in denunciation of the
bond, syndicate contract, and added:
They tell us it is necestary to make the*e
contracts. I deny it If our Treasury Depart
ment was run iv the interest ot all the people
instead of being managed by Wall-street fiuau
ciers in their interest* it wouid not be neces
sary to make these humiliating contracts.
[Cheer*.] Our opponents are afraid if the
Chicago ticket succeeds law will not be en
forced and order will not be preserved. That
Is what they say, but that ia uot what ;hey
fear. They kuow if the Chicago ticket it
elected that the laws will not only be enforced
against the little people who transgressed, but
against the Dig ones who conspired against the
Nation. [Cheers.] They say they are afraid
property will not be secure. Your property
will be more secure under our system of
finance than it has been when men have been
licensed to prey upon your property and eat
the bread you have earned by the sweat of
your brow. [Cheers.] We not only desire to
usa the silver dollar we now have, but we
want more dollars to use among the people.
If all those who have so much money they are
afraid to have any more will vote for my op-
Donents, I want the votes of all who are not
afraid of being overwhelmed in a flood of
money. [Applause.]
I understand some of your merchants have
Drought Mexican dollars into your community
to teach the evil of free silver. [A voice,
"That's right."] Xo, it's wrong. [Laughter.]
It i* a peculiar camraiftn upon which we are
entering. Heretolore tbe merchant has been
satisfied to act as the merchant and sell his
wares to anybody who would buy, but in this
campaign the merchant has turned school
teacher and Is attempting to use his business
to teach object lessons in finance and insult
the intelligence and patriotism of those who
pay for bis goods. [Cheers.] They tell you if
we have free silver we will go to the Mexican
standard and our dollar then will be worth no
more than the Mexican dollar. When a man
tells you that, aak him whether the Mexican
dollar is good to pay taxes. He will tell you
no. You tell him your silver dollar is good
enough to pay taxes now and will be good
enough to pay taxes unaer the free coinage of
•ilver. [Cheers.] Ask him whether the Mexi
can dollar is good enough to pay debts with
and he will say no. You ttfli him our silver
dollar is now good enough to pay debts with
in the United States unless it is contracted
against, and under free coinage it will be as
good as it is now, and better, because we expect
to prevent the making of contracts hereafter
thai will demonetize by contract what the
Government does not demonetize by law.
[Cheers.]
And let me pause to say that while it seems
that * great many bankers deem it their duty
to support the gold standard (here is no reason
why the Western and Southern bankers should
be In favor of it. If our bankers in the West
and South would think for themselves instead
of taking their opinions ready made from
bankers In New York, who import them from
London, we wouid have more free-silver
banters. [Cheers.] If the bankers would itop
to think for a moment they would kuow if the
farmers could get better prices for their
produce they would have more money to de
posit in their banks, and the money of this
country would not be drained year after year
into the laps of those abroad who bold our
note* while we pay them in depreciated
products. [Cneers.]
RALEIGH, N. C, Sept. 17.— A stop of
ten minutes was made by William J.
Bryan's special train at Burlington, where
Mr. Bryan addressed 2000 people, includ
ing a large number of cotton operatives.
At Hilisboro several hundred people gath
ered about the train and neard a few words
from the candidate. The train was in
charge of Colonel Julian Carr, the wealthy
tobacco manuiacturer of Durham, and
was slowed down just after leaving Hilis
boro to let Mr. Bryan visit Occoneechee,
Colonel Carr's country place.
Mr. Bryan confided to Colonel Carr a
desire to take a bath when Durham was
reached, and when tbe train arrived there
at 5:15 the speech-making was postponed
while the candidate performed h:s ablu
tions at Colonel Carr's residence. At the
stand, where the speaking took place, sit
uated near the station, several thousand
people cheered Mr. Bryan to the echo
when be appeared, fresh from the tub.
RALEIGH, N. C, Sept. 17. — North
Carolina's capital city had Willia.-n J.
Bryan for its guest for two hours to-night.
Mr. Bryan arrived at 7 o'clock with Gover
nor Carr and others and was met at the
Southern Railway station by a reception
committee, a flambeau club aiut a brass
band. He was escorted to Nas!v?quare, a
beautiful open nark near tbe station,
where 6000 people had gathered in de
fiance of tbe heat to hear him. The speak
ing stand was aglow with electric lights,
the name "Bryan" being displayed in big
electric letters over the place where the
Democratic candidate stood. At each cor
ner of the square big bonfires burned ana
the lights threw the bis crowd into pictur
esque relief. Cheer after cheer went up as
the candidate ascended the stand. Clem
ent Manley. the chairman of the Demo
cratic State Committee, and Halt Ayer, the
chairman of the Populist State Commit
tee, presided jointly over the meeting.
After his speech Mr. Bryan went to the
Park Hotel and heid a reception, the cor
ridors and lobby and the streets outside
being packed with people while it lasted.
WATSON OF GEORGIA SPOKE,
Eulogized Bryan to Bit Audiences in
Nebraska.
ALMA, Nebb., Sept. 17. — Hon. Thomas
E. Watson of Georgia reached here about
midnight last night tired out. Following
the example of his running-mate he made
speeches along the line from Lincoln to
this place. A big crowd greeted him at
Hastings and elsewhere, to whom he
made short talks. There was an immense
crowd here this afternoon, this being a
Populist community, and many farmers
came from other counties. Mr. Watson
spoke rapidly and forcefully, with enough
fire to keep the audience interested. He
did not confine himself to any one topic,
but passed over the whole Populist plat
form. He urjea the members of the
party to stand farm for the ticket «ud eu
logized Mr. Bryan aud the Nebraska State
nominees.
"We do not look for any help from the
East and North," said he, "because the
people there are dominated by the money
power. That was shown on Monday in
tue Maine election. Then where must we
look? To the South and West? Your in
terests are the same as our own. You
have bankers, you have railroaders, but
they are in the minority in the South and
West."
Mr. Watson insisted that he was in the
fight to stay and predicted victory. lie
was liberally applauded throughout his
address and was fallowed by local Popu
list leaders. To-night Mr. Watson spoke
to the old settlers at Republican City and
left from there for Colorado.
BLOCKED BY POPULISTS.
Scheme of Fusion in Indiana Meets With
A Uttrh
INDIANA POLIB, Ind.. Sept. 17.— The
scheme of fusion between the Democrats
and Populists was blocked to-day by the
Populists. The sub-committees of the two
organizations failed to agree after a session
of two hours in the afternoon. The Popu*
lists demanded seven of the fifteen elec
tors and the wit; draw;il of Kewali, while
the Democrats were willing to concede but
four of the electors, and demanded the
withdrawal of the Populist State ticket.
Aq soon as this was reported back to the
committee of thirteen, to which the Popn
list State convention bad delegated full
power in the maf.er of e.ectors, this com
mittee decided that it was not worthwhile
to negotiate longer, and adopted a resolu
tion that a full ticket of electors be pat ia
the field.
Mississippi Vnllry AJedicos.
ST. PAUL, Miwn., Sept. 17.— At this
morning's session of the Mississippi Val
ley Medical Association tne nominating
committee reported tne fallowing officers
for the ensuing year: President, Dr.
Thomas Hunt Btuckey, Louisville; first
vice-president, Dr. Charles A. W:eaton,
St. Paul; second vice-president, Dr. Paul
Paquin, St. Louis; secretary, Dr. Henry
E. Truley, Louisville. The next conven
tion will b<: held in Lexir.gion, Ky., be
giaaing the last Tuesday in Octooer.
Railroad Land Selection* Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 17.— The
Secretary of the Interior has approved the
following railroad selections: Southern
Pacific Railroad, 5381 acres in the Visalia
(Cat.) land district; Central Pacific Rail
road (successor to the California aud
Oregon Railroad), 3676 acres in the Red
disc (Cal.) land district, and another list
of 160 acres to the same company in the
same district.
NOW DEFENDS HIS
FATHER'S VIEWS
Allen Tfcurman Says the
Senator Was Not a
Goldite.
WAS FOR BIMETALLISM.
Words of the Deceased States
man Quoted to Refute an
Assertion.
J. T. BBOOKS CALLED DOWN.
Information Given to Show That the
Railroad Man Was Not Correct
in His Statement
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 17. — Hon.
Allen W. Tburmstn to-day addressed an
open letter to J. T. Brooks, second vice
president of tbe Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. In a political address here
this week Mr. Brooks, who has forsaken
the Democratic party, declared that the
late ex-Senator Allen G. Thurman was a
gold man. In this connection he referred
to the attitude of Allen W. Thurman in
favor of the free coinage of silver and said :
"I appeal from tbe younger to tbe elder
Allen." It is in reply to this that Mr.
Tburroan writes as follows:
J. T. Brooks, Pittsburg, Pa.— Dear Sir: From
what I have been told end from tbe report I
saw of your speech here the ether night you
said, in speaking of the act of 1873. that you
•'appealed from the younger to the elder
Allen." By this you no doubt intended to
convey the idea to your audience that father
knew that the act of 1873 demonetised silver.
Why did you thus indirectly state what you
must have known to be false if you had taken
tbe least trouble to investigate?
If you bad taken the trouble to investigate
you would have found that Judge Thurman
said in the Senate: "I cannot say what took
Dlace in the House, but I know when tbe bill
was pending in the Senate, we-thought it was
merely a bill to reform the mint, regulate coin
age and fix up one thing and another, and
there is not a single man jn the Senate, I think,
unless a member of tbe committee from which
the bill came, who had the slightest idea that
there was even a squint toward demonetiza
tion."
And if you bad Intended to be honest in
your utatement you would also have reierred
to this statement, but a:so to the speech made
by bim showing bow in a codification of the
law, without ibe knowledge of scarcely
auy one, the whole villainy was perpe
trated. The further inference to be drawn
irom such reference to Judge Thur
mun was, as you must have intended it as
such, because you linked my name with his,
as if to draw a comparison be i ween the beliefs
of father and son, that he was in favor of a
gold standard. Again, if you had examined
not only tbe Congressional Record, but the
record of the monetary conference oi 1881,
you would have seeu that such ao insinuation
cauiiot be truthfully made. Iv one short para
graph at the Bru?se.a conference his words
fcettle any controversy in ibit> direction. He
said: "1 believe that bimetallism will ulti
mately prevail, lor 1 cannot see how the vast
structure of credit, the most distinguishing of
moderu industry and commerce, can be sup
ported on a gold bass alone. With both
metals its bas>e has often been found too nar
row, but with one it would be, to my appre
hension, positively unsafe." He lived nearly
fifteen years after this d duration, and if I
heard him refer to it once I did so a hundred
times, because as year by year be saw the in
creasing demand tnat was being made by the
different couutnes upon gold alone, be cieariy
saw and said hi* prediction must be verified,
or National, corporate and individual bang
ruptcy would be almost universal.
After he had gone, however, you come here
among tin: people with whom be had lived
for several years, and not directly, but Indi
rectly, try to make them believe just the op
posite of what every public and private utter
ance he ever made snowed was his belief.
There can be no meaner kind of deception
than lor a man wbo pretends to be a public
teacher, and especially when he is proclaim
ing that only his side is honest, to indirectly
atiemDt to impose upon bis audience as you
must have done upon yours. Any praise
which you may have bestowed upon Judge
Thurman only makes your deception more
flagrant. Allbn W. Thubma^.
CHARMAN JUNES' DENIAL.
' Say* That Gorman' Will JVoi Supplant
'Him in the Leadership.'
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. 17.— When Chair
man Jones reached his room at Democratic
National headquarters this morning h<t
made the following statement:
"The report appearing in a Chicago
morning paper to the effect that Senator
Gorman will from now on be the practical
head of the Democratic National Commit
tee is an | unfounded and malicious false
hood, known to be false when It was
written and known to be a falsehood when
it wan .printed. There is no foundation
whatever that I am to retire from the act
ive management of the campaign; that
Mr. Bryan's programme is to be changed
and that | the campaign in the Eastern
States is to be abandoned."
Senator Jones construed these reports
to mean that "the gold standard cause
was in desperate straits," and issued the
following order: . ,'.
•.'Hereafter the promulgation of political
news from these headquarters will be con
fined to those papers which are inclined
to treat such information fairly and im
partially." . . . .: .. .-,... '
Tbe Senator said, from information and
observation during his Eastern trip, he
f>U confident Mr. Bryan would carry New
York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland
and' the Virginias, De*u)e* every State
west and south of the Ohio River. Senator
Jones declared that Mr. Bryan's tour in
tuft £ast was being made with the full con
sent and co-operation of himself and the
National Committee, and ao far as Senator
Gorman was concerned he was acting in
full accord with the committee, doing all
he could to increase ■ the majorities 'ex
pected .in the Eastern .States mentioned.: I
, Based on the present outlook, as. viewed
from /Democratic 'headquarters, the press |
bureau g aye out an estimate by States as' I
to the * Bryan majorities in November. \
These estimates give Mr. Bryan thirty-six j
of the forty-five State* with" 324 electoral
votes, •} leaving out. New York Mid /New;
Jersey.; Illinois is claimed by. 45,000,, In
diana 30,090, lowa 30,000, Wisconsin 30,000, :
Minnesota 35.000, Michigan 30.000, Ne- !
braska ■ 30,000, Missouri •' 60,000. ;'; ' North:
Dakota is not claimed. '-.^ •■•/*.; :*v i
■; Chairman Campau ol the ; campaign
committee said regarding- the Bewail; re
ports;, *'Tba suggestion of his withdrawal
I iroru the ticket from any cause and for
any purpose is too ridiculous to consume
time in discussing. He will- remain a can
didate, no matter what happens," < --..iVf i
' , -■ - . t
THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Officials to Confer in Jteferenca to fore
closure. ■ ' .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 17.—Gen
oral.: Wade Hampton, Commissioner ,of
Railroads, and Hon. W. J. Coombs of New
York, Government Director of the Union
. Pacific Railroad, were in the. city to-day
; to confer with Secretary Francis over the
forthcoming reports relating to the Pacific
corporations, and - particularly to the
Union Pacific Railroad. The proposition
i i regard to this railroad , contemplates i a
foreclosure. covering the main line of .the
Union Pacific and the Central branch in
Kansaa and Colorado unitm* Kansas City
and Denver. The claim of the United
btates under its second lien, now amount
ing to about $67,000,000, it is said, is to be
paid in cash by the purchasers at a per
centage amounting to about $50,000,000.
It la further stated that a syndicate has
been organized to purchase the road on
these terms provided the assent of Con
gress can be secured by the arrangement.
FIRE IN THE LINDELL HOTEL
There Was a Gnat Scramble Among the
Guests for Safety, but the Panic
Was Soon Over.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 17 At 11 o'clock
to-night two alarms ot fire sounded
from the L<in<!ell Hotel at the corner of
Sixth street and Washington avenue. An
electric light wire in the elevator shaft had
set fire to the woodwork on the fifth floor,
and the flames communicated to the roof.
The hotel was full of guests, and the usual
scramble for safety ensued. The prompt
subjection of the flames, however, allayed
a panic,"and within an hour all the guests
were again in their rooms. It was a close
call for what promised to be a dreadful
calamity. The loss, mostly from water, is
estimated at $3000.
BANKER ENOCH PRATT GONE.
Death Claims a Man Who Was in the Front
Rank of the World's Philan
thropists.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 17.— Enoch
Pratt, multi-millionaire, banker and mer
chant, died at his country residence,
''Tivol," Baltimore County, at 9 o'clock.
He was, with perhaps one exception, the
oldest active banker in the United States.
Mr. Prat; celebrated tbe eighty-eighth an
niversary of his birthday last Thursday.
Mr. Pratt was a d scendant of Phineas
Pratt, who arrived at Ply month in 1863.
In 1882 Mr. Pratt's gift to the city of
Baltimore of a public library, costing up
ward of $1,000,000, placed him in the front
rank of the world's philanthropists.
RAN INTO A FREIGHT TRAIN.
Collision on a Chicago and Milwaukee
Special Causes a Bad Wreck and
Severe Injuries.
CHICAGO, 1u,., Sept. 17.— The Chicago
and Milwaukee special train coming from
Ideal Paru to Chicago ran into a freight
train at Humboldt Boulevard on enterin,-
Chicago this evening, badly wrecking sev
eral cars and injuring a number of people
slightly. James Mcßae of Chicago, the
passenger engineer, received several grain
wounds and was badly scalded. Nathan
tfogau of Milwaukee was burned and
scalded, but not fatally injured.
GROUNDING OF THE TEXAS.
Favorable Outcome of What Might Have
Been a Serious Accident Causes
Rejoicing.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 17.— The
favorable outcome of what might nave
proved a serious accident to the unlucky
battie-ship Texas caused general satisfac
tion to the officials of tue Navy Depart
ment this morning, and they were greatly
relieved after the suspense of the night,
the reports of the ship striking on bottom
known to be so rocky as Newport harbor
having given rise to considerable fears
that the vessel would be ruineri A court
of inquiry will promptly investigate the
occurrence.
Trftxurv Gold Hrmrrre.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Bept. 17.— The
treasury gold reserve at the closp of busi
ness to-day stood at $U4.490.1?6. The
day's withdrawals at New York were
$62,100.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES,
Case of the Famous Suburban
Water Company Comes Up
tor Trial.
Justice Young Overrules a Motion to
Dismiss Made by Counsel for
Spil'man,
Los Angeles Office of This Call,)
328 South Broadway. V
Los Akoileb, Cal., Sept.* 17.)
The case against Spillman, Warren and
Green of the Spillman Suburban Water
Company opened in Justice Young's ouurt
this forenoon with a motion of the de
fendant's lawyer to dismiss. This was
denied.
E. C. Hine, Deputy City Treasurer, who
bad been on the stand for the prosecution,
was called by the defense. He was called
to show that the Spillman Suburban
Water Company nra« a bona-hde enter
prise, and that W. T. Spillman, the de
fendant, believed in im success wben J. T.
Nichols paid the $1500 for stock iv the
company, which he now charges was ob
tained from him by false representations.
Colonel Hine said he lad understood
from Spillman and . Brooks that the
chances for success were fine, and that ax-
Governor Markham and P. M. Green of
Pasadena were interested in tbe enter
prise.
Prosecuting Attorney Williams inter
rupted the proceedings by asking for sub
pen as for these gentlemen. He suiri he
proposed to ao to the bottom of the mat
ter if it took three weeks.
After a breezy colloquy between coun
sel. Colonel Hine was turned over fur
cross-examination, ami saia he did not
know that Governor Markbam ever in
tended putting a cent in the company.
AGAINST THE CHURCH.
Supreme Court ItecUion . Condemning
Mrthnditt i'ruperty.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 17.— Th*
Supreme Court oi this State has decided
against Grace Methodiht Church of this
city. The church has property at 627 East
Finst street, and will have to relinquish 70
feet ruunin? from First street to the altar.
When the property was first purchased
First street extended 70 feet farther
north, but wtien the line was moved south
the Sanchez heirs claimed the title to the
space vacated. The litigation has lasted
over ten year*. The property is worth
$26W, but the reur portion, which is all
that remains to the church, is practically
worthless. Atone time the church conld
have compromised the case for $50, but
refused.
MET DEATH IN THE WOODS.
Charles J. Price Suppose* to Have Been
- Kiil-d by a falling Tree,  ,
LOS ANGELES, -Cal.-, Sept. 17.— Th«
following dispatch was received by em
ployment agents of this city this forenoon:
Tihachapi, Cal., Sept. 16.— Charles J. Price,
sent us by you, was accidentally killed in the
woods to-day. Advise if he has friends or
relatives. We found a checkbook in his favor
on the Merchant*' National Bank. Advise
fully at once what you find regarding him. .
.. ... .. Oak creek Lumber Company.
These were all the details that could be
obtained of the accident, but it is thouaht
that Price waa killed by a falling tree.
When in this city Price roomed at the
Olive Branch, on Fourth str. et. He has
relatives in Germany, but thus far no one
has been found who was at all acquainted
with him.
"EDWARD BELL"
IS ARRAIGNED
Gives His True Name in
the Police Court as
Ivory.
CHARGES AGAINST HIM.
Accused of Conspiring to Cause
Dynamite Explosions in
Great Bri a n
LIQUOF. -DEALER IN NEW YOBK.
Whi'e He L^nsuishes in ?n English
Jill His Business Is Conducted
by a Barkeip?r.
LONDON, Em., Sect. 17.— Edward
Bell, or Ivory, the alleßed dynamiter, ar
rested in Glai-gow. arrived here this morn
ing. Upon his arrival he was driven to
Bow-street Police Court and arraigned be
fore Magistrate Vaughn. The entry upon
the charge sheet in Ms case was, "Edward
Bell, alias Edward J. Ivory, American
citizen, 211 Lexington avenue. New York,
accused of unlawfully and maliciously
conspiring with others to cause explosions
within tbe United Kingdom to endanger
and injure property; also counselling and
abetting the commission of crime."
Magistrate Vaughn asked the prisoner
his real name, and ihe latter replied, "Ed
ward J. Ivory." Detective Flood then
took the witness-stand and testified that
a nuni ber of documents and £i6O in money
were found in possession of the prisoner
when arrested. Ivory was then remanded
for one week.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 17—The only
jfidward J. Ivory, the name given by the
aliened dynamiter, who was arraigned in
Bow-street Police Court, London, to-day,
in the New York directory, is described as
a iiquur-aea^er on Lexington avenue and
r.lso on Eighth avenue. He resides on
East One Hundred and Twenty-fourth
street. He was not at either of his places
of business this morning. A barkeeper who
said tie had charere of all of Ivory's business
was extremely reticent about bis personal
affairs. He declined to give his own
name. He said that Ivory was a man
about 26 years of age and of independent
means. He declared that his emplo er
left tbe city about two weeks ago, saying
that he intended to go to Coney Island
for a few days. Since then, he further de
clared, he bad heard from him, ana he
showed a letter from him dated Boston,
feei'tembcr 14. This letter, the barkeeper
insisted, was written and signed by
Ivory. It w:ll be remembered that tbe
family of P. J. Tynan, the alleged
dynamiter who was arrested at Boulogne,
displayed a letter which was dated at
Rochester, N. V., witbin a week of the
time that his identity was disclosed in
France.
When Ivory's manager was asked
whether his employer belonged to any of
the better-known Irish societies in this
c<">untrv he r«> .' n **»rt to a!i»»'iT.
NEW TO-DAY.
.»««••■#•*•• c • #'««i -*ov^i
Might as r well he out of the ' world as out of
fashion in > trek wear. Yv>u'rc nevt>r In style you
doo't have me latest, Boos Bros.' styles. ,
We have just unpacked
the correct styles for the sea-
son of 1896-97. Up-to-date
designs and the prettiest
colorings— fresh and bright
as a California flower gar-
den. Ties for all occasions;
Band Bows, Tecks, Four-in-
hands, Flowing End and
Club Ties. Exclusive styles;
nothing like them elsewhere.
Would be •;' ' exceptional
value at 75c, but we shall
j open the season with them
at 50c — we wish you to know
we can sell ties as cheap as
we do clothing.
Bee our exclusive styles in Fancy Shirts. New
colorings and designs.
. T^^i-a3-35-37l^ft>jy ffjjr
■ The qyitrkm mall-order bouse on tbe Fadflo Coast.
MMYJPCIBLES
■ -.; YOUNG MEN'S MEETING
THIS (FRIDAI) EVOTG, SEPTEMBER 18
• .•' •-.-■.. , ——AT ■ THE i
AUDITORIUM,
I COR. EDDY AND JONES SIS..
J. M. OLIVBB, PresWenT Berkeley University
'  Itepobllcan Club; •':; ■■■
D. E. McKJNLAY, Wresldentlal Elector; (
J. M. s WIKTZER, President Stanford University
Republican Club, .
WILL ADDRESS' THE MEETINO.
HON. WILLIAM 8. BARNES will preside.
JUSS AMY C. HICKuX of Oakland will sing
Patriotic Elections. .... , „ n ,, « vtc-t
THE KNICKERBOCKER MALE QUARTET
. In Campaign bongt. ■
Galleries rawed for t*dles and Escorts-
By order of Board of Directors.
• : ; - - A. O. BOOTH, President.
; THEO. REItUKBIi Secretary.
flllllAllPA ' 01 BABBKR3, BAR-
DD||6|JIiiS *"• bootblacks, bath-
I? Sl UVOB lU W bouses, billiard- tables,
brewers, - bookbinders, «* nd r *f nftk s"« canners.
dyers, flonrmUls, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, •table-
SS tar.roogrs.jjnn.^uilor.^
Brush Manufacturers, 609BiMJr»m«nt»SS*CATHOLIC LADIES
CHOOSE OFFICERS
Those Who Wil Preside
During the Coming
Year.
SANTA CRUZ MEETING.
Business o: the Annual Convention
Will Likely Be Concluded
To-Day.
PLEASANT SCCIAL FEATtJKES.
Entcrtainm nts Prepared in Honor of
the Members of the Aid
Sccit ty.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 17.-The
delegates of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety, now in convention at Hotel d<;l
Mar, do not confine them&elves strictly io
work, much as tliey give of their time to
the cause of sweet charity for charity's
sake. Nor will their friends in Santa
Crux and vicinity allow them to pass the
Miss M. Curtis, Grand Secretary of
the Catholic Ladies 7 Aid Society.
days of the convention week without a
delightful variety of entertainment. Sum
mer days at Del Mar are a real delight of
themselves, with everything that goes to
make a holiday by the seaside pleasurable.
The wonderful, calm, blue bay of Monte
rey, the tawny sands, the white breakers
falling lazily at the feet of the bathers
tne walks by cliff and beach and the
bright sunshine are well worth traveling
miles to enjoy. The lady delegates are,
however, made to feel that th-re are still
other pleasures associaied with their visit.
The social side of life i« not forgotten and
after the business sessions are over the
evenings are i iven to receptions, dances
and friendly calls.
Last nk'ht a ball was given in their
honor at Capitola and Del Mar was all hut
deserted, i xcept for the few who preferred
a rest on the broad piazzas or a stroll in
the moonlight. The hotel buses were
packed with ladies and gentlemen, all of
whom had an enjoyable ride to the neigh
boring seaside resort. The guests were
received in the large ballroom at Capitola,
where they spent a very pleasant evening.
It was midnight when they returned.
To-night they attended a reception in the
Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Cruz, given by the
Jadies of the Santa Cruz branch. This
was a really brilliant event, in which
ladies and gentlemen of Santa Cruz parti
cipated. The ballroom was decorated for
the occasion and the First United States
Infantry band discoursed appropriate
mnsic
Considerable work was done to-day bj
the Grand Council. The constitution was
Now at Camp Garfield, Santa Cruz. The First Infantry is the oldest regimental organization in the
regular army. It was organized in 1786.
1-Lieutr-naitt- Colonel Evan WUes, known in the army as "Paddy" Miles, an old warrior. 2-Captain Leopold O. Park-r. 3-Captain John J O'Connell 4-C« D tain
Marion P. Maus. 6-Captain Charles G.Starr. 6-L eutenant, Louis P. Brand!, adjuiant of the regiment. 7-Lieutenant Leon S. Roudiez, regimental qu.irtermaser
8-Lieutenant Frank 0. F rns. 9 -Lieutenant Richard C. Croxton. 10-Lieutniant George A. Detchmendy. 11— Second Lieutenant Sydney A. Cloinan r>-Second
Lieutenant Benjamin R. Binns. 13— beomi Lieutenant C >arles L. 8.-nt. 14— Secona Lieutenant Lincoln F. Kilbourne. 15— Second Lieutenant Frank A. Wlcox.
BAKTA CEUZ Cal.. Sent. 17. -The First I»fantry, U. S. A., will start for San Francisco to-morrow morning in command of Captain Parker, and is expected to
reach Anggl Island on Seitember 28 Colonel Miles will go by train. The troops aye been here one month, and enjoyed excellent advantages in fie'd
drill and battle exercises. A special concert tnis a,"ternoon at t c pa-fc by the regimental band was attended by a large audience. The band also Rave a concert
to-nirht at the Sea Beach Hotel at the reception tendered by Mr. and Mrs. John R, Chace and citizeni to the delegates to the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society Council. It was
largely attended
I amended to conform wiih new require
ments for the more expeditious manage
ment of cnaritable work, by the society,
ana erand officers were elected for tlie
ensuin* year. Mrs. Thomas O'Neill acted
I a- irrand senior vice-president.
Tru> report of the board of trustees
oj Del Mar >vas presented by Mrs.
M. rarr, chairman, and referred 'to the
i^ >lnUlee °" g ranJ reports. On June 22.
loyo, the board ot hotel and land trustees,
wns or^anizt-d a« follows: Mrs. M. Carr,
! Mrs M. Deane, Mrs. H. Molloy, Mrs. M.
A. R rt fferty. Mrs. D. Loader,' Mrs. M.
Chan Her and M:s. E. McDonald. Mrs.
l>eane was elected chairman, Mrs. R;tf
ferty treasurer and Miss M. Curtis secre
tary. The Del Mar Improvement Com
pany received $760, which was expended
for tanks, pumps an.i payment of part of
the interest on a mortgage. The. total in
debtedness on hottl and grounds i-. $5700.
During tbc year considerable money was
expended in improvements about ihe
hotel, and now lowanl the season's cose
the -esources in excess of liabilities are
$27 150. A hote was expressed in the re-
I'Or that the indebtedness may be re
duced vcrv soon. It was decid dby vote
that the iioiei del Mar be closed October 1
for the winter months. In conclusion a
vote oi thanks was .endered Miss Hi ary
lor her aLiie nianageni'Mit of the huu c.
Tne delegates from Brancu 9, San Fran
cisco, presented a reco:uruen>iation limit
ing the service of grand officers to two
ye >r-i, bin it was lo*t, as ii majority of
those in convention held distinctly differ
ent views on ihis subject.
In amending the constitution, article X.
section 1, which gives to chairmen of re
lief committees the disbursing of all
money for relief purposes, according to
the committee's apTirov.nl, was abolished.
The clause of section 6, article VII. re
quiring a bond Irom the treasurer oi each
brancii was »•) minated.
With r gaid to dues the limit to which
a member may go w thout beinu in ar
rear~ wa* raise t from 75 cents to $1 50, and
the time when a member loses ihe right to
mem bership through arrears was changed
j from four to eiyht months.
Hereafter brunches will be hell respon
; sible for their per capita tax only accord
in, to membership in good standing, and
the grand becretarj- will invite each l>rancl>
to send reports to meetings of the board of
erand A rectors.
A rising vote of thanks was tendered
-Mrs. P. J. White for having secured the
Rev. P. C. Yorke for a recent lecture un
der the society's auspices.
Wnen the af eruoon session opened the
Parish Herald, a readable little paper pub
lished in St. Josepn's parish, San Fran
cisco, was chosen as the official organ of
the society.
The repor' of the committee on the re
port of tli Dei Mar trustees was accepted.
It was favorub'.e to the trustees and fun
of praise lor siieir work.
It was decided thai the grand deputy
stia.ll have power to appoint as many dis
tr.ct deputies lo assist her in tue organiza
tion and disc.piine of branches a« jire
deem»-d necessary. The form oi relief re
ports was left to the discretion of the
grand diiectors.
The election of erand officers for the
next year betran and with it was insti
tuted the mo-t entbcsiastic purt of tin
session. There were several candidate?,
each of whom bad a strong following ami
rece.ved quite Hattering support. After
four hours' deliberation, the following were
electee: Mrs. Margaret Dean*-, grand
president; Miss M. Carr, grand senior
vice-prr-sidem ; Mrs. M. F. Dorsey, grand
junior vice-pre-ident; Miss M. Curtis,
grand secretary ; Miss Fhnn, grand treas
urer; Mrs. J. W. Shanan n. randdepu y;
grand directors — Mrs. M. J. Loiise, Miss
Emma Russell. Mrs. P. J. White, Mr.<. M.
J. Breen, Mrs. M. Fiinn, Mrs. Warren.
Mi>. P. S. Flay, Mrs. Smith, Mrs B. Loa
ner, Miss Magowan and M. ss Jennie
Drury.
immeliately after the election the
| granu . ffiv-ers were instated by the grand
; senior vice-president.
: The more important business of the
: Gran I Council has now bt-on transac ed
and it is now expected t..at the closing
sessions wilJ be hem to-morrow.
BIG FIRE AT FELION.
Twelve Thousand Dollars' North of
Imp rty Hestroyed.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 17.— A big
tire at Felton ibis morning at 3 o'clock de
stroyed about $12,000 worth of property,
including J. Steen & Co.'s merchandise
store and three cottages, one occupied by
Steen's famiiy. A large stock of" goods
valued at ab.>ut $7000, the postoffice and
telephone station were also destroyed.
Mr. and Mrs. Steen were in Santa Cruz,
atiendin. Jewi?-h services, and their chil
dren barely escaped from the dwelling in
tim to save part of the furniture. The
origin of trie tire is not known. William
Russell, who owns the buildings, had $650
insurance and Steen had $4000 on his
stock.
Child Crushed to Death at Benldnburg.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Sept. 17.-Ida,
the 4-year-old daughter of J. J. Gudie,
lost her life to-day at the winery of her
father, near town, in a shocking manner.
The litte uin was playing around the
steam crnsher ami in some wav got caught
in ihe big revolving cogwheel. She was
! crushed to death.
ISapa Hortethlef Captured.
NAPA. Cal., Sept. 17.— M. H. Strong, a
Napa photographer, missed his horse and
buegy Wednesday night and started on a
chase for the missing ou fit. He sue- i
ceeded in overhauling it. and, leaving the '
rig in charge of a spectator he hauled the i
purloiner out of the buggy and took him
to jail.
OFFICERS OF THE FIRST INFANTRY, U. S. A.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
STALWARTS BOLT
AT LOS ANGELES
Claim That the Populists
Have Swallowed the
Democracy.
THEY APPEAL TO REASON
Urge the Defeat of a Ticket
Composed ot Mountebanks
and Anarchists.
TO SAVE THE PARTY* 3 NAME.
Loyal Dem crats. Are Called Upon to
Meet in Mass-Convention and
Organize.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 17.— 1n the
opinion of a iarge number of stalwart
Democrats of this county the late fusion
I of that party with the Populists has oblit
| crated the Democracy, at least for the time
! being. In view of this a provisional com
i mittee has been formed to reorganize the
\ County Democracy in order that the party
, of Jefferson and Jackson may maintain its
I autonomy. This committee has prepared
' an appeal to the tarty, which is, in part,
as follows: • .
To the Lob Atige'es Democracy- The socialistic
', lenders in the lute D mocra tic. party oi the
; county, and the socialistic adherents of the
; People's party, have united to elect a set of
candidates who pander to foreign socialism
for support and have no enduring affectiou for
the principles of Democracy.
The ingenuity of those who have carried
these unholy combinations into effect will
bring inevitable ruin to the Democratic party
; unless, true and loyal Democrats rise up and
drive the traitors into political ob.ivion.
The great impetus that has been given to the
silver agitation presents the opportunity of a
lifetime for i oluii-nl mountebank* to orgenlzs
the socialistic eicmente, with a hope that the !
I i-üblic mind will be entranced by the agita- ]
| tion and become oblivious to the venal duplic
ity of rascally office-seekers who covet nomi
nations and want tfliee at any cost. These
patriots for revenue care nothing for the j
principles that a one are the ' life-sustaining
cause of the Democratic party.'
Therefore, urged by these considerations
and appealing to our fellow-Democrats for an
impartial judgment of our actions, \*c urge
them to meet in mass conventions, e:ect th-
j county commltteernen, take appropriate action i
respecting the nomination of Democratic can- !
didates.'and reorganise 'the Democratic party
in the county oi Los Angeles.
■ Enoch Pepper,
Chairman of the Provisional < ommitte^ lor I
Reorganization of Los Angeles Democracy, i
Alva Udell, Secretary.
SANTA BARBARA POPULISTS.
Agree With Ventura on domination* for
th' Leg I*l 'lure.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept 17. —The
county convention of the Populist party
met here to-day. and effected a. permanent
organization, with J. R. Norrisof. La Gra
ciosa for, president and A. M. Powell of
Santa Maria as secretary. ; A committee
of seven was appointed to meet alike com
mi tee from . Ventura County, to agree :
! upon a nominee for State Senator. This
joint committee in session afterward se
lected W. E. Shepard of Ventura for this
important office, a choice which was re- I
ceived by the convention with warm ap
proval. Mr. Shepard is an old resident of
Ventura and regarded as one of her best
and blest men. 'He is a lawyer by pro
fession and is the husband of Mrs. Theo
do*ia i-heparU, wnose work as a floricul
turist has. aroused such interest through
out the State. Several years aeo, although
then an avowed Populist, he was nomi
nated for the same office by the Demo
crat!", and ran far ahead of his ticket in
this Republican district. On this occasion
he in already nominated by the Democrats
and Populists of Ventura County, and his I
indors ru«nt by the Democratic conven- '
tion of Santa Barbara County, which |
meets on tne 29th of September, is a fore- '
gone conclusion.
For A*«emblymnn from this county the
Populists, after * »harp conte-t between !
the opposing factions, fixed upon A. M i
Powell of Santa Maria. Mr. Powell is a
surveyor and civil engineer, a man of hiirb
character, and he is regarded as the
strongest man his parly could have found
on what is known at "the other side of
the mountains." James L. Barker the
present Assemblyman from this district,
was also before the convention with a
heavy support, but he withdrew in iavor
of Powell.
The convention will not conclude its
labors until sometime to-morrow.
MARI N POPULIST CONVENTION.
F. G. - Gerhard for; Assemblyman — Cutter
' . . _ Indorsed for, Congrrtt.
BAUSALITO. Cal.. Sect. 17.— The Pop
ulists of Mario County held their conven
tion to-day in San Rafael to nominate can
didates for -the ; next t election. T. Hock
was "appointed chairman. The Omaha
platform of 1892 indorsed and a plank
was added : advocating the single tax. F.
G." Gerhard was nominated for Assembly
man tor the Twenty-third District. A
committee of five, consisting of James Me-
Cue,. George Fern, E. W. Smith, Carl Plow
and Albert Hern, was appointed to nomi
nate a State Senator. This committee
will meet the committee of Contra Costa
County on September 24 at 1 p. m.
An auditing committee was appointed
composed of Charles Dubois, Mr. Fitzroy,
C. . K. Si. m, E. "W. Smith, W. M. Arm
strong. County. Committee— A. McDon
ald, C. K. Stern, H. P. Vogelsen, J. Von
son, Henry Betten,. .John ,' Buetle, Gus
A very, Mr. Monteith.
The convention indorsed F. A. Cutler
for Congress. Jacob rittmatter of Sau
salito not allowed to vote because of
his non-acceptance of Brvan and fusion.
Therefore there .is no . Populist ', on the
County Committee from that place. -*.r ;^
D ECLINED TO MAKE THE RACE.
Exodus i From tf-* - lot •ngtlea irution
• Ticket Hrgln*. .. \ ■ . . -^i\,
. LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 17.—
exodus from .the Popocratic ticket is
about to begin. . A. J. Utley, the Populist
nominee for Superior Judge of the late
fusion combine in. Los Angeles County,
lias prerareda letter to the central com
mittee of his party declining to make the
race, ana assiirnine as a reason that be de
sires to take nn active nart in the cam
paign in favor of 'he National, Congres
sional and • legislative tickets, which, ac
cording to time-honored custom, he could
not do while making the race for a Judge
ship., Judge Utley has been regarded sis
one or the strong nominations of the
Popocraric convention, and much aston
ish r.:ent is expressed ■at his declination.
The Judge.'" action in this instance em
phasizes the fact that he is more than
ordinarily sagacious and does not care to
lead a forlorn hope in this campaign.
Louis L ickel will. probably be substituted
in place of Utley on the tick Oth«>r
judicial declinations from ■ the fusion ele
ments are said to be under consideration.
Wont th end wii! be seems at present
past finding out. ■
RED BLUFF CONVENTION.
Democrat* and I'opnliit* Mret and Pool
:.'• y^T" Th'ir l**ue*.
RED BLUFF. Cat,., Fept. 17.— The <
Democratic and Populist county conven
tions were, held here yesterday and after
some wrangling ill the. Democratic branch i
of ; the family the programme on county \
jtffa'rs wns carried through to the letter. '
F. Houghton, Populist, was nominated
for the A«semJly, A. M. McCoy, Demo- '
craJ. for Jud^p, nnd.tvo Democrats and i
on*» Populi-t fir Supervisor*. The nomi- j
nation of the Populist for Supervisor was '.
accompii«bed by turning down th*- Damt>
cratsf-lert dat ih<' primaries. T c Popu- '
lisms al«o nnatnni'Misly repudiated Man- :
(eitli and indorsed Cutler. Demorrat. for j
Coneres!«. In in-* t-venins: ther»» was a :
grand rally and opening of iheDemv»p<>p i
campa en, a parked house being adiire-s'-d '
for three hours by Cutler and by two Pop- ;
ulists, Gilbert and Campbell. . The en- '
thusiasm was. intense and resulted for a j
time in allaying the soreness in th" .
friends of the Supervisor who was turned j
down. ' ' ■' j
SUFFRAGISTS AT SAN RAFAEL.
&usnn B. ,*nthon'i'i*r>*atci at a McKin
.' ' ley and Hob art Meeting. \. '■''■■.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 17.— At Arm
ory Hall to-night abont '. 500 people eat h
ered to hear Susan B. - Anthony and C. C.
Stephens of San Francisco talk on woman
s-uffraire and for MrK-nley. The speaking
was under the au-p ces of the McKinley
and Hobart Club or this city. Chairman
Robert Furlong made a brief address pre
vious to Introducing the sneaker*. ! '
Mr Stephens runclb a long and Hequent
argument for protection and the Rfpnbh
can cause. He prophesied the election of
the party's nominees next November.
Susan B. Anthony spoke of the promi
nent part women would take in purifying'
the politics of the country and recited the
advancement already gained by women
throughout the land, g
FUSION CONFERENCE AT SOQUEL.
Democrat* and Populint* Aaree Upon a
IHrtMion of Candidates.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Sept. 17.— The
People's party and Democratic conference
committee met at Soqnel to-day ami
jointly arranged a plan of fusion by which
both parties will support Lucas F. Smith
for Superior Ju<lge, Frank Aldridge for
Assembiyman and Brad Morrill for
Sunervisor of Ban Lorenzo Disrrlct. In
the two other Supc-visoral Districts
Brancifort and Soqnel — tlie Democrats
will nominate candidates whom the Popu
lists will support. The Democrats wi;l
also nomina'e a Senator for t'.e two coun
ties of Santa Irnz ard San Mateo whom
the Populists will support. The ticket
will thus stand: Populist candidat s for
Judee, Assemblyman and one Super
visor; Democratic candidates for Senator
and two Supervisors.
WEV TO-PAT— --CLOTHING.
3X&®®®®®®
A happy combination of Green Tags.
To make Green Tags interesting to the last mo-
\ ment we have combined a big lot of our choice Suits
\a?id Overcoats and made the two the price of a
single garment. X
It's just at this time of the year
you are thinking of your winter /U A f\ UU
wardrobe. A Suit and an Overcoat U \ A fl /{)
constitute a man's wardrobe. We /k f\*_
propose to let the Green Tags furnish U/ X v/
you both for ------__~
The
Suits.
Shall we introduce our Fall
Suits to you?
We think you know them well
enough. Their prettiness has
been spoken about by all. The
cleverness of the tailoring is
known to every judge of high-
class clothes. Then think of it.
We offer you a Suit and an
Overcoat of our high - class
clothes at . . .
—$13.75—
__
Those
Fashionable
■ ■ • ' . ..." ■ .
I Plaid
Suits.
You'll find 'em in this offer,
and a pretty lot they are. The
very swellest plaids tailored in
an exquisite manner ; in Single-
breasted Sacks. They're right in
line with the swellest. The Vests
are made
Fly Front.
Single and Double Breasted \
Sacks ; i no' end of, 'em, and no j
end of pretty colorings. There's j
neat ' checks among 'em; some j
very swell plaids , and- some of
those very dressy Blue and Black
Cheviots.
We have ; offered you great
things in the past, but nothing I
half so great as this offer to-day, i
Both Suit and Overcoat for $13.75.
:' r v :■■•»: Just look into our corner '■ "'•-' '• .
Last / ) a : : window to-day. You'll X Look for :
: a **»%»«*'■ \ find these goods on ex- \ \ „ th % i
: Green Tags. : j vihit *i; ; V ; • Green Tags. ■
; (I2STCrpK,r»Oi?,A.TE!p),
FRISCO'S MOST POPULAR HOUSE,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street
2 ENTIRE BUILDINGS. 8 FLOORS.
The
Overcoats.
You have all heard about our
Royal Kersey Overcoats ; they're
ideal garments ; they're, known
j the coast over ; these very clever
; garments, cut full length, fash-
j ionahly tailored, in blue, black
and brown, including the Suits
mentioned in another column.
Both the Suit and Overcoat at
-$13.75-
It appears almost impossible
to imagine a Suit and an Over-
coat, all high- class goods, at
-$13.75-
But that' 8 what Green Tags do
for you. *
This is a combination formed
in your interest. Scarcely are
combines formed for that pur-
pose.
You'll no doubt appreciate it,
; right at the beginning of the
I season, that we have taken our
j very choicest Overcoats, our very
swellest Suits, all brand new
Fall and Winter fashions, not a
last year's garment in the entire
lot, and offer you both the Suit
and Overcoat for
I -$13.75-
Two
Days
With
Trousers
Green Tags will dangle
merrily to-day in our de-
partment devoted to single
Trousers. We're going to
quote the most ridiculously
tow prices ever quoted for
I High - class Tailor - made
trousers.
Some 1500 pairs of Worsted
I Trousers, real clever Trousers,
I cleverly tailored, in plain color-
i ings and stripes,
—85c—
Some right fashionable Trou-
sers in neat stripes, plain color-
ings; trousers that you would be
willing at any time to pay S3
for. You'll '■ find 'em Green
Tagged/ W}j
■ —$1.50-;- __
Some of those right natty and
stylish Cheviot Trousers in color-
ing* that liven up the suit; dressy
appearing trousers that would
cost you in any other store in
'town from $3.50 to $4. The
i fabrics are pure wool. You'll
\ find 'em Green Tagged.
\ ° •
T A °
Green Tags will do the big boyi
a whole lot of good Friday and
Saturday ; we mean those boys
between the ages of 12 and 19.
Some right clever - Scotches t
Cheviots and Plaid's/ neat mix-
tures ; ; suits that would cost you
in other stores $10. ■. You know
we never exaggerate ; we do ex-
actly as we say in print: These
garments are cleverly , tailored
and are all new fall and winter
fashions. You'll find 'em Green
Tagged.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
KING PINS
FOR OVERCOATS.
34
GOVERNOR'S DAY AT
THE STATE FAIR
Largest Crowd of the Year
on Hand to Cheer
the Racers.
KEVERSALS OF FORM.
Wheel of Fortune Wins the Fa
vorite Stake in Very
Fast Time.
LIBERTINE'S NABROW ESCAPE.
Had It Not Been for tbe Foul Riding
of His Jockey He Would
Have Lost.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 17.— This
was tbe day the Governor and his staff
and the merchants and tbeir employes at
tended the races, and it was aptly termed
Governor's and Merchants' day. Governor
Budd and staff. In full unilorm, were pres
ent, as was by far the largest crowd of the
meeting. All of , 10,000 people saw the
sport, which was contributed entirely by
running-horses.
Tne beauty of Sacramento was repre
sented in the grand fctand. Lovely women
attired in the latest creations in summer
gowns cheered the winners, and in the
center-field the substantial, if untashion
able, rig of tbe rancher was tenanted by
his. sturdy son and freckled daughter, who
gazed upon the nport and at the specu
lators in the betting-ring with a feeling of
awe and wonderment. Tbe tout was in
bis glory. He told the countryman of tbe
deeds of Salvator and alorello, and that
worthy, in a contiding mood, bet bis
money on a selling plater as a pawnbroker
buys diamonds from a distressed member
of the theatrical profession.
The favorites couldn't lose. That is,
they didn't up to the fifth race, and then
things were just a trifle mixed. Dolore,
Chartreuse 11, Wheel of Fortune and
Libertine sauntered past tbe wire first and
then two conundrums were sprung, which
the majority of the 10,000 peopie prese nt
iaiied to guess. Favory, at odds of 10 to 1,
came in, and the "sweet thine,' r My
Sweetheart, took the hurdle race, both of
which happenings caused some commo
tion among the followers of "dope."
The Favorite stake, at a mile and a
quarter, worth $1025 to tbe winner, was
the feature oi the card. The handicapper,
who had been jollied by a ccuple of Wheel
of Fortune's "airings," let her in at 107
pounds. She rightly opened an even
money favorite, later eoing back to 7 to 5.
The Boots pair, Installator and Claudius,
coupled, had second call in the betting,
being played down from threes to 8 to 5.
Marcel, at 3, received some support,
as aid Articus at 10 to 1. ''The Wheel,"
awakened from her mesmeric sleep, kept
Installator, who maae the running. clo>e
company until a furlong from the wire,
where she gradually pulled away, and at
the end won by half a length in the fast
time of 2:0714.
Dolore was a 2 to 5 chance for the open
ing rive and a half Jurlong scramble for
two-year-olds,' and after a mild drive in
the stretch beat Grandezia, a3O to 1 shot,
out quite handily.
Eleven selling-platers started in the sec
ond race. Bookmaker Humphrey's good
mare Chartreuse ll was as usual entered
to be sold at about one-fourth her value,
and backed from evens to 7to 10 won
easily from Mainstay, al2 to 1 shot. The
mare was bid up $200 over her entered
selling price ol $500 by the owner of Main
stay.
At first sight it looked as though Liber
tine, in at 116 pounds, had struck some
thing nretty soft in the six-furlong handi
cap. He was made a 2 to 5 favorite, with
Bellicoso at 7 to 2, a well-played second
choice. Arnette was backed down from 15
to 12, while Olive, the other starter, went
back in the betting.
Macklin, on the favorite, did not get
away nrst, but he soon had the big bay in
front. Arnette hooked up with him in
the stretch, and had it not been for Mack
lin's foul riding from the furlong pole to
the wire, would have won. She was com- ]
pelled, however, to acknowledge defeat i
by a nose in 1:14. Many thought Arnette
had won, the judges' final decision being
greeted with jeers Irom the ring.
The fifjh race was a six-furlong spin,
with eleven ordinary selling platers facing
the barripr. Runimeiand Nic Nac, each at
two's held sway in the betting. The race
resulted in a dunni. for Favory, a 10 to 1
shot, collared Rummei in the stretch, and
in a drive beat the big chi-stnut son of
Flambeau out a neck, in 1:14%. Toby, a
well backed third choice, .^aiin-u the show.
The last race of the day was a miie and
a -quarter affair over five hurdles. Hunts- j
man opened a 6 to 5 choice, Out receded to
11 to 5. My Sweetheart, who was played
by the wise people.ied throughout,winning
easily from J O C. Baby Bill, heavily
played, ran like a "lobster' 1 the first part
of the race, but at the end show ed a great
burst of 8f eed.
Five and a half furlongs; selliDs; two-year-olds:
purse $850.
Pueblo cable's b. I Dolore, 103, by Wildldle-
Ro-ieite (Lew). 2 to 9 1
liaiden City s;ub 'c's b. f. Orandezia, 97,' by ' Ben
All- Dm ht-ss of Kc ndaU (Sh paid), 25 to 1 2
P. Mitchell 1 * Amelia s, 103, ov Take Notice^
Wbtsban (Snider). 12 to 1. ..... s
Time, 1:073,4.
Principle and Billy Vice also r»D.
six furlongs, selling, purse $350.
J. C. Humphrey's eh. in. Chartreuse 11, by Imp
Cheviot-imp. Zara (PijCROU), 7 to 10 1
A. Lindsay's eh. h. Mainstay, los, by 'imp
Mariner-Qneen Knima (Daniels), 12 to 1 «
P. Slebeninaler's b. g. S*a f-pray, lul, by'irap
Mariner- Marauette (Solder), la to 1.. 3
lime, 1:14 V«.
Rtcardo, Silver State. Thelma, Howard, Encino
.La Flecuu, George L and Beruardo also ran.
Mile and a quarter, tbe favorite stake, handicap,
value $1025. "
J. Harvey's eh. m. Wheel of Fortune, 107, by
Oano-Jennie B (Hcn:iessy), 7 to 6... \
Kirn wood stock farm's b. n. Installator, 115,"by
imp. Brutus-lDSlitllaUon (N"arva< z), 8 to 6 3
P. Archibald's b. h. Artlcus, 100, by Arcyle-
Glenloch (ilartin), 10 to 1 ' b " 3
Time. 2:071/^.
Claudius and Marcel ulio ran.
Six furlongs, handicap; purse $400.
J. G. Brown <fe Co.'g b. h. Libertine, 118, by Leo
natus-Kalftlse (Macklin>, 1 to 3 1
Garden City stable's eh. m. Arneue, 95, by lrnn
Mldlothlan-Fiiena (Butler), 12 to 1 o
A. B. Kpreckelft' b. m. Olive, 96, by Apache-VVr
gie (Piggott), 16 to 1 3
Time. 1:14. ......
Belllcoso also ran.
Six furlonei, selling; purse $350.
A. P. Miller* eh. b, Favory, 101, by John A-Lo
wena X (Spence), 10 to 1 i
A. B. Sprecitels' eh g. Rummel, ;>7, by Flam
beau-imp. Music (PiK^oit), 2tol 2
W. G. Hinton's br. g. Toby, 81, by imp. Greei.
back-Una (Bun*r). 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:14«4.
Wan-ago, Equity, Gladiola, lied Idle. Lady Gray
Nic Nac, bantuzsa »na Carries A also ran. •*
One and ft quarter miles, handicap, five hurdles
purse $400. ■■■-• ■ , • ',
A. J3. Martin's eh. m. My Sweetheart, 135, by
Major Ban-Litbertiflibbeni (.McColiougu)
11 to 5 ..v..r......... ,;...... , , ..;*....... l
H. Jones' ch. g. Jo c, 3 35, by Apacne-lrene .
(Murphy), 3 to 1. 2
W. >-pence'scb. sr. Baby Bill, 140, by imp. Great-
Tom-Cas;eUa(Spence),4 to 1. ;.....;. 3
Time, 2:18%-
Huntsman, Gold Dust end Out! Ora also ran.
Following are to-morrow's entries:
First race, selling; three-quarters of a mile —
Howard 107, Sunrise 11 103, Coda 87, Lucille
87, Caliente 90, La Flecha 87. Seaside 100,
Rose Clark 93, Sabilla 99, Richard 98.
Second race, purse; one miie— Ruinart 105,
Vn:cior 115, Grady 100.
Third race, purse ; three-quarters of a mile —
Hard Tack 108, Honenzollem 108. Dolce 105.
Fleur de Lis 105, Hallelujah 105, Howard S
108.
Fourth race, seiiine; seven an<l a, half fur
longs—Yon Dunk 116. Lncino 116, Warrago
119, Lone Lady 119. Jnck Richelieu 125, Two
Cheers 122, Bueno 122, Tuxedo 122, Miss Pol
lard 113, Rebellion 116.
Fifth race, selling; one and a quarter
milc-s— Trix 103, Little Cripple 97, Mirambo
103, Casieneite 88. Clara Johnson 91, Fred
Gardner 97, Little Bob 94, Phaeda 84.
B ORNES THAT GOT THE MONEY.
Record of a Day* Jsarina at St. Lout*
and >eir Xork.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 17.— Results: Five
furlongs, Doc Tubervllle won, Tenole second,
Goldenrod third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs. Hush won, Whiff second, Fre
douia third. Time, 1:15^.
Five and a half furlongs, Horseshoe To
bacco won, Miliord second, Kussella third.
Time. 1:09^.
Seven funonen, Kamsin won, Johnny Mo-
Hale second, May Thompson third. Time,
1:27K- ■■■'.'>
' One mile, Al Miles won, Dew of June sec
ond, Billy McKenzie third. Time, 1:44*4.
Six /urlongs, Fred Barr won, J. A. Gray sec
ond, Bryan third. Time, 1:14&.
BROOKLYN. N. V., Sept. 17.— Results at
Coney Island: Five furlongs, Miss Prim won,
Tragedian second, Free Lance third. Time,
1:02^.
One mile, Glenmoyne won, Howard Mann
second, The Swain third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlong*, Box won, Chic second, Lud
wijjshafen third. Time, 1:01%.
One and an eighth miles, Connoisseur won,
Loni; Beach second, Bnckwa third. Time,
1:59^.
One mile. Cassette won, The Winner second,
Muska!ong« third. Time, 1:43. ' .
Six furlongs, Preston won, Ameer second,
Agitator third. Time, 1:15.
INVITATION LENNIN.
Lamed la Aot Plauing Ilia Beat, But
He Wins.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 17.— 1n the in
vitation tennis tournament to-day, Lamed
beat Doth Charles Chase and GeorgeWrenn.
Fischer beat E. Wrenn, but was beaten oy
Carl Neel. While Lamed has not yet lost
a set, it L) believed he is not playing tne
game be should. The following is a sum
mary of to-day's games:
Lamed beat Charles Chase — 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
Charles Chase beat E. Wrenn— 6-4. 6-3.
Curl Neel beat Sam Cnase — 0-2.6-2.
Fischer beat Z. Wrenn— 6-0, 6-2.
Lamed beat George Wrenn— 6-2, 6-3.
Carl Neel beat Fischer— 6-0, 6-3.
TreaJtoay Missinri
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 17.— Ralph
B. Tread way, captain of the famous '96
Yale crew, which last spring journeyed to
England to contest in the Henley reatta,
and who was reported as mysteriously
missing, was in the city this morning.
He is on his way to his home in lowa. He
is also on a secret mission — that of recruit
ing some football talent from Western col
leges for tbe Yale eleven.
SUICIDE AT SACRAMENTO
Walker Henry Howard Ends a
Checkered Career With
a Buliet. ,
Incessant Gambling, Bad Luck and
Brisk the Causes of ths
Tragic Act.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Bept. 17.—Be
yond the Y-street levee, in the vicinity of
Seventh street, in this city, the dead body
of Walker Henry Howard was found this
morning. In tbe ri^ht temple was a
ragged bullet-hole, while tightly clenched
in the right hand was the weapon which
inflicted it. Cause, gamNing.
From rapers found upon the body it
has been discovered that the dead man
was a mining expert of more than ordi
nary ability, >vho had spent years of his
life in Matabeleland, Africa, and later bad
explored the gold-bearing regions of the
island of Madagascar, leaving Tamatave,
a seaport of that island, with letters of
introduction from the resident United
States Consul to Patrick A. Collins, United
States Consul-General at London.
The Consul states that "these gentlemen
are both practical men and are here (in
Tamalave) from Matabelaland, where I
understand ttey were fairly successful.' 1
The Con«ul commends the two men to the
Consul-General at London for advice and
counsel, assuring him that it will not be
wasted or unappreciated. The letter bears
the date June 18, 1896.
Another letter, dated Buluwayo, Febru
ary 22, 1895, informs Howard "that at
a special general meeting of the Fair Nug
get Syndicate, heid on Saturday, Febru
ary 16, it was resolved to purchase twenty
claims irom you as per your refusal of
fourteen days, dated 12th inst." He is
asked to "come into town as early as pos
> sible and transfer tbe ground." Other
letters from other firms treat of similar
negotiations in tae gold fields of Africa.
A contract shows that W. H. Howard,
E. R. Shirley, James N. Simon, Thomas
T. Hume and Richard Keif entered, on
May 26 of the present year, into an agree
ment with Eiward Petiteau by which the
latter, who held permission from the
French Government to mine ior precious
metals in Madagascar, transferred the
right to the others named for a profit
sharing consideration.
From a gentleman who had made How
ard's acquaintance while in this city it
j has been learned that the dead man's rela
tives reside in Chicago, and are presum
ably wealthy. During the short time
spent here by deceased he bucked the
games incessantly, and eventually went
broke. Then he pawned his wearing ap
parel for $25 and lost that. Disgusted
with his run of bad luck and life in gen
eral, it is supposed that he drank heavily,
walked over to the levee and shot him
| Bfclf.
RAUCLLEFE APPLIES FOR BAIL.
The Motion Taken. Under Advisement by
■ • .■ ' Judge aTone*.
•WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 17.— 1n
the Superior Court of • Trinity County to
day a motion was made by R. R. Fowler
to admit Fred Radcliffe to bail. It will be
remembered that the evidence points to
the fact that Radcliffe was with Joe Greg
ory at the timeof Lit Id's death. Ref
erence was made ■ to Tom Haydon, who is
oat on bail at present, and the Judge said
had he been as well informed as to -the
character of Haydon then as he is now
he would not have granted the motion. It
was developed that a motion for bail had
been made on July 31 of ibis year to admit
defendant to bail, but had not been
granted. Judge Jones took the case under
advisement and will decide it at 2 p. m. to
morrow.
Old Soldier Hannt Himself nt Alhambra.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Sept 17.— John
Grophy. an old soldier, 70 years of age,
committed suicide at Alhambra tliii morn
ing by hanging himsef. He was cut
down, but was dead, having evidently
hanged himself an hour or so before being
discovered. No motive is assigned for the
act, except that He had been despondent
of late. He has a married daughter in the
East ana a son living in this section of tbe
country. The Coroner was notified and
will hold an inquest this afternoon.
Crack Wheelman Injured.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 17.— Fred
Rowan, tbe well-known wheelman, win
ner of the Fourth of July Riverside road
race, while in training this forenoon on
the road our miles east of Pasadena, fell
and broke his left shoulder-blade. He
was being paced by another bicyclist, Bnd
did not see a bad chuck hole until he ran
into it and broke the forks of his wheel.
Rowan's younger brother is still in bed
from breaking an arm and a leg about two
weeks ago.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
LOVERS OUTWIT
A STERN FATHER
A Dashing Young Mexican
Plays the Role of
Lochinvar.
THE GIRL AN AMERICAN.
A Wealthy One -Eyed Italian
Was Being Forced on
the Heroine,
SHE FEIGNS ACQUIESCENCE.
But the Day Before the Wedding
Rides Off With the Man of
Her Choice.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 17.— The
Lochnivar of the heathered hills of Scot
land was not more dasning and chivalrous
than Leon Morales of Comondu, who
performed a similar feat at a place below
San Quintin in Lower California not long
ago. Leon is a handsome and dashing
young Mexican of the better class, who is
widely Known in the country below San
Fernando as far south asCalmilli and over
to San Juan. He has horses and cattle of
his own, and on horseback he is considered
the most fetching young man in all that
stretch of country.
She who became his bride was an Ameri
can girl, and if romantic courtship and
heroic marriage count for anything she
will be happy with her Casiilian swain.
John Ebersoie, ;in American, went to
Sama Clara a few years ago from the
United Stakes with his wife and two half
growu daughters. He built a comfortable
adobe house, with wide verandas, and the
house becume a popular resort for neigh
bors for miles around. His nearest neigh
bor was < . a:<are Ferriotto, an Italian bach
elor, who lived a mile away. Perriotto
was a good enough man, perhaps, but bis
age and a cataract in one of his eyes did
not serve to make him particularly attrac
tive to Ebereole's eluest daughter, Anna.
Her father, however, was quite an ad
mirer of Perriotto, who owned a good deal
of land and many cattle, and one day when
Perriotto told him that he had asked Anna
to marry him and had been refused, old
Ebersoie got mad.
The father took advantage of the first
opportunity to tell his daughter that she
bad made a mistake, and that he wanted
her to marry the Italian. She replied
that death would be preferable. She could
not marry him in any event, she said, be
cause she was engaged to Leon Morales of
Comondu.
Old man Ebersoie persisted in his en
treaties and threats, week after week, until
finally tbe girl consented to marry Perri
otto. The day for the wedding was fixed,
a Justice of the Peace was summoned
from San Juan and preparations were
maae for a grand fiesta.
On the day before the wedding was to
take place, however, Anna Ebersoie se
cretly dispatched a note fo Leon Morales
informing him of tbe state of affairs. The
missive was sent by a boy, who had in
structions to ride as fast as he could and
place the note in Leon's own hands. Al
though the hour was late when the boy set
out be hastened along over the trail and
through the canyons until the following
mornin?, arriving safely at Comondu.
There was a lively hustling about on the
part of Morales when he read the message
from Anna Ebersoie. His best horse was
quickly put under the silver-mounted
saddle, and when his revolvers had been
strapped to his waist Morales put spurs to
bis dorse and galloped away.
Late in tbe afternoon the foam-flecked
thoroughbred and its rider were seen afar
off by Anna Ebersoie, who made out the
familiar form at a glance. It was an hour
beiore the wedding was to take place.
Hastily placing a wrap over her shoulders
and a hat upon her head, she disappeared
from the Douse before her actions were
noted. A moment later, wtien Mr. Eber
soie looked out of tbe open door, he was
surprised to see Leon Morales dismount
beside his daughter. Before the father
could realize the situation Leon swung the
girl upon the horde's back. Then, with
one foot in tbe stirrup, he sprang up be
fore her and planged the loug spur* into
the horse's sides. The old man appeared
beside himself with rage. Morales waved
a revolver over his head and, with an
"Adio3, adios viejol' galloped away to
Comondu. He was not followed, for both
Ebersoie and tbe Italian Perrotto feared to
pursue the fiery young Mexican.
The event happened several weeks ago
and the story was told in San Diego yes
terday. The father of the boy who carried
tbe message to Morales *ays nothing has
been beard from Comlondu since be left
Santa Clara, but be thinks the young
couple are as happy as could be expected.
Perrotto is heartbroken and old man Eber
soie is mad.
RANCROUFT'S NEW BUILDING.
'I he Hittorinn to Erect a Magnificent
Structure at A' i»i liiego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 17.— Historian
H. H. Bancroft has ordered plans drawn
for a building, to cost $150,000, to be erected
on block 16, Horton'a^Addition, bounded
by B, O, Third ana Fourth streets. Mr.
Bancroft owns the entire block, 200x300
feet, and the building wiii cover this im
mense space. The intention is to build a
beautiful and unique structure, which will
be one of the ieatures of Southern Cali
fornia.
The site of the new building is in the heart
of the city. Fi9her Opera-bouse is just
across the street, on Fourth, and the
Brewater and Marshall-Hipeins block are
equally as close. Mamon'sfine building is
only a block distant. The Citizens' Trac
tion line runs on Fourih street, affording
rapid transit. Such a buildineaa Mr. Ban
croft has in mind will no doubt draw still
more business northward up Fourth and
Fifth streets. Mr. Bancroft has spent the
bummer on Helix farm, his country home
near here, and will leave with his family
to-morrow for New York. He will return
before winter.
Petition for Probate of Will.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 17.— Herbert
G. and William E. Young petitioned the
Superior Court this morning to admit to
probate the will of the late John N.
Young. Thfi petition states the estate is
valued at $81,000, and that a will dated
August 15, 1896, is in the possession of
William E. Young, one of his sons, and
the petitioners are named as executors.
The JCnin Club* Picnic.
SAN RAFAEL, Cai*. Sept. 17.-The
Printers' Rain Club of San Francisco toeld
its annual picnic this afternoon at San
Kafael Park. Members of Golden Gate
Park Benca Club attended as guests.
There were altogether about 150 peo-pie in
the grounds. Music, speech-making and
dancing were the order of the day. Vocal se
lections were rendered by A. F. Smitb.Mrs.
M. T. Mullin, Mrs. J. P. Olwell, Mr=.B;<rd
and William Coulter. In the races the
winners were Mr*. Prince, Mrs. Neely, M.
Lynch andj. P. Olwell.
CONFICE KELLE'S TRIAL.
Eye- Witnesses of the Murder of Walter
A. Arriaon Tall Their Stories.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 17.— The
twelfth juror was impaneled to-day to try
the case of ■ Robert Kelly, alia* James
Walter Ellis, the San Quentiri convict who
is charged with stabbing to death his
fellow-convict, Walter A. Arfison, on the
afternoon of May 18 of this year. .
This is Kelly's second trial. In the
first, held six weeks ago, the jury dis
agreed. The case was begun before Judge
Angelotte this afternoon. District Attor
ney E. B. Martinelli appeared for the
people and • Fred Woodworth , for the de
fendant. A convict, Timothy J. Whalen,
testified for the . prosecution. He saw
Kelly stab at Arrison several times and
finally give him his death wound. A
knife was produced as evidence 1 and
identified by Sergeant Ellis of the night
guard at the prison. Dr. H. A. Lawrence !
testified that Arrison first strucK Kelly
with an iron bucket, court adjourned
until to-morrow morning.
BOGUS LITERATURE AT SEATTLE.
Instructing Streetcar Men on tha Finan-
S c'ltl Question.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 17.— An after
noon paper says: "iJnder what is pur
ported on its face to be the frank of Con
gressman J. W. Babcock, Third District,
Wisconsin, th ■ streetcar men of this city
have been overwhelmed with literature
alleged to be Congressional Record mat
ter. It is one of the gauziest jokes of the
day and is declared to be a violation ot
the franking privilege. Inclosed wit. .in
the envelopes is primed matter under the
caption in big type, 'What the Free Coin
age of Silver Means to Street Railways
and Btreet Railway Employes- The pa
per upon which the matter is printed is in
texture, size and appearance ;generalJy
such as is used for printing Congressional
and legislative bills."
SAN JOSE'S MURDER CASE
Allerder's Fate Is Expected to
Be Determined by the
Jury Tc-Day.
Strong Efforts of tbe Defense to Estab
lish the Insanity cf tbe
Prisoner.
. SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 17.— The Aller
der murder trial is nearly finished, and to
morrow afternoon the case will be given
to the jury.- The defense closed its case
shortly before noon and argument was at
once taken up.
Dr. Hatch, the medical director at Ag
news Asylum, was the first witness put on
by the defense this morning. ; He had
been connected with insane asylums for
sixteen years, during which time he had
made a study of the diseases of the mind.
In answer to a hypothetical question Dr.
Hatch refused to say whether or not he
would consider a man of Bound mind who
from his infancy up to his thirty- fourth
year had shown .the disposition and con
ducted himself as the defendant had, all
the incidents leading up to the tragedy be
ing recited as conditions. He said the
actions would be an element of doubt, but
beyond that would hot say. .; ..!.'-.
The prosecution then introduced John
Taylor. A. J. Abbott, J. Oirnpher, P. V.
Lemon and Jesse Peters of Salinas in re
buttal. They had known Harvey Allender
a long time, but had never noticed any
thing in his actions to denote insanity.
J. G. Guardison, A. P. Ben ton and H.
Jamison of this city gave similar testi
mony.
This closed the evidence, md W. P.
Veuve, special counsel employed to prose
cute the case, began his argument. He
was followed by Attorneys Kerwin and
Morehouse for the defense, whose plea is
insanity.
District Attorney Herrington will close
in the morning.
m i . - ■ • ■>
ACCUSED OF CATTLE-NIEALING.
William Head to Re Tried on a Charge
of Grand Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept 17.— William
Head, who was. arrested at Pleasantou
yesterday by Deputy Sheriff Gardner on
suspicion of being implicated in stealing
cattle from the Bradford ranch, near
Evergreen, was arraigned before Justice
Dwyer to-day on a "charge of grand lar
ceny. Head is charged, with F. Vedal,
George Slankard, S. .Vedal and D. Cano.
with stealing thirty-two head of fine cattle
from W. C. Bradford last December. His
examination was set for September 18.
Bail was fixed at $7500. The other four
men were arraigned about two weeks ago.
It -is believed the men belong to an or
ganized gang of cattle-thieves operating
between here and San Luis Obispo.
♦ -
HEW RATES ON DRIED FRUITS.
Santa Fe tmd Southern Pacific Hands
Cnange Xinir Srhettulcs.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 17.— H. R. Sterne,
the local agent o* the Santa Fe Railway,
to-day received a new schedule of rates on
dried fruita to Eastern and European
points. The rates, per 100 pounds, in car
load lots, are as follows:
San Joso to London, dried fruit In boxes
$1 10, in sacits $1 30; to Liverpool in boxes
$1 10, in "acks $1 30: to Glasgow Jn boxes
|1 15, in sacks sl 30; to Bordeaux In boxes
$1 25, in sark<i $1 45; to Havre lv boxes $1 29,
jn sacks $1 45; to Hamburg In boxes if 1 15,
in sacks § I 35; to Bremen in boxes $1 15, in
sacks $1 35; io Antwerp in boxes $1 10. in
sacks *1 30; to Amsterdam in boxes $1 15. in
sacKssl 35; to Rotterdam in boxes $1 15, in
ssck.N $1 35; io Copenhagen In boxes $1 25,
In sucks ,$i 45; to ' Stockholm in boxes $1 20,
in sacks $1 45.
The Southern Pacific Company has also
rxade the s&me rates on dried fruits.
Farmer Hageman 1* Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 17.— Ira Hage
man, a farmer near Almaden, to-day filed
a petition in insolvency. The liabilities
are $8264, assets $1480. 'The petition will
be heard September 25.
ArdeW, Trial at Fiaalia.
VISALIA, Cal.. Sept. 17.— After Obie
Britt'a cross-exarain&tion in the trial of
Ardell, suspected of complicity in the at
tempted train hold-up at Tagus, was fin
ished A. T. Fowler, ex-County Surveyor,
wont on the stand. He testified to having
seen outlaw Dan McCail and FranK Daven
port near the scene of the hold-up the
preceding Sunday. His story was
corroborated by his brother, C. A. Foxier.
John Haynes, tbe Salvationist j» "d tnird
man in tfo« plot. t>wore positively t > plans
made by himself, McCail, Loveru and Ar
dell on the Saturday night preceding tbe
attempt.
C. M. Coe, one of the jurors in the Ar
dell case, was suddenly taken sick to-day
and the case was postponed till Friday
morning.
The Monterey Arrives at Vallejo
VALLEJO, Cal., Bept. 17.— The Mon
terey arrived at the navy-yard at 2 o'clock
this afternoon, and will aro in the arydock
for scraping and painting. A salute was
fired as she steamed up to the yard.
FOUND A HUSBAND
MOURNED AS DEAD
What a Seattle Milliner
Discovered in Far
Alaska.
SUPPOSEDLY MURDERED
Solution of the Degraf Mystery,
Which Has Been Im
penetrable.
WAS ABSENT FOE TEN YEARS
Strange Disappearance of a Son of the
Couple Who Have Been
Reunited.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 17.— The follow
ing paragraph from an Alaska paper of
recent date recalls a sensational mystery
of a decade ago: "Mrs. Degraph (Degraf),
who, it will be remembered, left for
Jnneau last August, arrived safely and
was surprised to meet her husbind there.
They are now living at Circle City."
For ten years tbe people of" Seattle and
vicinity have believed that George Degraf,
husband of Annie Degraf. a well-known
milliner of Seattle, was murdered while
prospecting. His wife mourned bit sud
den and inexplicable disappearance, but
finally gave up hoping against hope and
accepted the inevitable. With the rapid
coming and going of daily events the
Degraf murder was partially forgotten,
and, if spoken of, always presented the
same mystery as of old.
It now appears that Degraf was not mur
dered, and that the suspicion which was
harbored against his partner, Glbbs, was
unjust. Mr. Degraf was much interested
In mining, and made frequent excursions
into Ihe country, prospecting. On one of
these trips he went into the country near
North Yakima, having as a companion a
man namea Gibbs.
Day after day passed and no tidings
were heard of Degraf. He bad disappeared
completely. Gibbs returned safe and well,
but aid not give an explanation that was
satisfactory to the authorities. The case
was investigated, and at last Gibbs was ar
rested on suspicion of having murdered
bis former companion. In the end, how
ever, it was necessary to release him, as
there was not enough evidence to justify
tbe State in prosecuting the case.
Month after month and finally year
after year rolled by, but no news came from
the missing man, and his wife was at last
compelled to accept the verdict her heart
fought against.
Then another sorrow came to her with
out apparent cause. Her son also disap
peared. When he went or how still re
mains a mystery.
With the rush to Alaska Mrs. Degraf
concluded to see what that country had in
store for her. She landed at Juneau, but
last August moved over the range to Circle
City, with the result already stated.
TULARE DEMOCRATS
Meet in Convention and Make County
and legislative -\oniinutiona.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 17.-Every day
converts are baing made in Tulare County
to the cause of McKiniey and sound
.money. At the Democratic County Con
vention held here to-day C. L. Russell,
temporary chairman, in his remarks
warned tbe delegates present of the grand
work being done by the Republican party
and said:
"Some of the men who usually attend
conventions in this county have undoubt
edly been influenced along this Hue, and
as a consequence their seats are vacant
to-day. We need to unite against a com
mon enemy."
For the past two weeks the local bosses
have been actively but quietly working
with country friends to stand in on the
adoption of a set of resolutions indorsing
the State Central Committee in effecting a
fusion with the Populists and silver men,
and the result was that the following reso
lution was accepted without a murmur:
We indorse, ratify and approve the candi
dacy of the Hon. C. H. Ca«tle of Merced, the
fusion nominee for Congressman In this Cou
gressional district, and pledge him the loyal
support of the Democracy of this county at the
coming election.
J. W. Martin of Woodville. thinking
that no one wanted to represent this
county, resigned as a Presidential elector
and announced himself as a candidate.
He made a thorough canvaso of the Sixty
lifth District, and was assured of the nomi
nation. On arriving in Visalia Mr. Martin
came to the conclusion tnat he was to be
sacrificed, and rather than suffer defeat be
withdrew his name for the snke of har
mony. William P. Boone of Dinuba was
then triven the nomination for the Assem
bly in the SUty-hfth District.
Thomas E. Henderson of Porterville T
P. Twaddle of Tulare and M. W. Smith of
Visalia received nominations for Super
visors in their respective districts.
Santa Clara Republican Primary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 17.-The Repub
lican primary election in this county tc
day passed off quietly. In a large major
ity of the districts the delegates winch had
been agreed upon previous to the .election
were elected without opposition. The
contests -fere, with one exception— the
Second Ward in this city— in the county
district?, and were made in the interest of
the several candidates for Supervisor
These were conducted in a friendly spirit,
though a large primary vote was recorded.
Siiklyr.u Safe for McKiniey.
YREKA. Cal., Sept. 17.— Congressman
Barham and Colonel J. H. Roberts re
turned from Fort Jones and Etna last
evening, where they held large and enthu
siastic meetings. Many Democrats and
Populists were nl the meetings and a num
ber expressed themselves as intending to
support McKiniey and the entire Repub
lican ticket. The Populists in this county
are indignant over tbe manner in which
the Democrats have treated Monteith.
Wood land Populist* and Democrat*.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The Pop
ulists held a county convention to-day and
nominated C. W. Hatches of Yolo for
Assemblyman. Nominations for other
county offices were not made, as an effort
will he made to effect a fusion with Dem
ocrats. Township officers were also nom
miied.
The Democrats held caucuses to-nig! t
and selected delegates to be voted for at
the primaries to-morrow. Their county
convention will ba held Monday.
Mayor Cartoon's Hucfcboard Campaign.
MERCED. Cad., Sept. 17.— Mayor Carl
son of Ban Diego arrived here to-night,
accompanied by his wife, on his buefc
board campaign as an independent candi
aate for Congress, having driven 192 miles
so far over the San Joaquin Valley. He
reports bis prosnects pood and that wher
ever he has spoken a majority of the peo
ple enthusiastically indorse his platform
of protection to American fruit-growers
and more money for American working
men by means of a sound public improve
ment currency.
THE OUTLOOK IN HUMROLPT.
Sudden Turn of the Tide in Favor of
Mcliiulcy and Hobart.
EUREKA. Cal., Sept 17.— The clouds
in the political sky are fast clearing away
and a bright day is dawning for the Re-
Dublicansin HumboJdt. Secretary Gregor
of the County Central Committee was in
terviewed concerning the outlook by a
Call representat've to-day. He enter
tains little doubt but Humboldt will roll
up a neat majority for McKiniey and
Hobart. "With 1200 fusion majority
against us," said Mr. Gregor, "we began
tne campaign. Thorough and systematic
work has entirely changed tne aspect of
affairs. Republican clubs have been or
ganized in seventeen of the principal
towns of the county, and wherever a Mc-
Kiniey and a Bryan club exists, tne sound
money organization has the greater mem
bership.
"Of course," be continued, "a great deal
is due to our superior party organization
and the desire ol the Republicans to show
openly under whose banner they a c light
ing. The McKiniey Club in Eureka alone
exceeds 600 members, making it one of the
strongest clubs in the State. Our drill
corps contains 160 young men. They are
under competent officers and will present
a striking appearance when our rallies are
begun."
James N. Gillett and Arthur W. Hill,
Republican nominees for Senate and As-
Otto C Gregor, Secretary Humboldt
County Central Committee.
sembly, will open active campaign next
week. Their first rally will be held at
Vance's Mad River camp. Manager E. L.
Vance of the John Vance Mill and Lum
ber Comuany will run a free excursion to
the scene of the speaking for the benefit
of his employes.
VALLEJO FA RMER MISNING.
Attachment* Hare Been Issued Against
All of Hi* Posaeaaions,
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 17. — Antone
Dalner, a Vallejo farmer, is missing. He
went to San Francisco a tew days ago to
collect a bill of nearly $600 ilue him from
a com mission-house. To-day a letter came
to his faruily stating that he had been
robbed of the sum. Three attachments,
covering the amount of $800. have been
k<sned against all his possessions in
Vallejo.
Jack Roberta Drowned at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 17.— Jack Rob
erts, and old arkman, was drowned while
attempting to swim across Stockton
Channel this afternoon to get a boat some
one had rowed over. He was taken with
cramps in midstream. The body was re
covered by a man named Fisher.
NEW TO-DAY *
Cuv
Have you seen it ? It's on the
second floor, Larkin-street wing.
A living picture of the style,
beauty and quality of the. cloth .
and the clothing we make in our
own mills and in our own fac-
tory ; the identical clothing
that our eight traveling sales-
men sell in wholesale quantities
to the dealers of the entire Pa-
cific. Coast ; the indentical cloth-
ing we sell to you Retail here
in our big five-story building, at the identical prices we
charge the deaIers— WHOLESALE PRICES. You'll
surely find our exhibit at the fair and in our store in-
teresting.
Fine Clothing for Man, Boy, Child, Retailed at
Wholesale Prices. Look out for our imitator^— we are
in the SECOND block from Market street. -
OREGON CITY
WOOLEN
MILLS,
Brown Bros. & Go.
121-123 Sansome St.
ALL BLUE SIGNS.
Wilt's- Mai- Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons waa
Sa uw - W *JsksSSSl&
Grossfluii's SDBciflc Mixtara !
wSkout th« re i me ? I* 1 " 8008 can cure themselvai !
without , the least exposure, . change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medlolng i
WiUin, noiningina* is ot ih« least, inJuTytotU*
eontUtution. A»k your Uru Wl »i wife iTiot *l *
TRIED TO ROB A MISER
Two Men and a Boy Arrested
by Sheriff Harrison of
Mann County.
Would Have Succeedel but for an
Accident Which Caused Their
Downfall.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
arrest of Deputy Constable Eugene Gray,
\Villiam Mannion, a gambler, and Ralph
Antonelli, the assailants of E. Wormuth,
an aged resident of Mill Valley, com
pletely establishes the innocence of Frank
Retralia, who was accused of the crime,
and brings to light a plan of robbery that
circumstances frustrated at the last mo
ment.
Antonelli was liberated yesterday. He
is but a boy and was a tool in the hands
of the two men.
The day oi the assault Wormuth re
ceived |2000 in coin. It waa shipped to
him from San Joaquin County by express.
A Mrs. McCue, who lived with the Wor»
mutbs, is a sister of Ralph Antonelii, and
it was owing to her presence in the house
that the receipt of the money was known.
That night Mrs. McCue and two other
women were taken by Antonelli on a hay
ride to Sausalito. Mannion then lay in
wait for the old man, thinking he would
come oui anil bury the money. Gray
watched ontside with a rifle.
When Wormuth appeared Mannion
John C Bull, Chairman Humboldt
County Central Committee*
struck him wkh a piece of rubber hose,
which burst, and so failed to seriously in
jure him. The old fellow made a great
outcry, and attracted tne attention of a
nei hbor, who saw ana recognized Gray.
Had it not beer, for the accident to Man
nion's weapon, the robbers would have
silenced Wormuth and secured the money.
Marsnal Creed had a severe struggle
with Mannion while takirtj? him to San
Rafael from Mill Valley last night. Tbe
prisoner, although handcuffed, endeavored
to secure the lines and overturn the
buggy. Creed was compelled to beat him
on the head with a revolver to subdue
him. Creed pays that while on the way to
the County Jail Mannion said, "I don't
care how guilty I am, Gray had nothing
to do with it."
There are other arrests still to be made.
The preliminary examination is set for
Saturday.
lien T>lcm Jirrnignra, at fisalia.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 17.— Ben Dice,
the slayer of his brother-in-law, Grant
Smith, was arraiened in the Superior
Court this morning and pleaded notguilty
to the charge of murder ag&inst him.
Owing to the poor h»alth of Dice tha
time of settinc of the trial was postponed
till October 19.
331=1. G-UY «,
'ERB PHYSICIAN of the
FLOW. KINGDOM. &&Ssffik
CTKI-iOJfCIiIKATKMI- §IS^^%\
XX nonce and learning.' " KB^"^^^
having long experience In ■ WT ' ' V
ihe Imperial Hospitals of ' f__ » I
I mm. He baa • practiced A^^ dv
Ills profession la America h"^ i ■ "
■or 10 years ana cared tnou- Vl i'V.'J.'
sands of alcic and afflicted. U *** f
He guarantees a cure of all V _ -«»*- /
diseases of 'men, women V- ' J
and children where cure Is ma- ,-4
possible. No matter if oth- ■ '•" !
era have failed to cure you, -^BSSfefcirtW^F '.
try OK. GUY. Everybody H^ '
Invited to call. Consulta-
i tion ntKK. Offl-es— B2l KEABNV ST., IMb
i Washington and Jackson. ">MARTIN KELLY
NAMES THE JUDGES
Hunt, Finn, Sawyer and
Cook Nominees of the
Fake Convention.
HUNT'S NAME HISSED.
Indignation Because Judge Heb
tard Was Turned Down by
Mahoney.
HOW THE ROLL WAS STOTFED.
Ludicrous Attempt to Impart Dignity
to a Gathering in the Name
of the F. kirs.
Martin Kelly wore a broad-gauge smile
last night as he surveyed the 150 people in
B'nai B'rith Hall, whom he had elected a
few days before at his patent, back-action,
reflex, duplex, ballot-multiplying, pri
mary election machine.
They smiled back at Martin because his
smile was an encouragement to them after
the recent pruel decision of the Supreme
Court to the effect that the County Clerk
and a few other important officials who
have the dispensation of large chunks of
patriotism were to retain their offices for
another two years.
Mr. Kelly took a front seat at one side
of the hall, while Senator Mahoney oc
cupied a seat at the other side. Both
glanced at the galleries and at the seats
around tka hali, which were occupied by
Republicans who declined to follow Mr.
Kelly's storm-beaten banner. Then the
Senator proceeded to business and buzzed
something into the ear of tbis delegate
and that delegate. It was thirty-five
minutes after 8 o'clock when C. A. Lau
meister rapped the faithful few to order.
W. A. Richardson nominated Henry I.
Kowalsky for the position of temporary
chairman. The well-trained delegates
made the election unanimous and Mr.
Kowalsky, with a shining silk hat in his
hand, ascended to the platform and made
a little speech.
He oegan by saying (without choking)
that the Republican party of San Fran
cisco was thoroughly and fully represent
ed in the convention before him.
"The Republican party of this City re
quires no boss," continued the ex-iieuten
aut-colonel. Martin Keliy, who was sit
ting in the front row, started violently and
blushefl, but was reassured by Mr. Kowal
sky looking another way and blinking his
eyes at the nearest chandelier.
"We are here for harmony," he con
tinned, feelingly, "and exteud the olive
branch to every Republican to come with
in our ranks."
There oeinj? no response to this hospit
able invitation, William Laumeister was
selected as temporary secretary, and Mark
Kelly as sergeant-at-arms.
Several delegates murmured when the
office o/ serjeant-at-arms was mentioned,
and one exclaimed: "We don't want no
sergeant-at-arms; there's only us here."
But the sergeant-at-arms was appointed
nevertheless.
The following were appointed as a com
mittee on credentials: E. B. Read, Joseph
Sparrow, J. B. McNamara, A. Hagenkamp,
William A^mubsen, P. Hoean, Robert
Pyne, A. Durlee, P. A. Lund', Max Gold
bere, William M. Conklin, Martin Lichten
s'.adter, J. A. Noble, P. Leich and F. K.
Hanson.
Martin Kelly's name was the first in the
report of the committee on credentials.
The report contained the names of several
score citizens who do not train under Mr.
Kelly, but the seats of the absentees were
filied with alternates who answered for the
missing men and thus prevented the oc
currence of any ugly gaps in the conven
tion.
Proxies of men whose names had been
used at the primaries without their knowl
edge or consent were numerous, and were
in the hands of the faithful few who were
close to the boss.
Among the names reported by the com
mittee on credentials was John D. Spreck
els, and when his name was called some
one answered "Present," but the effort
was too raw and a burst of laughter Irom
the galleries followed tne clumsy attempt
to stuff the rolL
This is only an illustration of the kin
dergarten methods pursued in th<. late
primaries. It appears that Messieurs
Kelly and Mahony failed to secure the
consent of a sufficient number of Republi
cans to allow the use of their names as
delegates. Hence the roll was stuffed
with the names of two or three score Re
publicans oi standing and political repute
to impart a tone of dignity to the political
fake.
The chair appointed the following com
mittees:
Order of business— H. L. Curtis, J. juevi
Jr., William Lindop, William Thompson,
William OSermann, Dexter Moran, John
G. South, W. M. Cartwright, Andrew
Murry, M. Mcßvoy, M. Livingstone,
Charles H. Forbes, W. Michelsen, A.
From berg, J. C. Btevenson, L. B. Cole
man, J. J. West, Luigi Torre, Joseph
Spohn.
Platform and rules — A. Ruef, J. T. Car
roll, J. M. Ellenbrook, Joseph King, B. L
Wren, J. W. Darragh, Edward Connolly,
C. 8. Bartlett, B. Gracier, W. S. Thorgood,
M. H. Wascerwitz, John D. Dolan, L.
Howe, A. M. Pierson, C. H. Fehnemann,
H. Sheridan. Gaston Straus, M. Anthony.
After a recess of ten minutes, the greater
part of wbicb was spent in partaking of
refreshments downstairs, the committees
returned. The order of permanent busi
ness was partially reported as follows:
Permanent chairman, H. P. Sonntag;
vice-chairmen, Asa R. Wells and Carlos
G Young; secretary, A. J. Morganstern;
assistants, J. W. McCabe, S. H. Beckett
and Gus rfartmann; sergeant-at-arms, J.
P. McQuaide.
Mr. toonniag excused himself from mak
ing a speech, and Mr. Wells followed suit.
Mr. Kowalsky tools the floor and the
occasion, there boing nothing else in sight
worth taking just then, and made a speech
on the purity of the judiciary. He wound
up by moving that the chair appoint a
committee of five, consisting mainly of
pure attorneys, to select four names to be
presented to trie convention as candidates
for the Superior judgeshio.
Messrs. Kowalsky, Ruef, Forbes, Maho
ney and Carroll were appointed on the
committee, and after an absence from
the hall of not more tfan three minutes
returned and reported the names of John
Hunt, E. D. Sawyer, John F. Finn and
Carroll Cook.
There were hisses when Judge Hunt s
name was read, and an indignant delegate
shouted, "What's the matter with Heb
bard?"
The cry was repeated by several others,
and Mr. Ruef made the explanation that
he had voted for Judge Hebbard, but that
the majority of the committee did not
wan* Hebbard.
At this juncture Martin Kelly claimed
the floor, and moved that the four gentle
men reported by the committee be de
clared by acclamation to be the nominees
of the convention.
The motion was carried with a rush,
and Se.nator Mahoney announced to the
chair that he would pay the •'initiation
fee" of the gentlemen, they not being
present.
Jacob Levi moved that the convention
adjourn until Saturday night at 8 o'clock,
and the motion was carried.
ANARCHISTS SEND FUNDS
The local Club "Wants to Bring Out
Louise Michel and Pietro
Gori.
Money is being raised by the anarchists
all over the United States to bring out
Louise Michel and Pietro Gori in order
that they may make a lecturing tour to
disseminate tbe doctrines of anarchy.
Both these famous anarchists are at
present in .London. Gori went to the
Biitish capital to take part in the Social
istic Congress which was held a month
and a half ago, but he was not permitted
to speak, as anarchists were rigorously
excluded from the platform.
Find ng his plans frustrated in London
he went to Paris to disseminate his doc
trines, but soon crossed the channel back
to England. His anarcnift friends here
say tuat Gori would be ready enough to
strike a blow at tbe powers that be if the
brethren considered it necessary, but at
the same time they incline to the belief
that he is not connected with the alleged
anarchist plots in England and France to
blow up the Czar.
The local anarchist club, with head
quarters at the southwest corner of Union
and Powell streets, has sent an install
ment of $50 toward the general fund for
bringing out Gori and Louise Michel, and
intends soon to send more. The clubs all
over the country are contributing accord
ing to their membership and as this is one
of the weakest anarchist centers in the
United States, the general fund has
already reached considerable proportions.
Le Questione Sociale, the orgun of the
anarchists of New Jersey, states tuat Gori
and Louise Michel will sail this month
for the United States. Their coming
means a determined effort to make more
converts to the creed of anarchy.
AN EXPENSIVE ILLUSION,
A Spieler at the Mechanics' Fair
Disappeared With Some
Money.
A Protest Against an Exhibitor Giv
ing Away Souvenirs— lrish
Night Melodies.
The sons and daughters of the Emerald
Isle invaded the Pavilion in large num
bers last evening, for it was Irish night at
the Home Industry Exposition. The re
nnion was under the auspices of the Celtic
Union.
An excellent musical programme con
sisting exclusively of national Irish aud
American airs was rendered by the or
chestra. An address on the manufactures
and commercial interests of Ireland was
delivered by the Hon. Joseph Legsett, a
trustee ot the institute. Jeremiah Deasy,
president of the Celtic Union, was chair
man of the committee of arrangements.
The exhibitors in the gallery are hav
ing a good laugh at the expense of the ex
hibitor who is conducting Jhe palace of il
lusions, near the head of the stairs, where
the half-lady, the water nymph, tde trans
forming Queen of Sheba and other mys
tifying illusions are on exhibition.
The professor, as he is called, hired a
leather-lunged spieler named McGregor to
proclaim the attractions within. On
Wednesday evening a man with a
large family presented a $10 gold piece
lor several admission tickets. The
ticket-seller did not have the change
and requested the spieler to get the money
changed. McGregor took the coin and
disappeared as mysteriously as the water
nymph inside the booth. In fact, his per
formance was so successful that he has
not been seen since, and a warrant was
sworn out for his arrest to see if the police
can find him. McGregor's single star act
cost the professor $9 80.
There is another little rumpus in the
■wind in the Pavilion. Yesterday Zahn
Bros., manufacturers of brooms, gave out
a lot of souvenirs in the shape of minia
ture brooms with leadpensil handles.
Three policemen were unable to keep the
passageway clear, so great was the de
mand for the little articles. The manage
ment of the fair has undertaken to stop
the distribution of tbe souvenirs, but the
Zauns are firmly of the ODinion
they have as much right to give away
tneir goods as any other exhibitor, and
the final decision is still in the air.
The total vote for the most popular ex
hibit stands: Johnson- Locke Mercantile
Company, 1130; Joshua Hendy Machine
Works, 1165; Crown Milling Company,
1291; Rix Compressed-air Machine Com
pany. 914; Tillman & Bendel, 673; Lau
meister Milling Company, 445; Union
Iron Works, 338; W. P. Fuller & Co., 303.
The music programme for this aiteruoon
and evening is as follows:
AFTKRNOOS PBOOBAIfMB.
March, Priest march from "Athalia"
Mendelssohn
Overture, "Crown of Diamonds" Auber
Waltz, "Adeleu" Strauss
Spring gone Mendelssohn
Selection from "Norma" Bellini
Quadrille, "Chantonnetten"
Overture, "Kelsenmuhle" Bciaaigex
Xylophon solo bionbe
M. ( iverbeck.
•HCchoea of the Forest" Riedel
(a) Bouree Kegloff
(b) Chaconne
Grand galop de concert. ••Illusion" Beyer
EVENING.
March, "Naval Battnllon" Roncovleri
Overture, "All Hands on Deck" Suppee
Waltz, "Dreams on the Ocean' Gunjjl
"Row on, My Love," trombone soio Reddlug
Alfred Hojicoviirl.
"Voyage In a Troopship," a nautical fentasie..
Mill r
Overture, "Flying Dutchman" Wagner
•'The sea and the Beautiful Waves" Benda
Nautical selection. "Songs of the Sea" Walston
•'Kocked In the Cradle of the Deep"
Galop, '-With the Wind" Faust
«' ♦ »
THE BLAZE LAST NIGHT
Several Old Buildings on the Corner of
Ninth and Bryant Streets
Destroyed.
At 11:15 last evening a fire broke out in
the rear of the liquor - store of Peter
Tode, near the northwest corner
of Ninth and Bryant streets.
The flames quickly spread to
the saloon of Harry Walcom on the
corner, thence up the block, taking in L.
Scott's place. Mrs. Perry's dressmaking
establishment, 544 Ninth street, and \V.
G. Haniford's laundry, 556 Ninth.
The Fire Department, responding to the
alarm from box 187. was soon on the
ground, but the old shells of buildings
burned like tinder.
Tne engines, however, kept the flames
within the block, and then they nad it
pretty much their own way. Wal
coni's family was sleeping back of the
saloon and his little children barely es
caped, so swift was the ure going through
the old bouse.
The contents of all the places were
a total loss, with a total dam
age of about $4000. Tode's stock
of liquors will cover about half of the
general loss and is well insured. Wai
com's loss is about $1000, witii a small in
surance.
Mrs. Perry's and Haniford's losses of
about $500 each are not covered by insur
ance. The latter recently moved into the
place. The burned buildings belong to
the Shield 8 estate.
As the Commercial Fire Dispatch wagon
was rushing down Harrison street it
broke down at the corner of Seventh and
is a total wreck.
Old Dutch, Botr, Japanese Gray, English
Oaks, plain Mai QilU, White and Gold, Spanish
Cedar. Curly Kedwood and Raw Chestnut are
the proper things in Picture Frames. San born,
Vail <fc Co. have them all at the lowest prices. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
A NEW CHURCH
MUST BE BUILT
Parishioners of the Sacred
Heart Church Are in
Earnest.
FATHER FLOOD'S FLOCK
Larger Quarters Required to
Go On With the Good
Work.
THE DOMINICAN SISTERS.
It Is Intended Later to Turn the
Present Church Into a Parochial
School.
The last business meeting of the parish
ioners of the Sacred Heart Church pre
paratory to the fair they propose holding
next month was held last night at the
church on Fell street, near Fillmore.
James C. Nea!on presided.
The fair is to open on the first Thursday
of October in Second Regiment Hall on
Page and Gongh streets, and will continue
for two weeks.
The purpose ot the fair is to secure
funds to build a new church, and there is
every likelihood judging from the manner
in which the ladies went to the front last
night that they intend earning consider
able coin to build a fine edifice.
When the Dominican Sisters were
burned out on Golden Gate avenue four
years ago Father Flood and his parishion
ers built a house of sixteen rooms back of
the Sacred Heart Church, on Fell street,
and gave it to the sisters as an asylum.
They have been a most valuable acquisi
tion to the parish, where they have re
sided ever since. They have now upward
of 200 pupils, and all their facilities are
exhausted. Wnen the fair is over and a
new church can be built, Fati.er Flood
will turn over to the sisters the old
church, which will be turned into a
parochial scnool.
There are to be seventeen booths, and
the names of the ladies who are to attend
to them were presented to Rev. Father
James Flood as follows:
League of the Cross booth— Mesdames Dr. D.
F. Ragan, Dr. Ed Donnelly, W. Mar-kel, Major
P. Harney, Frank Bragg, Philip Fay, T. Pol
lard, Dr. L. Oneida; Misses Lizzie Reardon,
M. L. Ragan, Mamie Ciurry, Belle and Lou
Boyle, Dunleavy, Mamie Glehnon. riara Baker,
Anna and Stella Fiiy, Mary and Eva Donovan,
Mamie and Gretta Donnelly, Kate Fallon, Mag
gie Dunn, Rebe and Lola McFeelev, Josephine
and Acnes Kay, Martha and KHtie Coppage.
St. Mary's booth— Presided over by Mrs. W.
P. Sullivan, assisted by Miss C Finigan, Mrs.
Dockery, Misses Mollie, Kitty and Teresa Mc-
Dermott, Mi-.s Nellie Con tiers. Miss C. Car
berry, Miss Nellie O hern. Miss Mamie Carew,
Miss Gertie Slater, Mit-s Maria Guilfoyle, Miss
McWilllums nnrt Miss Rose Garrity.
St. Patrick's booth -Mrs. L. Fitzgerald and
the Misses Fitzgerald, Mrs. Haipin, Miss Hal
jin, tiie Misseß Hand, the MUses Kenney, Mrs.
Byrne, the Misses Byrne, Mrs. Nuisen, the
Misses Nutsen, Mrs. Burns and MissTehan.
Refreshment booth — Miss May McCarthy,
Miss May McCormiek, Miss Marguerite Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. Leonard, Mrs. Drury, Mrs. Hayes,
Mr>. Arnold, Mrs. Soreson, Miss Kavanaugh,
M-.ss Donahue, Mrs. McCarthy, Mrs. Crowley
and Mrs. Furlong.
F ower booth— Presided over by Mrs. P. H.
McVay, Miss Agnes Kenny, the Misses Louisa
and Martha Smith, Miss Mamie Lennon, M:ss
Margaret Taylor, Miss Bessie Curran, Miss
Burke.
Soda-water fountain— Miss Kate Tighe. Miss
S. K. Kelly, Miss K. Kelly, Miss Rose Kelly,
Mibs S. Krause, Mrs. Robertson, Miss Grennan.
Shooting gallery— Charles A. Drury, George
D. Devine, Charles E. Heldebrecht, William J.
O'Brien, Charles J. Youugbarg, George J.
Knox, George Christensen, George W. Ellis
and Harry Lang.
Ice-cream table— Presided over by Miss A.
O'Brien, assisted by Miss D. Moran, Miss E.
O'Brien, Mrs. Furlong, Miss A. Guerin, Miss K.
Dalton, with Miss Mamie Kelly ia charge oi
the tarn ale stand.
St. Joseph's booth — Presided over by Mrs. P
J. Corbett, the Misses Corbett. Misses Mamie
and Josie Hennebery, Mrs. Thomas Walsh,
Mrs. J. J. Groom, Mrs. J. C. Neaion, the Misses
Nealon, Miss Rowland, Miss Rayhill Kelly,
Mrs. M'.hrraan, Mrs. Captain John Green, the
Misses Hogan and Mrs. Cur.ey.
St. Anthony booth— Mrs. John J. Tracy, Mrs.
McCormick, Mrs. KavanauKh, Mrs. Murray,
Miss Brunschweiler, Miss Conuahan, Misses
Swift, Misses Dinn, Miss Corrlggan, Miss Shea,
Mrs. HhII and Miss Staack.
Aye Maria booth— Pre3ided over by Mrs.
Judge Cooney, assisted by Mrs. T. J. Bailey,
Mlv Sarah Coonan, Mrs. i'ettr Kelly, Miss
Kelly, Misses Slattery, Miss Kate Fallon.
The candy stand, connected with Mrv Coon
ey's table, will be in charge of Miss L. F.
Brady, assisted by Mrs. J. W. Lee.
The Sacred Heart table— Presided over by
Mrs. J. B. Murphy, assisted by P. J. McCor
mack. Mrs. James Feehan, the Misses Margaret
and Mary Gallagher, Mrs. D. OSullivan, Mi-s
D. Dillon, Mrs. Heddish, Mrs. Charles Wieland,
Miss Catherine Feehan, Miss May Kiely, Miss
O'NellL Mis* Annie Hcggarty. Mis< Madaline
Crolly, Mrs. H. Brown, Mrs. Waller Homes, the
Misses Conlon and Miss Horn.
St. Francis booth— Presided over by Mrs.
Jeremiah Mahoney, assisted by Miss EUen Ma
honey. Mrs. D. Marcucci. Mrs. J. J. Mahoney,
t lie Misses Lizzie and Kate Gorman. Miss M.
Mulcany, the Misses Lizzie and Ella Mahoney,
Mrs. D. Gorman and Mi-s Moilie Barrett.
Carmel booth— Presided over byMi«-s Agne«
J. Bodkin, assisted by Mrs. CoroeU, Miss Birdie
Flynn, Miss Emma Jordan. Mrs. Kelly, Miss
Lizzie and Emma Macdonald, Mrs. Nonie and
Elinor Maugan, the Misses Mary, L. F.
and Asnes O'Donnell, Miss Annie OSullivan,
Mr<. Piilthorje, Mrs. Ramome, the Misses
Walsh, Mrs. William Waters, Miss Nellie
Watc-rs and Mrs. James Williamson.
Romatia booth— Presided over by Mrs. D
Sullivan, assisted by Mrs. S. Hughes, Mrs. D
O'Neil, Miss M. Daily, Miss N. Daily, Miss
Ilene Thomas, MUses Mary and Margaret
Murphy, Miss Feeley, Miss G. Burke, Miss May
Levine, Miss Dougiaa and Mrs. McDermott.
A daily newsoaper, the Daily Record
wiil He published by T. J. O'Neill during
the life of the fair and for its benefit. It
will be a bright, sparkling issue, written
by members of the staff of the leading
payers of this City.
Puiimi Kails to Act.
Mamie Conn, a woman living with Martin
Lit- tier, a barkeeper employed In a Halltck
streetsaloon, attempted suicide last evening
in her rooms in the Wilton House, Howard
and Third streets.
Lasher and the woman had a quarrel over
some trivial affair and later the woman de
termined to put an end to her existence.
La>her left the room about 6 o'clock and
started lor his place of business. Mamie
watched him depart and then went out and
purchased a quantity of sugar of load. She
returned, and swallowing a large dose lav
down on the !>ed to die. The action of the I
drug, however, caused her to cry ont in pain
and she was discovered before it was too late.
A physician was summoned and after a few
powerful emetics were administered with sat
isfactory results the woman was pronounced
out of danger.
Six Inquests Held.
Coroner Hawkins held six Inquests yester
day, verdicts of suicide being returned In four,
as follows: Murv McDowell, arsenic poisoning;
J. E. Moore, drowning; Mary McNamnra, car
bolic acid; Emma Hazel, morphine poisoning.
In the case o« Jeremiah Bagu-v, wnose body
was recovered near the Ocean House beach, a
verdict of "unknown causes" vvaa returned.
The same verdict was returned in the ense of
the unknown man whose body was recovered
off the Howard-street wharf a few days ago.
Another Forgery Charge.
Norman Schuller, the insurance broker, who
was recently held to answer for forging a note
of $5000. will have to answer to another
charge. Yesterday Private Detective Stilwell
swore to a compliant in Judge Coolau't court,
charging Schuller with forginjj the name of
Henry Matthews to a note for f 1000 on June
4. which was made payable to the order 01
Attorney John C. Hughes.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Competitive Drill and Flag Presenta
tion to Company £.
Company E, League of the Cross Cadets,
will hold a rally to-night in the hall of the
Mission Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, on Seventeenth street, near Valen
cia.
The programme will be a most attrac- j
tive one, the principal feature being the
presentation of a fine silk American flag
to the company by the ladies of Mission
Dolores parish. The presentation speech
will be delivered by Colonel Job. n O'Byrne,
and responded to on behalf of the com
pany by Captain D. J. McCarthy.
Addresses will also be given by Colonel
James F. Smitli of the National Guard
and Major A. P. Mulligan. Mrs. Kdith
Stanley-Griffin will sin,;. Miss Pauba and 1
the Friday Evening Club will render some
classic instrumental selections, and Joseph
Corriaran has promised, some of his famous
comic specialties.
There will also be competitive drills for
non-commissioned officers and for privates
respectively, alter which Colonel Thomas
Ryan will present medals to the winning
contestants.
STREETCAR ECCENTRICITIES.
Combination of Transfer Perplexities
for the Solution of the t'ot rei-uite*.
One of the latest phases of the Market
street railway eccentricities ia the varia
tion in streetcar accommodation between
the City proper and the Potrero.
Tbe last phase of perplexity is that at
certain hours of the day a red panel is
hung on the front of the Kentucky-street
electric cars which reads: "This car only
to Market street/ Further information
is hidden under red-tape rules, and ail that
remains for the passenger who is unac
quainted with the spasmodic rules issued
from day to day is to remain on the car
until it stops at Third and Market streets
and ask for a transfer to the Kearny
street line, cross Market street by dodgins
between passing vehicles and cable-cars
until he gets on to Kearny street and then
waiting ten or fiiteen minutes unt'l a
northbound car comes along, board it and
get to hi- destination.
Th s new rule is puzzling, bungling and
complicated, and gives the passengers
who travel on this line no end of annoy
ance.
THE YOUTHS' DIRECTORY,
Enthusiastic Meeting of the
Festival Committee Held
Last Night.
Encouraging Reports Received and
Several Additional Committees
Appointed.
An enthusiastic meeting of the commit
tee of the festival in aid of the Youths'
1 Directory and friends was held at the di
| rectory last night. Every seat was occu
pied and the doors had to be thrown open
to provide accommodation for all those
present. President James R. Kelly was
in the chair and Miss Nora M. Sullivan
was in her place. It was the largest meet
ing yet held.
Encouraging reports were read from the
different committees and many subscrip
tions and donations were reported, among
them a handsome Schubert piano valued
at $600, donated by James Keeffe, Van
Ness avenue.
The following additional committees
were appointed :
Floor— A. B. MrGuire (chairman), James
A. Horan, Dr. O. K. Steers, Thomas F.
Doolan. John P. Dignan, P. J. Sullivan,
George E. Gallagher, T. B. Crowley, Wil
liam (^wanton, David MiGee, John Fiiz
patrick, Peter M. McHu?h, W. W.
O'Shaughnessy, W. H. McGeeny, Joseph
D. Regan, George A. Rice, John P. Henry,
James J. Giidea, Dr. John Gallagher, M.
Duane, Captain Fred Palmer, James J.
Moran, Jame? Wren, Captain P. J. Dunne.
In cbarge of door— John O'Neill, b\ P.
Crowley and E. Cullinan.
Art gallery— Captain H. J. Meagher.
Snooting gallery— P. J. Sullivan.
Museum — D. Keller.
A communication was read from O'Con
nor and Keller, the famous Irish jig
dancers, that they would be on hand in
Pt. Patrick's booth on the night of
October 5.
It was announced that the following
talented artists would appear during the
i festival:
Sopranos — Miss Anita Rooney, Miss D.Keane,
Miss M. Sullivan, Miss K. Black, Miss Burdell
| and Miss Stanley.
Contra to.s— Miss Gallagher, Miss Watson,
Mrs. Gnltin and Miss Carroll.
Tenors— David Manlloyd, Frank Coffin, W. J.
i O'Brien, G. E. Rice, Mr Tilton aud W. Luti«hlin.
Bassos— G. V. Wood, Mr. B rger Mr. Parent,
: M r. Daly, Mr. MfAuliffe and W. P. Lawier.
Piano— Miss Grace Burke, Mr 9. P. B. Hay,
Miss Heflernan and Sydney HopecrafU
Violin— Miss Caroline Knox and Miss Hasten.
Cello— Mr. Hoffmann.
Readers— Miss Luce, Miss C. Johnson, Miss
Anna Daly.
Miss Ettie O'Brien. Paul Bernhardt, H.
Dinan, Miss Mclnerney, Miss E. B.
O'Brien, Miss Mary Kimball, Kits 8. Gal
j lather, Miss F. Csllahan, Miss Broderick
Miss Rose Stack, Mrs. Sibel, Miss M. Spil
lar.e, C. B. Delaney, Miss R. O'Connor,
Miss K. Wallace, Miss J. Ryal, Miss Len
non, Miss S. Kershaw, Miss Roder.
The booths will be all fixed and beauti
fully decorated for September 24. Each
day and night grand vocal and instru
mental concerts will be given, sever.il
well-known musical societies, bands and
orcnestras having offered their services.
The next meeting will be held on Tues
day evening.
rerjury la Charged.
L. Churich. a saloon-keeper on Laguna
street, appeared In Judge Campbell's court
yesterday to answer a charge of perjury pre
ferred by N. Ragenovlrh, 1597 Turk street,
and the case was continued. Churich had
Kagenovlch arrested for assault to commit
murder, mid the case was dismissed by Judge
Low. The perjury of which Churich is
chHreed consists in swearing to the complaint
against Ragcnovich.
Will Act as Inspectors.
The Police Department formally notified the
Health Department yesterday that the request
of the latter body that all patrolmen be in
structed to act us health inspectors would be
compiled with, and that the house-to-house
inspection that the police are expected to
make will begin as soou as the patrolmen are
lurnished with the proper blanks.
■»—» — ♦ — • .
The Fair (a,p.
Judge Van R. Paterson, guardian ad litem
and attorney for Herman Otlrichs Jr., yester
day entered a demurrer to the answer of
Theresa A. Oelriehs and Virginia Fair to the
fourth amended opposition of his client to the
firohateof the will of James G. Fair. He al
eges that the answer does not state facts sui
ficient to constitute a defense.
I. awn Not Loit
Graham Laws, the university student who
was reported as missing, is back in Berkeley.
It seems that ' when his fellow-students were
wondering what had become of him, Mr. Laws
had simply Rone on a visit to Santa Barbara.
His family were cognizant of i.is whereabouts,
and were not suffering anxiety on his account.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
NEW TO-DAT.
TODTUEHUJ"
And we will take half, l hat's the basis
on which we trade during the
TAILORS' STRIKE SALE!
Half and half— You pay us sound money
and we give you sound goods.
Our latest stroke required more than
ordinary courage— being nothing less
than the purchase for spot cash — of
$89,000
Worth of Clothingf rom the terror-stricken
manufacturers, who were compelled, ow-
ing to the Tailor Strike, to unload their
stock and get the cash.
MEN'S, BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S
CLOTHING!
Every garment made for the coming Fall
and Winter wear.
CUSTOM TAILORING DEPARTMENT!
You will find the largest and best se-
lected stock of Suitings, Overcoatings and
Trouserings in San Francisco on exhibi-
tion here. To enable every one to wear a
stylish, made -to -order suit, we have
marked the goods about one-half the reg-
ular price. Come and investigate.
Summerfield's
iBIG STOREE
WITH THE TINY PRICES,
924-930 Market Street
(OPPOSITE THE EMFORIXJM).
Demons
in the
Blood!
Syphilis— poisoned blood— Nature's most
dreadful revenge for the perversion of her
greatest gift — the reproductive function.
What an apt comparison !
Is it not as if a thousand imps of dark-
ness were lurking and skulking in your
life currents, stopping here and there to
kindle a fire that breaks out in pimples
and eruptions; baffled for a while by stronc
medicines — extinguishers — but
finally succeeding in starting a veritable
hell fire that tortures, consumes and kills!
But isn't there help? Isn't there a
strong and friendly arm to draw him away
from the edge of the gaping precipice,
where he is tottering and struggling,
drawn down by a force be is powerless to
resist?
I
DOCTOR COOK.
The regular practitioner gets too few of
these cases to back up the book learning
he cot at college. He has theori es with-
out practice. He is not an expert. He ex-
periments, bungles — cures or kills.
Dr. Cook has devoted a lifetime to this
class of diseases. The clinics and hospit-
als of Europe and America have swelled
his stock of knowiedg (and perfected his
skill. He is as familiar with every symp-
tom, phase and mode of treatment of these
troubles as the ordinary doctor is with
those of a common heartache or fever.
Dr. Cook is not only an expert on syph-
ilis, but be cures all chronic and nervous
diseases of both sexes. Lost manhood and
its attending ailments a specialty.
He treats thousands successfully by
mail. Write fully. , - .
Office hours: 9to 12, 2t05,7 to 8. Sun-
days, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only. ;
DOCTOR COOK
[ 865 Market St., Fr.Sff.eo.
COSMOFOIjITAX.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth sU, San
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In
the city. - Board and room fl. *1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c Rooms 600
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the - hotel.
Look tor the coach - bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. , WAL t'AHEY, Proprietor.
~~ NOTARY PUBLIC.
GHARLKS H. PHILLII's. /TTORNKY-AT-
Law and .Notary ri.blic, 638 Mar s'., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1620
Feil street. Telephone " Pine " 2691.
HEADQUARTERS
REPUBLICAN
COUNTY COMMITTEE.
850 MARKET STREET.
Call for a Republican Municipal Pri-
mary and Nominating Con-
vention.
■pESOLVED, THAT THE REPUBLICAN
County Committee ol the City and County of
San Francisco, State ol California, the same being
a committee authorized by rules and customs of
the Republican party of the State of California to
call elections for said party in the City and County
of San Frauclsco, for the purpose hereinafter
npecifled, does hereby call and order an election
to be held on Saturday, the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, by the qualified Republican voters ol
the City and County of San Francisco, at the time
and places and for the purposes and subject to the
conditions and qualifications hereinafter set forth,
and that it thereby declared and determined to
call, hold and conduct said election in accordance
with the rules prescribed in Part 3, Title 11,
Chapter 14 of the Political code of the State of
California.
Resolved, That said election shall be beld on
Saturday, September 19, 1896, in the various As-
sembly districts of the City and County of San
Francisco, as established by an act of the Legisla-
ture of California, entitled "An act to divide the
State into legislative districts, as required by sec-
tion 6, article IV of the constitution, and to pro-
vide for the election of Assemblymen and Senators
in such districts, approved March 11, 1891"; pro-
vided, however, that there shall be at least one and
not more than two polling-placesin each Assembly
district, as may hereafter be determined by the
executive committee; and the dolls shall be kept
open continuously between the hours of 12 o'clock
noon and 7 o'clock in the evening.
Resolved, That the County Commltteemen from
each Assembly district shall select election officers,
vis. : Une inspector, two judges and two clerks or
each polling-place, the same to be submitted to the
executive committee for approval, also polling-
places, and that the executive committee thereof
sball act as a returning or canvassing board and
lake general charge of the primary herein called.
Resolved, That ail polling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-box so placed as 10 be
seen from the sidewalk.
Rexolvfd, That no barricades or other obstruc-
tions shall tie erected or maintained in front of
an>- polling-place, but the said polling-places shall
De as free of ail obstructions as they are at general
elections, and that no returns will be received or
counted as official from any polling-place where
t his provision has been violated.
Rtxolvd, That the official ballot-box at each
pollins-place must remain in a plain and unob-
structed view from the opening of the polls to the
close. The ballot-box must be so placed that the
voter can easily see the top of the box and his bal-
lot deposited.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or soliciting
of votes shall be Dermilted within 100 feet of the
polls, and the committee requests the police offi-
cers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of various precincts, shall
be posted in a conspic -ous place outside the polls.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge In the laws ot the state governing gen-
anew to-pat:
eral elections this committee hereby directs and
orders that the following additional test be put to
voters: "I will pledge myself to vole for the nom-
inees of the Eepublican party at the coming elec-
tion. . . •
Resolved. That the executive committee shall
j procure and provide for each polling-place a ballot-
j box as Is used at the general election; also at least
; two copies of the precinct register, embracing
j within the boundaries of the Assembly district,
I and for each particular - polling-place one copy of
j said precinct register must remain at all times in-
I side of the polling-place and . retained by the elec-
| tion board for the purpose of ascertaining whether
i the name of the voter appears on the precinct reg-
i ister, and to place a check opposite the name ot
the voter after he has voted.
Resolved, That for tins primary election only the
I printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
I tion held In November, 1894, shall be used, and
1 no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
! does not appear on the precinct resisted in the
j Assembly district in w%iich be offers to vote.
I Resolved, That the objects of said election are as
follows:
First. The election of 243 delegates to consti-
tute a Republican Municipal, Legislative, Judicial
and Educational convention, to meat at 1 p. k. 00
the32d day of September, 1896. at The Auditorium,
I cor. of Jones and Eddy sts., to nominate candidates
• for all municipal and judicial offices, and to mate
i such provisions for the nomination of candidates
j for members of the Legislature of the State of
California to represent the various Assembly and
j Senatorial districts of the City and County of Saa
i Francisco to which said City and County Is en-
titled, all of said nominees to be voted for at the
I general election to be held November 3, 1896, in
: the City and County of San Francisco, State ot
California, and for the transaction of such other
. business as in the judgment of the convention may
be required for the benefit of the Republican party.
The apportionment of said delegates to said con-
vention will be as follows:
Two delegates at large from each Assembly dis-
trict, and one delegate for each 100 Republican
; votes cast for Hon. M. M. Kstee at the last general
• election held November 6, 1394, and fraction of
I 100 of fifty or over us follows:
i Twenty-eighth District 10
j Twenty-ninth District 10
I Thirtieth listrict xi
! Thirty-first District n
I Thirty-second District ■.....' 9 .
! Thirty-third District 12
Thlrty-four:h District .... Ie
Thirty-fifth District 12
Thirty-sixth District 14
I Thirty-seventh District 17
I Thirty-eighth District.... ...*" 15
Thirty-ninth District 18
Fourtifth District 17
j Forty-first District 18
j Forty-second District. * ; \q
! Forty- third District... ;..... 14
; Forty-fourth District... 13
Forty-fifth District 10
Total 243
Resolved, That the time and manner of the pub-
j lishing of this call shall be as follows:
Printed copies of this call shall be posted at each
! of the polling places for this primary election In
I the City and County of San Francisco, and also in
I various other places throughout the City, and put*
N Uc notice of the posting of this call shall be given
; by advertisement In a paper of general circulation
j In the City and county of San Francisco.
Resolved, That in 1 onformlty with the law no
; person shall be allowed to vote at the publican
] pr.mary to be held on the 19th day of September.
I 1896. in said City and County of San Francisco, in
\ any polllnc'place thereof, unless his name shall be
I found enrolled in the register of voters In force
i and in use at the last general election, held on the
! 6th day of NovemDer, 1894.
1 Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
I election must be 12 Inches long and 6 inches in
I width, and the paper shall be of uniform color and:
[ printed upon paper furnished by the executive
[ committee, and shall be in type required by the
election laws In force November, 1890, and in a
form prescribed by the executive committee, anil
no other ticket than those In accord with these re-
quirements will be received, the wording to be as
follows;
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
— FOB —
1. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
2. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
3. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention..
4. Delegate Republican Municipal Convention.
The numbers to be followed consecutively ac-
cording to the number ot delegates which each
district may be entitled to.
Resolved, That within one hour after the can-
vass of the votes of each polling place, and when
all the returns have been properly signed and
sealed by the election board and clerks of election,
the returns must be brought In In properly sealed
packages by one of the .election board, designated
by the board for that purpose, to the chairman of
the executive committee, 850 Market street, who
shall mark on each package received by him the
date and hour of the day of its 'receipt. He shall
also give a receipt to the party from whom he re-
ceives the package. The chairman of the execu-
tive committee shall take all necessary care and
precaution for the safekeeping of all packages de-
livered to him and to keep them in bis custody
I Intact and unopened until the time designated for
; the opening of the canvass of the returns.
[ Resolved, That the executive . committee shall
fill all vacancies of primary election officer* and
make all changes in the polling places.
Resolved, That all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fail to vote for the apportion-
ment of delegates to which they may be entitled,
or where fraudulent work at the primary is proven
I beyond question to the executive committee, then
the executive committee will appoint delegates to
represent said district. ,
Resolved, That this committee hereby declares .
In most emphatic terms that if it shall appear at
any polling place that there has been any wron-j
or fraud committed or any law violated, or that
the voters have in a manner been intimidated, or
that any bona fide Republican has been de-
barred or prevented from freely exercising his
right to vote, the executive committee will set
I aside and declare null and void the election at
such polling place, and take such steps as may
deemed necessary and advisable to give the repre-
sentation to which said Assembly District may be
entitled to under this call.
Resolved, That the said executive committee
shall meet at 8 o'clock p. m. on the day of said
primary and remain continuously in session ■ until
returns of said primary are canvassed, and they
shall then, by resolution, declare which delegates
are entitled to their credentials.
Resolved, That no proxies shall be accepted by
this convention.
Resolved, That the executive committee Is here- .
by endowed and authorized to tase any and all
actions they may deem necessary, not In conflict
with the provisions of this call. ' ,
The election officers will receive their creden-
tials and election paraphernalia at the rooms ot
the County Committee.
- Adopted at a regular meeting of the County
Committee held September 10, 1896.
CHAS. W. MAN WARING,
Chairman
Republican County Committee.
JNO. M. CHBKTIEX, .;
Chairman
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee.
GROVE P. A YRES,
Secretary
Executive Committee Republican County Com-
mittee.
JOHN JACKSON,
Secretary
Republican County Committee.
m* m ■■ m m% A laxative refreshing for
I A M 11 X fruit lozenge,
. 'm'i"mai' -'—. : m '■'■''" ' hemorrhoids, bile,
B I] n I C ■! loss of »PP«*tite, gastric and
119 1 1 I■■ VI intestinal troubles and
I II If I la II headache arising
from them.
All HI I AM E. GRILLOX, :
I«KI 1 IN S3 Rue ties Archives, Paria.
UR I ball II Sold by all Druggiaw.
56
FRIDAY.. .SEPTEMBER 18,1896
CHARLES M..SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Poster* Freet
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. p0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six month*, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall- 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mail ••■•• **0
THB SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation T If
■•, it Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss H. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention. '
SO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-lg6S
EDITORIAL ROOMS t
017 Clay Street.
Telepnone sf«lll-lS74
BRANCH OFFICES
050 Montgomery street, corner Clay; «pen nntll
S:SO o'clock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 LarktD street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntil 8 o'clock.
2618 Mission street open nnttl 9 o'clock.
US Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
t . ft
OAKLAND OFFICBi
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE i
Booms 91 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. "
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM HcKIHLEY, or Ohio
*"OB VICF-PRK«IDBXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Palmer and Buckner are old, but they
are not fogies.
Really, the only question left is the sire
of McKinley's majority.
McKinley and the masses are working
for one another and are bound to win.
There is no confusion in Mr. Cator's
interest in fusion. He knows what he is
after. 1
Boss Rainey evidently knew it would
help him to capture the Democratic don
key when he set up his headquarters in
"the barn."
A clear understanding o! international
bimetallism is a sure cure for the silver
craze and at that understanding the peo
ple are rapidly arriving.
The Populists have combined with the
Republicans in North Carolina to over
throw Democratic misrule and Bryan's
talk to Buncombe was in vain.
It seems that while Popocrat fusion in
this State begins with Bryan it is directed
to the election of Cator to the United
States Senate. How do sterling Demo
crats like that?
Sound money and protection, good busi
ness and good wages, all these you will
get from McKinley, but what can you ex
pect from Bryan but industrial disturb
ance and unrest?
The estimate based on the vote of Ver
mont and Maine that the Republicans will
carry New York by 750,000 majority would
amaze the Popocrats if they were not too
much dazed to be amazed at anything.
"William Jennings Bryan to-night, sin
cle-handed, out in the open, with no muz
zle,' is the way Orator Taylor described
Wandering Willie and ala 3 how the Dem
ocratic party mourns the fact that he has
no muzzle.
The best wny to revive industry, pro
vide employment for the people and pre
pare the way for on advance of wages is to
restore the protective system. We have
always had prosperity under protection,
and we have never had it when that system
was broken down.
Congressman Newlands said in his
speech on Wednesday evening: "The true
ailies of thi3 country are those countries
which have a scarcity of money." That
proposition wili be denied by every busi
ness man. We do not wish to depend on
the trade of people wno have nothing.
The next time the Democrats have an
oratorical fifld night in this City the peo
ple would be glad to hear them discuss
the Chicago platform in full. The orators
ought to be able to say something about
frte trade, the income tax, the attack on
the Supreme Court and the denial of the
right of the Federal Government to en
force its laws.
To-morrow evening at the Auditorium
Irving M. Scott will make an address to
ironworkers on their interests in the
political issues of the day, and as no one
has a better understanding of the iron
industry than this experienced builder of
great battle-ships his address will certainly
be one of the most notable of the cam
paign. Every ironworker should hear it,
and all in this City should arrange to do
so.
According to Mr. Newlands: "While
the Democratic party was responsible for
industrial disturbances in the past
through its reductions in the tariff, it cave
a guarantee as to the future against fur
ther industrial disturbance." If such a
guarantee was given it has never been
made public and cannot be found either
in the speeches or in the silence of the
Democratic candidate for the Presidency.
If anybody has that guarantee heought to
make it Known.
Mr. Taylor of Colorado told the truth at
Metropolitan Hall when he said: "We
have seen the farmer's product fall until
it no longer pays him to produce it; we
have seen the merchant close his doors
with the Sheriff inside; we have seen
2.000,000 earnest, patient, faithful wage
workers of this land tramp the highways
in search of work." But Mr. Taylor
should have added that we did not see it
until the Democratic party broke down
the protective tariff.
Compare the United Press dispatches in
Thk Call with those of the Associated
I're3s in the other morning papers of the
City and you will see why you must take
The Call if you wish to get all the news.
For example, the Associated Press
Tapers announced yesterday that the
Texas kad grounded upon a rock in New
port harbor and was stuck fast, while the
United Press gave in The Call the com
plete news that she had Btruck a sand
bank, but was pet free in a short time.
CATOR AND FUSION.
If Thomas V. Cator has not been duped
and deceived by the Democrats who ar
ranged with him the terms of Popocrat
fusion in tnis State he will be chosen
United States Senator if the fusionists
succeed in electing a majority of the next
Legislature. Mr. Cator was nominated
for Senator by the Populist convention,
and as the Democrats have no avowed
candidate he naturally regards himself a3
being the only candidate for that office
before the people on the fusion ticket
An interview with Mr. Cator published j
in The Call this morning gives a review I
of the situation in the fusion camp suf
ficiently clear to be understood by all.
Mr. Cator was asked : "Do yon mean to
say that the resolution to effect fusion
pledged the Democrats to favor the elec
tion of the nominee of the Populists for
the position of United States Senator?"
To this he replied : "No, Ido not mean to j
say that and do not wish to be understood I
that way. I think you will agree that I j
am the logical candidate for the United
States Senatorship from either side of t!;e
House, Democratic or Populist." In an- J
swer to the question, "Why do you think |
the Democrats will support you for the
United States Senatorship?" he answered,
"I find none of the leaders are hostile. I
also find that the rank and file are
friendly. The terms of fusion or union
under the resolution took in joint action
on Legislature, Congressmen and Presi
dent."
From these statements it is clear thst I
if the Democratic coquette has not said '.
yes to Mr. Cator's wooing she has at least j
smiled on his hopes and has not said no.
Mr. Cator believes himself to be the logi
cal candidate of the fusionists, and finding
the Democratio leaders are not openly
hostile while the rank and file are seem
ingly friendly, he advocates the fusion I
scheme with all the ardor of a frank and
unsuspecting nature which in its inno
cence of guile never doubts that logic will
rule in politics.
The people of California will have to
deal with the issue on the showing that
has been made public. It may be possible
and even probable that the Democratic
managers are fooling the frank, open
minded Populist who is trusting them.
If such be the case, however, it is not
known to the public. The voters of Cali
fornia, therefore, in the election of mem- i
bers of the Legislature, will have to decide I
whether they wish the State to be repre
sented in the United States Senate by a '
Senator who will vote with Peffer, Alien j
and Tillman or one who will vote with i
Allison, Sherman, Hoar and other stal
wart supporters of the party ©f Lincoln, J
Garfield aud Grant; whether California
will aid the vagaries of Populism or stand
for the well-tried policies of protection,
reciprocity and bimetallism.
There are reasons for believing the
fusion scheme proposes that Populists i
shall vote for Democrats for the State I
Senate, while Democrats shall vote for |
Populists to the Assembly. By this I
scheme the Senators who will hold over J
will help White to secure are-election two
years from now, and the Populist Assem
blymen will elect Cator this winter. There I
is therefore a double play in the came. It |
is a proposition of swapping one senator- '
ship for the other without regard to party j
principles or political measure?. Such a I
bargain makes one of the most important j
issues of the State campaign. No voter in ;
any legislative district can afford to ignore !
it. We cannot consent to have the great I
interests and industries of California mis- |
represented in the United States Senate
by a free-trade Democrat and a fiat-money
Populist. We must put none but Repub
licans on guard at Washington.
White Mr. Bryan say»: "My experiment of
free trade, or alt oj it I could act, has proved
disastrous; please try my experiment of a de
based currency, and perhaps that will suc
ceed," Major McKinley says: "Let us return
once more to the policies and the practice and
the measures which from Washington to Har
rison made this country the greatest, the freest,
the wealthiest, the most prosperous and the
lest for its people of any land in the world.' '
— Chauncey Depew.
A QUEER PROPOSITION.
Congressman Newlands of Nevada
asserted in his speech at Metropolitan
Hall la-t Wednesday evening that "while
the party (the Democratic) was respon
sible for industrial disturbance in the past
it gave a guarantee as to the future
against further industrial disturbance" by
agreeing to increase the tariff duties, and
as that party's platform upon the money
question is entirely satisfactory there is
no reason why every one should not vote
for Bryan. Mr. Newlands possesses a very
vivid imagination if he can satisfy his
mind that the Democratic party declares
for an increase in tariff duties to make up
deficiencies in revenue. He should read
the Chicago platform.
Mr. Bryan's whole public record shows
him to be a free-trader, and before he got
interested in the silver question he de
clared upon the floor of Congress that it
was the McKinJey tariff and that alone
which tad caused the industrial depression
and the consequent idleness of Romany
thousand working-people. When the
Wilson bill was pending he denounced it
because it did not make tariff duties low
enough. Mr. Bryan is the leader of the
free-traders in this country, and he would
no more agree to increase the tariff duties
than he would abandon the race for the
Presidency. Mr. Bryan believes, and has
bo announced himself time and again, that
trade between this and other countries
should be free, and that this Government
should levy an income-tax on the people
to raise money for the Nation's expense
account.
It 1b very curious that Mr. Newlands
should denounce the Democratic party for
being the cause of the industrial depres
sion which has nearly bankrupted the
whole country and then ask the people to
support its candidate for the Presidency,
especially so because every one knows
that the only objection any Democrat has
to the Wilson act is that it makes the
duties too high ana that Bryan says he
does not believe a tariff for even a little
protection can be justified. The fact of
the matter Is, Mf. Newlands is willing to
sacrifice everything to the free coinage of
silver. Apparently he would rather see
the fires drawn in every industry and the
entire working class in idleness than to
see the mints closed to the free coinage of
silver.
The difference between the advantage
the people would gain by the adoption of
Mr. Newlands 1 policy and the adoption of
the policy of the Republican party is this:
Mr. Newlands" policy would trust the
Democrats to establish protection to our
industries in the face of the fact that
they have been opposing protection all
their lives. He would run the risk of
having an income-tax law fastened upon
the country and he would help assault
the judiciary for the privilege of having
silver accepted at the mints for free an,l
unlimited coinage.
The Republican party's policy would be
to first open the industries to labor, so
that we might have prosperity in all the
walks of lite. Instead of levying an in
come tax it would oblige foreign goods
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, IBU6.
and wares to pay enough for the privilege
of enterine our markets to provide for the
Government's expense?. It would open
the mints to silver after it had agreed
with commerce that silverand gold should
be accepted as redemption money at the
option of the debtor. It should not re
auire a great deal of common-sense to see
that the Republican party's policy is
belter every way than the policy of the
Bryan-Newlands-Altgeld combine.
" You know that the financial policy laid
I down in Chicago means individual and Na-
J tional bankruptcy, distress and dishonor.
j You know that its promises are false, its prem
ises delusive, its consequence* ruinous. You
know that it means the wreck of life and fire
insurance comvanies, trust companies, sav
ings banks, banks of deposit, building and
loan associations and monetary institutions to
an enormous extent throughout the country.
You know that it means vast loss to the very
j m?n it is intended to hire, and, above all
I others, the farmer and workingmen." — An-
I drew D. White.
NEW YORK DEMOCRACY.
The New York Democracy in conven-
tion yesterday turned all the old leaders
to the wall, repudiated its declarations of
last June, and not only swallowed the
Chicago platform, but declared it to be
the most thoroughly Democratic platform
that was ever written. Last June the
party declared for the gold standard until
international bimetallism could be se
cured, and indorsed the administration of
President Cleveland, but now it swings
just as far to tl<e other extreme. It can
not be said that this is an unusually in
consistent proceeding, for if the party
were ever consistent it would not be Dem
ocratic.
But Tammany is smart, and its schemes
are hard to understand, but it is safe to
say that McKinley will carry the Btate by
a larger majority than was ever before
given to any candidate. The positive de
claration of the convention for Bryan, if
it was sincerely made, will drive all the
sound-money Democrats to Palmer di
rectly and to McKinley indirectly. Such
a combination would give the Republican
candidate a safe majority even if the
State were otherwise doubtful, which it is
not.
The first plank of the Buffalo platform
is too positive in its protestations of the
party's loyalty to Bryan and his platform.
It is not Democratic to stand so entirely
committed, and Mr. Bryan's managers
may be sure there is something wrong
somewhere. But whatever Tammany has
in view, or whatever combinations may be
offered by the Democracy, New York will
give its electoral vote to McKinley in any
event, for if Bryan is to be traded he will
lose the State, and if Tammany works
honestly for him the Cleveland, Hill and
Whitney following will use their power
and influence for Major McKinley. So far
as the electoral vote is concerned, the ac
tion of the Buffalo convention, whether it
all was a trick or not, settles the question
of how the Btate will go. The State of
New York is as safe for the Republican
candidate as Vermont or Mama is.
"It is immaterial in my judgment whether
Ihe sheep-grower has any benefit from the tariff
»r not. Whether he does or does not; whether
the wool manufacturer collects a compensa'
'ory duty from the consumer of woolen goods
and pays it over to the wool-grower, or collects
it and keeps it himself, or doesn't collect it at
ill, and therefore doesn't need it, lam for
free wool." — William J. Bryan.
HIS PREMISES ARE WRONG.
In his speech at Metropolitan Hall
Wednesday evening, Mr. M. P. Taylor of
Colorado, a free-silver Bryanite, got his
premises all wrong, and consequently
| his deductions were misleading. Like
a great many other people, he blames
the act demonetizing silver with caus
ing Dusiness conditions that are at
tributable to other causes. It was a mis
take to suspend silver coinage in 1873, but
| it was a mistake which the Republican
party is pledged to rectify and it can be
relied upon to do it. Mr. Taylor said :
"We have seen the farmer's product fall
and fall until it no longer pays him to pro
duce it; we have seen the merchant close
nis doors with the Sheriff inside: we have
seen 2,000,000 earnest, patient, faithful
wageworkers of this land tramp the high
ways of this country in search of work."
Mr. Taylor does not overdraw his pic
i ture of the distress of the people, but he
mistakes the cause. Silver was demone
tized in 1873, but the conditions of which
Mr.Tayior speaks did not obtain until Dem
ocratic free trade prevailed twenty years
later. The collapse of banks, the closing
of commercial houses, the shutting down
I of mills and factories, and the sending of
thousands of workingmen into idleness
dates not from 1873 but from 1893. Until
! the Democratic party rjecan to introduce
I its hurtful and discouraging policy into
j the conduct of the Government, there was
peace and plenty everywhere, because
every one who wanted employment could
i get it at most satisfying wages.
It is very true, as Mr. Taylor says, that
there has been great shrinkage in the
value of farm products, but for the most
{ part the shrinkage has been sustained in
very recent years. In 1892 our farmers
averaged nearly %l r y a ton for their grain
and a little less than 59 60 a ton in 1895.
This shrinkage was equal to nearly $387,
-i 000,000; that is to say, the farmers in what
ore called the great gram States received
$387,000,000 less for their cereals in 1895
than they did in 1892. Now, if the com
parison were made to include all farm
I products of all sections, including wool,
cotton, etc., the totals would show an
enormous loss, but it was from shrinkage
in value which began twenty years after
the suspension of silver coinage in 1873.
Between the passage of the Morrill
j tariff act in 1862 and the repeal of the Mc-
Kinley act in 1893, the material wealth of
the country multiplied itself four times
over; moreover there was not only a steady
advance in wages to labor, but there was
j employment for all who desired it. In
this same period the farming interests
grew upon strong lines, and generally
j speaking prices for farm products were
j highly remunerative. The fact is, the
j distress which Mr. Taylor talks about was
j born of free trade and not of the act of
i 1873, as the census reports and other of
j licial statistical information clearly prove.
I am quite as much, however, opposed to
cheapening the American workingman and
workingwoman as I am ti> cheapening our
aohart. lam quite as strongly in favor of
keeping day's work at home, as 1 am gold dol
lars.—Ex-President Harrvson.
OBJECT-LESSON IN PROTECTION.
A correspondent of the New York
Tribune now traveling in Germany writes
his paper as follows: '• Wherever the
traveler eoes he finds contented faces.
Every one seems to have work to do.
Every factory is running on full time.
Tne streets are astir with bustle and
activity. New foundries, factories and
mills are in process of erection in every
industrial center, and building operations
are in progress on a large scale In «very
important town. The Fatherland to-day
is fairly pulsating with renewed energy.
Its fortunes have revived, and it has be
come a tremendous power in the modern
working world."
In 1879 Germany decided to adopt the
protective tariff system, witn no subse
quent tinkering to please party factions.
Bismarck had watched the operation of
protection in the United States, and his
conclusions were that it was the correct
system of government to make a nation
rich and powerful; bnt he saw, too, that
when a schedule of import duties had
been established it should not be made a
subject of attack for political purposes,
and so no one thinks ot amending the
tariff act of Germany, except as new trade
conditions or inventions make a change
advisable, and then it is done to strengthen
the industries. The consequence has
been that there is very little social or po
litical friction growing out of the opora
tion of the law.
As in the United States, a very large
percentage of the product of the sev
eral industrial enterprises of Germany
is consumed at home, but still there is a
surplus that has to seek markets in other
countries. When it was discovered that
tnere must be an outlet for the overpro
duction, the Government immediately set
to work to establish a merchant marine,
and now, after about seventeen years of
protection, Germany looms up as a great
industrial nation with a merchant marine
sailing every sea. But, what is more, the
individual wealth of the inhabitants is
growing at a pace that makes the people
contented with their surroundings and
correspondingly attached to the govern
ment. There is no doubt at all that to
protection more than any other public
policy is Germany indebted for her na
tional strength and individual wealth.
It is surprising that a citizen of this
country should be found opposing pro
tection, home markets and a merchant
marine when such a policy has made
Germany one of the greatest industrial
nations in the world with a demand
for all kinds of labor that is equal to the
supply in seventeen years. The lesson
that all this teaches us is that we want a
protective tariff law as a principle of gov
ernment without the shadow of politics
ever crossing its path.
PERSONAL.
G. H. Cruisan of Salem, Or., la at the Grand.
The Rev. P. Smith of Merced is at the Com
mcrciii.
A. H. Buck of Mazatlan, Mexico, arrived here
yesterday.
W. F. Peterson, a merchant of Sacramento, Is
I in the City.
F. J. Mason, a fruit-grower of Newcastle, la
on a visit nere.
J. F. Fraser, a business man of Lakeport, is a
recent arrival here.
G. McM. Ross, a mine-owner of Burns Valley,
is at the Occidental.
A. H. Odell, owner of mining Interests in
Montana, Is at the Russ.
G. W. Chrisman, the well-known resident of
Ventura, is on a visit here.
H. A. Preston, a mine-owner of Janestown,
Tuolumne County, is In town.
Allen B. Lemmon, editor and owner of the
Santa Rosa Republican, is in the City.
J. West, a business man of Cathlamet, la at
the Occidental accompanied by his wife.
Charles I. Marshall, a merchant of Everett,
Wash., is among the recent arrivals here.
W. s. Kwing, a miner of Cooks Inlet, Alaska,
is among the arrivals at the International.
J. T. Smith, a mine-owner of Greenwood, El
Dor&do County, is here for a few days' stay.
J. R. Hebron of Salinas, ex-member of the
State Board of Equalization, is at the Grand.
Dave Harshfield, the wealthy pioneer mer
chant of Bakersfield, is in the City on a busi
ness trip and is staying at th« Lick.
R. G. Hart, founder of the town of Hart,
Shasta County, and one of the owners in the
Texas Consolidated mine and of stores and
other interests, is here on a business trip.
A. C. Van Dorn, who for about five years has
lived in Juneau, Alaska, where he has carried
on a large merchandizing business, was one
of the arrivals at the Commercial yesterday.
He is here on a business trip and will stay
several weeks.
General Oliver Roberts, the well-known
mining superintendent, is In the City for a
few days. The extensive company with which
General Roberta is connected has several
properties under process of development,
among them being the Golden West, a promis
ing mine near Forbeatown, and the Sterrett
ledge, near Cisco, as well as claims In Trinity
County and old Mexico.
Anent a story tnat Lloyd Osborne, stepson of
the late Robert Louis Stevenson, had been ap
pointed British Vice-Consul at Apia, Samoa,
Consul-General Warburton of this City yester
day said he had no knowledge of it if such
had been done. But he added that he would
not be notified of tt anyway, and might be
one of the last to know of it except from the
consular books when printed. He said the
post would be a very poor one financially. 1.
B. Cusack- Smith is the British Consul of
Samoa, and Sir John B. Thurston, K. C. M. G.,
is Consul-General for the whole Pacific islands.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 17.-At the West
minster, F. 8. Arnold; Continental, J.S. Hatch:
Union, L Trowbridge.
MISSES' FOUR-GORED SKIRT.
A graceful skirt for misses which will retain
its shape Is shown here. It has a front gore,
one gore on either side and one gore in the
back, which is gathered at the top.
All materials may be made afttfr this model
which Is suitable for separate skirts or for cos
tumes with waist or jacket to match. All the
fullness is gathered at the back, the front and
sides fitting smoothly.
A skirt of plaid is useful to wear with extra
waists. One of blue and brown, with narrow
lines of black, yellow and pale green, had a
waist of plain brown cloth, made in Norfolk
shape, having two box pleats back and front.
A more dressy waist, to be worn with the same
skirt, had a short bolero of dark blue velvet.
Below this was a wide belt of pale green silk,
with a folded collar of the same. At the open
ing in front of the bolero was a full vest ot
blue chiffon over the green silk. The sleeves
were of me plaid, with a little cape-like top of
the blue velvet.
Mixed goods are the rage this season, and
one cannot make a mistake in getting nny
fabric with a rough surface and numberless
bright colors interwoven.
Plain skirts of serge, covert Cloth and ladies'
cloth are much us>ed for skirts, with jackets to
match, being worn either with blouse fronts
or with a silk waist.
WORSE THAN THE DISEASE.
Pasadena News.
We remember to have read in some old book,
somewhere, the following epitaph, said tobave
been engraved upon a tombstone of one de
parted: "I was well, w^hed to be better; took
physic and died." This, we think, is a good
representation of the condition of this coun
try, except that we are not dead by a loug
shot, as the 3d of November will prove. So if
we paraphrase it this way It will fit us exactly:
'I was well, but tnought I wanted to bo better;
took a dose of free-trade medicine and have
been kicking and cursing myself ever since."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
The people who are interviewed each day In
the papers sometimes have queer experiences
w'tlx men who call on them to gather further
information on the subject discussed iv the
Interview.
The miners who have made big strikes, ex
plorers, hunters of big game, travelers and
men of all sorts who have strange, oftentimes
tnriiling, experiences, such as The Call regu
larly publishes, are not infrequently visited
by not only persons who take a friendly inter
est in them, but by the purely curious. Others,
for personal reasons, desire to learn more by a
direct meeting with the principal in the story.
Yet others have personal gain as an object.
If a miner nas found a Donanza and made a
fortune, or if a visitor has met witn a streak of
luck, of any kind, he is often the recipient
of calls from men who have snaps which tliey
Selling a Qaim at the Palace by Aid of Visiting Cards*
are perfectly willing to divide up on for a
surprisingly low amount of money— that is,
provided a large sum is not to be had.
Consequently the hotel clerks need grace,
for when tho promoters of different kinds
begin the first part of their negotiations they
do it by sending cards to such guests. It
means work for the dest force.
The City is full of promoters of different
kinds. Some of these have mining claims to
sell, so they send up cards. If one man is not
In, probably another Is. They keep the cards
going, for it does not coat anything but time to
see a man who is reputed to nave a pot of
money. If they catch on it pays well, and ii
they don't they don't lose anything. "
Many are the maledictions heaped on the
small army of men who in a week thus invade
the caravansaries. Still, that is what the desk
force is paid for, so the card senders allege.
Both act quietly. There are no words on
either side, but sometimes there is hard
breathing.
"There is one person," said one of the lores
at the Palace a day or two ago, "who has
come for days and has sent up card after
card regularly. He has some sort of mining
property to sell and he learns from the papers
the names of people whom he supposes might
buy. He always has a big list. If word
comes down that one man Isn't in he sends up
to another. This he continnes till he exhausts
his list or gets to see somebody."
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
Bryan doesn't "go without saying."— Los
Angeles Express.
Possibly the reason Candidate Bryan doesn't
produce a beard is because the producers are
so ground down by the gold standard.— Kansas
City Journal.
Parson Stultzke haa postponed the mil
lenium fifty days. That is something like it.
McKinley will be elected along about that
time.— Kansas City Journal.
General Buckner surrendered to General
Grant at Fort Donelson. He will surrender
with more cheerfulness to Major McKinley in
November.— Springfield (Mass.) Union.
Another $10,000,000 deficit in the National
Treasury is scored up for the month of August.
If the Wilson tailff law is not a failure, won't
some good free-trade Democrat tell us what
revenue law ever cost us more?— New York
Mail and Express.
Li Hung Chang says he is "Impressed by the
welfare and prosperity of the American peo
ple" ; and yet these are what we call hard
times. Let him return after McKinley's elec
tion if he wants to see the country at its best.—
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
The only difference between Bryan of Ne
braska and Opdyke of Nebraska, the crank.
who called at Cornelius Vanderbilt's house
and demanded $1,000,000 to "elevate the
masses by free Bilver," is that Opdyke is more
direct in his methods.— Newark Advertiser.
In 1802 Mr. Bryan declared that the protec
tive tariff was the cannibal tree eating up the
substance of the fanners. It is fair to presume
from his speeches of 1896 thai he is not much
of a woodsman, though he always expects to
find the sap running in the farmers.— St. Louis
Globe- Democrat.
If Brother Bryan will turn to the Book of
Ecclesinstes, fifth chapter and tenth verse— and
the Globe-Democrat will, for this purpose, lend
him a copy of the Bible if he will deposit two
16 to 1 dollars as security for the return of the
same— he. will find these words: "He that
loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver,
nor he that loveth abundance with increase ;
this is also vanity."— St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat. ■ «____«______
—■■MM ■ ■—!!»■ If lin ■■ I I n, ■ .
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
Willie Hohenxollern has taken to painting
pictures. The law against lese majeste pro
tects him from the consequences he wonld
otherwise Incur. — Cincinnati Commercial-
Tribune.
General Roy Stone, the head of the Govern
ment Road Department, who has become
prominent for his advocacy of steel highways,
announces that he is ready to deliver an ad
dress on roads, tree ot charge, at county fairs
this fall.
The Swedish composer, Ivar Hallstroem,
whose ''Duke and Mermaid" was the first
Swedish national opera, recently celebrated
the seventieth anniversary of his birth.
Among those who sent congratulations was
Carmen Sylva.
Mr. Edison, the great inventor, receives
many amusing letters. Not long ago he was
startled by an epistle from a young lady, ask
ing if he could uot invent an electrical con
trivaDce that would enable her to see the face
of her future husband.
Senator George P. Hoar of Massachusetts,
who is now in Germany, is 70 years of age.
•'lt Is difficult," says the Worcester Spy, in no
ticing tbe anniversary, "to realize that Massa
chusetts' senior Senator has reached his three
score and ten. If anybody In public life has
mastered the art of growing old gracefully it
is George Frisbie Hoar."
A steady, hard-working man is the Duke of
Devonshire, his sole relaxation being a gallop
in the morning, shooting twice a week, a
couple of rubbers of whist in the evening for
shilling points and the rest of the day devoted
to official duties and looking after his vast
estates.
In 1865 four lads occupied the tame room on
the ground floor of the first division of cadet
barracks at West Point. Siace then they have
made their names more or less well known in
current American literature. They are Cap
tnin Charles King, Arthur Sherburne Hardy,
John Brisben Walker and Richard Henry
Savage.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
San Francisco Mini— a. S., City. During
the year 1894 there was coined $1,260,000 in
standard dollars and in 1895 $400,000.
California and Germany— P. M., Sacra
mento, Cal. The area of California in square
miles is 158,360 and that of Germany is
208,670.
Around the Horn— F. C. S., Sacramento,
Cal. The sailing distance from San Francisco
to New York via Cape Horn is 13,610 miles by
the usual route.
No Such Donation— J. P. 8., Auburn, CaL
There has not been any donation of $10,000,
-000 to the National Republican Committee to
aid the election of McKinley and Hob art
Raise Youb Hat — Subscriber, Ferndale,
Humboldt County, Cal. If, when walking with
your wife or any lady, gentlemen friends
raise their fiats to the lady in passing, etiquette
requires that you should raise yours.
Temperature — Subscriber, Ferndale, Hum
boldt County, Cal. The mean temperature in
London during December, 1894, was 45;
in January, 1895, 37, and in February 83:
December 6it was 31 ; January 29 it was 21.
Hypnotism — Miss If., Petaluma, Cal. By
writing to any first-class bookseller you will be
furnished a list of books on hypnotism. There
are physicians in this city who trent by hyp
notism and who would probably help an am
bitious young lady in Investigating tne sci
ence, but this department cannot advertise
them.
In Banking Business— Subscriber, Ferndale,
Humboldt County, CaL The department of
Answers to Correspondents is not for the pur
pose of advising people how they can best
Invest their money, ana for that reason can
not tell you whether it would be of advantage
for you to join the banking company pro
posed.
Tuolumne County— C. N. D., City. Tuolumne
County has a good standing as a mining
county and is probably as good a one as any
in the State for a prospector to work in. A
prospector ought to secure an outfit for about
$25. The fare to Sonora in that county is
$3 85 by rail to Oakdale ana from there by
stage $4.
Jusncx op th« Peace— Subscriber, City. As
to eligibility to tho office of Justice of the
Peace in this State, section 103 of the Code of
Civil Procedure says: "No person shall be
eligible to the office of Justice of the Peace in
auy city haviug over 10.000 inhabitants who
has not beeu admitted to practice law in a
court of record."
Beet Sugar— A Call Reader, St. Helena, Cal
A beet-sugar factory was established in Cali
fornia before one was put in operation in the
State of Nebraska. There are two beet-sugar
factories in Nebraska, one at Grand Island
and the other at Norfolk. In 1895 California
produced between forty-five and fifty million
pounds of beet sugar, while Nebraska during
the same period produced about two million
pounds.
Succession— Jones, City. If a woman mar
ries a man and the woman dies, there being
no issue, and she not having left a will, the
estate goes one half to the surviving husband
and the other half to the decedent's father and
mother in equal shares. If there be no father
or mother, then one half goes in equal shares
to the brothers and sisters of the decedent and
to the children of any deceased brother lor sis
ter, by right of representation.
The American Flag in Lincoln, Nebr.— H.
C. S., City. After William J. Bryan's return
from Chicago, after being named for the Presi
dency, he was tendered a non-partisan recep
tion by the people of Lincoln, Nebr., his home
city. Among other decorations used was a
roughly drawn imitation of the American flag,
painted on the smooth stone sidewalks in
front of quite a number of business houses
These were laid on with cheap red, white and
blue kalsomine, and disappeared boon after
the celebration. It is probably out of this cir
cumstance that the story was created that the
people of the city named used the American
flag as a carpe \
FARMERS EAST AND WEST.
Bed lands Ci.rograph.
California farms are mortgaged for 24 per
cent of their assessed valuation, while New
York farms are mortgaged for 45 per cent of
their assessed valuation. This goes to show
that, while California farmers assert their in
alienable right to growl, they are twice as well
off as their New York state brethren. With the
Nicaragua canal open to commerce, our
farmers will soon wipe out their mortgage
debt and be the most prosperous farmers in the
world. And they should remember that the
Republican party is the only party that is
pledged to build and own the Nicaragua canaL
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Cashier at bank— You'll have to bring some
one lo identify you Defore we can cash this
check. Got any friends in the town ?
Stranger— No; I'm the dog license man.—
Comic Cats.
Scribbler— What did Poctas get for hia "Oda
to Fall"?
"Fractured skull, contusion of the neck,
dislocated rib and a slight abrasion of the left
ear."— Truth.
Boy, who has been patiently watching the
strange angler for about an hour— You ain't
caught anything, 'aye yer?
Stranger— No; not yet, my boy.
Boy— There wasn't no water in that pond till
it rained last night.— Tit-Bits.
"Deacon, there certainly was water in that
milk you sold us this morning."
"Muster been from that big yaller cow that
fell inter th' creek. Forgot ail about that"—
Detroit Free Press.
"Uncle Theophllus, what is an egotist?"
"He is a fellow that listens intently when he
is talking to you and never listens at all when
you are talking to him."— Detroit Free Press.
"And you say that the hailstones were as
large as hen eggs?"
"No," said tl\e cautious person, "they were
not quite that. They were, say, about the size
of boarding-house cantaloupes."— lndianapolis
Journal.
Lucy— Clara's honeymoon was completely
spoiled.
Alice— How?
Lucy— The papers containing the account of
the wedding did not reach her.— Brooklyn
Life.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
— •—• — » — .
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Praai
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
Husband's calcined magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark labels. *
The Best Beer.
Everard's Canada Malt Beer, EVerard's Eng
lish Alf-Alf. is the best malt production on
earth. Goldberg, Bowen & Co., agents. ♦
How the Chinese Will Vot«
Kedlands Citrograph.
After all the howl about the hundreds of
Cninese citizens who would vote at the coming
election, The Call says there are just seven'
teeu registered. That caper also adds that the
great majority will vote for Bryan and un
limited coinage of silver. China is on a silver
basis and 20 cents a day wage, and these
Chinese cannot see why the United States
should not do as China does.
Are Yon Going Kaat?
The Atlantic and Pacific Kail road— Snnta P«
ronte— ts the coolest and most, comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dost. Particularly adapted for tbe trans
portation of families because of it* palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and ii
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ban
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chroo
icle building. Telephone, Main 163 L Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
Great Bock Island Koine Flaying; Cards.
Send 12 cents In stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C R. L and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid.
Orders containing 60 cents in stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
"Mrs. Wlnslow'g Soothing Syrno"
Has been used over BO rears by millions of mothsri
for their children whim Teething with perfect si>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay.
Pain, enres Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels ail
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arista*
/rom teething or other causes. for sale by Drug
gists in every part or the world. Be surd and &>£
lor airs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, -'au «* ootUi.
CORON-Ano.— Atmosphere Is perfect!? Or*. *->*t
urci mild, being entirely free from tba mtsci com
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, bysia*m>
ship, Including fifteen days' board at tUa Uotat I*l
Coronado, $80: longer stay $'.: 50 per day. *i>j*f
4 .New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Whin your food has no relish the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dos«
or two of Ayer's Pills.
Woodman, Spare That Tree.
Los Anzeles Times
Touching the disregard of Callfornians for
their trees Professor Brewer oi Yale College
says: "When I was in California from 18(50 to
1864 1 was so impressed with the grandeur of
the magnificent sequoias of this State that I
have been lecturing about them ever since. I
have been blowing about the big trees of Cali
fornia all these years at the risk of my reputa
tion, and now I have come back here to find
that the giant pines and firs which I have de
scribed many times as towering hundreds of
feet in the air around the slopes of Mount
Shasta have been almost entirely obliterated.
I was never bo shocked in my life, aud as if
they couldn't get them down fast enough with
the axe they are blowing them out of the
ground with dynamite." Professor Brewer
very rightly believes that there is an alarming
need for legislation that will preserve Cali
fornia forests for the benefit of succeediuK gen
erations.
NEW TO-DAT.
\ Nature's 7
\ Best /
\ Tonic /
\ but not a stimulant; /
\ the refreshing, nour-'/
\ ishing,lif e .building /
\ qualities of the /
% cocoa bean put /
\ in a convenient /
\ form. /
GHIRARDELLI'S
COCOA
Made here— Always fresh; full
strength and purity guaranteed.
32 cups 25c. All Grocers.
(wildk a co., s. f.)
We say, "money back,"
"money back," "money
back" — but nobody wants
the money.
If our furniture was not
better than the money we
■ couldn't afford to say
" money back."
; California Furniture Company
, (N. P. C'OLB & CO.)
117 Geary Street. . __" "" .PBIDAY bKPTEMBEU 18, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAt.r>wTN- Thbatbr— "Madame Sans Gene."
ji-orxia Thiatrk.-" On the Bowery."
Coixmbia Tbeateb— "A Matrimonial Maze." i
Nobosco'b CiEBA-HotJ»» — "The Banger Signal"
Tivoi.l Opeba-H ousts.— -Hansel and GreteL"
OBPHEUM-HlKh-Class Vaudevllla.
AXCA2AK Thbatm.- "Ours."
6BTRO Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcßoox the CHtJTiw—Dally «a Jialght street,
cue block east of the Park.
Mechanics' Institute Pavilion—
ninth Industrial Exposition.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Fishing Excttbsiox— To Cordell Banks, Satur- |
day, September 19.
Family Kxcuksiox— To Camp Taylor, Sunday,
t?ep;ember 20. •
Excursion— To the Golden Gate, Sunday, Sep-
tember 20. i ■ »-
AUCTION SALE&
By Ikdian-a Auction Co.-Thls day (Friday).
furniture, etc., at 1067 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
By Kbaxx W. BrTTKßFixi.n— day (Frl-
<_y), Delicacy Store, at 602 Market street, at
8 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Tracer and Greene have agreed to postpone
their fistic entertainment.
Three union bafeers sued Deavitt & Dalyyei
terday for malicious prosecution.
Cloudy and threatening weather, with high
w inds, is what is promised for to-day.
The Grand Jury presented its final report to
Judge Slack yesterday and was discharged.
Rev. M. Dupuy has commenced a course of
French lectures at the First Unitarian Church.
The local club of anarchists has sent funds
to help to bring out Louise Michel and i'ietro
Gori.
The Fish Commissioner's deputies have
made many arrests for illegal fishing within
the past week.
Leo deCordonawas indicted by the Grand
Jury yesterday tor obtaining money under
lalse pretenses.
French patTiots will celebrate the one hun
dred and fourth anniversary of the French Re
public on Sunday.
Last night's rally of the West End Republi
can Club at the chutes was a magnificent
popular demonstration.
An enthusiastic meeting of the festival com
mittee in connection with the Youths' Direc
tory was held last night.
Vining's eccentricities regarding the run
ning of tfce cars on Kentucky street sorely per
plexes the traveling public.
Jimmy Britt and Frank Lawlor fought
tweniy-eignt rounds wish bare knuckles in tne
Mission yesterday morning.
Forty out of the hundred delegates to the
American Protective Association municipal
convention bolted last night.
The final report of the Grand Jury points out
wane, extravagance and incompetency in
several municipal departments.
The Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., who is to
supply the pulpit of the First Congregational
Church, is on ms way to this City.
Mechanics about the Union Iron Works are
overjoyed at the good luck of getting the con
tract to build a mau-of-ivar for Uncle Sam.
Demetrius U. Camariuos, former proprietor
of the Spnrta ana a well-known Bohemian, is
lying at death's door at the French Hospital.
Work is about to be begun on a fine new
$25,000 Masonic temple 10 be erected on Mis
sion street by Mission Lodge Js"o. 169. F. aud
A.M.
S. H. Howland, an old Jackson miner, says j
some gamblers tried to bunco him at 20 Bddy
street, and he prevented it by drawing his
revolver.
Fire Marshal Towe yesterday continued his
investigation into the suspicious fire in the
saloon 311 Bush street, early Wednesday '
morning.
The woman suffragists are polling the vot- !
Ing precincts of the City, with a view to ascer
taining the probable strength of the vote lor
amendment 6.
Yesterday's meeting of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals adjourned
out of respect to the memory oi the late Mrs.
Jacob Z. Davis.
Mamie Conn, living In the Milton House,
corner Third and Howard streets, attempted to
commit suicide last evening by taking a dose
of sugar oi lead.
Yee Kee, a Chinese merchant, was stabbed
in the It; ft breast by Wong Won, a Chinese
highbinder, at Washington and Dupont
streets last nighs.
Under the provision of the county govern
ment act the County Clerk's ana Sheriff's
cflices will hereafter have to remain open un
til 5 p. M. each day.
Superintendent Flint of the railway mail
service tins issued a warning to the public, to
the effect that Uncle Sam's mail must not be
retarded by any one.
W. E.'Flagg and several companions, who
•went to Cooks Inlet last April, have returned
here. They had 110 void and do not speak
highly of tue country.
yesterday Judge McKenna of the United
States Circuit Court failed to appear at Justice
of the Peace Groezinger's court In answer to a
summons to give testimony.
The British ship L<nta is the only one of the
"tied up" British fleet left in Richardsons
Bay. She will be muvud out next week and
Vi ill load wheat for England.
Ernest Barada and Bcsste Branson, ar
rested on a dispatch from Santa Monica for
burgiary, were taken back there yesterday by
Marsnal Dexter and a deputy.
John Collins, longshoreman, was yesterday
held by Judee Campbel l to answer before the
Superior Court for the murder ot Mrs. Marga
ret Crowley, 315 Beale street.
The charges of threats to kill and exhibiting
a deadly weapon against S. F. Hughes, drug
gist, preferred by Phillip Ward, were dismissed
by Judge Campbell yesterday.
The Merchants' Association desires to make
experiments in street-paving with wood from
the Australian eucalyptus trees. This pave
ment has proved a success in Sydney.
F. M. Thompson, president of the district
council of the Carpeuters and Joiners' Union,
Bwore to a complaint yesterday charging C. K.
Schadd, district organizer, with embezzle
ment.
Rev. Father Flood's flock gathered around
him last night in Sacred Heart Cfiurch, on
Fell street, to arrange for a fair to be held next
month for the purpose of securing funds to
build a new church.
Achilla Waldteufel. general manager of the
Catholic Art and Book Company, 723 Market
ctreet, wes found dead in the parlors of his
Jiome, 414 Van Nes-s avenue, yesterday morn
ing. The gas was turned on, supposed to be
the resuit of an accident.
Thomas Hutchinson, who was convicted for
grand larceny and sentenced to life imprison
ment, went away on the steamer Alameda yes
terday. Hutchiuson's sentence was commuted
because a woman swore that it was she
who stole the money and not the convict.
Hutchinson was to have sailed on th.3 Mon
owai, but got drunk and missed his vessel.
Martin Kelly last night named John Hnnt.
E. D. Sawer, John F. Finu and Carroll Cook' as
his and Senator Maiioney's candidates for the
Superior Court. Judge Hunt's name was
hissed by several persons wno overheard Mr.
Kelly's remarks, and one of them inquired
why Mr. Kelly had not named Judge Hebbard.
Mr. Kelly replied with a gob of that silence
which is said to be golden.
SEW TO-DAT.
_-nrgssrar--*^_^ EVERY DOT
% N.PORE
BECOMES %:,,
Inflammation WJ
and Irritation
eet In causing >Vfcj|j
PIMPLES
Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
falling hair. The only preventive is
CUTICURA SOAP
because the only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Porks. .
Pile rreater than the combined catet of all ether (Ma
■ad complexion M«p*. Sold throughout th* . — orid.
Pottkb Dr.ta jkKD Chum. Co«p.. Boie Prop*., Boeton.
NT Scad for " Ilow to Prevent Facial £lc_l_cs," fro*,
NO DISENGAGED
VESSELS IN PORT
The Ship Lauriston Has
Finally Been Char
tered.
IN EICEAEDSONS BAY.
She Was the Last of the Un
employed English Fleet
Now in Port
WILL LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE
Thomas Hutcbinson, Just Out of San
Quentin, Got Away on the
Alameda.
The last of the English fleet will set
away from Sausalito in a few days. Less
than six weeks ago fourteen of the Brit
ishers were tied up in Richardsons Bay,
and not a soul knew when a charter-party
would arrive. Now no one knows when
the residents of Sausalito will see a similar
number of ships tied up opposite the most
picturesque spot in the bay of San Fran
cisco.
Of all the popular skippers who came to
San Francisco Captain Latta of the Lau
riston is one of the best liked. His vessel
arrived here on JuJy 26 last, and after dis
charging had to go out of commission, as
no one wanted to load her. She was taken
tofcausaiito and there joined the disen
gaged Meet. One after another the others
were chartered and, loading wheat, got
away for Europe. The Lauriston was left
alone at her anchorage. Finally Latta se
cured a charter, and he is now preparing
to leave Kichardsons Bay to load wheat
for Europe.
Quite a number of entertainments were
held on tbe ships while they were laid up,
and the various charities in Sausalito will
suffer on account of their departure. The
Lauriston, the last of the fleet, will leave
Richardsons Bay in a few days to load
wheat for the United Kingdom.
When the Monowai sailed last month to
Australia, Thomas Hutcbinson was a pas
senger in the steerage. He had been con
victed of grand larceny and was sentenced
to life imprisonment. Later, a woman,
who thought she was dying, confessed
that she, and not Hutchinson, had robbed
the sailor whom tiie convict was accused
of having relieved of all his spare casb.
The matter was referred to Governor
Budd, and lie pardoned young Hutchin
son. He was put aboard the Monowai,
but got drunk and wandered away. He
missed bis ship and was rearrested. Yes
terday Warden Hale pnt him aboard him
self and put three of bis deputies on
I watch to see that the young man did not
make another outbreak. When the Aia
meda sailed Hutchinson was seated on a
pile of lumber and gratefully waved an
adieu to Detective Stiiweii and half a
dozen otbers who had aided in securing
his release.
Hundreds of tons of cargo was left be
hind, but among that taken away, strange
to say, was 100 tons of bicycles. The
latter secured the first call by being first
on the ground, and canned goods were
left behind because the vessel was full
when they arrived.
The schooner Ivy sailed again last
night. Captain Murcbison, late of the
Fannie Adele. went out as master in place
of Captain Holland, who was lost over
board.
A whale was seen in the bay yesterday.
The mammal sported around tbe steamers
T. C. Walker, City of Stockton and Sunol
and made friends with the Three Broth
eis. The chances are that he wiil disport
himseil in the bay to-day and passengers
en tbe Tiburon and Sausalito ferries will
have a good view of the leviathan while
in motion.
The Alert started last night with the
schooner Volant in tow for thd wreck of
the Colombia. Four of the steamer's
boilers have been taken out and landed in
San Francisco and two, more have been
placed on lighters. The Bchoo er will
take them aboard and bring them to San
Francisco. Then the work 01 breaKing
up the hull will beein.
The German bark Rohilla, Captain
Hoyer. sails to-day for Xoyo to load red
wood for London. The Assel loaded at
the same port, and these are tbe only two
veesels that have ever taken redwood to
Europe from Noyo direct, lied wood lum
ber is much in demand in the English
market just now.
A. K. Pryor of Piper-Aden-Goodall
Company, came back from Valiejo yester
day. He says that as the Southern Pacific
is keeping spotters at work on their boats,
they intend putting spotters on the rail
road's trains and transports. Lively times
should follow around Washington and
Mission street wharves. The Southern
Pacific rate by train to Valiejo is $1, and
by steamer 25 cents. Piper-Aden-Goodall
Company are carrying all and sundry- on
tho Sunol at 10 cents. Hence the trouble.
To-day Prygr will pose as a spotter on the
s;eamer Herald.
The schooner Premier and the bark
Harry Morse both got in from tbe can
neries yesterday. Tne former reports the
death of three Chinese during tbe trip.
No report was made from the Harry
Morse, and the vessel was not allowed to
dock, pending an investigation. Just what
is the matter remains to be seen, but the
chances are that all the Chinese who died
on the Premier died from natural causes.
HELD FOR MURDER.
! Result of the Preliminary Examination
of John Collins, Long
shoreman.
The preliminary examination of John
Collins, longshoreman, charged with the
murder of Mrs. Margaret Crowley, 315
Beale street, was held before Judge Camp
bell yesterday.
The evidence was similar to that Riven
at the Coroner's inquest. Collins was in
Mrs. Crowley's house on the night of
August 22. They were drinking, and Col
lins struck one of Mrs. Crowley's chil
dren. Mrs. Crowley interfered and Collins i
knocked her down, kicked her and choked
her. She was taken to tbe City and
County Hospital, where it was found her
left leg was broken and she was suffering
from abdominal injuries. She died on
August 31 and Dr. Barren, who made the
autopsy, attributed her death to peri
tonitis.
The defense tried to show tbat Mrs.
Crowley was not knocked down by Col
lins, but fell, breaking her leg. It was
not attempted to explain how she died
from peritonitis, as Dr. Barrett had testi
fied it could not have been caused by the
broken lejr.
The Judge decided to bold Collins to
answer before the Superior Court on the
charge of murder. His attorney asked
that bonds be fixed for Collins' release
and tbe Judge said he would give his de
cision to-morrow on that point.
» ♦ — m
Trunks Moved 25 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Butter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks lor us.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
The British Ship Lauriston as She Appeared Off SaosaKto Yesterday. A Month Ago She "Was Surrounded by a Fleet of Fourteen
Vessels and Now She Is the Only One Left. AJI the Others Have Been Chartered, and as Captain Latta Hay Finally Secured
His Figure He Also Will Move Out in a Few Days.
AN OLD MINER
DRAWS HIS GUN
S. H. Howland Teaches
"Sure-Thing" Men Sev
eral Tricks.
WOULD NOT BE BUNKOED
A Story That Recalls the Ven
tures of Planter Campbell
of Honolulu.
HOPED INTO A GAMBLING-DEN
By Polling a S ; x-Shooter He Forces
His Captors to Allow Him
to Escaps.
6. H. Rowland, the well-known mining
man from Jackson, Amador County, who
is now staying at the Grand Hotel, had an
adventure with several strangers last
"Wednesday in a room on Eddy street that
reminds him of tde Winthrop affair.
However, tbe fellows caugbt the old Cali
fornia miner with a big six-shooter in his
hand and the game stopped short, not to go
again. They decoyed him to the room as
Millionaire Campbell was decoyed, but
there were no chains and handcuffs and,
unfortunately, no arrests.
The story of Mr. Howland's ventures is
as follows: About two weeks ago How
land was strolling along the sidewalk,
near the Grand Hotel, when he was ac
costed by a brisk young man, who asked
the way to the park. He was a total
stranger, he said, and when he received
the required information he disappeared.
Several days afterward he again accosted
Howland at the door of the hotel and was
again after information. He had a lottery
ticket, which he said had won $45 and he
must get it cashed in Oakland. How
could he reach Oakland, ho asked.
Three or four days later he aeain ap
peared to the old miner as that gentleman
was taking his customary stroll along New
Montgomery street, and in a flippant man
ner stated that he had to get his ticket
cashed at 20 Eddy street, as the Oakland
agent wanted to charge him $5 commis
sion for collection. Again he was mud
dled as to localities around the City, he
was such a stranger, and asked where Eddy
street was. He was told to go to the
Baldwin ana any one there could direct
him aright.
"Ob, I don't know where the that
Baldwin is," he answered profanely.
"Suppose you take a walk up there with
me? he asked. "I don't like tne way
these bunkoing lottery chaps are act
ing."
The man who had gone through some of
the hardest places in the West was not
biting at every hook that swung in his
reach, but feeling able to take care of him
self he concluded to stand in and raise the
young fellow's ante with a full hand of
lead if there was any game.
They entered the building at 20 Eddy
street, ond in a small room found — as he
expected — a gainbline-table with several
hard- looking customers betting and win
ning "dead loads" of money. He noticed
tbat his companion flung the door, shut
the lock, springing with a click, but he
said nothing, while the ticket-chap
began with a great show of irri
tability to negotiate for his $45. He
was put off on one pretext and
another and after many hard words on
both sides was induced to take half of the
money and the rest be stated in the game.
He professed not to understand the game,
but recklessly bucked the unknown
"ti<:er," winning until he had $1000 to his
credit in the bank. All the time the old
miner, who had sat near the door with liis
band on the bidden "Colt," was asked to
go into the gajne and wia a fortune like
wise. Presently they lost patience with
him ami be^an to make threatening
demonstrations. Their manner became so
fervent that be concluded to raise the
auto, which he did with the cold "six."
"Now, you (the laneuage was not
very elegant, as an old California miner's
vocabulary is not drawing-room diction),
I've had enough of this, and if you don't
unlock this door I'll kill that bifz
dealing tbose cards, and then I'll go down
tho line, and when I get through the
Coroner will have a job that will last him
all day. I haven't kicked around White
Pine, Virginia City. Leadville and Tomb
stone for years not to see througn your
raw work before the cards were sbulHed.
Unlock tbat door, and quick, too!"
It was opened.
And the old gentleman settled his gun
back in Uis trousers pocket as he walked
down the stairs to the street Ana he
smiled sottly to himself and muttered
something about "best mid plans," etc.
Howland was in charge of the first
Pullman train that came across the con
tinent in the early seventies. It was
switched on to the Fourth-street car
track and was run up on Market street to
Montgomery where the passengers — the
Boston Board of Trade — were landed and
the splendid coaches exhibited to the
people of ban Francisco.
WARNING THE PUBLIC.
Superintendent Flint Says Uncle Sam's
Mall Must Not Be Obstructed or
Retarded.
Thfl following letter from Superintend
ent Flint of the railway mail service is
self-explanatory :
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 17, 1896.
The general public has been notified through
the press that a railway postoffice service has
been established in the City of Ban Francisco
for the purpose of enhancing the delivery and
dispatch of mail from all portions of the City
contiguous to the lines over which said service
has been established. A time card lias been
made upon which these cars will run. In order
to have the public served in the bestpossible
manner it is absolutely necessary that the
schedule as made should be closely adhered to
in the running of these cars.
la this connection I would invite the atten
tion of the public to section 694 of the postal
laws and regulations of 1893 In relation to
penalty for obstructing the malls, which is fol
lows:
"Any person who shall knowingly and ■will
fully obstruct or retard the passage of the
mail, or any carriage, horse, driver, or carrier
carrying tho same, shall, for every such offense,
be punishable by a flue ef not more than one
hundred dollars." (Revised Statutes, 3995.)
I think it will only be necessary to call the
attention of the public to this section in
order to have all Dersons traversing the streets
of San Francisco give these cars free passage
way over such streets, to prevent detention to
the United States mail*. Very respectfully,
Samuel Flint, Superintendent
Another new printing press will be added
to the plant of Sanborn, Vail & Co. to-morrow
by the Hadwen Swain Manufacturing com
pany. The printing and stationery business
was nover so good with Sanborn, Vail & Co. as
it is now. The causes are good stationery, low
prices and quick work. •
Forged Pension Certificates.
Q. H. Lawrence, a well-known character
about town, is .wanted by the authorities on a
Charge of forging pension certificates. Tues
day he visited several railroad offices, pre
sented the usual cerllficatH which entitles a
pensioner to travel at the expense ot the Gov
ernment, and altogether he Becured four of
these tickets, which he proceeded to sell, real
ising •uflicient to purchase a ticket ior Chi
cago. He left for that city Wednesday and is
expected to reach Ogden this morning. The
Government authorities at that place are on
the lookout and it will be difficult for him to
escape arrest. The unusual number of tickets
asked for on Tuesday is what led to the detec
tion of Lawrence.
Jndge Hunt's Visit.
Judge Hunt yesterday departed for Sacra
mento where he will sit with the Judges of
that county to hear arguments as to the sala
ries of the county officials under the county
government act.
New Corporations.
The Louisville Cigar and Tobacco Company,
the Italian and Swiss-Italian Hotel and Board
ing-house Keepers' Association and the Colum
bia Trading Company were yesterday incor
porated.
FORTY BOLTED
THE CONVENTION
A. P. A.'s Fail to Agree on
Nominees for Munici
pal Offices.
PRECONCERTED ACTION.
An Obnoxious Resolution Made
the Excuse for a Walk
out
WEKE MARSHALED BY DR. TITUS
The American Policy Club Leads the
Slump and Other Delegates
Follow.
Forty of the hundred delegates who at
tended tbe American Protective Associa
tion Municipal Convention at 102 O'Farrell
street last evening bolted deliberately and
concertedly, and caused much excitement
in the gathering.
The leaders of tbe bolt admitted after
ward that they went there with the full
intention of seeking an excuse to walkout,
and that they will continue as bolters as
long as the association persists in its pres
ent course regarding the nomination of
municipal officers.
The forty and some others who did not
take part in the bolt believe that it is the
better policy to wait until the various
parties have all held their conventions
and nominated candidates before putting
forth the association's choices. The re
mainder think that the time is ripe for
nomination. 1 ", and neither side will com
promise. When Chairman Dr. Fitch
rapped for order last evening there was a
panicky feeling in the hall that increased
until the climax came.
The feeling among the delegates was
shown by the remarks that were made be
fore the convention was well under way.
"Throw him out the window!" yelled
one delegate as another man rose to speak,
and similar expressions came from other
parts ot the hall. The bolters saw no op
portunity to carry out their purpose until
the report of the committee on resolutions
was reached. This body had provided a
measure limiting speeches to three min
utes.
Dr. Titus, the leader of the bolters, took
this as his cue and delivered a strong talk
against it, terming it a gag resolution and
an outrage. In spite of his protest the
measure was adopted, and then the bolters
boiled.
Tbe American Policy Club, which had
eighteen delegates in the hall, walked out
In a body, and were followed by twenty or
NEW TO-DAT.
I^^||g2^ PEERLESS
H^ggSK EVAPOSATED
mgo%s CREAM ,
jJP^Evnp**^ ! ft^ttl by None.
B«^ -f&J PRErAKEO BT
New York Condensed
more men who were In sympathy with
the movement.
"We won't be gagged or bullied," said
Dr. Titus as he went out the door in the
rear of the procession, leaving the re
mainder of the delegates angry and dis
mayed.
SUSPICIOUS FIRE.
Fire Marshal Towe Investigating- the
Bush-Street Saloon Affair.
Fire Marshal Towe continued his inves
tigation yesterday into the cause of the
incendiary fire in the saloon at 311 Bush
street early Wednesday morning, pub
lished exclusively in yesterday's Call.
He bad M. C. Wenceslow, the proprietor
of the saloon, at his office and took his
statement under oath. Wenceslow admit
ted tbat he had two policies on his stock
and fixtures, one for $1000 with the Home
Mutual, taken out in June, and the other
for $2500 with the Home Phoenix, taken
out on September 8. He admitted that all
the fixtures and furniture in tbe saloon
were tbe property of Mrs. Sullivan, the
owner, and that he insured property tbat
did not belong to nim. He did not give
any satisfactory reason for doing so.
Another fact the Fire Marshal brought
out was that on Tuesday Wenceslow, or
Winslow, as he sometimes calls himself,
sent some one to the Home Mutual office
to ask for a permiWto take other insurance
HEW TO-SAT.'
The staple good Japan
tea is Schilling Best at
s° c -
The price is so low that
to call it good is to seem to
lie about it.
The grocer gives your
money back, without a word,
if you want it. That don't
look like lying, does it?
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco MS
HEW 10-DAT-AMCSEHENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18,
OAKLAND NIGHT.
RELIANCE GLEE CLUB.
Saturday, September 19— Berkeley Night; Fire-
men's Night.
YOTIXG FOR THEIjYE BEST EXHIBITS
. September 11 to October I.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
Admission 25c, Children 15c.
OPEN DAY ASP EVENING. .
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
To Witness MR. CHAS. CAVILL
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
Under the Auspice!! of the California
. Swimming Club.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which occasion the splendid large Ferry
Steamer XEWAIIK of the H. P. Co. and the
BAIJBAX/ITO of the N. P. c. P.. B. Co. will take'
excursionists to the Golden Gate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
Excursion Around the Bay Will Be Made.
TICKETS 50c. CHILDREN 25c. j
- Steamers will leave their respective slips, foot of {
Market street, at 8:80 p. _,■ - - j
T.H.GOODMAN. F. B. LATHAM,-
I G. A., S. P. Co. G. P. A., N. P. C. K. it. Co.
STEW TO-DAT. 1
1 Poor ' : ]|
» I Pilgarlic; I
there is no need for you j|
j$ to - contemplate a J wig |
H when you can enjoy the |j
H pleasure of sitting again j|
gj under your own "thatch." j|
jsj You can begin to get j|
m your hair back as soon '!§
Has you begin to use J^
1 Ayer's . I
i Hair Vigor. 1
on the property, which was a week after
he had insured for $2500 in the Home
Phoenix.
Wenceslow stated that he was In San
Jose at the time of the lire, having left on
Tuesday night and not returning till
Wednesday morning after he had learned
of the fire.
The Fire Marshal will continue his in
vestigation to-day.
— ♦ — — •
Another Noe Salt.
Another suit has been filed by one of the
Xoe family, claiming a one-third interest In
Mission property. The plaintiff in the present
case is Vincent Xoe and the property in ques
tion is situated on Sixteenth street east of Do
lores. It stands in the name of John R. Spring.
A number of these suits have been fifed by
the Noes, who claim title to s great deal of the
land in the Mission by reason of grants made
to one of their ancestors by the Mexican Gov
ernment long before California became a part
of the United States.
HEW to-i. at— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & rp.'s THEATERS.
|.'|w.:'Xtthe Tl LAST 2 SIGHTS.
Baldwin MATINEE
— «___-____^. SATURDAY
THE KNGLISII VERSION
Of Sardou's Great Napoleonic Flay,
ti ____lD____E3 SV-3STS3 OKENEJ"
(MADAME DON'T CARE),
With KATHKYN KIDDERin the Title Hole.
Last Presentation Will Occur
Next Saturday Evening Sept. 19.
■ Monday, >eptemoer 21——
Theater Closed for Two Weeks.
Monday, October 5 — — - -
"THE VKISOXKK OF ZBNDA."
1 ' "~^ — 2d
California last week.
CALIFORNIA LAST WEEK.
_ AST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT
A TRUK PICTURE OF LIFE IN
GREATER NEW YORK.
"ON THE BOWERY"
with STEVE
SEE THE FUNNY BOWERY
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— 2sc to $1. • Matinees— 2sc. sOc and 75c
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
MES.EBSESTINE Kbkiinq, Proprietor >fc Manager
Tli© Grand Opera Season
TUXSS 3ESV3E3lXri3>ira
Hnmperdlnck's Fairy Opera, in Three Acts,
HANSEL AND GRETEL!
Illustrated by '
A SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA OP THIRTY.
Excellent Cast, Beautiful Scenery. Etc
/ NEXT WEEK
RETURN OF THE FAVORITES!
Monday .........THE HI.'GUENOTS
Tuesday MHK BOHEMIAN GIKL
Wednesday and the rest of the week AID A
A magnificent production of Verdi's Spec-
tacular Grand Opera.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
Tn!tDLAfiOLR.GOmOD* ep- uiiciAnßnAruoutj---
TIME I : ; DRAWING
IS I NEAR,
ONLY THREE MORE WEKKS OF
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
I K I O-2XT XGSrXIT
"A MATRIMONIAL MAZE!"
The Very Funniest of All Their Comedies.
Monday Next— Another Great Success— "lN
SPITE OF ALL."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. Sols Lesie* aul U*u*l>:
WON IMMEDIATE SUCCESS t) ,! J
"THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. d» Mlllo. author of "The Wife," "The
Charity Ball," "Men and Women," c.c.
A Flay of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful Mechanical and scenic Effects — A
Cannon • Eall Express Train — <..:a..t
Rotary Snow Plow. .
FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF
LOTTIE WILLIAMS -KD J. HERON
In New Songs and Specialties."
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
C'F«rrell street. , l>etwei»n Stockton and Pow»lL
Week Commencing .Monday, Sept. 14,
Note the New. Celebrities!
jA._3T_TJl__j____ !
Most Daring Higo-Wlre I'ertoriuer in the World.
LEW HAWKINS! MLLE. ALMA!
Bellman ana Moore. Filson aim trrol 1 , Vassar
Quartet, Marguerite Ferguson. Terry and Elmer,
Ferguson and Mack an I others.
Reserved seats, 25c; J'alcony, 10c; Opera-chain
and box-seats, 60c. Get your seats in advance.
_____ . _
Bklasco. Doase & Johcax. lessee! & Managers.
An Ideal Performance! The Military Comedy,
"OURS," by the Alcazar Stock Company.
To-morrow afternoon A ROSE MATINEE.
Every lady attending will be presented with a
handsome rose. Evening Prices— l»c, 25c 36c
and 50c. Matinee Saturday and Sunday, 15c. 25c
and 35c. Telephone .Black 991.
THE CHUTES
And Greatest Scenlo Railway on Earth, 1
Open Dally from 1 to 11 P. M.
EVERY EVENING AT 10 O'CLOCK,
ANTONIO PIRRI
Will COAST THK CHUTES and Land in the
.' Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A Free Performance on the Stage at the
. End of the Lake. : *
BELLE KIRBY. Queen of Sword Walkers.
The BOi'AL JAPANESE ACROBATS,
A MILE BICYCLE RACK.
And a Host of Attractions.
Special! Free Donkey, .
Sunday, at 5 P. M
ADMISSION to CENT?. '
Children, including .Merry-Wo-I'.ound Hide. 5 cent*
FISHING EXCURSION
TO
CORDELL BANKS
STEAM SCHOONER "WESTPOBT," jßt+H
Captain JACOBS, Master. .sSESSI
$3— ROUND TR!P-$3. BAIT REti.
Leave Mission No. 1 at 11 o'clock p. m.,
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19.
Tickets for sale at W. H. NOLAN- 8. 412 Market.
SUTRO BATHS.
\- • ■' Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. _.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc. "'
78
LAST SHOT FROM
THE GRAND JURY
Waste, Extravagance and
Incompetency of City
Officers.
AN UNFAIR ASSESSMENT
Astounding Increase of Expenses
in the Department of
Education.
THE TEACHERS AND JANITORS.
Golden Gate Park, Board of Health
and the Harbor Commission
Reviewed.
The Grand Jury, which was impaneled
by Judge Sanderson December 30. 1895,
submitted its final report yesterday to
Charles F. Slack, Presiding Judge of th«
Superior Court, and the members were
discharged from further service.
During the forenoon yesterday commit
tee meetings were held to close up the
business of the term. At 1 :30 o'clock p. m.
the jury met as a body and found an in
dictment for felony— obtaining money
under false pretences — against Leo de
Cordona. The case against Cordona is not
exactly a new one. On April 10, 1895, he
was a bookkeeper in the office of the Su
perintendent of Streets and raised the
treasury demand of Oscar McElroy from
$7 50 to $57 50. Other demands were also
raised. The fraud was discovered before
the City was a loser. Cordona was ar
rested, but escaped conviction on a techni
cality. It seems that/he Treasurer's name,
Widber, was spelled Wilbur and so Cordona
was not convicted. He has been in jail
since and will now be tried on the Grand
Jury indictment. J. B. Gartland, book
keeper of the Street Department, was the
only witness required, although Auditor
Broderick, Deputy Treasurer Louis Jacobs
and Detective Cody vrere present in
obedience to subpenas.
Wiien Foreman Frank Maskey presented
the final report of the jury to Judge Slack
and as&ed to be discharged the court said :
"I thank you for your efficient and f aitnf ul
service. 1 am sure that you have been loyal
to your duty, and your work has not been
in vain. The Grrand Jury is now dis
charged."
The following members of the jury were
present in the courtioom: Frank Maskey,
Frank P. McLennan, Alpheua Bull Jr., P.
P. Butler, E. E. Chever, John F. Ciine,
Louis Feldmann, H. H. Hencke. John
Landers, C. S. Liaumeister, Edward Mai
ley, Jacob Martenstein, X McG. Mcßean,
C." O'Connor, T. F. Payne.
The report is an able and elaborate docu
ment of 9000 words. Speaking of the
Assessor's office it says:
The action of the Assessor of this City and
County is leu in every household and business
place. In a slightly modified lorm lie virtu
ally dictates the value of ail personal and real
property for taxation or revenue purposes.
The' business intrusted to him is varied aua of
vast proportions, and necessarily there must
be much of the detail work of the office in
trusted to subordinates. That there should be
some irregularities in assessing is to be ex
pected, but the amount of same should be re
duced to a minimum if an undeviatlng, clear
and just code of rules prevails. All owners of
property should be treated alike, whether rich
or poor. There should be no diEtinction be
tween persons or classes of citizens or corpora
tions.
The attention of the Grand Jury was called
to some alleged gross irregularities of assess
ments in the property of certain large cor
porations doing business in tnis City. Asses
sor Siebe appeared before the Grand Jury to
explain the condition of said assessments. He
gave written memoranda as to the amounts
that were assessed, but no intelligible expla
nation or definite plan of the me mods of
making such assessments. The Grand Jury
had made examination as to the cash value of
the stock and bonds of said corporations at
the time of assessment, and taking 50 per cent
of said values informed Assessor Sieba that
such was a proper valuation to be assessed. In
stead of accepting the same. Assessor Siebe sub
sequently reduced the assessments of some of
the corporations below the memoranda he had
furnished, stating that he did not assess!bonds,
as they were not taxable. As stocks, bonds
and all property must be considered as evi
dence in arriving at the real value in assessing
corporations, this seems a subterfuge. In the
cases of the Central Gas Company, which haa
leased its plant for a term of years to the
Pacific Gas Improvement Company, the said
plant was not assessed to either of the com
panies, and the only assessment of the Central
Gas Company was upon real estate assessed at
$41,470. Assessor siebe erroneously claimed
the company was defunct or dead, which is
not a fact, as its 20,000 shares of stock on the
day of assessment were selling at $95 a share,
a total value 01 $1,900,000. The Grand Jury's
valuation of 50 per cent was $950,000, so over
$900,000 escaped assessment in this one com
pany. The late decision of the Superior Court
that the Assessor was a semi-judicial officer for
bids any hope that an actlou for removal from
office would be successful if undertaken.
To the School Department this refer
ence is made:
We have made an examination of the Items
of expense for which an increased appropria
tion is asked and find th« one item of teachers'
salaries Is $895,000. to which janitors', office
and shop salaries added makes a gross total of
$962,500 for salaries alone.
In 1883-84 there were 31,578 pupils average
attendance, with 714 teacners, with salaries
$057,824; while In 1895-96, with 32,436 aver
age attendance, there were 928 teachers with
salaries of $872,311. Thus an Increase of 858
pupils has been attended by an increase of 214
teachers and an Increased expense of .*214 487
for teachers' salaries. Brie-fly summed up
there nas been an increase of about 2% per
cent of pupils attended by an increase of about
33 per cent of teachers and an increase of 32
percent in teachers' salaries. In the list of
teachers' salaries of 1895-96 we find special
teachers receive salaries of from $190 to $50
per month, cooking teachers $100 to $00 per
month, and sewing teachers $75 to $50 per
month. ' .
The demand of the Board of Education for
appropriation lor the coming year for new
school buildings we hold to be excessive and
ii' warranted either by actual requirements
of pupils or demanded in the Interest of tax
payers. There li no argent necessity for a
high school building in the Mission district, as
the Horace Mann School it* arranged to accom
modate a junior class that so far has not yet
been filled. Tee $200,000 asked for a Mission
high school is therefore not needed. The same
comiii.ori as to necessity applies to other
school buildings proposed to be erected. New
scnool buildings will, however, in a few years
be required to take the place of some
now in use, and we think they should
be provided for, not In appropriations from
taxes of specific years, but by bonds,
or, better still, by rental of the Fifth and
Market street lot for a long term of years.
The schools now on this property, i.e., the
Linooln Grammar and the Webster Primary,
should be provided for by new buildings- on
one of the streets further south. The Market
street frontage of the school lot is now covered
with wooden buildings, which pay a rental of
about $37,000 per year. The entire lot—loo
vara square— if rente I for a long term of years,
would give income enough to annually erect
three ii not four buildings, which would be all
the increase that the School Department would
require for many years to come. It will re
quire an act of the Legislature to authorize
the rental of the property for more than ten
years, also time to , receive proposals , for . leas
ing. In about two years the • longest lease of
the Market-street frontage will expire, and
during the interim the lot could be leased and
the new buildings for the present school be
provided for elsewhere. 43Kri&9Bjl9KX
COUNTY CLERK.
The expenses oi the County Clerk's office
during tne term of the incumbent have been in
excess of the expeditures of his predecessor in
office. This increased expenditure so mr as we
can ascertain has no 1 been caused by increased
business, but by the arbitrary excess of em
ployes appointed by the present County Clerk.
It is unfortunate for the taxpayers of this City
that the appointment of deputies and clerks is
within certain limits lodged in the hands of
the County Clerk and that the excessive sala
ries paid are fixed by statute.
The only remedy against extravagant ex
penditures in the County Clerk's office we can
bee lies in the adopting of the proposed new
charter by which the number of clerks and
salaries of same can be regulated by the City
government instead of as now by the inclina
tion or interest of the incumbent under the
present statute. 41
SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
To properly perform the duties of his office
the Superintendent of Streets should have the
technical knowledge of a civil engineer with
the determination to personally know and
ability to supervise all the important business
of his office.- The present Superintendent has
but a limited knowledge of civil engineering.
Further he has stated to the Grand Jury that
he does not know personally the details or in
fact the cost of the very important items of
work for which he at first asked appropri
ations for the present fiscal year. He asked
for the enormous sum of $1,558,180 —
million five hundred and fifty-'.ight thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars — an increase
of more than one million dollars over the ap
propriation allowed in the preceding year.
Upon Inquiry the Superintendent stated
thai he had made estimates for the item of
"paving the accepted blocks and crossings on
Van Ness avenue that are now macadamized"
($46,630 10). and for other large items he had
no specifications as to the probable cost.
The repaying of Folsoin street easterly with
bituminous rock in view of heavy teaming
over a portion of the same can well be left
until later. The repaying of streets now paved
with cobbles, estimated at $400,000, can also
be left until later years, as the necessity is not
urgent, and, in fact, the Superintendent did
not expect the appropriation to be made.
For the purpose of ascertaining the probable
cost of completing the water-front portion
chargeable to the City, it comueteut contractor
made examination and stated his willingness
to make all repairs, including some new work
required in piling, planking and filling in ior
about $16,000, instead of the $150,000 appro
printion asked by the Superintendent of
Streets for the same purpose.
An inspection of Market street from Valencia
street to the ferries »hows the pavement of
basalt blocks to be irregular in spots in many
places. The work of repaying is, however,
limited, and a comparatively small sum, if
judiciously expended, would put the street in
comparatively good order. The heavy team
ing on Market street forbids the use of bitu
minous pavement, as the latter would require
continuous and excessive costly repairs. The
taxpayers of this City have had obicct-lessous
in Third street, between Market and Howard,
and Golden Gate avenue, in the past of the
grinding and destroying action of even a
limited heavy truck travel on bituminous
pavement.
The Superintendent of Streets should be a
competent civil engineer, but a Board of Pub
lic Works composed. of civil engineers, as re
quired by the proposed new charter, would be
still better for the interests of the taxpayers
of this City.
The present system of street repairs is so ex
pensive and unsatisfactory that we recommend
in the interest of economy that repairing in
future be done by contract whenever possible.
PARK COMMISSION.
The Golden Gate Park is the great pleasure
ground of the. people of this City. Rich and
poor alike enjoy its beauties and have a just
pride in comparing it witn the parks of other
cities. The present Grand Jury shares these
feelings with other citizens, but its duty de
mands that it investigate the expenditures
made by the Park Commissioners and ascer
tain whether the large sums furnished have
been expended judiciously and with regard to
economy that it. used in private business.
In the appropriations asked for the past
fiscal year was an item for a park lodge build
ing, to cost $20,000. This building has been
completed at a cost of over $52,000. The su
perintendent's salary is $350 per month, or
$4200 per annum, and the portion of the lodge
for his residence given free is fully equal to
$600 per annum more, a total of $4800 per
year.
The Grand Jury feels that the taxpayers
have not been fairly dealt with in the in
creased expenditure on the lodge building —
$32,000 above the amount asked for the said
purpose; that the salary of the superintendent
is excessive — the original act provided for a
superintendent at a salary not exceeding $200
per month, and that the cost of reclaiming
land for lawn purposes. $851 49 per acre, is far
in excess of what it should be.
The Park Commission is one of the anomalies
in the State found in our City and County
government alone, its members being ap
pointed by the Governor of the State; Its ex
penditures not subject as in other departments
to approval of the Auditor, and no advertising
ior supplies to De furnished on contracts by
the lowest bidder. :
All the interest the commission has in the
City and County is that the Supervisors shall
make appropriations us demanded, the Com
missioners making their annual report not to
the City, but addressed to the Governor direct.
I An instance of the Commissioners' method
!of doing business was shown in the con-
I struction of the wire bridge some years since
■ at a cost of about $10,000. There was no ad
j vertising for the construction of the bridge,
! and in fact there was no knowledge of the in
tention of the Commissioners by the California
Wire Works, the largest wire-bridge builders
In the State, until the press announced the
contract had been awarded to the agent of an
Eastern company.
The Park Commissioners have asked the
Board of Supervisors for an appropriation of
$365,000— 51000 per day— for the coming fiscal
year. The Grand Jury believes the|same to be
grossly excessive and not warranted in pro
viding for the maintenance and improvement
of Golden Gate Park, and in place recommend
that an appropriation of only $200,000 be
made. This would not only be ample for the
maintenance, out would admit of the comple
tion of such improvements as have been com
menced.
HEALTH DEPARTMENT.
The duties of the Health Department are ex
ercised by a Board of Health, all the members
of which, except the Mayor, who is ex-officio
chairman, are appointed by the Governor of
the State. In this particular San Francisco Is
the exception, as all the other counties and
| cities are empowered by Jaw to appoint their
own Boards of Health and regulate the num
ber and salaries of the employes connected
therewith. • " .
The result is that the Boards of Health of
this City and County, as a rule, "have shown
a fine scorn of economies" in the discharge of
their duties and demand with the arrogance
of irresponsibility that their orders or requi
sitions shall be obeyed. It is true that the
City government nominally ■ controls appro
priations, but under the decisions of court it is
a question, if the issue was made, whether this
position could be maintained.
The Board of Health employs a large staff
of officials, and is demanding larger appropri
ations for the present fiscal year to in
crease the number of employes. While it is
possible that employment for these additional
officials can be found, the Grand Jury can see
no imperative necessity for them at the time
while a low tax rate is demanded in the in
terest of the taxpayers. On the contrary, it
would seem that the present officials could
and should to a larger extent perform the
duties stated for which the additional force of
employes is asked.
Among the items of appropriations asked is
that of a quarantine service which includes
the expense ol a quarantine officer, the use of
a quarantine steamer, attaches and fuel. The
establishment of quarantine service by the
Health Department at first was imperatively
demanded to prevent the introduction of con
tagious disease from foreign places, via the sea.
Within the past year, however, the National
Government has established a quarantine
boarding service in connection with the quar
antine grounds and buildings on Angel Island.
The Grnnd Jury does not see the utility of
continuing a City quarantine service in addi
tion to that performed by the United States.
The aggregate monthly charges for salaries is
$495 per month, to which is to be added fuel
and repairs to steamer, the total cost of the
quarantine service being about $7500 per
annum, which ought to be dispensed with.
Reference is made to the excellent serv
ice of Superintendent Weaver of the Alms
house and of his unwarranted removal by
the Board of Health.
The Recorder's neglect to obey the fee
I bill of 1895, and his conduct in collecting
fees higher- than the law justifies come in
for censure.
The Police Judges are hauled over the
coals for the loose manner in which the
records of lines collected are kept. . Some
months ago The Call explained the lack
of system in accounting lor the collection
of Police Court fanes and forfeitures.
PRESENTATION OF SUPERVISORS.
Jn regard to the presentation of Super
visors the Grand Jury thus speaks:
It has been a matter of notoriety. that assess
ments of property have been unequally made;
that large corporations doing business in the
City have not paid their proper proportion of
taxation in previous years. The present Grand
Jury, desirous that a fair assessment of prop
erty should be made, instituted inquiry as to
the value of the assets of a number of large
corporations/ also the statements of the As
sessor regarding the same. It was found that
aSO per cent market valuation of these corpo
rations' stocks and bonds was about $11,000,
-000 more than : they were assessed. This in
formation was.sent to the Board of Equaliza
tion. i. c., Board of Supervisors, and a number
of Grand Jurors attended, by invitation, and
addressed the board at a subsequent session of
that body.. The board at. a later meeting re
duced the assessments of these corporations
much below the. amounts stated by the As
sessor. As it was the duty of the Board of
Equalization to examine as to the correctness
of the assessments, and reliable information
presented by the Grand Jury was not consid
ered by them, the seven Supervisors who voted
for the reduction of assessments, were presented
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
for removal from office. The Code provides for
the removal of officers for willful or corrupt
neglect of the duties of their offices, and in
this case the evidence seemed so plain that ac
tion had to be taken by the Grand Jury.
Attention is 'called to the waste which
prevails owing to the present system
which allows anybody at the head of a de
partment to order printing. It is sug
gested that the entire business in this re
spect should be placed in the bands of the
clerk of the Hoard of Supervisors.
WATER RATES FOR SHIPPING.
Complaints were made to the Grand Jury
that excessive charges for supplying water to
shipping at the wharves were maae by the
lessees from the Spring Valley Water Works.
A communication stating the facts was pre
sented to the Board of Supervisors, asking
them in making water rates for the years
1896-97 to reduce them to a fair and just rate
compared with other consumers. The
communication was never acknowledged or
considered, but the former exorbitant rate
oi $1 75 i>er 1000 gallons was fixed, as was
the water rates for the entire City, at one
short session and without discussion. The
attention of the officers of the corporation was
called to the injustice done and they have
taken the supplying of water to shipping into
their own hand. 1 - and have already made a de
duction of 30 per cent, from the old rates
charged, with a promise of further reduction
as soon as the nctunl expense of furnishing
can be ascertained. The water company's
officers are to be complimented for greater at
tention to the wants of our citizens than our
own Board of Supervisors.
The Grand Jury regards it disgraceful
that the City should have a floating in
debtedness; that it has not paid mer
chants for supplies purchased in 1892-93.
The report says: "The Grand Jury can
not recommend any specific line of action
on the part of the City to pay its present
debt other than that the Election Com
missioners place it as a question on the
ballot for voting at the coming election."
The insufficiency of accommodation for
the insane is mentioned.
THE NEW CHARTER.
The Grand Jury recommends the adop
tion of the new charter, presenting this ar
gument:
We recommend the adoption of the pro
posed new charter to the citizens of San Fran
cisco, as the only means of speedy relief that
can be had from the present corrupt and ex
travagant political management of municipal
affairs.
With the adoption of the new charter will
come au economical administration, by which
at least 30 per cent can be saved.
With a tax rate not exceeding 80 or 90 cents
on the $100 assessed valuation of property
each year, a prosperous change can be effected,
giving confidence to investors in manufactur
ing enterprises, real estate and general busi
ness.
We recommend the necessary legislation to
Insure home rule and freedom irom inter
ference mid management in local affairs by
State appointees.
HARBOR COMMISSION.
Citizens are urged to petition the Leg
islature t > abolish the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners and to have the trust
in the management of our water front re
turned to the City.
Concerning the rights of the United
Stateß Government to improve the harbor
of San Francisco and remove sunken
rocks from the bay, the Grand Jury pre
sents figures to show that the Govern
ment has only appropriated $110,000 for
this work, but has expended $1,780,000 on
an estuary in Alameda County.
Figures are adduced showing that duties
amounting to two hundred million dollars
have been collected at this port since the
State was admitted to the Union. It is
said that one rock has caused twenty-five
shipwrecks. The report says: "The Na
tional Government claims jurisdiction
over all our navigable waters and should
certainly afford such relief as is necessary
in tne way of the removal of dangerous
rocks, the dredging of the harbor, and in
deed should undertake the building of the
bulkhead and save us from a tax which is
too onerous for our commerce to bear."
A letter presenting these facts and con
clusions has been sent by the Grand
Jury to Judge Maguire, a member of Con
gress from the Fourth District.
DRIED FRUIT TO EUROPE
Shipments Can Now Be Made
Direct to England and the
Continent.
R ductd Rates Have Bsen Arranged
for by the Southern Pacific
Company.
In order to aid the dried fruit industry
of California the Southern Pacific Com
pany has made arrangements whereby
shipments of dried fruit can be made di
rect from any point in the State to the
principal cities of Europe.
Heretofore but little of this class of
goods das cone to Europe, owing to the
supply having found a market in this
country, but this season stocks have ac
cumulated to such an extent that prices
have fallen considerably below the usual
figures.
Another reason why no outlet to the
European market was attempted before
was that freight rates were not favorable.
Under the arrangements effected by tne
Poutnern Pacific the rates have been ma
terially reduced, so that a saving of about
25 per cent of the former tariff is made.
Tne new rales, which went into effect yes
terday, are as follows:
Fbom
i
TO
Rate per 100 lbs in
L". s. Gold Coin.
In Iri
Boxes. PacKs.
i
San Francisco.. "1 London $1 10
Oakland (Six- Liverpool... 110
teenth street) Glrssrow.... 115
San Jose.. Bordeaux... 125
Stockton Havre....... 125
Sacramento.... ( Hamburg... 115
MurysviUe . f Bremen..... 115
Los A ngelea — Antwerp 110
And main-line Amsterdam 116
intermediate Kouerdam.. 1 16
points in Call- Copenhagen 1"6
fornla J Stockholm.. 125
*130
130
136
1 45
145
135
1 35
1 HO
135
1 35
1 45
45
These rates are for carload lots of not
less than 24,000 pounds and only apply
over the Sunset route to New Orleans,
whence the Morgan line of steamers will
convey the consignments to New York.
Here close- connection will be made for the
port of destination.
It is expected that the new departure
will open up a considerable field for the
consumption of California dried fruits and
thus tena to advance prices and stimulate j
the trade in all its channels down to the
fruit grower.
VOTERS FOR SUFFRAGE.
Precinct Workers Find That They Will
Outnumber the Opponents Three
to One.
The precinct woman suffragist workers
are busy getting pledges from voters to
cast their ballots for the suffrage amend
ment. Thus far about 6000 voters have
been interviewed and stand about 3 to 1
in favor of the amendment. The ladies
are hard worked, but the encouragement
which seems to greet them at every turn
makes their labors much lighter than they
would otherwise be.
A Show In Himself.
This evening Frank Lincoln, whose occupa
tion is to dispel melancholy and provoke
mirth, will give one of his popular entertain
ments in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. His en
tertainment is a sort of humorous monologue,
consisting of musical travesties, sociwl satires
and numberless stories and impersonations
which he has picked up In all countries dur
ing the last five rears. He has raised a laugh
upon the lips of kings, and has brought a
chuckle to audiences all over the world, ior
there are but two English-speaking countries
that he has not beeu in. Hiß entertainment
here will be under the patronage of a number
of well-known society ladies. Mr. Lincoln
comes here highly rscommended by promi
nent newspapers, actors and playwrights.
The "Swan," Waterman's "Ideal," "Crown"
and the "Leader." The oestsl Fountain Pens
in the world arc the specialties in the station
ery department oi Sanburn, Vail & Co. «
AN OLD BOHEMIAN
NEARING THE END
Demetrius G. Camarinos Is
Lying at the Point
of Death.
KING OF THE "SPARTA."
He Dispensed His Hospitality
With More Than a Lav
ish Hand.
NOW HE IS IN A HOSPITAL.
His Bohemian Friends Are Unab'e to
Help Him in His Hour of
G-eat Need.
Demetrius G. Camarinos, mine host of
the Sparta when it was in all its grandeur;
a bohemian, whose love for the good
things of this world made him a "good
thing' 1 for the bohemians he chose to
gather about him, is penniless, almost de
seited, and lyine at death's door at the
French Hospital.
It is a strange story, that of Demetrius
George Camarinos, crowded into the 41
D. G. Camarinos.
years he has been on this earth, the first
peep at which he took in classic Athens,
Greece.
He came here in 1875 a poor man. Start
ing as a fruit peddler, be acquired a fruit
store at the corner of Suiter and Powell
streets, where, during the five years he
presided over the institution, he succeeded
in acquiring a moderate competency and
a fairly good knowledge of the English
language. Subsequently he branched out
as a wholesale dealer in produce, «nd ow
ing to his connection with a younger
brother in Honolulu he was enabled to
outstride his competitors and he soon be
came one of the fruit kings of the commis
sion trade.
Honors were cast upon him as his bank
roll became rounded. In 1892 he was ap
pointed by King George of Greece as Con
sular representative in this State, succeed
ing Harry Cooke, a wholesale leather mer
chant, who died in 1891. When tbe Beat
of the Consulate was removed to Los An
geles, in 1894, Camarinos resigned. At
that time he was conducting the "Sparta,"
at Sansome and Merchant streets, as de
lightful an oasis as conld be found in the
downtown desert part of the City.
The cooking was delicate and the serv
ice refined. Bankers, merchants and
others aole to pay for the good things
they liked crowded to the house of this
Grecian Consul, who did not hesitate to
step into the kitchen and make a saute
sec or a poulet a la Marengo for his
friends. Newspaper men heralded Cam
arinos everywhere as a prince of good fel
lows, and he liked their adulation, while
with aue modesty he placed his right
hand over his heart, bowed and declared
he did not deserve it.
One of the Consul's best friends was
Harry Bigelow, a clever writer and aa
ultra bohemian. The last time Camari
nos was seen on the streets of this City
was at his friend "Pete's" funeral.
Eddie Morphy, who went to the Ja
panese-Chinese war some years ago and
who fell in love with Japan and stayed
there, is another of Camarinos' friends.
There were scores of them — good fellows,
bright, witty, bon-vivants— but all im
provident. Camarinos suffered in conse
quence, and when adversity came he
lound his safe filled with tags, bat no
money.
A mixed crowd visited the Sparta, and
a morning paper accusea Camarinos of
being at tbe head of a gang of people who
were violating the revenue laws. He
brought suit for $20,000 damages, and the
expose which followed caused him to drop
the suit. His business fell away and he
was sued and attached until he finally
went into bankruptcy.
Illness came on top of all these troubles,
and but for his younger brother in Hawaii
the prince of good lellows would have to
loo* for assistance from strangers.
Dr. B. de Marville operated on the ex-
Consul in June last, removing a virulent
cancer from nis groin. While the Datient
,has been progressing fairly well his life
still hangs in the balance.
KING CASE COMPROMISED.
The Property of the Eccentric Mission
Cooper Soon to Be distributed.
The contest over the property left by
"Barrel" King, the eccentric Mission
cooper, who in 1894 died in an insane asy
lum, has been compromised.
King, whose given name was Cornelias,
left an estate consisting of money in bank,
amounting to over $200,000. He made a
will leaving his entire property to the
children of his brother, of whom there
were four — Cornelius, Mary, James and
Daniel. The niece, Mary, died before the
testator, leaving no issue. Nephew Cor
nelius also died, but left four children —
Mary, Cornelius Jr., James and Valentine.
The will was contested by a small army
of other brothers, sisters, nephews and
nieces, who claimed that King was insane
when he drew up his last testament. The
matter haa taken up a considerable por
tion of Judge Coffey's time for more than
a year past, but yesterday a compromise
was agreed upon.
There is now in the bands of the execu
tors, James and Daniel King, who are the
principal legatees, $180,000 which can be
distributed. It was agreed between the
parties that the contest would be settled
by giving $80,000 to the contestants and
$100,000 to the legatees under the will.
By this agreement James and Daniel
King, who have already received $10,000
each, will get an additional $31,333 33
each. The children of their brother Cor
nelius. who reside in New York and are
named Mary, Cornelius Jr., James and
Valentine, get $9333 33 each. Mary Ma
chaao will receive $22,916 66.
Florence Carey King gets $18,750 and
Florence Carey King Jr. $4583 34. Kate
Riordan, Michael King, Daniel King and
Dennis King, children of Michael King
Br., get- $3750 each. John, Cornelius,
Jerry, Daniel, Michael and James Sulli
van, Mary Warren and Kate Whooley,
children of Catherine Sullivan, get $2343 75
each.
The order for partial distribution is
drawn up and will be presented to Judge
toffey for his signature to-day.
AN INCREASE OF HOURS.
The County Clerk's and Sheriff* Offices
Will Hereafter Be Open
VntH 5 P. M.
There is a settled gloom In the County
Clerk's office. Attendants who were once
most blithe and obliging now go about
with downcast eyes and sullen mem.
Since yesterday at 9 a. m. pounds of flesh
have been lost by the different employes
of Mr. Curry and buckets of tears have
been shed. The reason for all the sadness
is that yesterday the county government
bill want into effect ana one of its pro
visions makes it necessary to keep the
County Clerk's office open until 5 p. m.
Heretofore its doors have closed at 4.
The new rule only exemplifies the old
ada c that there is no rose without an ac
companying thorn. On Wednesday the
men who are now the chief mourners were
leaders in the jubilation that resulted
when the Supreme Court handed down its
decision that Mr. Curry is entitled to a
four-year term. Being assured of their
tenure of office they are now wailing over
the additional hour they will have to
labor each day.
The Sheriff's office is subject to the
same rule as the County Clerk's office and
hereafter it will remain open until 5 p. m.
McKENNA WAS ABSENT,
The U. S. Circuit Judge Fails
to Answer a Justice
Summons.
A R quest for the Citation of the
Non-Appearlng Federal Officer
Is Refused.
Yesterday a State Justice Court awaited
in vain tbe appearance of a United States
Circuit Court, and wnen the latier came
not the former closed it doors and went
home.
It is not often that one court gets itself
in the odor of contempt with another, and
the spectacle is an interesting one. The
alleged offender is no less a personage
than Judge McKenna, and he is said to
have set at naught the order of Justice of
the Peace Groezinger.
Recently a suit was tried in Groezinger's
court, in which Eugenia de Mauvron was
given a verdict against Miss Kate Mc-
Kenna, sister of Juage McKenna, in the
sum of $175 for services rendered. The de
fendant failed to pay the money in accord
ance with the judgment, and the United
States Circuit Judge and his brother were
summoned to appear before the Justice
Court and testify at to their sister's
finances.
When his Honor of the Circuit Court
failed to appear the attorney for the
plaintiff requested that Judge McKenna
be cited to show cause why he should not
be punished for contempt, and that a war
runt be issued for his appearance. This
Justice Groezinger refused to do, statin e
that he knew Judge McKenna to be a
person possessing every respect for the
order of any court, and that there must be
some good and valid reason for his non
appearance. The case was then continuea,
tbe court stating that the ju licial witness
would doubtless explain satisfactorily the
cause of his absence. Plaintiff's counsel
protested and raised the question as to
whether a Federal Judge in his court,
which is a United States reservation, is
out of a State court's reach, should he
choose to avail himself of that privilege.
Hudelaon's Trial.
It la probable that an application will be
made to-day by Benjamin F. Hudelson for a
change of venue ot nis case to Oakland. Reel
B. Terry said yesterday that Hudelson is enti
tled to sach change, and that it will probably
be granted.
Criminal Proceeding*.
Arthur Arlington was yesterday acquitted
of a charge of forgery in Judge Wallace's court
Luke Gaffney was found guilty of assault with
a deadly weapon, He will be sentenced to-day.
KEW TO-DAY.
The Fall Styles
In Men's attire are examples of high art and
good taste. We make to order garments that
would find favor and admiration on the streets of
London or the boulevards of Paris.
Why are you paying $25 to $40 to tailors for
suits when we make better garments to order for
$10 to $20 ? We do everything on a wholesale
scale ; five stores, over 200 employes, ten times
the business of the average tailor. Any wonder
we can make clothes for half his prices ?
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
211 Montgomery St., S. F. Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. f S. F.
1PP 5 Broadway, Oakland. Cor. Lafayette and Astor PI., N. Y.
ALL SOLID FOR
MAJOR McKINLEY
President Vreeland of the
New York Traction Co.
on the East.
REPUBLICANISM GROWS
Bryan's Eoom Began to Subside
When Bryan Spoke in
Madison Square.
HARRISON AND COCKRAN.
New York Estimated to B? for Me-
Kinley by a Majority of
200,000.
H. H. Vreeiand, president of the New
York Traction Company, employing 8000
men, and the Whitney-Wiedner-Eikins
Company, controlling the leading street
railway properties east ol Chicago, which
employ 25,000 men, is at the Palace.
Mr. Vreeland ha« come to California for
the first time. His object is to examine
into the cable and electric roads of the
coast and especially of San Francisco. He
is a large man, apparently only a little over
40 years of age, and used to be a railroad
conductor. Thus he is a self-made man,
and is several times a millionaire.
The gentleman is an ardent supporter of
Major McKinley and says he has no doubt
from what he knows of the East and has
seen of the West that McKinley will be
elected.
He says that at tbe time of the nomina
tion of Bryan things were very unsettled
in New York. It could not then be told
how the wave tbat was supposed to be roll
ing eastward from the West ana South
would leave things when it got into the
Empire Stute. But afier Bryan had made
his aadress in Madison Square the end
came. Business began to settle in its
accustomed grooves and stocks rose a few
points. Ever since then things have been
straightening out.
When President Harrison made his
great speech in Carnegie Hall there was
such a crowd that it he could have had a
hou^e covering three blocks it would have
been completely tilled. The sreech set
things right, and the effect could be
noticed at once. The people began to feel
that the National contest would be settled
rieht
A little later when Bourke Cockran
made his eloquent address people realized
more than ever that McKinley was to be
the next President.
"I estimate that he will carry New York
by 200,000," said Mr. Vreeland. "As for
Illinois, where I was for a few days on
my way here, I would not like to make
an estimate, but feel that he will carry
that State.
"Wuerever I went I found the McKin
ley sentiment growing. The peoplr want
sound money and an honest dollar. I
talked with c, good many different crews
of railway men and I found without ex
ception that they were in favor of Me-
Kinley. The railroad men, I know from
nay own experience, are pretty e;ood judges
of what is going to occur. They see ana
talk to a great many people and have a
campaign pretty well sized up.
"Among an I saw 1 did not find any
who were not also enthusiastic In their
support of Mr. McKinley. In fact among
all classes, when you get above men who
work merely with their hands and do not
drink, they were for an honest dollar.
Take the intelligent artisans and workers
of other classes wno mix ideas with their
work, and they are all for the nominee of
tbe Republican National Convention."
Mr. Vreeland has had a remarkably suc
cessful career. He is known, not only
over the United States and Canada, but
throughout the world as one of th- great
est of common carriers. His cable sys
tem alone in New York, which extends
over seventeen miles, carries over 300,000
people every twenty-iour hour-. The sys
tem of street railroads in cities east* of
Chicago which he controls carry millions
of people every day.
Is the light that will brine a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak Dody can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Thi«
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
It is. Yon can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuveuator la th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors-d by the leading scientific
me J> _p* Europe and America.
SttS-G AN 1s P urel y vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of th«
S 5 C &*"rsJ» in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other part*. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervouOness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri«
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
.Hudyan costs no more than any other rem*
cdv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOC©— Impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sors*
producing trims. Taen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spot:), ulcers in mouth, old sores and
fallin? hair. You r»n «»ve » trip t" Hot Springs
by using the great 30-day cure. . Call or write tor
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and JEHU Sta.
. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
<x *£* 5 FA/4 Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
uUulUii oWlHI?!
Th* ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Diseases of young;, middle*
aged and old men which weaKen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and. in many
cases degradation, and untimely . death, i
positively, permanently and forever cured '
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result . of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and.
Blood, if you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Gall at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent fres on ap-
plication. Address
DR F L SWEANY Ma-tot st.
Un, T. L. UlfLHtl I , Ban Francisco, Cat
*54RNYS\
TS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
X your eyes and lit them to Spectacles and Ere.
glasses with instruments of his own invention
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i*y work
Office Hours— Vi to 4 p. m.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The , GRILL
Ladl S m ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN P.NTIL MIDSIUHT.
Jg^^|ss Belts for $30.
g*^c 'T^^- ■yi^jf Old-fashioned and poorly
BSJr^j-^&jJfe^—rfjifCT made, cun be h&a by pay-
ff?^3W3^OsS!sci in) ' your money to elecirlo
htr/^^S^^TtSv" - be " "quacks" and travel- >
s j**f* S^fitßT* lrig "facers." For a firs:-
-('• '^kSr^ 1 class article at a rcasonablj
■?Svi> price write or call for fre» ■
copy of our new boote. Ijr.-
PJBRCK <fc SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearoy.
— cond, Pun* ana fourth floors. San Francisco.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
1« a powerful aphrodisiac and speclflo toalo for tdi
ieiual and urinary orgaas of both sex as, and i
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys anil blai-
der. A great Restorative, lnvigoratoraad Nervtaa.
cells on its own Merita— no lonz-wina*! isia*
moniais necessary.
A-al,i.K, .thl'S & BRUNiS, Agent*.
823 Market St.. 8. y.-caena for circular)
\^ml*~^*~~^* $ AMD
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
■CiBENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOXi RR
.TmH^ "£ m 616 Halght 8t - »° 230 Halgh*
limited number of boarders received; Dauila i»r»
pared tor college; term opens August &A WORD FOR THE
CATHOLIC KNIGHTS
Father Yorke's Spirited
Address in Metropoli
tan Temple.
AIMS OF THE SOCIETY.
It Has Paid $7,000,000 in Bene
fits Since Its Organi
zation.
NO LITIGATED DEATH CLAIMS.
An Organization Whose Charity Is
Always Ready and Uni
versal.
A musical and literary entertainment
and a lecture by Rev. Father P. C. Yorke
were given last evening at Metropolitan
Temple under the auspices of the Catholic
Knights of America. The letters of red
and gold, peculiar to tbe temple, por
trayed across the front of the pipe organ
the vords in glittering characters, "Cath
olic Knigats."
If the temple bad been a theater playing
a popular drama the legend "standing
room only" ought to have been displayed
at the main entrance before 8 o'clock.
Every chair in the temple was taken,
people crowded the side and rear aisles,
and the terraces of steps in the gallery
were improvised as seats.
A. J. McMahon was chairman. He
made a brief speech, and introduced each
feature of the programme. He spoke of
the founding of the organization of the
Catholic Knights of America in 1877, and
stated that on four different occasions the
society bad received the blessing of tbe
Pope. He stated that 1700 of the regular
Roman Catholic clergy curry a certificate
in tbe order; tbat the order bad paid
$7,000,000 in benefits since its organiza
zation, $162,000 in San Francisco, and had
never litigated a single death claim.
In his opening remarks Father Yorke
referred to the colors of red and w iie in
which the hall was ornamented. He said
he did not know just what they meant at
first. He thought they might refer to free
silver and the Roman right hand until he
heard that they were the remnants of a
recent free-silver meeting, lie thought at
first that they might be a delicate com
pliment to the blood which has been seen
"in the moon out on Valencia street."
The subject of Father Yorke's address
was "Tbe Catholic Knight's of America.*'
He said substantially:
"You know this is an age of organiza
tion. Men and women have gone into so
cieties in order to advance their interests.
If we look in the social or political world
we find anything that it is uorth doing at
all is done by organization. We find the
Catholic church is not behind the times in
this. She is progressive in the matter of
organizations. She is for this world as
well as for the next. She wishes her chil
dren not only to be abreast of the times,
but to be ahead of the times.
"If there is one virtue needed by men,
youngandold.it is the virtue of stead
fastness and nru'lence. No nan is abso
lutely alone in the world. It is his duty
to see that there is before him such com
fort as <* modest provision wquld give. It
Is not humane or Christian to leave pos
terity in want. No man has a right to
brine children into the world unless he
provides for them.
"Th^idea of the family Is that it is
something continuous. Unfortunately in
our day the family seems to be only a
name. That iv fact is not the case. Tbe
head of tbe family should see and provide
that if he be taken away tbe family will
live in peace and comfort afterward. Few,
however, do this.
"There are a large number of million
aires, but no one cares to inquire too
carefully how they got their money.
Men should strive to provide for those
that come after them. Societies which
loot after the widow and the children
after the head of the family is away are,
to my mind, one of the best features of
our civilization. The Catholic Knights of
America seek to be such a society and to
preserve that Christian institution, the
Christian home.
"Can you imagine how much comfort
has been given by $7,000,000 paid to bene
ficiaries since 1877? It was not given as a
charity, but given as a right. [Applause.]
"One of the objects of this meeting is to
brine before Catholic men the objects of
this society. . We should be prepared for
both riches and poverty. It would be well
for young men starting out in the battle
of life to remember that the future has
claims and that wife and children
should not be left to cold charity. It is
your duty to insure yourself with benefit
societies, so that if you are taken away
something may be left to those who are
dependent upon you.
"Theee societies have their spiritual and
intellectual Rood as well. The day has
passed when Catholics need to apologize
for organizing as Catnolics. Men know
that in this City we are in the majority,
but defenseless.
"There is a necessity for Catholics or
ganizing, but not on political lines, thank
God. But we want no man to understand
that he can override us, because we are of
a religion that is guaranteed us by the
constitution. Two years ago strangers
came out of the woods and declared that
Catholics were not loyal. Was there a
paper in San Francisco that came to your
defence? No. If your rights are worth
having they are worth .fighting for. It is
the duty of Catholics to stand together
for their rights."
It was announced that the next lecture
tinder the auspices of the Ladies' Liberal
League would be given September 21, in
stead of September 28. The literary and
musical programme rendered was well
appreciated,. and called forth much ap
plause. _ _^___________
WITH BABE KNUCKLES.
Two Young Men Fight a Des
perate Battle in the
Mission.
Twenty-Eight Bloody Rounds in a
Local Clubroom— The Result
a Draw.
It took twenty-eight rounds of desperate
bare knuckle slogging early yesterday
moraine to settle a grudge that has
existed for a long time between Jimmy
Brit, once champion bantam-weight of the
coast, and Frank Lawlor, another well
known athlete whose doings in the fistic
arena have made him quite prominent.
Britt »nd Lawlor were formerly friends,
but bad a falling-out, some say, over a
member of the fair sex, and their greet
ings have recently been very frigid when
they met. Recently it came to the ears of
on* or the men that the other was making
desparazine remarks about his abilities as
a boxer, and a challenge to fight to a
finish with bare fasts was the result. Both
men are members of a well-known athletic
club in the Mission that has turned out a
great many S uod boxers, and on the
challenge being accepted it was decided to
hold the match there.
The location of the rine was kept an
absolute secret until the last minute, and
while the fighters were in training no one
except a favored few knew where the mill
wus to take place.
It was shortly after midnight yesterday
morning when the men were called into
the ring by the referee, a well-known
sporting man. Both men were in a con
dition that promised a long and desperate
engagement. The men were ready and
willine, and tbe effect of tbe fierce rallies
in which they engaged soon began to show
on their faces.
Lawlor'a lips began to look puffy before
the end of the third ,round, and be was a
little more cautious as he stepped about
Britt.
From the third to the twelfth round the
fighting was fast, but both men had bel
lows to mend and they took things easier
until the twentieth round, when another
tierce rally nearly resulted in Britt going
out from a right-hand swing that landed
on his neck.
He recovered in the next round, and
from that to the twenty-eighth round he
had a shade the best of the argument,
Lawlor being tired.
As there seemed to be little chance of a
finish beirtg seen for many rounds to come
and as both men were terribly punished,
thereferee called the match a draw. Both
will be confined to the house for days be
fore their faces will b ; presentable.
FRENCH LECTURES.
The Rev. M. Dupny Inaugurate* a Course
at the First Unitarian Church.
The members and friends of the Char
ming Auxiliary have secured the services
of the Rev. M. Dupuy, pastor of the
French Reformed Church, for a series of
French lectures, to be given in the audi
torium of the First Unitarian Church, on
the southwest corner of Franklin and
Geary streets.
The first lecture of the course was given
yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock before a
large and appreciative audience, tbe sub
ject being "Zola's "Rome* and Crawford's
'Saracinesca.' " Lectures will be given
every Thursday until the 15th of October,
inclusive, as follows: September 24,
"Idylle Tragigne de Paul Bourget, et tee
tendances actuelles"; October 1, "La
Petiip Paroisse" of Alphonse Daudet and
'"La Yieillesse dun Ecrivain"; Octobers,
"Lea Romanciers Francais a' Sensation";
October 15, "Un Poete Delicat, Jean
Icard."
Single admission tickets to the lectures
will be sold for 25 cents and season tickets
for the entire course for $1.
FOUND DEAD ON THE SOFA
Achille Waldteufel Passes
Away Under Most Peculiar
Circumstances.
The Gas Turned On, but It Is Be
lieved to Have Been the Result
of an Accident.
Acbllle Waldteufel, general manager of
the Catholic Art and Book Company, 723
Market street, was found dead in tbe par
lor of bis home, 414 Van Ness avenue t
yesterday morning. The deceased was
lying on the sofa when discovered. One
of the gas jets was turned on in full force,
the doors and windows tightly closed, in
dicating suicide, though the family pro
tests that death was the result of accident.
"It could not have been suicide," said
Mrs. Waldteufel. "There was no reason
why he should do such a thing. lam
sure it was the result of an accident."
Further than this the family do not care
to talk. This relicence has probably given
rise to the suicide theory.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Wood, who
rents the upper flat of 414 Van Ness
avenue to the Waldteufels, perceived a
strong odor of gas. She traced the odor
to the front parlor, which is used exclu
sively by her tenants. She called her son
and the two proceeded into the room. On
the sofa lay Mr. Waldteufel apparently
asleep.
Young Wood first found the jet from
which the gas was flowing, and stopping
that hastily opened all the doors and win
dows. Dr. Mattuer, who lives near by,
was hastily summoned, and as &oon as He
saw the man pronounced him dead. Just
when death occurred is not Known, though
the body was warm when found.
Deputy Coroners Smith and Hallett
were called, but were unable to learn
whether death was the result of suicide
or of accident.
Mr. Waldteufel has not been well for a
long time, asthma being the particular
trouble. For the last four nights be has
slept on the parlor sofa. Last night he
was lyine on the &ofa when his wife re
tired at 9 o clock. He was reading a news-
Eaper at the time, and it is presumed that
nally becoming sleepy, he attempted to
turn off the gas, but only partially suc
ceeded.
It is said that the business in which Mr.
Waldteufel was engaged has not been very
prosperous of late, though this is not
given as any reason why lie should com
mit suicide. Recently he La's moved from
the street floor to some rooms upstairs in
tbe History Building.
The deceased has been in the book busi
ness in this City for the last twenty years.
He was a natiye of France and about 66
years old. He leaves a wife and beveral
grown, sons_ and daughters, ail of whom
were partners in the Catholic Art and
I Book Company.
ILLEGAL FLAHING.
Many Arrests Made Within the Past
Few i ays.
The Deputy Fish Commissioners are do-
ing fine work in breaking up illicit ti?hing
in the streams of the Btate. Deputy A.W.
Wilson arrested six men ten mlies from
Modesto for catching salmon in a barbar
ous affair.
These fellows had a rabbit-tight wire
fence strung across the Tuolumne River.
It was &o arranged that the hsh were run
into a small wins, from which they were
tossed with pitchforks by the lawbreakers.
As this is the closed season and the. fish
were running up the river to spawn, the
fishermen were charged with catching
salmon out of season. Their cases will
come up ou Monday.
Deputy Davis landed another illegal
fisher on Wednesday at the mouth of
Montezurna Slough ior fishing in the
Ciosed salmon season. He got tbe fellow's
net. This makes the sixth net confiscated
this week in the upper bay.
CHINESE SHARRING AFFRAY.
Ye© Kee, a Merchant, "Wounded by
Hong Won, a Highbinder.
Yee Kee, a merchant, was stabbed in the
left breast last night on Washington and
Dupout streets. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Dr. Tnompson
dressed and tst-tcbed the wound. It was
about two inches deep, but is not consid
ered dangerous.
Wong Won, a highDinder, was arrested
and taken to the California-street station,
where he was charged witu assault to com
mit murder. He belongs to a "tong" that
boycott-d a store on Washington and Du
pont streets. Yee Kee was warned not to
enter the store, but he did so last night,
and as he left Wong Won stabbed him.
The new line of Ladles' Purses,, Valises,
Card Cases, etc., lor fall trade as arrived and
is now on tale at Sanborn & Vails. *
TIIJS SAJN JJKAJN CISCO CALL, JJ'KIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
WHITE MARBLE
AND TERRA COTTA
Handsome New Masonic
Hall for Mission Lodge,
F. and A. M.
IT WILL COST $25,000.
Plate Glass, Enriched Front and
Latest Styles of Archi
tecture.
A SPACIOUS BAKQUET HALL.
Fine Mosaic Vestibule* Entrances to
Two Lodgerooms on the
Second Floor.
The work of constructing the handsome
new Masonic Hall for Mission Lodge No.
169, F. and A. M., will begin as soon as tbe
preliminaries can be arranged. The plans
The New Building; of Mission Lodge No. 169, Free and Accepted Masons, to Ec Erected on Mission
Street, Between Twenty-Second and Twenty-Third. It Wili Cost $25,000.
Plan of the Interior of the Temple of Mission Lodge No. \69, Free and Accepted Masons.
for tbe hall, by Architects Hermann and
Swain, have been accepted. The perspec
tive shows a Masonic Temple that is a
credit to Mission Lodge and to architec
ture.
The temple will be three stories high,
with part basement, and it is to be erected
on the west side of Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, and will
occupy a lot 64x125 feet in dimensions.
The first story will be of marble and the
other two stories of Roman brick and
terra-cotta. There will be two stores in
the first story, with plate-glass windows
and tiled vestibule entrances.
The entrances to the lodsrerooms on the
second and third floors wili be of Doric
architecture, eleven feet wide outside of
the columns, with mosaic vestibules and
msrble wainscoting.
On the second door will be one large
lodjieroom. 43x63 feet, and one small
lodneroom, witu -i cluster of anterooms.
On the third floor there will be a ban
quet-room, 50x50 ieet square, with ladies*
cloakrooms. The front of the building
will emboJy the three most Drominent
styles of architecture — the Doric, lonic
and Corinthian. The trimmings will be
in terra cotta, highiy enriched.
The cost of the new templo will be not
less than $25,000.
IMBEZZLEMWNT CHARGED.
Warrant Oat for the Arrest of C. F.
Schadd of the Carpenter*' Union.
F. M. Thompson, presid nt of the Dis
trict Council of the Carpenters' and Join
ers' Union, swore to a complaint in Judee
Campbell's court yesterday charging C. F.
Schadd with embezzlement.
Thompson said that Schadd was ap
pointed district organizer of tbe union
and got $63 55 to organize branches
throughout. ;he district. The last pay
ment made to him was $50.
Schadd failed to organize any branches,
and when brought to task as to wnat he
had done with the money he said that on
the nisrht he got the $50 he was held up
and robbed. The council did not credit
his story and Thompson was authorized
to swear to a warrant for his arrest on the
charge of embezzlement.
FRENCH ANNIVERSARY.
The Lyre Francaise Will Celebrate the
Proclamation of the Republic.
A local musical French society, the
Lyre Francaise, has organized for next
Sunday a grand patriotic fete in commem
oration of the one hundred and fourth
anniversary of the proclamation of the
French republic.
Great preparations are being made for
the programme, which will be a literary
and musical one. Sylvain Weill, the
president of the day, will give an oration,
and tbe Lyre Francaise, directed by J. B.
Perron, will alternate with the Carnot
Harmony Society, directed by Hue-Paris,
in rendering patriotic airs. "The Mar
seill&Ue" will be sung by M. Gouignou.
DEMOCRATS
IN THE DOOR
They Must Work for Cator
for United States
Senator.
TERMS OF THE COMPACT
Mr. Cator Says He Is the Logical
Candidate of the Demo
crats.
HE REPRESENTS THE DCCTRINE
Which Is the Cornerstone of Democ
racy, and He Expects Demo
cratic Support.
It is evident that Thomas V. Cator be
lieves that be is the candidate of and de
serves and is entitled to the support of the
Democrats in his race for the United
States Senatorship. The terms of the res
olution of union agreed to by the Demo
crats and Populists of this State as a basis of
joint action seem to warrant the statement
that he has the Democrats in the door.
Mr. Cator started for Fresno last nicht.
Be *ook along a satchel well filled with
statistical and other information. He
made no secret of the fact where he was
going, and offered no coy denial that he
was on political business bent, when he
was asked by a reporter for The Call
about politics from his point of view. In
fact, be said, with every indication of farm
conviction, that he would know very soon
more about the Democratic-Populistic
union nominees for seats in the Legisla
ture than he knows now.
Expressing ttia matter briefly and in
matter-of-fact lashion, Thomas " V. Cator
started out last nipht on another of those
tours through the Bate of which more or
less has been said, and the main purposo
he had in view was to see that his political
fences were put into the best condition
possible to meet climatic vicissitudes inci
dental to the political month of Novem
ber. He said that he has been touring
some. He has talked about the United
btates Senatorship with the masses orreD
resentative members of the same. He has
considered carefully the attitude of the
Democratic leaders in this State who are
pledged under the resolution by which
fusion between the Democrats and Popu
lists was effected to help elect such mem
bers of the Legislature as are jointly nom
inated.
"I am a candidate for the United States
Senatorship as a matter of course," said
Mr. Cator, briskly, "and I am supposed to
be and am working to succeed, but I do
not want to be placed in a false position in
this matter. The Populist party has
mapped out for itself and has pursued a
different programme in reference to the
United States Senatorship from that of
the other parties. It has made its nomi
nation already for the Senatorship. It
has placed me in the position of standard
bearer in this matter. Do you not see
that I am in a different position than I
would be if I were personally seeking the
election?
"The Populists, when they nominated
me fcr United States Senator, undoubt
edly expected that I would work to the
best of my ability to cany out their views.
The terms of the union of the Popuiists
and Democrats under the resolution
adopted to effect fusion, pledged both
parties to support t c nominees for the
Legislature who are named jointly. I
have no doubt of the good faith of the
Democrats in this matter. I find that the
rank and tile of the people, Democrats
and Populists, favor my election as Sena
tor. This does not take account of the
gold Democrats, who are so few that they
count very little, and of them I have taken
little account."
"Do you mean to say, Mr. Cator, that
the resolution to effect fusion pledged tbe
Democrats to favor the election of the
nominee of the Popuiists f«w the position
of United States Senator?"
"No, I do not mean to say that and do
not wish to be understood "that way. I
think you will agree that I am tbe logical
candidate for the Uuited States Senator
ship from either side of the house — Demo
cratic or Populist. So far as the Popu
list nomination is concerned, I think
that I can say that it has
been won fairly. I have worked in
tbe free silver cause six years and have
upheid the principles of the Populist
party all through. Mr. Bryan makes the
advocacy cf the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1 the leading issue of the
campaign. I believe in that fully. The
Senator who will be elected lrom Califor
nia should be in full sympathy with the
nominee for the Presidency of both the
Populists and the Democrats."
"Why do you think that the Democrats
will support you ior the United States
Senatorship?"
"Well, I have already said that I fand
none of th« leaders are hostile. I also
find that ths rank and tile are friendly.
The terms of fusion or union, under the
resolution, took in joint action on Legis
lature, Congrfssman and President."
"But have you assurances of the sup
port, such assurance being personally re
ceived, from all the iu*io» candidates for
the Legislature who have been named?"
Mr. Cator fenced with this question and
diplomatically answered that he had not
yet talked with all tbe nominees. "I
will soon know better how taey stand,"
he said.
"It would be interesting to know what
progress you have made in tbe interior,
Mr. Cator."
"Eh?" said Mr. Cator. "Eh, what is
that?"
"How many voters are you sure of np
to date?"
The Populist leader smiled, and into hxs
eyes came a far-away look, in which hope
aDd diplomacy seemed to be about equally
apportion- d.
"Ah, yes; I have not talked with all the
nominees, so I <io not know."
"Well, you know of some?"
Mr. Cstor smiled again, but he did not
mention any names. "I want to say once
more," he said, "that I am making this
contest because I am instructed to do so
by my party. It is the interest of the
Democratic party to secure the election of
a United States Senator who isentirelv in
sympathy with Mr. Bryan. I believe that
the union ticket will carry California. I
think that it is generally recognized that
I am the legitimate candidate."
Mr. Cator arrived at the ferry in advance
ol the time lor the boat to depart and put
in his leisure time discussing the situation
with other travelers, principally from the
interior, who had congregated at the ferry
and were awaiting to 'begin their home
ward journey. In this way he may have
collected a little more information about
the outlook.
FISTIC AFFAIRS.
Tracey and Green Have Agreed Upon a
Postponement of Their
Match.
The Occidental Athletic' Club will give
its next entertainment on Thursday even
ing, October 8. Manager Mitchell signed
two men yesterday, who will appear in a
sii-rouiivi contest prior to the event of the
evening. They are "Kid" Howard ot
British Columbia and Jim Brown, the
colored Hercules of Oakland. The pugil
ists will enter the ring weighing 145
pounds. The preliminary entertain ments
will wind up with a lour-round contest of
La Savate between Messrs. Bacchus and
Fouche, two noted exponents of the fam
ous French athletic game. Tracey and
Green have agreed upon terms regarding
a postponement of tbe entertainment
from September 30 to October 8, and they
are now in trr.inine at their resDOctive
stations.
Runaway Girls.
Gussie Mor.doza, 17 years of age, a colored
girl, and Elia LangJey, 15 years of nge, ran
awny from their homes in Stockton on Monday.
They were arrested last night by Detective
Aninouy and Po, iceman Colon and taken to
the City Prison. Uuesie will be sent to the
Magdalen Asyiuin and J£Ua will be sent back
home tc-Uny.
Fractured His Skull.
A man übout 30 years of ago fell clown the
steps leading to a dive at Sacramento and
Kearny streets early yesterday morning and
lractured his skull. He was taken to the Re
ifvii'g Hospital and Dr. Weil operated up in
him. He is in a critical condition. There was
nothing in his pockets to iead to his identifica
tion.
NEW TO-DAT.
GOLD CURE,
Liquor and Opium Hab't — Cures Guaranteed
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges, home treatment, book
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD LURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento. Cal.
tjp% MANHOOD RESTORED^"-'--"
3[ _«-■ wj 3^P _. T lwinilßl****!* 1IIb«£ I VllkWitaUzer.the prescript
W "<^ t°X mgm 53? (S» '- tioa 0I a jamous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
Vi\ ,\ 1 \fT -\1 vons or . diseases ol the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
N. L.3&.1 V# / a J Insomnia-Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
V g^L T '<mmf .Pimples, TJnfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcooele and
\r r V -/ Constipation, ilt stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
•-X«St*/ ness oi discharge, which lfnotchecKPd lends to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE inn fIPTFB all tho horrors of Impotency. t'CPIDESE cleanses theliver, an
5 BEFORE AND AFTER : i dners and the urinary organs of all impurities. /"' ia *
* m CCPrwBJITE strengthens and restores small weak organs. '- . ■•." , ■" •
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proat»mi*. CCPI DENE is the only kno^T remedy to cure without un opt ration. 5000 tpstlmont.
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cure.
|1.00 ft box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for fkie circular and testimonials.
Addxesa UAVOIi AII2.DIU.UiJS CO. • 1170 Market street. Ban Francisco, CaL For sale by
' '.•- ■":*"■ ■"■"■ NEW TO-DAT.'
• Headquarters n
' California Silver Campaign- Committee. >-
Baldwin Hotel. j
ANOTHER GRAND
SILVER RALLY!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 19, 1896.
HON. M. F. TAYLOR
OK DENVER,
The Eloquent Champion of the People's Cause,
and Others, will Address the Meeting.
MUSIC AND GLEE (LIB SIMG.
All silver Clubs invited to be present.
Come early and set a seat.
WILLIAM P. LAWLOK,
Chairman Campaign Committee.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
nsi.6o.
BIG
CUT
IN
DOUGLAS
SHOES.
That high fence Interferes with our trade. No
one can deny it. It hurts us, and we have to sell
cneap to do business. This week we will sell
Douglas' Boys' and Youths' Button or Lace Shoes
below cost. Almost giving them away. Special
price 51. 60, reduced from $2. sizes' In Button
shoes from 11 to 6%; sizes in Lace Shoes from
11 10 4^j-
SPEClAli— Ladies' Don sola Kid Oxfords, square
or pointed toes and V-shaped patent leather tip*,
solid wearers, sizes 2 1 to 5, reduced for this weelc
from 1*1. 50 to 75c. Every pair guaranteed.
Ifff- Country orders solicited.
MS" Send for Kew Illustrated Catalogue
• Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
The Power of
Beauty
IS ENFORCED BY HEALTH. IN MAN
■■• as /well as woman a bright eye, clear
complexion and happy disposition depend
upon the condition of the nervous system.
By overwork or other causes men waste
the power of the nerves, and the bright
sparkle leaves the eye, giving place to a
dull, languid look, which tells of the
power lost.
Nature gives us Electricity to build up
weakened nerves, to restore the power of
manhood and womanhood. Dr. Sanden's
Electric B It is the perfection of all the
latest discoveries in electric self-treatment.
It is worn while you sleep, and In the
morning every nerve, every vital organ, is
saturated with electric energy, animal
magnetism; the nerves tingle and leap
with joy at the recovery of their lost force,
the eye grows brighter in a day, the step
quick, and the whole body gives evidence
of a new-found strength.
"Your belt has done me more good In two
months than any amount of medicine ever
could, and I can recommend it highly. I feel
very grateful to you for my recovery," writes
H. Stuart oi 1139 Market street. City, Septem-
ber 11, '96.
Are you a slave to drugs? Are you one
of those who hesitate to adopt a new rem-
edy? If so, consider the feet that this
wonderful Electric Belt chows new cures
every cures after the failure of all
other, known treatments. Get Dr. San-
den's book, "Three Classes of Men," free,
closely sealed. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
.030 Market Street, San Francisco,'
Opposite .Palace Hotel. Office hours; .4 a. m. a
b:BU i". it.- Sundays, 10 to 1.
' ■ Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
VOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR,
itUl bomb Broadway. | 253 Washlnstoa straac .
, nrz ~ — : ' — — — '
TWON BEI>«i;
X.) ■■: ym BRASS beds.'
y^*~ j, . FOLDING BEDS* -
Wire and Hair juj.
• ■../; tresses, Keclinin: .
LJLA - Chairs, Wheel Ctiatrt, •
! T ' Tff : Commodes, Bade Uaj:i I .
j I V ftUTfllf V - A. SCHROCJS,
*^i''«i'ii, . •*•*• .1 ' IL» ' >iew Montgomery ,
I * • C?' "■ J - St., under Ur»u4
. , .^ uoio., S. *".
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
H31.UA1.1 OF XMli *iA.i..J*.iiA'3.
Silver higher again.
Wheat advanced a fraction.
Other Cereals quiet.
} ran lower. Middlings easy.
Hay still weak.
Beans unchanged.
. Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Vegetables very dulL
But; er demoralized and lower.
Ra eh Egas firmer. Cheese unchanged.
' Poultry dull.
Fruits very quiet.
Dried Fruit unchanged-
Canned fruit in fair shape.
Provisions sell very well.
Wool continues to move.
Lumber shipments increase 100%.
Increased receipts of Wine and Brandy.
WINE AND BRANDY RECEIPTS.
Receipts of Wine at this port during the first
eight months of the year were 10,584.400 gallons,
against 10,193.600 gallons during the same period
In 181*5. hecnip H of Bran lv were 106.016 gallons,
against 06,290, . • .- v
LIMBER EXPORTS.';
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
first eight months of the year were 20,866,000
feet, against 10,054,'j00 feet during the same
period in ib9s.
CANXKD A>D I>KIEI> FRUIT.
Both Markets Are in Average Con
dition
The circular ot the Cutting Packing Company
says of Canned and Dried Frnl: :
CANNI-D FRl'liS— Apbicots— Nothing of In
terest except that the stiff nrtvanceln dried has
confirmed the better fee ing previously advined-
I.ittle dome, although theie is so-ne new inquiry
for jobbing parcels for export. Kxtras sre in sii rt
sui ply atid there will be no carry over of '96 pack
Of standards.
Cherries— standard Black are rleanei up, with
only a light stock of extra Red anU White aud
Standard rt 1 lie.
Pkaches— Frees are in much better supply than
expected in ' ul-usi, but of the poores, qua ity,
and the pack will be 111 iicii shorter than a tit ipated.
Climes are at a premium, packers paying from S3O
to $40 per ton against $25 to $30 for contracts un
which early sales were Duse.l. Quality equally as
poor as frees. Contracts for extras will not, us a
wi o.e, be filled over one half and not all for
btiwi'l.ir ia in full.
Peaks— A large pp.cking of standards and sec
onds Mulshed wo weeks ago. uu.put of ex ras
very u.im. All will no off very readily at fair
prices, lue denim... being cxc ht-n: lrom all qiar
ters.
Pldms— Short pack— better loquiry. but as there
was nu c rr -over. siock» wl 1 be clean- d up early.
Small FSI'llI > o carry-over and a very light
pack. Dt-manu t;->od.
1 omatoks— PacKing jnst begun. An excellent
crop — quality good and d. mand lively, the market
being wholly bare of old KOC'<.
A general improvement In trade is noticab'e
from all directions, and while there is no spun , we I
look for a Kradu.n iucr-ane and s.esd. de:ii..n<l all
throuxh the fall. Finance'! are not troubling
packers as much as a mooth aco, but neverihe.. ss
tiiey are not lahins owr each o,h r lv their • fforts
to accumulate a phenoinenu'ly 1,. r.e pack, and it
is witnin the bounds of probability that »n output
based on the legitimate requirements of tue trade
wl.l he ihe result 01 lieh.n us fern ia the mem
ory of most of the pa< kers on th«- c >;ist.
DHIfcD t Rl'iTS— apeicots— A good export
and domestic uemand has d « eas d stocks con
siderably. no: over 75 carlo as being unsold in the
sta:e most of it of fair quality only, prices ranging
n.irii 6 to 7c for lioy.:.s atid 10c per pound for
Moorparka.
PEACHKS-Have also been goin.- out freely ai
BVfc o ,i3/4.c for chon c and 5 o 6c for fancy stock.
The dry ug wil. fall cons dt-rab.e uelow tiat of last
year, prob.bly not exceeding 50 per cent 01 the
1895 output. (.101 stock is being bought up as
fast as offered at above prices.
KAisiNe— l'ic^in^ is general over the Ban
Joaquiii Va ley. but cool 11 -Irs are n-tarding the
curing of the trail, which, w. h favorab c weather,
caiin.'t now come in until .lie las. of his mon.h,
except in a limited way. From present appenrances
there will not be over 50 per cent of last year's dry
ln« iuste: dor 60 per c. n , as aiateii by us earlier
In the season. The iruit Is sma 1 in size and the
crop as a whole will not run over 6 percent 10 8
per ten 4 crown.
Prunes— Cool weather is delaying the drying.
'Ihe crop which will not exceed 60 t0 75 percent of
last year's is running to small and ajediuui sizes.
OVERLAP!) SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments to the East from Northern
and Central California via Southern Pacific lines in
August were 41,069 tons, as follows: From san
Francisco, 1?».795 tons: Oakland, 19^6; San Jose,
2391: Stockton, 2494: Sacramento and East,
15.059: Marysvuie, 385.
The leading articles were: 949 tons Beans, S9» do
Borax. 2v.. 750 gals Brandy, 597 5t 0 do Wine. 2031
tons Canned Goods, 1300 00 Dried Fn. is. .4.087
do Ureen Fruits. 13 do Nuts, Itiß do Kaisins, 106 do
Hay. 159 do Hides. 38 do Honey. 12 <i<. Hops. 362
do Leather. 885 do Potatoes, 3Mf> do Powder. 48 do
Quicksilver. 213 do Wool, 205 do Canned Salmon.
43 do coffee, 113 do x.ice. 9774 do Sugar and 1444
do Tea.
rrxpranatton.
The arrow files with -he wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperatur* for the
days: those underneath It. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therm*. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bieh" means hleh barometric pressure «nd
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the press is nigh in the Interior
and low along the coas . and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when' the "l<.w" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of 1 'rt-r^n is improb
able. With « "high" In Ibe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, wannef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
•rill produce an opposite result. '
WJEATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
I'NITED f-TATKS DKPARTMKNT OK AoRICULr
TrRE, WEATHKB UIRKAf, SAS FRANCISCO. Sent.
17, 1896. 5 P. M — Wea.tier coudinona and general
forecas 1 . :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Knreka — , Ked Bluff -<4, *an Francisco 68.
Fresno h6, San Lv s <>t>ispo 84, Los Angeles 82,
ban Die«o 68, Yum a 106.
San Francisco aa;a— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 54, mean 61.
An area of low barometer overlies Arizona,
Western Texas and the grea'. valleys of California.
The pressure a: Yuma Is J9.46 inches, or nearly
3-10. of an inch be on the normal. The pressure In
thegr at valleys of California is about 2-10 of an
Inch belo the normal, 'i here has been a fall over
the entire country w»-sl of the ltocky Mountains.
The emperature han f.i len along the Pacific
Slope and througlioti Nevada and t tab.
'lh're has been an increase in cloudiness over
Lower Califorii a during the past twenty-four
hours.
A low of considerable intensity appears to be de
velop, ns over the south m j-al toft he Pacific Slope.
Jlit-h northwesterly win. Is are likely tooccural ng
the northern cor.st of California.
Forecast made at San Fra- cisco for thirty hours
ci.di c nildniuht. September 18. 1896:
Northern < alif'Tnta-Cloud^ and threatening
FINANCIAL, i
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
vv nttLoCK & CO.,
*i . LeldesdorfX St., Tel. Main 1954,
mmmbk*- bbamch OFFICE bbkbw
128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
. . J. B. I'IUDV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latent market quo-
tation*. Reference Ist National Bank. & F.
JSiICXU* *JUVAi\k, WI&K *JCW YORK*
weath<r, with conditions favorable for showers:
high north wesierl. winds.
southern Call ornla— Cloudy and threatening
wea'.her' with 1 Ondtlons favorable for shOn-erH:
fr ah westerly winds; sandstorms iulaud; warmer
on the coast Km ay and rrida night. ,
Nevada— Coudy and threatening weather:
warmer. "
Utah.— Cloudy and threatening weather: warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy aid threatening - wea:her, with
probable showers. ,
San Francisco and viclnl'.y— ' loudy and threaten
ing weather; high we* erly winds.
A. G. Me Abie. i.ocal Forecast Official.
NEW YOliK MAUKEIJ.
1 inHiirla!.
JN'FW.YORK, N. V., Sept. 17.-Btocks were
dull bnt strong to-day. The transactions footed
up only 143.710 shares, including 38.300 Sui;ar,
20,700 St. Paul and 106.900 Manhattan. Opera
tors, who were generally arrayed on the bear side
yesterday, 1 made a complete change of front and
were moderate buyers throughout me session. At
the start the ' market ' was stimulated by more
favorable advices from London regarding the
political situation in t.e East and by the an
nouncement that the governors of the Bank of
England had not advanc-td the rate of discount
after all. Near the close it was rumored thai
Lazard Freres hurt engaged a big block of go.d
abroai for shipment to New York.
The report mis subsequen;ly confirmed, and it
was stau-d that the firm in question has secured
4.000,0 oof the metal. This brings the total' on
the way, enga ed and arrived since august 28
last, up to 36.000,000. 1 his new enga ement had
a strengthening effect, and the shorts were bidders
lor s.o k- right up to the adjournment or the board.
Manhattan and sugar, were the particularly s rong
stocks The former advanced from 81% to 8534.
The rise is attributed to coverings Of a long out
standing short interest. Sugar bounded up from
1093 8 to 111%, and was in sharp .eai.nd through
out. The- Grangers, . Internationals, Tobacco,
Chicago Gas and Leather preferred advanced % to
1 3 per cent, and closed at or near the best figures
of i u«y
The unfavorable developments were the dear
nest of money, 8 per cent being aid for all loans
In some cases, and the decrease of $11. ',500 in
rim »s • arum, a fiom the St. 1 aul for the second
week of Sept- uiber. ."-either naU any influence,
however, and illation clos d strong with an
upward tendency. Nit Chan .es show gains of Vi
in 4 per cent, me .atter in Manhattan
80. .ds were dull and firm, ties were only
$563, 00. East Tennessee divisional fives rose
1% to 11; Erie pri r lien fours, i% to 87; Gen
eral Klectnc deferred fives. 1 to 86 Heading sec
onds preferred, 1 to 19, and Texas Pacific firs.s, 1
to 79.
Government bonds at the board were firm, but
without sale.
•ruin.
Fl.oi'R — Firm. Winter wheat, low grades,
f 1 70@2 50; do, fair to fancy, $2 40&3 40; do,
patents, $3 45@3 75: Minn -soia clear. *3 'Midi
3 70. do, h rail;,, $.' 85 @3 . 0: do. patents, «3 If (g,
4 05: low ex ras. *1 7t|^2 50: city mills, $0 90;
do, patents, $4@4 25. Rye flour more' active,
steady. $■- 25(&2 .5.
C »!;\ ME L— Quiet; steady. YeUow Western,
SI 95@2. ■ •
11l . -Quiet. Western, 38S/4®B9c.
BARLEY— Quiet. New fettling.. B V4®3o»4c.
WHEAT — j.or- active; firmer. No. '1 re-d. f. o. b.,
6Pi/gc; No. •<■,—; ungraded red, 68>«70c; No. 1
Northern. 67% c.
Options advanced i/a@ " Vs" on firmer cables,
foreign buying, .neat c ver.ng, b-tter tt'i stern
markets md W:!l-s. reel uu ing f 11 a/ a c on realiz
ing and closed steady a %@<&c over y.-Bt*rd.iy.
with an act ye trade. December and May most
active. No. 2 red. May, closed 71c: --eptfinber,
t>6s/ g c; o. ; b-r, 66% c; November, 6ti'/8c; De
ceinoer. 67^gc.
CORN— DuII; firmer. No. 2, 26% c elevator;
271/8° afloat.
Onions were dull and firm at Vs®',*'" advance on
better cables and local covering a; December only
traded in. ■ "-epiember .6Vsc: Ociuoer, i.tj%c:
Decemher, 28c: Mar. 30"/4 C
OATs-wore active; firmer.
O| lions dull; firm. September,- 2014 c; Octo
ber. 20V*c; December, 2iy 8 c
l-Ol prices: No. 2, 201,4 : No. I white. 24c: No. '£
Chicago, il%c:.->o 3, j«%c: No. 3 white. 21*4 c;
mixed Western, 18©21% c; white do, 2U@29%c
i rnviilnm .
LAKD— Quiet, firm: Western steam closed nt
*3 67%^3 .0: city, S3 40: option sales none;
St-ptenjoer. $3 70. nominal: refined slow; con
t!'cm, 14; bourn American, $1 45: cotupounj,
• s/i@4cs /i@4c
1 uRK — Slow, steady ; new mesa, $7 60®
8 25.
BITTER— DuII, weak: W esiern dairy. h@l l%c;
do creamery. 11016 c: do factory, 7<aillc: Elgins.
2 @ll>c: imitation creamery, 9%r^l2c.
CnKKsE— Moderate demand: part skims,
3@6c: full sk 111-. 1 %©-&
— Cioice. st^ajy; U'ehtern fresh, 14@16c;
do V case. «-"2 H ©GO.
•1 ALLiiw-Miong, fair demand; city, 314 c:
coun;rv. Syg«3%c
COTTON Steady, quiet; crude, 21c;
yellow, prime. 24c
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York,
$b 85; Philadelphia, »6 bO: do lv bulk, $4 30@
4 85.
RICK— Firm; domestic, 3%@5%c; Japan,
4@ti / 4c.-» - • *
-vi « LASSES— FairIy active, firm; Sew Orleans,
27(ffi:-7c.
FL.>X SEKD— 72%C, C i. f.
COFFEE— Options barely steady, Rto 20 points
lower; closed steady, ten to thirty points down.
September, fi 40@9 50: tictooer. 896.9 05;
November, $8 9. I @9; December. *8 7O@B 90;
Januar. ,$8 75@8 85: March, $8 70@8 85; May.
$« 70@8 75. No. 10, dull, steady; 0.7, lUViC.
sui.A It— Dul , steady; No. 6. 48 /8 c: No. 7. 41 4. :
No. 9, 4 11-16 c; Mold A, c: off A. 4 7-iti:*
4l/ 2 c; s amt;Td A, 4»ic; confectioners' A. 4<^c;
cut loaf, 53/ B e- crushed. b^'«c; powdered, oc:
granulated, 4:54 c; cubes, 5c
] mil and I rod nee.
APRICOTS— nags, new, B%®loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, oil, li®l4c: do nnpeeied,
GCa-Sc.
PRUNES— Four sizes nominal. 4*4(<£sc.
RA ISINB— Two-erowr. 4%cr do three-crown.
51/2'": do ;our-rrowu, &u.@>{.'; do London layers,
tl@l 15: clusters. SI 2ota. 40.
huPs— Quiet and unchanged. Pacific Coast, 3d
6i«c.
WOOL— Steady, moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 16&23 C; pulled, 18uv31c; lexas, 7©l2i
MerchmiriUn.
Tin iroy— Quiet Amerlc»n. «10 25@12 50.
COrPEI!-Kssy. Lake. 10 75«ll. :
lilAi.— steady. Domestic. *•£ BJ@2 85.
3 IN- Quiet. - strain. »13@13 10; tales quiet.
krELIEK-Easy. D • *dts^i6o
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHTCA«4O, lUm Sep:. 17.— A strong bullish
sentiment was In evidence at the opening of the
wheat market to-da ■. On the curb before the
opening an advance of %c was gainrd and as
much ore »us added during the first few minutes
of the reculnr sessslon. The belief In an early fall-
Ing off in Northwesiern receipts, in conjunction
with reported heavy freight engagements at the
seaboard, was the principal agent for strength.
Firm European markets were also Important ad
juncts 10 the bull encouragements., Liverpool was
l /2& .id hiph»r at tht- opening, receipts in the
Nortnwt'-t were 832 cars, against 1048 lost Thurs
day and 1138 a year aro Chicaco had2~l cars
and inspected out 197,646 bushels. Th - Cincin
nati Price Current rei:or ed no change in the crop
status. < losing Liverpool cables were id higher.
Paris closing partly higher and par.l/ lower. Ber
lin »/*@l mark higher a d Antwerp unchanged.
Export clearances were fair at 33 .716 bushels.
Ihe ull appreciation l-i prices was not sustained
to the close, ow tig to. the propensity for realizing
shown dv ■ any onjvrs. iiece 1 ber heat oppn^d
from «• 8 /ic 10 60%n. so d between 60% to 60SAC
and bl%c closing at 60% clO 61c. %c higher
1 tian ytttterday. Estimated receipts tor tit-mor
i row. 145 cars.
I CORN — Kelylqg prlncipa'ly on the wheat mar-
I ket for direction, corn was slightly higher, but far
from active. Keceip-s show a falling off, 376 tars
I arriving this morning, whereas 475 cars were es
i timated. Wl.iidrawuls from ore were 251.493
j bushels The Ciuc inrnii Price Current stated
i briefly that the com crop si ration whs unchanged
from a weeK ago. . Liverpool cabl n quoted 1/4 d
advance. Kz pan c earances were 125.07 d tjusn
els. .May corn opened at -4.";/ H e. advanced to
24 %c. c osln;; at 34&' B■-.8 ■-. a shade hUher thnn ve4
teraay. Estlma ed receipts for to-morrow, 400
cars. '
OATS— Advanced by means of the good offices
of a stronger wbea. marke . Bust was main, v
local, bu commission houses reported a few out
side orders. He eipts were 223 cars, and 297.923
bushels were taken fro n store, -.xport clear
ances amounted .0 8494 bushels. May oa s closed
a shade higher. mated receipts for to-mor
row. 240 cars.,
FLAX— Whs easy. Cish. 65% c: September,
66V9C uoininai; December, 67y<(a,07 3 4C Receipts
were .< > c«r.i. .
PROVISIONS— Hogs were In heavier supply at
the yards thii morning than yesterdav'a estimate
indicated. Thin caused an unfavorable aen.lment
in ti.e product market at the open. pr.ces re
cediug moderately. The strength of w 1 eat nelped
the 1. ellng in provislu 8 later, a fair recovery tak
ing puce At the close January pore was 60
lower. January lard a shade higher and January
ribs a shade lower.
. -BUTT. .it— Tne batter market was quiet and
steady v.t- day. Although receipts were moderate,
offerings, owing to accumulation, were heavy.
I'lie demand *at slow. •: rl es Wt r<» unchanged.
Creameries-Extras, 15c V Ib: firsts. 13©14 c;
secouas, lo@l.c: imitations, iancy, 1 •.!(#.
Liairiei.-Kx.ras, 13c: nrs.u, Il($l2c: B e< onus, 10c
Ladles— fcxtraa, 9Va@lOc: firsts, 8»8%c; packing
stock. tt«i..c: «r.a»e, 4@6c. —7.
KOCis— , demaud tor eg? s continued good
ami a firm feeling prevailed. Offerings were not
heavy. Pnc«s were unchanged. Fresh stock,
13 14c V doz.
■- i,u.\ti-\ti3 ti@7x on call and 1% on time
loans. &r» \\iin. eacbauce sold at *1 10 dis
count .). j
'. < lo»In<»' Prine«; '
- T _6«Dtember. 68% c; December, 60y 8 c;
. rOßN— September. 21c; December, 21 %c; May,
•-4% c. , - '■•-'■ .... ...
Ma^V^V^^ - 17% c: »«•»'»'. 16J^ c:
-.; j«jKk — >ni-mber. *5 72%: October, %i> 72%-
January, 86 ;••%. . ,7*
i Ai-.i— hejjtt^oer.' *3 37%: October, $3 37%:
January. *3 76. - . -.■.... vi
... - snuuiwr, 13 10; October, *3 10; Janu
ary. *:« 87%.
1 ve-to.-c
OJUON KTOCKYAKDS. lv., Sent. 17.-The
supply of cattle on sale 10 day was light. The de
mand was not urgent and prices held steady.
There was a fairly active demand for hogs, and
prices ruled steady to stronger. The offerings
were mo ierate. Sheep were flr>n. The offerings
wen- nir and the demand good.
CATTLJc - Kereinis. 8500. Fancy beeves.
95 OU(S,S 10: choice 10 Mime, 1300 10 1700 ft) steers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18,-1896. '
94 601314 95 : good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 Ib.
(4 -A>(a,l 55: medium steers. 1000 to 1 300 Ib. S3 90
(a: 4 15: fair beef steer*. t»6O to l»00 lbs,
S3 60 & 3 86: butcher steers. S3 10 (ai .< 60;
choice siockeri and feeders. 900 to 1250 Ib. 13 35
Girt .6; fair da 60U to 875 Iti. $'J 606^3 So; bulls,
choice to extra. 9«' BO<2>;> 0: bulls, poor to choice,
SI lb(a.'- 75: cows ana ii Ifer*. choice to extra. S3 60
93 bO: cows, fair to choice, *-' 25@3 40: • ows.
common to fair canners. 91 -s(ft2 10; calves, good
to cbo cc. *5 76&6 00: calves, common to good,
$:< COlfliS 70: '1 exits .grass steers, S2 20®.' K6.
Texas cows and bulls. SI 76®2 50: W. stern tan-,
ning steer*. $2 65@14: Western range cows ana hi-if
m. OOki:M _'5 milkers aril ' springer*. %i head,
*i!0(a,38: Western ranse steers, $-' 700)3 70. .
iiOGS— Receipts. 32.000.' i.eavy packlnc ana
rluppln^ lots. 92 7i',;a.3 15: common to choice
mixed, 92 75(a,3 20: choice assorteJ. $0 26@
.3 30: licht, *2 86®3 30: pigs. SI 60«3 25.
miEI-.p— Receipts. 15,0ju. luienoc to choice,
*2(&3; lambs, *3t043 to 4 25.
lAUFOIiMA FRUIT BAT.ES.
CHICAGO, lix., Sept. 17. -The Earl Fruit Coin
pan sold California fruit, to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett, 91 55@1 80. Grapes— Tokay,
45c@Sl 35; Muscat, EOc@sl 05. Prunes—ltal
ian, HOC.
i\£W YORK, N. V., Bept. 17— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bart Id t, 95v@$2 06 per box: oth r va
rietlts, 40c@Sl 10. rapes— Tonay, 3«c@*l 65
for stnule cr-t<>s: Black Morocco, 91 30: other
varieties, 4U.<ssl 15. Quinces— sl per box.
Peaches— 60@al>c per box.
X\x-». -v aOCK-«.
I'.onds, Exchange. Money and Railroad
Sliar- ..
Money on call firm at 5U8%: last loan at 6%
and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile paper,
-C<Blo'.. i.»r Bi.vtr, 65»4C Mexican dollars. 60E/s
@si*ic. (Sterling bxcuaiue is steady, with actual
business in Cankers' bills at $4 81%@4 81%
tor • xty oays, and 94 833/404 84 for lemand.
Posted rates, 94 82@4 84%. Commercial bills,
$4 M)%@4 81. Government bonds firm. State
bonds dull. Railroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board was firm.
CLcmnta nTfx.-K*.
Air Tel * Cable.... «7 1 Norfolk ft W*«tn» BV4
Atchlson 11% Preferred. 12
Preferred 17V*! Northern Pacific. li%
Adams Express.... I*2 Preferred. lb*/ f
Alton. Terre Haute 66 Northwestern 8»i-4
American x press 10 -> I Preferred.. 145
AmertcanTooacco. 60% N. Y. Central...... i»l«4
Preferred 76 N.Y.,Ctiicai;o>ts.l . 9% !
Fay Slate Gas .- 16 Ist preferred..... 86 -
l.aitimore&Ohlo.. 13 id preierred 25
Bruuswick Lands.. % N. Y.<fe N. U. I*4
tufialo, Koch at tf. 17 N. V. & New Eng. VO
Canada Pact tic... 67 N. V., teusq A W... 77 3 /* I
Canada southern.. 43Vaj Preferred... 21
Canton Land 601* ■ 'ntarto 10
'Central Pacittc... . 1314 1 n;ano & Western l^*is ■
Ches. <t Ohio i.3s/ 8 Ore«on lmprovmnt y a
Chicago Alton 16* Preferr-d —
Preferred I**s Oregon Navigation Its
Chicago. 11. & Q.... 66 Ml Oresou Short Linn. 10
Chicago &E. 111... 3H i/a lacllic Mail »&»/»
Preferred. >"*> ! l eoria. D. «fc Evans *%
ChtcacoUas ... 58ye ; Pittst>uris Jt W. p<d 15-
Cleve<K Ptltsbnrg..ls6 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..1417/ 8 I
Consolidation CoaL 31 Quicksilver. 1V«
Consoltcated Gas..l43Vj: Preierred 15 ;
C. C C. « »l LouU 24 canine 15*4 !
Preferred 72 i;io<;r»nde&Wesnj 15
Colo. Fuel * iron.. 17^ Preferr-d 40
Preferred 90 'Rock Island SSV*
Cotton Oil Cert .... 103/* Home W'atiOzden. 107 1
Commercial Cable. 12 > St. L. AS. W »V 8 :
Del. Hudson.. 120 Preferred 8
Del.Lack&Westrn. 16 H.Paul 701/s
Denver <£ R. 0 lOVi Preferred. I"-'" 1 *
Preferred. 41>« 4 M. Paul & Duluth. 17 i
tutillers — Preierred 75
General K.ectrtc... '.'SVi v i. Paul A Omaha. 37
trie 12Va Prefem-d 116
Preferred 29 ,bt. P. M. &M . . 103
Fort Wayne. 146 Miver CVr".!ric»ies. 65%
threat Northern pfdll2 .Southern PaciQo... 15 Va
Cireen Bay Vi Southern K. R 7.
Hurlem .." .....300 Preferred... .. 21
Hocking Coat >u»;ar Refinery .... H 1 3 4
Hocking Valley.... 13 j Preferred. 93Vj,
Homestake. 341/4 lenn. Coal <& Iron. VO3/a
H. A Texas Cent... 1 Preferred......... 80
Illinois Central »■> iTexa* Pacific t»i/4
lowa Central «■% i 01.A.A-A N.Mich.—
Preforreo 25 101. A Ohio Cent.. 20
Kansas A Texas... 10 Preferred.'.. .60.
Preferred 21% Tol.St. LooisAK.C. b •.
KinzsionA Pern... 3 ' Preferred 15
i.aK>- Erie Ac Westo 14 ',« rnlon Pacinc. .. . 6 s 's '
Preferred......... «.-.y s L. P. Den <« Gull.. 1&% !
Lake Shore li'J»-. I. S. Cora age 3' j
National Lead 2 %| Preferred 7i /4 !
Preferred 82' i Guaranteed 13% :
I. ode Island 66 1 1. 8. Express 85
Louisville A Nash. 40% I . b. Leather 714 '
Louisville Na<BCa 2V*i Preferred 491/4 .
Preferred. ... 6i- a t- . K. Rubber....... 17
Manhattan Con sol. Ho^» Preferred. 75
Memphis A Char.*. 15 I'llcaAß. l'.iver.-150
Mexican Ceu.ral. X Wab. b. L. A Pao . 6%
Michlga . Central.. 87 i Preferred 13%
llinn AS. L.. ......— W«!!a-Farso. 60
Preierred —. {Western Union *>!%*
W!iiii«Si. icon. 3414 Wisconsin Central. 2
. Ist preferred-. ... 65V<! Wheeling AL. X.. 6 ,4
'M preferred 3h I Prfierred. 23Vs
Missouri J RciUc. . 18% Am Cotton Oil p/d. 44
Mobile A 0hi0... . 17 |W. D. Beef »Vi
Nashville A Chaw. t7% Ann Arbor «V»
National Unseed.. 3Hi/ 3 Preferred. 17V S
N. J. Central 100 1 1 Tractloo. :OVi
Aiurrjcan... 41/41 ■ i.a »»ta. lt>Va
nrcisa bokiw.
Ala Class A«s 101 Northern Pac lsta. 11 4 V x
Do Class 84, 65.. 101 I Do2ds 11-V*
Alabama. I'm» C 96 j D08d5.... 66
Atcmson 45. ....... 743,4! Do consol 6s 44
DoV!ds A:.. ... . 32% 01 ru movement Ist 75
Canada Sou! h2ds.. 100 ' Do 55...... ....... 10
Chi Pac 1 sis of '95. 98 irp.ANlsts. .. 10. 1
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 lo y<B«l bs K3
Do 1887 10.1 Or Short Line 65... 104%
to 1898 10) I D0c0n555.. ...... 59
Do 1899 .100 Facitlc»ssof "97....
Ches <xOalo 05....1U4 ilhla* fading 4s. 73Vb
c -h<vX PTr Rets 5s 38 I Do Is- ■fd lncam. S2
DC 3-66s 109 Mljhcirande West lst> 68
Den A KG Ist 110% MLAlronMtGenSs 69
86 Si L ASF Gen 6s. 103
ir 1 * *<*a 68% St Paul Consols.... 124
itW&HenCitylsts 48 Si pCA Pa lets... 1 1 3
OH *sa6a .. . 101 IHo Carolina 4%5...' 90
Do2d7s 100 l«ou;hern RR5s... 82%
Gen iiie< Deb 65... 80 Do Pae Cat lsta. .110
HA Tex Cent 6s. .107 lennnew3s 70
Docontts. 96 lexns Pacific livs. 79
lowacen.ral Ist*.. 91% Texas Pad flc 2ds.. 16
Kanbaa Pa Consols bOYs Lnlon Pac lsis 90.100
»• *"•* i»u» Leu aivlOß L t>4s reg of I 25. 105
La Consol 45.. 89 j to 4s, coupon. ... 107
Missouri funding.. .— f F4n.rec of 1907.114%
MKT2ds... 6:< Do 4s. coupon 115
Do 4s 7914 In!s... 92
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 3) Do ss. ...110
Mutual Union 65.. .1061,4 1 1 06s. coupon ... 110
> J Cent Gen &5...114V4 Va funding debt... ■ 66%
« V 1 4 -t Louis 45102 Do registered. ...—
Nor&\W>it Gen 65. 105 lo deferred 6s. 5
N Carolina con 45.. 95 Do trust rcpts st. 4
Do 6s 110 Wabash Ist 6s 102
Consols. 1 32 Vi West Shore 4a, lU3
Do deb 65.. 105 I ,
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN UVKRPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.. Sept. 17—The spot market
is higher at 5s ,7%d@ss 8 l /2 - Cargoes firmer at
28s, August shipment. ,
! FCTUBIM. "
The Produce Kxchanee cable gives the folowin?
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 ned Winter: t-ep
t< in ber. 6s 4V^d: October, 6s 4%d; November, 6s
4%d; December, 6s sd; January, 6s 6 1 /*' l -
SKCURITIES.
LONDON, Kno., Sept. 19— Consols, 109%; sil
ver, 80% d: French Rentfs, 102f75c.
EXCHANGE AN,) BULLION.
Fterllng Exchange, 60 days — 94 83
Merllng Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cable* ; — 4 86
New York Exchange, sleht — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, V ounce....' — 65%
Mexican Dollars.... ... 60% 61
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANU OTt.KR GRAINS.
WHjSAT— The General Roberts takes for Cork
65.122 ctls, valued at 965,100: Klimall c. for Cork,
62,252 ct!s at 904,358; Onente, for Cork, *U,. Bb"
Ctls at 940.614.
The export movement has been remarkably
heavy this month and the market continues active
and firm at a further advance. No. 1, P7%asl tr^
ell; choice, 91 OH/*: lower trades, 90<g«95v.; extra
choice tor milling, *1 02%@l 07% «t c.l.
. CALL BOA BD I.Kit. ■• .;-,--.
Informal Session— s December —
60u0 ctls, $1 03.
mcond .-KHHioN — ' December — 8000 ctls,
♦l o V*
hwiuLAR Moksinb >KB«ion— December— 4ooo
ctls, S. 03i/ 8 : 4000, SI 03; 200.!, SI 0~Y 8 ; 14,000,
$1 \JJVa.
Ak.kbnoon Session— December— 34,ooo ctls,
91 03. .
BAULKY— Prices are about the same. We quote
Feed, 57%@61V«c t? , tl. choice bncht, 6-J%@6sc
> Ctl: Brewing. 72%@77%&c Veil; Chevalier, bOc
®$lfor No. 1.
".- CAM, BOARD SAX.BS. .
INFOBMAX. Session— 9.ls o'clock— No sales.
Bacon >kssion— No silos.
Kkuulas Moknino - Kshins-Xo Sales.
AFTERNOON SKSSION —N O Sales
OaTS— Fair demand on local Jobbing account.
Black, for feed, are • selling at - 7U<sßoc ell:
Milling, 87%(a92%c: fancy feed. 92%(&95r: good
to choice. hf.ia92 l common to »air, 75(08Oc;
Gray. 8&©87% c; Surprise. 95c4i$l 02%. . .
CCXRN— Wfak, neglected and in large stock,
large Yellow. 82%@85c: Small Kound do, Ss(g.
87%c%tctl: W ite, 7i'f&7sc.
RYE— 7o@72%c %i CU lor old and 62%@65e tor
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85®95e * cIL
FLOUR AN.* MILLSTBKKS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. 93 60®3 70 * bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 40®
3 60; superfine 92 75@3.
CORN MEAL. -.ETC.— Feed Cora f19@19 60;
Cracked coin. 919 60@>J0 9 ton. . .
niiLI.hTUFF —Prices In sacks are us foil on
usual discount lo the trade: uraham Flour. S2 10;
>.ye Hour. *2 50; Ric-M Hour, $5 75: C.irnni.ai,
$•_' 10; extra rn-ai.i do, 82 75: • atmeal, $2 9J; Oa:
■ roats, S3 60: Hominy, 10»3 : O. Buckwheat
Flour.-, 93 10@3 30: Cracked .< Wheat, < i. 75: Fa
iliia, 13.0: Whole Wheat flour, 92 30: Rolled
Oats. $3 60: Pearl Karley, «3 60; !-p!li Peas, 93 aj ;
Green do, «4 10 V- 100 lbs. ' .
■■ HAY AND) FISKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is lower at $I'J@l2 30 for the best and
Sll@il 60 V ton for outside brands. -
WID!)LINa.S-*ls ft ton for lower grades, and
Sl6<aiß ton for the best. '" .*."..- '.
FKEDSTUFFS^-Rolled Barley, «14 SO: Otlcake
Meal at the mill, $21 %A ton: 1 jobbing, »22: clipped
Oats. 97V4c@$l 05 ft ctl. .
HA' • continues weak and plentiful. Wheat, $7
@9: Wheat and Oat. $60)8 60: Oau*s©7: Bar:«y.
*b(o,V: 1 iver Barley. $4 50(55: A f ft fa, $5 60®
6 50 for second an? $4 50(^5 for lint cut ing;
compressed $b@9;'stoci£. $403. Clover, 6@7 60.
STRAW— ot@36e * hale. ,'■ ! :
lIK..N> AM) SEED*.
FEA.NS- Bayos ar« quotable at 95c'a$l 15 9 Ctl:
Small Whites, 86c@$l 10 V- ell; Pea. SBc
fasl 16 * ctl: Large Whites, 80®90c ft ctl: PinK,
75® 6c ft ctl: Reds, $I@l 10 ■pctl: Blackeye,
$1 25; Red Kianey, ' $lia.l 10: Limas, $1 50»
177 V 2:V 2 : Butters, $1 2f@l'4O.
SEEDS— Brown -XnistT.rd. *2 55@2 65; Yellow
Mustard. $1 25@1 60: Flax, #1 26; Canary. 2V*
@23.ic %> ib; Alialia, nominal; Rape, 2Vjc; Hemp,
3V 2 c f! Ib. ' . . • ;
in. I D PEAS— $1 10®l 40 VcU for Mies and
¥ 1 25@1 00 for Green. ■
POTATOES, ONIONS, VtGETABI.ES.
POTATOES— The market shows no, change.
Sweet Potatoes are quotable at *I@l 12V^ 1* ctl;
Garnet Cnlles, 601365 c "ft c.l: Karty Rose, 2..@30c;
Burbunk feredaucs, 25@30c for Rivers and 60@
bOc for Salinas. .
OMu.NB-'Jo@2sc ft seek; Pickles, 6"c V sack.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat ;aquasli quotable at
*6@7 50 ft ton; Green Corn, 35feti:>e >» sack:
Alameda Corn. bOi(ai!fl %i crate; rkelev Corn.
3..t0.:.0c V box: Summer Squash, *U(g,:SOc t box
for Bay. Egg Plant, 25(g»35c ft box: 'lomutoes. 16
at'-'Oc for Kivers and Bay; Alameda Cucumbers,
•Jo,(s:fsc: Pick es, 6U@6sc * box for No 1 and 25@
Otic ft ctl fur No. 2; Oreeu I'eppers, *Js@3jc ft
large box tor Chile and 25@30c for bell: Grern
Peas. bO@7sc %> sack for common and 2c V Ib for
Garden; string Beans, 60&)76c ft sack for com
mon and lVfe(<s2c V Ib tor garden: Litnas. 25@75c
%* sack; Green Okra. 36040 c%t box; Dried ukra,
12 Vac Vlb: Cabbage, 40c ft cli; Carrots, 25@30c
%sack; Garlic, i(g,i3,,c ft Ib.
BUI'IEIi, CUKK'K AND KGGS.
BUTTER— The recent advance sent buyers off
on to pickled roll and fresh descriptions are badly
demoralized and lower in consequence. .No reason
ab c offer is refused. " v
Crkamkby— Fancy, 24©26 c '«* &>'• seconds, 22®
23c '& m.
Dairy— Fancy, 21@22c; good to Choice, 19®
20c; lower grad s, 12^@17V«« * *•
PICKLKD— 1.@17i ft to.
FIKKIN— I4(&Ioc fl Ib.
CHJEEsE— Choice mild new, BV^@9c; common to
good o d, 6(«l8c ft tb. Cream C.rddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 9@loc; Western, 10@llc: East
ern. ;l@l3c V- Ib.
KGi»s— Ranch continue to improve. Oregon
quo able at 12(513c V doz: Eastern, 14^(ai6c ft
dozen tor fair to choice and . <-c for fancy: store
EgKS. 12@14c for ordinary and lß@l7Vic lor good;
ranch Kgga, 3 (a29t-; cold storage ranch, 17(3)
18c; Duck eggs, 1b%17 £* dot
POI'LJItV AND GAME.
POULTRY— Prices show no change. The mar
ket is dull.
Live 1 urltevs are quotable at 13@16c ? Ib for
Gobbler*. 12@14c Ift It. for ens: Geese, * pair,
$ <<$\ 25; I. oiling, $1 "_'sjjl 60; Ducks, ii 50@3
V <I"Z for old ami $8 sj.c. • 50 for young; Hens.
$4*64 .0; J:oosti rs. young, $•< 50&4 00 "r* doz; do,
old, $4<a4 50: Fryers, **' 75@3: iirollt-rs, *£ ."-(Kip
3 tor larg<? bnd $^©2 60 tor small: Pigeons,
SI 5l»(0il 75 ?» dozen tor young and 4>l@l 25 for
old.
UAME— Nomiual. •'
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
Fancy Mountain Peaches sell over the quota
tions.
Quinces, 3:><<isoc «l box.
■ Peaches. 20@50c f* box.
Piuius, -s(4>SOc «< ■ ox: Prunes, 4o@6oc
Pomei;r-'ii.'. tiO(a7sc IS box. • -
Apples, 65c@J|l f< box for choice and 25®50c
for common.
Pears, 3U@soc >. box; Bartletts, 75c@$l V large
box.
* Figs, 26@36c %>- box for white and 25@40c for
black. . ' ■
BERRIKS—
There are no Lonfrworth Strawberries coming in.
Strawberries. ——1* chest tor Long worths and
$.' st'@4 for laree berries. . .
Raspberries, *2 f 1 (§,l V chest.
Black ber les. *2@4 *f> < liesU
Huckleb< rri« a, 10c 'f, tb.
Cranberries from Wisconsin and Cape Cod are
quoted at $10 "M bbl. -
GRAI'Ea- Dull and .unchanged. Secrtl-ss are
auotable at *Js^c3dc?t xkix: Isabellas. ■ 50@65c
t^ cr-te: Tokays, ST6#i V box: BlacK (.rapes,
"^S'itH.JC r< I ox: Muscats. S«i el waters
and Fontalnebleaux, 2&(g35c %* box; Grapes in
crates bring drdiioc more than in boxes.
Zinfandel Vine < .rains, $'.'O@JS ft ton
MXLi NS— Watermelons. $::s>6 *> 100: Canta
loupes, 50.'a.i5c * crate: megs. l.'@3ttc V box.
ClTßt'b FRl n> — Orange*, $.@3 i« box lor
Va.en las and 51 50 f> >ox for Mediterranean
Sweets: Lemons, 75r@$l 60 ft oox tor common
and %'i 60&3 50 for good tocnolre: Mexican Limes,
«6®6 00 ft box: California Limes. M)ta,7sc: Ha
nauus, *l(©-'t* bunca; Pineapples, (2®iToO ft doz.
DKIED HIUIIS, UAISJ.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUIT*—
Nothing new to report. Trade is still quiet.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Apricot C@Bc $ Ib for Royals
and f(<SlOc f* Ib for choice to fancy Mcorparks;
Prone* 8c V Ib: leaches, 3@4c %l ib for prime to
choice, 6*r»c for fancy and WalOc for peeled In
boxes; Apples, 60 for evaporated and 2@"M>cfor
huii-dri'U; Fears, 1 i/ z (tu'Ac. lor prin.e to choice. 2@3c
lor quarters and 4@sc for halves; Plums. 4c for pit
ted and lVfe(i)2c tor unplited: Nectarines. 3;ij,-lc
for cbutce ami .>c for fancy; white Figs, 3c; black
tits, •Jl, 4 aj-1...c.
JoiiKiNw l'r.i x.s— New Peaches. 4i4@siAc
Ib: fancy, 7c ft Ib: new Apricots, 6(a,.c $ Ib:
fancy, Be; Muorparks, lU@llc: new evaporated
Apples, tic: sun-dried. Sc; J "runes, 3c for the lour
sires: new Fi?s, black. 'l^Mc for unp essed itnd
3@3Vi for pressed: white if.s, 4c: Plums, 5c for
pitied and 1 >/;c for unpltted; new Nectarines. 4
(jj&c ~f. Ib for It. me to fancy: fears, -£U,(sXc for
whole. •JVafaSW.c for quarters and 4@sc tor halves.
RA SiA.S—
(.'abi. ad Prie s, f. o. b. FKrasro— Four-crown
loose, 4c; S-cro\vn. 314 c; "-crown, 2%c; Seedless
Sultanas 4c; heedless Muscatels. 2' 2 C : 3-ciown
London layers. $1 10: clusters, •81 36; Dehena
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
apes, "4-4 C '•$ Ib.
Jobbino l-Ki. Four-crown, loose, 4Vfec: 3
crown, SS-icf 1 . Ib: •.'-crown, Sc Ib: seedless Sul
tanas, 6c $ Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3V>c; 3-crown
London lasers. $1; clusters, $1 -*>U: Dehesa clus
ters, *2 50: Imperial cluster*, 'i 50.
■ NUTS— atlons, are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, ?c ? Ib for Languedoc,
9 Ib lor hardshell and 9f<£loc ft Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@*>c $ Ih for Eastern an 1
4c for California: HICKory Nuts, 6@6c. ¥ ft;
Perans, 7V 2 @Br. ; Filberts, 7Vs<&Bc; Brazil Nms,
7%@Bc V ib; Cocoanuts, »4©5 t* 100.
iiu.sKV— 1 omb, 10@12Wjc lor br.gUt and B@9c
for lower gradt-s: water-white extracted, s@sV a c;
light amber extracted, >(3>4 s ,i c ; dura amber, 4<s
414 c; aaric. l@3c V tb. ■ .
Bli:EsWaX-::6@27c %1 Ib. •
PI.OVJSIwNS.
Fairly active at previous prices.
CORED MKATS— Bacon,' 6%c V ft for heavy,
7%c ■? Ib for light medium. 9<a9%c f* Ib
for light, 10@llc for extra llcnt and 120 forsnrar
ci.red; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,- 12%(g13c: i
California Ham*. Italic *« Ib; Mess Be^f. 97(3)8: I
extra mess do, (8 60@9: family do. 10@ll: extra
prime Pork, :;B(cHi.O: extra Clear, $13 r hblj
mess. S.I &o@l2 V* bol: mo^ed Beef, 10c »* Ib
RD— Eastern tierces la quoted at 41,4 c>> &>
for com mi nil 6 Vie lor pure; palls, tic %t Ib:
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%c or
pure; ha f-bbls, 6%c; 10-tb'tins, 614 c: do 6-lb.
6V<c V Ib.
COTIoLENE-6y B (a6%cln half- and 63^®
7% «> Ib In lu-a, tins. . .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKIN — Heavy salted steers o%c;
culls and brands, 5%c; medium, sy.(a9<:; culls and
brands, 4%y»f.c %4 Ib: light, 4@>4%c: culls and
branas. 3%(54c; CowaiAi-s, 4@sc: culls and brands,
3%@4%c: »;,it...i Kip, 6c: salted Calf. 6@7c "# Ib:
suit ed Veal, .'ifoitic; dry Hides. 9@loc: culls and
brauus, 7@7V 2 c; dry Kip and Veal. 8c; cull 6@
7c ft &>; dry calf, 16c; cults, 10; : Goatskins. 20@
:if>c each; Kids, 6c: - Deerskins, go. d summer,
20<j2;c f Ib: medium, 15® Oc; winter, :7@9c;
Slieepakins. sbearinus. 10dl5c each: short wool,
20®^5ceach; medium, 40us0coach: long wools,
Bli^tiO each. Culls of all kinds about %>• less.
iAi.ujW-No. 1. rendered, '.'V 2 (a2:</4C: .so. 2,
2@2i4e; refined. 4»4@5c: Grease, l%c "# !b.
WOOL— a local circular says: ■•Since the elec
tion In Vermont and Maine there is a decidedly
Improved tone to the Wool market, and iberal
sales have been made to scourer* since then, so
that there Is a prospect that a: lei.st three of tbes*
establishments win be running this week. 'I be
shippers have no. yet-made up their minds to buy,
but It is only a question of time as to when ship
pers and deal, rs will prove 10 be large purchases.
The class of Wool recently sod embrace^ chiefly
low grade and what is termed cheap "prins stock
No sales or choice Humholdts and M ndoclnos to
report as yet. Fail : Wools are - coming forward
slowly, but will be'neclec ed until such time as
there is a quick - and general market. Sales 190.- j
000 lbs." New San .lonquin Fall.. 2%@4c tl Ib. I
We quote Spring c ip: Humboldl and MenJoctno, '
100111 c: Nevada, 6@B'?*c: San Joaquin and Mouth- I
crn Coast, six months. "3%@5c: northern free de
fective. 4%@5%c V It). j
HOPS-Are nominal,'
GKNEKAL, ; MKkCHANDISE. '.
' BAGS— Calcutta nraln Bags, spot, 94 12%@4 20:
San Quenitn, 94 '.'0: Wool Bags. 24%@26%a '
COAL-Welilngton. 98 f» ton: New Wellington,
98 9 ton: Southtteld Wellington, 97 50 9 ion;
i-esttle, $s(o.ft 60: tiryan , »6; » oos far, 94 60;
Wa)lsend, $7: scotch, 97 60; Brymbo, 97 60;
Cumoerlaud, 13 60 9 ton In bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 811 V ton; Welsh
.* nthracite, 99: ; Cannel. 97 60; 1 ock Springs,
Castle Gate mid Pleasant Valley, 97 BO: Cove,
S11&12 in bulk and 913 9 ton in ska.
.'! si P.— 1 lie Western csugar Kefinlng Company
quotas, terms net cash: ■ Cube and Crushed. 574°:
Powdered, s%c:' Fine Crushed, S%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4» /4 < ; conrectioners' v. 4 ! si>::- .- a:iio.« A,
4S/»c; fexirac, 4V4c: UoidenC, iVa''-: half barrels.
lie more man barrels, and boxes %c more. -
SAN FISANCIsCO JIKAT MARKET;
■Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are; as follows: •■'•■ ■■'.■,
BEEF— First qua Hy. 4%@5c: second do. 4@
4%c: tulrd do. 3%c T« Ib " -
/> X a L— l.arge, 4(^sc; small,' s@6c «* Si
MUTTON— Wethers, '4%osc;» Kwes, 4@4%c
V tt>.
LAMB-s®6c^lb. • - •■ ■' .. -, „
PORK-Live logs. 2%c ?Hb for lawa.nd.«%c
for small and medium : dressed do, 4y 3 '^sc «4 Ib.
BECEIFTa Ol Jf.KOWOCIi.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, or ska 14.454' straw. tons 20
Oregon 6,2 blßutter. ctls }°
Washington... I.SSSJ cheese, ctls I] 6
Whea.cis 22,2551 Krks doz 630
Oregon 2.000 1 Hides, no b(l
Washington... 8.130! Pelts, bd s **
Barley, c Is 11,190 Win*, gals 70.1 00
Beans sks 2.iii* I'.randay. «a'.s... s*-**
Oats, ctls 79, W001, bis J *
Washington... 6.4^01 Oregon ~iO9
Rye. ctls... U6O Sugar, bbls S.4'^6
Potatoes, sks 2. 150! Lumber, M feel- 150
Onions, s^s 746j leather, r0115.... 50
Bran, nks 1 s Lime, t. his
Oregon 4.673 Flex -teed sks....
Washington .. 3.050J Washington... 793
Middlings, sks... 100lHops.bls 1»
Hay, tons 754'Quicksilver,flsk9 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Warley Bmcom to Martha E. Rascom, lot on N
line of 1 all fornia street. 106:3 W of Polk. W 25
by N 137:6 91.
Calvin E and Janet Knickerbocker to John and
Sadie P.. McNally, lot on HE corner of Page and
Clayton streets, X 31 :3 by .\ 100: 910.
Charles I. aud '! ma I: inkel to Wfl lam J. and
{'erirude Z. spotswood, lot on Wlne of Castio
street. 135 N of Twenty-ftrs , N '25 by %V 126: «10.
James and Mary Hanson 10 Henry Kohler, lot
on s une of Oreen street, 58:10 W of Kearny, W
22:2 by S6O; CIO.
T. C. Schwerln to Barbara Trim' Kirn (w'fe of C.
A.), lot on S line of Bay street, 68:9 E of Mason, E
22:.l by S iVO; 9iO.
Alfred W. Rea • os*me. same; 910.
C. A. ana Barbara Trimborn (by attorney) to
Pietro Delia M; guli rs and Aneelo Kaffetio, lot on
S line of Vaudewaier street, 68:9 E of Mason. X
22:11 by N 60: 9;0.
Frank A. and Elizabeth Madi-on to same, 10l on
N line of Vanri. uat«-r street. 91:8 E of .>iaso.i, X
22:11 b»- N 60: 810.
T. c. Scbwenn to Fllzabe;h Madison (wife of
Frank A.), lot on s line of Bay street, 91:8 X of
Maio-i, k. 22:11 by S 120; SlO.
Alfred W. iteay to same, same; 910.
Daniel F. Crlmrains to Mary J. Hauler, lot on
N line of so ano street, 60 b of Harrison. E 49:3
by N 100 : r. 10.
E. W. laggard to Elizabeth Newman (wife of
Henry), lot 00 E line of Twentieth avenue,
120 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 18 1 by E 1/0: 91.
Fred W. and Mary X Bridge to -ara A. Wasb
bourn, lot on SK corner of '1 h.rty-fourth avenue
and B t>tr et, X 32:6 by 8 100: 9:0.
Koben W. Neal and K. Pierpont (by sheriff) to
Pacific Bank, .ot oa sW corner of fwe ftb ave
nue, 76 NW of X street, NW 75 by 8« 200,
block 247, son:h fan Francisco iiomesead ana
Itailroad Assoclelinn: 9bOti.
Louis and "opbie Kahn to Charles R. Ballhaus,
lot on W line of Nhpli s street, 75 sof laalie ave
nue, >75by W 100 be- in if portion of bloci 42,
Excelsior liomestetd; 910.
Charles li. and Hester Ballhans to Anone Bau
mann, lot on N line of Amazon avenue, 75 W of
Naples street, N 100 by W 16, same. «10.
J. It. c ousius to Ann Kliztt Cousins, lot on W
corner ot Kirs; avenue sou. h and 1 street south,
NW 150 by . W2I-0; 910.
The c unco and Costa Company to Karl and Mal
v'.na Engeiberg, lot 12, i.lft Map 8, as surveyed for
Cuneo & Costa irbruary 7, 1!596. described ss fol
lows: Sline of Holiday, 70 W of Costa, W 25 by H
70; 91u.
ALAMEDt CODSIT.
John C. Hampton to Alice M. Hampton, lot on
\V line of Al.ce street, 100 is o Dnrant, 8 50 by
150, block 225- a, Oakland: gift.
Robert B. and S elia M .-tone lo ES. Bridge,
all iut-rest in lot on SW Hue of Third street, 100
W of 1 heatnu>, W 25 by •* 100, being lot 6. bloct
K. Bay View Homestead, subject to a mortgage for
$800, oak ana. $iO.
Mary Wnlsn lo Martin and Patrick Walsh and
Annie Fruicro, loi I etruiii ng at a point 200 N" from
N W corner 01 Ad l.ne and Thirty-sixth Rtreeis, s>
100 nlong W iiue of Adeline street, ihenr* at right
hiu>s with Adeline sir-et 123:3, N 100, thence
ki rltiii aur w 123:3 to beginning, being lot 10,
bloc.; H'-S. Watts irttct. cauland; «lf\
Jo iti a d n.sHii c. Uougheriy to Philip J. Dies,
lots on sline of Grant street. 78:6Vs '•■ from KE
corner of Fourteenth avenue, X 10U oy 8 10 ■, being
lo.s 13 ant 14, liii.i:-. M, new Map of ynn Home
stead, i.ast Oakland ; SlO.
Jotia l_ and Ken n U Howard to E. K.McGlone,
lot BS, Mos»-.vu0.l Tract, "uklarni 'lownship: $535.
s«ti Francinco Home Mutua: Loan AssOciatinn
to Jumes Mol.au .tilm, lot on H line of Water
ay. nu*, 240 \\ of Plymonih st eet, \\ 40 by a
l;;i.r>u, beiriu lot 'JO. bloc* F, amended Map of
Mo-s Tract, Bio klyn Township; $10.
Isab lla and Fniiicis Brown to barab M. Kruse
(wife ot J. II.). 10L -2i, biock U, map of old town of
i^yim, i.ast UHkiana: gift.
Albert B and tlora A. Wastell to Minnie L.
Yoiiiu, lot on N line of Central avenue, 00 Kof
Par* street. B 10 by N 100, being the W iO leet
of lot 3.-, bock 15, ParsonsGuidrn Gate Tract, Oak
land Township: $10.
James Altaao to Kdward B. Pond, lot 7, blocks,
stat>- University Homestead Association No. 2,
Berkeley; $1.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Skptkmbkb. 1800.
Mo.
Tu.
1
W. Th. Kr. B*.
a s « s
Moon's Pbaaei
4jx New Moon
"3? S»pi. 7.
7
8
9 10 11 112
18 17 18 19
23 |24 25 2«>
/""ViFlrs Qoart
Sept. 13.
U
14
15
©
Full Mood
Sept. 21
1
:-'°
21
Ti
—
/fsLait Quarter
sept. 29.
si
■28
29
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I)ate« of Departure From San FrancUco
STF.AMKR
I DKSTIN'ATIiIN. |
SAM.-i.
| PIKB.
fcnipire. jUrecon ports .| Sept 18. 6rw
P0m0na..... UumboidtHay Septlß, km
bunol Grays Harbor septlK.l'J v
Newport... Panama Bepi 18.12 M
foantaHosa. San Diego... . $eptlß.ll.AM
Anur0....... Coos 8ay...... 19.1 Jam
state 01 Cal. Portland septet). iuah
Weeott Ket Hirer ~epf-'O. Baji
Coos bay — Newport r<ep:'2i). I'm
Walla Walla Vie 4 l\i Sna Sep(2l. 9am
Arcaia Oregon ports.. sepul.lOAM
City Peking China <t Japan Sept2l, 3pm
(.orona .-an 0ietj0..... .scpi22.llav
Australia... H0n01u1u...... srpt'2'2, 10am
a. Blan hni Oregon ports.. Hep 22, spm
Starbuclc.... Cent America.- bept'i»,l2 v
>ara!lon.... Yaquina Bay. Sep[2i. 9am
Kureka riewport ■.....: Sept 24. Pam
Truck**.... Coo* 8ar...... Sepi'24,' 2pm
Colombia... Portland »ept2s.ll>AM
Orlzßoa . . Mexico ; Sept2S.lOAM
f*i<*r is
Pier >
Pier a
1' M 8 8
PierU
Pier 1 1
Pier it
Pier li
Pier II
Pier »
Pie' 24
PM 88
PIT 1 1
Pier 7
Pier 18
pass
Pier i
Pier 1 1
Pier 8
•fieri*
Pier 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
l-K
Coos Bay
Wet-ott
Arcata.
Willamette
Peter Jebsen...
Ailceßlanchard
Corona.
Wellington... .
Crescent City...
Mackinaw
P0m0na ........
Karallon ;..
Kureka.
Uinaillla.
Columbia
Doric
City Sydney....
Truckee .-..
A a_o
Mariposa.......
Santa Kosa
Del Norie
North Forte
.Newport......
Eel River .....:.
Portland.... ....'.
Departure Bay
ana. mo
Oregon ports
-an Dleeo.
Departure Bay
Crescent City :.."...
I'Hroma ..„
llumbold. Bay.
Yaqulna Bay...
Newport.......
Victoria <fc Puget Hound
I'ortland. ..... ...
Chinaaod Japan
Panama...
Coos Bay. „
Coo* 8uy.*..... ....!
Sydney....
San Die-jo «...
• •rays Harbor .
HuinboUli Bag .. . .
..sept IS
..Sept, 18
..Sept 18
..Sept 19
..Nep;2O
..Sept 20
.>-e,)t 30
..Sept 20
..'■ept 21
..Sept ill
..Kept 21
..Sept 22
..Kept 22
..Sept 22
..'•ept 2.
..Sent 22
..Sept 22
..-Sent 23
..Sept 23
..Sept 24
..»»pt 24
..Sept 25
■ ■St.pt ye
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V.*. Coast and Oeodktic'Bubvkt TlDl")
. - BniXKTIIT PrrBLMHKD BY Official . V
Authority OF THB Spperistb^bicst. J
Frldiv. September 18-
Sun rises 5.55! Moon rises
Sun sets tS.l2|Moon sets....'.".' 2.34 am
September— 1896.
II^HI^I-fel^l^l^
18i 3..U o.i i 0.,« 6.ht 3.4*1 4.M1 6'i« 577
19 4.00 0.8 10.48 6.6] 4^:5 i* JO 24 6 8
to 4.M 11.15 6.5 6.05 1.9 1 11* 5 4
«»l *•« 1-0 11 **> 6.6 5.44 ill 11.66 t\
22 6.41 1.8 1i1.02 (5.4 8.14 . 1.8 . .
; h \vj , l W H W - L,\V
23 ;0.36 6.0 605 1.8 12.21 5 b 64> 1 0
24, 1.21 4.7 &«1 y.2 12.40 6.6 7.21 0.8
..riv tk- 10 "!•»'*>▼• exposition of the tides the
tarty morning tides are given in th» left hand
column, And th. successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. , The second time
, column gives the second tide of the day, -.he third
time column the third tide, and the last "or right
ban.l column elves the last tide of the day. except
T£nr lh Th *k". Nt thre * llde * « sometimes
>rcnrs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United (States Coast Survey •
Chans. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
i™ ,h M H h a ,11", 11 " number given la subtract*™
from the depth riven by ihe chart »■ -
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bran en Hybrographic Otfick, U. 8. N.. ")
- . Ukbcrants' Kxchasgr ' • J
r- • San- Francisco, Seutcmber 17. 1896. "t )
The time bull on lelesraoh Hill wan droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. p.. at noon of the l'.'Otb
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. M.. Greenwich time. ■
* i • J. T. McMillan,
■• ' As^lstanuln char c.
SHI PPING INTELLIGENCE.
•Arr» red.
THURSDAY, Sentember 17.
Br stmr Evandale, Buyers. 3 days from 1 a oma:
ba ;«st. to mv »r. •
Stmr Aleut rax, Walvlg, 4 5 hours from Coos
Bay . d.ss Hint 111 i si*, to J D Sprockets A Bros Co.
Stmr Anu;o, Keed, 4s hours from Coos Übv. via
Port orford — hours; pass and mdae. to Oregon
Coal and N'uv Co.
Stmr Onralia. Yon Helms, 9^ days from Guay
mas. v a J£n<- nad* —hours: pass and mdse, to
Cioodad, Perkins A Co.
simr Point Arena. Johnson, 16 hours from
Fori Brao; and wav ports: i>ass and mdse. to Men
doctno Lumber Co.
simr P mona. ;>oran. 10 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins dt Co,
Stmr bignal, Eondegart. 4 das from Sou h
B<"nl: lu«n er. n< • impson Lumber Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, a;» nours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse. o
Goodall. Perkinß <& Vo.
StmrSan Eenl-.0, Smith, 80 hours fromTacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S PCo. Oakland direct.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins. days from Portland:
pa-8 and mdie, to O C A N Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland IS hours 'rora Moss Landing,
e'le: produce, to Goodall. Perkins * Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Xloo unn, — hours from
Atueapo : uro.luce, t Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Bark Harry Morse Lau- . Id. s ro -.: Br.stol
Bay 36.^74 cs salmon to < laska Packers' Assn.
Schrlda McKay, Johnson, 4 days from Coos
Bay: umber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Guide. Olsen, » days from Everett; lum
b'-r. to T .1 golden
Schr Ocean Spray, Rasmuss-n, 18 hours from
'versena Landing: woo:j an<l b r^.toN Jversen.
Schr Orion, Anderson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; ■umber, to S X SlaOe Lumto to. Lp
river direr .
Schr Chas X Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros A Co.
Hchr J M Colman, Treanor. 8 days from Port
Ga nt.le umbrr an-i pi es. 10 Pope .v Ta...»t
Schr Premier. WagneV, l«Vi days fjn NushagaK.
vi« n ilUoff ■* rnl.s 11 days; 280 bbls salmou, to
Alaska Improvement Co.
Schr Ktta B. l.ourne. 10 hours from BoUnas
4 bxs but:<T. 'i <s eggs 10 Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. ft hours from Pom.
Keyes: MO bxs buner, to J H .NewDauer & U,
SchrS Danlelson, Vogel, 30 hou s from Usal:
cord< bar\. 10 Bea tie <S Co.
Schr Elvenia, Johnsou, '24 hours from Rock
port: baru ;o . Beni-. adiree.
Bchr Nozomis. Roon, 20<lays from Ugashll; 20,
-000 cs salmon, to Alaska 1m rovement co.
C I eared.
■ THURSDAY September 17.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oter»ndorp, Sydney and
Honolulu; J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Sail Diego, Good
all. Perkins A «"o. ' , , .
Bi ship Blythswood, Dixon, Queenstown: Glrvln
* Kyre.
. Itai bark Orient, Cacace. Queenstown; Epplnger
* CO. . . . - • ;..'#
Sailed.
I THURSDAY. September 17.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu.
Mtnr Cleone. Johnson, Hardy Creek. •- •;■; ":
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg. f >- ■,
strar Scotia. Johnson.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. c oos Bay.
Br ship Kcrletechan. Hind. Queenstown.
Br ship Gen Roberts, rearon, Queenstowa
Ship Yo*e a lie, Fu'.lerion. Puget Sound.
Bark Prussia. Hanson, Port Blakel^y.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Bwanson, Karluk.
• Schr Sailor Hoy. Peerson. Ocos.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Olsen.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Enterprise, lngwersen. Co umbla River.
Schr Volttut, Etratt. Pigeon Point. In tow Of
tug Ale t.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, Flsks Mill.
' % Charters.
TheGe'- bark Schiller was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to 1- urope, 30s.
1 elc graphic.
POINT LOBOS. Scut. 17-10 p. M.— Weather
hazy : wind is W ; velocity 20 miles,
Spoken, 1
Sept I— Lat 15 N, long 26 W, Br ship Sierra-
Veniansi, from P»-narth for San Diego:
Aur23— La' 39 Hi. N. long ;4 W. Br ship Os
borne, troin Swansea, for >an Francisco.
July 7— Lat 33 S, long 49 W, ship Jabez Howes,
■ from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
D'imc«tic Ports. -
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 17-Shlp James Son
-1 m th. from New York: s mr Columbia, hence Sept
16: I.r shin Brynhilda, from Table Bay.
IVERSEXS LANDlNG— sailed Sept 17— Bchr
Ocean Spay, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 17— Btmr Alcazar
hence bept 16.
ASTuRIA— "ailed Sept 17— Stmr Alice Blanch
arti. for san Francisco.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed Sept 16-Schr
Moro, for -an Franctaco. '
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Caspar, hnce
Sept lt>. • -
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 17— Sour
Newark, tor San Francisco
Eastern Port*.
PHILADELPHIA -Cleared Sept IB— Ship Soli
taire, for San Francisco. . :*';•■
Kurt-iffti Port*.
COLON— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Advance, for New
York.
YOKOHAMA— Sept 16— Br stmr China,
for San Francisco, sept 11— Br stmr Empress of
India, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept 14— Br stmr Braemar
for co in a.
'il rr . .- - ept 14— stmr Empress of Japan, fin
Vancouver.
JAVA— Sailed Sept 9-Nor stmr Tyr, for Van
couver.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed July 25— It ai bark Es
empiare, for -an Francisco.
AN J Kit— Passed Ami 13— Br bark County of
Haddlngton, from Colombo, for I'or. 1.
Movements of Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Fnerat Bls
marCK. for Hamburg: stmr Edam, for Amsterdam.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Sept Stmr Vic
toria. :■.:.:
BREMERHAVEN— out Sept 17— Stmr
Hht«i, '»/',.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Bept 17— Stmr Am
stir am. -*' '.' r •'..'. : ■
LONDON— Arrival out Sep; 17 — Mohawk.
>ai.ed Sept 17— Stmr Mississippi, for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Hepi 17— Slim Scan
dla .
COPENHAGEN— Arrived ont Sept 17— Stmr
Norce.
GENOA-Kalled Sept 17— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 17— stmr Ger
manic ■ • . . ■ ■■ ■ •
LlZAßD— Passed Bept 17— Stmr Schiedam, frm
New York, for Amsterdam-
ISLE OF WIGH r— Passed Sept 17— Htmr Phoe
nicia, from Hamourg, or New York: stmr Spaarn
dam. from Rotterdam, lor New York.
DUN NET HEAD— Passed Sept 17— Stmr Vir
ginia, from Stettin, for New York.
DOVER— Passed Sept 17— Stmr Zaandam, from
Amsterdam, for New York.
Importations.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 42 pkgs mdse, 7 bxs
dry abalones. 1 bx cheese, 7 cs honey, ' 27 bxs
paint. . ■
socuel— 7l2 reams paper.
Moo Landing— ■£ cs eggs, V* bx batter.
MoroCojo— l429 sks potatoes. .
Sallnai ex P V X B— 760 sks barley. 7 pkgs
mdse.
Watson vine ex P V B R— 2o7 sks popcorn, 417
sks oats. 5 pkt;s mdse.
Santa Cruz— 23 pkgs mdse, 15 bxs apples, 8 rolls
leather, 2 bxsbu'ter, 2 cscheese, 1 pkg lace
leather, 500 bbls lime.
PORTLAND— Per Arcata— 23s tons coal, 955
sks guano, 1 bdl sacks.
PORTLAND— Empire— s pkgs machinery.
16 i.kgs 1 bbl DM)*!, 149 bdls hides, 200 cs canned
good*. 1466 sks wheat, 37 M. ft lumber, 10 tons
mdse. 100 eds wood. 8000 snooks.
VICTORIA— Per Walla Walla— 4 pkgs md«. 7
pkgs 6 bales 61 cs curios, 1 sk coin, 13 bxs apples,
I '2 pkgs express. 3 cs chronometers, 30 cs whisky,
1 bxd piano, 2 cs charts.
sit. a— 1 bx bullion
- Thorns Bay — 300 hf bbls salmon.
\v ramjet— 1 bdl hair seal 1 bdl deerskins.
Port Townsend — 159 bdls green hides. 2 pkgs ex
press and coin. 1 pkg mdae.
Junean—l bar gold bunion, 1 bx clothing. .
! Douglas Island — 1 pkie express, 1 bx bullion.
Sumdum— l pkg gold bullion, 143 sks ore, 1 cs
curios.
Seattle via O N 8y— 335 sks wheat, 250 hf-sks
flour.
. Seattle— sks coin, 2 pkgs blankets, 3 bbls brass
and zinc. 240 bdls hides, 3 rolls carpet, 96 cs sal
mon, 1 cs dry goods, 1 pig tires. 1 cs goods, 2 bxs
clocks. 377 tons coal. 10 pkgs mdse, 2 bxs butter.
61 sks oats. 1 bbl salmon, 1 car '22 hxs fish. 1 cs I
shoes, 2 pkxs tobacco.
New Whatcom— l lot lumber. 10 pcs stone, 1 cs
hats, 8 sks (irlid fruit. 1 pki; mdse, 1 sk coin.
Vancouver— l 6 bxd pianos. 4 cs underwear, 1
bdl leather. 126 pkgs 250 cs whisky. 3 pKgs mdse,
2 cs books, 6 cs picture framed, 3 cs parasols. 7 cs
hosiery, 1 cs laces 400 ca condensed milk. 24 I
water-gates. 4 cs traveling bags. 2 cs wooden
I names. 11 rs dry goods, 5 bbls ammonia, 92 cs
boots and shoes. 105 cs tobacco.
Everett— 2o bxs nails. 336 pkts snooks, 700 bars
bullion. 11 rolls 368 bdls paper, 2 pkgs mds?.
Tacoma— l stove. Ibx extracts, 13 pkgs mdse. 3
cs rubber boos, 3050 sks bran. 48 bbls cement, 1
cs no: lons. 1 piano. 1 typewrl er. 00 bars bullion.
Tacoma west ot Farco— 6l*26 sks wheat. 793 sks
flax, 1376 sks oats. 665 hf-sks flour, V pkgs m .se,
1 nx s- les. 1 hx tobacco, 7 cs sho-s. 1 cs books.
PORTLAND-Per -tateor California— l9oß hf
sk* flour. SIX) gunnies flour 1000 bags rice, 60 bis
bags, 108 sick wool. SSLO ft ash lumb r. 208 cs sal
mon, 1592 pkgs paper, 1608 sks wheat, 4765 sks
bran. 21 cs earth paint, 35 crts hams, 27 pkgs seed
17 coops chickens, 17 cs eggs.
Astoria- 11 pkgs«xpress, I pkg treasure, 378
sks oysters. 711 cs salmon.
GU AY MAS— Per Orizaba— B pkgs mdse, 78 cs
sulphates, 1 cs maculn ry. 6 hxs iron rolls,' 1
anchor. 1 chain, 35 bdls skins, 207 green hides. 36
bdls dry hues. 7 bis flshskins. 1 bx. tortoise shells,
a bxs rlsb fins, 1 cs iruit, 2 bags silver ore, 4 cs
copper, 4 bdls fish Hides. 12t2 bags ore, 46 cs
limes. 38 bars silver bullion: 4 cs corner. 1 nk«
gold bnll'aii, 2 bar* gold b >lllon, 1 cs Hex can dol
lars, 24 bars silver and sold bullion, 7 cr s 4 ska
shel s, 7 sk* horns, 46 suit sealskins. 57 turtles
MKNDOCINO-Per Point Arena— 2 pk?s mdse.
Ibx butter, -■ ides. 4 bdls pelts. 2 s«s wool. 1 sk
mohair, 154 Mft lumber. . . ■
Point Arena— 6o bxs 3 bbls 1 keg butter, 1 coop
chickens, 1 cs eggs. 7 pkes mase. 2.. cans tallow. 3
I dressed hogs, 2 firkins butter, 1 sk tails. 13 bxs
< berr.es, 1 coop ducks, 22 hides. 3 bdls pelts 27
green hides. , ' •
jiURKKA-Per Pomona-100 pkgs mdse. % bbl
flan, »0 kegs 2pk -s 88 bxs but er. 0 M shakes.
11 .' head cattle, 2 cs rasa* are, 2 bbls mineral
water, 53 pkgs iron. 1 bx spice. 1 ox berries 2 sl<->
coin, 8 pkgs express, 2 bxs tobacco, 7500 ft lum
oer. ■
R R and E X R-205 bxs butter, 7 crates, 2 pkgs
mdse. 7 doors. . v 6
COOS BAY— Per Alcatraz— vlO tons coal. 1 bdl
sheepskins, 14 bdls dry hides. 100 M ft lumber 3*
ship Knees, 21 spars.
.J^'}^ •■ p()BT -P« Santa Cruz-6045 sks oats
20 sks wheat, 716 sks bnriey. 10 1 sks neans ,
COOS BAY-Per Araio-lSsks bar... 35 pk?s
m is?, 6 bxs hardware, 30 bxs but er . bd.s ski m
2 bales flannels. 14 cs cheese 3 pigs v Heels. 103
M rt-i imber. 10 cords matchwood, 7 pkes express,
1 sk coin. 650 tons co:i ■
Port urrorJ-4 sks wool, 1» bxs 41 kegs butter,
Ibx salmon. 8 pk -» tuJse, Ipk expresi, Isi
coin.
Cnnsi»»nee«
Per A'ca raz-J D Spreckels <& Bros Co; 8 H
Frank A i"o; •'ImDHOn. I umber ! o; James N" la 1 •
The Pacific" Coast Home i^upptv Association.
Per van a Cruz— ll Uutnr 1: M T Freltas A Co- X
M Hamme.-: H Cow II Ji Co: . i> a ci.
Per Orizaba— WHiinm K-nnle; .< aiirer*. Roni* &
Co; c, A bo oman: J;s Warner Mfg Co; Gardiner
& IhormVy: -an Vicen v Mining Company: -e'.br
Smeit nil and Lend 10; '.', it(li>-Caitfo. nla Bunk: I
Gu te; A Paad:iil; r F lluih^r A in; Geo -taa'ke
* Co: Hi! Newhall <t Co; W Loa'za A Co: A
bandeval; Cal Elec Co; Gabdella Cvn Mining Co;
Hip Wo Lan,Thledeman & Deiius- Th«, m,
to. B Han ;J B Margin ; S ' Tn *"«Uiau3er 4
Per Pumona— a Crocker & Co- a paiurt. . „
Dosbei; BrUham, Hoppe *t> n /ft? I °
0..: DodBB," Sweeney Sr Co; D ar m n '»°i >pt ' r "*
li B Bnrnam: r b naighi a c o - liumhn,i, Jn 11 !
e-a* Water Co; J. Finn: Hiber Via Srewi? • -"i"
KOI-.- r » & Co : Joh.. Wleland X c ". MK»M h A
National Brewery; schwei z r & <'s p a- s . h:
Brer Co; scoti A Van Ars.lale Co- stanL^ c .«?
1 Co: Tne Wertheim.r Co; i: .s Brewefv^ \v \ "
Fa go A• o; Brigh-mi Hoppe & ConV'l R^*'
C .•. Uhinev* Co; ..etz Bros; Norton ivn ,SJ, S J
R: Witz dc Baker. lon - le " r *
Per smr Gipsy— Arctic Oil Works: s tan lurri nu
co: Carp. * Co; Ita .an S«i s c olo T Wp l
Jaokso,; Cal I ottllti Co: Union i, c ■* ?•" .P. P
& M g.ini; Wm Mitch II; J W Gale & V"» C v
••ason: LU Srsovich; Union Pap.. r to- ,'.».
TMii.-r & Co: a Joost: Thos Lousher^-wSS 1
vu. .is * <o: Marshall,. TeKvart <k 0 - Wnt lH
01m: WHtson: Buffalo Brewery H 1 m« h
F W Appenine: Gould A Jaudin- Koh Ter »
Cb-s-; a WFinc; Hammond & Knw; — ?**
uing Co; H-Cowrll Co. ' Ron T * a "
Pr sit . r -^raso — Holme A Hurt: r>iy\ eP
Sweeney a Co; c; tz Bios: ntllmer, BrenhofT »
<"o; II D i'ume * Co; Cal Bottling to- \" ell g
Fargo A co; C E Worde.i & Co; a F Allen- \v it
■ mi-.li; B.mdou Woolen Mills: Hlllmer, Br dioff
•ten; Amer Press i*ssn: Crown Distillery in- if
B <fe y; I" r.lon Brewer,-; Oregon Coal ..n<l "NavV-n.
P a Hue 1 A Co; Puget 8011 .d Lumber Co. '
I er stmr state of C ilfornia— Allen Len-i«.
M P I>et Is: F Hll!«ns; J P Thomas: Otis MeAl
■ later & Co; Parrott A( o George Morrow a i'o"
Ha tour. Ouitirie & CO: Moore, cer^.siii *(•„.'
liulnie &H- rt; X !■' Wicbßiis ,t Co; Willamette
Pulp an 1 Paper • o: Crow Ph er Co: .1 k Arnishv
&Co: Fon:aiia«feC): WP til er * Co; Klngan
<t Co; KJ Houhd; JH Newba itr & Co; CJaiob
son Jk Co: W C Price A Co; Darbee & Imm^il-
Foparty <fc PuiKer; M X A Wagner; Morgan
Oyster Co llBMor»-h»n: Ran^ of B:ltls!> Co
lumbia; Join Rosenfeld's Sons; Wells, l-argoA
c o.
Per stmr Point A ena — E xCruse; Manuel
I nos: Wheatoi., Breon <fe Co; W B umner & Co-
Dennison, Wi sou A Co: Memlocin» Lumber Co-
Ross & Hewlett; Mar in, Fensler A Co: Dair.
meus L". Ion; Ktandaru Oil Co; C P lieves: Rob
erts A Tuft; S M !-oren<o 1: Herman Waldeck 4
to; OB smith & Co. Gould & J<tudln; S Baluiou
son; Rholffs «fc oerUau : Wt-imore B os.
Per stinr Walla Wa.la — Austin J Roberts;
X G Lyon A Co: X O Bates; Friedman <fe Rogers;
t-eorge Morrow: H Hoffman: Henry Cowell A Co;
Henry Conn: Picking, i-ulioii & o; Se.by smelt-
Ing and Lead o: We.it Coast <irain Co: Thomas
Watson; Heisland, Warner A Co; H Duiard-
A Irn A Lewis: Kettle & Co; E L Evereft: c d'
FratJ2is: «Stlefva er; d # tloward; H C Roedl
ger; J Cat'Cfc Co; Wii. tzer AgurJ; William A
Shaw; J B Sul ivnn; Dunham, Carrig.tn it Co;
Northern Lumber Co: W v Kichar Bake',
Motli t A Towne; Beiingham B&v Improvement
Co; Clark A Sons: Triest & Co: i illmau ABeuuel;
Wells, Fargo & Co: Sherman, Clay & Co; Ameri
can Toba*-co Co; Buc.ngham <& Hechl; Mack &
Co: G Devllthiss: Crane & Co; Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Co: Murphy, (.ran. A Co; Main A
Winchester; Cahn Nlckelsburg&Co: M Sciwar.z
George It 1 gg; William Wolff: -American Fish Co
A L Bryan Shoe Co: Brubam Hoppe A Co;
Charlps Johnson: Deming-Paimer Milling Co: X J
Rovven; J Wleland: E J Bowen: I. 8 Simon; Mi.
lanl ,t Co; G W McNear; Neubun er, Reiss >S: Co-
Del Monte Milling Co: Relcher & Co: Melh T*Qomaj
Clock Co; . W G liinion: W & J S.oane: W B Sum
ner«t«o: WT Garrett <& Co; Yucca Root Soap
Co; C Price; T R Turner: J J Adams A Co; Ore-
Eon Improvement Co: Blstiinger A Co; D P Paga;
Bank or California; S BacuciViCh; The sawyei
Tanning Co: Norton, Teller A CO: Apollo cob
Mining Co; Lev!, Strauss A Co; 4an Francisco
Chemical Wor s: A Lev.v & to; W b. Grace <fc Co-
Captain li Ba four; William Roth.
P. r stmr Empire— G Relit; Charles Harley &
Co; W I' Garret c; S il Frank A Co; .Norton T,u ■
ning Co: He^cUburg A Co; Moore. Ferguson .6
Co: N P 8 - Co: Clnmop Mill Co
WMW-Overdue Accouots
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sanaome St. (Tel Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. Lis" of S.T.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free.' • .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST steamship COSPAJY
STKAMERS WfLL SAIB FROM /»*«
O Droadwuy wharf, San Francisco, as-WtfaEff
follows:
or Mary Island, Lorlng," Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsiiooand Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sep:. 11,36.
For Vie oria and Vancouver (B. C), Pqrt Town-
send, Seattle, Ta<oma, Everett. . Anacortes and
Kew W atcom (Beilincham Bay, Wash.). 9a. U.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21, 26, and every fifth -lay mere
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. B.
R., atTa> oma wl.h N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Fly., at Port Townsen* with Alaska steamers.
For Mireka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
rioldt Bar) sir. .Pomona '£ p. it., «• pt. •£, 6, tO, 14,
18. V' 3. L 6. 30. and every four h day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (San . uls Oblspo), t.nvio:a. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, »an Pedro, East ban
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
8 pt. 4.8,12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
o»y tbereaf:er.
For >an Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), ~-anta Barbara, ion Los An-
reios, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m. Sept. 2. 6, 10, 14, 18. ::2, 16, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For rnsenada, Han Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
. A. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office,* Palace Hotel, A New Montgomery
Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL .AJST 13
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FAD^|«ij! iimt-clsii \ Including
r\.l\_LV lWtf Second-class /berth A meaU
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ....Sept. 15, 25. Oct. 5, IB
State of California — bept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applca.
tleu to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene al Agent,
| 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ ' days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, fU, HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl by
AUSTRALIA. WS.S. AUSTRALIA.
H. 8. ALAMt.iI 1 sails Via HONOLULU and
A UCKLAA Dior SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. m.
H. s. AtJ-TR ALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22, at 10 a. v. Special party rates.
Line to COOLUARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. . .
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
11 1 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRASSATLAS TIQDB
French Liu*! to Havr<s.
/-IOMPANY > SPIER(XEW).42N'ORTH Ml
\J River, foot of Morton sc Traveler* by i^^tZ
this line avoid both transit oy English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yore to Alexandria, Egypt, vi* **.*«*
first-class 9160: second-class, $110.
LAGASCOU.NE. Sept. 26. 3 A. It
J,A RKETAtiNE Oct. 3, 7 A. K.
LACU IIPAONE.... Oct. 10. 3 AM.
L-> T'»f*RA i N ...;.. Oct. 17. 6 a.
LA BOURGOGNB <-cL S4, 1 p. it.
as- For further particulars apply to
• A. FOBGKT. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Oreen, New York.
3. P. FUOAZI A CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■
"WILTESTAR USB.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BBTWXIS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILI.Nu JKVKKt Wr.fcK.
I ABIN, *6O AND UPWARD. ACCORD- *&£+
I \J ing to steamer auil accommodations nw
selected: second cabin,* wand*4 _0: I "r"i'r£
an- 1 Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England- Ire-
land, • Scotland. Sweden. Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. ™*™i
sailing dates and cabin plans may be P lOO0 ™
from %V. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or »t the
General ' •ffice of the Company, 613 Market streen
under Grand Uotel. nerai
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PAiKET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVK ' ASPINWALL $£%y
fortnightly for the West Indies . and r *««£
Southampton, calling en route at ■ t-eroour u,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. .
Through bills of ladlne. in connection th^M
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for fr f^ht an* treas-
ure to direct ports in England and «« m p^ mout v
Through tickets from dan Francisco to Pi> m ° u
Cherbourg, Southampton. First | cl a«?l».' |»J«
class, «V 7 6U For A^nl"
;^(>t: f ';il-*'orriiii nt»
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave PJer No. 3, Washmgrton St^
At o x*. Ja, Waiiy. * rfl«a- received up
aa- Accommodations Reserved by Telepnona.
flkonraue ni^iu^ turoujjfl raies on Valley
Road freight. gTKAMKI^.
Mary TiSrr^tt. City of Stockton.
"A .«puont.^un Kn.v__Cai. >» v - » ud tm " 1 " "»
US. SAYYYARD MARE ISL'HD, YALLEJO.
•Bfnifis. 'P>-! '»• ». *<nr;.' ' and '"loud.
*&TK. aiONTICKLLO.
Dally 10:30 a. m.. 4:tlu p. M (^t-udays "l":30
/ mi :.:30p. m. .-umtavs 8 p. m. on.-, < ffices
»nd /andlug. Pie, 2, ilissloust. 1 elephone B aclt
.. JllAiCli iJtvO*.
'"• • 4 and 8 p.m. -rips on!y. '
*« ; x -irinii trip. »ive« s hours at iNavy-yard.
FORSUJO E, iO><JA 0 &SASTACRCZ
STEAMER ALVISO LKAV^'PIErt ] UATLT
» 1I)a v. (Sundays ex- -ep:ed); Alviso duly at
7p. M (.-^aiurs| ys ex *-pt<»d). Freig'it : and : Pas-
senger." .' are between San Kr.aici co and Alvlso.
Me: to Sm Jose, 75c. Clay at., Pier •X.■2o W.
banta Clara si.. 4*n Jose. ' .Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
DOCTOR McLEAN'S '
SUCCESSOR DUE,
The Rev. Charles Reynolds
Brown a Stranger to
His Flock.
WAS LATELY MARRIED.
Starting in Life as a Lawyer,
He Felt Himself Called to
the Ministry.
WORKED THROUGH BEMINARY
After a Short Methodist Experience
He Was Ordained a Congrega
tional Minister.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 17. )
Although the Rev. Charles R. Brown is
to become permanent pastor of the First
REV. CHARLES REYNOLDS BROWN of CKarlestown, Mass^
"Who Will Come to QaklancJ Immediately After His Wed
ding to Succeed Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D.
Congregational Church in two weeks, not
one of the vast membership of his influ
ential pastorate has seen him either per
sonally or pictorially. Ail that is known
of him is that he is an accomplished
preacher who has accepted the unanimous
call of the congregation and has resigned
Irom his Charlestown church, near Boston.
The successor to Dr. J. K. McLean will
come to this city under very interesting
circumstances.
The trip will in reality be his honey
moon, as he will leave the day after his
marriage. The wedding will take place in
the Winthrop Church, of which he has
been pastor for four years next Wednes
day. Ihe bride is Miss Alice Tufts, who
has lived all her life in Charlestown acd
who is beloved and respected by her vast
acquaintance. She comes of the old Tufts
family of New England that founded
Tufts College, near -Boston. Her father is
treasurer of the Warren Bank, and Miss
Tufts is,a graduate of Radcliffe College.
Thursday next, Mr. and Mrs. Brown
■will leave Boston and will reach Oakland
in time for the pastor to occupy his new
pulpit on the first Sunday in October.
Rev. Charles Reynolds Brown is a native
of West Virginia and is now thirty-fonr
years of age. He graduated from Wash
ington (Iowa) College and was awarded
the degree of A. B. at lowa University in
1883. •
During his course at the university he
began the study of shorthand. In De
cember, 18S3, he removed to Davenport,
lowa, where he entered the law offices of
Davidson & Lane.
In the Bummer of 1885 he abandoned
law and entered an insurancs company's
office in Dcs Moines, in order that he
might save money to carry him through
the seminary. In September, 1886, he en
tered the theological school of Boston
University and on the day after he deliv
ered his graduating address he was ap
pointed pastor of Wesley Chapel M. E.
Church in Cincinnati.
There he remained until 1892, when he
abandoned Methodism, accepted the call
of Winthrop Church, Charlestown dis
trict. Bnd on September 20, 1892, was or
dained as a Congregational minister and
installed as pastor. He has done great
work while there, and has established an
excellent reputation for himself as pastor
and preacher. The congregation steadily
increased during his ministry, and his
helpful influence in the community was
appreciated by all classes of citizens.
During his lour years at Charlestown
Mr. Brown received 221 new members into
his church, and the firm place he held in
the hearts of his congregation is evidenced
by their genuine sorrow at his resignation.
In a letter from a member of Rev. C. R.
Brown's congregation at Winthrop
Church, received to-day, occurs the fol
lowins *
"A thunderbolt from a clear sky would
have caused but little more surprise to the
congregation of Winthrop Church last
Sunday than the announcement by Rev.
Charles R. Brown, the brilliant and es
teemed young pastor, that he intended to
tever his connection with the church
wherin he was ordained four years ago
and with whose people he has labored
earnestly and faithfully ever since.
"After the refusal of the generous call
which Rev. Mr. Brown received from a
Maiden congregation a year or more ago,
the majority of his people were inclined
to the opinion that he would serve in the
local ministry for some time to come.
"Mr. Brovrn is not one who jumps
hastily at any straw which may blow his
way. He readily appreciates the value of
friendly counsel and how to put it to good
personal use. It was, therefore, after due
donsideration and mature reflection that
be decided to accept a call to the First
Congregational Church of Oakland, Cal.,
which is the largest church on the Pacific
Slope, and ranks seventh in the large
churches of the Congregational denomina
tion. Although in receipt of the call
some little time, and being present in per
son at tbe regular Friday nis:ht meeting,
he did not consider it best to make any
announcement of the fact until Sunday,
| and in consequence the surprise to the
congregation was all the more complete.
"There was no attempt at a dramatic
parting in the reading of the letter. It
was a clear, straightforward statement of
his position and his intentions, full of sin
cere and affectionate regard for his people
and showing great sadness at his neces
sary departure for other fields of labor. It
was evident that it was a hard task to him
to read the letter, because of the pleasant
relations which have always existed bs
tween him and the people of Winthrop
Church, yet there was happiness underly
ing all sentiment in the fact that he was
going to greater vineyards where an op-
Eortunity for greater work was before
im. There was an absolute hush through
out the church during the reading of the
letter, and it was apparent that all were
eagerly listening to every word."
ro Appeal Again.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 17.— The sen-
tencing of C. R. Bennett was continued
until Monday by Judge Ogden to-day, on
motion of Bennett's attorneys. His coun
sel stated that they would appeal the case
to the Supreme Court upon exceptions to
rulings made during the trial. The recent
decision was upon an appeal of the prose
cution from the setting aside of a verdict.
DR. TRENOR DROPS DEAD
Heart Disease Takes Off One
of Alameda's Oldest
Physicians.
Mrs. G. A. Weise Loses Her Jewelry.
* The Dawn Goes on a Cruise,
A Firrman Honored
ALAMEDA, Cal.,. Sept. 17.— Dr. Eus
tace Trenor, one of the oldest and best
known physicians of this city, died sud
-1 denly at 2 o'clock this afternoon at his
i home, 1312 Oak street, of heart disease,
j superinduced by an attack of pneumonia.
I He had been conversing with his wife,
when he suddenly sank down and died.
The doctor came here from New York
City in 1801, and built up a good practice.
He (inducted a private insane asylum in
j conjunction with Dr. Tucker. It was lo
j cated on the lot in the rear of the present
Park Row. About twenty years ago the
place burned and was never rebuilt. He re
sumed his private practice and continued
up to within a short time of his death.
He bad been ailing for some time, but
death was unexpected.
Dr. Trenor was born in New Yor* City
in 1834, and was of a family of five boys,
all of whom, with their father, were
members of the noted Seventh Regiment
.New York Volunteers. Soon after com
ing here he enlisted in the Twelfth In
fantry and was detailed as assistant sur
geon, which position he filled with credit
for five years. He was at Fort Grant and
Fort Tucson during this time. He then
settled here, it being in 1867,
The deceased leaves a daughter, Mrs.
McAllister, and a widow, both of whom
were with him at the last. He was form
erly a member of the Salvation Army, but
cast his lot with the American Volunteers
some time ago. The funeral services will
be bela from the latter's headquarters in
San Francisco next Sunday afternoon.
Captain Mills of the Oakland Post was
present at the doctor's deathbed.
Pioneer Fireman Honored.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 17.— During
the after-dinner speeches last night at the
banquet of the Citizens' Hook and Ladder
Company No. 1, P. W. Barton, its first fore
man, was presented with a handsome
gold bad^e, set with diamonds and rubies.
It is in the .share o f a fire front of a fire
man's helmet, with the figure lon the
face. The lettering reads: "First Fore
man Citizen H. and L., P. W. B." On the
back is the following inscription: "1876.
A token of esteem from Citizen H. and L
Co., No. 1, A. F. 1)., P. W. Barton their
First Foreman. 1896." The presentation
speech was made by Chief Krauth and
took the hero of many fires entirely by
surprise.
Delegates to the Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 17.— The follow
ing delegates will represent Aiameda in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
tbe Democratic County Convention, which
meets in Oakland Saturday next: M. F.
Tarpey. J. F. Ives, A. F. St. Sure, A. F.
Huff, F. 8. Crandall, James Rossetter, J.
E. Barber, A. R. Baum, W. W. Ooggin,
T. E. Brennan, John O'Brien, E. Owens,
C. A. Snow, James Cuinmings, G. W.
Dennis.
Christian Endeavor Work.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 17.— The placing
of a complete church directory in all of
the hotels, churches and public places of
the city has just been completed by the
local union of Christian Endeavor socie
ties. The union has now engaged the
Rev. J. W. Kelchner to exhibit his "Tab
ernacle of Israel and Heavenly Sanctu
ary." It consists of 17,000 pieces, and will
be set up in Linderman's Opera-house and
opened to the puDlic on Saturday after
noon and evening, September 26. It is
said to be an exact reproduction of tbe
Tabernacle, including the gold, silver and
fine linen.
Stole Her Jewelry.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 17.- Another!
case of burglary was reported to the police '
to-day. This time the intruder visited the
residence of George A. Wiese, the elec
trician, and Durloined some jewelry.
Mr. Wiese 1b away from home ail day at
his work. Last Tuesday his wife went
over to Oakland to do some calling. Her
husband reached home first and sound the
doors open. Nothing was missed until
this morning, when Mrs. Wiese wanted
her Jewelry. The box could not be found,
and other things had been disturbed. She
at once sought her husband, who notified
the police.
Off on a Cruise.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 17.— Captain
Alonzo Green has fitted out his ark Dawn
and will leave to-morrow morning for a
three months' cruise up the Sacramento
River. The ark has been overhauled and
handsomely refitted and presents a pretty
appearance.
The craft will be commanded by V. M.
Green, a son of its proprietor, with G. M.
Henderson as first mate. The others who
will go along are: Captain and Mrs.
Alonzo Green, Mrs. A. H. Todd, J. Mc-
Mecham and J. T. Hall.
ON PINS AND NEEDLES,
Not a Single Candidate Is Cer
tain of a Republican
Nomination.
Mount Eden Will Open Her Big Wig
wam With a Barbecue, a Meet
ing and a Ball.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Sept. 17. j
So complex are the positions of the many
candidates for the Republican nomina
tions at Monday's convention that no one
can, at this time, assert that his position
is secure. On account of the conflicting
boundaries of the Supervisorial, Assembly
and Senatorial districts, it is almost im
possible to make a trade and to guarantee
that any delegation will stay traded. Tbere
will be three tickets in the field in nearly
every district at Saturday's primary, and
when the results are known candidates
will have to rush to and fro like the wind
all Sunday to make new combinations
ready for the convention which assembles
in Lindemann Hall, Alameda, on Monday.
The latest feature in the fight for
Superior Judces is the coming to the front
of Judgo J. J. Allen. When elected Jus
tice of the Peace two years ago, Judge
Allen received the largest vote of any
Justice, and he is still as popular. He lias
not yet completed the combination he will
enter. He says that his ticket will be for
the Third Ward candidates who have not
rallied to the Greene-Hall ticket, but he
will not mix up in the Senatorial fight.
Supervisor Pelouze announced to-day
that he will run independently to succeed
himself.
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., Bept. 17 The
Republicans of Mount Eden and vicinity
are preparing for a big time Saturday
afternoon and evening, when the new
wigwam of the Mount Eden Republican
Club will be formally dedicated to the
cause espoused by McKinley and Hobart.
The Brat of the exercises will commence
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when a big
meeting will be held in the new building.
A fine programme has been prepared, in
cluding speeches and music, while other
features will entertain.
At the meeting C. M. Shortridge and
Congressman 6. G. Hilbqrn will each de
liver an address on the issues of the cam
paisrn, and local orators will also be heard.
During the afternoon a regular old-fash
ioned barbecue will take place, and this
will particularly interest the country
people.
In the evening a dedicatory ball will be
given, which promises to be largely at
tended.
The wigwam, which is an imposing
structure, is to be gayly adorned with ban
ners and bunting, and will undoubtedly
be the scene of more real Republican en
thusiasm than has been known of in Mt.
Eden's history.
SUFFRAGISTS SPEAK.
A Large Audience Hears Women Argue
for Their I'.ighU.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The Expo
sition building held an enthusiastic audi
ence of fully 2500 people to-night to par
ticipate in the tirst distinctive suffragist
rally and mass-meeting held in this city
during the campaign. The stage was
beautifully decorated with the National
emblems, palms, fern 3, cut flowers and
smilax. Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, president
of the Alameda County Political Equality
Society, presided and was surrounded by
a hundred or more of the most prominent
men and women ot the city. Among the
number were Rev. C. W. Wendte, Miss
iMollie Connors, editorof Saturday Night;
Mrs. A. A. Moore, Mrs. Olive Clifford,
Mrs. Ida A. Harper, Mr-. Nellie Holbrook-
Biinn and Miss Winifred harper.
The first speaker was Mrs. Carrie Chap
man-Catt, who began by giving a review
of the condition of women from the fourth
century down to the present time, and de
clared that men had advanced during all
these years, and that women had ad
vanced also, though they had been kept
behind by men. With the close of the
nineteenth century they desired to ask to
be allowed to take their places beside
the ir brothers and make the world what
it should be. She said' that the only rea
son women had not been enfranchised
long ago was because the political parties
and politicians hail not been satisfied that
they would benefit their special party. In
support of this she Quoted the fact that no
Territory had ever been admitted to state
hood until known that it would support
the party in power at the time and assist
to keep it in power.
Rev. Anna Shaw, the other speaker, has
been here on several occasions, and was
warmly greeted when she faced the au
dience. She reviewed the situation as she
found it in the State. "The most danger
ous class," she said, "is the wily, unscrup
ulous politician, with money to buy the
votes of the ignorant class. Their power
is more to be feared than that oi any other
class in the land."
Observed a Jewish Holiday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— Judge Ells
worth observed the "Day of Atonement"
to-day out of respect to several j'irors of
the Hebrew faith who were listening tn
the testimony in the case of Caiharina
Moir aea!nst the Southern Pacific Rail
road. Two years ago a juror asked for a
vacation at this time and was refused, and
on the next day he died.
UNCLE SAM'S
LONG-HIED BOY
Lyman P. Baare Is a Post
man Who Believes With
Samson.
STRENGTH IN HIS HAIR
He Lost Three Days' Pay Rather
Than Remove His Hat in
the Office.
REASON FOR HIS BELIEF.
Since Allowing His Locks to Grow
Baare's Physical Development Has
Been Very Rapid.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 17. »
A most novel proposition has been made
to Postmaster White by Captain Harry
Williams of the Oakland Cycling CluD.
Wiliiams is a barber, and he has offered to
LETTER-CARRIER BARRE, Who Lost Three Days' Pay Rather
Than Expose the Top of His Head.
cut the hair, shampoo and shave Letter
carrier Lyman P. Baare, it the latter will
consent. Bat Mr. Baare will not even
take off his hat, and il is highly danger
ous to any one to suggest hair-cutting to
him.
Baare has been the most notable char
acter in the Oakland civil service for
some years. His peculiarity consists of
his long hair, which he will not cut and
which he claims is the secret of his pres
ent good health. Baare's hair is long
enough to cover his shoulders and he ap
pears strangely out of place among such a
trim body of men as there is in the letter
carrier service.
Some time ago Baare lost three days'
pay rattier than take his hat off while at
tending the delivery-window on Sunday.
The clerk in charge saw Baare with his
bat on handing letters to ladies through
the window and told him it was not the
proper thing. Baare persisted and was
laid off that day, and when the matter
was reported to the Postmaster Bnare was
laid off for two more days, and ail because
he would not take his hat off. No one
ever remembers seeing Baare with his hat
off.
A few years ago Lyman Baare was in
Door health when compared with his
rooust constitution at this time. He ex
plained recently to a friend that the secret
of the change was in his hair. He said
that he believed in the story of Samson
and is of the opinion that long hair is con
ducive to health and strength. Since let
ting his hair grow Baare claims that his
physique has wonderfully improved, and
bin appearance certainly bears out his
claim, as he is a finely developed man.
Postmaster White denied that he was
trying to get some authority from Wash
ington to require Baare to cut his hair.
"I am thinking of no such ridiculous
thing," said the postmaster to-day. "I
I cannot force a man to cut his hair. All
I can do Is to insist that every man shall
present a neat, respectable appearance and
I can co no further.' 1
Baare is a very reticent young man ana
his long locks have made him very promi
nent. He ties his hair with a narrow rib
bon at the back of his neck and owing to
the notoriety which he has obtained on
account of his peculiarity he has been in
duced to place it on the top of his head
bo that it is covered by his hat.
OFFICERS IN DOUBT.
Snpreme Court Decision May Hake It
Necessary to Elect Jus
tices.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The gen
eral impression among the legal fraternity
in this city is that the decision of the
Supreme Court regarding the term of
offices in Ban Francisco has vacated the
term of City Justices J. J. Allen and T. V.
Wood at the end of this year, and that as
a consequence there must be nominations
made at the coming county conventions.
The Supervisors will undoubtedly in
clude in the call for the general election
the City Justices, and this will give the
fcocumbents the opportunity to bring in
junction proceedings to prevent the
names from being placed on the ticket.
Id case this is not done those nominated
at the conventions or those who choose to
run independently would bring suit to
have their names placed on the ticket.
The Superior Court would pass on the
issue in time for election, but it would
then go to the Supreme Court.
Palmer's Return.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 17.— The Rev.
S. S. Palmer, pastor of the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church in East Oakland, has re
turned from a two months' vacation in
Honolulu. While absent he supplied the
Central Union Church of that city. He
was fortunate enough to see the great vol
cano in action, feel the eartn tremble and
see the molten lava spurting out in balls
of fire and then fall back again into the
seething mass below.
The Central Union Church of Honolulu
is built from the same plans as Mr. Pal
mer's church in this city. It is considered
a model in architecture and internal ar
rangements. It is a beautiful structure of
lava atones and cost $135,000.
Democrats Indifferent.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The Demo
I cratic primaries last night in this city
were the quietest ever held. In some
places not a dozen votes were cast. There
was no contest worthy the name, and as it
had been given out that the Populists
j were to have half of the nominations few
j felt impelled to take the trouble to hunt
up the polling-places and cast a ballot.
SAVED THE DUMMY.
But Had It Been a Human l'.ody It
Would. Have Been the
Same.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The test of
streetcar fenders to-day on Washington
street attracted quite a crowd, among
which Mayor Davie and several Council
men appeared, as well as streetcar men
and others Interested.
George Risen Mailer, the Ban Francisco
inventor, has a framework with a rope
net which would pick up anything from a
cat to a horse and buggy. It is so ar
ranged that if a prostrate body is hit the
net is lilted so as to pass over it, but in so
doing a smaller apron under the car is
dropped and scoops up the body. It is
an impossibility for a body to cet under
the wheels with this apparatus in use.
The scoop was set in to-day's trials for a
track that is above the street level, as in
suburban traffic, it having been tried at
Elrahurst, In the city, where the pave
ment is level with the rail, it has to be set
a couple of inches higher to correspond to
the difference to the street level, the first
apron necessarily being nigh enough so as
to only touch n prostrate body slightly
and not to roll it.
All who saw the trial expressed the be
lief that a life-saving guard had been in
vented that would save life. Its appear
ance is not what might be desired, but
this in a second consideration, and might
be easily remedied by the inventor with
out any loss of effectiveness in preventing
the mangling of persons who tire caujjbrt
by the cable and electric cars.
APPEAL TO REASON.
It Will Be Made by Prominent
Republican* nt the Exposition
Next Week.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The press
committee having the matter in charge
issued the following circular to-night:
Pursuant to custom, it has been decided to
hold a grand mass-meeting of Alameda County
citizens under tne direction and auspices of
the Republican State Central Committee dele
gation of this county.
The meeting has been called for Saturday
evening, September 26, 1896. at 8 o'clock, at
the Exposition building. It is expectta to
have as speakers of the evening George A.
Knight, Samuel M. Shortridge, w. R. Davis,
Frank Coombs, Presidential Elector D. E. ilc-
Kinlay, Hon. A. L Hart, State Senator Tirey L.
Ford, ex-Mayor M. C Cnapmnn, W. S. Barneu,
Assistant District Attorney of San Francisco E.
D. Peixotto and Carroll Cook.
Mrs. ft M. Martin will render a patriotic
song as a solo, and there will be a double xnaie
quartet from the Young Men's Republican
I-eaguo to fill in the Intermissions between
addresses.
A special train will run from Livermore to
Oakland, to arrive at First and Broadway at
7:30 p. m. lor the especial convenience of Re
publican clubs and individuals desirous of
attending the meeting. They will be met at
the depot by the Republican Alliance and the
Young Men* Republican League, both in full
uniform, and escorted- to the Exposition build
ing. The building will be closed until shortly
before the arrival of the train.
It is the aim of the State Central Committee
men to make this meeting one which will be
not only a convention oi Republicans, but of
every one who expects to cast a vote on No
vember 3, of everyone wno is interested in
knowing what Republicans lay before them
selves and before the people as the issues of
this campaign, and why they make their plea
to the sound reason and pnrticularly to the
patriotism of every American.
Consequently, the undersigned confidently
request your active support in giviug the af
fair the widest publicity and active Indorse
ment without which it must fall far short of
its highest success, Yours most respectfully
W. W. Knickerbocker. C. M. Fisher, J. \V.
Stetson, Committee on Press.
G. A. It. Programme.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— Admiral
D. D. Porter Post G. A. R. will give a
literary and musical entertainment next
Monday at Hamilton Hall. They have
secured the very best musical talent. Mrs.
Beatrice Priest-Fine will render a song,
and there will be a flute obligato by
Henry M. Fine and Dr. Todd. Miss Pearl
Noble of Alameda will also sing. There
will also be several G. A. R. features, and
a brilliant entertainment is promised.
The Promise of the Ages.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17.— The Starr
Kins Fraternity will entenain Charles
A. Keeler of Berkeley at the Unitarian
Crmrch to-morrow evenintr. Mr. Keeler
will read from his poem, "The Promise of
tiie Ages." and the reading will be illus
trated by sympathetic selections from
Beethoven's sonatas, played by Miss
Bertha Brehm. Mr. Keeler's poem is
dedicated to Professor Le Conte.
TEN CENTS A DAY.
Artist Dutton Refuses to Kefer to
Alaska at "El Dorado. "
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 17. — D. H.
Dutton has returned from a six months'
stay in Alaska. He brought his camera
back with him and $2- worth of gold duai
Auction §al&s
DELICACY STORE, THIS DAY AT 2 P. M.
FIXE SEI.ECTILI> STOCK OF GKOCKK-
-IKS, ELEGANT FIXTURES,
THREE KOOMS OF FURNITURE.
Everything clean, new and fresh.
gjf Remember the hour, 2f.il
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer for
A. M. BPECK <fe CO., 602 Mnricet street.
in a bottle he took with him. His friends
have calculated that Mr. Dutton took just
a trifle less than a dime a day from be
neath the snow, and although the returned
artist still refers to the "good prospects"
in the northland, it is not thought that
there will be another exodus from Oakland
next sprinc.
"If the Government does not send a
revenue cutter up north to brine: back
some of tbe .stranded gold-hunters'," said
Mr. Dutton to-day, "there will b? great
suffering this winter. I took up enough
food to last me all summer, and although
provisions are not more than four prices,
there are several people who are dependent
on charity, with no prospect of earning
their fare home."
It is said that Mr. Dutton did not fare
even aa well as he reported. His refusal to
take the cork out led to the jocular rumor
that the gold dust was filed, from one of
the "gold" bricks that haveJJJ figured so
prominently in recent criminal proceed
ings in this city.
WANTS TO RUN AGAIN.
Theodorianitis, the Aged Greek
Sprinter, Ready for a
Match.
Important Viticulturai Experiments.
Organizing a Free Silver
Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 17.— Nikoloas
Thecdorianitis, the sturdy old Greek, who
ran eight miles in 64 minutes last Sunday
over the rough road from Ban Pablo to
Berkeley, as told in The Call, wants to
make another run. But the next time he
dons his running garb it will be in a con
test for a purse. He ran, or rather walked
and ran, alone last Sunday, unpaced, with
no particular object in view further than
to limber up his legs and get back big
wind.
The hardy veteran Macedonian Is look
ing for a man about 50 years of asre to run
against, notwithstanding the fact that he
himself is in his seventy-seventh year.
This race must be a time race. That is,
the man who covers the greatest distance
in the same period of time takes the laurel
wreath and the purse.
Tneodorianitis says that he can do
nothing in a short race, but that his
strength lies in his ability to run for ten
hours, or even ten days. What he pro
poses is a race for ten or fifteen hours over
some country road in the vicinity. 'He is
not particular whether it be hilly or as
smooth as a barn floor, so long as his
opponent has to run over the same course.
The run which the old Greek took last
Sunday was his first since winning the
championship of Greece on the stadium
in 1890. He has taken long jaunts into
the country recently and has made some
remarkably pood time considering his age
and lack of training. Parties in Berkeley
who know of his record last Sunday are
considering a proposition of putting up
$500 on the Greek in a long-distance race.
They are having Theodorianitis practice
dally with the view to getting into trim
for a tryout.
Tbere is talk of having him enter in a
race from San Francisco to Lios Angeles.
The aged sprinter has several times ex
pressed his desire to run that distance for
a consideration.
Vineyard Experiments.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 17.—In
structor Hayne and Mr. Bioietti of the
department of viticulture at the State
University will leave to-morrow to con
duct a series of wine experiments at the
Niitoma vineyard in Napa County.
They will tafce along a quantity of bac
teria for fermenting purposes, and will
employ a cooling machine for adjusting
the temperature of wines, which was in
vented by Mr. Hayne. The general pur
pose of the experiments is to find means
for making dry wines in climates where it
is now impossible to do so. The depart
ment expects during the present season to
make some very important improvements
over present methods of wine-making.
San Francisco's Milk Supply.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 17.— Professor
E. J. "JVickson of the department of agri
culture at the State University is engaged
in the preparation of an extensive sta
tistical report of the milk trade
of San Francisco for the Jnited
States Bureau of Agriculture. The pro
lessor is receiving data for the completion
of this report by means of schedules sent
to the leading dairymen of the country
who dispose of their product in San Fran
cisco. These replies, of which about fifty
have already been received, are being com
piled in narrative form.
Free Silver Club Formed.
BERKELEY, Gal., Sept. 17.— The Pop
ulists and Democrats of Berkeley met last
night at Pythian Hall for the purpose of
forming a Free Silver Club. A commit
tee was appointed lor the purpose of ef
fecting a fusion between local Democrats,
Poputists and Silver Republicans. The
committee consists of General Theodore
Wagner, D. H. Frye and Robert VV. Good.
The committee will act at once with the
view to establishing the Free Silver Club.
Meeting at Golden Gate.
GOLDEN GATE, Cal., Sept. 17.— A Re
publican mass-meetinc was held here to
night in Klmkner Hall under the auspices
of the Golden Gate McKinley Club. Hon.
Louis Titus of San Francisco was the
speaker of the evening. Music was ren
dered by an original Hawaiian quartet.
The hall was crowded to the doors, many
ladies being present.
Harry Earl Rose, a 15-year-old lad living 8t
Elmhurst, has mysteriously disappeared, ami
fears for his safety are entertained.
V*""'lk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/iUwEfcgia SkeaBSTST. Established
S. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I <>li^> KKA«>'Y ST. Established
jl in IH3-1 for the treatment of Private
t"LLf\ ''Msj I>lse«is«'s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
EvsFSsmTi disease wcnriiißonbodyandiuindand
■ SUm Diseases. ThedoctorcureswluMi
»sSJpiW«^ otnerBfail - Try him. Charges low.
it^iaJSffiat'iire'Siiaranlred. Cullorwrite.
Dr. J. t-'. ulßßmi.Box l»s7.Sau Francisca
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
Atlantic <fite§f%
: Pacific j^^^^k-
Trains leave and arrive m rl^^^S&i'yiiS'^
Market-Street Ferry. '
SAXTA FK EXPRESS. Wmm
To Chicago via A. & I'.^i^g^^^Tgj
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrvmK rifllman
Palace Drawing-room Sleej)«rs, also Modern Up.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and In chariie of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Si. Louis. :
Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
.Mountains leave every Wednesday. - ■
') he best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: uodnst: In:erestlnjt scenery:
and good meals In Hurvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market 1
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Main
1531. Oakland; Broadway.
TO-DAY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 18, 1896,
..;.At 11 o'clock a. it., at.... .
1057 Market Street, Opposite Jones,
...,,.WX WUL BILL
. For the Account of Various Parties,
' An Immense line of Very Handsome Furniture,
consisting of Par'or, Bedroom, - Dining-room and
Kitchen uoods: also a large amount of Bidding,
Mattresses, Pillows, Carpets, Ranges, Pictures and
Ornaments, with quite a large assortment of
Crockery and Glassware.
INDIA.N A AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 Market St.. opi). Jone*.
RATLROAD TRAVgt!
S, F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Da- Thereafter,
Leave from a. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot of
Market St., at 8:00 p. m.
OtlfPIA) ) Oil) in ;U.( .in- Berth,
bPcClAlf SHU _ ■ Tourist Sleener.
n ■■*•■»« [ **•■ t\ First-class, including
RATES ) SI 9 Berth, Standard *
" n • *■** VI V Sleeper.
For further Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD GItAY, T. H. GOODMAN, !
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass- Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific system.) ■ '
Train* leave »ml two dm* to nrrlre at
SAN FI(A.\('IK(».
LEAVE — FKOM Septembbr 3, 1896. — Annivi
•6:00 a Niles, San Joao and Way Stations. . . 8:43
" 7:OOa Atlantic Krprew, Ogden and Kast. . 8:-»3p
7:00 a Benlcla, VacaviUe, Rumsoy. Sacra-
.;... , . mento, OroviUo and Redding via
Davis 6:45p
j 7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa. . : 6:lSp
SiSOa Niles, Sau Jobo, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysviila and Red -•■■■',.
Bluff 4:1 !»l>
•B:3oa Peters and Hilton... *7:13p
9:OOa Los Angeles Krpress, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I. os Angeles l:4Bp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1 J :43 a
; O:OOA-VaUeJo.' ..' 6:1 3p
l:00p San Jose and Uvermore...... 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers ««:OOp
t»:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43»
4:OOr Martinez, Sau Ramon. Vallejo, '
Napa, Calistosa, £1 Verano and
'••■>' ■■ Santa Rosa 9:13 a
4ioop Benicia, Vacaville, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights landing. Marys-
viile, Orovlllo and Sacramento . . . . 10:43 a
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livcrmore and
Stockton ." 7:lSr
. 4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yoseraite) and Fresno ..;.. 11i45a
sr#9p New Orleans Kxprcat.Fresno.Bakers-
fleltl, Santa ]!arliara,Los Angeles, , .
Deming, El l'aao, New Orleans and
East : .:. lOil3a
S>oof Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
lor Mojave and Kast 1 0:10 a
3:00p Vallejo 11:43 a
6:OOp European Mall, Og<len and East.... 9:43 a
- O:OOp Hay wards, Niks and Han Jose 7:43 a
J7:ooi- Vallejo ;.. f7«43p
■ 7:OOi- Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, • Portland, Puget
Sound and East. lOi4Ba
SANTA QUIZ DIVISION (Sarroir Uange).
- {7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Kanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations tB:o3p
' B>lBa Newark, C'eiitervillo.San. I ose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations «... stsop
. •2:15p Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New
. Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «11 :80a
4:13 i» Newark. Ban .Teflo and Los Gatos.... »:50a
COAST JH VISION (Third & Toitiiscihl Sts.)
*6:45 a Han Jo.so anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 9:47 a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion Tor - San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JBiBsp
1:13 a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Hanta Cruz,
I'acifio Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Obispo, Gnadalupe aud Prin- '
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
10:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations il:80p
1O:IOa San Jose and Way Stations... 3:00p
1I:R0a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*2:30r San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and *1 o:4*a
*3t»op San .lose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations M:80p
•4:3opBan Josoand Way 5tati0n5......... *8:06\
' 3f3op Sau.Tose and Principal Way Stations »8:48 a
U::50l- San Jose and Way Stations... fl::i3.v
f11;45p San Jose ami Way Stations f7:45p
AN LKAJioKO AND UAHVVAKDS LOCAL.
.' <Mi:MOAI • ■ • ■ - • :• -( ■ 7:1 5a
' 8:0« a ' . - 49:45 a
\V%% k K »lii^Park, \iust
«s£& Fitchbnrg,SanL «idr« \J $£
tZ r A « d VXll
7:OOp 8:4-" ip
. OiOOp t Runs through to Niles. ' lO:3Op
ttu':lsp^> < From Niles. I. tfl2:oop
CREEK route ferry.
rromSAH FSiSCISCO— Fsat of Market Street (Slip 8)—
' *7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:30 t3:00
•*:00 *S:CO *6:00 p.m. " (
From OilUKD— Foot of Broadway.— - *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 12:00 '1:00 - J2:QO . *3:00 ti:00
*5:00r.M. - '
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
:.- ■.;- L '• • t Sundays only. •
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
«buron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WB ?Si DAYS— 7:30, 1 9:00, 11:00 A.M.: 19:11.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra tn»
' at 11:30 p. it Saturdays-Extra trips at l:«l
and 11:30 P. ic '
3 6^JO Y c% 7 P 3 M. 9:8& 11:0 ° A * lC; ISS * 8!8a
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I6, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. K.i
a?i?s5 8 p. 4 2' 8 an I d°6^^ UrdayB - E^«-
-"? »3oL Y e!M £* 9:35> , 11:1 ° *• *•' lj4a 8:4
O'■ U \) , D; _ 5 p. M*
Between San Francisco and Scauetzen Park sam>
schedule as above.
"I Jkeare" TnTfflct I Arrive ~~
■an Francisco. A °rii «T San Franclso*.
Wees i Btjx- T,.«lfn^ la -J Brm- I Wwt"
_ Date I days, "*»»natioa^ PAYa . | DAYiL
•7:30 am 1 7:30 am Novato, 1 10:40 am j 8:40 AW
B:Sopm 0:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 a*
6:10 fm 1 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru\ 6:15 rM
Fulton,
7:80 AX Windsor, 10:10 AW
: ■■ Healdsburg, '
' Geyser yUle,
8:30 pm 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 m
• . '-.... ...",■■ - Pleta, , .■ ■
7:30 am Hopland * 10:10 am
B:3opm 7:30 am TJkiah. .7:80 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am ~~~" ~~- ~ ' 10:10 am
7 30 am Guerneville. '7:80 pm
3:80 pm ; % 6:15 fm
; 7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■I . . and :, ; • .
! 6:10 fm 8:00 pm; Glen Ellen. | 6:05 FM 6:15 PM
7:30 am|7:BO AMI Seba o , >o , 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
'B:3opm|6:oopml eo*«'-°POt- [ 6:o6pm|- 6:15 pm
-■• Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West"
: .Springs; nt Geyservllle for Ska?Rs Springs: at
! Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bay and _alceport; at
I Hopland for I—keport and Bartlett Springs; at
I Vktati for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
lakes. Laurel Bell Lake, Upper Laic », Porno, Pottet
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Back*
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, P.oouevllla,
wreenwood, - Orr's Hot springs. Meadocino City,
iron Bragg, Westport, TJsal, WUlets. Cahto, Oa»
Wo. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
fates,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points s)*>
yond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bniMla*
• H. C. WHITINO. R. X. BY AN,
| Oca. Manager. Gen. Pass. A^eai.
! NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. . (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1893,
L:-^: WEEKDAYS..
For Mill Valley and San • Rafael— »7 l2s, •9:16,
11:30 a. m.: •1:45, 3:45, *5:15, •5:45,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Kaf:v;l on Mondays, I Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 1I;SO r. m. '
■ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Fan H.-xfael— »8:00, •10:00
• •11:30 a. m. : »1:SO, 3:00, *4:KO, 8:15 P. M.
Trains marked • run to san Queutin.
' THROUGH TRAINS. ',
For Point Reye's and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8 :C0 a. m. Sundays, 1 :45 p. m. Satur-
days.  .. ■ ■ , ;~ ■■- ■: ,;-. ■ :•■■.-
-: ior Caz<idero and way stations— 7:2s a. m.' week-
days; 1:45 p. M. Saturdays. . - ,
MOUNT TMALPAIS.
Trains connect ' with. North Pacific
Coast Railroad. v
WEEK:I><VY«S— Leaves. F. 9:15 a. M. 1:45 f m
* Returning— Arrive S. if. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 p m'
SUNDAYS— Leave aP. Ba. M 11:30 A.M. I:3llpm'
! Returning— 1:16 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p m'
Tickets for sale in Mil! Valley or - ■<■.
THOI.COUK * feOXS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount TamiUpala Scenic Rail war.
1112
THE OLYMPIAN FRACAS.
S. F. Hughes and Philip Wand Severely
Rebuked by Judge Campbell for
Their loul Language.
Samuel F. Hughes, druggist, and Philip
Wand, sprinter, both members of the
Olympic Club, appeared in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday. Huehes was charged
by Wand with threats against life and ex
hibiting a deadly weapon.
The trouble occurred early Tuesday
morning in front of Hughes' store on Post
and Powell streets over a setter dog be
longing to Wand. The laneuage used on
theoccasion was unfa for publication.
Wand, when questioned by the Judge,
admitted that he had called Hughes a liar
and that he was not afraid of him. Charles
Moreli, who was present during the
trouble, testified that Wand made a mo
tion to strike Hughes, and it was not till
then that Hughes drew his revolver and
warned Wand to keep away. He did not
think Wand's life was in danger.
The Judge dismissed the case and said
he was a shamed* to think that fellow club
members could descend to use the lan
guage aa testified to. He thought both
Wand and Hughes ought to be ashamed
of themselves.
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
The bank clearances at Seattle for the thirty
sixth week of the year figure up as follows: Clear
ances. $433,623 83; balances, $111,482 37. This
is $68,835 37 less clearances than for the thirty
fifth week, and $76,269 33 less clearances than
for the same week a year ago.
The following statement of the banking busi
ness in the State of Washington up to the close of
business on July 14. 18P6, has been officially re
turned: Total resources, $14,879,382; capital
stock paid in, $4,600,000: surplus- fund, $944,
-990; Individual deposit*, $7,425,126; loans and
discounts, $7,532,395; gold coin In vaults,
$861,089.
The mate Treasurer of Washington has called
f<r warrants Nos. 12,760 to 13,035. inclusive, on
the general fund, the amount being $26,367 37;
and also Nos. 1956 and 1997 on the military fund
for $1053 80. Interest ceased September 11.
Ihe Los Angeles Times says that assets of the
defunct Ci ty Bank having a nominal face value of
$300,000 have been valued at $200, this esti
mate being made in a petition tor privilege to sell.
'Ihe Mlnneloa Town Company, whi<-h has been
incorporated at Pasadena, has a capital stock of
$100 000, divided into 100t) shares of the pur value
of $100 each, ana of this amount $500 has been
actually subscribed.
A laiee number of citizens recently met In con
sultation wii* the Board ot Supervisors of Madera
County to consider the advisability of submi ting
to the voters of the county a proposition to issue
bonds for the erection of a courthouse and jail.
District Attorney Miles \Ya;lace expressed the
opinion that money should be secured from the
school tun : of the state at 4 uer cent, and also said
that he ; nought that under the constitution forty
year bO!ids could be issued. EC. H. Cox thought
that $5i>,000 toulJ be obtained at 6 uer cent. It
was finally resolved by the meeting to request the
Supervisors to issue a proclama ion calling for an
election, at which the proposition to issue bonds in
the sum of $50,000 for the erection of a court
house and jail be submitted to tne people.
The i.oard of trustees of the Washington Flat
school district in Calaveras County have been au
thorized to issue bonds to th amount of $300, to
butid r.nd furnish a schoolhouse in that district.
The voters of Bear Valley District in Mariposa
County have voted to issue bonds to provide a
new schi'oluouse.
The capital 3 ock of the California Beet Sugar
Estate and Laud company has been placed a: $'J,
-500,000, the lncorporators be ng John Farquahar
Gilmore of Lo don. $2,485,000; Wendel Easton,
.San r'raucisco, $25u0: a so George Easton of San [
Francisco, Vincent Neal of San Rafael. Victor G. i
Duboce and Albert 11. Quatman of Sun Francisco |
hold stock to the amount of $2500 each.
James 11. Bacon of the Bank ot salt Lake and
First Bank of Men 11 r has made an offer of sett.e
metit 10 tue creditors of tne bank. He offer?, with
the assistance 01 11. IL. Kea, vice-president of the
Dalton <& 1 ark Gold, Silver and Lead Mining and
Milling Company, to pay all claims against the
bank with Dalton & Lark slock at $1 per share,
less any dividends that may accrue in the mean
time, but with interest at the rate of t> percent, 'Ihe
Dalton it Lark Company Is capitalized for 82,500,
-000, and since its incorooration about eight
months ago has paid dividends to the amount of
*85,U00. They are large silver and lead producers i
i.t Uisgham. A part 01 Mr. Bacon's offer is as fol
lows:
"1 now inclose a proposition from Mr. Rea,
which only needs the acceptance of four-tifths of
my creditors In amount to make it a success, 'l he
stock will be delivered for claims when that
arrouni have accepted. At the present time it Is
Impossible to r;»ise cash. The report of the re- I
ceiverß, as pub ished, shows the 'total possible '
assets' to be worth $58,939 50, which makes, when
prorated among my creators, about 20 cents on
the do. .ar of their claims, from which, of course,
will be deducted the f- ci for receivers, their attor
neys and court and other expenses. An estimate
of these, if the matter is ;o be prolonged fora year,
would probably reduce what the creditors wUI re
ceive throuih the receivers to lo or 15 cents on
the dollar. The stock of the Dalton <& l.ark com
pany sells for 50 cents per share, aud in fairly
good times is worth far in excess of that
pi ice. It you will hold the certificate of 'stock you
«et of Mr. Kea tor two years. 1 will agree on the
back of it to purchase it at $1 per share, aud 10
pay therefor, on or before two years, with 6 per
cent interest, less the amount ot dividends de
clared by the Dalton <fc Lar* Guld, silver and Lead
Mining an. 1 Mi.iing company during such time. If
the storK should not be worth a dollar per share at
the end of two years, 1 will be pa. ing aiy debt to
you and to Mr. Rea bo.h; but I would rather pay
twice, if need be, than to let any one truthfully
h»v 1 had not done my beau This proposition will
b« open untiil September 21, 1896."
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks continue to drag along at unchanged
prices, with very quiet trading.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent In
board and the Bullion assessment in offl:e to-day.
.Tne Mercur Mining Company of Utah, has de
clared a dividend of l~i/ 3 c per share, amounting
to $25,000, payable September 20.
The Swansea Milling Company of Utah paid a
dividend of 5c per snare, amounting to $5000, on
September 15.
The Centennial-Eureka Mining Company of Tin
tic district, Utah, paid a dividend of $ l per share,
amounting to : 000. on September 15.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Kcntuck Consolidated will be held to-day to
authorize the directors to dispose of a large amount
of the capital stock which is in the company's
treasury.
At tue annual meeting of the Mono yesterday
34.828 shares out of 36.640 shares of outstanding
stock were represented. The remaining 13 30°
shares are in he company's treasury. The follow
ing directors were elected : N. Westhelrner, Cbarles
E. Paxton, >. L. AcKerrnan, George C. Hlckox
and A. Herman. N. Weathelmer was elected
president: Charles E. Paxton, vice-president; J.
W. Pew, secretary : Anglo-California Bank, treas
urer; and It. G. Brown, superintendent.
It was resolved at the holders.' meeting to
■ell all the property of the .Mono Mining Company
to the Standard Consolidated Minim: Company
which is to be reorganized with an increase of cap
ital from $10,000,000, in 100,000 3 hares Of SIOO
par vame each, to $20,000,000. in 200.000 shares
of $100 each. Ihe property of the JLoJi.- Con. and
Bulwer Con. mlnlug companies is also, o be deeded
to the standard, and In exchange the companies
thus se.iiiig will receive shares In the following
proportions: Bodie Con., 1 share of new or "of
old; Bulwer Con., 1 fir 3, and Mono, 1 »or 6. All
the stock in the treasuries of the selling companies
is to be wiped out, the basis bein,' on the number
of shares outstanding. ihe new company is to be
managed by one let of officers, and the vast area
• f mining ground is to be developed economically
lor what it is worth. The new socks ock will be listed
at the local boards and also in .New Tone, and oer
li ps in Louoon. *
lii the Crown Point mine the east crosscut on the
(00 level, started last ween, is now out 25 feet the
face beinn in ouartz of low assay value In the
south raise from the 700 level are"opening to the
■.yes; oil tue eleventh floor in quartz assaying from
$7 to $11 i>er ton. Are also engaged in putting •ii
a chute in thej-aiae from the 800 to the 700 level
which is no-> nearly completed.
The join: i onlidence. Challenge Consolidated
and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tuuuel is out 713 feet, 15 feet having
been addeo during the week. The face shows por
phyry. in other parts of tne mine general repairs
iiave been golnc on.
The yield of the Belcher mine for th ■ past week
was sixty-five minim; carloads of ore, of the aver
age car sample assay of $20 05 per ton.
The Segregated BeKher mine yielded twenty
five mining carloads of ore, averaging, per car sam
ple. $17 23 per ton, during the past week.
No ore was extracted from the confidence mine
during ihe past week. The io.ntwork with the
Challenge Con. and Con. Imperial companies, else
where described, was done.
The eld of the Overman mine for the past
week was 12 tons and 112& pounds of ore the
average battery assay of whlcu was $23 10 per
ton. * '
In the Savage mine work was suspended on Sep
tember 11 for the purpose of making some neces
sary repairs to the sallows frame and foundation
and around the collar of the shaft. It will require
about two weeks to complete the work. A: the
time work was suspended there was little chance
in the condition of the mine. The streak of quartz
in the face of the south drift on the 850 level pre
viously reported had become lower in grade. On
the Brunswick lode at shaf; 1 the north drift on
the 300 level is in 51 feet north of the tavern
south Loundary line. The lace is in porphyry and
clay. On the 400 level the station has been com-
Dieted and a north drift started, which is out 8
feet, being run jointly by the Savage and Hale A
Noscro&s companies.
11OAK1I SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
regular MOEXI.NB session, COHMENCtKO 9:30.
100 8e1cher.. .52(100 Knlliou.... 19500 Kentuck..o7
200 B & 8...1.UC1350 Crwn Pt.. 291100 uccldtl 62
100 liodle 63|'20J G&C 6611011 V Jnctli J.'.33
AFTKKSOON SESSION— 2:3O.
300 Alpha... 17 1 60 Conn ...1.35550 Occldtl.. 60
100 Blcber 51,250 C .P0int... 20 200 Ophir. .99
100 A8...1.UU 200 ..... ...... M> 200 Ovrmn.~ 15
100 Benton ...15 50 U AC... .55 300 Scorp!on_o7
160Chllar.. .2.85 100 HAN.. .1.50 300 a Nev. 75
100 CC*V... 1.81 100 Justice... os 100 Uni0n... ..42
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
' BKBCUR SESSION-— 10:30.
200 Alpha.... 500 C Imp ....02 100 Overman. 15
100 Alt*. 07 500 03 300 Potosi 96
200 Andes 31300 OAC. ....542 '0 5ave. ..62%
300 Blchr 52 60 53 300 58AM.....0U
55U 8A8... .1.00 1.52V 2 tOO Ny 77
200 8u11i0n.. .18 50 1.60 100 Union 44
200 Cha11ge...43 600 Kentck....O7 300 .....43
450 Ch0ir.. .2.35 600 Mcx 57 200 . . ..42
200 CCAV.. 1.801300 ............66 400 . 41
50 Court 13/ 8 400Occd 51 20J Utah 08
400 C Polnt_..aO,soD Ophlr 98 200 V JC1CU....32
AFTKRNOOX SESSION— 2:3O. '
100 Aloha 161&0 CCV.... 1.80 300 P0t0?1....98
200 Alta... 07 iOO C Point. ...291300 Say 03
iOO Andes... 31 200 G * C... 55 200 ...64
20U 8e1cner....52 150 HANI.62Va !1200! 1200 ....65
300 8&8....1.1'.0|400 Kentuck..Ho!4oo Scorplon.,o7
100 Bodie. 63 JiM Mxcn 66200 3 Nt 76
SO) 8u11i0n.... 19 100 Mono la 300 Union C...41
100 Bulwer. .'OO Occd.... 61 100 . 42
200 Chains... .43 100 Oohlr 99 600 Utah 09
16) Ch01r2.32Va2600vrmn....10^00 If JaoK*t..32
200 v. 28/ 8l8 l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Sept. 17-4 r. v.
SiiLAsked. Mid. Asked.
Alpha Con* ... 16 17 Jackson 26 40
Alta. 07 08 Julia. . 06 07
Andes. 30 32!Ju5tice.. ....... 05 06
Belcher 61 63 Keniuck. 07 08
Best «fc Belcher 1.00 1.05 Lady Wash.... — 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican 65 66
Bodie 60 65 M0n0.......... 18 20
Bullion 18 19 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bnlwer.  46 —Occidental..... 60 61
Caledonia, 11 12 Ophlr 98 1.00
Chollar 2.35 2.40 Overman. 16 16
Con.CalAVa,..l.BO 1.85 Potosl.'. 98 99
Challenge Con. 41 *44 savage. 64 05
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion 07 1.9
Confidence 1.35 I.4oiseg. Belcher... 06 09
Con New York — 05 syndicate 03 —
Crown Point... 29 30 silver Hill 02 03
EastSlerraNev — 04 Sierra Nevada. 74 76
Eureka Con... 25 — l ion Con 42 43
Exchequer 04 06 Utah 08 09
Cioula .fc Curry. 66 66 Yellow Jaciceu 32 33
Hale — Norcra. 1.60 1.56
COLD . MINING KXCHAXf}'3.
Champion ..... Asked Princess 70
Asked 22 60 Providence.-
Edna Asked .80 00
Asked „ 35 100 Savannah .._ 48
Uranu Thorpe
Bid 10 Asked 75
AsKed .. 25 50 Chollar 236
Kennedy 60 „ 2 40
Eld 6 60 100 Con Virginia... 185
Asked 600 100 Hale A Norcrs. 160
200 Lock wood Con. 27 60 m 155
Princess. lOOOnhlr 97
Bid 66100 ■„ 98
LOCAL. SKCUBITIKS.
Bid Spring Valley Water „ 96 50
Bid San Francisco Gas ..'. 90 75
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept. 17-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONUS.
Bid. Atkea.\ 810. Alked.
US c0nn.. 105 — |US4sreg... — 107%
Do new ]Bsuells — |
VIBCK__KBOTr* novm
Cftl-stCbleSs. 10» 110 Pacßoll MS* _ _
Cal Elec LBs 11 U - Do 2d is 6s. _ _
Cntra C W — 94 P_ORy6i.* — 115
Dpnt-stex-co — 97 P<£Ch Ky6^ — 107 'U,
EdsnL*P6sll9 - Pwl-st RRBi — —
F-CHRR6S. - 103 Beno,W_fcL — 105
Geary-stßss. — 1071/2 Sacto PAL. — 102 1 A
LosAngLtJs. — 100 SFANPRSs. 98 Vi 93"A
[ DoGi3teedßs 95 100 jsPßßArlzds 93 97
Mkt-stCble6sllßS4 _ ! SPRRCaI6s. — 110%
t DoßyCons3.. 8 102%SPRRCal5j. - -
KatVin6sist 96 — ISPBrRCaISi — 99
NevCNgß7s. 96 — SVWater6s.. 116S / i117%
NPCRR64. - 106 BVWaterAs, 97 —
NRyCal6s. 99% - 6tktnGAE6» — 102%
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunstTATtts. — -
Oak Gas 55. . 10 0 - Sutier-stKsa. 107% 110
lw>2d la 05..100%101 VisallaWCdi - —
Omnibus 117 —
V ATHK STOCK*.
Contra Costa 82% 40 |S»nJov» — _
Marines... 50 63 |ssprng Valley Pb% 97%
■ € AS STOCKS.
Capital....... 17% 30 Pacific Lleht 48 —
Central- 95 — San Frauc«co 9i»4 62
OittGLiH 51% 58 EtOCkton..... - xo
Pac Uasixup. 83 —
iXSUKANOe RTOCKI.
Flreman'sFdls7% — |Sun 25 50
COUMKtU .AT, BANK STI>"ICI
Amerß4T(i — — |LoudonP<tA.l24% —
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London&ai?. _ 27% 1
Bank of Cal.. 225 235 iMerch Ex... 13 —
Cal S D<tTCOIO7V>IIO i Nevada — —
Firsts — lbO Sather BCo. - —
MVINfl* BAXK STOCK*.
OerSAtiCo.l2oo 1260 Sav&Loia.. — 100
Hnmhf*<tL.lloo 1450 Security 200 276
MutuaL — 40 Union Trust. 76o —
Bi'Kav Union — 480
STRKKT H4lJ,Romi , T^-^i
California.... — 106% Oak SLAHar — 100
Geary-st. — 80 Presidio 8 —
Market-st 42 42%Sutter-st - —
POVS . STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — .Giant coa I«V4 —
Eastern D... 70 — iJudson D..^ — —
California.... 70 — Ivigortt — 90c
U IRCEt,IiA»KntIS STOCK*.
Alaska piers. 95% 9» NatVlnCo.. — _
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic — SO
Cal Co: Mills — — PacAnxPA 1 -
Edison Lightll7%llß% PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Ga«C'on Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. SO 100 Part Pal ntCo 6% 7%
HawC&SCo_ 13% 1* PacTr.nsCo. — 24
autchSPCo 19% 20 PacT&TCo. 70 —
MerExAssD.loo 110 Sunset T&T. 41 —
11 Klec Light — 4%. United O Co. — 25
BALKS — MOR.N. ■. » - IMII ||
Street—
$5000 Slarket-st Ry Con 1% Bond* 102 00
60 a V Water b7 00
KALBt- ArTBKXOOS aBSStOJT.
Board —
f 1000 California-st Cable Bonds.. 109 60
b6SF(;aslight 91 60
10 do do 91 76
68 SV Water 97 00
10 do do 97 12%
Street—
20 Edison Lieht<& Power Co 117 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial IS 62%
$1000 N P C X R Bonds : 106 00
25 Pacific Lighting 48 00
$2000 S V i% Bonds 97 50
$6000 Sutter-st Railway Bonds 108 25
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Copper, Shasta B X Smith, Dutch Flat
J E Cook, Denver S Hmith, Aub'irn
DTabor, Denver Miss Hauley, Chicago
T Huniey, Chirago (; shf-pherd Lathrop
J R Hilboin, .-aiinas X Gei7., i ir<-gon
J Coo«, Oakland J U Bradley, Merced
J LustiK. 1 ulare G ("ran ford, salem
J E Green. New York P J O'Dca. Eureka,
T E Fowler. Visalia J Mayn rd Springfield
L Wailwor h, Los \ng Mrs C BVmoa. Astoria
F Gilmoi-e, Ontario Miss H Allison. Sonora
Miss II i_ioUKh, Cai J J Redman, Eureka
Mrs J C Jordan, Sacto A Newcastle
W J Peterson, rjac.o A Mac Donald. >ia Rosa
S Sumninrii-id. Xi no W S Wallace, Boston
G F Green, Oroville Q W Maxwell, Cal
P P Black, San Jose R G Hart. Redding
J G Smith. Greenwood A T Mead, sta Barbara
G McDouithall, Toronto It Robinson, Plymouth
A J Howard, Los Ang H Richanlsoti. Mt View
T I) l'i;oh. Kuif-kn J A Gill, Sacramento
H H Estee, Princeton W M Cutter, Marvsville
JH Keese, Rutherford
LICK HOUSE.
W McKinley, Nevada J Kicbards, Placerviile
R Mathews. Chicago T H Gannarce, Stocnton
E \V adman, Cal L F Marks, Sao Jose
O F Prey, >onora Mrs H Clar>-. Stockton
Miss Merr 11, Alubamu Miss B Merrill, Alabama
N T Spink, Provld-nce R Wilholt, Stoc'iton
CH Jordan. Pasadena Mrs J Maxwell, Davisvil
D Heirachfelu.Bakirsfld A J Woody, Los Angeles
w L Hensiey, sacto J O Carlisle, Orovlile
G Chriseman, Ventura L Apj, legate. Merced
W M Maxwell, N V ( Harris. Merced
C Penman, Red Bluff j Lew, Pescwtero
J Mc.Narnee, I'escadero J l'.-ely. H^d Ulnff
J D Culp, San F. lipe A Rlchurds A fam, Cal
P E J.'ewet t. Sacto L H Hill <fe w, Mass
G W Bullari, Stockton APE .Mil.s <te f, Chlcngo
D Winder&w.Santaftos F Mannon, Nevada City
G H Waruer&w.Amulla C Koakiords, honora
W L sboit. Stockton P Currant, Chicago
MrsJ sawyer & d. cal
NEW WEBTEKN HOTEL.
R F Runyon, N V J Joyce, Jacksonville
D Moody, sonora J Lynch, Auburn
J .v iller, Santa Maria M (Besses, Jose
W Car.v>n, Buffalo J bowles, Folsom
J T Porter, Lmrol^e 'i' D Ravage, Portland
E Botte, Belgium - i.athaiu. ■ acramento
>i i ar.er. Kern city F B Clyma, occidental
J Williams, l.os Angeles X Jones, Los Angeles
P Field. Los Angeles <J I'rocior, Nan Jose
Ii Lindo, ban Jose C Philips, Laun.on
)l X Katon, l.iiii!i on J Lvod. ..ill Valley
J Lathrum & w, Buffalo E Aldrich, Tacoma
A Ward A w, Vancouvr SOarQiierA w, Vancuvr
J Bowles, Folsoin F Louis, Vindemer
P Kelliker, Vliitiemer W Sinicleton. Vindemer
G bchnlder&f, Vallejo Miss Dwight, Portland
PALACE HOTKIj,
G E Griswold. Chicago J J Doyle, San Mateo
Mrs J C Irwin, Portland Miss U Herbert, N V
v A Henderson, Venice W A >oraer-et, Kngland
M X Kngel, N V B i»ean <fe w, N V
k T Miuer, Bodie >1 M Tavlor. CSS
s \v Parker, S V a w More, sant* Hosa
Miss Dew, Ma Barbara T J Field, Monte. ey
J \V Allen, Poniaud J S Williams, Paris
S McAiurtrie, lximpoc W J Dwjrex &w, La
J W Sexton <fe w, Cal M Bauer. Chico
X W Runy«u .v w, Cal H X Vreeiand <t w, N V
J A Fer usondfc w, NY J Green, Portland
D I'» Mornsson. Portland J B Hughes. N V
O D Mnmiord, N V W M Peck, Riverside
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
R D Weeks, Albuquerque M 8 Weeks, S Margarita
C \V Jones, Hyde .Mrs C Keeie. >onora
J No. an, Antiocii j Joyce. i urlock
J Meehau, Los Angeles Mrs il Davis, Los Ang
J Ki.ey <fc wf, Portlan I G Bnckner, blsk'.you
W J Dealer. -Mariera Miss M De ter, Madera
Miss L Deater. Mudera T Kiiud.son, Denver
W B Westlake, -tockton A Black, Suisuu
A Kaufman, Berkeley M Costell >, Nw Almaden
J fecbae ffer, Sacramento Ci A Muller, Sacramento
J Jarnick, 8t Paul a McLaughlin. ldnho
J Naffzinger, Merced S Murron. >:tcramento
Miss J - lsen, Stockton R Jone.-, Omaha
P J HDyaer, r resno
BALDWIN HOTKL.
J M Brower, San Jose J H Roberts, Sacto
H F Pollak, Alameda F L How, San Jose
A V Pearson. NY J H Hole, Cal
Mrs Bde Rinz, Valiejo J H Donnelly <fe w.Valllo
Q Shirley, Vuiiejo L Remington, Chicago
F H Pntee. Baltimore X Benjamin, Vallejo
J Do«de;j. St elena \V G M«rsh;.m. Los Ane
Mrs HBTurner.staKosa Miss II Mci:lure,=taKosa
G C Manley, Llvermure C Johnson. N V
H A Miller, st Louis G C Willis, Ht Louis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
VERB A BUENA LOUGE OF '^
&-& Perfection No. Regular meeting jCT
: THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, September A
18, at 8 o'clock. D. 9. JC&,
, , GEO. J. HOBK, Secretary. SssSg
Hi^S* DISTRICT NO. 67. I. O. O. F., .^mw/s
QMS' will hold a district meeting :g^*~gj^:
■ 'I ('-NIGHT under the auspices of -=^SBSSS
; • Ophir Lodge No. 171. Visiting 'V/l\\^~-
' brothers are cordially invited.
A. WOI— _ N, N. G.
I 'D. Pkabodt. Bee. Sec.
(Jt^s= REGULAR MEETING OF v XT
' i*^^ the Caledonian Club THIS &IJ7
• EVENING at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall. >}J\XSj
111 Larkin st. D. R. McNEILL, Chief. '""jO*
; James H. Duncan, Secretary.
1 SPECIAL NOTICES.
: B^^^PRo^rl^rvS^BLA^rE^B^n^GruS-
; !£<& alum. 334 O'Farrell st.
R^» DR7"h. I. TONES, OCULIST AND
l» : - aurist, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 o 1.
KS> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
•V- 6^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
: Collection Co., 415 jlontcry St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
H_3y=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
; m*& Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
: B^sp GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
: l~*' cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
; ■ SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
ff——* . DR. T. F. BKENNAN REMOVED TO
■r-^ Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
»^3^» DR.G. E. Si SSDORFF HAS REMOVED
; m*& his Places to 22V 8 Gearv su, rooms 1 and 2.
I DIVIDEND NOTICES.
. DIVIDEND ' "NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
i st^fi * 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
; Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
; a*, the office of the company, 327 Market street,
1 on and after Monday, September 21, 1896.
; Transfer- books will close Tuesday, September 15,
1896. at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
1 «^—^ _ t - m
/COMPETENT FRENCH GIRL DESIRES BIT-
-1 v uatton as waitress or nurse and seamstress;
1 best reference. Miss CULLEN, 323 Suiter at.
, T ADIES RtQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
, XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be &up-
-1 plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
, CROSETT A CO., 816 Sutter St.
1 / -OMPETENT WOMAN DEsIRES PLACE TO
I "do light housework; is good ■ plain cook; a
I home more an object than high wanes: references
1 given; city or country. Call 912 Howard st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHED A SJTUA-
\J tion to do general housework in the country;
' wages moderate, reuse call or address 1683 Fol-
som su, near Twelfth.
POOR WOMAN WOULD BE GLAD TO HIVE
X services cooking, cleaning, etc., In exchange
for treatment by good healing power. Address
R. R , box 72, Call.
. OOOKKEEPER, CASHIER, GENERAL OF-
«} flee work young lady 7 years' experience;
quick, accurate; best references. Address H. C,
IH.-6 Grove st.
IRON G YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO
general housework in city: good home main
: desi no objection to children. Address A. D.,
box 43, this ofiice.
, p ERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE A PLACE
; VI to help in kitchen in restaurant and sleep at
j home; wages moderate. Address W. ( box 14, Call.
p OOD RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES sITUA-
VT tion as cook and assist with housework In a
I small family. 1616 Buchanan st. . \ - :
Scotch WOMAN want- situation . CITY
0 or country; good j ook and laundress, or house-
I work: references. Call 558 Minna, nr. Seventh.
"V OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as chambermaid i 1 small lodging-house. Ad-
dress 17 Third at., room 22. •
li ANTED— BY EXPERIENCED WOMAN,
situation to do light housework. Call 413
Powell sU
]y[EAT, COMPETENT WOMAN, IS GOOD
XI cook and laundress, wishes situation with
American family; city or country, good city refer-
enses. Please call 29" Eddy st.
C" COMPETENT, MIDDLE-AGED, AMERICAN
V^ cook, lately from the East, wants situation in
nice faml y; city or country; is good laundress;
wages, .$lO to $12. Call or address 1-J9 Third st ,
room 7.
1 WEUISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY '
0 the day. washing, Ironing and cleaning. 7 |
Clementina st.
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WIaUES. SITUA-
Iion to do general housework; good cook and
laundress; first-class references. 361 Jessie st.
VOl'.\VK(iiA.\ GIRL WlsTTes SITUATION I
— ' to do housework: upstairs work preferred.
H., 3 Redwood court, near Howard and -lxteenth.
YY OMAN WISHED TO GO OUT BY 1 Hi. DAY
• » washing or bousecleaning. 829 Hayes st.,
near Fillmore, in me bas menu
EFINKD EDUCATED LADY WOULD LIKE
XL employment of some kind that would enable
her to support herself and child; the best of ref-
erences. A. *' box t>9. CaU Office.
C^ itiL of IT, Just from GERMANY
T wishes position lor light housework. Address
1150 Folsom »L
j yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN bMALL
• X family: good home: $10. Call at MR*. MUR-
j PHY, rotm 'M, Tweti y-fourthand Mission sis.
pEFINET) WILOW WOULD LIK-. POSI-
I Xt tion as working housekeeper In lodging house
i or widower's lamiiy. Room 13, 1 Fifth si-
WORKING HOUBKKKKPER (WITH NO IX-
»T cumbrance) wants situation In widower's fam-
ily; willing to do sewing: fond of children; good
references: country preferred. Address House-
keeper, 127 Turk su
j ■MEAT RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES a
I J.i position as working housekeeper in a widow-
I er's family: good cook; fond • f children; city or
1 country. all oraddrass 31 Sanchez at.: Casiro-st.
j car; telephone Mission 208.
EFlnelj PROTESTANT GIRL DESIRES
! XV position as ady's maid or companion govern-
; ess: can give lessons, vocal or piano. 1052 Folsom.
Vi ' ANTED—BY YOUNG GIRL SITUATION
»» for genera: housework; wages $15 to $17 per
month. Apply 369 Minna st.
yOUNG WuM.,N~W.\NTs WOi.K BY THE
X day; washing, Ironing and general housework.
Call or address 732 Union st.
Kj-.-PECTABLi-. GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD
cook, wisiu-s posit on as gene.-al housekeeper
and manager; thoroughly cotr>p-tent; nurse also;
business capacities. Address 741 Minna ni.
ELI ABLE WOMAN "w ANTs ATI ON
Xl/ to do sewing and take care of children. Call
I or addrevs 938 Pacific s:.. corner of .Mason.
J T3EKINED GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
Xt companion or take care of grown children. 163
Ninth st.
GKRMAN LADY WISHES ANY KIND OF
sewing ana mending. MRS. PLIEs, 148 Sixth
St.. room 11.
RKSSMAKER: $125 PER DAYANDCAR-
fare; good fitter. 112 Taylor.
p ERMAN GIRL DIRECT FROM GERMANY
VJT wants situation 000 general housework. Call
or address 18 W How aye., off Larkin si., bet,
Eddy and Ellis.
1 ADY si EN GRAPHER (PITMAN SYS-
Xj tern) possessing typewriter desires position or
desk room in lawyer's office. Address S. a., box
It, Cult c/llice,
SITUATION BY KXPERIENC-D COOK FOR
O men on ranch, mining, sawmill or logging
camp; understands her business. Address C.
! 1121 Howard st. t
YOUNG LADY, HIGHLY EDUCATED. RE-
; X cenily from Spain, speaKs 3 languages, desires
I a housekeeper's (.ositlon Room 1, 105 stocxton.
A' OUNG LA D RECENTLY FROM THE EAST
1 desires a position as typewriter. Room 14, 995
Market st.
KFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE
any kind of sewing. Call afternoon, 144 Fifth
! su, room 17, second floor.
'OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X h.usewor.: and plain cookinz. Apply at 31
Twenty-eighth st., bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
' 1 1 RAIN D NURSE WISHES TO TR.VEL
X East with patient; remuneration, traveling ex-
penses. Address li. L., 1203 Castro st . Oakland.
YV INCIj.Ed •: KR HolibK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 5U per night:
$1 60 to 8-6 per week; convenient and respectable;
U*e bus and baggage to and from the lerry.
\ r ouN>,. RK FINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
x widow Ues res position as keeper. Please
call at 917 Market sU, room 19, second floor.
\\ ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
"or companion, or born combined, by a thor-
oughly capable and acco_p:ishei young widow
. references exchanged. Address MRS. G C
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh sU, New York
I '
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
CH. HAN. SEN *('<>., TuTgk XSTstTTfur^
. nishes on short notice al kinds of hotel and
restaurant help: telephone Grant 185.
E| R. HAN.SEN A CO.. 110 GEARY ST., FUR-
. nlsn on short notice men for all kinds of farm,
dairy, orchard a " d vineyard work, mecnauic. and
skilled and unskilled labor of all kinds. Telephone
Grant 185.
UNTKR A CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.CYOUNO, mgr
SAM K EE-CH INESE AND JAPANESE EM-
-0 plorment office. 511 Vfr Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
pHlAKoii AM) JA. ..Ni..-i-. Rj-.LIABL.-:
Vyhclp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay
/ >UINKSK AN.J JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J ofhee: liel». 4 . , y, 1 anell. t.-l. v . 424
.7 AI'A.VESK AND CHINESE I'-MPLOYMtNT;
** best help. _ 314b Gutter st. : tel. Grant 30.
ROUGH. COMPETENT WINEMXKER
x and vlneyardlst open for engagement: highest
references for making fine wines ana for personal
qualities, address *^41 King sU, bet. Third and
tourth, San Francisco.
T\\O HOTEL PROPRIETOR!!. AND OWNERS—
- X A first-class paperhanger and painter wants a
steady job In city or country; has full experience
for trade, as well as cood character; small wages
Address H. H.. box 46, • all. , *
V OUNI, MAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK FOR
— board while attending school In Oakland. Ad-
dress E. E.. 1683 Fourth aye., Oakland.
YOUSO BUTCHER WISHES SITUATION
1 X city or country. Address S. M.. box 43. Call.
■
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continned.
W^^^TTinS^BYTJTETDT^LAirpTSsTTIoirA^
porter or choreman In store," wholesale, or fac-
tory: any kind of day work; wages $8 per week.
J. P., box 50. Call office. __.
RCHARDIST. FAIRLf POSTED ON FRUlT-
raising. pruning, cultivating and irrigating,
wishes position: or pruning by contract. Address
8., box 89, Call Office.
YOUNG man, SPEAKS german, SPANISH
X and English, desires good position; comruer-
cial preferred. Address Y. D., box 117, Call Office.
'JAPANESE boy WANTS SITUATION to do
O waiting or housework In family. Address 8.
SHIN a, 70& Geary sU ' . ■ ' ■
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
man. a position of some trust; is sober and
reliable; first-class references: security furnished
if required; is a good fireman and can run an en-
gine. Address R. C. G., box 60. Call Office.
EDITOR AND WRITER, AN 1836 KEN-
tucky Republican, now in Utah, wants position
on the coast: married; experienced: with good
references. JOiCL SHOMAKER, P. O. box 1656,
.-alt Lake City, Utah. ."■ :- ■ -"■■' .v !
vi an with good references wants
-•'I to cook for few men on ranch, or will take
charge of gentleman's property while ab-ent ; small
wages. Apply Cook, box 115, Call Office.
BA RTENDER — A TEMPERATE YOUNG
X) man wants position as bartender: has fair ex-
perience; good reference. Address B. T., box 88,
Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
Swede as coachman and gardener; first-class
milker: handy with tools: can also run gasoline
engine. Address M. 8., box 87, Call Office.
9" PRACTICAL HOUSE-PAINTERS AND
— ■ paper-hangers, with tools, want work by the
day or piecework for private parties; city or coun-
try. Painters, 272% Clementina St., rear.
GIRADUATSDAND EXPERIENCED PHAR-
■ macist seeks position: relief work only : best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs,
box 108, Call Office.
V OUNG MAN, . 19, GOOD HORSEMAN,
X handy with tools, wishes employment; good
references. Please address 6., box 86, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE MAN
O as porter in wholesale or commission-house.
Address P. 8., box 117, Call Office.
P" - 1 T lON AS SURVEYOR. ASSAYKR AND
bookkeeper for a mining company in Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address Surveyor, box
26. Call nfflce.
ITo -VI lON AN i ED r OR A FIRST-CLASS
O carpenter as carpenteror something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
\\' INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, near
tt Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggatreioand from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V_' engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dreiw Engineer, 1189 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
HESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free 'mis nnri haecage to anil from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OtJSEWORK GIRL. ROSS^VALLEY, $25;
Burllngame, $25; San Mateo, $25; Sacra-
mento. $20, and other towns; 20 housework
girls, city, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, MIDDLE-
»' aged, $12, Llvermore. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
" LEN, 323 Sutter st. - . ■
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT WORK, $12.
1> MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st.
REFINED NURSE. CHILD 4 YEARS OLD,
XV country, $15. MISS CULLKN. 323 S-ntter st.
p ERMAN, WORKING HOUSKKEEPER, $20, j
VJ see party here. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutler.
/■OLORED COOK, BERKELEY, $25. MISS
V- CULLEN, 323 Sutter. [
YY' ANTED— LAUNDRESS FOR COUNTRY,
' f $35; second girl for the country, $20; Danish
cook for country, $25,3 in f.Hmilv; girl tor house-
wort, 4 In family, $ao: German girl for house*
work, $15; cook for boarding-house, country, $25; !
young girls for bouseworTc. $12, $15. CR. HAN- I
SEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
CI HOTEL. $30; 2 HOTEL WAlT-
resses, $20: Protestant laundress, private fam-
ily. $25: Protestant girl for cooking and house-
work across the bay, $25, see lady here at 12 to-
day; colored girl for housework, $25: cook, Ger-
man style: French second girl, $20, and others.
J. F. CKQSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter *
-yC CURLS FOR FACTORY WORK; WAIT-
— v ress, plain hotel. $15: pantry-girl, country .
hotel. $15: ranch cook, $18. -VURRAY A !
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and I
636 c lav st.
WOMAN COOK. $8 AWKtK. SMALL RES-
"» taurant; waitress, country, »15 . and room;
waitress, city, $20 and room; girl to wash dishes: ■
girl for Alameda, $20; girl for Berkeley, $*0; girl !
for Los Gatos, $18, fare paid; girl for Lou st., $4 ;
a week; girl for Palo Alto: 2 girls for Alameda
County: girl for No vat o, Cal.: girl for SteinersU,
$20: girl for * entervllle, <al.; German girl for
Turk »t.. $16; 12 houseglrls, $15: 9 housegirls,
$20: 11 young girls. $8, $10 and $12 per month,
to assist, etc., ■In nice families. MARTIN'S, 749
Market s'.
O HOUSEGIRLS. $30, $25 AND $20; GER-
O man upstairs girl, $15: housegirl. light wor^,
$15: Cbßmbermai I, $16. Apply MR"*. NORTON, 1
315 Miner at.
WAffESS; CITY; $6 A WEEK. HOTEL
T T GAZETTK, 420 Kearny »■-
■VTEAT OBLIGING girl for GENERAL
-i-' housework; wages $12 to $15: only a reliable
person nee.l app!/. Call after 10 a. m. at 136 Cum-
berland st., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth, near
Dolores.
YOOSG GIRL WANT I- D TO ASSIST IN
X housework, for country ; wages $10 to $12. In-
quire at 12U2 Buchanan
C EVERAL YOUNG LADIES for THEATER
O and dance ball in the country. Address IDA
COLLINS, bonora, Cal.
WANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSE- I
»' WOK! wages small; good home. Apply 2634 i
Howard st.
IRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSEWORK-
references required. Call 1325 Webster si., 9
to 12.
WEDISH GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; no cooking. 2134 O'Farrell, 9to 10:30
a. it.
YY' ANTED— WOMAN, 2 DAYS. FOR MEND-
"" Ing. Apply early .906 Lacuna, nr. California.
GI For. HOUSEWORK; FAMILY OF 3.
80 Waller St., near Market^
APPRE N TICKS" FOR DRESSMAKING; NO
JA. others need apply ; bet. 3 and 4. 636 Sntter.
IRLSTo WRAP CHKWIKii GUM; EARLY
to-day. N E WTON BROS. CO.. 139 First st.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
*' Apply be . 9 and 12 o'clock. 1111 Scot; st.
\\T ANTED— GIitL TO ASSIST AT HOUSE-
" work: wages $30 Apply 17-0 Howard st.
W AITKESS WANTED. APPLY AT 605
TT Stanyan street
\A' ANTE — A COMPETENT. LAUNDRKSS.
*» Call at 317 Larkin st.
GIRL. FOR HOUSEWORK: PLAIN COOKING;
wages $.0; call eariy. 721 Mils st. J
"y-OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST HOUi-EWORK |
X and children; sleep home. 3360 Eighteen b
GIRL FOR GKNERAL HOUSEWORK"; '
small family; call bet. 9 and 12. 1431 Geary.
STR< )NG YOUNG WOMAN, HOUSEWORK
and mind child, $12: si ep home. 223 Sixth.
A DIES WANIING LIGHT PROFITABLE
work call 210 Hyde st.
"Y"oung~~g 1 h FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; German or Swedish; $10 to (12. 603
Geary su ■
N"OPPORTUNITT~FOR GOOD WOMAN TO
xi. learn our business: rapid promotion. Address
R. N.. box 109, tills office.
GIRL UNDER 25: LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $«
per month; lln family. EDW., box 15, Call.
GIRL \VANIED TO ASSIST, WITH HOUSE-
work. Apply bet. 9 and 12 at 2114 Green su
p IRLS FOR FA W ORK AND TRIMMING
VJ on cors ts. 1388 Mark st.
"VTEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
ll McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar- !
ket su
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given Mis- DOYLE. 212 Powell st., 105 9th.
All'.HßESslNli. 25" AND Ssc; MOKNIXIi
«nd eve classes; lUles«ons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
li" 1 L YNN'S DRESS-CUTTING (SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
-TX Winchester House, 44 Third •'.., near Market;
1.00 rooma; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $4
r»r "■- >.-■ -r"" 'bus mi ■' 1 ag?a"»- n;in I fmm te'rrr.
MALE HELP WANTED.
W A^rE^^v^^l^?E~M7NE7iSrss2~PEß 1
" month, steaiy jib. mine well ventilated; j
baKer for country shop, $26 per month and found,
fare paid; two farmhands for nice ranch near city,
$20 and found, steady place: 20 men to pick
grape*, first-class place. $20 per month and found;
10 more men to pick grupes at 90c per ton: also
farmers, milkers, butter-makers, cooks, waiters
and dlshwasherj, at W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay.
Q FARMERS SAME RANCH, NEAR CITY, j
O $20: 2 farmers for an orchard, $20 and found : |
6 Scandinavian! or G.rma .1 farmer* for a fruit !
ranch, $20 and lound. C. R. HANSF.N A CO
110 Geary st.
WAITERS WITH DRESS SUITS, COUNTRY
hotel, $30-, . cook lor private boarding-house.
$50; cook, country hotel, $35. C R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary st-
= 350 —
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisins, work-in wine cellars, pack-
iug-houaes, etc., $20 to $23 per month and . found ;
this job is for a large banKln £ syndicate: 3 months'
job; call at once: fares and fees reduced. ' MUR-
RAY' A READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and t.oti Clay st.
■WAITER AND PANTRYMAN,' $25: 2
'» waiters. $25; ft drillers Xl 50 per day : 5 hum- j
nier.-meii, .$] 50 per day;. 4 horse teamsters, *20;
2 farmers. $20: 3 -farmers. .* 15; farmer, $13 50;
man to milk and do chores, $15; choreman far
vineyard, $15: men or bov-s to team and do farm
work. $13 50: 20 tie-makers. MURRAY A
It r. ADY, reading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st .-
HELP WANTED— Continued.
a^tep^butcbTer for partner" in
"" country, good chance; barnessmaker, sB week
and room; bread-baker. $30. and others. Apply
to J. F. CROsE . T A CO., 628 Sacramento st
W ANIED— TEAMSJtRS. $1 50 DAY: 10
TT farmers, $15 and $20; young man for private
family, $20: neat young waiter. $20: cooks and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628
Sacramen to st. .' . ' . .. ' .
ANTED-WAITER FOR A FIR^T-CLASS
hotel, short distance in country, $30; waiter,
city, $4*l; bedmaker, small lodging-house, French,
$16 and found; etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
COOK, $8 WEEK; YOUNG MAN TO WASH
dishes, etc.. $10 aud room: young man to
learn upholstering; pastry cook, $45, etc.; young
man to paint some; man for private place; 2 shoe-
makers; boy to learn sign-painting. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. : ' ' ■'. .
IV ANTED —A MAN OF INTELLIGENCE
'* who is willing to work for $15 per month and
board:, must b>- obliging and good disposition; pre-
fer a man advanced in yeius: no bodily labor re-
quired to be done. For interview address, giving
references for honesty, sobriety, etc., ate occu-
pation or previous employment, O. D., box 136,
Call Office. ■ . - ■
ANTED— COMPETENT COUPLE TO
work at small sanitarium in country: man to
attend cows, hordes and general work: woman
must be good cook and laundress: references;
Germans' preferred: small wages: steady home.
Address Resort, Call Oflloe, Oakland.
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY, $30: COOK FOR
O small cay restaurant, $40. Hotel Gazette,
420 Kearny st. ■
ANTED— GOOD VARNISHER AND TWO
»» eood strong boys. Seventeenth and Wiscon-
sin sts., Potrero Furniture Company.
\\T ANTED — ELECTROPLATER OR PLAT-
TT er's helper. Apply S. F. Novelty and Plating
Works. 68, 70, 72 F.rst st. x
OOD BARBER WANTED TO TAKE
r charge of a 1 -chair shop; only $5 a month;
rent required. For particulars Inquire at Call office.
BARBER WAN 1 ED. 36 EDDY ST. CALL
after 10. . .:.:-•
"DA RBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
XJ 241 Third st.
bARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
i-> 2140 Mission st.
p OOP BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUN-
KX day. 132 Pacific sU_
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS BHOEMAKER7
TT immediately, at 1320 Park su, Alamtda.
IX STRONG LABORERS, $1 75 PERDAY.
921 Broadway, room 10, Oakland.
TRONG BOY WANTED TO" POLISH
stoves. Cal.fornla and Drumm sts.
O-CHAIR BARBEK-SH >P FOR SALE AT A
— bargain. , 1039 Folsom st.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less thin 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens or
the United .States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrui ing Office, 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco.* CaL
/"COMPETENT MAN, CAPABLE OF MANAG-
/ing large business: well recommended and have
$1000 cash. MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
STEADY RELIABLE il AN AS PARTNER IN
0 butchery to deliver orders and collect; $75
required. 632 Market St., room 8.
W ANTED — SALKSMAN CIGAR AND TO-
T T hacco line for grocery trade, to speak German.
Address, with references, box G. 14, Call Office.
ETAIL WALL-PAPER SALESMAN WHO
understands the business thoroughly. W. W..
box 20. call. '
EXPERIENCED CUTTER ON CORSETS.
1388 Market st. -
O TRAVELING SALESMEN TO SELL CAR.
— riage hardware. Address P., box 43, Call Office.
JEWKLERS WANTED. S2B BUSH ST.,
O room 4.
G"1 OO I>, OLP-ESTA BLISH KB DOWNTOWN
r restaurant for sale. 706 H ward st.
JOURNEYMEN BARBER EMPLOYMENT
0 secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
BARBh-RS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AUBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
1 > P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
iJARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
1 J rent, Including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
STEAKS, CHOPS, ETC.; 6 DISHES FOR 5
0 cents. 635 Clay sU. Big Yellow Front.
ANTr.D— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Idea»; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. \\ ashincton. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\ T KW WALDO HOUSE, 785 MISSION BET.
J-i 3d and 4th— Single tarnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 50;readlng-room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
Vy AM'KD- MEN TO Li.ARN BARBER
. tt trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue aenu S. F. Barber School. 1 15 Howard.
VUAIMTEP— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
TT $1 ween, 25c nighu 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
Vfi-.N'S HALF-SOLING, 50&: LADIES, 40a:
•ITX done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's.S.F-
-OOM.-S 16c 'in 76c PER NIGHT; 600 TO »1 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm si.
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
/ shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 969
Howard st.
ANTE —600 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
'» boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
"I ARGKST STOCK OF SECONDHAND SHOES
Xj on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 7261/ a Howard st., beu Third and Fourth
\\T INCHESTER 44TH1RDST..NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and lrom the ferry.
rTRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: *26c a night: $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUsK, SIXTH AND HOWARD
-1 ' sts.; single inrnlshed run week. 150 nigh:.
S.— REIuOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. C:ay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 5c
"111/) MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100,15 c
XV v and 20c a night, Including toil 00 ana roll. ;
624 Washington %v. near Kearny.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms; 250 per nigh:; $1 to $3 per ween.
BEST IN CITY--SING > E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND '
25 c*nts per night. $1. $1 25. $1 50 per wee_
Pacific House, Commercial and LglCesdortf sts.
' ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
r-»ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a we**;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay at.
y, _ N IO Fb.EU M AJN_A'ri-_i.\ sIUC— .FOOD:
-»1 all grocers keen iv
YY" ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'' ersAclerits. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sntter
V\rE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE "EPAIR
TT shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nlur-.t while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c: men's
soling, 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of «hoes, been damaged by water, at
less than r-ne-fourt:i their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. 562 Minion st.. he:. First at. and second St.
AGENTS WANTED. ~
ENTL-M'aN-Y SOLICITORS FuR FlRST-
class port is. Baxter Portrait Company, 432
butter st.
Air ANTED— AGENT TO SELL THE ANCHOR
TT electric belt; bes: in mar:<ot; big inducement
for live inn-lit to sell in every town and 1 ity on the
coast, send for circular, inclose stamp, S. C
NEWRERn, room 7 1032 Market St., S. F.
AGENTS FOR BBrD'» \V ATKK-FiLTERS:
they fit any fatiC't, are durable, cheap and sell
on sight; $150 will start you. 719 Market, near
Third.
YV ANTEP-AGENT IN EVERY TOWN; SAL-
*' ary, no peddling. P. O. box 110, Oakland, CaL
ACTIVE, ENKRGETIC MEN AND WuMEX
to earn from $3 to $5 a day. Rear office, 630
Market st. ' . - .
/UNVASSKRS WITH BRAINS ANP ABIU
\.' Ity: 11 to 12. H. CLARK. 625 Mission st.
AGENTS - '-PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-ln-
chlef of the United States army, and the gr^ateu
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
tne century: apply at once for choice of terr tory,"
F. PERSON. Manager Subscription Department.
THE WHITAKER A RAY CO., 723 Market st.
\ v\'EtK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TIxH
-:\ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
PARTNERS WANTED, ~~~~
ANTED, A^^P^ITrN^R^IFn^MJLASS
TT res:aurant; fashionable seaside health reson;
must be experienced; this is more essential than
capital. Write A., box 60. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
\\T ANTED — SMALL IMF^rTTveD FARM
t T within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 615
Safe Deposit building, S. F. -
. IV ANTED-CHEAP FOR CASH, SMALL IM-
IT proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call ( >lhce. ' ■
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
OLD GOLD A.xnsLVEK BOUGHT- JEWEI/-
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133^ V lssion.
CELL TOt ft KOoKs, CLOTHING AND J KW-
O elry to -X. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
•WAGONS AND CAKKI.VGES. .
pHEAP; TEAM "worFho rtSKS, WAGON
\J and harness. 630 Point i obos aye. ,
TTlOit SALE-L.IGHT WAGON, ALSO BUSI-
X ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye,.
1, OR SALE, •AT KAsTKItX PRICES, FIN IS
-* carriage.i of every deac Iptlon; cash, notes or
Installments, c.-.rvill Mf^ Co.. -ni-48 Btli st., S. F.
. STORAGE. ~
STORAGE— CHEA PEST IN THE^CITY-FIRK^
proot building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
URN I T 0 R K." I'l AN TRUNKS; AD-
X I vances, shipping. CH.U L. TAYLOR,2O4Post.
1 . BUSINESS^CHANCESj ■
<C»Q?;n SALOON "WITH FOUR FINE LIV-
: *iP'J*J\J. Ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
• ness: cheau rent; fine locality: this Is a fine
business for the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
xiful HV6
' <ft9oo- THE BIGGEST SNAP ON EARTH;
>JP^\J\J. saloon in fine location: must be sold at
! once; fixtures worth double the money- good busl-
ness. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
i 0:700 ONK OF '- THE FINEST RESTAU-
.*>P IV/\7. rants in city; good location; . doing
, business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
j always made money; stand full Investigation-
■ I reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
i erty: and any one —anting a business of this kind
j will find on investigation all that is claimed for it-
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall ay.
000 partner In WELL-ESTAB-
*Jp_UUI/. lished office business: the inly ob-
ject In taking partner is to extend the business;
1 investiga ion will show this to be rare chance: a
fine opportunity for energetic man. T. LUBEL-
| SKI, 7 City Hall aye. •
I HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
in Alameda to trade for city . property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LU.ufc.LSK I, 7 City
Hall aye. .••... "
mi P>.f\f\ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN
«Jp LOUIS. Hotel; straight 10c bar: long lease:
first-class day and night trade. WILKE, 531
California st. -
©Q^H PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
«JpOOU. er-shop; 8 miles from city; rooms: low
rent; average 4 cattle sold per week ; r are chance
1 for right party. WILKE, 531 California st.
T ODGING-HOUSE OF 46 ROOMS, WITH SA-
, XJ loon established years; lease; low rent; very
beet location: rarest chance for German man and
wife. WILKE. 531 California st.
fflqffAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«]pl I \J\J. choicest location: Western Addition:
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala; fullest Investi-
gation given. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
<Sl£*(\n RESTAURANT ON KEARNY ST.;
<lpcM'U. actual value $1200; rent $50; owner
1 called East on account Of sickness. WILKE. 531
California bU : •
"jjjTf-rTin CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
«H)Uvv/. li vine-rooms: rent $30; ■ doin? good
business: choice location. WILKE A WOLF, 631
California St.
ILL SELL OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE
shares In fruit-growing company paying large
dividend. MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
JUsT THE BUSINESS U WANT TO BUY
for just the price U ant to pay ; all branches.
MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
m>l_OO FINE RESTAURANT AND
tlpX^rUU. oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 daily: a fortune for some
one; thorough Investigation invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this pliice; a perfect sac-
rifice. See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
OlJ'-J^n SACRIUCE— SALOON, 3 ROOMS,
tjpOOU. kitchen; well furnished: fine stock and
fixtures; best accommodations; receipts $15 to $20
dally. MYERS AO . AHAM, 777 Market st.
<ft'-i(in KkSTAURANT AND BAR: CITY
<2)«J' 1 1/. front: tine chance: death cause of sell-
ing; best chance in the city for an enterprising
man. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
CM 00 STATIONERY-STORE ON MARKET
tjpuuv/. at. .low rent: well established; sacrifice;
other business cause of s.le; a good thing. See
MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market St.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nltures, restaurants. saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
<2j€)f|o HAL INTEREST IN A CORNER
<qpOl/l/. saloon; city front prefers partner to
hired help. SfKNBERG CO., 632 Market at.
Of 1000 RESTAURANT AND SALOON; 26
rfIJXWJU. furnished rooms; will sell or ex-
change for property. STENBEKG C 0..632 Market.
©1 00 STATIONERY AND BRANCH BAK-
*£ ' V " cr >' : % ood location: 2 rooms in rear.
STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
<J> - X STEADY, RELIABLE MAN AS PART-
*p I «-». ner in show-card and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect: splendid chance to learn
good trade. STENHERO CO., 632 Market st.
ffiMOO MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEGE-
«C 1V "< table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands In town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up: trade averages $20 per day; strictly
cash: if you want a nice paying investment; see
this. OEO. STEWART, 602 |Market su
I QO^O COFFEE-SALOON. BAR an"s
i4P*JU\J. lunch-house, best location In this City
for that line of business; nicely fitted up; fine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 per day;
cheap at $500. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
©99X BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS; IN
«iP^,_itS. Western Addition; large stock: profit-
able business; proofs; living rooms. M. LESS A
CO., 783y a Market sU *
©OO^, PARTNKR WANTED IN A FIRST-
VP*-i~**J» class butcher-shop north of Market su-
positively well paying: fine ho se and cart; nice
fixtures. M. LESS A CO.. 783^ Market st.
L^OR SALE-ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lisbed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and ware: bar fixtures
lv fine order: has a line day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
j tached: sic km-ss the only reason for selli Ad-
I dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Offl-e.
I (ft 100 CU *- A «- TAND: NORTH MA ■ . KKT:
I <IP I \JV. rent $15; snap. SKIKF, 921 Market st.
! Q*(.|O(k PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY: NR.
U\J\r, San Francisco: bakes ly^ barrels;
hieh-cla*s trade; 5 livinc-rooms; stab c; rent $20-
-trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
T?NERG <- TIC MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL;
XJ investigation will prove this to b"e the best pay-
, inn business ever offeied in Sun Francisco for a
few hundred dollars: only propositions with cash
! entertained. Call 10 to 12 a. _ 927 Market St.,
room 2-2.
"[ ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKE GEN-
Xj tic-man partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished payii'g business: will furnish equal amount
of money; capital required $1600. _ box 15.
Call Office. •
GOOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in rapidly growing neighborhood, . orner
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4 rooms; Sutro
I cars pass door. D. DANGERS. lOi California st
Variety bTORE, finest LOCATION in
> Haywards. and paper route for sale; will in-
voice stock and sell route at barman: call and in-
vestigate. FRANK HOO-ON, II ay wards. CaU
PARTNER WANTED— OLP-KSTABLISHEP
contracting business; pays from $100 to $150
each; must be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C E.. box 25. Call Office. .
ffljQ^A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; A
'iPKJKJxj. few blocks from Market st. ; doing a
fair business: splendid location; investigate this
chance. Address M. E., box 93. this office.
j <fi'->nn CIGA!t AND STATIONERY STORE
; «iT«JV''. at the b»st transfer point on Market
1 St.; good steady trade; a good investment if sold
this week. Call forenoon 1 Goagh st.
CjOKnA BEST PAYING BUSINESS IN-
tir<J<J\>\J. vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc.; established 1889; must be sold.
Address P., tiox 35, Call Office.
G1 OOD PAY ING FAMILY' WINE AND LIQUOR !
I" store: established 10 years: rent cheap: sold ;
I account of too much other business. For particu- ]
I lars apply 20 Lafayette su
El- DS WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST; !
they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap; !
25c and 50c; sent by mail on receipt of price. 719 !
I Market St.. near Third. -
$'->()() GROCERY AND BAR: PROM I-
*J\i\J. nent corner on good street; 3 rooms:
1 good business: best reasons for selling. Apply 917
1 Market St., room 2. ,
I ■L>OR CANDY FACTORY AND ICE-
I X cream-store: rare opportumtv: established
] business: or will exchange for real estate. S., box I
21, Call Office.
VINE CORNER GROCERY FOR BALE; FIVE !
X I living-rooms: low rent and lease, inquire at I
I once room 40, Chronicle building, W. D. iIEND i
RICKsrON.
j q&l'.'OO RESTAURANT: ESTABLISHED
, ypX_v/V/. 15 years; a pick-up: doing a good
I business; make offer; investigation slven. Apply
29 Mxth st. ' J
ARE CHANG K FOR A GROCERYMAN TO
purchase a sunny NE. cor; Investment Days
lOpercenu PATTERSON A CO.. 2 Valencia st.
djj u' AVERAGE WEKKLY NET "INCOME
*3)*JU $250 invested: safe, conservative": prosDec-
tns, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. v.
A T AN HOUR'S NO 1 ICE A. . uWAN BUYS
r\ stores: negotiates mortgaces on merchandise
yells on commission. Room 15.26 Aiontgomcry! |
L'OK SALK-RESTAURANT. DOING A BUSI-
■ X ness of $20 to $25 per day: must be sold on ac-
conntoi sickness. Apply a: 6 Golden Gate aye.
ofc9(W). -RESTAURANT ON MARKET~StT;
<IT-i^'V. rent $45; good business: good reasons
i for selling. D McRAE,.B27 Market st re * sons
I TF YOU W NT I.. BUY OR HELL A RES-
X tanra-.t, saloon or.any klnJ ■of btminp«« «.«
UNDERWOOD A CO.. 765 Market s£
ALUON - $400: RARE OPPORTUNITY
a must sell, as my other business demands my
entire attention. Apply aO9 i.i!j 3 st . Bmy
: T/ARGAIN— HOUSE AND SIGN SHOP ES~-
I fti'ffAa 1 i?-5s_V", iocauon; io r 4'
I T>.\KE.;Y. CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTION"
Juchanan? 0 " 31 2 "■^•.?»-«8 cheaV° TI 1307
I'DERLY MAN TO TAKE INTEREST IN
business with ladles. 1004 Market St., room 1
<Cf*->(|o BARGAIN: SALOON- Swiss*
ftdUU. place: fine stocic liqu^Jo^j^^
$75 SALOON-C OMPLETELY FIXED uF-
« «-'- living-rooms: Third st. Inquire 235 Thlr-
G'IENTLKMAN PAR 1 NEK WANTED —
VJ lady of ? ome means. 1 Fifth st.. room 12. BY
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMa tT
capital wanted by lady. J_i_jj£_£- $%£{%
CHEA*- D, IRYPRCDUC. STORK BVKKRV
and laundry office. Apply Call offic"^^^
nORNER GI.OCIKY ANI> B\K- LIVING
KJ rooms: £ ood location; rent $30. MS Markof st"
SALO )N: LON LEAS. • 'imv ». v TTT
D AI v AND produce i;U>l\Ess- 4. ■ rv~
iJ ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st'
AII.KIHANDISE STOVKS AND FlVTr'n^S
( t UOD , TRTmmer WISHES TO BUY ivrn
Eox 3V Call
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
T\TE\VSP_PEiTROUTK;IN INTERIOR CITY?
IN close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. ' -
1 ADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
X $35 capital. 12 Mason St.. room 2. ■
r)OUTE FOR SALK ACROSS THE BAY. I^."
It quire at ' all office.
_ODGING-UOnSES FOR SALE. *
tTcT^E^FtJRNITUBE F0RX.0T5...... $2500
Z_ 16 rooms: clearing S5O „. 250
28 rooms: making money 475
130 rooms; clearing- $500 7000
10 rooms: clearing $50.. 300
UN DEKWOOD A CO.. 766 Market st.
I BURNISHED HOUSES":* 12 TO 180 ROOMS;
' $300 tt> $10.0. PHELPS A i P.. Jl7 LarKii,.
WELL-FURMSHED ROOMS: LOW RENT;
clears $60. Apply Call Office. ■
I/'URNITURK OF 6 ROOMS FOR SALE 7
I I fla-. to let. 214 sixth st. ■ ' ;
k 4 ~ri>OM LODGING-HOUSE: CHEAP, OX
* account of sickness. R.. box 15. Call Office.
FIRMTUKE FOX SALE.
THRhTsALjCI *~ ~^~~^ ~*~»~
x Prices stand till goods are completely ( v,.
posed of.
Oak bed sets ;.,„ $18 51
Bed lounges , BUd
Stoves 750
Carpets, per yard ....:. 55
Linoleum, per yard...., 65
Matting, per yard lv
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busineii
at SE. cornet beventh aud Mission - sis. i
NOONAN. ' - ■
OR CHEAP, COMPLETE SET OP
1 furniture, suitable for small family, and cottage
to let, consisting of 3 rooms, nice large basement
and planked yard; rent $10. Inquire 425 Alabama.
Af\n CAKPi.TS; CHAMBER SETS. $IT.
Jvu stoves, $5: parlor gets. $20; foldinK-bed«!
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FotT
lowest prices on. household goods. new or 200 a
»snew:ra«n or time. np»n evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
j-_ r ,_ n .- r -, r -, , , , ,-
pASH PAID FOR ENTIRE i HoTjSeB~"or
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, eta t
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal?
FFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J pricei for second-hand office desks or taka
them in part • payment for new. GEOROF ii
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission
mO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERSTEIN.969 Howard st. ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE Co Pay~
hlghes' price for furniture, carpets, etc. • aen'i
postal. 866 Mission st. * " en *
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURS £7
X ture and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larkln.
N Dl ANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M."
J. SIMMONS' Anc. Co. 1057 Market, pays cash
carpet cleaning.
svance"carpet ' cl!eaning~co^~4o2
Sutler, tel. Main 394. S. S. FERGUSON.mangr.
ONES A CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27"
0 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 10t>l.
3C A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET
Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
pAKPET CLEANING, Sc.: LAYING, So.; RUGI
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198 th st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTKD WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDI G'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353- i. 7 Tehama st. ; tel. so. 40.
1> ON KLIN CARPET EKATING WORKS. ±±i
\J Golden Gate aye. 1 telephone east 126.
niTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
V^ tine, 38 Bth. STEVENS, m— . TeL South 250.
/"IARPETS CLEANED .AND RENOVATKO
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth; lai.
fcouth 3d D. MACKINTOSH a CO., successors.
~| K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. itil
__I______________l________L
EDUCATIONAL. "~
BALD'S B^Js7n*E^S~^XJiLLEGE, 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering,- etc.; 20
teachers; 16,000 graduates: catalogue.
SPANISH LESSONS GIVEN RY KDUCATED
Spanish lady; reasonable. 230 Page st.
A* ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2 97 SACRAMENTO
I*l St.: board; English, French, German, piano;
$30 month; coach. ■•:,■ : .
C/PDEMY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY'
and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 6
and 12 weebs; terms reasonable. PROFESSOR
ASTROLOGY, 916 Market, room 26.
Vf ME. MELVILLE SNYDi R, 715 POST ST.;
ITJ v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specially;
vocal classes Monday, Bp. v. ; $1.
T>UPILS WANTED IN ENGLISH, LATIN
X and mathematics: literature a specialty. MISS
ROULSTON, 724 o'Farrell st.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. MISS PAOE.V, 427 Setter st.
S~ PANIsH,FKENCH,ETC.;Prof.Bs
Academy of Laugnai;es,32O Post st:estab'd ISTI
Y'RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 31:5
Montgomery st.; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegcapnv, etc-
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market st : expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
LMA K. HY'ER, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
Jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNG, WRI ING, ARITHMTC. GKA
day A night: noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
ROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN'
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powil!
ADY FROM LONPON AND PARIS TEACH-
csplano,Btnglng,French:s3_o. R. 14, 100' i Pollt
MR. A M KS. KOL A M.ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
. . ELASCO'a LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I > Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING ME."
0 chanical engineering, surveying, architcctnre-
nssay: estab. '64. VAN DKRNAILLEN. 723 Mkt,
KOFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
violin guitar, mandolin. 1 :<;.io. 1707 Mar'<eu
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
V BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS In'cakLOAD
X lots and for cash, and being in mr own build-
Ing, with no rent to pay, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than,
any other music house in San Francisco: invest™
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT, 626
xl H\ €S Slh
A URY -BUILDING. CORNER OF
<c_ Kearny and butter sts., full of pianos- these
Instruments are for sale on monthly Payments of
*3, , $4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
«25 per month; the best of every grade from lowest
prces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
ran 2 8: . Why pay rent ' hen belter Pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? ever?
piano puarantee i ; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge for drayage: pianos
?*& v n i^ coe o by best couce « tuners. SHERMAN?
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearuy and Sutt«r st« 7i«A
Oakland, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle. Wash. ■ Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast, ' OMSIQ^
ACTUALLY THE bkst BARGAINS in PI-"
-fV anos; see our list for this week: pianos on «3.
$4. $5, $6. $7. $8, $9. $10, $16. **0 monthly ply.
rnents; fine stool and over with each; delivered
free any when* in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers- no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest mid largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLKK A CHASE, 28
Farrell st., San Francisco.
OETIRIXG FROM BUSINES — PIANOS AT
Xt sacrifice to promptly clo.e out stock: Knabe.
Raines and Bush A Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT _
CO.. 324 Post st.
A LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
Mlu P V C l?sf i 7 a o'9 O8 M t a O rk r : t n L aD<l •*" sale cheap at
MaU VAls',769 Market st.
Tit ANTED — CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
*' right or square piano; cash. R.. box 72, CalL
$140 srA . . D ARD UPRIGHT: COST 75;
oi^ss installments. 281 Leaven « orthl
$> 150 burled w a, .Nut Upright BOS-
«ip.l O\J. ton make piano. BRUEN'N'S, 228 Tost
G^HM^rs^^^^i^P:
VV 'J-KaUUEK. m»L.. AGENT tOli HALLET
*T . A Davis a»d Fruncis Bacon pianos, 408 >atf to
(^i CK i Kulx ' J '' Ke% AIJK - >tl^ : k.vo»e.stkk- 1
orrVm IJa h 1 ? > <M 8e rr:s n "T Piano lor $187: plaooe
.or rent. BfcNJ. cUkl a/ a mjn. l« o Farrelt.
ij\'e«i't;^ V , : " W " l>O:Sr
• Vr * ll - >v >^»n.. ! ri CCT : .nd other rianoi.
S U H >^M I( ?i t 1 M. KILfN "- Z»TIIKR». OLDANEW
H. Ml. 1. 1. 1. 1. ,; u:, .. ,- a ■_, ; a:i , anit) i a
_._...-. * LOST.
I^ O Ma^?t N s, W c^m P siu^^ F 2vS^
gg^g°j g gx___^ neyar _jfe^
QTOLE.N— HH.PTEM RER 17, BROWN HORSE;
aBS_«SK^3^
7 ■ O»T — SILVKK-MOUNTED CANE PACK "
Retf, r r ? 1 hot °sr»phs ana book conta'inim: photos!
Return 1,14 nacramen;o a:, and receive reward.
-B X an . ? ViTi KKYb Vl ' CKOSMNG OF NINTH
-L> and Larkiusts, Return 721 bntw at.: reward.
1 /J'ST-SIPTEMBRR Jfj, V Ei VKTC CAfE-
turi^S'Howrd S™**'™^ "•« »
Bay|«.? reward^ d RUU I Si« K KelUrn t0 418
FOUND. '
Jrc£%tS2ft?££ CALLJANDELEV.HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT SUNN Y^HOUsETiTIOOM JlOl£
XV crn improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
Allister BU
fl? V HOUSK 5 ROOMS: FINE VIEW;
tS?< .healthy. Iss7Kettrny st., near Greenwich.
HOUSE 6 ROOMS; Si ABLE, 10 bTALI-S;
large yard. 231 Ash ava., near Van Nebs.
<3>l X MONTHLY— YOUE KENT WILL PAY
tJpXO for a nice 6-room- cottage; -house t>«illt to
order, IiOO to $VOO0; payments $200 to $30
ca->h, balance monthly.
K. M. long, 3207 *2a st, corner Mission. Open
evenings after 7:30 o'clock.
pOUNTRY HOME IN THE HEART OF THE
\J city: no wind or fog; climate unsurpassed;
elegant sunny corner house of 10 room*; large
gardens, croquet ground, stable, etc. : best view of
city and bay to be had in tan Francisco: will rent
with or without carpets: rent very reasonable to
good tenant. MV. corner of Buena aye and
bouth Broderick st.
<3«9A HOUSK: 6 ROOMS&B.VTH;2SALINA
<$>jL ,\J. place, oft California, below Stockton. Key
at GKO. H. BCCKINGHaM, 415 Montgomery sU
Ci]il H.'.AK HOUSK: 5 KOOMS AND CE -
S_.-_; * Ur * Inquire 724% Howard st., near
Third.
C ROOMS; BATH. 17 HAMPTON PLACE,
CJ off Folsom a:., bet. Second ana Third.:
Vt*>f\ HOUSE: 6 itOOAia. BATH, BASE-
««'—•«-'. mer.t and yard. 621 Page st.
HOUSE 9 ROOMS BATH, tiNE MARINE
view, $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
Cj9/\ 2814 LAGUNA &T.: HOUSK « ROOMS!
is£\J. $14—1831 Union St.; hoosß 4 rooms.
C~ HEAP KLKGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
' California and Lamina sis. Go see it.
OUSES IO .KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
M "ntromerv »;. • ~i .
cottages to let.
V^ooTuuk- cottag l r 4"roomsTalso »
-I <->— room rear cottage: large stable.
(JUSXYMOCER N COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND
O bath; large flower garden and cellar. 618 Grove.
CUNN V COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS. BATH.
0 basement, stable. Aileea aye., off 16th *v, nr.
Dolores.
VK'M -MISSION-SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— -O—^r rooms and bath; yard; flower garden; $18.
K EDUCED ALL THO.SK NICE * HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter. Franlr'ln and other streets; get
llitt good tenants wauled. SPECK <fc CO., bO2
Xarket st.
FLATS TO LET.
V £^^TPf 19 r^T^ROOMS^A n"d~BATH; 624
X Grove st YON BHKIN & CO.
VINE UPPER FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS;
*■ bath. 1006 Jackson st., near Mason.
"I F YOU WANT A NIC_f~SUNNY FLAT, OR
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottuges to leu T. LCBELSKI. 7 City Hall are.
7Q_HAKRISON ST;NICE > LAT OF 5 ROOMS
1 Ot and bath. &1H; 7815. 4 rooms and bath. $16.
C? 7 UPP RFLA'i 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
0 I . 1111 Elm aye., bet. Scott and Pierce sts.
WO LAKGK fcUNNY ROOMS. WASHROOM,
X large yard ; for housekeeping. 23 r.lgln Park.
i^LAT 3 SUNNY BOOMS, BATH. 605 JONES
-T street.
9 ELKGANT FLATS~NEAR~CITY~"HALLT"4
— and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove st.
«i£ 1 A CHOICK BUNNY 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
<DX-Z. Broad .
W ANTED— GOOD TENANTS; RENTS.
' » from $10 up for nata, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 603 Market su
LA TO TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery su
fiOO* TURK" — SUNNY, UPPER
O£i\J flat; ail light looms; rent $12. ■
LOVKijV. SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
6 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third su, 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till lurther notice.
910 SEVENTH, NR. HOWARD — UPP£R
jU I O flat of 4 sunny rooms and bath.
T OWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LA ROE
-Lj rooms: yard. :-0 11 oss sU, between Sixth and
Seventh, off Howard.
Q"l 7 UPPER FLAT 6 BOOMS, BATH. 4059
•- X I . Nineteenth st., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars; apply lower flau
1 OWER SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS;
XJ bath; laundry: low rent. 1800 O'Farrell st.
'-497 CLEMENTINA ST.: COZY FLATS OF 4
O— < I rooms; reduced to $12.
1 XI 'Jl MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH— 6
Xk>X*j% large sunny papered rooms; bath;
laundry.
AND 4 BOOMS; SUNNY FLAT*; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post su
FRENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH AND STA-
X nonary wash tubs- Twentr-thlrd and Guerrero-
* HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. ""*
Dorland Street. '
O,K BORLAND. OFF GUKEBERO— 8 UNFUR-
«-<-/ nished rooms; alcove and bath.
Elgin Park.
AH ELGIN PARK, NR. RIDLEY- TWO FXJR-
i I nished rooms lor housekeeping: bath; gas.
mtli Street.
1 AC FIFTH— PLEASANT BUNNY UNFUB-
J \J I nished large front room to let.
'■I A FIFTH— LAKGE SUNNY "FRONT BED-
«-J-L^ room and kitchen: bath; yard; private; $1L
9OX FIFTH —FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
O-.U Ing; 2, $10; 3. $12; single, $5.
i ojhoin Street.
C9 r FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
*J- .U room; light housekeeping: 81 75 per week.
Pulton Street.
lift FULTON — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
11" rooms for housekeeping; very cheap.
v>«.ary .-;r«o-.
At Q GEARY— ENTIRELY RENOVATED:
1 J U furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. ; '
Howard (Street.
CO9 HOWARD— ELEGANT PARLORS, SUN-
' —_ ny single, double roo.i.s; light bouaekeeo-
Ing: $4 up.
1 1 9£t HOWARD— 2 hU NN V FRONT ROOMS
J-J — O furnished complete for housekeeping;
liu-f* closet: good stove; .ounge: antique oak fold,
ing-bed: bath: $12 P<*r month: In American fam-
ily; no eolldren; none bnt sober, quiet people
need apply.
11 _9 HOWARD— '_ SUNNY HOUBEKEKP.
XX'j— ing rooms; range: bath; rentslo to $lg.
. . i.-rkm Mruoi. . .
_9Q LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED AND
~i —*J sunny rooms, suite or single ; housekeeping
if desired.
■• Leavenwortti street.
'It LEAVENWORTH— 2 HOUSEKEEPING
OXO rooms, furnished or unfurni-hd; basement.
3.1 liii. a >tr«*..
C7C MINNA— SUNNY FRONT BOOMS FOB
0 i O hoti-okeeplnsr.
j>io».oii -:ree .
Qf*A* MISSION— SUNN .' HOUSEKEEPING
UUI2 rooms: also single rooms. .
0901 missjon^com~p~j7ktkj,y furnish-
•' — • *<i clean sunny hous<k rooms; porch.
1 (,'JO MlrtelON — 4 SUITE* OF .NEWLY
IV/OO furnished rooms fir housekeeping: gas:
baths: hoi and cold water free: rent $12, $14, $16
and $20; also single rooms at moderate rates.
-I .99 MISSION — 2 OR 3 MCKLY FUR-
-1— — .— nished rooms for light housekeeping;
gas: bath.
>atoma Street. - -
7A-I NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH— 3 SUNNY
(Ul front conneciing rooms furnished for
housekeeping. ■• : ~:- .
Nin tli street.
Of) NINTH, N E ji~R M ARKET — FRONT
— .V suites for light housekeeping, orjslngle: grate;
gag.
91 NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOM: LIGHT
— »X housekeeping: running water: also others.
Oot a via Street. -■•-'•'"
1 A(\Q OCTA VIA, COR. GEARY— BAY-WIN-
X ±Vu flow; folding-bed; klch^u; gas stove.
Pearl .Street.
0 PEARL. COB, MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
0 Front and back parlor: furnished for houaekpg.
.Seventeenth Street. '
Q J PIQ SEVENTEENTH — LARGE FRONT
ii~it)»> room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nlsbed for housekeeping; rent $8.
bouth Park.
I A SOUTH PARK-SUNNY UNFURNISHED
1 V housekeeping rooms.
"I SOUTH PARK — WELL- FURNISHED
ID housekeeping rooms: $7 to $10.
Stockton .Street.
71 1 STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
I 11 rooms for housekping; $8 and $10 month.
ii'lmnm Mreotj
fQQA TEHAMA— NEAT UNFURNISHED
•J OO rooms; rent *5 a mouth. •
1 bird Mre*s.
QC 9 THIRD— 2 FRONT SUNNY ROOMS,
OU—v furnished complete for housekeeping:
$2 25 week.- . •■■"■■.•-:
Welsh Street.
1 1 i WELSH. OFF FOURTH — 2 OR : 8
114 nicely furnished housekeeping rms; cheap.
Mi»cellmneou».
991 GEARY. ROOM 87— ROOM AND HOUSE
- .—.3 renting agency; no fee tor registering
ROOMS _TO LET.
Birch Avenue.
1 O AND 22 BIRCH AYE.— RENT REDUCED-
x - 1 newly papered and decorated ; opo. City Hall.
i*ui»h street.
1 135 BUSH. COR. HYDE-SUNNY ROOM;
X J k>O upper flat; $10; with bath. xwvm -
" . California Street.
71 O CALIFORNIA-DOUBLE ROOM: AL«O
men. C 9 nnecUn «[ rooms. 4 beds, suitable young
—uuv Mre«».
m EDDY— RAT SUNNY SINGLE AND
j. x o double room for gentlemen; $6 and $10.
• ■ '-•kUMi I lluu..
CHF.PMA^ ArAKIMEiST HOUSK. I* RTH
>■ tu. near Market; lurnliiht».t and unfurnished.
j-..j» >«i .-en..
TSf« RAMOSV - 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATB «.
■*- MART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
rated; newly lurnlshed : elevator: hot <& cold water.
091 ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
*-»■— ix lodging we recommend the rtosedaie House.
I'iitli Street.
OOX FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED* HOUSE-
O^O keeping; 2 $10, 3 $13; single. $5.
l-'olsom Street.
7QC FOLSOM— SINGLE SUNNY FURNISH-
-1 OO eg front room; $4 month.
lorn-til btreot.
9901 FOURTH (THE PALM) — LARGE
—■■—•— "i sunny front room and double and single
rooms; reasonable.
«-eary Street.
_"l Q GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
rXXV lors: suites c-r single; entirely renovated.
iiuuit,ii >tieo,.
KAQ HOWARD— 4 NICE BUNNY UNFUK-
OrtV nished rooms: $9 per month.
1 1 9Q HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
Xl— large closets; $6 a month; quiet; clean;
private.
I 9^.1 HOWARD — LARGE BAY-WINDOW
-L--«J'i room fur 1 or 2; cheap.
1 RfH-J HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY FRONT
J.OUU rooms. -
Jones Street.
907 ." I >'l'*-l'Hh VAX. WIXKf.?;; NKW
—•V 1 management: elecant tunny unites and
tingle; newly .tnxniirgu; bain, etc.: »IQ to S3a
» t»rnT stre«..
9Q KEARsIy-NICKLY FURNISHED BOOMS;
— -O terms reasonable: (inlet house.
«LINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Lagana Street. ..
9QI (* LAGUNA, NEAR UNION— 2 NICELY
<&C>X\J furnished rooms. - i
Imi Km Street.
C-| A LiARKIN— SUNNY BOOMS. SINGLE OR
0 X\J double; qnlet family; reasonable.
Leaven worth Street.
01 A LEAVENWORTH. BET. ELLIS AND
Olrt F-ddy— Elegant front sunny suite; suitable
for couple or 2 gentlemen: upper flat: no children.
J.«llli' Mlo«.,
YOeB;MITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKKT - PER
I nlghu Ssc to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5: families.
Mason Street.
_T| O MASON. OPP. NATIVE SONS' H ALL—
J^w Furnished rooms; sunny; suite or single.
'-'•Mllll VH.«k.
CAH mission - NEWLY furnished
oil rooms by day, week or month, 25c to $1
per day.
"I fWKI' MISSION, NEAR SIXTH — SUNNY
x \J\JiJ furnished room *nd bath for gentleman.
>iutu Street.
9QQ NINTH — FINE CORNER BAY-WIN-
— dow room, with grate: bath. ■ '
Oak Street.
A Q OAK — UNFURNISHED BAY-WINDOW
10 rooms; grate aud closet; day home for chil-
dren; $5. ,
v.'i urrt'll &ir«a&.
•I 99 O'FARRELL— LARGE 'PUNNY FRONT
I — ._. room: elegantly furnished; all conveni-
ences: reasonable.
I'ulk stree;.
1 AA^x POLK— UNFURNISHED FRONT AND
XtriO back parlor.
i'ost Mire, .
71 Q POST— SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS;
IXO en suite or single: private bath. . : . -..
I'oirell Street.
91 9-214 PO WE LL (WILLISFORDI— EN.
_. .-Jl— . urely renovatea throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms re able.
OOP; POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY R .OM
*•— <O newly fur.: $8; also large sunny cor. room.
1 ■ ■ —
eleventh Street.
1/19 SEVENTH-PLEASANT BOOMS FOR
l"'- 1 housekeeping; also single rooms.
ri-th > root.
lOC SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
X— .O double and single furnished rooms. *::•.-■
Mucktnn Street.
"I7UROPEAN (THF), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nished suites, $4 to $10^single rooms. $1 50 to
$3 week; Vie to $2 nieht : hot and cold running '
water in every room; baths; c evator: transient.
C 1 Q STOCKTON. NEAR BUSH — FINELY
OX rni»hed suite and single rooms; private
family. ;-*- : .
tuner »tree..
O(\O SUTTKR—FURN. BOOMS OR PUITES,
QUO 91 25 to $10 wk; night 2bc to $1 60: transl.
Te)utm-> street.
09 TEHAMA BT. — .mi'ELV FURNISHED
O— i rooms: private family.
'I inr.l .Streo;-
-■ Q1 THIRD— FURNISHED RUNNY
lot rooms, $1 and up; aiso housekeeping.
Q1 7 THIRD— LAKGK HCNNY CLKAN RMS.;
Ox 1 double or single: day, week or month.
BOABDLNO AM) BOOMS.
; E"s,"NR 6'F ARrtELL^H A N D^
'J 1 O sorcely furnished alcove suite: dressing-
room: cioset; bath, etc; superior table; private
family: fine location. : !___!
At) A EDDY— SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
t-C'r rooms; beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable. ; ;
"VTEWLY FURNISHED BOOMS: BOAKD OP-
XS tional; bath: private family ; terms reasonable.
Address J. D., box 102, this office. _ -,' .;
7.17 Ellis — elegantly FURNISHED
I O I parlors or single: use of piano; board op-
tlonal.
A 1 9 EDDY — LOVELY FRONT. feUNNY
■4 ) — \ room, with board for 2: $45. *
(in - CLAY, NR. DEVISADERO— SUNNY
.Oil) room: use of i-arlor: board $25, or $40
for two; gas, bath: take Eddy-su cars.
HO'l'JtL iiKitTLJ.JSU, «14 i>USH-A FAMILY
hotel: referenced given aua required; tOiuiod-
-1 ■■•■ r:nny»nlenrp<.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
XTXPEBIENCED NUBSK WISHES AN IN-
X\i fantio board: <10 per month. '^919 Sixteenth.
~. ' STORES TO LET.
T^A^o_i"BTOß%^rriru??ro^DATnrrF^
1j and fehow-wlndows; located 490 Sutler at.
Apply to It. McELROY. 4 Pbelan bulldlog.
A 1 f\ KKARNV— LARGK LIGHT ." DIfSIRA-
TIU tie store: occupied at present by paying
restaurant: low rent, ai ply "n premises, room 34.
~™ STORES WANTED.
W ANTKD-^TOBE IN GOOD LOCATION:
11 suitable for win* and II q'or house: state renu
Address s. II- box 127. Call Otnc.f.
OFFICES TO LET.
KN'rAL n YR r OTHEit^tJFFICK; CHKAP:
cor. Polk and Butter: also rooms. 1141 Polk.
i)\il» SL' T T R — NICELY FURNISH KD
— .OU front connecting suites, especially adapted
for doctor.
CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (L. AND
L. and O. bulldln?— Sunny oilices; light, water,
heat »nd Janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
VINK OFFICh.B: 23 KEABNY ST.; SUITA-
J blefOr any business. ■
PKKCKELS JiUILUINr*. P27 MAR KKT -
Klegant fiiuinv ollicei. $12 60 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service fr-«. Apply at building
or«^. ii- UMHSKN A CO.. it Montnonnry Kt.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
jjvjcKTßKiJ;— DivXmc^TXwVX's^BcrT
J\- ally; jinva:*; no charge nnlass successful : _U
lawsuits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. U. W. HOWK. aU'y-aUaw. BSU Marltat. ,
VTOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 836 PARROTT
JIX bulldlne: consultation* free; moderate fees.
INGOBE * MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott bui!din< (Emporium).
DVICK FRfc.K; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. p-AVIDJiON, 927 Mar Ket su
Wf. ARAM. ATT'Y-Al-ijk,W.SBIPAKIIOTT
. hld>. Practices i" •■!! cnuri»:rlmr!r»» moderate
__ TO LEASE.
T?oii "blCnt OIV LKA^K^6O^ V A R X^LOT^SKr
X? co;. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $50 per
month. Address J. fc>., 4.7 Sanson)«> kU, b. i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
PERSONALS. /
TJOXEY — WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOTj!
X\i Answer. 
7 OVK, MARRIAGE, SUCCESS, FREE TO
XJ all; 2to 5. PROF. MONROE, Astrologer, 777
Market st.
LATEST BTYLB IN HAIRDRESSING 25c,
at Up-to-Date Parlors, BfiU Market st, room
14. Lessons given: moruing and evening classes.
VT OTICK To THE PUBLIC— OWING To THE
Xi wrongs which I have unconsciously inflicted
toward my friends and others during the past
three years or mote (due to my weak state of
mind), 1 with to ask for pardon, with the hopes of
redeeming my past life, in the near future. Sin-
cerely. * WM. F. LaNGE.
MEB. SADIE EVANS'COSME>TIC PARLOUS.
■MX hatr-dresalng.shampoolng; Rents 50c 15 Eddy.
URNETT's CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOX
corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
INFORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
X of OUSIOV RUDOLF BaRSTAEDT. a native
of Danslg, Germany; present age about 60 years;
supposed to be In California: a fortune has been
left him in Germany. Address 1900 Central aye.,
San Francisco', Cat: t .-..-■
W ATCH AND JEWELUY HKPAIKINI.":
'» work from the country solicited; »stimates
riven; artlcl' s returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
AD\ FKKE; DIVORCE LAWS A bPK-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at,-
tended to. Q. W. HOWE, atty-at-law. «50 Market st.
\\T ANTED— OLU GOLD FOR MANUFACTURE
'» ing. O. NOLTE, jeweler. 222 O'Fariell si.,
bet. Mason and Powell.
AKTINGTON'b SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. U. E. Partinston, Geriruds
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngtpn. Particulars 424 Pine.
DR. MAUD INMAN, ELECTRIC THERAPEU-
tIc vapor baths; ladles only. 1053 Market st.
JUST ARRIVED— MME. M. TAYLOK, CARD-
reader; fee $1. 860 Market, rooms 49-50.
OCOCO OR ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
modern style of halrdresslog I do for 25 cents;
Qiiinonia hair tonic, 85c a bottle: switches. $1;
have enlarged my parlors G. LEDEKEK, 111
Stockton st.
V OUNG LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell st, room 7. -v.**W : v
OKRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
•"*■ Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladles', misses'.
children's cloaks to order;flt guaranteed ;low prices
ADY (STKAK'.KK) DESIRES GKNTLr-
man partner; $26 capital. K. t, 122 Post st.
fflj/l PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<*»^£. WERTHMAN Pants Co . 2*l/2 Geary street.
fTIHE FINEST lTnTc OF KEMNaNTS?
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Kate Tallor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market bu. bet. 7th and Kh.
rpRUNKS DKLIVERKD iiSC. BAY CITY
* Transfer Company, 244 Butterj tel. Grant 57.
A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAbUe DIG At,
SX. Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 10291* Market at.,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
ALL FACIAL BLEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
r\. hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Tnrfc. nr. Leaven worth.
AZOR-FIXINU OUR SPECIALTY; FINS
edge put on razor.26c. Razor Exchge,63oMarlcet
"yELVKT AND CLOTH CA PES BELOW
* manufacturers' cost. 30 Sansome st., upstairs.
IJIU OUTDOOR bTr.KKUPTICUN SHOW KVB-'
x* ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic aj-
vertUemeuts in living light; - promoters of bun-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELECIRIO LIGHTS IN KVERY BOOMT
r , )n w luchester House, 44 Third it., near Marks;:
£U0 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $d pet
week: free bus and baggage to and from the Terry.
IBKIIAI. ADVANCES O.V DIAMOND* -_ W-
rtrr..etc: lowest r»t<n. *4H Market su !
GOLD. SILVEK. GENTS' • AND LADIE-l-
clothing boiiL'ht. COLMAN. 41 Sd. cor. Je««l=».
DRESSMAKERS.
RKsVks $2 UP; " WRAPI'KR-J 85c UP;
lawn $1 up. 506&4 Natoma above sixth.
clairvoyants"
p itana, the gypsy quken, htukkht. ;
VJ truthful In her predict ions: reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will culde you right; no take; satisfaction
guaranteed: otlice hours from 9 to 9.
MX PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant. curd- reader, born v.-iih a double veil and
eecond sight; ladles 60c, gents $1; palmistry ani
clairvoyant sitting $1 60. IV6 'lurk st.. nr. Jone*
\\ ME. SCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT. TEL
>" past, present and future: success to all; tor-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission su
MME. LEG Ef TE-PRESENT; past AND
future: 25c 311Tehama, npstalra, nr. Fourth.
BBL«. Or KNOWLEDCi E;REVK A FUTURE
marriage:mcky lottery numbers. 1032 Market..
\\ ME. HANSi.N.PALMIST. CAHD-KEADER;
ITJ past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th sU, r. 5.
MME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FLUEN'iLY:
business advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth
MJi. JIOIJKAU, Bk.nr MKUIC.M; JifcVKA.J
past, present, future: 25c nn. 764 Howard st.
GYPSY LIFE-READKR, RKMOVED FROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: cents 50e.
MME. DR. TIIOMAB. CLAIRVOYANT: «
_ yrsKearny. now 92» Post; fee $1: letter $3.
Vf ME. SYBILLE SHOWS TURK FUTUKB
i»l hnsband. wife; ladies 25c. 50c 914 O'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
A VERITABLE QUKEN AMONU WO&UiSU
jrns. PR. A. D. howe.
J-F.E $1 ft TTPWARD! FEE $1 A UrWARO*
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOrt ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcar.
eye? Are you in trouble, Rick or "down"? If si
read this and learn that lire is yet worth llvlnf
MKd DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years pa.it, li
•gain at her old offices 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and . is sow as ready as ever to assl-it
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; snocesi
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the tick made strong; tin
poor come rich; if you think your husband, wlfa
cr lover is untrue consult her at one?. Her trai-
srendent power Is as far above those poor mortal*
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ar*
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoej
not know what failure means! Her u ßeve-lea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted* cure
every disease thai human flesh is heir to. ana m
matter of bow lone standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mall Is always most an*
c«M)iul and saiUfac.ory. All letters ahiwereX
Diseases alagnpsed from a lock of hair.
kKtL »1 A UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWABD:
-iKSj. UK. A. D. HOWE,
23-0 Market su. opp. Seventh,
~* ; ' ■ ' San Francisco. ■
P.OF. C. A. MINOO WILL GIVK ONi5 OF
his lectures at 1133 Mission si, Friday night
Pei.umb r 18: subject, "The Effect of Thought."
Mule, solos and- tests: skeptics Invited; full
Investigation solicited.
DI>IK SWAIN WILLOIVK SITTINGS TO
ladies for two weeks only. 872 Mission, near
Fifth. No fee except as a gift: circle to-nl.hu
1 UENA VISTA'S DEVELOPING CIRCLE TO-
-1 ' night: all welcome; 25c admits 2; bring flow-
ers : both sexes. . b72 Mission, near Fifth.
ATE MEETING TO-NIGHT j MBS. C.
COKNKLIUS. 386 McAllister street: locents:
sceptics invited.
/mkclk to-night- 25c 5 MRS - MAYO
\J STEERS: readings 81; time limited. 1015
Market st. , .
1 , AD i AID WHIST AND KUCHRE PARTY
Xj —Friendship Hall, 326 McAllister; to-nightr
10 cents.
McALLISTEK — JihS. C. J. MEYER-
O-.U lest meeting! every night; 10c: Tub _
Frl, 2 p. it.
M. FKANCIS, IMJKI'KNUKAT .->l, A Tt-
writer. 118 Halght at.» hours 9 until 6 pm.
Ks KATE HOBKI.va, TttA.NCK MEDIUM.
sittings $1: circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
IJIBHOP UAKKISON. 1370 MARKET: KA N-
-3 ' ces Tuesday, Friday eve,n'a. 2r.c: 10 to 4 daily.
HYPNOTISJIT . *v 4-..
H"^Yi?N^JTTs>r^?sir^lT^L^^
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
eons, a so how to hypno ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
Is here offered to physicians and siudonts of
science Interested in Is therapeutic effects: high,
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric institute,
0 O rarrell st.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
SCIENTIFIC ASTRO LOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
life foretold by the horoscopes advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
m>-n protecjed b .• my method -.oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLAIR, 916 Mar-
ket st, room 26: hours 9to 7. ;
? HORSES. —
r P ~~OR^AXjF-nrLAN^^MT^I^ILTTAT
» ria«e horse: very gentle; lady can drive; cheap.
Address P. O. box 70, PJeasanton. Cal. .
HA.ND-OMK CAHT, HARNESS, STYLISH
bay mare; pacer: gentle: will stand any
place: anyone can drive her; nice rig for lady.
Can be seen at 941 Bryant si. ■ ■ :
rpHK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA~
1 lencla su. is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugxles, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
£/) HKAD DRIVING A.\D WOKICHOUStS 1
OV weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st. .
LEIiJOLI> IUKNKsS COJInKV; 600 bKT-i
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, tor !• ss money than you can bay Ea-ttra
trash: send for catalogue. 11 ) McAllister su.S. F.
"I In blt'!'»MiWA.M) MSt'ONn HAND HA K-
X O\f neas, all kinds;: wagons, DngKles, rarr«y«,
rocka ways, carts: must be sold, i 1 28 MUsloa i;
AKGE YOUN6 DHAFTHOKSES: HALTER
J broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 620 Commercial.
f.n/1 bl-.T .Nr.W AM< sKCOMj-HANU HaH-
OVJyj ness; all kinds: buggy.wa^on. carts. Surrey
Arocknwav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
All IIOiIHE.3 i-otl SALIi; AL.-)O SVAUON"^"
jv7 boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horu
Market, 827 Pix-h ot. ; auction sales every Wediu*
(ay. SULLIVAN * DOYLK, Auctioneers.
BICYCLES.
'^Q "M B I A^^BICYCLE^^FOU SALE
I/O cheap. 635 Mission st. ■ -
ECOND-HAND BABiAINH; CRAWFORD,
$30: Barnes, $55; Ben Hur, Ladies', $51): Fow.
ler, $55: Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DAVIS BROS.. 23 Geary st.
lGh-GRADK 2D-HAND WHEKLS $25 UP;
sundries below cost. 316 McAllister.
"V7KHY FiNK '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HAWLKY, 31« Market st.
t>ARK OYCLEBY— NEW WHEKLS TO _ET;
Jt best aocommodatlons. Terminus lie— ry, M>
A ll later and Powell st. <bt lines.
>'OR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"<a»V^W--BM^OR"wiNDMILL AND TANK
«35— .UU for $65. Inquire postoffice for LOUIS
ISAACS' place, Upper Frultvale. -
VIEW ELMWOOU RANGES ARE THE BEST.
IN W. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
TV! O. 7 coffee-mill AND massinahange,
IV almost turn. 1338 Washington st. '
AT ICE COCKEREL SPANIEL PUPS: FOUR
Xl weeks old; cheap. 1• 32 Bryant st.
VUB SALE-$45-GUITAB, GOOD AH NEW:
f cheap. CHARLES TRAPP, 1241 Folsom st.
VINE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS !
r old; 2 heavy workhorses, double harness; ca-
n»ry birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Stelner St.
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, hHELV
ing, etc., bought and gold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
/COFFEE aiill, SCALES,. lktter PRK«-,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. log Clay.
UYYOUK BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st.,
near Mission. ■ ■
PLENDID remington typkwritbr,
$45 : others from $20 up. BEVALK, 409 Cat.
L» OILERS, ENGINKS.2D-H AND MACHINERY.
J > waterpipes. Mclntosh <t Wolpman. 137 Beal*.
Cl O N1 X X Si. t-HKLVIM*. tsIiOWCA^ES
- bars bough- & sold. 11"! Markt.bet 7th &
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
coat; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. 8. if. Baby Carriage Mfg. C 0. .442 Sixth.
GOOD fcECOND-HAND iiOILEK; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. KAJNFORD.
415 Washington at.
k> HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINK EN-
-^ gtne; good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay at.
, UILDINUSS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SAdHI-J
' doors, mantels, etc fir sale. 1188 Mission.
Mi t-MAi^L. Mt.UH.il ASi> LAKUC sl^U
fln» and t,nrT'-r proof unf*. " 0?. 11l Market «v
SEWING MACHINES.
LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGER
rented, repaired: lowest rates. -^05 Fourth st.
MEDICAL. — — —
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFEKING
from trregu'arlli'-s and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped l me i lately; juices to suit
the times: home in confinement. DX. <& MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank;
consult fr-e; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. H.
LL. CASES OF IRREGULAKITIEa KK-
stored in a few boon; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in oontlnemeut: regular graduate phy-
sician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY nsf>d; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere: you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYEi H, 816 Post st., near Larkln.
NEW PROCEBS— MEDICINE. INSTBU-
mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and nsed at home; all cuses guaranteed:
If you wan* to be treated safe and sure call on*
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
B. GOODWIN MAKKS A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all eases of
irregularities in one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no choree; separate home for patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator $.'. 904 McAllister st.
LPiSAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lad'rs troubled with irregularities: no dancer;
safe and sure; 92 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD B KOS.. Oakland. Cal.
RS. UK WEUENKR TAKES LAD I BE-
fore and coring confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddr su
URE CURb FOR ALL Fkmale DISEASES
i from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DX. QWYKB, !";(> Turk si.
MRS. J. A. ACHABD.'mIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinements 20 years' experience. 656 Mis-
sion st.
RS. M. E. RODOERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R. DORA GRAY— ALtT~FEkALE COM-
plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 327 Kddy.
IF IRREUULAR OR ANY Fr.MALK Dl -EASE i
seeMßs.l)R. PUETZ andbecontent. i;64ij 4th. i
DX. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STRKKT, NKAR j
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HO Alt. IN CONFINEMENT. MB9.
\ DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth »U. Alameda.
DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTA L "aSsOcTaTIOnI 7S9VIAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
I )K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET BTT
XJ near Eleventh! no charge for extracting wh«i
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
Ureth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. UtOitUr.; W. LEEK, TiiK UJs.NL INK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell si.
1/>ULL Sfc-T Or' ■•jEbTH, $7; WARRANTED"
X five year*: extraction, 50c: fillings, 60c,;
crowns, $3 bo. Chicago Dental Parlors, -J4 Sixth.
l/Ml'.bT-GLASa DE.nTI.WRV; KIKST-CLASH
X prices: tlrat-clats results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. HAKDINO.M.D., 600 butter
1 U.L. 1.. ■BASH- KXI'KACTION PAINLE*-!,
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Ueary st,. cor. Grant ays.
fil»7 A >E1" FOR 'I'fcfl'H: A KUAN TED A*
<P I good as can b« made: tilling $L Dr. blMitd.
c«ntlst, VSO Market St., next Baldwin Thwatar.
i>A INLETS LXTitACI'ION, 60c; crown
X tiidge work a specialty: plates, $5 np: 13 veari'
experience.- R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S., 815»4 Geary.
LL WOKKTO SUITTiME.S;WAKKANTED.
DR. KEA, 1870 Market st., front City Hall.
R. I'UC'KKTT, 1703 PoVT «T., NEAR BO-
cn-nan; gas Kiven; crown and bridge woric.
LL WORK REASON ABLK AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT- rx.Aii_ _u_ d.
O. YUUNU. 1841 Polk
I iH. J. j. LLtK, liOt»MAHKKi. COR. UOLUK."*
J./UHie are,— evenings: frnndays itu noon.
TRUSTEES* SALES. ~
rpRUbTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
JL the terms and under tbe authority of a cer-
tain deed of trust. dulr executed by SAMUEL
HAIGH, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
OAMPBKLL and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the *an Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
January 26th, 1893, and recorded In me ollice of the
connty Recorder of the County of .Merced, Mate of
California, In Liber 5 of Trust Deed*, at page 186,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27th day of August. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN Kit AN CISCO
bAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of tbe note (No. 12,2285, to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made In the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL ana
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness:
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDETTS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the «9th day of September. A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of Easton, E!drid«e <& Co., No.
iiHH Market street, In the City and County of san
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cant) in gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate In the County of Merced, State of Cali-
fornia .deacrl>>ed as follows, to wit-
commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (36), in township nine (9) south, range
nine ('..) east. Mount Diablo base and meridian,
and running thence west aron*; the south linn or
•aid section thirty (30) feet to the Badger Flat
county road: thence north along said road four
hundred and fifty-four one-thousandths of a <hi»in
(.454 eh.) to tbe north line o* said road thence
west along said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 50 eh.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north alon; said Hooper's east
line eighteen chains twenty links (18.20 ch.)-
thence west along said Hooper's north lii.c ten
(10) chains; thence south .long Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.6tS eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel Moreno; thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
Chains to the northeasterly line of the Pflster
county road; thence no: thwenter y along said lino
of Said mad to the mldsectlon line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (otf):
thence north along • said mldsectlon line to the
north line of said -section; thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said sec. ion-
and thence south along tbe east line thereof to the
point of commence rueoi • \
i en* a portion of tne east half (E. V 2) of said
section thirty-six (36), In township nine (a) south,
range nine (9) east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two ('27: ) acre* of land more or less.
Together with tne appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
th» fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless lor want of title
(ten days being allowed 1 for search), then said ten
per oem to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts 01 kale at purchaser's expense.
. HB.NBY C. CAMKBELL,I_ ,
I ■•> ■': thaddeuh B. Khv /Trustees,
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ■-_-
"PIRANK HUaY, ATTORNEY-AT-LA W. ROOM
J 421. fourth floor, Purrott building (Kmporlurn).
JOHN K. i> ICH \BU-i, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
25 ' and 27, Crocker . building; telephone Maiu
75. Kan Francisco. Cal.
JOHn"k. AiTKIi.N AND MAURICE L. ASHERT
attys at law, rms 516.616, 6tb floor, i'arrott bldg.
CJtTjrREAL ESTATE.
SUBsTANTIAITLN*VES ; i-MENTr"" UV "~™™~
BUSINESS PROPERTY
ON DEVIBADERO ST. • "
fitl 1 C\f\fl STOKE AND 8 ROOMS AND 3
I .\J\J\J. handsome fists of 7 and 9 rooms
and bath: nearly new, and in flr3t-cl«ss condition;
pays *1050 per annum: lot 25xJ00 feet.. •-.>;•;.
EASTON, ELDHIDGE A CO., .
'- . ! 6:18 Market st.
MISSION BabIDENCE. ~
AT A SACRIFICE.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST.
*Bi39nn FINE HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
«3)O_;UU. bath: in Al condition; all modern
conveniences: range, etc.; must be sold at once:
lot 28x100 feet. -
--• ■ ' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' _ 638 Market st,
TVTKW MODERN HOME. '
-" ONLY $250 CASH.
BEST PART OF RICHMOND.
ANEW 2-STORY MODERN RESIDENCE
of 6 roomsand bath; all modern convenience ;
for sale on easy terms: (250 cash, balimee of pur-
chase price of $3250 in month y payments, same
as rent. EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO..
" ■' 638 Market st.
ECENTLY REDUCED. ' "
FINE COTTAGE.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
"31 ?\Hn CASH: MODERN COTTAGE OF 6
tiPi *j\J\J rooms, bath and high basement, on the
north side of Hayes St.. near Lion: lot 25x100
feet: price $4000; mortgage of $2500 in H.bernia
bank, can remain.
..'■-• EASTON. ELDRIDOE <t CO.,
, 638 Market st.
INVESTMENTS. " . "
CHOICE PROPERTIES.
ALL BARGAINS.
•R^finO two good flats of 4 and 8
«JT*-' 1 \J\J. rooms: near Mason and Filbert sts.;
rents $324 per annum.
©4CAA FOUR FINE TENEMENTS, NEAR
<iP~IUV/V/. Howard aud Seventh sts.: in good
condition; always rented; pays $48 per month;
lot 25x80 feet; sure speculation,
©^A(|A SIX FLATS near THIRD and
tjntJU'. i\_t. Bryant sts.: good renting location;
improvements in good condition and substantially
built: reins $50; lot 40x80 feet: examine this at
once.
©O^nn $500 CASH; TWO FLATS OF 5
iU\J\J. rooms each, near Leavenworth and
Sacramento sts.; cost over $4500; rents $240 a
year.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE & CO.,
' - " 638 Market st.
pHOICE LIST
V OF LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS.
©Qrfift COR. POINT LOBO9 AND 318T
tjpOUUU. ayes.: $120x125.
GtqAnn cor- ■ CLAY and SPRUCE STS.;
©OUUU. 37:6x102:6.
©9fiori AGE ST., NEAR SHRADER;
$)_,OUU. 25x137:6. i
Si99^A Nvv CoR °" SANCHEZ ST.;
<P-w-4<JU. 100x123; will subdivide.
$1750. mil 8T " »JS-B.8P»UCBI 125 x
CJI f\nn POINT LOBOS ROAD. NEAR 22D
<iS>XO\J\J. a ye.; N. side; 40x100; cheap lot.
51250.15. ST., NEAR BRYANT,
WXZiO\J. 25x90.
©I 000 SLOTS, RAILROAD HOMESTEAD
•I)- 1 -"""' Association, including 2 corners,
near trio-car line.
05700 SOUTH AYE., NEAR RICHLAND.
*$) I \J\J. Holly Park: 60x100. - ..>■.; H •'.■
©400 EA CH-2 CHOICE LOTS ON DUN-
*iprt\J\J can st.; 50:11x114; ready for building.
'-».-J -•'. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
'} 638 Market st.
rrO! FOR FITCHBURG I-
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THK FITCH-
BUBO, SAN LEA>DRO AND
HAYWARD* LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FIIUITVALK is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND i RAINS FROM FERRY,
I OUT OF MARKET STRKET, TO
FITCH DURO STATION IN
FOHTY-FIVE MINUTER.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains stored
by the Fitchburir scorcher. Haywurda electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
It you are tired of life and want to get oft the
earth, stay where yon are. People get well, be.
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fi.ch-
bunt.
Fi:chbur? is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of 10 da c public a- d private Im-
rroveraents in ihe vicinity of I akiand. It is a
busln.-ss center by natural location. . Us railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Ijamon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent . county rails
leading to it. are i neon estible proof i. it "is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and :o;s bounded b ■ wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW IS THE 'llMii TO BUY.
For a home whiie cheap; for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be flrst for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxeti to pay; no street
improvement* to make. Water supply from 3
compa ien at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bough; in many of the one-street tracts la
an inacreasib c hayfield.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel .street; double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments in easy Installments;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURF, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
"~j"j'_H'(W\ »50bT"ASU; ELEGANTLY FRES-
•JPOUUU. coed 2-story, 7-room and bath homes;
blzb, plastered basement, bunny side Geary St.,
near Cook.
MALL H< 'ME; .NEW; $60 CASH, $16 PER
0 mo.: Fruitvale Terminal Tract. D. PKATT,
Fruitvale Station; 646 Market st., S. F.
/CHOICE HOME LOTH, $350. ~ ~~
\J I can sell you choice building lots for $350.
to be aid in Installments of $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street work Is all done;
(traded, sewered and macadamized. Call or
■end tor a diagram, Installment lota a
specialty.
E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second st. cor. of
Mission^ - Open evenings after 7:30 o'clock.
INGi.tBIDK— MAtiM i-ICENT i. EVIDENCE,
JL near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts. : 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
provements; lot 62:t>xl25;soldatagieat sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON & C '.. 2 Valencia st.
Q>l UrkfY COTTAGK 5 ROOM.*, LO I 45x100,
«3T±OUU. in Berkeley; $100 down, $20 month,
ly: $500, lot 50x125. $20 down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
READ THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
the San Leandro road and main strest to
Fitch burg station; aiM 100x100; cueap at $20
per front foot.
■RESIDENCE CORNKR. 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
IV from the San Leandro road; ' streets gradea
and graveled; price $500.
BUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG BTA-
don; frontage to suit at $15 per tront foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600: WILL SUB-
di vide into 48 building lots: a good buy to bold
or mall at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN A LAMBDA
County, tor sale and to rent; will crow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start - nursery and «to* cut flowan for
the market.
r\THEB BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a trowing town
outside the city limits of Oakland: low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TUaD. S. FITCH. Fltchburg.
W. F. MoCLCRE. 19 Montgomery St.. 8. F."
UOR HALE— KLEGAN T NEW MODERN RE3-
-x Idenoes situated on Gough St., near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all m<dern conveniences:
flue view; good neighborhood; complete sir.
work; these bouses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
I UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
1 ' one, that Republicans. Democrats and Popu-
lists all agree upon: that all can pet fair bargains
in real estate at PATTKRSON'a, 2 Valencia st.
ffl;r.n a CA^H. BALANCE BAMK AH kknt,
«25«JV/U for a new house on ea»t side of Cole St.,
near Water: 8 rooms and buth; larze lot 5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
ÜBSTANTIAL modern hou^ks BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building I tad to call and neeolans. 1149 Mission.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
"q'/VACRES UNCULTIVATED LAND; "36
O\f miles south of Portland, Or: exchange for
city lodging-bouse or restaurant. 17 Tmrd, rm. 22.
T\IVIDEND-PAYING MOCK (8 PER CKNT
XJ per annum) for sma'.l home in San Francisco
or Oakland. Boom 61 j, bafts Deposit building, >. F.
p.(\ ACRES FIRST-CLASS FRUIT RANCH.
*J\J highly Improved; an ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland : to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jo<e or Oakland property.
300 acres, near .- toe ton : magnificent train ranch:
tine boose, 14 rooms anj outbuildings;' to ex-
change tor San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm; 160
acres: new bonse, barn, etc.; nicely improved: Al
in every particular; to exchange for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 years old, to
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland property.
J. S. MYKrfS, 1002 I. roadway, Oakland. '
T.IOR EXCHANGE, NEAR. LOS GATOS, - A
" choice orchard bom* for good clear property in
San Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
GutOS, Ci. " " ■ -■'.-.- ■. - -
END OV R Ll»i' OF OKCUAUJJ HO Mid
0 tor sale. WOOSTKR it WHITTON. s«n J(v»s.
1 t )<l\ AtKKS IH.hKK LAND. KKKN CO.;
I^OU w»ts>r: tine for rar —rr.lnn--'. N..bx.l6,Catl
PHYSICIANS.
T-\il, C. UO'DONNKm ISO 6 MARKET, c6ST
XJ Golden Gate aye. -.diseases of women a specialty.
I kON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051. Market St.: his 30 years' ]
snecessf oi practice is a guarantee of fair tre-tmwu;
lii» went cases treated satisfactorUr by mati.
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
l MßS l EN'^s~"ca,^"_iK^A_' l " ; _STATK'
• AGENT.-, 14 Montgomery su, near Market.
A FEW UNUSUAL BARGAINS.
fflJl 77 P\ CORNER BAY-WINDOW COT-
<£)X I l»). im and lot; cose to -Mission St.;
contains 6 rooms:' large basement, etc. ; cblckeu-
houses, stable, etc.: lot i.'6xlou.
©^QAfV SUTTiJR-ST. CORNER: BUSINESS
<tS>OO\J\J. location: suitable for 2 stores and
several flats: Improvements; 10-room house and
lot 4^:3x57:6: ruor.gage of 44100 can remuia for
3 years if desired.
CnQXfj BUSH ST.; DOWNTOWN: N.
i^n ' side of Btre «*t: cottage and lot 22:11 x
100 to rear_street; mortgage of 92500; new im-
provements would yield haiiaaomely.
© QC^vA °°LDEX GATE AYE.: OPPOSITE
«JPOOilVf. Jefferson Park, cose to Gou«{h St.;
rent $70 per month: two 2-story bay-window
houses of 7 rooms and bath each; large lot, 30x
137:6. ,
Call and obtain one of our Real state Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. __
G. H. UMBSEN <t C >. 14 Montgomery St.
COOTBV REAL ESTATE.
J ""ARMING THAT PAYS— 6O CWT. HORSE
X beans per acre, -/5 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, 1500 buthels onions per
sere are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate: richest land in California: in tracts from
5 acres up: also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't bur
poor land; the best is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, San Lula Obispo Co., cal.
TO RENT — SATHEB RANCH, CONTRA
X Costa County, on san Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley; 1160 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. R. E. ROW-
LAND, Orlnda Park. ■
1 ABGAIN — RANCH PLEASANTLY SITU-
' ated in tne foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa: suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken -farm: large bouse and barn:
stock, tools, etc For particulars address P. O.
box 239, Napa, Cal. f .
L OR SALE, SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
X and favorable bond, at reasonable figures, four
quartz claims and 160 acres gravel. Address
Mines, box 66, Placervllle.
rpo LEASE— 6B6 ACRES, BAY POINT BTA-
X tion, Contra Costa. MISSNEELY. 1614 Bush.
rpo RENT— ORCHARD WITH NICK
x house ana burn: fronting the Oakland and swi
Leandro electric road; also a lanr* tract of land
In the hills. DRIVKR, ABCR & CO.. San
Leandro, Alamedic County.
\\r ANTKD— TO RENT, RANCH WITHIN 100
»» miles of san Francisco; 30 to 80 acres: part
fruit. Address M. J. CARLSON, Memo, lai.
A SSIGNEES SALE. !
-TV 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pieasanton, Alameda County; I^s hours
from San Francisco; in tracts 01 10 acres upward; I
from $20 per acre. Boom 67, chronicle building,
ban Frun> iaco •. , • .
ANCH WANTED TO RENT: ABOUT 20
acres, with small bouse, not over 10 miles
from »an Jose. Give terms, etc to W. T. A., box
9, Call Place. '
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOrt
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ITTLE HOMES, CLO=<K To TOW*. iM-
XJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 6.12 Market St.. a F.
TT OFGOOD LAND IN TULARK
XX county, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or Man Francisco. Address A, box 87
C*U OlEce. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAX ESTATE.
ARGAIN; $250; CHICKEN RANCH : LARGE
stock poultry and pigeons; with improve-
ments; long lease. Inquire postofßce for LOUIS
ACS' place, Upper Froltvale.
ILL BUILD COTTAGES: FIRST CASH
puymeni $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed in Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. L. a. SAUSBI BY, 902 Broadway.
C?l (\(U\ LE 8 THAN VALUE. ~~
«2>IUUU Pric* «23U0: lot 100x120: comer: 3
blocks to electric 'cats a:id local station; cottage 4
rooms; almost new: terms S7OO cash.
s*Boo— cost $2700: cottage 6 rooms; bath: nearly
new; modern throughout: street work and im-
provements complete; near school: electric cars
and Ural; $'.00 cash, balance mortgage; first
come, first served.
$1000 discount; price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms. 2 flats; modern; lot 45 ft front,
on principal street, near business center; this is
a rare bargain ;eelng Is believing; call and ex-
amine.
$10,000 discount: business corner. 100x100; half
improved: the corner lot is vacant; present in-
come, $960 per annum; must be s"lo; auy offer
above mortgage, 5,400, accepted; $3000 cash
J. S. MYERS,
' • ■ IQOa Broadway. Oa.land.
«{ 1 t\(,f\ KABY Tt-RMS; A BARGAIN;
rS>X%J\j\J. chicken ranch: 4-room house; well
pood water: 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. p. 10DU.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
V bi'DiCIALTY la '
HOUSE-BENTING IN
_ _ OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room bouse. ■ .'s2s
1-story modern 6- room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MOKK.
WM. M. DeWOLK, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH ANIX
Washington sts., Oakland; a few choice suites
can now be obtained; tahle unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability. - .
OAKLAND FURNITURE. FOR SALE.
\\TEAR DIAMONDS ti\ Pal KUS IZING H
TT SCiIKLLHAAS. furniture -dealer. 1 Ith.Oattlrt
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENrS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
AI.A3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
<5:9J 9*o. cash. $25 mo^thlyTnev?
«ip_,-iuv/. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 60x,
125. situated close to Bay-st. station.
9*27so— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
th. now build. as: your terms are our*.
$26>)O— Collage of 6 room 4 and bath; pretty
garden; close to Cliestnui-st station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home: easy
terms. :
special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUBE
A KEMiiEL, Bay-su station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
■ San Francisco office, 628 Market st.
i3?V>^n DEDUCED FROM $BUOO FOX THE
iiP>j£.Kj\J, next 10 days only, that beautiful
new bouse of 7 large room*, laundry and bath,
south side of Central aye., near Oak st.: nickel-
plated plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement basement, etc.; see tins: open far iriapec-
tlon. v. a. M. OKAY, 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
HiU^Hl LOT B 0xl60; GOOD LOCATION ;
«IPUUU. easy terms.
$1300—33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100—60x150: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—60x160; house of v rooms and bath.
1 BE*T LOCATION. - ■ : • :
To exchange for San Francisco property: bouse
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda: office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Laud Company,
1500 Park St.. A amwda. ■
rpWO FLATS, 6 ROOMS EACH; LOT SOxlliO;
J northwest corner: streets improved; net In-
come, *38 per month: price, $3750; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. IRl>, real es-
tate «nd Insurance. 1303 Park »t., Aliimeda, (M, -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.' >
G> 9 OA fl r^E A S' THE ST ATION r»TK EET
i?--Ul», work : all done; house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc; lot 45x125; a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley, adjoining bank. . .
OOt» HU.MK4 iUK hh.\ UK IOH SAU
VJ on easy term*. O. O. MAY A CO.. leal es:at«,
bulldinc nn'l loans. 81351 Center »r.. K»«ri<-|(»\-.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
oV^ENT^ifEWLY^ FURNISH KD COT^
tagn 5 rooms, bath and gardeu, 920. : 1982
Berkeley way. East Berkeley.
PROPOSALS. ~
PROPOSALS-BIDS "wi ; ._"BERECEIVED AT
X the office of the Registrar of Voter*, City Hall
for the printing or the Precinct Keglstera to he
used at ihe election to be held November 3, 1896
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14, 1896-
All bids will be opened at a meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 21st day
01 September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accomp tnied by a certified
checK. payable 10 the oider Of tbe chairman of the
Board of Election Comroiisloners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars (SSuOU).
W. M. HINT 1 i:enistrarof Voters. :
LEGAL NOTICES.
TyfoTICE TO^RKDITO KS — ESTATE ~F
Xi SARAH L. ADDIbON, deceased. Notlre is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER F.
TILLMAN, administrator of the estate of SARAH
L. ADDISOX. deceased, to the creditors of. and
all persons bavins 1 laims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with tue necessary vouch-
er*, within four month* after the first publication
of this uoHce.to the said administrator, WALTER
F. TILL.MAN', at room aa. Crocker building, in
the city and county of San Francis tbe sum ■ be-
lnir his place lor the transaction of the business of
tbo said estate In the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California.
WALTER F. TlLLMAN, administrator of the
estate of SARAH L. A DDISON, deceased.
1 Dated at San Francisco, August Si. 1896-
MONEY TO LOAN.
Qi nn ( Wirr^ -owest : rates:" C IT
tjplUU.wvU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; nnv sum.
A I N \V ALP, BUCKBEK<tca. 218-220 Montgy
A DVAXCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWH.LKr
bTOKK, 848 Market st.: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT INTKK.
«-st per month for each $1000; name rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box ii. Call,
VI ONEY LO AS Kit ON JKWjiiLK^' ANO
i>i other valuables at the Security ■ Loan OlHc%
lllitiMarketst..nr. Mason: prlvxte entrance 7 Tur£.
1 \IRKCT ON YOUR FL'BM'l OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: so commissions: low
interest Rm. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market su
<EMFv /|AA OK less to LOAN on CITY
<g)rlO. \J\J\.t. Improved real estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
NY AMOUNT; IST. 'lit or 3D MUUTUAUK4;'
xtL estates, nndlvided interests, real estate In on*.
bate. McC'OL<iAN. 24 llomcomerv. room 3.
T OANS ON FURMIURE AND PIANOS
without removal: low Interest. R. 3, '-'15 Powell
\ DVANCESONDiA MON ELK 1 . 2Eu
f\ Colombia Loan it Collateral Office, 9 iira.:n av>*.
fi;Xn UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D 8IOKT-
<S)«-)U gages: int. in estates. MURPHY.62B Mrict
AVINOS BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. ROOM
615, Safe Deposit building, San Francisco.
MONE\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
MoK'. /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
T OANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
J J 24 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
WISE ANd'baVE INTEREST; "MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and se-
curlty ofllce, r. 7, 1-loodbldg : entrance 80» Mku
AT 126 KKARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates;
private room«: elevator: nledges for sale oh»ap.
- . - ■. FINANCIAL. T~.
€! 1 fit} finn to LOAN as LOW AS BAN
vPX\J\J.yI\J\J Apply rm 2J2, Cal.safe Dep.Bldg.
TYPEWRITERS.
CA LI GRAPH." $T5 : REMINUTO N?
\J & BAN NAN. 333 Montgomery su
THE DiVOßt't; RECOiti).
Complaints ■
Mary G. Baldwin against D. N. Baldwin.
Marie L. Langwiu against Henry E. Langwln.
Divorces granted:
Marie S. bchafer from John F. Schafer, for con-
viction of felony ; by judge Troutt.
C. F. Wood row from K. T. Wood row, for deser-
tion: by Judge Troutt. -
E. Price from Arthur B. Price, for desertion: by
Judge 'Promt.
Amalie Butenschon from Oscar C. Butenschon.
for cruelty: by Jud,-e Uebbard. Plaintiff allowed
$40 per month alimony.
UKTite— IIAKMAUES— MA 11H
TBlrth, marrlasc and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They mus be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have tha same published.]
BORN.
HA YES— In this city, September 14, 1898, to the
wife of H. G. Hnyes, a daughter.
KNIEF— In this city, September 12, 1896, to the
wife of Henry Knlef. a son.
LEVY— In this city, September 17, 1896, to the
wife of Lou's Levy, a duu«ii:er. • ■
WISE— In this city, September 17. 1896, to the
wife of Carl Wise of s»n M.ueo, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BENJAMIN— In this city. September
15, 18yi5, Charles JK. benjamin and Martha C.
Krause.
WISWKLL-DOYLE— In Chicago, 111., August
19. 1896, Thomas C. Wiswell of Maine and Hes-
aie 1.. Doyle of Oakland. . .
— _______ „_
•UIJiD.
Burke. Thomas J. . Henderson, Miss A. B.
Busse, Mrs. Jennie Kin?. John D.
Davis, Elizabeth M. Slclnernoy, Mary
Callagban. Thomas McKee. Mary
Cunningham, Etma V. MoNamara. Mary
Finn. Simon Marks, Hannah
Gurcla, Maria H. Maurhan, f'rei
Gooby, John Moiher, Mrs. Elsie J.
Hays, Clara O'Reilly, imvld
Hellstrom, Erik O. Otts, Mrs. Winnie
■ i . Striker. John
BUP.KK— In thlscitv. September I«, lB93.Thorn as
James, dearly beloved son of Bart and Lizzie
Burke, a native or Virginia City, Nev., aged 4
years 3 months and 19 days. [Virginia City
papers please copy.j
' «3"The fnnerat wilt take place TrtlH DVY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from the late resi-
dence. 1 20 Halght street, Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUBS*E— In this city. September 15, 1898. Mrs.
Jennie Russe (nee Go-carty). a native of the par-
ish of cruisetown. County Meatb; Ireland, aged
65 years. i
Js9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tue funeral TO-MORIIO v-
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. *.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy <& Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to Sacred Hear; Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. *.
DAVIS— In this city. September 18. 1838, Eliza-
beth M. Davis, wife of Jacob Z. Davis, a native of
Pennsylvania, a;ed 58 years.
£9~Friends received st the family residence,
40m Post street, from 9 to 10 :;<u clock a. m.,
THIS DAY (Friday). Funeral private. No
flowers.
CAI LAGHAN— In this city, September 16. 1896,
m Thomas Callagbun, a native of Ireland, aged 61
years.
CUNNINGHAM— In Oakland, September 17.
1898. Elma V. Cunningham, bnlovcd mother of
William A , Frank and May Cunningham, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 42 yearj 3 month* and 8
drys. ;.■.,-, :.
FINN— In this city, September 16, 1896, Simon,
beloved brother of John, Patrick and .Mary Finn,
Mrs. Julia Walsh of Wakefleld. Mas-., and Mr*.
Bridget Brown, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land. need 47 years.
Remains at the undertaking parlors of
McGinn Broa., 31 Eddy street.
GARCIA — In this cltv, September 17. 1896. Maria
Helena, beloved daughter of K. and Garcia,
and sister of Therese and Charley Garcia, a na-
tive of ban Francisco, aril 11 months and 18
days.
GOOBY— In Portland, Or., September 15, 1893.
John, beloved son of John and Mary Gooby, and
brother of Mamie, Bessie. Willie and Harry
Gooby and Mrs. H. Boyle, a native 01 Alameda,
Ca!.. aged 27 years.
»s~Frtenrt* and acanaintancn* are respect-
fully invited to ~ attend the funeral service*
TO-MORROW (Saturday), at 9;3U o'clock *. if
at the residence of his parents, 1714 Webuer
street, Alameda. thence 10 Si. Joseph's Church
Alameda. Interment private, St. Mary's Ceme*.
tery.
HAYS— In this city. September VS. 1896, Clara
Hays, beloved wife of K. I- Hays, mother of
Viola Hays, daughter of Mrs. Matthews, and
sister of Mattie Matthews and Mr*. Ollle Kane,
a native oi Kansas, aged 18 years 2 mouths and
1 day.
fly Friends and nrqulantances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerAl THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her mother, Mrs. Matthews. 9 Clara street.
thence to th» Mirpuli Presbyterian » hurch, Har-
rison street, near Fifth, where services will be
iie:a. Interment J. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HELLSTROM— In this city, September 16, 1896,
Krik Gustaf Hellstrom. - native or Sweden. ageJ.
- $5 years and 22 days.
HENDERSON— In Oaicland, September IB 1896,
' Miss Amanda H.Henderson, sister of Thomas
N. Henderson, and aunt or tne Aliases Frances
and Flora Colby.
aS-Funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at *3
o'clock p. m., from 48» Twenty-fifth street.
Friends are invited.
KING— In Healdsbursr. Cat.; September 18, 1896,
John D. King, aged 24 years. .
McINERNEY— In this city, September 16, 1896.
Mary Mclnerney, beloved «ist-r of the late LuKe
and Peter Kelly, a native of Kings County, Ire-
land, KM 45 years.
jKSTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKKE— in this city, September 17,1888, Mary
McKue, a native of Ireland, aeed 63 years. '
MoNAMAKA— In this citr. September 14. 1896,
Mary McNamara, a native of san Francisco, age.l
23 y^aru. . .
MARKS— In this city, September 16. 1839. Han-
nah -Marks, relict of the late Jacob Marks, and
beloved mother Of Mrs. M. J. Franklin, Mr*. G.
I. Raycbester and M. Marks, a native oi Kxin,
Prussia, as;ed 92 years.
45r*Friends and acquaintance'? are r«snr:'.-
fully Invited to auend the funeral THIS DAY
( Friday at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 153ri FoUom street, near Twelfth, thence
by 11 : hit o'clock a.m. train v Hills of Eternity
Cemetery far interment.
MATJRHAN— In Oakland, September 15, 1893.
Fred Maurhan, a native of Oat. and, aged 16
years.
MOTHER— In Oakland. September 17, 1898. Mrs.
Elsie J. Moiher. mother of HA H. W. Sleepir.
a native of Penna/lvanla, aged 67 years '&
months and 2 days.
O'RKILLY— Id this city. September 17.1896,
David, beloved husband of the iat9 Catherine
O'Reilly, and father of Patrick, Francis. Mary.
Katie, Celia, lizzie and the late William
O'Reilly, a native of Dublin, ireUu J. aged 59
years.
OTTS— In this gitv. September 16, 1896. Mrs.
Winnie Ottn, beloved mother of. William, Arthur
and Fred Oils, a native of Ireland, aged 41 years
4 months an 1 3 days, j
STRIKER— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 17, 1893. John striker, aged 63 years.
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS t EMBALMKRS
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
% Telephone 3080, ■
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city : non-sectarian : in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled, orhce iiW Marlcsi
street, southeast corner «' sixth.
1314
TO BUMP PHELAN
AGAINST RAINEY
Kid-Gloved Anti-Raineyites
Will Run "Jimmy"
To-Night.
BUT SAM ISN'T EXCITED.
A Night Caucus at Which the
Junta Minority Talked of
Another Struggle.
COLIN BOYD ON THE SIATE.
Rainey's Platform Snubs the W men
and Boycotts All the Buckley
Candidates.
Rainey's municipal convention "will
aSord a tug of war to-night between
James D. Phelan and Colin M. Boyct, ac
cording to the indications at midnight.
There was a caucus last night of some
of the kid glove anti-Raineyites at the
State Central Committee rooms, at which
these "kindergartners" talked their cour
age to the sticking point and decided to
give Mr. Rainey another tussle to-night.
That is very kind of them, as it will give
Rainey, Lanigan, Greaney, Maxwell and
the rest of the Mint and Fire Department
gang a little entertainment and make
their "cinch" in the convention the surer.
Rainey displayed a majority of 165 in
the convention on Tuesday evening when
C. A. Reynolds defeated Eugeue N. Deu
prey for temporary chairman. His ma
jority was largely made up of the strength
of the "anarchists" who Btoodsolialy with
him. McNab, Popper, Sullivan, Has
sett and the rest of the anti-Raineyites
threw up the sponge, quit and said noth
ing. The first gleam of hope returned to
them last night at the California Hotel
caucus. It was rigured out that enough
independent anarchists and stray votes
could be now switched from Rainey to
overcome his majority. At the caucus
were Gavin McNab, M. C. Hasaett, W. P.
Sullivan, Charles GilOea.W. J.Biggy.FranK
P. Hughes, Clltus Barbour and others.
It was officially stated that Mr. Pnelan
would accept the nomination if it were
secured for him, and it was argued that
the Non-Partisan indorsement couid prob
ably be secured for him. The game was
recognized to be worth a herculean effort,
and these people decided that unless some
of their calculations on votes should be
upset to-day Phelan' s name should be pre
sented to the convention.
The caucus had no official reports from
the stable as to what Mr. Rainey had been
doing since Tuesday night and what he
might be doing to-day.
There are no indications that the pro
gramme of the Raineyites to nominate
Colin M. Boyd will be changed. The
Raineyiies would vote for Max Popper as
quickly as they would for Mr. Puelan, the
kid-gloved aristocrat, wno carries his nose
pretty high, scorns tne "push," and wno,
they say, "would ' Roosevelt" the town if
the new charter is adopted.
It is the decision on the four-year term
question that has made possible this new
uream of bearding Sam Rainey in his own
convention. Ihe "anarchists," represent
ing about eighty votes in the conven
tion, were won by Rainey through com
binations on certain nominations
which will not now be made. John F.
McGovern, secretary of the General Com
mittee, who is a business man on Third
street of good standing and character, was
conceded ttie nomination for County Clerk
for one thing, and other promises of
place and patronage helped buy the
banded anarchists who held the balance
of power. The Supreme Court decision
wrecked these -combinations, and yester
day everybody was at sea as to what new
combinations and deals would be formed.
It was seen, however, that Rainey and Lani
£an had the convention anyway and that
with the prestige of the victory and his
skill at convention work, Rainey's rule of
the convention was certain. All sorts of
things may happen, but if Odd Fellows'
Hall will not be a slaughter-house for
Phelan, if his name is presented to-night,
many prophets on the '•inside" are fools.
The Rainey-Lanigan people were busy
as nailers yesterday and last night, and
they are generally understood to be a
match for the kindergarten bosses of the
opposition.
Rainey's platform committee, of which
Alex T. Vogelsang is chairman, met at
the Flood building headquarters last night
and got the platform out in the rough.
One of the first planks adopted was a
strong one providing that no nominee of
the Buckleyites should be accepted. A
minority opposed this, and then some
members wanted an exception made of
the judicial nominations. Friends of Jo
seph Leggett, who is on the other ticket
for Superior Judge, of Dr. W. J. Gavigan,
who was nominated for Police Judge, and
of one or two other candidates tried hard
to get this exception made, but failed.
Another effort will be made in t..e conven
tion.
Charles Wesley Reed laughingly offered
> yew to-pat: _^
V* Jamaica
Ginger
• lias maintained its
reputation for 75 years
as the most efficacious
remedy for all com-
plaints of the stomach.
Soothing in action, it
quickly banishes pain
of every nature; stimu-
lating in effect, it
greatly benefits the
system without reac-
tion. Keep it by you
in case of emergency.
Ask for Fred Brown's.
Sold everywhere.
kULD IiUQW'X CO., Philadelphia. •
a woman-^uffrage plank, but it didn't get
a vote. The Buckleyites unqualifiedly in
dorsed the cause.
The A. P. A. and the. State Board of
Equalization were denounced, and three
pledges ior Supervisors were adopted.
One was a highiy revolutionary one; re
quiring Supervisors to bind themselves^to
keep the City Hail clean. Another re
quired auction of trancbises and the third
the prohibition of garba»e-carts in the
streets in day time, while on the matter of
municipal purity it wasdecided to indorse
the Board of Health.
The committee decided to go trie Buck
leyites one better in playing to the
bicyclists. A plunk not only champions
their baggage tight and declares for t»ood
streets and so on, but it demands the pav
ing of Market street with bitumen, the
lighting of Golden Gate Park and good
highways throughout the Siate.
A charter plank was put in, too, remark
able us it may seem. The plank, however,
turns out to be a recommendation that
voters study the charter and vote on it as
they think best.
The taxation plank was referred to a
sub-coniniittee consisting of Charles Wes
ley Reed, Isidor Jacob*, J. A. Spinetti.
Hugo K. Asher and M. O'Brien, who will
talk it over with Auditor Broderick to-day.
The entire committee will meet at Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30 o'clock tnis evening.
The convention may become a lively
and highly entertaining one to-night. It
depends on the "nerve" of the anti-
Kanipyites after the day has given its in
dicsitiuns.
Samuel Braunhart was to have been
nominated for benator in the Seventeenth
District at Irish-American Hail, but there
was not a quorum of delegates prespnt,
and the convention adjourned. Braun
hart seems sure of victory, but the Rainey-
Lanigan-Daggett forces are fighting hard
to down him with John Coglihn, and the
Jack of a quorum was attributed to their
efforts.
McKINLEY OR PALMER?
Why Sound-Money Democrats De
clined Honors. "
The Palmer and Buckner campaign,
which has just begun in California, has
furnished at its inception a striking illus
tration of the Democratic landslide to Mc-
Kinley.
The committee in charge of the electoral
ticket has had to change it because some
of the nominees are out-and-out McKinley
men. They decline the honor of places on
the ticket because they believe that the
sound-money cause and the interests of
the people generally will be best served
and the defeat of the anarchistic captors of
their party most surely effected by Mc-
Kinley's election.
One of tnese is William F. Detert of
Am ador County, and in his place Tno«nas
B. Bond of Lakeport has been named.
Another one is William J. Hunsaker of
Los Angeles, ana this vacancy has been
filled by naming L. B. Hakes of San
Diego. Jeremiah Lynch has taken the
place of John Herman of San Francisco
and Robert Y. Hayne is named instead of
J. J. Valentine, who is out of the State.
The ticket of electors now stands as fol
lows:
Clay W. Taylor, Shasta.
Thomas B. Bond, Lake.
James K. O'Brien, Yuba.
John Rosenfeld, San Francisco.
Jeremiah Lynch, San Francisco.
Charles Anderson, Santa Barbara.
John Roth, Tulare. - , , £
Robert Y. Hayne, San Francisco.
L. B. Hakes, San Diego.
'The Palmer and Buckner ticket is not
intended for Democrats who are willing
to vote lor McKinley, but for the many
Democrats whose party prejudices are so
deepseated that they will not vote the Re
publican ticket and who would gladly
support a ticket representing true Demo
cratic principles.
"Day after day," said Secretary Elliott
McAllister yesterday, "we receive in in
creasing .numbers expressions of gratifi
cation at our putting the ticket in tne field
from Democrats who would otherwise vote
for Bryan." *
Ten paid canvassers were out in this City
and Oakland yesterday soliciting signa
tures to the big petition necessary to file
with the Secretary of State. Members of
the committee also carry blank petition?,
and many have been sent to interior
workers.
The literary committee is busy, and next
week a bie and varied supply of campaign
literature will be ready for distribution.
The leaders have decided to carry on a
vigorous campaign and able sound- money
Democrats will soon appear on the hust
ings. '?'>o".;><
»
BUCKLEY RATIFICATION.
A Bigr One Will Be Held Some Day
Next: Week.
The executive committee of the Buck
leyites considered the big ratification
meeting of the party last night. It had
been set for last Wednesday night and
then postponed to allow the Silverites to
use Metropolitan Hall for their mass-meet
ing of that evening.
The date was not fixed last night, as it
was not known what evenings next week
Metropolitan Hall could be secured.
Joseph I. Dimond, the candidate for
Mayor, will be the principal speaker of
the eveninz and all candidates will spe;ik
briefly, pledging support to the platform.
A quartet will help vary the proceedings
and a band and bonfires will help whoop
things up. It was decided last night to
require of every candidate a written
pledge to live up to the promises of the
platform if elected.
Secretary D. M. Gavigan served on
Registrar Hinton yesterday the alternate
writ of mandate granted oy the Supreme
Court. Mr. Hinton expressed a desire to
see the leeal que*tion speedily determined.
Garret McEnerney, attorney for the Elec
tion Commissioners, will probably conduct
the case in opposition to the Buckleyites.
FOR McKINLEY.
Scandinavian Republicans Loyal to
Their Adopted Country.
At the regular meeting of the .Scandi
navian Republican Club last Tuesday
evening the following communication was
unanimously ordered transmitted:
To the Honorable the Chairman of the Republi
can State Committee of the Hate of Maine—
Greeting: We bet? leave to offer to you the
most heartfelt congratulations, and ihrouKh
you to the Republicans oi the State
of Maine, for tne most glorious vic
tory achieved at the polls yesterday, ior
protection, jjood povernment and sonnd
money. This victory means the election In
November next of our most distinguished and
honest citizen of the United States. Maior
William McKinley. J
In the exuberance of our joy we cannot keep
silent, but must rejoice with you that once
again at the polls In November next we shall
place In oflice those who have been tried and
not found warning, tne party oi the people
for protection. and equal rights for all. Lei
us shout for McKinley and home and asains*
Mr. Bryau, his free silver and tariff for reve
nue only.
We have had experience and experi
ments enough of the last Democratic ad
ministration, which has cost this Nation
two hundred and sixty odd millions
of bonds. We would say to the patriotic
sons of Maine, go on as you did to gallantly
and nobly yesterday. Let us all who love pro
tection and our homes go to the polls touch
ing elbows as of old, vote for McKinley and
Hobart and the wnole Republican ticket, and
the people will be happy and prosperous.
PHCENIX CLUB.
The Drill Corps Paraded In Their I
Gay Uniforms.
Andrew Branch addressed the Phoenix
Club in Scottish Hall last night on the is
sues of the day and made a convincing ar
gument on the vital necessity for protec
tion. The drill corps in their new |
uniforms tnrned out for drill, and were
applauded for the neat manner in which
they executed the marching evolutions.
Abe Friedlander tola some funny stories,
Miss Ella Ellis sang some topical songs
and the National Quartet and the Phoenix
Quartet gave a touch of their quality.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1896.
REPUBLICANS OF
THE WEST END.
Magnificent Popular De
monstration at the
Chutes.
ELOQUENCE AND SONG.
Masterly Address on Protection
by Ex-Governor George
C. Perkins.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT SPEAKS.
The Democratic Party Is Hauled Over
the Coals by the Hon. Eugene
F. Loud.
Persuasive and impassioned eloquence,
music whose sound stirred all the sensi
bilities of patriotic bouls, the leaping,
dancing flames of great big bonfires and
the starry raaiance of countless incandes
cent lights — all combined to render last
night's Republican rally at the Chutes a
truly grand affair.
The occasion was the first public de
monstration of the West End Republican
Ciub and its members certainly did them
selves proud. About 5000 persons were
present, the proportion of ladies being
very large, and the big Casino was barely
large enough to hold half of the great
assemblage.
The interior of the building was elab
orately decorated, flags, festoons and
shields adorning the walls ana roof,
while the cornices were outlined by row
after row of electric lights in various
colors.
On the staee sat the Hon. George C. i
Perkins, the Hon. Eugene F. Loud, the '
Hon. George A. Knight and a number of
other prominent visitors, besides the fol
lowing committees of the club:
Executive <ommittee — C. O. Burton
(chairman), M. M. Stern (vice-chairman),
Hon. J. H. Aitken, Alva Watt. E. O.
Tuttle and Lyman Mowry. Finance com
mittee — General E. S. Salomon, Dr. C. D.
•Salfield, D. S. Crittenden and C. E. Me-
Gowan. Reception committee — C. O.
Burton, M. M. Stern and Hon. J. H. Ait
ken.
Mr. Stern, who is the Western Addition's
choice lor Supervisor from the Twelsih
Ward, and Ben 1. Salomon deserve much
of the crt-dit tor the admirable order and
smoothness which characterized the entire
affair.
Mr. Salonv n in a graceful address of
welcome called the vast as-embly to order.
He said he had always believed that Re
publicanism was strong in the Western
Audiiion, but now the veriest skeptic
would have to acknowledge the fact. He
said he would leave speech-making to tne
club's distinguished guests, but before in
troducing them would assure the audience
that they would hear the cream of Repub
lican logic and eloquence.
Mr. Perkins was introduced amid much
applause. He paid a compliment to the
committee on arrangements for the bril
liancy and ta^te displayed in the d cora
tions and the general harmony apparent
among the Republicans of the Western
Addition.
"We have lately heard good news from
the Green Mountains of the East," he
said. "The old State of Vermont promises
a Republican majority of 40.000, while
Maine jroe9 her 10,000 bettar. The people
oi the Union ana the people of California
are coming to the conclusion that the
Democratic regime is a well-proved
laiiure."
Mr. Perkins then gave a spirited and
Jucid exposition of some of tie principal
planks in the Republican party platlor'm,
notably the protective tariff doctrine. The
Gorman-Wilson tariff bill, for which he
said the Democratic party was responsible,
might be styled a bill for financial ruin
ana deficiency rather than for revenue to
the Government. He outlined the history
of the bill and its disastrous results upon
the National finances.
"tVe have the grandest country in the
world," concluded t&e Senator, "'"and all
we need is a wise administration. This
need can be repaired by means of the bal
iot-box. Free and unlimited coinage of
silver will not help matters. We would
only be injured by such a policy, and the
first to ieel the smart would be the la
borer, the mechanic, tne bone and sinew of I
the Nation."
Tne address closed with a glowing trib- |
ute of loyalty and regard to Major Me- I
Kinley, which called forth volleys of rap
turous appluuse.
The bn:id played "Hail Columbia" and
the California Quartette sang a stirring
campaign song, the refrain to which,
"That's Wi:at'« the Matter," was so cor
diaily applaud d that th- tuneful song
fters gav<? "Up Salt River."
Hon. Eugene Loud was the next speaker.
The Republican party, he said, was ready
and willing to meet and refute any false
issue which might be created lor the politi
cal telogL'ing of the people.
"The Democratic party," he continued,
"had better stop and look about a iittie.
It is hastening toward the hat-money
goal. It is trying to catch the vote of the
American people by promising them an
unlimited and illimitable Natiolal del
uge of silver. What this country
wants above all things is a return to the
system of protection to American indus
try which made us a great Nation. We
want a res oration of popular confidence
in the Government. This can be brought
about by the election of the Republican
Presidential nominee.
"McKinley is a man of whom the Na
tion may well be proud. [Tremendous
applause.] This man was nominated not
by rings, bosses or political plotters; he
was catted ior and i > is nomination de
manded by the voice of the Nation. This
is the man who will lea<l to victory the
I same grand party which saved the Union
in 1861." v
The quartet sang "McKinley's the
M»n" in fine style, giving as an encore
"Whom Shall He Be?"
Mr. Knight was received with an out
burst of applause. He had barely com
menced speaking when the lights went
out.
"Never mind the darkness," he criod
amid a general laugh; 'McKinley will
bring us out into the light."
"'lhe blacksmith, thu farmer and the
clerk," he continued, "should receive suf
ficient pay for their work in order to live
and raise thmr children in a manner
worthy of the dignity of American citi
zenship. The wage rates ol Europe or the
Orient cannot be allowed to Dreva.l here.
"Now, how can we keep up the honora
ble estate of American labor? Protection,
I assure you, is the only means. In the
early part of this century we were pro
| tecied by the ocean; but now the vast
expanse of water has been practi
cally get at naught by the 'ocean
greyhounds,' and we must look to National
right'and law for the protection, without
which our country will infallibly sink to
the industrial level of the Old World.
"When you get home," he concluded,
"I asK yon to think over the Democratic
party, its platform, its nominees and its
ways. You will find them unworthy the
serious consideration of intelligent Amer
ican cit zens."
Mr. Knight pave a sparkling satirical
description of the Wilson bill, which he
said was "sired toy John Bull and dammed
by America." [Laughter.]
- "We want confidence in each other, and
then money will not be lacking. If I had
Claus Spreckel9' note for $500 I would uoi
be afraid of coming to want in any city of
the world. We want our Government's
monetary medium to be as worthy of gen
eral confidence and faith a3 is an honest,
solvent man's note of hand."
The assemblage dispersed with three
cheers for the Republican nominees, after
which the gnests spent an hour or two
amid the attractions on the grounds.
YOUNG MEN.
Both Universities Are Out for Pro-
tection and Honor.
W. 8. Barnes will preside at the Young
Men's Republican meeting in the Audito
rium this evening. All the speakers will
be young men. They are as follows: D.
E. McKinlay, Republican candidate for
Presidential" elector; J. M. Oliver, presi
dent of the University of California Re
publican club, and J. M. Switzer, presi
dent of the Stanford University Repub
lican Club.
Tue Knickerbocker Glee Quartet will
sing selections.
The gallery will be reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
Just Convalescing: From a Very
Serious Illness.
Samuel M. Shortridge has been confined
to his room in the Palace Hotel for the
past ten days with a serious attack of sick
ness. He was able to leSvfr his bed yester
day for the first time and his physician is
confident that he will be able to go out
some time next week.
On account of his sickness Mr. Short
ridge has been obliued to cancel his many
engagements during, the past ten days to
speak In San Francisco, San Jose, Stock
ton and elsewhere.
German -American s.
The regular meeting of the German-
American Club will take place to-night at
413 Bush street. The programme which
has been arranged by the executive com
mittee will undoubtedly prove to be an
interesting one. A delegation from the
Teutonia Singing Society will be present
and will render several vocal selections.
The enrolling committee reports great
success in obtaining new members for the
club. All German-Americans who have
not yet signed the rolls will have the op
portunity to do so at to-night's meetiflt?,
and it is expected that a great many wil:
take advantage of the invitation to do so.
A large number of the German- Ame icans
in the club have hitherto been Democrats,
but they have concluded to vote for pro
tection, prosperity and patriotism and are
among the most ardent workers in the
Republican cause.
The executive committee will soon make
arrangements for a monster mass-meeting
of German-American Republicans, which
will undoubtedly be held at the Audito
rium.
Stratton Indorsed.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 17.— Uni
versity Students' Republican Club met
this afternoon and unanimously indorsed
Fred S. Btratton for Senator. "They also
indorsed Oliver, Easton and Waste for
dele, to the county convention, which
will be voted on at the primaries next
Saturday.
G. F. Remhardt '97 and Ralph Marshall
'97 were candidates on the anti-Stratton
ticket, but such strong pressure was
brought to bear against anything that op
posed Stratton that they withdrew from
the ticket.
A dele ation of probably 100 representa
tives from the Young Men's Republican
Club of Berkeley and the Students' Re
publican Club of the university will at
tend the rally to be held at the Audito
rium building in San Francisco to-morrow
evening.
* —
The Ironworkers' Meeting.
W. C. Johnson, a mechanic, will preside
at the ironworkers' mass-meeting in the
Auditorium tomorrow night. All hon
workers are cordially invited. The meet
ing will be addressed by Irving M. Scott,
who will show that it is for the interest of
every laborer and mechanic in the coun
try to vote for McKinley and protection.
Thirty-Seventh District.
The Republican Central Club of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District will
meet at Mowry's Hall to-night at 8
o'clock.
Paints and Oils in Flames.
An alarm was sounded through box 86 last
evening at 7:45 o'clock for a fire in Daniel
Fo!ey & Co.'s paint and oil establishment at
1804 Market street. The BtocK of goods was
damaged to tne extent of $1000. J. D More«n
owner of the building, places his loss at *'">so*" > 50*
It is presumed that a keg of oil catchinc lire
tnrouen spontaneous combustion caused the
damage.
NEW TO-DAY
A Carnival
f£ Bargains
j^^^^^k CDlflflV
%Sot*' ¥$W£t' AND
Tm mm
' t'^tll Uli WJ\" 3 a s P ec^ a^ * or wo days we
\ i IbIH/'^ 1 // have taken all our $12.50 new
x&M p% '/ Fall Suits and Overcoats, the.
Hi ' newest shades of Brown, Tan
1^ and Gray, in Single and Double
sH Breasted Sacks and Cutaway
k| Suits ; also our $12.50 line of
M ■ l ■ new Overcoats, in Blue, Black,
■ Tan and Gray Kersey, in all
4^r . * lengths. On special sale at
A better - grade of Suits C*Y\\cf\(Yi\
and Overcoats, regular |/1 * I^'**S
value $15 and $16.50 on ClOtllillS* GO.
special sale at O '
$ ■ m -. World- Beaters
j ' 'f\ for Overcoats,
*M- 34,36, 38 and 40 Kearny Street.
CROSS COMES TO
TEACH FOOTBALL
Stanford's New Coach Ar
rives Earlier Than
Expected.
WAS YALE'S CENTER.
Believes in Sparing the Men
From Too Hard Work at
First
HE WAS TAKEN FOR COBB3TT
Is Eager to See His Pupils and
Wants to Do Some Hunting
and Cycling.
Cross, the youn? giant of Yale, who is
to coach the Stanford football team, ar
rived here last night direct from New
York. It is not an exaggeration to call
him a giant, for he is six feet three inches
in height and weighs 222 pounds.
Harry P. Cross hails from Wakpfield,
R. 1., and was center rush on the Yale
team last year. Just before |graduation
this summer h» was voted t c second
best all-round athlete at Yale, Sheldon
having the first place.
During the football seasons of 1893 and
1894 he was center rush on the Yale sec
ond eleven against the great Stillman, the
phenomenal Varsity center up to 1895,
when he was graduated. For his whole
four years at Yale Cross was on the track
team as a hammer-thrower.
Dave Brown, the Stanford football
manager and coast champion mile runner,
had gone up the road to meet him and was
the only escort, for the exact date of the
coach's arrival was hot known to the men
at P lo Alto.
"I'm eager to get down as soon as pos
sible to see thosu fellows." was about the
first thing the new coach had to and
the next was: "Say, but this is tine air:
ought to be able to do great work out here.
I can't say just what I shall
do with the men until I see them,"
he continued, "but the main thing about
the training will be not too much work.
We must save our good men, and not do
them up early in the season. At first I
shall give them very light work, but no
gymnasium-work. All the exercise will
be out on : he field.
"1 want the men in condition before we
do much lining up.
"As to diet, the men should abstain to a
certain extent witliouta training-table un
til, perhaps, several weeks before the
game. The man that won't look out for
his own good without being watched has
no business training for football.
"Five positions to fill on the team?
Well, we must get out some good, lively,
heavy men for backs. I'll have those can
didates for fullback out kicking to-mor
row.
"From what I hear of the weight and
experience of the Stanford line I think
heavy line play will be the feature of our
game, particularly as the Berkeley line
will be made up pretty much of new men.
"On the way out I was taken for Corbett
and for Chovnski."
SOUND MONEY.
The League Decides to Keep It All
in Its Own Pocfcets.
The executive committee of the Sound
money League held a meeting yesterday
afternoon and dicussed the maierof the
disposition of the money collected thus
far. A motion was made to turn over the
money to the Republican State Central
Committee, but objection was made on
the ground that tne State Central Com
mittee might use the funds in advancing
the prospects of a candidate for the
United States Senatorship rather than in
the sound-money propaganda.
It was decided to keep the fund where
it was.
A Small B!uze.
Box 453 at 10 :25 p. m. was for a fire in a two
story dwelling at 4083 Army street, owned by
John Orr and occupied by E. Philpot. Loss
fSO. It was caused by carelessness with
matches.
NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS.
SACRIFICE^ RICES
FROM OUR GREAT ;
$300,000 CLOSING-OUT SALE
— — — — O JJ*
STYLISH DRY GOODSi CLOAKS!
Among the thousands of marvelous bargains that are making
our great sale so overwhelmingly popular will.be found the follow-
ing SPECIALS OFFERED FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY
AT EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS!
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
.a.* di.oo.
150 LADIES' CLAY WORSTED AND KERSEY JACKETS, in black, blue and brown,
broken sizes, worth $5; sale price to close out, $1.
At &X.50.
100 LADIES' KERSEY AND CHEVIOT JACKETS, in black and navy, boxfrontsand
some tight-fitting, 3-4 styles, worth $6; sale price to. close out, $l 50.
„ .A.* &22.00.
80 LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT JACKETS, assorted styles, two and three button
fronts, worth $7 50; sale price to close but, $2.
At S3. SO.
75 LADIES' RIPPLE CAPES, in black crepon. figured and plain silk and black Tel-
vet, fancy coiored lining and trimmed in lace, ribbon or silk ruching, worth $10;
sale price to close out, $3 50.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
A.* 25 Cents.
72 pieces 40-inch FANCY FIGURED SUITING, latest fall colorings, will be offend
at 25c a yard. * ;
At 4O Ooxxtai.
55 pieces 38-inch ALL-WOOL TUFTED DRESS GOODS, in Plaids and Checks, elegant
assortment of colorings, will De offered at 40c a yard.
A.t SO Conta.
43 pieces 40-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY FRENCH SUITING, two-toned colorings,
worth 75c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
JS^jt 75 Cents a. "fetzrei.. .
20 pieces of BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, neat designs, regular ralue $1, '
will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
A.t 73 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the very latest shadings, regular .
value $1, will be placed on sate at 75c a yard.
• . - .A-t 75 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces of FANCY STRIPED AND FIGURED ,TAFFETA SILK, regular value $1,
will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At SI.OO a Yard. "^
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SILK, on Satin and Gros-G-rain grounds, medium and
large designs, regular value $i 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
-A.t SO Cents.
40 pieces EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced from
75c to 50c a yard. • .
At 73 Cents.
25 pieces 52-inch ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH BOURETTE. reduced from $1 26 to
* 75c a yard.
At &1.00.
25 pieces 54-inch ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, reduced from $1 50 toll
a yard. ... . .
At SI.OO.
25 pieces inch ALL-WOOL CREPON CHEVIOT, reduced from $1 50 to $1 a yard. •
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
.A.* 35 Cents.
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black only, regular value $1, will be closets
out at 35c a pair.
At 73 Cents.
250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs, col-
ors and black, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair. . .- : . ..
At 78 Cents.
245 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black only, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at
75 c a pair. _ ' .
.At 9O Cents.
190 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons), colors and black, regular value
$1 50, will be closed out at 90c a pair.
| HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 1O Oezitm.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED SEAMLESS COTTON HOSE, fast black,
worth $2 per dozen, reduced to 10c a pair.
.At 2O Cents.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy, made
specially for boys' wear, worth $4 per dozen, reduced to 20c a pair.
At SO Cexxts
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced heels, double
toes, Hermsdorf dye, regular price 3 pair for $1, reduced to 20c a pair.
MEN'S UNDERWEAR
A.t SO Cents. • ■ r.\ :
250 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
shirts finished with silk binding and drawers with double-stitched taped seams,
pood value for 90c, will be closed out at 50c each. '
A* SO Cexxts.'
250 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR- UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
shirts fancy silk-stitched and drawers silk bound, good value for 90c, will be closed
out at 50c each. ; *'r
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
-At 8 Cexxts. .
No. 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RrBBON, assorted colors, value 10c,
will be closed out at 5c a yard.
At 7H Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colon,
value 15c, will be closed out >at 7}-jC a yard. - : •
LADIES' WAISTS.
A* 73 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS. laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy ■hades, ref
. nlar price $1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
At &1.00. ■■■>{-;;
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
-A* 28 i Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with in-
sertion cluster of tucks and ruffle of embroidery, regular price 60c will be closed
out at 25c. . ; ...
•At 83 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' CHEMI r '3S, made of heavy muslin, yoke of tucks and embroid-
ery, will be closed out at «sc.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH. FEATHER COLLARETTES, finest selected feathers and
best made goods, from $2 25 to $8 50 eacu.
BLACK GRAY AND WHITE OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, finest qualities, in 38,
45 and 54 inch, all at the lowest prices. . .
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54- inch, at $1, $1 50 and $1 75 each.
** STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENIHBS UMTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
/M/fH*^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ Martot Strßßl comer oi Mi /
OAJV FILAJNTOZfIiCO.