VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 66.
PORTLAND WOMAN
CONQUERS DEATH,
Emerges From a Trance
When Garbed for
Burial.
SAVED FROM THE GRAVE
Twice Pronounced Without Life,
but a Neighbor Prevents
Interment
HER BOD 7 RIGID AS A CORPSE.
She Awakens From a Week's Stupor
and Eagerly Pleads for
Food.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 4.— Mrs. Mary S.
Albertson, a young widow owning a small
dairy near this city, has unusual cause to
be thankful that she is alive. A grave had
been prepared for her, and but for the in
terference of a neighbor she would have
suffered a horrible death by suffocation in
a casket under six feet of earth. Twice
sbe had been pronounced dead by physi
cians and attendants, and all arrange
ments for her funeral were completed.
But she emerged from her deathlike
trance at last, and is now on the road to
recovery. Hers is a most remarkable case.
Mrs. Albertson was taken sick with a
mild attack of typhoid fever. Two weeks
ago last Sunday was the first time she
ventured out since her illness, and on that
day she came to this city to attend church.
That night she again was taken sick, and
her attending physician pronounced it a
relapse of the fever.
Mrs. Albertson continued to grow more
feeble from day to day, until 3 o'clock in
the morning of the 27th of July, when
she seemingly passed away. Preparations
were made to bury her on the 29th, but as j
her body was being placed in a casket the i
corpselike rigidity forsook it, and it be
came as limp as in life.
Frank Thurman, who had had many
years' experience as a hospital nurse in
Denmark, was present at the time, and he
opposed the burial of the woman under
those conditions. An electric battery was
applied to the seemingly dead woman. It
produced muscular twitchings and a hec
tic flush in her cheeks, but nothing more.
Tuurman, however, insisted that Mrs. Al
ucitMJi was in a trance, and his positive
refusal to allow the body to be innumed ',
until more conclusive evidences of death
became apparent almost created a row.
On Friday noon, while Thurman and a
friend, William Olsen, were gazing upon
Mrs. Albertson, who had been taken out
of the casket and placed back on her bed,
they saw a healthy color coming and go
ing in her face. Shortly after that her
fingers slightly moved, but the eyes re
mained closed. Dr. Vernon was sum
moned as quickly as possible, but when
he arrived the face had resumed its death
like pallor and the body was as rigid as
when he first declared that life had aban
doned it. The doctor remained in the
room a couple of hours, at the expiration
ot which time the phenomenon repeated
itself. The doctor had taken the precau
tion to bring his galvanic battery with
him, and this he at once utilized.
The effect was almost incredible. In a
half-minute Mrs. Albertson moved her
right arm, and pressing ncr hand to her
brow she uttered a low moan. This satis
fied Dr. Vernon that life was not extinct,
and the galvanic battery was applied
every hour or two on that and the follow
ing day without producing any more
satisfactory results. The last application
of the battery was made at 3 o'clock yes
terday morning, when Mrs. Albertson
opened her eyes and in a weak voice said:
"Oh, I'm so hungry."
Restoratives were close at hand, and
the battery was kept in operation for
another half-hour, when the woman,
without assistance, sat upright in her bed.
The occurrences of the preceding week
were a blank to her, excepting the placing
of her body in a casket. She says she was
conscious that she was to be buried alive,
but was unable to give any sign to escape
from that horrible fate. Within the past
The British Ship bathom and the American BarU Undaunted as Thevj Appeared Yesterday. Both Vessels Were Overdue and jPemsurance
Was Paid on Them. The GreW of the Lathom Rescued the GreW of the Dismasted British Ship QoWarvbank Off the jioru.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
twenty-four hours she] has been gaining
strength remarkably fast, and her pros
pects for a long career on this earth are
quite favorable.
OREGO N LAND SALES.
Patented Tract* of the Northern Pacific
Bid in by President Winter.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 4.— Three hun
dred and thirteen thousand acres of pat
ented and unpatented Oregon lands of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company were
sold at public auction at the courthouse
this afternoon for $538,000. These tracts
were bid in by President Winter of the
new company. There were no other bid
j ders at the sale. Ail previous sales have
already beeu coutirmed by the Federal
courts and the only sales remaining are
those covering the lands in Oregon and
Washington. President Winter says if
the sales are promptly coniirmed the re
ceivers should be ready to turu over the
property to the new company bn Septem
ber 1.
J. M. Hannaford has accepted the posi
tion of general traffic manager and Wil
liam H. Phipps that of lan«i commissioner
under the new company, these reuppoint
nients being announced this morning.
Identity of an .ibnndo>ied Vessel.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 4.— The report
brought by Captaiu Hobbs of the Nicar
aguan brig Salvador, that he sighted a
large four-masted ship in tow of the whale
back steamer City of Everett, southbound,
the tow Having lost her foremast, has
given rise to many conjectures among
shipping men as to the identity of the
abandoned vessel. The only four-master
that can be i eadily placed as the abandoned
vessel is the British bark Chelmsford, 2197
tons, Captain Thompson, from Grimsby
with a general cargo consigned to Meyer,
Wilson & Co. of this port. The Chelms
ford is now out 148 days, but owing to the
unprecedented long westward passages of
this season no fears have heretofore been
entertained as to her safety.
ALABAMA BLOOD FLOWS,
Populists Assail Democrats and
a Lively Fight Is the
Result.
During the Desperate Battle One Man
Is Killed and Several Are
Severely Wounded.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Aug. 4.— A special to j
the Enquirer-Sun from La Fayette, Ala., j
to-night says: News has just reached this
city by wire of a terrible tragedy which
occurred at Five Points, ten miles above
here, this afternoon in which one man was
killed and five others dangerously
wounded. It was a battle between Popu
lists and Democrats. George Cumpbee,
Democrat, was dangerously wounded;
Lem Satterwhite, Democrat, wai shot in
the hip; A. P. Trammel and two other
Trammels, Populists, were wounded.
A large posse from here has gone to the
scsne. A second posse from Roanoke has
»leo gone. A private message over t^\f
telephone from Five Points at 8 p. m., saj"S
that pistol shots are now ringing out on
the night air. The Democrats had been
to La Fayette to bring in the election re
turns and were on their way home when
they were met at Five Points by a crowd
of enraged Populists who attacked them i
and a general row ensued. The posse that
has gone to the scene is much enraged
and if the guilty Populists are appre
hended much blood will be shed. The
Cumpbee boys are sons of Rev. John
Cumpbee of this connty, and they are
sturdy, moral, upright men and are among
the best citizens of the county. They have
never been in difficulties of any kind be
fore.
ROBERT GARRETT'S WILLS.
Liberal Bequests Made by the Late Rcil-
road President and Banker.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Aug. 4.— The wills
of the iate Robert Garrett were made pub
lic to-night, and both instruments will be
probated to-morrow. One of the docu
ments was executed in Baltimore in 1883,
and makes his wife substantially hb sole
devisee and legatee. Ths other will was
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 5, 1896.
drawn in London in 1888, jnst after the
death of his brother, T. Harrison Garrett.
This document bequeaths $100,000 to each
of the three sons of his brother, T. Harri
son Garrett; $300,000 to his father-in-law,
William F. Frick; $30,000 to Charles Nitze,
the manager of the banking house of Rob
ert Garrett & Sons, and $20,000 to A. B.
Crane, for many years the private secre
tary of Mrs. Garrett. All the rest and
residue of the estate is given to his wife,
Mary Garrett, absolutely.
It is evident that the widow intends to
adopt the last one, although in derogation
of the will of 1883, as it makes specific be
quests to his brother's children and
others.
PEACE UNDER PROTEST.
Cleveland itrikers and Non- Union Men
Are Armed and a Conflict Is
Inevitable.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 4.— There has
been no actual outbreak yet, but every
thing gives promise that a fight may occur
|at any moment. What makes the condi
tion of affairs more serious is that many
of the strikers are armed and ready for
trouble whenever it comes.
A ready-for-an-emergency feeling per
vaded the air in the neighborhood of the
Brown Hoisting Works this morning.
There was peace, but it was peace under
protest, and peace that might be broken
at any time. A single overt act might
lead to bloody consequences.
At the time for beginning work 150 men
entered the works and proceeded to the
various shops. They were, of course, all
non-union men, and were strongly guard
ed to prevent intimidation. The strikers,
However, did not attempt to molest them,
contenting themselves with groans and
catcalls.
Every street within a radius of nearly a
mile is kept patrolled by the militia. The
locked-out men gathered in the streets in
the vicinity of the works were kept mov
ing by the police and soldiers. Many of
the latter were armed both with rifle and
revolver. Quite a large proportion of the
strikers also carried guns, and from the
threatening looks on their facet when or
dered to move on it seemed as if they
were longing for a chance to use their
weapons.
Itemed by the Jianker.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Aug. 4.— E. S.
Clouston, general manager of the Bank of
Montreal, was interviewed to-day regard
ing a Chicago dispatch which stated that
the Chicago branch of the Bank of Mon
treal had "raised a storm there" by open
ing a gold account against which had been
issued time certificates of deposit, the cola
obtained being shipped to Montreal lor use
there. Mr. Clouston said that there was
no basis whatever for this report.
The Willie Boy and the Farmer's Coat.
"The Apparel Oft Proclaims the Man/
RAGING STORMS
DELAYED THEM,
The Ship Lathom and Bark
Undaunted Arrive
Safely.
BOTH VESSELS DAMAGED.
Perilous Rescue of the Crew of
the Ship Gowanbank by
the Lathom.
OIL ON THE TROUBLED WATERS.
With Its Aid the Boats Were Lowered
and the Men Were Taken Off
the Sinking Ship.
Two more vessels of the overdue fleet
reached port yesterday. They were the
British ship Lathom, 175 days from
Swansea, and the American bark Un
daunted, 196 days from Baltimore. Both
vessels had terrible experiences off the
Horn, the Undaunted being 58 days in
getting round. Reinsurance was paid on
both vessels.
Beside a succession of heavy gales the
Lathom was the means of saving the
crew of the dismantled British ship Gow
anbank. Captain Campbell thus describes
the disaster:
"At 7a. m. April 23, while a fresh gale
was blowing from the west, with falling
barometer, ship reaching to south south
west on port tack under reefed topsails
and reefed foresails, we sighted a large
dismantled ship on starboard bow. She
proved to be the Gowanbank and was flying
signals for us to send lifeboats. lat once
reduced sail to lower topsails and had oil
poured over the side. That prevented
the waves from breaking and we suc
ceeded in lowering the port lifeboat. The
chief officer and six men went in it and
took a supply of oil with them.
"When the lifeboat got near the Gow
anbank the oil in the lockers was poured
gently over the side and again the waves
stopped breaking and the men were able
to get near the dismantled ship. Nine
men were taken off and landed safely on
the Lathom. The men on theGowanbank
then launched their damaged lifeboat and
five of them reached oar vessel in it. We
then made another trip and saved the
remainder.
"We were only just in time. A few
minutes after the boats were hoisted in it
began to blow a whole eale. It was ac
companied by blinding hailstorms and
high seas and gradually increased to a
hurricane. On April 30 one of the Gow
anbank's crew died and was buried at sea."
After rounding the Horn the Lathom
encountered heavy gales and hurricanes
from the westward, accompanied by blind
in? snow and hail. Everybody on board
suffered and some of the men were frost
bitten. On June 12 Valparaiso was reached
and the men from the Gowanbank were
landed. Ceptain Campbell is well known
here and is one of the most popular
masters that come to Ban Francisco. He
was here a couple of years ago in the
SHeve Donard, but went back to England
to superintend the building of the Lathom.
The Undaunted is well known in this
port, and Captain Lewis is an old-timer.
When last here the Undaunted was ship
rigged, but when she struck on the bar and
almost became a wreck she was changed
into a bark. She was sold at that time,
and is now owned on the Pacific Coast.
In speaking about his voyage Captain
Lewis said :
"From April 9 to May 23 we had nothing
but a succession of heavy westerly gales.
We could show nothing but our lower
maintopsails, and the vessel was driven
back all the time. On one occasion the
barometer fell to 27:20, and a hurricane
came up that lasted twenty-eight hours.
We were hove to under goose-wing main
topsail, and tremendous seas swept us
from stem to stern. Early one morning
a big sea broke aboard and washed away
forty feet of the bulwarks and everything
movable on deck. The forward house
was flooded and other damage was done.
"We sighted a ship four points on our
port bow. We passed an eighth of a mile
to windward of her, but owing to the
spray blowing, I could not see her hull
very plain. Her sails were all blown
away and we could see tne fragments
flying on the yards. Her mizzen yarda
were over aback, and apparently she was
making very bad weather.
"We sprung our lower main topsail yard
in the gale and had to fish it- On the
23d of May. in latitude 56 :40 north, longi
tude 72:50 west, took the wind from
N. NW., which tooJt us to 80:40 west,
thence to the equator fine weather, which
was crossed on the 7th of July in longi
tude 112 weßt, 138 days from equator in
Atlantic. I must say that we had the
hardest time from 50 to 50 that I ever
saw or heaid of, taking fifty-eight days to
make the distance. The old ship stood
it well and looks none the worse for her
drubbing off the Horn, and is still as able
to round the stormy corner as some of the
newer clippers. She kept tight through it
all and is open for inspection. From the
equator to port we bad the usual summer
weather. We were 196 days making the
run, and I'm tired out."
HEARD* LEV'S HUCCESSOB.
Either Bear- Admiral Ramsay or Com'
tnodore liewey.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 4.— A Herald
Washington special says: Although the
tour of duty of Rear- Admiral Beardsleeof
the Pacific station will expire this month,
it is understood that Secretary Herbert
will not relieve him until fall. Before
the Secretary's departure for Alabama the
question was raised as to the date when
Admiral Beardslee should be relieved, and
he decided that no orders for any change
should be made until after the fall maneu
vers. _
All gossip connects the name of Rear-
Ad-miral Ramsay, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, with the position of Admiral
Beardslee's successor. Commodore George
Dewey is also an applicant for the billet
and the general impression at the depart
ment seems to be that he will be given the
assignment. Commodore Dewey is now
president of the Board of Inspection
Survey.
E LECTRICAL ROMANUE.
A. Little Card That h«A to Wooing and a,
Wedding.
CAMDEN, N. J., Aug. 4.— Miss Laura
J. High, a young woman employed in the
incandescent light works in this city as a
packer, some months ago placed a card
containing her name and address in a
box into which she had packed a lot of
lamps.
This box proved to be destined ior
Chicago, and there the card fell into the
hands of William Lincoln, a young busi
ness man. There was correspondence and
photographs were exchanged. The couple
were married Saturday in this city by Rev.
C. F. Stinfield, a Methodist minister. They
have gone to Baltimore and Washington
on their wedding tour.
TRAINLOADS OF TRAMPS.
Leave Crime in Their Wake and Escape
the Prison*.
TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 4.—Twenty
eight tramps were arrested by a squad of
special officers between 2 and 3 o'clock
yesterday morning at the Pennsylvania
road Clinton-street station for trespassing
on the company's property in stealing a
ride on a freight train from Jersey City
and also on suspicion of being implicated
in a robbery of ore of their comrades. It
appears that one of the comrades of these
tramps, Jake Portman of New York, had
some money on his person, which fact the
others learned, and just before reaching
New Brunswick revolvers were drawn.
Portman was robbed, stripped of his cloth
ing and thrown from the fast moving
train. He has not been heard of since.
Portman' s brother was one of the gang,
and was arrested. He said the two men
who committed the robbery jumped from
the train at New Brunswick. AH the
twenty-eight prisoners were dismissed
from custody because they had no money
to pay fines.and there is no room in the
workhouse.
Another raid was made last night on a
trainload of tramps, but they drew revol
vers and drove the officers away.
DESPERADOES CAPTURED
Christian Brothers, Members of
the Doolin Gang, Are Taken
by Surprise.
The Notorious Bandits Charged With
Nearly Every Crime on the
Calendar.
WICHITA, Kans., Aug. 4.—The:Ohris
tian brothers, the noted bandits, who es
caped from the jail at Oklahoma City
about a year ago through the connivance
of a female bandit, who smuggled arms to
them, and who were then under sentence
for" murder, and committed another in
order to escape, have been recaptured
near Loco, In the Indian Territory. Their
presence in that section was suspected
yesterday, when a house was robbed by
two men answering their description, and
the Deputy United Marshal was notified
to be on the alert. They itole a large
quantity of provisions, a set of harness
and some money, and drove off in a lum
ber wagon in an easterly direction.
Hunger had evidently driven them from
their retreat. The officers followed, and,
having overtaken them, started to pass.
When just opposite the murderers the
latter were covered with Winchesters and
taken completely off their guard. The
bandits tamely submitted to arrest,
though heavily
Both deny their identity, but they were
taken to Duncan and fully identified.
They were taken before United States
Commissioner Williams for preliminary
examination and were bound over with
out bail. This morning they were taken
to the Federal jail at Ryan, where th«
identification was confirmed by several
parties. Their bodies show several gun
shot wounds recently inflicted. One of
them has an ugly wound in the right
shoulder which has not yet healed. Their
career of crime has extended over a long
period, and they were not only identified
with the Doolin zang at one time, but
they afterward headed an independent
gang and raede an unenviable record as
robbers and cutthroats. In making their
escape at Oklahoma City they killed the
Chief of Police.
Death of George Bell.
STAMFORD, Conn., Aug. 4.— George
Bell, manager of Laffan's News Bureau, in
New York, died here this morning of con
gestion of the lungs. Mr. Bell was well
known in Chicago newspaper circles, he
having been connected with papers there
some years ago. He had been sict less
than a month. Mr. Bell leaves a widow.
Failure of Clothiers.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 4.— A. and A.
B. Cramer, composing what is known as
the Famous Clothing Compapy, made an
assignment to-day. W. L. Buechle was
appointed trustee. Assets about $35,000,
with liabilities $25,000. Poor collections
were the cause of the failure.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEADLOCK IN THE
SIXTH DISTRICT,
Democrats at Ventura Fail
to Name a Candidate
for Congress.
PATTON AND ROSE TIED.
Each Receives Thirty-Five Votes
on Seven Successive
Ballots.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TO-DAY.
Attempts Made to Falsify Returns
While the Rolls Are Be
ing Called.
VENTURA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The Sixth
Congressional District Democratic Con
vention met in this city to-day. After
balloting seven times in a vain attempt to
name a Congressional nominee the con
vention adjourned until to-morrow. L.
J. Rose and George S. Patton showed
equal strength, each vote resulting in a
tie.
Permanent organization was effected by
the election of M. K. Merritt of Monterey
County as chairman and Adolph Ramish
secretary by a vote of 37 to 32. The result
was hailed as a victory for Rose as against
Patton.
Much time was lost in a fight over the
admission of proxies given by Cassin and
BurKe of Santa Cruz and Thompson of
Monterey to Stephen M. White of Los
Angeles, and by him transferred to dele
gates instructed for Patton. After a bitter
fight, J. Marion Brooks, chairman of the
credentials committee, on the suggestion
of John M. Mitchell acting for Rose, with
drew his protest and the proxies were ad^
mitted. John W. Mitchell nominated L.
J. Rose and, T. O. Toland presented
George 8. Patton 's name.
The first and the succeeding six ballots
resulted in a tie vote — Rose 36, Patton 35—
as follows:
Los Angeles— Rose 20, Patton 17.
Monterey— Rose 7, Patton 1.
Santa Cruz— Patton 6.
San Luis Obiapo— Rose 4, Patton 2.
Santa Barbara— Rose 1, Patton 6.
Ventura— Boee 3, Patton 3.
During the call of the roll a poll of Ven
tura and Santa Barbara was demanded on
each ballot. Prior to the sixth rollcail
Harry Patton of Los Angeles introduced a
proxy gained from George Hartman of
Santa Cruz, instructing for Patton. This
precipitated a lengthy fight on the adrnis
sibility of the proxy after the committee
on credentials bad rendered its final re
port, J. W. Mitchell leading in the opposi
tion to its admission and T. O. Toland
arguing in its lavor.
After several calls of the roll the matter
was finally referred to the committee on
credentials, with instructions to telegraph,
in the name of the convention, for verifi
cation. At 11:30 oVlock no reply had
been received, and an adjournment was
tafcen to 9:30 o'clock in the morning.
Taken all in all, the convention has no
precedent in this district. Thomas Mc-
Caffrey of the Southern Pacific telegraph
service in Los Angeles handled the Rose
delegates and Harry Patton of Los Ange
les the Patton forces.
Several attempted frauds in the roll
call were frustrated by the Patton men,
J. Marion Brooks handing the chairman
a tally-sheet falsified in mistake, so it was
stated.
During the fifth rollcail some one
answered to the name of Yoakum, an ab
sentee, voting for Rose. Amid excitement
and confusion a recall was demanded and
a tie vote announced.
Yoakum, the absentee, held the proxy
of F. M. Nickell of Los Angeles. This
proxy was claimed on both sides, and
Yoakum could not be found, having gone
to Los Angeles.
SHAW SPEAKS AT LODI.
Open* the Republican Campaign in San
<Jonquin County.
LODI, Cal., Aug. 4.— Colonel Henry G.
Shaw of Stockton opened the Republican
campaign in San Joaquin County by ad
dressing a large gathering here to-night,
including men of all political parties.
Many came from distant points to near
him. W. C. Green presided at the meet
ing.
Colonel Shaw is an able orator and
handled his topic in a striking and orig
inal manner, appearing on the platform
with a vari-colored umbrella, illustrative
of the present financial system, the re
spective parts colored to show the amount
of gold, silver and paper money in the
country. He bad with him a miner's
scale and weighed Mexican and American
standard dollars, the one against the
other, showing their relative weight, and
he explained in striking terms their rela
tive values.
By the use of colored strips of paper he
demonstrated that instead of increasing
the volume of money in the country, as
the free silverites proposed to do, by the
independent coinage of silver at 16 to I,
they would contract the volume of
currency nearly one-half. He said inde
pendent bimetallism would wreck values
and involve the country in greater finan
cial ruin than ever before.
Colonel Shaw produced figures and sta
tistics to demonstrate that the public and
private debts of California were enormous,
and that they were all contracted to be
Give
The nerves proper nourishment by feed-
ing them upon rich, red* blood, by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Horu-Pc Pi lie d 0 not P Ul "ge, pain or
nOOU S fIUS gripe. All druggists. 250.2
paid in gold. If free coinage of silver, ac
cording to the Democratic proposition, be
adopted it would require about half more
money to pay off tuis indebtedness than
under the present financial standard. He
said that if freesilver won ?old would be
come a commodity to be trafficked in by
the unscrupulous, who would oppress all
debtors contracting to pay in that money.
FREE SILVER WA NING.
Manufacturer Sefton Brlievs NcKin-
Ifff's Klct'ion Is Assured.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Auf. 4.-J. VrS«f
ton, the millionaire manufacturer, has re
turneu from a business trip to the East,
during which he investigated the general
sentiment on the money question. Mr.
Sefton is interested in large concerns in
Chicago and in Indiana.
"The free coinage of silver Idea is losing
ground daily, and 1 have no doubt as to
the outcome in November. My superin
tendent at the Chicago factory told me
that he was president of a Democratic
German club of 180 members, and that
every man was g°' n S to vote tor McKin
ley. Four of my friends own the Citizens'
Bank, at Anderson, Ind. Three are
Democrats and one a Republican. All
four will vote for McKinley. I have heard
since I returned that Indiana is regarded
as doubtful, but this is not so. It is for
-sound money beyond doubt.
"I visited my old home in Maryland, a
place o! about 800 inhabitants. Hereto
fore the vote was about equally divided
between Democrats and Republicans, but
the editor of the little paper there, which
is Democratic, lolcl me that the town with
the exception of one man was solid for
gold, and that exception was the post
master.
"I talked with farmers in West Virginia
and they can't see how free silver is going
to help them. They want a tariff on wool
and say that under the McKinley tariff,
bill they were aole to raise enough sheep
from w ich they could make a living, but
they can't do it under the Wilson tariff.
"Tim main object of my going East was to
establish another plant at Wellsviile, N. Y.
The Board of Trade at that place bad
offered us flattering inducements to locate
a plant there and (he papers were all ready
for our signature, but alter attending the
Chicago convention ari'i fearing the effects
of the silver cra7.» I instructed our general
manager to advise the Wellsvilie people
that everything would be held in abey
ance until alter the November election. I
feel the same way about building here. 1
don't propose to erect a bis building and
make five - year leases on the present
money basis and then have my tenants
].ay me in 50-eent silver dollars. lam of
the opinion, however, that the intelligent
and thinking people will continue to run
this Government and will resist the at
tempt to place it upon a single silver
basis."
SILVER RALLY AT T A CUMA.
Bolting Republicans Address White-
Metal Enthusiasts.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 4.— The cam
paign in this State opened here to-night
with a silver ratification meeting at the
Ninth-street Theater. The meeting was
addressed by W. C. Jones, Attorney-Gen
eral of the State; Judge George Turner of
Spokane, defeated candidate (Republican)
for Senator four years ago, and other Re
publican bolters, as well as by numerous
Democrats and Popuiists.
Earnest efforts are being made to -effect
a fusion in the State between the Popu
lists, Henry M. Teller Republicans and
the Democrats, but the indications are
that it will fail, because of local fights.
These parties will hold their State con
ventjons at Ellensburg on August 12. The
Republican State Convention will be held
at Tacoma on August 26.
FOREST CITY PROTECTIONESTS
One Hundred Voters Sign a McKinley
"ltd Hobart Clubrcll.
FOREST CITY, Cal., Aug. 4.— The
Forest City McKinley Club was organized
Saturday evening at West & Chites Hull.
The meeting was called to order by M. G.
Wyllie, a member of the County Central
Committee, and the following officers were
elected: J. O. Jones, president; James
McGregor and T. E. Edwards, vice-presi
dents; W. J. Redding, secretary; commit
tee on resolutions — James McGrepor, F. L.
Cole, F. H. Campbell, E. L. Crafts and J.
McDugall.
Speeches were made by Hon. F. D.
Seward, Hon. Stanley Smith, E. L. Case
and J. B. Irish. One hundred voters
signed the roll. Resolutions indorsing
the National platform and nominees and
pledging hearty support to the ticket were
adopted.
Gilrny Jtepublieans Orgat%iz-.
GILROY. Cal., Aug. 4.— A large Repub
lican club was organized here last night.
Spirited speeches were made in favor of
the National platform and nominees. A
number of young men were prominent in
the meeting, and most of the old-line Re
publicans from the town and country at
tended. Officers were elected as follows:
President, Henry Hecker; vice-pre*iaents,
J. M. Powell, R. Eschenberg, D. If. Smiih
end D- C. Riddell; corresponding secre
tary, F. M. Blake; record in c secretary, R.
Ryan; treasurer, James McElroy.
Snnta Monica MfpubliG'tn*.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 4.—
Local Republicans met at the town hall
Saturday evening and took the initiatory
steps for the enrollment of voters under
the banner of protection and prosperit} 7 .
A committee of six on organization, two
from each precinct, consisting of Messrs.
A. L. Forsyth, R. R. Harris, P. S. Allen,
F. H. Taft, Hon. H. G. Weyse, Robert F.
Jones, was appointed. The next meeting
of the cluh win take , place on Saturday
evening.
Ouindn'M ilcKinlsy Club.
GCINDA, Cal., Aug. 4:— A McKinley
Club was organized hers on Saturday
night with the following officers: Pre«i
dent, J. R. Clark; vice-president, J. W.
Sullivan; secretary, R. L. Niemann;
treasurer. G. M. Berry; esQcutivecommit
tee of six, B. F. Davisson, L. M. Tittle, C.
E. Pierce, B. Dutton, F. N. Reason er, R.
B. Clink. The club will meet the first and
third Saturdays of each month.
Auburniles mil Ratify.
AUBURN, Cal., Aug. 4.— Local Repub
licans are preparing for a great ratification
of the National ticket on Tuesday night,
August 11. Among the speakers will be
8, M. Shortridge and Charles M. Short
ridge of Han Francisco. On the same day
a convention will be held to select dele
gates to tne Congressional convention. To
all appearances Grove L. Johnson has
little or no opposition.
The Illiterate l)e,b,-.rr*<i.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 4.— District
Attorney Seawell has given the clerk of
this county an opinion on the re-r>gjstra
tion of persons who are unable to comply
with the education qualification act of
November 6, 1894. The opinion holds that
all persons who cannot read and write and
read the constitution will he debarred
from registering now unless registered at
the time of the paasa c of the act.
A McKinley Club at Oranr/e.
ORANGE, Cal., Aug. 4.— A McKinley
and Hooartclub, with forty-five members,
was organized here last night. James J.
Gray was elected president; E, W. Hardy,
first vice-president; A- H. Clark, second
vice-president; Evan Davis, secretary ; W-
W. Pratt, treasurer. The National plat
form was indorsed.
Bnrkle.y Bolt* to Bryan
SALEM, Or., Aug. 4.— H. L. Barkley,
Republican representative from Marion
County, repudiates the Republican money
plank and declares he will not support
McKinley. He will make speeches in
Oregon, Washington and California for
.Bryan and free silver.
CAN DO WITHOUT
THE POPULISTS.
Democrats Made Arrogant
by the Victory in
Alabama.
JONES VERY JUBILANT.
But the Southern Success Is Prob
ably the D^ath Knell to
Watson.
NO CONCESSIONS TO BE MADE.
Meanwhile the Bcurbon Leaders Are
Patching Up a Flowery Speech
for Bryan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 4.—Sena
tor Jones, chairman of the National Demo
cratic Committee, was jubilant this morn
ing over the returns from Alabama. Still
he said he felt no surprise at the victory,
because be knew that the Democrats
would win, and it is quite likely that Mr.
Jones Knew perfectly well yesterday morn
ing before tbe first ballot was cast what
the result would be.
The rout of Populists in Alabama may
be regarded as the death knell of Watson's
Vice- Presidential boom. Yesterday after
noon Senator Jones felt so confident of
Democratic victory in Alabama and so en
couraged by reports of Populiat weakness
in Georgia which Congressman Russell
of that State brought him that he loosened
his tongue and heaped upon the Watson
ites of the South great contempt. The
Alabama victory encouraged the Arkansas
Senator to announce at least that Demo
cratic managers will make no concessions
to Populists who are adnerents of the
Bryan and Watson ticket and that Mr.
Bryan will not even acknowledge his
nomination by the Populist convention.
At the Populist Headquarters here there
are the usual cries of fraud, charges which
are probably quite true, but which will not
alter the situation. At Republican bead
quarters the results from Alabama will be
carefully studied as soon as official returns
are made public. The defeat of tbe Popu
lists, and particularly the methods by
which that defeat was brought about, may
rebound to possible benefit of the
Republicans.
Senator Quay while down South "tar
pon fishing" is expec ed to acquaint him
self very thoroughly with the extent of
the Populist dissatisfaction and indigna-
tion, and it is possible that some combi
nations may be arranged of benefit to
Republicans. It is, of course, useless to
expect McKinley electors in Alabama.
The managers of the Republican Presi
dential campaign are too well acquainted
with Democratic methods in the South to
expect thut. But it may not be impossi
ble to effect coalitions between Republi
cans and disgruntled Populists enough to
bring about the defeat of some Democratic
members of Congress.
It is understood that Senator Gorman
himself will read Candidate Bryan's great
speech to be delivered by him at the Madi
son-square Garden in New York and will
carefully "edit" it. In this connection it
may be stated that Mr. Gorman, like all
the other Democratic managers, has been
excessively annoyed at charges of pla
giarism which have been successfully
made against Mr. Bryan's most beautiful
phrases.
A NTI-BRYAN DEMOCRATS.
They Can Even Indorse Cleveland, but
>ot the JSrhrugkan.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Aug. 4.-The
conference of the anti-Bryan Democrats
which was held here to-day was hastily
called only a few days ago. Nevertheless
there were several scores of the delegates
present. There were leading Democrats
from a number of counties in the State
and a great deal of enthusiasm and earn
estness was displayed. A committee of
live was named to take steps to perfect or
ganization throughout the State by
naming State committees. Resolutions of
indorsement of President Cleveland's ad
ministration, and of Secretary Carlisle
especially, were passed by a rising vote.
A recommendation was made to the State
Committee to bring about as soon as pos
sible conventions for the nomination of
so ind-money Democratic Congressional
candidates in every district. The com
mittee was also instructed to issue an
address to the Democrats of the Slate
setting forih the purposes of this move
ment.
DEB MOINEB, lowa, Aug. 4.— The
sound-money Democrats of lowa met here
to-day and registered their formal and
vigorous protest against the platform and
candidates of the Chicago convention.
The meetine was called only a week ago,
but it brought out almost 200 men who
have been leaders in State conventions for
many years. Their sentiment was unani
mous. They demanded an organized re
pudiation of the Chicago convention by
the sound-money Democrats and the
nomination of a third ticKet. A ringing
resolution was adopted indorsing the
Cleveland administration.
The conference was called to order by L.
M. Martin, temporary chairman for lowa,
and Judge John Cliggett of Mason City
was named as chairman. Judge Cliggett
made v ringing speech, in which he de
clared the position uf the conferees. He
said they were invited to choose between
Populism under the name of Democracy
on the one hand and Republicanism with
McKinlcyism on the other. The Republi
cans offer pound money; true, but they
demand Me Kinleyism, the abhorrence of
every Democrat, as their price. Between
the two there is no choice. Sound-money
Democrats must have their own organisa
tion and conduct their own educational
campaign against bad money on one hand
and McKinleyism on the other.
At the conclusion of the address a reso
lution was adopted indorsing Cleveland's
as the most statesmanlike administration
in a trying time since that of Lincoln.
Then a resolution was adopted unani
mously declaring the sense of the rueet
init that a sound-money Democratic ticket
slit nld he nominated, and that lowa
should send a representative to the In
dianapolis conference, with full power to
take whatever steps were necessary to
carry out the decision of the conference.
Another resolution declared the necessity
lor an organization in the State, and in
accordance with it a Btate Central Com
luiitee was elected, one member from each
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESUAr, AUGUST o, ioyo.
Congressional district. Colonel L. M.
Martin was unanimously •leoted delegate
from lowa to the Indianapolis conference,
and each district named a representative.
THE GOLD DEMOCRATS.
There Will Be a Large IZepretentation at
Indianapolis.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 4.— The gold Dem
ocratic headquarters received information
to-day by telegraph that four more States
had chosen representatives to attend the
Indianapolis meeting. Jease Metcalf of
Providence will meet the committee on
behalf of the Rhode Island sound money
Democrats.
Colonel Louis R. Ehrich of Colorado
Springs, the autho/ of a well-known book
on the currency question, will represent
Colorado sound money Democrats and
make a speech in public.
A telegram from Arthur Meigs of Jack
sonville, Fia., informed the committee
that an enthusiastic meeting had been
held in that city in which all parts of the
States were represented and that Hon.
J. L. Garkins, ex-speaker of the Florida
Legislature, had been elected provisional
comraitteeman, with D. G. Ambler as al
ternate, to tha Indianapolis meeting.
C. E. S. Wood, Oregon's representative,
wired to-day that he had left Portland for
Indianapolis.
The committee received a telegram
from Edwin Sully from Rockingham,
N. C, stating that a conference would be
held there to-day, and that North Caro
lina would send a representative to In
dianapolis. The committee had not ex
pected that State to contribute a commit
teeman.
Local leaders of the movement said they
had not heard anything to substantiate a
story published this afternoon which pur
ported to give the details of a deal be
tween the silver leaders on behalf of
Bryan and the Eastern gold Democratic
leaders, whereby tbe Democratic nominee
was to be supported in the East, the main
condition being that Mr. Bryan's admin
istration should restrict the free coinage
of silver in proportion to the production
of gold and at the ratio of 16 to 1. The
story was regarded as mythical, and the
regular Democratic leaders professed the
same ignorance and incredulity.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 4. — The
sound money Democratic executive com
mittee finds that there is going to be a
much larger attendance at the meeting of
the National Committee next Friday than
was anticipated. Rooms are being en
gaged at the hotels for parties ranging
from five to fifty from various States of
the Union, and it looks as though the com
mittee meeting would develop into a gen
eral conference of sound money Demo
crats.
"If I can judge from the dispatches I am
receiving," said Mr. By man of the execu
tive committee to-day, "instead of the
single representative of thirty-odd States
that will be represented we shall have here
a gather of two or three hundred represen
tative Democrats whose opinions will
command attention.
"I think there is no doubt that a conven
tion will be called in September. We find
in other States as in Indiana that the
politicians have largely slumped, but
among the business men and the people
there is a determination to hold the party
true to its traditions and defeat the un-
Democractic ticket nominated at Chicago
upon a platform that is anything but
Democratic. You have noticed how rap
idly the sentiment is developing in this
State where Democrats, not only in this
city but all over the State, are flocking to
our standard. Our advices are that the
same thing is true in other States, and as
the work of organization goes on it will
develop more rapidly."
The executive committee will have a
meeting Thursday evening, but the mem
bers of the National Committee are not
expected until Friday morning in time
for the meetinc, which is called to meet
in the Commercial Club assembly-room at
2 o'clock p. m.
FUSION WITH DEMOCRATS.
That 1$ the Programme of the Kansas
Populists.
ABILENE, Kans., Aug. 4.— The Popu
list State Convention will meet here to
morrow morning and nearly all the lead
ing politicians and delegates have arrived,
Fusion with the Democrats on an electoral
ticket' and a State ticket will probably
occur and the electoral ticket may be a
divided one instead of being fusion of the
Bryan and Sewall ticket as were at first
talked of. The Populists are loth to sur
render their candidate for Vice-President,
Watson, though there is a strong senti
ment favoring such a move. Ex-Con
gressman W. A. Harper, . leading candi
date for the nomination for Governor,
favors this. A majority of the delegates
seem to favor an electoral ticket made up
of five Populists, four Democrats and one
silver Republican. It is professed that a
ticket so constructed would carry Kansas
and it would be understood ■ that which
ever candidate, Watson or Sewall, had the
more votes in the electoral college should
receive the Kansas electoral vote.
THE NOTIFICATION MEETING.
Plans for Seating a Bio Crowd in Madi
son-Square Garden. -.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 4._Treajurer
St. John of the Democratic National Com
mittee and the National Silver party said
to day that the names of the speakers at
the notification meeting at Madison
square Garden had not yet been selected
and would cot be for a tew days more.
The advance arrangements for the big
meeting are, however, being mapped out.
Th'-re will be no tickets of admission
necessary to get into the garden, but all
the seats will be reserved. There ar« 6500
regular seats in the hall, and in addition
to these there will be 2500 chairs placed
in the body of the garden. These seats
and chairs will be reserved until 7:45
o'clock in the evening. There will be 300
seats reserved for the press. The platform
will be reserved for the committee and the
invited guests.
Congressional -Nominations.
CHICAGO, 1n,., Aug. 4.— The following
Congressional nominations were made to
day at Alfred, Me. : First District Demo
crats nominated ex-Mayor Edward W.
Staples of Biddeford.
At Mammoth Springs, Ark., Sixth Dis
trict Democrats nominated H. Brun
ridee Jr.
At Beloit, Wis., First District Republi
cans renominated H. A. Cooper.
At Jefferson City, Mo., Eighth District
Democrats nominated Bun. Rich J»li
mand amid a scene of great enthusiasm.
Pennsylvania— -Twenty-second District
Democrats named John F. Miller; Tw n
ty-fourth Disinot Democrats chose John
Purman of Homestead.
lowa— Third District Democrats at Du
buque nominated George Stachle of Earl
ville.
lowa'* A'ationnl Party.
MARSH ALLTOWN, lowa, Aug. 4.— The
National party held its State Convention
here to-day. Resolutions were passed in
dorsing the regular State Prohibition can
didates and platform, which platform, by
tba way, is not the same as that on which
Joshua Levering was nominated. Bentley
a,nd Souihgate were indorsed and electors
named.
MINNESOTA HAS
A MIXED TICKET,
Democrats Nominate John
Lind, a Republican,
for Governor.
FUSION ALL THE RAGE.
So the Populists Are Also Given
a Chance to Gain Some
of the Patronage.
DONNELLTS PLEA FOR UNION.
Three Sound-Money Men Summarily
Read Out of ths Party by the
Silverites.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Aug. 4.— The
Democratic Btate Convention assembled in
the Exposition Hall this morning with a
full attendance. It was called to order
by Chairman McDermott. Ex - Speaker
Champlin was chosen temporary chair
man by acclamation and accented in a
brief speech, in which he took strong
ground for free silver. After the election
of secretaries and the appointment of
committees recess was taken until this
afternoon.
The afternoon session opened with a re
port of the com roittee on credentials. A
motion was made to amend the report by
striking therefrom the name of Dan Law
ler, Frank W. McCutcheon and Judge
McCafferty. This created a great uproar,
but the Silver men were in the majority,
and the motion was adopted.
When the vote was announced and Na
tional Committeeman Lawler, ex-Secre
tary of the State Committee McCutcheon
and Mr. McCafferty, a lifelong worker in
the Democratic ranks, were ixpelled from
the Minnesota Democracy, hisses were in
termingled with cheers and the greatest
confusion ensued. National Committee
man Lawler tried to make himself heard,
but his efforts were in vain. The band
struck up a lively air and alter several
minutes order was again restored.
In the meantime the expelled gentlemen
walked out of the hall followed by one
whole delegation and several members of
the Ramsey County delegation, of ffhich
they were members.
The platform, as adopted, declared in
favor of the Chicago platform and the
nominees of the Chicago convention; de
nounced the platform of the Republican
party, more particularly in regard to the
money clank; denounced the "struck"
jury system and declared for good roads.
The platform also demanded an amend
ment to the constitution oi the United
States providing for the election of Presi
dent and Vice-President and United
Slates Senators by a direct vote of the peo
ple.
The appointment of D. O'Brien as Na
tional Committeeman was ratified.
Ignatius Donnelly addressed the con
vention in an eloquent manner on behalf
of a union of tbe silver forces, and assured
the convention if they would leave Attor
ney-General and Lieutenant-Governor
vacant the Populists in their State con
vention would till those offices with good
men and in addition nominate the nom
inees of to-day's convention. Donnelly
received an ovation as he left the plat
form.
Q. W. Griffin, on behalf of the silver Re.
publicans, promised their supDort to the
Democratic and Populist fusion ticket in
consideration of the nomination of John
Lind, a silver Republican, by to-day's con
vention.
The name of John Lind was the only
one put before tbe convention for candi
date for Governor and he received the
nomination by acclamation. For Secre
tary of State J. J. Hiurichs of Minneap
olis was also named by acclamation. For
State Treasurer Alexander McKinnon of
Crookston was chosen.
Minnesota is entitled to nine electors.
To-daj 's convention selected four Demo
crats and one silver Republican, leaving
the remaining four to be selected by tbe
Populists. The Populists will also name
an Attorney-General and Lieutenant-Gov*
ernor.
from a aizfjcjt- roiXT or view.
iiryan . .Receive* Callers Who Talk fay
His Cause.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 4.— Among Mr.
Bryan's cajlers to-day was George W,
Thompson of Taooma, Wash., National
Committeeman of the National party for
his State, He waa prominent in the con
vention of the Silverites at Si. Louis,
having been chairman of the Washington
delegation and member of the committee
of five charged with outlining a platform.
In the convention he was a member of
the committee on platform and declara
tion of principles, and is one of the sub
committee of seven appointed to complete
the work. Mr. Thompson told the repre
sentative of the United Associated Press
that Washington was being rapidly or
ganized for Bryan and Sewell by lnte Re
publicans, such as the present Attorney-
General, W. C. Jones, who is the chairman
of the State Central Committee of the
Silver party; ex-Governor Miles C- Moore,
a leading banker, and Judge Garner of
Spokane, as members of the executive
committee.
"I have no doubt that the State of Wash
ington will cast her vote for Bryan and
free silver," he said. "Tbt county in
which I live is already organized in all
the voting precincts. In one precinct
having sixty-five Republican voters, twen
ty-three of them nave declared for Bryan.
Since the Silver convention I have spent
a few days in my old horn« in Whiteside
County, 111., and a day or t-ro in Western
lowa, where I lived for sixteen years. I
found a very strong free-silver sentiment
among my old Republican friends in Illi
nois, and I am confident that Illinois will
be found in the silver column this fall.
As to lowa the conditions are not so prom
ising, though the. sentiment for free silver
is gaining ground, and I feel that lowa,
too, will wheel into line in time to be
counted for Mr. Bryan."
Mr. Thompson said he bad been en
gaged in the banking business in lowa
and in Chattagnooga, Term., and had been
a student of finance for twenty-rive years,
making contributions of articles during
that time to balking publications. "I
had always been a Republican," said he,
"until the 17th day of June, 1896." Mr.
Thompson Is also a member of the com
mittee of the Silver convention to potify
Bryan and Sewall of their nominations.
He said he thought the notification would
take place in Baltimore on the 14th inst.,
but on being told that Mr. Bryan and Mr.
Sewall would proceed to New England
from New York, probably on the 13th inst.,
he gave it as his belief that the silver noti
fication would occur on the earliest avail
able date.
Mr. Bryan has sent a letter to John C.
Harmony, secretary of the Bryan Club at
Canton, Ohio. The letter follows:
My Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your message
convey. ng greetings from the members of your
club and beg you to assure them of my hearty
appreciation ol their support. The fact that
those of your citizens who believe that the
United States is strong enough to have a finan
cial policy of its own are willing to array
themselves against a townsman of high char
acter and great personal worth indicates the
depth of their convictions. Whenever a great
issue arises the American people always prove
their independence and moral courage, char
acteristics without which self-government is
impossible. It gratifies me to know that the
silver sentiment in its growth is disregarding
party lines. Yours truly, W. J. Bkyan.
DEMOCRATS OF KANSAS.
They Indorse the Chicago Platform and
Plan for Fusion.
HUTCHINSON, Kans., Aug. 4. — The
Democratic State Convention this after-
Moon developed and carried into effect, so
far as it was able without the consent of
the Populists, its plan for a fusion in
Kansas. A complete electoral ticket waa
chosen, but not nominated, which is a
unit for Bryan and Sewall, without regard
to Watson, and it was agreed that if thia
proposed ticket was accepted by the Popu
lists the Democrats would nominate the
straight Populist ticket, including Con
gressman at large.
The committee on resolutions reported
a platform reaffirming the National Demo
cratic platform and demanding a resub
mission to a vote of the people the pro
hibition amendment to tne constitution
of Kansas. It was the committee on rules
and order of business that devised tha
fusion plan agreed upon without discus
sion. In accordance with the recommen
dations of this committee the delegates
from each district made its choice of
candidates for Piesidential electors at
large, all of whom were recommended to
the convention, but were uot nominated.
The following committee was then ap
pointed to visit the People's party con
vention at Abilene to-morrow and make
known to it the wishes of the convention :
J. G. Johnson, Kansas National Commit
teeman; W. P. Dillard. ex-Senator John
Martin, J. H. Atwood and W. S. Glass.
A new State Central Committee was
elected and the convention adjourned
until 4:30 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
Many delegates left for their homes to
night, and by the time the comerence
committee makes its report comparatively
few will remain to complete the work of
the convention. The new Democratic
State Central Committee to-night organ
ized by electing J. Mac Love of Arkansas
City chairman and W. H. Pepperell of
Concordia chairman. The committee will
at once open headquarters in Topeka.
WORKING FOR McKINLRY.
Men of All Parties to Vote for -Pro#-
perity'a Advance Ag»nfi
CHICAGO. 111., Aug. 4.— Tobias Castor,
former National Committeeman from
Nebraska, but now a worker for McKinley
and a gold standard, was a welcome
visitor at National headquarters to-day.
He is industriously eugaged in distribut
ing gold literature and traveling through
the VVeat. He does not believe in the
efficacy of a third ticket. Speaking for
hit State be said the Democrats and Re
publicans were very much at sea over tbe
money question, and the other party
lines would be drawn as closely as in pre
vious campaigns. He believed that if the
Republicans held off a little on the Me
iviiiley tariff idea in speeches and litera
ture gold Democrats by the tbouasnd
would vote the Republican ticket.
A National Wheelmen's McKinley and
Hobart Club was organized at headquar
ters to-day. The National committee will
give the organization its indorsement and
supply its members with handsome badges.
It is intended to extend tbe organization
throughout the country. Chicago is ex
pected to contribute 10,000 members.
A. B. Kittredge, National committeeman
from South Dakota, was one of the callers
on Committeeman Dawes and Chief Hahn
of tbe speakers' bureau. He said South
Dakota's votes were all right with the help
of gold Democrats,
Mr. Hanna will not be able to finish his
political business in the East in time to
preside over a meeting of tbe Western ex
ecutive committee this week.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 4.— Major Mc-
Kinley had a number of callers to-day.
There were no persons of National dis
tinction among them, but there were several
very interesting people, and nearly all of
them told of prominent Democrats in their
several States who had announced or who
would soon announce their intention to
vote the Republican ticket in November
next.
Reuben Herman of Baltimore, who is a
friend of one of the electors at large of
Maryland on the Republican ticket, told
Major McKinlev that the revolt of the
sound-money Democrats la Maryland
grows in force as the days go by, and that
it is sweeping ever all parts of the State.
George Staehle for Congrot»,
INDEPENDENCE. lowa, Aug. 4. -The
Democrats of the Third Congressional
District to-day nominated George Staehle
of Manchester for Congress. Resolutions
were passed favoring the Chicago platform.
-^,_-^^^ J -.^ r^^^^-i- NEW - TO-DAY. _ - - -'■ ■■. • ■ -
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
■ Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture)* Buda l Pest.
••We know of no stronger or more favourably- V ■ ''
constituted • Natural Aperient Water than that L Royd Councillor, M.D., Projwr tf
gelded b, the Uj Hunyadi Springs." 'X ] \
. . . S-r - : t {JUiniiity <ej 'Agriculture), Bud* Put.
APPROVED BY THE ACADEMIB DE MEDECINE, PARIS
Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle. „
OF ALL DRUGGISTS ANQ MINERAL WATER DEALERS. '
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
: ; SEE that the Label bears; the wejl-koown Rep Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited. ; * " * * w f
MILITARY AND
NAVAL GOSSIP,
Goat Island to Be Utilized
as a Training
Station.
APPRENTICES TO CRUISE
Number of Boy Marines on the
Pacific Coast Will Be
Doubled.
WAR DEPARTMENT ORDERS.
Fifth Artillery Officers at the Presidio
Assigned to Battery Duty at
Fortress Monros.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 4.-The
Navy Department is paying considerable
attention iust now to the training station
which it is proposed to establish on Goat
Island. The department has sent to Rear-
Admiral Kirkland, oommandant at Mare
Island Navy-yard, a statement of the
changes contemplated in the Pensacola in
order to fit her for duty as the station
training-ship. In addition another vessel
will be assigned to the station, which will
be used to take apprentices on short
cruises. In fact, it is determined to make
the training station to be established
there as much like that at Newport, on
the New England coast, as possible. To
the Newport station is attached the old
man-of-war Constellation. In addition
the Essex is used foi cruising purposes.
No decision has yet been reaohed by the
department as to the ship to be selected
Jor cruising purposes for the apprentices
on the Pacific Slope, but it is expected that
either the Mohican or Hartford will b j
decided upon- The Moniaan will prob
ably be used until the Hartford is avail
able. The latter vessel cannot he used for
crusing purposes under a year and a half
or two years on account of the amount of
work yet to be performea upon her.
The department has not yet been noti
fied as to the number of boys who have
enlisted on the receiving-ship Indepen
dence under the order issued some months
ago by the Secretary, permitting their en
listment. In his orders at that time the
Secretary limited the number of appren
tices who should bo enlisted on the coast
to 100. It was stated to-day by an offi
cial of the Bureau of Navigation, who has
charge of enlistments, that this number
was merely tentative, and when it bad
been reached the department would in
crease it to 200. The fact that the officers
of the Independence are complaining of
room consequent upon the quartering of
apprentices on board their vessel makes
the department desirous of providing
some other place for the accommodation
of tlie boy 3 as quickly as possible. For
this reason it has instructed Rear-Admiral
Kirkland to expedite work oa the Pensa
cola.
At the instance of other officials of the
department Commodore Matthews, chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, has
abandoned his proposition to widen the
entrance to Mare Island docks. Imme
diately upon his return from inspection of
naval stations of the Pacific coast the
commodore prepared plans for increasing
the width of entrance to the dock at Mare
Island, bis object being to make the
structure sufficiently large to accommo
date the battleship Oregon. The matter
was submitted to other bureau chiefs, but
did not meet with their approval. It was
pointed out that even if the dock was
large enough the Oregon would be unable
to reach Mare Island on account of ob
structions in the channel; in fact, she
must take on stores which are brought to
her from Mare Island by means of
lighters— a very expensive method. It
was also stated that even with the width
of the dock increased it would still be a
dangerous thing to dock a ship like the
Oregon in a structure not especially built
for the purpose.
In view of the facts thus presented
Commodore Matthews has decided not to
press Secretary Herbert to issue orders
looking to an increase in size of the en
trance to Mare Island dock. It is his in
tention to make a strong argument in his
forthcoming annual report in favor of
another docs at Mare Island, showing the
necessity of such a structure. As an evi
dence of such necessity he will point out
work now in progress at Mare Island
which could have been expedited had
another dock been located at that place.
The War Department will issue orders
within a day or so to a number of officers
holding the ranks of first and second
lieutenants, who are serving with the
Fifth Regiment of Artillery, stationed on
the Pacific Slope, assigning them to duty
with the batteries at Fortress Monroe and
to the artillery school at that place, x^e
term of two years' instruction in artillery
tactics, etc., which officers have been ra
ceiving at Fortress Monroe, expired thi 8
summer. The officers who have attended
the course, with the exception of those of
the Fifth Artillery, have been ordered to
return to their regiments. The places of
these officers will be filled by others who
have not yet undergone such tuition.
The orders of officers of the Fifth who
are to be assigned to the school and bat
tery instruction will, in addition, contain
the assignments of those officers who have
completed the terms to the batteries of
tbe Fifth. In consequence it may be ex
pected that there will be a great shake up
of details in thia regiment. Nona of the
orders will go into effect before Sep
tember.
General Miles is collecting suggestions
for increasing tbe efficiency of the army.
Recently he sent out to officers of the army
a regular letter containing a number of in
quiries which are designed to De of assist
ance to him in the preparation of his re
port. In reply he has received about 1600
letters, all very complete. Yesterday 400
were received. One of the most important
questions he aska is: "What suggestion
have you to make concerning instruction,
drill and discipline of tbe army, in order
to promote its patriotism, character, intel
lectual and physical development, and its
general welfare?" The other questions
dealt with the equipment of troops and
reward for gallantry.
LI HANG CHANG'S VISIT.
Unseasonable Incident Causing Bitter
Complaint at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 4.— lt is
stated at the Chinese legation that Li
Hung Chang, the ereat Chinese Premier,
rs expected about the end of next month.
This statement contradicts the peneral
assumption that C> ang will not come to
Washington until President Cleveland
returns from his summer outing at Gray
Gables, so as to receive tbe great Chinese
statesman with proper official ceremony
at the Nation's capital. His expected
presence in Washington has detained the
horde of secretaries, consular officials and
cierKs which comprise the legation here,
all of whom are bitterly complaining at
their enforced stay in Washington during
this sweltering weather. A great recep
tion will be given Chang in Washington,
and several members of the Chinese lega
tion have air ady gone to New York to
arrange for his reception at that port of
entry.
Contt Postal and Pension Affairs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 4. -The
Postmaster-General has made allowance
for clerk hire for tbe ourrant fiscal year* as
follows in California: Santa Cru«, $1400;
Alameda. $2572; Porapua, $1800; Los An
geles, $34,000; Siocktol, $4200.
R. L. Dun of San Francisco is at the Ar
lington Hotel.
A postottice ws.9 established to-day at
Wilder, Huroboldt County. Cal., and
David L. Wrieht appointed Postmaster.
W. H. Skinner was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Alhambra, Los Angeles
County, Cal., vice A. M. Phelan, removed.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Orielnal— George W. Lytle,
Freshwater; John Gaston, Kiverside;
Thomas fihampine, Gilroy. Restoration —
James R. Quigle, San Francisco. Reissue
— Thomas 11. Pearson, San Diego.
Uncle Sam* Money Circulation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3.— Tha
circulation statement Issued yesterday
places all the money in circulation in the
United States at $1,514,903,142, or $80,630,
-644 less than on August 1, 1895. The per
capita circulation base I on 71,513,000 pop
ulation is placed at $21 18. Tbe increase
of money in circulation during July was
$5,177,^42. _
Treasury Gold Retevve.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Aug. 4— Th«
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $110,090,456. The
withdrawals for the day amounted to
$206,700.
NEW VO-DAT-
BICYCLES!
Big Reduction in
Second-hand
Bicycles.
We are going to close out our
atock of these machines in the
next thirty days. Call and
examine them or write for
price-list. _____
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
34-4- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA BICYCLERY,
IG7O Page St., Near Stanyan.
HOW CHFAP-WHAT IT'C
P HETTY STYLES- I 1 O
HOW CAN YOU DO IT?— TLJ C
AND S MILAR RE- I M £L
MARKS H ROM T-<E O A I C
MANY WHO BOUGHT OALC
TANS LAST WEEK. Qp
"WE TANS
:m:tjst
SELL
'EM!
THAT'S OUR CHIEF REASON. ITS
NOT A QUESTION OF PRICE OR
WHAT 'THEY'RE WORTH - IT'S
WHAT THEY'LL BRING. LAST
WEEK WE SOLD PLENTY-THIS
WEEK WE'LL STRIKETHE CLIMAX.
■ ■ • . ;. • ' • . ■ .
CHILD'S TANS that are cheap at OX/»
$1 50 we'll sell at... OD{j
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, thai
beat anything ever shown for OA/»
*i t we'll dispose of f0r.... OVO
MEN'S SUMMER TANS, worth
$2 50, we'll- put a closing ©1 IK
price 0f... ;,. ., •••• v- 1 *- 1
- The above are only a few of th« many
big inducements that we're offering.
OUT-OF-TOWN *-OLKS— Send for the
Sullivan money-saver, the book of shoes,
and prices that are right.
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY-SAVERS IN SHQES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
Just South of Market.
Bn ■■_*_■■ FOR BARBERH, BAK-
RM 1 1 SMS" ?% ers bootblacks, bath-
* 8 (L? •' & houses, billiard -tabl.-i.
br«w«n, liookbinflers,. randy.makers, cannari,
dyers, flourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, | printers, painters, shoe {actoriea, iuU»
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tallori, ate. f; . -.
HUCHANA.N BROS., ._
Brush AlanufßCturar*. 609 Sacr»tn«nt*3ltMOORE BROTHERS
ARE HOT BROKE,
But Their Failure Causes a
Great Flurry at
Chicago.
TREAD ON A VOLCANO.
Speculators Afraid to Operate for
Fear of Further Dis
asters.
MONEYED MEN TO THE RESCUE.
They Will Form a Pool to Protect the
Diamond Match and New York
Biscuit Stock.
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— Brokers about the
Stock Exchange this morning felt as if
they were treading on a volcano. Never
in the history of the exchange has there
been such suppressed excitement. The
failure of the Moore Brothers and the col
lapse of Diamond Match was the talk of
everybody a nd took precedence over every
other question. How many others on the
exchange besides the Moore Brothers
would be affected in the big Bmash-up or
to what extent no one dared to say. All
felt the peril of the hour.
It is believed the Moore failure will ag
gregate between $7,000,000 and $3,000,000.
Such is the sum mentioned by a bank
president who has been especially close to
the speculators during their daring and
dazzling reign.
At the usual hour of opening the Stock
Exchange was filled with a mob, but no
business was being transacted. Groups
were gathered here and there discussing
the turn of affairs, and every one seemed
waiting for some announcement more
definite than a notice posted on the doors,
which read: "Exchange adjourned sub
ject to the action of the governing com
mittee. J. A. Wilkins, Secretary." The
governing committee met at 9:30 and
promised a statement later in the day.
At the office of Moore Bros, all informa
tion regarding the failure was denied to
callers.
According to a well-known official au
thority, James H. Moore and William H.
Moore, his brother, held all told $5,500,000
worth of Diamond Match stock. A por
tion of this great amount was owned in fee
before the speculative era in the stock be
gan. Much, however, was bought at prices
from 150 to 240. The Moore holdings were
a majority of total stock issued. It so hap
pens, however, that the balance of the
stock has been held by a great many stock
holders. Soon after the stock began its
wonderful aerial flight these minority
stockholders began unloading, and in
each case the persona who bought this
purchasable stock were James Moore and
his brother.
Most of these purchases were not cash
purchases, but on account, some of them
running thirty, some sixty days. Margins
of 5 per cent were given, and in this way
at least $2,000,000 worth of the stock was
bought.
Two banks in Connecticut, one in
Bridgeport and tl c other in Hartford,
were the holders of the stock as trustees.
As the sto<;k fluctuated in value or the
time limit ior purchase account expired,
more margins had to be deposited. In
this way not less than 60 per cent on a par
value of tue stock was paid. All this the
M cores paid without flinching, but in the
long run the stock became, notwithstand
ing its extraordinary intrinsic value, a
frightfully heavy load to carry. At last
the two brokers were substantially the
only props to the big enterprise. The re
sult was inevitable and the crash fol
lowed.
And thus it happened that to-day, while
the Moores, the financial genii of this
colossal enterprise, are losers to the tune
of $7,000,000 or $8,000,000, the numerous
minority stockholders are the winners,
for they have Deen the beneficiaries of the
margins paid, and their stock is still
theirs, although held in trust.
J. J. Mitchell, president of the Illinois
Trust and Savings Bank, says that there is
little doubt that a pool will be formed to
take care of the Diamond Match stock.
Mr. Mitchell said this morning: "There is
no inclination on the part of the bankers
here to press matters, as the stocks are
good holding in themselves. The com
mittee appointed by the governing com
mittee of the Stock Exchange will un
doubtedly be able to make terms, but until
everything is arranged the Stock Exchange
will not be opened. 1 don't consider the
failure (if you so call it) of any great im
portance as affecting stocks. It is simply
a case of inability on the part of Moore
Bros, to put up any further margins, and
that is all there is to it. Tne Chicago
Stock Exchange in itself amounts to very
little outside of a local speculative value.
Its influence is slight."
The governing committee has appointed
a sub-committee to confer with bankers
and capitalists with the object of forming
a pool to take care ol the Moore Bros,
holdings of Diamond Match and New
York Biscuit. Local bankers and mem
bers of the Stock Exchange say that
' everything possible will be done to pre
vent a big slump in stocks.
At 10:30 the governing committee of the
Chicago StocK Exchange went into execu
tive session. The exchange then ad
journed subject to the call of the commit
tee. It is hoped that the Diamond Match
stock now out can be syndicated at 170. If
such action is taken possible fail
ures resulting from the collapse of the
Moore Brothers will be very much les
sened.
Chicaeo banks and bankers, who hold
approximately $4,000,000 worth of Dia
mond Match stock as collateral for money
loaned will not press the borrowers fora
settlement and will accept the stock of
Diamond Match owned by Moore Brothers
at a cash value of 170. Probably the heav
iest losses in the collapse ot Moore Broth
ers, next to the brothers themselves, are
the brokers who had been doing business
for them on the exchange. Very few, In
deed, are the brokers, too, who did not do
business in that line.
The governing committee of the ex
change held a short session, and after dis
cussing the collapse and the proper course
to pursue as a precautionary measure of
general safety, decided to have a commit
tee of its members appointed. The selec
tion of the sub-committee was given to
Malcolm Jamieson of Jamieson & Co.
The function of this body is to interview
Moore Brothers and the city bankers of
prominence for the purpose of ascertain
ing the exact condition of the firm finan
cially and the consensus of opinion for the
firm and banks as to the best plan of ac
tion. The governing body then adjourned
until 3 o'clock.
Mr. Jamieson appointed four members
of the exchange on the sub-committee,
and J. H. Moore of Moore Brothers was the
first person visited. After a short confer
ence the five gentlemen emerged from the
private office of Mr. Moore, all looking
well pleased and satislied. Mr. Moore's
face particularly wbb wreathed in smiles.
But none would talk. Mr. Moore, on
being questioned, said:
"There will be nothing given out to-day,
but you can say in a general way that the
stock will be taken care of and everything
will be running in a few days as if nothing
had happened. The stock is as good as
gold, and nobody is going to be very
badly hurt."
NEvV YORK, N. V., Aug. 4.— The fail
ure of Moore Brothers of Chicago, the pro
moters of the Diamond Match Company
and the New York Biscuit Company, had
a demoralizing effect on stock prices here
at the opening to-day. Enormous
amounts of the leading issues were thrown
on the market, and prices dropped one
per cent or so between sales. The loss
during the first ten minutes of business
ranged from 1 to $% per cent, Western
stocks like Burlington, Northwestern and
St. Paul being the greatest sufferers.
At the New York Stock Exchange this
morning it developed that comparatively
little of Diamond Match and Biscuit stock
is held in this market, although it is be
lieved that considerable is held in loans by
Eastern anc 1 New York City financial in
stitutions. The officials in the New York
Bi?cuit Company, in this city, hardly
seemed disturbed this morning over the
reports of the Moore Bros.' failure in Chi
cago. Manager Thomas S. Oliive, wno is
also a director of the company, declared
that they felt no apprehension over the
Moore Bros.' failure, and that the Biscuit
Company was perfectly solvent.
Edwin Gould, the backer of the Conti
nental Match Company, being asked by a
representative of the United Associated
Presses for his opinion regarding the failure
of Moore Bros., promoters of the Diamond
Match Company, said : "It is only another
case of where the public has been misled
in the value of stock on account of the
high point to which speculation has car
ried ir."
"Diamond Match and New York Biscuit
are still good properties," said J. H.
Moore to a reporter after the sub-commit
tee of the Stock Exchange had called on
him. "I am not prepared to make a state
ment either of the liabilities or assets, be
cause I don't know what they are myself.
I will say this: Moore Bros, are not
broke, they are simply temporarily em
barrassed and will pull through all right.
The bankers and the Stock Exchange will
protect us and will come out all right.
Diamond Match is in prosperity and
worth more than we claim for it. Its earn
ing capacity has not nearly been reached.
We shall make a statement just as soon as
it can be prepared."
The governing committee of the Stock
Exchange held a second meeting this af
ternoon, but accomplished nothing. They
adjourned until noon to-morrow to await
the statement promised by John N. Moore
of the finances of Moore Brothers as to
their dealings in Diamond Match and New
York Biscuit stock. It was decided that
it would not do to reopen the exchange
until the Moore tangle is straightened out.
Offers were made around town during
this afternoon for batches of Diamond
Match stock all the way from 165 to 175,
but nobody seemed to care to sell.
P. D. Armour, who is supposed to be
one of the heaviest holders of Diamond
Match stock, took a hopeful view of the
situation when seen to-day. He did not
think that the failure of Moore Bros,
would affect any other securities than
Diamond Match and New York Biscuit,
and over these he does not expect any
panic, ia r. Armour said: "All the banks
have agreed to make no calls on the stock
until arrangements can be made and the
private individuals who hold stock are all
rich men and able to carry it, and so 1 see
no cause for apprehension."
The failure has caused little or no stir in
banking circles here. Lyman I. Gage,
president of the First National Bank, says
that institution has loaned some money
on Diamond Match stock. He added:
"The stock is good and we are not bother
ing our heads about it. As to the exchange
closing that is a matter of little import
once. The Chicago Stock Exchange is a
good place to buy, but a poor place to sell.
The brokers on the exchange are quite
excitable and I presume the closing did
cause quite a little commotion among
themselves."
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 4.— The failure of
Moore Bros, of Chicago and the closing of
the Chicago Stock Exchange created not
even a ripple of excitement in St. Louis
financial circles. There are some blocks
of Diamond Match stock held here, but
they were purchased outright ar much
lower figures than those now prevailing
and the owners have still a handsome
profit on the deal. On chance tne Moore
failure did not affect prices except indi
rectly and then only for a brief period.
St. Louis bears embraced the opportunity
to hammer the market and had a tempo
rary victory, but the bulls carried the day.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 4.— Upon the fail
ure of Mooreßrothers of Chicago becoming
known here there was a general break in
the prices of American railroad securities.
On the street they closed at a decline of
% to 2% on the day.
NO FUSION IN THEIRS.
Democrats of Indiana Don't Want Popu-
lists Upon the Electoral Ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 4— There
will be no fusion between the Populists
and Democrats in Indiana upon the
electoral ticket. The Populist State Con
vention, it will be remembered, left this
matter in the hands of a committee of
thirteen with power to act. The only
chance it will have to exercise this power,
however, will be in nominating a full
ticket of Populist electors. The Demo
cratic State Committee, the only body in
that party with any power in the matter,
is not disposed to meet then*) or concede
to them any share of the electoral ticket.
"There is no disposition in this commit
tee to fuse," said Chairman Holt of the
Democratic State Committee this evening.
"I am opposed to anything of that sort
and so is the majority of the committee.
Furthermore, our electors are already
nominated and there is no way of getting
them off the ticket unless they resign, and
I will not ask them to do that."
Anti-Free Silver Democrats.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 4.— A
largely attended conference of anti-free Sil
ver Democrats from all parts of Michigan
was held here to-day for the purpose of put
ting the State in the column of States
which will issue a call at Indianapolis
for a convention and ticket. Hon. Thos. A.
Wilson of Jackson was selected as Na
tional committeeman and twenty-two
prominent Democrats from different cities
were chosen as advisory delegates to go to
Indianapolis with the committeeman.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
FORTY VICTIMS
OF FIREDAMP,
Colliery Explosion in Wales
Makes Many Widows
and Orphans.
THE TELL-TALE SMOKE
Causes Hundreds of People to
Flock to the Mouth of
the Pit
PITEOUS SCENES OF GRIEF.
Frantic Wives of the Unfortunates
Attempt to Jump Down tha
Shaft.
LONDON. Eng., Aug. 4.— News has been
received here of a terrible disaster in
North Glamorganshire, Wales.
An explosion from firedamp occurred in
the Bryan Coach colliery this morning.
The debris has closed up the entrance so
effectually that forty miners are impris
oned, ft is not definitely known that the
men are dead. Very few people expect,
however, to find them alive. It is said
that the force of the explosion was suffi
cient to kill them, even if the noxious
gases did not complete the work.
For some days past there have been
rumors that the colliery was not properly
ventilated, but the miners paid no atten
tion to them. All of them went to work
this morning as usual. Not long after
they had gone down into the pit a dull,
rumbling noise was heard by some people
on the surface. Small columns of smoke
were seen issuing lrom the mouth of the
pit. Instantly the news spread around
that an explosion had occurred. Hun
dreds of people flocKed to the mouth of
the pit. Among the crowd were the fami
lies of the imprisoned miners. Most of
the men were married and had large fami
lies.
Plans were at once discussed about the
best way to reach the entombed men. At
first no rescuers would venture into the
pit, because it was known about the
noxious gases, and experienced miners
knew it meant certain death to go below
immediately after the explosion.
As soon as it was thought advisable a
rescue party descended. They found that
the force of the explosion had badly
wrecked the mine. Tons of debris piled
up in the entrances prevented any ap
proach to the inner portions of the colliery.
It is not known how long it will be be
fore any aid can be given the imprisoned
men. Small hope is entertained of get
ting help to them in time to save their
lives.
Piteous scenes of grief were enacted
among the families of the buried miners.
The women and children cried bitterly
and several of the wives of the men had
to be restrained from throwing themselves
into the pit.
CLEVER CA NADI ANS.
Seat the English in Mtmounting and
Jttemounting Big Guns.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 4.— ln the Shoey
buryneB3 repository competition, which
consisted in the dismounting of a 64
-pounder, its removal to a distance and its
remounting upon a new carriage, the
maximum time allowance for the work
being fourteen minutes, the Canadian
artillery team, which ip now on a visit to
this country, completed the task in 14
minutes 49 seconds.
The Canadians were heartily cheered for
their rapid work. Only two teams suc
ceeded in removing and remounting the
gun in less time than that taken by the
the foreign team. The presence of the
Canadian teams is drawing an unusually
large attendance to the competition.
Hassan Pasha Maltreated.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 4.— The Daily
News will publish to-morrow a dispatch
from its Athens correspondent saying
that Hassan Pasha, Governor of Herafc
lion, for refusing to admit a crowd of
armed Mussulmans to the town, was
dragged from his horse and maltreated,
sustaining serious injuries. The Mussul
mans thronged into the town and it was
found necessary to call out the troops to
restore order. The Christian residents of
the place were thrown into a panic. The
situation, according to this dispatch, was
never so critical as it is now.
Spitzbergen Crossed and Recrossed.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 4.— A dispatch
from Tromso, Norway, says that the ex
pedition organized in England by Sir W.
Martin Conway for the exploration of the
interior of Spitzbergen crossed the island
from west to east and back from east to
west in the middle of July. The crossing
was extremely difficult owing to the preva
lence of storms, fogs and floods. This is
the first crossing of Spitzbergen on record.
DELGADO'S INDEMNITY.
Flimsy Character of the Spanish Got.
ernment'a Case.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.-A special to the
Herald from Washington saya :
The insufficiency of the evidence sub
mitted by Spain to controvert the claim
for $100,000 indemnity demanded by the
United States in behalf of Dr. Jose Dei
gado has been shown to the Madrid Gov
ernment. Acting uuder instructions sent
by the State Department, Minister Taylor
made a reply to the Spanish note which
was an answer to the original demand
made by this Government in the Delgado
case. When the note was laid before the
department the flimsy c> aracter of the
Spanish ciaim was easily detected.
The necessary instructions were sent to
Minister Taylor, and that official, in a
note to the Spanish Minister of Foreign
Affairs, analyzed the evidence he dad
submitted and further struggled with the
original note with which the department
had in the meantime supplied him
The department will make no further
move in this case until the Spanish Gov
ernment makes answer to Mr. Taylor's
note. It is expected that the Spanish
Government will instruct Captain-General
Weyler to make further inquiries into the
case.
Murderer lacker Surrender*.
FINDLAY. Ohio, Aug. 4. — Amoe Decker,
the young man who killed George Miles
during a quarrel last evening by shooting
him through the stomach, was captured at
11 o'clock this evening by two young men
from this city who were driving near Raw
son. Decker claimed that he aid not
know he had killed Miles until he arrived
at Bluffton this evening, when some
friends informed him that Miles was dead
and that a mob of enraged citizens, as
sisted by two bloodhounds, were on his
trail. He then decided to return and give
himself up." : He claims that he only in
tended to scare Miles. : -".
FUNDS FOR THE CUBANS.
Sinews of War Shipped to the Insurgent
Officers— The Junta Is Also
Well Supplied.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 4.— An
evening pa^er says: The Cuban Junta in
the United States this week raised a fund
amounting to $325,000. Part of the money
ha* been changed into gold and is now on
shipboard bound for Cuba, where it will
be placed in the hands of the officers com
mandir n the insurgent army. The balance
has been retained by the heads of the
Junta in Philadelphia and New York, who
will use it in a way that will best serve
the Cuban cause.
Stuck in the let.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Aug. 4— Pro
fessor R. S. Tarr of Cornell University,
who started with Lieutenant Peary on an
Arctic geological expedition in the steamer
Hope, has written to his family in this
city that they are stuck in the ice. The
steamer is hung up in the floes of ice off
the Greenland coast. The letter was evi
dently hurriedly written and does not give
details. The last previously heard of the
Hope was when soe was spoken off the
Labrador coast Professor Tarr's letter
did not intimate that the vessel was in any
immediate danger.
Crops Ruined by Rains.
WHEELING, W. Va., Aug. 4.— Reports
from the interior of the State indicate an
almost complete destruction of wheat and
oat crops by the incessant rains. In the
northern portion of the State much of the
wheat was cut and put in the stacks sev
eral weeks ago. The rain kept the grain
so damp that much of it has sprouted. In
the farming districts in the Panhandle
producers will burn their oat and wheat
crops rather thau harvest them.
OUTLOOK FOB THE CROPS
Heat and Drought Damage Cot
ton and Tobacco in the
South.
Heavy Rains Seriously Retard the
Small-Grain Harvest in West
ern States.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 4.— Owing to ex
cessive heat and lack of rainfall over the
greater part of the Southern States the
week ending August 3 was less favorable
than the preceding week. The general
condition of cotton is not as good as was
reported in the bulletin of the previous
week, the intense heat having caused
much shedding and premature opening of
bolls.
The general condition of corn in the
principal corn States continues excellent.
In Southern Missouri, however, corn is
suffering for want of rain, and the
droughty conditions of the previous week
in Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas have
become more serious. Hot winds, with a
temperature of over 100 degrees, have pre
vailed in Oklahoma, causing serious in
jury to late corn.
The reports indicate that grain in shock
and stack has been much injured by the
excessive rains of previous weeks. The
spring wheat harvest is well advanced in
the southern portion of the spring w eat
regions, and the early sown is being cut in
the northern portion. North Dakota re
ports fair yields of early wheat, but much
of the late sown will not be cut. In Min
nesota spring wheat has been injured by
in sect 8.
Tobacco continues in good condition,
except in the Carolinas. Some cutting has
been done as far north as Pennsylvania.
Copious, well-distributed rains have
greatly benefited corn and other late crops
in South Dakota, but retarded tne small
grain harvest, which is nearly completed
in the south, far advanced in the central
and progressing in the northern counties.
Considerable crops have been ruined by
hail in the soutdern counties.
Nebraska — The showery week has hin
dered thrashing and stacking of small
grain and caused some damage to grain in
shock and stack. Corn has been growing
rapidly, and early planted is in roasting
ear in southern counties. Corn continues
in unusually fine condition except in a
few southwestern counties, where it is be
low the average in condition.
Kansas — Generally dry week, except fine
rains in central northern counties and in
Ford County. Conditions generally are
favorable to growing crops, maturing of
corn, thrashing and haying, except, in Ma
rion and Osborne counties, where late
corn is damaged.
lowa— Continued wet and cloudy weath
er, retarding stacking and thrashing.
Many shocks of oats are rotting and
sprouting, with considerable damage to
spring wheat in shocks. Corn generally is
very promising. Potatoes, pastures and
the second crop of clover are making luxu
riant growth.
LETTERS OF ACCEPTANCE.
Xational Party Candidates Advocate the.
r Or erOirow of the Drink Traffic.
ALLIANCE, Ohio, Aug. 4.— The formal
letters of acceptance of the National party
candidates for President ami Vice-Presi
dent—Charles E. Bentley of Lincoln, Nebr.,
and James H. Southgate of Durham, N. C.
— have been received at the National head
quarters of the party in this city. After
referring to the causes that brought the
National party into existence, which he
says were found in the corrupt rule of con
trolling parties, Mr. Bentiey discusses the
prohibition plank and says: "The com
plete overthrow of the drink traffic in the
several States rests for its accomplishment
upon full prohibitory legislation by Con
gress, including the repeal of all revenue
laws that by Federal taxation of liquor
protect and fortify the iniquity."
Woman's suffrage are lauded and the
arguments for free silver are rehearsed at
great length. The public schools, immi
gration, stricter Sabbath laws and direct
legislation are other topics that he dis
poses of, and he pledges himself, if elected,
to carry out all the provisions of the
party platform.
The letter of the Vice-Presidential nom
inee, J. H. Southgate, is in a strain sim
ilar to that of Mr. Bentley's. He thariKs
the convention for making him the can
didate and is willing to accept the duties
of the position. He observes that his
party wants to serve the whole people as
public servants and not as partisan
masters in the evolution of a fuller and
nobler National life.
The Alabama"! Election.
MONTGOMERY", Ala., Aug. 4.— Later
news is less favorable to the Democratic
ticket. The "wire-grass" region of South
east Alabama, a white section, is reported
to have gone pretty largely for the Fopu
list ticket. The count is slow, because of
the official ballot, and mojt of the polling
places are remote from telegraph offices.
There is no reason to believe, however,
that the Democratic ticket has not won by
fully 25,000 majority.
Barnard for Governor.
CONCORD, N. H., Aug. 4— The first
State convention of the National Prohibi
tion party was held here to-day. Only six
delegates were present. Charles E. Drury
of Bath was elected chairman. George W.
Barnard o'. Claremont was nominated for
Governor. The National platform was re
affirmed and adopted and all the candi
dates indorsed.
LOS ANGELES
DEAD ACCUSED,
Francisco Yndart Snes for
the Wealth of the
Coronels.
WANTS AN ACCOUNTING
Claims His Mother Was Robbed
by Her Brother, the Late
Don Antonio.
STORY OF BETRAYED TRUST.
Property Left to the Woman Is
Alleged to Have Been Taken
hy Fraud.
Los Akgelks Office of the Call,)
328 South Bkoadwat, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 4. J
Dr. C. Edgar Smith and his wife, for
merly the widow of Antonio Coronel, will
lose the immense fortune which Mrs,
Smith inherited from her late husband, if
a suit filed to-day by Francisco Yudart is
successful. In Yndart's complaint an at
tack is made upon the integrity of his de
ceased uncle, the former husband of
Mariana Smith. The suit is to recover
$113,000 in money and-other property now
in possession of Executrix Smith.
The plaintiff claims that Yndart's
mother's share in the estate of her father,
Ygnacio Coronel, was appropriated by
Don Antonio Coronel in his lifetime.
Don Antonio, tne eldest son, was en
trusted with the management of the es
tate, and it is claimed that by means of
deeds he acquired title to bis sister's share
that should have been held in trust for her
and Francisco, the litigant in the present
action.
A will purporting to be that of Soledad
Yndart. figures in the case, and the testi
mony will lay bare the inner history of
one of the famous old families of Southern
California. Some interesting questions
are involved in the case, and it is said that
as it progresses there will be sensational
developments, including a charge of at
tempted forgery.
The plaintiff demands that the execu
trix disclose the accounts of the estate;
that certain contracts made between Don
Antonio Coronel and Francisco be re
scinded and set aside, as well as the deeds;
that the plaintiff be adjudged entitled to
an undivided one-fifth interest in the tract
of land claimed to have been held in trust,
and a conveyance of it made to him ; also
that he have judgment for $86,062 and in
terest The case is in Judge Shaw's de
partment of the Superior Court.
RECOVERED FROM THE SEA.
Rancher Gee's Body Washed, Ashore
year Long Beach.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 4.— The body
of Jasper Gee, the Downey rancher who
was drowned at Long Beach a week ago,
was found yesterday morning on the
shore, a mile west of Long Beach, by Ed
Kiraball. An inquest revealed the fact
that two men were swimming near Gee,
when the strong undertow took him out to
sea- They heard his call for help, but
were unable to save him. His last words
were :
"Oh, my poor wife — what will she do?"
Gee's wife and three daughters, who
were tenting on the beacn. witnessed the
tragedy, but could render no assistance.
Finds a Queer Shellfish.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., A ug. 4.— E. H.
Mix made a curious discovery on the
beach near Redondo Saturday in the
shape- of a soft-sbelled sea animal. Tt is
shaped somewhat like an abalone. In color
it resembles the crab, being of a pinkish
tint, shading off to a buff on the under part.
Though undoubtedly a shellfish, its
strange covering is not hard and varies in
thickness at both ■> extremes - on ; the , back.
Uuderneath are two rows of feelers, set in
semicircular grooves along each side of
the body. Mr. Mix is preserving i the
strange object and intends to submit it to
some scientist for classification, as no one
has yet been able to identify it. '
. . m "" ' ' ■' '-' '-. . ■ .
Walnut- Growers Meet.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 4.— The
walnut-growers of Southern California
met here this morning to discuss the grad
ing and marketing of the crop. C. A.
Coffman of Riverside believed in two first
class grades, according to size. Mrs.
Strong wanted a fancy grade of paper nuts,
easily crushed in the hand, to be sold at a
fancy price, for table use. Lydmer, Ross,
Snow, Mendelsohn and many others
joined in the discussion. Snow offered a
resolution that all walnuts except the
paper-shell be graded through a one-inch
mesh, and that two grades be^prepared for
market. The resolution passed.
SEATTLE JAIL TRAGEDY.
Wife- Murderer Lawrence Cumniings
Commit* Suicide in Hit Cell.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 4.— Confronted
by the stern realization that he would
within a few days have to answer to the
charge of murder for killing his wife on
June 11 and also for an attempt upon the
life of his daughter, ex-Street Commis
sioner Lawrenre Cummings, at 1 o'clock
this morning, in his cell at the County
Jail, ended his life by shooting himself
through the head.
Great surpribe is expressed by citizens
here that the prison officials allowed Cum
mings to have a pistol in his cell. No one
seems to be able to explain it. There has
evidently been gross carelessness on some
one's part if there was not criminal parti
cipation in furnishing the murderer with
a revolver. Some of the people say that a
friend gave him the weapon. There will
probably be a rigid investigation into the
affair.
SAILS FROM THE OR IENT.
The first Steamer of the Seattle-Japan
Line Aotr b.n lioute.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 4.— According
to a cablegram received by Agent James
Griffiths, the Miike Maru, the maiden
steamer of the Nippan Yusen Kabuchiki
Kaisha (Japanese Mail Steamship Com
pany) line, recently established between
Seattle and Japan and to be operated in
conjunction with tiie Great Northern Rail
road, sailed from Kobe on Saturday last,
and will depart from Yokohama, her last
Japanese port, to-morrow, making the
trip via Honolulu. The Miike Maru has a
cargo of 4»)00 tons of tea and other mer
chandise. She is expected to arrive at
this port on August 30.
Strange Freak of a Lunatic.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 4.— Women in
the southern portion of this county are in
a state of terror by reason of the antics of
a lunatic, who has been tying little girls,
in the absence of male members of the
family, to chairs and then severing their
tresses with a gair of shears.
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.. - . .
aTet^or
THAT'S A
SWEET WARBLER!
WE STRUCK THE RIGHT CHORD
WHEN WE PUT THOSE
VERY FASHIONABLE PLAID SUITS
ON SALE AT
It has roused the fashionable dressers in this town up to such a
pitch of enthusiasm that's caused an overflow in our big
—SUIT DEPARTMENT
It's right swell stuff. , The tailoring, aside from the fashion-
able fabrics, commends itself to every man that has heretofore
been a patron of those tailors that make suits to order from $40 to
$75. The fabrics are pretty, but the tailoring excels anything
ever seen in this city before. These plaids are so swell that you
shouldn't be without one. We just included' these plaids in this
sale for a flyer, and they're flying off the tables pretty lively. ■ The
vests are made with flaps on the pockets. ' They're just as swell as
anything can be. _
— : r r. — : — — rr ■ ■
The
New
Autumn
Top
Coats.
The new Autumn Overcoat is
a very swell affair. It is one of
the prettiest overcoats for early
fall wear that we have shown in
many a day. Made from those
fine English Covert Cloths, in
tan shades, many different
shades to select from ; garments
that haven't their peer in
America at any price.
They're included in this offer
at
$10.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
That Much Imitated Store.
We'll Just
Overwhelm You
With Swell Suits at
$10.00.
It isn't our regular $10 goods,
you know ; it's lines of suits that
we have sold all the way up to
$20. There's those very Swell
Plaids; those very pretty Blue
and Black Serge Cheviots ; those
fine Black Thibets and those
very clever English Worsteds in
black, in either single or double-
breasted sacks; also in cuta-
ways. It's a great pick you're
having now at
$10.00.
High=Class
Dressy Clothes.
Whoever thought they would
be able to get a Fine Black Clay
Worsted Cutaway Suit, with
trousers to match, or striped
ones, made from very fine black
clay worsted and tailored in an
excellent manner for
$10.00.
It's one of those things that in
the past you would have never
dreamed of— that of getting a
Black Clay Worsted Suit for
$10.00.
It's unusual with us, but
they'll be $10 for just a few
days.
MFHAM
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13, 15 Keamy St.
34
ENDS HER LIFE
AT SANTA ROSA.
Mrs. Mary McCormick of
San Francisco Takes
Poison.
YEARNED FOR THE DEAD
Made Despondent by the Loss of
Husband, Daughter and
Grandchild.
LEAVES NO WORD TO FRIENDS
Six Months Ago Her Youngest Girl
Died by Her Own Hand at
San Jose.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 4.— Mrs.
Mary McCormick, who formerly resided
at 2248 Folsom street, San Francisco, was
found dead in her bed this morning. She
arrived here last night from San Fran
cisco to visit a friend, Mrs. J. A. Todd,
who resides on Healdsburg avenue. She
was despondent because of recent
business reverses and the death of friends
and relatives.
Two years ago her husband died, and
scarcely six months have elapsed since
her youngest daughter, a beantifnl and
accomplished young lady, took her own
life while visiting in San Jose. Four
weeks ago a baby granddaughter died, and
the sorely bereaved woman had been
often heard to say that she would gladly
join her loved ones in the other world.
Mrs. Todd attempted to cheer and com
fort her guest and left her in her room at
an early hour this morning. At 9 o'clock
the family became alarmed and entered
the room of their guest and found her
upon the bed cold in death. A glass by
the bedside in which the crystals of
strychnine could still be seen gave evi
dence of the cause of death.
Mrs. McCormick left no word of fare
well, but a sealed letter addressed to Vir
gil Moore, the Santa Rosa a^ent of Thk
Call, was found. This proved to be a let
ter of introduction from a San Francisco
lady and threw bo light upon the sad af
fair. '
ROYAL YACHT REGATTA.
Exciting Contests Over a Fifty-Mile Course
Which Were Hard for the Judges
to Decide.
COWES, Exg., Aug. 4.— The regatta of
the Royal Yacht Squadron, of which the
Prince of Wales is commodore, began to
day under favorable auspices of wind and
weather. This regatta is the event of the
year in the English yachting world, and
the large number of boats here yesterday
when the regatta of the Royal London
Yacht Club took place was augmented by
many late arrivals last night. The
grounds about the clubhouse of the Royal
Yacht Squadron w*»re thronged with a
fashionable crowd to see the race for the
Queen's cup, which last year was won by
Hon. V. Montagu's cutter Czarina,
The race was open to all yachts belong
ing to tha squadron. The course was
from the castle westward to and around
the Lymington split buoy, thence east
ward to and around the bullock patch
buoy, outside the Nab lightship, and back
to Cowes — fifty miles. This was a change
from the usual manner of sailing over the
course, the yachts to-day going first to
the westward instead of to the eastward,
as is generally the case. A good steady
breeze was blowing from the northwest
when the start was made and, this made
the point of sailing to the first mark a
close reach.
The starters were Emperor William's
Meteor, the Prince of Wales' Britannia,
Mr. John Gretton Jr.'s Hester and Captain
James Orre Wing's Mohawk. The Meteor
crossed the line first, but the Britannia
was close up and had the advantage of
having the weather position. The other
yachts followed in procession. The race
throughout was a close one between the
Meteor and Britannia. The Meteor was
the hrst to cross the finish line art 4:45:30,
followed by the Britannia, 4:46:40.
The Hester and Mohawk were consider
ably behind, but as they had a large time
allowance from the Meteor it apparently
required much figuring on the part of the
judces to decide which boat had really
won the race.
The result was the same as In yester
day's race, when the judges first an
nounced that the Britannia had won and
later reversed their decision in favor of
the Caress, which took the prize on time
allowance. The Meteor on to-day's course
allowed the Britannia 15 minutes, the Hes
ter 45 minutes and the Mohawk 1 hour and
20 minutes.
The judges got mixed up and first
announced that the Hester was the win
ner. The Mobawk was the last to finish
and the judges after a little further figur
ing discovered that she had saved her
time by three minutes and had, therefore,
won on her allowance.
The other big raters, the Ailsa and
Satanita, did not start in the race for the
Queen's cup, they having entered in the
regatta of the Royal Southampton Yacht
Club, which was sailed in Southampton
water. Interest in this last mentioned
regatta was centered in the two big cutters.
The race was won by Ailsa.
BICYCLE RECORDS BROKEN.
"What's the Matter With Raid?"— " He's
All Right." ;
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 4.— Two
State and one world's record smashed
made 3000 people go wild with enthusiasm
at the bicycle races to-day. There was a
stiff breeze blowing from the south, but
wonderful time was made in spite of it.
Bald first went for the third of a mile fly
ing start world's record of 33 3-5, made by
Hamilton at Coronado, Cal., March 2, 1896.
He was paced by L. C. Johnson, of Cleve
land, G. D. Grant and J. T. Eperson of
Detroit, on a triplet. The crowd fairly
held their breath from the time the pistol
v.'as fired until Eddie came over the tape.
When it was announced that the time was
33 seconds flat — lowering the world's re
cord 3-5 of a second — the crowd broKo
forth with cheers that rocked the grand
stand. When the cheers had subsided
someone called out: "What's the matter
with Bald?" and the audience as one
person answered "He's all right."
Ralph Hamburg of Port Huron then
went for the quarter-mile world's amateur
record of :25 1-5, made at Waltnam, No
vemDer, 1894. He was paced by a triplet,
but wa» not faat enough for the world's
record, his time being :2f> flat, which
lowers tDe State record two-fifths of a
second.
"Cannonball" Eddie then went for the
two-thirds-miie record, made by Hamil
ton, at Coronado, Cal., March 2, 1896, but
his pacers were too slow, Bald beating
them in 1:12 2-5, which ia the State
record.
Harry Hart of Grand Rapids then went
for the one-third- mile vn paced standing
start track record, making it irf > :40 4-5,
which lowers the previous record one
lift h of a second.
The crowd again went wild when Snnger
won the professional half-mile handicap.
He was a scratch man against a field of
ten, with A. F. Binpenheimer of Milwau
kee at 238 yards; William Sanger, Walter's
brother, at 130 yards, and K. C. Tinkhani,
a local crack, at 200 yards. Tinkham kept
the lead until the stretch, with Walter
Saneer in ths rear. As they came to the
stretch Sanger crept up and won the race
by two lengths.
INTERNATIONALL CBESS.
How the Crack Players Came Out in the
Fourteenth Round.
NUREMBERG, Bavabia, Aug. 4.— The
fourteenth round of the International
Chessmasters' tournament was played in
this city to-day. The results were as fol
lows:
Janowsky beat Steinitz in a Queen's gambit
declined after 45 mov«s,
Walbrodt beat Tschlgorln in a Philadores
defense after 4(i moves.
charousek beat Porges in a Scotch gambit
after 45 moves.
AH. in beat Blackburne In a Falkner srambit
alter 3D moves.
Pillnbury beat Teichman in a Giuoco Piano
after 4<3 moves.
Schiffers beat Schowalter In a Queen's gam
bit declined after 66 moves.
Lasker beat Winamer in a Ruy Lopez game
after 71 moves.
Schallipp and Schlutter drew a Vienna game
after 71 moves.
Tbe game between Maroczy and Marco, a
Ginoco Piano, was adjourned.
Tarrasco had a bye.
The game left unfinished in the thirteenth
round, a Queen's gambit declined, was won by
Steinitz against Porges after nearly 100 moves.
Butchered by a Lunatic.
PROVIDENCE, Kt., Aug. 4.-Near
Clay, eight miles west of here, Tom
Brown, an insane husband, butchered his
family at midnight. Mother-in-law, wife
and baby were cut and beaten with an ax
and will probably die. Brown went to a
neighbor's after the deed and expected to
be shot. He is in custody.
ALBANY'S YOUNG HERO,
Roy La Porte Saves Two Girls
From Drowning in the
Columbia.
Drags Them Along the Bed of tha
River Until Shallow Water
Is Reached.
ALBANY, Ob., Aug. 4.— The bravery
and grit of Roy La Porte, a 17-year-old
youth of this city, is worthy of recognition
by all the humane societies in the country.
He saved Lizzie Mil!oy and Agnes Bury
from drowning in the Columbia River
on Saturday. He chanced to pass by
while they were bathing in conventional
costumes, and a moment later he beard
them shriek. Retracing his step?, young
La Porte saw the girls struggling for life.
Without divesting himself of a stitch of
clothinar he sprang into the water. As he
reached the girls one of them clutched
him around the neck, rendering him almost
helpless. The other girl in her terror
seized her companion and the trio sank
with a seemingly remote prospect of ever
rising again. With almost abnormal
strength La Porte freed himself and man
aged to bring the eirls to the surface once
more. In another instant they sank
again. This time La Porte, who had not
lost his presence of mind, made no further
attempt to free himself, but crawled alons
the bed of the river until he reached shal
low water, dragging the two helpless girls
with him.
When La Porte reached the shore he
fell exhausted to the ground. At this
moment A. E. Bloom arrived on the scene
and assisted in saving the lives of the un
conscious girls ny rolling them over the
ground to force the water from their lungs.
La Porte and the young ladies are recov
ering from the effects of their adventure
in the river.
PORTLAND'S LUCKY MAN.
Escapes Alive After Being Struck by a
River Steamer and Run Over
by a Scow.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 4.— The steamer
Baker passed through the draw of the
steel bridge yesterday morning hav
ing in tow a ballast barge. Boatman
James Dudley was at the time rowing
across the river in a skiff. As the steamer
passed through the draw it was seen that
the small boat containing Dudley was im
mediately in its way. To the whistles
from the boat and shouts of its officers
Dudley for some reason paid no heed, he
apparently being oblivious to his danger.
The pilot of the Baker rang for full speed
astern, yet the churning of the steamer's
whefll on its reversed motion did not seem
to attract Dudley, and a second later the
steamer's prow crashed into the side
ot the skiff, carrying under boat and oc
cucant.
Dudley rose once after being struck, but
the suction of the moving steamer, its
headway not yet having been stopped,
proved sufficient to again draw the unfor
tunate man under, only for him to appear
again immediately beneath the paddle
wheel, which in its now slow moving in
response to the bells from the pilot-house,
still had force sufficient to fracture Dud
ley's right clavicle, as one of the buckets
struck him in the breast.
The injured man sank again, this time
being drawn beneath tne bow of the scow.
To the onlookers it seemed ages before the
ponderous hulk had cleared the place in
the river where the man went down, and
when at last Dudley's head shot up from
beneath the stern of the barge a shout
went up from those who witnessed, the hc
cident from the docks.
It was at once scan that those on the
steamer would be powerless to help, as tne
current was fast carrying the vessel down
stream. A rush was made for a boat lying
beside a scow on the river bank. Sturdy
arms sent this craft swinging out into the
river to the rescue. When taken into the
boat Dudley was found to be more dead
than alive, but he will recover. Such won
derful pluck and endurance as he showed
in keeping afloat after his, repeated im
mersions is almost unparalleled.
PURE MILK IN SAN MATEO.
County Supervisors Settle a Mooted Sani-
tary Problem.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Aug. 4.-As a
result of agitation aaainst impure and un
wholesome milk in San Francisco, the
Board of Supervisors have passed an
ordinance, although framed in general
language, is aimed at the inspection of
dairies. The ordinance organizes San
Mateo County into a sanitary district, un
der the supervision of a Board of Health,
consisting of ex-Sheriff W. H. Kinne of
Redwood City. Dr. I. R. Goodspeed of San
Matvo and W. J. Martin of Baden, who
are to serve for two years without com
pensation. They have general supervi
sion over the sanitary condition of the
county, and are authorized to appoint, sub
ject to the approval of the Board of Super
visors, a veterinary surgeon to inspect and
report upon the health and condition of
the livestock of the county.
A majority of the leading dairymen of
the county appeared before the board to
advocate the passage of the ordinance.
Addresses were made by R. G. Sneath and
C. W. Tabor, who said it was the desire of
all reputable dairymen to have a thor
ough but fair and reasonable inspection
of not only all cows, but of the premises
and sanitary condition of the dairies as
well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 18516.
CLOSE FINISHES
AT PETALUMA.
The Lovers of Horse-Racing
Enjoy a Day's Rare
Sport.
SAN LUSITO'S VICTORY.
Wins the 2:20 Pace by Taking
the Last Three Heats
Out of Seven.
ALIAS FIRST IN THE TROT
Robin Hcoi, at Long Odds, Noses Oat
Seaside ia a S x-Furlong
Sprint.
PETALUMA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The open
ing day of the race meet was a great suc
cess. To-nieht enthusiastic horsemen are
loud in their praise of the management,
and the most successful fair of years is
assured. The hotels are crowded and the
gambling fraternity, with its parapher
nalia and gambling outfits, is represented
in large numbers. The grandstand was
well filled to-day, the better class of Peta
lnma's society turning out in force, while
the infisld was crowded with vehicles of
all descriptions.
Head and head finishes in the running
events, and bitterly-fought-out struggles
in the pace caused the crowd to go wild
with enthusiasm. The like of the 2:30
pace will probably not be witnessed on
the circuit again this year, and the game
animals that contested therein are en
titled to a well-earned rest from toil for
some days to come. At the conclusion
the crown of victory was won by San
Lusito, a rangy looking horse by Monroe
Chief, who proved himself a stayer by
taking the last three heats of seven,
handled by the clever knight of the rib
bons, "Jimmy" Sullivan.
The gentlemen officiating in the judges'
stand were Messrs. W. P. McNair, E. H.
Winship and R. S. Brown, and they per
formed their duties to the satisfaction of
all. W. R. Overholser, G. Hyett and Wil
liam Graham held the timers' watches.
W. P. McNair's starting was the best the
man from Wichita has done this year,
and on several occasions he was loudly
cheered.
Starting Judge McNair made the an
nouncement from the stand that the
purses offered for the trotting and pacing
events would be paid to the owner of the
successful horse at the conclusion of the
race, which was the occasion for applause
from the crowd.
While the betting had a tendency at
times to become sluggish, it was cood for
an opening day, the four winners — Alias,
San Lusito, Robin Hood and Howard — all
being well supported. Owing to the sud
den illness of John Humphrey, the book
making privilege was controlled by Abe
Stein, with Al Leach's familiar voice being
heard to its usual good advantage in the
auction box.*
The hrst event to absorb the attention of
the crowd was the 2:40 trot. There were
five starters, with Alas, a handsome
daughter of Woolsey, selling a 10 to 8
choice over the field. It was like eating
honey and warm biscuits for her to place
the race to her credit in 2:19)^, 2:191^ 2:21,
whicL. ./no could have improved upon.
Second money went to Twilight, which
made an excellent showing, finishing sec
ond in the first two heats.
Next came the 2:20 pace, with a field of
six "wigglers" coining out for the word.
Sindwood at first sold first choice, later
giving way to Adele. As the horses came
ont, the field was bringing $10, Adele $9
and Sinawood ?5. Palatina drew the pole
position and headed her field until within
200 yards of the wire, where she broke
under punishment and Sindwood, which
was at her side, took the heat in a length
in 2:18. The heat winner now had the
call, bringing $10, with the field going for
$7 and Palatina $6. Palatina snatched the
inside position at the turn, but went into
the air nearing the half and was passed by
Adele. Sindwood came with his usual
rusn at the end, and amid great excite
ment gained the verdict from the mare by
half a length in 2:l9>£. Palatina was a
good third.
Sindwood now brought |9, with the field
in good demand at $10. San Lusito.
heavily played to capture this, the third
heat, broke his hopper, but saved his dis
tance, Sindwood held the lead to the
half, when Adele passed him and beat the
tiring son of "Old Man" Willet's blaok
tornado Silkwood easily by three lengths
in 2:22^'.
Before the fourth heat there was no
betting, the talent taking time to guess
again. To the surprise of all, Palatina,
supposed to be a back number, took the
rail position from Adele on making the
first turn, and leading her a merry chase
to the wire set everybody (even the judges)
to thinking by jogging under the wire
first in 2:22.
The chestnut mare was now favorite
over the field, and it looked as though the
fifth was to be a repetition of the heat
preceding, when Sullivan put in a bid
with San Lusito, and in a heart-disease
finish to the wire got the despised
outsider there first by a length and a half,
and the confusion following was some
thing awful among speculators. It was
all Ban Lusito now, and Sullivan's horse
placed the next two heats and race to his
credit in 2:24^, 2:23%. Both Palatina
and Adele were game to the last, and pity
it was there were not three first moneys.
Ten bangtails went to the post in a six
furlong selling dash. The "real thing"
was Seaside, with little Barker up, carry
ing 87 pounds, backed from 1% to 1 to 8 to
5. To a zip-boom-ah sort of a start Robin
Hood, a 6 to 1 shot, ridden by "Sneets"
Martin, gained the decision by a breath
on tue wire in 1:15"^, with Two Cheers,
the even - money iavoTite, but a neck
further away.
The concluding race was also over six
furlongs, with ten going into the starter's
hands. Howard and Sea Spray, both at
2% to 1, and Favory at 3. commanded the
most backing. Ames on Howard took
things easy until striking the stretch,
when he shook hi 3 mount up and drawing
away won easily by three length* in 1:15.
In a hard drive Lloyd, astride of Quarter
staff, a 10 to 1 choice, took the place from
"Doc" Robbins' entry, Hallelujah, which
at one time looked a possible winner with
her catchweight up.
Trotting, 2:40 class. 3 In 5: purge f 500.
Alias, h. m. by Wooisoy by Dei .-jur (Games) 111
Twilight, b m., by Noonday (Gannon) a 2 4
Millie L, b. m.. by Yosemite (Cuicllo) 3 3 2
Niece, b. m., by Banglot (Hoibrook) 4 4 3
Favor, or. h,, by Daly (Norrls) 5 dls
Time, 2:19i£— 2:19H— 2:21.
Pacing, 2:20 class, 3 in 5; purse $300.
San liUsito, br. ii., by Mouroe .Chief.. , : 5 MH
........(^ulllvan) 5443 111
Slndwood, bile, h., by 511kw00d.Y.....
. ...^. ....:....... .:..:. (Hodges) 112 484 4
Palatina, en. m., by Tom 8ent0n..... ;••.-.■.
;:."..".•...;..■..;....... ......'. (Bennett) 2 3 3 12 2 3
Adele, b. m., by Dexter 1 nnce .:..:. - -.. .--.-:
... i ;...-.;.:.-r 1 ...-...;....:..(iJander5) 4 2 12 4 3 2
Earthquake, b. li.. by Sidney.:.;..;... i. ■-
ss«^.-;.r.;;..~Tr.T."'. (Marchaud) 3 6 dlst
Colonial, eh. g., by Hamlet../.. ....:..• •. •
......-........"...;.::. ..(Th0mp50n) dlst
Time, 2:18— 2:l9Vi-2:a2V2— a:22-2:'J2-2:243 / 4"
■y — 2:23%; ' ■ ;: ■ :>■-.-,
Running, six furlongs, selling, purse $300—
C. Boyd's eh. h. Robin Hood, by Forrester
(Martin), first; P. Siebsnthtuer'g eh. m. Sea
side, by Mariner (Burke), second; Floodmore
stable's b. g. Two Cheers, by Three Cheers-Miss
Emma Snider (Evans), third. Time, I:l5J^.
Faro, Juan. Bernardo, Nevere, Miss Cunnine
ham, Joe Hill, Manford and Landlord also ran.
Running, six furlongs, purse $300— Mrs.
Dolan's eh. j?. Howard, by Tyrant-May Howard
(Ames), first; Lindell stabie's b. h. Quarter
stuff, by imp. Friar Tuck (Lloyd), second; John
Robbins' b. f. Hallelujah, by imp. Marten
hurst (Wood), third. Time, 1:15. Circe, Favory,
Torpedo, Broad Billow, Sea Spray and Blue
Bell also ran.
The special feature of to-morrow will be
the mile handicap. The entries, with the
weights assigned, are as follows: Fred
Gardner 114, Two Cheers 109, Trix 105,
Arnette 103, Faro 102, Warrago 94, Regan
90, Broad Billow 90, Yucatan 89, Nevere
83, Torpedo 75.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
CLUBa
Won
Lost.
Lent.
Cincinnati
Baltimore '.'.'..'.
Cleveland .' ......
Chicago , *
Pittsburg. .."'...'"
Boston '.'.".l""*'..'
Brooklyn. .
Philadelphia."'
NPwYork
Washington...
St. Louis "
Louisville
6--'
57
67
63
48
46
39
«9
36
34
28
21
29
27
31
40
39
3f>
46
47
50
49
60
63
.681
.678
.647
.689
.651
.541
.458
.463
.418
.409
.318
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 4.— The Cleveiands
bunched five of their nine hits in the eighth
inning and won somewhat ea«ily. Up to that
time Friend was in great form. Young was
not hit much, but at the right time. The play
ing was brilliant on both Bides. Pfeffer was
fined $10 for objecting to a decision that really
lost the Colts the gome. Attendance 5500.
Score: Chicagos — 4, 8, 1 ; Clevelands— 6, 9. 3.
Batteries— Friend and Kittr edge, Young and
Zimmer. Umpire— Emslie.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Aug. 4.— Pittsburg caught
on to Hill's delivery in ihc tenth inning end
batted out a victory. Attendance 1500.
Score: Louisvillee— s, 13. 4; Pittsburgs, 9,
11, 4. Battpries— Hili, Holmes aud< Dexter;
Klllen i\nd Jf ;rritt. Umpire— McFarland.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 4.— The New Yorks
won a ten inning game from the Washingtons
to-tiay and crawled out of the tenth place.
Beckley was instrumental in winning the
game, as he sent in four runs with his batting
and scored one himself. Attendance 3000.
Score: New Yorks— 6, lo, 7; Washingtons— s,o.
4. Batteries— Meekin and Warner; German
and McQuire. Umpire— Hurst.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Pearl C and Lottie I-orain Each Pace a
Mile in 2:06 l-Z.
1 COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 4. — The
weather was excellent for racing and the
track was in excellent condition; to-day.
In the 2:09 pace, the best pacing record
for mares, made by Angie D at Chicago,
was broken twice, first by Pearl C in
2:o6>^;and later by Lottie Lorain in the
same time. . None of the watches ,in the
stand, except that of the official timers,
gave Lottie Lorain so low a record, all
showing her time over 2:07, which was the
best record up 'to to-day. There is no
doubt about Pearl C's I record to-day, how-'
ever. Summary: : ' v ■
2:27 class, trotting (unfinished from yester
day), purse $1500. Philomides won, Hesperus
second, Excel third. Best time, 2:17},. •
-2:25 class, trotting, purse $1500, Emma
Offut won, Valence second, ' Nancy! L: third.
Best time, 2:12^. :••--.. , : .:
2:09 pace, purse' $1500, Lottie Lorain won,
Alfrite second, Pearl C third. Best time,
2:06 U.
2:19 class, trotting, purse $1500, Bessie
Wilton won, Lillie Young second, Geddes
third. Best time, 2 :09^.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V.; Aug. Five
eighths of a mile, Karma won, Dalgrette sec
ond, Right Royal third. Time, l:o2j£ .- . :
Five-eighths of a mile, Bnisun won, Tem
pestuous second, Successful third. Time, 1 :02.
One and a sixteenth miles, Sir Francis won,
Chnenut second, Pearl Song third. Time,
I:4B}*.
: Three-fourths of & mile, Refugee won, Zanone
second, Beldemere third. Time, 1:14J4.
Five-eighths of a mile, Cleophus won. Miss
Prim second, Lady Mitchell • third. Time,
1:01%. • - ■
. ' One mile, Lehman won, The Winner second,
Gotham third. Time, 1 :89 5 4-
ST. LOUIS, Mo.', Aug. 4.— Three-quarters of a
mile, Fannie Rowcna won, Virgin second,
Mm. Bradshaw third. Time, 1:15& /■ .
Mile, Hot Stuff won, Our Maggie second,
Sycamore third. Time, 1:44.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Bob Milliken won,
imp. Thorn second, Pitfall third. Time, 1:29.
Mile and a sixteenth, Ace won, Jane second, .
Whisper third. Time, 1:48^.
Five-eighths of a mile, Sea Robber won, Bill
Dawdy second, Uncle Pat third. : Time, 1 :04.
ON THE ENGLISH TURE.
broker* Yale fTint the Mace for the
Rrookside Plate.
LONDON, Ekg.. Aug. 4.— This was the
secoud day of the Rip St. Wilfred meet
ing. The race for the Claro plate was won
by Leopold de Rothschild's bay filly
Valide. £. Wishard's bay gelding George
H. Ketcham, an American horse, was sec
ond, and Mr. Vyner's brown colt King
Crow third.
The August meeting at Brighton opened
to-day and the racing will continue for
three days. The principal event on the
card to-day was the race for the Brookside
plate, which was won by Richard Croker's
Yale, who started at odds of 6 to 4 against.
Pit Croy was second and Liscard third.
The Afriston plate of 100 sovereigns, for
horses that had never won, was won by
Beuregarde; Bauvais II was second and
Mitre third. Richard Croker's chestnut
gelding, Tennessee, also ran, but was not
placed.
Eau Gallic (late Utica), formerly the
property of Richard Croker, but now
owned by Si Barry, won the race for the
Patchem stakes; Manxman was second
nnd Half and Half third. The last betting
was 5 to 1 against Eau Gallic, 2 to 1
against Manxman and 7 to 2 against Half
and Half.
After the race for the Brookside plate
Richard Croker's Yale was bought by Mr.
Rucker for 50 guineas. Eau Gallic, the
winner of the Patchem stakes, was bought
in for 350 guineas.
Crooked Turfmen,
KENOSHa, Wis., Aug. 4.— The Han
kinds-Burke-Condon crowd, which has
been ousted from Rodney, Ind., pNarchased
land for a racetrack in this county yester
daj and say the track will be in operation
in thirty days. The location is at Russell,
on the Milwaukee and St. Paul railway,
eight miles from Kenoshn.
The tract of land consists of about forty
acres, and it is announced that the track
will be built and be in running order by
September 1. it will be controlled by the
Hankinds people, who made an effort to
get a tract of land near here about six
months ago. There is every reason to be
lieve that the object of the parties is sim
ply to use the track as a makeshift until
they can have the Indiana Legislature
pass a bill legalizing racing in that State.
There is no bill in Wisconsin to prevent
pool-selling, and no action can be taken
until a meeting of the Legislature.
Off Day for the favorites at Butte.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 4.— lt was an ideal
day for racing, and the attendance was
again large, but the favorites fared badly,
winning in only two races, the pacing and
hall-mile running. Summaries:
Trotting. 2:20 class, best three in five, purse
$800, Otiinger won. Robbie P second, lago
third. Best time, 2:13%.
Pacing, 2:24 cla«s, two in three beats, purse
$000, Lady Waldstein won, BillFrazier second,
Ruby Messenger third. Best time, 2 :15.
Running, half-mile, selling, purse: $250.
Shot Silk won, Cyrus King second, P&t Mor
risey third. Time, :50&
Running, five furlongs, purse $250, Grover
won, Chinook second, Pinear third. Time,
1:03.
Running, five furlongs, purse $250, Lulu
Horion won. Mount Roy second, Yre*.a third.
Time, 1 :03.
Stnnsbury and (faudaur.
TORONTO, Ont., Aug. 4.— A cable dis
patch has been received from the editor of
the London Sportsman announcing that
Oarsman Stansbury had covered Gaudaur's
deposit, thereby binding his acceptance of
the latter's challenge to row in the
Thames, in September, for the worid's
championship.
SANTA CRUZ DONS
BRILLIANT GARB,
Streets Gayly Decorated in
Preparation for the
Turners.
BANNERS FLOAT ALOFT.
Dwellings Clothed in Red and
White, the Colors of the
Festival.
PRIZES FOR THE SCHUE7ZSNS.
Purses and Diplomas Will Be Given
to the Winners at ths
Butts.
SANTA CRUZ, Ca/,., Aug. 4.— Red and
white, the turnfest colors, are everywhere.
German citizens wear red and white
badges in various styles, indicating their
official connection with the preparations
for the big festival that will be inaugu
rated on Saturday night. Pacific avenue
is bright with the turnfest colors. Hotels
and business houses are putting on holi
day attire, and from the electric poles are
suspended balloon streamers of red and
white that seem to have sprung up with
the rising of the sun this morning.
At intervals along the way the fifty-foot
banners in red and white letters, presented
to the turnfest committee by The Call,
wave a welcome to the visitors. These
banners extend beyond the limit of the
regular decorations along the electric-car
line to the Union depot, attracting the
eye of all who come to the fact that Santa
Cruz will be turned over to the German
people for four days and nights.
The committees are progressing with
their work under the direction and ap
proval of the executive committee, and
are leaving nothing to be done after the
nig show oegins. Lieutenant-Governor
Jeter. Mayor H. H. Clark and Colonel
Ralph Miller were added to the executive
committee. The ball committee ap
pointed the following gentlemen to act as
the floor committee at the grand ball:
L. R. Boehm, Albert Bernheim, Christian
Lachley, Will Kreig, Louis Rogge.
Mr. tflantz of the San f ranoisco Turn
Verein is here looking for headquarters.
This society will come with about 136
members, of whom fifty are scheutzens,
thirty singers and fifty-six turners.
The prize shooting has been divided into
two divisions — the public prize shooting
and the Turners' and Schuetzuns' diplo
ma shooting. For the public shooting
prizes amounting to $500 will be distrib
uted. Of this $125 will consist of money
prizes and the balance will be in the shape
of valuable presents. To be permitted to
shoot one has to pay $1 for four shots. The
first prize will not exceed the sum of $25.
The distance shall be 200 yards. The
rifles to be used are not restricted to a
certain kind: everyone can use his own
rifle. The diplomas to be distributed
among the members consist of magnificent
penwork. ______________
SUING FOR ALVISO LAND,
Contestants of the Late William
Rinehart'B Will Bring a
Second Action.
Edward Donovan and Wife Accused
of Having Obtained a Detd
by Fraud.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 4.— Joseph Rine
hart ana other heirs of William Rinehart,
deceased, to-day began suit against Ed
ward Donovan and his wife to have a
deed to forty-eight acres of land near Al
viso executed by William Rinehart to de
fendants set aside on the ground that it
was fraudulently obtained. The property
in question is worth $10,000. It is alleged
that at the time the deed was made Wil
liam Rinehart was of unsound mind and
wholly ignorant of the fact that ho was
signing a deed of conveyance. The sum
of $2500 for the occupation and use ot the
land by the Donovans since February 15,
1896, is also asked.
This suit is a side issue growing out of
the contest now being tried before Judge
Reynolds of the will of William Rinehart,
deceased, inaugurated dv Joseph Rir.ebart,
a brother, and Levi T. Porter, a nephew,
who were dissatisfied with the terms of
the will of the deceased. Under the will
the former contestant wns given $500 and
the latter was totally ignored.
Rinehart died in this city on February
29 of this year. He left an estate valued
at $20,000, consisting of mortgage securi
ties and cash. He died at the home of
j£dward Donovan, and shortly before his
death Rinehart deeded the forty acres of
land in dispute to Donovan. Donovan
claims that the land was given because of
the kindness himself and wife showed
Rinebart during his sickness, but the con
testants claim the deed was obtained by
exercising undue influence over the de
cedent.
SOUGHT DEATH IN NAPA RIVER
The Body of Mi»a Aettie Sayre found in
the Stream.
NAPA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The body of Miss
Nettie Sayre was found in the Napa River
last evening. It is believed the young
woman committed suicide, though rea
sons why she should have destroyed her
self seem to be lacking. The body was
discovered by W. G. Short, who had gone
to the river to enjoy a boat ride. He saw
a hat in a boat near the bank, and sur
mised that its owner had been drowned.
Short procured a rake and dragged the
river bottom near the boat, and the body
was soon brought to the surface.
It is said that Miss Sayre was subject to
temporary aberrations of the mind, and it
is believed by some that while in such a
condition she plunged into the river. She
was a native of this city, 24 years of age,
and a member of a well-to-do family.
PEACE AT SAN BERNARDING.
Second ■ Mortgage . Solders Gain Ponses
•.'ft". r ninn of the Daily Sun.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 4.—
The contest over the possession of the
Sun newspaper plant has apparently
ended, and the holders of the second
mortgage hold the field- Daring all of
last night the interior of the Sun office
represented a well-equipped arsenal.
Shotguns, revolvers and ammunition were
ready for instant use, and about a score of
determined men were ready to use them.
But happily no attack was made by the
Buck forces. Up to midnight a large
crowd remained in front of the office. It
is not at all likely that there will be fur
ther trouble.
The Sun came out this morning with
R. C. Harbison a3 editor and R. E. Nor
ton business manager. Under the new
management the Sun supports McKinley
and Hobart and the St. Louis Republican
platform.
PLACERVILLE'S GAIN.
The American River Land and Lumber
Company's Plant Is to Be
Reopened.
PLACERVILLE, Cai., Aug. 4.— The re
opening of the American River Land and
Lumber Company's plant, twenty miles
northeast of here, which closed in June,
1895, is assured and signifies much to this
county. During the brief operation of the
plant the company expended over $800,000
in this community. It employs as high as
400 men. Logs are hauled nine miles by
railway, dropped down a 3300-foot slide
into the river and floated fifty-five miles to
Folsom.
The plant was started by H. P. Liver
more and put into operation by George
W. Cummings in June, 1890. The com
pany, composed of J. and J. T. Treadwell,
H. P. and C. E. Livermore, Albert Gal
latin, A. J. Ralston, C. P. Bradford and J.
T. Frye, owns 13,000 acres and controls
enough more to make the total 1,000,000,
-000 feet of the finest yellow and sugar pine
in the world.
G. W. Marsh arrived yesterday to take
charge. He will begin operations on Au
gust 15. The company's disbursements
in Placerville, aside from wages while
operating, amounted to over $5000 a
month.
PlaeervUle's Chinese Banker Buried.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Aug. 4.— Lum
Sing Kee, a wealthy Chinese banker, was
buried here yesterday with pomp and
pageantry. He was 67 jears old. An
only son lived in San Francisco and his
widow is at present in China. Lum Sing
Kee had lived here for forty years. His
estimated wealth was $100,000.
INQUEST AT SAN JOSE,
A Coroner's Jury Decides That
George Curtin Committed
Suicide.
Returns a Verdict Declaring That
the Youth Was Temporarily
Insane.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 4.— An inquest
was held this morning by Coroner Secord
upon the body of George Curtin, the
20-year-old son of C. C. Curtin, the San
Francisco dry-goods merchant, who com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
blowing oat his brains with a charge of
shot. Nothing was developed that showed
the cause of the act, and the jury re
turned a verdict that deceased came to
his death from a gunshot wound inflicted
by himself while temporarily insane.
C. C. Curtin, the father of the young
man, was the first witness. He knew of
no motive for the suicide. George had
been in good health. He had no business
troubles and he seemed to be in the
best spirits when he had last seen him.
!On Sunday last witness came to the
I ranch and on Monday was driven by
! George to San Jose to catch the 9:12 train
j for San Francisco.
Mrs. Curtin testified that she noticed
nothing unusual about her son when he
left with his father in the morn
ing. When he returned about 12:30 he ap
peared dazed and his head hung over on
one side. He threw out the San Fran
cisco papers which he had brought from
town without sayini: a word and went to
ward the stables. When lunch was ready
she went out to call him, and found him
in the granary, a small building, that had
once been a pigsty. He had « gun in his
hand and was doing something with it,
she could not tell what. His back was
turned toward her and he never turned
round when she spoke to him. She told
him that lunch was ready and he said he
would be in presently. Mrs. Cuitin asked
her son if the gun was loaded and he said
it was not. She then asked him if he knew
that bis friend McCarthy had met with
an accident.
George made no reply, and Mrs. Curtin
went back to the house and told her daugh
ter to go out and speak to George. Her
daughter started for the granary, but had
not covered half the distance when the
shot was fired.
In answer to a question by the Coroner
as to whether her son had been drinking,
Mrs. Curtin said he appeared as though he
might have taken a drink or two.
Michael Murray, the hired man, was the
most important witness. He said he was
in his cabin about 12:30 o'clock when
George Curtin appeared and asked him if
he had had luncheon. On replying in the
affirmative, George asked him if he had a
gun, saying there were some squirrels in
the corral which he wanted to shoot.
Murray gave him a double-barreled j
breech-loading shotgun with cartridges in
each chamber 1 . George then went off and
Murray went out into the orchard to
whitewash some trees. About ten min
utes later he beard the report of the gun,
and rushing to the granary found the
young man had killed himself.
The body was taken to Saa Francisco
this afternoon for interment.
NEW TO-DAY.
NEWJHFsECfIHO-HAND
SCHOOLBOOKS
BOUGHT,
SOLD,
EXCHANGED.
SECOMANpTATE boors
(GOOD AS NEW).
Primary Number Leason..: 1......1 5c
Advanced Arithmetic -.... 30c
I Kngiinh Grammar .......... ...... ...... 3oc
j Language Lessons :....... .....200
U. S. History ................."550
Smith's Primer of Physiology.:".. ..\..200
new HIGH School BOOKS.
Galley's Classic 81vth«:..............8i;80
Jennings Outlines Rhetoric '..;.v.:;..fl.oo
Myers' Modern and M. History... 91 50
Allen's History or R0me...... .:.... :.81.00
Myers Ka«t«rn Nation and Greece 8 1 .00
holfes Lady of the Lake,.... ...T..»5c
6xB Bound 51ate5...... :............. " 5o
100 Pointed Slate Pencils.. .".'ioc
VanNessßazaar
Q BIG STORES
l*~ : \ AND FACTORY,
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
NEAR bush.
622 KEARNY,
\ cor. commercial;
bring a great tslJtnrJßjP covery was
Happiness to IrS^'fi?*^ specialistsof
yftn is to bo k*u?T'>*i rffi^d simply won*
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials.
The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men of
Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitcbings of the eyes and other
parts. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system. It is as cheap as any other
remedy. •
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains in the back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments. ■ • - • ' ■. ■ ■ ".•''-
-. Prematureness means impotency in the first
•stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudynn. < Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials. ■ ■ --
TAINTED BLOOD— blood, due to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using ,the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars. •
HUDSON . MEDICAL . INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., t
; San Francisco, C'al.
$4.50 buys a solid oak
bookcase — Bed Letter "
Sale ; yet some people buy
cheap " "bargains."
Good furniture, quick
prices —
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Coti? & Co.)
117 Geary Street.
■ UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE . . '." I "
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF .LONDONY ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State or California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner./ '
' . ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bopds owned by Company 91,757,486 00
Cash in Company's Office 481 18
Cash in Banks 61,255 24
Casii in hands of United States
Trustees.. 611,666 30
Premiums In dne Course of Col- ' ■
, lection. 317,929 78
Due from other Companies tor re-
insurance on losses already paid. . . • 7,208 33
Total Assets $2,655,915 83
LIABILITIES.
.Losses Adjusted and unpaid. $34,332 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or -
- in Suspense .........; 183,995 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,891 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one - year or less, 1,867,-
-078 24, reinsurance 50 per cent.. C3 933,539 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,116,-
-282 67, reinsurance pro rata 577,838 03
All other demands against the Com-
pany 149,640 93
Total Liabilities $1,900,196 07
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Firs .
premiums $2,043, 397 SB
Received for Interest and dividends ■•*
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources : ; 68,338 04
Total Income ...'.. ..v.. $2,111,635 80
.■ EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- ;
ciuding $228,892 00 losses of pre-
vious year 5)...:. ....... . ;.......... $1,160,124 88
Paid or allowed for - Commission or ;
Brokerage...... 384,216 18
Paid ' for Salaries, fees and . other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 108,882 61
Paid for State, National and local
tares....:.. ; .....; 47,194 26
All other payments and expendi- •
turea............ 133,033 94
. > Total Expenditures $1,833,48187
■ Fire.
Losses incurred during the year..... $1,100,726 00
Risks and Pee- Fire Risks. Premiums.
I.- .: XIUKS. .. ■; :.■--.
Net amount of Risks!
r written during- the' J
year....... j $370,207,2 $3,497,754 06
Net amount of Klsks
expired during the ' ■ -
year.. 369,271,198 3,318,439 20
Net amount In force
December 31, | ... ■ . • - ■
1895..... I 297,321,743 2,983,360 91
E. B. CLAKK, Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day
of January, 1 896. • "
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary, Public.
PHCENIX ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON, '
Established 1782.
PROVIDENCE WASHINGTON INS. CO.
OF RHODE ISLAND,
'■'-.. 'f ■ ' :■■ . Incorporated 1799- ' '['•
BUTLER & HALDAN,
Gea'l Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
COSMOFOXiIT
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., San
Francisco, ('al The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 60 per
day, according to room. ' Meals 25c. Rooms 500
and 75c a day. - Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. /WAI. FAHEY, Proprietor.
r opium
The por» essential extract from the native draff. Con-
tains all ho valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without !t» noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach ;
no vomiting mo co? tlvencfs ; no headache. All DrnggUt^COUNTY LEVIES
MAY BE RAISED.
State Equalizers to Look
Into Nineteen Tax-
Rolls.
SAN FRANCISCO NAMED.
Cause Must Be Shown Why
Assessments Should Not Bb
Increased.
VALUATIONS IN SACRAMENTO.
The Board Likely to Alter the Figures
Submitted to It by the
Assessor.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., Aug. s. — The
State Board of Equalization spent the day
in considering which of tbe counties of
the State should be cited to appear to
show cause why their assessments should
not be raised. After mature deliberation
tbe board selected the loliowing nineteen
counties: Alameda, Butte, Glenn, Hum
boldt, Marin. Placer, Sacramento, San
Bernardino, San Francisco, San Joaquin,
San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, Sonoma,
Stanislaus, gutter, Tulare, Yolo and Yuba.
Many of tliese counties show a decided
falling off from the amount of last year's
assessment, but in a few instances t ere
is a slight increase. Especially is this the
case in the assessment roil of San Fran
cisco County, which snows a gain of several
millions of dollars. Of the counties whose
representatives have been cited to appear
eleven received a reduction at the ijands
of the board last year. These were Butte,
Glenn, Marin, San Joaquin, Solano. So
noma, Stanislaus, Sutter, Tulare, Yolo
and Yuba.
For several years the members of the
board have been considering the advisa
bility of raising the assessment of Sacra
mento County, but owing to the fact that
it was clearly demonstrated that tbe
country property was assessed to its full
valuation while city property on the main
streets was held at a ridiculously low fig
ure, the board has been unable to raise the
valuation on t'ue entire county without
working a grievous wron» upon the
farming community. However, it is be
lieved that the assessment roll of this
county will encounter a material raise this
year, as the board npparentlv has made up
its mind that Sacramento County is not
paying its pro rata.
BILLS MUST BE EXPERTED.
Governor Budd Refuses to Pass the State
Printing Office Claims Until
Investigated.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 4.— The
Board of Examiners held an adjourned
meeting this morning for the purpose of
passing routine bills. Governor Bndd and
Secretary Markley were the only members
present. Governor Budd sent out for
State Printer Johnston, remarking that
he wanted to settle the matter of an ex
pert satisfactorily and pass the printing
office bills if he could consistently.
Wnen Johnston came in the Governor
toon him in hand for a cross-examination
as to several items of expense in his office,
calling attention to an issue of 10,000
grammars which had been printed. He
asked if they had been ordered by the
Board of Education. Johnston replied
that the stock of grammars on hand had
run low and orders were coming in which
had to be filled. Budd then presented a
bill for seventy-five tons of coal, which
had been ordered subsequent to receiving
bids. The price of the lowest bid was
$9 04, jrhile the coal was bought for $10.
Johnston said that the coal had run out,
that more was needed immediately and
tnat the dealer from whom^he purchased
had ordered coal for the printing office,
and as he had been furnishing fuel regu
larly he felt it his duty to take it. He
claimed this was before any bid was made
by other parties.
Governor Budd cited several instances
of apparent extravagance, tending to show
that he had been informed of printing
office matters generally, and intimated
that a Democrat who had been discharged
from the position of foreman some time
ago had furnished him with the informa
tion. Johnston remarked that the person
had given such information subsequent to
his discharge.
Before adjournment Johnston stated
that any system satisfactory to the Board
of Examiners satisfied him, but he would
rather have the board, throuei; its secre
tary, make its own investigations rather
than increase the payroll by adding an ex
pert's salary for the purpose of doing work
that had already been done. He invited
the Governor to make a full investigation
of everything connected with his office,
either personally or otherwise. The Gov
ernor stated he would send Mr. Harrison,
whom he had appointed expert on the 23d
of July. This appointment had been made
Dy the Governor and secretary of the
board, no other members being present.
When Attorney-General Fitzgerald was
asked yesterday to admit the advisability
of appointing a printing expert, he could
not do so consistently, as he had only a
few months ago asked th^ resignation
of a person Holding that position on the
ground that he had no duties to perform.
The Governor still insists tnat he will pass
no bills without the recommendation of
Expert Harrieon.
HEALDSHERG WOMAM SBOT.
Mistaken for a Deer and Seriously
Wounded by a Hunter.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., Au_'. 4— Miss
Kate Jagoe, the expert nuntress, was shot
and seriously wounded yesterday near the
home of "er father in Salt Lake Township.
Miss Jagoe was returning from a hunt
and had sat down under a tree to rest,
when an unknown hunter, mistaking her
for a deer, took a shot at her. The ball, a
Winchester, struck her left lee and passed
entirely through, making a painful flesh
wound. _
Fresno Suspects Arre*trd..
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 4.— Deputy Con
stable Crutcher early this morning ar
rested two men for the hold-up of Messrs.
Green and Latter, east of this city Sunday
night. The prisoners are E. Vanderzweip
and Frank Quintera. and besides this
highway robber the officer thinks he will
convict them on several other charges.
He has positive evidence of several thefts
committed hy them. When the deputy
constable winced Vanderzw»ip under
arre-t the latter started to run. The
officer fired three shots at him before stop
ping him.
Kfcifnes Xerada Coun.y'* Sheriff.
NEVADA CITY. Cal., Aug. 4.-D.B. Get
chell, appointed Sheriff on Saturday by
the Board of Supervisors, to fill the va
cancy caused by tbe killing of Sheriff
Douglas took the oath of office to-night
before Judije Prewett ol Auburn, who is
presiding in the absence of Judge Cald
well. This afternoon the board of trus
tees appointed Georee Levee City Mar
shal in place of D. B. Getchell, who re
signed to take the oath of office of Sheriff.
KIPLORING NORTHERN FORESTS.
Hooded Area* Inspected by Government
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 4.— The Na
tional Forestry Commission — composed of
Professor Charles S. Sargent of Harvard,
chairman; Professor Arnold Hague,
United States Geological Survey; Pro
fessor William H. Brewer, Yale; General
Henry L. Abbott, retired army engineer;
Gifford Pinchot of New York, and E. H.
Shuster of Washington City, clerk of the
board — arrived in Seattle to-day.
The duties of this commission, brought
into existence by virtue of a liberal Con
gressional appropriation to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior Hoke Smith, and the mem
bers of which were appointed under the
auspices of the National Academy of
Sciences, are to investigate the condition
of the extensive National forestry of the
United States and make recommendations
as to the best means and methods or per
petuation and preservation from wanton
devastation and destruction b* tire. The
board has been out since Juiy 1, having
inspected the forestry of North Dakota,
South Dakota, Montana, Idaho and East
ern Washington. About two weeks will
be spent in traversing Western Washing
ton forests and exploring the Olympic
Mountains. The commission will then
proceed to California, thence through Ari
zona ana Nevada, concluding its labors
with Colorado some time in September.
SANTA BAltliAltA'S QUEER SUIT.
Auguslua -Pen Again Defendant in an
Action /fraught by Servant*. .
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 4.— Jose
Vicente Hill has sued wealthy Augustus
H. Den for $2000 alleged to be due for
services rendered by himself and wife to
the defendant during the twenty Months
from April, 1894, to January, 1896, a con
siderable portion of this attendance being
consequent upon injuries received by Mr.
Don. when thrown from a buggy.
Mr. Den was married last winter to Miss
Devine, a daughter of Judge Devine of
Sacramento. Since this date he has been
sued by Pedro Ruiz for the sum of $20,000,
alleged to De due for attendance and care.
Den appears to be a vigorous, athletic
young man. but would seem to have suf
fered an elaborate amount of illness dur
ing his short life. This last complaint
avers that Den has turned over ail his
property to his wife; that he promised the
plaintiffs a house and lot in compensation
lor their labor, but that they now prefer
to take the hard cash rather than the
realty. ■ •
PETALUMA'S FAIR OPENED
Streets of the Sonoma Town Are
Thronged by Hundreds
of Visitors.
Fancy Stock Vies With Displays of
Luscious Frnit Attracting
Attention.
PET ALUM A, Cal., Aug. 4.— The annual
fair of the Sonoma and Marin Agricultural
Society opened to-day with a greater
throng of visitors than has been usual for
several years. Seemingly the lovers of fine
horses have not ail been allured by the
bicycles, and from the enthusiasm ex
hibited it is safe to say they never will
wnile tbe lively streets make Petaluma
pride herself on the returning glory of her
fairs.
This was ladies 1 day at the fair and the
fair sex were admitted to the grounds free
of charge. The ladies of the Improve
ment Club took upon themselves the
larger part ot the decorating and placing
of exhibits in the pavilion, and from the
artistic arrangement of the exhibits they
did themselves great credit. The Peta
luma and Two Rock granges have at
tractive exhib ts, one feature of the form
er's being a large gondola beautifully
draped and decorated and laden to the
rails with all varieties of luscious fruit,
while the Two Rock Grange has quite a
large space devoted to a miniature repre
sentation of the more enticing scenes of
agricultural life, with large dolls dressed
in suitable costumes and in appropriate
positions. The display of fruit in pyra
mids, plates and various other forms is
very fine.
The weather is all that could be desired,
and though warm, is not oppressively so;
but the ladies take advantage of it and
deck themselves in cool and attractive
eowns. The local band, augmented by
two members from the Angel Island band,
discourse sweet music during the lull be
tween tbe races, and at night supplies
music for dancing in the pavilion. For a
first day it has been a grand success, and
during the remainder of the week many
more visitors are expected, the railroads
having reduced fares. The banks will re
main closed all the afternoons, and alto
gether Petaluma is "spreading herself" on
this revival of the good old-fashioned
fair.
OREGON CITY HOLD-UP,
Masked Bandits Stop a Stage by
Shooting Two of Its
Horses.
Force the Driver and Passengers to
Hand Over Toeir Meager
Possessions.
OREGON CITY. Or., Aug. 4.— Two
masked mni held up the Wilhoit stage
near the Mill Creek bridge yesterday.
When .the order to halt was given the
four horses attached to the coach started
to run away. The robbers fired several
shots at them, wounding two of the horses
in tne legs and back and bringing them to
a standstill. The highwaymen then
robbed the driver, "Bill" Mattoon, of his
revolver and a small amount of money,
and compelled the passengers, Mr. and
Mrs. Hidinger and daughter and a China
man, to hand over their cash. Mr.
Hidinger is the manager of the piano de
partment of the Wiley U. Alien Company
of Portland.
Tnomas Duffy, a mail-carrier between
Oregon City and Molalla, who came along
a i the time of the robbery, was fired upon.
He hurriedly retreated, and meeting two
farmers named Graves and Woodside got
them to open fire on the robbers, but the
pair escaped.
The wounded horses were. pat out of
their misery and a posse was organized
and started in pursuit of the bandits. The
stage, with the remaining two horses, re
sumed its trip to Wilhoit.
Sheriff Grace and four deputies and sixty
citizens of the neighborhood are searching
for the robbers. The trail was easily fol
lowed for three miles, and then all trace
was lost. The hat of one of the robbers
was found. The booty secured by the rob
bers was a revolver and $17 in cash.
Tacotna Official Arrested.
TACOMA. WaoH., Aug. 4.— C. Holmes,
chairman of the Pierce County Commis
sioners, was arrested to-day on a charge of
extorting money from the courthouse jan
itor. The complaint was signed by F. M.
Sammons Ana members of the committee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
Jemple of tke California State Spiritualistic /Issociatiorv.
The above beautiful structure will be erected by the California State Spiritualistic Association at the corner of Gough and
Oak streets. It will serve as a temple to the spiritualists of this State. It will be late Gothic in style, with the wealth of orna
mentation this cia?s of architecture admits. Exclusive of furnishines, the building will cost probably $100,000. All the money
necessary for the temple and its furnishings will be subscribed by wealthy believers all over California. The design of the building
was selected from the Scientific American by Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper, the otute orsanizer, and was unanimously adopted by the
proper authorities. Active operations on the Duildiug will probably not be begun until the arrival of Presidnet Barrett early
In September.
of 100, which has Deen at work for two
weeks rounding up municipal and county
crookedness. It is charged that Holmes
mad* the janitor give him a rake-off of $10
a month out of a $60 salary to hold the
job. Holmes pleaded not guilty. He was
released on a $1000 bail bond, putting up a
certified check for that amount.
♦
Fresno Condemnation Suits.
FRESNO. Cal., Aug. 4.— The trial of the
condemnation suit of the Valley road
against D. Dismukes and W. P. Nelson,
who asked $5500 for seven lots located on
the depot site, th is city, was concluded yes
terday, and after being out an hour and a
half the jury awarded the defend ants $3500
for their property. Dismukes had signed
an agreement with the committee of ten
that he would take $2500 for the property,
but afterward repudiated it and demanded
$5500. The committee of ten is not satis
fied with the verdict and may appeal the
case.
luma Convicts Attempt an Escape.
YUMA, Ariz., Aug. 4.— Denionocio
Carabella, convict 1155, and Rosendo Dor
amo, convict 1149, confined in the Arizona
Territorial penitentiary at this place, made
a break for liberty yesterday. They,
with a number of other convicts, were en
gaged in excavating on the west side of
the prison hill outside the wall. They
started to run down the embankment, dis
regarding tbe cries of Guard William
Nearh to halt. The guard fired and De
nionocio fell, wounded in the thigh. Both
surrendered.
Fires on the Olympic Mountains.
PORT MADISON, Wash., Aug. 4.-The
Olympic Mountains west of here, and es
pecially in the Ducquboose country, bear
the appearance of a range of volcanoes in
active operation, so numerous aje the for
est fires. The woods are full of campers
and the conflagrations probably started
from some campfire. Thousands of acres
of timber have been destroyed. The rain
of tbe past three days was too light to
quench the flames. As yet the fire has
not approached the settlements.
Smoke Jiank Lines the Coast.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 4.— Captain
Fullerton of the American ship Yosemite,
which arrived last nleht from San Franc
isco, reports that smoke from the forest
fires in Washington, Oregon and British
Columbia form a heavy bank along the
coast for a distance or seventy-five miles
out to sea. The biggest volume of smoke
appears to come from British Columbia.
Grass Valley's F,re Lim.it*.
GBASS VALLEY. Cal., Aug. 4.-At a
meeting of the City Trustees last night a
petition signed by citizens and business
men was presented, asking that an
ordinance prohibiting the erection of
any wooden buildings in the business por
tion of the city be adopted. The or
dinance was unanimously adopted.
Suicide at Baki-mfifld.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Aue. 4.-Arthur
Ward, aged about 21, committed suicide
yesterday by shooting himself in the
forehead with a .32 caliber pistol. Ward
was crazy over a perpetual motion ma
chine upon which he had been at work
for ten years.
»«ji«(i»un Families Massacred.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Aug. 4—
Official advices received here state that the
Cretan insurgents have attacked the Mus
sulman families Jiving in the Kenouria
district and that 1500 of the Mussulmans
have been killed. The date upon which
the massacre occurred is not given.
' Borrow on sealskins,* silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant avenue. . ■?*••"; .■?',:_*■■ ■.:.■* ':**~~*''V-
TO FIGHT FOR
HOME PRODUCTS,
Manufacturers Discuss Sev
eral Important Mat
ters.
THE SEPTEMBER FAIR.
Great Annoyance Caused by a
Confusion of Similar
Names.
NO USE FOR GEORGE WALTHEW.
Clubs to Foster Home Industries to
Be Formed Among the Labor
ing Classes.
Julian Sonntag, who was recently elect
ed to the presidency of the California
Manufacturers' snd Producers' Associa
tion, vice Horace Davis, resigned, pre
sided at the meeting of the directors yes
terday.
Mr. Tacy reported that 95 per
cent of the space has been taken up by
exhibitors, and there is every indication
that it will be the grandest fair ever held
on the Pacific Coast. Efforts will be made
to have everything ready for the opening
on September 1. It has been decided that
the opening will be known as the Manu
facturers' aud Producers' Association's
night He requested the members to sug
gest special features for that occasion.
Mr. Tacy said that he had done well in
making collections for the association's
booth. The following subscriptions
thereto have been received :
H. J. Crocker $50, L. P. Degan $25, Julian
Sonntajt $20, Brown Bros. $10, Buckingham &
Hicht $25, California Fire Works $10, Till
man & Beudell $50, Neustadter Bros. $20, A.
Ghirardelli $10, C. E. Worden $10, Charles R.
Allen $25, Paraffine Paint Company $10, Kull
nian, fcalz & Co. $25. Carisoa Currier & Co.
$10, Steiger <fe Kei r $20. American Condensed
Milk Company $25, Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co.
$10, Union Fish Company $10.
SubstTiptions have been promised by J. A.
Folger & Co., Van Bergen & Co., California
rotten Mills, A. Schilling <fe Co., San Francisco
Gaslight Company, E. J. Shattuck, Sperry Flour
Company, Western Meat Company, California
Canneries Company, Hills Bros, and Wil
liam Lewig & Co.
Mr. Tacy said that many of the labor
ing people are under a mistake in con
founding the names of the Manufacturers'
and Produrers' Association with the Man
ufacturers' and Employers' Association.
George Walthew, one of the acknowledged
foes ot the laboring classes, is the secretary
of the Manufacturers' and Employers'
Association, the office of which is in the
Mills building. Mr. Tacy has had much
trouble in his dealings with the laboring
classes to disabuse their minds and to
convince them that the two associations
are entirely separate and have no common
purpose.
Mr. Tacy's plan is to encourage horns
product clubs among the laboring people.
In San Diego such a club has been formed,
and it is likely that the club will hold a
home industry exposition before very lone.
President Sonntag brought up the mat
ter of convict-made goods and suggested
that the board secure legal service to frame
bills for the State Legislature and Congress
looking to a suppression of the same by
compelling the dealers in this class of
goods to so designate them by brands and
marks that the public may not be deceived.
This matter will be taken up again by
the association.
President Sonntag announced that he
had appointed tne following as chairmen
of standing committees. The chairman
will make a selection of the remainder of
the committee later:
Finance, J. P. Currier; legislation, J. W.
Kerr; municipalities, H. J. Crocker; promotion,
W. F. Bowers; publication, L. R. Mead;
grievance, M. J. Keller; power, fuel and light,
A. McLaughliu; transportation and water, A.
Dernham; new industries, M.McGlynn.
An interesting discussion was brought
up by Manager Tacy, who suggested a
conference with the large retail dealers.
He said that the latter stand as a bulwark
between the California producers and the
consumers. They handle no California
manufactured goods to speak of, and all
their efforts are directed toward inducing
their patrons to use Eastern and foreign
products. By a conference a better under
standing might be arrived at.
Mr. Crocker said that the trouble lies
more with the local manufacturer, who
does not adopt Eastern methods and
reach out for the trade and meet local de
mands. He said that Eastern manufactu
rers spend millions of dollars to introduce
their goods, while Western manufacturers
eit her lack the means or the pluck to do so.
Mr. Kerr suggested that this condition
arises from other causes. California is a
new State with old demands. A vast
population sprang up here with which tne
establishment of manufactories could not
keep pace. Western store-keepers natur
ally turned to their former Eastern towns
and cities for supplies, which were readily
sold to their patrons who came from those
sections and were familiar with the goods
they were accustomed to use in the East.
It is as much a matter of custom and
Habit as anything else, which it will take
time to outgrow. As a rule the people
really pay more for Eastern products than
they would have to for better classes made
Here. Mr. Kerr favored such a conference
as suggested.
Mr. Currier also thought that a meeting
with the retail dealers would result in
gerat benefits, but definite action was
temporarily postponed.
Troy I* Secretary Again.
Chairman Alford ot the Democratic State
Central Committee yesterday named R. P.
Troy as the additional secretary of the com
mittee. Mr. Troy has served in the same ca
pacity in former campaigns. Ben Maddox
and R. P. Troy of San traneisco are the secre
taries of the Democratic State machine for this
campaign.
J.J. Dwyer, the California member of the
Democratic National Committee will leave for
New York this evening to attend the forth
coming meeting of the National Committee.
; Shoemakers* • Meeting.
The Shoemakers' Union, at its meeting last
evening, appointed P. McKittrick, R. Subera
and J. M. Clark as a committee to wait on the
manufacturers to urge upon them :he advis
ability of adopting a manufacturers' mark by
■wiiich the California-made footwear may be
recognized, end under which no Chinese or
Eastern prepared work shall be passed off as
the production of California white labor.
Sire at Healdsbunt.
HEALDSBUBG, Cal., Aug. 4. -J.
Dempsey's residence was destroyed by fire
this afternoon, together with all its con
tents. The loss is $1000.
STRONG GERMANS
WILL GATHER.
Festival of the Pacific Turn
Bezirk at Santa
Cruz.
ATHLETIC TOURNAMENT
In Which San Francisco Turners
Will Be Well Repre
sented.
COMPETITION FOB THE PRIZES
Teams Will Bs Sent by All of the
City Turn Societies — Musical
Features.
At the biennial festival of the Pacific
Turn Bezirk, beginning next Saturday at
Santa Cruz, this City will be strongly
represented. The Turner societies of
Stockton, Oakland, Sacramento and Saa
Jose will also participate in the athletic
and musical exercises and in the prize
competition.
This City has four societies, viz., San
Francisco Turn Verein, G. A. Trost presi
dent; Verein Eintracht (Turn Section), I.
N. Mertens president; Mission Turn
Verein, Fred Sperling president; Vor
waerts Turn Verein, G. Siebold president.
Tne members of these societies, fully 500
strong, will assemble in uniform Saturday
at the hall of the San Francisco Turn
Verein, 323 Turk street, and, escorted by
the drum corps of the San Francisco
Turner Schuetz6n, will march in a body,
with colors flying and music playing, to
the ferry, leaving here at 4 p. m. ana ar
rivine at Santa Cruz at 8:45 p. m.
Following is a list of the prize compet
itors of the several societies:
SAN FRANCISCO TURN VEREIN.
Professor K. Barth, leader.
Highest, grade— H. Alpen, E. Fleischer, F.
Hausmann, W. Hi ffmann, P. Otto, J. Schmid,
H. Meyer, C. Jacobs.
Intermediate (trade— L. Frank, F. Hoffmann,
\V. Steger. T. Planz. E. Laalbach. G. Stroh
meier, E. Kanetn, H. Berjtmann, C. Nagel.
Low grade— F. Franze, J. Gueterslop, M.
Wallerstein, G. Hildebrand, F. Koster, R.
Bergmann.
Veterans— A. Brehm, H. Miller, F.- Willen
brink.
VEP.EIN EINTRACHT TURN SECTION.
H. C. F. Stahl, leader.
Third grade, first class— Fred Becker. A.
Kuenzi, G. Hotop.
.Second grade— Fritz Garab, A. Volkmann, C.
Binder, C. Adams, George Steffens, R. Wagner,
C. Pless, H. Haustem, L. Peck, H. Conrad, E.
Scott and L. Scheppler.
First grade, third class— William Heinicke,
H. Behrens, C. Gerlach, C. Schaefer, M. Huver,
A. Fraund, E. Cohen.
Senior cla^s, over 45 years of age— Carp. El
lenberger, I. Mertens.
Bicycle class— Ernest Petersen, H. Wolp
mann, C. Granz. F. Horstmeyer.
MISSION TURN VEREIN.
A. Noethig, leader.
Highest grade— R. Moll, J. Vermehren, J.
Plato, T. Steen, W. Barth, F. Strueven.
Second grade— A. Xoethig, F. Long, W.
Garner, H. Steinbruck, W. Messerth, W.
Schnutenhaus, E. Krenz, F. Art, H. Opper
mann.
Veterans— F. Hanser, E. Nickel, A. Schup
pert.
TURN VEREIN VORWAERTS.
Louis Gerichten. instructor: E. Ziltze, Will
iam Kaiser, A. Bockstatt, M. Lehman, A. Ham
mersmith. C. Johannsen, T. Saur, F. Nolte
meier, O. Siebold, R. Kaulfuss, J. N. Franken
berg, Gus Palanca.
The several societies will also send sing
ing sections. The athletic tournament
NEW TO-DAY. .
Red Letter Days"
Old Stock? Not Much
"Red Letter Days " would never have
amounted to much if old stock only was
reduced in price . Many of the brightest and
newest and prettiest pieces in the store are
reduced along with the rest. This is to make
"Red Letter Days" more interesting for YOU.
Cheval We don't know Comfort Rocking-Chair
Dressing why -it is (and Rockers> bargains are ripe!
Mirror* maybe our cus- Here's a big com-
iviirrors. J -j, • ,: ft I fort able
; tomers don t, «_^-*^"" r — r *~>-n/ t> t
fr^A^_ either), but \\*®WsJ er in An-
'■■-. ! (<li.>l jk Coeval Mirrors TpmjmjO tique Oak
Ililh'M. have been beg- IV jj| |]l (ormahog-
//. l ' ging for buyers eefgfii j, , ffim any finish)
Illif i f quite a while. || [If at $2.56—
I//'/./ ' Hence, $12 WH was $3.50.
1 1 if instead of $30 I 2155&/1 Strong,
I 111 I /I/ buys one. (P^^OT/ good shape
I 1 1/I A/ There isn't iL^^ Of well " fin-
. ///// / room in our -^T ■**? ished. Has
//// % store for a sin- the new fancy cane" seat —
,__ A '^~ } gle piece that that is, the cane is of dif-
rfm '* '^Sp doesn't please ferent colors woven together;
\L our customers, very pretty.
Saturday (last day) is a good day to come —
if you can 't come sooner. The sooner the
better — more to pick from.
1 * **" ' /T' I*^ - - ■•':■
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & CO., carpet,,
■•.".■'? ■•-.:" 1 1 7- 1 2 1 Geary Street. £&„,
will be conducted under the general su
pervision of C. Flach of tne Santa Cruz
Turn Verein.
SOCIAL SPIRITUALISTS.
Enthusiastic Reception to Hra. Eliza
beth Sloper, State Organizer of the
National Association.
Friendship Hall, 326 McAllister street,
was packed with an audience of enthusias
tic spiritualists last Monday night, gat ti
ered to do nonor to Mrs. Elizabeth
Sloper, State organizer of the N. S.A.
The meeting was called to order by W.
T. Jones, and a quartet entitled "Silent
Night" was rendered in excellent style by
Mesdames Shriner and Cook and Messrs.
Reed' and Piace, after wnich W. T. Jones
delivered an address, congratulating Mrs.
Sloper and spiritualism upon the effective
work done by her and attesting to her
worth and true nobility of character.
Eugenia Tuliy and B. S. Austin sang a
beautiful duet, which was followed by a
recitation by William M. Rider, who gave
one of James Whitcomb Riley's dialect
poems. Miss Jennie Pamperin sane a
?o!o "I'll Be Your Little Mamma." Miss
Trephenia Pritchard gave a recitation,
"Joey," that won the tiny miss much
applause. As an encore she recited
"Deacon Jim."
Mrs. George Winters sang "Ten Thou
sand Miles Away." Mrs. Kate Hoskin
gave a short address appropriate to the
occasion, in which she counseled outsid
ers to investigate the claims of spiritual
ism and eloquently pleaded for union and
harmony in the spiritualistic ranks.
Mme. Young and Mrs. Lizzie Sawyer sang
a duet, "Beautiful Isight," with violin ob
ligato by Professor Richard Young, which
was very well received by the audience.
President Jones then introduced Rev.
N. F. Ravlin, who gave one of his char
acteristic addresses, and was frequently
interrupted Dy applause. He advised a
closer union, a more fraternal and gen
j erous feeling among spiritualists, and
j praised the press of this City for the
Prominence given to spiritualism in its
columns.
While the collection was being taken up
Professor Richard Young's orchestra ren
dered a composition written by the pro
fessor and entitled "Spirit Visions."
Olive Truette gave an illustration of
what a San Francisco girl can do in the
way of whistling. She was followed by
Mrs. R. Croweli of Oakland, who in a
i forcible address prophesied final victory
j for spiritualism as an elevating factor in
the world's affairs.
Little Grace Dorrity gave a recitation
in a manner that would have graced a
professional, showing excellent training.
A musical character sketch, in costume,
by G. C. Sutherland, who showed him
self to be a vocalist of no mean ability,
was warmly applauded, and as an encore
he gave an Irish sKetch full of humor,
winding up with a comic song, "That
Same Old Smile," the piano accompani
ment being played by Miss Sarah "Cook.
Mrs. Sloper, State organizer, was then
called for, and as she took the platform
was greeted by an outburst of applause.
1% a few eloquent words she thanked those
present for the testimonial of their re
gard, trust, and sympathy with her in her
work.
She spofce also of the project of electing
a spiritualist temple in this City, aaying
that if spiritualists did but will it so the
temple would soon be a reality, and called
upon the wealthier spiritualists to follow
the example of tne wealthier devotees of
orthodoxy, and remember the cause of
spiritualism in their wills and in the pre
sent, before they pass to the great beyond.
Woodworkers' Union.
The Woodworkers' Union, at a meeting last
night, passed a resolution to the effect that it
will ignore the California so-called Labor day
and recognize the first of May as being the
legitimate one and the only day upon which
they will celebratu. A committee of three was
appointed on grievance in connection with,
similar committees from otner unions ; also to
urge upon the Labor and Trades Alliance the
necessity of holding mass-meetings in opposi
tion to the new charter.
The by-laws as formulated by the Board of
Trades Council were approved by the union.
A Biting Kiss.
Frank Contrears is in love with Mrs. Ruflego
Rodregus of Pinckley alley. He met her Mon
day afternoon on Broadway, near the alley,
threw his arms round her and kissed her with
such fervor that he bit a piece out of her lip.
She felt hurt and indignant and yesterday
swore to a complaint in Judge Joacluuisen'a
court charging him with battery.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postege Free :
Dally Mid Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Calx, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cat.i* six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam-, three month* by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
VvXJUEXY Call, one year, by mall I'M)
THB SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation f It
t*. It la bo trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss yon for yon will
miss It. Order* gl*en to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE «
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone •I^IH"'" Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Trlepfeen* .......... :...-........:.,. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
ftO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock. •■
718 Larkla street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. ' . . -. *
SSIB Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway. -
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY. .....AUGUST 6. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBKSIDENT-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, of Ohio
rOB TICF-PREBIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
BtKCTION KOVKMBEB 3. 1896.
"Gorman and reform" is the latest bray
oi the donkey.
We might as well allow the Democrats
to claim Alabama. They have the count.
We have observed no Democrat this
year in the attitude of pointing with Dride
to anything.
Free coinage is the only plank in t£e
Chicago platform that Bryan talks about,
bat there are others.
We fooled them with free trade, say the
Democratic bosses, and now watch us fool
them again with free silver.
The news from Alabama 13 not of a
character to add anything to the joy of
the Populists in fusing with Democracy.
There was a time when Bourke Cockran
was a hero in tbe Democratic drama, but
they are now calling him a heavy villain.
The workingmen of the country have
had enough of free trade and free rest and
now they will vote lor protection and
work.
Finding that all business men are de
serting the party tbe Democratic organs
have begun to denounce every man of
property as a plutocrat.
It goes without saying that if Gorman
gets his hands on the Democratic cam
paign funds it will be a boodle canvass for
the Maryland machine.
It will not be long before California will
add to her world-beating glories the big
gest sugar refinery on earth and the
profit of it will be as great as the glory.
Every man interested in California in
dustries, and all who honor the men who
promote industry, will find no little satis
faction in voting for Claus Spreckels as a
Presidential elector.
Gorman is willing to handle the Demo
cratic campaign provided he is permitted
to do it from a back seac. He doesn't in
tend to put himself in front where there is
danger of getting hurt.
A nine-year-old boy has offered his ser
vices to the Republican National Commit
tee to deDate the money question with
Bryan, and now the campaign is certainly
in good shape to begin.
The campaign at one time threatened to
be very complicated, but it is now becom
ing one of the simplest issues between
prosperity and disaster that we ever had
submitted to the people.
When the full meaning of the Chicago
platform is understood by the people there
will be hardly a nngle State in the North
or the West that can be counted surely for
the man who stands on it.
The people know there was never any
trouble about maintaining the gold re
serve in the National treasury so long as
we bad a Republican tariff to supply a
revenue to the Government.
A nation with a deficit revenue never
has good credit in the world, and that is
one of the reasons why capitalists have
exported gold from the United States dur
ing the Cleveland administration.
Business men of all parties are coming
together this year and McKinley has the
satisfaction of knowing that not only does
he represent all the industries of the
country, bat is being supported by
them all.
The men who are leaving the Demo
cratic party are not all of them advocates
of the gold standard. Many are leaving it
because it stands for free trade and many
more because of the attack on the Su
preme Court.
In many States the Populists have good
cause to be unhappy, but in North Caro
lina they have a soft snap, for both the
Republicans and the Democrats offer to
/use with them on the electoral ticket, and
if they accept both offers they are bound
to win no matter what happens.
A lesson for all Californians is to be
found in the proposed establishment of
the 1 biggest sugar refinery in the world at
Monterey. To make that enterprise suc
cessful nothing is needed but protection
from the competition of foreign cheap
labor, and that will be assured by the elec
tion of McKinley.
You can keep your Eastern friends
posted on California topics by sending to
them The Weekly Call, which is dis
tinctirely illustrative of the West and its
peculiarities. The news of the West, the
farms, the mines, the orchards, the homes,
all receive attention in every issue, and the
number which appears this morning will
be found interesting to every reader.
LAWLESS DEMOCRACY.
By the incessant beating of their free
silver drums the Democrats and such
Populists as they have managed to entice
from the middle of the road are trying to
distract the attention of the people from
other features of the Chicago platform
which are worse even than the demand
that the remonetization of silver shall be
intrusted to the management of an inex
perienced orator dominated and controlled
by men like Altgeld, Tillman and Peffer.
These frantic attempts to mislead the
people are not likely to avail much. A
long compaign is before us and every voter
will have abundant opportunity to study
the Chicago platform as a whole. Atten
tion will not be directed to the free coin
age plank to the exclusion of every other
plank. Workingmen will be reminded
that the platform declares for a continu
ance of the Cleveland tariff policy and de
nounces protection to American industry
and wages. Men of capital will be re
minded that it declares for the odious in
come tax and calls upon Congress to take
steps to procure a reversal of . the decision
of the Supreme Court against that unjuat
taxation. Oood citizens of all classes will
note that the right of the Federal Govern
ment to suppress riots that endanger pub
lic property is denounced, nor will they
overlook that the denunciation of the Su
preme Court is followed up in another
plank by a declaration against tbe prin
ciple of life tenure in office, which strikes
a blow at the constitution itself and threat
ens one of ttie bulwarks of tne Govern
ment.
In all of these planks are to be found
traces of that discontent with American
institutions which savors of lawlessness
and threatens anarchy. Tne industries,
the money, the laws, the courts, the Gov
ernment and the constitution of tbe Re
public are all assailed more or less directly
in this extraordinary platform. An at
tempt to carry it out would mean a grave
disturbance of our whole political, indus
trial and financial system, and success
would be nothing short of revolution.
Nor can there be any doubt that the men
who controlled the convention and framed
the platform intend to carry it out if they
can. The rhetoric of Bryan was fashioned
of fair seeming words, but in the speeches
of Tiilman and Altgeld no attempt was
made at concealment. It was on their
part a distinct declaration of an intended
war against property and law.
The conservative element of the Demo
cratic party has taken due note of these
revolutionary declarations. The men who
are leaving the party are not all of them
advocates of the gold standard. Many a
free silver Democrat refuses to support a
platform of such measures when intrusted
to such an irresponsible man as Bryan.
Thus it is that all the better elements of
the people are coming together in this
campaign. It is in the fullest sense a con
test of law against disorder, prosperity
against disaster, and he has but little
patriotism or poor intelligence who does
not see'which side he should take in the
conflict.
REPUDIATING BRYAN.
There is a stampede of old-line Demo
crats to the support of Major McKinley at
Los Angeles, but "for this campaign
only." The men who are going to sup
port tbe Republican ticket deny that they
have deserted or intend to desert the Demo
cratic party, but they claim that as the
machinery and organization of their own
party has been captured by men who are
not Democrats, they deem it their duty to
join hands with the party that stands tbe
best chance to annihilate the captors of
their organization. It is not that these
bolting Democrats have changed their
political opinions, but tbey are business
men engaged in business enterprises, and
they see that unless Bryan is turned down
there will be a panic, just as Bryan him
self says there will be if he is elected.
But what is true of Democrats in Los
Angeles is true of them in all the trade
centers of California. They are not talk
ing much, but when asked they do not
hesitate to say that no self-raspectinn
Democrat could countenance Bryan's pro
posed attack upon the Supreme Federal
Court nor any other of his communistic
theories, and that as a business and as a
patriotic proposition the wise thing to do
is to help the Republicans drive the
Bryans and Altgelds into political oblivion
and then rescue and reinstate the old
Democratic organization with true blue
Democrats on guard.
Not a few Democrats regard a coalition
of the old timers of their party and the
Republicans as the surest and safest way
to recapture their own organization and
meanwhile to prevent the economic mon
strosities of the Bryans taking more defi
nite shape than threats. It is a mistake
to suppose that Democrats of the old
school are coming to the support of Major
McKinley for the one reason of Bryan's
position on the money question. They
regard his threat of a sectional adminis
tration, his threat to revamp tbe Supreme
Court on Populistic lines ana his threat to
have the civil service law repealed so that
his henchmen may be provided with fat
offices as far more dangerous to the com
merce and industries of the country than
his monetary system. It is because the
platform upon which Mr. Bryan stands is
hostile to the traditions and principles of
Democracy and therefore un-American
and dangerous that Democrats are going
to help the Republicans send him into
everlasting defeat.
THE ALABAMA ELECTION.
Alabama goes Democratic by an im
mense majority, while the Populists show
a surprising weakness. However, the
campaign was one of men rather than of
principles, and in no sense did the Na
tional issue exert any influence for or
against either party. The manufacturing
districts went Democratic in the face of
, the fact that the majority of the voters
aie protectionists. The counties which
have a large negro population rolled up
Democratic majorities, but to what extent
the tissue ballots and other methods to se
cure majorities for the Democratic candi
dates were employed would be hard to say,
though it would be quite safe to assume
that the negro vote was manipulated with
out the voters being consulted.
The Silver Democrats are claiming it as
a Bryan victory, but it is nothing of the
kind, nor is it an anti-Bryan victory. In
State elections in the South the Demo
crats are united. Thy want the loaves
and fishes and the exclusion of the negroes
from public office. On these two Dropo
sitions all local elections are held. Nat
urally the ne^ro vote is Republican, but
as between the Democratic and Populist
party the average negro would side with
the former. The wealth and the aristoc
racy of the South are not found in the
Populist party, and as a rule the negro
will have nothing to do with "poor white
trash," and that is the reason he does not
care much whether there is truth or not
in the charge of election frauds when the
charge is made by Populists.
The majority which the Democratic
ticket received is not, however, a reliable
indication as to how the State will go
at the Presidential election, bat it may be
accepted as the fact that there will be no
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896,
fusion of Populists and Democrats. The
Democrats will now believe themselves
strong enough to paddle their own canoe,
which will tend to intensify the already
bitter feeling between tbem and the Popu
lists, and the consequence i» likely to be
a coalition between the Populists and the
Republicans, the latter making the deal
to add strength to their lines ana the
former to get revenge for Democratic inso
lence and perfidy. Should such a deal be
made the State could be put down as re
liably Republican at the November elec
tion, for all the sound-money Democrats
could be counted upon to either support
McKinley or the middle-of-the-road Dem
ocratic ticket that will be nominated next
month. And, again, the manufacturing
districts which gave Democratic majori
ties at Monday's election are very sure to
go equally as solid for McKinley on the
ground that he is for protection and Bryan
is not.
SEEKING A PANIC.
It is to be hoped that Mr. Bryan will
mount the hustings and not leave
them until the evening of the day of
election. He can be trusted to prove by
his own words that he would be a very nn
safe man to direct the affairs of the
Nation. In one of his recent "impromptu
talks," as his friends call them, he said,
referring to the remonetization of silver
independent of the commercial nations:
"I think it will cause a panic But the
country is in a deplorable condition, and
it will take extreme measures to restore it
to a condition of prosperity."
Ex-Governor Davis of Rhode Island, an
admirer and supporter of Bryan, is in ac
cord with the Democratic candidate. He
said the other day that tbe adoption of
the policy to open the mints to the free
and unlimited coinage of silver without
waiting for the co-operation of the nations
would cause "a great business panic,"
"but," he added, "when the panic was
over there would be a readjustment of
values and much greater prosperity." A
business panic is the fruit of the seed of
hesitation and doubt when planted by the
hand of suspicion. There could not be a
business panic until confidence In the
ability of debtors to pay their bills had
been withdrawn. Panics come of fear. A
business panic cornea when capital fears
for its safety and goes into hiding. The
integrity nor the willingness of debtors to
pay do not enter into the question at all
as far as capital is concerned. Capital
never becomes suspicious, however, except
when a radical departure from true and
tried business methods is threatened.
Now what Mr. Bryan means is that upon
the introduction of his untried and at best
doubtful monetary theories into the busi
ness situation a panic would follow, but
the situation is bad any way, and extreme
measures of a diametrically opposite char
acter to those in operation before confi
dence was lost in creditors' ability to pay
would restore confidence ultimately and
induce the return of prosperity. A quack
doctor said if be could tnrow tne patient
into fits he believed he could cure him of
the disease proper, but the fits so aggra
vated the original ailment that the man
died. This country has been in the hands
of a quack since March 4, 1893, and all
business men know how slowly and hesita
tingly trade and traffic moves in the arter
ies of commerce.
Mr. Bryan Is to be commended for his
honesty when he tells tbe people that his
election would cause a panic, but he is not
to be commended when he says extreme
measures, sucn as plunging the business
of the country into a panic, are necessary
to restore it to a condition of prosperity,
for he knows it is not true. If Mr. Bryan
is even a fairly close observer he must see
that commerce, which has been ill ever
since Cleveland undertook to doctor it,
grows weaker whenever the suspicion that
there is a chance of his election haunts
the channels of trade, and that commerce
begins to grow better and stronger when
assurances are given that Bryan will not
be allowed to dose it with his compound.
No, the people will not accept Mr. Bryan's
plan to start a business panic as the safest
and surest way to prosperity. But it is to
be bxped that Mr. Bryan will keep on
"educating" the people in his theories of
goyernment. It will do them good to
know what to expect if he is elected.
RATIOS AND VALUES.
The adoption of a monetary system on
tbe basis of 16 of silver to 1 of gold is an
admission that gold is sixteen times more
valuable than silver. But by what author
ity is that particular proportion adopted?
It is not t c market proportion of the
metals, hence tbeie would be just as
much reason in making the proportion 8
to lasl6to 1. In admitting that gold is
always the "1" or basis for measuring the
value of silver, admission is made that it
is the market value of the 'T' that gives
it the right to fix the proportion, and it is
also an admission that any ratio that is
not fixed by the metal markets Is an arbi
trary proportion, or, in other words, fiat
comes in when the ratio is not in harmony
with the difference the metal markets
make.
It follows, therefore, that if we are to
have free anil unlimited coinage of silver
without reference to the market propor
tion of values there would be more sense
in making the ratio 8 to 1 than 16 to 1, for
then not only would silver bullion be
doubled in value, as compared with 16 to
1, but the coin would be very much more
convenient to carry. In either case the
Government's fiat makes good tbe deficit
in the market proportion, and if the Gov
ernment has the authority and power to
make good one ratio by fiat it has the au
thority and power to make another good.
It is a mistake to suppose that money
controls the price of merchantable articles.
It does nothing of the kind, but the mar*
ket controls the price of the article (metal)
that money is made of, and the metal
that has the same value as bullion as it
has as coin is necessarily the "1" which
establishes the proportion or ratio, but
only when not established on the basis of
the market proportion is the fiat of the/
Government employed. Hence, as we'
have already said, if the market propor
tion is to be abandoned, and a ratio estab
lished by fiat, 8 of silver to 1 of goid would
be far better than the heavier dollar of 16
to 1. But would the difference between
the fiat ratio and the market proportion
be made good in fact by the Government
commanding that it be so?
There is no doubt that so far as the local
trade and commerce of the United States
are concerned the Government's fiat
could be enforced, but it so happens that
we have enormous and most valuable
commercial transactions with other na
tions. We of America know it to be a fact
that were we to "fiat" 8 to 1 silver dollars
the people of other nations would accept
them for only 27 cents each, and that if
we were to make the ratio 16 to 1 they would
be received for only 54 cents each, because
we had ignored the market proportion.
The consequence would be that we would
have to do our foreign business on the "1"
basis, permit our silver dollar to be taken
at the market proportion, or quit doing
business with outside people.
Now, the plan of the Republican pajty
is for all the nations that are doing busi
ness with the United States to meet and
establish a proportion which shall place
silver and gold side by side upon their
own merit, with equal purchasing power
and to be interchangeable merely upon in
vitation. That is to say, adjust the ratio
so that the one would be as acceptable as
the other without compulsion. That would
be bimetallism.
PERSONAL.
Dr. G. A.. Hare of Fresno is a late arrival at
the Lick.
J. W. Belknap of Stockton is at the California
with his wife.
H. A. Martin of Santa Rosa Is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan.
George Wilson and wife of Santa Cruz are at
the Cosmopolitan.
J- J. Hebbron, a cattle-raiser, is at the Grand,
registered from Salinas.
Ira Crane Boss of the City of Mexico arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
D. C. Morgan, a mining man of Sacramento,
is registered at the Lick.
J. W. Mason, a planter of Olaa, Hawaii, is
staying at the Occidental
Dr. J. W. Trueworthy and wife of Los An
geles are guests at the Grand.
J. P. Vaudenburg of West Virginia is among
the arrivals at the California.
John F. Gilmore of London arrived at the
Palace last night from the East.
John M. Maxwell, a mining man of Lead
ville, Colo., is at the Occidental.
Frederick Cox, a banker of Sacramento, is
making a short stay at the Grand.
E. H. Vance, proprietor of the Vance House
at Eureka, is a guest at the Grand.
Lieutenant J. H. Lee Holcomb of the United
States army is a guest at the Palace.
James Woodbun, a merchant at Sacramento,
took a room at the Grand yesterday.
Frank H. Buck, the Vacaville orchardlst, is
one of the late arrivals at the Palace.
C. O. Bennett, a merchant of Stockton, is
one of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
H. E.Adams, manager of the Stockton gas
works, is at the Grand on a business visit.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Yosemite
House of Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
Frank Bartlett, the contractor of Livermore,
is among yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
G. W. Beakman and R. B. Brown, orchardists
ot Lower Lake, are guests at the Occidental.
L. T. Hattield. lawyer and Assemblyman of
Sacramento, is making a brief stay at the Lick.
Pwlght Hollißter, a large orchardist of Court
land, is one of the latest arrivals at the Grand.
W. J. Niggeman, a lawyer of St. Louis, Mo.,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday with a
party.
Professor O. P. Jenkins, head of the depart
ment of physiology at Stanford University, is
at the Lick.
O. McEntee and G. Crellon, who are inter
ested in Idaho mines, are registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. J. H. Whited of Dunsmuir, wife of Divi
sion Superintendent Whited, is at the Grand
with Miss Whited.
W. H. McKenzie, the Fresno banker, arrived
at the Lick yesterday with his wife and Alfred
McKenzie of Fresno.
Thomas A. Farr, a manufacturer of hardware
in New York, is making the Grand his head
quarters for a few days.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa, a
member of Governor Buad's staff, is registered
at the Lick with his wife.
Dr. F. W. Bliss of Santa Cruz, who is a mem
ber of the State Board ot Dental Examiners, is
in the City for a few days.
J. M. Morehead of Santa Clara stopped at the
California last night on his way to the Peta
luma races, in winch some of his horses are to
compete.
Y. M. Pollie of Chewawa, Or., arrived from
the Northwest last night and went to the
RuBs. He has come to attend the teachau'
convention.
Allen B. Lemmon, editor of the Santa Rosa
Republican and a delegate to the National
Republican Convention, registered at the Cali
fornia yesterday evening.
John M. Vance, who is interested in lumber
ing near Eureka and who is also connected
with the railroad from Eureka to Arcata, is
visiting at the Grand with his wife.
Lieuten ant-Governor Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan returned yesterday from an extended
Eastern trip which took him as far east as
Maine. He is registered at the Grand.
Colonel John Lane of Spokane, Wash., chief
of the Indian Supply Warehouse in this City,
returned to the Occidental yesterday, bringing
his wife and daughter from the Northwest.
Frank Lincoln, the humorist, who has just
concluded a series of appearances at the Citau
tauqua assemblies of the Pacific Coast, has
arrived at the Baldwin for a few weeks prior to
a second tour of the world.
W. D. McDonald, cashier for the last six years
of the First National Bank of McMinnville,
Or., arrived here yesterday on his way to San
Diego in search of health. He says that he
feels sure that McKinley will carry Oregon.
Mr. McDonald is at the Lick with his wife.
State Treasurer Levi Rackliffe of Sacramento
returned from Bartlett Springs yesterday and
will remain at the Grand until Saturday, when
he will start for home. Mr. RockliCe says that
protection for California is an issue much more
important than the silver question.
J. F. Graham, accompanied by his wife, ar
rived from Portland a few days ago to spend a
well-d»served vacation in this City and vicin
ity. Mr. Graham is the general master
mechanic of the Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion Company. He is stopping at the Lick.
Miss Beatrice Harradeu of London, the
author of "Ships That Pass in the Night," re
turned to the Occidental last night with her
companions, Mr. and Mrs. John A. Kondell of
El Cajon, San Diego County. The invalid
author is apparent. y considerably improved
in health after her visit in Blvthdale.
S. Asano, president of the prospective Japan
ese Oriental Steamship Compuny, that is to
make San Francisco, Portland or San Diego its
terminus on this coast, left the Palace yester
day evening for San Diego, accompanied by H.
0. Kowa and S. Tymioka, whose fluency in
f peaking English has aided their chief mate
rially in his conferences here with the powers
that be, commercially. H. Habayashi, another
member of the party, will follow his com
panions this forenoon.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
KEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 4.— At the West
minster. F. H. Gorman; Astor— L. R. Hare,
R. L. Dunn; Vendome, A.Walter; St. Denis-
Mrs. E. Burr, Mrs. L. B. Holman, Misses Burr;
Albert, G. B. Cramer; Broadway Central. Cap
tain Franklin; Warwick, Miss L. Koyce; Bar
tholdi, W. H. Leahy. Mrs. Barney and two
children left the Westminster to sail on the
Paris for England.
GOOD NOMINATIONS.
San Jose Mercury.
The nomination of Claus Spreckels as Presi-
dential elector from this district is a graceful
recognition of the sturdy qualities which have
made him one of the most popular citizens of
California, ior which State he has performed
such splendid service. James R. Lowe, alter
nate, is a well-kno vn resident of San Jose aud
a life- long Republican.
THE LAND OF OPPORTUNITY.
Ainad or .Record.
A Russian author announces a new book
called "Autobiographies of Unimportant Peo
ple." It would not be sare to write such a
book in this country; before it could be pub
lished some of the characters would be almost
certain to have become persons of importance,
in one or another way.
DANGER OF SHIPWRECK.
El Barbareno.
The end of the Democratic party may be not
7et, but it will have to drum the "faithful"
together pretty soon If it hopes to sail through
the political seas of 1896 without going to
pieces on a mighty big rock with a silver sheen
upon it. - ____
ALLISON GIVES SAFE COUNSEL.
Pasadena Star.
Senator Allison sounds a note of true Repub
licanism. He is one of the old guard of the
party, in whose counsels is always found safety.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
DEMOCRACY IN THE PAST.
It Has always Been the Party of Misbulb
and Revolution.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir :
Much criticism is indulged in by dissenting
Democrats for the couduct of the Chicago con
vention. It is said that it was a howling mob;
that it attacked the Supreme Court, and that it
was anti-Jeffersoniau. In all of these it was
strictly Jeffersonian and Jacksonian. When
Hamilton was laying broad and deep the
foundation of the Nation upon principles that
thanks to the immortal Marshall prevailed
Jefferson was receiving instruction in mob
ocracy from the "red-fool fury of the Seine."
He taught the virtue of arraying the masses
against the classes. In regard 10 the Supreme
Court he was bitter in his denunciation,
characterizing the courtroom as the cave of
Trophonious. About the court he wrote as
follows: "The Judiciary of the United States is
the subtle corps of sappers and miners con
stantly working under ground to undermine
the foundations of our coniederated fabric.
They are construing our constitution from a
co-ordination of a general and special Govern
ment to a general and supreme one alone.
• • • Having found from experience
that impeachment is an impracticable thing,
a mere scarecrow, they consider themselves he
cure for life; they skulk from responsibility.
An opinion is huddled up in conclave, perhaps
by a majority oi one, delivered as if unani
mous, and w»th the silent acquiescence of lazy
and timid associates, by a crafty chief judge,
who sophisticates the law to his mind by tne
turn of his own reasoning." Letter to Thomas
Ritchie, December 25, 1820. Jackson was in
accord with Jefferson. When President the
great case of Worcester vs. Georgia was de
cided. The Governor refused to obey the man
date of the United States Supreme Court, and
ou the threshold of a threatened conflict
Jackson said: "John Marshall has made the
decision; now let him execute it." So that the
Chicago convention can appeal to the fathers
for their incendiary utterances ana revolu
tionary conduct. Bbn Morgan.
THE SUGAR INDUSTRY.
How the Enterprise of Claus Sprkckels Will
Benefit thb State.
Monterey, Cal., Aug. 3, 1896.
Editor of the San Francisco Call: Kindly
allow me space to amplify a little on the
cursory remarks time permitted at Saturday's
mass-meeting in Salinas City.
The successful launching of so vast an enter
prise is of more than local interest, as every
productive industry benefits the whole com
munity. The turning loo»e of $17,000 a day
in Salinas Valley in good gold coin helps tbe
San Francisco dry-goods, market, the Palace
Hotel and the Baldwin Theater. The farmer's
good times are the good times of mechanic
and merchant, preacher and teacher.
This sugar industry assists the farmer in so
many ways in which he has looked hitherto
in vain for help that its immediate practica
bility seems almost too good to be true. The
weak point in Californian agriculture has been
that no rotation of crops seemed possible. The
eternal over-production of cereals was the
bane both of the farmer and his farm. Low
prices and exhausted land were its inevitable
results.
Every acre sown to sugar-beets helps to
diminish the area devoted to cereals and to
lessen the glut in both wheat and barley mar
kets. Every acre in beets means that much
land left thoroughly cultivated and free from
foul growth for the succeeding crop. More
over, if the beet refuse be fed out to stock on
the farm with such additional provenaer as
economy dictates, the land may be enriched
rather than impoverished, as the actual sugar
is derived from the air. The deep plowing re
quired for beet culture is the very thing most
of our farmers need, as the same four or five
inches has been turned to and fro fora quai
ter of a century until it has become a wonder
that it produces anything at all.
Then it furnishes that great desideratum— a
means of employing tbe youth of the country
and gives the farmer a chance to keep indus
trious all through the year. It furnishes food
for his stock— succulent food— when sucli food
is not easily obtained in California.
A ready and a steady market is also brought
to his very door. He needs the intervention
of no middleman, and he knows beforehand
just what price he will get, and when he sells
he is sure of his United States gold coin, which,
if he wants silver, he ota change for about
two Mexican or Chilean silver dollars and buy
himself rich.
Then the innumerable employes of the fac
tory create a home market for an immense
amount of garden sass and beef, etc., and thus
enhance the price of other farm products.
The accruing' benefit to all classes in Mon
terey County will be so great ti;»t. instead 01
Claus Spreckels adopting any such undemo
cratic title as was suggested at the Bnliuas
banquet, I think it would be more appropriate
to call him the more lovely and attractive
name of ''Monterey's Santa Claus." So mote
it be. Edward Berwick.
LITTLE GIRL'S DRESS.
A dainty frock for little girls of 2 to 6 years
is shown here. It is designed to wear with
guimpes. without sleeves, the dress itself hav
ing bishop sleeves with cape-like tops.
A dress of blue and white challis, with trim-
miners of bands of white lace, was cool and
stylish for a best dress.
A gown of mixed wool, of old blue and black,
had bands of piain blue satin, overlaid with
rows of black soutache braid.
A blue and pink gingham had bands of pinlc
gingham, embroidered in blue.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
He's All Right.
Fresno Republican.
A man who applied to a Ban Francisco Judge
to be naturalized, in response to a question,
said: "I'd fight for the United States against
England and all the rest ot the world together,
but I couldn't fight poor Ireland." The Judge
naturalized him, and he did right. The man
who is loyal to one country will be equally
loyal to another. Mr. Reiily of San Francisco
will be a good citizen of the United States.
How It Will Work.
Visalia Delta.
The ardent free-silver Democrats think the
nomination of Watson for Vice-President was
an exhibition of nerve, lor it would have made
the free-silver cause stronger to have indorsed
both Bryan and Sewall. They should, however,
thank the Populists forgivinsr them the biggest
half. And it looks now as if Mr. Sewall will
have to come oil' the perch, for Watson says be
will not. For both to remain will give Mr.
McKinley an overwhelming majority in the
electoral college.
Qnite Practical.
Amalor Record.
The Chicago man who advocated the forma
tion of "Democratic McKinley clubs" through
out the country didn't intend to be humor
ous. ________^_____
MRS. STOWE'S SERVICE TO THE
NOVELISTS
Comment is made ou the work performed by
"Uncle Tom's Cablu" in breaking down the
prejndice against novel-reading. The novel
was, prior to the day of Uncle Tom, pretty
generally tabooed by religious people. "Uncle
Tom," says the Rochester Democrat and
Chronicle, "brought a change." To be sure it
was with many profound explanations that
they read it. They salved their consciences
with the reflection or the fiction that it was
"founded on facts." They impressed upon the
minds of their friends the moral and religious
features of the work. But they read it with
delight, the more eagerly doubtless because
they had rigidly starved themselves by abstain
ing from all literary diet of an imaginative
character. Clergymen, deacons, devout women,
every clsss of religious minds, raven
ously devoured that story. To be
sure they had previou?ly read that beau
tiful narrative ' about the " Prodigal
Son"; but that was a parable. They had read
"Pilgrim's Progress." but that was an allegory.
A novel, pure and simple, was ranked with
theater attendance, dancluc and card-playing.
It was always spoken of by the pious in that
connection ; but "Uncle Tom" broke the spell.
From that day to this novel-reading has been
one of the delights even of evangelical circles.
Every large private library contains stacks of
fiction. A large proportion of the books in the
Sunday-school libraries of our day is com
posed of novels.
The popularity of Dickens, Thackeray, Col
lins, Reade. Victor Hugo and other famous
writers of fiction gave an impetus to the pas
sion for that class of literature. Those writers
never knew, perhaps, how greatly they were
indebted for their great army of readers to
Mrs. Stowe for breaking the ice in thousands
of homes that had frozen out every work of
fiction before her extraordinary production
appeared.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Austin Corbin has sent word to the New York
Park Commissioners that he will carry out the
intentions of his 'ate father by sending a herd
of buffalo to Central Park.
It is rumored that M. James Tissot, tbe Eng
lish painter, when he has quite completed his
plan of illustrating the gospel by his water
colors, will enter a Trappist monastery.
A woman pilot has taken charge of the trad
ing steamers between Bristol and Cardigan for
some years past, and "Betty," as she is called,
is a familiar figure on the Cardigan rivers.
The German Empress possesses a unique tea
service. The tea tray has been beaten out of
au old Prussia halfpenny, the teapot is made
out of a German farthing, and the tiny cups
are made from coins of different German prin
cipalities.
Mrs. Ebenezer Humphrey has presented to
the town of Oxford, N. H., the original war
rant Issued by King James of England for the
collection of the town tax. It was issued to
H. C. Gray, King's collector, and is dated De
cember 31, 1671.
L. G. Tait, the golf champion of England, is a
son of Professor Peter Guthrie Tait, who holds
the chair of natural philosophy in the Uni
versity of Edinburgh. The professor has writ
ten a treaties on the dynamics of goll ball,
which his son has followed in his playing.
NEWSPAPER JOKES.
He— l hear that small waists are going out of
date.
She— l think not. Who told you?
He— Laura Flagjr.
She— Yes; poor Laura is getting quite stout
of late.— lndianapolis Journal.
Confectionery and Ice-cream Man — We'll
lose ten of our Dest customers next week.
Assistant— We will? Are they going to Eu
rope for their summer outing?
"No; they're going to get married."— New
York Weekly.
Sadder Still — "For of all spd wordsof tongue
or pen," be murmured, "the saddest are these:
'It might have been !' "
Young Spooner's lip quivered.
"You've never heard a girl say 'Nit,' have
yon?" he muttered.— Puck.
AN ANECDOTE, NOT A FABLE.
Fresno Republican.
A Democratic Alexander sat down and wept.
"Why do you weepS" asked an observer.
"I have captured tne Populists, theSilverites,
the Prohibitionists and tbe Union Labor party,
and there are no more worlds left ior me to
couquer."
"There is the Republican party," the Ob
server suggested.
"I said to conquer!" the Democratic Alex
ander iudignantly responded ; "why don't you
notice the words that are used in your
presence?"
ARREST OF A FAKER.
New York Fourth Esta'c.
Charles Mclntyre was arrested recently for
giving the Syracuse Evening Herald and Even
ing News a "fake" story about the "death" of
John L. Sullivan. He pleaded guilty to the
charge, and, aiter a warning, was discharged.
The arrest of Mclntyre suggests a novel
method of dealing with fakers, and if this cus
tom shall become general there may be grief
in more than one newspaper office.
CRITICIZING METHODS OF THE
BENEVOLENT.
Stockton Mail.
The height oi impudence would seem to
have been reached -when the professional un
employed held a convention to protest against
the manner in which the money for their re
lief was to be applied.
PATRIOTISM MUST BE PRACTICAL.
San Jose Mercury.
Patriotism is manifested in many ways, bnt
the Republican who fails to register will not
show it in any way.
A POOR TUNE.
Bodle Mining Index.
The Democratic party has stolen Populist
thunder and is trying to make a tune out of it.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Cremation— R. F. W.. City. The body of an
adult that has been cremated will leave a
residue weighing from three to five pounds.
No ':, Premium— A. 8.. , Castle Crag, Shasta
County, CaL Coin catalogues fail to show that
any premium is offered for either a dollar of
1894 or one of 1395.
Los Angeles— Eddy street, City. According
to the census of 1890, the population of, Los
Angeles was 50,395, no it is claimed that
the population of that city is 65,000.
"Blue Jackets"— D. W. ; c.. City. -. This de
partmint is unable to discover any political
party that is or ever was known as "The Blue
Jackets." '■ ■ - - ■• '
Wool, Wheat— A. McMV In 1892 the low
est price for wool was for fall wool from the
south. 6 to 7 cents; the lowest price for wheat
in 1891 was $1 27^ and kin 1892-93 It was
$138%. * .. "•- ■■
Uncle Tom's Cabin— S. M. T., City. "Uncle
Tom's Cabin," in book form, appeared for the
first time on the 20th of March, 1852. It had
before that appeared as a serial iv the Na
tional Era.
Sixteen to One— J. L., and a Subscriber,
City. The term 16 to 1, as applied to silver,
means that in a dollar in silver there shall be
by weight sixteen times as much metal as
there is metal in a gold dollar.
McKinlet— J. F., City. When William Mc-
Kinley was Governor of Ohio he was almost
financially ruined by the acts of a man whose
notes he had indorsed. He did not go into in
solvency. Offers of financial aid came to him
from all parts of the Union, but he respect
fully declined them all.
Thb Creamer Mtjrdek— A. R. 8., City. Jen
nie Creamer was murdered in New Haven,
Conn.. August 6, 1881. Walter E. and James
Malley and Blanche Douglass were indicted on
a charge of having caused her death and after
a trial which commenced April 19 and con
tinued until July 30, 1882, they were acquitted.
Post and Half Cents— Subscriber, City. No,
the Evening Post of this City never was sold
for half a cent. Whan It was started, with
Henry George as editor, in December, 1872
the paper was sold on the streets by the news
boys for 1 cent a copy. Half cents were first
coined in the United States in 1793 and con
tinued until 1857.
Congress— S. L. P., Alameda, Cal. The pres
ent Congress, known as the fifty-fourth, has in
the Senate and House of Representatives 144
Democrats, 287 Republicans, 12 Popuiista aud
one lonely silver man. The members of the
Cabinet do not vote on matters that come be
fore Congress. It is impossible to say what in
fluence on deliberations any recommendations
of Cabinet officers may have.
The Fenian Raid— R. F. W., City. What is
commonly known as the "Fenian raid into
Canada" occurred in 1866. On the 4th of
March of that year a mass-meeti ng was held In
the city of New York and threats were nrnde to
invade Canada. On the 2d of June, Colonel
O'Neill and others crossed the Niagara and
entered Canada. On the same day Generals
Grant and Meade arrested a number of indi
viduals who were charge! with being part of
"the Fenian invading army." On the 7lh of
June President Johnson issued a proclamation
in regard to the raids, and a few days after
that the whole affair cam« to an end.
Naval Academy— c. C. 8.. Belmont, Cal. An
applicant for admission to the Naval Academy
at Annapolis must be not under 15 nor more
than 20 years of age. He must be physically
sound, well formed and of robust condition.
He is, if accepted, required to sisrn articles
binding himself to serve in the United State*
navy ior eight years, including the term of
probation in the Naval Academy.
Wkddino Etiqvette— M. P., City. At a wed
ding the groom and bride at the breakfast or
dinner, as the case may be, occupy the head of
the table, the bride's mother snould be seated
alongside of the groom and the father along
side of the bride, the groom's mother should
sit alongside of the bride's father and the
grooms lather alongside the bride's mother.
The bride cuts the cake after the meal.
Deserting Hcsband— Postman, City. If a
man deserted his wife and unborn child ten
years ago, came to this State, married again
without having been divorced, she couW, if
the first wife commenced an action within
three years after discovering the fact of second
marriage, have him prosecuted for bigamy.
If he is a resident of this City report the
case to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, and he will be made to
support his deserted child.
Assessment Wokk.— D. W. S., Robinson's
Ferry, j Cal. > Assessment work on a mining
claim must be done within the calendar year
after location, and after that within the first
and last day of the year. In other words, if a
claim is located on the Ist of August, the first
assessment work must be done within the year
ending July 31 following. The next assess
men work must be done within the January
and the December following the date of „ loca
tion. 80 says an individual versed in the law.
The Election op Bones— W. L., Kingman,
Ariz. J. W. Bones was elected on the 22d of
January, 1878, to succeed Nathan Porter, a
State Senator from Alameda, who died on the
6th of that month. The Journal of the Senate
of January 30, 1878, says: , "
_ J. W. Bones was presented at the bar of the
Senate by Mr. Curtis as Senator-elect from Ala
m,ed» <-°unty, to succeed the late Senator Porter.
Mr. Bones presented his credentials, whereupon
the oath of office was administered to him by Mr.
Lewis, president pro tern, of the Senate. ■ ■ -
Confederate Money— b. J. c, city. There
no longer being any Confederacy there is no
one nor any funds withw.'iiih to redeem the
notes that were, issued by it during the period,
ofjthe Civil War. Near the close of the war, when
Jefferson Davis eomiuif.ed the keeping of the
treasury chest to General Joe Jobngton, it con
tained, according to that officer's statement in
his narrative of the rebellion, but $39,000 in
silver, a considerable portion of which he took
and divided among his troops. A Confederate
"greenback" is worth just what any one wish
ing such, a curiosity would be willing to giva
for it.
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public- men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
84.NBOSN, Vail & Co. have framed up a large
number of pictures to sell at 50c. 75c, $1,
$1 50 and $2 each that are calculated to revo
lutionize the picture trade. Nothing equal to
them have ever been ottered for double the
money. They also have lines of etchings
framed up iv quarter-sawed oak arid white ami
golds to sell lor $2 50, $3, $3 50 and $4 each
that usually bring from $5 to $8 each. These
low prices are made by purchasing and mak
ing the frames in large quantities. Every one
in cordially invited to see these new things
that are on exhibition and sale at the store of
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
THE BLIGHTING PESSIMIST.
Salinas Owl.
A loud-mouthed chronic kicker does more
harm in a community than the smallpox.
Cheap l.xi-uraion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern P*clflc|Rall
road has been selected as the official , rout* to air
tend the .National Encampment of the C a. K. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2 < 5. The
excursion will leave Sao Francisco anu Sacra
mento August 26 at ' 7 F. it.' Kates 967 90 for tha
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, Han Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*
Are ton Going Kail?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa <N
route— ls tne coolest and most comfortablt inn»"
mer line, owing to its elevation and abseno* ot
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of Us palac* draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping,
cars, which run dally through trom Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and 1*
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Ticc
et office, 644 Market bireet, Chronicle buildup.
Telephone, Main 1531.
"Mrs. IVinslow's Soothing Syrnn"
Ha* been used over BO years by millions of rnotbsn
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. It soothes the child,' softens the gums, alley
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels anl
lathe best remedy" for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sals -by ' Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and au£
{or Mrs. Wmslow's Soothing Syrup. 2&° » uo;Ua.
■ ■ ■■ — — . — — » — » ■ # - ..;
CobowaOO.— Atmosphere Is ! perfectly drr.,*tft
and mild, being entirely tree from the mlsti cara
mon further north. Hound-trip tickets, by -.«*ra
ship, Including fifteen days' board at Lbs Hotel X»i
CoroDado, «60: longer stay 92 SO per day. ApjHf
*i«ew iuoijigonitry'st., sanFraicisco. '':
A tier's Ch«rry Pectoral gives prompt rellet
That's why It excells all other preparations for
colds and coughs.
EXTREME IDEAS UNSAFE.
Visalia Delta
The mere coinage of a vnst amount of silver
will not alone make it circulate abundantly
among the people, and if a large amount were
put into circulation at once it would be di
verted into the same channels of trade In
which all money flown. We could accommo
date a larger amount than we have now, but
too great a stock wonld cheapen It as a surplus
of wheat in the markets of the world reduces
the price.
KEW TO-DAT. '
SUMMERSHOE
| SALE. ■/.:.:
.The one event in Shoe Selling this
year is our;.?.?'
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
Now in progress. Look at these prices,
and come early to avoid the rush.
Child's Pebble Grain Button, stylish and
. - serviceable, sixes 6V3 to 7Vs 90«
; Sizes B to 10% .....'!...,... $100
Misses' Fine Pebble Grain Button, diamond-
shape tips, spring heel, sizes 11 to 2....... 1 25
Ladies' Tan Kid -Button, square toe and tip,
-;- sprint: heel, sizes iJVa to 6, regular 13
Shoe, reduced t0...... :..'... 185
Misses' Tan Cloth-Top Button, spring heel, -■ ■
sizes 11 to 1 1/3, regular price %'i 50, re-
duced t0.v..*.:.. ...:........ : 165
Child's Tan Kid Button, spring heel, sizes 8
.'■-• to 10y 3 , regular #'J shoe, reduced 10 186
Ladies' trench Heel .Louis XV Lace Oxfords
or Southern lies, latest style, pointed toe,
regular 94 tie, during this sale 0n1y....... 295
Men's Best Kusiet Calf Lace, latest style ;
.- toe, either ' narrow, square or the Daw-
: ••» ' style round • toe, ■ regular $5 shoe, during
: ■ this sate 0n1y.; .-..'.-.". .....:.... 350
Boys' school >uops, a lot x>f 92 Button Shoes,
all sizes op to 6, will be closed out at. . .... . 1 15
Ladles' $2 Tan southern Ties, square or
:;.- pointed t0e....^. ..*."... 1 40
 Mail -, orders promptly filled. Cannot prepay
charges on reduced good*. . bend for catalogue.
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Headquarters ' for I ' Buckingham V A
/ ■';-:,■•-. Heeht'a Shoes. .• ' .U ; ;-.:93)£ ■• ■-'■•■ fiMI
WEDNE5DAY......... ...... ....AUGU5T 5, 1896
AMUSEMENTS. ;
Paltwis Thkatkb.— "The Benefit <of the
Doubt."
r«unnu THEATKB.-"MaYourne«n."
Columbia Thkateh—'" A Gold Mine."
Kobosco's (jikba-Kousk— "The Danites." .
livou Opkfa-Housk.— "Faust."
OKrHKtrji— High-Class Vaudeville. [
M-tro Baths— and performances.
t-HooT thk Chtitks— Dally at Hal*nt street,
one block east of the Park. i
PICNICS AM) EXCURSIONS.
Picnic— Of the Retail Grocers' Protective Asso-
ciation Union, at Scheutzen Park. Sunday. Aug. 9.
AUCTION iALES. 
By Frank W. Buttkrfiki.i> — This day
(Wednesday), at 444 Van Ness avenue, at 11
o'clock. ■- . .'■••.■".
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
O. T. Willey A Co., carriage dealers, were at
tached by their creditors yesterday.
The weather office offers fair weather, with
westerly winds brisk and high for to-day.
County Clerk Curry's annual report to the
Board of Supervisors was rendered yesterday.
Clubs to foster home industries will soon b«
formed amone the working classes of this City.
The California Swimming Club will meet
this evening at its headquarters at the Sutro
Bath 8.
Chief Janitor Brooks of the Emporium is
supposed to have gone away with his type
writer.
National Parlor No. 118, N. 8. G. W., gare an
entertainment and dance last night at Native
Sons' Hall.
City and County Attorney Creswell has de
clared the reduction of south of the park taxes
to be legal.
A warrant is out for the arrest of Samuel B.
Black, an actor, on charges of bigamy and
tailure to provide.
The Pacific Coast Pony and Steeplechase As
sociation will hold its annual meeting at
Monterey this month.
Donations of fruit and flowers are contin
uclly beine sent by friends of the cause to the
Woman Suffrage Bureau.
A private letter from Alaska says that the
schooner Herman has made the splendid catch
of sixty-three otter skins.
The cases of illegal registration recently re
ferred by the Registrar to the Grand Jury will
be considered next Friday.
The crew of the Sierra Parima was not lost
as reported. They were picked up by a passing
ship and landed at Colombo, Ceylon.
John B. Earle has sued H. J. Booth to re
cover $3900 due on promissory notes, drawn
in favor of the Anglo-Calif ornian Bank.
A final article on the lumber industry
further shows how free trade, the same that
Bryan advocates, has led to general ruin.
Four of the buy and river steamers broke
down yesterday. The T. C. Walker blew out
her cylinder-head and two of '.he crew were
scalded.
Chief Crowley and Chief Sullivan of the
Fire Department refused yesterday to aid the
Board of Health in tearing down Chinese
rookeries.
The King's Daughters of the Chinese Pres
byterian Church held their first regular meet
ing since their summer vacation yesterday
aiternoon.
German Consul-General Rosenthal denies
that he knows of the immense fortune to
which Barkeeper Adolph Nothbaar claims to
have fallen heir.
The case of the Government against the
North Bloom field Gravel Mining Company
came up lor hearing in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday.
The Phoenix Republican Clnb held a rousing
meeting in Scottish Hall last night, at which
stirring addresses were delivered by William
Powers and Andy Branch.
The British ship Lathom, which arrived from
Swansea yesterday, rescued the crew of the
ship Gowanbank oft' the Horn. The latter ves
sel was in a sinking condition.
A synopsis of the report of Hon. T. L. Ford
to the California Miners' Association upon his
work in Washington in the interests of mines
and miners appears in this issue.
The estate ot Alexander P. Moore has been
partially distributed. The report of the in
come-tax appraiser, setting forth the amounts
paid the heirs, was tiled yesterday.
Chinese lottery tickets have been so exten
sively seized of late by Collector Wise and the
police that the Chinese are setting up presses
to make their own tickets in this City.
Owen Cunningham has sued Contractor J.
H. McKay tor $20,000 damages for injuries
sustained by reason of a fall from an alleged
defective ladder in use by the defendant.
It is now claimed tnat the statute providing
for the sale of franchises at public auction is
unconstitutional, and a test case will probably
be made in the matter of the Geary-street
road's application.
A. Palardini, the fish merchant, was con
victed by Judge Conlan yesterday of having
fetriped bass less than three pounds in weight
in his possession, and was ordered to appear
for sentence Saturday.
Mme. Amelia Mezzara of this City has been
granted a pension by the Wnr Department for
services as nurse during the Civil War. She
also did service in the hospitals during the
Franco-Prussian conflict.
Mrs. Annie Mitchell, who is awaitinp trial
for cutting a horse with a razor on Eighth
street, near Folsom, tied her son to her with a
rope yesterday afternoon and jumped into the
bay, but both were rescued.
During the progress of the trial of Peter F
Lane in Judge Wallace's court yesterday, Julia
Christiansen, a 14-year-old witness, refused to
testify unless released- from the Magdalen Asy
lum, where she is at present detained.
James Carr of the Portland Hotel, 54 Sacra
mento street, desires to have it known that he
is no way connected with the Jim Carr of Mc-
Allister street, who was mentioned in an
article published in The Call last week.
The British ship Lathom, 1?5 days from
Swansea, ana the American bark Undaunted
196 iays from Baltimore, both arrived in port
yesterday. They were considerably overdue
and heavy reinsurance was paid oa them.
H. Kobagashi, a representative of the com
pany which proposes to run steamers from this
coast to the Orient, appeared betore the Har
bor Commissioner yesterday and was assured
the hearty support of that body in the enter
prise.
The children of John O'Brien, a wealthy resi
dent of Noe Valley, are fighting to secure pos
session of his property before the old man dies
A suit to obtain a portion of his estate was
filed yesterday by Mrs. Annie Perry, his
daughter.
Yesterday at 10 o'clock the council fire was
kindled of the thirty-first great sun session of
the Great Council oi California, Improved
Order of Red Men, and the fourth great sun
council of the degree of Pocahontas, at Red
Men's Hall.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion will probably make a lively fight before
Congress and the State Legislature to secure
the passage of laWjg to compel dealers in con
vict-made goods, to brand the same by some
mark to show that the stuff was not made by
free labor.
Superintendent Babcock states that he is in
receipt this year of an unusual number of ap
plications for transfers of pupils from one
school to another. He attributes the reason of
thiscniefly to a desire upon the part of parents
to have their children educated in fashionable
schools and aristocratic neighborhoods.
; "' NEW' TO-DAY. "'*V/(V
DISTRESSING M
IRRITATIONS W'
Of- THE
SKIN J/lflffl
Instantly 3^^\\(({
Relieved by ////[yL
To cleanse, purify, and beautify the ' skin,
scalp, and hair, to allay Itching and irritation, to
heal dialings, excoriations, ana ulcerative weak-
nesses,' to Bpocdily cure the first symptoms of
torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp humors,
nothing bo pure, «o sweet, bo •wholesome, bo
speedily effective as warm baths with Cuticura
Soal', and. gentle applications of • Cdticcba
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Sold throughout the world. -i Price, Cftictba, 58e.;
Soap, iic..-, Risoltekt, Me Mid *'• »"»tt*« Diva
am. CnrM. Cum-., stole Prop*.. Boiloa. *. -j ; s x ..-
ST " liow to Cut. Skin Diumi," mailed DM. "
DINKELSPIEL NOMINATED FOR CONGRESS,
He Will Represent the
Fourth District in the
Next House.
THERE WAS tfO ONE TO
OPPOSE HIM.
Pledged to Vote and Work
Against Any Railroad Fund
ing Bill.
DECISION IN THE ALAMEDA
CONTEST CASE.
Republican Organizations Getting
Into Line and Presenting a Solid
Front to the Enemy of the
Country's Development.
It was a representative body of the best
citizens of the district that assembled in
Shiels Hall last night to name one of
their number to represent the Republican
sentiment ot the district in Congress. The
so-called boy element was absent and in
its stead were assembled representatives
of the mechanics, the laborers and the
business men of the district. They were
not looking for iat jobs in the City Hall
and they had no eye on the police force,
but they had met for the purpose of guard
ing the welfare and the industrial inter
est? of'the City from the attacks of organ
ized anarchist?.
John M. Chretien presided over the
meeting and Martin Stevens wielded the
pen of the secretaryship.
The following named were appointed by
the chair as a committee on platform and
resolutions: T. D. Riordan of the Forty
second Assembly District, J. H. Daley of
Mr. Dinkelspiel Indorsing the Republican Platform and Pledging Himself Against Any and All
Funding Bills.
the Twenty-eighth, D.A Crowley of the
Tvrenty-ninth, James Gilleran of the
Thirtieth, D. K. McMullin of the Thirty
first, Zach T. Whitten of the Thirty-second,
J. C. Welch of the Thirty-third, John Tut
tle of the Thirty-ninth, A. W. Martin of
the Forty-third, E. C. Palmieri of the
Forty-fourth and Thomas Duffy oi the
Forty-fifth.
The committee, tbroueh Thomas D.
Riordan, recommended the adoption of
the platform adopted by the Republican
National Convention in St. Louis with the
following additional plank:
Resolved, That we are opposed to the funding
of the debt of the Union Pacific Railroad, and
we recommend that our candidates for Con
gress be pledged to vote against any such
measure.
Nominations for Congressman from the
Fourth District havinc: been declared in
order Secretary Stevens named H. G. W.
IHnkelspiel. Mr. Stevens called attention
to the fact that Mr. Dinkelspiel had not
been imported into this country under a
Democratic free trade system of tariff, but
that he had been born upon the soil of
California and had lived here all his life.
He had never been guilty of any act that
would bring the slightest blush upon
the cheek of any honorable man. He
served the people of this City in the As
sembly and in a perfect hotbed of Demo
cratic corruption he was ever found at his j
post doing his duty, seeking to preserve
the fair name of this State.
Mr. Stevens called attention to Mr.
Dinkelspiel's literary attainments. He
was a lawyer, well versed in every branch i
of his profession, is conversant with all of J
the topics of the day, understands the
value and the necessity of a high protec
tive tariff and is thoroughly acquainted
with every branch of the financial question.
In response to a persistent call Mr.
DinJcelspiel appeared upon the platform
and was received with great cheerins;.
He began by saying that he was not an
orator, but he wished to say a few words
as a sincere Republican. He said that he
expected to enter upon this canvass with
a good many obstacles in the way, but he
assured his hearers that they would hear
from him more than onc«j, and that
effectively before the end of the campaign.
He added:
I propose to let every candidate who is in
the field know that I am up And at them. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
regret that there are more than one Republi
can candidate in the field.
The speaker was interrupted by cries of
"No; there is only one. and that is Din
kelspiel." Mr. Dinkelspiel continued:
I feel in looking over this assemblage that it
represents the best elements in the Republi
can party— the best representatives of Califor
nia's citizenship, enterprise and industrial
Drospertty. I will leave no stone unturned
that will lead to the entire success of the Re
publican party from Major McKinley down.
[Great applause.]
I indorse the platform as read here to-day
and as enunciated by the Republican party at
St Louis.
The main issue, that which is always before
the people, is that of protection. [Applause.J
I think that if the hungry, starving workmen
that are walking our streets in countless num
bers are given work, which will surely come
to them under protection, they will feel more
gTateful to the Republican party than if we
gave them anything else that the Democratic
party are desirous of not giving them. I shall
enter upon this canvass with an earnest effort
to redeem the Fourth congressional District
for the Republican party.
The nomination was made by acclama
tion and cheers were given for the nomi
nee.
For Presidential Elector from the Fourth
Congressional District, Thomas D. Rior
dan named W. W. Montague.
Mr. Montague was elected by acclama
tion.
County Clerk Curry placed in nomina
tion as the alternate elector Cornelius
O'Connor.
The meeting then adjourned until the
call of the chair.
The Republican Contest.
The campaign committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee remained
in session all yesterday afternoon hearing
arguments on both sides of the contested
delegations in Solano and Alameda. The
committee was: John D. Spreckels (chair
man), Paris Kilburn, E. K. Taylor, M. R.
Hiegins and Major McLaughlin. The
committee was addressed by Dr. Pardee
and M. C. Chapman.
At the end of the session the following
resolution was adopted : #
Resolved, That the campaign committee of
the Republican State Executive Committee,
having heard the statements of the contest
ants in Alameda County in regard to the com
ing primary election, and being fully advised
in the premises, desire to commend the spirit
| of fairness displayed by the Alameda Republi
can County Committee in carrying out the
recommendations of this committee relative to
the details of the primary election to b? heid
in said county on the 15th day of August. This
commiitee, however, deprecates the fact that
in Alameda and Solano counties the County
Committee did not observe strictly the recoin
meudation of the late State Convention in the
selection of delegate? at large, which recom
mendation was as follows:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this conven
tion that all delegates to the county, district
and State conventions of the Republican party
should be selected at primaries or caucuses,
regularly called by the county central com
mittees ot the several counties for that pur
pose, and that only such delegates as are so
selected at such primaries or caucuses shall
be seated in any of the conventions ot the
party hereafter to be held.
This committee, therefore, recommends
to the county committees of both Alameda
and Solano counties that the delegates at
laree be voted for at the coming primaries
in every polling place.
39TH REPUBLICANS.
Dlnkelsnlel and the Entire Party
Enthusiastically Indorsed.
The Republicans of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District held a rousing meeting
at Saratoga Hall last night, President
John Gilson in the chair.
After the routine work of the club had
been disposed of the following resolutions
wer-- introduced by Mr. Reynolds:
Resolved, That we the Republicans of the
I Thirty-ninth Assembly District indorse the
nominees, Maior W. McKinley and Garret
Hobart of the Kepublican party ns made by
the National Convention, and the platform
upon which they stand as being the only one
by which protection to American industries is
assured to the mechanics and workingmen of
the United States; and be it further
Resolved, That we do most heartily indorse
I the nomination of Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel
for Congress from the Fourth Congressional
Dutrict, and we hereby pledge him and the
entire Republican party our most cordial sup
port. Believing as we do that the placing of
the National and municipal govermeut under
Republican control will give to the people of
this Nation and City a safe and economical
administration.
J. J. Sullivan added the following, which
was also unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the Repubiican club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District points with
pride to the honesty, emciency and integrity
of U. L. Taylor, our present Supervisor lrom
tne Eighth Ward, believing that he has been
a faithiul guardian of the people's interests.
•
Registration Closed.
When registration closed yesterday at
the City Hall Charles McGreevey, one of
the deputy Registrars, invited his col
leagues to remain, as it was proposed to
tender a vote of thanks to the representa
tives of the Republican party for their
diligence and urbanity in the performance
of their duties, as this seemed to be
about the only compensation they were
likely to receive. Aa Democrats they
could do no less than acknowledge the
worth of the men and tneir work.
Captain Barbour tben read the follow
ing resolution, which was passed in most
enthusiastic fashion:
Resolved. That the Republican representa
tives detailed to record the names oi all per
sons registered at this office are entitled to the
thanks of the Deputy Registrars and of the
citizens of San Francisco for their prompti
tude and regularrty, their courtesy and in
dustry in facilitating registration and other
wise assisting in this important work of the
Deputy Registrars.
THE PHOENIX CLUB.
Rousing Meeting: Held In Scottish
Hall and Stirring Addresses
Made.
The Phoenix Republican Club held a
rousing me* ing in Scottish Hall last
night. The lower hall, in which the meet
ing took place, was so crowded that a
large number had to remain standing and
others were crowded around the entrance.
The club officers have the wisdom to com
bine business with pleasure and the con
stantly increasing membership is the re
sult.
Colonel Eddy presided and kept things
from gettinga monotonous. During the
evening Miss Viola Koegel delivered a
recitation. A. Friedlander told stories,
Miss Minnie Robinson and others rendered
sentimental and comic songs, and telling
speeches were made by William Powers
and Secretary Andy Branch on protection
to the industries of the country and the
necessity of electing a Republican Presi
dent.
Owing to the largely increasing attend
ance it was decided to meet in future on
Thursday evenings in the lanje upper hall,
the next meeting to be held a week from
to-morrow night.
The drill corps is now prepared for cam
paign work and is getting into splendid
form under the captainship of Tom O'Neill.
The corps will present a fine appearance
on its first turn out. The club button has
been much admired and favorably com
mented upon. Tnis is the only club that
has a club button.
Howard Rapublicans.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Howard Republican Club was held at
Pythian Castle Hall last evening. A band
of eighteen pieces was in attendance, and
furnished the club with music for the
evening. When C. E. Newman called the
meeting to order the hall was filled with
enthusiastic members, over 500 being
present.
Thomas F. Graham acted as secretary.
C. W. Colby, who has charge of tne drill
corps, reported that he was drilling the
corps regularly, and in his opinion the
Howard Club Drill Corps was one of the
finest in the State. Fred Eggers, treasurer
of the club, stated that he Had ordered 2000
campaign buttons, which would be ready
for distribution in a few days.
Mr. Newman then introduced the
speaker of the evening, Hon. William S.
Barnes, who enlightened the club on the
money and tariff questions and the latest
political issues of tne day, and explained
to the club the necessity of electing Mr.
McKinley President.
Short speeches were made by Judge C.
A. Low, Hon. John T. Dare, I. Kincaid,
Thomas F. Graham, E. B. Williams and
others. The club was then entertained
with choice selections from the Howard
quartet, Kid Nelson, Silver and Wyatt,
Heffernan and Webb, R. McCreedie and
others. The Imperial Club of tne Thirty
first Assembly District then murched into
the hall 100 strong, and were received with
great enthusiasm. J. J. Graham, the
president, made a short address and pre
dicted success for the Republican tictet.
The club then adjourned, with cheers for
McKinley and protection.
Leland Stanford Camp.
Leland Stanford Camp No. 2, A. and N.
R. R., will meet at 926 O'Farrell street thi?
evening at 8 o'clock. Congressman E. F.
Loud will address the meeting, and there
will be musical and literary exercises.
National League.
The next regular meeting of the Na
tional Republican League of San Fran
cisco will be held this evening at the
rooms of the Union League in the Palace
Hotel.
Returned With Thank*.
Henry Grim, the boy who was supposed to
be afflicted with leprosy and was declared not
to be insane by the Insanity Commissioners,
was sent bacK to Mendocino County yesterday
afternoon. The expense of the trip was pro
vided out of the Major's emergency fund.
A Cliff-Hou«e IMcnfc.
The sisters of St. Francis' Girls' Directory
Orphan Asylum will Rive their charges an
cutingntt.e Cliff House to-day. The party
will leave :U8:15 A. M., to return at 5 o'clock
in the evening.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Butter street.
Telepnoue Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
OUR SUMMER-TIME
GALES ARE THIN.
Just Go Upward a Little
and There'll Be No
Dust.
WHAT HAMMON FOUND.
His Kites Struck Sunny Calms at
Only Eighteen Hundred
Feet
WE'LL KNOW OUR WINDS YET.
Project to Measure Sea Breezes in
Cubic Miles Per Minute for
the Interior.
Forecast Official Hammon gave some
information yesterday which shows what
a low, groveling life the people of San
Francisco lead, albeit they vaunt much of
many things.
Attached to tnis new reason why the
spirit of San Francisco mortals should not
be overproud is an interesting scientific
discovery. This discovery relates entirely
to the air.
Hammon has really discovered some
thing that nobody has known before, and
which is worth knowing theoe midsummer
days, as the nasty thirty-eight-mile gales
try to sweep the streets and to use the
eves of citizens for dustpans. He has dis
covered that it is but just a little way up
ward to airs that are warm and calm — not
as far as from Kearny street to the City
Hall.
He has sounded in an upward way the
listing gales which constitute this City's
characteristic summer winds, and has
found that the air current which sweeps in
througn this gap in the Coast Range
whenever the interior is hot is much
smaller in vertical measurement than he
or anybody else who happened to think of
at all has thought.
Hammon has recently measured this
current twice early in the afternoon. Once
the sea breeze was found to be only 1800
feet deep; all the other time it was 2500
feet.
Tuis is not very deep, or rather, very
high. Tamalpais rises to 2900 feet and
Tamalpais is not a very long measuring
pole when aerial exploration is consid
ered. So the sea breezes that rush in
throueh the Golden Gate and over the low
peninsula are but surface disturbances
which San Francisco people suffer from
because they are so low.
Mr. Hammon's discovery is really
worthy of consideration and it is an
important scientific discovery. In one
sense the discovery is a big one, and in an
other sense it is a small one. It may be
the forerunner of extremely interesting
scientific discoveries, and it may be of
much practical importance in relation to
the forecasting of the summer weather
conditions of the greut interior basin of
the State, which is geographically com
posed of the Sacramento ana San Joaquin
valleys.
It may seem peculiar, but it is neverthe
less true that the Weather Bureau may be
soon measuring in cubic miles per minute
the cold sea a»r that blows into this grt-at
interior basin, giving it whatever blessed
degree of coolness the people therein may
receive. There is.no place in the world
where such a 'possible problem and its
practical solution are possible.
The cooling air which this vast interior
basin gratefully receives in midsummer
comes to it mainly through this Golden
Gate gap in the Coast Range of mountains
which hem in the valley from Tehachapi
to Mount Shasta. This gap supplies cold
sea air to the interior just about as the
narrow Golden Gate supplier tide water to
the great expanse of inland waters which
comprise San Francisco, San Pablo and
Suisun bays and the sloughs about them.
The tide rushes in and out and its volume
may be measured at the Golden Gate.
In a similar way the cold sea air rushes
in through this gap and the sea breezes
which pour in ever the San Francisco
peninsula, between Mount Tamalpais on
the north and the San Bruno hills on the
south, supply nearly all the cooling air
which the Sacramento and San Joaquin
valleys receive, and determine and create
the. day winds in those valleys. Little if
any sea air gets into these valleys over the
Coast Range north and south of San Fran
cisco. Through the Golden Gate the sea
air pours in, and it turns north in the Sac
ramento Valley, giving it southwest winds,
and it turns south into the San Joaquin
Valley, giving it its prevailing summer
northwest winds.
Neither the Weather Bureau nor any
body else knows anything about the
amount, times and characier of the sea
breezes that may or may not creep into
this great interior basin over and through
other passes in the Coast Range. This
presents a new and wholly unworked
problem. But it is known that the great
body of cool air which pours into the
interior valley basin goes through the
Golden Gate gap in which San Francisco
lies.
Now one may realize the importance and
interest of measuring the flow of air
through this gap. That is wliat Mr. Ham
mon is trying to do and wants to do, and
if he were able to do it daily he .would be
able to forcast much more accurately the
weather of the interior. The problem
offered is simple though interesting. Its
solution needs a little money. If the
weather forecaster could every day tell
how many cubic miles of cold air per
minute or hour were flowing inward he
could tell more about the next day's
weather.
For instance, the anemometer at tbe
surface gives the surface speed of the wind.
But the anemometer does not tell whether
the current is 1000 feet deep or 2500 feet.
The tidal inflow oi water can be accu
rately measured. A horizontal section of
the gap can be easily measured for any
altitude. Given the speed of the wind and
tne height of the current and the cubic-air
measurement may be made. If the cur
rent flowing in at thirty miles an hour is
1000 feet in depth the amount of cool air
being supplied to the interior will be a
certain percentage of that being supplied
if the current is 2500 feet iv depth.
Now, this is one of the things Mr. Ham
mon and Mr. McAdie have been trying to
get at with their Kites, and it is Mr. Ham
mon's long, somewhat discouraging but
persistent experiments which have re
resulted in his two measurements of the
height of th« sea breeze.
Both discoveries were the result of The
Call's interest and co-operation with Mr.
Hammon's experiments. Thanks to The
Call Mr. Hammon has recently been en
abled to send up flocks of tandem kites and
add some degrees of success to his experi
ments. On one occasion the kites went to
an altitude of 2500 feet and showed that
the current in which they sailed extended
upward to that height. On the last occa
sion, a few days ago, a singular thing hap
pened. The first, or rather the last kite,
rose to about 1800 feet and stopped. The
second kite, hitched to the string far be
low it, also ascended to the same height
and stopped. The third kite, 300 feet still
lower, itself was carried to the same
level, and there all three floated on a level
at the top of one current of air like chips
on a stream. Just above the kites was a
calm. In puiling the kites down into
the current the increased strain was
quickly perceptible as each kite was pulled
into the strong wind.
The fact that the sea breeze which con
stitutes San Francisco's summer wind nas
been twice measured is an important
meteorolosical discovery. What these
ambitious scientists want now is a self
registering instrument, registering hu
midity, temperature and air pressure to
send up with their kites and they want
a little more money to spend on kites with
■which to explore the upper air of San
Francisco and its environment.
Within two weeks Harvard Observatory
has secured such results with kites and
instruments from a height of 7000 feet.
There is no place in the world better
adapted to interesting aerial exploration
than San Francisco, and no patron of
science could secure such results from an
investment of from $100 to $500 as by de
voting it to the kite-flying of Meteorolo
gists Hammon and McAuie of the
Weather Bureau.
OLYMPIC CASH.
A Statement Regarding the Financial
Condition of the Big Ath
letic Club.
F. W. Eaton, president of the Olympic
Club, was highly indignant yesterday
when he read in a morning paper an arti
cle reflecting on the financial condition of
the club, of which be is the presiding
officer.
When interviewed on the matter Mr.
Eaton said substantially as follows:
"It is customary, I believe, that a cer
tain class of members who are known as
kickers invariably show their colors when
the annual election approaches, and they
take a delight seemingly in turning things
topsy-turvy. I cannot see what I have
done during my administration to de
serve unkind remarks. The position is,
indeed, a thankless one, and it seems to
me it matters not how much of my valu
able time 1 give to the club there is no ap
preciation coming from some of the mem
bers, who are eternally growling at every
thing the directors do in the interest and
welfare of the club.
"I informed my friends that I could not
afford to accept a lenomination, as I
really have too much to attend to outside
of club affairs. But now that I under
stand there are certain members who have
openly boasted that they will defeat me
in case I should change my mind, I have
determined to stand my ground and will
accept the nomination on the regular
ticket, provided, of course, that the club
tenders it, to me.
"I do. not propose to leave the club un
der a cloud, and you can say that there is
not a word of truth in the reports circu
lated concernintr the financial condition
of the club and the decrease in its mem
bership.
"When the club lost money on social
entertainments the directors wisely con
cluded to emulate the action of some of
the great New York amateur athletic
ciubs by giving professional boxing exhi
bitions. Just as soon as the announce
ment was made in the papers that the
Olympic Club proposed giving a series of
professional boxing contests the kickers j
immediately declared themselves against j
inaugurating any such scheme and openly
said that the Olympic Club was departing
from clean sport to satisfy a few dis
gruntled members who wanted slogging
entertainments.
"Now, then, you can see the position I
was placed in. Tbe club concocted the
boxing scheme with only one object in
view, and that object was to increase the
funds of the institution, which, 1 am
pleased to say, we succeeded in doing.
"We lost money on every amateur ath
letic venture; then why not give enter
tainments that please the members and
swell the fund- of thy, club?
'•The members we dismissed because of
non-payment of dues nave no reason to
somplain. They were notified repeatedly
and made no effort to settle np. The
falling off in the membership is easily ac
counted for. It must be remembered that
owing to the depression in Dusiness affairs
many of the young members were unable
bo pay their dues, as their salaries had
been trimmed, and the re^i?n.?tions, conse
quently, came principally from that ele
ment.
"Now, then, you will see that the follow
We are not in business
to sell tea at wholesale and
give money back at retail.
We are in business to sell
tea that you like.
So we have set up a
tea- firing establishment
here in San Francisco (the
only one in the United
States) to furnish you tea
fresh and uniform — as the
Japanese and Chinese and
Ceylonites, etc., drink it. ,
: We put no coloring in
our tea, so that it may. be
perfectly wholesome. We
pack it in tight packages,
so that it will keep fresh.
And that you may run
no risk in trying Schillings
Best and to make you in-
sist upon getting it from
your grocer, we say,
" Money back if you don't
like it." ; / -..;
Sold only in packages.
A Schilling & Company
■ San Francisco • 349 :
NEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS. ,
wemfdmM
Mr THREE WEEK& •
-fOft/IND PAVILION
■ r-':ix»i-S'i»iiaKx:^ '
4 pELECTRICjfOTIVE' POWER
Transmitted From foLsoM
iFfFAiLTivlf
EXCURSION RATES. '
MEW TO-SAT.
- .- - ... _ . i , -11l —
I 8100 d... ■\ ::y 'f
I Bubbles. I
j!s Those pimples or blotches | l .
i? that disfigure your skin, are '»% ;
1 1) blood bubbles. They • mark \ '
(f[ the unhealthy condition of the V
]i) blood-current that throws them '
«". up. You must get down to >'
]») the blood, before you can be < [
.. <l rid of ; them. , Local treatment ]► r
{ ) is : useless. If suppresses, but [
( > does not heal. The best rem- <!'■
<? edy for eruptions, scrofula, <V
JiS sores, and all blood diseases, is \ V
-j Ayer's • .".,,.. |;
I Sarsaparilla. I.
ing statement relative to the financial
condition ot the institution is somewhat
at variance with the report which ap
peared in a morning paper."
Mr. Eaton's report reads:
Surplus September 1, 1895 $107,706 75
Surplus July 1, 1896 105,246 01
Total f 2,460 74
Includes $655 bonds purchased.
Expended for improvements since Sep
tember 1, 1896 $1,988 20
Expenses of amateurentertainments out
side and in to date 3,99140
Monthly income September 1, 1895...'.'.". 4,216 50
Average monthly Income for ten months
Past 4,725 42
Average gain per month 508 9a
The number of active members on September 1,
1895, was 1611, and on August 1, 1&96. 1345; a
loss of 266. Of this number 225 were expelled for
non-payment of dues, aniountins to $4431, show*
injf that of the 266 members lost since September
1, 1895, there were 225 expelled for non-payment
of dues, amounting to an average of $20 each.
The outstanding dues amounted to $3693 on
September 1, 1895, against $28x3 at present date.
The number of new members taken in since
September 1, 1895, wu 239. The number re
signed since September 1, 1895, vras 339.
• — *■ — •
Less tobacco is consumed in Great
Britain, in proportion to the inhabitants,
than in any other civilized country. The
average is twenty-three ounces per annum
for each person.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. .
AL HAYMAN. & CQ.'S THEATERS.
v*, atthe ;V This Week Only.
1? A I WlA#f M MAT. SAT.
dALDWIN CHARLES
__■«___«„ FROHMAS'B
I' IKK THEATER COMPANY >
THE TTTT!
BRILLIANT BENEFIT
SUCCESSFUL O3B*
COMEDY THE
DRAMA ■. DOUBT
By A. W. Plnero, author of "Sweet Lavender," etc.
Calling for the Full strength of the Superb j
Organization. A Brilliant Production.
NEXT MONDAY— great event of the Empire
Company's Engagement.
.——THE MASQUEKAUERS.
-.at the .TAll This Week!
CAliforN A .*jasfcsff
l hi Audience Last Night
The ringing Irish Comedian . . '
CHAUNOBY OLOOTT
■In the Beautiful Irish Idyl .
3^A"VTOXJK,ISrE!EN !
Magnificent scenkry.
beautiful costumes.
an unparalleled cast.
Monday. August 10, —ill a IRISH ARTIST."
IniCDLAnDLR.C-OTTLODl niCDLAnDLR.C-OTTLOD «_ffj.tssCi ahd rwruwtß4- • •
"AH!" I THERE r
' I . . ONE
ONE
AND ONLY ONE .
FRAWLEY COMPANY
Their Performance of .
".A. GtOXjD ISaOTT^JESI"
Is Talked of by Thousands.
— ■ — Perfect' Acting !— Costuming !— scenes !——
Monday Next— Augustln Daly's ."The Great
Unknown" .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Una. v.i±s*jaTixn. iCßKi.ixu. Proprietor & Alau»z«£ -
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Uustav Hikhichs.
REPERTOIRE FIFTH WEEK. !
This Evening and Saturday Evening, «
Gounod's Immortal Opera,
v "FAUST"
TO-MORROW, Leoncavallo's Tragic Opera
Also In two acts, '
FRIDAY" "PAGLIACCI,"
SUNDAY . Preceded by •
EVENINGS, Orchestral Selections.
GREAT' CASTS. •
CORRECT COSTUMES. -
-; SUFERB SCENERY.
"The Hugnenots^&^The Bohemian Girl*
"The Hugnenots" &_^The Bohemian GirP
ho ';■■■- "rlr •*— 2sc and sOc.
- MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. 1
The Handsomest Family Theater la America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Leasee Had Maa»£»s
; THIS EVENING AT EIGHT. •
Second Week and Enormous Success of— —
— —JAMES M. BROFHY .
■ '■ '- "Our California Boy," ■ .'*'*-
In McKeo itankin's Great Drama,
'•TSUI DA.NITES I"
THE PLAY OF THE WEEK!
Evening Prices— 2so and 50c.
Family circle and Gallery, 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday^
O'Farrell street. Between Stockton and Powelt -
Matinee To-Day ' (Wednesday), Aug. 5;
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c. .
■ • Children, 10c, any part.
The Acrobatic Wonders from South . America.
THE FOUR NELSON SISTERS.
DRUMMONJD STALKY AND K. LLE
BIKBKCK.
BLACK PATTf.
TECHOW'S PERFORMING CATS ANDBIONDt
Last Week of Lydia Yeamans-Tltus.
COMING-KENNEDY,. THE KING LAUGH-
■■■;■■ ,- - -.." ■■. ;.,..-.- MAKER. . -. ■■
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
evi:ry afternoon and evening*
DARWIN was right!
. ; If You Don't Believe It See
, "JOE !"
: THE BOY SANDOW
. And A Host of Novelties.
ADMISSION— CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go- Hide, 5 cent*,
- Open Dally from 7 a. k. Until 11 p. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults 10c Children 5c -■
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS. ;I
HURRAH FOR THE
. TWENTY-FIFTH ANNUAL PICNIC
RETAIL GROCER?' PROTECTIVE UNION,
. SUNDAY,' AUGUST 9TH;:'"
; SCHTTKTZEN PARK. SAN RAFAEL...
: 'Gate and Game Prizes for AH.
Tickets," including ■: round trip— Adults, 60c.
children, 26c. • . . ■ ■ - '■ . ■• •' --,--:. *■■■ ■■■
Boats lt-ave Tiburon Ferry 9:30 and 11 a. m.,
1:30 and 3:30 p. k. Special train, returning 6:30
P. M. ;•■■"■"•>■■■ : ■-.■■'■■ .: '■ : . ■'■■'•- .'•■'■ "■•''■ ";
- , Music by Yon Der Meaden's Band.
78
AMERICAN LUMBER IMPERILED BY FREE TRADE.
The student of economic conditions will
find many object lessons that show how a
patriotic tariff helps American enterprise
and keeps op tbe waees of American work
insimen.
It is a long but interesting story to fol
low the progress of the lumber industry
under protective tariff, and to see how the
business has waned under the blighting
touch of free trade.
In two previous articles on the lumber
trade much has been presented to show
that American milhnpn cannot compete
with Canadian pauper labor without re
ducing the pay of their own workmen.
It can be shown without effort that the
Canadian millmen have all the advan
tages of the ape— modern machinery, cheap
freights and short methods, but they also
have stumpape free and Chinese workmen
at starvation prices.
In answer to the skyrocket theories of
William Jennings Bryan, who advocates
free trade as a panacea for industrial ills,
The Call has already submitted ruany
funs from practical lumbermen, facts so
invincible as to put to flight all tbe
theories that mouthers can spin, but more
testimony from experts will render clearer
the justice of the Republican doctrine of a
tariff to foster home industries.
John R. Watts of the Scappoose Lum
ber Company, in Oregon, recently sent
-the following to the Tariff Commission in
reply to inquiries whether the lumber in
dustry would thrive under free trade
better than under protection. His testi
mony, like that of all practical lumber
men, is against the free-trade ideas of
Democracy. He said:
"I have run but one week in the last
ten months because of no demand for
lumber.
"To place domestic productions on an
equal footing with the foreign product the
rates of duty should be $3 per 1000, specific
duty. My reasons are these: The timber
on the front has all been cut away, so that
it requires expensive machinery to get it
from the mountains, which is not the case
in British Columbia; also we employ
white men la the timber here and they
cost more than tne Indians and half-breeds
of British Columbia.
"In regard tajceducins the rates of duty
ADDRESS BY AN
INDIAN CHIEF
Enlivened the Session of
the Indian Teachers'
Convention.
HE SEEKS KNOWLEDGE.
Dr. Hailman Will Address the
School Teachers of San
Francisco.-
TO SEE THE CITY'S SIGHTS.
Invitation Accepted to Visit Angel
Island Saturday on the Gov-
ernment Steamer.
A real Indian chief made a speech at
last evening's session of the United States
Indian Educational Association conven
tion in tue Girls' High School. The In
dian chief, though civilized, is still a
novelty as an orator in a convention of
educators.
He was Captain David Numana, tribal
chief of the Piutes of the PyramiQ Lake
reservation, Nevada. Chief Numana,
though 60 years of age, is active and vig
orous. He is nearly six feet tali and well
proportioned.
The chief stood before the footlights in
the red-bordered and brass-bnttoned uni
form of the Chief of Police of the reserva
tion. Chief Numana combines farming
with his poiice duties, and he is deeply in
terested in the advancement of the Indians
and particularly his own tribe. He is
eloquent in his oratory in the lanpuage of
his people, but he has no education in
English. He said in English.
- "You all my friends, my brothers and
sisters. \\ t^talß two languages, but that's
all. Every teacder in United States come
to San Francisco. Glad see you. I'm
Injun; I'm chief Piutes. Yes, me
chief. 1 don't know how many tribes;
can't count 'em. About 600 on reserva
tion. I no t-abe English in talking. I
hear English pretty good. Live in reser
vation sixteen years ago. I am captain.
"We want child to be something like white
man— like where white man come from.
I like to see tribe like white man and so I
talk to them. You see here only one
•Injun," he said, with an expression as
though he regretted that more Indians
were not present. "1 like to see you fel
lows my friend. Everybody shake my
hand. I don't get lost here. I want my
child learn. I love my child. I think
that's all I got to say."
At the morning session Dr. W. N. Hail
man of Washington, D. C, Superintend
ent of 'lndian Schools, spoke on the recent
changes of civil service rules in relation to
Indian school work, on the necessity of
loyalty and unity of employes in the
service and of the methods most beneficial j
to Indian-.
Dr. Newberne delivered an interesting
address on the industries of the Indians of
the State of Washington, where they are
mostly self-supporting. H« said the
wasted marine products of the State
•would feed all the Indians in the United
States.
iliss Alice Eveland of the Round Valley
Indian School read a ps}er which showed j
a dee\. interest in the Indian.
'The Moquis" was the subject of Ralph
I. Collins, superintendent oi the Keams I
Canyon School, Arizona. He described
some of their customs and said they were !
pelf-supporting.
At the afternoon session an invitation
from Captain J. J. O'Connell, U. S. A., to
visit Angel island on the steamer General
McDowell next Saturday was accepted.
To-day at noon the teachers will have a
group photograph talten on the steps of
tne City Hali.
"The" Importance of Teaching Economy j
to Indians" was the subject of an interest
ins paper read at the afternoon session Dy
Principal Margaret A. Peter of tbe Round
Valley School/Cal.
"Advanced Language Work with In
dians" was the subject of a paper read by
Principal E. C Nardin of Chemawa In
dian Sfhool, Salem, Or. It was a studious
and absiruse paper, of chief interest to
nujiiytical teachers. He said language
rvouid never cease to be a subject of study j
' v i t v the Indian.
Oeorge W. Goshorn, principal of the 1
Carson (Not.) School, delivered a dis
course also on "Advanced Language Work
YsV.h Indian?."
Charles E. Burton, superintendent of
Senoba day school, mission agency, Cali
fornia, s}>oke 011 "The Reservation and
Final Facts and Expert Testimony Showing
How Bryanism Subdues Business*
one-third a cut of 20 per cent in wages of
employes would be necessary."
How does such testimony agree with the
theories of Bryan, who frequently said in
Consress that the reduction of the lumber
business to a free-trade basis would result
in general prosperity.
Here is another testimonial in line with
the previous evidence. It also shows the
fallacy of Bryanism as applied to the busi
ness of the country. It is the evidence of
Charles Hanson of San Francisco, presi
dent of the Tacoma Mill Company, sub
mitted to the Tariff Commission. He
said :
"The men who own large timber tracts
in Canada are the men who secured tbe
removal of the s2 ptr 1000 duty on lumber.
I have met many of them and they have
told me off and on during the past four
years that it was only a matter of time
when they would get this duty removed.
The advantage of the foreign lumber-ship
per on this coast over the American is
great, now that the tariff has been re
moved, for three reasons, the principal one
of which is the ability of the foreigner to
ship lumber in foreign bottoms to Ameri
can ports, t'jus saving from $1 to $3 per
1000, according to the distance."
Mr. Hanson explained that the other
reasons were the cheapness of stumpage
in British Columbia and the less impor
tant factor, the cheapness of labor, the
Cninanien being employed by the millmen
on the other side. Increased skill, and
perhaps a tritie better facilities, however,
Mr. Hanson reckoned, woula make up
the difference paid to the millhands in
this country. As to stumpage, he said :
"It costs 50 cents per 1000 in British
Columbia, and then you can take your
pick, both as to the best trees and the
advantages of taking lumber located near
a stream, while in this country 6tumpage
costs from 50 cents to $1 per 1000, and you
have the disadvantage of having to take
an entire section or entire subdivision
thereof. Consequently, the logs have to
Day Schools as Factors in Indian Civili
zation." He showed the necessity of the
day-school.
"The Kindergarten" was the subject
treated by Miss Bell Dean of mission
agency, California. She said she found
■ that the Indian boj-3 and ftirls love nature
I more than the white child, and that the
teacher could profit by it in instruction.
Miss Washburn of California Normal
School expressed the interest and sym
pathy of the Normal School in the Indian
school work.
Dr. A. H. Heineman, United Slates in
spector of Indian schools, in discussing
the kindergarten subject, said it was a
I good idea to take children out into tue air
| and teach them things from nature.
Others who discussed papers were Calvin
Asbnrv, superintendent of the Fort Sim
coe (Washington) agency, Dr.Wainwrijrht,
physician at Mission and Tule River
Agency. California, and Dr. Hailman.
At the evening session, Edward Ament,
superintendent of the Greenville School,
California, made an interesting speech on
"Self Help Among Indians."
Francis Estedillo of the Mission and
Tule River Agency, California, also read a
paper showing tbe results of teaching.
Miss Burgess read a paper on the Carlisle
Indian School at Carlisle, Pa., which
was prepared by Assistant fcuDerintendent
A. J. Standing of Carlisle. " Others .who
made speeches were Superintendent Hail
man and Secretary E. A. Allen. To-mor
row afternoon at 1:30 o'clock Superin
tendent Hailman will address the school
teachers of San Francisco and the conven
tion in the Girls' High School. There will
be no mcetine to-night, as the teachers
will go sight-seeing.
CRESWELL'S REPORT.
The City and County Attorney Renders
an Accounting- of Hi* Office for
a Tear.
City and County Attorney Creswell ren
dered his annual report yesterday as fol
lows:
There were 313 suits in charge of this office
on July 1, 1895. In addition to these, during
the year 1895-96 41were commenced against
the City and County or its officers, in which
the City and County was interested, and 3 by
the City and County. There fire now pending
in the office 270 cases, exclusive of the 18 on
appeal.
Eight cases were decided by the Supreme
Court oi the State In which this office repre
sented the City and County. Six were decided
in favor of and 2 against the City.
Judgments were had in 49 cases— 4l in favor
and 8 against the City and County.
Thirteen appeals were taken from these
judgments— 3 by the City and County and 10
by unsuccessful plaintiffs.
Forty-six demurrers were filed. Thirty-six
of them were arguen and disposed of.
Twenty-six briefs were written.
Twenty written opinions were given the
Board of Supervisors and other officials.
Harry T. Creswell,
City and County Attorney.
SEWER GAS EXPLODES,
Daniel Reilly, a Laborer, Burned
About the Head and
Arms.
He Entered the Channe'-Street Sewer
With a Naked Light, With
Disastrous Results.
Danitl Reilly, a laborer in the em
ploy of the Street Department, will be
very careful in lutnre not to carry a light
when he enters a sewer.
He was engaged with other men in the
work of repairing Channel-street sewer,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
streets, and about 11 o'clock yesterday
morning he descended Into the sewer
through a manhole.
He had a lighted lamp in his hand, and
unfortunately for nim he left the naked
flame exposed. He had no sooner entered
the sewer when there was a loud explo
sion, followed by a blinding flasn. Reilly
had the presence of mind to throw him
self face downward in the soft mud in the
bottom of the sewer, thereby saving him
self from being probably burned to death.
The sewer gas had exploded, and the
other men, hearing the noise ot the ex
plosion and seeing a volume of smoke is*
suing from the manhole, ran toward the
spot, and expected to find Kelly's body in
a crisp.
As soon as the smoke cleared they en
tered the sewer and picked Reilly out of
the mud and carried him into the open
air. Then some one tang for the patrol
wagon from the Seven teeth-street station
and Reilly was taken to the City and
County Hospital. It was found that his
head and arms were badly burned. All
the hair on his face was burnt off and tne
hair of his head was singed.
The flame had also injured his eyes, but
the doctors did not think he would lose his
eyesight.
'Everything was done to alleviate his
pain and yesterday afternoon he was taken
to his home at 1558 Fifteenth street.
Charged With Robbery.
Tom McDouough, a teamster, surrendered
himself at the Ci ty Prison yesterday, as he had
been told there wns a warrant for his arrest on
the charge of robbery. He was booked and re
leased on $500 bonds. The complaining wit
nessis Christopher Segerson, who alleges that
McDonough took 60 cents from him while
they were playing cards In a saloon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
I be hauled a long distance in some in
stances."
He said nothing about the charge fre
! quer.tly made by American lumbermen,
! that the Britishers, in addition to getting
! their atunipaze cheap, misrepresent on
the cut reported to the Government. For
instance, it is reported that if there bad
i been 100.000 feet taken from 36,000 to 75,000
' is reported to the Government.
Just how it is that foreign ships can
handle lumber lor from $1 to $3 cneaper
than ships owned in the United States Mr.
Hanson fully explained. It should be re
membered that under Bryan's free trade
policy lumber would be imported in for
j eign bottoms. The explanation shows
how free trade aims another blow at
j American labor. It runs as follows:
"Sailors aboard foreign ships are not as
well fed or as well paid as our sailors. We
pay our captains from $140 to $150 per
month, while th« captains aboard Nor
wegian ships receive from $45 to $60 per
month. Their sailors receive about half
! as much as ours. Our men get $30 per
month, and as a rule receive a pound or
two of beefsteak a day, and are allowed
butter with their soft bread. The for
eigners never see butter, and are given no
meat. They get hard bread, split peas,
| and that is about all. Their ships are
j fitted out frequently for three years, and
I they leave little money here. Their ex
| penses being so much less they can han
j die lumber cheaper.
"They can take lumber from British Co-
I lumbia to New York or Philadelphia,
while we can charter only American ves
sels to carry lumber to ports in our own
j country. While free ships would hurt our
I ship-bui?ders, like the Cramp?, still we
I ought to have free ships or some arrange
| ment that would bring about the same re
i suit. We have few ships now, and the
! number is growing less. Norway can make
ships of the carrying kind cheaper than
we can. At any rate they make them ana
we do not. On a long voyage from Puget
ALL NATIONS IN
CARNIVAL GUISE,
Brilliant Event to Take
Place in the Near ■
Future.
GREAT PREPARATIONS.
Striking Scenes From History
to Be Reproduced in
Tableaux.
IN AID OF A NOBLE CAUSE.
Forthcoming Festival of the Women's
Educational and Industrial
Union.
The Carnival of Nations, to be given at
Native Sons' Hall during the week com
mencing September 21 for the benefit of
the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, promises to be a brilliant affair.
The union ia unique among the organiza
tions of ladies now in existence in this
City, and in tkfe ten years or so of its exist
ence has become exceedingly popular.
The union aims at the social, educa
tional and industrial advancement of
womankind, without reference to class,
creed or birthplace, all its members meet
ing on a plane of cordial equality for the
purpose of affording each other mutual
aid, advice and sympathy. In the union's
headquarters on Van Ness avenue, near
Market street, are a score of pleasant
rooms open during the day and evening
to all women. The library and reading
rooms are always full of readers and stu
dents, and are well stocked with standard
and current literature.
Means are also at hand whereby women
whose education has been neglected may
obtain private instruction from experi
enced certified teaciiers. In addition to
t ese educational facilities there are large
classes in cookery, dressmaking, millin
ery, hairdretsing, stenography, cali
graphy, eymnastics, the Latin, French,
Spanish and German languages, vocal and
instrumental music, drawing and painting.
The cooking classes are of peculiar inter
est, as the instruction is of a strictly prac
tical character, each lesson being accom
panied by a demonstration which reduces
dry recipes -to luscious, toothsome facts.
A noble feature of the union's work is
its advocacy of women in need. The em
ployment committee undertakes to pro
vide situations for poor women free of all
charge, while the protective committee,
seconded by a number of the ablest attor
neys, has charge of cases in which poor
women have been defrauded of their wages
or may be obliged on any other account 10
apply to the courts for redress. The legal
gentlemen who work with this committee
charge no fees for their valuable services.
Under the able presidency of Mme.
Louise Sorbier the union has greatly en
larged its already wide sphere of usefulness
and beneficence. Other and yet more com
prehensive projects of good work to come
are in contemplation, but the ordinary in
come of the union is not sufficiently large
to provide the means for bringing these
plans to a happy realization. Hence, after
much consultation it was decided that a
festival should be given, witL the proceeds
of which the desired additional depart
ments of work might be given an impetus
toward accomplishment.
The carnival will be historical in charac
ter, the various booths giving tableaux of
important scenes and events in the histo
ries of the nations which they will repre
sent There are to be three or more tab
leaux each evening, with a grand march
of nations, in which over 300 persons will
take part. Great preparations are being
male for the success of the affair, and it is
understood that many of the costumes are
to be magnificent in the extreme.
The booths, which are to be most or
nately decorated in historically correct
styie will be in charge of the following
named ladies: "America," under charge
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, Mrs. C. F. Capp, manager; "Eng
land, 5 ' Mrs. K. Willetta; "Denmark," Mrs.
L. Jf. Stevenot; "France," Mme. Dr. Jules
A. Simon; "Germany," Mrs. M. J. Whee
land; "Gypsy Booth." Mrs. Eva Bates;
"Greece." Mrs. Francis Egerton;
"Ireland." Mrs. Senator Mahoney:
"Italy," Mme. Stefani and Miss Rottanzi;
"Japan," Mrs. F. A. Cornell; "Mexico,"
Mrs. Dr. Luis P. Oviedo; "Music," jlme.
Ellen Coursen-Roeclcel; "The Orient,"
Mrs. laidor Burns; "Poets' Corner." Mrs.
Nellie B. Eyster; "Russia," Mrs. K!la H.
Sexton; "Scotland," Mrs. A. Wilkie;
"Spain," Mrs. Paris Kilburn; "Switzer- j
| Sound to Philadelphia, for instance, the
1 foreigners can curry lumber $3 cheaper
j than we can. I shipped 1.000,000 feet of
I lumber to tbe Cramps a few years ago and
now, with the tariff off, these foreign bot
toms can underbid me."
Mr. Hanson'has been in the lumber busi
ness for thirty-five years. During that time
he says he passed through seven different
periods of financial depressions, but none
hung on so long as the present. He has
visited the lumber producing centers of
the world, regarding which he says:
"Norway and Finland produce the most
lumber. There is one mill in the former
country, which, however, can work oniy
during the open season, as the ice closes
its port, which turns out just about as
I many feet of lumber as all the mills on
Puget Sound. Its output is 1,000,000 feet
per day. Sometimes there ar« forty to
fifty vessels loading at once at that port. I
shall never forget one Sunday's ride up
the Baltic Sea, sixteen years ago. It was
a long day in July, and we passed over
500 vessels going to sea loaded with lum
ber, each having from 300.000 to 600,000
feet aboard, or, say, 200,000,000 feet In all.
They were bound for all parts of the
world."
These are some of the conditions that
make tbe McKinley tariff law the lumber
man's boon. "The free trade regime of
the Democrats is responsible for dull
times," continued Mr. Hanson. "In this
country," he said, "the factories are
largely closed as a result of tariff uncer
tainties. There isn't a factory in the
country that pays 3 per cent on the invest
ment. We used to ship a large amount of
lumber to Pullman for cars; now we ship
none. The Southern Pacific used to use
many million feet each year; now it takes
scarcely any. The railroads of the country
have more cars than they can use, and
when a car is smashed on the Southern
Pacific it is not repaired nowadays. Peo
ple who put money into factories do not
know what moment the tariff will embar
rass them, so they keep their money out
as far as possible.""
The practical man, studying the welfare
i of his country, will give heed to the words
of progressive men of affairs rather than
to dreamers like Bryan and theorists^like
the father of the Wilson tariff bill, one of
the most destructive free-trade measures
ever perpetrated on the country.
land," Mrs. Charles Hildebncht, each
booth having about twenty occupants in
costume.
Mrs. Mary i»ray is to be the adviser and
manager of the grand historical tableaux,
dances and marches, which are even now
being rehearsed under her able supervis
ion. Leon Audradon will act as assistant
tableau manager and the general admin
istration and management of the carnival
will be in the hands of Madame Sorbier,
the honored lady president of the union.
From present indications it looks as
though the carnival wcu'd be a brilliant
social event, as well as a great help to a
noble cause.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
Preparations in Progress for a Grand
.Exposition of California
Products.
The directors of the Mechanics' Insti
tute held a protracted meeting last even
ing. The details for the exposition to
open September 1 occupied most of the
board's attention, and from reports re
ceived the directors feel justified in expect
ing the affair to be a grand success.
Hon. Joseph Legeett of the literary
committee recommended the purchase of
book? to the amount of $84 70 and also the
granting of a request from Rev. M. P.
Boynton of the bailors' Homo for a dona
tion of 100 old books. Both recommenda
tions were approved by the board.
A report of the committee on classes
favoring the discontinuance of the classes
in mathematics and drawing evoked con
siderable discussion and the matter was
referred back to the committee. Professor
E. E. Farmer of Stanford wa\ engaged to
conduct a class in electricity.
In response to an invitation to local art
ists to present designs in competition for
exhibitors' diplomas, fifteen drawings were
submitted. The directors voted for the
designs by numerical designation. The
design, which proved to be that of Pel
ham W. Nan!, received a majority of
votes for the first prize of $50 and G.
Dietz was granted the second premium of
$20.
Henry Rascher, who has charge of the
art exhibit, reported that h« had received
a large number of pictures. It was de
cided to have the art gallery lighted with
electricity this year to prevent the exces
sive heat which gas has heretofore caused.
The pictuies will be judged by a commit
tee of artists to be hereafter chosen by
the artists themselves.
It was reported that James D. Phelan
had been secured to make tne opening ad
dress. The opening exercises will be held
in the Columbia Theater on the afternoon
of September 1.
A committee, consisting of R. P. Doo
lan and J. M. Cummins of the institute
and S. A. Tacy of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, was appointed to
arrange for special entertainments during
the exposition.
Lawrence Dunn was elected engineer
and John Garrett fireman. Superinten
dent J. H. Gilmore reported that the pros
pects were very encouraging for a grand
opening. The offer of $500 cash prizes had
resulted in exhibitions comiug forth very
readily.
A committee on pavilion to replace a
committee dissolved earlier in the evening
was appointed as follows: Ayrss, Doolan
and Holmes.
The director^ will hold a special meeting
Thursday evening to further discuss mat
ters appertaining to the exposition.
The Alta Club.
The Alta Club was organized one month
ago and has been adding to its ranks at
every meeting and now has a membership
of 100. . It has on its roll some of the rep
resentative Republicans from every dis
trict in the City.
Dr. F. H. Titus is president, and George
T. Phelps secretary and treasurer. The
executive committee is composed of A. R.
Smith, John Gillson, W. H. Reynolds, Z.
T. Whitten, T. C. Duff, E. W. Eustice, F.
H. Titus and Ueoree T. Pnelps.
At its kst meeting the following resolu
tions were unanimously adopted and the
secretary instructed to furnish a copy to
the press:
Resolved, By the Alta Club, that it favors the
promotion of home industries in preference to
nil others; that v does not believe in either
cheap men nor cheap products so long as the
men favored are Americans and the products
are such as we can produce in our own coun
try.
We believe in the principle of protection to
American labor, and to put this into effect we
believe It is necessary, not only to provide for
the exclusion of ignorant and vicious foreign
ers, but of their products, under proper re
strictions, so that whatever can be done or
produced at home m»y be reserved for our
own people. We believe we should protect
our own homes. On the money question we
believe in sound money. The Nation must be
honest, else it cannot expect individual citi
zens to be honest.
We do not believe in class legislation. We
believe that the necessity of the times Is to
provide industries and employment for the
people and restore confidence fh the stability
of our institutions. >-*c do not believe that
tins can be accomplished by a legislative fiat
attempting to double the valueof the products
of any class. We indorse the National Repub
lican platform recently adopted at St. Louis.
We have no sympathy for either repudiation
of National or individual honor, or any an
archism. Persons disposed to principles of
anarchism should go abroad. To these ends
we favor the election of McKinley and Hobart
as President and Vice-President of these United
States at the coming election.
Battery Upon so Boy.
Maurice Stsnnehr, a boy, swore to a com
plaint yesterday charging "John Doe" Dubois,
a plumber living at 3508 Sixteenth street,
with battery. The boy's parents occupied a
portion of Dubois' house, but removed to
Eleventh street a few days ago. A portion of
their effects were stored in Dubois' barn and
the boy was sent to pack them up. Dnbois
objected and, it is alleged, grabbed the Doy by
his arm, which had been broken recently,
cuffed him and locked him up in a room. The
boy's sister heard his cries and told tbe neigh
bors, who compelled Dubois to release him.
WANTED FOR BIGAMY.
Samuel B. Black, an Actor,,l>e«erts a
Young Woman He Married in
Los Angeles.
There is a warrant out for the arrest of
Samuel B. Black, an actor, on charges of
failure to provide and bigamy, the com
plaining witness being Mrs. Mary B.
Waldo of 214 Fourth street.
Mrs. Black, who lives with Mrs. Waldo,
said she met her husband in Los Angeles
last aummer, and they were married last
November. They came to this City about
five weeks ago, and Black tried to get an
engagement at Morosco'a Theater, but
failed. Then he took to drink, remaining
away all night at times, which Jed to the
discovery that he had another wife living
in this City, who calls herself Mr 3. Keene.
She was married to Black eight years ago,
and he deserted her a few months later,
but he subsequently returned to her.
The last seen of Biack was on Monday
of last week, when he accompanied his
wifeup town. She went into the Grand
Hotel drugstore to send a telephone mes
sage and when she returned he had gone.
It was afterward learned that he was seen
crossing the bay on Wednesday and it is
believed he has gone with Mrs. Keene, as
she alsq cannot be found.
Mrs. Black is left with an infan t a few
days' old to care for. She feels keenly the
disgrace of her husband's desertion, as he
managed to fritter away all her property
and has left her penniless.
"WHATSOEVER CIRCLE."
King's Daughters of the Chinese Pres
byterian Church Hold an En
joyable Reunion,
The "Whatsoever Circle" of the King's
Daughters of the Chinese Presbyterian
church on Stockton ctreet held its hrst
meeting after the summer vacation yes
terday afternoon. The meeting was in
the nature of a social, during which sev
eral addresses were made.
One hundred and twenty-five Chinese
wemen and children were present. The
meeting was presided over by Mrs. Ida M.
Condit. The hymn, "The King's Daugh
ters" was sunc. This was followed by a
Bible reading by the Rev. Mr. Nam Art.
Mrs. Vrneruan, a missionary of the
church lately returned from China and a
great favorite among the Chinese, talked
on the duties of the King's Daughters.
Mrs. Gee Wee led in prayer and the lit
tle Chinese children of Miss Carnthers'
school sang a hymn in Chinese. Among
the lady helpers present who took an
active part in the exercises were Mrs. M.
R. Brown, Miss Margaret Cuibertson and
Miss Wisnef.
In the Whatsoever Circle there are now
about twenty Chinese members, all
pledged to do whatever the Lord rinds for
them. The work in this circle extend* in
all directions for the alleviation of suffer
ing imposed upon Chinese women.
PROGRESS IN RICHMOND
Steady Condition of Improve
ments With New Build
ings Being Added.
Ashworth Charged With Discriminat
ing in Favor of Railroad
Monopoly. ,
For a small place, Richmond, situate as
it is on the official map as that section of
this great metropolis west of First avenue
and on both sides of Point Lobos avenue,
fcas made its influence felt in tiiis City.
It was the president of the Richmond
Improvement Club, George R. Fletcher,
who organized the federation of improve
ment clubs that has done so much to ben
efit outside districts. It was he who made
the members of the railroad combine in
the yellow building at Market and Mont
gomery streets quake in their patent
leather shoes when he started the 2}^-cent
car-fare crusade in this City, and it is he
who has started the fight against granting
a iranchise to the Geary-street Cable Com
pany seven years before it should be asked
for, and it is he who filed his bond with
the County Clerk yesterday to enjoin the
"Solid Seven" from granting that fran
chise.
Hence it is that Richmond District is as
well known from a local point of view as
is Fort Sumter from a National stand
point. Nevertheless Richmond sroes on
improving its streets and building new
houses just the same as though Sutro's
octopus had never been in existence.
Contractor McDonald has finished an
eight-inch sewer on Ninth avenue from
Point Lobos to Clement, and Contractor
McHugh will finish a similar job on Sev
enth avenue from A to C streets on Sixth
avenue by tbe end of this week.
Seventh avenue from Point Lobos to the
parK has been graded, macadamized and
curbed by the property-owners with gray
rock at a cost ot 9 cents per foot for the
roct, while the favored "octopus" lias
put red rock between tne car-tracks at a
cost of 1% cents a foot, and this, so it is
stated by tne residents in that section, Jias
been accepted by Thomas Ashwortta, the
Superintendent of Streets. Why the dis
crimination in favor of the railroad com
pany the property-owners would like to
tind out.
Comfortable and, to-wit, handsome cot
tages are being erected all over the settle
ment. Among those who have recentJy
added to the wealth of the City by erect
ing homes are: Captain John McFarland,
who has built a $3000 residence on Tenth
avenue, between Clement and California
streets; X. Bentz, who has built c nine
room house on Twelfth avenue, between
tue same streets; John F. Underwood,
who has built on Tenth avenue, between
the same streets; M. Soares, who has
erected a two-story dwelling on Fifth
avenue, between Point Lobos avenue and
Clement street; William Tlomaine, who
has added a $5000 residence on a tifty-foot
fronton Twelfth avenue, between Clement
and California streets.
The steadily improved condition of the
property in this section has been the
means of increasing the value of propsrty,
as can be seen by a sale made a few days
ago by T. G. Parker, a real estate agent,
who sold far $14,900 three houses and lots
which changed bands less than one year
ago for $10,000.
On Fourth avenue, between California
and Lake streets, R. Lagomorsino is build
ing a neat live- room cottage, with other
buildings in prospect.
A sad accident occurred to the five-year
old child of G. H. Crosswaith on Eleventh
avenue a few days ago, whereby a pretty
little girl named Winnie fell from a table
in the kitchen through a window to tbe
yard, breaking he right le: boAe in three
places. Following this, but not having so
serious a resalr, George H. Wasner, a
butcher on Point Lobos avenue, had his
butcher-wagon smashed to kindling wood,
and a supply of roasts, steaks, chops and
shoulders of meat strewn along the ave
nue out to ths Cliff House by his runaway
horse.
Neglected Hi* Wife.
Martha Charbonnet. 121 Second street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Joach;msen's court
yesterday charging Frank Terrier, her brother
in-law, with failure to provide for his child.
She said that Terrier had lost his-job in Lucke's
shoestore through drink and since then he
had neglected his wife and child. He was
going to eloj)tj with another woman, and she
wanted him arrested.
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', ID Grant avenue.
WILL TEST THE
FRANCHISE ACT,
Its Constitutionality Is to
Be Brought Into
Question.
SAID TO DISCRIMINATE.
The Flaw Alleged to Lie in the
Provision Pertaining to
the Advertising.
MAY TIE THE BOARD'S HAND.
How the Present Injunction Proceed
ings Are Viewed by the Attor
neys of the Rai road.
In connection with the Geary-street
railway franchise a new and interesting
question has arisen, and one which has
received attention both from the railway's
attOTßeys and from those who are oppos
ing the granting of the franchise.
It involves the constitutionality of the
act under which Boards of Supervisors
and other governing bodies of municipal
ities are authorized to sell franchises at
auction.
One of the provisions of this act ia that
the notice calling for bids must be adver
tised for ten consecutive days in a daily
newspaper within the county, city, town
or district within which the franchise is to
be opeiative.
There are quite a number of counties in
the State in which there is no daily news
paper published, and such counties are
therefore practically prohibited from
granting franchises. This is said to be
discrimination, and the only question
that remains to be definitely determined
is whether it is an unconstitutional dis
crimination.
Just at this time the question is causing
considerable worriment to the railroad
people. Should the statute in question be
declared unconstitutional it would be im
possiblo for the Geary-street Railway Com
pany to secure a valid franchise from the
present Board ot Supervisors, as they are
debarred by law from granting any such
privilege after ninety days next preceding
an election. The period of prohibition be
gins to-day.
The question of the constitutionality of
this statute has already arisen in one of
the interior counties, but has not yet
been submitted to a court. It is expected,
however, that it will be tested in the next
few weeks.
So far as the injunction, writ of review
and writ of prohibition proceedings now
pending against the Supervisors are con
cerned they are looked upon by the rail
road people as simply pro forma. It is
claimed by them that such proceedings
are of no effect against a legislative body
to stay a legislative act which they allege
the granting of a franchise is. They are
confident that when the matter comes up
for hearing before Judge Daingerfield he
will dissolve the injunction and all other
proceedings under the other two writs.
Should this be done it is probable that
the question of the constitutionality of the
statute will be brought forward by
Attorney Leon Samuels, providing, of
course, the board grants the franchise to
the Geary-street roati, and the matter will
be tested in the courts.
Rugs in School-Houso Windows.
The windows on the west side of the Sherman
Primary School, on Union street, between
Franklin and Gough, are in sad need of a visit
from the glazier, as several panes of glass are
broken, and rs a substitute discolored racs
have been thrust through the broken surface
to keep the cold air out, as also the light. The
damage to those windows is not of recent date,
however, as the substitute ior glass has pro
truded there for quite a long time.
Fire Alarms for a Year.
The annual report of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph was sent to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday showing that during
the year past the alarms were as follows:
Firsts 498. seconds 19, tlilrds 2, still alarms
291; total 810. Eight new boxes were added
to the service during the year.
Cut Off His Sons.
The will of Michael G. Conway was yesterday
filed for probate. Conway leaves most of his
property to his son Michael J. Conway, and
cuts off other sons with $100 each, because of
their alleged propensity to drinK to excess.
mew to-»at: --■--'• ■
L Cheapest, ' Because the Best h
I GAiLBORDEN I
I EAGLE BRAND I
£ CONDENSED MILK , '5 .
■ a Send for that little book, "Infant A
m Health;" great value to mothers. Seat W
A free. .-,■.■- :>■■■■.■■;.-■■■■•■-.> ■, -.-..:■ -X
¥:■: c " N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. v
h fl Hndson Street, - Hew. York C' ;
Doctor Cook.
• This noted specialist cares chronic
diseases' "of every character, arid meets
with unequaled -success ,in the treatment '
of Nervous Debility, Lost or failing Man- j
hood, ",:[ Exhausting Drains, " Weakening |
Dreams, Varicocele, Hydrocele, ; Gonor-
rhea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis ana kin-
dred ailments.
Positive cures guaranteed and incurable
cases not undertaken.
Write if you cannot call, as the doctor's
; system of mail treatment is absolutely
perfect and always satisfactory. Hours:
9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 a. m. only. Tfi
DOCTOR fiflflK 866 MARKET; ST., ;
UUO lUH UUUI\, San Francisco, Cal.
■ ■■';■• ■-■"•■■:•?:.■■ v .; ■■-"•-, :.' .■■■•■..•* ■■■-■ ■-:■■:-■, '
i NEW TO-DAY.
j ' ~~~
Vino-Kolafra
Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic, and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up Invalids
The strengthening- and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
.such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
:of : the New York Postoffice,
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and
,■;,. thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
' 92 William St., New York.
PRICES
LOWER
THAN EVER.
JOEPOHEIJI, THE TAILOR,
MAKES THE BEST-FITTING CLOTHES IN
the State at 25 per cent 1633 than any other
tailor. ,
Pants to Order. . Suits to Order.
$3.50. jt $1000.
$4.50. ■ M 3.50.
$5.00. i W $15- 00.
$6.00. IB $17-50.
p0. ;.-■■/ |i $20 00.
$8.00. JU)\ $25.00.
AND XJF-W-A.R,IDS.
20l and 203 Montgomery st., cor. Bush.
724, 844 and 846 Market st. • .
1110 and 1112 Market, San Francisco.
485 Fourteenth. St., Oakland, Cal.,
603 and 605 Iv st., Sacramento, Cal.
143 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
JOE POH£IM~THE TAILOR.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington.... \. ;......?1000.
Southfleld.... 950 ....
Genuine Coos 8ay........'... 6 50— Half ton. '360
{Seattle. 00— Halfton. 400
Bryant 7 00— Hair too. 40J
Telephone— Black— 3sw . - ,
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO., .
623 Howard Street, Near First.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS, COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAW
-U Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi- |
ness practice, shorthand (Hitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, .English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
1 rapidly taught. Department ox Klcctrical En- ;
gineering in operation. - Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Nigh: sessions., Students can commence
at any time. . Thousands of graduates In positions.
rite for catalogue. , .... :•" .
THE LYCEUn.
PREPAKATOBY. SCHOOL FOR THE TJNI-
-i vers.ity. Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
.on recommendation. Many students have beea
successfully prepared 'at his school. Dnv < and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, No*.
833-335. PROF. 1.. li. URAL", Principal, late or
Stan lord University. ■ -
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS.
901 A VAN NESS A -TWENTY-THIRD
A\Ji-rt year opens August 12. Certificate ad-
mits to . Vaisar, . Smith and Wellesley Colleges.
House pupils limited to fourteen. Kindergarten
connected with the school.
j ST. MATTHEW'S _SCIIOOL FOR BOYS.
i rmVO MILES FROM SAN MATED; THIRTY-
-L fir*t year. For catalogue address RiSV. Air
[ r'KEDJLKK BREWER, D.D.. Rector, San Mateo,
Cal.
I MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
FRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
moved froni.sls.Ua!Kht.st. to 230 Kaight;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college; term opens August 3.
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
BOARDIXO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
JJ and young men. Prepares for university and
collesre. • Boarders limited to 35. Accredited
school with the universities. Kaster term opens
Monday, August ;-•-■'■• :
"-"-•>;".■ RKV. DR. E. B. SPALDINO, Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7, SACRAMENTO »T. - BOARD, ENG-
—i^jtj I Hah. perfect, mastery of French and Ger-
roan, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
month; cew term July 27; coach. r
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
REOPENS AUGUST 5. , FULL COLLEGIATE.
At seminary and academic courses; unequaled
musical and ;■ elocutionary advantages; terms
moderate. - Address MRS. C. T. MILLS,
' ■ -. , Mills College V. P.. Cal.
SNELL ; SEMINARY,
1 91 O MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD-
• J -*> Inland Day Schoo 1 tor Girls; pupils pre-
pared for college and university ; next term opens
MONDAY, August 3. 1896 <■? * ••
'-.'■; '■--'-■ -. MARY E. SNELL, Principal.
, RADCLIFFE HALL, *
A PBJEPAKATO..Y SCHOOL for GIRLS.
For Illustrated Catalogue addresi
3IK». ALFiiKUS BULL.
.- ■ _ .  ; ■ Belmont, California.
7ISKA INSTITUTE, 1606 VAX NESS AYE.—
Day and boaniins school ior girls; from pri-
mary .< through collegiate department; thorough
course , of English, French and s German :•:-, those
wishing to join , the . graduating ; class should i be
present J on* day*, of opening, August S. UilK
B. ZI«KA, A.M., Principal. - - ■■? ■ .
1 1 ATK TEACHERS OF MISS LAKE'S SCHOOL
-l-> will conduct an Knjrllsh, French, primary and
intermediate department, commencing Ausru*st 10,
at 1605 Franklin st,. corner of I'ine: young ladles
wishing to pursue special studies in San Francisco
will uho be received us parlor boarders.CASTE IN THE
PUBLIC SCHOOLS,
Strong Preference Shown
for the " Aristocratic "
Neighborhoods.
PUPILS WISH TRANSFERS
Their Parents Desire Them to
Move in Fashionable
Circles.
EVENING TUITION EXTENDED.
An Increased Attendance — The Course
at the Horace Mann — The
Webster Primary.
The free common schools, in a Republic
Jike the United States, are the last places
on earth where the existence of caste
would be suspected. Still, 3trange as it
may seem, inatances of it have recently
come to the surface and are causing no
little annoyance to the authorities.
•'Talk about your American aristo
crats," said Superintendent Madison Bab
cock yesterday, "you will find a few of
them in the public schools of San Fran
cisco."
The Superintendent, who was seated at
his desk with a file of letters in front of
him, sighed wearily and continued; "I
am pestered to death at the opening of
this term with applications from parents
for the transfer of their children from one
school to another in all parts of the City.
There is no sound reason for the?e re- i
quests; the motive is purely whimsical.
"An idea prevails among parents and !
pupils that some schools and some
neighborhoods are more fashionable and
aristocratic t::an others. 'Tis a non- i
sensical idea, of course, but it is to these j
schools that transfers of children at the j
beginning of every term are requested, j
The personal popularity of principals has '■
something to do" with it as well aa the I
neighborhood in which the school is lo- \
cated and the class of children by whom it I
is supposed to be attendee.
"I've known parents to ignore an excel- i
lent school only a few blocks distant from j
their residence and to make application !
for their children to be transferred to some
school a mile or more away. They had no
complaint to urge against the principal or j
teacher?, but were prompted to asK for the j
transfers from a whimsical notion that !
tiie distant neighborhood was more aris- i
tocratic and that its school, principal and i
teachers were more fashionable in their i
nabits ar.d customs than those nearer j
home. These transfers, when made, cause *
more or less expense to the school depart
ment, not to mention the cost of carfare j
to parents and the trouble of an equitable I
■irication.
"The result of it is to half fill some
schools and to overcrowd others. There
jira schools wi>ic ■:, as you know, enjoy ■
ie: stations for d;e?s, manners, wealth, j
etc., and tliese, i {logically as it may seem, j
are chosen by many parents m preference
to those where their children may proht !
by sound methods of instruction and I
where caste and fashion are conscien- j
tiously kept in the background.
''For the trivial reasons mentioned prin- i
cipals are naturally reluctant to give j
transfers, and when they are insisted j
upon refer the applicants to me. It is i
with tantalizing cases of this character j
that my time has been largely occupied I
since the opening of the term. You can
hardly conceive of the extent to which the i
feelings of pupils, teachers and parents j
run in this direction. Instead of the fra- j
ternalgood fellowship which should exist j
amonz all of our public bcliools there is, I j
am sorry to say, a widespiead jealousy
ar.d rivalry.
"It is now the policy of the Board of j
Education to extend the system of our |
evening school education. This is a most
useful branch, giving, as it does, educa
tional facilities to young men and young
women who, being compeUed to labor
during the day, have only tneir evenings
to devote to study. N.-w classes have
been established at the Fairmount and I
Richmond primaries and at the Franklin j
MU-lon grammar. The enrollment !
at the Fairmount thus far is 125 students, I
which is exceptionally large. At the !
Richmond 56 are already enrolled. Re
ports from the Franklin and the Mission
are not yet received, but I doubt not that
they will be equally satisfactory.
"The San Francisco Normal School has
an eniollment of eighty young ladies who
aspire to become professional public
school teachers in the near future. The
business evening tchool is filied to over- '
flowing. The enrollment at the Giris' i
High School and the Lowell High School
i- ado fuhy up to the average, and at the
Polytechnic High School thers is no
diminution of attendance. The transfers
of teachers this year have been compara
tively few, and nearly all of these were
made at their own personal requests.
"The junior high school class, just
opened in the Horace Mann Grammar
Fchool under the tuition of Miss Ada
Goldsmith, has a fair enrollment. The
statement to the contrary in a morning
paper was not authorized by me, and as
you know the first day of a term is no
criterion as to the number of students.
There has not been any falling off either
in the attendance at the Lowell High
School. Altogether it may b« said that
the new term of the public schools of this
City opened with an increased attendance,
and under highly favorab'e auspices."
It is expected, "now tbst the Supervisors
have ai>propriated $200,000 for that pur
pose, that the erection of the Mission High
School will be promptly begun and com
pleted during the year. In the meantime, j
however, junior classes can be accommo- j
dated at the Horace Mann Grammar
School.
The historic old Webster Primary j
School, under the experienced supervision i
of its popular principal. Miss Agnes M. j
Manning, began ttie new term under pecu- |
liarly happy circumstances. After its j
brisK and successfu! contest for existence \
the teachers and the pupils met again last j
Monday like a happy family that had long
been separated and was once more joy
fully reunited. Evidently the parents had
iiOL"lost confidence in the ability of the
teachers or the durability of the build
ings, for the classrooms were crowded as
usual with children of both sexes, who ;
prefer the old Webster to any other school. I
IN WANT OF FOOD.
Captain Kelly of Portland, Oregon, Al
most starving in Thia City.
Captain John Kelly is certainly one of (
the most unfortunate men alive if all he
Bays about himself is true.
He is at present living in the Oregon j
House, or Oregon street, near the general
postoffice, without money to pay for food ;
and in debt for his room rent. Captain ;
Kelly came to San Francisco about two j
weeks aco in search of wealthy relatives j
living here, but failed to find them. He
bad a very few dollars in his pocket. In
fact, he was aided out of Portland by sub
scriptions raised among his friends.
The moment poor Kelly struck San
Francisco his troubles began. His trunk
was stolen and he was arrested for vag- I
rancy. The Police Jndge, however, re
leased him the next morning.
When Kelly readied the Oregon House
he was hardly able to climb the stairs. He
paid for his first night's lodging with 10
cents a stranger had triven him. Since
that time he has been hardly abie to walk
and has had hardly enough food to keep
Uim alive. Kelly has applied to several of
tlje charitable societies in the City for
assistance, but failed to get it.
Just what will become of the poor old
man it is hard to say. The keepers of the
lodging-house are poor people who have
hard work to provide for themselves, and
yet they have not the heart to turn him
out into the streets to die.
Kelly has been a Deputy Sheriff in Ore
gon and at one time was quite wealthy.
He is over 70 years ot see. His case should
be investigated by the police.
• — ♦ — •
THE JAPANESE LINE.
Harbor Commissioners Assure Its Rep
resentatives of Their Consideration.
H. Kobogoshi, the little brown man
who is representing on this coast the com
pany which proposes to maintain a line of
steamers from the Orient to California,
called on the Harbor Commissioners yes
terday afternoon.
The Commissioners received the delega
tion cordially and informed them that
every effort would be made to provide the
required facilities. It was the opinion of
the Commissioners that satisfactory rail
connections could be made from Beale
street or the vicinity, and Kobogoshi and
his party were invited to view the prem
ises in "company with an attache of the
office. The party left for San Diego last
evening, but will return to make further
investigations here.
The Commissioners awarded a contract
for repairing the outer half of Bryant
street wharf, between Main and Spear
streets, to the San Francisco Bridge Com
pany for $4274.
The board listened to advocates of differ
ent methods of treating piles to prevent
decay, and the matter was left to the en
gineer to report.
SUFFRAGISTS AT HOME,
Donations of Fruits and Flowers
Continue to Be Received
Daily.
I Miss Anthony Tells Why She Speaks
at Gatherings of Every Political
Complexion.
Not only gifts of flowers, but also boxes
j of delicious fruit, are being sent to the
j Woman Suffrage Bureau by distant suf
-1 fragists, who take this very aereeable way
of paying tribute to the cause they love.
I Among yesterday's offerings were a mag
| nificent display of gladiolas and flowers
| from other bulbous plants and small crates
i of luscious peaches from Mrs. Berry and
■ Mrs. Danielson of Suisun.
Among the visitors was Susan B. An
i thony, cheery, brisk and argumentative aa
! ever.
"I was ranch amused," she said to a
! friend of the cause, '"and just a little hurt,
I at a remark about me which appeared in
! one of the papers. It referred to the facil
j ity with which I appear at meetings com
posed of men who belong to any political
party. Tne writer of the article seems to
i think I ought to ally myself with one
j party and speak at its meetings only.
Now if that man — be must have been a
' man — had only thought a moment before
putting his pen to paper, he would have
i written differently or not at all.
"To begin with, I am a woman — that is,
J politically speaking, I am a cipher, just
! nothing, and nothing more. Why, then,
j should I speak of silver, of protection, of
the tariff and other political issues? I
j might talk myself and everybody else to
; death, but would I be anything moretbau
lan empty voice? However much I might
talk, could I cast cne vote? Certainly
■not. Having been a mere cipher, a cipher
I I would remain.
"No; in my fight for woman suffrage I
• recognize no party. I will speak for the
; cause whenever and wherever I can find
j one voter willing to give me a respectful
I hearing, and, to do the men of California
I justice, they have made me respect them
| for the unfailing courtesy which they have
•shown me. Let women once be made citi
zens, and then, like their brothers, they
will espouse the political party which they
j think best. Till then there is and there
can be only one political issue for women :
Is she a citizen or a disfranchised serf? Is
| she one of the units which go to make up
j the body politic, or a being parity
with idiots and convicted criminals leaves
hei without a voice or a vote in matters
j which affect her dearest interests?
"These questions must be answered first
j of all." said the veteran suffragist, in con
i elusion. "When these issues are settled
I in favor of woman as a citizen and a
rational being, tnen we shall see women
joining political parties. Until then I for
one shall asK every voter who will listen
to me to do his best in order that woman
may be enabled to cut some sort of a
figure in any political parly."
It has been decided that th* oft-lauded
lemonade set shall go to the lady suffrag-
I isi who may receive the largest number
!of votes. Hence gentlemen and anti
; suffragists arc to be hors dv combat.
REGISTRATION WAS HEAVY,
The Central Bureau Closed at
Five O'Clcck Last
Evening.
Over Fifty-Eight Thousand Voters
Qualified to Cast Ballots on
November 4
Registration closed at the Central Reais
tration Bureau at s o'clock yesterday after
noon and the man who has not already
prepared himseif to vote will have to call
at his precinct booth, to give the partic
ulars that will enable him to cast a ballot
on November 4.
As has previously been stated the num
ber of those who have registered is greater
than any that has been on the Registrar's
books since the voters of this City were
i accorded the privilege.
Yesterday 495 men regi'tered, makine a
total for the year of 53,571 against 41,000
last year. _
The Dooths will open in the various pre
cincts to-day and will remai i open for five
days, the limit allowed by Jaw.
The precinct registration is expected to
reach 20,000.
At yesterday's meeting of the Election
Commissioners the following appoint
ments were made to take the places of
me.i dismissed for various reasons:
J. J. Murphy in place of W. J. McCarthy,
fourteenth precinct of the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict; J. K. O'Brien in place of George Smith,
fifteenth of the Thirty-fourth; Dan William
son in place of George Smith, fourteenth of
the Thirty-third; William Murphy in place of
P. Linthieum (resigned), fourteenth of the
Thirty-second; Henry Hauser, eighteenth of
the Twenty-ninth, to fill vacancy; George W.
Di"ff, seventh of Forty-thlTd, to fill vacancy.
William H. Ballinger, twelfth of the Thirty
th:ni, whs dismissed because of irregularities
in the precinct where he served last year, and
Patrick Snllivan. sixteenth of the Thirty-first,
was cited to appear and answer to a similar
charge.
To Dissolve Partnership.
GreeDzwelg «fe Co., a corporation, have ap
plied to the Superior Court ior permission to
dissolve the corporation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
THE THOUSANDS OF
ADOLPH NOTHBAAR
Consul - General Rosenthal
Knows Nothing About
Them.
CASTLES IN THE AIR.
The Barkeeper Seems to Be
Laboring Under a Hallu
cination.
BUT HE IS VERY HAPPY.
According to Himself He Has Here
tofore Been the Heir of Other
Fabulous Fortunes.
Adolph Nothbaar, the German bar
keeper who is supposed to have fallen heir
to 450,000 marks, or about $110,000 in
American money, was at his post of duty
.Adolph Nothbaar, Who Labors Under the Hallucination That lie Has Inherited
350,000 Marks.
yesterday dispensing cold beer and warm
handshakes to the crowds of people who
called in either to do business or to con
gratulate him on his good luck.
Whether or not this story of an inherit
ance is true, the publication of it has
proved a bonanza to Nothbaar's employ
ers, as there has been a steady stream of
people pouring into their place ever since
to get a look, a word or a beer from the
man who has been so suddenly lifted from
a humble sphere to one of affluence.
Nothbaar's claim is that an uncle died
in the Fatherland and left some 900,000
marks to be divided between two heirs, of
which he is one.
He claimed also that the first notifica
tion of his good fortune came from the
German Consul in this City.
As a matter of fact there is nothing to
corroborate Nothbaar's statement except- !
ing the circumstantial evidence that he !
was in a particular happy mood all day,
superinduced by the many congratula
tions and their liquid accompaniments.
To ail inquiries as to the circumstances
surrounding the legacy he patte<i himself |
proudly on a chest of wide expanse and
answered :
"Don't you worry, I can paddle my own
canoe," and he would swallow another
schooner.
It is quite hfeely that the vast wealth
Nothbaar expects from Germany is but
another castle in Spain such as he has
built before and which has crumbled.
Consul-General Rosenthal of Germany,
located in this City, was quite unaware of
It Will Jtepreservt Free Labor.
The "Midwinter Fair Monument" in Golden Gate Park, erected as a gift to the
people by the Midwinter Fair Commissioners, which has aroused the indignation of
the Stonecutters' Union of this City in consequence of the granite base and cap on
which the statue rests having b*«n cut at Folsom State Prison by convict labor.
The counterpart of this granite pedestal was intended as a base for the General
Grant monument, but was rejected because of the opposition of the Stonecutters'
Union, backed by public opinion.
his countryman's good luck wb^n called
upon vesferday by the newspapermen.
Upon inquiry, however, his clerk informed
him that the consulate had received a let
ter from Germany addressed to Adolph
Noitiibaar, which letter had bten de
livered in the regular course of consular
affairs.
'•I do not know the merit of Nothbaar's
claim," said the Consul, "out he is wrong
if he said I informed him of it. or that I
Know anything at all aoout the matter.
-It is qnite likely that I would know all
about it if it were true."
Branching off from Northbaar, the
Consul stated that there were any number
of people who, to establish credit, claimed
they had heard through him of vast for
tunes left them in Germany. These bub
bles, however, scon burst and that usually
ends the bappy dream of the unfortunate
star-gazer. _______________
THE GIRL HAS GONE, TOO.
Janitor Brooks of the Emporium Had
a Typewriter "Who Ig Also
Missing.
The janitors employed at the Emporium
are still anxious to hear from W. F.
Brooks, their chief, who has been missing
for several days.
It appears that something like fCOO was
collected by Brooks to pay tne wages of
the men under him, and since the money
was turned over to him he has disap
peared.
Brooks was quite a lady's man, and it is
presumed that he has squandered his
money with one or more of the fair sex.
About one year a^o he separated from
his wife and children and took up his resi
dence at 810 Missica street, room 21. He
also established an office where he held
forth as the manager general of the "Mer
chants' Cleaning Company," an institu
tion which furnished janitors and ser
vants, as well as clean towels and soap, to
downtown offices. The only other mem
ber of the company was a pretty, petite
typewriter, who, aa well as Brooks, has
disappeared.
CURRY'S ANNUAL REPORT,
A Balance of Receipts Over Expenditures
of 522.269 31.
County Clerk Curry's report for the
year ending June 30 last was rendered to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday. Mr.
Curry makes an excellent showing for his
office.
The ordinary fees of the office amounted
to |82,713 50; inh-ritance taxes collected
amounted to $74,321 31, the totaj receipts
being $157,034 81.
Disbursements, including salaries,
transcripts on appeal and stationery,
amounted to $134,765 50, showing a bal
ance of $22,269 31.
The number of causes on file in th« Su
perior Court on June 30, including the
general and probate departments, was
113,191. _
To Supprest C»r-<Jmnperi.
Considerable annoyance has been caused in
various localities throughout the City by boys
jumping on and off the cars. In order to put
a stop to It General Manager Vlning hag issued
the following instructions printed on a small
strip of cardboard: ■
To all conductors: • Notice Is hereby given that
Order No. 1694 of the Board of Supervisors of San
Francisco makes It unlawful for hoys to Ret on or
off streetcars while [said ears are] in motion. :
Any boy violating said order ii liable to arrest,
fine and imprisonment. ; ~, . .
Acting on this hint it is likely that an arrest
or two may be caused by conductors with a
view of making an example.
TO PRINT THEIR
OWN TICKETS,
Result of the Many Chinese
Lottery Seizures
Lately.
INFURIATED HEATHEN.
They Are Setting Up Presses
to Do the Work in
This City.
WHAT MAY HAPPEN LATER OH
Bo On Ton? Hatchetmen Waiting for
the Vigilance of the Police
to Relax.
The Chinese are again worryine over the
vicissitudes they suffer at the hands of the
tyrant American. This time, however, it
is not the unrighteous manner in which
they are forced to abstain from bathing
their hands in gore. It is due to the im
portation and sale of lottery tickets.
Collector Wise at present rests under the
suspicion of the almond-eyed Mongol. He
ia regarded as the arch-conspirator who is
guilty of interfering with their Buddha
given right of swindling one another in
the shrewd manner peculiar to the Celes
tial intellect.
For some time the Collector has been
seizing large consignments of lottery
tickets shipped to this port. In this be is
perfectly justified by law, as the tariff act
of August 28, 1894, provides that all per
sons are prohibited from importing into
the United States any lottery tickets or
any advertisement of any lottery. The
act further provides that no such articles,
whether imported separately or contained
in packages with other goods entitled to
entry, shall be admitted, and that all such
articles shall be proceeded against, seized
and forfeited by due course of law.
When the steamer Formosa arrived in
port about a month ago, with tickets in
plenty, the Collector made a big seizure,
and now there are not enough tickets in
Chinatown to meet the demand.
The police also are regarded with detes
tation by the innocent looking: Chinese
dealers. They have contributed their mite
to the fund by laying hands on every
ticket in sight.
There are eight lottery companies now
in full blast. Tbe principal five of these
are the Ming Lay Chow, of which Lee Yep
Duck, the heavy villain of tne recent mur
der episode, is said to be at tbe head; the
Red Head, the Tuck Yut, the American
(so-called) and the Ti Loy.
These companies are now engaged, if
the testimony of reputable Chinese be
accepted, in setting up presses of their
own to meet the demand for tickets.
Thus the Chinese will engross their
minds with the sale of Chinese lottery
tickets until the vigilance of the police for
highbinder murders ceases, and then at
tempts will be made by some of the Bo On
Tong aristocrats to win the gold offered
for the heads of Joe Gar, Lee Mcc Toy,
Lee Shung or any of their relatives.
POLO VARIED BY RACES,
Pacific Coast Pony and Steeple
chase Racing Associ
ation.
Grand Preparations Made for the
Annual Meeting at Monterey to
Take Place Soon.
The Pacific Coast Pony and Steeple
chase Racing Association is making very
extensive preparations for its annual
meeting at Del Monte, which will be held
on the 27th and 29th of this month.
Owing to the great interest t?iat is taken
in tn ■ steeplechase by n-enibers of the
Country and Burlingame clubs, the yearly
Country Club live pigeon shoot has been
dispensed with, and the saddle and spur
will replace the gun and pigeon on this
occasion.
The races will be held on the same
course which afforded the 400 ana their
many friends such excellent sport last
season. It goes without saying that more
than ordinary interest will be attached to
this year's meeting, as several young men
have taken to the pigskin, and from all
accounts they will give their more expe
rienced opponents of the turf a hard ride
to land a winner.
Steeple racing is fast becoming a very
popular pastime with young men who are
blessed with money and the time to enjoy
it in health-elving ways, and according to
some patrons of the turf, who are in a po
sition to venture a prediction, pony racing
is certain to be a feature of outdoor soon
which in the near future will be the popu
lar fad among the young members of the
Country and Burlingame clubs.
The races this year will undoubtedly be
witnessed by large and fashionable gath
erings as preparations on an extensive
scale are being made by many of those in
high society to shine on this special occa
sion.
The gentlemen selected to officiate are
Mayor J. L. Rathbone, president; Fred
Webster,vice-president ; steward:— Messrs.
Hobart, Hamilton, Tobin, Craft, Wain
wright and Lawson; judges— Andrew
Jackson and Joseph Crocker; starter. Lou
White; clerk of course, Captain Wain
wright: cierk of scales, T. F. Magher;
timekeeper, John Carroll.
The Burlingame and Riverside polo
clnbs have been practicing for several
weeks for this event, which gives every
promise of being the most successful
meeting that has ever been held on this
coast.
ALEXANDER P. MORES ESTATE
Partial Distribution of the Property of
the Wool Merchant.
The report of the income-tax appraiser
on the estate of Alexander P. More was
filed yesterday. Mr. More died intestate
and his property will be distributed in
accordance with the California law appli
cable in sue cases. Mrs. M. J. Orcutt,
Mrs. C. A. Baldwin, Mrs. Eliza H. Miller
and Mis» Eleanor H. More, all sisters of
the deceased, receive each of them a ninth
of the estate. John F. More, a brother,
also receives a ninth. The remainder of
the estate is divided between the children
of four deceased brothers and sisters, each
niece or nephew receiving a twenty-sev
. ... NEW TO-DAY— GOODS. :
EXTRA SPECIALS
OUR "Bra TBT2 AT*
v i-j <&r«. %-2B" jets, y ■ jhbl. jl
SIX DAYS' BARGAIN SALE!
Our Great Forcing-out Sale of BROKEN LINES AND SURPLUS
STOCK begins another da y with special offerings of the following
STYLISH AND DESIRABLE GOODS
AT AN ASTONISHING SACRIFICE!
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
, -A.t SO Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and stripes,
. worth 76c, will be closed out at 30c each.
" jSk.t SO Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales/stripes and checks, bishop
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 7B Cents. .
LADIES' SHIRT WAIBTB, in all farlcy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good
percale, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each. , •
LACES AND VEILINGS!
At SO Cents per Yard.
1460 yards CREAM, BUTTER AND BLACK CHANTILLY AND APPLIQUE
.. LACES, 5 and 6 inches wide," regular price 40c and 50c, will -be closed out at 20c
per yard. ' y
-A.t 25 Cents per "sT«,xrci.. .
DOUBLE AND ; THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE AND CHENILLETTE
DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular priee4oc, will be closed out at 25c per yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
At SO Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white, with black and self-embrolaered backs,
regular value $1, will be closed out at 50c a pair. •
A* 55 Cents. •
LADIES' 6-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and : brown, also black, worth regular
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair. "
RIBBGNST "RIBBONS!
: - • l;u9Lt: TV? Cents. ■
FANCY RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, assorted colors, value 15c, will be closed out at 7}£c.
At IS Cents.
FANCY RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, all silk, assorted colors, value 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a yard. • '
CORSETS AND UNDERWEAR!
: At SI.OO. rv.y'---
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, two side steels
each side, patent loop eyelets, handsomely embroidered with colored silk flossing,
regular price $1 50, will be closed out at $1.-
At 65 Cents.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED COTTON AND WOOL VESTS, high neck, long sleeves,
non-shrinkable, white and natural, worth 85c. will be closed out at 65c. >
fM/jS***^ MURPHY EX7ZLDHfQv /
»A3xr
enth of the estate, excepting Mrs. Martha
Dv Val, who receives a ninth, she being
the only child of Mrs. Agard, a deceased
sifter of Alexander P. More.
The report shows that the following
payments have been made to the heirs-ai
law: To Albert vV. More $2125 92, to John
C. More $2125 92, to Martha Dv Val $6177 75,
to Thomas R. More $1783 94, to W. H.
More $1783 94, to H. Clifford More $1483 94,
toW.R. More $1483 94, to M.Rosa More
$1483 94, to Mrs. H. K. Rowe $1483 94. to
W. M. Low $1283 94.
The personal property of the deceased
is appraisod at $79,782 36 and the real prop
erty at $320,430 10.
Among the personal property are the
following notes declared by the appraisers
to be of no value: One for $8925, signed
Samuel B. Martin; $2400, signed Mahion
Thome; $-300, signed William Lnnbarger;
$t8,913, signed California Water and Min
ing Company
A fonrth interest in the Harcness Gold
Mining Company is also declared to be
valueless, as is a $44,435 53 judgment
against Thomas Findley and a counter
claim against the Pacific" Coast Steamship
Company. ______________
STILL AFTER CHINATOWN!
The Board of Health Wants to
Tear Down Some of
the Rookeries.
Chiefs Crowiey and Snllivan Refuse
to Be Parties to Such
D?s' faction.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting yesterday for the purpose of de
vising mean? for the cleansing of China
town, but failed in its object, because the
Chinese ConßUl, who had been invited to
be present, failed to put in an appearance,
and because the Chief of Police and Chief
of the Fire Department refused to accept
the idea of the Health Department regard
ing the proper methods to be pursued in
carrying out the project.
A majority of the members of the board
is of the opinion that the proper way to
insure the fumigation of Chinatown is to
tear down some of the old rookeries that
exist there, and, moreover, that the board
has the right to destroy whatever build
ings it may deem proper. This belief is
shared by Dr. Lovelace, the Health Officer.
When the meeting was called to order
yesterday, Drs. Hart, Morse and William
son voiced the sentiment of the board that
Chinatown must be cleaned at once, and
that in order to do it some of the disease
infested buildings that exist there must be
razed.
They expressed a hope that they could
count on the hearty co-operation and aid
of Doth the Fire and Police departments,
and evidently expected that the heads of
these departments would say that such
would be the case.
In this they were partially disappointed,
for, while both of the Chiefs indorsed the
statement that Chinatown wanted clean
ing, they declined to have anything to do
with tearing down buildings to effect that
end.
Chief of Police Crowley said that he was
under the impression that no man's
property could be destroyed without due
process of law, and that the board had no
right to tear down any building simply
because it thought disease existed there.
In this stand he was backed up by Chief
Sullivan of the Fire Department and Dr.
Fitzgibbon. who thought that the Board
was going too far.
Dr. Hart stated that the board would
be responsible for any acts of the Chief of
Police while acting in conjunction with it,
but Chief Crowley stated that ne did not
see just how that would help his bonds
men if they were aued, and the matter
was left there, the sentiment being, how
ever, that the nuisances must be abated
, somehow and at once.
22 Geary St, Near Keapny. I
I Black Dress Skirts ! 1
§ Black Silk Waists ! I
A Special Prices to close out fj
H entire Summer Importation. H
i 25 , Black Dress Skirts at $8.03 1
H Former price $4 50. FJ
1 10 Black Silk Waists at $5.00. U
11 Former price $7 50 and $8 50. M
1 15 Black Vilk Waists at $3.00. i
ga former price $4 50. v
I Cotton Waists/formerly $1.25 to I
I $2, Closed at_sl.oD Eacb. |
if Examine our numerous special ■
1 lines in Black Dress Fabrics. . a
I B. T. KENNEDY COMPANY I
|j Telephone Grant 518. fcj
(OSJHSJBHB|^H
Did It Ever
Strike You
THAT FREDRICK'S
SANITARY TOOTHBRUSH
Is the best In the market ?
Indorsed by all the leading physicians and dentists.
WHY? .
Because It has a tnneap-cleaDinz attachment,
which Is a preventive for all kinds of r -
- throat diseases.
PRICE - 25 AND 50 CENTS.
Hailed free to any address.
tGT RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
818-83) MARKET ST
f^a Chtelie«t«r'« EncU.h DUaosd Braatf.
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-C"~v Original mi O»ly C«nntac A
■ /// fIWV ' •Arc, alwtji i reliable, * uoiro uk jff\
/JlrSl [)ra«rU* lor'ChicittUrt WmptUS Dia. >»V\
&< 3 %jSPyjHK\m*<xJ B'*nd In WtM ud Gold aeUilleXXfitf
* J^ ' — •TxJwxMe* * M Irttl » b!u« ribbon. Tak«
7*l «^i VX*io other. Srfutt daufnui nt&oix- V
I/ ~ ' nf titm * * nd *—itatiQiu. At Dronift j, «f ttad 4«v
-.1 » mT la lumpr for putte»lv*. totiaamUte mad
VV* D " Belief for La&lea," m Itae-, br rctars
-\7 JT^ M«IL . i 0,000 T«tlJB»«1mls. ■> .V*m, FapW.
. Jtr'V7 cfc *« l »erterCk«a»iealC«^il»<Jl«»i»Bflu«re 4
l«UtotllL<«iipras£iJ-A . - t hi|ft4>, p£
910
RED MEN BOUND
THE COUNCIL FIRE
The Sacred Flames of Two
Wigwams Burn Side
hy Side.
A GREAT SUN SESSION.
Fourth Sun of the Sturgeon Moon
Shines on a Mighty
Assembly. .
MANY TRIBES REPRESENTED.
' Daughters of Pocahontas and Red Men
From All Over California's
Hunting-Ground Gather.
Promptly yesterday morning at 10
o'clock, or, in the language of the Red
Men, on tlie advent of the tenth run of
the fourth sun, sturgeon moon, G. S. 1).
405, the council fire of the Thirty-first
Great Sun session of the Great Council of
the State of California, Improved Order of
Red Men, was kindled by the Great Sachem
A. Jackson ot San Francisco.
The great wigwam on Post street was
filled with great chiefs of the California
wilds from Siskiyou to San Diego.
Prom the rising of the sun until the set
ting of the sun the hunt was followed
with enthusiasm and perfect harmony.
Some 300 delegates were present in the
•wigwam of the braves, while in the adja
cent wigwam of Pochahontas, celebrating
its fourth Great Grand Sun session, there
were about seventy-live delegates [rom the
women of the tribes.
After tbe kindling of the council fire
thirty-nine past sachems were introduced
and made members of the Great Council,
the highest degree of the order. Following
these ceremonies an address of welcome
was made by Past Sachem F. D. Brandon.
He outlined the history of the order, tell
ing how it originated from the Sons of
Liberty in 17H5, men who in the disguise
of redlmen fought bravely for American in
dependence. From these came the Sons
of St. Taminain 1771, and from this or
ganization started the Tammany Society
in 1789.
Up to 1833 these societies were fraternal,
but not beneficial in nature, but since 1833
the society ha? been both fraternal and
beneficial. Starting in with a membership
of less than 40,000 the Improved Order of
Red Men has now reached a membership
of more than 150,000.
In the course of his address Past Sa
chem Brandon spoke in complimentary
terms of Colonel A. Andrews, the only
surviving Caiifornian who held the office
of great mishinawa to the Great Council
of the United Stutes.
R^ponse was made by Great Sachem
A. Jackson, who thanked the members in
general for tbe work done in the past and
for the progress made by the order, and
thanked also the committee on entertain
ment for the hospitality they had pro
vided the visiting delegates.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the long talks of the great chiefs, or in
other words the listening to the readings
of the annual reports.
The great sun report of the great sa
chem, A. Jackson, is exceedingly compre
hensive, giving in detail the present con
ditions of the several California tribes and
settiiig forth many rules and regulations
for the tribal government.
He introduced his report as follows:
Great Chiefs and Representatives: Once
more by the will of the Great Spirit we are per
mitted in Great Sun .session to assemble In
this beautiiul wigwam dedicated to the cause
of freedom, friendship and charity.
Brothers, I welcome you one and all, and
extend you a Red Man's greeting.
You have come here from the foothills, from
the mining camps, from tho valleys, from the
capital of our beautiful State and from the
busy hum of the streets of this great me
tropolis, to legislate in the interests of your
tribes and onr beloved order. Many of you
have come that have never been here before,
and to them I extend the Great Council's wel
come, and leel proud to meet with so much
new blood in the long house of the order.
When one great sun ngo in the hunting
grounds of Meiamora Xo. 24 you raised me to
this nigh and honorable position I hed an im
pression that the order was on the eve of a
great revival, but I reckoned without my
host. The good times that I had been predict
ing for several moons prior to that have not yet
come and stagnation and distress go hand in
hand in our midst. We should, however, give
thanks to the Kishe Manitou lor what he has
given us. I would have been glad had It been
more. I have done the best 1 could.
But you, past great sachems, you, great
chiefs, you, P. D. G. S., you, representatives,
you, the rank and file of our honored order,
you have done nobly and I feel grateful to you,
one and all, for the manner in which you have
stood by me during my term of office.
Brothers, my work is before you and your
attention is called to the following brief re
port of my official acts aud the labor I have
nertormed. I have visited every tribe and
council iv the reservation except the new
council at Elmhurst, mauy of them more than
once, aud my labors have been pleasant and
my intercourse with the members will remain
green in my memory so long as it retains its
faculties.
Continuing the report he read a list of
official circulars contained in the report to
the advisory committee made by the Cali
fornia representatives to the Great Coun
cil of the Uniied States.
Speaking of Indian relics he said: "1
would recommend that the collection of
Indian reiics and curios be made a promi
nent feature among the members of our
order, and have the same collected to
gether. We have in the office of the Great
Council a ne^-t-egg, as it were, presented
by Past Sachem S. Berel, viz, six Indian
arrows with steel barbs and finished in a
manner peculiar to the aborigines of tbe
hunting grounds of Mount Shasta."
He also took occasion to congratulate
Oshonee Tribe No. 78 on its success in
winning the prize appropriated at the last
Great Sun session, consisting of 100 fath
oms of wampum, in ordinary language
$100, for the tribe showing the largest per
centage increase of membership.
Concluding, he said:
And now, brothers, in a few brief suns I
shall have surrendered my tomahawk and va
cated my «tump to my successor, and I hope
and trust ih.tt his term will be a grander suc
cess than mine has been.
1 trust our legislation will be conservative
and well considered, adopting only that
which is cleiirly for the good of tbe order,
and, above ail, that our deliberations shall be
conducted with dignity, and that the best of
good feeling will prevail among the members
of this Great Council. Brothers, 1 have done.
This was foilowed by the report of the
great chiefs. It began as follows:
Great Chiefs and Representatives: The handa
on the dial of time again point to the lapse of
another great suit into the history of our
brotherhood. During the twelve moons just
pasted our order has made a s:eady advance in
the growth of our membership and the acqui
sition and enlargement of new territory, until
now ihe dwellers near the border line of per
petual snow up in the towering Sierras may
clasp hands in the totem ie bonds of our union
with those whose vine-clad cottage is shaded
by the tropical palms and the orange groves
oi the southland and the dwellers of the shin
ing stretches of our great interior valleys.
I loin the field and the farm, the vineyards
and fruit orchards of our State, from the
mountains where the sturdy miner, with un
yielding purpose, sends out a golden stream
into the channels oi human endeavor, and
from the diversified indusirie« of ourcities. we
have gathered here about, this council-fire,
and in this handsomely decorated wigwam,
replete with the symbolism and the history of
our noble fraternity, to deliberate upon the
various measures vital to the weliare of our
order and membership and to devise means
for their successful execution.
Out of the measures planned at the last great
sun and the labors perlormed during the in
terim by your great chiefs and the active
members earnestly devoted to the advance
ment of our brotherhood, we take pleasure m
submitting to you the following report as rep
resenting to you the aggregate result of the
order's advancement.
The report proper was mainly statistical
in nature, showing that there were at
present 41 tribes in the State, three of
which were instituted this year.
There are 3703 members now enrolled as
against 2UOO last year. Past sachems
number 509, past grand sachems 19 and
representatives 200.
The sum of $14,057 29 has been ex
pended for relief and $3083 35 for burial
purposes. The amount of wampum
forming the total assets is $90,117 73.
The degree of Pocahontas has 12 coun
cils with a membership of 1004. lta total
assets are $3092 11.
Regarding the condition of the order the
report reads as follows:
The condition of the order is one of hopeful
activity and a large increase in membership
may be confidently looked forward to in the
future. The majority of tribes record a gain,
while a few record a small loss. It will become
trie duty of the Great Council to extend a help
ing hand to Sioc No. 37, Wahtoke No. 63, and
Tonawanda No. 73. These tribes, from local
causes, have declined in membership until
those who remain, though earnest to maintain
their standing in the order, find it a burden to
continue the meetings. From correspondence
lately received the membership in each of
these localities is most willing to maintain
■ their organization, but they will need to be
assisted by this Great Council as branches of
our great family of Red Men. If tribes are in
duty bound to assist members when in dis
tress, it follows that we, as a Great Council,
should assist in the reDuildingof such tribes,
who, tnrough adverse circumstances, have
fallen away in membership; and lunds should
be expended for this purpose as well as for '.he
extension of the order in other hunting
grounds.
Included were the great sun report of
.the Great Keeper of Wampum William J.
Smith, and the report of the finance com
mittee, Fred K. Brandt, W. Rotrosky,
William Campbell, Robert Jones; the
great sun report of the great trustees,
Davis Louderback, Henry A. Chase, Will
iam Rotrosky; the great sun report of
the great representatives, Benjamin F.
Josselyn, Fred K. Brandt. D. F. Seavey,
and the report of the committee on cor
respondence.
This latter included report showing the
progress made by the various great coun
cils under the jurisdiction of the Great
Council of the United States, and sub
joined is an account of the last great
council of the United States, where the fire
was kindled in the hunting grounds of
Providence, R. 1., on the tenth sun, Moon
G. S. D. 404.
Concluding It says:
New fires have been kindled where former
fires had become extinct and ia many places
where none have ever been burned. An inter
est in the Improved Order of Red Men has been
created which never before s>o widely existed,
not only among our own members, but in the
paleface world. We are tc-day recognized, as
never before, to be the distinctively American
fraternity. In fact it may be safely asserted
that the only present obstacle to our progress
is the financial question. Because of our pat
riotic beginnings and teachings and in the
fact that jvc are the only fraternity which in
any way preserves the virtues and traditions
of the ancient American people, we present
peculiar claims to Americans which give us
their respect aud good will and which will at
tract them to our wigwams if we properly di
rect our energies to that desirable end. We
must at all limes remember that the order de
pends upon its individuals. A Red Man can
not do, as such, without harm to the order,
some things which he may otherwise do with
out attracting public attention and censure.
We are each of us a part of the beautiful whole,
which it is our duty to humanity to maintain
without reproach.
Not a breath's distance from the solemn
council of the braves the fair-faced maid
ens of the lodge of Pocahontas were as
sembled. The entire morning session was
devoted to the question of seating the
delegates and whether the regularly
elected delegates should have a vote and
voice in the proceedings, as well as the
past great Pocahontases.
The matter was referred to the great
sachem in the tent across the way, and he
decided finally that all should be given a
vote.
The committee on credentials read its
report, the delegates were seated and the
records of the last Great Council were read.
Last night the three councils, degree of
Pocahontas, gave a reception to the visit
ing councils at Red Men's Hall, and to
day, in the language of Mabel Curtis,
great Pocahontas, at the second sun of the
session, second run, setting of the sun,
the Great Council will proceed to the elec
tion of the great chiefs. Literally, at 2
o'clock in the afternoon there will be an
election of great chiefs.
The adoption degree was exemplified
last evening by the braves at Union
Square Hall, the competitive members
being Modoc tribe No. 57, Manzanita
Tribe No. 4, Arapahoe Tribe No. 76 and
Montezuma Tribe No. 77. There is a
prize of 100 fathoms of wampum or $100 to
be awarded to the victorious team. The
result of the contest will be announced
this afternoon at the session of the Grand
Council.
GAY NATIVE SONS.
Enjoyable Entertainment and Dance
Given by National Parlor No.
118.
A delightful entertainment, followed by
a dance, was given last night by National
Parlor No. 118, N. 8. G. W., at Native
Sons' Hall, on Mason street. The attend
ance was very large.
The opening number of the programme,
Rossini's incomparable overture to "Semi
ramide," was admirably rendered by a
full orchestra under the direction of Pro
fessor F. W. Cellarius. Miss Cordie Wet
jen gave a wonderful exhibition of her
powers as a whistler and little Pearl
Trenton's graceful, dainty dancing was
much admired. Monsieur Paul's comic
French serenade, vocal duets by R. N.
Walsh and Miss Adeie Lignon and the
singing of the National Quartet, beside a
number of entertaining declamations,
combined to make the early part of the
evening pass off very pleasantly. The re
mainder of the night and a good part of
the early morning were given up to
dancing.
Much credit is due to the committees
that had the affair in charge, the follow
ing named gentlemen serving to make the
event a brilliant success:
Reception committee— D. E. Murden, W. N
Swrsey. P. G. dv Py, F. J. Silvey. G. W. White,
R. E. Palm, J. P. E. Sparr, C. H. Johnson, N.
Madsen, 8. A. Gill.
Committee of arrangements— H. F. Lilken
dey, F. T. Martens, E. M. Hall. George Meyer,
W. M. Brown, W. E. Fett, Fred Shade, F
Glocker, F. P. Wehe, A. R. Vaughn, J. J. Mur
phy, D. F. Nunan, F. E. Kroeger, L. A. Huf
schmidt.
Stage manager— L. A. Hufschmidt; assistant,
F. Glocker.
Floor manager— F. P. Wehe; assistant, A. R.
Vaughn.
Floor committee— E. N. Snook, W. A. Peter
son, 0. Hufschmidt, W. V. Doughty, George W.
Koch Jr., G. F. Sands.
National Parlor is in a flourishing con
dition, and its entertainments are the
occasion of much enjoyment to its mem
bers and their friends. Following is the
list of officers:
H. E. Lilkeudey. past president; D. E. Mur
den, president; w. M. Brown, first vice-presi
dent; F. E. Kroger, second vice-president;
W. Barr, third vice-president; P. G. dv Pv
treasurer; George Wnite, financial secretary;
C. H. Johnson, recording secretary W E
Fett, marshal; J. P. E. Sparr, inside sentinel;
J. J. Murphy, outside sentinel.
Called Him a Liar.
A. W. Nicholson, 25 Allen street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court yester
day charging W. B. Reed with battery They
were in the Registration office last Friday
when a discussion arose as to the meaning of
16 to 1. Reed, who is a Democrat, said it
meant 16 Democrats to I Republican. Nichol
son said that Reeu was a liar and Reed knocked
him down.
Damages for a Beating.
Francisco Castiglione and Julia, his wife,
have sued Gestino Devlncenzi for f 3000 dam
ages. The defendant is said to have assaulted
Julia Cestiglioi.e and brutally beaten her, for
which reaso.i damages are claimed.
Loans on diamonds. lmere.ii low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Uram aveuue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
SCENE AT THE BAVQUET OF THE DAUGHTERS OF POCAHONTAS.
[Sketctied by a "Call" staff artist.]
POPULISTS ARE
GETTING RESTIVE,
Straight Honest Members
May Reject the Un
holy Alliance.
HUNTING FOR OFFICES
Bryan Spurns the People's Party
Platform With Scorn and
Condemns It.
CATOR'S OPINION OF UNIOM.
The Executive Committee Preparing
a Plan to Save toe Democracy
From Destruction.
The Northern Democrats, who, unlike
their brethren of the South, love the Pop
ulists, are very much agitated because of a
statement made by Senator Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of tbe National Com
mittee of the silver Democrats, to a re
porter of the New York World.
When asked by the World correspondent
the question, "Will Mr. Bryan accept the
nomination offered him by tbe Popu
lists?" he answered slowly and deliber
ately: "How can he? He was nominated
with Sewall on the Democratic platform,
and he will do nothing that will reflect
upon him as a gentleman or as the Demo
cratic candidate. He appreciates very
highly the fact that the Populists honored
him with so many of their votes, but when
be sent that telegram to the St. Louis con
vention requesting the withdrawal of his
name he meant that be could not accept
the nomination. He ia of the same mind
now.
"I see some of the Populists are declar
ing that unless Bryan accepts their nomin
ation by August 5 the central committee
will withdraw his name and nominate
someone else in his place. Well, let them
do so. Mr. Bryan having been the nomi
nee of the Democrats and of the Silver
party common decency would at least sug
gest the propriety of his accepting those
nominations first. But Buppose the Popu
lists do nominate another candidate for
the Presidency, what would be the situa
tion? Mr. Bryan received 1000 votes in
their convention, and then this central
committee, composed of a few men, comes
along and nominates a new man. It will
simply mean the disruption and disorgan
ization of the Populist party."
Middle-of-the-road Populists are rejoic
ing over the news. It looks as if things
were coming their way after all for a
straight out and out Populist ticket. They
are laughing also over Senator Jones'
statement to the effect that the nomina
tion of Watson for Vice-President, fol
lowed by the nomination of Norton for
President, would mean the disruption of
the Populist party. They say that he
would rather have the party swallowed
twenty times over by the Democracy than
disrupted.
The straight Populists are saying more
than this. They say that the leaders of
the People's party stood in with the silver
Democrats at St. Louis and emasculated
the comprehensive platform of principles
adopted at Omaha so that it would be
Democratic enough and non-Populistic
enoueh to allow Messrs. Bryan and Sewall
to stand upon, tbe job being at the outset
to have both nominated by tbe National
People's Party Convention. Every one of
the Populist Judases from General Weaver
down was as much in favor of Capitalist
Sewall as he was of Bryan. That was the
Democratic programme, but tbe slate was
smashed by tbe firmness of North Caro
lina with her ninety-two delegates stand
ing by Texas and the other middle-of-the
road delegates and insisting on a People's
party man selected from the South being
nominated for the Vice-Presidency.
Middle-of-the-road men are in favor of
putting up Dr. S. F. Norton of Chicago for
the Presidency, he haying received their
votes at the St. Louis convention, and
they favor al«o ignoring the meaningless
platform of the St. Louis convention and
re-establishing the one adopted by the
Omaha convention, with the reconstruc
tion of the financial plank expressing the
doctrine of the People's party on the
monetary question. There is no doubt
that should this be done the straight
ticket and the straight platform would re
ceive the large majority of the votes of
the People's party throughout the United
States.
Democrats are layine stress on the fact
that if the Populists decline to boost the
corrupt Democracy into power McKinley
will be elected and the Populists will be
to blame for it. The middle-of-the-road
ers retort that in that event the Demo
cratic party will go out of existence and
its place will be taken by the People's
party, which four years hence will be
strong enough to overthrow the Republi
can giant.
"Why should we keep you alive for
another four years?" they ask of the
Democracy. "If Uryan should be elected
by the aid of our votes you will take all the
credit of it, and you will have no further
use for the People's party until the next
campaign?"
The Democrats have a hard time dodg
ing the Populist leaders, who are chasing
them from corner to corner with propo
sitions of fusion, the aforesaid leaders
being tired of waiting so long without pie.
The executive committee of the State
Central Committee of the People's party
was in executive session all day yesterday
formulating plans whereby it could join
bands with the Democracy.
T. V. Cator, who will be United States
Senator from California if the Populists
elect more Senators and Assemblymen
than the Democrats or Republicans, spent
a whole hour in tbe forenoon session
explaining the difference between the
meaning of the words fusion and union
and incidentally vindicating himself for
voting for Bryan in the St. Louis con
vention.
The members of the committee present
were: E. M. Wardall, chairman: M. E.
Ditniar of Shasta, T. Houghton of Tehama.
J. E. Camp of Sacramento, C. H. Castle of
Merced, John S. Dore of Fresno, H. A.
Mason of Santa Clara, J. M. Moore of Oak
land, George D. Ghllespie, J. C. Gore, J. D.
Thompson of San Francisco and R. E.
Bush of Berkeley.
Mr. Cator was followed by Joseph
Asbury Johnson of San Francisco, who
gave his impressions of the work of the
National convention.
A plan of action for the campaign was
mapped out and a basis of union with the
Democracy was discussed. The fresh
young blood of the People's party was to
be injected through a free-silver syringe
into tde flabby veins of a party that was
good enoueh for Jackson to belong to
when it was young, but which fell into
evil courses in its old age. The plan pro
posed was that three Populist and four
Democratic candidates for Congress
should be placed on both tickets, and four
out of the nine Presidential electors, all
officers under Congressman to be straight
People's party nominees.
John S. Dore, a Fresno member of the
committee, said to a Call reporter yester
day that he was confident that Sewall
would be withdrawn. With reference to
the contemptuous statement of Senator
Jones of Arkansas Mr. Dore said that he
was a little surprised at the lack of pru
dence and good sense exhibited by those
representing Bryan and the Democratic
party.
"In case of a union on Presidential elec
tors," added Mr. Dore, "if the Democratic
electors should vote for Bryan and Sewall,
the Populist electors will refuse to vote
for Bryan, and there's where we will have
them on the hip. Sewall will never be
elected, becauae if he remains on the
ticket there will be a division on electors,
and the matter will be carried into the
United States Senate, where the Populists
bold the balance of powr.
"On Presidential electors," added Mt.
Dore, "there need be no difficulty in any
Btate in arriving at a fair and proper
agrpement as to the number of electors
each party shall Have on tbe ticket. Of
course, there must be but one electoral
ticket in the field in order to secure suc
cess. The division of electors should be
based on the number of votes cast by the
two parties at the last election. We meet
on common ground and by a union of
forces make absolutely sure the defeat of
goldbutrism and corporate monopoly in
this country.
"On members of Congress we may
again meet on common ground and for a
common purpose. *'or in order to give
full force to the election of Bryan and
Watson it will be important, indeed abso
lutely essential, that we should have con
trol of the lawmaking department of the
Government. By union we shall be able
to elect every Congressman in the State.
"The fitness of the men selected by
either party should be carefully and thor
oughly considered in any arrangement
contemplated. On this matter I am
speaking simply as .i member of our State
executive committee and as an individual
Populist, but under no circumstances
would I be willing to consent to a selection
of Congressional candidates by 'pulling
straws,' as has been suggested in some
quarters.
"We want the very best men of both
parties put to the front in this critical
hour.
"One word to disheartened Populists.
The People's party of the Nation was never
more thoroughly organized than it :s
to-day. The new National Committee
was selected by the same loyal forces that
changed the order of business in the con
vention and nominated that gallant leader,
Thomas A. Watson, for V ice-President.
The days of doubt, of wavering, connubi
ating, are past, and a clean-cut, vigorous,
honest, open and bold course will mark
the path of those now in control.
"In California every loyal Populist in
every voting precinct will work and vote
for our nominee for Lieutenant-Governor
and all the minor offices. While we meet
the Democrats on common eround on Na
tional issues and work with them for a
common victory over common foes, we
nevertheless intend to conduct a clean-cut,
vigorous People's party campaign."
While all these things are being ar
ranged, the Democrats, the Populists say,
have not made any overtures to the Peo
ple's Party State Committee, but the fine
Italian hand of Senator Jones of Arkansas
and Johann Most Altgeld of Illinois
may be plainly seen by any one who looks
under the table.
AN OLD MAN'S PROPERTY.
His Children Engaged in a Fight
for It Before His
Death.
Trouble of Warring Step. Brothers
a-d Step-Sisters to Be Aired
in Court.
There is a lively family row going on
among the children of John O'Brien, wbo
owns considerable property in Noe^ Valley.
O'Brien was married twice, ana the two
daughters of his first wife are arrayed
against a son and two daughters of the
second spouse.
It seems that O'Brien's youngest daugh
ter, Sarah, kept house for him up to about
a year ago. Another daughter, Lizzie, up
to the time of her marriage also resided
with him. On November 20, 1891, O'Brien
made a deed to all his property in favor of
these two children, but stipulated that the
deed be not recorded until after his death.
His request was, however, disregarded and
on May 1, 1895, the deeds were recorded
without his knowledge or consent.
A bitter quarrel foilowed this action on
the part of tbe children and resulted in
their leaving the old man to keep house
for himself. A settlement was afterward
effected by O'Brien signing a quitclaim
deed to one piece ot property and another
piece was reconveyed to him.
The old gentleman was, however, tired
of living alone, so he sent for Annie Parry,
his daughter by his first wife, and. so she
says, promised that if Mrs. Perry would
come and live at his home and take care
of him he would at his death will to her
the balance of his property, excepting
$5000, wbicb he stipulated should go to
certain named heirs. Mrs. Perry agreed
to this, the will was made accordingly, the
Perrys left their own home, which they
rented, and took up their residence at
126^ Noe street, with John O'Brien.
All went well for a year, but then the
old man suddenly deserted the Perrys and
went to live with Mrs. Tierney. He has
since threatened to revoke the will and
have the Perry family ousted from the
flat at 126^ Noe street.
Mrs. Perry and her husband yesterday
brought suit against O'Brien, praying that
he be enjoined from disposing of his prop
erty, revoking his will or having the
Perrys ejected from the flat at 126 M Noe
street.
Insolvency Petitions.
N. C. Farnum yesterday filed a petition in
insolvency. He owes $3908 30 and has no
assets.
H. P. Crune is also Insolvent. His liabilities
are $1830 and his assets nothing.
RIVER BOATS IN
VERY HARD LUCK,
Four of Their Engines
Broke Down From Va
rious Causes.
REPAIRS BEING MADE.
The T. C. Walker Blew Out a
Cylinder Head and Two
Men Were Scalded.
CREW OF THE SIERRA PARIMA.
They Were Not Drowned, bat Were
Picked Up by a Passing Ship
and Land d
Beveral of the bay and river steamers
met with a chapter of accidents yesterday.
The gasoline Jennie Griffin, bound
for Point Reyrs, got away from the
wharf and was well under way when her
engines broke down and she began drift
ing up with the tide. The Ida A went to
her assistance and towed her back to her
berth. The passengers and car^o were
transferred to the Ida A and she took up
the Griffin's run.
The T. C. Walker while on her way down
from Stockton blew out one of her
cylinder-heads at Antioch. The engineer
and one of his men were scalded by the
escaping steam, but not dangerously.
The steamer came down under one boiler
and yesterday she was towed to her
various landings to deliver the freight by
the tug Alert.
While on the run from Berkeley to San
Francisco the steamer Hope broke a
crank-pin and drifted around for half an
hour. The steamer Sunol went to tier
assistance and towed her to Clay-street
wharf.
The tug Annie was just starting out to
oo a large towing job, but before the last
line was thrown off she broke and Captain
Titchworth had to tie up again. There
seems to be an epidemic among the
steamers that dock at JacKson and Wash
ington street wharves.
Captain John Carrington, who is well
known in San Francisco, has given up the
sea. He was last here as master of the
yacht Nianza, but later had command of
the big four-master Lydgate. From New
York he sailed for Calcutta and at that
port learned of the death of his father.
He is now on his way home to settle up
tbe estate.
A private letter received from Lazy Har
bor, Alaska, dated July 8, says t: at the
schooner Herman has taken sixty-three
otter sfcins. As the skins are worth from
$400 to $500 each in tbe English market the
vessel has done remarkably ■well. The
writer of the letter says that the Indians
have all the way from fifteen to fifty skins
each, but are asking big prices for them.
The Herman was boarded by one of the
revenue cutters, but everything aboard
was found to be regular.
The captain of tlie Herman had not seen
the schooner Webster since the middle of
April and he was anxious about her. Cap
tain Johnson of the latter vessel, however,
stated before leaving San Francisco that
he was not going in the beaten way, but
was coing To a hunting ground known
only "to himself. There need therefore be
no fear for the schooner. The Herman
has six of the best hunters in California,
and it is expected that they will bring
back over 100 skins next September.
The steamer Australia sailed for Hono
lulu yesterday with a full cargo and the
following passengers:
James Gunn and wife, N. Halstead, A. G,
Hitchcock and wife, J. L. Howard, J. A. Ken
nedy. Mrs. F. W. Little and child. Miss R. A.
Miller, A. G. Keeper, George H. Robinson, Mrs.
Dr. Luke Robinson, John E. Richards., wife »nd
son ; Master Richards, R. Schagler, H. Shain
wald, W. 3. Terry, Mis« C. Walker, Miss M. J.
Walker, Miss B. Weight, W. O. Atwater, wife
and child; Mrs. E. Archer, Thomas A. Bailey
and wife, Miss M. Barrett, James Campbell,
wife, two children and maid: W. I. Cleave and
wife, Professor F. B. Dresslar, George de la
Vergue, Miss G. Green, Miss Jessie M. Gear
hard t, George F. Grant.
John E. Richards, the well-known at
torney, is taking his wife and family to
the Paradise of the Paciric for a vacation.
They will be gone a month.
Later news from the ill-fated ship Sierra
Parima says that Captain Wishart and his
crew were saved, but that tha vessel was a
total loss. Tbe men were picked up by a
passing ship, and taken to Colombo, rey
fon, wnence they will be sent to Eng
land. T:iis will be glad tidings for Cap
tain Wishart's host of friends, who have
been mourning him as dead.
FORCED TO THE WALL.
O. F. "Willey & Co., Carriage and Har-
ness Dealers, Were Attached by
Their Creditors Yesterday.
The carriage and harness dealing firm of
0. F. Willey & Co., 317 Montgomery
street, went to the wall yesterday after a
hard bat unavailing fight to stave off the
crisis.
Tbe financial troubles of tbe firm, of
which O. F. Willey, Chris Buckley's old
friend, is the head, were brought to a
focus yesterday when H. H. Babcock of
the Babcock Manufacturing Company of
Watertown, N. V., filed a suit for $8373
and levied an attachment for that amount
against the stock carried in the Mont
gomery-street store.
Mr. Willey attributes the trouble to the
failure of other concerns that held his
paper, and wlile not intending to eive up
without a struggle is under the impression
that the firm will not be able to get out of
tbe muddle.
"This attachment," he said yesterday,
"arises out of the failure of the Columbus
Buggy Company and the Emerson-Fisher
Company of Cincinnati. I owed them
and my paper has got into innocent
hands. Under the circumstances it was
only a matter of a few days when I would
be attached.
"Mr. Babcock is here on a visit, and
knowing how matters stood he com
menced an action to protect himself.
"As I hmre othe>- creditors in the East
it is not unlikely that other attachments
will follow. I have just been to see a
lawyer, and as he assures methat there is
no way in whicti attachments can be
raised unless it be by paying the obliga
tions, I presume I will have to suoroit as
it is impossible to borrow money he a ai
present."
Kuhlman Again in Jail.
Dr. Charles Kuhlman is in jail, where he is
likely to remain until he consents to answer
certain questions asked him by Coroner Haw
kins beariag on the Sonderup inquest. The
inquest was called again yesterday morning
when Kuhlman again refused to be sworn.
He was adjudged guilty of contempt and sen
tenced to the County Jail until such time as
he was ready to answer all questions. Jud>»
Daingerfleld signed the commitment order,
f. cm "Kine that Kuhlman's action looked like
"willful contempt."
Baldwin Will Sell Cigars.
Marshal Baldwin will sell on Friday morn
ing the contents of Wone Chung's cigar fac
tory, seized May last for violating the internal
revenue laws. Thprewill be placed under the
auctioneer's hammer 40 000 cigars, 569
pounds of leaf tobacco, st>!) pounds of wrap.
P?ng tobacco, 6 presses, scales and 2a molaj.
The value of the outfit is about $2000.
Another Transfer Change.
On and after Sunday next, the Fillmore-street
cars will run through to the northern termi
nus of that line, and passengers desiring to go
to the park will receive transfers to the Oak
sireetcar*. For some time past the through
cars were run fr*m Fillmore into Oak street,
and passengers desiring to go to the northern
cortion of Fillmore street had to transier.
The change was made on account of a greater
number of people traveling along Fillmore
"trfet than om to the park. The cars on Oat
sue* will be run, however, only from noon to
9p. M. . .
The Divorce Coarts.
Judge Slack yesterday granted Louise Galik
sen a. divorce from Olans Galiksen, because of
the latter's extreme cruelty. The custody of
minor children was awarded to plaintiff.
Emily Eramons was divorced from Cortaine
S. Ernmows by Judge Sanderson, because ol tho
defendant's desertion.
MEW TO-DAT. .
youlan
be DOCTORED
free of charge
At our pharmacy. We have
secured the services of a
physician of high standing
and integrity who will here-
after TREAT ALL PATIENTS
FREE OF CHARGE daily
from 9 to 10 A. M.
All diseases treated in the
most skillful and scientific
manner, and in the case of
Private Complaints an ab-
solute cure is guaranteed.
We especially urge those
who have received no bene-
fit from other physicians to
call. Write for question
blank. Consultation free at
all times. : ■
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
883 Market Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
SPECIAL SALE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS CARPET
LAID I7r p A
LINED,/ J(j YARD.
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Aye.
Telephone 5391- :
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and - Women. All diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head. Throat, Limes. Stomach, Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles, Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex 'scientifically treated and permanently
cured.' ; Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in youne, middle-a-ed or
old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, use paralysis, insanty. and pre-
mature death quickly and permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons' the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment. '
HEART." BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If • you have a dizziness of the
Lead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathine and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on .Friday. afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
WHITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, . German,
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish. - .
Correspon.lence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. , Address
[IP T I QWFIIHV 737 Market St.,
Un. I. L. UlfLHni, San Francisco, Cal.
|g&& $5 Belts for $30.
B?E\^^!^V^N?B Old-fashioned and poorly
■Er?r» S; £ii&>u__3Ki^B made, can he had by pay-
JPfcif?f>T!f^l^Tfari'-^r Ing yonr mont»y to eiectrio
*Vfp/ib='?i^'-i««r-- belt 'quacks" and travel-
•W'jS r-yVN^%V< : ■". ing "fakers." For a flrat-
'" *<*y£ l * class article at a reasonable
' '■^zi^ : price write or call for tree
.; "^ copy of our iifw book. DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy.
Mcond, third ana fourth floors. San Francisco.
PI 1 CC ITCHING PILES
r 1 Lto swayne's
ABSOLUTELY OUBHS. Wllll IfltH I
" BYMPTOMH-Molntarc; - Intense Itchina and
•tinging; most at night; worse by ■•lohfnjt. If
■Uowrdtn continue tumors form and protrude,
: which often bleed and ulcerate, becoming very
•ore. 8 WAYNE'S OINTMENT .top. the Itching •
•nd bleeding, henls nleeratlon, and In moat Vase*
CWBMTea the tumor* •»« jour Druggist tor U.
! NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY ; AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 SO per day, $3
I to $b per week, $8 to $30 per moatn: tree bath):
I hot and cold water every room; ' tire gratei in
f •very room; : elevator runs allnisui • - -. .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES ■H. , PHILLIPS, attorney-at-
VJ law and Notary Public, 633 Market st, I opp j-
uie Palace HoteL Telephone 67a Keaidano* 1«M
I'eliiiu Telephone. "Piaa" ijjyi.TIREY L, FORD
DOES NOT DESPAIR
Ex- Congressman's Able Re
port on Hydraulic Gold
Mining.
WORK IN WASHINGTON.
Why the Mineral Lacds Bill
Failed to Pass Through
Congress.
MUCH OPPOSITION MET WITH.
The Next Association Convention Will
Ec Held in the Second Week
in Novemb.r.
The executive committee of the Call*"
iornia Miners' Association held an inter
esting meeting last Monday evening in
the Union Lengue rooms in t.e Palace
Hotel. Nearly tho entire session was
taken up in listening to the report of the
Hon. Tirey L. Ford, the representative of
the association who went to Washington
to obtain certain Congressional aid in be
half of the mining industry of this State.
He spent nearly four montus Ea^t and it
was through his energetic and persistent
efforts that assistance of any kind was ob
tained. He was largely instrumental in
securing the $250,000 appropriation for the
impounding of debris la the streams in
the mining districts.
Senator Ford's report was partly histor
ical of the efforts made by the miners of
the State to obtain relief for hydraulic
miners. That the committee decided to
hare it printed as a valuable reference of
useful data and information was a fitting
tribute to its worth. It consisted of fifty
four pages of closely lined typewritten
matter.
When Senator Ford reached "Washing
ton he found four measures before Con
gress :
A bill intended to reduce the penalties
provided for ia the committee act; a
hill intended to amend the Federal mining
Inw6 with particular reference to the manner
of locating, holding, aud working mining
claims and the transfer oi contests as to the
agricultural or mineral character of land from
Tne land offices to the local courts; a bill look
ing to the segregation of the unpatented min
eral lands within the railroad land grants in
California, locally known as the "Mineral
Lands Bill, " and a bill to appropriate mones
tor the construction of works to Impouud
mining debris and thereby to protect the nav
igation streams of Caliiornia.
The nrst was disapproved of and not
further urged.
The second bill, intended to amend the
Federal mining law*, was argued before the
House Committee on Mines and Mining
by Representatives Barbara and Mr. Ford,
but no definite action was taken by the
committee, though the committee seemed
favorably disposed toward the measure,
particularly with reference to the transfer
of contests from the Land Cilice to tlie
local courts, to which latter particular the
arguments were most strongly directed.
The presnrsa of other matters caused
this bill also to he temporarily neglected,
although the California delegation was
united in its favor. Of the mineral lands
bill Mr. Ford reported :
This bill was introduced on the 26th day of
I>ecember, 1895, bj- Representative Johnson
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, where the same was pending on the ar
rival of your representative in Washington on
January £4, 1996. This bill, it will be remem
bered, whs the bill mutually agreed upon by
tne railroad company and your honorable
body and locally known as the "substitute
bill." Prior to liis departure for Washington
yonr representative had a consultation with
your honorable chairman, during which your
representative suggested that he would en -
deavor to ascertain upon reaching Washington
whether tne bill originally reported by your
commit tec on legislation, and locally known
a." the "committee bill," stood an equal 6how
oi passage with the bill already in trounced.
On January 31 Mr. Ford telegraphed to
Mr. Neff that the committee bill could be
as easily passed as the substitute bill, and
received instructions to urge the passage
of the committee bill. The substitute bill
was dropped, and Mr. Ford aud the Cali
fornia delegation devoted its energies to
the other, which became known as the
California mineral lands bill. The
measure met with much opposition, and
not a little from tne National administra
tion, which operated through the effective
machinery of the Interior Department.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office addressed a lengthy communica
tion to the Senate committee, wh-ch had
the bill, setting forth with much vigor his
objections to the measure and opposing
its enactment into law. This letter had
the added weight of tne written indorse
ment, of the Secretary of the Interior.
This letter was rep ied to by Mr. Ford
and the Caliiornia delegation and Mr.
Ford paid high praise to Senators Per
kins and White, Congressman Bowers and
Senators DuboU of Idaho, Berry of Arkan
sas, Pascoe of Florida and Hartman of
.Montana for their loyal support of the
measure and friendship to Califoraia
miners.
After much hard work the bill finally
passed the Senate after several amend
ments, including the so-called Orecon
amendment, which did it no good. Mr.
Ford continued: .
The bill was to be returned to the House in
the usual manner, when some member oi the
House Committee on Public Lands, preferably
the chairman, Mr. Lacey oi lowa, or Mr.
Bowers, California's representative upon the
committee, was to move a non-concurrence by
the House and ask for the appointment of a
conference committee. The Senate, anticipat
ing such action oil the part of tho House,
named its conferees at ihe time of the passage
of the bill, Senators Dubois of Idaho, I'ascoe
of Florida and Pettigrew of South Dakota
being selected by tne Senate to represent that
body in the conference committee. The Sena
tors thus selected were all friendly to the
measure and would have consented to a reces
sion by the Senate from any of the Senate
amendments thac might have been deemed
prejudicial to the fiual passage and approval
of the measure.
The first intimation your representative had
that the programme above suggested had not
been carried out wm from a telegram received
by him at Denver conveying the information
that Mr. Bowers was sick and that the mineral
lauds bill was hung up in the House. Further
telegraphic correspondence developed a grave
state of affairs, which your representative,
after his arrival in San Francisco, and with
the aid of your secretary. Julian Sountag, did
all In his power to overcome.
The result, however, is well known to your
honorable body. The bill, upon its return to
the House, was referred to the House Commits
tee ou Public Lands instead of to a committee
of conference, thus Riving the measure
a j:arliam<»ntary status which Speaker
Reed could not be persuaded to
view favorably tbougn strongly urged to do so
by the en:ir» Caliiornia delegation and earn
estly importuned by the Governor, Secretary
of State, Aitorney-Oeneral, State Controller
and other prominent officers and citizens of
California. The bill thereiore remains pend
ing in the House awaiting concurrence or non
concurrence iv the Senate amendments. At
the short session commencing in December
and ending in March next the bill can be
taken up aud Bent to the President for ap
proval after an agreement by the two houses
upon the pending amendments. In the mean
time your representative begs leave to suggest
that y°ur Committee ou mineral lands might
profitably employ sach means as it may be
able to command to the end that no lands be
patented to any of the railroad companies
affected by the bill in question prior to the
final passage and approval of the same.
The fourth, bill, "to appropriate money
for the construction of works to impound
mining debris and thereby to protect nav
igable streams of California,'* did not pass
through because of a hitch which eventual
ly resulted in a misunderstanding between
Mr. Ford and President Neff and Secretary
Sonntag of the association, wnich, how
ever, was happily straightened out by ex
planations at last night's meeting. In
order to fully explain this measure and its
import Mr. Ford was obliged to review the
history of the mining question from a lee
iilative standpoint and he went back to
the provision contained in the river and
harbor act of 1880. This provided for an
examination, suivey and report of the cost
of impounding dams on the arteries of the
two great rivers. In his report Mr. Ford
made extracts from the exhaustive report
of Colonel George H. Mendeil, who at
tended to this work; also the report of
the Briggs commission, which was created
in 1838.
It was estimated by the Commissioners
that over $100,000,000 was invested in this
branch of mining prior to its partial sup
pression by tne courts. They also stated
that in consequence of the suppression of
this class of mininpr, costly hydraulic
works were allowed logo to decay, mining
camps deserted and large districts depopu
lated. Both Commissioners recommended
the appropriation of money for the con
struction of impounding dams, and sev
eral streams were suggested where these
should be placed.
Mr. Ford then gave a detailed account
of the new appropriation bill and the
manner it too was tossed about on the
legislative sea, together with some spicy
correspondence between the officers of the
association and himself relative to the
measure. This unpleasantness was ex
plained by John M. Wright to have been
caused by the delay in the delivery of two
important telegrams to Mr. Neff from Mr.
Ford and to Mr. Ford from Mr. Neff.
In speaking of the result, Mr. Ford
said:
"The final result is written in the laws
enacted by the Fifty-fourth Congress and
will ever stand as a notable example of
the result cf united and narmonious effort
upod the part of" California's representa
tives in the National Congress."
In conclusion Mr. Ford said that the
loundation for ultimate success has been
laid, but there is still much work to be
done. The first matter to engage the at
tention of the association is that oi agree
ing upon a definite line of policy to be
pursued by the friends of hydraulic min
ing.
Mr. Ford's expenses amounted to over
$3200, and he was obliged to draw upon
his own resources at times. It was decided
to give him $100 for his servics. A reso
lution offered by Charles G. Yale thank
ing Mr. Ford and tne friends at Washing
ton Mho helped in the cause was enthusi
astically passed. A few remarks were
made by tne Hon. Grove L. Johnson, who
said he had done all in his power to help
the cause, and he promised to do what he
could in the same cause when Congress
assembles again.
The executivecommitteedecided to hold
the next California Miners' Association
convention on the second Tuesday in
November. This was in order to pass the
exciting times of the coming campaign,
and when the miners will be able to give
their attention to future wort instead of
politics.
Hon. Tirey L. Ford had been voted $1000
as a fee for his valuable services to the
miners of the State to defray expenses, etc.
Yesterday, however, he declined the fee,
sending the committee a letter of explana
tion.
WILL TEST THE LAW.
Tho First Hydraulic Mining Suit Under
the Caininetti Act Xoiv on
Trial.
The case of the Government against the
North Bloomfield Gravel Mining Company
came up for hearing in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday. The arguments
of the opposing council consumed the en
tire day, and Attorney Devlin for the de
fense had not concluded when the hour
for adjournment came. He will probably
close his argument to-day, when tne case
will be submitted to Judge McKenna.
The present suit is really an action
brought to test the validity of the Ca
ininetti act regulating mining by hy
draulic process. The contention of the
Government as outlined by Assistant
United States Attorney Knight is that if
hydraulic mines used streams at all it was
necessary to get, a permit from the debris
commission. Ttjis was imperative even
though no actual damage was done the
stream.
Attorney Cross, representing the Bloom
field people, said his company had the
right to mine regardless of the debris
commission, though he would not under
taKe to say that the law was unconstitu
tional. Garner held that the act was un
constitutional, contending further against
the right of the Government to secure an
injunction because the original complaint
did not allege tnat any injury to the
stream had actually been done.
For Stealing a Clock.
Mrs. Elizabeth Scott, who at one time was
one of the fashionable dressmakers in the
City, was arrested yesterday for petty larceny
on the complaint of Mrs. Mary Lynch. She
was immediately released on bonds. Mrs.
Scott sold out to Mrs. Lynch and went East, re
turning recently. Mrs. Lynch accused her of
stealing: a clock, but Mrs. Scott claimed it was
her property and refused to part with it.
Hence the arrest.
Scene at the Trial of Capitalist Lane, Charged With Abominable Crimes. Julia Christiansen on
the Witness-Stand.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
SOUGHT DEATH
WITH HER SON,
Tied Him to Her With a
Rope and Jumped
Into the Bay.
MOTHER'S INSANE ACT.
They Are Rescued in Time by
Sailors From the River
Steamer San Joaquin.
WHAT LED TO THE ATTEMPT
The Woman Is Mrs. Annie Mitchell,
Arrested lor Slashing a Horse
With a Razor.
The possibility of being sent to jail and
separated from her son so worked upon
Mrs. Annie Mitchell that she attempted
MRS. ANNA MITCHELL AND HER CHILD.
yesterday afternoon to drown herself and
the boy in the bay.
Mrs. Mitchell is the woman who slashed
a valuable horse in the neck, severing its
jugular vein, with a razor, on Eighth
street, near Folsom, during the bicycle
parade, Saturday night, July 25. Tae
horse belonged to E. V. Sullivan, 222
Ninth street, and was being driven by "W.
J. McMullen when it knocked down and
ran over Mrs. Mitchell's 5-year-old son
John. The woman in a tit of passion at
tempted to cut McMullen with a razor, but
he evaded her and she then slashed the
horse in the neck.
McMullen on the following Monday
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court charging Mrs. Mitchell with cruelty
to animals. She was arrested on Tuesday
by Policeman T. J. Colemau, who is at
tached to the Pacific Coast society, and
created a scene in the City Prison.
Friends c?me to her rescue and she was
released on bonds. The case was to come
up for trial this morning, having been
continued for a week.
The woman gave signs of mental aber
ration, aud the fact of her arrest and
probable conviction has apparently driven
her crazy. "Yesterday afternoon she wan
dered down to the water front with her
boy and walked along till she pot to
Green-street wharf. She got a piece of
hay rone, wound it tightly ronnd the
boy's body, then tied the ends round her
waist and jumped off the wharf into the
bay, carrying tbe boy with her.
The river steamer. San Joaqnin was
lyint: alongside the wharf and the sailors
had noticed the woman's peculiar actions.
When they saw her jump into the bay
one of them piunged into the water and
swam toward her, while two others sprang
Into a boat and rowed rapidly in the same
direction. The woman and boy had dis
appeared, but quickly rose again and her
clothing fortunately tept them afloat till
the sailors reached them. They were
dragged into the boat, rowed ashore and
sent to tbe Receiving Hospital in the
patrol wagon.
Neither seemed to b« any the worse for
the submersion, and after bein? attended
to by Dr. Stice the woman was placed in
one of tbe insane cells and the boy in
Matron Kean's ward.
"What did I do it for?" said Mrs.
Mitchell in answer to a question. "They
are persecuting me for cutting the horse
and I know they want to send me to jail
for a long time ao they can get me away
from my boy. I couldn't live without
him, so I thought it best to die and take
him with me. I am sorry we were not al
lowed to drown.
"Why should they persecute me for
cutting the horse? I 9»w my boy covered
with blood and, thinking he was dead, I
became a machine and did not know what
I was doing. Every mother would have
done as I did/
Then sne became excited and delivered
a long tirade of abuse against different
people whom she blamed for persecuting
her. She will be taken before the Insanity
Commissioners this morning.
JUDGE WALLACE DEFIED,
A Child Witness Refuses to Give
Testimony When Ordered
to Do So.
Julia Christiansen Is in Jul and Will
Not Tell Her Story Unless
Released.
"I won't testify," said a childish voice
in Judge Wallace's court yesterday.
The attorneys in the case started to their
feet, the bailiff rapned for order, the clerk
gasped for breath and his Honor frowned
severely.
"Why not?" asked the Judge.
"W ell, the policemen sent me to the
Magdalen Asylum and they promised me
they wouldn't and I ain't going to say a
word unless they let me out." It was
Julia Christiansen who thus defied the
court. She had been summoned to testify
in the case of the people against Peter F.
Lane, the old man charged with maltreat
ing little girls.
Julia is a stoop-shouldered misß of 14,
with li«;ht hair, blue eyes, thick lips,
broad face and hiuh cheek bones.
If half ihe stories told of her be
true, Julia ia a very bad girl. It is
said that she induced other girl 3, yonneer
even than herself, to visit the apartments
of the aped sea captain, who is charged
with there abusing them.
Captain Lane's trial beean yesterday.
Litlle Eva Guinasso, 11 years of age, was j
on the stand until late in the afternoon.
She toid in a remarkably clear manner of
how she, Julia Christiansen. Katie Cuneo
and the other children were used to go to
Lane's house and of what took place there.
The witness was, of cours-, much embar
rassed, and some of tbe questions asked
her were necessarily very leading, but nev
ertheless she got on quite well, although
she contradicted herself several times.
Shortly before 4 o'clock Julia Christian
sen was culled to tbe stand. As related,
she refused to testify. She is now con
fined in the Magdalen Asylum, and what
the court can do if she persists in her re
fusal is not apparent. As she is already
in jail she cannot be any more severely
punished for contempt.
As it was so late in the afternoon Judge
Wallace adjourned court until this morn
ing at 10 o'clock. In the mean'inie the
judicial thinking-cap will be kept busy
while its owner endeavors to study out a
scheme to make this female imitator of
Dr. Kuhlman tell what she knows.
The Charter Convention.
Official communications have beec received
at the office of the Merchants' Association
from the Mission Defense Union announcing
the appointment of the Hon. A. W. Thompson
and George Walcom as the two delegates to
represent that club In the Charter Convention;
also, from the Imperial Bicycle Club, an
nouncing the appointment, of ft. L. Radke and
W. L. Maule as the two delegates from that
club.
The following bicycle clubs have been in
vited to send delegates to the Charter Conven
tion, in addition to those already announced:
Bay City Wheelmen, California Cycling Club,
Call Bicycle Club, Crescent Road Club, Golden
Gate Cycling Club, Liberty Cycling Club, Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, Olympic Cyclers, Path
finder B cycle Club, San Francisro Road Club,
Triangle Wheelmen, Wavtrley Cycling Club.
Charles McKeever's Will.
Tho will of Charles McKeever was yesterday
filed for probate. The testator leaves an estate
worth about $7000, half of which is bequeathed
to his wife and the" balance to a brother and
sister of the decer.sed, share and share alike,
excepting $300, which is given in trust for »
niece. Albert F. Kncrp and Thomas Patton
are named as executors.
McKeever died last Saturday and his body
wns removed to the parlors oi the United
Undertakers' Association. In his will, the de
ceased provided thnt his body be delivered to
King Solomon Lodge, F. and A. M. , for burial.
The United Undertakers refused to give It up,
so Judge Slack was appealed to by the execu
tors. His Honor ordered that disposition be
made according to the wishes oi the deceased.
In Contempt of Court.
When Judge Morrow went to make up
his trial jurors yesterday not all of the
veniremen summoned were present. Those
judged In contc-mpt of court were Herbert E.
Arnold, John Bonner, Thomas J. Gough, Joseph
Simonson and Charles I). Warren. The mar
shal was ordered to produce the delinquent
veniremen in court next Monday. Another
venire of twenty-five was also ordered.
NEW TO-DAT. 1
Danger to
Young Men.
- The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who find slight indi-
cations of a waste in the system that it is
vitally important that such indications be
attended to at once. They should be
checked while such a thing is possible, for
if they ore permitted to continue, instead
of stopping naturally, they will become
greater from day to day. and will, in a few
years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
ous and vital organism.
Young men who notice what they con-
sider light symptoms of weakness do not
realize the danger that lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences, the destruction of nerve tissue,
waste of vital force and power of brain,
loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
impotency. These are the consequences
that follow in the trail of slight evidences
of weakness. . .
CURE IT NOW.
To protect your future manhood, ,to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
your health now. While youth is at hand
to bring happiness and joy, such as comes
to the strong, drive away the cause of de-
pression, bring back confidence, bright
eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally Dy removing the weakness,.
You can do this with
DR. Sam den's electric BELT.
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
Westminster, Orange Co., <al., - j
1 , May 18, 189 G. j -
Dr. A. T. Sandek— Dear Sir: The Belt wnich
IbouelHirom you some time ;aj?o has cured
me My disease was seminal weak ness of five
years' standing. I used all kinds of drugs and
pc tent ■medicines, and i was, -t when* It began
your treatment, in a i. very weak condition,
both from my trouble and the many different
drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your
Belt I found relief, In three weeks a general
improved conditon, and I am r now entirely •
cured. > I cannot say too much in praise of your
Belt. .Yours truly, J. M. HUBBARD.
. a grstefuTdaibyman. v
jl : - . San : Francisco, Cat.; April $, 1896. ; .:
Dr. A. T. Sanpen— Dear Sir: When I got your
Belt * few months ago I wa3 awful nervous
and weak. I was '■ almost i broken ■ down . with
nervous debility, I could - not ' work and could
not sleep. " DuHng the afternoon ! I ' would ; get
so weak I could hardly finish my day's work:
I got your Belt and had only worn it a month
when"l eot my streneth back po = that I could
'. work hard all day without getting tired, and
have been- well and strong, ever since. It is
the best thing I ever used, and I Will always
recommend it.' Yours very truly,
• ; . :•■ :. ED. -M. PIERCE,
Guadeloupe Dairy. Fifteenth avenne aud San
- Bruno road, San Francisco. - ;:
Men who are weak, or who feel any sign
of weakness, should try this famous Elec-
tric Belt, i it will give you > new life ; and
energy. "^ lt cures all the effects of i youth-
ful" errors. Send -} for \ the book. "Three
Classes of Men,' 1 i. which; Dr. Sanden will
send, closely, sealed, free on application.
Call or address ,' • '■■% ■-■ ' : -' ■ "
7 SANDEN ELECT WC; COJ;.^
630 Market Street, San Francisco, '■
Opposite Palace Hotel. ;; Office hours: : 6 a. M. :10
8:30 v. it... Sundays, 10 to 1.
." (Consultation Free and invited. .' .
' ... OFFICES AT: ..■; - ;.-_;
J/JS ANQELEH, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR, Jl
- JtUijjfiHHl.^Caawftjr. 1 253 Wnaidngtoa atretT: I
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
last WEEK OF
CLEARANCE SALE!
,' - -' - . ■■..-. - V -
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT!
150 pairs GUIPURE AND HAMBURG NET CURTAINS, regular ©O 7* Per
price to close at ..:... ti ...... '.*&&• I " Pair.
Broken lines of $8 and $9 IRISH POINT CURTAINS, to close at..... Q/» A A Per
100 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, former prices $9 and $9 50, to ©7 KA Per
: close at .....•,-.-.... ;................. • •<*" Pair;
Broken lines of LA PARIS CURTAINS, former prices $8 50 and $9, to <j»ft (}|) Per ,
close at.............. $O.UV Pair.
40 pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, former price $5, to close at...... „ <j*4 A A Per
............:.......:.... tgV±.UU Pair.
REMNANTS OF ALL KINDS AT HALF PRICK
SXJ HABLA ESFAZ^OIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue,
VIXjXjE! J33E3 &AJFULIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
SMFR4WO&SORTHPI.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Xlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 . a.m.: 18:3SL
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. if Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— trips at 1:99
and 11:30 p. if.
6DND A YS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. *.; 1:30, B:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. H. •
■ San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10. 11:10 A. it.
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. U. Saturdays-Extra trip*
at 1:55 .p. if. and 6:35 p. m. .
BTJKDAYS-7:35, 9:oo, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, .25 p. K. .•'■'".-.■ «• » «•»
Between San Fnncisco and Schuetzea Park saoM
schedule as above. .
. ljeare ■ Tn«ffprt i Arrive
Ban Franclsca A p*ii^ .SanFranclsca
WKK* I BPN-- u-JhSSi^J. SDlf - ! Wmk~
Days. pays, "e»tln*tloii^ pays. |. Days. _
7 :80 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 ax
8:30 l-M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 Pl* i 10:10 AM
6:10 pm ! 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7.30 pm 6:16 pit
" I Fulton, = ■■.- . .
7:30 am ; Windsor, 10:10 am
lHealdsburg,
. I Geyser ville, .
8:80 pm 7:30 AM I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~ r ~~- ~" '" j Vieta, " '■■. ■■
7:30 am ! Hopland <fe 10:10 am
8:30 pm 7:80 am | Uklah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 am . ,I ■. ~ ~ ■■ 10:10 am
: , 7 :30 am Guernevlile. 7 :30
3:30 pm " ' 6:15 PM
7:80 amj7:3O am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
■ -■ - ;■-;•.> - and :. ••■ . . ,;-..,-
-6:10 hi 1 6:00 pm Glen* Kllen. [ 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:30 am! S eh»«tonol 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
B:3Opm|s:oOpml BeD *«opol. | 6:05 tm| 6:16 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllie for Skastcs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lak*port;-at
HopUnd for Lakeport and Bartlett Spring*; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
I Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, upper Lake, Porno, Pottef
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, l.ierley's. Buck'
Dell's, Sanhedrin -Heights, HullviUe, Booneville,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. • Mendocino City,
fort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, Wiliets, Cahto, C»>
Yelo, Lay tonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
- . Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ■ ■■- =■ a--:?: -■-;-.: •>?..•,,!■-.-.■.. -,-- v .....-..-.;.•-.-•:.,,■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
: Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bnndlnj,
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RY AN, .'. :
...... ' en. Manager. . Gen. Puss. AgenL
Atlantic ""^^^g^
V KAILBOAD > P^^^-^^^^
Trains leave and arrive at JK^^^TBVH^^BI
JAarkei-Sireet Ferry. mrrf^FSHHB
SASTA FE EXPRESS. §Br|i
To Chicßsro via A. & I , \SgJsjg3gpUTg|
Leaves *very ' day. ; at 6 p. . M.^"c*irr. lus^t'uliman
Palace ? Drawing-room : Sleepers," also Modern I p.
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, : with clean linen
and bedding and In chance of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. < Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. • -.
Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. . :. : - .
■■■ The best .* railway j from' California to the East. !
New rails, new lies;* no dost: interesting scenery; ;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ■„ , ■ r, .
. ':;, Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
■.".*:?..•.. H Chronicle Building..
Telephone Mala. 1531. ■
I|S MANHOOD BESTORED«S^
nr '< 1 5 Sf KiS .'<p^ iSt ' *' on °* a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\l\ /■ i I \\% ' IT" * voub or diseases of the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood,
•>i 'hStkl XL' JLuJ Ir>Bomiiia,Painsln the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility.
V tt&QL * yi&X&f Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Eihaustinu Drains, Varlcocele and
\^ :/* V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night « Prevents quick.
i:"--:N>^/ ■.■"-" : >XiJ/ -■■; . -' ness of discharge, which if notcheclced leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE: ' lynirrro '• all the horrors of Impotenc jv CWPIDEHE cleanses theliver, th«
atruHt and «r i &.M the urinary onransof all imparities.
1 CUPIDESE strengthens and restores small weak organs. : ._- '
&*&c The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is becanna ninety per cent are troubled with
E*roatatltl ■. COPIDENE is the only Icno»»n remedy to cure without an op* ration. 6000 tost IrnonU
aN. A written gnarantpp given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
|JLOO a box, six or $&.<», by mail. Send for Vhxk circular and testimoniata. ; . ■ - ■
▲ddreM DAVOL M..&DICIMJC CO.i 1170 Market street, San Francisco,' Cal. For sale by '
AaiuwH^Aiwu »«««w«i«w«« . HHOuk'S' . 1-HAHMAUY. 11& Powell ura<L
RAILROAP TBAYEU 'J
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31,
And livery Fifth Day Thereafter, \
Leave from 8. P. Co.'a Ferry Landing, foot of
■ Market He, at 8:00 p. m.
CDCPIAI ) 0i f| Including Berth,
Of blllML ( Ul U Tourist Sleeper.
DATCC v 010 ™-c la Including
RATES ySi M Berth, Standard
" n * *" w w§ ** Sleeper.
For further Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), 8. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. ■ Gen. Pass. Aft.
■ SOCTUBBM pacific COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTrM. )
Tri»lit» leave nod nr« tine to arrive at
. . .SAN FBAKCISCO.
iravi: '—" From June 7,' 1396. — Aimrvj
'•«:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7 iUO a Atlantic Express, Og.len and I'.ast.. *-4.-i»
7:00 a. Benida, VacaTiUe, EumscT. Sacrar
mento, Orovilla and Bedding vis
Dam ««45f
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
'• - toga and Santa- Rosa CtlSi
■:30a Niles, - Sail . Jose, Btocktou, lone.
_ Sacramento, llarjsvillo and Res
Bluff 4:15r
•8:30 a Peters and Milton »7:15*
»:«»<> a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles - 4:4.1*
C:00a Martinez and Stockton...... 11:43*
0:00 a Vallejo 6:15*
liOOp Niles, San Jose and Liver ore S:ISa
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »0:00f
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations. ....... t??4Bl
4:00r Martinez. San Hanson. VaUejo,
r Napa, Calistoga, El Vesrauo tud
Suutallosa 9:1S A
«:«0p Benida, . VacaTilie, , Woodland,
Knights ' Landing, £ MarysyiUs,
Oroville and Sacramento ......... 1»i45»
4:30p Niles, San ; Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7il»r
4:B#r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
' Yosemite) and Fresno IIi4JU
SiMp New Orleans ISxprcss, Fresno, Bakers*
•leld, Santa linrbara, l.os AngelesL
Den Jug, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
Sast lOiISa
OiOOr Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express •> ■■■
for Mojave aud East 1C:18a
5:00p Vallejo 11:13 a
6:0 Of European Mall, Ogtleu and Kast.... O:4Sa
6:O»i- 11 ay wards, Nil.siiml .Sail Jose 7:45*
t?iO«K- Vallejo.. t"v*Bp
7:OOp Oregon Express, .Sacramento, Marys-
■•••■; ville. Redding, I v ortlaud, . l'uget
bound ami Kaat I0:1»a
' SASTA t!IU!Z lUVlsio.N (.Narrow Uangej. ~
"■J7i4SA Santa Cruz Excursion, Han Cruz
.. and Principal Way Stations JS:»3*
SilHa Newark,Centervillo,San.lose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
8tat10n5........ 3iS«r
*l:15r Newark, Centcrvllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, l''elton, Boulder Creek,
Santa . Cruz ; and Principal . Way
Stations ;...'.... *11i20 A
|4:lSp Newark, Ran Jose and T.o* (.'fttos....' 1T»:50a
COAST J)1VISION (iliinl .1 Toniisenii St*.)
■•0:43 a San Jose anil Way Stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 9:47 a
?7i3oa Sunday « Excursion for San Joikl
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations t»:3sr
VilffA San . .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
"Pacific Grove, Paso Roblcs, Sas
J.uis Ol.iepo, Guadalupo and Piin-
: Tipal Way Stations .............. 7:03 r
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations tls3op
, |U:lua San Jo—.'rid Way .Stations siO«p
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30?
•2:30p San Maten, Menlo Park, Haa Jos*
** Gilroy, Tres ■■ Pinos, Santa Cms,
SalinaB,Honterey and *IQ>4oa
•8:»Op San Jose, Paciiio Grove and Way
Stations *l; 30»
•4iBOp San Jose and Way Stations •j»:i»Ia
S:3Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations •.*>:■!«*
«:3Op San Jose and Way Stations 0:3,1 a
1II:45i- San Jose ami Way Stations :... +7:43 p
: SAN LbAM)lt() AMI HAVWAltl>> UMAL.
»»6:OOa"1 ■ •.. •-. .. -' ( 7:15 a
8:00 a I 19:444
iS.Oot Melrose, Seminary Park, i?|lgj
a e-Si}p Fltchbmrg, 8h [ "J \
3:00p "* ■ 4:45r
4:00p ' ' 5:43?
g|O«P Harward*. ; f;J£
7:«0p ' ' : ! v Bt4!Jl
; 9 : OO p i Runs through to Niles. I ]o:5Or
UllilSpj tFromNiles. I f)l2:OOT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS /IUSCISCQ— Fcot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 I 9.r>o 11:00 A.M. U;flO . '2:00 }3:CO
. •4:00 , r 15:00 •6:ooi'.M.
from OiSUSa-Fcot of Broad v i jr.— «0:00 8:01
10:00 a.m. Jl2-.00 •1:09 ■ • *2;00 *3:00 tI:CC
»3:00r.M. •■■■--■■■ - ■-. .-, -■..,■ ■ . •
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. ■■ t Saturdays only
"■•*■- ' X Sundays only.
• <♦ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
_S frvtiinlajM arA Sundays for Santa Cruz.
JSORTH PACIFIC CO AST RAILROAD
. ' (Via Sausalito Ferry),
from San Francisco, ■!>.■<! lug June 15, 18961
: WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and 'San Rafael — 7:00, »BtOo
•9:15 10:16, 11:46, a. U.; *IUS, 3:20, 4:l*
6:1&, »6:00. 6:35 P. If.
Extra trips ' for San ; Rafael on Mondays, Wedne»
cays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■ • " '-'■ -■■■■••, SUNDAYS.
Wot Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00,' •9:00,
•10:OO.11:80a. m.; »1 :30, *2:16. *4:00,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Kzira trip to Hauaalltoat
- 11 :0U a. if. ; ,
Trains marked • run to San Qaentin. **12iSt
r. x. does not run to Mill Vs.:?». •
THKOUOH TRAINS.
For Point Beyes ana way stations— B:oo a. U.
Saturday*: 9 a. if. Sundars; 5:16 r. M. weekdays.
For. Point Reyes, Cazadero and way station*-^
g*)o A. K. Sunday: 1:45 p. M. weelcdaym.- ' - • •'• •
g 3
%S^^2o MARKET S.T.S.f.^t^
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
feUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Low prifos for Coal promised.
Wheat weak. Freights firmer.
Silver stationary.
Brewing Barley lower.
Oats quieter. Corn aud Rye dull.
Hay arriving legs heavily.
No change In Flour.
Beans about the same.
Potatoes cheap. Onions steady.
Green Corn lower.
pickled Butter coming into use.
C heese steady. Eggs still improving.
Two cars Eastern Poultry in.
Peaches, Pears and Plums lower.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Berries In better tone.
Speculators breaking Prunes.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides ana Leather dull.
Wool and Hops demoralised.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb lower.
Coffee quiet
THE CO At TRADE.
The private etrcaUr of L Steuart gives the re
ceipts of coal at this port for the first seven
months of 1898 at 721,300 tons, against 755,700
tons for the same time last year, and says: "Since
the last issue of my monthly circular the strike at
the Australian coal mines has been settled, all
the mines being now in full operation, and coal
from there I- selling tor shipment at lower prices
than ever before known to the coal trade. This of
course assures to the consumers low-priced fuel
for many months to come. English Anthracite
coal is also being offered for shipment at very low
rates "
Ft p " hii.iTl on.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. if any, the amount Of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect- poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and Accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear .on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coas.. and the isobars extend
north and south along the coa«t. rain is probable;
bat when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. with a "high" in : he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather ninv be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result. -
WEATHER BI'REAU REPORT.
T'MTICD STATKS DKPARTMEN-T OF ASKICUI/-
Tt-RE Weather Bcreau, San Francisco, a ug.
4. 1896. 5P- m. Wea'.her conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eu reka t>6, Fresno 92, San Diego 72, Red Bluff
94, .*an Luis Obispo 74, Yuma 102, San Francisco
66. Los Angeles 76.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 53, mean 59.
The pressure is highest this evening in Wash
ington, and lowest In Montana and North Dakota,
where a well-defined depression is central. Rain
has fallen in Montana and the Dakota* and in the
Lower Columbia River Valley: elsewhere fair
weather prevails. The temperature has risen in
Eastern Oregon and Northern Nevada and Cali
fornia, and fallen decidedly in Montana. No
marked changes are anticipated in the next 24
hours.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, Angus' 5, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday : brisk to
high westerly winds on the coast. . .. •
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh to
brisk westerly winds.
Nevada and Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday: warmer, except sta
tionary temperature at Yuma.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
brisk westerly winds, high in the afternoon.
W. ii. Hammon,
Local Forecast official.
NEW YORK MARKJSIS.
Financial.
• NEW YORK, N. V.. Aug. 4— ln the first fifteen
minutes' business at the Stock Exchange this
moruin z the market was active and excited,
prices dropped anywhere from 1 to 3% per cent
under heavy offerings for.both accounts. The de
moralization was due to the announcement of the
failure of M oore Bros, of Chicago. The firm had
neon intimately connected with the Diamond
Mutch Company and the New York Biscuit Com
pany: . and their suspension wbs a great surprise
ere. The report that the liabilities of the con
cern were $5:0.000.000 was not generally credited.
New York has hud very little lnteres: in the
shares of the Diamond Match Company, which
it l-i understood brought about the embarrassment
of the Moores, and after the break at the opening
in the Western railroad and industries local opera
tors were inclined to take a calmer view of the
situation. The failure will undoubtedly have some
influence on the. money market later on, and to
this extent it will be reflected in stocks. To-day
call loans were worth 3@HVi 1 er cent at one time,
but near. the close borrowers were accommodated
at lVfe@2 per cent. • -•;• - 1 -
In time loans bankers have raised their rates to
6i/., pi r cent, and the commercial paper market Is
decidedly suffer. At the op ning the grangers,
the industrials and other issues which are traded
in by Western operators suffered the heaviest
losses. Later on it was reported from Chicago
that a movement was on foot to protect Diamond
Match stock, and this checked the selling move
ment at the local board. -Near the close the early
sellers endeavored to cover and the prominent
issues rallied Vh@- s/ » per cent, speculation closed
firmer in ton.-. .Net changes, however, show a
decline of Vt@ 2 Vi percent. Total sales were only
lK r >.112 shares.
Bonds were lower. Sales . were $483,000.
-American Cotton wil debenture eighths fell 2% to
iO^. Alchiison general fours IV* to 7'2@72Va. «o
adjustment fours % to 32, Brooklyn rllevated
sixes 5 to 78, - Chicago and Northern Pacific first
fives certificate 1 to 32. Hannibal and St. Joe con
solidated sixes 2 to 114. Kansas and Texas fours 1
to 78, Louisville ■ and New Albany and- Chicago
general fives 1% to ; 90, Northern . Pacific ■ first
sixes 34 to 110, Oregon Navigation finking fund
sixes a to 106 and Western Pacific first sixes 3
to 98. ■■
. In, Government' bonds $10,000 registered five*
soli! at t«4. • :
• ■■•■-•■ '"" " " Grain.' M '
, FLOCK— Quiet. Winter wheat, low - trades,
$1 7(@2 60: do fair to fancy, 82 40@3 40;
do pa cuts. 93 45(^3 75: Minnesota clear, $2 40
2 30:. do straights, $2 95iai:-i 40: ao patents, s3 15
fa 4 20: low extras. $1 70@2 50: city mills, $3 90;
an patents. .84 lU(a4 35: rye mixture, $2 400)
2 90: superfine, $1 6U@215: fine. SI 50@2. South
ern flour, dull and steady: common to fair extra,
*•-'<£ S 80; good to choice do. $2 60@2 90. ..,, Hye
flour, emu, eisy, $" 4f@2 70.
. COK>MtAJ.— Quiet; yellow Western, 82 05@
2 JC.
"in X— Dun: Western. 3~y 3 c f. o. b.
KAKLEY— Quiet; 49 pounds, 331/2 C f. o. b.
BAULKY MALT— DuII: -Western. 48@53c.
HI-. AT— Dull. Him-;: No. 2 i.o.,r>. "Si/fee;
ungraded red, 69@69c; No. 1 Northern, 66»/ic. ■
Options , iiecllm-rt ,~V2(<* 5 4 con " the .financial
trouble West, rallied %'^?4 con local covering and
bettor West,- with son foreign buying, closing
firm at lc over yesterday with a I moderate trade
September and December most active. No. 2 red
closed: Angus?, 635/gc: September, 64 14 c; Decem
ber. 66 1,4 c. -r '
COP.N— DuII; firmer: No. 2, 31i/ 8 c elevator;
. 3-; 1 /8 c afloat.
upiiotiK were du:i and firm at l A'^ l /x c In advance.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhfcELOCK & CO.,
4 . Lsidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
- , branch orrrcß ' '' "
»28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
' J. S. PUKDY, Manager. *
Orders instantly., executed on latent, market quo*
■.-..-■ tat lons. Reference Ist National Bank, B. F. '
VHtCAOO. r_lVAfiti wiKii. __W YORK.
with the West and local covering; October and
August most active; August, 311/sC; September,
31V»": October, 81*4. •
Oa Tan-Firm. -■■• ; - -V .:-
Options nominally firm, neglected; August, 23c:
September. 22% c: October. 226/jjc. ., •
Spot prices: No. 2. 23@t!3%c: No. 2 white. 26®
26M>c;No.-2 Chicago, 238/40: No, 3. 22y a c: No. 3
white, 24V»C: mixed : Western: 23VSs@24c; white
do, -Tjcjolc; white State, 'J7@3lc.
. 2'rovisionji. .
LARD— Steady. Western steam closed at *3 55;
city, $3 15@3 20; refined, firm; continent, 83 96;
south American, $4 50: compound, 3S4@4c
PORK-Quiet, firmer. New mess, *8 75@59.
BUTTER— Quiet. Western dairy. 9@l2c: do
creamery, HV2@l6c; do factory. 8®llc; Elgms,
15c .
■ CHEESE— Quiet. Part skims, 2@sc; full skims,
l@l%c.
jiGOH-snady, quiet; fresh, ll@l2i^c; do per
case. $l(cs'2 70. ' • ' •• .
'1 ALLOW— DuII. City, So; country, 3@3ysC.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet. Crude, 19@20c;
yellow. 22y 2 (g23c.
RlCK— Quiet, steady. Domestic, 3@5« / ic;*3apan,
4@4i4c.
M LASSES— Quiet. New Orleans, 27®37c
' COFFKE-Closed steady; 15 to 20 points up.
August, $10 20©10 25; September. $9 75@59 80:
October, *9 35<a9 50: December, $910@9 2o; Jan
uary," $9 15@9" 20: March, *9 10@9 15: May
$9 io: June, *9 10. Spot Rio, easy, quiet; No. 7'
Ili^c
SUGAR— Baw, firm, quiet; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugals. 3%c; refined, steady, quiet and un
c hanged.
Fruit and Produce.'
APRICOTS— NominaI, B@9c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 13@14c: nnpeeled, 6y 2 ®
8y 2 c.
PRUNES— Four sizes nominal, 4»4@5c ■
RAISINS — Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3%@4c;
do three-crown. B@sJ^c; do »our-crowu, oVjc;
do London layers, $1 10@l 15; do clsuters, $1 25
@1 40. • . : ■•• :
HOPS— DuII, quiet; State, common to choice,
3@7^>c; Pacific Coast, 3#6V2C.
WOOL-Dull; domestic fleece, 16®22c; pulled,
IMS33c; Texas, 17@22c.
Merchandise.
Fin iron— Steady, quiet; American, $10 25®
10 60.
COPPER-Easier; lake. 811 10.
LEAD— Easy: domestic, *2 85.
Quiet; straits, 4-13 45(^13 50; plates,
I quiet, steady.
SPJiLTEK-Dull: domestic. 83 90.
CHICAGO MAKKKXS.
CHICAGO, > Ili-. Aug. The topic of interest
on the Board of Trade this morning was the news
of the failure of the Moore Bros., and conjecture
was general as to what . the effect on Diamond
Match and New York Biscuit would be, and In
torn they would affect wheat. Before the market
opened occasion was taken to hammer prices on
I the curb, and first official figures were about a
cant under yesterday's final ones. But the pit was
well supplied with buying orders at the start, indi
cating no lack of confidence, and prices generally
rallied considerably. Board of Trade people have,
as a rule, been bearish 01' the securities ado ye re
ferred to, and as shorts they would be the bene
ficiaries of a slump. In prices. .. Receipts were lib
eral. Chicago having 26 i cars, and the Northwest
480. Liverpool opening cables' were firm. Local
inspections >rom store were -69.800 bushels, and
490,641 Dushels cleared at the seaboard. The
amount on ocean passage decreased 1,040,000
bushels. The world's' shipments last week
amounted to 4,908.000 bushels. Sales of cash
wheat aggregated , 100,000 bushels, for Eastern
shipment communicated additional firmness to
prices. Closing Continental and English cables
were all higher. Bradstreet's reported a decrease
in the world's visible supply of 3,152.000 bushels.
September wheat "opened at from 673 4@58c, ad
vanced to 5884 c, closing at 58%@58%c, a shade
under yesterday. Estimated receipts lor to-mor
row, 125 cars.' '
CORN— Opening on corn was weak and lower, on
account of the influence exerted by the closing of
the local stock '■ exchange and the financial esti
mate of the capitalists already referred to. There
was nothing particular about the trade, however,
and the feeling soon became more confident. Liv
erpool cables were firm and %d higher. The
amount on ocean passage increased 960,000 bush
els. Export clearances amounted to 178.865
bushels- Bradstreet's gave an Increase in stocks
of 1,905,000 bushels. September corn opened
from •J4Vi»(s24s. / c advanced to i5B/gc, closing at
2 518©-' s l4c, 1/4 C higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 824 cars.
OATS— Displayed sentiment similar to that pre
vailing In the other markets. Trade was not
heavy enough to admit of any demonstration of
either weakness or strength, the market showing
a slow and indifferent action. Receipts were 44^
cars, and 88.100 bushels were inspected from
store. Export clearances amounted to 76.816
bushels- Bradstreet's reported a decrease in
stocks of 258,000 bushels. September oats closed
unchanged from yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 220 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, Northwestern, 82% c;
Southwestern, 7iy z c; these bein; the closing
prices. September, 71i4@71»4c; December, 74c.
Receipts were 69 cars.
PROVISIONS — The story of an anticipated
squeeze in September pork by Montreal people
had the effect of arousing shorts to a sense of
danger this morning, and their purchases, with
those made for the account of Armour, advanced
prices in this market q uite sharply. The strength
continued all through the session, punctuated by
flurries and scrambles to buy. At the close Sep
tember pork was 90c higher, September lard be to
7-V»c higher, September ribs 10c to I2V2C higher.
BUTTER— Firm, with desirable stock very
scarce. Business was as active as possible under
the circumstanc s.
Creameries- Extras, 14c: firsts, 12%@13%c;
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, 10@llc
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, 10V2 c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9Vasiloc; firsts, B@i V c; packing
stock, 7@7y a c. mart
ECKiS — offerings were free and demand slow.
Fresh stock sold a: 2 @loc $ do^en.
MONEY— Was 6@7% on call and time loans.
New York exchange sold at $1 discount.
Closine Prices.
wIT AT— August. 68c: September, MS/ 8 @
688,40: December, 61c.
CORN— August 2 @24%c- September. 25i/g@
25cy 4 ; May. 28y a @28%c.
OATS- September. 19% c: May, 203^
PORK— September. $7-6: January, *7 17%.
LAKL— September, S3 37y 3 : January, *3 70.
Septemoer, $3 52V 2 : January, $3 66.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ili., August 4.—
The receipts of cattle to-day were light. f The de
mand was good, and prices held steady at yester
day's decline. Offerings of hogs were light. A good
inquiry was noted, prices ruling strong and s@loc
higher. The sheep market was strong.
CATTLK— Receipts. 3000. Fancy beeves. *4 45
f>4 60; choice 10 nrime, 1301) to 1800 tt> steers,
4 25(34 40; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 16,
84 10(a,4 20; medium steers, 1100 to ) 300 tb. $3 80
@4 05: common to fair steers. 960 to 1200 lbs,
$3 25 @ 3 75: rough Western -; steers, $2 - 90@
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 lbs, $3 <gi 3 75:
stocker>. $-' 6Ofa)3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 85@3 26; bulls, poor to choice, $1 70
@'<! 80: cows and' heifer*, extra. 83 75<i£4;
cots, fair to choice, $2 30@3. 60: ' iows,
common to fair canners. $1 26@2 25; calves, good
to choice. 85 0' (n 5 40: calves, common to good,
$3 00@4 90: Texas grass steers. $2 45@3 10:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 5002 60; .-stern range
steers, $<s 75@3 80; Western range cows and
heifers. $2 10(q,3 33; milkers and springers, per
head, $20 @ 40.
j HOGS— Receipts. 7000. Heavy packing: ana
shipping lots. $2 95(53 30: common to choice
mixed, $3 06@3 40: choice assorted, $3 35®
3 65: tight. $3 20@3 65: pigs, 82 HOta.3 55.
BUKii*- Receipts. 13,000. ■ interior to choice,
*2@3 26; iambs, $3u,5 85.
CALIFORNIA : FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 4.-Porter Bros.
Company sold to-day at open auction: Pears—
Bartletts, $1 70@2 10 per box. - Plums— Burbants,
32 30 per half crate; Egg, $1 10@l 65: Bryan Sil
ver, SI 40; Japan, $1 35; other varieties, 85c@
8130. Prunes — Tragedy, 95c@$l 60 per half j
crate: German. 81 15@1 20. Grapes— Fontain- i
bleau, $1 10(g,l 50 per half crate. Peaches—
$1 10@l 15 per box; Crawford 65c@Sl 15; cling,
$1 10. : ■ - . ■
CHICAGO. 111., Aug. 4.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at - the following prices
to-day: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 20©l 35 per half
crate; German, $1 40; Ciros, 81 25&1 50. Plums— '
Bradshaw, $1 15@1 45 per half crate; Quacken
bos. 81 40: Colombia, $1 lOiai 20: Ei;g, Sl(<oi 15;
Purple Duane, $1 25@1 35. Pears — Bartlett,
$1 30@l 50 ' per box. Peaches— Foster, 6U@Boc;
Crawford, ; 55@85c; St. John, ■ 65c. Grapes— Fon
talnbleau, $1 35 per half crate, x?.-*
NI.W \UKKi : STOCKS.'-
Bond*. Kxchang«, Money »nil Railroad
...rSliare*. ..
Money on call has been firm at lV4@3Vi'<: last
loan at 2% and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercan
tile paper, 6Vs%- Bar silver, •380/8"- Mexican doi
lars, 5;'6, 8 (a.e4 3 Sterling Exchange is very firm,
with - actual i business in bankers' bills at $4 88@
* 8814 for sixty days and 8 4 89@4 89*4 for de
mand. Posted , rates, $4 t(By-j@4 90. - Commercial
bills, 84 87@4 87V.>- Government bonds steady;
State bonds - neglected : ■ railroad bonds irregular.
Silver at the board was firm. - ■■, ;
Closure, stock*. ■ - '
Am Tel ft Cable-.'. 89 ' [Norfolk & Westrn. 4%
Atchfson...... ...... 10 V 8 Preferred 9y 2
Preferred......... 15% Northern Pacific... ' 5 
Adams Ex press... 145 Preferred ;...;.;." Hl4
Alton, Terre Haute 64 '■ Northwestern.."...*.' 9z^«|
American Express)os' ' Preferred ,;,;148
American 64% N. Y. Central... . 91 ,
Preferred......... 80% X.Y., Chicago** L. 10
BayStateGas :. 16 , Ist preferred..... 66
Baltimore it Ohio.. 15% *2d preferred .... ' 21%
Brunswick Lands.. -% N. Y.& N. H. . 182
buffalo, Roch AP. 10 N. V. & New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific... 56% N. V., Susq A W...' 7%
Canada Southern.. 43Vi Preferred... .. 18
Canton Land....... ,bO% Ontario..-;...*.'...:.. 11%
Central Pacific ... 13 Ontario & Western 1214
Ches. & 0hi0....... j.3 Oregon I mprovmnt • •:%
Chicago A1t0n.... 118 Preferred. —
;■; Preferred... .....: 170- Oregon Navigation- 10
Chicago, B. <& Q.... 61% Oregon Short Line. -;.^ >
Chicaco E. 111... ■ 49% Pacific Mall;' ■ ,17%
,! Preferred.... .... 93 Peoria, D.i Evans h1 %
Chicago Ga5. ....... 60% Plttsburg* W. pfd 15
CleveA Pittsbnrs..l64. Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver... .. li;
Consolidated Ga5.. 141% Preferred 13
C. C. C. & St. Louis '■■ 22 Reading. • : " "-1014
. Preferred......... 72 r. RloGrande&Westn s l5 "
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. ■ 17% ■ Preferred.:.....".. 40
Preferred 80 Rock Island. . 54
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9 , Rome \Vat&Og(len.llo '
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. &s. W. ;** 314 '
Del. Hud50n........ 117% Preferred. 7%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
Del. Lack&Westrn. 149% St. Pau1........ 66
Denver.<tß.G....; 10 ! Preferred 121
Preferred ....... 39% St. Paul & Duluth. 20 .
Distillers. .V.. ... ..V . IOVi 1 Preierred ... ..'..' 87
General Electric... 23%5t. Paul & Omaha. 33%
Erie.:....;..;-....... 1314 Pref erred.'...:...: 115 ■-:-.
Preferred.. ....... 28% St. P. M. & M....:. 107 -
Fort Wayne....;... 162 Silver Certificates. ' 68 /4
Great Northern pfdloB Southern Pacific.:. 17 3 , i
Green Bay .....'.. %iSouthernß. R..... 74
Harlem .;.... .....294 I ; Preferred 19%
Hocking C0a1...... y 8 ! Sugar Refinery ....101%
Hocklns Valley.... 15 Preferred. . . . : . . . 96 ,
Homestake. ........ 84 Term. Coal & Iron, 15%
H. A Texas Cent... Preferred. ..'..' 90 ,
Illinois Centra! . 89% Texas Pacific.:.... ; 6V4
lowa Central....... 6 ToI.A.A-<tN.Mich.
Preferred 21% Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas it Texas... "• 9■ " Preferred.'......-.. 60
Preferred 19 Tol.SuLouis&K-C. 6 .
Kinirstondt Pern..; 3 Preferred.........: 6
Lake Erie <& Westn 14 Onion Pacific ;'/, 5%
Preferred.....:... 61 U. P. Den <fc Gulf.. 1%
Lake 5h0re.. ....... 140 U. 8. Coraage 3%
National -Lead.:.;.- 18% Preferred../...;.. 6*/*
Preferred 808/4 Guaranteed ...... 133/ 4
Long 151 and.....;. .; 68% U. S. Express...... 40
Louisville A Nash. 623 /4 0. S. Leather. 6%
Louisville. N a <SCh 6 Preferred 47
Preferred .... 12% U. S. Rubber. 153/4
Manhattan Consol.' 86 2 Preferred..;. 70.
Memphis & Charts. 16 Utica& B. River. .lso
Mexican Central... ;- 7 ■ \V ab. b. L. <fc Pac. .'.s'.".
Michigan Central.. 92y» Preferred . 13»4
Minn&a JU. ...... IWells-Farg0........ 90 •
Preferred.;....... — - | Western Union 77%
Minn St. Loom. 12%! Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred .62 1 Wheeling AL. X.. 6%
preferred 36 I Preferred......... 236/s
Missouri Pacific.... lß^/iiAm Cotton Oil pfd. 40
Mobile* Ohio 16 W. U. Beef.... 6 3 .4
Nashville <fc Chatt. : 67% Ann Arb0r......... 6
National Linseed.. -14 , Preferred..... 19
N. J. Central 92 Brooklyn Traction. 20
North American... 3 % Krie 2d pid 14
CLOSING BONDS..
V 8 4s, registered.. 108% MX T 2ds ......! 60
Do 4s. coupon 107% • Do 4s. 78 ..
V S 4s new, regstrdll23,4 Mutual Union 65... 108 .
Do 4s, coupon .1123/ i, N J Cent Gen 55.. .1 123,1
Do 25... 93 Northern lets. llo
D 0&5........ 110 Do2ds ...... 105 »
Dobs, coupon.. 110 D03d5.\:........-.i64v
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest C0n5015.139%
Do 1887. ..........100" I Do deb 55..... ...104-
Do 1898 ...... .100 OR & N 15t5.......104 ',-'•
Do 1899....... 100 BtL<felronMtGen 5s 70
Pacific <*s Of '98.... St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 110 j *
DC3-655..... 109y 2 St Paul Consols.... 123
Ala Class A 45..... 100 St P C <fe Pa ..11l
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts..lll ■
LaConsol 45....... 93 Southern RR 55... 8l s 4
Missouri funding.. . Texas Pacific lsts. 76^4
N Carolina con 65.. 115 1 Texas Pacific 2ds.. :16
Do 45........ 95 Union Pac lsts 96.100
So Carolina 4%5... 95 West Shore 45......101
Term new 35....... 70 Mobile <& Ohio 45.. 55
V a funding debt... 53y 2 R Grande West lsts ' 665/ 8
Do registered . Cbes 4 Ohio 5s 103y 2
Do deferred 63... 5 jAtcnlson 45........ 72%
Do trust rcptsst. 4 Do 2ds A.. .....,." 32%
CanadaSouth2ds..loo G H & S A 6s 101
Cen Pac lsts of '9s. 98 Do2d7s ...... 95
Den RU 15t..... 109 H & Tex Cent 65.. 102 ,
Do4s.. 86 Docon 65.. ....... 102
Erie 2d5....'. ... ' 68% Reading 4s 72
Kansas Pa Consols 65 Missouri ba. 100
Ks Pa lats Den divlll (Alabama, class C. 85
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
"LIVERPOOL. Eng., Aug. 4.— The spot market
Is firm at 58 sd@ss 6d. Cargoes dull and weak at
26s 3d, April shipment.
. ' FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Aug
ust, 4s 10% d; September, 4s lid: October, 4s
11-Vid; November, 4s ll%d; December, ss.
• • SECURITIES.
LONDON, . Eng., Aug. . 4. — Consols, 113%;
Silver, 31 %d; French Rentes. lOlf 47%&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........ — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight — nominal
Sterling Cables.' — nominal
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver. %* ounce. — 68%
Mexican Dollars — 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKtt GKAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS- Are firmer at 2653d@27s
6d. usual options, with very little spot chartering.
The chartered Wheat fleet in port, has a registered
tonnage of £9.330, against 27,328 tons on (he same
date In 1895: disengaged, 39,300 tons, against
4138; on -the way to this port, 258.000 tons,
against 384,000.
-. WHEAT— The Robert Lewers takes for Sydney
12,053 ctls, valued at $12,972.
The market continues dull, weak and feature
less. No. 1. 9hc %i ctl; choice, 96% c; - lower
grades, 87%@92%c; extra choice for milling, $1
(0,1 10 9 cv. -'.---
CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
400 tons. 97% c .. ■
Second Session— lo:l6 o'clock— December—
900 tons, 9?%c; 100,973,4 c. ;
Rkoi-lab Mobninq Skssion— December— lsoo
tons, 973 Ac
■■ afternoon Session— December — 200 tons,
97% C ■ ' ' : ': .
BARLEY— Ireed is weak: Brewing is lower. We
quote Feed, 65@67i, 2 c: .Br inp, 72%@75%c. :
.' CALL BOA It ALBS.
Infokmal'Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales,'
Second Session— lo:ls o'clock — No sales.
Regulab .morning Skssion— December— loo
tons, t>7% c : 400, 6 etc. ;-. * •* .'
Afternoon Session— December— 3oo tons, 68c
OATS— I he market is quieting down again.
New Oats are selling at 72y a @80c f* ctl: Old
milling, 85@90c ."$ ctl: fancy feed, 90@92%c
> ctli'eoou to choice, 82yn@90c; common to fair,
72%@77%c; Gray. 80@82%c: Surprise, 95c@
$1 021/j,.
CORN— Quotations continue remarkably uni
form. Large Yellow, 87V->@9sc '$ ctl: Small
Round do, 95@96y4c; White, 77V2@a2%c "$ ctL I
RYE— Dull at 2 @75c ft ctl for old and 66c
for new.
■ BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@950 $ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILL.STUFFS.
FLOUR— Fair : demand at the old : prices. Net
cash prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 60@
3 70? bbi; Bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; superfine,
$2 75@3.
CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 f> ton. •
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Oraham Flour, $'- 10;
Rye Flour, 2 %c; ' Rice Flour. 534 c: Corn meal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oatmeal, s2 90; Oat
Groats, 3%c; Hominy, $'.! IO@:^ 30: .Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 30; Cracked .Wheat. 2%c; Fa
rina, 2 c: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 SO; Rolled
Oats, 3y 2 c; Pearl Barley, 3y 2 c; Split Peas, $3 20;
Green do, 84 10.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF*.
BRAN— $l3@l4 for the best and $12@13 , 60 $
ton for outside brands. - 
MIDDLINGS— 815@1S * ton for lower grades
and $17@18^ ton for the best. .
Ftr DisTL'FFS Rolled Barley, $15: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 821 3* ton: jobbing, $22. . .
' HAY— Receipts have fallen ' off and the marKet
is fairly steady In consequence. Wheat, $7@10;
Wheatand Oat, $6 &o@9; Oat. $6 60@8; Barley,
$6@7 50; River Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa, $5 50(^
6 50 for second and $4 50@f> for first cutting;
compressed, $6@B; stock, $4@5; Clover, $5 00©
7 50.
bTRAW— f, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. '
BEANS— No material change. Trade continues
dull. Bayos, 90@97y 2 c; Small Whites, $I®l 15
V ctl : '■ Pea, $l@l 20 •"$ ctl; '• Large . Whites,
90c@$l 07% 1$ ctl; Pink, 70@80c: Reds, $l<a
1 15: Blackeye, $1 16@1 40: Red Kidney, : 90c;
Llmas. $2@2 40; Butlers, $I@l 40. .-. '- -. -->• - ;
I SEEDS— Brown Mus'ard; SI 50@l 76 ."f)>'ctl;:
Trieste, $2 25@2 76 *.■ ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 60®l 76;Flax,$l 70@l 80; Canary, 2S/ +C
9 Ib; < Alfalfa. 7i/ a @9i/ac %* ib; Rape, 2y 3 ft tt>;
Hemp. 3V2C ""i<n 1 iijriirj iin TtiiilTit
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40* cU for and
$1 26(a<l 50 for Green. .
POTATOES, ONIONS, .VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The demand and supply about bal
ance. ' Sweet Fotatoes*.quotable at 8c ip Ib: Garnet
Chiles, 50@6&c •$ ctl; Early Rose, 35@45c S'ctl;'
Burbank seedlings. 35@46c '# ctl for Rivers and
75@86c for Salinas.
ONIONS-bteady at 40@60c 3 ctl.
VEGETABLES— The only change worthy of note
Is a decline in Corn. New Marrowfat Squash, lc "$
Ib; Green Corn, 40@90c 'ft • sack: Alameda Corn,
81 25®1 76 « crate; Berkeley Corn,.7sc@sl %)
box; Summer Squash, 15@25c foi 1 Bay; Efcg Plant,
40@60c %i large box Tomatoes, 40@50c for Rivers
nno I?><jj2sc for Vacaville: Alameda Cucumbers,
10@25c %i bx: Pickles, 76c for No. 1 and 50@60 for
No. a: Green Peppers, 25@60c large bx for Chile
and : 40@75c %>- box for Bell; Green Peas, 50c@»l ft
sack for common and 2(#2y 2 c ii Ib for Garden; ;
String Beans. 50c@$l %*. skfor common and 2@
2.y 2 c for garden; Li in as. 4@sc: Green Okra, 50®
75c f> box; Cabbage. 40c %t ctl; Carrots, 25@30c
•$ sack; Garlic, %@2c %* &>.
BUTTER, CHJJESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The advance in fresh goods has start
ed buyers upon pickled descriptions, and all grades
except fancy creamery are accordingly weak, i ;
Cbkamery— Fancy, 80c, ; with ' sales 'at an ad
vance: seconds,* 17@10c to. ' . ■■:-.
Dairy— Fancy, 17%@18c 9 Ib: good to choice, I
15%@16%c; lower grades. 12@15c. .
Pickled— l7@lBc %i Ib for creamery and 15@17c
for dairy. - - ■....-. . ---. - .. ,■_'='
■ Firkin- 14 @) 6c %i fb J
Cbeameby Tub— l7@2Oc i* lb. , - -.» v. :,- ; :
CHKESE— Firm at the prices, though there is
rather more on the market. Fancy mild new, B%@
9c 1* Ib; common to good, 6V«@^c: Cream Ched
dar, 10@l Young America, 9~@loc %4 Ib; > est
ern, 10^1 lc; Eastern, ll@l3c ..,;■.,... . .;->..,-.
"j£GGS— Prices continue- to 'improve.; Eastern
are quotable at lo@l6 . $ doz; store Eggs, 12@15c
"9- dozen : lor ' poor 1 and 16@17%Cifor good; ranch
Eggs, .. 20@24c, with .'sales at 25c: cold-storage
ranch, 17(g»18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17c ; ;, - . ..-•-. ,
POILTKY AND GAME. :
: POULTRY— cars . of , Eastern : arrived and
sales were \ made at f 13@15c for Turkeys. $3 for
Ducks, $5 26@5 75 for Hens, $b@s 50 tor young
and old Roosters and $2 50@)3 for Broiler* r*\ "■"': ■■',
'■. ■ Local stock is dull and weak.' Live Turkeys! 13®
14c ? Ib ; for Gobblers. v l2@l3c\'i» • » - for Hens:
young Turkeys, 16@170 '^ Ib; Geese, ,' 9., pair.
— ; Goslings, $I@l 50: Ducks, $2 50®3 * dozen
for i old', : and; $2 60@4 for young: Hens. $3 ; 50(3
4 60: Roosters, ■ young, *I@s; do, old, 54©4 60;
Fryers, $3 50@4- Broilers, $3 ? doz for large ana
$1 50®2 50 foi small; Pigeons, $1 25<&1 60 %* doz
for young and old.
(iA -Ml.— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
;■■.. ORCHID FRUITS— . , ',
Pears anTi Plums are lower. Peaches in bulk are
lower, but ln small ! boxes are doing rather better.
Supplies of Nectarines are lighter. ;'. ■'■' ' -* :
, ; Red Nectarines, 50@75c: White.' 25@50c 3 box.
Peaches, 2 o@4oc %i box, 20@35c :& basket and
$1()@17 f! ton
- Hums, ao@4oc .9 box ; aDd 40@60c $ ; crate;
White in bulk, $ 10@20 ton; colored are not want
ed br the canners; Japanese '■ Plums, 26@40c;
Prunes, 4O@.Soc. ■■ ■}■:,-■ :-'\:-.
Apples, 75c@*l * ' box for choice and 40@60c
for common. - • '■'■
Crabapples, 35@60c V> box. o «^,. m _. ',.
Pears, 2U<a4oc 1f» box; Bartletts, 20@50c 9 box
and $«@ls^ ton. • , < - „ _, _ ■• .
- Figs. 60@75c %i . box for , white and ,76c@$2 for
black, double layers. V ' . : . .
BERRIES— stocks are more moderate and the
market is firmer. ■ v
Strawberries, $2@4 chest for Longworths and
$1 55@3 for large berries. '■
, Raspberneß, $3 50@5 chest. .
Blackberries. S2@3 V chest. ':• . : *- : '
GRAPES-Supplies Ere lighter. Black Grapes,
60@75c: Muscats, 75c: Sweetwaters and Fontaine
bleaux,'2s@soc » box and 35@6(>c^ ■ rate. '
• MELON§_ Watermelons,. $K@l 3 « 100: Canta
loupes, $1 50@3 50 f> crate: .Nutmegs, $1 25@1 50
%>. box. ■• ■ .
.i CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $3@3 50 * box for
Valenclas and $2 50@3 V> box for Mediterranean
Sweets: Lemons $1 50@2 50 3* box for common
and $3@4 for good to choice ; Mexican Limes, $6 50
* box: California Limes, 76c@$l; Bananas, $I@J
%4 bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 50 * dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
■ The -market /or new Fruits Is motionless and
nominal and the occasional nibbles here and there
are hardly sufficient to establish prices. It Is said
that speculators who have ' sold Prunes short are
trying to break the market | by, offering to sell to
New if ork at low prices, so they can fill their con
tracts here and get out. . If a few of these short
speculators were to get bankrupted by their little
game the "Prune industry would be a better and
ssferbusin ss. '
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— New Apricots are quotable
at 6y2<g,b i 3 / i.c f. Ib f. o. b., coast. Old Prunes. 3c;
new Prunes, 3y 2 c.
Jobuinq Pricks— New Apricots, sy2@6S4c: old
evaj orated Apples. 4V2C # Ib; Peaches. 3(^.')C and
6c lor fancy; peeled itr boxes, ll@l2y 2 c p Ib; old
Prunes. 3c for lour sizes: Fias, black, 3%c; White
F!i;s, ;-'(g;sc Ib: Plum* 3yj@4c for pitted und
l@iy 2 o"for uupiuea; Nectarines, 4@sc fy Ib for
prime to choice.
RAISING— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fn-ano: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c $ ib; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, f%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c $ box; clusters, $i 36@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, SF2 10(&2 25; Imperial clusters. $2 80@2 75.
Jobbixo Prices— Four-crown, loose, 41^0: 3
crown, 33,ic; 2-crown, 8S/ g c tt>. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c %i Ib: Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
LonJon layers, 75(590c; clusters, 51 50@l 75;
Debesa clusters. $2 50: Imperial clusters. 82 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9"5
lie for No. 1 hnrdand ll@l3c^l Ib for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonils, t><ai7i /2 c $ Ib for Lan
guetloc, 2%«ft3c ft Ib for hardshell ana B@loc
f 1 Ib lor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, s@6y a C
'ft Ib for Kastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuis, s@6c- Pecans, 6c for rough und 8c for
polished: Fiiberrs, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@«Bc * Ib;
Cocoannts, ?4@5 f( 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, s@sygc:
light amber extracted, 4V 2 @4%c; dark amber, 4®
41/iC; dark, 2@3c tt).
BEESWAX-25@27y 2 C 9 Ib.
i'KOVISIONS.
Quotations show no change.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon -is quotable :at 6y c
for heavy, 7%c '$ Ib for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for, extra light and 12c for sugar
curea; Eastern Su^ar-cnred Hams, 12®12%c:
California Hams, iO@llc p Ib: Mess Beef, $7
@«; extra mess do. 88; ! family do, 810; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, '$13 %* bbl;
mess. 811 50@12 f bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c t* Jb.
LARD— Eastern., tierces is quoted at 4 Vic V lb
for compound and syic for pure; pails, 6c ¥ Ib;
California tierces. 4 1 /; ! c for compound and 6y 3 i- for
pure: ha'.f-bbls, 5%c-, 10-tt> tins, 61/4 C; do 6-lb,
6y 2 c tb.
COTTOLENE— in tierces and 6Vi@
6s/ 8 c "0 Ib iv 10- Ib tins. .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Dealers continue to
quote previous prices. Heavy salted steers are 1
quotable at 7@7y 2 c *$ Ib; culls and brands, !
e@6Visc 'v. Ib: medium, 6<a,6y2C ft lb; culls and
brands, 6@5y 2 c $ tb; light, sc: calls and brands,
•c: Cowhides, o@s%c: culls and brands, 4@4%c;
salted Kip, 6c V Ib; salt Calf, 7@Bc: salted Veal. I
6c: dry Hides, 10%@Uc: culls and brands, 8® [
B%c: dry Kip and V'e^i, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf, i
, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc; '
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 16® !
25c; winter, 7@loc: shearlings, lo@lsc
each; short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40@ !
60c each ; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of ail i
kinds about %c less. -:■ . . ■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3@3i4c; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 5y 2 c: Grease. 21.4 c %* tb.
WOOL— The free-trade - depression still bangs
over this marke:, as everybody, who has anything
to do with it is painfully aware. H urn bold and
Mendocino Is quotable at 10@llc 'j* tb: Valley
Oregon, 10@llc *$ Ib; do lower grades, B@loc fl
th; Nevada, fi©B%c: San Joaquin and South
ern Coast, six ; months, 4@6c; San Joaquin, foot
hill, goo I to choice, 6%@7%c: San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@5y 2 c;' northern iree, 7@9c: do defec
tive. S@6X»C ft tb. -
HOP-<- Nominal at 2@4c fi tb for 1896 and fc@
7%c for 1896. No business of any consequence.
GENERAL MKKCHAKDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta ' Grain Bags, spot, $4 28@4 80:
Ban Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26'/ 2 c • .
, COAL— A; few changes In; foreign . grades are
noted. . Wellington. 88 If* ■, ton; - New , Wellington,
88 'fi ton: Southfield Wellington, $7 50 ■£ ton;
Seattle, (o(sssU: jJryant. 85; Coos Bay, 84 60;
Wallsend. $7: Scotch. $7 50; Brvmbo. 87 60;
Cumberland, 813 60 f) ton In bulk and 816 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?, 811 3 ton; Welsh
Anthracite, SO:- Cancel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60: CoKe,
81 ltd 1-j In hulk anil $13 fi ton in sks.
- CANNED FRUITS — New pack of Cherries,
black or red— 2y a extra, $2 10@2 50 it dozen;
2y 2 -tb standards, $1 75; seconds, $1 60. White
Cherries— 2l/2-Ib, extra, 82 50; 2y a -tb standards,
$2 10. Peaches— Yellow, free. #1 50; yellow
c^ing, 2y 9 -lb standurds, $1 2!>@l 60: seconds,
$1 10@l 20. Aprkots— 30. Raspberries—
2y2-!B standards, $170; seconds, 8160. Straw
berries—Standards. $195: seconds. 81 85.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 80c *
dozen, 2y»-Jb tins. Peas, $I@l 25 "# dozen.
CiiFFKE— -
Costa Rica— lB%©2oc for good to prime: 18®
18y 2 c for good mixed with Mack beans; 16Vi@
17 1 . ac for fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary. ■ FjgtMire»iW MV'CHBR^WM'HfewP
Salvador— lB@l9Vic for good to prime washed;
17yi@173y4c ft It) for fair washed; 19y 2 for
good washed p^aberry: 17@17 1 / ic for superior un
washed: 16@16i/4C for sood green unwashed;
Ih3/t(g)l9c for good to prime unwashed peaberry. ,
• Guatemala and : Mexican- 20i/2@2iy 2 c for
prime to s.rictly prime washed: 18%@20c for good
to strictly not! washed; 17@18i4c for fair
washed: 15 @ 16c. for medium; 13© IJI/-.C for
ordinary : 1 , @12% c for inferior to common ; 20i/i(g)
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; Is34@i9c
for good to prime unwashed peaberrv.
FlSH— Pacific Cod. catch of 1895: 1 00- cases
quotable at 6c Ib; 60- tb bundles, 5c f* Ib; Silver
King Strips, 8c %ilb:' Narrow-Gauge do, 7c %* tb:
Tablets. Bctilb: .-eabriglit Blocks. 7%c; Pacific
Herring. 16c "^ box; Dutch do, 90c@$l 10 & keg;
White Fish, *1 50 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds,' $12: Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$25; No. 2, $23: No. 3, $21; half-bbls— No. 1,
$10 50: No. 2, $9; No. 3, $8 50: kits, No. 1, $1 75;
No. 2, $1 50: No. S, $1 36.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34@36
« ll ask. - . -, .■ - -:
■ OlL— California Castor --. Oil, cases. No. 1, 96c:
bblj. 90c %i gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bDls. boiled, 42c: do . raw, 40c: cases, ■ 5c
more;; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bbln, 55c;
No. 1 45c: cases, 5c higher; China Nut, $4 50(3)
4 80 t case. 3
PETROLEUM, ' GASOLINE, ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil, xin bulk, 12c $ gal: Peari Oil, in
cases, 18% c; Astral, do. 18y a c; Star, do, 18y 2 c;
Extra star Oil, in cases, 22% c; Elaine, do, 23% c;
Eocene, do, 20% c: Deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, * 14c; , do, in cases, - 19% c; = 63° | Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk. 13c; 63* do, in cases, 18 % c; 86°
Gasoline, In bulk, 20c: 86° do. in cases, 26c fi gal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6y a c Ib. ,-^ '.:
■ RED LEA D— Quotable at 6y a c # Ib. :
TURPENTINE- In cases, SBc; iron tarrels. 34c;
woo;K-n barrels, 36c 3 gal.iiaßBgte«Wß»W<Bi«aMnftj
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz. are
quotable at 91,4 c; i do, 14 oz,' B%c: do, 12 oz,'.7s / 4c;
do, 10 oz, 7c; ..lectric-li-ht Candles, 6s, 16 oz, 8c;
do, 14 oz, 7%c; do, 12 oz, «%c:;do,f 30 0z,?5%c:
ParafHne Wax Candles,' white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s aud .
12s, 14 oz. 9c: assorted colors, same sizes, 10c. -•-. ■'
LEA 1 ii El;— Extra heavy Sole, 26@28c: heavy
Pole, 27c f or j No 1 and 1 25c for? No. 2; medium
Sole, 24@26c for No. 1 ; at-il :■. 2e for No. 2. Light
Hole, 23®24c for No. 1 and 2O@2»c © ft. for No. 2;
Harness, heavy. 30@i)5c: do, medium,' 28c: do,
light, 24@25c;fKou«L Leather, 18@20;.Klps, «40
@5U doz- Calf, 70@£0c; Rough splits, 4@sc ■ .
•sUi.AR— The Western >u«ar Kenning Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. lt V 8 c;
Powdered, 55,.c; Fine i Crushed, "s "Dry Granu
lated,. 43/ac; Confectioners' A. -.'sic; Magnolia A,
4S/ 8 c; Extra c, 4Vic; Golden C. 41/bc: half barrels,
Vac more than barrels, and boxes 2 c more.
SAN FRANCISCO 1 MEAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are %c lower. Veal and
Pork show no change.'^. Wholesale rates for dressed
stock from slaughterers are as follows: : '
■A BKKi— i-lnt quality. 4%@5c; second do, 4@
4y 4 c; third do. 3%c '«* Ik.'*^,^ _?-
VEAL— Large. 4(<|6c: smali, s@6c # Ib. v
- MUTTON — Wethers," 4%@sc;, Ewes, 4@4%C
.^lb. ,- ' . :■'. v. ■ iv--'! '■■■■■ '-' :*• ■ " -.
LAMB— s@3%e V !b. '-;. '■';'■ •'■<'■■ '
POUK— Live Hogs, ; 3c ; *© -Ib for large and 3%c
for small ana medium: dressed do, 4i/i@s%c "$ Ib
WOOD, LUMBER;; ETC.
■ Posts, 9@loc each; Redwood, 85 i» cord: Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, 89; Pine, $5 75. .
: : TANBARK— i» cord. V V i'
•_. LUMBER— RetaiI prices for pine are: No. 1
rough,' 813@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring. $21@26: Lath," 52: Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; ; Rustic, $18®23;
Shingles, common, $1 50; Shakes, $9 M.
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCK.
FOB 24 HOt'RS.
Fiour.qr. sks.... 7.210 Cheese, ctls 36
Washington.. 3,670 Eggs, doa 6,190
Wheat, ctla 38S Hides, no -«1
Washington.... I.SBO Pells, bdls 610
Barley, ctls 8,764 Wine, gals. 06,100
Oats, Wash, Ctls. 770 Wool, bis 39
Hen us. sks . 70 Quicksilver, Ostu 112
Fotaloes, sks.... 3,476 Lime. bbU 120
Onions, sks 440 Tallow, ctls 264
Middlings, sks... L'so Leather, r0115. ... 51
Bran, sks 1.480 Hops, bis
Hay, ton*. 4fil Mustard Seed, sic 15
Straw, tous 20 Shorts, sks. 1.350
Butter, ctls 131'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in mining shares was quieter yesterday
and prices were rather under those of Monday,
though the depreciation did not amount to much.
After the boards tne market improved and the
close was firmer.
The Spring Valley and San Jose Water compa
nies and the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
will pay monthly dividends of 50 cents per share
each on the 11th.
At the recent annual meeting of the Benton Con
solidated company 100,157y 2 shares out of 108,
-000 were represented, and the following directors
elected: John T. HIM. F. B. Sutherland, Edward
Howard, Edward Lawdle and John F. Pope. John
T. Hill was elected president, F. B. Sutherland
vice-president and John F. Pope secretary.
In the Chollar mine (old Com stock workings;, in
the north stope above No. 2 crosscut on the 450
level, they hare carried up two sets to the twelfth
floor, and are preparing to open north and south
from it ln the fillings and stieaks In place, both of
fair-grade ore. In the south stope on this level
they continue to open north and south on the fifth
floor, and have raised to the six h floor on a streak
of good ore lyine eas tof the old stope. They have
saved during the past week from all points 107
tons and 1900 pounds of ore, which they are accu
mulating until a s::flicient amount for a run is
saved. They are repairing in the main shaft and
In the west drift on the 450 level.
I in the Potosi mine (old Comstock workings) the
east crosscut from the north drift from the top of
the south raise on ihe 460 level has been extended
I 14 feet, making Its total length 160 feet, ai which
point it has been stopped in porphyry. Opposite
I this east c rosicut they hare started a west cross
{ cut, which is out 6 feet in quartz of low grade,
: the face samples going abom si 2 per ton. The
south drift from the top of the rase has been ex
-1 tended Ib feet, and is now >ut 76 feet, the face
belli*; iv quartz of low astay value, with bunches
of quartz through it. On the 650 level the
west crosscut from the south lateral drift has been
driven 18 feet during the past weeK, and is now
out 78 feet, through porphyry and clay.
The sales on regular call at the Sun Francisco
Stock Board for the first seven months of the year
were 2.610,280 shares, against 1,694,425 during
I the same period in 1895.
Ainemmenti Fenrtln?.
Following Is a list of assessments noiv peniing:
Company.
Delinqt
No. Amt. in the Sftla D*J.
Board.
Kentuck 12
Best <fe Belcher 60
Hale <fe Norcross 109
Con Imperial 37
Confidence -J7
Alpha Con 17
06 Jly 17 .Aug
25Aug 2Aug
15 AUg B .Sept
01 Aug 24. Sept
30 au^ 80 .Sept
( lQlSept 3. Sept
i:
2
2!
*>
BOAl.iy :.:;a_.£s."
Following were thb ■ sales In the San • Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
PKnn.Au mornin-4 -iwinv rr>\r«rn;vct"«-» 9:30.
600 A1ta......1l 100 C0nfi....1.00!50UP0t05L..1.25
,900 Andes 30 300 G «fcU_....70550 .........1.20
100 Belcher.. .3B 100 H&N. . 1.1;- 3UO Savac 74
250 B&B 86 100 Mxcn 57 300 S Nev....58
50 ...:...... .83200 M0n0......20 650 Uni0n.. ..45
200 ChaHge... 43*oo 350 ............44
1000 Ch0ir.. 2.60 103 0ph1r...1.06 10U V Jacitni...4U
50 CCdtV...1.76 260 ...;... ..I.OOi
.AFTERNOON BKSMOS— 2:SI.
200 B *8... 87!lOOCCAV..1.8O|bOl> Potosl... 1.15
100 ...........88:300 C P0int... 39 60 1.20
1008u1wer....31 !00 G&C:.....71 200 Beg 8.....11
500 Ch0ir... 2.60 10j Mx0n.....60 100 -S Mr ;.:.'. 62
100 ....;.. 2.65 .'OO Mono .....17|10U *" Jacict...39
/ 30...::..;..2.50|1000ccid:.:..62| 60 ............38
Following: were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : , ; ' . ; '
BKanr.c ,^.q'.^ «-_■»>»."•».
400 A1Pha.:...10;100 Ch11r.2.47y a ;21000phtr..1.05
1000 A1t*.':... 11 800 ..:.„. .2.50 1200 1.07y 2
1100 Andes... 32 300 ...... .'..2.45 400 ........ 1.10
300 ....- .31|200 COY /4 !4OO 0vrmn....19
200 Belcner...BB 600 ..... 1.77 J^ 400 P0t051.22%
200 37 300 1.80 1500 ....... 1.20
500 B &B 841150 C0nn... .1.00 600 ...... .1.17y,<
100 87 200 Con 1m... 02500 ..........1.15
400 .....86100 CrwnPt...4o 200 Say 74
200 ............89 500O<tC.-. M 71 600 ...... .....73
300 Bullion... 19.400 .......... .72 500 Scorplon-OS
200 Ca1eda....12 300 ..1.20 300 SHAM.. .11
»00 Chains. '..43 200 :...:. .1.17% 600 » Hr 60
200 Ch01r....2.7t 100 ......... .1.16 300 ....... 63
50 ...........2.65 300 Justice. :..o» 500 811 Hi 11... .02
100 ...... ....25/ 5 2U0 Kentck....O7 400 Union C*.4«
900 2.60 *0J Mexn.....60 60 50
21)0 ...... 2.67y 2 3'JO .....:.....63300 Utah 10
1800 ........2.55 500 Occd ...... 67,600 X JMKM..4O
• ' *rTKRXOON . SKSSIOK — 2:31. •
900 Alttha 10100Chllar..2.70;200 Occldtl_..6l
300 Alt*. .11 300 2.77%|200 Ophlrl.o7y a
200 Ande5.... 321200 ........».2Si l' "00 1.10
400 35200CCV.1.77Va 400 ._.ll/8
500 Belcher ..36 300 .......1.82% 200 Overman. lD
200 B&B 851400 .. 1.85400 P0t05:...1. 15
250 ...... ;.;.:. 901 60 Conn.... 1.05 400 1.17%
600 '...'.....:. 91:200 C Imp ...02 300 .....'... 1.20
100 80d1e.....52M)0 C N V.... .04,61*0 .........1.25
200 Bullion... 19 200 C P01nt...38 400 .. «,;. 1.22%
300 ........... 18 100 G&C.V....71 300 1.27 Vi
100 Bulwer-.. 33:400 ;..'.. 76 200 5ave.. ....72
200 .....;. ;."... 32 150 H&JN... 1.16:300 77
200 Caled... . 12.350 ....... . 1.20 200 S Nv. : ... 62
200 Challge...4B 200 Mex..:... 400 ....:.>..;. 65
150 Ch0ir.. .2.60.300 65 300 Union..... 48
100 ...... 2.52'/ 2 100 Mono 19160 .......... 61
-400 ..........2.6U200 ......'.-....18400.:.. ....... .52
100 2y 1 0CCd... . 65 10J V'jtb. 10
! V! 00 2.65 200 ...........62 500 V Jckt....37
I 100 2.67%| . --■■ . : •
■ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. August 4—4 p. M .
Eld.Asked.\ ' " Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 10 11 Jack50n......... 26 : —
Alt*.... 10 11 Ju1ia........... — 10
Andes. 31 33 Justice. ....... 04 '06
8e1cher....:... 36 38 Kemuck 06 08
i Best A Belcher 91 \. 92 Lady Wash — (14
I Bcnton C0n.... 15 —Mexican...:... .'62 64
80die.....: 46 ; . —M0n0.......;..' 17 —
Bullion 20 21 Nevada Queen. 03 : —
Bulwer. 32 — North G& C. 07 —
Caledonia. : 10 12 Occidental. ... 61 62
Chollar .. ...... 2.75 ■ 2.K0 Ophir ....;. 1.10 1.15
Con.CalAVa...l.Bs '1.90 Overman....... 19 20
Challenge Con. 42 . 44 P0t051.'..;. '.:...■ 1.25 - 1.30
Con. Imperial. 02 t3 5avage......... 76 77
Confidence .... 1.00 1.05 Scorpion '05 ' 06 •
Con New York 04 -'seg. Belcher... 10 12
Crown Point... *38 ' 39 Syndicate ...„""—" 04
EastSierraNev — 114 silver Hi 11.... — 03
Eureka Con... — 26 Sierra Nevada, 65 67
Excbeauer .... — OH Union C0n...... 51. 63
Goula A Curry. 75 76 Dtah........... 09 11
UaleANorcrs.l.2o 1.25, Ye110w Jacket. 38 39
GOLD WINING KXCIIASGB.
i 100 Best & Belcher 87 300 5avage ."...:.... " 75 :
i Champion V.i '■■'--• 200 Savannah .'...» " 50
Asked ..............25 001200 Sebastopol....^ ■ 55
100 Ch011ar....:.;:. 2 60 1000 '.;..-............ 56
! 100 Granu.^. ....:;< 40 1300 .:. ;.:.• ' 65
; Bid Hale & Norcrs. 116 1000 70
i 800 LockwoodCon. 30 Bid Thorpe 50
j 800 31 A5ked............... 75
! Asked Princess 70 •
(STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Aug. 4-2 P. U. * .
rNITEI> STATKS BONDS. . • :
•' , Bid. Attced. ' ' Bid. Asked.
US 4s c0up.. 106 — US 4s reg... - «107%
Do new issue! 12 — ': j,
V-.I v MISCKLIMNKOUS BOVTW.
Cal-stChleßs 109 112 ' Pacßoll _ _
;CalElecL6s - 12S Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCWss - 94 P*OKv6s. — 115;;
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 98 : P&Ch By 6s. — 112
EdsnL*P6s — 119 ' Pwl-st RRBs. — 116%
FACHRR6S. - 106 Reno, WlxfeL - 106 -
Geary-stßss. ' — 107% Sacto P A L.v - 102%
LosAnijL6s. - 99 |BF<tNPRSs. - 98
iDo Gnteed « - 100y 2 SPRRArIa 6s ;- - » — :■■"'•
! Mkt-stCble6sl2o34 , - SPRRCaI6s. - 110%
j DoßyConss..lo3 104 SPRRCaI 65. , - ■ —
N at Vin6s Ist 96 - ■ ,SPBrRCal6s. - 99V 4
NevCNgß7s. 9» 105 SVWate.-65..119yi118%
,N P G RR6S. - 108 ' !sVWater4s.. :97% ■ -
N' Rv Cal 6s. — 101 StktnGAEßs — 100
NBy Cal 6s. — 100 suns: TATS*. ■— > ; i —
Oak Gas ss. 102 : - Sutter-5tK55.109%110.,
Lio2dis6s.. — rj 106--- VlsallaWCU*; — —
Gnjiiibud OS. 117 11914, ..;.•' ■: ;'.•. ■"< .; '■
j.; WITKB STOCKS. " 
Contra Costa — 40 (San Jose..... — .-
Marin C 0..... 60 - |SprngValle7 958496%
iM.inm *"I ■■...';
Capital... " ■''■ — - 30 : (Paclflc Lleht '— ' 49%
Central....!! :95 ' — I San Krancsco — . 90
OakGLAH. 62 52 %l Stockton... . — to
PacGaslmp. - 83 |; ' "
'"''■' 'r.C ■-'. ■' INSUKAJfCK STOCKS. '
Flrem»n'sFdl6s .Nf" |Snn ■..;....'.': ;TS '50 '
. ' I COMMKBCIAL, BANK STOCK*. .
'Amerß&TC.: — —.; iLondonPAA. ;— > 127 .
Anplo-Cal — 58 London '—V '. a 7%
BankofCal.. — 335 • linen Kx... lii —
Cal D«tTCo .' 53% —' • j Nevada "— '- ' —
FirstNaUonL : - 183 , |Sather B Co. — —
■ ( .';', : SAVINGS BANK 'STOCKS. . .'• ',:'."
DerSAI/Co. — 1290 Say * Loan.. — 100 '
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security..:... - 275.
Mutual — " 40 Union Trust. 7 so 'v — , '
BFSavUnion -485 :. : ;
,-'-"■". ,-' BTBKKT RAILROAD «TOCiM.
California.... - 110 OakSLAIIay — 100
Geary-5t......" — 65 | Presidio:.... ' 7*4 —
Market-si..-. : 40y 8 40 Sutter-« - —
, I . ' i . IOIVDKK STOCKS.' -,
; Atlantic D... '' 15 . '— *." iGtanteon.... 17 18%
! Eastern D... 70 75 Jndson D.;.. — - ■-.
Calliurma.... . 70, —". 'Vigorlc — . 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. iMfM
Alaska Pkrs. 85 92 Nat Vln Co.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 23
Cal Cot Mills - — Pac Aox FA 1 —
Edison Light — 114% PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GasCon Assn. — — 1 Pac Roll Mill — —
.GerLeadCo. S3 .-'—'*'■■ Parf PalntCo 6% 7%
' HawCASCo.. ; I 7y s '- 18 i ■ PacTr.nsCo. > — -.-. 24
Hutch 8 PCo 20% 2iy 8 Pac Co. — c 90
MerKxAssn:lOU ■> 110 *■- Sunset TAT. 41 — =-;
M Elec Light — ' United O Co. - — Hi
- -■■-'■- - - . • '- --.--.,..■?•■-. ■ . • . _
' - BAI.K3— KMINIS-I BiaStO*. :
- ' ; Board— SMW^wiiMsmsmegmt <
50 Hutchinson S P Co.. 21 37%
60 do do. b 6...:........ ...... .....21 50
20 SV Water ;;„.. ....'.. 86 25
.:.' ; Ptreet— ;' ".■'•- - ■ ' ■ • -. ■ " '"*•■' ''■•■'
■ 30 Eastern Dynamite 70 00
;60 V Water ...1............. „...:„. 96 '26
: SALK3— irTBMOOS SES3IOH-. .
Board— « ,
'20 Hawaiian Commercial „ ... 17 50
100 Hntchinson 8PC0...... .....„;. 20 87%
6 S V Water 96 1-Vii
: 65 -■- do 1 do , .. *96 00
$2000 S V 6% Bonds 119 37%
■ " Street— ; '
20 Presidio KB.',. 7 50
Prudence.
"The audience is calling for you," said
the young tragedian's manager.
"Are you sure I'm the person they
want?"
"Of course."
"Well, go out and study the expressions
on their faces and tell roe whatjyou think
they want with me." — Washington Star.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1896.
la.
Mo.
Tu.
W.
Th.
I'r.
■Sa. | Moon's Phases
1 /7*\LautQunrlpr.
__ *-V August 1.
8 gßs New Moon.
_ w.; August 8.
iISI _ „ „ I— —
3
4
5
•
7
1
10
11
12
13
14
16 Firs'- Quarter
First Quarter
Vi/ August IS.
\\JJ August IS.
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
.^ Full Moon.
— \&f A ugust 33.
29 -— _
j . I Last Quarter.
Augnst 31
23
24
25
•Jd
27
28
■■ ' |
30
31
OCEAC STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STKAMKR |BBITIVATInX.
•»*rr,».
PIKB.
ABlancaaru Oregon ports.. Aue 5. 6pm | Pier 13
Corona San Diego..... Aug 5.11 am merit.
Pomona.... Mumboldtßa? Aug 5. 2MI Pier >
Columbia... Portland ...... ]Aug 6,10 am Pier
Jarmion... 1 ulna Bay.. Aug 6. 9am Pier 2
Eoraka.... Nawoort ...... An? 7. Sam Pier 11
Ann. ...... Cooa 8ar...... Aug 7.10 am i-ier 13
Walla Walla Vie * Pet Sno Aug 7. 9am Pier 9
San Bias.'... Panama. Aug ! 8.12 m'PMSS
Belglc China Japan Aug 8, Bpm P MB3
Truckee Coos 8ay...... Aug :8, 6FM|Pierß
San: Bosa. San Diego Aug 9 Ham Pier 11
State of Cal. Portland....;. Augll.lOAM Pier 24
BtPant...... Newport ...;.. Aug 1L BAM|Pierll
sunol Grays Harbor. Aug 11. 4fm Pler2
Weeoct Kel Hirer Augll. 6pm Pier 13 .
Dmatilla Vie A Bnd i Ang la 9am Plera
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STKAMKK
From
Urn
Alcatraz........
Del .Norte
Eureka
City of Everett
Ban Bern to
Crescent City..:
Truckee.. .......
ttOM Kou.
Cleone .........
Cami11a........
State of Cat
P0m0na...'......
St Paul
Peru........
Hanoi ....... ..
Wee0tu.........
Pan J05e. ........
C0r0na ....... .*. ■'
.Empire „.
North F0nt.....
CoHimola .......
i"»r»llon .'
Vaquina Bay ...........
Grays HarDor...
Newport.
Nanaimo...... '
Tacoma. ..... ...... ......
Creaoaoc City. ...... ....
Coos 8ay...:...;........
Han X>i*c<x.
Crescent City . ... ....
Victoria <6 Pukm Soanu
Portland
flnmooim i5ar.. ........
Newport.
China and Japan .......
Grays ilaroor .........
liel Kiver
Central America
San Diego...
Portland..... ......:.
Hnmboldt Bay .........
Portland.
Vnaalns Bar ::.....".*.;—'
..AUff 5
..Auk 5
.A us 5
..Aug 5
..Aug 5
..Aug 6
..Aug «
..Aug 7
..AUK 8
..Aug H
..Aug 8
..Auk; 8
..An* 9
..Aug 9
. . Aug 9
..AUK 9
..Aug 10
..Aug 11
..Aug 11
..Aug 12
..Aug 13
..Auk 13
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast axt» ofodktto bubvbt TtDsi
J3im,KTIX PUBLIUHItn IT OFFICIAL V
AXTTHOBITY OF THE BUPERINTRNDBXT. )
Wednesday, August 4.
Son rises 6.16 Moon rise* 1.02 am
Sunsets 7.15 Moon sets
August— lB96.
Time Feet Time Feet Time Fe« Time M (
git, W| -IH \v! - ■!L! L ■ W -H W
2 0.24 1.2r 7.47
3 1.2 0.8: 9. JO
4 3.17 0.3 10.03
5 3.03 -0.2 10.44
6 5«.46-O 1 11.17
7 '4.25 —0.8 11*45
8 , 5.05-0.9 13.15
3.3 10.24 2.9 6.2t$ 5.4
3.15 11.2S 3.5 6.15 6.5
3.8 12.41 3.6 7.13 6.7
4.0 1.66 3.6 8.09 5.9
4.4 3.00 3.6 9.04 H.l
4. ft: 3.56 3.3 9.57 6.2
4.8 4.47 3.0 10.55 6. 't
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
rolumn, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column elves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third ,ide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnera are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is »'jbtractlT*
from the depth etven by the charts.
HYDROGAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HYimonRAPHicOrFiCF., U. S, N., 1 )
Merchants' Exchanok. V
San Fbancisco. August 4. 1893. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wai arODpei
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120tn
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtelkr, - .
■ Lieutenant U. >■■ >. in oh*— c. :
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
TUESDAY. Auzust 4.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. 55 hours from Re
dondo; ballast, to Caspar Lumber Co.
£>tmr Pomona. Doran. 16 hours frtn Eureka;
pass and mdne. to Qoodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 4 days rom
Portland, via Coos Ba> 60 hours; pass and mdse,
to Nor^h Pacific Steamship Co.
i Stmr Albion, Lundqulst, 19 hours from Needle
Bock: bark, ioJS Kimball.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqnlna
Bay and way ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer &
Akmann.
Bark Undaunted,l9B days from Baltimore; 2400
tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr uotama, Brissem, * days from Coos Bay;
220 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. 20 hours from rver
sens Landing; 90 eds wood, to N Iversen.
bchr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup. ii - hours from
Stewarts Point; 100 cds bark, to Higglns A Col
lins.
?Stmr City of Everett. Laverge. 84 nours from
analmo: 3714 tons coal, to John Rosenfela'i
Sons.
Stmr Arago, Reed, 40 hours from Coos Bay. via
Port Orford 35 hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart,24 hours from Albion;
to Bender Bros. I'd river direct,
t-learerl.
TUESDAY, August 4.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels <fe Bros Co.
flaw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comoi; Pacific
Improvement Co.
TUESDAY. August 4.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Btmr National City. Anaresen, Coos Bay.
Stmr WhitesDoro. Johnson.
Stmr Oipsy. Leland, Santa Cru«.
Stmr Weeott. Whitney, Eel River.
SHnir Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins, Portland.
Ktmr Scotia, Johnson.
Schr S Danielson, Vogel, Albion.
Schr Five Brothers. Rasmussen. Mendocino.
Scbr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen. Grays Harbor,
scnr Ktta B, Bourne, fort Ross,
bcnr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
SchrDuxbnry, Bourne.
Telcgraphlo.
POINT LOBOS. August 4—lo p. it— Weather
hazy . wind W: velocity. 12 .uiiej.
Charters.
The Br ship Jordan hill was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 30s, or Capetown,
27s 6d , or Sydney, 22s 6d.
The Chll bark Flecha loads lumber at Port
Blakeley for Valparaiso on owners' account.
I The schr Pioneer loads lumber on the Sound for
| Salaverry, 4Vs 6d.
June 14— 4N 26 W, Br ship Franklstan, from
Liverpool for San Francisco.
June 14—12 N27 W, Br ship Samaritan, hence
Apr 18 for Queenstown.
June 22—9 N27 W— Br bark Iredale, from Ant
werp for Victoria.
HomeHtic Port*.
KEDONDO— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Maweena. fm
Seattle.
TACOMA— Arrived An* 4— Ship Dashing Wave,
hence July 21.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aug 3-Nlc brig Salvator,
hence July 14.
POINT REYES-Passert Aug 4— Br stmr Beech
ley, from Sun .) ose de Guatemala lor Puget Sound.
VENTURA— ArriveU Aug 4— stmr So..ih Coast
from Eureka.
TATOOSH-Pasied Aug 4-Bark Palmyra, from
Newcastle, NSW, for Port Townsend; stmr City
of Puebla. henc Aug 2 for Victoria.
MENDOCINO-Arrlved Aug 4-Schr W S
Phelps. hence Aug L
N A VARRO— Arrived Aag 4-Stmr Point Arena,
bence Aug 1.
PORT LOS ANGELEB— Arrived Ang4-Br ship
DrumcMff, trona London.
Foreign Ports.
VICTOBIA-Passed Aug 4-Stmr Mineola. frm
Comoi for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI- Arrived July 29-Ship B P Chen
ey, trom New Whatcom.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamen.
NEW YORK.— Arrived Aug 4- Stm Mobille,
from London.
Sailed- -unr Lahn, for Bremen.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Aug 4— Stmr State of
Nebraska.
AMSTERDAM— bailed Aug 4-Stmr Zaandam,
for New ork.
LEWIS ISLAND-Passed Aug 4-Stmr Pha>
necia, from Hamburg for New York.
LlZARD— Paused auk 4— Simr Spaarnd*am, frm
New York for Rotterdam; Btmr Scandia, from
New York for Hamburg.
{ Importation I. '.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard— 2 bdls pelts.
76 pigs mdse, 10 bdls hides, 163.412 ft lumber.
Astoria— 33 sks bones, 3275 Ddls snooks.
Port Orford— l bx butter. 980 sheep.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— l keg 100 bxs butter.l
bx fruit, 25 M ft lumber, 57 pkgs mdse, X sic coin,
8 -pkgs express,* 113.051 shing.es, 4 pkgs vege
tables," 2 bbls mm water. 158 pkgs Iron.
HRand E R R— 2lo bxs butter, 2 bbls 15 ca
cider, 9 pkgs mdse. •■- ■
YAQUINA BAY— Per Farallon— ski oats,
1512 qr sks flour. «83sks bark, 5 coops chickens,
23 b.ils hides. 135 tons stone., 3 bxs type, 4 Iron
rollers, 1 pkg • dry goods, 5 ■ empty bottles. IIH his
seed. 1 bbl 2 cs whisky, 6 pkgs drills, 13 bbls
P Coos Bay- 19 tubs 29 bxs butter, 7 bales woolen
goods.' -'
Port Orford— 4B pkgs junk, Isk furs, 3 sks wool,
7 bits butter, 1 bbl whisky.. •
Eureka— s coops chickens. 1 meat press, 1 tank,
2 mac tines. 1 cs stationery.
COOS BAY— Per Arago-4 pkgs express, 28 cds
wood. 29 bxs butter, 15 cs cheese, 700 tons coal.
Port Orford— 3 pkgs express, 10 bxs 1 bbl butter,
1 odl pelts.
Con*l«rne«t«.
. Per Arago— Wells, Fargo * Co; Ross A Hewlett;
W B Stunner <fe Co: Hllmer. Bredhoff <& schulz;
Getzßros<ftCo; Standard Oil Co: H Klrchman <fc
Co: Thomas Lougbran; Marshall, Teggart & Co;
Marshall <fc Relmers. .
Per Alice Bi> nchard— San Francisco Chemical
Workst Amer.CarD Acid Gas Co; C Carpy Co ;
Clatsop Mill Co: Russ, Sanders A Co: 8 l.owenbers
<fc Co: a U Frank <fe Co- Oakland Lumber Co: \v H
wrace'&Co: Tucker Maxwell: Robert \Vinio«n:
N Oblandt & Co; Allen & Hlgglns Lumber Co; .1 s
Kimball : Cotton Bros <t Co; Isaac Troore; Chaix
& Bernard.
Per Farallon— H Dutard; Pacific Commercial Co;
J Everdin? & Co: W C Price & Co: J P Thomas: j
Wagner Mn:gCo; Amer Press Assn: B s Harris-
E R Stevens <fe Co: Allen & Lewis: Hills Bros: I' V
Collier; Russ, Sanders <fc Co; Bandon Woolen-mills-.
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association;
California Chemical Works: E J Bowen & Co; The
Harry Unna Co;Ro*s Hewlett; Labor Exchange;
C Jacobsen & Co: Wolf Son; SI, Kline: .1 D Mr-
Gilvrav; VV F Fleenor: Campodonlco Malcolm;
F II Mamraer: S H Frank & Co; Daliemand <fe Co:
P T Johnson: Still man & Fulton: Legallet A Hell
wig: Dodge. Sweeney &Co Singer MnfgCo.
Per. Pomona— Brigham, Hoppei Co;F BHalght;
Dodge, Sweeney & Co ; Dairymen's Union; Finn;
Humboldt Mln Water Co: C E Whitney A Co; Hl
bernia Brewery: Standard Oil Co; Kowalsky <t Co;
•Wheaton, Breon & Co: C E Whitney * Co; s^pßei-
Ken at Buckner; Wieland Brewlug Co; The Wert
heimer Co: Getz Bros it Co: L D Stone it Co; Scott
A Van Ardale Lumber Co; Wells. Fargo & Co; J .1
Loggle: Wells, Fargo & Co: Hills Bros: Western
Carb Acid Gas Co: O B Smith & Co: United Stales
Brewery; ■, Italian- Swiss Colony: National Ice Co-
Me Kay A Co; X a Gil more; W Davis & Son.
For Lnte. Shipping rufnlKlJlllW Sm PtfUtntft Pm*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAflilF^oipm
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FRO.MjEtea_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, asxSs&Z
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorinir, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
llsnooand Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. it., Sept. 11,26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle,' Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wtiatcom (Bellin;ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Aug. Ii 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. l:y., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area! a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Aug. 1, 5. 9, 13,
17, 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
• For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. August 1, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
' For Knsenada, Han Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. x. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after.
. Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. -
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. o _cfi3 INT.
ASTORIA lltPflßMa
' $6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ........July 27, August 6, 16
Blair of California tails. . July 22, August. 1, 11,21
From spear st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. sr.
UOODALL PERKINS & CO., Genl. Snpts.
T. F. CONNOa General Agent.
' KXH Mu-t..f .-.-..,. •
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, , JL^ HONOLULU
' . AUSTRALIA. ' %J? S.S. AUSTRALIA.
AUSTRALIA. AUSTRALIA.
8. 8. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY, Thursday, August 20, ■
at 2p. m . ■' - . . - - 1 . . .
8. a. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day. August 29. at 10 a, m. special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. •
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
-.".•"■-•- 114 Montgomery street.
- Freight Office, 327 Market si., San Francisco.
COffIPAGME GENERAL TRASSATLAXTIQCB
French Lin* to Havr».
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH _WCV.
\J River, 'foot of Morton st, Traveler* by d?V3£f(
this, line avoid both transit oy English railway an 1
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parn,
first-class 9160: second-class, $1 lii.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. SanteUi.. . May 2:\ Ba. m.
LA NORMANDIE .May '.'a 8 A. it.
LA GASCOGNE.... June 20, 7 a. ii,
USOKviaSIiIK....« ......July 4. 6 A. v.
LA. GAS-COGNE July 25. 11 A. l*.
LA AVOIR. .:.......:.;.'. Ansrust 1,5 a. M.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leboeuf. . Tune 6, 7i. v,
. &3~ For further particulars apply to
- '■■'.*, A. FORGET. Asent.
— rr^ N £ 880 v iD * Green, New Yorfc
J. F. FUG A CO., Agents. 6 Montgom«y
annae. San Francisco.
WHiTE STAR LME.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
'.;.; BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING KVEIIY >'JiKK.
r\ ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >»«*-.
\J ing to steamer and accommodations tSSBOt
selected; second cabin, ?•. »o and 34/ O;Maj 5 .: c
antl Teutonic. ' Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, . Norway, and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Otrlce of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
. General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
Mt & co.s
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINB
' For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
' FROM NEW YORK:
The Al CUpper 5hip...............W_. H. MACT
.; '!/■;. Amesbury, Master.
'. FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
Street, New York.
Consignees In Han Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
A Co., 22 California street. •
ROIISDTHEAVORLD.^^^
A SELECT PARTY, ACCOMPANIED BY A
gentleman of many years 'experience in round-
the-world travel and thoroughly conversant with all
countries visited; will leave Vancouver September
14. For itinerary, etc., apply •
THOS. COOK & SON.,
621 Market Street, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT. .
STEAMERS LEAVE ASI'I.NWAI.r, 'J2+au
fortnightly for the West Indies and «<U_O
Southampton, v calling en route at ceroourgn,
1 France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of laaing, in connection with tee
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. -
. - Through tickets from San Francisco to Pi vmoiith,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class," $19j; third
class, $97 60 For further particulars apply to
•-■ PARROTT A CO., Agents.
- .: . . . . . . ,■ .. Silt: California at.
STOCKTOI STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M, Daily, i-ivigh. received up
to ::J'> ''• «*•
Iff Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
; gTKAJnCBs:
T. C. Walker. J .'P' Sl er "i*
Mary . Garratt, : City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impu V
U.S. lATT-TARD. MARK ISLAND, VALLEJO,
*Beniria, *P«rt Costa,' ■•fwekrtt and *\alona.
STK. MONTICKLLO,
Dally 10:80 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays .•*!•'"•»*>
a. m.), 3:SOp. m. Sundays 8 p. M. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Biaclc
* 4 and 8 p. m. trips only. KaTJI
*• Excursion trip. Hives 5 hours at Navy-yard^
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS& SA!?TA CRUZ
QTEAMKR ALVISO LEAVER PIKK 1 PAILT
Oat 10a. it. (Sundays excepted); Alvlso daily at
.7 P. K. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between ban Francisco nnd Alviso,
60c: to S»n Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier 1. lit* W.
___Dt_i Cl_ll_i ■__ _i__l Inn, " " '" ' JPt_?S^lK*^S > _m__BDEARLY LOVED
ANOTHER MAN
Strange Behavior of the
Wife of a Los Gatos
Evangelist.
SALVATION ARMY FOLKS
Left Her Husband Who Had
Charge of the Local
Corps.
WENT OUT FROM OAKLAND.
Ed sign Reid Says It Was Not a Reg
ular Elopement, but Something
Like It.
Oakland Office San Fbaxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. )
Much excitement was caused in Salva
tion Army circles in this city by the re
port that Mrs. Captain Moyer had eloped j
from Los Gatos with & well-known young
man and had taken her boy with her.
Mr. and Mrs. Mover were members of
the Oakland corps. Several weeks ago
they farewelled from the Oakland Bar
racks and were commissioned as acting
captains. Both were earnest workers and
were very successful in all that makes up
a Salvation Army officer.
For a long time they were active work- j
ers in the local corps and no surprise was
expressed when they announced their in- |
tention of going into the army as officers.
As they were and as the army
regulations provide that officers before
taking commissions must pass through
the garrisons for training Brother and j
Sister Moyer were made acting captains
and were sent to take charge at Los Gatos.
For some weeks the new officers were
very successful. Gradually, however, the
affections of Mrs. Moyer were alienated by |
a prominent youne; man of Los Gatos.
The next chapter was a surprise. Mrs.
Moyer left her home and husband unan
nounced and took her little boy with her.
While in Oakland they served under the
command of Ensign Reid and he was a
very surprised man when he heard the
news.
"Mrs. Moyer undoubtedly fell in love
with a man at Los Gatos," said Ensign
Reid to-day, "but I understand that she
did not elope with him. She and her sis
ter opened ut> a dressmaking estaDlish
ruent and stayed in Los Gatos. They are
there now. Moyer is at Marysville at the
present time. I do not believe that she
did anything wrong, but it waa a queer
piece of work.
"I was Riven to understand at the late
camp-meeting that they would become re
conciled and she would go back to live
with him. I tbink that would be the best
for both of them. She has on.iy been fool
ish to let her sentiments run away with
her good judgment. There is no doubt
but that she did fall deeply in love with
the fellow, but I guess she'll get over j
that."
SENTENCED FOR LIBEL
Editor High Ordered to Jail for
Five Days and Fined
$250.
Judge Wood Also I flxts a Homily on
the Necessity of Keeping a
Newspaper Clean
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. f
Gavin D. High, editor and proprietor of
the Oakland Times, was fined $250 this
morning and sentenced to five days in jail
for libeling President Dingee of the Oak
land Water Company.
Mr. High was represented by Attorney
Beatty and said he bad nothing to say
why sentence should not be passed. Judge
Wood said :
You have been convicted of the crime of
libel. This is the most serious crime which
comes within the jurisdiction of the Police
Court. The law ot libel fixes as the extreme
penalty for the offense a fine of $5000 and one
year's imprisonment in the City Prison. There
is no evidence in this case to show that you,
yourself, composed this libel or that you knew
of it before its publication. However, the law
makes the publisher ot" a paper liable for what
ever appears within it. A newspaper is a
powerful instrument in a community. It is a
molder ot public opinion, and editors and pub
lishers should use this power with great cau
tion. A newspaper publisher has no right to
attack a man's character. A man's diameter
is as sacred as his Hie or his liberty. It is now
some time since thi« liuelous article was pub
lished, but yet there has been no excuse offered
by you for its publication. You have made no
retraction whatever of the article^
While the evidence in this case might sus
tain an attack, upon the corporatiou, it cannot
justify the language used in regard to the pri
vate character of Mr. Dinge»*. The article goes
on to say that Mr. Dinijee was engaged' in
stealing th* business of the Contra Costa
Water Company. This attacked Mr. Dineee in
his private capacity. Later on the article re
fers to the swindling methods ofDineeeand
hi? coterie of legpullers. This is grossly libel
nus, and the article proceeds to follow up the
matter on the same lines. It may be that
newspapers arc constantly engaged in publish
ing sucb articles as tnese and are not prose
cuted for it. The reason for this probably is
that the newspapers wield such an influence
that the ordinary citizen does not dare to
prosecute them. It is the duty of the court to
protert the private characters of citizens from
assault.
You have said nothing by way of retracting
this article, and so you stand before this court
just as if you wrote the article yourself. It is
my painful dutj» to imnose a sentence in this
caie which will deter others from repeating
the offense. As 1 said before, it is the duty of
the court to protect the reputation of cilizen3.
it is the judgment of this court that you pay a
tine of $250 and serve the term of five days in
the City Prison, and in case the said fine is not
paid you shall be imprisoned in the City
Prisou one day for each $2 of the said fine re
maining unpaid.
Mr. High filed a bond and will appeal to
che Superior Court.
ANOTHER HITCH.
School Directors Find It Hard to Act
Irregnlarly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. j
Director Myra Knox, chairman of the
:ommittee on rules and regulations of the
City Board of Education, presented a
recommendation at the board meeting last
svening to amend the rules in order that
Eleyraond Russ, who had been illegally
•lected a teacher in the High School two
necks previously, might be a qualified
.eacher.
A t the time of Rnss' election to a posi
;ion in the High School, there was a rule
n force which said "No person shall be
elected to a position as teacher in the
High School who has not had two years'
experience in teaching. " Tnis made Mr.
Boas' election illegal, as he had just
graduated from the State University last
June, and had never taught. That was the
rule that the board attempted to amend
last night
Section 33 of the rules and regulations
reads:
Ihe rules and regulations maybe amended
or repeal ed at any regular meeting of the
board by an affirmative vote of seven members;
notice of such proposed amendment having
been given in writing at a previous regular
meeting.
Those opposed to the board's action de
clare that this will invalidate the amend
ment passed last evening.
In order to legally elect Mr. Russ, it is
now claimed that the board must wait
two weeks for a legular meeting, tiieri
give notice to amend the rules and then
wait two weeks more for another meeting.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alaraeda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chap: era.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. )
The suit of A. E. Alexander against Kosa A.
Alexander, for divorce, has beea transferred
to Sucramento County for trial.
Much of the furniture at the exposition
booths is from the large store of H. Scnellnaas
at Eleventh and Franklin streets.
The case of E.G. Buswell against the Super
visors and Auditor of Alameda County, now
on appeal, will be argued to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock.
Every man's namo was canceled on the
great register February 17, 1896. One must
register on o: before August 10 or lose the
chance to vote.
The case of Michael Collins, charged with
the murder of Philip Boogar, was continued
in the Superior Court before Judge Greene this
morning until Tuesday next.
Albert Lefort, the lad who attempted to ter
minate the mortal existence of August Olsea,
a livery-stable proprietor, was heid to answer
yesterday by Ju<lge Wood for assault with a
deadly weapon. Bonds were fixed at $2000.
Little Elsie Scanlan, aged 3 years, died at
the home of her parents, 1065 Kirkham street,
quite suddenly this morning of malignant
diphtheria. This is the first case of this I
i nature reported at the Health Office for some j
time.
The suit of E. M. Walsh against the Oakland
Water Company has been settled and dis
missed. The water company abated the I
nuisance of seepage from its Linda Vista res- j
ervoir and paid costs and a nominal sum ior
damages.
Edith Jones has petitioned for letters of ad
j ministration on the estate of Frederike Had
liche, deceased. The estate comprises real es-
I tate valued at about $4200. Bertha Reilly,
only child of deceased, residing at Turlock,
Stanislaus County, is sole heir.
A foreign-born citizen must be naturalized
ninety days before an election, and to-morrow
will be the last day in which to get natural
i ized in time to vote at the next election. The
courts will be open to-morrow niglit to accom
modate those who desire to be admitted to cit
izenship.
Nationalists to Organize.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aujr.4.— A meeting of
those interested in the organization of a
National party, the broad-gauged Prohi
bitionists, has been called to meet Monday
night at the office of F. W. Sawyer in the
Blake & Moffit building. The meeting is
called to organize a county central com
mittee.
MORE ADDITIONS MADE,
The Industrial Exposition Con
tinues to Attract Enor
mous Crowds.
M-ny Excursions From Interior
Towns ia the County Being
Arrange^.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. f
The people have set the stamp of ap
proval on the industrial exposition and
for the next two weeks it will be the social
promenade and rendezvous for all classes.
Many additions are still being made,
and in many ladies' booths there are sev
eral new features. One of the prettiest is
in the booth of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals. In one corner
Booth of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals at the Oakland
Exposition.
i is a miniature stable and in it is stalled a
handsome little Shetland pony, beauti- |
fully eroom«d. It was attended by a little j
boy in drab costume and wii* jrreatly ad- j
mired. In the woman's suffrage booth j
there is to be found a chair two centuries i
old that is pointed out with great interest i
by the ladies in charce.
Much interest is being shown in the in- |
terior of the county regarding the exposi
tion and several large excursions will be
run from interior towns.
Following are the programmes for to
morrow's e^ertainment and concert by
the Oakland Exposition Band:
AFTKRNOOJT
March— "Patria" Coerbet
Overture — "Ombra" Bennett
Fan rasie— "Jlari tana".. Wallace
Patrol— "Guard Mount" Kllenberg
Bell Cavott* '. Watson
Descriptive— "Darkeys Jubilee" Turner
"The Lost Chord" (for cornet solo) Snliivan
Intermezzo valse — "Love's Dream After the
Ball" Czibulka
Medle3- of popular souks Arranged by Beyer
Polka-"Llt tie ilarcia Marie" Min nis
KVKNINO.
March— "CoDitell ation" Clark
Overture— "Nabiicorlonoaer" Verdi ;
Fantasie— "Krminie'' Jakobowsky I
"The Soldier's i'reain" Kipley
Chilean dame-"Mftiiana" Missud
Overture— "Kra I'HavoIo" .Auber
Bolero— "In Old At ad rid" Troiere i
Waltz— "Danube Waves" Ivanovicl |
Medley of .Scotch songs Arranged by Walston !
Galop— "Petersburg sleigh Bells"..". "Bilenberg j
Programme by California Mandolin|Clnb,
asMSfd by Miss Mellic E. C: ase, vocalist,
and Miss Alice Whitby, accompanist:
Sneltoa Park— Tyrolean Satorius
California Mandolin Club.
Musical Glasses H. A. Duckworth
Vocal solo, "For the M*k« of the Past" Mjutei
Miss Xellle Chase.
March, "King Cot- on" feousn
California Mandolin Clnb.
Ocarina Quartet, (initiation of a sie«m caliope)
Medley Arraosed by (.eorge t. Lund
California Mandolin Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
DAIRY-OWNERS
ARE IN PERIL
Present a Vigorous Protest
to the City Coun
cil.
A STATE LAW NEEDED.
Over a Hundred Thousand Dol
lars Represented at Yester
day's Meeting.
DOUBT AS TO TUBEECTILINE.
Many New Foints Are Embodied in
the Arguments of the Cow-
Owners.
Oakland Office San Feanci6co Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. )
A very important meeting of the dairy
men ot Alameda County was held this
afternoon at which forty dairies were rep
resented. Several arguments were made
and finally all the points were embodied
I in the following interesting protest that
I will be formally presented to the City
Council next Monday nigntr
There is now t>ending before your honorable
I body a proposed ordinance for the regulation
of the sale of milk, etc., and certain amend-
I merits thereto suggested and proposed by the
I Board of Health of this city. The under
j signed dairymen of Alameda County desire to
enter our protest against the adoption of cer
tain provisions of said ordinance and against
I the amendments thereto suggested.
i In the beginning, permit us to state that we
are in favor of any honest and fair method for
the inspection of our dairies and for the pro
tection of tiie public against the sale of impure
milk, but we strenuously object toaconfisca
| tiou of our property by arbitrary method!
both unsafe and unfair. Most of us have been
engaged in business in this community for a
good many years and we represent a consider
able amount of property and capital invested,
and we respectfully submit that our
business and our property are fully as
much entitled to consideration and^rotection
! and respectful consideration as are those of
I some of the radical gentlemen and health
officers of this city. We attended in a body
on Saturday evening last a meeting of the
Board of Health, the primary object oi which
j was the consideration of a proposed amend
j menttothe proposed ordinance empowering
i the Health Officials of this city to subject our
' cattle to what is known as the tuberculine test
: before we would be permitted to sell any milk
in the city, and to condemn our cattle accord
ingly. Our protest was not only disregarded,
but it was unanimously proposed to test our
property by "all scientific methods." Under
tbis amendment the Health Officers are made
the sole judges of our cattle, and if they make
any mistake we nave no redress. We do not
believe the tuberculine test, as it is yet at
least an experiment; it is a direct descendant
of the Koch cure for consumption, which has
proved an absolute failure.
As Dr. Bradley, the city's Health Officer, said
! Saturday night: "It is a failure as a cure for
consumption, but as a killer of cows It is a
success."
There seems to be an impression among the
j members ot the I^oard of Health that were our
cattle to be condemned or killed the Council
would makfl some remuneration to us for the
I loss sustained, but there exis:s no such author
i ity." And where by the mistake of the officer a
j healthy cow is killed, it is not only the loss of
the cow thnt we suffer, but the time, annoy
ance and expense of a lawsuit, as well as the
trouble and time of obtaining other cattle to
replace thuse so condemned or killed. We are
compelled frequently to replenish our stock
from places at a long distance. The party
1 who sells to us is under no obligation to sub
mit his entile to any tnbercnline or scientific
test. We are compelled to u?e our own judg
ment in the purchase of stock, unless we go to
the impossible expense of taking a veterinary
surgeon along to make a test.
Being purely local, the proposed ordinance
is unfair and unjust. If it is to be applied, it
should be applied indiscriminately through
out the entire State and to all dairy products.
Butter and cheese are shipped into this city
from all over the State. If the germs of bacilli
exist in nsilK, they are not destroyed in the
manufacture of butter and cheese. *
lithe suggestion of Dr. Selfridge— that the
application of the tuberculine test may possibly
supply the cows with tuberculosis that is after
ward found in their lungs or milk — should be
proven to be correct, we ask you to consider
the enormous injustice such an arbitrary
measure would inflict, upon us. We further
cbject to the raising of the present standard of
milk, as there is not any complaint from cus
tomers where milk reaches the present
standard. It will be often impossible in the
winter months, by reason of the condition of
feed at that time, to guarantee the proposed
inert-used test.
The dairy interests of Alameda County
are roundly estimated at $120,000, and the
owners have employed Attorney Clinton
G. Dodge to represent them. They are
unanimous in their declaration that if the
ordinance is passed as at present framed
tuey will carry the matter into the courts.
ITS LENGTH UNKNOWN.
r Cutting Ofl" a Main >ewer Causes Coii-j
sternation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 4.— The City
Council granted tbe Adult Blind Home
permission to connect with the Telegraph
averjuo sewer last evening. The residents
north of Thirty-sixtb street are out of the
city limit-, hence are not supposed to get
the benefits of that sewer.
Years ago when the sewer was first laid
one or two property-owners living nearest
the line were granted permission to make
a connection. Years rolled on and noth
ing more was heard of the matter. After
the first connection was made it passed
out of the Council's jurisdiction. Each
succeeding property-owner connected
With bis neighbor's sewer toward the city
line. Nobody objected for no one had any
right to object, and so it went on.
It is not known at the present time
where the sewer has its head. Borne peo
ple have been bold enough to as«ert that
all of the sewatre from Teraescal flows
through Oakland by this means. Be that
as it may the Council is planning to shut
the sewer up at Thirty-sixth street as soon
as the Blind Home makes its connections.
If this is done the locality will be in a bad
fix.
In speauing of the matter before the
Council John R. Glascock said the
property- owners might have an easement
upon the sewer from the fact of having
used it for so lonju He was not prepared
to say positively, but wished the Council
to investigate the matter.
INWALL IS IN JAIL
Says He Is Unable to Pay Any Fine,
Hence Will l'« Released.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 4. — Judge
Greene to-day signeci the formal com
mitment in the case of Harry J. Inwall
to-day, and the latter was led off to the
County Jail by a Deputy Sheriff. His
wife was in court and accompanied him to
the jail.
Inwall says he is financially unable to
pay the fine of 1 100 imposed by Judge
Greene, and at the expiration of the five
days he will apply for a dismissal. No
alternative was given in the sentence of
the court. _
Wilaon't firebrand.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 4.— There was
an animated argument at the meeting of
the Board of Public Works to-night, when
Commissioner Wilson introduced a resolu
tion forbidding members of the Fire and
Police departments from taking any active
part in politics. Tbis raised a storm from
Mayor Davie.
"There is already a rule in the regula
tions for the Police and Fire depart
ments," said the Mayor, "and this matter
is very clearly provided for. You two
gentlemen nave now got all your frienas
employed and it appears to me that you
are tryins to invent an excuse for declar
ing vacancies to provide for others. This
thing is an outrage and cannot be too
heartily condemned."
Mr. Peirsol and Mr. Wilson denied the
accusations of the Mayor and passed the
resolution. _^_^_______
HE DEFIES THE AUDITOR.
Ex-Tax Collector Rosborough
£ays the Tax Shortage
Farce Should End.
If Suit Be Brought He Pledges That
He Will Neither Demur Nor
Ask for a Jury.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. J
The proceedings in the case of the short
age in the treasury that have been in
progress nearly a year reached a very in
teresting stage to-day.
Leo Parke, a deputy who worked under
Tax Collector Rosborough, went before
the Grand Jury and demonstrated very
clearly that the second shortage, alleged
to have been discovered by Expert Snow
last week, has no existence. It is said
that Mr. Snow admitted the truth of
Parke's figures to the jury.
Aiex Rosborough said to-day that he is
thoroughly disgusted vrith the whole pro
ceeding. "My accounts tally to a cent,"
he said, "and this attempt to throw the
responsibility of the shortage on me is the
rankest kind of work to blind the true is
sue. If Mr. "Whidden is innocent of the
responsibility, why does he not at once
bring suit against me to compel me to pay
the money over to him?
"When those nine indictments were re
turned apainst him, wi>y did he demur j
and demur and try to prove that the j
Grand Jury which issued thorn could not
issue the indictments legally, because one
of tbeir number committed suicide before
its discharge? I defy Mr. \vhtdden to
bring suit against me. All I want is a
trial. I want that civil suit to be brought.
I do not fear it.
"The shortage should really be greater
than it is. District Attorney Snook al
lowed Mr. Whidden to pay his relatives'
taxes after the time they should have
been sold. He had no right whatever to
have nermitted it any more than to have
extended the privilege to any other citi
zen."
"There is a lot of monkey work being
done and it is all for a purpose. That
purpose is certainly not to shield me. My
name was forged to those receipts and I
think the le^al talent that has been delv
ing into the case should have been able to |
put the matter in such shape that it could I
have pone into the courts and have been
settled months ago, instead of consuming
so much time and being such a burden of
expense to the county.
"The whole affair has been the most
disgraceful kind of scandal and I wish '■
nothing more than that Mr. Whidden
bring a civil suit to compel me to turn
over that shortage. That is all I ask and
I pledge myself not to enter a single de
murrer or even ask for a jury."
CHILD SAVING.
A Timely Report That Is Being Circu
lated &t the Industrial
Exposition.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Aug. 4.— A little pam
phlet on "Child Saving" wan distributed
at the Exposition last night that sets forth
very clearly the work and need of the
Children's Society under the direction of
Mrs. Lydia Prescott.
Tne following paragraphs convey their
own lesson:
Mrs. Prescott's semi-annual report presented
at the July meeting of the board of directors
bespeaks in no uncertain tone the wisdom of
establishing a branch in Oakland and guaran
teeing the personal and office expenses of the
agent.
Tr.e report shows that since December last
no less than 218 applications have been en
tered for just such legal protection of unfortu
nate childhood as this society in its corporate
capacity can give. Of these cases 189 were
carefully investigated in the interest of 315
children. This gave rise to 29 prosecutions,
resulting in 19 convictions, 3 acouittals and 7
dismissals.
Dependent children have bsen cared for as
follows: Returned to parents, 23; in private
homes, 34 ; accommodated temporarily at Cha
bot Home, 27; sent to west Oakland
Home, 18; to Ladies' Relief Home, 9: to
Beulah Orphanage, 7; to Presbyterian Orphan
age, San Rafael, 8; Boys' Orphanage, San Ma
teo, 2; to Home of the Friendless, 5; Salvation
Army Home, San Francisco, 9; Youths' Direc
tory, San Francisco, 9; St. Joseph's Orphan
age, San Francisco, 5. The interviews of. per
sons and families necessary to a thorough in
vestigation of these cases were 282. Official
bnsinef s at Superior Court required 37 visits,
Police Court 28, County Jail and City Prison
36. For the appointment of guardian 22 peti
tions were filed and 34 children have become
wards of the society.
This society receives no public aid and is
maintained by dues from members, $5 per
annum, life membership $100, ai:<l by dona
tions Rnd bequests. And hs the public gener
ally become more enightened upon the sub
ject of children's rights and the effect upon
civilisation of protecting them in the exercise
of such, rights sis have been granted them by
law, then it is safe to conclude that the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention, ot Cruelly to
Children will not be forgotten by the charit
ably disposed and wealthy, who are accus
tomed to remember schools, orphanages and
hospitals in so substantial a manner.
Kx-President Allen.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 4.— Attorney T.
J. Garrity, who was nominated for presi
dent of the Acme Club last night, has de
clined the honor, and Judge J. J. Allen
will again be placed in the office. He
served satisfactorily one term a year aco,
and will be heartily supported by all the
members as he again resumes tne office.
CHAMPION LOUCES
TO VISIT BERKELEY
Will Be Accompanied by
Four Other Grecian
Athletes.
STUDYING OUR SYSTEMS.
He Expects to Make a Com
.plete Tour of ths
World.
WOH OF THE MARATHON RACE
The Doughty Attican Who Dsfeited
AH*Com?rs in the Forty-
Kilometer Run.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 4.— The ath
letes at the State University will reoeive a
visit before a great lengtn of time from
the greatest known long-distance runner
Spiros Lonces, the Attican Who Defeated Flock of Australia and Blake of
Boston in the Race From Athens to Marathon Dnrin; the Olympic Games,
and Who Will Soon Visit the Great American Institutions of Learning,
Including the University of California.
in the world. This man is none other
than Spiros Louces, the doughty Attican,
who defeated Flack, the giant Australian,
and Blake of Boston in the twenty-flve
mile race from Athens to Marathon dur
ing the Olympic games last June. Lonces
left Greece a few days ago in company
with a party of four fellow-athletes who
won fame at the Stadium for the purpose
of visiting the great educational institu
tions and athletic organizations in Europe
and subsequently to cross the Atlantic
and acquaint themselves with the Ameri
can universities and the system of athletic
training in practice h?re. His party pur
poses visiting the Pacific Coast, and the
first place they will strike for after arriv
ing will be Berkeley.
The party will be officially received by
C. Demetralr, president of the Hellenic
Benevolent Society of California, who is
in business in Berkeley and who has just
received advices from Louces. While
here they will of course visit the State
University and familiarize themselves
with the systems of athletic training in
vogue here. If the party comes directly,
visi ing the points of interest now listed
on their itinerary, they will reach here in
November — about the time the affairs of
football are at their highest pitch.
They will visit Boston, first of all, and
pay their respects to Blake, whom L^uces
beat out in the forty-kilometer run. Then |
their other American opponents in the j
Athenian games will be visited. Leaving j
California the party intend continuing
their trip so as to complete the circle of
the globe, visiting ABia and the islands of
the southern seas.
It was with much enthusiasm that Presi
dent Demetrak told the news of the com- j
ing of the party of distinguished athletes i
to a Call correspondent to-day. He said j
they would receive a hearty ovation from
theCalifornian Greeks upon their arrival,
and that no effort would be spared to
make their stay a pleasant one.
"The present Cretan difficulties," said
he, "may have something to do with de
laying the young travelers on their jour
ney, but 1 have just received news that
they have started out, and if nothing hap
pens they will be here all right in a few
weeks."
The champion, Louces, is described as
beine a man sligntly over mediumjieight,
slender and sinewy. He is 24 years of aef,
has clear, bright-gray eyes and very dark
hair. He is a peasant's son from Amar
oussi, a villaate near Attica. He is usually
attired in a clear, white fustanella, a blue,
embroidered waistcoat, a jacket with long
sleeves, a Grecian cap with tassel and red
zarruchias. When standing erect his
form and features are striking in the ex
treme, and his clear, bright eyes and
shapely head show a pleasing tempera
ment and a keen intellect.
Republicans in Trouble.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 4.— The Berke
ley Republican Club held a mass-meeting
last night in Odd Fellows' Hall. The
action of the County Central Comm ttee
in chcosing delegates to the Republican
convention was roundly denounced as a
usurpation of power. In the resolutions
passed it was stated that the executive
committee of the State Central Committee"
recommended that one-half of the election
officers for primary elections of August 15
be named by each committee, while the
Alameda County Committee adopted a
resolution at its meeting on August 1 or
dering that th« naming of these officers be
left to the discretion of the County Cen
tral Committeemen of each, town and
ward.
Upon the motion of Captain Ayer the
following resolution was subtended to the
others passed :
Be it further resolved that we look with
great apprehension on the action of the
County Central Committee in electing four
delegates at large, believing it to be a power
usurped, and that if Shid committee has the
right and power to elect one delegate it has
the right to elect the whole forty-seven.
The inarmonious conditions existing be
tween the Qounty Central Committee and
the Congressional Committee were much
deplored, and recommendations were
made for tne satisfactory adjustment of
tae.se matters.
Will Study at Harvard.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 4.— lnstructor
W. L. Jepson of the department of botany
at the State University will leave for Har
yard in a few days for the purpose of
studying for six months the types of Cali
fornia flora on hand there, and compar
ing the specimens in his herbarium with
them. He will take several large cases of
California plants with him, ana while at
ti^e Harvard herbarium will take note of
such specimens of California flora "there
which are not at Berkeley. He will also
take data on the characteristics of the
types which he rinds there. Harvard be
ing considered the center of botanical
knowledge of the United States, his work
there will be of great value to the State
University.
Instructor Jepson does not go on his
own responsibility, but is sent by tne
Board of Regents for the purpose men
tioned.
Wedding of Navy People.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 4.— Passed As
sistant Engineer Frank Conant, U. S. N.,
was married last evening to Mrs. E. N.
Van Vliet, widow of the late Brevet Lieu
tenant-Colonel Frederick Van Vliet, at the
residence of ths bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. T. C. Nucrent, 1804 University ave
nue. Rev. George E. Swan, rsctor of St.
Mark's Episcopal Ci.urch, performed the
ceremony. The wedding was a quiet one,
only the relatives of the contracting par
ties being present. Immediately aster the
wedding-supper the couple left for San
Francisco, and to-day they take the over
land train for Annapolis, Md., where the
groom will take a position as teacher of
mechanical engineering in the Naval
Academy.
Mr. Conant has been on the Pacific
Coast for the past three years, having been
stationed on the United States ship Phila
delphia. He was recalled recently from
duty &t sea, having served the regulation
three years immediately after graduation.
Ex-CaDtain is'ott Arrives.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 4.— Charles P.
Nott, Brown's football captain for the sea
son of 1895, who has been mentioned as a
strong candidate for the position of coach
for the University of California team this
season, arrived in Berkeley to-day. He
| immediately paid a call to Professor W.
A. Setchell, head of the department of
botany, under whom he will work in an
j ticipation of the doctor's degree. 'When
I spoken to about his probable connection
; with the Berkeley tram this fall he was
reticent, and stated that no arrange
ments had been made as to the work lie
will do witn the team. Before coming to
California, however, he was given encour- j
agement that he should at least serve as j
assistant in coactiing the team and that he
might be expected to look after the pre
liminary work of the season. What may
be done further has not yet been decided
upon.
Bible Seminary Curriculum.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aue. 4. — Presi
dent S. M. Jefferson of the Berkeley Bible
Seminary has announced the course of
study to be pursued in the new institu
tion. Two courses are offered, a classical
and an English course, the difference be
tween the two being that the classical re
quires a knowledge of both Greek and
Hebrew, while the English makes no such
requirement. The English course is in
tended primarily lor those who desire to
fit themselves for missionary or evangelis
tic work.
Berkeley Polling-Places.
BERKELEY. Cal., Aug. 4 —Four doll
ins- places have been provided for in
Berkeley for the Congressional primaries
to be held August 15. They will be at
East Berkeley for the portion east of Sac
ramento street; West Berkeley, Dwight
way and Lorin. For the territory between
Berkeley and Temescal there will be two
polling-places.
Brief News Items.
BERKELEY. Cal., Aug. 4.— The Board
of Education at it 3 meeting last night de
cided to rent the building on Ather'.on
street, formerly occupied by the Berkeley
Gymnasium, as a place to accommodate
the overflow from the high and grammar
schools. It was agreed to take the build
ing for five months at $100 per month.
P. Gilsenan was awarded the contract
for repairing the defective plumbing in
the Kellogg School building. «
D. R. Wood of Stockton has been elected
teacher of chemistry and physics at the
Berkeley Hit'h School. Mr. "Wood took
the degree B.S. from Cornell in '93, and
has been teaching in California for the
past three years.
The united People's party clubs of
Berkeley and Lorin will meet at Pythian
Hall to-morrow evening for the purpose of
discussing the work to be taken ud by the
Btate and County Central committees.
Professor Edward B. Clapp, head of the
dejiartment of Greek at the State Univer
sity, is reported to be dangerously ill in
the East.
During the recent absence in the country
of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Lipman of Dwight
way and Warring street burglars broke
into their unoccupied house and carried
away silverware, dress goods and bric-a
brac to the value of $250.
Tuesday afternoon, August 11, has been
set aside as a holiday for the school chil
dren of Berkeley, in order that they may
attend the Oakland Exposition in a body.
Lowell J. Hardy, a graduate of the State
University in the class of '79, is in toe
field as a candidate for Assemblyman from
the Fifty-first District. The State Univer
sity is included in tbis district.
ROBINSON'S EXAMINATION
In Process in the Police Court— To B»
Finished To-Day.
OAKLAND, Cau, Aug., 4.— Frank H.
Robinson, formerly publisher of the Ob
server, had a partial preliminary examina
tion in the Police Court this afternoon on
a charge of felony in assigning the type,
etc., of the Observer plant when it was
mortgaged to the Pacific States Type
Foundry.
Thomas Ball, the assignee, testified that
the assignment was made on the condi
tion that the printers would get the paper
j out the next morning; that it was pub
lisned according to the agreement. He
said that Robinson "tore around" because
I be men only set up one column of matter.
Deputy Recorder Mason testified to the
mortgage of the type foundry for $339 66
F. J. Gregory was a witness to the as
signment. He knew nothing of a chattel
mortgage haying been an the property.
THIS DAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION,
At 444 Van Neu Avenue.
FRANK \V. BLTTKKFIELD, Auctioneer.
19 Monigoinnry *ttreet.
r
Robinson was to raise the money by noon
the next day to redeem the material.
The matter was then postponed until
to-morrow morning in order to get an
other witness.
DAIRIES IN GOOD SHAPE,
Tuberculosis Scare is Causing
Dairy Owners to Or
ganize.
Board cf Education Declares Alameda
Day a Holiday— Bri:f
Items.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The black
board in the Board of Health's room shows
the dairies of the district to be in rirst-rate
condition. The general average for butter
and cream fats is favorable for this time
of the year ana the sanitary condition is
improving right alons. "The dairymen
are worrying about the condition of affairs
in San Francisco and Oakland and tne
agitation on the subject of pure milk and
tests of cows," says Veterinary Inspector
Carpenter. "This agitation will result in
the dairymen combining into a strong as
sociation and poin-,' before the next Legis
lature for an appropriation from the State
to indemnify them for the cows that are
to be killed. There would seem to be
some justice in Jhis claim also. It is well
known that there are stages in tubercu
losis when the secretory glands and the
milk are not affected.
"No doubt injustice has been done in
many a case and the dairymen want
some compensation. Tnis is not the case
in Alaraeda |city. There has never been a
cow killed but was voluntarily delivered
by the owner and slaughtered with his
consent."
Board of Education,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The Board
of Education at its meeting this evening
had to grapple with the difficulty that
always confronts it at the beginning of
each school term, viz. : (he overcrowding
of certain of the schools. To overcome
the difficulty a certain number of the chil
dren are drafted into other districts, and
the parents and children grumble accord
ingly. The classification committee was
instructed to modify the attendance at the
Porter, Haight and Encinal scools in ac
cordance with the teaching capacity and
floor area. The board declared a school
holidny on Monday, August 13, so that
the children might attend the Oakland
Exposition on Alameda day. Tbe round
trip on the cars, including admission to
| the exposition on that day, was stated to
be 25 cents for adults and 10 cents for all
school-children wearing badges, which
will be supplied by the committee.
There were enrolled yesterday 2253
pupils. Accounts to the amount of $1928 05
for supplies and stationery were passed
for payment.
Alameda Choral Society.
ALAMEDA, Cau, Aug. 4— The choral
society is to start again next Monday
night in Tucker's Hall. "The Messiah 1 *
is tiie work chosen for the next concert,
which will be held about Christmas time.
Miss Jones, Mrs. Phil Barton and F. N.
Eckley we:e chosen as a committee to
nominate officers, and Messrs. Eckart and
George Innes were appointed to draw up
a constitution and by-laws.
Electric Light Wnrks.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The City
Trustees are having no end of trouble with
Contractor Consiable in his work at the
electric light station. Where the work
j has not been in compliance with the spe
, cirications, it has had to be done over
again and this has given rise to unpleas
antness. When the roofing was ready to
go on, black iron was used and not galvan
ized iron. This the Trustees will not have,
and Constable insists on using it, as the
specifications do not call for galvanized.
The Library Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 4.— The libra
rian's report was the only item of interest
received or discussed at the Library
Trustees' meeting this evening, at which
a bare quorum was present. The report
showed 11,073 volumes issued during the
present month, the largest number ever
given out in any month. Bills amount
ing to $799 were passed for payment.
Brief Items-
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 4.— Some of the
large assessments on the city roll are:
Paoihc Coast Borax Company, $53,000;
Pacific Coast Oil Company, $75,000; Oak
lard Ga<=, Light and Heat Company,
$74,150; Oakland Water Front Company,
$1^9.800; Artesian Water Works, $155,250;
Pacific Improvement Company, $140,800;
Pacific Land Investment Company, $123,
-950; N. Clark <fe Sons, $42,000; Eraile G.
Cohen, $207,860.
Percy J. Brown and Miss Mac McKee
were married this afternoon in the parlors
of the Presbyterian Church. Thejweddine
was a very quiet one, only a few intimate
friends ot the bride being invited.
Mrs. Helen Arents, wife of Albert
Arents, mining engineer, 581 Railroad ave
nue, d;ed yesterday from an abdominal
operation in the Woman's Hospital, San
I Francisco. The funeral will take place
from the family residence on Thursday at
1 :30 p. M.
• — » ■»
Gray horses are considered stronger
than brown ones, and Hereafter only gray
ones are to be used for artillery purposes
in., the Russian army.
.NEW TO-DAY.
i! JiF« CUTTER
|5j EXTRA
0 ft ii m ft n
Jll Bourbon
has been
»n a staple
family and
i -tjl medicinal
i ** sxtba H; j for a
; AB^ <& quarter- '
■ s?*5 ?* '■' ■ -; ; "
■ - * century.
is—si R MARTIN
= F^^^g 411 Market St.,
y^^W Dr.Gibbon'spispeasary,
A*«?t&«J^ <>25 X EAK.\ V ST. . Estibllshed
J)u«ln I*s 8 for the treatment of Private
<* a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<)-")KKAR.vysT. Established
in I*sB for the treatment of Private
HMMrti Lost Manhood. Debility or
kMHwUn wearing on body and mind and
liJB&alZ n Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
igBHSB cs3 others fall. Try him. Charges low. -
. rnrroKiiarantrrd. Callorwrite.
:2r. J. f. \mUMBQX. Box l9s7.Saa i'runciac*
1314
ACCUSED SEVEN
LEAVING TOWN,
The Summer Vacation of
Six Weeks May Be
Abridged.
BY ORDER OF COURT.
Grand Jury and Civic Federation
Will Press the Accusa
tion.
ON ILLEGAL REGISTRATION.
Three Cases Referred by Registrar
Hinton Will Be Considered
Next Friday.
The seven Supervisors who were re
cently accused by the Grand Jury of cor
ruptly conspiring to favor corporations
and defraud the City of several thousand
dollars are making preparations to leave
the City for a vacation of six weeks. It
seems that they have arranged to have j
the City and County Attorney appear in i
court orf August 11 to represent them and j
account for their absence.
It is said at the office of the board that j
Supervisor Benjamin is gome on a fishing j
trip to Catalina Island. Supervisor Wag- j
uer was booked to start for Milwaukee, |
Wis., last evening. Supervisor Hughes j
is planning for a vi&it to the mountains.
It may turn out that the court will de
mand the actual presence of the seven I
Supervisors to answer the accusation j
which the Grand Jury has presented j
against them. The Supervisors are in
clined to view the complaint to oust them
from office as a proceeding which will not
require their piesence in the court, or else
they accept the view that the court will
postpone the hearing of the accusation to
suit their convenience.
The Grand Jury is taking note of pass
ing events. There may be more energy
displayed in the handling of th> case than
the recreation-loving Supervisors now
apprehend. Next Saturday the Civic Fed
eration will hold a meeting and then the |
subject of employing counsel to assist the
Grand Jury and District Attorney will be
considered. It is not indicated that Dis
trict Attorney Barnes will need help, but
if he does require it he will be promptly
re-enforced.
There was no session of the Grand Jury j
yesterday, but a conference between the
foreman^ Frank M-askey, and Theodore
Payne took place. Members of the Grand
Jury are pretty well convinced as to the
identity of the Solid Seven's broker. No
intelligence has been received to indicate j
a desire on the part of P. B. Cornwall to j
delay his return to the City. He is ex- j
pected to appear as a witness at the session j
next Friday.
Yesterday Registrar Hinton and Dis
trict Attorney Barnes conferred on the
subject of the illegal registration cases \
which have b:'en referred to the Grand '
Jury. As both officers wore busy on other
matters the conference was not prolonged.
The Registrar reported last evening that
there were no new developments. The
Grand Jury at its session next Friday will j
take up the three cases referred to it and j
make a thorough investigation of thefac*s. '
If it is found that perjury has been com- j
mined indictments will be promptly pre- j
sented.
The District Attorney and the Grand j
Jury gave the subject close attention at
the last meeting or the jury, and it was |
then decided that every effort should b« !
made to uphold the Registrar in carrying j
out measures to insure honest registration. !
Horace D. Dunn, expert, is engaged in
tbe work of preparing the final report of |
the Grand Jury. The preparation of the
report does not indicate immediate ad
journment sine die. The jury may re
main in session until the tax levy is fixed.
It is said that the final report will contain
some figures as to municipal expenditure
that will create surprise in the commu- '
nity. The expert has been making some
inside researches to ascertain how public
money is expended and what the City re
ceives for the outlay, or rather what it
does not receive.
The statement was originally prepared i
for transmission to the Supervisors in!
order to assist them in making up the an-'
nual estimates for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1897, but after the solid seven
lowered the assessments for water, light
and street-railway corporations in face of
the figures of the jury showing that the
valuation should be increased, it was re
solved to deal with the Supervisors in a
different way. The statistics and vital
facts prepared by the expert will be em
bodied in the closing report.
THE REDUCTION INDORSED
The City and County Attorney on
South of the Park
Taxes.
Horizontal Cut of Thirty Per Cent on
That District Declared
to Be Legal.
City and County Attorney Creswell
rendered an important opinion yesterday
in the matter of the south of tbe Park as
sessments that were lowered by the Board
of Supervisors sitting as a Board of Equali
zation. The State Board of Equaliza
tion objected to tbe reduction and Auditor
Brodencfc asked the opinion on the
matter.
The opinion which sustains the local
board is as follows:
William Brodertek, Esq., Auditor of tne City
and County of San Francisco— Dear Sic : I have
been requested by the Judiciary Committee of
the Board of Supervisors to give you my opin
ion of the "legality of tbe action of the Board
of Supervisors in reducing the assessed value
of the property gouth of the park upon the ap
plication of tne Assessor, acting 'in behalf of
himself and the property-owners, so as to make
it conform to its true value and to equalize
the assessments of property on the assessment
book." Accompanying this request was a let
ter addressed to you from the clerk of the
State Board of Equalization calling your at
tention to the action of the Board of Super
visors in making the reduction.
Section 3672, I'ollt^eal Code, requires the
Board of Supervisors of each county to meet
as a Board of EqunUzation on the first Monday
of July in each year, and to continue in ses
sion not later than the third Monday in July.
The roll as equalized has been turned over to
you as Auditor and the Board of Equalization
cannot now make any changes in it.
The legality of the act of the ooard in the
matter under consideration can only be de
termined by a court of competent jurisdiction
in an action commenced to test that question.
In the case of the People vs. Ashbury, 44
Cal. 619, it is held to be your duty to disre
gard any order or proceeding of the board by
which it assumes au authority not coi. :erred
upon it by law. In that case the Board of
Equalization hfd not attempted to equalize
an assessment as it was bound in law to do,
but endeavored to cancel or strike out an
assessment which it had no power to do.
The board reduced the assessment in the
district south of the park. In equalizing the
roll it was the duty of the board to make the
reduction if It found that the property there
had been over-valued in the assessment. To
make a reduction in such a case is an au
thority conferred by law. The reduction hav
ing been within the power of the board you
have no power to disregard the act; you must
obey it.
The case of People vs. Ashbury, above cited,
at page 618 reads as follows: "It may be ad
mitted that if the alteration appearing to
have been made by the board be one within,
or which might, under auy conceivable cir
cumstances, be within the power and author
ity of the board to make upon the assessment
roll, it would be the duty of the Auditor to
observe it in making the duplicate taxbook for
the use of the Collector. Thus, an order of the
board increasing or reducing the valuation of
property borne upon the assessment book,
being the determination of a complaint made
in regard to the Assessor's value of the prop
erty, under sections 3673 and 3674 of the act,
could not be properly disregarded by the Audi
tor in subsequently making the copy of the
book or adding up the valuations thereon."
Respectfully, Harry T. Creswell,
Attorney and Counselor.
August 4, 1896.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J H JacoK Grand Island F Fitch, Cal
W C Waters.Watsonville T F Lloyd, Fresno
J T Mcl'ail, Forest Hill Miss McCall. Forest Hill
L L Chamberlain, Aubrn J H Wells. Auburn
P L Kensle, Auburn T T Everett <fe w, Sacto
J N J.arkin. Sarto J L Claire, Cal
C Teay, Oroville 0 .T Cavanagh, Fort Brgg
Mrs Cagney, Hollister Miss s Brown, Hollister
Miss B Brown. Hollister Mrs Poole, Chicago
A M Hooley, San Jose T B West, San Jose
E Gray, Los Angeles Miss Brown Sacto
Mrs R H Spencer, Sacto Lucy M Woodburn, 8 Jse
T A Farr. NY E Selleman, Cal
W D Sheehan, Stockton J-McCudden, Valtejo
W J Howatt, Sausallto O F Seavy. Auburn
J M Vance A w. Eureka E H Vance, Eureka
Miss Hayes.Los Angeles Mrs H Hayes, Redlands
C A Gorham, Mass J G Thompson, Mass
F Banlett, Llvermore Mrs Bartlett, Llvermore
Fred Cox, Sacto Miss Cox, Sacto
Thos Flint Jr. San Juan C H Roberts & w. Sacto
Miss Drady,,Vallejo G H Thomas, Mich
H E Adams, Stockton SP Loughborough, N V
M M Lyman, St Helena C E Chambers, Pasadena
G W Davis, Salem L Radcliffe, Sacto
J C Frfck, Gllroy W Pritchard <S w, Sacto
A M Smith, Oroville B V Hoover&w, Klk Grv
C O Burnett, Stockton B X Coffman, Chicago
J J Helbron, Salinas P C Callahan, Monterey
V Hollister, Courtland
LICK HOUSE.
J A Kemp, Juneau Mrs L T Hatfield&fy.Cal
R M Ha field, Sacto C F Siugletary, Ban Jose
J P Vincent, Fresno C T Cook, Alameda
H V Hoo rehouse, Cal J R Cole, Cal
Q W Youn*. Napa F E Pierce. USA
Mrs A J McLeo.i, Cal Miss JessieKLiddell.ColO
W H McKenzie<fcw,Cal A ttcKeosir, Fresno
Dr Q A Hare, Fresno "\V A Ho well, Cal
W D McDonald, Cal O P Jenkins, Palo Alto
\v Casey, Los Angeles B a Howard, >acto
W Sexton, f*an Jose R 0 Smith A w, cal
W H Wood A w, i al E Michaels, Mar. Inez
CoUTHarrington&w.Cal Mrs X H Hatton, Cal
E G Hatton, Monterey W Karrett. Monterey
J nlcßride, Sacto F B Hatch, Ashland
H H Hatch. Sacto MrsJ Pierce, Pescadero
A B Ellis, Stockton X W Pratt, Stockton
A W Hoa« &w. Boston B U Robertson, Cal
W Nash Aw, Monterey JViss Jessie Nash, Cal
C English, Buckley G C Niece, Cal
J R Lawler. Rochester J B Tillson. Sacto
G W Uarrett, Brooklyn A C Baker, Salinas
J A Barr, Stockston L T Hutfleid, Sacto
D C Morgan, Sacto Miss M N Yardley, Utah
GTJo.ies, NY Mrs P C Clark, Tucson
G P Clark, Tucson C P Clark, Tucson
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
P Geldner, Stockton A V Phillips A fy, Point
E F Sunman &w, Point Arena
Arena W E Opicer. San Jose
J Reidy, San Diego FC Leonard, New York
C S Chapman, St Louis W C Kt-ynolds, Salinas
E Hutchinson, Sta Kosa J M Walker, Visalia
D A Hamm, Stockton H D Knight, Portland
S Beck, Boi!>e, laaho Miss Beck, Leavenworth
Q 0 Kenyon, Portland Miss Cooper, Portland
Miss Manton, Portland Miss Gaiitier, Portland
-Miss H McDowell, Or F W Dewey, Chicago
J E Kiggs, Chehalis G vv Madison, Red Bluff
G Briggs & w, Kedlands Miss B Briggs, Redlands
C C Baier, Redlands Mrs Lawhead, Petaluma
D S Wilber, San Diego T Christensen, Los Ang
C O Hill & w, Tracy O McEntee, Idaho
G Crellon, Idaho J W Bur^et, ludiana
H A Marun, Sauta Rosa O J Treat A w, feta Rosa
Mrs J Wilson, Fresno J Lynn. Dayton, Ohio
R J Dishman <fe w, Or G Wilson <fe w, Sta Cm*
J Blackhurst <fe w, Minn
PALACE HOTEL.
J E McDowell, Ft Union C _i Moulton, Tacoma
H Yerrington, Carson R A Sweet, Chicago
J R Case, Chicago F M Wade, Jacksonville
F H Burk <fe w, Vacaville W B Conover, Chicago
Jos Struthers, N V M C Conkey, N V
E Koth <S w. St Louis Miss C Roth, St Louis
Miss S Ro h, St Louis Mrs I 0 Stump, N V'
I C Boss. City of Mexico J H Call, Los Angeles
Mw A H Boyer & d, Pa C A Merrimer <fe w, L A
Mrs C D Porter, Spokane D Melone. Oak Knoll
J H L Holcombe, D S N Mrs E C Voorheis.Sutter
Miss voorhees, Sutter Cr Creek
J F Boyd, San Rafael H F Spraquet, N Orleans
Mrs D L Rogers. Si Louis O G Sage, Sacramento
J B Peakes, Stockton Mrs it Mason, St Lauis
H Kobayashi. Japan M Keber & w, St Louis
F Barrel, Ban Joaquin V E P Hoyle, Los Angeles
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E C Duncan. Willows V Durand, Lick Mill
J H Hooper & w. Boston Andrew Ose. Oakland
A B Fowler <£ w, Hongkg Cbas B shop, Astoria
John Hayes. Asoria J Alexander, Cuff Core
Win Perkins. Chicago John Whidi, Chicago
H Fiegatzi, Chicago S Youngs, N V
R H Denning, NY T B O'Brien. Washington
J H Fuller, Antioch E S Calvert, ChlChgo
C H Cupt <fe w, Chicago Mrs Penfola, S Monica
Mrs License, Portland R Mylar, banta Kosa
Mrs H W High, Madera W E Welch, w <fee, Kans
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W G Thompson, Napa J A Brothers, Oakland
G E Gardner, Pasadena Mrs E seaborir, Ls Aagls
W E Clark, Philadelphia J A Parsons, Belvedere
M Speyer, Michigan J E Miller, Chicago
T A cottoy, Va.lejo A Willis, San Diego
F A Morton, Santa Kosa Mrs Mor.oii. Santa Rosa
C Collins. Fresno H Ricnerson, Fresno
J Morris, San Jose Miss Watts, Butte
Mrs C Smith, Butte C Dillon, Woodland
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Aionzo and Mary E. Trueworthy to Elizabeth
K. Taft, lot on E line of Webster street, 137:6 N
of Broadway, N 24 by E 137:6; $10.
Bernard Conwdy 10 Elizabeth J. Conway, lot on
8 line of McAllister street, 87:6 W of Fillmore,
W 2.5 by S 137:6: gifu
Lonis G. F. H. and Louisa Schmidt to Charles
B. Stone, lot on W line of stelner street, 67:6 S of
Turk, S 27:6 by W 106:3; $10.
Albert J. Kalsch to Emma V. llaisch. lot on N
line of Fell street, 106:3 E of Lott, E 25 by N
137:6: gif .
William T. Jewell to Mary A. Jewell, lot on 8
line of Frederick street, 207 :6 Wof Stany an, W3O
by S 137:6; *10.
Horace W. Carpentler to Maria Hall Williamson,
formerly Maria Hall, lot on :\' corner of Howard
aid Thi"* en h streets. NE 221, NW 10fl:7, S\V
220, SE 10i:4V 2 : gift,
Cuanes and _\anette Mayer to Giosue and Mary
Bo'.tanzi. lot on S\V corner of Liberty and Guer
rero streets, S 50 by W 92:6; $10.
Michael Kegan to Abbie E. Hunt (wife of T. R.),
lot oti S lint of Twenty-third street. 230 E of
Guerrero, E 25, b 100, W 6, S l4, W 20, N 114; $10.
John A. and Abigail McConnell to Charles C.
and Nettie A. Kubert, lot on N line of Twentieth
street, 100 E of Diamond, E 25 by N 100; 810.
Helene Geantit to Alphonse Geantit, all interest
In lot on S line of Union street, 167:6 W of Powell,
W 38:9 by 562:6; gift.
William S. and Ja^ie Phelps to Sarah A. Wall
(wife of Samuel W. ), lot on W line of Jones street,
60 S of Pacific, S 30 by W 52:4; 810.
The Han Francisco Gaslight company to the
Abner Doble Company, lot on d corner of Howard
and Fremont streets. SW 157:6, Sifi 80, N E 20,
BE 11:8, XX 137:6, NW 91:8; $10.
John Jl Feehan to Jame« t. Feehan, lot on W
corner of First and Natoma streets, N W 38 by s\V
60: $5.
John James Cass to Bridget Cass, lot on SE line
of Silver street, 470 SW of Third, SW 30 by SE
80: also lot <>n NW line of Silver street. 75 SW of
Third, SW 25 by NW 75: also lot on SE line of
Perry street 75, SW of Third, SW 60 by SK 80;
gift-
Bernard Conway to Elizabeth J. Conway, lot on
SE line of Howard street 76, NE of sixth, NE
26:1J/is by SE 80; gift.
Thomas F. and Amelia M. Mitchell to Augustus
D. t-.nc. alary Pratt, lot .on W line or Utah street,
150 Sot Sonoma, S 25, \. 96, NW 26, E 103:8;
$10.
{ Johanna Krabbenhoft to William A. H. Krab
' benhoft, lot. on NW corner of Coiusa street and
Pennsylvania avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Solomon, Dor», Bernhard and Rose i>etz to
Adeline Levin, lot on W line of Twenty-second
avenue, 100 M of A street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
H. W. Mathews to Mrs. R. Samuel (wife of 8.
j A.), lot on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 100
N of J street, N 50 by W 120: $10.
S>. J. Hhelper and W. G. Walton to E. L. Wal
cott, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 125 8
of T street, s 60 by W 120; $!SOO.
Sarah J. Keatln? (wife of T. W.) t« Elsie C.
Keating, re-record of 1 649 tl 350, lot on N line of
! Silver avenue, 50:1 X of Cram, N 109:10, E 60, S
112:6, W 50:1, lot 23, block 9, College Homestead
Association: gift.
Kobert F. and Ellen Howe to Thomas and Mar
garet Creanev, lot on E line or Columbia place
(Alabama street), 350 N of Parker, N 33:4, E
197:4, 8 34, W 210, Precita Valley, lot 216; $10.
ALAICEDA COUNTY.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Newton Gray, lots
21 and 22, block I, map of Andrew Jones subdivi
sion of Brooklyn Township; $10.
James 31. Haven and William K. Flint to Au
gust a Hartvie. lot on N line of county road No.
1135, 137:9 E from E line of County road No. 721,
leading from Brooklyn to Moraga'Valley, thence
SE 75. NE 100, W 76, S 100 to beKinning, being
lot 3 of Nonh Brooklyn Survey, Eust Oakland;
#370.
Geraldine, Luvla K. and Elvira Clement to Ala
meda Savings Bank, lot on S line of Eagle avenue,
28. W of i verett street, W • 8 by S 150, being lot
10 and W 8 teet of tot 12, block E, Alameda-sta
tlon Homestead Trace. Alaueda; $1.
Bnce and Johanna Brown to Charles Lambert,
lot on 8 line ot Thirty-seventh street, 3c'6 W of
Market, W 4) by SIUO. being portion of lot&9and
10, b ock B, map of portion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy's
property, Oaklxnd 'lowoship; $10.
William and Maria Hanson to James S. Hayes,
the B 20 feet lots 9, 10 and 11, block C, Carrison
Traci . Berke.ey; $10.
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck to K. Q. and Mrs. E.
S. Turner, lot. on N line of Bancroft way, 673.11 W
i of Shatiuck avenue, W 50 by N 185, being portion
- oflplat 68, Kancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley;
$10.
Hermine Graeiz to Elizabeth Hofrieder, lot on
W line of Milvia street, 55.70 j» of v edar, s 50 by
W 135, being lot 2. block A, Eureka Homestead,
Berkeley, subject to a mortgage: $10.
Andy L. Stone to May Edith Roberts, lot on SE
line of Orchard avenue. 62.60 NE of Sunnyside
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
street, NE 150 by SE 140, being lots 9, 10 and 11,
map of Marion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
B. C. and C. T. Moss to N. P-. fcorensen lots 43 to
50, map of resubd. vision of lots ..9 to 60, ilackin
non and Uohrman Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Krnest H. Guldner to Ma«gie Guldner, lot on
NW corner of Moss avenue and Chetwood street.
W 44.03, N 143.65, E 44, 8 143.96 to beginning,
beiuK ioi 6, block B, Stanford Tract, Oakland: gift.
C. Kodrigues (administrator of estate of Maria
C. Lawrence), to Frank Chase, lot on SW line of
East Fifteenth street. 125 NW of Nineteenth ave
nue. NW 25 by s\V 140, being lot 18, block 20,
San Antonio, Kast Oakland; $950.
M. and Marie Kraker to Levy siebenbauer. lot«
16 and 17, block '<!luB, Aliien Tract, at Temescal,
Oakland Township; $10.
A. M. and Mary C. Benham to Mat Mathison,
lot 76, Drexler Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
W. A. Knowles and Kdward H. Hart, lot 26,
block I, Broadway Terrace, Oakland Township;
$10.
Same to same, lots 1 to 6, block V: lots 1, 2, 3,
block V; lots 23 to 28, block U; lots 4, 5, 7 and 26,
block E; lot? 10. 11 and 12, block D: lots 23 and
24, block B: lot 7, block F— all in the Leonard
Tract, Berkeley ; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Charles
A. Laton, lot 140 in plat 12, Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township; $59.
Margaret Leonard in James Leonard, lot on NW
corner of Dana and Derby streets, N 269 by W
127:6, being lota 1 to 6, block D, Leonard Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Dana street, 89 :s
Sof Blake street, S 44:10, X 126:6, N to a pomu
Wr,2B:9y a to beginning, being lot 13, block X,
same, BerKeley: $10.
Bnilders' Contracts.
Maria Kip < rphanage with Thomas Butler, brick
work, granite-work, wrought ana steel ironwork
for & two-story, attic and basement brick building
on NE corner of Lake street ana Seventh avenue,
X 120 by &tiO: 513.U61.
Same with Thomas H. Day A Sons, carpenter
work, etc. for same; $17,572.
C. Scbutt (contractor) with D. Zelinsky (sub
contraotor), paimine, etc., for four-story and base
ment brick building, on NE corner of Powell and
Kllia streets, 116 by 64:6; $1200.
.Leon Levy, owner, with White Bros . contract
ors, all work for two-story framb building on N
line of Fourteenth street, 161:8 E of Howard;
f2140.
Augustus D. and Mary Pratt, owners, with
Thomas F. Mitchell, contractor, all work for a two
story frame building on W line of Dtah street, 160
Sot Sonoma; $1450
9AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nigbt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opea
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1 NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139. F. JB
$*<£' and A. M.— stated meeting THIS^V
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p. M. KL2C
h: fortriede, sec. /v<
MOUNT , MORI AH .LODGE -NO. •
BF-^ 44, F. and A.'M Stated meeting_#%_
and third degee THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 8 o'clock. f*W^
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
Wt^S= MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. a
t»2S'.and A. M.— Stated meeting THlS^*^
(WEDNESDAY) EVKNING at TtSO'Jfjf
o'clock. , /C. D. BUNKER. Secretary, r^r '
_f^S= CALIFORNIA COUNCIL NO. 2, •
WZS' R. and S. M., will meet THIS II
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, August 6, at^3f
7:30 o'clock, for business and degrees. ' By 'V'
oraer of the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY., Recorder. I
■S=K=» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. •
W-& V6O, F. and A. M.— The offlrers and_*\_
members are hereby notified to attend th? )&ir
funeral of our late brother, CHaRLES'V>
JicKEEVEK, from our hall, corner Geary and
S:einer sts., on WEDNESDAY August 6, at 10
o'clock, a. m. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ffltSss= EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, F •
*26 &A. M.— Swecial meeting WE DNES-_#k
DAY, August 5, at 1 P. m.. for the purpose jSJm
or conducting the funeral of our late/^V^
brother, WALTER CREBER. By order of the
W. M. . , THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
gtCS= A. O. H. DIVISION: NO. 2— THE %^^tf
1*35? regular monthly meeting ■of this \J\W
division will be ne;d on WEDNESDAY sL;\*
EVENING, August 6, at Hlberniallall, at COVe?
8 o'clock sharp. Members are > requested Jr^Et :
to come prepared to settle for tickets of our late
general p.-cnic. Tickets for our picnic at Harbor
View Park on Admission day will be ready for dis-
tribution. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
vited to attend. Candidates for admission will
please be prompt In attendance.
BARTLY LEE, President.
John Kessy, Rec. Sec. -
QS3=» THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
W^ Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy st., THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, August 5, at 8 o'clock. Busi-
ness of great importance. ■
.. JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President
ftps* OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
<£ : 37. and Loan society— The : annual meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
626 California street, in the, City and County of
San Fr'.ncisco, State of California, on •■ MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. : GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j^^^^T^IT^A^IFTc^SEBirE^^TRPHAN
W<& Asylum : and Home ' Society hereby give
notice that they have admitted Into theorpuanage
from January 1, 1896. to July 1. 1896, the follow-
ing half-orphan girls and boys, viz.: Ruth Adler,
age : 5 years: ■ j<arry Bernstein, age 3 years 10
months; Charles Bernstein, age 7 years 3 months;
Fanny Bernstein, a?e 11 years 8 months; Lottie
Jaffe, age B years 1 4 months; Esther Mayers, age
4 years 7 months; Lewis Marks, age 4 years 7
months; Henry Lacomy, age 4 years 6 months;
Joseph Michaels, age 5 years 3 months: Ben
Michaels, age 12 years 2 months; Solomon Robin-
son, aged 4 years 11 months: 1 Jacob Hoblnson,
age 6 years ; 6 months: David Schwartz, - age 5
years 11 months; Bertha Schwartz, age 11 years
1 month; Ellas Schwartz, age 11 years 11 months:
and Herbert G. Wiener. a;e 4 years 6 months. '--
itrs= RHEUMATISM OF 6 YEARS CURED
tt--*^ in 8 weeks. Consultation free. 305 Eddy
street. ■ ' " -.■'". ' - :
B!i2S=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
•*■*■' collections m ado, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Mont?y st. room 6. Tel. 5580.
Vt__~3*' DR. BAYER RKMOVKD HIS OFFICE
tKg to 14 (■ rant aye- : residence 1703 Geary st.
SITUAT/lO.NS WANTEIi-FEMALK.
R. HANSEN ■"■-'& I CO^ 110 GEARY ST.'
. furnish the best I family and hotel help. 8 Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.- --■:.;-'
J7URST-CLASS FRENCH COOK DESIRES
- situation; understands all branches of cookinsr;
4 years last; place. MISS COLLEN, 823 Sutter.
RS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female help furnished. . : ■ Vy.,
WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS
O work and take care of children is a good seam-
stress; . 2 years last place. MRS. G. NORTON,
315 erst. ' '.■■. ■': ■ '- .":■-....'' > . . '-. ". '■'.-: -"'■;,
QITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE,
O trustworthy woman to do housework; is good
cook and worker; good reference wage* $.2 to
$15 a month. Can be seen for 3 days at 79 Jessie
St., bet First and Second. ,r;: ; >?. .-";.- : ..-.,:
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK AS
\J- laundress or any kind of housework, house-
cleaning or sewing. Call or address 2106 Golden
Gate, near Central avenue. ■
A MKRICAN: LADY WISHES FAMILY
xV sewins;. at home, or will go out, by day or
week., Jfadress or call, MKS. WATSON, 20%
Hardy St.. near Sixteenth. ■ r .. ;■.'.■..-
VODSO MARRIED .WOMAN WOULD LIKE
lap uce to do housework a few hours a day; .
can -. furnish ■', the -- best of city references. : Please
call at 534 Second st. ' . , - :. ; ;
a7oun~g LADY wants position ;AT SEC-
X ond work or chamherwork, with privilege of
attending evening school. Please call 418 Post
st, city. . -'.'-.- . ■;;.■.:■:'.-' ■•■,"- ;■; ■■'-,■.■;-■' --'v :■-.;
97A MINNA, OFF 4TH— IN THE CITY OR
zj I VJ short distance In the country; wanes not so
much an object as good home for an elderly lady.
OMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK ANDCOOK-
: »* ing; month or week; first-class city reference.
Address H. W.. box 65, Call. , ;
Y OUNG. RESPECTABLE , GIRL WISHES
X place in small family or for children ; can
sleep home. :■ 923 a Snotwell st : : •; •■; ' - :
!XT EAT YOUNG GIRL WITH REFERENCE
1M wants nice place to do housework ; wages $15.
141/2 Mossst :,. : "..'..-, '■,■-. : -:;.'•-■ ;->.,.:■: -- : :-
!»,' OMAN WANTS WASHING AT. HOME
VV and work by the day or week. Apply 458%
Minna st. . . . .■■.- ■■'.-.. : . * ,
■EXPERIENCED RESTAURANT WAIT-
XU ress wants situation; small wages; no triflers.
Call or address Waitress, 225 Fourth st ■:.'. : -.; ;■ ;
ERMAN GIRL, WISHES SITUATION TO '
jdo housework and plain cooking. 1 818% Sara-
toga court, Geary st., room 4.7,' . . ; . : ;.:
TF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
X seamstress apply at McDOWELL Dressmaking
School, 636 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel. :-
'OUNG ..> COLORED LADY - , WISHES ALL
.. .kinds of mending. a Hunt st, off Third,
near Howard, r': \- .:'■.'..-'. -. - i.«3BMHMMBMMMi
ADY WISHES POSITION AS CASHIER IN
restaurant; : city :or country: .: references ex-
changed. L. M., box 15, Call office.: . ' ' i
OMPETKNT GIRL WOULD : LIKE . SITU A- '
\J tlon to do second work or general housework.
Please call 1103 Powell st. ■:.-,:.■■..--- ;'■■, . , y; .<;< ;
XTOUNG WOMAN WISHES r PLACE :AS
X housekeeper, city, or country. ■;. Address House-
keeper, 1148 Sutler st., third floor, r00m. 35.T-f7f:f
OUNG GERM AN; GIRL WISHEo SITUA-
->X ' ion to do housework and plain cooking. Call
or write 31 Twenty -eigh'.h, near Guerrero. >
p IRL WISUKS LIGHT HOUSE O PL AIN
washing and cooking: swagrs* $3 week. "-. Ad-
dress G., Call Branch, 116 Ninth sty?. : M>; : "■;;:; -,y
/ ' ERMAN J GIRL < (27) WISHES ( SITUATION
VI to do general housework in small family. Call ■
915APostst;: -.-■ '-> ■ -.....,- I
: SITUATIONS ANTED— Continue*.
-YOUNG SWEDISH g"iRL~VVOULD LIKE TO
X do second work in private family : city or coun-
try; is a good waitress: best of references. Call at
1020 Mission, near BixtLv"/:''-'?'-'-'' ."7-v ..■.'•■ ■■-'■'- ■'■ ".-
'MAN WISHES TO DO WORK BY THE
day ; eood washer and ironer: good ' house-
cleaner; $1 and carfare. '- 619 • Natoma St., .bet
Seventh and Eighth. '.-. -.-.-- '-:;.""-'":■- -V^w' "v-
RELIABLE GIRL WANTS POSITION IN RE-
XV spectable family to do housework or second;
good references; no objection to country. Please
call 109 Stevenson st .v - ■
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE iTO KEEP
■X house for gentleman; city or country. Ad-
dress, with references, A., box 150, Call Office.
WOMAN~WA~NTS POSITION .TO assist in
light housework with Christian or spiritual
amlly. Address Home, box 101, Call Office.
:QWTSS-GERMAN WOMAN WISHES StTUA-
O tion for general housework and sewing. Please
call or address 711 Mi?sion st. \ . - ' ' "'■'
YOUNGV OUNG GERM WOMAN WISHES SITU-
X atlon at housework in small family sleep at
home. y Address T. C, box 77, Call. -.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS TO DO
X laundry work a few days in the week in private
family.. 907 Buchanan st. ■" : , >\-
p EKMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
VJ" general housework. Call or address 32 Freelon.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day washing ironing and ■ honsecleanlng.
Please call 1 Latham p ace, off Mason, near Ellis.
SITUATION WANTED AS CHAMBERMAID
in rooming-house or hotel; no waiting. ; Apply
1065 a Howard st .--;•.". '-'■■ :•'. . ■■""'■-.'■•:■■•■ -' - -'■'''■' " '-• ;
\,l IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
Itl tion to do general housework: low wages;
good cook. Address G. C, box 109, Call Office. ~ 1
p ERMAN LADY, WITH BOY, WISHES SIT-
VJ nation to do general housework and cooking:
good manager; references if required. Call or ad-
dress 19 Sixth st. ,: " "-.'-'■":'■■'■• - ' ■ -■ -' -"■'
FRENCH LADY, JUST FROM FRANCE.
X I wishes position as cook, general houseworker
or nurse. Apply MRS. MARTIN, 814 Jackson st.
ELIABLK woman wants situation;
XV city or country: references; good cook, baker
and laundress; nationality Scotch; also competent
baby's nurse. Call 537 Minna st.
p ERMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE DAY
.vT washing, Ironing and housework. ' Please call
at 130 Second st. /, c 3
RESSMAKER WITH LATEST METHOD
wishes engagements by the day or take work
home: work guaranteed; terms $1 26 per day;
suits from $3 up. Apply 2619% Folsom st.
IDOW WITH BEST OF KJSFERENCES
would care for an elderly couple's house In ex-
change for two or three unfurnished rooms, Ad-
dress box 8, Call Office, Oakland. : - '■:■
•VTKW, %ORK '.- DRESSMAKE R, FIRST-CLASS
-i.l cutter and fitter, wishes a few more engage-
ments by the a ay ; terms $2 50. Address N. V.,
box 28, Call Office. :
p krmls WOMAN wants POSITION as
VT , dishwasher in coffee-house or restaurant. Ad-
dress D. W., box 53, Call Office.
YOUNG , LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; plain sewer. 777 Market, room 18
SPANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY =OF
Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkin st, room 2. ' ; . ,
ELDERLY' LADY WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper in small family. 733b Clemen-
tlnast. : : . . .
WORK WANTED AT ONCE BY LADY AS
visiting French teacher, schools or families;
or as companion :10 lady or gentleman of means
where reading aloud or writing is requi ed ; good
needlewoma ; references: no trlflers. Address
MADAME, box 127. Call Office.
p ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD HOUSEKEEPER
VI first-class cook, wishes steady situation, city
or country. Address or call H24 Fourth st *
INC HE* i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c -to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;.
Iree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.  ' > t
'"UlUA'l'lUJN'a WASTJED- MALE.
RTTiTNi^SrA^oT^O^G^A^rY^TTTFUR^
• nish haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber, and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard , crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics,' cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
d office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Urant 30.
CHINESE AM) JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 41 4 O' Kartell ; tel. K. 426.
/CHINESE AND. JAPANESE RELIABLE
A>*help; tel. Main 1997. BKADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.'
ANTED-BY. YOUNG MAN (GERMAN)
work: wash dishes, assist In cooking, wait on
table or her work; city r or country. Pleas* ad-
dress H. MILLKIt, 55 second st, room 4.
EXPECTABLE COUPLE WOULD LIKE TO
take care of property or give some services in
lieu of house rent. Address Coup c, box 58, Call.
p ERMAN OF 66, CARPENTER, Caßln ET-
VJT maker, general house- repairer, wtnts position,
institute or gentleman's place: city or country.
Address MILLER, 302 Fifth st r -
~\V r ANTED— SITUATION, BY REGISTERED
TT druggist ' speaks German and some Spanish
some work accepted ; references. Address Drugs,
box 53, Call Office. :.■:•;:■-
-FIRST-CLASS SHIRT FINISHER, MARKER
and distributer wants situation in laundry. Ad-
dress S. L., box 142, Call Office.
OUNG GERMAN WISHES SITUATION A 8
'X cook; hotel or restaurant; day or night. Call
or address 617 Mission st ■'.-, : ■ v .-.::.
YOUNG MAN OF BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
X wants position ; Al reference. Address E, box
101 Call Office. :. : .■.'■■;:. : -
.PRACTICAL PLUMBER WANTS POSITION
X or is capable of managing shop; . can . furnish
first-class references., Address P., box 52, Call.
J^IRST-CLASS CELLAR ; MAN (GERMAN)
wants situation; city or country. Address A.
M., 338 Rush st •■■.-.
p ERMAN COOK AND BAKER WANTS A
VT situation in hotel or restaurant: city or coun-
try. Address R. P., 217 Second st •;.- -:
UTLER, ENGLISH, DESIRES SITUATION;
I ' 7 years' undeniable references from = Wolfe
family, New York, also from ; Senator Wolcott;
thorough good indoor servant in every respect.
Address HENRY cOLPUS, 501 Post st. room 86.
7 CAPABLE, WILLINGMAN WANTS-WORK
;\j in the country as gardener or any general work
about ' place: care ;of horses, etc. ; ? well ' recom-
mended as ' hont st "■ and faithful. . Address JOHN
C, box 6, Call Office, Oakland. V .
Tiy ANTED— POSITION AS FOREMAN ON
TT ranch by married man; references. ' Address
Foreman, box 19, Call Office. . ■').
V OUNG MAN WANTS V- A POSITION AS
> X clerk in a hotel or restaurant; can give best of
reference. Address Clerk, Pox 62, Call. ;
POSITION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS EX-
X gineer and electrician- to run electric light
plant; best- of references.. Address E. GDKN-
THER, 1419 Everett St., Alameda. ,' ■ , :
TRONG BOY, 16 YEARS OLD, DESIRES A
O position in a ore or office. Address G. 8.,
box 116, call Office. '•.',.'■-- ' : ; r - .
/YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION sIN
X electrical business; moderate wages. C E.
YEWDALL, general delivery, city.. .: . -
QITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GER-
O man with good references: In city or country ;
also security S. W., box 109, Call Office. /
13ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES A POSI-
XX tion in store or office; ; wages no object Ad-
dress J. M., 622 Post st. , :
<U' ANTEU-SITUA TION EITHER AS NIGHT
'T watchman, porter.: collector or: drive delivery
wagon: best of reference and bond given. Address
SAMUEL GAMBLE. 1307 Dolores st. (.'■ "-;' ..:-■' -■"
MS— POSITION BY COMPETENT
man: familiar with electrical lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON. 17 Van Ness aye. '
~T> KLIABLE , SWEDISH MAN <; WANTS SIT- :
XV ation; is good gardener and coachman; can
run gasoline engine: prefers a private place, city
or country: good references. Address R. S., box
56, Call Office. : . v ' - ■.■;■/'..•-;-■■;
STRONG BOY 15 YEARS OLD WANTS TO
learn the blacksmith trade. . Address S. L. 8.,'
box 119, Call. , ; , ■:; --;:■ ;; ": ' ;■.:--■ .;"-■•-■.-■■.;
OUSKCj-EANKR WANTS TO WASH WlN-
dows, sweep I rooms, etc. ; day or hour. -. Ad-
dress JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210% Larkln st
JAPANESE BUY WANTS PLAIN CuOKING,
v Uehthou<)ew(irk; : best city references.' Address
J., box 3, Call < ifflce,' Oakland. .- '' v" ■ ':'-..- '.'■-■- :'-■-' .■'.'■.-
W INCHKSTKK HO"USE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per i night: ; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggace to »ad from the ferry. ..
YOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
X worKing in delicacies and grocery business
wants a position. . Address A. LUKRANPA, 2162
Alaai'-da aye., Alameda. ■ ' ' --? . '"- : r ■ ?
- X\! I-N CHESTER/ HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
.v ' » ■ Market— Electric lights in every room ; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 par
week: free h us an ,| |, rtrn-p tojnd from 'he feirv.
. IIiMALJi UEL.F WASTED.
IRL~FOR~LiIGKT^ HOUSEWORK ■ " AND
■ cooking, city, $18; woman to take care 2 cnil-
dren and ; housework, $15; ; girl for Mill \ alley,
light housework, : see party lin city, $15; girl for
San -Rafael, housework, see ; party In city to-day,
$20. C. R. HAN-SENA CO., 110 Geary St. ' " r „ ;
GOOD AMERICAN FAMILY, CITY,
T $2 5; German cook, private family, city, $25;
cook for Belvedere, private ■< family, $20; V second
girl, same place, $16, see lady here to-morrow 'at
10 a. m.; cook tor rhophouse, light place, city, $20.
C. R. HANSKN A CO., 110 Geary st. ■■■.-■."'--■■■■ . -.'■■;■.
GERM AN } CHAMBERMAID FOR GERMAN
VJ hotel," country, • $20. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st. ■":..- '.-;,■ ,-, ---ti ''' ■ ' -;■ ■'■■';' ;.■_'•":' ; ■■ .
't i. IKST-CLASS - waitress, RESTAURANT,
• city, $6 a week: chambermaid, assist' waiting,
private | boarding-house, city, I $16; ' waiting . and
light el'amherwork, city, $15; neat > second girl,
city, $1 8.- ; c. H. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
X\! ANTED— FRENCH ? GIRL {: FOR HOUSE-
TT work, country, $15; Swedish cook and down-
stairs, $25 ;' German '-: or French ■- cook, ■ $30; ;; nice
young gin' 1 for ? second \ work, $15; •■■ reach cook,
$25. Swedisri waitress, small boarding-house, $15.
LEO.N ANDRE. 316 Stockton n;i.>?_ --•:-; ; v
WANTED-IKONER IN INSTITUTION, $25; !
cook, plain '• wash," American family, $30, ; see
lady here at 10 to-day; . 4 cooks in German fami-
lies, $25 and 1 $30; * nurse, $20 ; i 3 1 waitresses ! and
chambermaids. $15 And $18. 'd girls for cooking
and housework ■; in -city.- and country. ■■" J. F. CItO-
bETT A CO., 312 Sntter sW
.> : : HELP '.WANTED— Continued.
7-lERMAN HOUSEWORK: GIRL; $25;- 2 IN
VT family. :; MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst x .--:■ .-.-■;
OOK ; SANTA~ROSA: ~2~ I FAMILY : $16.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter at ' : : ...
OUSKWORK GIRL, MILL VALLEY, $25;
Oakland, $25. MISS POLLEN, 323 Sutter st
YOUNG GIRL A 8 COMPANION AND LIGHT
■' X housework: $10. ;< MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter.
COOKS, $30: COOK AND LAUNDRESS, 2
in family, «25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter. :
URE.N'CH SECOND GIRL, - $25: : SECOND
Xf girl, $20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
V" OUNG REFINED~GIRL '< AS MAID AND
' X second girl, $16, Alameda. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st v -.' : ■'.'.'; ■. .',-;^"' ! : ■'-,■■'■ :
I FRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
-1 LEX, 323 Sntter stVv ■-- .::.-, :..'
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $20. MISS
TT CULLKN, 323 Sutter st .
ANTED— EXPERIENCED LAD Y'H MAID
for first-class place: must be neat and genteel,
understand bairdressing. etc.. -and have : unexcep-
tional references; salary $25 per month. Apply
in person only, no letters, to W. D. EWER <fe CO.,
626 Clay st. , : . ■ ',■:--,■■•■■.■■- :' : . . .■ ". ■.-'■>.' -J>
AITR ESSES. . COUNTRY HOTELS, $20;
waitress and assist chamberworic, country,
$20; cook, $20; and other places. MURRAY A
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. -"'.;■■■■■■ ■-.".-..;'.-■■- :.:.;. ;-.■■;■■■ .-;.,. J -\V4-
-/CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT ON TABLE,
V flB and room: chamber and, wait table, $20
and room ; waitress, country, $20 . and room, fare
paid: chambermaid, city, $15 and ; room house-
girl, Berkeley, $20; housegirl, city, 8 in family,
$20; 13 housegirls, $15; 17 young girls, $8, $10
and $12 per month, assist, etc., in nice families.
719 Market. ,-
/COOK AND SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE, 2
\J in family, $25 and $20; German cook. $26:
Swedish housegirl. $25; restaurant- cook, $3 4
second girls, $15 and $20: German nurse; 10
housework girls, $15, $20 and $25. Apply MRS.
NOR lON, 315 Sutter st
GERMAN, DANES AND, SWEDISH GIRLS
VJ can obtain places by applying at Oakland
Employment * Bureau, 872 Broadway. J. P.
JOHNSTON A CO. .
IDDLE-AGED LADY TO WORK IN SMALL
lv. restaurant; .: must be reliable and understand
cooking; short hours, good place; also waitress
from 11 to Ip. m. Call at once 210 Drumm st.
"VTURBERY GOVERNESS AND SEAMSTRESS
-L.l to assume care of 3 children and . assist them
in studies; ■ state age, qualifications and salary ex-
pected.- N., box 154. Call Office. «•
WANTED — OFFICE-GIRL. : WHO IS ~A
stenographer and : typewriter; nours short.
Address H. 8. A., box 117, Call Office, stating sal-
ary expected. 1 \: '..-.- -■ - - ' -, .-. -
"DEFINED, EDUCATED GERMAN GIRL TO
XV take care . of ; grown children and do sewing;
reference required. Inquire 1356 Post st, bet 1
and 2 o'clock. . . ,-J .. . ' . ,: : .
ANTKD— 2 OR 3 • YOUNG LADIES FOR
course of portrait- painting and photography;
good opportunity. Address M., box 56, Call Office.
TTAIRDhESSING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
XX culture lessons; free to agents. BUTLER,
131 Post st ?.,;■; -:■■.■-.'■.■"..'■.■.;:.■' '.; -
"VTEAT,; STEADY GIRL FOR GENERAL
->-> housework and cooking; small washing; $20.
1009 Dolores st v .
mall (iIRL to TAKE care of CHILD 3
0 years old. . call Wednesday between 9 and 12
A. M., 31 Futon st :
O 1 NG GIRL, ABOUT 16 YEARS. TO AS-
sfst; light housework and baby.: Call 530 jer-
sey st ■■-:- -". :'. . .-.' .... ..•■;■•' ■ ■ :; -' ...
■\foUNQ GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
X care of children. 914 Sanchez, near Twenty-
second. " - • . . • . -\
ANTED— GIRL FOR DISTRIBUTING
room. ; Sun Laundry, 764 Seventh st, Oak-
land. :\ ...-. •"■..'- .'• ■; ".;.: . ■ ■ ' '':
irlto assist, FAMILY of 2; $8. 2424
Folsom st. after 9 o'clock. .:, ; . •
ANTED —FIRST-CLASS IRONER ON
ladles' underclothes. , 10 Oak st.
WANTED -IRONERS. APPLY ELECTRIC
TT laundry, 215 Va encia st. V > .
ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST IN , LIGHT
housework. 1217 Webster st f
\V T ANTED— GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
TT housework; wages $12 50. 515 Devisadero.
p IRL FOR GENERAL WORK; SMALL
VJ family; wages $10. 1203Goughst '
TIE LIABLE LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
XV business. Call r. 20. 131 Post. 10 to 6 o'clock.
"IV: ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
i" work. 201 Central aye., cor. Page st. - ' ■■:
GERMAN GIKL FOR GENERAL
housework. Apply 2606 Pine st.
OOD PANTS FINISHER. ONE WHO CAN
operate: also an apprentice. 1018 Howard st
m AILORESS .WANTED. 246 CLEMENTINA
X street. ■ ■ ■ . ■ ■": . - ' .'. ■ ;-, '■■"■■.
MEAT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
Xi .wages $10: 2in family. 408 Sanchez st. ■ ■
ANTED— NUKSEGIKL. APPLY BEFORE
BA.m. at 615 Geary st , ' ■•: ■■.:■■'•■-. i
PERATOK ON ~ CUSTOM • COATS. 687
Geary st.'"..'^':i; ;?',,.-': . '■■•.- • .- ."
■ V OUNG GIRL s FOR HOUSEWORK—
X $15. 1321 Harrison st -
N APPRENTICE WANTED ON CUSTOM
' coats. '- 38 Grove st. -
OOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM-MADE
coats: steady work. 868% Clementina st.
I>ESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL FJR GEN-
Ix eneral housework. 212 San Jose aye., nr. 24th.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, GENERAL HOUSE-
wor-i, no washing. 15 Oak st, 8 ; and 10 a. m.
ANTED— PUPILS FOR BKSi MILLINERY
' " school in city; teacher of 10 years' experience;
large: class now forming for fall work: references
given.' : 410 Leavenworth at -•"'.-■ ".
ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN OIP.L FOR
\JT housework, $15. 1803 Devisadero, cor. Bush.
ANTED TO BOARD BY A RESPECTABLE
German family without children a girl between
8 and 12 years: a good: home: also use of piano.
Address D., box 122, Call Office. : r, ' .
/CUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
\j $1 a week. FLYNN, 14 McAllister st, r. 67.
HAIKDKKS»ING, 250 AND 85c: ' JIOP.NINU
and eveclus.se*; 101esnons,$l 60. 1248 Mission. .
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MIS* DOYLE. 119 a Powell st, 106 9th.
EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
ing: $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
T T on fruit Apply Immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., ' Brannan St., between Third
and Fourth.
if OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
CiX Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; ■ $1 50 to $6
per we«t: free bus and bagg.tit; 10 and from ferry.
MA 1.1 —\.X\l_t? V* TED. J ~~
J~~AUNDRYMAN FOR "an INifTr^UTioNy
Xj $35 and found; baker and pastry cook, hotel,
$40; broiler, restaurant, $60: second cook, hotel,
$60; butcher for an Institution, $30; second cook,
country hotel," $35; second cook for a | camp. $35;
pantryman for springs, $20; German cook, $40; 3
waiters, country,: s2s to $30: dishwashers, pot-
washers and others. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. - x-. !'■■:■:, --'X\ •■,... -v.. . "-. '■.-,: ,-■■- -.- ;■■
■A MINERS FUR AN ASPHALT MINE, $125
1 a day , and board; farmer and '. wife for a fruit
ranch, .$3O, see party here; blacksmith, country
shop, $30 to $35 ; farmers, milkers, chor.men and
others. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary St. : . ,
E WANT FOR TO-DAY'S STEAMER 15
more laborers for railroad work north; $1 60
a day: no office fee; reduced fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st ,
ANTED — CARRIAGE AND JOBBING
:'TT blacksmith, $3 day; , tunnelmen, $1 60 day
and board; laborers for country, $1 day and board;
vegetable-gardener,: $26; assistant gardener, $20:
married dairyman; dr.ver. for milk wagon, $25;
cooks, kitchen-men, waiters, other*. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT * CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■'■
WANTED— NIGHT FOREMAN FOR ELEC-
»T .-trie-car house ::Frue concentrator 'man,* 3 a
day; 2 laundrymen for institution.' Apply to J. F:
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■ :'■. :
. \\T ANTED— 6 ■ MINERS, $52 , PER MONTH,
TT steady work; 2 machine men, gravel mine,
«2 50 per day; 3 , chock-tenders for gravel mine,
$2 per day; concentrator man, $3 to $4 per day
W. D. E WE R CO., 626 Clay at ' -.■,-'?,; ' ■
.VIT ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SUTLER - FOR
city; good place: must be genteel and. have
good references; $86 per month. W. D. EWER <fe
CO., H26 Clay st --■ - ' : '.; - . V.' . , ;.■■--.
ANTED — NEAT SCANDINAVIAN OR
English coachman for city: nice place; $30 to
$85 and found; reference required. ■< Apply to W.
D.~EWiSR <fc Co., 626 Clay st ,: . .;
ANTED — BIACKSMITH'S : HELPER; A
young man with a few years' experience; $20
and tound and increase. W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay st ;.-"-'-:- ; .'-, .■,-.■■■--:. /.:y. r,h:---^ ■''.>'...' ... : . : - v ■-;;
\y ANTED — BLACKSMITH FOR . MINING
it company; $65 per month. W. D. EWER A
CO., 626 Clay St.. ,?; : ; ;.'.:'■'•:■:'■:, : : , , ?
QA MEN FOR . A HARVEST CREW ON A
OU large ranch;' sack-sewer, straw buck, fireman,
hoedown; water boy, teamsters,- laborers, derrick-
forkers, sack-tenders and other help; 6 men to dig
ditches for : a large ' ranch, men or strong boys; 5
men .: to irrigate 1 land: 5 drillers for roc k work;
j engineer,' ci y: 20 tit-makers; concentrator,! $90 a
i month: blacksmith : for -a ; ranch. f. MURRAY A
READY. Leading Employment .Agents. 634 and
636 Clay st * ■ ■;-; -;■:.;.'■-. ■';:."; .-::/-: --yr---
COOKS, 3 WAITERS, 4 DISHWASHERS
and baker, from $15 to $90 a month and found.'
MURRAY • A j EADY', Leading J Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st '■/.'■ ;v, ,- : ; >.
p ERMAN- COOK, : $45 * AND %■ ROOM,' : CALL
T early: 2 German waiters: head waiter: ranch-
j hand who can do blacksmithlug. :. MARTIN'S, 749
I Market st. ;"'?.- .-'";> ■-.': ■•■'■'.-."r ':•.'''■■...-'■.'.■ ':. ■■■::■■'*; '■. :■-■ -.-
MAN WANTED : IN. THE COUNTRY TO
work in the house I and | garden in return for
home and clothes; must be sober, trustworthy and
willing; no ? others i need ? apply '-■- references - re-
quired. I By letter only to ; 'KIT! O,"; Larkspur { Sta-
tion, Marin County, Cal. -.'",■■■? y.r\y'i..-; v. 1 ; -At' ■"■y,'\~Z
\\T ANTED— A % RELIABLE s MAN TO RUN
tt small steam launch; this side of bay; short
hours. Address E., box 160, Call Office. :
: HELP WANTED— Continued. ,
ANTED—BARBER, TAILOR OR" MILLI-'
ncr to rent nice store cheap. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market ; • •- -
ANTED-FIRST-CLASS COAT OPERATOR.
L. M. WOOD A CO., cor. Powell and Eddy. ;'..
pLERK ■ WANTED; R. J.H. ADDRESS
\J Uncle; position secured for you. - ■ ■ .
OLD MAN; MAKE HIMSELF GENERALLY
useful for home. ' 12 Adalr st
Y O(ISG MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS PAINT-
j 1 - ing and whitening; call early. 317% Third st
T^fi«S B ri WAN . TEI) ON -CUSTOM COATS.
X 368% Clementina st
OOD LUNCH WAITER. '432% FIFTH ST.
i D ISH . W 4 f lF E 1 R WANT ED IN RESTAURANT
XJ at 1553 Market st. ■ - ; ..: . -
GOOD BARBER; STEADY WORK. 133%
;VX Ninth st.;;:, '..•■.; va
IV- ANTED-A GOOD NIGHT WAITER AT
VT 429 Larkin st
S~ ECOND WAITER WANTRD; GERMAN
preferred. Park Hotel. 26 Turk st
AKBER WANTED— YOUNG MAN; STEADY
X> job. 525% Howard st. * '
AN AND WIFE AS BED-MAKERS; MUST
have experience. Call 1126 Market st. ■ )
ARBKRS* PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I>AKBEKS— EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
lJ ■ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
\\T ANTED— EXPERIENCED NEWSPAPER
•'■ t1 - canvassers; :. salary and commission: must
furnish bond or security. Apply after Ip. m. to
836 Howard St., bet. Fourtb and Fifth. -
OY FOR A STORE : MUST SPEAK GKR-
man. • 1008 Market st. .
ANTED— FOR THE : UNITED STATES
Marine ■ Corps, U. S. ■. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 ; feet - 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens , will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrui. ing Office. 20 Ellis st, San Francisco. Cal.
OUNG MAN TO ASSIST IN OFFICE WORK:
X ' duties light: experience not necessary: will
pay $75 per month; deposit required, $150. GEO.
BTEffAKT, 602 Market st ...
ANTED— HONEST, SOBER MAN IN GOOD
paying business; small capital required; see
to-day. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
WANTED— GOOD STEAD V MAN TO WORK
TT In store; salary $75; must have $160 cash.
777 Market st. ,
"IVTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 room ;strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night
UNNY ROOMS ; ROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
The New Grand, '243 Third st
AN WITH #150 CAN MAKE GOOD LlV-
ing; light, work ; short hours; no night or Sun-
day work. 921 Market St., room 1. -.
(Bj^ PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STYLE.
C^ WERTHMAN Pants Co. , 22% Geary st
LADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner ;small capital. 122 Post st, r.2.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40&;
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Flnck's.S.F-
LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $6. 7^6% Howard St., bet Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST..NKAB
TT Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
."I OURNEYMEN. BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
m No; 27. J. B. I. U. of A., Employment Bureau,
102 Seventh st .
EM PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opora-
bouse; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents', and children's mull and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. ■ '
ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 PaclH--. below Kearny.
AJSTKD— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing, to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A <~"O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prlita offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\\r E HAVE A LOT OP DAMAGED SHOES
»T selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes Dought or exchanged.' 562 Mission st.
\VT ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
TT night; $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
TRY, ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
I IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
■J ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
S.— REMOVED FROM ■ 609 CLAY TO 643
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
1 I \f\ ME* TO ,TAKJK LUDuJNI* AT 100, 15c
X \i \J and 20c ■ night including . coffee , und roils, -
624 Washington st,. near Kearny. .- " : - *■ ■:
EST IN CITY- -SING > E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; $1. $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\\r E ARE SHOK DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
TT your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
'at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts. '.
DOOMS 160 TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 50c TO *1 60
Xv per week. ■ Oriental, 225 Drumm st
\\[ ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
tt to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 160
large rooms: 250 per nigh i: $1 to $3 per week.
ANTED— ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
v»ek ; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week; ■
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st
LCliO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
A | EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
•>> J all grocers keep it
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
TT trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and ,
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber school. 1515 Howard. '
AGENTS WANTED.
T^EW^ pSoPOSITIb N FOR ICT^Tr E^
1' agents; call and investigate. BAXTER, 432
Sutter st _■. : .'■;■■ : '■'■■■ '. . ?■'•»■ :•;'..'.-,
T ADY AND GENTLEMAN AGENTS WANT-
Xj ed everywhere: large profits. '204% Leaven-
worth st. :-:;:.' .•'.''. ■'.'.' •-'."-.
A GENTS-"BRYAN, BEWALL AND FREE
A Silver" covers the campaign ground; Bryan a
prodigy; will inspire more enthusiasm than all the
other candidates. F. PERSON, . Manager Sub-
scription Department, The Whitaker <fc Ray Com-
pany, 723 MarKet st.
ALARY AND COMMISSION TO MEN OF
good address. Room 20, 401 California, 9to 10.
, BOOMS WANTED.
t^URNISHETJ ROOlf WANTEJD '""BY "a.
X I painter in - exchange for work. J. a., box 95,
Call, -••.■.■■•■"■■ .: ■■:: •- .•■ '.' ■'■■ '.''.', -:■■■; ■'-■'
. property WANTED.
viTXnted^goold building^ lots^for
TT nearly new flats; all rented. SPECK A CO.,
603 Market st. ' -■•■.: ■ '".. ■-■■■• '.-•.:-■'■■> :■-■..
V* AaVA 1 — iUAft>C'±it,t,AJNEOU.S. , j
T^A^T^rT^SMALi] drugstoreT^ak^
TT land or Frisco. Address 968 Twenty-seventh
St, Oakland. :ir . / : .
WANTr.D-A HARP IN EXCHANGE FOR
TT r bicycle. H., box 113. Call.
TTIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST-OFF
XX clothing and shoes. S. BERKOWITZ, ,534
Pacific St., near Kearny. '.: . -.:
ELL YOUR BOOKS. .CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN" 109 sixth at.- send postal.
> ■'• ■', ■.■■.. " LOST. '■ -.'..■ ■ -.-■.. '
ou Market St., near Montgomery. Return to
Jou Market st.. near Montgomery. Return to
605 Clay St., room 1; receive liberal reward.
OS 1 —AT CAFE : ZINKAND, FRIDAY
night, a white ostrich feather fan. Finder re-
warded on returning same to 21 Powell st., rm. 10. :
LOST— AUG. 4, 1896, ACCOUNT BOOK. RE-
turn to 400 Waller st: receive reward. '■-, ■ v' 'i
M ALL SILVER .'. PEN, , 8 FLOWERS. I, RE-
turn to 114 First St., upstairs: reward. •
LOST— ON 10 A. M. PIEDMONT BOAT FROM
San Francisco,' money wrapped in newspaper.
Return to Bth floor Mills building, rm. 17: reward.
PUG DOG; NAME NIP. RETURN TO 67 TE-
X bam&st: reward. .' - :
I OST — BLACK .GREYHOUND BITCH
J i white tip on tail; liberal reward. 1738 Mis-
sion st ; ■ . .  . . :.-': .
T OST-2 PASSBOOKS|WITH THE HIBERNIA
Xj Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the : names of NORA- BAGWELL (No. 163-1416)
and PATRICK BAGWELL (No. 184,865). The
finder will please return to bank. -. : ; -
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of HOBvRT W. or FANNIE SLEEP-
ER, No. 117,235. The finder will please return to
bank. ■•■."■■:.'•;. ■•;:',"■■'■ Jy , >.'■: ::*•■¥:;; - : . ■:-'■■'..:,.■■,•■;
"I OST— A : PASSBOOK WITH ■- THE HIBER-
-IXJ nia • Savings f and ) Loan ■; Society of San Fran-
cisco, In the name of EUGENE DANNKVBaUM
No. 190.794. The finder will please return to bank.
' :-.. ■■■ ■ ■ ~~~~~^h : 0ViilK^~ ~" .'"■■ ;-,"
T?oulfD^c^LiF^mNiA7 nlear^devisade^
X ro, gold-rimmed spectacles. Apply at- south
Park_M_nl^thopse. Brannan. bet- Fifth and sixth. •-.-■--,
PK FESSIONAI, CAKJL»-i. -
;; ADVICF FREE: NO charge unless°suc-
t\ cessf ul;-' • W. n W. .-•:.■■■ DAVIDSON, . Spreckels
building. 927 Market s:. - : : < - r v
T/iraNKsHaY, ATTORNEY-aT-LAW. ROOM
X 421. foorih floor, Parrott building (Emporium). ■
\\T ILLS. :.. DEED*. ETC. ''■ •L. SONT A G," ATT' V
?TT and Notary, 116 Market: res.. 2126 Howard.
TOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O 28 ", and 27, Crocker ; building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. : : :.; .■:;■'■--. .;.-,■:.:■ -- . : ■■
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
attys at law, rms 510, 516, sth noor.Parrott bldg.
A ' PERSON A t,B.^:'_: _ '^
A~~"£ITcTsE!3~TREArED AND MEDICINES
•furnisi.ed - for . ONE DOLLAR - at TUB
Ph OPLE'S ONK-DOLLAK MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 1029% Market, bet. 6th-7th; call or write.
Ti 8-PLE ASE CALL; WRITE WHEN. 88.
HE PIONEER, SAN JOSE, CAL.; ONLY $1
la year; a readable journal; devoted to pioneer
days, sketches, reminiscences, biographies: an ex-
cellent advertising medium.
PATARRK — NEW SCIENTIFIC TREAT-
V mem; positively cures all cases. 8., box 39,
Call Office. ■-: ■ ■ ■■:■:•-■•-■■: ,
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty private; no charge unless successful; ail
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law > 850 Market st.
ISSM. JULANA ROi.LINSMKNTALMAG-
netic heaIer; test medium. 860 Market, r. 30-31
USBAND AND WIFE LAWS. EXPERl-
enced Lawyer, 1027 Market St.. above Sixth
room 6. ; . - . . ,
-nBARMR.LEDERER-HAVEHADNOMOKK
U trouble with falling hair or dandruff since I
commenced using your -QUI.NON !/>."■ Consider
it the best Hair Tonic I evertried. ' QUINON IA"
is sold by O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton. Price 35c.
LL FACIAL BLEMISH KS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, -moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL, FULL
X course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class foimiug. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH A JEWiSLUY REPAIRING. STONE <
• T engraving, monozrams, crests : low prices; work
guaranteed. , J. N. BRITTAIa, 20 Geary st
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! FINE
edge put on razor, 2 sc Razor Exchge,63oMarket
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st, upstairs.
pONSUMPTION TREATED; NEW METHOD]
VJ DR. AMERICAN, 36% Geary St.; 12 to 2:30.
WOMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITARIUM,'
rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. Con, free.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
"|M RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
-L»J- cial artist; wrinkles removed or no charge;
port-st toilet articles. 126 Kearny st, room 47.
IMG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVB-'
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st
\ T THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
I\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks. jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 pet
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
T IBEPvAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
Xj elry, etc. ; lowest rates. 048 Market st
L.D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. I'OLMAN. 41 So. cor. Je».il»
UUIiSSJiAhKKS.
TTVRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
XJ lawn $1 op. 50534 Natoma St.. above Sixth.
V C ATI ON
J^B^TFRSS^IioyVOsIiLND^ARis ITEAC&
XJ es piano, singing, French: $3 mo. 1003 Polk.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 715 POST ST.:
Six vocal mus'C; piano; elocution; . practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a
specialty; vocal classes, Monday, 8 p.m. : $1 month.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA; DELSARTE
Su thoroughly taught: appearances arranged; 1 to
8 r.u. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde at.
STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET ST.,
O offers unsurpassed advantages and Induce-
ments in shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, English branches, languages, etc.;
expenses less than at any other college. - LEON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors. .'.
V RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
OOKKPNG, WKITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMK
XJ day* nisht: nocl asses; $5 month. 845 Mission
R. A M KS. KOLA .N L ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln,- guitar, banjo. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason
i.ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1^ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
kJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN,723Mkt,
NGLISH. FRENCH, GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
lANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIU
Conservatory; m<<d.terms.J.i ANGE,llo Hyde.
■VTEGATIVE KE'IOLCHI.NGTAUOUr. MISS
IV L. FUERSTNOW. 131 Post at. fifth floor. ■
RBaN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.t
"IT opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE, Prln. .
A LMA E. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
A. jo studio. ■ 405 Geary, R. 17 hours Btolo p. K.
f\ UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAIi
VT lessons: $3 ma MARY' WESTHaUS. 89 Fifth.
"PROFESSOR a. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin. 1 ttr.io. 1707 Mar c
CLAIRVOYANTS.
uccess3 absolutfTly JTuarXnteed!
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAH-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated, and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice; he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences, cares
bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and every-
thing relating to the future ; thousands of families
long separated reunited by his efforts; thousands
of hearts made glad through his predictions. Sena
stamp for circular, 220 Eddy st Hours from 9to
9 daily and Sundays.
IT AN A THE GYPSY. ••■•- .- '
This remarkable woman has lost arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of 'human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunite* the separated:
causes speedy aid happy marriage with the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk st
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant ' card- reader, - born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones,
ETI'RSEI), WORLD- REN OWNED MMX.
SX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A/l MX. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
1U the world: 50c and $1, shows you the pictureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED: SITTINGS
VT dally; 25c up. 240% Sixth St., rooms 6 and 7.
ISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkin st, room 2. •
MX. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 250 np. 764 Howard si.
VI ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;'
•i-'i business advice: names given up. 5 Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kearny, now.: 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
\X seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
RS. KNIGHT, 'CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader; fee 50c: ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
JTI grave: ladies. 25c: gents. 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
sniSITOALISM.
* VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMKSM
' MRS. DR. A. Dl HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? ■ Why that downcast
eye? .= Are 1 you -in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that Hie is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past. Is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering I mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated. are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich : if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines", (registered and copyrighted) cur»
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of h"w lon* standing. Write if you can-
not call,' for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
-■ Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. <
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEl* $1 & UPWARD!
"■-V. ;. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, - .
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh, .
San Francisco. ' ■;
"PEOPLE'S SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, 111 LAR-
X kin street: 8?-«.! Ben Howland and others;
10 cents. v ;
riIEST MEETING TO-NIcHT, 10c: R. A. STITT
1 ana others. 335 McAllister st. Skeptics invited.
(SPIRITUALIST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
0 Rev. Mr. Howland; 25c. 1 Fifth St., parlor 1.
( ISHOP.GARRISO , 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
jj ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
KS. DX. MIRANDAS. THE CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st.
RS. KATKhOSKIM 1 KANCK AND BOSl-
ness medium: sittings daily; $1. .136 Oak st
Ay -M." --.FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT. SLATE-
A Y writer. , 118 Haight st ; hours 9 nutll 6 p.m.
DDIE 6WAIN, ASTRAL SEE R. 844 Mo-
Ailisterst.. sittings to ladies, 1 to 8 p. M.
1 IFE-REA DINGS BY REV. MR. HOWLAND;
■-• $1.- 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1. '
ASTRO \- ;
DMKDICI N'TTn ATIVITIES
J\. or questions answered: Prof. Howard's , vital
remedies rcsiore health. 311 Hyde St., 10 to 3. '
: TYPEWKITEKis.
EEMINGTON, $40. $35: SEND FOR SAMPLE
XV work. r. SCOTT A B ANN AN, 333 Montgomery.B-TrsrjrEss CHA^fCTK^.
Q-l^A SALOON DOING _ABg£_U«INESsI
U\J. near 6ansome st. ; rent $50, including
barber shop; net rent S3O: actual value $600;
creat bargain. WILiCE & WOLF, 531 California
innn mo>t ELEGANT corner SA-
<J>rt\J\J\J. loon, inclndin? 12 handsomely fitted
up clubrooms: choicest location; low rent: long
lease; large, choice stock; dolne good business.
ILKK _■ WOLF, 531 California St.
<jfc9*>ilfi CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
O-- WU< 6 Blocks from Kearn- st, Western
Addition; large cash custom; dally receipts, $35;
low rent; bargain. WILKE _ WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. .
<8» Q.(\(\ -CLASS SAMPLE-ROOM,
OUU. with large patronage, near Examiner
office; owner in business for last 3 ' years wants to
retire. WU.KKdfc v\OLF, 631 California st .
&J7^A CORNER SALOON, WITH BUILD-
tJT • O\J. ing, in Mission; long ground lease; do-
ing good business. 631 California st., room 4.
QQ«n CORNER SALOON ON GEARY ST.;
COOU. rent $40. WILKE, 531 California st
QQAA CANDY-STORE— ICECREAM SODA
OOUU. fountain; complete outfit for making
candy; finely fitted up: doing good business; No.
1 location: best reasons far selling; fine place for
two ladies; candy can be made in the store: trial
given. See BARRETT at 1125 Market st, cigar-
stand. " "
QOXA BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
')O\J. and candy store; 4 liTing-rooms; low
rent; doing business of 58 to $10 per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
at cigar-stand.
0] ~(\ PRTJIT AND VEGETABLE 81 OR
O J-«'U. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon: low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market st -
Q"| t\(\ BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
?I?l«Jc». and candy store : north of Market st;
low rent: doing fair business: living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 1125 Market -
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSl-
ness. LUBELSKI <fc CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
QOAAA BOOMING HOUSE ALL PURN-
C""""" ished fine: paying $200 to $225 per
month; best town this side ot Los Angeles; this is
a rare chance to en a money-making house.
LUBELSKI <fc CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
Q\>~l|n GROCERY AND BAK: ALSO CON-
-0 — tM 'v.'. tectionery and fruit: doing- $1000
business month ; In Ine country town, IV2 hours'
ride trom city; established 10 years; this is a rare
bargain: will stand fullest Investigation. LUBKL-
SKI A Ca ASE, 7 City hall aye.
TF YOU WANT A. BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let us show you some fine places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI <t CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
<C*l fiOH °- D " ESTABLISHED CORNER
<p-LUUV/, »aioon on prominent street: long
lease: investigate this bargain. ST_-B_RG CO.,
632 Market
Ql °t\t} PARTNEH IN GOOD PAYING
QXO\)\J. saloon. STENBERG C 0.,632 Market
C«97^ CORNER FRUIT STORK; OLD E*-
•.. ~ I O. tablished: living rooms: receipts aver-
age $12: retiring, SIKNBKKG CO., 632 Market.
To SELL A BUjjJNESii OF an KIND
quick for rash see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
SALOON; NO 1 LOCATION; WITH 3 FUR-
nished rooms: cheap rent; will be sold at a
great bargain if taken at once. see GUs STRAND.
45 Third st.
rpo BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
X DEMING & shaRTS, 737 Market su -
T\r ANTED— SMALL CIGAR STAND AT A
>> bargain. DKMING _ CO- 737 Market st
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brirV building, con-
taining 68 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
li^h fd basement: centrally located, half blocic N
of Market st and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
i'.mporiu— 1 building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture tor saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to 6. SILVcREEKu, 320
bansome st., room 39
Q9X|||l ROADSIDE HOLS- AND BUSI-
<©— .UWI7. cess, just outside a town of 8000 in-
habitants. 50 miles trom this cay; lot 157x200;
good house, well-furnished bar, etc. ; doing a splen-
did business; good tenant offers to rent it for 5
years a: $45 a month, which shows what the busi-
ness must be. Particulars from GAM AN &
LYON, 215 Kearny at. ,
QOArt AND VICES TO INVEST IN A
•_ —v'v/ good business by a steady young man
who is a general all round man. handy at most any
thing; or will loan the employer the above
amount for steady employment at a fair salary:
indoor work desired. .Address with particulars,
hicK , box 118, OH Office.
"\V r ANTED— PARTNER IN a GOOD PAYING
" srrocery business: present owner will invest
$15,000: want a person willing to invest $25,000;
to a person of means who has a son they want to
establish in business this is a good opening; none
but principals and persona in earnest expected to
reply. Address C. *'. J., box 25. Call Office.
Ti'Oß SALE— O.VK OF THE OLDEST AND
-T best-known liquor-stores, In the very heart of
the city, together with a tine stock of wines,
liquors, etc.; fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this Is the best stand in city;
sickness the cau.«e of. sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100. Call.
Al' ANTED— IO M>.>. EACH WIIH $4Ou, U
II one man wi h $4000; ac:lve or »i»ei.t pajrutrn
!n amaii'ifaomrin^ b:is:ne.-s; mi 1 m— in three
yenrs $120,000 and more: security In plant and
property, Inquire for 4 days at 239 Chattanooga
street, city from tH to 10 o'clock a. __. 2 to* p. _.
Ij^Oß SALE— CHICKEN RA.NCH NKAK PET-
. aluma: 5 acres of land: 5 rooms and basement
cottage; 3 brooder-houses, 2 Incubators, horse and
wagon, tools, implements, 1000 hens: water all
over the place: or will exchange for city property.
For particulars inquire at &2ti Geary st.
O LET— CUA I. YARD IN BUSSING ORDER:
established 9 years; scales, screens, block, and
stalls: we want some one ■<-. take orders; no oppo-
sition: rent $15. 1915 McAllister st
Q_. A A RESALE: SPLKNDID OPPORTU-
i^~t'J\J. nlty: icecream parlor, candy, station-
ary, cigar and tobaco s ore; good location. Ad-
dress A. PILTZ, ban Rafael, CaL, opp. broad-
gauge depot . -
ARTS KR~ WA~NT_b~WITH $450 FOR A
X new established restaurant, coffee-house and
confectionery; rood chance for eood m— daily
receipts $20 to *25. Address P. P.. Call, Oakland.
Q'AA PARTNER WANTKD JX jT(i H~T.
i?O\J\J. genteel business: will clear $150 to
$200 a montii; no experience required: no ex-
pense to investigate. 917 Market st. room 1. .
GO«Jll UPPURTUNITY: sKILINU OUT TO
»J close estate; business »st. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain it — rrangement
can be made. Address F. __, box 137. CaU Office.
f\(\(\ FOR SALE: LEA DING JEWELBY-
tJIUUu. store: established 4 years: good
trade: best oca: ion in city of £000: good reason
for selling at invoice. Address box 178 P-'alunia.
L^OK RENT— iIAKr. UY. -_i M)l.\.i aa_
T lodging house: stable: 10 lod^inc-rooms: 6 liv-
ing rooms; central part of san Mateo. Further
particulars Inquire T. HIPPKN, San Mateo.
f\_D-_3TABH?HED CIGARETTE AND TO-
\J bacco route; horses and wagon; will stand
fuUest investigation, FBANK C. MoCANN, 122
Market st
<>*/X/\ PARTNER; BUSINESS PAYING $3
— *j\J , 10 $5 a nay; more than value In stock
and fixtures: no experienc--. Genuine, box dO, Call
I|^OR SALK— A GOOD PAY SALOON AND
J- cigar sta d. centrally locat d. Inquire WICH-
MA.V, I.L'TGKN _ CO.. 318 Cluy si.
\\ r AXT X D- PAKTNKR Ui:H $100 TORES.
t» tablished candy and icecream parlors. 906
Seventh st., M arket-st. station. |
C? I 7~\ GK-AT BARGAIN; CIGAR STOKE:
0 1 I O. best transfer corner In city. Apply San
Jose aye. and Thirtieth s .
IpORSALECHEAI'--WKLL PAYING TAILOR
shop, with good custom trade. 15 Monroe si.,
near Pine and Stockton.
TMOK SALE— GROCER Y-STORI-:, WITH BAR;
P 3 living-rooms, stable and ciiar; rent only
»18; doing a fine business: no agent Apply Call.
$>Q- AVERAGE WEEKLY UK I" INCOME
CO wiUi $250 tnvesed: rate; conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293Brdwy,NY
<— IAAA HALF INTEREST IN A WELL-
j^IUVU. paying brewery; bo experience re-
quired. Address-Interest, box 59, Call Office.
OUXTY-roXi> BUSINESS TOKNKH TO
lease: a bargain to the right party; winding of
.0 rooms! large stable. Apply to Call Oflice.
ARGAIN: SALOON: BAR . KECJtIPTS $15
10 $18 daily: rent $20; n?ar San FrancUco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 1 alifornla St.
TN VESTMENTS ARK Rt.CKIVKD~FROM' $5
1 up at '217 Sansome at., room 7: Interest per an-
num. 10 per cent: and share, '.'5 per rev:.
S~ ALCON— A VKKV GOOD CHAVC'K FOR
man and wife or woman: on the front. Inquire
NATIONAL BREWING COMPANY.
/TIHE ONLY MuIIEHN. IMPROVED HOTEL
_of BO rooms In Stockton for rent or lea.-*.'. la-
e.uireD. BOTHfcNbUaH.
C»l ' f\ BUYS ONE OF THE BKBT LITTLE
•j! 1 • )\J businesses in .the city; no night or sun-
day work. 110 mis st . ■ . - - '
AKLASD ROUTE ON KVKNINO - BUt-
ietin for sale; clears $95; s.'OOO. Apply 962
Broalway, Oakland, - ' -
'_» 1 r, A RKbTA'VIIAKT: A~~RKAL BAR.
•. 1«) U. (fain; good location. App.y D. McKAE,
______!__!_— _-—-— -— — — —————— _____■
■nOR SALE— CIO AR-STORE.TRANSKEK CO±l-
X ncr; account of aickneaa. Apply Sixth and
Market sta. - ...
YOB SALE— BRANCH BAKERY AND NO-
J tions; 3 room*; reut,sl»: must be sold. Apply
Call office.
INTERIOR AGENCY OP. CALL FOR SALK:
X will pay $150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. . .'.:'*■■ ______________
1-1 OOD-PAVING BAKfcBY FOB (4ALE, IN.
VT quire U otir.l. U. ■ (-. . Bakery, oujf 324
Petaluma. . . . ..... ■ ■ ■ ' '■ ' ' • • ••■■■?■■■■'■■'
LINK COHNEK SA_OOX~ANI> R-STAU-
J* rant " Fell and Stanyan sts., opp. Golden Gate
Par>. . - - '-■ -.•-■"-. - .'■ '■-• "- '■"■-'- ■■-'■•'
al-1 FLO BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS:
I!? 1 DV. roo-s; ____ HKIFF A CO., 921 Market.
C.n:a BON-TON DINING-ROOM;. GOOO
_S_.UV. paying place. U724 Sutter; no agents.
FOR HALV-SAtOON-RESTAURANT CLQSK
to w-reliouae tntf tac.ory. r Apply 1.'5 ■: Buy at.
Hi . FURNITUBS FORJSALK.
;vi.'6 Michigan, opp. Union Iron H'orks,Po;rero.
/-1 _>TLtMA.V PABTNER WANTKD BY A
'jr lady. Rtonj 9, second floor, 182 I'ost st __ r_
OI.P-KSrARLI>HKi) " CORNER « GROCERY;
U bar! ' i L!.h X T 3RO&, 103 Powell a:. ■
HARNESS SHQP FOH ftU»J V HEAP- APPLY
-LI 1* D. bTO— E — CO., San Francisco, CaL
1 I
__^ BITSTJng-- _ CHA?*CK^-roTittTin.MV_^ j
FOR SALK — DOWNTOWN SALOON, FOR
cash. - Address B. B , box 4. Call Office.
VT_W_Y FITTKDUP LIQUOR-S'l ORE. IN-
JLi quire 732 Devisadero st, cor. Fu ton.
T UNCHSTAN D~FOR SALE— MONTGOMERY
JLI aye. and Kearny st. Call after 6p. m. -•■-'..-
DAIRY, PRODUCE AND DELICACIES
store for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st '
pOR SALK— riHOfc. STORK: 1 SINGER AND
1 McKay machine. 116 Second st
LOUGINU-HOUS-S t'Oii SALE.
9^-BOOM~CORNER HOUSE.... $1400
— •'3O rooms north or Market, clearing _.
8200.....: .............. 2 ? 00
9 rooms Clearing $50 per month..,. ,•••• ' 30°.
12 rooms on Van Ness: fine fvr doctor. ..,-■ EO «J
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing f£o. .......■-■•• *"»
22 rooms, new (in payments), clearing $108 a-uw
30 rooms 01 Sutter, $500 cash, balance pay- _
ments ;■; iouu
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
HEAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACES.
9 rooms, only— yes-0n1y............ •• *£-?.
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments-...- boo
20 rooms, corner, 0n1y......... 15 "{
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments 300
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. own
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st j
STE"NBEitGOO 632 MABK-T ST., .
OPP. PALACE HOTEL. m
12 rooms, sunny corner, 1 floor ■• f° v
23 rooms, corner, vicinity of Baldwin »jw
35 rooms, none better, clear) $175 - 1 -""
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given _•• BWU
60 rooms, most prominent corner. 35 offices per-
manently rented, 15 rooms par rent.
1 C ROOMS $350 132 ROOMS * 7 ' < -'" 0
JO 29 r00m5....... COO! 25 r00m5...... pOjj
43 rooms. 800 12 rooms £»0
40 rooms. 4.500 28 room* 550
10 r00m5...... . . 150 23 rooms .....900
UNDERWOOD 4 Co., 765 Markei_st_
T?OB QUICK BALES IX LODGING-HOUSES
X and real estate apply to PHELPS «t CO., 917
Larkin at
WANTED— TO RENT HOTEL. OR LODGINO-
" house north of Market st Address >%., box
16, Call Office. . . ' ~ J
T?IN_ CORNER HOU-E, 32 SUNNY ROOKS;
X nicety furnished; $1000. Inquire 704 Howard.
1 A ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FURNISHKD;
1U chance for desirable tenant; choice; low
rent. 303 Taylor at. .____ 1
fUKSITL'IUI i ■''■ &A .^ K ;
i! Prices stand till good* are completely dis-
posed of. ___Sfc_,_
Oak bed seta * 2 f.n
Bed lounges «•• ?r°,
Steves 7 2?
Carpets, per yard °'
Linoleum, per yard «-• *•>
Matting, per yard _-• x f
Till our new building is erected these prices will
Stand. TiU such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventn and Mission sis. J-
NOON AN.
5 1 OA FURNITURF. 6 ROOMS COMPLETE
>lOlf. for housekeeping; no dealers: flat to
let 14 Erie st. '
VTEW FURNITURE AND CARPETS FOR 3
•A 'rooms- flat, cheap, suitable dressmaking busi-
ness or small family. 1232 a Broadway, pr. Hyde.
"1 L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. foil
lowest prices on household g«ods. new or gooJ
as new : caaa or time, open evening*. - .
1111 I CAKP-1S; CHAMBER KKTS, *U.
TrUU stoves. $5; parlor sets. «20: foidlne-bedv
fin: twd- onntn. $7TT. ■" MCCARTHY ll'.' 4"! i
Ft T K>JTUKii WAXT-_>.
T WANT * : URN'TrURE~AND OFFICE" FIX-
-1 tares of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 city Hall aye.
TRUCKING HAM FUKNITUKE CO PAYS
Jj highest price for furniture, carpets, etc : scud
postal. 866 Mission st.
HBKSTCAOS PRICE PAID FORFUKNI-
tore. J. CURTIS. 1-J39 Market; send postal.
mO SELL FURMTCRKTO A D V A NT TRY
1 M. SILVERSTe.IN.9g9 Howard st;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MAKKKT. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandiae-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PrtICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise se»BURD, -'11 La rkln.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Jl J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 .Market. pays cash
CAKFKf 'CLEANING.
UNK| CU lAK^i - C—KANINO AND
t) iwnovatin-: ~ork». Main offici* 35 and 27 8:_
r»AKPET CLEANING, 3c. : LAYING. 3& : KUO
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19Sth st
HKAT WESTi-.RN CARPET-BIiATINO
VI works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Sth: phone Jessie 251 j
WHEN YOU BKCOMK DI?Gl STEi! WITH i
" poor worK send teSPACLDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 553-57 Tehama at: teL So. 4J
1 nj.MK LIN 'SCArtPKT fKAHSu V\ UK__ jjj !
\J Eieidm Bate aye.: telephone east 126.
nil > hIKAJIi-AKPKTcLKAMMi.RENOVA-
I ting, »»Mt— ...KT—VHyai. mw. 'I*l. aooth 259.
TTARP-Ta LEANED AND IiENOVATKiJ
\J like new. FKB«USON <fc CO.. 23 Tenth: t*.
bOttlh 3d D. mackintosh & CO.. successors.
~i t. MITCHELL CAKfK'i' CLKAN ING CO.. 2iJ
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
JMcQUEKN'S CARPET BK ATINO AND RfiN-
,. ovatlng «nrkt 45.S st» vgnson: X*\. »ou;h 1-j-i.
HllKMjtft
H~~cms c axd'w agon~for^ saleTcheXF
1619 Powel: st.
____________________________
\| US T BE SOLD— ALL THE WAGONS.CARTS,
ill buggies, surreys, rockaways and horses in
livery stable at 3114 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
DRAUGHT HOR.-ES FOR SALii OR EX-
mange. 'Apply at 39 California st.
T KiBOLD HARNKSjS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our >>.wd maice, of every de-
scription, for I<-ss money than you can buy Ea tern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.S. F.
-A BET_N_W AM) HaNUHAR-
-IO\J ness, alt kinds; wasvns, DUgzies, surreys,
rockaways, carts: mutt be sold. iIJB Mlajioa i,
Z.i\t\ SET NEW S-KCOND-HAND HAR-
«JUU ness; all kinds; bng;y,waeon. carts, surrey
dtroclcawav; 40 cheap corses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKSKS i'Utt BALK; ALSO WAGONS
1" bossies, cans, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 six st : auction sales every Wedue*-
flay. SULLIVAN — DOYLE, Auctioneers.
PA^TUKKD; SsKNu tuX CIRCL.'-
iar. Ihe Hyde Ranch, 630 « otnttsercial st.
WEEK'S NEWS FOB 9 CENTS — TEL*
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
W_._ _>>'- A>_ CAKiiiAU_j.
Tk^R's^ OUTFIT WAN i'ED — HQBBE,
wagon and harness: cheap. 12Adairst ,
LOR SALK, AT EASTERN PRICKS, FINE
X carriages of every desc lption ; cash, notes or
installments. Carvill Mfs Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
LIGHTLi SOILKU DRIVING GLOVES;
O sampler. K. M. HEINKMA.V, 109 Sanaom* st.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKKRV. LaUN-
i* dry milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and V fine bug;:>-» >-28 Harrison st.
; ™ MJh.IJ.IC AL,. ~~~ '
- !■-'- -
ABLESSINO : TO LA-IKS SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
traveler* helped immediately: prices to suit the
times; home in confinement UK. A MRS.
Da VIE*. 14 McAllisters:., next H'bernia Bank;
consult free; French re*u!atlns pink pi. Is $-';
hours from a A. m to 5 p. _■ and 7 to 9 p. — . -
4 _L CASKS OF IRRKGULAR!tTjKS RK-
A stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
foaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate borne in confine men:; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used, ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DX. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
: A NKW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRTJ-
; A ruem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
; own physician for all female tioubles. no matter
fß>oi what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sen; and used at home; all cases guaranteed;
if you wan: to be treated safe arid sure call on a !
man physician. DR. OPPKH. 318 Kearny st
ALPKAU'm FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladles trembled with Irregularities: nodanser:
safe and sure; $2 50 express *. . O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOQD Bh OS., Oakland, Cai.
}?OR'M_N-GR~KN'- GUARANTEED
1 greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free, A^i-nt, KELLY. 102 Kddy st
TJRE ctJßjs FdR ALL. fi-male diseases
0 from whatever cause; a home ie confinement
with every com for: satisfaeilon guaranteed, by
MRS. UK. qWYKR, 826 lurk at. .
DRS. GouDWIN, KTsE-S WOMKN BPE .
tiai -y; unfiwl ed In restoring irreaculority or
other conditions; home In confinement; naajt c_ re;
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister s,t *
MR-. DR. TAKES LA DIES B&
fore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
Into icond homes: treats ail female complaints or
Irregularities sncoessfuliy. 419 Eddy si.
4_-/wj FOR EVERY FAILURE TO CUR-.;
(j> • >' '\' eve diseases successfully treated. Laaies,
consult free MKs. PR SCO IT, 218 Powell st.
R. HALL, 14 McALLISI BRSTBKKT. N£AB
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
R-. J. A ACHAKI), JjIDWItK-HOMK IN
confinement: 25 yra' experience. 555 Mission.
VlB»«.-M. B. RODGERS. PRIVATE HUME IN
i'l conlinement; ,erms reduced. 929 Howard st
IK 4KRKGULAK OK A.\ V FtiM AI.K DI-EASHI
see .M H-. I>K. i'UKTZ and be content Vs4i/^ 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFI>JiMKNT.. MBd.
PR I-TM K'l . 1416 K:«h-h »t- Alam-».la.
"* TT ~ T a x nT. _>-at-lavT! ,'
' T^DvTcK FkTk-^dTv O RU _ _AW S A ' ? PEcT"
A ally; private; 00 charge unless successful; aU
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. G. W. HuWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Marifet
lEGAL. BUSINESS TRANSACTED' wll h-
- out publicity advice free ami confidential. J.
G. JKFJ-'KE'-S, 402 Montgomery si., room 18.
\l K.»BAM, ATTY-Ai-_AW,SBIPARIIOTT
' » . iiid«. Practise* in ail court* ;chftrges moderate
i) W KING, ATTO::NEY-AT- LAW CHRON-
S\. icle olds; advice free; moderate; open evngs. [
THE SAN FRAXCISCO C.ILL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1896.
..-■■ .< --POUSCT TO XKT. •■-■-'-'.."-, "-.;..;.
TMOWKR^PARt" oFllOUSE; DOUBLE par-
XJ low,; kitchen; storeroom; nice garden; gas.
923 Shotwell K. .>■■ -____l' fL _i__--___—-_"
4r*ICE~ROOM.s7SIOr~LOWER PART OF
house. 6 Burgoyne place, on* Pacific st.,
near Leaven«ortu. : . '
H~ OUSEB TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st . '. '."■-■ "
1 707 ONES, NEAR BROADWAY-HOUSE
Xt \J of 4 rooms; ana all day; $14.
VI (\7 BUSH-HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
_.iv/ I rent reasonable. Call 10 to 4, on premises.
maCTTER ST., NEAR TAYLOR-VERY
• *■ X choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable. .
A PPKKCIATED IF SEEN; CHOICK FOR
t\. doctor or dressmaker. 829^ Gutter , nr. Jonea.
I >) PAGE-HOUSE OF S ROOMS AND LARGE
1 — stable. • - - ,->.. • ..-. >■■■*-•-.: ■-.-
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOL>E, 3992 TWENTY -
first street, cor- Guerrero, suitable for board-
mg or private residence: very low rent *cc It- -
COTTAtiJbS aO LET. V
PHoiceT^n^y^^oom^ooTta^^'with
\J high basement; flower garden; large lo:; 82
Bartleit at. J. a. ULB.ICH, room 41, clirocker
building. : - :■ . r .
C»-| i\ NICE SUNNY COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS;
»_) 1 \J . 832 Green St. - Apply DA VID STERN, 20
Moutgoniery st. . ; .
/COTTAGE; 8 ROOMS; BATH; MODERN' IM-
\J provemenu; $16; water free. 2428 Geary at
Cl "I POST— IO- ROOM HOUSE TO BENT;
X X carpets for sale. ' . . .
MODERN COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS. BAKER ST.,
bet. California and bacramento, Apply J. G.
JACKSON 48 Market st. / *'
l£»)P; 810 NOE NT., 6 ROOMS, NEWLY
tjp—v- 1 . renovated; bath, stable, basement.
COTTAGE, 4 AM) 5 BOOMS; BATH; BASE-
V,' ment and yard, (or. Dolores and Flf:>enth sts.
FLATS i«» LtT. ,
VEVV MODERN UPPKIT FLAT ON^COrToF
JlI Twenty-fifth and Folsora: choice and sunny.
J. A. ULRIUH, room 41. Crocker building. ; : ■;
FLAT, »16 HAIGHT— S ROOMS. BATH AND
modern improvements; reasonable for small
family. ,■;,.- .- j . «-.•-•--•■•■. ;..: ■ =
QOO ELEGANT FLAT; SUNNY SIDE: 6
V 1 -"*"' rooms; bath; new improvements. 762
Folsom st ■ -
"I 7A« POST - 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I UQ flats; garden, bath; $13 and $16-
-<J> 1 7 NEW BAY-WINDOW MODERN FLAT
«_> _ I . of ft light ■ rooms; bath, gas, tubs. - 909
Folsom st. near Fifth. -,-.- ■ : -,: , .;
I(' RAUS H, r R. HOWARD-NICK SUNNY
X\J g»a, 3 rooms; large yard; cheap rent - ■ - -
A ROOMS AND BATH : $18; FINE VIEW,
*x 6 Reed st. ; ■>>- 1335 Washington, nr. Janes. r
i_lO SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH AN D
<_;XO«yard. 12 Shotwell st. near -Fourteenth.
SUNNY FLAT, CORNifiR OF POLK AND Mc-
Allister sts.; 3 room a; rent $16.
£;»)•> FINE UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
C -•«->• bath. (19 t«3cond st
OWER FLAT 4 KUOMS, BATH, YARD. 25
J Laptdgaat, bet Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
Q|(| FLAT OF 5 SUNNY KOOMS, WITH
©1". stable. 412 Eureka st.bet Twenty-first
and Twenty-second.
OO RINCON PLACE, RINCON HILL, OFF
■— O Harrison si., between First and Second —
of sunny house: fireplaces in parlors: view of bay.
"VTEW FLAT OF 6 SUNNY RUOMS, BATH.
— > 1232Va Folsom St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. l
L'LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN «fe HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
SUNNY, MODERN PLATS, 747, 749, 731,
736 Capp st, bet Mlsiion. Howard, Twenty
second and Twenty-third contain 6 and 7 rooms,
bah. mantle, fireplaces, separate yards, etc.; rent
$10 and $22 50; water free: key cor. Twenty-
third st. Apply O'FARRKLL & CO.. 11 Montgy.
IP-AT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; GOOD MARINE
r view. 2106 Leavenworth A., bet. Filbert and
Greenwich. . . •
Q_[9 GROVE, NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
Or±_ ; flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard; $25.
Ql(' WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPER
»JrJ.\J. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
euro cars. 4073 Twenty-third si.: key 4075.
DESIRABLE .SUNNY flat of 7 KOOM3,
with bath and all modern improvements.
1653 Bush st, bet Franklin and iiou«h: reui, iti-
ciudins water, $42 50. . .
VKW FLAT, 5 BOOMS AND BATHj $12;
!•' water free. 529 Ivy aye. ■,;*■- ■-; ''--■
LLi.UA.NT NKW FLATS. VKNTH ST.. BK-
Xli low Bryant 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16. '
pHEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ..,..-
iiUi;»th._ti I l>U UOUila.
Devisadero Street.
.QX7 DEVISADERO. COR. OAK— 2 OR 3
00 I large sunny corner rooms, partly furnished,
tor man and wife: light housekeeping; references.
Ellis Street.
OH" ELLIS— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
O£*J parlor suit*-: housekeeping rooms: first floor.
7 At* KLLIH — SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OF
I \J\) 3 rooms; other front suite complete for
housekeeping or single . ■
felt Htreet.
pi FELL— 2 PLEASANT FHONT ROUMS;
01 light housekeeping: no children; reasonable.
Fourth -treet.
_9X FOURTH— SUITE SUITABLE
jOu far light housekeeping: reasonable.
Am FOURTH— S4 OH 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
~10% for housekeeping; private family. . • - ■
-;.. i.uiueu dat. .itcuue.
mrr GOLDEN GATK AYE.— COMPLETELY
It'll furnished; every convenience; garden,
bath, etc.
- Howard Street. -
7fi__ HOWARD, COR. THfRD— FINELY FUR-
I v/"t nished front rooms: suite; housekeeping.
9_.'>O HOWARD— OR 5 SUNNY RO MS;
~-*T— U furnished housekeeping; tine location;
nice house; garden: $25. ■-: .
Jessie > treet.
_iqq JESSIE, NEAR MINT— 3 SUIT. VY FUR-
IOO nished housekeeping rooms; alto single;
cheap. . . . . . ■ ; --,;
A l ! ft JESSIE — 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
" I \f neatly furnished for housekeeping. ■-
La_una street.
qnfi LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER— SUNNY
O\J\J housekeeping rooms with gas-stove,'
Leaven— orth street.
"I Ami LEAVKNWurtIH— LOWER FLOOR
I luivj of 3 flue rooms; unfurnished: near
California. <j|_Bßi
Market Mree .
9AQA MARKET— ELEGANT FURNISHED
_j\/t/V/ front parlor a lie; bath: gas; kitchen.
ii.urm -treoc.
CA n MINNA— FURNISHED BQQMg, COM-
0— Xt plete for housekeeping; large yard. •
797 MINNA, NINTH-3 un*t;r-msh-
I_- I ed rooms: yard and woodshed; $8, ~,c .
QQQ MISSION — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
POO room, modernly furnished, $9; also oth-
ers, $7. -. . ■---.- ..... > , ■ ■
x Host tetreeU ~~ ■
1 O MOBB, OFF HOW A NB. BEVENTH— 8
1 O furnished rooms for housekeeping
Natoina Street.
904 NATOMA, NEAR FOURTH-3 FUR-
_iO^ nished housekeeping rooms: very con-
venii-nt. ■ :
Oak Street.
O1 OAK-HUNNV ROOMS FOR HOU9E-
OX keeping; also single rooms; hath.
*>'l--arfell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL— FUBXIBHED
£•— '*•% rooms and kitchen: complete for hou«ekpg
i'»>st siree*.
7] C POST— UNFURNISHED LOWER FLOOR,
I 1 v whole or par , for housekeeping. -'.—■-.
Scott Street.
1 fil 4 *"-'OTT-SOK 4 SUNNY BOOM*; UV-
XV XI furnished; bath; garden, etc. Call r. _.
second : Street.
A 99 SECOND-SUIT BUNS Y HOU9KKEEP-
"!_._. ing rooms, furnished: others, $4 up; bath-
laundry. .. . ■..,,. 7 . r ' -. -.*
Utirrt >tree
pOLTON ,HOUS«E, 220 THIRD- SINGLE
\J suites; light housekeeping; $5 up; brick bid*.
OATTHiRD - SUNNY HOt SEKKhTpTNG
U\J^ rooms, $10: single, »5 op; bath and tubs.
00 A THIRD-2 UNFURMSHFD HQDSr.-
out keeping roomi; good accommodation-
water iree; $0. ; , -..-.-■■,.■■.•
Twenty-sixth Street.
TWKNTTt -SIXTH-HOUSEKEEPING ;
0000 rooms, every ■ convenience, $■ to • $10!
single rooms. $4 and $6. ..-..,
Washing-ton Avenue. ; - : ;
C a'9 WABa I N G TON- SUNN V ; tntumi
*)\JZi nished houiekaep'g rooms: running water.
,::.- :■'.._ PHYSICIANS. ;;■--■;■■■•■;> •■:- ,;
D" X. ' C, IX Q'PQNNEL I SO 6 MA RKET, CbSl
Golden Gate aye. : disease* of women _ specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ J_» museum. 1051 ■ Market st. ; his 30 yean' 4
■occeaaful practice is a guarantee of fair treat mem; '
U_ worn cases treated -OistactarUj by mail. l :
; BOOMS TO LET.
.•■..._ .<itutb btn».i ■
CHERMAS ArARTMEiT KOTTSE, SI : BTH
0 st. near Market: tarnished and unfurnished. ...
Eleventh. Streeot.
m: ELEVENTH — SMALL : PURNISHED
room $4 month. I-
- liv* Street. ,
f THE RAMONA.-130 ELLIS: , MRS. KATE S.
1 MART, manajrer— A quiet bouse; rentr%lly lo-
cated; newly lumisbed: elevator: hot & cola water.
Q>) I ELLIsi~NKAR~ TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O^l lodging werecommend the Jtasedale House.
-1 r~l GEABY-3 SUNNY ROOMS; KEY 217.
-Sl i'l
mHE MARTINET; HANDSOME SUITES AND
*1 -■ single; $10 mo. up. 1101 Geary, cor. Van Ness.
Hickory Avenue
TARGE! FRONT .. BEDROOM WITH HOME
JU comfort*; for one or two: $8, : H Hick-
ory avenue. - :. '.--,. :■■:-:-- -.- ■• .■
Howard Street.
QOI HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALL
O—l kinds; $1 a week up: aHo transient .. ,- ;.;-.-
- ones Street.
OAT roNES — THK van w"nrie_R. jj;w
2.U I . manacement: elegant . sunny suites ana
single: aewty famished: batn. etc.: 810 to »m
QAI JONES— ROOMS ELEGANTLY
DUX furnished: suite or single; board optional.
_,«_rnv Mr»»,. '
6 A FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
OU and single rooms; electric lights; ■ tourists
solicited. ; ....'. ...■.-■'■ v .-•■■
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
A pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable. . - -
■ ;- ;? ; -writ In street.
T ARGE FRONT PLEASANT ROOM, OPP.
XJ City_JiaU, on Larkln st; elevator all night.
Inquire #31 Larkin st ' - '-••.■:.-•»-
-1717 LARKIN— HALL ROOM; $5 MONTH;
II 1 references.
■ j._i-k_____. ■• **.. ' .
7Q7 M AB X E T- NICELY FURNISHED
101 front and single room*; day, week or month.
777 MARKET— AMERICAN HOUS_; ELE-
-111: ganUy furnished suites and single; cheap.
VOfcEMITK HOUeiK. 1«45 i MAKKKT — Fh.B
"1 night. ase to $1: week, $1 50 to 35: families.
, Minn* >tr«s«».-
A-\ Q MINNA-2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
til C with use of kitchen.
UUI ML^NA.COK. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DD I nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
QFLA MISSION — LARGE BRIGHT ROOM;
O<J _ suit 'i friends; low rent; permanent tenant.
, . Oak Street.
1 A OAK-SINGLE ROOM: SUITABLE FOR 2
Xtt boy reasonable. - .. ■ ■
; : ; ; '.-- Post Street. .
CA7 POST-ELEGANTLY FURNIBHKD.
O\J I rooms; suite* and single; terms reasonable.
Second Street.
OHO SECOND— SUNN V FURNISHED FRONT
_,U— room; suitable for two; cheap. - . -
. — i,er i ieo .
II A Q SUTTER, CORNER . POLK- LIGHT
1 1 "T ( housekeeping;- nicest rooms; - lowest
price: transients. ,
'JAO B UTTER~- FI'KNISHKD ROOMS OR
OUO suites. $125 to $10 a week; niaht, 25c to
$1 50; transients solicited.
rAQ SUTTEK, COR. TAYLOR-ELKGANTLY
lUO newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
Taylor Sircet.
Ino TAYLOR. NEAR MARKET-NICELY
IUO furnished sonny front room, cheap.
IAU TAYLUR— DOUBLE PARLORS: SEP-
L\JO arate beds; all conveniences; single $150
a week. - -
inrK Mroet.
KO/11 TURK-LARGE SUNNY FRONT
»J-<jt3 room; gas; bath: private family ; cheap.
' Milceluneuun. I
SUNNY SUITE AT THE WINDEMERE,
cor. Bush and Van Ness aye., 2 or 3 rooms and
bath. .-..-.-
BOAKDIXU A.NU KOO.H*. •
\\'ANTED^OEmE.MAS aTTtT'vvTfle^Q
- 1 1 take nicely furnished sunny room with board,
very reasonable, , 833 EIIU st ■-;.":-. :
fiAs_ VAN NKSSA VK— DESIRABLE SUNNY
QUO rooms; first-class taole board. - '
I.OARD AND ROOMS; PRIVATE FAMILY;
1 ■ best residence par of city; couples preferred,
Address Private, box 68, Call.
___________________________________
OA Ql SEVENTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO
O"±OJ. —Sunny furnished room In private fam-
ily, with use of bath, for 1 or 2 ladles, with or with-
out board. ; '
HU'U.I, __MTLaNU, 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references _ivcu ana required; alt mod-
CUiL,_lt_N i,o.ua<ti). /
7rEB3SAN r^VI_ 1 > ChTlD^To'
vjr board: .■ mother's . care; reasonable. 4025
Twenty- fifth st. ■ ' -' .-'.-•■
\V OULD TAKE CHILD TO BOARD. 14 OAK
■■■»' st, ngar Van .Yegg aye. '
STOKES TO LET. .
UOSTUO^k^Y^^yE^. NfeTTS
Oil. Broadway. ASHTON & GARDINER,
41 1 Montgomery. ; ■ ' ' ' ■
TOKE '■' «04% ELLIS; SUITABLE FOB.
plumber or tailor »hop. Apply at grocer".
'" OFFICES TO LET.
Elegant snnnv offices. 50 up: MARKET-
Elpgant snnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-ll?ht:
beating and Janitor service free. . Apply at building
orG. H. UMBSEN — CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
.. , 3i LSI ____________________
ANTED^-GOOD UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP.
"" P. G., box 143, Call Office.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS TO PROS Pit C-
i? tive buyers before removal u> my own building,
626" Hayes st; now is your opportunity to buy or
exchange or rent pianos: mus. cai Instruments at
COSt J. HARRY hCOTT, 929 Market St ■-■.,.
A NOTHKR SPKCIA^ INDUC-MENT J»*OR
A purchasing from Sherman, Clay & Ca; ele-
gant new upright piano-*. together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash parment ' required; every Instrument
:uaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. -cor.
Kearnv and ' Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stelnway _ Sons' pianos. . .
» CTUALLY THE BMltiT BARGAINS IN
-v ctsnos, both new and secontf-hand at THE
F. WVBP_yCKB GO.'S warerooms, 933 Market st.
\v G. BaUGKR, sulk AGENT FOR ballet
'" . _ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 ."-ac'to
6 UPRIGHTS, $100: >QUaRK, $75: NEW
0 pianos. $175: ail musical good* cheap, MAI-
VA Is, 769 Market st. . , v ; -
$\IU\ FINK HAINES PIANO. BCHMITZ,
<g) IUU. 16 McAUis.er St.. next Hibernia Bank.
TDEFOKE BUYING s>K_ HAINK BROS. 1 . BUSH
JO <k . verts • and Knabe . pianos; at « wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st.
CHICKKKING, KNABK STUCK. VOSE. BTKR-
J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
7O> rent. BENJ. CUR r AX * bON. le Q-farreli.
i^LBABANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHT*; $159
V up; everything at cost BRUENN, 228 Post
\ J Y KON "MA V „ V. ' 30» po*r ST.-SOHMKiJ,
JL> N wbv*t__va___^_[__e____£________a_ioa.
QUPERIOR VIOLIN* ZITHERS. OLUANBW
H H. .ML LLKit. maker. r.'"r\ir»r J I4ttharonlaei».
Dt.M'isTS.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION,
VJ ketsL, bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists:
only reliable agent for paJnle** extraction 1 artlll-
cla: teeth from 5; fillings from $1; extracting 60
cent*, with gaa $1. ' ' \ 'V."-
IfIRST-CLAtW DKNTISTRY: Flß«t-CLASS
1 prices; first-das* results; painless, extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W. C. HAK-
DIM I- 1 , c. M.. M.P., 500 Suiter at, corner Powell.
DR. LUDLUAI _JL_, 1443 MaKKKT BT. I
XJ near Kle~«nth: no charge for extracting wUe«
places are made: old plates made over like new,
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; »a» gtvea.
Dlt. OhOKur. !W. LXXX, THK GKNL'INH
Leek denua:, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee, of Improved bridge work or, teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 (/Parrel! st
VCU S_T OF TEKTH. $7; WA RRANTED
T five years t - extraction, v 50c.; flilines, . 50c. ;
crowns, $3 SU. Colcago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
T\H. L. I. v ran x— ex action PAINLESS
XJ crown work, bridge work ■ and teeth wlthoa:
plates a specialty- ; IU» Geary st, cor, Urant ava. ..
_j7 A >Kl' >I>K.T__TK: WaRUA&TED A l *
C 1 • SOOd as can be made: nllin? $1. Dr. SIMMS.
ni.isi. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. .
iJaTnleSs : Extraction. 60c; CKoW.S |
I bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 no: 13 »ear* I
experience. * B. L. WALsH. P.D.&, _15»4 Gtary, ]
K. IiUUKKT-*', 170J PtJVr, BT., NEAR BU-
cnanan; iras riven; crown and bridge »orK. ;
_L : ." WORK KF.ASONABLK >AN D WAR-
ranted. DR> J. W. KEY. 112*1 Market at. ;
SPIRITUALIST CIBCLE TO-NIGHT BY BEY.
MR. HQWLAND; 85c. 1 Fifth at. ?
ET OKI _KTH IT Hut i jri-AMlt iJil. rf.
U. YOUNG. 1841 PolK »i- .
/ OOTON DENTAL. ASSOCIATION. bUd _AJi-
\J knt at. DR. lUA BLK3W. DKOKEB. . •> .
K. J. J. LKEK. MARKET. COBTgOLDEN J
<•_:«» »v-f.--%>pgn »v»Bin<«:- *^oc.lkv< hi; nnoa.
; .";-. t ' ; '■;■; -i. : ' TO LKASfc. 1 -; *:■■■- "-.',«■ .-i;r ••?'•:;
F~~^oTR^EtJTToirTEA VABA^LOT^eI
cor. t • Polk = and ' Jackson sts. ; tent v $50 s per
month. v Address J. a; 45 7 Sanionie St., a; F.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
fell) l\fU~\ TAYLOR ST.. NEAR GEARY;
_) -• --•l/Vl/. 3-story bay-window house and lot;
house in good condition; brick foundation; i ays
good income. '■'.. ,:;.-.--■:.■- ■:-j-.1.-- •• ■■■.- ,•-• ■■ .■:■■;-■
r- O'FARRELL <fc CO.. XI Montgomery st.
Oil *> AAfl REDUCED FROM $17,600;
♦ip -«---< . business property on Taylor st.,
nr. - Market: 8-story, a room and bath house and
lot 25x8U feet: can be ■ further improved and
made to pay handsomely. - r ,
O'FAItWELL A CO.. 11 Montgomery at. '
& c ;aa to close A^ estate ; BRYANT
tipcJtJUU. St.. near Sixth; 2 lots. 25x75 each,
and 3 cottages : $46 per month; always rented.
■ -' -. O'FAKRELL _■ I 0., 11 Moatgomerr st. :•
' ©l-%<in 2 ; MAGNIFICENT LOIS. : ; 25x
OUU, 137:8 fee; ea2b; suitable for business
or residence; Oak st. v ntar Deviaadero: farmer
price $6500; must be sold: make an offer. -
O'FaRRELL — CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Cl Ci fififl BUMINESS PROPKRTY; Me-
1 \J. UUU. AUlsterst; rents $116 ocr month;
store and flats; all rented: mast be sold: make an
ofler. O'FAKRKLL & CO., 11 Montgomery at. .-.-
-I&KSnA PACIFIC . HEIGHTS; -BROAD-
arOO\J\J. way, near Lagxjna: ; lot 30x112:3,
with modern cottage of 7 rooms and bath; unob-
structed marine view a great bargain. - v
.■■■ O'FaKRKLL » CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Q9| X A BROADWAY. SEAR LKAV£S-
O— l '-J\J. worth; ' 23x60; v a flat* of 4 rooms
each; i^nta $22. i O'FARRELL & CO., ,
'-■-• .-'■'.•'. . " 11 Montgomery st
*1 AHA LOT 25x125; DIAMOND ST., NR.
HpXKJVU. 18th; in Mission warm belt; street
accepted: lot level, ready to b lid on; a bargain. >
. O'FARRELL — Co. 11 Montgomery st ".-.
- AAA PRKSIDIO HEIGHTS: CORNER
t \J\J\J, lot on Washington St., 62x100: ele-
gant marine view; this lot must be sold and we
want an offer. • O'FARRKLL & CO.,
"•■'■ ■ ' ~ -11 Montgomery at. ..
9A RAH BUSINESS PROPERTY . ON
C!— uit'Wi Hayes st, near Ociavia: large lot,
A5.x120 feet to rear street; Investigate at once.
O'FARRELL CO., 11 Montgomery st. ;
fl>Q=f\ . 94x200 FEET WEST LINE - LAID-
fiQ =|i ley et. lIS feet WEST LINE LAlD-
s t'«Jtf. ley st.. 11 i: feet south Mateo, block 5,
Mission and Thirtieth Street Homestead Union,
Falrmount Tract: also fronts, on Bemis st; elegant
wedgewood fence, CHARLES C. iISHEK, 507
California st
(_«j7" CMST $850: 60x100: EAST SIDE
tJP"» I O. Texas st, 250 south Yolo (or 25th St.),
adjoining residence of Yelle Y. OsEerman, Potrero.
CHAR C. FISHER. 507 California st.
€ll QA FRONT FOOT— BUSINESS PKOP-
t^IOU erty: look at this: dead bargain^ lot 40x
117:6 to alley; Valencia st, nr. Valencla-st. depot;
must be sold; adjoining property cannot be bought
for leas than a front foot "J. F. PJLUMBE,
1402 Valencia st. . ' 
Vj ISSION COTTAGiis: ~~ _• . " ' .'.
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-su
cars at 24th .st. and Potrero aye. : all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
f 'JCOO— Five-room cottage.
$1800— Feu r- room cottage. ■
$1650— Four-room cottace. : ■
C. BKMIK. - "' i--'. •-,!.. ■ ... ■ - ,...--
. JULAA, ESTATE AND LAND AGENT, j
324 aiONTUUMEBYaT.
FOR HALS-
S26OO— E. aid* of Stan/an, st., bet Cart and
Frederick; 25x100 feet
$450— »an Carlo* Villa lot: 100x150 feat,
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. ,
$6000— 'A modern . houses -of 8 rooms each, at
pare; 25x137 leet; electric road parses houses;
make offer. ■■/■ JflßiiMsrlteß— «B ßtrteMai^WPWitJatra^
$2500— 2-story 8-rooaaed house on Harrison st,
bet. First and Fremont.
- $8500— Elegant N w. corner of Cole and Carl st*
SiiOO— Choice building lots north of par— . •
INT3TO REAL ESTATE - - '
, INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS,
' You can make some money now bums land any-
where wltb'n an hour's rid* of a great seaport city.
You can —take more money buying In some lo-
calities than others. ■
You can make the most money If you select a
p'ac" naturally aituited for a town, located in the
direct line of | up-to-date public and private im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet far enough
away from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and Independent community.
. , FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED .
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers spiendid tnducementt to those
: about to start business of any inscription. ,. ■ .: :
: For suburban homes it r vi's any of the thickly
populated centers around the bay. , ' '
1 It U only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight
Sta:ion on both lines. No lot more than thraa
blocks from either railroad.
• ELEGANT CHURCH EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
i SCHOLARS. ■ ■-■■■■- . :■'-
The streets are gravel* A and ornamented with
avenue trees, crpress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these Improvements.
NOTE THE ELIGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
oar Investment in a prospec ive business center
as compared with the many Isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
. ;•_ .-._.  SEE FITCHBUBO- ' - r : ~
Invest judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the real. - Lota
ready to bui a on, size 25 and 50 ieet frost by 100
to 200 feet deep. : ; • - -
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Term*: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. ' : -. . - .-■."".
THAD. si FITCH. Fitchburg. San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery st, a F. ■
J-'OR SALE — ELEGANT NEW MODERN
' residences: situated on Oough st, near Broad-
way: contain Bto 1- rooms and all modern con-
veniences: fine view, good neighborhood and com-
plete street work; these bouses should be seen be-
fore purchasing elsewhere; terms easy; house*
open. ■ : .„■ \. ■-■■■..... . ■ ?:- ■_-■,.: .. •.
L) ARGAIN-$5(J00; 11 SCOTT ST.; HOUSE OF
J> 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x118: part cash. Ap-
ply 2 to 5 r. m. ■v-v.i.-v-, '-.•.-■;• •-.-..■;.'.
Cl 9f^A COTTAGE OF 5 ROOM*; BEKKB-
OJL — O\J. ley; lot 50x100: near station; $308
down. $15 monthly. . -. '^M*njsflii_|«l
$150— Lot 24x100: $ 5 down, $3 monthly.
, CHAS, A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st
URSTANTIAL MODERN~HOUSKS BUILT;
£3 $150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
C Cheapest and BEST IN America—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 £0, post-
age tree. . -
BICVCLKS. . .
l^JYcTlKirTNTrTTNiili^
I> to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
EN TANDEM. ALMOST NEW; Titlß-
une, $50; Cleveland, $40: Rambler. $40: Ben
Hur, ladles'. $50. ' DAVIS B ROS., lit Geary st >- .
OR: SALE— NEW 189« BICiCLE; r $30.
1 DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st.
W INFIELD PKAKSON. 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarter* Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
j ■ ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDiiM: ALSO
I ' single wheels. 308 Post st. 't : -.r^::
DARK CYCLKRY-NEW~WHEKLS TO _XT;
X best accommodations. Terminiu Geary, Mo-
Alliltrran.: I'owetl at. Mr lines. •
>"oi; SALE— _II»OJb:LLA>*:OUs. , '.:■■
HIGH'OB A DE JERSEY COWS CQMINO
id In August and Sept. B. G. MORSE, Bolinas.
OLD LUMBER AND GI.AMS. COB,VAL-£JO
st. and Montgomery aye. - '■■'- ■■ ■ ;.*
V[EW CLEVELAND '96 BICYCLE; BAB-
-.1 gain- 1510 i. eta via at. : ' -' -:;\ ,■■-...
\TOH SALE— FINE GRKYHOO'D." INQUIRE
X at 231 Ash aye., near Franklin st. '
'i H. P. REGAN ENGINE, GOOD AS NEW;
1 $100. , Appiy -15 Bay st. _ ______
THCTURE-FHAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN M
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; llxl^and 12x16,
20c.: 14x17, 26.-. : 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 85c; 20x
24, 45c; 22x28 in., 60c. JUNKS, 647 Mis* on at.
J^OH SALE-COMPLETE SODA FOUNTAIN
X and outfit, including milkshake and icecream
boxes; almost new; Installments or cash. Inquire
at New creamerie. 725 Market st.
n AKKER-BHOP FIXTURES CHEAP. 871
JD Market st ;--..•.:■;■ .-■ ■■-■■■, '." ■■• '■ .; ■■--:-- -.
VINE SODA-FOUNTAIN. FRKKZER, GLASS-
X holder*: very cheap. 159 Second. -. : . \ v.-.
NE UR TWO HORSE PACIFiUGAS OKOAB-
-ollne engines: second hand Al order. Address
W. P. G, box 107, Call Grace. ; ; L :. . ■;;.
C? 1 f\(\ BUILDING ON LEASED LOT: *UIT-
«JP 1 Ul '. able for grocery. W. (BASE, 324 Post
U ARB, - SHOWCASES, [ CO I'NTERU, SHE L V-
J) ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission at.
PLENDID BEMINiITON TYPKWRITER,
$45; others trot- $Jorup. :: BEVALK. 809 Cat.
OOD BBCON D- H A D BO I : ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, ■ etc, W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington st v .-_.-■■,.; : x "-, -■-■■"■:-
UI_KKd,_NULNK:y<Ji>-HANDMACHINERV .
wattrplpes. . Wclnrosh *. Wolpman. IS7 Beala.
B~ uy YOUR BABY carriages A.NDHAVB
them repaired; separate purts*eld and shipped.
Pan Francisco Baby Carriage M't'e. Co., 44- Sixth.
"PACIr-lLi" GAS ENGINE— 2-HP.: ; PKHFECT
X order; 2 Adams p.'tg presses ; power. 616 Mission
OUNT X X N *»HELV ING, MHOWCA*--
bough: and sol— ll'JU.'o Market. bet 7th A Htn.
; UlLl»iNu-> 1: I.LAIBKK, S.VSHrJ
.».>, doors, -mantels, etc fir <«ale. llt>6 Mission. V-:',
Mii ipg-A--^ _JKXHUAII"^AU?i_.ROK SUI
nrr and bnr?;=r proof **{+. 0? 11l Market i:
rURfc. , AND . JfURULAi; - s*AJ>'r^ 1 LETTER.'
X press, platform scales and desk:rh»ap. 10-J Clay/
VKW Ranoks CHEAPER THAN bJtCONU-
_.\ hand.> ,V. -1 RA VMf< C-.* lit California i. i
BEWINQ M.V«'HINK». S: - ;~\..
A LL KIND- BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
A. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at
.TVTEW FAMILY SINGKRa FOR R - NT, $1 50
Xl per month : V. S. singers. -f 2. •-■■• is' 9 : M arket
,v::'" ■:'■■.■■:•' : . j," si'OKAtJli;. "'-'■.■.■•. V: ;■'.
OTOBAQIi— ; i r HTrtTTYT?IR&
O proof building; advances made.'.', 211 — arkin. y
IpUhNIIURK.' PIANOS, TRUNK-*; ■■'.- At*
' vancea, shipping. CHA.-i. L. TAYLOK, 2O4
A B. SMITH FUKNITLKE CO., 133 BLLISj
. low rates; fire-proof building; -astam : plan, ;
<_ V COUNTRY REAL ESTATK. "'';- ' I
TO - RKNT-SAI'HKR RANCH. , COSTRA
• Costa County on San Pablo Creek, eight raile-v
from Berkeley; 1150 acres Of land, well . watered ■
and wooded; about 350 acre* good grain ÜBd;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for mil |z or
stock ianch. Apply R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda I
Park.
ATTENTION, LAND BUYERS— I2O ACRES
_% choice olive, vine and prune lands 'pcated In ;
Alameda Co., 37 miles from San Francisco, will j
be sold at a sacrifice; gurronnalns lands held at |
*75 per acre; > make an ufler; will subdivide to i
suit 57 Chronicle bui dine. .
'■* LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC- >
iv eat in th* State; selling in tracts, ft acres up- '
ward, $35 per acre adjoining Unas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1 V» hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chroiile c buildintr. :
OMKSTKAD ABANI>OSIMI!.NT. .VaPA :
county; 1 mile railroad; some improvements;
nice chicken. or hog ranch location; 2250. 531
California at., 1. - ■■ -
OR SALK— $2000 1^10 V4 ACRKB OF VALLEY
£ land; 5 acres in vineyard 4 j ears d: small i
cottage, well of water, 9ch,oken-nonies and yards !
of foot wire net; house and brooters (or 700
chicks: 2 new incubators, 250 blooded fowl*, all '.
sizes; 2 horses, basey and harness: half a ml *
from station: 44 miles from sun Fran-isco: $700
down, balance in ten years at 7 per cent. Address
B. W., box 65. Call office . .
•L-iOR KXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOMK PHOP-
X erty— 6o seres, two-third* orchard in bearing,
one-third bare land; near Han Jo.«et. cash value
C'JI.OUO. Address L. 8.,100k box 14. __« Jose, CaL
lon ACRES IN LAKE COUNTY, NKAR
i. £ V L;>wer Lake,' for sale or , trade. Apply
PHILBKICK, 2548 Foisom at., or room 310, Safe
Deposit. . - . .=. • .",
V (i PER ACRE: RANCH. HOURS'
tJlOu drive from city: suitable for aairy. chick-
ens or bees; well watered t : 100 seres. ■ FKANK
AaHfQN, 411 Montgomery st, ,
CjQ PER ACR_;,FOR~bAKLAND OK SAN
«IPO Jose income property, (40 acres of land in
Tehama County : one-half A; fruit and vise land,
balance gracing; plenty wood and water; county
road runs through (and. Address Owner, box 46,
Mercury Office, san Jut, Cai. • - :
ANY ONE A T IN« A RANCH FOR
griming purposes, or an orchard already tin-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years apply Montgomery st
ARIN -COUNTY— BOOO ACRE** MILKS
from city; Jo s any lire; fruit, grain, ve«ea-
bl eland; rail or water transit; $40 la $75 per
acre; terms to suit, syndicate Invtt&tiueiu - Co— t-
I any, t>s Chronicle bulldinz. ___
T TITLE HOM _& CLOSK TO TOW.\, LiT
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit' D. H. TW TNG, Sonoma
City: every Monday a: tS32 Market *;., a b\
SWDiUttUUtt UlJit tj>' UWCHAHIi UU.Mc.JI
ior sal«i. wmisTKK .<• wn irinv. -«n T».«.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
IV ILL IT PAY YES 1 1 BEE A-LE>TDA LE
*' Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
home or paying investment; Fruitvaie, a»joinlng
East Oakland, the earden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets, graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left; fine school; 3 electric roads |
near i-y : conveyance free; *5 cash and $5 monthly.'
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 830 Market s  a. F.
H. Z JONES, owner.l
JfelXiXn BARGAIN; CHICKEN RANCH:
<PXOO\J. new 4-room bouse te order and well;
terms to suit; $500 cash, $15 per month. WM. P.
TODD, 100^ Broadway, Oakland.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on* year for SI 50, post-
«ge free
OAK LAN MOUSES TO LET.
L"URNISHED COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH
r and stable, in the outskirts of Oakland, reDt
$17 50: many. other places for rent or for sale.
Apply W. E. BARNARD, 458 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRNITIKK FOB SALE.
V\?trA^^l>lXM^N^)BnßY~TA^fTiO^TzrMi~H!
»i sCHRLLHAAH.furpitnre-deftler. l'.th.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE. *
Y^U^~T^_RMS^ARE ; OURsT^^ ~~~~~" "~*
©nrnn pretty cottage-, six ROOMS
O— •')\J\J. and bath: close to Chestnut-sC sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
<j_onnn HANDSOME NEW. COTTAGE; 6
£i*J'j\J\J, rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. G. • .
JkQOAA $25 CASH; «20 MONTHLY: 37:6
(JiiUlf. frontage; handsome new . colonial
cottage; 6 rooms and bath,''
«»97P.A $25 DASH; $25 MONTHLY; *T:«
<2PZiIUv/. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms,
: : SPECIAL BARGAINS IX LO/TS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up. -
N ARCU-E & HEM. MEL, contractors and Home
Builders, Eay-st station, Alameda, Cai. Tel. 2.
Office open Snndays ana holidays.
OR SALE— . . "..,-. ./ ■ ". ...;■.,
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. i Grand I St.; cottage 0 moms, Everett st- ;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange fa*
Ban Francisco property. Apply " ' '
- -AtSTON, XLDRIDG- <% CO.,
638 Market St.,
. ' • San Francisco, Cal.*
<£9'-mn to *5000-NE\V and modern
O— Oy " houses on large IqU In eood loratians;
convenient to trails; terms to suit the purchasers-
JO.SKPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 Park
St.. Alamfda. - •
u_:iiiiJ_LJii'" tii^AL tS'lAlii.
©CO CASH AND $10 PER MON^H FOR A
<JtJ"' hard-nnl»hed. 4-roora house; lot 40x100;
price $750. W. C. iIOKAN . Lorin Station, Berke-
ley. ■-' ■'■■-,■' ..■ . .'■ '.:.'.'- ■. .
Q> 1 .1' FOR LOTS IN GOOD - LOCATION:
0 * —*) nmat be sold; come and see. W. C
_OBAN, Lorin Station. . . ';
GOOD HOM _s> FUH «ENT OH JbOR SALK
on easy terms. O.G.MAY* CO., re— v estate
and buUdlng, 2123 Center st. Berkeley. , -
OSEPIt J. MASON, REaL fcS'I'ATK AND
Insurance »gent Herkeley siatn. adjoining hank.
BEKKELKT ROOMS AND HOARDING.
DOOM AND BOARBTpoiTLAiDIKSi PRIVATE
it family: large sunny room*, bath, piano; 5
minutes' waik to university grounds: $20 per j
month. Apply MRS. MOHAN, 2432 Hilgani aye.. |
bet. Scenic and Euclid. Fast Berkeley. -, j
MONTJSRKY SEAL K»TAT£.
"^)^Kfr^SzAH^(yTS£l)^irmiST^C(Sß
-OUU. a lake; '.'-story house, barn, chicken- j
house: 12 lot*, all in fruit and 5 kind* of berries: {
vegetables grow thriftily all year round: must be !
sold immediately. : F. C. CALDWELL. owner,
325 Ninth St.. Oakland. ■ •
PKOFiSKf, : Hi LXCaA.NXiK,
«sn7\°HO_a"_s'| and lots for sale OR
-Uv exchange: all sizes and prices. '»'
Qnn RANCHES FROM I S TO 3000 ACRES,
t)\J\J best location, for sale or exchange.
Xf\f\ BUBINEBB PLACES $5© TO $5000, FOR
Q\J\J sale or exchange. H.C uECKKR.IuaO Mkt
1 c )£i I AL.iEa ll.Milfc.K ■ LAND, liliKS - On ;
J ._."> m»ut: flnt* forcntUe-rslii'ng. N..h^.l6.Cail
i4O>_V li). LOAN.
. A DVANCES* OS 'DIAMONDiS,' WATCHES,
A jewelry, also 00 furniture, planes, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWiXKr
STOKE, 9-is Market st; open evenings.
CIO A A hnn tv loan, city, at 6%: also;
iJIuU.UUU Oakland, life Insurance, real es-
tate in prohatß, small or |ar«e*utDs. tHAISWALD
BL'CKBKK _ CU., fUfcfiQ Monigoraery St.
ONKY LYING JDLE: TAKE AT «5 INTF.U-
nt per month fer each S1U0O; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 3, Call.
ONKY LUANJkU U.\ JKW-LHV AN'U
other Talaables at the Security . Loan Office.
llCßMarketst.nr. Mason: private »n;ranoe 7 Tur—
1 IRECT ON YOUrC fl'KJilTl'KK OK PIANU;
.L/,110 removal: no delays; do commiisioas. low
interest Km. 68, Dunohuo bide. 1170 Market st
i NY A-lUUNT: IST, '•/_ or ib MORTUAUK^;
-X estates, rndivided interests.' real estate In im»
twta, ;_(CCOL<«Ay. V' 4 —annomer-;. room 3.
Oft A/iAOS IMPROVED REAL KSTATB,
OU \JV\J sums not exceeding |1000. Call a*
room 629. Parrott Bulidin^ ■ - ---■-,
,"I ST it aD llbit fviAUKS; INTERESTS IN E*
4- tales Slowest rati-s;ao deisv.ML RfHY.63a Mrk»
, ♦ UVAiNIIiSO.> i]UAIIO>'JSJKWJtmY, t. TO
_j < olnm&ia l.mM * in" >»•►"•». C\ft\t ■ _ i r»« i__ ;
■f~ -. fAHABttUaiM, ; ; v" •;,- - .
GRAND CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE, ■
\J Market: si. : money loaned : watches; diamond*; i
etc.: iQ^egt rates; bargains in unredeemed pledge, '
T '.; 136 < KiiAß}! V.---. is'l., ; KOOM B— MONEY
leaned, '. watches, diamonds, etc.: ■ low rates: j
private roam*: elevator; '.Urtitea for sale cheap. •
';:■:. ■.;' ',v ; .;' ; FINANCIAL. .' "*~~~ ■ .
MONEY 'TO * XX>AN •'' ON^_gupET¥-J - YJ_
VAIN "AlOMiiX, Mnntijom^rv. r. 214
_AiUUA<;K LlCt.NaliS.
The following marriage licen«i?V were Issued by i
the County Clerk's office yesterday; , - ", - : :
:-C E. Donahue and Apni« M. Benthan, 32-24. :
\V. J. Keney and Ada M. Mahan, 81— iH.
H. J. Kueh;er and -ophia B ume, Si-Mi. - - A
C. Nell and Catherine A. McLaug&lia, 30—
L. GagliozzQ and Christine J. Chatelain. 27—28. ;
'L. harzmiiigorand bophie Glass. HS— l9. ;
C. B. Par»ans and Emma H. Provost, 35- a*.
A. C. Margarida and Maria C. Can atlas, ,-sif— l4 ,- .
D. W. McDonald and Rosa A. Sag*, 39-80.
5 -' .'■ ' ' ■■ ' -.'■ • .-:■ ■
' TUi. DIVUKCK BECURO.
Complaint filed: »•..-■
: Eliza Simmon against Caspar Sim man.
Divorces granted; p^HßttSß9"sS
Loui-ie Galik sen from Olam Galiicsen, for •*>
treme cruelty: by JuJire Slack. Custody of minor
chi'dr«ri awarded plaintiff.
Kmi.y EmniODS from Cortaine S. Emmons, for
desertion; by jml^e Sanderson.
: tilt i HA — JIAKRIA«*SS — IIEA i Hi
rßlrth, msrrlaite and death notice* sent by mall
will not be in cried. They mus be handed In at
either of the publication office* and be Indorsed
with the, name and residence of persons aiiihorlzoi
to nave the MOie pubii-itied.J ..- ;
turns. . ..
CROSETT— In this city. August 3, 1896, to the
wife of K. F. Crosett, a son.
GORGE— in this city, August 3. 1836, to the wife
of Peter Gorge, a daughter. .
HINZ— In this city, July 28, 1896, to the wife of
Will am Hinz. n son. '
HOB3ON— In Alameda, July 28, 1896, to the wife
of Thomas R. Housoa. a son. - - ■
JOHNsj-ON— In San Jose. August 4. 1898, to th*
wife of Frank F. Johns;on , a duuschter.
WEGSCHEIDER— 28, 1896, to the wife of
J. E. WeaiCheHer. a son.
' *. ' ■ M.lKliiiJU. .-': r;r
BOYD— GAL/iN— this city. July SO. 1898.
by the Rev. Dr. H. R. Dtlle, Sydney C, Boyd and
Mary Galztn, both or San I ranolsco. '
PICARD— BEKOKVIN— In this city. August 2,
1896, by the Key. Dr. K. B. DI!Ie. Frank Picard
of Alameda and Adeline Eergevln of San Fran-
. cisfo.
UjJil).
A rents, Helen KeStey, Sarah
Behan, James . McDonald. James
Bidincer. .Mies V. McKeever. Charles
Collins, .Minnie A. McLaughUn. James
Conway, Rei-. Joan M. McMaonU. Sophia
Cordova Hiiarta Morstvn. David J.
Crea»r. Walter .Murphy, Mary ..
Curtin, George C. . Scoville, Deborah
Foijy. Michael Mumpf. Jacob
Frahm, Marie Vary, George M. P.
ARENTS— In thiscity. August 3. 1893. Helen,
.-' beloved wife of Albert Aren'.s. mother of Eertha.
Cur:, Helen and Albert Armia Jr., and sister of
Curt Roemer, a native o. Germany, a,ed 61
years 6 mouths and 2'J dars. - ?: -.-■•'•
AQTFriends anil acquaintance* f»r c> TtVtJV--
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thnnd a I*> o'clock i". m., from bee late
residence, 561 Railroad avenue. Alameda,
thence to crematorium at LULU »'. Cemetery.
San Francisco, v:& 3 o'clock p. k. creek boat,
where services will be held M about 4:30 r. _.
BEHAN— In this cttv, August 4, 1898. James
Behan. a n*tiv« of Dublin, nged 5.2 years, '
JE3**Friends and acquaintance* are reapecv-
fnlly mvi cd '.(» attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock P.M., from the
undertaking parlors or McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
I street. . Inter— ieut Holy Cross Cemetery.
BIDINGKH-Iu this city. August 3, 1896, Alee
Viola, beloved daughter of Edward G. and Alice
Bidinser, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
10 months and 14 days.
,O~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p.m.. from" the resi-
dence of the parents. 1445 Harrison street, be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CO_LINS-In this city, -August 3, 1898, Minnie
A., eldest daughter or John and Margacete Col-
lins, a native ot San Francisco.
_3*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x., from the
residence of h*-r parents. 4344 Twenty-fourth
! street, near Hoffman avenue, thence to St James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
■ streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of ncr soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery. ;W
CONWAY— In Li vermore. Alameda County. Au-
: gust 1, 1896, Key John M. Conwav, formerly of
banta Rosa, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
_S*Frieqds ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend Mm funeral THIS UAY
, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from St.
■ Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem m»sa
will be celebrate t for the repose of his soul,
commencing at the above hour. Remains at par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, '20 Fifth street.
CORDOVA— loManzanlta Station, Marin County,
Cai., Hllaria Cordova, a native of Mexico, a^ed
71 years and 8 months. • -.' . -
j *S~t'rientH am acquaintance are r^iDOCS-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. - from St. Mary's
Cbnrch, Sausaltto, where a solemn requiem
mass will b9 celebrated for the repose ot her
- soul, commencing at the above hour.
CREBKR— In this city, Auenst 2, 1896. entered
Into rest, Walter Creber, beloved father of John,
Walter and Sarah Creber, Mrs. John Marshall
and Mrs. Vat. Kehrleln, a native of Devonshire,
" England, aged 68 years 7 months and 6 days.
[Bloomington (III.) papers please copy.]
43" Friend.* and acquaintance* are rr»io»--
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from 909
Lombard street, thence to Masonic Temple,
corner P-ojs and Sloata;omery streets, where the
services, will be held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock
p. m., under the auspices of Ex elsior Lodge No.
166, F. and A. M. , Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CURTIN— Iu San Jose. August 3, 1896, George C,
■ belovtyi son of C. and Jane Curtin, a native of
. San Francisco, aged 20 years. .- &* '^WJU'tCB— W
! Friends are Invited :to attend the funeral
I TO-AtORRO \V (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock A.—-,
: ' from the family residence. 318 Ellis street.
FOLE In this city, August 3, 1896, Michael
Foley, a_ed 58 years.
4STThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
' '(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. v.. from the chapel
of St. Joseph's Home, Part; Hill road and Baker
street, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Interment
, Holy Cross Cemetery. -
FRAHII-ln this city, Angu»t 4,1866, Marie, be-
. loved wife of the late John Frahm, and mother of
' Aiuonia and Louis Frahm. a native of Schles-
wi«- Uolstein, Germany, aged. 44 years,
JWFrtenas and acquaintances are r^nrr-
fully invited to attend the funeral FRIDAY,
August 7, at '4 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence., 184 Noe street, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth. Intenn^ot 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KELLEY— In San Rafael, Aniust 3, 1M96, Sarah
Ke ley, beloved wife of Richard Kelley, and
mother of Dr. Winifred M. Hyrue, a native of
■ Ireland, aged 75 years. - . - . . ■
McDQNALv-In th a city. August S. 1896. James.
beloved husband of Jane McDonald, a native oJ
Ireland, aged 67 years.
aS-Friena-i and aciua!ntano«i ar' reava**-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from bislata
residence. 267 Shipley street, the nee to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
' b* celebrated for the repoie of his soul, com-
meooing at 9 o'clock a.m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . .
McKKEVER-In this city. August 1, 3898,
Charles, beloved husband of Margaret MoUeever,
- tirotner -of John McKeever and Mrs. Jane
Rapliell, and uncle of Maud. Gus, Henry and
tha late Charles William Justice, a native of
. Ireland, aged 60 years.
jfcj- Friends and acquaintance* are ravmv-
' fnlly mvi ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
! (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the
S " Masonic Hal), corner S:elnerand Geary streets,
! under the auspices of King Solomon's Lodge No.
260, F. and A. M. :
AicLAUGHLIN— Ip this citr, Au-rnst 4. 1896,
James. infant son or Edward aud Lizzie Me-
Laiuhlin, ant ■ brother of Kddt.-, Thomas, Re-
becca apd L zzie McLaughiin. a native or San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 4 day*.
1. JKaTThe funeral will take placa Ii>MORROW
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents.' 1361 Minna street, inter-
i ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ' .
McMaNNI-i— ln Frnuvale. August 3, 18*8,
Sophia, beloved mother of Thomas J. McMannis
ana Adolph Lonbacb, a native of Germany,
aged 55 years and 4 months and 1 6 days.
|M-Fr!end* and acquaintances are resDsco
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m.. from the
family residence, 1460 Fruitvaie avenue. Fruit-
vale. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco. ". '* . ' ■ ■"" •• :•
MORGAN— In this city, August 4, 1896, David
■'■ James, beloved son of 'Samuel and Kate Mor-
gan, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months.
MURPHY— in this c|U. August 4. 1896, Mary,
dearly beloved slaier or Frank and William Mur-
phy and John, Andrew and Thomas McDevitt,
a native of *an Francisco, aged 30 years 4
months and 21' days. v^b^MMMMI , :
gf Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a tend me funeral TO-MORROW
Claursday). at 10 o'clock a. m., from 'he par-
lors of Valence, Marinl & Co., 15:44 Stockton
street, near Union, tnenc* by 11 ;30 o'clock a. _.
train for Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . .
SCOVILLE— In Beaver Dam." Wig.. July 29, 1896,
Deborah (Taylor) ' Scoville. dearly . beloved
mother of J. J. >coviile of Han Francisco, a un-
live of Waterford, Vermont, aged 80 yean.
PTUMPF— In this cttv,. August '4,' 189;}, Jacob
Stumpf, a native of Germany, aged 61 years. ■
VARY— this city. August 3. 1898, at 817 Post
street. George M, P. Vary. M.D.. eon of Mrs.
Vary and . the late George Vary, and brother of
the Misses Pond, a native or Inverness, Scotland,
in his 83th year. * -
t tO" Friends aud acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRUW
(Thursday). at 2 o'clock p.m.. from 817 Post street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. "■; -
C. O. F.— Officers • and members : of 'Bohem'an
Circe No. 134, CO. F., are requested to attend
the funeral of our late physician, Dr. George M.
*.Vary. ' By orderjf CRBlsT ___ saBJIi _, p.
Km B>im«wooP, f. a. *
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
olßti'on — Tne regular monthly requiem high
man for the -deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, wilt be celebrated in
St D':m tile's Chnrch Bush and Kleiner streets.
TO-MORROW -(Tnars4ay). at 9 o'clock; a. x.
Friends are invited to «tien I. . ■
' IVicAVOY A GALLAGHER, 'I
; FUN ER AL DIBKCTORS 4 EMB A I.M
.20 Fifth St.V Opp.' Lincoln s)*%oe>l.
■ ' ."'■;:' j. ' Telephone 3080. . ; / .^ ..''-..
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN "■- MATEO i COUNTY: - NEAREST CEME-
O tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in on sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled.- Office 897 Market
street southeast corner of sixth.  :,*.•-..
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE '_)A-_ULN A-BXTT — Kd; T-i4
O great Mexican Remedy; , mv« *is*iui MM
ftwniriii to Urn o«*u»i Ogt-o* **gggma
1516
DREW A GUN ON
JAMES H. BARRY,
A Sensational Incident on
a Crowded City-
Street.
MURDER WAS INTENDED
Dave Neagle, the Slayer of Judge
Terry, Seeks Another
Victim.
THE EDITOR ON THE ALEET.
He Had Been Warned Not to Give
Provocation and the Gun Was
Not Fired.
flJames H. Barry, editor of the Star, was
standing at the corner of Montgomery and
Pine streets yesterday morning talking
to his friend, Joseph Asbury Johnson.
David Neagle, the slayer of Judge Terry,
and at present an employe of the Southern
David Neagle, Who Assaulted Janies H. Barry. Fditor of the " Star," Yesterday.
Pacific Railroad Company, in company
with two friends, approached. A minute's
conversation ensued between Barry and
Neagle in such a level tone of voice as to
attract no attention from the passers-by
and all the parties went their way. Tbe
stream of humanity was not interrupted
in the least decree. Yet in that minute
murder in its mosi sensational form passed
within a hair — but passed and remained
undone.
In the Star of last Saturday was printed
a rather sensational reference to Neagle
nnder the heading, "Murderer Neagle Still
on Deck," in which Neagle was referred to
as "a dangerous character who should be
shot dead by any man whom he
approaches."
Since the publication Neagle has been
heard to make the threat that he would
shoot Barry on sight.
On Monday a friend ot Barry's, a well
known lawyer, brought this intelligence to
him, saying, "Do you know, Barry, that
your life is in danger?"
Barry answered that he was aware that
his life was more or less in danger all the
time.
"Buc more particularly just now. 'Dave'
Neaele sweara he intends to kill you on
sight."
"But he won't." said Barry.
"But he may. I advise you to arm
yourself, ana, more particularly, do not
be led Dy anything he may say or do into
making an assault, or in any way offering
an excuse for violence. He will seek to
justify what he may do; otherwise ne does
not put any value on human life. 1 ad
vise you to arm yourself for an emer
gency. "
Barry said he had never carried a
weapon and would not begin ; that he did
not believe the man would attack him.
anew to-day.
H A Bottle on hand 11
% A Dose in time A
|m|) Browne
A^^^^s^^y^ an a remedy 1
ft* 9)r for cramps or colic. JL
VUy It possesses a re- ■
' J^fr markable tonic power, 2
%^%M beneficial to the highest II
ifnf degree. A true stimulant II
'■, Mew that gives permanent benefit Ira
IOT to the system without the If
W slightest reaction. A correc-
m tive of all stomach troubles; a^
f preventive of cold; a household .1
I remedy that no home should be |
I without. Be sure and get the V I
I : genuine. Red label ; on every I
I wrapper ' with this , trade mark, i m .
h '^k&sShnwhJS Jm
iX l! 23 c< *'" /IB
i^^k FUFD BROWH CO^^T
WT Philadelphia. • *M
He was, however, forewarned and on the
alert.
As he stood on the corner conversing
with his friend a man advanced toward
him in an excited manner, and when at a
distance of four or five feet stopped and
spat towaid him. Instantly Barry realized
who it was and what it meant.
He said : "You are Neagle."
"Yes, I am."
"Dave Neagle," repeated Barry, as the
man half drew from his left hip pocket—
for he is left-handed— a shining revolver.
"You have been making tbe threat about
town that you intended to kill me on
sight. You are now trying to provoke me
into making an assauit upon you in order
that you may have some excuse — the same
programme that you followed in the
Terry case. Here I am; shoot."
Neagle stood in his place some paces
distant, twirling the revolver, not alto
gether drawn from his pocket.
With his right hand he pulled from his
inside coat a copy of the- Star with the
story, with the leaf folded back to mark
the offending article.
"Did you put that in?" asked Neagle.
"I not only put it in, but I wrote it,"
said Barry.
Neagle pushed the paper back into his
pocket, and, saying, "Do not let it occur
again," gave his coat tail a significant
swish and walked away.
"As long as I live," called Barry after
him, ; 'I will edit the Star."
This is the story of the incident as re
lated by Barry and by Johnson. It bad
not disturbed the current of the street,
only the few people concerned were aware
of what was passing, so quietly and so
quickly had it all transpired, but within
an hour the story had spread over the
City and been distorted into a thousand
shapes by rumor. The telephones of
newspaper offices began ringing with
anxious inquiries as to "How badly is
Barry hurt?" "Is it true that Barry is
fatally injured?" etc.
Barry went his way, did his errand in
the Mills building and returned to his
office to already find it besieged by his
friends. In speaking about the encounter,
he said:
"The minute the man approached me I
instinctively knew who it was and, with
that realization, the warning and advice
of my friends of the day before caroe to
me. My first impulse, when the fellow
spat at me, was to spring at and strike
Editor James H. Barry.
him. But I knew that he was simply
seeking provocation that he might kill
me and escape undei a plea of self-defense.
He had several men with him as witnesses
to swear him out of it. So I maintained
command of myself and, telling him quite
coolly that I was aware of his purpose,
dared him to shoot. I do not consider,
however, that hs is the man chiefly at
fault. He did only what be was told to
do. He was merely the pistol, the instru
ment. Did I see the revolver? Certainly,
very plainly. He twirled it about in his
hand all the time he stood there. He
kept at a reasonable distance from me, so
that he would have full opportunity to
shoot if I made a step toward him. lam
certain that had I not been warned and
advised as I was I would now be a dead
man, for my first impulse was to spring
and strike."
Barry's friends marched in procession
all the afternoon in and out of his office
offering congratulations. On the street
the incident became the single topic of
conversation, and the "good old days" of
the Vigilance Committee were often re
fered to. More than one made the sug
gestion t hat Neagle be visited by a com
mittee of citizens and warned that his
presence in the City is not desirable.
Joseph Asbury Johnson, who was a
witness of the incident, said last evening:
"Had Barry made an aggressive move
ment he would certainly have been killed.
Neaele's whoie attitude indicated that he
stood ready to carry out his threat, and
that he only wanted provocation. lam
sure he had witnesses with him. 1 dis
tinctly saw his revolver, which he drew
from his pocket and twirled about in his
hand. Barry earned himself with remark
able coolness."
Barry consulted with his attorney yes
terday and will probably bring some
action aeainst Neagle, though what it will
be he had not determined upon last even
ina. Fallowing in the article which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1596.
brought about the affair. It appears in
the first column of the second page of the
last issue of the Star:
Murderer Neagle Still on Deck.
That infernal miscreant Neagle. who mur
dered Judge Terry, at Judge Field's instance,
and who should long since have dangled on
the gallows, is now, it appears, employed as
hired villain by the Southern Pacific. That
is just where such wretches belong, if
they must be outside of a jail or the
gallows. A. J. Collins is a former em
ploye of the Southern Pacific, who has, or
thinks he has, a claim on that company for
ill usage. For trying to see H. E. Huntington
he was kept two months tn the County Jail, and
then released on bonds, his attorney having
apparently been bought up by the Southern
Pacific. Turned loose, penniless and partially
disabled, he has been selling articles on the
street, and in that vocation he was standing
near the railroad office when H. E. Hunting
ton passed and spoke to him, when Collins
answered quietly, with his arms folded. No
sooner had he uttered a few words than
Neagle grabbed him by the throat, threw him
off the sidewalk aud threatened to kill him if
he bothered railroad people again. Neagle is
not, on general principles, a safe man to be at
large, nor is Huntington as long as he keeps
such a bulldog around him. A vigorous prose
cution should be instituted against Neagle,
and perhaps aeainst Huntington as accessory.
Neagle Is a dangerous character, who should
be shot dead by any man whom he approaches.
Dave Neagle makes his headquarters in
the "claims department" of the Southern
Pacific. His name or address does not
appear in the directory and it could not be
learned in the railroad offices. Upon in
quiry they stated there that he purposely
withheld his name from the directory so
that people could not find him.
THE KILLING OF TERRY.
The Tragedy That Gave Neaele His
Unenviable Fame.
The killing of David S. Terry, once Chief
Justice of the State Supreme Court, by
Dave Neagle, then a United States Mar
shal, took place on August 15, 1889.
The tragedy occurred in the depot din
ing-room at Lathrop. It was the culmin
ation of a long-standing feud.
The Southern Pacific overland train had
just arrived at Lath rop about 7:20 a. m.,
and the dining-room was a scene of bustle
and animation. One hundred and twenty
five passengers had rushed off the train
eager for breakfast and were seated at the
tables around the room.
At a table near the door sat Justice
Stephen J. Field. Besida him was Neagle
in the capacity of a bodyguard.
Five minutes later David S. Terry en
tered tbe room, followed by his wife. L
M. Stackpole, proprietor of the establish
ment, stood near the desk and whispered
"Field is there." Both husband and wife
glanced in the direction indicated, and the
latter trembled, then ran oat of tbe door
toward the sleeper. On h«r return Terry
said to Stackpole, "Look out for my wife,"
and proceeded down the aisle toward a table
some distance from that where Field sat.
His movements attracted no particular
attention. A few, to whom his remarkable
face and figure were known, looked up; tbe
rest were too busy eating to think of any
thing else. Terry was very pale. He
fidgeted nervously in his seat. Several
times he half rose; at last he rose and
walked rapidly toward Field's seat. He
was about to strike the Cbief Justice when
Neagle's ha.jd was thrust out, there was a
slight scuffle, two shots were fired in quick
succession and Judge Terry fell to the
floor with a Dullet in his heait, dead.
The whole aftair occurred in the space
of thirty Beconds. Instantly there was a
wild rush for the door, tables were pushed
aside and chairs overthrown.
A few of tbe boldest made for Neagle,
who stood with bis revolver in his hand,
over the prostrate form of the ex-Judge.
He cried: "lama United States officer
in the discharge of my duty ; don't touch
me."
Then Justice Field arose, and taking the
Marshal by the arm, slipped through the
crowd into the car.
Neagle is rather fond of describing this
affair. In doing so he says: "Justice Field
and myself were at breakfast. I saw Terry
coming. He approached Justice Field
from behind. As he stood over him with
clenched fists, as though about to strike
fcim, or apparently to fall upon him in tbe
excitement and anger, I sprang up and
forward, and with my right hand grasped
him by the coat, while I drew my revolver
with my left As he turned toward me I
had him just right. I thrust the revolver
forward and pulled twice. It was a self
actor and he fell."
Neagle is employed by the railroad com
pany as a sort of bodyguard to tbe officials
at times and at others as a detective and
agent to get evidence for the defense of
railroad suits. He is of slight figure,
about five feet eight inches in height, of
sallow complexion, light hair and eyes
and a rather shambling gait.
There is a fend of long standing between
Neagle and Wyatt Earp. Neagle once
made the public declaration that he had
driven Earp out ot Tucson. Earp, when
he subsequently met Neagle on the streets
of San Francisco, quietly advised him, so
the story goes, that he had better go into
the country whenever he, Earp, came to
town. It is said that Neagle took and
always followed the advice.
CHAMPIONS WOMAN.
The Term Means Protection and
Prosperity and Independence,
Not Dependence.
A meeting in the cause of woman's suf
frage was held last evening at Home Col
lege, 3360 Seventeenth street. It was pre
sided over by State Organizer Mary E.
Hay and a number of ladies identified
with the movement were present and
spoke. The principal event of the meet
ing was a paper by Mrs. Cramer, of which
the following are extracts :
Woman's suffrage means protection and
prosperity, and this means independence, mid
not dependence. The true meaning of woman's
suffrage is not to be found in mere worldly
opinions or expressions of sentiment, but
in eternal principle. Knowing, as we
do, that the eternal principle of the
universe is at the bottom of the
movement we are ready and willing to accept
any and every result that may come through
franchise. The constitution says that all na
tive-born or naturalized persons are citizens
of the United States, and* the right of the citi
zens to vote shall uot be lenied or abridged by
the United States on account of race, color or
previous condition of servitude.
Seeing that there is nothing in the condition
of the. United States that is opposed to equal
rights i have often wondered why it was not
considered illegal to deprive women of the
right to vote.
New Corporations.
The Chase Combination Spring Company
was yesterday incorporated by Harrison O.
Chase, Henry C. Flnkler, Robert P. Chase,
Parker Crittenden and C. A. Maydwell. The
capital stock is $500,000, of which $625 has
been paid up.
O'Brien & Sons was incorporated by Joseph
E. Green, H. Keenan, H. Van Valkenberg,
Milton W. Moon and Thomas E. Ryan. The
capital stock is $150,000, of which $500 has
been paid up.
To the Asylum.
Judge Sanderson yesterday committed Frank
Kanagoani, the cook who a few days ago
threatened to kill a car conductor who asked
him to pay fare, to the asylum at Ukiah.
Kanagoani is violent at times And has hallu
cinations.
Edward McCormack, an aged and infirm
man, was also committed to Ukiah, as was Ida
Thompson, a violent person who was sent to
tha court iroia the City and County Hospital.
TWO REPUBLICS,
Mme. Amelia Mezzara of
This City Granted
a Pension.
A RED CROSS NURSE.
She Served in the Field Hospitals
During the Great Civil
War.
AMONG THE FEENCH WOUNDED
German Officers Honor the Signatures
of Sherman and Fighting
Joe Hooker.
Mme. Amelia Mezzara, a teacher of
French, residing at 1222 Pine street, has
been granted a pension from the War De
partment at Washington. About eighteen
months ago she was injured by falling
from a streetcar, and believing that she
was permanently disabled applied, upon
the advice of her friends, for a pension.
On the continent of Europe and in Amer
ica Mme. Mezzara has given her time and
her labor to that most noble of occupa
tions, a soldiers' nurse, and two republics
have honored her with their acknowledg
ment of her services. She is the widow
of the artist and sculptor, Pietro Mezzara,
who died in Paris in 1883. he was one of
the founders of the Art Association of the
School of Design in tnis City. The Lin
coln statue of the school that bears the
martyred President's name is his work.
He also exhibited in the Paris Salon in
1883.
Mme. Mezzara was born in France and
finely educated in languages and music.
In 1860 she was in New York intending to
join her husband in this State. The Civil
War broke out and the North was in the
throes of preparation for the coming strug
gle. There was a call for three months'
troops to put down the rebellion, and
Mme. Mezzara, knowing that she wonld
be detained that length of time before she
could sail for California, concluded to en
list also. Sue was sent to a school for the
training of hospital nurses, and was then
detailed for duty in Miss Dixs corps of
nurses. She was soon after sent, at her
own request, to the front and was with
the field hospitals in "Fighting Joe"
Hooker's division. The Confederacy was
harder to whip than was proDhesied by
the Northern politicians, and the years of
bloody conflict went on. Mme. Mezzara
remained faithfully at her post until
Richmond came down.
She was in New York when the mutter
ing of war began to sound load along the
Rhine, and her beloved Franco was pre
paring to cross swords with Prussia.
Connt de Flavigny, president of the
Geneva Red Cross Society, wrote to Henry
W. Bellows, D.D., president of the Sani
tary Commission of the United States,
asking for full information regarding the
field hospital and ambulance services.
He was also asked for the names of ex
perienced army nurses, desiring a num
ber of those ladies to enter the service of
the society for work in the coming battle
fields of Europe.
Among those recommended by Dr. Bel
lows was Mme. Mezzara, but before she
received the Count's invitation she was
out on the Atlantic bound for France.
With her army papers she carried an
autographic letter and order from General
Hooker, received from that soldier during
the war, which testified to her devotion to
his wounded "boys" and authorized her to
go and come through his lines at will.
The Signature of " Fighting Joe."
She also had a letter to the United
States Minister resident at Paris, asking
that every attention be shown this
French-American citizeness. It was
signed by General W. T. Sherman in
"Old Tecumseh's" well-Jcnown hand
writing:
' Old Tecumseh's" Signature.
Mm«. Mezzara has those precious
letters yet, with her medals and her war
trophies.
Once on the battle-field she met the
Prince of Mecklenberg, then in command
of a Prussian division. He was inclined
to be severe with the Frenchwoman, even
if she did wear the red cross on her arm.
But when he saw the signatures of Sher
man and Hooker on her papers he treated
her with marked consideration.
She also has among her relics an
Adams' Express receipt which accom
panied two cases of chickens and hams
sent to her ai the front by Cyrus Field in
return for a scanty "soldier's dinner" she
had prepared for him at her hospital
tent.
At the close of her worK in France she
was presented by the French Republic
with a superb gold medal in recognition
of her noble work in the field. B~ie had
proved to be an invaluable nurse, her four
years' experience on the American battle
fields fitting her for the work. On her re
turn to California she was presented with
another gold medal, beautifully engraved,
by the French ladies of this City.
Mme. Mezzara is not inclined to talk of
her life and work, feeling that she did only
what hundreds of other ladies of the Sani
tary Commission and Red Cross Society
have done in the noble cause.
"I do not care to see myself written up
as anything of a heroine," said the gentle
woman yesterday. -'The world has many
women who did as much and more than I
have accomplished among the wounded
soldiers, and their names have never been
mentioned in the newspapers. The work
of nursing was hard always, as nurses in
the hospitals fared like the troops, but I
have ever received the utmost kindness
and courtesy from foes as well as friends.
The graceful commendation of the two
great republics and those who honored
me with their approving testimonials, is
recompense far above my deserts."
Attacked by a Maniac.
Frank Franchtni, a cook, who was arrested
Sunday afternoon on a Geary-itreet car for re
fusing to pay his fare and threatening to shoot
the conductor, became so violent in the City
Prison that he was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital as insane. He made an attack upon
Steward Bucher and attempted to throttla
him, but Bucher knocked him down and, with
the assistance oi Dr. Bunnell, put the straps
on him.
A BRAVE ACT.
M. TV. Newberry Saved From Drowning
in the Surf at the Cliff House.
At 2:30 p. m. yesterday M. W. Newberry,
an artist on the Chronicle staff, was
rescued from death in the surf at the Cliff
House by Matthew H. Gay and Ed Rosen
baum, who are employed as lifesavers at
the Sntro Baths.
Mr. Newberry and a friend were bathing
in the surf when, venturing too far, New
berry was carried at least a quarter of a
mile from the shore, and realizing his in
ability to regain the beach he called for
help. His friend rushed into the baths
and gave the alarm. Mr. Gay at once re
sponded, and although the undertow at
this point is particularly strong, he with
the greatest courage went to the rescue.
He succeeded in reaching the drowning
man and stipporting him until Mr. Rosen«
baum came to his assistance. Between
them they landed Newberry more dead
than alive. It was some" time before
he recovered.
A StoiuatologiHt'g Gooel-By.
The Stomatological Club tendered to Its
president, Dr. William J. Younger, a srood-by
reception at the ciubrooms before his depar
ture on a protracted visit to the East and Eu
rope to fill a number of engagements in the
practice of his dental specialties. Nearly the
entire membership of the club was present to
extend good wishes to its distinguished mem
ber in the new fields of his professional career.
A happy time was had in feast, speech and
song, and much regret expressed that the den
tal profession of the coast was to be deprived
of so active and scientific a member. Dr.
Younger expressed his heartfelt appreciation
of tbe honor shown to him and said he would
always remain a member of the club, which
had been instrumental, as the only organiza
tion of its kind, in giving the dental profes
sion of San Francisco a reputation equal, if not
superior, to any in the world for scientific
ability.
REV. McCLISH CHOSEN,
He Will Preside Over the Uni-
versity of the Pacific at
San Jose.
M. D. Cross Elected Vice-president of
the Faculty— Flattering
Letters.
The trustees of the University of the
Pacific met yesterday in the office of I. J.
Truman and elected a president for the
San Jose institution.
As was predicted in The Call of last
Sunday, Rev. Eli McClish, D. D., was
chosen without a dissenting vote. M. D.
Cross, who had been dean of the faculty,
was made vice-president of the faculty.
The position of president of the Univer
sity of the Pacific was offered to Dr.
McClish before. Six years aso, juut after
he came out here, he was asked to fill the
position made vacant by the resignation
of Dr. A. C. Hirst. At that time, however,
he refused, saying that he did not know
the people out here, nor was he familiar
with the conditions which would confront
him. Since then the place has been
offered to him several times, and finally
he agreed to take it if the ministers and
representative laymen of the California
Methodist Conference should wish it.
That they did wish it was shown by the
fact that at tbe meeting of the trustees
yesterday a bundle of letters was handed
to I. J. Truman, the presiding officer, con
taining indorsements from between sixty
and seventy of the prominent Methodists
of tbe State, of Dr. McClish as president
of the university.
Dr. McClish is a veteran of the war. He
was 20 when peace was declared, and for
ten years after he resumed civil life he de
voted himself to study. Then he spent a
year in a theological seminary, and for
seven years after he preached in various
churches in the East. Then he came to
San Francisco.
There were present at tbe meeting yes
terday: I. J. Truman, presiding; Thomas
Filbe'n, D.D., secretary; Dr. E. R. Dille,
T. C. McChesney, H. B. Hickok, D.D. ;
S. E. Holden, R. S. Cantine, D.D. ; Mrs.
Helen Kingsbury, Jere Leiter, Rev. A. H.
Needham, J. A. Percy, Rev. E. R. Willis,
Rev. T. H. Woodward, J. C. Juck and Rev.
Eli McClish, D.D.
Dr. McClish says the university will
open just after the conference, to be held
about the middle of September. There is
an excellent faculty in charge, he says,
and everything promises harmony and
progress. _^^______
THE CHRISTIAN ALLIANCE
State Convention of Religious
Workers Assemble for
Discussion.
Numerous Good Speakers to Assist
Believers Into a Higher and More
Consecrated Life.
Oakland Office San Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4.
The annual convention of the California
State Christian Alliance opened a four
day session in the First Baptist Church,
Fourteenth and Brush streets, at 10 o'clock
this morning, with about 125 delegates
present. It is expected that this number
will be doubled by to-morrow mornine.
The sessions are to be at 10 a. m., 2 and
7:30 p. m.
The object of the alliance and its con
ventions is to aid each other in coming
into the full inheritance in Christ and
strengthen each other's hands for Chris
tian service. While strictly evangelical,
holding all the cardinal tenets of the
Christian faith, the alliance emphasizes
the personal endowment of the Holy
Spirit and a complete salvation for spirit,
soul and body.
Among the subjects to be considered
are: "Holiness," "The Gift and Endow
ment of the Holy Spirit," "Faith," "The
Ministry of Prayer," "Divine Healing,"
"The Lord's Coming," "Missionary Worfc
as a Preparation for the Lord's Return."
Among the prominent speakers will be:
Rev. H. C. Waddel of Beulah Training
school, Rev. T. J. Arnold, president of the
association; Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgom
ery, Rev. Mr. Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. Fer
guson of Los Angeles, Rev. A. Coplin and
Rev. J. H. Allen of Oakland and others.
The Oakland Alliance, which is acting
as host during the convention, has ov3r
100 members and thiee times as many
more prominent church people in full
sympathy with the work. Among the
most prominent of the local members in
attendance are Mrs. W. O. Buckland, Mrs
J. Wilcox, Mrs. A. B. Gove, George H
Montgomery, Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Cogswell
Mrs. J. W. Mason.
Rev. T. J. Arnold, an evangelist of San
Francisco, is president, and he is presid
ing at the sessions. In the opening ad
dress he gave a most interesting account
of the work of the organization during the
past year. He pointed to much progress
mude at San Jose, Santa Rosa and Stock
ton and told of a general growth through
out the State.
The climate of Mexico is so varied that
in that country can be raised any product
of the tromes or the polar regions.
NEW TO-PAT— DRT: GOODS. >^>j__ ,--•__;.
SPECIAL SALE
■- 1.-,-. • • : — ■ OS" ■ — — . •■;
EMBROIDERIES!
50,000 YARDS
Fine Nainsook and Cambric Embroideries
AT LESS THAN MANUFACTURER'S PRICES!
We beg to inform the public that com-
mencing Monday, August 3d, we will place
on sale a special purchase of four cases FINE
EMBROIDERIES. These Embroideries were
purchased by us from a manufacturer in
ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, and are all the
very finest class of goods. They come in all
the different widths with insertings to
match, and they are the very latest Guipure
and Irish Point effects.
The prices of above goods are
64.C, Bic, 10c, 15c, 20c
25c, 30c and 40c per Yard,
And are fully 50 per cent less than similar
goods have ever been sold in this city.
TELEPHONE QRANT 1 84.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
DEFENDED THE LIBRARIES
County School Superintendents
Want the Special Fund
Retained.
Favor an Amendment Taking From
Connty Boards the Issuing
of Certificates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 4. j
The opening of the second day's session
of the County Superintendents' State Con
vention was delayed half an hour by the
lack of a quorum, when the president,
Miss Kate Ames, of Napa, called the meet
ing to order at 9:35 o'cloce.
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion Irwin of Oregon was presented to the
convention by Superintendent Black,
elected an honorary member and invited
to occupy a seat on the platform during
the balance of the sessions. In response
to the honor he made a few remarks.
A motion to consolidate all school funds
into one was favorably acted upon, and
Superintendents Kirk, Linscott and Har
rington were named a committee to draft
the proper amendment. _
Superintendent Davis opposed the
school library fund, as provided for in
section 1718 of the school law, and moved
to have the entire section stricken out.
In support of the motion he held that
manj school districts were compelled fre
quently to accept the library appropria
tion, which was not needed, while the
school building might be suffering for re
pairs and paint. This idea wes supported
by a number of others, who held that the
fund was only a bait to draw smooth
tongued book agents, and as a conse
quence the library shelves were filled with
Superintendent Kirk defended the law
as it stood, and claimed it was a fuud for
the benefit of the teacher.c whereby they
could secure necessary supplementary
books. He was ably seconded by others,
and when the vote was taken the motion
to strike out was overwhelmingly de
feated. -■ T __
The amendment offered to article IX,
section 7. of the State constitution, strik
ing out the clause, "The county superin
tendent and the county Boards of Educa
tion shall have control of the examination
of teachers and granting of teachers'
certificates within their respective juris
dictions," and inserting, "Who shall per
form such duties as shall be provided by
law," caused much discussion.
The section, if so amended, would read:
"The Legislature shall provide for a Board
of Education in each county in the State,
who shall perform such duties as may be
provided by law."
In this way it was argued that better
results would be secured for high school
grades, while the grammar and primary
grade teachers would be certified by the
county superintendents and Board of Edu
cation as at present. it was adopted
nearly unanimously.
This afternoon the convention adjourned
and attended the Oakland Exposition in a
body. It had a most delightful time.
Graduate of St. Mary's.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 4.— George
Curtin, a son of C. C. Curtin, the San Fran
cisco dry-goods merchant, who was found
dead in the granary at his father's ranch
near Alum Rock, Santa Clara County, yes
terday afternoon, was a graduate of St.
Mary's College, and had many friends
here, who heard the news with much
sorrow.
When Baby was sick, we ga^e her Castoria,
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and> C7K A A
Kitchen \ $ I O.UU
Fine selected Ash Bedroom) <J»1 Q KA
Suit. 6 pieces, Bevel mirror, ipiU.uVF
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) C*»K) X A
silk bfocatelle f Hp&£.d\J
Handsome Sideboard j. $10.00
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases.) QA A A
highly polished ...f
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) £A Pfa
Brussels and Ingrains, >• O\J via
sewed, laid and lined . .) and upward
. Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. House*
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Good*
packed and shipped free to Oakland, < Alameda
and Berkeley. InsDection cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224. 228, 230 »nd 306 and 808
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Oi>en Evening*
School
Books
Retailed
at----
Wholesale
Prices.
No Second-Hand Books.
Everything New.
Full Line of Books and Stationery.
OPEN EVENINGS.
' (We succeed the Bancroft Company.)
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.,
" Second floor. 723 Market St.
4&UWYSI
IB THE VERY BEST • ONE TO EXAMtSa
J- your eyes and lit tnem to Spectacles and By*,
glasses with lnstrumtnts <of tola own ' iar*aUo%
: wbotesnpertority tas not been eqoaUiL tig ♦**•
' MMbM been due to the menu <M aw wot*
Uffica iionw— l* totf.M.
THESUCCESS^F THE SEISM
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
__loi- THE-
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.