VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 103.
HANNA TALKS OF
BRYAN'S LETTER
An Appeal to the Poor to
Battle Against the
Rich.
IT IS A FALSE POLICY.
And With It No Candidate for
President Has Ever Been
Successful.
KEPTJBLICANS GAIN HEADWAY
From Many Sections Come Assurances
That Major McKinley Will Be
Elected.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept 10.— Chairman
Henna is still directing the "details of or
ganization" at Republican headquarters.
He is kept busy eight hours a day talking
to and being talked to by scores of. politi
cians and business men. He will devote
most of his time until election day to the
West, where he acknowledges there is
much hard wort yet to be done to make
success a sure quantity.
Mr. Hanna said to-day to a reporter for
the United Associated Presses that the re
ports which he had received since he had
arrived last Saturday showed the Republi
cans were getting most of what he termed
the uncertain element among the electors,
and the party was steadily recovering lost
ground. He declared the best and most
numerous element of organized labor was
friendly to McKiniey, and agitators like
Debs were against the Republican party
because it was composed of men who had
been successful.
Mr. Hanna took up the subject of Mr.
Bryan's letter of acceptance, and comment
ing on the brief reference to free coinage
said:
"Mr. Bryan admits the failure of his
arguments for free silver and he gives
rotice in his letter that henceforth he will
deal with the rest of the Chicago platform.
He will appeal to the masses to array
themselves against the classes, the poor
against the rich. He intends to appeal to
the passions and prejudices of men. He
sadly mistakes the intelligence of the
American workingman if he minks they
will support him. No candidate for Presi
ever smcce»d*<i with sucu a
policy."
John M. Ewing, secretary of the Wiscon
sin committee, called and asserted his old
allegiance and reports that Wisconsin will
give 50,000 majority for McKinley, the
Germans being almost solid lor him.
The resignation of Sterling H. Holt,
chairman of the Indiana Democratic com
mittee, was regarded at headquarters as
an indication that the gold Democrats of
the State intended to make a fignt against
the Bryan followers and 15,000 to 20,000
votes go to McKinley.
J. D. Elliott, chairman of the South
Dakota committee, wrote to Cnief Hahn
of the speakers' bureau: "We have them
on the run in this State. We are making
a schoolhouse campaign and the reports
which I receive daily show that the silver
voters are enrolling themselves with the
McKinley clubs, fcouth Dakota will surely
go Republican. I have made one hundred
assignments for speakers in the last three
days."
Hon. Roswell G. Horr of New York
wrote from Kansas to Mr. Hahn that he
had never in his political campaign ex
perience had such large meetings to ad
dress. When the halls and tents were
filled there was always an overflow meet
ing to address. He said Kansas was
ablaze and the Republicans working har
moniously.
Mr. Hahn to-day assigned Hon. Ben
Butterworth of Ohio and F. X. Schoon
maker of Illinois, among other speakers,
to make a tour of the Pacific Coast States,
speaking in Minnesota, Nebraska and
Wyoming first. This is the first time a
National committee has attempted to sup
ply speakers for the Coast States.
Terence V. Powderly, the labor leader,
has been engaged by the National Com
mittee to make a speaKing toar through
the West especially for workingmen, be
ginning about Septem ber 25.
GREETINGS FROM GOVERNORS.
lAppitt of Rhode Island, and Buthnell of
Ohio to Call' on McKinleij.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 11.— Governor Lip
pitt of Rhode Island telegraphed Major
McKiniey this evening that he would call
on him to-morrow afternoon. Governor
Bushnell will be here wiih his staff some
time Friday, and three delegates are sche
duled to arrive during the day.
Hon. W. A. Lynch, one of the most
widely known Democratic lawyers in
Eastern Ohio, addressed the Railroad
Men's Sound Money Club at tne Taber
nacle this evening. The great auditorium
was crowded to the doors. Mr. Lynch
made a stirrrng sound-money speech, and
has carried with him a large number of
Democrats who have never voted the Re
publican ticket, but who propose to do so
this year. Mr. Lynch is the man who was
chieflly responsible for Major McKinley's
defeat when he ran for Congress six years
ago. .
POISONED AT A WEDDING.
Seventy-Five Guests Suffer Severely After
Partaking Liberally of Chicken
} Pie.
DBS MOINES, lowa, Bept. 10,-At the
wedding of J. C. Tombs and Miss Emma
Henderson at Bondurant yesterday a
wholesale poisoning occurred. Imme
diately after the redding, which was at
noon, a dinner was served to about
seventy-five guests. Nearly all of them
were poisoned by something they had
eaten, supposed to have been chicken-pie,
cookeri in copper vessels. A nucuher
quickly recovered, but about twenty were
In a dangerous condition r.ntil to-day.
Most of these are now out of danger.
Those who were most seriously ill were:
The San Francisco Call
Miss Love Daly, Miss Rose Daly, Mrs.
Read Henderson, Mrs. and Mrs. Clarence
Thorpe, Mrs. B. F. Rothrock. Read Hen
derson. Mrs. Margaret Henderson (mother
of Read Henderson). Mrs. C. W. Cheney,
Frank Scott, Edward Austin, Maggie
Austin, Cora Long, James O'Brien and
wife, Nellie Bondurant. It is now re
ported tnat all will recover.
♦
GREAT MILITARY MANEUVERS.
Eighty Thousand German Soldiers Engage
in Sham Encounters at
Goerlitz.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 10.— The mili
tary maneuvers were resumed at Goerlitz
to-day, both armies beginning to move at
6 o'clock in the morning. The right ,wing
of the Prussians pressed the Eighth Saxon
Division back upon Schaff berg, whereupon
the Thirty-second Saxon Division came to
tao aid of the Eighth Division and stayed
the advance of the Prussians.
In the meantime the right wing of the
Saxon troops drove a wedge into the Prus
sian Sixth Corps, while the extreme right
of the Saxons outflanked the Sixtn Corps
of Prussians, getting the latter under a
cross fire at Kopschuetz.
At this juncture the Emperor called a
halt, and the Sixth Prussian Corps then
re-formed and the operations were re
opened. At 11 o'clock in the forenoon the
Prussian Sixth Corps had driven back the
Saxons' left win • on the bases of the Jenk
witz and Kama. Eighty thousand men,
440 guns and 7000 horses were in action
along a line reaching several miles.
DEATH OF ACTOR LEWIS.
Few Members of the Theatrical
Profession Were More
Beloved
For Nearly Twenty Years He Ap
peared With Mrs. Gilbert in
Daly's Productions.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— James
Lewis, the well-known actor, died sud
denly at West Hampton, L. 1., this morn
ing from heart failure. The news of his
death was telephoned to his manager,
Augustin Daly, shortly before 9 o'clock
and within half an hour the news was
known all along the Rialto. Expressions
of regret were heard on every side, for
there are few members of the profession
who were more beloved.
Next to Mrs. Gilbert, who has just cele
brated her seventy-sixth birthday, Mr.
Lewis was the oldest member of the Daly
company. He was born in Troy, N. V.,
58 years ago, and lor a number of years
was engaged in mercantile work. His
adopting the stage as a profession was an
accident. A friend of his who was acting
in a small stock company feJl ill, and
Lewis at the last moment was persuaded to
bo on in his part. He made a hit, and was
so delighted with the stage that he took
to It permanently. In the annals of the
American stage Lewis' name will also be
indelibly associated in an artistic sense
with Mrs. Gilbert. For nearly twenty
years these two have been playing opposite
parts in the Daly productions, "Nancy and
Company," "A Night Off," "The Railroad
of Love," "The Taming of the Shrew,"
and a thousand and one other productions
which have seen the light at Daly's and
have been foreotten.
In London Lewis was, If anything, even
a greater lavonte than in New York.
Years ago when the Daly company was at
the zenith of its success, the London critics
used to refer to them affectionately as the
great four— Renan, Drew, Gilbert and
Lewis.
Pnrdoued by th<- Governor.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 10. — Robert
Beatty of Pittsburg. who was serving seven
years la the penitentiary jor complicity
witn Dempsey, the Knights of Labor
leader, in an alleged conspiracy to poison
non-union workmen in the Carnegie mills
during* the stride at Homestead in 1892,
left the penitentiary this morning, having
been pardoned by Governor Hastings.
Impnrtntioii of Mold.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— The
sieamer ColumDia, ieaving Europe this
week, will have $1,750,000 in gohl on hoar.l
consigned to Laz.ir < Freres, which will
make the total amount imported thus far
by this firm $9,600,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
Idle Laborer— "What's that, Mr. Bryan?''
COLLAPSE OF THE
MUTUAL NATIONAL
One More Bank at New
Orleans Compelled to
Suspend.
DUE TO HEAVY DRAINS.
Depositors Became Suspicions
and Made a Run That
Causes the Failure.
MORE MONEY COULD HOT BE HAD
Now All Clearing House Banks Will
Only Pay One Hundred Dollars
on Checks.
NEW ORLEANS. La., Sept. 10.— The
Mutual National Bank closed its doors
this morning. The effect of this suspen
sion has been discounted as it was well
known to be in a bad way. Shortly after
the American National Bank failed a run
was made on the Mutual and the collapse
of the bank at that time appeared inevit
able.
Luckily the rnn was started on Saturday
shortly before noon, and Saturdaj being a
le. al half holiday in New Orleans, fortune
was on the side of the pressed institution.
By Monday morning it had a chance to
recuperate. The clearing-house held a
meeting, and the other banks of the city,
fearing a panic, came to the rescue and
advanced money enough to meet all de
mands on Monday.
Large sums of money came here from
various sources, and the United
States sub-treasury was paying out the
sugar bounty as fast as possible. Before
noon of the day the run ceased and all
looked favorable.
The president states that a steady drain
has been made by depositors taking ont
their money. The unexpected failure of
the Union National Wednesday aroused
the suspicions of depositors and another
rush was made on the Mutual.
The clearing-house banks had advanced
the Mutual $100,000, a little more than
$17,000 of which had been repaid. Last
hiL-iit the Mutual tendered the clearing
house another lot of collaterals, and asked
for further assistance to the extent of $25,
-000. This the clearing-house refused, and
the suspension of the Mutual followed
thi- morning.
The president says: "The bank owes
depositors $92,993 72. which we have ample
assets to pay dollar for dollar."
President Baldwin of the clearinghouse
says:
"The officers of the bank foresaw what
was coming, and, as is customary in such
case?, called on the other banks to come
once more to their assistance. A bank in
distress is expected to hypothecate securi
ties that will justify other banks in lend
ing the assistance. The security offered
by the Mutual was not considered 'the
proper quality of paper to justify the
clearing-house in making the loan and
the ossistance was refused."
The bank was organized in 1871 with a
capital of $100.0:0. In January, 1895, the
Mutual absorbed the Traders' Bank and
most of the stockholders of the Traders'
Bank became interested in the Mutual.
At a meeting of the clearing-bouse the
financial situation was discussed and the
iollowing resolution was adopted:
Resolved. Tnat for the present the clearing
nous ■ banks shall not pay out o i checks more
than $100 to any one depositor in one day— all
other payments shall be made by certification
of checks, which shall be received upon de
posit by the clearing-house banks.
This step was necessary as a precaution.
Employers of labor will be supplied with
money to meet their payrolls. It was also
agreed to adopt a system of clearing
house certificates similar to tuat used in
New York during the crisis of 1893. The
savings banks also took steps to prevent a
run by posting the sixty-day rule.
There are no new developments in the
case of the Union National. President
Chalaron is bitterly criticized to-day for
bis precipitate action in closing the bank
without consulting the directors. He is
in seclusion and will see no one.
Bank Examiner Johnson, temporarily
in charge of tne Union Bank, was formerly
confidential bookkeeper and agent for A.
and V. Meyer, whose failure seriously at
fected the bank. This fact has caused
much comment. To-day another Bank
Examiner has been ordered to take his
place, a protest having been wired to
Comptroller Eckels against Mr. Johnson
continuing in charge.
SHOT IN THE CABANA FORTRESS.
Luis Martinez Put to Death by the
Spanish for AHegsd Rebellion and
Incendiarism.
HAVANA, Ccba, Sept. 10.— Luis Mar
tinez, one of the men who took part in
the expedition landed by the filibustering
vessel Three Friends, was shot in the Ca
bana fortress to-day, for the crime of re
bellion and incendiarism.
The rebels placed dynamite cartridges
on the railway tracks near Ramblazo, in
the Puerto Principe district.
The en. iue of a military train, when it
passed over the cartridge, caused an ex
plosion, which blew it from the track and
badly damaged the cars. The engineer,
conductor and two passengers, an officer
and a private were injured.
Four thousand troops arrived here from
Spain to-day. The steamer Alfonzo XII
will carry on her outward passage twelve
culprits, who have been sentenced to the
military prisons on the Ceuta and Saffarin
islands.
BATTLE OF LAKE ERIE.
Its Anniversary Observed by an
Interesting Celebration at
Cleveland.
One of the Participants a Daughter of
Ben Fl mingr, a Gunner on
the Lawrence.
CLEVELAND, Otiio, Sept. 10.— The
anniversary of the battle of Lake Erie
was a holiday for the city. The majority
of the shops and factories closed, and the
city put on a gala dress for the occasion.
Commodore Perry's monument in Wade
Park was covered with flags and flowers.
Great numbers of visitors from Northern
Ohio came to the city.
Governor Bushnell of Ohio presided at
the morning exercises. He suggested
that Congress or the State ought to ap
propriate money to erect a monument on
Put-in-Bay Island to the memory of the
men killed in the battle of Lake Erie. He
then introduced Governor Warren Lippitt
of Rhode Island, the orator of the day,
who delivered;* 7 stirring address.
Ex-Senator M. C. Butler of South Caro
lina, a nephew, and Oliver Hazard Perry
of Elmhurst, N. V., a grandson of the
commodore, were introduced and made re
marks.
One of the most interesting incidents
of the morning meeting was the intro
duction of Mrs. Elizabeth McPeteis. She
is a daughter or Ben Fleming, one of the
gunners on the Lawrence. She is now an
inmate of the City Infirmary. General
Axline sprang to his feet and moved that
steps be taken to take her from the insti
tution and give her a comfortable home.
L. E. Hclden promised that she would
be removed.
Rev. C. E. Manchester, a cousin of Com
modore Perry, delivered the closing
prayer.
An imposing civic and industrial parade
toole place this afternoon, the streets
through which the procession moved be
ing thronged with people.
The battle of Lake Erie was reproduced
on the lake front this evening, closing the
celebration. The display was a success
and witnessed by an immense crowd.
A Sllnht Etirttiqunke.
PADUCAH, Ky., Hept. 10.— A slight
earthquake shock was felt here at 6:28
o'clock this morning.
GRAND TOWER, 111., Bept. 10.— A
slight shock of earthquake was felt here
at 6:25 o'clock this morning. It came
from a northwesterly direction and lasted
thirty seconds.
PARIS IS SWEPT
BY A CYCLONE
Great Havoc at the French
Capital During the
Storm.
ANTICS OF THE WIND.
Several Persons Killed and the
Roofs of Big Buildings
Carried Away.
VEHICLES CRUSHED TO PIECES.
Many Pedestrians Are Caught Up and
Ruthlessly Hurled Into the
River Seine.
LONDON. Esq., Sept. 10.— A dispatch to
a news agency says that a cyclone from
the southwest passed over Paris at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon, doing much dam
age. A number of vehicles were blown
over and young trees torn up by the roots.
The window* of the Palace of Justice
were blown in, compelling a suspension of
GOVERNOR BUDD and Party "Watching the Launch Race for the Governor's Challenge Trophy.
the sittings of the courts. The rain fell
in torrents.
The Paris correspondent of the Tele
graph says that several persons were killed
in the storm. The roofs of the Tribunal
of Commerce and the Prefecture of Police
were torn off.
PARIS, Fbascb. Sept. 6.— Traffic in the
streets was stopped for two hours by a
seven* wind and rain storm that passed
over this city to-day. The wind blew
with hnriicane force ana the downpour of
rain was torrential. Much damage was
done and several persons were injured by
being struck by flying debris.
Two hours before the storm broke the
atmosphere gave indications of its coming.
It was dark ana sultry and tne clouds had
a peculiarly lowering appearance.
Among the buildings that stood in the
pathway of the cyclone was the Opera
Comique, V. c roof of which was blown in.
Most of the persons injured were cab
drivers.
A reporter of the Temps, who witnessed
the cyclone from the top of an omnibus,
says that it did not last more than a
minute. He suddenly saw what appeared
to be a tall pillar of smoke advancing, and
imagined that there was a large hre. But
almost immediately he saw the branches
of trees snapped off and countless chimney
pots hurled to the ground. Then the
storm immediately passed away. Those
on the omnibus were untouched.
The west end of the city wholly escaped
the fury of the storm, but eastward along
the river much destruction was caused.
Between the Pont St. Michael and Pont
Neuf forty large trees were torn out of the
ground and blown into the Seine. Many
persons who were crossing the bridges or
along the river front were caught up by
the wind and thrown into the river, but so
far as Known ali these were rescued. Some
of those in the path of the storm were
dashed against houses and injured. Many
cabs were literally blown to pieces, so vio
lent was the force of the wind.
MAY REMOVE THE SULTAN.
Rumors That the Powers Are Considering
the Question of Deposing the Ruler
Are Confirmed.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 10.— It is reported
that a private dispatch arrived here to
night from Constantinople confirming the
rumors that the powers are seriously con
sidering the question of deposing the Sul
tan. It is added 'that important develop
ments are expected from the probable ac
tion of the Sheikh-ul-Islam, whose fiat is
necessary for the legal removal of the
Caliph.
A few days ago Mr. Gladstone was re
quested to address a mass-meeting to be
held at Liverpool for the purpose of con
demning the Sultan of Turkey for permit
ting the massacres of Armenians. In reply
to the request, Mr. Gladstone has written
a letter in which be says: "My opinions
of the disgrace the European powers have
allowed him to bring upon them are well
known to my countrymen, but I do not
think that benefit would accrue from my
taking part in meetings, however valu
able and even obligatory such meetings
may be for those still engaged in the active
duties of public, life."
ATHENS, Geeeck. Sept. 10. — In conse
quence of the receipt of a peremptory
British note, the Sultan of Turkey has is
sued an irade ordering that the expulsion
of Armenians from Constantinople be
stopped.
John Young Brown's Mishap.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Sept. 10.—Ex-Gov
ernor John Young Brown, while trying to
board a Fourth-avenue streetcar at the
Louisville Southern crossing early to
night, slipped and fell to the ground,
breaking his right leg, right arm and
collarbone. His condition is critical.
.Five fextels Wrecked.
PROVIDENCE. R. L, Sept. 10.— Five
vessels were wrecked at Point Judith dur
ing the storm yesterday and last night,
but it is believed that all hands were
saved. The wind at one time reached a
velocity of eighty miles an hour at Point
Judith.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NATIVE SONS
LEAVE STOCKTON
End of the Admission Day
Festivities at the Mill
City.
TROPHY LAUNCH RACE.
The Camanche Wins the Cup
Offered by California's
Governor.
PECULIAR TIME ALLOWANCE.
Difficult Exp'inations That Must Be
Made by Marine Computer
Har tin .in-
BTOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 10.— Stockton
is playing a thinking part to-night. It is
a real pleasure too, for it is the first oc
casion this week on which the residents of
the Mill City have had either the time or
inclination to do so. The visiting Native
Sons and Daughters have gone, their ac
companying friends have vanished, the
blare of bands is no longer heard in the
street; the marchers, the holiday enthu
siasm, the crowds, are missing; nothtng
of the Ailmission day festivities are left to
Stockton's people but the memory and
the decorations. The flags, the streamers,
the bunting, float gayly in the breeze; the
red and blue and white and yellow lights
blink owl-like in the darkness, and the
lonesome resident waiks the street, his
hands deep in his trousers pockets — and
thinks.
He thinks that he would that there
were 365 Admission days per year and
that they were all celebrated in
Stockton. ,To-morrow he will resume his
usual idea— that his town is the gateway
to the San Joaquin Valley, and that it is
time to go back to work.
After the carnival last night the crowds
of visitors began to depart. At 2 o'clock
this morning two trainioads of Natives
started for San Francisco and a little
later the boats left for the same place.
The Sacramento delegation departed early
this morning and at 12:10 and 3:40 o'clock
this afternoon the last of the Bay City vis
itors journeyed homeward.
The final number on the programme of
the entertainment committee was carried
out this morning. It was the race for the
Governor's cup, Governor Budd having of
fered a challenge trophy to be raced fo r
annually by launches. The executive and
his party were present to see the event.
But six aspirants showed up at the ap
pointed time, two of which, because of
their small size, seemed to have no chance.
It was agreed that the launches should
be brought as near together as possible by
arranging a time allowance. The length
over all of each contestant was measured,
and the Dirigo, the longest, was made to
allow each of her shorter competitors
fifteen seconds per mile for each foot she
out measured them; that is, as the course
was over a distance of four and a half
miles, each boat larger than another al
lowed the shorter one 67>£ seconds a foot.
Few spectators were present when the
boats lined up for the race, which was run
in two heats. The Dirigo finished first in
the initial trial, her actual time being 30
mm. 55 sec. Favorita was second in 32:33
and the Naval Re.-erve launch Camanche
third in 33:04. In the second heat Nor2
wood finished first in 35:11, Se Da second
in 41:57 and Cuckoo third in 42:07. The
corrected time was: Camanche, 29:34;
Dirigo, 30:55; Favorita. 30:55^; Norwood,
34:37; Seba, 34:57; Cnckoo, 36:07.
The Camanche therefore won by almost
a minute, with the Dirigo, which is
really much tbe fastest boat of the lot,
second, but a fraction of & second before
the Favorita.
Ferris Hartman, whose vast knowledge
of yachts and yachting acquired during
his residence in Sausalito appalled the
Stockton boatmen, was appointed com
puter of the official time. He is still try
ing to explain to the Dirigo's owner bow
he made that boat allow the Camanche
two minutes and nine seconds on a four
and a half-mile course at the rate of fifteen
seconds per mile for each foot tbe Dirigo
is longer than the Camanche when the
latter craft sanded the track and carried
real sailors in uniform and finished third,
while the Dirigo was first. The amiable
comedian will probably bave to hire an
accountant to get bis books straight.
Lynn, a member of the Stockton Ath
letic Association, won the junior shell
race postponed from yesterday. Foley, his
only competitor, did not finish.
ONE GJiAA FREEDOM.
Jiesperate Break of 3u>o Murderers Front
a Penitentiary.
LEAVENWORTH, Kaks , Sept. 10.—
William Blaylock and Charles Pond, mur
derers, made a desperate attempt to es
cape from the Kansas penitentiary yester
day. During the noon hour they climbed
out of tbe prison coal shaft, 720 feet deep,
by using the brace scantlings, which are
three feet apart and in tho form of a
ladder. Tne scantlings were wet and
slippery, and the prison officials and
miners never believed such a feat to be
possible. While coming up the coal
cages passed, and the prisoners saved
tbemselves by getting on the air-*hait
side.
On gaining the outside of the prison
wall the tower guards saw them, called on
them to halt and opened fire on tiiem
when they refused. Eight shots were
fared and each man was hit twice and fell
each time. Pond arose tbe third time and
managed to gain tbe woods. He is still at
large. BlaylocK was shot through the left
thigh and the abdomen and is totally
wounded. Blaylock and his brother Jona
than were train-robbers, and in May, 1888,
shot and instantly Killed City Marshal
David Gordon of Columbus, Kans. They
were captured after a hard tight and sen
tenced for life.
Charles Pond is under sentence of death
for murdering his wife at Galena in May,
1891. He was about to oe pardoned, the
State Board naving completed a favorable
investigation of his case.
FATALITY IN A FAMILY
Series of Shootings Followed by
the Mysterious Wounding
of a Wife.
William Eecatur Hale and His Spouse
Found Locked in a Mortal
Embrace.
CAMDEN, N. J., Sept. 10.— The strange
fatality that overhangs the Peak family
was shown last night when William
Decatur Hale, who six months ago mar
ried Minnie Peak, shot her and then him
self. The wife may die.
Barclay Peak, Minnie'B brother, lOyears
old, shot and killed his cousin Mary and
is now serving a twenty years' sentence.
Annie Peak, Minnie's sister, was mur
dered three years ago by her common law
husband, Wesley Warner, who was
hanged.
Hale ye?terday, although ont of work,
pure ased a revolver and, he says, a vio
lin. He and his wife had supper and
drank a kettle of beer. Both say that he
took tbe revolver apart and was putting it
together again when it was discharged.
The wife was sitting opposite to him at
the table ami the bullet struck her and
went through a lung. He then put the
pistol tD liis own head and fired. A neigh
bor broke in and found Hale with his
head bleeding and his wife in his arras
moaning.
"Minnie, darling, I didn't mean to shoot
you," he was saying.
"No, Will, I know you did not," the
wife gasped and lapsed into unconscious
ness.
Both were then taken to the Cooper Hos
pital, where she revived long enough to
make an ante-morteru statement. No sat
isfactory explanation has been made to
the police as to who bought the revolver.
Hale uj) to last Monday was employed as
a bat'gage porter by the West Jer-ev and
Seashore Railroad. He was then laid off,
with fifty others, on account of the end oi
the summer. He had no prospects of
work and the house contains only a couple
of chairs and a table. There is betiding
on trie floor but no bed. Why he should
hay« spent his last money for a revolver
and violin is not understood. He is under
police surveillance at the hospital.
BYCYCLES IN THE MOUNTAINS.
Practicability of the Wheel for Military
Purposes Prorea.
HELENA, Mont., 10. — The
Twenty-fiith Infantry bicycle corps, com
manded by Lieutenant Moss, hes reached
Helena from Fort Yellowstone. The dis
tance between the two posts was covered
in twenty-seven hours. Lieutenant Moss
and his men left Fort Missoula twenty
two days ago, and have covered 1100 miles
in mountainous country. It is the first
Rockies, througn tbe National Part. The
object of the trip was to test the bicycle in
mountainous country. It is the first prac
tical test of the wheel for military purposes
ever made. On that account the trip has
ranch significance, and has been waicneu
with interest by men in the army.
The trip has proved the entire practica
bility of the bicycle for military purposes
over such roads as are usually found in a
mountainous country. Lieutenant Moss
said:
"This is the first real test ever made
with tiie bicycle as a machine for military
purposes. Oa several occasions one officer
and one or two privates have made runs
to see how fast they could go. Those were
tests of rapidity; oars is a test of durabil
ity. The party was not made up of expert
bicyclists, who are scorching the country,
but of eight ordinary riders selected from
the soldiers at Fort Missoula. We Lave
made and broken camp in the race; rid
den through mud, sand, dust and water,
over rocks, ruts and stones, crossed moun
tain ranges, forded streams, stopped for
nothing, carried rations, cooking utensils,
rifles, ammunition — thirty pounds to every
man — blankets, tents, underwear, extra
tires and parts; in fact, all the baggage
needed."
Arrett of a Hanker.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Sept. It).— President
J. D. Sbahan of the aefunct Commercial
State Bank of Champion, Chase County,
has been arrested upon a warrant charg
ing him with having received deposits as
president of the bank when the bank was
insolvent. The complaint was signed by
E. D. Sutton, County Treasurer, the county
having about $1500 deposited in the bank
when it closed its doors in May, 1894. The
County Judge to-day bound Bhahan over
to the District Court
LIVELY TIMES AT
A CONVENTION
Democrats cf Pennsylvania
Are Not in Perfect
Harmony.
TWO CAUSES OF DISCORD
One a Protest Against Resolu
tions and the O.her an At
tack en Harrity.
BUT BRYANI3M IS INDORSED.
Vacancies on the Ticket Caused by
the Resignation o! Candidates
Are Filird
HARRISBURG, Pa., Bept. 10. — The
Democratic State Convention this morn
ing reconvened with the purpose of filling
tbe vacancies on the ticket caused by the
resignation of tbe candidates since the
adoption of the CDicago platform. Chair
man Keenan, in a ringing speech, de
nounced the gold Democratic movement.
When the convention assembled this
afternoon the temporary organization was
made permanent. Tue resolutions reported
a platform indorsing Bryan and bewail;
accepting and heartily indorsing the
Chicago platform, "particularly tiiat plank
in favor of free coinage." and affirming a
belief that tbe election of Bryan will em
phasize the fact that "a Government of
the people, by the people and for the
people sball not perish from the earth."
Robert F. James started to read a pro
test against the resolutions. It was
framed by the gold Democrats. Mr. James
had spoken but a few words when there
were loud cries of "Shut him off," "He's a
friend of McKinley," and like remarks.
The delegates were soon in a turmoil and
Permanent Chairman Koenan and State
Chairman Gorman tried in vain for ten
minutes to restore order. Throughout
the disorder Mr. James stood unmoved.
Finally the delegates became partially
quiet and Mr. Jnnies proceeded.
When he had spoken a few words, how
ever, the delegates again broke out. Mr.
James did not cease, but his voice could
not be beard.
The convention cheered for Bryan while
Mr. James was talking and the scene was
one of wild disorder.
D. C. Dewitt of Towanda appealed to
the delegates to hear Mr. James, and then
the convention, upon motion of Magis
trate Hughes of Philadelphia, decided that
all speeches pertaining to the platform be
limned to fire minutes.
Mr. James again proceeded, and he was
given some attention. The document,
which is a lengthy one, speaks for '-those
members of the AUentown convention,con
stituting a large proportion of that body,
who refuse to surrender Democra tic'prin
cinles or to accept the substituted hereves
of Populism." It denies the right of this
convention to change a line of the "sound
Democratic doctrine proclaimed at Allen
town by the authorized convention of our
party," and protests against "the unlaw
ful organization of this body in violation
of party rules' 1 and its arbitrary action
in unseatine lawful delegates for "the
offense of fidelity to Democratic princi
ples." The declarations of the Chicago
convention are dec:areJ to be "unpatri
otic, vicious and un-Democratic. "
The protest was signed by a committee
of twenty gold Democrats. Thomas F.
Eraraens, also of Northampton, then ad
dressed the convention and declared that
Mr. James d'd not reprpsent the Democ
racy of that county. Judge Dewitt also
criticized Mr. Janr s' remarks.
The majority resolutions were then
adopted by a vote intermingled witti
cheers.
Ex-Congressman W. H. Sowden of Al
entown next offered a resolution to oust
.Mr. Harrity as the Pennsylvania National
committeeman.
The introduction of this resolution cre
ated another exciting scene. An aye and
noe vote was finally taken, which resulted
in 171 ayes and IC7 noes, and the resolu
tion was tabled and thus killed.
The report of the committee which con
ferred with the People's party on the
question of fusion, and which recom
mended the acceptance of the Populists'
offer, was read by Judge Dewitt and
adopted.
The nominations made are as follows:
Judye D. C. Dewitt of Bradford County
and J. T. Ailman of Juniata County, Con
gressmen at large, to succeed Ben C. Potts
of Media and John M. braden of Wash
ington, resigned ; Thomas Sterrell of Erie,
Louis N. Ireland of Allegheny and Thomas
G. Delehanty of Philadelphia for electors
at large, to succeed Jamas Denton Han
cock of Franklin, G. W. Guthrie ot Pitta
burg and W. M. Singerly of Philadelphia,
resigned.
The" vacancies caused by the resigna
tions of a number of district electors were
also filled.
JOHJ*soy>s WILD CLAIMS.
Says That the Hn/an Sentttnent Is
Rapidly Spreading.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 10. —J. G.
Johnson of Kansas, a member of the
Democratic National Executive Com
mittee, returned to Chicago to-day from a
two weeks' tour through Minnesota, the
Dakotas, Nebraska, Colorado, Utah, Kan
sas and other Western States. He said :
"Minnesota will go for Bryan beyond
doubt. Even tbe leading Republicans of
that State privately concede the election
of Mr. Liud, the silver fusion candidate
for Governor. From all thai I could learn
Mr. Bryan will not run behind the State
ticket, and I am confident he will carry
the State by a good majority. Tbe Demo
crats, Populists and Silver Republicans
ar« thoroughly united and are working
with a will."
Mr. Johnson added that the Bryan sen
timent in the Dakotas, Nebraska, Utah
and Colorado was so strong that it was
only a question of majorities. He made
the sweeping assertion that the Democrats
would carry every Western State by over
whelming majorities and Kansas would
give not less than 20.000 majority for
Bryan. Mr. Johnson will remain at head
quarters lor the remainder of the cam
paign.
Chairman Campau of tbe campaign
committee said the private advices which
he had received from Michipan indicated
the free silver tide was rising in that
State at a tremendous rate and pointed to
a big majority for Bryan. In Gratiot
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
County, which had a normal Republican
majority of 2000. a poll just completed
has shown that Bryan will carry it by
1200 majority. Mr. Campau said the Pop
ulists and Prohibitionists were solid for
Bryan, while 000 Eebublicans in that
county were actively supporting the
fusion ticket. He counted Michigan safe
for Bryan.
A letter from John S. Bronk, chairman
of the Democratic county committee of
Rochester, N. V., states the siiver senti
ment among the farmers and workinßmen
in that part of the State is simply amaz
ing. He adds: "In one township thirty
representative men of this county who
were formerly Republicans will vote for
Bryan, while in the adjoining townships
the silver Republicans are still more nu
merous."
A German department has been added
to the headquarters, Felix Senff, a local
German newspaperman, being placed in
charge. Clubs are being organized in
Chicago and throughout the West by
Theodore Ge^tefeldt, a former Repub
lican and ex-City Clerk.
CLERNS CALL ON BRYAN.
Post office Employes Greet the Boy Orator
of the Platte.
LINCOLN, Nkbb., Sept. 10.— -A party of
twenty-four postotfice clerks, delegates to
the National Convention of th' ir associa
tion, beard a little speech from Mr. Bryan
to-day at the Rock Island station. They
were on their way to Denver, where the
convention is to be held, and had tele
graphed to J. H Harley, the Postmaster
at Lincoln, requesting him to secure the
presence of Mr. Bryan when their train
arrived at 3:35 o'clock. The clerks, twen
ty-four in number, cheered Mr. Bryan
when the train came in, and James Q.
Maloney, secretary of the civil service
board and superintendent of the postoffice
registry department at bpringfield, M:<ss.,
made a fe* remarks, greeting Mr. Bryan
in behalf of the National Association of
Postoffice Clerks as the true representa
tive of Americanism.
"You are regarded by the members of
that association," he said, "as tbe man of
America who stands for America and
American institutions, and we greet you
in behalf of the members of this associa
tion of Massachusetts, New Jersey, New
York, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Ohio, In
diana and Illinois and other States, and we
believe that from the cedars of Nebraska
to the bending pines of Maine in the
contest for- the supremacy of Ameiican
citizens you, sir, will surely win. [Cheers.]
As American citizens, representing no
par y, but with love for America, we
promise you our support."
Mr. Bryan, in reply, said: "lam very
glad to meet you, gentlemen. I only re
ceived notice of your ooming a few mo
ments ago, but I am glad to greet you as
repiesentatives of an occupation ttiat re
quires so high an order of intelligence and
so larce a decree of fidelity. 1 meet you
in an entirely unpartisan manner and ac
cept your kind words in tho spirit in
wnich they were tendered."
DIVIDING THE OFFICES.
Plan of Ftttion by Anrth Carolina Popu
lists and Rrpubhcnnt.
RALEIGH, N. C, Sept. 10.— The Popu
list and Republican State Committees.after
an hour's conference and work through
sub-committees, adopted the following:
The People's Party State Executive Commit
tee and Keimb.ican State Executive Commit
tee, in behalf of their respective parties, affirm
their devotion and fixed determination to sup
port and maintain a free ballot and lair count
in all elections held in North Carolina and
pledge themselves to the policy of upholding
Ihe pt-ople in free and honest elections, arrived
at and provided for by election laws enacted
by the L'-gislnture of 1895, and for the purpose
oi maintaining the act ot the last Legislature
restoring the right of local self-government,
enter :nm the following terms of co-operation:
First — To equably co-operate to secure toe
election of members of the Legislature pledged
t<> these reforms, with co-operation on county
offices.
Second— That the Republicans concede to
the PopuliM cnndid«tes for Congress in the
following districts: Thtrd, Fourth, Sixth and
Seventh, and the Populists reserve the right to
name CHmlidateti In the Second, Fifth and
Ninth, the First and Eighth D;siricu having
made satisfactory adjustment through their
respective Congies=ional committees.
Third — That the Republicans support thi*
nominees of the People's party for bc-cretary
of State, Treasurer, Superintendent of Public
Instruction and Associate Justice; that the
Populi.-ts support the nominees of the Repub
lican party for Attorney-General, A»sociaie
Justice and Judge of the Superior Court in the
Fifth District.
Fourth— Tne good offices of our respective
committees are pledged to accomplish the re
sults aimed at in this agreement, y
FUSION IN COLORADO.
Committees Frnm Four Parties Spend a
I>au in Conference.
DENVER, Colo.. Sept 10.— Th* Siiver
Republican convention completed its
labors to-day by naming a full State ticket
and appointing a conference committee
with full power to dispose of the candi
dates upon a fusion ticket.
The fusion conference of committees
from the four parties has been in session
all day, but nothing has been done. A test
vote on Governor failed to secure a major
ity of the conference for any candidate
though a tie vote was recorded for Adams
(Dem.). The delay hinges on the guberna
torial nomination. The conventions have
all indorsed tbe Bryan and Sewull electors
nominated by the Democrats, makiiiir the
fusion absolutely certain, but a failure to
set up a fusion State ticket will be the
probable outcome of the conference to-day.
Tne ticket named by the silver Republi
cans is as follows: For Governor, J. L.
Brush of Greeley; for Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, Simon Guegenheiru of Denver; for
Secretary of State, Harry £. Mulnix of
Trinidad; for State Treasurer, G. W. Kep
nart of Durango; for State Auditor. John
W. Lowell cf Routt County; for Attorney
General, Byron L. Carr of Boulder; for
Superintendent of Public Instruction, M.
Marble of Denver; for Regents of State
University. W. J. Orange of Silver Cliff
and D. E. Ulobengier of Denver.
The silver party has not yet named a
State ticket ana the Populists in Pueblo
■re awaiting the result of the fusion con
fer*, nee.
TOM WATSON TALKS.
Slakes an Appeal to Populists, and /»»
f/xual Uoant.t Seivall.
ERIE, Kanb., SoDt. 10.— Thomas E.Wat,
son, Vice-Presidential candidate, spoke
here to-day to an audience of 2000 people.
He began by reviewing the history of the
People's party from its inception," saying
that the West and South, the great agri
cultural sectious of the country, had
joined hands in the great work of securing
the rights of the people. Then he made
an appeal to voters to stand by the Popu
list party until the corporations had ail
been downed. Referring to Sewall'g can
didacy he was exceedingly bitter, saying:
"I will come off the ticket when my boy
gets out and makes speeches against me,
as Sewall's boy is making speeches against
him. A man who c&nnot carry his own
family carries no political strengtn. Our
people would not consent to my coming
off the ticket. I say that lam not here to
be run off the ticket. 1 would not take an
electoral vote that should not be given to
Bryan, too."
He concluded by saying that come weal
or come woe, he was for William J. Bryan,
and ttiat four years hence he would be
found as now— fighting for the People's
party and its integrity. He left the city
for lola, Kans., where he Bjpeaks to
morrow.
Wisconsin Gold Itemoerats.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 10.— The
State Central Committee of the Gold Dem
ocrats decided at a secret meeting to-night
not to put a State ticket in the field. Com
mitteeman Smead informed the commit
tee that General Bragg will not run lor
Governor, as he did not feel equal to an
extended campaign. Senator Vilas, who
arrivetl here to-day, declared in favor of a
State ticket, but uion hearing from eacn
Congressional district the committee de
ciaeu not to place a ticket in the Held.
TOM REED CLOSES
MAINE'S CAMPAIGN
Makes a Telling Argument
on the Question of
Currency.
PROSPERITY IN THE PAST
Due to Sound Money Worth One
Hundred Cents on the
Dollar.
LESSONS OF THE GREENBACKS.
Great Temptation to Flood the Conn
try With a Harmful Circulation
Withstood.
PORTLAND, "feu, Sept. 10. — Hon.
Thomas B. Heed closed the campaign
nere at an immense meeting at tbe City
Hall to-night. Mr. Reed's voice was in
excellent form, and he held the audience
interested until the close of his speech.
In discussing the currency question he
said:
"I remember another time when I was
before an audience like this In this place
We had gon» on in our career of pros
perity from 1868 to 1873; enterprises had
been spread all over the country; more
miles of railroad had been built every year
than were ever built all the world over
since the beginning of time. We out
stripped our own pace, and in 1873 there
came a crash.
"Then we attempted to get out of our
trouble, and it was a very serious trouble,
Decause we had a currency that had its
fouidation in the faith of the people in
the payment by the Government some
time or other.
We had every temptation then to
listen to the men who .-aid to us 'lssue
more greenbacks, let us have larger cur
rency and then we will go forward.' The
temptation was great. We were suffering
from the slow depreciation which resulted
from lifting greenbacks from 60 cents on
a dollar to 100 cents on a dollar. It would
have been a great blessing to some oi us
who were carrying debts at the time if this
could have been an issue, and a great com
fort to some of us, but we resisted the
temptation.
"We said, 'When the United States says
this is a dollar and they are big enough to
make it a dollar, just that moment it
ought to be a dollar, and sball be.' And
what was our reward? It was fourteen
years of the most mad prosperity that the
sun ever shone upon.
"From 1879 to 1892 the United States
was great in wealth, dignity and honor.
I say to you that if ever a nation could see
from its own experience that it pays to be
hones: it is the United States of America.
The experience of the world has proven to
us beyond peradveiUure ihat the attempt
to issue government money every time a
speculative period has set in and burst
means destruction and ruin out of which
there is no way except bankruptcy. Now
we have got to learn that it is not wise to
lower the currency one-half in order to
eke out a speculation. I tnink we shall
.earn it. 1 '
An Adrtrrns by Powrftrrly.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— A mass
meeting was neld in Cooper Union to
night under the auspices of the McKinley
League. Terence V. Powderly, late master
workman ot the Knights of Labor, and
ex-Senator Warner Miller, were chief
speakers.
The meeting was planned for wage
earners and a very large audience was
present. Mr. Powderly made an earnest
address for "honest currency" ana a high
protective tariff.
Trxa* Hepublicnnt.
10RT WORTH, Tex., Sept. 10.— The
Republican State Convention reassembled
tnis morning. Credential contests were
satisfactorially adjusted. The resolutions
committee recommended the appointment
of a plenary committee to confer with
similar committees appointed by the gold
Democrats and Populists, looking to fu
.-ion on Presidential electors, also Con
gressmen irom the various districts. Hon.
H. B. Kaine of Palestine was elected per
manent chairman. He is a strong Me*
Kiuley man.
Montana hepxtblictnn.
HELKNA, Most., Sept. 10.— The Re
publican Sate convention nominated the
(oliowina: Governor, A. C. Bolkin; Lieu-
tenant-Governor, P. R. Dolman ; Secretary
of State, L. Rotwitt; Treasurer, C. M.
Webster; Auditor, A. L. Love; Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, J. B. Hen
dricks; Associate Justice Supreme Court,
P. H. Groubb.
The resolutions indorse the Bt. Louis
platform, save as to tbe financial plank.
Weaver Had Control.
DES MOINES, lowa, Sept 10.— The
Populist convention, with 300 delegates
from all districts, to-day unanimously in
dorsed the fusion ticket named by the
Democrats at Ottumwa a month ago.
General J. B. Weaver had control of the
convention, and there was not a particle
of objection or contention. The platform
indorses Bryan and Pewall.
For Lieutenant-Governor.
RALEIGH, N. C, Sept. 10.— The Re
publican State Committee to-day nomi
nated for Lieutenant-Governor Charles
Reynolds of Winston in place of O. H.
Dockery (Pop.), whom it had indorsed
August 15.
The Typothetce of America.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Sept. 10.— The
United Typothetss of America ended its
labors this noon and adjourned sine die.
The officers elected are : President, J. H.
Bruce of Nashville; vice-presidents —
Thomas Todd of Boston, George E.
Matthews of Buffalo. George M. Courts of
Galveston, C. W. Hornick of Ht. Paul, F.
W. Baitesof Portland (Or.), R. G. Mc-
Lean of Toronto; executive committee —
Joseph Little of New York, chairman; J.
R. Jones of Philadelphia, P. D. Brown of
St. Paul, William Johnston of Chicago,
George H. Ellis of Boston, E. B. Wood
ward of St. Louis, C. O. Bassett of Cleve
land; secretary, Thomas Knapp of Chi
cago; treasurer, W. B. Carpenter ol Cin
cinnati.
« ' rnxrd by a Baseball.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Sept. 10.—
George Painter, second baseman of the
Mobile Southern League team, was taken
to the insane asylum at Tuscaloosa yes
terday a raving maniac. In a game here
several weeks ai*o Painter, who was ba
ting, was struck in the temple by a twift
ball and the effects of the blow were sucn
that be has gradually developed into an
incurable maniac
FIERCE TROPICAL CYCLONE.
Sweeps Over the Entire New England
Coast— Great Destruction of Prop
erty la Reported.
NEW YORK, ]S. V., Sept. 10.— A fierce
tropical cyclone swept down last night on
the east At'antic coast, spreading ruin in
its Wi.ke. It passed north of the Bahamas
on Monday, and stole stealthily along the
Gulf stream Tuesday, but did not make
itself felt along the ccast until to-day.
To-nigbt tembie surfs are beating down
on Long Island and Southern and Western
New England, with the center ol disturb
ance off Nantucket.
The entire New England coast from
East port to Block Island is affected, wbile
the surf, aided by one of the highest tides
of the year, is threatening destruction to
hundreds of seashore cottages and ether
property along the water fronts.
The storm did great damage at Rock
away Beach. Bathinc-housee were torn
from 'heir piles and smashed to tirewood
by the waves that ran mountain bigh.
Tbe wind and waves threatened to destroy
half the places along the ocean front.
Repoats from all tbe towns along the
Lonu Island seashore tell of damage done
by ihe cycJone. It is the same story every
where — boats smashed on the beach or
sent acinit, bathing-houses destroyed and
damage to the hotels that face the ocean.
The torpedo boats Cushing and Stiletto
were both aground near the torpedo sta
tion at Newport, R. 1., to-day. The wind
along the Rhode Island coast' is blowing a
gale and the sea is tremendous.
Pacific Coaxt Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept 10.—Wil
liam E. Walsh has been promoted from a
clerk at $1000 to one at $1200 and Miss
Amelia C. Rodriguez from $840 to $1000
and Miss Dot C. McKennau from $600 to
$720, ali at the pension agency at Sau
Francisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Frederick Mo«nne
ghriin, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles;
Patrick Landers, Redding; John 8. Ray,
Beaumont; Michael Hoggarty, San Frun
cisco; Ulysses A. Bast, Bridgeville. Orig
inal widows, etc. : Catnerine Roberts, Oak
land; Helen M. Cutter, San Jose.
Oregon — Original: Thomas Hines,
Kerby.
Washington— Additional: George Hyde,
Camas. Original widows, etc. : Rachel M.
Van Eaton, Rochester; Maggie E. Mer
win, North Yagima.
MADE A WORLD'S RECORD
Fastest Mile Ever Paced in a
Race Negotiated by John
R. Gentry.
He Beat Star Pointer Only a Few
Inches for a $5000 Parse
in 2:01 1-2
GLENS FALLS, N. V., Sept. 10. — A
perfect day and last track drew a crowd oi
8000 persons to tbe racecourse to-day.
The event of the card was the match race
between John R. Gentry and Star
Pointer. The race from start to finish
was of the closest an 1 most exciting sort,
and when after the second heat, which
Gentry won by a short head, the time,
2:01%, was marked up and it was realized
that the world's record was broken, the
spectators madly cheered the king of
pacer 3 and his driver, Andrews.
Before the first beat betting was two to
five against Gentry. They got away from
the second score, Star Poinier at the pole.
He led to the homestretch, when Gentry
slowly forged ahead, inch by inch, and
won the fiist heat by a nose. Time by
quarters. 31^-1:03^—1:35—2:03^.
In the second neat the excitement cul
minated. The horses got away on the first
score and went around the tracit neck and
neck, with the precision of machines,
neither gaining nor losing, in the breath
less s lence of the crowd. Just before
reaching the wife Gentry made another
macnifioent spurt and won by a neck,
amid wild enthusiasm. The time by quar
ters was: :31, 1:02, 1:32, 2:01%, the" last
eighth being the fastest ever paced.
The announcement wan received with
renewed cheers by the crowd, which was
beside itself with enthusiasm.
The victory was no less a credit to Star
Pointer, who gained on his previous rec
ord more than did Gentry. The climax
was over with this heat. The horses were
tired, and the race seemed, by tacit agree
ment, to belong to Gentry, who won the
third easily by a length. Time, 2:05%.
. Andrews drove Gentry and Clary ban
died the reins over Star Pointer. Tne race
was for a $5000 purse, and the Breeders'
Association of this place offered $500 extra
if the world's record was broken.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. Results: Six fur
longs, Tommy Rutter won, Fredonla second
Valet third. Time, 1 :15%.
Six furlongs, Charlie Rieff won, Milford
second, Lady Britannic third. Time, 1 :18}<.
Five iurlongs. Don't Skip Me won, Tenole
second, Aioka third. Time, l:02K. /,
One mile and seventy yards, Leader Ban won,
Sweet Favordale second, Logan third. Time,
1:45%. ,-: v-:
Seven furlongs. J. A. Grey won, Fasig second,
Hessen third. Time, 1 :28%. .
Six furlongs, Fannie Kowena won, Susie F
second. Gold Corn third. Time, 1:143.'
CONEY ISLAND, K. V.. Sept. 10.— Results:
Five and a half furlongs, Casseopia won, Do
lando second, Tragedian third. Time, 1:09.
One mile, Golf won, Beiieport second. Fern
seed third. Time, 1:45.
Five furlongs, The Friar won, Princess
Flavia second, S&lsnak third. Time, l:02U.
Six furlongs, Tom Cromwell won, Zanone
second, Roundsman third. Time, 1:15^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Buckwa won. Captive
second, Sir Francis third. Time, l:49i^.
Five and a half furlongs, Nana II won. Sui
sun second, Ludwigshaff third. Time, 1:09.
Trotting Races at Berlin.
BERLIN, Gkbmant. Sept. 10.— In the
trotting races to-day the Abscheilds prize
of 1600 marks, 3200 meters, was won by
Kron Prinz, Max second and Babelsburg
third.
The international handicap of 2000
marks, 3200 meters, was won by Henri
etta, Henrio second. Bellwood third.
The Petersburg prize of 1600 marts, 2400
metres, was won by Bellwood, May Naudy
second and Midepah third.
The Consolidation handicap of 1200
marks was won by Miss Trouble, Syringe
second, Baldur third.
The Autumn handicap of 1600 marks,
2600 meters, was won by Lohrengnu, Cid
second and Spruce wood third.
To Set Ire Henry of Xavarre.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— It was
stated to-day that Mr. Belmont had de
cided to retire Henry of Navarre, ore of
the gamest and best racers that ever faced
a starter, and that he will not start anain
in a race. Shortly after winning the Sub
urban a splint developed in one of the legs
of the racer, and he was to a veteri
nary surgeon to be treated for the ailment.
The. treatment has not been successful,
and though the Lorse has been worked
some since that time he has not acted as
if he could be relied upon for a ham race.
Grig Wins the Portland Plate.
LONDON, Eng., Bept. 10.— At the Don
caster summer meeting to-day the race for
the Portland plate of 600 sovereigns, five
furlongs, was won by Grig, Croker's
Americus second and Pulaverer third.
The betting before the start was 11 to 1
aettioal Gri /, 4 to 1 against Americus and
17 to 1 against Palaverer.
IN THE REALM
OF THE MIKADO.
Considerable Difficulty in
Finding a Minister of
Foreign Affairs.
A POLITICAL DEADLOCK.
New Link Between Russia and
China Formed by Steamers
to Shanghai.
WRECK OF THE GUNBOAT ILTIS
The Disaster Not Due to the Incapa-
City of Engines, but Through
Striking a Rock.
TOKIO, Japan, Aug. 26.— A political
deadlock has occurred in Japan owing to
the difficulty of finding a Minister of For
eign Affairs without dislocating party ar-
rangements. The only three statesmen of
proved ability for this post are Counts
Mutsu, Inouye and Okuma. Count Mutsu
has just returned from Hawaii, whither
he went to recruit his health. He is
suffering from pneumonia, and bis phy
sicians assert that if he takes a year's rest
in a mild climate he will recover com
pletely, whereas, if he .remains in office
he cannot live more than a few niontns.
Count Inouye resolutely refuses to accept
the portfolio, and there remains only
Count Okuma, a man oi universally recog
nized competence, but so strongly allied
with the extreme wing of tbe opposition
that his entry into the Cabinet would put
an end to the alliance now existing be
tween the latter and the Liberal party, by
whose support the Government was able
to carry their measures through the Diet
last session.
The Department of FinanceJ also greatly
needs an abler statesman than its present
chief. The man pre-eminently ntted for
that post is Count Matsukata, but he will
not come into office unless he has Count
Okuma'a assistance in foreign affairs.
Hence the situation virtually resolves it
self into the transfer of administrative
power to the opposition, which appar
ently involves the old dilemma, a Cabinet
without a majority in the Diet. The Jap
anese, how ever.are past masters in the art
of compromise. It is quite possible that
some easy exit may yet be found from the
dilemma.
A new link between Russia and China
has been forced by the arrangement that
the steamers of the Russian volunteer
fl et, rlying between Odessa and Vladi
vostock, shall henceforth call at Shanghai.
There are twelve of these steamers, and,
excluding tue Habarousk. a vessel of only
2500 tons, they range from 7876 to 10,500
ton?, their speed varying from 13 to 19
knots.
The constant passage of such vessels to
and fro between European Russia and her
most extreme post in tbe far .East suggests
the ease with which she could gradually
muster a strong military force at Vladivo
stock, were she so disposed. At the same
time, experts are well aware that Russia's
naval strength in the Orient is greatly
overestimated by the general public. She
has, it is true, a squadron, powerful In
number of ships, displacement and weight
of armor and armament. But among all
her cruisers in Japanese and Chinese
waters one only carries quick-firing guns,
and the significance of that fact is not to
be underrated. Besides, her vessels never
maneuver together. The British admiral
is perpetually exercising ten or a dozen
ships in squadron, but his Russian con
frere makes no such effort, and it is more
than probable that this radical difference
of training would tell markedly in war
fare.
A subscription has been started in Japan
for the relief of Formosans rendered home
less by the recent rebellion. The Em
peror and Empress set the example by
subscribing 3000 yen ; the treasury gave
40,000 and private subscriptions are rapidly
coming into the newspaper offices. It
has always been the habit of Chinese in
surgents or disbanded soldiers to burn,
pillage and murder, and many excesses of
that nature perpetrated by the Formosan
rebels have been laid at the door of the
Japanese. As for the rebellion, it is now
virtually stamped out, though desultory
raids continue to be made by little bauds
of desperadoes.
Particulars of the wreck of the German
gunboat litis showt hat she was lost, not,
as was originally reported, hecause of tbe
incapacity of her engines to save her from
drifting on a lee shore, but through
striking on a rock while hugging the coast
at night during a heavy gale. The en
gines were working well at the time, but
the vessel seems to have been caught by
an extraordinary current and carried out
of her course. The last scene on board
was (splendid. The captain summoned
the crew aft as the ship was beginning to
break up and called upon them to give
three cheers for the Kai?er, which they
did most lustily. They then sane the
Flagglied hymn, and were actually sing
ing when tne Iltis parted amidships. The
few survivors that clung to the forward
portion were rescued by a Chinese boat
after thirty-six hours' exposure.
The Letter- Carriers.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 10.— At
the afternoon session rf the Letter
carriers' Association Treasurer McDonald's
annual report was read and accepted. It
showed $15,587 receipts and a balance on
hand of 55618. The election of officers will
take place to-morrow and the following
were, placed in nomination for president*
J. U. Parson of New York, C. W. Worth
ington of Chicago and R. H. Quinn of
Philadelphia.
A Fatal Silver Discussion.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., S»pt. 10.—At
Pxicn''see ll nH!d^^ v^ y S D S e C ? e t
tOTf t fit KG
You will soon be as bright as sunshine.
St. Augustine to-night, J amea P. Weicl .
man and Joe Allen quarreled while nil
cussing the^ilver qne«iiS. •ai J^SUw*
knife and fatally cut WpMmTn o^*l,
latter snot Allen twice, causme almost
instant death. Bfth men leave f am ?£
TRADES UNION COIGKESS.
Old Age Mention, and ltelens , of r 0 u tim
eal Prisoner* Asked
EDINBURG. Sept. 10.-In 'the Trade
Union Congress to-day the Vnti^oi
Municipal Labor Union's resolution favor
ing old age pensions was passed as fol
lows:
That this body of trades union* «# ♦*„
United Kingdom wish its committo- ,1 n hQ
sider the advisabiiityof at 01™ i 0
Government to bring in a bill mak?n u S the
pulsory for all tnuniciral bod e s to an^ 1 ' com
?_ss?i gcl inBof old JiSaS^SK
The following resolution was carried
acclamation : "*
That this convention calls upon the Govern
meat to grant a complete amnesty to «U t'
cal prisoners, and is of the opinion that th«
time has arrive l for a full and careful ?couirv
by the Home secretary into the cases of ?nrel
men-Caiies, Charles and Baulo-ccndemued
at Stafford in April, 1892, to ten years' Senal
seivitude for having in their possession ex
?efe S iH SU aUCeS> WUh a view t0 their speedy
Silver Coinatie
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 10.-Mint
Director Proton says that since the Ist of
July he has paid into the treasury $3,000
-000 as the result of the seigniorage accru
ing from siiver coiiied. Most of the silver
coined has been since July last, since
whicn time it has been bis purpose to
coin silver at the rate of $3.000 000 a
month. Ail the mints are now coining
silver almost exclusively.
Sealing Schooner Cavtured
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 10,-Cap
taln Shoemaker of the Revenue Cutter
Bureau is informed that the revenue cut
ter Rush on August 24 captured the Brit
iph schooner Viva, and the cutter Irvin on
August 22 captured the schooner Jane
Gray, while both were enpaged in sealing
in tbe prohibited area in Bering Sea
Treasury Gold Jteserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept. 10.-The
treasury gold reserve at the close to-day
stood at $101,172,072. The day's with
drawals were $47,400. It is believed that
in the future the daily witndrawals of
cold at San Francisco, which for the past
six weeks have been heavy, will be ligbt.
On car E. Hill Pardoned.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 10,-The
President has granted a full pardon to
Oscar E. Hill, sentenced in Utah threa
years ago to ten years for embezzlement.
Short in Hta Accounts.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 10. — Charles
Bryau, cashier of tbe Custom-house, is
alleged to De short $3000 in his accounts.
Special treasury agents are examining his
accounts.
her. Jerome Vaughn Dead.
LONDON, E.ng., Sept. 10.— Rev. Jerome
Vaughn, a brother of Cardinal Vaughn,
died to-day.
, NEW TO-DAY.
IT'S A QUESTION
Of dollars and — common
sense. ________
Without common sense
money can do you little good.
But a little common sense
can make a little money do
you lots of good. Common
sense teaches you to get all
you can for your money, and
to keep away from fakers
who promise $2 for $1.
Extra values this week in
Men's All- Wool Suits— well
made, neat and perfect fit-
ting— s7.7s.
Men's Overcoats — fine blue
Kersey, velvet collars — real
dressy garments. Our price
—$7.00.
See our window display.
Observe the quality of our
goods — only the price is low ;
the quality is the highest in
America.
N^gg9-Sh33-3S-37 K-ARHy gy
Send us a mail order— you will be highly
gratified. ' :.^ ■ .
FIRST MEETING OF THE
McRINLEY INYMLES
— AT THE
AUDITORIUM,
COR. EDDY AND JONES STS..
THIS (Friday) EYESIAG, Sept. 11, 1896.
HON. A. G. BOOTH.
COL. J. P. JACKSON,
HON. FRANK L. COOMBS
(OF NAPA)
WILL ADDIEBBJ-HE MEETING.
Madam Ellen Coursen-Roeckel;
Assisted by 28 Ladies. Will Sing
:«'THE BANNJSK TUB BEAR.'
Sam Booth and the Catifornia Quartet
RECITATION,
music by B!um___Full Orchestra.
Galleries only reserved for Ladies and
Escorts. Posliively no childeen <.a-
mitted.
By order of tbe Board of Directors.
THKO. RKl'Ut-B-' Secretary.
nniIAHPA roK BABBBBS BAR
C9lfiV M *■ *2 <•■• •■ bootblacks, bath-
PB|IIVJ 5 1 & & houses, . billiard -ia.«.-».
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makere, . cannerj.
dy-J-a. lionrimlls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hin?eni.. printers?, painter,, shoe factories, alaoi*
IBeß.tar-roofers^ann^aaors^^
■ BnisU a_iuurßctur«r». CO» Sacr»m«nt«»_THEY CAN ONLY
ELECT McKINLEY
And That Is All the Sound-
Money Democrats Hope
to Accomplish.
GROVER'S VIEWS DUE.
Will Soon Follow the Example
of Cabinet Members in De
nouncing Bryanism.
SOME PREMATURE SPECULATION
Men Who Are Mentioned for Port
folios in the Event of the
Nebraskan's Election.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 10.— The
telegram of Secretary Lamont in which
he announces his intention to vote for
Palmer and Buckner, the Presidential
candidates of the Indianapolis ticket, and
denounces the "new and strange creed
proclaimed in a moment of delirium at
Chicago," is expected to be followed
shortly by a letter or telegram from Presi
dent Cleveland. It is said that Mr. Cleve
land indicated his purpose some days ago
of making a public expression indorsing
the action of the Indianapolis convention.
Secretary Lamont's open avowal of his
attitude sets at rest any doubt as to his
position and, incidentally, vindicates the
prediction made In these dispatches when
the Secretary returned from his visit to
Gray Gables that the master of the White
House would yet bring every recalcitrant
member of his Cabinet into line against
the Chicago ticket.
Mr. Carlisle, for instance, who told
Senator Lindsay of Kentucky before his
visit to Gray Gables that he would vote the
Democratic ticket, recently expressed him
self very strongly in favor of the Indian
apolis ticket. It is curious that the gentle
men deepest interested in this movement
cannot succeed in forcing upon the people
the name which they adopted for their
party, namely, the "National Democratic
party." Every man, no matter what be
his sentiments toward the Chicago plat
form, recognizes that the ticket nomi
nated there is that of the National Demo
cratic party, and the sound-money Demo
crats are in very grave danger of passing
down into history without any name at
tached to their movement except that of
the city where their convention was Held.
The sound-money men will open their
campaign on the Ist of next month. They
will have no literary bureau to speak of,
because their activity will be confined sole
ly to sending oat able speakers, whose
only topic will be the danger of the free
silver heresy. The literature which they
would send is already being supplied more
systematically and far more liberally by |
the National Republican committee than I
the sound-money men could hope to do.
There will be perfect harmony of action,
and the sound-money sp akers will be
careful to arrange all their itineraries in
such a way as to co-operate with the
speakers' bureau of the Republicans.
There will be no attempt made by the
sound-money men to dictate the action of
any State committee in the matter of put
ting up an electoral ticket. It is conceded
that the sound-money men everywhere
have only one purpose in view, the elec
tion of McKinley, and it will be left to
their discretion everywhere to run an in
dependent electoral ticket or to place the
State electors for McKinley under the
Palmer and Buckner party emblem.
Thus, men like Representative John K.
Cowen of Baltimore, E. J. Phelps of Ver
mont and Bourke Cochran of New York,
who beliove that a McKinley vote is the
most sensible and straightforward way of
defeating Bryan, will be cheerfully sup
ported in this work. It is generally under
stood that in almost every State the
sound-money men will, a day or two be
fore the National election, practically
abandon their own ticket and throw their
votes to McKinley and vote for the sound
money candidate for Congress, no matter
what are his party affiliations.
At Democratic headquarters the action
of Mr. Lamontis discounted by the asser
tion that Senator Hill will undoubtedly
come out for the Democratic ticket after
the convention at Buffalo next Wednes
day, notwithstanding his telegram of to
day to the county chairman at Albany.
Hill's telegram puzzles the politicians !
somewha,t, i>ut they take it to mean that
he refuses to be bound by instructions.
The general opinion is that he will yet an
nounce himself for Bryan.
His inconsistent action in advocating
what he fought so bitterly at Chicago is
ingeniously explained away by his friends
at the headquarters. Mr. Hill, they say,
went to Chicago as the representative of
his party in New York, carrying, as it
were, a power of attorney from them. He
made his right and was defeated.
If next Wednesday the representatives
of the Democratic party in New York, j
whose attorney he was in Chicago, decide
upon a new course, then Mr. Hill, the
faithful attorney of his party, will be
guided by their new orders. It is believed
at the Democratic headquarters in allserl
ousne&s that Bryan has more than a fight
ing chance in New York. This is not the
idle campaign claim of the shouters about
the headquarters, but is the calm judg
ment of the men who do not as a rule give
out campaign interviews.
Senator Gorman, who spent nearly two
weeks at Saratoga studying up the politi
cal situation in New Yoik, is said to be
fully convinced that Bryan will come
down to the Harlem running very little
behind McKinley, if not passing him, and
if Tammany only does its duty New York
will be in tiie Democratic column. Cer
tain it is that this claim was never made
for New York until the recent visit to the
National headquarters of Senator Gorman.
And it is believed that Senator Gorman
is authority for the firm faith in Mr. Hill.
There is such an amount of assurance
that Mr. Hill will come out for Bryan and
that New York can be carried for Bryan
with proper effort that it is already said at
headquarters that Hill will be made Secre
tary of State "in case Bryan wins."
The rest of the Cabinet has not yet been
entirely parceled out by enthusiastic Dem
ocrats, but at present ex-Governor Hogg
of Texas, who is now at the New York
headquarters, is spoken of as the Attorney-
General; Governor Stone of Missouri is
slated for the Secretaryship of the Inte
rior, thus succeeding his Missouri rival in
politics, ex-Governor Francis ; George Fred
Williams of Massachusetts is to be the
Secretary of the Navy, so that Newport
and "society" generally Is to have a kid
glove representative in the Cabinet. The
treasury is to go to Senator Teller, because
Mr. Bland, whose name naturally suggests
itself for that office in case free silver wins,
intends to be Speaker of the House of Rep
resentatives.
TO BE PRINTED IN ENGLISH.
tied Men Will Xot Have Thfir Ritual in
■■tnv Other Language.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 10.— After
a lengthy consideration of the new ritual
to-day by the Grand Council of the Red
Men, the committee's report, recommend
ing that the ritual be printed only in Eng
lish, was adopted by a vote of 72 to 31. A
vote on the place for the next council was
again postponed. Houston, Tex., with
drew and Nashville took its place. The
semi-centennial will be held in Philadel
phia next year. The Degree of Pocahontas
was changed so that only the wives, sis
ters, daughters and mothers of Red Men
will be eligible. The proposition from
Red Men now living in Canada to extend
the order to the Dominion is not favor
ably considered, the objection being that
the order is a distinctively American one.
yon- Union Miners Attacked.
LEADVIULE, Colo., Sept. 10.— A party
of union miners attacked several non
union men at the sbafthouee of the Coro
nado mine this evening, painfully wound
ing two of them, bu their injuries are not
of a serious nature. This scrimmage is
the only foundation for the reports sent
out from heze to-night that there had
been a riot and several killed.
Failure Due to Poor Business.
LINCOLN, Nebk., Sept. 10.— A. T.
Lemeng & Co., extensive dealers in books
and stationery, closed their doors this
morning, giving chattel mortgages aggre
gating nearly $40,000. New York, Ohio
and local banks and the National Wall
paper Company are the principal creditors.
The firm is one of the oldest in the city,
but business for a year has been poor.
BOURKE COCKBAN'S STAND
Cannot Accept a Congressional
Nomination From New York
Republicans. . ,
Will Vote for McKinley in November,
but Is Not Prepared to Leave
His Party.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept 10— Bourke
Cockran has declined the nomination for
Congress offered to him by the Republi
cans of the Twelfth District. In his letter
of declination he says:
The assault led by Bryan on American honor
and industry is fraught with such danger to
tne country that I snail vote ior Major McKin
ley as the n.ost effective method by which 1 can
aid in preventing its success. I could not,
however, accept any nomination during this
campaign to any office nowever exalted for
which I would be indebted to the political
organization whose candidate I am compelled
to support by the exigencies of a grave National
peril but to whose distinctive principles I am
oppf^ed.
while the Democratic organization remains
a party to the Populist conspiracy against
wages I shall labor untiringly tor its defeat, but
I will not consent to profit by its overthrow.
The faithless leaders who have betrayed the
Democratic Convention to the Populists de
serve a crushing rebuke at the polls and I am
anxious to join in administering it to them,
but I am resolved to share the exclusion from
office which I shall urge the people to impose
on my party.
LOS ANGELES REDDING.
HUH am West and Mitttt Helen Ball Made
Man and Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 10.— This
evening Miss Helen Ball, daughter of
Captain and Mrs. C. J. Ball, was married
to William West of this city. The wed
ding took place at the residence of the
bride on West Adams street and was a
very interesting affair, over 200 invita
tions being issued.
The ceremony took place in the large
drawing-room, under a crowd of white
carnations and smilax. The bride was
led to the altar by her father, who gave
her away. Miss Hattie Kimball of Oak
land was the maid of honor. Miss Lillian
Wellborn and Miss Mac Newton were
bridesmaids; the best man was Dee Sale
and the groomsmen were George Stamm,
George Larence, Fred and Horace Hen
derson.
The little ribbon- bearers were Thomas
Creighton and Athlene English. The
music was under the direction of Pro
fessor Krauss, the violinist, and there
were also selections of vocal and instru
mental music by Mr. Zinck, tenor, and
Miss Delphine Todd, soprano. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. A. S. Clark
of Christ Church.
SEIZED SKALEE AT VICTORIA.
Captain Brown of the Aurora Seem* to
Have Been Vntueky.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 10.— The seal
ing schooner Aurora, Captain Thomas
Brown, arrived to-day from Bering Sea,
where she was seized by the United States
revenue cutter Rush on August 10 for
having aboard three skins bearing sup
posed marks of a shotgun.
These pelts have been kept separate
from the others secured by the sealer, and
when the schooner was overhauled Cap
tain Brown drew special attention to
them. He was unfortunate, however, in
not having landed all his guns and am
munition at Atu before entering the sea
and thus avoiding suspicion.
Had|he observed this optional formality
there could have been no excuse for the
seizure, for Captain Brown firmly con
tends that the holes in the skins were
made by a spear. After the seizure a prize
crew was placed aboard the Aurora, and
she was sent to Unaiaska. Here she re
ported to her Majesty's steamship Icarius
and was ordered home.
GEORGE E. KhItCKHOFF DEI ID
For Many years a Prominent Resident
of L,os jtngele*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 10.— George
B. Kerckhoff, an old and wealthy citizen
of this city, died at Santa Monica yester
day. He was 73 years old. He leaves a
widow, a daughter, Elizabeth, and three
sons, Herman, Anton and William G.
Kerckhorf, all resi ding here.
Mr. Kerckhoff was born at Lingen, Ger
many. Ho came to the United State in
1851 and settled at T<rre Haute, Ind. He
resided there until 187t», when he removed
to Los Angeles. He was the founder
of the well-known Kerckhoff-Kuzner Mil!
and Lumber Company, ot which cor
poration he remained the treasurer up to
the time of his death, though not other
wise taking an active part in the adminis
tration of its business. He was extensively
interested in real estate transactions and
various other business enterprises. Mr.
Kerckhoff was a memb-r of the City
Council for a time. He was an honorable,
uprigiit man and generous in his dealings.
The Al-Ki Overdue From Juneau.
BEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 10.— The Pa
cific Coast Steamship Compauy's steamer
Al-Ki, running on the Alaska route, is
three days overdue from Juneau. Some
anxiety is felt in this city for the safety of
the vessel, but the company's agents *say
there is no occasion for alarm, as she has
probably been greatly retarded in her
progress owing to the unusually dense
fogs. The AI-Ki was to have sailed to-day
from this port on her return trip.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
MUSTERS MEET
IN CONFERENCE
Second Day's Session of
Methodists at Pacific
Grove.
ELDERS MAKE REPORTS
San Francisco Said to Be a
Wicked City, but Not So Bad
as Vallejo.
MANY M'KINLEY ADHERENTS.
Scheme of a Reverend Gentleman to
Rehabilitate the Politics of
the Country.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 10.—
After the usual early morning prayer
meeting, at which the attendance is grow
ing, the second day's session of the Cali-
Scene at the California Annual Conference of the MethodLt Ep'scopal Church, Now Being Held in
the Methodist Church at Pacific Grove.
fornia conference convened at 8:30 o'clock.
The congregation was larger than on the
previous day. Opening devotional exer
cises were conducted by Rev. Alfred Kum
mer of Oakland, He read a scripture
lesson and led in a powerful prayer. A
number of other clergymen also made
feeling prayers, and all invoked a special
blessing on the conference and the im
portant work before it.
At 9 o'clock Bishop Foss took the chair
and presided until the noon recess. He
remarked that the Methodist Episcopal
church is the only body of its kind which
annually inquires into the personal char
acter of its ministers.
Following this statement there were
numerous and fervent "Amens." In this
connection it is gratifying to the confer
ence, though nothing out of the usual or
der, that there is not a charge of any
Kind against any member. Rev. F.
A. McFaul of Lockeford resigned during
the year because he could no longer accept
the doctrine of the trinity.
As the names were called this morning
the ministers in several districts reported
the amount of money collected during
the year for missionary work and confer
ence claimants. The reports were quite
gratifying. They show an increased in
terest in the work. The amounts were
taken down by statistical secretaries, who
when all the reports are in, will make the
footings and report the result to the con
ference.
The presiding elders, too, were called on
for their annual reports oi the work in
their respective district*. Those were
very complete and extensive, and sub
joined are extracts made from as many as
reported this morning.
The reports were listened to with great
interest by the entire congregation, and
reports of good work in any field were
enthusiastically approved in the nsual
manner.
A complaint by letter against the min
Rev. A. H. Needham, Secretary of the California Annual Conference
at Pacific Grove, and Pastor of Pacific Grove Methodist Church.
ister at Smith River by a saloon-keeper
was read and humorously regarded by the
conference. The saloon-keeper said he
wanted a minister who was not so hot
against saloons.
The matter of the organization of the
district missionary societies then came up.
The general Methodist Conference at its
last session arranged for the appointment
in each presiding eider's district of a dis
trict secretary, whose duty shall be to
work up interest in missions. The matter
of the manner of the appointment of this
committee was referred to :i committee.
The only sign that the conference showed
of entering into a spirited debate to-day
was on the action of the general confer
ence in admitting women to its member
ship and the question of what action the
California conference should take subse
quent to it.
Parliamentary tactics prevented a pro
tracted and very spirited debate, as the
conference is understood to differ on the
matter. The action of the general con
ference as to the admission of ministers
and laymen to equal representation also
brought out practically the same situation.
A motion by Rev. Mr. Antnony, to take
up the matter to-morrow morning with
out debate, finally prevailed, though there
■was some outspoken objection to shutting
off the ritrht of free speech. The matter
of accepting by the conference the under
graduates from accredited literary and
theological schools was referred to a com
mittee composed of Reverends M. D. Buck,
J. W. Ross and W. B. Urmy.
After the transaction of a few formal
matters the regular session of the con
ference adjourned, and the auditorium
was occupied in the afternoon by auxil
iary meeting.
At 2:30 o'clock Mrs. Alfred Kummer
presided at the meeting of the Wom'an's
Foreign Missionary Society in the audi
torium. The scripture lesson was read by
Mrs. C. C. Lombard. Rev. Mr. Osborn led
in prayer.
The'first talk of the afternoon was made
by Mrs. R. S. Cantine on "Medical Mis
sionaries." She said her talk would be
chiefly about the women medical mission
ary, and referred to Dr. Carrie Swain of
New York, who made many converts in
India and became ianious throughout
that foreign land when the strictly relig
ious missionary made little progress.
At first the medical missionaries, by
reason of their knowledge of the healing
art, made much more progress. English
physicians cannot be admitted to the room
of a woman in India, except a woman of
the street, and on this account the women
of India have suffered untold pain. She
gave several instances where the Gospel
had found an entering wedge in foreign
lands through a Christian physician hav
ing traveled and cured a dignitary and
m:i'le a way for it.
Mrs. Lucy Drake Osborn, a missionary
late of India, entertained the audience
with a talk on that country. She said that
the great majority of the population of
India is on the verge of starvation, except
for six weeks of the year during the mango
season. They carry starved children
around and keep them starved in order to
better get alms. Regularly organized
missions are doing the best missionary
work in India.
A collection was taken up, and the
meeting concluded with the singing of
several songs in Mahrattee and Hindus
tanee by Mrs. Osborn.
Following tti* 1 missionary meeting was
a Pentecostal meeting of song, prayer and
praise, led by Rev. Mr. Bain. He awak
enea a wonderful religious spirit. Mem
bers of the congregation kneeling at the
chancel and responding with fervent
amens to the preacher's praying macie one
of the most impressive scenes of the con
ference, and certainly the most impressive
of tho second day.
The concluding rueetinc of the afternoon
was that of the Ladies' Aia Society. No
business was transacted except the ap
pointment of n committee to make nom
inations for officers to be elected at the an
nual meeting of the society next Saturday
afternoon.
The meeting wns called principally for
the purpose of making arrangements for a
reception to the wives of the ministers,
to be >_-iven in El Carmeio Hotel on Satur
day eveninc
Bishop Foss is holding daily cabinet
meetings with the presiding elders. At
his reauest Rev. M. H. Alexander, D.D.,
was appointed assistant statistical secre
tary in place of Rev. W. C. Kurnow, who
is not present at the conference.
Several ministers wear McKinley but
tons in their coat lapels, but not a Bryan
button is seen. One of the secretaries said
he thought that a large majority of the
conference members were for McKinley.
This evening the Sabbath observance
anniversary was held, a fine audience being
present. Rev. Dr. M. C. Briggsof San Jose,
who travels in the interest of Sabbath ob
servance, presided and delivered the prin
cipal address. He spoke of the need of a
Sabbath for laboring people, a Sabbath for
rest and home life.
Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Mem
orial Church, San Francisco, made an
address in which he said that he did not
want a return to the blue laws, but did
want a greater observance of the Sabbath.
Rev. Dr. W. R. Goodwin of the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Church, San Fran
cisco, spoke. He said if bicycles brought
people to church he would call on the
Lord to bless them, but if they did not he
might feel more like calling on the Lord
to do the ether thing. He added that
San Francisco had all the vices of Sodom
and Gomorrah, and felt that the good
people in the City were the salvation of it
from tuewrath of God. He said he would
like to have God President of the United
States for one term, Jesus Christ Secretary
of the Treasury and some preachers in
Congress, and then the industrial, the
Sunaay and the financial questions would
be settled.
He said there is gold and silver enough
in this country, but what was needed is a
better way of using it. He said there
ought to be a little more morality about it.
Henry J. McCoy of San Francisco, gen
eneral secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association, who is attending
the conference, donned bis bicycle suit
this morning and went out for a spin.
He rode along the sidewalk, being igno
rant of the fact that there is a Pacific
Grove ordinance against it, and was
promptly arrested by City Marshal Rich.
Subsequently the matter was dropped.
Presiding Elder E. R. Willis of the
Naps district reported that hard times had
affected both salaries and collections. He
said :
'•The word Vallejo is not synonymous
with righteousness. Kins Alcohol is on
the throne. The city stands because there
are more than ten righteous one^ in it. To
see a man at the mourners' bench in Val
lejo would surprise the people more than
an earthquake.
"I believe that God will capture this
modern Jericho. Brother Woodward's
work has been chiefly confined to leading
the people into higher religious experi
ences.
"Benicia," he said, "is the same kind of
soil that is found at Vallejo and the same
conditions prevail. They have paid off a
large portion of the church debt.
"At Vacaville there was not a tent a year
ago, but now there is a chapei free from
debt. The church is in Vacaville to stay.
"As to Dixon every saloon-keeper there
would like to see Brother Wa Iker
cremated. This field was like a strong,
vigorous man who had fallen into a de
cline and magnified his feebleness. It has
been largely the mission of the pastor
here, Rev. Mr. Walker, to tell the people
that God is not dead.
"The towns of Madison and Guinda are
a new and promising field. Up to this
year the congregation had to meet in the
schoolhouse, but now it has a chapel of
its own free from debt.
"In .LaKe County, with a population
much scattered, the church property is
improved.
"I am hopeful for a new church at
EureKa. At Yolo and Blacks the church
has been lifted out of obscurity. Brother
Rodda has raised a $500 debt at Ferndale,
and at Woodland the church is strong and
without a discordant note. An effort to
proselyte the church members was foiled.
"Results at Ukiah are growing in ex
tent and the church at Crescent City is
sti oncer than for years.
"To be, or not to be is the question at
San Rafael. If help is not obtained the
Sheriff will get the church there. It would
be a shame for .Methodism to abandon one
of the most important cities near San
Francisco.
"Windsor Church is inadequate to the
present demands. Hydevllle, a long time
dead, has come forth again and wants
preaching this year.'"
The Green Valley debt on the parsonage
had been paid and the next step will be
toward a new church. The debt at Man
chester has been canceled. Petaluma is
one of the most substantial charges and
the outlook for a prosperous year is en
courapring. At Boonville a new church has
been erected.
"Calistoga's year has been one of the
best ii: its history for Methodism. Prog
ress is reported at Ukiah and at nearly all
the remaining charges of the district/
John Kirby, presiding elder of the Oak
land district, which has an area of 15,000
s^uiire miles, reported that upward of half
of the forty—even charges are free from
debt. He said:
"Over $7000 of debt on churches and
parsonages has been paid during the past
year. Rev. G. H. Jones of Thirty-fourth
street churoh and Rev. Wallis of Twenty
fourth-street church, Oakland, have raised
considerable of the church debt during
the year. A now parsonage has been built
at Diiuoiid. with a small mortgage of
$1100, but the church is free from debt.
"At Linden the chnrch has been im
proved, and at Coulterville the church has
money in the treasury and the edince is
in cood order.
"The parsonage at Amador has been en
larged. A new church has been built at
Pino and paid for as each nail was driven.
There has been no great revival in the
district, but in several places the revival
fire has burst forth.
"Rev. F. A. MoFaul of the Oakland dis
trict has resigned during the year, havine
abandoned the doctrine of the trinity and
gone into 'logic,' where the song birds
never sing."
F. J. Masters, presiding elder of the Chi
nese district, which extends to all cities of
the. conference, reported that never before
has there been such an interest in San
Francisco Chinntown in the gospel as dur
ing the past confprfiife year.
Colored Miner Killnt at liowlyn.
ROSLYN, Wash., Sept. 10.— John Allen,
a colored minor, was fataily crushed by a
fall of rock while working to-day.
DETECTIVE WORK
AT SACRAMENTO
The Dead Robber's Compan
ions Believed to Be in
the City.
TWO ARRESTS ARE MADE
One Man Is Turned Loose, the
Other Kept in Strict
SeclusioD.
MUCH MYSTERY AND SECRECY.
Clews, Descriptions and Photographs
That Are Expected to Lead to
Results.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 10. - After
several days' hard work the detective
forces of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and Wells-Fargo have evidently
arrived at the conclusion that the much
wanted train-robbers whose companion
was killed by Engineer Ingles in last Sat
urday night's attempted hold-up are at
the present time waiting the streets of
this city, trusting to evade detection
among the immense crowd of outsiders
who throng it rather than to maJte any
attempt at escape by any of the carefully
guarded thoroughfares leading to other
localities.
All day long there has been extreme
activity among the rank and file of man
hunters, and at least two arrests have
been made, one of which is rumored to be
important— with how much truth it is
impossible to ascertain, as Hume and
Thacker, who are captaining the search,
have sealed the mouths of their subor
dinates.
All that can be learned is that a man
named Mike Golden was arrested this
morning and has since been turned at
liberty, though he is said to be still under
surveillance, and that later a man named
Sullivan was placed under arrest and con
veyed to the County Jail, where he is kept
in strict seclusion. From the impene
trable air of mystery which has been cast
around him it is thought that possibly he
may be one of the trio who made the at
tempt on the company's train. On the
other hand there are companions of this
same man who claim to have been in his
company during the entire night of the
robbery.
That the whole scheme was concocted
in this city by outside talent has been
proven beyond a doubt. The robbery of
the powder magazine and the purchase of
the fuse and caps have both been traced
to the dead man and his companions,
whose actual description is in the posses
sion oi the detectives. Their hanging-out
places while in this city are known and
there is but little doubt that it is a mere
matter of time until their capture is
effected, as it is claimed that the photos
of the two men wanted have been secured.
CAMPEELL'S CASE AT REDWOOD.
Judge Buck Will JVot Hear the Issue In
volving Hiit Fee.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept 10.— »
Judge Buck will not hear the issue involv
ing the allowance of Attorney Campbell's
fee in the estate of Charles Lux, deceased.
The clerk to-day wrote Governor James H.
Budd requesting him to designate some
other Judge to hear the issues. Conse
auently the case which was set for argu
ment for next Saturday will be continued.
This action was caused by the recent
publication of certain articles in San
Francisco dailies containing reflections of
a serious nature against certain attorneys
in the case.
Vnadilla's Propeller Repaired.
VaLLEJO, Cal., Sept. 10.— A nice piece
SEW TO-DAY.
~~~ , . .
There's only one firm in
the entire length and breadth
' ;, of this great State who can
say to you :
"Come to us and
we will sell to you direct —
Fine Clothing made by our-
j^. selves from cloth manufac-
I \\\ I^^ C Jn^^ tured by ourselves in our
V/ 1 V/11V own Woolen Mills at the
exact wholesale price the
dealers pay us."
That firm has only one lo-
cation in San Francisco — in
the SECOND block from
d*\ -d^ I S\ j^ Market, on Sansome street.
V^IOiV UDC Don't be deceived by imita-
tors look sharp for the Blue
Signs and the two names,
"Oregon City Woolen
Mills" and "Brown Bros. &
Co."
All-Wool Men's Suits, $12. 50;
Only One Boys' Suits, $7.50j Children's
Only One -- ~_
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon C:.';< Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
of work has been performed at Mare
Island on the tug UuadjAla in making
temporary repairs to her four-bladed pro
peller, one biade of which was broken on
her trip from San Francisco recently. As
the expense of docking the tug would
equal that of the largest cruiser Con
structor W. S. Baxter hit upon the plan
of lifting tne stern of the tug sufficiently
out of the water with the aid of the big
traveling-crane to allow the workmen to
make the necessary repairs, and the tug
is now as good as ever.
GREAT ACTIVITY AT SAN LUIS..
Rousing Meeting of the Mcß-inley and
Hobart Club.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Sept. 10.-
Last evening a rousing meeting of the
McKinley and Hobart Club was held at
their headquarters.
Chairman Fowler presided and made a
few opening remarks. He was followed
by G. W. Kemp, who delivered a half-hour
opeech on the tariff which was warmly
applauded. The club is daily increasing
and using every effort to nave all voters
fall in line for McKinley and Hobart.
The Brvan Club met last night at the
opera-house and an address by C. A.
Barlow, the fusion candidate for this dis
trict, was listened to. The Udell letter to
The Call, in reference to Barlow, is hav
ing a telling effect upon tne community.
Big Clambake at Sawtalito.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 10.— There will
be a great clambake at Sausalito on Sun
day, September 20. The town is papered
with bills announcing that this will be a
free affair, and that chickens in every
style, crabs and lots of other good thing«
will be served. The aim is to more than
equal the effort made by Tiburon, and the
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company is
expected to assist largely. The commit
tee on arrangements will be named this
week.
Chinaman Killed Aear Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 10. — A
telephone message was received here this
evening from the Fish ranch, twelve miles
west of here, that a Chinaman had been
killed by the falling of a hay derrick mast.
He was a trusted employe and had been in
the employ of Mr. Fish, proprietor of the
ranch, for a number of years.
VALLEJO HAS A SUICIDE.
Richard Willis, a Veteran
Marine, Shoots Himself
Through the Head.
Dismissed From the Yountville Home
for Disobeying Rules, He Suc
cumbs to Despondency.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 10.— Poor, old
and broken down, Richard Willis shoi
and killed himself last night. Ha was the
possessor of three honorable discharges,
more than a dozen small discharges of one
year each, and an autograph letter from
Hon. Gideon Welles, ex-Secretary of the
Navy, for gallant and meritorious conduct
during the several engagements of the
United States ship New Ironsides in the
assaults on Fort Fisher, in December,
1864, and January, 1865, during which en
gagements he was wounded in the legs,
and as a result was in receipt of $36 per
quarter as {tension money.
For twelve or fifteen years past Willis
has Berved as signal quartermaster on the
receiving-ship Independence. About three
years ago he decided to quit the navy and
go to the Veterans' Home at Yountville.
He remained there for a time and having
disobeyed the regulations was discharged,
with the penalty of not being entitled to
admission for six months.
Willis was old and infirm and had been
since subsisting on the small pension re
ceived. He had been stopping in a little
room near the water front, out becoming a
pauper and unable to pay the rent he was
turned out. A neighbor gave him a couple
of nights lodging and again he was left to
drift out into the night, when an old lady
took compassion and offered to share her
humble abode with him. Willis thanked
her and with but 20 cents lefi he asked Her
to have a sup of beer. They drank to
gether in a saloon at the corner of Branci
forte and Capitol streets, when Willis ex
cused himself for a moment and passed
out of the front door into the darkness.
He had not gone twenty feet before
taking a revolver from his pocket, which
he placed to the side of his right ear and
fired, and by the time the inmates of the
saloon had reached him he was dead.
Willis was a native of England, about
80 years of age.
34
ROYAL RACING AT
THE STATE FAIR
Vinctor and Libertine Fight
Their Battles Over
Again.
TEE CALIFORNIAN WINS.
An Odds-On Favorite Badly Rid*
den by Little Jockey
Frawley.
DISCIPLINE FOR THE RIDER.
E'mwood Stock Farm and El Pri-
mero Stable Horses Capture
Two Races Each.
BACRAMBNTO, Cal., Sept. 10.— This
forenoon at the track was taken up by the
stock parade and the country visitors were
creatly Interested in the magnificent spec
imens of thoroughbred horses and cattle
that were walked around the ring. The
second parade will take place on Saturday,
\t which time the premiums will be
awarded.
In the afternoon a big crowd was in at
tendance to witness the running events.
The Vinctor stake, usually one of the star
attractions of the meet, resulted in a walk
over for the great Californian, Vinctor,
who merely received the entrance money
Ms stable put up. In the race following, a
mile special, he again made the mighty
Libertine bow to him, nosing the Easterner
out in 1 :41, over a track not lightning fast.
Joe Narvaez, the rider of Vinctor, was en
thusiastically cheered for his great saddle
work.
El Primero stable's Caliente, a son of El
Rio Rev, took the Ladies' stake, from a
field of nine, in a romp, starting a 2 to 1
choice. The brown colt Ruinart, carrying
Bookmaker George Rose's colors, proved
himself a smashing good three-year-old
by picking up 112 pounds and defeating
Grady, Installator and Arnette at a mile
and seventy yards, finishing like a real
good one.
Fleur de Lis and Nebuchadnezzar also
picked up purses for their respective own
ers. Many visitors arrived from San
Francisco and Stockton this morning, and
the ring enjoyed about the busiest day of
t'.e meet.
Entered to be sold for $600 and pitted
against an ordinary lot of two-year-old
platers, the opening' five-furlong scramble
looked a pick-up for Flear de Lis. The
books laid 7 to 10 against her, and, shak
ing Dolore off in the stretch, she won
comparatively easily at the end in l:01>£.
Dolore, who ran an exceedingly good race,
beat Alazan, a 30 to 1 shot, four lengths
for the place.
A seven and a half furlong run brought
out a field of seven, with John Hum
phreys' mare Chartreuse II opening a pro
nounced 1 to 2 favorite. The "dope"
players considered her a "pipe." Nebuch
adnezzar's great run in the Farewell
handicap decided over the Bay District
track some months ago, when he was
beaten but a head in 2:07 for the mile and
a quarter, was evidently quite forgotten,
for he went begning at 4 to 1. McClain,
who had the mount on the latter, sent
him to the front as the barrier was lifted,
and, leading throughout, he won very
handily, a length and a half before Sea
side, in 1:34 >£. The favorite received a
sort of tepid ride at the hands of little
Frawley, for which the lad waa set down
for the meeting.
Ten faced Btarter Havey for the Ladies'
Bt«ke, worth $690 to the winning three
year-old. The erratic Peixotto opened a 9
to 5 choice, but when the coin began pour
ing in on Caliente, forcing his price down
from fours to 2 to 1, he receded to 12 to 5.
Heartsease, Lucille and Miss Pollard re
ceived the most support of the other start
ers. Hazlett on Peixotto managed to get
the bad actor away fairly well, and at once
hustled him to the front. He did not ap
pear to have his customary turn of speed,
for as the stretch was reached Lucille and
Caliente were at his side. The latter be
gan pulling away below the paddock,
finally winning easily by two lengths in
l:l4Ji, Miss Pollard made a good run
through the stretch, taking the place by a
length from Lucille.
After Vinctor had galloped around the
track for the Vinctor stake the betting be
gan on the mile special, with Lobengula
112, Vinctor 118, Libertine 116 and Wheel
of Fortune 108 as starters. Vinctor was a
hot favorite in the betting, going to the
post 4to 5. Lobengula at 16 to 5 was well
supported, and Libertine's friends eagerly
cobbled up the 4>£ to 1 offered against the
big bay. "The Wheel" was steady at
fours throughout the betting. When the
quartet was dispatched, following his
usual custom, Macklin on Libertine set
sail for the lead, but Narvaez on the favor
ite did not intend to lose him, and soon
had his mount at the crack miler's heels.
Vinctor began forging to the front as
the distance to the wire shortened, and at
the furlong pole had the footing on Liber
tine. Then it seemed as though Narvaez
grew just a trifle over-confident, for Mack
lin, next the rail, suddenly shot Libertine
up to equal terms with Vinctor, and from
the entrance to the saddling paddock a
desperate drive took place, Vinctor get
ting past the mark first by a nose. Loben
gula put in a bold bid less than a furlong
from home, but McGlone used poor judg
ment when he endeavored to squeeze in
between the two leaders and was shut off,
finally finishing a good third.
Another quartet started in the Native
Sons' handicap, over a mile and seventy
yards. Ruinart opened an even money
chance, the books later lengthening this
out to 7 to 5 from force of the coin that
went in on Installation, cutting his odds
from twos to 8 to 5. Grady and Arnette
also came in for quite extemive backing
at more juicy prices. To the far turn the
order was Arnette, Urady, Ruinart and
the second choice. ' Soon after, Freeman,
on Ruinart, apparently satisfied that he
had the two leaders beaten, took his
mount back and let lostallator have third
position. Below the furlong pole he let
out a wrap on Ruinart, and the brown colt,
taking command of things, won galloping
from Grady, in 1:40^, with Installator
third. The latter horse should run better
next time out.
'BCUMABIKS.
Five furlongs; selling; for two-year-olds; pane
f350.
El Primero stable's br. f. Fleur de Lis, 107. by
Imp. Maxlm-Kleurette (Macklin), 7 to 10 1
l'utblo stable's b. f. Uolore, 10^, by Wildidle-
Bosette (i'isgott), 5 to 1 2
C. F. Banders <fc Ca's eh. c. Alazan, 99, by
Racine-Tearless (Hazlett), 80 to 1 3
Time, 1:01%.
Torpedo, Baclna, sepoy, Meg Merrllles, Link
Boy and Amelia S also ran.
Seven and a half furlongs: selling; purse 9400.
Elmwood stoclc farm's b. n. Nebuchadnezzar, 98,
by imp. Brutus-Oypsette (McClain), 4 to 1 1
P. trelbentbaler'sch. m. Seaside, 98, by imp. Mari
ner- Marl ;i (Martin), 12 to 1 ". 2
J. C. Humphrey's eh. m. Chartreuse 11, 100, by
Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zara (Frawlev), 3 to 5 3
Time, 1:341/!.
Howard, Hummel, Jack Richelieu and Miss Ban
also ran.
Hx fnrlongs, the Ladles' stake, for three-year
olds; value 9690.
Xl trimero stable's eh. a Caliente, 94, by El Rio
Rey-Hattie Humphrey (Butler), 2 to 1 1
Shaner & Burlingame's b. f. Miss Pollard, 91, by
imp. Idalium, by Kyrla Daly (Shepard),
10 to 1 2
A. B. deckels' b. f. Lucille, 64, by St. feaviour-
Saraonyx (Isom), 12tol 3
Time, 1 :145, i.
Peixotto, Torsion, Perhaps, Nabopolasaar,
ileartease, Con Koto and Van Dunk also ran.
Oneml'.e; special: purse $600.
Elmwood stock farm's h. h. Vrnctor, 118, by
imp. Brutus-Mollie H (Narvaez), 4 to 6 1
J. G. Brown A Cc'sb. h. .Libertine, 11 6, by Leon
atus-lalalse (Macklin), 4^ t01... 2
G. B. Morris <fe Co.'s br. h. Lobengula, IX2. by
Hudson-Zulu (McUlone), 3 tol S
Time, 1:41.
Wheel of Fortune also ran.
one mile and seventy yards, Native Sons' han
dicap; purse, $500.
George Kosss br. c. Ruinart, 112, by St. Carlo-
Queen Alta (Freeman), 7 to 5 1
Owens Bro*.' b. c Grndy, 93, by Three Cheen
(ioldCup (Cole), 6 to 1 2
Elmwood stock farm's b. h. Installator, 118, by
imp. Brutus-Installation (Narvaez), 8 to 5... S
Time, 1:4614-
Arnette also ran.
Following are to-morrow's entries:
First race, five and a hall furlongs; two
year-old handicap — Miss Maggie M 97, How
ard S 115, Installatrix 107, HaUelujah 112.
Second race, one mile handicap— Grady 93,
Olive 103, Sabilla 85, Instigator 105.
Third race, three-quarters oi a mile; Misses'
stake; three-year-old fillies; handicap — Coda
99, Lucille 90, Clara Johnson 92, Me Neo 97,
Tor6ina 117, Cheripe 95, Myrtle H 97.
Fourth race, five furlongs; Sunny Slope
stakes; two-year-old fillies— February 105,
Dura 110, Tea Rose 105, Catherine I 95, Gran
dezia 105.
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile; sell
ing—Mirambo 103, Artlcus 107. Tuxedo 107,
Jack Richelieu 107, Claudius 111, Long Lady
94, Two Cheers 107, Rebellion 97, Sunrise II
96, Broad Billow 97, Malo Diablo 107.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CI.UBS.
Won. Lost. L™
Baltimore
Cleveland
Cincinnati
Chicago.
Boston
Piueburg,
New York
Philadelphia
Brooklyn. ,
Washington
Ht. Louis.
J^oulsvlile
84
73
72
68
67
62
69
67
54
61
36
30
34 .712
45 .618
45 .61 C
53 .662
54 .652
65 .5-0
62 .488
62 .478
H4 .457
07 .438
85 .897
87 .267
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. 10.— Inability to
bunch hits on Wallace lost St. Louis to-day's
I game with Cleveland. The little twirler had the
' Browns at nis mercy until the eighth, when he
! went up in the air and St. Louis corralled two
I runs before he came down again. Breitensteln
pitched a superb game, keeping Cleveland's
hits well scattered, cut he received poor sup
port at critical stages. Attendance, 1200.
Score: Clevelands, 6, 8, 1; St. Louis, 2, 11, 2.
Batteries — Wallace and Zimmer; Breitensteln
and Murphy. Umpire — Emslie.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 10.— To-day's game
was a pitchers' battle. Holmes batted for Her
man in the ninth inning and brought in the
winning run with a hir to right field. Attend
ance, 1200. Score: Loulsvilies, 8, 9, 4; Cin
cinnatis, 2, 8, 4. Batteries— Herman and Dex
ter; Dwyer and Vaughn. Umpires— Eliret and
I Miller.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 10.— Pittsburg suf
fered a shut-out at the hands of Chicago to
| day, the local players being unable to hit
Friend's delivery. The work of Everett in
left and Lance in center was a feature of the
game. The former also did some magnificent
base running. Some fault was found with
Sheridan's umpiring, but Pittsburg was
clearly outplayed at all points. Attendance
1500. Score: Pittsburgs— o, 3, 3. Chicaeos—
2, H, 4. Batteries — Hawley and Merritt,
Friend and Donahue. Umpire — Sheridan.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— The New
Yorks easily disposed of the Bobtons again to
day. They hii Nichols almost at will and
scored until the game was a farce. Weather
clear and warm. Score: New Yorks— l2, l7,
0. Bostons— 3, lo, 3. Batteries— Meekin and
Wilson, Nichols and Bergen. Umpires—Hen
derson and CampbelL
•BALTIMORE. Md., Sep. 10.— The champions
pounded Payne out of the box in the sixth
inning. Stein could not stop the cannonading
and he was very Indifferently supported. Don
nelly's all-round work and Griffin's two catches
were gilt edged. Attendance 1952. Score:
Baltlmores— l4, 18, 2; Brooklyns— s, 12, 6.
Batteries— Pond and Robinson; Payne, Stein
and German. Umpire— Hurst.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sep. 10.— Lush's field
ing was the feature of to-day's game. He
caught Cross at the plate on a marvelous
throw after capturing Connolly's fly on a run.
He also made a great eaten of La Joies* foul in
the second. Delehanty was put out of the
game in the last hall of the Washington's
seventh. He questioned one of Lynch's de
cisions in his characteristic manner. Gler took
his place. Attendance 2300. Score : Washing
tons—6, 11, 1; Philadelphias— 4. 7, 0. Batter
ies — Me James and McGuire; Taylor and Grady.
Umpire— Lynch.
Fleck's Long Side
CHICAGO, 111., Bept. 10.— Aubert Fleck,
a cyclist of Germany, is in the city. He
says he is making a tour of the world on a
wager of $6000, put up by the Hanover
Bicycle Club, to ride 90,000 miles in four
years. He asserts he started from Hanover
April 2, and Las since ridden 7000 miles.
Mr. Fleck is already thirty-seven days
ahead of his scheduled time, and is con
fident of covering the 90,000 miles in a
much shorter time than four years. He
will leave for San Francisco on next Mon
day in company witti Gustav Boerner.
From San Francisco Fleck will go to South
America, thence to Australia, and from
there to India and Africa and back to
Germany. He is making a leisurely trip,
and allows himself a two months' rest on
each continent.
Portland, linciug.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 10.— Free gales
at Irvington to-day brought out a mob of
people and the bettins was lively. The
pacing event was cailed off after three
heats had been negotiated, and a wrangle
ensued. Summaries:
Five furlongs, Tampa won, Mt. Roy sec
ond, Groyer third. Time, 1:03)4,
One mile, Goldbug won, Model second,
Billy McCloskey third. Time, 1:45}.^.
Half mile, Loretta won, La Belle B sec
ond, La France third. Time. :51.
fall Meeting at Santa Rosa t
EACRAMENTO.CaI,, Sept. 10.— The di
rectors of the Pacific Coast Trotting-horse
Breeders' Ag ociation met here yesterday
and decided to hold the fali meeting, begin
ning November 14, at Santa Rosa. That
enterprising town held out good induce
ments to the horsemen, and success is al
ready prophesied for the meet.
Alameda County Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Bept 10. — Active
preparations are beinc made for the enter
tainment of the coming Republican
County Convention, which will be held in
this city on Monday, September 21, begin
ning at 10 o'clock. A meeting of those
interested was held to-night and the
matter inlormally talked over.
If the present plan 3 are carried out
Linderman's Opera-house will be used as
the place of meeting, it is large, com
modious and has plenty of rooms in which
the various committees can meet. In ihis
it has an advantage ever Armory Hall,
which makes it a mucn more preferable
place.
C. J. Fletter, member of the County
Central Committee from this district, is in
charge of the arrangements, and expects
to have everything in the best of shape
for the visitors. It is expected that the
work of the convention can be easily ac
complished by 4 o'clock, and then the
delegates can be taken over to inspect the
new city butlding and the electric hunt
plant, two things of which every Ala
niedan is proud. Special attention will
be paid to the press representatives, and
every convenience possible provided for
their accommodation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
WORK AND PLAY
AT PALO ALTO
The University Is Filled to
Its Capacity With
Students.
A COURSE OF LECTURES.
Professor Powers to Handle the
Subject of Practical
Politics.
ACTIVIIY AMONG ATHLETES.
Many New Candidates for Football
Honors— Musical Clubs Are
Reorganizing.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
10.— The registration of the university
now numbers 908— a very creditable gain
over last year at the same date. Dr. Elliott,
the registrar, says that a registration of
fIOO for the year will be about the mark in
his opinion. Until the estate yields a
greater revenue, permitting the erection of
new structures and increasing laboratory
and classroom facilities, this is the
capacity of the university, and the num
ber of Stanford students will be limited
until that time.
The course offered by Professor Powers
in practical politics seems to be a most
popular one. Fully 300 students are plan
ning to take it Professor Powers in out
lining the course says that he will devote
most of the time to an examination of the
phases of the present campaign as they
arise, and a discussion of the causes lead
ing up to the financial problem. Several
of the campaign orators will deliver ad
dresses to the students of the class, and
altogether the course is to be made as in
teresting and up to date as possible.
All the student organizations are rap
idly getting into running order. Last year
the musical organizations of the university
bad a most successful season, though
financially the long trips were a failure,
This year there is promise of greater com*
petition for places than ever before in the
Mandolin Club, Glee Club, Banjo Club and
orchestra. The Mandolin Club is the first
to get under way, with W. Brittle Wells
as director. Mr. Wells says that there are
over twenty candidates this year for the
club where there were but ten last year,
and some of the new applicants are musi
ciansof merit.
Director Wells is planning to have his
aggregation make weekly trips to neigh
boring towns — Santa Cruz, Salinas, Mon
terey and San Jose being in the list— and
during the Christmas holidaya the club
may make a trip to Portland and the
Northwest, from which section some very
flattering offers have been made.
The orchestra is planning to reorganize,
and talk of organizing a big Stanford band
is rife. Altogether the prospects are
bright for musical clubs.
Captain Fjckert had his men oat on the
field for an hour this evening, after which
he led them for a mile over the country on
a run. Many new players were out, and
there is certainly no reason why the fiesh
men should not send out a first-rate team
against their Berkeley opponents. The
freshmen intercollegiate game will un
doubtedly take place, so Football Mana
ger Brown says, but the date is yet uncer
tain. Following is a complete list of the
new men up to date and something con
cerning them:
Madden, who played such a fine end on
the Olympic team last year, will try for
that position here this season. He weighs
180 pounds. He is a speedy runner and
sure tackier.
Buntin, a new candidate for guard or
center, is a 200-pounder, who played those
positions on the Orchard Lake team,
which last year met and made a fine
showing against the Michigan University
boys and the Chicago University eleven.
Freeman, the Stanford tennischampion
and a second-year man, is out for football
honors this year. He is a candidate for
fullback and is a good punter. His weight
is 170 pounds.
W. H. Boper '98 is another candidate for
fullback, and at present the finest punter
on the gridiron. Soper made the position
of Kubfuil on the Varsity two years ago,
and Campbell had great faith in his abil
ity to kick, but was less sure of his tackling.
He weigns 170 pounds.
Lanegan, last year's fullback in the
Denver High School eleven, is tryine for
that place here. His weight is 165 pounds.
Diegler is still another candidate for
full, but may go to end or half. He is a
strongly built fellow and played a good
fullback last year for the Palo Alto High
School. His weight is 160 pounds.
Hall 1900. of Placer County, has aspira
tions, and will try for fullback or tackle.
His weight is 167 pounds, and in practice
he punts and drop-kicks very well.
Balleutineof Portland University played
guard last year for his college against the
Butte team, and made a very favorable
showing, though his weight is but 160
pounds. He is trying for end here. Bal
lentine holds a record of 10 feet as a pole
vaulter.
Rusk ia another big man from the
north. He weighs 165 pounds, and is said
to play a fine tackle. He will try for that
place here.
Murphy of Willamette University
played quarterback last year for his uni
versity and made a record for himself.
He weighs 150 pounds. Murphy is a
hurdler, bicyclist and baseball player of
much promise.
Daly of San Jose played with the Stock
ton Athletic Club team and will try for
end here. His weight is 165 pounds.
Nourse of Santa Ana weighs 145 pounds
and is said to have played an excellent
quarter in his borne team. He will try
for quarter her*.
White, a 150-pound man, will try for
end. His previous experience was with
the Tacoma High School team.
Sollie Wilbur '99, the shot-putter, is a
candidate for center or guard. His weight
is 200 pounds.
The interclass garnet will occur on the
19th, 23d and 28th Insts.
SANTA ROSA SUIT.
A Case recalling th* Murder of Blind
Nancy Merit/ her.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 10.— A com
plaint was tiled in the Superior Court here
to-day that brings to mind the murder of
blind Nancy Meaner and the prominent
part taKen in the tragedy by the Bryan
family. The plaintiff in the action com
menced to-day is W. J. Bryan, and the de
fendants are . Elizabeth J. Bryan, his
mother. J. L. Winans, Nancy J. Crane and
Sheriff Allen. The property in dispute ad
joins the scene of the celebrated murder
and the plaintiff and his mother were the
defendants in the trial. Plaintiff alleges
that his mother, became greatly indebted
to Winans, who worked upon her fears and
prejudices to cause her to file fraudulent
evidences of indebtedness against the es
tate of his deceased father while acting as
administratrix; that by reason of this al
leged indebtedness theestate of 100 acres
was sold, Winans becoming the purchaser;
that Winans mortgaged the property to
M. D. Goshen and that Goshen was a party
to the fraud, ana that Goshen assigned
the mortgage to Nancy J. Crane, who fore
closed the mortgage.
Plaintiff alleges that the estate was pro
bated in 1883 anrl the power of the admin
istratrix then ceased, but that the sale to
Winans was not effected until 1891. Plain
tiff asks the Court to set aside the decree
of sale and to restrain Nancy J. Crane and
Sheriff Allen from further proceedings in
the line of foreclosure or sale under the
mortgage.
ARDELL'S TRIAL AT VISALIA.
Five Jurors Accepted and Sworn — Genera/
Kittrell Is Confident of Securing
an Acquittal.
VIS ALIA, Cal., Sept 10.— Last evening
the general impression was that Charles
Ardell, charged with train-robbing, would
be allowed to plead guilty to the lesser
charge of "assault with a deadly weapon,"
but on the arrival of General J. R. Kit
trell, Ardell's attorney, any and all bucli
proceedings were knocked out by the old
general declaring that he was here to de
fend his client, not to compromise.
Many stories are afloat in reference to
the confession of Si Lovren. Captain Afer
ritt admits that Lovren made a statement,
but is not willing to divulge its nature,
and is displeased that there was a leak.
Eighty-nine out of 100 talesmen reported
this morning. A great many of the main
witnesses for the defense have not arrived,
and rumor has it that tbey will not, owing
to the arrest of Frank Davenport
The courtroom was not crowded to-day,
as in the Lovren case, and very little
interest was taken. The defendant wears
a confident look and has great faith in E.
O. Miller, who has been added as associate
counsel to his cause.
Five jurors were accepted and sworn in
to-day, viz.: C. M. Coe, farmer, Tulare;
John Ewing, stockraiser, Big Oak Flat; J.
R. Blankenship, stockraiser. Tule River;
J. D. Vannery, farmer, Traver, and F. A.
Doty, owntr of stock corrals, Porterville.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Pingree System of Farming for
the Relief of the Poor to
Be Tried.
Vacant Lois Near the City Will Be
Solicited and Turned Into Vege
table Gardens.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 10.— The Asso
ciated Charities of this city will inaugurate
the Pingree system of farming to help
the many poor families wbo apply for aid.
The use of vacant lots and lands in or near
the city will be solicited and turned into
vegetable gardens. To each family ap
plying for help will be apportioned a
small piece of plowed land and the seed
furnished for planting. The system of
truck-farming was inaugurated by Mayor
Pingree of Detroit, where it proved a suc
cess.
TWO BARNS RUNNED.
The Disaster Caused by a Horse Kicking
Over a Lantern.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 10.— About 4:30
o'clock this moraine: a barn at the corner
of San Augustin and Autumn streets, oc
cupied by J. Kelley's woodyard, was de-,
stroyed by fire. It contained 115 tons of
bay and a lot of. harness. A barn adjoin
ing, belonging to Fred Volkers, containing
fifteen tons of hay, was also burned. Kel
ley's loss Is about $1500 and Volkers' $200.
The buildings belonged to Oscar Promis
and were iully insured. The fire was
caused by a horse kicking over a lantern.
The animal had become entangled in a
rope and Kelley had taken a lantern into
the barn to attend to it.
Letter- Carriers in Clover.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 10.— The letter
carriers of this city are jubilant over the
fact that they will soon receive nearly
$7000 due for overtime. This will be di
vided among some fifteen carriers in sums
ranging from $200 to $900 each. The money
is due under an aef 'passed iv 1888 limiting
the carriers' worK to eight hours a day,
and was obtained by a decision of the Su
preme Court in 189 L Prior to the passage
of the act the men had been working
twelve and eighteen hours a day, and it is
for thig work they will now be paid.
Temporary Insanity Caused by Drink.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 10.— Joe Plunkett
and Peter MarinoTich, who have been
held in the County Jail for the past week
awaiting an examination as to their san
ity, were released to-day by order of Judge
Lorigan. Both men's insanity was caused
by drink, and since their confinement in
jail they have fully recovered. Plunkett is
a farmer residing near Saratoga, Marino
vich has been employed about the city as
a cook.
Foresters' High Court Delegates.
SAN JOSifi, Cal., Sept. 10.— Court Ob
servatory, Independent Order of Foresters,
has elected the following delegates to the
High Court of the order, which meets at
the Hotel Vendome, in this city, on Octo
ber 13: S. F. Bennett, J. F. Blessing and
L. H. Hubback. J. S. McGinnis, W. B.
McCarley and D. V. Mahoney were elected
as alternates.
AMONG THE CYCLERS.
An Important Meeting of the Wheel-
men's Municipal League to Be
Held To-Night.
There will be a very important meet
ing of the Wheelmen's Municipal
League this evening at 441 Golden Gate
avenue at 8 o'clock. Final action will
then be taken in regard to the indorse
ment of the candidates the wheelmen wish
nominated. At 7 o'clock, an hour before
this meeting, the executive committee of
the league will meet at 130 Golden Gate
avenue.
Charles A. Wikid#»J, who promoted the
Pavilion and Central Park racing tourna
ments early this season, left for the East
last night and expects to make arrange
ments to bring back with him some speedy
professional riders for another indoor
tournament.
Messrs. Thiel and Peiser of the San
Francisco Road Club won first and second
places, respectively, in a three-mile scratch
race at Shell Mound Park Wednesday, on
the ten-lap track there. There were about
a dozen in the field, the race being run in
heats. Sunday, the road club will attend
the road races at San Rafael, eight of the
members being entered, namely: Frost,
Robison, Sittenheim, Fanning, Goodwin,
London, Farnsworth and Tbiei.
The San Rafael road races Sunday will
attract a great many wheelmen from this
City and Oakland, and the entry list,
which closed last night, is large. The
names are now in the hands of the handi
capperand his time allowances will proba
bly be au.nour.ced to-morrow.
Most of the racing men bave returned
from Stockton and San Jose, and from
what they sny it is evident Wednesday's
snort was the best seen on tne coast in
manydaye, though marred hy more than
the usual number of accidents, in which
some of the bruises sustained were pretty
severe. A broken collar-bone at the Peta
luma meet was the worst reported, how
ever.
FAMILY TRAGEDY
AT SANTA MONICA
Captain J. M. Morris Kills
William J. Kearz, His
Son-in-Law.
ACTS IN SELF-DEFEXSE
Kearz Had Been on a Protracted
Debauch and Threatened His
Wife's Life.
THE LATTER FLEES FOR SAFETY
In Pursuit the Husband Breaks Into
the Morris Residence and Is
Shot Dead.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Sept. 10.—Wil
liam J. Kearz was shot and instantly
killed by his father-in-law, Captain J. M.
Morris, at 6:SO o'clock to-night at the
residence of Captain Morris, on Fourth
street. Kearz had been on a debauch ever
since Bunday, and had repeatedly threat
ened his wife's and father-in-law's life,
his wife being compelled to flee from home
to her father's house for protection several
times recently.
Last Monday night Kearz followed her
and threatened her life with a carving
knife. Morris attempted to dissuade
Kearz from violence.
Kearz, however, persisted in annoying
his wife and her family, and the affair
culminated to-night in Kearz approaching
the family residence on Fourth street at
the rear door and forcing an entrance.
He was met by Captain Morris, who shot
him twice in the right breast with a
double-barreled shotgun. Kearz dropped
to the floor of the rear porch and expired
after a few gasps.
The remains were conveyed to Guidi
ner's undertaking parlors and the Coroner
is expected on a late electric-car.
Captain Morriß, being interviewed by a
Call 'reporter, expressed sorrow at the
step he had been obliged to take, but said
tnat his daughter's life was more precious
to him than anything else.
YANCOUVER INCENDIASISM.
A. Man Caught Firing His Own House
for the Insurance Money.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept 10.— A
young couple chatting on a doorstep at 11
o'clock the other night saw a man run
from a house and crouch in the shadow
across the road. Shortly after flames
burst out of the windows of the house.
An alarm was given and the lire extin
guished, when it was found that all the
furniture had been saturated with oil and
set fire to, while oil-saturated kinaling
was shoved into holes broken in the
plaster. D. Charters, living in the house,
was arrested and sent up for trial to-day
for burning the furniture and house ' for
the sake of insurance. The prosecutors
. HEW TO-DAT
TAILORS' SMiSALE!
$89,000 WORTH
MEN'S, BOYS 7 "!! CHILDREN'S
TAILOR-MADE CLOTHING!
SALE NOW GOING ON!
A Few Prices Which Tell the Tale of This
TERRIBLE SLAUGHTER.
MEN'S CLOTHING.
MEN'S ALL-WOOL BLACK AND BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS, all Fall '
'■ styles, well made, $7 value." Strike Sale... .. si m*
MEN S MELTON AND CASSIMERE PALL SUITS,' made in correct
style. Price was $10. Strike Sale 55.A7
MEN'S FINE BLACK, BLUE AND MIXED CASSIMERE and OHEV-
«rT,i°,?^ UITS< the ver - v late9t style cut. Regular price $12. Strike Sale 86.45
MEN'S FINE CASSIMERE AND WORSTED SUITS, all colors. Price
was $16. Strike Sale $9.07
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. =
CHILDREN'S. SCHOOL SUITS, ages 4to 15, now at ........... ©Sc
CHILDREN'S NOBBY $2.50 KNEE' PANTS SUITS, ages 4 to' 15
Strike Sale... * fti /«e
CHILDREN'S REGULAR $3.60 KNEE PANTS SUITS, in a great va-
riety of patterns, all size?. Strike Sale.. ' .. ft 1 ob
CHILDREN'S $5 KNEE PANTS SUITS, hundreds "to ' select* 'from
sizes 4to 15. Strike Sale... .#9.48
HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS. ==
MEN'S FANCY PILK NECKWEAR.....; " ... MM
MEN'S HEAVY SILK NECKWEAR in TeckV 'or' in Four-in-Hand
Latest Styles .. ' ' A _
MEN'S 10c HEAVY SOCKS. Strike Price" " : "" ; ■ **? c
MEN'S 25c SUSPENDERS. Patent Wire Buckle..;"..'.!""' * « c
MEN'S FINE DERBY AND FEDORA HATS, Fall Styles " «2«
50 dozen MEN'S UP-TO-DATE PERCALE SHIRTS; $L96"qua'iitv'
Strike Price - • ' H a l ' jr * _,
MEN'S $2.50 HATS, all Fall Styles.. ■■'.■.'■."',". ' '"•/SS 1
MEN'S 75c Half-Laundered NEGLIGEE SHlRTS, "Artistic" io
MEN'S $1.50 FALL FEDORA HATS. ■'" ratter os-.- £3c
MEN'S Heavy Cotton Natural Gray UNDERSHIRTS "dra'wfrb «2 c
300 dozen MEN'S 4-PLY LINEN COLLARS oaLßXa&na JJKAWERB *®c
200 dozen MEN'S LINEN CUFFS Cc
75 dozen MEN'S UNLAUNDERED SHißTs7former'Drice7s<L' C
BOYS' 75c FELT CRUSH HATS iormer price 7oc. *«, c
•-■■-■- -••••, • 30c
Summerfield's
iBIG STOREHZI
WITH THE TINY PRICES
924-930 Market Street
(OPPOSITE THE EMPORIUM),
SALE TO BE CONTINUED UNTIL
STOCK IS DISPOSED OF.
were the Caledonia Insurance Company.
The magistrate, in committing the ac
cused, said that without doubt Charters
had set fire tc his house for the insurance
money. Charters is a prominent citiaen,
well known in the province.
BARBECUE AT SANTA CRVZ.
Colonel Miles and Staff to Be Entertained
by the Citizens.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 10.—Ar
rangements are complete for the enter
tainment of the officers of the First In
fantry, camped here, at a barbecue and
bullshead breakfast in Isabel Park to
morrow at 1 o'clock. The invitation to
Colonel Miles and his officers is extended
by Mayor Clark, representing the city,
and Lieutenant-Governor Jeter the peo
ple generally.
Colonel Miles said to-day that the stay
of tho troops here had been very pleasant,
and he felt that the citizens had done
everything that could be asked and more.
Speaking from a military point, he said
the drills and field exercises had been en
tirely successful owing partly to the ex
cellent advantages offered.
To-day's field instruction was considered
tho problem of the defense of camp. The
demonstration was highly successful. The
demonstration was highly successful.
Next week the regiment wifl divide into
two commands, representing camp and
enemy, to solve the problem of defense.
Racing at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Bept. 10.—Novem
ber 14 has been fixed as the date for the
race meeting to be held here by the Pa
cific Coast Breeders' Association. There
will be six days of racing. This city has
agreed to furnish the track and grounds
free and give a bonus of $1000 to the asso
ciation. Good purses will be hung up and
the best horses on the coast will be pres
ent.
SANTA BARBARA RUNAWAY.
E. W. Hadley Has a Miraculous Us caps
Front Death.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 10.—
One of the narrowest escapes from death
that ever characterized a Santa Barbara
runaway occurred to-day, when E. W.
Hadley, a wealthy gentleman who is
erecting a handsome residence on Arling
ton Heights, lost control of his horse,
which dashed into the curb on the corner
of Santa Barbara and A/iapamu streets,
breaking a heavy electric- light post in
twain with such force as to shatter the
glass globe in a seventy-foot electric mast
a hundred feet distant, connected with the
post by a staying wire. Hadley was flung
against a square picket fence, shattering
two of the pickets with his head and
missing instant death by precisely one
inch, the next space being occupied by a
fence post. Happily his injuries were not
serious.
BROWNS VALLEY CASUALTI.
William Bradford Rilled by a Blast in a
Mine.
BROWNS VALLEY, Cal., Sept. 10.—
There was an accident at the Webb Com
pany's mine last night by which William
Bradford was killed and James Powers
was slightly injured. It seems that the
men were using quick-firing fuse and that
they Had only gone about seven feet when
the explosion occurred. Bradford was in
jured in the back and Bide, besides his
whole body being covered with fine punc
tures like bird shot. The men were taken
out as soon as possible, Bradford dying
about three hours after reaching the sur
face. Bradford leaves a widow and no
children. He had two cousins at Lodi,
where the remains have been taken to be
buried.
Suit to Collect a $3000 Note.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept 10.—
W. J. McLaughlin has instituted suit In
the Superior Court to collect a note for
i $3000 from William Daniels of Los Alamos.
Is the light that "will brine 'a" great bfe
glow of happiness to you. By it yon will
•cc how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan Is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Thit
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
tnat it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
T £ )Y , AN is purely vegetable. >,, .
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It Is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility. nervouCness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotenoy in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
ed7. • Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, duo to seri-
ous private disorders, Curries myriads of sors*
producing germs. Tuen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
tallln? n»ir. You can save a trip to Hoc Sprlnn
by using the great 30-day care. Call or write tot
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and £Uii SU.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■
OF THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
il iiz . CAPITAL. .'; . .
Amount of capital stock paid up In '-»• ■■>
cash ■l «8,200 00
ASSETS. '
Real estate owned by company .... 15,797,664 96
Loans on bonds ana mortgages .... 8,348,087 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 29,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge . .
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as c011atera1....... 3,818,481 54
Cash In banks. , 8,165,700 40
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ( .,,.,.
Interest due and accrued on bonds f *«|OIO7B
and mortgages .'...■. j- •■
Premiums In due course of collec- .
tion 1,640,774 03
Rents due and accrued. .;.„...'.... r. ■ 1,745 27
Due from other companies for re- - . ' .•
./-insurance on losses already natd. - 1,106 91
Annuities, life and reversionary In- . . ' .
terests ' purchased by the com- • . "
pany 1,882,896 31
Total asset* »&3,047.8iq 69
i ; LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid "1
Losses in process of adjustment
or in suspense y $728,085 00
Losses resisted, Including ex- |
penses ;.........■ j • ■
Gross premiums on fire risks run-,
ning one year or less, $5,842,-
-022 75; reinsurance 50 per oent . 2,921,011 88
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
nine more than one year, 84,576,-
-000 71: reinsurance pro rata 2,858,101 SS
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance pol-
icies ....:......:.... ...... .......... 881,21581
Liability under life department.... 29,884,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056 00
All other demands against the '• "
company 849,783 02
Total liabilities $36,531. 68
INCOME.
Net cash actually received . for fire
premiums ...........; $8,015,492 21
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 944,668 46
Toial Income $8,960,155 67
: EXPENDITURES."^ '.l-S'
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5..... $4,891,261 42
Dividends to stockholders 1,288,889 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
br0kerage.............. 1,208,977 52
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, rtc 616,707 12
Paid for State, .National and local
taxes. 151,61079
All other payments and expendi-
i tures 602,079 90
Total expenditure 5.............. 98,254,462 75
. . FIRE. * ' /. ■ . . . .
Losses Incurred during the year $4,391,268 42
■^Vf'.i'jj-.v V." - • • •
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during • ■ .
the year $2,289,415,250 $11,334,540 99
Net amount of risks
expired during
the year 2.344,242,285 11,874,25660
Net amount In
force 'December
31,1895 2,027,508,105 10,418,028 46
J. M.DOVE, Manager, i
T. L ALSOP, Sub-Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day
of April, 1898. ~ W. J. 6TJLIS,
Vice and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager. -
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
fTIREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
■L of Ban Francisco, September 2, 1396.
Holders of pom-street Bonds Issued under an
. act of the state .Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Dupont Street, In the
City of San Francisco." adopted March 23, 18 /6,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
1 Bonda. as provided by Section 13 of said act, at ha
I office in the new City Hall. San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUKSDAY, September 15,1899.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds for payment, less
coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
-8 Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-si reet Bond». city ■
OOSMOI»OIjIT A.IW.
I .Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sao
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In
1 the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day according to room. .Meals 25c. Rooms 800
and 75c a day. . Free coach to and from tho hotel,
1 look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan HoteL WM. fc'AHKV, Proprietor.
! Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE OAMIA.NA Ui X I'i-.iL-J, I' U.di
grew Mexican .Bemedy: cIT<H U*uut **4
busasm 10 Ui« iaexuwU Organ*
. » . . .WINTHROP TELLS
HISS STORY
But Leaves It Still Befogged
With Much Mys
tery.
THE AUDIENCE LAUGHED
He Admits That He Acc.mpa
nied Campbell to the
Cottage.
A VERY QUEEB NARRATIVE.
The Wife and the Son of the Prisoner
Also Take tbe Witness*
Stand.
Oliver W. Winthrop went on the wit
ness-stand in his own defense yasterday,
and the story he told by way of proving
his innocence of the grave charge against
him caused the crowd that filled the
courtroom to repeatedly break into
laughter — so gauzy did it appear. His
wife and his son preceded him, and
the wife, resuming her seat, all the time
her nusoand was testifying sat with a
paper screening her face.
Campbell, the prosecuting witness, sat
for much of tue time back of the Prosecut
ing Attorney, now smiling at the story
and again with eyes closed and looking
weary to a degree.
The prosecution had closed, and it was
expected that the prisoner's counsel,
Frank Bell, would make a statement of
the line oi the defense, but he did not.
H. G. Allen, ticket agent of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, was called as the
first witness lor tne defense. He testified
that James Campbell called on him on
August 3, an<i bought a ticket for Hono
lulu, paying $50; it was a little after noon,
he said.
I. H. Carelo of 1703 Webster street testi
fied that he saw Wintbrop that same night
about 9 o'clock at Steiner and Geary
streets, and had a conversation with him.
Winthrop came from the direction of Geary
street, he said.
James Spanton testified that he met
Winthrop at Turn Verein Hall on Eight
eenth street a few minutes after 9 o'clock
the same night. They were together more
than an hour and rode downtown to
gether. Winthrop, he thought, left the
car at Gough street aboui 10:30 p. M.
Detective Cody went on the stand again
and described the money that he found
in the purse whic:- was" found on Win
throp. Mr. Barnes put twelve $20 pieces,
one $10 piece, two half dollars and other
small pieces in the purse and at his re
quest Cody counted them.
George Jr\ Phelps, who is thought to be
the mysterious"Pete," then took the stand.
He is a machinist, and lives at 2514 Laguna
street. He knows Winthrop, ana met him
on August 3 at California and Drumm
streets. He also saw him on Tuesday
night; they attended a meeting together.
Alter the adjournment, they walked down
to the Examiner office. They separated,
he said, at about 11 o'ciock, the witness
going home. His face was clean shaven,
and Winthrop, he said, remarked as to the
change it made in his appearance, and
Baid that he intended to shave off his own
mustache in a day or so.
Joseph t\ Nounan of 2111 Stockton
itreet was at the meeting in Shiels Hall
an the Tuesday evening that Winthrop
attended. He accompanied Fhelps and
the defendant in their walk after the meet
ing.
John G. Maloney, an ex-police officer,
who occupies the house next to the Dun
ton cottage on California street, remem
bered the night of August 3. He heard no
sounds of pistol shots or any other dis
turbance. His wife testified also that the
only noise she heard was that of chopping
wooa in the cellar.
A number of persons followed one
another testifying that they had seen
Winthrop at one place or another during
tbe 3d, 4th and sth of August.
The afternoon session began with tbe
wife of the defendant, Mrs. Josephine
Winthrop, on tbe stand. She said they
had been married about fifteen years and
that they had resided in this City ten
years.
"What time did your husband leave
home on the morning of August 3?" asked
Air. BelL
"A little before 9."
••When did you see him again ?"
"About 6 o'clock."
"What did he do?"
"When he came in he went downstairs a
■while; then he came up and asked il the din
ner was ready. I said, 'Not yei 1 ' and then he
ventouiio g«t some tobacio and fruit. He
•wa« goue about fifteen minutes, when he came
back and ate b;s supper. After supper be
asked me to get him some rituals irom the
drawer, as he was «oing out. Then fee kissed
rue go<.d evening and went. I went out afier
he had gone."
"When d.d you no out?"
"A* out 8."
"And returned?"
•■About a qnaner of 10."
'•Wnen dia your husband return T"
"About hall-past li. i bad retired when he
can-.e in. 1 read a book for a while, and then
1 thought I'd gel inio 6ed and read It. We
waui d 10 real the book together, and so 1
told him to hurry up and get into bed and I'd
rend it to him. I read till 1 was tireu, and my
husband had none to Sieep. 1 read on till 2
o'clock, when I fell asleep. I woke up at 5
o'ciock ;my husband was still in bed. He got
up about G o'clock, made the fire and woke up
the ch'loren and then came back to bed. I
got u;< shortly after 7 o'clock and my husband
lay in bed till after 9 o'clock.
•'He had breskinst with me and left the
houie aL>uut io u'clcck."
■•When d.d you next see him?"
"became in about 4 o'clock In the after
noon and read a book to me. I think he re
mained home till supper. We had supper at 6,
and my husband leit the house between 7
and 8."
'Wnen he left the house Tuesday morning
how was iie drrss-d?"
■ He nad tt tiaru, rough suit of clothes and a
blcclc ha ."
"And -vhen he went out after supper how
was lie diessed?"
"He had on dark clothes. I don't know
what kind oi hat he had on."
••Wtten did he return ou Tuesday night?"
"Some time after D o'clock."
••Ai.d remained in the balance of the even-
Ing?"
'■Yes."
"Wasn't It a little after 9?"
"It may have b«en."
"ma you pass the night together?"
'•Ye?. r '
"You never told any one that he had not
patted the ulgh; at h >me?"
".No. If any one says so it's a lie."
The witness .-aid her husband returned
1 orue on Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock.
Thy hrst thing ne did was to shave off his
niustache, ari operation in whicli the wit
ness assisted him. Then they went out
toecther.
The little son of Winthrop took the
stand and corroborated bis mother in
several points, but added nothing new.
Then Winthrop himself was called and
the interes. that had been growing for
some time became intense. This is the
Story that he told :
Oil July 31 at 1:30 in the aiternoon he
went to ban Jose on some business, chief
of which W&? to purchase a lot in a ceme
tery ai;d to do some canvassing for a
fiiend who was a candidate for Congress
in the Fifth Congressional District. At
the Vendome Hotel Ue saw James Camp
bell.
Tiie witness missed tne train that after
nnon and wait' d up, taking the train at |
4:30 the next moraine. He came to town j
that day and later met Urquhart at the j
Occidental Hotel. The latter asked nim
to come upstairs and he would introduce
h m to Campbell. They went up together,
Urquhart pointing out Campbell, who was
seated on a sofa near the eievator with his
wife. Winthrop spoke to Campbell and
remained in conversation some time, Ur
mihart having withdrawn. After a while
Campbell asked Winthrop to go down
stair*, saying that he was "ready to go
out there" with him, and that he,*Carr.p
bell, wouid follow him downstairs in ten
minutes.
They went down Montgomery street
toward California, stopped in a saloon
near the corner and took a drink; then
they proceeded to Sacramento street and
took a car to Second avenue. They
walked back to the cottage at 4109 Cali
fornia street. They went up the steps,
Winthrop leading. Campbell immediately
behind. Campbell told him to rintr the
bell and he did so. It was answered by a
lady who wore a hat and a veil, so that he
was unable to get a good look at her. and
he would not now be able to recog
nize her. She invited them in and then
retired, leaving them alone together in the
parlor.
Tnere was a bottle of whisky on a table
and they both drank from it. They con
versed for some time, when Campbell
said: "I am going to stay; come back for
me later."
Wintbrop went out, and by a circuitous
route got back to bis own home at 314
Grove street. He bad dinner, and in >he
evening took a car out to the cottage
again. Arrived there, he found the house
lit up and evident sign* of merry-making
within.
He rang the bell, but received no re
sponse. He rang again and again, but no
answer came. Thinking be was not wanted
he took the car again, and went to a
secret meeting at Seventeenth and Mis
sion streets. He went nome after the
meeting and remained all night.
Next morning he went to town, and
visited a number of places which he men
tioned in detail; bought a coat for $2 50 j
at a fire sale, and took the messenger boy
home with him to pay for it. His wife
was away, hut he found a $5 bill in her '
little treasury, which he took to the corner
grocery and got changed and paid the
boy.
That evening he attended another
lodge meeting in the S'iels building and
went to th-- Examiner office with his two
friends as they described.
At this point in his narrative court ad
journed. The witness will resume his
story in the morning. Frequently, as
stated, the witness' story was interrupted
by the laughter of the audience, and the
bailiff, during the ear.ier part of it, was
more than once called upon to rap for
order. The mystery of why they went to I
the California-street house, whyCampbell
himself should su.-gest going tl ere and
afterward remain alone, bedid not explain.
A VETERAN ASSOCIATION.
Organization Effected by Charter
Members of the Army and Navy
Republican League.
About fifty of the original charter mem
bers who organized the Army and Navy
Republican League about seventeen years
ago, met together last evening at the
Marye building. City Hall avenue, for the
purpose of organizing a Republican
veteran organization to participate in the
present campaign and assist to elect Com
rade William McKinley as President of the
United States.
Among the old soldiers present were:
D. M. Casliri, past commander Army and
Navy League; C. M. Leary, past inspector
general Army and Navy League; C. D.
Douglass, past adjutant-general Army and i
Navy League; General E. S. Salomon, j
past state commander Army and Navy |
League; D. W. McNeil, late State Secre- j
tary Republican League of California; M. !
Murray, Commander Harrison Camp No. j
1, Army and Navy Leaeue ; Jerome Deaaey, i
pastcouncilor of administration. Army and !
Navy League; W. B. Main, C. K. John
ston, Thomas Mallon, J. A. Clarke, C. A.
Fuller of San Jose, C. B. Grass of Oakland,
W. J. Scanlan of Sacramento, James
Dougherty, W. A. Loomis and other old
time veterans.
It was decided that the name of the
organization will be the Republican Vet
eran Association, whose membership
shall be composed of houorably dis
charged soldiers and sailors who served j
in the late C'vil War, with th-ir sons, who
may be qualified voters; also that all j
honorably discharged soldiers, sailors and j
marines who may have served at any time {
in the army or navy of the United States, !
with their sons, shall be eligible to mem
bership in the association.
The following persons were selected to
act for the present as temporary officers,
or until a permanent organization is
made: D. M. Caslii«, president pro tern; I
D. W. McNeill, secretary; M. Murray,
treasurer; T. Mallon, marshal; executive
committee— General E. S. Salomon. Je
rome Deasey, W. B. Main. C. M. Leavy,
C. B. Grass, C. A Fuller, C. D. Douglass.
The chairman appointed a committee
on by-laws and permanent organization,
and also a committee on permanent head
quarters and place of meeting.
Remarks were made by the members
present on the live issues of the campaign
— protection and sound money. A cor
dial invitation la extended to ail veterans
who will vote the Republican National
ticket to come forward and sign the roll of
membership of the association.
At the next meeting, which will be an
nounced as soon as arrangements are
made lor Headquarters, a programme of
speaking, music and general entertain
ment will be presented for the edification
of all who may attend. A campfire dur
ing the campaign wUI be one of the future
events of tbe organization.
•
IN SONOMA.
The Situation as Seen by Ex-Sen
ator Ragrsdale.
Ex-Senator J. W. Ragsdale of Santa
Rosa was in this City yesterday and gave
a flattering report of Republican prospects
there. He said that for every Republican
in Sonoma County who bolted the party
t here were two or three Democrats to take
his place. He told of a straw vote token
by a thrashing crew oi eighteen men.
They were all McKmley men.
The ranks of the Republican party have
been strengthened by a large nnmberof
ex-Republicans who had gone over to the
Populists and who have returned to their
first love. They objected to being bound
band and foot and sold body and soul by
Cator and Wardall to the Democracy,
which has no use for Populists except for
tneir votes.
The people of Sonoma County have
never before shown so much interest in
politics as they are doing now, especially
in the issues of protection and the cur- j
rency.
Many who were at first inclined to get j
wild on the question of free coinage have,
aficr studying the subject, been convinced
that protection of home products is of I
more importance for the people of this
coast than any other issue.
The Republican meetings in Sonoma
County have been well attended and have
been marked by more than ordinary en- '
thusiasm.
Mr. Kapsdale predicted that Sonoma
County would roll up a nandsome major
ity for protection and home rule.
■ " » — :
GERMAN-AMERICANS.
The Blar Republican Club Will
Meet This Even- ' •
Ing.
The German-American Republican Club
will hold its regular meeting to-night at
413 Bush street. The meetings have been
always well attended; in fact, the hail has
been overcrowd* d. .An exceptionally tine
programme has been arranged. The
principal speaker of the evening will be
Dr. H.Muhro; Oakland. • "
Tue G?rmans are signing- the club hats
freely, and it can boast of as large a mem
bers dip as any other political club in the
City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
POISON WHS IN
ALL THE CANDIES
Mary McDowell Was a
Very Determined
Suicide.
TWO PATHS TO DEATH.
Failing to Be Drowned She
Then Used a Deadly
Drug.
RESULT OF AN ANALYSIS.
Failure of the Victim to Conceal Her
Identity by Taking a
False Name.
The mystery concerning the death of
the young woman who jumped into the
bay Wednesday and who said that she
was Harmona Wells seems to be in a fair
way to be cleared up. Being rescued from
tne water by two boatmen, she was taken
to the Receiving Hospital. On the way
she ate chocolate creams from a bag. Sue
died at the Receiving Hospital a few hours
later. There were some chocolate creams
in the bag remaining;, and these were
handed to Dr. diaries G. Morgan, physi
cian and chemist, whose office is at the cor
ner of Sixth and Harrison streets, to ana
lyze. He has reported to the Coroner that
the chocolate creams were poisoned. In
the ha* with the candy was a white pow
der which is proved to be arsenic. The
woman evidently intended first to commit
suicide by drowning, but probably bad
previously eaten some of the chocolate
creams. She leaped overboard in what
seemed to be deep water near Meiggs
wharf, but the tide was very low and sue
was pulled oat by the two boatmen, Nes
bit and Hennessey.
The story which Joseph Nesbit, the
boatman, told to the Coroner yesterday
throws some light on the affair. He heard
the woman scream for help after she
jumped into the bay. He noticed after
he had rescued her with the assist
ance of Hennes>>y that the bag with
chocolate creams in it was open
on the wharf. The woman said nothing
excepting that she could not Bee. At tne
Receiving Hospital she said that she had
no cause to wish ;• live.
Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. John Luttell of
Linden street, Oakland, positively iden
tified tne body. The woman was Miss j
Mary McDowell. She came from the East i
and has been living in Pitiville, this State, {
with her aunt, Mrs. James Sncli. Mr. and
Mrs. Lutteli met Mary McDowell on the
cars on the way to this City, September 1,
and lett her at bixieenih street, Oakland. I
She came at once to this City and went to
tiie New Western Hoiel, where she regis- 1
tered, giving her address as Dcs Moines,
lowa. She remained at the New Western
Hotel until about 4:30 Tuesday afternoon.
Where she went Tuesday night is a
question. There is also a question con
cerning the disappearance of certain ar
ticles which she is supposed to have car
ried with her when she left the New
Western Hotel. The missing articles are
a lady's gold watch upon which her
monogram was engraved, a diary in
whir h she had entered an account of her
movements in this City, and a brown
leather satchel. James Mayles, a bell
boy at the New Western Hotel, called at
the Morgus yesterday and added bis
identification o. the body to that pre
viously made by Mr. and Mrs. LuttelL
Mrs. H. Hall, who is employed in the
New Western Hotel, fnrnishes some in
teresting fact-. She says that when Miss
McDowell came to the hotel sue gave
sigui of being careless about her valuables
the first day that she was there.
Sue went out, leaving the key in her
door, ana was gone some time. Her
watch and a purse containing what
seemed to be a considerable sum of money
were found by Mrs. Hall in Miss McDow
ell's room on a table on that occasion. At
another time Mrs. Hali noticed a diary
lying open in the room in which Miss Mc-
Dowell lodged, and in this book Miss Mc-
Dowell had made memoranda concerning
her movements in this City. She wrote
ol visiting North Beach and "South
Beach," the latter nieruorandutu giving
evidence that she was a stranger here.
She also wrote about visiting the Chfi,
and a brief memorandum also furnished
the knowledge that she "eot back from
the Cliff in time to dine at the Palace Ho
tel." She also visited the Grand Hotel
according to another memo.andnm. Mrs!
Hall noticed Miss McDowell's watch and
observed the monogram, "M. McD.," on
the case.
During her stay at the New Western
Hotel Miss McDowell talked with Mrs.
Hall and said that she expected to go
away last Monday, but that she had pack
ages to send away, and that, as she found
the express office closed, she had to re
main over until Tuesday. She had four
small packages to send by express, each
of the size of a small candy-box, and also
had four letters to mail. On« of these
was directed to Dcs Moines ana one to
"George." This is ail that Mrs. Hall re
ca.ls concerning these letters. Mrs. Hall
is positive that one was addressed to
George, the other name not being noticed.
Her attention was attracted by the fact
tl. at i.er own husband (Mrs. Hall's) was
named George, and the Gate when she paw
the letters was the anniversary of her hus
band's death.
While M;ss McDowell was at the New
Western Hotel she had little company.
She saiii to ihe guests, to Mrs. G. W. Har
rison, an Eastern la.iy, among others,
hat she was •'lonesome." Other guests'
noticed that she was despondent, observ
ing her to sit with ncr head on her hand
at times and failing to read the open book
on her knees, while she oeemea to be lost
in thought. The clerk of the hotel, seeing
that she nad registered from Dcs Moines,
asked her abou: her Knowledge of persons
in lowa, but she seemed inclined to avoid
the subject. She tried to hide her identity
also at the Receiving Hospital, giving a
false name.
The name of "George" may lead to
clearing up why Miss McDowell came to
this C.tv. .To Mrs. Lutteil she said that
she came here for a good time, and that
she was soon going to make a trip to
Shasta. Yesterday a letter addressed to
Miss McDowell wa« received by the Coro
ner from the New Western Hotel. When
this was opened it was found to be signed
'•George." This letter was written on a
sheet of paper which was headed with the
business address of Georpe W. Levens,
proprietor of the Sissons and Fall River
stage line. This letter woe dated Septem
ber 5. There were several more or less
seemingly significant sentences in the
communication. "George" wrote that he
supposed that she would start East soon;
that he did "not want you to believe for a
moment that I thoueht there was
anything in that report," and expressed
beiief that he wouid never see her again.
The letter concluded as foilows:
"Jim Scott came down and took dinner
with me Sunday. He said that Leon a
had received a letter from you, but he did
not know what was in it. Don't you think
you had better com* back to fall River,
where you have bo many friends? How
long do you expect to stay in the City? Be
careful you do not get discouraged and go
to — that place you spoke of, for if you do
we will be sure to meet again, but I would
prefer to meet you under different circum
stances. Well, Ido not £now of anything
more of interest."
While Miss McDowell was at the New
Western Hotel she impressed every one
with her ladylike deportment. She had
only one caller, so far as the people in the
hotel can recollect. He was a middle-aged
man. She said that he was her uncle. He
called two days, and she Baid that he was
"showinn her around the town." No one
can describe this man. Apart from the
disappearance of the watch tbere is no
reason to think that she met with bad
treatment in this City, and when it is dis
covered where she lodged Tuesday night
tnis may be found. The name of the man
who called for Miss McDowell and who
went out with her from the New Western
Hotel sounded like Lemo.re, but there is
no other present clew to his identity.
An examination of the dead woman's
stomach will be made. Tbere is nodoubt,
in view of the fact that she was seen to eat
candies poisoned with arsenic, that ar
senic will be discovered.
Mr. and Mrs. John Littrell of Fall
RivtT Mills, Siiasta County, are the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac L'.ttrell of 1723 Lin
den street, Oakland. On seeing the pub
lished accounts of a girl's mysterious
death they were impressed with the idea
that it was an acquaintance of theirs.
Tnis morning on seeing the pictures of
the giri this idea was so strengthened that
it was decided to go to the San Francisco
Morgue and view the remains.
On arriving there they found it to be
Miss Mary McDowell of Pittsville,
Shasta County, and a traveiine companion
on tin. train here ten days ago. Mrs. Litt
reil, in telline the facts to a Call repre
sentative, said : 'Miss McDowell was one of
the nicest girls of that part uf the coun
try, and moved in the very best society.
She was only about 20 years of age, and
was not keeping company with any young
man. She resided with an uncle, James
Snell, and has another at Redding, James
Eastep.
"We took the train at Anderson Septem-
Der 1 and she was in the car. En route
she bougtit fruit and papers, seemingly
having money, all her little belongings
being kept in a hand satchel, whicu she
carried in her lap. She was not much of
a talker and did not tell us her object in
coming to the bay. \Ve alighted at Six
teenth-street station and came here, while
she went to San Francisco and to the New
Western Hotel.
"At tbe Morgue to-day they told me
thai nothing had been seen of the hand
satchel nor of a beautiful diamond ring
which she wore when on tbe train. The^e
are missing, as is also her purse and any
money that she may have had with her.
After leaving tbe Morgue we went to the
Western Hotel and found she had regis
tered from Dcs Moines, lowa, her former
home. We are both at a loss to know any
cause for her to take her life or for any
one to take it. She was as pure in thought
aid as innocent a- a babe.'
She Was Known at Slsson.
BISSON, Cal., Sept. 10.— Mary Mc-
Doweil, who committed suicide in San
Francisco, was known in this place, hav
ing left here about two weeks ago. She
came from Fail River Mills about one
month ago, and was for two weeks a wait
ress at tbe El Monte Hotel. She was taken
ill, and wad sic* for a few days, when she
gave up her situation and left tor Re Ming
and from there went to San Francisco.
While she was here L yens, who lives at
Fall River Mills, came over to Sissoi, and
while here took her driving one evening.
It cannot be learned whether she corre
sponded with him or not. Sh left town
in company with a gambler by tbe name
of Luther Williams. She was known while
here as Mary McDowell, and was a quiet
and unassuming person, and was liked
about the hotel where she worked.
PHOENIX REPUBLICAN CLUB
State Board of Equalization Cen
sured—Campaign Oratory and
Enthusiasm at Scottish Hall.
The Phoenix Republican Club, an or
ganization with 800 enrolled voters, held
another of its famous campaign meetings
at Scottish Hall, on Larkin street, last
evening. In the system of its work, in
nctivity and patriotic enthusiasm, tnis
Republican club is unexcelled. It is now
organizing a large drill corps, which will
engage the attention and support of many
able young men.
The meetine last night was called to
order by the popular president of the club.
Colonel T. V. Eddy. Under the head of
new business, tbe secretary. Andrew
Branch, read the following resolutions,
which were briefly discussed and unani
mously adopted :
Whereas, The State Board of Equalization
has seen tit to raise the assessment ot the City
and County of San Francisco 20 per cent over
and above the assessment returned by the As
sessor; and whereas, the Assessor after a care
ful review of the assessable property of the
City and County ha 1 raised the same some
$30,000,000 over the assessment of 1895,
there was no justification for the arbitrary,
and we believe nnjust action of the State
Board of Equalization in rnatinnr such rais.
Retolvtd, That we condemn the action of the
members of the S.a'e Board of Equalization
who voted for this most unjust and arbitrnry
raise in adding this 20 percent to the burdens
of the citizens of tbe City and County of San
Francisco. Be It fnriber
Reaolvtd, That wa have the utmost confidence
in tbe Assessor of the City and County of San
Francisco, and believe that he has done all lv
his power to faithfully and intelligently exe
cute the laws in bis assessments of tbe prop
erty of the City and County be represents.
Oorge W. Robe of tue Thirty-eiphth
Assembly District, a promising young
camoaign orator, was the first speaker in
troduced. He contended that the pros
perity of a nation depended upon the em
ployment of its people, and reasoned that
the Republican National Convention un
derstood this when the delegates declared
for protection to American industries.
The speaker referred to the brilliant rec
ord of William McKinley asja loyal soldier
in battle and aeifted statesman in peace.
His remarks evoked much enthusiasm.
Judge Gro zincer also made a brief and
able speech, in whicn he touched on the
silver question. He said the Democratic
party, in its extremity, had attempted to
dodge the real issue of protection by rais
ing a false issue to deceive vo.ers.
A rousing speech, which enlivened the
audience to cheers, was delivered by the
president of the club, Colonel T. V*. Eddy.
He spoke of his campaign tour in South
ern California, and the enthusiasm which
wa < a feature of all the meetings.
To-morrow this gifted orator leaves for
Northern California. He is regarded by
the State Central Committee as one of the
most effective speakers of the campaign.
The programme of the evening was
diversified. Misn Sadie Levy sang "Ben
Bolt" Charles Mendell and George Reed
also sang. A recitation by Mrs. Bertha
Levy was a feature of the meeting. Cam
paign songs were sung by W. S. Kellett.
An invitation was received from the
West End Republican Club of the Thirty
seventh district, to attend a meeting at
tbe Chutes on the evening of September
17. It was announced in the invitation
that H. M. Shortridge, Eugene F. L u-1,
George C. Porkins and George A. Knight
wonld address the multitude.
The Piioeaix Club voted to accept the
invitation, as the Phoenix rises to every
occasion in this campaign.
Twanty-Flrst District.
Mowry's Hall last evening was filled
wilh patriotic Republican* of the Twenty
first Senatorial District. George A. Went
worth presided.
He, wth Eugene F. Loud, the Republi
can no*ninee for Congress, and John F.
Sheehan.addressed the gathering upon the
pertinent political issues of the day.
James A. Stevens also spoke and sones
were contributed by Mr. Nelson and the
Knickerbocker quartet.
The speakers emphasized the prosperity
which would follow a protective policy
and met with loud applause.
Forty-Second District.
The Republican Club of the Forty-sec
ond District will hold a "rally' ■ on next
Monday night at American Hail, Leaven
worth and Facihc streets.
New leather yoods, ladies' purses, etc., for
fall trade are here. Sanborn, Vail i Co. *
DEMOCRATS ARE
GETTING WILD
The Latest Lie Concocted
to Mislead the Un
wary.
ABOUT M'KINLEY BADGES
Made Exclusively by the Highest-
Paid White Labor in
the City.
THE GIRLS GIVE TESTIMONY.
Statement of Charles A Caihoun,
Manager of the Peerless Mann*
factoring Company.
A sensational story was given publicity
yesterday to the effect that the Republican
badges issued by tbe State Central Com
mittee had been manufactured by Cuinese.
The manufacturing firm vras Hue Kai &
Co., or the Peerless Manufacturing Com
pany, which employs nothing but white
labor. Superintendent Calhoun said in re
gard to the badges:
"There was not the fineer of a Chinese
pl?ccd on one of them. They were made
entirely by white labor. From the time
the silk came into my hands right up to
The Badge Made by White Girls.
the delivery of the packages to the dray- j
man not a Chinese touched the eoods.
White labor earned its wages and we made |
a small profit."
The Peerless Manufacturing Company
(Hue Kai & Co. ), is the best appointed eg- i
taoiisnment in ban Francisco. Theventi- I
lation is perfect and themachinery of the '
latest kind. The girls employed are all j
experts and wonld not leave tbe factory J
for a considerable advance.
"I never was better treated in my life," ;
said one of them yesterday. "Talk ab ut '
your free silver and protection, why there !
never was greater protection *nd freer sil- !
ver than right here in this store. Every j
Saturday night the silver ia right there, I
and as for protection, why we are ricLt in
tt. We are working for Chinese, but we i
are not in competition with Chinese cheap \
labor, and we girls make more w*ges u-ali ]
ciris similarly situated in any other fac
tory in town.
Tbe members of the Young Men's Re
publican Club of tbe Forty-first Assembly '
District at their meeting in Tilden Hall !
on Union street last eveuing were highly '
indignant.
Joseph W. Wood and J. B. Sheridan,
who acted as secretary, stated to a Call
reporter that the Young Men's Republi
can Club of the Forty-first District had
given an order to William H. Donohue
and Tony Kerdell, the jewelers, at 134
Sutter street, for 125 coid badges and that
they expected the goods to be delivered
either to-day or to-morrow.
"But," as Chairman Clarksaid, "fearing
that some member of the club had ob
tained badges elsewhere the club to-night
appointed a committee consisting of
Charles Burdett, William Nixon and Da
vid Jacquard, with instructions to make
strict inquiries and a thorough investiga
tion of the whole matter and ascertain
if possible where the calumny originated.
"Bui you can rest assured that this club
has orlered no badges from Hue Kai &
Co. or any other Mongolian.
"Again, we do not need Chines') votes
to elect McKinley. -We will elect him by
American votes, and I might add that I
know of no more fittine place for Chinese
votes than with the transmogrified De
mocracy, Populist, socialist and anarchist
party, to which Mr. Bryan has become
affiliated."
FOR THE PRIMARIES.
Important Meeting of the Republi-
can County Commit
tee.
The Republican County Committee held
a regular meeting last night in Shiels'
Hall for the purpose of preparing for the
primary election. Chairman . Manwaring
presided.
A communication was received from P.
A. Inquist, publisher of the California
Journal, a Swedish weekly newspaper
moving in the orbit of Los Angeles
County, setting forth that Mr. Inquist de
sired to remove the Journal to San Fran
cisco and that financial aid from the com
mittee was necessary to enable him to do
so. Mr. Inquist set forth that there were
5000 Swedish voters in California and that
his journal would exert great influence in
securing their votes for McKinley and
protection.
Tbe writer added that the majority of
the Swedish population were Republicans
and that the only political (Swedish club
extant was an independent one the mem
bers wbereoi had not made up their minds
how to vote, bm were waiting.
Mr. Inquist did not say what they were
waiting for, but from the br<-ad smile
which pervaded the commit • was ap
parent that they were waiting for tiie
influence of the California Journal to
thine upon them, properly stimulated, of
cou.se.
Amid more smiles the matter was re
ferred to the finance committee, who will,
no doubt, hold the prop-r Inquiat on it.
The call for the primary election was
read by the secretary, Grove P. Avers,
and unanimously adopted.
On motion of John M. Chretien the
members of the County Committee were
requested to hand in to the executive
committee by next Saturday the lists of
poliine-places and election officers for
their districts.
Chairman Manwaring took the floor
and called attention to the recent action of
the State Board of Equalization raising
the assessment roll of San Francisco by 30
per cent. He denounced the action of the
board as an infamous outrage on this com
munity. He therefore moved the appoint
ment of a committee of three to draft reso
lutions expressive of the indignation of
the community at the action of the State
Equalizers. Alva Watt, in the chair, ap
pointed Chairman Manwaring, John M.
Chretien and E. J. Casey a* such com
mittee.
The call for the primarie« provides that
the Republican primary eiection shall be
held on Saiurday, September 19, in the
various Assembly districts. There shall
be at least one and not more than two
polling places in each district, as may be
determined by the executive committee.
The polls shall b- open from 12 o'ciock
noon until 7 in the evening.
All polling places must be on the ground
floor and the ballot-box so place J as to be
seen from the sidewalk. The top of the
ballot-box must at all times be in plain
NEW TO-DAY.
Suits Given Away!
For 2 Days.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
tWe are going; to smash 4fiTf
prices to induce you to JbwL
come down to our Whole- /\\ss\
sale House in the Whole- / hf-& \
sale District, ( ( . • J 1
HYAHS, BfiBWN & CO., M>f dj
25 and 27 Sansome St. ti_f
Remember the name A
and number and get ac- II \\
quainted with the largest •/ 1.
manufacturers of | / \\
FINE CLOTHING, £j \$
Who RETAIL at WHOLESALE PRICES
CHILDREN'S SUITS, $1.00.
They are handsome suits for boys 4 to 14 years
old, worth $3 to $5, in Worsted, Cheviots, etc., all
colors, weights and styles. -Now going for less than
half the actual cost.
BOYS' SUITS, $2.50.
Very best grade* of boyc* suits, worth $ 5 to $10.
They cost us more than #5 for the material in them,
MEN'S SUITS, $4.50.
Double and Single Breasted Sack Suits, gray,
brown, black and blue, worth $7 50 to $15.
* two ~JD.Aj^sr& ONLY.
Hyams, B r °wn
& CO.
Wholesale Maxcfactoripj
Men's, Boys' and Children's
Fine Clothing
RETAILED
AT WHOLESALE PRICES
25 & 27 SANSOME ST.
ONLY ONE-HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET.
DOCTOR COOK
The greatest of modern specialists, cor-
rects the errors of youth and removes their
evil effects from men of all ages; frees
them forever from the miseries of Lost
or Failing Manhood, Impotency, Viial
Drains, Night Emissions, Sleeplessness,
Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfulness, De-
spondency, StUDidity, Loss of AmLition
and similar symptoms. He also cures
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Sypnilis.
Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other signs
of physical, mental and sexual debility or
decay. Careiul attention given to every
form* of female complaint, and to ail-
ments of the Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stom-
ach, Kidneys, Blaider and Urinary or-
gans of both sexes. Piles, fistula, Rup-
ture and Chronic Catarrh a specialty. The
worst cases solicited and positive cures
guaranteed. Write if you cannot call, a3
the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is always satisfactory. Office hours,
9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7 to 8 f. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
IMPTfIQ Pflllf 865 MARKET STREET,
UUU I Ull bUJR, opp. Powell, B. F., Cal.
view of the spectators. The pledge is: "I
will pledge myself to vote for tne nomi
nees of the Republican party at the com
ing election." Only the printed precinct
registers u-ed at the general election in
November, 1894, shall be n:-ed.
There shall oe elected 243 delegates, "to
constitute a Republican, municipal, legis
lative, judicial and educational conven
tion, to meet at 1 p. m. on S •ptember 22, to
nominate municipal and judicial officers,
and to make provision for the nomination
of candidates for members of the Legisla
ture."
The appointment of delegates will be as
foliows:
Two at lartje from each Assembly district
and one for each 100 Republican votes cast
for Hon. M. M. Estee at th« last general elec
tion h*<d November 6, 1894. and fraction of
100 of fifty or over as follows:
Twenty-eighth District 10, Twenty-ninth
10, ihirtieth 11, Thirty-fir?- 11, Thirty-sec
ond 9, Thirty-third 12, Tnirty-fourth U>,
Tnirty-tifth 12*,Thirty-slxtb 14, T nitty -seventh
17, Thirty-eighth 15, Thirty-niuth IS, Fortieth
17, Forty-first 18, Forty-second 16, Forty.
third 14, Forty-fourth 13, Forty-dfth 10.
Total 243.
"Within one hour after the canvass of
the votes the returns must be brought in
properly seated packages by one of the
election officers to thp chairman of the
executive committee at 850 Market street.
The executive committee will fill ah va
cancies of election officers and in the dele
gates. No proxies shall be accepted by
the cony ntion.
The committee adjourned subject to the
call of the cnair.
Th© Police Captain Vote.
The voting contest for the most popular
police captain, now being held a; Raphael's
clothing establishment in aid of the festival
fund of ihe Youths' Directory, goes on merrily.
The result of tho vote up to last evening is
as follows: I. W. L?es 328, A. J. Danlevy 599,
Joh;, Spiliane 852, H.'nry 8. Robinson 63,
James Giiien 20ii, Q. W. Witlman 649.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladl ? FTHE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 TOST ST., SAN
-L> Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
&yd everything pertalntug to a business education
rapidly taught. Department of Electrical En-
j gineering in operation. Individual instruction, 20
teachers. Nignt sessions, Students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write lor catalogue. ■ ■. : •■.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
j 99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, ENO-
—■£*O» lisa, perfect mastery of French and Ger-
i man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 par
month; new term July 27; coach.
MISS ; ELIZABETS MOORE'S
T7RRXCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
£ moved from 515 Haight st. to 230 HaiKht-
limited number of boarders received; pupila pr*
pared for college; term opens August 3.
56
FRIDAY.. SIcrTEMBER 11,1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. Q
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily and Sunday Caia, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, «1x months, by mail- 3.00
Daily and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
(Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-80
Wi.tK.LY Calx, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
M, it U do trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your addreM. Do cot let it miss you for yon will
mIM It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Bu«lnen Office will receive prompt .attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE i
1 10 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California. ',
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
650 Montgomery street, corner Clay? open until
0:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock. .
713 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
antU 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock,
US Maub street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND 0FF1CB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE «
Rooms 81 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PRESIDENT—
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB VICF-PKB»IDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EJECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
The strength of Hobart's letter shows
that it came from a strong man.
What California workingman found any
profit in the Cleveland administration?
Bryan may well be silent on his free
trade record, for the record itseli speaks
loud enough.
We have tried one step in the direction
of free trade, and no intelligent man
wishes to take another.
Let the wage-earner ask himself, "What
is there in all i3ryan's promises that prom
ises anything for my welfare?
There is no defender for the Gorman
»nd Wilson tariff. Even Gorman and
Wilson themselves are silent.
We have celebrated the greatness of
California, and* now let us resolve to ad
vance her welfare by protecting her in
dustries.
The deficit in the National revenue for
the month of August was about $10,000,
-000, and still Mr. Bryan jauntily declares
there is no issue in that.
Democratic leaders seem to have aban
doned Bryan's fight and are now trying to
•ecure their own election to Congress with
out regard to the boy orator.
Bryan so completely exhausted himself
In his speech at Madison-square Garden
that his letter of acceptance was about as
limp ana loose as a wet dishrag.
It is not clear what kind of wine Hill
furnished to Bryan at that famous dinner,
but it seems certain that he took Muinm
himself ana is still sticking to it.
San Francisco crospered under protec
tion and has been injured by the Wilson
tariff. Let us vote for McKiuley and pro
tection and advance San Francisco.
"How can I best help my trade, my
State and the Nation by my vote?" is the
question every patriot is asking himself,
ana the only answer is, "by voting for
McKinley."
If Cleveland tad any vim and vigor in
him he would take some action in the
Cuban question just to let the country
know he has some ideas above those of a
lone fisherman.
The importance of the tariff issue to all
the industries of California will not be
overlooked by the people notwithstanding
the efforts of the Democratß to get them to
look the other way.
From the letter of acceptance of Garret
A. Hobart it is clear he is a good running
mate for McKinley, and the people can
see that his nomination fox Vice-Prebi
dent was no accident.
The letters of acceptance of Bryan and of
Hobart appeared on the same day and were
published yesterday side by side to the great
injury of the boy orator, whose effusion
teemed stale and flat by the contrast.
In his letter of acceptance Bryan said :
"It is not necessary to discuss the tariff
question at this time"; and he was quite
right in saying it, for the experience of the
last three years Las taught the people all
they wish to know about that subject
from the free-trader's point of view.
Li Hung Chang has everywhere shown
a great interest in railways, but as he has
not asked to be shown through a bicycle
factory it is clear that the Chinese intel
lect hasn't yet reached the full develop
ment of the enlightened man of this cen
tury.
The curious thing about this campaign
is that no one of any note is going to help
Bryan. He has to do all the traveling, all
the talking, all the dodging, and there is
an increasing probability that before he
pets through he will have to pay his own
expenses.
Study the effect of the Gorman tariff on
your own home and your own trade and
you will see pretty clearly what hss been
its effect on the people generally ; and you
will also see why you should vote for the
party which is pledged to re peal that tariff
and restore the protective system under
wnich we enjoyed the greatest prosperity
as a Nation known to history.
Toe Republican platform on which Lin
coln was elected declaredin fftvor of "that
policy o! National exchanges which se
cures to the workingruan living wages, to
agriculture remunerative prices, to me
chanics and manufacturers an edequate
reward for their skill, labor and enterprise,
and to the Nation commercial prosperity
and independence." On the same plat
form McKinley stands to-day, and rightly
asks the support of all who, like Lincoln,
believe in promoting American industry
against the competition of the world.
WORKINGMEN OF CALIFORNIA.
The time has come when the working
men of California should give a most care
ful and serious study to the issues before
them in tbis campaign. It is folly for any
wajre-earner to believe that his own per
sonal welfare is not concerned in the
result. All the issues of the day are
economic. All of them deal directly with
:he industries of the country and every
industry that pays wages will be affected
by the measures to be carried out by the
next administration. There is no evaaing
the force of on economic law. No man or
nation can violate such a law and prosper.
Ti.e Republican and the Democratic par
ties propose economic measures of directly
opposite tendencies. The Republican meas
ures justly Dear the titl«* of protection.
They are intended to protect American
industry from the competition of other
countries, ana Ihe value of the American
dollar from a disastrous depreciation.
Democracy proposes to throw down the
barriers of protection, to expose the
American worker to the competition of
Europe and the Orient, and the American
dollar to ( whatever fluctuations may come
from the free coinage of silver without
any governmental safeguards whatever.
These directly opposed measures cannot
be equally good. If one tends to the wel
fare of the countiy the other must tend to
its injury. If one guards the interests of
workingmen the other must be to those
interests adverse, hostile, dangerous and
destructive.
The American workingman has not to
jr.dgc these measures by theory only. He
has had within tne last four years ample
experience in the practical operation of a
free-trade tariff in sharp contrast with
the operation of protection. We had
during the war an experience with fluc
tuating money as compared with the
steadfast money of to-day. We know how
eager all men were after the war to return
to specie payment. We know how eager
all American producers and employers
are nojr to return to a protective system.
From these things every intelligent work
ingman may learn how to vote. Expe
rience is the teacher of the wise.
For a proper understanding of the oper
ation of the economic law of free trade or
protection the workingman need not
study the conditions of the whole world,
nor even those of all the Union. He can
find facts enough to justify a conclusion
within the limits of his own horizon. He
need not look beyond his own city, tie need
hardly look beyond his own trade. The
chances are he will rind enough in His
own home. Notding is required of him
but to profit by the lessons of bis indi
vidual experience. ,
We have published in The Call inter
views with many workingmen of different
trades in San Francisco and all have told
the same tale of prosperity under protec
tion ana disaster under free trade. All
recognize that the free coinage of silver
without the co-operation of other nations
would lower the purchasing power of
wages without giving any compensating
advantages to the wage-earner. These
men have many of them affiliated in
former campaigns with the Democratic
party, but they have learned the lesson of
experience and will vote hereafter for pro
tection to industry.
In the nature of things we cannot
publish interviews with all the working
men of the City. They, however, can
interview one another. They can talk
over together their exp riences of the
last four years. They can learn from
one another how the economic force
of free trade has worked on the industry
of San Francisco and tbe wage-earning
power of its men and . women. They can
see what effect has been wrought in the
shop and in the home, and as the past is
always the best lamp to light the future
they can see by what has been what will
be in San Francisco when it lias been ae
cided whether for the next four years we
shall continue present conditions or return
to protection and prosperity.
It is a known fact that more than 80 per
cent of the commerce of the world is settled in
gold or on a gold basis. Such free-coi nag r.
legislation, if ever consummated, would dis
criminate against every producer of wheat,
cotton, corn or rye — who should, in justice, be
equally entitled with the silver-owner to sell
his products to the United States treasury at a
profit fixed by the Government — and against
all producers of iron, steel, zinc or copper,
who might properly claim to have their metals
made into current coin. It would as well be
a fraud upon all persons forced to accatt a
currency that stimulated and at the same
time degraded. — Garret A. Hobart.
A RINGING LETTER.
In his letter accepting the nomination
of the Republican party for Vice- President
Garret A. Hobart says: "For the first two
fiscal years of the so-called McKinley tar
iff the receipts from customs were $380,
-807,980. At this writing the Wilson tariff
act has been in force for nearly two full
fiscal years, but the total receipts, actual
and estimated, cannot exceed $312,441,947.
A steady deficit, constantly depleting the
resources of the Government, and trench
inc even upon its gold reserve, has brought
about public distrust and business disaster.
It has, too, necessitated the sale of $262,
-000,000 of bonds, thereby increasing to that
extent the National debt."
A good deal has been written and spoken
to prove the destructive effect of the Wil
son-Gorman tariff act upon the income
and disbursement accounts of the Govern
ment, but Mr. Hobart puts the whole mat
ter in a nutshell when >he shows how there
has Deen, tnere is still and there will con
tinue to be deficits under the operation of
that law. The Democratic party's tariff
failed to receive from revenue sources in
the iirst two years of its operation as much
as was received in the first two years of
the McKinley tariff by nearly $70,000,000,
and, moreover, in the same two years
President Cleveland increased the bond
debt oi the Nation by $262,000,000, which,
when added to the interest that will ac
crue during the life of the bonds, makes
the total of the Government's bond obli
gations over $500,000,000 more than they
were when Cleveland waa inaugurated. By
the time the Republican party can get the
macninery of the Government to running
as it should run the deficit in revenues
will be fully $150,000,000, and it would not
be surprising if Cleveland would not have
to sell more bonds to keep the goldreserve
up to the legal requirement before he steps
down and out.
Just how long the people will be williug
to let that kind of financiering go on they
themselves will have to say, but if they
are not already very tired of it they should
read Mr. Hobarfs analysis of the opera
tion of the Wilson-Gorman act. But the
failure of the act to provide expense
money for the Government and the issue
of $262,000,000 of bonds are very small
matters as compared to the losses which
trade, commerce, agriculture and industry
nave sustained in the last two and a half
years. There are official figures which
give the nnmber of commercial failures
and the losses to business enterprises by
reason of Democratic tariff tinkering, but
there are no records of the misery which
it inflicted upon tne industrial millions.
.Nevertheless, Mr. Bryan cays. "ft is not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
necessary to discuss" at this time the
cause of all this misery. He does not ap
pear to regard the deplorable condition of
our wage class and industries as of much
consequence.
But vastly more than a mere assertion of a
purpose to reconstruct the National currency
ii suggested by the Chicago platform. It as
sumes, in fact, the form of a revolutionary
propaganda. It embodies a menace of Na
tional disintegration and destruction. This
spirit manifested itself in a deliberate propo
sition to repudiate the plighted public faith,
to impair the sanctity of the obligation of
private contract, to cripple the credit of the
Nation by stripping the Government of the
power to borrow money as the urgent exigen
cies of the treasury may require, and, in a
word, to overthrow alt the foundations of
financial and industrial stability. — Garret A.
Hobart.
HILL'S INDEPENDENCE.
Mr. Bryan lunched with Senator Hill a
week or so ago, and ever since there has
been a suspicion that the worthies had
some kind of a private understanding
which would be of advantage to the Presi
dential candidate. Ye3terday, however,
Hill positively refused to go to the State
Convention as a delegate pledged to sup
port the Chicago platform. This would
seem to indicate that Hill will support
Palmer and Buckner, but all the same
Hill so worded his communication that it
can be twisted to mean anything. He
simply refuses to be a pledged delegate.
He does not say that he is for Bryan, nor
does he say he ia against him. Senator
Hill is a New York Tammany politician
who is very anxious to serve another term
in the United States Senate.
It may be accepted as a fact, though,
that Hill is arranging for some deals, else
be would have accepted the position of
delegate under the conditions imposed, for
that would have been Democratic. Tam
many cares nothing for National politics,
but it does care to control the elective and
the appointive offices in New York City ,
and its fondness for H.ll would make it do
pretty much as he a&ked it to do for his
own political interests. It is very clear,
therefore, that Hill knew he would not
offend Tammany by retu»int< to be com
mitted to indorse the Chicago platform,
although Tammany is supposed to be
working very faithfully for Bryan. In
view of the peculiar methoas*of Tam
many, Hill's action with reference to the
Buffalo convention may be accepted as'
meaning that Bryan is to be traded for
anybody or anything that will strengthen
the local Democracy.
The Republican party has always stood for
the protection of the American home. It has
aimed to secure it in the enjoyment of all the
blessings of remunerated industry, of moral
culture and of favorable physical environ
ment. It was the party which instituted the
policy of free homesteads, and which holds
now that this policy should be re-established,
and that the public lands now vacant and sub
ject to entry in any part of the National ter
ritory should be preserved against corporate
aggression as homes for the people. — Garret
A. Hobart.
A CONSPIRACY BREWING.
The air all over the country is lull of
rumors to the effect that there is a move
ment on foot in Democratic and Populist
circles to make the election of Congress
men and State legislators the ultimate of
their effort. It appears that the leaders
are discouraged over the outlook for
Bryan's election, and they believe it would
be the safer plan to put in their best work
and best mone3 T , too, to secure a few cer
tainties, such as Congressmen and Sena
tors. How many Democrats are in this
conspiracy would be hard to tell, but there
is no doubt at all that Populists every
where are ready to trade off Bryan for
support for local and Congressional candi
dates.
The plan of the combine appears to be
to shape matters now so that they will be
in position in the off year and in 1900 to
make themselves felt in a way that would
be worth somethine. Bryan has become
so much of an extremist since he took to
the hustings that his managers are getting
alarmed. -They know that public senti
ment is conservative and that while great
crowds may greet Bryan everywhere there
is a vast difference between being moved
by curiosity and by honesi convictions ; be
sides, the more the people turn out to see
Bryan the more he thinks he is bigger
than his party, and in tue same propor
tion is the advice of his managers dis
regarded.
But, anyway, the feeling is growing in
Popocratic circles that a bird in the hand
is worth two in the bush, and hence the
scheme to make the election of Congress
men and State legislators the center of
effort; and there is good political sense
in the game the conspirators are looking
to two and four years hence for full re
ward. But it is a shabby way to treat the
young man from Nebraska. No doubt
Sewall's candidacy is naving a eood deal
to do with the combine. He is a national
banker, a very wealthy man, an enemy of
labor organizations and is decidedly in
favor of the Government subsidizing lii 3
merchant ships. So, altogether, there is
some basis for the rumor that more Con
gressmen and Senators and less of Bryan
ia wanted.
The Democracy of Bath never dared to run
Sewa'd as a candidate for any important
office for fear of ruining their party. Once
or twice he had been elected an Alderman by
th« Republicans. Every time he had since
been a nominee he had been snowed under by
Democratic votes. How could men of any
principle vote for such a mant The Democ
racy believed in free trade. Sewall wax a
rampant high protectionist. The Democrats
had made asses of themselves in nominating
him; now they expect the Populists to follow
suit. — L. C. Batcman, Populist candidate for
Governor in Maine.
CAPITAL AND WEALTH.
"Labor creates capital," say a Mr. Bryan
in his letter of acceptance, but he is very
much mistaken. Labor is itself capital
and it creates wealth. Capital is a pro
ducing agency, while wealth means leis
ure. The fkill of the mechanic and the
muscle of the laborer are capital, exactly
as are the dollars of the one who employs
them. There ia wealth accumulation
when expenditure isless than the income,
as there is debt accumulation when expen
diture is greater than the income, but
capital enters into the transaction only to
the extent of producing the income. It is
true, however, that the producing power
of either form of capital, labor or dollars,
may bo impaired; and it is equally true
that neither one could be crippled without
the other sustaining injury. They are
interdependent and their natural relation,
the one to the other, is one of harmonious
co-operation, and in ratio to the mainte
nance of this relation, which is a purely
reciprocal one, is their productive power
maintained and sustained.
The relation between these two forms of
capital, labor and dollars, in the Usited
States is by reason of natural causes
more intimate than in any other country.
The United States has the raw material,
the mechanical skill, the machinery, the
labor and the dollars to supply nearly
every known commercial commodity
which gives capital, labor and dollars an
extraordinary opportunity to accumulate
wealth. It so happens, too, that our con
sumptive demand is equal to fully 96 per
cent of our production. That is to say,
after supplying our wants we have a sur
plus equal to about 4 per cent of our total
production which we put upon the world's
markets for sale.
The philosophy of the situation is, then,
Shall our owu capital, labor and dollars,
resume work and manufacture and other
wise prepare for our food and our other con
sumptive requirements from material that
we have at hand, or shall we rely for the
moit part upon other countries and let
our capital lie idle? But if we conclude
to look to our own resources we shall find
ourselves confronted by markets full of
articles of consumption from countries
where the standard of living and the
degree of individual liberty is very much
lower than we wish to maintain, and
which enables those other countries to
supply us with goods and wares cheaper
than we can supply them from our own
raw material. Theoretically, it would seem
that we should get our supplies where
they could be had for the least money,
but the practical operation of such a policy
would be to keep our capital, labor and
dollars, in enforced idleness, which would
not only reauce the earning power, but
deprive it of all opportunity to maintain a
margin of difference between expenditure
and income and thus prevent it from
accumulating wealth. Under such a con
dition of operation whatever profits our
labor and dollars might earn would be
quickly absorbed by those of other coun
tries who supply our markets with com
modities — commodities we could produce
even better than those who supply us.
American labor being American capital
and American dollars being American
capital, it would seem to be only fair and
right that these capital factors should be
protected against hurtful invasion when
they try to increase the general and
individual wealth of the country by sup
plying our markets with all articles of
consumption that can be produced from
our own material. The Kepubiican party
believes that American labor being Ameri
can capital should not be deprived of con
ditions which would enable it to get
enough from its employment to insure
the widest possible margin between what
it earns and what it consumes, so that
there may be a satisfying and encouraging
increase of wealth. The whole demand of
American labor is, and it has a natural
right to demand as much, that it shall
have continuous opportunity to employ
itself at wages wnich shall enable it to
live from day to day as it becomes a citizen
of the greatest nation in the world to live,
and not exhaust its entire income.
PERSONAL.
W. D. Kendall of Boston is at the Palace.
Dr. A. W. Trafton of Dixon is at the Grand.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. P. H. Thornton of Lakeport is at the Com
mercial.
George H. Tolbert of Washington, D. C, is at
thcßuss.
J. G. Houghton of Hollister is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan.
James F. Dennis, a leading lawyer of Reno,
Nev., is in town.
G. Brown and son of Greenock. Scotland, are
at the Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. H. D. Anderson and son of Sonora are
at the Cosmopolitan.
John R. Tregloan, a mine-owner of Amador
County, is in the City.
T. M. Church, one of the officials of Amador,
arrived here yt-t.terday.
L. Grimmerey, a business man of Yokohama,
reached here yesterday.
E. A. Cadoni, a dairyman of Tocaloina, is
among the arrivals at the Commercial.
C. L. Culbert of Jackson, Clerk of Amador
County, is among the arrivals at the Grand.
George E. Baldwin, manager of the tele
phone company at Los Angeies, arrived here
yesterday.
C. 11. Merchant, a wealthy lumber manufac
turer of Marshfield, Or., is among the arrivals
at the Lick.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are A. K. Williams and M. Jilair, business
men of Sonora.
H. J. Small, master mechanic of the exten
sive shops of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company at Sacramento, is here on a brief
business trip.
William Forsyth, who has 160 acres of
raisins at Fresno, and who is an extensive
raisin packer jls well as grower, is on a visit
here. He is at the Occidental.
Alan D. Whittaker, the civil engineer, of
Philadelphia, who was married at Santa Rosa
recently to the daughter of R. A. Thompson,
editor of the Santa Rosa Democrat, is at the
Palace.
Michel Soutret, a rich silk merchant of
Lyons, France, wns among the arrivals from
the Orient yesterday. He was for some time
in Java, and on arriving in Japan purchased
large quantities of silk for the French market.
William G. Brißham. curator of the Bishop
Museum at Honolulu, was among the arrivals
here on the City of Peking yesterday and is at
the Occidental. The museum was founded by
C. R. Bishop, the banker of Hawaii, as a monu
ment to the memory of his wife.
F. R Tuttle, a promineut attorney of
Auburn, Piacer County, is in this City. Mr.
Tuttle says that the Republicans of Auburn
are jubilant over the bright prospects of suc
cess at the polls. JlcKinley and protection is
a slogan that awakes increased enthusiasm aa
the days go by.
John Muir, the noted author and discoverer
of the Muir glaciers, who has been on an ex
tended trip through the mountain regions
with the United States Forestry Commission,
has for the last day or two been visiting his
home near Martinez. He will return to join
the expedition to the coast mountains to-day.
George H. Craft of Bakersfield, treasurer of
the Kern County Republican Committee, is in
town. He reports that McKinley and protec
tion are eujoy ing a boom in Kern. Many of
the inhabitants are raisers of sheep, who have
been Democrats, but they are opposed to free
wool and free wool's champion, Bryan, and
this year their vote 6 will go to the Republican
candidates.
John Nelson, a pioneer of Forty Mile,
Alaska, is at the German Hospital, where be
is receiving treatment for disease of the kid
neys. Mr. Nelson is said to have directed T.
Muller to the advantages of Miller Creek as a
place for mining. Mullet went there, and the
result is that he recently arrived here with a
large fortune, accumulated from a placer prop
erty which he then staked out.
Captain H. L. Read, lately appointed general
manager and financial agent of the New Zea
land Mines Tru3t, a powerful Euglish com
pany, with headquarters in London, left last
night for London to assume his duties. This
company owns the leading mines in New Zea
land, a number in West Australia, and lately
baa acquired sevaral in Uriiish Columbia.
Captain Read will, after consulting with the
officers in London, return via San Francisco
and proceed to New Zealand to make that his
permanent headquarters.
Think a Little.
Anderson News.
The laboring man who gets s2 a day now can
hardly expect $1 under free silver coinage.
But if free coinage doubles prices as its advo
cates claim it will, then the laboring man will
have to pay more for what ne buys without
his wages being increased. Wherein then does
he expect to De benefited?
Self-Evldent Truth.
Pallnas Owl.
Yon can't sell goods unless you tell people
about them. The more you tell tne more
you'll sell.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
The familiar figure of genial Paul Neumann
was observable at the Palace and Grand ho
tels for a time yesterday, and General Neu
mann was soon surrounded by a coierie of old
time friends.
The ex-Attorney-General of Hawaii recounted
many reminiscences of his experiences, both
as the chief factotum of the erstwhile Queen
Lil and as a member of the bar of San Fran
cisco. As usual his stories were pleasantly re
ceived.
Mr. Neumann is not looking so rotund and
hale as on some of his former trips from the
islands. He lays it to his long stay among the
palms.
"I usually get up here about once a year,"
ne said to a Call reporter, "but this time I
EX-ATTORNEY-GENERAL PAUL NEUMANN of Hawaii,
Who Is Here to Recover His Health. *
\ Sketched from life by a "Call" artis'.]
put it off two years, so I have to stay here long
enough to make up for what is due. lam
over at San Rafael now, and have nothing to
do but to receive what Whitlier calls the 'bene
diction of the air.' I have been there four weeks
and am liable to stay some months yet.
"About the sugar crop down there in Ha
waii I can say that it will this year run from
180,000 to 200.000 tons, or say 180,000 to
make the estimate conservative. It will be
probably a fourth larger* as a crop than last
year.
"The crop and the price suit ns first rate.
This condition which has been existing in
Cuba is first rate for us. I wish It would con
tinue next year.
"I think from what I can see that the crop
will be as big next year as now. We will not
be troubled by any 16 to 1. Our coin is Uncle
Sam's gold and we are well satisfied with it."
THE NEW SMALL SLEEVES.
Two of the most graceful of the new sleeves
are snovrn here. In one the fitted sleeve is cov
ered with sleeve goods which is gathered into
the seams. This is particularly pretty for silk
and chiffon, in fact, any material not too
beavy. The lighter-weight silks are made up
after the model with very good results, and
some satin so treated is exceedingly pretty.
The new canvas cloths.which are thin enough
to allow a bright silk lining to show through.
are exceedingly picturesque in this wrinkled
or gathered sleeve.
The fitted sleeve is suitable for all fabrics. A
combination of materials may be employed in
making it. One was of Dresden silk, with the
puff of dark thin canvas cloth oi which the
waist was made, having a bolero front with a
blouse vest of the silk. The back of the waist
was smooth over a fitted lining with a coat
basque laid in pleats aud reaching only to the
under-arm seams.
A green mohair gown had tlve puffs of mo
hair, the lawn sleeves and a round yoke on
the waist being of embroidered batiste over a
violet silk lining.
BRYAN'S TWELVE STAGES.
Peroration,
Jubilation, '
Nomination,
Preparation,
Notification.
Peregrination,
Argumentation.
Trepidation,
Condemnation,
Consternation,
Lamentation,
Extermination.
—Kansas City Star.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Uncle Simon, what is living it down?"
"Well, it is doing something mean and then
hanging round until everybody who knows
about it is dead."— Chicago Record.
The New Pastor— l beg pardon, but In what
walk of life are you engaged?
The Brand— None, sir. I am a sprinter.—
Cleveland Plaindealer.
He— How is it that we never see Rusticus
with that pretty young woman any more ?
She— Why, they have been married for more
than a year.— Detroit Free Press. ' ,
Mrs. TaUalot— What does make you talk so
much In your sleep, Joseph ?
Joseph— Gosh! It's the only chance I ever
get.— Truth.
Old Gentlemen— You want my daughter?
Why, she's only just graduated!
Young Mac—l know, bir; but she'll get over
that.— Puck.
Tommy-Par, what made Noah take all
kinds of animals in the ark?
Father— So as you could strike me for a quar
ter to go to the circus.— Up-to-Date.
"Somebody to see you, sir," said the office
boy to the editor.
"What kind of a man?"
"1 can't say for sure."
"Where are yonr eyes? Haven't you any
powers of observation?"
"Yes, sir. But I've guessed wrong so often
that I'm afraid to try any more. Times are
getting so now that you cao't tell by the way
a man wears his hair whether he's a poet or a
Populist."— Washington Star.
The Professor— You are now gazing, sorr, ou
that wonderful planet, Saturn.
The Seeker After Science— And what is that
smooth, broad belt running all round it?
The Professor (rising to the occasion)— Hem!
That, sorr, is the track of the Saturn Bicycle
Club.— Picfc-Me-Up.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, England's Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, hmokes ten big
cigars each day.
Miss Lucy E. Ball, who has just received
from Collector Kelly of Brooklyn tne place as
chief oi the spirits department in the Brook-
lyn Internal Revenue Office, began her work
for this department in Greensboro, N. C, and
has fitted herself for her present post by sev
eral years' service in the Internal Kevenue De
partment.
Alma Tadcma's studio in London is reached
by a flight of seemingly golden stairs, the
steps being entirely covered with plates of
polished brass.
Colorado hns a new millionaire in the person
of a Mr. Stoiber, who has expectations of rival
ing the famous Mr, Btratton. Mr. Stoiber is a
mining engineer by profession, and for a long
time lived very humbly with nis wife, who is
his partner in business, in a little cabin near
Silver ton. He now has an income of $800,000
a year and has one of the handsomest houses
in Colorado.
Miss Kate Wheelock, the well-known whist
teacher, began her successful professional
career ten or twelve years ago. At first she
taught a class for nothing, but she was soon
struck by the idea that she had a money
making occupation at her hand, and began
charging a regular fee for her instructions.
Ever since then she has had all she could do
in the way of conducting classes, has traveled
from place to place wherever classes have been
organized, and has lately introduced an in
vention in the snape of a stereoDticon, by
means ol which she is able to teach large
classes to better advantage.
"TEARS, IDLE TEARS"
A little frown becionds her brow,
11 er thoughts seem far away;
I look In vain for dimples now
Wtaera they were wont to play.
Why gits she thus, with downcast eyta,
And lips «o tightly pressed?
What cause Is there for such deep sighs
from one so richly dresstd?
Is some dear friend, you ask, laid low,
That fhetUs musing now?
Is love the cause of all the woe
That rests upon her brow?
Uay, 'tis not news from over the seas,
JSor love that is unfair;
She sit* and unopes to-dny for she's
Just found her flrsi gray hair.
—Cleveland Leader.
THE DELIGHTFUL EAST.
Wisconsin Agriculturist.
A recent bulletin of the Weather Bureau
gives the following directions for governing
one's actions in a cyclone:
"Go to the cellar on the first intimation of
the approaching storm. Don't move east,
northeast or southeast. On reaching the cel
lar, place yourself against the west wall, or If
that cannot be done, get as near the southwest
corner as possible, face to the wall. Then, in
case the building is carried away, it will be
carried over and above you, and there will be
less danger from the debris, which is moved
eastward. Under no circumstances seek an
east or northeast wtill or corner.
"If pressed by the advancing cloud, throw
yourscli on tue ground, head oast and hands
over it to protect. If a slump or other firm
body likely to endure the storm is in the vicin
ity take a position on the east side of it, lying
prone on the ground witb the head towerJ it.
Never take refuge ia a forest grove or orchard,
or ia a. building or behind a fence. Do not re
main in the house if you can get out; if obliged
to remain in avoid contiguity to doors, win
dows, stoves or heavy pieces of furniture."
THE VOICE OF VERMONT.
f No, that noise wasn't an earthquake: it was
simply Vermont remarking that she has no
use for clipped dollars.-Waterbury Repub
lican.
The loyal Republicans and Democrats of
Vermont have done well. Carry the news to
Bryan and the rcpudiators everywhere.—
Wilmington (Del.) News.
The Green Mountain State voiced the senti
ment of the Nation when she elected the Re
publican candidate for Governor by a plurality
of about 35,000.-SpMngfield Union.
It is a most significant victory. It indicates
that the tide hau set in in the Northern States
against the Chicago ticket stronger than it
ever began in any campaign.— lndianapolis
Journal.
It is tremendously encouraging that the
voice of Vermont is so decisive. A smaller
majority would have been satisfying, but the
ono given is glorious.— New Haven Journal
and Courier.
The first gun of the campaign thunders from
the green hills of Vermont. It is a roarer.
Vermont speaks the voice of the American
people. Its vott. is the first leap of the tidal
wave which is to sweep over the country next
November.— St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Vermont has given the biggest Republican
majority in her history. That means some
thing 1 It means that the farmers up in the
Green Mountain State have not been tainted
with the free silver hereby.— Poughkeepsie
Eagle.
Vermont, one of the most distinctively ag
ricultural States in the Union, makes haste to
assure tho country that the American farmer
is neither the fool nor the revolutionist that
Mr. Bryan would have the people believe. The
trouble with Mr. Bryan is that he has never
acquired a speaking acquaintance witb the
real sentiment of the American people.— New
York Mail and Express.
Vermont tells the 6tory of the dot>m of
BryanSsm. True, Vermont is only a small
State, and it is always safely Republican, but
its Republican majority varies within con
siderable limits. These variations mark the
direction and strength of the partisan cur
rents in the country at large.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat
The Republicans of Vermont are to be con
gratulated on their magnificent victory. The
significance of the vote is not difficult to dis
cern. It indicates the overwhelming defeat of
Bryant next November, and the triumphant
indorsement of McKinley's slogan: "An hon
est dollar and the right to earn it by nonest
toiL" — Kansas City Journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Wednesday— B., City. The 28th of Au
gust. 1878, fell on a Wednesday.
The Sherman Act— A. B. and C, City. What
is generally known as the Sherman act be
came a law on the 14th of July, 1890. -
. Worth Fifty Cents— A Subscriber, Weatly,
Cal. A 50-cent piece of 1830 does not com
mand a premium. It is worth, only 50 cents.
Kearny-Street Blocks— Cyclist, City. The
blocks on the hue of Kearny street, between
Geary and California, have a f ron tage of 273
feet. .
The Text— Reader. Vallejo, Cal. The Rev.
Father J. H. Nugent Bays that the needed text
will be found in St. Matbew, xvi :19, and xviii:
18; also St. John, xx:23.
Not Worth the Candle— H., City. The ex
pression "et le Jeu, comiue on ait, n'en vaut
pas les c.handelles" (the business, as the, prov
erb says, will not pay the expense), is from the
French of Corueille in "Le Menteur." 1:1.
Fare 10 England— S., Ross Valley, Cal. The
lowest iare from San Francisco to London,
England, is according to the route and line of
steamer. The railroad fare from San Fran
cisco is from $G1 to $t>o, nnd the steamer fare
from New York is from $"22 50 to $27.
Selling— S. 8., Cit^r. "He sells shoes cheap"
signifies that the dealer is selling them at a
low price; "sells shoes cheaply" implies that
the denier is selling them in a cheap manner,
and not that ne sells them at h low iSrie^.
Both sehtences are correct in the Benses in
which used, but both do not mean the same
thing.
To the Cuff— Cyclist, City. The distance
from Lotta's Fountain to the Cliff House along
the following described route is seven and
one-fifth miles: Lotta's Fountain, along Mar
ket street to Golden Gate avenue, to Devisa
aero street, to Fulton, to Baker, and along the
main drive of the park to the boulevard and
thence to the Cliff.
De Young-Napthaly— a. O. S., City. The
shooting at Benjamin F. Napthaly oy the late
Charles de Young near the Postoffice in this
City, occurred at 11 o'clock iv the forenoon of
June 16, 1874. At that time the only party
wounded w»s Henry Mitchell of 707 Howard
street, a messenger for the Western Union
Company, who was slightly wounded in the
calf of the right leg.
Jockeys— 3., City. If a boy wishes to appren
tice himseli to a stable in order to learn to be
a jockey, it is optional with the parent, guar
dian or boy himself as to the time he has to
remain. During his apprenticeship he gets
money on outside mounts, but no pay from
his employer, unless the employer is
generous enough to maUe him a pres
ent. A boy of 16 weighing 97 pounds would
stand a chnnce of being accepted. Johnny
Griffin has been riding for about five years.
He receives $16,000 a year, but he is only one
among a great many who get anything like
such money.
Parity— J. H. 1., City. The free coinage of
silver as proposed by the Democrats and Popu
lists vrill not bring silver to a parity with gold.
That will occur only when the commercial
value of silver rcacnes 1.2929. Whether a per
son can be forced to pay interest on" a loan in
gold in case gold is at a premium dependa
upon the contract. As a rule in Caliiornla
there is a stipulation in the contract that the
principal and interest shall be paid in gold
coin of the United States. If there is no such,
stipulation in the contract the loan and the
interest may be paid in silver standard dollars
as the law stands now.
Calitobma glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsend I *'
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Husband's calcined magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For Kale only in bottles with, registered
trademark labels. •
President White's farewell address to the
students of Cornell University was replete
with common sense, but there was one bit of
advice which was pre-eminently sound. "Do
not try to be smart," he said, "but do every
thing that comes to your lot in a faithful and
satisfactory manner.
Are You Going Kast?
The Atlantic aad Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ia the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because Of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and In
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. SSua
Francisco Tlcke: office. 844 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Alain 163 L Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
"Mrs. Wlnslow'g Soothing Srrtn'
Han been n«e<l over BO years by millions of motaeri
for their children whim Teething with perf.-c. *a>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, all*?!
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tha Bowel) ail
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arUm;
iroin teething or other cause*, . .For sals by JOruj
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and ate
iuraUi. Wiuslow's Soo:hlns Syrup. aua • mtiu*.
- Cohonaho.— Atmosphere Is perfectly iir-r. „••
ami mild, being, entirely free from the mists attro
mon farther nor: h. Bound-trip tlclseti. . by itu^
ship, Including fifteen days' board at ma lloiai l->.
Coronado, ioO: <ouser stay. $-> 51) per>W. <**>*••/
».\tw j-ouij-oiuery st., SanFr&'icUco.
As an expectorant Ayor'a Cherry Pectoral
instantly relieves the bronchial tubes at the
mucus that obstructs and irritates them.
Fall styles Standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., near Sinn.
The Kine of Greece delights in taking recre
aUon in the fields. He can plow, cut ana bind
corn, milk cows, and. in Bhort. could at a
pinch, keep a farm going single-handed.
NEW to-i>at;
•■•*—— , ...... ,  . , ,
ill SMPS
Ik H a* yliiiiij
3.25 DINNER SET
0 complete for 6 persons, 54 piece*,
6.75 DINNER SET
, complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET :
— - Decorated, lor a persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
■ Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces
Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
PRETTY DECORATION.
Will Cost You Double Elsewhere.
SEE THEM.
PPIIIT ( 45c per Doz. Pints,
1 R > uu ) 55c per Doz. Quarts.
IADC I 75c per Doz. Half Gallons.
orkiv*-?. < 30c per Doz. Jelly Glasses.
Great Aiericanlfflprtiiiii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES*.
1344 Market st. | 4 6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st '- : v
140 Sixth st. aooB Fillmor'e rt. :
617 a . r , ny st. 96 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth ft.
«:ai Montgomery avtt. 104 Second st. .
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st. -
53 Market at. (Headquarters), S. P.
1033 Washington st. v 616 E. Twelfth st.
til San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alamcda.FRIDAY .TbKPTKMBKR 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Balcwtv theater.- "Madame Sans Gene."
California Thkatkb.—" On the Bowery. '
COI.CMBIA THKATER-"The Wife."
joFOFr«.> tn"KR*-HocBK-"The Great Brook-
lyn Handicap."
Tivoli < PKHA-Hor»«.-" -
Orphkum— '-Class Vaudeville.
aica7ab Theater.- "All the Comforts of
Home."
£ tttro BATHS-Bathlng and performances.
moor thk CHPTES-Dally « Halght street,
cue block east of the Paris.
Circus— At central Park.
Mechanics' Instititk Pathiok—
ninth Industrial Exposition.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. Levy & Co.-ThU day (Friday),
Fnratture at salesroom. 1136 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Indiana auction Co.-This day (Friday).
Furniture, etc.. at 1057 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
By L. Vincknt— This day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at 2003 California street, at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. JiiTTKßFiitr.D— This day (Frl
4ay), Furniture, at 448 Ninth street, near Bryant ,
ai 11 o'clock. ■ ■
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Fair Friday with fog in the morning i* to
day's weather prediction.
Commissioner Higglns, a noted globe-trot
tin? Salvationist, will visit this City next
month.
The Police Department has tacitly agreed to
allow tne patrolmen to act as health in
spector*.
The woman suffrage campaign opened last
night with a monster mass-meeting in Metro
potitan Temple.
Over 5000 people attended the Mechanics'
Exposition last night, the particular attrac
tion being Italian night.
The Republican County Committee last
evening issned a call for a primary election to
be held on Septemoer 19.
A successful musicale was given last night
at the Association Auditorium for the benefit
of the Mission Y. M. C. A.
Thomas G. Cantrell of the National Iron
Works, a life-long Democrat, has come out for
McKiuley and protection.
Jack Sheehan, formerly captain of the Stan
ford baseball team, has been made manager of
the Olympic football eleven.
C. P. Huntington has written to the Bureau
o£ Foreign Commerce of this City and has
made a plea for cheap foreign labor.
Ye Ylng, the editor of the Chinese War Cry,
has just returned from the Salvation Army
International Exposition in London.
A large amount of stolen property found in
the room of Henry Meyer, a Durglar, arrested
last Sunday, has been identified by the owners.
Chris Chrlstensen was arrested and charged
with attempting to break in:o the residence of
George McCraitn, 311 Cnurch street, Tuesday
night.
A party of well-known Southern Pacific rail
road men left the City last evening for a trip
to Lake Tahoe via Placerville and Strawberry
Mountain.
A Veteran Association has been formed by
charter membersof the Army and Navy RecuD
lican League and temporary officers have
been eiected.
Richmond, the district by the sea, while it
shows a marked improvement and an increase
in its population has its troubles over super
visorial neglect.
Ella Holsten, sister-in-law of Henry Braun
schweiger Jr., who married the notorious Sadie
Niclio's, swore to a complaint yesterday charg
ing him with battery.
Thr Phoenix Republican Club met last night
and adopted resolutions censuring the State
Beard of Equalization for increasing the a«
ses.-ment oi .San Francisco.
John J. McCarthy, one of the men suspected
oi attempting to rob the First National Bank
in Los Aiigeies iast May, was arrested in this
City alter an exciting struggle.
The Rev. E. Naugsh, for thirty-eight years
a missionary oi India, who is here, says
Madras is a hotbed of poisonous reptiles. He
h«t> seen a cobra commit suicide.
General Appraiser Somerville has just ren
dered a decision in the matter oi imported
Japanese matting, in which the position as
sumed by Collector Wise is reverseo.
Unjust charges ol discrimination have been
made against the Valley road and petitions
are being circulated pledging shippers to give
their freight to the Southern Pacific.
F. J. Morgan, the train-robber w t:o was shot
near Sacramento on Sept- mber 5, was yester
day identified by E. Sells, one of the pro
prietor* of the circus in Central Park.
Robert Moffitt, a molder, was arrested yes
terday on charges oi malicious mischief, as
sault with a deadly weapon and battery as a
result of his celebration on Admission day.
.Superintendent Flint made public yesterday
the work done iv his division, the eighth,
during the fiscal year ending June 30 last.
Nearly half a billion letters and parcels were
handled.
The capital stock of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company is $20,000,000. This
represents the consolidated capital of the gas
company and the Edison Light and Power
Company.
The Goto leper remedy now used at the Pest
house has arrested the ravages of the disease
in those using it. The supply is nearly ex
hausted and there is no money with which to
replenish it.
Louis Windmuller, a wealthy merchant and
gold Democrat of New York, is at the Palace-
He says a great political right is on in Illinois,
Michigan and Indiana. He says lowa is cer
tain for McKinley.
Fire Marshal Towe, after makine an investi
gation into the cause of a fire at 920 Post
street on Wednesday, has come to the conclu
sion that a thief had set the place on fire to
cover up his crime.
The City Legislative Convention of the
Populist party met and organized last even
ing at their tent, corner Market and Larkin
streets. J. R. Ruchsttll was chosen chairman
and G. D. Gillespie, secretary.
Oliver Winthroß took the stand in his own
behalf yesterday and told a strange story of
his relationship with James Campbell. He
declared that Campbell remained voluntarily
in the California-street cottage.
James Robin?on, a messenger-boy, was held
up and robbed of a scarfpin, last evening
by Nick Murphy, 13 years of age, and
another youngster whose name is unknown
Murphy was arrested and charged with the
crime.
The attorneys for Mrs. Oelrlchs and Virginia
Fair filed their answer to Van R. Paterson's
opposition to the Fair will of the 24th, yester
day, and gave notice that they wouid to-day
move for an order setting the cause for imme
diate trial.
The Sin Francisco Gaslight Company, having
consolidated with the Edison Light and Power
Company, will not disincorporate, but will
continue, its corporate existence to manage
real estate and other property not embraced
in the combine.
Resolutions demanding prompt legal action
■gainst the State Board of Equalization for
raising the assessment roll of San Frnncisco
were adopted last night by the Merchants'
As-ociation in ■ joint meeting with the Citi
zens' Chnrter Association.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will hold
its ninth annual convention at the Hotel del
Mar. Santa Cruz, beginning next Tuesday
morning. During the year the society dis
bursed over Sf9ooo m clothing, fuel, medicine,
provision and cash among deserving poor
pvople.
HEW TO-DAY.
Eczema baby
Grew Worse under Treatment of Beat
Physicians. Tried
CUTICURA REMEDIES
Great Change In Five Days and To-day Is
Entirely Cured.
My baby had Eczema in its worst form.
One of the best physicians in the city attended
her but she continued to pet worse all the
time. " He finally admitted ho v.-.-.a it his wits'
end. I then pot Ccticura Remedies, and in
a few day* noticed a great change in her con-
dition. She continued to improve and to-day
in entirely cured, lias nice bead of hair, and is,
lively and hearty. I spent considerable money
for drugs and doctor's bills, which was useless.
J. B. JACOBS, 2031 Wilkins Aye., Bait., Md.
Brs*DT Cum TREATUXST.-W.rm baths irith C-n-
-ccra Soap, etntle application* o f Cutichiia (ointment),
the treat > kin care, and mild (loot* of Uiticoba R^sol-
vrxT, greatest of humor core*.
SoM throughout the world. Pries. Ccticu*a Bu
BoAr.V«.: Risor.rcKT..»e .»nd ll. PotikeDbooa»d
Ciiem. ron-.. Sole Prop*.. Bwton.
■3T " How to Cure Every kin Humor," mailed free.
ENEMIES OF THE
VALLEY ROAD.
Unfair Attempts Made to
Bring It Into Dis-
favor.
PROTEST AT STOCKTON.
Unfounded Charges of Discrimi
nation Made Against
the Line.
ORIGIN OF THE OPPOSITION.
The Conditions Complained of Brought
About by the Southern
Pacific.
Opposition of a peculiar character, and
inspired solely by selfish motives, has
made itself manifest botli in this City and
in Stockton against the San Francisco and
SanJoaquin Valley Railroad. So far nas
this already gone that a protest was filed
at a recent meeting of the City Council of
Stockton against granting certain addi
tional privileges to tne Valley road, and
petitions are being circulated in San Fran
cisco, in Stockton and in the country im
mediately adjacent to the latter city
pledging the signers to withhold their
business from the Valley road and to give
it to the Southern Pacific In preference.
The ostensible basis for this onset upon
the great monopoly's first and only gen
uine competitor is set forth in the petition
filed with the StocKton Council, which
reads as follows:
To the Honorable the City Council of the City of
Stockton — Gentlemen: As property-owners iv
the City oi Stockton and engaged in business
therein, we respectfully protest against grant
ing; any more privileges to the so-called Valley
Railway Company, unless the discrimination
in the schedule of rates of freight against
Stockton shall be removed and not be re-estab
lished.
In this behalf we respectfully represent: In
wheat rates the Valley Railway Company dis
criminates against Stockton by at least 10
ceuts per ton in favor of Port Costa; in fact,
they simply treat Stockton as a way station.
Tate, for instance, their rates of freight from
Merced to Stockton and Port Costa:
Rate from Merced to Port Costa, including
unloading and transferring to barge at Stock
ton and unloading barge ai Port Costa, along
side ship or wharf. $2 20.
Rate from Merced to Stockton, but not in
cluding unlonding and transferring to barge at
Stockton, $1 70.
Cost to receiver at Stockton of unloading and
transferring to barge if wheat i» put into ware
house at Siorston, 10 cents.
Rate of ireigiit by barge from Stockton to
i alongside ship or wharf atl'ort Costa, 50 cents;
total if 2 30.
Discrimination in ffavor of Port Coeta as
agninst Stockton receivers, 10 cents.
You will note from the above that receivers,
i like ourselves, of grain at Stockton have to do
| the unloading and transferring at their own
! cost, whereas such service is comparatively
| performed cratis by the Valley Railway Com
pany for receivers at Port Costa.
The Valley Railway's excuse for so handi
t capping Stockton as a grain center is that it
would be suicidal on the part of the Valley
Railway Company to increase the differential
Detween Stockton and Port Costa, for if they
were to do so_ the Southern Pacific Company
would immediately follow suit by mtking a
reduction in the all-rail freight to Port Costa.
The Southern Pacific Company does not ask
the Valley Railway Company to grant them
j the privilege ot breaking rates, and certainly
the Valley Railway' Company should, with all
| their vauntei expressions of independence, lot
I able to break rau-s without the consent of the
j Southern Pacific Company.
For some unaccountable reason the Valley
! Railway prefers to foster '.he Southern Pacific's I
I terminal, Port Costa, ior grain than foster
| Stockton, the town which by iv liberality to
! the Valley Railway made- the establishment of
I its road feasible. Considering what Stockton
has done for the Vall.y Railway it appears
outrageous that this railway company shouM
have so arranged its rates of freight as to in
-1 jure Stockton.
The Southern Pacific Company for a great
many years has kept Stockton as a wheat cen
ter on a parity with Port Costa, and it has
been the action of the Valley Railway that h.is
disturbed this parity. We consider that the
City Council, before bestowing further privi
leges on the Valley Railway Company, should
provide that such privileges shall not be used
to the cletriu-en: ot Stockton, as has been the
case with the other privileges granted to the
Valley Railway.
We think that one of the first conditions to
be exacted by Stockton in -riving away valu
able rights of way should be that there "should
be no arrangement of freight rates as to dis
criminate agp.iiist Stockton in favor of another
locality. The Valley Railway, instead of bene
fitting Stockton as a grain center, has taken
the initiative steps to destroy it as such. Tiie
City Council, having the power, owes to Stock
ton the exercising oi that power to check and
remove such initiative steps. Before tne
granting of any more privileges let It be pro
vided that Stockton shall not be discriminated
against in rates of freight, and that the
present discrimination shall be removed.
It may be that the Valley Railway repre
sentative, by the muddling of figures, will
demonstrate that the Valley Railway is not
discriminating against Stockton. We will un
deriake to prove to any intelligent man that
they are discriminating aeainst Btockton as
regards grain.
We therefore respectfully but earnestly pro
test against granting the additional franchises
and privileges sought or any other privilege
until assurance shall be given that the dis
crimination now existing against Stockton, its
wheat-buyers and wheat receivers and other
business interests shall be removed and satis
factory contract made providing against any
such discrimination in the future. Very re
spectfully yours,
Stockton Warehouse Company.
C. L. Otis, Manager.
A3 will be seen from the foregoing tne
rub of the whole trouble lies in the charge
of 10 cents a ton, made for handling the
wheat placed in storage at Stockton. This
j means that wheat placed in warehouses at
: Stockton and then'exported pays a charge
I of 10 cents a ton more than that ware
housed at and exported from Port Costa
I and warehouse pointss common to the
latter.
Those engaged in arousing opposition to
; the Valley road are trying to saddle the
■ blame for this condition of things upon
', the new road, when it is a notorious fact
I that the discrimination which Stockton
i suffers from is due to the action of the
I Southern Pacific in abolishing the charge
i for handling wheat at Port Costa, for tne
| purpose of drawing the entire wheat ex
port business from Stockton, and at the
same time handicapping the Valley road
on this cJass of freight. The actual re
sult has been that the Stockton ware
housemen have suffered from this move
of the Southern Pacific, tut the Valley
road has mar.aged to retain its full com
petitive power against its rival.
b fore the Valley road entered the field
the Southern Pacific charged 75 cents more
a ton to carry wheat to Port Costa from
the interior of the San .loaquin Vailey
than it did to Stockton. When the Valley
road issued its schedule of grain rate?,
cutting those of the Southern Pacific from
25 10 33}* per cent, it made the difference
between Stockton and Port Costa 50 cents.
Up to this time the Southern Pacific had
been making a charge for handling wheat
at Port Costa as well as at Stockton, but
when the Valley road cut the t,'rain rates
the Southern Pacific not only met the cut
but secretly abolished the charge for
handling wheat at Port Costa, thus creat
ing the discrimination against Stockton
by maintaining the charge for handling at
that roint.
In order to offset this discrimination,
the creation of the Southern Pacific, the
Valley road is now asked by the ware
housemen of Stockton to increase the dif
ference in the rates between Stockton ami
Port Costa to 60 cents per ton, so aa to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
place Stocfeton on an equality with Port
Costa in tht matter of exporting wheat.
This, it is claimed by the Valley road
people, cannot be done. To attempt it,
they say, would be to drive all the busi
ness of this character to the Southern Pa
cific, whose differential between Stockton
| and Port Costa is only 50 cents, and thus
! the Valley road would lose this business,
I and not a pound of it would pass through
Stockton, as it would be taken out of the
valley by the way ot Lathrop. On the
other hand, should the Valley road re
duce its rates from valley points to Stock
ton by 10 cents, the cut. would promptly
be met by the Southern Pacific and the
present differential between Stockton and
Port Costa wouid thus be maintained,
without any advantage having accrued to
the warehousemen ot Stockton.
"We are oerfectly helpless in this mat
ter," said Vice-President Watt of the
Valley road in speaking of the condition
of affairs of which complaint is made;
"and the people who are stirring np this
feeling against us know perfectly well that
we are not at fault. Their motive is purely
selfish and the attack upon us simply ma
licious. There are two interests whose
representatives principally are instigating
this antagonism. These are the Stockton
Warehouse Company, owned by Girvin &
Eyre of this City, and the Union Trans
portation Company, of which Mr. Gillis
of Stockton is president and manager.
The coming of the Valley road has tended
to interfere, in their opinion, with the
profits they had been making previous to
its advent.
"One of the big savings effected for the
farmer by our road was the abolition of
tbe switching charges at Stockton, which
were 15 cents a ton. The Stockton Ware
house Company had a special contract
with the Southern Pacific Company
whereby they paid the railroad only 5
cents a ton. and were therefore in a posi
tion to make 10 cents more a ton on all the
grain they handled for the farmer than
j the other warehouses of Stockton. The
j loss of tiiis advantage to them is what
makes them sore against our road. They
lose sight, however, of the fact that what
; was their individual loss is the gain of
| every farmer who now ships wheat out of
| the valley.
"The animus of the Union Transporta
tion Company is even more apparent.
WLen we were ready to begin operating
| our road we made an arrangement with
| the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company to handle all our business
j between Stockton and San Francisco, as
I tnis company was the only one equipped
to handle the business. Manager Gillis of
the rival transportation company acknowl
edged that his company did not have an
adequate equipment to give the service re
! quired, but he desired that we should re
j frain from billing shipments through to
l San Francisco and that we should dump
i our freight at Stockton and let the rival
companies tnere fight for the business.
But this we could not do in justice to the
I patron? of our road, who couid not be ex
j pected to employ an agent at Stockton to
; look after the trans-shipment of their
j freight from there.
"Manager Giilis of the Union Transpor
tation Company makes no secret to us of
i his feeling against the Valley road for
: having made this contract with his rival
I and has stated to me personally that he
j would use every effort in his power to in
jure the interests of the Valley road."
Another of the Valley road officials
stated that Mr. Girvin of the firm of Gir
! vin & Eyre was personally circulating pe
| titions in this City pledging merchants
j who had freight for valley points to ship
jit over the Southern Pacific. Similar peti
tions, the officers of the Valley road hay?
information, are being circulated in and
about Stockton.
MUSIC FOR THE MISSION
A Successful Musicale Given
at the Association
Auditorium.
Ms. Strelitz Davis Makes Her Debut
on H.r R turn From
Berlin.
A very successful concert was given last
' night at the Association Auditorium for
the benefit of the Mission Y. M. C. A.
The body of the hall was well filled with
I listeners, who encored moat of the num
■ bers on the programme, and who vijor
j ously applauded all the musical fare pro
vided.
A feature of the entertainment was the
j reappearance of Mrs. Strelitz Davis, who
has been studying in Berlin for the last
, year and a half. She chose Liszt's "Hun-
I garian Rhap^odie," No. 10, as the medium
fjr pre-onting herself to the audience. t>he
played it w:th a dash and brilliancy
which won warm applause. Mrs. Strelitz
| Davis also gave a sympathetic rendering
I to the pianoforte score of a trio, opus 42,
j by Niels W. Gade.
The other players in the trio were A.
' Strelitz. violinist, and H. Strelitz, 'cellisu
j Margaret Davis, a very young pianist,
! played Weber's "Invitation to the Dance"
j and Schubert's "Impromptu," op 142, In
a very clever and appreciative manner.
Arruand Solomon, a violinist well
I known locally, gave a clever rendering of
a "Polonaise" in D major, by Wienawski.
As an encore he ulayed Sdolit's lovely
melody, "Rose Softly Blooming," and
rendered it so expressively that the audi
ence seemed to want a second encore.
Professor Roscoe Lucy accompanied Mr.
I Solomon very effectively. H. Strelitz won
an encore for his nieasing rendering of the
'cello solo, "Ellgie Kumraer." He was
accompanied by Mrs. Strelitz Davis.
Mme. Herniine Smith gave a forceful
rendering of Rubinstein's pianoforte solo,
"Waltz Caprice." to which she waoobliged
to respond with an encore. She also
played' Liszt's transcription of "Tann
j hauser."'
The vocalists who assisted all succeeded
in creating a favorable impression. The
California male quartet was encored, and
Mrs. E. M. Gallahoru and H. O. Page's
vocal duet, "Edenland," won much ap
plause. C. H. Randall accompanied the
la;ter vocalists.
Of the vocal soloists, Dr. R. W. Smith
sang Behrend's "Daddy" effectively, and
Rev. J. George Gibson was applauded for
his rendering of "O Restless Sea." Miss
Florence Wyman-Gardner's high ringing
soprano voice was listened to with the ap
preciation it merited. H. D. Page gave a
comic vocal sketch, "The Thomas Cat That
Came in ou' Back Yard."
Miss Elizabeth Bartlett, the only re
citer of tlie entertainment, gave a clever
readme of a atory, the seen.' of which was
laid in Russia.
TH EIR Si A E SHOOT.
Scores Made by the Members of Com-
pany F, Fifth Infantry, N. G C.
On the first day of the September annual
Sate shoot the following scores were
made by the members of Company F,
I Fifth Infantry. X. G. 0.:
Lieutenant W. H. Cobblestick 46, Captain G
H \Yethern44, D. C. Preston 43, E. P. Wells 42
'■ L. X Darling 42. R. H. Stocking 42, Sergeant
J. F. Hintemeyer 41. S'rgeintH. E. Harvey
41, B. V. }'ar--ons 41, Quartermaster Sergeant C.
<". Covftlt 40, W. NRrs 40. Corporal A W
Blakeiy 39. T. Barker 39. J. T. Brewis 39, S J
I Swai . W - rjj.-ant H. T. Bennett 38, J. H.
linker 38, Musician H. J. Howland 36, J. S.
Carnly 88. F. W. Miner 38, M. H. Morse 38,
A. Senrs 38. W. E HI kelv 37, F. R. « art.r 37,
B 'Inn en M . Q. 1. Hanson 37, F. W. L. Bal
ktster Mi, w. W. Rowe 36, C. W. Scott 36, W. B.
i (irimn 34. A. K. H irfriß- 34, P. Johnson 34,
l:. - Madx* 34, A. J. Webb 34. P. M. Leonard
33, Corporal M. I). Bird 32, F. benulze 32, G. G.
Axx3l. M B >gen 31, R. H. Shaw 30, H. M
Trrrel iiO, S A. rlaxley 29, J. P. MrC'rodden 29,
U. M. Crew 28, R. T. Welch 19, G. T. Watters 18
It is considered that Japanese men are
among the best needle workers in the
world, their only equals being the women
of Russia.
New and beautiful tints in tissue paper and
silk shades are here. Sanborn, Vail * Co. *
A BANK-ROBBER
IS CAPTURED
He Is Wanted by the Chief
of Police of Los
Angeles.
BEEN HERE SIX WEEKS.
John J. McCarthy, One of the
Gang That Tried to Rob the
First National Bank.
FXCITING STRUGGLE ON A CAR.
Attempted to Shoot the Officer Who
Arrested Him, but Was Over
powered.
Since last June, when a bold attempt
was made to rob the First National Bank
of Los Angeles, every effort has been
made to capture the men. "Quirt" Jones
J. J. McCARTHY, Charged With Bank Robbery.
was arrested in Spokane a few days ago,
and Wednesday night another was ar
rested in this City and is now in the tanks
at the City Prison awaiting the arrival of
an officer from Los Angeles to take him
back.
The man arrested is John J. McCarthy.
He came here about six weeks ago with a
woman named Mr?. Lffslie and engaged a
room at 11 Eddy street. Captain Lees, who
had been in constant communication with
Chief Qlass of Los Angeles, soon after
ward learned of his arrival and detailed
Detectives Dillon and Crockett to arrest
him.
It was not an easy task, as the bouse, 11
Eddy street, has an entrance also from
Market street, ana McCarthy was wary.
About two weeks ajjo he was seen to enter
the house, and a descent was made upon
what was thought to be his room. It
proved to be the wrong room and McCar
thy made his escape.
After that Policeman P. Sullivan, who
knew McCarthy, was detailed to assist
Dillon and Crockett, and day and nieht
both entrances to the house were covered
and the officers had instructions to follow
Mrs. Leslie wherever she went.
Thursday night, about 9 o'clock, she !
left the house by the Eddy street entrance
and walked up Powell street to Union i
square. She remained there for about an ;
hour and walked to the corner of Post |
street. A car came along and she boarded j
it and took a seat beside a man. Sullivan
bad boarded the car after her and recog- j
nized the man aB McCarthy. He promptly j
placed him under arrest, and quick as a
flasb McCarthy drew a revolver from his
pocket. Sullivan grappled with him,
threw him down and cailed upon the mule
passengers to assist him. A young man
went to bis assistance, and after a brief
struggle the handcuffs were put on Mc-
Carthy and he was dragged from the car.
Sullivan blew his whistle and Policeman
T. B. Gibson answered the call. McCarthy
was marched to the corner of Eddy and
Powell streets and the patrol wagon was
summoned and McCarthy was soon in
"the tanks,"
His trunk was later taken from the
Eddy-street lodging-house to the City
Prison. Tbe room which McCarthy had
occupied on Mission street was located
yesterday, but nothing was in it belonging
to McCarthy except some articles of cloth
ing. In the room at 11 Eddy street a hand
vise and some files were found and taken
to police headquarters.
Captain Lees refused yesterday to per
mit any one to see McCarthy, as lie wanted
the officers who were coming from Los
Angeles to ha*'e the opportunity first of ;
interviewing him. The captain said he :
had a falK with McCarthy yesterday I
morninp and he admitted tuat he knew j
"Quirk" Jones, who is known as an all- j
round crook. Jones owned the sa'oon at j
112 Commercial street, from which the I
tunneling operations were commenced to J
reach the bank.
McCarthy is a New Yorker an I is now '
about 36 years of age. He is a sailor and i
claims to have been a mate on vessels j
traaintr to South American pom and also |
from Liverpool, England, to European
ports. He is an athlete and pugilist and j
has at different times fought in the rin«,
by which he became known to Policeman j
Sullivan, who is something of an athlete '
himself.
McCarthy's criminal record so far as
known is not very great. He is known as i
a general all-round thief. He was arrested
In Seattle in 1892 with "Shorty" Adams,
and Ed, alias "Deafy," Connelly, for crack- j
ing a safe. Adams and Connelly got seven |
years each and McCarthy escaped punish- j
ment by turning State's evidence. About
two years ago ho was arrested in Los
Angeles for shootin? a man in a ■saloon,
but succeeded in getting an acquittal.
Tbe attempt to rob the bank in May
last created a great sensation at the time.
The robbers began tunneling from the
cellar of Jones' saloon, 112 Commercial i
street, and had excavated a distance of 1
about forty yards when the discovery was '
made by the police. There was $.500,000
Coin in tbe bank vaults and tie robbers j
haO reached the arched chamber beneath
them.
They apparently not only contemplated j
robbery, but also the covering up of all
traces of, their crime by blowing up the
buildings in the vicinity, as they had
thirty-one sticks of giant powder, three
boxes of percussion caps and 200 feet of
fuse.
It was believed that about a dozen men
were implicated in the attempt. The
planning was done in this City, and the
directions sent out from here by two
noted crooks. Matheny and Ryerson. Mc-
Carthy is supposed to have been one of
the leaders of the gang of tunnelers, and
his arrest, is considered very important.
There Are several other men to be ar
rested yet, and it is i.oped that McCarthy's
capture may lead to their identification.
LOS ANGELES DELIGHTED.
News of the Capture of the Bank
Robber In This City Well
Received.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 10.— The
police of this city, and especially Chief
Glass, are delighted over the news from
San Francisco of the arrest of one John
McCarthy, alias Bigelow, alias Madden,
implicated in the famous tunnel scheme
to rob the First National Bank of this city.
Detective Bradish of this city is now on
his way to San Francisco armed with a
warrant charging McCarthy with burg
lary. In the opinion of the police here
McCarthy was the ringleader and planner
of the attempted bank robbery referred to,
which in many respects has no parallel in
the annals of crime for boldness, deter
mination and intrepidity.
On the evenitiEr of June 6 'ast this city
was stirred from center to c rcumference
by tne astoundine announcement that a
gasg of burglars had dug an underground
tnnnel from the basement of a saloon on
Commercial street to a point beneath the
money vaults of the First National Bank,
which fronts on Main street and is 175 feet
from the place of starting. This work
from its nature must have required many
weeks if not months to accomplish and
was carried forward under the very eyes of
the pol'ce and the public, who had daily
access to the saloon affording the blind
for all the work When the discovery was
made it wa> too late to rapture me dirt
diggers. I\.< y iial smeiled a mice and
skipped, leaving their :ool«, apparatus and
dynamite stores Debind them. The police,
detectives nnd everybody else was at sea
as to who could have nlanned and executed
I this marvelous work. The whole job
smacked of experts and there was talk
i gn'ore of a number of well-known bank
i robbers, including the Matbeny-Ryerscn
gang.
The police found an idle fellow here
named Stephens, some days afterward,
and put him in jail, but after long search
ing for clews to connect Stephens with the
daring deed it was abandoned and the
prisoner released. Only a few days ago
Fred L. Jones, who formerly conducted
the saloon at the Commercial-street end
of the tunnel, was arrested at Spokane,
Wash., and brought back, and is now in
jail awaiting his preliminary examination
I on the charge of complicity in the at-
I tempted crime. Jones was seen to-day
after the arrival of tbe news of McCarthy's
arrest by a Call correspondent and asked
if he had beard about it. He expressed
I inoifference to the arrest, saying, "I don't
care how many people they arrest." When
i asked if he knew a John McCarthy,
Bigelow, Madden or Matheny he declined
ito answer. "Jimmy" Madden is now in
! State prison at Foisom, and it is said
! olairns to know every man concerned in
I the attempted tunnel robbery.
FIVE SHOTS FIRED.
Michael Shay '. mptiei His Revolver
■Without Effect at Jack Uouley In
a Mission Saloon.
Felix Dugan's saloon, southwest corner
of Sixtb and Howard streets, was the scene
ofasbootini; affray Wednesday evening,
in which Mike Shay tired five shots at
Jack Dooley. None of the shots took
effect.
Snav was promptly arrested by Officers
Regan and Marshall and booked at the
Southern station on a charge of assault to
murder. He tells a tale to the effect that
he and a man named Jack Lo^an called at
Dooley's home on Clementina street yes
terday afternoon, and that Dooley's wife
gave Lopan $2 to hire a buggy for herseif
and sister to go to the races at Ingleside.
Logan and hiojseli, so Shay says, then
went to inßleside in a cart. While there
S'iay told Dooley of Loeran's receiving
money from Dooley's wife for buggy hire.
Dooley grew angry and wanted to fight
Shay, who left the cart and came home in
a car.
He ?ays he then went to Dugan's saloon,
when Logan and Dooley came in together,
with tbree or four more, and assaulted
him. He was struck in the eye, and con
sequently tired tbe shots in self-defense.
The arresting officers state that Dooley
and Shay were quarreling in the saloon
and that the former invited Shay to the
siilewnlk for settlement. As soon as Dooley
was outside Shay stepped to the door and
did the shootinjr.
Dooiey's version could not be had, as he
escaped arrest by fleeing. Au officer was
detailed to arrest him at his home. 135
Courtland avenue. Shay is a horse- tamer,
24 years old.
HEW TO-DAT.
i fe|g|p^ PEERLESS V
> P^3|2S^bl Evaporated (
®m^ CREAM
/ iB^EVAFOf^ 3 Does not spoil \
> frO ••SBrjpßß^ti''' ' J PREPARED BY M
M \^^^gCTg^^ar New York Condensed \
POLICEMEN AS
HEALTH INSPECTORS
Every Structure in San
Francisco to Be
Examined.
BLANKS ARE FURNISHED
Advantage Taken of Old Orders
of the Board of Sup
ervisors.
A HOUSE TO HOUSE CANVAS 3
The Health Authorities Make Up for
a Lack of the Requisite
Employes.
The Police Department has tacitly
acquiesced in the request of the Health
Department that all regular and special
policemen having regular beats be made
to act as health inspectors, and 10,000
blanks are now being printed at the re
quest of the Board of Health for the use of
the patrolmen.
Several days ago the members of the
Health Board were informed that the
Board of Supervisors had by an ordinance
made reeuiar and special police ex-omcio
health inspectors, and the lollowing letter
was sent to the board by the Police Com
missioners:
Gentlemen: The Board of Health of this City
desires to express its obligation to your honor
able body and its thorough appreciation of
the efficient services rendered by the Police
Department in the matter of securing and in
creasing the public health of this City.
Inasmuch as there are only six regular
health inspectors, a number utterly made- j
quate for a city seven miles square, and mas- ;
much as by order 1601 of the Board of Super
visors "every regular and special police officer
having a regular beat shall by ex-officio health
inspector," the board requests your aid and
co-operation In rnakintr a house to house in
spection ol every building and structure and
of all premises and portions of tnis City, with
a view ol determining every building, struc
ture, premise or part of the City which is an
unsanitary condition am. menaces the health
or life of its inhabitants.
Should your honorable body co-operate with
this board we will furbish all necessary blanks
and instructions for the proper andefficient
accomplishment of a thorough inspection of
the City. We are, dear sirs, yours very truly,
The Board of Health op the City and County
of tAN Francisco, Cal.
Captain Healy of the Police Depart
ment canea at the Health Office yester
day and requested to be furnished with
the blanks that are used by Health In
spectors. He intimated that the request
i>f the board would be complied with by
the Police Department, whereupon Secre
tary Godchaux at once ordered 10,000
blank forms.
This means that every policeman In San
Fra ncisco will make a hou^e to house can
vass of his beat, and that every house in
San Francisco will be inspected to ascer
tain its sanitary condition. The matter
will be formally acted upon at the next
meeting of the Police Commission.
HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Rattling Games Played on
Admission Day. . .
There were several good parries played
in the handball courts Wednesday. At the
San Francisco Court E. Toye and F. Kelly
defeated C. Hntchmson and J. White,
2i— l2, 18—21, 21—9. Robert Shea and
W. Hamilton defeated Tom Barry and J.
HEW TO-DAT.
The tea you drink is
trash, unless you either use
Schilling's Best or pay more
money; and you are by no
means sure of good tea for
more money.
If Schilling's Best is not
agreeable to you, your gro-
cer returns your money in
full.
• "•■■'- ■.:.".■■■,
A. Schilling & Company
San Francisco 374
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
/-V-^X TUN AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ i «T\ 11110 EyENINQ AT 8. .
/ §*kdj!jjj, THE TALK OF
ItofeJfcjyEpl^: ALL JbUttSCO!
vsz%BsJM& THE 810 SHOW
■'irij sp||^ OF THE WORLD!
THE GREAT
&E»« ADAM and SELLS
y ft 4-PAW _ BROS.
AMERICA'S
//•i\ GREATEST SHOWS
/ &W« \ COMBINED!
-^^b j^& ( The Largest Menagerie
• in the World.
; \£ •»*•<, 4 BIG CIRCUSES 4
N^SSSn^KsL.' 300 STAR ARTISTS-:}<M>
T^&&3^? 100-GRKAT ACTS— IOO
/ S' ,i Two Herds of Performing
/ W]6i'<Z> Elephants. Educated seals and
- KIT _S» fc!ea Lions. Two Great Hipiio-
•"= W flr poiami. The on y living Rtai-
.^|tts««a>Jj noceros. Greatest Performing
**8-Ttfi y■' Beasts. Beyond all comparison
" * f "' the largest, richest and most
complete A rente and Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances daily
at 2 and Bp. it. Doors ojpen an boar earlier.
Seating capacity 15,000 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar- ,
ket street.
scale of trices: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 years, half price; chain on grand
s:»ni!, ¥1; private. boxes with six seats, $9 00;
single seats In private boxes, $1 60.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LABKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
THIS AFTERNOON
Friday Afternoon, Sept. 11, HIGH SCHOOL DAY
m — — T:}-NIGHT- — •
Friday Evening, Sept. 11...
IjKNJVIAN GRAMMAR SCHOOL
Saturday Afternoon, Sept. 12. FANCY DANCING
By Small Cht dren. 4 Prizes.
wire for THE We BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
Prizes— Five Sterling Silver Trophies.
Admission 25c, Children 15c-
' OPEN DAY AND EVENING. ' / '•'.'•
, HEW to- day:
I Poor 1
I Pilgarlic; I
| there is no need for you l|
jo to contemplate, a wig |
gj when you can enjoy the g
jsj pleasure of sitting again [|
§j under your own "thatch." §
jo You can begin to get w
§ your hair back as soon «
| as you begin to use i^
I- Ayer's. |
1 Hair Vigor. i
Rnddick, 21—19. 11—21. 21—10. W. Stana
bury and Ed Toy defeated J. Reynolds
and J. White, 21—11, 18—21, 21-^B. J.
Riordan, coast champion, and D. Connolly
defeated J. C. Nealon and AI Pennoyer.
21—16, 12—21. 21—9, 18—21, 21—14.
At the Union Court the chief attraction
was a game between Mike Gorman and
Mike Shaiighnessy and Gilbert Rooney and
Jack Ryan, all employed on the sugar-boat
Resolute. Gorman and Shaughnessy won
after a rattling game by the following
score : 21—16, 17—21, 21—18.
■ • — ♦ — •
Moving to Station D
The mailing department of the San Fran
cisco Postoffice will be removed on Saturday
next from the present quarters on Washington
and Battery streets to Station D at the foot of
Market street. Beginning with next Monday
all second-class matter must be taken to the
latter station. The Pacific Transfer Company
has secured the contract for moving the furni
ture and fixings, and as the work must be done
quickly- twenty teams will be employed. At
the same time station A and F will be removed
t~> the Sacnimeiito-street cable line. Station
M in the Richmond District is now ready for
occupancy, being complete in overy detail.
NEW TO.LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
1 ATTHt 77 1 LARQER
Baldwin audences
MLUffin THAN EVER
Are Enjoylntr the English Version
Of sardou's Great Napoleonic Play,
"MADAME SANS GENE"
WITH KATHRYN X 1 1)1)1 IN
THE TITLE ROI.K.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
- NEXT WEEK
Third and Last iVeelc of
"MADAME SANS GENE",
r . at the A ] TO-NIGHT!
tALIFORNIA this WEEK .
vnurunnin NEXT WEEK ,
Regular Matinee Saturday.
The Great Big Comic Hit,
"ON THE BOWERY!"
Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BRODIE
Champion .Bridge Jumper of the World.
Tivid Pictures of Greater New York*
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— Vsc to $1. Matinees— 2sc. 50c and 75a
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
kiik.-. £.it.xfc»i'i<ri£ ..Rn.rwi. .Proprietor it .aaajfj;
Til© Orand Opera Season
REPERTOIRE "WEEK.
TO-NIGHT—
Donizetti's Favorite Opera,
"T_iXJOI-A.!"
Ida Valerga, Irene Mull, Michelena, DeVrieS!
ADramon', Boyce, Napoleon), etc.
To-morrow IL TROVATOBE
Seats Now on Sale.
The Musical Event of the Season.
Sunday ..veiling, September 13th.
First presentation in this city of Humperdinck'a
Fairy Idyl,
"HANSEL ...AND GREXEIiI"
A Periect Production In Every Detail.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WA.LTKK MORO3CO. Sola 1*8309 aa4 il*u.«.i;
DON'T MISS IT
The Wonderful Race Comedy-Drama,
THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Third Week's Triumph of the Favoiites,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, ED. J. HKRON,
Who will introduce many
NEW SONGS, NEW SPECIALTIES AND
NEW DANCES.
Real Jockeys 1 Real R. cehorses! Real Fan!
■ Evening Prices— loc, 350 and 500.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
%&$?$&$&»
O'Farrell street. Between Stockton ana Powtlt
Week Commencing Monday. Sept. 7,
A GRAND,- GHEAT, KEW BILL.
BELLMAN AND MOORE.VASSAR QUARTET,
FERGUSON AND MACK, TEKRY AND
ELMER, nARQUERITB FLRGESON,
LYOIA YEAMANS TITUS AND OTHERS.
SEE FILSON AND ERROL.
THE TALK OF THE TOWN,
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
'fIUtDLAnutR.GOTTIQD** O> ■ TSrs Ano ma.ia; -as ■ • ■
REMEMBE '. ONLY ONE WEEK OF
"THE XVIPE."
The Great Lyceum Theater Play by
THE KRAWL V COMPANY!
Next Monday. "A MATRIMONIAL MAZE*
Excruciatiugly Funny.
ALCAZAR.
O'Farr 11 >treet, Between Stockton and Powell.
BEiiABCO,.DOAJ.-E & Jordan, lessee* A Managers,
The furiously funny farce-comedy,
"ALL THE COM FORTS Or- HOME."
By the Alcazar Stock Company.
PRICES— ISc. 85c, 35c and 50c. "
. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TELKPHOXK BLACK 991.
Next Week "OURS." ; .
/
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Rail way on EartUt
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. il.
THIS AND EVERY EVENING AT 10.
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan. Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land in th«
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A Great Bill in the Casino.
ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE
• MASONS, JULES KORTO and.
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions. •
ADMISSION— IO CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Uo-Kound KitJe, Scents,
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. it
Concert. Every Afternoon and Evening*
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc.
78
"CALIFORNIA WILL SURELY GIVE A REPUBLICAN MAJORITY AT"
To obtain the truest, clearest view one must ascend to a commanding height. On
this principle the subjoined expressions from Senators from ail sections of the State
upon the political outlook will be read with peculiar interest. Their position as the
political centers of their respective sections gives them unsurpassed opportunities of
receiving and imparting reliable reports of local sentiment. At the same time their
experience and reputation would forbid any distortion of facts or misunderstanding
of existing conditions.
As a matter of fact, these opinions of State Senators kindly furnished The Call
are most valuable, as well as inspiriting, from the standpoint of the grand party of
patriotism, protection and prosperity. They indicate that the people have got their
second thought and are steadily rejecting the sophistries of a desperate Democracy.
They show, too. just in what sections protection is absolutely necessary for the life of
particular industries. Fruit, wool, mining, lumber and other great interests cry aloud
for McKinley and stable government. In the cities the "solid middle class," the back
bone of the people, are rejecting Bryanism as a cheap bait calculated to decoy to his
ruin tde honest voter. From north, south and east come words or wise good cheer.
"The people are showing they are wideawake to their own interests. The Repub
lican banner will be undoubtedly crowned with victory. Immense good has been
done by the press in circulating the truth. McKinley is the workiugman's friend.
Let the good work go on," is the encouraging teno* of the reports.
Students of comparative statistics will also find much matter of interest in the
•stimated vote of the respective districts.
Altogether, from this — perhaps the most valuable symposium yet offered in the
local political campaign — a feeling of confidence in ultimate Republican success is
likely to impress every intelligent reader.
LASSEN, MODOC, SHASTA, SISKIYOU, TRINITY —
Second District.
That Section, According to Senator J. M. Cleaves, Demands' Protection
for Lumber and Mines.
REDDING. Cal., August 27, 1896.
Char!?- M. Shortridge, Editor Call: The prospect for Republican success in Shasta
and in the Second Senatorial Dis-,
Htrict is good and is daily improving.
I The most of our voters are intelligent,
Hhone?t, thoughtful and patriotic miners,
Hthat can be depended upon, in an emer-
Hgency such as now faces the Republican
Hparth, to vote for the best interest of the
Hpeople of the United States. They feel
Hthat the last three years of Democracy is
Hall they ever need, and when asked if they
Hwant four years more of it usually answer
Hno.
The Populists are discouraged and to a
I certain extent demoralized on account of
Ha growing belief that their party has been
Hsold out by its leaders. The fact that
H- I*1 '*" mocracy is the same article, whether
■menTe lumbering interests, Iron mines,
and wool is especially in need of
protection, ana the average voter realizes that protection is the most important prin
ciple involved in this campaign. The development of onr sugar-beet industry is ol
vast and peculiar importance; and in fact, the whole Republican platiorm advocates
nothing that is not locally demanded and generally recognized as progressive. The
contest here is straight atgresive Republicanism vs. negative Democracy.
Congressman Barham is making a gallant and winning canvass in this part of the
State, with many thincs in his favor. Coming as he does, after being tried and found
true to hiß promises, so well prepared with intelligent information on the silverques
tion, he is successfully explaining the fallacies of that doctrine. He stands squarely
on the Republican platform and firmly believes that the only relief for silver mast
come by and through the acts of the Republican party. His course has been so
straight, his integrity so unquestionable that his reelection is almoet assured. The
Populists have virtually no criticisms to make, the Republcians are well satisfied with
his Congressional record and the Democrats question only his protection policy, which
down deep in their hearts, they earnestly hope may win.
William McKinley representing the central political idea— protection— beinp a
thorough American; an old and honored comrade of the Grand Army; a safe, able
and experienced statesman; and having greater ability to restore the confidence of
Americans in America than any man alive to-day, and having for his party's motto
the grandest combination of principles ever advocated, patriotism, prosperity and
protection, will be elected. J. M. GLEaVES, Senator Second District
Senator W. A. Shlppee Is Fully Convinced of the Strong Necessity for a
Republican President and a Protective Policy.
Senator W. A. Sblppee Is one of the most active leaders in his section and has
every opportunity of "sizing op" the
political situation there. He thinks that I
the outlook for a Republican victory at I
the polls in November is more than favor- I
able. In that part of the State, rich in I
natural resources and enriched by the toil I
of far-seeing horticulturists, he says it I
would be strange indeed if the people did I
not see the cogency of Republican reason- I
inc. While the idle echoes of Democratic I
special pleading have penetrated to his I
section it has not, ho says, carried think- I
era off their feet. They are not prepared I
for the sake of a petty and problematical I
advantage to throw away the fruits of a I
/ife of labor, when by electing William I
McKinley President they may secure I
the benefits of their toil for themselves I
and children. Fruit men and agricultur- I
ists of every shade, miners and supporters I
of kindred industries are showing cvi- I
dence of an awakening. They have heard I
the words of the great Ohioan and are re- I
calling the "fat years" of previous Repub- I
lican administrations. Clevelandism has I
become a by-word for misrule and Bryan- L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^H
ism with its experimental jugglery with the sensitive currency of the country bids
fair to come into even greater disrepute. The conservative counsels of experience are
prevailing and the Senator has no hesitation in predicting the ultimate triumph of
the Republican party of progress. Even the professed Democrats are trembling in
the balance, and before November many of them will have joined the grand old
party's ranks.
SUTTER, YOLO, YUBA-Sixth District.
"It Is Only the Unthinking," Says Senator Eugene Aram. "Who Fool
ishly Cry, 'Anything for a Change.' "
The Bixth District comprises the counties
I of Yolo, Yuba and Sutter.
My acquaintance in Yuba and Sutter is
I much more limited than in Yolo, where I
I reside, and it is probably due to this fact
I that my standing is so much better in the
I remote counties in my district than at
I home.
And theorizing along this line per-
I haps we can account for the waning of
I the Bryan boom.
The people hare been getting better
I acquainted with him of late. On National
I issues Yolo and Yuba are always con-
I ceded to go Democratic, while Sutter is
I slightly Republican, and I think the
I Bryan vote will run about with the Cieve-
I land vote of four years ago.
Republicans are standing well in line,
I and leading Democrats who will vote for
I McKinley are numerous.
Truly, the Democrats are losing some
I of the most staunch men of their party,
I men of sterling worth and integrity, men
I who do not believe in running after
I strange cods, who do not think it wise to
I launch onr old ship of state upon an un
NO KERN COUNTY FUSION
Democrats and Populists Unable
to Come to an Under
standing.
New County Conventions to Be Called
and a Split in the Ranks
Probable.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 10.— For
several days past politicians in both the
Democratic and Populist parties have been
hard at work trying to fuse on candidates
for Superior Judge and the Assembly.
The Democratic candidates for those offices
handed in their resignations and th« I'op
labeled '"tariff leform," "free trade," or
"free silver," has a most discouraging
effect upon Populists and especially upon
those who were formerly identified with
the Republicans and many of the latter
throughout this section are not going to
assist in the election of Mr. Bryan.
This portion of the State with its im-
BUTTE, TEHAMA— Fourth District.
ulist Assemblymen did the same, but the
Populist Judge absolutely and peremptor
ily refused to come down.
To-day a joint committee of four from
each party met to discuss the situation,
the meeting being attended by Thomas V.
Cator, who gave advice on the subject.
After a lengthy discussion a resolution
was adopted recommending that the
county conventions of both parties be re
convened on Saturday, September 19, for
the purpose of taking "action in the prem
ises. There are strong factions in both
parties which are entirely opposed to
fusion, and it is probable that both organ
isations will be split on the question.
Cator addressed a large open-air meet
ing here this evening.
Knight at Santa Cru*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 10.— A
rousing meeting under the auspices of the
McKinley and Hobart Club was held this
evening, and was a fitting prelude to the
Santa Cruz County convention, which is
to oe held n>'Xt Monday.
Delegates were selected {or the primaries
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
known and untried «ea. But among the laboring classes, among the horny-handed
sons of toil, who earn their daily bread by the sweat of an honest brow, we find a
different feeling, a different sentiment, and uniess a change is brought about between
now and the ides of November the Democrats will secure a large portion of this vote.
"Anything for a change" seems to be an argument of great weight. They seem to
have forgotten the long era of prosperity under Republican rule and protection; for
gotten that in the name of Democracy a roost radical change was brought about
when Grover Cleveland was first elected President; forgotten that the surplus in our
treasury soon melted away; forgotten that it is during Democratic administrations
that our industries have been paralyzed, factories closed down and labor deprived of
an opportunity to earn an honest dollar; forgotten the unßept promises of four years
ago. Like Patrick, who was told if he would vote for Cleveland he would never work
any more, said: "I voted for Cleveland and have not done a day's work since."
None feel the effects of hard times more keenly than the laboring man. Free
silver has a sound of melody for him who knows what it is to go hungry. But in all
seriousness I would say to such: If you had been engaged in a lucrative business
and by a change of managers and business policy your enterprise was fast approach
ing bankruptcy what would you do? What would any sane business man do? It is
needless to ask. You would simply go back to the old management to iook for pros
perity again. Our Government i*> simply a large business enterprise.
Clevelandism has been a failure. Bryanism is replete with vague and untried
theories, while McKinleyism represents the old management. "Protection to Our
Industries" is the t>arty slogan which will lead us back to prosperity.
EUGENE ARAM.
"The Follylof Following After Strange Gcds." Says SenatorJJ. C. Hollo-
way. "Is Becoming Patent Here."
CLOVE RDALE, Cal., Sept. 7, 1896.
Charles M. Shortridar, Editor Call: To forecast the coming political results of So-
County is a peculiarly difficult un-
■paxtythat we have been trained to watch
tne last thirty years? The candidates
for the Assembly In the Seventeenth Diitrict appear to be Staley, who wants a renorui
nation, and he made a good member two years ago; also Professor Nielson would Jiko
a two months' visit to Sacramento; also Frank Mather would not object and he is
quite popular with the boys and would poll a good vote.
In the Sixteenth District Mr. Price would like to be returned, and as he made an
active and valuable member at the last session his wishes may be respected. Mr.
Meecham of Petaluma will also be a candidate before that convention, and if the
choice should fall to him the Republicans of that district would make no mistake, as
he is an energetic Republican and one who sticks to his convictions, for he knows that
they are generally right.
Any of these gentlemen would well represent Sonoma County and will be quite
sure of an election unless our opponents make a close combination and find some
good men to oppose, and then the chances are doubtful and 'tis anybody's fight.
To analyze the result on the National ticket in advance is at this time and under
existing circumstances a very difficult matter except to give a guess conclusion. As
far as 1 can observe nearly all voters of standing who have something to lose and who
earnestly desire the welfare of all the people of our country, such men without regard
to former political affiliations will sustain the party of protection and prosperity, and
1 find numbers of former Democrats who take that view, but former Populists don't
seem so open to conviction; they sticic to their new faith with a persistency that
woul'l be commendable in a better cause.
We aho have a class of voters who have benn caught by the frenzy or furor of the
Chicago convention and carried off their feet for a time, but many of these will read
McK-nley's letter of acceptance and see the folly of following after such strange gods,
and will eventually conclude to place their votes and faith with the party that is try
ing to give the laboring man a better chance in the race of life.
For Congress Jndge Barham will, if he works hard, be a sure winner by a fair ma
jority—say 1200— in his district. He is a good man and has so far made a cood record.
I predict a small majority for McKinley in Sonoma County. Respectfully yours,
J. C. Holloway.
The Solid Middle Class, Says Senator J. H. Mahoney, Are for McKinley
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 29, 1896.
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor Morning Call — Sib: In reply to your letter of the
25th inst., addressed to me, asking for my^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
vie ?:s concern inz the political situation iH
will state that the present condition ofl
affairs never seemed more favorable forH
the success of the Republican party in theH
State and especially in the Fourth Con-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^B
gressional District-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
My opinion on the political status in
t^id district is not only based upon ex
perience gained by long acquaintanceship
with the Republican voters of the
"Fourth." but in addition thereto I have
taken pains, both by observation and from
conversations had with leading Demo
crats residing therein, to confirm the opin
ion predominant in my district among all
classes, that both the Republican electors
and our nominee for Congress will this
year gain increased strength by the acces
sion to the Republican ranks of hundreds
of Democrats, which augurs well for the
election of McKinley and Hobart.
I 111 in 111 I II 111 l ll I 111 II iiniiß
of the Stale wherein I reside belongH
largely to the great middle class, who are.l
I mifht truthfully say, close students of|
political economy— fully capable of studying the political problems submitted foi
their decision and of arriving at a just and sensible conclusion.
They have as a class more to fear than the very wealthy (judging by their last
four years' experience), the threatened repetition of National misrule and the advent
of hare-brained political schemers, who seek the control of the Government with a
determined purpose and an acknowledged avowal of uprooting everything which is
calculated to promote peace and restore prosperity to our country.
It is, perhaps, needless for me to remark that the middle classes comprise the
great majority upon whom rests the burden of taxation. That they are a thrifty and
a common-sense class the numerous savings deposits and real-estate holdings (as
exemplified by the savings banks' report and the Assessor's books) amply testify.
In their solid ranks, therefore, there cannot be found voters so lacking in discre
tion as to be led astray by the sophistry, wild, impassioned harangues and false
promises of those would-be political leaders, who, ignoring the needs of the Nation
and either lacking a knowledge of finance or cunningly concealing historical facts'
seek to rend asunder the fraternal bonds which link together the people of the North'
the East, the South an.l the West. They therefore refuse to be blinded by the clouds'
of oratorical dust raised by the declaimers of false issues, and realizing keenly the
present depression in commerce they rightfully attribute it to the source whence it
sprung, viz.: the present administration.
There is throughout the entire Fourth District a steadily growing feeling that the
credit of the Nation must be maintained,' and consequently the unanimous sentiment
favors sound money.
Earnest and effective work is being done therein and I feel very confident in
stating that when the polls have closed on November 3 next the Fourth Congressional
District will have redeemed itself and will stand prominently forward in the ranks of
the Republican districts of this State. I remain respectfullyyours,
J. H. MAHONEY.
to be held on Friday, and the utmost en
thusiasm prevailed. There will be a strong
fight between Superior Judge Logan and
District Attorney Lindsay for the nomina
tion for the Superior Jud'geship. The Mc-
Kinley and Hobart Club is prepaiing to
welcome George A. Knight, who will
speak Saturday next and open the cam
paign here.
Active Rational Democrat*.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 10.— The State
Executive Committee of the National
Democratic party to-day issued a call for
a State convention of 330 delegates, to as
semble here September 26, to nominate
Presidential electors and also a full State
ticket if the convention deems that ad
visable.
Members of the State Committee say
that I the National Democrats are ,j prepar
ing to organize all over the State where
they are - not now organized. ' Four years
ago the Democrats cast over 14,000 votes
in this State. National Democratic lead
ers express the belief that they will poll
&000 to 7000 TOtes this fail,
SONOMA-Tenth District.
SAN FRANCISCO— Twenty-Fourth District.
to a Man.
They unhesitatingly declare their object 1
to be to assist in defeating free silver, the
Bryan ticket and the fusion State ticket I
nominated at Ellensburg last month. This
action of the National Democrats causes
Republican leaders to conclude that there
is now absolutely no doubt that Washing
ton will give a majority for tbe Republican
National ticket.
»tr Club at Calittoga.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 10.— A McKinley
and Hobart club was last Monday night
organized at Calistoga, with a member
ship of 150.
It is the firtt Republican club ever
formed in that precinct, and new names
are daily added to its roll. The officers
are: President, F. G. Huskey; secretary,
E. Light; treasurer, M. Murphy; vice
president, C. J. B. Moore.
Congressman Barbara wa» handsomely
received by the people of Calistoga last
evening and addres»ed a large meeting in
Badlam s Opera-house. John H. Roberts
an attorney ol San Franciico, also spoke'
dertaking at this time, as our nominations
are not yet made, nor is theicanvasa fairly
begun. We have a lar«e voting popula
tion who have inherited their Democratic
politics from their Missouri fathers during
and since the war, and they are not always
open to conviction.
Dp to 1880 and 1884 Ihis county was sure
to go Democratic, but since those years,
through the constant ana zealous work of
such men as Colonel Byington of Santa
Rosa, Sam Cassady of Petaluma, John
Beliach of Healdsburg, valiantly aided by
the Sapta Rosa Republican, the Petaluma
Argus and the Healdsburg Tribune, the
county was completely redeemed to the
cause of Republicanism.
At the present time the Argus and some
of its weak-kneed friends are camping
with our old enemies and are trying to
turn the stream of Democracy into a new
channel, thinking thereby that the new
silver waters will be pure and sweet for
the cause of the laboring people. Can
they change the spots on the leopard, or
can we expect different results from the
WARM CITRUS POLITICS
A Sergeant-at-Arms Assaults a
Minister on a Conven
tion Floor.
Row in the Los Angeles County Re
publican Gathering Over Cre
dentials.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 10.— One of
the largest Republican delegate conven
tions ever held in Los Angeles County met
at Music Hall here to-day for tbe nomina
tion of four candidates for Superior Judge,
six candidates for the Assembly, one State
Senator and three Supervisors.
The interest of the people in the de
MARIPOSA, MERCED, STANISLAUS, TUOLUMNE— TweIfth
District.
AH Indications for a Republican Victory Look Very Favorable In That
Section, According to Senator J. H. Shine.
SON OR A, Cal., Sept. 9, 1896.
Charles M. Shorlridge, Editor Call — Sib; The conditions prevailing at present in
Tuolumne County are altogether diff£rent^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
to those prevailing two years ago.^^^^^^H
The issues to be decided at the Novem
ber elections are free silver on the one side
and protection and the continuance of our
present monetary system on the other,
nnd from all indications a Republican
victory looks extremely favorable. The
great register this year shows a flattering
increase over that of two years ago and
the increase is, without doubt, in our favor.
A llil|l I 111 1 1 I ii) 1 , ml ii II ii|Hllilli ill vii
tcry in this section this year, as statedH
above, extremely favorable and the timeH
is not far distant when Tuolumne CountyM
will taKe her place in the Republican col-H
limn. Every election of late years has re-H
suited in a decreased Democratic majority.H
while the Republican vote has almost cor-H
respondingly increased.
There is no doubt in my mind that the!
people need only to understand to rejectH
the misleading proffers of a discredited^
Democracy. Cleveland's administration^
was not so productive of prosperity thatH
the promises of his party should be trusied^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l
to-day. On the contrary people are likely to be more distrustful this year becanss
the promises are, on their face, impossible of fulfillment and only made to be broken.
With an active campaign carried on here by able Republican statesmen daring the
next two months I believe many converts can be made to the Republican cause and
in exact ratio to this missionary work being done thoroughly or the reverse will
be the success or failure of our party in this county. J. H. SHINE.
FRESNO, MADERA-Slxteenth District.
The Stock and Fruit Men of That Section Are Strong for McKinley.
Says Senator A. J. Pedlar.
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor Call— Si*: The interest thus far manifested In this cam-
exceeds that shown here in any
I similar contest since Fresno had an ex-
Histence.
While many will vote actuated by preju-
Hdice and revenge, tb« masses, irrespective
lof party, are closely studying the issues
Mwith a view to knowing their duty. Pat.-i-
Hotism with many will be placed above
Hparty, and side by side, voting the same
Hticket, will be seen conscientious men who
Hall their lives have been political oppo-
Bnents.
I The past two weefcs have strengthened
Hthe cause of protection and honest mocej,
land another thirty days will find the F.e-
Hpublican column in Fresno almost, if Ml
Heiuirely, solid and united.
I Tnere is good reason for the stater:*-. -.
Htbat many patriotic citizens heresbndt
Hwill on election day cast their vottaSnr
HlfcKinley and Hobart, thoueh they ae«mr
Hcast such a vote before in their Lrr-»u
Hihey are too patriotically Democratic m
Hswallow the Chicago platform and can:.-
Hdates.
Protection to American industry finds a warm indorsement among our stockmen
and fruit farmers. It is no dead issue here, as will be demonstrated at the polls.
The parleying, dickering and face- making attending the efforts at fusion between
the Popocrats and Silvercrats have disgusted and estranged not a few of those who
once intended voting for Bryan. A cordial hatred exists between the leaders who
want to fuse on Bryan, but do not know how it can be comfortably done.
Shouid the Populists name the fusion candidate for Congress in this district many
Democrats will either vote for Bowers or not vote at all for that position.
While the opposition is "chewing the rag" the Republicans are organizing, and
are already actively at work. Our local headquarters are open, our banner spans the
street and our convention to nominate Assemblymen and Supervisors has been called
for September 21. Our new committee will then push the good work, already well
begun by the present organization.
To retain Fresno in the Republican column will be our aim, and our work will bt
active. A. J. PEDLAR.
ALPINE, AMADOR, CALAVERAS, MONO-Fourteenth District.
The General Sentiment Is for Bimetallism on an International Agree-
ment, Says Senator E. C. Voorhels.
SUTTER CREEK, Cal., Sept. 3, 1896.^H
Charles M. Shoriridge, Editor Call— Sib: In reply to your letter of the 25th nit, of|
inquiry about the political forecast of tfiis^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
section at the coming election, will say
that as far as my observation goes the pen-H
tral sentiment is for free coinage of silverH
or rather for bimetallism through an in-H
ternational agreement. The Republicans,^
as a rule, are not doing much loud talkingH
on the street corners, and when one hearsM
loud talk on the street in favor of f rceH
silver, and nothing else, you can mostH
every time guess it is a kind of DemocratH
who always supports the platform and the!
nominees of his party, but the better classH
of Democrats are doing a lot of thinking, I
I might say "sawing wood," and whatH
way they will vote on election day no one I
knows save themselves. For the Kepubli-H
cans I think a large number are for freal
coinage of silver, in fact I know a large I
majority are for bimetallism, but theyH
want it to come in the right way, and in I
a way that it will not distress the Nation I
or cause a panic, and they believe that itH
can only come through the Republican I
party, the same as all beneficial measures I
for ttie people have come in the past. I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
might relate here a little incident that happened near the city of Stockton a short
time ago, which was just told me, and shows the consistency of the loud-mouthed
Democrat in talking about free silver, and it being the money of the poor people, and
of the farmer, and the laboring man, and all other delusive terms he could think of.
And the man who was doing all of this loud talking was a poor Democratic farmer
who had just sold a small band of cattle to a Stockton butcher, and the amount he
was to receive for his cattle was the large sum of $153, and the cashier wai counting
out his money for him, which was $150 in gold and $3 in silver. But the farmer was
so busy talking about free silver and the money of the people, that it was good enough
for him or anybody else, and as he did not at the time notice the cashier getting his
money ready for him, for he wai too busy talking for the poor people, and the cashier
waited awhile for him to receive his money, but he being so busy with his argument
for the time forgot what he was there for. So the cashier thought he would give him
a practical trial. So he took back the gold coin be had counted out for him and put it
back in the drawer and wrote acneck on a bank to pay the bearer 153 silver dollars. The
farmer took the check, not scrutinizing it close enough to notice the silver part of it.
He went to the bank to get his money on the check, and the paying-teller counted
out for him 153 silver dollars, and he looked at him in astonishment and said, ''Why, I
did not bring a wagon to get this small amount of money. I don't want silver, 1 want
gold." "But," said the paying-teller of the bank, "your check is payable in silver
dollars." And while he was looking at the check he had accepted in payment for his
cattle the cashier who gave it to him gently tapped him on the shoulder and said, "If
silver ii good enough for me it surely is good enough for you." He took his silver
dollars and walked away, but not happy.
If the Democrats did not have silver to talk about I don't know what they could
say, for certainly they can't refer to their President Cleveland with quite as much
pride as the Republicans can to their last President, Harrison. That is enough to say
and the people will surely express their wish in this section while they think the free
coinage of silver will be best for the country, but they want it to come in the right
- way, and to stay, and that way will be through the Republican party. Yours truly,
E. C. VOORHEIS.
liberations was shown by the packed
lobby and balcony. All references to the
National standard-bearer of the party prat
duced tremendous applause from every
part of the large room. Captain Gilbert
E. Overton was selected as temporary
chairman of the convention and selected
the various committees.
The committee on credentials had a
large contract on its hands and the entire
afternoon was consumed in its delibera
tions. When near sp. m. it did report
the fighi which it had listened to was re
sumed upon the floor.
Rev. C. C. McLean of the M. E. Church
claimed before the committee that he bad
been denied his rights by Thompson K.
Adams, the sergeant-at-arms of the con
vention. After the recess and before the
delegates had quit the hall, Adams as
saulted Rev. Mr. McLean and a tremen
dous uproar followed.
_On reassembling this evening on mo
tion of and after a spirited speech by E.
A. Meserve the convention seated" Dr.
McLean, took the official badge from
FREBNO, Cal., An*. 28. 1896.
Adams and expelled him from the
hall. The committee on resolutions
warmly indorsed Sentator Perkins'
course in Congress, recommended
extensive improvementsrof pubic roads,
indorsed in strong terms the National
platform and the two candidates, recom
mended that a high liquor license be
maintained throughout the county and
reiterated the statement of tbe platform
in favor of woman's suffrage.
FUSIONITK FIGHT FOR &FOIL&*
ropulistt Said to Want to Steur* To*
Many Xomlnation*.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 10.— Both tbe
Democrats and Populists held primaries
here to-day for the purpose of selecting
delegates to the County Convention to be
held at Healdsburg Monday, September 14.
There were some contests in the Demo
cratic ranKs, but the regular ticket pre
vailed in all instances, and : tbe push" are
correspondingly happy.
Tne main tight at Healdsburg will boTHE NOVEMBER ELECTION," SAY SEVENTEEN STATE SENATORS"
SAN FRANCISCO-Twentieth District.
Senator Eugene F. Bert Says That '.McKlnley's Election Is Expected to
Unlock the Hoarded Capita! of the Country.
CharU^^hortridge^ditoi^al^i^^ lng to your 'letter of August 25, wilt
I state that the present outlook in the
I Twentieth Senatorial District gives assur-
I ance of an increased Republican vote and
I a consequent Republican majority. I was
I born and have lived nearly all my life in
I the district I now represent and have
I a wide acquaintance in the two Assembly
I districts which comprise this Senatorial
I District, and my judgment as to the out-
I come of the voting is formed from per-
I sonal interviews with a large number of
I voters, many of whom are young men
I who will vote for the first time at the
I coming election.
Apart from the political and patriotic
I ties which bind the men of this district to
I the fortunes of the Republican party,
I Major McKinley himself is personally
I very popular. His., public career has been
I closely studied by the intelligent men of
I all parties, and he is regarded as the
I leader that the country needs at this par-
I ticular time.
There is no defection from the Republi-
I can ranks by reason of the free-silver
L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^L^l promises of the Chicago convention. It
Is the expressed sense of voters I have interviewed that the Republican party is the
true champion of silver. The maintenance at par with gold of the vast volame of
silver now in circulation counts for much in sound money calculations.
The voters in the Twentieth Senatorial District want to see a return of the
prosperity which existed under President Harrison's administration, and tney are
confident that a Republican victory next November will unlock the boarded capital
of the country and open avenues of employment all along the line of material
industry. Very truly yours, ' EUGENE F. BERT. ,
Senator Ell S. Denlson Says There Are Local Differences, but the
Result Will Undoubtedly Be McKinley.
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor CaW— Sib: California will follow Vermont. So far as
I can judge, and I take a great interest in
politics, daily additions are being made to
the Republican party in this State. Men
on both sides of the bay whom I have con
sidered to be stanch Democrats have sur
prised me by saying that the only safe
guard for the future is McKinley. I have
written to Mr. Hsnna this morning, and I
have assured him that California is for
McKinley and that the local disputes in
some of the counties possess no signifi
cance as regards the National ticket.
There will be many surprises next No
vember, and States that have been hith
erto monopolized by Democrats will be
found in the Republican procession.
Because we had two candidates here
for the Congressional nomination, and be
cause other counties have their little fac
tional fights, attempts are being made to
have it appear that the party is disrupted.
Such an insinuation is false. Alameda
County will, I believe, eive a larger Re
publican majority than she ever did.
Why should not she do so? As the Demo
crats here have not mustered sufficiently
■trong to hold a single meeting to ratify the Chicago platform, it does not look as it
there -were many of them left.
Much has also been said about the split in the southern part of the State. There
is no split as far as party fealty is concerned. There are local differences, but they
only seem to make the party adhere more loyally to the goneral cause.
The meeting at Loa Angeles about which so much that is untruthful has been said
was one of the largest and most enthusiastic political meetings I ever attended. There
were a few Bryan men in the hall, and they had not the common-sense or decency to
behave like gentlemen, but they represented nothing, and it is nonsense to suppose
that their presence had any effect on the Republican party. The meeting was open to
all, and nearly everybody in the hall were Republicans.
When the campaign opened I sent for 7000 McKinley buttons, and I have given
away all but 1000. I have not distributed them carelessly, but only to people who are
responsible for what they say and do. I have been greatly surprised at some of the
men who are now wearing them, as I never thought they would accept a McKinley
button. Before November I snail have given away 5000 more, aud on election day
12,000 voters will be wearing my buttons.
To an intelligent man there can be no doubt as to the success of the McKinley-
Hobart ticket in November. E. S. DENISON.
KERN, SAN LUIS OBlSPO— Thirty-fourth District.
Senator S. C. Smith Tells Why the Agriculturists of His Section Are for
Protection.
Charles 3f. Shorlridgc, Editor Coll—Sis.: Had I writtten you of the political out-
in this district two weeks ago I
Bshould have said that we would barely
Hhold up the Republican vote of two years
Hago — a Republican plurality of from 200
Ito 300. But the outlook- at this date is
Hmuch better. At nr-t it looked as though
Iwe would lose some votes in the mining
I districts, but later reports indicate that
Hsuch will not be the case to any appre-
Hciable extent.
This county is composed of mountain
Hand valley lands. In the former, the oc-
Hcupations are mining, stock-raising and a
I little farming; intne valley It is farm ins,
Hstock-raising and horticulture. At the
I close of the Harrison administration, one
lof the largest.and most profitable busi-
I nesses was sheep-raising. In the spring
lof 1893, when the "free wool" party came
Binto power, the sheep of this county num-
Hbered three-quarters of a million head
I and were worth $2,000,000. At the pres-
I ent time there are not 200,000 bead in the
I county, and they have been selling at
Hfrom 90 cents to $1 25 per head. Men who
identiiied with the wool shiD-
Kentsteiniietha^helosso^asbTotbis county in the destruction of this business
is not a cent less than $600,000 a year. When*the flock-master was getting good prices
for his wool and mutton be was a liberal patron of the farmers who had hay, pastur
age and stubble to sell. He paid good prices and was a cash customer; now he buys
little or no bay or pasturage, and paye less than the cost of production for it.
These facts have brought the tariff question very close to the farmers, and they do
not believe that "the tariff is not an issue this year." In a county of 12,000 popula
tion, the loss of 9600,000 a year in cold cash is a very serious matter.
This is also an important cattle-feeding county. Until recently the farmers with
great fields of alfalfa in the valley have bought stock cattle in the hills and fattened
them for the market; now they are going to Mexico for their supply of lean steers to
feed. Our stock-raisers have learned that during the four years of the McKinley tariff
of $10 a head on cattle the importations were but an average of 4020 head per year; with
tbe duty reduced to 20 per cent ad valorem they are coming in at the rate of 200,000
head per year, and the principal importers are the Kern County Land Company,
and Miller & Lux of this county.
Here the farmers and stockmen are again brought very close to the tariff question
and they are seeing very plainly that the McKinley idea of a tariff is not solely in the
interests of the Eastern "trusts" and "combines," so called.
Our horticulturists are aware of the loss of protection they have suffered, and also
painfully aware of the loss of markets in the Eastern cities, caused, as they believe,
by the depression of business in the manufacturing centers. Where formerly fresh
fruits found ready sale at good prices, now a few carloads glut the market and prices
are ruined. These people have got over the idea that the tariff is a thing that only
affects ihe Eastern "baron."
over the selection of the two candidates
for Superior Judge.
The aspirants for these honors are ex
ceedingly numerous since the union of
forces between the Democrats and Popu
lists and no less than five of Santa Rosa's
attorneys are already deep in the fight,
with three other towns to hear from.
The Populists, having no judicial tim
ber will ask for ihe two Assemblymen
and one Supervisor. This modest request
is meeting with profound disapproval
from leading Democrats, and a big row is
looked for Monday.
NEVADA REPUBLICANS CONVENT.
Thiy nominate State Officer* and In
dorse JUeKinley.
CARBON, Nbv., Sept. 10.-The Repub
lican State Convention met in Carson at 11
a. m. to-day and was called to order by
ex-Governor R. K. Colcord, chairman of
the State Central Committee.
Every county in the State was well rep
resented. State Senator Summerfield,
chosen as temporary chairman, and E. D.
Vanderlietb, as temporary secretary, were
afterward made permanent officers.
The platform adopted asks for the free
coinage of American silver or free coinage
by international agreement; demands
ALAMEDA-Twenty-Slxth District.
protection for American industries; de
nounces free trade; objects to non-resi
dent representatives; demands that Na
tional appointees for Nevada shall be resi
dents of this State; demands the enforce
ment of purity of election laws; declares
against pauper immigration ; demands
equal suffrage and the settlement of labor
strikes by arbitration.
The following gentlemen were nom
inated for office by acclamation: For
Congress, Dr. Davit of White Pine
County; Lieutenant-Governor, Colonel
Moore of Elko County; Supreme Judge,
Judee M. A. Murphy of Esmeralda;
Regent State University, long term, J. M.
Fulton of Washoe; Regent, short terra, F.
C. McDairmid of Ormsbv; Presidential
electors— Allen C. Bragg, John E. Lewis,
Z. Pierce.
R. K. Colcord was made chairman of
tbe State Central Committee.
San Jo»n .Political Doing*.
SAN JOSE, Cai*, Sept. 10.— Tbe First
Ward Republican Club has effected a per
manent organization by electing the fol
lowing officers:
President, W. E. Snook; vice-president,
James Beach; secretary, Harry LJcClin
tock; treasurer, ±f. S. Fabens; executive
committee— R. W. Ball, K. T. Rickert and
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CAL.IL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
The silver question is not receiving as much attention as It aid a fortnight ago.
There are not a few friends of the white metal here, but they cannot make it appear
that free coinage would produce as much new labor ana new business throughout the
country as a change in the tariff would. Many people have learned, not a little to
their surprise, that a very large amount of silver has been coined right along since the
act of '73, that that act did not "destroy half the money of the country," and that the
present free coinage countries of the world ao not present very tempting examples for
our imitation.
In conclusion I can say that the Republicans are entering upon the work of the
campaign with a great deal more zeal than either the Democrats or Populists. Every
man in the party seems to feel that his business, be it great or small, will be directly
affected by the election of McKinley and Hobart, his shoulder is to the wheel to
accomplish this end, and neither of the other parties is half so zealous. It is un
aoubtedly true that the "Popuocratic" jumble of tne other ticket is proving discour
aging to both factors, Democrats and Populists. Yours truly,
Bakersfield, Sept. 2, 189(3. g. c. SMITH.
The Political Outlook, Says Senator Beard, Seems Particularly Encour
aging From a Republican Standpoint.
CEJsTERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 7, 1896.
Charles M. Shorlridge, Editor Call— Sin: The political outlook in this section seems
particularly encouraging and I can safely
say that in my recollection there has never
■ been a campaign that has given such on
■ niistakable evidence of a Republican ma
■ iority as the present one. In one precinct
■ I know of eight Democrats who have come
■ out for Major McKinley, and this is a good
■ index to judge by. I think Alameda
■ County will pive the largest Republican
■ majority that it has ever polled.
I It only requires time to enable voters to
■ find out that there is a conspiracy afoot to
■ deceive them. Already some of the more
I wideawake Democrats are coming over to
I the only party that has proved itself true
Ito the people. Republican principles are
■ founded upon experience. They have
■ given voters years of prosperity, peace,
■ progress and plenty in the past. Why
■ should the people refuse to trust them
I now? As a matter of fact loyalty will as
■ sert itself on this occasion as it has in the
I past. The great name of McKinley, so
I pregnant with memories of a wise protec-
I tive policy is, drawing old and new ad-
herents with irresistible force. Every
day adds to the Republican strength, and the Bryan boom seems to be flattening
out. The people seem to realize the fact that it is not an abundance of money that
is wanted, so much as an opportunity of earning it. Respectfully yours,
J. L. BEARD.
Tha County, Says Senator Franck, Is Too Conservative to Bite at Sugar-
Coated Free-Silver Plums.
SANTA CiiARA, Sept. 6, 1896.
Charles JC Shortridge, Editor Call— En: The population of Santa Clara County, in
point of intelligence, ranks very high and
the people form their own conclusions. I
The depression which succeeded the in- I
auguration of the Democratic policy four I
years ago has been to them an object- I
lesson, which has fixed for all time in I
their minds tbe fallacies of free trade. I
They well know that even if free silver I
accomplished all that its adherents I
claimed for it the hardships which have I
been brought uron the people by repeal I
of protective tariff could not be removed. I
Tbe people of Santa Clara County are too I
conservative to bite at delusive and sugar- I
coated free-silver plums, alleged to con- I
tain panaceas for all ills. They know I
their malady, and they know their only I
remedy is protection to their products. It I
is true there are some Republicans in this I
district who favor both free silver and pro- I
tection, but with them protection is para- I
mount and they stand loyally to the party. I
Republicans as a class are not derua- I
pogues or street orators, and are not as I
much heard on tbe street as their Populist H
gnd Democratic opponents; but the real
strength of the parties in thie district is demonstrated by the attendance at the
political meetings. There has not been a Republican club meeting or rally held in
this district which has not drawn large crowds.
On the other hand the Democratic-Populistic meetings have been poorly attended,
»nd in Sun Jose last Saturday evening the Democrats were unable to hold a meeting
on account of the absence of all but a mere handful of voters.
The unemployed men, who prior to Cleveland's election and the inanguration of a
free-trade tariff policy (which the Democrats now adhere to, even while they denounce
Cleveland) had plenty of work at good wages, have an abundance of time to listen to
street silver orators, but they as a rule express their satisfaction with tne money now
in use if they could only be given a chance to make it as they did prior to the change
in the tariff policy. They then go to the Republican meetings and cheer for protec
tion and William McKinley. There Is no doubt in my mind that this county will
give an increased Republican majority in November. F. C. FRANCK,
State Senator Thirtieth District.
Senator C. M. Simpson Is Hopeful-He Says Incidentally That the Pro-
hlbitlonists Are for McKlnley.
PASADENA, Cal., August 27, 1896.
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor CalU- Sib: Your letter received. The political situa
■ tion in this section of our State is very
■ interesting at this time. A number of
■changes m political affiliations are re
■ ported from the headquarters of both
■ parties The Republicans have been the
■gainers by the new alignment. A large
■number of our citizens who have hereto
■fore and all of their liv*»s been ardent
■ Democrats have denounced in unmeas
■ured terms the platform of the Chicago
I convention and have in forcible language
■ declared publicly that under no circum
■s-tanees could they be induced to support
■ it. They are especially severe >n their
■condemnation of the revolutionary senti-
Hment expressed in that document in rela
■ t!on to "Federal interference" and the
H threat made in their convention to over
■ throw the grandest judicial body in the
■world— the Supreme Court of the United
■States. Also the attempt to debase our
■ currency, destroy our National credit and
■our industrial interests, and flood our
■country with cheap skiver money, thereby
■ temporarily inflating ttie price of every
■ thing we have to buy, and relatively low-
erlnj{ Iba porcbfl«.Di(j power of the Ifflgflt t»* f^Wlng cla.«.»p-, wb J .«b ara always lb*
l*»ti.liln»; to U»? fovarably nffooliyJ, bnt Iba Urft in to lowered ». ImM tltn*? ara
forced nppn us. A fArgo majority c.l our wamooriiiic friend*, who. bal leva in ft sound
fiimuclrti »y»l*to, b»M»A upon ,%o)d as the atnmUrtt of' Tftlo*n, ><(i<ta declared for
iloK-lbley— oth^-rt will not »t>l», for MofCluloy, nolthflr will tii*iy tola i tiir Uryao-
Tint i.' Ihe conrj uwon •.' inU)*D*T>oli9 liomirtattia a good •oucd-money democrat they
will totf lor Mto.
On the other hand there are a few Republicans who have forgotten the false prom
ises of Democracy in the campaign of 1892, and the condition of our country since
the ushering in of the present Democratic administration, and gone into the enemy's
camp, {some who have for years past called themselves Republicans, bnt who have
been constantly and persistently voting and working to accomplish the destruction of
the party by voting for prohibition and all other side shows, which have never yet
A. Leland. The organization starts with
a membership of 230. Clubrooms have
been opened in tbe Bassett Hotel.
The Young Men's Political Club at its
meeting last evening decided to join the
Republican League in a body. The club
numbers sixty-seven members, and will
be initiated into the league at its next
meeting.
Irving M. Bcott, president of the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco, will address
a mass-meeting under the auspices of the
Santa Clara County RepuDlican Club in
this city Saturday evening.
An enthusiastic meeting was held in
East San Jose last nieht. The speakers
were Congressman lx>ud and E. A. Hayes.
Senator Stephen M. White will address
a Democratic ratification meeting at the
Auditorium to-morrow evening. There
will be a parade of the Bryan forces previ
ous to the meeting.
Republican League.
OAKLAND Cal., Sept. 10.— The regular
meeting of the Young Men's Republican
League will be held to-morrow evening.
Ex-Mayor M.C. Chapman will address the
league. The candidates for tbe Superior
bench have been invited to make 10
-minute addresses. Speaking at B:3o sharp.
The drill corps will meet at Bp. m. Mem
bers will appear in uniform, with torches.
ALAMEDA— Twenty-eighth District.
SANTA CLARA-Thirtieth District,
LOS ANGELES-Thirty-Sixth District.
DEMOCRATS CONVERTED.
American Industries Must Be
Protected or Labor Goes
to the Wall.
Protection Must Be Afforded Against
the Cheap Labor of Europe
and Asia.
"We are coming. Father Abraham,
three hundred thousand more' was tbe
song sung during tbe dark days of the
Republic by the loyal citizens of tbe coun
try.
That song is being repeated now in this
new dark era, while the spider spins his
web on tbe spokes of commerce and while
labor sits idle and hungry, dozing in the
sun, to wake perhaps in desperation when
the winter's gale cuts him to the marrow.
It is being sung by the loyal-hearted, ir
respective of party politics, and they are
even elected a constable in the United States, but have succeeded in many instances
in drawing enough votes away from the Republican party to elect the Democratic can
didate, have now gone into the Bryan and Sewall or Bryan and Watson camp, pro
claiming in a loud voice that they have left the Republican party. The larger propor
tion of the Prohibitionists in this place have openiy declared for McKinley and are
earnestly working for his election. A few men who have heretofore been Republicans
riave declared for Bryan, but it is the judgment of our best posted men that for every
Repnblican who has left the party the Republicans have gained four Democratic
voters instead, and that the same result is true of the Prohibition party, that McKin
ley will get four of them to every one for Bryan.
Pasadena's registration shows about 2300 voters, and it is estimated that of that
number McKinley will get 1700. Bryan 500 and the remainder scattering or not voting.
We have a splendid McKinley club here, also a uniformed marchinc club, and ail are
enthusiastic in their support of that grand soldier statesman. If other portions of
this magnificent State will do their duty as Southern California, sound money, pro
tection, reciprocity and prosperity will surely be the result of the election by placing
McKinley in the Presidential chair next March. Yours truly, C. M. SIMPSON.
"Many Democrats Think the Present Silver Sentiment Is a Delusion."
Says Senator R. Llnder.
Tt'LARK, Cat.., August 28, 1806.
■ i bave your letter of the 25th inst., asking
■ for a forecast from me of the result of the
■struggle between the parties in the ap
■ proaching election.
The situation here is about as follows:
■The Republican party will poll a much
■ larger vote for Presidential electors this
■ year than in 1892. A large number of
■ Democrats arc going to vote with the
■ Republican* because they think that the
■ present silver sentiment is a delusion, put
■ forward lor political purposes, and for in*
■dividual personal cain by a few at the
■expense of the masses.
I Thera is a growing sentiment that the
■new doctrines of Brvanism have been pro
■ mulgated merely with the intention of de
■ luding the heedless by means of "catch
■ words." No worker expects to receive
■ money for which he does not work, and
■ yet unprincipled demagogues are striving
■to persuade the people that by discour
■ aging manufacturers they can increase
■ their own incomes. Such a dishonest at*
■ tempt can hardly succeed.
If free and unlimited coinage of silver
should by accident prevail, I should con
•ider it the greatest calamity that has ever befallen this country, and one that would
give our industries auch a setback that would require a generation to restore it.
I trust, however, in the good sense of our people to carry us through this coming
election, and that no such calamity mentioned will curse the country. Yours
▼cry truly, R. UNDER.
POMONA, Cal., Aug. 31, 1896.pi
Charles M. Shortridge, Editor Call— Sib: The prospects for Republican success im-|
prove every day. While the sentiment^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
in this county is undoubtedly strong forH
silver, still the majority of the people be- 1
lieve that protection is a more vital issue. I
As yon know, Pomona is only a few ruilesH
from the sugar factory at Chino. MuchH
of the money received there for beets andH
labor is spent in the Pomona stores, anal
our merchants to a man are in favor ofH
advancing the sugar interests, either by aH
bounty or protection. They understandH
that Bryan is an enemy to sugar, andH
therefore they are going to vote againstH
him. We have a flourishing campaignH
club, which holds enthusiastic meetingsH
every Saturday. We are getting new mem-H
hers continually. On the 23th inst. theH
first rally of the McKinley club was heldH
in this city. It was the largest poliucalH
event ever held in this valley. 1). £. Mc-H
Kinlay of Santa Rosa was the speaker ofH
the evening, and he held the vast audi-H
cnce for over two hours, and, strange toH
say, not a man, woman or child left thel
large tent during the speaking. ThereH
were at least 2000 present, and the great-
est enthusiasm prevailed. Eon. J. E. Packard, the president of the club, presided.
When the chairman called this vast meeting to order not a vacant seat was to be had
and many stood up on the outside of the tent. In my judgment we should circulate
all the literature we can. The people are reading and thinking this year. The litera
ture should be local in character. A pamphlet on the benefits of encouraging sugar
will make more votes than a dozen on abstract propositions. Ido not believe in
abusing the other parties, because we are getting lots of recruits from them and we
can "catch more flies with molasses than with vinegar." We have a hard fight, but
we are going to win. Yours truly, . S.^^^^^^^^^^H
Senator D. L. Wlthlngton Declares That the Lemon and Wool Industries
Require a Republican President.
Charlts M. Shorlridge, Editor Call-Sm ; In 1894 Estee received 2848, Webster 1978
Budd 1897 votes in this county. The
■fusion vote ?how 3 a majority of 1014 over
■the Remiblican vote. Had the election
■taken place immediately after the Chicago
■convention, Bryan would have had 1500
■majority in this county. To-day, in my
■judgment, the county is for McKinley,
■ and on the 3d of November his majority
■>" the county will depend on the amount
■of work done by the party. The causes
■of this change are: First— The growth of
■the sound-money sentiment and the in
■ tellipent study the people of the county,
■ irrespective of party, are giviug to the
■money question. Second— The people of
■ San Diego County are a law-abiding peo
■ ple and are thoroughly loyal to the Gov
■ernment under which they live and to the
■constitution and laws framed for the or
■ dering of that Government; they cannot
■ and will not support a party which de»
■ nounces an administration put in power
■by itself for executing the laws; nor can
■theynor -will they support a party that
Mthreatens to pack the Supreme Court, the
arbiter of tnis Jan. i, for declaring a
law unconstitutional which their own candidate characterizes as unjust. Third— The
people of Ban Diego County are vitally interested in the question of protection. We
have a brilliant future in the cultivation of the lemon and other fruits, and the Wil
■on-Gorman bill was a blow at this industry. Our wool interests, while not so large
as in some other parts of the State, are considerable, and the wool-growers who voted
for Cleveland in 1892 will vote solidly for McKinley. The singular feature in this
county is that the work has been done, not by political committees or by tne ordinary
methods, but by the spontaneous effort of individual voters all over the county who
have organized sound-money clubs and clubs for political discussion and disseminated
literature. In the city Assembly district Mr. Guy, the present Assemblyman, will be
renominated and re-elected in spite of an apparent fusion majority of nearly 600. In
the country district no candidate on the Republican side has been settled upon, but
several good candidates are in the field and a man will be selected to overcome the
fusion majority in this district.
Congressman Bowers has been kept ont of the campaien by the illness of his wife
so far, but as she. is recovering we will soon have the aid of his vigoroas personality
and great following. DAVID L. WITHINGTON.
coming 300,000 and 3,000,000 more into the
party which Father Abraham endeared to
all patriotic men, Democrats and Repub
licans alike.
Democrats who have for years adhered
to the heresy of free trade, or tariff for
revenue only, have become convinced that
the principle is rignt only when applied
to products which cannot be grown or
manufactured in the home country. They
have become convinced that the free ad
mission of competing eoods from a coun
try where wages are $1 a day into a coun
try where wages are $2 a day can have
only one result, and that is the conversion
of the $2-a-day country into a fl-a-day
country.
Hence they are joining the army of pro
gress and Republicanism and are demand
ing home rule for the products of the
United States. They have become weary
of the spectacle of closed factories in this
country a;.d busy factories in Great
Britain and elsewhere pouring into this
country a stream of pauper labor products,
driving American manufacturers out of
business by the keenness of the competi
tion and throwing American laborers and
their families in the street to starve.
The latest notable conversion reported
in this City is that of Thomas G. Cantrell
of the National Iron Works, on Main
street, corner of Howard. Mr. Cantrell
has been a Democrat from birth, but he
INYO, KINGS, TULARE-Thirty-Second District.
LOS ANGELES-Thirty-Eighth District
Senator S. N. Androus Points Out That Bryan Is Known as an Enemy
SAN DlEGO— Fortieth District.
now proposes to vote for the Republican
nominees for President, Vice- President
and Congress.
"I have been a Democrat all my life,"
he said to a Call reporter yesterday, "but
the conditions have changed and being a
sensible man I haye changed with them.
One policy under one condition would be
very bad under another condition. I have
become from bitter experience a believer
in the doctrine of protection.
"I am also opposed to having two values
of money in the country. We must have
one kind of money or the other, and if
we fall back on the silver basis it will drive
the gold away. The very fear of the un
settled condition of finances has induced
people to take their gold out or the sav
ings bank and to deposit it in the safe de
posits. That has made money very
scarce. It has been taken out of interest-
I paying investments through fear of the
I unsettlement of values, and that has
thrown considerable labor out of employ
ment.
"My main reason for changing is be
cause I believe tnat we must be protected
agairist the cheap labor of China and
Japan and Europe or else we wili have to
come down to a silver basis, which means
tho reduction of the laboring man's
wages to the Asiatic and European stand
ard.
"For the past twenty-six years since the
to Sugar.
N. ANDROUS.
•
close of the Franco- Prussian war we have
been engaged in peaceful production, and
by the aid of labor-saving inventions this
increase has been enormous. We pro
duce everything we require, while the
European markets are durnpinc their sur
plus upon our shores. While our lumber
yards here are overstocked they are bring,
ing Chinese-made lumber here from
British Columbia notwithstanding our
overproduction."
Mr. Cantrell used to employ 150 men in
his works. There are now only thirty.
The 120 men are out of employment be
cause of the competition of cheap foreign
made goods under the Wilson act. Five
Democrats of Mr. Cautrell's family will
vote also for McKinley.
The McKinley Club Drill Corps of the
Forty-first Assembly District met Mon
day evening at Pixley rial!. Pacific and
Polk streets. The following were elected
permanent officers: Major, B. Fehneman;
captain, S. Schweitzer; first lieutenant^
J. B. Stevenson; second lieutenant, W. C.
Hays; first aereeant, H. V. Sagehorn; sec
ond sergeant, uavid Haggles; secretary,
L. U. Horn. The following social com
mittee was appointed : W. Dibble, S,
Schweitzer, Louis Smith,
9
Drill Club Affairs.10
BUCKLEY HONORS
FOUR MORE MEN
The Convention Slowly
Builds Up Its Local
Ticket.
LAMBS FLOCK IN JOY.
Godfrey Fisher, Henry Doescber,
Joseph Fassler and Dr.
Bodkin Named.
THE "PUSH" SWAKMSTO CHRIS
The Buckley Convention Has Hnmor,
Numbers, Enthusiasm, Women
and a Programme.
The Buckleyites held another big and
enthusiastic session of their municipal
convention at B'nai B'rith Hall last even
ing and did some more wortc on their
ticket.
Godfrey Fisher was nominated for Tax
Collector; Joseph Fassler, dairyman, was
named for Public Administrator: Henry
Doescher, proprietor of the Seal Rock
House, for Treasurer, and Dr. Thomas P.
Bodkin /or Coroner.
The bail was crowded upstairs and
down and out through the entrance to
the bar.
"This is like old times, hey?" said the
lambs, joyfully, and they asked, "Are the
peop.'s with Buck or not, do you think,
now?"
It was a Democratic municipal conven
tion of the "real old-fashioned under-dog
Democracy." as Reel Terry calls it, by
the life of every aisle and file of chairs,
by tbe smoke that befogged the motley
Crowd above the gallery rail and by the
reokle«s restlessness of half the mass.
Colonel A. A. Andrews, immaculate and '
prim, sat in a front seat and smoked a
corncob pipe. T. Carl Spelling was there
in the plug hat that he wears since he
wrote the political love story, "Won on a
Silver Basis." Robert Ferral, who hopes
to get on the bench this trip, shoved his
way chattering through the boys.
Maurice Sell mitt, who thinks he is at
Buckley's resurrection, got the pink
rubbed out of his button-hole. Henry
Ach, the attorney, displayed his patent
leathers ami John McCarthy, James H.
O'Brien, Jose Dii Rothschild, Dr. Stan ton,
Thomas J. Glynn. D. M. Gavipan, William
J. Bryan, Samuel Newman and more of
those Buckley leaders were hail-fellows as
they steered the programme.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell floated about ac
tualiy looking for a nomination among
the delegates.
•'They don't seem to want the Demo
cratic party to win," said the candidate
for Coroner. "If they want to win they
want to put men of strength on their
ticKet. But I've got 7000 names on my
petition, thoush I don't need only 1800,
and I'll have 20,000 when 1 get to making
speeches."
They put big flags and a picture of
Bryan up on the stage last night and the
thrill of the political chase seemed to fill
the boys all around.
Three ladies sat in the gallery over the
clock. It was the first time that the
ladies ever graced a Buckley convention
with their refining presence. Their ap
pearance was supposed to be due to the
indorsement of woman suffrage the other
night. '■■- ■';■■.•*. v
They were matronly looking people
and there were two American citizens
down below in whose humble political
fortunes they are intensely interested.
Chairman Nealon didn't propose to let
another brawl disgrace Mr. Buckley's con
vention and by constant hammering and
shouting and calling on the sergeants-at
arms he managed to keep the • restless
crowd in fair subjection.
At 9 o'clock Chairman Malone started
the proceedings, which opened with dis
pensing, as usual, with the rollcall and
minutes.
James H. O'Brien, chairman of the com
mittee on permanent organization and
order of business, submitted a report
on Legislative nominations which was
intended to make the proceedings on Legis
lative nominations conform to the 7aw
which requires nominations to be made
by conventions, the nominations for Sen
ate and Assembly having been made at
primaries. The recommendation was as
follows:
That delegates from the respective Senate- ]
tonal and Assembly districts meet and choose
a chairman and secretary and thereupon pro
ceed to select candidates and nominees for
Senators and Assemblymen and report such
selection when made to the municipal conven
tion for confirmation and ratilication under
subdivision 5 of the order of busi
ness heretofore adopted, and that i
each Senatorial and Assembly dis
trict convention when performing the
duties herein required by resolution regularly
adopted, authorize their respective chairmen
to appoint an auditing committee of five per
sons, citizens and electors of this State, whose
duty it shall be, pursuant to the provisions of
the purity of election law of this State, to re
ceive, expend, audit and disburse air moneys
and generally act under the provisions of said
law.
Thomas F. Egan, who won the nomina
tion in the Seventeenth Senatorial Dis
trict by six votes in a race at hallot-box
stuffing between The Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth districts, came to the plat
form and opposed the report. He was
afraid that the district conventions pro
vided for might ignore the results of the
primary election and name new candi
dates, hie moved to amend the report
so tnat nominations already declared
would be ratified.
Lawrence Buckley, who was defeated
for the nomination by six votes, and who
has a contest pending, got up on the statre
and expressed his sorrow that the primary
in his district was not conducted fairly.
"Anybody who knows anything about
practical politics knows that it couldn'ibe
fair. Th-re vrere 978 ballots cast in one
hour and a Quarter, and how could that be
done?" sai 1 Mr. Buckley.
There was a loud "ha! ha!" at this
funny story, and amid much shouting
the chairman declared the amendment
and then the report adopted.
The following committee to recommend
nominees for School Directors to the cen
vention was announced by districts:
Twenty-eighth District— P. J. Keegan.
Twenty-ninth— Hugh Doherty.
Thirtieth— James Creepan.
Thirty-first— P. J. Tannian.
Thirty-second— James Larkin.
rhirty-third— James Flynn.
Thirty-fourth— J. J. l'lynn.
Thirty-fifth— William Newson.
lliirty-sixth— S. J. Crowley.
Thirty-seventh— Harry M. Kelly.
Thirty-eighth— J. A. lionnelly.
Thirty-ninth— J. G. Oliver.
Fortieth— James Riordan
Forty-first— l. P. Corrigan.
Fony-«econd— i: F. McCarthy
Forty-third— William Henderson
Forty-fourth— J. C. Burke
Forty-fif ih— Dr. J. S. Stone.
Nominations for Tax Collector were an
nounced io be in order, and Attorney
Charles J. Heggerty mounted the plat
form. X
"So far in the work of this convention "
said the nominator, "the nominations
made have met with public approval. No
newspaper has had a word to say against
the character of any man you have placed
upon the ticket.
"If you keep on this way you are bound
A Row of Self-Sacrificing Patriots at the Municipal Convention Held for Mr, C A. Buckley Last Night.
to win. Don't pay any attention to
rumors that a few people calling them
selves Democrats are going to
put up a ticket. We are Democrats, and
we are silver Democrats." [More ap
plause.]
Mr. Heggerty named E. T. Mills, who
he said was at the head of the Young
Men's Democratic Club for years, and a
man who had the confidence of the busi
ness community.
E. M. Morgan presented a name "never
belore presented to a political conven
tion" — Godfrey Fisher.
John A. Wall nominated Behrend
Joost — "a stayer, a winner and a Demo
crat"
Nominations closed, and before rollcall
on tne nominations began Chairman
Nealon announced the following commit
tee to recommend nominations for the
judiciary:
E. C. Harrison, James A. Devoto, A. M. Arm
strong, E. P. Cole, Henry Ach, Charles J. Hee
gerty, C. L. Ackerman, Wnldemar J.Tuska, Wil
liam F. Humphrey, Joseph B. Kennedy. Frank
McXally, John H. Miller, £. M. 'Morgan,
Thomas McGowan. Horace G. Platt, Samuel H.
Regensburger, Reel B. Terry, E. B. Young, I.
Danielwltz, \N Ilham H. Wiggins Jr.
The rollcall on the nomination for Tax
Collector was a long process, the mon
otony of which was constantly relieved by
Neaion's persistent eavel whacks and
shouts for order, occasional cries of "put
him out" and little flashes of humor from
the freemen who voted. One delegate
voted for "Behrend Yoost"; they laughed
when John L. Sullivan voted, and when
another delegate shouted resolutely, "I
vote for the man who gives the widows
and orphans a chance," tnere were all
kinds of racket.
The announcement of the vote was as
follows: Votes cast, 372; necex<»arv to a
choice, 22G; Mills, 85; Joost, 109; Fisher,
179.
The nice appearance of a contest having
been made, the programme on Fisher was
quickly carried out. Heggerty withdrew
Mills, C. W. Pope announced Joost's
withdrawal, and Fisher was nominated by
acclamation.
When Dr. James I. Stanton mounted
the platform to name the candidate for
Treasurer he got the greatest ovation of
the convention. He nominated Henry
Doescher, who he said was well known in
business circles and popular with a num
ber of societies.
Doescher was at once declared the
nominee and Chairman Nealon called Dr.
W. D. McCarthy to the chair while he
nominated Dr. Thomas P. Bodkin for
Coroner.
"None of us knew the hour when the
services of a coroner may be needed," ob
served Mr. Nealou as he described his
candidate as a young native son, cultured
and above reproach.
By the applause the boys knew Dr.
Bodkin.
"I move that Dr. Bodkin be elected
unanimously," shouted a delegate, and
the motion was carried.
For Public Administrator Dr. E. 8. Mc-
Carthy named Jo3eph Fassler, "a man
whom the newspapers dare not touch,"
and Mr. Fassler is the nominee.
Mr. Kelly of the Twenty-eighth District
secured recognition, and said: "Mr. Chair
man, I've been around this town a great
deal." The convention instantly decided
to hear what Mr. Kelly had seen around
this town, and amid much hilarity they
roared "Platform! Platform !" and would
not be refused. Mr. Kelly was forced to
the platform, where the chairman grace
fully shelved Mr. Kelly on a chair "for
just a minute."
The cbair asked for names as nominees
for School Director to be referred to the
committee, and a flood of them came with
disorder.
There were submitted the names of
Joseph P. Kennedy, Dr. Bush, Thomas R.
Carew, Dr. C. A. Clinton, W. C. Reed, J.
J. Kilday, C. J. Heggerty, Dr. H. Cahili,
T. W. Flannagan, E. B. Farnsworth, H.
B. Morey. Thomas H. Mann, John J.
Rnfferty and John J. McCarthy.
It was decided that fun her names should
be handed in writing to the secretary, and
the flood continued after the adjournment
until to-night, which followed.
KELLY'S CERTIFICATE FILED
He Is In the Fifth District Con^res-
sional Fight to Stay to
the End.
Joseph P. Kelly is in the Congressional
fight in the Fifth District to stay until the
end.
Yesterday be received from the Secre
tary of State the following communica
tion:
State of California, >
Department of State, 5
Sacramento, September 8, 18!M>. )
Joseph P. Kelly— Sin: Your certificate of
nomination for Congress received and filed
this dRy. L. H. Brown, Secretaiy of State.
Accompanying Mr. Kelly's certificate of
nomination were the names of the follow
ing gentlemen whom Kelly has appointed
his Congressional committee: Walter H.
Levy, John O'She:i, Marion Biggs Jr., San
Francisco; Jo n B. Kelly, San Mateo;
Samuel Rucker, San Jo?e.
Kelly's friends are confident of hia suc
cess, and he will be supported by a greut
many Democrats who voted for Denman
last year, but who are not ready to vote
ior the compromise and heretofore un
known Populist, who was taken up by the
fusion committee at the last moment as a
last resort. The Democrats of the district
who are not ready to vote for Loud, but
who cannot swallow the hybrid fusion
scheme fixed up by a small number of
ambitious politicians will stand by their
party and vote for Kelly.
The Donahue Cup.
Peter J. Donahue has just added another
to the list of cups donated for the coming
horseshow. The Donahue cup will be awsrded
for the best four-Jn-hand road team to be ex
hibited either in coach or body-break
Mrs. Stenton. IHem at Grant Valley,
GRASS VALLEY, Cal,. Sept. 10,-Mrs.
Roger Stenson, wife of one of tl.e most
prominent citizens of Nevada County
died yesterday. She was well known here'
having tau.-ht school for a number of
years, anu was prominently identified
with the public schools of the State.
New pictures and frames for fall trade are
here; fine and cheap. SanLiorn, Vail & Co. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
SUFFRAGISTS OPEN
THEIR CAMPAIGN
Magnificent Demonstration
at Metropolitan
Temple.
SPEECHES BY ORATORS.
Various Political Parties Send
Delegates to the Mass-
Meeting.
MRS. CHAPMAN CATT SPEAKS.
Addresses by Miss J De Roulston, J
M. L?g<?ett, C. W. Reed and
Other Delegates.
Amid a mighty outburst of popular en
thusiasm, the like of which has seldom if
ever been seen al any political meeting
held in this City, the woman suffragists
opened their campaign last night with a
magnificent demonstration in Metropoli
tan Temple.
The interior of the large auditorium was
elaborately decorated. Long streamers of
red, white and blue hung from the central
lanterns to the walls, transforming the
usually bare interior into an immense
pavilion of harmonious color-contrasts.
The galleries were festooned with hang
ings of bunting and the stage embowered
in feathery palms, while the gilded pipes
of the great organ were almost concealed
by a network of floral garlands, pennants,
gonfalons and gracefully draped flags.
Professor Eckmann gave a classic organ
recital as the people were gathering, com
mencing with Handel's "Largo" and
ending with Herold'a brilliant over
ture to the opera ol '"Zampa." The
temple was soon filled to overflowing. The
following corps of ushers did good work
in seating the earlier arrivals:
Misses Burnett, Smith, Miller, Schling
heyde, Belle and Mary Gorham, Mar
guerite and Winifred Warner, Jackson,
Holbrook. Hill, Carter, Whelan, Cole,
Pounney, Gove ana Kidd; Mrs. Palmer,
and Messrs. Robbins and Lyons. Mrs.
Emma B. Sweet was mistress of cere
monies, and saw to it that no hitch marred
the affair.
On the stage were seated the following
named vice-presidents:
Miss Mary v. Hay, William Bunker, Charles
Riddeii, Miss Affnel M. Manning, Mr. and Mrs.
S. L. Lent, Aluxßnaer liadlam, C. W. Reed, M.
M. Estee, Chnrl»sW. Manwaring, E. M. War
dall, Taylor Rogers, Joseph Simonson, Colonel
C. H. Blinn, Rev. J. A. Cruzan, C. B. Williams,
George D. Gillesple, J. E. Currier, G. B. Ben
ham, Henry C. Dibble, Oliver Everett, Mrs.
George E. Spencer, Mrs. J. Murray Bailey,
Theodore Reichart, Major C. W. Kyle, I. J.
Truman, Judge Spencer, Mr. and airs. Paris
Kilburn.
Also the following named members of
the State Suffrege Association and joint
campaign committee:
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, Miss Harriett Cooper,
Mrs. Ada £. Van Pelt, Mrs. Ida A. Harper, Mrs
Mary S. Sperry, Mr«. Mary A. Swift, Mrs. Hester
HHrlaiid, Mrs. (ieorge Oulton, Mrs. Isabell A.
Baldwin, Mme. Sorbier, Mrs. Knoz Gooilrich
and Mrs. Kate Tupper Galpin, and the follow
ing namea participants in the programme:
Mrs. A. A. Surg.nt. Miss Susan B. Anthony,
Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn, Fred Head, Miss
Jane Roulaton, Joseph Leggett, Douglass
Fowler and Charles Wesley Reed.
Mrs. Sargent onened the meeting with a
cordial and well-worded address of wel
come, congratulating the audience upon
the orators whom they were to hear.
"We have," she said, "some of the most
eloquent speakers of California and a
galaxy of Eastern stars as welL But best
of all we have with us to-night the
National President ©f the United States
Suffrage Association, who will preside
over to-night's meeting. Gentlemen and
lalies, I have no need to introduce to you
Miss Susan B. Anthony."
Cheer upon cheer greeted the veteran
suffragist ieader as she rose to take the
gavel.
The Knickerbocker male quartet — com
posed of D. M. Lawrence, first tenor; C.
M. Elliott. second tenor; D. B.
Crane, first bars, and L. A. Larsen,
second bass— then sang "Giving the
Ballot to the Mothers," the suffrage song
being set to the tune of "Marching
i Throueh Georgia," and "The Daughters
I of Coiumbio," sung to the well-known
notes of "Hold the Fort," the immense
audience joining lustily in the chorus.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn made a
charming address of welcome to the
Eastern workers for the cause of woman
suffrage. In glowing words she depicted
the labors and sacrifices of Miss Anthony,
and paid a graceful and well- merited
tribute to the valuable services of Mrs.
Sweet, Miss Hay, Miss Shaw and the other
ladies who have aided the movement so
materially by their presence and co
operation.
Miss Jane Roulston, the Socialist dele
gate, spoke as follows:
When the new economic thought of the cen
tury first began to converge toward a central
point it found expression through a little band
of strong thinkers, now known as the Social
Democrat* of tho world. It did not for one
moment occur 10 these great men that In their
plan for the a<ivanrement ot the human race
theirjmothers, their wives and their daughters
could be left outside.
Let us look for a moment at the long and
glorious life of tho leader of this movement—
a life of stern devotion. Devotion to what ?
l'o pleading, enueaiing, pruying, protestiii<
and demanding a few petty privileges for
women which no law of common-sense or
common decency could ever have denied her;
using ail the force and logic of a cU-ar, strong
intellect in refuting arguments so simple and
ridiculous that the children of the future will
laugh them to scorn; and even now I hear
they are still flinging their sickly sentimen
tality and brutally selfish arguments in her
patient face.
For me— l am not patient! and when I con
sider these things a great wrath rises in me
which amounts almost to tne frenzy of despair!
But I fancy, dear friends, that what you
really want of me to-niglu is some expression
of the stand of the S. L. P. of California re
garding what is known as the sixth amend
ment. Our position here is unusual and needs
some explanation. Now even the most frivo
lous mind cannot but feel that we are on the
verge of a great economic crisis.
We take no stand upon the so-called great
money issue that Is agitating the Nation to
day, but there are men in our ranks, working
men, rough clad nnd unbeautiful, who can see
through and beyoud both sides of the ques
tion with a clearness of vision which might
well make political confusionists tremble and
the throne of plutocracy shake from its very
foundation.
But of this sixth amendment we mase a
notable exception. In the great uprising of
t ie women of the world we ».ee, not a mere
s.iie issue of the times, but a part, and no
a.uall part, of the mighty struggle of an
o;. pressed humanity, Prometheus striving to
arise. In this loud woman's call, resounding
through the length and breadtn of the land,
we recognize one note in the great world cry.
and when it calls our name we answer,
"Here!"
Mr. Leggett, representing the single-tax
advocates, said he thought all of his com
rades would vote for the sixth amend
ment.
"We will vote thus," he proceeded, "be
cause we are logical. Holding as we do
that all have a right to see* their common
and private good, we cannot withhold
from woman the chief means to that end.
"We men are not in a position to con
cede the right of suffrage to woman; the
right is hers as much as it is ours. But
we can vote to do away with the unjust
laws which hinder herin the enjoyment
of that God-giv»n right."
Mr. Leggett went on to mention a few of
the advantages which in his conception
would accrue to the commonwealth were
women admitted to the right of suffrage.
His remarks told most powerfuliy, and
were frequently interrupted by bursts of
applause.
Mr. Fowler, the Populist delegate, said
he felt proud to have a chance to say a
word for woman suffrage. He gave a brief
historical sketch of the adoption of a
woman suffrage plank in the Populist
platform at the great convention in
Hazard's Pavilion in Los Angeles in Oc
tober, 1891.
"That plank has been confirmed from
year to year," proceeded Mr. Fowler.
"Ladies of the Suffrage Bureau, you are
eloquent, logical speakers, and we love to
hear you; but so far as the Populists are
concerned your convincing arguments and
glowing words are unnecessary. Woman
suffrage is a doctrine of the Populist
party, and on the 3d of next November
every Populist vote will count on the side
of justice to woman."
Charles Wesley Reed, the Democratic
representative, was next introduced by
Miss Anthony in a sparkling little speech
as "our Democratic chamnion." He said
he had been a woman suffragist long be
fore there was any agitation in this State
in relation to the movement. The Demo
cratic party of the State was, he said, in
process of conversion.
"The Buckley ring at B'nai B'rith Hall
the other night," he went on, "put a
woman suffrage plank in its platform. 1
wonder what influence was brought to
bear upon Mr. Buckley. I heard it said
that Miss Anthony had a dinner with
him."
"I had an interview with him," admit
ted Miss Anthony amid a general laugh
"and he told me he had been a woman
suffragist ever since he could remember."
Mrs. Chapman-Catt was next intro
duced, and her welcome was loud and
long.
"Reason and experience,' she began
"are the two tesis by which I ask you,
men of California, to" judge the woman
suifrage movement. The practical results
of woman suffrage are to be seen in sev
eral States and nations, but notably in
Wyoming, where it has had over twenty
years in which to show what it can do.
"The ideal State is that in which there
is the least percentage of illiteracy, pov
erty, criminality, insanity and idiocy.
Let us see whether Wyoming comes any
where near this ideal."
Mrs. Chapman-Catt then drew allowing
word-picture of the State of Wyoming.
"Schools flourish everywhere, the
people are prosperous, the jails are nearly
empty, the insane asylums thinly popu
lated with a forlorn contingent of men
only, while in the whole State there is
only one idiot, and he was a grown man
when he arrived there."
Her peroration was a most brilliant
triumph of oratory, and a moving plea for
a higher ana purer civilization.
A collection was taken up by a number
of the lady ushers, during which Professor
Eckman gave a magnificent rendering of
the march from Tannhauser on the or
gan.
Miss Hay, amtd mnch cheering, an
nounced that Miss Anthony would speak
this evening at Odd Fellows' Hall, at the
entertainment to be given by the Native
Sons of Vermont.
Miss Anna Shaw spoKe at length ur>on
the woman-suffrage movement. With
keen satire and sparkling wit, she called
attention to the arguments usually alleged
against the giving of the ballot to women,
and forthwith proceeded to demolish
those arguments in a manner as unique
as it was sweeping.
As i each well-worn sophism fell before
the batteries of the gifted lady's clear-cut,
flawless logic cheers rent the air and hand
kerchiefs and hats were waved with over
mastering enthusiasm.
A few words from Miss Anthony made
every man present feel like voting for
amendment 6, and the great assembly
dissolved with three cheers for political
equality.
In the Thirty-Sixth.
A large mass-meeting was held by Club
No. 2, Thirty - sixth Assembly District,
last evening in honor of Congressman
Loud. S. J. Duckworth was the leading
speaker, discussing the money question.
Judge E. D. Sawyer talked on tbe tariff;
Robert Ash and A. P. Van Duzer and
Andrew Branch also spoke, and Congress
man Loud closed the meeting with a short
speech. He was enthusiastically received.
ITALY'S NIGHT A SUCCESS
A Neat Compliment Paid to
California Native Sons and
Daughters.
Proposition Made by Director Healy
and J. M. Reynolds to Debate
the New Charter.
Dark-eyed signorinas and handsome,
black-mustacbed signors to the number of
several hundred gathered at Mechanics'
Pavilion last night. The occasion was
"Italian night," and a brilliant success did
Italy's sons and daughters make of it. The
band was in perfect harmony with the
event, rendering only airs composed by
Italian masters. For nearly three bours
the festivities continued, and when finally
the hour for adjournment came everybody
appeared willing to vote "Italian night"
the most successful of the exposition.
Paolo Barbieri was president of the
evening, tbe vice-presidents Deing as fol
lows — A. Zabaldano, Z. F. I'ugazy, G.
Luisi, P. C. Rossi, E. Vanagiia, J. G. Sala,
Dr. P. de Vecchi, C. G. Calegariß, G. Bovo,
F. Zeiro, M. Pastigiione, A. Paolucci, E.
C. Palmieri, G. B. Cevasco, C. E. Moro, G.
Almagia, C Zappelli, E. TJnti, P. Slmi. G.
Paccneri, A. Babbino, Dr. V. Vaccari, G.
Costa. I. E. Petrizi, A. Serafini, G. Ertola.
B. Ratto. V. Ravenna, U. Biagi, A. Ven
sano, J. F.Martinoni, B. Morou, D. Ghirar
delli, Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi, D. Sanguinetti,
A. Francovich, A. Granucci, C. O. Fauda.
Dr. Joseph Pescia delivered an eloquent
address in Italian, followed by Andrea
Sbarboro.
To-day has been especially set apart for
the school children. This afternoon boys
and girls from the Crocker Grammar,
HenryDurant Primary,lrving Primary and
Spring Valley Grammar schools, the Girls'
High School, Lowell High School and Poly
technic High School will be in attendence.
To-night the Denman Grammar and the
three higher classes from Lincoln, Clement
and Pacific Heights Grammar schools —
1500 pupils in all — will be in evidence.
Next Tuesday night it is proposed to
hold a debate on the new charter. Yes
terday P. J. Healy and J. M. Reynolds of
tbe Municipal Reform League issued a
challenge for a public debate to J. D.
Phelan and J. Richard Freud on the date
mentioned.
Graham's New Studio.
Donald de V. Graham has engaged a new
studio At 715 Sutter street and will move there
on the 15th lnst. The new quarters will be
equipped and decorated in a pleasing fashion.
Kilted His Wife and. llitmrlf.
RICHMOND, Mo., Sept. 10.— At a late
hour this afternoon Charles Maidment of
this city killed his wife and then took his
own life. The cause is not yet known.
NEW TO-DAY
Stumped !
Our Business Men's Suit for $6.45 stumps the
entire clothing trade. Think of it! Think of it I
An All-wool Sack Suit, right-up-to-date in fabric
and style, equal to the retailers' $10, $12 and $15
suits.
But it's for this week only; it will be many a
week before you may again buy so much comfort,
style and genuine value for $6.45. You stand in
your own light if you let this chance slip.
These suits are made in our own factory. Have you bean
in to aeeit? Come in and see what home industry and whir*
labor are doing in your city. ue
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO )
MARKET 54| STREET.
CITY POPULISTS
IN CONVENTION
Pitching Their Tent at
Market and Larkin
Streets.
LEGISLATIVE TICKET .
J. R Ruckstell Elected Chairman
and G. D. Gillespie
Secretary.
A ITJLL MEDICAL COMMITTEE.
Prospective Candidates to Be Investi j
gated— Recommerding the
Voting Machine.
The San Francisco legislative conven- ;
tion of the Populist party met last even
ing at their tent, corner of Market and
Larkin streets, for organization. The per
mutant officers elected were: J. R. Ruck
stell, chairman; G. D. Gillespie, secretary ;
P. E. Erickson, sergeant-at-arms.
Tbe following delegates from the As- j
sembly districts answered to roll call:
Twenty-eighth— J. A. Johnson, J. C. Gore; I
Twenty- ninth— T. H. Porter, W. J. Greer;
Thirtieth — So delegation present: Thirty-first :
—Henry Huppert, C. F. Peck; Thirty-second— .
Thomns Weilan, P. E. Erickson; Thirty-third— j
IJ. M. Custer, H. D. Green; Thirty-fourth— J. D. |
Spencer, H. \V. Fletcher, H. N. Clifford, H. V. ,
Kruse; Thirty- fth— No delegntion present;
Thirty-sixth— A. B. Kmiie. W. H. Rbertson;
Thirty-seveuth— J. N. Hague, H. McClennon ; .
Thirty-eighth— No delegation present; Thirty- j
ninth— Louts Chester. F. M. Tuley; Fortieth— [
J. H. Tingman, W. Gambs; Forty-first— H. O.
Tiffanny, Dr. George Adams; Forty-second —
Jerry D. Hanna, Walter H. Gough ; Forty-third
— No delegation present; Forty-fourth— No
delegation present: Forty-fifth— Joseph Me-
Manns. Julius Franklin; at large— E. S.Barney,
W.E.Walter, J.A.Anthony, Dr. G. W. Day
wait, J. R. Buckstell, G. D. Gillespie, T. V.
Cator.
Chairman Ruckstell named as a commit
tee on resolutions Drs. Daywalt, Tuley
and Adams, believing that these three
medical gentlemen would prescribe intel
ligently for the good of the cause and con
vention.
J. H. Tingman, J. A. Gove and J. H.
Johnson were appointed a committee on
credentials.
On motion it was ordered that an inves- i
tigating committee be appointed to pass j
upon the general fitness of the legislative
candidates to be chosen. After some diffi
culty, as many appeared indisposed to act
in so delicate a capacity, J. H. Tingman,
J. M. Custer, W. E. Walter, Dr. George ;
Adams and J. D. Spencer were selected.
Tingman moved that the secretary
officially notify the leaders and members
of the Democratic and Silver parties in
this City that the Populist legislative con
vention is now in session. The motion i
was carried unanimously. It was also
moved that a conference committee be
appointed to confer with the Democratic
and silver people on affairs political. The
motion prevailed, but the matter was laid '
over till the next meeting.
J. A. Johnson offered a resolution to the
effect that in the last campaign a commit- I
mittee from the People's party recom
mended that the Clifford voting-machine
be used at all elections; and as a constitu
tional amendment is to be voted upon at
the coining election, legalizing a voting
machine in the State, therefore be it
Retolved, That the People's party pledge all
it.s candidates for the Legislature to support a
bill legalizing the Clifford voting machine, or
some one better, in place of our present elec
tion system throughout ihe State of California.
The matter was referred to the commit
tee on resolutions and the convention ad
journed till next Thursday evening, when
a full delegation will be present and the
legislative ticket chosen.
Blame Club To-Night.
The Blame Republican Club, of which
Thomas Desmond is president, will meet
to-night at K. R. B. Hall, Mason and
O'Farrell streets. Eloquent speakers will
be present and a spirited meeting may be
looked for.
HEW TO-BAT.
Danger to
Young Men.
I UUis^ IbSulli
The chances of total loss of manly power
are so great in men who find slight indi-
cations of a waste in the system that it is
vitally important that such indications be
attended to at ance. They should be
j checked while such a. thing is possible, for
; if they are permitted to continue, instead
■ of stopping naturally, they will Decome
i greater from day to day, and will, in a few
! years, completely disrupt the whole nerv-
I ous and vital organism.
j Young men who notice what they con-
i aider light symptoms of weakness do not
i realize the danger that lurks in their path.
They do not understand the serious conse-
quences, the destruction of nerve tissue,
j waste of vital force and power of brain,
I loss of flesh, loss of memory and total
lim potency. These are 'he consequences
that follow in the trail of slight evidences
of weakness.
CURE IT NOW.
To protect your future manhood, to
guard against total loss of vitality, regain
your health now. While youth is at band
! to bring happiness and joy, such as comes
| to the strong, drive away the cause of de-
pression, bring back confidence, bright
1 eyes and happy disposition. Bring them
back naturally by removing the weakness,
' Yoa can do this with
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
MANHOOD QUICKLY RESTORED.
1 1 Pounds in 28 Days.
ANGELS CAMP, August 7, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: It is over a month
since I commenced to wear your Bait, and it has
I made a great change in my condition. I have
! gained eleven pounds in twenty-eight days.
■ When I started to wear your belt I was so run
I down that I had to give up work. The belt
stopped the weakness in four days, and I
have had none since. I took up my duty at the
engine after wearing the belt a week and have
■ not lost an hour since. My father has been
i wearing the belt from three to four hours a
I day, and is now able to put his hands above
I his head, something he has not been able to do
1 for forty-five years, and he never tires of tell-
ing the people of the good the belt has done
for him. As for me, I would DOC take all tho
! gold in the country for my belt and no back to
: the condition I was in two months ago, if I
could not get another one like it. I cannot
[ speak too highly of your belt and tho good-it
has done me. 1 remain yours gratefully. ■ r
'J. L. TIBERGHEIX.
Men wftc are weaK, or wno ieei any sign
of weakness, should try this famous" Elec-
tric Belt. It will give yon new life and
energy. It cures all the effects of youth-
ful errors. Send for the book "Three
Classes of Men," which Dr. Sanden will
send, close. sealed, free on application.
Gall or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. m. l»
8:30 f. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
M)S ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, 08..
BU4 South Broadway. | 203 Washington strat*.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
DESPITE
THAT SPRBGKELS FENCE
Success has crowned our efforts. Our aim
has always been to give Best Va'ues for the
least money. The masses of the people are
aware of this fact. We at no time try to de-
ceive them. Your confidence is our success.
Compare prices with those elsewhere.
These shoes are made of the Best Vicl Kid.
with patent tips, kid and cloth tops, opera and
square toes. Cannot be excelled elsewhere for
no less than $2.
M Al IITRA FIXE ml
mm til kid shoes.
E.jaJL I I Misses' and Children's
&*££&*%> UM Extra Fine Vici Kid
f BHU^k wB hoes. ki'l and cloth tops,
t^'-^Ssa^ ** stylish and guaranteed
MMr—^JT *^iim m to jrive entire .satisfac-
»vt -TSYMitfwTii'T lion— in C, D, E and Eli
widths.
Children's sizes, 8 to 10% »1.00
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2........ 51.25
IS" Country orders solicited.
«9T Send for Sew Illustrated Catalogue.
Address ; .
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
j*.d&G&P2sto*9**i. m Big 6is a non-poisonoua
*&B3&tF*^^QTrßai ren >edy for Gonorrhoea,
iIK&S^ *:U«Eb"^?3 Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/BKW in 1 to 5 J»T«.\fi "bites, unnatural dis-
jSjsp«y Gu»r»ntte<i jj charges, or any inflamnia-
&s*»Jß not to ttrietore. tioa, irritation or ulccra-
g~3J Prevents conugion. tion of mucous mem-
HEEYAN3 CHEMI<->[ Op, »nes. Non-aatringent.
Id^CINCINNATI.O BBj£| Sotd b 7 Ornegiatc,
yMßk^ XS. 3. x .Wl or sent in plain wrapper,
4^H D^^_ J*&''%§ express, prepaid, fur
'<?Hfl ita^Fs* *! ' iV 00 ' or 3 bottles, C3.7S
B« Circular sent or - . ttaft.
TII ■■ fit n A laxative refreshing M
I M ill si **""• lozenge.
9 nillnll very sprceable to cake.
CONST IP AXIOM
•  __ _ _ __ hemorrhoids, btle,
IMI 1 C UM loss of appetite, p-astrlc «n«
Il« U & Ifl intestinal troubles and
■"""•■*■■■ headache arising
_ _ _ from them.
(f& 111 I 1 All E. ORILLON,
&31 11 I lIIM »8 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
UllllifciWll Sold by aJi Dru«Ul*ROBBERY AND
INCENDIARISM
Investigation Into the Cause
of a Fire on Post
Street.
SUSPICIOUS DISCOVERY.
Valuable Silverware and Money
Stolen From a Trunk in
the House,
THE EEAE DOOR FORCED OPEN.
It Is Believed the Place Was Set oa
Fire by the Thief to Cover
Up His Crime.
What has every appearance oi being a
robbery, followed by an attempt to burn
down the building to cover the crime, is
being investigated by Fire Marshal
Towe.
Wednesday evenine about 8 o'clock a
fire broke out in the flat at 920 Post Btreet
occupied by Mrs. Elizabeth Niles, an old
lady, the widow of a policeman. The
fiames were extinguished before much
damage was done, and after the smoke
cleared away there was unmistakable
evidence of incendiarism.
The house is a two-story one, and Mrs.
Niles occupies the top flat. The occupant
of the lower flat was the first -to discover
the fire, and thinking that Mrs. Niles was
perhaps in bed he ran upstairs in the rear.
The door was open, and after making a
hurried search of the rooms he did not
find any trace of the old Jady.
Mrs. Nilea was seen by the Fire Marshal
yesteraay. Bnesaid: "I left the house
about 7 o'clock to make a call, and locked
both tbe front and rear rooms. I did not
return tm about 9 o'clock, and was sur
prised and alarmed to find that the house
nad Deen on nre. lam positive I locked
the rear door, and there was nothing com
bustible in the house."
In making his examination the Fire
Marsnai asked to examine her trunk. She
gave him the key, and, after trying to
open it, be found it was unlocked. Mrs.
Niles told him she had locked it the
previous night before the fire, and was
alarmed at it being unlocked. When tbe
trunk was opened she immediately said
that her silverware, which was packed in
it, had been stolen. Sbe said sbe also
had $80 in coin in the trunk, but it was
not found, and the probability is it had
been stolen also.
The fire had been confined entirely to
the dining-room, but in one of the front
bedrooms the Fire Marshal found a small
wicker basket filled with excelsior satu
rated with kerosene.
"I tbinit," said the Fire Marshal last
night, "that Mrs. Niles is telling the truth,
and it strikes me that whoever stole her
siJverware and money put the wicker bas
ket fn tiie bedroom to eive the impression
it was a case of incendiarism on the part
of the occupant so as to remove suspicion
of robbery if the trunk and its contents
had been destroyed.
"Another peculiar thing is that the rear
door was found unlockoa and the brass
covering at the lock had been forced off.
This leads me to the belief that the thief
had tried to open the door with a key, but
finding tbe brass was in the way be forced
it off, which enabled him to insert the key
in tbe lock.
"Mrs. Niles is a respectable old lady.
Sho was to have removed to another
house to-day and part of her furniture
had been taken there. She is insured for
$1000, which I think is far too much, but I
blame the brokers more than her, as they
force people to overinsure their property.
"I have not yet finished my investiga
tion, but I am inclined to believe that
robbery was committed and the place was
set on fire to cover up the crime."
The case has been reported to the police.
THE LEPERS ARE BETTER
Remarkable Effect of the Goto
Remedy on Pesthouse
Inmates. v
Ravages of the Disease Arrested and
Patients Happy— A New Supply
Wanted.
The unfortunate lepers at the Pesthouse
were never so happy since they first en
tered the forbidding institution on Twen
ty-sixth street as at present. According
to their own statements and the observa
tion of the superintending physician there
seems to be good reason for the lepers' re
joicing. For the sufferers claim that the
Goto cure — the unknown quantity in med
icine brought over from Japan — has at
least arrested the ravages of their dread
ful disease, put an end to the pain and
burning sensations and healed their
bodies. The physician corroborates most
of these assertions, more particularly the
one of healing, because he has noted the
change for the better and can speak his
convictions based on observation. From
this it may be inferred that the remedy of
"Dr." Goto of Japan has a beneficial effect
on leprosy.
"The patients are taking the cure con
stantly," said the doctor yesterday, "and
they are apparently comfortable and
cheerful, but beyond healing ti.e ulcers I
see no change in their condition. They
claim that their general condition has im
proved, but the cure now seems to be at a
standstill. Their appetites are good and
the pain and burning sensation in those
who suffered has neurly totally disap
peared. Only the deformity remains.
"The supply of the remedy has pretty
nearly given out, and it would be a good
thing for The Call, or somebody, to start
a subscription with which to buy another
supply.' 1
"Why not the City?"
"Can't. In the first place the appropria
tion was made oefore we bad a chance to
find out if the cure had any good in it.
No provision was made in the appropria
tion for the purchase of the drug, which
was then regarded as an experiment. For
several reasons I think it a good thing to
continue it. For instance, it improves
the condition and has a eood effect on the
minds of the lepers. The remedy will last
about two months longer— just long
enough to get a fresh supply if ordered at
once."
Stole Gold l»uv.
For several days Detective Bohen and Police
men Campbell and Douglass have been match
ing the General Postoffice for Jack Dangerfield,
a man wanted In Auburn, Placer County, for
stealing $40 in gold dvg 1 . He was arrested
yesterday afternoon when he called for letters
and was taken to the City Prison, to await toe
arrival of the Sheriff oX Placer County.
All Classes of Vessels Were Off the Golden Gate Yesterday. There Were Schooners, Barkentines, Barks, Ships and Steamers, AU Making for the Entrance, but the
Prettiest Scene of the Day Was When the Archer, Emilia Gampa, Wavertree and Columbia Were AU Making Port at the Same Time. The Archer Secured
a Tug and Won on Time Allowance.
ALL CLASSES OF
VESSELS ARRIVE
Barkentines, Barks and
Ships Made a Gocd
Showing.
IN ON THE FLOOD TIDE.
Off the Heads the Ciampa Led
the Way, but the Others
Held Their Own.
THE ARCHER SECUBED A ITJG.
Nevertheless the Ciampa Beat Her
Ii and the Others Made
Good Time.
Among the arrivals yesterday was a
representative of almost every craft afloat.
The big China liner, City of Peking, got
in early in the morning and late in the
afternoon the schooner Emma Utter ar
rived witfc 360,000 feet of lumber from
Port Blakeley.
At one time there was off the heads the
barkentine Archer, twenty-two days from
Honolulu; the Italian bark Emilie
Ciarapa, 162 days from Antwerp, and the
British ship Wavertree, sixty-nine days
from Newcastle, N. S. W. Jn the distance
was the ship Columbia, beating her way
in from the Sound. Tugboats and coasters
filled up the picture.
The Italian bark Emilie Ciampe came
in under sail. Captain Maresta reports
that off the Horn be had the usual heavy
weather and in the Pacific the calms, re
ported by nearly every vessel that has ar
rived during the past month.
Early in the morning the British ship
Androsa, Captain Morgan, got in. She is
from Caleta Buena and is well known in
San Francisco. Captain Morgan was for
merly chief officer of the ship Somali, the
bizgest sailing vessel that ever visited this
coast. He is disgusted over the long voy
age made by his ship to San Francisco, but
asserts that "only the gods control the
winds."
Of all the vessels that came in together,
the Ciampa reports heavy weather off the
Horn and light winds to San Francisco,
while the Wavertree had light winds ali
the way. The Archer was caught in sev
eral squalls, but th«y were all against l.er,
and in consequence when Captain Cal
houn came to hgure up his time he found
that his vessel was at least a week behind
j lime.
The only disengaeed vessel in port is
the British ship Lauriston. October load
ing has called every craft into requisition,
ami vessels that last month could notcom
rnand anything like decent prices are now
selling at a premium. Captain W. F.
Mills of Herriman & Miils has purchased
a gold, silver and copper mine in Nevada.
The firm wants to send the ore to Swansea
for treatment, and Captain Herriman is
anxious to secure a cheap charter. He has
almost succeeded in 'making a coiitract
with the captain of the Lauriston, and in
the event of its completion the ore will go
to Swansea and another industry will leave
this coast.
The Harbor Commissioners did not meet
yesterday. Commissioner Cols was on a
visit to his ranch in Sierra County and
Commissioner Chadbourne had not re
turned from his Stockton trip. President
Colnon was on hand, but as be was alone
in the business nothing could be done.
Private letters from England state that
Captain Wishart of the Sierra Parima
was exonerated from all blame by a
court of inquiry. The ship went on the
Maldive Islands in a dense fog, and the
court of inquiry held that Captain Wishart
had exercised due diligence, and that the
set of the current was responsible for the
grounding of the ship, and not the
master's seamanship.
The cabin passengers on the C'.fy of
Peking were: Mrs O. Mertens Jr., L.
Grimessey, Henry M. Hart, P. Wasserfali,
Colonel Preston, Adolf Zikel, Alfred R.
THE SAN FKAKCISCU CAJ^JL, FIUDAf, SEPTEMBER '11, 1896.
Riggs, Michael Goutberet, Charles D.
Hart, Lieutenant W. Evans, U. S. N. C.
S. Arthur, late purser on tbe Oceanic, was
also a passenger.
He is insane and imagines that he owns
all the gold in the United States Treas-
I ury. He dispenses millions as a doctor
J dispenses drugs and a check for a million
means no more to him than a 10-cent drink.
I After leaving the Oceanic he started a sa
{ loon in Yokohama and made a success of
it. Success turned his head.
A number of United States sailors were
brought over in iron*, but as their offense
is desertion the chances are that they will
get off with light sentences.
The Peking cad a rough time of it. She
was in Hongkong when the hurricane de
vastated China anl was leaving Yoko
hama when the typhoon that wrecked the
coast of Japan was raging.
For hours she could make no headway,
and when the bi» steamer reached port
yesterday her smokestack and lower yards
were white with the salt spray thrown
against them by the gale.
The steam schooner National City rut
in here yesterday on her way to San Die^o
to land some passengers. She was from
Eureka.
The schooner Eliza Millpr arrived from
Nushagak, Alaska, yesterday with a full
cargo of salt salmon. The captain reports
that in ten days tie caught all tbe fish his
vessel could hold and that time atid again
the boats could not navigate the river on
account of the rush of fish.
Will Shoot at Shell Mound.
Major Tilden's battalion of the First Regi
ment will shoot on next Sunday at Shell
Mound Park. The programme for the day's
amusement is: Kan Francisco Schuetzcn Ve
retn medal, Germania Schuetzen Club medal
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club medal. Inde
pendent Rifles medal. Nord-deuucher Schuet
zen Club bullseye shooting-, Nationals Com
panies C and G, F and k, N. G. C.
REVERSED THE COLLECTOR
The General Appraiser Says
Japanese Matting Can
Enter Free.
Ruling in a Lccal Case ot Interest to
Many Importers Upon the
Pacific Coast.
A decision of some importance to local
importers of Japanese floor matting has
just been rendered by General Appraiser
fSomervilie. The opinion reverses a ruling
recently made by Collector Wise and inci
dentally gives a precedent for future im
portations of a similar character. The
facts in the case are fully covered in the
opinion of the General Appraiser, the
substance of which is as follows:
W. J. Sloane & Co. and M. J. Brandenstein <fc
Co. va. Collector at San Francisco.
Opinion by Somervllle, G. A., August 26,
x 890«
The merchandise covered by each of the pro
tests consists of floor niattin*, commonly
known as Japanese floor matting, and is prop
erly represented by the accompanying sample
marked exhibit 2. The Collector ><*sessed the
merchandise covered by tirottst 285(37- B under
paragraph 277 of the tariff act o! 1894 at 35
per cent ad valorem as a manufacture of vege
table fiber not specially provided for in said
act; that covered by protest 29686-B was as
sessed for duty at 25 per cent ad valorem
under paragraph 352 ot said act as a manu
facture of straw not specially provided for in
said act.
It is insisted in the protests that the articles
in question are subject to classification either
under said paragraph 277 as a manufacture of
straw or tree under paragraph 485, which
reads as follows:
"iloor matting manufactured from round
or split straw, including what is commonly
known as Chinese matting."
We find from the testimony taken at the
hearing that the merchandise consists of
Japanese floor matting usually imported in
leiißtns vaiying from one to forty yards and
rcade of round straw. The peculiar texture of
the matting consists of two round straws
which are twisted together. An expert wit
ness who testified at the hearing stated that
Chinese matting is almost universally made
ot split straw, wnile Japanese matting is made
of round straw.
We find accordingly that the merchandise 1b
floor matting manufactured of round straw
within the meaning of said paragraph 485 of
the free list and the protests claiming the
goods to be exempt from duty under »aid
paragraph are sustained and the Collector's
decision in each case is reversed with instruc
tions to reliquidate the entries accordingly.
Meeting of McKinley Invincible*.
The first meeting of the McKinley In vincibles
will be held this evening at the Auditorium.
The speakers will be Hon. A. G. Booth, Colonel
J. P. Jackson and Hon. Frank L. Coombs of
Napa. Madam Ellen Coursen-Roeckel, att
ainted by twenty-eight young ladie«, will sing
"The Banner of the Bear," and Sain Booth and
the California Quartet and Blum's full
orchestra will furnish the musical part of the
entertainment, and there will also be recita
tions. The galleries only will be reserved for
ladies and escorts.
New frames of old Dutch and hog oaks and
mat gilts at Sanborn dc Vail's; fine and cheap.*
CATHOLIC LADIES'
NINTH CONVENTION
They Will Meet Next
Tuesday at the Hotel
Del Mar.
GOOD DEEDS OF A YEAR.
The Aid Society May Feel Proud
of Its Nobl.; and Gen
erous Charity.
DELEGATES TO THE CON VENTIOH
Representatives of Branches Thrcugh
cut California Who Will
Participate.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society isabout
to bold its ninth annual convention, and,
as new questions are to be met on ttiis
occasion, considerable speculation is going
on as to what may be the outcome of the
convention.
Members of the society are congratulat
ing themselves over a good year's work,
all in the cause of charity, and the results
so far accomplished have imbued the
charitable ladies with enthusiasm for more
extended endeavor* on behalf of those
needing assistance. Another reason is
given for the self-satisfaction entertained
by the more active members, and it is
this— the Hotel del Mar, which is owned
and conducted by the society at beautiful
Santa Maria del Mar on Monterey Bay,
near Santa Cruz, has had a very suc
cessful season. The hotel is maintained
as a Catholic summer resort by the sea
side, with the main object in view of
applying whatever profits that might
accrue to charitable purposes. The con
vention will be held this year at Hotel del
Mar, whither several delegates are already
journeying.
With mass in the hotel next Tuesday
morning the ninth erand council of the
society wiil be opened. It is expected that
the deliberations of the delegates will
carry the session on to Saturday, when
the week will be brought to a close with a
grand ball either at Del Mar or Santa
Cruz.
The delegates who will be present are:
uranch No. 1, Oakland— Kirk, Mrs. Mo-
Giimih; alternates. Miss Anna Porter, Miss M.
Coleman.
Branch N0.2, San Francisco— Nellie Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. M. Henry; alternates, Mrs. L.
Lamburth, Mrs. Fennell.
Branch No. 3. Alameda— Miss A. Kearney,
Miss Kate Jollymon; alternates, Mrs. K. Bup
pert, Mrs. E. St. Sure. .
Branch No. 6, Ullroy— Marcella Fitzger
aid, Miss Maria Ryan; alternates, Miss Lizzie
White, Miss Ella Regan. :
Branch No. 8, San . Francisco— Annie
O'Leary, Miss EmraaFiessel: alternates, Mrs.
Smith, Miss Scuelby.
Branch No. 9, San Francisco— Miss Amelia
Martin, Miss Kate Maguire; alternates, Mrs.
John Lysett, Miss Adele Le Bert.
Branch No. 10, San Francisco— Miss Mary
Atkinson, Miss Josie Moran; alternates, Miss
L. McGeary, Mrs. Burns.
Branch No. 11, San Francisco— Miss Emma
Russell, Miss Mary Tuite; alternates, Miss
Delia Muller, Mrs. S. Tobin.
Branch No. 12, San Francisco— Mrs. Mabel
Kennedy, Miss Rose de la Hautiere; alternates,
Mrs. Mary Carroll, Mrs. Dunn.
Branch No. 13, Santa Cruz— Mrs. T. L. O'Neil,
Miss Mollle Regan; alternates— Mrs. James A.
Tait, Miss Ambroslne Ponsam.
Branch No. 17. San Luis Oblspo— Mrs. M.
Pinho, Mrs. M. T. Dorey ; alternates— Miss Nella
O'Connor. Miss Massie McHenry.
Branch No. 18. South San Francisco — Miss
Mary McDonough, Miss Mary Ford; alternates
—Miss Mary Courtney, Miss Mary Walsh.
Branch No. 19. San Francisco— p. J.
White, Mrs. Thompson; alternates— Car
vill, Mrs. Holmes. -
Branch No. 20, Ban Francisco— Blanche
Dean, Mrs. Phil 8. Fay; alternates— Mamie
Ragan, MissQnigley. ;'.:'.
Branch No. 21, HolUster— Mrs. E. J. Breen
Miss Mary Smythe ; alternates— Saibley
Mrs. Coy.
Branch No. 22, Santa Rosa— Miss Ellen Mc-
Gowan, Mrs. J. P. Fitts; alternates— J.
Kenrna, Mrs. A. Popes.- •
Branch No. H 23, Petaluma— Mrs: D. J. Healy,
Miss Minnie Kenneally; alternates— Mrs. Rob
inson, Mrs. D. M< Govern. .-■ . •: .
-"■ Branch • No. 24, San . Rafael— Mrs. Clinton
Jones. Mim Mary Eden; alternates— Dai
ficy, Miss Mary Kelly.
Branch No. 25, San Francisco— Mrs. Jennie
Diu?y, Mrs. May Heaney; alternates— Miss
Maria Donohue, Miss Mary .'ones.
Branch No. 26, Lompoc— Mrs. J. C. Craft;
alternate, Mrs. V. *s. fcanor.
Braucn No. 7, Stociion— Miss Weber.
In the absence of Mrs Margaret Deane,
the grand president, Mrs. J. G. Cooney,
senior urand Vice-president of Santa Cruz,
will preside.
During the past year the total disburse
ments of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
amounted to something more than $9000.
This was distributed among deserving
poor people, to some as fuel, to Others* as
provisions or medicine or new clothing,
and frequently in cash. The money was
received by the society from dues, dona
tions and entertainments.
With repard to membership the society
has maintained its old standard of about
1500 members, inciodine coiitrioutinjr,
honorary and active. Two branches were
established since tne last convention, one
at Lompoc, Sania B.irb-.ira County, and
the other in trail Francisco.
It is proposed to revise ib« constitution
and ritual of the society with a view of
doing relief work more actively even than
before, and altogether in the interest of
the needy. Tlie sociey tuus describes its
worthy aims and objects:
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society is an organ
ization, whose mission is to aid the poor and
di>tres.-fd, and to cultivnte sociability and
friendship whenever practicable among the
Catholic women Wherever a branch is located.
In the dispensing of charity no distinction as
to creed or nationality is made — tne needs of
suffering humanity being paramount, and
their relief bting the first consideration. But
a stronger plea is to be considered, and in aid
of tins we hope for the co-operation of a gen
erous and ttiscrimitiatini; public, viz. — that no
assist those who call for iielp, to help them
selves, and thus enttbie them to main tain their
self-respect, one of the greatest factors in well
ordered communities.
For the proper disbursement of charity, re
lief committees are c ppolnteii, to serve three
months. Should immediate aid be requir-il,
the committee Investitures the cases with full
power to act; uut should it not nevd immedi
ate assistance, the case is brought before the
society, ana after a thor m^n investigation, a
vote is takeu to decide the matter.
The home and employment committee also
takes a prominent part in our work. It is the
duty of this committee to find homes for
friendless and orphan children in families or
other suitable places, and to secure employ
ment for any in need of it.
The prand officers at the present time
are as follows:
Mrs. Margaret Deane, grand president; Mrs.
J. G. Cooney, tianta Cruz, grand senior vice
president; Mrs. Thomas Keegan, Santa Rosa,
grand junior vice-president; Miss Maria Flynn,
Oakland, grand treasurer; Miss Margaret Cur- i
tis, grand secretary ; Mrs. Mary J. Lohse, Oak- I
land, grand deputy.
Grand director*— Mrs X, Deane, Mrs. D. R.
Loazier, Mrs. F. \V. Warren, Mrs. J. J. Gonza
lez, Miss E. M. Mticdonalrt. Mrs. A. Collins, Miss
M. Can, lira. J. W. Shanuhan, Mrs. M. Chaji
dier, Mrs. H. Molloy and Mrs. M. A. Rafferty.
THE MORTGAGE TAX
J. I>. Phelan Writes » Communication
to the Association of Improve
ment Clubs in Opposition.
The following communication has been
addressed by James D. Phelan, president
of the Association of Improvement Clubs,
to the members of the association in op
position to the adoption of constitutional
amendment 1, which provides for the re
peal of the mortgage tax:
At the last meeting of this association there
was a discussion of constitutional amend
ment 1, apparently providing for the repeal of
the mortgage tax. Yuu were requested to
bring tbe matter to the notice of your several
clubs before the association would take final
action as to its approval or disapproval of the
said amendment
I find on examination that the consti
tutional amendment proposed does not, as a
matter of fact, repeal the mortgage-tax law in
the sense which we regarded it. The amend
ment exempts mortgages from taxation, but it
does not exempt uoies or credits secured by
mortgage, so the object of the repeal is de
feated.
Under the old constitution the courts held
that ft note or credit was not property and
therefore not taxable, but the present con
stitution defines votes or credits to be prop
erty, therefore, if "mortgages" were exempt
from taxation the notes secured by the mort
gages would be taxed and the result would be
that the borrower would pay the full tax on
his property, without deduction, and, in
directly, pay the tax on tbe note, which the
banks would of course figure in the interest
rate. To illustrate: If a man having prop
erty assessed at $10,000 borrows $5000 on a
note and mortgage be is now entitled to a
deduction of SJ>5OOO and pays direct tax upon
$5000 only and indirectly on the $5000 he
borrows; but if "mortgages," as above, were
exempted from taxation ihen he would pay
the eutire direct tax on his property , assessed
at $10,000, and an indirect tax, included in
the interest, on the $5000 he borrows. This
would increase his burden at least one-third.
It would be unjust and accomplish no good
purpose commensurate with the evil done.
I desire to call the attention of the members
to these facts which were not brought out in
the discussion at our last meeting. For this
Tenson I believe the report of our law com
mittee should be adopted and that our asso
ciation should oppose the reveal of the mort
gage tax and consequently resist the adoption
of constitutional amendment No. 1.
Ay to the other points raised in that dis
cussion I desire to say that growing crops,
now exempt from taxation, are not affected
by the amendment. Ii only affects mortgages
and deeds of trust, exempting them from
taxation.
THE DEAD BANDIT
IS IDENTIFIED
E. Sells of the Circus in
Central Park Knew
Him.
SO DID SEVERAL OTHERS
He Was Known as Dec Morgan
and Had a Very Bad
Character.
TRIED TO KiLL A STABLEMAN
Two of His Knowu Corrpanions Do Not
Tally With the Decriptions of the
Oiher Train-Robbsrs.
F. J. Morgan, the train-robber shot by
Engineer Ingles near Sacramento on
September 5, has at last been identified.
On Wednesday night E. Sells, one of the
proprietors of the circus now in Central
Part, saw Detectives Seymour and Whita
ker and he asked them to show him th 6
photo of the dead bandit. Yesterday
morning Captain Lees sent Detective Gib
son with the photo. An soon as he looked
at the photo Le said, "Yes, that's rcy
man." He then asked Gibson to go with
him and see Mr. Chambers, the manager
of the menagerie. Chambers glanced at
the photo and immediately said: "That's
Doc Morgan, who was with us at our win
ter quarters in Columfbus, Ohio, last Feb
ruaiy."
The photo was next shown to one of the
stablemen known as "Pete," and he said:
"That's the man Morgan, who tried to kill
me. Where did you get the photo?" Mr.
feelis showed the photo to several others
and they all identified it as that of "Doc"
Morgan.
Mr. Sells then made the following state
ment:
The latter part of last February I was in my
office in Columbus, Ohio, wheu this man
(.U'jrgan) came iv and asked me for some work
with the circus. Ue said he would like to
work with the circus in order to bury himself
for a couple of years; that he had had some
trouble and it was a matter of dollars and
cents with him. I told him I had no work
around tbe place and would not give him any,
as I did not like his face and did not think he
wanted to hang around the circus for any
good reason. I felt pretty well satisfied he was
no good and notified my men not to have any.
thing to do with him or give him anything to
do. He remained around the circus for sev
eral days and took rooms at the Schrader
House and claimed there that he was con
nected with my circus. I instructed my em
ployes not to employ him in any capacity.
One day he came into the cookhouse and be
gan interfering with the cooks and ordered
them to cook a meal for him. My man, Pete,
came in and ordered him out of the place, and
they had words and Morgan would have killed
Pete if outsiders had not interfered. We are
all positive that this is the same man. He had
a chum who worked in our paintshop at
NEW TO-DAY. >"
GOOTCURE,
■": V\S". : " -U ■:" " ■ ""J
Liquor and Opium Habit— Cures Guaranteed
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book
free, fifth year. - Any inebriate of sound mind
can be cured and will remain cured. "
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST.. Sacramento, Cat.
Wrist's Life YeptaMe Pills
Are acknowledged ', by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple* aai
purity the blood. ,  •"** *-
Grossman'sSußGifiG Mixtara
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the » least exposure, ~ change of diet, ' or
: change In application to business. The medicina
contains nothing that is of th« least Injury to th«
conatltuUout A«]i>«ur i<MU* mc« 41 *
faUUtfc . '
Columbus. Ohio, by ilte name of Whitey Bliss,
and another man by the name of Elephant
Slim. All itiese tnrec men w re no good, but
were sirong-:nnied men. Morgan claimed to
be a native- of Kentucky, au i came to Colum
bus, Ohio, from Roanoke. Liberty County
West Virginia. He left with the other two
men about the latter part 01 February, and I
have not seen iiim since.
Morgan, described hs follows: 5 feet 10, age
about 30, 180 pound-, square shouldered,
high cheekbones, blue eyes, broad, square
chin and had a cut on one of his hands, but
wore a glove over it; this cut must have left a
scur; rot Mire whether right or left tiand, in
ciiued to ihink ripht; large-prominent ruse.
Kiiss— Age about 35, weight lt»s, 5 feet 9,
light comph-x on. i.hie eyes, light hair, light
mustache, high cheekboiies. large, prominent
nose, painter by trade, Al card man ana
strong-arm worker, latge scar on right wrist,
claimed to be a native of Virginia.
Elephant Slim— s feet 4. 140 pounds, Hgo
about 34, black hair and black mustache,
looks line a Spaniard, but is an American.
The description of Bliss and "Elephant
Slim" does not tally with the two men
seen in Morgan's company in the saloon
on East street.
BOUKED ON ihK£.t CHARGES.
How Robert JMoflUt Celebrated Admit-
sion Say.
Robert Moffitt, a molder, went into the
notion store of John Manderson, 153
Second street, on Wednesday morning and
hurled a pitcher at him. Manderson
chased him out of the store, but he soon
returned and asked for some nsh hooks.
They had some words and Moffitt threw
two tall bats at Mandeison, one of them
striking and shattering a show case. Then
he threw a box of soap and an ink bottle.
Moffitt then went to, the saloon of J. P.
Miller, 640 Howard street, and they soon
had a fight. Miller had him arrested for
battery, and yesterday morning Mander
son swore out complaints for his arrest for
malicious mischief and assault with a
deadly weapon. He was booked on both
charce**.
- NEXT TO-SAT.'
If you
can't drink tea or coffee, why
not try cocoa?
Cocoa, the most palatable,
the most nourishing drink in
the world — when it is pure,
when it is fresh.
Ghirardelli's is made here
— in California — in 'Frisco.
i There's no doubt of it's fresh-
ness. There's no doubt of
it's going farther, hence it
must be purer, stronger.
32 cups — 25 cents ■
Sold by all grocers
FA/4 o
JUSKk
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Diseases of - young:, middle,
aged and old men which weaKen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching;
baclc and diseased kidneys, inflamed
gl&nds, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years 'of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood, If you have a dizziness of ths
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, . a dread ' of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You.
have no 'time to lose. -■ Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWE ANY. Disease)*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariabiv cured. .
THE rOOlt of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are weicomo to his professional services
free.
Yon can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and, are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence ; strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
nR F I QIA/CAMY 737 Market St.
UII. T. L. OflLnnl, Ban Francisco, Cat
DR. G-TT . ■j*.
HERB PHYSICIAN of the sf*o%ts&K
FLOWERY KINGDOM. J^t^^^
HE IS Of Q KKA T EMI- P^^iiggjii
JLL nence and learning, VsZP ; *^^^**i&
having long experience in
the Imperial Hospitals of j __ T
China. He has practiced • A C*^ o^ li
his profession in America 13 "v" / 7% if
for 16. rears and cored thou- \f! <r \ V
sands of sick ami afflicted. U "**» If
He guarantees a cure of all V .-^_ /
diseases of men, women - \ * ■ J "
nnd children when cure is A. S
possible. No niaaer if oth- << Qt_
Irs have failed to euro you, \K.^?W<fKß>
try OR. GUY. Everybn.ty '^^B«^SP^
invited to call. Convjltu- i "*^^^
tlon free. Offi-es— • KEARNY ST., bet.
Washington and Jackson. ■
IRON BET***.'
~~J 1 m "i *** * brass beds;
<*- ■ ~ / . FOLDING BEDS'
- Wire and Hair J£»>
tresses, Keel i nl a :
..... Chairs, Wheel 1 Chair i,
TT * ' " Commodes, Back He*:*
11 C fftlffllf VA - SCHROCJJi
r^H 1J HI — 21 —
*"■»■"■ ■— ii-laM . 2s"ew Montgomery
r ■■• :• ■*• X ■■ I-J St., under Cirautl
Hotel. B. Jf\
X !;PATENTsf 3
. 0 MARKET S.™S§£S^
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Linseed Oil lower.
Silver depreciates again.
Wheat firm.
Barter weak.
Oats. Corn and Eye unchanged.
Heavy receipts of Hay.
Beans nominal
Poiaioes coming forward heavily.
Onions sill cheaper.
Vegetables very low and dnlL
Poultry market «yak.
Butter getting Quieter.
Old Cheese < omlng in freely.
Ranch Ecgs tiled.
Bartlett I'ears very firm.
Peaches and Figs dull. Grapes lower:
Melons weaker.^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
Limes dtclined.M
DrU-d Fruit and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions soil well
HEAVY GOLD IMPORTS.
The Boston News Bureau of the Sd nays that the
gold or.lered for the United ~tates 10 that date ag
gregates $26,^45.000, independent of the amount
ordered to San Francisco from Australia, of the
amount ordered to New York $6,959,1 65 arrived
prior to the 4th, and $6,'J&O.Oi'O of that sum ha i
been aepo-lted in i tie sub-T easury. A 1 ree
amount was expect- d on the sth. These heavy
Imports of gold have quickened .rade In the I'.a.t
somewhat, but the Bank of Kn.and has raised its
rate of discount in order to checs the • ntflow of
told from that country, so the imports may cease.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure* \
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. If any. the Amount of '
rainfall, of melteil snow In inches and bundredths, !
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid \
lln<'s, connect poir. s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hifch" means hish barometric pressure and
Is usnully accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refer* to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" 'is ally first apppar on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high in tha Interior
and low n'.ong the coast, and tbe Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "1..w" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. Wliha"hltrh" In :he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, n-arinei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BI'KKAU REPORT.
United States Depaktmst of Agkiccl/
-tcke. Weathkb Bureau, Sau Fbancisco, Sept.
10, 1896, 6 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 68, Red Bluff 90, San Francisco 62,
Fresno 90, San Luis obispo 74, Los Angeles 78,
San Diego 74, Yuma 98
Sau irancisco uata— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 54, mean 58
1 he pressure has risen slightly over the south
ern half of the Pacific SiODe and has fallen rapidly
over the northern half. An area of low D res hi re
Is central to-night over Montana, and a trough of
low pressure extends southward, curving Into Cali
fornia.
1 lie temperature has fallen along the coast of
California and in Kas em Arizona. It h a risen
over Nevada, Northeastern California and north
ward.
Killing frost was reported this morning at many
stations west of the Rocky Mountains. With the
exception of a slit:. it sprinkle of rain at >Doknne
the weather has been generally clear on the Pacific
Slope.
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
endive midnight. September 11, 1896:
Siorihern California— Fair Frldar, with fog in
the morning alon; the coast; warmer In the west
ern half: fresh westerly wines.
southern California — Fair Friday, with fog off
the coast in the morning; wanner Friday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— t'aii Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday : warmer.
Arizona— Fair Friday; warmer.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday: fog
In the morning: warmer; fresh westerly winds.
A. G. Mcadie. Local Forecast Official.
NEW VOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 10.— Speculation
at the Stock Exchange was irregular and rather
feverish. This is only natural in view of yester
day's heavy realizations and the « Sorts of the pro
fessional operators to bring about a reaction which
they claim is long overdue. An advance in the
Bank of England rate of discount to 2% percent,
the firs, change since February 22, 1894. a rise in
the 1 rice of eagles in the London market and
sllfTer discounts outside of the bank, coupled witn
lower prices for American securities abroad, all
assisted the reactionary movement. The action
of the bank, it was argued, would check gold ship
ments, but the reverse proved true and the pur
chases of eagles and bars at the Bank of England
< for .American account to-day footed up £.-.56 000
At home trie bank troubl a at New Orleans and
tne report of the Agricultural Department for Sep
tember on cotton were the unfavorable develop
ments- The !av»rabl>- news of the day other than
the < ngag- naents of gold were the report of the St.
Paul road for tbe first week of the current month
and lie declaration of the usual dividends by the
directors of the rond. .
As stated, operators were bearlshly Inclined and
prices gradually yielded under moderate pressure.
Ai Intervals the downward tt-ndency was checked
but in the final trading the market was weak in
tone.
The loss in prices ranged from i/a to ly, per
cent, Tobacco, Migar. Hock Island, Pacific m ail
Manhattan, lou svi ie and .Nashville le.inesseo
Coal and Heading being prominent Id the reac
tion. London houses were credited with sales of
10.100 10 16.080 shares, principally -t. Paul and
Louisville and Nashville. The last named was
so d on the damage to cotton crops and trade de
moralization in the South, Speculation lest eft
•weak in tone. Net changes show declines of Vtftd
2% per cent. In tne specialties Consolidated ifua
fell 1 to 145 and laier rose to 148. Illinois Sttel
declined 2 to 57@37%: Big Four preferred lumped
12 to 80. - . ,
Total sales were 181,154 shares. Including
37.500 -ugar, 35.600 M. Paul, 12,300 Louisville
and 11,300 i.url ngtoc.
The bond market was dull and weak.- Total
sales were 55U6.0G0. . Alchison general fours fell
1 to 74 V*: do . .ljustmeut. 114 to 33; Head ire
general lours. IV4 to 7314; do tl si preferred. I*2
to :2; do thirls, Ito 16% ; . exas Pacific «econ .*
114 to 16%, an 1 United ->.ates Cordage sixes cer
liteates, 1 to 17.
In Government bonds 5M 5,000 registered fours
ot 1907 sold a. 108%@1063/., and £50,000 regis
tere i lives at ilOV*(& '0.
Grain.
Fi-ovn— Steady; winter wheat, low trades.
*1 70@«2 60: 00 fair to fancy. $2 40@3 40: do
patents, $3 45(53 Minnesota deur. $* so®
a 70: do patents, »3 16©4 05; low extras, 81 70®
J.YE FLOOR— DuII, steady, *2 25@2 75.
CO UNREAL ■ Quiet; ye low Western, $1 85@2.
hVI-.— l'u;l; Western, 40c, f o. b. «»
BABLEY— Quiet; 48 pounds 31%e f. o. h.
.BAKLEY. XW I'-***1 '-**** 1 Wesiern, 48@53c.
• WHKAT-Dull. easier: No. 2 red to. b.
67c; ungraded . red, 67ff168c; No. 1 Northern
66c. . . '. "
options were moderately active and closed weak
a: i/b<rd<clin.-, io.low nj: the West unl on local
realizing with trading entirely loral, as specula
• FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
*k Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
■ ■ .■ ± BBANOH OFFICE '
128 Market Bt., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. J'll'.llV. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latent market quo.
tlona. Reference Ist National Bank. ,->. F.
eaiCAOo. • ru.yA.su wnun. mxw yobs.
tors were holding off for the Government report.
Decemoer most art ye. May, 6H%c; September,
638/ 8 c; October, 6:iS/ 8 c : December, b.'.i4c.
CORV— DuII, steady; No. 2, 26i4@25%c eleva
26V*@2e%c anont.
Options were dull and steadr at %c advance
on local loverinjr and reports of cold wave West.
December ami Ociob-r most active; September.
•^Ss/gc; October, 25% c: December. 2714 c; May.
litUyjjc.
OATS-Qulet, steady.
Options iu H. -firmer; ->ptember, 18»4c; October,
18»4c; December, -Jo%c.
» pot prices: .No. _. 20c; No. i white, i;?@
23% c: .No. 2 Chicago, li.He; »o. 3, 17% c; No. »
white, 20©20% c; mixed Western and white, 19
@20c.
I TOTlninm.
I- A HP— Quiet, easy; Western steam, 93 62%;
city, $3 35.
Option sales, none: September, 93 60, nominal;
refined, slow; continent. 94: e>ouin American.
9-* 40: compound, ; '/ B g4c
PORK-Stea.ly; n « mess, $7 60@8 50.
BCT'IKh — Less doinn: fancy about steady:
Western dairy. h@)i 2c: do creamery, ll%@lt>%c:
do . factory, <" %fa.ll Vie: Elgins, 16Va; imitation
creamery, 1 Of* 1 2 foe.
ItfiflH .-.tf-iTtfy, fair demand; Western, fresh.
15(g,16c; «Jo case, 9 1 80@4.
: ALLOW— ;iet, firm; city, 3 3-16 c: country,
3Vi@»«/8C
cuiTONSEED OlL— Strong, good demand;
crude, ulc: yellow crime. 24c
PETROLK M— Firmer: refined, 96 80; Phila
delphia, $7 60.
RICE— 1 inn: fair demand; domestic, 3i,4@.H/ic;
Japan, 4 14 c.
M«l.as.-Ks— Firm: New Orleans, i:7(a:.7c.
CCFFKK— Steady.lO to 15 points up: September,
93 1649 30: ocooer, *H 70@8 90: November,
$8 so(a!S 65: December, Januac , March and il ay,
a 1 $8 65@i8 60.. Spot Kn... dull, steady: No 7.
10% c.
-Lt. AH— Stead}-. Mold A, sc; standard A.4%c;
confectioners' a. 45/ c: cut loaf, 6«/ 8 c- crushed,
t>V«o: powdered, 6c; granulated, 4%c; cubes, 6c.
I 1 nit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New. Bags, B@loc
PEACHES— OId, peeled, i:.@l4c; unpeeled, 6
@Be. . '
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4%fd)6c.
KAlsiNs— 1 wo-crow i-, loose Muscatels. S%@
4c: do three-crown. s@6V*< : do tour-crowu. 6%
@6c: do London layers, *l(g,l 15; do clusters, 91 i!j
©1 45. . '*•
HOPS— Quiet, weak. Pacific Coast, B@B%c. 1
WOOL— steady. Domestic, fleece, lS«a2Sc;
pulled, Igtcolc; Texas, 7© 10c.
Merctiandlie.
t Tin irok— Fairly active. ' American. 910 25®
12 50.
I oi PEP- Quiet: lake. 910 66@10 85.
ii-Aii-Flrm: domestic, *2 76@J 80.
UN-Weak: sirnits. tl3 10®13 15; plates
steady, moderate demand.
tl-iiLTEK-Easy: - 1 ni«tic 93 60@3 60.
llilUtiO .U AKKiSTS.
CHICAGO. 11.1,. Sepr. 10.— A serious drawback
to activity in to-day's wheat market lay In the an
ticipation of the Government crop report, due in
th«< afternoon. Really very little business was
transacted, both buyers and sellers fee. ing some
what apprehensive and therefore disinclined to
assume an aggressive attitude.
First prices were a trifle under the final ones of
yesterday, some consid' ration being extended
heavy receipts in the Northwest, 1043 cars against
557 last. Thursday ana 8-9 a year ago. Chicago
received 154 cars and inspected -00,959 bushels.
The Cincinnati Price Curr-nt reported no change
in the crop situation and stated that fail plowing
was progressing favorably. Liverpool cables were
i,i<i higher.
Extremely large expert clearance*. 814,854
bushels, stimuli- ted prices for time, but after the
effect wore off even greater weakness than ap
peared early was noted. Buying against puts re
vived the marKet later and the last hour was
marked by comp«ra:ive firmness.
Closing Continental cab : were variously higher.
December wheat opened from 583' 8 c to 58Vi<\ sold
between 58%- and 68%@58s / '»c, closing at 68i/8@
08J/ic» Vi@ c under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow .575 cars. »
CORN— Frosts in 1 onions of tbe West and
Northwest, although conceded to be of no probable
importance as a menace to the crop, most of the
corn being out of the way of harm, nevertheless
Imbued traders in this market with courage, caus
ing some buying and a s Ight advancement In
prices. Trade was not brisk, however, and ample
room for Improvement existed. Receipts were
401 cars and 358,901 bushels were taicen from
store. Liverpool cables were quiet and unchanged.
Exports were fre« at 524.9H7 bushels. May corn
opened at 23% c, sold between 23»4c and 2414 c,
closing at 23%@24c, a shade overyesterday. Esti
mated receip.s for tomorrow. 550 cars.
OATS— Steadr. Neither the early strength of
corn or the then prevailing weakness of wheat
exerted any particular influence. Business was
limited to small local dealings. Receipts were 136
cars, and 215,030 bushels were taken from store.
Exports were light a 7535 bushels. May oats
closed unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow, 300 cars.
FLAX— Was firm Cash. 60<3601ac: Septem
ber, 64Vi@84%c: December, 6«JS4@U7c Receipts
were 9j cars.
PROVISIONS— InitiaI trading In product was at
steady prices, th" fact that hog prices were with
out change of no.c affording this market no de
cided influence. Later, however, the offerings
asserted force superior to tbe demand, and prices
wavered and men declined. January pork closed
10c lower, January lard a shade lower, and Janu
ary ribs 5c lower.
BUTTER— Tbe butter market was steady to
day. Tbe demand was good and offerings ample.
Prices were unchanged.
Creameries-Extras, 15c f> fi>: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds. ll@13c: imitations, fancy, l'J®;:-ic.
Dairies— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c,
Ladles-Extras, 9Vi@loc: firsts, B®BVaC packing
stock, 7<an/ 2 c: grease. 4@sc
EGGS— Tbe demand In this market was urgent.
Receipts showed no increase and the feeling was
consequently firm- Fresh stock, 12i&@13c fl
dozen.
AlOXE\— Was firm at 6@7% on call and 1% on
time loans. .New York exchange sold at tl 20 dis
count. :'■ .
< lonlntr Price*.
W'FTKAT— Senlemhor. S6V3C: December, 58ivt{a>
58V4C: May, 62V4(&52%c. w *
COBN — ceptemoer. iOVkc: December, 21V«c:
May, 23%@'J4c. . V 8 .
OATS— beptember. 158/sc: May. 18»4c.
POliK— September. *5 671/2: January, S6 62y«.
LAKl>— September. *3 25; January. $3 65.
l.liii— fc^pienioer, 16; January, S3 32Va-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. In,, Sept, 10.— The
supply of cattle on sale to-day was moderate, but
the demand was quiet and prices declined 6c to
10c per 100 pounds. . The demand for hogs was
brisk and prices were firm to 6c higher. Offerings
were light. The sheep market was slow and
dragged at about yesterday's prices. The feeling
was weak.
CATTLK — RecetDU. 13,000. Fancy beeves.
»5 15@5 30: choice 10 crime, 1300 to 1700 ft, steers.
Jf 4 85i«5 10; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600 tt>
$4 40&4 80; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 Ib, $4 10
(0,4 36: lair beef steers. 950 to 1300 lbs,
83 75® 4 00: butcher steers. 83 15 (§ 3 70;
choice stockers and feeders, 900 to 1250 &>, $3 40
@3 76; fair do. 600 to 875 fit. 92 40@3 40; bulls,
choice to extra, $2 80&3 25: bulls, poor to cnoice'
81 90@2 75: cows ana nMfera. choice to extra, *3 &o
(S3 75; cows, fair to choice, %'i. 26@3 40: rows,
common to fair canners. $1 65@2 20: calves, food
to choice, $5 26@5 75: calves, common to good
S3 00@5 20; Texas grass steers. *-' 40®i» 10;
Texas cows and bulls, fl 76©2 60: W. stern can
ning steers, $2 65@4; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 20@3 6l> milkers and springers, %» head,
$20@38i Western range steers, %•£ bO&lS 80.
iiuus — Receipts. 27,000. Heavy packing ana
'hipping lots. $2 7593 25: common to choice
mixed, 92 90&3 35: choice assorted, $0 3Oo>
3 40: light, «3 15(f1,a 40: pigs. «2<g,3 25.
bilKti'—Slow. Keceipis. 16,000. inferior to
choice, «2(8-3 iambs, *2 60*3 76.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT fSAI.ES.
CHICAGO. lv., Sept 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Eartletts, *1 25@1 45 Grapes-Tokay, 70c@$2:
Muscat, 45c(S*l. Peaches- Sal way, 45@h0c-
Plcquet's late. 70c. . IBWWI
NJsW YOKK, N. V., Sept. 10. -Porter Bros. Corn
pan, sold • California fruit to-day as follows:
Grape*— loSays. *. 60@l 85 * half crate; Mua
cais. fl 10. Pears— } urJetts, $1 60@l 80 »* box
am V6@9sc half box: Souvenir de Conirress
$1 46 f* box. Peaches -Picquet's late. $1 3i<ai 4J
* box. Plums— Japan, »l@l 10 ft half CraieT
>>i^\k iv>i. k .t. aa'UCK.4.
Bonds. Exchange. Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call Is easy at 506*: last loan
at 6% and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile
paper, b@9£. 2 *r silver. 66c Mexican •lohars.sl^
@53c: bierllng Kxchatue Is irregular, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 82i&4 82i,i
for s xty days, and $4 83S/4®4 84 for Jemima
£?«!r,?ii Sl ** 2 @* 84V%. Commercial bills.
*4h0(5>4 81. Goverument bonds easier. • State
bonds dull. Railroad bonds lower. Silver at the
board was neglected. '
AmTe\ ft Cable.... 86 .Norfolk * Wextr* ZXu
Atcblson 11% Preferred.... is
a J' refel d i 1 Northern Pacina'.: 11%
Adams J 1 ' lpre ? 8 --" 146 Preferred. ill?
Alton. Haute 65 Northwestern. 97fiZ
American KxpresslOB Preferred. " 14
ABoerlcanTobacca 8.i»4 X. V. Central!;"." dUi.
Preferred ::::: 95 N.Y..Chlca«o*s.U 9*4
IT ? tM i 5 isi 1-referred... 63*
Ealtlmore&Ohlo.. 13 id preferred . 28
Brunswick Lands.. ■% X. V.A N. M ""la? '
buffalo. Koch AP. 17 n X v * Ke w FnV to
Canada Pacific 67% X. Y.;*u»q & W.fl gl/
Canada southern.. 44 Preferred.. 22
(antonLand 507/,, Ontario....; .""" low
Ches. & Ohio xSa A Oregon Improvmw 'xt
thes.<feOhio Ida/ Ore K on Improvmw %
Cblc»RO Alton. 152 ; Preierred.
- Preferred 165 ire eon XavieatYo'a 12 '
SSf?*ia*a :: «^OrefonßhonS? 13
Cbtcaco &K. 111... 38 ■ I ariflc Mail • IS
Preferred.... ..:. bO leorla. D & Evani iv
rhicagoGM 58s/ 4 Plttsbur, *W p?d 5 %
Cl«-ve<fcPiusbnr#;..155 iPollman Palac*,. 142
Consolidation Co»L 31 Quicksilver y.
Consolidated Gas.. 147 Preferred is** I
c. C. c. & St. Loul, 26 Readme ."::"•• "»/, I
Preferreo... 79 | Woo rand eiwVsta 16 j
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 19% Prtferr-d....!! 40
•Preferred...; 90 Hock Island. '.'. 68V.
Cotton Oil Cert .... li % Home WaUfcOfdenl 107*2 ;
Commercial Cable. 125 t>t. l. &a. v " "i^ 1
Del. Hudson .11H .Preferred.. **"* «s*
DeLLaek.fcWeatrn.lsl St . Pan. ea^
Denver* B. 10%| Pref<rred.'.'":":;i26
Preferred. 41 81. Paul & Duiatn. 15
DlsUllers — j interred VT. 763/ j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
General Electric... 27 st. Paul & Omaha. 8*
Erie ; I'2V». • Preferred... 115
Preferred U9 Bt. P. M. A M...... 103%
Fort Wayne 149 Mlver Cer;lfl«wi. 66
treat Northern pfdll2 southern Pacific... 16 Vi
Green Boy y 2 Southern 1!. it 7*4
Hirlem 300 Preferred 201&
Hocking C0a1...... b'n par Refinery .... 11 :<A«a
Hocking Valley.... 14% Preferred......... IOOV*
Homestake. 341411 en n. Coal <& Iron. 20%
H. <fc Texas Cenu..— Preferred. .. 80
Illinois Central 88 Texas Pacific tiT/ a
lowa Central 7 101.A.A.A N.Micn'.— —
Preferred 25. Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas* Texas. 10 Preferred..:..... 50
Preferred ...:.... 21% Tol.Sr. Louis* K.C. t>
KinesionJt Pern... 3 ■ Preferred ...15
1-aKe Erie t Westn 15i/i Onion Pacine .. . . 6*/ i
Preferred.: ..65 U. P. Den <c Golf.- 13,4
Lake Shore... 144 I. & Cordage 35/g
National Lead..... 2t»% Preferred. 7i^
Preferred Xl% 1 Guaranteed 14
Lout Island 65 I!, S. press 35
Louisville A Nash. i-.BW. V. a. Leather...... 7%
Louisville . N a <fc Oa 2% Preferred. 483^
Preferred .... ti U. 8. Rubber. 16%
Manhattan Consol. 8284 Preferred. 70
Memphis & Char:* 15 I'tlca&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... H Wab. Bs. L. Pu.. 6%
ailchiga-i Central.. «7 Preferred. 1.%
Minn&B.L. — Wells-Fan^ 60
Preferred __ Western Union.... toOVs
Minn A St. L com. 14% Wisconsin Central. 1%
Jst preferred 68 1 Wheeling AL. IS.. 5»/8
20 preferred SS Preferred.. 24
Missouri 1 aetflC . 18% ; Am Cotton OUpfd. 47
Mobile A Ohio 16 W. L. Beef 6%
£ashville Chats. t. 7 % Ann Arbor 7
Rational Linseed.. 14 | Preferred 17%
>. J. Central 100% Brooklyn Traction. 21
£>orth American... 41/4 line lid pill. 17
ck*ism . r.ovrw.
Ala Class A4s 101 Northern Pao Ist*. 11 4
Do Class m, 65.. 101 Do2<ls 105%
Alabama ciuai U 90 ! l>o 3ds. 65
Atcnison« 74^ Do consoles 44
Dolids A . 33 Olmuroveroent Ist 76
CanadaSoutb2ds..loo 1 Do 5s .... 9
ten P»c lsiaof'9s. i>SJ^!t X <fc N Ist*. 107
Cherokee ** 1896.100 I o N-n*ol ba..... 88
£° lg»7 10J Orshort L1ne6a...107
Do 1898... 10J Do cons 5s 60
Do 1899 100 raciflc-isof '97....
££?\?i°£ 10 6m "" 104S /* l lhila<t eading4s. 73%
y,^ l" lr Rcuas 40% Do Ist i fdlncam. bStt
£ t - 8 - 6B ?...........109V4 P. Grande West Ist* e8^ 4
?2.f **• G J " 11:41^ stL&lronMtOenSs 89
i.-, * 8 86 bt L& 8 Gen 6». 102
r 'r.^ » 69 St Paul C0n5015.:. .123
*tU&DenCitylsts 61 st PCA Pa ls:s.. . 116
O fT A - • - 101 So Carolina 4%5... 95
Do2d7s ..ICO Southern Rlt 65... 84
Gen Debbs... 82% Do PacCal 15U..110
HA Tex Cent 65.. 102 Term new 3s 70
DoconOs. 102 Texas Pacific l«s. 79
lowa Central lsts.. 90 Texas Pacific 2ds.. .15%
Kaiisus Pa Consols 61 Union Pac lsta «6.100
*=>*-» j» i a Den UIVIOB l B4s reg of 1. 25.11634
raConsol 4s 90 1 ro4s, coupon. ...115 /*.
Missouri funding... | r F 4s. ree of 1907.106
M T^l ids - 50J,gl Do 4s. coupon.... 1071/4
, ( Do 4 « 80 Eo2s V...... 91
Mobile 4 Ohio 45.. 60% Co ss. 110*4
Mutual Union 85... 107 lots, coupon. 110 1 /*
£ J Cent Gen 5*...l 14 Va funding debt.. 67
£ N i \te-t Louis 45102% Jo registered ..—
£ or&West uen 6s. lift : Do deferred 65.. 6
*« Cm ™ Ull » con 45.. 95 Do trust rcpts st! 4%
•BoSs 110 iWabasn Ist 5s 103 V*
Northwest Consols. 133 West Show 4a».... 102%
Do deb 6s 104 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WITEAT IN LIVKBPOOt-
LIVERPOOL, Exo.. Sept. 10.- The spot market
is steadr. Cargoes firmer at 27s l%d, sellers.
prompt shipment.
FUTCEES.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember. 6s IS/id; October, 5s 2d; November, 5s
2Vid; December, 652% d; January, 69 23 / 4 d.
securities.
LONDON, Eno., Sent. 10 —Consols, 111%; sil
ver, 30% d: French Rentes, 103f 15c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables _ 4 hni^
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Hue silver, ft ounce — 66
Mexican Dollars 51% 62
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTtiEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Cambuskenneth takes for Cork
67,463 ctls, valued a: $65,776: Annanda c, for St.
Vincent, 105,095 ctls, at $106,358; Santa Clara,
for Sydney. 13.566 ctls, a: $13,656; Primrose Hill,
for Sydney, £.5,167 ctls, at $58,373.
The market rules arm with a fair demand. No
I.96@P6y±c f, ctl; choice, 97% c: lower wades,
87J^092V2C; extra choice for milling, «I©l 02Va
CALL BOARD SALES. //.'/ {/f'
2(iTo'c 0 t^ A 9Wsc <SSIOX ~ l(:15 °^^"' DeCember
second - ession— December— l4,ooo ctls. 09>-<,c.
Kk)ulas MdßNiNf; session— Dtrcem ber— 2ooo
Ctls, 995/»c; 10,01)0. ■ 9V4C.
a vrnoroov skssion — December — 6000 cthv
99»,5c; -8.000, 99Vic.
Ba 1 I.X, \ — r>tand»r.i Chevalier Is firm, but Feed
and } rewmg are weak and dull. We quote Feed
6l@63»ic^ HI: cholc* brlsht, Veil; Brewlug.'
72V2@77^|C 9 cU: 1 ifvaher, 90>@$lforNo. 1.
CALL ,-r> . RI) BALES
Informal Session— 9.ls o'clock— No sales.
Becoxd session— December— 2ooo ctls, 66U.C
eot: lab Mobninu Session— December— 2000
Ctls, 66V4C.
AFTKBSooa SESSION — December- 6000 ctls,
66c.
a OATS-New Feed, 75@85c * cU: old milling,
8 < 2 ra92Vijc. fancy feed. »2i/ 2 (g,95c: Rood to choice,
85(&82VijC: common 10 fair, 75<&S0c: Gray, 85
©87y 2 c; Sun)rise, 95c@$l O'iy^ '
CORN— Weak and dull at the decline. Large
Yellow Is quotable at 82U.@85c; Small Round do,
87V2@90c «* ctl: White, 75c.
RYii— 7o@72%c f, CU for old and 62V&@65c for
new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@95c %l cU.
FLOUR ANU MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-Shlpment of 17,150 bbls, valued at
$51,450, to Sydney. Net cash prices are as follows:
Family extras, $3 60@3 70 * bbl; Bakers' extras,
$3 40(a;3 50; superfine $2 75@3.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19@19 50-
Cracked Corn. $19 60@J0 H ton.
MILLSTUFF — Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Urabam Flour, «2 10-
Rye Flour, *2 60; Rico Hour, $6 75: Cornmeal'
92 10; extra cream do. $2 75: 1 atmeal. $2 90- Oat
uroats, $3 60: Hominy, *3 10@3 30;. Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat, $2 76: Fa
rina, 88 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 80; Rolled
Oats. $3 60: Pearl Barley, «3 60; KplUPeas, 83 2j-
Green do, »4 10 * 100 lbs.
hay AND- feedstcffs,
BRAN— $13@13 60 for the best and 812@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-815@16»ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 t* ton for the best.
FEEL-STUFFS— RoIIed Barley, «14 60- Oilcake
HAY— Receipts for the 48 hours exceeded 1800
! tons. Ii la impossible for prices to improve under
! these heavy receipts. Wheat, *7@lO; Wheat and
I Oat. $6@9; Cat. 4657 60: Barley^ *6©7- i iver
! Burley. *4 50@5: ***"**• * 5 60@6 60 Tor second
an<? $4 Bo@s tor first cutting; compressed $6^9 ■
stock, $4fes; Cover, 6@7 60: «eu ♦«><**,
■KTKAW— 3O@3Sc t« bale.
BEANB AND SKI.Di.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at $I®l 15 a
ctl; Small Whites. 86c@*l 10 9 ctl: Pea, t»sc
I (a* 16 * ctl: Larse Whites, 85r<i95c 1* ctl- Pint
i 75® 6c ft ctl; Reds, $I@l 50 > ctlt h lackevc"
• 1 aß®l 60: Red Kloney, *Kai io : Limas?sl-86
to'J 05. Butters, nominal.
. •SEEDS-Brown Mustard, $2 55®2 66- Yellow
BES2K* «1 26 @ 16 9: Flax. $1 So@l 36: Caf,^
He*®p%Vsi? tt>: Alfalfa, nominal; *»Pe.2%?l
»l D 2 VKo^G7e $ en. 100140 * cv for NU - —
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES-Recelpis are too heavy and the mar
ket Is depressed. Sweet Potatoes, 81@1 25; tiarnet
Chiles, 60@65c * c.l: Eany Rose, 2^@3oc- Bnr
salinas!" 11111 * 8 ' 26@30 ° lor R!ve ™ and 60@80c for
6o ( c : V l s; N ck~ lower " 30 ® 36c * c »J Wkles,
VEGETABLES-Evervthlng Is cheap, plentiful
and duIL Marrowfat Squash, $6<a7 * ton ' umn
40c %* box: Tomatoes. 10®20c * bol for Kivew
?54,/, sft 2? C ? bOX tOr B "-- Al^neda Cucumbers
ouc ft ctl fur No. -j; <Jreen t'eiipers 20fmHj«« i
Pe"f, c 2cam r fn h^ c f nd 20<^0c Kr iieWS^S
leas, 2c 1* to for Harden; Mriug Beans, 60©60 c »
sack for common and l%@2c to or T«rden«
Llmas, 60c@Sl y s »ck; Green Okr», 40@50c a
a^^B!%iyg CUB:CMWt '' 26 @30c| 5 s O a° C^
POULTRY AND GAME.
POTXLTRV-Llberal receipts of Eas crn have
depressed the market, as will be seen by the quo
a^o'ver. °7£. ?^?^^ X^ b ° M *>>
old, $4@4 50. fryers, 9jl B0^ or Broil, rs, $'i
forow!' * ZeU J ° r ° UnS aud * i 25 © 1 60
GAME— Nominal. ■ ■
BUTTER, CUKOK AND EGGS.
BCTTKR— Although the trade continues to
quote high Drtces tbe market is quieter and getting
topheayy.as the rapid: advance bus diverted the
dem nl tnpick.ed roll, w.ilch is clng off brisk- v
UIAMKBT - Fancy. --7®27y 3 c, wkh *a c '
nlßber: seconds, 23@26c. - • '
•S£I?TzSS. Bcr^ '-' 3 @ - good to choice, la®
22V 2 c; owergrad s, i-^@l7V.c «* Ib. "*
l'l. KLED- l;@17 to. '"
FIBKIN — 14@1(J C fi to.
CHKKSE-A good mnnyold Ch esc are coming
forward and such, stock is dull Choice mild
new. 9c $ Ib: common to good o d, CVa6tBV?iC v Hi
Cream C.:<iidar. 10@llc: Yoiine Am^rlcaTWloc :
Wi-st^rn,-! 10@llc; T.a«tern. : l@lBc '$ tb.' -V. I
Euos-It 13 seldom: that de«>rs are so widely I
apart in their views is they are at present regard- 1
Ing ranch Eggs, ? tome quote over the top figure |
but most of them quote under it. It depends a
good deal upon the size of the dealer's stock of
•■ astern Eggs. Ore- are quotable at 12(513c '<$
dozen; Eastern, 14 %©1 6 c for fair to choice and
->■ for fancy: store I, sis. 12@14c for ordinary and
15@17%c or pood; ranch "Kk?s, 20^i25c; cold
storagu ranch, 17(<j>1Sc: Duck i'-ggs, 16<$]7 %i doz.
I>ECII>UOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
Bartlett Pears are the firmest thing nt present.
Peaches and Figs are dull and weak. - Plums seem
to be getting rather scarce.
Quinces, 3i@soc V box. : -^ :
Peaches, 25(a60c V, box and 15@25c basket.
Plums. 25@M>c ** I ox: Prunes, 4O@76c.
Poaie^r.nhus. 76cf«$l i» box.
Apples. 76t@$l « box for choice and 40@60c
for common.
Pears, 3u@6oc « box; Bartlelts, @85c * box.
t>gs, °^6(a4oc %4 box for while and 25@50c for
black. '
BERRIES—
strawberries, 5@7 * chest for Longworths and
$I@3 for large berries.
i-asiberr;es. f3@t 50 "$ chest.
Black ber.les, f2@4 $ chest.
Huckleberries are very scarce this rear and are
bnnsciug 10c ft.
GRAPES— Table descriptions are dull at low
piic -s. Wn» Grapes continue qu et. as buyers are
hardly re»dy for them yet Seedless. 40(a>R0c fi
box: Isabellas, $ fi cn>te: Tokays, 35($5Uc
V box ; Blsck Grapes, 25@40c 9 *>ox: -Muscats. '.'&
(oiso<t: waurs and Fontainebleaux, 2. ®40c
ft oox; Grapes in crates bring 6(a.10c more than in
boxes.
2 nf.n.lel Wine Grapes, ?L'o@22 60 @ ion.
•V ELONS— he weatli>r Is 100 cool for these
Roods, which drag in consequence Watermelons,
$'-;'@6 %i 100. Cantaloupes. 25@75c # crate; Nul
nn us, 15@40c 9 box.
CTTKi s FRiiTs—Llm-sar* lower under fresh
arrivals- Oranges. $-@3?>. box for Va en las and
$1 50 i* box for Meduerianean sweets: Lemons,
75c@* 1 60 f» box lor common and >2 60®3 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@5 .0 9 box;
Calliornia Limes. 60(5i75c: Bananas, *l@2i* bunch;
Pineapples, ? 2Q3 50 f! doz.
I>KIED IRUITS, KAISINB, NUTS. ETC.
dried fruits-
No further change worthy of note.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
low
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@Bc 9 Ib for Royals
and i<'(jAlOc ?> Ib for choice to fancy Moorparks;
Prunes. 3c %l lb; Teaches, 3@4c V Ib for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and l>@loc for peeled In
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
nun-dried; Pears, 4 ialc lor prime to choice. 5o
for quartern and 6c tor halves; Plums, 4c for pi
ted and l%@2c for unrated; .Nectarines. S@4c
for choice and ..c for fancy; white Figs, 3c; black
Figs, 2Vi@«:V»c.
JoKRiMi Phizes— New Peaches. 4Vi@s%c f(
Ib: fancy, 7c f» lb; new Apricots, 6<g)<c $ Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, li;@llc: new evaporated
Apples, 6c; san-oried. 3c; 1 runes, 3c for the four
sizes: new Figs, black. '-V2 C or unpiessed »nd
3@3% for pressed: white Ihs, 4c: Plums, 6c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted: new Nectarines, 4
@&c 1« Ib for pr.nie to fancy : Pears, 3%@4%c for
whole. 6c for quarters and Be for halves.
RA SINS—
1 ABL AD PBIC s, T. O. «. FBKS!»b— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown. 3Vi<-'; 2-crown, 2»4c; seedless
Sultanai, 4c; Seedless .Muscatels. 2%c; 3-ciown
London layers, 91 10: clusters, 91 35; Dehesa
clusters, 91 75; Imperial clusters, 92 60; dried
Giapes, 214 c lb.
Jobbing i'ri Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 38/ic^i lb; 2-crown, Scf* Ib: seedless Sul
tanas, 5c %i ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, 91; clusters, $160: Dehesa clus
ters, 92 60: Imperial clusters, 2 60.
NUTS— Quo at ions are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal; new Almonds, 7c ? Hi for Lancuedoc,
Vlb for hardshell and 9(aSloc !b for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@tic %>- It. for Eastern and
4c for California; Hickory Nun, 6@6c * lb;
Perans, 7%@fec; Filberts. 7%@Be; lirazll Nuis,
7%@Bc * Ib; Cocoanuts, S4@s r 100.
11ONEY— tomb, 10@12%c lor br.ght and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@5%c;
light amber extracted, 44%&3 Ac;4 3 Ac; dark amber, 4(ij
4Vic; aark, 2©3 c V, Jb.
BEESWAX— *S@27c lb.
Pi. O VISIONS.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6%c for
heavy, 7%c fi lb for llsjht medium. 9@9%c ?* tb
for light, i'j@llc for extra licni and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured flams, 12;512%c:
California Hams, lo@llc V Ib; Mess Beef, $",&
8: extra mess do, 48; family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $8(S8 50; extra clear, $13 i 1 hbl:
mess. $11 60©12 bol; -mo^ed Beef, 10c ft lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 4 1 / ic '^ to
for compound and 614 c for pure; palls, 6c ~{\ n>;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%0 'or
pure; ha f-bbls, 5%c; 10-tti tins, tiVic: do 5-lb.
6%c ■» Ib. •
COT 1 OLENE-6Vs@6%c In half-bbls and 6%®
7VB *Jb in 10- Ib tins
111OKS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable at 6c ft ft; culls and brands,
6@5%c. %> Ib; medium, 6c * ft: culls and
brands, v "4@4%c ft Ib; light, 4c : culls and
; branas, ->s@3%c; Cowhides, 4@4%c: culls and
brands, 3(dAc; salted Kip, 4c: salted Ca'.f. 6c \\ Ib:
Baited,. Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9£ 9 Vic: culls and
brana«, 7c: dry Kip and . Veal.?<g,Bc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, h@B- : skins. 20®
35c each: Kids, sc:' Deerskins, good summer,
25(g27%c: medium, 15® 2%c: winter. 7@loc;
iShecpßkins, shearings. 10il5c each; short wool,
20@3&ceacn; medium, 40@60ceach: long wools.
6U&60 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
I ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 2%®3c; No. 2,
2i,ic; refined. 4^4@sc: breast), 2c V lb.
WOOL— liumtoidt and Mendoclno, 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon. :O«a|llc f ib; do lower (trades, 8@10c:
Nevada, 6@S-7»C: . San Joaquin and Southern
Coast, clx months, 4@6c; ban Joaquin, foothill,
good to choice, 6%@7%c; San Joaquti, year's
fleece. 4<a jUc; northern free, 7Gs9c; do defective,
6@6%c f* ibT
HOPS— Nominal at '..'©3c ti ft for 1895. Buyers
refuse to touch 1896 goods.
GKNEKAL MEKCHANDISE
BAGS— Calcutta Orain Bags, spot, $4 12V 2 @4 20:
San Quenttn, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24v a @26Vac
COAL— Wellington, $8 1* ton; New Wellington,
$8 > ton: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 « ion;
Seattle, Ib@b 50: Bryan , SS: Coos Hay, $4 50;
Wallsend, f7: Scotch, $7 60; Brymbo. J7 50;
Cumberland, $13 60 f* ton in bulk and $15 In sks:
Ppiinsyivania \ nthracilu Kkb. $11 V ton; Welsh
♦nthracite, $9; Cannel, *7 50; i.ock Springs,
Castle QaM and Pleusant Valley, 97 tiO: Coke,
*1 1tg.12 in bulk and $13 9 ton in ska.
Ll>si;KD OIL— Is lower, as fol.own: Raw, In
bbls, 36c gal: boiled. In bbls, 38c "f, gal: raw. In
cases. 41c «• ga!; boiled. In cases. M gal.
M'uaß- The Western Pugar t'.ennlng Cornnany
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6S/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5% c : i )r ? Oranu
lated, 48/ic; Confectioners' A, 4»ic: .Vasnoin A,
4S/ S c: ExiraC, 4Vic: OoidenC, i\W. half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes i<2 c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers an- a- iollows:
BEKF— First quality. 4Vfe@sc; second do. 4@
AVbe: third do. 3Vbc lb
v KAL— Large, 4tdsc; small, s@6c lb
MUTTON -Wethers, 4y 2 <osc; Ewes, 4@4y s c
LAMH— 6@6c9 tt>.
PORK— Live liogs. 2»ic * lb for large and 2%c
tor small and medium; dressed do, 4y 2 ftssc 14 lb
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 48 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks... 7,120 Eggs, dos 14,490
v\ heat, ctls 7,407 Hides, no 859
Barley, cils 82.944 Pelts, bdls 2 OOJ
Beans, sks 1,7-_>o Wine, gals 16.2.0
Oats, ctls 2.91 Oi Wool, bis 289
Rye, ctls 728! Oregon 8
Potatoes, sks.... 6, 46B! Sugar, bbls 1,961
Onions, s-cs 663 i Lumber, M feeu 20
Bran, sks IQuicksllver.flslts «2
Middlings, sks... J3H| Leather, rolls 38
Hay, tons I,B2o l Lime, bbls 622
Butter, ctls 176 Hops, bis 137
Cheese, ctls.. 328
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
President and Board of Trustees of University
College to Jessie K. U nn, lot on S line ot Maight
street, 137:6 W of Octavia, E 117:t> by 137:6:
$3.
M. and Minnie gpoerl to J. E. Bluer, undivided
Y2 of lot on .\ line of Greenwich street, 62:6 W of
Pierce. W 25 by N 10U: $10.
.-atnr- and J. K. and (a;he Bl zor to Fred Griff,
lot on N line of Greenwich street, 112:6 W of
Pierce, w 26 by N 100; $10.
W . »>. and Mathl de A. Kohde to Jeremiah Ken
ny, lot on line of St. Roses avenue, 100 E of
Boyce s.reet, E 20 by N 125: $10. '
• John Muita to Catherine aura, lot on RE line
of Olivers ree , 175 >W of Third, BW 37:6 by HE
80; also lot on \V line of York street, 104 8 of
1 weuty-third. h 26 by \V 100; gift.
John cent, sv. M. H. and George & 1 rim. and
as trustee for Uraco M , Samuel M. and William
li. *. rim Jr.. o i homas H. Lindsay, lot on -N hue
of I »eni.v-fif:h s'rte., 71;2Ms « O i Valencia, ii
4t >;«y2. - 2o '-- a s- m\V 54; 8160.
Ihumas H. Lindsay to Walter G. Cook, same;
$10. :-.•'.'-■*-•■ •
•John .Nor^rove to Minnie Norgrove. lot on N
Jin- of Point j.obos avenue, 68 W ot Fourth, W
lb by .. 100; a.so lot on N; line of Point Lobos
avenue, 83 W of Fourth, N 11, W 2 inches, .>,
40:6, I: 2 inches, d 6. :6. «l«U
*ranx O. Miner to Mary J. Miller, lot on 8K cor
ner of Tenth avenue and lenient street, E 13-J:6
by S 300; gin. .-.-, .
Crown L-lstilli rie< - Company (incorporated) . to
wl.ilatu ii. uauley. lot on W line of Seventh ave
nue, l.Ssoi i-omi L«.bo», W I'M by a 25; $10.
WiiiurdV. and Marlei Hunungion 10 Joseph
ios.er, 01 on the E line of Tenth avenue, 100 N
of C stieet. N M by If 1.0; »10. '.
■ •.zri.: K. Hum to Ji son W. Hume,' lot on E
line of 1 wentv seveUn avenue, 160 -S of s street,
A 60 by 1-. 120. $10. . .
A. P. and Ik M. Will ams to J. A. Eastman, lot
on i W Uueof Miramax streei;2-.6 S of DeMontfort,
is 35 by W U2:t>, bemg lot 4o aud N 10 of lot 41
inblocK 15, , akevl>-w: «10. ■ .
A. L. and Emi4y seeiey to H. A. ■ Rlcnardson,
lot on 8 line of 1 o well avtnu-, 84 E of .Mission
street, E .5 by b 100. pur. ion 01 Precita Val
ley )o ■ 54 and 355 ; $10. •
tolomo:i and Dora Ge.z to Catherine F. ..dams
io:on .\ \v line 01 Athena sir ft, 25 Nt of Persia
avenue, Mi m by IN W 100, being a part of block
04, Excelsior Homestead: to 10.
.' AIAKKOA COUNTY.
John and Mary A. Mut«« to Kn'iid Baago, lot 2
I n d ■ b. Sunny .oloie, Tract, warranty deed, Oak-
A a. W . bl if r io A m-lia G. Webber, lot 8, Work
l, ur bib 00 den Mate Homestead, Oakland; gitt.
m^" . . T Bl clow and A. a. mltD. trnv.e-s lor
hlno^i- *■ r « I '> i l ° paving, and Loan society,
block 52. bounded by East 1 wen.v-lirs ,treJt
b by East Twentieth. E by Twenty-trst avenue
and W by Twentieth, San Antonio, East Oakland;
$3410.-. > .
Brie C. L. and Ern«st sharland to Frederick
Banim:iiin, lot on N line of Ka^le avenue, 184:6 E
01 Chestnut street, t 50:8 by N 160, ing the W
30:8 feet- of lot 5. block '£, lands adjacent to Encl
nal, /.laiiicilii; $10 .
Henry and Amelia ScUoenan 10 John Seebeck,
lot on N line of Santa tiara avenue, -70 W of
ti«h h street. W 50 by N 150. Alameda: $10.
James Mcl nu;hlin to Sablua A. McLaughlln, lot
on 8 line of Walter avenue, 120« of Orchard
street. X 160 by S 132 50. being lots 20 to 23, bock
F. amend- d map or Moss Trac, Brooklyn To«n-
Ship; K |fu
Wiiilam H. Roth to Lenora M. P. Roth, lot on
line 'f Walter avenue. 166:8 8W of Franklin
street, SW 80 by BK 132 60, beina: lots 19 and 20,
b ock V. same, Brooklyn Township: git.
Manuel and I.tabel J. Foster to Manuel F. Abren,
lot commencing at V street at SW corner of lands
of . Franzen, thence .N 160, W 62. s« 160, 848 to
beginning. In? in Alvarado, Washington Town
ship: $l-J6. . ■ •
Albertine and Carrie L. Odell to Emory A. Odell,
the .v half o; NE quarter, section 17, township 2
6, range 4 B, containing 80 acres, Murray Town
ship; 91.
Jeiemlah F. and Annie A. Darcy to William Van
Der Mell, lot on X line of Hannah street, 126 N of
B, N i.6 by X 133, belug- subdivision B in ot 4,
block 798, Watts Tract map 2, Oakland; $10.
John G<>oby to • ary L. Parsons, lot on E line of
Magnolia street, 160 s of Thirty-fourth, S 60 by E
133:3. being .he s halt of lot 5. block 677, Walts
Tract, map 2, Oakland: $1.
Henry is. an 1 i.ucy A. Miller to John P. Beckett,
lot on N line of 1 hi rtv- tilth street, 70^ W of
Telegraph avenue, W 37:tS by N 120:3, Oakland:
$10.
L 1. V. and Laura Dletrichson to Joseph W.
Keenan, rerecord 693 d. 103. lot on -\ line of
Fortieth street, 40« E of Grove, E 3/ by N 110.
being lot 17, resubdiv slon of Montgomery Tract,
Oakland Town hip: 910.
.Mountain View Cemetary Association to Mrs.
Arvilla Cary, io. 93, in pla. 30, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Tow ship; $102.
Frank O'Brien to Frank J. O'Brien, lot onNB
corner of University avenue and Fifth street, E
47 by N 100, b.ock 86, tract B, Berkeley L. and
T. I. Association, to correct 548 d. 99, Berkeley:
flO.
Frank J. O'Brien to Mamie A. O'Brien, same,
Berkeley; Rift.
H. P. ana Emma E. Moreal to Robert B.
Mitchell, lot on W line of Sherman street. 260 8
of San Antonio avenue, S 75 by W 150, being por
tion of lots 6 ttnd 7. Pays.de Tract, Alameda: $10.
Antonio cuuh to Mm la Avellar, undivided iialf
interest iv lot commencing at a stake on N bank
of San i.eaiiUro Creek, In -he SK corner of the 160
-acre tract of Francisco Peralia, thence NE 30.86
Chains, NW 16.09 chains. SW 32.64 chains. E to a
point 8 to N bauk -of .-an Leandro Creek, thence
alon? N bank of said creek to heal; ning, being
block 46, sun Leandro, Eden Township: $10.
>. J. and I. It. Thomas, Robert a ud Margaret J.
Gordon to Jose I. Fur. ado, lot on 8 line of C street,
133 W of Main, 8K 110, SW 50. NW 110, NE 50
to beginning, Hay wards. Eden Township; 910.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R W Gaylord, Nev City E F Df>id, Buffalo
N Levy, Visalia F B Logan, Stockton
W A Briggs, Sacramento A B Jacobs. Snelllng
J W i;u^s,!ai , S Hosa A T Herrmann. S Jose
F Lowrey & wf. Honoln C M Han ey, V»caville
J T Graney. Marysville G W Gr.ffln. Woodland
W p Miller Jr, s.lby Mrs G Wilson, California
F B Fnrv, California F L Coomus. Nana
J Goldman, Mercd J Mas: c >, Ounsrnulr
Mrs Hollister Courtland Miss B Holllster. Cortlnd
J F Clark & wf, stocktn H X Nonou. Seattle
D D Fagan, Whatcom . Mr Thorn son. Stockton
Mrs Thompson stocktn H J Small, Sac:o
U B shaver, iresno E Grig^s it wf, Stanford
J A Btroud, Sclma c W Hinckelife, La Ang
d P.aldwln, Los Ang Mrs Henderson, Los Ang
Mrg B Anderson, Ohio A V Stev.-nson, El Paso
J Finiayso 1, Alameda R Dliler, Chlco
Mrs C Mer Iks Jr, Paris T Wasserfall. Germany
J Tidbali A wf, Cirafton L I Cassi.y, Grass Val
F F Cass dy, urass Val A Rosemiale, Pac Grove
Dr Trafton, Dixon C L • ulben, Jackson
'1 M Chuich, A mad or G O Duncan, .May Held
B Moore, Riverside C Cronan & f, Vallejo
I. E 11. mt, San Jose J hay. California
S cms-Mv, Petaiuma J J Akin & w. Log Ang
0 X (irosse, Sania Kosa J A Graham, St Helena
W A Seaman, Sta Maria W s Levely, Sta Maria
J L Anderson, S L ObispoC E Riley A w, Woodlnd
RUSS HOUSE.
Mrs J Krusieck & sn, Mrs B M Jones, Healdsbg
'Ridley Mi«s E Kedrolivansk:,
H soellener, Rochester Log i.afjs
i '<; W 11, A;bany Mrs Dr D Leeghrode,
X Lishtner, Rocklln Monrovia
It l:ro«n, cal E W Holmes, Rudler
B So»le, Dos Palos W Talbot & wf, St LouU
J Muore & wf, Sacrmnto J Thompson. Watsonvlle
a McCormlck. Rio Vista \V Jenks. Sacramento
<> Sreeot. Fresno M West, Oakland
M 8 White. Oras» Valley Mis< M Wrilte, Grass Vy
Q Smith, Martinez A Smith, Martinez
11 O Mas n, Ban Jose G W Mentatte, Sn Rafael
J L Gieesun, Sn Andreas Mrs Carter, Oakland
E G Gregory & wf, Nev S V Glaze, Williams
Mrs M C BlKgers, Ind G V Jones, 1a
J Q Buxtcn, Ariz J R Baxter & wf, lowa
E Lunzen, Nev G W O'Neal. Winnmucca
M Is Dt uglas. Reno N Wine. Santa Barbara
G E Peoples, Newman Miss N Soule, Hollister
Mis* A Duncan, Holllstr R W Recall, Si-ison
W B BucKner&sn Hanfd Mrs L \\ h.te, Napa
H H McConnl. e.Clovrdle C X Apgar, Nebr
B .Nichols, Gua.emala W H Smith, Guatemala
C C Hakes, San Diego J C pangler, Nev City
Miss X Bpangler, NevCy H L Packard, Bakerslield
J T Packard, Bakersfleld E B P erce. Fresno
D O Jatk son .Fresno E Keed. Humboldt
Miss Potter, Eureka 0 H Tolbert, Washington
Mrs F Tagart, Reno J Kruseek, Grldley
LICK HOUSE.
Miss M Matthews, Cal H N Tracey. Placervllle
H S Crouch <fe w, Sacto N Granz <fe w. Cal
T B Bond, Lakeuort H D C Baruhnrdt. Cal
C A starke. Santa Barb T W Porker. Salinas
F P Hopps, £<a Inas J Hunter & w, San Raf
J i Erickson, Humboldt Mrs Ratmusen. San Jose
J) B Kntcht, Maivsville s F Black, Sac O
H H Hobwn, Philadel PGodchaux. San Andreas
A W Holt brook. MarysvS M Allen, Cal
J J Gainer, Tulare X s soule, San Mateo
H B Wagoner. Llvermor A M Simpson, Cal
C H Merchant, Oregon C H Merchant, Snla Rosa
G W B Boucher. Key S C Crowell, Merced
X O SUckney. Merced Mrs TCt Hart. Fresno
W L Spencer Aw, Cal W M Richard*. Inyo
Mrs J Ruddle, PacCJrv Mrs L Hamilton, Pac Or
G B Money p-nny, ( hio E W Drury, Seattle
E L Rehan, w <fc eh, Cal F J Brownlee, Napa
E W Adams <fe w, N V
NEW WESTERS HOTEL.
J S Reynolds. Denver E J Daw S on.BanAndreas
Miss Donovan, Scraulon W Simpson, Seattle
Miss Kennev, Scranton J McDonald, Acajutla
H Hartley, England JE Field, Cal
F Mclnern^y, Japan J P Mylar. Indiana
C Weckstrom. Ray da L Forsburg, Greenwood
D Ne^counl Yuba F F Clyma. Yuba
J Newcount, Putter C Gibson, Petaiuma
J (i Taylor. Seattle t- P Brady, Oakland
G B Dunn, Oakland E Best, 5 V
B R!r». Tncoma S Forssell. Tacoma
C Mlddlenilts, Cal W Scott, Pl»cervill«
W Ryan, Cal J Milton, Texas
• PALACE HOTKL.
W Gray, St Louis M Alexander, N T
A W Schubert, Palo Alto C Martin, N V
J F Dennis, it eno W D Kimball, Boston
Mrs C S Kendall. Boston J Fowler. St Louis
C E White, San: a Cruz Mrs Fowler, St Louis
•• R Samuel, Montreal A Zikel, Berlin
Miss M \V Parsons. N V M Ooutharel, Lyons
Mi-s J s Young, NY B Baruch, St Louis
MrsSwltzeri lad, S Jose J. -coburough. Os Ang
0 1> Lane. Angels Camp J Muir. Los Angeles
J B Lawrence & wf. N V Mis* M N Lawrence, N T
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F A Lyon. Sacto F l Hinckley, Fillmore
C M Hatcher, San Jose R Armstrong. Napa
A W t olliner, Nupa Mrs M R I^ewis, San Jose
J Meyersteln. Salt Lake J C Jewett, Los Anseles
Mrs E J Hjrd-n. Los AngE Wiizinske, >onora
Miss Hydcn. Los Ang A Button, Salt Lake
J Jacobus. St Lotus W Evans, U s X
Mrs A Henry. Davisvllle Mrs B Rogers, Seattle
J P Burns, Boston J Madison, Fresno
W A Chapman, Colusa
Art of Writing a Telegram.
"Epigrammatic sentences are interest
ing, but there is sucii a thing as being too
strongly epigrammatic," said R. F.Bar
nett of Louisville at the Shoreham. "I was
going into Louisville from Memphis. On
the train was a white-haired old lady,
with whom chance drew me into conver
sation. We became quite friendly, and
she told me she was going to visit
her son, whom she had not seen
for two or three years. He had
written a few week, before, asking
her to visit him at Loui-viile, nam
ing a certain hotel. She arranged her af
fairs as quickly as possible and went. At
the depot she was ereatly disappointed
not to meet her son, and I accompanied
her to the hotel, it beincr the one I wa- in
the habit of patronizing. I took her
to the parlor and volunteered to
find her son. The clerk had not
seen him, but gave me a let
ter for the lady. As soon as she read trie
fisst line she tainted, and I hurriedly sent
lor ■ physician, pickin up iha letter. The
first paragraph was: "My Dear Mother: I
am now in the penitentiary," I was
shocked, but read further. The next para
prat'li said : "I have a good position wi; h
the contractors and it is impossible to get
away. Come on to Frankfort. I liave
already rented a house for us to live in."
It tooic us three hour." to bring the mother
to consciousness. — Washington Star.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
i<EPTKIISER, 1890
su. Mo.
6 7
13 14
20 21
27 "_'B
Tu.
W. Th. Fr.
2-3 *'
No. Moon's Jf'hasf.s
5 flu New Moon.
«y Sept. .7. . I
1
1
1
8
9 10 11 12 \/-^ Firs Quartei
15
16 17 18 19 La Full Moon.
— - j ! vi> Sept. 21.
23 I2 * 25 2d rr M-.tQaaner.
— I v *y sept, aa
30 I I
22
29
..YUKOG..A. H.C Bt"i>L,liAjN.
Branch Hvdbooraphic Cffick, U. 8. N., ">
Merchants' tXCHASnE ■ . V
San KbaNilsco, September 10. 1896. )
The time ball on ; lele^raob Hill . vrai droipel
exac: vat noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the l'.'Oth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. h., (Greenwich Ume.
* A. P. Fechtklkb.
< Lieutenant U. S. N. In charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Datea of Departurn From Sun Francisco
STKAKER JDKSTIXATIOX. ! SAILS. | PI KB.
Ara«0.~. .v..: Coos Boy [ I.loa v j tier
Uniati:ia.. .. V.c A Pgt Snd septxl, 9am Pler9
Coos bay Newport . tSep.l2. 'jam Pier II
Corona Kan D'.e-o. ... Sf>utl4.ll*ji Pierll
P0m0na..... Uumboldtßay .-septl4, Vru Pier'
Weeott..... KM Kiver .-eptl*. spm PierlJ
Columbia... Portland ...... Septl6,loAM PlerJl
Fivratlon.... | Yaqulna Bay. j>ept 16, -9am ricr 3
Eureka...... .Newport isppiiG. Cam I'WU
City Puebla Vie A Snd: Sept 16, 9am Pier 9
Truckee.... coos Bay iSep. 16, Iph Pier 8
Alameda.... 5ydney.. ...... Seutl7. 2pm Pier 7
tsnnol (.rays Harbor. ;5em17. 12 m i Pier '£
Newport... Panama ... £epil&l2 ii ' 1' MS 8
hanta Rosa. San Diego . ISeptlH 11am Pier LI
Empire... . i Oreaon ports . 'Sep-. ! 8. 6p« I Pier 11
State 01 j Portland ' Septet*. 10am i Pier -l\
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
stkaukb I ' From
I DDK
Corona. San Diego. sept 12
Del None '»ray« Harbor Sept 19
City Puebla Victoria Puget Sound ..Sept 12
Columbia Portland >ept 1 -
Weeott ...:..... Kel River Sept IS
Farallon ....... Yaquinu Bar Sept 13
Pomona Hum bold:. Bay ..Hepi. 18
Su::oi i Grays Harbor Sept, 14
Crescent City... CrescentClty *-ept 14
Eureka.. : Newport. Sept 14
Empirb ; Portland Kept '5
Willamette i Departure Bay Sept li
Santa Kosa Sau Die.'O - .->ei>i 16
North For* iHumbuldt Bay i Sept 16
Australia.. Honolulu :... . sept 16
S;ateofCal .... Portland Kept 17
Waihi Walla... Vlciorla « Puget Sound ..Sept 17
Orizaba Mexico ..Sept 17
Coos Kay Newport.... >ept 18
City Sydney.... Panama Sept 18
Arcata Portland ■■ ..Sept 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. R. Coast and Gkodktic Subvicy Tidb 1 )
BUI.LKTIJJ' PrBtISHKD BY OFFICIAL V
ACTHOBITY OFTUI SDPKBIXTKaBKST. )
Frld»v, September 11
Son rises 5.491 Moon rises
Sunsets ri.23JMoon sets 8.34 m
September— lß96.
jjl Tlm » Feet HUll Feet IlZ!£ Fee: llUll Fe«t
V H \V I L W h w I L W
Hi .35 515 TFT
12 3.54 4.6 835
13 5.26 4.1' 9.'->6
14 657 4.3 10.36
I- W H W
15 0.28 0.0 8.08
18 1.36 o.o| 9.02
17 -J.;s-J 00 1 9.44
2.- a.Ol
3.7 2. 40
3.4 8.40
3.7 4.48 .
L W
4.4 12.(17
4.7 1.53
5.11 ..49
6.9 1 8 t>i O3
5.9:10.01 0/2
6.8 ' 11.14 U.I
5.6 :.
H W
3.8 6.07 5.5
3.6 7..'4 5.6
3.4 5.30 5 7
Not*— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
or.ier of occurrence a-s to time. The second time
column the. second tide ot the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe day, except
when there are bnt three tides, aa sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractire
from the denth elven by the chana-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. September 10.
Srtnr Olpsr. Leland 13 hours from Monterey
etc: produce! to Goodall. Perkins A <'o.
Stmr Araeo. Reed, 56 hours from Coos Bay. via
PottOrford3ti hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg and way ports; pass and mdse. to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 25 days from Hong
konc, via Yokohama 15 days; pass and mdse, to
P M SSCO.
Stmr Bonlta, Conway, HO hours from San Dle?o,
and way i.orts: produce, to Goodall, Perkins* Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, 74 hours from New
port; pa«s and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 24 hours from
Eureka, bound for southern ports. Put In to land
pass"- gers.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 32 hours from
Enreka: 290 cor la itavebolts, to I R Hanify.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. 9 days from Departure
Bay ; 2430 tons coal, to R D Chandler.
Brship Wa vert ree, Tnomas. 69 days from New
castle, NSW : 3 .21 tons coal, to J J Moore <fe Co.
Ital bark Emilie CTimpa. Maresta, 162 days frm
Antwerp: in lse. to W R Grace A Co.
Bk n Archer, Calhoun, 2- days from Honolulu:
sugar, to Welch A Co.
Schr Kate and Anna. Morean, from Otter hun>
lne: ballast, to Chas Lutjens.
Schr James A Garfield, Palmgren, 6 days from
Qrars Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Scbr Peerless, Johnson, llVa days fm Tacoma:
■ umber to Hanson A Co.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 8 days from Port Blake
ley: .-iril) M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes A Co.
Schr Eliza Miller, Cbrlsilansen, -'4 days from
Nuah.igak; 1741 bbls- salmon, to C £ Whitney <& I
Co.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 20 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer A Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, September 10.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send ; Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
stmr Pomona, Doran, Enreka; Goodau, Perkins
& Co.
Br ship Sprlngburn, Rae, Hull; Glrvln A Eyre.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule, Honolulu; Welch <fc
Co.
Brig Lurline, Denny, Kahu'.ul: Haw Commercial
and Sugar Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, September 10.
Btmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen. Nanaimo.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Truckee. Thomas, coos Bay.
Stmr National Cltv. Andresen, southern ports,
strur Alcatraz. Walvlg.
U ■-> mr A.er:. 1 1 an ford, Port Angeles.
Btmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whites Johnson.
Br ship Carubuskenneth, Kendall, Qneenstown.
Brie Lurline, Denny Kahulnl.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen.
'1 el<> graphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 10—10 f. *.— Weather
foggy: wind W; velocity 8 miles. --. f ■
Charters.
The schr Wm Bowden loads lumber at Port
Blakeley for Melbourne or Adelaide, 40s.
The Br ship Falls of Afton is chartered for wheat
to Europe, a 7« 6d. or Sydney, 18s 3d; Brship
Harland, wheat at Portland for Europe, 31s 3d.
Spoken.
Per Br snip Andro*a-Sept 7— Lat 87 20 N. long
125 W. ship Alexander Gibson, from Port Blake
lev, for Hull. All well.
Aug 4- Lat 6 33 N, long 143 S3 W. Br ship
Yarkan.l. from Port Blakeley, for Calcutta.
Sept 6-Lat S8 49 N. lon* 131 f«3 W, Br ship
Corollo, from Vancouver for Adelaide.
Per South Coast— Sept 10— About 10 miles NW
of Point Reyes spoke bark Oregon, from Nanaimo
for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
EVERETT— SaiIed Sept 10— Schr CH Merchant
for san Francisco.
FORT BOSS— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Etta B,hce
sept 8.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 10-Stmr Columbia, for
San Fr-uicisco. •
UMPQUA— SaiIed Sept Schr Lily, for San
Francisco.
ALB'oN— Sailed Sept 10— 3tmr Scotia, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stm Alice Blanch
ard, from Albion.
balled Sep:, 10-Stmr Alice chard, for Port
land. -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Mlneoia. from Comox.
ROCK PORT- Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Caspar,
hence Soot 9.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Sept 10— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
FALMOUTH— sailed Sept 9-Br ship Ellesmere
for Hull.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed sept 6— Br stmr Doric, for
San tranciwo: yawl Nadjeska, for San Francisco.
GT'AVMAB— Sa.Ied Aug 22— Gershlp Barmbek,
for Tacuma.
BI'ENuS AYRES— Arrived Sept 3— Br bark
Lodure. from Port Blakeley.
TALTA L— Sailed Sept 3— Br ship Glenesslin, for
Sau Francisco.
MnLiiE .DO-Salled SeDt 2— Br ship Cocker
mouth, for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NKW YORK — Arrived sept 10 -Si -a Patria,
from Hamburs; stmr Britannic, from Llverpoo .
Sailed Sept 10 — tinr Aususta Victoria, for
Harnr.'rr: strnr Werkendam, for Rotterdam
BREM-ERHAVEN-Arnved out Sept 10— Stmr
Latin.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out Sept 10— Stmr Nor
maunla.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Sept 10-^tmr Persia.
oiCNOA- Sailed Sept 10— Stmr l'ulda, f or New
York.
AiI STERDAM-Sailed Sept 10-Stmr P Calland
for New Yor*.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Jianitoba, for
New York.
Imiiorta ions.
GOLF.TA— Per Bonlta— 6o tons asphaitum.
lx>mpoc— B pkss mdse, 34 cs honey. 10 bis sea
weed, 1 bd! bides. X bx raisins. 1 ox salmon. 3 k?s
bu.ter, 468 sks dry eanh, 1039 sks mustard, 978
sks barley, 206 ho,-s.
San Luis O.ilspo - 1171 sks barley, l23 sks wheat,
Maria— 637 sks oats, 188 sks wheat.
1.0 ; o ivm— ls7o sks wheat.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Hay — 'J. 6 sks peanuts. 1
bx books.
h ast s»n Pedro— 2 bxs oranges.
Hueneme— l sk beets, 2 bxs seed.
Los Angeles— lo bis oranges.
Ventura— 7o bxs lemons." IB sks dried apricots.
3f>6 sks beans
< Santa Barnara— l cs runs. 9 bbls mineral water
209 bxs lemons. 6 bx fish, 6 s*s crawfish. '
: GavlotA-4 ska wool, 45 sks crawfish, 2 bxs fish
Port Harford— 37 Ddis hid«s\and pelts. 1 bbl tal
low, 6 bxa uutter. 3 cs eggs. 1 bx junk. 1 bx glass
war 1 bdl blankets, 25 bxs fish. -.
Cayuco i— inse sks barley. 200 sks wheat, 1 bx
seed. 11 dressed calves. - csesrgs, 2 pkgs mdse. • i
tub 1 bx buuer, 2 coops chickens.
San Simeon- 3 bxs butter, 1 coop chickens, 2 cs
esKS. ■ . • • ■• •',-.' ;
HONGKONG, ETC-Per City Peking -35 pkzs
anilnionv. 4 pkgs Lunnies. 831 pk^s mntt ok -4'i
pkgs silk soods 42 parcels, 142 p<es coffee. 2520
pugs sugar, 43 pkga bulbs, 130 pus* spice, 2547
pkgs sulphur. 460 pkes curios, 355 pkgs oil, 61fl<
pkgs tea. 82«9 pkgs ric.\ 3545 -kits rndse. °* .
Overland— l 4 6 J'kgs mating, 23 pkgs silt
cooas, 23 parcels, 108 pkgs bulbs. 15-* pkescurio^
93 pkg.< raw sill;, 11.6J»."> pkts tea. 444 pk«s nvis? V
For Central and fsouih America-10 pkgs ma ,' "
ting, 32 pkgs silk goods, 21 pkgs curios, 4a l gi
mrtse.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— s3 bxs 2
firkins butter. 8 Mis hides, 3 cs eggs. 2 dressed
hog«, 6 pkps mdse, Ibx chickens. . "*
PORT ORFORD— Per Ara^o— 22 bxs 2 bbls 48
kezs butter, -i silt hides, 8J sheep 49 cauie. 1 »S
col . 1 pki? express. .
Coos Bay— tubs 2 bxs butter, 22 cs cheese 1
bx i;ia.*sware, 1 pKg ( nstlnsss. 66 M ft lumber a sin
coin. 10 pkgs nulse. 850 ions coal. s
MONTEREY— Per Glpsv— 37 empty barrels 2
cscbeese, 2 cs drugs, 4b bxs apples. 14 btj near.
Ibx salt fish. V *•
Moss Landing— l cs eggs, Va bx butter.
Watsonville-1141 sks oats, 147 Boats.
Moro Cojo— l44B *ks potatoes.
Santa Cruz— 2l pk<s household goods. 22 em«.
barrels. 3cs cheese, 1 bx butter. 1 coop pigeon. 1
bx fish. 1000 bbl3 wine. 8l l
Ciinsigneea.
Per Gipsy— Gundlach & Rundscher; H Dinar*
Standard Oil Co: Langley A Michaels: Siewan*
Cor W F Mitchell; Eveleth <fc Nash : F F Sautor
A Galli Fruit Co: Cai Ho. tint; Co: Herman JooJ?'.
Norton, Teller A Co : Murray Stelnhagen; aw
Loonep; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Wolf & Son ■ j i
Kessinj;: H Cow 11 & Co: A W F-n'< 4 Co: i \,'
CJraih; Dodge. Sweeney A to; Thomas Louzhran-
Henderson & Brown. *
Per Arago— Hulme A Hart: Wells, Fargo A Co •
Dodge, Sweeney & Co; H timer. Breuhofl& >chul7 :
Bros & Co: S H Frank & Co: j Bcnoenfeld*
Marshal. <fc Helmers: Marshall, Tee:ttart A Co- p x
Buell & Co; De Bernard! A Co; uC A N Co;' OS
I Brewery: Thomas Loughran; Enterprise Brevi>rv-
Wlelan.l BrewiovUo. ™'
Pet Point Arena Wilson A Baechtel* ■ berts *
Tut: Dairymen's Union; Martin. Feusier&Co- \v
Slack: A Gerdau; Ross & Hewlett- r'JI
Sanders & Co. '.- : ' nuB8 >
Per Coos Bay— mer, BredhoffA Schulz- J m
Levy A Co; Marshall, Teggart * Co: Hills Brov s
Strauss: W c Price A Co: E J Bowen A Co- \v v
Adams Co: Field & Stone: c X Whitney &co
Gray <t Barbieri;' Bros A Co; H Dutard- G H
T Jackson; L Scatena & Co: Wood. Curtis <fe Co- £
F Allen A Co: Garcia* Ma«<lni ; Urn duff <& Co-
Levi Spiegel &Co; American Union Fish Co Sun
set T A T Co: J Ivancovicii & Co: L D Stone A Co;
Brlgham. Hoppe A Co : Wheaton, Brton &Co• FT
Allen * Co. D IHrschler; Milanl ACo Enterprise
Brewer v. A Paladinl: Wltzel & 1 aker; as"' »lin
V\ ater Co. De Bernard! Co: Slnsheimerßros; F
Url* Co; J Hoffman: FBHa.-i,.: Pac he Coast
HshCo;Daltonßros; Cox Seed and Plant Co- A
Ingu/lia; H F en & Co: J uiliaehy : Roih A
Co; Dunham. Carrlean &Co; Pavot, Dpham & Co
Per koml a-Standard Oil Cd ; X B Stevens A Co!
South ban Francisco Packing and Provision Co
>inshelmer Bros; Dodge. Sweeney & Co- R A Kit
shaw; Wiel-nd Brewing Co;. H Dntard; Buffalo
Brewery ;A Pallles; S Levy i Co; Bray Sons A
CO; R A £f>rsnaw. '-.-. , .
Per City of Peking— A Schilling & Co; Asahi <t
Co; Anglo-California Bank; A A dels orff- B«rk»r
Bros: Bank of Bri.isli North America: U*Tooher-
California and Japan Trad 1 11 « Co ; ■,-. rieliows- r H
Forester: F Gonzalez; <i Abriiam-on- Honglcon«
and shanghai Bank; H U iw.er A Co: London
Paris and American Bank; Haas. Baruch iC to- II
I Levy <t Co: John Leechman; Lievre, Frlcke & Co-
J H Boden <fc Co: J A Fo : e.r: McCarthy Bros; &t
J Brands nstein <fc Co: London and Sau Francisco
Bank: Macondry Bros A l.oi-kar.l : Nippon <& Co-
Marshal), Burns «ft Co; .Matioon <t Dan ladti- KB
Bain: ParrottdkCo; Macounrv & Co; Swavne &
Hoyt: S Mayers: S Takaham 1; Wells, Fargo A Co-
The Fuji Co: WA J Sloane A Co: Wm duff A Co'
Wm Rot 11 order: Southern Pacific Co: P M S 8
to; various C in"-c merchants.
WMTED-Overdue Accounts
•- FOR COLLECTION.
CITY ■ COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 San some St. (Tel. Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post free;
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3POR.TH.AKT ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
I 1 A ■RT?r»I2 First-clasa 1 Including
-\ J.tJJ\Si<> Second-class berth <fc meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California.... 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tion to *
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
„„ 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO., Superintendents
PACIFIC COAST STEAISHIP COfIPAIf
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FKOat -<W
broad way wharf. Sao Francisco, m4MBB
follows: • I
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Jnnean, Kll-
lls-ioo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W.i atcom (Beilineham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. k.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16, SO., '26, and every flftb day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boidt Bar) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. '-'2, '26, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East Ban
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. v.
Sept. 4. 8, 19, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
felos, Redontlo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. Sept. 2. t>, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter. ■ ■ . .
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Fax and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treeu ■
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisca
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
! HAWAII. SAMOA, PL*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, II .y
AUSTRALIA. VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. ALAMKD.I sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 a. if. Special party rates.
. Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agent*
«- . v «_ 114 Montgomery street
Freight Office. 327 Market st- San Francisco.
CO3IPAGSIE GESERAL TRMSATLIMI(|UB
French Lin» to HavT3.
COMPANY'SPIER (NE\V),42 NORTH A*m
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* br &**£!&,
this line avoid both transit oy English railway i.i (
the discomfort of crossing the channel in annul
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egyp^ Via Part*
tirst-ciass $1«JO: second-ciaM, 911&
LA TOURAINE. Sept. 19, V a. K.
LAUASCOUME ...........Sept. J6. 3 a. M.
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3.7 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE... ....Oct. 10.3 a St.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 17. 6 a. M.
J9ST" For further particulars apply to
A. FOROKT. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco. ,
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Llv-rpool,
!iAll,i>t. KVKtC* WKKS.
ANDUPWARI), ACCORD- --■
\J ins: to steamer and accommodations KBtfiß
selcc.e.l; soconrl c.ibin, $ lUtndM. 0: Maj. >.:o
an 1 Teutonic. Kteerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to Sa 1 Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
' ssiiline dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th«
' General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
i undftr Urand Hotel. <.. W. 1 i.KT< HRR.
Oener»' ***•»' "°" V ' '' " '
\ ROYAL MAIL STEAM PAi .COHPASI.
STF.AMKKS LEAVE ASI'INWALL • >**•
fortnightly ' for the West Indies and •i£Sm
I Southampton, callln? en route at C'-rboursii,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
. Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacitlc Mall S. S. Co., issued for frpight and treas-
j are to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. Firs', class, $195; third
class, $97 5U For further particulars apply to
PAKROTT & CO., Agents.
m^ •■»■" ' ■' Mr:;n
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington <?f
At « r. *, tiauy. t *Wi^S! ■V^?2i
. JO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
&£gj^ m ~ lm » Uu »*** ™ c * on P Vallo,
STEAMillis;
T. C. Walker. j. b. A *-_ a
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton
'Xeiephow Ma,q 805. Cm. Nay. and l.na-. C»
u.s mare isl m, vallejo.
: 4 i and BP.H.tr.8 P.H.tr.p 0,,y. HATCH BRO,.
■** Excursion trip. vi Ye 5 hours at Navy-yard.
§£ Los GATOS * SASTA m iInteresting News Items From Alameda County.
VALUES CANNOT
BE LEGISLATED
J. J. Valentine Talks of
Finance Before the
Ebell Society.
HISTORY OF CURRENCY.
From the Time cf a Shell Ex
change Until Gold Became
the Standard.
NATUKE ALONE CAN GOVEEN.
Governments and Conventions Cannot
Control the Commercial Value of
Either of the Meta's.
Oaxlahd Omci Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 10. f
J. J.Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo
& Co., addressed tbe Ebell Society this
evening on "Silver." The Ebell Society
is composed of ladies who meet regularly
rOHN J. VALENTINE, Who Declares That Governments and
Conventions Cannot Create Values,
for intellectual discussion and is the lead
ing ladies' club in Oakland.
The speaker opened his address by quot
ing from Hood's apostrophe to "Gold."
"Of all things in the world money,
■which can least bear tampering with on
anything but scientific treatment," said
Mr. Valentine, "is being made in this
country the bone of noisy contention, in
otigated by the influence of mining inter
ests, which ardently desire to raise the
price of silver, and the adherents of a
Boft-nioney heresy, who hope to create
abundant money out of metal of some
kind if they cannot have inconvertible
paper. The natural law of money is, in
general, the law of civilization—begin
ning, it may De, with the barter of a
horse for a cow or a goat for a dog. Then
came pebbles, then iron, tben copper and
brass, then silver, and filially gold and
obligations expressed in paper, showing
throughout tha law of displacement of
the inferior by the superior."
After reviewing the historical evolution
of money the speaker proceeded:
"If the coinage of a country consists
only of a single metal, as in the early
coinage of England, and chipped, de
graded and debased coins be allowed to
pass current with good coin all the good
coin will disappear from circulation. It is
either hoarded, melted down or exported.
All laws are ineffectual to prevent this;
the chipped, degraded and debasedjeoin
will alone remain current.
"If coins of two kinds of metals, such
as gold and silver, are allowed to pass cur
rent together in unlimited quantities and
if a legal ratio is attempted to be enforced
between them which differs from their rel
ative value in the markets of the world
the coin which is underrated disappears
from circulation. It is either hoarded,
melted down oreiDorted, and that whicnis
overrated alone remains current. The law
holds good also in regard to bank note
circulation.
"This law is not confined to single and
separate countries; it is not limited in
time or space — it is absolutely univer
sal. The Oresme-Gresham law was ex
pounded to the Government of Great
]3ritain by Locke, Newton and other
eminent men of the times; but a knowl
edge of its workines did not reveal to
them a remedy for continually existing
and recurring evils of coinage. A solution
was found by Sir William .Petty in 1691—
to make one metal the standard money
and the other subsidiary to it; that so
much subsidiary coin an could be Kept in
free circulation, redeemable on or ex
changeable with the standard metal coins,
was not only the best, but the only
method practicable for using both;
that there could, of course, be no
Buch thing as a double standard, and the
greatest stability of monty was to be at
tained by using one metal as a standard.
This theory was eluborated iarer by
Adam Smith. It was the unbroken expe
rience of centuries when Locke took tip
the question in England, as it has been
the experience ever since, that immedi
ately aide by side with the legal ratio
there is a market ratio, and there is no
discernible tendency for the former to
govern the Jatter.
"The laws that finally govern finance
are not made in conventions or congresses.
The foundation of the international bi
metallic theory — a purely emperical prop
osition — is thus erroneous from the begin
ning.
"It is not claimed by any prominent ad
vocates of bimetallism that the unre
plricted coinage of silver by any one gov
ernment, even maintaining a gold stand
ard, couid be otherwise than disastrous.
On the contrary, they declare in print
that it would be calamitous and that they
do not desire to debase the standard of
value; that they would have every debt
paid in gold or its equivalent. And this
is the attitude of bimetallists generally in
Great Britain and Continental Europe,
to all of which I remark: When tbe two
metals have unlimited free coinage at
fixed ratios and are lesai tender the
cheaper will under all possible circum
stances drive the dearer out of circulation.
"There can be no such thing as a double
standard. We must have either gold or
silver alone as our standard. Government
cannot create values. Ttie current value
of moneys is determined independently
of the decrees of kings, legislative enact
ment, or Government fiat.
"In the matter of values commercial
convenience rule*. These things are not
determined by kinus, governments, con
gresses, or conventions, but by tbe silent
and unseen but invincible forces of uni
versal self-interest. All reasoning which
assumes that in the exchange of moneys
any principle can be substituted for that
of individual seif-i:iterest must be futile
and delusive.
''Money is not a question of politics or
sentiment, but of science and etaics and of
superlative importance. To deal with it
on any other basis is erroneous. Money
is constantly rebellious to the mandates
of Government. It comes without being
called and eoes without beinjr arrested —
is deaf to advances ana insensible to
threats."
AN AGED MOTHER.
With>n Invalid Daughter She Is EJ«ctml
I mm the House of
Her Son.
OAKLAND, Cal., Srpt, 10.— The aeed
mother and invalid sister of Wickliffe
Matthews were ejected from the premises
I 813 Madison street to-day by Deputy Sher-
I iff AI W'bite. The place was formerly
I Matthews', but it now stands in the name
jof Mrs. Rose Matthews, his wife. The
I ejected women, however, say that it is still
i his, and that her name is used only for the
' purpose of the suit.
BIG SURPRISE IN STORE
Alameda Electric-Light Plant
Will Lower the Tax
Levy.
It Will Produce an Income to the
City and There Will Be No Ex
pense for Street Lights.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 10.— The t*3
levy of this city will probably be made ai
the first meeting of the Board of Trustee!
j in October, but the members are alreaaj
j figuring on the proposition, and they hav<
I a surprise in store for the tax-payer tha'
will be pleasing, without doubt.
Last year the tax rate was $1 24 on eacr
$100 valuation. This year the members o
the board expect to come within a dollai
i limit. Many of the estimates of the vari
i ous departments are already in, and tin
I rest have made an approximation thai
i will do to make an estimate with, and it i<
found that, with the $12,000 that the elec
tiic plant is expected to brim: into the citj
treasury, the city can get along very nicely
) on a dollar levy.
This will be the first experience th<
municipality has had in municipal own
ership reducing taxes, and it is expected
that the lesson will be so pleasant as to
make many of the property-owners wish
j that many more of the city's needs could
j be supplied from municipal plants.
The Uomemen'a Meet.
ALA la EDA, Cal., Sept. 10.— Entries
are bein« made daily for the races which
will be held on Saturday, September 26,
and the indications are good for a suc
cessful i eet.
Dave Martin, who drives one of the fast
est horses in town and takes a preat inter
est in sportine event*, said to»day: "We
have a fine tract and everything in first
class order on it. Ws have already enough
material entered to make it one of the
best meets ever held on this side of the
bay. The track is simply superb."
An Evening of Song.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. 10.— The King s
Daughters of the First Congregational
Church were greeted with a lar^e auuience
to-nijiht on their presentation of an
"Evening of Old Song." The programme
as published in yesterday's Call was car
ried out much to the gratification of the
audience.
Electric- Car Accldenti.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 10.— Cor 3 of
the Alameda electric line broke down on
San Jose avenue and Paru street to-night
at 8 o'clock. Passengers were delayed for
fifteen minutes, after which the disabled
car was run into the power-house.
At 9 o'clock another car of the same
line broke an axle on High street. No one
was hurt, but traffic was interrupted tor
some time.
Badly Injured.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Sept. 10.— Will Thome,
a high-school boy residing nt 575 Hobart
street, attempted to make a dive from the
second gallery at the Piedmont baths yes
terday afternoon, and in dome so struck
the bottom with such force as to injure
himself severely. He came up and out of
the tank, but soon complained of pains in
the head. A pbj'sician was summoned,
and later he was taken home. To-day he
was resting easily, and as he is young and
strong the physician believes he may over
come the symptoms of concussion of the
brain, yet he is not out of danger.
THIS SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 18y<5.
CHARLES JOHNSON (Halstrom), Who Refuses to Explain to His
Brother the Disappearance of His Little Son.
CO-EDS ARE CENSURED.
Berkeley Young Women Lec
tured for Participating in
a Rush.
Rev. Dr. Payne, P.istor of the Uni
tarian Society, Presents His
Resignation.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10.— The co-eds
at the State University were chastised by
the faculty to day for participating in the
"rush" of last Monday. President Kellogg
called them together at the noon hour
and, in company with Professors String
ham and Soule, administered a consider
i able amount of sound advice to thi young
women, cautioning them against the
repetition of such unladylike conduct 83
some of them had been guilty of. The
president expressed the displeasure of tbe
faculty at the co-eds taking part in the
rough contests of the men students, de
claring that he had been deeply grieved to
hear of it.
Professor Soule, who saw Monday's
rush, expressed the opinion that such
contests were not for lady students, and
declared that no good would come to the
university by their participating in class
rights. Professor Stringhani called atten
tion to the publishea reports of the recent
Stanford rush, in which it was stated that
the Palo Alto ladies did not take part, as
in Berkeley, and sail that the State Vv.i
varsity would be injured by a repetition ol
i Monday's scenes aud that comparisons
with Stanford, to the detriment of Berke
ley, were being made.
The co-eds are much wrought up over
the lectures given to them by the pro
fessors, as they say a reflection is cast on
the whole body of women students, while
only about a dozen put of the entire 400 at
Berkeley took part in the rush. Small in
j dignation meetings were held all after
noon among the young women.
Rev. Wr. Payne Refligns.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10— Rev. Ed
ward B. Payne, pastor of the Unitarian
Society of Berkeley, has tendered his
r-signation to the board of trustees. No
action lias yet been taken on his resigna
tion, and consequently the date of his
ieaviiitr remains uncertain.
He states that his work in the pulpit
here will close with the present year at
least. Dr. Payne ha 3 been pastor of the
church continuously since its foundation
Rev. E. B. Payne of Berkeley.
in 1891. He was president of the Altruria
Colony Association while it lasted, and
editor of^the Altruria during its lifetime.
The Unitarian Society has a membership
of about one hundred at the present time,
including a large number of professors
and their families, and is in a flourishing
condition.
They have been holding their meetings
at Stites' Hall for the past two years and
were about to erect a building of their
own.
No reason is given for the resicnation of
Dr. Payne, nor has his future field of
labor been made known.
Visited the University.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 10.— The State
University was visited to-day by the Na
tional Park Commission, which has been
visiting the Western States recently with
the view to recommending to Congress
means for more carefully preserving the
j National parks of the country.
The commission consists of Professor C.
S. Sargent, director of the Arnold arbore
tum of Harvard; Professor William H.
; iSrewer, head of the department of agri
culture at Yale; Gifford Pinchot, forester
of Vanderbilt's Baltimore estate, and Dr.
Arnold Hague, another distinguished
forester.
The commission was taken over the
grounds by Professors Hilgarcl and
Bltchell, and this evening they were enter
tained at dinner by several of the faculty.
They expressed themselves as being much
pleaded with the condition of affairs at
the university.
Professor Brewer was rarticularly in
terested in the growth of the university,
since he delivered an address to the first
graduating class of the institution.
Ruskin Club Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10.— The Rus
kin Club held one of the most interesting
of its course of meetings at the home of j
Mrs. Chick on Durant avenue last even- j
ing. Charles Keeier, the leader, an
pounced that be would leave for tbe East
in a few days to be gone for two months,
and, accordingly, Rev. E. B. Payne was
asked to serve in his stead.
Boating Association Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10.— Tht annu
al election of officers of the U. C. Boating
Association will take place next Saturday
afternoon at the club headquarters. Five
directors besides a new set of officers will
be chosen. The directors are to be one
from the alumni, one from the faculty,
one from the affiliated colleges and two
from the undergraduates at Berkeley.
Getting Ready to Play.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10.— Captain
Rausome of the U. C. football team has
issued a bulletin calling all men who ex
pect to play football this season to be on
the grounds in their suits at 4 o'clock next
Monday. The first match game of the
season is to be played by Berkeley against
the Reliance Club on October 3.
Graduate Club Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 10.— Th« Uni
versity Graduate Club has elected the fol
lowing new officers; President, E. N.
Prouty; vice-president, Miss S. N. Lius
eott; secretary and treasurer. Miss Marian
Delaney; executive committee — E. Ly
man Hood, Theodore de Laguna, Miss
E. R. Farnham and Mies E. C. Chaprcan.
SHEEHAN WILL MANAGE.
The Ex-Stanford Man to Run
the Olympic Club
Eleven.
He Will Enlist the Services of Sev
eral of the Bist Play
ers Here.
Jack Sheehan, ex-captain of the Stan
ford baseball team, is to manage the Olym
pic football eleven this season. That in
itself almost assures the local men the
gridiron supremacy of the athletic clubs
of the West, for Sheehan is the intimate
friend of most of the players that until
now have been conceded to bo Reliance
material.
He was the boon companion at college
of Football Captain .Downing and of
Quarterback Harrelson, and they all with
"Weldon, the new Olympic fullback, be
longed to the same Greek-letter fraternity.
Something of the significance of this
move on the part of the Olympic Club
may be seen when it is asserted that there
is a possibility that even Walton, the cap
tain-elect of the Reliance team, may be
drawn over by the new manager, for Wal
ton himself captained the Stanford nine
one season and another played under
Sheehan's captaincy when the baseball
men made a victorious tour of the North
west in 1894.
Unusually enthusiastic and of a mag
netic temperament Sheehan was, aside
from his prominence as a baseball-player,
one of the most popular collegians during
his four years at Palo Alto. Last season
after graduation he captained the Olym
pic baseball team for a short time, then
gave up athletics and devoted himsell en
tirely, to preparing for the Supreme Court
examination, which he recently passed
and was admitted to the bar.
The new Olympic manager is a son of
General John F. Sneehan of this City.
Leonard Gill, a former director of the
Olympic Club, in resigning last night
from the management of the team, did so
fully acquiescing in the change which he
himself had helped to plan. For some
little time the plan was afloat, Sheehan
meanwhile quietly working among the
old Stanford players. The result is Har
relson, who played with Reliance last
year, will be with the Olympics this sea
son, anil Downing, another Reliance
standby, will wear an Olympic suit if an
injured hand does not prevent him from
playing at all.
"The Olympics with the material in
sight, should have the best team they
have ever had," said .Sheehan last night.
"I like football too well to Keep out of it'
and this position, with the season's games
all in this City, will require little more
time than I would naturally spend talking
over the prospects with fellows at the
ciub. .
"There are several thlnes I want to see
accomplished. I want to see the team
mure like a college eleven, with its intense
loyalty and with no suspicion of question
able tactics unbecoming amateurs. I want
to see the Multnomabs of Portland and
the Butto team come down here and meet
the Olympics, for we should be in a posi
tion this year whero other teams must
come to us. If possible we may make a
southern trip about Christmas time, but
outside of that we will be satisfied with a
rattling good season right here, as the
schedule already arranged with the two
universities and Reliance insures a game
every Saturday from October 3 on." .
/ — — . — +—.
Dick Wllliama' Case Postponed,
Dick Williams was not sentenced yesterday
as was generally expected. His new attorney,
George D. Collins, set up the claim that the
evidence la the recent trial had not been
transcribed, consequently he wsb not in a po
sition to make an intelligent plea for «i new
trial. On this ground he asked for a continu
ance until to-day, which was granted. After
court adjourned Collins sought Judge Morrow
in chambers and made an Ineffectual effort to
secure the release of his client on bail. He
offered to pat up a bond of from $20,000 to
$25,000, but his Honor declined to eutertain
the proposition.
On the tower of the parish church of
Bicknoller, Somerset, is growina a yew
tree, now five leet high. It is supposed
that it owes its origin to a seed dropped by
a bird.
MYSTERY OF A
MISSING NEPHEW
A Romantic Tale Told to
the Children's Society's
Secretary.
LOST ON THE EIVER.
Little Arthur Left Oakland in a
Boat With His Father Many
Weeks Ago.
NOW HE CANNOT BE FOUND.
His Father His Giv.n Many Explana
tions, All of Which Have Been
Proved to Be False.
Oakland Officb San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 10. f
Henry Johnson has called the attention
of the police and the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children to the
peculiar circumstances attending the dis
appearance of his aephew, Arthur Hal
strom, a 9-year-old boy.
Charles Halstrom, the father of the boy,
or really Charles Johnson, is a brother
of the man who is anxious to regain his
nephew.
The story told by Henry Johnson is re
markable in many of its leading features,
fie says: "Charles and I were separated
in Sweden and met in an Oakland saloon
about two years ago, after being apart for
twenty-two years. Some time ago he
married a younc widow and she is the
mother of the little boy who is missing.
His mother is now dead. After her death
my brother went East.
"Then he went to Denver and later came
to Oakland and it was here I met him.
'•Several times in ray presence Charles
was very cruel to the boy, and once he
was arrested, but tha boy was so fright
ened he did not stick to his story and his
father was not convicted. Several weeks
later Mrs. Prescott met my brother and
told him to send Arthur up to her office,
as she wanted to talk with him. He did
not come, and upon further inquiry she
found that he had been missing some
time.
"A search was made, and it was discov
ered that Halstrom had bought a boat
with a caDin from Mayor Davie for $10,
in which he proposed to live at the foot of
Broadway to save rent. He took the boy
aboard and left for Stockton, intending to
buy up old junk on his way.
"Nothing could be done until the return
trip, when Mrs. Prescott casually met Mr.
Halstrom on the street, though he tried to
avoid her. She took him to account for
his broken promises and taking tiie boy
away without notifying the society. He
gave several excuses. Then Mrs. Prescott
asked where the boy was, when she was
told he had run away.
"Halstrom said tne boy had been gone
a week, and he had reported the matter
to the police, but inquiries show he had
not done so. Soon after he rushed Into the
office of the society and told Mrs. Prescott
the boy had been found and was stopping
with an aunt in East Oakland. Mrs.
Prescott went to the place, only to find
that there was nothing known of the
cnild. In fact, the child has no aunt in
this country.
"I believe the boy is dead and that he
came to his death between here and
Stockton. Whether he was frightened to
death or fell overboard I don't know. 1
believe my brother is picking hops in
Yolo County now. and I am very anxious
that ho be required to produce that little
boy.
"Mrs. Prescott shares my belief that the
child is not alive, and when his father
comes within her jurisdiction she will
take steps to at once make him account
for that child."
luipres»ive Funeral Service*.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 10.— A large
number of his late associates, as well as
friends of the family, gathered at the J.
C. Wilson residence, 563 Hobart street,
this afternoon, to pay their token of re
spect to the memory of their son, Hugh,
who was drowned in the San Joaquin
River, this side of Stockton, Monday aiter
noon, while in bathing. A delegation of
twenty-eight members of University Lodge
No. 144, I. O. O. F., and one of fourteen
members of Oakland Parlor No. 50. N. S.
G. W., of which he was a member, were
also in attendance.
The Native Sons sent a beautiful floral
standard of pink amaryllis, maidenhair
fern and white roses. The Odd Fellows'
gift was a broken shaft of chrysanthe
mums. A pink and white sweet pea
pillow with the word "Rest" was Mrs.
Wilson's token to ter dead boy. To* em
ployes of the firm sent floralofferingg, as
did numerous iriends.
The Rev. Dr. Wendte conducted the ser
vices, during which Messrs. Ben Clark,
Harry Richards, George Carlton and D.
P. Hushes sung "Consolation" and "Thy
Will Be Done." The Odd Fellows fol
lowed with their ritualistic service, in
which George C. Kaufman acted as noble
grand and A. D. Smith chaplain.
The pall-bearers were Messrs. J. D. Cook,
F. Campbell and J. Cal Ewing from the
Native Sons and Messrs. E. S. Finch, G.
W. Bnttner and D. A. Sinclair from the
Odd Fellows. The remains were taken to
San Francisco on the 3 o'clock boat and
cremated at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Tbe Modern Trojan*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 10.— Dr. B. A.
Rabe, who is one of the charter members
of the new Supreme Lodge of the Order
of Modern Trojans, mentioned in to-day's
Call, has this to say regarding the new
order:
"The idea that the new order is to be a
political organization seems to be current.
I wish to state that it has nothing in com
mon with the A. P. A. or lodges of like
character. It is purely a benelicial order.
It wili be on the plans of the Woodmen,
Workmen and such orders, only that
we will have the benefit of thair experi
ence and will take th» cream of each.
There is f 1,300,000 sent Enst from Califor
nia every year, $900,000 from Oregon and
$800,000 from Washington. We wish to
keep this money at home."
Funeral of John H. O'Brien.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 10.— The funeral
of John H. O'Brien, who died Monday
evening in San Francisco, will be held to
morrow. It has been arranged to leave
San Francisco on the 8:30 boat, arriving at
the foot of Broadway at 9 o'clock on a
special train, which will proceed to Stock
ton via Niles, arriving thereabout noon.
The services in Stockton will be in charge
ot the Knights Templar.
Hon. M. M. Estee, Judge Patterson of
the Supreme Court, Attorney Pillsbury
and General Davis will be on the train,
the latter, who is high in Masonic circles,
will deliver the funeral oraiion. Governor
James Budd will attend the services.
Mcxtlian on Probation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 10— Lieutenant
Meehan, who was arrested for disturbing
the peace of the neighborhood, was ai
Auction Saics
CBAS..LEYY ft CO., ACCTIOSEERS.
Salesrooms— 1135 Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday September 11, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m , at Salesroom.
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th ana Sth,
\VK WILL SELL.
j 25 Oak Bedroom Sets, 6 Folding Beds with mirror
fronts, 5 Parlor Sets, 5 Stoves and 6 Ranges, 52500
yards Carpets, Best of Bedding, Hatracks, Mir-
rors, i.ace Curtains, Bookcases, etc
• ', CIIA3. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
BY ORDER OP MRS. HOIS
We have removed to our Salesroom, 1057 Market
street, opposite Jones, all the Furniture from above
named lady's residence on McAllister street,
wnich we will sell Tv-DAY, Friday, September
11, 189G, at 11 o'clock a. m. It consists of Excel-
lent Parlor Furniture. B 'lirooui Suits. 2 Folding
Beds, Bed Lounges, Range, Kitchen Ware, Crock-
ery, Carpets, Bed ilntt, etc. . •
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
1057 Market St., opp. Jones.
WELL-KEPT FCESITQKE
TO-DAY At 11 o'clock a. m. TO-DAY
At 448 Ninth St., near Bryant.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK &. CO. - 602 Market street. .- .
lowed to go on two weeks' probation in
the Police Court to-day, and informed
that if no farther complaint were made at
that time the charge would be dismissed.
Lizzie D'Arcly, the housekeeper, was al
lowed to go, as it was shown she made an
outcry to defend herself from hi 3 attacK.
State and County Tax.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 10.— The Super
visors are figuring on a county tax rate
which they will have to consider in a few
days. The rate last year was 50 cents,
which, with a State rate of 68 cents, made
$1 18 inside corporated cities, and with the
35 cents for road purposes made $1 53 in
the outside district.
It is expected that the rate this year
will be slightly higher for county pur
poses, as the election alone will be fio,ooo
additional expense, besides what may be
required for a new bridge ovrr the tidal
canal in case the War Department orders
the present structure removed.
Going East to Study.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 10.— Alex T.
Stewart, leader ana musical director of
tbe Congregational Sunday-school orches
tra, the Berkeley Orchestral Society, the
Boys' Brinade band and several other
musical bodies, will leave the last of the
month for Chicago, to study a year under
Professor Tom lin, who was "on this coast
last year. The orchestra will give him a
testimonial concert Friday evening, Sep
tember 25, at the First Congregational
Church.'
Mrs. Terry's Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 10.— Mrs. Frank
Perry ol Fourth street claims people are
trying to kill her, and she sees her hus
band in nearly every man she meets. She
has been an inmate of the Ukiah Asylum,
and is only on a leave of absence. Should
she become bad she will be taken into cus
tody and the authorities there notified.
YE YING'S ADVENTURES.
The Editor of the Chinese War
Cry Takes Part in an
Exhibition.
General Booth Brought Samples of
Army Work Frcm Every Quarter
cf the Glob?.
Chinatown has been without its War Cry
for nearly two months, but this wees
there will be a gala number to celebrate
the return of Ye Ying, the enterprising
editor. Mongolian curiosity is stirred up
to a high pitch to hear the wonderful
adventures that befell Ye Ying in Darkest
London.
The editor set out for the British capital
on August 18 to take part in the great Sal
vation Army International Exposition,
and ho has just returned. The
sights he saw there were probably
unique in the religious history of the
world. In the vast Agricultural Hall at
Islington General Booth and his soldiers
had arranged an exposition of the army's
work in every hemisphere and brought
natives from every country where they
have planted their standard to testify.
There was an Indian village, the swarthy
white-robed natives of which wore the
badge of the army; the same badge was
worn in a Zulu kraal, which was presided
over by a genuine chief.
There were also a Scandinavian peasant
village, a settlement of Lapland huts,
Dutch, Italian and other Continental cot
tages, settlements of Dutch Boers, of Cin
galese, Japanese, Malayans and half a
duzen other lands where the Salvation
Army has taken a foothold.
But Ye Ying says ibis was only a small
part of the vast exhibition. Army work
of eveiy kind was shown— rescue notues,
receiving homes, hospitals, laundries,
shelters, factories. Misery row in Darkest
London, ami slum work in many of the
world's big cities, while the night shelter
was kept supplied with London tramps
during the ten days that the exhibition re
mained open.
Ye Ying says that everyday he sat down
to table with men of seventeen different
nationalities and races, and that the ser
vices of interpreters were greatly in de
mand. "There were editors of War Cries
in thirteen different languages," he said.
"All of them testified, but many of them
had to use interpreters. Yes; 1 was able
to speak in English.
"There was an average of 10,000 people
a day who visited the exhibition and
many conversions were made. General
Booth is very anxious to begin work in
China, and to raise funds he has started a
tea leagu« in London.
"All the people who join the league
pledge themselves to buy their tea from
the army and the profits are to be devoted
to starting army work in China."
Commander Booth-Tucker informed Ye
Ying when he passed through New York
that it was his intention to establish a
Salvation Army Chinese training home,
for the purpose of equipping soldiers to
undertake army work in China. The loca
tion of this home is not yet decided upon,
but probably it will be in San Francisco.
Next Tuesday there \vill be a welcome
meeting in Congress Hall to fete the re
turn of Ye Ying to his editorial duties.
Several billiard tables have just been
dispatched to Bulnwayo.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2.")KEABSiYKT. Established
In 1 S3* for the treatment of Private
Diseiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
| diseasewearingonbodyandmindand
bkln Diseases. The doctorcurea when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
!«;nrcnsrnnrnnt«*«>d. Callorwrlte.
Br.J.r>,ißßOx. jsox 1957. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
NORTH PACIFIC (OAST RAILROAD
• (Via Sansalito Iforry).
From San Francisco, ••ornmenclng June 15. 1834
WEEKDAYS;
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, «8;o6
•0:15 10:15, 11:45, A. M.: ' 1!45> 3:20. 4:15.
6:15, •ti:'JO, v:35 P. M.
Extra trips lor San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and .Saturdays a; 11:30 p. x.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— *B:oo, *9:00
•10:00. 11 :30a.m. ;*»l2:3j. •1:30, •'2:16. •4,:00
6:30, 6:45. p.m. Exit* trip to Sausalltoai
11 :0O a. M. ' .- . • . -
Trains marked • run to San Qaentln, •*12:30
. P. U. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
For Point Reyes : ana way s;n;ioai-9 a., m
Randays.
«££ r Poln i KeTe * . Cai*clero and way ■uiioiu-
S*>o a. X. Sundays; 1:46 r. m. weekday*.
LAURENCE YKCEOT, AUCTIONEER,
GRAND AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent Drawing-room Uphols-
tery, Elegant Parlor, Chamber,
Library and Dlniiijr-rooni
PUEB.KTI T XT H. DH,
EOYAt WILTON AND BODY BRUS-
SELS CARPETS.
This Is a magnificently furnished residence and
Is well worthy the attention of all parties contem-
plating purchasing elegant furniture.
Sale at the elegant residence,
3003 CALIFORNIA ST., NB. OCTAVIA,
THIS DAY.
Friday September 11, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. if.
\ LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
Note.— House open for inspection early Friday
'mine. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
JIOIT TMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Paoiflo
Coast Railroad.
WEEK DAYS-Leave a F. 9:15 a. v. 1:45 p. m.
Returning— Arrive 8. W. 3:25 p. m. 8:20 P. m.
DAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. if 11:30 a.m. 1:30 p.m.
Returning— Arrive &F. 1:16 p.m. 4:20 P.*. 7:35 p.m.
Tickets for sale in Mill Valley or
THO*. COOK <fc eONS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Hallway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific SYSTEM.)
Trains leave nmi arc due to arrive nt
• ... SIN FRANCISCO. . .
lxavb — FnO3t September 3, 1896. — AMUT|
*6:OOa Niles. San Joso and Way Stations . . . 8:49 a
7:00 a Atlantio Express, Oe(len and East. . 8:43
7:00 a Benida, VacaTilla, RutEsey. Sacra- ■ • -;
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis «t4Sp
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Banta Rosa 6tlsp
8:30 a Niles, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjsville and Red
iiitifr 4:lilp
•S:3o\ Pctcr3 ami Milton «7:13p
0:OOa Eos Anselcs Fibres?, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles 4i4-tp
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:4(5 a
9:OOAVaUejo.... 6:15p
1 :OOp Niles, San Joso and livcrmore 8:43 a
•1:00p Sacramento KiTer Steamers «9:00p
fl :«Op Port Coata and Way Stations t?:43p
4:OOi> Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, £1 Vorano and
Santa Kosa 9<l9a
4soepßenici3, Vacaville, Esparto, Wood,
land, Kcights Landing. Marys-
yillc, Ororillo ami Hacnunetito. . ■ ■ 10:43 a
4:30r NlJoa, San Jose, lavcrmora and
Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30p Merced, Bcrenda, Riymond (for
Yoicr.iitc) nnd Fresno 11:43 a
s:#«p New Orleans Kxrrrc.i.Fresiio.Bakers-
fieM. Kanta liarbara.Lna Angelen,
T)ernii.t,', El l'aao, New Orleans and
East loiirjA
5:00 p Santa Fo Itouto, Atlantic Express
for Mt-j*ve and East lOiISa
O:OOpVellejo .' 11«45a
O:QOi» European Mail, (>k<!i'.ii and East.... 9:43 a
6:ooplTiiynard«, Niles and Man Jose 7ii34
}7:00p Vnllejo 17»45p
7iOOp Oregon Express, Hacramento, Marys-
villc. Redding, Portland, Puget
Bound ami East 10i48a
SANTA 01UJZ DIVISION (.Narrow tiauge).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, i-i^nta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:03p
8:1 Newark, Ccuterville.i-ian.Tose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8:30p
*2:15p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Alniadt-'i), Frlton, lScmldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Btat!ons «lli2oa
4:151> Newark, San Jose and Los (iatos.... 9;SOa.
COA>)i' DIVISION (lliinl A Townseud St».)
•O:4Sa Sau Jofo and Way Stations (New
- Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
!7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations..... JB:33p
8:1. "5 A San Jose, Trea Vinos, Kanta Cruz,
l'acilic Grove, Paso Robles. San
Luis OMspo, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way StaUons 7:OSr
t9i47A Palo Alto and Way Stations tl «30p
10:40 a Kan Jose and Way Stations 5:O0p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Station 8:3 Op
*2:30r San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz.
Salina3,Monterey and Pacific Grove »10:40 a
■3:30? San Jose, Paciflo Grove and Way
Stations *ltBop
• *4:30p San Joao ami Way Stations «8:00 a
j - '3:SOp (- iii.l Principal Way Stations ■ *8:48 a
C:3Or San Jose and WayHtalious 0:35 .\
tll:4.>r San .Tope ami Way Stations... <7«43p
HAS LKAMUtO A XI) HAYWAItDS LOCAL.
t*6:OOA 1 . • ( 7: 1 5 A
8:00 a {9:45 a
iS. : o»a Seminary Park, sl!tlt
'".-oSr Fltchbnrs, San Letndro j »f£j{£
S:00p , , n< l 4:43p
■4:00p f . . .' 5:43p
5:00p lUrwarda 6:13p
5:30p xisywsras. 7:45p
7:00p 8:43p
8:00p , _ .. . . „„ 9:45p
9*OOp » Runs through to Niles. 10:30p
ttli':l.->p^ ' From Nilea. [ ttl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from FRANCISCO— Foot of -Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 ■ 11:00 a.M. {1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:03 '■■ tS:CO *6:00 p.m. ,
FromO&KUHD— Foot of Broadway.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. tl2:00 »l:00 t3:00 *3:00 i ti:00
*5:00 p.m. ■ .
A for Morning. *- J-' ' P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exceptod. - t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFRJMSCO& NORTH PA.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Xlbnron Ferry— Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WBBK DAYS-7:SO, 9:00. 11:00 a.m.: IS:S*
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. U. Thursdays-Extra trim
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. ic. tT.T
BDNDAYS-7:30, 0:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:S*
6 :00, 6 :20 P. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— O:IB, 7:50, 9:10. 11-10 a. w.
12:45 3:40. 5:10 p*. it Saturdiys-Kxtr^trSj
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. ic *^
BUNDAYS— 7:35, 9 ** U:10 a. ■■ 1:40, 8:4%
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park nnu
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. jK,*,^ I Ban Fran^lscq
Days. j days. w '" m " w * ) bayb. | Pats.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 AX
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 AM
6:10 fm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 Pit 6:15 pm
" - ' '. ~ i Fulton, "—"*
7:30 am ! Windsor, 10:10 am
lHealdsburg,
IGoyservllle, '
8:80 pm 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 6:16 pm
"- Pleta, '. ~~ ~~"
7:30 am Hopiand & 10:10 am
8:30 pm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
7:80 am I j 10:10 am
7:30 am ! Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:50 pm j , j 6:15 pm
730 am 7 :30 am I Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm { Glen Ellen. | 6:06 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am| seba-tono, 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
B:3opm|6:oopm| seDaat °P° l - I 6:OS*MJ 6:lspm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Gnyservllle for Skaqrgg Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kolseyvilte, Sod» Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopiand for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
C kiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Buck*
Hell's,, San Heights, Hullville, Boonevllls,
greenwood, Git's Hot Springs.- Mendocino City,
Wort Bragg, Wsstport, Vsal, Willets, Canto, Of
*»10. Laytonvltle, Harris, Scotia and Enreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redo***
fates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ks>
fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlsa
B. C. WHITING. " B. X. RY AH,
gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agea* ■"
Atlantic <fltefifr
Trains leave and arrive a; bBkJSSBSmHbB^M
Market-Street Ferry. V-aS*^?^^^ l^
SANTA FE EXPRESS. W&M
To Chicago via A. & P.s^Pgjg^^y Jft
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., car. via, Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern T. j>
« lonr ' st sstl t e P' n S-<:ars. with clean linen
bedding aud in charge of a porter, run daily
;o h r O^n h vyranTsf°L V <! vu a i S KanBM X AM «
_Pers«Jna Ily.;condnct»'d1 ly.;condnct»'d Boston Kxcnrsions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whlta
Mountains leave every 'Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new i Its: nodisl: in^erestinz scenery
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone
1531. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
1314
CHARGE OF THE
LIGHT BRIGADE
Recent Combination May
Reduce Rates and
Expenses.
VALUATION DIMINISHED
Organization of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric
Company.
CAPITAL, TWENTY MILLIONS.
Allotment and Reservation ol the
Shares Now to Be Issue! With
out Exchange.
A meeting of the directors of the San
Francisco Gaslight Company was held
yesterday afternoon at the office of the
corporation on First street. A notice has
been puolished calling for a special meet
ing of stockholders on Monday, October
26. The purpose and object of the meet
inp is to consider and act upon the propo
sition to diminish the capital stock of the
corporation frum |10,000,000, divided into
100,000 shares of the par value of $100 each,
to $300,000. divided into 100.000 shares of
the par value of $3 each.
The steps now taken to diminish the
capital stoct of the company without re
ducing the number of shares will be
understood when ihe details of the con
solidation with the Edison Light, and
Power Company are considered.
From a circular letter which the presi
dent, Joseph B. Crockett, has addressed to
the stockholders the following extracts are
made:
'For some time past there has been
sharp competition in the lighting business
between the San Francisco Gaslight Com
pany and the Edison Light and Power
Company. The boards of directors ofttie
two companies, realizing that possibly in
the future this might lead to serious loss
to both companies, and that the business
of furnishing light and power should be
controlled by one management, and thus
effect a large saving in the general man
agement, establish more uniform rates
between gas and electricity and in many
other ways curtail expenses, have deemed
it advisable to form a new company, to be
kno*n as the 'San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company,' and to transfer to this
new company all the property of the other
two."
Mention is made of the patient investi
gation of the affairs of both companies,
the experiiug oi ihe books and the inspec
tion of machinery, and this general plan
of consolidation is recommended.
"The new company, to be formed from
the other two companies, to be called the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, capital stock $20,000,000, of which
$10,000,000 will be issued to the stock
holders of the San Francisco Gas Light
Company, $2,750,000 to be issued to the
stockholders of ihe Edison Light and
Power Company and $1,066,666 to be placed
in trust in the hands of » trustee selected
by the directors of the new company,
which said stock is to be placed in escrow
for the purpose of redeeming the out
standing bonds of tne Edison Light and
Power Company. All the remainder of
the stock is to be held in the hands of the
company, and will not be issued unless
necessity reauires the same for the en
largement, extension or improvement of
tue plant."
It seems that when certain bonus of the
Edison Light and Power Company were
L-s>ue\i the hoiders were given an option to
exchange the bonds for stock witnin a
period of ten years. Five years' time has
elapsed, but during me next five years
some oi the bondiiolders may elect to
take aiock, hence the reservation of $1,
-066,666. The unissued stock, amounting
to $6,183,334, may be issued in the
future should the expansion of the City
require an enlargement of the plant and
extension of lighting facilities.
Tne San Francisco Gasligut Company
having but it* current monthly debts to
pay could disincorporate and go out of
business, but as there are real estate and
other assets, such as the property at the
foot of King street, remaining in the cor
poration it will not disincorporate, but
will reduce its capital stock to $300,000,
which is sufficient to carry the real estate
unsold. The stockholders will formally
consider this proposition at the meeting
on October 26.
President Crockett's circular to the
holders of the stock of the gas company
says: "It will be necessary for all the I
stockholders of the San Francisco Gas
light Company to surrender their present
stock and to receive in exchange therefor
an equal number of shares oi stock of the
fcan Francisco Gaslight Company repre
senting the reai estate interests, the par
vaiue of which will be $3 per share, and
also to receive the same number of shares
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company."
The president holds that with econom
ical management the new company will
be able to earn and pay a fair dividend
and gradually be able to reduce the price
of light to the consumer.
LAKE TAHOE EXPEDITION
Leading Railway Men on a
Journey of Observa
tion
A Railroad From Truckee to Taho:
City May Be Con
structed.
Last evening a party consisting of Col
onel C. F. Crocker, Julius Kruttschnitt, C.
B. Alexander, William F. Herrin, W. H.
Mills, Jerome A. Hart and Colonel J. B.
Wright left for Lake Tahoe, via Placerville
and Strawberry Mountain. They will
drive leisurely over the mountain roaa
from PJa.cervilie to the lake. At Tallac
they will board the steamer and proceed
to Tahoe City, returning to San Francisco
via Truckee.
Colonel Crocker said yesterday that the
Southern Pacific Company had no plans
in view for railroad extension from Piacer
ville to Lake Tahoe. "We are going,"
naid Colonel Crocker, "from Placerville to
Lake Tahoe for the pleasure of the outing.
No plans of railroad extension in this re
gion are in contemplation. We expect to
have a ><ood time on the trip, and that is
all there is in it."
Lake Tahoe is attracting an unusual
mtmber of visitors this season. It is the
talk up there that a railroad from Truckee
to Tahoe City, a distance of fourteen
miles, will be constructed within ei^nteen
months. William Greer Harrison has
made two vacation trips to Tahoe this
season. He says that if this magnificent
lake, with the beautiful mountain scenery
surrounding it, were in any other part oi
the civilized world there would be a thou
sand villas from which the changing
colors of the water could be viewed.
Mr. Harrison is sure that a railroad will
soon be built from Truckee to Tahoe City.
Data came into ij is possession recently
which convince him that capital can be
procured to construct the road.
On the proposed line from Truckee to
Tahoe City there are few natnral obstacles
to the construction of a railway. Mr. Har
rison understands that the plans under
consideration by capitalists contemplate
the erection of a fine hotel near Tahoe City.
Grand Larceny Charged.
Kate Murphy, 348 Minna street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachimseu's court yester
day, charging John Dougherty, an employe in
Brown's hardware sture, Fourth and Market
streets, with grand larceny. She said Dough
erty was sent to her house a few days ago to
do some work and after he departed she missed
a diamond rinc; valued at $150. a sealskin
purse worth $12 and her bankbook.
PACiFIC COAST BONDS.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. Board
of Trade and the Merchants' Association make a
showing that within five years 16,000.000 have
been invested la new structures In Los Angeles.
Bonds Will be issued by West. Palmdale, the re
cent election having authorized such issue.
The Supervisors at Flags- an. Aris., have levied
35 cents on each $100 valuation of real and per
sonal property in School District No. 1, Flagstaff,
for the payment of interest on the school bonds of
said district, and a like tax of 35 cents on the dol
lar has beeu levied on School District No. 2 at
Williams, to create a sinking fund and for the
payment of interest of the bonds of the district.
The Los Angeles Times says that the banks in
Los Angeles County have been calling In outside
loans, and as a consequence there has been an in
crease in the number of mortgages, the people bor
rowing money on their real estate. For small
loans on City property, running from 200 to $800,
10 per cent net is asked. On sums of $1000 and
over money can be had in limited amounts at a
per ci-n. net.
A suit has been filed In the Superior Court at
Seattle by the State Trust Company to toreclose a
mortgage of $160,000 against the l'ugei bound
Dry dock Company. The .- lute Trust Company is
of .New York. Jn the suit the complainant nsks
that dward A. Spauldlng, who was appointed re
ceiver by the Superior -Court of ■• Tierce County,
when the company waj sueU there by P. p. Nor
ton et al.. be removed, and thai a new" receiver be
appointed, and mat the lien held agaiust the proj>
erty by Tuomas Clancy und Gillette in- rzog Manu
facturing Company of Minn* -so. by virtue or a
judgment against the Puget sound Drydock Com
pany, rendered la Pierce County in 189-1, be
made secondary to the mortgage of the State
Trust ;c ompany. The Puget Sound Dryaock
Company on .November 1, 1892, executed nr»t
mortgage gold bonds to the aggregate amount of
$15u.000, there being 150 bonds of frIUOO each.
tor these, the company promised to pay face
value on November 1, 191 and interest at 6 per
cent, payable semi-anuualiy. li «i, agreed that
in case default of nine;y days was made in the
payment of interest, i he principal should become
payable, lhese bonds were secured by a mort
gage or deed or trust, dated November 1, 1891', on
three contiguous tracts of land in King county,
aggregating about 218 acres: also on the foundry
plant and machine shop then operated by the
company on the drydock operated at Quarter
master Harbor and on all property thereafter
accrued. On the strength of tins mortgage, the
bonds were indorsed by the Male Trust Company
and issued. No part of the interest lias been pnid
and the state Trust Company now asks for tne
appointment of another receiver; that We mor:
gage be declared a first lien on all nroperty as
security for the payment of the bonds and that
the property be sol.i at Sheriff's sale.
The Investor, published at Los Angeles, elves
the following record for the week ending August
29:
111 transfers amounting to $112,025 64
66 transfers for nominal consider
ations.
69 mortgages on city prop
erty $103,910 80 »
36 mortgages on county
property 46,907 21
150.817 01
32 releases city property. 105.963 00
16 releases county prop- ; . --.
erty 14.73500
20,698 00
61 building permits amoumlue to.. 58,480 00
Some recent mortgages placed on record at Los
Angeles carried interest rate as follows: 512,000,
payable in four Installments, at 9 per cent: .'.OOO,
six years at 6 per cent; $7600, five years at 9 per
cent: $20,0J0, for two years, 11 per cent; $15,000,
for ten years, at 8 per cent.
The New York Bond Buyer published August
24 a table showing the municipal bond sales
throughout the Uuit*d Stales for the third week
in August, nnd the total of twenty-eight sales was
only $567,400.
THE STOCK MARKET
Prices for Comstocic shares showed little varia
tion yesterday. Business was rather better In
several stocks, tfaoueh not active.
The Sierra Nevada assessment falls delinquent in
office to-day.
The Savage official letter for the past week states j
that on the 860 level of that mine a streak of fair
grade ore 3 feet in width has been found in the
face of ihe south drift. This lever also states that
the work of cutting out a station on the 400 level
of shaft 1 on the Brunswick lode is progressing
with all possible dispatch, while on the 300 level
of the Brunswick workings the joint savage and
Hale <fe Norcross north drift, having reached the
south boundary of Savage ground, has been taken
charge of by the Savage people and extended 16
feet, the face being in rorphyry and slips of clay.
Boms: Consolidated — "200 level— Gildea raise
advanced 5 feet, ihe vein faulted, but has been
found again on the foe t wall containing 10 inches
of good rock. SOO level— The Burgess south drift
was advanced 9 feet, and Has about 2 inches of
good ore In the face. 400 level— The north drift
has been retracked preparatory to doing a little
work in various parts of this grouud. Are sloping
north and south of the Gildea raise on the '_';;0
level, and north on the pillar on about the 300
level of the Burgess leage, and north aoout on the
old level on fillings in the Fortuna 400 level. Ex
tracted during the week from the 200 level of the
Gildea, 300 level of tbe Burgess and 400 level of
the Fortuna n total of 17.5 tons of ore, assaying j
percar sample $12 to $47 per ton; true average
$26 per ton gold
Bulwek Consolidated— 2oo level— stop?s 10
and 11 above No. 2 crosscut still continu • about
the same. On the tunnel level the ore i- rais" 1
is wider and the stope extends further south than
the ore below It, bu-. tne grade is lower. Raise 2
has completely pinched, and, though followed '
soiue disance, hai not Improved. The south drift
from cros'cut 3 has b»en driven 8 feet on the
seam, cutting the crosscut south, with no particu
lar change. Are clcnrins out an old raise on the
I 200 level, 40 feet south of the shaft, in the hopp of
com ins; across something of valne In a region of
which we kuow nothing. Kxtracted during the
week a total of 11.7 tons of ore from the 200 level
and the tunne! openings, assaying per oar sample
$16 to $i 2 per ton; true average $36 per ton.
Shall besin on Monday (September 7) milling ore
in sian ard mill.
Moso-On Bodle 400 level the south drift in the
Fortuna vein was ittivanced 9 feet, showing 14
inches of broken low-grace quartz.
Sta.ni.akd Consolidated— Mill statements for
week ending September ft: Ore crushed. 32 tons
for Bodie Consolidate! an-1 223 tons for Stnndard
Consolidated: average daily crushing, 36 3-7 tons:
average assay vanner tailings, $6 0b; concen
trates produced. 1 ton: assay value $66 80; plate
amalsam produced, 570 ounces. Tailings— l'lant
2 worked 507 tons for the week. Tailings— Plant
1 worked 238.1 tons for the same period.
The joint Confidence, Challenge" Consolidated
and Con-olldated Imperial wf-st crosscut 1 from
the surface tunnel is out 698 feet, having beeD ad
vanced 15 feet during the week. The face
shows porphyry. West crosscut 3 from the sur
face tunnel is being tepaired.
Crown Point— Work waa resumed in the mine
on Beptemb< r 3. Repairs on the 600 and 700
leveis have been made since then, and an east
crosscut started from the south lateral drift on the
700 level, near the shaft station. Are timbering
in the raise from the 700 level In the south end on
the eleventh floor. The usual work in tbe shaft Is
under way.
Ihe yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
was 62 mining carloads of ore, the average top
sample of which showed an assay value of $19 15
per ton. shipped to the Brunswick mill during
the week 181 tons and 1190 pounds of ore, making
the io:al qusnlty of ore r.ow on hand at the mia
361 tons and 910 pounds. Full returns of this ore
wi I be given as soou as It is worked.
Tbe yield of the Confidence mine for the past
week was 15 mining carloads of ore. tbe average
top car sample of which assayed $18 94 per ton.
No ore was taken from the Overman mine dur
ing the past week.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
BKnriAR MOKNINO SRBHTON. COMMENCING! 9:30.
100 Aluha 17100 C P0int... 34 200 Savae .. 68
6UU EelciJ*r...s9 30U Occld 69200 . . .. 64
100 B & 8...1.10' 100 Opnlr... 1.161300 t>s
200 Bullion. ..09 300 l.loi 50 Union. 46
100 Chailiie. .47 i f> I Potosi... 1.00 200 Ulan 09
100 Chllar.. .2.30; 50 99 20J Yj*gjmi...sg
60 (X* V. 1 .901200 S .NT 77 iQO
20 185' I
AFTERNOON SESSION'— 2 :30.
200 Alt*. 07 100 G&O 60 300 Mono 80
200 81cner... 68100 ....81 50 Ophlr.. 1 10
100 _ &i>....1.10j 50 H&N...1.60 50sNev" 76
SoSffi^ilH 1 ""-"•Syw ut*h...v..io
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
BKStILAR SEBBION-10:30.
300 A1paa....17 200CCV....L95S00Occd 59
1200 Alta 08 900 l-921/o Ophlr [l 16
200 Andes....3l 200 conn... .1.65 2 jo 110
400 81cbr.:....4t> 200 C imp ....02 20J Overman *18
700 8A8.. ..1.10 200 ....03 200 Potosi 100
400 ..LO7V4 SOOC NT... .04 1 200 . ..1.02%
600 80die.....6a C Point 34 6>U Save . jj«
200 ...........84 400 G&C... 68 300 Scorpion
400 iiiilllon....lo SOU ............«•; 40U SB AM 12
100 Ca1ed.... ..13200 ; '....-. 6l2oo=SNv "81
200 Challge.. .6o .'5O H&M1.57W400 '"no
400 .....:_...,61 200 Julia ..'..07 500 skill 02
200 49 400 Justice.. ..o7|*oJ Union.. 49
400 Ch0ir.... 23/, zOO KentucK..ut-ibOo *48
400 2.3; 100 Mm 62200 47
'-'00 2.: ,2V2|3 63 1500 '6 tin"." "lO
800 .a.-<?7W5«00 ...........84 200 V JCKU....36
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
im^sfnou nmmntrt — i\iD
200 Alr.ha 10 15 1 Ch01r2.27%|400 0»h1r...1.10
300 Alta 07 50U ....2.30 1500 Ovrmn..lO
200 Andes Si 25J CCV.l.92V&'i5u P0i0.i1. .1.00
400 S3 200 1.95 3av...;,..66
400 8e1rner....57 400 C P0int. ... 33 200 Scorpion_o9
700 BAB. .1.J02i0 G & C... 81-300 88& M....11
100 Bodle 65 200 11& M... 1.65 200 S Nt 77
250 Bullion... I(J*UJ Mxcn 63300 Union C...48
20i) Cha1ug....49 100 Mono 1990J U.an 10
200 48 200 Occd 6820U V JaoICM..3B
200 51800 57 200 ......87
50 C0nf1_..1.46 l __-j I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 10-4 T. it.
m<LAtkeii.\ Bid. Asked.
Alnn* C0n. .... 16 17 Jackson ;25 60
Alt*. 07 OSJulla...; — 08
Andes. 31 S3 Justice. - 05 06
Belcher 67 68!Kemuclc 07 08
Best A Belcher 1.05 1.10 Lady Wash.... 02 v
Benton C0n.... — 15 Mexican 63 64
Bodie «1 —Mono 21 22
Bullion... 09 1 0 Nevada Queen — 04
Bulwer 46 47 Occidental 67 68
Caledonia. 11 13 Ophlr 1.10 1.15
Chollar 2.25 2.36 Overman.. 16 18
C0n.Ca1AVa...1.95 2.00 I'otosi 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. 50 52 Ravage 66 68
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Scorpion — 10
Confidence.... 1.45 1.50 seg. Belcher... 10 11
Con New York - 04 Syndicate 03 04
Crown Point... S3 84 silver Hi 11.... 02 03
EastSierraNev 02 04 sierra Nevada. 78 79
Kureka Con ... 25 — Union Coa 48 49
Kxchtauer .... 05 - 06 Utah 09 10
Gould & Curry. 62 63 Yellow Jacket. 36 37
Unit «tNorcia.l. 1.&5|
GOLD MIKING KXOHA.Xf>SS.
Champion ....„ Providence
Bid 20 00 Asked 80 00
Asked 25 00 Savannah _
Edna Asked 47
Asked _ 35 400 Sebasiopol...... 30
Grant.... Thorpe
Eld 10 8id..... ■ 00
AsJted m 25 Asked - 80
Keystone. 100 Bodte 69
Bid 65 00 100 Chollar 2 40
Kennedy 100 Con Virginia... 195
Asked _ 600 100 Hale A Norcrs. 165
100 LockwoodCon. 29 160 Ouhlr 110
600... 2b 100 Savage - 68
Princess. 100 69
Bid 66200 - 70
Asked 70
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 10-2 P. it
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Jtiri. .-)»*•"'. 1 Bid. A Bleed.
V 8 coup.. 105% - US4«reg... — 107%
Do new lssuells^fell6Vsl
JIIStKLU.VKOtH ROyiW.
Cal-dtCblO*. — 111 PacßollM.6% -. _
Cal Elec L 117 — Do2d«s6s... — '_'-
CntraCWs» - 94 P*ORy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cn 80 97% P&Ch Ry 6s. — 107%
Edan L*P6sll7Vi - Pwl-st RROs. — —
F&CIIKK6S. - 103 Reno, \Vi,AL — 105
Geary-stKss. — 107% sacto l 1 *L. — 102%
I.osAn* — 100 -1 AN PR is. - 98
DoGateed6s 96 100 SPRRAriz6s 93%100
Mkt-stCble6sllB 120 SPRRCaI6i. — 110%
DoßyCouos.. — 102% M'RKCaISs. — —
Nat Vin6s Ist 96 — iSPBrBCaISs. — 99
NevCNgß7s. 89 — ,*Y\VaterGs.. 116%llb»/«
N P C RK64. 100 - SVWater4s.. 97 —
NKy Cal - lOOVa'^tkinCJikEd* — 100 i, 4
NRy Cal Si. — 100 isunsi TAT6i. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 102 - Sutter-51U55.107 109%
1 o 65.. 102%105 VisaliaWCS* — —
Onjiilbus 116»/ 4 i18%
>. Al XX HTOCK*.
Contra Costa 29V* — IPnn .105e... — —
Marin C 0... 60 53 |t>prng Valley — 97^%
r>«"6TOCKS.
Capital 17% 80 (Pacific Light — 4PV*
Central 95 — San Francaco — 80S/i
OakGL&ti 6 134 52%;5t0ckt0u..... — 20
PacUablinp. 81% 82%!
imoKAXct KTO r:jc %
Fireman's 50 — |Sun 25 SO
rOUMKKCIAT. BANK STO-RV
AmwßftTC. — — 'l.«!>dnnl'&A.l33Vb —
Anglo-Ca1..,. - 68 I.ondor.*sK. — 27%
Bank of Cat.. 225 — Merch Kx... 12 ■—--,-
Cal B D<bTColo7%llo Nevada — —
FlrstNaiioni. — 180 Sather B Co. , - —
8AVINO" BANK STOCK"*.
HerS&LCo. — 1265 ISav&Loan.. _ 100
Humb3<fcL.Uoo 1460 Security — 276
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust. 7 50 —
ti-SavLuioa — 480
6TBKET K*ll,Ro\r> «=T">-~ ; <-
Call fornla... 106 107 Oak «L»tUar — 100
Geary-su — SO Presidio 0 , — -•
Market-si.. *2% — |Sutter-»t - —
IUV.IHK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — lGlantCon.... 18% 18%
Kastern D... 70 — Jndson D.... — —
California,... 50 — K'lgoriu - 90c
MISCELLANKOUS STOCK*.
Alaska piers. 92 — NatVlnCo.. — _
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
(al 001 Mills — — I'acAnxt'A 1 — ;'
Edison L!ghtU6 1161/4 I'acHoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roil Mill - —
Lead Co. 80 100 Part Paintco 6% 7V<
HawC<fcSCo_ ISS/k. 15 PacTr<usCo. — 24
nutch S 18% 19% I'ac TAT Co. 70 -
MerExAssn.loo 110 -tinsel 1 I. 41 — -
MElecLhjhs — 4%|United UUo. — 26
BALKS— MOBM.V • btlll.J4
Board—
s') Ilutchineon 8 P Co 19 00
$1000 Los Angeles Light Bonds 95 00
$1000 Markei-sl Ky Con 1% Bond.* 101 75
6 s y i-aslight 90 76
12 SV Water ; -7 50
$<000 S P Branch Railway Bonds 98 25
j $15,000 0 S i% (new) Bonds. 116 12%
Mrefi —
40 Edison Light <fe Power Co 116 00
SAI.tB — irTKUSiIiIV aCSStO*.
Board —
35 Edison Light & Power Co 116 00
10 s V Water 97 50
$10,000 C S 4% (new) Bond*. 116 76
ftobVoakland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 75
* 4000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 75
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ope*
nntl! 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until eo'cloeX.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:SO o'rlnclc
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
YEKBA BUENA LODGE 6p'T v
i e*~-» > Perfection No. I— Regular meeting XT
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, September A
11, at 8 o'clock. D. 5. Vov
GEO. J. HOBF, Secretary. **^ '
_^sj=» K. R. B. RIFLES, ATTENTION— YOU 11
m*& are hereby notified to assemble at your
hall SUNDAY MORNING, the 13th Inst, atM
1 9:30 sharp, without fail, for the purpose of atj_
tending our annual picnic to be held at bhell
Mound Park.
JK5p. REPUBLICANS. ATTENTION! THE
•-*' official Republican club of the 30th District
will meet at Pythian lastle, 909 Market st., to-
night at 8 o'clock : good music and speakers. All are
invited. By order,
H. J. JACKSON JR.. President.
T. L. Doras-. Secretary.
- ' SPECIAL notices.
I^^^o^ukl^inTTisessTon oTthe" s tate
*^-^ Spiritualist convention will be held in
Loring Hall, cor. of Clay and Eleventh sts.. SUN-
DAY, 13th at -i-.m and 7:30 p. m. Addresses by
. on. H. D. Barrett of Washington. D. C, W. J.
Colvllle, Madam Montague and other prominent
speakers and mediums. All visiting and home
delegates and public are cordially invited.
Et^s= DR. H. T. JONES, OCULIST AND
•"^■V Jurist, just returned from the European
hospitals, has resumed practice at 222 Post ml
CCS* BAD TENANTS HJKCTbD FoH 94-
-!•»*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montttv st.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
lt^E=* BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
l*"^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market sU
EPS 3 DRI ALBERT ABRAMS HAS RE-
*-*' moved his offices to 784 Geary at.
B^2y=> GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
f*-*^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate live.
_3? DX. ALFRED EICHLER HAS rT>
• — turned from abroad and resumed practice a
517 Jones au
»SjS» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED to
*^-* y Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
_T_»r« DR.G. E.SUSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
»>**■ his offices to 22»/2 Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
T ADIES REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
J-J and reliable help In any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to C R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary 3 1.
THIRST-CLASS GERM AN COOK DESIRES SIT-
X uation In American family; young a d strong-
best reference. MISS CULLEN. 333 Sntter st.
VI Rs. M.- JOHNSTON, «96 MARKET: ONLY
-I'l first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
ELIABLE WOMAN (PROTKSTANT) DE-
dlres a situation to do general housework, or
would do chamberwork where sue can have girl
10 years-old; references given; city or country.
Call for 2 days or address 43 Mxtb st., room 54.
top floor. ■■
MKRICAN WIDO»V LOOKS FOR POSl-
tlon for doing sewing and mending for gents-
-1 Iso housekeeping or work In lodging-house. Call
at 816 Vii Mission aU, room 3. • ■ ■
THIRST - CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD
X I work by the day; fit guaranteed; reasonable.
44 Sixth si., room 46.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day or week; references. Address C. A.. 3031
Pine St.
SITUATION BY COMPETENT NURSE; CAN
take care of baby from its infancy; good refer-
ences. Please call or address 4044 1 wenty-aixth.
RESSMAKER, GOOD CUTTER AND FIT-
XJ ter, wishes work in family; terms $1 a day
and lunch. Address B. 1., box 90, ibis office.
EFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKK POSI-
-1:1111 as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's :ami y. Room 13, 1 Flftn sl
YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
X traveling companion. Apply, at 706 Ellis st.,
room 6, second floor.
SWEDISH GIRL WUsHi-.S SITUATION TO DO
general housework; cefereuces. 510 Stockton.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
Wan^d^Tby^~competT.nt young
woman position as maid, second work, wait-
ing, or nursery governess. Call 305 Jones st-, after
9 o'clock.
FRENCH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day; general housework and sewing at home,
cc. Address or can M. HERTIN. 1712 Dupont.
■yoUNG LADY WISHES POSITION IN
X small American family: is good cook; refer-
encea given. 1436 Stelner st. -' ■ ' ■
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY WISHES
to get a lew hours' work from 8 a. it. till 1
P. U. Apply 2211% Po-vell St. _ .
T)ELIA BLE GIRL WISH ES TO DO GENERAL
XV housework; is a first-c ass cook. 51% Clem-
entina si., bet. First and Second. \ .
r OUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A SITUA-
X tion to ao general housework or as laundress.
Call or address 122 Eighth st
pOMPETENT COOK WISHES A SITUATION
\J to do housework: no objection to short dls-
tance In country. 246 Fourth sU, room 6.
p OOD COOK, EXPERIENCED IN REST.* U-
VJ rant and boarding-house, wishes a situation.
-'46 l-ounli st., room 5.
W" O.MAN DhSlllEsTO GET WASHING AND
» 1 Ironing by the day. Please call or address 874
Howard at.
"l ADY THOROUGHLY COMPETENT TO
X J make boys' clothing would like a few more en-
gagements. Call or address 619 Octavia st.
WEDISH woman with LITTLE GIRL
0 would like situation as cook or houseKeeper;
country preferred. Call or address 989 Howard St.
V OUNO GIRL (SWISS-GERMAN) WiSHES A
X situation in private family to do general house-
worK: good seamstress. Call or add. 709 Mission.
\M IDDLE-AOED AMERICAN WIDOW
iTJ wishes situation as chambermaid, working
housekeeper or companion; is experienced; good
references. Address, or call between 12 and 2, 106
Taylor st., room 1. •
ELIABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
upstairs or second work; good references. Call
or address 120 Eighth St., near Minna.
I ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
-i Keeper for widow. 223 Post at., room 1.
VY r OMAN. TO GO OUT BY THE DAY ; WASH-
t» ing, housedeauing or ironing. Apply In base-
ment. 829 Hayes St.. near Fillmore. __^
Of ANl>n LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
0 housekeeper for a gentleman: no objection 10
abort distance in country. Please call 217 Second.
"EXPERIENCED IN FAN IV NURSE D&
XJ sires api s.t.on; good reierences. Call or ad-
dress 70U Kudy st. • •/■; •*;
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL DESIRES A SITU-
kJ atlontodo housework or upstairs work. Please
call tit 2900 Twenty-first st, corner Hani son.
\' oung AMERICAN WOMAN— WORK BY
X the day: is a good lan r. dress and do any kind
of housework. Address D. G.. box 75, Call Office.
\'OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tlon in private family to do second work and
take care of children. Inquire at 207 Montgomery
avenue, New Atlantic Hotel. : C > ,
ELDERLY' GERMAN LADY WANTS POSI-
t ion as housekeeper: is first-class cook; refer-
ence. Address F. p., box 6, Call Office.
EASTERN WOMAN OF 35, FIRST-CLASS"
housekeeper, wishes work; no objection to
widower's family or the country. Address MRS.
M.. box 76, Call Office.
Vl ' O.MAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
*' washing or bousecleaniug. Address or call
322 Third st.. rm. 22.
T> EFINED AMERICAN WIDOW WOULD
-ll> like position as housekeeper in lodging-house
or widower's family. Address W., box 75. Call.
EFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
situation: loves children: talks English and
tome French; references. L. G., box 119, CalL
ArOUNG EASTERN LADY, GOOD SEAM-
X stress, wishes plain sewing to do. Call from 1
to Bp. m., 25 inth st., room 22, second floor.
■yoUNO, RKFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow ui-s res position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 .Market st.. room 19, second floor.
, "< ERMAN GIRL OF 17 WANTS SITUATION
\J to do light housework or take care of child.
Please call at 40.) l.yon st.. near Hayes.
p ENTS'- SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
VJ embroidered to order. Room 4. 1007 Market.
LADY OF REFINEMENT, POSSESSING ALL
the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge of medicine, desires a
position in that capacity with an invalid; no re-
numeration but comfortable home: city or couu-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
EXPERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
aires employment In daily or weekly newsna-
per office; city or country: can assist "in job de-
partment; also proo -re.'ding: wages payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82. Call office.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER WISHES TO
" take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house:
city or country: reference. Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Office.
\1 iNctiK* . Eii house. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c tt $1 50 per night:
51 60 to*6 per week; convenient and respectable:
<re» (ids ami baggage to anil from the If-rrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED— BIALE.
r s£N V X73oTriio'oEA^F^TTrFUß^
* >• nlsh on short notice miners, mlllmen, me-
chanics and laborers for all kinds of work. Wire,
mail or phone us your orders. Telephone Grant
UNTKK & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
MM employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sntter st. ; teL Grant 30.
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
./help; tel. Main 1P97. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
1 'HINESK. AM) JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V ' office: best help. il A' 2 O'Farrell: lei J- . 4.'3.
LDERLY MAN, USED TO KITCHEN- WORK,
Jlj would like to have position as vegetable-
or do some other kind of light work for bis living.
Please call P. 11. SCHDLTZ. 227 Minna st.. be-
tween Third and Fourth.H
p k pJman AND WIFE WANT POSITION
VJ take care ranch or private place near city;
understands farming and carpentering; wages no
objec; references. Address G. W.. box 102, Call.
BLACKSMITH (GERMAN) WISHES A JOB
X> horse-shoeing and general work; city or coun-
try. Call or udiress 203 Clara bu .: ; • -
rniJIRD-HAND BAKER WANTS WORK.
1 Call or address 2019 Mission St. ; .
\l' A NTED— BY A STEADY AND RELIABLE
tt man (American), position In store, wholesale
house or any kind of day work. .""., box 150. Call.
YOUNG man, experienced in kook-
X keeping, shorthand and tppewrltlng, desires a
situation: no objection to country. Address G. L..
box 23. Call. .
Situation wanted by competent, he-
O liable man as traveling companion or waiting
on camping partita; Is s eady and trustworthy;
speaks English and Spanish. Call or address RO-
MAN LUCEO. 1416 Powell sU .
YOUNG MAN SEEKS POSITION IN PRI-
X vate family to care for horses, garden, etc.: ref-
erences: wages moderate. Address P. P., box 105,
tail Office.
situation wanted by young man IN
O private family ; know* the care of horses, gar-
den, cows. etc. Address CHARLES G. HANSEN,
box 87, this office. •-■„
i CTIVK AND TEMPERATE MAN, 60
tV years of age, wants to cook in private family
or work about, help in kitchen, etc. Address W.
C. box 7, Call Office.
V BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
noons and evenings: reasonable. Address
A. 8., box 20, Call Office.
EXPERIENC-.D CLERK WITH BEST REF-
erences wishes situation In some line; nominal
salary expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st.
YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS GAR-
X dener or as coachman; good reference. Apply
GEORGE WOLLAB, 136 Julian aye.
UOSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
-«- by stead}-, sober young German; thoroughly
understands care of fine hor.ies and flower garden:
Is willing and obliging; first-class references. Ad-
dress S. P.. box 66, Call fflce.
ituation wanted for a first-class
iJ carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to woric. Address D., 1060 Howard st.
INCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric Jlghta In every room: 200
rooms; 23c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free boa an. I baggage to and from the ferry.
(COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V. engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dreas Engineer, 1189 Market bU. S. F., Cal.
\\f J-NCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 20!)
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to 88 per
week: free bus and baggage to »nil from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, OAKLAND, $26: WILLOWS, $25; 12
housework girls, city and country. $20 and $26;
6 young girls, aa^ist, flO to $15. MISS CULLEN,
i>23 sutter at. '
I ) EFINED YOUNG NURSEGIRL TO MIND
Jt child; $10; Redwood City. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter at. ,
RESTAURANT COOK, $25 TO $30: WAI-
XV tress, same place, $16. ■ HISS CULLEN, 323
butter st.
YY'AITRESS: $20; GOOD PLACE. MISS
* T. CULLEN. 323 Sntter st. . ■ ■■ -
TVTEAT. RKFINED GIRL: LIGHT HOUBE-
work; $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sotterst.
VUHSE AND SEAMSTRESS: ONE CHILD:
■11 $20. M ISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
TV EAT NURSE, 2 CHILDREN, 4 AND 8
-*- 1 years: $16 to s2o. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
pOOK, $30; LAUNDRESS. $25: SECOND
,V,?'. ' $25: 2 neat second girls, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 323 :>utteraU • - ■
nooK, BOARDING-HOUSE; $35. MISS CUL-
\) LEN. 323 suuer st. .
p^OVERNEsS; $25. MISS CULLEN', 323 BUT-
*T tersL
EAT, REFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL
-1-* and sew; $20. ■ MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st.
■\V A O FIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK,
" $35; German nursery governess. $25; Prot-
estant waitress ami parlormaid, country, $25;
waitress, city, $20; chambermaid and seamstress,
$20: German, second. $20: French clrls for house-
work, $20 and $25: Swedish girl, housework, $25.
Lfc.ON ANDRE, 315 Stockton St. :
lmrst-class~tailoress WANTED. AP-
X I ply BOWHAY, 604 Sutler au
HELP ."WANTED— Continued.
I XT ANTE D— LAUNDRESS, $25: CHAMBER^
'» maid and laundrass, $35: waitress and
laundress. $25: chambermaid and waitress, $18:
2 waitresses, same hotel, country. $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses, $15; girl for housework, 3 in
family, $25, fare paid, see lady here: ; second giri,
country: girls for housework, city and country,
$25, $20. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110
Geary st.
YY* ANTED— SWEDISH OR DANISH GIRL
' 'for housework ; family of 2: no washing; $16.
<• it Ha\>ex CO.. nil Geary aU
IV A..1 D— NUMBER OF (iIK TO ASSIST
"lo. housework; $10 and $12: city or country.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
YY7 ANTED— 4O GIRLS AND WOMEN FOR
tt cooKine, housework, second work, etc.: $15,
$20 and $26. MURRAY i READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 684-636 Clay st.
pJRL FOR SECOND- WORK; COUNTRY;
$15; fare paid; good place: call early. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
X WAITRESSES, $15 AND ROOM; LUNCH
*' waitress; chambermaid and wait some, $16 and
room: waitress for Newman. Cal.; German girl
for Alameda. $20, call early: girl for Union st.,
|15: girl for Beikeley. $20: girl for Fifteenth St..
f^O: 17 housegirla,sl6: 11 young girls, $8. $10
and $12 per month, assist, etc MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
COOK AND BECOND UIRL, NAME HOUSE,
/ country, $25, $15; cook, city. $25; 6 girls,
housework, city and country. $20," $15- cook and
second girl, same house, city, $20 $15: and many
others. German Employment Office, 30b Mason.
COOK AND LAUNDRESS, $25: 8 GIRLS FOR
nL housework: wages $12 to $20. MRS. HIRD,
721 Ellis st.
LL I ADY ARTISTS SHOULD ACT UPON
announcement published to-day n help
wanted columns dedicated to the opposite sex by
applying tor free Illustrated prospectus to the In-
ternational Art Exhibition, Grand Central Palace,
New York City. 7
YY^ ANTED— LADY OF good ap-
tt pearauceand capab eto make money in the
country; pianist and without lncnmbrance pre-
ferred. Address Y. L.. box 22, Call Office.
ANTED— A YOUNG LADY TO ACT AS
tt manager in local office; must furnish first-
claaa references. Address C, box 57. Call / Office.
COMPETENT BKIRTMAKER WANTED;
\J none other need apply ; wages $10 to $15 per
week. 504 Suiter St.
-VPiiKIENCED HANDS ON LADIES'
waists and wrappers; steady employ menu S.
STEUER. 126 Eighth St.
ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
tt work; $15. 910 a DeviaaUero st., near Mc-
A Ulster. , r ,•;•-.;-'
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHERS AND
apprentice*: custom vest. 509 Kearny St.,
room 2. 7^:, *
WOMAN to DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND
'* help attend 2 small children. 10l4y a Pacific.
p IRL TAKE OF BABY 1 YEAR OLD;
VJ must sleep home. 22 Vi Page st.
i^OUNG WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
-i borne; $10. 812 Taylor st.
"V'OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 1019 1 air Oakast. , ■
AMERICAN GIRU OF 17, ASSIST HOUSE-
J\. wort : $8. 1430 Turk st.
QOAT-FINIsiIERSr 541 MARKET ST.
rpAILORESS UNDERSTANDS OPERATING
Xon coats. 527 Natoma st.
EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
-i-^i housework; small family; Btoll a. m. 817
Scott st.
"VTOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
X and to mind children: wages $8. Call 438
Fifth st.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. Southwest corner of Webster and Ellis.
TAILORED; FINIsHER ON FINE PANTS.
X 736 Minna st. ■' .: • - r ; >
ADIEBTO LEARN HAIRDRESSING, MAN-
Icurinc, beaut culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 PostsU
"YOUNG- GERMAN GIRL 15 TO 16 YEARS
X old for light housework. Call at 10. 463^ Jessie.
AIR-DuES£JING: MANICURING LEs.soNS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell au, 1059t1i.
WANTED— A FIRsT-CLASS OPK-
»" rator on corsets: high wages: Singer sewing-
machine used; run by electric nower. 1388 Market.
OPERA! ORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSHIRTS
;and underwear.' LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 Va
Fremont st.
Rt-SSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
for families; waist and skirt hands for shops;
positions free. WELL'S school, 636 Market.
HAIRDRESMNC*. 250 AND 36c. MOK.MNU
and ove classes: 101esm>ns.$l 60. 1248 Mission.
LUVN'N'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X I days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third et.. near Market-
LOO rooms; L'sc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8
r v.c» I: -. iree 'bus and 1-aggaje <oan;l from ffrrv.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— 40 MEN AITD^iITRONG BOYS
to pull beims for large ranch near city, re- ,
duced fare, office fee $1; 20 men to pick crapes;
man to take contract picking grapes; 2 miners.
$52: buttermaker, good place. $30; 50 men
women and children to pick hops in Alameda
County, tents on the ground, pickers can camp out
or eat at boarding-house, fare $1, fees 50 cents; ,
young man for stock ranch to help break cots. '
$20, found: experienced youn< man for wine
cellar In country, $26 to $30 and found; field boss
for large vineyard, must understand vineyard
work and handling of men, $40 and found and
steady job: cooks, wai era and 60 others, W. D.
EWER »fc CO., 6-6 Clay st.
90 ITALIANS TO PICK GRAPES AND
—V work In wine cellars; $20 and found: no ;
Sunday work: fares reduced. MURRAY & J
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. -
OK SAILORS to PICK GRAPES AND work
<—*J in wine-cellars and packing-houses: $20 and :
found; no Sunday work. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
1 i\(\ GRAPE- PICKKKS For DIFFERENT
1 \J\3 vineyards; 6 farmers. $20; 6 ranch team-
sters. $20; 6 ditch-diggers. $16; 5 men to pick
prunes. MURRAY A I».Ea!-V, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 0.6 Clay .st.
q CARPENTERS; 20 HAMMERMEN and
O drillers: 6 teamsters, city, $26 ana found; 6
cooks, $25, $35. $40 and $50; 2 second ba kers,
$25; 7 waiters, «25 and $30; 3 dishwashers, $15,
$20. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Cay st.
== " 350- =
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,-
dry and box raisins, work In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $20 to $23 per month and found;
this job is for a large banKing syndicate: 3 months'
Job; call at once: fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY <fe READY, Leading Employment A; ems,
63* and 636 Clay st. ■
Of) LABORERS FOR A WINE-CELL Alt, $20
±-\J and found; 10 men for a packing-bouse, $20
and found; choreboy for a ranch, $6. MURRAY
«fc READY', Leading Employment Agents, 634 !
and 606 Clay st.
Vt, ANTED— SECOND BUTLER, $40; WAIT.
tt er, plain hotel, $25; young man to learn
waiting, $15; French boy for boarding-house.
$15: assistant confectioner, $20; Japanese coo*.
$4 a week: choreman, $10: etc. LEON ANDRE,
316 Stockton st.
Ii ARM*; X AND WIFE, *35, SEE PARTY
S. here: farmer und wife, $30: bntterm aker, who
can run separator, for a creamery, country; stable
man, private stable, country, $20. C. R. HAN
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. • ■
SECOND COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $36;
0 second cook, country hotel. $80: bellboy, with
first-class reierences, $'25; bedmaker. country
hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary si.
\\T ANTED —OX TEAMSTER, $60 AND
»' founl; woodchoppers, $1 to $1 75cord; chore-
man, private family, $15 and found; laborers and
teamsters for country, $1 day and board ; cook for
men, $40; restaurant coots. $30; boarding-house
cook, $30; waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROBKTT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER, $30 AND ROOM. CALL EARLY;
TT lunch cook, $8 a week; dishwasher, ,$6 a
week; waiter, $15 and room; waiter, $4 a week;
waiter. $8 a week; waiter, $5 a week: pastry
cook and help on the range; day cook, $8 a week;
night cook, $8 a week; Japanese lor pantry work:
elderly man for light work; dishwasher $15 and
room. MA R T I N 'S. 749 Market st.
 I l lii.APM'l' K. KS. We PER TON; 4
*-v* machine : miners, $3 a day; waiter, country
hotel, $20; Spanish waiter, $25: ranch cook, $10:
Charles Servaa, the cook, please call. B.T. WARD
A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
\\r ANTED— MAN Tfs CANVASS, ONLY
» » wholesale trade, with the fastest seller: comi-
cal lapel buttons: now the rage; can be sold
everywhere; b'g profit. Address now, M.
ERNST, Manufacturer, Cleveland, Ohio.
RAY— SOME ONE WITH $500 WANTED
to Join advertiser, a pushing young man, In
placing Cathode Ray exhibit on road; large profits.
Only reputab eneed address ROENTGEN, box 9,
Call Office, Oakland. .. .
ANTED— IOO HANDSOME MEN FOR PRO-
»' ductlonof "Ours": must be 6 feet tall. Ap-
ply to stage manager Alcazar Theater, Friday,
9 A.M.
\\f ANTED— AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
■» for a domestic department'; none othf rs need
apply. 623 Market s  room 7, bet. 3:30 and 0 p. m.
/CABINETMAKER .ON WOOD MANTELS.
\J VAN WART, Hausen's Mill, King sU, bet.
Third and Fourth. .... •
\V" ANTED— A MAN WITH BRAINS TO
* » solicit for photographer in tb* view business.
E. B. M. it CO.. box l, • all Office, Oakland. - .
"PHOTOGRAPHER WANTED: VIEW MAN
.1 prefened; must be a rustler and single man.
a: M., box 5. Call Office. Oakland. _ ■..-. •-■-;-
Experienced operators ON LADIES'
-Cj custom tailoring. M. J. KELLER COMPANY,
Oakland. ■ ' .
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday; must be experienced man; no other.
241 Third st. ■: : ■ . . . - '
TTaRBER WITH 1 OR 2 YKAKS' EXPERI-
X> ence; of good habits. At 1659 V* Mission su -.
|)AKBER FOR SATURDAY ; , WAGES $3.
I > 1630 Mission st. ,;.:
W ANTED— BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
»T Sunday; steaay job.- 509 Castro st.
WANTED— BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
tt Sunday. 1356 Market st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS JOBBER^ MIIST 1 UNDER-
staud tinning. CG. STUHR. 1332 Churcn st.
AN THAT UNDERSTANDS PO. LTItY
_ and do some cooking. Call 512 Haight st.
WANTED— AT ONCE, FTKST-CLASS FRES-
■ o painter. F., box 80, Cal< Office.
L IRST - CLASS PAPKRH ANGER AND
J. painter. Apply 14 Third sU, saloon.
IjUTLER OK WAITER FOR Al DRESS !
J ' suit. Call 520 Geary si.
OOD BREAD-BAKER wanted, B. d..
box 73, Call Office.
OY— AT 2000 CENTRAL AYE., CORNER
XJ Sacramento st.
WANTED— SMALL BOY FOR A PICTURE-
Tt store; wages $3 a week. JONES, 647 Mission.
(1 OOD BOOTBLACK. 1048 MCALLISTER,
I Call after 2 p. if. ;
pOOK AT NORTH BEACH HOTEL, CORNER
\J Bay and Mason st. t
DISH WASHER WANTED. CALL AT 37
XJ Eddy at.
\\~ AN T ED— PANTS PRESSMAN; 641
TV Market st. >.-.-';■ {- ■;»
OY TO LEARN GARDENING. 2725 HOW"
ard st. •
IRST - CLASS WAITER WANTED. 16
Stockton st.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh at.
I>ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ mem secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
AKBERfi— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
I> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant aye.
ARBER SHOP.— 2 CHAIRS; 15c: GOOD
business; rent $10: opp.carhouse. 1310 Castro-
TiARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
XJ rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
IVT ANTED— A MAN WHO CAN TEACH HOW
• » to make a fine cigar. 328 Bush St., room 4.
Q AII.ORS WANTED AT LANE'S. 504 DAVIS
O street.
ARBER-SHOP TO LET COMPLETE. IF
ply 505 Clay st. ■
STEAKS, CHOPS. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 6
cents. 635 Clay St., Big Yellow Front.
HV" AN TED— AN IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
»T some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA AND OTHER
O ports. 10 .Steuart at., upstairs.
W ANTED— FOR THE UNITED S 1 A . K.-J
"" Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducementa; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
V\: ANTED-PLAIN, STEADY MAN To AS-
»» slst in handling cash, etc .in genteel business:
must have $150 cash and be satisfied with $75 per
month. 873% Market St., room 1.
\\r ANTED— S-AMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
'' St.. California House.
WE WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
» » and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., 8. F.
YY' ANTED- ME:: TO Li,A«.N BARBER
«» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
X^l 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 1 5c to
Soc;week $1 tos2 60 ;readlng- room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
WANTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
TT $1 weeK, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosed ale.
>-N'S HALF-SOLING, 50c; LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F-
OOMs 150 'lo 76c PER NIGHT: 600 TO »1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm «.
C CLOSING OUT NKW AND SECOND-HAND
) shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard st.
Uf ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
" boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes 10 order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726y 3 Howard st.. bet. Third and i-ourth
\k[ INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
rnRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
> ' eta.; single lurnislied rms 75c week, 16c night.
B.— REIuOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay: bottle wine or beer with hotlnnch. sc.
If in MEN To TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
X \'\J and 20c a night. Including coflau and rolls,
624 Washington si., near Kearny.
EST US" CITY- -SING" B ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. Cl 60 per week.
Pacific bouse. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
V*,' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, Etill runs Denver House, 217 Third si; 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per ween.
\\r ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
if v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
read lnc- room-, dally papers. 36 Clay au
> 1 EN TO i'jiEli •MANHATTAN siOCK FOOD;
■1' I all grocers keep it.
W' ANTED, COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR I
ers<bclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler I
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
"» your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladles' soleing, nailed 35c.: men's i
soleing, nailed 50c.; machine-sewed 75c; hand-
sewed 65c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at !
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
SL' 50. 56-' Mission St.. beu First and second.
AGENTS WANTED. ~~
p HILLS .AND FEVER CURED IN H ALP "a
\J day without quinine: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. A. CHARLTON. Kelseyvllle, Cal.
GENTS; BIG MONEY; LATEST PROPOSI-
tIon. Baxter 1 ortrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
AGENTS — '-PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chlef of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
F. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St.
~X\T ANTED— OK GENTLEMAN TO
. '• travel and appoint local agents: references;
$65 and expenses. Box 770. San Jose.
, ROOMS WANTED.
ONE LAROE^R^oIiiTi : U~R^IsTS^D7INALA^ I
meda or Oakland, or 2 small: state price. Ad-
dress R. A., box 19, Call.
TADY ARTIST WOULD GIVE LESSONB TO
j 20r3 in exchange for a home or board. Ad-
dress C L., box 9, this office. :,,• -.
NFUKNISHED ROOM; HOUSEKEEPING} j
U lady. 2 children. R-. box 21. this office. |
PROPERTY. WANTED.
"PROPKRTY WANT E rT^SOO^AC'REB OR
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock price; state full partic-
ulars. T. C. box 97. Call Office.
wanted-biisce^llaneous.
BICYCLE WANTED—FINK light" mX
chine in good order. 516 Geary st.
W ANTED— TO BUY WINK AT A BARGAIN.
TT 533 Sacramento st.
ECOND-HAND MORTAR FOR 5- STAMP
O mill. FRANK DREW, 114 First st.
LD GOLD AND SiLVER BOUGHT: JEWEL- i
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. send postal. ,
EDUCATIONAL. ~~— — -
F^^ItE^TC^^L^S^O^?sr~PARISIAN ACCENT* '
$2 month: also singing and piano taught. 109
Taylor St., room 7.
KETCHING from nature— now
forming; lessons in painting and etching: studio
or pupil's residence. J. M. GRIFFIN, 237 Tweltth
avenue.
ISS E. L. BREEN, MANDOLIN TEACHER-
Italian method; terms low. 131 Post st.
room 24: elevator. ■ •
SPANISH,FRENCH,ETC.;Prof.DE FILIPPE'S
Academy of Langnagea.32o Poat at :estab'd 1871
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery st. ; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy etc-
life scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo!
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college. 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
AL.uA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDO-IN BA \"
jo. 405 Geary. Rm. 17: thorough inst ruction
OOKKPNU. WKITKo; AKITUMTCGR A .Ut
day.fcni.-nt;nopl»saes< ■. $5 month. 845 Mtaalon
PROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIO_IN, MANDOLIN
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary .nr. Powll!
T ADY FROM- LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-"
■Ltes plano,slnglng.French:s3 mo. R.14. 100 a Polk
VI R. & MRS. KOL\NLER. TEACHERS MAN
■lYldoUn, gnltar. banjo. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason
K^ASCO 1 .-. LYCEUM SCjlOuL OF ACTlNti-
■^ssay^iitab. 64. VAN Dh__An^. EN, WM *£.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OK
1 violin guitar, mandolin, ■ ., lB fq 3707 f Mark"f
~~ PHYSICIANS. ~~
T^RTc. C~ O'DONNELL, 1206T*ARKEt" nns"
XJ Golden Gate aye. ; disease, of women a £&{.?£
JJON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
me worn caaea treated satisfactorily by mall.
TYPEWRITERS.
C^ i 0 .^ 1111 ' '• 1 "STREMINcrfo^Ci3fri3COTT
&BANNAN, 333 Montgomery sL a^ UAI
PERSONALS. -V
■\ f iss helejThaTden will'ta lk upon
1»1 the subject of Convent Life and Catholic
Prison Life, on next Saturday evening, Sept. 12;
third floor of Pythian Castle, 909 Market st.
A/1 YRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS-
JVJ manicuring, hairdressing. 1362 a Market st.
room 8. -
ATEST STYLE IN HAIRPRESSING 25c,
J at Up.to-Date Parlors, 850 Market st, room.
14. Lessons given; mom ing and evening classes.
NX BILLIA~RI\ ONE COMBINATION, ONE
pool table, one bookmaker's wheel, one Aus-
tralian banking wheel, all as good as new, for sale
cheap. 129 o'l-a rell st.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
•J\. cialtv; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWK,atty-at-law. 850 .Marketst.
ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
nesiat 14 Me.v lister, Km*. 45-46: ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order ;flt guaranteed ;low prices
ADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORs;
O manicuring: hairdressing. 865% Market, r. 12.
(IUUA-YOU CAN GO TO MR. LEDEREH'S
\J now without hnving to wait so long to get your
hair dressed. He has enlarged his parlors and put
In more peopl", bui bis price la the same, 23c. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
T ADY (STRANGER) DESIRES GENTLE-
XJ man partner; $26 capital. R. 2. 12. Post st.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
• male order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices: fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432, S. F., Cal.
<3JM PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
tC^t WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22% Geary atreeu
THE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
TRUNKS DELIVER 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 57.
"pARTINGTON'S~SCHOOL~~OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertruda
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
ALL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc#rs, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINES
edgepntonrazor.26c. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
DlliUlTDUOli STr.REOPTICON SHOW KVK-
J-> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of but*
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms, 260 to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 pet
weelt ; free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JJ£W«
J elry, etc. : lowest rates. V4K Market st.
L.D GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. t'OLMAN. 41 So. cor. Je<<*l«.
DRESSMAKERS.
_^^i^eTrTl?t^3r^s^TmXde^or oss0 $5
"lU3 up; dresses made over; patterns cat to
order.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st, above Sixth.
STYLISH BUITS. S3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
, L fit guaranteed. 659% Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
(1 ITANA, THE GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST.;
T truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
ME. PORTER. wonderful clajrvoy-
ant, card- reader, born v.-iih a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'I uric st., nr. Jones.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission at.
VI ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 St., r. 5.
ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT, . PAST AND
future; 25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
pONCHITA, CARD READING; PAST, PRES-
\J ent, future. 821 Howard St., room 15.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VJ Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
RENOWNED GYPSY CARD-READER AND
IX palmist arrived; gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
\\ Mifi. MOP.EAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
i>l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howards:.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice : names given :25c up. 5 Fourth.
Vf ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
i-'X yrs Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE~FUTURIS'
J'l husband, wife; ladle* 25c, 50c. 934 O'Knrreli.
SPIRITUALISM. - .
V VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMK2II3
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 * UPWARD I FEE $1 & UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! '
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcatt
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth Uvin?!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/
thousands on this coast In the ten years pan. I]
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to asai.ic
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: ma
separated are united; the sick made strong: tha
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wi-a
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal!
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoei
not know what failure means I Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to, and no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most su>
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 <fc UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
rpHE CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALIST
X Association will give a grand concert, test
seance and dance at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter,
to-night. The world's wonder, Maud Frletag,
platform-test medium, Emma Sherwood. Prof.
Whitelow, Young's orchestra. Don't miss it. Ad-
mission 25 cents. No reserved seats.
RIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
X MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings Sun. Mon.
Thnrs. and Sat.; 7:30; cir. Tue.. Fri. 2 p. m.: slttys.
GEO. D. WINSLOW, TRANCE, TEST ME-
r dlum; Friday eve.: Sunday, 2p. v. 610 Ste-
venson 31.. corner Sixth.
AT 335 MCALLISTER ST.— TEST SEANCE, 8
p.m.; Mesdames He ndee Rogers and Wrenn.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
re«dlngs dally; time limited. 1016 Market st.
ROF. C. A. M ING OZ— LECTURE AND TEST
meeting, 1133 Mission st., every Friday night;
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAS-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 26c; 10 to 4 daily.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 p m.
HYPNOTISM.
H~ v Yi?Nt>TimM~A?frr'T?rAT~^^
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno.ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in its therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell St.
:.. '. LOST.
LOST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
•-avlngs and Loan Society 01 San Francisco in
the name of ROSE CORCORAN, No. 107425. The
finder will please return to bank.
I rpUESDAY, 9:30 A. M.. ON EAST-BOUND
X McAllister car, small back leather satchel con-
taining fishing tackle; suitable reward. 2127
I Broderick st.
I "V"ELLOW TERRIER IRISH BITCH: AS-
X swers to the name of r'lossie; license No. 1785;
reward._ Return St. Lawrence stables, Post it.
I OST— THE NI OF AUGUST 3, AT"
, J-i the Market-street ferry or on the Oakland boat
< or train (narrow gauge), a basket containing books
I and papers of the West Indian Benevolent Asso-
; ciation. Suitable reward will b9 paid for return of
; same to GEORGE CUTHBERT, 632 Market St.,
j 8. F.. room 26.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
! the name of JOHN DELKH ANT Y. No. 122,266.
: The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— SETT. 3 UULU WATCH CHARM, A.
O. F. No. 7556. Court Twin Peaks. Return to
; 1143 Market St.. t>et Seventh and -ighth.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
FRANKSHAY, ATTORN Y- A T-LA W. ROOM
421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
OHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
28 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Mala
1 76, San Francisco, Cal. ~- ■ . - ... -.-■''■ -
• JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHKR.
O attys a: law, rrns 515.516. it h tloor. t'arrott "'da.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS- ESTATE OF
IV SARAH L. ADDISON, deceased. Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALI ER*.
TILLM AN, administrator of the estate of SARAH
L. ADUISON. eased, to the creditors of. and
all persons having 1 laims against the said de-
! ceased, to exhibit them with tne necessary vouch-
ers, within four month* after the first publication
! of this notice, to the said administrator, WALTER
' F. TII.LMAN. at room 26, Crocker building, in
the city and county of San Franc:sto, the same- be-
ing his place lor the transaction of the business of
; the said estate in the ct:y and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California.
WALTER F. TlLLMAN, administrator of the
estate of SARAH L. ADDISON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 31, 1896.{^9000 ed, paying ljvery business; 10-
MiiV ili* t d> parinK I!ver - v business: line lo-
Jvl'l'Ji £ bt?R P rent, and any otic wishing to
engage in a business of this kind it will pay 10 in-
vestlgate. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 Cliy Hall aye.
fft'TOft J^TAUKAKT TAKIXi; IN $ OTO
«p 1 v/v/. $05 per (Jay; rent $40 uer month: the
nest restaurant business ever offered in San Fran-
? ?-°« J? r i" c mou "i ■; reason selling, sickness. T.
LLBELSKI.7 Cltv HaU aye. -
WANTED— GROCERY, GOOD LOCALITY
'lor customers: will pay $700 to $1000: half
rSL l T cc J tlt r for balance or take partner. T.
LUBfcLsKl, 7 City Hill aye.
7 00 ONK OF ' TH_ FINEST RESTAU-
hn.t« /* nUI in city; good location; doing
businesß of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
„ ars made ruoui-y. stand full investigation;
reason for s«llin«r, owner movinc into own prop-
win « a i* *? r one Wanting a business of this kind
win nnd ou inves'.iisation all that is claimed for It;
« ''• ls " rale c u»nce. T. LUBELSKI, 7 Uty HaU
$ 7 r>o CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM
lone- rent rlor . elegant locality; established
es? v<^f cn f*P= «'you see tbis piare it will inter-
tity Hall"i PByUIS welL T. LUBELSKI, 7
$2000 KIj ? OAXT^.WELL-ESTABLISHED
1 oroVnoV" .^'"S business; a rare chance for
show if t« K tlc ba * lneBB men: Investigation will
the nlnn^? be ni b ?. flnesl business ever cfEered for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SI 000 f" NTER IN" ELEGANT PAY-
theriVhV^* ln office business; a rare chance for
if »nn!Ji? an i the tulleBt investUation and trial
ot£«i » i : obJect for takln? partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Sh2fSo lJF v > ALOO\; MUST SELL;
777*Ma.rket buslnesa - BEYERS & GRAHAM.
55350 SALOON; RECEIPTS $15 DAILY;
■i-i 1 M\-Vo n c?l°5 a Jl itF . : fent'ow: sacrifice; must
BelL M\ ERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
$1000 GOOD - MAN TO TAKE HALF
It \U - if" in established brewery; well
o?^ P . d *?. d '." Kood P*y'ns condition : on account
or trowing business present owner cannot run it
alone. See MYERS & QKAHAM, 777 Market st.
$500 MANICURE, WIG-MAKIN.;, HAlK-
h£t iV ..". arlor: fiDe 6toclc and business:
best locality. MYERS & GRaHAM. 777 Market!
ftfSOO BUYS BAKERY WORTH $1000: IN
OOUU town of 20.000 people; fine wagon route:
prominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice: owner
retiring. See MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market.
VIECHANICS, ATTENTION! -$1000 WILL
«k^ . " % ii * firs"--class oid-established machine-
shop fully equipped for business; tin and sheetlroa
T^rt : « Kalvttn >zlnß. palvanizea iron, rollers for
goia concentrators, Bhlp tanWs and carburetters;
st wvtf; wo l ' plumblne «nd general jobbing.
See MYERs_ GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
,^BOO p A TERS. ATTENTION !-l WKIN-
Wright whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipments, including one horse. 3 sets
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
right to operate in the City and County of San
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
©400 K£ STAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
**f - 1 *- V* and bar; fine stock of liquor and uten-
bus: in the midst of the working class: fu'l mves-
tlgation. See MYERS A GRAHAM. 777 Market.
f^^OO RESTAURANT ON KEARNY ST.;
Si*L.» ' *«u»l value $1200; rent $50: owner
called East on account of sickness. ILKE. 531
California st,
l )\(\l) PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISH-
_ r"V *ed and good-paying barroom: only
nrst-class trade; straight bit bouse: rare chance
for the right man. WILKE & WOLF. 531 Cai. St.
•BtfiOO SALOON DOING LARGE BUSI-
»in ViVtV ness: one block from water front; rent
$50. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
<5900 BA LOON ON KEARNY ST.: GOOD
*- — V ,V' day and large night trade; great bar-
galn. WILKE, 531 Kearny sr.
©1 nx CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
*£>X I*J parlor: railroad station, Oakland: first-
class paying. WILKE A WoLF, 531 California.
flsl^OO CORNER BARROOM; LARGE
1® x*j\J\J patronage: kept by owner for 20
years; rents3s. WIIKE _ \VOLi-',SSI California.
fiiKAn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
%lF*jyj\J. living-rooms: rent $30; doin-r good
business: choice location. WILKE & WOLF, 531
California st.
©Q^ft COFFEE-SALOON, BAB a5Td
tii)*J%J\j. lunch-house, best location In this City
for that line of business; nicely lilted up; Hue
range: cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 per day:
cheap at $500. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market st.
<s;ftnn .NEWSPAPER FOR SALE; ONE OF
<dJ\J\J\J. the best small papers in this City: has
a circulation of about 400, and a large circle of
well-paying advertisers; business at present about
$50 per month, but can be largely increased, as
proprietor is seriously sick and cannot attend to
it. GEORGE -STEWART, 632 Market St.
SU 4Of I MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEGE-
vj) ~1 \J\J. table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands in town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up; trade averages $20 per day; strictly
cash: If you want a nice paying investment; see
th s. OEO. STEWART, 602 |Market st.
rPO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
*«s )f) GROCERY AND BAR: OLD ESTAB-
tfI OW. li.shed: cheap rent: crent bargain if sold
thl« week. See GPS STKAND. 45 Third St.
A LOO s AMONG FACTORIES WHERE 1 1 X-
O dr.-ds of men are employed: pays well: great
sacrifice this week. See PCs STRAND, 45 Third.
ARK CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FIRST-
■ class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe immediately. Apply to
GUS STRAND, 45 Third at. * >
1 f\l\ CIGAR-STAND; NORTH MA. KET;
IJ 1 \J\J. rent $15; snap. SKIFF. 921 Market st.
QQA/t PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR. ■
<Z)O\J\.J. Han Francisco: bakes 1V« barrels;
high-cla<>s trade: 5 living-rooms: stab e Trent $20;
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
Q 1 »>' BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
Vpi-^-^f. store; rent $15. SKIFF. 921 Market.
QjAfi HOME BAKERY; CLKARS
QttUU. month: rent $17. SKIFF. 9J I Market.
OTKL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brink, building, con-
taining 88 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block 3T
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to _ SILVIiBBEP.G, 321)
fcansome St.. room 39. ■ i»«SfiS
I'OF. SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
_" lisbed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a line day and nijjut trade; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for sell! nsr. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Office.
HE STOCK, FIXTURES AND TBADE-
X merk of the old Snake Drugstore will be sold
at public auction Sept. 12, 1896, at 10 o'clock a. v.,
at 804 Montgomery st For furihe/ 1 particulars
apply to N. FRANKLIN, Assignee, 410 Kearny.
I?iOR SALE-BUTCHER SHOP, SLAUGHTER-
-1 bouse, outbuildings, horses and wagons:' lo-
cated at San Pablo. Contra Costa County; will be
■old at auction or private safe. For particulars ad-
dress ROBERT THOMPSON, S» , bio. Cal.
TTT ANTED— PARTNER IN RESTAURANT
'» and chop house; 20c. meal*: goo I location:
bo opposition: must tend' the cash counter; good
wagea guaranteed; $100 capital required. Apply
1101 Folsom st.
QMALL CHICKEN RANCH AND COW FOR
0 sale, cheap: furnished 4-room house.and barn;
2 ucres in fruit trees; beautfful place. 776 E,
Thirty-fifth st.. East Oakland.
VOR SALK— A BARGAIN; GOOD (HANCB
X for the right party: a cyciery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 lierrv at., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
«iinn HALF INTEREST IN BUTCHER-
X\J\J. s'-op; good running order: horse aud
buggy Included; best chance offered. 632 Market
at., room 8.
ARfKN ■KR AND PA INT bHOP; OLD ES-
\J tablshed; selling on account of sickness: good
opportunity. Ap: ly A. SCHNAPKO, 364 Eleventh.
cfqirm" phcenix RESTAURANT, 2:80
*Z)O\J\J. Filimore st.: owner has "2 places: pan
cash; established 15 years; make offer; trial given.
MALL MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
cheap; In a market; '170 customers; no night
or Sunday work; doing good business. 110 Elili.
©wX AVERAGE WEi-kTy NET JIMUME
(ipOJ $250 invested: safe, conservative: prospec-
tus, proois, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. 1 .
» T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. « OWAX BUYS
j\ stores: negotiates mortgaeeson roerchandi«<>:
cells on commission. Room 15. 26 .Montgomery.
"PARTNER WITH small CAPITAL IN RES-
JTtanrant; splendid chance for right person. Call
for information, day or evening, at 254 Third st.
: ABGAIN: SALOON: BAR RECEIPIs> $15
' : to $18 dally: rent $20: new San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
QjQfjn SALOON: 15 BURNISHED LOOMS;
CO""- a complete home ana a gold mine. Ad-
dress A. HILLEBRAND. Vallejo.
<_9fin CORNER GROCERY; BAR; NEW
»J>^UV/ . goods: 4 rooms: Mission. Address
box Cm Sixteenth and Mission sis. '
Qfi A ' BARGAIN: FIN X SALOON ; TR ANS-
i<T)ij\}\J. fer place; tine stock liquors; cheap
rent. 805 Howard bt. •'.-.' .
VTEWSPAPER KOUTK IN INTERIOR CITY,
1 \ close to San Francisco. : For particulars apply
this office. -' ■. . ' ' " .-.:-.
■ <Si. ( J(\l\i\ FOR HALF INTEREST IN A MAN-'
•JSOUUU ufacturlng business. . 32 8 Bush st.,
room 4. - - .. *,- :
mine BUYS LAUNDRY; GOOD BUSINESS;
•j" 1~0 part cash; balance on time. 829 Valen-
cia st . . . ■ ' •-. ■ ' ;■■■
pABTNER WANTED— , OR $1200— IN
X good paying waterworks property. Box 90,Ca11.
M* ERCHANDISE STOCKS AN'dTiXTI
bought by J. C. MUTHER, 632 Mar- rm. 2. ]
T)AINTER— PARTNER ' wan. ED WITH
-I $200, in good shop. :E. T. C, box 75, Call.
lj>Oß LE— BAKERY AND FIXTURES;
x bake 1 bbl. flour. Apply 3160 Twenty-second.
pOOD CASH BUSINESS; APPLY. AT ONCE.'
UT. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED B*Y
lady of tome means. 1 Fifth bl, room 12.' ,
AIRY PRODUCE" STORE AND THREE
nice light rooms, for sale. 210 Twelfth st.
AYI o STATIONERY- STORE; MUST
sell; Invoice price; bargain. 113 Taylor st.
AIM V AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 LlV-
ing-rooms ; for sale cheap. ; 1008 Hyde st.
BUSINESS CHANCES- Continuert.
r\ ROCE'RY AND BAR: GOOD BUSINESS
VJ place: no opposition. Apply Call Office.
C COMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S SHOP, WITH
/ tools, cheap. 438 Turk su. near Larkin. '
PALACE SHOE STORE FOR SALE; BAR-
X gain. Address E. & AMES, Uklah, Cal.
GOOD, OLD ESTABLISHED " DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office-
STABLISHED GROCERY ■- BUSINESS!
cheap; 3 days only. 2859 Mission st.
Good. OLD-ESTABLISH D DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. 706 Howard st.
LADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN * A BTNER ;
Xj i|535 capital. 223 Post sU, room 1.
1 or-stoke; GOOD BUSINESS; RAKE
Xj chance: cheap. Apply Call Oflice.
hUTCHER .SHOP. WITH OK WITHOUT FIX-
X> tnre-s, rent;slB. 18 6 Howard st. .
A LOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. B^9
Howard st., bet Fourth and Fifth. ■
TT'OR FIRST-CLASS SALOON. APPLY
JH. HAAR, 114 O'Farrell St. ■ . .' ."■ ■
I? OH SALE CHEAP— DELICACY AND MEAT
' store. 407% Turk st.
HAY, GRAIN. WOOD AND COAL YARD.
1915 Mission st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"hOUSeTn^^
: LOS ANGELES
— ■ TO EXCHAN E
FOR ROOMING HOUSK IN THIS CITY
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER
Apply to H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st.
99 ROOMS; CONNER HOUSE: NEW...S 450
— — 1 ! 0 rooms; guarantee i tocl*;ar over $150. .3700
IS- room bouse On Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. c. DECKER «fc CO , 1020 Market
at, opposite Fi'th. '
9 /'-BOOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
OO kind of real estate. DECKER. 1020 Market.
1 '-ROOM HOUSE; 1 FI/ 'OK ALL OFFICES;
1 O only $450; must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market.
99 NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
*.'«& 16 rooms: clear'ng *50 ~. 250
i! 8 rooms: making money .' 475
130 room*; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 300
UN DERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st.
I^NELY FURNISHED HOUSES:~I2~TO "l3'i
rooms; $300 to $10,000. PHELPS& CO., 917
Larkin st. - . •
I ODGING-HOUSE 1 1 " ROOMS FOR SALE
J j cheap: no postals. 233 Third st.
I ODGING-HOU^K; 15 BOOM HKST PART
J^- city for workin«m^n; $25l pr cc $250. 544 6th.
Oil ?\(\ 7- BOOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
Ql OU. at., corner of Knth.
Q-KOOM LODGING-HOUSE; WELL FUR-
-0 nisliel; must sell. -Apnlv rail Office.
FIKMTIKE FOX SALE.
"T/7>TK^AinCl ' n -^~-^>
x Prices a;_ till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ",, , , $11
Bedlonnges 8 ')
Stoves «, 7.">)
Carpets, per yard ' 65
Linoleum, per yard .•.. 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building la erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting tmslueii
at SK. corner bevenih and Mi_iou at* /•
NOON AX. ■
ART FURNITURE: ALMOST NEW 7
X move. . F. D., box 21, this office.
Af\{\ CARPETS: CHXM BER SKTB. $14:
""" stoves, $5: parlor gets, B20; folding-beds,
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 784 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 ■ SIXTH. K,A
J\ lowest prices on household ( >o.l» uewor^jji
us new: ra«ti nrtl'n*". npen vri-'i •■> — :
FURNITURE WANTED.
f^FFfcEFURNITUKtr— \VILL PAY HIGHEST
v/ prlcas for second-hand office desks or take
them In part payment for new. GEORGE U.
FULLKR Dl-.SK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission St.
rpO SELL FURNITURK To ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVKR.ST.-.1X.969 Howard st. ;send postal
"OUCKINUHAM FUItMTUKK TJo. PAYS
X> highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. £66 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PiUCES FOR FUKNt-
X tare and merchandise) sec UUlil), -11 l.ark-.-i
TNDIANa AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' 11c. Co.. 1057 Mar,..:, pays chi'-i
CARPET CLEANING. "~
OKR AT W KB I EBN CAKPiiT
0 Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
ONES «fc CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 1061.
Ait PET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 3c. : HUH
KJ samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth St.
WHEN YOU BJ-.CO-vTk UI>OL"S.TKD WITH
» " poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 363-67 Tehama at. : tel. s>o \!
1 IuNKLiN'SCAKPKi' ihAll.Mi WOKi^a. jjj
\J Uolden Gate «ye. : telephone east 128.
/ ITY SIKA3I CAI'.I'KTCLEANIXU.RKNOVA-
V^ ting, Zti Bth. 'iaTKVKNa. imir. Tel south 'iiq
r^ARI'ISTS CLKANKD AND iiENOVATEO
\J Kke new. . FERGUSON & CO.. S3 Tenth: I —
fcocth 3«. d. Mackintosh &co.. — ccc—
"1 I'-. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN INU CO.. £I J
■I . 14th ff-.:Hr-nnln^ ac n van! Tel. Mission .'I.
__ _______ '
BICYCLES.
ttTglh^grade^ seT!o^?d^hanld~whe^ls
XX $25 up; sundries below cost. LU-MI-NUM.
216 McAllister.
<S>Q(\ A BARGAIN IN NEARLY NEW
<©OU. wheel; call 6 p. if. 406 Grove st.
EKY FiNE '9o BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
N. AWLEY, 318 Market st.
OWLER AND BEN HUB, $60: BEN HUB
X I tandem. Tribune tandem, gooJ as new, $100:
all above ' 96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
J BARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO
I > single wheels. 306 Post St.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
X best accommodations. Terminiu Geary,. M>
A ll later and Powell at. < ar lines.
FOX SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
T7>OR SALE, ACCOUNT DEPARTURE— I NEW
X! '96 Ohio lady bicyc c, 1 Rent's, 1 cabinet Sinit
I sewing-machine, most new; bargaii)s.t3l7 Third
s'.., room 2. , .
NE NEW BUSINESS BUGGY; MUaT BE
sold. 1202 Webster st.
t> NICE, FRESH. FAMILY COWS FOB SALE.
£ Apply 1116 Folsom St.
GREAT J>ANK~PUPS~FOR SALE; ALSO
talking parrot. 1201 Valencia at.
OA( I EGG RELIABLE INCUBATOR, BROOD-
—UI> er, yards.s3o. 2427 Dwight way, Berkeley.
UARS, HO W C A ?Kt), C< i V TEKH, HHELV .
XJ Ing, etc , bought and sold. 1063 > ission, nr. 7th.
CtOFFEE -vili, SCALES, lkttek pri-s-.
> stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 10:: Clay.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AN D RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan, Co., 61 First st.
Dear Mission. TfMSKHSMffIJB • : • ■
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPhWRITBR,
$46: others Sroai $20 op. REVALK, 409 CaL
OILERS, ENG A X D M ACHINEityT
■I' waterpipes. Mclntosh <fe Wolpmnn. 1 \il B^&Im,
/"' OU N i- t: KS. .-HELVING.' &HOWUA.'_
V^bara bongh". A sold. 1121% Markt.bet 7th M:n
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing; o;>en
evenings. S. i- 1 . Baby Carriage M f(t. Co. . 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
VJ pulleys, shafting, etc. - W. - L. bAJSFORD,
415 Washington at.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— cine; good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay st.
..UILDINUS BOUGHT: LUMBER. SASHEd
»' coon, mantels, eta, far sale. 11C6 Mission.
0*> X --AIAI.U MEDIUM AND LARUii MAS
y fire and hnrzl-r proof Kaf». 109, 111 Market 1;
AT EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SKOONU-
XX hand. W. H. RAY Mfg Co., 32 California »-
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
S\ rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
HORSES.
rmiE EMPORIUM SALKS YARDS, 220 VA.
x encia at., is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or bar-
ness; auction sales eveiy Saturday at lL_'clock
CA H '; A 1; DRIVING AND WOUK HORBKS;
OU welftht 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at.
EiIIOLD HAHNcos COMPANY; 601) SKTd
of nood harness, our own it.axe, of every d>
scri|i'.lon, for 1. ss money than you can boy Ea tern
trash; send for catalogue. Ill) McAllister su. S. F.
1 \i\ *> Ki!i >EW AND SECOND HAND HAH-
XO\J ness, all kind*; wagons, , boggles. surrt.y%
rockaways, carts; must be Bold. iiJB Miss oa'*,
[ AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
fl()0 Bh>T iN^, W A.MJ HAR.
uuu ness: all kinds: bui?Ey.wai?on. cam. surrey
rocka way ; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia,
Ai) 110118E.5 ■*'•-»«■' SALK; AL.-5O WAGON-W
V busies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market. ,-i.'7 Slx.h St.; auction sales every WeUu_-
cav. SL'LI.IV 'V A I)()YT,K.'Atictlong?m. T
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. •
p ood horseT'harn^ss AMI WAOOH
VJ cheap. 4218 Twenty-sixth at., near Castro/ ~
TRADK-A "LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
X business wagon. ' 813 Stockton.
EMI ESS WAGON, BAKEKY WAGOV
fruit wagon, bntchercaru ,1620 Mission. - . '
L OR SALK, AT - KASTKH.N PRICKS, FINK
-I carriages eof every desc lptlon ; cash, notes" or
installments r> Cwrvill Mf; Co.. ■ -!8-488:h St.. 8. X
-''„„„„„„„- - STORAGE.
STORAGE— CJiE A PE^T > IN^TTSE^cTrYTFrR&
O proof building: advances made.' 211 ■ Larkin.
\^ UilN rrUHH. < PIANOS, TRUNKS; adT
X vances, Kiiippinz. I HAS. L. TAYLOK,2O4Po»t.
'■.'A" B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., l:«ELLli~
xx. tow raits; fire- proof building; Eastern ciaa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE 5 fixe~" vtkw anp
healthy; rent $8. - 1557 Kearny St., near
Greenwich..- - >.. '
1 ROO 8U ITK — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
X O\J • ' rms.; bath : flnu garden: rent reasonable.
i-'/7 FELL, NEAR WEBSTER— HOUSE OF
D_ i 4 rooms and stab c; cheap. '-. .
C»»)9 10 ROOMS IX EXCELLENT 08-
-0 — *-■•'"• der: bath, hot and coid water; sta-
tionary washtnbs. Upper part 62 Tehama st., near
Second. • . -
ij(\i> LAUREL AYE., NEAP. BUCHANAN:
I I/O t)-room house, $12; water, $].
OX( iQ WASHINGTON ST.— 7 ItOOMSj UATH;
4.0y!0 first-class location. $42 to with waUr. -
CjOn 28U la gun a st.: HOUSE BROOMS.
tjp_\.'. »14— 1881 Union at.; house 4 rooms. .
VTICELY FURNISHED HOUSK IN WESTERN
X> Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sansome sU',.,
HKaP ELEGANT RtSIDKNCK; aW. COB.
V^ California and Laguna sts. Go see it.'.- •*■.-
OU Sh-s TO RENT, FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ H ALMOND'S, 10
Hontenmeir Rt. • * '- .--'■■■ ■ ■
> I SHED HOUSES. "
rpHEELEGAXT FURNITURE OK PRIVATE"
■I res -net- : mnst be sold. I'.Qi) Van Xisi aye. 1 ?}
"~~ COTTAGES TO LET. ,
loUtTnY COTTAGES, 4 AXITo BChJmsT BATH^
O basement, stable. ' Allt-en aye., off 16th at., nr.
Dolores.
/"IOTTAG"— 4-KOOM COTTAGE ANJ; BATH;
\J %\<i\ fine view. 123 Liberty st.
UiV.NY .HOUKKN COTTAGE, B ROOMS AND
bath: large Cower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
»>Vi»>."l MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE -8
—O— s rooms and bath: yard; flower garden; $18.
EDUCE!" ALL THOSE NICK HOUSES OX
XV Geary. Gutter. Franklin end other streets; net
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
\iarkft at- '■. - ... ■ -
-_^_^____ ________
'\fIcITsUNNY~ FLAT 5" ROOMS AND^BATin
Xi rent cheap. 25a Lloyd st., bet. Scott ana De-
viaadero, Thirteenth ana Waller.
JJj '" ~(\ SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS. 720
O '.•'"'. Willow aye., off Buchanan St., beL
Ellin and Eddy. .
V" UN NY FLAT 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
Ccheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison st.
C. 7 UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
0 I ■ 1111 Klin i v.. bet. Scctt and Pierce s- s.
v I .1 t>UVK\TtL, NR. HOWARD — UPPER
_JO flat, 4 room* and bath.
A NICK SUNNY KOOMS. 530 GREENWICH
at., near >tock:on. »
n*)Ci i>iCALLiaTtR-SUNXY UPPER FLAT;
• —V 7 rooms, laundry and bath: rent reduced.
I* \u C\\ A i a NJCK SI.N.W FLAT. OR
1 cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
QO 4 LARGE SUNNY 'ROOMS; YARD. 1421
<3>O. Taylor st., near Pacific; rear.
1 I &1 GUKRKERO, COR. TWENTY- FOURTH
1 I Ox— 4 sunny flats: i to 7 rooms; $12 to $JO.
"\9<1 A Tin: K. RICAK — SUNNY, UPPER
O&\) flat; ail li^ht looms; rent $12.
r\ RAND NEW FLAT: WESTKRN ADDITION :
\X reduced from $35 to $25. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market st. - .
I OWKR SUNNY FLAT, S JANE PLACE,
J-i oft' Pine St., near Mason; no car fare: $12. "
J LA i'.GE, SUNNY KOUJIS; $14. 1320 WASH-
' ington St., bet. Jones and I.eav.-n worth.
SU N X V FLAT; 4 ROOMS ; *9. 3 1 V UOt> fc. el.;
near Bryant.
A 25 KB CENT REDUCTION: 2 BEAUTI-
fui new flats: SE. cor. Fillmore and McAllis-
ter st*.: $37 50. $32 &0: 7 rooms and batnei-.cu:
reduced from $15, $40; porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish. Bunny rooms, etc.; a barjraln. stl UN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218, :-H) Montgomery.
017 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT b LK.HT
0 1 ' • rooms; bam, K"S, tubs. 909 Foisom.nr.
'AXihD-i'UU GOOD TKNANTaf HKNTs",
from $10 up lor flats, cottages. SPECK <fc
CO., 602 Market St.
UK.NY FLAT 6. ROOM*. BATH; KEASuN-
able. 8 Dearborn St., off Seventeenth, above Va-
lencia.
OAQ THIRTEENTH ST. — NICK FLAT*: 5
OttO rooms and bath. $17; 4 rooms aim bath,
$16. : '
L'LATS TO iiENT FuR VERY . LITTLE
X I money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
jjomgon:ery st.
1 9001 SACRAMENTO— V ,AT 6 ROOMS;
1 OiO^ gas; bit h; rent, jt!6. .- ,
T."LAT: 5 ROOMS. BATH: NEWLY TINTED |
£ and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVhbV, SUNNY, MODEKN UPPER FLAT;
5 r.'ums and bath; largti yard: only $15: water
free. 407 a Twenty-third st., 100 feet irom Castro; '
bey 4075 tlil mrtfcer no'.lce.
OCIAVIA, bkt. waller and. HAIOHT,
opp. Valencia— lent greatly reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city : sun all day; will be put '
In flm-clasa order; 6 ami 7 rooms and bath; * 20 '
and $'^5. '
Ql Q HYDK-THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
OX*J In the city, centrally located: five minutes
from Kearny or Market; brooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc.
1-EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
-1 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove su
*_> SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH]
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harriw n, opp. 18th.
C*»>l r '\(\ FINE UPPER COKNEK FLAT: 6
tip _ L .<J\t rooms »nd bath; porcelain tubs;
rent red <<"!. Cor. Pine and Baker sta. ■ . . ■■ :
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Broadway.
A(\O BROADWAY —NICELY FURNISHED
•J. • «J housekeeping rooms; also single.
_dUy Street.
I%A F.Dny — NICELY FURNISHED
1 — y bousei:«>eplntr rooms: also sunny rooms.
'.;'J| 1 i-.DDY -4 L'NFURNiSHED KOOMb;
t)t>la bath; housekeeping: sunny.
()]". EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OK FUR-
Xkj nisbed rooms: tine location; private fam-
fly; pas range; reference.
•Q 1 7 EDUY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOM 8 1
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family. .
Ellis Street. ~
q(\Q ELLIS-SUNNY FLAT OF 3 OR 5 ROOM B
I \J\J with bath;. furnished or unfurnished; suit-
able for housekeeping. "
*. 11 Hi street.
qi A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
- 01 *i room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private; $11.
. i oicorn Mi-eo..
7 O X. FOLSOM-2 SUNNY BOOM 6, FUR-
I OO nished for housekeeping; $8.
luiion street.
"I "I (* FULTON— 3 LARGE ROOMS COMPLETE
x xkj for housekeeping: sunny yard: cheap. '
Hickory Avenue.
1 O 1 HICKORY AYE., BET FELL AND OAK,
JtJX.near Gough— 3 uuiurnlshed rooms $7- 1
furnished room $5.
- i^owur«i Mroe..
1149 HOWARD - FRONT BAY-WIN
- L - L^ t — furnished housekeeping rooms; $10, $12.
. Kearny Street. .
KEARNY, NEAR SUTTER-3 ICE ROOMS-
unfurnished; gas and water free. Apply 15
Gran lava ;;,"' : .
ailnna st.co..
4.94.' MINNA - FURNISHED BOOMS FOB
rt^'x honsekeeplng. , ■ "
J< j»r- 011 ■>• roe —
KCq MISSION-FRONT AND BACK PAR-
u\JtJ lor; housekeeping: cheap.
09 I MISSION-SUNNY FURNISHED AND
c — 1 unfurni lied housekeei Ing rooms; $5 up.
17yi|l MISSION-2 FURNIfcHED HOUSE-
x t^.t/8 Keeping rooms; bath; laundry; $8.
. "Natoma istre«t.
C re NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUBEKEEP-
OOO in rooms; $8 and *10 per mouth. Apply
afternoons. :-;■■,
. O'l'arrftl! <>u«e,. '
4q-| O'FARRKLL-2 OR 3 NICELY' FUR-
ritjx nished sunny rooms for housekeeping. ;-.', ;
;i'uik Street. •
1408^ POLK . ' - KWLY FURNISHED
X°l\Ji>> sunny front suite; light housekeeping;
neat couple. "
sixth Strew;. ~ "
L BOXT SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS-
'■ complete; reasonable. 244 Sixth st.
m A. »IXTH~LAi;UE J-BONT HACK PAR-
*' . l0 ™ complete housekeeping; single rooms
cheap. / -. ...... .. ■
Stockton Place.
m STOCKTON — BUNNY FURNISHED
rooms lor housekeeping; $8 and $10 month.
1 eiiituia Street. ;
A A TEHAMA— BUNNY ' FRONT
"XT room and kitchen for housekeeping ; well
furnish E-d. . . - . .
"inira Streus. '
pOLTON HOUSE, : 2.0 "THIRD —
V/snlta, light honsekeeplng, $5 up: brick bid: yard
.lurk Mine., ■
9O TURK-3 OH 8 FURNISHED HOUSE.
«-**-» keeping rooms. gSfegßßSjHßSßßßßiafflWMßß^
Van.^efis Avenue.
pORNER VAX NESS AND MARKET— B COX.
\J nectlns; unfurnished rooms; water In kitchen;
cheap rent; t.o children." .■ Call: 1738 .Market si. :
9q 9 VAN - v NESS .. , A VK- NEWL V "•FU R-
— u—t nished, sunny suites, from 2 to 4 rooms:
complete for housekeeping *
HOUSEKEEPING It' = * ? 'ontlnued.
AVuaiUiUjt* . "V " : : ""
WASH ING TT7 -sri>:. V V VUR-
O\jJj nisbed houaekeepi: : **"£^^'-'-" *■*'*•''
\\ ci 8 h
1 1 J* WELSH, UFP~ ICK
II ly furnished room ■ - '.leap
JlisceK.'.: . i>..9,
991 Geary. RooiTf :;-jom~ and as_
—— •£ renting Bcenry;c-' '■ <• fo^rf-y'ste: ir,u.
KOO3IS
Bryant "(Tcoc. .
"I im BRYANT— FL^'V -OF '\) FT V^U'Tr: IKD
Hv/I. rooms, complett ■ txt litui«fi;n,-: <?< -ip.
j.uay
CQA FURNIS 0 BJ'&Zi.K ; »MS.
OD\f 75c and $1 per we«
QEEBMAS .ATAI-H- >~i' V^'.?% Ti FT
0 Ft., near Market: ium < "- ' *&•: a^.»i".*u«xl.-
nrnjc ramona. is" bus ?. <i uv -RJ.
1 HART, manmjer— A qi\' : ".i "Jißg, ».c:. y lo-
cated; newly furnished; i-l'-<»,>< ■• i.;,t^<;< \>j ; _er. ,
091 ELLIS, NKA't Va"v I jJH-iOfit -KST
O«- 1. lodging werec< .ic-im'su toa ii<w*3*.'^ :■: one.
ittw
mGBARY-3 SI :- " "- 1 ;AB;
cottage: key pi ■ ■
79"! okary-plk '': •".-. :: :'i : Hi^vTlj? DMS;
' nicely fnrnlshe< ; .Tin *'—>strt;j«."iSe» ",<- : .-: •
ttl'OV
A(\O GROVK-Sl-N. i M ' ■". ■: rSt'IVJS BAY-
T:v'O window rooms; '- fg,
llai t • .-'; : v : r , ~ ~~~~
11 QQ HAIGHT-Sl V FjilTEpa -GLE
» J C.-O rm.: private i ir.iUvjJn^Vfa^; If sired.
1 i«i
6 HYDE— GENT I : JKN C)<N PINJi SUNNY
suite of rooms: pri\ a :niu.
'J'J'J HYDE, NEAR ' K UJS<<i%KUx iHUxiY
*.>O£i has sunny single i'-.ijiV v:a)iai m«^:> tattle. •
UUIII
907 THK*~VAr.-: 'v.nrx'-J '.-.: !tK~
«-v/ I tnanacement: e'fSi^V ncm" .«v<iu-\ »uJ
line!*; ii«-wl>- »nrnlsh«» !.A'.h *l<i; tin to 1 ;.i.
A 1 ' JONES-MCK'Ti" T ; IJJIN"I'sKKi»" -oNNY
trXO rooms: in suites ca ««r.i. ( ife; isros^t./cueriiie.
. ctri
9Q KEARNY-NlCKLv"fOJiy:is«ilJ.n ROOMS;
terms reasonable; q?3l-"t !:eust. - .
>jn X AR \ Y— WtiLl.-jnfily iSl-iV:i>' UONT
QyJ sunny suite; sing room;; rJoctrrs ?iyhts.
A i:j.iN<, i- .:s HOf>X~""r37-'-irs%!rjtNY —
-» Pleasant sunny roou2?i,^r. s<;,t^ Atuj *;ns.»; tlrst
clcas Iv every respect; '*-n; < $ jpta ootoit-.
• Lafuy c 1 :>»*««t.
"1 91 1 LAFAYETTE," !-• \f-y%U}S, NEAR
XOg Twelfth— Nice frpt.-: bijNwSflßy rw;a.
\'OSEMrTR HOUSE 30 i?. JI AUKKT -PER
1 night. Ssc to $1; ye. V 1 Sjj te ?5: ftuoUi^s.
Mas 01 Sirctt.
JI Q MASON, OPP. SfATIVij >r;->' ALL—
llONlceiy furaishec rcuy.»-, <yij-T; etltes or
single.
Q79 MISSION — LAK^S FJ'.OM' UITK;
0I +j physician's offlc .'i ft>r y**:a: nl « errms.
In atom 11 •»*! •.<!».
701 NATOMA. cor. rjo^vn^'or, $ F ur-
t\JX nlshed or B-ifurt • -..! f">a;,iv
i'owe W«if7't.
9-214 pov.f.i !. •'} ILI.L«FO:;9)— EX.
*• ' — tirely renovate- V-rtusiviVi'; . iwv*ry fur-
nished rooms: en suite «r>r>>*:nht: Herman >onabl(?.
»i.)p: Powell, 1 'juTTim ii\~s-fjx:i v room
— *-> newly fur., $8: rlij I irre atiaur <^r. room.
I'roui I : |aca,
9"! C PROSPECT *Pi,ACt JiET. POWELL
-lv end Stockton I-^rti' in S Cr.lUorv lasts.—
Nice, sunny, furn Is In : rc-Rj . to let. t
» . Slut-; io'i _V tvt.t,r.
EUROPEAN (TH JTTt fiTQCXfO.V— FUR-
Xv nlsh.d suites, $4 1«, »!<<.• feinrta rc?ai»,9l 50 to
$3 week; 50c to $- .-'ah'.-.i.ljos afti c&c running
water in every room : j»:;]j;.e.av»ioi:. transient.
TVTKW PYRNE!. iTOCKT{~f:iI IKTO.V-
J-i Front suites; alaO.a iUjim; Ucnsi*»:j>iri4;cheau.
one BUTTKR— I jv)o:':-» ok. suites.
QUO &l to $1C .-•:: ciii.v 2 : o i^ ?•'. AJ-. transi.
7 j 1 Ml j Li;- • ..'/» >«-IX.-j;.«tf~ iidc^lS" AND
I 11 tulles, newl/ turoUlttgj l?M* sonable.
stTTEu, >~~yZ * j:cm"^i" 1..-.G antly
•UO newly furn it t ruticy i^j. i »u;!t> or single.
' 'ia>Jo- Svxeow '
•} no TAYLOK-S J ,\ N Y Of) 0 B L ! ': ooms, $2
X\Jo and $2 50 per w;^f<; tiig'^'tl Z'l.
R 1 (* TAYLOR— NIiv*" I, Y JTUIIaTsHED SUN-
<JX\J ny single am drmb'erpaia*: t-nvat* family.
,U*o(.Ji Stx«*t.
111 TENTH, >-'.'.. illsMON— 1./.RGE SUN-
XI X ny front rcvr.v. uOia.»K»V^itj permtued.
. ..in. Si «o
OT7 THIRD— LARGE SUNNY CLEAN HMS.;
t)l I double or mn-lc; day, week or month. ~
BOAKIJING AND IiOOMS. .;
IhA^VY^NICKLY riHH_IT___GE
*J\J\.l room, with or without board.
A") A EDDY— SUNNY, NKWLY FUR-
—"1 ins 1 <i rooms; house first class In < very re-
spect; :ab.e iiimurpissel : terms reasonable.
HOTj-.L Kr,;.n...\,i. tit I 'li — A i-. : i.'.i11. l
hotel: rpffrciKi.-a glvtu muu xv<iuirBd; „, mo.l-
I .1 ..v.-i, !..,„■  '
CHILDKEN : BUAi:OKD. "
T\r ANTED— ■ HJLD TO BOARD IN- FAMILY
*» without children. Inquire at 4(J36 Eighteenth
St., near Castro. - ■
\V ANTKD— I OR •-' BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
*' teams: reasonable: good home; no other
children. Call at ll'.*->^ La .gtuu st. ■' -
TI'IDOW WuULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN'
" (1 to 6 years) 10 board. 803 Baker st.
'IDOW WITH A QUIET, COMFORTABLE
home, would like child to board. 829 V 2 Gutter.
YV ANTED— I-CUIL.I) TO TAKE CARE OF~;
mother's cure. _700 Eddy st.
d(Y?^ TWENTY-FiiTll ST. - PLEASaNT
"I. —'' lu.|. >■ for child: rom for p.trents. -
STOKES TO LET.
and basement. I'nncan and Guerrero stj. .
STORE To LET, ALSO I AtiGt. BASEMENT,
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
V-TORE TO LET— 26I THIRD SI APPLY 214
O Third. .'. ; •
STORK, WITH 8 BOOMS, COX. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st.; choice location for
druga'ore.' • ' - - .. ■ ■ ...... . + .-...
, ;. OFFICES TO _XT. . _-
C^A^JF^R^frsTArfD^ETD^S^oTrFF^^
\J L. and G. building— Sunny offices: light, water,
beat Mild janitor services tree: electric elevator*
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
VINE OFFICES: 2SKEARNY ST.; BUITA-
X* ble for an y business. '■■■■'.
"eI'KhI'KKLS iiUILDINO. -927 . MARKET—
0 Elegant gnnnv offices, $12 60 np; tlectno-Ilcat;
beating and jbtiitor service free, Apply »t bulldlni
c»n;. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery »t. ' •■ .
STABLES TO LET.
QTABLE OF 10 STALLS TO LET: LARGE
1 ■ yard. 2.1 Ash aye.
DENTISTS.
pRoIKIK'DEN'rAL'Ab^iIATIONrT^MTRr
\J ket, bet. Sd and 4th: gas specialists;' painless
extracting, wUn gas, »1 ; plates. $5 up: flu, $1 up.
1 IK. _i M HILL, 1443 MARKET afT
X* near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
rlates ■ are ' made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per M)t: txtrucuni; 60c; pas given.
It. GJiOillift W. LEEK, TdK. GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrellst.
T?ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X 1 five yean; " extraction, 60a; : fillings,' 60c.-
-crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 sixth.'
I? 1 LASS . DEN TI V ; PIUST-CLASS
X 1 prices; first-class results: puinleia extraction-
Tel. Main 6375.. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 600 Sutler
1..1* 1.. KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLK-»-*"
XJ crown work, bridge work and : teeth wlthoa;
pla>s a spec.ally. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant avx--
fli«7 A M.l i-UK T_J-.Tli: WARxtA-M'iiD AS
«IP • good as can be made: tilling $1. Dr. «lM_d
tt-mlsi. VJO Market at., next Baldwin Theater."
V>AINLtSS EXTRACTION. 60c; CRuWN
X tridge work a specialty; plates, $5 op. 13 veari
cjtpo-'eiioe. B. L. WALsH. D.D.S.. 151554 Jea7y.
A LL WOKK TO SUIT KRaNTED~
il DR. KEa, 1370 Market St., frost City Hall. ."
DX. DUCKIiTr, 170^ PO>T bT...NKAR BU*
en .nun; gas given; crown and bridge work.
LL WORK REASON VBLK AND WAlt
ranted. ■ DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
S" ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A *M-AT.oL DLL li."
U. VUI.M., 18-11 Po!k - . - - : ,
I |I'_ J.j. Li-,E_, I«U«>MARKii"r.COH.UOLDKN
XJ Gate 'aye.— Open evenings: >bnn«lay» tin noon.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
rpEMPERATE MAN OF SO. GOOD ; PAINTER
Xana paperbanger, hand with, tools, win work
very cheap by the day or job: city or country Al
references. A.d4re_ 0, X.. box 85, Call Office.
ESTATE.
t|WM YOL'ii HOME. " - ■""."■"
'» : : STOP PAYING RKXT.
You can do It very easily. We will sell you a
jot or house and lot on v< rv small payments. , A
lot will cost you from $350 to 8400 and you can
ray for it In $5 monthly installments. ' The street
wort ,s all done— graded, sewered and macadam-
it'll; water piped to ; every lot; on the line of an
eiectric road: beat lots for the money. .;
. ■-> DO YOU WANT A BOUSE AND LOT?
It so, come and sea us. ' 'Wa ' have nice new cot-
tages Hint we can sell on very easy terms. Or, if
you urefer, we- will arrange to build one for you.
Prlce3 from $1200 upward. Apply _ office or at
our branch oflive, 3207 BSd st., -corner of Mission.
BALL-WIN «fc HAMMOND, .
■■ ' * :"• 10 Montgomery st.
OTS OX THE PARK. '■ -'■■■•-...■■. .- ■
Every weeK the number of lota in the block
bounce , by 9ia and 10th »vm., H and 1 sts , grows
leas and less. Do you want one? If so, see tnt»
property «nd plcfc out your lot al once.
PRICE $750 AND UPWARD. .V
- TERMS $50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
1 ou will do weM 10 secure a lot now, as you will
never again be able to buy *o cheap.
_ BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
"■• " * ■ . -  10 Montgomery st.
IfASY TEKMS— GISARY ST., NEAR COOK,
■i 2-story 7- room and both homes; 20 mlnu es
of Kearny St.; $3600: $SUO cash; open daily;
modern. ; • ; .
tjDtloOU. ___post, near Will Ness; resi-
dence contains 10 rooms and both: excellent loca-
tion for physician: lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
Particulars of G. _. UMBSISN _ CO., 14 Mont-
gomtrvst.
mO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP— FOR SALK, A
I business block; centrally located: handsome
lDcome; will take $85,000 in country property,
410.000 cash, mortgage for balance; price $85,000.
ALSIP & CO., Mills buiidin?.
EADTHIS! BEST 'BUSINESS CORNEK ON
the San Leaodro road and main street to
Fitchburg stauon: size 100x100: cheap at $20
per front foot.
"RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
it from the i-'au Leandro road; streets rruiiea
and graveled; price «500.
: I. SINK CORXEK AT FITCHBURG STA-
i-f uon; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRK BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SHB-
divide into 43 building lots: a good buy to hoid
or mail at once to home seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMKDA
1> County, lor sal? and to rent: will grow flower*,
fruits and vt-getablau to perfection; spiendid
chance to start a uursery aua «row cut flower* tor
ttic- market.
fjTHKR BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
V In the best situated locality for a crowing town
outside the city limits of Oakland: low t_te»; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fiiohburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Munt.omery at.. P. P.
MAUNIFICKNT RESIDENCE,
X near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.; 11
rooms ami bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: lot B'-':Bx 125; sold at a great sacrifice,
G. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Vaeucia gt.
WILL BUILD COTTAGE^ HOl'sKS OR
»» flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your o*o lot or w.ll furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plan* DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
C; Z.()(\ CASH. BALANCE HAMK AS HKNT,
iTiJ\J\) for a new bouse on ea-t side of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lar*e lot J&xiaS;
ail modern Improvements. Apply on promises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODEIiN . UUUeKS BUILT;
WJ $150 to $.'75 a room; |.ar;lei contemplitlnz
building invited to call and see plans. 1149Mla»lon.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
I f\(\(\ 160 ACRES NEAR »t! HELENA,
<iplV7'"». County: running stie»m of
water; partly cultivated: wine and fenctne: fine
road: over 10.-0 cords of wood; worth $'20J0: will
sell tor $1000, either cash or easy Installments.
Apply L. OESTEIiREICUEK, 63J Maricet St.,
opp. the Palace.
|?OR SALE, TO CLOSK ESTATE— 2S ACI.Ks,
X elegant orchard and home, in best part of Nil' s
and Ceiitervill.- fruit Cist ; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Earl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment;
no fair offer refused; buitdimes and equipment ex-
celient- > state, box 35, Newark.
}|»AKMS-WK HAVE SEVERAL FARMS
J. with buildings and improvements taken 00
mortgage: will ten from $ > to $10 per ea<y
terms: contact expiring; you bad better buy be-
fore election. Address WARNER _ Co., 465
Ninth st.; laud, Car.
L OK ;s.vi.K-._'B!) ACBSBQOOOUNIMPBOVKJ)
J- laud In Tuolumne Counsy; also 100 acres in
Marlposa County; wood and wnter; cheap for
raeh. Aridre-<3^., box 4.', Ca I Office. ~
u'AnJMI.Mi UIAT P,«Y*— aO CUT. HORbR
1 beans per acre, z5 tons srt-en corn per aero, 60
tors pumpkins per at re, IiOO bushels onions per
cere are crops actually raised on land of Steele
kstate: riciits-. land in California; In tracts from
5 acr^s up; also c ram and dairy land) price to
suit the times; terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
pour land ; the best Is cheapest. D. D. BARN \.RD
clua, cat. '
■ OlWl ACKKS *•*' FIKBT-CLASS FARMING
1 v\/VMand to rent: is only 17 rui.es fiom San
Francisco and within 1 mile of railroad nation;
rent $'.' ik acre as a whole or $2 60 in 200-u.re
lots. Address tl. r. EMERiC, 805 Market St..
ban Francisco, Cal.
CHTCKEN RANCH FOR SALR; 14 ACRES;
y low root; 1000 laying hens- C, KNUD&EN.
Petaluma . ■ '
"rniiK J!-i.NEsT hog ranch IN .the state
Will tip leased for a term of years, or the rleht
parly can tenure a half interest in a Rood paying
ranch property, M :tie present o-.vner is not able to
give it the a leniiuu it requires; this property Is
well Improved and well located u:id eapejtle or car-
ry ing several tb'>^:^^. id '■■•:. of o;< the > ear round.
Forpivrtlculars irfmX. V.. box (i), Call ufllce.
AN V UN >. WA.N'llNi.. A '.nAXCii J-i » , ;
kx tins purposes, or an cichard already Im-
proved, where only small cash ou:!i*y is required.
bainpceln 6 er 7 . »>ars »P|Jy 3'itf Montgomery st.
* LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
JrY est in tlje ■■Matt.-. s- llin,- in tracts, 5 acres ui>-
ward, fSS- per acre: a>ijoii!iuc litnas held at $100
1• r acre; owner forced to sell: 1 1 ., hours from S.F.;
t-asy terms; title perfect. £.7 ciuonlc.i- building.
Jll Ti.E HOMES, CLOSK To TOWS. JM-
JJ proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' c.-e.li;. D. H. TWI.N'U. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
D ALFSIiCTIOX OFGOOD LAND IX TULARB
XJ. County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or s>au Francisco. Address A, box &7
C..11 Ollice. . -.
PItOPEBTY TO EXCHANGE.
COAL, WOOD, HAY, GRAIN EXCHANGED
for small improved ranch. Address J. WIL-
BON. 339 Hayes st.
TO i-.XC,.AK*G,.-hO ACRES UNCULTI-
:x' vated iund, vaiue $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land , Or., for restaurant or lodging-house In the
city. Address or c.tll j.7 Third si . room 22,
EXC 1 1 A XGK-LAKi;:-. LIST OF CITY AND
county |ir,.p«*rty. W00D, 735 Market.
TO EXCHAN COUNTRY PROPEK-
■ -•- ly— l2 room modern bouse; lot 64x235. K. D.
JUDD, 14>'4 ParK St., Alara da.
.\DFU O V tCL i^J* 1 ORCHARD JIUMhS
loraala.'--WOOMTKIt A WllllToX. mi  Jogj,.
I>)J|l ACltK^ 'I'liijllVß L.vN;». KKKN CO.;
1— '' :• oi.-r; tine for catli«»-r!iH!ni. N..bx.16.Ca1l
. MUSICAL INSTItUaiENTS.
pETIRINO FROM EUSINES^— PIANOS ATA
XV sacrifice to promptly close out stork: Knabe.
Halnesand Bubh Gerts. A.L. BANCROFT A
CO., 324 Post st.
N IMMENSE STUCK ol ..Ev» N~ t=iic :
ond-hand pianos' from -leading. makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and lars-st music-bouse west of
Chicago: < call or write. KOHLER <fc CHASE, 28
O'Farrt-U St.," San Francisco. . ■"
err ally THtSBi-ST bargains in pi-
anoi; see our Ist tor this week: pianos on $3,
4, $5, $6, $7, m, $9, $10, $15. $*0 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and over wl:h each; delivered
free any., li • in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners.? The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason. ■•" ■
A' i-SToAY BUILDING, «. ORNEK OF
rV. Kearny an.! Sattft sis., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payment* of
Jt3, $4. $5. $6. $7. $8. $9, $10, $12, SIC. $20 aud
$25 per month: the beat of every grade from lowest
pr ces . to istelnway ' Baby, Parlor and - Concert
Grands: whr , pay rent wi en beuer pianos can be
bought from us fur about seme parments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool aiddrapid
cover. Included: no ' charge for drayage: pianos
kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY _ CO., cur. Kearny and bnttrr sta.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portlan.i, or., iUle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for the Pacific Coast. .
N ACCOUNT OP THE INCREASE IN MY
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREasK IN MY
p ano business, my old ■■ quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
into my own building," at o2ti Haves st. between
Octavla and LaKums where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; ai 1 buy tor cash and In carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house in San Francisco.
Kespectfu yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
ALL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
prices, pianos to rent and for Bale cheap at
JlAl'VAls',7a9 Market st. :
$"7^ BARGAIN: STEIXWAY PIANO, EX-
I '^.ceilent ordfr;t-a y terms. 221 Leaven worth
\i AGNIFICENTSTiiINW AY UPRIGHT AND
1»I Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
OOD UPKIGHT CHEAP FOU CA H.
SCHM I I /, 16 McAllister, next HlDernia Bank.
_ I r^f\ bled WALNUT UPRIGHT BUS-
<j! I O\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
C. iJ.-vUuEK. &ULK AGENT >OR HALL&T
.* Davis and Francis Baron pianos.' 406 Sac*to
pHICKiii:iNu.K-NABK, fc.TKCK.VUSB, 19TKK.
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: plaaoa
:cr rent. BEN J. CU RT _ tSOX, IS OiarreU.
VhU.S' .M.M./V. 3UvH POST. t>T.-SOtLM.&*.
Newby A Kvan-i. J>ri«crn and other pianos.
QDPERIOK VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLUANKW
O ii. &ULLEU. maker, repairer, - Latham place.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
__J»AKX.AND^BEAL .. KSTATK. ;,*-"
rpHE BEST BARGAIN IN PRTJITVALE;
x house of 5 rooms, large barn and chlcfccn-
house; lo:13nxl80: corner; fine soil: large fruit
•pSwwt r ly^ Si . 200 ,' term < to suit. LODGE _
POWELL, Station.
TO EXCHANGK-600 ACRES OP PASTURE!
grain or fruit land in Tehama County- liviu*
water and timber: «10 per acre;- clear of lncurn-
brance; perfect title: want small ranch, or Oakland
ct -Oa^a P n e d r :- V - Address Exchange, 144U
Filbert St., Oakland. * (
MY SPECIALTY IS ~~. ~ ~~
HOUSE-RENTING IN
2 story modern 9-room house . *<>5
1-story modern 6-room cottage ."!!.."!. 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room f1at. .;.... is
AND 300 MOKK. .
WM. M. DkWOLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — TH»
-a. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AL.A3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
"I^OR RENT— LAROK, NICELY FURNISHED
-L 6-rootn cottage, $30; large 9-room house, finely
furnished. Central aye., $56; lame line unfuru-
JMiKKI dwellings. K. D. JUDD, 143* Park st.
ALA3IEDA HOUSES TO LET.
POX RKNT IN ALAiIKDA— A;7-ROOM COT-
x tage; large, yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and bandy to 2 stations: 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. SAX:., Uck
Housp Laundry. S. }■'. ■
IiEKKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR HALS
on easy terms. O. 15. MAY & CO.. real estatd,
bulldiEg and loans, 2123 Center St.. Berkley.
OsEP-t J. MASON. *tli,vL Ksi'A'lr. AXU
O insinun-L- pgpnt. I erkelir y.i:'i, mliuin'n; 'mnk
BERKELEY HOUSES. ~
llfoU rent"— inoluding'^waterT
X house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden, and
lawn in front: large orchard, also some p::s:ure
land; entire place comprises about 1 1 acres: street
macadamized; five minutes' wa k to train maiclnz
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further Information
call or address A. J. SN YDER & Co., 467 ■ Ninth
St., real estate brokers, Oakland.
ruli BENT, NEWLY FUBNWHKD COT-
X tage 6- rooms, lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley «■:»-, East Berkeley. . ■
— — — - ______^.
(fi(V 0(10 AT LOWEST RATES?; CITY
1 - 1 \J\J.*>V'\> aud Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
SHAINW ALP, BUCKBIir &Ca. 218-320.Montgy
* DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
XV. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without n»-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JE\V_LKf
bIORK, Mb Market st.: open evenings.
\\T ANTED— »1000 ON 8 PKR CENT IN.
»» terest per annum: security, chattel mort^a^e
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M.. box 48, Cait.
ONKY LYING JULK: TAKE .Vl' *3 INTEK-
fst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 'i. Call.
\ I OXEY IAJANJ6.U OX JKWKLKV' A.VU
o.'l other valuables at in» (ecnrlty Loan OJUo».
llU(iMarketai..nr. Mason: private »ntrnnca 7 'i'urf.
I |IRECT ON Yuflt FUKNU'UKK Oil PiAN.J.
XJ 00 removal: no delays: no commissions: ia.y
interest. Km. tiß, Dopotiua tide. 1170 Market
ANY AMOUNT: I*.'!', ZU or 8i» MOUTUAUKs;'
XV estates, undivided interests, real estate in un>
hale. JI cCO AN. Vi Mont comers', room 3.
Sj!\(\ UP; NO DELAY; IST AND 21) MORT-
<]I>tJU gagas; Int. In estates. MURPHY.62S .\trKt
A DVANCKSONDIAMONDtj.JKvVEi-Hx. '*. ru
J~\ Columbia Loan A Collate!-*: OtHce. 11 i;n\!i: ■!■>•=•.
ONEY TO LOAN OX CITY REAL ESTATE.
MgEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
"\fONEY LOANKDON PIaNOsTIoW RATES.
iU ll.Stocktonst. Tel. No Blacx 1231.
FAWNBKOKEKS. ~~
B^ WISE AXD SAVE IXTKKEST: MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and >c-
Curitv i Uice. r 7. Mood bUig : entrance 80a M'»l
AT l-« lvt-AKNi «*., HUUiI 9— .Mv:. i~
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates:
|»riv iV ■ room elevator: \< r!.-.M for aale ch«-an.
FINANCIAL. ~~ ~~
Ql f\i\ AAA TO LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
<IPJ-' M f.i WU Apply rm 222, V .1 safe I'ep.BUlg.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpRUbTEtS 1 SALE— IN ACCOKDANCE WITH
x Ihe terms and under the authority of a cer-
tain d.-cd of trust, duly executed by SAMUEL
a Kill, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL and THADDECS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Saving* Union, party of the third part, dated
January 2 tit u, 1893, and recorded in ttie office of the
County Recorder of the County of .Verced. state of
California, In Liber & of Trust Deeds, at page 185,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27th day of Aueust. 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SaN H;A.Vr'[M o
I ings UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default bad been made In the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, ad requesting
1 anddirec Ing said ll' NP.Y C. CAMPBELL and
, litAUDKrs B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate describes therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness:
We. HKNRYC. CAMPBELL and THADDETJS
R. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby (five notice that on
TUESDAY, the -9:h day of SeVeiuber, A. D.
1896, at 1" o'ctock noon of that day, and at the
\ auction salesroom of Easton, Etdridge & Co., No.
• i>: B Market street, in the City | and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
! auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In cold
com of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate In the County of Merced, dtate of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the southeast corner. section
thirty-six (H6), in township nine (9) south, range
nine (i) east, Mount Diablo bass and meridian,
and running thence west aloii,- the south line ot
said section thirty (30) feet to the Badger Flat
county roa I: theure north along said road four
hundred and Hfiy-four one-thousandths of a chain
(.454 eh.) 10 the north line of said road thence
west iilonn said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 60 cb.) to the eagerly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north alon.; said Hooper's east
line cigh.een chains twenty links (18.20 ch.):
thence west along said Hooper's north line ten
( 0) chain?: the cc south along Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six links (2.8 d eh.) to the
north line of the land of Marjuel Moreno; thence
west along said Moreno's north line fifteen (16)
chains to the northeaster. line of the Ptlster
county road: thence northwester y along said line
of said r"au to the mldsection line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (bo);
thence north clong said mldsectlon line to the
north line of said section; thence east along said
nor. line to the northeast corner of said section:
and thence south along the east line thereof to the
point of commencement:
Using a portion of tne east half (E. 14.) of said
section thirty-six (36), in township nine (a) south,
range nine (9) east, Mr.unt Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two (272) acres of land more or less.
Together with tne appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the tall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and If not so paid, unless tor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search),* then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to bw void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HEN BY C. <-AMI'BELL.\_ m, , -.
THADDE U S B. KENT. f Trustees.
RUSTEES' SALE— ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of tnut, duly executed by JOHN H. McKaY
and RICHARD McCANN, parties of the first part,
to HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUs B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second ran, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVING^ UNION, party
of the third part,daied May 17th, 1892, and recorded
In the office of the Cou.T.y l.ecorderof the County
of Fresno, M-te of California. In liber 114 of deeds,
at pages 110 «nd lollowin-.-, and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 4th day of June. 1-696, by
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANUIHOO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 11,u43), to sec-ire payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made In the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
undersold note and d-ed of trust, ami requesting
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPB!- i.L and
THAU DECS B. KEN'), Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness. •
We, HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, that on
T sD>Y, the 16th day of - September, A. D,
1896. at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom ! of EASTON,' ELDRIDQE _
CO.. No. 638 Market street. In the City and coun-y
of San Francisco, State of California, we will aeil
at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in
gold coin, of the United States, all that piece or
parcel 'of land situate In the County of Fresno,
State of California, described as follows, to wl;:
According to the official plats and system or sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In township sixteen (16) south, range twenty-one
(21 ) east. Mount Diablo lias-, and meridian. ■;■
Of section thirty-two (32), the east half ottthe
southeast quarter (E. y« of the SE. 14); contain-
ing eighty (80) acres of land, more or less. To-
rn ; her with the appurtenances. 1
Terms of — Cssh in gold coin ;of the : United
States: 10 percent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and If no: - paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said 10
per vent to be forfeited and the sal* to o« void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. • ' ■
HKNRV C. CAMPBKLL, 1- ..„.
THADDED3 B. XXX T. ( T "»K*>»- : '
: ■ to lease. ;-:■ -V.v; - -
"LOR RKNT OK LEASE— SO- VAB A LOT SE.
X I cor. Polk ' and ; Jackson sts. : rent $50 per
month. Address j. a. 4.7 Ban»om»» *t.. KF.
_; _■ PHOTOGBAPHJCBS SUPPLIES.
SEEDS— NOT PU_P_I?TiEEDS, 'BUT
dry plates,' with ' developers : and all requisites
for photographing, at Cal. Camera Co., l.A U*O7.
MEDICAL.
BLESSING. to ladies sufferTno
from liregnlaritles and diseases peculiar to
their seat: latest improved method of .treatment-
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes then, sick to make them well-
traveler* helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
D.VVIEs. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbornia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pill* $2;
hours, from a. m. to SP. m. and 7t09 p. it.
LL. CASES OF IRREGULARITIES be-
stored In a few hour.; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate phy-
sician: 3-) years' successful practice; MEDIUaIi
ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult (he doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time ana
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. ■ W YE 1 H, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
n-.em or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own pnysiclan for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you nun*, to fee treated safe and sure call on
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
TAB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
XJ diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
nocharse; separate home for patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator $-. 904 McAllister at.
LPiSAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with Irregularities: nodan?or;
safe and sure; $2 50 express c. O. D.-. don't delay
until too late, OSGOOD IS UPS.. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. UK WKGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .
SURE CURIs FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES
O from whatever cause; a home ie confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by-.
MRS. DR. GU YKK, g'J6 Turk St.
MRS. J. A. ACH KD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mis-
sion at.
MRS. M. E. RODGEHS, PRIVATE HOME IN
iX confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DOHA (iKAY- ALL female COM.
plaints restored ; cure guaranteed. . .'7 Eddy.
TF IKKiioULAK OR ANY FK.MALK W-KAME
see MRS.DR. j>UE'l'/. and becontenU 264^ 4th.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR*
Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
PRIVATE. HO— X I.V CONKiAE—iJM'. 4UW,
V DR KUNCKK. l-11-j Klghtli at.. ■Ali-.m-ta.
ATTOItNKYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREiT— dTvoUCK "LvW.i a -PBOtT
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law anils, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., as*
tended tq G. W. HOWK, aa'y-at-law. 850 Market
\ T UAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
Xi huUdlng; consultatioiH freu; mod;eru;e fees,
KINGORE MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS \_tf
law. room 431 Parrott buiMin; (Emporium).
LEGAL BUaHSK-»S 'i'RANSACTKD WiTH-
out publliJty; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery at., room 18.
ADVHK NO CHARGE UNLESS sCO-
ceBSful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Mar-ct-t St.
vy F. ARAM. ai i-_4.w,4i>TpA±titOTT
"» • bid?. Practices tii all courts;ch:iß;iM moderate
}~> W. king, attokney-at-law- chron-
JV. M" Diet?: adv:< tr<-f: pxylernt^; t'(»«".i evn;;s.'
MAUKIAGE LICENSES. . ~
Ihe followlns; marriage licenses werum-.nl >r
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
' William -Me -raih .'md M-ir/ AtKinson, 48— -
William T. S?abrl^iit and Alice -mit''. 42—47.
V. S. Purses and .Mamie E. Beqrcinj. 29— --.'.
C, Collins and Hannah WiilUm*, 49— 2 i
Elmer >honanderand ElizvOe'.n- Jensen. 31—21.
E. A. Vans.one and Annie Kbbcr.wn, 23—30.
.>. Khret and Jennie F ciitrr, 27— -.'tj
E. E. PeonVsuiid Joiepaiueii Galloway, 28— 3 L
H. Willweber and OUil.e Nobb". 40—25.
R. F. D.dJie »nd Aome L. Orphant. 28—
Franc Grimes and Katie Tighe. 27— '-'3.
P. Klatberand An-o»-«s. ltlft:rnan. a.-i-l^.
LiX 1 ii*— JiAltßiA^t-S — J>_A i Hi
rßirtb, marrlaza and death iiotlcei sen" hy mill
will not be in eriPl. They mm. be handed .1 i:
either of the publication oillces and be Lilian*!
with the name and residence of persons autujjujt
to nave tUb aauic published, j
BORN.
HARRISON— In this city, September 9, 189& to
the wiie of Ednra^l C Harrison, a son.
HARRIbON— In th:s city, "September 7. 1898, to
ta« wife of Fred Harrison, a daughter.
Kf.UMPP-ln Oakland. September 5. 1598. to th©
wife of Arthur Xl: miip, a daughter.
OEDINQ— In Alamcdi, September 10,1896, to the
wife of W. F. Oi«(li.i«. a dauiihter.
&CHNKE— In this '■•.:,:■, Sep'etaber 9, 1896, to th 9
wife of Gustnvp Retrace, « hop.
MAlUtllil>.
CABEL— SMITH— in this city, - e ; >teiuber 9.1893,
by th" Rev. Dr. Ktobbius. Aium.us C. Cabal of
Venverville. Maripoia Couuty, and Nellie E.
Smith o' -an l-'ranclsco.
HASSLINGER— RKDMON'D— In this city, Sep-
tember 9. 1893, by the Rev. Father Jones, Otto
A. ilaislin^or and Camil.a lieduiond, both of
San Francisco.
MARTIN— PARKS— In this cltv. September 10,
lsitti, by the Rev. Mr. Boynton of the First Bap-
tist church. Dr. Robert S. Martin and Emma A.
Parks.
MATHESON— COYLE— In this city, August 31.
18 16, at St. 'Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. Father
Denipsev, Joseph J. Malheson and Emma Coyle,
both of San Francisco.
SCHMIDT -KAH.V- In this city, September 6,
1839. by Rabbi Julius Fryer of the .Bush-street
Temple. Mnrcus J. sohmidt of SnsanvUlO and
B.auche Kalin of San Francisco.
WATPON-KF.YSEIt— In this city. September 8,
1898. b.- Justice F. Kerrigan, Temple Watson
and Jaroti K«vst>r. both of .-an Francisco.
- ■ - ~: XitHli. ■: '..;.;,
Barnor. Clan McCarthy, Catherine
Brown, Margaret McGulre. Henry
Burnt; John. - Marks. \Viliia.ra
Callagnan. John M. Nyman, Serena
Howard. Margaret Stoddnrd. Ella F.
Kufe, Edwin It. S Whitman, Hoary
Young, Ivy E.
BARNEY— In Oakland, September 9, 1896, Clam
Barney, a native of Illinois, aged 66 years. >
BROW v— In this cltv, September 10, 1896, Mar-
garet Brown, aged 35 years.
BURNS— In the Cltv ana County. Hospital. Sen-.
temoer 10, 1893, John Burns, aged 51 years.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, September 10, 1896,
John Michael Callaghan. beloved husband of
Mary Callagban. son of Michael Cal'aghan, and
son-in-law of Thomas and Mary Joycj, a native
of Bus. on. Mass., aged 39 years. Late member
of tour. Colma No. 83, Foresters of America. .
HOWARD— In this -Ity, September 8, 1896. Mar-
garet, relict of the lain John W. Howard.
KUFE— September 10, 18-8. Edwin Ralph, Infant
son of Cornelius J. and Eliza Kufe, aged 3
months and 1 5 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 9, 1893,
Catherine, belove-1 wife of the late Patrick Mc-
Carthy and . mother of C. W., J. F. and Daniel
McCarthy and Mrs. J. F. Kelling and Mrs. Wil-
liam Sherd, a native of slcibbt-reen, County
Core. Ireland, azed 61 years.
i*2~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO- MO It It;) vv *
(sat unlay), at 8:30 o'clock a. _, from b?r late
residence, southwest corner of - Army and Sao-
cues streets, thence to si. Paul's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. if. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. •
McGUIRE— In this city, September -9, 1898,
Henry, beloved husband 01 .Bridget McGulre,
father of Thomas ' H. McUulre, Mrs. J. B. Wrla
and Mrs. J. F. ulaKe, and brother of Mrs. Mar-
garet K-arus. a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 51 years.
afSTTbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. J. B. Wrin, 710 San
Jose avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church, Twen- .
ty-ninth and Church streets, where a sole ma
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poso of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
interment Holy Cross Cemetery, . Please omit
flowers.
MABKS-In Alameda, September 9, 1896, Wil-
liam, beloved husbanl of Hattle A. Marks' and
son of Adelaide M. and the lute John J. Marks,
a native of sau Francisco, aged 26 years.
jO~FriendB and acqulantance3 are respect-
fully Invited to attend ■ the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Saturday), at '& o'clock p. m., at
.the residence of his mother, southwest corner
Pierce : and Halght streets, . San Francisco, in-
terment L O. O. F. Cemetery, ban Francisco.
NYMAN — In this city, September 9. 1896, Serena
Ny man. beloved wife of Andrew Ny man, sU'.eir
of Mrs. Bertna Olseu, Anna and Omand Swend-
sen, a native of Norway, aged 26 years i month
and Ik days.
£iJ""lTrifc!iids and . acquaintance* are respect-
' fully mv.tea to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Friday), at 1 o'clock v. m.. from her late resi-
deuce, 1-06 Pownuttan aveoao, thence to Scan-
dinavian .Lutheran < hurch. Howard street. b->-
-tivciMi Twelfth and Thirteenth, where funeral
servioe* will be held, commencing at '-'o'clock
. p. it - Interment LOO. F. Cemetery. . <
STODDARD— In this city, September 0, 1898,
Ella F., beloved daughter of James H. Stoddard,
and sister of Jennie, James, Lilly, Charies, May
and Alma stoddard. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1» years. [Chicago and Milwaukee papers
please copy.J -
4_"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toa'tend me funeral TO-MORRO.V
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dent:*; of her father, 508 Post street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requie.n mass
will be held for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock a. m.
WHITMAN— In this city, September 10,1898,
Henry Whitman, beloved . husband of Margaret
Whitman; a native of New York, aged &1 years.
YOUNG— In this city, September 9, 1896. Ivy
Elm ra, youngest daughter or L. G. You tut, a na-
tive of . San Francisco, aged 'i months and 24
days." iy.'.r .. ■ ■■. ■ ' " . ; ■■. •' ■ ~
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,. 1
FUNKRAL DIEECTORS * EMBALM; RS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. r
Telephone 308 a
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO , COUNTY: -NEAREST. CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex/
elusive; location unexcelled. OtUce HV7 Market
street, sguiUeaa; coraoc at tjiXUk .
1516
THE EQUALIZERS DENOUNCED.
Raising the City's Assess=
ment Roll Branded as
Unequal and Unjust.
CITIZENS RISE AGAINST THE
ADDED BURDEN.
The State Board Transcended Its
Lawful Powers in Forcing an
Arbitrary Increase.
IMMEDIATE INJUNCTION FROM THE
SUPREME COURT WANTED.
Merchants' Association and the Citizens'
Charter Association Unite in the Popu=
lar Demand for Relief.
RESOLVED, By the citizens, mer
chants and taxpayers of San Francisco
in meeting assembled this tenth (10th)
day of September, 1896, that we em
phatically denounce this arbitrary
action of Messrs. 3lorehnu.se, Beanier
and Arnold in the State Board of Equal
ization, as unequal, unjust and unfair.
RESOLVED, That a sense of justice
should prevail, and that the State
Board of Equalization make public
their cause for the increase, since the
assessed valuation of 8357, 000,000
thin year i 8 now raised by them 2O per
cent, while the assessed valuation last
year of $327,000,000 -was accepted by
them as fairly representing the actual
value of all property in this City and
County liable to taxation.
RESOLVED, That the laws of Cali
fornia have clearly defined the prov
ince of the Stale Board of Equalization
to see ihat the asiensment of one county,
as a whole, is equal in per cent of value
to the average assessment of other coun
ties; and that the -tate Board of Equal
ization hag unreasonably and unwar
rantably transcended it* lawful power*
in forcing an arbitrary increase in the
present high valuation of San Francisco;
and that the Board of Supervisors of
this City and County, representing the
municipality, ascertain at once the l«gal
rights of this City to secure an imme
diate injunction from the Supreme Court
of the State of California, in order that
this summary proceeding of the - tat?
Board of Equalization may be judlcia' ly
reviewed and if possible reversed, and
this threatened outrage upon the oeople
of San Francisco frustrated and nullified.
RESOLVED, That a certified copy of
these resolutions be forwarded at once
to the State Board of Equalization at
Sacramento, and to the Board of Super
visors of the City aud County of San
Francisco.
At the quarterly meeting of the Mer
chants' Association last evening in the
hall of the Academy of Sciences, these
resolutions were unanimously adopted.
The Citizens' Charter Association was well
represented by its most active members,
and, as they had no voice in the premises,
they very successfully showed rheirheaity
approval by applauding vigorously. Both
bodies rose up against the increase by the
State Board of Equalization in the valu
ation of the assessment roll of San Fran
cesco, and this was their united expression
of sentiment on the subject.
The_ resolutions were introduced by
Maurice A. Rothchild of the "Wertheimer
Company, a director of the Merchants'
Association, and in conjunction with the
following preamble:
Whereas, The assessed valuation of prop
erty In San Francisco, as made by the Assessor
ttiis yenr exc.eds $357,000,000, showing an
increase of over $100,000,000 during tbe past
ten years and nearly $oO,i»OU, 000 during the
past fiscal year; mid whereas, the present as
sessment of $357,000,000 is equal to $1000
assessment for every man, woman and child
lv the Ciiy end County of ban Francisco, and
proportionately next "to the highest of any
large ciiy in thu United States, and nierher
than tne assessment oi property in any other
county of this State, being 27% per cent
increase in San Francisco durin™ the
last five years as against only IJ^ per
cent Increase in the balance of California;
and whereas, notwithstanding a voluntary
increase by the City of $30,000,000 in the
valuation of San Francisco over last year's
assessment, a majority of one in the State
Board of Equalization has arbitrarily ordered
*n increase of 20 percent In the assessed valu
ation of this City, thus raising the present
assessment roll of San Francisco for State pur
poses to $422,000,000 and burdenfnjr tlie tax
payers of this City with an increase of »axes
this year ot about $300,000, thereiore, etc.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association called the meeting to
order when the hall was comfortably
filled with well-known citizens.
Without delay the quarterly report of
the board of directors was read by J. Rich
ard Freud, secretary of the association.
Among other things the report contained
tne following :
The ramd increase In the membership of the
association is most gratifying to those who
have devotedly watched its progress from
forty-seven members two and oue-hulf years
ago to its present encouraging roll of G59
regular members. During the past quarter the
association has gained 254 new members.
The classified list recently published com
prises over 150 diversified industries. The
total capital represented by tbese numerous
firms exceed! $200,000,000 of the assessable
wealth of San Francisco. When it is remem
bered that nearly all of the members of the
Merchants' Association are business firms, con
taining several partners and many employes,
HEW TO-DAY.
I The Source 1
Kj of much misery is the stomach. §3
la The source of quick and per- $3
;-v.V: manent relief is
Fred Brown's !
j JAMAICA GIKGE3 j
Hj A spoonful in water makes a £c
gg pleasant drink — an efficient :'. : £
B5 remedy. Prevents cold after [§g
«■':• exposure. Sold every where. P5
Eg FRED BKOW.N CO., PhlUdelpM*. raj
i It la safe to say that those immediately con-
I nected with tbe association comprise at least
I 5000 representative citizens of Sun Francisco.
Ii is the ardent hope of your board of directors
to announce before the expiration of its term
next May that the roll of the Merchants' Asso
ciation exceeds 1000 regular members.
Comparatively cleau streets was one of the
first results of the Merchants' Assoeiati n.
Since the inauguration of this improved
system of street cleaning a superintendent has
been employed by the association to look after
the streets of the City. The present condition
of the streets justifies the assertion that the
present contractors are faithfully executing
the SDecifications of this association as adopted
by the City.
Your board of directors believe in clean side
walks as well as clean streets. Two sidewalk
sweepers are regularly employed by the asso
ciation, and our efforts in this direction have
j met with such ht arty approval thni we hooe
j it is only a question of a short time when the
City will aad this service, as recommended by
th .- association, to its regular street-cleaning
department.
Tiiis association has made earnest and per
sistent efforts to secure sprinkling of the
streets by the City in a systematic and uni
form manner. We regret to report that the
City authorities have not complied with our
wishes in this particular. It is all the more
inexcusable, because the Rum required for the
purpose does not exceed $10,000 per annum,
an imperceptible amount in the vast annual
appropriations. Believing that the proper
sprinkling of tbe streets of San Francisco with
its high winds and sandy soil involves not
only the comfort but also the hea.th of our in
habitants, your board will never relax its
determined efforts in this direction, until the
streets of our City are systematically sprinkled
by the municipality, as in every otner pro
gressive city in the world.
The failure of the City authorities during
the pust fiscal year to replace the cobbles in
many levei downtown biocks with more mod
ern pavements has been disappointing to the
public. Renewed efforts will be made to
secuieoutof the tax levy for the ensuing fis
cal y<_-ar at ieast sufficient to repave the most
objectionable cobbled blocks in the City. Your
board will continue to experiment with wood,
I a?phaltum, brick and other materials to test
REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE.
850 Market Street.
The undersigned special committee, appointed by the Republican
County Committee, unanimously adopted the following resolutions:
Whereas, The State Board of Equalization has arbitrarily raised
the assessment of the City and County of San Francisco 20 per cent
over and above the assessment returned by the Assessor; and
Whereas, The Assessor, after a careful review of the assessable
property of the City, raised the assessed value of the same over
$30,000,000 over the assessment of 1895 ; and
Whereas, !-aid increase is in fact greater than the increase in
the actual value of the property in this City and County during
the past year ; and
Whereas, The people of this City will thereby suffer from unjust
and burdensome taxation ; and
Whereas, -Notwithstanding the strenuous efforts of our repre
sentative in the State Board of Equalization, the Hon. A. Chese
brough, with the co-operation of the Hon. E. P. Colgan, State
Controller, the people of this City and County nave been subjected
to an excessive and unequal proportion of State taxation.
Resolved, That we denounce the said action of the majority of
the State Board of Equalization as unfair and prejudicial to the
: advancement of the interests of the City and County of San Iran-
Cisco, and commend the earnest efforts of those who by their
action and conduct stood up manfully for the cause of honesty
and justice. CHARLES W. MAN WARING,
JOHN M- CHRETIEN,
E. J. CASEY,
J. ALVA WATT,
Committee.
San Francisco, September 10, 1896.
theircomparative merits for the tuture pave
ment of Market street and other thorough
fares of the City.
The untiring* efforts of this association for
over a year to secure further transfer privi
leges to the public have at last been crowned
with success. The through streetcar service
from the Mission along Kearny street, as well
as the additional transfer privileges to resi
dents of the Western Addition, encourage
your board in the hope that its earnest en
deftvors to have the system of streetcar
transfers extended to every part and portion
of the City, so that a single fare will secure a
continuous trip iv one direction from one end
to the other end of the City.
The rrise in valuation of the assessment
roll is reviewed at length and action was
recommended in the manner presented in
Rothchild's resolutions. With regard to
the charter the report says:
More than a year ago the Merchants' Associa
tion began to consider the momentous ques
tion of securing a new organic law for Snn
Francisco. In trying to improve the material
conditions of this City it soon became apparent
that no permanent reiorms could be effected
nor beneficial results fully secured until the
system of our municipal government had been
changed. Careful study of the new charter
convinced the officers and directors of the
Merchants' Association that it is decidedly
superior to the existing government of San
Francisco. The members of the association
have consistently sustained the position of the
board in its vigorous campaign in favor of the
adoption of the new charter.
TIH immediate result of these efforts of the
Merchants' Association has ben the creation
of tne Citizens' Chartei Association, with
whom it is indeed a great pleasure to hold this
joint meeting to-uight. The sole aim of the
Charter Association Is to secure the ratification
and adoption of the new charter for San Fran
cit-eo, and the Merchants' Association will ever
sustain it in this patriotic work aud always
feel a pardonable pride in its successful achiev
menls.
It was after this interesting document
was read that the formal demand for im
mediate and prompt action at law was
made in Rothchild's resolutions. The
result was greeted with applause, and
without ceremony lit. Dohrmann handed
the chair over to James D. Phelan, who
called the meeting of the Charter Associa
tion to order.
Reports* were submitted by committees
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1896.
on credentials and membership, en finance,
on press and publication, on meetings and
speakers, on law and legislation and on
platforms, on parties and elections. The
committee on credentials reported favora
bly on delegates from several societies and
public bodies of San Francisco.
The report on press and publication was
to the effect that 20.000 copies of the com
plete charter will be printed for free dis
tribution, and that 10,000 additional copies
of the "synopsis" have been printed in
pamphlet form and are now being distrib
uted free. As many as 8000 copies of
James D. Phelan' s essay and 6000 of Post
master McCoppin's speech have been pub
lished.
A comparative pamphlet of the old and
the new laws will be issued to the number
of 75,000. Other addresses on the subject
will be issued.
Several public meetings will be held as
part of the campaign work.
Tbe committee on election reported that
a formal request will be sent to the Board
of Election Commissioners for a definite
answer to the resolutions adopted by the
association reearding election matters.
Edward R. Taylor, chairman of the law
and legislation committee reported as fol
lows:
In regard to the question raised as to
whether there is sufficient provision in the
proposed charter for the eiection of officers
under it I beg to say that I have reached the
conclusion that while the matter is not en
tirely free from all doubt, yet the weight is
decidedly on the side of a construction which
will make the charter effective. This conclu
sion is based upon the following considera
tions: It is a cardinal rule of statutory con
struction that the whole body of the statute
must be examined for the purpose of ascer
taining its general scheme and intent, and
that all contradictions therein must be so
reconciled as to comport with that scheme and
intent. Looking at the proposed charter un
der the stress of tliis rule we are forced to the
conclusion that the scheme of officers therein
set up embraces an elective and an appointive
one.
True, those to be appointed are specifically
mentioned, not only as to the fact of appoint
ment, but as to the manner of appointment,
while as to tbe remaining officers the charter
is silent, except section 26 of article XIV, page
210, wherein the charter provides for vacan
cies as to offices made by the charter "elec
tive," and aiso to officers holding offices mnde
"elective" by the charter holding their offices
until the expiration of the terms fur which
they were elected. This, however, shows be
yond all question that the scheme is one of
elective as well as of appointive officers, and
this being so the courts are bound to presume
that those who are not to be appointed are to
be elected Dy the people. This is re-enforced by
the provision in the schedule as to the first
election to be held for municipal officers under
the charter, which provision must necessarily,
under the rule here invoked, be held to apply
to all officers who can be brought under it;
and this necessurily includes only those wbo
are not to be appointed.
Inat the charter is ambiguous in the matter
here under discussion there can be little
doubt; but it ia by reason of this very am
biguity that construction is called upoD to
perform it.s office. It is never so called upon
where there is no ambiguity. In this latter
case the courts will never add to or subtract
from the statute in order to give it a different
meaning from that plainly set out ; but where
the meaning is ambiguous or is obscure the
courts will even, in the interest of statutory
effectiveness, control the strict letter of the
law when such letter would lead to possible
contradiction or absurdity.
HOLDING CONSULTATIONS.
Colonel Taylor and Clerk Russell
of the Supervisors Looking
Up the Law.
Tbe injustice of tne action of tbe State
Board of Equalization in raising Ban
Francisco 20 per cent has not been lost
sight of by the City officials, and an im
portant conference was held yesterday
looking to definite action in tbe matter.
Ex-Justice of tbe Supreme Court McKui
stry, who is supposed to be as well if not
better posted on the question of the right
of tbe State board to reassess San Fran
cisco than any one in the City, was called
upon by Colonel C. L. Taylor, chairman
of tbe Finance Committee, and John A.
Russell, clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
and asked to look into the legal aspect of
the matter and determine tbe rights of
tbe municipality in the premises.
Colonel Taylor believes thai the State
board has no ripht to interfere with tbe
valuation of San Francisco property as
ii.xed for th* purposes of local taxation,
and that tbe law will prevent "the crime,"
as he calls it, of raising the total valuation
of City property.
He thinks that the rate for City and
County purposes should be allowed to
stand as it is now, and that the raise
should fall only on the State's portion.
Thus, if a piece of property is assessed at
$1000, the State's portion for taxation pur
poses will be about $420, ana it is 20 per
rent of this that the chairman of the
Finance Committee wants to add, instead
of 20 per cent of the whole $1000.
Such a measure has been found legal
before and it is hoped to prove it so this
time.
"This is nothing less than a crime," said
Colonel Taylor last evening, "but we shall
try to mitigate the consequences as much
as possible. The State board raises the
valuations of the State a total of some
thing over $75,000,000 and we are expected
to dtand over $64,000,000 of this. I think
that the law will prevent the raising of
valuations over and above the amount
devoted to the raising of State taxes, and
that we shall be able to head off the per
petration of another similar crime next
year.
'■If we allow the raise to co over the entire
City, next year when the Assessor fixes
valuations about as they are this year the
State equalizers will call attention to the
fact that valuations are lower and will put
another raise on. This we must prevent
and the way I have mapped out is the
only one in sight as far as I know. Mr,
Russell and myself will meet Judge Me-
Kinslry aeain to-day and try to put the
matter in the proper form to decide the
course we will pursue."
The Cowboy Detective.
K. D. Wilber, 630 Market street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
charging Sol Simon, the cowboy detective, with
embezzlement. He alleges tnat Simon on
June 10 bousht a typewriter valued at $75
jrom Annie C. Busteed, promising to five her
the money in a few dnys. He has not done so
and retains possession'of the typewriter.
Visiting cards and invitations printed or en
graved at moderate prices. San born, Vail <fc Co.*
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS-
PRICE^OTInTWo
PRICES AM LITERALLY CUfTEr^WO on the foflowing and the many
PRICES ARE LITERALLY CUT IN TWO on the following and the many
other lines with which our GREAT CLOSING-OUT SALE of $300,000
WORTH OF DRY GOODS and CLOAKS continues, for the quantity of
goods to be disposed of is so tremendous that we are forced . to mark
everything down «^e <g ac ac <& as ac ac ac a« a« <£ <g \g ae "Ue J ■■■«* «^
REGARDLESS OF COST OR SACRIFICE
LADIES' KID^ GLOVES. COLORED DRESS GOODS. RIBBONS! RIBBONS! HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR.
"Salls** 5 " "«StK |pSiSB T i"lll E fe=
closed out at 35c a pair. • aca ard ' will be closed out at 5c a yard. double heels and toes, fast black,
A 4 - n fj.-.M regular vaiue $2 a dozen, will be closed
HAIVtrifcTPDrHIFFS 37 Pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL At 7K Cents. out at 10c a pair.
HANr»kTFPrHIFFS 37 E ieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL At 1% Cents. v
nAlNfJKtKtnicrs. FANCY 'CHEVIOT MIXED SUIT- No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND
» INGS, winter colorings, reduced from GROS-GKAIN RIBBON, in assorted a* is r- «•
At £1 Cents Each. . $1 to 50c a y>rd. colors, will be closed out at 7^c a yard, ooq dozen T A *}* *)i?!} *!; 4n^_. . __
300 dozen LADIES" WHITE LAWN COTTOV Hot* E u BLAC S A ?°
. HANDKEB.CHIEFS, with # Brabant . ' doVble sol2SVo« t heels.
Lace edtre ? reeular price $1 20 Der ■ ' double soles and toes, fast black, regu-
dozen, 'reduced?; fS 'ea^h? . * P " SILK DEPARTMENT ! LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. la "alue 25c, reduced to 15c a pair. °
At 75 Cents a Yard. 50~F t At 25 Cc
' 6000 yards CHANGEABLE TAFFETA ■"* "" Cents. At is Cents.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. SILK, in all the latest shadings regu- 10 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of 100 dozen LADIES BLACK MACO COT-
— — lar value $1, will be placed on sale at cood quality percale, in all fancy TON HOSE, heavy weight, unbleached
At 25 Cents 75c a yard. shades, latest style pioods, with bishop feet » double bee s and toes, Hermsdorf
129 dozen EXTRA FINE ALL-SILK ;*; sleeves, worth $1 and $125. will be black, regular value $4 50 per dozen,
l^a&b^.^^-S: WASH GOODS MVASH GOODS! " «^ -rfK.^
sortment of colorings, usual price 50c ah ™-r rHTNirTvn <5TJ i i ßC!TTr'in7 < "i?Q ** m- /~- 1 . _ —
and 75c, will.be closed out at 25c each. AII ODDMENTS i INCH rHpSS 1 t .m^. ™¥ 7 ° Cents - At .35 Cents.
i. : PERCALES 'etc that CHEVIorS, LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and 125 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK
' • PERCALES, etc., that were 10c r fiC, C uff , "Stanley waist.'" all fancy CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, hish-
At 25 Cents. Un sale at OU shades, regular price $1 25 and $1 50, spliced heels, double soles and toes,
35 dozen BOYS' LATEST STYLE FAUN- ' closed out at 7oc each. regular price 50c, reduced to 3sc a pair.
TLEROY BLOUSES, made of fine HEAVY TENNIS FLANNEL, a fair as- • '— _ :, ; . .- . -> ._
quality fancy percale, with ruffled sortment, some worth B^c. On ~ o . ftl _ • ,:,., . ,
front, collar and cuffs, sizes 3 to 9. sale at.... O\j At *i.UU. At 25 Cents
regular pric« 500 - will be closed out at — » 01^ dftSs£ E^Js^Sd 75 dozen LA ™el' JERSEY - RIBBED
200 each ' ; __, ■■ Broken Lines of FINE IMPORTED DIM- striped and figure™ 'percalet, thi3 se^ EGYPTIAN ; COTTON VESTS, high
At 10 fent. ' ITIE on ORGANDIES, etc., that -| A p son^s goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, SS&J&fl 66^ regUlar PriCe «*
96 dozen M^'S SSdIUM-WBIGHT were 20c and 2oc_On sale at. ... IUC will be closed out at U each. reduced to 25c each.
WW^SStm TH W^Tl:ack L °^na^T At 75 Cents.
?^s2Sffi?ift d ffc!^ O «tSl0; pounds. 0n5a1ea t .....:..... y lOC CAps AND _ SKIRTSI 93 doze^ LAD^ESJ
air * '■ . A'f or f long and short sleeves; drawers to
CORSFTS I COP^FTS! -„. «n^,r n ■~ a Cents. match; warranted non-shrinkable, reg-
LADIES' SUITS. WUK:>CI: ' CORSETS! CHILDREN'S CAPS, made of embroi- uiar price $1, reduced to 75c each.
1 .'■ . A . ___ uered silk, full ruche, silk strings, -w ,
A"T7~ Qrt • At $1.00. will be closed out at 25c each. Bf .
At $4.90. :•,,;,„.-, 75 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN At <ti on
LADIES' CLOTIk SUITS, skirts lined CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, 50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY pttjuwi
and velveteen, bound box jackets with two side steels each side, made with . At 50 Cents. °" COTTON AND WOOL nNIOI?smT?
ripple back, colors brown and gray patent loop eyelets. em Droidered with LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL SKIRTS hinh neck : sleeves ankle lenJth
[/I/ Murphy Building, / fg(f Murphy Building, / (/(/ Murphy Building, / Ulf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market anfl Jones Streets. I Martet and Jones Strega. Market and Jones Streets.
THE FAIR SISTERS
"HURRY THE CASE"
They Will Move for an
Order to Go to Imme
diate Trial.
THE MINORS' STATUS.
An Answer at Last Filed to
Van R. Faterson's
Contest
A LONG LIST OF DENIALS.
The Interminable Line of Preliminary
Technicalities Bids Fair to Ba
Brought to a Close.
The attorneys for Theresa A. Oelrichs
and Virginia Fair, Messrs. Garber, Boalt
& Bishop, Lloyd & Wood and Wilson <fc
Wilßon, yesterday filed their answer to
Van R. Paterson's fourth amended op
position to the Fair will of the 24th; and
not only that, they gave notice that they
would move the court to-day for an order
setting the cause for immediate trial.
Tuis wears the appearance of really
"expediting the case" and no doubt the
proceedings this morning will have more
than their usual interest.
In the answer filed the defendants deny
that Van R. Paterson was ever appointed
by the court to contest the will of Septem
ber 24; they deny that that will was not
dated, written and signed by James G.
Fair, basing their denial on the ground
that they "have no information or belief
upon the subject safficient to enable them
to answer"; they deny that under the will
of the 24th the contesting heirs would
take less than under tue will of the 21st.
They make the separate answer and de
fense that the plaintiffs are not interested
in the estate of the deceased; that the
only claim of interest in the estate of the
deceased which the minor contestants
make adversely to the will of the executor
is under the will of the 21st, "which docu
ment is the same which the minor con
testants in the amended opposition aver to
be the last will and testament of the de
ceased."
The answer goes on to state that on the
21st of September and at tne time of his
death the deceased was tne owner of a
tract of some thirty blocks of unimproved
land valued at several million dollars,
which at tne time of his death was being
improved at an expenditure of more than
♦300,000, and it would require a large ex
penditure further to make the land pro
ductive, and that the land was mortgaged
for about $500,000.
It is also stated that the deceased was
owner of personal property valued at seve
ral million dollars and that the area of
the unimproved land belonging to the
estate in this City and County alone is
such that the entire amount of the Der
sonal property might be consumeJ in so
improving the said realty to make the
same productive of income.
The defendants pray that the court pro
ceed to try first the issue herein joined as
to the interest and right of Herman
Oelrichs Jr. and of Wesley E. Crothers
(son of Margaret J. Crothers), and of
Emma Fair, Eva Lena Fair. John Fair and
Virginia Fair (children of William Fair),
and James Fair (son of Andrew Fair).
Notice was given that Theresa A. Oel
richa and Virginia Fair will move the
court this morning for an order that the
issues as to the status and right of the
minors be determined before any other
issue and that the court set the cause for
immediate trial.
GAMES AT THE PRESIDIO
Events of Admission Day In Which the
Competitors Were the Soldiers of
the Garrison.
The soldiers at the Presidio had Admis
sion-day athletic games which interested
the entire garrison and called in some
spectators from outside. A miscellaneous
list of games took place during the fore
noon. In the afternoon a baseball game
came off between nines representing the
Light Battery and the Heavy Battery,
l'he events and results were as loJlows:
100-yard dash, won by Corporal Bould
of D Battery in 11 seconds. This result
was foreshadowed in the third trial beat,
which was won by Corporal Bould. The
other trial heats, in order, were won by
Corporal Gunther of Battery F and Rior
dan of I Battery.
Tlie broad jump was won by Private
Murphy of Battery F, 17 feet' 4 inches.
The 16-pound hammer throw and putting
the 16-pound shot were both won by Marsh
of Battery A, whose record was 98 feet in
the first-named event and 38 feet in the
last.
No time was taken in several events, in
which the winners were as follows: Mile
run, sixteen starters, Sweet oi F Batttery;
hurdles, Corporal Bould; 220-yard dash,
Corporal Bould. The standing high jump
was also won by Corporal Bould, at 4 feet
9 inches. Vann of A Battery was tue win
ner of the bicycle race and Kelly of D
Battery won the 50-yard backward race.
In the ball game the batteries were:
Heavy Battery— Kearney, pitcher; Rior
dan, catcher. Light Battery— Murphy,
catcher; Muller, pitcher. The game was
won by the Heavy Battery, the score be
ing 9to 3. Money prizes were put up for
the events. Lieutenant Harm was the
referee, Dr. Frick starter, Captain Roberts
officer in charge, Private Muller of D Bat
tery announcer. Games will be held on
the second Wednesday of each month.
DEATH OF MRS. LORING.
A L,ady Well Known In California
Passes Away in Calais.
The Calais Advertiser of Wednesday,
August 12, contains the following notice of
the death of an estimable California lady:
"Mrs. Bessie McLeod Loring of California
died at the residence of W. H. Allen on
Monday, August 10, aged 40 years. She
was Mrs. Allen's niece, but was always re
garded and treated as a younger sister,
her mother having died when Mrs.
Loring was in her infancy. She came
to our city with her two boys last Sep
tember. Her husband is now on his
way, hopine to arrive in season to see
his wife once more before the final partin ;
but this ;s not to be his privilege. Mrs.
Lorine has been in frail health for years,
and it was booed that her native air would
prove a permanent benefit. She suffered
greatly dunntr her last illness, but with
marvelous patience has been uncomplain
ing. She was beautiful in person and in
character, and had many friends in Cali
fornia as well as in Maine. Besides her
husband she leaves two promising sons,
aged 15 and 9 years respectively. It is now
expected that the funeral will occur on
Saturday at 2:30 o'clock standard."
Onb million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily."Advertise now. Mj-ell Kollins,22 Clay.*
• — ♦ »
. Asia is growing in population faster than
either Europe or America, the- gain; in
India alone between 1861 and 1891 reach
ing 33,000,000. '
TWO YOUTHFUL FOOTPADS
They Hold Up a Messenger-Boy
and Rob Him of a
Scarfpin.
Nick Murphy, One of the Youngsters,
Arrested, the 0 her Made His
Escape.
James Robinson, a messenger-boy, em
ployed by the San Francisco District
Telegraph Company, was assaulted and
robbed on Sansome street last evening at
6 o'clock by Nick Murphy, a street Arab,
13 years of age, and another youngster
whose name is unknown.
Robinson was on his way to the King
Morse canning establishment, corner of
Sansome street and Broadway, wnen the
robbery occurred. He reached Jackson
street, and was about to cross Sansome,
when he was confronted by Murphy and
his young "pal."
These two embryo footpads imme
diately sailed into the messenger, with the
object in view of making a tborougn
and up-to-date job. Finding that the
messenger had no money on his person,
Murphy, as alleged by Robinson, grabbed
his scarfpin, valued at %'l or $3, and, ac
companied by his partner in crime, ran
down the street.
Robinson reported the case to Policeman
Dwyer, who, after a short search, located
Murphy and placed him under arrest.
The youthful prisoner was taken to the
California- street Police station, where he
was identified by Robinson as the boy who
stole his pin. Young Murp y refuses to
give tbe name of his pal who, in all proba
bility, will escape arrest.
A WOUNDED BURGLAR.
Chris Christiansen Arrested for At
tempting to Enter the Keaidence
of George McCraith.
Chris Christiansen, a waiter 21 years of
age, appeared in Judge Low's court yes
terday morning to answer a charge of at
tempted burglary, and the case was con
tinued till to-morrow.
Christiansen was arrested Wednesday
night by Lieutenant Burke and Policeman
Murrin. Tney learned that he had told a
story of having been fired at and wounded
by a robber Tuesday night, and it occurred
to them he mis^ht be the burglar who at
tempted to enter the residence of George
McCraith, 311 Church street, Tuesday
night, and was fared at and shot by Mc-
Craitb.
They went to the house cf his brother
2125 Fifteenth street, where he resided
and found him in bed. He had a wound
in his scalp, and after hearing his story
the lieutenant asked to see his hat. His
brother brought ii, and there were bullet
holes in the crown and brim. The lieu
tenant made Christiansen dress himself
and placed him under arrest.
McCraith says he resembles ti-.e burglar
in size and build, but he could swear to
his voice, as he heard him cry out when
He shot him.
Slashed Her Nose.
Mr«. Elizabeth Moock, wife of Peter
Moocli, butcher, San Francisco Market, Clay
street, was slashed across the nose by her hus
band at their home, 51 Tehama street, last
night.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Boys'
Stylish
Shoe
11111
Boys' and Youths' razor toe
Calf Shoe — made like our fine
shoes for men. Has that grace
and "snap" about it that makes
you feel proud of yourself.
I The Factory Price $1.75 and
$2.00. .
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P. M. Saturdays, 10 P.M.
™ i __.
A
lriiiii t 4e m ■**jf* jf^ *&*G%^*Bk
Stream
of
Gold
Has flowed Eastward Ml
from California since _^^*j^^^.
'49. Among: the few <^"tJJXo?" f
articles of homemanu- I j <« « ■■->
facture that have I N«lf
checked this ceaseless I j -ARK * <
drain, "STANDARD 1 r=n rrii
SHIRTS" stand pre- O • 0 1
eminent. All dealers. X O V ;
J&UUIYSf
IS THE VERY BEST I XX TO EXAMISB
your eyes an<l tit them to spectacles and Eye-
glasses wuh instruments of his own invention,
whO3e superiority baa not been equaled, iiy suo-
cess ha» been due to the merits of i*y work.
OlHce Hours— 12 to 4 p. it
fflsjsms Belts for $30.
HBj<J| -^^V^^ij» ukl-fashioned ana poorly
»ff^-^'->il : A-- made, can be had by pay-
KfclbfiFß^STw'f;:-;^ 1i; your money to electrio
.^^gy^^Sh^. belt --quacica" and travel-
-^*»i* -.^^ci/.:\\S ii g "faKers." For a first-
» ■ -CUi 1 '< • " class, article at a reasonable
•2tst> price « rite or call for . free
W ••■■■ copy of our new book. . DR.
I PIKBCK & UON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearay,
Mcoad, Uiird and lour th floors. San Francisco.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHAKLES H. J»UIL,LIi».S, ATTOBSET-AT
\J law and .Notary Public, 634 Marital st_ oodsl
an* Palace HoteL Telephone 570. ttwiaaaQ*!^