VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 43.
VOICE OF
THE PRESS,
Accessions Gained by the
Bolting Democratic
Newspapers.
LEADING JOURNALS GO
TO M'KINLEY.
Denounce the Chicago Platform
and the Men Who Ruled
the Convention.
DEMANDS FOR AN OPPOSITION
TICKET.
Bryan Likened to a Graceful
Danseuse Who Pirouettes Her
Way to Fame.
DETROIT, Mich., July 12.— The Free
Press, the leading Democratic newspaper
oi Eastern Michigan, to-day announced
that it will not indorse the Chicago piat
form or candidates. The Free Press says:
Waiving any discussion as to the methods
used in securing the adoption of that plat
form, we denounce the monetary, utterance as
mi-Democratic and fraught with serious men
ace to the country and its prosperity. Believ
ing this, there is no alternative course possible
for the Free Press but the sacrifice of honest
conviction, and that sacrifice we cannot make.
The Free Press declares itself to be hereaiter
free from any party connection.
The Detroit Tribune (R.) had previously
bolted the St. Louis platform and de
clared for free silver.
The Grand Rapids Democrat, the lead
ing Democratic newspaper of western
Michigan, which favored gold before the
convention, accepts the platform, declares
that the platform is the accepted creed of
the party for this campaign , and says
Democrats who don't like it can find com
fort and company on the Republican side
of the fence.
CHICAGO. 111., July 12.— Chicago
Chronicle (D.) in a double-leaded editorial
says: » „
i "It is necessary that the Democrats of
the United States should call another
convention. The one held in the Coliseum
■ »£"■. Obiesi'O b« ■ beeu. controlled: -by tbr,
foes 'of « commerce, of labor, . of 7 Bound
finance ■.' and of Democracy. It ■ has no
claim to the title 'Democratic' The duty
devolves upon the Democratic leaders who
' have been ignored, reviled and scuffed at
by the enemies of Democracy- in the
Coliseum, gathering to issue a call for a
real Democratic convention. : Ample time
remains for the assembling of such a con
vention. With proper concert of action
among the leaders of Democracy in the
various States the preliminaries can be
arraneed at once and the convention can
be held not later than September 1. The
Democrats of the country have not been
represented at Chicago. They have been
. delivered into the hands of their enemies.
They must meet and organize against
their forces. Let another convention be
called."
S NEW HAVEN, Conn., July 12.—
New Haven Register says concerning the
Bryan nomination:
it was a characteristic performance from
all point.-- of view. The platform, which is a
i;iiis of reckless statements and false con
clusions, disclosed as nothing else could the
irresponsibility of the majority. It required
but a graceful dancer to whirligig upon It to
impart to It the atmosphere of romance and
pission, which it lacked .of Itself.' The ac
complished dancer came in the person of Mr.
Bryan. His graceful and sensuous movement,
liie charming poise of the limb, the flash of
the eye and the music of the voice set the
audience on tire.
It turned to him from the older and stiffer
dancer with the ardor and desire of flcile
youth. It abandoned its. old premiere dan
teuse. Mile. Bland, who for so many years'
twirled on her sliver toes, to the uproarious
delight of these same advocates of the political
ballet.
DAVENPORT, lowa, July 12. — The
Davenport Democrat will not support the
free-silver ticket An editorial printed to
day says:
- It is painful to see a party which leu than
four years ago was indorsed by such an over
whelming majority in the election of its leader
to the Presidency now abandon the principles
which led to this most signal triumph. n '
OGDEN, Utah, July 12.— The Ogden
Standard, the tinst paper in the then Ter
ritory of Utah to advocate the obliteration
of Mormon and anti-Mormon factions in
politics and' the dividing upon National
lines and the paper which gave birth to
the State Republican organization when
the division came, thif morning places
the name of William J. Bryan at the head
of its editorial columns and announces its
allegiance to tne Democratic party.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 12. —The Sun
day Union, the Irish society or^an in this
city, in an editorial says:
"The Union is in close contact with the
industrial masses of city and country and
the almost universal disposition among
working and industrial classes is to support
Bryan square, straight and vigorously for
the Presidency."
LACROSSE, Wis., July 12.— This morn
ing's Chronicle (D.) repudiates the Chi
cago convention. It calls for another con
vention and ticket.
DEPENDS UPON NEW YORK
Administration Leaders Undecided
as to the Launching of a
Second Ticket.
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 12.-The
administration leaders were fully prepared
for a free-coinage platform, but they have
notvdecided what position they shall as
sume toward it. Personally, none of the
men of influence who surround President
Cleveland approve either the candidates
or the platform adopted at Chicago. They
do not hesitate in private conversation to
say so, but they are undetermined
whether it were better to nominate a sec
ond ticket representing bound money
The San Francisco Call
views or combine with the Republicans in
support of McKinlev.
Generally speakine, a second ticket is
thought to be inadvisable. It is thought
that by dividing the sound-money vote
the cause itself would be placed in jeo
pardy. It is argued, on the other hand, that
this would prove a source of strength to
the cold standard, inasmuch as many
sound-money Democrats would give their
adhesion to such a ticket who might
otherwise vote for Bryan as a matter of
party loyalty. There is a disposition on
the part of some of the administration
leaders to await the report of the New
Yorkers, particularly Messrs. Whitney,
Flower and others, who returned East
yesterday. It is thought that since these
gentlemen spent a week at Chicago, min
gling freely with representative men in
both wings of the party, they are better
fitted to judge the line of policy to be fol
lowed than those at Washington, who are
dependent for their information upon the
daily press.
CHICAGO'S QUIETSABBATH.
Few Politicians Found at the Scene
of the Late Political
Strife.
CHICAGO, 111., July 12.— The usual
Sunday calm, more noticeable because
of the contrast with the turmoil of last
week, prevailed to-day in the big hotels
where the delegates had reigned supreme.
The gold and the silver representatives of
the Democratic party, with few excep
tions, departed for their homes on the
late trains yesterday and at all hours to
day. The multitude of visitors went
with them and the scenes of political
conflict were almost deserted to-day.
Nearly all the prominent delegates
have gone, the principal exceptions being
the members of the notification commit
tee and the National Committee, which
have business to finish here.
For the gold and silver leaders who re
mained in town it was a day of rest, the
latter being mostly confined to driving
with friends. Ex-Chairman Harrity spent
the afternoon that way and there was no
effort made to hold any conference of
the gold men. The intense heat was not
conducive to indoor work aud there are
not enough gold-standard delegates here
to get up a respectable conference on the
third-ticket question.
Colonel J. W. St. Clair of West Virginia,
who made an eloquent pica in the conven
tion for Senator Hill as temporary chair
man, although a silver advocate, said to
night at the Palmer House to a United
Press reporter:
"I do not think Hill will have anything
to do with another convention. That is
the impression I got from my last talk
with him. There are extremists in New
York and New England, however, who
may force another ticket in the field. I
have not any idea who would be put up.
The Eastern delegates did not want to do
anything hastily on such a ques
tion. It means the disruption of the Dem
ocratic party if another ticket is put up."
The committee of three, representing
the gold-standard Democrats of Illinois,
expects to have its public address in be
naif of another convention ready for pub
lication in a day or two. •
LINCOLNITES ARE ANGRY.
Believe Thqt the Nominees Should
Not Be Notified In New
York.
LINCOLN, Nebe., July 12.— There was a
feeling of keen disappointment, not un
mixed with some resentment, among Lin
coln people when the news was read this
mornineof the action of the Democratic
National Committee in determining to
have the two candidates of the party for
mally notified of their nominations at New
York City instead of at their respective
homes. Citizens of Lincoln had aireauy
begun planning for what it was confidently
predicted would be an epoch in the city's
history, and the action of the committee
was an unpleasant surprise. State and
local pride is at a high pitch, and it was
hoped that the managers of Mr. Bryan's
campaign, or such of them a? are on the
notification committee, would befgiven an
opportunity to see the enthusiasm which
the action at the Chicago convention had
aroused.
This determination will not, however,
have any effect on the demonstration and
reception of Mr. and Mrs Bryan on their
return home, which promises to be the
greatest of the kind ever held in the State.
At the meeting last night it was agreed
to make it an entirely non-partisan affair
and this is emphasized by the fact that on
the different committees leading Repub
licans dominate in the membership. Ex
cursions will be run to the city from every
point in the State and delegations will be
present not only from Nebraska* cities and
towns, but from Colorado, lowa, Kansas
and Missouri.
The nomination of Mr. Bryan was re
ferred to by pastors of the different
churches to-day, notably in the First
Presbyterian, of which the Democratic
nominee is a member and where he is an
enthusiastic worker in the Sunday-school.
All reference to him was of a congratu
latory nature.
The city was not without its usual
demonstration, on a subdued scale, being
due to the arrival at 5 p. m. of the Nebraska
delegation from the convention. They
were met at the depot by a large crowd
and marched to headquarters with flags
and Bryan banners flowing. It will be an
unusually dull day in Lincoln from now
until the novelty wears off when there is
not some demonstration in honor of the
Democratic candidate.
IT MEANS REVOLUTION.
Chairman Mark Hanna's Views on
the Platform Adopted at
Chicago.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. July 12.—Chair
man Hanna of the Republican National
Committee authorizes the following state
ment on the platform and Presidential
nomination at Chicago:
The Domination of ex-Congressman William
Jennings Bryan of Nebraska at Chicago Fri
day afternoon was, I think, simply a climax —
a fitting one— to such a convention, controlled
as it wns by a combination of the most radical
and revolutionary sentiment in politics.
The effect on the country will be to bring to
the surface the honest and patriotic purposes
of all good ana true citizens who think more
of their country* houor and integrity than
party affiliations. It will make this campaign
one of seriousness, because the questions in
volved are the most important as unvoting the
interests of the country that have been before
the American people since the Presidential
campaign of 1860.
The Chicago platform means revolution and
repudiation. My judgment is tnat party lines
will be broken up to the great advantage of
the Republicau party, which will stand for all
tun i» irue and American in this issue.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JULY 13, 1896.
McKINLEY GAINS
ADHERENTS DAILY,
Sound - Money Democrats
Pledge Their Active
Support.
WANT NONE OF BRYAN.
Letters From Western Men Give
Assurance of Victory
in November.
COMPLIMENTED ON HIS SPEECH.
Caustic References to tbe Chicago
Platform Received Witn
Approval.
CANTON, Ohio. Jaly 12.— This will be a
week of more than ordinary importance at
Canton. Major McKinley expects a good
many visitors, representing various inter
ests, classess and organization. The
event which is destined to attract the
most attention, however, will be the com
ing of 600 or 800 representative women of
Cleveland on Wednesday to congratulate
Major McKinley on bis nomination and to
assure him that he has in a high degree
their confidence, respect ana admiration.
The mails of yesterday and to-day
brought Major McKinley in the aggregate
more than 100 letters from sound money
Democrats in various parts of the country.
The writers make their communications
in confidence, of course, but 96 per cent of
these letters contain direct promises of
support, coupled with vigorous observa
tions upon the action of the Chicago con
vention. A significant fact In connection
with this correspondence is that qmte one
third of these letters are from Western
Btates, where the inflation sentiment is
supposed to be overwhelming.
This evening Major McKinley received a
number of telegrams complimenting him
upon his speech of Saturday afternoon, in
.wfcich he referred pertinently to the Chi
cago piatform.
TO PRESERVE OUR CREDIT.
Major McKinley Says the Nation's
Financial Status Must Be
Protected.
CANTON, Ohio. July 12.— Several hun
dred members of the J. B. Foraker Club
of Cleveland came down on a special train
last evening to call upon Major McKinley.
In response to the remarks, of greeting
Major McKinley made his first speech
since the Chicago convention aud his
RETOUCHING THE FAMILY PORTRAITS.
references to the action of the convention
lent interest to his utterance*. He spoke
as follows:
"My fellow-citizens: Recent events have
imposed upon the patriotic people of this
country a responsibility and a duty greater
than any since the Civil War. Then it was
a struggle to preserve the Government of
the United States. New it is a struggle to
preserve the financial honor of the United
States. Then it was a contest to save the
Union. Now it is a contest to save spot
less its credit. [Great applause.] Then
section was arrayed against section. Now
men of all sections can unite and will
unite and rebuke the repudiation of oar
obligations and the debasement of our
currency. [Applause.]
"The currency and credit of the Govern
ment are good now ami must be kept good
forever. Our trouble is not with the char
acter of the money we have, but with the
threat to debase it. We have the same
currency that we had in 1892, good the
world over and unquestioned by any peo
ple. Then, too, we had an unexampled
credit and prosperity. Our difficulty now
is to get that money in circulation and in
vested in productive enterprises, which
furnishes employment to American labor.
[Great applause.] This is impossible with
the distrust that hangs over the country
at the present time, and every effort to
make our dollars worth less than 100 cents
each only serves to increase that distrust.
"What'we want is a sound financial and
industrial policy which will give courage
and confidence to all, for when that is
done the money now unemployed because
of fear of the future and lack of confidence
in investments will appear in the chan
nels of trade. [Cries of "You are right,"
and applause]. Gentlemen, the employ*
ment of our i<ile money — the idle money
that we already have— in gainful pursuits
will put every idle man in the country at
work. When there is work there Is wages,
and when there is work and wages there
are consumers, who constitute the best
market for the products of our soil. [Great
applause.]
"Having destroyed business and confi
dence by a free-trade policy it is now pro
posed to make things still worse by enter
ing upon an era of depreciated currency.
Not conteni with the inauguration of the
ruinous po'icy which has brought down
the wages of the laborer and the price of
the furra products its advocates offer a
new policy which will diminish the value
of money and wages and products. [Ap
plause] Against Doth of these we stand
opposed. Our creed embraces an honest
dollar, an untarnished National credit, ad
equate revenues for the uses of the Gov
ernment, protection to labor and industry,
preservation of the home market ana reci
procity which will extend our foreign
markets. Upon this platform we stand
and submit its declarations to the sober
and considerate judgment of the Ameri
can people." [Applause.]
Two Tickets In Delaware.
WILMINGTON, Del., July 12. — The
Higcins and Addicks Republicans have
elected delegates to the separate State con
ventions of the factions which will be held
next week at Georgetown and Dover re
spectively. Efforts are under way to in
duce the two State conventions to unite
on an electoral ticket. This may be ac
complished, but double names for Gov
ernor and Congressman are probable.
CORPSES STREWN
ALONG THE BEACH
Victims of the Japanese
Tidal Wave Buried by
Thousands.
FILL UNMARKED GRAVES
Survivors Unable to Identify the
Mangled Bodies of the
Dead.
DETAILB OF THE CATASTROPHE
Where Populous Cities Once Stood Are
Now Plains Black With
Wreckage.
TOKIO, Japan, June 26.— The horror of
Japan's calamity — the visitation of the
tidal wave— grows as the details become
known more fully.
On the 15th of June, at 8:30 in the even
ing, a seismic wave struck the northeast
coast of the main island throughout a dis
tance of about 200 miles, and in five min
utes 30,000 people were killed and 12,000
bouses destroyed. That is the whole
story. In the case of inundations,
cyclones, or even earthquakes, there is a
record of more or less continuous mis
chief, and of more or less successful strug
gle against the forces of destruction. But
in the case of a seismic wave, one stupen
dous blow accomplishes the whole calam
ity in an instant. At 8:30 the inhabit- ;
ants of numerous towns and hamlets
along the coast were celebrating the
"Boys' Festival" on the fifth day of the
! fifth month, according to the old calen
dar; at 8:35, 30.000 of them had been
■ swept out to sea or thrown dead upon the
shore, ar.d 8000 of their homes had disap
peared or lay wrecked.
Any one can identify the locality of the
disaster by a glance at the map of Japan.
From the island of Kinkwa-san, on the
south (north latitude 38 deg. 15 mm., east j
longitude 141 deg. 30 mm.) to Hachinoye
on the north (north latitude 40 deg. 30
mm., east longitude 131 deg. 30 mm.), the
coast of Rikuzen and Rifeushu provinces
assumes a distinctly convex shape.
Throughout the whole of this bow-like
arc nearly every town and every village
was visited by the wave, the portion be
tween Motoyoshi (north latitude 38 deg. 40
mm., east longitude 141 deg. 28 mm.) and
Yamada (north latitude 39 deg. 28 mm.,
east longitude 142 mm.) suffering most
severely. The general direction of the
ffave appears to have been north by east,
! or, after carrying devastation to the shore
it the main island, it left Yezc on the west,
touching that island at Yerimo Cape only.
There was nothing to presage the disas
;er. From 11 o'clock in the forenoon un
;il 4:30 in the afternoon heavy rain fell. It
was followed by a fine evening and a dark,
:00l night. There is much difficulty in
)btaining perfectly accurate statements
is to the times of phenomena that pre
ceded the final catrastrophe ; they were
too insignificant to seem worth recording.
Several accounts agree, however, that at
7:30 o'clock three or four shocks of earth
quake were felt; not violent shocks,
though of the vertical kind that folks in
Japan have learned to dread. Tne barom
eter pave, at the time, no indication of
inything unusual. Some twenty or twenty
tive minutes later a booming sound be
came audible from the direction of the
sea. It appears to have been variously
interpreted. Some construed it as the
noise of a coming gale ; others supposed
that a huge school of sardines had reached
the ofilng, and others thought that there
was a question of whales.
Only "a very few suspected the real sig
nificance of the sound, and fled inland at
the top of their speed. Rapidly the noise
increased, until it assumed the volume
and deafening din of a great park of ar
tillery, and then, in a moment, waves
from 20 to 30 feet high were thundering
against the shore. The place < where the
actual totals oi' deaths reached the highest
figures were not always those that suffered
most in proportion to their population.
Of the three prefectures visited by the
wave — Iwate, Miyagi and Aomori — Iwate
had by far the largest aggregate of disas
ters, its list of dead mounting to 26,000,
Some of the details, however, convey a
more graphic idea of the facts than any
general statement can suggest.
Kamaisbi is a little seaside town, situ
ated at the bead of a rocky inlet two miles
deep and directly facing the Pacific Ocean.
Behind it is a precipitous hill. The inhab
itants seem to have remained until the last
wholly unconscious of what was pending.
At a little after 8 in the evening a moun
tain of sea was observed piling itself up at
the mouth of the inlet, and in a moment,
with a tremendous roar, waves 30 feet high
swept over the town. Ti.ree times these
avalanches of water rushed forward, the
first incomparably the most terrible, and
in less than two minutes the town was vir
tually annihilated. Out of 1223 dwellings
only 143 remained standing, and out of a
population of 6557 death had overtaken
4700 and 500 lay wounded. In complete
ness of destruction this record heads the
list. Scarcely less appalling was the work
of the wave in a bay some five miles far
ther north.
There, in the village of Futaishi, only
100 persons escaped death out of a popu
lation of 790, and only two houses out of
as many hundreds remained standing. At
Yamada, 700 houses out of 900 were de
stroyed, and 3000 persons were killed out
of 4200. At Toni, 250 houses were swept
away out of 1269, and 1103 persons were
killed and 82 wounded out of a total of
1206. In the Kissen district, one town and
eleven villages attacked by the wave had
6380 persons killed and 1560 houses washed
away or wrecked. At Honeo, the whole
hamlet of 150 houses was annihilated, and
the sole survivors were a party of men
OotUinued on Third Poo*.
PRtea/FIVE CENTS.
TO UNITE
ON BRYAN.
Address Issued From the
Bimetallic Union's
Headquarters.
SILVER MEN URGED TO
COMBINE.
The Chicago Platform and the
Nominee Declared to Be
Satisfactory.
DIVISION OF FOKCES WOULD
BE SUICIDAL.
White. Metal Delegates Asked to
Ratify the Se'ection of the
Nebraskan.
CHICAGO, 111., July 12.— After a two
days' secret session and conference with
prominent members the executive com
mittee of the American Bimetallic Union
adjourned to-day and formally announced
its approval of the Democratic platform
and candidates. The committee appeals
to the silver organizations of the country
«ho intend to send delegates to the St.
Louis convention to unite the silver forces
by indorsing the worK done in the col
iseum.
Thirty odd members of the committee
and outsiders of the union attended the
council which reached this decision. Gen
eral A. J. Warner, president of the union,
presided. There was no division of senti
ment as to indorsement. Following is the
address issued by the committee:
To the members of the American Bimetallic
Union and of all affiliated unions and leagues
throughout the United States, and all other
friends of bimetallism:
Whereas, The Bimetallic Union, being a
consolidation of the American Bimetallic
League, the National Bimetallic Union, tbe
National Silver Committee and other bimetai
lic organizations, called a conference at Wash
ington, D. C. on the 22d day of January last,
at which conference it was determined that
the people in tbe approaching election should
have the opportunity to vote for candidates
for President and Vice-I'resiiieui and ior mem
bers of Congress committed unequivocally to
the restoration of the unrestricted coinage of
both gold and silver on the terms of equality
existing prior to 1873, and to mnke
this determination sure a convention was
called by said conference to meet at St. Louis
on the 22d day of July, there to place in nomi
nation candidates for President and Vice-
President, incase meantime neither ot the two
great parties— as then appeared doubtful—of
fered acceptlble candidates on a platform com
mitting the party and the candidates to the
restoration of the unrestricted coinage of both
gold and silver, and whereas, the Democratic
convention just' ended at Chicago has adopted
a platform containing all that bimetalltsts
nave demanded, fully and unequivocally ex
pressed, and has nominated candidates of dis
tinguished ability and long known as sincere
advocate' of our cause; therefore, be it
Resolved, That in the opinion of this com
mittee but one duty remHins for the friends of
this great cause to perform, and that is to
unite in support of the platform adopted at
t hicago and the candidate nominated thereon
and to work might and main until the elec
tion in November to secure tbe success of the
ticket. If this is done we sincerely oelieve
that our cause will be won and prosperity be
restored to our people.
The only danger to be feared Is in the di
vision of our own forces, which we pray will
not be allowed to take place. To divide our
forces on the eve of the great contest before
the world is unnatural aid suicidal; and for
one to lead a revolt In such a cause and at such
a time would come little short of being a pub
lic crime. We therefore appeal to all members
of the Bimetallic Union and of the affiliated
silver leagues and all others opposed to the
continuance of tlie single gold stnndard, re
gardless of party affiliations, to come to the
support of the platform and the splendid ticket
given us at the people's great convention just
held at Chicago. We further urge upon all
who agree with us upon this vital issue to join
with us at St. Louis on the 22d of July, there
to indorse and ratify the work so nobly begun.
A. J. Warner, President.
R. C. Chambers, first Vice-President.
Henry U. Miller, Second Vice-President.
Thomas C. Merrill, Treasurer.
J. B. Grant, of Extcuilve Committee.
H. F. Bartine. oi Executive Cornmiuee.
George E. Bowen, Secretary.
General Warner, just before leaving to
night for his home in Marietta, said to a
reporter for the United Press:
'•The committee was unanimous for in
dorsement. Two-thirds of those present
were Republicans. The silver convention
in St. Louis will certainly support Bryan.
The gold men can have all the tickets they
please; the more the better, but we must
have only one silver ticket if we are to
win. No silver man of National reputa
tion will accept a nomination from any
other source. We want all the big silver
guns to come to the St. Louis convention.
The Democrats gave us all we asked for
and more than we expected a year ago. If
we had drawn the silver plank to suit the
Democrats we would probably have made
it a little more conservative. We must
have a silver daily newsi aper in Chicago
and I think there will be one here soon.
"We expect to beat McKinley in Ohio.
The people there are not for the gold
standard. 1 Jive amonjj them and know
them. A lifelong Republican in that
State wrote to me after the St. Louis con
vention and said he would not vote to sup
port such a platform, and that 100 other
Republicans in his township would follow
his example."
CRISP IS SATISFIED.
He Believes Bryan, If Elected,
Would Make an Excellent
President.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, July 12— [t is
doubtful if there is a man who is more
'Pteased with the Democratic nomination
for the Presidency, or believes more
strongly that the convention was judicious
in naming W. J. Bryan as the Democratic
standard bearer, tnan is Hon. Charles P.
Crisp of Georgia, now here.
"The nominee," he said, "is a man of2
great ability, earnestness and force of
character. During his first term in Con
gress, the fifty-second session, I appointed
him on the Ways and Means Committee,
notwithstanding it is unusual to appoint
a new member on that committee.
He had, however, been an earnest
advocate of tariff L reform and
came from the right section of the
country. It was soon proven tbat no
mistake had been made in putting him
upon that important committee, for in
that session he made a speech on the sub
ject of tariff reform whloh gave him a
National reputation."
Mr. Crisp added that Mr. Bryan was the
representative, the brilliant representa
tive, of the young Democracy, and ne was
very hopeful of his election. Mr. Crisp
felt sure that if elected his administration
would be in every way successful.
POPULISTS FOR BRYAN.
Senator William V. Allen of Ne-
braska Thinks They Will
Support Him.
OMAHA, Neb.. July 12.— Senator "Will
iam V. Allen. Populist, said in an inter
view here that he would go so far
as to say that the nomination of Mr.
Bryan was very pleasing to him, but polit
ically he was not in a position to say
whether he would give him his support.
Jn reply to a further question Senator
Allen said that he wouid not say what
action he would take until after the Popu
list party had decided what it would do.
While he did not say so in so many woros,
the impression was conveyed that he
would not be displease! if the Populists
saw fit to indorse Bryan.
In a speech in this city the Senator de
clared the Populist party could elect the
next President of the United States. The
audience interpreted it as a decoration for
Bryan, and the name of the Democratic
nominee was echoed by pit and gallery.
Whether the statement was intended to
carry that impression was not made clear,
for the speaker left the subject to attack
McKinley as the representative of tariff
taxation.
He ridiculed the battle-cry of "McKinley
and prosperity," and declared that a pro
tective tariff meant an increase of taxation
on the homes of the country. He quotf d
figures which purported to show that more
gold had gone out of the country under
Harrison's administration than under
Cleveland's, and argued from this that the
tariff had no connection with prosperity.
There was a deficit in the treasury for five
months before Cleveland came into office,
he said, and this nad been caused, in his
opinion, by the fact tbat the tariff had
been placed so high that no one was
willing to import.
The Populist convention on the 15th
will in all probability declare for Bryan.
One of the questions that was most
earnestly and most frequently discussed
about Omaha this morning was whether
Mr. Bryan wouid make his headquarters
in this city or in Lincoln. All the local
business men and the hotel men especi
ally are desirous that the headquarters
shall be here. Tne reason is too apjerent
to be pointed out. Concerning this mat
ter Mr. Hitchcock said this morning that
Mr. Bryan might make his present head
quarters at bis home in Lincoln, with his
official headquarters in this city. Anotuer
Omaha man who has been intimately as
sociated with the Democratic nominee
said he felt quite certain that Omaha
would be Bryan's principal place of busi
ness throughout the campaign. The
superior railroad facilities, be argued,
would go a long way toward deciding the
matter.
AU the railroad men are happy over the
nomination of the Nebraskan. They are
preparing to handle the large crowds tbat
are expected in Omaha daring the cam
paign to pay their respects to the nominee.
General Passenger Agent Francis of the
B. and M. said that he had already re
ceived a number of queries about special
trains to Lincoln, m the event that Mr.
Bryan should establish his headquarter
there. Tbe news that it was probable that
tbere would be no tormal visit from a com
mittee to notify the candidate of his nomi
nation was not received very enthusias
tically by the railroaders. They were ex
pectin* thousands of free silverites on that
occasion.
BRYAN IS RESTING.
Spends the Sabbath Quietly at the
Home of Mrs. Lyman
Trumbull.
CHICAGO, 111., July 12.— Exhausted
by the exactions attendant upon his nomi
nation for the Presidency, William J.
Bryan escaped last night from the im
portunate crowd of congratulatory Demo
crats and convention politicians and found
rest and privacy in the home of a family
friend. He accepted the invitation of
Mrs. Lyman Trumbull, widow of the re
cently deceased statesman, with whom he
studied law, and went to the old-fashioned
homestead oa the lake shore at No. 4008
Lake avenue, accompanied Dy Mrs. Bryan
and the children.
The nominee was so tired that it wan
afternoon when he arose. Early in tbe
afternoon Benator Jones, chairman of the
National Committee. Arthur Sewall, the
Vice-Presidential nominee, and another
Mr. Jones, who was chairman of the last
Democratic State Convention in Arkansas,
called at the spacious frame cottage to nay
their respects and politics was not dis
cussed. Mr. Bryan said he had made no
appointments with any one for tbe day or
evening and would take all the rest he
could get until tomorrow. He went
driving with Senator Jones and Mr. Sewall
in the afternoon and after dinner drove
with Mrs. Trumbull and Mrs. Bryan to
Oakwoods Cemetery, not far from the
Coliseum, to visit the grave of Mr. Trum
bull, to whom Mr. Bryan was devotedly
attached. He retired early so as to be on
hand at 9 o'clock at the Leland Hotel,
where he will meet the sub-committee of
the notification committee to agrta upon
arrangements for tbat function.
POPULISTS ARE PLEASED.
Chairman Taubeneck Says the
Democratic Nominees Make
the Roafa Easy.
ST, LOUIS. Mo., July 12.— About the
headquarters of tbe Populist party Na
tional Committee in this city there is a
spirit of exultation at the work of the
Democratic convention. Neither Chair
man Taubeneck nor his assistants will ex
plain their very apparent satisfaction at
the course of political events. When the
United Press dispatches brought to him
the fact of Sewail's nomination he pon
dered a moment and said: "This makes
onr course plain and the road easy. It
could not have been better."
The chairman yesterday sent to each
of the National Central Conimitteeruen
the following notification:
St. Louis, Mo., July 12. 1896.
I hereby notify the members of tho >'auoua!
Central Committee of the People's party to
meet in St. Louis on July 21, l»9t», at 1 o'clock
p. v. This will be a very important meeting
and every member should be present.
H. K. TjUtbknkck,
Chairman of National Executive Committee.
Plans for the Campaign.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 12.— Vice-
Chairman Apsley of the Republican Con
gressional Campaign Committee left for
Canton last night upon the invitation of
Messrs. McKinley and Hanna. It is pur
posed that the National executive and
Congressional committees shall co-operate
in the campaign, and it is understood that
Mr. Apsley's visit to Ohio is in pursuance
of this plan. Chairman Babcock of the
Congressional committee returned from
Washington last night. He declares Mc-
Kinley will carry that State by a pluraiiiy
of 50,000. The committee is sending out
1,000,000 copies of speeches delivered in
Congress of late years on the financial
question. All the demand at present is
tor literature of this character.
BRYAN THEIR CHOICE.
Kansas Silverites Will Indorse the
Candidate Named at
Chicago.
TOPEKA, Ka>-s., July 12.— The State
convention of the Silver par»y to elect
delegates to the National Convention,
which meets in St. Louis next week, will
be held in Tcpeka on Thursday, July 16.
Many county conventions were held yes
terday to elect delegates to the State con
vention, and without exception the dele
gates were instructed to vote for only such
delegates as would favor the nomination
of Bryan and Sewall. Tbe silver men in
the county conventions have, as far as
practicable, chosen only Republicans as
delegates to tbe State convention, with the
object to make the movement appear as
independent of the People's and Demo
cratic parties as possible.
A number of Pebple's Party conven
tions were also held yesterday in different
parts of tbe State, and they, too, adopted
resolutions favoring the nomination of
Bryan for President. All leading Popu
lists, including Senator Peffer, Jerry
Simpson, ex-Governor Lewellyn, John W.
Breidenthal and W. A. Harris, ex-Con
gressman-at-large, are favorable to the
nomination or indorsement of the Demo
cratic candidates for President and Vice-
President by the People's Party.
COAST RATIFICATOINS.
Sliver Men Express Their Satisfac- 1
tlon With the Chicago Con
vention's Work.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 12.— The Seat- \
tie News, an evening Republican paper,
on the ground that tree coinage of siiver ]
is for the best interests of the country, ]
yesterday declared for the National •
Democratic ticket Regarding Mr. Bryan '
it says:
He fully represents the youth, vigor, inde- '
pendence and inspiration of the great West, .
toward which the star of empire has been
moving for a century. He is in touch with the ]
Industrial masses, with the producing classes, .
and the platform on which he stands is a» sig- !
nally lucid in its declarations of basic Demo
cratic and true Republican principles as the
bill of right'; as strenuous for manhood and '
liberty as was the emancipation proclamation. 1
There can be no doubt as to the duty of every <
citizen. .
Ex-Postmaster Griffith Davies, a life- 1
long Republican, who hela office during ]
the Harrison administration, in discussing |
the ticket and tbe campaign, said: '
"This will be a struggle between wealth- (
users and wealth-producers of this coun- '
try, and I believe the wealth-producers 1
will win." 1
Of the action of some metropolitan <
papers in bolting the ticket, Mr. Davies '
observed: "It is well known tbat the <
financial policy of six or seven leading j '
papers of New York City has for years «
been directed from Lombard street,
London." 1
EUREKA. Cal., July 12.— Democrats
turned out en masse last ni?ht to ratify tbe
nominations of Bryan and Sewall. Siiver ■
advocates from all over the county were
present and joined with the Democrats in
enthusiastic demonstrations. J. F. Coonan, I
chairman of the county executive com- I
mittee, in an introductory speech eulo- 1
eizeg tne party's choice and endorsed the
Chicago platform.
Other speakers of tbe evening were 8. I.
Allard, a candidate for Presidential Elec
tor; H. L. Ford, E. L. Mahan and D. K. B.
Sellers.
Davis Evens, a prominent lumberman
and an old- line Republican, took the stand
and enrolled himself in bilver's cause. I
Attorney Coffey of San Francisco spoke on !
the financial plank adopted by the Chicago
convention.
He reviewed the history of the two
metals and said he believed the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 was the only
way out of the present industrial depres
sion.
During Chairman Coonan's remarks !
great excitement was created by Jeff
Knight, a Populist leader, who exclaimed
in a loud voice: "You have insulted the
Populist party and they never will affiil
iate with such corruption. Eleven times
your party nas downed silver. Now you
come too late." He was led out of the
crowd by a policeman and the disturbance
was quieted.
SPOKANE, Wash., Ju:y 12 —A mass
meeting called by the Republican free
coinage party of this State was held at the
Auditorium last night to discuss the finan
cial question. It resolved itself into a
monster ratification of the platform and
candidate of the National Democratic
Convention. Silver Republicans, Demo
crats and Populists all advocated a union
of forces in support of the Democratic
ticket.
COLUSA, Cal., July 12—An enthusias
tic ratification meeting was held in Colusa
last ni^ht to celebrate the nomination of
Bryan and Sewall. Hundreds of people
lined the streets, and between the strains
of band music, the booming of anvils and
the bursting of bombs listened to the
speeches of Democratic leaders, amon
them Hon. E. A. Bridgeford, H. M. Al
bery and General W. 8. Green and others.
CARSON, Nev., July 12.— Forty-five
cannon salutes were fired by tbe Carson
silver men last evening in honor of Bryan
and Sewal!. Since the nomination the
county, Republican in tbe last election,
has become almost a unit for silver. The
nominations are pleasing 10 Nevada, and
the bimetalii*t and Populist delegations
which go \o Ht. Lou's on the 22d will vote
to indorse the Chicago nominees.
PHO2NIX, Ariz., July 12. -Democrats
ratified tbe nominations of Bryan and
Bewall last night. It was the greatest
demonstration of its character ever wit
nessed in this city. Tbe pyrotechmcal
display was magnificent. Thousands
threnged the streets, carrying transpa
rencies, on which was emblazened,
'•Bryan, Silver and Statehood." Repub
licans and Populists united with tbe
Democrats to do honor to the champions
of the silver en use.
CruliiM of Cholnra in Kqypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, July 12.— The number of
new cases of cholera reported throughout
Egypt yesterday was 362. The deaths
numbered 32L Among those who have
died from the dUepse U Major Owen of the
Boudan expedition.
.— «,
Grand Prix Jtieyclt liar*,
PARIS, Franc*, July 12,-The tinal heat
in the bicycle race for tbe Grand Prix waa
won at Vincennes to-day by Morin, a
Frenchman: Jacquelin was second and
Edin third.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
MANY MEETINGS
OF ENDEAVORERS
Sabbath Services Are Held
in Thirty Tents and
Churches.
RALLIES OF THE SECTS.
Evangelist B Fay Mills Creates
a Mild Sensation in His
Sermon.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES.
Great Need at This Time of Chris
tian Leaders in American
Politics
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 12.— A list
of thirty meetings arranged to be held in
the tents and churches this af'ernoon
offered varying attractions to the 40,000
Christian Endeavor delegates in attend
ance here upon the fifteenth international
convention. They were mostly denomi
national rallies, and they drew crowds
according to the numerical strength of
each particular denomination. Tbe Bap
tists, Presbyterians and Consrregationalists
occupied tbe three tents on the White lot.
Speeches were made at these rallies by
prominent members of the several denomi
nation?.
Following these rallies, Evangelist B.
Fay Mills of Fort Edward, N. V., ad
dressed a large audience of citizens in Tent
Washington. He created a mild sensation
in the middle of his sermon by* a
pointed reference to Candidate Me
Kinley. Speaking of the extension of the
principles of socialism hS set forth in the
Sermon on the Mount, he showed the need
in the present time of Christian leaders in
American politics.
"Our candidates for public office fr^m
President down to constable should he
guided," said Mr. Mills, "by the spirit of
the lamb that was slain. They do pretend
to be, or they would not get onr votes.
If they came forward honestly aud maJe
known their real motives for running for
office we would not support them. Sup
pose McKinley should step before you and
say, 'Fellow-citizens, I wish to be your
President so tbat I can pay my debts'
[sensation], or suppose Bryan should say,
•I—l— l will be your President for my own
good,' why we would not choose one of
them to take care of our stray dogs. What
they say is, 'Fellow-citizens, I am reaiy
to be sacrificed upon the cross of public
duty. I am ready to be President or con
stable as my country calls me.' Tbat is
Christian. That is the spirit of the lamb
that was slain. It is a pity that it is not
always said in sincerity."
A Sabbath observance meeting was al*o
held in Central Hall, William Sb iw of
Boston presiding. Speeches were made by
Wilbur A. Crafts of Washington, Mrs.
Henry T. McEwen of New York and
others.
At the rally of the Congregational de
nomination held in one of the large tents
this afternoon Miss Margaret W, Leitch
of Ceylon delivered the following interest
ing address:
You gloTf to-day in the thought that Christ
is your captain and you are enlmed under his
banner. You glory to-day in the grent and
growing strength or your Christian Endeavor
host*, and you glory also in the faith, conte
cration and courage of your missionaries, who
are laboring to make known the love of Christ
to 'he millions in anevangelired lands.
You have at the front nearly 570 mission
aries distributed through twenty districts,
having: a popuistion of 100,000,000 people.
Your missionaries in Turkey have given an
object lesson to the whole world of seli-for
petting heroism, devotion to duty and faith ln
God.
More than eighteen months ago, after the
Sa*soun massacres, the missionaries in Turkey
fully understood that a general uprising of
Mohammedans against the Cnristians was
threatened, and that at those interior stations
far away from any consular protection their
lives would be endangered. Were they cow
ardsT Did they desert their posts? Bless God,
not one of the entire number was willing
to leave the Christian communities and the
institutions which had been established un
protected by their presence and at the mercy
of threatening mob?.
In October of last year, beginning nt Con
stantinople and sweeping over the land almost
to Persia, rolled the awful tide of massacre.
The slaughter and plunder continued for
nearly two months. The outside world, aghast
at the tales of horror that but faintly pictured
the reality, began to clamor for the abandon
ing of those interior stations. Then came the
letters from the missionaries, not written in
excitement, not the result 01 mass-meetings in
which one brave soul inspires the rest, but
penned singly, each writer expressing his or
her own brave determination to stand by the
suffering people, no matter what the personal
danger might be.
Oh, what sublime faiih and courage! God
bless those noble missionaries 1 During the
past three years, owing; to lack of funds,
serious reductions have been enforced. Thou
sands of chilai en are being turned oat of mis
sion schools. Many chapels and boarding
ichools are belog closed. Hundreds of trained
native workers are being dismissed, and some
of our noblest missionaries are breaking down
ln health because they are unable to ensure
this intolerable strain. Cannot the 500,000
member* of the Congregational churches and
the 363,000 members of the Congregational
Endeavor societies avert this disaster? The
Endeavorers here present have It easily within
their power to give or coliect the additional
sum necessary to save the foreign missionary
work from grave disaster; $100,000 will do
thi*. It yon are true in your profession of loy.
alty to Christ and the church, could you not
make this extra effort in addition t" all that
you are already doing?
To-night at 7 o'ciock Christian Endeavor
prayer meetings were held in all tbe
churches of the city. Preaching services,
both morning and evening, in the city
churches were well attended by citizens
and Endeavorers.
To-morrow is the closing day of the con
vention, Tuesday being given up entirely
to sightseeing.
SOCIALIST-LABOR ADDRESS.
Old Partis Denounced and Conditions
Declared to Be Ripe for Another
Civil War.
NEW YORK, N.Y., July J2.-The Na
tional Convention iof the Socialist party
has adopted the following resolutions:
Bfolved, That the National Executive Com
mittee be and' ls 'hereby instructed to ii>sue to
the people of the United: States au eddre«a in
which a full presentation shall be made of the
present class conflicts which ; have found ex
pression in the platforms of air the political
parties now in the field, and in which special
•trees shall be .laid ; upon the following fact*
an<l claims: Tne unconditional surrender of
the Democratic party to the Populist demand
tor a 50-cent dollar in opposition to the pluto
cratic demand for a 200-cent doilar marks a
new era in the development of capitalism and
capitalistic politics. Two claws, equally dis
honest and heretofore united for the spolia
tion of labor, are now politically arranged
« gainst, each other In a struggle for the preser
vation of tueir respective fleeclngs.
Peace may not be preserved. A great crisis
may come to pass without violent outburst.
For several years the Eastern plutocracy has
been drilling its militia, while the Western
farmerocracy was burnishing its gung. With
all the armed forces at its command, the
creditor class will unquestionably assert its
privileges as goon as they will be contested,
while the debtor class, holding sway in the
country districts, and relying upon the starved
wage-workers to fight its battles in the great |
industrial centers, will forcibly attempt to re- |
sst annihilation and make good its claims.
In a word, the conditions axe now as ripe for
civil war as they were at any time previous in
the history of our country.
Between the two anarchistic classes that
capitalism, through its misu^ of science and
riches has evolved from a people once united
in comparative ignorance and poverty, stands
the gre*t American polelarian, the wage-slave
class, the landless, homeless and helpless pro
ducer of all that wealth which is now the bone
of contention between its despoilers. It aud it
alone can save tne National ship from the
coming storm of anarchy, but rally at the polls
under the banner of socialism, casting over
board the pirates, taking the helm and steer
ing straightway for the peaceful waters of a
co-operative commonwealth.
New York City waa selected as the seaj
of the next National executive committee
and Cleveland as the seat of the board of
appeals.
BATTLE WITH ROUGHS.
Conductor and Engineer Badly Beaten
by a Gang Who Refused to
Pay Their Fare.
CHICAGO, 111., July 12.— The con
ductor of a Wisconsin Central suburban
train which left the downtown station at
1 o'clock this afternoon had a savage fight
with six men near Harlem station, in
which hoth trainmen were injured. Six
men who got on just outside of Chicago
refused to pay their fare, and in their ar
gument with the conductor retreated to
the front platform of the first car, where
they made a stand.
Three of the men got off the train, but
the others clambered on the tender, and
when Conductor Cole attempted to follow
them they hit him over the head with a
coupling pin, rendering him insensible.
Engineer Wiiliam King, who came to
Cole's aid, was set upon and badly bruised
by the three toughs. Tue men were kept
on the train, however, until tne uext
station, where they were placed under
arrest. Their names are George Letters,
Frank O'Hearn and George Mason. When
Conductor Cole recovered he lound he was
minus $41 which he had in his vest pocket,
but whether he lost the money in the
scuffle or the men robbed him, he is
uuabie to say.
WAS BEATEN TO DEATH.
Mrs. Hayden Rcberts of Peru,
Nebraska, Slam by Her
Husband.
The Murdrrer Then Dispatches Him
self—Note Show^g the Crime
Premeditated.
ATJBURN, Nebr., July 12.— County At
torney A. J. Burn ham returned to-night
from the scene of the murder of Mrs.
Hayden Robert 3 by her husband, near
Peru, which occurred this morninjr. He
c.-.ys the woman was kiikd by being beaten
over the head with the stock of a shotgun,
unf.l the same was broken, and then tho
barrel of the gun was u-ed.
Tbe murder was surely premeditated,
for a note was found near the dead
woman's body signed by Hayden Roberts
and saying that bis body would oe found
near the old salt basin in his father's
pasture, about one mile distant. The per
son finding the note did not think to look
at it until the middle of the forenoon.
Robert? had shot himself just back of tbe
right ear, aud seemiu,,iy died without a
struggle.
The tragedy is one of the most shocking
that ever occumd in Nemaha County.
Hayden Roberts was one of the oldest
resident* of the county, and a man of
some prominence. His father, an aged
veteran of the war and a man universally
respected, survives him. Henry Roberts,
a brother, was years ago a clerk in the
office of the State Superintendent of Public
Instruction at Lincoln. The murdered
woman was a widow when she married
Roberts, with children of h?r own. Their
home life was not always happy, but as to
who was to blame opinions diner.
HAWAIIAN ISLAND NEWS.
Independence Day Is Celebrated
at Honolulu on an Elabo
rate Scale.
Fifteen Thousand Japs and Chinese
Expect-d to Arrive Within
Twelve Months.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, July 6— As the
celebration of American independence and
the first anniversary of the establishment
of the republic of Hawaii feil upon July 4,
th« American residents and Hawaiian
citizens united in a joint celebration on
last Saturday which far surpassed any
previous affair of the kind held here. A
marked feature of the event was the par
ticipation of many native Hawaiians and
the general friendly feeling displayed by
the natives during the day.
Considerable anxiety is beinp; felt lately
by the friends of the Government over the
question of Asiatic immigration. The late
Legislature, which ha«, not without cause,
been called "the planters' Legislature,"
passed a bill limiting the number of
Japanese laborers by one yes-el to 7uo men.
It is now alleged that the bill, seemingly
in favor of reduced importations of planta
tion laborers, was a put-up job. The
serious charge is made that tho planters
had all amngnments mode with the
Pacific Mail Company, so that hereafter
all its steamers from the Orient w«ll touch
here, each bringing a full complement of
700 laborers. The first installment arrived
by the Doric yesterday, and it it said the
remaining steamers to touch here will
laud Io.OW Japanese laborers within the
next twelve months.
In addition to this it is learned on the
best authority ttie Government has
granted written permission to a local
agent of Chineno labor to bring in 6000
Chinese laborers during the same period.
These facia have become known to the po
litical leaders, and have already rai-ed
much adverse comm°nt. At won as the
facts become generally known, it is feared
the popularity the Government haa en
joyed since the establishment of the Re
public will be seriously compromised, if
not permanently impaired.
The wf-h is generally cxi ressed that the
Government will find itself strong enough
to carry out the policy of political und
commercial compromises entered upon
soon after its establishment, without
either injuring its own popularity and use
fuiness or alienating the support of the
large number of American residents who
entered the movement to secure annexa
tion on principle, with no thought of oom
promising with tbe planters in the mean
time.
That the immigration question is the
most serious of the hour does not seem as
yet to'be realized by the Government, and
I am quite certain from a recent interview
with one of the Cabinet that tbat body
does not even know that threats have
been made by the opponents of Japanese
immigration to prevent the landing of
future shipments of cooly labor, if the
scheme of the planters ia carried further.
It is announced on good authority that
tne white population of the islands will, if
forced, take concerted measures to pre
vent the proposed importation of nearly
fifteen thousand laborers during the
coming year.
The fact that 36.000 unsurcharged 18
-cent postage-stamps of the old monarchy
were put on sale at the postoffice lastweeK
wa« soon followed by some rumors of an
attempted stamp deal in official circles,
which had failed to mature owing to the
vigilance and prompt action of the Minis
ter of Finance. After considerable trouble
tbe following facts in the case wete
secured from semi-official and official
sources and can be relied upon to be sub
stantially correct.
Ou June 26 the Postmaster-General
called on Minister Damon and asked his
permission to sell at face value the stamps
in question. These consisted of 36,000 18
-cent stamps, which had been condemned,
being stuck together by hut weather. The
Postmaster had separated them by steam
ing so that they could be sold. After con
sultation with Judge Cooper, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, consent was given that
the stamps were to be sold for lace value
and the proceeds, $6480, turned over to
the treasury.
Aa the stamps in question are worth
$1 each some of the clerks in the post
office applied for some of them, but were
toid by those acting for the Postmaster
that the stamps were all sold to a syndi
cate, the names of whom were refused.
Rumors that another stamp deal was on
in < ih'uial circles were soon current on the
street, and, it is supposed, reached the
Minister of Finance, as the next day he
sent for the Postmaster-General and in
formed him that as the stamps were cata
logued at $1 each by stamp dealers and
were worth 50 cents each at forced sale
the public should have the advantage of
any commercial speculation in the matter.
This attitude of Minister Damon, who is
upright to an extreme in mch matters,
caused the postoffice syndicate to vanish,
and the stamps are "now being eagerly
bought up by the public and local dealers.
It is alleged that one official, who was a
member of the syndicate that failed, dis
posed of several thousand dollars' worth
of Plantation stock at a discount to carry
his share of the stamps. Had the syndi
cate succeeded in getting the stamps'they
would in a few months have made a small
fortune, as tneir profit on a forced sale, at
wholesale rates, would have been nearly
$12,000.
A BIG FIRE AT ST. LOUIS.
Assistant Chief Fatally injured— Lost
Ettimatrd at $100,000.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July 13.— At 2:15
o'clock this (Monday) morning fire was
discovered in the Merchants' Terminal
Elevator, at Biddie street and the levee.
When the Fire Department arrived the
building was a mass of flames and a gen
eral alarm was turned in. Assistant
Chief Hines fell from a ladder and was
probably fatally injured.
Tne fire continued to spread rapidly and
at 3:20 o'clock another alarm was sent in
and more engine* were sent to tbe scene.
At 4 o'ciocic it was got under control. The
loss is roughly estimated at $100,000.
SLUGGED AND ROBBER
Xete I'ork Jlnmrmli'nlrr , Falls Among
'Ihievea in Joint.
OTTUMWA. lowa. July 12.— William
Gray, a horse-buyer for Crandall & Co. of
East Buffalo. N. V., was slugged at \Yi;
liamsburp, lowa '"last night and robbed of
$2500 in cash and a gold watch and chain.
He came from Preston -to -Williamsbure
on a w night passenger train about 11
o'clock. as he got . off the train he was
accosted . by a man whose features he
I could not discern in the dark. As he went
to town he was struck on the back of the
neck with some hard instrument. When
he came to his watch, chain and money
were gone, with the exception of $40 in a
trousers pocket, which the robbers over
looked. Gray is badiy hurt.
Cloudburst Drowns an Aged Lady.
AUGUSTA, Ky., July 12.— About mid
night last night there was a cloudburst
four miles south of here on Big Bracken
Creek, greatly swelling the little stream.
Mr». Henry Susco, 64 years old, was caught
in the swollen stream and drowned.
Thousands of acres of tobacco and corn
were destroyed.
Three Young Men Drowned.
BUFFALO, N. V., July 12.— A sailboat
containing three young men capsized on
the Niagara River, near the foot of Austin
street, this afternoon. The current of the
river at this point is very strong, and be
fore assistance could reach them tney were
drowned.
tire Wire Causes a Denver Hlaz».
DENVER, Colo., July 12.— The two
story brick building of the Denver Con
solidated Light Company at Twenty-first
and Wyncoop streets, was destroyed by
fire to-night. The lire was caused by a
live wire crossing tbe switch board. To
tal loss, $130,000; insured for ?120,000.
Clerical Victory in. Belgium.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, July 12.—Rebal
lots for members of the Chamber of Depu
ties in the district where the candidates
failed of election last Sunday were held to
day. The returns from 400 polling stations
show that the clerical candidates received
98.100 votes, the radical socialists 88.800.
Thiny-eight polling stations are yet to be
heard from.
<>rnn<j» Free state Gold Fields.
> LONDON, EsoLAyn, July 12.— The
Times will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Vienna saying that Emil Holub, the
noted African explorer, has received de
tail" of the discovtry of gold fields in the
the Orange Free State which rival those of
the Transvaal.
DAIRYMEN AT LOS ANGELES
ProtperoUM Condition of the Southern
.*' ; California Atsoeiation.
LOS ANGELES, . Cai,., July 12.— The
second annual meeting of the Dairymen's
Association of California was held yes
terday in : the assembly- room of the
Chamber of Commerce. ..;, President Ses
sions . called tbe . meeting ,to order • and
spoke briefly. He said the association wag
only two years old/but was in a prosper
ous condition. 1 In referring to tlie law
which brings filled cheese under the con
trol of the Government internal revenue
officers, be said it was a preat success, as
it brought $2,600,000 into the Govern
ment's treasury. Before -the tilled-cheese
law had been enacted * there were 400,000
pounds sold in California in one year, and
the year J after the law, went s in to effect
th"re were only 20,000 pounds sold.
President Sessions stated that the dairy
men would ur.e the continuance of the
dairy bureau by requesting the next Le,'i>
lature to re-enact the law making the bu
reau permanent,-. The present law expires
on June 30, 1897." ■
A new board of directors and officers are
to be elected. The present board consists
of:. M. Sessions, pr-sident; R. ft. R:Udon.
secretary G. H. Peck, vice-president. . The
directors; are: ' c." E. Mitchell, W. H.
Smith, George Platt and D. Durkee.
*■.. : 'il "■• " I I —I- '; _
Surmmba to Meat A'aar 2Heree<l
MERCED, Cal., July 12.— The fourth
case of sunstroke has been added to
Merced County's deatbroll for the week.
Coroner dough was notified last evening
that Peter Peterson of Stockton, a line
man in the employ of the Valley road,
had succumbed to the heat while at work
near Mariposa Creek.
GOSSIP OF THE
FATHERLAND,
General Exodus Frcm Ber
lin for the Summer
Vacation.
MINISTERS DETAINED.
By Order of Emperor William
They Must Remain at
Their Posts.
REVIVAL OF COUBT SCANDALS.
The Powers Reach an Armistice in
the Diplomatic Warfare Over
Turkey.
BERLIN, Germany, July 12.— With the
departure of the imperial family from
Potsdam, there has been a general flight
from Beriin of official, court and society
dignitaries and leaders. The Emperor
has not permitted some of the Ministers
to leave their posts as yet, and has re
quested Freiherr Marschal yon Bieber
stein, Minister of Affairs, Dr. Miquel,
Minister of Finance, and Dr. yon Boe:
-ticher, Imperial Secretary of fctate for the
Interior, to keep in touch with him by
telegraph, The minor officials, however,
are free to go wherever they please, and
the consequence is that the various de
partments of the Government bear a list
less and solitary aspect.
The group of court dames remaining as
the entourage of the Empress, together
with the Crown Prince William and his
brother, Prince Eital Frederick, who re
cently came home from Ploen, where they
have beeu at school, kept the circles of
tbe new palace lively until Thursday
when the Empress and her family left for
the schioss at Wilhelmshohe. The Kais
erine, accompanied by the Princess of
Russe, tbe Princess of Hohenzollern,
Prince Asibert and Princess yon An halt,
took boating excursions on the Havel
every day and had their Juncbeon on an
island in the river. There were also in
formal musical parties la the evening and
som 'times tue elder of the young prin
cesses would be permitted to give an early
supper party. During the day the prin
cesses were compelled to confine them
selves for a limited time to their studies.
Theot>serv;:nce of this programme lasted
until the party was broken up by the de
parture of the Empress and her children
for Wilhelmshohe, where they wiil remain
until tbe Emperor returns to Berhn from
the trip he is taking in the northern bous
and rejoins the imperial family, wLich he
wiil do early in August.
The scattering of the whole of the great
world of Beriin has seemed opportune for
authors of libelous pamphlets to try the
credulity of the public by issuing a bro
chure containing pseudo revelation? of
court scandals. Under initials which in
dicate the^names of the personages impli
cated in the scandals tbe authors of the
pamphlets rehash the old stories which
were published long ago, many of which
have since beeu repeatedly shown to be
untrue.
Yon Kotze's wife, who is staying at Ed
mansdorff as the guest of the Princess of
Saxe-Meiningen, knows nothing of the
pamphlet, and others of Yon Koize's
friends declare that the publication of the
stories were not authorized by him. The
policß are prohibiting the sale of the
pamphlet.
With Prince Lobanoff-Rostovsky, Rus
sian Minister of Popiffn Affairs, in Bwit.
z°rlami, where he will go this week from
St. Petersburg; Prince Huhenlohe, the
German Chancellor, at hi* chateau at A.t-
Au^e, Austria; the King of Greece at Aix
les-Bains, for which place he is about to
start for a three weeks' sojourn, after
w icl» he will jro to Copenhagen for an
other three weeks' stay; the Czar on the
eve of visiting the European capitals and
all of the leading dij.lomiU* contemplating
holidays, there will oe a pause in th? de
velonmentx on the situation in the liust,
as might be expected.
The Politibcbe Corresponde, an official
9 • ■
Bg Freight free ! A big item to suburbanite!. 'In $5 lots and over we've arranged to A
—v deliver practically everything; freight prepaid to campers and others to every point "
9 on the line of the 5. F. and N. P. R. R. as far as Uklah ;; the N. P. C". R. R. as far El
Jgj as Cazadero; theS. P. Co. as far as Calistosa, Tancred. Woodland. Blacks. Aladl- gfk
"2f son. Sacramento, Stockton, Lathrop, Bethany. Crows Landing. Qilroy. Tres Pinos, - '■"'
9 Palaro, san Jose, and by sea to Crescent City, Eureka, Point Arena, Bodega, Santa S3
m Cruz and Monterey. .- »«
™ If our prices are any lower than local rates in these towns residents gain the a
i@ difference buying of us. ' %ff
IKg It's Immensely popular already. We help pay freight beyond these places. HO
™ Our prices are LOWER than ever, too. Why not save 20 cents on every dollar \
spent Our July Catalogue tells more about It. tjp
2 We deliver free twice daily to every part of San Francisco. y - a
1 1 1 $5.00 Buys S
@ Nothing for something; I •' ;.
■m is not what people j Box id and delivered free 100 miles— ****
gj want. we recommend all to be first-class in 0
2 Something for some- CVery respect : -; BQ
U thing is what we sell. fXSgStt&miSZ^ 28. #
a lot of good' *oods 1 b^ol^^^?^;;::;;;:;-:^^ ■
Hh fora little good money J' b Hm-«iaas B»king powder...... i;oc ™"
4Ck silver or o-old : 1 rMo lf» t- «ana Cheese, In tin foil lUc A
A —Sliver or gold. 1 p Kge . Knox GelaUne. -.100 V
JzL . . ■■ 1 bou'e Home-made Sweet Cat5np. ........",. 10c na
|M . If there is any One i } botti * Worcesurshlre ab!e*au«e ibv^c ■■
® thiicr we know <nmp. * I'" each PeDper, AU-splct-. Hinder .160 dm _
A tiling: we Know Some- 1 1 quart bouiolrat-claasPlckies :15c A
™ thins more about than ! it« s*i. sod» io- 2^
■i some other thine- It l« \ onge. smiths Powdered Born IE^SSW
some omcr ming, 11 11* j l ih>* Best Bali Blue lJif- ™
-x selling goods cheap and 1 "mail bo* «o<ja crackers ;...»...- Cue
9 Shinninjr them to the ! }*' lb Ua Llbb y Deviled Ham • 5c H
W smut*!"* iU cm 10 me 1 mcd. size tin Pork & Beans, Tomato Sauce «c 3
CClintry. . " 1 2- 1 tin corned Beef, Libby 15c t_3
-». 1 run -trijjf Be»», pood •.., ;,............'...-. bo ™l
&3 "*■ vmir ««,vl^ lean Oysters, 2 lbs. full weight 15c R3
13P At JOUr Service, . 1 bar Imported AVblte Castile *05p. .......... 25c ■
a- • box no.d Du5i...... .•. VOc 'ffik-
_ Smith*' Cash Store. ■■in?hJ.wM, B « B 'v eB . ! J Cod .?' h "-v" '" & ™
£f% ■ -^ ■ 7 ».i.--. -.TV. 10 ibs U hit* or V«-How C0r0mea1. .......... - 20c en
IP-.. - ti Ibi rreshest Rolled Oats. .............. 10c Eg
HlO-lbbag Table 5a1t...... .."..*.". 8 C a
Wm 1-r 1 - . . .j— l—i' ----'-• 1 bottle i*die»<.6bQ« roiish..... V.' 5o 9
0 Toul $5.00 A
1 SMITHS' CASH STORE, •
£ ths Busiest Retail Store in San Francisco, '^S-
go. 414, 4-16, 418 FRONT STREET, NEAR POSTOFFICB,
• ■•■«•■•■■•■•■•■• • ■•■•■•■•
c>"»an ha». information that Prince Loba
noff-Rostovsky will devote his leave of
absence absolutely to the repose winch is
necessary to xhe restoration of his health.
There is rfo doubt that Europe has
reached a period of armistice in the diplo
matic warfare over Turkey, but the Gov
ernments are relying too much upon the
slowing up of matters in Cr te, and the
unlikelihood of a recurrence of important
events in that island is the official impres
sion here. Dr. Nicholaides. the official
representative of the Cretan Reiorm Com
mittee, wno is now in Berlin, distrusts the
present comparative calm and regards it
merely as a brief truce before the break
ing out of the storm. The only c:.ance of
permanent peace in Crete, he declare*. 11
in the intervention of" the powers and the
granting of autonomy to the island.
Apart from ihe opinion expressed by Dr.
Nic .olaides advices have been received
here from Cauea to the effect that althoneh
the Christian deputies will attend the
opening session of the Cretan Assembly
to-morrow, they do not intend to engage
in debate with the Moslem deputies, but
will present to Berovitch Georgi Pasha,
the newly appointed Christian Governor
of Crete, who will preside, a document
setting forth the claims of the Christian
Cretans, to which will De added a demand
for universal suffrage and the recognition
of a Cretan flag with the cross thereon.
They will give the Porte a short time in
which to respond to these demands, and
if the Porte's reply shall be unfavorable,
as it certainly will be, the Christian denu
ties will constitute an independent assem
bly. In the meantime the insurgent-w ill
seize the advantage afforded by the Turk
ish troops being forced into inactivity and
occupy ail of the strategic points in the
island. J , 
The fus* which has been made by the
French and Belgian newspapers over the
formation of a German military camp at
Elsenborn, on the German frontier, has no
substantial basis.
Two years ago, as was cabled at the time,
the Government purchased larL'e tracts of
ground at Malmeder and Eisenborn, which,
it was understood, were to be devoted to
making experiments in field operations
and shooting practice with various kinds
ot guns. Since that time the bouses upon
the land purchased have beer, torn down
and replaced by extensive barracks, and
roads and trenches have been constructed,
but no fort works nave been erected. There
is ample room for the camping of 4000
men. There is no doubt that the position
woul dbe of great strategic value if Ger
many designed to strike at France through
Belgium, but there is not the slightest
siirn of any intention on the part of Ger
many to create a stronghold there, and the
imliirnant protests ot the French and
Belgium press have been wasted.
PLAINT OF A MOSHOVXA. MAN.
Demands of Goreruor Bud I Itnn ediate
Pautnent for Coyote .scalps.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., July 12-Goyeiw
nor Budd is occasionally the recipient of
letters which wouid persuade almost any
person that there are times when it would
seem advisable to adopt a course of physi
! cal culture or strive to attain that quick
ness of action so essential to the peaceable
j enjoyment of existence upon tne frontiers.
The following is but a fair sample of this
class of epistles, and is given verbatim :
July the 9, 1896, Monrovia, Loss Angels,
Co, Cal.
Mr. James Budd, Esq. Govner of California.
Dear Sir i will write you a few Li acs to let
yon know that I am in need some Money
my home Is under mortgage and I will have to
Ixiose it if you Dont sena me my money which
the state Treasure is debter to me three hun
dred dollurs lor coyote f-ralp*. you must
do something I have got to have my
money it iaust come, i hold yuii re
! spou<ible for It, you may send me my money
I anc l I will give you a power of eturney to col
lect my claim* from the state, you will please
gtve this attention and save a good deal of
trouble. 1 must have my money thi* month
Burely. (signed) Jackson Higgins.
Srlmn. Roy Impaled on a Fork.
FELMA. Cal.. July I.— The eldest son
of A. G. Brown of this place, « lad of 14,
was yesterday impaled on a pitchfork.
There is little hope of hjs recovery. He
was on a load of hay when he was jolted
from the wagon. Tne fork fell from his
bands to the ground and he fell upon it,
one of the long tines penetrated bia
threat.
The 4th
Reminds us of the glorious record of our
country, which is not more glorious in its
way than the record of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. So many cures of cases considered
incurable, so many hearts made happy by
health restored, so many truthful testimo-
nials telling their joyous tales, hare never
been won by any other medicine.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Hnod Pill«s cure Liver IlhT; easy to
11UUU » »^ II « a take, easy to opera t«.iscTHE DEATH-ROLL
IS THIRTY-ONE.
General Mourning Marks
the Sabbath at
Omaha.
THE FUNERAL TRAINS.
Vast Crowds Surge Forward to
Meet Them and Learn the
Worst.
SOBS AND GROANS COMMINGLED
Headless Trunks and Limbless Bodies
on Eoards of Pine— The Killed
and Injured.
OMAHA. Nebr., July 12.— This has
been a day of general mourning in
Omaha. The harvest of death from the
Logan (Iowa) wreck of last night bas been
increased, and the list of victims now
numbers thirty-one.
The crowds of anxious people at the
depots did not scatter with the break of
day, although the excitement of the night
wore off as relatives and friends of the
dead ones became convinced of the worst.
About 7 o'clock the first funeral train from
the scene of the catastrophe arrived at
the Union depot, and there was an invol
untary pu«h forward to gratify a morbid
desire to learn the news Irom those who
had been *v the disaster.
The first train contained many of the
more seriously injured, and as the poor
unfortunates were lifted in blankets from
the car the groans of tbe wounded
mingled with the agonized sobs of rela
tives and friends. It was a most touch
ing scene. Some twenty passengers were
taken in ambulances to St. Joseph's Hos
pital. Several of them cannot hope to
live more than a tew hours at the
furthest.
At 8:30 o'clock the train carrying the
dead was sighud coming across the lornr
Union Pacitic trestle. Nearer tne specter
drew and an involuntary wail of mourn
ing burst from the assembled multitude.
The contrast of the day before was sharply
drawn. A crowd of happy young people
had gathered on the same depot platform.
Good-bys were said amia the waving of
flags and playing of bands as the cars
moved out. No one dreamed of the terri
ble fate that was in store for tne merry
excursionists.
The approaching train consisted of two
cars— a baggage car (a chamber of horrors)
and a passenger coach. As it drew up to
the station a special cordon of police
guarded the approaches and kept the
crowd back. Seventeen bodies laid on
pine boards and covered with a plain mus
lin shroud were taken out one by one and
placed along the floor of the baggage
room. Only friends of the missing ones
were allowed admission. Those silent
forms gave evidence of the force of yester
day's collision. Headless trunks, bodies
without limbs, limbs without bodies— a
grewsome spectacle — were gathered in that
small space.
Occasionally some one would recognize
the features of a son or daughter. Kind
friends would eently lead them from the
room and the body would be ticketed and
sent to the undertakers. Women fainted,
and anguish was ofttimes pictured on the
lace of some gray-haired old man.
A complete list of the dead and injured
is as follows:
Dead: A. M. Gerard, 1839 Seventh ave
nue, Council Bluffs, lowa.
Owen Cavanaugh, Eighteenth and
Charles streets, Omaha, aged 18.
Willie Cosgrove, 1722 Nicholas street,
Omaha.
E. G. Winegar, a brakeman, Boone, lowa.
Fred Neilsen, Omaha.
Lawrence Peterson, engineer of the wa
ter works at Council Bluffs.
Mrs. Carroll, 1219 North Seventeenth,
street, Omaha.
Infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Carroll.
Mrs. Bradle}-, wife of a molder at the
Union Pacific shops, Omaha.
Infant of Mr. and Mrs. Bradley.
Dudson, son of Sam Dudson,
Omaha.
William Summit, Missouri Valley.
Mrs. Neilson, 222 North Thirty -third
street, Omaha.
John I'erKins, 1442 North Nineteenth
street, Omaha.
Pierson. son of Andrew Pierson,
machinist, thirteen years old.
John Larson, sixteen years old, 1113
North Eighteenth street, World-Herald
carrier.
Patrick Scullv, stationary engineer,
Union Pacific shops, 2622 Center street,
Omaha.
Miss Maggie Cosgrove, Eighteenth and
Nicholas streets, Omaha.
Charles Heiman, Missouri Valley, lowa.
William Wilson, Ninth avenue and Fif
teenth street, Council Bluffs.
Claire, .son of Robert Claire, boiler
mafeer, Omaha, head off and body iden
tified by shoes.
John Cosgrove, Eighteenth and Nicho
las streets, Omaha.
.lames E. Cosgrove. Omaha, head torn
off from mouth up, identified only by
laundry mark.
George A. Lawrence, tinsmith, Omaha.
Walter Jennings, Missouri Vaiiev, lowa.
John McDermoti, machinist, 1612 Nich
olas street, Omaha.
Mary Tracy, 1107 North Eighteenth
street.
Mrs. John Kahler. identified in Council
Bluffs, where she lived.
Infant of Mr. and Mrs. John Kahler,
three months old.
Phillip Carroll, boy, 1425 North Seven
teenth street, Omaha.
John Kinzie, Forty-sixth and Cumin*
streets, Omaha.
Injured: Enerineer J. D. Montgomery,
bones broken, deep cut over the eye.
John Fabler, Council Bluffs, head cut
and injured internally.
Jack" Taylor, Council Bluffs, head
crushed; probably fatal.
Mrs. Mary Scully, Omaha, chest and in
ternal injuries, probably fatal.
John McKenna, Omaha, severely in
jured.
Leonard H. Macic, Omaha, head cut, se
vere injuries.
Michael Shannon, Omaha, extent un
known.
Henry Conrad, boy supposed to be steal
ing a ride, lives in Dayton. Ohio, contu
sion of chest and arms.
Conrad, his brother, similar injuries.
Moses Baudo, Omaha, probably fatally
injured.
Sam Dodson, Omaha, chest and arms
injured.
J. A. Lillie, Omaha, president of the
Union Pacitic Pioneers, chest contusions.
J. J. Fitzgibbon, Logan, lowa, legs and
chest injured.
Fred Kin<ey. Omaba, face, neck an-i
shoulder injured.
Katharine Cosgrove, Omaha, badly
bhaken up.
Mike Leonard, Omaha, slight injuries.
Stephen Meany, face cut, contusion of
chest.
Miss Jetter, badly injured.
Teresa Tracy, eye badly cut.
Bobbie Buchtel, Omaha, nose broken.
Lizzie Byles, Omaha, arm broken.
J»ck Kinnev, Omaha, internally injured.
Hurley, badly hurt.
Oliver Colvin, Omaha, scalp wounds.
Annie Colvin. his sister, back hurt.
Eva Nielson, Omaha, limbs crushed.
Fred Kinsey, Omaha, shoulders crushed,
aue cut. '
William Christensen, Omaha, legs and
back injured.
H. M. McMichaei, Dayton, Ohio, head
cut, hurt internally.
K. Messerschruidt, Omaha, legs crushed.
Miss Maggie Scully, arm broken and
body crushed.
J. J. O'Hearn, Council Bluffs, breast
crushed.
Mrs. J. J. O'Hearn, head badly cut and
iniernal injuries.
Elsie Kahler, Council Bluffs, 7 years
old, face uadly cut, hurt internally.
Patsy Carroll, Omaha, wrist broken,
chest crushed.
Mary Tracy, head badly cut and body
horribly bruised, lives in Omaha.
C. W. Johnson, Omaba, head cut and
legs bruised.
John Hchindler, Omaha, chest crushed.
N. C. Kenna, Omaha, chest and arm
hurt.
The dead were taken in charge Dy the
local undertakers, preparatory lor burial,
when they reached this city.
It is ceiierally conceded among railroad
men as well as others conversant with the
facts that the blams for the accident Jay
with the conductorand engineer of the ex
cursion train. Engineer Montgomery re
fused to talk and to-day went to Boone,
where he live*. The story is current, how
ever, that Conductor Reed of the excur
sion train gave the signal to go ahead
without waiting for orders from the oper
ator at Logan. The excursion train was to
have waited for No. 2, the fast mail, and
No. 38, the fast freight, to pass before leav
ing for Council Bluffs. When the limited
mail had passed he forgot about the
freight, which is a regular train, so the
story goes, and gave the signal to pull
out.
The fast freight was due at Logan at
fi :48 o'clock and the excursion started at
6:40. After leaving the switch it stopped
and the switch was reset, and the excur
sion train was just getting well under way
when the collision occurred.
Members of the picnic party state that
the train was not going faster than four
or live miles an hour. When Encineer
Montgomery saw the other train he set
the air brakes on all the coaches in his
train and the brakes were set when the
collision occurred. Railroad men on the
train say the fast freight was going about
fifty miles per hour. The engine of the
fast freight was forced through and over
the engine of the excursion train and
liffd itself almost clear of the rails.
Ihe baggage-car was forced back
through the hm coach, the left-hand side
of the baggage-car passing outside of the
left side of the passenger coach and the
right side cutting through the passenger
coach in line with the right row of seats.
It was on this side that most of the fatali
ties occurred.
According to the rules of operating
trains Engineer Montgomery must, from
statements of railroad men, share in the
blame. The rules require engineers to
wait for telegraphic orders before starting.
They are not allowed to assume that the
conductor has received orders, but must
insist on getting orders which are sup
posed to be a duplicate of those given the
conductor. If -Montgomery assumed that
the conductor had received the orders to
leave and pulled his train out on the sig
nal under this assumption, that fact does
not excuse him.
Montgomery is almost crazed with grief,
and the rumor was curnut yesterday that
he had tried to commit suicide, but had
r>een prevented. An effort to verify this
report was made, but it was denied by his
friends.
ANOTHER DISASTER.
Five Excuraioniata Killed and Twenty
Injured JSear Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 12.— An excursion train
on the Wisconsin Central ran into an open
switch at Altenheim, a suburb ten miles
west of this city, this evening, killing five
people and injuring about twenty. The
names of the dead are:
Charles Samuels, Chicago.
Frederick Keitel, Chicago.
Fred Kerry, Chicago.
Miss Mary Arnold of Chicago.
Miss Hobart of Chicago.
Injured — Mrs. Fagin, Chicago, right leg
broken.
EJward Kelly, Chicago, left leg broken.
D. B. Alden, left arm broken.
J. H. Heater, conductor of the train,
badly bruised.
Peter Conner, injured internally.
Fred Gravell, badly bruised and internal
injuries.
Teu or fifteen others were injured, but
were taken away in carriages, patrol wa
gons and other conveyances before their
names could be learned.
The train consisted of thirteen coaches
and was returning from Schiller Park,
where the Graded Assessment Club, a
lodge of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen, had given a picnic. The train
was coming down a grade, approaching
Altenheim station, and tbe speed was so
great that tbe engineer could not stop in
time to avert the wreck.
Standing on the sidetrack were a switch
engine and a passenger train waiting for
the excursion train to pass. When the
picnic train struck the engine and train
the baggage-car was telescoped by the
next coach. Those who met death were
riding in the baggage-car, as no seats were
to be had in the coaches.
It is not known who is guilty of leaving
the switch open, but pending an investiga
tion the police arrested Conductor Heater,
Jam-s Grant and William Doian, the
crew of the excursion train, and the crew
of the sidetracked passenger train.
Operator Knisner, who works the
switches from a tower, admitted to-night
that he had placed the switch in the right
position, but neplected to* lock it, and it
had reopened. He was arrested.
CORPSES STREWN
ALONG THE SHORE,
Yon tinned from First I'age.
that happened to be playing "go ' in a
temple situated on high ground. Sncti
are the tales of death and ruin that come
from place alter place, the terrible totals
at this writing being 29,073 killed, 7737
wounded and 7844 houses washed away cr
wrecked.
In the Prefecture of Iwate, where 36
towns and villages on the coast were vis
ited by the wave, 25,413 persons were
killed and 6779 wounded out of a total pop
ulation of 104.771, so that out of every
three inhabitants one was killed or
wounded. It is difficult yet to Bay
whether males or females preponderate
among the victims. Statistics from Mi
yaei Prefecture show that out of 1376
deaths in 20 villages 876 were males and
500 females. On the other hand, a traveler
passing through the two hamlets of Tan
no-uru and Funa-kosbi, the day after the
catastrophe, saw only 30 young men there.
Not a living woman or a child was visible.
On the road, however, within a distance of
some 200 yards, he counted corpses of
women and children to the namber of 33.
Tnere were some remarkable escapes.
Men swept out to sea from one side of a
bay were thrown up alive on the opposite
beach; and in one case several persons
were deposited on an island nearly three
miles from the town whence the wave had
torn tiieni. A few saved their lives by
dinging to baulks of timber, and several
getting wedged among the wooden debris
of wrecked buildings, were preserved un
til the ware receded. At an inn in O-uraa
truveier, apparently tbe only man in the
house, was grasped by four terrified women,
and the combined weight of the five fur
nished a steady point But such oright in
cidents were rare, whereas of inexnressi
blv sad happenings there are numbers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
The parents of six children caused the lit
tle ones to throw their arms around abeam
of the house. There they clung, the water
reaching up to their shoulders. The small
est child losing its hoid, was swept away,
and its mother, springing after it, shared
its fate.
Presently the father, trying to fend off
some floating debris that threatened to
strike the children, was carried off, and
the five orphans alone remained. In an
other family of ten one child of 8 drifted
to a rock and was saved; and in another
family of the same number the father,
having carried a baby to a hill and found
that none of the others followed, set down
the baby and ran back, only to perish with
the rest. The story of a retired soldier is
worth repeating. His experiences in the
recent war had taught him to apprehend
the raiding of Japan's coasts by a hostile
fleet. Thus, when the cannon-like roar of
the advancing waters and the cries of the
people reached him, he threw on his tunic
and ran shoreward, sword in hand.
Next morning his corpse was found,
much battered, but not separated from the
sword. Strange to say, fishermen plying
their trade four miles from the coast did
not observe anything to indicate the occur
rence of a serious phenomenon, though a
party only three miles out, in the same
district, encountered heavy breakers roll
ing from the north. By and by one of the
boats observed what seemed to be a large
fish floating on the water, but on rowing
nearer they saw that it was a child iying
on a mat. In the same manner three other
children were picked up by a fisherman,
who, to his astonishment, found that one
of them was his own son. Inexpressibly
sad was the case of some fishermen who,
returning shoreward in the early morning
after the catastrophe, received their first
notice of what had occurred by finding the
corpses of their wives and children float
ing in the water.
At points closer to the center of the dis
turbance, however, the commotion in the
water was perceptible at a much greater
distance from shore. Thus, a party of
fishermen who were out looking for tunny
off the Shizukawa coast, between 7 and 8
p. m., heard, as they supposed, the boom
ing of big guns in the distance. Soon
afterward, looking seaward, they saw the
surface of the ocean heave in huge masses,
which, after rising to mountainous
heights, broke in the middle and. swept
northward and southward, ultimately
striking the shore with a deafening crash.
Tne waves passed under the boats without
swamping them, but the water in the
vicinity of the shore remained so rough
throughout the night that the fishermen
could not make land until morning, when
they found their wives and children dead
and their homes in ruins.
The scene presented by the devastated
I districts is shocking. Along the beach the
timbers of wrecked houses lie piled upon
leach other; moss-covered roofs of thatch
I that sheltered happy families a few days
ago in quiet country nooks are strewn
pell-mell on the sands. Here, houses that
nave had their walls torn away stand,
mere skeletons; there, others have been
wrenched from their foundations, tele
scoped into each other, tumbled upside
down or heaped together in shattered con-
I fusion. In one instance the immense
mass of water, rushing up a narrow inlet,
tore from their foundations the houses on
cither side and drove them with terrific
force into the highland ahead, where they
now lie crushed into a confused mass of
I timber, thatch and wreckage of all kinds,
tiie grave of many a mangled body.
Horses and cattle lie wedged among the
rocks, and men and women wander about,
| stupefied and helpless, looking as though
! their minds and energies had been
numbed. Numerous corpses are still bur
ied under the debris of ruined buildings,
or under heaps of mud and sand thrown
I up by the waves, and often when a body
'is disinterred, no friend or relative re
| mains alive to identify it. The Govern
i ment is. of course, adopting vigorous
measures of relief and liberal subscrip
tions are pouring into the newspaper
offices, both vernacular and foreign, for
when calamity overtakes Japanese, the
benevolence of the foreign community is
invariaDly large-handed.
As to the cause of the disaster, opinions
are still divided. At hrst it was -supposed
that the disturbance bad its origin in a
sudden collapse of tbe sides of the subter
ranean crater known as the Tuscarora
deep. Commander Rear Admiral)
Belknap of the Lnited States navy,
on a deep-sea-survey cruise in tlie United
States frigate Tuscarora. twenty-two years
ago, found a trough-like depression off
the northeast coast of Japan, in
north latitude 44 deg. 50 rnin.
and east longitude 152 deg. 30 miv. The
heavy sounding lead took about one and
a half hours to reach bottom and indicated
a depth of 4655 fathoms, or over ;>}., -ta!
utc miles. But it being tolerably evident
that the center of the recent disturbance
lay between the 39th and 40th parallels of
latitude and thel42d and 143 d meridians of
longitude, the Tuscarora Deep seems to be
excluded from the problem.
On the other hand, considering that the
advent of the great wave was immediately
preceded Dy earthquake shocks whose
vertical character precludes the hypothe
sis that they were due to the studendous
rolling of the wave itself, the most reason
able conclusion appears to be that a sub
marine volcanic eruption took place some
where within the area of ocean bounded
by the 142 d and 143 d meridians of east
longitude and the 39th and 40th parallels
of north latitude. The Baudai-san phe
nomenon of 1886 illustrates very vividly
tbe kind of disturbance that may at any
moment occur among the ranges of vol
canic mountains on the ocean's bed. At
Bandai-san millions of tons of earth and
rocks were hurled in a given direction
with force that carried an enormous wave
of solid material over a distance of many
miles at railway speed.
Anything of that kind happening at the
bottom of the sea would evidently pro
duce surface effects precisely such as those
experienced on the 15th of June. That
the water had been thrown up from great
depths to swell the bulk of the colossal bil
low is proved by the fact that deep-sea
shell-fish were found in the hills visited by
the wave. Moreover, at one place, lying
beyond the destructive range of the wave,
the fishermen next morning found their
seines floating on the surface upside down.
Tuey bad evidently been cast up by some
submarine commotion. It may be" added
i here that since the catastrophe the fish
seem to have deserted the upper waters.
A few can be caught now only by using
tho deepest seines, the great bulk havini*
apparently goue down to inaccessible
depths.
In every previous instance, however, the
marine disturbance is spoken of as the
corollary of h severe earthquake, whereas,
although 150 seismic vibrations were felt
in the northeast between the evening of
June 15 and noon on the following day
—twenty-four of them making tbemselve's
. sensible in Tokio — not one was sufficiently
severe to cause any alarm.
A shocking feature of these phenomena
is their savage energy of destruction In
the valleys, below Bandai-san men's bodies
when not torn limb from limb, were bat
tered out of all human shape. No wonder
that such was the case, for so stupendous
was the atmospheric disturbance that it
not only leveled forests to the ground but
also stripped the trees of bark and twitrs
reducing them to blanched skeletons. '
And now, in the case of the Iwate wave
corpses recovered within a few hours of
death looked as though they had under
gone a week s decomposition. The wounds
suffered by tbe survivors and shown by the
| bodies of the dead are also of a shocking
description. In borne cases tbe flesh is
torn into shreds, exposing the bones be
neath ; in others the eyes are forced out of
their sockets; in others the trunks seem to
have been wrenched asunder by forces act
ing in opposite directions; in others the
skin looks as though it had been plunged
| in boiling water, and almost every corpse
shows purple spots as if it had been
fiercely pelted with fragments of stone or
iron. Ii is expected that over 30 per cent
of tbe survivors now receiving medical
treatment will succumb. Then the tale of
deaths will considerably exceed 30,000.
F. 3buiklky.
Lot Angeles Fiesta Incorporated,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 12.-The
committee of thirty has decided to incor
porate the annual celebration h«re under
the name of La Fiesta de Los Angelea.
ALVARADO'S NEW
CAMPAIGN CLUB,
Fifty Republicans Form a
McKinley Bicycle
Corps.
MUSIC ON THE WHEEL.
Spokes of Their Silent Steeds
Adjusted to the Tune of
"America."
THEIR EMBLEM A SUGAR BEET.
Electric Lamps Flash Out the Red,
White and B ue as They
Ridj On.
ALVARADO, Cal., July 12.— Alvarado,
the "cradle of the American beet-sugar
industry." has organized a McKinley Bi
cycle Corps with fifty members. Many
striking and novel features have been
embodied in the uniforms and other para
phernalia, and when all the details have
been perfected no political gathering in
this good old Republican county will be
deemed a success without the Alvarado
Corps. Special pains are being taken to
train each member carefully in the ma
neuvering of his wheel, and when the en
tire body of wheelmen displays its in
tricate evolutions at the first public ap
pearance it will be a dazzling sight.
At the intersection of each spoke with
the rim is placed a small incandescent
electric lamp, the colors alternating red,
white and blue. A suitable device is
placed on one side of the hub to succes
sively light the different colored lamps as
the wheels revolve. Electricity is supplied
by a storage battery carried on the top
cross-bar, just back of the steering head.
The spokes are not all screwed to a uni
form tension (as is customary with best
bicycie manufacturers), but are adjusted
to give forth various musical notes as the
wheel revolves and the spokes come in
contact with a metallic finger. The vari
ous wheels have been tuned by a member
of the Alvarado Choral Society, who
should here be given credit for the origi
nality of the idea and the painstaking
way in which it has been carried out
Tbe first intention was to have the
wheels tuned to play souie stirring cam
paign song, but this was found imprac
ticable, owing to the many lady riders
who would be unable to ride so fast; so a
compromise has been arranged and
"America" is played. Several practice j
runs have been made on the unfrequented
roads beyond the pumping station, and it
is an inspiration to see fifty gaylv deco
rated wheels rushing down the road and
pouring forth our melodious National air. !
Other tunes may be piaved later, as the j
addition here iv-.d thereof a falsa spoke
may give the desired effect.
The uniiorm consists of black stockings,
white coat and knickerbockers trimmed
with black, and a uniform cap quite in
keeping with the general aspect of the
wheel, and with tbe great and promising
industry which bas made Alvarado better
known in Germany and France than in
America — the beet-sugar factory. This cap
resembles an inverted sugar beet, the root
forming the spike of the cap and the green
leaves drooping over the head. The beet
root is made of fine white porcelain and
has a small electric lamp concealed in the
center, directly opposite a transparent por
trait of McKinley. Below this portrait is
a small sign, "16 to I"— i. c., sixteen
pounds of sugar for one dollar.
The club's first public appearance will be
made in about two weeks (if the condition
of the roads permit), when they will run
over to Mount Eden to participate in tbe
dedication ceremonies of the McKinley
wigwam now being erected in tii; t village.
LOS ANGELES REFORM CLUB.
Purity in Po litics It* Platform for the
Campaign.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 12, -The
Fourth ward of this city is destined to
distinguish itself in a peculiar way politi
cally. A unique club was formed in this
ward last evenine. Though espousing
politics it is not allied to any party. It is
called the Fourth Ward Reform Club, and
already has a signed membership of 198
voters, all piedged to support no candidate
not indorsed by the club.
The meeting last evening was opened by
Rev. Francis M. Larkin, who delivered an
address describing and explaining the ob
j ectß and intention of the club. President
ParEer read, for the benefit, of non-mem
bers present, the original pledges of the
club, which every member has already
signed :
We, the undersigned residents, taxpayers
and voters of the fourth Ward in the city of
Los Angeles, Stale of California, nereby sign
our names and pledge our support to this club
and the principles on which It is organized.
Our object is not to antagonize any particu
lar party organization or individual, nor is it
to further the particular interest of anyone.
We are of the people and for the people; there
fore, believing that only,. in union is there
strength, and realizing that our officials are
not always the choice of the people, but of the
few political leaders, we pledge ourselves to
give neither promise nor support to any can
didate not indorsed by our club.
J. A. Williams was elected vice-presi
dent, J. C. Godwin permanent secretary
and A. H. Liscomb treasurer. The meet
ine was lamely attended and enthusiastic,
each member pledging himself to take
keen interest in the coming elections.
LOS ANGELES NEW DAILY
Free Silver Democrat* to Have a Morning
Metrapaper.
.LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 12. — For
weeks past there has been talk of estab
lishing a free silver morninp daily news
paper in Los Angeles. The nomination
of Bryan bas revived this talk, and it now
seems probable that the new paper will
appear in the near future. At least two
at>le newspaper men have been spoken to
in connection with the enterprise. It is
said that ampie capital will oack the en
terprise and that the full night report of
the United Press will be lateen. The office
will be in the quarters lately vacated by
the Evening Record.
A prominent official of the American
Protective Association will see that the
new venture receives recognition in that
organization. It is said that the gold pro
clivities of the Herald, the Democratic
organ, will prevent it from strongly sup
porting the Presidential nominee, hence
the supposed necessity for an out-and-out
free silver daily.
ESPOUSES BRIAN'S CAUSE.
Judge JTinaor Departs for St. Louis to
Work for thr Sebraakan.
SEATTLE, Waph., July 12.— Judge
Kichard Winsor, delegate to the National
! Populist Convention from this State, left
i to-night for St. Louis. He will, by reason
J of his standing and ability, probably head
I the Washington delegation, composed of
I seventeen members, and a majority of
whom expect to gather at Spokane and
depart for St. Louis on the morning of
July 16. Jud«e Winsor goes at this time
in order to be upon the ground early to
lend assistance to the movement to have
Bryan, the Democratic standard-bearer,
either indorsed or nominated outright
by the St. Louis convention.
"I'm going to do what I can to have
j Bry*n nominated, provided he is will'ne
i to stand upon our platform, and of that I
have no doubt. Since his nominati n I
have put in my time trying to ascertain
the sentiment of the Populists of this
State, and aimost to a man they favor the
selection of Bryan on the conditions I
have indicated. As to Sewall, I hardly
know what to -ay. It may be that the
plan is to have him withdraw and a Popu
list named in his stead."
JACKSON'S YOUNG FIREBUG.
The Son of a Miner Confesses That He
Started Several Recent Con
flagrations.
JACKSON, Cal., July 12.— For over a
week the new fire alarm system has given
daily warnings, and the citizens of Jack
son have not only been alarmed them
selves but the whole district of the mother
lode. The first fire started on the Fourth I
of July in a house adjoining the school
house, and since then the alarm has been
sounded each day. Yesterday some barns
and other buildings were burned, with a
loss of $2000 or $3000. To-day there was a
fire near the courthouse, the barn of
Marelia & Parker being destroyed. Ad
joining it were the law offices of ex-Con
gressman A. Caminetti, Judge John F.
Davis and Silas Penry, and their valuable
libraries were damaged considerably,
though many of the books were saved.
The total damage was about $18,000.
After the fire yesterday a peddler was
arrested on a charge of arson, but he was
released to-night, when the actual firebug
was discovered. He is George Savich, a
Slavonian employed in the Zeila mine.
The boy is about 13 years of age. Savich,
after his arrest, acknowledged his crime
and stated that he had started the lire.,
because the owners of the buildings had
accused him of acts of theft. The total
loss by yesterday's fire was $15,000.
OAKDALE FIELDS RAVAGED
Flames Sweep Over Grain Lands
in the Valley of the San
Joaquin.
Acres of Wheat and Barley De
vastated and Several Buildings
Destroyed.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 12.— One of the
largest grain fires ir years started last
night at 6 o'clock a few miles east of Oak
dale on the Threlfall ranch. How the fire
originated no one seems to know, but it
destroyed between $7500 and $10,000 worth
of grain and buildings.
The greatest loss was sustained by j
Rancher Ericksen, a renter from Has
lacher & Kahn, the Oakdale bankers. He I
lost 500 acres of fine wheat, together with
a house, barn and blacksmith shop. Tbe
property was partly insured. Harry Owen,
another farmer, lost 350. acres of choice
wheat ready for cutting, anl sixty acres of '
wheat on tbe Threlfbll ranch where the j
fire started was completely destroyed.
John Conner was another heavy loser,
his 100 acres of fine barley being burned.
The Oakdale Land and Improvement
Company lost 100 cords of wocd.
The fire will completely wreck a number
of those who sustained losses, as some
carried no insurance. Every effort to stop
the progress of tbe flames was unavailing.
A wind was blowing at the time, and as the
grain was dry the fire spread rapidly and
carried everything before it.
FIRE AT SAN RAFAEL
Flames Destroy a Half- Dozen Buildings in
the Business Section of the
Town.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., July 12.— A fire
broke out. at 3 o'clock this morning in the
Miller block on Fourth street. Two build
ings, owned by William Dale, which con
tained his furniture store and Ramos' res
taurant, w«re destroyed, together with
Costa's grocery snd the express office of
Wells, Fargo & Co. T. C. King's building,
which was occupied by Malone's phar
macy, is left standing, although the in
terior is a wreck. On A street a new two
story building, owned by James Tunstead
and occupied by George McMillan's pho
tograph gallery and Hotchkiss' cyclery, is
a total loss.
The McMillan and Hotchkiss families,
who resided in the building, were not
aware of their peril until window-panes
began to crack around them. They had
only time to get out without saving even
their clothing.
McMillan's insurance is $750; Hotch
kiss' loss is $4500, insurance $1000; Ramos'
loss is $1500, no insurance; William Sail
has an insurance of $5000 on his building
and $2500 on his stock; Malone's loss >a
$2500, insurance $1500.
Fire at Los OH rot.
LOS OLIVOS, Cal., July 12.— Fire that
presumably started from hot ashes from a
locomotive destroyed the engine-house
and a locomotive of tbe Pacific Coast Rail
way at this place, spread to adjacent stub
ble-fields and consumed a small dwelling
on the hill above. Only by the heroic ef
forts of the people was the beautiful
$10,000 schoolhouse saved. Many acres of
grain stubble were destroyed. "The total
los 9 is about $5000.
San Rafael Mnurnt.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., July 12.— Captain
D. F. Bradford, an old resident of this
place, died at his summer home in Bolinas
yesterday. His death was the result of an
accident which occurred early last week.
While fishing on Bolinas Bay his boat was
run into by a schooner and upset. The
captain was well alone in years, and from
the first it was feared he could not recover.
He leaves a widow and one son, William
B. Bradford.
Sftti Jose Ineenttiariam.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. July 12.— A fire that
was probably of incendiary origin oc
cunvd to-night at the residence of Mrs. E.
Hughes at 351 South Fourth street.
While the family was sitting on the front
porch the fire broke out in two closets in
different parts of the house. The blaze
was discovered »n time to prevent it from
getting under headway. The loss, amount
ing to about $300, was covered by insur
ance.
Inrrndinrism at (inlreaton.
GALVESTON, Tex., July 12.— There was
another disastrous fire on the wharf here
to-day and property valued at $150,000 was
destroyed. The tire was of incendiary
origin. Owing to this discovery it is be
lieved the $200,000 wharf tire of ten days
ago was also of incendiary origin. The
property destroyed today was a shed
owned by the Morgan Steamship Com
pany, wliich contained 2,000,000 yards of
jute bagging.
Catholic Church I'ntroyed by fire.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 12— The Ro
man Catholic Cnurch of the Visitation,
corner of Verona and Richards street, was
destroyed by tire to-nignt. Loss, $150,000;
insurance, $(30,000.
GHASTLY FIND AT
SANTA BARBARA.
Blood-Stained Garb Worn
by the Slayer of the
Richardsons.
CONCEALED IN A DITCH.
Had Been Discarded Near the
Sctne of the Double
Butchery.
CUNNING OF THE MURDEREB.
Donned a Suit of Overalls Before He
Began the Work of
Death.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 12.— i
i.n important discovery has been made in (
connection with the Richardson mnr- j
lers. Officer Peter Storni, one of the I
keenest men ever connected with the
ocal detective force, has been for days
luietly beating the neighborhood in the
ricinity of the Richardson place in the j
lope that some evidence might be found
vhich would help to determine the iden
;ity of the murderer. At noon to-day, j
while searching in a field directly oppo- !
iite and below the Richardson place, he j
:ound in a ditch near a line of gum trees
i bloody shirt, a pair of overalls and a
pair of shoes, which are now in possession
>f the Coroner.
The overalls are a pair of common bine |
ienines, somewhat worn, but neither |
'rayed nor ragged, so that there is no ap-
Darent reason for their having been dis
carded. They would fit a small man of j
ibout the height of Barnard, the sus
pect killed while resisting arrest. The
shirt is of blue calico, with a white lily of
the valley figure, worn, but not frayed at |
the wrists and collar. Upon the right cuff I
■nd the front of the garment are stains j
and clots of blood. The garment is slit
lengthwise, front and back. This may
have been done in hastily tearing it off or
by a cow, which had been placidly chew
ing the left sleeve of the unsavory morsel, j
perhaps Attracted by the blood.
The shoes are large, but bore evidence of '■
having been lately worn by a man with a I
small foot, the leather being shrunk in a I
manner to cau&e this impression. The ;
shirt seems to have a No. 14 collar and the ;
sleeves are short. Nothing was found in !
the pockets of the overalls, and no foot
steps could be traced from the place.
The garments will at once be handed j
over for microscopical examination, to de- i
termine whether the blood is human. No
one who sees them, knowing that they
were found but a stone's throw from the
house of the tragedy, doubts that tbe
blood came from the murdered Richard
son women. The apparent age of the !
blood clots is the same as those now dry
ing in the, lonely house above. It was
demonstrated beyond a doubt that who
ever murdered these helpless victims must
have been spattered with their blood. The
shirt is of a peculiar pattern and of a style j
and make bandied by a local clothier. It
is believed that it will be easily identified. !
Mrs. Peterson, Cyrus Barnard's step- '
mother, upon being questioned relative to !
his possession of a snirt of the color and
pattern described, vigorously denied that
he owned such a garment and declared
that having done all the young man's
washing she was in a position to speak
positively. On the overalls are some i
white spots, as though made by paint.
This is regarded as further evidence that
they belonged to Barnard, as he often
worked as a house painter.
Arrested at Paaadena.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 12.— H. H.
_^^^^^^__^^^^NEW TO-DAY.
For One Week
We are going. to hold a "Clean Up" Sale of all the end-
of-the-season and broken-lot ready-made Suits that were
, regularly r sold at $10, $12.50 and $15, giving you your pick
and choice for $5.65 ! Single-breasted Sack Suits ; Scotch
Tweeds, Cassimeres, Cheviots and Worsteds, light, medium
and dark colors.
All- Wool Pants $2, $2.50 and $3 regular values— this
...: week .
51.15 !
Cheaper than overalls ; stylish as tailor-made.
REMEMBER, these prices for this week only. No re-
reserve while they last, but the stock is limited COME
EARLY to make a good selection.
Bum KnR jj Gpr r \~ V t| m^ ' ~ m^ I / '"^* > 4m H5l W
j QuaJity tells- TAILORS Price sells | .
MARKET- /%j£l\ Sf^L^ '
Taylor of Pasadena, formerly of Santa
Barbara County, has been arrested upon a
charpre of having, by false pretenses, ob
tained from B. C. Clay and C. Ehrenfeld
$300. It is alleged that he represented that
be was interested in boring for oil and had
a lease on seventeen acres of oil lands. He
is charged with having sold some of this
land without having owned an acre.
RINCON EAGLE DANCE.
Weird Orgies Indulged In by Indian
Braves on the Southern
Reservation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 12.— The In
dians on the Rincon Reservation have just
concluded one of their annual "eagle
dances." This custom is one dating back
to their barbaric stage, but it is still kept
up with zealous ardor and regularity.
In the high, rocky cliffs on the upper
San Luis Rey eagles build their nests and
the growth of the yoking birds is carefully
noted. When the birds are nearly ready
to fly a man is let down by means of a
rope suspended from the top of the cliff to
the cave where the nest is and the young
eagles are captured. Then the signal is
Bjven that an eagle has been caugi t and
many Indians gather, dance and rejoice
over its capture. A night is then set (gen
erally three weeks from capture) for the
eagle dance.
At the appointed time the Indians,
young and old, from all over the reserva
tion gather at the usual dancing place,
where huge piles of brush have been piled
up and campfires lighted. The eagle is
tied and weighted down with calico. The
dance begins and is kept up incessantly
throughout the night, accompanied by
the Indians' weird music, shrieks anil
whoops. In the course of the performance
messages are sent to departed relatives
and friends, to be delivered by the eagle to
those who nave gone to the Indian heaven.
Raiment and iood are also sent as tokens
of remembrance and good cheer.
No ready-made clothing is ever sent.
Presumably the Indian believes that
clothes made here mieht not be "correct"
in style in the land over there, or that the
angel Indian has plenty of time to make
his own clothes or plenty of eo!d to em
ploy a tailor. New calico seems to be the
favorite goods to send.
At the break of day the brush pile is set
on fire, and eagle, calico and all are con
signed to t.he flames, the breeze fanning:
smoke, ashes and fumes heavenward; the
dance ceases, the gathering disperses, and
the Indians return to their homes rejoic
ing.
DROWNED AT BLACK DAIMOND
J~atnev Fitzgerald's Jienolre Against
Sutcidn Idnd-s too Ijtttt.
STOCKTON, Cal., July ,12. — As the
steamer Mary Garrett, bound for Stockton
from San Francisco, was at the wharf at
Black Diamond last night James Fitz
gerald, who was slightly under the influ
ence of liquor, stepped upon a stringer on
the outer edge or the wharf. He looked
for a few moments into the water, as
though deciding whether to make the
plunge or not, and attempted to step back.
In doing so he lost his balance and fell
headlong into the water near the side of
the steamer.
As Fitzgerald came up for the first time
a friend, who saw him fall in, called out,
"Can you swim , Jim?" to which the man
in the water shouted, '•No.' Then the
friend leaped into the river to rescue Fitz
gerald, but he was too late, as the current
had carried the drowning man down
stream and beneath tne surface. Life re
servers were thrown from the Mary Gar
rett and oars and pieces of wood irom the
wharf, but without avail. Fitzgerald was
not seen again.
GRANT COUNTY WARFARK
Strife Hettceen ■ Sheepmen Likely to End
■ ■' ': '■ -in Bloodshed. L£-»'i*; '
.PORTLAND, Ob.. July 12.— News comes
from Grant County that the sheep war, as
it is called, is becoming serious, and if the
sheepmen overstep the quarantine limits
there will be bloodshed. Early this spring
the people' of Fox Valley decided that
sheep could not longer be promiscuously
herded in their valley and notified all to
that effect. As a result of their deter
mination two bands were fired upon and
rainy sheep killed and wounded.
Last week a band of sheep belonging to
Scharff Brothers was shot into, eight
being killed and about a dozen wounded.
The next night a similar attack was. made
on a band belonging to John Nealan.
This tin\e about fifteen sheep were killed
and about sixty wounded. The herder,
one of George Creighton's boys, was in
bed asleep when the shooting occurred.
A ball struck and killed his dog by the
bedside. The probability is that in a few
days not only "sheep's blood, but human
blood may be shed.
34
DEATH ENDS A
MERCED FEUD,
Elmer Bolles Shot and
Killed by Young Rix
Shafer.
TRAGEDY ON A STREET.
The Elder Man Renews a Quar
rel and Ignores the Other's
Warning.
FOLLOWS HIM AND IS BLAIN.
His Dyicg Words a Denunciation of
the Youth Who Tcok his
I/fe.
MERCED, Cat,., July 12.— Elmer Bolles ;
was shot and killed by Rix Shafer this j
morning r.t 8 o'clock. The trag- j
edy followed a quarrel between the ;
two men. The trouble bean last night,'
when, after a war of words, they came to j
blows. Bolles was the larger and stronger
man and Shafer ran from him and started
for his home. This morning they met on j
Front street, Bolles Lad been drinking, :
and from the story of witnesses he ap
peared to be the aggressor and insisted t
upon taking up the quarrel of the previous
evening. Shafor told Bolles to attend to
bis own business, an warned Bolles that i
he had a revolver with htm and. if neces
sary, would use it. Bolles called him a ;
coward for carrying a revolver and threat
ened to whip him when he met him with
out one. Shafer then left him and walked
down the street.
Bolles stood for a moment watching j
Sliafer and then started down the street in
the fame direction. He soon overtook
Shafer who, without further talk, turned
and fired. The bullet struck Bolles in the
abdomen. They were about fifteen feet
apart. • The wounded man reeled and
staggered to the edge of the Mdewalk,
where he sat down. Shafer returned the ,
revolver to his rocket and walked away.
Constable Mack, who was some distance :
down the street at the time, came running
up on hearing ti.e BhQt. Shafer immedi
ately surrendered and was taken to jail, j
Doctors were sent for and every effort was
mad* to aave Bo'iles' life, but he was bleed
ing internally and nothing could be done
lor him. He died in about thirty rein- !
utes. Before I ••- <leath he made a state
ment to me oil;, era declaring that he had
been shot by Xix fchaferand that he had j
done nothing io provoke the shooting. ,
Bolles had been employed as a laborer
in this locality for some time and was re- •
garded as a troublesome character while >
under the influence of liquor, although ■
good-natured enough when sober. When !
in his cups he delighted in exhibiting his
great strength. Young Shafer was raised i
in this city, where bis parents and other '
relatives now reside. He has never evinced
a desire for hard work, and has generally ■
been considered as posing for a reputation i
as a bad man. Although often in trouble ;
this was his first serious offense.
He has generally been haunting the ,
streets and saloons, and has been known
10 make threats of what he would do to i
people who came under the ban of hie
dislike.
The body of Bolles was removed to the
morgue, and the coroner summoned a jury,
which met at 11 o'clock and viewed the re
mains. The jury then adjourned n;i til
Tuesday evening, when the examination
will be held. In the meantime an autopsy
will be held upon the body. A brother of
the dead man, Robert Boiles, is living at
Turlock, aud other relatives are resident at
Potosi, Wisconsin.
Young Shafer had been engaged in an
altercation with another man earlier in
tne morning, during which he was struck
on the head with a bottle. His adversary
wears mourning on one of his eyes, where
Sliafer afterwards struck him with a brick.
HILLSBORD' S SENSATION.
Congressman-Elect Tongue Accused of
Conspiracy and Unprofessional
Conduct
HILLSBORO, Or., July 12.— Zeera Snow I
of Portland and S. B. Huston of this city
have brou hi suit in the Circuit Court of
Washington County against Thomas H.
Tongue, Congressman-elect for the First !
District; Jack-on Monroe, and James Im
brie. clerks of Washington County. In the
complaint filed Tongue is charged with I
having conspired Monroe and Imbrie '•■
to defraud the plaintiffs out of a one-half
interest in a judgment for $2800. The
judgment stood in the name of Jackson
Monroe, but the complaint alleges that
Tongue was tally advissd of plaintiffs' j
ownership of a portion of the same. It is '
also alleged in the complaint that Tongue
is the owner of a second mortgage on a
piece of land on which the judgment waa
a prior Hen.
Snow and Huston claim that Tongue,
although fully advised of tueir interest in
the judgment, colluded and conspired
with Monroe, and induced him, for a con
idcration, to satisfy the judgment for the
-rpose of defrauding the plaintiffs of
m. sir interest in it, and also for the pur
pose of letting Tongue's mortgage in as a
prior lien.
The most, serious complication in the
charge, however, is the allegation that
litigation over this judgment waß still
rending, and in such litigation Snow and
Huston represented Monroe, while Tongue
represented Elith Monroe. The claim is
made that Tongue has been also guilty of
unprofessional conduct.
ANCHORED AT SAN DIEGO.
Return of the Gunboat Alert Front South
American H'aten.
SAX DIEGO, Cat.., July 12.— The gun
boat. Alert arrived yesterday from Corinto,
and after taking on coal will proceed to
ban Francisco. Aside from a fouled bot
tom, which is the result of a cruise of a
year and a half in the tropics, the Alert is
in good condition, and the officers and
crew are well. The vessel was injured in a
collision in the harbor of Guayaquil last
SeptemDer, and $10,000 was spent in re
pairs. Beyond tbis there was no bad luck
on the cruise. Au officer of the Alert
said:
"We left Callao the last day of Decem
ber and had made Acapulco and were ex
pecting to soon be in God's country when
we received orders to return to Corinto
and be on hand for any trouble during the
usual revolution. We were there in com
pany with the British gunboat Comus,
and took part in the protection of prop^
erty after the evacuation of the port.
Lieutenant Baker was in charge of the j
fifty men who were sent ashore from this
ship. A like number were sent from the
Comus. The affair was substantially as
j reported in the correspondence from Cor
into. It reaily didn't amount to much.
We saw only the tail-end of the thing, and
I witnessed the attempts of the refueees to
i escape. From Corinto we called at e very
port on th<» wav up, and we are all crazy
to get home. Tbe Alert will be docked
and scraped, but otherwise she is in good
! shape."
SEWALL'S BRUTAL NEPHEW.
A Bark Owner Accwed of Ilaving Tor
tured penmen.
SEATTLE, Waph., July 12.—Vice-Presi
dential Candidaie Arthur Sewall has a
very brutal nephew in the person of Cap
tain Benjamin R. Sewall, master and
owner of the bark Benjamin Sewall, if the
| testimony of a dozen or so of sailors is to
| be believed. Last month Captain Sewall
was tried, with Mate Smith of the Sewall,
before the Federal Court in this city, for
extreme brutality in having beat and
| abused Seaman Mille.* until the sailor, in
j order to escape their torture, jumped over
! board when the vessel was far out in the
I Pacific and was drowned.
The jury brought in a verdict of guilty
against tne mate, but found CaDtain Se
\v;iil not guilty. The mate was sentenced
to one year's imprisonment and to pay a
fine of* $1000, whereupon Smith declared
that if he had suspected »uch a fate lie
would, in his testimony, have told the
J truth rather than shield Sewall, who, he
; asserteu, was in reality the guilty one.
SPOKANE DIVORCE SUIT
Huilolph Gorkow Accuse* His
Wlf* of Cruelty.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 12.— Rudolph
Gorkow, a wealthy brewer, has com
menced suit for divorce against his wife,
formerly Helen Edmunds, a variety
actress. They have been married eight
months. He charges her with cruel treat
ment. Gorkow a few years ago was sued
for $10,000 for breach of promise by a va
riety actress and had to pay judgment for
that amount
PORTLAND DAMAGE SUIT,
Emily House, a Schoolteacher,
Alleges Defamation of
Character.
Discharged Frrm a Position Because
Accus?d cf Revilinj Ameri
canism
PORTLAND, Or., July 12.— Emily
House, the English woman who recently
lost her position as teacher in the school
between Sandy and Fairview, because, it
was said, she taught an un»American doc
trine io her pupils, has filed suit in the
State Circuit Court against Andrew Henn
for $12,000 damages. Henn was instru
mental in causing Miss House to lose ter
position, and she avers that he slandered
her and defamed her character, and has
hu:t her standing and reputation as a
teacher. There are four distinct and sepa
rate causes of action, as set forth in the
complaint, and on each count $3000 dam
ages is asked.
The trouble was all caused, so the plain
tiff says, by Henn accusing her of telling
th •■ school children that the history of this
creat American Republic was all lies, and
by otherwise conducting Herself in an un
patriotic manner. The first $3000 charge
that Miss House makes against the defend
ant is that in February. 1896 ne of
her in the presence of numerous persons,
in the following terms:
"She is nothing but a traitor and is
teaching high treason."
The second charge is that Henn, on an
other occasion, said :
"She teaches the children that the his
tory of the United States is all lies; and
that is high treason, and she is insane, or
nearly so."
On May 23, while testify ins: in a case in
the Justice Court for the Powell Valley
District, the plaintiff says Henn again
stated that she taught the children high
treason, and ttiat this answer on his part
was not responsive to the question pro
pounded to him, and his statement was
made with malicious intent to injure her.
FRASER RIVER GOLD
San Franciscans Heaping a Barrett
From the .lll nek Hand.
VANCOUVER, B. C., July 12.— 1t has
been known for a long time that the black
sand of the Fraser river contained a large
quantity of gold, but there was no Cana
dian company of sufficient capital or en
terprise to work the sand in quantities.
At last the New Westminster Board of
Trade invited a number of San Francisco
capitalists to establish a black sand pul
verizing works in New Westminster. On
the strength of this invitation a company
was formed in San Francisco. The com
pany's works have been running night and
day for a short time, and have treated 250
tons of sand scooped from the Fraser, ex
tracting therefrom $800 in flake gold, or
$30 worth of cold to the ton. As the black
sand of the Fraser Is limitless, It is prob
able the company will reap a rich harvest
of gold. It is purchasing $20,000 worth of
additional machinery.
" _— T-* —
mil Hold a Hulb .s/jotr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 12.— The Santa
Clara County Floral Society will hold a
bulb show in tbis city next February or
March. It will be the finest affair of the
kind ever held in the State, and will do
much to further the cultivation of bulbs.
General View of Camp Montgomery, League of the Cross Cadets, Before Tents Were Struck and the Homeward March Begun.
THE SAX FRA^X I ISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
LAST MASS AT
AGUA CALIENTE.
Camp Montgomery Deserted
by the League of the
Cross Cadets
FALL OF A WHITE CITY.
Tents Corns Dawn as Though
by Magic at a Word From
the Commandant.
END OF A PLEASANT OUTING.
The Saber-Bearers Reluctantly Take
Up the March to Their
Homes.
Camp Montgomery, |
League of the Cross Caditb.V
Agia Caliekte, Cal.. July 12. )
This was the last day of the encamp
ment. An immense crowd arrived on the
morning train from San Francisco, and
the visitors saw a camp that had not de
creased a particle in its picturesqueness
from having been occupied eight dayß.
All the streets were clean and all the flags
flying. There were as many ladles in
camp to-day as men. Many parties
brought their luncheons and picnicked
under the trees.
Military mass was sung, beginning
about 11 o'clock, Rev. Father McDonald
officiating. A temporary altar was erected
and the troops assembled before it in two
right-angles, forming a hollow square, at
the open side of which was the altar.
Many people wero present from the sur
rounding country. A huge canopy over
spread the congregation.
At the conclusion of mass Rev. Father
P. C. Yorke delivered a short sermon. He
tonk his text from that chapter of Mat
thew in which tue Lord is addressing the
people, saying, "Ye cannot get grapes
from thorns nor figs from thistles."
Father Yorke said that wlien Jesus
uttered those words he was traveling
through Palestine, a country in many re
spects much like California. It was a
fruit-raising country, and the Lord spoke
to the people in a language they could un
derstand by makine illustrations from
things in their daily life. As Jesus had
said to the people, "Not every one who
says Lord, Lord, shall enter the kingdom
of heaven, but he that doeth the will of
my Master, which is in heaven," bo Father
Yorke said, in addressing the young men,
tl at he who at this time would enter
heaven must do more than wear the cross
and attend divine worship. Hemustobev
the law oi the Master. Work and not words
wonld earn the kingdom of heaven.
Father Yorke in bis sermon compli
mented the cadets on their gentlemanly
conduct while in camp.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon the bugle
sounded and then the cannon roared. It
was a signal for lowering "Old Glory," j
which has waved over th camp from the j
first day. Next all the tents were pulled i
down together, and when the whole city i
fell to the ground cheers from the cadets j
rent the air. Where a moment before
there were rows and rows of tents, now a
carpet of white canvas covered the earth.
The packing of personal effects was quickly j
completed, and then with knapsacks and
blankets on tneir backs, and their sabers
shining in the sun, the cadets had a final
dress parade. It was the mo*t imposing
one of the week, as every cadet was in the
; ranks. When the long excursion train
, stopped at the camp cadets and visitors
i jumped aboard, and the camp whicn had
been the scene of so much activity for
eight days became a barren and deserted
scene. A small rear guard was left behind
to pack the freight.
The tent known as "The Four Angels"
won the first prize of $7 50 for the best
kept tent during the encampment in Com
pany A. The tent was occupied by Cor
poral Robert Steele and Privates "Jack"
Corkery, Frank Hogan and Kd McSorley. |
The second Company A prize of $2 50 was
awarded to the tent placarded "De Bow
ery." It was occupied by Corporal P. H. ]
McCarthy and Privates Walter Young,
Ed Moore and Richard O'Connor. The
competition in Company I for the best
kept tent resulted in a tie and the $10
prize money was evenly divided. Car
; poral Frank Hicks and Private* William
I McCarthy. Herman Yerg, John Riley and
! William Cain occupied one tent, and Cor
poial John Raaford and Privates Joseph
Ward, Dan Keardon, George Merrill, Alex
exander McNeil and Charles Lyons the
other. There was much rivalry to secure
prizes.
About fifty visitors, most of whom were
ladies, came out to Camp Montgomery on
the morning train yesterday. They spent
the day strolling around the camp and vi
king points of interest in the neighborhood.
The (aliente Springs Hotel being still
crowded and the accommodations in camp
limited, before noon bunks on the hay
in the neighboring barns were at a pre
mium.
Yesterday the camp suffered from short
rations for the first time. The number of
visitors was larger than wa9 expected, and,
though preparations were made for an ex
tra number, when the visitors had been
served the "grub" was exhausted. The
result was that the officers and a few of
the guests had to go foraging fur their
luncheon.
While the gallant Captain Hajjgerty was
reclining in the friendly shade of a liveoak
tree chatting to lady friends yesterday
morning, a crowd of cadets slipped up and
pounced on him.
The captain was bound hand and foot
amid much hilarity. Those who were not
busy binding him stood around and whis
tled In the peculiar way which signifies
wind and whiskers, for the captain has
not shaved since his arrival. Captain
Haggerty was lifted up bodily and dropped
upon a stretcher. He was then carried
over to the tent of tbe camp barber, while
the crowd followed behind, whistling.
All that saved Haggerty's incipient whis
kers was the, absence of the barber. It
was the intention of "de push" to shang
hai or hang the barber had he iefused to
shave the captain.
Colonel Hooper, who lives in the vicin
ity, entertained Father Yorke, Father Mc-
Donald, Father O'Ryan, Father Lyons
and Dr. A P. Mulligan yesterday after
noon. Among the visitors to tne camp
yesterday were "Whisky" M. H. Kelly of
San Francisco and J. H. Seipp, president
of the Trustees of the town of Sonoma.
Capny Valley Perjurer:
WOODLAND, Cal., July 12.— Constable
Harrison arrived in this city yester
day morning from Guinda, having
in charge George A. Miller, the father of
Dick and Matthew Miller. The prisoner
was placed in the county jail. The elder
Miller was arrested on his ranch in the
northern part of the county. He is
charged with perjury, having been one of
the alibi witnesses at the trial of Stewart,
who has since confessed to the robbery of
Postmaster Morrin at Rumsey. His ex
amination will take place at Guinda on
Thursday, July 16. No complaint has
been made against Mrs. Miller &~i yet, but
it is rumored that her arrest is likely to
follow in a few dav<*.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND,
Nearly One Thousand Men Now
Employed at the Naval
Station.
The Ringer Being Overhauled and
Mcdernizd— Pugilist Shar
key's Visit.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 12.— There are
now nearly 1000 men employed at the
navy yard. Half of that number are in
the construction department. Before the
month ends there will be 1000 men in that
department alone.
The work is on hand and needs to be
done. The Ranger is to have a complete
overhauling. Engines are being taken out
to allow the shin carpenters to put a new
wooden skin on the inside of the hull.
This will require much time. The Ranger,
when complete, will be modernized in
many respects. The new guns to be
mounted are of an improved pattern.
Months will elapse before the Baltimore
can be repaired. The Concord has had its
propeller removed preparatory to having
new wood backing placed on the shaft
hole. The Benr.ington will by the middle
of the week be ready for sea. A full com
plement of men is on board. It is not
known whither the gunboat is likely to
be sent.
Admiral Rirkland has been "under the
weather" lor some time, and his duties
have fallen upon the shoulders of Captain
of the Yard, Barker, who brought the
Philadelphia out from the East, with the
"Pride of the Navy," Tom Sharkey, on
board.
Captain Barker gives Sharkeyan A No. 1
recommendation, as having been one of
the most reliable men on board, never
having been called to the mast, and
always responding to duty. When here a
day or two ago Sharkey was received tn a
royal manner.
ROMANCE OF McMINNVILLE.
Chance Meeting of a Son of John Brown
and a Son of the Sheriff Who
Hanged Him.
McMINNVIILE, Or., July 12.— Two
men of historical connections met by
chance here during the Bimetallic Con
vention Thursday. As is tbe custom in
all conventions in Oregon every delegate
docs his best to get acquainted with every
other one, and all delegates converse with
each other whether acquainted or not.
Several were going about introducing a
rather handsome man of 40 or thereabouts
whom they called Mr. Booth of McMinn
ville. They would say of him: "Mr.
Booth is the son of tbe Sheriff who hanged
John Brown of Ossawatomie at Harper's
Ferry." This caused people to take more
than a common interest in Mr. Booth.
Finally Booth was introduced to a man
of excellent appearance, whose name was
Salmon Brown. After the introduction
Mr. Booth and Mr. Brown chatted very
pleasantly for a minute or two.
"Mr. Booth," suld Mr. Brown, "was it
your father who hanged John Brown at
Harper's Ferry?"
"Yes," sal.l Mr. Booth. "He was Sher
iff at the time and it was Ms duty to of
ficiate at the execution. No relative of
yours, I hope?"
"Only my father." was the quiet reply.
Mr. Booth and Mr. Brown walked to a
quiet corner in the hotel and talked over
oid times for a half hour and shook hands
cordially when separating.
QUEER ARREST
AT SANTA CRUZ,
Capitalist Cunningham Gets
Into Court as a
Cracksman.
LOOTING HIS OWN SAFE.
Employed an Expert to Secure
Papers Kept From Him by
His Partners.
FOILED BY AN ALERT OFFICER.
Sensational Result of a Quarrel
Between Members of a
Corporation.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., July 12.— The so
cial and religious attractions of a Santa
Cruz Sabbath were given the spice of a
procedure in a Justice's court against J. F.
Cunningham and Jules Ny this morning.
It was no common misdemeanor, but an
offense against property— an attempt to
crack a safe in broaa daylight for a legiti
mate purpose. Whether or not a safe can
be legally cracked is a question of law tt>at
will be considered first by Justice Gardner
and probably afterward by Judge Logan
of the Superior Court. That the safe was
not opened was due to the watchfulness of
the officer, who permitted on'.y an attempt
before he placed the parties under arrest,
md directed them to appear before the
Justice.
The Grover-Cunningham Mill and Lum
ber Company, whose safe Mr. Cunning
ham sought to open, is a corporation
formed of the S. F. Grover Company and
the J. F. Cunningham Company, both
formerly engaged in the lumber and mill
business. At the formation of the present
corporation 1000 shares of stock were is
sued, of which the Grover Company re
ceived 495 and the Cunningham Company
an equal number. The ten remaining
shares were equally divided between J. F.
Cunningham, J. W. Cunningham, T. V.
Mathews, S. F. Grover and D. W. Grover,
who formed the board of directors.
At the June meeting of the board the
dissatisfaction that has existed between
the Cunninghams and Mathews on the
one side and the Grovers on the olher re
sulted in the former, who formed the ma
jority of tne board, discharging D. W.
Grover from his position as assistant man
ager and Secretary Williams from his po
sition as bookkeeper.
The Grovers then sought legal advice,
j and took the ground that this combina
tion of corporations was not a legal cor
poration, an-1, while the Cunningham
faction proceeded to change the locks on
the doors of the buildings and quietly bar
the Grovers out on occasion, the Grovers
resorted to a scheme that greatly puzzled
the Cunninghams. The handsome safe,
into the door of which Jules Ny, the
expert sate man drilled a hole this morn
ing, is the alleged personal property of
the Grovers, and they placed the books
and accounts of the corporation within
its iron and ateei walls aud changed the
combination.
J. F. Cunningham was not to be balked
by such trivial a thing as a safe locked with
a combination whi;h he did not know.
He sent to San Francisco for Expert Jules
Ny. Ny arrived last night, and at 7
o'clock this morning, while the town
was quiet and peaceful, before tbe pleas
ure-seekers and church-goers had begun
to fill the streets, Mr. Cunningham con
ducted the expert to the office of the
Grover-Cunningbam corporation and di
rected him to proceed to open the safe.
Constable Joe Harveston was also there,
with instructions from the Grovers to pre
vent the opening of the s»ie. Harveston
warned them not to proceed, if that was
their intention, but they heeded him not.
Ny, nnder direction of Mr. Cunningham,
j proceeded to the drilling of a hole in the
! safe door. Tbe officer stopped the work
: by th* majesty of the law, and the parties
repaired to Justice Gardner's court. Tuere
Mr. Cunningham and Mr. Ny were charged
with an offense against property, and the
hearing of the case was postponed until
July 20. In the mean time the safe must
remain unmolested by either person.
District Attorney Limit-ay has been attor
ney for the Grovers, but his official posi
tion rendered it necessary that ether coun
sel appear for tbe civil interest of the case,
and Jnilce J. H. Bkirm was made attorney
of record, while Senator Bart Burke ap
peared for the Cunning am«. The de
fendants were allowed to go on their own
recognizance, as the case will be conducted
only as a civil action.
Walnut Creek suicide.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., July 12.— Mrs.
Juda ' Moisan, wife of . a butcher here, was
found dead in her room yesterday. She re
ceived a "large inheritance from France,
which is now deposited in a bank at San
Francisco. Since then she had been
drinking; .
-.--.. . ■ ; ■ ,; — » -
PACIFIC GROVE CHAUIAUQUA.
" Kexe" Women Show ■ a Lively Interest
in Old' Fashioned Cooking.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal., July' 12.— The
Chautauquan Assembly is now well organ
ized. Miss Kate Whittaker's cooking-class
has a greater number of pupils than any
of the others. This is a sign of the , times
showing that the "new woman," notwith
standing her masculinity, is more inter
ested in old-fashioned housekeeping puz
zles than all the isms and ologies. Milton
L. Lawrence's childern's sinpin^-class is
growing in favor also. The forum
hour yesterday was taken up by J. Kay
Toies of Belmont, who lectured on "The
Body and its Culture." Acnes St. Clair
Holbrook of Oakland lectured this after
noon to a large audience on "Social Settle
ments." This subject was ably discussed
in all its phases. A grand orchestral con
cert was Liven by the Oakland Orchestra
with A. T. Stewart as leader. They were
assisted by Miss Clara Safford, Mr. Law
rence, Miss Mast and others. Miss Mast
is connected with the State Institute for
the Blind and her ability, both vocal and
instrumental, is phenomenal.
Kebekah liodge Installation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 12.— Stella Re
bokah Degree Lodge, I. O. O. F., has in
stalled the following officers: TiUie Ward,
noble grand ; Josie Bryan, vice grancf ;
Lillian Fisher, recording secretary; L zzie
L. Coombs, permanent secretary ; Florence
R. Both well, treasurer; Mrs. Nellie Col
lins, R. 8. N. G. ; Mrs. Jennie Finigan, L.
8. N. 0. ; Mrs. Alice Fisher, 11. S. V. G. ;
Clara Cothran, L. S. V. G. ; Mrs. Nellie
Thomas, warden; J. J. Jacquelin, outside
guardiau; Delia Blakeslee, conductor;
Mrs. Isabel Both well, inside guardian;
Mrs. Minnie Watrous, chaplain.
SAN JOSE CELEBRATION,
French Residents Will Observe
the Anniversary of the
Bastile's Fall.
Patriotic Exercises, Dancing and Ath
letic Sports Included in the
Programme.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 12.— The celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile by the
French residents of Santa Clara County
will open in this city to-morrow. The
Swiss residents of the county have been
invited to participate and the celebration
promises to be the most imposing and
successful ever held in San Jose. In the
evening there will be a display of fireworks
at Bicycle Park. This will be followed by
a ball in the carnival pavilion.
On Tuesday morning the celebration
will open with a sunrise salute of
twenty-one guns. In the forenoon there
will be dancing at the pavilion. The after
noon will be given over to patriotic exer
cises, dancing and all kinds of athletic
sports, A tombola of fifty prizes will be
one of the features. The celebration closes
on Tuesday evening with a ball.
LOUIS P. KRAFFT DEAD.
The Lawyer l'asstt Ate ay After a Brief
Illnees.
SAN- JOSE, Cal., July 12.— Louis P.
Krafft, a member of the law firm of Kit
tredge & Krafft, died at his home near
thin city this afternoon of heart disease
after an illness of a couple of weeks. The
deceased was a prominent attorney and
had a large civil practice. ' He was a native
of Illinois, aired 53 year-. In 1880 he came
here from Bellville, 111. He has been as
sociated with the firm of Kittridge &
Krafft since 1891. A widow and an aged
father survive him. • . :
Gathering of Catholic Clergy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 12.— The annual
retreat of the Catholic clergy of the arch-
I diocese of San Francisco will begin at
Santa Clara College to-morrow morning
and continue until next Saturday. Arch-
I bishop Kiordan and about fifty parish
priests will be in attendance. Rev. Father
S&rdi, S. J., of Si. Ignatius College, San
Francisco, will deliver the lectures.
Turn Verein Officer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 12.— Tbe Santa
Clara Turn Yerein has elected the follow
ing, officers for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, Carl Melhoren; vice-president.
Charles Goeckeritz; secretary, C. W.
Werner; treasurer, Julius Breith • trus
tees — George Lauck, A. Fischer and Peter
Sassenrath; librarian, Chris F. Emig;
commissary, Frank Emig.
LAW OF PUEBLO LANDS
City and County Attorney Cres
well Says the City Can
Not Sell Them.
City and County Attorney Creswell has
advised the Board of Supervisors that the
City cannot, Under present existing laws,
sell any of the pueblo hinds remaining in
its hands, and that,' therefore, John Cen
ter cannot be forced to pay the remainder
! of the purchase price of a portion of Mis-.
i sion block ; No. 48, on which he was the
highest bidder nt a recent sale. .
Mr. Creswell's opinion is as follows:
■ To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors:
The communication of Hon. Ado.ph Sutro,
Mayor, to the Board of Supervisors, under date
of March 18, 1896, inclosing the form of a
deed, shows the following facts, viz : That on
December 2, 1895, a resolution was passed by
the board {So. 13,301, third series) empower
ing and requesting the Mayor to sell by public
auction, to the highest bidder, all that portion
of Mission block No. 48 belonging to the City,
lying and being in the bed of Mission Creek,
and that the proceeds of the Bale should be
paid Into the City treasury to the credit
of the Street Department fund; that
under the authority of this reso
lution Messrs. O. F." yon Rhein & Co.
were appointed by the Mayor to make such
sale, which was made after public notice to
John Center for $0400. who -then paid 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid ; that thereafter
on February 3, 1896, the milter of said sale
having been reported to the board, a resolu
tion (No. 13,718, third . r:es) was passed
which recited the facts of the sale, con armed
the same and empowered and requested the
Mayor to convey tho right, title »nd interest
of the City and County in the land sold to
John Center; that a deed was prepared by the
Mayor whic.l purported to convey the title of
the City and County in tho land to Mr Cen
ter, which he declined to receive and refused
to pay the remaining 90 per cent of bis bid
alleging in substance his willinaness to d»v
provided the City could give him her title to
the land.
The Mayor, In his communication to" the
board, suggests that an action for specific per
formance be commenced by the City against
Mr. Center to compel him to accept the deed "
prepared in consequence of the facts above
recited and pay the balance of the purchase
price* uSß^Bp^MßSSßPQß^|Btt4B^tiKtttiS9tt^- vr
~F?$$ T } h law of " the State (section 3394,
Civil Code;, "an agreement lor the sale of prop
erty cannot be specifically enforced in Fnvor
of a seller who cannot give to the buyer a title
(rep from reasonable doubt." -
The question -then squarely presents itself,
Can the City give to Mr. Center, at this time
a title tree from reasonable doubt? If such a
title cannot :be given by the City, then such
an action must inevitably fail.
- In my opinion the City cannot now give Mr.
Center such a title. The land in question was
not in the possession of any person on the Ist
day of January, 1855, and therefore is a part
of the residue of the pueblo lands which by
the decree of Justice Field in tho case of San
Francisco vs. United States (4 Sawyer, 5»3, is
held in trust "for the use and benefit of the
inhabitants of tho City of S«n Francisco. It
has frequently been decided by the Supreme
Court of California "that the tenure by which
the lands (pueblo lands) were held was of a
fiduciary nature and could not be alienated
except in accordance with the trust and it
was for the Legislature to decide how the trust
should be performed." (San Francisco vs. Cana
van, 43 Cal. 536.) . m
The Legislature has never passed any act
authorizing the sale of the whole or any part
of the residue of the pueblo lands of this City
and county, unlese such power nas or P e ®"_" >n -
ferred by the act approve d March ii, i»/4.—
(Statutes 1873-4, p. 711^ This act, in my
opinion, confers no such power. True it au
thorises and requires the Board of Super
visors, "under such rules and regulations as
they may prescribe, to sell at public auction,
to the highest and best bidders, all of said
Channel street and Mission creek from Isinth
to Eighteenth streets, except such portions
thereof as may be required for the purposes
of the sewer and street" therein provided for.
This act was considered by the Supreme
Court in San Francisco vs. Ellis, 54 Cal. ,Z,
and tho record of tnla case shows conclusively
that the title author. zed by the act to be dis
posed of was the title of the State and not the
title of the City to the residue of its pueblo
lands. _
The Legislature by the act made the Board
of Supervisors the medium through which the
State would sell land then supposed to be
owned by the State. Not until the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, on
December 21, 1891, in the case of Thomas
Knight vs. United Land Association (142 U. S.
101) and others, adjudging the Yon Leicht
lurvey of December 18, 1883, to be the correct
survey of the pueblo of San Francisco, was it
known mat these lands did not belong to the
State.
The Intention of the Legislature in the
passage of this act, ascertained from contem
poraneous history, was to fell land that be
lones to the State, and not to grant a power to
sell any part of the residue of the pueblo lands
of the City. The act cannot now be made to
apply to the pueblo lands when it was not the
intention of the Legislature that it should ap
ply to them. It must then necessarily follow
that there is no law authorizing the board to
Bell any of the residue of tbe pueblo lands of
the City, and as the land put up for sale at
auction by authority of the board and bid in
by Mr. Center was a part of the resiaue of such
pueblo lands, that the authorization for such
sale giveu by the board was void. The author
ization to sell being void, the sale was void.
The board not having had the power to
mnke the aale had no power afterward to
ratify the sale that was made, because it could
only ratify that which ii had the power to do.
If Mr. Center 6hould pay to the City the
amount of his bid and receive a deed from the
Mayor, in my opinion, he would not, In the
language of the code, receive "a title free from
reasonable doubt," but would in fact receive
no title at all.
For these reasons a cuit for specific perform
ance, in my opinion, cannot be maintained by
the City against Mr. Center as suggested in the
communication of the Mayor.
Before any valid sale of the residue of the
pueblo lands can be made ii will be necessary
to have an act authorizing any such sale
passed by the Legislature.
Harry T. Cresweix,
Attorney and Counselor.
MINED IN NEVADA COUNTY
Where Richard P. Bland First
Became a White-Metal
Enthusiast.
Handled Pick and Shovel and "Bunked"
in a Cabin on Relief
Hill.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., July 12.— The
Transcript last evening said: Compara
tively few of our readers know of the fact
that Hon. 1L P. Bland, one of the promi
nent candidates ior President before the
National Democratic Convention at
Chicago this week, was once a resident
of Nevada County. In 1857 "Dick," as all
his acquaintances called him, lived at
Relief Hill and workea in the mines. He
also taught school for a short time, find
ing the latter occupation more congenial
to bis nxture than the laborious task of ■
wielding pick and shovel.
Constable William Scott of this city was
mining on Relief Hill in those days and
lived in the same cabin with Bland. This
cabin was about thirty feet iong by
twenty wide and built of double rows of
logs. In one end waa a row of bunks in
which tne men slept, the cabin being
occupied by several miners, while a
kitchen was located at the other end of tbe
room.
This was the rough domicile in which
the future politician and statesman made
his home for several months.
After living at that place about a year
Bland drifted over to Washoe, in the State
of Nevada. There he lived a few years,
being on the Comstock when the silver
excitement was at its height. There he
formed the acquaintance of men who
afterward became prominent, and there
he gained an insight into the importance
of tne silver-mining industry that in latT
years caused him to appear as one of tho
strongest advocates in the halls of Con
gress in favor of the white metal, gome
years later he returned to "the States"
and located in Missouri, becoming one of
the foremost men of that State.
HSlj^^^ AN YOU AFFORD
to have your face and hands filled with
pimples and blood blotches ? ' If you can •
—if you want boils in yonr bair, on your
face, on your body, all over yourself— lf
you wish great big sarsaparilla trademarks
on your face— use a sarsaparilla containing
iodide of potassium. If you want a clean
face, a clean stonvc'', a clean body, use
TESTIMONIAL. '<
The Edw. W. Joy Company — Sirs: I
have been a sufferer from a horrible blood
disease for the last five years. Have suf-
fered untold misery, both bodily and men-
tally. Have used Joy's Vegetable Sarea-
:parilla continually, and ' have' derived
wonderful benefits from it. ' - '.'s-vc 1
.1 had* ruined my stomach by taking
mercury, and potash until I Decani* a
chronic dyspeptic,, unable to retain the
least solid on my stomach. At 'the writ-
ing can eat anything and digest it thor-
oughly without any inconvenience. 'When
I commenced taking Joy's Vegetable !
Sarsauarilla I weighed 125 pounds,' now I
weigh : 160 pounds, feel well, eat .well and
beiieve I am well, but will continue taking
the remedy right along.
i'ou may publish 'this, as I want all suf-
ferers to be benefited by mv experience. '"
(Signed) MR. THOMAS Q. BROWN,
• Muyriela, Cal.
SHUN THE SUBSTITUTE", '•'■ ;-'-"' '.:■■•'
The matt certain and safe Pain Remedy.* Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Son
Throat, Bronchitis, . Congestions i and Inflamm*. "
Uou* 6«c per bottle, bold by l>ru^lsi« ■POPULISTS WILL
STAND ALONE,
Leading Members of the
Party Say There Can't
Be Fusion.
THE CRY OF "THIEF!"
Democracy Charged With Steal
ing a Plank From Their
Platform.
WOULD PKEFEK DLFEAT NOW
Anything R.ther Than Compromise
on Cond.tions That Would Not
Help the Country.
WHEKEAS, The People's party of the |
fnited States' is now a National party
and has cant 2,000,000 votfS on it plat
form involving a full financial reform,
direct legislation and the abolition of
t ru.i" and oppressive monopolies, and j
wh«rca>, the Democratic party in its
death throe* has stolon one little silver
plank only from our platform and now
again masquerades bvfor c tho country.
RESOLVKD, That we the County Com
mittee of the People's party of the City
and County of San Francisco are unal
trvably opposed to any fusion whatever
with either of the old political parties;
therefore be it further
RKSOLTKD, That we Insist that our
National convention must take no retro
gressive steps 'whatever, but must ad
here to each and every principle laid
down in the Omaha platform.
The Populists will have nothing to do
with the Democrats because a silver plank
has been inserted in the Democratic plat
form. Their principles, they proudly
maintain, are like truth — unchangeable —
and consequently the People's party under
no consideration can afford to co so far as
a compromise by fusion with the Demo
crats all on account of silver — which the
Populists claim was niched from their
code of principles. Lest any one might |
mistake their attitude on this subject the
Populists have come out boldly and de
nounced the possibility of fusion with
Democrats — at least with the silver half
of what used to be the Democratic party.
At a meeting Saturday night the Ban
Francisco County Committee discussed
this question in all its phases, so that
there remained no point unconsidered.
They asserted in their preamble that
the People's party was no longer a side
show in the political arena, but a potent
factor of more than 2,000.000 votes; that
their principles were immutable and more
sacred than personal aggrandizement or
temporary benefits, or something to that
effect, and then they resolved that they j
were unalterably opposed to any union
whatsoever with the jilverites. They also
insisted on their National Convention ad
hering to the principles laid down in the
Omaha convention.
But the lines that cut to the quick were
these:
The Democratic party in its death !
throe* has stolen one little si'ver plank
only from uur platform, and now again
masquerades before the country.
These slings and arrows are hard to bear.
They have widened the breach. They
have branded the Democratic National
Convention with a crime, and here a rec- !
ognized organization of the People's party i
cries at the Democrats, "Thief! Thief!" j
So how can they fuse now?
The local leaders of the Populists are no j
less backward in expressing their opin
ions. They, too, cry "Thief!" And they
declare that the Democratic silver scheme
does not even come up to their views,
since it is not at all the same proposition
as that formulated/ by the People's party
concerning money.
£. S. Barney, chairman of the San Fran
cisco People's Party County Committee,
claimed yesterday that fusion with the
silver wing of Democracy was utterly im
possible.
"No doubt Bryan has been put np for a
purpose," said he. "He comes from a
State nearly all Populists. This resolution
from our committee last night is not an
instruction to our delegates who s?o to St.
Louis, for they go uninstrncted. They are
free to do as they please, but these resolu
tions show the sentiments of the People's
party on the question.
"One thing I can assure you, if Mr.
Bryan wants the support of the People's
party, he will have to indorse the entire
platform of the People's party. But I'm
sure they'll not give it to him, nor do I
believe that he will do this. If he won't
there is no earthly show of indorsing him.
"The sentiment of the majority of the
County Committee is carried out in these
resolutions. Tne Populists have advo
cated silver for eight years and it has
gradually grown till adopted by the Demo
cratic party. Why should we adopt Mr.
Bryan because he has taken np one of our
planks? It is not a vital question of our
platform, but merely one of them. The
People's party is a reform party. It may
never get into power, but it stands for the
reforms of the day, and some day these re
forms will take root Because they have
been made by honest people. It makes
almost a political martyr of a man to be
long to the party. There is no office in
sight
"A genuine People's party man will
never leave the middle of the road. Of the
old-line men who have been in the work
for years one plank cannot scatter them.
The sentiment expressed last night was
that we had every confidence in our dele
gates, and that we left it all to them. The
People's party goes further. We are fight
ing for direct legislation and that we
should rule ourselves. It would certainly
be plain frorx this that the party cannot
flop over to the Democratic party. It
would destroy the integrity of the party.
The bitterest enemy the people have in the
South is the Democrat. If there be any
fusion in the South it would be with the
Republicans, who assist the Populists
there against their common enemy."
Dr. Daywalt, who is a prominent mem
ber of the executive committee of the
Populist county committee and grand
medical director of the Ancient Order
United Workmen, was bitterly opposed to
fusion.
"The trouble is," be said, "the Demo
crats want silver restored as redemption
money, whereas the Populists demand
that sliver be restored to unlimited coin
age. Yet if there be not sufficient money
to do the business of the country, let it be
supported with a currency on the credit of
the Nation, not to have it redeemable by
gold or silver. In other words, the Popu
lists want money to consist of gold, silver
and paper, each dollar to be of equal value,
irrespective of the substance from which
it is made, and to be redeemable in the
other, and to be a full lei»al tender for all
payments. We want the Government to
come in competition with the banks to
issue money to the people.
"Now, how Mr. Bryan can accept the
nomination from the Populists when our
platform is totally at variance with the
money conception of the Democrats, I
don't see. The Populists cannot afford to
go before the country and say with the
Democrats: 'Restore silver to the function
of redemption money, and all the ills of
humanity will be removed,' because the
Populists would be left in the lurch.
"Those are my reasons for thinking that
fusion is out of the question. One thing is
sure— there can be no fusion with the Dem
ocrats by the Populists accepting the Dem
ocratic platform as a substitute for their
ideas. They could not accept it either as
a compromise measure for the issues for
which the Populist party stands are
uncompromisable.
"The People's party at large consists of
men who are advocating principles which
they believe are for the good of the
country, and so they would better go down
to honorable defeat than to compromise
on conditions that would not help the
country. That platform of the Demo
crats is a conglomeration of nonsense — a
poor attempt at putting- modern new
Populist wine into the old bottles of
I Democracy."
BOHEMIA CRICKETERS WIN
Playing the Pacific Ciub They
Gain a Very Easy
Victory.
The California Eleven Is Badly De-
feated by the Alameda
Team.
The two cricket matches played yester
day in the Hunter-Harrison cup contest
resulted in two most decisive victories. !
At Alameda the Pacifies were pitted
against ihe Bohemians and were com
pletely snowed under. It was not their
day. Captain Robertson of the Bohemians
had evidently resoived to win the match,
and he did it unaided.
Captain Theobald of the .Pacifies, win
ning the toss, sent his opponents in. The
first three wickets fell without many runs
being scored — and then. Then the re
doubtable Billy took center, an'', outliving
the rest of his team, put up 106 runs in
almost faultlps.s pl.-iy. He was aided and
abetted to the exientof seventy runs, so
that the side's to al reached 176. CasMy
and Dickinson shared the bowling honors
for the Facih'cs.
The latter-named team, with the strong
est force they have managed to cluster this
year, ibon went to bat. Richardson, to
whom their hopes were mainly fixed, suc
ceeded in reaching double figures, when
he succumbed to a leg breaker of Robert
son's. After his downfall the issue was
quickly reached, the whole side being dis
posed of for a modest 37.
They followed on and made a good show
ing for the loss of one wicket, but this did
not avail to alter the result, which was in
favor oi the Bohemians by 139 on the first
innings. The score:
BOHKMIANS.
Dr. Bowhill st Mpyers b. Caitdy 11
B. S. Mm tin c. \V.«i- li. im-kiu.-on 4
J. J. Morinrty :. b. w. b. Dickinson 2
A. D. Reynold** c. Kicbardson b. Dickinson 15
W. Koberton not out 10t5
A. i.. shrath b. Dickinson 4
G. Poliock b. Dickinson 13
W. McCrea run out 3
F. K. Uoider b. i asidv 11
W. Reeves c. and b. Casidy 1
H. H. Cookson b. I'asldy 0
Extras. 6
Total 176
BiiWLINB ANALYSIS.
Bulls. Runs- Maidens. Wlckeu
Caaidv 9U 49 1 4
Dickinson. 188 U 2 5
Klcnardson 42 28 1 0
Pocock 18 17 0 0
Hill 30 14 I 0
FACIFICS— FIBST INNINflS.
G. B. Wise b. Cookson 7
G. Theobald b. Robertson 1
H. Richardson b. Robertson 13
J. Myers b. Robertson 1
A. Dickinson b. Cookson 0
H. E Pocock b. houertson -. 6
E. A. Mutch b. Cookson 0
J. J. Theobald b. Cooksou.. 0
H. C. Casidy not out. 7
J. H. Hftrbonr b Robertson 0
C. B. Hili b. Kobertson 0
Extras. 2
Total 37
BOWUNO ANALYSIS.
Balls. Huns. Maiden*. Wickets
Robertson 67 17 2 6
Cookson b6 18 3 4
PACIFICS— BKCOND TUNINGS.
H. Richardson not out 46
H. C. Casidy h. Moriarty S3
U. Tbeobaid not out 5
Extras. 11
Total for one wicket 84
The bowling of -Robertson, who did the
"hat trick," and his colleague, Coouson,
was the feature of this innings.
Meanwhile the Alamedas were having a
"walkover" in their match with the Cali
foriiias at Golden Gate.
Considering the talent opposed to them,
the latter did creditably in amassing a
score of 73. For this credit is chiefly due
Guild, Brooks and Geliatiy.
But when Teddy Hood of Alameda
started off with 28 and was followed by
Hogue with a carefully played 89, Sloman
with 31 and other valuable contributions,
the result shown in the following score
was a bygone conclusion:
C A LI OB. VI AS.
C. Townley b. Sloruau 5
T. 1>. Gellatly c Bragg b. Sloman 13
J. Guild c.Bragg b sloman . 20
J. *J. BrooltH I. b. w. b. >!oman... 17
V. Sollum b. Ward Hr g
C. Hastings c. sub. b. Sloman 2
G. Van Norden t>. Ward Sr 0
C. l;»nr,"r not urn 7
ii. liearricld absent 0
G. Croil abtent 0
L. Schroeder ab^ont 0
Leg byes, 3: wldes, 3 6
Total 73
BOWLING AN A LTBIS.
Buns. Wicks. Ov«t». Maids. Wide*.
G. G. Sloman... S4 5 85 2 0
H. Ward Sr..... 34 2 3 2 3
ALAMKDA&
E. Hood b. Banner 28
E. T. Handel! c Van Norden b. Guild. In
E. (i. Sloman b. Banner 31
R. B. Hogu<- b. Guild 89
H. J. Cronin »:. Gnild b. Gellatly 13
>!. Ward Hr. b. solluiu 15
J. J. R. Peel b. GullJ 9
C. Braes not out 19
A. F. Chambers b. Banner IK
F. a Pr;ce absent 0
H. Bird absent 0
Extras 10
Total 242
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls, Runs. Maidens. Wicket*.
Guild 91 02 1 3
Banner 129 73 1 3
Townsley 42 30 0 0
Oeilatiy 18 24 0 1
Bollutu 67 43 0 1
A tloo*eruitld'« AfrrtU
Lena Voorhees, who baa been working as a
domestic for Mrs. Hopper of 712 Bush street,
wat arrested last night on a charge of grand
larceny. She was accused of talcing several
articles of cut-glass ware and other household
goods. They were found iu her trunk when it
was opened, but she says some of the other
girls in the house mu."! have put the stolen
articles there.
The average amount of sunshine per day
in England 13 four hours.
Loans od diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris'* 16 Uraut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
Promii ent Members of the French Colony to Whom Has Been Intrusted the Success of To-Morrow's
Celebration of the Fall of Bastile.
[From photographs by Thort,\
WILL CELEBRATE
IN GRAND STYLE.
French Residents to Fit
tingly Observe Their
National Fete.
BASTILE IN FIREWORKS.
American and French Emblems
Will Be Equally Prominent
. in Decorations.
THEY CAN DANCE ALL NIGHT.
Streetcar Companies Agree to Run
Cars as Late as Is
The French residents of the CUy and its
environments were busily engaged yester
day in making preparations for a crand
celebration of the Fall of the Bastile, the
anniversary of which event occurs next
Tuesday. The Chutes grounds have been
selected for the scene of the festivities, and
the wry active committee chosen from the
local French societies has made arrange
ments for a celebration commensurate
with the enthusiasm of the resident ad
herents of the tricolor and befitting the
importance of the occasion commemo
rated.
Some dissatisfaction was at first evinced
at tLe ■election of the Chutes grounds.
Last year the affair was observed by a
grand picnic at Shell Mound Park and
that was considered a most successful ar
rangement. Particularly were the older
members of the colony pleased with the
opportunity afforded for a quiet day's out
ing with their families. The younger
members, however, preferred a celebra
tion in the City where then could oe fire
works galore, dancing until dawn, if they
desired, with no inexorable ferry-boat to
place an arbitrary time limit on their en
joyment.
The older members good-natur«>dly re
signed their preference and now everybody
is working heartily to make the occasion
one from which French residents can count
time.
Just how many celebrants there will be
on the grounds It is difficult to say. Oak
land, Alameda, Berkeley, Sausalito and,
in fact, all the outlying towns will join
with San Francisco, and many individual
parties from San Jose, Sacramento, Stock
ton and other cities which will have cele
brations of their own will proba ly take
occasion to meet their countrymen of this
City. Certain it is the crowd will number
many thousands.
The literary exercises will take place in
the pavilion at 2 o'clock. After an over
ture by the band Sylvain Weill, president
of the day, will make *n address.
The orchestra will then play "Hail Co
lumbia." followed by an oration by Alex
andre Lawrence de Lalande, the French
Consul. The French singing society will
rpnder in chorus, "Sur le Ramparts," and
M. E. Kuowlton will deliver an address in
English. Mrs. L. Fighter will sing the
"Star-spangled Banner," M. J. Dupuy
will deliver. the address in French ana "La
Marseillaise," without which no patriotic
French programme would be complete,
will be sung c»y .\i. Marcel Perron, accom
panied by the French singing society. A
selection by the orchestra will conclude
the afternoon's programme.
Owing to theinadequency of the pavilion
it is not expected that near all present will
be able to witness the exercises. For the
benefit of those who cannot and those
who do not care to enter the pavilion a
band wiii be employed on the outside all
day. In the evening there will be a band
in the pavilion for dancing and also one
on the outside.
Special arrangements have been made
with the car companies whereby cars can
be run all night if necessary, so the young
people will have no cause to complain of
th«>ir pleasure being curtailed.
The great leature of thn evening's enter
tainment will be a magnificent fireworks
display. There will be besides the rockets,
bombs and smaller pyrotechnics, a num
ber of set pieces. The first of these will
be the word "welcome." There will be a
beautiful piece representing the French
and American flags intertwined with the
dates '76 and '89, the great years in the
countries' histories. The seal of Califor
nia promises to be an attractive piece. A
representation of the bastile will be given
and as the image fades into embers there
will appear out of the ruins the French
motto, "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity."
The French goddess of liberty will be
the last set piece. Then after the universal
manner of French pyrotechnic disnlays
the exhibition will end with a grand en
semble or "bouquet" of fireworks set off
at once.
The general committee to which the suc
cess of the fete will be largely due con
sists of the French Consul," honorary
president; president of the day, Sylvain
Weill; vice-presidents, P. A. Beru'erot and
J. Godart; treasurer, M. J. Godear; secre
tary, M. J. Deschamps. Numerous sub
committees have done yeoman service and
deserve great credit.
NEW REPUBLICAN CLUB.
The Hobart Club of the Forty- Second
Begin* With Four-Score Members.
The Hobart Republican Club of the
Forty-second District was organized last
Saturday night at their rooms, 514 Geary
street, and the following officers were
elected: President, Michael O'Hearn,
vice-v resident, Georee Kelly; secretary,
John H. McCarthy; corresponding secre
tary, James Flynn; serjeant-at-arms,
Henry H. Griffin: executive committee,
Edward Morris, John Connolly, Harry
Smith, Andrew Helling, Charles tfergolrt.
Speeches were delivered by Thomas B.
O Brien, J. J. McCarthy and Andrew Kel
ling, after which the club indorsed Thomas
B. O'Brien for Congressman from the
Fourth District, and J. J. McCarthy for
Assemblyman from the Forty-second Dis
trict.
Another Republican club was formed
last night at K. R. B. Hall. Ex-Sheriff
Thomas Deumond was elected temporary
chairman and W. Hudson temporary sec
retary. A committee of fi»a was appointed
by the chair on permanent organization.
The members of the new club are confi
dent that the club will be one of the larg
est thi.s side of New York within a month.
Beventy-nine members signed the roll,
after which the club adjourned to meet at
the call of the chair, wnen permanent or
ganization shall have been effected.
WILL SEEK THEIR RIGHTS.
Fourth-Street Property-Owners to
Organize an Improve
ment Club.
An Effort Will Be Made to Have the
Thoroughfare Placed in Good
Condition.
Property-owners and residents on
Fourtn street, between Market and Fol
som, will make an effort to have the City
powers that be improve that important
thoroughfare by putting down a respect
able pavement.
The first step in this direction will be
made to-night at 7 Fourth street, when an
improvement club will be organized. The
leaders in the movement are: J. M.
Strauss, Arthur Manderlein, Henry
Schulz. Joseph Hammond and ex-Super
visor Sullivan, though these rive gentle
men are backed by several hundred
people.
In view of the fact that the Market
street company is now engaged in build
ing an electric road on Fourth street and
consequently tearing up the thorough
fare to an appreciable degree, the people
think it a good time for the City to get in
and put down a respectable pavement.
The present "apoloiy,"' they argue, is
worse than no pavement at all, because
the cobbles have become so worn with
years of constant travel as to render it
practically impossible for heavily loaded
teams to move with any degree of com
fort or safety.
In consequence of this much of the
traffic is diverted to other streets.inflictiug
a daily loss on the property-owners.
Fourth street is an accepted thoroughfare,
and ihe city is pledged to keep it in good
order. It is thought, there lore, by tnose
directly interested that if the situation is
properly placed before the city authorities
they will not longer neglect to do what
they claim should have been done many
months ago.
It is expected that every property-owner
interested in the movement will attend
the meetiuE to-night.
A Visiting Bishop.
Bishop Hendrix of Kansas City, Mo., preached
yesterday morning at the Centenary Methodist
Episcopal Church South, on Bush street near
Octavia. Bisbop Hendrix, who is one of the
bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South, is at present visiting In this State, and
quite a good-sized congregation listened to
Him yesterday, considering tnat many are
away from the city at present on their vaca
tions. The presiding elder of the dfstrlct occu
pied the pulpit in the evening.
An Engineer Wedded.
W. C. W. Lyon, the chief engineer of the
steamer Monticello, and Miss W. A. Brnhn,
daughter of P. F. Bruhn, were wedded yester
day at tne residence of the bride's parents, 21
Rondell place. The groom was at one time an
Arctic explorer, and has bad many thrilling
experiences iv the land of the Esquimau,
THE ARMY OF
JESUS CHRIST,
A Queer Little Secession
From the Salvation
Army.
IT HAS "TALENT" IN IT.
The "General" and Organizer
Has a Big Ambi
tion
BUT A VERY SMALL AUDIENCE.
It Has Temporarily Suspended the
Barber Business oa Account
of Drunkenness.
There is a queer little religions "army"
operating in Merchants street, just oppo
site Dunbar alley, with its Morgue and
lately the police station.
The headquarters is a naturally dismal
little room decked out in American flags
and tricolored bunting.
The front of the place is forbidding, the
doors and windows beinsr covered, with
boards nailed over them, and wearing the
appearance of the last stage of dilapida
tion. Above the door is the legend :
"Jesus Christ's Army— services between 8
and 10 p. m."
Inside the little room there is a number
of rude benches, a small platform in the
rear, with a «tand covered with wall paper
and decorated also with an American flag.
Above the stand against the wall is the
word "Welcome" in large, red ana blue
letters.
The room is twice partitioned so that
there are three in one. The main di
vision is in the center, and on the other
sida of it. so the general says, are sleepirg
bunks that may be engaged for 5 cents, in
cluding breakfast.
The other partition is a little square in
plain boards in the corner at the door and
forms the general's office, where he Keeps
the bass drum and tho one hymn book
belonging to his army.
In the corner of the general room with
the benches is a greasy and worn barber's
chair and against the plain boards of the
general's office is a notice printed in lead
pencil that the price of shaving is 5 cents
anil of hair-cutting 10 cents.
The shaving and hair-cutting branch of
the Army of Jesus Christ has been tempo
rarily suspended. A barber waa engaged
for some little time, but he was drunk
nearly all the time, and as General Dag
gan explained yesterday, "You know that
wouldn't do. We had to let him go."
General Duggan is the organizer of the
Army of Jesus Christ. He wears a bright
red cap with the name of the army in gold
across the front. The rest of the uniform
consists'of a long blue clerical frock coat
with big black buttons up the front and
stand-up collar. He wears no stars or
bars and calls attention to the plainness
of the outfit as showing that he does not
wish to heap distinction upon himself in
the matter of dress.
General Duggan was a soldier in the
ranks of the salvation army for several
years, he says, but left it upon discovering
that that organization did not do for the
poor what it professed to ; that instead of
giving away the clothes and provisions
donated for the purpose its officers sold
them.
The general organized the new army just
seven months a o and points with pride
to the achievements of that short time.
He says he is now feeding from fifteen
to twenty people a day at 5 cents each.
The kitchen is just back of the general
meeting-hall. Breakfast is served at 8
o'clock, when the men are turned out of
their cots, dinne 1 * at noon and supper be
tween 4 and 5. The religious services be
gin at 8 o'clock and continue until 10.
At 9 o'clock lasi night the services were
in full swing. A man with no uniform sat
at one end of the little platform, lustily
beating a bass drum, while the general
sang the well-known hymns in vogue with
the Salvation Army.
There were three men who sat on the
benches in front of the stand, silent
auditors. The bass drummer beat the
drum, but raised not his voice. The gen
eral changed the tune time and again, and
calling God's blessing upon his audience,
begged them to join him in the hymn.
But they would not.
An old woman in a room above the
saloon across the street, annoyed by the
constant hammering of the drum, was
beating a pair of tin pans together out of
her raised window.
Some children amused themselves by
rolling rocks into the room. None of
these things annoyed the general in the
least, so far as apparent, but the burden
of sustaining tie interest of his audieuce
sat upon him heavily.
He sang four hymns in succession", and
the audience was showing some si<ms of
restlessness under the monotony. He be
gan the fifth but pitched it too "hieh, and
was forced to change it again, explaining
that he had a cold. While he hurriedly
thumbed over the leaves of the hymn
book, he promised the audience that if it
would only wait a while "two of the best
singers in the army" would be there pres
ently, as also "some other talent."
He went over and whispered to the man
at the drum. The man nodded and let the
drum down off his knees.
"We will have seme experiences," said
the general in a tone of infinite relief.
The drummer, a heavy, unhappy-looking
man, rose and said: "I haven't much to
say. lam a Christian, and I advise you
fellows to come up and get religion and
find happiness. If you put something in
the collection, too, it will be appreciated
and will help the general out; he needs
it"
He sat down and the general began in a
rather strident tone to say that his army
was international notwithstanding the dis
play of American flags. "We expect this
army to soon spread, not only across the
continent to New York, but to Europe and
all around the world. While we have the
American flag here we have no eagle, you
notice, which indicates that our army 13
not of one country, but is worldwide.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Sky ball Won the Stakes— Ocean View
Park to Open on Sunday
Next.
Eddie Corcoran's benefit at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday brought out one
of the largest crowds that has been seen
at that resort since it opened, and the de
votees of the sport saw good coursing. A
great many ladies were among the audi
ence, and their commissions with the bet
ting of the leashmen kept two boxes going
all day. ~ - ,
Sky ball, the speediest of the coast dogs,
won his second stake within a month in
hollow style. The Cronin & McDonald
kennel also took fourth with Lissak.
The management of the grounds, includ
ing the judging and the kennel steward
ship of Jack Bradshaw, were highly satis
factory.
Following is the result of the run down :
Cronin and McDonald's Lissak beat D. Rol
ands Jack, M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat J.
Haunon's Marguerite, Cronan and McDonald's
Best Trump beat J. Quane's Captain Morse, T.
McHugh's Royal Stag beat P. Kerrigan's Lady
Logan. Villa kennel's Electric bent Dillon and
Reilly's Sunol, H. Perigo's Longfellow bent G.
Buehn's Belie Roche, W. Perry's Gee Whiz
beat A. Merrill's Ben Brush, Cronin and Mc-
Donald's Skyball beat T. Neenan's Regent,
Portal and Haggerty's Magnet beat
W. Perry's Coomassie, P. Ryan's Molly
Bawn a bye, J. Moran's "Uncle Sam
beat Cronin and McDonald's Reliance,
D. Tolami's Fireman beat S. Lehman's Nellie
C, H. Be vine's Governor Jim beat A. Merril's
Tommy Hall, M. Rodgers' Sly Boy beat P. Ker
rigan's Laurel Leal, M. Traynor's Climax beat
P. Ryan's Magpie. G. Wattson's Belmont beat
M. Traynor's Whip Jr., Dillon & Reilly's Bill
Nye beat J. Grace's Deceiver, J. Kerrigan's
Lord Clifton beat C. Evans' Dashaway ■
First ties— Las'on beat Valley Maid, Roya-
Stag beat Best Trump, Electric beat Longfels
low, Skybnll beat Gee Whiz, Magnet beat Molly
Bawn, Fiieman b?at Uncle Sam, Sly Bnv beat
Governor Jim, Belmont beat Climax, Bill Nye
beat Lord Clifton.
Second ties-^Lissak beat Royal Stag, Skyball
beat Electric, Fireman beat Magnet, Belmont
beat Sly Boy, Bill Nye a bye.
Third ties— Fireman beat Lissak, Skyball beat
Bill Nye, Belmont a bye.
Fourth ties— Skyball beat Belmont, Fireman
a bye.
Skyball beat Fireman.
On gunday next a $1 stake, with $20
added, will be run. r *^j£p&s
Next Sunday : will see the reopening of
Ocean View Park under . the management
of Martin W. Kerrigan. Entrance "to the
opening stake, tor, which a large number
ol dogs have been promised, will be $1, to
which Mr. Kerrigan will add. $25. The
drawing will take place at 909 Market
street on Friday evening next. ■
OFF TO YOSEMITE.
Seleot Parties for Whom Reduced Rates
and Special Privileges Have
Been Secured.
The Yosemite Valley is just now at
tracting many visitors. Tourists ju«t re
turned from there report that conditions
are most favorable for those who desire to
see the valley to good advantage. The
recent cut in rates has been taken advan
tage of by Excursion Manager Locke, who
has made arrangements for a numter of
select parties of ladies and gentlemen to
take a ten days' trip to the valley, by
which they will enjoy special facilities in
transit and while in the valiey.
One party will start the latter part of this
week and those who desire to join it
should call at the Mr. LocKe's residence,
j 333 O'Fanell street, any day from 3 to 9
p. M. These parties will De provided with
special carriages, and all their hotel ac
commodations en route and while in the
valley will be furnished. Mr. Locke has
adopted the route via Merced and Coulter
ville, the one over which Governor Budd
recently visited the Yosemite, as offering
the best advantages. Stops will be made
at Coulterville to visit the ureat mines
there, and at Bowers' Cave and the Mer
ced Big Trees, with a sojourn of several
days in the valley.
HEW TO-DAY:
]T1)
Here's a regular old
'Grandpa's chair. H|
A single glance at it ought
to put a voice in every one
of your tired bones.
Deep spring seat and high
back; broad -oaken arms- — all
the comforts that make you
willing to -linger longer. ['
: . ; Just a cnance ; illustration
of the kind of upholstery we
make every day.
I Your interest is ours
we're cute enough to have
prices right.
CALIFORNIA .
FURNITURE COMPANY
, (N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street. .:
;. COSMOPOLITAN . ;.■
Opposite C.a. Mint, 100 aad r 10i" Fifth su, „ SM
iranclsco, CaL—Tha most, select family hotal la
iho city. Board and room, #1, SI 25 and *1 5 J Pat
I «iay according to room. % Meals Ma. t Baoau, oJ 3 '
[ and 760 a day, - ; r m coach to and trom (as nocai.
, iook lor tha coactj bearing the 1 nam« ot m» >Jj«<
Is the light that will brine a" great bi&
glow of happiness to you. . By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. > Hudyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spa-"*
ciaiists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. r It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from ; nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. .Write
for circulars and testimonials. :
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery 'of the .. age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely .vegetable.
■ i HUDYAN stops prematureness of tha
discharge in twenty days. Cures; LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous, twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. . Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
.organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2003 ■ pri-
vate indorsements.  /.-
I Prematureness means impotency in th 9
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan. .
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. -Send for circulars and testimonials.
; TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads ■ of, sora*
I producing germs. Tiien come sore "throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
'ailing hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by. writing for "Blood Book" to the old physician*
01 the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. :
' Stockton, Mnrket and Ellis Sta.
' SAN FBAKCISCO. CAL.
IMPORTANT****
In closing out my San Jose JRi ■
branch store, and aa it Is my de- 1 :.. cW ,
sire to open for Fall and "Winter
with the finest assortment and dtfafttifc
novelties of new woolens now BfwsfK
ordered from the many factories, K&tF&sA •
I therefore offer my entire stock JR»
of Suitings, Tbousebixgb and iQSa£Er?3
Overcoatings i^^Bß*nrTr
REGARDLESS OF COST SSIf
• for the next 60 days. Thla Is a l|r 1 !
GENUINE REDUCTION SALE ljj|fj ,
Pants to order, formerly $5. «6, fij J»'l
and 87. reduced to 83.50 • J H
and 8 1. r><>. I ■
Pants to order, formerly $7, *8, t. H va \-
and 89, reduced to 85.00 k f : i > >»A
and 80.00. 2*-' ■ -
—. Suits, formerly tIT 50, «90 and J25,
Get* offered nt 813.50 915.50.
LJ and another suitings reduced In
5i4. like proportion. . . .: .
/£s!£s& Don'tmlss this opportunity. Give "
fiKV^a me a call whether you buy or not.
fISjHKBk Perfect fit and good workmanship
WBHEaaBa guaranteed or money returned. , - .
W Joe PoJisiin, THE '
pft 1108 rililOli3! 9 TAILOR
[I'M' . 201 and 203 Kontaomery St, car. Cush, :
mm .724 and 1110 and 1 112 HarketSL,
:j M 485 Fourteenth St.,opp. City Kail, Oakland, Cil.
**Jy**ji2\ i 603 md m 1 st - Sacramento, Cal.
*~* 143 South Spring JL, Ls: loggias, Cal.
DRMQNULTY.
mHIS WELL-KNOWN AND BELTABLE '
I J. clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. lie stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo- '
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
j terrible effect*. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
I Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind aud body, caused .by the Errors,
! Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
- He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re- I
moves Deformities and restores the. Organs to .
Health. - He also cured Diseases, caused by Mer- '
cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by. thorough
medical treatment. Ills New Pamphlet on Pri-
I vate Diseases sent Free to ail men who describe -
their trouble. . Patients cured at Home. Term* •
reasonable. ' . . _
Hours— 9 to 3 dclly; 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Sun- i
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and »*•
I credly confidential. Call on or address •■
P. KOSCOK MoSULTY, M. D., '
S6}'3 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. •
JO~ Beware of strangers who try to talk . to you
I about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
! They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors. -
HOTEL IIFIRE,
FIRE PROOF, . '■
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West.
. NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths* . .
10 miv from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River* j
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in'
■ - --■ America. ■ . - . ..-•;■ ;
PafWTifrers crossing the . Jersey, ferries take either j
6th or 9th aye. " LT> to 66th st., or Broadway cable r ,
. cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen- ;
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European 1
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 np. Host- com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel .
In New York. -W. JOHNSON QUIKH, Mgr. •
WM. NOBLR, Propr. ; . ■ ■
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS.
FKOM AND .AFTER JULY 1. 1896, THE
\X Spring. Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its - hydraois. •
; Written applications for wuter are to be ; made •a: .
the water office, which the' Harbor Commissioner* -
. propose to erect on the seawall, between Howard I
and Mission streets. • Ships . lying -in the stream
will be informed at the above office, a: tno time of.,
making such applications, from ' what . hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied: ' Reasonable;
notice must be given in all cases, and applications;
will be filled at the earliest . convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 p. it. daily,' Sundays and
! holidays - excepted, unless specially : contracted
otherwise ■ "**--Li'°^CTErPHii(i nfflV^iHiltoffi
• By order of the Board of Directors. •■ •■
PI£I.HA!I"W. AMES. Secretary.
THE SUCCESS OF THE SEISOS
THE LADIES' GEL ROOM
ijtf THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT, ENTRANCE FROM MARKEI it
: OPUS UNTIL. MIDNIGHT. ; &
si^y^Wit" \] P< FIFTY-DOLLAR
BELTS
B'i^it^^-^M F c>u S- 5 - '«o"BiCLTS
s«l"*i^^rarfi?Pffi|^ ■' "• for ; S2O. and .*3O 'Bel:s
K-?7^* ! W&3i l f<F ior ?15;.»l30sooa bel for -
5 '■^/Y*""'-?'-'^ '* 8- ' atest" i aieat aid alt
{'. <Cii improvements. <S~ Call
-icy? ' or write for new pamphk-;
"- 1 "* No. 2. AMdress 1> 11..I 1 ..
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearuy,
; Mcond, third and iourtij floors, San Francisco.
56
IB** - fiStll
. CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. 5
Dally and Sunday Cai.i., one year, by mall. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai/,,, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation If
to, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICES
■ . 710 Market Street,
■ San Francisco, California.
Telephone ....Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone , .....Main— lB74
BRANCH OFFICES:
580 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open tin til 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. .
2618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park How, New York City, j
DAVID M. rOLTZ. Special Agent.
MONDAY JULY 13. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOB PRESIDEXT-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, or Obio
FOR VICK-PRESIDKXT-
GARRET A. EOBART, or New Jersey
EtKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Every time Democracy is born again, it
is born worse.
Tt.e chief issue of the campaign is to
down Altgeldism and anarchy.
If you have not yet registered you know
exactly what is yonr first duty to-day.
Conservative men must stand together
now. In a crazy Democracy there is dan
ger to all.
The fishing may be jjood at Buzzard's
Bay, but still the fisherman mutters in a
muffled monotone.
It is a sure sign of abnormal excitement
■when men would rather talk politics than
discuss the summer girl.
It was easy for Democracy to get rid of
its Cleveland, but the record stays and
the country remembers it.
This election ought to be settled by the
simple question to American common
sense: McKinley or Bryan— which?
The iast hope of Democracy is in the be
lief that some of the hot stuff in Bryan
may help him to be a scorcher in the
race.
Fortunately the carnival will give us a
change during the campaign and the
monotony of the walk-over will be varied
a little.
The East will please take notice that
this transtuississippi candidate is a much
smaller potato tban we usually raise in
the great West.
There can be no prosperity without pub
lic confidence, and no confidence unless
conservative statesmen are at the head
of the Government.
The issue is the Union against sections
and the people against agitators, with the
Republican party as the champion of the
Nation and tbe law.
The Democratic campaign will haroly
be anything more than a Wild West show,
with an exhibition of an attempt to hold
up the stagecoach of progress.
One of the humors of the next ten days
will be tho attempt of the Democrats to
sprinkle salt on the tail of the Populist
bird and bring him into camp.
With Democracy rapidly disintegrating
nil over the Union the Populist leaders
would have a good deal less sense than
whiskers if they were to join it.
The gold States having bolted the Chi
cago ticket, what votes has Democracy in
the West to offer to Populists in return
for an indorsement at St. Louis?
At this juncture there is but one Na
tional party and, therefore, but one party
for men who desire the welfare of the
whole Nation and all the people.
Every Republican must rally to the
standard of the party and take part in the
battle for the business interests of the
country against free trade, Aitgeldism ana
ruin.
What patriot will vote against the sol
dier candidate, the hero statesman, Wil
liam McKinley, in favor of an Inexperi
enced demagogue, whose nomination was
c'.ue solely to his gift of gab?
Conservative Democrats are joining the
Kepublican party, the extremists will go
over to the Populists, and before the cam
paign is over Mr. Bryan, as well as Cleve
land, may know how it feels to be alone.
There were thousands of people on the
streets during tne Democratic ratification
meetings just as there are every night,
but somehow tney seemed duller, less
spirited nnd more oppressed with the
tired feeling than they generally are.
Recent explorations in Rome are said to
justify a belief that some of the tenement
houses of tbe city in the days of the
Cas?ars were more thau 100 feet high. The
sky-scraper, therefore, is not a new thing
under the sun and Chicago must take a
back seat.
'1 be fact that 162 delegates to the Demo
cratic National Convention refused to
vote on the Presidential nomination is a
true index to the condition of the Demo
cratic party throughout the country. The
elements of disintegration are in active
operation and must result in Democratic
defeat.
As the campaign progresses we shall
hear less and less about silver and more
and more about business, industry, law,
order, good government and all that makes
up the prosperity and greatness of tbe
Xi public. The issue is too plain for con
»c>.;lnipnt. We cannot let Bryan, Altgeld
and Tilman run this country.
THE CITIZEN'S DUTY.
He is not an ideal citizen who believes
his duty to the Government is confined
within the iimits of paying bis taxes and
obeying the laws. There are moral public
duties which no one can evade and still be
a good citizen. The spirit of such a gov
ernment as ours has a code of unwritten
!aws which imposes duties upon the citi
zen that are just as imperative in their
demand for faithful performance as any
legislative enactment is. He is not a good
citizen who is remiss in the performance
of any public duty because to perform it
would inconvenience him. There are
duties of citizenship very much higher
than allegiance to party. The public good
is first to be considered, and the really
good citizen is loyal to his party only in so
far as it is the party's purpose to adminis
ter ihe government in ways tbat shall
strengthen society and commerce.
Of the great and small duties that de
volve upon the citizen tho duty to take an
interest in those things which lead up to
the ballot-box and finally castinc his vote
is probably the most important. The man
who does not take an interest in the public
concern of the community in which he
lives and cast a ballot expressive of his
honest convictions as to what policy is
best says in effect that he cares little
whether there be law and order or an
archy, virtue or vice, honesty or dishon
esty in public life. Under our system of
government the voter is required to regis
ter at stated times for the purpose of estab
lishing bis eligibility, and the citizen who
does not register becomes an alien bo far
as the highest right of citizenship is con
cerned. The man who does not register
puts himself upon a level with the latest
arrival from China, and is in fact not a
whit better citizen in the eyes of the pub
lic good. The highest meaning of indi
vidual sovereignty implies a duty to vote
conscientiously upon all questions in
which the public has interest. To fail to
do that is to be unworthy of sovereignty.
The registration books are now open at
the City Hall and there are a given nnm
ber of dajs in which names maj' be reg
istered, and those who neglect to register
are. by their act, disfranchised. There are
more reasons this year why the good citi
zen should make haste to register than for
some years past. There will be advocated
for adoption the most dangerous theories
of Government that have ever confronted
the people. The once great Democratic
party has fallen under the control of such
men as Altgeld, Bryan and Tiliman and it
has been abandoned by its old leaders and
tbe thinking element of the rank and file.
It will be before the country asking for
votes to set aside all established govern
mental and commercial usages and adopt
in their stead theories that border close
upon the doctrine of tbe anarchist. More
over, the new leaders of that party assert
in their platform that should they secure
the reins of Government they will build
up the central States at the expense of the
Atlantic and pßcific Coast countries by .im
proving the Mississippi River so that they
may have direct communication with the
cheap labor countries of the world on a
free-trade basis of commercial operations.
But this is not all that is threatening the
public good, as every one will see by read
ing the Aitgeld-Tillrnan-Bryan declara
tions. A knowledge of these threatening
dangers should, it would seem, be all
that is needed to convince overy good citi
zen that he owes it to himself, to nis neigh
bor and his country to speedily assume the
public responsibilities of citizenship by at
tending to his registration immediately.
FARMERS BOIES AND BLAND.
The aftermath of the Democracy's Chi
cago field of thistles, briars and Dumble
bees furnishes rich gleaning, especially in
appliances that were used to keep alive
the several Presidential booms. Perhaps
the most amusing of them are pictures of
Boies and Bland as farmers, which their
friends scattered everywhere. Each of
these statesmen had been photographed,
each in his shirtsleeves, with a mow
ing-machine at hand. In (he rush
and excitement of the convention
days the photographs were not so crit
ically looked upon. They were there to
do tbe Cincinnatus act and they played it
very well, but upon closer examination
just how much of a fraud of a farmer each
of these great men is is clearly revealed.
Boi»sis perched upon his mowing machine
and at the first glance he looks tne well-to
do farmer, but upon closer inspection it is
found tnat his hat is about the kind Law
yer Boies wonki wear between his office
and his residence on occasions when he was
desirous of appearing a well-dressed man.
His necktie is adjusted with so much
exactness one is justified in believing that
he spent several minutes before the mirror
before starting for tbe farm. His breeches,
shoes and shirt have not that very un
fashionable cut which is peculiar to the
working clothes of the average farmer.
In fact tbe picture looks as if he might
have come to the mowing machine fresh
from his somewhat luxuriously appointed
law office.
Bland's picture represents the Missouri
farmer as standing at the bead of the
"nigh hoss," as lie would say. He has no
necktie — he never wore one in his life. He
has arranged bis hat— a sure enouirh
farmer hat— far back on his head so as to
show for ail it was worth tbe "massive
brow" about which his admirers had so
much to say before the Nebraska boy with
tbe gift of gab knocked him out, or rather
off his mowing machine.
Bland knew enough to attend to the de
tails of bis dress so as to "look the son of
toil." But it is very evident that no young
girl ever made more careful preparation to
have her photograph taken to send to her
best sweetheart tnan Boies and Bland dii
when they were arranging to play the
"honest farmer" racket upon the dele
gates to the Chicaeo convention.
IN OPEN REBELLION.
The revolt against the platform and
nominees of the Chicago convention has
reached the dimensions of a large-sized
rebellion. All the leading Democratic
newspapers of the East, and very many
of those in the Southern and Middle States,
are either coming out for McKinley or
urging the leaders to call another conven
tion ond put a Simon Pure Democratic
ticket in the field. Leading business men
of tbe Democratic faith stating in
newspaper interviews^hat they shall with
draw from their party and co-operate with
the Republicans so long an tho Bryans
and the Tillmans are in charge of the
Democracy's official machinery.
It is well for tho country that thinking
people do not hesitate to cat loose from
party ties when the public good demands
that they should. If it were otherwise
the country would now be confronted by
a proposition to change the basic princi
ples of the Government which would have
enough supporters as a party measure to
make the stability of the Nation a ques
tion of doubt. No party of standing ever
declared for so many radical and hurtful
changes in the business methods of the
country, and as for sectionalism, the new
Democracy oui-Herods the most radical of
tbe old pro-slavery Herods. The wonder
is that the delegates to the convention
who represented the traditions and princi
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
pies of the party did not walk out of the
hall when they saw how completely tbe
organisation had been captured by Popu
lists, anarchists and communists, but they
are acting like patriots now by denounc
ing the whole business and advising their
friends to abandon the party.
These enormous accessions to the Re-
publican party have an element of danger,
however, which should not be lost sight
of. The feeling that Mr. McKinley will be
elected by an overwhelming majority is
lively to abate enthusiasm and cause a
great many to give up taking an active
part in the campaign, if not to the extent
of staying away from the polls on election
day. In view of what the election of
Brvan would mean, and the necessity for
crushing out all tbat sort of thing right
in the beginning of its purpose ought to
stimulate every lover of the institutions
of his country to greater effort than ever,
the more ?o now that the strongest Demo
cratic newspapers and many of tne great
leaders of the party have publicly allied
themselves with the opponents of Altgeld's
ticket. This revolt against tbe Chicago
platform and nominees should impress
every one tbat there is danger ahead that
should not only be averted, but the con
spirators driven into political obscurity.
Of course, Mr. McKinley wili be elected,
but that is not enough. In electing him
Bryan and his revolutionary isms and
fallacies must be annihilated by an
avalanche of McKinley votes.
SWELLING OF THE HEAD.
The nomination appears to have de
veiopeJ characteristics in Mr. Bryan that
his life-long friends never suspected were
any part of his make-up. According to
reports from his hotel in Chicago the next
day after his nomination he swelled out
witn an appreciation of his high mighti
ness and superexcellence to such an ex
tent that even tbe gentlemen who trav
eled all the way from Nebraska to Chi
caco at their own expense to inflate the
balloon were required to stand in the ball
and, with the formality accorded to princes
and the like, send in their card. Report
has it that not a few went away wearing a
big disgust. It is true, that when the
"friend of the common people" became
so fatigued that he threw himself upon the
bea with his boots and coat on, a few of
his old political wire-pullers and confiden
tial advisers were permitted to peep into
the room and behold greatness in repose.
But snubbing old friends when a few
hours before he was glad to have them
call him "Billy" was not the only silly
thins he did. It was very stupid of him
to respond to the messenger's announce-
ment tbat he had been nominated by dic
tuting a proclamation to the country as
suring the public that he was "opposed to
two terras," and that he should not accept
the nomination four years hence. He made
the mi.stake of thinking the nomination
on an Altgeld platform was tbe equivalent
of the majority vote of the electoral col
lege. But the greatest exposure of :he
man's estimate of his own importance
was when he suggested that tbe largest
hall in New York be hired tor the cere
mony of formally notifying him of his
nomination. Of course he had in his
mind's eye the opportnnity such a place
wouJd afford him to repeat hi 3 one speech,
but think of Cleveland or Harrison, or
Garfieid or Grant resorting to such a spec
tacular exhibition!
It was very kind but a great breach of
propriety in Mr. Bryan when he assured
Mr. bewail that he (Bryan )haa held himself
aloof from using his influence with the
convention in selecting -a candidate for
the tail of the ticket. What meaning
Mr. Bewall gathered from the information
no one but himself knows, but the words
appear to convey the idea that Bryan
wanted to inform his running-mate that
be Bhould refuse to assume any responsi
bility for the convention's work in tbe
premises. But the reaction is coming and
the edges of it have already reached the
more thoughtful. Not v few of them are
wondering how it was that they were
thrown off their feet by the glib tongue ol
a pretty Platte River boy, but it is too
late now. He is their nominee, and all
they can do to repair damages is to follow
him about the country and apologize for
the largeness of his head and littleness of
its conteuts.
A GREAT ORGANIZATION.
Whether it is true or not, as a Christian
Endeavorer puts it. "We are guided by the
hand of Providence," the f&ct remains
tbat the world gives no account of such
growth of a religious organization as the
Christian Endeavorer*. Six'een years ago
it had no existence. To-day it has more
than 40,000 local societies, its total mem
bership is above 3,000,000 and it has got a
foothold in nearly every country in the
world. It is doubtful if the Christian
cburcb made as much substantial progress
ir. a half-dozen generations as this organ
ization has in less than sixteen years. No
doubt its great strength iies in its inde
pendence of the churches — that is, it is
non-sectarian. "For Christ and the
church" is its motto, bat "church" means
a place to worship God. Infidels may
scoff at tbe purpose and efforts of the En
deavorers, but counting religion out of tbe
question, ho sensible person will deny
that this great organization of youn^
people is doing a mighty work in advanc
ing civilization to higher and better levels.
COAST EXCHANGED
The Los Angeles Btcord long ago ceased to
; be a Journalistic experiment, and its pro
! nounced success hti Induced Its manager* to
: acquire larger and better facilities for the
issuance of a daily fully nbreast of the times
in every way. The Record presents the news
■ of the world in a condensed form that relieve
• the reader of the necessity of plodding through
afield of matter for a grain of information.
Tbe Btarch'ight, a paper devoted to tha ad
vancement of the interests of the colored race,
morally, socially, Intellectually and point'
' cally, has been moved from Pasadena to Lo«
Angeles, where a larger field is offered to it*
widening influence.
The Marysville Appeal is thirty-seven years
| old. lv prosperity is the reward of genuine
merit.
The Calaveras Proipect has entered upon its
! sixteenth volume, and It is justly proud of iv
| Important part in fostering a substantial pro
gress without resort to boom methods. It con
liiiently predicts, that within five years the
section of tho mother lode which runs through
Calaveras County will lead the mines of the
world in gold production. In that time it is
expected that ten mines will be operated
where there is only one to-day. The Protpect
is sound in politics, holding to tbe rigat be
lief that the success of the Republican party is
essential to the National welfare.
birthday hi* come around for the
Loefiatos News. It was started In 1881, when
Los Gatos was only a bit of a village, and has
grown up with tho town, always assisting
worthy enterprises and always outspoken
against whatever was deemed detrimental to
th» best interests of its community,
t The Calareras CUlsen has changred hands,
E. D. Beattle retiring and Will A. Dower anJ
Henry liray assuming control. The new firm
Intends to conduct n wide-awake, newsy paper
and to keep constantly be:ore the public the
facts about the resources and Advantages of
falaveras County. Politically the Citizen will
remain where It was before, in the ranks of
i>e mocracT.
George W. Fiicher *nd Fred L. Sandors hare
undertaken the management of the Placer
Herald, whose late editor, Mr. Shepard, has
entered upon his new duties as Postmaster at
Auburn. The Herald will continue in its "al
legiance to the old Democratic party."
Whether this means the gold win* or the
silver wing, the Hill faction or the Bryan fac
tion, is not explained. Nevertheless the Her
ald is to be commended In its aim to be juat
and fair to eveybody and to present the people
with a paper both readable and reliable.
The Pacific Rural Press has opened its fifty
second volume. It is one of the best farm and
fireside publications in the country and the
rural folk, it is pleasing to know, prove their
appreciation by a substantial support.
That aggressive temperance reform paper,
the Los Angeles Voice, ,is in its eleventh year,
anrt its managers state that no pain* will be
spared to make the paper better than ever be
fore.
The South Riverside Bee has become the
Corona Courier. The Bee, however, by any
other name ought to be a hon\ey-producer.
When a newspaper enlarges three times
within the first six months of its existence it
1 1 pretty certain that the paper is making a
winninr race. That is what the San Bernar
dino Free Prut has done in entering upon its
second volume.
The Port Oregon Tribune, publiihed at War
renton, Or., by Dallinger it Mason, has Jnst
made its initial appearance. It will boom
Warrenton, a new and promising village, and
throw its youthful vigor into the good fight for
McKinley and Hoßurt.
The Rose Carnival edition of the Tacoma
Morning Union waa a very handsome affair.
Every page of the paper was broidered with
roses, and the matter and illustrations made
up a first-rate advertisement lor the City of
Destiny.
It really looka as if the San Joaquin Valley
had "struck oil" In the real old sense of the
term. The prospect now is that there will be
an oil field all the way from the Merced
County line down to the line of King's County.
The Fresno ExpotUor thus furnishes the latest
information concerning oil discoveries down
the country: "The latest discovery indicates
the presence of oil-bearing strata at an easily
penetrable depth In the vicinity of Silver
Creek, not far from the eastern foot of the Pa
noche Pass. Judge Langford of Panoche stated
that indications of oil were quite abundant
twelve miles south of Panoche and nearly out
on the plains. A company has been formed
to develop the scheme, and the four wells ex
perimentally dug have yielded evidences of
oil in abundance and of high standard. The
company, which has not yet incorporated, is
composed mainly of San Francisco capitalists,
who have been keeping things quiet as long as
possible.
"Inasmuch as the beds of tertiary strata in
the foothills near Panoche are almost identi
cal with those around Coalinea, there is noth
ing unreasonable in the supposition that the
oil-bearing strata are continuous over the in
terval between Coallnga and Panoche; In
othor words, that The western foothills of the
county may lead to sudden and startling de
velopment of capital and wealth. There are
already oil fields In working on the coast side
of tne Panoche Pass and in the vicinity of
Holllster."
Rummerland, Santa Barbara County, yearns
to be incorporated and the Advance of that
thriving place is doing its level best to bring
about the consummation. Summerland has
an excellent start. The Advance «ay«: "Dur
ing the progress of the canvass a fact came to
lif?ht that many new-comers may not be aware
Of. VS.! The two magnificent park sites that
are laid out on the town plat are not yet pub
lic property, but are held in trust for the city
by three trustees.
'These parks both lie in the oil belt and
since the development of that industry have
Increased in value many fold. These lots, tak
ing them at their present value as oil property,
will aggregate s33oo to $4000.
'•At ou« time the price of real estate was ad
vanced $5 per lot. Mr. Williams stipulating
that half this sum should be held in trust for
thr town until such timo as it was ready to in
corporate. This will make a total of about
$1~00 from this one source alone, to say noth
ing of the value of the park lands.
'Some time ago the water-works were turned
over for the benefit of the community. This
also will be a free gift to the city, including
water right, pumping plant and a complete
system of water mains and connections
already laid. Its original cost was 910,000.
"All in all. the city will start in with an ag
gregate of about $15,000 in public property
and hard coin."
It is owing largely to the splendid work of
the newspapers of Santa Clara Valley that
tne garden «pot of California, as it is called, is
is known far and wide and beyond the
seas for Its wonderful vegetable wealth anfl
productiveness; and first among the papers to
which Santa Clara Valley owes so much is tne
San Jose Mercury, which has done, more, per
haps, than any other agency or influence to
attract a class of settlers with brains, capital,
energy and progressive spirit to that delight
ful region. That the sterling efforts of the
Mtrcury through a quarter of a century have
net with gratifying reward U shown in the
fact that the publication stands to-day in the
front rank of interior journals, and is one of
the most progressive newspapers in California.
The Mercury ha 3 Just entered lv fiftieth vol
ume. It is up to daw in everything; an ably
edited, strong, newy paper, as widely known
and as favorably regarded as the rosy valley
to the resources and advantages of which it is
constantly and tirelessly directing the atten
tion of peoples of lands not so blest by
nature.
A FEW WANTS.
Wanted: A kneepan smooth and hard,
Unseamed and a perfect fit;
Prepared torn stuff uncommonly touch,
2 nat Is vvaranted not 10 split.
Wanted: a brand ntw set of ribs,
Not mode for vain display ; . - :
Not twisted, torn, or warped and worn. ' ■
Bat curved in the proper way.
Wanted: A pair of perfect ears—
•'No fluted edges for me: - :;*■*.<?
An ear not ground, but round and sound,
As a real gooa ear should be.
Wanted: A face. lam not vain.
■ And a good plain face will do. -
That is no. a »uhi- * all the color white—
or I'm tired of black and blue.
A man that's new I'll be once more
When these parts have been supplied;
And maybe, then, I will mount again : "
That wheel and learn to ride.— Life. ' '
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Miss Shunalry— Are you fond of children?
Mi«« Convert— Never ate any.— New York
Hcrtld.
< lerk— Why not take a set of Dickens?
Mrs. Parvenoo (making up » library)— l don't
Want anything so common as Dickens. Why,
all lorti of D«ople have his books.— Puck.
"Ia there much Doetry sent in to the editor?"
the caller asked of the office-boy.
"Poety?" replied that intelligent young man.
"The editor has poetry to burn."— PUtsburg
Chronieio- Telegraph.
"Now, Johnny, do you understand thor
oughly why I am going to whip you."
"Yes'm. You're in a bad humor this morn
in', and you've got to lick some one before
you'll feel satisfied."— St. Louis fcoit-Dispatch.
"H'm," said Mr. Wlckwire. "that dress re
minds me of the half-witted girl that waits on
me at the restaurant"
"Indeed!"
"Yep. It Is simple, but fetching. "—Jackson
Headlight.
t>ull— Say, what does E Pluribus I'num mean
on tbis money?
fimnrt— Oh, it means, "In this sign we con
quer."
Wise— lt does nothing of the kind. It meant,
"With this muff we conquer."
"You didn't stay long at that hotel which
advertised a flno trout stream In the vicinity ?"
"No ; the hotel man explained that it wu a
fine trout stream, but he couldn't help it if the
trout hadn't sense enough to find it out. "—
Chicago Record.
Weary Willie— W'y do you fink ol* Haggles
ain't one of us?
Flowery Fields— 'Cause he always tells cc
truth.
Weary Willie— Oh, shucksl Dats nott'n
"►gainst him; he tells de truth 'cause he's too
lazy to t'ink up lies— Cat's all.- Judge.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"It's no country for a decent man to live in,
and a poor man has no business going there,
but I think we have a good thing down in So
nora," said Bolton Rogers yesterday as he re
clined among a lot of sofa pillows on a luxuri
ous divan in his apartments at the Baldwin.
His coat was off, and the leisurely manner in
which he puffed at a fragrant Havana empha
sized the impression that he sincerely believes
his recently acquired mining property in Mex
ico is a good thing.
Mr. Rogers was born in San Francisco, but
for the last twenty years has lived la Seattle,
where he has served in every department of
the city police force. Several years ago he was
chief of the detective bureau, and in 1891 he
became Chief of Police, a position from which
he has only recently retired, but not from old
age, for he is apparently little more than
thirty years old.
"This property of ours," resumed Mr. Rogers,
"is about seventy miles below the interna
tional line. It is a placer region, and we have
water enough In sight— only a little stream,
bat it's a river in that region, for it runs all
the year round. Them's no hoodoo there. Men
that know nothing about mining haven't
swarmed into the place, expecting to shovel
up pay dirt most anywhere.
"We're satisfied. So far we've just been tap
ping here and there in the gravel to see what
we have. Consequently thing 3 are iv a posi
tion where ihere isn't much definite informa
tion. Mr partner is an old miner; lived in
Tombstone twenty years.
"There's a hoodoo at that place. It's this
way: You and I ami some other, fellow own
three big mines that are full of water. You
won't pump out, because that will drain the
other two mines, and I won't pump because it
will save you that much. So we Bit and none
of us will do anything."
"The outlook for raisins ia bright and much
better than it was a year ago," said Lee L.
Gray yesterday at the Occidental. Mr. Gray is
extensively interested- In the raisin industry
ai Fresno, but has come to town on business
connected with the equipment of the Fruit
growers' Warehouse Company, which he has
recently organized.
"The idea," he explained, "is to have a large
warehouse where the producers can store their
fruit, borrow money on it at 8 per cent and
wait for a decent price. The fundamental
principle is to stop consignment. Before, the
producer had to ship his crt>p at once and get
what it would bring when the consignment
reached the Easteru markets. Now this ware
house can hold the raisins and dried fruits
until the producers can get a living price for
them. The scheme han spread like wildfire
and the growers are taking hold of the iaea.
"The raisin crop is fully 40 per cent short
this year, but the outlook for prices is good.
Then that new winery that is going up near
Fresno will also shorten the raisin crop. It
will take a large part of the second crop of
muscats. That will all tend to raise prices. Bo
if the jobbers East have the 'dough' we will
get it."
PERSONAL.
John Lowe of London, Eng., is at the Palace.
John Knox, a mercnaat of Colton, is at the
Russ.
F. Koenlgs of Dublin, Ireland, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
A. P. Overton, the Santa Rosa banker, is
staying at the Russ.
Superior Judge Justin Jacobs, of Hanford Is a
guest at the Ramona.
Among the California guests Is L. W. Burris,
the Santa Rosa banker,
W. A. Scamou, a merchant of Santa Maria, is
a late arrival at the Grand.
David M. Adams, an attorney at Visalis, is at
the Ramona for a few days.
Tom C. Gorric, a mining man of Sonora,
is at the Lick on a short visit.
11. J. Ostrander, n well-known resident of
Merced, is staying nt the Lick.
W. Richardson, a lumDer merchant of
Truckee. is a guest at the Russ. *
P. L. Hoadley of Newark, N. J., arxivod at
the Palace last night, from the East.
Dr. John V. Goff, ft physician of Benson, Ariz.,
is making a short visit at the Grand.
B. #, Summerman, a merchant of Uklah, is
registered at the Russ with his wife.
Sheriff J. M. Brown of Humboldt County is
at the Russ, registered from Eureka.
Rev. J. F. Fitschen of New Y T ork City is
among those registered at the Palace.
Dr. H. H. Hayes, a physician of Boston, is
among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Robert J. Devlin, the Sacramento attorney
and ex-Prison Director, is at the Grand.
Levi Rickliffe, a business man, of Sacra
mento, Is among the guests at the Grand.
W. I). Bannister, a quarryman of Columbia,
Tuolumne County, is a guest at the Lick.
J. V. Ellis, a clerk at San Quentin Prison, is
at the Grand, registered from San Rafael.
L. C. Coburg ami bride of San Jose arrived at
the Grand yesterday, on their wedding trip.
AlUrecbt Langner of Tebauntet>ec, Mcx., is
one of the recent arrivals at the Occidental.
Dr. Russell Phillips of London, England, ar
rived by the Doric and went to tho Occidental.
J. Q. Manning, a hardware merchant of Los
Angeles, is making a short visit at the Grand.
G. H. Martin, a cattleman of Woodland, is
making the Russ his headquarters for a few
days.
S. Y. Bollingcr, ex-Deputy Sheriff of Santa
Clara County, is registered at the Grand from
San Jose.
George F. Buck, one of Stockton's promis
ing young attorneys, is at the Lick on a busi
ness trip.
Mrs. E. B. Willis, wite of the editor of
the Sacramento Record-Union, is a-t the Russ
with her son.
John h. Parish, a mining engineer of Denver,
Colo., arrived here yesterday and is registered
at the Palace.
R. Godfrey Broderick, surgeon of the tJ. a
navy, on duty aboard the Oregon, is registered
at the California.
Colonel Park Hcnshaw of the N. G. C.the
Chico banker, is regtatered with the late ar
rivals at the Occidental.
H. Puiida of Yokohama, Secretary of Agri
culture of Japan, arrived here yesterday on
the Doric from the Orient.
Lee L. Gray, who is interested in the raisin
industry at Fresno, registered at the Occiden
tal yesterday with his wife.
Mrs. T. Y. Thricm and family of Honolulu are
■pending a couple of months la California, and
at present are at the Ramona.
George H. Evans, who is interested in the
Feather River mine, in registered at the
Palnce from Oroville. He is accompanied by
his wife.
a\V. de Witt of Washington, D. C United
States Commissioner of Indian Depredation
Claims, has returned to the Baldwin after col
lecting testimony on claims at Eureka.
Assemblyman R. D. Thomas of Nevada City
and one ol the members of the Debris Com
mission that went on to Washington during
tho last Congress, is among the guests at the
Lick.
K. Itoof Hakodate, K. Kondo of Toklo, H.
Kabayoshi of Yokohama, B. Murgno and J.
Sugite of Fulrika constituted a party of J&pl
anese that arrived yesterday on the Doric, and
went to the Occidental.
F. H. Gould of Stockton, the morning star ol
the revised Junta faction of tha California
Democracy, and tho chairman of the recent
State Democratic convention at Sacramento,
arrived last night at the California.
L. Tnaum of Munich, Germany, was one of
the passengfrs from the Orient yesterday.
He is at the Occidental In comi any "with T. L.
Albrccht of Bremen and Otto Eckmann of
Hamburg, who were fellow-passengers on tbe
Doric.
N. Muerta , the new Japanese Consul-General
to the City of Mexico, arrived yesterday from
Japan with his wife and two children. He was
met at the pier by the Japanese Consul-Qen
eralof this City, who, with other attaches of
the local office, escorted him to the Palace.
Mr. Muerta will soon resume his journey to his
new post in the Mexican Capital.
Among the Doric's passengers yesterday
that registered at the Occidental were Miss A.
Gardam and Miss £. Gardam, two young Eng
lishwomen of Hull, Yorkshire, who are mak
ing a pleasure tour of the world. They have
been away from home for fifteen months and
have been through the Sues canal, have
visited Australia, New Zealand, the Sa
, moan, Fiji and other South sea is
lands, China, Japan and Hawaiian islands.
They have seen aU the sights, but have met
with no Inconvenience in traveling. After
spending about two weeks in the City the
Misses Gardam purpose to see Del Monte and
the Yosemite before continuing their journey
eastward.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Twenty-six Kansas women have banded to
gether to write a novel.
Miss Mabel Beardsley, the sister of Aubrey
BeardBley, has recently become au actress.
President Kruger's library is said to contein
now, besides the Bible and the "Pilgrim's
Progress," a complete Bet ol Mark Twain'a
works.
Miss Edith Collins is the girl of the hour.
She is a $7,000,000 heiress, and weighs less
by $2,816,000 than her whole fortune in
$100 bills.
Hansen, the Norwegian Eki runner, is going
to the New Siberian Islands to inspect the
depots of provisions left there for ftanseu and
to search for traces of the expedition.
Dr. Samuel Fillmoru Bennett, the author of
"The Sweet By-and-By," is a country doctor in
Richmond, Wis., a little town of about 800 in
habitants. He served through the war as
Lieutenant Bennett of the Fortieth Wisconsin
Volunteers.
It*. Michael Revon, professor of law of the
Imperial University, and counselor to the
Minister of Justice of Tokio, Japan, is in Wash
ington. M. Revon is a litterateur as well as a
lawyer and diplomat, and one of the proprie
tors of the independence Beige.
Mrs. William Astor has an entire service of
purest gold, consisting of thirty pieces. They
are unornamented except for the coat-oi-arms
and initials that appear on each. Mrs. John
Jacob Astor has also a set of gold dinner
dishes, but it is not so complete.
Mr. Blackmore, tbe English novelist, has
Just celebrated his seventy-first birthday.
George Macdonald is his senior, being seventy
two. Mr. Meredith and Mrs. Oliphant are each
68. Miss Braddon ia 59, Sir Walter Besant
58, Ouida 56 and William Black 55.
Albert Grant, once a millionaire promoter,
having "promoted" several times too often, is
now declared a bankrupt, and a receiver has
been appointed for his assets. Grant had the
high compliment of being satirized in the Gil
bert and Sullivan comic opera, "Utopia."
Prince Joachim Murat, having held the post
of brigadier-general in the French army for
twenty-six years without receiving any com
mand, will now be put on the retired list. He
entered the ranks at the age of 17, and is the
only general who gained the military medal as
a private.
Every one knows that the left arm of the
German Emperor ia shrunken and practically
useless. He has recently had it photographed
by the Roentgen rays. The result revealed the
nature of the malformation, and the surgeons
hope to give, by a simple operation, partial if
not complete use of the limb.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
To EPreka— J. M., Oakland, Cal. A person
may go from Benicia to Eureka by wagon by
driviug along the county roads of Solano, So
noma, Mendocino and Humboldt counties.
Nitbatx of Silver— a 8., Tulare, Cal. The
antidote for poisoning by nitrate of silver ia
large doses of ordinary kitchen salt dissolved
in water, after which one teaspoonful of mus
tard flour in warm water.
The National Debt— P. P. P., Ontario, Cal.
The War of the Rebellion closed in April, 1865.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows that on the Ist o: July following the
National debt was $2,680,647,869 74.
Marine Engineer— c. b. a, City. A person
who wishes to become a marine engineer should
file an application with one of the steamship
companies, and wait till there is a vacancy.
The applicant would probably have to start as
an oiler.
The General Lyon— 3., City. The steam
transport General Lyon, bound from Willming
ton for Fortress Monroe, with about 600 passe
ngers on board, caught fire off Cape Hatteras
March 31, 1865. All but about fifty of the
passengers were lost.
Indian Schools— M. S., City. To be a teacher
in the Indian schools the applicant for a posi
tion must have the same knowledge that is re
?[uired for teachers in the public schools. For
Urther information on this subject write to
the Commissioner of Education, Washington
Words That Are Used— E. G. S., Livermore,
Cal. Slantindicilar ia a factitious vulgarism
for aslant, awry, oDlique, the author of which
is unknown. "Rushing tne growler" is an
Americanism for sending to a saloon for beer
iv a pitcher or tin can, and is considered
rather low. It originated in the slums of New
York. The autnor of the phrase, "To have
wheels in his head," has not made himself
known to those who make it a business to col
lect odd phrases and words. "Ja" and "nicht"
are German words, the former meaning "yes"
and latter "nothing."
To Preserve Mops— M. G. R..City. A lady
who has preserved gea moss Bays that the moss
specimens should be placed carefully, singly,
in a basin of water and allowed to spread.
The spreading mny be assisted with a long pin,
eire being taken not to touch the SDecimen
with the hand. When it is well extended and
eVery part well developed slip a piece of paper
under the specimen and lift it out of the wa
ter, after which transfer it to the sheet of pa
per or cardboard on which it is to be allowed
to dry. If in the transfer any of the edges are
turned under bring them out with the aid of a
pin— a lady's hatpin is good for the purpose.
The specimen should be allowed to dry slowly,
so that it will not curl.
GIRL'S DRESS WITH BOX-PLEATED
BLOUSE WAIST.
A charming dress for little girls is here
shown. The waist is supplied with a lining to
hold the blouse in place; the skirt is simply
gathered to the waist, making it a sensible and
comfortable dress.
A plain sephyr gtntthamof pink is effect
ively trimmed by bows of black velvet as illus-
trated, with narrow velvet ribbon run through
white embroidery at neck, wrists and yoke.
A blue dimity is daintily trimmed with Dreg
den ribbon t.
Chaliies develop well after this model and
are pretty when piece lace is used as trimming,
making the yoke and lower sleeves of It.
\\ nite lawn is exquisite if mad* with a yoke
of tiny tucks, trimmed with tha narrowest
Valenciennes lace of a yellowish color. The
box-pleats should also be edged with the lace.
Dresden ribbon? complete the trimmings.
The pattern is also suitable for making
wooien dresses. A light-weightorepon of blue
ia a rather light gimde is pretty with creamy
lace yoke and lower sleeves.
Mottled and mixed cheviots and tweeds are
relieved by collar, belt and shoulder bows of
bright ribbon.
CYCLING IN THE PARK,
Proposed Ordinance to Make
Wheelmen Use the Cycle
Paths.
The League of American Wheemen
Will Oppose It if It Is Made
Compulsory.
In the news about Golden Gate Park in
last Monday's Call an item appeared
stating that the Commissioners were push
ing the work upon the new cycle path and
that when completed the wheelmen would
be "required" to ride upon it. A great
many riders use the paths already con
sructed in preference to the main drives,
but from the fact that considerable scorch
ing is done on tbe paths, ladies, beginners
and the more careful gentlemen riders
have taken to the drives for the sake
of safety and comfort. It is evident
that the Park Commissioners intend
that when the cycle path is completed
the wheelmen shall use it, and not ride
upon the drives, and yet the natural in
justice of such a rule will appeal to every
one.
Frank H. Kerrigan, chief consul of the
League of American Wheelmen in Califor
nia, in response to an inquiry has for
warded the following communication to
The Call upon the subject:
The law of the bicycle and its rights on tho
road have been stated so often that it would
seem that every one should be familiar with
It, even the Commissioners of Golden Gate
Park. San Francisco. In stating it again I
take the risk of being tiresome.
Tne bicycle is defined by different lexioog
raphers to be a carriage; the same definition
has been laid down time and again by the
courts of this country and of England. The
courts have said that the bicycle is entitled to
the use of the street, the ssme as any other
vehicle; and it is entitled to equal rights with
other carriages to the use of the streets with
out discriminating restrictions. Likely the
strongest exposition of the law was laid down
in New York when it was proposed by the
Brooklyn Bridge Commissioners to exclude the
use of bicycles on the great bridge.
It was deemed necessary that such a rule
should be passed in view of the fact that there
was an immense amount of traffic and travel
passing over the briuge daily, and also in view
of the fact that the driveway* are only 16 feet
wide. The proposed ordinance by the Com
missioners was submitted to a committee of
some of the soundest lawyers in the city of
New York, and that commitioe unanimously
agreed that such a rule would be illegal ana
no restriction was ever placed upon the bicycle
as to the use of it upon that bridge, and devel
opments can be shown since that ii would have
been unwarranted to have enacted the pro
posed ordinance.
It is high time that the old prejudices against
the bicycle should subside, and in most en
lightened communities the wheelmen are glad
to say it is a thing nf the past. The bicycle Is a
new invention, and as such has built up a new
industry, created a new market for raw and
manufactured material and has led to the in
vention of many ingenious mechanical de
vices in connection with it.
Bicycles carry men to and from their places
of business; they are used for messenger ser
vice and other services; they are invaluable
for combining exercise and recreation, and
should be treated with consideration.
In 1891 or 1893 the Legislature of this State
attempted to vest the Golden Gate Park Com
missiouers with a power to enact ordinances.
That act by the Legislature is undoubtedly an
unconstitutional delegation of power, and
any ordinance passed by the Golden Gate Paris
Commissioners would be void and of no effect.
The ouly body in the City and County that
has power to pass an ordinance worthy of con«
sideration by wheelmen is the Board of Super
visors, and, as I have stated, not even that
body has power to exclude the nse of the
wheel on any of the highways. Any attempted
legislation discriminating" against the rights
ot the wheelmen will be met by as strong and
persistent a resistance as this division of the
Leugue of American Wheelmen can command,
and since justice must prevail it is safe to say
that the wheelmen will not be denied the
same use of roads and highways as is accorded
other vehicles. Yours, sincerely,
Frank H. Kerrigan.
Chief Consul North California Division
League of American Wheelmen.
The matter now stands about like ihist
When the cycle path is completed the
chances are that nearly all tbe wheelmen
will use it. But if there should happen to
be a few who do not care to they should
not be deuied the right to ride where they
please upon the highways, and the League
of American Wheelmen will oppose any
legislation to that end.
Mrs. Twynn— They say Mrs. Van Huffer, the
new society leader, Is right in the swim.
Mr. Twynn— H'm; she dresses for it.— Vanity.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Special information dnily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
— • — • — ■
Are lon Going East?
The Atlantic and .Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
rout*— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
oars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1631.
• — ♦— •
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. Rates cut way down. Every
thing first class: meals In dining-cars. The finest
sight in the world Is tbe hot water geysers, found
noplace bnt in the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 Markec
street, San Francisco.
"Mm. TYiiislow's Soothing Syrtip"
Has been used over 00 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect sa>
cess. I It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay i
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the : Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arista;
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and as;
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25a a boctia.
» — «■ — •
CobonaDO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, «ofl
•nd mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: the Hotel ii!
Coronado, $00; longer stay f1 60 per Jay. Apply
• £tew Montgomery st., SanJfraiciso*" -f: r -
. " Wouldn't be without it for worlds!" was the
emphatic declaration of a lady in reference to
Ay eft Hair Vigor. »
He— Shall we be able to economize?
She— l think sq. At any rate, I passed two
bargain sales to-day without stopping.— Detroit
Tribune.
WEW TO-DAT.
HHbig cut
TBIG CUT
f&liii null JulS
45c PER DOZ. PINTS J
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS ;
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES V
z{ r»nicEs • ,
Crotkery, Chinawarc and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted.
Sreat Americanlmportinci Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES"
1344 j|2?«*et St. M 6 Ninth st. "
ajioMiM,on * U 318 Third «
140 Sixth st. 2008 Filimore at.
617 kearny st. 065 Market st. •
49 J i* 1 * st. . & Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery «v«. 104 Second at
333 Hayes st ... 59 Mission %t.
/ S». Market -St. (Headquarters), S. P
1053 Washington st. : - 616 E. Twelfth St " '
Hi baa Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Aiemeda.MONDAY JULY 13, 1898
AMUSEMENTS. /
rxxiroßN-TA THKATER.-'-Carmen." /
Columbia THEATEK-"The Charity Bali
Norosco's iorK»A-lious«-"&i<!e Tracktd.* 1
Tiyoi.i OrFKA-Ilousir..— "Rlgoletti." /
Orphecm— -Class Vaudeville. /
Butro Baths- Bathing and performances.
shoot the Chutes— Dally at Height street,
one block east of the Park. /
AUCTION SALHS. /_ p
By J. C. Mi i hkr— This day. July IS. Dryftoodt,
at corner lost and Baker streets, at 11 clock.
By Gko. K. I.AMsoN-This day (Monday),
Furniture, at Scott St., near Hayes, at 2 o'clock.
By S. BASCH-Thls day (Monday), Furuiture,
at 319 Suttcr street, at 10 :30 o'clock.
By BHAiNWAtt). nvcKßK* & Co.-Thurtday,
July 23. Real Estate, at salesroom, 218-220
Mont -street. / ( ..
By William J.-PiJJOEE-Saturday. July 18,
Oakland Real Estate, at salesrooms, 460 and 462
Eight street, Oakland, at 2 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Three more blrtht in the Zoo at the park.
SkybaU won the oursing stake at Ingleside
yesterday.
Two now Republican clubs were organized
on Saturday night.
Fair Monday; warmer; fresh westerly winds.
—Local Forecast Oflcial McAdie.
The Oriental and Occidental steamship Doric
arrived from Chinaand Japan yesterday.
Rev. J. S. Jones, <'. P., has recently been ap
pointed first assisttnt at St. Dominies Church.
The League of tin Cross returned from its
week's camp in ioaouia county yesterday
evening.
Two kanakas swim in the surf near the Cliff
House yesterday aid attracted a great deal of
attention. . i| ■ .
The Acme Glut of Oakland won the big
twenty-mile men's race at San Leandro
yesterday.
Rev. Dr. W. R. G>odvrin lectured on "Capital
and Labor" at hisrhurch on California street
last night.
When Mayor Suro visited the baths yester
day he was cheend by all the people in the
vast building. jj'
Elder Henry Tanner of the Mormon misgon
spoke last eveniig on the "Rise and (Destiny
ot Christianity.".
The tunnel ot the scenic railway at the
Haight-street grounds is to be moved to the
east end of the tack.
Captain Lees * in receipt of many congratu
tions upon theconviction of BecKer and Cre
gan, the notorirus forgers.
O. C. Clark, sn ex-convict with a long crim
inal record, w* booked at the City Prison yes*
terday on the 'barge of forgery.
The cup criciet matches yesterday resulted
in victories fo' the Bohemians and Alamedas
over the Pacitcs and Californias.
The memory of Mrs. Harriet Beeoher Stowe
•was duly observed by the colored people at
the Zion Chirch yesterday afternoon.
"An Illust-ious Beginning of a Great Cam
paign" was the subject of Rev. Dr. Williams'
discourse at Plymouth Church last night.
J. Harlow, the ex-coast champion, defeated
R. La-.:ihar at the San Francisco handball
court yesterday afternoon for a purse of $50.
A. Lonshtn, a girl 5 years of age, fell ouf of
r two-story window at 20 Welsh street yesier
day afternoon, and escaped without serious in
jury. ': 1 .
Willie Boyle, 12 years of age. was so
drunk on Fourth (street yesterday afternoon
that he had to be uken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
In the 20-mile / cyclers' road race at San
Leandro yesterday Charles A. Kraft of the Bay
City Whcelmea "rode the course in record
breaking time. •
The League if American Wheelmen will op
pose the proposed Park ordinance requiring
cyclists to use' the cycle paths if it is to be
made compulsiry. .
Dr. C. A. Cliiton of the Board of Education
makes some >cry important suggestions for
the prevention of contagious diseases in our
public school;, etc 
T. B. Moron, president of the Afro-Ameri
can League, in a letter to the Los. Angeles
Searchlightradvise* all his people to vote for
McKAuley tt& protection. • - - • >■■ -■•-- v '
The sportibf Contra Costa and San Francisco
Counties raid an old-time main .in Maria
County -yesterday, the former's game cocks
winning trust of the battles.
Polieeinm Galloway found two trunks and a
bundle of bedding in an empty hoUte at 142
Howard Breot yesterday afternoon and had
them takei to the City Prison.
It has teen discovered that the anti-mar- !
riage rulelately adopted by the Board of Edu
cation is as inconsistent as it is illegal, and
that it wil be practically inoperative.
The qmrtcrmaster-general at Washington,
D. C. hat wired acceptance of M. McGowan's
bid of 9*4,700 for constructing two double
brick bnrack buildings at the Presidio.
Captaiu W. E. Dougherty, U. 8. A., Indian
agent of tie Hanpa Valley agency, is ready to
give the Indians an opportunity to govern
ihemselvts under the lawn of California.
Pror>ert;-owners and residents on Fourth
street wll' organize an improvement club to
night. Tie object is to have the City place a
respectabe pavement on that thoroughfare.
D. Walter,' a commercial drummer of this
City, reported to the police that he was robbed
on ttie Stockton steamer Dauntless yesterday
morning ci $139 by a man and woman he had
been drinking with.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballon nvjd Mrs. Elizabeth
Eloper are highly elated with their success in
collecting the works of California* lady
writers for exhibition at the Tennessee Cen
tennial and International Exposition.
A mass-meeting of the garment-workers of
San Francisco wat held at 927 Mission street
yesterday for the purpose of perfecting an or
ganization with a view of increasing the
wages and lessen ng the hours of work.
Leading Populsts declare that their party
cannot accept trie Democratic silver propo
sition. ' They w(uld rather go down to honor
able defeat thai to unite on such a measure,,
which they hold could not help the country.
Only twenty-lhree days remain in which to
register at the City Hall. Registrar Hinton
declares that uiless people record their names
at once, fully 20,000 voters will be disfran
chised tliougl inability to accommodate
them.
At Presidio Athletic Park yesterday the ball
game between' the Imperials and the Peel tics
was won by ihe former by a score of 14 to 5.
The Call forn is league game resulted in a vic
tory for the Shi Franciscos, who beat the Ban
Joses 19 to 0. :
Rev. Ray Pilmer addressed the Good Citizen
ship meeiitif. yesterday afternoon. Ills sub'
ject was, "Ovr Flag Shall Wave .Forever," and
the "ddress van a patriotic review of the prin
ci- s for which Old Glory stands, and an ad
monition to all true Americans to respect
those principles.
■ - _
A New Democratic Club.
The Bryan Club of the Twenty-ninth Dli
trict met lastnight and organized, electing the
fallowing officers: President, Dr. Beel; vice
president, Elmer T. Tennant; secretary, James
F. Welsh; corresponding secretary, M. J.
Kirwan; «ergeant-at-arnis, John Kelly. Execu
tive committee— William Collins, John Phe
lan, John Saftin. A speech was made by Cap
tain Jennipgs, songs by William Collins and
Jonn Ficli' and an addretw given by James
Wcisu on the silver question. The meeting
adjourned with three enreers for Bryan, Bew
ali and the Democr.itic party.
NEW TO-DAT-
The Secret of a Beautiful Skin
Soft, Whl'« hands, shapely nails, and luxuriant
hair, with clean wholesome »c»lp, Is found in the
perfect action of the Ponzs, produced by CUTI-
CUKA SOAP, the most effective skin purifier,
and beamifier In the world. , : . ..,;.. -
Sold throathcrat the world. Porrm Dr.ca avj> Cnnc-
ICJII CosiocAXtoa, Sole Proprietor!, Eoiton. _
■ .— ~ .. — * •- ' '- — 7 — " . '
THEY SOWED A
REAL WHIRLWIND.
School-Teachers May Not
Lose Their Right to
Marry.
AN INCONSISTENT RULE
The Single Ladi ,s Must Go Out,
but if Married May
Come Back,
UNJUST DISCBIMINATIONS.
Directors E* ger to Make Vacancies and
Adopt an Unconstitutional
Rule.
In the adoption of the rule requiring
lady teachers to resign from the depart
ment when they marry, the Board of Edu
cation has sown the seeds of a moral and
political whirlwind in the public schools.
A new aud striking feature about this
rule is, that while it requires the maidens
to resign it does not prohibit their imme
diate re-employment as teachers upon the
expiration of their honeymoon. It Is, ac
cordingly, as paradoxical as it is funny.
Teachers are also wondering why Director
Comte, who is an attorney, voted for tbe
enactment of a rule which he bad already
advised his associates was unconstitu
tional. Its operation during the time it
remained in force is likely to be productive
of numerous entangling situations, which
will be watched with lively interest by all
concerned.
Miss Jeannette Harper, a teacher in the
Mission Grammar Scnool, was united in
wedlock on the very evenine of the adop
tion of the objectionable Jaw. Since fehe
is now the wife of a son of Judge Wallace
it is expected that her resignation will be
voluntarily submitted at the next session
of the Board of Education. The opinion
has been freely expressed, however,. that
the resignation would be entirely at her
option, and could not be consistently de
manded under tbe rule by the school
sages.
"Within the past year," said Dr. C. A. Clin
ton, who is chairman of the qualifications
committee, "the rule relative to the mar
riaee of Our lady teachers has been
changed half a dozen times. lam fully
satisfied that the anti-marriage rule, whicii
has recently been re-enacted, is unconsti
tutional. I did not favor it, yet there is
something to be said for it as well as
against it.
"The theory is that the department is
justly entitled to the entire time of its
teachers, yet when a lady married her
horn* and family duties must necessarily
divert a share uf her time and attention
from the school and the children under
her tuition. Tbe true reason, though, for
its adoption is, I think, to rcalce vacancies
in the department to be .tilled by the
directors.
"Undoubtedly it is a discrimination be
tween the sexes as well as being hostile to
marriage, and cannot, in consequence, bs
upheld upon any moral or legal ground.
Still, while it may result in reducing the
number of roarnagea in the department,
it Is practically inoperative, because a lady
who resigns can, it she has sufficient influ
ence, re-enter the department aa a teacher
after taking a husband, for there is no law
prohibiting the employment of married
ladies. The inconsistency of it is ludic
rous, isn't it?
"There are now in the department many
most excellent teachers, married and
single. The moral power a teacher pos
sesses over her pupils would naturally be
increased by marriage. It is doubtful, of
course, if a young lady teacher would feel
inclined to take an appeal to the courts
when she married. If her husband should
be wealthy or very well-to-do she would de
sire to resign and let him support her; but,
on the contrary, there are oases where tne
man commands only a small income, and
marriage would be impracticable unless the
wife's earnings could be joined with his.
The more experienced teachers we have
tne better it is for the schools. Young
girls frequently calculate upon teaching
for a year or two to maintain themselves,
and then just as soon as they can linii
hu-bands to resign. The many changes
occurring in this way are not desirable,
and we ought to promote as far as pos
sible tbe wishes of ladies who take up
teaching as a life profession."
"I don't believe," said Director H. C.
Henderson, "in keeping any dead-letter
rules upon our booKs. What is the use of
it, anyhow? If the single ladie? teaching
in the" department wish to marry and can
?et a good chance why shouldn't they?
t's nobody's business except theirs and
their husbands'. The Board of Educa
tion can't stop them, rule or no rule, and
it is no use for them to try.
"When I first went into the department
I bad that silly anti-marriage law knocked
out. Why is it put back now? That's a
conundrum. I guess, thoutch, that some
of my worthy associates are looking for
some good places for their friends. There's
another joker about the rule besides its
unconstitutionality, and that is thai the
directors won't dare even to ask a teacher
when she marries to resign. If she is very
timid sbe may be soared into doing it
against her will, bat if she doesn't, she
will be let severely alone. You'll see that
what I'm telling you is straight, and if
some plucky young teacher ever takes
this anti-marriage rule into the courts it
will be knocked skyhigh."
EXPERT WITH HIS PEN,
0. C. Clark, an Ex-Convict, Ar
rested on the Charge of
Forgery.
He Has Spent Nearly the Whole of
the Past Twenty-One Years
in Prison.
O. C. Clark, an ex-convict, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by Detectives
Gibson and Wren and Policeman Freel on
the charge of forgery.
He was arrested on Friday in Goldberg,
Bowen <fc Co.'s store on Butter street,
While attempting to pass a forged order in
the name of H. Mack & Co. for 500 cigars.
The charge on which he is booked is for
y assing a forged order on Friday last on
W. P. Fuller & Co. for 600 pounds of white
iead. The name of E. H. Kittridge & Co.
was forged to the order; Clark got the
white lead and sold it.
When searched at the City Prison a
book containing a large number of forged
orders for different articles was found in
his pocket.
Olark has a long record of crime. He is
48 years of age and gives bis occupation as
a bookkeeper. He has a fine appearance
and is one of the most accomplished pen
men in the City.
He began bis career of crime in 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
On May 4 of that year he was sentenced to
200 days in the County Jnil for obtaining
money by false pretense I *. On July 28,
1375, he was Bent to San Quentin for two
years for forgery ; January 28, 1879, he got
ten years in San Quentin for grand lar
ceny; January 12, 188ti, six months in the
County Jail on two charges of petty lar
ceny; October 23, 1886, three years in the
House of Correction for petty larceny,
secono. offense; July 5, 1889, six years in
San Quentiu for grand larceny; March 16,
1894, two years in Folsom penitentiary for
petty larceny, second offense; October 25,
1895, six months in the County Jail for
petty larceny.
His sentences in twenty-one years aggre
gate 24 y 2 years, so that, allowing for cred
its, he has nearly passed the whole time
in prison, and he wili coon spend a few
years more.
THE THEATERS.
A List of the Attractions That Will Be
Offered at the Playhouses To-
Nlght.
This evening there will be offered at the
California Tneater by Frederick Ward
ana Rose Coehlan "Carmen" as a drama,
the first time of its presentation in that
form in this City.
"The Charity Ball" will by special re
quest of many 1 patrons be put on the
boards at the Columbia to-night and the
Mveral characters will be presented by
the members of the Frawley Company.
"Side Tracked," a comedy drama, is
what the patrons of the Grand Opera
house will have presented to them to-nieht
with Jules Walters in the leading role." It
is said to be an amusing play.
At the Tivoli Opera-house this evening
the attraction will be the opera of "Rigo
lelto" with Signor De Vries in the title
role. Madame Natali is cast for the role of
Gilda, which is her favorite.
Many brilliant features are promised at
the Orpheum Music Hall for this evening
and as the management always keeps
faith with its patrons, there is no doubt a
good bill for presentation.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Arrival of the 0. and 0.
Steamship Doric From
the Orient.
A Japanese Cansu'-Gsneral Is Now En
R ute to the Capital of
M xico.
The Oriental and Occidental steamship
Doric arrived yesterday from China,
Japan and the Hawaiian Islands. She
had twelv* white passengers and forty
three Chinese and Japanese in the cabin
ami 120 Asiatics in the steerage.
The vessel was boarded by Quarantine
Officers Blue and Chalmers and found to
possess a clean bill of health. However,
as a greater precaution, ninety-three Chi
nese steerage passengers were landed at
Angel Island, with their effects, for fumi
gation before the steamship docked.
The following are the cabin passengers:
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Graham and child, L.
Plumann, H. Ftiwa, I. Hcnor, W. (J. Barrett, K.
Ito. H. H. Van Beuinken. M. A. Newell. T. All
brecht, R. Wollcoti, C. >Voltern. Dr. and Mrs.
B. Haiucs and child, Mies Certi, W. D. Swim
mertnn, hen Hmcr Wen, . Miss A. M. Graham,
B. Murano, F. Krenings, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Mucrta, two children and maid, Mrs. R. G.
Ewlng, daughter ana son, Allen Parson, K. J.
Holmes, Dr. Russell Phillip*, Judge de la
Vcignc, Mrs. A. Baker, Dr. and • Mrs T. 1).
Arnold, two children and maid, R. 8. Whitney,
Wing Chock, Miss K. Gardiner, T. Inglta, 11. V.
Harrison, Dr. J. C. Nuttell, H. Keboy«hi. H. R.
Boitwick, O. Kcktnaiin, A. Finis, Dr. G. L.
Tail, Miss J. Dej-o, Mrs. h. D. Lane, Mr. and
Mr». R. S. Whitney.
M. Murota is the Japanese Consul-Gen
eral on his way to his new station in the
City of Mexico. He is accompanied by his
wife and two children.
Allen Persues and Harry Bostwick of
this City returned from Japan, after an
absence since last January.
Dr. and Mrs. Haines of Belvedere and
M. A. Newell of this City returned from
Honolulu.
Yesterday morning D. Walker, a drum
mer for Gibbs <fc Co.. landed from the
steamer Dauntless from Stockton and told
Police Sergeant Tom Maboney on the
wharf a tale of woe. Coming down the
river he feil in with two strangers, a man
and a woman, and he could not do enough
for them.
He paid for- their supper on the boat
and also most of the intoxicants they all
drank, and in doing so exhibited a well
filled purse. It is needless to say that he
was permitted to drink the most and
deepest. He somehow managed to get to
bed, and when he awoke in the morning
he found that his two companions had
plucked him. They took $130. which was
money belonging to his employers, and
this was a serious complication.
The young man was very sorrowful,
very penitent and soul he would hnve to
apply to his mother for money to make
bis deficiency good.
By the Doric, it is learned that the seal
ing* fleet is doing well this season in
Japanese waters. The following schooner*
arrived at Hakodate between June 20
and 24.
The Geneva, with 499 skins; Borealis,
with 3-V> skins; Vera. with 559 skins;
Casco, with 808 skins; Mermaid, 941 skins'-
Arletes, with 1028 skins, Williard Ains
wortb, with 721 sßins; Otto, with 719
skins; Golden Fleeoe, with 709 skins-
Director, with 971 aitins; Vina, with 615
skins.
The bark California came into Hakodate
Jane 25 with seventeen whales.
Yesterday two water-front characters,
known as John Brown and Skivo bad a
glove contest in Hurricane Gulch, near
Bausalito. The affair was without honor
or interest, and was declared a draw after
a few rounds had been fought.
The Leaeue of the Cross returned from
its week's camp tt Aqua Caliente, Sonoma
County, last evening, and the First In
fantry Regiment came down from its out
ing at Stockton.
PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY.
Elder Tanner of the Mormon Mission
Believes It Will Reappear.
Elder Henry 8. Tanner of the California
Mormon Mission spoke in Pythian Castle
last evening upon the "Rise and Destiny
of Christianity." He said:
"While it may appear presumptuous for
one to claim that primitive Christianity
will yet cover the earth, when we know
how loug Christianity has been estab
lished, bow many hundreds of forms it has
taken and yet how few people have been
reached, yet it is destined to cover the
earth and every knee Dow and every
tongue confess that Jesus is the Christ.
"The pure principles of primitive Chris
tianity wili be taught unto all the world
and it will no longer be said that oniy
dead forms exist; for the power and gift*
will accompany true believers and follow
ers of the lowly Nazarene."
SUICIDE OF A RAGPICKER.
Ben nnrifH Body; Found Floating, in
the Bay Yesterday Afternoon.
The body of Ben Durif, who in life was a
ragpicker and resided near Black Point,
was found floating in the bay off the foot
of Filmore ; street '. yesterday afternoon. •
Chris Liu z was passing along the beach
and noticed the body, which was then
about one hundred * feet I out in the bay.
He procured a boat and towed the grue
some 8 object to the Soore. The Coroner
was notified and the body was taken to
the Morgue. ' slt was 'f evident that the
drowned man committed suicide as a sack
containing two large basalt blocks was
found tied firmly to the body.
ACMES WIN THE
BIG ROAD RACE,
Twenty-Mile Road Event of
the Associated Cycling
Clubs.
KRAFT'S GREAT RIDE
The Bay City Man Covered the
Course in Record-Breaking
Time.
YEOMAN FOULED MENNE.
Tee Bay Citys Lost When Apparently
Winners— Accidents Were
Numerous.
The great twenty-mile road race of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs was
ridden yesterday over the San Leandro
triangle and resulted In a victory for the
C. A. Kraft of the Bby Cfty Wheelmen. Who Covered Twenty Miles in 12 mins.
51 1-5 scC9.
team of the Acme Club Wheelmen of Oak
land, the Bay City Wheelmen of this City
being a close second.
The race was reolete with incidents and
accidents, and the ride was a hard one for
all me contestants. Th* day was warm
and soltry, and the course over which the
race was ridden was in very poor condi
tion. Falls were numerous, and, while
nothing serious happened, many a man
finished bruised and dusty — sometimes on
a borrowed wheel, his own having been
smashed in some collision or tumble.
As prophesied in The Call last Friday,
the Acmes won the rt»ce and won it fairly,
but their most-feared competitor.", the
bay Citys, who entered their men at the
last moment, having almost decided not
to ride, gave them a much harder battle
than was rxpectcd, and but for the foal
riding of Yeoman of the Reliance Club,
who elbowed and threw Menne of the Bay
City.-, the latter club might have easily
won.
The trouble occurred on the south side
of the triangular course, near the railroad
crossing. The race was paced throughout
by tandem teams from the different clubs,
and at this point a Reliance team swung
into the lead. To be first behind a tandem
is some advantage, and all the men in the
group of riders sprinted for the coveted
position. Menne cot it, but this did not
suit Yeoman, who rode alongside of him
and tried to crowd him out, using his
elbow. Menne would not have it that
way and elbowed him back. It was over
ft rough bit of roAd, and Yeoman's wheel
went into a rut, throwing nim heavily and
bringing his opponent down. also. The
rest of tne bunch cleared the smastiup and
kept on, but the wheels of the two who
ha i fallen were wrecked and they could
not follow.
But happily for Yeoman a clubmate of
his came along and loaned him hid wheel,
ami lie was .soon off aeaiii anU caught up
what he had lost, while Menne had to wait
several minutes before he could get an
other mount. It was a deliberate foul,
and lost the Bay Citys the race; but they
are too sportsmanlike a club to claim it on
any such grounds, and will co no further
than to denounce Yeoman's foul riding.
Menne is a n;uch better man than Yeo
man, and would have beaten him. By
this foul he finished over four minutes b ■'-
hind Yeoman. As the Bay Citys only
lost the race by one minute and
twenty-eight seconds, owing to Kraft's
wonderful ride in the second bunch,
where he gained over three minutes on
every man who started with him, it is safe
to say tliey had the race well in hand. As
President Kerrigan said, after he had
heard the particulars of the foul : "Well,
I guess Yeoman of the Reliance Club won
the race for the Acmes, but never mind.
You remember the Acmes won the first
relay race, and with one exception we
have won it ever since. Maybe this race,
which has to be contested every year,
will also turn out that way; here's
hoping."
The twentv-mlle team race is a new de
parture with the associated clubs, but will
be an annual feature hereafter. The
trophy is an elegant silver cup, hand
somely engraved. As the association
already has annual ten and twenty-rive
milo races and the hundred-mile relay, it
was decided to have a twenty-mile race, to
be competed for by five men from each
club which entered, and the lowest aver
age net time of any team would give to
that olub possession of the trophy for a
year. It has to be won three times, how
ever, to become the personal property of a
club.
ThA fact that the race was limited to
amateurs kept many good men out of it,
but wheh the association passed a rule
that no man could ride Who had ever
raced in class B of the League of American
Wheelmen (though the league last Febru
ary had restored all sucli men io ama
teurism), the big clubs lost interest in it
entirely.
The Garden City Cyclers and San Fran
cisco Road Club would not enter teams,
and tbe Bay Cilys only went in half
heartedly without much hope or care of
winning. As a matter of fact, that rule
was rushed through by the Alameda
County deiegatOß to the association to
keep out the ex-class B crackajacks of San
Francisco and San Jose, who had been re
turned to amateurism, for last year when
that class flourished class B men across
the bay were as scarce as silver Democrats
to-day.
The ride was started at Fitcbburg, on
the county road, about three miles tkis
side of Sari Leandro. On reaching the lat
ter point the men took the fork toward
Haywards, covering the triangular course
back to San Leandro, ei^ht and one-third
miles, hiding this twice, nnd the three
and one-third miles extension to Fitch
burg, made up the required twenty miles,
the linish being in San Leandro.
Yesterday's race was entered by five
teams, from the Acme, Bay City. Cali
fornia, Alameda, Imperial, Olympic and
Reliance cluos. At the last moment the
Olympics had to withdraw, owing to the
sudden il!nes3 of J. K. Wing, their best
man, of which they were notified too late
to ?et a man for his place.
Only four of the clubs finished the race,
the California and Santa Rosa men meet
ing witn accidents or being unable to keep
up the pace.
One man from each team, mafclns a
group of six riders, was started at 10:30
o'clock, another bnnch five minutes later,
and so on until the five bunches of six
men each were on the way, paced by tan
dems, singles or anybody or anything that
could or would make a pace fa?t enough.
Some of tho tandem teams were: Dixon
and Welch, IJay City : Johnson and Mayo,
California; E/an and Jaegling, Imperial;
Kroetz and Stanley, Olympic, and a team
from the Reliance Club.
The speed" maintained was very fast,
averaging well under three minutes for
every mile. But in the second bunch
there was one man who could not get
Dacing fast enough to suit him. This was
Kraft of the Bay City Wheelmen. He
chafed under restraint, it seemed, and
kept coming up even with the tandem
riders, who were already nearly dead from
riding so fast, and asking them to make
it faster. They only looked at him in dis
gust, wondering what manner of man he
was, and worried along for another mile.
Kraft mint have thought tney were de
laying the game, for he finally swung out,
passed the tandem, and, digging into
his pedals, left the bunch as though it
was standing still. He was soon out of
their sight, and what was his joy on turn-
Ing tho corner at San Lorenzo to see his
two club mates. George K. Dtxon and
Herbert W. Welch, waiting there with
their tandem to pace some man, they did
not care who, though a Bay City pre
ferred.
And "o all was merry from there on
with Charley Kraft, ior if there is any
team that can ncorch the protind with
their speed it is Dixon and Welch. And
so it was that the *p' ctators at the finish
saw whizzing past them what appeared to
be Uiree men on a triplet dressed in pretty
pink racing suits mid wearing the emblem
of the Maltese cro»*». but which was in
rerun v the Dixon- Welch tandem team
and Kraft on a single, but trailing thorn
closely it looked like one tbree-se&ted
machine.
'•Was that pace hot enonen for you*"
queried jolly Lieutenant Dixon after the
race, to Kraft, wno wos mill on hin wheel,
moving nlowly and breathing heavily.
'•Don't ask" me," responded the thor
ouehly winded German. "Wait till I ride
another mile and get my breath."
Kraft's ride is most remarkable and es
tablishes a very low twenty-mile record
for the coast. His net time for the dis
tance was 52 mm. 51 1-5 sec. This has
only been beaten in two States in tbe
Union— Massachusetts 48:68 and Texas
50:08 — neither of which was made in com
petition a»hi» was, and surely over better
courses, for the San Leandro triangle road
is now very rough and heavy.
Williamson of Santa Rosa mad* a splen
did ride in tho fourth group. He beat
them ail in and rode faster than the av
erage time of the day by a couple of min
utes. Bates of the Reliance Club rode
splendidly in the third bunch, had a fall
or two and still finished well to the front.
Vincent of the Bay Cities eh ar.ged his
mount five times in the race and still fin
ished well up. Staples, the last Acme
man to finish, fell six times' all told, and
changed wheels whenever he saw one he
thought looked better than the last one he
borrowed, like a Kentucky hortetrader.
The following show the perform
ances of the men on the teams which
finished the race:
Acme Club Wheelmen— J. R. Krnna,
56:48 3-3; H. W. Squires, 5B:»4 4-5; K. \V.
Decker, r>s:o7; P. M. Lefevre. 57:24 3-5; O. H.
Staples, 5»:14. Average time of team, 30:53.
Bay City Wheelmen— C. A. Raymoud,
5G:4(( 2.l;'C. A. Kraft. 52:51 1-D; K. L:\ngue
tin, 55:20; S. B. Vincent, 58:40 2-5; A. J.
Menne. 1:02:14 4-5. Average time of team,
57:10 15 3-5.
Reliance Club Wheelmen — J. 8. Brereton,
50:14; C. D. Gooch, 6556; C. D. Itiiten Jr.,
58:13 4-5; B. H. Elford, 57:27; \V. Woman,
57:58. . Average time of team, 57:15|30.
Imperial Cycling Club— J. R. Llnd,
5<>:43 2-5; A. A. Ortion, 1:00:08; Langer,
1:00: 3-5; Webb, 1:00:50; J. J. Borree,
57:58 2-5. Average time ot team, 1 :00:21.
The trophy will be turned over to the
winning club nt a banquet to be tendered
tlio team and the officers of the associated
clubs next Wednesday evening at Tor
toni's.
A match race may come out of yester
day's race between Squires of the" Acme
Club and Kraft of the Bay Cities. The
Aomes think their man can beat Kraft's
time for twenty miles; the Bay Cities
think differently. Such differences of
opinion often make races.
The following ofliciuls rendered efficient
service in the conduct of the race: Ref
eree, H. H. White; judges— E. B. Jerome,
G. F. N'eece, J. W. Ramage, F. H. Kerri
gan, C. Michener; timers— George P. Wet
more, F. W. Sharpe, H. A. Goddard, W.
B. Fawcett, John Kitcher. Jr.
The Japanese, in order to celebrate their
recent victories, are going to erect a gigan
tic statue of Buddha. The height wilt be
120 feet. The metal will be supplied from
the ordnance captured in the late war.
The monument will coat about 1,000,000
yen and is to be erected at Kioto.
NEW TO-DAY.
Take No Substitute-
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
Ht9 alw»ys stood FIRST in the estima-
tlon of the American People. No ether is
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
LADY WRITERS
ARE IN DEMAND,
Grand Opportunity to Ex
hibit Their Work to
the Public.
ALL GIVEN A CHANCE.
Tennessee International Exhibi
tion Wishes Every State
to Exhibit
MANY GOOD WOBKS RECEIVED.
Addie L. Ballcu and Elizabeth Sloper
Looking After California's
Interests.
The lady writers of the State are simply
bubbling over with enthusiasm. Manu
scripts are being collated, typewritten and
neatly bound together with delicate rib
bons. Books are being sent in with every
mail. And the cause of it all is the chance
given them to exhibit their talent at the
Tennessee Centennial and International
Exposition.
It came about in this way. The literary
committee of the exposition decided that
it would be a good plan to appoint ladies
of ability in all the different States of the
Union to collect the published works and
miscellaneous articles of the various fe
male authors of their respectives States.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou was honored with a
selection for California, and immediately
appointed Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper her assist
ant.
As soon as convenient they notified all
the California women of known ability as
writers of what was desired. The result
was most promising. Manuscripts and
books, accompanied with missives express
ing appreciation and a sincere desire to see
our lady writers make a grand display,
have been arriving with every mail.
Among them is a new work by Flora
McDonald Shearer, entitled, "The Legend
of Aulus." The book also contains severa 1
other shorter poems of merit.
Two pamphlets by Rose O'Halloran, on
the subject of astronomy, are also deserv
ing of mention. One is entitled, "Tele
scopic Study of ihe Heavens," and the
other, "When the Moon Runs Highest
and Runs Lowest."
Then there are two books by Mary Lam
bert, which will receive their due share of
attention. "La Rabida," a Californlnn
Columbian souvenir poem, i» a perfect
gem so far as printing and binding are con
cerned, and is also beautifully illustrated.
A larger work, iresh from the press, con
tains exactly 200 pages, with a steel en
graving of the author.
Another work that cannot fail to excite
attention even amonc the vast exhibit
that will be made is Marie L. Farrinßton's
'Facinjr the Fphinx." Aside from its
unique title, the book deals in an orignial
manner with tht esoteric study of symbol
ism in the religions of Greece, Rome,
Egypt and the Orient.
From many others have come promises
to send In their writings at once. Among
them is Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who has
promised two books fromeher facile pen.
Miss Josephine McCracken of Wrights,
Santa Clara County, will mail her "Over
land Tales" and "Another Juanita."
Mrs. Charles Brown has promised the
works of her mother, Mrs. Georglana
Kirby.
Agnes Mannine, Madge Morris Wagner,
Ina D. Coolbrith Gertrude Atherton
and other distinguished writers have been
communicated with, but sufficient time
for an answer has not yet elapsed.
Mrs. Mary A. Stanton has given her
word to contribute a work on physiognomy.
Mrs. Julia Schlesinger has donated. her
late work entitled "Workers in the Vine
NEW TO-DAT.
You might pay — per-
haps you do pay —$2 or
$3 or $4 a pound for tea
and yet miss the charm
that is in Ideal Blend —
the rarest flavor of Schil-
lings Best.
How can your grocer sell
you such tea for $1.25 a
pound when other tea that
is not so good (no better
anyway) costs more?
Hard to answer, unless
we claim for ourselves so
great knowledge of the art
of blending, so that we can;
at moderate cost produce
the effect that it costs other
tea makers more to pro- |
duce, and, therefore, costs j
you more to enjoy.
125 a pound— 200
cups — your money back
if you don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 827
NEW TO-BAT-AMDSEMESTS.
O'F»rrell Street, lietn^n stoeltton onJ Po-ar?!:. '
Week Commencing: Monday, July 13. -
; Engagement Extraordinary of
MR. JOHN MASON and
MARION HANOLA MASON.
LKS DONATOS,-; — ■'■• - ■ •-■ ■ . - - . '
PROF. FRED MACART'S DOG,
J- -'-v MONKEY AND BABOON* CIItOUS.
Last Woe k of the < ROSSO W BROS. ■•
39- • ■ Great Vaudeville Stars— 39
Reserved Seats, 250; .Balcony, 10c; open Utialrt
and Box Se»u. 50c. ■■■■■■.■■■...' -■;:.'. ■■■■•;•. : .-r .■■ ,
Jutto ITtST
TUESDAY, JILT . 14.
■ ——Afternoon and Evening—— .
- WILL CELEBKATE I.^
"THE FALL OK THE BASTILE."
• .French Concert by-Gaulolso Band. -
GENERAL ADMISSION— •
i Adults, 10c r Children, sc.
.J\ hew to-»at:
The Woman,
The Man,
And The Pill.
She was a good -woman. He
lovefl. her. She was his wife.
The pie was good; his wife
made it; he ate it. But the
pie disagreed with him, and
he disagreed with his wife.
Now he takes a pill after pie
and is happy. So is his wife.
The pill he takes is Ayer's.
Moral : Avoid dyspepsia
by using
Ayer's
Cathartic Pills.
yard." The book is biographical, and
deals with noted reformers in the world of
religious thought, principally spiritualists.
In addition the volume is copiously illus
trated.
Mrs. Black (Annie Laurie) has been fop
warded a request (o send in her published
works, and an answer is expected very
soon.
Mrs. Ballou herself will send a volume
of poems entitled "Driftwood" and her
drama. "A Guardian Angel," to the ex
position.
The two ladies engaged in this labor of
love are in high spirits at the response to
their call, and say that California is going
to stand second to none in the coming
exhibition. AIL works must be sent East
in November.
The results of advertising were recently
illustrated. A London man advertised for
the return of a lost cat. In less than a
week 332 of ♦.hem were brought to his
house.
NEW TO.LAT-AMU3EMENT3.
TMEATREI "»«^
THIS EVENING AT 8 "SHARP."
FRED. ROSE i
Wai, Cogilan
• AND j—
L. R. STOCKWELL'S PLAYERS
IN— — -
A SPECTACULAR PIIODUCTION,
FIRST
TIME : A BHILLTANT :
IN : DRAMATIC :
THIS : version :
city : :
new scenery!
beautiful costumes!
ORIGINAL MUSIC!
POPULAR PRICES!
JULY 20— MADAME.
IN PREPARATION
MERCHANT OP VENICE!
miCBLAnQLR.GOTTIOD* o»- uScj/aorunAtut*---
SI^JWANT
IS A. PLACK To GO
AND SOMETHING TO SEE.
_. THAT IS WHY THK _ •_
FRAWLEYCOMPANY
Are Crowding Our House Nightly.
TO-N IG-HT
BY UNANIMOUS DEMAND,
THE
CHARITY
BALL!
BelosCo and De >!ille"s Great Play.
Maxlm> KIMoa— — — >'miilc worthing,
Blanche L. Hates. Mndce Carr Cook. Hope Boss,
l'Uosa \ll:s:cr, Arbuulrlp, Kuos Clarke,
LesMe. Wynsate.nnd the Entire
sjlrnillrt Organization.
The Same BeAUtliul SCeutry nn>t Costumes.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Ud>. b>.sitNTlXK XK H kt.ivi. rroprielor A, .U<tua{*:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. utstav Hixrichs.
TO-3tflGnT.
Also Wednesday, Friday uncl Sunday Evenings,
Verdl'ti Celebrated Lyric Drama
"RIQOLjBTTO."
KATAM. r.rcxKl.K t:A>ATI, MIi'MKLBNA,
DE VRIES. ABtIAMOFF, KAKL, .
PACHE, Klc.
. Tuesday, Thursday nnd Saturday Evenings,
<.<>wiioil's Tragic Opera .
"ROMEO -A.3STD JULiIBT."
BERTINI, JHJtrniu: v-=, mh n ki,;;na,
RAKFAEL. KARL, FACHK, RI7S-*KLL.
CA9ATI. TOOKKH. >" AIOKI.KONI. Etc
SPECIAL SCENERY. COBHEOf COSTUMESI
' —■In Preparation — - ■
"UIONON." "MARTHA"
Popular Prices— 2ss nnd sOa.
MOROSCO'S 3 '
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in Amarisa.
WALTER MOI'.OSUO. Sole Leased a;U Maiu;).-
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian,
juiii: WALTERS —
. •• In Ills Great Com; dy-Drama.
"SIDE TRACKED!"
A Veritable Feast of Fan.
Evening Prices— 3,">o and 50c.
Family . Ireland (.a'.lerv. lie. i •
Usual HiatlnecJt Saturday and Sunday.
FALL OF THE BASTILE
A.T-
THE CHUTES,
. TUESDAY, JULY 14. AT 2 P. 31.
LITERARY fcX*RC!SE3. CONCERT
And Various Attraction).
GRA\D MtiHT FESTIVAL CONCERT
At 8:30 O'clock.
SPLENDID FIREWORKS.
<3rx-»xxcl 3all -£i.ll nXTislxt
IN THE PAVH.IOJT.
Admission , Dar, Nifrht,
• Adults: »i. 2Sc.
- Children under 13: UK". lOi.
The da/ ticket is good for the night If the bearer
does not leave the Chutes.
Electric Cars Will Ran , All Night To
and From the Chutos.
CHUTES
j^f jy ..
EVERY r APT KRNOON AND EVENING.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF HILL t-
: For the First Tlme^WEPm
CAPT. BEACH, ; th«» '-Man Fish," who ; Eats,
Drinks, Smokes and bleeps Under Water.
-' Continued Summ-s-* of -
ABAGON, Queen 01. Wire Wallcera. ,
and THE- rWßgwMlaa
MARLO-DUNiIAM FAMILY.
Concerts at 2 and 8 r .31. by the RUSSIAN
COURT ORCHESTRA.
ADMIS>IO> to CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Ride, 5 cents.
78
TRANSFERRED TO
ST. DOMINIC'S,
Rev. J. S. Jones, 0. P.,
Appointed First As
sistant.
POPULAR AND ELOQUENT
He Has Successfully Ministered
for Four Years at
Vallejo.
/VDTtATW-p-n ny HTCTI7VD TW a i in ttt
. ORDAINED BY BISHOP MANOGUE
His Theological Studies Were Made
at Benicia— Was Born in
Nevada.
Rev. J. 8. Jones, O. P., who for the
past four years has been assistant in the
church at Vallejo, was recently transferred
to St. Dominic's of this City, where he will
Rev. J. S. Jones. O. P., Recently of Vallejo, Who Has Been Transferred to St.
Dominic's of This City.
officiate a8 first assistant to the Very Rev.
Father Murphy, pastor of St. Dominic's
and superior of the Dominican order on
this coast.
Father Jones ia a young man of high
abilities, and possesses those qualities
that endear him to the hearts of all with
whom he comes in contact.
He was born in Nevada. His theological
studies were made at Beniciaand he was
ordained into the priesthood in this City
in 1888 by the Jate Bishop Manogue, who
officiated in the absence of Archbishop
Riordan.
Fatner Doogan was appointed pastor of
Vallejo by Archbishop Riordan on the
death of Father Denis, June 17.
Father Denis became very ill during the
latter part of last May, and Father Jones,
who was then assisting at St. Dominic's,
was sent to Vallejo again to tide over mat
ters, pending the illness of Father Denis.
The vacancy made by the changing of
Fa»her Dpo.-an at St. Dominic's was filled
by the Very Rev. Father Murphy. The
fact of Fatner Murphy's highj)osition in
the Dominican Order makes the office of a
chief assistant to him equally high, as
during the absence of the superior Father
Jones will be called upon to take his
place and conduct the services as a virtual
pastor, besides performing the duties of
the snperior's assistant.
Fflther Jones is the spiritual director of
the Young Men's Holy Name Society of
St. Dominies Church and he is extremely
popular among the young men members
of this society. He is a man of tall and
imposing presence and possesses a rich,
full and pleasantly modulated voice. His
sermons are noted for their force and
rhetorical beauty, as well as for their
persuasiveness in lifting the heart to bet
ter things.
GREAT GAME OF HANDBALL
Har.ow, the Ex-Coast Champion,
Defeats the Overhand
Swiper.
An Exciting and Closely Contested
Match Payed at 'he Union
Court.
Handball enthusiasts crowded the San
Francisco court yesterday afternoon, the '
attraction being the match fora purse of I
$V) between J. Harlow, the ex-coast cham
pion, and R. Leniban, the famous over
hand swiper and crackajack of the Union
court.
Both had trained well for the contest i
and each had his admirers. Lenihan is j
not such an old hand at the game as Har- I
low, but he had been distinguishing him
self recently by lowering the colors of
some of the leading amateurs. The match, j
therefore, was looked forward to with
more than usual interest.
J. C. Nealon, the veteran player, was
selected as judge and scorer, and he per
formed his delicate duties with judgment
and impartiality.
Lenihan started the ball going and
pleased his admirers by running up a j
score of 18 before being retired. Hariow
succeeded in making four aces, aud then
Lenihan ran out. The second game was
wot) by Harlow by a score of 21 to 12.
The third game was one of the prettiest
seen in tne court and created the greatest
excitement. Harlow started off with 18
consecutive aces and it looted as if it was
ail up wita Lenihan. There was some
close play till the score stood Harlow 19,
Leniban 5. Then Lenihan began to toss
in fine style and ran his score to 19 amid
great applause. It was thought that he '
Mwould run out, but he pot nervous and
■gave an easy ball to Harlow. Harlow
■failed to score, which added to the excite
■merit, and- Lenihan £ made { another ace.
lie only wanted another to win the game,
but Harlow was on the alert and ." cleverly
■caught a scorcher, gaining the toss. He
■made the two aces to win and the score
■stood: Harlow two /ramps, Lenihan one.
Harlow ' then tossed a " great game and
made 21 consecutive aces without giving
HLenihan the ghost of a chance. He was
■warmly congratulated on. his victory and
Lenihan, who played a plucky game,
■came in for a full share of applause.. .
At the Union court there • were ' several
■closely contested games. - Among them
was a six-handed game, the players being
xv - Lowenberg, S. Shielder and J. Devitt
against j. W. Riley, W. P. Riley and G.
McNulty. The latter team were all heavy
■weights* and that may have been the rea
son why their more agile opponents de-
Ifeated them. It was a great game and will
Hbe long remembered by those who saw it.
Another exciting game at the Union was
■between M. J. Dillon and. Terry McManus
and J. J. Feeney and J. Nelson. It was
closely contested from start to linish and
the final was won by Feeney and Nelson
by only two aces. -
Following were the games played in the
courts :
! San Francisco Court— R. Shea and G. Mc
-1 Donald defeated Dan Rogers and P. Ryan,
I 21— 15, 17—21, 21—19. -D. Regan and J. Col
j ims defeated W. Stansbury and M. Edwards,
121—14, 10— 21, 21—18. •J. Collins and W.
defeated R. Murphy and M. Ed
21—15,17—21, 21—20. J. McEvely and
l). (onnoliy defeated P. - Hutchinson and
Kelly, 21—17, 18—21. 21—19. J. Slat*
■tery and C. Sullivan defeated M. Maher
and J. Daly. 21— 14, 16— 21,, 21—20. T. Quinn
■Jund R. Rudolph defeated B. Crane and J.
■o'Brieu, 21—15, 17—21, 21—19. John Rior
■diui, coast champion, and George Hutchinsou
■defeated J. C. Kealou and J. Feeney, 21—15,
J7— -1, 21—19. J. Harlow defeated R. Leni
■han for a purse of 4—21, 21—12, 21—20.
■'-:i-<>-
Union Court W. HeSernan and C. Doran
■defeated Thomas Madden and 1 W. Doran,
■21—17. 19—21, 21— 10. R. Burke and R.
Barry defeated M. Dal ton . and M. Mitch
I eil, 21—18, 16—21, 21—14. James O'Uon
nell and J. Howard defeated 1L Bascti and
jJ. Hogan, 21—19, 17—21, 21—12. George
McGuire aud W. Siansbury defeated J.
Collins and R. Murphy, 21—16. 15—21,
21 — 11. M. Kirby and D. Regan defeated
T. Fay and T. bullivan, 21—16, 16 — 21.21—2.
! George Wilds and M. Morton defeated P. C.
i Morton and J. Kerrigan, 21—13, 11—21, 21—9.
! W, Lowenberg, J. Shielder and J. Devittde
! feated J. W. Riley, W. P. Riley and C. McNulty,
I 21-16, 14-21, 18-21, 21—19, 21—8. J. J.
j Feeney and J. Nelson defeated M. J. Dillon and
; Terry McManus, 16—21, 21—18, 21—17,
13—21, 21—19.
BELIEVES IN STRIKES,
Rev. W. R. Goodwin Says La
borers Should Hod
Together.
A Sermon on tbe Relations Existing
Between Employers and
Emp oyes
—————
Rev. Dr. W. R. Goodwin of the Califor
nia-street Methodist Church discoursed on
"Capital and Labor" to his congregation
at the evening service yesterday, taking
the Golden Rule as the theme of his text,
"if the golden rule prevailed as it
should," said he, "it would not only regu
late all differences between nations but
between contending elements at home.
"It is said the churches do not invite
the poor to enter. This cannot be sub
etantiated. Take this church, for exam
ple. It is neat, well finished, well seated,
I well lighted, has fine music and the ser
[ mons are plain and easily understood and
short. So there must be other causes,
some evil influence on the outside that has
poisoned the people's mind against going
to church.
"It is said that the churches are opposed
to labor. This is not so. The churches
are friendly to the laboring class just as
much as they are to the moneyed people.
The poorest man in the land can have
just as good a seat in this church as the
j President ol the United States.
"There must of necessity be two classes
of people in the commonwealth — the em
ployer and the employe. Now the ques
tion is how to bring those two parties to
gether.
"Tne laborer must deal fairly with his
employer; he must give value for the
money he receives. No employer will
j hire a useless or inexperienced man, nor
will he hire an intemperate man at the
same late of wages that he will pay a
sober, competent workman. He knows
of no law that will make him hire an in
; competent, physician, and the same rights
' are extended to the manufacturer. He
has a right to look into the morals of the
j men whom he gets to work for him.
'•Again, the laborer has rights, and the
employer should respect those rights.
Wages should be paid weekly instead of
1 monthly. The monthly pay deprives the
j laborer of the interest of his'earnings.
"Six days in tne week is all that any
man should be compelled to work. In
Canada there is no work on Sunday, no
trains are run, and in London there are no
Sunday newspapers.
"Strikes are legitimate, but the trouble
with strikes is they are badly managed.
"When there is a grievance between the
, employer and the employe every laboring
! man in a union should strike all over the
j United States, and in this manner work
would of necessity stop. Then the trouble
should be settled by arbitration. Capital
ists stick together, why should not laborers
follow the example?"
The speaker did not approve of Mr.
Rockefeller's zenero>«ity in giving $1,000,000
to a university and the next day adding 12
cents a gallon on coal oiJ. This, he said,
snould be prohibited by legislation on the
same principle as it regulates fares aud
' freights on railroads.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTTLIT 13, lsue.
PITCHER KELLY'S
SPLENDID WORK,
It Helped the Imperials Beat
the Pacific Ball
Team.
BASE HITS IN BUNDLES.
Shortstop Monahan and Pitcher
McCarthy Played Very
Poorly.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAME.
The San Franciscos Had Little Diffi-
culty in Beating the San
Joses.
How have the mighty fallen 1 The
Pacifies, heralded by Manager Rogers as
the best team in the City League, posses
sors of the best shortstop, the crack brst
baseman, the top-notch pitcher and the
heaviest batters of the league, have been
forced to play second fiddle to the make
shift Imperials. Think of it, the Im
perials, who never play a game without
having to put in one or two players of
some other team to complete their nine.
The Californias can beat the Imperials, at
least they have done so twice, and the Pacif
ies have never failed to beat the Californias,
but when the Pacifies and Imperials hook
up victory usually perches on the iatter's
banner. Yesterday was one of the usual
occasions and Manager Rogers' men were
outplayed from start to finish.
The prime cause of the downfall of the
Pacifies yesterday was probably the fact
that Shortstop JJonaban and Pitcher Mc-
Carthy had an off day.
Monahan, who is probably the best all
round player, and certainly the best short
fielder in California, piled up no less than
five costly errors. The field yesterday was
very bard and the ball bounded most
erratically, but most of his mistakes were
inexcusable. McCartny's work in the box
was excellent during the first three
innings, but after that he weakened per
ceptibly, and at critical periods tne heavy
hitters of tne Imperials found the ball
with little difficulty.
Of the victorious team Pitcher Kelly
easily carried off t lie honors. Only once
were the Pacifies able to bunch their hits.
That was in the third inning, when singles
by Becker, Muller and McDermott, Mona
han s base for being hit by a pitched ball
and Crowley's error netted three runs.
Kelly also made four runs out of five times
at bat.
He hit safely twice, once for two bases.
Not to be outdone by the other half of the
battery. Catcher Green burnished up his
batting eye and landed safely on the pig
skin four times out of live attempts.
Crowley made three safe hits and Neaion,
Bliss and Creamer two each.
As already related, the Pacifies made
three runs in the last half of the third in
ning. The : Imperials immediately went
them one belter. In the first part of the
fourth Bliss rapped out a . triple after.
Xealon bad been retired. Green followed
with a single, scoring Bliss. Creamer got
his base on balls. Kelly then hit safely
and Green crossed the plate, Kelly going
to second during an attempt to head off
j Green. Crowley hit the ball squarely on
i the nose and , sent a pretty two-bagger, to
; right . field, scoring both Creamer and
Kelly. The next two men were retired,
leaving Crowley on second.
Bliss' triple was in the nature of a
scratch, It looked to be an easy chance
for Monahan, but when the ball was al
most at his feet it suddenly bounded away
over the shortstop's head.
After the fourth inning it was easy for
the Imperials. Nealon scored in the fifth
on two errors, - making what was practi
cally a home run. He sent a long fly to
left center, which Muller dropped. Nealon
was almost to second base when the error
■was made and he kept running. Aluller
fielded the ball, to Monahan, who threw
wild to third, and Nealon tore by at top
speed, reaching home before McDermott
recovered the ball. ..
In the sixth McCarthy weakened. Kelly
got a base on an error by McDermott, and
Crowley, Barnett and Nealon hit safely,
scoring three runs.: Again in the seventh
the Imperial? bunched three hits, which,
coupled with another' misplay on McDer
mott's allowed four runs to be scored.
The Pacifies got ; a man around in the
eighth and another in the ninth, but the
Imperials offset this by also scoring two in
the final inning.
Following is the official score:
. IMPERIALS. - A.B. B. BH. S.H. P.O. A. X.
Horr, 1. ;: 6 0 0 0 5 12
»alon, 3 b.. 5 12 0 1 2 0
Bliss, c. t ........... 5 2 2 0 2 0 0
Green, c ..5 2.4 0 5 1 l
1 Creamer, 3d b...... 4 2 2 0 2 4 0
i Ke11v.p.... ...■ I ■'.. 4 a 1 0 2 0
CTOWley, 1b.. ...... 5 2 3 . 2 11 i .
Burnett, B.S 5 10 0 12 0
Long, r. f ..5 0., 0_ 0 0 0 1
Totals. 45 14 15 3-27 18 "5
Pacific*. ' A.B. B. BH. S.B. T.O. a. E.
M onahan. 3b. * S.S. 4 2 3 l 1 3 5
Beckett. 2b....;... 5 1 2 0 Si 0
Wilds, 1b...; 5 1 .1 1 7 A 1
Wara, c.:.... 2 0 0 1 10 0 0
Muller, I. f.... 6 12 0 2 00
McL)«>rmo:t.s.s. *3b.4 0 0 0 0 6 2
McCarthy, p........ 4 0 0 0 12 0
Kdwards. r.fc.:.... 4 • 0 0 - 0 10 0
StreUr. i 4 0 10 2 0 2
■ r."-'--— ■•■-• .-<:■ • — ■_ _ _■ _ _ _I
Totals 37 5 "9 1 .27 12 10
4 BCORK BY INNINGS. -
Imperials .....0 0 0 4 1-8-40 2-14
Pacifies 0 0 SO 0 0 0 1 I—6
Karned rum -Imperials 3, Pacifies •1. , Three
base hits— lsealou, Bliss. Two-base hits— Green.
M.iller. Creamer,^Kelly,. Crowley. First baso on
errors— lmperials 7, Pacifies 4, Fim base on called
talta— lmperUJa 2 Pacifies 3. I.eit on bases-Pa
cifies 9. Imperial 7. Struck out— By McCnrtbjr 8,
by Kel lv ft Hit by pluher-Monaban. Pafsed
balls— Ward. ■ Wild pilches— McCarthy. Umpire.
Charles Oagua. - ■ '
SAN JOSE DEFEATED.
The San Fr nclscos Had No Trouble
In Beatinsr the Garden
Glty Team.
The California League game at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets yesterday resulted in a
walkover for the local team.
:- "Up to -the i fourth inning not a man on
either side circled the bases. ' The visitors
started the run getting by landing a bunch
of three. That was the last time they
were prominent, however," for the San
Franclscos scored two in the fourth, four
each in the fifth, sixth and; seventh; and
to show there was ; no • hard . feeling about
the : matter, "r piled- up five more in the
eighth. :.
' The San Joses by close attention to busi
ness managed J to corral an additional pair
of tallies in the sixth and also : one ' in the
final inning. ■ -"; ■•'■ ■"- ■*-■?"'
The features of . the game were Krug's
hitting and baserunning and ; Iberg's
pitching.; Doyle was hit hard ; aud had
rather ragged support. :
;Followine,is the official score: - .
Ban Fbanciscos. "alb. >b. B.H. s.b. P.o. a. b.
Ebir.cf... .;...;... 5 4 4 2 - 10 0
Krag, n's.-.T:::r..::\6 2 215 4O
Kmtib, 2 b... :.'...;.; 8.. 2 4 0 2 1 -3
Sweouey,3b 4 110 16 0
Mnr|<hy, 1 b.;:.-.... 6 2 2 0. 11 0 r'o
Peters, c. ..;.:....? 1115 0-0
•berg, p...;..:;..... 5 2 3 00 10
UDOMjr.fif 5 2. 2 0 1 v 0 0
jLevy.Lf.... .::;.... 5 3 2 0 110
Total.. '...:.iW.'.."Ai' •Id 21 ~4 27 12 1
Bam Joses. a.b. b. b.h. s.r. P.o. a. k.
Doyle, p 4 0 1 O 0 0 O
Scou, c\... 5 1117 4 0
Leonard, 1 b 5 0 0 0 8 0 1
Hanley, 2 b 6 110 0 10
Brown, 3 b 4 a S 1 3 3 1
Tllson, s. 8 4 1 2 0 1 1 S
McCarthy, c f 3 10 0 10 0
Dalnaas.r.f 3 0 0 13 0 1
Zann.l.f. 4 0 10 12 1
Totals 37 H 9 3 24 11 7
SCORE BY IJTNIUOS.
San Franciscos 0 0 0 2 4 4 4 5 •— l9
San Joses. 0 0030200 1— 6
ASSOCIATION BASEBALL.
A Good Score In Favor of Oak
land.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 12.— Oakland
won the baseball «atne to-day. But for
the third inning the score would have
Deen small. In this inning Stockton
piled np nve runs and Oakland four. Both
nines seemed to go to pieces. They made
erratic throws, and the pitchers became
so demoralized that all the batsmen were
able to connect with tue ball. They lined
it out in all directions, and usually put it
just out of the reach of the fielders. This
was the only inning in which woolly ball
was played. There was some star work
done during the game. The batteries
were De Costa and Face for Stockton and
Russell and Davis for Oakland. Pace did
pome great work behind the bat, anu han
dled the stick better than any man in the
game. He lined out a two-bagger and a
home run, aud did great work throughout
the game.
Len Stockwell of Stockton made a star
running catch in the seventh. It was a
hard drive to center, and went sailing over
second. Stockwell made a ran and caught
the ball on a dive, keeping his right with
the ball weil in tbe air while he slid about
twenty feet. The crowd cheered.
Stewart of Stockton made a tnree-bagger
and Lochhead sent one out over the lelt
fielder for two bases. Stockton lost the
game throuerh the pitching of De Costa,
F. E. Mason of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club. Who Has Won Medals and
Is Striving for More.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
who is a good man, but had not handled a
ball in a month.
Following is the game by innings:
Stocktons 206000010—8
Ouklauds 1 0 4 10 3 0 1 o—lo
SUNDAY BASEBALL
ftenultt of Game* flayed in the East by
• X,*ag%tG'Clubn.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July . 12. — Baltimore
played all around Louisville this afternoon.
Attendance, 850. Score:
Baltimores, 7, 14," 2; : Lcuisvilles, :2, 10, ■4.
Batteries— and ; Clarke; ; Hill,' Cun
ningham and Dexter. Umpire— McFarland.
' CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 12.— the seventh
inning, with the store 5 to 2 against them,
Brooklyn bunched ' their hits : and, aid *by
Miller's error, ' succeeded in : tying ; the , score.'
In the eighth the Reds pounded Harper hard,
making five singles and a double, scoring i four
runs. Attendance, 11,198. Score: . ,
Cincinnati!?, )9, 1 14,:3;:,Brooklyns, 5, 9, 3.
Batteries— Eh ret, Gray and Peitz; Harper and
Grim. - Umpire— Sheridan. * •. "'
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 12.— Browns got but
four scattered hits off King to-day, while Wash
ington batted Donahue safely, nineteen- times
and won easily. Attendance 5000. Score:
St. Louis 1, 4, 5 ; Washlnctons 14, 19, 3. Bat
teries—Donahue and McFarland; . King and
McGuire. Umpire, Battiu. 1
; CHICAGO, ILL., July 12.— The Spiders won
to-day by a lucky bunching of hits in the fifth
inning. Attendance 12,000. Score: -' ~ >
Chicagos >2,8," 1 ; • Cleveland* 5, 10, 1. < Bat
teries—Brigga and Kittridge; Wilson and Zim
mer. Umpire, Emslie. '-;■■
• ■.-.■- — -- • - •'
Won by Default.
The Call Baseball Club journeyed across
the bay yesterday to play a match game
with the Emeralds of Oakland, at Nine
teenth and Peralta streets. Tbe Emeralds
failed to put in an appearance, and the
umpire awarded tbe game to the Calls by
a score of 9to 0. The Calls would like to
hear from any amateur team in the State,
interior teams preferred. It would also
liße to hear from Mr. Mulle of the Cali
fornias. Address all challenges to James
E. Power, 327 Bryant street, City.
WHO PUT THEM THERE ?
Two Trunk* and a Bundle Found In an
Kinpty House.
Policeman Galloway, while patrolling
his beat yesterday afternoon, happened to
look into an empty house at 1421 Howard
street and saw two large trunks and a
bundie of bedding.
The house has been empty for several
weeks and it flashed through Galloway s
miud that the trunks might contain the
plunder of burglars. The door in the rear
was opened, and, after examining the ex
terior of the trunks and the bundle, he
rang for the patrol wagon and had them
taken to the storeroom of tne City Prison
to await an owner.
Loan-soti watched. Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Uraai avenue.
MARKSMEN'S DAY
AT SHELL MOUND
Prizes, Medal and Trophies
for the Successful ;
-Riflemen;
THE COLUMBIA'S SCORES
A Lively Interest Manifested in
Revolver and Pistol
Practice.
THE GERMAN SHARPSHOOTERS.
Glindemann Carries Off the High Hon
ors—Faktor A "so Comes in
for His Share.
Light wind and atmosphere at the Shell
Mound rifle range was all that the marks
men could desire yesterday. Consequently
many good scores were made, and at dusk
all returned to their homes tired but; well
pleased with their day's sport. The ma
jority were the fine rifle-shooters, but few
military marksmen being present, as the
First Regiment is out on its summer en
campment.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
held its regular monthly medal shoot, and
there was a keen contest for flags (ones),
as several special prizes were up for the
most centers made during the past six
months. In the beginning of the year
merchandise and cash prizes were offered
to the marksman in each class making the
most inch centers on the Columbia target
during that period. Yesterday closed the
Bcores for these trophies, and the follow
ing are the winners:
Rifle— Champion class, F. 0. Young; first
class, H. Heilberg; stcond class, G. Barley.
Pistol— Champion class, J. E. Gorman; first
Class, A. B. Dorrell; second class, G. Barley
These prizes will be distributed at the next
meeting of the club, on August 7.
During the past two months there has
been an increase in the interest in 22-cali
ber rifle shooting, and several fine guns of
this style have recently appeared on the
short range. Jacobson, Carr and Hovey
are in the lead in these contests. A short
time ago Jacobson beat Carr in a fifty
shot event, and since then arrangements
have been made for a return match, which
will take place in the near future.
A free-for-all special match is also in the
wind. William Glindemann has offered
a special medal to be shot for by the lady
relatives of the members of the club, and
it is expected that the contest will be ani
mated and interesting. It is probable that
the highest score in twenty shots will take
the trophy.
At the fast meeting of the club a special
trophy and cash prizes were offered for
, heavy revolvers, six-shot scores, open to
I all comers.
Invitations are extended to the police
of Oakland and San Francisco and to the
cavalry to enter the lists. Any revolver
can be used except the 22 and the 32-44
The marksmen did not have their big
weapons out yesterday, but F. 0. Young
set the pace at 35, his bhots being 7, 7, 7, 3,
4. 7. The other pistol and rifle scores,
Columbia target, were as follows:
Pistol, champion class, ten shots— A. H. Pape
—3, 4. 7. 4, 2, 2, 4. 2, 5, 10—43 ; F. O. Young 49,
C. M. Daiss 50, J. E. Gorman 47.
First class, len allots— Dr. L. O. Rodeere— 3 7
3,2,9,5,4, 8, 7, 7-51; F. BaumKartner 53!
A. B. Dorrell 68, D. W. MeLaußhlin7B,F.Poul
ter 96.
Second class, ten shot*— F. E. Mason— 3, l2,
16,7, 4, 4, 12, 9, 2, 3-02; E. Jacobson 92, O. M.
I Barley 97, O. A. Bremer 109, F. H. Bushnell
116.
Pistol, Blanding medal, open to all comers,
three shots— A. H. Pupe 8, C. M. Daiss 9, J. E.
Gorman 9, T. O. Young 12.
22-caliber rifle, 50 yards, medal, five-shot
scores— E. Jacobson, 10. 10, 13; Ed Hovey. 11,
12, 12; Mrs. L. J. Crane, 21, 24; P. Bohr, 24;
Mrs. M. J. White 32.
Kifle, target rifle, Unfred diamond medal, 3
shots— F. O. Young 8, W. Glindemann 9, Dr.
Rodgers 16.
Military rifle, Glindemann medal, 10 shots—
F. Poulter 45.
Best shot, rifle record, 10 shots— J. UtscMg
47, Dr. Rodgers 50, McLaughlin 52, Young 56,
F. E. Mason 69.
Cnampion class, ten shots— W. Glindeman —
11, 6, 3, 6, 3, 4, 10, 6, 3, 3—55; Dr. L. R. Rod
gers 64, F. O. Young 72, D. W. McLaughlin 72,
A. H. Pape 100.
First class, ten shots— F. Baumgartner— 9, 4,
5, 11, 10. 5, 8, 7, 12. 9—80; H. R. Crane 83, A.
Gehret 83, A. B. Dorreli 85, J. E. Klein 91. F.
E. Mason 96, O. A. Bremer 114, G. SehultJ: 132.
Second class, ten shots— E. Jacobsen— l2, 14,
8, 12, 9, 7, 8. 7, 10, 19—106; J.E.Gorman 117,
G. Barley 120, F. H. Bushnell 130, L. Pingle
148.
The regular monthly shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein resulted in
two of the members becoming the perma
nent owners of two beautiful medals. W.
Glindemann for the fourth time carried
off the championship class trophy and
three top scores gave the first-class medal
to D. B. Faktor. Following are the scorse,
twenty shots, German rint; target.
Champion class, W. Glindemann— 2l, 23, 20, 21
2*2. 24. 22, 23, 22, 24, 24, 18, 23, 23. 22, 22,
19, 22, 26. TO al, 44') rings. Fim class 1). B
Faktor-16, 21, 2\>. 18, ?3, 23, 24. 24, 23, 20, 23,
'21, '23, 22, 22, 17, 24, 23, 24, 22. Total, 435. Sec
ond class not filled.
Third class, John Oefken— 2o, 23, 22, 22, 24, 20,
22, 22, 17, 19. 13, 15, 22, 19. 20, 12, 23, 2'_\ 3& '20.
Total, 899.
Fourth class, C F. Bust— 2l, 14, 13, 23, 18, 3. 6.
18, 19, 18, 23, 20, 22, 21, 23, 14, 17, 21, 22. '24.
Total, 359.
Bps first shot, F. P. Schuster, 25: best last shot,
W. Glindemann, 25.
The Germania Schuetzen Club is now
giving a second prize to each class and
the annexed are the scores and winners,
twenty shots, German ring target:
Champion class, first prize. A. Mocker— l 9, "23,
21. 18, '23, 13, 22. 17, 20, 20, 24, 23, 21, 23, 21, 23,
21, 25, i'Z, 24— 423 rings.
Second prize, D. B. Fafctor— 22, 23, 20. 21, 23,21,
19, 25, 16, 23, 22, 20, 21,20, 19, 20. 20, 20, 20, 21—
41b ring-,.
First-class, first prize. G.'Alpera— 22, 17, 24, 23,
13, '25, 18. 18, 22, 22, 19, 14. 21. 19, 20, 12, 1& 22,
20- '24-393.
Second prise, J. E. Klein— l7, 18, 20, 20, 10, 17,
13. 19, 17, 18, 22, 19,22, 18, 17,23, 20, 13, 24, 24—
371.
Second class not filled.
Third class, first prize. H. Hellberg— 22. 11, 12,
15, 21, 23. 22, 19, 26, 19, 20. 23, 24. 16, 18, 23, 21,
17, 15, 24—390.
h«cona prize, F. Bushnell— 2l, 20. 13, 17, 16, 15,
19, 13, 17, 21, 23, 11, 23, 23, 17, 19, 23, 19, 21,
22-373.
Fourth class not filled.
Besl first shot, D. B. i'aktor, 22.
Best last shot, J. K. Kleiu, '24.
The members of the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club made a day and a night of
it. In tbe daytime they held a bullseye
shoot, machine measurement of discs, and
in the evening they held their regular
monthly social at Saratoga Hall, where tne
prizes won in the contest of June 14 were
distributed. The prze-winners yesterday
were as follows:
First, H. Huber, 233% points; second, O.
I/emcke, 392y a : third. F. P. Schuster, 394y a :
fourth, A. Mocker, 580: flfth. John Befken. i,63;
sixth, W. Glindermann, 805: seventh, J. D. Helse,
842: eighth, George Alpers, 852 »/»: ninth. H. Stel-
I ng, 877: tenth, A. Meyer, 950; eleventh, G.
Schultz, 1105: twelftn, W. Moeken, 1127%: thir
teenth. W. Bruning, 1166: fourteenth, J. Thodd,
1203Va ; fifteenth, H. Heilberg, 1266%.
Annexed are the names of those who
received prizes at the distribution last
evening:
F. Rust, W. Glindemann, 8. V Ritz&u, P.
P. Schuester, J. Lankenau, J. Peters, J. H.
Schroder, J. D. Heise, H. Thode, H. Hel
berg, George Perm, J. Gefkin, H. He^th,
A. Meyer, S. Brune, H. Huber,
H. Stelling, H. Burflend, O. Lemcke, D. yon de
Mehden, D. Sehinkel, O. Schenkel, A. Mocker,
captain L. Siebe, J. de Wit, J. Tliode, W.
Morken, Mr. Bruning, G. Alpers, F. Groverman,
G. Schuiz, A. Hagedorn, G. Gronwnld, O.
echinketSr.,H. Munsler, W. Tarms.E. Stehn A
F. Meyer, E. F. Baruth, J. C. Meyer. H. Miesner,
E. Meyer, F. Kaufman, F. yon da Mehden, S. H.
Barnes, W.Tollner, A. Lunsmaun.
The regular medal shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles took place yesterday, and
the following scores were made, ten shots,
military target:
Sergeant F. M. Zeising 45. Sergeant H. Staude
Jr. 3K Sergeant P. Htadmann 39, H. Staude 39,
Dr. F. T. Bond 35, H. Joost 29, J. H. KuhlKe 37,
a Hllsz 29, E. Moenning 22, J. Stang 18, L.
Woest 17.
A number of the First Division, Naval
Battalion, were out for their monthly
medal practice, and annexed are their
scores, ten shots, military target:
X rider 20, Corliss 23, Green 30, Jost 22. Casey
SI, Kearney 37, Emenrich '.s7, Luderman 34,
Beattie 36, Smith 32. Murray 25, N'ilson 34, Cap
peiman 35, Murphy 36.
No Kisks Whatever.
A burly man, the picture of perfect
health and strength, walked into the office
of a prominent accident insurance com
pany the other day and wanted to be in
sured.
"Are you engaged in any hazardous
business?" asked the secretary.
"Not in the least," replied the applicant.
"Does your business make it necessary
to be without sleep at night?"
"No, sir."
"Would your business ever require you
to be where there were excited crowds —
for instance, at a riot or a tire? 1 '
"Never, sir."
"Is your business such as to render you
liable to injury from carriages or runaway
horses?"
"Oh, no, sir!"
"Does your business throw you in con
tact with the criminal classes?"
"Good gracious! No, sir."
"I think you are eligible. What is your
business?'
"lam a policeman." — Spare Moments.
WEW TO-OAT.
HEALtFiS A IFRTHRiGIT.
Almost One-Half of the People That Are Born Into
This World Have Lost This Birthright Through
the Errors of Parents or Ancestors.
HOW TO REMEDY THE WRONG
Through the transgressions and disre- |
gard of the physical laws which govern j
the human system one-half of the people
born into the world commence their exist-
ence hereditary wrecks, with feeble con-
stitutions, and a lack of that vitality
which is necessary to make life a success.
This class of sufferers are not responsible
for b'Mng born in this deplorable condition,
but they are simply paying the penalties
for the errors coamiU' I by parents or an-
cestors against our physical laws. While
they are not to blame for the condition in
which they come into the world, yet if
they neglect to remedy the wrong "when
the meaps of relief is within their reach
then they are not only responsible for
their own woakness but for the untold
misery and suffering of their posterity.
The other half of the people who are
born into the world come into it with per-
fect health and this greatest of all bless-
ings they retain just as lone as they obey
the laws of nature. Disease to them is a
violation of these laws and nearly all are I
transcressorB. For such trans ressions
we receive our punishment, and tne '
amount of pnnish-
D # OCTOR SWEANY,
737 Market St., Suu V rancisoo, Cal. '
raent we have to
suffer is in exact
proportion to our %
abuses of the laws
of health. When
disease first begins to
make itself manifest
by aches, pains, ner-
vousness or a dis-
ordered con lition of
one or more of the
essential organs of
tbe body, it is a
warning to ns that
we have violated
some of tbe physical
lawa, and also a call
from nature for
help. If the sum-
mons is promptly
answered and the
proper assistance
employed, health
and happiness are
again restored. But
INDIANS READY
FOR CITIZENSHIP,
Captain Dougherty's Duty
at Haupa Valley
Agency.
ANGEL ISLAND POST.
Infantry Coming to the Presidio
for Target Prac
tice.
CONTEACT FOE BAEEACKS.
Wire From Washington Acepting M
McGowan's Bid of
$74 700
Bids for constructing two additional
double brick barrack bufldnffs at tha Pre
sidio were opened on the 9th inst. at the
office of Colonel A. S. Kknball, chief quar
termaster of the department. M. Me-
Gowan's bid of $74,700 wjs found to be the
lowest. To hasten bulding operations
during favorable weath<r the bids were
telegraphed to Washington and a reply
has since been received by wire from the
quartermaster-general aithorizing the ac
ceptance of McGowan's bfcl. The contract
papers have been duly exacuted and work
will beein immediately.
Two companies of the First Infantry
from Angel Island will cune over to the
Presidio to-day and occtpy the tented
field near the eastern line of the reserva
tion, just north of the Uiion-street car
tracks. The infantrymen \iill be at target
practice during the week. The report in
army circles thai the infantry companies
now garrisoned on the island will soon be
stationed on themain land is regarded as
authentic.
Captain W. E. Dougherty, 1. 8. A., In
dian Agent at the Haupa Va\ley Agency,
Humboldt County, arrived W the City
last Saturday en route to Yellowstone
Park with his wife. Captain Dougherty's
success in governing Indians has been rec
ognized in many ways by tbe Var Depart
ment. He possesses in a remirKable de
gree the special ability required to man
age Indians, and at the same time to in
struct them in the duties and obligations
of citizenship. He has had many years'
1 experience with the tribes of tin Klamath
! River. It is hardly an exaggeration to say
that he knows every man, woman and
child of the Haupa Agency. He gave
names tc all tbe Indiani of the agency,
who had been formerly designated ac
cording to the aboriginal custom by some
peculiar trait or defect.
In bestowing names to youngsters of the
male sex he \ aye freely oi he most dis
tinguished army and navy names in Amer
ican history. Many of 'the Indian girls
were given the Christian naaes of society
belles. Many of the Indians have ac
quired property, and some have saved
money and deposited it in baric at Eureka.
Captain Dougherty is now firm in tlia
belief that the Indians of ihis agency
should no longer remain wirds of the
United States. He believes tiiat they are
capable of self-government un4»r the laws
of California. He resolved a year ago to
try the experiment, and the cbinge trom
military fo civil control is nowii progress.
The schools of the agency hwe taught
the Indiana to read, write and cioher. The
generation now assuming the duties of
citizenship is equipped as far as education
goes to carry on local government under
the general laws of California. The old
Indians of the generation passtig away
are conservative and thoughtful. They
pnderstand that the new order d things
is best for their children — that tbe family
relation as recognized by society is su
perior to the Indian tribal custom. In
due course of time elections wil! be held
for township officers and school trustees,
and the Indians elected to office T : .ll man
age public affairs in their respe<tive sub
divisions of the county.
Captain Dougherty is not anxious to
make the transition too rapidly kom one
form of government to another. The pro
cess of change, in his judgment, should be
gradual.
if neglected . or improper methods are
sought the trouble invariably ■ goes from
bad to worse, until some lingering disease
Becomes established in the system, which
may journey along with the suffer all
through life. It is an old and true saying
that "a stitch .in. time saves nine," and
this is an llent adage for sick people
to heed. When one discover! that they
are constitutionally weaK in same ■ part • ot
their organism it is their imperative duty
to peek relief by consulting some learned
and skilled physician, one who has grad-
uated from the leading and most reputable
colleges with, that . high grade of honors
which entitles him to rank as a specialist,
so that' he. : with soothing specifies, ex-
tracted from the roots, herbs and plant*
which : a bounteous nature has supplied
for the cure of the ills of her children, can
build up and i make strong . that , part of
their A organisms -which was torn down
through an abused and exhausted nature.
There- is one great .specialist } in this
country who is .steadily, and firmly
marching on. Every advancing step is
firmly made through scientific researches
which are not only through their won-
derful nnvu. ♦« J-
, — .. „.„ w vxjj.
stroy diseases as-
tonishing the medi-
cal fraternity, but
the l whole civilized
world. This great
specialist is Dr. F.
L. Sweany. a physi-
cian who is unre-
stricted by any sect,
unbound by any
code : of medical
ethics. With broad
and liberal views, a
brave heart and a
courage to v follow
his convictions, • he
uas " accomplished a
work in his. profes-
sion Dy curing the
sick which has
spread his fame from
ocean to ocean, and
his success is her-
alaed ' . throughout
the entire land."OUR FLAG SHALL
WAVE FOREVER,"
Rev. Ray Palmer Makes
a Stirring Address at
Metropolitan Hall.
TWO IDEAS OF LIBERTY.
The Speaker Contrasts the At
titudes of the Catholic and
the Protestant Churches.
WILL RALLY BOUND OLD QLOEY
Prediction That S ctional Differences
Will Aways Stop Short of
Dsserting the Flag.
Kay Palmer, who has recently returned
from Portland, where he has been engaged
as pastor of one of the Baptist churches,
addressed the Good Citizenship meeting
yesterday afternoon. His subject was
"Our Flag Shall Wave Forever."
The speaker prelaced his remarks by a
brief reference to his father, who had re
cently died, and who taught him among
his first lessons to lore the flag. "The old
flag that we love," be said, "to-day speaks
to the Old World. Our forefathers said in
times past, 'We will climb the mountain
republic" They accomplished the feat,
and now, standing upon the summit of
this beautiful mountain, that flag says to
other nations -of the world, 'Follow on.
Climb the mountain republic.' Had the
Son of God not proclaimed the golden rule
on this earth that old flag never would
have been created. That flag which floats
above us to-day is a flag of experiences.
It has stood the hail of shot and shell; it
has been bathed in the tears of wives and
sisters, and it has been baptized in the
biood of fathers and sons.
"I am glad to think to-day that the flag
has thousands of friends in this country.
All Protestant denominations are friends
of that flag, yet I wouldn't be willing to
hand that flag over io the Baptists, of
which denomination I am a member, be
cause I fear human nature. I would not
be willing to unite cnurch and state with
any denomination for fear they would
trample liberty under foot, as has been
done by Rome whenever it ha 3 obtained
sway.
"I do not mean to say that all Catholics
in this country are enemies of the flag. I
believe there are a great rnanv Catholics
in this country almost ready to break
away from tbe shackles which bind them.
1 have no feeling against the great mass of
Catholics. There is a fundamental differ
ence between the attitude of the Protestant
and of the Catholic on the subject of lib
erty of conscience. The Protestants say,
'Let every man worship Uod according to
Ms conscience.' The Catholics say, 'Let
every man worship God according to a
right conscience.' That meana worship
God according to the Roman Catholic
hierarchy.
"That flag is the flag of the whole land,
•nd all The- i/come of tlie land have that
Hag. I don't believe the time will ever
come again when the North and the
South or the East and the West will di
vide over that flag. Whatever divisions
may come the people will always rally
about the old flag and be one in its defense.
That flag stands for the sovereignty of
man. It teaches nations that in this
country every man is king and every
woman is queen. It is bound to protect
the homes of this country. It stands for
the little red ocnoolhouse. It stands for
religious liberty. It is frequently thrown
in our faces taat we are bonded together
to persecute Catholics on account of their
religion. This is untrue. If I thought
that this organization wag banded to
gether to persecute anything I would
leave this platform, never to speak of
these things again.
"This flag stand* for equality to women
as well as men. Let me say to yon that so
lone as half the citizens of this land are
deprived of their right of representation
this country never will have a government
of the people, by the people and for the
people. Oh, flag of glory, wave on. for
tuou hast not fulfilled thy mission until
woman has attained her independence and
virtue shail haTe its full reward.
"I know not what the A. P. A. as an or
ganization may, think, but as an indi
vidual I say that the nag should protect
both gold and silver upon our shores.
"Shall this old flag that waves above us
ever divide its honor with others? Shall
it float by the side of the green flag of the
Emerald Isle, or with the flae of France
or of Italy ? J»*o 1 Being the flag ol liberty
it is incompatible with any ensign thrown
to the breeze by tyranny. Or shall it ever
float side by side with the flag of ecclesias
tical power? Shall it ever be said atone
breath, 'Hail to the flag of America and
hail to the papai rag'? Never while the
biood of patriots flows in the veins of
American citizens. The American people
as they look upon that flag wil say with
Napoleon's drummer boy, 'I cannot play
a retreat, I never learned how.' I want
every man here to-day to pledge his loy
alty to the dear old flag."
The speaker then called upon every one
who loved the flag to rise and repeat after
him a pledge of fealty to it and the coun
try. All present complied amid cheers
and applause.
Chairman Quitzow announced that it
was a little premature yet to announce
what political action the "order would take.
"We will be guided by intelligence, and
will take the course that will redound to
the good of the greatest number," he
said.
Rev. Ray Palmer will occupy the plat
form for the next two Sunday afternoons.
TAILORS TO ORGANIZE,
Enthusiastic Mass-Meeting Held
Yesterday to Discuss Ways
and Means.
Shorter Hours and Increased Pay Is
the Battle Cry of the Uncrgan
izod.
A mass-meeting of the garment-workera
of San Francisco was held at 927 Mission
street yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of perfecting an organization with a view
of increasing the wages and lessening the
boars of work. While the number pres
ent was somewhat disappointing the en
thusiasm was ail that could be desired.
The meeting opened by selecting 11. L.
Knox chairman and W. Feeney secretary.
Chairman Knox briefly outlined what it
was hoped would be accomplished. "The
garment-makers need to come together,"
he said, "or our condition will grow worse
with each succeeding year. It is only
through organized labor that our rights
can be preserved." Half a dozen speakers
followed, the burden oi their remarks
being alone the lines laid down by the
chairman.
H. L. Parsons said : "The price of your
labor is being gradually cut down. The
only remedy In the world is organization.
If the tailors are dissatisfied you must
come together and find out the trouble. If
you had rather go off picnicking, then
the dissatisfaction is not very pressing.
But if you are willing to come together it
shows there is something the matter. It
is a rocky road we have to travel. There
are no carriages and the path is not
strewn with flowers. Discuss the matter
among you. Is he or she willing to see
wages cut and hours lengthened? Think
of it; talk about it, and if dissatisfipd with
your condition organize. Adopt a price
list, bo that Toic will not cut Dick and
Dick will not cut Tom."
Mr. Hawks— The History of nations
shows organization. You need it— all
laborers need it. There should be an
eleventh commandment reading, "Thou
sbalt not take thy neighbor's job."
Henry Stribacn— Tailoring 1a not fit to
work at now because it is underpaid. The
only way to overcome this is to organize
skilled labor. We do not want any bosses.
Even the Chinese in this City will not
work for the wages paid the white men.
McArthur — The attendance is large
enough to authorize garment-workers to
go ahead with a good heart. The history
of all unions is small beginnings and
large achievements. So there may be no
fear on the part of tUe garment-workers
on account of the small attendance. We
are here to organize a union— lo improve
our condition. Before we can do this we
must settle definitely in oc.r minds what
are our conditions. 1 venture you are nof
satisfied. You want shorter hours and
greater pay. To accomplish this you 1
must organize a garment-workers' union.
At the conclusion of the speech-making
it was the sense of the meeting that an
other call be issued before any active steps
were taken in the direction of organiza
tion. It is probable, therefore, that an
other meeting will be held next Sunday,
when it is thought a permanent organiza
tion will be perfected.
RELIGION AND POLITICS,
Dr. Williams Pays His Respects
to the Recent National
Conventions.
Bolting Politicians Are Given a Hard
Rap in a Quiet, Digni
fied Way.
"An Illustrious Beginning of a Great
Campaign" was the subject of Rev. Dr.
Williams' discourse at Plymouth Church
last night. Amon^ other things he said:
"America is full of men who do not
know what to do with a dollar except to
use it to get another dollar. They have no
conception that wealth is a trust. This
State is by no means the only State that
has increased in wealth. At least six other
States have surpassed us in amassing
riches. In twenty-five years the wealth
of the Nation has increased from fourteen
thousand millions to forty-four thousand
millions.
"Drawing a line from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, or rather from Jamestown to San
Diego, the increase has been mostly north j
of that line. Intersecting that line by
another from north to south, through
Omaha, and the increase has been east of
that line, with the exception of California.
This affords, in part, an interpretation of
the signiticant scenes and events of the
past w«ek. When improved machinery ;
displaces 10 per cent of the workingnien i
it enriches those who employ them, and
creates natural friction in industrial cir- {
cles. Wealthy citizens ought not to aban- I
don the ship of state to crew and passen- j
gers when she enters the rapids.
"When the regiment is in peril no brave |
commander should leave the field. Many j
of our disasters are the result of scheming, !
but when the schemer is found out he is j
liKe a dog in church whom everybody |
kicks. When the hypocrite in political I
convention is discovered, he is like a j
barrel of powder whom nobody wants for i
a neighbor.
"Nationality and religion are insepar
able. If the Jew was God's own mating,
and ii. required centuries of divine labor
for the task, vhen this Nation, from j
Plymouth Rock to Golden Gate, from Vir
gin a to Alaska, is the result o: the same j
divine hand.
"Every nation that earth has seen has
had its keynote. That of Rome was civic
power; of Greece, culture; of India, re
ligion ; of America — some would say gold.
But how came the gold in the hills of Cal
ifornia, and the coal measures in Pennsyl
vania, and the forests in Michigan and
Wisconsin? God created all these things
and laid them up /or all the people, and
has solemnly inscribed over all, 'The earth
is the Lord's and the fullness thereof.'
"The whole civilized world divides soci
ety into thtee horizontal sections — upper,
middle, lower. God divides the world by
a vertical line — upon tuis side the right,
upon that tne wrong.
"By reason of dividing this people by
horizontal sections we are now entering
upon what is at once a most illustrious and
solemnly serious campaign. We are all
brothers— Cains or Abels— -advancing the
welfare of others or destroying their hopes.
Lazarus t c vulgar may become the Laza
rus of despair through the inhumanity of
man to his fellow. Human life is short;
God's work is complex and continuous.
We should show the design of his will lo
the voice of tbe people.' 1
PARALYZED WITH DRINK,
Disgraceful Sight Witnessed on
Fourth Street Yesterday
Afternoon.
Willie Boyle, Twelve Years of Age,
Was Stupidly Drank and Was
Taken to the Hospital.
A disgraretul sight was witnessed on
Fourth Btreet, near Brannan, between 4
and 5 o'clock, yesterday afternoon.
Two boys were leadine another boy
home who was stupidly drunk. Police
man Mitchell saw the trio, and thought at
first they were playing "policeman." rie
watched them and saw thai the boy in the
center had a peculiarly vacant look in his
face. He walked toward them, and the
two boys released their hold of the other
and ran. As soon as they released their
bold the boy dropped to the sidewalk.
Mitchell recounizcd the boy as Willie
Boyle. 12 years of age, whose parents live
on Welsh street, between Fourth and
Fifth. He tried to rouse him, but failed.
He then smelied his breath, and there was
an unmistakable odor of liquor.
Mitchell decided not to take any chances
and rang for the patrol wagon and accom
panied the boy to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Thompson confirmed Mitchell's sus
picions and the usual remedies were ad
ministered. The drunken boy remained
unconscious and was in every sense of the
teem "dead to the world." He was put to
bed, and when he regains consciousness
the police will endeavor to find from him
where he got the liquor that made him so
drunk.
Policeman Mitchell will in the mean
time make inquiry among the saloons in the
neighborhood, and if the saloon-keeper is
known he will be promptly arrested for
selling liquor to a minor.
The famous suspension bridge at Niag
ara Falls, built 1855, is to be superseded
by a new steel structure, with an arch 550
feet long and 260 feet above the water
level.
THE SAX FItAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1890.
ACTIVE MEN IN
THE FORTY-FIRST
Transformation of "Distil
lery " and Cow
Hollow.
TO HAVE A DRILL CORPS
Men of Modern Ideas, Who
Believe in Decent
Politics.
PROTECTION COMES FIRST.
They Take Great Pride in Their
Local Organiza
tion.
The Forty-first Assembly District was, a
few years ago, a waste of sand dunes and
barren hillsides, and was a rendezvous for
consumptive cows, driven there to be fed
Officers of the Forty-first Assembly District Republican Club.
on the swill of the North Beach distiller
ies. But time has worked wonderful
changes not only in conformation of the
country, but also in its people.
Until the last ten years this locality was
known as "Cow Hollow," and two or three
polling precincts were suQcient to accom
modate the few Democratic residents who
resided down there.
While this territory was partly in the
Twelfth Ward no candidate ever thought
it worth his while to risk his neck and a
few dollars in search of votes.
Now, however, the place is peopled with
steady, conservative voters, a large per
centage of whom are young men. It is of
these young men that the Forty-first Dis
trict Republican Club is composed.
The principal leader, however, of this
section is that oid Republican. E. J. Wilk
inson, whose political education was ac
quired in Pennsylvania. This leader of
young men was one of the first substantial
residents who settled on the shoreline of
"Distillery" Valley and sowed the seed of
Republicanism on tne sandhills of that
bleak spot.
To him the youthful men looked, and
when they arrived at man's age it was no
difficult matter to assist them in the
organization of well conducted Republican
clubs, such as the one now in full cam
paign working order at Tilton's Hall, on
Union street.
This club is known as the Ynung Men's
Republican Club of the Forty-first Assem
bly District.
The club will have a uniform corps for
parade purposes, and as an incentive to all
young men in the district to atliiiaie with
the organization. It has a membership of
300, with a prospect of twice this number
before the first of next month. At the last
meeting held it was unanimously agreed
that tne founder of the club and the lead
ing spirit of the district, E.J.Wilkinson,
should be selected aa the additional
County Committeeman from the district.
The following are the names of the offi
cers of the club: Joseph W. Woods, presi
dent; Edward W. Btansbury, vice-presi
dent; Charles W. Wilkinson, secretary;
E. J. Wilkinson, treasurer; Thomas W.
Roiette. sergeant-at-arms; executive com
mittee — Robert L. Clark (chairman),
Charles Burdette, PeterV. Smedes Thomas
W. Roiette, Edward W. Stansbury, H.
Gerlach, vVilliam R. Nixon.
BO WEN'S CHANCES GOOD.
He May K « the Next Pastor of tbe First
Swedenborgian Church.
The First Sweden borglan Church on
O'Farrell street is still without a pastor,
this office having been vacant since the
resignation of the Rev. Mr. Higgins some
two months ago.
The congregation listen to a different
clergyman almost every Sunday, but is
not in any hurry to make a final and per
manent choice of a spiritual leader.
The Rev. D. V. Bowen of Ontario,
Canada, but more recently of Southern
California, preached in tbe pulpit yester
day and made an exceedingly favorable
impression. He will preacu * there also
next Sunday. Mr. Bowen is simply visit
ing the City and was invited to occupy the
pnlpit yesterday. I* the rumors from the
circle of the church be correct regarding
the already cene-rai popularity of Mr.
Bowen, and if he should accept the pre
cipitation of this feeling in the form of a
pastorship, he will most probably ba the
future leader of that church.
BECKER AND CREGAN.
Captain Lees in Receipt of Many Con
gratulations Upon Their Con
viction.
The conviction of Becker and Cregan for
the forgery last December on the Nevada
Bank has given great satisfaction to the
heads of the Police Department, and Cap
tain Lees, who, with the able assistance of
Detective Seymour, worked up the case,
has been in receipt of many cougratuia
tions.
Captain Lees Saturday night received a
dispatch from William A. Pmkerton
of Chicago as follows: "A great vic
tory has been achieved in the conviction
of the mo?t dangerous pair of professional
criminals in this world. Accept my con
gratulations." He also received the fol
lowing dispatch from Robert A. Pinker
ton, Sheepshead Bay : "Accept my sin
cere congratulations on tbe conviction of
the greatest former of the age. The banks
of tbe world owe you and the Police De
partment and Prosecuting Attorney a debt
they can never pay. It's a great victory."
Yesterday the captain received the fol
lowing dispatch from Joseph C. Hendrix,
chairman of the Executive Council of the
American Bankers' Association, New
York: ''In behalf" of the bankers of the
"United States I be* most heartily to con
gratulate you upon the conviction of the
most notorious forgers of the United
States."
Becker and Cregan will appear for sen
tence before Judge Wallace tln3 raorniu?,
but it is expected that notice of appeal to
the Supreme Court will be given by their
attorney.
CONTAGIOUS DISEASES,
How to Prevent Their Spread
Among Public School
Children.
Dr. C. A Clinton's Valuable Sanitary
Suggestions— Ccn ;umptive
Cases, Etc.
There is no other topic just now which
is engaging such close attention upon the
part of the authorities as the sanitary con
dition of our public schools. The Board
of Health and the Boaid of Education are
earnestly co-operating lor the preserva
tion of the health of tne pupils and
teachers, and the improvement ot the
schoolhouses.
A change was recently made by the
Board of Education in the rule concern
ing contagious diseases. lt/sras generally
misunderstood by both parents and
teachers, and will be revised at the next
session of the directors. '.
"The drinking-cups and towels; so pro
miscuously used in our crowded primary
and grammar schools," said Dr. C. A.
Clinton, "are the main cause of the spread
of contagious diseases . in the department.
I shall suggest that as a remedial measure
each pupil be required to bring with; him
to school his .own drinking-cup, also that
the use of towels,. by everybody , l in yards
and classrooms be prohibited.
" "Consumption is a contagious disease
and it is the natural duty of physicians
and Bchool Directors tc take every possi
ble : precaution against . its '' introduction
and spread in the public schools. It is a
mistake, though, for the people to think
that we exclude from school either teach
ers or pupils ;in '-: whose • residences I there
may be consumption.:. Such would be the
course relative to smallpox, cholera, scar
let fever, diphtheria, .whooping cough, r
sore eyes, etc., ; but not ■ in . cases of con
sumption unless. the pupil or teacher be
personally afflicted. .
"At the last session of the" Rules Com
mittee this rule anout contagious diseases
was referred to me for revision. The old
rule was vague and unsatisfactory, since it
did not enumerate the diseases : classed as
contagious.
- . : "While children afflicted with consump
tion, sore eyes," etc., snould be excluded
from the schools until all the danger :• is
passed, there "• is *no ■: just : reason -i why un
afflicted children living in the same houses
where these diseases exist should be so ex
cluded. At the next session of the direc
tors, I shall offer the requisite amend
ments." '■•■: . . -. '_'- ; : " ■..-•V'.'.".'-'. ■" "■:/.
• — « — .
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 10 Grunt » veuuu. T
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
The Center Market Property
Finally Leased to D.
Samuels.
THE TEEMS CF THE LEASE.
Last Week the Most Quiet of the
Year — Auction Sales An
nounced.
;• The real estate market has had many
.drawbacks to contend with the past year
or two and it looks as if the end was not
yet reached. A prospective hieh tax rate
was the greatest menace a few weeks ago,
but ; that was overcome, and now come
the Assessor with what is considered an
arbitrary and uncalled-for increase in tax
able valuations of real estate lo the amount
of nearly $12,000,000. It is the opinion
that this gentleman has not had occasion
to visit the various real estate offices in the
City this year or he would have learned
long ago that values have depreciated ma
terially within the past year, and that, in
stead of any increase in the assessed val
ues of real estate, it would have been more
in keeping with existing conditions to
have reduced the assessed taxable valuation.
Many specific instances of exceedingly unjust
assessments could cited, and it Is believed
that the Assessor, if called upon to justify his
actions in the premises, would have a pretty
hard time in setting up the shadow of a de
fense.
Brokers claim that real en'ate has been com
pelled (o bear an unjust share of the burdens
of taxation for. the past year and unless the
Board of Supervisors, acting as a Board of
Equalization, will undo the work of the As
sessor, many property owners will find but
little difference in the amounts of their taxes
between this year and last. Assessing prop
erty at $2000 and making a tax rate of 2% and
assessing the same property at $2500 with a
tax rate of 1?^ comes pretty near being a stand
oft, and if the Assessor's valuation is permitted
to stand property owners will be nearly or
quite as bndly off as they were the past year.
Last week was the quietest one of the year,
as the records will shew. Two holidays within
a week, coupled with the fact that many peo
ple are at present absent from the City on va
cations, accounts nminly for the few transac
tions recorded during the week.
REVIEW OF THE BECOItr*.
There were eighty-three transfers recorded
last week.
Sixty-seven mortgages, aggregating $157,
-057. were recorded during the week. But two
wen for amounts exceeding $10,000. They
were: V;
By the Union Trust Company, $ 25,000 for one
year at 6V 2 P< r cent, on property on the south
line of Post street, 137:6 fe<»t east of Stockton,
e*st 43:10 by south 120: and by the Hihernla
vines and Loan Society for one year at By? per
c?nt, $20,000 on property at the soathea.«t corner
of Battery and California streets, south 35:9. past
76:6%, south 2:6V£. east 2 :2a/^, south 15:8. east
6 inched, south 9:2, east 5, south 7:8. west 2:s' !>,
south 14:8. east 2:4, south 8«. Inches, east 24,
south 18:0y 2 . east 5:1, south 2:6%, east 5:9,
south 30, east 18:6, north 137:6, and west 137:0.
There were forty-nine releases, aggregating
$14.0,756, recorded during the pest week.
They were all for small amounts, the highest
being $COOO.
Fifteen buildirg contracts calling fora total
expenditure of $81,228 were recorded last
week. The particulars of each contract were,
as usual, published in The Call at the time
of filing.
THE CKNTER MARKET LEASED.
After much negotiating D. Samuels, proprie
tor of the Lace House, has come to an under
standing with Mrs. Alice I'helan Sullivan,
owner of the Center Market, and last Saturday
a lease was signed by the terras of which Nfr.
Samuels will, the Ist of next February, be
come a tenant of what is now known as the
Center Market property,, at the corner of
Suiter street and Grant k venue. : ; '..
Many proposltions and counter propositions
were made before a final understanding whs
reached. The lease is for a term of five years
with the, privilege of five more, the monthly
rental being $1200.
' By the terms of the lease extensive altera
tions are to be : mud c that will cost, it is esti
mated, about $40,000. The entire ground
floor is to be remodeled. The brick walls are
to be replaced by steel beams and girders, new
floor!! and woodwork are to be put in and the
entire interior is to be newly lathed and plas
tered. The entire frontage is to be encased in
plate glass and mil be when completed one of
the handsomest more fronts in the city. The
basement is nlso to be thoroughly renovated,
while the upper floor Is to be divided up into
office rooms. .
Mr. Samuels' store will have a frontage of
137}£ feet on Grunt avenue and 100 feet on
Sutler street. He will also occupy the base
ment. This will, it is said, give him the
largest floor. space of any exclusive dry-goods
house in the City. The remaining 90 feet of
the butter-street frontage will be divided into
three stores. These stores and the offices on
the second floor will be rented by the owner,
as Mr. Simiiel's lease is merely lor the portion
of the building he is to occupy. The altera
tions will be completed January 1 and the
new tenant will take possession the Ist of Feb
ruary. A. J. Rich & Co. acted as brokers in ne
gotiating the lease.
MISCELLAKEOUS NOTES.
Bovee, Toy <t Sontag have sold to W. A.
Schultz, for F. E. Buchanan, the three-story
building, consisting: of a store and two flats,
with lot 20x60, at 232 O'Farrell street. The
consideration \vassls.OOO. Other recent sales
made by the same firm aie as follows: A new
residence on the east line of Webster Btreet, 55
feet south of Green, size of lot 27:6x90, for
$12,000: a house of nine rooms on the cast
line of Devisad.ro street, 109:6 south of Eddy,
for $8200. lot 26x100; a bouse of six rooms
and lot, 25x93, on the south line of Green
street, 50 feet east of Larkiu , for $4750, and a
lot 25xl'J0, on the west line of Tenth avenue,
275 ieet north of California, for $800.
sb.ain.wald, Buckbee & Co. will hold a pro
bate and miscellnDeous auction sale on Thurs
day. July 23. The properties to be offered at
probate sale include those of the estates of
Timothy J. Giblin, W. H. Churchill, Mary T.
Thompson and Patrick Cummins. Embraced
in these offerings is property at the southeast
corner of Clay and Leavenworth streets, the
northwest Corner of Uaigbt and Broderiek and
ihe southeast corner of Mission and Twenty
second streets, as well as several inside par
cels. The miscellaneous li«t comprises the lot
and brick building at 704 Sansome street,
property on Natom* and Mason streets, the
northeast corner of Clay street and Central
avenue and adjacent pieces aud .Richmond
building lots.
Jacob Heyman reports the sale of a lot on
the corner of Douelas and Twenty-third
streets (or $1500; also a lot on the north side
of Elizabeth street, 200 leet west of Hoffman
avenue, for $750.
Next Satuiday, the 18th inst., Eastern, Eld
ridge & Co. will offer at auction for W. J. Din
gee of Oakland a miscellaneous list of im
proved and unimproved business and Tesi
dence property In Oakland. The catalogue is
as follows: Iwo business lots on San Pablo
avenue, near Twenty-third street; one im
proved and two unimproved business lots on
Seventh street, near Wood: one-acre lot on
Twenty-third street, near Shu Pablo avenue;
four boulevard terrace lots, 50x107 each;
building lot on Franklin street, near Delger,
50x150; a modern house of eight rooms and
bath, situate corner Ninth and Peralia streets,
lot 50x100; cottage home on Tenth street,
near Center, six rooms and bath, lot 36x120;
three residence lots on Adeline street, between
Eighth and Tenth; six building lots on East
Twvntj'-foiirth street, near Eleventh avenue,
30x100 each; three lots corner Second and
Brush streets; and two lots iv the Clinton
Mound Tract, East Oakland.
There Is a great deal of inquiry in regard to
the town of Fitchburg, across the bay, and a
number of sales of lots have been made there
recently. The owners of the_ tract say that
"Fitchburg is the most promising suburb on
the direct line of up-to-date public and private
Improvements in the vicinity of Oakland. It
is a business center by natural location. Its
railway lines now operating, deep-water trans
portation for freight by Damon's line of fast
eaillnsr vessels on Oakland Harbor, and the ex
cellent county roads leading to It, are incon
testible proofs. It is regularly laid out Into
blocks and lots bounded by wide streets,
graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves."
The lots are 25 and 50 feet front and from
100 to 200 feet deep. The terms are 10 per
cent cash and tbe balance on easy. payments.
Prices range from $125 per lot upward. De
tails in regard to this property can be obtained
from W. F. McClure at 19 Montgomery street,
or of Thad S. Fitch at Fitchburg.
\V. B. Easton, general agent for George W.
Haight'* Alta Punta tract near Berkeley, re
ports the sale of five acres at $300 per acre,
and several smaller sales, all at pood prices.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., nave just fin
ished the purchase of two lots on Morton
street for Vlttorlo Meneslni, who is also the
owner of a lot on the south line of Post street,
137:6 feet east of Stockton, on which the
Meaesini building stands. Oue of the lots ou J
Morton street was bought from the Hobart es
tate, and the , other from John Smith. The
purchase now gives Mr. Menesini a rectangu
lar lot 45:10x120 feet, fronting on both Post
and Morton streets. The price is private, but
is understood to-be in the neighborhood of
$20,000. Julien Smith -co-operated with
Shaiuvvald, Buckbee & Co.'on the sale of the
Smith property. ' The Menesini property ad
joins the Hobart property, on which, a hand
some new stone building is now being erected.
The ground floor of the Post-street front is
now occupied by the uptown r retail depart
ment of the H. S. Crocker Company.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the following, re
cent sales: ..-;.'.
. Improvements and lot 60x92:6. southwest cor
ner Guerrero and Liberty streets, $7500: Improve
ments at 200*2 ("olden Gate avenue, and lot 3Ox 100,
$3iOO: improvements st 1130 Ureen street and lot
::Hxl3T:ti; tmpiovements at 122 ban Jose avenue,
three flats and lot '25x91, $3650; lot 160x214 and
168 on the west- line of Mission road and Porter
avenne, 80 feet south of Naglee avenue: Improve
ments at 908 and 910 Geary street, and lot 30x80,
♦8450: ■ Improvements at 030 Pacific street,
and lot 20x6b:9: improvements . and lot 27:6
xBO on the. northwest corner of Fulton
and Webster street*/ 18100* lot 25x125 on the
east line of Dolores street, ICO feet norm of Twen
ty-tilth street, $1675; Improvements at 1224 Val
lejo street and lot 25x137:6. *1600: Improve
ments at 7 Middle street and lot 25x89. $lb6U:
lot 2b :10.x 1 14 on the north line of Elizabeth street,
234 :'J west of astro, $1025; :o , on the west line
of Brlchi street, 150 feet south of Randolph, 25x
100. $285; improvements and lot 60x100 on the
i-uutlu us- corner of Dwight and Yale streets, Uni
versity Mound. 26x100, $500" lot 25x100 on the
northeast line." of Nineteenth avenue, 76 : feet
northwest of L street, $250: Improvements Hi 15
John street and lot 22:9x61:-', *3100.
NO B ONES BROKEN.
A Little Girl Falls Out of a. Two-Story
"Window.
A. Lonshen, a pretty girl 5 years of ape,
living with her parents at 26 Welsh street,
had a narrow escape from death yesterday
afternoon. •
Her parents live on the second story and
she was playing in the kitchen in the rear.
The window was wide open, and as she
mp.de a run toward it she was unable to
stop quick enough and shot through it.
She fell a distance of about twenty feet
upon a pile of kindling wood and rolled to
the ground. Her parents ran downstairs
expecting to find her mangled be.dv, but
beyond being somewhat dazed from the
fall she appeared to be all right. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and Dr.
Thompson, after examining her. could
tind no bones broken. Site was detained,
however, as it was thought sbe might have
been injured internally.
Dislocated Her Jaws.
Mrs. Dennis, an old lady 75 years of age,
living at 375 Jessie street, had an unpleasant
experience yesterday morning. She had jitft
got out or be-1 and was yawning, when lo her
horror she lound she could not close her
moutn. She had dislocated her jaws. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, and Dr.
Bunnell, after administering chloroform, suc
ceeded in getting her jaws in working order
again, she said she would be more careful tto
future when ahe yawned.
SEW TO-DAY.
Manly Power.
The Strength, Activity and Brain
Power of Manhood Are Re-
stored to Weak Men Who Use
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. ;
iV-l/ *Dr Sandens c^Spjj
Every Belt has cS^vfe. '* ' las a P*t-
■n Electric Mis- irJ5 ivS. ent . Regulator
pensory free for .^Si- ,V|~ for makine the
men who are ~%*,'s3z? current mild or
weak. • ' -'*4.><-' strong.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is
to-day the acknowledged means
of recovering the power of man-
hood. It fills the nerves with
new life ; it increases the brain
power, . and removes all the
weakening effects of early indis-
cretions, excesses, etc. ; in fact,
it restores all power of manhood.
"I am a laboring man and for many years
was a sufterer from seminal weakness,
•which debilitated me to agreatextent. and
up to the time I bought your Bell I as fo
weak that on many occasions I would have
to pive up my work. I wore the Belt con-
tinuously at night for. three month-, and
at the end of that time I was well and
strong. I cannot say too much in praise
of your Belt and do not intend to port with
mine the rest of my life. It will make any
man rest well." P. H. GALE, Indio. Cal.
Are You Weak?
It will cure Nervous Debility
in any form, for Electricity is
the life of the nerves and makes
them strong. It checks all waste
of power in two weeks. It cures
all kidney and bladder troubles,
rheumatism, lame back, etc.
Send for book with full infor-
mation, free. Address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street. San Francisco, .
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office boars; a a. m. to
8:30 p. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited. .
■■■: ■ •■*■'; OFFICK3 AT: -.;■. ■■.;■:. J-.'-
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I ' PORTLAND, OR.,
204 South Broadway. | 253 Washington street.
[LiISPERRiMS'I
\ - SIGNATURE <^5^ \
h /*Y J**S IS nOW rT^r* ' '-"'"'' fr***- _?_-J**^' dI V Zs
■CA^ C-""; printed in }
\ BLUE, diagonally . ;^^®^ -. «w |
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of ©
f oM^ggnH|^«BßpgHßßannHßH^aHlßl9BninißH J
' Tbe Original and; Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- f
> ■.-.■■:•■ tection against all imitations. \
I Agents for the United States, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS U N. Y. «
"USE THE MEANS AND HEAVEN WILL GIVE
, YOU THE BLESSING." NEVER NEGLECT
A USEFUL ARTICLE LIKE
SAPOLIO
HEW TO-DAY.
HOMEOPATHic
REMEDIES
INDORSED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC.
Munyon's Rheumatism Care seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all ■ forms of ; indigestion and . stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops couzhs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the luni."*. - Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Muuyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of t>iies. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women. iy : .
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price, $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never faiL
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price 25c— cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price. 155 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price. $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
dni"trists, mostly 25c a vial. . .
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
r ff^ ppr _£
" 400 and 402 KIGHTH ST .OAKLAND.
Easton/Eldrldge & Co., 638 Market 5t.,3. F.
Illiiilll
; — —OF— -:>{_.
Oakland Improved; and Unimproved
; Business and Residence
; Property. v
SATURDAY. JULY 18, 1895,
At 2 o'Clock P. 31. ait Salesrooms,
400 and 462 ■ Eighth Street, Oakland.
V ■- ■: '• - .' ■ ■• ■ . . - .
TWO FINE BUSINESS LOTS on ban Pable aye.,
- ■ near Twi-ntv-third 8"..
ONE IMPROVED AND TWO IMPROVED
BUSINESS lots on Seventh st., near Wood.
OXK-Ai RE LOT on Twenty-third St., near San
. , Pahlo aye.
FOUR SWERB BOULEVARD TERRACE
• LOTS, 50x107 «>acn: easy terms.
CHOICE BUIl.l'INt; LOT on Franklin st., near
Deleer: f>ox!so: e'sy terms.
A NIUK Moi.K.iN :'H!>l"-K of 8 rooms and bath,
: - situate cor. Ninth and Peralta .st?; lot 50x100;
half cash.
PRKTTY COTTAGK HOME 0:1 Tenth St., near
Oenter; 6 rooms and bath; lot 3(5x120; 1/3 cash,
i THKEK -SIGHTLY KK-IIiKM LOIB on
Adeline st., bet. Kighth »nd Tenth.
SIX BUiLDINO LOTS on Kast Twenty-fourth
si., nr. Eleventh aye: 30x100 each: ens 1 -' terms.
THREE C ,OICE LOTS cor. Heconl and Brush
sts.; must be sola.
TWO LOTS in the Clinton Mound Tract, East
Oakland. '"'■''.""
tfg~ Don't fail to secure Catalogue and see prop-
erty b«.ore day of sale. .
WnXIAM J. DINGKE,
Keal Estate Auctioneer. 460-463 Kighth
Street. Oakland.
VflfPl II f«»
'■:■-■■ ''H/MMR- ■
IS THE VERY KEaV U.\E TO KXAMtSB
your eyes and lit tnetc to Spectacles and Kjra-
glasses with instruments ' of bis own in ventioo,
j whosesaperiority has not beoa equaled, Us SiW
Msshaa been due to the menu w my wor*.
Oliice iiours— to 4 V. it. ' -
* ?-*4tlKo?^e*J[*nM ■ B'" O is a non-poisonous
*sV^^^*^^^&»&f ! l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
mr%r^' r!VV TMi Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
jf^Hy In Ito i Jays.\fl Whites, unnatural: dia-
mSQSSF Gn»r»nitod \M charges, or any inrlamma-
fSf not to stricture. tioa, irritation or ulceru-
J^j^|Pre7enu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
f?E%THEEvAHS CHCMitttiOo. branes. Non-astringent.
VfIkciNCINNATI.O Mgl Sold b - v 2>rapciJitC,
USA >BBP or Bent in P' 3 ' 11 wr-ipper,
MBS^ ' .7 '.^fii| by express, prepaid, for
<J^£tGnim*&Z&M $1.00, or 3 Pottles, ?2.7\
*»**a&!r%Z&PZ>' v Circular sent or. - w«t.'
Baj a California
Damiana Bitters
If a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonte for tits'
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and %
great remedy tor diseases ol tbo kidneys anl blai-
■ tier. A greai Restorative, Invigoratorand Nerviu*
Sells on its ■ own - Merits— uo ■ long-winded te«u<
mouials necessary. .;.-.- ■
NABakKf .<%.L.b*3 & BKI'SK, Agents,
I 823 Market St.," S. • I ".— tli«Wl tot Circular.
910
9OH|ffiiro&nto!l
Order of the Eastern Star.
Grand Patron Merritt is spending his vaca
tion in the northern mountains of the State
and trying his luck at fishing.
Golden Gate Chapter will install its officers
on Thursdny next. Some time in August this
chapter will give an entertainment, and a
numDcr of gamei will bo offored for the amuse
ment of those who will attend.
The Grand Chapter will meet next October.
It is expected tliat the worthy grand ma
tro:i. Mrs. Carrie Louisa Peaslee of Pasadena,
will visit this City during the current month.
Pine? Azalea Chapter moved from Campo
Seco to San Andreas it lias taken on new life,
and Is rapidly increasing in membership. At
a recent meeting seventeen candidates were
initiated and eight applications were presented
to the secretary. The meeting was a largely
attended one, and there were visitors from
Angels Camp and other points.
Independent Order of Odd Fellow*.
Grand Master Warhoys will visit lodges as fol
lows: Redding No. 271, July 15; Mlllville No. 141,
16; Fall River No. 304. 18: Rig Valley No. 286, at
Bieber, 20: Adln No 273.31; Morllla No. 291, at
Fort Bidwell, 23: CedHrville No. 249, 24; Modoc
No. 278. a' Alturas, 25; Silver Star No. 135, at Su
sanvll'e. 27: Hnn«v Lake No. 223, at Janesv;lle.
V 8: Mohawk No. 229. at .lohnsvill", 29: Plurnas
No. 88. at Qtiincy, 30: Indian Valley No. 136, at
Tavlorvlile, 31 Greenville No. 252, August 1: Al
turas No. 80. at La Porte, 3.
Last Tuesday the grand master paid in official
visit to Semi-Tropic Lodge. On the 3d of the month
he. in company with Grand Secretary Shaw, paid
an official visit to EastsWe Lodge. On the follow
ing dxy they instituted Hofer Lodge «t Los Ange
les, which is to work in the German language. This
lodre, which was instituted with thirty-four char
ter members, held a second meeting on th c day of
the institution and Initiated nineteen candidates.
During the afternoon the grand lodge was opened
and the grand lodge degree was conferred upon
sixteen past noble grand
While in that section of the country the grand
master and grand secretary paid a visit to Good
will Lodge. "
Presidio Lodge publicly installed its officers last
Thnrsdav, District Deputy J. F. Nichols being the
installing officer.' There was a fine literary and
musical programme after the installation and A.
P. Black, assistant district attorney, delivered the
principal address.
At the next meeting of the trustees of the Odd
Fellows' Home the proposition to add a number of
rooms to the home, build a hospital and do other
work, which has heroine necessary, will be dis
cussed and no doubt he acted upon.
The officers of Pacific Lodge were Installed last
Thursday night, the following night the officers of
Sareent and of Ophlr Lodge were installed and to
morrow night Parker Lodge will install Its offi
cers. -;.?.'•
The Rebek»h«.
Last Friday Grand President Warboys, while in
I os A nee!, s. paid a visit to Edelweiss Lodge, and
during the stay of the grand master and those who
assisted him in holding the. Grand Lodire session
they were entertained at a banquet by the mem
bers of Edelweiss.
Od the occasion of the visit of Grand President
Mrs. M. Greenwood to Rising Star Lodge in Sacra
mento on the 2d of July the lodgeroom was hand
somely decorated, showing the eood tiisteoftb"
members During the evening there was a grand
literary and musical entertainment under the di
rection of George B. Katzenstein. who was the
master of ceremonies. At a sumptuous banquet
which followed a few pleasant boars were spent.
Mrs. Wolf, one of the trustees of the Orphans'
Homo, wan a prominent trnest.
On the 3d of July the officers of Kalnbow Lodge
were Installed. . .
The -rand president paid visits to lodees as fol
lows during the past week: Monday. Brooklyn
Lodte In Kast Oakland, where Grand Treasurer
Anna J. Llese and Grand Secretary M. K. Doioho
were present: Tuesday she visited Atwit Invidia
Lodge at Oakland: Wednesday. Oriental Lodge In
this City, at which the grand secretary was pres
en. as was also Grand Secretary George T. Shaw.
She also visited Aureola Lodge in Oakland and in
stalled the officers. There was a large gathering
and a banquet followed the ceremony. On Satur
day- she v sited sunset Lodt.^ in Oakland and was
accompanied by the grand secretary.
Ancient Order Unite<t Workmen.
Reports received up to date from the session of
the Supreme Lodge show that the legislation had
Is: Providing that members may be admitted as
non-beneficial over the age of 45 year*: that the
age limit. at entering has been fixed at 18 years;
that graded or classified assessments have be
come a feat re and any Grand Lodge may chin ire
from the level to the graded assessment;' and the
supreme Lodge claims the ri?ht to order a chance
and a I jurisdictions r.ceivin? relief in 1896
whose maximum is now twenty-four or over
must adon: the graded assessment rate to obtain
future relief.
Authorizes the collection or a surplus fund by
separate beneficiary jurisdictions.
The r -lief law for 1896 remains as at present.
After 1896 the jurisdictions are placed on a uni
form basis equal to twelve assessments annually
of 24 in all before relief may be extended. Every
beneficial member Is liable for an equal assess
men' for relief, the maximum not to exceed $3 in
any one year. .
_ The foi owing classified assessment rates have
been adopted as the rates to be paid by members
of the supreme Lodee beneficiary jurisdiction on
and after July 1, 1896:
ASSESSMENT BATES.
*«f* . $1000 »200(»
},l to2 4 •• $0 60 $120
so" IS &■:-;::::: ::::::. ;:;;;:::;;. ::; • % \ll
«J°39 8: < tee
401044 10 1 2,)2
<3<° I? • •• — • :131 .2 62
s°t°s4 • 178 3- 6
55 and over 178 355
These rates are to be applied to all members at
their attained ages at the time the rates *re put
into deration in any jurisdiction, the members to
advance from the lower group to the next higher
rroup. the advance to be made on the Ist day of
January of each year, on the basis of the attained
ages of the member* at that date. .
All Grand Lodge separate beneficiary jurisdic
tions that have received relief under the pro
visions of the relief law for the years 1894 aDd 1895
sna i! recelve elief under said law lor the year
1896, whose maximum Is now twenty-four or over
SllLfaft^t'lle'v&lSe 11 C ° DAM ° D PreCedent^
m^nTsin^-'nVaZ^p-rov^h^a^ 11 i°' *"***■
."inJ? expre.,»ly declared that all Grand lodges
adopting Ibis classified assessment plan do so with
the express understanding that such plan may be
changed oy this supreme Lodge and all members
joining under this pian and the old-members to
whom the same Is made to epply lold th?ir mem°
bfrsblp with the express understanding that such
Plan ma/ be changed, altered or amended at the
pleasure of. this Supreme Lodge, and in case of
new members this shall be expressed In^heTpVu
cation for the beneficiary certificate PP
There were al co changes in the "law at to the
****,? of - l . he Su me Lodge, the surplus fund
and the relief law. There has been a slight change
rUual's BeCr W ' - Wlll 11 " te<l In the
Massachusetts, one of the most advanced and
prosperous jurisdictions of the order b~lievin.'
that 1 he adoption of the graded or classified assess
ments were for the good of the entire order voted
In favor of : the change. , When the proposed
change was tbe subject of discussion beiore the
beneficial commission that met In Meadvllle
Pa., a report was heard from one of the best ac'.u-'
aries in the United States," and then it was decided
to present to, the supreme Lodge carefully pre
pared figures based 00 science and ■ mathematics,
and a plan whlcb, it Is claimed, when put Into on
eration In the non-prosperous jurisdictions the
applications for relief will be very few cr small
; some time ago the jurisdiction or Wisconsin was
an applicant for relief. The board refused to recog
nize the claims on the ground that nnder the law
the lodges to which the deceased members had
belonged _ had suspendel - themselves by ne
wect of duty, and In that wiy deprived their
V\ : '_._ ' _'[ FINANCIAL. '
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
VV H BHLOCK & CO.,
4. Lelcleeclorff St. ' Tel. Main 1954
. BKAKCH riPFICB
623 Market, BC, Palace Hotel. ■- Tel Main 6828
-, J. S. I'IKDV, Manager. ;™ /*
Orders instantly executed on latest . market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank. a. F?
CaiCAWU eiilVJLlk. VfULH. AiitW YORK.
members of the benefits of the order. The board
In this matter was sustained by the Supreme
sixty-eight applications were received In the jur
isdiction of California during the month of June.
It is expected that Grand' Recorder David S.
Hlrshherg will re. urn from the .East on ; the lath
Valley Lodge will, on the evening of the 29th
mst., give an entertainment, literary and musical,
in its hall.
Next Friday evening the lodges at District No. 6
will give an entertainment anc dance in Franklin
Hall on Fillmore street.
Past Grand Master Workman W. H. Barnes ad
dressed a large meeting of workmen In Lowell,
Mass., on June 20. He will return to this City this
week.
Six members of the order were killed by the cy
clone that passed over St. Louis- .
During a period of ten years that Supreme Mas
ter Workman J. G. Tate was Brand master of the
jurisdiction of Nebraska that jurisdiction increased
in membership from two totwentv thousand.
The following named recently elected officers of
Franklin Lodge were Installed last Friday night
by District Deputy Curtis: G. W. Leek, P. M. W.;
Otto Klumo, M. \V\: A. Levy, F.; C. Relgelhuth,
O. ; J. W. Canfleld, (>. \V., and James H. Seaman,
I. W. After the installation of these officers, the
others holding for one year from last January, the
members of the lodge in a body visited Hercules
Lodge to witness the installation of the officers by
Deputy Curtis. . . v-• -
.Degree of Honor.
Mrs. M. Pinkham has been appointed a deputy
for No. 3 of San Francisco and for No. 33 of Ala
meda.
Last Wednesday the officers of Ivy "Lodge were
installed by Deputy Mrs. Eva Coean, ably assisted i
by Mrs. Ingler, acting as past grand chief of honor. |
As on previous occasions the | work of Mrs. Cogan !
was all that could be expected, and it was so well j
done that at the close she was loudly applauded, j
Mrs. Van Court, who was the chairman of the !
committee on entertainment, presented . the fol- j
lowing programme, which was successfully car- j
ried out: Piano solo, by Miss L. Greenebaum; vo
cal duet, Mrs. Donaldson and : Mr. Oaves: club
swinging, Mi«s Llttlerteld; address by Mrs- Jolly,
grand receiver of the Jurisdiction of Montana. The
address of this lady, particularly that port'on on
the beneficiary feature of the order, was interest-
Ing In a marked degree. During the term this ,
lodge has initiated twenty members, and the roll
of membership shows 138 names and every mem
ber an indefatigable worker. - -.?.-
Superior Lady of Honor Mrs. M. J. Stewart lias '
returned . from the Kant. She states that the
proposit on to consolidate the beneficl«ry depart
ments of the several jurisdictions was discussed in '
the Superior Lodge and referred to a committee ;
which is to report at the next session. A per capita j
tax of 10 cents was levied on each grand jurisdic
tion. There are some changes in the ritual, con
stitution and general laws.
Native Sons of the Golden Went.
M. L. Gerstie of the Alaska Commercial Com- j
pany has presented to the grand officers of the ■
Grand Parlor a live bear from Alaska and suggests j
that the animal be used in . the parade on Admis- j
sion day. on the 9th of September next.
Deputy District Grand President Walter E. Me
f'reery of National Parlor installed the officers of
Pacific Parlor last Tuesday night. After the
ceremony all present were invited to visit the St. '
Germain, where a bounteous spread awaited them.
President Cunningham actel as toast master, and
a most enjoyable evening was spent.
Deputy District Grand President J. H. Mitchell,
who has been in town for several days, will remain !
until the 15th, when he will return to Hnmboldt, j
where he will install the officers of Golden Star
Parlor at Alton on the 18th Inst. On the 24th he j
will proceed to Ferndaie. where he will Install the ,
officers of Ferndale Parlor. !
About the middle of August a new parlor will be ;
Instituted at Biue Lakes. Hnmboldt County, by
Grand President Gesfnrd, Grand Secretary Lun
stedt and other grand officers.
The officers of Arcata Parlor, at Arcata, will be
installed on Friday next.
Grand President Uesford and Grand Secretary ]
I.unasteilt visited Precita Parlor lust Friday and i
witnessed the installation of the officers by Deputy |
1 Frank 'rag*. .
Last Thursday the ' officers o' National Parlor ;
where installed by Depot v J. A. Devo'o in their
hall, after which they went to Union-square Hall,
where they partook of a fine colla'lon.
sequoia Parlor, Native Sons, and Fremont Par- j
lor, Native Daughters, had ' a joint Installation
party last week and a splendid affair It was. The
daughters during the evening presented the sons
a handsome cushion on which to rest the parlor's
Bible on the altar.
Rincon Parlor installed its officers last Wednes
day and then went to the Louvre, where several |
pleasant hours were spent.
Among the visitors to the office of the grand i
secretary last week were Grand Organizer John !
Fatham, John H. Mitchell. D D. G. P. .for Hum- :
! boldt, and Grand Trustees P. E. Zabala of Salinas i
and K. W. Church of Oakland.
The officers of California Parlor No. 1, the '
mother parlor, were Installed last Thursday night
by Deputy W. D. Shea, assisted by Deputy Milch-
I ell, who act' d as-grand marshal, and Assistant
Grand secretary Jamison, who acted as grand
secretary. After the installation a varied and ex
cellent prosramme was presented, Blllv Staniles,
one of the oldest Native Sons in the order, present
ing several acceptable numbers.
R. C. Rust, chairman of the board of trustees,
will make visits as follows: Los Oros Parlor, at
San Luis Obisno. July 13: .Vajoqui Par or, at
Lompoc,l4th: NipomoParlor,l6th: Cambria Parlor,
18th: San Marcos Parlor, at >au Miguel. 20th; San
Lucas Parlor, 21st; Santa Lucia, at Salinas, "-d;
I Gabllan Par or, at Castrovitle, 23d : Fremont Par
! lor, a: Holister. 24th; Gilroy Parlor, 25tb.
At the raeetinz of Mission Parlor, held on the
I Bth inst., M. L. McCord, the retirng president, was
| presented by the members with a magnificently
[ engraved gold badge in token of appreciation of
his services as an officer. -
I Native Daughters of the Golden West.
I The following changes In district deputies have
been announced : Mrs. Lizzie Hookstratten of La
Ksperauza >o. 24, vice Mrs. Frona Simpson: Mrs.
M. J. Wells of Dardanelle So. 66, vice Miss Annie
Snyder; Miss Carre Crei;h of Minerva No. 2, vice
Miss Tlllle Frick: Miss Mamie .Bronstetter. of
Oueonta No. 71, vie; | Mrs. Josephine Devoy, and
Mrs. Sophie Wilhelm of Manzanita No. 29, vice
Mrs. Harriett Eames.
I The Misses R..Day and F. Yon Steden of Golden
State Parlor left this City on the 3d inst. for Wat
sonville and Santa Cruz, and on the 7th they were
in Monterey taking part In the festivities, and be
ing pres nt at the laying of the cornerstone of the
! bloat monument.
Miss J. ; Siebe, treasurer of Golden State, who
went camping in the vicinity of Larkspur, will re
turn next Sunday. ■■■■.' .. .
Ailss ltosa Day, a very enthusiastic member of
I Golden state. Is a deputy for the district of Marin
and Sonoma counties. rprffitgfi
j On the 6tb of next August, afternoon and even
ling, the members of Golden State will hold a ba
i zar and give a social In the banquet hail of the N«
-! tive Sons' building. The attractive > ouug ladies
I who will preside in the bazar win spare no effort
j to make this a most successful affair. ~
About the middle of August the members of La
Estrella Parlor will hold a grand bazar in the Na
] tive sons' building. . ...:-,
Last Wednesday evening the newly elected offi
cers of Alta Parlor No. 3 were installed In the par
lor's ball in the Native Sons' building by District
Deputy Mrs. Creigh, After the ceremony the
members and. lnvited guests went to the main
hall, which had been prettily festooned with the
colors of the Native Daughters, and then followed
a mnslcale and dance, prepared by the following
committee of arrangements: Miss A. Btigge, Mr*.
M. Connors, Grand Trustee Miss I Lizzie Douglass,
Mls» J. Chase, Miss A. Wynne and Miss Nellie
Waters. . . . .-■.._••
The officers installed »re: Mrs. M. Connor, past
president; Miss A. . Barge, president; Mrs. J.
i Pomeroy. first, Mrs C. Sillier, second, and Miss
Nellie. Waters, third vice-president: Miss A.M.
Creany, marsba'l; Miss Margaret Grote. recording
] secretary; Miss Lizzie Douglass, financial secre
] tary: Miss Maggie White, treasurer: Mrs. N.
Miller, Inside sentinel; Mrs. M. Napthaly, outslae
sentiue 1 : Miss M. Nunan, Miss K. Bryant and
Miss Grace Williams, trustees. The: musical-por
tion of the programme consisted of the -'Angels'
Serenade." sung in a sweet voice by | Miss L. Wil
son, the accompanists being William Wilson and
Miss . Nellie Chnse and Miss Nellie Waters, and
I two selections rendered by the ■ following quartet:
j Mandolins. Professor D. Mansfield ami Miss .Nellie
Chase: mandola. Miss Annette Zinns; violin. Pro
fessor G. Mansfield piano, Miss Olive Zinns. The
rendition of these selections was charming and
well merited the prolonged applause given to the
performers. Th« dancing, which embraced the
latest figures, afforded great pleasure to those who
participated. Among those present were Grand
Secretary Lnustedt of the Native Sons and Mrs. J.
A. Steinbach, district deputy. I .- >
During the evening: Mrs Connor, the retiring
president, , was called upon the stage by Mi<s
I^unan, trustee, aud presented a diamond ring as a
token of the parlor's appreciation of her services
as an officer. ... .
The newly elected officers of Buena. Vista Par
lor No. 68. were UlJ i. ea last Friday night in
P n Ubll L' D If "J? Ha " la the presence of as large a
number of ladles and gentlemen as it was possible
£-??,*, "i i°i IWi Urße hBl1 ' ind ' tbe •▼«» was
on* that will long oe remembered with pleasure
Bta!laUo e n aBs ' Bled by tUe ' r presence at the In
ft I he varons stations and the altar hp.d during
the day been drcorated by the n wlv elected offi
cers with mo,t ira-nun. bri*ht-h,,ei flowers .hat
; filled the hall with an odor that gave the I mire"
-| si..!, i that it was one v«s •; hotrho.me. In frimof
each station there was a hanlsome silken imnner
each bearing an appropriate, Inscription worked in
letters of gold-while alongside of the pr*-M<leni's
chair there was a hoautiiai silk flag, emblematic
of the patriotism of ; the order and thin mtrinr in
particular Over tee chair were twined miniature
flags in the colors of the orler and clusters of
evergreen* nd flowers. • I hen upon ea.'h chair
before the ceremony of Installation commenced
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY JULY 13, 180fi.
there rested the scarf of the one who should occu
py the chair.
The v»ri-cr,|ored insignins of office coquet
ti^hly displayed, the gold bullion on the hanner-
Bttea of purest whi.e. the rtelica:ely arranged
flowers and the seats around tlie hall filled with
young and ha:idsome native daughters, many in
rich and elegant costumes, made up a striking
picture that was exceedingly pieaslug to the eye.
At a sound of the gavel on the president's desk,
the several stations were vacated and Mrs. J. A.
Bteinhach, deputy district grand president, accom
panied by Mrs. C. S. Baker as past grand presi
dent, Miss Mac 'lower as grand marshal. Miss
Kuby Manzeras first and Mrs. M. A. Duke as sec
ond grand vice-president, and Mrs. George O.
Ryan, the grand secretary, entered ; he hail ami at
once entered upon the discharge of the functio-is
allotted to them. The work of installation was
performed by the district deputy wiiit an iinprt-s
-siveiit-si that w»s remarkable, and with «n accu
racy in delivering the charge to ea h officer with
out the use of tbe ritual that called tonh many
remarks of approval from the si*>cauvs. There
in »y be some deputies who can equal Mrs. stein
bach in the work, but It is safe to say that there
are none who can surpass her, and when her work
was done and she stepped 10 the floor she was
congratulated by a large iiumb.TOf ladles and gen
tlemen. Kach of the following nameJ offic rs in
stalled was the recipient of a bunch of La France
roses tied with pretty bright-colored favors: Miss
Tillie Braver, P. P.: Miss Anna Hahn, P.: Miss A.
Westhaus, first. Mrs. Nellie Kailer, second, ana
Miss Kae Murray, third vice-i resident; Miss Anna
Worth, marshal; Miss Mamie Wells, F. s. : Mrs.
H. M. Greene, R. S.; Miss May Keany, T. ; Miss
Ida Garbarino, I. s.; .Mrs. Hurlburt, O. S., and
Miss Alice ianiere, Miss May Wehe and Mrs.
Nora Howe, trustees.
At tne close of the installation Miss Braver, the
retiring president, was presented, on behalf of the
parlor, wuh a handsome gold watcn In tok.n of
lave, respect and appreciation of her as an officer
and ag-.MiUI companion.
The floor was then cleared for dancing, which
was kept up until a late hour.
Ancient Order*of Foresters.
The work of installation of officers of the subor
dinate courts by the High Court depqties Is draw
ing to a clone.
1 ourt California, South San Francisco, installed
its officers last Tuesday, and followed tne cere
mony with a banquet.
Last Tuesday evening Court Kamona was insti
tuted at Ramoiia by J. C. spencer of Court Se
quoia of Baraks and High Court Junior Wood
ward H. P. P. Sbaw of National City. The new
court starts out win thirty-eight charter mem
bers, and the following officers were elected: J.
A. Verlaque, C. R.; J. C. Banger, S. C. R.;
Thomas J.-nnau, treasurer; B. Madison. F. s. ; J.
K. Alaydole, X Hi Y. 1. Oedßet, S. W.; A. E.
Stockes. J. \\ .: William Moffatt. -s. B. : K. L.
Verlaque, J. B. ; G. F. Bak.-r. organist : Dr. Hul
ton. puysician; Thomas Jermau, druggis ; trus
tee,-vs. C. Poole, \. tarrock and 1 liar .s K.
Buliman, A K. Stockes, I*. K. Perkins and Wil
liam ( asn.-r.
At the last meeting of the executive council it
was decided officially thai the Companions of the
Forest as an order is not connected with the
Ancient order of Foresters,
* ourt Lincoln will give a party on the 22d of
August.
Past High Chief Ranger Samuel McMulliu was
in the City last week.
Court i onerulaii will give a smoker ln A. O. F.
Hall to-morrow evening.
Hi^h Court 'Jreasurei George W. Lunt officially
visited court Magnolia in Napa last Tuesiay.
After the ins'allation liii-re was a banquet in one
of the leading ho els-
Last Thursday ni^ht Court Occidental installed
its officers and gave a banquet to all Hlo.se who
were pr.-s. nt.
Dr. J. F. Kcicardt of Court Honolulu, U. 1., left
for his home by tlie steamer Australia.
The followiug-nanW officers of Court Onward
were Installed las. lues.lav: D B. Richards, I*.
C. R. ; E. Gudmunsen, c. X. ; s. Weiseiih«v.-n, S.
C. R. ; T. J. Clausen, 1. : H. .Murray. F. b.: A.
Stewart, n. S.; F. Johnson, J. W.: A. L:.r .1, J.
B. ; Dr. Charles fc. Parent, physician; H. F.
l>ugan. druggist.
Court 1 vanhoe has elected the following named
officers for the ensuing term: K. Kauugiesser,
chief ranger: G. Rii.liter. sub-chief ranger: I. >;i:s
Hinz, fina icial secretary; J. J. .\.slier. recording
secretary; George a. Boden. treasurer; A. Mod
tero, senior woodward: F. Coa-110. junior wood
ward; F. Ar.iche, senior beadle: Charles I'enti
junior beadie; Dr. E. C. Mervy. surgeon; H.
I^athan, past chief ranger.
Forester* of America.
Court Boulder Creek No. 152 was instituted last
Monday evening ln Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz
County, by C H. Brcmer. grand secretary, as-
Msted by J. A. Watson, past grand chief ranger
of Oregon, John McGuinnens, D. G. C, H., and the
officers and membt-rs of Cour. Santa Criif No. 61.
Grand Chief Ranger Veilage has issued the fol
lowing additional commissions for deputy crand
cnlef rangers: John Sparrow of No 18 for
Court Western Addition No. 32; Fred (J. .Mav'crof
No. 41, for Court Bonita No. 4.5: Franic Knoblock
of No. S. for Court Acme No. 51 ; K. f. Sewell of
No. 16, for Court Hayes Valley No. 59; E. Kuggi
erro of No. 132, for Court F. rruccio No 132- H
Clary of No. 97. fur Court Fran atse No. 97- X L.'
Webber of No. 48 for Court Paragin No. 48-' F
Ferrari of No 137. for Co.irt Sher.vood No BO-
John Wentzel o? No. 91. tor Court Teutonia No'
91: D. Alassa of No. 127, tor Court Adriatico
00. 13T.
Last Tuesday evening the tru-nds and members
of court California Na 4 «ren entertained ov a
public Installation of Its ofUcers and asocial dance
the ceremony of installation being p rformed by
C. H. Bremer, grand MCfetary, assisted !jy J.
Samue s, grand senior Woodman. During the
evening the r-tlriiiK chief ranker, J N> lands, was
presented with a handsome gold Jewell as a token
of appreciation of the memb»rs.
Conn Oakland No. 46 entertained Its frit-nds
with a banquet and social dance. During the
evening tbe newly elected officers were also In
stalled by D. La Velr, deput. gruud clef ranger.
isswied by J. Samue. s. grant] senior woodward
Sol Pelser. gruDd auditor, ana H. Kohu, P. C. R of
Court Uo.d^n West. Quite a delegation from
Cour; she 1 Mound No. 17 was present and as
s.sted In and enjoyed the the festivities
Court Del Monte No. 47 made an excellent ap
pearance in the parade heia on iu-u Tuesday in
Monterey, the occasion being the celebration of
the flf. ieth anniversary of the raising of the Amer
ican flag ln California. The float under the
ausp.ces of the court created more itian favorable
comment.
Companions of the Forest. F. O. A.
The newly elected officers of San Francisco Cir
cle No. i' 67 were publicly installed on last Thurs
day evening in Mannerbund Hall by Mrs. M. A.
Duke, graud chief companion, assisted by Mrs.
Emma Harrington, grand sub-eh:ef companion;
Mrs. E. J. N. Uielmveg, grand marshal; Urs. r[
Kemp Van Ec, grand organist, and E. P. Jacob
son, deputy grand chief companion. During the
evening an address on the principles of the order
was given by the grand chief companion, and who
also presented the retiring past chief companion,
Mrs-D. o'Callaghan, with a past chief Companion's
certificate and badge. After refreshments were
served dancing concluded the evening's entertain
ment.
Past supreme Chief Companion C. H. Bremer,
assisted by Past Chief Companion Miss K. Lyons'
installed the newly elected officers of Kxcrlslor
Circle No. 2on last Thursday evening. Excelsior
Circle is at the present time the oldest circle In the I
order, and stands in the front ranks for good
numerical and fi lancial standing, as well as tor so
ciaoility. Tlje latter fac. is attested by the numer
ous visitors thut may be found i.t every nieetiti"
Ou the night of installation visitors wore Druaent
from TwUlffM an 1 Village Belle circles.
Hie mprerne chi t companion of the order Mrs
Saraa Storey of Philadelphia, recently male an
extended trip on behalf of the order'ln the New
England Sia es. The lady also attended the meet-
Ing of the Grand Court of New Hampshire of the
Foresters of America, and addressed the Grand
Court at length on the benefits of the Companions
of the Forest.
Orner of Chosen Friends.
Grand Conuci'or Boehm has retnrned from his
southern trip, and while ln the lower part of the
State he visited ail the councils in that section.
He found that the members of tbe ordf r there are
quite active and that there were applications for
the organisation of several new councils. Author
ity was given to organize such councils.
Tbe Grand Councilor paid a visit to Guardian
Council of Los Angeles and was accompanied by
Grand J rustee L. Caro, Grand Bratry s. Middle
and Supreme Representative W. H. Savage. There
was a larz< attendance and the visitors, after mak
ing speeches, were taken In hand by the lodge
and handsomely treated.
The ..rand Councilor also paid a visit to Los An
geles Lodge and there he was accompanied by
Past Councilors sonneman aud Ger»on They
were well entertained after the official visit was
ov.-r. This lodge is organizing an initiatory team
"n 1-riday tbe Grand councilor will visit tlie
lodge in San Rafael
Kvans Council will give an entertainment on the
evening of the J*3d inst, before which Its ollicers
will be installed.
The officers of Teutonla Lodge will be Installed
by i.e..uty William Miller. The same t.lgnt
Deputy T. H. O'Brien will Install th- onV.-rsof
America Council.
Deputy O'Brien will install the officers of socUl
Council on next Thursday nl«ht. That nigtu two
candidates will be Initiated. * °
Knights of Honor.
C H. M. Curry, grand reporter of the Grand
Lodge of California, who was a representative
from this Biate to the Supreme Lodge (but met in
Loolsvllle, Ky,, In twenty-third annual toss lon on
the 9th of last June and coutlnued In ams nit un
til the 19th. has returned :o thi, City lookup very
much Improved after his trip.
The following supreme otllcers were elected for
the term: Mipreme dictator, john Mulligan or
Yonkers, N. V.; J. W. ooheen of Philadelphia. S.
V. D.: Jolin P. Shannon or Klbertoti, <i.i.. s. a.
D.: B. K. Nelson of Ht. Louis, S. R. : Joseph
l'ranch of St. Louis, s. T.: Itiv. 11. .M. Hope of
Petersburg, Vs.. chaplain; John H Hancolc of
Louisville, Kv.. s. K ulde: J. It. Cole of Sherman
Tex., S. G. : irank B. Sllg«-rof Melt-im, Ark - s
George s. Hallni«rlc o* Pen-tacola. Flu., Frank \'
Churchill of Brldeewater,'*lass.,and W. J. Robin
son of Krle, Pa , supreme trustees; Marsden Bel
lamy of. Willniington, N. C, past supreme dic
tator. , ..... . ■■;■■: ■',-,•''■■ -.'"-"
. The most important legislation of the session
was . thai •- which ■ chances the ? assessment plan.
The constitution has been changed so 'hat after
the first day of next . uctober th«? graded plan of
assessment will  go into effect. ■ There is a fixed
rate for the mem from IS to 21 years of age.
and from that time there is a small amount added
every year until the age of 61 is reached; then the
increase ceases. . This Is- to.be known as class A,
aud will Include all members, initialed; since July
1, 1892. and to all who si 'all be initiated after Oc
tober 1 ne\t. Those members who were initiated
prior to July 1," 1892. will continue to pay as in the
past. ,
Other changes are that the expenses assessment
shall be f 1 per .> ear. payable quarterly on tlie last
days of Mar. h, June, September and Dec»mber;
that no b -nefits will b- paid when a member com
mits suicide, except thai the set is committed
while in a delirium resulting from illness or while
a member Is under treatment for insanity or after
a member had been legally declared insane. In
cases not within the exception the amount of
assessments paid by the member shall be returned
to the beneficiary in lieu of benefits. That repre
sentatives to the Grand Lodge must be elected at
the first meeting; of the month preceding the meet
in/ of the Grand Lodge: that conductors on
freight trains and locomotive engineers and fire
men shall be eligible to membership; that lodges
may order the medical examination of a candi
date after being balloted ior: and that a social
member may become » ben.-firi.vry in.inher and
not be required to pay a benefit cenifi ate tee.
Las. Monday Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald in
stalled the otiicers of Liberty LrfnUie. a->sis..d by
Grand Guide Learned and Deputies Kipp and umr
tliorne. On Tuesday he installed the otticers of
Norma Lodge, Huststed by the grand kui 'c and
Deputies Thompson. Ganliorne. Ballart and Sum
mers. On Thursday night, in company with tbe
grand guide ana Deputy Summers, he installed the
officers of Fortuna Lodge. On Friday he installed
the officers of Ivy Lodge and of Polar l-ods?e.
To-night the grand dictator will visit Yerba
Buena Ixxlge and on Thursday next he will go U>
Sacramento.
M. L. Crowe, who was one of the representatives
to the recent session of the Supreme Lodge, at the
close or the session l»ft for Scotland to visit his
piace of nativity.
Knight* and Ladle* of Honor.
Deputy L. Lorenzen, assisted by Grand Chaplain
Mrs. Annie Thompson and Grand Guide Sirs. S.
Beverson, Installed the recently elected officers of
Aurora Lodge last Monday.
The installation of the officers of West End
Lodge for the ensuing term has been postponed
uu.il the 21st inst.
The new officers of Yerba Buena Lodge, San
Jose, were instated last Weinesday. The .social
recent. v given by this lod<e was a great success. ■
Oakland Lodgr will hold insta Union ceremonies
to-morrow evening.
A Krand time is looked for at 'he union meeting
of the Aißine.la County Lodges, to be neld this
evening in Berkeley. Grand Protector Lander,
Grand Secretary S. B. Carleton and other grand
officers will be present.
Many members of the lodge and officers of
the same are in the country on vacation at this
time, consequently the meetings are naturally
quiet. '
Excelsior Lodge No. 1252 has elected officers
as follows for the ensuing term: A. B. Bradstreet.
P.: C. M. uable, V. P.: Mrs. Whitcoinb, chaplain;
J. C. Horn, guide; K. A. Heed, financial and re
cording secrets) y: Carrie Blackmore.T.; Sarah V.
Farrer, guardian; Renel K. Whltcomb, sentinel.
The Installation ceremonies will take place on the
17th ltm.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The house-warming by Golden Gate Castle was
a great success, and the attendance was unusually
large. Tbe reason of his was that the notices to
members were so wretchedly written that the
members who received them were unable to de
cipher them and so had to go to the boll to have
them interpreted. The writer of them was unable
to read his own writing, but he explained . the pur
port of each notice, and then those who came re
mained to enjoy a good time. To-nigh; there | will
be a public Installation of the officers of this castle
In' Social Hail, Alcazar building. Alter the in
stallation there will be a dance. : This castle has a
bright prospect for the eusuinz term.
Last Wednesday California Ca-stie No. 1 organ
ized a drill corps, with A. F. Plate as commander.
Members of other castles are eligible to member
ship. At the next meeting of this castle tbe third
degree will be conferred.
To-morrow night Pacific Castle No. 10 will install
its officers.
Past Grand Chief D. N. Ilanna will visit Pioneer
Castle at Angels, and Stockton Castle at Stockton
this week.
Alpha Castle No. 1, Lndies of the Go'den Eagle,
installed its officers on Friday. The templar of
this temple is Miss B. Heron; vice-noble tem
-1 !:ir. Mrs. D, N. Uanna, ami guar Hun of records,
Mrs. K. A. Macdougali. The Installation was in
Union-square Hal. _ll_ ' -' '
Knights of the M r<<- il> <•<■>.
The last held meeting of Modin Pent was a very
enthusiastic one. Two new members were ad
mitted and eight applications presented we c
passed upon favorably. be candidates will he ad
mitted at tbe next review.'. These knights are j
hustling among tbe outsiders, and they expect to:
have in a short lime the largest tent in this City.'
Deputy rs W. Hall will Install the recently elected '
officers next Thursday. f.
State Deputy Hall installed -the officers of San
Francisco Tent last Friday night. . •
Last Wednesday night Golden West Tent held a
review in Alcazar building, on which occasion
seven outsider, were made sir knights. The com
mittee on ball reported that it is seeding a suitable
place in whiih the km. his may meet and receive !
all visiting, Knights. It Is exnected that within a I
short time the Maccabeans will have a ixTtnanent
home. This tent bat met with a great deal of suc
cess of late, and much of It Is due to the efforts of
Jam«s Patterson Jr., whose eloquence in portray-
In.; ; lie advantages that are offered to those who
may wish to join the .Maccabees lias Induced many
to si'.'n application blanks.
A number cf Individuals are signing a petition
for the organization 01 a lent in the Mission dis
trict. ' ' /
Junior Order American Mechanics.
To-morrow Slate Councillor Henry C. Schiiert
zer will go to Eimhurit to institute a new council
there.
Paul Revere Council of Berkeley will on the
18th Inst. visit Wildcat Canyon and there intro
duce some novel features in the preparatory work
of initiating new candidates.
The labor bureau of the order will be tendered
a benefit in Odd Fellows'. Hall shortly, on
which occasion aa elaborate programme will be
presented. • •;•••>■■
Johu C Fremont Counc'.l has elected the follow,
ing officers: G. W. Sweety, C; J. H. Pool, V.
C ;J. L. I'ame, R. 8.: L. C. Pielffer, A. K. 8.;
It K. stedham. F. S. ; C B. Morns, T. : M Simon
ton, conductor; C. Staler, .warden; J. A. Craig.
1. S.; W. P. Breckley, O. S.: E. Mlllon, chaplain;
J. H. Hurley, J. H. Pool and C. N. liareti,
trustees.
The following named have been elected officers
of I), s. Grant Council: W. L. Mitchell. c. ; W. a.
Lord, V. C; L. 1 . Jacquse, R. S.: D. W. Smith,
A. K. S. ; a. J. Eachus, F. S. ; H. O. Steams, T.;
D. C. Kinkheud, conduc.or; C. D. Brandon, W;
Odin stein, I. S.; A. C. Mason. O. S. ; W. A. Lord,
D. F. Herring and Eugene Uarwood,' trustees.
liunroved Order of Red Men.
On the evening of the 3d Inst. Bald ERgle Tribe
adopted three faces and received four appli
cations. This tribe shows an increase of fifty-one
during tbe lost fiscal year and an increase of $410
In the treasury. '- During' the evening the chiefs
were raised by Fred Brandt, D.D. G. 8., assisted '
by Past Sachem T. Maguire and District ' Deputy
Brandon.
I During a recent meeting of White Eagle Tribe
It received a visit from "Frederick Brandt, P. G. S.
and the Haymakers' Council. 1 lie Hunters' and j
the Warriors' degrees were conferred on three can- j
didates, after which the Haymakers' degree was
lonferred on fourteen members of the tribe.
William McKlnley of ol;io. l'res.dential candi
date on the Kepublican ticket, is a member of
Kleeifoot Tribe of Canton, Ohio,
A new tribe will be Instituted in this City on the
28th inst. . It will have 100 names on the charter
list. • • • - ; ■-'.- ■:;. .- ;.-.--• ...■.
he entire membership of Samoset Tribe of
Vallejotook fart in the Fourth of July procession.
The tribe had a float representing Chief Samoset
welcoming, the white; strangers, bamoset was
Impersonated, by Past sachem F. K. Brown, and
the --white, people by -Miss Minnie Dlxun, Miss
Kinnia l'etrie and Messrs. K. B. liennetl and J. J.
Thompson. 1." .v ..'■-■' : • -.•
i.eportA received a! the office of the urea' keeper
of records from, the various local tribes show a
very I successful ' and prosperous term; both from a
numerical aud a financial standpoint. I The chiefs
of the fourteen t.in.-s in san Francisco were
raised deputies— Hoff, Brandon, Fairfleld. Brandt
and Lackey. -.'•■■;•'-.- •■ " . -
At its li nt held council : So oyome Tribe . con
ferred the chief's degree . and then raised the fol
lowing chiefs 10 their stations: Sachem, . O. Jacob
son; senior sagamore, M. F. Clausen: junior saga
more, P. J. Tyrren: prophet," P." J. .-chou: chief of
rerord*. \\". Westall: collector of wainpuui,
W. H. Fisket keeper of wampum, Charles Fowler.
Last Monday the , chiefs :of • Pohonocliee Tribe
were raised to. their stations. The. same evening
the tribe adopted one paleface. r ' f< Wll ilMlif|M> Win
; Wiiineuiuica Tribe . p«id ; a fraternal visit to
Arapahou Tribe last Frijay. That nlgnt the newly
erected chiefs were- raised and two palefaces were
adopted. .'
ureat Sachem Jackson has returned to this City
after an . absence of several weeks.. Last Tuesday
be paid a visit to Mlautonomah irlbe. . -J. .. .
'■ The (lHitehiers of Montezuina, Alfarata and Po
cbahoni»B Councils of the Degree of Pocbabontas
will Klvea social on Saturday nextln Union-square
Hall. ' j-::: .'.- •.• •■.-.-...
Young Men's Institute. .
: Grand President 1 Gallagher announces the fol
lowing visitations: Chlco No. 113, '\ugust l;,Yuba
No. 18, Marysville, August 2: Capitol No. 21 . aud
Sacramento .No. 27. Sacramento, 1 " August 3: .Grass'
Valley No. 29, August 4: Nevada City, J)o. SO. Au
gust 6; Carson No. 80, August, 7; Manogue No. 41,
Vir^lula City, New, August 8: Vi.iyes No.' 16, Be
nlcia, Augusi 12; Leo No. 86, Port Costa, August
18; st. Catherine - No.' 25.' .' Marnnej;, Anijust - 14; :
Antioch No. aa. Auicusl 15; M. Itaphael No. 10.
San Itafael. August 16. Inclose : 'or.ur ; th«T«-..i .r
he >vi]i visit lYialiiM a. »anl» Rosa, Sonoma, Nauit,
Vatlejo. Kmekaand Fernaale. • .
. I'nli Sheridan; Council will glvo an entertain
ment and social a. Mangel's Hall onthe'22a
inst. ■; - • - .-,-■■ -•;'•.•-.---
The deputy district grand presidents have I'een
requested by circular letter »rom the grand presi
dent , to : lnaugurate district meetings for general
discussion- in. places where it may be most con
venient for the councils of the district to meet. . •
'1 he board; of grand " directors met on Saturday
j nicbt for the transaction of routine business only. ■
I I Grand Secretary Stanley has furnished the vari
ous councils the necessary record books and sup
plies ordered by the supreme directors. i
Each of the grand councils has bean furnished
with a charter from the Supreme Council. '
' American Legion of Honor.
 The semi-annual reports that are being received
make a fair showing for tbe term. \ -
Each of the last held meetings of Protection and
Golden councils were well attended I Grand, Sec
retary Burton raid a visit to each. These coun
cils are doing well. During: the month the Grand
Secretary will visit other local councils. . : V
During the six months endlns on th* 30th of last
month twenty-five death claims were paid in Cali
fornia. The aggregate of these. cairns was $73,
-; 6 <O. and the amount of assessments paid to secure
the several amounts o the beneficiaries was in the
aggregate $19,932 74.
Royal Arcanum.
Assessment 229 called July 1; delinquent July '
31. The semi-annual reports of Argonaut Council j
for the term ending June 30,, 1896,5h0w a very ex
cellent condition of affairs. •':"'* "-" " ' ' " * "
The stringency of the times has necessitated
heavy drafts upon the fui.dii, which have been
more than sufficient for all demands and still leave
on hand a gcod balance. ,"■• . .- •>- » ■■■.
Only five suspensions are recorded for the term.
The order in general shows an •••jually coo«l comii-
tion financially, the Supreme Council having met
the total expense of management for the entire su
preme jurisdiction on a- per capita tax of 50
I cents for the term ended. 5
New council work in Oakland has been tempo
! rarily abandoned.
The new &an Francisco Council is moving very
slowly.
Friends of the Forest.
Those who at one time were members of the
Campanlous of the Forest and withdrew from the
order on account of the trouble in rkiah have
formed a new beneficial and social order to be
known as "The Friends of the Forest." The
subordinate bodies will be known as parlors and
the first of these was or.-anis<>d (No. 1,) at Ukiab,
some 200 names having been signed, pledging the
signers to organize an order that will have social
and beneficial features and be entirely Inde
pendent of other organizations. The parties inter
ested will incorporate under the laws of tnls State
and In course of time will not only pay sick bene
fits but will make arrangements for funeral ben
fits. A meeting will be held to-morrow for the
purpose of organizing the second parlor.
The movers in this new ord. r do not Intend to
confine me membership to former members of the
Companions of the Forest, but will receive all
eligible persons.
it id stated that a circle of the Companions at
San Diego, one at Merced and Germania and Ta
coma circles will withdraw and join the new or
ganization.
Tbe roll of the new order is open to all and the
age iimit for lemales is from 16 to 50 aud men 18
to 50 years.
Independent Order K'ne B'rith.
The grand officers paid an official visit last
Thursday night 10 the mother lodge, Ophlr No. 21.
There was a large attendance, aud an instructive
evening was spent listening to addresses by the
grand president, E. I. Wolf, and other grand of
ficers. Grand Representative Baruch of Golden
Gate Lodge and Rev. M. S.;Levy of Califoruia
Lodge, who were visiting members of the order,
were specially requested to address the meeting.
They did so and dwelt at some length on the
growth and prosperity of the order, and they had
something 10 say in regard to the report of the
committee on endowment. Addresses were also
delivered by I. Harris and Past Grand President
Marcuse.
The direc:ors of the Hall Association held a
meeting last Wednesday evening, when E. I.
Wolfe, chairman of tue committee on resolutions,
read the report of the comtntitee on re-olu
t otis prepared for presentation to Past President
Louis Cotin. The resolutions, artistically en
grossed on several sheets bound in a handsome
cover, were then presented to he ex-officer by his
successor, J. L. j-ranklm, in a few well-chosen
words expressive of the recognition of the valua
ble services rendered during his term of office.
Several months ago there was a movement to
establish a ladies' branch of tbe order, but beyond
a lit le talk notninc has been do:ie. A number of
ladlei who were Interested in the movement want
to know what is going to be done. They say that
other organizations have lady auxiliaries and that
they sec no good reason why the B. B. should not
have one.
Companions of the Forest.
Loyal Circle No. 179 was instituted in A. O. F.
building last Wednesday with fifty-seven charter
members.
t Enterprise Circle publicly installed Its officers
last Wednesday evening and after the ceremony
there whs' a n entertainment that was greatly en-
Joyed by all.
A new circle is to be Instituted at Los Angeles.
Reports from headquarters are thai half a dozen
courts are in progress of organization in the in
terior.
. Artemis Circle Installed Its officers last Wednes
day. After the ceremony of lns:allalion the retir
ing past chief companion, Mrs. I. Neilsen, was pre
: seated wah a past chief companion's certificate
handsomely framed. -
The Druids^ ■
The Noble Grand Arch J. A. Devoto has named
the following district deputies: For San Fran
cisco, P. Wobbe, P. J. Molltt- rno, P. Bortl, C.
Johnson, J. Boraenare, M. P. Hotelho: Redwood
City, A. B. Hansen; Sacramento, W. Greenwood;
Los Angeles, J. Fallandy ; .-uuta Cruz, L. Bonito;
san Rafael, C. B. Sharer: Oakland,' F. E. Crocker;
Modesto, . J. Kane: San Francisco, G. laccheri;
Petaluma, H. peters and A. W. Horwege; San
Franc!?o. K. Scodeletti; Sacramento, A. J. SUva;
Stockton, P. Wilke; Santa Cruz, A. Thompson;
San Jose. N. 'L. Peterson; Bollnas, iN. C.
Odin; Merced. J. M. ;-mith; Plscervllle,
J. de Barnardi:' Oleraa, D. Bondetti;
St. Helena., A. Forni; Santa Rosa, L.
S. Bull; Pescadero. J. Gnesiu: Bodega, J.
Williiims; •■uerneviile. J. T. Lowe: ■ Solano, E.
Anderson: San Joi»-, F. Pozzo; Xapa. D. Ban
chero; Sonoma,' L. Cuccl: Placervllle, M. Mayer;
riiHsßiito:.. N. Ktll-ky; Tomales, V. Capor*no:
1 cc-idental and Duncans Mills. L. v. Morelll; Los
Angeles, A. .-autelli: San Luis Oblspo. Otto Tull
mann; Livermore G. L. Fitzgerald; Kureka, A.
Itosaia; Guadaloupe, L. Carapo-lonlco; Salinas. P.
L. Tagllo; >iockion. Q. L. Sllva; Cayucos. R.
Tonini: Fort Bra-.'g, J. LaffmiiL-hi. :..-... .
Mendocinn Grove was visited by Dante Grove
last wet-K an 1 the visit was an enjuvab «.• one.
(Jnerneviile Grove h. a been adding to the roll of
membership lately.
The Druids of British Columbia, about 450
in number, paid a fraternal visit to Tacoma on
the Fourth of July and wore received by
Schiller Grove, Mayor Fawcett and members
of the City Council. The visitors were granted
the freedom of the city and were right royally
entertained. .
Union Fraternal League.
San Francisco Assembly No. 68 of the Fraternal
League was instituted at 937 Mission street last
Thursday night by O. L. Matney, supreme or
ganizer. There were sixty-three name* on the
roll. Other assemblies are in process of organiza
tion.
Chebra Brith Shalom. "
At the last held meeting of the Chebra B'rith
Shalom the following named were elected officers
for the ensuing term; President, I '' Baruch Conn;
Vice-ores- dent, Oustav Mlc.iael: secretary, S.
Meyer: treasurer, L. Lewis; trustees— l. Spiro, M.
Stockwltz, Aaron Levy and J. Franke.-iberg.
.Friends of the Golden State.
Alcatraz Circle No. 1, Friends of the Golden
State, has Installed the following-named officers :
Miss Kerrigan, president; Miss Huoks, vice-presi
dent: Mrs. Hessloa, financial secretary;: Mrs.
Muir, recording secretary: Mrs. Wessells, treas
urer: Mrs. Held -n and M rs. V\ oods, right and left 1
guards: I Miss Morton, lecture-master;; C. | Louis,
conductor. After the installation -the members
and 'friends wen- Invited, to the bunquet-room,
where a splendid snnper was awaiting them. * The
hall was decorated with sweet p^as, rose* and fern
leaves. The annual picnic will be held at Plltts
ville Park. Fruit vale, next Sunday. '
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum tenoperatur» for tbe
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
raintall, of melted snow in inches and huudredius,
during the paaj twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
linen, connect pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomDaniPd by fair weather: "low"
rffera io low pressure, and is usually preceded
and Bccompanied by cloudy weatherand rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whfn ;he pressure is high in tht» interior
and^ low along the coas;, and th* isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "luw" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Tnitkd States Dkpartmknt of Aoricui>
TJ-RK. WKATHKB BITRKAIT, pAX FRANCISCO, JuIJT
12, 1896, 5 r. v. Weatner conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 62, Fresno 106, San Dieeo 76, Red Bluff
100. Luis Obi3po 100, Yuina 110, Sau .Francisco
70, I/OS Angeles Btt.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 70,
minimum 54. and mean 62.
An are* of high pressure is moving In over
Washington and Oregon, and the pressure has
risen generally over the northern half of the Pa
cific Slope. An area of low pressure covers the
country from the valleys of Caifornia eastward to
the Kocky Mountains
The temperature has fallen decidedly over Ne
vada and the eastern portion of California. It has
fallen from 12 to '20 deg ees over Idaho Montana,
Eastern Washington and Eastern Oregon. Thun
dt*r-s:"rms have prevailed throughout this region,
following a period of very warm weather. Very
warm weather is reported in the San Joaquin Val
ley and on the coast of California south of dan
Francisco. San Luis Obispo reports the highest
maximum temperature since the opening of the
station.
Kaln has fallen In Northwestern Texas and
probably in Mexico and Eastern Arizona. Thun
der-storms, with moderate rainfall, have occurred
In Idaho and Montana.
■ Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnlrht, July 13. 1896:
L Northern California — Generally fair Monday, with
conditions favorable for very warm weather in
land: fresh northwesterly winds, increasing in
force on the coast, and hot northers in the valleys.
southern California— Cloudy weather on the
coast: continued warm ; fresh northwesterly winds.
Neva ;a— Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy and unsettled weather; probably
thunder-storms Monday in northern portion;
cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday; cooler In eastern por
tion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh weste.-ly winds.
ALKXAN'?KR G. MCADIR,
Locv Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
JOLT. 1896.
i— — ■
Su.iMo.j
Tu. W.j
Th.l IT. | ita.l Moon's Phases
1 3 3 * |fM*«t Quarter.
■ — .^/ July 2.
6 6 7 8 9 10 11
; ; | jbv New Moon.
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 P July 10 "
"~"~ I "~ First Quarter
19, 20 21 22 23 24 I 25 \J) July 17.
Fl 27 28 29 SO 31 (*) Fall Moon. |
July 24J
OCEAN STEAMERS.
:«« o
an
'ranc
'■CO.
KTEAMKR
| DKSTfNATION. |
HAILS.
| PIER.
CmMlU* Vie & fzi bud Julyl3, 9am Tier*
.None .. Grays HarDor .lulyl4, 6pk ..'....:..'.
Weeott..:.. Eel KiTer..... July 14, spm Tier IS
Truclcee.... Coos Bay Jolyl4. spm Oceanic
Enrak* .... Mwdor Jnlyl4. Dili Pier 11
Araco S coot Bar July 15. Her 13
bunol Grays Harbor. Juiyls.l2 v Pier
banta Rosa. San Diego Jutylß.llAU Pier 11
Columbia... I Portland Julyl7,loAM Pier 24
faraiion.... ) noulna Bar~ July 17. 9am rier 3
*'. Pani Newoort .. JulylH. Sam Pier 11
CttyPnebla. Vie & «Sno July 18. 9am Pier 9
Newport.... Central Amer. Julylß,l2 v PMS3
Arcaia Coos 8ay...... i July 2o !.. ....
P0m0na..... HumboldtßaT [ July'iU. 2rm P.er9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
bunol. _ lirays Harbor July 13
Alcatraz .. | Yaquina Bay July 13
Trucicee coos Bay ..July 13
Santa Mosa. Han £Jiaito_ „ ..July 14
C01um0ta ....... i Portland July 14
i Uyot I'ueuia.. Victoria & Fu«oc Sound ..July 14
Arajt0. .......... Coos Bay.-:.:.. July 14
Corona Humboldtßay... July 15
StPaui Newport. .................. ..July 16
Farallon Yaanlna Bay «. ...July 16
Arcata Portland...... ..July 16
C010mbia........ Panama............ July 16
L'leone «.;.. Crescent City...... July IS
Mexico San Diego.. ..July 18
City of Sydney. | Panama........... July 18
L>e»e«nt cur... creseeni utr. .......... July 18
BlaitofCal P0rt1and. ................ . Julyl9
Alice ßlancnard Oregon ports „ lu!yl9
Walla Wa11a.... ' Victoria & Puaec Souna ..July 18
North fore Humbonit 1iar .......... ..July 20
fhlna ...;....... China and Japan.....*.;. . . 1 v 120
S UN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast aicd G*odbtic 6tr«v«T Tins')
- Bci.t-ktin' Published bt OmaiAt, . V
A UTHOBITY or THK SUI»KKIXTItXDKXT. )
Monday, July 13. -
Son Uses 4.57! Moon rises......
Bun sets... 7.34 Moon 5et5....... 9.27pm
July-1896.
Time Fftgt JT! m e| v^ t |Tlme| VtMt
, H ff| L. W iH Wj |L W[
14 1.34
IB 2.26
16 3.44
17 5.12
L W
18 0.01
5.8: 7. '25 I— a 7 2734
5 4 8.07|—0.2 3.07
4.9 855 0.4 5.4&
4.3 9.3-4 1.1 4.22
4.1 10.24 1.7 6.07
H- W L W
0.8 6.48 4.0 11.18
6.2 7775 576
5.2 8.30 ■ 2.2
5.4 9.46 1.8
3.6 10.45 1.3
6.7 ...
IH W
3.4 6.65 5.8
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day, in tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column tbe third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives tbe last tide of tbe day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on tbe United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
froiu the depth given by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, July 12. •
Stmr Doric. Smith, 27 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 18 days, via Honolulu 6 days, 4 hours
and 18 mm; pass an 1 mdse, to O & OS S Co.
- SimrGeo Loomls, BriQgett, 35 hours from Ven
tura: 6360 bills oil, to Union Oil Co.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Noyo. Levinson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
j pans and mils?, to J S Kirn ball.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, 27 hoars from
Mo Landiu;: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 14 hours from
Mendoctnoand way ports; pass and mdse, 10 Men
doclno Lumber Co. .
Btmr Newsboy, Fosen, 20 hours from Usal;
287 M ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Lumber Co.
Stmr Weeott, -Whitney, 23 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders & Co. ', . : .
Schr W s. Phelps, Mercer, 20 hours from Mendo
cino; 128 M ft lumber, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
schr W *• Jewett. Johnson. 8% days from Port
Gamble; lumber and telegraph poles, to Pope &
Talbot. . /.
Schr Etta B, Madsen. 7 hours from Fort Ross;
40 bxs butter, to Ross «fc Hewlett.
: Scbr Ocean Spray, Nelson. j5 hours from lver
sons Landing: wood, to N Iversen. .-•.-.» - ■
schr Five Brothers, Kasmussen, 12 hours from
Collins Landing; 3000 r r lies, to L E White Lum
ber Co.
schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
100 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
~ Milled.
1 : >'• SUNDAY. July 12.
Stmr.Natlonal Cltv. Andresen, Eureka. ;
Stmr state 0/ California. Ackley, Astoria. .
Stmr Mackinaw. LlUlefield. Tacoma.
, Stmr Mexico, Hall, San Diego.
. S.mr Corona, Uornn Eureka.
- Stmr Empire, Anderson, Astoria.
Bkin Archer, Calboun. Honolulu. . -
Scbr Aloha, DabeL Honolulu.
Schr Eureka, Erickson. • • - '
Telegraphic. '- •
POINT. LOBOS. 5 Julr 13— 'r. — Weather,
hazy . wind sW : velocity. 14 mites.'- .
. ■ Domestic Port*.
POBTBLAKELEY— Arrived July 12— Schr G
Watson, hence June 23., - . :
SAN PEDKO— Arrived July 13— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka. ' *~~^niT*Tllfr*nWMir*ittlir|M'
' Sailed July 12— Schr Emma Claudlna, ' for Eu
reka. ■•■..-' - - ■'-■--"
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 12— Nor
stmr Peter Jebsen, from Nanaimo. . .
EUREKA— SaiIed July 12— Schr Mary E Russ,
for Kahulut: s-hr John A. for San Francisco.
. MENDOCINO— SaiIed July • 12-simr Point
Arena, lor San Francisco. - . -. ,\ .
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 11— Schr Volant.
ASTORIA— July 12— Schr Pioneer, hnc
June 23. v- - - • .
sailed July 12— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco. - ■■■ - ; .-:: . .--■ -..-.- ■- - - ;■ - ,
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived July 12— 3: mr Faral
lon. hence July 9, via Eureka. -
' Foreign Port*. : /'
NANAIMO— Arrived July 11— Stmr City of Ev
erett, hence July 7. :.'•■ ::.:-.;; :
HONOLULU— Arrived June 30— Bark, Martha
Davis, hence June 18. July I— Mex war stmr Zar
agoza, hence June 19; schr 1 cetnla Vance, from
Newcastle. NSW. July 2-Aus war ship Salda, 1m
Tahiti. July 3— Schr ■ Heleu -N > Klmball. hence
June 19: sciir H C Wright, irom Eureka.
sailed June SO— Bark Albert.: for San Francisco;
ship Commodore, for New. York ;Ger ship FHF
Glade, for San Francisco: bktn s N Castle.* for San
Francisco. July 3— Schr spokau?, for Port Towns
end. - , • ",.--.• • . • . • -
Importation 1.
PORT KEN YON- Per Weeott-221bxs batter.
S kegs lard. ' 1 bdl ary bids. 3 green hides. 95
bdls green hides, 6 bdls pelts. 6 kegs 8 bbls 11 tubs
tallow, 838 sks oats, 14 pkgs mdse. 41 hf-sks 16
s:ave bolts. 2cs seed. ; : ? _ r'nn—" £,„„__, 1
:.[(>-s L iN Dl : so- Per santa Cruz—-, cseggs, x
lot old iron. 35U slcs potatoes.
Soquel— l7 pfe«?s mdse. _ __ butter. 800
• Santa Crut-2o bxs fruit jars. 2 bxs butter, 800
bbis lime. 7 pkgs mdse. . ■' h ,, f ;__ „,,.,
Pisje n Polnt-15 bxs cheese, 1 bx butter, 28 sks
bxs butter, 76 sks green peas. 4 ska
IitAGO-PerNoyo-8l itAGO-PerNoyo-8 pkgs mdse, 194.-
LOS lumber, 1 bicycle. lot furniture, 1
LOS ANGELES-Per Eureka-1 lot furniture, 1
bx cans. . „ .
Kast Han Pedro— 7B cs canned fish.
Los Aneeies via San Pedro-1 cs woodenware. _
San Pedro -2 pkgs tents, 3 pUgs mdse, I- sks
abaione shells. . ■ ' • _', wLi«»«
Ventura-12 sks abalo c shells, 3 sks abalone
meat, 2 b.xs seed. Ics eggs, 5 bdls pe Us, 1 csmdse,
70 bxs oranges, I*o bxs lemons. 78 sks beans.
Santa Barbara-4 bbls mineral water, 1 chest
china goods. 44 bxs lemons. . !_«-••
Gaviota— 1 horse. 6 bdls dry fish, 814 sks wool,
1 bdl pelts, - dxs fish.
Port Harford— 7 bxs fish.
PC Ry stations— 2 bxs butter. 2cs eggs.
RocKsialng— Bls sks bituminous rock. .
Santa Maria— l4B6 sks barley. . ' .'
Cayucos— 2 bdls hides. 12 bales seaweed, 1 tup 21
bxs butter. 1 coop chickens, 6 dressed calves, 1 bx
San Simeon— 932 bxs butter, 25 sks beans. 10
dry hides. 1 bbl tallow, 6 'kga mdse. 8 cs eggs.
Monu'rev— 4 < s eggs. 4cs cheese, 1 inilse.
HONGKONG— Per Doric— 2o9* pices inatt'tir,
42 plccs silk goods. 44 pktts parcels. 847 ptccs cof
fee. 4000 Dfcfrs sugar. 140 pkus Kambria, 272 pkirs
curios, 536 pkgs oil, 4040 pkgi tea, 6100 Dkgs rice,
3680 pkes md»e.
Overland— l 92 pkgß matting. 61 pkjrs silk goodi,
64 pkes parcels, 140 pkgs curios, 130 pkgs raw
silk. 14,691 pkgs tea,' ls pkgs mdse.
For Central and South America— 34 pkgs silk
goods, 7 pkgs curios. 10 pkgs tea, 77 pkgs mdse.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 2 pKgs aba
abalones. 1 bx seeds. „
Point Arena- 37 bxs butter, Ibx seed, — rail
road tiee.
Con«len«««.
Per Doric— M J Brandenstein Co: Parroit A
Co: AC Robinson: Anglo-California Bank; Demoto
Bros; London, Paris and American Bank; Bank of
Brlilsh North America: Swayne <fc Hoyt; S P 10;
M Hiroto; Baltour, Gutbrle & Co; order: D Meyer;
Chinese and Japanese merchants.
Per Weeott— Russ, Sanders <fc Co: Wolf Son : J
Wo'.ner; Norton, Teller & Co: C E Whitney A Co.
Hllmer, BredhofT it schulz: Dodete. Sweenev A Co:
Wltzel A Baker : OB Smith & Co: Standard Oil Co:
F BHalght: Brigbam, HoppeA Co; HDutard: Jas
Smith: Wilson A Baechtel; Werthelmer & Co; D
de Lucca: Thos Dengan, Son A Co: California Bar
rel Co; Baker A Hamilton; Shoobert, Beale ACo
Cox seed and Plant Co; South San Francisco Pack-
Ing Co: James McDermott: Hammond A BroJ:
W B Sumner A Co: X R Stev«ns A Co: Roth, Blum
ACo: Thomas Loughran : W P Fuller A Co; Wil
liams. Marvin A Co: Cox Seed and Plant Co; J
Schweitzer * Co. . ,
Per Santa Cruz— Norton, Teller * Co: Pac Coast
Steamship Co: C E Whitney A Co: D Blagi & Co:
Pacific Fruit Co: - Enterprise Brewery: Buffalo
Brewery: Grangers' Business Assn; A W Fink;
Goldberg, Bowen A Co; A Gain Fruit Co; Ham
mond A Brod; Brigham, Hoppo ACo Standard
Oil Co; Hiimer, Bredhoit A Schalz; Brigbam,
Hoppe A Co. . ■ ■ .- ■ ■
Per Noyo— Russ, Sanders A Co: J H Cain & Co;
Fredericksburg Brewery; Payot, Upham A Co; LE
Bambrldge; Goldstein A Co; VV Davis & Co; Union
Lumber Co.
Per Point Arena— Ross A Hewlett F B Halght:
Wilson A Baechtel; Dairymen's Union : Sunset
Seed and Plant Co; Wheaton, Breon A Co: E J
Bowen * Co; Baker Hamilton.
Per Eureka— Tillmann A Bendel; A H Blakeley :
Wellman, Peck « Co ; Enterprise Brewery; Chas
Tetzen; Cox Seed and Plant Co; C Solomon Jr; «
D Lauderbeck; H BTolrly; Chalx & Bernard: C A
Parkins: WB Sumner & Co: Wood. Curtis A Co;
JDe martini; L Scatena * Co: J Armsby <£ Co;
Jlvancovlch ACo; Henry Clifton: M 8 Si mas;
Thos Denlgan, Son A Co; Ralph Marshall; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; American Union Fish Co: Pacific
Paving Co: San Francisco Fish Co: APaladlni: 8
Milling Co: Brigham, Hoppe & Co; HDutard;
Standard Oil Co; Hllmer. Bredhoff A Schulz: HM
Newball A Co; Cal Bottling Co: De Bernard! A Co;
Western Meat Co : Dodge, Sweeney A Co ; Alfred
Wyss; OB Smith A Co: H Klrchmann A Co; HG
Sattler; Hills Bros; Blsslmjer A Co: FUri&Co;
Gets Bros A Co; Dairymen's Union: Chicago Brew
ery; C E Whitney A Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co ;
WF Mitchell ; Goodall, Perkins A Co; Wheaton,
Breon A Co; Standard Oil 00.
.Fbr Late Shipping Intelligence See Thirteenth Pag*,
OCEAH STEAMSHIPS.'
ASTORIA AIPORiIANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails..... June 27, July 7, 17 and 37
State of California sails. July 2, 12 and 22
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. ic
GOODALI* PERKINS A CO., Oenl. Supts.
V. F. COS.NOR, General Agent.
- 630 Market street
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMP4M
.. . ■-■ - ■-.■». ■ -- -
CUT RATES
——TO
VICTORIA, B. C. f and
PUGET SOUND.
First Clasa 68.00
oeooud Class dSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 lew Montgomery Street
GOOD PERKINS CO.,
■ : General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP GOMPAiII
STEAMERS ' WILL 8 AIL FROM J**a.
Broadway wharf, baa Francisco, as <£&£»
follows: • - - , "
For Mary Island. Lor!n«, . WrangeL Jnnean. Kil-
lisnoo ana BlUta (Alaska), a: v a. m., July 3, la
18. 28. A .1 '. 2, 15. '27. - -*-.-.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. G), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BeUingham Bar. Wash.). 9 a. ml
July 3. H. la. 18, 23. 'JB, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wiuj
the C. c. R. R., at Tacoma with N. F. R. R_
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsand witu
Alaska steamers. .---.
For Eureka. Arcata and 'Fields Landing (Ha»
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it, July 5, 8. 12,
16 20. 24. '_'« and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara.- Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. -Bast Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. x_ julj
'2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22. 26, 30 ana > every tourtn day
thereafter. ■i-fries&tS&Sami&'l ■'
For Ran Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port - Un
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. July 5. 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 2* and every
fourth day thereafter. - -
For knseuada, Ran Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas. Altata and Goaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. If.. .1" y 'A and 25th of each month thereafter
■ TicKet office, Palace Hotel. 4 . "New Montgomery
street.
iiOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*
-■: r . 10 Market at. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, -W\ -■ by
AUSTRALIA. \#S.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. MAHIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July a i
at 2mc ....... ...... -. .,: . ,
H. B. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, ii .4,at10 a. v. Hneciat party ra as.
Line to COOLGAKDLE, Aust.,and CAP OWN,
South Africa. •■•-•■. ■
J. D. SPRECKELS «S BROS. CO.. As**
... • .... • 114 Montgomery 4;.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGHE GENERAL TRMSATLMTIQDB
French Lln« to Ham».
/COMPANY'S PIER (SEW),« NORTH j&tff*
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by fc^SS
this line avoid both transit by English railway auH
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Egypt, via Patl*
nrst-cJass $160: : second $110.
ML TOURAINE, Capt. SanteUl.. . .May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ......May 23. 8 a. v.
LA GASCOUNE.. Jn: c 20. 7 a. H.
LA .NOK.MaSJHI;.. m . ...-July 4. 6 a. jc
LA GAK3OGXE ..July 25. 11 a, it
LA NORM A.VDIK .:...... An<rnstl, 5 a, *.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leboeut.June 6, 7 A.
• $&• For further cartlcalars apply to ■■ - • ■• -
.. „ __ A. FORGET. Agent. .
" „_„ No. 3 BOA-:j Qreen, New Yortc.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPA SI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL am ,
_ fortniKhtly for the West Indies and f**4SS3
Pouthampton, - calling en route .; at Csrbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers, f-■ • •
' Through bills of lading. In connection with th*
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
tire to direct ports in England and Germany.
■ Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. . First class, $195- third
Class, »97 60. - For further particulars apply to
• . fARROTT & CO., Agents,
v y. . . 306 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnffton st..
At bP. M. 1 ?!". received up
VST Accommodations' Reserved' by Telephone.
S'J.'JElA.Sl.Kit'}: .' ■
T. C. Walker, J.D. ! p»i,, M
Mary Garratt, .. City of Stockton
;'I elephone Jlaiu 805. Cai. .Nay. and j m " <5,'
\ ALLEJO • MARK iSL »SD, .^ESiCiA. m>i
COSTA \\D CROiJRKTT; l
STR. JIONTICELLO, ,
OaOj, except 'Saturday and Sunday— !il m
»nd •F.u. ; Saturday. l O : 3O a i., "aO^V,*
t<indl»g» Uis Hion 1. Piar A. ■THREE-CORNERED
ANNUAL TUSSLE,
Supervisors and Assessor
on the Rack of Pub
lic Opinion.
BETWEEN TWO EVILS
A Mass-Meeting That Furnished
Much Focd 'or Political
Thought.
RATS AND FIVER IN JAIL.
A Gorge cus Patrol Sys'em That Came
and Vanished in a
Month.
Oaklakd Office Sak Fraxciboo Call,)
90S Broadway, July 12. (
Ihe annual tussle between wealth, the
Assessor and the Board of Equalization
has commenced, and this year the battle
is regarded with more than the usual
amount of interest. Three out of live Su
pervisors ■will be elected this November,
and the trio, who nre all anxious for re
n, are worse off than the proverbial
man between the deep sea and something
Felouzc, Johnson and Bailey are the
anxious ones, and it they can steer their
political barks to victory next November
they will prove themselves diplomats of
more than ordinary ability.
The complication is pretty. To a politi
cal student it is superb, as it offers more
ground for probabilities tnan has ever
been seen in this county. The preat point
the pons asinorum of the situation is the
question oi reducing the assessments of
the banks and corporations, noiably the
Southern Pacific property, from the figures
fixed by the Assessor. It is a situation
difficult to approach either with pen or
word of mouth, for the honesty of both
sides can be assailed, no matter what they
say or do. Take Assessor Dalton's posi
tion.
He has raised the assessments to mam
moth figures when compared witli those
that were compiled by men known to be
friendly to the railroad. Yet he declares
he has been guided by the best of advice,
and perhaps one good proof of this is that
several other Assessors in the State have
followed his example. Dalton certainly
has revolutionized the assessment rolls,
but he he has met with such strenuous op
position that whatever merit his work may
have possessed has been considerably neu
tralized, and every effort made gives his
work the appearance of having been un
dertaken for the purpose of political clap
trap. It has eveu been hinted by his
extreme enemies that Assessor Dalton has
an eye on the Governorship. All these in
sinuations make his position unpleasant
in some respects, and would discourage
him if he conld be discouraged. Da.ton,
however, ought to know by this time that it
was not the votes of the men who put him
in office who are now opposing his assess
ments and slurring his motives.
The Supervisors are infinitely worse off.
They are in a very hades of trouble. On
Monday night there will be a mass-meet
ing at the Tabernacle, and in the call are
these significant words:
An honest, fearless Assessor has done his
duty by the people of Alameda County. Prop
erly values have been fairly assessed, and the
great corporate interests of the county have
teen treated as justly as the small landowner
cr the possessor oi a moderate home. From
experiences gained last year it is probable that
the County Supervisors, sitting as a County
Board of Equalization, will attempt to undo
the work of our Assessor. That tne voice of
the people may be heard in indorsement of the
assessment and in protest of any reduction of
It by the Board of Equalization, the under
signed, representing ell political parties, pro
pose a mass-meeting fcr Monday evening, July
33, at the Tabernacle, with local speakers cap
able of explaining the position of the people.
As the question of the assessments re
ferred to is now in the hands of the Su
pervisors the call for the meeting can only
b«» construed as a political movement,
pure ana simple. In Great Britain it
would he called coercion. If the Super
visors have any consciences they will
surely use them, independent of a icass
meeting. If tl.ey have not, a mass-meet
ing will not affect them. If the assess
ments are reduced the outgoing Super
visors are doomed; if they are not re
duced, the manipulators of the mass
nieeting will take all the glory, and will
declare that they "stiffened up" the board.
This way of "doing" politics is suggestive
of unfair play, because the men most af
<ected have no means by which they can,
nth decency, reply. It should be remem
bered that meir treatment of the assess
ments last year should have sealed their
fate, and if it did not, tuen a repetition of
their work will not produce any more ef
fect now. Bailey and Pelouze have made
their records — such as they are— and their
consciences are as proof against mass
meetings as their acts are from impeach
ment under the present judicial adminis
tration of the county.
The chief mover of the Supervisorial
opposition, W. H. Friend, is in a worse fix
than any one. Ha has made great efforts
toward reform and deserves great credit
for what he has done. But he is now
neutralizing bis own work. He is himself
to face the public as a candidate for Super
visor. This knowledge somewhat robs his
reform record of its value, and when he
makes a patriotic speech at the Taber
nacle his er.emies wiL at once proclaim
that his desire to see the Assessor sus
tained is the natural consequence of his
ambition to succeed one of the Super
visors whom he "fears" will attempt to
"undo the work of our Assessor." If Mr.
Friend should announce from the platr
form that he is not seeking anything more
difficult to obtain than glory he can
accomplish a great local work between
now ana November.
Once again the City Prison is to the
front. For several years successive grand
juries and health officers have "recom
mended" that prisoners be kept in a place
where there is no danger of them dying
from the effect of poisonous gases. The
recommendations must be very bulky by
this time, but the decayed, unhealthy
f prison still remains. On several occasions
boys have pushed the tops from their cells
aud have walked out ; other prisoners have
pushed through a portion of the crum
bling stone wall and have walked to lib
erty—and yet nothing is done by way of
relief.
Health Officer Bradley entered on his
Some of the Methods of Catching and Killing Dogs That Poundmaster Weitzel Has Been Advised Are
Practiced in Different Cities. In Atlanta There Is No Pound and No Dog-Catcher. The Phila
delphia Poundmaster Sets the Fashion of His 1 rofession in Visiting Curds.
official career a few days ago, and the first
thing he did was to '"recommend" in re
gard to the prison. It is unfit for its pur
pose in every respect. There is no proper
accommodation for women at all. There
is no matron, no ambulance but a clumsy
patrol wagon, no light and no ventilation.
There are rats, vapors, bad sewerage, dark
alleys galore and pestilential cells, and yet
nobody dreams but that Dr. Bradley's rec
ommendation will share the fate of its
volumes of predecessors.
A few weeks ago Oakland was flooded
with patrolmen. At all hours of the night
in the center of the city big, burly men in
uniforms wore met at every street corner
and in every doorway. Citizens wondered
why the Police Commissioners had <*eculed
so suddenly that Oakland needed so much
protection, and what was of far more in
terest they were anxious to know where
the funds were to come from to support it.
For a few weeks the nightly procession of
patrolmen was in evidence, but they grad
ually disappeared and last night a report
was made to the Police Station that only
one was left. The affair was a private ven
ture and the merchants were expected to
support it. The merchants, however, have
a moderate amount of faith in tue regular
PoKe • Department, the streets are once
more deserted at night and the portly pa
trolmen have gone back to driving ex
press wagons and digging ditches.
S. W. B.
THE SALOON QUESTION.
Dr. Bovard Addresse* an Open Letter
to the City Trustee*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 12.— Dr. Ebvard
of the Park-street M. E. Church read, an
open letter at his evening service as a pre
lude to his sermon, addressed to "The j
Honorable Board of Trustees of the City
of Alameda." He appeals to the trusteed
to consider three requests— to license no
more saloons, to enforce the present ordi
nance to the full extent of its provisions
by ruling out the duplicated sinners of pe
titions and to suppress the gambling-dens
at any cost.
"I believe," said the doctor, "that I ex
press the sentiments of nearly every citi
zen of Alameda in congratulating you
upon the eeneral good order and high
moral standard you have maintained in
our fair city. The evils and abuses of
which I am about to speak stand out the
more glaringly and inflict a deeper insult
because they contrast so strongly with the
good character of the city.
"Without attempting to discuss the
merits of any application lor saloon
licenses now before your honorable board,
I uru compelled by a strong sense of duty
to my congregation, and in some sense to
my fellow-citizens, to give voice to the
almost universal conviction in this city
that we want no additional saloons."
The doctor calls the attention of the
board to section 4 of the city's ordinance.
No. 167, which provides that twenty-five
heads of families or proprietors of busi
ness places shall sign the recommendation
for the license.
"Upon examination of the list of signers
I find that some of these heads of families
havo repeated their privilege from two to
six times, thue acting in the capacity and |
discharging the functions of six citizens
instead of one."
The doctor say* that in the "1500" block
on Park street there are five saloons, witn
only sixty actual signers, instead of 125;
on the "1300" blook, three saloons, with
only forty-four signers, and that the nine
saloons on Park street have only 119 sign
ers, whereas they should have 225.
The doctor contends that under the ordi
nance no man has the right to sign more
than one saloon-keeper's petition.
The closing portion ol the letter draws
the trustees' attention "to the most scan
dalous and flagrant violation of tho ordi
nance prohibiting gambling." The doc
tor wants to know "why the police officers
do not clean nut these vipers' nests. It
can hardly be supposed that they are the
only persons in Alameda who are unaware
of these abuses. Perhaps they thinli it is
less trouble to let them alone."
From the Korea.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 12.— Bishop E.
R. Hendrix. who has lately returned from
Korea, preached at the Asbory M. E.
Church to-night Wherever the Bishop
has been he nus always tried to specially
advance the commercial interests of Cali
fornia.
In Xative I)rena.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 12.— Dr. Eric
Lewis spoke at the Y. M. C. A. this after
noon on the Soudan. He has just returned
from that country and gave an interesting
lecture in native costume.
* — « — •— , — —
There are neatly 13,000 breweries in
EDgland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
PRAISES ASCEND
FROM THE GLEN
Salvationists Open Their
Fifth Annual Gath
ering.
A BIG CITY OF TENTS.
A Spirit of Communism Per
vades the Dwellers in
the Camp.
RECEPTIONS AND REUNIONS.
Everything Given Over to SalvatioD,
and Even the Bar Is
Closet).
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
903 Broadway, July 12. f
Hundreds of pretty snow-white tents
repose in Trestle Glen. Flitting about
everywhere among the trees and canvas
houses are people in picturesque cos
tumes, while from every tent-pole can be
seen the stars and stripes and the banner
of the Salvation Army.
The fifth annual encampment of the fol
lowers of General Booth opened to-day
and the pretty glen was as lively as a fair.
If the Volunteer movement has drawn
awayfrom the regular Salvationists it is
not apparent at the camp-meetine, which
is more numerously attended than any
previous gathering of the kind.
As a visitor listens to the singing it re
calls the times of the Covenanters who
gathered in Glencoe, and the freedom and
protection guaranteed the Salvationists,
as contrasted with the oppression from
the English soldiery under the dastardly
command of Graham of Claverhouse, rep
resent exactly the progress of religious
freedom in two centuries.
Officers are there from all over the State
and an impromptu reunion is in progress
the whole day. The tenters were holding
receptions continuously and many clasped
hands who only have the opportunity to
do so at the annual compmeeeting.
A blind man walking through the glen
could have told the nature of the gather
ing. The ear alone would solve any doubt
on that point.
"Hallelujah, so your'ro Btill saved."
"God bless you, sister."
"Praise the Lord, there's brother
Jones."
"Yes, and I'm still happy on the way."
"God bless Father Aaams."
"How's Visalia? "
"Still fighting the dovil."
These are scraps of the salutes and con
versations that are heard all over t ho glen
from morning till nitrht, and after the
light in the western sky has disappeared
little hymns of praise can be heard issu
ing from the interior of the tents as the in
mates chant their farewell to the day and
ask protection through the night.
The large hall erected for and used
nearly all the year as a dancehall does not
look natural iillrd with Salvationists. The
whole glen is turned over to the Salva
tionists for two weeks. Even the refresh
ment-room and bar is closed, nor will it
be opened until the last "hallelujah" is
uttered and the place is abandoned to the
world, the flesh and the devil, till next
year's meeting.
Brigadier Keppel and his staff formally
opened the camp at 7a. m. "The Attack' 1
was the subject, and it wns treated in a
very aggressive ffshion. Major Mclntyre
Bpoke at 11 a. m. on "Save the Others" •
Staff Captain Thomas told of "True Won
ders" in the afternoon, and at night Briga
dier and Mrs. Kepnel talked about "Sheep
and Goats." The large hall was packed at
every service, but even this did not seem
to thin the numbers on the erounds, who
appeared as numerous as when the meet
ing dispersed.
The crowds were very enthusiastic, and
the volume" of. sound that ascended, irom
the glen when all joined In chorus could
be heard half a mile off.
There is a marked appearance of com
munism among Salvationists in camp.
The banner at the door of the tent is a
standing invitation, and officers and
soldiers can be detected making tours of
discovery for old iriends, but strictly con
lining themselves to tents which have the
army coat of arms.
Ensign McFee and his wife of Lifeboat
fame were on the grounds. Serjeant-
Major Brown of Oakland, who established
the work that now flourishes in San Quen
tin, is in camp.
Sergeant Brown's quarters should be
used as a model for campers. He has a
large family, and his tent contains more
to the square foot than can be found un
der any canvas in the glen. The sergeant,
although he saves souls at night and Sun
day, is a hard-working builder during the
• hiv, and is i one of the most unassuming*
men En uniform.
The programme for Monday is:
'"Persistency,'' Ensign Jackson and
Captain Jones; "Bankrupt Lives," Ad
jutant and Mrs. McFee; "Our Faulty
Neighbors," Ensign Evans; "Men Want
ed," Captain and Mrs. Manly.
PIONEER PASSES AWAY.
William Aihlie Died Yesterday Morn
ing at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 12.— William
Ashlie died this morning at his residerce
in Berkeley. Mr. Ashlie was an old pio
neer of Berkeley, having lived here forty
years. He was at one time owner of the
Newberry rancD. He leaves no family,
his wife bavingdied twelve years ago.
Mr. Afchlie wa* 69 year* of age. He
Icave3 two brothers, James Ashlie of Oak
land and Mark Ashlie of Berkeley.
Berkeley Boxing Fever.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 12.— As stated
several days ago, the Crescent Athletic
Club of Berkeley will have a eeries of box
ing bouts at ttieir exhibition to be given
next Tuesday evening. A number of ama
teur local knights of the glove will par
ticipate in the fistic exhibitions. The club
has several very clever boxers, and it is
expected that the performances on Tiles-*!
day night will tend to revive the interest
in the sport in the college town. Several
medals are up and hot bouts are antici
pated, with the possibility of a knockout.
The principal event of the evening will be
a match , between A. .O. Pulztser and R,
Creel man. . './'. 
The five other contests will consist of
four rounds each. C. Demetrak will stand
up against H. Richter. John Armstrong
against C. MikKebon and C. : C. Emerson
against J. MoClellan. Ever of the Acme
Club in Oakland will try conclusions with. |
Ward of the Crescents, and Smidt and I
Fischel, two youths of Berkeley, will also
meet in the ring.
;. — » — ♦ « ■ — _
The largest British bird is the great
bustard.
H. L. Weitzel, Oakland's Ponndmastcr, Whose Love for Dumb Animals Has
Promoted Him to Gather Data From All tho Pounds in the Country.
I
WEITZEL WANTS
A MODEL POUND,
Many Large Cities Advise
Him How to Gain
His Wish.
HE MAKES DISCOVERIES.
Dog-Killing Has Been Brought
Up to a Scientific
Point.
IS MOEE AT SEA THAN EVEE.
Pounds That Are Interesting and
Ponndmasters Tbat Are
Oakland Office San Feascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 12. f
H. L. Weitzel, poundmaster of Oakland,
made a discovery to-day.
A poundkeeper is no longer looked upon
as a human brute who takes supreme
pleasure in tormenting, starving and kill
ing all animals that he can turn loose and
catch.
The time is coming, and in some cities
has already come, when the poundkeeper
is regarded as a humane official whose du
ties are second only to those of the red
cross varieties.
Poundmaster Weitzel knows more to
night about pounds and dogs and the
method of killing them than any other
poundmafeter in the country. He sat at
his desk all of to-day studying. Some
weeks ago he sent letters to all the pound
masters in the large cities of the United
States. To-day he was studying their an
swers. Some were a revelation, many
amusing, but all were interesting.
Mr. Weitzel is ambitious to have a model
pound in this city. It is under the con
trol of the Humane Society, and this has
proved to be the best system for pound
government yet devised.
Atlanta, Ga., is the dog's paradise of the
country. In tnat Southern city curs and
mongrel canines of all descriptions roam
at will. They fear not the policeman with
poisoned meat, nor the man with the
scoop-net. City Clerk J. W. Phillip,
writes: "We hare no dog pound, and do
not catch dogs." If dogs could but be ad
vised of the news what an exodus there
would be from the Pacific Coast to the At
lantic.
At Galveston, nine mounted policemen
catch stock and dogs, and are paid what to
Oaklanders would be two weeks' salary,
viz., $50 a month. Chief of Police W. O.
Jones says his men catch about 350 dogs
during each summer month, and only 1
per cent is redeemed. The 346}£ are ca«
joled into an air-tight room, under which
ia a furnace adapted for burning sulphur.
When the connection is made, the stray
dogs are gently asphyxiated. A peculiarity
of the Galveston ordinance is that it costs
I $3 to redeem a goat and only $1 per head
of stock. This will sound strange to the
Oakland con-owner who has to pay $4
every time his cow his lassoed by the
poundman.
About 400 dogs are caught at St. Louis,
and the pound costs |300 a month. When
the dogs are not redeemed Poundmaster
U. L. Price treats them to a fatal inhala
tion of sulphur fumes.
The pound department of the city of
Chicago is an important part of the gov
ernment. There are eight stock pounds
and six doe-catchers on waeons, and on
each' wagon is a regular police officer.
About 2000 does are caught every month
during the season of six months, and very
few are redeemed. This is the way Super
intendent Eli Montgomery writes of the
manner of destroying dog 3: '"We have an
airtight box that will hold fifty or seventy
five dogs, and a charcoal furnace with
pipe connecting with the box. After kind
ling a fire in the furnace with charcoal we
place sulphur on the fire, the fames of
which are conducted into the box, produc
ing death in a very few minutes.
The Buffalo dog pound is conducted by
the Humane Society, but is under the con
trol of the police. About 700 loose dogs
[ are caught every month, and are placed in
a box rilled with gas. "It takes about fif
teen seconds before the dogs are stiff,"
says Dr. W. Clinson of the Erie County
Humane Society. "No pain or suffering
is noticed, and this method gives general
satisfaction."
The desire to use a gun that prevails in
Arkansas runs even to shooting dogs. Judg
ing by the fees the poundmaster cannot
receive a vory large fortune, as it would
appear that he (rets a large part of his
satisfaction in using his gun.
Chief of Police Frank McMahon says:
"We catch dogs with a wire loop and put
them In a wagon on the spot. We Kill them
by snooting them in the forehead with a
*'\ ill f '' " ■ * '■ V- ' ' ' X J"^ ' '" ' * :* TV *
Auction Sales
GEO. F. IHSQI AUCTIONEER. [
Office— Kearny St.
GRAND AUCTION SALE \ ;
THIS DA Y.-
Monday ... r..v..(.;...;..Jniy"i5; 1896,
■' ; ■ |At 2 o'clock P. m., on the premises,
SCOTT STREET, HAYK.S,
Of ELEOASTSKW FI'RNITI'RE,
and BKIC-A-BUAC. ; Ulegant . Panor Set In bro- 1
caded satin damask: rich new pattern Carpets;
eleptuit Brlr-a-brac: 2 lovely Oak Chamber suits ; !
finest Hair ilattr.sses: handsome Dining-room
•set In oak • l'al ace Table and Chairs to match ; a
grand new, improved Kange: fine Linoleum, with
nil the rooms tilled with new, choice articles of
UouseholJ Goods. •' • ■ ■•
.Remember the hour— 2 p. m.
UKO. F. LAMSOX, Anetloneer.
PAVILIOM Aucnor HOUSE, .
319-331 sutler St., above Grant. Aye.
AT SAI.ESKOO3I THIS DAY, V
MONDAY. July 18. 1896, at 10:30 a. M., a Large
Line cf i*arlor. . Bedroom. rinine-roorn. Library
and Kitchen Furniture and Carpets of every de-
scription, & BAhOH, Auctioneer.
THIS DAY, AT 11 1 M.,
SAUSAGE FACTORY AND
hi PORK STORE-LARGE STOCK.
■ ■ 433 Broadway, >'ear Montgomery.
thirty-eignt Winchester rifle, and hardly
ever have to shoot twice at the same dog.
The poundkeeper rents the pound, and
gets 35 cents for cattle and horses and 10
cents for dogs ana goats. The State law
requires the stock-catcher, where stock is
known to belong outside of city limits, to
drive them to the limits and not impound
them."
Chief of Police Moseley of Memphis,
Term., tells of an ingenious method of
ridding the city of vagrant dogs. He
says: "The pound is under the direction
of the Chief of Police, and the pound offi
cer is appointed by the Police Commis
sioners. He is a uniformed policeman and
receives the same pay, $75 per month. We
employ no deputies, but use one or two
negroes who are working out misdemeanor
fines to go with the officer and drive in
the stock. Our method of destroying dogs
is to prepare about 200 small pieces of
cooked meat, in which we insert a small
quantity of strychnine with the point of a
| sharp knife. Each officer on night duty
takes about twelve of these pieces, which
are put in a small paper bag, and as va
grant dogs pass about on his beat he
throws them a piece of the meat, and in a
few minutes the work is done. The city
pays a scavenger $50 a month to haul
away any dead animal found in the city,
and this includes coisoned dogs."
Tramp canines in New York and Brook
lyn are treated very tenderly. "The whole
of such work is now entirely under the
control of the American Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals," said
John P. Haines, the president. "The men
engaged in the work are paid a monthly
salary. Each man is under a $1000 bond
aud their compensation ia not regulated
by the number of dogs which they seize.
The dogs are caught by hand only and are
Killed by illuminating gas, which, after an
experience of many years, we find is the
most humane and at the same time the
most convenient and economical method
yet devised."
The Humane Society also conducts the
pound at Cincinnati and the 164 dogs
caught each month are driven into a big
box. The lid is put on, the gas turned on
and in about eighteen to twenty minutes
their spirits have departed.
Poundmaster John Foster of Portland,
Oregon, is the only man that resorts to
drowning. "We destroy about a hundred
dogs a month," said Mr. Foster. "In kill
ing them we place them in an iron cage.
They are then lowered in the Colombia
River In numbers of 20 to 25, and after
ward sent to the crematory."
All stray dogs at the National capital are
caught in a net and shot through the
brain. About 250 dogs are treated this
way every month. The pound is con
ducted by the Health Office and costs $400
per month.
Poundmaster G. H. McLaughlin of Phil
adelphia is a facetious individual. His
visiting card contains the inscription :
"Have you been an Odd Fellow twenty
one years? If so, come and join us."
About one-half of the card is taken up
with the most anarlish specimen of a cur
ever caught in a poundman's net,
George Washington Lavender is the
name of a poundmaster of Memphis, Term.
He is evidently a gentleman of color, as
bis letter-heads are eorgeously printed in
the color signified by his name. He does
not believe In hurrying, as his letter in
dicates. It reads:
H. L. Witzel— Yores of the 22 to hand want
ing one City Found reports and regulations I
will make you oute one in a few dayes and
forward it to you with the gratest Pleshure. I
am Kleven years in the Buisiness & will try to
give you the best repourt that I posibley can.
Respectfuly Yores,
George Washington Lavender.
After reducing all his information into
a concise report Mr. Weitzell will present
it to the Humane Society of Alameda
county.
Captured the Band.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 12.— Sergeant
Hodgkins and Officer Clark made a good
haul last night about 11 o'clock, which
furnished two loads for the patrol wagon.
They raided a Chinese gambling den at
353 Eighth street and caught two dealers
and seventeen men, all Chinese and Jap
anese, in the middle of a game of '"pie
quee," as the Chinamen call it. The
policemen guarded the house at both
front and rear doors and captured alto
gether just sixteen Chinamen and the
little brown Japs.
Visit From Dr. Greene.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 12.— Dr. Ed
ward E. Greene, former head of the depart
ment of botany at the State University,
who is now professor at Washington Uni
versity, the Catholic institution in the
District of Columbia, will visit Berkeley at
the end of the present month. Professor
Greene resigned his position at the Uni
versity of California last July to accept
the chair of botany at the newly estab
lished institution in Washington.
No Life on the Moon.
In tho absence of an indication of any
sort of life whatever on the moon, with no
air nor water, together with the
fact that no change of any descrip
tion has been noticed by the keen
and trained eyes which have jealously
scrutinized its surface irom the time of
tho first telescopic efforts to the present
we are compelled to conclude that there are
no people who live in the moon. The
wonderful combination of mountain and
crater, valley and peak, is. after all, only
a vast graveyard; and if living beings
ever roamed over its plains and
navigated its great eeas, now dry,
or frozen with appalling cold, they have
been gathered to the nations of the dead;
and all traces of them having vanished,
the tall shafts of the mountains watch
over their last resting-place, and, with the
crnter rings, constitute their sternal and
magnificent mausoleum. — Ladies' Home
Journal.
aßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jj^A Olio KEAKXY «T. i Established
■TTl^B '" 1 85* for the treatment of I*i-lv»te
Diseases," Last Man hood. Debility or
tHI KB disease wearingonbodyandmlndand
«£tfE Skin Diseases. 'ITip doctor cnreswhen
lOfrV] others fall. . Try him. • Charges low.
r^UKSRIHS * ui«'«Kiiaran U. Callorwrite.
ar, J. kWLBUQX. Bos Ms7.Saq frandaco.
. C. HITHER. AUCTIONEER.
■ Office— California, street, corner Kearny. .
* . . WILL . SELL. ...
THIS DAY.
Monday .......'..". ....X ...... July 13, 1 890,
; Commencing at ]1 a. St.. ; .
All the fine an <1 \veil-*eleeted stock of a
Ory.Ooods and Notion Store, at the cor-
ner of Post and Baker streets.
P. B.— Tills is a tine stock, and my instructions
are to sell all without reserve or limn.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
socxnußN pavific company.
(PACIFIC NVSTK.M.)
Trnlna leit> <> mil] arc due to nrrlfo ul
• t , HAN IIIAXISCO. .i- _ .
.leave — FfioM Juke 7. 189 G. — ariuvi
•0:00*. Nile*. San Joia and Way Stations... S:4sa
7:«>Oa Atlantic Impress. Os'lcn and Kant.. **••!.%»
7:OOa Eenidoi, • Vacavilie, Ilurcsey.-, Bacr*«-
-mento, OroTillo and Reddinft via
Davis ............... «:43p
7:00 a Martinez, Baa Ramon, >'»j>i, Calls-
toga and (Santa 1Um........ 6:13?
8:30 a NOes, .San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento,' Marjsvillo and Rcc
llluir .....;.. ;.;..;;.....;..... 4:i.ip A
•8:30 a Peters and Mi1t0n........ •7:l3p w
0:0« a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.ns Angeles 4i43p
6:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a
0:00 a. Vallejo O:13p
l:00r Niles, San Jose and Llvcrraoro 9:45 v
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers -"0:001*
fl :30p Port Costa and Way Stations * fJ:45p
4:OOi> Martinez, Ban ltainon, Vallcjo,
Napa, Cilia toga, Xt Verano Lad
Santa Rosa o<l3a
*:O»f Benicia. VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights ' Landing, " MarysvilU>
Oroville and .Sacramento 10:45
. 4:30? Kilos, ■ San Jose, Lirormore and -/••->
Stockton 7il»p
4:30r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yo3emite) and Fresno Xlj4la
oiOOp New Orleans Kxprecs. Fresno. Bakers*
- ' ' ' Odd, BanU Barbara, Los Angelet
Dealing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
'2a3t ..; 10:18 a
Bi9op Santa Fo Uottte, : Atlantic Express
::•'.'■ for Mojare and East IC:l5*
5:00p Vallejo 11:43 a
OtO(»i> European Mali, Ogilen and Kust.... I O:l.Ta
6:00 pllay wards, Nllcs and Han Joso 7:45 a
• t7:OO Vaflejo ;......:..;•.... t7:4J5p
I 7:OOp Oregon J!xpress,Harraraento, Marys- - . .
,-i ,*.'- . yule, Itedilitig, Portland, I'nget
■ ■ bound and Vast I0:4Ba
J SAS'I'A CltlZ IHV^;ON (.Nurrorr «iange)7~"
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excnraion, Htnta Cruz
. and Principal Way Stations 18iO3f
8:15 a Nevrark,CeuterTillo,Sai>.lose,Felton
- Bonlder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5............ OiSOp
•»il»p Newark, Ce-jferfillp, San .lose, New
Almauen, IVlton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cnu and Principal Way
Stations.... »1 1 :S0 a
■4«18p Newark. San Jose and T,os 0at05.... 1[«:50a
COAST lU VISION (Ililnl & Touiigoml SU.)
' «6:4Sa San .Jose and Way Stations (New
Alraauen Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
ITiuOa. Sunday Ezcursiun for San Jose. •• ■"
- Santa Cruz, Pacific G rote, ana
■ Principal Way 5tati0n5........... J»:B3p
SilSa Sao Jose, Tres J'lnos, Siinta Crux. • .
. J'acilic Grove. Paso Roblcs, «ac
J,nls OWspo, Guadalnpc and Prin-
cipal Way Stations .........;.. ;. ■ 7rt>3 p
- 18:47 a Palo Alto and Way Station!.;;.;... fl>3op
lO>4Oa San .lose and Way Stations..;...... B:00p
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations. 3:30p
•«:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jos*
- '■ Gilroy, Tres Plnos, Santa Cms, '
1 Salinas, Monterey and I'aciUcGrore *IQ:4Oa
•S:3op San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations , *l;30F
•4:30r San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 'Stooi
S:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:4Ma
C::iOi- San* Jose aud Way Stations ■. 0:."5.v
11:45p San Jose and Way Stations t?:43p
SAX LKANimo AND HAtWAUUS LIX'AL.
«»O:OOa°) ■•:'!>' ( 7:13 a
8:OOa I (0:43 a
i0.02t MelTPse,Be»iMryP«k, \\%si
'"!!}& Fltchb«rg,S«ale»ndro »f:lgj
8:00p M 4 '. : 4:*3p
4:00p ' ' 8:45p
0:00p . Barwards - C:l3p
«:30p M«rw»ro». 7t43p
7:00p • . N 8:45 p
Sloop < Bum through to Nil*. molto'
ttll:lspj tgrom>Ues. (. t<l2:OOT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from Sift mKCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip B}—
•7:16 9.00 11:00 a.m. tl:OO. *2:00 J3:08
•4:00 ■ JC:CO- *6:00 p.m. ;
from OAHIHD— Foot of i a j.— ; 6-.00 • 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl3:00 . •1:00 *2:00 *3:00 ?• t4:ofl
-"S:oop.m;- - •: ■•■■•-•- ; -■ -
A for Morn in ' P for Afternoon.
• Sundays ezcepted. ' ■■'•'.'■■ t Saturdays only
■ • J Sundays only.
. ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
5 Satunlay3 and Bnndaya for Banta Cruz.
*' FtrihAty* aid » T ■ ' ■ ■> ' '■■- *« '•■■•>
SM FR4IVCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
| San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYB-7-.30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:31
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. U. - Thursdays-Extra trio
. at 11 :3O p. jc Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:3«
and 11:30 p. it . •
BCNDAYS-7 230, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6 :00. 6:20 P. m. ■
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYB-e:l5, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
-13:46. 3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdaye— Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. it. and 6:35 p. it i ,••■■.■-.. . ;
BXJNDAYS-7:35, 9:aa, 11:10 a. it: 1:40, 3:4 ft
o:U0, o:2o P. it '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
■ schedule as above, ■■•>:■. .-. . . ■ ;-
Ij **'** •■ inpiiJ " 'Arrive . •
Ban Francisco. ; A pru s : San Franclaca • ■
Week Btjx- ue^J^m- ~~Bv7- Week"
Dayb. I pays. ■"esUnatlon. - BAYg> - | Day^
7:30 am i 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 px 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pk 10:10 kit
6:10 pm [6:00 PM Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
~~~ Fulton, •'<■- .• "
7:30 am .. Windsor, - . 10:10 am
; " Healdsburg,
■' . Geyserville,
8:30 7:30 ami Cloverdale, 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_____ . ___ . ____
Pieta. ~~
7:30 am Hopland & - 10:10 am a
3:3UPMi 7:30 am Uktah. 7:30 TV 6:15 pm
7:80 am •■ i - . - 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 •
3:30 PM j . , ■,■.-. 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
-. ■ .: - : and ». .:,;.-.
6:10 pm ' 5:00 pm Glen Elian. '6:05 pm 1 6:16 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am ! tt y taat n n ni 1 10:40 am 10:10 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm! Seoaatopol. | 6:05 p)f | 6:15 pm
. Stages connect at Santa - Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyßervllle for Ska?gs Springs: at
Clovcrdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Spring, Kelseyvllle, Soda Hay and i^ikeport; at
Ilopland for Lakeport and liartieu Springs: nt
Vkioh for Vichy borings, Saratoga Springs, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late, Porno, Potter
Valley, ' Joan Day's, .Riverside, Llerley's, Buck- '
nells, Sanhedrln Heights, Hnllvilie, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mcndoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wastport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
Telo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
MA ■■:..;.-. ■ _ -. ..; -■ . -  •■: .. ... • ./
On Sundays round-trip tickets to ell points b»
yond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
• Atlantic -^iffitaftgsfkik -
Trains leave and arrive at K»fe^^^l»W^?f
Market-Street Ferry. ■KpSw .'■--"
SANTA FE EXPMSS. WSjiM
To Chicago via A. & I'.^%f^^kQ^H[
Direct Line - **aS^£>-^Q^J
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., carry i hi; ruilruna
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up.
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding or.d in charge of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
tor Denver and St. Louis. ■ ■ . . .- '■ ■ - .
Persona 1 ; conducted ' Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
•i' The . best railway. from California' to the East. '
New rails, new lies: no dust; in'.erestlnc scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
'. Ticket Office-644 Market Street, : .
Chronicle Building. "
Telephone Main 1531. ... ' -=  .
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
• (Via Sansalito Ferry).
Item San Francisco, i ommpncinj June 15, 1898.
WEEKDAYS. . . i .., .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *BrOo
♦9:16 10:16, 11:45, a. m.; »1:15, V.20, 4:15,
. 6:16.*e:00. 0:35 p.M. "(■ :•..<••.'. .7.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dne»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, and ■ San ■ Rafael— •B:oo, *9:00
• •10:00.11:30 a. m.;*»J2:Bj, »l:80, »2:15, »4:od
6:air, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Kitra trip to Bausalltoat
11 :00 a.m. .-..•.-..■■■.. : ...
Trains marked ♦ run to San Qnentln. ••12:30
■ p.m. docs not run to Mill Valley. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
"- For Point Reyes ana , way stations— B:oo a. m.
Ba n days: y a. m. .-vii it s; 5:15 p. m. weekdays!
- For.-fomt Reyes, < Cazadero and way staUonw
iiQC^lUfllinaam.l:i&p. M. weakdaVs- l!
1112
SUPT. M'LAREN'S
IDEA OF A DRIVE,
1
One Across the City From
the Park to the
Mission.
SOME MORE YOUNGSTERS
A Reminder of the First Vigi
lance Committee Presented
to the Museum.
A PECULIAR BALLOON FLOWER
Kanakas in the Surf Near the Cliff
House — Mayor Sutro Spontaneously
Cheered— The Chutes.
Superintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park is a man who is a great admirer of
nature and who has an eye for natural
beauties, and more than that he is a prac
tical man wtio knows where art may as
sist and improve nature's work.
He is a firm believer in the necessity of |
parks for the people, and next to parks he j
believes that they ought to have drives. 1
While it is true that the main park is one
of the finest in the United States, there is i
a lack of tine drives and many persons
who would locate in San Francisco fail to
do so on account of lack of roads over i
which they could drive, and seek homes J
in territory across the bay.
Superintendent McLaren has an idea that
at a comparatively small cost a new drive
could be built which would not only prove 1
an additional attraction to the City, but be
the means of developing a section of
country that is little known.
"This road," said Mr. McLaren, "could
connect with Golden Gate Park at Seventh i
avenue. It could be built so as to run •
south, then along a little creek, through a j
canyon where there is an easy, natural >
grade, pass by that large cluster of euca- j
lypius trees that is visible to any one rid
ing on the San Mateo electric line of cars,
and connect with the road leading to the
House of Correction and from there to the
Mission district. That could be made a
cross country drive about nine miles in 1
lenuth. one that has much wild natural
rock scenery, and one which for the most !
part would have the advantage of being !
sheltered from the high winds which pre
vail at times.
"The people in the East appreciate the
value ol good roads, and they are spending
money to make such, in order to keep j
people within the territory in which they
run. By that means people are prevented
from going to other sections where there
are fine and attractive drives. To me it is
•stoniafaing that the matter has not been :
agitated long ago.*'
The animal family in the Park is still on !
the increase. Last week there was an ad
dit ion in the deer park of two does and a
baby elk, making seven births in the Zoo I
within three weeks, "and the way things j
is running," said the policeman in that J
section of the Park, % 'I don't know how j
many more there's going to be before j
summer is over." The baby buffalo was ■
out from under cover yesterday, and he |
was watched by a large number of people.
As yet the Commissioners have not laid
out any work for the future, but they are
busy examining plans, one in particular,
that (or the proposed bridge on Ihe main ;
drive over the large tunnel recently com- '<
pleted.
During the past week the museum has !
been enriched by a number of curiosities. ■
One is a certificate of membership in the i
first Vigilance Committee of San Fran- j
cisco. It is printed on blue paper, bears j
date of June 9, 1856, and the signature of 1
Selim E. Wood worth, president, and Isaac ]
Biuxome Jr., secretary, and was issued to ■
L. E. Wakeman. This, with other his- j
toric papers, an eskimo canoe, covered j
with walrus skins, and a pair of Alaskan
snowshoes were contributed by Colouel A. I
S. Hubbard.
F. H. Lattin donated a number of birds' ;
eg£S. J. L. Bardwell turned in a number !
of articles, including two peculiar-shaped j
silver-covered goblets or chalices, two j
fancy birch boxes covered with porcupine 1
quills, a peculiarly shaped bottle made by
the Haida Indians on Queen Charlotte
Island and a very large tortoise shell.
J. Z. Davis has donated to the museum
more than a hundred Indian specimens,
which for a long time he had on exhibi
tion in the Mining Bureau in this City.
The walfcs in front of the new lodge in
the park have been covered with a coating
of coarse gravel, mixed with broken sea
shells from the ocean beach. This has
proved so satisfactory that it is probable
gravel of this character will be used as a
toi> dressing for the footpaths in the park.
• In the conserve tory. Head Gardener Hol
brow is happy because he has a number of
new blossoms to display. One is in the
circle under the dome, "it is the flower of
a very attractive growth, a native of Bra
zil, the leaves of which are remarsable for
their many perforations. The flower, which
is nearly ten inches long, is cream white,
in some places nearly an inch thick and
looks very much like ar. immense un
opened magnolia with a quarter section
sliced off from top to bottom. Within it
there is a large growth that, when the
flower withers, ripens and tastes like a
mealy apple. "It's edible," said Mr.
Holbrow, "but I do not think any one
would hanker for it." This plant,
called the Monstera Deiiciosa, or
delicious monster, is a creeper in
South America, clingin k to trees as does the
common ivy. The uppermost leaves are
sometimes a hundred feet above the
ground. From various heiehts on the pa
rt nt stem there spread tendrils the thick
ness of a finger, the ends of which reach
and bury themselves i.i the ground. By
means of them a person may climb to the
top as easily as a sailor can climb up toe
shrouds of a yessel.
There was the usual large crowd at
"Sutrovilleby-the-Sea," and those who
visited the baths were entertained with
racing in the big tank, trapeze perform
ances over the water, the wonderful per
formances by Mme. Yiiz and trained
cockatoos.
During the afternoon Mayor Sutro
descended to the platform where bathers
only are allowed, and while standing
there he was greeted with "hurrahs" from
the bathers, cheers from men in the gal
leries and the waving of handkerchiefs by
the ladies iv every part of the building.
It was a sort of spontaneous ovation, and
the Mayor acknowledged it by gracefully
raising his hat and bowing to those who
thus unexpectedly honored him.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon there was
an immense crowd on the pier of the'
Olympic Salt Water Company and on the
beach near it. Two Kanakas were swim
ming in the surf just for exercise. They
appeared as much at ease in the heavy
breakers as if tbey had been in the smooth
est water.
At the Halght-street grounds there was
v greater crowd yesterday afternoon than
has been there for some time. The Casino
was crowded to ita utmost capacity by
tin se who wanted to witness the excellent
vaudeville performance presented. The
evidences of the recent fire are rapidly dis
appearing, and ail day yesterday a force of
men were making repairs so that the
scenic railway may be in running order
to-morrow.
Some of the grades are being slightly
altered, and the tunnel, which was over
the Casino, will be erected over the eastern
end of the track.
A novelty has been placed on the .
ground. It is a mechanical panorama. '
worked by electricity, and is the result of
three and a half years' work of a young
man named Fraser. It is an ingenious .
piece of work and very interesting.
The performances in the Casino are con- (
tinued every afternoon and evening, and -
tbey draw well.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALaCE HOTEL.
Mrs N P Ctaipman, R Bf G T Putney, Illinois 1
W F Fr«y <fe w, Berkeley O Green. Chicago
R J F Fitzhew Jr, N 1 rk W Muldoon, Chicago
E Van siyck. Fortiand E Leeds. Chicago ,
J W Achorn. Boston C Fisher, Chicago
L X Vance, Vallejo F C Martin, B Africa
R Read, New York J Devln?, Washington
J B Faris'u. Denver J W Stout, Philadelphia :
Bliss Harvey J Muchmore, New York
F Souza. San Carlos J W English, New Y"ork
C H Cross. Yokohama C H Erwin, New York
A S Brown, Philadelphia A S Brown, Philadelphia
M Niswander, I ti Doric H V Henson, Yokohma
W H Ehristel, Hongkong F Koenigs, Dublin
W Montgomery. Cincnti G F Train. B ston
F Clayton, Hongkong Ed Marks, Hoboken
C H Clark, India G Cable. Coney Island
H Purely, New York G Woods, Newark
C Stevens. New York F Marsh. Halifax
G Lamb, Chicago J Watson, Spokane
b Arthur, Spokane ill Haywood, Spokane ,
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs A D Tripp, Peoria H S Trlpp. Peorla
A H Hayes, Boston W S Weymouth, Drytwn
J Matbews, Sacto S Caro, Cal
C W Ellis, Oakland O P Dunlng, Oakland
W S Seaman, St Maria J O Manning, Los Ang
E A Hamilton, Chicago A Radke, Fresno
Geo A Johnson, Los Ang Mrs McGanney, Cal
Miss McGanney, Cal Mrs H Thorpe, Sacto
J V Ellis, San Rafael Mrs E BTomkinion.StM
L C Koberg, wf, San J GY' Boilingcroup, San J
Mrs Allen, Victoria W W Oak. s, wf, Stocktn
G W Orr, Willows Mrs E Escher, Paso R
J S Mills, Stockton Miss Heaton, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs S C Parsons, Ga Mrs Melville, Oakland
G Rotbermel, San Jose B S Galiand. New York
W W Nolan, New York G L Kirby, Vallejo
J J Groom, Ulen Ellen C B Hart, Stockton
J B Foley, Stockton G H Atkinson, Ohio
W Lawton. New York W* H Hathaway, Merced
H S Hampshire, Cal J C Fly, Napa
B Fly, Napa T Burtis, New York
P J Wilson, New York F A Jones, New York
H R Carter, Vallejo E Irwin, London
8 Brooks, London Mrs D Connley, La
NEW WEBTERN HOTEL.
J F Baker. Fair Oaks C S Willis, Paris
W Olsen, Los Angeles W J Gately, Los Angeles
A Morrows 4 w, S Jose D Fisher Aw, san Jose
J R Doyle. Ogden il s Hall, Omaha
J R Brandt, Angel Islnd J V Brien, Angel Island
A Schmidt, Los Angeles T Roy, Los Anueles
C S Runyon, NY J B Heath, Sonora
R T Holmes, Madera J N Proctor. Petaluma
X L Smith. Salinas II C Mattock, San Jose
E A us, San Jose J King. Ireland
L Fisher & w, Ireland f King, Gal way
L a Lindo. Li s Angeles
NOTICE OF MKKTINGa.
f^5S» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. m
m*&. -.60, F. and A. M., corner Geary and A
Stoinor sts.— Called meeting THIS (MON- M
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Firsi/V>
degree. By order of the master. . •
•• HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
»^3S» OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22. m
m& F. and A. M. — Called meeting M\
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30X3f
o'clock. First degree. By order of W. M. f^fy
■'■-:■•■■ EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
»^3S= HERMANN LODGE NO. 127, F. ■
*«*' and A. M.— Called meeting JTHIs g\
DAY (MONDAY). July 13, 1-96, at 7:30 Vlf
o'clock p. it. Degree 2. By order of the /V\
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary
Jt!^= SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER ft
m~C No. 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets Mb
THIS EVENING. .M. M. degree. TCjF
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /^r>
ttS^ANNUAL MEETING IMPROV- <*v.
"P-*^ ed Order of Jled Men's Hall Asso-^le^ii,
elation of san Francisco.— he annual i»2r~-
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will oe held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post su, for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYB, President.
William J. Smith. Secretary.
IKS?" EINTRACHT SPAR UND BAT YE-
I»-^ rein— The annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the above-named association for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other busintss as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the association, Elmracht Hall, 237
Twelfth St., on TUESDAY. July 14. at 7:30
o'clock p. m, Polls open from 7 -.30 to 9:30 o'clock
p.m. ■ Fourteenth series now open; shares $100;
duessl; interest 8 per cent; no premium: shares
mature in 78 months: meetings second Tuesday,
t F. HUt- SCHMIDT, PresidenU
* Hex by Gills, secretary.
■Eg 3 ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
«»-» annual meeting of the stockbo.ders of the
; San Francisco and san JoHquln Valley Railway
1 Company will be: held at the office of the com-
-1 pany, 321 Market st., San Francisco. Cal., on 1
TUESDAY; the 21st day of July, 1596, at the '
hour of 'A p. m... for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary. '
*~S* THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
15^^ stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for he election of directors for the en-
suing year and for the transaction of such other
business as maybe brought before the meeting,
will be held at the company's office, 229 Steven-
I son st-, sun Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. U. Transfer books
wijl close July 3, at sp. x. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
v J. K. GREEN. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
1 (^^"gßAtTd OP^ENINcT TUESDAY
■ m*£? evening, July 14. In honor of the cele-
i bration. JOHN WAGNER'S Exchange, 649 How-
' ard st. Everybody cordial Invited.
i |K3p 'PILES— PETER' FREILING'S PILES
! m*& Salve cures all cases of blind, bleeding, Itch-
-1 Ing, internal or protruding piles; price $1 per box.
! For sale at 1628 Devlsadero su, also at 108 and
: 228 Bran nan st. .
jt^S* DR. ALFRED W. PERRY HAS RE-
; Sfc-JS" moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
. Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
i residence to 2711 Sacramento st. ■ 7.
J THE SECRETARY OP THE SAN
! Bfc-~*» Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum Bo-
i ciety hereby. gives notice that the . following or-
| phan and half-orphan girls and boys have been
; admitted to this institution from January 1, 1896,
i to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
• E. Kelly, 32 yrs.; Maud A. Bloodworth, 12 yrs.-
I Em. ma G. Maas, 6 yrs.; Eveline Griswold, 6 yrs. :
] Lovlna M. Korb, 11 yrs.: Lillle M. Robbins, 11
I yrs.: Eva L. Bobbins. 9i/a yrs.: Alice M. Robbtns.
18 yrs.; Mary Goetz, 9 yrs. ; Mary J. Peterson, 10
I yrs.; Bessie M. Peterson, 3 yrs; Marion Ft zger-
-1 aid, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs.; William A.
Scott, 10 yrs.; Harry Clements, 12% yrs.; Clyde
Clements, 11 yrs.: Edwin Clements. 9 yrs.; Charles
E. Korb, 10 yrs. : George A. Korb, 8 yrs. ; William
I F. Korb, 7 yrs.: Philip Mnhhas, 10 yrs.; Majil
; Mahhas, 8 yrs.: John L. McGowan, 6 yrs.; Vilroy
I H. Maas, 8 yrs.; William H. Maas, 8 yrs.; Robert
R Golden, 6 yrs.; Edwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.: Frank-
j lin J. Korb, 5 yrs.: John H. Korb, 12 yra.: Samuel
I D. Korb. 2 yrs.: Walter J. Murdock, 8 •. rs.; George
j C. Bobbins, 6 yrs.: Richard H. Jirjens, 9 yrs.;
i William L. Jirjpns. 7 yrs.; George Jirjens, 5 yrs.:
I Edward Ooetz. 8 yrs. : Walter Goetz, 4 yrs. ; James
;F. Peterson. , 5 yrs.: Roy Sobey, 4 yrs.: Gerald
I Fitzgerald, 9 yr<., and George Long, 9 yrs.
|E^js> BAD . TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
I t*"-*^,- collections made, city or country. Pacific
I Collection Co.. 415 Montgr wt.. room B. . To. 5580
l>lVlDJfiNl> NOTICES.
■Kg? ; DIVIDIsND NOTICE— THE NEVADA
w^ Bank of San Francisco— The Board of
Directors o i this bank have declared ' a dividend
(No. 17) for the quarter ending June 30. 1896, at
the rate of six (6) per cent per annum, payable on
and after July 15. Transfer-books will be closed
from the 10th to the 16th inst.. both days inclusive.
I). DAVIDSON, Secretary.
j San Francisco, July 9, 1896.
SITUATION* WASTEU-FKMALK.
R~hXnsfTn~&" ca , 110 gear y ST.;
• furnish the best family and . hotel help. Call
at office, shone or mail us your oniers: ■ Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ;
W ANTED-A. SITUATION BY , ENGLISH
" woman, In American or English family pre-
j ferable: first-clais cpok; and would take care of
growing children; thoroughly experienced. Apply
1153 Howard st. , ...
SITUATION wanted by A respectabTe
girl to do light housework in private family;
reference If required; *no postals ' answered. 1606
Pacific st., near Polk.
IV OMAN WITH A CHILD WAN IS SITUA-
TT - tion; city or country; la good cook and can do
general housework. .. Call or address 221 Minna.
SITUATION WANTED TO CARE - FOR . IN-
vaild or children : in city or country. Address
1221 O' Parrel! su, room 14. . -. -> . ;
LDERLY. LADY WISHES SITUATION TO
do light housework ; . city or country. "; Address
or call 216 Minna st. . ■'.- -
I V ODNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION
I X to do light housework. 31V4 Boardman place,
In rear. ' . . - . r '
V XPERIENCED LAUNDRESS. WORKS BY
j^the day in private families. 358Vfr Jf sale su "
SITUATION *V a NTED :BY PROTESTANT
girl In American family: is good cook: win as-
slst In housework; city references. 1013^ Larktn.
1 \KESSMAKER, FIRST- CUTTER
J-' and titter, would like few more - engagements
by the day at $1 25. 1717 Ellis su ' - ■
YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN WANTS WORK
■*■ by, the day. : Call or address 858 Minna at. :
SITUATION BY YOUNG.LADY, STRANGER
In city, for light housework: small wages. Ad-
' dress F. F.;' box 142, Call Office. :
\\T OMAN ; DKSIKES"" WASHING . AND
TT housework by the day : $] . 759 Mission sU
GIRL, 16, WOULD i LIKE . SITUATION TO
do light housework and care of children. Ad-
dress 14 lsis St.. off 12th. ' ' ■" ._■ : .--.,» r ;
WIDOW.UNINCUMBERED.EXPKRIENCED
TT in slckuesi and care lof .Invalid: thorough
housekeeper: has best of references. Address B.
S., box 143, Call Office. ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTKD-Contimied. :
"^MERICAN 'WOMAN : DESIRES POSITION
/*. as housekeeper; good cook : ' city "or country.
395 Market su, room 14.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY, GOOD
' cook, wants position as housekeeper. Apply
321 Bush st. ; > ' ;
DRESSMAKER WISHES ..WORK IN FAM-
XJ . Hies;, terms, $1 per i day in dull season.' Ad-
lress Dressmager. box 70. call Office. \
WANTED— NURSING BY THE, WEEK. OR
'» would care for an invalid; terms reasonable.
Address Nurse, 917 Pacific at.
COMPETENT RELIABLE- WOMAN WANTS
\J housework by the day, $1 per uy and car fare.'
Call from 1 to 6 P. m. 667 ..liuna St., cor. Eighth,
room 1 3, second floor. . ':" .<^ " 1 -. j
p IRL WISHES POSITION AS FIRST-CLASS
VJ cook; American family preferred; refeence.
Call 1435 Sit-iiier .~i. t> ..
A I " OUNG WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK,
X washiug . aud - ironing by -, the day, week or
month. 713% Clementina st., near Eighth.
S BOOHS COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $35. 609
O K-arny sU. room 8. !'
A MERICAN LADY WISHES FEW MORE EN-
A gagements to do nursing. Apply or address'
203 Bartiett St., near Twenty-third, in rear. ■ ;
WEDISH LADY WOULD LIKE WORK BY
the day; also washing and • ironing. 2914
Twenty-first su. near Harrison, in rear. • '
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WIDOW, WITH A
XV small boy. wishes a situation as housekeeper
or as cook lor, a family. Add, s. M., box 14, Call.
EASTERN GIRL, GOOD WORKER, WISHES
XU situation' for general housework. Apply 302 !
Liberty St., near church.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES 81TUATION AS
cook or general : housework. Apply 1672
Thirteenth aye., East Oakland. ■ ■ '
rr.o housewives — Columbia employ-
X ment Agency, 128 " Fourth St., furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel. black 1353.
■[EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID OR
xj housekeeper wishes a situation. Address 1031
Market st. room 8. ; -
RELIABLE CHAMBERMAID OR WAIT-
XV ress desires a situation. Address 1031 Market
St., room 8. "TSBStttSWOn
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper or for chamberwork; country pre-
terred. Address H. H.. box 79, Call Office. ;
YOUNG WIDOW ROM THE EAST WISHES
X position as housekeeper: city or country. . 1020
Market, or 15 Eddy, room 20, second floor.
OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RE-
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated; also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye. ■ •
V OUNG DAN ISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
X to do chamberwork, second work or light
housework. Address P. O. box 851, San Rafael.
SEAMSTRESS WISHES A SITUAUON; IS
O a good dressmaker; references. Address I* S. f
609 Jones St.
(COMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, hajn-
berwork or sewing; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market su. room 19.
PANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
O tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin st., room 3. -
ITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED '
Swedish widow in a lodging-house or small
family or to work in a kitchen; no objections to
the country. Please address for 3 MRS. -W.
M. T., box 96. Call Office. '. -
INCHES 1 EH HOUSE. 44 THIRD • ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry. .
SITUATIONS WANTKU-3IALE.
RriIANSEN & cS!riI O~aEARY^6TC F U R-
• nish ■ haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. . Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
/CHINESE . AND JAPANESE RELIABLE '
'help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKY&CO.. 640 Clay. j
P C. «. CUOK'3 Mil. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
XT .branches :shor; lour •-. 14 Ueary. tel.Grant43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J office: best help. SI4B Sutler: lei <> rant SO.
J CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT I
V office: best heln. .414 I._.1 ._. I>' Kanvll ; tel. K. 428. !
OARBERS— GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
X) for $10 per week: city or country. Address
Barber, box 108. Call Office. ' |
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE A SITUATION TO '
work on small ranch near city; good refer- |
ences. J. D., box 91, this office.
YOUNG COLORED MAN WANTS A BITU~
ation to drive for a doctor and make himself:
generally useful around he office. J., box 94, Call
Office. ; I
BARBER— A FIRST-CLASS YOUNG BARBER
wants steady position, or help out evenings,
Saturdays and Sundays. S. s.. box 91, < all Oflire.
A STRONG YOUNG MAN WANTS SITU.\-
XjL tiou to drive truck or delivery wagon; exper- I
ienced. S. S., box 91. Call Office. !
pHINESE WANTS PLACE: FIRST-CLASS
\J cook, houseworker and washer In family;
city or coun;r3". WONG HOON, 776 Clay st.
\U ANTKD— BY A YOUNG M AN. WHO HAS
'• bad 6 years' experience, a position as travel- !
ing salesman. Add res 1 . M., box 115, Call.
T^IRsT-CLASS cTttj-;k TaIL-jR ANTS A !
-I position: city, or country. Address C. N., box :
146. Call Office. . .
YELDr.RLY MAN WITH GOOD REFER-
ences, steady habits, place in private family:
care horses, cows, garden ; small wages. Address
Steady, box 13, Call. -
CTIVE YOUNG MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
ment: ' Is handy with tools. Address A. A.,
box 27, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
'» man) in kitchen, wait on table or other work:
city ■or country. Please address H. VIELITZ,
631 Sacramento st., room 23. ■
N EXPERIENCED WIN F. MAKF. R, WITH
good references. is looking for a position as
foreman. Address WINE, box 85. Call Office.
W ANTED— MAN ASSIST NIGHTWATCiI, 6
*< feet ta:l; steady; sober; small wages; i-ood
home. Address A. B. C, box 6, Call, Oakland.
"VTOUNO GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER, j
X cabinet-maker and * general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina su
I* ■ INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eas'ern and san Francisco references
irom last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call Office.
\y INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
if Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus an 1 baggage to and from the ferry.
p RADUATE .OF , STENOGRAPHY AND
'.X bookkeeping desires a position In some whole-
sale and commission nouse; wages not a particu-
lar object; best of references furnished. Address
B. R., box 74, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH IN GENERAL
-T work and horseshoeing: can - do a little wood
work; would, like to have : situation to go in the
country. Address S. 8., box 74. Call Office.
l/IRST-CLASS ; CARPENTER AND CABI-
-T net-maker, used to all kinds of mill work, wants
situation in country town: is also cornet-player;
cau read on sight. ; Address T. X., 1227 Green su
PAINTER— PRACTICAL . PAINTER AND
X paper-hanger, strictly temperate, wants work
by day or Job, city or country: will work cheap.
Address Painter, box 103, Call Office.
ASTERN BREAD-BAKER WANTS A SIT-
Xli nation in 'first-class shop; any hand; city or
country. Call or address 201 Ash aye. -
WINCHESTER HOUSE, ~44' THIRD. NEAR
.Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 ' per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and liaecn"" 10 ant from the ferry.
.' ; IEMALE HTTLT -.WAM'KI).. ■.
ANTED"— BCAVbI NAVIASV;"s"E"c'o J N"D
girl; $26; forewoman lor cracker bakery: bis-
cuit peeler: a large number uf girls of all national-
ties for housework, city and country, $20 and $25.
Apply J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 312 Mutter sU
I FRENCH COOK, 825: NURSE, $16, SAME
r house. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
WOMAN OB AS COMPANION AND
I" light work, $10. MI-<- CULLEN, 32S Sutter.
GERMAN COOK, $35: SECOND GIRL, $25;
VJ. nurse: $20; 12 housework girls. city and coun-
try- $20 and $25; 6 young (Ms, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler St. v
DRESSMAKER^ $10 PER WEEK. MISS
XJ CULLEN, 323 Sutter st»
OOK FOR SAN RAFAEL. SEE . LADY AT
12 o'clock; ' girl for ■ second . work and sewing,
$25;; 2 young nursegirls, ■ $15; 8 girls for house-
work and assist, wages $12 to $25. MRs. li iui),
721 Ellis st. v
lady~Troners FOR fine work, COUN-
try steam laundry,' $25 and $30 '- and found:
French ironef for French laundry, $26 and found;
German laundress for springs, $20; Scandinavian
woman ■to do laundry work and chamberwork,
country resort, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. . ..•■■-■-".- - ■'■-, ■. "•.- " ■■; ■" .:,.■
p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK, SAN LEANDRO.
*X $20: Oakland, $20; Alameda, $25: Alvarado.
$15: ranch cook, $15: woman and child, cook on
ranch, $15: for Sonoma County ,*" $ 20; nurse, $16-
-second girl, Antioch, $16: 10 girls for housework'
$15i0525. C. R. 11 AN SEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st!
O WAIT ESS SAME V RESORT,. $20; 2
— waitresses,"- same springs, $20: 3 waitresses'
same country hotel, see party.' her- Monday, jo ;o
11, $20. each; 2 waitresfs, hotel, 'Fresno,- s2o*
waitress, hotel near city. $20: chambermaid, assist
waiting, city, $20; waitress, hotel, city, $20: cook,
boarding-house, Alameda, $25. • . C. 'R. it AN SEN
<fe CO., 110 Gearys:. . . .-*."■
'1 l\ WAITRESSES SPRINGS AND COUNTRY
IV hotels, $20 each; cook, : few boarders, $15,
free fare; woman with a child, $10, ace party here
9 A. X. Monday; woman a with child, $8; anl
others. MURRAY & READ Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay su. .
OCSEKEEPER. COUNTRY; $10: WOMAN
' with a child preferred : apply early. Ml" 111; A V
A READY, Leading Employment • Agents. 634-
-636 Clay st. . . ,• ; •. : /.
\\r ANTED— GERM A N; OR SCANDINAVIAN
■■ y " : girl • for small distance, country, $20 ; French
second girl, $20: cook' and laundress on branch,
$25: French cook.- country, $25 :inursei: same
p!ac». *12 ; to s $15: waitress, > hotel, city,*- 820:
LEON A.<U:ii. Mb Stocktons'.. ,
UVAITRESS: COUNTRY HOTEL: $25. HO-
: 'i TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny sU
_ r ;. HELPIWAJCTED- Contlnned .
GIRLS, GENERAL HOUSE AVORK: TSIS :
one German; ' other ' positions. ' Employment
Office, 128 Fourth su ~. ::■:..".
YOUNG GIRL 14 TO 15 YEARS OF AGE TO
1 assist •in - light housework. - Apply -at • 1509
Broderick su; near Sutter. - '
\\T ANTED— GIRL TO COOK AND .DO GEN-
»» eral housework in country; wages $15. - Call
322 Turk sU ■ ■ - ' •- - - ■ ■■. -\ - , ;
A'OUNUGIRL WANTED FOB HOUSEWORK
X' and sewing; can learn dressmaking. " 1606 Cal-
ifornia sU .-.. . - . ' " ■_ •-.
IDDLK-AGED WOMAN t OR GIRL: CARE
2 children and light housework. ■ 202 : Town-
send st. ■ .
TYPESETTER WANTED. 1007 FOLSOM ST.
$3 to $5. • •.■•■-■ -■ -,'
QPEBATORS. 32% FREMONT ST.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK:
wages $10. 253 Stevenson st.
W ANTED— GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
'' work. Apply 2324 Pine sU
\\r ANTED— GOOD HANDS ON VESTS; ALSO,
" apprentice of experience. .. 641 Stevenson st. .
T r ADY FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK, 3 ADULTS.
■*-< Call 101 Bust St., corner Mason.
V" O 6 N~G GIRL.OR ELDERLY WOMAN FOR
-*- li;;h: housework; a good home. 729 Larkln st.
MUR^EOIRL;: MUST SLEEP AT HOME.
■*■*■ Apply early 309 Powell su
GIRL FOX HOUSEWORK AND COOKING.
Apply 937 Halght st., beu 1 and 4 P. m.
Gl ERMAN GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK
>J and cooking. Apply 1308 Polk st.
"U" ANTED— YOUNG GIRL' TO TAKE CARE
*' .of children. 1308 Leavenworth su
1 RONER WANTED AT THE BUN LAUN-
X dry. 768 Seventh st., Oakland. - -. :. - -■
A PPRENTICE WITH SOME "EXPERIENCE
-£*. on custom coats. 230 Seventh st. . . - -;--.■
T A DIES, I MAKE BIG WAGES AT HOME,
J-J and want all to have the same opportunity:
the work Is very pleasant and will easily pay $18
weekly: this Is no decep:ion; I want no money
and will gladly send full particulars to all sending
stamp. MISS M. A. STKBBINS, Lawrence, Mich.
\Y ANTED— SEVERAL ACTIVE ANDP LEAS
: »». ing lady canvassers to introduce an attractive
novelty; excellent seller. 819 Market St., room 24.
YV ANTED— COMPETENT YOUNG LADY TO
'» read proof ; shorthand type-writer: state sal-
ary expected. Apply J., box 74, Call Office.
WANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
*' school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable, 410 Lea veil worth St. '
IjIIRST-CLaSS TAILORESS ON FINE COATS;
X no others. 1228 Market s»., rooms 1 and 2.
THIRST-CLASS COi.K; MUST HAVE CITY
X references. 1150 Fulton st., cor, scott. '
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR GENKRAL
XiX housework. Apply Monday morning 655 Capp.
13EF1NED-LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
■*> business. . Call 131 Post, room 21.
L'lKsi-il.A^s OPERATORS ON SINGER OR
X Wheeler* Wilson: electric power. 309 Hayes.
IjURST-CLASS S A L i SLAD Y ON CORSETS;
reference. Address C. C, box 57, Call Office.
<•) GIRL'S WANTED. 817, KEARNY STREET.
HAIRDRESSINO. 25c AND 35c: MOP.MNU
and eve classes: 101essons.$l 60. 1248 Mission.
L>KRFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
->- making taught,' $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy, Market.opp. Palace Hotel.
LADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third sU, near Market;
WO rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6
)<-rue.'t>: tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
UALJJ uUP WASTED.
V»" ANTED^EDG^R^A^T^O^A^^^FOUNTi:
. " furnace-man; $35 and found and increase; 2
cement-finishers, $3 a day: sack-tender, 82 a day ;
'2. hoedowns, $. a day; 4 all-round laundrymen,
$30 and $36 and found: 10 farmers, $20 and $26
and found: jobbing, blacksmith. $3 a day; chore-
men, $16 an<? $30 and found; errand-boy for
country, $10 ana found: waiter,' country hotel,
$25; restaurant cooks, country : kitchen-men and
others. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 . Sacra-
mento St.
BAD COOK. $t"0 AND ROOM: WAITER,
if 30 and room: German waiter, $26 and room;
dishwasher, ■$6 a week ; young . man for pantry
work, $15 and room; cook, small place, $35 and
room; second baker, country siiop, $30, room and
board.' MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market su
CooK, COUNTRY • HOTEL, $40; COOK,
boarding-house, $26; machine miner, $3 a day:
i 2 farmhands. $20; blacksmith, $40; teamster and
j wife. $35; barK peelers, $1 25 a cord. R. T. WARD
A CO., 608 and 610 Clay sU
\\T ANTED— WAITER. CHOPHOUSE. $20;
»»: waiter and oyster-opener, $40: French dish-
washer, country, $15; choreman, private- place,
country, $12; German bo.- to wash dishes, $10 and
j found., LEON ANDRE, 315 Stoclrton su
*\1 EAT AND PASTRY COOK. FOR SPRINGS,
! -Ii $65; second cook, $50, third cook, $iO. for a ]
I summer resort: kitchen band, summer resort, $30; I
head waiter, country : hotel, $40: 2-wal.eru for I
springs, $25 and fare advanced; waiter, country I
restaurant. $30 and room: two bell and elevator j
boys, $15: 6 washers, ironers, polishers, country
laundries, $30 to $50; 20 farmers, teamsters, hay-
makers, milkers. $20, $26 and $30: choremen and
others. C R. HANSEN A CO., 910 Geary sU
QA FARM ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
O\f hands, $30, $26 ana $20 per month and found:
3 milkers. $20 and $25; 2 butter-makers, $25; 10
railroad teams ara, $1 60 and $1 80 a day; 30 la-
borers and teamsters, city, $1 70 $1 60 a day
and *26 per month and - found: separator ten-
der, $2 a day ; 5 men to loud header-wngons, $1 50
I a day and -found: 5 header- drivers, $45
1 per month and found; 30 woodchoppers. $1 cord,
for a mine; 20 fruit-pickers, $20 and $25; 20 tie-
makers, 8c and 10c each: 15 men to dig dl.ches,
' $15: 3 teamsters for a gold mine. $20: 6 cooks,
$30. $40, $60 and $61); 3 waiters, $30 and $25; 3
waiter-boys: 3 dishwashers, etc. - MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
1 636 Clay su 4
OKA MEN CAN FIND WORK MONDAY FROM.
00\J 7:30 a. U. at MURRAY & READY'S lead-
Ing employment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
U ANTED — SEPARATOR , TENDER FOR
'» harvest field, $3 and boa good run; second
feeder, $2 and board; 2 dairymen, near city, $25;
j 2 milkers, 825; 2 milkers, $20; 10 farmers, $20,
I $25 and $26 per month and board; 5 miners,* $52
per month: cooks, waiters and dishwashers- W.
D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay sU
DIHH WASHER, WHO CAN DOSOMF. SHORT
XJ order cooking, $4 a week and room: baker and
pastry, country, $40. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny sU . ;- - ■ _^
>) RANCH HANDS; * SACRAMENTO. CALL
*» early. Employment Office, 128 Fourth sU V .
\jT ANTED— A. MAN, . SPEAKING . GERMAN,
> •'. in a wine-bouse, act as barKeeper and Inside
sa esman; only one with good references need ap-
ply. N. A., box 79. Call Office. ■ ■ ■ .; ■
AV r ANTED-A B »V TO ATTEND STORE;
»» must have references. -Apply at 2933 Mission
su, beu Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.' - -
OOD DISHWASHER 'WANTED. 638~
Fourth st. . - .--■-. '. - ■
ANTED— A BOY TO ASSIST IN BUTCHER
' * shop; bring references- i^aguna and Geary sts.
CTEADY FIRST -CLASS BARBER: PER.
IO centage; no other. 701 Larkln St., call after 8.
C 'ON D COOK; COUNTRY HOTEL; $36. 609
O Kearny su. room 8."-" " '
WANTED— A GOOD SHORT-ORDER COOK.
427 Larkin st. .■'- -..' . ■: r . /
JAILOR WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS. 38
A Grove st. ;'' ' ' . " ■
STRONG,: STEADY MAN FOR RANCH;
milking and chores. 1916 Eddy st.
r\ OOD COOK. WANTED. 605 < STAN VAN ST.
'AITER WANTED; $20 AND ROOM. 1805
Halght sU
SHOEMAKER WANTED FOR REPAIRING.
767 Market Bt.-: " '-;■•■■.
ENERGETIC MAN, WITH 110 CASH, CAN
secure steady, nrofltable employment by ad-
dressing E. X., box 165, this office. ~
PARTNER WITH ■ $75 TO HELP IN OLD-
X established butcher-shop. ■ 1409 Folsom st. .
UARBERS-25C SHOP >IN MINING TOWN
±L,{°J sale, the only one in town. DECKELM AN
BROa. 106 Ellin st. . ..■-■•-:..
r> a be shoTpor rent— a TWO-CHAIR
■*-» furnished shop for rent cheap.* 1125 Market st.
\\ T ANTED— FOREMAN FOl. STEAM ; LAUN-
■ ' • dry ; must : understand : his : business and be a
sober man; a good place for the right p»rty. . An-
swer by letter and "give references. Address box
95. Mercury Office, san Jose.' Ca1. ... .-. ... .
\\T ANTED — MARKIED MAN.: SPEAKING
" German: | understanding I thoroughly care lof
tine : wagon* and 2 horses, no driving; make him-
self useful i in . store ; employment ; temporary . at
first,, permanent if satisfactory. S , box - 13, Call
Office. -.- , . -.;- . ■•-■-. / : "•.-.
ORSESHOER,, COUNTRY, SHOP; ,$3 PER
-U- day 509 Kearny St., room B. ■'. ■"..-;■
ANTED — SHOEMAKER TO BUY . RE-
. pairing shop, v 1222 Mason st. : cheap. '',
Tj^OK sale*- EL.EGANT,rANTICJUE . OAK.
X' five-chair barber-shop: furniture. . Apply 327
Geary st. > . ; ---.-,. -/.V. •■-.■"-'-■ V:-"-."-.. : '-*■'
G"1 RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
I shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
92 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 16 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. v: 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.'
INCITksTER 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms,' 26 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
: VV an iE d- a.'nTd~ka7 WHO CAN THINK of
•iT. some , simple > thing . to - patent > Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBU RN - A «"O.; :. D«pU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington,* D. C. for their $1800 prize oiler
' and list of 200 inventions wanted. ■- : .-.\--. :.-■ , ' -.■•; ■
VV'E'HAVR A 'LOT. OF. DAMAGED SHOES
■I , selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 1; 662 Mission st. ss\?.
OVKY-'-ACME : HOUSE, »957p MARKET ST M -BE-
X low Slxtu. tor a room; -5c a night; $1 a week.
l? HELP WANTED-Continn
V) ARBERS— FOR EMPLOY ME NTTALTTiBEC-
L> retary Barbers' Assa, 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.'
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
, P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
"ft ARBERS' PROTECTIVE .UNION EMPLOY- j
-D ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CA L. EMPLOY- ■
X> menu . t'^c'y.'P. k'. Jianiann." v:'9 r .. '>'t'rrr«lt ;
\TT A NTED— FOR THE . UNITED STATES
-if Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ares of 21 and 30 years; |
not less. th«n 6 . feet -' 6 inches in height; of good j
character and temperate habits: able to read, ■
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have : legally de-
clared their intentions to | become citizens will be
accepted;: this important -.branch of r the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the wor.d on board our
new cruisers." For further information apply at the
Recrul ing Office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
IpREE BEER— 2 SCHOONERS FOR 6c: ALSO
a bottle of lager or steam, sc, at 637 Clay st.
F] BBT-OLABB CARRIAGE ; STRIPER ON
X light and heavy worK. Address box 95, this
office. -
■"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 785 MISSION, BET.
xi 3d and Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest atten-
tion . o morning calls: clean; quiet; open all nlghu
INGLE FURNISHED . ROOMS. 25c NIGHT,
$1 week. Rosedale Housr, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
LL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE, 1
tea or milk. 635 Clay st. '■
"1 I|A M.EJN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
JLV'V/ and 20c a night, including co&en 1 and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. ' . ' .
8.-REkOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
» Clay ; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
T ODGINGS, 6c TO 16c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Paclfli-, below Kearny.
4 BTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-v din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
BEST IN CITY— MING • X ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorg sts.
X ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as sew,
and with our new machines we can do your ' work
at one-half the usual price; done while -you walk
662 Mission su. between First and Second sts.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
ROOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO *1 50 I
per week. Oriental, 226 Drum st. .
\\T A.NTKD-uiBORERs AND MECHANICS |
• ' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs "Denver House, 217 Third si. : 450
large rooms; 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
(TALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
J balf-solelng 26c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
LCHO HOUSE, Kt>;;i. 2 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
\\" ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" erw&clericg. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
\\r ANTED - MEN TO LEAKS BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard. |
"IVT ANTED— BOOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
*" v«elc; rooms for two, '.'sc a day, $1 60 a week;
read Ing-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sU
VfKNTO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD-
i* ' ."II gmr^rs keen It. '
~~- AGJKNTS WANXJED. ~~
"EMPIRE LIFE. , .
PURE LIFE
— -INSURANCE—'
—AT COST—
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
A GENTS— HERE'S YOUR . CHANCE FOR ;
■£*- cash: grasp it quick: the greatest campaign
book of 189 C: outfits 25 cents: one agent reports 1
J«6 orders In three days. F. PERSON, Manager
Subscription department; The Whitaker & Ray '
Co.. 723 Market st- |
GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
Press' patent long-handle dustpan. 9V3 Eighth. |
T?NEROETIC MEN AND WOMEN TO PRE- j
XX sent the greatest novelty of the year; salary I
and commission. The Cabinet Company. 18 Host. '
AJNXJEO- >Ii!jtKLLAMiOUS.
Y^A^H^^^OTI^A^TrETGTvE^i^K^ETrA^JD i
-Li particulars. Ad ress T. E., box 9,- Call Office.
SECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR. BOOKS. t LOrillNv. ANI» JKW '
r' ■ Irv to A. KLEIN. '■■•»9 *- X' ■ nr.: -ni'i postal.
. EDUCATIONAL.
OIERRA^I^?S^TT"TIC~AIJ^U^Nr~CAII rr
kJ Select boarding-school for youuc ladies; ell- 1
mate unsurpassed. Full corps of special teachers.
Limited to thirty boarders. Prepares for univer-
sity, teaching or for life. First term bcglrs ■u-
-1 gust 19. Send for prospectus. W. H. DE .BELL,
A.M., principal; ' ...
JRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, 715 POST ST.; !
vocal music; piano: elocution; - practical I
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe- j
cialty; vocal classes Monday, By. v. ; $1 a month. i
A TTEND STIEHL'3 COLLEGE, 723 MARKET I
A st. The very best individual Instruction; '
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen- \
manshlp. Typewriting, etc., $1 ; books free. j
AY RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL- j
lege. 325 Montgomery sU; Individual Instruc- I
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa I
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
. ELASCO'S LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1 . Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 i-hanica! engineering, surveying, architecture- !
assay;estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN,723Mkt.
ELOCUIION. DRAMA. UELSARTE. . PHYSI-
J cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar- >
ranged. 299 U yd c st. ; call after lr.i, [
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR '
day & night; noclasaes: $5 month. 845 Mission
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons: $3 mo. MA WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY A v^E.,
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities. -.
\\ USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
i'l in singing; *4 a month. . 854 Mission st.
ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar,' mandolin, t ;ir.lo. 1707 Mar '
"M"IOHT«CHOOL;HEA!.[.> i:rs.cOLLKGE;24 ,
xx Post commercial, shorthand, English; low rates
JOSEPH GREVEN. VOICE-IMPROVER. 82 |
0 Ninth st. ■
— — — _— HORSES.
ONE HORSE ANtT^WAGON CHEAPt "iN-
quire 1619 Powell st. . ' 
J-'OR SALE— AT BARGAIN, FAMILY CAR-
riage and harness, in fine condition, with very
gentle horse, good roadster; also young milk cow.
Inqulr.} 1641 Central ate., Alameda. ■• ; . - .
APPLE-GRAY CARRIAGE-HORSE OF UN-
questionable merit: $100. ~ M. A., box 12, CalL
JUST ARRIVED-20 HORSES; FINE BUSl-
.ness horse and buggy; 985. 510. Van Ness.* ..---
LEI HOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, our own matte, of every de-
scription, lor less money than you can buy Ea tern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister sU; S. F. ■
1 ?.A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, surreyv
rockaways, carts; ' must be 501 d ... 11*28 Mission 9;
"t A/ \ SET NE W AND SECON D-H AN D H A R- .
U\J\.J ness; all kinds; .wagon, carts, surrey
& rocka war ; : 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~A(\ HORSES FUR SALE; ALsO WAGONS. I
iv buggies; carts, harness: - Grand Arcade Horsa
Market. 3.7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wedne*
<ay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers. ...
HORSES PAST CUED; StNl> FOR^CIRCU-
I»r. v.Th» n viif« 1-iMiich. 630 Commercial su
. .WAGONS ■ AND "CAKKIAGKS.
EAVY EXPRESS WAGON; GOOD CONDl-
tion; cheap.*-, 439 Union st. .- ; - *:■ : .
STATE ;OF « CAPTAIN : GEORGE J. AlNS-
worth has for - sale elegant • coupe, double car-
riage, »■ single . buggy, and first-class 'Brunswick-
I Balke billiard-table. Apply to ALBERT BUTTON,
418 Safe Deposit, building, San Francisco: or :E.
COKE HILI, room 74, Blake A Mofflt block, Oak-
land. '.-,-;; : - : . . .-; .'■:. ■- -..■ ■■■ -. .-....■: :,;■ . .
1/OR .- SALE AT A- BARGAIN— FAMILY,
: i' carnage.' and .harness In fine ' condition, with
very '. gentle '■ horse, good roadster;, also young
milch cow. Inquire 1541 Central aye., Alameda.
SPRING-WAGO FOR SALE— 3 BOARDMAN
place, off Tryant, beU Sixth and Seventh. , . •
QECOND-HAND PEDULERSV AND - DELIV-
Oery wagons. 1013 Harrison st." ' "
OR SALE, AT EASTERN. PRICES, FINE
'T. carriages* of every desc iptlon ;. cash, notes or
Installments.;- Carvill Mfg C0.;^46-43 Bth St., 8. F."
SLIGUTL » ■ SO1LE1» =.'■ DRIVING GLOVES: -.
samples. H. M. HEINEM AN, 109 Sansome su "
TVJKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUX-
Xi • dry, milk and grocery wagons; I also rockaway :
and 2 fine buggies. ■-■- 828 Harrison st- . ■
LOST.
iT OST —BLACK l PURSE ;VBUNDAY;; OAK-
XJ land narrow gauge, 4:45 train ; reward. 1119
Suiter st. ;;.:•■■.= -. ■,--;-•.: .-, '-.. '.;•■,  ,-': ■.-.:';•-.= ;•.-■■- •■,--...-■=l
OST— BLACK GREYHON^ BITCH, WHITE
I pointed tail. % Return to 5 Perry st. : reward." -: v
Olj^A REWARD— LOST, ON FhTiTaY, JULY
O*J" 10, an English openface watch with small'
eh in to which'was attached a small crystal watch.'.
Any one returning same to MISS HEAD; at the
Information Bureau In the -Emporium store; will
receive above reward. "."*-. ?."'■■„*> ':'.':-■" -'j.''-,
OST— FOX TIiRRiER, FEMALE: NAME
Gypsy; return to DR. McNUTT. 1805 Califor-
nia su Suitable reward. .' •
- BUSINES9 CHANCES.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSl-
ness quick sea T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<H»7C BRANCH BAKERY AND CONFEC-
<iD I O. tlonery; locality fine, business good, rent
cheap: this Is a snap: must sell to-day. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7Clty Hall aye. . '
9 HORSES, .WAGON and harness: good
*•* express business: established trade. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■ ;
IF YOU. WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let me show yon some fine • places at bargains ;
call at once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©OKA -.PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER
«ip*«UW.. business; 3 horses, wagon, slaughter-
house: In country town; doing tine business; rare
chance for someone. T. LUBELSKI.7 City Hall ay.
at'-JPvO CIGAR-STORE;. FINE LOCATION
tjp«JO\J. in the Mission;. cheap rent; only rea-
son for selling other business: it will pay you to
investigate this fine buy before the opportunity Is
lost. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye, .
fijC^n GROCERY AND BAR; FINE LOCA-
fjp\Ju\J. tion; stock is actually worth more
money ; doing elegant business; cheap rent; reason
for selling this fine place is sickness; if you see
this place you will buy It. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aw. .. .
Tj»INE CIGAR-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
X plete: fine locality: cheap rent; see at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©oka Partner in SALOON: object
»35— tv v. for taking paitner. to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Oil A PARTNER WANTED. IN WELL
«irxO''V». known express transfer company;
has cream of trade in this city: clears $300 per
month: proprietor owns his own property, barns, i
storages, etc: has four tine teams running worth
$3000; best business in this State, making sure
income; established 10 .years: will exchange for
country real estate: grand bargain. STENBEKG
CO., 632 Market st. .— .
© 1 »>P\rt GROCERY ON PRINCIPAL
(iPl^uu. street: large stock; cheap rent; liv-
ing-rooms; clears $125 monthly; don't mlas this
bargain; rare chance. : STENBERG, CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. ; ' : ■ ' . .
AAA BAKERY NORTH OF MARKET;
*IPXUI/l/. baking three barrels dally: receipts
$250 a week; clears $150 a month; no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBERQ CO.. 632 Market »L
Ci;l OX i ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
r? J- — •■'• notion store, with splendid from; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12; invoice
goods; sickness. STENBERG CO.; 632 Market.
"djTFTkTj WHOLESALE PRODUCE COM-
<JP«JV/*'. mission business; partner wanted
with rising young man having first-class trade,
clearing from $200 to $300 per month : well estab-
lished and paying, as will be proven by a thorough
Investigation. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
lfljO£.(l PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
«TpO«vU. the nicest . butcher-shops in the city;
elegantly fitted up; nice eitrt; doing business
strictly cash, clearing $40 per week: need not be a
butcher, as owner thoroughly understands the
business and will teach incoming man the same;
don't fail to investigate this. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. ■
<fc9_inn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
vTA-t\J\J. In Western Addition: cho.cest loca-
tion: good business: owner must leave at once for
Easu WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
OjQSA CORNER SALOON, WITH MILK
<sJpO«JI/. depot: clearing $128 per month; living:
rooms. WILKE «fc WOLF, 631 California St.
J|> T f\ CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR STORE,
«3D I t)\t. with club and 4 living rooms: in West-
ern Addition. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
ffljOXA RESTAURANT; NEAR BALDWIN
'!?■—""• Hotel: must be sold; owner has two i
places; a sacrifice. WILKE, 531 California st.
T IQUOR-STORE AND FANCY. GROCERIES;
XJ prominent coiner on California sU: doing a
cash trade of $600 ocr month; rent $35: full
value; owner leaving the State; a bargain. Apply |
BAILEY, rooms 1 and a, 917 Market bt.
ANTED— STEADY MAN; PERMANENT j
»" position; will be Assured of at least $75 per !
month; must be steady and have $150cnsn. .\p- !
ply BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
(Dj A X(\ COFFEE SALOON; BEST CENTRAL
fjprtOKJ. location; large business; low rent: Is
worth double amount asked; best reason for sell-
lug. Rorm3 1 and 2, 91 7 Murket st.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS i
promptly? HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny at.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY :
X : man...... ;.... ...- $250
Corner grocery and bar at the Mission -.... 750
i Wood and coal, Western Addition; bargain.. 250
I Corner saloon, waterfront: owner 5ick.... :... 500 i
j $175— Bakery, candy, etc. at the Mission; liv- I
! ing-rooms; furniture included For bargains apply '
I HEALY «t CO.. 23 Kearny su
j QO9-: CIGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AND i
! •„ •> — «-». laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR- ■
i RETT, 1125 Market st. ■ -
i e-on BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING- j
I tfiiOU. rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day; I
! cigar stand. BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
j OAA RARE BARGAIN: FRUIT AND '
I — \J\J; vegetable route of 180 paying custom- ;
• ers; good horse and wagon; trial given until saiis-
fled. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
I (£1 i)Z. BRANCH BAKEKY .CANDY STORE; i
' <T XZjU. 4 rooms. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st. J
X) ED WOOD TIMBER, .
XV for ties OR a mill.
Mendoclno County, Hollow Tree Creek, covering ,
both banks for miles: 3000 acres controlling 6000 :
\ more; never touched by an ax; will cut 60 M
I feet per acre: a first-class tract for railroad ties or
1 mill plant, being connected by wagon-road with
i three landings on ocean; all down grade; perfect '
title; stumj age $1 per M with 1 proper security.
E. W. SK ELTON, 410 Montgomery su, San
Francisco. . I
HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY, I
X California— best equipped house in North- :
'. crn California Is now offered for sale, or : can be i
[ leased on favorable terms; this house is the best j
1 paying investment in Northern California, aud
! must be disposed of on account of sick: ess. for
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
! proprietor, Crescent City, Cat.
i QO()A PARTNER. WANTED: ACTIVE I
j <sjrOV7V/. man with above amount can find a
splendid opportunity to engage in a lucrative busi-
I ness which pays large profits; Investment secured
! by buildings and stock in trade: one partner un-
■ abe to attend to duty. Apply to H. COLEMAN,
918 Broadway, Oak and. , i
I,'OR SALE ON- ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSI- j
-l ness, the well-known pork packing, sausage
and ' rovislon business (Hayes Valley Pork S;ore),
1 established 20 years; long lease, good cash trade;
will stand thorough Investigation; no agents. In-
quire at premises, 427 Haves st.
■ ©OKA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; 2
I <tJpO«JV/. living-rooms: clears $90 monthly; ,
j could be increased to $125; rent $'J0; reason for i
: selling proprietor going East: no agents. Address I
A. P. A DAMS & CO., Liud Vineyard Wine Cellar,
137 First St., city.
WANT A : BRIGHT MAX OR WOMAN'
with small capital, to join me in a business prop-
osition that : I have investigated: . there is a good
salary in It' for two workers; money Invested se-
cured; references exchanged. ' Address J. L., box
10, Call Office. -
fflJI/fAA A " HANDSOMELY APPOINTED I
«Jp It \t\l. saloon, situated In ■. the heart of the I
retail : district;, excellent ; trade: , moderate rent: '
1 small expense: 'satisfactory reasons for selling;
; every opportunity for investigating. E. P., box
68, Call office. ,•»-.«:
©1 AAA HALF; INTEREST IN AGENCY
•jplv/VM'. a country store, with good estab-
lished trade and a large stoock ; good chance for a
business man; one partner .. cannot attend: ' refer-
ences exchanged: trial given: Apply this office.- -
<£<_>AA CASH; BALANCE IN INSTALL-
rJpOvv.iments: half interest in a lirst-clas-t sa-
loon, with 12' elegantly furnished rooms upstairs.
Inquire of CHARLES CHILDS, 536 Washington
St., room 3.
/"t OOD . OPPORTUNITY; selling out TO
VJ close estate; business esu since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain If arrangement
CRn be made. Address F. D:, box 137, (.'all Office.
1/ OR SALE— HALF OR TWO-THIRDS INTER-
" est in wholesale liquor-store: established 30
years: no better location in city; none but princi-
pals need apply. Address Interest, box' 55, Call. • .
t&l KA WILL BUY AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
<3P XO V . saloon, . with , 4 II rooms ; rent $15
a month. Call cor. Treat aye. and Thirteenth St.,
beu Folsom and Harrison: city.
C»-l /lA A OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD-PA Y-
ipXT:V/U. ing corner grocery, bar. downtown;
I sacrifice: owner going East. Particulars at HIL-
BERT BROS., 103 Powel. St. ..
WANTED— OFFERS OF REAL ESTATE,
"» cash or • merchanuise > for ': equity; 6-rooin
houses, 355 and 367 First aye., near Clement st.
1402 DevUadero it. - - , . . - : ,
AIRDRESSING, MANICURING ANDMED-
icated bath business in Oakland for sale or ex-
change - for . real • estate; ■ bargain. > ■ Address - Busi-
ness, box 82, Call Office. :'..r .-.-. •: ■•.-.■-■
"t> RANCH BAKERY AND . NOTIONS FOR
'X> sale cheap: sunny corner; ; 4 nice llvins-rooms;
large yard;, side entrance. Apply cor. Jackson
and Leavenworth sts. t . -.. ;■.
RESTAURANT:^ GOOD. TRADE: BETWEEN
JV 2 carbouses; rent only $17; well worth $400;
will sell at $225; - reason, * owner's sickness. Call
3279 Mission st. .;. •' .: "V -'• ' ' ': -' : "
m. EAA LARGE WOOD AND - COAL YARD, I
. <J)OUU .' boiler, : engine ; and ; machinery ' to cut j
wood: express business, -. 6 wagons, 4 horses, etc.
810 Sixth st. ■ .•:.-.. :•'. .■■•...-■■• ..:
GOOD RESTAURANT FOR SALE: GOOD
trade; fine .living-rooms : owner going East; |
must sell at once; offer wanted. O. \V\, box 76, Call.
IV ANTED— MAN* WI - H $300: WILL GIVE 1
■ " Interest in large-paying, substantial business;'
also pay salary; rare chance. 6 Kddy st., room 31.
rpAILOK WANTED TO BUY A WELL ES- !
X tablished shop in I the country, having a fine
custom trade. ; Apply 457 Stevenson st., near 6th.
<E»v>£A INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, *306; i
«jl>-. O\t May, $362: June, $374: 1895 averaged I
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DALY, 1293 Bdwy.NY.
I (L- OF. ABAKERY. STATIONERY, ICECREAM
tjj J~\J\J. store— Mnst be sold account of sickness;
living-rooms :oid-establlshed business. 1414 Ellis st.
,L>OR RENT— LARUE BASEMENT SALOON: j
X l . completely furnished for business: ".low; rent.. ;
Inquire room 623, Parrott building, 825 Market st.
GOOD CHANCE * I- OR RESTAURANT. MAN ;
■:. first-class oyster and chophouse: in best 1 oca- j
tton; cheap; owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st - ■:
ORNKRf 5 STORE WITH FIXTURES; : 5
rooms; large yard: good, for grocery, lruit or
shoemaker; rent $13. , 112 San Jose aye. '
OOD CORNER CIGAR-SiORE; ON", AC-
' count of sickness. • Cor sixth and Market sts.
LADY OF MEANS DESIRES; A PARTNER
(German) ; $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
r ; BITSINESS . CHAKCKS-ContlnPßd .
m.! n\" saloon: finest locality; low
$150. : rent: good patronage; best reasons for -
selling: at sacrifice. 512 Paciflc St., city. .y
FOR SALE, CHEAP - BUTCHER-SHOP '
± the Mission, doing good cash ness . For
particulars apnly at store. 227 Ems n.
I ADYPARINER WANTED, IN COALY ARD
L office to take orders and collect: small capital.
Address J. H. K. box 6. Ca!l Office. . ,
flT»l AA VERY CHEAP:- saloon AND 4
$100. rooms; rent $25; on account of sick-
ness. Apply Call Office. / ■
OR SALE-SALOON; SE. CORNER BAT-
tery and Vallejo sis.: a great bargain; low rent;
living-rooms upstairs. : ; - ■'
rnHE ONLY ■ MODERN IMPROVE D HOTEL
lof 80 rooms In Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHENI.USH.
<2»1 SAO GOOD BAKER YiIN A BOOMING
tJhIoOU. mining town; good- reasons for sell-
lng. Apply Call Office. ■ .
<»»»..)- RESTAURANT FOR SALE; DOING
«ft)ZZO. a good business;, good reason for sell-
ing., 155Fif.nsU' : ;
TJST SELL, - BAKERY, STATION
store. with furniture; cheap; make offer. Ap-
ply Call Office.
/-AHICKEN RANCH: CHEAPi^IN EAST
C Berkeley. Inquire FEAZEK's' Grocery, Ber-
ryman station. «' .- : __
Or ACRES— CHICKEN RANCH TO RENT;
ZO stock will be sold at »1300- P. O. box 331,
Petal uma. . -..■• - ' '" ■ ' ■
OR SALE-iCHEAP; LOCKSMITH, MACHIN-
ist and grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003
Mission st. ■ __J "• -• - - ] .
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
X will pay Sl6O per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. ' - ■ •■
CM PvA FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT:
&lOU iultable for grocery.- W. CRANE, 324
Post st. - •
ILK ROUTE IN OAKLAND, $125; RE-
ceipts $135 mo. . G. C. TERR'/. Oakland P. O.
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market, room 2.
"CURST-CLASS GROCERY AND BAR: CHEAP.
JC Apply southeast cor. Eighth ana Howard sts.
AIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS FOR
sale, cheap: 4 living-rooms. 1008 Hyde st-
<St*)^(i SODA FOUNTAIN: GLASS HOLD-
«IP*i«.IU. era, etc.; $90. Apply 159 Second st.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
€il QAH SALOON; OPPOSITE. CITY HAL.
t|p± OUU. Address S.. 435 Thirteenth st.
ANTED— 3 OR 4 CHAIK BARBER-SHOP;^
" city or country. Apply 817 Mission st. ~ ?
Ij>Oß SALE- A BARGAIN; EXCELLENT PA-
' per route. E. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
ALOON: LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AF-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. -
J^OR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS DOWNTOWN
-C saloon at a sacrifice. Call 29 sixth st.
PARTNER WANTED IN CASH BUSINESS;
-L small capital. 210 Drumm st. V --'■''■--.
OR SALE— GOOD BRANCH BAKERY;
line trade. 620 Taylor su
HOME BAKERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office. ■ ' . .
LODGING-HOUSKS FOR . SALE.
7T^O^M^^^7^~^A^?MlENTS?Tr^lso
1 1 2'^ rooms on Market si ..' $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200... $1800
50 houses, 5 10 140 rooms, from $50 t0... $5000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 MarkeU ' ■
ffl» CCA 45 KOOMS; FULL; CHEAPEST AND
: <lpc>«JvJ. 'best-paying house in the city: easy
terms; come and see it. 115 Second st. .
<D* 1 -f\ HUUSK OK 8 LARGE ROOMS; 3
OXOVJ. suites complete for housekeeping; rent,
$16. Call between 10 and 3. 657 Mission st.
HOUSE OF 16 WELL-LIGHTED • ROOMS;
suitable for lodging-house; $25. 544 Sixth st.
LOD<; ING- HOUSES TO LET.
A"~" M7^pT cTTXT?arTT7rAiTiacT~sT^
Am 10 rooms, G. G. aye, rent $45...:. :.....$ 350
36 room;, completely. furutshed.... .'. 600
68 rooms, genuine bargain, worth $3500 1800
CORNER; 40- ROOM HOUSE; WITHIN FEW
blocks of 6 theaters: clearing about *200; of-
fered cheap for cash. SPECK' & CO:, 602 Market.
i OO ROOM HOUSE— B2I HOWARD: CHEAP
: O»> rent: owner at building 2 to 3 p. M.
1- «j IC.N 1i «J iixi x'v>».. .^Ai,ifi.
: Tur^salkl f r "' ri *■"""""-
X I : Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. . •
Oak bed sets.. $18 50
Bed 10unge5....... .....;..... 800
5t0ve5........ 7 50
I Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard ....." 55
Matting, per yard...... ;:.'.:.;." 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
,at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
1 NOON AN. : .--:■.:
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR -.
„ V lowest prices 01* household goods, new or good k
as new: cash or time, open evenings. W
! J/Wk v.A.!I'US; CHAMBER BETS. $11;
! *IWV/ stoves. $5; parlor sets. $20; foldlng-bodi.
$10; hed- our, --<. $T. T. D MrCAKTHV 11J4:'i.
VUBKJTinUC V»'ANTJBI>. :
WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE FlX-
tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or
, send card 7 City Hall aye.
JC.MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornia st.. corner Kearny, pays best price {or
I furniture and merchandise.
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J.J. SIMMONS' auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash,
IF YOU WANT GOOD PKiCES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
BASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNt-
« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tPI. Jessie 73L
———————————____ __
CAKPET CLEASISG.
TONES CO. CARPET"- JcTeaNING^ANdT
O renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3a; LAYING. 3& : KU(J
V-.' samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198 th su
C 1 REAT WESTERN. CARPET-BEATINO
I" works; latest machinery . cleaning 3c and lay-
i ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH:
poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Cat-
i pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama al. ; tel. 50. 40.
(WS KLIIS'S CARPET EKATING WORKS, a**
V' Golden Gate aye. s telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. ■:■ TeL South 1250.
CAARPBTS CLKANFD AND RE.VOVATBU
/like new. FERGUSON A CO. 2iJ Tenth- '.di.
; South 36. 1). MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors
~j K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. '4*
,O . 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPKT BEATING ANDREN-
. ovatlng works. ■Sf>:'. Mevenson: mi. south 223 L
MUSICAL INSTKU3I*.NT.S.
AN OP' ORTTTNITY SELDOM OFFERED;! AX
exc-llent upright piano, fine action and tone;
guaranteed 5 jtars: $125; delay and you lose lv
! Room 12. Flood building. . .
ADEREWSKI UPRIGHT, LIGHT CAS K,S2SO
Hartman A Sons'. $250. BUT 228 Post.
L.IINE MUSICAL INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
X! mer), $10 ; very cheap. tOB Shotwell »U
C£/*rv EMERS->N: GOOD Ah NKW; "sold on
tIPUU. $5 installments. -J2l Leavenworth si. ■ ¥
"LMXE CONCERT GRAND PIANO, ALSO
X baby grand; cheap. 71 Post st.
•B; 1 f\l I FOH A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
tJP-Ll/U large Newhall up: $176 for fine new
pianos: call at once If you want bargains. MAU-
VAIS, 769 Market st. .
WE HAVE A NUMBRR~OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
I prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
Instruments < have s been called -in from • agents
throughout the coast. In . whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure i. bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., cor. Kearny and - Suiter sts., Stelnway rep-
resentatives. ' , ■ ■ ■
YiLOSINQ OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
VJ small coods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
. instrument for your summer outing at small out-
i lay; violins. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
i aiitoh&rps, $1: accordions^ flutes, banjos, piccolos,'
cases for instruments, violin outfit*, etc.; - new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HAKRY, SCOTT, 929
Market St.. Sprecfccls building. ... r .-.-.;
lANOS HALF PKICK. - -. • "
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE ,
-TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS:B. EATOX
MUST SEL.. ;. . ■..[.. . .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous redno-
| »ion; exceptional opportunity to bay.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
~\ S OUii NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
-ck. permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for mora
j favorable terms and < low , prices. SHERMAN
I CLAY & CO.; Stein war representatives. "
MAGNIFICENT NEW UPRIGHT PlANO-
best make; will be sold for $260 to Day ad-
-1 vances." 1921> acramento st. .*-•*»
ILLLAM G. BaDGER,. SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Bar
■ con pianos, 406 Sacramento si. - ■■- •■■ < "TT.
I lANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coasu : THii; F. W sppj£
CER CO., f33 Market sU ; . . aj^ ii «-
OEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.-.BUSH
XJ A Gerts and : Knabe pianos; at wholesale
j prices. 7A. L. BANCROFT ACO.™ 3'->4 PostsU^
i ( KNABE. STKCK. VOSK. HTEbT
I \J ling piano*: see our n.-w piano lor $187- nlain«
:or rent. BENJ. CURT A/ & SON/16 (VFarr^
©1 OKBARGAIN:FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
I : tDXOD.-ltt McAllister at.; next Hibernla Bank:
V KON MAUZY.; MH fOS IV. &T.-SOHMEU,' ""
XI \ewby A Evans, Kng CT .- nd pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS Latham nl»c».
H. MU LLBR. maker. r^lAfg^th" m n££
. TYFIiWKITJfiBS. " "
"DEMINGTOX. $35: m SMITH."S6O; KKND FOR
1\ sample work. SCOTT & BANNAN,33SMntgmy_ __J?° ___ : ! - TO r^^T__-_ l~_>~
m SUTTEB, NEAB TAYLOR-VERY
choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable.
~~A PPRECIATET»~7F~SEFN:~~CHOTCE FOR
■tV doctor or dressmaaer. 829 Sutler, nr. Jones.
fENEMKNTS 4 AND 6 ROOMS $10 AND
-*-$-■*. 812 Jessie at., near Ninth: key at grocery.
MARINE VIEW-1809 JONES, NEAR VA-
Uejo; house 8 rooms and bath.
1 £\9A TAYLOR, COB. BROADWAY-SUN-
-I D_U ny residence; 10 rooms •B^bath. fine
view: rent reasonable. Apply H. MEY.KR, vtv
Broadway. . ' ]
1 A B. PAC. HTS.. OR FOR SALE; % CASH.
i V bal. same as renu McCabthy Co., Mrkt
UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS 447 JESSIE ST.,
y> bet. Fifth and Sixth.
HOUSE— A MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to S rlnt by" BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. —^
FIIiMSHEI) MOUSES. .
COMPLETE FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS;
yj bath; cheap. 3933 Twentieth, near Church.
COTTAGES XO *^-'-'-trS^~~js.
'• Q COTT AGK: FLAT! fIoT^BOTH
«SrO.O '. reduced. Owner, 1128 Vallejo a:.
HEAP RKNT; FURNISHED 6 ROOM COT-
tage; furniture «old if desired. 2439 Larkin su
"PENT CIIKAP; SONN^ COTTAGES; 4 AND
•"* 6 rms: bath, basement, yard. 15th & Dolores.
"<_Q PLfl COTTAGE 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-.
tiPO. DU. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sis., Mission.
ILAIs lx Li^l:
TTT^nrFILBERTrNEAR HYDE-ELEGANT
1 1 Z\j-z upper flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath;
grand marine view. - ' - * •.--■..
PPEB FLAT 4 BOOMS CHEAP; BATH.
gas. 420 Lily aye., off Buchanan SU
Air? ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
tjj)± i . 5 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose ava.nr. 24th.
A BIG-ROOM FLATS; $9, $10. TWENTIETH
tfc ana Folsom sts. .
COMFORTABLE tLAT; I BOOMS AND
\J bath, gas. 627 Ivy: key at 624 Hayes. -
Qkij SMALL FLAT 4 BOOMS ON EIGH-
. «Jp 1 . teenth st., near Guerrero. -•••■'■ ■ -
A 1 A HAIGHT — NICE SUNNY- FLAT 6
■± 1 U rooms: bath. .
IMNE BAY-WINDOW FLAT 6 BOOMS;
bath. b25 Howard St., near Fourth.
ffl. 1 . FLAT 6. ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
«IrlU. Post it., near Polk.
t>Q7^ ARMY, NR. SANCHEZ-JUST COM-
-00 1 pleted: 'I elegant flats; 6 ana 6 rooms;
rent cheap.
i ) s )(A. TENTH— FLAT; 5 BOOMS,
—— I) bath; yard: modern improvements.-
Qlf« SEE THEM; ALL N_W AND»MOD-
01-v). em; 4 rooms; nice neighborhood: cars.
Sacramento and Broderick. ■
mOO -:r» UPPER NEW FLAT: 6 ROOMS
•?— _.. OU. and bath; latest improvements.
2915 a fine St., near Baker. .
©OHO. WILL BUY A COMPLETELY AND
f^>^.\J\J handsomely furnished 7-room flat; rent
$30. 125 Grove st.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. 30% Moss St., between Howard and
Folsom, Sixth aud Seventh. .
1 OWEB FLAT. 4 ROOMS: .KENT $14. 716
XJ Gough st , near McAllister.
J^LAT; 8 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH: PEKFECT
T order; reasonable renu 437^ Fourth st.
Q.-t ft LOVELY FLAT. 219 ELM AYE.,
0 ± O. near (Golden Gate and Van Ness.
EBIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 BOOMS.
XJ with bath aid all modern improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and uough; rent, in-
cluding water. $42 50.
A(\T7 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT:
I • I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bam
large yard: sun all d.iy; rent $14; wa er free.
VI AT -A NIC— ''FLAT AND uIHKRS TO
T rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery »v ■ ___^ ' ' -'w ■:■■
>(|- FELL—FLAT, 4 ROOMS; PAPERED;
UUt) baih; hot and cold water; yard: large base-
ment. '.;.-'.:;
C BOWIE AYE., OFF ELEVENTH ST.— A
O flat of 3 rooms: cheap rent. : . .
-I CAT STEINE"k, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
JLOv' I flat. 5 modern, larze, sunny rooms; bath.
0/_?,'o MARKET— NKW FLAT Or 7 SUNNY
-Ut!O rooms and bath; cheap rent; $18.
"I rjf\i' PO-sT— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I UO flats; garden; bath: $1« and $16.
\TEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND TH; $12;
J-> water free. 529 Ivy aye. ■
}I_OAM NKW-FLATej, &>■'%">:> I il ST., BE-
'J low Brraot. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to f-lfi.
UUOHKKKXFIIiti EOO3IH.
Bryant Street.
r-ll BRYANT NEAR THIRD — NICE,
«J J X sunny suite; $9 per mouth.
1 *+-. _- .- rt—~± ituih Street. - — — '* ' '
' 9] 1 7 BUSH -2 OB 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
— 1 1 I for housekeeping; bath.
i.ddv Streei. '
Q-l 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEKPING ROOMS
♦•' < • nicely furnished: splendid location: private
family. . ■ . - -".■' . -
Q-| C EDDY —8 UNFURNISHED ROOMS:
• 'X fine location; private family: references.
i ill h Mreei.
OAQ FIFTH-NEW MODERN HOUSE; BAY-
• >Ut/ window room; complete housekeeping:
others; $12, $15. = ■:' ■
Q1 A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
Oil keeping rooms, bath, private, $ 9 and $10.
30-. FIFIH— CLEAN FURNISH mI) HOUSE-
•J— 'J keeping rooms; 2, $10: 3, $13; single, $6.
illuiore Street.
Qj-1 A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
«IDIU. family. • 2212 Fill more St., near Clay.
I .Fourth Street.
Oft 7 FOURTH-SINGLE AND HOUSEKEEP-
«-)U 4 IriL'^-ooms; 88 10 $10 per month.
yIQ-J FOURTH — SUNNY FRONT BOOMS:
rtVX nicely furnished; housekeeping; rea-
sonable. -
l.unii'ii I. ate Avenue.
90- GOLDEN ATE AYE. -3 UNFURNIBH-
— ■ — ■«-/ ed tiousekepiii.ig rooms: terms reason-
able; also 3 furnished housekeeping rooms.
Hickory Avenue
1 OR HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
JL uU sunny furnished rms lor housekeeping; $13.
AuHit;ii fiue<t.. ••
1/709 HO RD — LARGE BAY-WINDOW
4 •)— room for housekeeping: also small room.
QOQI HoWABD — SUNNY FURNISHED
•JO'J'i rooms; kitchen and bath; complete tor
housekeeping; cheap. ... . ,
"1 At* HOWARD— FRONT A BACK PAR-
-1 UUO lor: furnished for housekeeping.
lOni* HOv~ARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH;
IOUU 3 or 4sunuy rooms, $8.
Laguna Street.
A 99 LA GUN A, CORNER FELL— 3 NEATLY
"±_._ furnished rooms, with kitchen.
. ... Uikm - street.
fOOO LARKIN— ELEgTnT SUNNY HOUSE-
-1 ')— -U keeping aptmts; Ist floor: gas range*; bath.
A'-yQ LABKIN — NICELY F V 11 N I SJI E D
j — O sunny housekeeping rooms; alto single. (
' 'Maton Street.
8 MASON — NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
and single; from $2 50 up. "
'_toAlllster !)ir«e..
OAC\ MCALLISTER — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
O^iV/ rnu furnished; call afternoon or evening.
. • AniiiiH -lyeei. :
QEQ MINNA— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
000 housekeeping. .
r .AU MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS . FOB
O*i.\J housekeeping; large yard.
->-ik»ion >>r«ek
1 91 qm I 8 »IO n~-Tfront FURNISHKD
J Z±t/ housekeeping rooms; no children; gas;
bath.
1 999 MISSION— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FUR-
-1— _— nisbed complete for housekeeping; bath;
gaa. . . ; . **a
9799 MISSION— 3 OK 4 SUNNY FUR-
— • — — nUhed rooms; complete tor housekeep-
ing; no bills out. ■ ' -. '
Ninth Street.
90 NINTH, NEAR y MARKET — FRONT
— '» housekeeping suite*;; single; stove; gas;
bath; water. - __^
Folk Street. ',
IQI O POLK. NKAH GEARY— HANDSOMELY
') 1 >) furbished alcove and Kitchen; complete for
housekeeping: gas; bath; all conveniences: sun-
ny: cheat); new furniture aud carpets; also hand-
somely furnished 4-roora flat. - •
1 7A91 POLKrcOB.. CLAY— SUNNY PUR-
x i v/— a nighed housekeeping and single rooms.
. Seventh Street.
1 SEVENTH— SUNN Y * FURNISHED
X tJU front housekeeping rooms: single, $7; en
suite. $12.. . . ;. .•*■•, - -
; Sixteenth Street. .
SIXTEENTH -FURNISHED HOCSE-
*J\J>i\r keeping rooms for man -and wife, 110
children, given In exchange for board for lady. •',
L Ktev<-u*on :; Street. .
R49 STEVENSON, ,<ET. SKVENTH AND
- "^^ Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms:
bath; central. ■ v . - -.
Stockton : Street.
90,n STOCKTON, N.E.I OR. GEARY. NR. EM-
Zt\J\J pQrium~2 or 3 sunoy^ unfurniaj»«s<l JmKps.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued.
~~"~ Third Street
QQ A THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOi keeping. rooms; water; with good accom-
modation; $6.
lurk -ireat.
mTURK-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
_ keeping rooms: reference. '
twelfth Street.
I 09 TWELFTH, BET. HOWARD AND MIS-
■I— <— slon— furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Valencia Street.
997 VALENCIA— 2SUNNY UNFURNISHED
.__ • rooms with closets: $8.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
"I AJOR* CALIFORN.A — LOWER FLAT 2
Xrr^AJ furnished rooms, $6 and $9: references.
Eddy Street.
_ n_. KI)DY (THE MARLBOBOUGH) NEW-
iWxiy furnished rooms; suites or single; all
modern conveniences: suitable for doctor or
dentist.
.—ins Street.
rfIHK RAMONA. 130 KLLI3; MBS. KATE B.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrilly lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot cold water.
Q9l ELLIS, NKAB TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O_ 1 lodging we recommend the rtosedale House.
QO9 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS a. J.
O_,_. CALHOUN, First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 60 rooms.
7/lft ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY FRONT SUITE
I \J\J or single: nicely finished.
1.11111 l -111-Cl.
QHERMAS APAKTMEKT HOUbE. 2« STH'
0 St., near Market furnished and unturnlahed.
1 iftli Street.
OQA FIFTH ST. — NICELY FURNISH ED <
— OU double and single.
' 1 ulton Street.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL-FUR-
JO nisbed rooms, s'ngle or en suite; $8 and $16 up.
Oturvr ■ ■ e«>».
01 TI GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_1 I « unfurnished rooms. Key at 217, , ■ .
oft 1 GEARV-NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS
OUI central; reasonable; elegant new coru r
flat.
fTIHE .MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary si., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
. - ixildea daio Avenue.
El n GOLDEN GATE NICELY FUR-
010 nished sunny room: reasonable.
drove Street.
If\-[ GROVE — BEAUTIFUL FURNISHED
IUI sunny front rooms; newly renovated; rea-
sonable.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON. NR. FOURTH— FINELY"
I I —•£ furnished sunny rooms; batb closet; yard;
$1 a week. ■- ■ . ■'■-.'
cyn 1 Q HARRISON — 4 ROOMS; BENT $9;
— 1)1 O water and ashes free.
Howard ' Court,
QQQ HOWARD — SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
fJO'J suits: running water and gas; quiet; from
$2 60 to $3 per week. -
I tip. -ivHOW \RD — NICE SUNNY FUR-
-I —<«Jtt nlsbed room: $5. |
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY. FURNISHED LARGE
sunny rooms; private. .
t)(\-T ,'O.NKt*- T_*. VAN WINKI.R. N W
— U I manacement: elegant tnnnr suites and
tingle: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to *:•(;).
» vnrnv >ir«..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
- » Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
\\T £ HAVE ROOM to rent, CALL at
• » Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Lurk in street.
1 HO* LARKIN— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
X"— "x nished room $7 per month.
Laskie • Street. '
-1 rv-l Ql LARKIN — SUNNY BOOMS. WITH
lUIO2 kitchen, furnished or unfurnished, $10
to $13: others.
- Siurkrt --tree..
"V OSEMJTE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1 : week. $1 BO to $5: families.
Mason Street.
8 MASON— LARGE SUNNY UNFURNISHED
room. <"*.- - ' .',■ ■
Jilnnii Mi-cot.
Q.Q.I MINNA, COrt. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
jl lbb.on xrae:.' - %
rr» 1 MISSION. NEAR SECOND — LARGE
*J\J 1 front room suitable 2 young men or lady in
store. ■ - .
-1 (\C}A MISSION — SUNNY FUBNIaHKD
Ju-'i bay-window fiat: 2 ri.is: bath; by month.
llftr MISSION— NICE bUNNY BOOM. FOR
1 1 DO 2 gentlemen; $8.
Oak Street.
, A OAK — FURNISHED DOUBLE ROOM;
J-'T. suitable for 2 gentlemen.
O'i-iirreli Street.
C9Q O'FARRELL— FRONT ROOM : PRIVATE
U— <O family; nicely furnished for gentleman;
reference required. ■
71 l\ O'FARBELL— NICELY FURNISHED
• X \i parlor suite, sunny; also single rooms.
ILL THE LADY WHO ASKED FOR FUR-
nished room at 7251/3 O'Farrell st. please call?
J oik Mreet.
■I 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS OR
X I -single: $5 up: also housekeeping.
l"o«.t St rees.
n-\ C POST— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
DJL O rooms $6 to $8.
POST — DEB I R A BLE" BOOMS IN PRl-
l)_t/ vaie family; reasonable. .
7f\£. POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
»\JfJ rooms: single and double: reasonable.
Sacramento Street.
1 Qf»Q B SACRAMENTO — NICELY . FUR-
IO'Jt/ nlshid room*.
Scott Street.
lOTA SCOTT ST.-8 OB 4 UNFURNISHED
J ") I "i rooms; sunny; bath; garden: $16; call in
the afternoon. ■ .-
Second Street. ' -.'
CO SECOND— DOUBLK BOOMS PER WEEK
U— $1 60 to $3; single $1 to $1 60; per day 25c
to $1. .
Seventh Street.
91 BEVENTH-2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, $8
— 1 and $8.
Mith street.
C9Q SIXTH— TWO UNFURNISHED SUNNY
• >_•/ rooms, with cellar, tor man and wife; $6.
.. ver ->iret)i.
Of\Q BUTTEB— FURNISHED ROOMS OR
• »"O suites. $1 25 to $10 a week; night, 25c to
$1 60; transients solicited.
£.nr\ BUTTER— r-U.vNY FRONT SUITE, FUR-"
Oyjyj nlsbed or unfurnished; also single, fur-
nished. . ; - ?.-.-. '
7AQ aUTTKK, COR. TA YLOK— ELEGANTLY
', I vi) newly furnish -d sunny rooms: en suite or
single.
79/* SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-1 _U ny rooms for gentlemen: private.
'lay lor St reel.
1 n55 TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
1 \JO sunny housekeeping room*: a 1 so alngie.
1f HI T -A YLOB— HINOLK ROOMS, $1 ' 26 PER
1I" v week; double, if 2; double panors; separate
beds. ,"• .'■■■■•■■ ' ' ■ ..-■•..■" ■
I_.U TAYLOR —"kleoant NEWLY! fur!
fl^tO nished sunny rooms; reasonable. ;
lehth Stree:.
1 Of: TENTH-LARGE WELL FURNISHED
-L_U room; gas; bath; 18.
Thirteenth Street.
Al Ol THIRTEENTH,' if AH VALENCIA—
* -« ' 2 sunny front room; gas: board op lonnl.
lurk Mreei. g^j_K
OA/ll TURK, COR FRANKLIN— DOUBLE
Ov"±3 and single rooms; $6 and $8.
Mlsrclliiiiroin.
I TN PRIVATE RESIDENCE. VAN NESS AVF\,
! 1 sunny single rooms, $7: references. Address
VAN NEks, box 76 Call Office. ■ > ::
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TH?
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in IM
Unite d States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
ago free. ■ . ■ , ...
 f : AXI'OUSJiVd.AT-LAW. *"
ally; private. 00 charge unless successful: all
aity; private:. 00 charge antes* cnccesstul: ail
law suits, claims, ' collections, wills, deeds, etc., a;-
tended to. G. W. iIoWE. atfy-at-lawr. BSU Market.
1 K. PHILLIPS— U. U. AND STATE COURTS^
J. 'damage cases a specialty; money to loan or,
estates; urges moderate. < Office* 608 Calnornla.
EUALBUSINES* TRANSACTED: NO PUB
licit/; advice free, confidential. P.O. box 2132
R\V KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW, CHRO N-
. Icle oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
W. DAVIDSON, ATTOItNE Y-A l'-LAW, 420
. California ; su, rooms 14 and 16; advice tree.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
KoT^EXR^Y^^cTiMToiRTTBLE^ sunny
t7Z.tr rooms and bath; with board. Tel. B 958.
ROOM AND BOABDS2U, AT 1509 DEVISA-
X\i dero St., near Geary. ' , • --''■-.■-'.. : ;
COLUMBIA HOTEL- D. BUCKLKY. FOK-
\J merly proprietor of the ' Cosmopolitan * Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host 'will be outdone in his new
enterprise: 'Mr.' Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.: meals 25a
mHE STEWART, COX. EI.LIS AND LEAVEN-
JL worth— Newly furnished rooms, KUilei or single.
OTIiLBEHTLINU. 714 J^USH— A FAMILY
: hotel : references given ana required; ait mod-
fin rnnTPnli-ni-Kt.
~~ CUI_DKJSy IiOAKPEO, ~~
L""aDY WISHEB i"^r"^~CHi7.d"rEn"^TO
XJ board: mother's care. 1165 Mission st.
1 7*>7 'CALLISTKIV-A BEFINED HOME
.1 I _< 1 for child: fine care; terms moderate.
STOKKS TO LET.,
.IT OO basemen; 532 Commercial st., near Mont-
gomery; 20 feet front by 60; good light in store;
steam shaft in building.- Apply to JAMES A.
WHITE, room 11, tenth floor, Mills building '
LAKGE. STORE AND . 4 , j.I VINO-ROOMS;
yard and shed. 537 Howard su
"DUTCHERSHOP FOR RENT; A SPLENDID
XJ locality: fixtures all complete: low rent. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
STORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent. ..
OFFICES TO LKT.
Q9QI SUTTER. NR. JONES-CHOICE FOR
*-'•— *J'& offices and residence combined; reason-
able. - - .
SPR ECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKKT—
Elegant siumv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light:
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at buildln;
or U. H. U.MBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BICYCLE!).
BICYCLES (FALCON- AND MArtCU) IN
good condition; $10 to $30. 1571 Market st.
rPANDEM.; BRAND Nr. W ; '96: $150: SELL
X for $100. V. R. GRANNIS _ CO., 609 Market.
IMAGINE a HIGH-GKADE BICYCLE
O for $10 and upward. 306 Post st.
SECOND-HAND STERLING AT EXCEPTION-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st. -
ECOND-HAND WHEELS/ IN PERFECT
0 order: terms, cash or Installment; Crescent
?25, Cleveland *30. Victor $10, Crawford $33,
Bei: Hnr tandem. DAVIS 8H0.5., 25 Geary su
A '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW,
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post SU , ;.
JWINFIELDPKAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
(IE NEW FALCON; HIGH GKADE: $45 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market su
DARK CY"cLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
-1 best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
Alllater and Powell st. rar lines. '
; fou sa_k— 3ilsc_l_'a>'_ou»: '
B" v uy.y6ub"b^"bVcabrlXues'a«d^av'e'
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Franc.sco Baby Carriage Compan',-, 44- Sixth.
"L" 1 A M l L\' COW. FOR SALE: CHEAP. 847
I. Florida su. near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
Q HOKSK-P «.AS ENGINE; A BAR-
O gain. 1272 East Eleventh su. East Oakland.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
X order- 2 Adams pc tg presses; power. 616 Mission
"L^OR SALK— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
JT liam Klford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland
GOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, 130
Sansome St., room 9.
NE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply 210J Larkin si., after 6 p. _.
OVNT X X S. SHE LV 1 NO, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121 Vfe Market, bet. 7th A Bth.
AKI..U.N-. TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 810 California.
1 . OILERS, Ks>,2l>-H AND MACHINERY,
1) waterpipes Mcln'.osri .V Wolpman, 137 Beale.
1 UILDINUS BOUGHT; J.L MIIKK, BASHi-J
• ' doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 11 66 Mission.
NE >MAi.L. MEiniM AND J.ARUK Hl/,11
tire and bnrz'.-.r proof wife. 109, 11l Market v..
LURE AND 11UKULAH SAFrJ, LhTTKH-
-1 press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 10*2 CUr. .
!V~JrTw RANGES cheaper THAN~SkuONI>
-l> hand. %V. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 18 California su
-I.W IN*. MACHINES,
fNIVER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market; rent $1 50 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
A _L KINDS _UUGHT, ISOLD, EXCHA.NGKD,
J\ rented, repaired : lowest rate*. VOS Fourth St.
JlliitlOAl,.
A~BLEJsFNG^ ■TO' LADIES SUFFERING ■"
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved- method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in' confinement. DR.' * M Its.
DAVIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free: French treguiatine pink pills $-J;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 i>. m.
ALL CASKS Oi' IKKKGULAUITIK4. RB-
■i\- stored in » few hours; s*fe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in • confinement: regular craduate
! physician-. SO years' successful practice; .MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
I doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
I and expense; consultation free and confidential,
MRS. DR. WYKTU, 916 Post st™ near Larkln.
ANEW PROCKSH— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
mentor worthless pills used ; every woman her
Own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day:
I can be sent and used at borne: all e*ae<i guaranteed:
; if you want to be treated safe and surf call on a
man physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
MRS. Q. WOOD, MIDWIFE; CURES ALL Dis-
eases of womb, paralyals. rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors:
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 243 Shipley st,
D" RM. GOODWIN, DISK A WOMEN SPE-
ciHliy; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home. In confinement; best care:
low fee*. i_il!s «2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
* LPK A*U'S FRENCH PILLK-A BOON~TO
A ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
' fate and sure; $2 60 express (J. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGGOD 81.05.. Oakland. CaL.
IN BTIT L OF PNKUjsIAToPATH V FOB
healing and instruction; 2729 Jackson si.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free: call or write for
our "New Method*": the poor healed fr.">.
RK. DR. WKGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during conflnementi infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaiuts or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. :
OMEN'S ELKCTRIC HANITAUICM,
room 53, Donohoe building: treatments
rheumuism, nervoiiß prostration, etc.. $1: face,
1 60c; steam baths, $1; consultation free.
QI'RECUKK FOR ALL 1-'KMALE"DIBI,AHE.S.
0 from whatever cause: a home in conlluament
! with < very comfort; satisfaction fciuu»uie«:U, It/
j AlKs. DR. GWYKK, 22« Turk »U L
i CjXnnFOR EVERY FAILURE TO CURB;
€nOVJ\J eye diseases successfully treated. Ladles
con. fre* MRR. DR. speclalltl, 816 Powell.
MRS J. A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 26 yr«* experience. 655 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DISEASE
g«eilK-U.>U. PUKTZ and bacon ten 264% 4th.
PRIVATE If Oil X IN CONFINEMENT! MBA
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth »t.. Aiameda.
K. tiAU, M JiiAlXlSi f/ti MKKKT, NEAIt
ZJonex. jiiwinMiif unriri pnrt ihiMri"i.
-■• ~~~ FHVSICJIANB. ~~
73^m oviivD^inr^rTrTrmjN^rrTLir^iro
X\> Market *v : diseases of woman a specialty. ..
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONBULT DR. JORDAN. AT
i XJ his museum, 1051 Market at.:. bis HO years'
1 successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment,"
Hie worst ca»es treated »attgfactorllT by mail.
J.tA.AI. >OTI(JK3, » .^ ; -
I^N^^THTfeT^SUP^RToir^buTrTT^^lT^^ A>' D
County of San - Francisco. State of California.
Departmei No. H. JULIA DE ANDANY.
plaintiff, vs. ANTHoNY DE ANDANY, defend-
ant. Action brought In the Superior Court, City
and County of San Francisco, State of California,
and the complaint filed in said City and County of
San * ranctcco. in the office of the Clerk of bald
Superior Court. • *p—«assß«^*^»*— »•_•«•*'»■— rq
The people of the Ktatf. of California «end greet-
ing, to a NTHONY DE ANDA>V, deiendanu'
You are hereby required to appear In a.i action
brought against you by the above named plaintiff.
, in ihe Superior Court, Cltv «nd C'ouniv of Han
l'raiicisfo, state of California, and tv answer, the
rompialnt filed therein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after the service on you of
this commons—if served within this County; or if
served elsewhere, within thirty day*— judgment
by default will taKen against you, according to
the prayer of said complaint. ■-■••■: . •• .■■• «••
The said action I* brought to obtain the ' decree
of the above entitled court dissolving the bonds of
' matrimony heretofore and now existing between
plaintiff and - defendant .upon the ground that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful deser-
I tion of plaintiff: and upon the forth* rgroua 1 that
: defendant has been and Is guilty of wllltul neglect
, of plaintiff, all of which "ill more fully unl at
I large appear in the complaint of plaintiff, on file In
I the above entitled action, to which said complaint
' express reference, in that behalf, is hereby made,
1 and for costs of unit. ■
'And you are hereby notified'; that If you fall to so
appear and answer said* complaint as above re-
- I quired, said plaintiff ' will > apply to ■ the court for
the lief demanded in said complaint. .
Given under m. hand and seal of the said
Superior Court, at - the c ity and • County of San
Francisco, State. of ■ California, -this. 2d . day of
June in the year of , our. Lord one thousand eight
hundred and mnely-six. xainyr i|w» >n^*m>unii li' lum
: < ■■- [seal.] -C. F. CUHRY. Clerk.
! By JuHKPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
' ti£u W. TOWLB JR.. Attorney for Plaintiff,
! . 50H California St., hr."n Francisco, Cal.
. HOTEL TO - <: LKASK.
6" LKT^-Tli ".< "w; - TKLL ; i HOUSE. 317-81
Bush hi.; this well-known : hotel . is . thoroughly
I renovated, considerably Improved: compares witii
j best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISoN — HUKKIi
. - -  - PKKSOJJAT-R. '--■"'""
DD "jOB^COMPANY? 1028 .MARKET ST.7-
do Job work In all branches, guard dwellings
&nd o. her property pat a moment's notice; tele-
phone Mint, 601. WISE A GBEENHAN.
V SON, GEORGE D. MERRILL. REFUSING
to held posltious obtained for him, 1- herebv-
ieclare myself no longer responsible, from 'this
late, for debts contracted by him. W. F. MtR-
RILL, July 12, 1896.
T ITTLKGIRL, 3 YEARS, OF GOOD PARKNT-
JU age. for adoption. L. P., box 41. Call Office.' *
\ LICE — THAT ACTRESS WHOSK HAIR
-fV you admired so much had It dresied at G.
LEDEKEB'S, 111 Stockton St., for only 25c:
LEDERKK also sells that "Qolnonta" hair tonic
which I told you about; he does good work, GEO.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WliH-
i out publicity; advico free and confidential. J.
O. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery st.
URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other, skin troubles;- eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. o. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal. ■ ■ -
a DvTt'fc FP.EE; DIVOKCE laws a SPB-
J\. daily -, private; no chance unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wllU, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
"UIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONNHOW E YE-
J-> ry night cor. Market and Sixth «v. ; arttstlo aU-'
vir'.itements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market at.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
x\. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
Cress goods; cloaks. Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHi tip's. 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECTRIO • LIGHTS 'IN ■ EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and bageageto and from the ferry.
R*. THOMPSON, -HAIBDHKSSKR AND
manicure; lessons given. 230 Kearny st.,
room 14. ■ '.
YV ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
:»f low prices: first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BKtT I AIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
M~ BS. DR. PORTER, CHIKOPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. r»'« Kearny st., room 47.
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $16 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company ,l ll7 Market gu.bet 7th and 8;h-
LADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY. DESIRES
hnslne<s partner;small capital. 122 Post 5u.,r.2
AZOK-FIXING OUR ;-PKCIALI V: FINE
edijeputonra«or,26c. Bator Exchge,63oMaricet
STYLISH' MILLINEBY AT REASONABLE
prices > MBA S. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
DR. J. . M. . EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST : Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry- Cal. & Kearny.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mauufra' cost. Factory, 20 i-anaome, upstairs.
I-IBEP.AL ADVANUKS ON DIAMONDS J-W-
-'J elrr. etc.: lowest raten. U4.H Market st.
, STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular price*.
GOLD. SILVER, GENTS.: AND" LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Sn. cor. Jessie.
* tVEkK S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS— TUB
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. /
_________________ — -__-~_~_~
DKKSS3IAKKUS.
RsTj. KOCH WISHES TO INFORM THE
ladies of her reopened dressmaking parlors,
1417 Mission St.: exact fit, best style and reason-
able prices guaranteed, - ■■ ■ "
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 3 . CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 50584 Vatoma st., above sixth.
. CLAIKVO\ANTS. ~~~~
UCCKSS ABSOLUTELY" GUARANTEED.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NBLLE,' the prince of clairvoyants, will slve ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrel*, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice; he
Incites mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil; influence*,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuit* and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of heart* made glad through bis preaio-
lions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy »t.
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
ME. HTEWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
she sails for l-.urope; she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Roams 3 and 4. 917 Market st.
C^ITANA THB GYPSY. ■• " : ~~~
VT This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orit-nt and promises marvelous development*
in unraveling the mastery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
and causes speedy aid happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9108 p. v. 8 Turk st.
ME. TR'UJt, CELEBRATED GYPSY. UN-
i'l- precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
btocKton »U ; elevator.
MM 1 .. PUIU'&R. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, rard- reader,' born v.lth a douole veil and
-second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'lurk st., nr. Jones.
Kl'l HNKn, WORLD-KKNOWNED MMX.
IV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
fin sent and future; price* moderate. 856 Mission.
MJi. AKNDT. BKS 1 FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture nt
your iulur*> Inmhand or wife. 4 Twelfth. ror. Marks;
MB. RKNNEII, GREAT. LIFE AND PLAN-
et render; 25 ana 50 cents. 1214 Larkin, near
Bush at. ■ - . : , ■ - ■
MMJS, MOKE A I', BF.ST MEDIUM; REVEA I3
past, present, future; 250 up. 764 Howard sU
MX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business ad vice: names ?iveii:2sc up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER: LADIES 25c;
gents 60c: all question* answered. 5 Seventh.
A] ME. LKGEITE: PRKBKNT. PAST AND
l'-t future; '.'sc. 311 Tfbama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MX. DR. "THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Keamy. now 929 Post: fee $'. ; letter $2.
jTxrTf OUIKVOYANT on EARTH; fek
I' 25c 41 Minna iv, near -Second, basement.
MX. SYBILLii T«vLLB FJiOM CRADLK Hi
Ih" rrav«v fee ':!> renr^. PI 4 O'Farrell *v
_____________ ~~~~
aruuTUAXUJK.
•■^"vekitableTqukkn among womkn 13
mrs. dr. A. d.' HOWE.
FEE $1. & UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
■ Why that Icok of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"?- If so
read this. and learn thut life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands. on thi.i roust in the ten years past, U
again at her old . offices, : 1820 Market street, San
Francisco, and ■I* now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; auocest
brought to the unlucky : love to the loveless; me
separated nr.< united; the nick made Rtronj ; the
poor b come rich; If you think your husband, wlta
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power m as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
high above (be earth. KVKR FAILS. Mi e does
not know what failure means I Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is. heir to. an 1 no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
. " Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 „ UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
- 1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
Ban Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, * "~ ~
The world-renowned spiritual medium, . still
continues to hold the public's attent on by - her
wonderful work. Thousands hay« been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by ' follow-
ing her advice. Your life described from cradle 10
tin- grave, Her revealed medicines «or« miracles
with the sick and afillc;ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis trom lock of hair: hours 10
to a: closed Fridays: sittings $1. 1206 Market su
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT HLATE-
. writer. 118 Halght tit : hours 9 until 6p. _.
VRASK HARM. 1027 MARKET; TEST OR
r nop.y, .- $1: 10 to 4. r
IBHOP GaHRISON, 1370 MARKET; BKAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even*., 250. ; 10 to 4 dully.
Rs. KATE U OSKINH, THANOfc. AND BUsl-
n?-8K meiltnm:' sittings daily; >^.- 15<6"iiknu'
ASTKOLOGY. ~
sTiTTvu)TTS r TNTi^aac7Nl^^Yv r f^^
or questions answered: I'rot. Howard's vital
remedies re» lore to perfect health. 311 Hyde *v,
'() 10 'A.
r I>KNXisTS. r^*"
Crooks DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
i keteU, bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
'only reliable agent for 'paiulett extraction: artifi-
cial tecthfromss; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cent*, with gas <!.- .' . ;
1/ I KST-CLASS DKNTISTKY: FIRST-CLAS!J
J 1 prices; flrftt-dasi results; painless extraction
of 'teeth. Telephone Main- 5376.; W. c. lI A
DIMc. CM., M.D., 500 Sutler si., corner Powell.
A IK. LUDLUM HlLl>. 1413: MAKKKI' , 517"
;XJ near Eleventh: no eharße tor extracting wliei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
. teeth from $8 per sen extracting 50c; gas given.
DB ';i-.iiK(JK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist; discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of lru proved " bridge "work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 30 O'Farrell st.
DUiU.T. 1 RAN/.-^EXTRACTION FAINLKS\
crown : work. ; bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty.-; 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
: (2* 7 A «Kl' i-ujl TKE'I'U: • WARKA MKD AS
V • good m can be made; filllnz $1. ; Dr. Simms
centlsi. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin .Theater. .■:;
TjTa in less kxtraction. .. Wo- CltuW.V
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up-. 13 veari
experience. R. L. WaLa 1L D.D.S.. bia.-y; Geary
T~ 1 ; . 1-UcKh.Ti, v 1703 i PCJ.Vr ST.. - NEAR BU-
I ' rtianan: ita* given: crown and bridge worie. :
LM Li. .-11.. \.,t ii-.MIi", $7; \\ A KUAN l'Kl»
X five year*, DR. V. CAY \I>KV. •_' i Sixth »-.. ,:
SKT OK TKKTH WITIIoUTA r_ATK,«iC ,i.
(.. ; YUlNii, 1841 Polk su -'■;.'.
■'/ <UIiTU.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION. hOi» MAU-
11n.1L Pit. CHABL3-:a W. DECKKK.
DR. J.J. LE K. 1 'JOB MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate -Open : evenings; ' Sunday* till noon.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ■._■'
OFT SNAPS IN CITY LOTs— " ---—
0 $6000— r. 4-foot frontage on Post and Fill more.
$3000— 27-foot frontage on ; Post St., nr. Steiner: .
bitumniKd. Apply to Owner, room 7, RussHouse.
TTO! FOR FITCHBUBQ!
TO-DAY » TAKE -YOUR- FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEAN DRO AND
HAYWABDS LOCAL. >
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
TH FIRST .IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FBUITVALE IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
. ' ; PACIFIC COAST. -
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET -STREET. TO
- FITCHBUBa STATION IN ■'
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda,' Berkeley and Fruitvale. trains sinced
by the 'Fltchburg s-corcht-r. Hay wards Electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get. oil the
ear:h, stay where you are. ■«■ People get well, oe-
come cheerful, coutented and prosperous in Fitch-
burt;. f'J \**4i**\ ti lU ' «»'.' 1 b>4 l<.i»W'llllWliW*>ll
- Fitchburjris the moat promising suburb on the
direct, line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements. In tne vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon'* line of fast sailing vessels on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roads I
leading to it, are i neon Lest i Lie proofs. It is regu- j
larly laid out Into blocks and lota bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue • trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves. ... ■
NOW ..IS THE TIME TO BUY. . ■"■:!'. .
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a ris-
ing market; for a turn be firs', for investment now. I
and hold on. No cit ■ taxes to pay: no street Im-
provements to make. Waur supply from three
companies at your doors. ' Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier puymenls than
can be bought for in many of the one-street tracts I
off In an inaccessible hay tie
Lots "5 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments in easy Installments;
title perfect. n iibUm wigj »|BIB_«— WP— P»_
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St.. S. F-
THAD. 8. FITCH, Fltchburg.
riHEAP— >UNNYNEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
\J aud bath lot 25x114. Apply 125 29ih sU
BEAUTIFUL LEVEL HOME LOT. NEAR I
JJ cars; $400. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market |
UUSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT I
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and sea
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission st.
Qdi P\OO COBNEB, 137:6x100: ELE- j
tJpD I .(Juu. gant new buildings: full rents 1
$425 per month: no such bargain ■ ever before of-
fered: n ust be sold. W. D. HOLCOM _ CO., 512
California st. - - ....... . ,
AN HAFAEL LOT, 76x130; WORTH ?3000;
for $1600: streeT. accepted: 2 blocks from de-
pot ; nic si lot in town. J. It. HOC K. "an Rafael.
COUNTKY KKAL ESTATE.
SALE OB EXCHANGE. ' ~
(JllzlT^n 35 ACRES BETWEEN SANTA
iJb'i I «JU. Rosa and Fulton: select variety of
vines, prune and fruit trees; excellent soil; water
at 16 feet. - - .
J> C PER ACRE BUYS 2 QUARTER SECTIONS
<Iri) pood fruit lands In Monterey County, 4 1 a
miles from railroad; will subdivide.
(JjOQAil WILL EXCHANGE f >r hotel I
js_i^UU. business iv Santa Cruz 35 acres fine, |
level 'arming land; all cleared: cood house, etc.;
In vicinity of Glen Jillen; very cheap.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Estate Agent,
; - 415 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
O LET— 6 ACRES Al LEVEL LAND NEAR
this city: good 7- room rot tag • and outbuild-
ings; 30J yards to station; fine for poultry, and
vegetables. GhOROE W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome.
L'OK SALE— I 9 ACRES OF LAND IN LOTH lO
JO suit in Palo Alto. H. W. BROWN, 12 Mont-
gomery st.. rooms 13 and 14, S. F.
A~N MATEO— LOT ADDRESS H.P.,.
O 607 Capp st.
rilK RKNT OR SALK— 7 ACRES OF LAND
" halt mile from Gllroy; improvements as ■■ fol-
io wo: Neatly furnished . 1-story house with 4
rooms: barn; chicken-houses, etc. ; 200 chickens
all sizes: two horse* and' cart; fruit trees, 150;'
terms, $-200 cash, balance In payments 910 per
month until paid, with interest at 0 per cenu- For
particulars address pax 456, Gllroy, CiU.
C acres OR .MORE IN ROSS valley im-
-0 proved: beautiful home; bouse of 10 rooms
with all Uie modern Improvement*: near station; ;
abundance of running wntertbe »mr round; .fine ,
shade and fruit tree*: well adapted for hotel or
resort. Apply to JAMES TCNST..AD, Ban !
Rafael Cal. . ..-' <.. . : j
■QOOCII FOR SALE, ON INSTALLMENTS, j
tlT'O^.U". new modern house in San Kafael: 8 i
rooms and bath; large lot: best location; street ;
accepted: atone sidewalk: also choice lots for sale
or exchange for city property. WILKINSor
J. TUNSTKAD, San Rafael, Cal. . . ■.. =
MARIN COUNTY— 3OOO "acres v; 6 miles
from city; Io s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit: $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany. 65 Chronicle building.
LA ME DA COt: NT FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-1 st In the State; selling In trac.s. 5 acres up- -
ward. $35 per aero: - adjoining lauds held at $100
per a»re; owner forced to sell ; IVa hours frm S. F.; ■
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building. '
IITTLE HOMKS, CLOSK TO •■TOWN, IM-
J proved, easy terms; also A to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 30 years' credit. D. 11. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market si, 3. F, . .
ENDFOKOUR LIST Uf orchard ho.m as
formle. ' WOQXTKR, ,<- \VH I'l'l'iiV. v»-» >«*■.
li.Ul'tl.ll iO tltUA.Xtjl.
A.*4000 HOUSE AND LOT IN OAKLAND TO
exchange for Los Angeles property, improved
or unimproved.
A Bro.-idway bn«lness block; cash value $150.-
-000; will consider as part payment property In
san Francisco, Improved or unimproved, to the
amount of $80,000.
60- acre fruit ranch; -'Va miles from Oakland;
an Ideal home: for sale at a bargain, or will ex-
change.
High-class residence property In Oakland, Cal.,
to exchange for Kansas City ' property ; value
$15,000. , . .
•J .Vacre fruit ranch, 3 miles from Oakland, highly
improved, to exchange for ranch land in ban Luis
Oblspo County.
A. good lot to exchange for horse, buggy and har-
ness, or good driving team. ' T. S. , MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
rAA LOTS— FROM $5u 1" *20.U0U. —
a\J\J 20 houses and lots, from »1260 to. $10,000
50 ranches, all sizes from $100 to 30,000
2 J bouses, Oakland aid Alaraeda, $1000 to 8.000
25 lodeiug-houses and hotels, from 200 10 8.000
wh\t ha v:. YOU io OFFER?
1 &ELL AND EXCHANOK : — — —^~—
All kinds of property. — — : —
H. C. DKL'KtK, 108J Market St., opp site Fifth.
«1 STOBtB," 7 - ROOM FLAT, : NKW AND.
— • (clear) in city; exctange for mortgaged prop-
erty. 11. C. DKCKKR, 1020 Market.
QE||fwi 100P ACltEs* GOOD LAND: WILL
<jl)O' 'Uw. exchange for food livery stable or
other paying business. GEO. SWAN, 720 Natoma.
LOTS; EVKART TRACT, NEAR ELM-
burst; to exchange for house and lot, Oakland;
will nay difference. R., box 4, Call Office.
If RUIT RANCH FOR EXCHANGE FOR OAK-
X 1 land or Fruitvale property.' Address E. B.
HAYS. 1641 Evt-rett sl. Aiameda. ■ -■■■ -
■LOR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
V erty. 60 arrej near San Jo«e, Cal.: */s orchard
In bearing, y 3 bare land: cash value $21,000. Ad-
dress 14 li 8., box 11. Call Oflice. : ■- . .
innn ACRES TIMBEK LAND, KERN CO.:
J -OU ivoter: tine for catllp-^lslng. N.ihx. lß-Call
___ _ ____________
I'KOPOSACS.
■PROPOSALS FOR WIIITENING ANDTINT-
King schoolhouses— Sealed- proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, 011 WEDNESDAY, July
29, 1896. Hi 8:30 o'clock p. _.. for whliening and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school building* In the city and county of
Han Francisco: Broadway, Bnena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den-
man, : Edison, " Emerson, Everett, Fairmount,
Franklin, Fremont, Garfield, Girls' High, Gold, n
Gate, . Haighi, Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant. Horace Mann, Humboldt. Irving,
John Swell. Jefferson, " Lafayette, Le Conte, La-
cuna Honda, Lincoln.' Longfellow,- Lowell IHSII,
Madison. M.irsli!.:!. Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House, l'aciflo Avenue, pacifia Heights,
Feabody. Polyteclinic. Bedding, . Richmond, Bin-
con, Sherman, t-'outh Cosmopolitan, Sheridan,'
South San I'ranclsco,": Spring Valley,' Stanford,
Starr King. 4 Satro. Washington, Webster, West
Knd, Whit Icr and Wlnfield i-cott schools: all
work to be done in accordance wljtfl specifications
on file at the storeroom of the school Department,
corner Pine an 1 Larkin fit*. - Kach bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the. above-named building*, The board reserves
, the right ' to reject any ■or all bid* as the public
' good may require. •' ■-•< \
.GEORGE r.EANSTON, Secretary.
T>ROPOHAI,S , FOR :'■ A ■ STONE BULKHEAD--
X denied proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of common Schools In open session of
the Board of Education, new City Hall, Sail Fran-
cinco,. on Wednesday.- JuU-.U3,«1886, at 8:30
o'clock p. m.; for constructing a atone bulkhead at
the Lafayette Primary -School, in tlie Cilv and
County of San - FrancUco. In accordance with the
specifications (and *he ' conditions . mentioned
there)!;) at the oflice of (hurl- s 1. Havens, archi-
t ect of the board, room 56, Fl< od building", corner
Fourth and' Mi«rK« Btree a The board reserve*
the rii;ht . to' reject -any or all bids as the public
; gc^dmayreoulr^ BEATON. Se,-reUrr.
: DISSOLUTION -Ol I'.M'.T.NKIMIII'.
: / m !: r; PICA IK OF cop a k tnbrship.-we
• ■■ \J certify that » we • constitute , a s copar.uerthip
transacting business in Ulla Slate. Its principal
paieot business Is at San Francisco, dliforuia.
. It- name Is KHR.MAN & CO., an i the full names
and respective places of residence of all Its mem-
ber* are signed hi- re to. ." ■'? '■■ ' • : > sj- -:-'■ ' *-~ 7 -
Dated San Fr*nclsoo, CaL, July 2, 1896.
MYER EHRMAN,
(By JOS EHBMAN, his attorney In fact),
'■-'■ Besldlns at *>an Francisco, California.
. JOSEPH I-.HKMAN,
- Jtesldlns a San Francisco, California.
- SOLOMON W. MM AN. '
Residing at San Francisco. California.
1 ALBEHT L. E 'R.MAN.
wßpQßPllQildlnsr at Pan Fr*nc!*co. California.
> Duly '. acknowledged oefore • SAMUEL • ROSEN-
HEIM,. notary- put)iic In and for the City, and
■ County of San Francl*co, State of California. -
i -Indorsed. .-■. - - ■::
; Filed July 2, 1596. c . F . cijßny^ erfc
C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, Deputy Clerk.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS ■
_____ 1
OFFICE— <>OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAI ESTATE. ;yl;
J~ : S "MS' K R, 1002 BROXDWXY. OAKLAND. :
. **000, acres in Fruitvale: near local sta- J
tion and electric cars; fronts 0n. 2 of the. finest ,
residence streets; can be subdivided to good ad- 1
vantage; 4 "houses on the property, all rented:
mortgage at th« bank 6000 ; will exchange for
clear property. '
Price $1400— Cash value at least $"090: owned
by the bank: taken on mortgage: nice i modern 5- J
room cottaze; barn: lot 140 feet deep: running
through 10 alley; • convenient 10 local station and £
electric cars terms. $200 to f 300 cash. -
■10 lots, $-00. In Fitchburg, : Oakland suburb, at '
local station and electric car*" ■-■".. '■
$2700— Mort({a<.«2500; anew house; 8 rooms: '
bath: on Vernon Heights; convenient to cars; ,
sightly: large lot; city conveniences; Al neigh- ,
borhood: sen it: first come, first served. J. S.
MYERS, ICO2 Broadway, Oakland.
OTTAtji-;; 6 ROOMS, BATH, ■ LAUNDRY,
\J atilc; large lot; reduced from $25 to $15. 1143 1
East Nineteenth st., near Twenty-third aye., East 1
Q.kland; K<y at 1139. . WILLIAM &TONE. ,
\l UST BE SULD— A COZY COTTAOE OF 3
1»I rooms: 2 chicken-houses; city water: lot 50x
108; all fenced; price $375. Fruitvale Laud Co.,
Fruitvale station. .... . .
(3jk>/| PER MONTH WILL BUY NEW MOD-
<ljP_.U crn house, 100 feet: land fenced: near
Seminary aye. ; $1650. 702 Telegraph aye., Oak-
land. ■ -." ■ .-.-.' :
C«7= LOTS AND UPWARD— ALLENDALE
«Ip I O Tract, BaM Oakland,' adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view aud a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape 10 build
on; a fine school with 'i elect ie roads near by;
terms $0 to $10 down, balance $5 mo .'.lily; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. -168
Mnth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON Es, owner.
VLr V'A' I -WJ* WILL BUILD YOU A .NKW 6-
«4P— — . room house, with all modern 'Im-
provements, in the - Grove-su' Tract. Grove and
Russell sts., for $2250, or an 8-room house tor
$2500; lots 40x125; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
©(•^/Wl 2-STOi.Y HOUSE OK 8 ROOMS:
tjDUUUU. all modern and complete; : lot 60x
112; N. side of Twenty-third st,, near Telegrapa
aye.; easy terms: street wort all done. a. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. : . .- ,-.;. ■
ffi»Q7Kn a-STORY 8-ROOM HOUs : NKW
«JpOI«Jl/. and all. modern; lust finished; N.
side of Twenty-third si., between Grove and Tel
graph aye. ; lot «0xll2; easy terms: street work
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. . .. - .-..
(&97P.A NEW 2-STOKY HOUSE: ALL
■ •>?,_, I tjyJm modern; 8 rooms; lot 35x165; near
Twenty-third st. and Telegraph aye. ; easy terms:
s.reet work all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way.-' .."•'.■'■••••"."••;'* ;-"'."f -■ ''■•* : " -•■:''-;-■
<2»qi XfJ NEW AND ALL MODERN TWO
«TO Ox *J\J. story house; 8 rooms: jus; com- :
pleted; 35x112: on Twenty-seventh St., Oe
Tele raph and Grove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broad  : .- .;.
%1 'j(\(\ nkwTmojjebn - COTTAUK OF 5
(Tl-UU. rooms and bath; high basement: lot
33x100; Loxleyave.. near Clinton: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway. ;
fit I 1 AA HOUSE 4 BOOMS; L0T.27:6xJ7;
tJpIXW. on Twenty-sixth su. near Market:
I must be sold; this in a bargain; street work ail
I done, A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broaawajr. v
i <L;97^fk 6-ROOM COTTAGE: ALL . MOD-
. — I O\J. em; lot 82x105: Fourteenth St., near
Adeline; abargain: street work all done. . A. li.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. '-■.:■■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KKAX KSTATE. .J. . .
S^o7wJT^<TlTR r ? >^IoTsRT^LL
•\J\J\J. modern and lust completed: lot 50x
150: located on Beuton. St., near Santa Clara aye. ;
easy terms: . street work all done. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. •
! m« OZT^n NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
_.t»OV/. house: just completed: all modern:
lot 80x125 J%psy terms; street work all done: tills
is a bargain; must be sold at once. A- H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway.
WANTED TO PURCHASE AN 8-KOOM
modern house: good-sized lot- Particulars J.,
box 49, this ofHc.-. .
"^TTniin BEAUTIJTUL NEW MODERN
tiJUUuU. two-story bouse, finely finished and
j beautifully frescoed; large room*; Central aye.,
one olock wist of Park St.; 11 will surely please
yon: investigate: terms to suit. U. _. M. OKAY,
i 463 Ninth si.. Oakland. ■
liJLUKjk.l.i'. ». i.tAL i.s'l.Vi'j;, 1
OOD HOMES FOR RKNT OR FOR SALK
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and bulldir.E, 2123 Center St., Berkeley. - ■
TOSKPiI J. MASON, HEaL EKl'Alri AND
I i> in»uranie agent. PerKeley siatn. adjoining bank.-
-i w^— —^—^»^^^«^^— i^^w^i
BERKELEY BOOMS AM) I.o .jkdi.Mi.
A FEW STUDENTS CAN SKCTJRrTnoo.Ms,
with board, in private family near university;
sew house;, modern; furnace, etc.; terms moder-
ate: by . applying - Immediately at 2329 Bancroft
war, near Chapel st. ■ -
' ', ; • UEIiJvELi;!' HOLSES. "
F^^ORRFNT— ELEGANT H i OUBE I? BOOmW;
large grounds: fruit: Dwigbt wav, Berkeley:
cheai> rent ,to desirable 1 any. SAMUEL <t
KNOWLKS. 481 Ninth St., Oakland.
jhi.m;v TO. loan. T~
VNY AMOUNT ON :"" 'BOlJiw, DIAMONDsi
IV watches. jewelry, silverware, ••alskins. silks
and instruments'; interest low -, private entrance;
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.'
DVA.NC-S ON DIAMONDS, WATCHKS.
jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without- re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWhLHT
bTORE, »4H Market «U; open evenings.
01! 1 l\f\ ToTIOAS, CITY, AT 6a(; ALSO
UU.UUU Oakland and country, lite. In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
-IN WALK, BUCKBEE _ CU, 818-220
Montgomery st. ... :■'-:.}; r - ... .
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
est per month for each $1000; same rate- sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. . Coin, box 2. Call.
■\yIONBY LUANKU UN - JKW-LHV AND
IVi ■ other valuables at the Security Loan OOlss.
{ HOtiMarketsu.ttr. Mason: private entrance? 'i'ur_
1 |IRECI' ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANUi
\) no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest, Km. t>B. Donohue b!dr. 1170 Market sc
NY AMOUNT: IST, 'ii> or 3D JtOKTUAUIi'4;
estates, undivided interests, real estate la nro-
bate. McOOLGAN.' 24 Montgomery, room 3, ■■■
HTdc'JU HOKTUAUKh; IXTEKKB'I'.i IN _+
tine* -.lowest rates :no delav.MUßPHV.6ax.Mrk-.
\ DIAMON DS.J X VVUL.MY. KTU
■'< ( olnmhiii lx>»n .<■• ro'lmi-nil Oil" "'-rv,. ■>•■<
- . .... i'A»V>iSUOKiil«. ~
T"ia6 r .' r iKBABrir?^BT^IWOM"-V--Mbs_Y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private room-*: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
- .". - 3IOXKY WA>TKD. ~~~
"^TTwuwT^T^^ETrc^N^TN^cTrY^B^Hi-
»jp IU.UUU ness Income- . nronr.y near the
' Baldwin Hotel. H. C. DKCKER. 10-0 Market st.
. "PH;>riiS^HO>rA— CAKU).
W~7LT>T~DKEDsrETa L? SONTa Q,"a TT' V
and Notary, 116 Market: . res., 2126 Howard.
JOHN K. i-.IcTIARDs, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
2.j and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
I 75, San Francisco, Cal. ____i__Ll_
JOHN R. AiTKKN AND MAURICE L, ASHER,
O attys at jaw, rms 515.516. 5 h floor, Parrott bldg.
TRUSTEES' SALES. »
j 7[mv^rKK»^Ai^-i^^ccoßDAycE^FPrH
; . X !h- terms and under the authority of a certain
! deed of trust, duly executed by TOBIAS M. 1 IN-
! DEM AN, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBKLL 1 and THADUKUB B. . KENT. Trus-
i tees, parties of Die second part, and the .-mi Fran,
j Cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
December 29th, 1887, and recorded in the office of
! the County Recorder of the cltv and County of San
1 Francisco, state of - California, In Liber 1275 . of
' Deeds, at paces 65, anil following; and in pur-
i suance of a resolution passed, on the 23d day of
i January, - 1896, by the Board *of Directors iof
' said SAN FKANrIS( o savings DNIUX, a
' j corporation, and the holder at' ibe notes (No. 8556),
i to secure payment of \vh!c:> the aforesaid deed of
1 ! trusi .was executed, declaring that default had
! been made. in the payment of the principal suras
; and other sums, due under said notes ana deed of
; > trust, a.<d reqaesting and direc;lng said 11 ■ Nltv
,|C. CAMPBi.LL and TH ADDEUS B. KENT,
> ! 'l rustles. 10 sell the . real estate described therein
! to satisfy said Indeb-edne**: '
r We, HK.NRV C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUf}
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
' TUESDAY, the 4ih day of Aueust, A. D. 1898. at
\ 1 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
■ room of.Easton, Eiiirid«e & Ca, No. BHB Market
street,' In the City and County of !-an Francisco,
. i state of California, we will sell - at public auction,
I ; to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
. ; United States, all that piece or parcel ■of land sit-
j uate In the <'ity and County of San Francisco, state
of California, described as follows, to wit: t . . ~
I 1 •-. Commencing at the cornt-r formed 'by 'lie inter-
I section of th south' rly line of : 1 aclflc street with
■ I the easterly : line of Mason street,' und running
' ; thence 'easterly, along said line of Pacific street,
1 . j ou«* hundrel and three | fret two inches . (103 and
. 2-12 feet) : thence at right angles southerly, sl.xty-
.' two feet six in hes (62 and 6-12 feet); thence a:
'■ right ancles westerly,- twenty-seven feet eight
■ Inches (27 and 8-13 feet); thence nt right angles
■ southerly, ten feet six inches (10 and 6-12 feet):
, thence at right angles westerly, seventy-five, feet
and six Incur* (75 and- 8-18 feet), to said easterly
': line of Mason street; and thence northerly, along
the last-name 1 line, seventy-three (73 feet), lo the
point of commence mem ;.- - ■■.."•-.« • .- • -•"
Being por lon of flfty-vara lot number three
hundred and thirlv-flve (835) : l ■' ,
Together with t'-,e appurtenances. - . . -
■'. Terms of sale— Cast! in gold coin of the United
I States; ten per cent payable 10 the undersigned on
- the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
I, deed; andif- not so paid, unless lor want of title
i (ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
• per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
■ Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
■-HENRY.C. CAMPBELL, ■»„_■'
' TUADBEUS B. XX.NT. . i m i sl '*•
STORAGE. .
S" TORA^T^cTl^rAl' i^E. f TSPtHeT'IT yTfIR&
proof building; advances made.*, 211 Larkin.'
TT»URNITUR.K % PIANOS, "'■ TRUNKS: AD-
A? vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0H.204 Post.
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., .132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fi^e-proof building: F.aateru plan.
L.VXESI Slill'flNO lNX___i<iJ_NtJJfi. '
Movement* "or Tram- \tl;»nSic SSm-n«M.
NEW YORK— Arrived July ; 11— Stmr La Nor-
manala, from Havre; stmr Island, 'rom Stettin.
GLASGOW— out July 12— stmr City of
Rome. - . ' . ■ ....■"
HAVRE- Arrived out July 12— Stmr La Bour-
rogne.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived • out July 12— Stmr
Paris. ' - '■ - • - ' • ■■•■'--
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 12-Stmr Umbrla, .
for New York. - -* -> .-'.• •;■ -
GIBRALTAR— Pas«ed- Joly 12-Stmr Kaiser
wiihelm 11, from Genoa and Naples, for New
York. ...
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed July 12— Stmr Werk-
sniiain. from Rotterdam, 'or New York.
SClLLY— Passed July 12- Stmc Dresden, from
New York, for r'remen. '•' ' ■
\ BißTli^-— 3IAIIRIAGES— - DEATHS.
IBlrth. marriace an I death no'.tce* sent br mitt
will not.be inserted. .They must be handed lv a;
either of the publication - ottices and be Indorse I
with the name and residence or pe»o<M au'.Uoruii
to have the same published.!
BORX
FOLEY— In this city, July 10, 1896, to the wife of
James Fo'ey, 11 daughter.
FRANCIS— June '.'9. 1896, to the wife of William
'Francis, adaughter. ' ' " •"
SAMPSON— JuIy 11. 1896, to the wile of C. C.
Sampson, a daughter. :
SNEATH— JuIy 12, 1896, to the wife of George R.
. Sneatb. a son.
■ - . siAitni*;u.
DOXEY— HANSEN— July 8. 1893. by the Rev. E.
J. Lion, William J. Doxey and Lillie M. Hansen.
MAHQUIS-METCALF— Juir 5. 1896. Alexander
W. jiarquls and Alice 11. Metcair, both or Sau
Francisco. '•HBBBBSSBBjB
ZEHRUNCS— DWYER-In Denver. Colo., July 8,
189*3, by the He y. Father t.'alUhaa. Juh:» Zeu-
' rung of Denver and' Mary Dwyer of San 1 r.lll-
-ri-t'i. . . •
i>lKl>.
Brooks. Bridget Lacy, Mrs. Ann
Burrs, Mary A. Leiser, May !<.
Carter, Anna M. : , Manes, Adolpn
Collins, Mary Martin, Albert H.
Coursey, John . Merer. Frederick W.
. Uilmonils. Hannah .M, Morniban, Katie
. Garvey. Patrick Nelson. Sophie A,'
■■• GnarasUa, M;uv ■ ' Peterson, Oscar
j Hoxun, James R. . Riiey, Thomas D.
Harris, Henry K. >:,;-,' .Is, Airs. Lucinda
Smith, Jacoo M.
BROOKS— In Colma. San Mateo" County, July 11,
1898, Brl Ice:', beloved wif- of John, and mother
• of Mar.- Brooks, sister of Patrick and Ann Ratl-
gan, and sister-in-law of Patrick : Brooks, a na-
tive of the parish of Taugh McConnell, County
Boscommon, Ireland, aged 70 years. ■ ' '■
ffSTFrlen am acquainzance* - are r*soeT.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
/(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her Into
residence, Colma. thence io-St. Ann's church,
-where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her sou . commencing at
. 10:30 o'clock a. — . Interim.- a: Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BURN'S-In this city. July 11, 1898. Mary A.,
: relict of the 'ate Matthew .Hums, and beloved
mother of Mr*. G. s. Graham. Jonn F. and
Thomas A. Burns. Mrs. A. J. Madden and Mat-
thew p. Burns, a native of County Wextord,
_ Ireland, aged t>B years and 26 days. •
' ' Kir Friend* and acquaintance' ar* rftsn"»<s"-
-folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
■ dence, 935 Butter street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem muss will
. be celebrated tor the repose ot her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock -a.- x. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. v
CARTEh— In this city. July 11, 1896. Anna M.
' A., beloved daughter of Georore J. and Mary A.
: Carter, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years
7 mantns and 21 days.
J93~Frlends and acquaintances are resn^cv
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock "a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 5 Knssell street, off Hyde, near Union-
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. July 11,1893. Mary Col-
lins, a native of New York, aged 51 years.
COURSEY— A solemn requiem high ma?s(month's
mind) will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late John Coursey at St. Patrick's
Church TO-MORROW (Tuesday), commencing
at 8 o'clock A. M. Friends and acquaintances
are kindly invited to a tend. . .
EDMONDS-In this city. July 12, 1898. Hannah
M. Edmonds, loving mother of Mrs. Clementine
E. Taylor, a native of Norwich, Chenango
County, New York, aged 78 years.
QARVKY-In this city, July ' 12. 1896. Patrick
- Garvey, beloved brother of Bister Mary Concep-
. tion of Los Angeles and the late Thomas and
David Garvey, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land. ns;ed 42 year*. - -
. • ■ jCiTFrlands, ana . acanalntanoej .are. EMM**-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at '1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy <£ Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. " - '
GUARAGLIA— In this city. July 11, 1896, Mary
1 Gimraella. beloved wife of James Guara?lla, and
. mother of - Irene, Amelia and Elvera Cuaraglla,
and sister of Judge A., Michael L. and Nellie
" spluetti. lMrhplina Ghlglleri and Lulsa Baciga-
lupl, a native of San Francisco.
XEJTFrlotjrti ami acquaintances are rpsnec*-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 450 Union street. High mass will be
celebrated for the repo3« of her soul at Sts. Peter
, and Paul's Church, corner Filbert and Dupout
streets. . , '
HA HRIS— In this city, at the Potrero, July 11,
1896, Henry I.. Harris, a native of California,
age 1 44 years and 8 months.
_3"Frieml« ant i\'-a.iialnran?px »r« r°*<\ a ~.*-
•. fully Invited to attend the funeral services
TO-M.OBROW (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at,
■ his late residence, 80i Tennessee street.- lnter-
mont private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery, from.
Third and Townseud streets, by 11:45 o'clock
a. m. train.
HOGAN— In Vallejo. July 12. 1898. James R.
Hogan. beloved uusband of Julia Ho-an. and
father Dr. J. J. and Ma?gie M. Hogan, a na-
I tive of County Limerick. Ireland, aged nO years
4 months and 12 days. - j Boston anJ CUarlestowa
; (Mais.) papers please copy. J
ft3"Frlepcts anil : acquaintance? are resnee*.-
fully invited to attend the'tuneral TO MO ROW
('Tuesday) niorniir;, - from his late residence,
corner- Marin and Onio streets, thence to' st.
Vincent's Church, "where. a so. em 11 requiem
mass will be cMehmted for the repose of his
" soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a, m. -'-. t
LACY— In Mllplta*, Jiilr 11. 1&96. atlhe'resi-
dence of Thomas J. Lacy. Mrs.. Ann Lacy, sister
of the late Mrs Joan Sinnott and the late Mrs.
. Murphy, a native of Wexford. Ireland,
aged 8 J day*. . .
«y Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from
the. Catholic Church in illlpltas. Interment
Santa Clara Cemetery. .
LRIBER— In Woo Hand, Yolo County, July 11,
May Leah, beloved wife of Simon and mother of
Auzus'.us Li is r, a native of Brooklyn. New
York, aged 22 years 2 months acd 12 days.
MARKS— JuIy 19,18*1 Adolph, beloved husband
I of Burtaa Marks, and father of 1 Fanny, May and
Kitty Marks, aged 60 years and 4 months. ,
j Martin— ln this city,, July 5, 1894 Albert
Homer, youngest ciild of A. H. and Louise Mar-
' tin, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 7 days. .
Friend* are respectfully Invited toatteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock
p. _.. from chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, July ; 12. 1893.. Frederick
- W. Meyer, a native of Copenhagen, Denmark,
- aged 6 a years- ■■^gwfljl
MO V N AN— ln this city. July. 12. 1896, Katie
Moynihan, b Moved sister of Cornelius and Den-
nis Moynihan. a native of the' parish of Inche-
geela. count.- Cork, Ireland, a««-d 32 year*. -
tßT ßemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. 767 Mission street.
NELSON— in this clttv July 11, 1896. Fophte A.,
wife of the late Anton Nelson, beloved mother of
Agatha. Alice and Mlllan Nelson, daughter of
Agatha Sirobftl, and sister of Mrs. N. Lenieti,
Theodore and John Mersch, a native of La<ar-
ette, Ind , a<ed 40 years 5 months and 2 days.
[Los Angeles and Lafayette ilnd-) papers piease
copv.j - .
Friends and acquaintances ar» r»<ne<r.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 211 Tweniy-sixtu street, between Bry-
I ant avenue and Florida street, thence to St. An-
I thony 's Church, Army street.between Folsom and
Shotwell, where a solemn requiem high mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at lOo'clock a.m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. St. train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. " %: j- '
PETERSON— In Athione, Merced County, Cal.,
Jut-.- 11, 1893, Oscar Peterson, beloved bro her
of Mrs. Herman Cohan and Eonll Peterson, a na-
tive of OlanJ. Sweden, aged 26 years and 9
months. '
Friendi and acquaintance »r* rßsm»T-
Inily Jnvited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday)." at ■ 10 o'clock a. = m., from the par-
lor* of Halstcd A Co., 846 Mission street.
: interment I O. O. F. Cemetery. ••
RILISY— fa this city, July 11.1896-. Thomai D,
(late of Rlley & Vest), beloved husband of Ern-
e: lliie Riley, a native of. County Westmeatb, Ire-
land, aged 63 years 6 months and 17 days.
JE9~Frlend3 are respectfully Invited to attent
th»» funeral TO-MORROW (Tuesday) at 9
o'clock a. M., from 119 Jones street, thence to
St. Mir.- 's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem"
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 1 o'clock a. H, - Interment
i Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .
SHULTIS— In Alameda. Cal., July 12, 1896. Mr*
- Lucind i SlinJtl*. be'.ov>-d wife or Edward Siiultla.
' . and dearly beloved mother of Florence. Edward
ami John Hhultis and Mrs. Jennie Hardman, a
native of New Orleans, ■ La. , aged 56 years 4
, months and 11 days, : - - • .
SS3~ Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully • Invited - to ■ attend . the ■ •-. funeral . services
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.,
• at the residence of J. W. Hardnaan, '.'OO2 Pacific
. avenue. Interment Masonic : Cemetery," San
• Francjsco.^g_fggqMSpßgßK_B_B*nng*«fß^
SMITH — In th's city, July 12,18^6, Jacob Mor-
: ton Smith, a native of New York, aged 87 years
I' 7 months and 25 days. ■ -. - -.
1 (VIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, ; I
f FUNKRALDiaEiCTORS_F.3!BAL)IKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School,
Telephone 8080. V
1314
THE ELITE AT
A COCKING MAIN,
Select Crowd of Sports
Meet at the Foot of
Tamalpais.
THREE WOMEN PRESENT
Centra Costa and San Francisco
Counties Have an Old-
Time Fight.
THE FORMER THE WINNER.
How the Veteran Con Mooney Was
Fed on Game Cocks by a
Blundering Caterer.
The cockfighter will not down. The
same thrill a Spaniard has in seeing the
matador thrust his sword into the heart of
an infuriated bull is his when the game
cock again and again punches the gaff
into the neck of a chicken. If the latter,
cut up and feeble from exertion and loss
of blood, fights on till death the thrill is
more intense, according to toe amount of
savageness displaj'ed by the victorand the
endurance of the vanquished.
The cockfighter argues that the sport is
not so cruel as dogfighting, driving horse
races, coursing or prizefighting, and he
does not propose to be done out of his
pet pastime by the arbitrary regulations
of cities or townships.
The undisputable proof of all this was
given yesterday in the shade of old Mount
Tamalpais, where one of the biggest and
most aristocratic mains of this year was
successfully held.
It was a big main in the respect that
Contra Costa and San Francisco counties,
the two best gamecock producers, were
pitted. Thirty birds on either side, trained
and ready to battle, were shipped over to
Sausalito Saturday night. This was done
in the old-time conventional way, each
cock being inclosed in a gunnysack tied at
the neck. In days gone by, a man with a
gunnysack the contents of which wriggled,
chuckled and crowed, attracted but little
attention. It was different, however, on
Saturday evening's ferry-boat. The un
usual occurrence attracted much attention,
and the residents of Sausalito were on the
lookout all of yesterday for the treat they
expected was in store for them.
The aristocratic end of the main was in
its seiection. This was an exclusive
affair, more so than in those days when a
five-dollar note was collected from each
sport as he gained entrance to the pit. A
few of the veterans in such affairs were
present. They were not many, for most
of them have passed away or are not now
in fit physical condition to take long jour
neys such as are necessitated while chas
ing away from constables, sheriffs and
the like meddlesome gentry. The new
element which figured yesterday at the
pitside consisted mainly of clerks in high
positions, both civil and official; Judges
of police and Superior Courts, a city
father or so and three ladies who have
often graced the salons of upper tendom.
Barring an expression or two of "Oh,
my dear," "Poor thing, is it much hurt?"
wnen one bird jabbed out another's eye
with its steel spur, these ladies had a
splendid outing. They laughed at the
ludicrous appearance of the cocks, shorn
of their extra plumaare. just as a prize
fighter's hair is cut close to the scalp prior
to entering the ring. They wagered gloves,
candy and even money on which would
prove the victor in the engagement that
must almost necessarily end in the death
of one or both roosters.
It is generally accepted that pleasure
most difficult to acquire is that which is
best appreciated. Apparently from their
yesterdays outing, these ladies were enti
tled to all the fun they enjoyed.
It was hoped that the main could be
brought off in Sausalito. Why not? Pool
rooms that are prohibited from running
in every town and hamlet of>the State ran
there in full blast and with open doors,
where even boys and young girls may be
come educated to gambling.
But the City Trustees of Sausalito drew
the line at cock-hguting. Constable Gar
rity, wide awake as usual, set his foot
down on the sport ana declared that the
order from tne City Trustees must be
obeyed. George Ginn, ex- Mayor ol Sau
taiito, was sworn in as a deputy constable,
and he too assisted in enforcing the law.
Eveu old Judg« Belhue, the only magis
trate in the burg, and who is likewise sole
proprietor of the dusps at the ferry, re
luaed to carry passengers who calmly de
manded to be taken as fares to the cock
fight.
J. Ross Jackson, the well-known news
HEW TO-DAY.
The most potent rem-
edy ever called upon
in a case of emer-
gency. A gentle tonic
and stimulant, sooth
ing to the stomach,
helpful to the system;
correcting derange-
ments caused by over-
eating or indigestible
food* A remedy used
the wide world over
for 75 years,
Rold everywhere. Ask for Fred Brown's.
FKEO ttKOWM CO., riiILAUKLI'HIA.
paper man, who presides over the Na
tional Athletic Club of this City, where
Corbett and Shartey recently had their go
as-you-please fight, refused absolutely to
lend his presence to encouraging the hold
ing of chicken fights in the place he has
chosen for his summer home.
These things delayed the affair many
hours. Instead of taking place in a com
fortable barn within a half hour's run to
the ferry, it was conducted twelve miles
away. To get there proved a big hitch,
owing to Judge Belhue's refusal to lend
his buses. An hour or so was consumed
procuring other conveyances, into which
the sports and the gamecocks were
stowed. That was a merry ride in the hot
sun and dust, the roosters signifying their
presence by crowing all along the road,
and especially when passing the barnyards
of wayside ranches.
The first fight for $20 a side opened the
festivities at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Tne birds, a five-pound-two-ounce red
Spanish representing Frisco, and a slightly
heavier white bird doing the same for
Contra Costa. The usual shearing and
heeling took up some time, during which
the people present became quite well ac
quainted.
"It's too bad old Con Mooney isn't
here," remarked a man who is au fait in
sued matters to a coterie of listeners.
Mooney is one of the best known sport
ing men in the State. He is slightly
rheumatic now and is not so well able to
get around as he used to.
"Did you ever hear about that chicken
dinner Mooney and a few of us had in San
Jose?" another fellow asked.
"Well, we had gone down there to have
a main at the old racetrack. This was
about ten or twelve years ago, when Con
tra Costa and Frisco were fighting Santa
Clara.
"Mooney had a couple of 'larlee-coolers,'
each in a sack, and expected to make a
good killing against the Mexicans down
there, who would bet as long as they had a
dollar to back their opinion.
"Arriving at San Jose some three hours
ahead of time and feeling hungry, we all
went over across the way from the station.
We bad a drink or two and Mooney
handed his two gunnysacks to the Italian
caterer, telling him to take them down
stairs, their crowing attracting too much
attention.
"A few more drinks and an order for
dinner was given. 'Give us the best
you've got, plenty of it and quick.'
"The Italian kept the crowd waiting
longer than it seemed necessary, and the
hungry gang began clamoring for food.
"Presently the hearts of taose present
were gladdened when the tables were set
and laden with a lovely-smelling chicken
stew and some heavy blue wine. Tue
chicken, to be sure, was a little tough, but
that made no great difference to good
te eth and hungry stomachs.
"The hour for our departure arrived,
and with that important air that comes with
the satisfaction of having been kind to
one's self, Mooney shouted:
" 'Here you are, Mr. Macaroni, fetch me
those sacks of mine.'
" 'Verree well, Mista Moon,' answered
the caterer, and he soon reappeared with
the two empty gunnysacks.
" 'Where are my chickens?' asked
Mooney in thundering tones.
"'You ela da chick, Mr. Moon!' ex
claimed the Italian, in astonishment that
his guest had so soon forgotten his sump
tuous lunch."
This story being told and a general
laugh having put all hands in good hu
mor, the red and white birds were breasted
and the first fight of the main was in pro
gress.
The 'Frisco representative proved a
clever "wheeler," striking and seeking
shelter under the white bird's wing just as
Corbett and Sharkey avoided punishment
by clinching after each blow. The en
gagement was greatly prolonged in conse
quence, and exhaustion, rather than loss
of blood, brought it to a conclusion.
The white was gaffed early in the fight,
and he subsequently showed it was not to
his liking. "He's a quitter!" shouted
one of his backers; "he'll jump the pit,
sure."
The words were hardly spoken when
Contra Costa's representative turned tail
and flew out, the red cock pursuine him.
In such cases the backer or handler of
the pursuer counts forty in rapid succes
sion. This is called the finish count and
the birds were separated and breasted
once more in the center of the pit. A
couple of passes were made and the white
cock again turned tail. Again counting
was done. The rule prescribes that only
ten need ba counted the second time,
when again the fowls must be breasted.
Should the counts of ten occur five times
in succession the bird refusing to fight
must be declared a loser.
When the white bird flew the pit the
second time his handler agreed with the
man who baa so appropriately called him
a ''quitter." He knew there was no use
trying to make him fight, so he withdrew
him, giving Frisco the battle.
Frisco scored another win with a four
pound eight-ounce white stag against a
red four-pound six-ounce cock. A stae is
a bird not yet fifteen months old. Above
that age the bird is a cock. It was a well
fought and stubborn battle, the youngster
making a blinker of his foe in the second
pass by gouging out bis right eye with the
steel gaff. After that the older bird rap
idly got the worst of the fight, but
gamely fought on until he died in the pit.
Frisco's first reverse was in the third
fight, for $25 a side and several hundreds
of dollars between individuals. The affair
was as unfortunate as it was brief. At the
first pass Frisco broke his right leg, and
was withdrawn. Some of the bystanders
would have had the battle continue, even
going so far as to suggest: "Let him kill
him." Others prevailed, however, and
Contra Costa got the purse. The letter's
bird was untouched and willing to accom
modate another bird, which Frisco soon
furnished. Again Contra Costa proved
victorious, killing a bird two ounces heav
ier than itself.
Another broken leg settled Frisco's fate
in the fifth engagement. The cocks had
been at it with honors principally in
Frisco's favor. There was $25 a side up
and odds of $10 to $8 were being given
against Contra Costa. In some unaccount
able manner Frisco's right gaff lodged in
its left leg, and when the steel was with
drawn the unfortunate bird's shoulder was
round to be broicen. He fought on gamely,
but his only serviceable lee he needed to
rest on and could, therefore, be only on
the defensive. He was withdrawn in time
not to meet his coup de grace.
Other battles, lasting far into the night,
terminated with Contra Costa winning
eight out of fifteen fights.
Preached to Drummer*.
Rev. Edward Park Jenkg, co-pastor with Rev.
Robert Mackenzie of the First Presbyterian
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and Sacra
mento street, delivered a sermon last night in
tended, especially for commercial travelers,
who had Deeo cordially invited. Besides ■ the
sermon there was a good musical programme
arranged for the day by Otto Fleissner, the
musical director. '•.£ByStt/4*HHE3JS3B
• m »
There are forests of leafless trees in some
parts of Australia. " They respire, so >to
say, through a little stem, apparently an
swering the purpose of a leal.. The tree is
known as "the leafless acacia."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1
COLORED PEOPLE
NOT UNMINDFUL
Honoring the Memory of
Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe.
A FITTING PANEGYRIC.
Her Production of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" Brought Eman
cipation.
AMELIORATION HER AIM.
Inspiration From on High Prompted
a Great Mind to Beneficial
Action*
The colored people of San Francisco as
sembled in the A. M. E. Zion Church on
Stockton street yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of holding commemoration
Scene at the A. M. E. Zion Church on Stockton Street During the Impressive Services in Commemo
ration of the Late Harriet Beecher Stowe, Authoress of " Uncle Tom's Cabin."
[Swathed by a "Call" staff artist.]
services in honor of Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe, the authoress of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin."
The little weather-beaten church in
which the memorable Starr King bekl its
first service and at which in his
early days some of the then
most prominent families attended di
vine worship was filled during the ser
vices yesterday. They were there to pay
respect if not veneration to the woman
who through her work, the world-wide
read "Untie Tom's Cabin, "did so much to
bring the colored race out of slavery.
How well this noble woman succeeded
history and to-day's conditions are the
best witnesses.
This great work for a suffering and down
trodden race is so fully appreciated by the
people who have been benefited by it that
an output of gratitude from joyous hearts
is the response over the broad land wtiere
ever a colored nan or woman may be
found.
That Harriet Beecher Stowe felt in her
heart for the amelioration of the colored
slave there could be no doubt, and that
this race to-day feels deeply indebted to
her memory is equally true and sincere.
The services were opened yesterday aft
ernoon by T. B. Morton, a gifted speaker
and a leading light among his people.
Every Beat in the church was filled with
men, women and children. The latter, in
their handsome summer dresses of various
hues and up-to-date head gear, presented
a novel as also a pleasant picture to be
hold.
Mr. Morton, in calling the meeting to
order, said:
Friends, ladles and gentlemen: We have as
sembled this afternoon to do honor to »he great
Hie and work and to contribute our highest
mark of respect to the memory of one whose
true positicu in history will stand in the front
rank of the noblest Christian men and women
that have ever lived.
For no one person, in no single work or argu
ment, has spoken so effectively to as many dif
ferent people in so man? different languages
and tongues in defense of the oppressed as did
Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Mrs. Stowe was born at Lltchflcld, Conn., on
June 14, 1812, and departed this liieon Julyl,
189t>, In the eighty-tihn year of her age. These
exercises are appropriate and commendable in
our people, and we take this method of Know
ing ou* appreciation of her whose memory we
have assembled here to commemorate and to
pass down the lesson of gratitude and honor
to our children for future generations.
Scripture reading by the Rer. E. T. Cott
nian was attentively listened to, after
which the Rev. J. J. Sitton. a white man
and minister of Cumberland Presbyterian
Church, offered prayer to the Almighty
for his blessings uoon his colored brethren
in this their hour of joy and sorrow— joy
for the blessings of freedom and sorrow
for the loss of a noble woman whom they
loved.
A. Collin«, president of the meeting,
followed in a panegyric on the life and
labors of fciis. Harriet Beecher Stowe and
finished by exhorting his hearers to live
good lives and by so doing convince the
world that the emancipation of 4,000,000
human beings was not a mistake on the
part of those who offered up their lives as
a sacrifice. He continued :
"The foresight given Mrs. Stowe was
nothing short of an inspiration from Al
mighty God, and to her, unaer God, must
great if not all credit be given for the free
dom enjoyed to-day by the colored peo
ple.
"It was owing to her work and directed
by the same unseen power that the hand
of the mighty Lincoln signed the de
cree of emancipation which with one
stroke freed 4,000,000 of human beings
from bondage."
The Rev. H. J. Callis, minister of Zion
Church, followed with one of his most
able and eloquent addresses, first touching
upon the equality of the sexes and then on
the dividing line which had separated the
two races before. Mrs. Stowe opened not
only the eyes of the American people, but
the eyes of the whole civilized world.
He followed with a masterly paneeyric
of the noble qualities of this great woman,
whose memory would never die but
would remain a household word aa long as
a colored man or woman lived.
He feelingly portrayed the auction
block in Baltimore, where the Alabama
rufhans used to come with a pocket full of
gold and often examine the muscles of
the chattels there offered for sale, separ
ate son from father and mother and sister
from brother. But this condition of
shameless affairs is passed forever, thanks
to Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Closing exercises were had, including a
recitation by Miss Jackson, history of
Mrs. Stowe's life by Mrs. Rice and ad
dresses by Mr. Henderson and the Revs.
J. E. Edwards and J. A. Allen..
"VOTE FOR McKINLEY."
That Is the Advice of President
Morton of the Afro-American
League to His People.
T. B. Morton, president of the Afro-
American League, is in receipt of a letter
from the Searchlight published at Los
Angeles asking the question if Afro-
Americans should support McKinley and
incidentally seeking an opinion on the
money question. The letter in question
reads as follows:
Los ANGa.ES, Cal., July 3, 1896.
T. B. Morton, President Afro- American League,
San /Vane wco— Dear Sir: Do you think the
Afro-Americans ought to support McKinley
and the Republican party this fall? Is tne Re
publican platform broad enough for all Afro-
Americans to stand upon? Which is the most
important to the Afro-Americans— the money
or the suffrage question? Please • write your
answer for publication in the McKinley edi
tion of the Searchlignt, which will : be pub
lished July 10. Let me hear from you not
later than Wednesday. An early reply is so
licited. Yours respectfully,
" J. L. Edmonds, Editor.
'In reply to this, 1 President Morton, who
is a power among his own people, writes
as follows:
July 8, 1896.
■T. L. Edmondn. E*q., Editor Searchlight,', Los
Angeles,' Cal.— My Dear Kjb: Yours of recent
dote, propounding three Important ques
tions on the position the Afro - Ameri
cans should take in the great political contest
this year, received and contents noted. You
will find my views fully expressed as to the
Republican party in The Call of. this City in
last Sunday's issue.
As to our supporting Major McKinley, the
Republican nominee for President, I have just
this to say. Major McKinley is the ideal
statesman of America, the stanch friend of
the negro. He is among the few great men of
this age to whom credit can be given that dur- |
ing his long public life he has stood squarely
and firmly by , the principles of the great Re
publican party. The principles of . the parly,
I will say frankly, are broad enough for any
man, woman or child to stand upon. The oniy
question that should concern us is simply this
one: Have we men at the head of the party
who have the force of character to stand man
fully by these great * principles and uphold
them? . |
At the National Convention at Minneapolis,
while making the ■ opening speech as chair
man, Major McKinley, after referring to pro
tection and . reciprocity, said: • "We are to de
clare ourselves upon other questions here to
day. We are to declare ourselves ' : on the
question of a free ballot and a - fair
count. No platform should have been
made by a -Republican convention that
did not reiterate that great constitutional
guaranty. No Republican speech should ever
be made that did . not Insist firmly, and reso
lutely insist, that that great constitutional guar
anty shall bo a living birthright, not the cold
formality of constitutional enactment, but a
living thing, which the poorest and humblest
may confidently enjoy, and which the rich and
the most powerful uare not deny." The above
utterances are grand, noble and sublime,
spoken at a time when he was not seeking or
expecting vows, but standing firmly as «the
acklowledged leader of a great party, shaping
its future and building Its platform. Our in
terest is safe in his hands, and 'not only ours,
but the Nation's. -
- If McKlnley is elected prosperity will be seen
in all parts of our fair land.
■ Now as to the money question I have only
this to say: If McKinley and the Republican
party grant 1,000.000 negroes of this country
in every and all parts of it, a fair and unmo- !
lested road .to the ballot-box, and have our
ballots counted in common with other Amer
ican citizens, we are completely 'satisfied with
any kind of money they may give us. Human
liberty, trial by jury and the right to earn , a
dollar are the most important questions that
are to be considered by as. Give us these and
all other rights will follow.
_ At the coming congress, which is to convene
In your city August 11, we will deal with these
questions, I trust, in such a way that the poli
ticians and honest citizen* of . this State may
see and appreciate our position. . (
••"I would. say in conclusion, McKinley, with |
his force of character, the knowledge we have i
had of him while leader of the House in the
great contests on Federal election law, the
Blair educational ' bill ■ and 2 other important
questions, easily proclaim him as not only the
most available man, but the man above all
others that should have • our unanimous sup
port.; I look forward with great pleasure-to
the meeting . in Los Angeles, the ' most Impor
tant gathering we have had in the State.
■ 11 1 have answered your question I am grate
ful, and if I have not you will not only know
my position on ; tho«e questions, but when we
? I n^J n 1 V <>BAn « eles you will hear, from » the
10.000 -^Afro-American voters » oi *, this State
through their representatives in 1 , the congress
Yours, very sincerely; v , . T. B. Mokton,
President Afro-Aiaeric&n League.
VOTERS MAY BE
DISFRANCHISED,
The Central Office Cannot
Record All Their
Names
IN TWENTY-THREE DAYS
Registrar Hinton Issues a Time
ly Warning to Register
at Once.
GRAVE DANGERS IN DELAYING.
Precinct Registration May Not Be
Held, So It Should Not Ba
Considered.
The Republican County Committee is
making timely preparations for precinct
registration so as to be ready in case the
Supreme Court of California should de-
cide in favor of the old law providing for
registering voter* in every precinct of the
City. When the Election Commissioners
meet to-day to review the names sub
mitted for officers of precinct registration
the Republican County Committee will
have presented a long list of judges for
various precincts.
This alertness on the part of the com
mittee is, however, a mere precautionary
measure, for it is believed by officers of the
committee thnt there will be no registra
tion this year in the precincts.
"My advice," said Charles W. Man
waring, chairman of the county committee
lost night, ''is to register at once. There
is a possibility of no precinct registration
this time, and besides the Registrar has
so much work before him there is danger
that if people leave registering to the last
few days they cannot possibly get their
names placed on the register. This is a
serious matter now.
"Every yote counts and nobody should
neglect this duty, but should at once go to
the City Hall and register. The Republi
can County Committee has preached this
from the first. The Democrats held out
last time for precinct registration and i
believe thelroqaois Club is doing the same
thing now. Every voter in San Francisco
should register ri ht now and not leave it
to the last moment. If he is not careful
he may not be able to vote at all."
Registrar Hinton says he believes that
unless voters stand in line immediately
and register at his office fu:ly 20,000 citi
zens may be debarred from voting at the
election through the very inability of his
office to take the names of all applicants
in the rush of the closing days. Regis
tration closes August 3 in the central
office and August 8 in the precincts —
if precinct registration he held. During
the fifty-one days ended Friday a total of
14,263 names were recorded. During the
corresponding period in 1894 16, 172 were
enrolled.
During the day and the three hours of
night registration vesterduy 1753 voters
were registered, the largest number sched
uled during any day since the central
office opened. The next highest number
was recorded on Friday, when 1045 names
were listed. It is estimated that more
than 75.000 votes should be cast this year
in tne Presidential election. Only twenty
three days remain during which names
may be registered at the City Hall.
Registrar Hinton estimates that there
will t>e over 60,000 voters to be listed and
that with his present working force it will
be utterly impossible to register them all.
The best day's record for one man, work
ing eight nours, has been 100 names.
There are sixteen clerKs employed in the
booth proper, and therefore to register
1600 names a day will be to strike about
the limit. The force can be increased to
eighteen men, but this will not suffice.
The highest record for one day in San
Francisco at the central bureau Is
2506 voters, bur this being the last
day of central registration in 1894, it was
continued until late at night and without
interruption during meal hours.
To take all the names between now and
August 3, it has been estimated, would re
quire the enrollment of more than 2000
names 3 day, which is not practicable
under the present conditions. This fact
has given rise to a movement to keep open
the central office for registration night and
day, with a double force of clerks on duty
all the time.
An act amending the registration law in
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS. . . -' "
DRESS GOODS!
DRESS GOODS!
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING
ELEGANT DRESS JODS !
ELEGANT DRESS GOODS I
■ . - • ; — U— • ■
Commencing Monday, July 13th, ; and
continuing during the balance of this month,
we will offer EXTRAORDINARY VALUES in
COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS.
■ ■' .*'- •■ : ■-''■■■' - .• - ■ '- /' ''r y '~ : v . -V"' ?. ■ ,
NOTE THE PRICES!
50 pieces 52-INCH NOVELTY SUITINGS, in a great variety
of colorings, all new goods. . — . . sOc per yard
Regular price 51. 00.
75 pieces 4S-L\CII NOVELTY CHECKS, all wool, and silk and
wool, the newest colorings and styles. -75c per yard
Worth $1.00 and $1.25.
36 pieces ALL-WOOL DIAGONALS (in Navys and Black
only), full 50 inches in width . . . . . sOc per yard
>V ; ; Regular value 85c.
27 pieces GENUINE FRESCO DIAGONAL (wide wale), fall
48 inches wide, in Browns, Greens, Blues, Cream
and Black 75c per yard
Worth $1.25.
5 cases 46-DfCH [FRENCH AND ENGLISH SERGES, in all the
new colorings, also 81ack. ..... .i. . . sOc per yard
Worth 75c.
NOTE— The above are all NEW GOODS,
imported by us direct from the manufactur-
ers, and at the prices quoted are exceptional
bargains.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
counties outside San Francisco has raised
the doubt as to the validity of precinct
registration.
Originally this law especially exempted
San Francisco from its provisions, and
San Francisco was then governed by the
special registration act passed for tne con
solidated City and County; but the fram
ers of the new general law eliminated the
clause excepting San Francisco from .its
provisions, and this, as competent, author
ities declare, brings the City under the
provisions of tbe general law. This gen
eral law says that all registration shall
cease ninety days before the general elec
tion. The special law governing San
Francisco says that all registration shall
cease fifteen days before the election.
The Iroquois Club has taken the question
before the Supreme Court on mandamus
proceedings. So everything now rests
with the court, from which a decision is
expected daily.
Meanwhile the Republican County Com
mittee is selecting its judges of precinct
registration, and will be ready to watch
the interests of Republican voters should
the court decide in favor of precinct regis
tration.
The only way, however, to avoid the
risk of being disfranchised this singularly
important year is to go to-day or to-mor
row to the Registrar's office and have your
name recorded there.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING
Dr. A. H Giannini Is P easantly Sur
prised on His Return From a
Southern Tour.
One of the most successful and enjoy
able surprise parties of the season was ten
dered to Dr. Attilio H. Giannini at tbe
home of his parents, 604 Filbert street, on
last Friday evening, July 3.
On the evening mentioned the doctor,
who has recently graduated from the
Medicai Department of the University
of California, had returned home from
an extended trip through the south,
and instead of being greeted by the mem
bers of the household, as he anticipated,
about forty young friends had assembled
in tbe laree and spacious parlors to join in
the hearty welcome. Professor Deviini's
orches:ra, consisting entirely of young
ladies, played some very choice selections,
after which dancine, singing and eames
were indulged in until midnight, when a
very elaborate su per was served.
At the supper table Golden Fox acted as
toast master of the evening. Mr. Bernard
McElroy of Oakland displayed his wit and
eloquence In his response to the toast,
"The Occasion." Frank J. Burke snowed
Ins poetical taste in delivering a toast
"To the Girls," while Miss Clara Baker re
sponded iv a very charmiujj manner to the
subject, "The Boys.'
Alter supper dancing was resumed until a
later hour. The following is a list of those
present :
Miss Florence Scatena, Miss Josephine Fitz
patrick. Miss Lillie Rocca, . Miss Clotilda
Chichizola, Miss Grace Burke, Miss Kitty
Cailsby, Miss Angie Siniorile, the Misses Clara
and Annie Baker. Miss Dollie Arata Miss Clo
tilde Devlin. Mi*s Lucia Campbell. Miss Kitty
Campodonico, Miss Angie Devlin, Miss Laura
Fox. Miss Imelda Dev.in, Him Joseuliine
ONeil, Walter Thompson, A. K. Sbarboro B L ".
nard McElroy, Dr. Guido CatcHeri Frank
Relchline, J. Campodonico, F. J Burke T 1
Fi;zi.atrick Charles Let-art, Georie Giannim!
Will J. roi.Dr. A. H. Giannini, Archie Camp^
i <-°f X> Frank MorWn . Luke J. Fly nn
and Dr. A. Cafarala.
Miss Winnie Wade and her sister, Mrs. Fred
Higpins, have returned from a pleasant trip to
Adams isprings*, Lake County.
When Baby was sick, wo ga-e her Castoiia.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Jliss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
l«nB BH jB jfi jUjMt
Ours are not one-time-
order stores, they're the deal-
right-along kind.
A party of Stanford pro-
fessors going to Yosemite
i bought a lot of supplies, re-
marking, We think we
could buy these things
| cheaper elsewhere but want
to be sure of the quality. "
That illustrates the' value
of a good name. .
Supplied more camps this
year than ever.
Evidently others wanted
same kind of security.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Claret.... ....gal 45c
regularly 75c and worth it .
Excelsior Baking Powder 30c
regularly 45c . . . . ;,'. Mb tin $1.25
We manufacture it. You use it
right along at 45c.
Lucca Olive 0i1 .... quart 50c
; Jelly Glasses . . . ... doz 30c
Plain jelly or drinking class, un-
covered. For. jams and jellies —
home making. • Never so cheap.
Frontier Rye Whiskey. .90c
regularly $1 25. '
This sold so well a few weeks ago
that we repeat it' for the benefit of
those who found how good it was
— and to sell it.
Eaude Cologne. .-. . ... . .35c
Made in Amsterdam. Spray at
counter. Delightful, refreshing. ;
Garden Hose
The manufacturer says we sell bet-
" ter hose than stronger,
mostly four-ply.
From % L 75 to $4 50 for 25-ft lengihs
Ball nozz'e sprinkler.. ....75c
Garden ink1er5. . . ........ . .. .50c
Gelle Freres Perfumes
A full line now in stock. r ; '
Hygienic Refrigerators
\ ; The kind to take apart to cleanse
and let the sun and air purify.
July Catalogue Free.
• Mail orders entitled to these prices if
posted by Wednesday. ".
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILMPB, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public. 638 Haricot stT odd*
■ utePfcUce Hotel. Telephone 570. . UeatdanM i£u
Ittllat. 'i'wepuou* *ria»" ttyi* ""■"*"■"" *•*•