VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 65.
VERY DEAR
THE PRICE,
Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr.
Loses a Hundred Million
by Marriage.
THROWS AWAY A VAST
INHERITANCE.
But Miss Grace Wilson Makes
a Most Charming Bride
Indeed.
AGE OF COURSE CUTS NO FIGURE
IN TRUE LOVE.
The Groom Looks Pale and Worried
After the Performance of the
Simp Ceremony.
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. 3.— Despite
the determined opposition of his family
and in defiance of the threat of being dis
inherited Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr. was
married to-day to Miss Grace Wilson.
Mr. Vanderbilt Sr. warned the young
man that if he contracted the marriage he
would have to depend upon his own re
sources for a livelihood and he need expect
no share of the Vanderbilt fortune. Thus
the son by disobeying his father's wishes
threw away his prospects of inheriting a
large lump of the $100,000,000 which Mr.
Vanderbilt Sr. is estimated to be wort*.
Not a member of the Vanderbilt family
was even invited to the wedding.
It was 11:15 o'clock when Mr. Vander
derbiit Jr. reached the Wilson house at
511 Fifth avenue. He found awaiting him
his bride-elect, Mr, and Mrs. Orme Wilson,
Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Wilson, R. T.
Wilson Jr., Robert Goelet Jr. and Frank
Polk of Boston, one of his classmates.
This comprised the wedding party.
Shortly before noon the Rev. William H.
Scott, assistant to Dr. Brown, rector of St.
Thomas Church, entered ihe house.
The rear drawing-room had been dain
tily decorated with a few choice cut flowers
early in the morniDg, and at noon every
thing wa3 in readiness for the ceremony,
wnen the Rev. Mr. Pott took up a position
•t the eastern end of the room. A mo
ment later young Mr. Vanderbilt entered
the room, accompanied by his beat man,
Mr. PoLk, The few guests then grouped
themselves to the left of the minister.
The strains of music from an orchestra an
nounced the coming of the bride.
Miss Wilson, attended solely by her
father, marched down the main hall and
through the center archway leading to the
rear drawing-room. She looked a picture
of beauty in her pure-white wedding
gown, a creation of French art. She wore
a veil of extreme old English lace, reach
ing to the bottom of her gown. It was
fastened by a magnificent wreath of
diamonds, surmounted by a bunch of
orange blossoms. As soon as Miss Wilson
entered the room the groom stepped for
ward and, tatting her by the hand, they
both stepped before the officiating minis
ter. In five minutes it was all over and
Miss Wilson was the wife of the son of one
of America's greatest millionaires. There
were no ushers and many of the conven
tionalities attending such weddings were
omitted.
After the ceremony the small gathering
offered their congratulations to the young
couple. No wedding breakiast having
been prepared Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt
repaired to apartments upstairs and
donned their traveling apparel. The
bride put on a light-blue striped gown, or
namented with a lace cape. She wore a
large straw bonnet gayiy trimmed with
flowers and her face was covered with a
white veiL Mr. Vanderbilt wore a large
checked suit of light material, with a
brown Derby hat. At 12 :35 p. m. the bride
and groom, followed by a shower of rice,
left the house and entered a coupe await
ing them at the door.
The groom looked pale and worried.
The bride's face was radiant with smiles,
and as the carriage drew away from the
door she threw kisses to the little group of
wedding guests who had assembled to see
the couple off.
Where the bride and groom will spend
their honeymoon was not given out, but
they were driven to the Grand Central
station and it is understood will go to Sar
atoga. It is said that they have no plans
for the future. They may go abroad for a
year, but this has not been decided, nor
has the place they will make their perma
nent home.
Hardly had the ceremony been finished
before telegrams of congratulations began
arriving. They were principally from
friends of the Wilson family, but some of
Mr. Vanderbilt's chums remembered him.
From across the water c&biegrams of con
gratulations from the Prince of Wales, the
Duke and Duchess of Marlborough, the
Earl and Countess of Pembroke and others
or t c nobility. The groom's gift to the
hride was a large diamond heart composed
of some thirty extremely pretty diamonds
with a beautiful sapphire in the center.
The engagement was announced last
May, and June 4 was set for the marriage.
But 'on June 2 young Vanderbilt was
prostrated with an attack of rheumatism
that caused a postponement of the wed
ding.
The marriage has been regarded with
disfavor by the Vanderbilt family ever
since the engagement was announced,
partly because the lady is somewhat older
than young Vanderbilt and partly because
the Vanderbilts did not regard the Wilsons
as their social equals. Efforts were made
to prevent the match, but they were all
unsuccessful, the young man oaving fully
made up his mind. It was asserted, but
the story was denied, that the recent
severe illness of Cornelius Vanderbilt Sr.
was broueht about by disappointment
over his son's action.
It was reported tnat all sorts of violent
scenes were enacted iv the Vanderbiit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
house and that the young man was threat
ened with disinheritance and at the end,
it is reported, the young man defied his
father and said that he was going tc marry
the girl at any cost. Vanderbilt is 22 and
Misa Wilson six or seven years older.
UNDER ASSUMED NAMED.
Young Fanderbilt and Bride Begin the
Honeymoon at Saratoga.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 3.— There was
no demonstration attending the arrival
here this afternoon of Cornelius Vander
bilt Jr. aud his bride. Apartments at the
United States Hotel had been engaged for
them under another name, and the pro
prietors were not positive of their coming
until notified by the press representatives.
Dr. John L. Perry, one of the proprietors,
met the young couple at the west entrance
of the hotel near the depot, and escorted
them to a parlor sufte overlooking the
lawn which they whicn they will occupy
while here. What their plans are is not
known as yet.
Mr. Vanderbilt looked somewhat fa
tigued by the trip. On the other hand
Mrs. Vanderbilt was particularly ani
mated and chatted to her husband in a
lively manner as they walked from the
cars at the depot platform and down the
carriage-way to the hotel. The evening
was spent quietly in their parlors, from
which they can enjoy the orchestra selec
tions of the band, which is stationed but a
short distance away.
PASSENGER TRAINS COLLIDE.
Nine Persons Seriously Injured. One of
Whom Is James Hickey of
San Jose.
MARCELINE, Mo., Aug. 3.-The
Fort Madison passenger train on the Santa
Fe Railway collided with the California
and Mexico express two miles east of Bos
worth, Mo., this morning.
The injured : John McConnell of Bos
worth, Mo. ; J. W. Munec, Rogers, Kans. ;
William Smith, Oklahoma; W. J. Morgan,
Emporia, Kans. ; Leads Budway, Wells-
Fargo messenger, Chicago; Curtis Barber,
Pullman porter, Chicaco; James Hickey,
San Jose, Cal.; John McCabe, news agent,
Marceline, Mo. ; Fred Heady, engineer.
Those most seriously hurt &ru Heady
and Hickey. Their injuries may prove
fatal.
NORTH DAKOTA GYCLONE.
Destroys Much Property and Cuts Many
Curious Capers, but No Loss of
Life Results.
GRAFTON, N. Dak., Aug. 3.— A cyclone
did considerable damage to buildings one
mile south of here this morning. Peter
Peterson's residence was entirely de
stroyed. There were nine people in the
house, but only two of them were Injured,
most of them taking the precaution to go
into the celiar. An old lady was blown
out in the wreck and badly injured.
A boy 4 years old was badly cut on the
head. "The house was a total loss. An
old man attempted to hold the door from
blowing in and the next thinr be knew he
was still holering the door but it was on
the ground forty feet away. Going east
the cyclone turned a sciioolhouse and
granary around and did more or less
damage.
THRILLING SEA ADTENRUE.
Heroic Rescues by the French Line
Steamer la Bourgogne.
NEW YORK, Y. N., Aug. 3.— The French
line steamer La Bourgogne, which has just
arrived in New York, had a thrilling ex
perience last Tuesday during the voyage
across. At great risk of life and with al
most superhuman efforts the first officer,
commanding the vessel's launch, rescued
the crew of the German bark Ernst, which
the liner met waterlogged and in a sinking
condition.
The bark signaled for assistance and Cap
tain Le Boeuf ordered the launch lowered,
with Lieutenant Notay in command.
Within a moment it was overturned and
its crew was thrown struggling into the
water. They were saved with life lines,
and then Notay volunteered a second at
tempt, which was successful. The small
boa: having been pumped out it was again
launched, but on account of the high seas
it could not get near the Ernst.
The members of the crew jumped over
board and struck out for the liner's boat
and were all safely hauled on board. Two
trips were necessary to bring all the sailors
away from the bark. All ten of tb» ship
wrecked sailors were brought to this city.
SLAIN WHILE SLEEPING,
Maryland Farmer Assassinated
Under Mysterious Cir
cumstances.
His Wife's Admirer Suspected of the
Crime and Tiiere Is Talk
of Lynching.
LA PLATA, Md., Aug. 3. — Charles
County has been the scene of another mys
terious and sensational murder, and it is
possible that another lynching will fol
low.
Late Saturday night James J. Irwin, a
farmer, was found murdered in h's home at
Aliens Fresh, a little hamlet tweive miles
from this place. The bullets had been
fared at him while he was asleep, and both
ol them had entered his brain.
George Matthews, an oysterman, who
lives at Rockport, ten miles distant from
the scene ol the tragedy, has been arrested,
charged with the crime, and Jrwin's wife
is under police surveillance. It is said
that Matthews has been paying marked
attention to Mrs. Irwin, and the authori
ties have letters in their possession con
taining endearing terms, which Matthews
wrote to the woman.
Mrs. Irwin says she discovered that her
husband was dead at 11 o'clock Sunday
night. She ran to the house of her father
in-law, 100 yards distant, and gave the
alarm. She assert; that she was in bed
beside her husband, but evidence at the
Coroner's inquest conflicts with her state
ments. The entire community is in
censed, and if positive guilt could be
fastened on Matthews would un
doubtedly be lynched.
Ji'dUcorery of a Silver Mine.
RICHMOND, Kt., Aug. 3.— What is
believed to be the celebrated Swift silver
mine has been discovered on Roundstone
Creek, thirty miles south of here, in Rock
Castle County. The ore is combined with
lead and smelts at $65 a ton. Down sev
eral feet below the top ledge were found
crucibles and ott.er implements, which
leads to the belief that the mine has been
worked in past years. Old residents say
the location tallies with the direction left
in swat's chart exactly.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, AUGTJ i^T 4, J 896.
TWENTY MILLION
DOLLARS INVOLVED
Financiers Are Startled
by a Very Heavy
Collapse.
MOORE BROTHERS FAIL.
Promoters of the Diamond Match
and New York Biscuit
Companies.
STOCK EXCHANGE TO CLOSE,
Capitalists of Chicago Excited Over a
B g Deal That Culminated in
Disaster.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3.— Moore Bros.,
promotdrs of the Diamond Match Com
pany and the New York Biscuit Company,
announced to-night that they had failed.
A meeting of prominent financiers and
Chicago bankers was held at midnight at
the residence of one of them on the South
Side, and it was aereed by them to close
the Chicago Stock Exchange indefinitely
to-morrow at 10 a. m. These gentlemen
said it was the only course for them to
pursue, and that as far as they were con
cerned their stock was margined to a
figure which would protect them.
The Stock Exchange will be called to or
der at 10 a. m., when the failure of Moore
Bros, will be announced. The speculative
value of the failure will be about $20,000 -
000.
It ia thought by some that the adjourn
ment of the Stock Exchange will last but
a few days and that matters within that
time can be straightened out in away that
will make the losses as easy as possible to
bear. Diamond Match opened at 222 in
the Chicago Stock Exchange to-day.
There were heavy sales all day, and the
loads that were sold were enormous.
Notwithstanding this the stock did not
break, going only to 221. There were
slight rumors of the difficulties which sur
rounded the Moores, but no one suspected
the crash. New York Biscuit sold early at
92VS. going to 90 shortly after noon. There
was a rally, however, and Biscuit closed at
92.
Those present at the meeting of the di
rectors of the StocK Exchange to-night felt
that should the exchange open as usual
to-morrow morning the bears would make
a slaughtering of values which would cost
a good deal, and in a large measure un
necessary loss.
They believed that the closing of the ex
change and the prevention of the making
of speculative quotations of the securities
would enable brokers having open trades
to close them, and the situation could be
liquidated in a large measure without the
sharp decline that would surely follow the
trading in the open market. So far as the
banks are concerned, they are indiffersnt
generally as to whether the exchange
should be closed or not. The stocks held
by them are margined to a point which
leaves them secure m any event.
There were present at the meeting the
members of the Stock Exchange govern
ing committee and a number of promi
nent capitalists. This meeting was as
sembled informally after the announce
ment which was made late in the after
noon by James H. Moore that margin calls
no longer could be met. The announce
ment was made to a few of the men most
Jkree Men in a Boat — not Counting tke Dog.
heavily interested, and it was thought
1 best to call a meeting to discuss the situa
tion.
Those who assembled discussed the best
means for restoring confidence after the
shock which would be given to speculative
circles by the announcement of the fail
! ure. It was the general opinion that it
would be the wisest possible move to close
the exchange fir a period.
The points were made that nearty the
entire basiues* T>t the Stock* Exchange
for a number cf v/e-eks ha^J been in
Diamond Match and New York Biscuit;
that the closing of the exchange
would interfere only in the slightest
degree with general financial affairs and
that the present was a particularly oppor
tune time, owing to the fact that the set
tlements in the July account had just
been completed and taere had been as yet
comparatively little trading in the August
accounts.
The governing committee of the Stock
Exchange discussed the matter at length
and passed a resolution te adjourn the
exchange at 10 o'clock in the morning
indefinitely.
The deal, of which the failure of Moore
Bros, is the culmination, is by all odds the
most important in the history of the Chi
cago Stock Exchange. It be^an early this
year. The stock of the Diamond Match
Company had been selling about 130 for
quite a time. There had been no special
activity iv the market. Just prior to the
Venezuelan incident the tip went out in
outside circles that there was to be some
important European developments in con
nection witb Diamond Match affairs, and
the buying of stock by strong people com
menced.
The Venezuelan panic interfered with
the speculation and the stock dropped
during the general decline at that time to
115. From then the rise started which is
the most remarkable in the history of the
exchange. A strong group of speculators,
headed by J. H. Moore and William H.
Moore, began buying the stock. It moved
up with scarcely a halt.
In time the announcement was made
that the Diamond Match Company had
closed a contract with the French Govern
ment, under which its patents and the
machines controlled by the match com
pany were to be sold to the French Gov
ernment for a royalty of $100,000 a year.
Following the announcement of the
closing of the French contract the stock
advanced with great lapidity. In the
early speculation the bulls named 200 as
an extreme figure, but as the prospect of
further arrangements in Europe appeared
much higher prices were predicted. Ne
gotiations were opened for the formation
of a new company in England, which
would unite with Bryant <fe May, the larg
est match producers in Great Britain, and
would give the English field the advantage
of the labor-saving American machinery.
A factory was equipped in Liverpool
which was owned by tbe Diamond Match
Company and which served as an object
lesson to European manufacturers, show
ing them the great advantage of improved
machinery over their methods of manu
facture.
Negotiations were opened in Austria for
the formation of a company which should
combine all the manufacturers there.
Other companies were to bo organized in
Belgium and Italy. Calculations showing
enormous profits to accrue made prices
that had at first looked extravagant seem
cheap. The shrewdest men in Chicago be
lieved in the property and the stock sold
up as high as 248.
From that point there was a rapid de
cline, carrying it down to 200. The
Moores went through the break without
the slightest difficulty, and it was believed
generally that they had been glad to see
the decline that more stock might be ac
cumulated. A great part of the capital
with which the deal had been carried on
had been raised in New York and New
England. Local banking institutions are
only moderately interested in the affair.
Difficulty was experienced, it is said,
owing to the general loss ot confidence in
renewing some oi these Eastern loans.
Treasury ■ Gold 'Reserve.
-;; WASHINGTON, D. - : C, .Aug. ; 3.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness 1 to-day " stood V -at>; 5110,085,890. ~ The
day's withdrawals were $185,100. v ':>. " ;
CUBAN PATRIOTS
SHOT TO DEATH.
Every- Day Occurrences in
the Fortresses of the
Island.
A FIERCE ENGAGEMENT.
Spanish Forces Defeated and
Compelled to Retire With
Heavy Loss.
YELLOW FEVER AND SMALLPOX
Increasing Everywhere and Epidemic
in Certain Localities— Tbe Death
Rate Is High.
HAVANA, Cuba, Aug. 3.— Antonio
Pena Lopez and Narcissuegez Lopez, re
spectively a lieutenant and a private in
the insurgent army, were shot to-day at
the Cabanas Fortress for the crime of re
bellion against the Spanish Government,
and Nunez Bravo, the rebel prefect of
Santiago de Cuba, was executed yesterday
at Santo Domingo for the same crime.
A fierce engagement between rebels and
Government troops is reported to have
taken place in the vicinity of Melones,
near Manzanillo. The Spanish force con
sisted of oniy 100 soldiers, while the insur
gents numbered 1000. The Government
troops were defeated and compelled to re
treat. Two Spanish lieutenants were
killed and the commander of the troops
and a large number of his force were
wounded. The rebel losses were heavy.
Yellow fever and smallpox are increas
ing throughout the island and in certain
localities have oecome epidemic. The
authorities are adopting measures to pre
vent the spread of the diseases to dimin
ish the high death rate.
DEFLANT YASKEE SKIPPER.
Refused to Give Up Hi* Men to the Span
" • ish Officials.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 3.— The ; frnit
steamei Brixham, Captain Durie, = has ar
rived • from Gibara, Cuba, with a cargo of
bananas. The order of General "I Wey
that fruit steamers shall not load at inte
rior ports has caused - a blockade of eight
or ten : steamers at Gibara. They must
wait while the bananas are lightered long
distances to the steamers, k General Wey
le'r'a order was issued to prevent filibuster
ing. -■ - ■ -V- ■ ; : ■.:.'■ :
: In consequence of this, Chief Engineer
Carlstoa of . the steamer i Brixham } had a
narrow escape : from f a Spanish dungeon.
A week ago ; two officers of the steamer
lowered a : small boat / from the ; vessel,
which was ■ lying at anchor a mile off Gi
bara, and. went out for a sail off the port.
"While skirting the shore a group of * Span
ish officers \on land signaled for the two
officers to come ashore. The two men did
not know what to make of the request,
and j held their J course, disobeying the
summons.' " t O ,
v .'As the men ] bore away ; from " the shore I
the Spaniards put off }in U* sloop ', ana ' be
gan chasing 5 the '■■ small ; boat ■ from £ the
Brixham. The sloop ' : gradually > • gained
on the small boat in charge of 'Engineer
Carlston, who pressed on all the canvas
the T : craft would well carry.* When the
officers reached the steamer the Spanish
stoop was only a few feet behind, and the
small ;; boat had ; some :of its -\ rigging
smashed in the hurry to get to the - Brix
ham's gangway .'?■ When the two engineers
leaped on board the Brixham the Spanish i
were almost near enough 1 to reach them.
■ The ; Spaniards, . armed with ' Runs,'- fol-
I lowed the two : men ■. aboard the steamer
and demanded that they be surrendered
by Capiain Dune. The captain, with the
American flag flying over his vessel, re
fused the request. Then the Spaniards
suggested that tbe men go ashore and have
the matter settled before the American
Consul, but they refused, fearing the con
sequences if they got on Spanish soil. Tbe
Spaniards then left the vessel and no fur
ther tronble followed.
The vessel was afterward watched by
small Spanish boats and the officers never
went ashore again. Captain Durie stoutly
maintained his right under the American
flag and in that way escaped trouble.
CAPTURE OF AMAZONS.
Cuba* Louise Xichel and -Vine of Her
Companions Taken.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 3.— The Her
ald's Havana special says: The Spanish
j press in Havana urges the Duke of Tetuan,
I Minister of Foreign Affairs, to demand the
extradition of Cuban revolutionist Carlos
Roloff, now in the United States. The
Madrid Government' 3 voluntary surren
der of Tweed is recalled, and it is
! claimed that it is now time for Secretary
Olney to reciprocate.
The Diario de la Marina's correspond
ent, writing from Pinar del Rio, reports
: Adela Azucacy, the Cuban Louise Michel
| and tbe leader of Maceo's Amazons, and
nine of her companions as captured by the
I Spanish forces near Pena Blanca. The
capture is regarded as highly important,
1 the women having been the means of per-
I suading hundreds of youths in the prov
ince to join the insurgent ranks. The
I women will be brought to Pinar del Rio
for court-martial.
A Matanzas dispatch reports that the
insurgents have burned the buildings in
various sugar estates around Bolondron,
leaving more than 100 families homeless.
La Union Constitucional's correspond
ent in Santa Clara reports the capture and
imprisonment of the lather and sister of
the insurgent leader, Juan Pablo Sarduy.
They will be court-martialed.
BEATEN BY THEIR FOES,
Enemies of the Single-Taxers
Pack an Indignation Mass*
Meeting.
An Effort to Denounce the Imprison
ment of Public Speakers Is
Defeated.
WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 3.— An in
dignation mass-meeting of the citizens of
Dover, for the purpose of petitioning the
town authorities for the release of the
Single-taxers now in the Kent County
jail, charged with violation of the town
ordinance prohibiting the obstruction of
the public highway, was billed for to-night
at the opera-house.
Long before the hour set for the meet
ing the theater was crowded, and when
the meeting was called to order nearly
1500 people had forced their way in to take
part m the proceedings. After the meet
ing was called to order a committee of the
citizens, under whose auspices the meet
ing was called, tried to get a resolution
passed calling on the authorities to release
the Single-taxers, but their efforts were in
vain. The enemies of the Single-taxers
had secretly packed the meeting, and, in
stead of a petition for the Sinsle-taxers'
release, the meeting declared in favor of
their imprisonment.
None of the Singie-taxers took part in
the meeting. The resolution was a great
surprise to them. The Single-taxers nave
decided to hold another big street meeting
to-morrow nieht, when it is expected that
half a dozen speakers will be arrested.
They will go to jail and join the others.
The Terrible Lfrouth in Texas.
DALLAS, Tex.. Aug. 3.— The awful heat
of last week has caused great suffering.
In this city the thermometer reached
10714- There has been no rain for several
weeks, and of courae everything in the
fields is rapidly dying Cotton, which
had little start to grow by the rains of a
few weeks ago, has again been set back
and there is no prospect of a crop now.
Dispatches from Indian Territory re
port the thermometer registering 112 at
Guthria.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PREPARING
THE LETTER.
Major McKinley 's Words
of Acceptance Being
Arranged.
EX-SENATOR BRUCE HAS
GOOD NEWS.
Why the Republican Nominee
Will Carry Many of the
Southern States.
PROGRESSIVE ELEMENTS TO AD
VANCE PROSPERITY.
They Want a Protective Tariff and
Sound Money Instead of Depre
ciated Silver.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 3.— Major Mc-
Kinley has had a few days of quiet and he
is turning over in his mind the points
which he thinks of discussing in his letter
of acceptance. He will not, however, aim
to have a letter ready for publication for
three or four weeks.
Ex-Senator B. K. Bruce of Mississippi
was one of the callers on Major McKiuiey
to-day. He is familiar with the political
situation throughout the South and thinks
Major McKinley will carry Virginia, West
Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina and
Kentucky. Said he:
<; It will be found that the Democratic
politicians in the Southern States have
until recently been able to keep the South
solid. Hereafter the progressive elements
of the South will take such action as will
advance the material prosperity of that
section. They want a protective tariff that
will build up that section; they will invite
the manufacturers and show that it wili do
for the Stales what it has done for the
great North, East and West. They look
upon Major McKinley as the apostle of
protection. They also want sound money
instead of depreciated silver dollars, and
they regard Major McKinley as the em
bodiment of that idea. The colored voters
of the country, both North and South, are
enthusiastically supporting Major Mc-
Kinley."
Much interest in the opening of the Ohio
campaign, which has been announced for
August 15, has been manifested here.
Many active McKinley men in both par
ties tell of going to Columbus, and it is
likely that a large delegation from the
country will attend. Ex-Governor Fora
ker and Senator Sherman will be the chief
speakers, and some orators of prominence
from the West wilt also be heard. »
A local paper says: It is expected that
Bryan will pass through Canton next
Monday, and Chairman Jones of the Bryan
National Committee is said to have asked
that an effort be made to have a big Bryan
demonstration at the Canton station ior
political effect.
DOING TERY GOOD WORK.
Convincing Literature la Scattered by
liefntblican Manager*.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3.— There were
not many visitors of National prominence
at the Republican National headquarters,
and the absence of Committeemen Dur
bin, Payne and Leland served to make the
Mecca of Western Republicans a quiet
place.
L. F. Hubbard, former Governor of Min
nesota, called on his way home to tell the
chiefs that the free-silver sentiment was
on the wane in his State and that Mr.
Towne, the bolting Republican Congress
man for the Sixth District, would be de
feated.
E. V. Smalley of the literary bureau,
who returned to-day from a brief visit to
bis Minnesota home, reported that United
States Senator Nelson, who has already
taken the stump, is sanguine o* Republi
can success in Minnesota, but other Re
publicans of equal standing are doubtful
of the result. The greater portion of the
State is peopled by Scandinavians, wbo
changed from the Republican to the Popu
list party, and had it bad, as Mr. Smalley
expressed it, but are now returning to
vote for McKinley.
John L. Wilson, United States Senator
from Washington, was a caller at head
quarters. He 3aid there was a large free
silver sentiment in his State, but Wash
ington held a unique position in having a
large bimetallic element which had no re
lation to the free-silver vote. This ele
ment wanted to be edncated.
The literary bureau is preparing a
serie3 of pamphlets and leaflets, eight or
ten of which will be out this week. They
will relate to the issue as it affects sugar,
wool and skilled mechanics. Thirty-two
pieces of campaign literature bearing on
the currency question have been prepared
by the bureau, and when the last of them
is sent out to be read the bureau will rest
in its fight against free silver. Over 100
books bearing on the money question that
have been published /or sale generally
have been offered to the committee for
distribution, and when Mr. Hanna comes
to Chicago thvy will be submitted to the
committee to see if tnat body wants to buy
any of them. Telegrams received to-dar
at headquarters state that Chairman
Hanna will be here this week, Thursday
or Friday.
Ittlrgates to Indianapolis.
NEW HAVEN, Cos*., Aug. &— Th«
sound-money element of the Connecticut
Democracy met here this afternoon. Ex-
Congressman Lewis Sperry of Hartford
presidei. The meeting voted to send
three representatives to the National Con
vention of sound-money Democrat?,'which
will be held in Indianapolis next Fridry,
and these delegates were unanimously
chosen: Joel A. Sperry, New Haven;
Judge Charles G. Root, Wate'bury, ami
Hon. David A. Weils. Norwicii.2
BOSS ALTGELD'S
VERY BOLD RULE,
Sound Money Leaders Read
Out of the Party in
Illinois.
BEN T. CABLE DROPPED.
With Other Bolting Democrats
He Is Displaced on the
State Commmittee.
HINRICHSEN'3 HANDY HELP.
Silver Bourbons Who Appear Too
Certa : n That Bryan Will Be
Ekcted,
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3.— Ex-National
Commit eeman Ben T. Cable, one of the
leaders of the bolting party in II inois.
was read oat of the Democratic party to
day at the meeting of the State Central
Committee, the committee under the
leadership of Chairman Hinrichsen.
It immediately began the work of draw
ing the line which martcs the split in Illi
nois between the silver or regular Demo
crats and the sound-money men or bolt
ers. As a result the places of the following
members of tee committee were Riled by
new men: John P. Hopfcins, Ben T. Cable,
W. S. Foreman and R. E. Spangler, at
large, and A. A. Goodrich, First District.
Of these gentlemen Hopkins and Fore
man had already resigned, and Spangler
handed his resignation to Chairman Hin
richsen before the meeting wbb called to
order.
Ex-Judge Goodrich, who had been de
posed at tbe Peoria convention, was al
ready disposed of, so that the committee
had practically only the caoe of Ben Cable
to handle. As be is regarded as the arch
conspirator against Governor Altgeld and
the present Democratic Organization, *c
was accorded no mercy and no sympathy. ]
Ti:e new members appointed to-day ;
were: A. W. Bastian, vice Cable; E. W. :
Harill, vice Foreman; Alex Jones, vice
Goodrich: Carter H. Harrison and A. S.
Trude, vice Hopkins and Spangler.
The committee listened to reports from
the various districts. And these reports,
according to Mr. Hinrichsen, indicate a
majority outside of Cook County for Wil
liam Bryan of more than 40,000. The
meeting was addressed by Marion C.
Crawford and Major Pace, candidates for
Lieutenant-Governor and Treasurer.
Governor Aitgeld appeared before the
committee at tbe morning session, but
stayed only long enough to inform the
campaign managers in positive terms that
the regular Democrats had only to keep
their grip on the State to make sure of
Bryan getting its electoral Vote. He was
confident that Illinois Was in the bands of
Democrpcy on the free-silver issue.
Chairman Hinrichsen was equally confi
dent and enthusiastic over the outlooK,
saying: "No matter what combination is
made Bryan will get more than half the
votes cast in Illinois in November. It is
truly surprising to note the tide which is
Betting in for free silver in this State. I
admit we will lose a few Democratic votes,
but in a third Of tbe counties the defection
will not be noticeable. Governor Altgeld's
popularity is greatest among the class that
is demanding free stiver and Bryan is
strong in Central and Southern Illinois.
Two of the bankers in my own County of
Morgan are Republicans, but for free sil
ver. The richest man in Sangamon
County, Ben Calciwell, president of the
Farmers' Bank at Springfield, is an enthu
siastic silver man and the Democratic
nominee for Congress."
At the afternoon session of the commit
tee tbe campaign assessments for the State
nominees to pay were fixed and the com
mittee adjourned sine die, leaving to the
executive committee the details of cam
paign preparatory work.
SOVSV-MONEY DEMOCRATS.
JEncour aging Report* ..Received by the
JUrn in Control.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3. —Four National
Committeemen were added to the list to
day of sound-money Democrats wno will
attend the Indianapolis meeting. W. B.
Haldeman of the National Executive Com
mittee sent word for Georgia that T. B.
Nea\ president of th ■• Atlanta Chamber of
Commerce, would represent that State.
Lynde Harrison, a delegate to the late
convention, telegraphed that David A.
Wells of Norwich, tne original free-trader,
Charles K. Root of Waterbury and Joel
Sperry of New Haven would represent
Connecticut at Indianapolis.
Ohio's Nationa Go mmitteemnn in ex-
Congressman J. H. Outhwaite. Texas will
be represented by General Clark, M. L.
Crawford and J. H. Smith.
The committee received a letter from
William T. Jenney, chairman of the
Young Men's Democratic Club of Boston,
stating that tbe club, which bad already a
membership of 1200, had repudiated the
Chicago platform and candidates aud was
engaged in active campaign work.
B. M. Falknerof Montgomery, Ala., who
will represent that State at Indianapolis,
wrote to say that a sound-money club
Would be organized in Birmingham this
week, with probably 1000 signers to the
call, including practically all the business
men of the city. He added: "I believe
that with proper management Alabama
can be carried for sound money. I have
called a conference here of the sound
money men from different parts of Ala
bama for Tuesday next, the day following
our State election."
E. L. May of Montgomery, Ala., wrote:
"The condition of the sound-money senti
ment here is most encouraging, and you
may rely upon it that Alabama will be
heard from in no uncertain tones after our
Btate election is over. Our Eastern friends
are making a grave mistake in supposing
that the Southern people desire the en
thronement of the hydra-headed monster
of free silver. The progressive, solid busi
ness portion of our population are bitterly
opposed to it. Men in this community
who have hitherto looked upon desertion
of tbe Democratic party as a crime would
not hesitate to withdraw their allegiance
rather than become supporters of this
herety."
G. H. Baskette, publisher of the Nash
ville Banner, wrote: "The sound-money
Democrats of Nashville will organize Au
gust 4 and send a representative to the
Indianapolis conference. In Knoxrille,
Chattanooga aud other portions of 'i'en
nessee there will be similar Organizations,
and the State will have full representation
at tbe National Convention iv Septem
ber." /
John C. Bullitt, the Pennsylvania sound
money organizer au<l National Commit
teeman, wrote that a meeting of repre
sentative men from each county in the
State would be called for the purpose of
perfecting the organization.
Alexander Hamilton of Petersburg, Va.,
wrote: "I have no reasonably accurate
mode of estimating the number of Demo
crats in Virginia wno will not vote for
Bryan and the Chicago platfocm, but I am
inclined to think there are 25,000. if no
sound-money Democrat is named for
President a great number of these people
may be whipped into the party traces and
vote for Bryan, rather than not vote at
all."
F. P. Glass, secretary of the Montgom
ery Advertiser, informed the committee
that, a club of over 200 members had been
formed in that city and another strong
club had been organized in Troy. He
added that tbe regular party pressure is
becoming stronger eacn day upon the rank
and file to stand up for the Bryan ticket,
and something in the shape of Democracy
which sound-money men could hold to
Consistently ought to be offered as soon as
possible.
The sound- money organization in Ken
tucky has issued to the Democrats of that
State a vigorous address, urging imme
diate thought and action, as tho condition
which confronts them is as sArious as any
In the history of the country. It lays the
panic and busines3 depression to the
World's distrust of our National financial
integrity.
Jtiner-'rtf of Bryan.
LINCOLN, Nebr , Aug. B— The much
studied itinerary of Mr. Bryan has at last
been settled definitely. Ho will leave
Lincoln Friday, August 7, at 2:05 p. M.
by the Rock Island route and is due to
reach Dcs Monies at 9:30 o clock that
night. The nominee will make a speech
at Dcs Moines and leave there at 6 o'clock
Saturday morning for Chicago, where the
train is due at 7p. m. It was through the
importunities of people in Dcs Moines that
Mr. Bryan decided to vi>it that city and
the c ange of route waa made accordingly.
The itinerary of the journey from Chicago
to New York will stand a* previously an
nounced in these dispatches, the trip
being made by the Pennsylvania roftil,
with a stoi over at Piitsburg Monday
night.
Colorado Silver Men.
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 3.— The State
Committee of the Nati nal Silver party
held a meeting to-day for the purpose of
discussing the matter of a State ticket.
After several hours of quiet deliberation it
was decided to appoint a committee of
four to confer with similar committees
from the Democratic and Populist parties
with a view to fusion upon the State
ticket and a union upon Bryan and Sewall
electors. But a small minority of Colo*
rado Populists favor the indorsement of
W.itson.
The Republicans are still at sea, though
the effort still continues to secur-signa
tures of State coramittcemen to the call
for another meeting of the committee on
August 12 to repudiate the action of last
Week in indorsing McKinley and the Re
publican National platform.
I'nXmer Sot a Candidate.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Aug. 3.— Senator
Palmer in an interview to-day in regard to
the coming cinierpnce of sound-money
Democrats in Indianapolis said it would
be composed of Democrats— not Populists.
"We are not bolters," said he, ''we are
Democrats; not new Democrats, but old
Democrats."
When asked if his name would be con
sidered for the office of President he said
he was not a candidate for any office; he
was one of the rank and file and wanted
|no other place. His preferences T?ere
Representative Turner of Georgia, General
Gordon or Bynum of Indiana.
f'uiion in Mtnntmo*n.
MINNEAPOLIS. Mink., Aug. 3.-—The
Minnesota State Democratic Convention,
which will be held in this city to-morrow,
promises to be one of the most unanimous
gatherings, politically speaking, ever held
in this State. For Governor .lohn Llnd of
New Ulm, a free-silver Republican, has
the undivided support of the convention.
Every delegation has Lind instructions.
In addition to nominating Lind tne Dem
ocrats will nominate two other Btate offi
cers, probably Secretary of State atd
Treasurer, leaving Lleutenant-Governor
and Attorney-General for the Populists,
who meet in State convention August 24.
With fusion of this sort it is admitted by
even the Clough people that the chances
of victory for the union forces are bright.
SEIZED B Y AN1 OCTOPUS,
Perilous Plight of a Serpentine
Dancer at Manhattan
Loie Fuller's Sister, While Bathing,
Gsts Into the Clutches of a
Slimy Monster.
NEW YORK, N. V., August 3.— Miss Ida
Fuller, the serpentine dancer, a sister to
La Loie Fuller, had a thrilling experience
with what she believes to have been an
octopus at Manhattan Beach.
Mbs Fuller was bathing in front of the
pavilion in company with her brother
Frank, and being an expert swimmer had
gone just beyond the life Hneß, which ex
tended about 200 feet from the shore.
Her brother was some distance away.
Suddenly the girl felt something Coil itself
around her left leg. She thought it wa» a
weed and turned over on her back and
kicked violently. Instead of releasing
her from the entanglement, the stringy
substance seemed to tighten until the
pressure was painful. Still suspecting
nothing more awful than seaweed, Misi
Fuller turned over again and ducked
down, intending to disengage herself with
her hands. She says she then saw a head
from Which hands of stringiike tentacles
swuna and swayed in the water. As she
stooped one of these coiled around her
right thigh.
Cryine "Help!" at the top of her voice,
Miss Fuller struggled to free herself, but
the dutches of the thing, whatever it was,
seemed only too surely to be dragging her
beneath the surface.
After uttering a terrific scream Miss
Fuller fainted in the water, the depth of
which was fully fourteen feet. The only
swimmer near her waa a Mr. Parker.
Hearing a woman scream, he turned and
saw the dancer disappear beneath the
water. With a few vigorous strokes he
reached the place where she sank, and
seizing her held her above the water until
a life-savei came up and hauled the man
and the woman out of the water.
Mr. Parker said bfe felt the long, slimy
arms of the creature, and to prove it ex
hibited marks upon his limbs. The still
unconscious woman was carried to tbe
Manhattan Beaoh Hotel. There she grad
ually revived. Dr. Camphfll, who at
tended her, ?aid ther* were red marks like
the welts of « whip on her legs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
GORMAN TO HAVE
THE MANAGEMENT
At Least Jones Is Anxious
to Induce the Maryland
Man to So Act.
SCHEMES OF DEMOCRATS
If Sewall Is Forced Out the
Maine "Barrel" Will Be
Sad y Missed.
MINE-OWNERS APPEALED TO.
They Are Asked to Put Up Funds to
Elect Silv?r Congressmei as
Well as a President,
WASHINGTON, D. C. Aug. 3.—Sen
ators Jones and Gorman had a long con
ference this morning regarding the work
that will come before the Democratic Na
tional Committee at its meeting in New
York on August 11. A number of topics
were discussati.
It is regarded as absolutely certain that
the management 6f the campaign will be
intrusted to the hands of Mr. Gorman.
Mr. Jones is anxious to be permitted to
name bis Maryland colleague as the chair
man of the executive committee, Mr.
Gorman is willing to serve as manager,
but he is very unwilling to accept the
chairmanship. Mr. Jones believes, how
ever, that bffore the National Committee
meets, Mr. Gorman will give his consent
to be a member of the committee, but not
its chairman. Mr. TurpSe of Indiana is
looked upon as another member of tne
executive committee.
"Gil" Shanklin, who succeeded Secre
tary Si Sheerin as Indiana's member of
the National Committee, has been here
awaiting the arrival of Mr. Jones to press
his own claims to appointment on the
executive committee. There is little rea
son to believe, however, that Mr. Shanklin
will b3 seriously thought Of if Mr. Turpie
is strong enough to accept the appoint
ment. Senator Harris of Tennessee is
spoken of as anotner member.
There has been much gossip printed in
the papers recently about an alleged de
termination of Messrs. Jones and Gorman
to bring out a resolution at the n«xt mret
ing of the committee which will declare
vacant the seats of all members of the
committee who are gold rcen or who have
declared tliernselves unwilling to support
the nominees of the Chicago convention.
It Is stated te-riay on excellent authority
that no such action is contemplated. When
the National Committee met for the first
time at Chicago none of the dissenting
National Committeemon attended the
meeting except Mr. Harrity. They are
not expected to be present at the forth
coming meeting. At the same time there
is no authority vnsted in the committee to
oust these members. Such action rests
entirely with tbe different State commit
tees.
As a matter of fact the National Com
mittee is a purely formal body which
takes little or no part in the active man
agement of the campaign and it is stated
here that no notice will be taken ot the
absence or the presence of the gold men.
Mr. Gorman Is a strong advocate of
Washington as the National headquarters
and his advice Will probably be followed
by the National Committee. As to the
troubles between th« Populists and the
Democrats in the South it has been de
cided that no concessions will be made to
Populists even at the risk of their fusing
with the Republicans as they have done
in Alabama and threaten to do in Georgia.
In the West fusion will be advised every
where.
Senator Faulkner, chairman of tbe Con
gressional Committee will urge on the
National Committee, the necessity for
prompt financial aid and Jones and Gor
man will support his plea that some of the
National Presidential campaign's finances
be diverted to Congressional campaign
work. Mr. Faulkner complains that his
committee is shockingly poor and that it
is unable to help out candidates who need
funds.
Mr. Faulkner will argue that it is as essen
tial to elect a free silver House as it is to
win the White House for Bryan, for with
out a silver Congress the sliver President
can do nothing. This argument is to be
made to the owners of the silver mines
who are expected to prty the bulk of the
Democratic campaign expenses.
CittididattM and I'latfortn Dtnbttnftd.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Aug. 3.— A
meeting of sound money Democrats of
Rhode Island was beld in this city to-day
and resulted in issuing a circular to the
Democrats of the State denouncing the
Chicago platform arid candidates declar
ing that the action of tbe State Central
Committee in ratifying the notion of tbe
Chicago convention was ill advised and in
direct opposition to the last expressed
opinions of the Democrats of the State. A
committee was also appointed to select
delegates to the Indianapolis conference.
Those present at the meeting favored the
indorsement of McKinley on a platform
declaring in favor of tariff for revenue
only.
With a Big I'nradt.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Aug. 3.— The free
silver Democrats opened the campaign
here this afternoon by a big parade and
speechmaking. The parade was beaded
by a line of cavalry from the country with
crowns of thorns and crosses of gold,
while intervening between every twenty
or thirty horsemen were carried painted
signs with the words, "We shall rout the
goldbugs and Wall street." The cavalry
men wore white shirts with "16 to 1"
painted in large black letters. Addresses
were made by Hon. J. D. Carroll, Judge
Joseph H, Lewis and ex-Attorney-General
William Hendrick.
Brecttinrldffe let in PoUUea.
FRANFORT, Ky., Aug. B.— The thir
teen old franklin County committee
men, all "sound money" men, who were
deposed by the reorganization effected by
the silver Democrats, held a meeting bere
to-day and passed resolutions refusing to
recognize tbe new committee. Their ac
tion is believed to have been under the
direct suggestion from W. C. P. Breckin
ridge, as each member is a strong lriend of
his. This is taken to mean that Breckin
ridge's friends will declare him the Con
gressional nominee and that he wiii make
tbe race.
A Maryland Election.
BRUNSWICK, Md., Aog. 3.— The mn
nioipal election here to-day resulted in
tbe election of a Democratic Mayor and
two out of three Democratic Cuiincilmen.
Heretofore Brunswick has been consid
ered a Republican stronghold. The money
question was the only is»ue of the cam
paign of the two parties.
bisbop xewmam challbsgrh.
Populitt naihbvrn Telia th* /»«»*»• <°
Keep Out of Politica.
BOSTON, Mass., Aus- 3.-Geor ? e F.
Washburn of this city, Eastern member of
the National Executive Committee of the
People's party, to-day issued the following
challenge to Bishop John P. Newman:
Btihop John P. Newman, San Francisco, Cal—
Dear Sir: The pre>s reports of the last week
credit you with the statement that the Popu
lists are no better than anarchists and are not
good American citizens, and that you -vould
urge the 1000 ministers in your home confer
ence to use their influence in the pulpit and
out of it against the triumph of Bryan and
Sewall and the election of a Silver Congress.
Now, sir, 1 belong to the party you insult, and
brand your alleged statement as false and un
fair, and challenge you to name a single Popu
list in this country who is also known as an
anarchist.
I am called "a leading member" of the
churoh you represent. If 1 am not a "* ood
American citizen" may I a;-k aro my influence
and money still wanted in your church? If
you are no more correct in your ipirituat ut
terances than you are in your political can
we have any confidence in either?
I agree with the prominent Catholic who
said he was willing to take his religion from
the head of his church, but liot his politics.
Now, Bishop, for the t-ake of the church we
lov« and the welfare of the country, I advise
you to let politics alone until you have studied
tnis monetary question. You refer to the atti
tude of our church during the anti-slavery
agitation to justify you in directing your
ministers to preach politics during the cam
paign in*tead of religion. Has it occurred to
you that the result of tttis proposed line of
action may split our church now just as it did
at that time?
Lot me inform you that 00 per cent of the
Populist party are native-born American citi
zens, comprising mostly the sturdy farming
element, which for years the statesmen of
botn the old parties proudly alluded to as the
"bone, sinew and stability of the country."
These men are intelligent, patriotic and true
and are called anarchists became they have be
gun to think. The result of their thinking
will be a surprise party next November.
Again there were more delegates in our del
egations who owned their homes and paid
taxes than that of any*other political party.
May I add, Bishop, that you will find your
own people are not with you politically. Every
Btate in your section will be carried for Bryan,
notwithstanding your residence there.
Lastly, the leading anarchist, Herr Most, Is
for the single gold standard and the Republi
can party, and I defy you to name one in our
ranks as art offset to this. Yours for justice.
George F. Washburn,
Eastern Member National Committee Peo
ple's Party.
lletnncritts of Kansas.
HUTCHINSON, Kans., Aug. 3.— The
Democrats of Kansas are arrivitier for their
State Convention, and Bryan, silver and
fusion reign. The convention will be
called toorder to-morrow, and will do little
but appoint a committee on conference to
meet a similar committee from the Popu
list State Convention, which meets
Wednesday at Abilene. The committees
will get together and agree if possible —
first, upon an electoral ticket; second, as
to representation upon a fusion ticket.
There will be no trouble over the electoral
ticket. The Democrats will name a Bryan
and Sewall ticket and desire Populist in
dorsement of the same. The Populists on
the other band are divided on this ques
tion,
Gold l.vmomiii of Florida.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla* Aug. 3. — A
meeting of sold men of J^lorida was held
in this city to-night, at which about fifty
advocates of a single gold standard were
present. Only seven of the lorty*five
counties of the State were represented in
person, but eight others were represented
by proxies ana bank officials. Dr. John
L. Gaskin of Bradford, ex-Speaker of the
House of Representatives of Florida, was
elected delegate to the Indianapolis meet
ing, and D. G. Ambler of Jacksonville, a
National hantc president, was elected al
ternate. Resolutions indorsing and agree
ing to support the Democratic State ticket
were adopted. The majority of candi
dates oa this ticket are for free silver.
To Precipitate a Fight.
CONCORD, N. H., Aug. 3.— The leaders
of the gold-standard Democrats have be
gun a campaign for the purpose of secur
ing the election of such delegates to the
State Convention in this city September 2
as favor a declaration on State issues And
the ignoring of all allusions to the nomi
nees and platform of the Chicago conven
tion. This scheme will precipitate a sharp
fight.
Free Silvrr Campaign.
FREDERICKSBTTRG, Va., Aug. 3.—
The free silver campaign was opened In
Virginia to-day at the Spottsyivania
Courthouse by Hon. William A. Jones,
Democratic nominee for Congress in the
First Congressional District and late dele
gate to Chicago. A thousand persons lis
tened to Mr. Jones.
ttity Xomlnated forCongt»»».
MANKATO, Minn., Aug. 3.— Frank A.
Day, at present the Republican Lieu
tenant-Governor of the State, was to-day
nominated for Congress unanimously by
the Democrats of the Second District.
Day has leit the Republican party to join
the silver forces,
L*ntx for Congreaa.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 3.— The Demo
cratic Congressional District Convention
held at Lancaster to-day nominated Hon.
J. Lentz of this city for Congress. The
National Democratic platform was in
dorsed.
K*nl**cky Hourbona' Appeal.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 3.— The gold
etandard Democratic Executive Commit
tee has issued an address to the Demo
crats of the State calling upon them not to
support the platform and nominees of the
Chicago convention.
AFTER MURDEROUS TRAMPS.
Bloodhounds on the Trail of Men Who
Shot Down Father and Son in
Indiana.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Aug. 3.— The
populace of the northern part of this
county is under arms, and with blood
bounds is on the tniil of a tramp who this
morning shot and fatally wounded How
ard Hall, aged 16, and inflicted a serious
gunshot wound on his father, Thomas
Hall. During the forenoon the Hall resi
dence, near Huntertown, was robbed by
two tramps. Hall and his son started in
pursuit of the robbers in a buggy. When
they overtook them a right ensued in
which young Hall and his father were
shot. One of the tramps has been cap
tured, but the other is in hiding in a
swamp which is surrounded by an angry
crowd.
Pittft I'eak M*n ; Celebrate.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. B.—
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the found
ing of this city was appropriately ob
served to-day. In tbe afternoon a pioneers'
association was formed, consisting of set
tlers who came before 1864 in the old
"Pikes Pea* or bust" days. In the even
ing % large publiG gathering was held, at
which nistoric>»l addresses ware read by
Hon. Irving Howbert, General William
J. Palmer and President William F. Blo
cum. Music was furnished by a band from
the United States Indian school located in
the western part of the State.
ALABAMA STATE
GOES DEMOCRATIC,
Everything Passes Off Very
Quietly During the
Election.
BOURBONS MAKE GAINS.
Johnston Chosen Governor and
the Legislature Also
Secured.
PCPULIST VOTES SCATTERING.
Republicans Do Not Take Much la*
tercs f , but the A. P. A Is
Not Asleep.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. Aug. 3.-Re
ports from the State are to the effect that
everything passed off quietly. In many
localities a light Vote was polled. All the
black-belt counties have given round
Democratic majorities. The Democrats
have made heavy gains in a number of
white counties which have heretofore
given Populist majorities, and also gained
a number of representatives in the Legis-
• Jnturc. It is impossible to give anything
like an estimate at present. The ticket is
a long one, containing not only State offi
cers, but legislative members and county
officers. The indications now point to a
Democratic victory in the State and both
branches of the Legislature.
MOBILE, Ala., Aug. 3.— The election
in this city and county (Mobile), so far as
heard from, passed off very quietly. The
weather was conducive to the polling of a
large vote, the day being clear and warm
with a fine Gulf breeze to temper the heat.
Present indications are, however, that the
vote in the city at least has been light.
The total registration in April last was
something over 7000. This will bo a good
majority for Johnston and thrState Demo
cratic ticket. The Republicans did not
take much interest in the election and
what votes the Populist ticket got were
scattering, for they have no organization
in this county. Late to-night it may be
possible to give figures.
Returns received up to midnight for
four wards and eight precincts in Mobile
County give Johnston 1024 majority. The
vote cf four of tbe eight wards in the city
shows that there 'is about 53 per cent of
the total registration cast ia the vote
to-day.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. 3.— Returns
received by the State Herald Up to 2
o'clock this morning indicate the election
of Captain Johnston by a majority of
40,000 to 45,000. The Legislature is safely
Democratic. In this (Jefferson) county
the A. P. A. maile a vigorous fight upon
Hon. Frank P. O'Brien, the Democratic
nominee for SherifT, but it is estimated
that he will have 300 majority. Tbe elec
tion throughout the State was orderly.
COAST MILITARY GOSSIP
Target Practice for Artillerymen
Under a New and Import
ant Method.
Commodore George Dewey Regarded
as Rear-Aimiral Beardslee's
Successor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3. -The
artillery force stationed on the Pacific
Coast is to have heavy target practice un
der the new and important method just
adopted for the army. The method is set
forth in a circular now being prepared at
army headquarters, which will be issued
to the service within a week. The circular
is drafted from the report of the board of
officers assembled some months ago at
Fort Monroe, by order of Secretary La*
mont, to devise a new system of target
practice for the artillery arm. When its
renort was received copies were sent to ail
officers commanding artillery regiments
and to several general officers for criticism.
Their indorsement was considered by Gen
eral Miles, and some of the changes sug
gested were adopted.
The general scheme of proposed practice
is very comprehensive. There is to be
the usual annual instruction and it is to
be followed by three successive competi
tions—first, the battery competition; sec
ond, regimental competition, and third,
general artillery competition. A board of
regimental officers is to be appointed for
instance, by Colonel W. M. Graham, who
commands tbe Fifth Artillery at the Pre
sidio, which shall examine in gunnery
the men recommended for examination
by the captains of batteries. Upon con
clusion of the examination competitors
will be arranged into three classes and
are to receive suitable insignias. Heavy
artillery practice is to be held at such
posts as are garrisoned by heavy artillery.
.Practice will be held with such breech
loading siege and seacoast ordnance as
may be available, otherwise with 8-inch
Converted rifles.
In the regimental competition, which is
to be held every two years, those batteries
whicn shall have representation will un
dergo an examination by a board of two
officers, designated by the department
commander. The exercise will Consist ol
service of the piece, mechanical maneu
vers and competitive firing. The battery
of the winning detachment at the compe
tition will carry at all parades and other
occasions a "prize guidon."
The general competition is to occur at
such time and place as tne commanding
general may designate, and may be par
ticipated in by the detachments represent
iiia all regiments. Prizes are to be awarded
to the victorious detachment and its regi
ment is to be awarded a trophy of value
and device to be decided upon in future. ■•
It is expected by the department offi
cials that great increase in efficiency in
artillery firing will follow tbe practice of
the new system in artillery.
Although the tour of duty of Rear
Admiral L. A. Beardslee, In command of
the Pacific station, will expire this month,
It i« understood that Secretary Herbert
will not relieve him until fall. This in
tention of the Seoretary is due to his idea
to have the Pacific squadron exercise in
fleet maneuvers under direction of an
officer with whom his subordinates are
acquainted.
Before the Secretary's departure for
Alabama the question was raised as to the
date when Rear Admiral Beardslee should
be relieved, and he decided that no orders
should be issued until the close of the
fleet maneuvers. The decision of the
Secretary is not generally known, and In
naval cucles where it in known that
Admiral Beardslee's tour of duty will
shortly expire, considerable gossip ia in
circulation as to his successor. As in all
gossip connected with squadron com
munds the name of Rear Admiral Ram
say, Chief of the Bureau of Navigation, i 3
mentioned, but it can be safely asserted
that ihis official will not leave his present
post.
CommoJore John A. Howell made ap
plication to the department for assign
ment to duty as Rear- Admiral Beardslee's
reaef, hut this officer iias been assigned to
the command of the League Island Nnvy
yard, and it is extremely doubtful if he
wouJd care for a transfer. Commodore
George Dcwey i« also an applicant for the
assignment, anl the general impression at
the depar;ment seems to be tliat he will
be given the billet. Commodore Dewey is
now president of the board of inspection
and surrey.
By direction of the Acting Sficretary of
War, Post Chaplain John S. Siebold,
United States army, i 3 relieved from duty
at Jefferson barracks, Missouri, and will
report In person to the commanding
officer at Fort Can by, Wasuington, for
duty at that post, ami by letter to the
commanding general of the Department
of the Columbia.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3.-Pacifio
Coas; pensions have been issued as fol-
lows:
California: Original— Henry L. Hughes,
Arlington Place: James Welsh, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles; Harry B. Neall, Vet
erans' Home, Napa. Increased — John
Hurley, San Francisco. Mexican War
survivor, inoreasef — John Reagan, Ala
nieda.
Washington: Original — Christian Eb
erle, Orting.
Civil /Service- h'xatninationa.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3.— The j
Civii Service Commission has arranged a I
schedule of examinations for the last six ]
months of this year. Examinations for i
departmental positions will be held as fol
lowi in California: San Francisco, October
12; Fresno, October 14; Los Angeles, Oc
tober 16; Redding, October 9.
FIRMS IN SAUSALITO.
Two Itieetlinga on the Xorth Side De
atroyed by an Early Mornina Blaze.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Aug. 3.— Fire broke
out at 2 o'clock this morning in the house
of Henry de Souza in North Sausalito, l
just oaok. of tbe town jail. It quickly j
spread to the home of Joseph Frates
standing alongside. Citizens of Sausalito
were brought out of their bed^ by the
blasts from a locomotive in the depot
yard and tbe Fire Department was
quicKly on the scene. Nothing could be
done, however, to save the buildings i
owing to the incK of water, and some ;
rather hard criticism of the town authori
ties has been indulged in. The buildings,
insured for about $2000, were completely
destroyed. The fire is supposed to be of ,
incendiary origin.
IH.iastrous Fire at ffneo, Texnt.
WACO, Texas, Aug. 3.-The brick block
occupied by Reynolds& Co., livery stable;
John L. Brockenborough, feed store; Be
ment <fe Son, machinery, buggies and
wagons, and by the Waverly Hotel was de
stroyed by fire last night. The hotel ia
much damaged. Several horses were
burned to death. The losses on buildings
and contents will aggregate $90,000, and
tne insurance will reach about 50 per cent
of the loss.
YOUTH'S MAD LOVE.
Rivalry for a Young Lady's Hand Leads
to Murder,
; FINDLAY, Ohio, Aug. 3.— George Miles,
aged 19, was stiot and killed by Amos
Decker, aged 18, in this city this evening,
and a large posse of officers and excited
citizens are pursuing the murderer, who
escaped to the country on a horse. Decker
and Miles were rivals, for the band of a
young lady, and the feeling between them s
was very bitter. They came' to blows to
day after a quarrel over some livestock.
Decker then went home, and securing a
revolver returned and shot Miles in the
side, inflicting a wound from which he
died in a few hours.
Clereland'a Big Strike.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 3.— Protected
by four companies of militia and the po
lice 130 non-union men went into the
Brown hoisting works this morning, pass
ing through dense crowds of strikers and
their friends without molestation. Tne
close of the day was also unmarked by any
demonstration. The situation, however,
continues ominous, and when the pro
posed sympathetic strike of all other or
ganized workingmen in the city goes into
effect serious trouble is anticipated.
REV rO-DAT.
IjTciIII Natural f
*^^^^ Flavor I
ififlßltracs JJF* without that scalded- *%
Aiwi iz^^j&Xyj milktaste - *
A dss!rab!e "suit O
W K^^^f %^nft9 I never before obtained ja
||M^^^o by others. T
i B^*rJjP***vT rf PREPARED BT 9
JlSllilS^ New York Condensed] [
DR.MCNULTY.
mHIB WELL-KNOWN* AND RELIABLE BPE-
-1 cialist treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES Oi? MEN* ONLY. He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses or Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
- terrible effects, Lossof Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Visor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
" Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
- tine. He uses no patent nostrums of ready-mads
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical . treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured »t Home. Term*
reasonable. .
Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:80 to 8:80 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation f rea and sa-
credly confidential. Call oik or address -
P. ROSCOK McNULTY, M. D.,
H614 Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
XT Beware of strangers who try to talk to yon
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
Blackwell's Genuine
Tou will find one coupon inside each t onnce bag and two ooupons inside each 4 oonoe
Buy a bag, read the coupon and see how to get your share of |250,000 in presents. .
fs the light that will brlnjr a . great"!)!*
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan i? to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful bow harmless
it is. You can net.it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extrajrdidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable. .
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchlngs of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy. -; v
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over "2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotenoy in the
farst stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
ped in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Semi for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sora-
prolueing crms. Tnen come sore tbroat, pimples,.*
Copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
railing nalr. You can stive a trip to Hoc sprints
by using the ere*t 80-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. \
IpHILJIDELPHIiiSHOECa
' I STAMPED ON A SHOE
■ MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
NOTHING SUCCEEDS
LIKE SUCCESS!
Onr Blockade Sals has been a success. Why f
Because we never advertise fake sale*. THAT
FESCK HURTS OCR- TRAD-, 1 but «ir (hoes
never hurt the feet. Why T . Because they are
well made and only the BEST material Is used.
This week money In your pocket Special Sale
or Ladies' Extra Fine French Vlci Kid Button
Shoes, with either cloth or kid tops, latest style
razor toes, half Tokio last, flexible soles and
patent-leather tips. Special price 51. 85. Nothing
line It ever Offered before. Regular price $3 50.
I 75c. $1.00.
SCHOOL -r< - l
hoes, TTI m
russet, |yV \JI
kid, L XiNy w
GOAT. Ejjj^SiX w
NEAT FITTERS. SOLID WEARERS.
Why buy School Shoes elsewhere when by walk-
ing around the fence at Third and MarKet you can
save money T ' We will save you from Bsc to 800
on every pair. Examine our shoes ami pricM,
and If they are not righ> don't buy them.
Kid Button, sizes 8 to 10y ... 75c
Kid Button, slz?s 11 to 'i • 850
Pebble Grain Button, sires 8 to ioy a 750
pebble Grain Button, eizes 11 to '£... 81. OO)
Tan Uoat. sizes Sto 8 ..:>. 7 5O
Tun Goat, sizesB to lOV2 ...St. OO
ran Goat.sizes 11 to 'I »I.*#
teg" Country orders solicited.
&ST send for New Illustrated Catalog*!*.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Fnnclioo.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
J»apo*erftu aphrodisiac and specific tonio totttit
texOaland orlnarr orgaas of both sezea. and »
treat remedy for disease* of the kidneys and Wai- .
der. A ureas Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nerrta*
bells on its own M.enu-«» U»ug-wiua»i w*U«
monials necessary. 1 „
NAiii.H, aLKS SI BItl»K. AifenM,
383 Market St.. 8.- V.-i>euU lor Circular)
fr'^tflafflSblSb&f.** B1 « ? ls . a t»on-po!ion6«s
_<*^^KM«K£sa remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JmSisrvC R E?Si23 Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
is*iJWlaltosd»Tt/®| Whites, unnatural dig*
NY Gn»r»nteed V charges, or anr innamraa-
»i not to lUietore. tion, irritation or ulcera-
3>»"*gPri»enU toougiaa. tion of ci 11 co us niem-
PntTHtEUHSCHtMICHCa. braneB - Non-astringent.
ISfi^CINGINHATI.O BSB *° M by V'" U^
Wfc w o . Wor sent in pl:un wrapper,
JHMStw l^Pwl by expire, prepaid, for
*^!S«Ife»«fl^S&l $!•<*>< or 3 oottlei, C2.?\
V^myt^Py- V Circular sent or. - .»«stOPPOSED TO
FREE SILVER,
Leading Democrats of Los
Angeles Declare for
McKinley.
WILL WORK TO DEFEAT
BYRAN.
Believe That the Election of the
Nebraskan Would Be a
Calamity.
SOUND BUSINESS MEN GIVE
THEIR VIEWS.
Are Against a Third Ticket Because
It Would Divide the Gold
Forces.
Los Angeles Office of The Call, )
328 South Broadway, V
Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 3.)
There is no doubt that a majority
of the business men of Los Ange
les who have heretofore voted the
Democratic ticket will not do so this
year. Many are outspoktn in their
support of McKinley and Hobart, but
there are others who ior personal reasons
are saying little about their disaffection
from the Chicago nominees and platform.
As one of the malcontents remarked to
day:
"There is many a self-respecting Demo
crat who is not proclaiming from the
housetops that he is going to vote for Mc-
Kinley, but when November 3 comes he
will put his little joker into the ballot-box
in the shape that will do the most good.
In other words his X will be stamped after
the names of the McKinley electors. I'll
vote and work for the Republican stand
ard-bearers, much as I dislike to do such a
thing, but I believe it is the only honor
able thing to do under the circum
stances."
Such in substance is the refrain of about
every other Democrat of prominence that
one sounds on the question. There are
others who are not so timid about giving
publicity to their sentiments, and speak
their minds freely to all men. Take Colonel
John E. Plater for instance. Colonel
Plater is a banker and capitalist. He is a
Southern man and served with distinction
in the Confederate army. He has been a
life-long Democrat, but when asked as to
his views on the political situation in this
year of Democratic disgrace, he said:
"You can say emphatically that I am an
uncompromising McKinley man. I don ? t
see that there is any use of saying more.
That's enough."
The manner in which Colonel Plater said
this left no room for doubt as to his earn
estness. He is a man of great influence in
the community, and will doubtless con
vert others to bia way of thinking and
voting. He is, in fact, quite active in
making McKinley voters.
C. A. Kenyon, manager of Bradstreet's
Commercial Agency, said: "Count me
among the McKinleyites, although I
never voted for a Republican candidate
for President in xny life. I have, in fact,
been a free-trade Democrat, and still
cling to the traditions of my party, but I
cannot support such a platform as was
formulated at Chicago. The attitude of
the two old parties has been reversed, and
I find the Republican platform more
nearly representing my principles than
that of the so-called Democracy. There
fore, I feel that it is my duty to vote for
the Republican standard-bearers. My po
sition keeps me in close touch with the
business men of this city, and I rind that
many who have been Democrats hereto
fore will vote tbe Republican ticket this
year. There is no question in my mind
that the business interests of the country
will suffer if Bryan is elected, but I have
no fear that he will enter the White
House."
Herman W. Hellman, president of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank, and
brother of I. W. Hellman of the Nevada
Bank, said : "I think it is safe to say that
a great many of the best Democrats in Los
Angeles County will vote for McKinley,
not because they have ceased to be Demo
crats, but because the Democratic party
has no nominee for President. Ido not
count Bryan as representing the party.
Many of us will be forced to vote for the
head of the Republican ticket, but for
other offices we will continue to vote for
the Democratic nominees, provided they
are good and capable men and represent
true Democratic principles."
Edward Germain, president of the
Southern California Wine Company, and
brother of Eugene Germain, American
Consul at Zurich, Switzerland, said : "1 am
not a free-silver Democrat and therefore
cannot vote for Mr. Bryan. There seems
to be but one alternative; that is to vote
for McKinley."
J. M. Elliott, president of the First Na
tional Bank said: "I do not liKe to say
anything about the money question, for
the simple reason that we bankers are al-"
ways being accused of trying to work poli
tics for our own exclusive benefit. Many
people, especially workingmen, think they
ought to oppose anything that we bankers
favor. I greatly deprecate that any such
class feeling should exist, because we are
all fellow-toilers in a sense and it is not true
that banK< rs are different from the rest of
the human race? But what is the use of
talking about that. It is enough to say
that I am a sound-money Democrat and
therefore not in sympathy with the Chi
cago platform. I have not said that I will
vote for Major McKinley, but I cannot
support Mr. Bryan, and the real Demo
crats have not yet nominated a candi
date."
W. 8. Devan, capitalist: "I am a Demo
crat, but solid for McKinley. I think the
saivation of the country depends upon his
election."
Leopold Winter, president of the South
ern California Cracker Company : "I am
a Democrat but cannot support the ticket
nominated at Chicago. Oar business
would suffer if the Chicago platform went
into effect, so I hope to see it defeated. I
do not believe Populist support will help
Bryan. Success for him would mean dis
aster to the business interests of the
country."
Shirley V. Martin, time-keeper for the
Cudahy Packing Company, is a young
Democrat who is wise before his gener
ation. Mr. Martin is a very intelligent,
energetic young man who reads and thinks
for himself, baid he to The Call inter-
viewer:
"I was born and bred a Democrat if ever
there was one. I am a native of Kentucky,
which has always been regarded the hot
bed of Democracy. Both of my grand
fathers were slave-holders, and my father
fought for the Confederacy. With such
an ancestry how could I be anything but
a Democrat of the Simon-pure variety?
But I am sorry to say that I cannot vote
for the Kind of Democracy we have this
year. Tne election of Bryan, according to
my notion, would be the worst thing tliat
could happen to the country. I shall vote
for McKinley, if I vote at all, much as I
clisliKe to vote the Republican ticket. I
hope the gold Democrats will not put a
ticket in the field, as it could not hope to
succeed and would only jeopardize Mc-
Kinley's chances. It is "every true Demo
crat's duty, in my opinion, to* support Mc-
Kinley either directly or indirectly by
not going to the polls." I believe there are
thousands of Democrats all over the coun
try who feel just as I do about this mat
ter."
Ex-Sheriff James C. Kays— l have not
told any one yet how I shail vote. lam a
Democrat and have always been a silver
man, but I put my country's honor above
everything else.
Henry S. Baer, president of the Los An
geles Wine Company — I have been a life
long Democrat and am a Democrat still,
but as the old saying soes. "You can lead
a horse to water, but you can't make
him drink.' 1 Altgeld and Tillman can't j
force me to vote lor their candidate. The
Chicago platform does not voice the De
mocracy of Jefferson or of Cleveland, and
I shall "not follow it- I have three broth
ers, and all of us have voted the Demo
cratic ticket all our lives, but we shall not
do so this year. We have "flopped," and
every one of us will vote for McKinley. I
hate to do so, but between two evils I will
choose the less.
Heury Vander Leek, manager of the
Ducominun hardware-store— W hile I am
a Democrat I believe that the action of the
Chicago convention is opposed to the
principles of tbe Democratic party. 1 have
not lett the party, but tne party has left
me. I tnink the best and easiest way to
defeat Bryan is to vote for McKinley. I
have never voted for any but a Democrat
for President, but this year I shall vote for
the Republican nominee.
E. P. Tresslar, photographer— l am a
sound-money Democrat and as such am
opposed to the platform of the Chicago j
convention. I shail vote for McKinley, for j
I believe he offers the only salvation for ■
the country. Our foreign obligations must
be met and there is but one way to do it.
I am in favor of paying our honest debts I
honestly. I have voted the Democratic
ticket for twenty-five years, but I shall
not do so this fall. Tbe platiorm of the
Chicago convention is not a fair statement
of Democratic principles. 1 should be
sorry to see the sound-money Democrats
put up another ticket, for I believe that
our only hope is to concentrate upon Mc-
Kinley.
Isaac Norton, secretary of the Metropoli
tan Loan Association — I have always
been a Democrat, but 1 cannot accept the
Chicago platform. I am convinced that
sound money is our only safeguard. If
the silver men win in November I believe
we will have the greatest panic the coun
try has ever known. Wages will be the
first thing to suffer and the last to recover.
I shall vote for the sound money candi
date.
L. Sutor, manager for J. R. Newberry &
Co., wholesale and retail grocers — I am a
sound money Democrat, and certainly
shall not vote for free silver. I have al
ways voted the straight Democratic ticket
in National politics, but 1 cannot do so
this year. Ido not like McKinley, but I
prefer him to Bryan. The money ques
tion is of paramount importance in this
campaign.
M.' L.Graff, attorney for the Board of
Trade— l am a Democrat and a believer in
the principles of Democracy enunciated
by Grover Cleveland on questions of
finance, tariff and the administration of
public affairs. By reason of these convic
i tions I feel it my duty to vote for the Re
j publican nominee for President. 1 shall
do it for the reason that the agitation by
the Silver party has driven out of the
channels ot trade, as a circulating
medium, a large portion of the drafts,
bills of exchange and other evidences of
credit, by means of which the largest por
tion of the commerce of the world is at
present conducted. In my opinion such
destruction of confidence has brought
about a larger contraction of the circulat
ing medium than the entire value of the
silver mines of the country. For another ;
reason I believe that any law which per-
I mits the owner of a silver mine to have \
stamped upon his product the credit of
the Government, so as to increase its
value, and at the same time denying to
owners ot other products the same right,
is manifestly unjust and contrary to the
spirit of good government. I consider the
money question paramount to every other
political issue.
Judge Enoch Knight, Receiver of Pub
lic Moneys for the District of Southern
California, stated his attitude tersely as
follows: "I do not intend to support
either the ticket or the platform of the
Chicago convention."
These are but a lew expressions of opin
ion by Democrats who oppose Bryan.
There are hundreds here who would' say
the same.
DECLARES FOR McKINLEY.
Democratic Judge JBurke of Seattle
Oppotes a Third Ticket.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 3. — Hon.
Thomas Burke, Washington's delegate to
the conference of sound-money Democrats,
to be held at Indianapolis on August 7 to
determine whether or not to place a Na
tional ticket in the field, having on Satur
day forwarded his proxy to General Ed
ward S. Bragg, in a subsequent letter of
this date expresses his personal views in
part as follows:
I regard the defeat of the Chicago platform
and its candidates as of more importance to
the welfare ot the country than the preserva
tion ior this campaign of party interests or
ptrty name. The position taken by Bourke
Cockran commends itself to my judgment.
This course would give a rallying point around
which Democrat* after election can gather,
and at the same time would enable sound- ;
money Democrats to cast their votes in such a |
way as to make them most effective. Ido not
believe we can at this time serve our country
and our party by firinjr Into the air. We
should be in a position to cast our ballots so as
to insure the defeat of the combined forces of
misrule and disorder represented by the Chi
cago and the St. Louis Popullstic platforms. I
do not believe that a third ticket will best pro
mote this end. We need the full, undivided
strength of sound-money men of both parties
concentrated in favor of McKinley.
Judge Burke is a Territorial ex-Chiefi
Justice and one of the ablest lawyers in
the State.
B ARBAN AT GUER NEVILLE.
Opens the first District Campaign With
a Rousing Speech.
GUERNEVILLE, Cal., Aug. 3.— Judge
Barham, Congressman of the First Con
gressional District, delivered his opening
speech ot the campaign in this place at
Union Hall Saturday night. He arrived
on the evening train in company with a
party of prominent Santa Rosa Republi
cans. Tbe train was met by the Guerne
ville brass band and the distinguished
party was escorted to tbe Grand Central
Hotel.
The evening meeting was most enthusi
astic and for two hours the speakers held
the undivided attention of their audience.
The hall was packed, farmers and wood
men coming even from beyond Cazadero,
ten miles distant over tbe mountains.
D. E. McKinley of Santa Rosa spoke
first. He is an orator of ability, and for
over two years he has advocated free silver
from a non-partisan standpoint. In his
speech last night he told why all patriotic
friends of the rfhite metal should vote the
Republican ticket. He dwelt on tbe his
torical causes which have brought about
the present financial system throughout
Europe. He said the price of silver, like
tv price of every other commodity, was
regulated by law and demand, and not
until the ten great nations of Europe went
back to a bimetallic basis could the price
of silver be forced tosl 29 per ounce, where
It must be in oruer tuat a silver dollar be
of equal value to one of gold.
The speaker bade his hearers beware of
Democratic promises, recalling the days
when they were told of the blessings of
"tariff reform,"' which baa proved an
utter failure. He compared tbe two
standard-bearers. One, another great un
known, but, like the late hero, Grover
Cleveland, "a man of destiny." On the j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
other hand stood a soldier and a states
man—a man not of destiny, but of history.
When Congressman Barham came for
ward he was cheered to the echo. He said
that be had but one political ambition,
viz. : to serve his constituents faithfully
and well. His record would show for it
self how far he had been successful. He
dwelt with earnestness on the tariff and
silver questions, declaring himself the
stanch friend of silver, having in its inter
est voted independent of party in the
past. He stood ever ready to advance its
cause in the future. ;
Another question: of equal importance
to tariff or silver, he said, was the con
struction of the ;Nicar»2uan canal, the
great ocean highway , which would make
the United States -the commercial center
of the world. He spoke of the importance
of cheap transportation and of our great
waterways, which alone could make us ab
solutely independent of the grasping rail
way corporations. The long tight for the
present canal bill was reviewed, and the
Congressman promised to continue his
greatest efforts in its behalf. -
Representative Barham's speech was
frequently interrupted by applause or by
peals of laughter at his many witty
thrusts at our "friends on the other side
of the political fence."
O. O. Webber stated that the prime ob
ject of the meeting was to form a Guerne
ville Republican club. One hundred names
were signed to the roll at once. Owing to
the lateness of the hour no organization
was effected, and with rousing cheers the
meeting adjourned.
. ", ♦ .
CAPITAL CITY POLITICS.
Daroux and Rider Dethroned by the Re
publican Central Committee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Aug. 3.— The
action taken at the meeting of the Repub
lican Central Committee in this city to
night bids fair to be the precursor of ruc
tions in the ranks of the party locally, and
the coming county convention, which will
be held on the 10th instant, will either be
a cut-and-dried proposition or a battle
field, depending, of course, upon the out
come at the primaries on Saturday of this
weeK.
For some time past the leaders in the
uptown wards who, it is claimed, are de
voted 10 railroad interests, have become
dissatisfied with Frank Daroux. For
many years Daroux has held almost un
disputed sway in the Second Wara. Dur- |
ing the past wees negotiations have been
pending, which culminated in the open
declaration of war. Daroux was given the
"cold shoulder," and the Little Napoleon,
Frank Rhodes, again rose to his former
pedestal.
This was accomplished by the adoption
of a resolution to the effect that all judges
and inspectors of primaries throughout
the city were to be appointed by the com
mittee as a whole, instead of following the
practice of former years, when each com
mitteeman named the primary officers in
his own ward, and by naming his warmest
' adherents was always enabled to retain
] his place on the committee.
When the resolution was put to a vote
it was carried by 9 to 2, Frank Daroux and
George Rider, who, it is claimed, aspire to
capture tne pennant so long borne by
Frank Rnodes in the First Ward, being
i against the measure.
As soon as the resolution was declared
I adopted the officers proposed by Rider |
I and Daroux in the First and Second
! wards were rejected and warm adherents
! of Rhodes were named in the First, while
! in the Second a list of the adherents of
; Tim Finn were accepted, the latter being
! in line with the majority.
By this action it was believed that
. Rider and Daroux, in view of the long
I odds against them, would throw up the
' sponge and sinK again into private life,
but this they decline to do. Instead, ti.ey
will put up an opposition ticket at the
primaries and endeavor to hold their
ground, which will insure warm work at
the polls.
Besides passing this particular resolu
tion the committee voted down every
resolution introduced by Daroux and
j Rider, and in this way curtailed their
' political ammunition. In speaking of the
■ action of the committee to-night Frank
Daroux said:
"This is the most villainous move ever
! made in politics in tniscity. Why.thatup
| town 'push' are all for the rail-
I road, and tdey mean to capture our
j wart's by foul means. I introduced
resolutions to-night that at all polling
places the ballot-box should be kept in
open sight; that all voters at primaries
j should be registered ; that in precincts
! where there was opposition both sides be
represented on the election board, and
j that only good citizens be permitted to en
ter the polling places and watch the vote.
All of these were rejected, and you can
quote me as saying that gigantic fraud is
intended."
The convention will probably consist of
250 delegates, and it is a foregone conclu
sion that Grove L. Johnson will receive
the nomination for Congress and Jud
Brusie for State Senator. If things work
as expected Scott Kunis will be named a3
Assemblyman from the Twenty-first,
William Sims from the Twentieth and
William Lovdali from the Twenty-second
District.
There are numerous candidates for the
position of Superior Judge, the most
prominent being A. B. Catiin, Charles
Oatman. J. B. Devine, Charles Post and
E. U. Hart, but it is whispered that
i George Eagan, who is seemingly the most
! active of the committeemen, favors
j Devine, Post or Catiin. As yet the super
i visorial candidates are in the shade, the
i aspirants largely depending for success on
the outcome of leaser battles among com
mitteemen.
♦
LOS ANGELES SOCIALISTS.
free Silver Opposed in the County
Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 3.— The
Socialist Labor party of Los Angeles
County held its convention at Caledonia
Hall yesterday and the following nomina
tions were made: Congress, Job Harri
man; State Senator, Seventy-fifth Dis
trict, H. N. Leach; Assemblymen — Ed
Arenaelsteen, H. W. Williams, Philip
Stan wood (Stanwood is now in the county
jail for complicity in the railroad strikes);
Supervisors— Edward H. Graham, J. Leb
run; Sheriff, Isaac Wolfe; County Clerk,
— . Hanby; Auditor, M. Reader: County
Recorder, Henry Cruse: Tax Collector,
A. C. McGinty; District Attorney, L.
Bechtell; County Treasurer, W. E. Baker;
Public Administrator, J. Newbauer.
The convention declared against free
coinage of silver and $40 was raised to
carry on the campaign.
LAKE COUNTY IN LINE.
Republicans Organize for a Campaign
of Education.
LAKEPORT. Cal., Aug. ,3.— Lake
County has wheeled into line with a Re
publican Club. A large and enthusiastic
meeting was held at the Courthouse Sat
urday evening, and the organization per
fected with the following officers: Presi
dent, Frank W. Beach; vice-president,
A. H. Spurr; secretary, Fred N. Lonng;
treasurer, George A. Lyon.
It is the intention of the club to engage
speakers and at once commence a circula
tion of Republican literature, and bring
the weak-kneed into line. There will be
a meeting on August 18 to ratify the action
of the National Convention and indorse
the candidates.
De Tries' Campaign Committee.
STOCKTON, Cal. ; Aug. 3.-Colonel De
Vries, the Democratic candidate for Con
gress from this (the Second Congressional)
district, to-day announced the personnel
of the Democratic Congressional Commit
tee, which he was authorized to appoint,
as follows: John N. Woods of Stockton,
San Joaquin County; Park Henshaw,
Chico, Butte County; A. Caminetti, Jack
son, Amador County; T. T. Lane, Angels
Camp, Calaveras County; James O'Brien
Jr., Smartsville, Yuba County; J. S.Car
roll, Sacramento, Sacramento County; A.
W. Eibershutz, Independence, Inyo
County ; E. J. Rector, Nevada City, Ne
vada County; J. A. Van Harligen, So
nora, Tuolumne County; T. W. O'Neil,
Sacramento, Sacramento County.
TRAGIC DEATH
HEAR SAN JOSE,
George Curtin Killed at
His Father's Country
Place.
SUICIDE OB ACCIDENT 1
Asks for His Shotgun and Its
Report Is Heard Soon
Afterward.
BRAINED BY THE DISCHARGE.
The Theory of Self-Destruction Is
Not Credited by the Youth's
Relatives.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 3.— George Cur
tin, the 20-year-old son of C. C. Curtin, a
prominent and wealthy dry-goods man of
San Francisco, met a tragic death on the
ranch of his father, near this city, at 1
o'clock this afternoon. His lifeless. body
was found in a small granary on the place
by his mother, who was attracted by the
report of a gun. A charge of shot had
torn through his skull, causing instant
death. Circumstances indicate that the
young man committed suicide, but this
idea is scouted by his relatives, who be
lieve he was the victim of an accident.
The young man came to this city about
three weeks ago and went to live on his
father's place, which is called the Del
Coronado ranch and is situated on Capital
avenue, about a half mile off the Alum
Rock road. He was joined a week later
by his mother and sister, Mis 3 Lizzie Cur
tin, who were upon the place at the time
of his sad death. The father visited his
ranch on Saturday evenings and returned
to San Francisco on Monday mornings.
Yesterday morning young Curtin brought
his father to San Jose to board the train.
He returned to his home about 12:30
o'clock, and, after turning the horse and
buggy over to a hired man, went into a
small granary near tbe dwelling. His
mother came out and called to him to
come to his lunch, telling him it had
been waiting for some time. He replied:
"All right; I will be in in a few mo
ments."
This was the last time Mrs. Curtin saw
her son alive. A few moments later he
asked a hired man upon the place to bring
his shoteun, as there were squirrels about
the barn which he wanted to kill before
going in to lunch. The hired man brought
the gun, delivered it to its owner and left
to attend to duties in the Btable.
Soon the report of the gun attracted
Mrs. Curtin and the hired man to the
granary. They found the young man's
corpse on the floor, a charge of shot hay
ing carried away the upper portion of his
skull.
Inserted in the trigger- guard of the shot
gun was a file, fastened to a piece of hose.
This gave rise to the suicide theory, as it
appeared that Curtin had placed the muz
zle of the weapon against his head ana
pressed the file with his toes.
Relatives of the young man are loth to
accept this theory. They believe that he
was tinkering with the gun in some man
ner, and that it was accidentally dis
charged. They express utter ignorance of
any cause which might have lea the
young man to take his life.- The hired
man says that young Curtin seemed to be
in his usual good humor when he asked
him to bring the shotgun. The father of
the young man, who owns a large dry
goods store on Market street, near Fifth,
in San Francisco, was telegraphed for and
arrived in this city this evening.
George Curtin was a graduate ot St.
Mary's College in Oakland. Since leaving
school he bas been employed chiefly as a
floor-walker in his father's store. He was
of good habits, industrious and unusually
bright and success f ul in business affairs.
He was always well liked by those who
came in contact with him. In his school
days it was noted that he was sometimes
oversensitive over trivial matters.
The three daughters in th<s family are
highly esteemed in society in San Fran
cisco. The family was so shocked at the
sad and entirely unexpected occurrence
that they could scarcely realize what had
happened. All declare that the boy had
been unusually good-spirited during the
past week. He never exhibited any fits of
despondency. The young man had every
thing to live for, his father being a very
wealthy man and he was the favorite of
the family.
HOLD-UP NEAR FRESNO.
Masked Men Halt Two Vineyard Employes
and Appropriate Part of Their
Wealth.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 3.— A. A. Green
and Harold Latter, employes at the Eisen
vineyard, were leld up by two masked
robbers rive miles east of this city about
11:30 o'clock last night. Green and Latter
were in a carriage, and were returning
from a visit to the city. When at a point
near Denicke's fig ranch the robbers
sprang from the ditches at either side of
the road. They were masked and, level
ing revolvers at the men in the carriage,
commanded them to stop.
Neither Green nor Latter were armed,
and they were taken so completely by sur
prise that they could do nothing but obey.
They were ordered to get out upon the
road and hold up their hands. "In the
darkness Green slipped his watch into his
hat and threw his purse to the side of the
highway, without being detected. Latter
was too near one of the robbers to save
any valuables. Both men were searched
by the robbers. Nothing was secured from
Green, but Latter lost a $50-watch and $3
in cash.
The robbers then marched the two men
up the road for a distance of a quarter of
a mile. They instructed Green and .Latter
to proceed eastward. The road agents
then went back and took the horse and
carriage, in which they drove to this city.
At 9 o'clock this morning the rig was
found on N street, the horse having been
turned loose.
SAN DIEGO INVESTIGATION.
Railroad Commissioners Find a Difference
of Opinion Regarding the Temecula
Canyon Line.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Aug. 3.— At a meeting
of the Railroad Commissioners to-day, the
opponents of the Santa Fe Railroad re
ceived a setback that practically ends the
case. Considerable testimony was intro
duced during the morning, intended to
s ow that the company had received a
subsidy of 10,000 acres of land on an agree
ment which it had not kept. Later a peti
tion from 150 business men was presented
asking the Commissioners to compel the
company to rebuild the Temecula Canyon
line, thus reopening the trade of that sec
tion to San Diego, or forfeit its franchise.
When the complainants had cited their
case the second witness for the railroad
brought out a set of resolutions that
changed the situation. The witness was
George W. Martson, a leading retail mer
chant of Southern California. He ap
peared as chairman of a committee of t£e
Merchants' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion, which had adopted resolutions ex
pressing as the sense of the association
that a railroad through Temecula Canyon
was not necessary to the trade of San
Diego and that the railroad company
should not be compelled to maintain a
line through the canyon, which is subject
to floods, when a more feasible route may
be found. If the company will build as
near to the old road as procticable, so as
to develop the trade of the region, San
Diego merchants would be content.
This, coming from leading merchants
and shippers, has, it is believed, closed the
agitation.
TROCKEE'S WINTER CARNIVAL.
Preparations for tn Ire Palace Are*
Already Under Way.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Aug. 3.— Undaunted
by last season's financial failure the stock
holders in the ice palace are already
making preparations for the coming
winter. Both the ice palace and toboggan
slide wiil be run as heretofore and many
needed improvements are to be made.
Mountaineers prognosticate an unusually
cold winter. Should these prophecies be
fulfilled success is assured. "Tom" Whit
ney, a prominent Truckeeite and the prin
cipal projector of the ice palace scheme,
said to-day :
"finances cut no figure. The palace
goes as it did last season," and, pointing
to the frame work of the palace, he con
tinued: "If I am not mistaken a crystal
covering will enshroud those walls as
early as November next, and by the early
part of December ou palace will be in per
fect shape. Those who prophesied failure
for our project wiil be made to see their
mistake."
Truckeeites in general are sangnine of
the success of this particular project dur
ing the coming winter. Every indication
points to an unusually cold season.
TROCKEE'S NEW RAILWAY.
Penetrates a Fast Section Shaded by
Virgin Forest.
TRUCK EE, Cal., Aug. 3.— Truckee's
new railroad is progressing rapidly. The
grade has been completed and tracklayers
are now at work. Though only seven
miles in length, the road means much for
TrucKee. Starting from the center of
town it runs westward into a hitherto in
accessible chain of mountains, where an
excellent quality of pine lumber abounds,
the supply being practically inexhausti
ble.
Planing-mills and box-factories will be
erected at its terminal point, Katz Flat,
and a town almost the size of Truckee will
spring up within a few months. At least
200 men will be kept at work during the
lumber season, and this place will be bene
fited greatly.
The Sierra Nevada Wood and Lumber
Company is the projector of the road, and
plenty of money is behind it. Upward of
eighty five men are now engaged in con
struction.
WATER FOR SANTA ROSA
Inexhaustible Supply Gushing
Up From an Under
ground Flow.
Two Million Gallons a Day From
a New Well Sunk by
the City.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 3.— The per
plexing problem of an adequate water
supply for this city was to a great extent
solved Saturday afternoon. The new
water system, which cost the taxpayers
$165,000 outright, with a prospect of much
additional expense, had not proved to be
all that its supporters hoped for. The
eight wells would not give out sufficient
water for the city's needs. The big double
pump, with a capacity of 1,000,000 gallons
a day, was kept running day and night,
and the insufficient quantity thus obtained
was so charged with air from the powerful
pumps as to resemble San Francisco milk
before the first Dockerey raid. There was
a great deal of subdued uneasiness over
the situation, and the Council at length
determined to sink a huge well to tap, if
possible, the underground flow.
Late Saturday afternoon the ' long
looked-for water came with a rush, pure,
cold and sparkling. So rapidly did the
big well fill that the workmen were forced
to seek the surface or swim. The water
had reached the surface yesterday morn
ing in spite of the pump and an addi
tional pump was placed into position.
Another is now being attached, giving tbe
system a capacity of 2,000,000 gallons per
day, and a thorough test of the new flow
will be made during the coming dry sea
son. If, as the promoters believe, the
supply comes from the Sierras it will
prove inexhaustible and will be the great
est boon ever visited upon Santa Rosa.
FATAL FIRE AT ASTORIA,
Musician Navoni Is Suffocated
While Trying to Save
His Violin.
Was the First Leader of the Tivoli
Opera-House Orchestra in San
Francisco.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 3. — Professor
John Morrisey Navoni, a musician, was
suffocated during the progress of a blaze
in an Astor-street building at an early
hour this morning. Navoni roomed in
the upper portion of the house, and made
an attempt to reach his room to save his
violin. He was overcome by the smoke,
but during the excitement was not
missed, and it was not until the rooms
were being examined by the firemen that
his body was found.
Navoni came to this city from Portland
about four years ago and bas officiated as
orchestral leader in various places. Dur
ing the last few months he had devoted
his time to teaching, and when oppor
tunity offered played at entertainments.
Navoni was born in New York in 1846.
He was tie son of an Italian musician of
note. In his early life be was a violinist
in many Eastern theatrical and operatic
orchestras. He went to San Francisco
about fifteen years ago and remained there
for a number of years, being the first
orchestra leader in the Tivoli Opera-house.
His father was an intimate friend of John
Morristey, the pugilist statesman, and
it was alter the latter that the musician
was named. He was married, but owing
to his dissipated habits in former years
be became estranged from his wife and
family. He was practically without
means, but his remains will be given
burial by his fellow-musicians of this city,
among whom he was popular both be
cause of his skill as a violinist and his
genial nature. »
Fate of a Perjurer.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 3.— Bariey
Carroll, one of the witnesses who swore to
an alibi for Robber L. L. Caliendine, was
this morning sentenced to four years in
Folsoin prison. Carroll was convicted of
having stolen goods in his possession, the
proceeds of several of Caliendine's raids.
STOCKTON GREETS
COLORED GUESTS,
Grand United Order of Odd
Fellows in Annual
Session.
MAYOR BAGGS' ADDRESS
The Delegates to the Convention
Welcomed by the City's
Executive.
OFFICERS WILL BE ELECTED.
Literary Exercises and a Dance to
Follow the Business
Meeting.
STOCKTON. Cal., Aug. 3.— The fourth
annual convention of the Grand Lodge of
the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows is
now being held in New Pioneer Hall in
this city. The convention was called to
order this morning at 9:30 o'clocK by Past
Noble Father J. H. Burrows, after which
those present sang "Coronation." A
prayer was offered by Rev. G. W. Wilson
of Marysville and Mayor Baggs welcomed
the colored delegates to the city. District
Grand Master B. H. Harris, in respond
ing, said:
"Permit me on behalf of the delegates
here assembled to express to you our
heartfelt appreciation of the kind words of
welcome extended to us. There is no
place in our nearts so dear that these sen
timents cannot enter. We come here as
Odd Fellows, hailing from the four corners
of the State, and when our session is
ended no expressions that we have heard
will be held closer than your words of
welcome. On this occasion we accept the
kind heart and the willing hand and when
we have returned to our homes we shall
ever remember your kindness to us."
At the conclusion of Mr. Harris* re
sponse to the welcome of the Mayor,
"Blest Be the Tie That 3inds" was sung
by those present, and then Rev. J. E.
Carpenter of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church pronounced the benediction.
The actual business of the session was
commenced when District. Grand Master
Harris called the convention to order to
listen to the reports of the regular com
mittees. They were as follows :
Credentials— J. C. Rivers, J. B. Wilson, L. J.
Smith.
On charges and appeals— A. A. Collins, B. A.
Johnson, J. U. Siuger.
On grand master's address— J. B. Wilson,
J. H. Burrows, G. H. Wilson.
On widows and orphans— J. C. Rivers, C. H.
Overton, W. H. Gwynn.
On insurance— J. B. Wilson, W. W. Owens,
J. R. Calendar.
On grievance— J. R. Calendar, P. Rankin,
G. W. Wilson.
The present session will last until to
morrow afternoon, when the actual busi
ness of the convention will close. After I
the election of new officers to-morrow to |
succeed those whose names have been
given, an adjournment will be taken until
the evening, when G. W. Wilson, the
orator of the organization, will deliver an
address on "Odd Fellowship Among the
Colored People." At the conclusion of
his address a literary and musical pro
gramme, which has been prepared by the
local colored Odd Fellows, will be ren
dered, and when that has been finished
there will be a dance in the hall.
EXAMINING DAIRY HERDS.
Veterinarian Eddy on an Official Quest
for Tuberculosis Germs.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Aug. 3.— County
Veterinarian Eddy is examining the cattle
herds owned the dairymen of this county.
On Saturday he inoculated the herd of the
Jersey dairy in the Fair Oaks Tract with
tuberculine and found all to be a healthy
condition. He will next take in the Honey
Grove dairy and then the Oakland ranch
dairy.
Eddy is determined to look into the
health of every herd in the county. He
Has no authority to kill diseased animals
thus inoculated, but will brand those
found with tuberculosis with the letter C
on the jaw, to indicate that they have been
condemned, and those that are found to be
in good health will be branded with the
letter P, indicating that they have been
passed by him.
Puget Sound Whale Hunt.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 3.— A party of
local whale-hunters will on Thursday try
to capture a California gray whale in Hen
derson Bay, twenty miles up the sound
from here. They have ordered six Lilly
harpoons and 600 fathoms of line from San
Francisco, and will fire the weapons from
a cannon. The hunt will be made in the
steamer Laurel Craft, 50 feet long. The
whale is said to be 160 feet in length.
Death Strikes in Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 3.— Mrs. Frank H.
Short died at a late hour to-night after an
illness of several months.
UDGE . for yourself
whether it is best to have your face filled
with pimples and blood blotches or whether
you would prefer a clean face and a good
blood. If you decide lor the latter use '
MANLY VIGOR
«s3sSS«SV^ f\HCE MORE in harmony
! I ilr^l - with 1 the world, 2000
liiV 'V. ■ c ? m plctely cured men are
I i ftp* \V : singing happy praises for
| }aL» t\ V: - r • ■"■' the greatest, grand-
. »'MQ»3b^jgg> ' est and most . sue-
Tm>iTTrqvli j2-jsff|g\ cessf cure for sex-
Jhlkgw'gSSy ual weakness and
' ! i. rVv^K\JN§V l° st vigor known to .
; isssV^_sNiYV?3a^ medical science." An
j I i^2^&?jM*3!Z V account of this won-
L&a r^ZiZejky'&rJ/' derful . discovery, in ,
r-gJk /jyjPP^l book form, with ref-
<>^'ay*fjLj^ erimces and proofs, .
'1' . • - *V ' will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) fret. Full manly vigor
permanently ; restored. Failure ■ impossible.
ERIE MEDICAL CQ.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
HEW TO-DAY.
One
Steady
Stream>oo<
Of mothers with their school-go-
ing boys kept filing in and out of
the big store all day yesterday
till the afternoon there was such
a pack and jam on our second
floor that it was an utter impos-
sibility to give them the atten-
tion that they're accustomed to
receiving at the popular big
Kearny -Street store.
Better service to-day.
More men added and the same
attractions that were on yester-
day hold good for to-day.
Those same Bannockburn,
Scotch Cheviots which our win-
dows are chock-a-block with, the
very prettiest and' most clever
suits that were ever made for
boys to put on, in both the Reefer
and double-breasted style; Suits
that are honest values at $6 and
$5 ; again to-day at
-$3.50—
The moment your fingers touch
the fabric you cannot resist the
temptation to buy. The value
makes itself manifest at once.
I You have been accustomed to
paying $5 and $6 for these suits,
yes, you have indeed. We have
never been able to sell 'em under
that, and the colorings are right
\ pretty.
Our picture above shows you a
Double-breasted Suit for lads
between the ages of 5 and 15 ;
there's so many pretty ones to se-
lect from that ifs truly bewil-
dering ; they're built on honor ;
built to last; built to give the
little fellow satisfaction, because
we realize the fact that he's hard
on his clothes, especially the
school-going boys. For just a few
days longer these suits will be on,
sale at
--$3.50—
The Reefer Suits made of those
swell Scotch Bannockburn Chev-
iots, and they are pretty indeed ;
the colorings are new ; you are
accustomed to receiving past sea-
son's suits at $3.50, but we're
showing the very prettiest Fall
styles, in a world of pretty col-
orings ; plaids, those very
swell plaids, stripes, pretty
mixtures, all bright colorings,
colorings that hide the dirt and,
dust, trimmed in a very novel
manner; such suits that you>
have paid $5 and $6 for ; sizes
3 to .10; for just a short while
at
-$3.50~
Boys' Heavy Derby
Ribbed Stockings.
Some 500 dozen (and thafs all
we will sell of 'em at the price)
of those heavy Derby Ribbed
Hose, double knees and heels $
most stores begin at 250 for the
smallest size and raise according
to size. We saij to-day for pick of
any size, but for to-day only, at
15c per Pair.
None for dealers.
Every purchaser on the second,
floor to-day will receive that new
puzzle of ours ; it's already the
town tolk.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny St.
34
PEACE REIGNS
OVER WHITTIER.
Reform School Trustees Ac
cept Miss Olmstead's
Resignation.
OTHERS WILL FOLLOW.
Teachers Accused of Cruelty to
Inmates Are Allowed to
Withdraw.
THE INVESTIGATION DEFERRED
Corporal Funishmect Is Abo'lshcd
and a Dis?greeable Incident
Closed.
Los Anget.es Office of the Call,)
328 South Broadway, V
Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 3. )
The investigation into the affairs of the
Whittier State School is beginning to
show results. At a late meeting of the
board of trustees the resignation of Miss
V. Olnistead was read and promptly ac
cepted. Miss Olmstead is the teacher
who is accused of hnvine applied a cat-o'
nine-tails to the bare back of Rhoda
Webb, one of the inmates. Ait«"r the Webb
girl's last flogging and confinement in a
cell on bread and water, she attempted
suicide. This act precipitated the inves
tigation.
Other offending teachers are expected
1o resign soon, corporal punishment is to
be auolishcd and peace is to reign over
Whittier. The investigation has been in
definitely deferred and will probably
never be resumed. At least one of the
trustees, the superintendent and boys of
the institution are having a three weeks'
picnic at feanta Catalina Island.
MUNDER BY ARSON.
One Life Lott in a Fire of Alleged Ineen-
diary Origin.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 3.— Max !
Meyers is in the City Jail, charged with
arson, as the result of a fire which oc
curred at First and Los Angeles streets
this morning and caused tbe loss of one
life. Meyers kept a second-hand clothing |
store in a row of one-story buildiugs j
owned by J. A. Builard, Three men, pass
ing his place at an early hour this morn
iner, allege that they saw Meyers throw a
lighted match onto some paper under a
gasoline store at the rear of his store,
after which he hurried into the street.
The gasoline was evidently turned on, for j
almost instantly there was an explosion ,
and the building was in flames.
The tire spread rapidly to a Chinese I
washhouse adjoining and J. B. Hunter's !
cigar-stand on the corner. A number of |
Chinese laundrymen, who were at work i
when the fire broke out, barely had time
to reach the street. Wo Sing, one of tbe
excited Celestials, returned to get some }
money which lie bad in a taole drawer in
a back r. "in, l>ut before he could secure
the tre&si.M licape was cut off, and he
perished miutratoiy in the flames.
The Fire Department was promptly on tbe
spot, but the three buildings were •rutted
before the flames could be checked.
Bullard'i loss on the buildings is about
$1500. Hunter's loss is $800, uninsured.
Tne loss on the laundry is $500. Meyers
was insured for $500, out his loss is be
lieved to be less than that amount. Fire
Chief Moore says this is not the first time
that Meyers has been suspected of arson.
OIL SUPPLY DIMINISHED.
Well-Owner* Cannot Provide Enough for
Local Comutnptiov.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 3.— The ex
ecutive committee of the Oil Exchange of
this city, at its meeting to-day, decided to
move the headquarters of the exchange to
426 Bryne block, where the office of the
American Oil Company is located. Secre
tary Strasbury of the exchange said this
afternoon :
"I hate very much to admit it, but the
fact is that it is only the question of a few
weeks when the oil industry of Los An
geles will be a thing of the past. The
American Oil Company has just sunk a
new welJ, and the production is only about
eight barrels. For the last four months
the supply has been 40,000 barrels short of
the consumption. This is an average of
10,000 barrels monthly. It will not be
long until the furnaces here are again
consuming coal."
CAUSED A CHILD'S HEATH.
Manslaughter Charge Filed- Against a
Thirteen- tear- Old Boy.
LOS ANGELES, Cfcl., Auk. 3.— A re
markable charge has been filed against
13 year-old Willie Challis, who, while
"playing fire engine" with a tricycle
lighted with a gasoline lamp, caused the
death of little Roy Harell as the result of
an explosion. Just how young Challis is
guilty of manslaughter does not appear,
but that is the charge against him, and he
will probably be committed to Whittier
for 'his rashness in playing with an ex
plosive in company with a boy smaller
than himself. ■
SUN JOSE PIONEER DEAD,
Passing of John Balbach, Who
Made the First Plow on
the Coast. ,
Crossed the Plains in 1849 to Seek
for Wealth in the Golden
State.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 3.— John Bal
baob, one of the oldest pioneers of this
county, died at his home at 523 South
Market street at G o'clock this morning.
He had been ill for several months with
heart affection and asthma.
Mr. Balbach was born in Menjentheim,
Germany, on February 13, 1820. He ar
rived In New fork in 1848. Shortly after
ward he went to Harrisburg, Ky., where
he obtained employment in a carriage fac
tory. On March 28, 1849, he and nine
others started from Kentucky across the
plains to California, with the expectation
of making their fortunes at;mining. They 1
encountered many hardships on the triu,
and finally reached Los Angeles August
10 1849. Alter a stay of several months
in Los Angeles, Balbach and two com
panions started northward, along the
coast for tLe mines. They reached San
Jose in the early part of December and
went into camD for a few days.
During the first night of their stay here
Mr. Balbach's horse was stolen and he
was compelled to abandon his trip to the
mines and stay here and seek employ
ment. After working a short time he
opened a blacksmith sbop. Tbe business
then established by Mr. Balbach Is now
beine conducted by hisj sons. ;; In the
spring of 1862 Balback manufactured the
first plow made on the Pacific Coast, and
the following year he made over fifty
• plows.
Mr. Balbach, on November 15, 1854,
married Wenna Benner, a native of Ger
many, who survives him. Mr. Balbach
served a term in the City Counoil and was
a member of the City Board of Education
for five years.
JUDGE PECRHAWS DEATH.
Succumb* to the Effect* of Injurle* Re-
r fired in an Accident.
SAN JOSE, CAL., Aug. 4.— Judge R. F.
Peckham, president and manager of the
San Jose Woolen Mills Company, died at
his residence in this city at midnight.
He was G9 years of age and a native of
Rtiode Island. He came to this State in
1846 and had at different times been a
prominent lawyer, jurist and farmer.
His demise was the direct result of in
juries received to his right foot about six
weeks aso while at Alum Rock Springs.
Gangrene set in and caused death.
The greater portion of Judge Peckham's
life was spent in Monterey, Santa Cruz,
and, for many years past, this city. The
deceased was lately married for the second
time.
DESTROYING DISEASED CATTLE
Santa Clara County a Inspector Waging
War on Tuberculotis.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 3.— Veterinary
Inspector Spencer has established a
slaughter-house on the Edwards ranch on
Coyote Creek, near the foot of Taylor
! street, where he will kill all cattle found
to be suffering from tuberculosis. To
prevent a spread of the germs each car
j cas will be cut into strips and steamed
until it is certain all the tuberculosis
germs have been killed, after which the
refuse will be used for fertilizing purposes.
Dr. Spencer destroyed ten cows to-day,
all of which were badly diseased. He
still has twenty-six head on hand.
but* for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. B.— Jaana Ber
nnl de Garcia to-day commenced suit
against Alberto Garcia for divorce on the
ground of desertion. They were married
at New Almaden on February 13, 1887.
Garcia was employed in the mines, and he
provided his wife with a good home until
June 1. 1891, when he suddenly deserted
her. There are no children and no com
munity property. The plaintiff wants $15
per month alimony. Bernal is now a resi
dent of Madera, where he conducts a sa
loon and dance ball.
_ ♦
Hebrew Congregation Officer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal v Aug. 3.— The Hebrew
congregation of this city has elected the
following officers for the ensuing year:
President, P. S. Hirsch; vice-president, L.
Hart; secretary, S. N. Stern; treasurer, E.
Witkowsky; trustees— L. Linoberg. G. W.
Alexander and William Osterman. M.
Blumenthal, A. J. Hart and J. E. Harris
were elected trustees of Home of Peaco
Cemetery Association.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
Ci.rßß.
Won. I
iron. I Lost L™.
Cincinnati 4
Baltimore^ /
Cleveland /.....
Chicago
Pittsburg. .. t ..
Boston ■
.Brooklyn
Philadelphia
Washington.....
New Y0rte... ■...».'.■....-;.".;..'....
St. L0ui5...........
Louisville ;. ......
62 29 .6HI
67 27 .678
56 31 .643
53 39 .687
47 39 .546
46 8l» . .641
39 46 .453
39 47 .463
34 48 .414
36 Ml .411
28 60 .818
21 62 .263
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 3.— The Washing
ton* received their sixth ihutout of the season
to-day. Saturday they were defeated, 7to 0,
and to-day's score was the same. Aside from
Hemming's pitching the fielding of Brodio
was the feature. Attendance 2700. Score:
Washlngtons 0,5 3; Baltimores 7,10,0. Bat
teries—Me James and McGuire; Hemming and
Clark. Umpire— Sneridan.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 3.— Boston made it
three straight to-day in another pitchers'
game. Both Stive ttt and Gumoert got good
support. Attendance 1222. Score: Bostons
4, 9, 2; Philadelphias 3, 6, O. Batteries—
Stivetts and Ganzel; Gumbert and Clements.
Umpire — Lynch.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 3.— Terrific batting
by the reorganized New Yorks proved tne
cause of Brooklyn's downfall at Eastern Park
to-day. Beckley and Joyce did the bulk of the
hitting, ably assisted by Tiernan. Kennedy
was knocked out of the box in the second
inning and Daub, who succeeded him, was hit
freely. Attendance 3000. Score: Brooklyns
6, 9, 2; New Yorks 10, 16, 0. Batteries— Daub
and Grim; Sullivan and Warner. Umpire-
Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3.— Chicago- Cleveland,
no game.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 3.— Clnclnnati-St.
Louis, no same.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 3. — Lonlsvillo
knocked Hawley ana Hugheyout of the box
to-day, butFrazer's wildness gave the game to
Pittsburg. Donovan was put out of the game
i for kicking. Attendance 1000. Score: Louis
! villes 10, 14, 4; Pittsburgs 11, 14, 4. Batter
ies—Frazer, Friend and Miller; Hawley,
Hughey, Killen and Merritt. Umpire— Betts.
TENNIS FOR THE NORWOOD CUP.
Crack Player* Who Will Contest in the
A'ationnl Meeting.
WEST END, Long Branch, N. V., Aug.
3. — There was a large crowd at the open
ing of the Norwood Park tennis tourna
ment to-day. This tournament, coming
[ so soon as it does before the National ten
nis meeting at Newport, is considered of
great importance in sizing up the promi
nent players. This year seven of the lead
j ing cracks of the country will compete for
the Norwood cup. The entries are: W.
0. Lamed; R. D. Wrenn, ex-champion of
the United Slates; Carl Neel, champion
of the Western States; E. P. Fischer,
Tuxedo champion; Richard Btevena, the
well-known St. George Club player; J. F.
Talmage Jr., the old Yale crack, and G. L.
Wrenn, brotb.tr of the ex-cbamnion. Each
player will meet all the others during the
course of the tournament and the man
who wins the most games secures the Nor
wood cup for the year.
To-day there were only three contes
tents. Neel deteated Talmage in straight
sets, while "Bob" Wrenn took a well
earned victory from Stevens. The other
match was between Fischer and G. R.
Wrenn, and was left unfinished, on ac
count of darkness, with the score two
sets all. The score:
Carl Neel, Chicago, boat J. F. Talmage Jr.,
Brooklyn, 6—3, 6—l, 6—o.
R. D. wrenn, New York, beat Richard
Stevens, Hnboken,6— 2, 6—4, 6—3.
E. P. Fischer, New York, against G. L. Wrenn,
Chicago, 6-4, 6-6, 5-7, 6-4.
CYCLE RECORDS LOWERED.
Great Work of Bald, Banger and Eddy
at Orand Rapid*.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Aug. 3.—
About 3000 people greeted Bald and San
der as they appeared on the new Athletic
Park bicycle track to-day. Bald went a
half-mile, paced by a triplet manned by L.
C. Johnson of Cleveland, J. T, Esperson
and G. D. Grant of Detroit, making the
distance in :53 4-5, lowering the State
record, held by Holmes of Kalamazoo,
one second.
In the two-thirds mile, professional,
W. C. Sanger, by winning the race in
1:25 1-5, tied the world's competition rec
ord for that distance made by Tom Cooper
at Cincinnati.
H. D. Eddy, paced by a triplet, went for
the State record of a third of a mile, mak
ing it in :325 1-5, lowering the record three
seconds.
The two-mile tandem was a loaf all the
way, and will be run over to-morrow.
The two-mile handicap w«s won by H.
Pelton of Grand Rapids in 5:22.
•— ♦ — «
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 16 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
TAXES INCREASED.
State Equalizers Add to
the Assessment on the
Railway.
PLACED AT $16,573,334.
Slight Raise Over the Original
Figures Submitted to the
Board.
BEDUOTIOHS ON FOUR ROADS.
No Change Mide on tbe Pullman
or Atlantic and Pacific
Property.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Aug. 3.-The
labors of the State Board of Equalization
as far as they appertain to the railroads of
the State were completed at noon to-day.
The Southern Pacific's assessment was
OS AGE INDIAN MAIDENS WHO WERE AT YESTERDAY'S MEETING.
raised from 116,250,000 to $16,973,334, an
increase of $323,334, and despite the
prophecies of the knowing ones the assess
ments of four other roads were reduced
materially, yet not to such an extent as to
offset the raise in the Southern Pacific by
over $150,000.
The Ban Francisco and San Mateo elec
tric road was reduced from $150,000 to
$120,000; the Pacific Coast Kail way Com
pany obtained a reduction of $70 50; the
Gaulala River Company a reduction of
$10,000; and the Bouth Pacific Coast, for
merly assessed at $1,300,000, was reduced to
$1,153,920, a $146,000 decrease on the valua
tion from last year's assessment.
The other roads remain unchanged, as
does the rolling stock of the Pullman
Palace Car Company and the Atlantic and
Pacific Company.
WAGES FOR TYPESETTERS
Governor Budd Inquires Into
State Printing Olfice
Methods.
Demands the Appointment of an Ex
pert to Audit Books and
Bills.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Ang. 3.— ln re
sponse to a message, State Printer John
son appeared before the State Board of
Examiners to-day and was questioned by
Governor Budd, who declares it to be his
intention to make a thorough examina
tion into the methods employed in con
ducting the birthplace of school book* and
official State document*. State Printer
Johnson declares that investigation can
not take place any too soon or b« con
ducted in any too searching a manner to
suit him. The first question to which the
Governor required an answer was:
"How comes it that the board received
a claim for a foreman's salary when the
entire plant was closed?"
Mr. Johnson said that the office was never
entirely closed, some of the men wonting
right along, and in a few cases where men
had worked heavy overtime under press
of work it was customary to allow them
wages during a vacation to reimburse
them. Governor Budd then stated that
he desired an expert appointed to go over
the bills of the office, and to perform that
duty he favored Mr. Harrison. He also
declared that he would sign no more bills
until they had been experted.
"Is it not a fact," asked Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald, "that this matter has
been under investigation and that Secre
tary Markley has been approving these
I bills right along without objection, and
that no flaws have been pointed out to
me?"
"I wrote to you about it," retorted the
Governor, "and I also spoke about an ex
pert."
"But you did not tell me that you sus
pected anything or anybody," answered
the Attorney-General.
"It is the system I am afraid of," 6aid
the Governor, "not Mr. Johnson. He has
to rely upon the statement of his fore
men, who are not required to certify under
oath, and they may be deceiving him. I
claim that the printing should not cost
more than it would to have It done by out
side parties, and I want Mr. Harrison ap
pointed as expert. Now, here's the claim
of Mr. Funston. He has not been work
ing."
"Mr. Funston keeps check on the booK
binding employes," explained Mr. John
son. \ "He has been sick, but was allowed
his wa|;M.".i - ;; ' ' - '■■■■'-
"Why? 'demanded Fitzgerald.
. "Because he worked overtime during the
session of the Legislature," answered Mr.
Johnson. : . . .
• "Well, here are a list of eight employes
who have been paid for sixteen days while
the State printing office was closed," said
the Governor.
"Well, the practice of taking a vacation
is common in all civil offices," remarked
Fitzgerald.
"I don't care whether it is or not," re
torted , the Governor. "When a man
comes in and swears that services were
rendered on the dates and in the manner
named in the bill, when they were not, the
system should be revised, as much for Mr.
Johnson's protection as anything else. If
the State of California cannot, pay $50 to
have claims examined it cannot get me to
pass them, that's all." : - --s '*
"Well, I presume that .with these excep
tions the bills approved are all right;
are they not?" asked Fitzgerald.
"That's what I propose to find out,"
remarked Governor Budd. "Mr. Johnson
has a big office and I want it so regulated
that it will be impossible for his foremen
to deceive him should they so desire."
"Who Is this Harrison?" asked Fitz
gerald, turning to Johnson.
"He is an expert printer and a 'square'
man." answered Johnson.
"Has he any feeling against you or your
office?" . :
"Well, I believe he has a political feel
ing. He is a Democrat," said Johnson. .
"That's his misfortune," said Fitzger
ald. .
"And I think It's his glory," interrupted
the Governor. .
After considerable discussion on various
employes' claims Mr. Johnson said:
• "If you prefer another system I will
gladly adopt it. My predecessors have
always used this one and, I am sure, to
good advantage. Some pieoework has to
be paid for double."
Then the Governor turned to Fitzgerald
and said: "We agreed to appoint an ex
pert and Mr Ely, who gave me the infor
mation that the office was closed for six
teen days, was three days later dis
charged."
"He was discharged for good cause," in
terrupted Johnson, "and has written reas
ons stating why he was discharged, and it
was for no such reason as you intimate."
"The reason you pave waa incorupe
tency," said the Governor, "and he is as
good a workman as thers is in the State."
"Mr. Rodgers, who gave him his dis
charge, will be glad to show you some of
the work he has done," said Johnson.
"I have known him for years," replied
the Governor. "He was a compositor in
the Stockton Mail office, and while I can't
help his discharge, I don't feel right that
it should be caused simply because he an
swered my questions."
"We asked the resignation of the former
printing expert," said Fitzgerald, "because
he bad nothing to do, What do you want
with another?"
"Yes; but since that time we have had
several cases before the board which
clearly demonstrated that there should be
an expert to pass on supplies for the print
ing office."
And then the matter wa* postponed till
to-morrow, as were the charges against trie
Yountville Boldiers' Home.
Swnubera Go** Frse.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. B.—Gov
ernor Budd this morning denied the ap
plication for the requisition of C. 0. Swan
berjc, charged with perjury in the estate
of Louis Corriveau. The Governor held
that the complaint was insufficient and
that in his judgment there was no possi
bility of a conviction on the charge.
Chief Crowley wired to the police au
thorities at Chicago last evening that the
requisition had been refused and to re
lease Swanberg from custody.
Tyndall Pay* a Fine.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Aug. 3.— J. Mc-
Ivor Tyndall, the so-called, mind-reader,
was fined $5 in the Police Court to-day for
fast driving during one of his tests last
night. Tyndall pleaded guilty, but stated
that he was unconscious of wrongdoing,
as he was governed by the subjects with
whom he was experimenting.
Santa Clara Convent Change.
SANTA CLARA, Cal., Aug. 3.— Sister
Angela Maria was installed as superioress
of the Notre Dame Convent yesterday.
Sister Beatrix, the retiring superioress,
who had held the office for twenty years,
was compelled to retire on account of her
advanced age and infirmities. She will
take up her home in the convent in this
city.
Will Picnic at Snnta Monica.
BANTA MONICA. Cal., Ang. 3.— The
American Protective Association will hold
a basket picnic at Ocean Park here on
Saturday, at which President Hudelson
will speak. It i 8 expected that about 3000
will attend. Special trains will be run
from surrounding towns.
Santa Monica Suicide.
BANTA MONICA, Oal., Aug. 3.— Henry
Keehn, the inmate of tht Soldiers' Home
who cut his throat with a razor on Satur
day last, died last night. He will be
buried at Evergreen Cemetery, Los An
geles, to-morrow.
I Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
LO, THE INDIAN,
AND HIS FRIENDS.
Annual Institute of Indian
Teachers in Session
Here.
DR. HAILMAN'S ADDRESS
Prominent Indian Educators
From All Over the
Country.
BABCCCK AND BLACK SPEAK.
The First Meeting of the Kind Ever
Held Here— lt Will Continue
Till Friday.
The third annual institute of teachers of
United States Indian schools and the first
session of the institute in San Francisco
opened Jast night in the assembly-room of
the Girls' High School at Geary and Scott
streets. A fair-sized audience displayed
much interest in the exercises, occasion
ally applauding the sentiments ottered by
the speakers.
E. E. L. Newbern, connected with the
4fuyallup Indian reservation school, near
Tacoma, Wash., stated that nearly every
Indian school and reservation vest of the
Rocky Mountains was represented either
in person by its teacher or by proxy In
some other teacher.
The main object of the institute is to
consider how to teach the Indian to be
civilized and how best to do it. In the
audience were a number of Indians, in
cluding three very intelligent young In
dian ladies.
Dr. R. E. L. Newbern officiated as chair
man of the evening. Among tue distin
guished visitors on the platform were:
Dr. W. N. Hailman of Washington, D. C,
general superintendent of United States
Indian Schools; the three United States
Indian Supervisors — Moss, Mead and
Rakestraw; Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster, presi
dent of the California Branch of the
Woman's National Indian Association;
State Superintendent of Instruction Black,
G. M. Irwin, Superintendent of Public In
struction of Oregon; Superintendent of
City Schools Madison Babcock.
Superintendent Babcock delivered the
address of welcome.
Stale Superintendent Blaok in his ad
dress said that thA whites obtained this
country not from England, but from the
aborigines. No work of the Government
was doing more for civilization and hu
manity than the Indian Department, and
he expressed a hearty welcome to the insti
tute in behalf of California, laying the
hearts of the peoplt of California are al
ways warm.
The response to the addresses of wel
come was made by Dr. Hailman. He said:
"The Indians are as much the wards of the
State as of the Great Fataer. I hope the
Indian wards will be taken out of the
hands of the Great Father and cared for
by the several States as soon aa possible.
"You know their need much better than
we. Bat still, as yet, we are strangers in
the land in which they were born. The
only way to teach them citizenship is to
teach them citizenship in practice. We
are trying to teach our Indians under con
ditions that do not promote rinlization.
His bravery, his courage are unquestioned ;
his devotion to duty is a lesson to each
one of us. His heart is as tender as ours.
We can learn much from the Indian in
thinsrs great. To civilize them in dress is
not enough; we must civilize them from
within."
Hon. J. M. Irwin, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction of Oregon, said in
his address:
"This is one of the most important
questions that confronts us. Thirty years
aeo it was found necessary to surround
the Indian with a certain kind of environ-
ment — a military environment. Now the
question is not so much how to protect
the white man, but to give the Indian
the advantages of the white man;
how to make a citizen of him. The United
States in order to preserve its existence
must educate its people and moralize its
people. The United States in general and
eacn State in particular should bear in
mind those two things.
••It is the duty of this Government to
absorb the body of red men on this coast
and make them a part of us, instead of
surrounding them with the environment
of tbe Government. We have legislated
as though they were a foreign people and
not as a people that belong to us. The
red man has a right to go to a saloon and
get as drunk as a wbite man, but he has
no right to citizenship 1 I hare seen black
face?, yellow faces and white faces in
school in Portland, but I never saw there
a red face. The red boys are as capable to
learn as tbe yellow, black and many white
faces. Why not admit them to our pub
lic schools?"
This concluded tne speech- making. This
morning at 9 o'clock and this afternoon at
HEW TO-DAY.
"R^dLetter^ays"
Thirteenth Sale.
How do you suppose we lived through
twelve "Red Letter Day" sales if the furniture
we sold wasn't right in quality ? It is right.
People who have been to "Red Letter" sales
know it is right. People who don't know
have our welcome to come and find out.
As to prices, won't you call at the store and
see for yourself? Or, watch the papers;
we'll mention a few items each day*
. . . — - —
Bookcases— If all book- 1 Parlor Parlor
yen cases were j .Tahi^c 554 Tables —
* 4 - 5 0 alike, this . la " Vi e - enough and
Or More. one at $14 Instead Of $7 to spare.
ft^xityv,-^ wouldn't be re- , 4&k
BB^x^'-.Sp*! markable ; but 3jT
E-^&tbli ! look at the «sr — i ■wTTfrm-i' f4->^
frSPf St Orn f ament a l jKP^rif^
fl ' fi' [I • Ornamental \fjf ffi g
If, | ! I top, bric-a-brac fJ^N^j^Aj,
I 1; I SSjj I I shelves and \j XJ VO
'11 If liSt.ifijjL beveled French N N VVj
li| Jjffiiisiil plate mirror to $) \j k 8
.SgSpBBWm-ake your J |^fsgagsJa
pretty things look double. w !f~~hF^- 1 t!^H
$14 for "Red Letter; •— . —^T^ ■• .. ~ "flf*.
Days " — marked down, of '". ~ "*" •* iri ' ' r
course Like — twisted legs,
course • ■» • • *v» » ■» * «♦ *
j brass griffin-head feet, two
Antique oak or mahogany ; shelves underneath, mahog-
— your choice. ■ ' any finish, well polished, $4.
Reductions— We can't show pictures of
Here and everything; haven't room
There. — nor the pictures.
Here's some figures — won't you call at
the store and see the furniture ?
Sideboard, oak — $85, was $170.
Buffet, oak — $62.50, was $125.
Library Table, oak — was $130.
Dining Table, mahogany — $62.50, was $125; ,
Rosewood Parlor Cabinet — $137.50, was $275.
To-day — then 4 more — that's all.
California
%h/GJLsI 1 lv/ 1 11 id
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole &Co., : carpete,
117-121 Geary Street. - . ££«&,,,.
HAPPY DAYS
Are in Store for the Unfortunate of
San Francisco.
The Great Specialist, Doctor H. Cook, Is Now Per-
manently Established in Their
Very Midst.
There are not many communities where- r
in the afflicted are so particularly fortu-
nate as they are here in San Francisco.
They need not suffer unless they choose
to do so. There is help for them.
The great American specialist, Doctor
H. Cook, the glory of whose fame is spoken
of in France, Germany and other European
countries, is now a practitioner in oar
midst. He is here in Ban Francisco— here
to stay. This is bis adopted home. He
2 o'clock business meetings of the Insti
tute will be held in the Board of Educa
tion rooms in the City Hall. The full
programme for the day is as follows: .
Tuesday August 4. morn ng session, 9 A. m.
-"Industrie* of California Indian*" (twenty
minutes each), Captftiu W. E. Dougherty, act
in* agent, v Hoopa Valley agency, Cal. ; Lieu
tenant Thomas Connolly, acting agent, Round
Valley agency, Cal. "Industries of Wash
ington Indians" (twenty minues each), Daniel
C Govan asent. Tulalip agency, Wash.;
Dr RE' L. Newberne, Superintendent Puy
allup School, Wash. ; "Present Status of
"&>ui d Vafley (Cal.) Indians", (twenty min
ntertTM!« Alice Wand. seamstrHi, ftouna
Valley School, Cal. "The Moquis' (twenty
minutes) Ralph »P. Collins, Superintendent
KeSms Canyon School, Aria. Evening session.
8 o"clock-"£Jelf-Help Among Indians" (thirty
minutes each). Edward Ament, Superintendent
Gree"vilfe School, Cal.. and Harwood Hall,
Superintendent Pncenix School. Ariz.
The institute will continue until Friday.
has made investments here, as shown by
the official records in the County Record-
er's office, and his future, which will be
no less glorious than his past, will be
given over to suffering humanity here and
throughout tne Western United States.
Although it is only recently that Doctor
Cook has offered his valuable services to
the San Francisco public, he does not have
to build up a name for himself. That ia
already firmly established and is world
wide. His fame preceded him. He there-
fore found an immense practice awaiting
him, and his offices at 885 Market street
are daily thronged with the unfortunate,
who come to him, their star of hope, for
help.
What ia more, they do not go away disap-
pointed. They feel satisfied that they hare
consulted not only a great physician whose
main motive in life is to cheer and com-
fort the sick and suffering, but that they
have met & gentleman as well — an honest,
upright, conscientious man who would not
stoop to a mean or disreputable act.
Those ailing will do well to see the Doc-
tor at once. Write if you cannot call, as
his system of mail treatment is absolutely
perfect and always satisfactory. His ad-
dress is 868 Market street, opposite Powell,
San Francisco, Oal.HOW BRYAN'S FREE TRADE HAS INJURED AMERICAN LUMBER.
There has been widespread interest in
Thk Call's recent exposure of the free
trade fallacies of Democracy, and of
"William Jennings Bryan in particular.
On the Wool Exchange a few days ago
every dealer but one in a company of
nearly a hundred representative business
men indorsed The Call's articles showing
that CleveSandism has killed the sheep
growing interests of America. There is
equal interest in the present series of
articles on lumber, which show what a
blight bas followed in the path of Bryan
ism as applied to the lumber industry.
Those who have been interested in
studying the disaster and general ruin
wrought by free trade in the wool and
lumber industries of the United States,
and particularly on the Pacific Coast, will
be pleased to read further on the subject
and study the history of the destruction of
the lumber industry more in detail than
appeared in the first article on the subject,
was published in yesterday's Call.
1 1 was the immortal Lord Bacon, founder
of tne inductive method of reasoning, who
first taugnt the world to reserve conclu
sions until a thorough examination of
facts. The student of the times, the man
anxious to know why things are as they
are, should keep clear of the dreamy rhet
oric of Bryan and study the facts of every
day life. These facts are not to be found
in the mouthings of politicians and the
ravings of eccentric pamphleteers, but they
are in the reports made in cool blood by
men of affairs.
One of the strongest points in favor of
the position of McKinley and . the Repub
lican party as against the sophistries of
Democracy and Bryan was made by the
Pacific Pine Lumber Company of San
Francisco in a recent reply to the Com
mittee on Ways and Means of the United
States Senate, then engaged in inquiring
into the condition of various industries as
affected by the tariff. Among other things
the company said:
To the Honorable Ways and Means Committee
of the House of Representatives, Washington,
D. ('.—Gentlemen-: The lumber trade of the
Pacific Coast engaged in the manufacture of
Douglas Fir (commonly termed Oregon pine),
6pruce and cedar lumber, noting per newspa
per publication and otherwise, the disposition
of your honorable committee to place lumber
OH the free list in the proposed modificution of
the tariff, view such possibility with the grav
en apprehension, and this company having
taken an active interest in this question in
ISBS, is requested to submit to your honorable
committee the condition?: of the lumber trade,
and the effect of such action, with especial re
gard to the situation on mis coast arm its re
lation to British Columbia, on the north.
In such direction it premises by assuming
that the only justification that can be alleged
for removing the duty on lumber is, either a
limited supply within the territory of the
United States (and accessible to its people), or
a possibility that the present standing timber
may, in holdings, be concentrated in the
hands of a few, with the effect of unfairly
raising the prices to the consumer. In refuta
tion of such allegations, it would respectfully
fcubmit that the most casual investigation will
determine the non-existence of the tirst as a
fact, or the second as a potentiality.
■ A fow years ago the first of the above-named
positions had emphasis from the very great in
roads made upon the standing timber of the
northern frontier of the United States, with
the coincident apprehension that the continu-
BUGKLEYITES GO
FOR THEIR ENEMIES
Broderick, Creswell and
Block Are Personally
Denounced
FOR AIDING THE JUNTA
The General Committee Does Not
Want Any Local Fusion
With Populists.
ARE IN THE FIGHT TO STAY
State Chairman Alford Names More
Committees and Ben Maddoz
for Secretary.
The General County Committee of the
Buckley Democracy held a big and a
warm meeting last evening, at which,
with unanimous enthusiasm, they de
nounced, kicked, roasted and otherwise
punished City and County Attorney Cres
well. Auditor Broderick and Treasurer
Block for their unnecessary action in
formally recognizing the Rainey faction
of tbe Democracy— the Juuta— as the reg
ular one.
As these officials are understood to be
candidates for the same offices for another
two years, tne hostility of the big end of
the Democracy tends to complicate their
chances.
This was the first of the regular weekly
meetings of the entire general committee,
which will occur on Monday evenings.
Th« committee met in the large hall
attached to the attractive and quite, ex
tensive new headquarters of the organiza
tion at 20 and 24 Ellis street. Flags and
bunting liberally drape the hall.
There were 275 members present at roll
call and many more came in later as
Chairman Joseph Rothschild announced.
W. J. Fitzgerald offered a resolution
authorizing the chairman to appoint a
committee of seven "which shall have
lull power to act in the matter of fusing
with the People's party of fean Francisco
in the coining campaign,"
But the committee did not take kindly
to the idea of fusion with the Populists ih
tiie local campaign and it was headed orf
by Thomas Egan, who offered as a substi
tate a resolution denouncing the Election
Commissioners and calling for fusion in
tlie matter of getting a share of the elec
tion officers only. Egan's resolution was
as follows:
Whereas, Under the act through which they
hold a^ Election Commissioners, to wit, "An
ai t i«. reguiate the registration of voters and
to secure the purity of elections in the City
and County of San Francisco." the following
language is used: "Section. 12. • • • fro-
Tided, that in selecting election officers the
Commissioners shall take care to select as
nearly as possible an equal number of persons
of opposite political faith and opinion to serve
at each precinct," which we hereby declare
they have not done; for we are not unmindful
that in November, 1894, at the last general
election, 54,135 votes were cast for members
of Congress in the Fourth and Fifth Congres
sional districts in this City with the Demo
cratic, Republican, Prohibition and People's
party, as the regular organization under sec
tion' 1186 of the Political Code, and
that in said Congressional district in this
City the People's party polled 10,
-274, or one-fiftn of these votes, yet were
J\ Protective Tariff Is Shown to Be the Only Defense
Lumbermen .Have Against Low Prices and
Foreign Pauperism.
ance in the ratio then existing would very
soon leave the country without a source of
supply within its own borders. So wedded
was the main cousumiug class to the use of the
principal product of said section that for a
time no source of supply was deemed avail
able except that existing in Canada, contigu
ous thereto; hence a temporary leaning to
wards the abrogation of duty on white pine in
order that such supply might be available.
The trend of sentiment in that direction was,
however, of short life; the vast areas of yel
low pines in the Southern States attracted
marked attention, aud the liberal investment
of capital led to a phenomenal development of
the lumber industry in that section, supple
mented by so great an activity in the intro
duction of its products in the territory previ
ously the domain of white pine that to-day
the substitution is so fully accepted that any
reliance upon Canadian timber is absolutely
unnecessary, with the further certain effect
that should the same find entry to displace the
Southern product it would be a deathblow to
this industry that in the past five years has so
greatly eularged the taxable values of that sec
tion.
Additionally to the "entree" of the Southern
products of the Middle West of the United
States is a growing shipment trade by rail
from the Pacific Coast, increasing yearly and
to coutinue increasing hereafter, provided the
exclusion of the products of our Northern
neighbors is maintained and should the old
Northwest be entirely denuded of her timber
the new Northwest of the Pacific Coast jointly
with the Southern States from their vast areas
of virgin timoer (as aflirmed by the forestry
reports of the Interior Department) positively
guarantees for generations a full supply for
the Nation within its territorial limits.
The question of supply for the future being
so well established from said sources and as
suming that the same excess-producing
capacity exists in the Southern States in re
lation to consumption that is a condition on
the Pacific Coast (where such capacity is
nearly three times the consumption) the com
petition thereby engendered becomes a cer
tain assurance of low prices to consumers and
it is indeed difficult to imagine any grounds
whatsoever for opening the markets of the
United States to foreign lumber.
Thus far this presentation may be deemed as
applying to the country at large; there are,
however, conditions existing on this coast that
further appeal to the consideration of your
honorable committee. We refer to methods of
transportation and the advantages to the mill
owner in British Columbia growing out of
the protective tendencies of its Government.
The shipping ports ol British Columbia are
adjacent to those on the American side and
no farther distant from points ot consumption,
whether the shipments are by the way of the
Pacific Ocean to domestic coast ports or by
rail to the Eastern States. The American mill
owner ib by the laws of the Nation com
pelled to use in the coasting trade tonnage of
American register exclusively, while if our
domestic markets are opened to the mills of
British Columbia without restriction the own
ers on that side would have the choice of all
flags in their carriers, thus to all intents and
purposes interjecting foreign bottoms into tne
recently denied, as was this Democratic
general" committee, a fair representation in the
registration boards to protect the just rights
01 the rank and file of Democracy and the
joint rights of all electors favoring the free
coinage of silver, the issue in the approaching
campaign, and we here deny the "Junta,"
with Messrs. Creswell, Broderick and Block,
I are now or ever have been true to the cause of
silver; therefore
Resolved, That we aenounce Messrs. Cres
well, Broderick and Block individually and as
Commissioners for their actions and express
regret that our work and votes were wasted in
placing such political sycophants in the offices
they disgrace— false to their oaths of office and
false to their friends.
Whereas, Harry T. Creswell, William Brod
erick and James N. Block, the majority asid
Democratic members of the Board ot Election
Commissioners ot the City aud County 01 San
Francisco, be.ing the City and County Attor
ney, Auditor and Tax Collector respectively of
San Francisco, nominated and elected on the
Democratic ticket by and through the manage
ment and work of the General Committee 01 the
Democratic party, acting under our constitu
tion and by-laws and pursuant to the authority
confirmed to this regular General Committee
aud its predecessors underpaid constitution
by the ballot reform law of this State; and
whereas, said Creswell, Broderick and Block,
forgetful of tbeirduties to the authority which
created them and of the General Committee of
which they were members at the several
stages of the Democratic General Committee
existence under the printed constitution and
by-laws to which they respectively sub
scribed, having deserted their former friends
which through thi9 regular orpauization rep
resents 90 per cent ol the regular Democratic
votes in this City for a rump organization of
seceders called the "Junta" Democratic Com
mittee, and as its name implies "a select coun
cil of a few" conspiring and intriguing with
its smHil circle of outside goldbng manipula
tors to place in the hands of said conspirators
and their followers, which at most amounts to
but 10 per cent of the Democratic party of San
Francisco, the election machinery of the City
lor the purpose of carrying out their sinister
designs.
Resolved, That a committee of one from each
Assembly district be appointed by the chair to
confer with oil political parties -who favor the
free and unlimited coinage of silver in this
year of fusion, and with them devise some
feasible and just plan that will enable all
voters favoring free coinage of silver to protect
electors in the matter of precinct registration
of voters and secure the purity of elections
where rights are in danger, and that said com
mittee be and hereby is vested with plenary
powers in the premises.
T. J. Gallagher said the only word of
forbearance with the Election Commis
sioners that was uttered.
"We'il have all we can do to win witn
out making any further enemies," he said,
and he moved to table the denouncing
parts of the resolutions.
P. A. Dolan, who a] way has a shiilalab
ready, objected to striking out anything.
"I favor mentioning every old goldbug
and barnacle in the Junta. [Much ap
plause.] McNab, Pond and tnose fellows
are traiiors to the good old ship. I'm op
posed to fusing with the Populist 3, too,
and I movfi that a committee beappointed
to see if they are composed of A. P. A.' s
or what not."
W. F. Humphreys was one of several
who denounced tne Election Commis
sioners for turning their backs on those
who put them in office.
"When they see tit to cast their fortunes
with an organization hostile to us it is time
we ncterl on the defensive," he declared.
"If they slap us and we don't resent it we
onu'ht to close-up shop."
C. W. Pope said that they had turned
their backs on the men that "elected them
and they were no longer Democrats.
"bet us help our friends and damn our
enemies," said Pope
"The Democratic See Yups, or hatchet
men of the Juuta," said Fitzgerald, "are
saying that we can't get on the ticket.
Now by fusing with the Populists we can
get on the ballot sure and beat the-m five
to one."
The motion to strike out any denuncia
tion got 3 ayes and a tremendous roar of
noes, w.'.ich was followed by a cheer.
P. F. Dundon opposed iusion and then
Egan's resolutions were carrried as read,
as a substitute for Fitzgerald's.
M. J. Donovan, chairman of the execu
tive committee, reported that there would
be additional enrollment for the coming
primaries on the 13fh, 14th and 15th.
Smith of the Forty-first thought that
those big quarters were incomplete with
out a place to buy "soda water," but his
motion to provide "a little place" to buy
drinks was ruled out of order.
Mr. Humphreys got some applause by
reporting for the absent treasurer, Sam
Newman, that Christian Reis, the treas
urer of the old committee, had at last
turned over to him that balance oi $200,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
coasting trade, though technically the voyage
is from a foreign port.
Analogous conditions exist in the relation of
the lumber manufacturers and shippers of
Maine to those of the provinces east of that
State, while the markets of the Middle West
and Eastern States, that the Pacific Coast man
ufacturers are now cultivating, would be di
vided with British Columbia, and the ship
ments to points closest to destination on the
Canadian border be made over a foreign rail
road, built and subsidized by foreign capital
(paralleling competing roads on the American
side), to the exclusion of traffic desired by and
due to the transcontinental roads in the United
States.
Again, the stimulation of the lumber indus
try on this coast is a great aid to the develop
ment of its merchant marine. During the de
pression in the shipbuilding industry in^other
part* of the United States such industry has
been fairly active on this coast, and its foster
ing is of more than local importance, inas
much as the majority of vessels of recent con
struction are carrying our flag to foreign ports,
where it has been hitherto almost unknown.
The effect of permitting foreign tonnage, built
and run at lower cost, to Invade the coasting
trade would be the same as upon American
deep-water shipping, now practically driven
from the seas, as also to effectually end as an
industry shipbuilding on this coast.
We most respectfully submit to your honor
able committee that the protective tendencies
of English governments to the north of us in
subsidizing railroads, steamship lines and
offering to industrial enterprises concessions
in the way of land, etc., and especially in the
system of rentals to mills at a nominal sum
per acre per annum of timber lands, by which
investment therein is avoided, is ot marked
advantage to the lumber industry on that side
as compared with the ruling rates of stump
age on the American side or the otherwise
necessity of large investments in timber lands
by purchase, the interest on which, with taxes,
etc., exceeds said rentals, unless the American
industry has maintained to it the present pro
tection, which it is feared your honorable
committee is about to disturb.
We further submit to your honorable com
mittee that the lumber trade of the United
States represents a larger investment nnd
affords labor to a greater number of employes
than any other single industry, while on the
Pacific Coast the ratio of both Investment and
employes, as applied to volume of business, is
far beyond that <bt other sections. Xo other
industry, not its outgrowth, except coal (which
is likewise menaced by the proposed tariff
changes), exists in the new Northwest In all
that area west of the Cascade Mountains; it in
creases the taxable wealth, gives employment
to hundreds of thousands, in mills, in woods,
and on land and sea ; its commerce and the
trade stimulated to supply the mechanical
wanteofits plants and tbe physical require
ments of the myriads depending upon it for a
livelihood has made populous magnificent
cities on tLe shores of Puget Sound, and It is
incredible that its destruction CP.n be consid
ered, when such destruction will be the inev
itable result of the abrogation of the tariff as
to this industry.
It is not to be expected that the lumber man
thereby recognizing |the legality of the
present committee.
♦ ■
MADDOX FOR SECRETARY.
Chairman Alford Makes Some
More Appoint
ments.
W. H. Alford, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, has made
further progress In the completion of the
State party machine by appointing one of
the secretaries and two more committees.
The secretary named is Ben M. Maddox
of Visalia, Democratic nominee for Secre
tary of State two years ago. Mr. Alford
is authorized to appoint two secretaries.
As far as he knows they will have equal
rank and co-ordinate powers.
The committee on speakers is as follows:
William Craig, San Francisco, chairman ;
John H. Grady and W. J. Brobeck, San
Francisco; John H. Rosseter, Oakland;
J. W. Cochrane, Marin.
The following is the literary committee:
John Markley, Sacramento, chairman; T.
Carl Spelling, M. M. Miller, Franklin K.
Lane, William P. Lawlor, Joseph Leggett,
San Francisco; John W. Mitchell, Los
Angeles.
The State Central Committee will hold
its next regular meeting next Saturday
afternoon. The advisory committee will
hold its first meeting next Thursday after
noon, and the legislative committee will
meet Saturday forenoon.
Cock-Fighter* in Court.
The cases of the eignteen men arrested Sun
day on the barge Yolo on the charge of pre
paring to carry on a cock-fight were called in
Judge Low's court yesterday morning. Al
White, B ■■ -n Johnson and Fred Johnson
pleaded gu.h; nnd were each fined $10. The
other fifteen > ; c represented by Attorney
Eddie Sweeney, Wiio asked for a continuance
till Saturday, which was granted. Only a few
of them were in court. An attempt was made
to suDstitute bonds for cash, hut the Judge re
fused to accept bonds.
Calls Him Incorrigible.
Mrs. Mary Winn of 20& Andover street, legal
guardian and actual stepmother of Albert and
John Winn, complains that the first named, a
boy of 14, is incorrigible, being given to pro
fanity and general bad conduct. The Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has
the case under .consideration.
ufacturers of this coast, with the accumula
tions of a lifetime in the balance and strug
gling against the disastrous effects of over
production and consequent competition of
late years, can view with complacency the
further jeopardy threatened by free trade,
but it is not alone in the menace to indi
ividual interests that this protect has empha
sis; pride of section prompts the inquiry:
What possible compensation can be offered for
this proposed disturbance? What gain to the
section, estate or Nation is expected in return
for the surrender of American markets to Brit
ish Columbia (that has no products to export
that this coast has not in surplus aud will have
in surplus for years to come) when such sur
render involves the certain obliteration of tax
able wealth created by this industry alone;
destroys the labor and trade of thousands,
transfers to alien ships and railroads the traffic
our own require, and even places the hand
ling of the trade at ports of consumption with
a non-resident class, who will not contribute a
dime to the revenues of the country, leaving
only to the American citizen the payment of
the bill?
Such a course would, indeed, be "giving to
those that have," since the lumber manufac
turers of British Columbia have "protection"
enough, from the paternalism of their own
Government, without like aid from that of the
United States; and against such aid, in any
form, the entire lumber trade of the Pacific
Coast, regardless of party affiliation, have now
and always to most emphatically protest.
The company has the honor, both in voicing
this protest and submitting same to your hon
orable committee, to subscribe itself on behalf
of its confreres, very respectfully yours,
Pacific Pine Lombee Company.
E. M. Hereick, President. »
The Buckley Lumber Company of Buck
ley, Wash., asks for a tariff as the remedy
for depression of business and idleness of
workingmen in the great lumber regions.
It is opposed to tne free-trade policy of the
Wilson bill, so ardently upheld by Wil
liam Jennings Bryan, and gives the fol
lowing reasons for the McKinley tariff as a
remedy forhard times:
"During the season of 1892 we ran very
little, for the reason that there was no de
mand for our output. Last season wab the
first that we have not run steadily.
"We think the old rate in the tariff act
of 1890 would be of greater benefit to us
than any other rate, for the reason that a
specific duty is preferable on lumber, a?
there would in that event be no object to
undervalue cargoes. Our reason for ask
ing a duty on lumber is that we are com
pelled to sell our products in competition
with lumber manufacturers in British Co
lumbia, who employ Chinese labor at less
than one-half what we have to pay white
labor. In many places about the mill and
logging camps a Chinaman will do as well
as a white man, and in the planing-mill
department they will do even better. By
employing Chinese lumber can be pro
duced from $1 to $1 50 per 1000 cheaper
ATTRACTIVE PLAYHOUSES.
Chauncey O.cott in the Beautiful
"Mavourneen" at the Cal
ifornia.
The Columbia, the Tivrfli, the Or
pluum and Other Places Offer
Pleasing Bills
Chauncey Olcott made his initial ap
pearance in this City in "Mavourneen" at
the California last evening. Many first
nighters were there, and curiosity was on
edge concerning Mr. Olcott, about whom
so much that is laudatory has been said.
He did not disappoint expectation. On
the contrary he grew constantly in favor
from the beginning until he was a prime
favorite with those who occupied the seats
when the curtain finally fell on the last
scene.
Mr. Olcott was visibly nervous when he
began. He has met with favor in the
East. He has been in California before,
singing with the Emerson minstrels. He
had never taken a title role or any role
here before last night. Something akin
CHAUNCEY OLCOTT.
to stage fright came over him. His recep
tion in the first act ought to have been and
was reassuring. A comparatively unim
portant song brought forth warm ap
plause.' His voice was sweet but unsatis
factory, but the applause warmed and
stimulated him. Subsequent songs
brought out the full volume of his voice,
and manifested the fact that his sympa
thetic iuanner and sweet voice have not
been overestimated in advance.
"Mavourneen" — the title being sug
gestive of Crouch's ballad of "Kathleen
Mavourneen" — is full of sentiment. The
scenes are all seemingly shaped up to
make opportunities for a ballad-singing
Irish troubadour. Such Mr. Olcott is— a
ballad singer who is so impressionable
and emotional that his mood is catching.
At the eva of the second act he wab called
before the curtain. He was not permitted
to go aloDg uninterruptedly witu his
than with white labor for rough lumber,
and from $2 to $3 per 1000 cheaper for
dressed lumber.
"The cost of manufacturing lumber in
Washington is 73 per cent of the entire
cost of output. This represents the wages
paid. If the product is reduced in value
15 per cent by taking the duty off that
will reduce the wages paid laboring men
to that extent. Common laborers, who
now get $1 75 a day, would then nave to
work for $1 50."
It requires little argument to convince
the simplest man that the Wilson bill,
idol of Bryan and ideal of pure Democ
racy, would soon force American 'laborers
out of employment or make them wear
queues and live like Chinese. Who Knows
best about these things— practical Amer
ican lumbermen or "boy orators" who in
dulge in the pyrotechnics of metaphor
and flowery speech? Herp are some more
solid facts from the Buckley Lumber
Company. They say that foreign pauper
labor, under free trade, ruins their indus
try. Their account runs as follows:
"We have but one course left open to ns
to meet free importation of lumber, and
that is to reduce our wages until we can
meet any and all competition or shut our
mill down.
'•We employ about sixty men; no women
or children. We pay common laborers
$175 to $2: skilled labor, from $2 50 to $6
per day.
"They work sixty hours per week.
"The character of foreign competing ar
ticles, lumber manufactured in British
Columbia; they are continually encroach
ing on our territory on this side of the
line, offering lumber for less than we can
produce it for at the present schedule of
wages."
How do these figures compare witn the
lurid prophecy of Bryan in his great Con
gressional speech in defense of the Wilson
bill? He maae a reputation as an orator
then by making the false and misleading
prophecy that free lumber and free wool
would cause general prosperity, result in
renewed activity of mills and an increase
in the wages of American employes. He
put himself on record without reservation
as the rankest of freetraders and made a
record by defending the doctrines of the
Cobden Club of England.
It may not be generally known that the
California redwoods, which nature has
protected by making them to grow in no
other country than here, are affected in a
disastrous way by the importation of for
eign pines. Why? Because they feel the
fall of prices by sympathy.
When prices go away down, when the
market is ruined by the British Columbia
product, dealers in redwood must reduce
their prices, as pine is chosen in prefer
ence to the redwood.
A study of every phase of the problem
will show that nothing has done more
harm to the lumber industry than Cleve
landism, but Cleveland's tariff for revenue
ideas are mild indeed compared with the
wild free-trade sentiments of William Jen
nings Bryan of Nebraska. His policy
would destroy every factory in the land
and make American workingmen worse
than the serfs of England in the ages of
feudalism.
lines, for the audience speedily put him in
his proper place. They would rather hear
him sing than listen or watch the play at
large. No better ballad singing has been
heard in California in years.
Mr. Olcott was also very satisfactory as
the rollicking, manly, unaffected, affec
tionate and brave Irish lad, whom drama
tists like to portray. There are enough
scenes of daring and pathos to awaken the
enthusiasm of those who go to a play for
the sake of the sudden and unexpected.
The scenes are pleasing and well contrived
on the whole. The support was good.
Daniel Gilfether took the role of John
Dwyer, brottier of Terrence Dwyer, and
by his social position furnisned tiie neces
sary foil to set off the aspiring Terrence,
the humble Irish boy. Etta Baker Martin
was Lady Caroline Dwyer and Georgia
Busley was Lady May TyrrelL
The part of the designing villain was
taken by Paul Gilmore as Captain March
nnont, who wishes to marry Lady May
Tyrrell, but the lady prefers lerreuce. W.
H. Burton was the Abbe Malone, the tra
aitional stage priest. Two little children
furnished a pretty by-play. In the play are
a plot, an abduction, a rescue and the un
raveling of the plot. Incidentally there is
a real old-fashioned Irish jig, a minuet
and several quite striking positions.
Above all and leading all are the vocal
ebilities of Chauncey Olcott, who is a good
enougn actor to justify fully his favorite
title of "the singing comedian."
The play is wholesome in its teaching,
has pretty incidents and seemingly pos
sesses all the elements of lasting popu
larity.
The Columbia.
Whoever chose "A Gold Mine" as the comedy
in which to introduce Wilton Lackaye to the
Columbia patrous made an error.
Mr. Lackaye is no more fitted for the role of
Silas K. Woolcott than he would be for that oJ
"Black Cloud, the Terror of the Plains."
Mr. Lackaye is a sterling actor, whose-ability
none will gainsay, and last night he played the
leading part in ms usual careful ana painstak
ing manner, but he suffers in comparison with
a Westerner like Nat Goodwin.
Mr. Lackaye is unfortunate in having had
the role thrust upon him. Goodwin is tne
real Westerner, with the genuine Western
flavor. Lackaye is the New York imitation
who wouldn't go an Instant in a real mining
camp. For all tnat Mr. Lackaye did well and
fairly earned what applause he got.
As the Hon. Mrs. Thorndyke Meredith Mrs.
Boucicault was a revelation. She is a past mis
tress in the art of repartee, and her graceful
manner of grilling her unfortunate lover was
productive of much applause.
Of "A Gold Mine" it is unnecessary to say
anything. The comedy is too well" known
locally to need description. Of the artists, be
sides the two mentioned, only words of praise
may be spoken, except in the case of Frank
Worthing, who scarcely Knew his lines, and
stuck a dozen times or more. Miss Hops Ross
was as charming as usual; Miss Madge Carr
Cook was what she should be, while Maclyn
Arbuckle. George W. Leslie, Tyrone Power
and Wilson Enos played their parts in their
usual praiseworthy manner. Taken all in all,
the play as presented at the Columbia is well
worth seeing.
At the Baldwin,
"The Benefit of the Doubt," which was given
by Charles Frohman's Empire Company at the
Baldwin Theater last eveniug, is a pretty soci
ety piny, very natural and very smoothly
played, and was consequently a treat to the
large audience. The play hangs on the
unreasonable and realistic jealousy of a hand
some woman, wlio wildly commences a suit for
divorce, foolishly naminsr another young wife
who is madly iv love with her own husband
as corespondent. Of course the complications
of the story are interesting— often comic and
frequently touching.
The husbands of the two women are help
lessly tossed here and there by the wives, their
relatives and the divorce court. Annie Irish
as Mrs. Olive Allinpham, the jealous wife, is
excellent in that diffcult pun and in a perfect
running mate to William Fuversham, wlio
plays John Allinghnm.
One of the jolliest little scenes is where
Viola Allen as Theophila Fraser, tbe innocent
corespondent, a moment before cast down,
drinks a glass of champagne and throws off her
woe with her bonnet and becomes quite frisky
with her alleged partner iv guilt.
He knowing that his almost reconciled wife
is listening behind the curtain is in misery.
Finally the play closes with the reconciliation
complete. The piece will be given the rest of
the week.
At the Grand.
"The Danites" was splendidly staged and
well given at the Grand Opera-house last even
ing with James M. Brophy as Saudy McKee.
The old play is changed gomewhat from the
usual version, and the change is an
improvement. Fred J. Butler as Charles
Godfrey, called the "Parson," because he
_;_ _ __;^ THE EMPORIUM. ' THE EMPORITJM^
ffic Smfxfuum I
Leaders in Fashion— — 8
Lowest in Prices— — €
SAN FRANCISCO, August .4, 1806. 1
No Dullness Here— I
This is CHILDREN'S WEEK at the Big Department Store. J
We are fitting BOYS and GIRLS out for SCHOOL— 0
of them — with everything that they neod — Outer Clothing, f|
' Under Clothing, Hats, Shoes. Books, School Supplies. R
BOOKS WE are selling at COST. WE refused to sign »
the San Francisco Booksellers' combine to keep up the prices to -> §
the ; old standard, which is much higher than . the regular &
Eastern prices. j|
The other things, that are necessary WE are selling at a fair a]
p — Enough profit to satisfy us— But 15 per cent to 25 per <£
cent less than you have paid for similar goods at the beginning fly
of previous School Terms. |\
FIRST SHOWING
OF FALL DRESS
FABRICS.
The fall goods already begin-
ning to arrive. The EMPORIUM !
leads the procession. WE
make the first showing of nov-
elties for fall that is .made in
this city— a month earlier than
you are accustomed to being
served. The EMPORIUM—
leaders in style, price — leaders
in every way.
' This vanguard of the wonder-
ful Dress Goods stock that will
be shown here during the com-
ing season includes among the
many novel weaves :
Persian Broche.
Broche Velours.
Jacquard a Louis XIV. . ■;
;: Broche Monotone.
Matelasse d' Orient.
. ' Nouveaute a Jour,
fete a Negre. .. 'duC'u',--
-• Chap de Moutonet.
Satin Princess.
In the following shades :
Marie Louise. eAuhergine.
Mordore. "-. Souterelle.
HirondeUe. Gloire de Paris.
ESperance. Fauve.
. Elese.
These are high-art novelties, the
patterns exclusive with the EMPO-
RIUM.
Prices range from 50c a yard up.
9MBMMM
NEW GLOVES. 1
rhilrlrpn'^ The Glove section of
imraren s the EMPORIUM ac .
WOVeS. commodates as much
stock as is generally carried in two
ordinary stores. Every item of that
great stock selected with especial
care. So far no dissatisfaction on
the part of customers at the qualities
and prices of our Gloves, and if we
can prevent it there never shall be.
Here are some good things for chil-
dren :
At 24c a pair— Children's Silk Taf-
feta Gloves. Black, Browns, Tans
and White.
At 38c a pair— Children's All-Silk
Gloves, choice assortment of color-
ings, including several shades of
Brown, Tans, Reds, Modes,
Creams, White and Black.
At 98c a pair— Children's 4-Button
Real Kid Gloves— Perfection of fit
guaranteed— Brown, Tans, Reds,
White and Pearl. Extra care ex-
ercised in the making of these
Children's Gloves— worth $1.25,
forcB".
could outswear any man in the mining camp,
played this strong character well. The other
principal ports were filled by ilay Nannary,
us Billy Piper and Nancy Williams, and
Leslie Morosco, as Washee Washee, the China
man. -
At the Tivoli.
To call "I Pagliaccl" a success would seem
faint praise. The enthusiam shown at the
Tivoli last night at the opening presentation
transcended anything of the sort thus far seen
since the grand opera season commenced.
The applause was constant.
Owine to the shortness of the opera an or
chestral concert was given from 8 to 9 o'clock
under Mr. Hinrich'a direction. The pro
gramme opened with Nlcolai'* overture to
"Tne Merry Wives of
The rendering seemed to be perfect. The
ballet music from Gounod's "Faust," so sel
dom attempted in this part of the world, was
given with much airy grace and rythmic
leeling.
As for the opera, Miohelena was the star, and
no one attempted to share the honor with him.
His wild agony of despair, set to music which
sounds like one long cry of pain wrung from a
broken heart, was last night's triumph.
Nini Bertiui-Huraphreys makes a charming
Columbine and fills me exacting role very ac
ceptably. .
Raffael, as Silvio, the lover of a day and the
partner of his lady-love in death, earned the
api>lause which rewarded his every effort. The
scenic effects, not very elaborate in "I Pag
hacci," are harmonious and «ppropriate. The
opera will be repeated this evening.
At ihe Orphenm.
This week's bill is an unusually fine one,
being noticeable in particular for the widest
variety combined with a uniform standard of
excellence. Tne marimba players from An
tigua, Guatemala, who have delighted the
Orpheum's audiences in days past were seen
and heard by the patrons of the favorite place
of amusement last night again. Mrs. Lydia
Yeamans-Titus is a marvel. Another woman
who can sing, and sing like an angel, is the
rightly so-called "Black Pstti," Sissieretta
Jones. Her trilling is a wouder oi sweet, soft
naturalness.
The Vaidi sisters on their revolving electric
wheels perform a number of singularly grace
ful and intricate evolutions, while Biondi in
his "one-man opera" is as popular as ever.
The four Nelson sisters go through an acro
batic performance requiring the finest poise,
while Herr TeC how's cats and several other
fine specialties contribute to make up a rarely
interesting programme.
The Chutes.
Business at the Chutes la on the rush and
the new bill in the Casino has made a pro
nounced hit. There are a couple of very
clever girls, who do a skirt dance and play the
banjo at the same time, a conjurer, vocalists
and "Young Sandow," who performs feats of
strength that may make his namesake look to
his laurels.
"Joe," the educated orang-outang, is learn-
Bomething new every day. His latest accom
plishment is picking out coins of any denom
ination simply af the word of command.
Kuliiinuii Again Conquers.
The Sonderup case was before Coroner Haw
kins again yesterday, with the usual result.
Dr. Kuhlman refused to answer certain ques
tions asked by the Coroner. The witness re
LADIES' SUITS. |
The Suit Bar- m
gain of the year. <rs»!*\ Jji
All-wool, tan or iwSF ><
gray mixed _/t^L__ f2
' Cheviot. Lined / r^t'-vUT^\ \5
skirt,extrawide. /// A"' 11 " ) I
Velveteen bind- V^ W/fi P §
ing. The jacket S>
all silk lined and rr^f/\ If
trimmed with . /Ji / \ A
small pearl but- /A 'i A \ K$
tons. Stylish, // J/ M\ ™
"chic," "tip-to-' /f'm '' %\ (£
date. The for- /jf M | %-V, f
mer price $12.50. U( M ill lllh$) $\
Offered this^^O-J/^t- |)
week to close at jd
$6.98. 1
Second Floor, Front. M
Q&SS^mtf^2S&*S& ■ ■ ■ X
A CORRECTION. |
Did you read in the Sunday «!
papers the items •of that ■ very |»
complete Table Service for a ||
family? An ordinary $50.00 |p
worth which we "offered for jd
$37.65? i
A; mistake crept into that 1
i announcement which we want «
to correct at once. g;
The DINNER SET adver-' ■ |
tised as "Real White China, f
fancy shapes," is in reality jr
Decorated English Porcelain, i|
and you would consider the l|
price reosonable if we charged 15
$20 for it instead of i
$15.65. ' f
Ladies' The emporium has 81
c*t the exclusive agency for (je
WOVeS. the Genuine Jouvi'n & jf
Cie French Kid Gloves, the best M
wearing and most perfectly fitting w
Gloves that are made. There are Jg
many imitations of this celebrated If
brand. You will be offered Jouvin & (I
Cie Gloves (so called) in several M
stores in this city, but OURS are the |J
only Genuine ones made at the re- Jb
nowned French factory. *
Here are two Glove items that *
should interest every woman in the
city:
At 85c a pair—A superior quality of ' /
Ladies' English Walking Glove— I
four large pearl buttons — latest
stitched backs. Ordinarily sold , i
at $1.2?. <
At 98c a pair — Ladies' 4-Button Kid rfff
Gloves — heavy black embroidered W
backs — large pearl buttons — a |1
beautiful Glove for dress wear, m
We guarantee perfect fit. Real q
value $1.25. The colors are :
Reds. Ox Bloods. Tearl. «
Tan. Modes. Green. Cl
White. Butter. Ulack. |]
'Brou-t:. Njtv. Grays. Jf
fused to testify, and was accordingly com
mitted to jail for thirty days. Kuhlman was
released on proving the unconstitutionality of
the special act under which he was committed.
To-day the case will aeain come before Judge
Daingerfleld, Dr. Kuhlman having been sub
penaed to attend a third inquest, when he will
doubtless be committed under the general
law. He is confident of ultimate triumph.
A HOUSE DIVIDED.
Peculiar Domestic Menage of the I.ahne
Family, .Late of Mendocino County.
On the 13th of February last, according
to a report presented to the late Secretary
McComb of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, Mrs. Fannie Lahue,
a handsome woman of 27 years, left her
husband's ranch near Ukiah, in company
with a man, taking two of her four chil
dren. Three rveeks ago she left the two
little ones in charge of Mrs. Clara Jackson,
at 17% Rausch street, since which time
she has not returned for them, nor con
tributed anything to their support.
Mr. Lahue, who is at present in town,
states that his wife's mode of life is far
from commendable. Upon learning the
facts in the case, Secretary Welch <>f the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children wrote to Lahue. asking him to
make some provision for his children.
Women Reoublicans.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club will meet in Justice of the Peace
Groezinger's courtroom to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock. Preparations will be
made for an entertainment at Odd Fel
lows' Hall on Wednesday evening of next
week, when the club's mascot. Marjorie
McKinley Morse, will be installed.
The Forty-Second District.
At a meeting of the Forty-second Dis
trict Republican Club last night John M.
Chretien and H. W. Grey were elected
county committeemen.
In Their New Hall.
Carpenters' Union No. 483 held its first
meeting in the new hall at 915^ Market street
last night.
After routine work had been disposed of the
union resolved iUelf into a retreshment com
mittee of the whole, when all sat down to
table, where an abundance of coffee and sand
wiches awaited them.
Three Young Persona Drowned.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Aug. 3.— While out
boat-riding yesterday afternoon, shortly
before 4 o'clock, Henry Hendrickson, Liz
zie Oldstadt and Hanna Anderson, three
La Crosse young persons, were drowned in
the Mississippi River just below the city.
They were just rounding a bending in tbe
river, where the current was very swift,
and tne boat became unmanageable. The
craft with its occupants was pulled under
some barges which were moored near by
and that was the last seen of them.
56
H^jig n (fell
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor end Proprietor.
. SUBSCRIPTION RATES-PosUjre Free:
P»Uy and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Cam., one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, «lx months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calz., three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .85
Sunday Call, one year, by mall.. .1.60
Wksxly Call, one year, by mall l -60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation T If
■c, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it mlv you for you will
mis* it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA OHAKQE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
.710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone .Main-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
817 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth, and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. .
2618 Mission street; open tin til 9 o'clock.
118 Math street; op»n until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 find 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY AUGUST 4, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL;
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, of Obio
FOR VICK-PKBUIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1S»».
Watson sticks to Bryan like a cockle
burr to a donkey's tail.
McKinley and the masses against Bryan
and the blatherskites is the way it stands.
Almost any kind of spirit can be found
in the Democratic party except enthu
siasm.
The men who are ardent in support of
the Chicago platform are men who haven't
read it.
You can tell the silver-mine owner in
these days by his limp. The leg pulling
has begun.
Bourke Cockran is another stalwert
Democrat who bolts the Chicago ticket be
cause he cannot swallow it.
No man can consider tbe industrial
situation of California without seeing the
necessity of a protective tariff.
The free-trader may talk of free silver
and prosperity, but he is still tbe same
old enemy of American industry.
The renomination of Mr. Loud in the
Fifth District has made Kelly's vindica
tion race feel tired of itself already.
The breaking up of the free-lunch route
will be construed by the average Democrat
as another blow at his privileges as a citi
zen.
Gorman reiterates his willingness to
support tbe Chicago ticket, but all the
same he has never been heard to say that
he likes it.
Just as soon as the Populists get a good
warm movement on them you will see
them taking to the middle of the road and
giving Democracy the ha ha.
The campaign has hardly been started
and yet Bryan has already been put on
the defensive to such an extent that he
asks for time before answering.
The present condition of business and
industry will not survive the campaign.
We will have either McKinley and some
thing better or Bryan and something
worse.
The development of the sugar industry
under a Republican tariff would put more
money into the hands of workingmen
than would free coinage under a Demo
cratic tariff.
A vote for McKinley is a vote for sound
money, sound business and sound sense,
while a vote for Bryan is a vote for sound,
sound, sound, without either money, busi
ness or sense.
The efforts of the Examiner to represent
the Republican party as a defender of the
funding bill is one of the most futile fakes
of the campaign and shows that Democ
racy itself needs a defender to save it
from its fakers.
Bryan's reply to the charge of being a
hireling of the silver-mine owners is not
waited with any great degree of interest.
What difference does it make whether he
worked bis chin for hire or simply be
cause he couldn't keep it still?
The more the people reflect upon the
issues of the campaign the more clearly
do they perceive that the Republican
party is tha only one they can rely upon
to proteot the property interests of the
country and restore prosperity to the
people.
"The movement launched at Chicago,"
says Bonrke Cockran, "is an attempt to
take property from the hands of those
who created it and place it in the hands of
those who covet it," and that is exactly
the way it looks to every intelligent man
in tbe country.
Bryan was nominated by the Populists
on tbe express understanding that Sewall
was to be withdrawn and the Vice-Presi
dency given to Watson, but there is now
every prospect that the Democrats will
break tbe agreement and betray the men
who trusted them.
Eyery student of financial affairs knows
that a strong sentiment in favor of inter*
national bimetallism exists in every nation
in Europe, and with a strong Republican
administration in office and restored pros
perity in the country it will be easy for us
to lead the way to the free coinage of
silver by methods that will not disturb
business.
The development of the beet-sugar in
dustry in this Slate under tbe direction
■nd management of so able a business
man as Claus Spreckels will result in a
large increase of profit to farmers and to
workingmen, and will not only save to
Dalfornia much money we now send
ibroad bat will bring money into the
Bute and thereby enable us to develop
sther industries also.
THE SALINAS BANQUET.
Tho reception given at Salinas to Mr.
Claus Spreckels by the people oi Monterey
County is one of the events of the day that
can be regarded with no little satisfaction
by Californians of all classes. It was a
gathering of men representing all forms of
industry in the county, both urban and
rural, and gave expression to the common
esteem which all industrious men have
for those great promotors of industry
whose works tend to increase prosperity,
advance civilization and add to the wel
fare of all.
The occasion was in every way worthy of
such a gathering. Mr. Spreckels went to
Salinas to announce to the farmers of the
surrounding district that if they would
furnish him with the sugar beets he would
erect in that county the largest and best
equipped sugar refinery in the world. In
his address he said: "The fnctory will
cover a wide area of land. It will eat up
3000 tons of beets every day and turn out
every day 450 tons of refined sugar ready
for market. That means the distribution
among the farmers of $12,000 every day,
and $5000 more paid to workmen and for
other materials in the manufacturing.
You can see, therefore, that this is an im
portant matter. Now, as I say, it is for
you to grow tbe beets. I'll do the rest,"
It is scarcely necessary to say that an
address of that kind, containing a promise
of such industrial munificence from a man
whose promises are as good as gold,
awakened a true enthusiasm among the
listeners. Such an announcement of en
terprise would be noted as a matter of im
portance even in the largest cities and to
the wealthiest States in the Union. To
the people of Salinas and of Monterey
County it was an assurance of the begin
ning of a veritable new era. An industry
which will distribute $12,000 among farm
ers and $50(J0 among workingmen every
day of th« year will surely exert a power
ful and ever-widening influence for good,
and by the wealth it diffuses through the
community afford the means for the estab
lishment of n<jw industries and new enter
prises as yet undreamed of.
The glowing prospect, moreover, is not
confined to the limits of Monterey County
or Salinas Vailey. Every part and portion
of California will derive some benefit and
good from the development of this great
industry. The ambition of Mr. Spreckels
is not limited to the construction of a
single refinery to be the largest in the
world. He desires to make California tbe
largest sugar-producing section of the
world, to raise the output from this State
to a point where it will be able not only to
supply all the needs of its own people, but
to ship abroad annually not less than 60,
-000,000 tons of refined sugar. That means,
of course, a steady golden revenue flowing
into the State to add its stimulus to every
trade and brighten the comforts of every
home.
It is worth noting, moreover, that for
this great factory to be established in their
county, Mr. Spreckels asks of the people
of Monterey neither the land for a site,
nor a present, nor a bonus of any kind.
All that he asks to make California the
sugar-producer of the United States is
somo protection against the competition
of the cheap labor of Europe. It is his
intention to maintain the rate of wases
now prevailing in California, and his de
sire is to increase them if possible. Cer
tainly, therefore, workingmen, farmers
and tradesmen of every class and degree
should support him in the work. As B.
V. Sargent said at the Salinas banquet:
"The man who has made Huntington,
the greatest railroad magnate oi tbe world,
bow the knee to him; the man who could
go to Philadelphia and swallow the sugar
trust, digest it cobblestones and all and
return to California in serene health and
some $10,000,000 better off, will not fail in
this undertaking. It behooves us to join
Him and hold up his hands to our utmost
ability."
DEMOCRATIO DISAFFECTION.
If the ring that captured the Democratic
convention at Chicago has been making
calculations on carrying New York, Bourke
Cockran has completely upset them all.
Mr. Cockran returned from Europe last
Saturday, and not many hours after land
ing he had a plan formulated to defeA
Bryan. Undoubtedly Mr. Cockran is one
of the most astute Democratic politicians
in the country, besides be appears to have
taken off his coat and entered the cam
paign for no purpose other than to pre
vent Bryan's election. Hitherto Mr.
Cockran has been classed with the Bourbon
wing of his party, but he believes that the
political situation is such as to justify
every Democrat who loves the principles
of his party in giving his hearty support
to Major McKinley.
Mr. Cockran says in so many words to
support the Cnicago nominee ia to encour
age disorder, repudiation ana confusion
in all the channels of business. The work
ingmen of the country are especially
appealed to to join in a crusade against
the man whose theories of Government
are hostile to labor. He believes Bryan's
election would introduce a reign of com
munism and not only paralyze all indus
tries, but make .an enforced division of
property accumulation. He believes that
with Bryan as President and a Congress
in sympathy with him every workingman,
and everybody else for that matter, who
had by industry and frugality accumulated
a home would be assailed by those who
prefer idleness to industry.
It is of no consequence whether Mr.
Cockran has overdrawn the picture or not.
It is enough to know that there is enough
in the situation to cause alarm when such
an uncompromising Democrat as he advo
cates the combining of the patriotic ele
ment of his party with the Republicans,
and together make the defeat of Altgeld
ism a common cause. But Mr. Cockran
is not the only prominent Democrat who
is willing to put aside party allegiance for
the time. John R. Fellows, Mr. Whitney
and scores of other well-known party
leaders are declaring war upon the Chicago
platform and nominees, and it is a mis
take to suppose that their following among
the rank and file is not in sympathy with
them. Nevertheless, it is the duty of Re
pubicans to make haste to organize in
every voting district. The burden of the
work of defeating Bryan is upon the
shoulders of the rank and file of the Re
publican party. Do not forget tnat.
NO MIDDLE GROUND.
Bryan and hia managers are seeking
personal gain at the expense of honest
and industrious citizens. There is noth
ing in their declaration of principles that
is not vicious in purpose, and, although
the campaign is not fully under way, it
has reached the stage where it becomes
the duty of every supporter of good
government, protection to labor and
sound money to publicly so announce
himself. The plan of campaign adopted
by the Bryan machine is to appeal to the
worst eiement of the country with prom
ises that the Supreme Court shall be
overthrown and the Nation's treasury
turned into a public money supply agency.
The theme of Bryan speakers will be
"plenty of money and little work." It is
already to be noticed that in the large
cities tbe lawless and always idle element
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
is arraying itself on the side of the Chicago
nominee. An opportunity to loot the
Government, as well as all who have ac
cumulated wealth, will be furnished, this
element believes, if Bryan is elected, hence
it shouts for "Bryan."
Naturally all good citizens are desirous
that the country shall have the best pos
sible government, but the time has come
when desire that is not expressed in
telling work avails nothing. Every right
thinking voter knows that he is a force in
the contest that is now being waged for
political supremacy, and he know 9 that
there is no middle ground between good
and baa government. He knows, there
fore, that he is aiding or abetting th«
enemies or the friends of safe government,
not only in opinion out in what h i says
and does opanly. It must be rememb re 
too, that it is not only the bad effect of
Bryan's election which would be seen in
his administration of four years that is to
be considered. The mere indorsement of
the theories he advocates would result in
the most serious consequences to ail lines
of industry and trade, for it would mean
that the people had abandoned all the
true and tried principles of business
operations for vicious and hurtful meth
ods.
Four years of the employment of such a
code of commercial and financial ethics
as Bryan advocatss would be likely to
undo what has been done in a third of a
century and cripple commerce for as
many years to come. It is a fearful
thing to exchange the fundamental prin
ciples of our government and trade dis
tribution for business theories that are
diametrically opposed to those which
have enabled the country to become the
wealthiest and the most prosperous nation
in the world. But they will be so changed
if the honest and the industrious voters of
the country do not organize an opposition
to Bryanisni that shall be felt in every
community. It is now a question of pre
serving the credit and business oppor
tunity of the people, and there is no mid
dle ground for any man to stand upon.
JONES SHOWS HIS HAND.
Chairman Jones of the National Demo
cratic Committee has thrown the Popu
lists upon the defensive, and now it re
mains to be seen whether they are "ig
norant cranks" or men possessing some
independence and manhood. Senator
Jones gives it out that Mr. Bryan will not
accept the Populist nomination with Wat
son as running mate; that Bryan did not
ask for the nomination; that the honor
was forced upon him, ana that he pro
poses to stand by Sewall in any event.
Senator Jones intimates, however, that
the Democracy has in its pocket all of the
PoDulist party that is worth having, and
that the balance may go to— or rather, as
Bryan's newspaper puts it, "Let the hea
then rage."
Nevertheless, the Populists have a few
pretty strong men who will certainly re
fute what Mr. Jones says, and there are
intimations that if forced to they will
divulge certain convention secrets which
would be very much better for Bryan's
managers to have kept under cover. One
of these hints suggests the probability of
an agreement between Bryan's convention
managers and certain middle-of-the-road
Populists, that if the convention would
nominate Bryan and a Populist running
mate he, Bryan, would give his consent to
have Sewall crowded out. It is claimed
that such an agreement was made in good
faith, and that the change of front was not
made until Chairman Jones, Senator
Allen, General Weaver and Governor Hoi
comb made up their minds that tbe Popu
list party could not bolt Bryan without
disrupting its own organization, when they
put on a bold front and repudiated the
agreement.
However much truth there may be in
tbe agreement story it is very evident that
the Democratic machine believes it has
tbe major part of the Populist party in its
cold storage bin ready to be ground into
Bryan and Sewall voters, but the Popu
lists may escape from the bin. Bui the
hardest blow that has been given the
Populists since their capture is in putting
Senator Gorman, tbe bitterest enemy they
have on earth, as the campaign boss.
Gorman may be trusted to not leave the
PoDulists an inch of ground to stand upon.
He will manage by hook or by crook to
make another National convention impos
sible, even if he has to sacrifice Bryan to
doit. In this connection it might be ob
seljred that Gorman looks upon Bryan's
nomination as a crime against the party,
and if he can reclaim the State of Mary
land by making a trade that will give Mc-
Kinley tbe electoral vote of tbe State he
can be trusted to do it. But in any event
the Populist party is done for unless tbe
executive committee throws Bryan over
board. ___________
LUMBER UNDER FREE TRADE.
In a second article on the lumber indus
try in The Call of to-day it is shown con
clusively by the evidence of experts that
the business has fared badly under the
AY; I son bill.
A clo*e investigation into the causes of
depression reveals tbe fact that American
lumbermen and American workmen fare
badly under that form of Bryanisni seen
in the Wilson free- trade law. The patri
otic voter will naturally ask what is to
become of the country if Bryan's policy
should prevail. The Wilson bill is a strik
ing object lesson of the workings of Bry
anisni, because William Jennings Bryan
distinguished himself by becoming the
champion orator for that particular form
of free trade. He is identified with the
ruinous Wilso.n bill more than with any
any other measure.
The student of practical results should
not fail to read the final story of tne ruin
wrought by Bryan's policy, as told in the
local columns of to-day's Call.
FOR UNCLE SAM'S BUTTONHOLE.
There is a proposition that the columbine
should be adopted an the National floral em
blem of the United States. It grows wild in the
region where Columbus was born, as well as in
the Rocky Mountain State. A front view of
the flower shows the outline to be a beautiful
five-rayed utar, emblematic of the stars of the
National flag, while the leaf terminates in
thirteen lobes, the number of the stripes, as
well as of the original States of the Union.
While the columbine grows in many colors,
three colors— the brilliant red, pare wnlte and
exquisite cerulean blue — xre the American
variety of the flower. A single petal of one of
the long-spurred variety is in the shape of a
horn of plenty, while the botanical and horti
cultural name of tha flower is aquilegia, con
nected with the Latin aquila, an eagle.
THE PUBLIC GOOD
Political Heeord.
It becomes our pleasurable duty to credit
and give expression of admiration for our
Claus Spreckels. The gifted gentleman has
exercised his talents for the public good In re
lieving the people from tbe trespass cf the
"Monstrous Anaconda." The fraudulently
built and bond-ri-ideu "Octopus" has now to
face judicious economy, and the application of
first principles in railroad construction.
COULD DO GOOD SERVICE.
Tuplumne Independent.
Should Samuel M. Shortrldge be elected to
the Senate our State will have every reason to
rejoice, for this able and brilliant lawyer will
more than hold his own with his colleagues.
Mr. Shortridge i» a young man and capable of
doing j towau service for California,
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Conde Jones of Los Angeles, Stanford Uni
versity's hope as a fullback in the season of
'92, arrived here yesterday on a visit. He was
a dashing, brilliant player and the most prom
ising: punter Palo Alto ever had, but shortly
before the big intercollegiate match in a prac
tice game on the Stanford campus with the
Oakland High School team, he was tackled by
Ransome, now the captain-elect of the TJni
versity;of California eleven, and in the violent
fall had a collar-bone and a rib broken. Co-eds
wept, for Jones was their idol, and during the
next few days he was the recipient of nu
merous dainty missives and bouquets, along
with some original verse. Even Mrs. Stanford
and the professors' wives paid tribute to the
injured gridiron hero. Physicians labored
o.sr him, and the medical director had a most
-ci larkable corset made so that Jones might
be protected from injury and be able to play,
anyway. One afternoon a week before the great
game Jones appeared on the gridiron again,
wearing his armored corset and shoulder pro
tector. He was a little cautious and seemed to
lack his former dash. The next night the In
tensely interested, watching hundreds along
tbe sidelines had about decided that Jones was
coming around all right when from a con
fused mass that had fallen upon him he was
assisted to his feet, but he could not stand.
His ankle was sprained. It was his right
ankle— his punting foot — and a great
wave of despair passed over the crowd,
for fate was surely favoring Berkeley 1
The doctor worked over that ankle nearly
all night. The result of the game might de
pend upon his skill. Two days afterward
Jones, with rubber bandages and elastic sup
porters upon the weakened ankle, and wear
ing his strange canvas corset, came out once
more to do or die for the cardinal; and all
went well through the furious practice in
slush and mud. But the end was not yet. As
he was riding on a bicycle in the rain the
wheels slipped and the ill-fated athlete was
thrown in such a way that even the bandages
did noc prevent a serious wrench of the ankle.
On the day of the big match a tall, sorrowful
young fellow, wearing citizen's clothes and
leaning; upon crutches, had an honored place
inside the sidelines out at the Haight-street
grounds, but when the game was over Jones
forgot his sorrow and his crutches and limped
hurriedly over to mingle with the players he
had so anxiously watched.
R. Levison Ogilvie, wno has for some time
been in charge of a Government school at
Hauula, a district about twenty-five miles
from Honolulu, arrived at the Lick yesterday
with his wlfft. He says that when he went to
the islands be was inclined to be a strong roy
alist, but is now thoroughly convinced that
the present form of the Hawaiian Government
is best for all concerned and could hardly be
improved. The Kanakas, he declares, are too
easy-going ever to fight for anything, and
thare is no danger of them taking up arms
against the republic, The native children
learn in a parroty fashion, but lack executive
ability and the power of applying principle's.
What the islands have to fear is the steady en
croachment of Chinese and Japanese, who
may even crowd the older merchants out of
business and cause unsatisfactory comparisons
to be made between conditions under the
monarchy and those under the republic. Mr.
Ogrilvie was a contributor to the Kilohaua Art
League, a society organized in Honolulu two
years ago, with Mr. Hitchcock an president
ar.d with Mr. Hutchinsou, the island sculptor,
one of the prominent members.
DOWNFALL OF TALRULISM.
[With apologies to Joaquin Miller.]
He quits the JefTf rsor.lau craft,
He joint the i'opuimtic craze;
Bat waning hopes they drive am daft.
And desperate are bis numbered day a>
Then np spake Bryan: "Jones, my seer,
My bubble's burst— my chance is gone.
What can I do?" And lv his ear
Jones whispers, "Why, talk on! talk on!"
"The voters shake me day by day I
My I'opocrats show daily loss I
That lame old speech is in decay
About the tboru-crowu and the cross.
"Of hope I see no single ray;
I dread the cbill November dawn!"
Said Jones: "Brace up. and tire away!
Talk on! Talk on! Talk on and on!"
"The people for Mcßlnley shout:
Hia artsy grows by day and night;
My forces all are put to rout:
My aids will flee in bheer affright.
" f Tis vain that we dissemble more;
Our scarecrow plan to grass is cone."
*Your tiuslneas is o talk," Jones swore.
"I say, talk on! Talk on, and ou!"
He talked and talked, and nothing said ;
And when election day wm o'er,
And Jones informed him be was dead,
Poor Bryan faii> would talk some more.
Swelled music at a Nation's feast;
On night the bonfires bnrtt like dawn.
It meant "McKinley!" Bryan ceased.
The band played on, and on, and on I
E. U. Bcka.
HAROLD FREDERIC.
A Call Correspondent Who -Writes . Ameri
can Novels as Well as Foreign .
News. /../... ,_.-'. -..
The Literary Digest of a recent date pays
marked attention to Harold Frederic, the bril
liant Journalist and author who writes lor The
Call such interesting letters on foreign affairs.
The article in the Literary Digest is entitled
"How the Popular Harold Frederic Works," !
and is mainly descriptive of his methods of
composition. ..; ; . . '.'■■ - .
The Digest says: Harold Frederic, the ;
American novelist, whose purely American i
stories first won fame for him la England, has
recently told a writer for the London Sketch
something about his method of work. One ;
striking thing about Mr. Frederic is, that
while he writes his American stories in Eng
land he keeps in the most intimate touch with
the life he describes. When . asked . about
the farm lite described in "Seth's Brother's
Wife," he answered:
"Biess you, man! I was brought up on or
near a farm. I spent my boyhood in getting
out of bed at 5 in the morning to look after
the cattle, and until I was 14 I drove a milk
wagon as a 'side issue' in my agricultural du
ties. For one of my stories I read company
law and that sort of thing under the instruc
tion of a well-known lawyer of my acquaint
ance. For 'In the Valley,' which, as you know,
deals with American life during the colonial
period, I made eleven years' study of the do
mestic and political history of that time, the
records, tbe 'costumes and properties.' Be
sides, I was born and reared in the New York
Valley that I wrote abou . The idea of the
story and the spirit of it soabsd in my mind
eleven years beiore I wrote the first chapter."
When asked to what extent he planned his
books before he wrote them, Mr. Fredeilc said:
"In one Bense, hardly at all. I seek only to
know my people through and through. They
make the story -off their own bat' once they
have been started. But you must really know
them first. I am now writing a novel ['The
Damnation of Theron Ware,' since published,
recently digested in these columns], the people
of whioh I have been carrying about with me,
night and day, for fully five years. After I had
got them grouped together in my mind, I set
myself the task of knowing everything they
knew. As four of them happened to be spe
cialists in different professions, the task has
been tremendous. For instance, one of them'
Is a biologist, who, among many other things,
is experimenting on Lubbock's and Darwin's
lines. Although these pursuits are merely
mentioned, I have got up masses of stuff on
bees and the crow-fertilisation of plants. I
have baa to teach myself all the details of a
Methodist minister's work, obligations and
daily routine and all the machinery of his
church. Another character is a priest, who
is a good deal more of a pagau than
a simple-minded Christian. He loves
luxury and learning. I have studied
the arts he loves as well as bis theology ; I have
waded In Assyriology and Schopenhauer;
pored over palimpsests and pottery, and, in
order to write understanding^ about a musi
cian who figures in tbe story. I have bored a
professional friend to death getting technical
musical stuff from him. I don't say this is the
right way to build novels; only it is my way."
The following dialogue then took place:
"In the name of patience, when do you
think out your story?"
"It shapes itself as Igo alone. Then I write
an elaborate sketch of what is just before me,
chapter by chapter, noting down the incidents,
leading bits of conversation, descriptions of
characters and localities, straight up to the
finish. This plan makes a little volume of
itself."
"And then?"
"Then the book writes itself; and, when It's
finished I'm sorry. The pleasure of a novelist's
life is living with bis characters. When the
book Is done, that pleasure, or the greater part
of it ceases. Then the people go out into the
world and he loses sight of them and has to
begin all over again and create a new set of
friends."
PERSONAL.
Dr. W. A. Moore of*Benicia is at the Baldwin.
Dr. M. S. Charles of HuUun is visiting at the
Grand.
Captain D. F. Callinan, p. 8. A., is at the
California.
Dr. F. W. Bliss and wife of Santa Cruz are at
the Baldwin.
Dr. F. H. Lay of Fresno is at the Russ with
his wife and son.
State Senator Bart Burke of Santa Cruz is a
guest at the Grand.
C. W. Tryon, a mining man of Angels Camp,
is a guest at the Grand.
A. M. McCoy, a teacher at Red Bluff, is on a
short visit at the Grand.
H. D. Knight, a capitalist of Portland, Or., is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
G. M. Holton of Los Angeles is one of the re
cent arrivals at the Baldwin.
J. F. Parks, a Jack»on mining man, regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
Colonel T. B. Bunting of Santa Crux is a
recent arrival at the Occidental.
P. C. Severent c, a merchant of Boston, Mass.,
is at the Palace with his family.
D. S. Wilber, Deputy Sheriff of San Diego, Is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
S. Beck and daughter of Boise, Idaho, are
guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
G. C. Kenyon of Leavenworth, Kans., is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
M. Levy, the merchant, of Lower Lake, is at
tbe Lick with the two Misses Levy.
C. H. Eohiveley, a banker of Oroville, is
among those registered at the Grand.
C. O. Johnson, a railroad m«n of San Luis
OMspo, is registered at the Occidental.
John F. Boag, who has charge of steamship
agencies at Yokohama, is at the Palace.
Dr. William Peeper, wife and three sons are
at the Palace visiting Mrs. Phoebe Hearst.
Rev. W. J. Mohon of Modesto and S. W.
Motion of Bakerstiold are staying at the Lick.
C. S. Chapman, a business man of St. Louis,
Mo., is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. H. Duncan of the Golden Cross mine in
San Diego County, arrived at the Grand yes.
terday.
Ex-Assemblyman C. A. Storke, a lawyer of
Santa Barbara, is one of those registered at
the Lick.
G. M. Irwln of Selem, Or., State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, Is registered at the
Baldwin.
Congressman Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento is at the Pleasanton with his wife and
Miss Mabel A. Johnson.
Professor W. N. Heilman, Government Super
intendent of Indian Schools of the United
States, is at the Pi&asanton.
J. B. Rodman, a ranchowner and stock
raiser of Woodland, is making the Occidental
hi.-, headquarters for a few days.
Uilliam Campbell of Hartford, Conn., an
agent of the Hartford Life Insurance Company,
is malting a short visit at the Palace-
O. J. Woodward, the Fresno banter, arrived
at the Lick yesterday with his wife and chil
dren after completing a trip to Alaska.
J. P. O'Brien of Portland, Or., superintend
ent of the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company, is at the Lick with his wile and
child.
N. Messer of San Luis Obispo is at the Lick.
He came up to attend the biennial convention
of school superintendents now in session in
Oakland.
Captain 1. 1. Brice of Oroville, a retired ot
ficer of the United States army, who is now a
Government Fish Commissioner, is a late ar
rival at the Palace.
The New York Critic, in reviewing Joaquin
Miller'B new volume of poetry, "Songs of the
Soul," predicts that it "will surely bring about
a Miller renaissance."
William M. Moss of Bloomfleld, Ind., and
Charles D. Rodestraw of Washington, D. C.
Governmeut Supervisors of Indian Instruction,
are guesu at the Pleasanton.
David Foltz, the New York agent of the San
Francisco Call and San Jose Mercury, returns
to New York to-day after a pleasant visit to
his relatives and many friends in this City.
MissL. L. Jacks of Monterey, who has just
returned from a visit to New York, is at the
Pleusanton with her sister, Miss Margaret A.
Jacks, who came up from Monterey to meet
her.
Thomas A. Bailey, the evangelist, recently
arrived from Cork. Ireland, and is at the Ra
mona with his wife. They are on iheir way to
India, and will visit Hawaii, Australia and
New Zealand on the way.
J. P. Vincent, Assessor of Fresno County,
arrived at the Lick last night. He says that
there will be a very small reduction, if any, in
the year's assessment, a large reduction
having been made last year.
S. V. Kemper, who Is interested in mines in
Butte, Mont., and who owns with other Buttd
men the "Silver Bow Vineyard" near Fresno,
Is at the Lick with his family, whom he is now
escorting home from Southern California.
Major H. A. Bartlett, an offlC3r of the United
States army, who was at Mare Island for three
years, but whose home is now In Washington,
D. C, arrived at the Palace yesterday with his
wife after completing a visit in Santa Bar
bara. Tney will sail on the Bth for Honolulu,
where Mrs. Bartlett will remaiu for her
health. _
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V-, Aug. 3.- At the St.
Cloud-G. A. Gaboon and wife; Vendome-E. J.
Cantin and wife; Everett-F. McGlinn. Emil
Huerman arrived on the north German liner
Lahnfrpm Bremen. <
LADY'S WAIST WITH DEEP BELT.
An ideal waist for washable dresses is shown
here, being very simply made and still retain
ing the distinct features of style. There is a
fitted lining, which may be omitted. The back
i. seamless with a few gathers at the^waist
line. The front haa a ilight fullness, which is
t
gathered into the neckband and twtt, the
opening being in the center. If fitted lining is
used the waist may be buttoned at the shoul
der and under seams having a seamless front.
The belt is made separate, cut on the bias
and sewed to a fitted canvas foundation.
Abaiistedress had belt and collar of white
satin, the large collar and cuffs being edged
with white lace.
A blue and white lawn had collar of white
Batin ribbon with white* lace on curls and Urge
collar. Tbe belt was of black satin.
The Rev. F. E. Clark, 0.D., the founder of
the Christian Endeavor societies, has sailed
for Europe. He will be absent a year, visiting
the societies in Europe and Asia.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
ON TERMS OF UNION.
The New Democracy and the People's
Pakty May Foem an Honorable
ALLIANCE.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—SW-
It is safe to say thai there is no subject of
greater interest in the political world to-day
than the probability of a practical and hon
orable union or alliance of the reform ele
ments in the new Democratic party and the
People's party. Most men are ready to cou
cede that such a union will insure the defeat
of McKinley and the election of Bryan. Is it
practical to secure an honest, fair-working
ana honorable union or alliance of the forces?
It depends upon two simple things, namely,
an earnest purpose on the part of Democracy
and the wisdom of its leadership.
It must be apparent that the time has come
in California for some plain speech in regard
to the essential terms of such union. It ia
my present purpose to state the terms on
which such alliance may become an accom
plished fact, as I understand the situation,
and I venture to say that I do not spealc for
myself alone. As a first consideration it is
necessary to clear away certain misapprehen
sions which seem to occupy the public mina,
and in particular the Democratic mina.
At the Chicago Democratic convention more
than a third of the Democratic party left it,
and practically went over to the Republican
party on tbe silver issue. The gains of the
Populists at the Oregon electiou, in spite of
General Weaver's baneful influence in favor
of almost unconditional msion on silver alone,
and the greater gaius in all by-elections in
Colorado, lowa, Georgia ana some other biaies
east of the Mississippi, clearly show moie than
a third increase in the Populist vote Miice the
general elections in the States in 1894. me
loss of Democracy and the gain of the People s
party really maice the Populists numerically
sironger in all the sliver States south of the
Ohio and the Potomac and west of the Missis
sippi than the present uew silver or Bryan
Democracy. At all events, Bryan Democracy
has no claims to superiority over the People s
party, either in numoers, intelligence, devo
tion to principle, unity of purpose, party fer
vor or patriotism. They may fairly be rated
as two equal forces. , . .
Up to date, since Bryan was nominated at
Chicago, however, the patronizing and over
bearing manner of the Democratic leaders and
newspupers toward Populisu exceeds that ol
a big burly brother toward a boy in short
clothes, and in fact reminds one of a big bully
as he swaggers and lords it over an inofleusive
and timid little man. This offensive manner
took on its worst form at St. Louis, where
Bryanized Populist office-seekers of the
Weaver type, and Mlventes of all types, Im
pudently attempted to force the nomination
of both Bryan and Bewail by the Populist Na
tional Convention and the consequent disin
tegration and final destruction of the People s
party. It failed ignomtniously. Two-ttnrdi
of that great convention scornfully repudiated
the brazen proposal and arose as one man,
without concert ol action or the inspiration
and guidance of leadership, and nominated
Watson for the Vice-Presidency before per
mitting Weaver and his Bryaniie confederates
to place Bryan before the convention as a can
didate for the Presidency. Notice was thereby
served on Bryanite Populists, bullying Demo
crats and sneering silverites. which even the
variest dullard should understand, that they
must call a halt to brazen assurance, and, no
matter how unwilling. y, they wust learn to
treat with Populists as allies and equals, and
not as helpless boys or pusillanimous vassals.
Assuming now tha* California Democrats as
•well as Democrats in all the possible silver
States have come to look at the situation under
the tranquillizing influence of sober second
thought, l desire to say a \, ord or two on the
first great obstacle to a complete and hearty
union of our forces. I refer to the nomination
of Banker Bewail as their candidate for the
Vice-Presidency and the Populist nomination
of Watson for the same cilice. It is claimed
that the prior nomination of Bewail by the
Democrats will render it practically almost
impossible to ask him to decline the nomina
tion, ami that Mr. Bryan himself is not willing
to accept the Populist nomination if Mr. Sew
ail is rejected by the Populists. But Populists
could not support a National banker for that
office withoutself-stultification, and intelligent
Democrats are aware of it; and a more seri
ous objection to Mr. Sewall is that the Populists
having nominated Mr. Bryan for the Presi
dency, they could not nominate the whole of
the Democratic ticket without being classed
and counted as Democrats at the polls, rnus
voting themselves out of existence as the Peo
ple's party; and the only way in which Popu
lists can maintain their organisation as a party
is to nominate a Populist for the Vic«-Presi
dancy and vote tor him as a Populist and have
their votes cast and counted as Populist votes.
Bui why should it be a virtue in Democrats
who seek an alliance with Populists and ask
for Populut votes to present two candidates
while it iscrin.inal presumption in Populists
to name a candidate for the second and infe
rior office? By supporting Bryan and Watson
both parties maintain their identity and the
Democrats get the lion's share; by voting for
Bryan ani Sewall Populists cease to exist as a
party and are counted as Democrats. If an al
liance is ever made on honorable terms Mr.
Sewall must not be a candidate.
But I have already devoted too much space
to Mr. Sewall. lam in possession oi informa
tion from the highest sources that Mr. Sewall
will decline to be a candidate and that Watson
will be placed on the Democratic ticket in his
place, so that there may be a complete union
or alliance of the two parties on joint candi
dates. If this should fail it will be Impossible
to hold the feotun to the compact, and
Colonel Norton and Tom Watson will be their
candidates, which will render the election of
Bryan and Sewall absolutely impossible. In
that case McKinley will be elected and the re
sponsibility will rest upon the presumptuous
and overbearing Democracy.
In California a lair division of tne Presi
dential electors, based on the last official vote
and the admitted losses of Deraocracv and
gains of Populism, will certainly entitle the Pop
ulists to at least four of the nine Presidential
electors and three of the seven Congressmen.
In the State Legislature the rule must be that
in districts where Democrats are stronger than
Populists, the Democratic candidate will re
ceive the joint vote of both parties, but the
reverse will be the rule wnen Populists poll
the larger vote. An open and honorable alli
ance on this basis will secure a successful and
practical union of these political forces and
the result will be a certain victory for the
allies in all parts of the State. To this alliance
I look forward as a foregone conclusion, and
believe that it can be consummated and carried
out so impartially and honorably that In due
time the allias will gradually coalesce in one
permanent and homogeneous political party.
The opportunity is here. The duty is impera
tive. The rewards are certain.
Joseph Asbttky Johnsoh.
11 Essex street, San Francisco, Aug. 2, 1896.
CALIFORNIA AUTHORS
Callfornians are turning out their full share
of books, and others are promised.
Joaquin Miller's volume, "Sonus of the 8onl,"
recently published, is soon to be followed by a
charming book called "An Itinerant House,"
by Emma Frances Dawson. This production
will be characterized by the genial mysticism
with which Miss Dawson flavors her work.
The book will be illustrated by Peixotto, and
is to be published by William Doxey, as will
be also two other volumes by California au
thors.
A book that promises to be of unusual in
terest will be "Wild Flowers of California,"
which will have more than 800 pages. The
author is Mary Elizabeth Parsons of San Ra
fael, and there are to be 150 illustrations
drawn from nature by Miss Buck. The ladies
are now In the Sierra Nevada region gathering
materials for the concluding chapters. Not
less than 600 wild flowers will be described.
Four valuable books dealing with this hub
lect have been published. Green's " Flora
Francisca," Dr. Beiir's "Bay Region Botany,"
Rattan's "California Flora" and Whitney's "De
scriptive Botany" in the official reports of the
California survey. None of these works are
illustrated. Miss Parsons' new book will be
the first to display the beauties of the field and
mountain flowers of California.
Samuel Jacques lirunn, assistant professor of
French at Stanford Unlver»ity, is putting the
finishing toucties on a volume of "Talea of
Languedoc," being a series of Provencal folk
lore. The work Is to be enriched with fifty
drawings by Ernegt Peixotto.
Charles Freeman Johnson is engaged on an
important work relating to the "Good Roads
Movement."
A well-known journalist of this City has in
preparation a work which is intended to be a
characteristic Caliiornia novel, but he declines
the publicity of itn announcement until the
manuscript is ready for the printer. In this
volume much is to be made of the glorious cli
mate of Caliiornia. Indeed, the reader is to be
made to feel, not that he is simply reading a
sterile description of uninteresting stretches
of flood and field, but that his entire being; is
pervaded with the wonderful ozone and the
sweet balsamic, healing odors of the sea, the
valleys and the mountains that characterize
and glorify our State.
WOMEN AS PILOTS.
A Scandinavian correspondent writes to the
Berlin Tageblatt that In Denmark, Norway
and Finland the employment of women as
sailors is a matter of daily experience, and
that they are often found to be vejfy excellent
mariners. In the smaller sailing ships, where
there is a woman on board, whether she be
the wife of the skipper or the stewardess, she
Is expected to take her turn at the ordinary
work of the Bailor, not even excluding the du
ties of the man at the wheel, or of the night
watch. In Denmark several women are era
ployed at sea as state officials, and particu
larly in the pilot service. '•They go far out to
sea to meet the Coming ships; they clamber up
nimbly out of their boats; they show their offl.
cial diploma and steer the newcomer bravely
find safely into the harbor." It is the same in
Finland. Experienced captains assert that
the women make excellent sailors, and are
equal to most seamen iv dexterity and power
of endurance. ________
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
At the present time the Princess cf Wales'
holding of pearls cannot De worth less than
$50,000. ,
Joseph Ebling. who has just died in Cleve
lsnd, was one of the soldiers who marched into
the City of Mexico at its surrender in 1847.
Sir John Millais is so fond of having chll.
dren as models that should he see an unusually
pretty little face he will go out ot his way to
obtain a sketch of it.
The grave of John Fitch, who is said to have
first applied steam power to navigation on the
Western rivers, is unmarked by any stone in
an old cemetery in Nelson County, Ky.
Three of the delegates to the St. Louii Con
vention were brothers. They were Powell
Clayton and W. H. H. Clayton of Arkansas, and
Judge CUyton of Pennsylvania, and they all
voted for McKinley.
Signor Manuel Garcia, the teacher of Jenny
Lind, Catherine Hayes and Mine. Marches!,
began his ninety- second year last Tuesday.
Kignor Garcia is still hale and hearty aud in
structs private pupils in London.
Schultz Is a very common name In Berlin. A
wise wag In the crowded parquette of the
theater shouted : "Schultz's houne Is on flre 1"
All the peeple of that name quickly dashed
out of the house, and soou .there were plenty
of vacant seam.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Diner— Waiter, there is a slight mistake. I
ordered a spring chicken and a bottle of 1884
wine. . ■
Waiter— Yes, sir,.
Diner— You have brought me some wine of
last spring and a chicken of . 1884.— Paris Mes
senger.
Wiggles— or other this Presidential
campaign doesn't seem natural at all.
Waggles— Why not?
Wiggles— Why, nobody has said a word yet
about tin.— Somerville Journal.
"is marriage regarded as a failure in Chi.
cago, where there are so many divorces?" ;
"Oh, no. It is regarded as a temporary em
barrassment merely."— Truth.
Jinks— Brown-Jones boasts that he can trace
his ancestry back to the Pilgrims.
Biuks— the Pilgrims are dead, and they
won't feel it.— New York Advertiser.
Fanner— Of course all cows give milk— mint
do, anyway.
Miss Citibred— Thflt's strange. I thought
some of them gave beef tea.— Browning, King
& Co.'s Monthly.
Cholly— How old do you suppose Miss Fur
bish is?
Gertrude — You might ask mamma. Perhaps
she'll remember.— Cleveland Leader.
• California glace fruits, 60c lb. Town sand's.*
— • * ♦
School Book? Exchanged. King's, 15 4th st *
■ : • — „ «• ' • . r ■
Dr. C. O. Deak, dentist, formerly of 126
Kearny street, has reopened at b\^ Kcarny. "
» — • — *
If you want fine service, -fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co,*
• — * — «■ .
Typewriter agency moved. Smith Pr».
mier Typewriter Agents, L. & M. Alexander,
moved to 110 Montgomery street.' *
» ♦ •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
— <• — ♦ ■» ■
Corporal— What is that fellow shaking his
head for? . -'■.;.
Private— l only wanted to sneeze.
Corporal— Then wait until you are com
manded to stand at ease. — London Tit-Bits.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta ronte and the Northern Pacific Ball
road has been selected »s the official route to at
tend tbe National Encampment of the 0. A. K. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Tha
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 r. k. Haws 967 90 for tbt
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wiad
to make the trip East. Send yoar name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 liarkot
treet, Sao Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*.
Are luu Going Eaii.'
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa ' «•,
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absencs of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted : for the train- .
portation of families because of its palace draw
ins-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, - leaving at - a - seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors and porter*. Tloit
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531. ' -
.Ayeb's Cherry Pectoral gives prompt relief.
That's why it excella all other preparations for
colds and coughs.
Add 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten
to every glass of impure water you drink.
Wife— George, didn't you say yon were the
heaviest batter in the nine last summer?
Husband— Yes, dear.
Wife— Well, would you mind beating a oar
pet for me for about half an hour?— Texas
Sittings.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
-A cream of tartar baking powder. Highest of
all In leavening strength.— Latent United State*
Government Food Report.
Royal Bakiso Powdeb Co., New York.
CHEAP POWER
FOR —
HIKING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES, .'
: FROM 1 TO 300 HOUSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 : -Aetual Horse Power 04 DC
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. V I Oil
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
•CAS AND OIL ENGINES,
::-. Owich: . Works: •
405-407 Sansome St. 318-331 Bay St,
. San Francisco, Cal, ' ' .
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
a FOB THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.TUESDAY AUGUST 4, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
BAi.o-wnr Tsiatib. — "The Benefit of the
Doubt."
- TAiiroßS'iA Thuaikb.— lt MaTonrne«n."
Columbia THBATSTR— "A Gold Mine."
SJobosoo's ofkha-Howse— "The Danltea."
Tivow OFKBA-HOT7SK.— "P«*H«ccI."
OBrHKtTV— High-Class Vaudeville.
PrTito Baths— and performances.
Bhoot tee Chutes— Dally .at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Piotio— Of the Retail Grocers' Protective Asso-
ciation Union, at Schentzen Park. Sunday, Aug. 9.
AUCTION SALES. •
Bt Cxas. Levy <fc Co.— day (Tuesday),
Fnraftore at salesroom, 1136 Market, street, at 10
o'clock.
Bt Joseph T. Tkbbt— This day (Tuesday),
Personal Property, at 1218 Leavenworth st, at 11
o'clock.
Bt B. 8. Speak * Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Barber's Supply Store, at 31-33 Sutter street, at
11 o'clock. ■-...—-■■-.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mrs. Otilia Klaber and her four children an
In (rreat destitution.
Arthur McKenna, a messenger boy, was
buried by his comrades.
Tbe Populist State Committee will consider
the fusion matter to-day.
Reuben Cohen has been appointed executor
of the will of Joseph Getz.
The National Club matched Van Buskirk
and Jeffries to box ten rounds.
Mrs. MaryWinn complains that her stepson
and ward, Albert, is incorrigible.
Last night's single-tax mass meeting at Met
ropolitan Hall was largely attended.
Figures show that the City is paying for
light a higher rate than individuals pay.
The weather office predicts for to-day fair
weather, with brisk to high westerly winds.
The fall term of the School of Design of the
San Francisco Art Association opened yester
day.
Reports at the Woman Suffrage Bureau are
full of encouraging news for iriends of the
cause.
The proposed new line of Oriental steam
ships will make San Francisco one of their
termini.
Herman Gudeh us has been appointed admin
istrator of the $2000 estate of Henry E. Tru
benbach.
The Park Congregational Church has de
cided to erect a place of worship near the park
panhandle.
The Olympic Club nominated a t icket last
evening which is in favor of a new board of
directors.
The next California Miners' Association
convention will be held on the second Tuesday
in November.
Indn Coffey appointed J. C. Winans trustee
of the estate ol Jerome B. Fargo, vice J. B.
Fargo, deceased.
The stonecutters are wrathy at the Midwinter
Fair Commissioners fur placing convict-cut
stone in the park.
Garret McKnerney scored the attorneys for
the Fair heirs in tbe hearing before Judge
Slack yesterday.
Alma Josselvn was given two days more of
life iy the attending physician, Dr. Logan, at
a late hour yesterday.
President Eston of the Olympic Club proves
by statement* that the ilub is financially sound
ana the membership good.
Mr<. Xt'.iie Bracken complains that two
weeks ago her busband left her with a kiss
and fled with another woman.
Richmond is making steady improvements
in the- l.ne of adding several neat dwellings to
the laxable property of the City.
P. B. Cornwall was in Seattle at last ac
counts. The Grand Jury expects that he will
return to the City by next Friday.
Straight Populists talk of putting up Norton
in place of Brynn. They feel insulted te
cause Bryan baa scorned their platform.
Dr. I. S. Eschleman contradicts some of the
statements concerning the burning last Sun
day of the First Baptist Church at Fresno.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday issued a writ
prohibiiine the Board of Supervisors from
selling the Geary-street Railroad franchise.
Postmaster McCoppin has been notified that
in future the law relating to postal employes
engaging in politics will be strictly enforced.
Frark Darling, owner of the launch Henri
etta, had a narrow escape from death Sunday.
His launch blew up in a most peculiar man
ner.
Mn. Fannie La hue ) s reported to have left
two of her children in care of Clara Jackson
without making any provision for their main
tenance.
The widow of Charles D. Boot yesterday
compromised the claim ot the divorced wife of
the deceased against the estate by a payment
of $3000.
To-day will be the last day for registration
In the central office at the City Hall. The
office wilt be open continuously from 9 a. m.
until 12 P. M.
Yesterday's meetings of the various minis
terial organizations were replete with interest,
all beine fresh in mind and body after their
recent vacations.
Charles O. Swanberg and Henry 0. Westphal
have been cited to appear in Judge Coney's
court and explain their connection with the
Corriveau estate.
Charles Holman, a man with many aliases,
who is notorious as a swindler of women, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of perjury.
Judge McKenna yesterday overruled the de
murrer of the city of Santa Cruz in the suit
brought by RoVrt H. Waite to recover the
interest on certain bonds.
The Supervisors added enough to the appro
priations for municipal purposes yesterday to
raise the tax levy to $1 11J£ with many de
partments yet to'hear from.
W. F. Brooks, the head janitor of the Empo
rium, hss been absent from his post for two
days. He is in debt to his subordinates, who
fear thai he has gone for good.
The United States Indian Teachers' Institute
held its first session last night in the Girls'
Hich school, at which there were several
speeches by prominent educators.
Traffic Manager Mose of the Valley road wiil
issue a complete schedule of class rates on
Friday, when that line will be opened to La
Grand, eighty miles south of Stockton.
A. H. Jarman of Michigan, O. M. Pence of
lowa and J. B. Kessing of Ohio have been ad
mitted to practice as attorneys and counsel
ors at law in nil the courts of the State.
Henry Grim, the alleged leper sent to this
City by the Mendocino County officials, is still
detained in the Receiving Hospital. It is be
lieved that he will be returned to Mendocino.
John Jackson of 17^ Rausch street was
yesterday held in $500 bonds by Judge Conlan
to keep the peace toward his wife, Clara, and
in default to spend six months in the County
Jail.
Pierre Brigaerts, an electrician in the em
ployment of the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company, was arrested yesterday on
the charge of stealing nickels from telephone
boxes.
The overdue British ship Jordanhill arrived
from Liverpool yesterday. She was six week'
rounding Cape Horn and 192 days getting
here. Over 40 per cent reinsurance was pai'!
on her.
At a meeting of the Western Addition Im
provement Club at Coakley's Hall last nigh',
the Supervisors were petitioned to have the
Calvary Cemetery Hall on Geary street moved
back five feet.
Will E. Fisher, real estate agent, sent an Im
portant com unieation to the Chamber of
Commerce and other associations suggesting s
scheme for promoting the sale of California
products and inducing iramieration.
The excursion to the wreck of the Colombia
last Sunday was a great success. T. W. Ley
decker released ten of his homing pigeons off
the Furallones and ten more at Pigeon Point.
Seventeen of them reached home in very fast
time.
Inspector-ln-Charge Munro received yester
day information which will probably mate
rially assist in bringing about the conviction
of Edward Mason, arrested in Colus* last week
on a charge of using the mails for fraudulent
purposes.
Property-owners in the Richmond district
charge Superintendent of Streets Ashwortn
with favoring the railroad company in its use
of red rock at VX cents a yard, while the prop
erty-owners were compelled to use gray rock
at 9 cents a yard.
Rev. T. G Brownson, the new president of
the California Baptist College, evoked a storm
of discussion at the Baptist ministers meeting
yesterdHy by some statements made in hii
paper,'Ought the Bible to Have a Prominent
Pluce in Baptist Schools?"
The Divorce Court.
Laura M. Palmer waa yesterday granted a
divorce from Alden B. Palmer, because of the
latter's willful neglect. The plaintiff wa*
awarded the custody of a minor child, $15 per
month alimony and $50 for counsel fees.
WAS SIX WEEKS
OFF THE HORN,
Another Overdue Ship Ar
rives Here From Liv
erpool.
HEAVILY REINSURED.
Head Winds and Hurricanes En
countered During the
Passage.
A SUCCESSFUL SEA EXCURSION.
Messrs. Arthur Pip.T and John Open
heim Received a Ducking in
the Lee Scuppsrs.
Once more the gamblers in reinsurance
have made a "killing." The British four
masted bark Jordanhill, on which 40 per
cent was paid, arrived in port yesterday a
The British Four-Masted Bark Jordanhill Was Six Weeks Rounding Cape Horn and Was Blown to
.60 deg. South. Her Bulwarks Were Smashed, Sails Blown Off and Everything Movable on
Deck Was Carried Away. The Above Sketch Was Drawn From a Description Furnished
by Captain Taylor.
little the worse for the battering she re
ceived off the Horn, but still thoroughly
seaworthy. It was a perilous voyage from
start to finish, and on one occasion Captain
Taylor had to put about and run away
down south in order to escape going ashore.
It took the Jordanhill since last January
to make the run from Liverpool to San
Francisco. Nearly two months of the
time waa spent in battling with adverse
winds off the cape and it was May 20 be
fore 50 sou in 85 west was reached. Sail 3
were blown out of the bolt ropes, the
bulwarks were carried away, the cabin and
forecastle were flooded and everything
movable was washed overboard.
The Jordauhill left Liverpool early in
January in tow of a tug. A gale came up
and the hawser parted. The vessel lost
all her head rails and had to come to an
anchor in order to prevent going ashore.
Two months later she was caught in an
other hurricane. The hail and sleet were
continuous, and the stormsals split one
after the other. Part of the bulwarks were
i-arried away, and everything movable on
deck was washed overboard.
On Aprii 9 a heavy gale from northwest
to west, increasing to a hurricane, was en
countered, and the lower topsails were
blown from the bolt ropes. The vessel was
forced down to 60 south, and the entire
crew suffered from the cold and exposure.
Captain Taylor sighted a number of ships
when in the southern waters but did not
speak any of them.
The only other overdue vessel from
Liverpool is the Blackbraes, now out 197
days. She also has had a bard time of it,
having to put back on account of stress of
weather and later having to put into
Montevideo on fire and leaking. Her en
ire cargo was discharged and she is now
on the ways undergoing repairs. The
Cedarbank, A. G. Ropes, Wilhelm Tell,
Cambuskenneth and Jordanhill, on all of
which reinsurance was paid, have now
safely reached port. No word has been
receive -l from the City of Philadelphia
and Santa Clara, from New York for San
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896,
Francisco. The former has been given up
for lost and on the latter 50 per cent re
insurance has been paid.
The excursion to the wreck of tne
Colombia on the steamer Mexico last Sun
day was a genuine success. When off the
Farallones T. \v. Leydecker, the well
known pigeon-fancier of Alameda, released
ten of his young birds. They had never
been away from home before except on
one occasion when they were flown from
the Cliff House. The youngsters made
the flight in the fast time of 1 hour and 2
seconds. At the wreck ten more birds
were released, but only seven of these
readied home. They made the flignt in
2 hours 43 minutes. Of the seven six were
old birds and one was a young one. The
three missing are all youngsters, but Mr.
Leydecker is confident that they will turn
up. It was hazy at the time they were
liberated and one of them did not leave
the Mexico until she was close ashore.
Arthur Piper and John Open heim are
not likely to forget the excursion in a
hurry. They were standing forward of the
pilot-house when a big sea broke aboard
and washed them into the lee scuppers.
Another wave washed them along the
deck and nobody knows where they would
have landed if Captain Bennett and T. W.
Leydecker had not rushed to the rescue.
"Oh Lord! Oh Lord!" gasped Openheim.
"I thought I was overboard." Piper was
all right, but as there vns not a suit of
clothes on the steamer that would fit him
he had to "eeefc the seclusion that a cabin
grants" until his own were dried in the
engine-room. He says they are now two
sizes too small for him.
T. C. Wills, who ia superintending the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's whal
ing excursion, is not letting the grass
grow under his feet. His boats' crews
have all been secured and the men are
hard at work daily getting the harpoons,
blubber-spades and bomb-guns in reali
ness for the occasion. The Oakland and
Alameda people want to witness the
sport, and the chances are that a Special
boat will be put on for the occasion. The
tug Fearless will be the flagship, and she
and the steamers that willaccompany her
will go up the coast as far as Drakes Bay.
If a whale be not sighted anchor will be
cast in the bay for the night and a clam
bake will be served in tbe morning. Sun
day a run down the coast will be in order,
and the chances are that a whale will be
picked up. In case of an accident a whale
boat, manned by the most experienced
boatmen in the bay, under command of
Henry Peterson, will be in readiness to
render assistance. The excursion should
be a pleasant and exciting one from start
to finish.
PLT.Y PILPtRING.
Pierre Brigaerts Arrested for Stealing
From Telephone Boxes.
Pierre Brigaerts. an electrician in the
employ of the Pacific Telegraph and
Telephone Company, was arrested yester
day morning by Special Officer W. Bram
naacc and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of petty larceny.
The company had been suspicious that
some one was stealing the money from tbe
telephone boxes and Bramn.age was put
on the case. Brigaerts, whose duty was to
repair telephones out of order, was sent
yesterday morning to repair a phone on
Gough >treet. Tien he was sent to one
two clocks away and when he returned he
was arrested. When searched 70 cents in
nickels were, found in his pockets, which,
it is claimed, he took from the box at
Gough street.
Brigaerts, who is a young married man
27 years of age, denies the charge and at
tributes his arrest to a foolish remark he
made about a week aco.
Not Father Torke's Portrait.
The executive committee of the Women's
Liberal League desires to protect against the
peddling o( alleged portraits of Rev. Peter
Yorke throughout the City. The ladies state
that the portraits are not the portraits of Fa
ther Yorke, and the •speculator responsible for
them they say is in imminent danger of arrest.
Horn's School foi Boys, Burlin game. Bixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira G. Uoitt, Ph.D., Master*
DID NOT SELL
THE FRANCHISE.
The Supervisors Prevented
From Doing So by the
Court.
SERVING OF THE WRIT
Geary-Street Right of Way Will
Not Be Let Just at
Present.
MUST EXPLAIN THEIR ACTION
City Fathers Sa d to Want to Give
Away a Million Dollars of
City Money.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday issued an
injunction and a writ of prohibition re
straining the Board of Supervisors from
taking any further action at present in
the matter of selling the Geary-street
railway franchise.
The writs were issued at the instigation
of George R. Fletcher, who claims in the
complaints filed that tbe actions ol the
board in the matter are irregular.
First, the notices of the sale of the franchise,
as published in the afternoon papers, were not
published on the consecutive, days as pro
vided by law. A Sunday and a holiday inter
vened, on which occasions the paper was not
printed.
Second, because the resolution, notice and
advertisement regarding the sale failed to
comply with the terms of the application, in
that a clause was inserted by the Supervisors
providing fora yearly report of the gross earn
ings of the road, said report to be sworn to by
the president and secretary of the railway
company. On the strength of the report a tax
of 2 percent of the gross earnings of the com
puny was to be leviei and paid into the Street
Department fund. The clause further pro
vided that in .case the report was not furnished
the franchise should become void. It is said
that this clnnse was inserted by ihe Super
visors without warrant and in direct violation
of an act of the State Legislature of March 23,
1893.
The contention is that this stipulation
in the proposed franchise prevents and de
stioys fair, open and public competition
for the purchase of the right, privilege
and franchise and was inserted to destroy
public competition and restrict bids to the
Gearv-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company.
Tne complaint quotes the following por
tions of the proposed franchise:
The following grant is made upon the follow
ing conditions, strictly to be complied with by
said grantee, its successors and assigns:
Work to construct said railroad most be com
menced within one year from the date of the pass
age of this order, and the same must be completed
wltbtn three years thereafter.
Mr. Fletcher says that only tbe Geary
street, Park and Ocean Railroad Company
could comply with such terms and condi
tions, that company being the exclusive
owner and in exclusive possession of the
right of way along the streets named in
the franchise and is entitled exclusively to
maintain and occupy the same for the pur
poses of a street railway until November,
1903.
Should the franchise be sold un der the
present resolution, notice and advertise
ment to any other person or corporation
than the Geary-street road, it 13 said that
a great deal of expensive litigation with
the road mentioned would surely result
over the right of way. Fuither. it is set
forth that nobody but the Geary-street
road could obtain a clear and unclouded
title to the right of way.
Azain, it is said that the right of way ia
worth $1,500,000, but that under the pres
ent resolution but $500,000 could be ob
tained for it.
It is further alleged that the acts and
proceedings of the Board of Supervisors
are without its jurisdiction; that there is
no appeal therefrom and no adequate
remedy in the courts of law; wherefore it
is prayed that a writ of prohibition be
issued restraining the board from taking
further action in the matter at the present
time.
An injunction enjoining the board from
selling the franchise on August 3 was also
issued by Judge Daingerfield, as was a
writ of review commanding the" Super
visors to appear in court and explain their
actions in the matter.
Wben the franchise matter came up in
the board yesterday afternoon Supervisor
Dimond called the attention of the mem
bers to tbe fact that each had been served
with a copy of the injunction granted by
Judge Daingerfield. He moved that action
be deferred and tbe matter be referred to
the City and County Attorney. Supervisor
King seconded the motion and it was
carried.
MR. ASANO'S STEAMERS.
They Will Make San Francisco
One of Their Ter
mini.
Ample Dockage Has Been Secured
and Enough Local Business to
Guarantee Success-
Sachio Asano, president of the proposed
Oriental Steamship Company, whose ves
sels may ply between San Francisco and
Asiatic ports, had a conference with
Traffic Manager Stubbs yesterday.
Mr. Stubbs gave Mr. Asano every en
couragement. He laid emphasis upon the
fact that the port of San Francisco was
the most advantageous place on tbe coast
lor the line of steamships and that he
would afford him every facility possible.
There is now but very little doubt that
the line will come here. It has been al
ready guaranteed sufficient local business
to warrant the line making San Francisco
one of its termini. The question of dock
age has been settled very satisfactorily.
NEW ELECTION OFFICERS.
A Large N timber of Vacancies Filled by
tin- Commissioners Yesterday.
At the meeting of the Election Commi9
sioners yesterday protests were filed
against the appointment of the following
election officers on the ground of non
residence:
Joseph Woods, Fourteenth Precinct, Thir
tieth District ; Dan Curtin, Seventh Precinct,
Thirtieth District.and F. L. Neale, Fourth Pre
cinct, Twenty-niuih District.
The following were dismissed for that
cause :
Fred.Mallory, Third Precinct, Thirty-third
District; James Bernardo, Seventh Precinct,
Ihirty-third District.
The following were dismissed because
of irregularities in the precincts in which
they served last year:
Arthur McGuire, Fourteenth Precinct.Thirtv
third District, and M. J. McDonald, Seven
teenth Prectnct, Thirty-first District.
Appointments to vacancies crea ted were
as follows: .
John Thompson, Tenth of the Thirtieth;
James T. Gallagher, First of »he Thirtieth;
William H. Ballinger, Twelfth of the Thirty
second; H. B. Dens>>n, Sixteenth of the Forty
first; L. H. Bets-ch, Filth of the Forty-fifth; P.
I. Jordan, Eleventh of the Thirty-eighth; Peter
C. Blick, Seventh of the Thirty-third; Wil
liam Waener, Ninth of the Thirty-third;
William Kennedy. Second of the Forty-third;
G. H. Smith and Daniel Williamson, Four
teenth of the Thirty-third; John S. Kenny.
Fourth of the Forty- third; Fred Wicken
hauser, Ninth of the Forty-third; J. H. Harper.
Tenth of the Thirty-sixth ; James K. McDaniel,
Eleventh of the Foriy-third; Charles O. Down
ing, First of the Thirty-fourth; John J. Re illy,
Ninth of the Thirty-fourth; Charles >f. Loesby,
Eighteenth of the Forty-first; Frederick
Cloueh, First of the Forty-fifth, ami William
M. O'Brien, Twentieth ot the Thirty-seventh.
• — « — •
THE NATIONAL CLUB.
Its Managers Have Signed Jeffries and
Van Buskirk for Early in
September.
The National Athletic Club, which only
very recently received a permit to give a
boxing entertainment, consummated two
matches last evening. The star event will
be a ten-round contest between Jeffries
and Van Buskirk, and this bout will be
followed by a ten-round contest between
Billy Gallagher and George Green. The
managers of the club say tne contests will
be held in the Pavilion about Septem
ber 10.
. NEW • TO-DAT.
SCHOQLBOOKS
BOUGHT,
SOLD,
EXCHANGED.
SE(MD.HAITstATE BOORS
(GOOD AS NEW).
Primary Number Lesson ....15c
Advanced Arithmetic ...............30c
Kngi ish G'-mnmar ................ ...... ..30c
Language Lessons — .". ...2Oc
U. S. Hi5t0ry:............. 55c
Smith's Primer of Physiology ....20c
NEW HIGH SCHOOL BOOKS.
Garley'B Classic Myths ......... .....51. 50
Jennings Outlines Rhet0ric..:. ......51.00
Myers' Modern and M. History .'...»l. 50
Allen's History of R0me...... :.:... .81.00
Myers 'Eastern Nation and Greece 81. 00
Kolfe's Lady of the Lake ...........35c
6x9 Bound 51ate5 ...............;... ...... .... 5o
100 Pointed Slate Penci15....... ...... 10c
Van Ness Bazaar
3 BIG STORES
?■■: : AND FACTORY,
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
NEAR BUSH.
622 KEARNY,
■ HHBH COR. COMMERCIAL
OLYMPIC NOMINATIONS.
Two Tickets Were in the Field
and One Favored a New
Board.
Indications Point to a Hot Campaign
Over the Presidency of the
Institution.
Three hundred members, who are inter
ested in the future welfare of the Olympic
Club, assembled in the gymnasium last
evening to select a nominating committee.
There were two tickets in the field —
white and yellow. The former ticket was
put forward by members who favored the
re-election of President Eaton, and the
yellow by men who favored, with few ex
ceptions, a clean sweep in the directorate
of the club.
The meeting was called to order by F.
W. Eaton, ana that gentleman spoke at
length on the management of the club's
affairs ever since the time of his election
to office. In the course of his remarks he
had occasion to hanl Secretary Bosworth
over the coals for not having the monthly
reports of the club posted in their custom
ary places, but the secretary replied that
he was not at fault in the matter, as he
had instructed the superintendent in this
particular.
Mr. Eaton read a report he had pre
pared of the financial condition of the
club, and explained in detail to the mem
bers present the difficulties that he had to
contend with in conducting successfully
such a heavy undertaking. He explained
the reasons for the decrease in member
ship and why the club was not financially
as prosperous as it was in former years.
Secretary Russ was loudly cheered when
he took the floor. He said. in brief that
he had for many years taken a deep inter
est in the affairs of tde Olympic Club and
that nothing gave him greater pleasure
than to ccc the club in a prosperous condi
tion. He did not touch upon its financial
affairs.
Mr. Eaton then called for nominations,
and after a short pause, Merton C. Allen
arose from his chair. He said that a
change for the better interest of the club
was, in his judgment, necessary; tbat the
club was not exactly what it should be and
that its financial condition might be to
day in a better state.
He then placed in nomination the fol
lowing gentlemen whose names appeared
on the yellow or gold ticket, viz. : Frank
J. Devlin, manager of the Atlas Insurance
Company; Charles H. Lamberton, cashier
of McLaughlin Estate Company; W. H.
Snedaker, general agent of the Rio Grande
Western Railway; George Watkins, man
ager Union Photo Engraving Company,
and John H. Hardy of Wells, Fargo &
Company.
James Sweeney followed in the footsteps
of Mr. Allen and spoke strongly in favor
of five gentlemen whose names appeared
on a white ticket. They were: George
Jones, president Dickman-Jones Com
pany; Charles K. Melrose, cashier Union
Ice Company ; Martin Stevens, attorney
at-law; Dr. O. B. Burns, dentist, and
Thomas Jennings, wholesale grocer.
Chairman Eaton suggested that the
members segregate and those favoring the
white ticket take the east side of the
gymnasium and their opponents the oppo
You pay thousands of
dollars . for life-insurance
and fire-insurance and
grain - insurance and all
kinds of insurance— it
is worth the money ; it is
worth a good deal to be
safe.
We give you tea-insur-
ance for nothing. We of-
fer you (through your
grocer) your money back
if you don't like Schilling's
Best.
We don't dare guaran-
tee our cheaper teas. We
should lose money. Too
many people would want ~.
money back.
But Schilling's Best is
pure; clean; fresh, delicate
tea.
Sold only in packages.
A Schilling & Company
■ San Francisco j ' 848
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
-fOftAND PAVILION
PELECTRicMoTive pOWER
fkori fbLSOM
fS|£MD£6^iHG
nfiU'T FAII T° EXHIBIT
UUll 1 f Alt* TO ATTEND
1 EXCURSION RATES.
■•:*■- PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
HURRAH FOR THE
TWENTY-FIFTH ANNUAL PICNIC
" :' '—of xhk—" . '
RETAIL GROCERS' PROTECTIVE ONION,
SUNDAY. AUGUST 9TH,
SCHUiITZEN PARK, SAN KAFaEL.
.-. Gate and Game Prizes for All. :■
Tickets, ■ ■ including 7 round trip— Adults, '. 60c.;
children, 25c. -•- -■■-■■■--■*■ ..-•,.,,-..-.; ...-. .. ,\ : j : . .--.. ■,:■:,:
Boats leave Tiburon Kerry 9:30 and 11 a. m.,
1:30 and 3:30 P. it. Special train returning 6:30
F. M. . >-•;..--•■•. »-,■;.- . ,
. Music by Yon Der Meh den's Band.
NEW TO-DAT.
Beauty's bane is*^E2
the fading or falling of «^~_3
the , hair. Luxuriant . . '\ •
tresses are far more to the * '
matron than to the maid -whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
site side. Attorney Joseph Coffey objected
to this system of counting voters and sug
gested a vote by ballot, which was gener
ally approved of.
The members, a* they left the hall, cadi
a vote in favor of the yellow or white, and
when the ballots were counted the yellow
ticket, which favored a clean sweep, won
out. The result was 164 yellow as against
127 white.
After the Tote was made known several
of the members who favor Mr. Eaton for
president announced that they would
have an opposition ticket in tne field
which will sweep everything before it on
election day.
It is said that the regular ticket favors
George Newhall for president and H. J.
Crocker for vice-president, Howard Taylof
for leader and Leonard Gill for captain.
rhomas H. Williams' Estate
George E. Williams, executor of the will ol
Thomas H. Williams, has rendered his eighth
annual account. It covers the period from
July 1, 1895, to July 1, 1896. The receipt*
durinß that time wore $133,940 32 and the ex
penditures $133,439 4«.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. , . _\
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
». at th* . n Tiiio Week Only
' ffcw A\T THE |l Xlllo llttn. vlllji
Dll MLA#|kl MAT. SAT.
BALDWIN
■' • „ FROHMAN'S
EMPIRE THEATER CO
THE 'I'T-fB!
BRILLIANT BSICEFIT
SUCCESSFUL OH*
COMEDY , THE
DRAMA DOTJBT
By A. W. Plnero, author of "Sweet Lavender," etc
Calling for the Fall strength of the Superb _j
Organization. A Brilliant Production.
HEXT MOSDAI^TUE GREAT EVENT
Of the Empire Company's Kngagement.
Henry Arthur Jones' Grandest Dramatic Achieve-
THE MASoBeRADERS
With Its Magnificent Dramatic Situations, In-
cluding the Famous
CARD TABL.S-: SCENE.
I .a'atthe,. " All ™ 8 Week!
CALIFORNIA SUCCESS
VfiLirVMim unprecedented
»_'■' The hinging Irish Comedian
CHAUNCEY OLCOTT
-'■':-.w' .-. In the Beautiful Irish Idyl ■
-MAVOURNEEN-
By Horace W. Townsend and George H. Jessop. '
Magnificent scenery.
beautiful costumes.
an unparalleled caBt.
Monday, August 10, ••■illc: IRISH ARTIST."
TRICDLAfIQtB.COTTU)D« cc- UJS»A.njrvWA4tIU-"'
A ' ~~ ■■ •■
GOLD INDEED
MINE
In Every Sense of the Meaning.
Perfect Play.
Perfect Performance
■ And Perfect Scenery
And Costuming.
THE ■ FRAWLEY - COMPANY
• Surpass All Past Efforts.
Monday Next "Th« Great Unknown"
■ By Augustln Daly.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mes.J:.iiskstisk ti-B.KX.rsn. Proprietor & .damn;*;
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
' Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Uinkichs. :
REPERTOIRE FIFTH "WEEK.
THIS EVENING— Leoncavallo's Tragic Opera
THURSDAY In two acts,
FRIDAY "PAGLIACOI,"
SUNDAY Preceded by
EVENINGS, Orchestral Selections. -
' To-morrow and Saturday Evenings,
Gounod's Immortal Opera, 1
"PAUST."
GREAT CASTS.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
SUPEBB SCENERY.
Next Week,
"The Huguenots" Bohemian Girl*
PoT'hr Prlc»s-25c and sOc.'
MOROSCO'S '
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America. .
WAiTKB MOKOSCO. Sole Lease* and Managag >
! THIS EVENING AT EIGHT, ■ ■
Second Week and' Enormous Success of— «
— JAMES M. BBOPHI
"Our California Boy," :
In McKee Ranking Great Drama, '
"THE DAWITES!"
THE PLAY OF THE WEEK!
Evening Prices— 2sc and 500.
. Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. • • '
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.'
O'Farreli street. Between stocfetou and Powell.
' Week Commencing Monday,- Aug. 3.
. '7— NEW PROMINENT NOTABLE: — 7
The Acrobatic Wonders from South America.
THE FOUR N'KLSON SISTERS.
DBUMMONI> STAHiV AND B UK
• BIKBKCK.
BLACK : PATTT.
TKCHOW'S PERFORM ING CATS AND BIONDI
And a great Vaudeville Company. . . •
'.Secure your seals in advance. Reserved seats'
25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs and box-seats'
i 60c. * - ■'" ' ■■*' "■■ " ' ■ ■ "■ ■ ■ '
COMING-KENNEDY, THE KINO LAUGH.
- -, ■:■ MAKER. . • ; '. .
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DARWIN WAS RIGHT '
If Yon Don't Believe It See
"JOE !"
THE BOY SANDOWI
And A Host of Novelties.
; ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Kide, 5 cents.
o* uivv fafea
' ' ;, Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. K. ■ ■
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening,
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc.
78
WITH CLIENTS
ON BOTH SIDES,
Garret McEnerney Scores
the Counsel for
Fair.
HAVE BEEN COQUETTING
Should Be Forced to Take a
Stand on One Side or
the Other.
PUBLIC MORALS AT STAKE.
Interesting Session of the Army of
Lawyers in the Famous Will
Case.
All day yesterday in Judge 81ack's
court there was a breathless hovering on
the brink of great truths in the matter of
James G. Fair's last will.
A il the big lawyers engaged in that most
remarkable controversy were gathered to
gether, fencing, fencing.
Only one or two in all the army hold
the same sword and swear the same
allegiance under whicn only a brief year or
bo ago they started. Such substitution of
banners, such changes of front have been
made that it is hot strange that a man
hesitated to make a thrust at a one-time
enemy in the fear of slaying a friend ; that
be shall have held his hand when con
fronted by an o!d tentmate, and so run
chance? of being slain by his enemy. Did
not Horatius, after inviting a fair woman's
plaudits on his bravery, conspire delib
erately to hand the bridge over to the
invader?
George Knight and Garret McEnerney
Trere at daggers' points yesterd ay, Knight j
being the aggressor, when suddenly he !
brought confusion to his adversary who I
•was about to triumph at the moment the I
latter was about to deliver an effective
Btroke, by crying: "Hold! maize no mis
take. 1 may be your ally a little later."
"But you were my ally; till now I
thought you had been all along I" cried
McEnerney.
"I may be again," said Knight. "I
want to save you from mistakes that may
occur through any misunderstanding. We
have not made the summersault that we
appear to have made."
Nearly every phase, of the complicated j
liiigation had some point to be adjusted
and this brought about the general and, '
to the outsider, very interesting, if some-
What contusing contention. All matters
connected with the litigation were set for
hearing.
I Here was first the deposition of Mrs. J
Craven, interrupted at that night session
tome weeks ago, w lien the lady took ill.
fchc has remained ill ever since. Her phy- 1
Bician, Dr. C. A. Clinton, was in court to
Bay that 11 was impossible for her to be
present.
Mr. Mitchell then suggested that the
deposition be taken in the lady's home.
Mr. Delmas said he had no objection if 1
Dr. Clinton would say that she was equal 1
to the ordeal. Dr. Clinton might be con- I
suited with to-morrow about ,the matter; '
he (Delmas) had not seen hi? client for
•weeks.
Tne matter went over by consent to
August 17.
There was the case of Fair against
Angus to break tbe trust of the earlier j
will. That wan the matter that brought
about the collision of all the forces.- Gar
ret McEnerney, representing Mr. Good
fellow, one of the trustees unuer that early
will, led ttie charge and Dore the brunt of
the battle. He stood, he said, where he
had first taken his stand in this litigation,
and bad watched the changing position of
one phalanx and another. He movrd that
the cause be indefinitely ixstponeu. l!e
asked leave to argue the question and to
present tbe depositions of Stephen j
Roberts', Mrs. Haskius and Miss Margaret
Craven as affidavits in support of the
motion.
Charles S. Wheeler objected. He said |
the depositions cad been taksn in a dif
ferent cause and were irrelevant here.
McEnerney insisted. He said that there j
was mucli in ihe depositions that was
relevant Tney would show that the pur
pose of much of the litigation was
to destroy the capacity of Senator |
Fair's children to testify in the j
contest ot the pencil will; that
Charles S. Wheeler had said so;
also bo wished to show that Mr. Wheeler j
had made a certain contract, whereby Mrs. j
Craven's claims against the Fair estate '
were to be submitted to Richard V. Dey i
for decision as to their worth, and that the j
mru ot £500,000 had been agreed upon to j
be paid to her upon the express condition |
that a certain document written on both |
sides of a single sheet of paper, and which
purported to be the last will of Senator
Fair, should bu admitted to probate.
Judge SlacE allowed the depositions.
Mr. McEnerney then asked if they might
he considered as read that ha might pro
ceed with his argument.
There was considerable opposition to I
this. MoEnerney said he only needed to |
refer to fragments of the deposition, but 1
the objection being insisted upon he said
the wnole thing had better be read so as
not to miss anything.
Judge Van R. Pujerson, who represents
Herman Oelrichs *r. and other minor
heirs, took the ooeaaion of the lull in the
proceedings incident to the depositions
being broucht into court to inquire about
the demurrers to his amended opposition
to the second will. He understood it was
to be withdrawn by Mr. Lloyd, so as to
facilitate the proceedings.
Mr. L'oyd said he had expressed a
wUlingness to withdraw it only on certain
conditions.
"As lam the authority for the state
ment that you did say you would
withdraw it I would like to know what
the conditions are?" said Mr. McEnerney.
■'Mr. Wheeler was away and I said ttatt
if he would agree I would withdraw it.
When 1 have associate counsel I never
act without consulting him."
However, it was agreed that the de
murrer should be withdrawn to simplify
matters.
"We are willing to try the second will
first," said Judge Patenon.
"Seeing that his Honor has already ao
ordered, it does not much matter who con
tents or opposes," said Delmas quietly.
"I have so ordered," said Judge Slack.
Notary Cooney was now called to the
Mund for tbe purpose of signing hii depo
sition and explaining bis dereliction in
failing to appear at the day fixed by the
court for that purpose. Mr. Cooney was
present and came promptly forward.
In answer to the court's question
ing he said he had not thought
it necessary to come into court at the time
stated, and that he had been called away.
He admitted that the court had told him
plainly ami that he had understood, but
i hat he did not attach sufficient impor
tance to the matter.
"Very well," said Judge Slack. "You
will appear 1 ere Wednesday morning to
show cause why you should not bo pun
ished for contempt."
McEnerney said be wished to ask the
witness some further questions; certain
t bings had happened since the taking of
j the deposition which he desired to know
1 about.
Delmas said the deposition was closed,;
but if it was legitimate cross-questions he
made no objections; things that had hap
pened since, however, were not admis
sible. ; ■■ : • . : 
McEnerney put this question : "Did you ;
not on the completion of your deposition
on Tnuisday, July 9, disappear? 1 ' -
: Delmas immediately objected. Thiswas,
not cross-examination. The court sus
tained the objection, remarking that such
questions would be proper in|the contempt
proceedings.
"Your Honor may fine the witness for
contempt, but this" question is directed
here toward fixing the value of the depo
sition itself. If it can be snown that he
wished to evade the issue, feared to sign
I the deposition, it will serve to discredit it."
Mr. Delmas said he would advise the
wituess not to answer the question, as it
was not cross-examination, and the court
sustained him in so doing. McEfierney
then asked the same question several times
in different forms, all of which were treated
in the same manner.
Delmas now recited the circumstances
concerning the change of the attitude of
Charley Fair toward the pencil will. He
had offered it for probate once, declaring
it to be his father's last will. Then he
entered an opposition to it. Up to this
j time, however, the sisters or their at
torneys had not been served, and so far as
the record is concerned they are still with ;
the pencil will.
Heggerty said he was sure the attorneys
had been served. The record, however,
would be cleared, he said.
R. B. Mitchell read a petition giving
notice that they would ask for an order
giving permission to "inspect a certain
marriage contract alleged to be in posses
sion of Mrs. Nettie R. Craven; also a let
ter of the date of December 16, 1894, pur
porting to come from Senator Fair to Mrs.
Craven, toge'her with all the papers she |
may possess."
Mr. Delmas objected. He said these pa
pers had nothing to do with the. case at
bar, which was a suit to quiet title to real
estate. The obvious purpose of the mo
tion was to secure information belonging
10 their adversaries; to discover the
strength and weakness of thjeir case.
Their was no provision in the code for
i such a proceeding. It must be shown
I that the papers sought were necessary to
i their own case. This had not and could
not be done."
McEnerney, in reply, said that the issue
in this case was, of course, whether or not
j these papers were forgeries. He held that
! they were. It was not necessary to Know
\ whether or not Senator Fair and Mrs.
I Craven were really married. He began to
recite the series of incidents connected
I with the making of the will, when Delmas
1 interrupted him with the remark that he
was quoting fromaftid avits that were not
filed at the time the petition on which his
motion was based was dated.
The motion was withdrawn on this
i showing with the promise that it would be
, renewed to-day. With this the morning
proceedings ended.
The argument in the matter of Fair vs.
Angus was fixed for the afternoon, and
Mr. McEnerney began by the introduc
{ tion of the affidavits of Mrs. Haskins and
Margaret Craven.
Mr. Knight interrupted with the in
quiry as to whether Mr. McEnerney
would vouch for the parties, as' to whether
they were worthy of belief.
MnEnerney said he offered them simply
as affidavits. •
"But," said Mr. Knight, "if you do not
believe in them yourself it is an imposi
tion on this court to present them to sus- j
] tain your position. You have yourself
assailed one of these parties as I have
never before heard a woman assailed.
Now, will you say that her affidavit is
worthy of credence? . .
"It takes my breath away to hear the
attorneys on the other side challenge our I
position in this way. I stand where I
stood at the beginning of this litigation.
There is one firm here representing three
clients, one of whom is for the pencil 1
will, the others opposed to it. Other gen
tlemen who favored the pencil will are
now opposed to it. It must be
accepted, if we have any belief in pro
fessional honor, that they" were convinced
that it was a forgery; that it was not the
true will which, they at first claimed it to
be. Now eve wish to get at the facts; let
us have no more coquetting with these
two wills.. They should be compelled to I
take a stand one way or the other. As j
Mr. Wheeler said' in his open- I
ing address to the court in this
matter over a year age: 'This
case involves the most important question
that has perhaps ever come before our 1
courts. The parties td it should be made ]
to take a stand one way or the other. '• It
is a matter affecting our public morals' "
He referred caustically to the compromise
contract, and said: . "The first thing to be j
determined is as to which of thfse docu
ments is the last will of Senator Fair. If j
it is the pencil will then that ends it so I
far as we are concerned, and no one will
leave it with less regret than my client !
and myself."
Knight declared that so far as Knight & ]
Heggerty were concerned it was pretty i
well understood as to how they had always j
looked upon pencil wills and kindred
documents. As.the case went on it would
be shown they bad not turned a very
heavy somersault. He said they might j
yet join McEntrney in his position against
that document, and: be did not want him
to make the mistake of vouching for a !
witness that he (Knight) would never |
vouch for. ' .■'■'
Reuben H. Lloyd rose up very angry at
McEnerney. "I stand here and say that it
is not true that a compromise was offered
discreditable, in any way. lam tired of I
hearing these insinuations from the other j
side. I was practicing law before he was j
horn, and I know as much about profes- j
sional honor as he does and of what is re- 1
quired between counsel and client." ,*
Wheeler also felt called upon to answer I
McEnerney's onslaught. He was more
discursive than Lloyd, however. Touch
ing "the broad question of public morals"
he wanted to know where McEnerney was
when a $300,000 proposition was made to
Mrs. Craven. '
McEnerney said that was easily disposed
of. When the representatives of Charles
Fair set up that Mrs. Craven had claims
against the estate that she would re
linquish, his client, Mr. Goodfellow, had
consented to represent the matter to the
court with recommendation in her favor.
That was »11.
Delmas said the only question before the
court now was. "Is this pencil will a valid
will?" He was ready to put it to the
issue. ...
Judge Paterson joined McEnerney in
asking for a postponement of the suit to
quiet title. The matter was held over !
until 11 a. M. Wednesday. • ..,•■■
BEREAVED AND POOR.
Sad Condition of a New-Made Widow
and Her Four Helpless Little Ones.
Mrs. Otilia Klaber of 15^ Harrison ave
nue was left a widow on the 23d of July
last, her husband dying after an illness of
three years, during which time he had
been able to do little or no work. To add
to the trials of the destitute widow her
four children, the eldest of whom 13 only
9 years of age and .the youngest an infant
0f.7. weeks, are now without even a sick
father to take charge of them while the
mother is away at her dally work. Yes
terday Mrs. Klaber asked Secretary Welch
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children to have all her little ones,
save the infant, placed in some public in
stitution. She says she can take her baby
to work' with her. The case, which is a
peculiarly sad one, will receive immediate
attention. •
Taught Him a Lesson.
F. J. Ryan works in the stockyards at Baden.
Last Friday James Madden, a painter, met
him in Baden and told him he was hard up.
Ryan took him home and allowed him to
sleep on a lounge in his room. When Ryan
awakened next morning Madden had gone
and Ryan missed his gold watch, chain aud
locket. He learned that Madden had pawned
the timepiece, and yesterday he swore to a
complaint charging him wiih grand larceny
Maiden was arrested by Policemen T L Rvan
and Engel. J
Loans on diamond*. Jmere« low. At Uncle
Harris'i 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 18H6.
STIRRNG PLEAS
FOR SINGLE TH,
Masterly Presentation of
the Arguments in Its
Favor.
CROWDS ARE PRESENT.
Eloquent and Forcible Address
by Ralph E. Hoyt of
Delaware.
SOME OF THE POINTS SCOEED.
Remarks by Miss Susan B. Anthony,
the Hon. James G. Maguire, J. H.
Barry and Others.
Single tax was eloquently discussed and
the cause of its advocates generously con
tributed to last night at Metropolitan
Hall, where a large number of people
gathered to listen to Ralph E. Hoyt, who
came all the way from Delaware to solicit
"We are in favor of a single standard of justice for all," said Ralph E. Hoyt
last night at Metropolitan Hall.
I
'■ funds for the campaign of the single-
I taxers now going on in that State, to the
i Hon. James G. Maguire, James H. Barry
and others. Seated among the speakers
I of the evening on the platform were Jo
seph Leggett, Miss Mary E. Hay, D. Gil
bert Dexter and others prominent in re
| form movements.
L. M. Mauzer called the meeting to
I order, stating its object was to have the
! single-tax question explaiuel by those
I who have made a close study of it and to
I secure funds for the Delaware single-tax
campaign.
"The war that we are waging," he «aid,
I "is a peaceful one. It depends upon moral
I force. The parties are now lining up;
j they are those who are committing whole
i sale robbery and those who are opposed
j to it."
Ralph E. lloyt was introduced, and in
slow, well-rounded sentences and clearly
enunciated words told of the progress of
the battle in the little and historic State of
Delaware. Mr. Hoyt is a man well on in
years, his hair being of a silvery white.
He spoke in part as follows:
We are not all In favor oi free silver, but we
are all In favor of free land. We are not all in
favor of a gold standard, but we are in favor
of a single standard of justice for all. We
have nothing against the gold bug or the
silver bug, but we are after the land bug, and
we will catch him, too, in the Delaware trap.
The land question closely Involves the labor
question. When the landlord is abolished the
labor questloo will be settled. Thou no one
will need to look for a job. There will be
plenty of land for every one.
A year agd the Single Tax Society decided to
concentrate its elforis in Delaware to secure
the passnge of & single-tax law there.
Three or four years aero an experiment was
I tried in the town of HyattsviUe. Taxes were
j removed from personal and improved pro p-
I ertv, and enough was added to the land to
I make up the deficiency. It worked most favor
ably. More money was spent during tbe next
year for improvements than for any preceding
year. At tbe end ot a year the Supreme Court
of the State declared this single-tax law un
constitutional, and the next year improve
ments fell off to a most remarkable extent.
The chairman of the town trustees of Hyatts
vi lie was lUe one who suggested the present
campaign in Delaware, and this led to the
present movement In that State.
Single tax is not socialism nor anarchy.
It is i:ot too late to abolish this present
gigantic evil of taxation— the mother of all
grinding and oppressive monopolies. Nature
lormed no statute of limitations. The time has
come for its abolition. Let us abolish It by the
single tax.
About sixteen yean ago a proclamation was
issue.; by a man in the far West lv this very
City of San Francisco. He called his proclama
tion "Progress and Poverty." It has since
been printed In all the languages of civiliza
tion aud has been read by millions of people.
To-day all true singie-taxers everywhere
throughout this land are sacredly pledged to
stand by that proclamation.
James H. Barry spoke of the blessings
that would result from the adoption of the
single tax.
"Under right conditions," hp said,
"every invention should be a blessing, but
under existing conditions it is a curse, as
it throws men out of employment every
where; and the more surplus labor you
have tne more readily can yon enslave it.
With the single tax in operation no man
will need to be out of employment, for
there will then be ample field for his
labors."
James A. Reynolds followed in a brief
appeal fo' funds and succeeded in gather
ing in nearly $200.
Congressman Maguire started the con
] tribution with a $20 piece and Mr. Rey-
I nolds followed suit. James H. Bnrry, M.
| Ross of Petaluma and Benjamin Johnson
!of Copperoi<olis each contributed $10.
I Chairman Manzer, Joseph Leggett and
j two others each dortate'd $5, ana then a
I collection was taken up by passing
around the hat.
Susan B. Anthony, who had a seat on
the platform, made an appeal for votes for
the eleventh amendment, striking out the
word '"male" from the constitution, and
met with a cordial reception.
Congressman Maguire then spoka as fol
lows:
Of all reforms to be accomplished I hold sin
gle tax to be first, because it will establish the
complete independence of mankind and en
able him to work out his own salvation.
No matter what arguments may appeal to
others to give suffrage'to the woman, no self
ish argument need be made to the slngie-tax
eri. We do not ask how they will vote; all we
! desire to know is that they are right.
In the Delaware campaign the initial strug
gle for industrial emancipation is now. being
made. Everywhere I find a feeling of unrest
among the people of the United States -a de
sire to fine something that will relieve them
from their present troubles. Industrial eman
cipation cannot come until man has free and
equal access to the natural resources stored
up in the earth. No reform can accomplish
that resuit except the single tax, which will
strike down the barrier that stands between
the people and their natural opportunities.
Grand Jury Did >'ot Meet.
The United States Grand Jury was to have
been formally sworn in yesterday, but when
the time arrived it was found that too many
had been excused. In addition to this P. B.
Cornwall, Charles Kohler and F. McKee Stock
ing were absent, Judge Morrow promptly hold
ing them in contempt of court. The Marshal
was instructed to bring the derelict jurors in to
court on Friday next. A special venire of
twenty-five was also ordered.
Broke Hi* I^egr.
Frederick Fillmore. 232 Oak street, an em
ploye in Buckingham & Hecht'sshoe factory,
was alighting irom a Castro-street car last
night at Eleventh and Market streets when he
fell and broke his left leg in two places. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and was
atteuded to by Dr. Stice.
HYDRAULIC MINERS.
An Interesting Keport From T. X>.
Ford Upon Late Congres
sional Hills.
An interesting meeting of the executive
board of the California Miners 1 Associa
tion was held last evening, and those
present were: J. H. Neff, president ; A.
Carrlngton, secretary pro lem. ; W. W.
Montague, Dan T. Cole, Professor Christy,
S. J. Hendy, Hon. Grove L. Johnson, E. C.
Voorheis, E. H. Benjamin, S. K. Thorn
ton, H. T. Power, Felix Cnappelet, J. J.
Crawford, J. W. Wright, Thomas R.
Church, Tirey L. Ford, J. M. Thomas and
Judge J. F. Davis.
Nearly the whole session was consumed
in listening to the Hon. Tirey L. Ford,
who went to Washington in the early
part of the year to represent the interests
of tbe California hydraulic miners before
Congress. In his report Mr. Ford stated
that the bill intended to reduce the penal
ties provided in the Caminetti act
was not passed. The bill intended
to amend the Federal mining laws
was temporarily neglected, but it may pass
at a future date. The mineral lands bill
also failed to pass, owing to parliament
ary technicalities which made its continu
ance necessary to the next Congress.
However, Mr. Ford and the California
delegation and friends in other parts of
the United States did succeed in securing
the passage of an appropriation bill for
$25X000 for tbe construction of debris-
Impounding dams in several of tbe tribu
taries of the largo navigable streams of
California.
It was decided to hold the next conven
tion of the California Miners' Association
on the second Tuesday in November.
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
Opening; of the Fall Term— Success of the
Night Class Assured.
The fall term of tbe School of Design of
the Ban Francisco Art Association opened
yesterday under favorable auspices. The
term this season opens two weeks earlier
than usual, and no doubt many of the
students will not report until the middle
of trie month.
The enrollment yesterday shows a repre
sentation of pupils, not only from Cali
fornia, but from other States of the Pa
cific Coast.
The directors of the association are
highly gratified over«the assured success oi
the night class Already forty students
have been enrolled and twenty-seven at
tended the school ia»t night.
This class is conducted by John Stanton.
He urged its establishment on tbe board
of trustees, and is very confident that it
will become popular. In the work of pre
paring for the reception of this class the
directors have extended encouragement to
Mr. Stantan. The opening last night was
exceedingly agreeable to the teacher.
"Wall Street and Gold.
George H. Sullivan of the Wall-street law
firm of Sullivan & Cromwell is at the Palace.
His father is attorney for the bondholders of
the Northern Pacific Railroad and Is now in
the Northwest on business connected with
that road. Mr. Sullivan arrived here last
night from the orange and lemon country
near Loe Angeles, where he has been arrang.
iug some private business that prompted this
his first visit to California. He- says tbat
wherever he has been he has noticed that the
men who have been successful in business— the
men who may on that account be locked upon
as timtncial experts— are all in favor of a gold
standard. On the other hand, those inexpe
rienced in large business enterprises and un
successful in small ones waju silver. The
same people, he declare*, imagine that in ot>-
Eosiug gold they are opposing an element that
as its life only in Wail street. Whereas a ma
jority of the operations by the brokers in that
street are the direct result of telegraphic or
ders from stock aud bond-holders all over the
country. So, in opposing Wall street, a man
may be fighting against his next-door neigh
bor.
A BARTENDER'S GOOD LOCK.
Adolph Nothbaar Is the Heir
to a Large Fortune in
Germany.
Adolph Nothbaar, a bartender at the
New Louvre at 14 O'Farrell street, was
yesterday notified by tbe German Consul
that he had fallen heir to a large estate in
Germany. The windfall consists of 450,
-000 marks, which comes to the bartender
through the death of an uncle in Father
land.
There Is also a prospect of Nothbawr
falling heir to a fortune of 1,000,000 marks
frcm a relative in Austria. The lucky
man is 52 years of age, and married and
he has several children.
His wife has some roeans in her own
right. The family live at 537 Stevenson
street. Some time ago Nothbaar was
the proprietor of the old Kathskiller
saloon on Turk and Market streets before
that place became the Thalia. He has
since been employed as a plain bartender.
Years ago he was the proprietor of a saloon
in Oakland. Nothbaar states that he will
return to Germany at once and take pos
session of his property, which, however,
he will have to share with his only rela
tive, a sister.
ALMA JOSSELYN DYING.
Dr. Marten Writes Her a Letter Plan-
ning a Flight From tbe Chief
of Police.
Alma Josselyn, the young woman who
lays all the suffering of her blighted
existence to the mesmeric glitter of Dr.
Marten's restless orbs, lies on the death
couch, with the moist imprint of the grim
specter on her brow.
Her physician, Dr. Logan, states that in
his opinion hardly forty-eight hours will
have elapsed ere the soul of the un
fortunate girl is ferried across the Stygian
River.
Her father appeared pale and worn last
night, and said that with a single excep
tion all her relatives had been sent for to
be present at the last hour.
In the meantime Svengali Marten sits
in his cell and concoct.s schemes to regain
his former influence over her. Two days
ago he sent a note to a friend requesting
that an inclosed letter be Bmuggled to her.
The epistle is indited in a microscopic
hand, and recalls to mind a dream she
had in which he appeared in the grasp of
the Chief of Police. He admits that the
dream has materialized, but says he will
soon be released on a writ of ha
beas corpus, and asks her to meet him at
a date to be named later. Then he will
have a carriage in waiting and will bear
her away from the scene of their troubles.
The news that she is dying greatly
shocKed him and he is now writing imag
inary prescriptions in the air to woo her
back to life and health.
COMPROMISED A CONTEST.
L Tlie Widow of Charles D. Root Settles
With His Divorced Wife.
The contest of the will of Charles D.
Root was yesterday compromised in Judge
Coffey's court.
The case was a somewhat peculiar one.
Mr. Root was married twice. The first
marriage was an unhappy one and re
sulted in a divorce. A short time after
the separation a child was born to the
first wife, which child Mr. Root never
saw. The result of the second marriage
was a little girl, now 18 months old. The
contest of the will was brought by the first
wife in behalf of her child.
It seems that when the original Mrs.
Root was divorced the court allowed her
$25 per month for maintenance of the
child. Five months after the divorce was
granted she was married to a man named
Brown, who has always been regarded by
the child as his father.
Mr. Root in his will made provision for
the continuance of the monthly payment
for the support of his child by the first
marriage and left the balance of the estate
to his second wife. Mrs. Brown was not
satisfied with the provision made for her
child and so contested the will,
The case was settled by what was vir
tually a compromise. Mrs. Brown in
addition to the $25 per month was al
lowed $3000 in cash. A jury was formally
summoned and went through the legal
form of awarding that amount to the con
testant.
The entire estate is worth about $75,000.
• NEW 10-DAT.
T Profits
wm Divided
|J||L Customers.
BIG CUT
ON
Crockery, China and Glassware
A HANDSOME PRESENT ' i
GIVEN EACH CUSTOMER
PPIIIT ' 45c per Doz. Pints
I *V*-' 1 * 55c per Doz. Quarts
I A DC 7SI: per Uoz. Half Gallons
jn| V J ••:■ 30c per Doz.- Jelly Glasses
Great Americanlmportinfr Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES: -
1344 Market st. ;~,'u6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 21S Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fill more st. '■',
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st. ]
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth St.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st . 3359 Mission st*
: ' '83 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
135$ Park St., Alameda.
■h ■-■;. ■'*"■' .:
|i Monument
II >1 To California's
if I greatnes — her
& I " home industries.
V For nearly half a
" '^' \ / century
IT^ \ 'N. "STANDARD"
l-^t^, SHIRTS
I IlrkfS^ I * have been build "
I 'I IJ^ rag ing a monument
*1 J|7^!st . 1/ that to-day towers
\L ill I MARK I I */ ■-: . r "V -^naMi^ ■ *■>• "^t
all LJ-i fV ,ff, hiphasa leading
,'^^4 . . \J V iuKXP industry of the
HP .. ' iw Pacific Coast
mjj ■'■",%, W,. All dealers sell
>r^- ■*>*&?*'%&: them.
• tNeustadter Bros., Mfrs.; S. P.; CaL
NEW TO-DAr-DB^GOOD«.
I CLOSING -OUT |
I SALE I
§ OF SUMMER GOODS. , g
S2 s*s*Srs*€ S
zZ£ Such extraordinary giving away of goods ought and does
i? fill the Maze with eager buyers. Monday, the first day of our _^
g CLOSING-OUT SALL, was a "hummer." "We'll keep it
up." Here's a few items to astonish you. S=
| LADIES' DM SUITS $1.00. |
~"tg Another big cut In Duck Suits to close them out. Plain white or fancy «»~
""• styles, in dark, medium and light colors. Were worth up to $5.00. i °^
They'll go f0r.... ' %D I m
| LADIES' PETTICOATS 65c. !
Fancy Grass Lawn Petticoats In striped and fancy patterns, full sweep /^|>a TUrn
S^: and double flounces at bottom, worth $1, for UwLi —^
3 "" -•■■; iM 'i J "" ;- . . -. ■ rfc ' fc
■2! m a "9 mm a Crinkled Zephyr Petticoats in dark tan colors, extra wide sweep zZm
g\X /OCi and double Lole Fuller flounce; were $125. ;^«»
ii i
J2- A* OEC*« Ladies' Pique Duck Petticoats, favorite linen color in fancy m -m
o«— fm\\ OOCi striped effects, deep Spanish flounce at bottom; were $1.25; to -^g
Si sell for $sc. &Z
g- m | f%tZ^\ Heavy English Linen Colored Striped Duck Petticoat?, cut very ' "**g
-^» f\\ %7OCs full, deep box-pleated flounce at bottom; were $150; will sell »—
~~^' 'em for 95c. • g~
zzS A* d X *■» Heavy English Percale Wash Petticoats, plain and striped linen
=^ Jf\\. «/OCi colors, double Loie Fuller bottom flounce shirred on, tood value 5—
J^ at $1 50, for 95c.
1 DRESDEN SILKS 75c. |
—5- . Every woman in San Francisco should see our Silk values during this sale. We 5-
Jfc: mean them to go and have priced them lower than any in town. A magnificent -^g
m^ Dresden Silk that sold for $1 50 marked 75c, in beautiful designs. — >•
I' DUCKS Be. ZEPHYRS 15c. " |
S^ Ax i Cr\ Real Scotch Zephyrs, nearly yard wide, in pretty plaids and pin ~"^»
*^~ rW, I vvi checks, closed out at 15c. Downtown stores ask 25c. ~~w
S^ Ii O <-» Best American Duck and Pique in the most popular dark colorings;' ~*T»
JJ2J #%l Ovi were 1254 c; closed at Be. jjj^»
1 CHILDREN'S SUN HATS 50c. |
A large assortment lot of Sun Hats, in embroidered lawn, colored ~^
*^2 chambry, silk mull, etc. Some were as high as $2. You can have VZm^%*\ IT*
ZZm yourchoice for OwCa S^
I." . LADIES' HOSE 12k. |
**ZZ Ladies' Fast Black Cotton Hose, full fashioned, guaranteed fast and IAl A
ZZZm stainless dye, regular price 20c, now Idb'-'Ca Sj^
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26, 31,
And' Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry . Landing, foot of j
, . Market St., at 8:00 p. k.
CDCPIAI '""•» 01 I) Including Berth, -
OrllulAL ' UI U Tourist Sleeper. >
DATCC i PIQ First-class, including
RATES ) Si 9 Ber^ e^. dard
For further information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F. • ;
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN, .
Gen. Traffic Mgr. -• Gen. Pass. Agt.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. M.: 13:S\ i
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:38
and 11:30 p.m. - - .
6DNDAYB-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. v.; 1:30, 3:3 ft !
6:00, 6:20 P. U. .
: Man Rafael to Ban Franc!
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a.m.- i
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays tripi
•at 1 :65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. - „
SUNDAYS— 9 :a6, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4,0,
6:00,6:25 p. K. .•«,«»
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams : '
• schedule as above.
Leave ....J I ' Arrive
Ban Francisco. Apr"?T San Franclsca
Weik I Sun- DpR Itf.^lmJ1 t f.^ lm J Bnx-. I Were"
Dayb. I pays. UWlnatlon^ DAYa . j Dm
7:30 7:30 a"m Novato, 10:40 am j 8:40 am
8:30 pm, 9:30 am I'ctaluma, 6:05 10:10 ** I
6:10 pm : 5:00 fli Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 0:15 pm
j "1 Fulton, - -Hj'
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am !
iHealdsburg,
" IGeyservlUe,
8:30 pm 7:30 am) Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:18 pm
- ?leta, »
7:30 AMi - Hopland A ■ 10:10 am l
8 :30 I 7:3oam Uklah. 7:3opm 6:15 j
1:30 am] ■-■-• j ••"• \lO :10 am j
i 7:80 am Guerneville. 7:30 rx |
3:30 pmJ I 6:15 pm
7:80 am 7:30 am| Sonoma 110:40 am -8:40 am i
■ - and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm I Glen Kllen. | 6:05 pm; 6:15 pm I
7:30 am|7:3o ami K a . tOD oi 1 10:40 am 1 10:10 AM 1
B:BOpm!sK)opm| B<lb * st<>pol - | 6:o6afM| 6 :lspm ,
Stall's connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for - skaczs Springs: at ;
Cloverdaie for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland ;
Springs, KelseyVille, Soda Bay and i*alceport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart! ett . Spring*; at
Xlkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Later, Porno, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, ■ Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hull vine, Booneville, ;
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, '
Fort Bragg, Westport, TJsal, Wiilets. Canto, Co- |
Te;o, Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduosd ;
MM ■> --.•■-- -..--■-.---.•< ■ . .v . . . - • ■ ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be- !
yond San Rafael at halt rates V
1 Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle huUdlnt. -
H. C WHITINO. R. X. V AN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
A.tis.ntic ii^^^fl^fe^r
Pacific i^i§i||-§X'
RAILROAD i^^^^^^H
Trains leave anl arrlvo h:
Market-Street Ferry. ILw9v'-?>§S^[?ili
SASTA l-'FiXPR! SS. p|p
To Chicago via A. & I' . {s>23^!?§pvyTg|
Direct Line V<((£^^g|
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carry.v« mi man
Palace Drawing-room Kleeinrs, also Modern Ln.
hOl i It v e^2i Tour ' Sleeping-cars, with clean linen t
»n.l beddlncandlnchartteof a porter, run daily
}or^nVe O rkK O L V t ! U ,s KanB!lBC ' Uy - Ana ~
Persona ly conducted Boston Kxcnrslons Tla
Kansas Ciiy, Chicaeo, ilontreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
-The best railway from California to the East. !
New rails, new lieu: no dust: Interesting scenery:
•nd good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. "> I
Ticket Office-644 Market Street^ ■>■'.
. - -• Chronicle Unlldior.
Telephone Main 1531. : • .v, ._^
NOTARY public.
pHABLES IL PHILLIPS, ATTOKXEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, tf3S Market at, oppo-
Jrellu, 'ielephona; "tin*" \ii\)L
RAILROAD TRAVEL: ■
iotJTii kr jTT i v*< r ifitr^cosnrAM^i ~."~"
(PACIFIC BVBTEM.)
Tmlui leave itmt nrc <1n« to nrrlve M
.:. ; SAN FIUNCIMiO.
{.bate — FbQM JCXE 7. 139 C. — . ARltlva
'•6:00 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:4.1 a
7:00 a Atlantic ExpreES, Oc'lcu and l'.;ist.. *-4.~»»
7:00 a Beaicu, ViicaviLe, Jiurcsey, Sacrar
mcDto, Orovillo and ttedding Ti»
Davis 6:45*
7:00 a Martinez, S;ia Ramon, Napo, CalU- •
tosa and ijanta liosa 0:13*
8:30 a Nile*. H.i:i Juko, .Stockton, lone,
Sacrasseato, lUarys»illo anil Red
r,!uir 4:I«|-
-•S-.3OA Peters ami Milton »7:l!Ip
•:»»«»* Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
i;.ir!)ira and l.o» Ange1e5......... . 4:4.1*
©:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:15 a
O:OO a Vallejo. O:15p
1:00 Nili-s, San Joss and Liveroiore. 8: 15 a
•l:OOp Sicrarnento Kiver Steamers. »9:00p
fl>3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43r
4:UOi- Martinez, Sail lUnion, Vallejo,
R.il.i, Callatogii, HI Verano fend
Sim i:osn Si 15 A
*:«Or B?nic;a, VacarSUe, Woodland, ■
Kciglits Landing, MarTSTUI6»
Oro?ill<f: and Haernniento I«i43a
4:8»p Nil*'.s, San Jose, Liverinora and
Stockton..... 7:15p
4:3tr Merced, llerenda, Raymond (for
Vosemitc) and Fresno 11>4-Xa
OtOOr New Orleans i;»pri.::f. l''resno.l!akcra=
•k'lil, 88111.1 l!:irl>ara,J,os AngeleiL
Den ling, El Taso, New leans and
Sast ...;. 10:15 a
StOOrSauta Ko Jli.ute-. Atlantic impress
for Mojavo ami Kast 1G:1.1a
5:0 Op Vallejo 11:4.1 a
6:0»i- l'.uropc:iii M.r'l, Ogiloti and Kaat 9il-1a
«:OOp llayirnrdti, Niks mid Kan Jose 7:1.1 a
t7:00r> Va11ej0........ , j7f.45p
7:OOp Oregon J'UprKss.liarraiiiento, Marys-
vllle, Reildinir, rortiand. I'uget
Soiiiidanil i;a.tl: 10:45 a
; SASIA <;U1 Z I>lVl'.:<>.\ (Xbitoit tJaugej.
~ 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, baata Crux T
and Princfpil Way Stations {SiOSp
• «I.la Nowar!{,Ceiitcrvilli\.S:m.lose,Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way - ,
Stations B:3Vp,
•t:lSp Newark, Ce-itprville, Sail .loso. Neve
Almost), I'elton, I'onldcr Creole,
Santa . Cm; and Principal Way
Stations ..-. *Il<2oa
ttil.lt' Nevrarlt. San .Inso and t.(i.t Hatos.... 1?»:.'iO > ,
COAST lUVISIPN (Tliinl A TownsewJ St*.)
•*6:43ASan Jque ami Way .stiiiioiia (New
Alraaden Wednesdays only) .»' 9:47 a
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Joaeu
• Santa Cmi, PadiSc Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations 13:33?
■:15a San .loso, Tres I'inos, Kutita Cruz,
J'acilio r.rovt". Paso Roblcs,-Sa«
J.uls Oliispo. Guadilupe and Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7r03 p
t9:47A Palo Alto and Way Stations. fl:3op
IO:IOa Han Jo— -ad Way Stations «:oOp
1 1: SO a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30?
*2:3»r San Matco, Mcnlo Park, Kau .\i)t%,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm:,
SallnaB,Monterey mid PaciOcOrnve *IO:4O A '
•»::u»p San Joso, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations •l;3OP
M-.30p San Jose Way Stations.. •s-.uUa
1 .1;3O p San .loso and Principal Way Stations •»: Ift a
O:BOp San Jose a«d Way Stations 0::»5 a
Hl:4Sp «an Josenii»\Wi>7 Station^..... t7:4.'»
NAN mAMHiO AM* HAIWAHUS UM'AL.
••0:00a 1 ( 7:13 a
8:00 a ... 1 (9:4.1 a
,$3& Helr«.«, Seminary Park, j jiiigj
a fi!o^r Htehb»r ft Le»ii(lro "JjJgJ
«:OOp ._j[ 4:45r
4:flop *" a ' 5:4.1f
<>:OOp Ba»warda. «:13f
7:"«P _ . . ■> &-AX,
O:OOp | * Runs through to Niles. 10-50*
itll:l.-> P tFromNiles. jttlgloo»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
fun SAN mMISCO— of Htrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a.m. . Jl:flO ♦3:30' t3:CI
•4:00 . 10:00 .'•6:oop.m. 1 . . .
from OlKLJLStt— Foot of Braid — <tS:Oo' 804
? 10:00 a.m. tia:OO *l:00 $2:00 *3:00 • ti:CI
-»:OQI-.M. ■ - .-. - ■■■ _
;' A for Mcrning. . P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only,
;■,;;•(:.• - - " J Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
I S Saturdays and Sun.ays for Santa Cruz.
' YAoMUn and tlfn*u !• ■ rom Cental Cm*.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
- (Via Sausnlito Ferry). ;
■ rom San Francisco, commencing June 15, 1890.
WEEKDAYS..
For Mill VaJley and San R»fael-7:0O, ♦8?00
*9:15 10:16. 11:45, ▲. v.: '1:JB. 3:20. 4:1%
. 5:16, *b:00, 0:35 p. id.
Extra trips for San Uafael on Mondays, Wedne»
aaysand Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
_ BUND AYS.
For Mill Valley . and San Rafael - «8 : 00, »9:OT,
•10:00, 11:80 a. m. ; **l-.':Si>. "1 :30, *2:15, *4:ott
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. v. txir a trip to Hauialltoat
- 11:00 a. v.
Trains '■■ marked .. * run to San Qnenttn. ••13:3f
■ p. K. does not rnn to Mill Va.;«v.
■ - ; THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point. Reyes ana way at&;lons— 8:00 a. M.
Bacnrdays; 9 a. v. $und»ii»; 6:15 p. M.' weekday*.
■For. Point Revest, Cazadero and way station*-*
tOO a. Jt.^Sunday§; li4s_fi_¥*_KeeJ«la»a^ —£3@vO-<©=s- I ■ , :
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-A.t 1O Cents.
1260 yards 36-INCH DRESS GOODS, in pin head checks, reduced from 25c to 10c a
yard.
-A.t SO Cotits.
1600 yards 30-INCH FANCY FIGURED DRESS GOODS, in tan, green and garnet,
reduced from 40c to 20c a yard.
At 2S Oenta. :
960 yards 38-INCH FINE ALL- WOOL STRIPED DRESS GOODS, in blue and white,
black and white and brown and white, reduced from 50c to 25c a yard.
jSL-t 23 Cents.
1740 yards 39-INCH FIGURED MOHAIRS AND LUSTERS, in blues, tans and grays,
reduced from 65c to 25c a yard.
J±.t .SO Cexxts. ;
1160 yards 42-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL NAVY STORM SERGE, re-
duced from 75c to 50c a yard.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
j&L.t SO Oentes a, Yard.
800 yards FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, will be closed out at 50c a yard, marked down
from 85c and $1.
-A.t 75 Cents £*, 7P*ax*c3..
600 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN DUCHESSE, will be closed out at 75c a yard,
marked down from $1.
.A.t 75 Cents A. Yard.
700 yards DRESDEN AND FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, will be closed out
at 75c a yard, marked down from $1 and $1 25. -
yv-t: OS Cents A Yard.
500 yards INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, will be closed out at 85c. a yard,
marked down from $1 25.
At &1.00 a Yard.
1200 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN AND GROS GRAIN SILK, will be closed
out at $1 a yard, marked down from $1 25.
' ' '' " ■ T
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 35 Cents. t
20 piece* FIGURED MOHAIR, 38- inch, reduced from 60c to 35c
At SO Cents.
25 pieces FANCY WEAVE, in a variety of styles, reduced from $1 to 50c.
.At SO Cents.
20 pieces 42-INCH ENGLISH SERGE, reduced from 75c to 50c.
• At 73 Cents.
50 pieces 54-INCH ENGLISH CHEVIOT, all pure wool, extra good value for fl 25 a
yard, will be offered at 75c .
At ftl.OO.
100 pieces of PRIESTLEY'S latest designs in fancy weaves, just opened, will be
placed on sale at $1 per yard-.
Utif Murphy Building, ./
Met and Jones SWi
REV, DR. BROWNSON
CREATES A STORM,
His Paper on the Bible in
Schools Evokes Caustic
Comment.
SABBATH OBSERVANCE.
Dr. Willey Demands That the
European Method Be Dis
couraged.
SOME VACATION EXPERIENCES.
Reception to Dr. Callendar and Wife
Who Are Going as Missionaries
to China.
Yesterday's session of the Baptist Min
isterial Society was signalized by a ripple
of excitement seldom permitted to disturb
the smooth waters of their discussion. At
one time, in fact, the ripple threatened to
swell in volume and become a storm wave,
but a little verbal oil was poured upon the
surface of the deep and the impending
calamity was averted.
It all came about on account of the orig
inal and startling statements in a paper
read by Rev. T. G. Brownson, the new
president of the California Baptist College.
The title of the paper was, "Oueht the
Bible to .have a Prominent Place in Bap
tist Schools?"
President Brownson introduced his sub
ject by noting that in every Baptist schoo
tne course of study covers three or four
years. He thought that the Bible ought
to have at least a full year as a complete
study, and that to graduate from a Bap
list school of whatever grade a full year of
BiDle study should be required.
In proof of this he went on to say that a
careful study of the word stimulates intel
lectual development, that as a book of
thought it is masculine and vigorous, and
t' at in every century and every com
munity tbose men who have itudied tbe
Bible have attained a higher intellectual
development than those 01 more advanced
education who have neglected such study.
The Scriptures he also believed to assist
tbe student in acquiring a clear, soccmct
and forceful English style.
With reeret he mentioned the dense
ignorance of the average person of the
beauties contained in the O!d and New
Testaments and the intellectual as well
as spiritual good they Jo<t thereby.
Then it was that Dr. Brownson oegan to
dissert on the subjects that aroused many
of his brethren to dissent. They were in
connection with the competency of divines
to elucidate the Bible and its use in sec
ular and religious schools.
"The public schools," he asserted, "give
the pupil a smattering of everything and
teach aim nothing.
"He can neither read nor write and is
seriously defective in arithmetic, while
spelling is worse to him than a foreign
tongue.
"The average high school does not at
UU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets;
tempt to master anything. This is not its {
• ambition. Its ambition is to cram enough j
knowledge into the cranium of the student |
' to admit him to the university, and the {
, university is adding one branch after an
other to its admittance rrquirements. !
This year it is more Latin, next year it is
a full year devoted to physics, the year :
after that it is something else.
''With such overcrowded conrses of
study how shall there be found room to
add the Bible?"
After further dilation npon the study of !
the Bible in the schools, he took up the !
question of the competency of ministers:
of the Baptist denomination to teach its j
truths.
"There are not twenty-fire Baptists in
the United States," he declared, "who are
fitted to teach the Bible to college ?tu
dents. Their knowledge of the book must j
be the knowledge secured by a long course ;
of intense and exhaustive study under the i
guidance of a master.
"We have no such men. lam tola that
Stanford University is ready to establish a
chair of Bible study and has been ready
for several years, but it cannot find a man
fitted for the position.
"Startling as may be the statements it is
nevertheless true that there are no men in j
the Baptist denomination who are fitted
to teacn the Bible in a Baptist school of
any grade below the theological semi- j
nary."
Hardly had President Brownson taken
his seat when the discussion of the paper 1
was started by Rev. Dr. Sunderland, who !
took issue with the statement in regard to I
the twenty-five men competent to make I
plain Scriptural truths. lie thought there ;
were plenty ot' men endowed l»y nature i
with sufficient intellectuality, supple- j
mented with the scholarship necessary to 1
render '.hem proficient in teaching the I
Scriptures anywhere in theworld.
Next Rev. C. H. Hobart spoke to the j
paper. He said that if the twenty-five j
men mentioned were multiplied by twen- |
ty-five and that product by twenty-tive I
again, it would express more nearly the
true number. He believed there are as I
many men in the ministry competent to ;
teach the Bible as there are in any other
profession. Moreover, »vhile he did not
care to contradict President Brownson. he 1
thought there must be some mistake about |
the inability to secure a proper man to
teach the Bible at Stanford University.
Rev. M. P. Boynton also objected to the
paper. He wanted the author to tell him
why it was that if the great mass of the
people were so ignorant on the subject of
Sacred Writ men were required to Jtnow
so much to teach them.
Rev. Mr. Hlli thought there were hun
dreds of men scholarly enough to teach
the book.
Rev. D. Abbott added fresh fuel to the
blaze by rising and stating with much j
emphasis that lie not only believed the 1
ministers of every denomination in the
United States incompetent as teachers,
but that the estimate of twenty-five com
petent men was much too high.
Rev. Mr. Teech at once replied that both
President Brownson ar.d the Rev. Mr. Ab
bott were surely mistaken. He said it j
would give him sorrow to be obliged to 1
accept their statements as founded on
fact.
Rev. Mr. Whittaker was disposed to look
at President Brownson's statements in a
softer iight. He was inclined to think
that the assertions mustjjave been made I
in regard to instructors along technical i
lines. Otherwise he could not accept them
either.
In defense of nis paper, President
Brownson rose and said that, while a min
ister could make any statement he pleased
lrom the pulpit without fear of questions
or contradiction, when it carae to teaching
students, that was a vastly different mat
ter. Then all sorts of questions would be ;
fired at him, some of them skeptical, some
for broader information, and some which
would require a thorough knowledce of
disputed points and of biblical history.
At this meeting it was also made known J
that the California Baptist College will j
liave its opening service, next Wednesday ;
at 9a. m., with the following programme: I
Speech, "Tbe Interest of Old Students in
the College," Rev. M. P. Boynton; speech
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
We have just completed our annual stock taking and will devote the ■
present week to A GRAND CLEARING OUT OF ALL SURPLUS STOCK
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION preparatory to the receipt of VAST FALL IM-
PORTATIONS now en route.
This will unquestionably be THE MOST REMARKABLE BARGAIN
SALE EVER HELD and ladies will find it very profitable to attend it early
for we have determined not to carry a single article of Summer goods over
to another season and therefore offer the following and all other lines
REGARDLESS OF ORIGINAL COST OR ACTUAL VALUE !
LACES AND
EMBROIDERIES!
At 10 Cents a Yard.
1800 yards BLACK SILK CHANTILLY
and Black Bourdon and Net Top
Bourdon Lace, 3 inches wide, regular
price 20c and 25c, reduced to 10c per
yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
i 1300 yards BLACK SILK CHANTILLY
and BiacK Net Top Bourdon and
Bourdon Lace, 4 inches wide, regular
price 25c and 30c, reduced to 15c per j
yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
1100 yards BLACK SILK CHANTILLY
and Net Top Bourdon Laces; Cream
and Butter Applique Laces, 6 to 7
inches wide, regular price 50c, 60c and
65c, will be closed out at 25s per yard.
At 10 Cents a Yard.
2600 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE AND
HAMBURG EMBROIDERIES, regu-
lar price 20c, will be closed out at 10c
per yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS !
At 10 Cents Each.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EM-
BROIDERED SHEER LANVN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 per
dozen, will be closed out at 10c each.-
RIBB0N5! RIBBONS!
At 1% Cents.
'■ FANCY RIBBONS, 3 inches wide, assorted
colors, value 15c, will be closed out at
7}£c a yard.
At 15 Cents.
! FANCY SHADED RIBBONS, all silk,
assorted colors, value 25c, will be
closed out at 15c a yard.
if 1/ Murphy Building, /
nidlMjl dull JUOuo ullbulb.
in behalf of tne board of trustees, Rev. C. ;
M. Hill; general address, Rev. Dr. Morse;
speech, "The Outlook of the College,"
President T. G. Brownson; registration of
student.".
" Rev. Dr. Randall, formerly pastor of the
Los Gatos Baptist church, has been ap
pointed professor in mathematics, and
Mrs. T. G. Brownson instructor in French
and German.
, At. the meeting of the Congregational
Monday Club Rev. William Rader of the ;
Third Congregational ■ Church gave his
vacation experiences. These included a
visit to the Sunday School convention in
Tremont Temple, Boston, and the Chris
tian Endeavor Convention in Washing
ton.
Dr. Francis Rader,, in his address to the
Christian Endeavorers at Washington,
the speaker thought, struck the keynote of
the deepening of spiritual life. Other
lecturers had laid the greatest emphasis
on civic reform. .
Dr. McLean gave a pleasant account of
his vacation trip to Mount Shasta, and
was followed by Evangelist John Currie,
who dwelt on Ms intended plan of having a
wagon and traveling from town to town
in the rural districts, preaching the Gos
pel. -3&m%
In the absence of the president Dr.
Nelson presided at the Methodist Episco- :
pal preachers' meeting, and Rev. F. X. ;
Baker was elected secretary pro tern pore.
The devotions were conducted by Dr.
Willey, founder of the Howard , Presby
terian Church, and. late of Benicia. idfis
address was devoted mainly to methods
of promoting the proper observance of the
Sabbath.
Dr. S. D. Slmonds read a very interest
ing paper on "Reminiscences of Mount
Shasta District." Ti e paper sparkled with
wit and humor, and evoked high praise.
He was requesteu to publish it in the Cali
fornia Christian Advocate. Ail the events
noted ; occurred in 1857, : and the travels
were ail made on mules. - .
Drs. E. R. Dille, W. W. Case and W. d.
Urmy were appointed a committee to con
aider the matter presented by Dr. Diile.
At the Presbyterian ministers' meeting
it was "quiz" day. Rev. Mr. Jenks, as
sistant castor of the First Presbyterian
Church, was "quizmaster.'.' The first
question was, ''Snail the midweek services
be led by pastors or people ?•' • .'
The only answer : was delivered by Rev.
F. A. Doaue, . who ; thought ■ the pastor
should always be present to direct the ex
ercises, which should occasionally be led
by a layman or an elder.
, The most important of all the queries
propounded was, "How can Sunday-even
ing services be made efficient?." Dr. Mm- 1
ton of.the Presbyterian Theological Bern- i
mary at San Anselmo answered that the
interest did not always center in the intel
lectuality or personality of the pastor, but
frequently in the surroundines. > He did
not approve of a series of services, but be
lieved them wearisome both to the pastor
and his flock. In addition, he suggested
that trite themes should be studiously
avoided and questions of current interest
discussed.
, Rev. J. Camming* Smith spoke to the
same question. The size of the audience i
cut little figure in his estimation so long !
as tue persons present were led to lead
better Christian lives. He would treat de
nominational questions in the morning
and lighter themes in the evening. •
Rev. Mr. Perry /of Ban ; Leand ; would
give good music a prominent part in the
evening services, and Dr. C. C. Herriott
thought it would be a good thing to have
systematic Bible instruction at that time.
A reception was also given yesterday at
the Presbyterian Mission to the Rev. C. R.
Collendar and wife, who are going as mis
sionaries fto Laos, China,* 1 next Saturday.
Dr. and Mrs, W. R. Scroggs will arrive - in
this city on Thursday and sail with them.
: 'At - the Z reception Mrs. P. jD. Brow :
president of the Occidental Board of For
eign Missions^; presided. j There were ad
dressos >by the ? Rev. '; Dr. ; Collendar, v Dr.
B. O. Campbell, Mrs. C. B. Pitbiado of
Manitoba, Mrs. I. ; M. Condit, Mrs. E. A.
Sturge and Mrs. E. V. Robbins.
" Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at (7 ode
Harris', IB Grant avenue.* ■..• /.; ;...■■•■- - ; ..•:
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 10 Cents.
130 dozen 36-ounce 84-neeale very fine
gauge Fancy Mixed Socks, guaranteed
two-thread staple domestic yarn, with
5J^-lnch close-ribbed top, regular price
. • . $2 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c.
At 25 Cents.
275 dozen Consuelo '■ Tecks, Graduated
Four-in-Hands, De Joinville Scarfs, Ad-
justable Bnvs ana Bryn-Mawr Hand-
covered Bhie l<i Bows of colored . and
black satins, silks ana failles, espe-
cially designed for high turned-down
collars now in vogue, regular price 50c,
will be closed out at 25c.
At 50 Cents.
75 dozen OVERSHIRTS as special leader,
cut from lightweight summer fabric,
vertical stripe in an assortment of
colors, made with regulation rolling
collar, regular price 75c, will be closed
out at 50c.
At 60 Cents.
95 dozen "Eureka Mills" RANDOM WOOL
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, shirts
made wi.h silk,' tape-bound neck,
drawers with tij^-incn linen facing, |
iong French-ribbed ankles and taped,
seams, regular price $180 a suit, will
be closed out at tiOc a garment.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S . BLACK - RIBBED MACO I
COn ON HOSE, double knees, heels |
and toes, Heimsdorf black, worth 4Cc, i
wilt be closed out at 25c.
At 25 Cents a Pair. , ; .
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON* HOSE,
high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
black, unbleached feet, worth 40c, will
be closed out at 25c a pair. -. • :
At 20 Cents a Fair.
LADIES' BLACK 4IACO COTTON HOSE,
heavy weight, high-spliced heels, dou-
ble soles and toes, regular -price $4 per
dozen, will be closed out at 20c a pair.
[flf Murphy Building, /
Marte and Jraes Streets.
THE LAST CALL OF
MESSENGER "23."
Arthur McKenna's Death
From Quick Con
sumption.
BURIED BY COMRADES.
Their Noble Endeavor to Help
the Lad During His Last
Illness.
A PATHETIC HEADSTONE.
It Has B-ren Erected by the Boys of
Ijhe American District Tele
graph Company.
Messenger "23" is dead.
Excepting the sorrow in the hearts of
his little comrades and the kind words
spoken of him by his immediate superiors
there is nothing but a plfin headstone in
Holy Cross Cemetery to indicate that a
frolicsome lad hes passed away.
No crepe was strung in graceful festoons
over the entrances to the various Ameri
can District Telegraph Company's offices
when Arthur McKenna died. Displays of
that kind are made when some of the big
ones breathe their last and the doors of
the offices are closed, giving the employes
an opportunity for an extra holiday, the
penalty of which is only a dollar or two
forctch man's shr re of some magnificent
floral piece.
It is so different in the case of Messen
ger "23."
His coffin, a simple affair, was laden
with flowers, it is true; but they were tiny
bunches of roses, hyacinths, sweet peas
and nasiurliums, purchased with nickels
and dimes. Each bunch was an individ
ual offering, given witn friendly hand and
watered with a tear. There were no
mammoth pieces with inlaid sentiments,
which the florist is supposed to know how
to frame according to the size of the note
with which the purchase ia made.
The messenger boys of the American
District Telegraph Company had better
use lor their money than to make a dis
play. Their little comrade had died an
orphan, without means and no one to look
out for him but themselves and his
brother William, whose devotion at his
bedside during many tedious weeks
of illness proved him to be possessed of
that strong and feeling nature that makes
a man.
This death of Arthur McKenna has
brought out one phase of the me«senger
boy that has not attracted much attention
heretofore. He has generally been re
garded as a harum-scarum, shiftless lad,
whose love of ?elf, ciearettes and yellow
backed novels were divided in equal parts
at an inverse ratio 10 his ability to be slow
in delivering messages.
Well, ii he will smoke a cigarette, if he
will read trashy novels, and if he will dis
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS
At 30 Cents.
200 dosen LADIES' SHIRT WAIBTS,
laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy
checks and stripes, worth 75c, will De
closed out at 30c each.
At 50 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS, fancy stripes, full sleeves,
laundered collar and cuffs, regular)
price $1, will be offered at 50c eacli.
At 60 Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED
SHIRT WAISTS, in black and white,
navy and red stripe", regular price $1,
will be closed out at 60c each.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAIfcTS, in fancy tan and black
stripes, yoke corded with black, regular
price |1 50, will be closed out at 75c
each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
At 25 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, made
with yoke band, finished with ruffle of
embroidery, will be closed out at 25c
LADIES' KID GLOVES!!
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
white, with black and self-embroidered
backs, regular value $1, will be closed !
out at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered on
back, colors red, tan, brown, navy and
mode, also black, worth regular $1 20,
be closed out at 75c a pair.
\ —
mif Murphy Building, J
Martot aiJ Jones Streets.
appoint the message-sender by not using
wings, there is one thing in which he is
not slow and thnt is in lettinr his heart ;
go out to his comrade, especially if he is
suffering and is in need, i
Many months ago, Arthur McKenna,
fatherless, motherless, contracted the first
cold that paved his way to the grave. Re
! turning Irom delivering a message,
j cirenched by the ram and no tender hands
' to care for him, he lay down in his little j
cot in a dingy room in one of the dark
alleys of this City. The next day he was
stricken with pneumonia.
His brother, William, only a couple of j
years his senior, nursed him through that
illness, the other messenger-boys in the
office furnishing the sinews of war to meet
the doctor and the medicine bills.
When Arthur was convalescent the boys
I collected $20 among themselves and each
gave his mite with a will to send him to
Vacaville. Subsequent subscriptions were
raised to keep the boy in the country for
three weeks and furnish him with all the
necessaries of life. But the disease bad
made too great inroads on his system.
Consumption camo next. Quick consump
tion it was at that and there was little
hope that he could recover.
The boy was brought back and placed in
a private hospital in this City, where hs
died last Frida'v morning.
Immediately the little fellows m the
missenger office got up another subscrip
tion to bury their comrade, and out of
their scanty earnings they raised $49 25.
Colonel O'Connor, the undertaker, took
charge of the remains, and had the amount
been three-fold that, the remains of the
motherless child could not have been
better cared for.
It is not likely that those people who have
from time to time left the extra dime in
tt^e palm of a messenger-boy's hand will
regret their donation wben they pass
through Holy Cross Cemetery and read
this headstone:
I IBECTBD TO THE MEMOBT OF
ARTHUR MCKENNA,
Mi.ssK\<ii:B 23,
By His Comrades of the
• American District Telegraph Company. :
CLASS RATES ABE READY.
Traffic Manager Moss of the
Valley Road Will Put Them
In Friday.
General Freight Eusiness Will Then
Be Done to La Grand, Eighty
Miles From Stockton.
On Friday next the Valley road will be
thrown open for general freight business
as far south as La Grand, about eighty
miles from Stockton. Yesterday Traffic
Manager John Moss left for a trip along
the road to arrange for final details. He
expects to be back by Friday, and the
general freight' tariff will then be issued.
This will be according to classification,
and the reductions will run from 20 to 40
per cent compared to those in effect from
the points along the lines of the Southern
Pacific Company, with which the Valley
road is in direct competition.
The new road has now ten locomotives
ready for service, and has also all the cars
that are necetsary to handle the business,
and the road would be opened for a con
siderably farther distance but that there
are no sidings beyond the point named.
No special appointments of agents have
been made at any of the stations, except
at Stockton, where B. G. Maynard will
DOMESTIC SPECIALS!
The entire stock has been gone through and reductions made through-
out the entire range that will cause a speedy clearance. Sample values :
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 58 inches wide, closely woven and good de- I G)f\ o
signs, that was 35c a yard, reduced to | *jvL
DOUBLE-BED HEMSTITCHED SHEETS, good sheeting, 81 inches wide I XA p
(quantity limited), that were 75c each, reduced to I OVKj
BEST YARD-WIDE LON3DALE MUSLIN, pure bleach, soft finish I H
«| It»
HEAVY WHITE SHAKER FLANNEL, yard wide, that was 25c a yard,, -\ S)l n
reduced to ± £ 2ti
One case SUPERIOR GRADE BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, a servioea.- I tfs,
ble article, nne weave, that was 75c a yard, reduced to | OO\j
WASH GOODS ! WASH GOODS !
The season is growing late. All Wash Goods must go. These prices
will do it :
SHIRRED CREPON, woven colorings, that were 10c and 12^c, to bo closed I £&
out at I
4 cases SHIRTING CALICOES, colors fast and styles good, to be olosed out»| A^
at ". j
ANOTHER LOT OF THOSE HEAVY GRADE PERCALES, wide width, J 171^
value forl2>^c, on sale at I *2v
ODDMENTS FINE IMPORTED ORGANDIES, LINONS and DIMITIES, J -|A p
that were 15c and 20j a yard, on sale at | 1W
gjtf About 50 dozen TURKISH TOWELS, mill samples and oddments, bought
at half price, on sale this week at half value.
CAPES, SUITS AND SKIRTS !
LADIES' CAPES, mnde of light tan cloth, prettily braided, ruche neck, I ffl-l QA
lined throughout with light blue, worth $6, reduced to «gJ±.«/V
° I Each
LADIES' BLACK VELVET CAPES, full ripple, handso mely jetted In I fflO tA
pretty designs, lined with silk, full niching, of la cc and ribbon at neck, %ftf»U\J
worth $7 50, will be closed out at. I Each
LADIES' FULL CIRCULAR CAPES, made of navy, tan and black ladies' I
cloth, lined with plain and changeable silk, neatly braided in contrast- <jj»O m
ing colors, neck finished with loops and streamers of ribbon, worth | qpeJ.eJV
$8 50, will be closed out at I Each
85 LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-breasied Reefer and Skirt, made I ffiO QA
of black and navy cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50, will be «py • * 7U
closed out at I Each
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in I <J»/> QA
black and navy cheviots, lined throughout and neatly finished, worth «JJVI. O\J
$10, will be closed out at I Eac h
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in blactc
and navy serge, lined throughout and neatly finished; also checks and ©7 tA
mottled "effects, in shades of gray and tan; worth $10, will be closed 1$) I •if\J
out at • I Each
If (/ Murphy Building, Jf
Market anfl Jones Streets.
Jock after the business of the company-
At the other points the telegraph oper.
ators who have been employed during the
construction of the road will be instructed
to act as ngents and see to the proper
handling of freight.
There ia no immediate prospect of the
Fresno trouble, which is blocking the
progress of the road, being settled soon,
and the energies of the company will be
devoted to putting in sidetracks at all the
stations which are now without them as
soon as work on the main line is sus
pend?d, and other improvements will be
pushed bo as to get the entire length of
road to within half a mile of Fresno in
shape for operation.
Big Damage Suit.
Clara Jackson, guardian ot her sons, Willie
ijiiniuinfmniimiiiiiiniMiiniiiii^Bi!
d §9
I « "Takes the Cake." • ' 1
•=0 BH^ IIHHI R — ■ W
I PLUG 1
:ra] ■:: ' \ .'■■■  \ -: . - ■ - H
% You may have " money to 1
I burn/ but even so, you needn't |
I throw it away* For 10 cents you |
1 get almost twice as much Battle |
I=2
§ Ax" as you do of other high grades 1
51 for the same money* i
llllllllllJj^lllJSllil^^
(gl/ Murphy Building, J .
Marlet »i Jones Streets.
and Freddie Jackson, who on August 22, 1893,
were run over by a San Mateo electric-carat
the intersection of Bryant and Fourth streets,
yesterday instituted suit on behalf of her
wards against the principal stockholder* of
tii'; Ban 1-ranciiC" aud San Mateo Railway
Company, lor $100,500 damages.
He Beats His Wife.
Mrs. Flora Mastuire, wife of N. J. Magulre,
blacksmith, 131 Beale street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Joachlmsen's court yesterday
charging her husband with battery. Sunduy
night he threw a coal-oil lamn at her in their
home, 535 Folsom street, a»id then beat her.
She had him once arrested before for beating
her.
Maurice Dore'a Estate.
The estate of Maurice Dore. the deceased real
estate man, has been appraised at $199,083 18.
910
THE DOLLAR LIMIT
LEFT BEHIND,
The Next Tax Levy Now
Bids Fair to Exceed
$105.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
A New Institution of Learning
Provided For Yester
day.
MORE MONEY FOR THE PARK.
As the Schedule Now Stands the Rate
Will Be Raised Six and a
Half Cents.
The Board of Supervisors made a suffi
cient number of alterations in the report
of the Finance Committee on municipal
appropriations yesterday to raise the tax
levy from $1 05, as recommended by the
committee, to $1 11%, and the indications
are that the end is not yet, for there are
still many sections and departments to be
heard from.
The main item that occasions the raise
is the appropriation of $200,000 to build a
high school in the Mission. The raising
of the estimates began as soon as the
report of the Finance Committee was read.
Supervisor Benjamin, who is a member
of the committee, a^ked that the estimate
for Golden Gate Park be raised from $225,
-000 to $250,000. He said that the park
was the pride and boa«t of San Francisco
and that the money was needed.
Supervisor Dimond wanted the matter
of the appropriations put over until the
date on which the levy was actually to be
fixed.
Supervisor Wagner supported him, say
ing that he was not ready to vote on the
levy yet, as he intended to offer a resolu
tion apportioning $150,000 for tne repaying
of Market street from the ferries to Six
teenth street. When a vote was taken on
the question of raising the park appro
priation the measure was opposed by
Hobbs, Dunker, Dimond, Taylor and
Hir.-ch, but carried by a vote of 7in favor
of it.
In explaining his vote in the negative
Supervisor Taylor stated that he believed
the money appropriated last year, $300,
-000, had been expended in an extravagant
manner, and that while he believed in im
proving and beautifying the park he
thought it was time tb put a stop to tne
reckless expenditure of the people's money.
"Begin by ignoring tlie figures of the
Finaiice Committee that were based on
careful investigation and consultation,"
he said, "and the result will be that there
will be raises all along the line, and in
stead of the low levy we aimed at we will
have one that will greatly displease the
Deople whose servants we are."
The vote had hardly been announced
when Supervisor Wagner arose and moyed
that an appropriation of $150,000 be in
cluded in the report for the paving of Mar
ket street.
He stated that the appropriation of that
amount would only mean an increase of
4' 2 cents in the tax rate and that the peo
ple of San Francisco would willingly pay
that for so great an improvement.
His only supporters were Benjamin and
King.
Then Mr. Hobbs, to show that the in
terests of his constituents were not neg
lected, moved that $200,000 for a new high
school building in the Mission be provided
for in the levy.
He was apparently somewhat surprised
when six of his colleagues — King, Scully,
Hirsch, Benjamin, Morgenstem and Wag
ner—supported him and carried the mo
tion.
Tne increase for the Health Department
that was asked created a little storm, dur
ing which the department 'was pretty
roughly handled by Supervisor Taylor.
Supervisor Spreckels championed the
cause of the department, stating that
he believed that the department was
one of the most important in the
City eovernment and that he believed
it should have $10,000 more than the com
mittee had allowed for it, or $35,000 in all.
Supervisor Taylor showed that the de
partment had already been allowed $33,000
instead of $25,000, as Supervisor Snreckels
seemed to think, and that the department
had been given $7000 more than last year.
He picked the Health Department com
munication to the board to pieces, par
ticularly the contention that additional
inspectors were needed to keep a check on
those already employed. He said that the
people might just as well elect twelve new
Supervisors to keep a watch on those al
ready in office. •He ridiculed the Board of
Health and said he did not believe they
had read the communication before send
ing it.
The matter was finally compromised by
allowing the department $2000 more than
the estimate furnished by the Finance
Committee, or a total of $9000 more than
last year.
Supervisor King wanted the department
allowed an additional $10,000 for four food
inspection stations, but there was no sec
ond to his motion.
This closed the raises for the day, but
Supervisor Benjamin moved to pass a reso
lution previously submitted pledging the
board to carry out the policy outlined by
Finance Committee in its report, so that
there is still time for more increases. The
total increase was $227,000, or 63^ cents on
the $100.
The report of the Finance Committee
was in part as follows:
Your committee begs leave to submit for the
careful and unprejudiced consideration of our
citizens that while many improvements have
been urged, and which under different circum
stances ought to have been provided for, it
must be borne in mind that the general good
must predominate, and it appears to your
committee that an excessive tax levy in a pe
riod of depression as is at present being ex
perienced by our merchants, business
men and property-owners, would be a
great hardship bearing oppressively on all our
citizens. These reasons, important as they
are, could not be overlooked, and led your
committee to recommend as light & tax rate as
could consistently be made in view of tne fact
that our Supreme Court has determined it to
be the duty ot the levying power to provide
sufficient funds, exercising reasonable and
proper discretion for the expenditures of the
government.
In the performance of this duty It is to be
regretted that many of the appropriations
made to departments are not controlled,
kept within the appropriations made, and
thus creating an indebtedness which cannot
always be foreseen, which is seemingly bound
to occur until courts can determine that be
yond the appropriation made therefor no de
partment can expend a greater amount than
provided for it.
This subject and the evils of the system now
prevailing and allowed have been reported on.
time and time again, and no remedy has yet
been evolved to check and prevent such out
lays.
The resolutions to be introduced will pre
sent the result of your committee's labor,
showing the purposes and the several appro
priations made therefor, and which in the ex
ercise of economy, of the power vested in the
board to control the same, should have re
sulted in nihii y reductions being made. As it
is, the power has been exercised so as to show
that a discretion has been used to provide suf
ficient and reasonable appropriations to meet
all expenditures.
As many of our departments and citizens
have impressed the committee with their views
on many public requirements, it is but just to
state that but for the conditions existing
these requirements would have been provided
for. Among many none appealed to your
committee more Btrongly than the ap
propriation asked for a high school building
at the Mission, but as the appropriation for
the School Department was $1,000,000 your
committee could not see its way cleai to add
$200,000 to the levy this year for that purpose,
although it ia conceded a high school should
be located in that section of our City. Your
committee was not unanimous in tne matter,
as Supervisor Hobbs was urgent as to the ne
cessity of providing his constituents with their
demand for higher educational facilities.
The importance of carrying out the improve
ments and preserving those already made in
Golden Gate Park appealed to your committee,
and after due consideration the sum of
$225,000 was allowed. Supervisor Benjamin,
while dissenting to the amount, was willing to
allow $250,000.
The attention cf your committee was called
to the action of the Grand Jury In determining
that the sum of $84,000 was a sufficient appro
priation for the conduct of the County Clerk's
department in the payment of salaries, and
with that view your committee coincides and
have fixed the appropriation at that amount.
The appointment of Walter S. Hinkle
as Assistant Disiriet Attorney was ex
tended to October 1, 1896-
A resolution was adopted instructing
the City and County Attorney to appear
on behalf of the City and County at the
hearing of the petition of P. L. Weaver,
ex-superintendent of the Almshouse.
against the Board of Supervisors.
A resolution was adopted allowing Com
pany L, First Regiment Infantry National
Guard, to give a boxing and wrestling ex
hibition at its armory, corner of Gough
and Page streets, during September. The
company is expected to pay the license of
$100, but it is exempted from the $135 con
tribution to the Robinson bequest fund
that is demanded of the boxing clubs.
The Superintendent of Streets was in
structed to issue an assessment for the cost
of laying plank sidewalks three feet wide
on California street, between First and
Thirteenth avenues, and on LaKe street,
between Fourth and Thirteenth avenues.
The Hicks-Judd Company sent in a
bill for $2U67 10 for printing fifty copies of
the transcript on appeal in the Durrant
case, and the amount was ordered paid
by a special resolution.
The board then adjourned until Mon
day, September 21, the time for the an
nual vacation having arrived.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Detailed Review of the City Work
Now Before the Board.
The following is a complete report of
the street improvements at present before
the Board of Supervisors:
ACCEPTANCES.
Fifteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Twenty-fifth, Mission to — Bitumen.
Twenty-fifth. Capp t > Howard— Bitumen.
Lyon, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOB CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
JNoe to Scott— pa vine.
; CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE
Final pasage.
Albion avenue, Sixteenth to Seventeenth-
Bitumen,
Thirteenth and Noe, crossing— Basalt. •
Thirteenth and Scott, crossing— Basalt,
FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bourbin. Eddy to lillis— Bi.nmen.
Capp, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Bitumen.
Scott, Thirtieth to Waller— Bitumen. .■
York, Twentieth to Twenty-first—
Capp and Twenty-fifth, crossing— Bitumen.
Scott and Waller, crossing— Bitumen.
Green and Leavenworth, crossing— iiitnmen.
Van Ness and Greenwich, crossing— Bitumen.
Van Ness and Lombard, crossing — Bitumen.
Van Ness and Chestnut, crossing— Bitumen,
Green and rauklin, crossing— Basalt.
Van Ness, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen,
Van Ness. Lombard to Chestnut— Bitumen.
Steiner, Pacific to Broadway— Cobbles.
RESOLUTION ORDKRING STRKET WORK.
Hickory avenue, Laguna to Buchanan— Granite
curbs, basalt. . ,
Morrell place, Broadway to Pacific— Granite
curbs, bitumen.
NOTICES OF STREET WORK.
Octavia, Eddy to Ellis— Basalt curbs.
Hough and Washington, southeast corner—
sidewalk, cesspool, etc.
Gough and Washington, south half of crossing —
Bitumen.
Pine, Jones to Leaven worth— Stone sidewalks.
Twelfth avenue, Point - Lobos avenue to —
Twelve-inch sewer, etc.
Sheridan, Ninth to Tenth— stone sidewalks. '
Laguna, Haight to Waller— Bitumen.
RESOLUTION OF , INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
. WORK.
Masonic, Fulton to Grove— Grading, redwood
curbs, macadam.
.Masonic, Grove to Hayes— Grading, etc
Ashbury, Tulton to Grove— Grading, etc
Ashbury, Grove to — Grading, etc.
Clayton, Fulton to Grove— Grading, etc
Clayton, Grove to Hayes— Grading, etc
Grove and Masonic — Grading, etc. .
Grove, Masonic to Ashbury— Grading, etc.
Grove and Ashbury— etc.
Grove, Ashbury to Clayton — etc
Grove and Clayton— Grading, etc.
Grove, Clayton to Cole— Grading, etc.
Hampshire, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Bitumen, curbs.
Temple and Serpentine 10-inch sewer,
macadamizing, etc.
Castro and — Grading, sewer, etc, plank,
sidewalks, etc.
Corbett place, Seventeenth to Corbett avenue—
Grading, macadamizing, etc.
. Fifteenth avenue South and L South— Sewer,
corners, etc. • .
Fifteenth avenue South and N South — Grading,
etc. •■:.•■
I, First to Seventh avenues— Grading, plank
sidewalks, eta
Fmton, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen.
Golden Gate avenue, Devisadero to Broderlck—
Stone sidewalks, curbs. : , .
Steiner, Oak to Page— sidewalks, curbs.
Pierce, Oak to Page, east side— Stone sidewalks,
curbs.
Broderick, Eddy to O'Farrell— Stone sidewalks,
curbs. P<T||tiii|wmi£
Central avenue, Hayes to . Grove— Stone- aide
walks, curbs.
Central avenues and Grove— Stone sidewalks.
Tenth avenue, 11 to I— Grade, macadam.
H, Tenth to Eleventh avenues — Grade, mac
adam. ■ ■ ..-.-■.■,.-■...
rage, Webster to Fillmore— sidewalks,
curbs. ■-. . _ . :
. Page, Fillmore ■' to Stelner— Stone sidewalks,
euros.
Page, Steiner to Pierce— sidewalks, curbs.
Page, • Scott to Devigadero — Stone sidewalks,
curbs. . « .
Page, Devisadero to Broderlck— Stone sidewalks,
curbs. . ; i
Page, Broderick to : Baker — Stone sidewalks,
curbs. •:
Page, Baker to Lyon— Stone sidewalks, curbs.
Page, Lyon to Central avenue— Stone sidewalks,
curbs. • ■ j. • ~ '^-irTTryrnfflßhann
AWARDS OF STREET WORK. •
Francisco, Brodsrick to Baker — Macadam
plank sidewalks. Warren & Malley. .
Francisco, roderick to Baker— Same.
j_ Eighteenth and Noe, crossing— Pacific
Paying Company. ■ ' ■
Fillmore, Green to jo— Cobbles, cur ds,
stone sidewalks. Union Paving Company. •
Myrtle : avenue, ? Octavia to Laguna— Bitumen,
curbs. Pacific Paving Company. , ,
Octavia, ■■■ Greenwich 10 Lombard - Bitumen,
curbs, Flint <t Treacy,
Pierce and Filbert, crossing — Basalt, granite
crosswalks, Pacific Paving Company. *™ v "*
Vallejo, Pierce to Cobbles, curbs, Pacific
Paving Company. .• ■. - -
B e^rmai?ho^ I r., t Fli? n Tr r e a a V c ce J nUe - 12 - lnCll
brief s^r! J? J.^owUn^^^f^"^-S 5 foOt
a vVoods ° d Steiner - Corner . «one sidewalk,
walkTKOTTreYfv. Dolore8 -^'»«». - "tone
.gutter and Stelner-Corner, stone sidewalk
Union Paving and contracting company.
KKLEASED FROM CONTRACT '
w Howard, seventeenth to Kighteemh-Stone side
walkT*' Golden Gate avenne " Turk-Stone slde
.: - PROPOSAL KEADVERTISED.
California, . First to Second avenues— Grading,
": ° * p :' PRIVATE CONTRACTS. :
' Foisom ~ avenue, Folsom to southeast '; termina
tion—Bitumen. •-.•..■ '•";...,."..
1 DevUadero, Vallejo to Green— Basalt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
TJevisadero, Green to Union— Basalt.
Devisadero, Broadway to Vallejo— Cobbles, 8-Inch
sewer.
Webster, Post to Sutter— Bitumen.
Shrader, Haight to Page— Bitumen.
Cherry Jand California— Cesspool, etc., plank
sidewalks.
Russia avenue, Paris to Madrid— Grade, macad
amize, sewers, etc.
Harrison, Second to Third— Replanklng.
Francisco— Fillmore to Steiner— Granite curbs,
basalt.
OBJECTIONS TO STRKET WOBK.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Stone side
walks. JJenird on report of expert.
Ashbury, Frederick to Waller— stone sidewalks.
Sus. dined.
APPEALS FROX ASSESSMENT.
Fifteenth, Guerrero to Valencia— sidewalks. De
nied; assessment confirmed ou repori of expert,
sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— Paving. Denied:
assessment confirmed.
ASSESSMENTS AUTHORIZED.
Corbett avenue, Clara to Casselli— For grading,
paving, etc. •
California. First to Thirteenth avenues— For 3
foot platiK sidewalks.
Lake. Fourth to Thirteenth avenues— For 3-foot
plank sidewalks.
RECOMMENDED BY JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Sil ver Terrace Tract— Petition of property-own
ers for recognition of streets on official map.
Hails alley, from Vallejo southerly— Protest of
property-owners against closing.
SPRING VALLEY COMPANY REQUESTED TO LAY
MAINS.
Chenery, south from Fairmount School—Fair
mount property-owners, for hydrants.
GRADES RECOMMENDED.
Lyon and Broadway— 326 feet.
Lyon and Vallejo — 245 feeL
Lyon and Green — 140 feet.
Lyon and Union— l2o feet.
Laidley and Fairmount— 3ol feet.
Laldley and north crossing Miguel— Bo7 feet.
Laidley and north crossing Mateo — 299 feet.
Laidley and north crossing Koanoke— 273 feet.
Laidley, 250 feet northwest from Koauoke— 2sB
feet.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— Grading, etc. ;
would cost $20,500.
GRADES ORDEP.ED.
Harrison, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth.
Twenty-sixth, Harrison to Treat avenue.
Treat avenue. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth.
Brazil avenue, Paris to Munich— At a cost of
f2HI.
Russia, Paris to Moscow— Cost, $252.
Army. 280 east of Castro— 2Bs feet.
EXTENSION RECOMMENDED.
Seventh avenue, Point Lobos to B— Grading, 30
days.
Twenty fourth avenue, A to B— Grading, 90 days-
DIRKCTIONS TO SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
Huss, Howard to Folsom— Renavinjj.
Bernal Park— Specifications for grading.
Precita place, Folsom to Alabama— Grading, etc
Twenty-second and leva — Wooden culvert*.
Point Lobos and Central avenues— Removal of
fence.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Eighteenth avenue south, G to H south— 6o
days, macadam, etc.
Eighteenth avenue south, Ito J south— 6o days,
macadam, etc.
highteen:h avenne and I south— 6o days, mac
adam, etc.
Kighteenth avenue and J south— do days, mac
adam, etc.
F.ighteenth avenue and H south— 6o days, mac
adam, etc.
soon. Grove to Fulton— 6o days, paving etc.
sco;t, Hayes to Grovr>— 6o days, paving, etc,
Scott and Grove— 6o days, paving, etc.
Bay, Jones to Leavenworth— 6o days, paving,
etc.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— 6o days, pav
ing, etc.
Prt'sidlo Reservation— 6o days, sewer, etc.
Broderick. Post to Geary— 6o days, paving, etc.
Waller. Devisadero to Broderick— 6o days, stone
sidewalk.
Corbett, Clara to Caselli-60 dayß, grading, etc.
Corbett, Clara to Douglass— 6o flays, grading,
etc.
Kailroad avenue. Eighteenth to Twenty-fourth
avenues south— Grading, etc., 90 days.
Thirteenth avenue south, L to M south—Grad
ing, etc. 90 days.
Alameda, York to Potrero— Grading, etc, 90
days.
Market, Church' to Sanchez— Paving, etc, 60
days.
J-ddy, Gough to Octavia— Paving, etc., 60 days.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C— Regrading,*9o
days.
HYDRANTS RECOMMENDED.
Br/ant, 206 feet east of Fourtlu
Bryant and Third, northeast and northwest cor
ners
Bryant, :575 west of Second.
Bryant and Second.
Zoe and Bryant.
Ritch and Pry ant.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
First avenue— Against change of grade and stat
ing damnge.
Jefferson avenue, Moultrie to Andover avenue-
Theresa Danos, agatnst closing, etc
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTED.
Van N'eas avenue— From Van Ness Avenue Im
provement Club, for removal of fence.
Moulton avenue, Fiilmore to Steiner—Property
owners, for removal of obstructions.
Van Ness, Bay street to bay— Van Ness Club, for
grading, etc. ; also for bulkheads between Bay and
Lombard.
NEW TO-DAY.
itS wHIMj 2** lIMBfr r. LVi ■■ I * B-^wfl^^^ *^F*S 1 Br*~--"^' fl f^l Gh !»£ SB E WmiJ^B
Have You Seen
Our New Store?
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.?
The greatest electric display out-
side, the greatest cloth display in-
side, ever seen in the Golden West.
Our made-to-order suits are the
wonder ,of all buyers and the envy
of all rivals.
For anywhere from $10 to $20 we
will make you a suit in the tip of
fashion that cannot sbe equaled for
M the money elsewhere in the world.
We purchase cloth for five stores
and buy more and cheaper than any
other tailoring establishment in the
world. You get the same bargains
at any of our five stores.
Columbian Woolen Mills,
(S. N. WOOD & CO.)
541 Market St., S. F. Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts;, S. F.
211 Montgomery St., S. F.
1005 Broadway, Oakland. Cor. Astor and Lafayette Place, N. Y.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— To withdraw
protest agaiust stone sidewalks.
Howard, Sixth to Seventh— Property-owners, for
extension of time in laving sidewalks.
Chestnut and Larkin — Property-owners, for
change of grade.
Vallejo, east of Mason— Wooden sidewalks.
Sutter, Fllunore to pierce— Property-owners, for
better sidewalks.
Van Xess, Green to Union— A. P. Hotallng, for
six feet or stone sidewalks.
Shotwell, corner of seventeenth — For postpon
ing construction of sidewalk.
Homesteads district. Ocean View to San Bruno
road— Property-owners, for sewer district-
Myrtle aveuue, Octavia to l.aguna— Property
owners, about srrade.
Ottawa, Mission Kegent and San Jose avenue dis
trict—Property-owners, for appropriation for sur
veys.
Webster, Grove to Haves— George M. Ferine, to
pave with bitumen
Octavia, Eddy 10 Ellis-Same.
Hickory avenuo, Laguna to Buchanan— City
Street Improvement company, to pave with bitu
men.
Thirteenth avenue, Cement to California— J. J.
O'Connor, for three-foot plank sidewalk.
Seventh avenue, Point Lobos to California— Point
Lobos Improvement Club, that Market-street
Company pave between tracks.
Fifth avenue, Lake to California— Grading.
Douglass, Elizabeth to Twenty-fourth —J. J.
Tobin, to lay plank sidewalks.
California, central avenue to Seventh avenue-
Point Lobos Improvement Club, for grading.
Street Committee's Keport.
Mariposa, lennsylvania to Indiana— Plank cul
vert, referred to Superintendent of Streets.
Chattanooga to Twenty first— Petition for
change of grade, placed on file.
Lynch, Leavenworth to Hyde— Petition for
opening, placed on file.
Ocean View District— On protest ot property
owners a«ainst grading proceedings are stopped
for twelve months.
Larkin. Union to Filbert— Protest against pav
ing, placed on file,
PETITIONS REPORTED FAVOKABLV,
Union and Taylor crossing— Joseph Brltton for
paving, etc
Leavenworth, Chestnut to Bay— Peter J. Finley
ami others for grading.
Napa and Illinois— For permission t0 la y spur
tracks.
Chattanooga and Twenty-first— Property-owners
to withdraw petition for change o*. grade.
Davis, Pacific to Broad way— Plan* sidewalks.
Twenty-second, Chattanooga 10 Church— Stone
sidewalks.
Douglass, Twenty-third to Twenty- fourth-
Plank sidewalks.
Church, Market to Fifteenth— Plank sidewalks.
Orange alley, Tweuty-tifth to Twenty-sixth—
Bitumen.
PETITION HEPORTKI) ADVERSELY.
Octavia, Eddy 10 Ellis— Property-owners for
bitumen.
PHOTKSTS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
Sanchez, Twenty-sixth to Twenty-seventh—Side
walks. '
Pacific avenne, Frar.klin to Gough— Sidewalks.
PROTESTS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Haight, Webster to Fillmore— Sidewalks.
Pierce, Jackson to Pactflc— Sidewalks.
Eddy. Devisadero to BroderlcK— I'aving.
Hickory, Laguna to Buchanan— Basalt.
STOPPED FOR SIX MONTHS.
Scott, Hayes to Fell— Sidewalks.
Larkin, Filbert to Greenwich— Paving, etc.
Clayton, Oak 10 Page— Pavini?.
Haight and Masonic— Crossing, paving.
Haighl, Masonic to Ashbury— Paving.
Uaight and Ashbury— Crossing, paving.
HalKht, Ashbury to Clayton— Paving.
Haight to Clayton— Crossing, paving.
Haight, Clayton to Cole— Paving.
Haight and Cole— Crossing, puving.
Haight, Cole to Shrader— Paving.
Halgbi and Shrader— Crossing, paving.
Haixht, shrader to Stanyan— Paving, eta
Franklin, Green to Union— Paving.
Franklin, Union to Filbert— Paving.
Franklin, Filbert to Green— Paving.
Franklin, Green to Lombard— Paving.
A PLEASANT OUTING.
Colonel M>ntnn's Kxcursion to Santa
Cruz a Great Success.
Colonel Menton's excursion over the
narrow-gauge line to Santa Cruz last Sun
day was a success in every way. It was
largely attended by a most respectable
crowd — so largely in fact tnat no Jess than
twenty-two cars were needed to accom
modate all the excursionists, and these
had to be made up into two trains.
A most enjoyable day was spent in Santa
Cruz, and every one returned home in
good time. The excursion was under the
personal direction of Colonel Menton.
Protecting Home Goods.
The Iron-molders at their meeting last night
appointed a committee to co-operate with
similar bodies from other organizations for
the consumption of domestic-made cigars and
beer.
The same union referred the communication
sent to it favorir.R the adoption of the new
charter to the delegates of its body for a report
before acting thereon.
NEW TO-PAY. 1 _
CITY '■■/
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11; & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
; Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 41 1J STREET.
H. DUTARD 12 .1. W. MCDONALD, Pres
C B. STONE ° ■ W. E. DENNISON, Sec
T. B. BISHOP g COL. J. H. MENDELL
J.W. MCDONALD j v Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. E. DENNISONJP (Retired),
CON-aui/risa Enqinkkr.
PKOPRIKTOKS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of " Street
and Work, : Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction. ■
mmi-iimr Mivrti • Wharves. Jetties and
BITLME\ iSIII Seawalls.
GRAY BROS.
. : • , . Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
__I_POR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111., •
A. E. BUCKMAN,
.302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING. SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991. .
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEI
OFFICES:'
232 Montgomery St. f A\ T TR 1 fT AR
Telephone, Main 1202. VVil lliilvl Uli\
212 Ninth Street. ffiOS&IMSSHttttBKt
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sts.
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALB STREET.
PROPERTY OWNERS!
ATTENTION.
Y7k OH33STTS
Per square foot (no discrimination) Is what you !
can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
'BOCK for by the -r- *' - • -. -
PACIFIC PAVING COMPANY.
Office 106 and 108 Plielan Building.
Call on us or send your address and our : repre-
sentative will call on you. ' Telephone Main 656. '
TELEPHONE 1753.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY. /
GENERAL MILL WORK. SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing and Resawing.
OFFICE AND FACTORY, .
229-233 Berry St V Bet. 4<h and sth.
Box 19, Builders' Exchange, S. F.
FLINN & TREACV.
ART -- STONE -- SIDEWALKS -- AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
SO 1 1& ONTQOMBRY ST
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints, Tarnishes, Nevada Compound, etc
23 SPEAR ST. Telephone 6320.
d 9, d building
LIJUL. PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
JOHN E. MILLAR. - THOB. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSON & MILLAR, =fi^^?ffi
Branch Office, NW. cor. McAllister and LarkiiL
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. San Francisco
P £ D COMPOSITION AND
ri « D. GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflne Paint C 0. ,; 116 Battery Street.
EBH|(iL4DDING.NcBEAN&Ca
iMJ§331358-1360 MARKET ST.
UlliaMiM WORKS.LINCOLN CAL.
IB THE VERY BEST/ ONE TO JCXAMrNB
your eyes and fit tnem to 1 Spectacle* and Bra- •
glMaes with - instruments of his own Invention,
whosesnperlority has not been . equaled. M/ **?
- Kunas been due to the menu of my war*.
Office Hours— L2 10 4t. m. . . -
IRON BEDS,"
■LJ- mt i mm BRASS BEDS,'
<*•.'■■■"" f FOLDING BEDS
• Wire and Hair Mat-
.' - tresses, Reclinln'
,V:-- r; , Chairs, ' Wheel Chair*. v
• T T >• -.■■.'.. ■' Commodes, Back Rest*
;Ml ; ifTTffT] WA. SCHROCK,
l^^^** ll ' >fa>-u4tM . New .Montgomery
1' ' ' ••• 1 ■ ■ : I^J ■- St., under t-raiid
■■.•': ■-- ; ' ■-^r.-. Hotel, S. V. ;-/■--.■ -\-\-,
■RffJIDR. HILL'S REIIVIGORATOR j
BM rim Mils SECRET REMEDY, stops'
: PjriMn li| all losses In "4 hours. Restores
B _■:;; ; __jg Manhood.", Enlarges .; Small i Organs,
MM BPKI lures Emissions. impotency, Va'rico-
i |W« ' "■ Wsfl Ci "- 'Gonorrhoea, ' Gleet. ' Fits,' Stric-'
IALLJ wdrl turps, Blood : Disease and: all wasting
BrjSl I*rU effects of -elf Abuse or 'Excesses. I
■■■■MM Sent sealed, $■_' per bottle, THREE
BOT'l JjES, $5 : ; guaranteed ." to euro tiny case." -
;> ;. DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, ,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ' • .
AH - private : diseases quickly cured. Send for
free book. ;- " - :••'.'■■•■■ :.:'x- 'sv-,:?;. •■.■"■: - ■'."■■.'■■':.--:-:-- : .:
VI in ■ m% y A laxative refresh'.nj fW
I UIKUK frnit lozenge,
• mil mi very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
._ ■ • _ _ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
111 II I L mi lots of appetite, gastric an«
lE| I H P El intestinal troubles and
■ ■■■•■*■■■ headache arising
pS^IWBBSMBDHBH^r from them.
Anil I All E - ORILLON,
Lkl 1 IM 38 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
VilllLiLillll Bold by al« DruwUut
NEW TODAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the ago in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women. All diseases of : the Eye,
Ear, Head, Throat, Lun?s. Stomach, Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles. Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in vountr, middle-aeed or
old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the : vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and pre-
mature death quickly and permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART, BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart,* difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread , of
being alone or the reverse; if "your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
WHITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German',
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish.
Correspondence - strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address ■ '
nD r I CUfTA&IV 737 Market St.,
Ull. r. L. OntAlil, Ban Francisco, Cal.
Ü BAZAAR*
School
Books.
PARTIAL LIST:
Revised First Reader 15c
Bevlsed Second Reader 25c
Revised Thiid Reader 40c
Revised Fourth Reader 60c
Revised English Grammar 45c
Old First Header 13c
Old Second Reader..... 30c
Old Third Reader ......50c
Speller... ........23c
Primary Number .Lessons :........... 1 So
Advanced Arithmetic. .......40c I
Lessons In Lnnguage........ :.. 23c j
English Grammar 40c j
U. S. History 65c I
Elementary Geography ..46c I
Advanced Geography ................95c
Physiology.. ..........46c
Civil Government :.. 7. ".:crr. ..;...■....; ..43c
Eggleston's Primary History ..55c
Smith's Primer of Physiology. ......25c
Vertical Copy Books 7c |
Ward's Business Forms. Nos. 1 and 2..... 8c ]
Ward's Business Forms, Nos. 3 and 4....:...: 13c |
Bookkeeping Books— l set $2 00 i
Bayer's Elementary. Biology 70c |
Fiske's Civil Government .........85c
Fiske's U. S. History ........85c |
Gayley's Classic Myths *1 35 ;
Coming's Outline Rhetoric 90c
Packard's Com. Arithmetic ...$1 10
Richardson's Chemistry .....;.....! $1 00
Smith Stringnam's Kle. A1gebra........ ......$lOO
Styles' Milton to Tennyson 90c
Tiiden's Com. Geography.. — $1 10
NOTE.— AII Books furnished with a strong Cloth
Cover FREE OF CHAROiS. ,
SLjATBS "
Noiseless, cloth -bound, with free outfit of
. box of 10 slate pencils, a 12-inch rule, a
lead-pencil sharpener and sponge '
SINGLE ......6x9, 07c; 7xll. 08c: Bxl2, 10c
DOUBLE 6x9, 16c; 7xll, 17c; Bxl2, 20c
100 POINTED FLAG SLATE PENCILS 10c
RUBBER-TIP LEAD PENCILS, with fine
pencil sharpener 6c a dozen
PENCIL BOXES, furnished lock and key..... 5c
PENCIL BOXES, fancr styles, up to.. 35c
12, 15 and 18 inch BRASS-EDGE RULERS :
■ .■..■.:.:.".:.■.'....:.:.:... .......5c, 8c and 10c
600-P^GE PENCIL TA8LET... ............... -...5c
96-Page Stiff Cover COMPOSITION BOOK .5c
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO t
HAWAII, SAMOA, An, HONOLULU ;
NEW ZEALAND, IfH by
AUSTRALIA. - %#S S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only,' Tues-
day. August 4. a: 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MONO WAI : sails ' via HONOLULU and
A UCKLANDfoi SYDNEY, Thursday, August 20,
at 2 p. m. .
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Anst., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Agents,
■ 11 • Montgomery street. ,
Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco. . . ■
FLIiIT & CO.TB
PACIFIC COAST . CLIPPER i LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK:
Th« Al Clipper 5hip. :. ... ...... ... WE H. ACT
-' - :'■'■■'■■ Amesbary, Master.
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper 5hip.. ...:........ ..a. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
- ' Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
street. New York. ■- ■■)
r Consignees In San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
6 CO., v' 2 California street. f.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS ; LEAVE > ASPIN WALL '>**•_
fortnißhtly for the West Indies and '%£fio|
Southampton, calling f en :-, route iat • C^rbour^h,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. > '■-■'•
■ ' Through bills of lading, in connection with the
- Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for . freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. - . . . ,
" I Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. \ First class, $195; third
class, $I*7 50. For further particulars apply to
: • PARROTT & CO., Agents.
, ■-■•'■■-■■ ■■■■■--■ SOn California rL :
FOR SA\ JOSE, LOH 6ATOS & SASTACRCZ
; OTJIAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILX
£-> at 10a. m. (Sundays excepted>; Alvlso daily at
7 F. . M. , (Saturdays ezcepted). ~, Freight and < Pas-
senser. t> Fare between ■ San Francisco and viso,
60c; to San Jose, 76c. :. cuy St., Pier 1. . 20 W»
#sat> Clara «t- San -Tom. '•.••■
NEW TO-DAY.
SOLE agents FOR THE
maqqioni kid gloves.
Ladies'
Swiss
Ribbed
Vests
With low neck
and no sleeves
For |22(j Each.
Seeing is believing, so
please come and satisfy
yourself that the equal of
this garment was never
before sold for less than
331 cents each.
More Than Six Vests Will M Be Sold to
One Customer.
See Window Display of above
Great Bargain.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEViHSON,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market
Street.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ' ** V -y-
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL. SAIL FROM Aj*.
Broadway wharf, .Ban Francisco, a* *&*&?*£
follows: . ...-;■■
For Mary Island. J/orlne, Uraneol. Jnneau, Kll-
llbduo ana Slika (Alaska), a: v a. m., July 3, 13,
18, '28. .mi . i:, :2.27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (H. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacorna, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Belllngbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. X.
July 8. '. 13. 18, 23. •_'«. ana every flftli
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. r\ R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. B,
at Seattle with U. N. By., ac Port Townjend wUn
Alaska steamers.
i For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Ham*
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m.. Jtuy ■•>. 8. Vi,
IS 20. *», 2n and every fourth day thereafter..
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford . (San Luis Oblspo), Qaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angetes) ana Newport, at 9 a. il, July
2. t». 1»>- 1.. 18, 22. 26. SO and every fourth day
thereafter. ■ , ,' ;
For San D!<»«o, stopplnß only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, U
a. M-. -in y 0. 8. 12. la, SU, 24,- 2>* and every
fourth day thereafter.
■ For tnsennda, San Jose del Cabo, Hazatlan, La
Pas and Guavmas (Mexico), str. Orizaba. 10 a. x.
Ji> :Hnnavstli of each 'OOtith thereafter.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 Now Montsomary
•treat.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Geni Aireqt*
:••-!■■ .10 Market at. San Francisco.
• o.: r.- o _c«3 rsr.
ASTORIA AMPORTLANtt
$6 Second Class. M 2 First Class,
MEAL . AND BERTH i INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15....... ...July 27. August 6, 18
Btateot California sails. July 22, Augus. 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
UOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Supts
;-.-;- F. F. CONKOR, General Aiten*,
XXI) M.-v-«»> ..,2t«
COMPAGJIE GENERAL TRAISATLUTIQUR
French Lin«» to Havrn.
> SPIER(NEW),42NORTH J%rm
V^ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ana
. the discomfort of crossing the channel -in a small
boa:. New Yoris to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
tirv.-ciass SI 60: second-class, $11S.
I.A TOUR AINE. Capt. Santelli.. . .May 2& 8 a. K.
LA NORMANDIE May 23, Bi.il
LA GASCOGNE Jn « 20, 7 A. JC.
LA JSOK vi A N 1)1 .-. July 4, 6 a. ic
LA GAfOOGNE July 25, 11 a. k.
LA NORMANDIK ..'......:.... August 1, 6A. U.
LA BOTJRGOGNE, Capt. Leboenf. .Jane 6, 7 a. v,
- tS" 7ox further particulars apply to
■ ■ A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 8 Bo v ln! j Q reen Ne w
J. F. FUG A ife ; CO., Agents, 1 6 Montgomery
■TfiPne. San Francisco. . - -■. - .. . -■■
WHITE STAR
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
••.;.-■-»". ' - . BETWKKK < - .
New York, Queensiown & Liverpool.
.■■„ ..' sail,in<; EVKKIV ki;k.
. $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- /m.
\J ing to steamer and accommodations £e±Si3
selected; second cabin, s .\ .>u niul si/ .0; Maje-^ic
ami Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden,' .Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Oflice of the Company, 613 Market street,
und&r Grand Hotel. U. W. FLETCHER.
Genera. A «mic for Pacific Coast.
«^nlK HAffIBURG-AMERICAS LHB
i «gfl}'^& TWI.N-.SCKKW tXl'Rß.'is
" i i"ii*'" T! »ir'' : ' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, ram & Hamburg.
Normannia.... Aueust ti | F. Blrraarck. August 20
A. Victoria... aurihi 18 |< ommbin August 27
I Cab., $75 and upward; 11. Cao., $45 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 2 h.. free of char,;*
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6% h.
- • For passage apply ■ Hakbubh-Ahkrican Link,
37 Broadway, N. V.. or to X AHN : & HERZOIi,
Agents, 401 California St.. San Francisco, Cal. -
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At ti I*. M: Daily, freight received up
. .' in »:;*;> i*. Jl. ■ -
tSf Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
': .-:• ;".■ • .'■.-• ■ •:•■ ■ -.■ STJiAJJIJEK.-j: ■ .-•::■- ■-:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
; Mary; Uarratt, . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. ,- Cai. K»v. and ImpL Co
U.S. lATT-TIKD. -lARB ISLAND, VALLEJO,
. *Brniria, *Port Costa. *<Y<ickett and .*Valona.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 P. m. (Saturdays **10:30
a. m.),' 3:30 p. it. Sundays 8 p. m. only. 'Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission St. Telephone Black
261.i.f; ••-•- * , ; . HATCH BROS.
♦4 and Bp. si. trips only. -. \ -
-..••Excursion trip. c Gives 5 hours at .Navy-yard,HE PLAYS UPON
WOMEN'S TRUST
Charles Holman,With Many
Aliases, Again in
Trouble.
FORGERY IS CHARGED.
He Gave Mrs. Rose Kamaroni
Forged Checks to Get Money
From Her.
A SWINDLER OF THE LADIES
Has Served Two Terms in the State
Prison and Been Arrested
Several Times.
A man witn a large number of aliases
who has for years swindled women by
representing himself as a wealthy miner
or rancher and malting a pretense of want
ing to marry them is once more locked up
in tie City Prison on a charge of forgery.
His real name is supposed to be Charies
Hoiman, a native of Maine, 55 years of
age. His aliases, so far as known to the
police, are Llewellyn Miller, R. N. Saun
ders, S. P. Danforth, J. Garfield, Arthur
.Arlington. J. J. Allen and J. B. Brown.
He is nearly 6 feet tail and weighs about
220 pounds.
The complaining witness on the present
charge of forgery is Mrs. Rose Kainaroni,
an accoucheuse, living at 51 Fifth street.
On April 20 last, while she was living at
786% Harrison street, Holman called upon
her and introduced himself as Arthur Ar
lington, a wealthy miner.
Mrs. Hankatzi, a friend living at 413}^
Broadway, was with Mrs. Kaniaroni at the
time.
Holman said he wanted to talk privately
with Mrs. Kamaroni, but she explained to
him she could not speak good English
and called in Mrs. Hankatzi, whom
she introduced as her sister, although
she was not; but she was afraid Hol
man would not talk so freely before
a stranger. Holman then said he
had a girl friend, who had cot into trou
ble and he would pay Mrs. Kamaroni well
if she would perform a criminal operation
upon her. Mrs. Kamaroni demurred, but
said that she would care for tne girl dur
ing her trouble. He consented to this
and after looking at two rooms engaged
tnem, saying the girl would call next day.
As an evidence of good faith he wrote
the following on a sheet of paper:
To Crocker, Woolwcrth & Co.: Pay to Rose
Kumaroni, 786J^ .Harrison street, the sum of
t"o thousand and five hundred dollars
(£2500). Fay this check to bearer.
J. M. Cabson.
San Francisco, April 20, 1896.
Before Holman took his derjarture he
did something to arouse Mrs. Kamaroni's
suspicions. Her pocket-book was on the
table in the room where they were talking.
She had occasion to leave the room for a
few minutes, and when she returned 6he |
saw him with the pocket-book in hia hand
examining its contents. She made him
return it to her, and he did not offer any
apology or explanation for his conduct,
Mrs. Kamaroni went to tbe Crocker
■\Voolworth Bank next day and presented
the order. She was told no such person as
"J. M. Carson" had an account in the
bank. She immediately went to police
headquarters and Captain Lees detailed
Detective Anthony on the case.
Anthony went to Mrs. Kamaroni's house,
fig Holman had promised to return that
night. He waited for some hours, but Hol
man did not turn up, and he left. He had
oniy been gone half au hour when Holman
made his appearance. She told him that
the order was refused by the bank, and he
faid he had forgot to deposit his money
there, but to put things right he wrote out
three checks on the DonolioeKelly Bank
for $5000, $50 and $10. respectively, pay
able to lier and signed 'J. M. Carson,"
and said they were all good.
They talked for some time and finally he
proposed marriage to her. She gave "him
an evasive answer and then he asked her
for some money as he was short of ready
CHARIES HOLMAN. CHARGED WITH FORGERY.
coin just for the moment. He was, he
said, stopping at the Licit House, and he
would return the money next day. She
wag suspicious of him and asked him to
write his name on a piece of lyellow'paper.
He wrote "J. M. Carson, White House,
Kearny and Po-t streets." He did not
leave till after midnight.
Holman called the following day and
asked if the girl had come. Mrs. Kama
roni replied in the negative and Holman
asked her for the loan of 60 cents, which
she declined to eive him. He went away
and she did not see him again till Satur
day night. She saw him on Grant avenue
and walked behind him till she met Police
man Smith Carr, who j. laced lum under
arrest. He was very saucy and indignant,
but Cart insisted upon takinar him before
Captain Wittman. Tien Captaiu Lees
was notified and he at once recognised
Holman and ordered him locked up pend
ing an investigation. He was booked
yesterday,
Holman is an ex-convict, having served
two terms i» San Quentin. On August
28, 1882, he got five years for grand larceny.
He was sent from Sacramento County,
where he hired a woman as housekeeper,
shipped her trunks to this City and sold
tbeir contents. On April 4, 1887, he was
sentenced in this City to ten years for
swindling Mrs. Johanna Carlson out of
$145, and was discharged on October 8,
1893.
He next got himself into trouble in Oak
land about a year ago. He made the ac
quaintance of a young widow, proposed
marriage to her, and so won her confi
dence that she pave him $1000. He left
her, saying he was going to Nevada to
settle up some business, and when be re
turned they would be married. He did
not return and she notified the police. J.
J. Allen, as he then called himself, was
arrested, and to avoid prosecution re
turned the $1000.
After this escapade he went to San Jose,
hired a housekeeper and swindled her out
of $45. He was arrested but the case fell
through as the woman bad to admit she
loaned him the money. He was imme
diately arrested by Detective? Gibson and
Reynolds on a warrant from this C'ty,
charging him with felony embezzlement.
That was on November 30 last. He was
charged with emb zzling a diamond pin
worid $100 which he had got from Miss
Lulu Patterson. He was held to answer,
but when the case came for trial in the
Superior Court it was dismissed as the
woman had got back her diamond pin.
In speaking of the charge of forgery,
Holman said yesterday that he did not re
member anytning about it as he was al
ways drunk when he saw Mrs. Kaniaroni.
The four checks which he gave her are
in the possession of Captain Lees.
J'eter Lane's Trial.
The trial of Peter F. Lane, the North Beach
retired sea captain, charged with maltreating
Edward Mason, an ex-Convict, Now Awaiting Trial on a Charge of Using the
United States Mails for Fraudulent Purposes.
girls of tender »ge, was begun in Judge Wal
lace's court yesterday. Seven jurors were se
cured. The rest o£ the panel will probably be
obtained this morning.
THE CORRIVEAU ESTATE.
Swanberg and Weiitphal Will Have to
Kx plain Their Connection With It.
L. M. Hoefler, attorney for Armine
Boutin, an heir to the estate of Louis Cor
riveau, has petitioned the Probate Court
for an order commanding Charles 0. Swan
berg, the fugitive president of the Mer
chants' Ice and Cold Storage Company,
and Henry W. Westpbal, secretary of that
corporation, to appear before the court and
produce all the books, papers and vouchers
of the company, especially the cashbook,
the s-'eneral stock-ledger, The journal, the
daybook, the atock-journal, the stock
ledger and all promissory notes and evi
dences of indebtedness of the Ice Company
to Louis Corriveau. All papers tending to
disclose the right, title or interest of Cor
rive&u to real or personal property beld by
the company are also asked for.
Condition of tli« Banks.
The Boarii of Bank Commissioners has called
for reports from all (lie tanks in the State
showing their condition ou July 31 of this
yp«r. Under the law ihe Commissioners are
obliged to make such a calling" twice a year.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1596.
SCHEMER MASON
HAS A RECORD,
Served Eighteen Months in
Nevada Prison for Bur
glary.
HE SWINDLED CONVICTS
Secured Valuable Hand- Made Ar
ticles, but Failed to Make
Any Returns.
MASON IS FINALLY EXPOSED.
Used the United States Mails for
Fraudulent Purposes and Was
Caught.
Inspect<*-in-Charee Munro received yes
terday information which will probably
materially assist in bringing about the
conviction of Edward Mason, arrested in
Colusa last week on a charge of using tbe
mail for fraudulent purposes.
It will be remembered that some time in
April last Mason wrote to Mrs. Margaret
Cbristie of Warebara, Mass., to the effect
that her son had been seriously injured in
a railway accident and was anxious to re
turn home. If Mrs. Christie would send
the sum of $100, he, Mason, would see
young Christie safely aboard the cars en
route for Boston town. The letter was
written from Truckeeand signed by Mason
as Sheriff of the county.
In time a postoffice order for the amount
named reached Mason, who immediately
brushed the dust of Truckee from his feet
and hied 1 imself to Colusa. From that
point he wrote to Mrs. Christie's daughter
in Boston, repeating the story told the
mother, ending with a request for $65.
The daughter and Bister, however, was not
so easily taken in. She made a thorough
investigation, with the result that Mason
was arrested, as told above.
It now develops that young Mason was
born near Wareham, Mass.. where the
Christies reside. He left home when
about 20 years old, finally drifting to
Nevada. In 1894 he was arrested on a
charge of burglary, convicted and sen
tenced to the Nevada Btate prison for a
term of eighteen months. He was released
last January, going directly to Truckee.
Fora time Mason managed to make a
comfortable living out of his former asso
ciates, the convicts. They sent him many
valuable trinkets to be sold on commis
sion. He disposed of the articles but
failed to make returns to the proper par
ties. When this scheme had about played
itself out Mason bethought himself of
other questionable ways to make a living.
One day he heard that Everett Christie of
Wareham, Mass., was in California, and
what was more to his purpose, that the
New Englander was not on Inendly terms
with his family.
His earlier knowledge of the famllv
made him in a sense master of the situ
ation. He played on the love of the
mother to the tune of $100, and then tried
the sarn-j game on the sister and daugh
ter. It is the old story of the pitcher, and
on Friday n j xt Mason will appear 111 the
New York District Court to answ.er to a
charge of using the mails for fraudulent
purposes. The postal authorities are con
fident of a conviction.
A CARNIVAL BEFORE LENT.
The Committee Believes That
Such a Time Would Be
Most Suitable.
A strong sentiment in favor of holding
tbe Carnival of tne Golden Gate immedi
ately preced ins the lenten season, which
begins on March 3 next year, wan devel
oped at the meeting of the executive com
mittee yesterday afternoon.
Carnival Director Friealander is one of
the strongest advocates of the early date,
and favors a three days' display, ending
with a grand Mardi Gras celebration on
Shrove Tuesday night. This movement
has many snpporters and was made ma
special order for the next meeting.
The entertainment committee was in
structed to call at once upon the managers
of tbe various places of amusement which
have promised benefits for tho carnival
and arrange the dates. 80 far Morosco's,
the Orpheum and the Chutes have prom
ised to assist in this way.
Colonel O' Byrne was instructed to pre
pare an address to the public, notifying
them that the carnival was neither dead
nor sleeping, and that the work of prep
aration was being carried on witu Jmore
vigor than formerly.
General "Warfield announced his inten
tion of calling upon each member of the
executive committee who has been lax in
attendance and notifying him that he
would appoint some one else if the attend
ance were not more regular.
A committee, consisting of General
Warfleld, General Backus, 8. H. Fried
lander, I. L. Rosenthal, David Rich. Oscar
Boldemann and Colonel O'Byrne, was ap
pointed to call upon Rev. P. C. Yorke and
request him to deliver a lecture upon a
topic to be chosen by himself for the bene
fit of the carnival. It is proposed by the
committee in charge to make the affair a
demonstration for the reverend speaker,
who is recognized as one of the foremost
orators of the day. Tne subject will be
necessarily non-sectarian, and, as the car
nival is projected for the good of the entire
City, the committee hopes that he can be
prevailed upon to assist.
A selection of several of the designs for
posters submitted last week in competi
tion for the purse of $25 was maie, with a
view of selecting those most desirable for
reproduction. Bids will be asked from
printers, to get them out in lots of 50,000.
Anaward of the premium will be made at
the next meeting.
FRESNO BAPTIST CHURCH
Dr. I. S. Eshl enian Explain* His Finan-
cial Kelations With tbe Cuu
gregation.
Dr. I. S. Eshleman, who is a physician,
not a clergyman, has something to say
concerning the First Baptist Church of
Fresno, whioh was burned last Sunday
night.
"Some of the statements in the dis
patches published in Monday's Call,"
said the doctor, "do me an injustice.
"The additional cost of enlareing the
church was nearer $10,000 than $7500, as
stated in the telegram, but its value, I
should say, did not exceed $13,000. The
sum of $7600 was not donated, but loaned,
by me to the church. I had previously
given it $2000. The mortgage I neld as
security for the loan was executed by a
unanimous vote of the trustees, and there
were no questionable means whatever
used by me.
"William Harvey, the clerk of the
church, drew a defective mortgage, in
stead of submitting it to an attorney, as
directed, and three years later it was, con
sequently, repudiated. My interest in the
church was $10,000, injured for $5000. I
am accordingly loser $7000, including the
loan of $2000.
London firms are said to spend over
£2,000,000 a we6k in advertising.
NEW TO-DAY.
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday
only, our fine thin $1.25 Water Glasses
go at 80 cents per dozen. 1 Beautifully
engraved with the popular lace pat-
tern.
A very pretty line of Imitation Cut
Glass Flower Vases also co at the fol-
lowing special prices:" 8 inches high,
15c; 10-inch, 25c; 12-inch. 35a
Big reductions throughout the store,
but esoec'ally on fim decorated china.
Our $45 Haviland China' Dinner Sets
are now $35. _
THAT BIG CHINA STORE . -
• • A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevfs.
WANQENHIiIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St., ,
, • ; BELOW MONTGOMERY.
VARICOCELE.
the Most Weakening of All the Bad
Effects Following Excesses and
. Indiscretions. <\ r .
pEN CANNOT DEBCRIBE THE TOR-
*:- ture inflicted upon the victim of Vari-
cocele. This disease is a swollen condition
of the veins, which become weak and
flabby, get blue, ropy, causing impure cir-
culation, unhealthy perspiration and ex-
treme weakness. It drains and drags the
vital energy from .; the body. It destroys
strength; it ruins the nervous system, and
makes men unfit for society, business 01
pleasure.
Do you suffer from it? Watch yourself
carefully. It creeps 'upon its victim
quietly, like trie serpent, and if you do not
strangle it upon the appearance of the first
symptoms it may sap the foundation from
your structure. .' 1 ..
DR. BANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
cures Varicocele. It gives life into the
veins and . nerves, removes ' the stagnant
blood and sets up a . healthy circulation.
It cures in three months. *. v
"The swollen veins are gone and mv
strength has all returned," says N.'Da-
inato, Penryn, Cal.
This disease destroys your nervous sys-
tem. Drive it from your body by Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt. .'
"I am pleased to state that my Varioo-
cele, which' was of twelve years' ; standing,
has almost completely disappeared after
using Dr. Banden'a Belt for two months,"
writes W. K. Johns. 1139 Market street.
Ban Francisco. .
All '■ power Is weaKened by Varicocele.
Protect yourself from its dangerous pres-
ence. ".'', ".\ '-■■'"■■ '■'■'
1 Sena or call for Dr. Sanden's illustrated
book, "Three Classes of Men," : ' describing
Varicocele and its cure. It is free. - ■
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
fISO Market Street, San rranolsoo,"
Opposite Palace Hotel. OlHce hours; a a. m. 10
9:80 M.; Sundays, 10 10 1. ;
OPFICKB AT:
IX)8 ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
. 1104 Bontb Broad ; | . 258 Wash I ngtoa ; gtre«. ,
1 ■ " UuiuiiUttciuß Fxce ~kad invited.
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfealth or Resorts in these columns
kindly mention the Cj{jCjC.
TEE BARTLETT
( SPRINGS
TTAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■*-*■" being one of the wonders of the world, and
Beckers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
weir as those in searcii ox health, wIU be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
y fornia. .
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for RhmimatUm, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS ...... SlO TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
8. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. £",, or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cat- ■
XTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
j coast excursions, ■ tally-ho staging, wild goae
hunting, bathing, boating, - horseback riding, : dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and ;
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
. '2'i'i South Spring st.. Los Angeles, Cal
n ■ Pi a i j\ f% hot springs,
&i ft Uft § 1 1 Monteroy c00n -
".."■'•;... ..-■■^^-'■^"/ nealth.rest.pleas-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
!»■<!*, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, bunting and fishing.' children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed In the Mate. Plenty
enjoyment fur young and old. . 'lake train Third
end Townsend streets, Kan Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
iinllv, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, ft&  Seven
miles ;by stage. Telephone and PnstoHlee. - For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements tot
1886, address K. ROBERTSON, Manager. ..,• -v.
KAPA SODA: SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain ■ Spa!
H«vs You Beck There Lately? - '4
■ 1000 feet above Napa Valley. • Climate : unsnr-
pßßsed. Views magnificent. ■ Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posiottice.
Burros to ride. Bowline: alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AND UK W JACKSON, Nap* Soda Springs
Hotel Capitola,
puy|ri'i,»ii^t W*Tnr 4 Miles ' East of
yiliiii'iljJLß'ia.if fißfppg Santa Crux,
"***^^~~r ::^^= :: ''■ Hotel ' at ■ water's • edge;
f»'mmfTaiUeaXm&^ good salmon and trout fish-
-■-'--. i^L'tJiA v '- '"*■ Apply to . ..
r f $T\ HEPBURN & TERRY,
** ~~T " " . Lessees, ■
■ ■■■•■•. . t . ■ . ■ Capitola, Cal. ;,
WHEN IJKIAH
VISITINO UIVI/\H
STOP AT ' THE '. "
PALACE HOTEL.
W. 11. FORSE * SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mHJR ISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BKST
I hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters tor
tourism '-" '■"'■ -'.'•• v ".;--"-■"'".:' «■'■- - ' . ■■'■<■ •■ ' ' ':'
Btagpg to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. . Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
ff tt I ft ft f| HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma.
1* If ft II II V Cfannty, only 1% hours from
V ft II I-rIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
II l\ II 1 1 II 1 1 staging: new - road through
MUAXU VI M canyon; new stages: sanitary,
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
Of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds; mosqtiiios • and ■ other < annoying
Insects, unknown. Take ' Tiburon : terry 'at 7:30
a. 11. or 8:80 P. M. Honnd-trlp ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates »1 J. a week; baths free. ■ .; ■
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's . Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST .CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightfnl climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; poHtottice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $I'^ per week. '
.. VICTOU W. KRAUSsj, Manager. .;.
Joss. F. BE XT RAND, Proprietor. .
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 8 to 4 P. M.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNi'IT.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; 1/2- mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. :. Wonderful curative properties,'
Table nrst-claas. Send for circulars. '■■ ■-■■.■■.■-..
MAGNETIC_SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
'Mountains;; hot and cold magnetic baths; bunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning '■ train: terms '$8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINPSEY, Qlenwood. Cat"  j: . - ■
HAZEL_GLEN.
pOOD PLAIN BOAKD IN PRIVATE ■ FAM-
*I ily five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire of SIRS. T./MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEAL 203 Powell st. .
'; MADRO3E MIXEfIAL ■ SPRI.UJS
ILL BK OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
'" year." s Water* ' sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Send for ; analysis 1 and j descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Spring.
Madrone, nunia Clara County, CaL ::■. "... ■ • ■:
HOME REST FOR TH £ SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT.
O rooms; large grounds;. fruit and Hewers. Ad,
d»«» P. U. box a2tf. '.-.-; •-■ .•..•;
6ILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place "Where the Invalid Can Barely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
.May Kegale Himself Upon i
■ Magnificent : and Picturesque , Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
„. ;■ Beat, Kefreshinent and Kelaxation.
A Mecca for tho Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
llillb Are Clothed: in Garments
of Matchless Glory, •
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lift* His
Cihastly Head and Where the Waters
. of Healing Pour Freely From
Jsaturo's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8 :15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TItAIJTPROM
X Third and Townsend streets. 3% hours from
Kan Francisco. Fore, $7 15 for round trip.
tSf Stage connect:* witn traiu from Third and
TowKseud streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
/ETNA SPRINGS
There Is healing : In the waters (for rheumatism,
mularia, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc):
there Is life in the air. : Swimming-tank, tub and
steam baths, fine : hotel, amusements. - Rates, $10
to $14. lake 7a. m U. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a.m. Unlimited round-trip
tickets. 87. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L.
MITCHELL, Udell P. P., Napa County, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, .
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
their, families. .Excellent table and newly-*
fitted rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' * For information address
JAS. McDONALD, Boca. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains. :
Health," jileasure, swimming, fishing and hnnt-
Ing. New dancing pavilion. .. Deer park. Table
I rxcelleiit. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Htaze at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m.
VIC PONCKLKT, LJagas, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 /tiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of '
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRINGBK, weavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUsK & CO., 207 Front si., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. .
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron : Springs, Lakes, Bowling • Alley. Splendid
place (or Hunting, Swimming, Boating and '
• Fishing. - Elevation nearly 1200 feet.
Best Climate for Asthma. ■
SPECIAL COTTAU i 8 for CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. - TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
pECRKATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
IX vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tage* and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. . Steam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks tire among the amusements, "nre
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. .Send for circular.
ASTORG SPRIXG JIXERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
J. cures most any disease of long standing;. cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months in this city: no ; agents. A. ASTOKU, 108
' Fifth st., sole proprietor. . The greatest medicinal
ai.il curative water in California. . .... ■...;■-.; ■ '
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER .\h\V MANAGEMENT.
RATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
JLV week; all baths tree.' ■WMiiwuiiiUiiuliHimijfc
.'."■■: .-■•- W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
; ; ?; L.XX COUNTY. ■-- -
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. - Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific oliices, $10; special
conveyance daily. For lnforn address JOHN
KPAULDING, Beigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
TUSCAN SPRINGS. ;
n Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases mau is heir
to.' or rates and faro apply to ' ' ■'
■■: W. J. U'XKILI, 13S Sixth St.
SANTI CAT ALiSI ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
• ZAH N'S; telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the island with tbe wires of the world.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, Xl
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL : SUMMER
resort in State: : 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
10 per week and upward! table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. > J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0.. Lake Co.. Cat. . , r
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
NEW HOTEL. NOW OPEN; MANY NEW
improvements for the entertainment of guestsi
the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
etc: good fishing and hunting ? Address CARL
MEYER, Bertha P. 0., Lake co. Do not address
Blue Lakes. - ■■■: ■■ -..■■ :■.-„■■ ■ :/. .■ ■ ;.. .■ . ; ,■■ ■; .„■;-
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK. MSKIYOU COUNTY, ■. cal., A"
noted fisting and health, resort. - Hoc mud and
sulphur baths. :«;; ,;;X ■.?..:. :',a " . ; -v.:' . "f'V
: EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL DEL MAR-ON THE SEASHORE;' 30
XX iniimtes' ride • from Santa Cruz; climate per-
iect; table unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing, fishing; huso* meet, all * trains; children, 92
to 90 per week: adults. «9 per week; • special rates
to societies and families. Address MaNAGKB
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa' Cruz, Cal., or room 29.
Maze building, S. P.- ;.-.■* ,;• ,■■:■..•.. :«■;■. .'_,•,. ; -,..;
EIOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA. . GAL!/ THE ,
L gem of th« mountains, famed for its eauabia
and salubrious "• climate; --near - nature's -i won-
derland: altitude 1985 -, feet: the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; '• the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of thehianess
order; rates $10 to *15 per week. JOHN C. MOK-
BISON. lessee. . \ v
HIGHLAHDJSPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral -Springs
in the World.
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathinc, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
L.EX D. CRAIG,
' • 316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CKAIG,
• Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
HO. HUNTERS FOB SANHEDBIX
Heights: 30 miles from Ckiah; the sports-
man's Mecca and ladies" rest and delight; wild
picturesque scenery; Ice-cold water; over 4000-
-foot altitude; among the pines; gaddle-horaes,
guides, ecu ; best of tables; good beds; not, cold
and steam baths; city references and particulars
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FJRASIEK. manager; address - Sanhedrin, Lake
Couuty, CaL . • •. . ' ......
■piVERSIDB RANCH— OX THE. BANKS OB
JX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from Sau Fran-
cisco; (ishins, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. . Terms, $7 per week. Excellent tabl»;
milk, fruit.' vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATED COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS.'HANSEN,BeImont.
TJROOKHLDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
lJ plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Napa.
ANITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HAEs-
TERS, proprietor.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE ME NT
OF THE .
. CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to tbe Insurance
Commissioner of the State or California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner. '. .
ASSISTS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.. $1,757,486 00
Cash In Company's Office 481 18
Cash in Banks..... ... 61,255 24
Cash in hands of United States
Trustees..'....: 611, 30
Premiums in due Course of 1 ol-
leciion 217,929 78
Due from other Companies for re- - .
insurance on losses already paid... 7,208 33
Total Assets.... $2,650,915 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid........ $34,33200
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense...-..-....- ..." 182,955 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 21,891 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year. or less, $1,867,-'
078 24. reinsurance 50 cent.. £ 933,539 12
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,116,- '
282 67, reinsurance prorata...... 577,838 03
All other cemands against the Com- •
pany............. 149,640 93
Total Liabilities $1,900,196 07
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premium 5............. $2,043,397 9ft
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from .
all other 50urce5.......... . ' 68.238 04
Total 1nc0me.:..... .............. $2,111,635 30
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- '
eluding $228,892 00 losses of pre-
vious ye«rs.< ...:.............•..... $1,160,124 88
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
8r0kerage........... ............... 884,246 18
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. ... 108,882 61
Paid for Stale, National and local -
taxes... 47,19426
All other payments and expendi-
tures 133,033 94
Total Expenditures... $1,833,481 87
•. : - '-. .. ••' -:'... '■ '."'■ .; " Fire. . .
Losses Incurred during the year $1,100,726 00
..;■. ....... ' ' - . • ♦ , •
. Risks and Pee- Fire Risks. Premiums.
MIL' MS. . . .
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $370,207,264 $3,497,75406
Net Amount of Klsks
expired during the
year........ 369,271,198 3,318,439 20
Net amount in force • ■ •
December 31,
1895. ■..........;.. 297,321,742 2,983,360 91
. R. B. CLARK, Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day
of January. 1896. ■■' - .-.--.■•
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public
PHCENIX ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON,
Established 1782.
PROVIDENCE WASHINGTON INS. CO.
OF RHODE ISLAND,
\ Incorporated 1799-
BUTLER & HALDAN,
Gea'l 'Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN CISCO.
rruiUC vnil " >ore Tmoat - i>im P lC3 t,S^, ppei TJa
i'«nA"E IUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.HU
MBUlcers In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write (OObQ
EglßEaf EDX CO., SO7 Masonic Templeisg]
jSHchlcoco, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-jwj
I **»tttl, ■ 8500^000. Worst eases cured la lCftf
Wto as day*. . 100-page book free. mm
■£ijs£jjjsi Belts for $30.
K&j^^^My^WvSi Old-fashioned and "poorly
fft^tTt^ijEf-c^— ■ rf^9r made, can be had by pay-
MsisETre^Tfi^HPi. '"£ > our money to eleotrlo
\lril^- i; Sg=wsi belt -quacks" and travel-
•Tti*)* r¥?^%VkS ; ; li g"f»icers." For fir«t-
(".\ <fC^£* class article at a reasonable
• "^At^ ' ' price write or call lor free
i "•>*/■ copy of our new book.- lik.
| PIERCU «fc SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearay,
i i mcobU, Uiird tauX louxtu floors, San i r»iiCi»ctti
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF TBLK MAKKKTS.
Stiver unchanged.
?>o foreign Wheat quotations.
Oats active and firm.
All other t'e-eals dull.
Beans nominal.
No further decline in Hay.
Potatoes weak. Onions firm.
Vegetables In heavy supply.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Unnch Eggs firm.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Peacnes, Pears and Plums weak.
Nothing new in DrieJ Kruit.
Provisions as before.
Quotations for Exchange nominal
explanation.
The arrow flies with -he wind. The top figures
at station indicate, maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
' word "hicli" means hich barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In th« interior
and low along lie coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
bat when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result,
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department ok Aobicuit
TrRE. Weather Bureau, San Fbancisco, Aug.
3. 1836, sp. it Weather conditions a:id general
forecast:
The following maximum temperature are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
' EureKa 64. Fresno 90, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
86. San Luis Obispo 72, Yuma 104, San Francisco
66. Los Angeles 81).
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 53, mean 60.
The pressure is highest this evening on the
Oregon coast, and lowest in Utah, where a well
denned depression is now central. Showers have
occurred throughout Washington and Oregon, and
in Utah and Arizona." Occasional thunderstorms
occurred in the latter Territory/ Unusually cool
weather prevails throughout the entire region west
of the Kocky Mountains, except along the Im
mediate coast, where the temperature is normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. August 4. 1896:
Northern Calitornia— Fair Tiie day; fresh west
erly winds brisk to high on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— showers ana thunderstorms- to-night,
ending early Tuesday morning : Tuesday gener
ally fair.
Arizona— Showers and thunderstorms to-night:
Tuesday generally fair; warmer at Phoenix
Tuesday.
• .-•an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
brisk to high westerly winds. .
W. H. Haumon,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK AIAiIKETa.
■ Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Aug. 3.— The stock market
! to-day was a tame affair, the dealings footing up a
little over 95,000 shares of which three stocks—
Sugar,. St. Paul and Manhattan— figured for 61,400
shares. The movement throughout was entirely
professional. London furnished no business to
speak of, it having been a Bank of England holi
day, while, home operators' were inclined to go
slow until the political situation is better unaer
s ood. At the opening the market weakened
under sales of St. Paul. This selling was attributed
to the demoralization of rates in the West and had
an adv, influence on the geueral market.
After the early decline, which ranged from Vs to
1V 8 per rent in the usually active list and 214 per
cent, in Manhattan, the market improved slightly.
Manhattan fell to 85%, the lowest, in years, and
v.as the result of reiterated reports of decreased
earnings and rumors of a proposed reduction in
dividends, which cannot be confirmed. Sugar was
strengthened at the opening by the advance in
certain grades of refined, but later on the stock
fell from 104 to 1023/ and closed at 103%. , The
fluctuations in the railway list call for no special
mention, speculation closed quiet. Net changes
show losses of V4@y2 per cent. Manhattan and
Laclede Gas leading.
- Bonds were Irregular. Sales footed up $450,
-000. Brooklyn Wharf and Warehouse fives fell 4
to 93; Chesapeake and Ohio sixes of 1911, 43/, to
1153/ 8 : Chicago and Northern Pacific first fives,
% to 39: Iron Mountain first extension fives, 1%
to 99: New Jersey Central general fives, % to
' 114: Northwest sinking fund fives, 2% to 105:
Read! general fours, 34 to 721,4@72%; St. Paul
consolidated sevens. l"i 10 124%, and Texas Pa
cific firsts, 114 to 77%. Northern Pacific third
sixes certificates rose 3% to 62%: Ohio Southern
first sixes, 6 to tO, and Wabash firsts, I V* to
103%. •-.;;•
In Government bonds $1000 regis. ;red fours of
1907 sold at 106%, $5500 do coupon at 107% and
$1000 coupon fours of 1926 at 1133 g.
Grain.
. FLOUR— Steady. Winter wheat, low grades,
$1 70@2 50: do fair to fancy. $2 40@3 40:
do " pai ents, $3 45(§.3 75 : Minnesota clear, $2 40
130: do straights, $2 95(a.3 40: co patents, 15
(04 20: low extras. $1 70@2 su: city mills, *3 90;
do patents. $4 1 35: • rye mixture, $2 40(tt
2 90: superfine, $1 tS(J@2IS; flue, $1 50@2. South
ern flour, dull and steady; common to fair extra,
$2ff1.3 80; good to choice <10, $2 60@2 90. Rye
flour, quiet and easy. $2 40(gi2 75.
COR.SMEAL— DuII, steady; yellow Western,
$2 o@2 10.
RYE— Easier; Western. 37% c f. o. b.
•' BARLEY— DuII: 49 pounds, 33% c lab.
BARLEY MALT— Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— steady: No. 2 f. o. b. , «J7%c:
ungraded red, 68@66c; No. 1 Northern, 66@68c.
Optioiis opened weaker and declined »4c on in
creased stocks, fine weathar. weak West and real
izing; rallied %c on hot winds In Kansas ami bull
ish Missouri crop news; closing firm at i/B@V4C
over Saturday, with trading fairly active. Septem
ber and December only traded in. No. 2 red clos
ing: August, 6314 c: September, 64V«c; October.
64 y c; December, 66i/ B e. -. " ; j
CORN- Dull; firmer; No. 2, 31% c elevator- 1
31 %c afloat. ■
Options were Vie higher with the West and
closed firm and dull; ■ September most active;
August, 30% c; September, 30% c; October, 3114 -
May, 33% c. . 4
<i.*T~— Quiet, strong.
'Options duli, easier.' August, 22»4c; Septem
ber. 22% c: October, 22% c. v ■ ...
>iot prices: No. 2. 23c: No. 2 white. 25%@26c:
No. 'i Chicago. 24c : N0.3. 22c: No. S^whne, 2IV4C;
mixed Western. *^2%@24%c; white do, 26430 c;
white State, 26@30c • -
' I'rovislons.
LARD— Steady, dull. Western steam closed at
$3 50; city. $3 10: option sales, none: September,
$3 60: refined, stead y: continent, 83 80; bouth
American, $4 50: compound, 33,4@4c.
PORK-Firm, quiet. Old mesa, $7 25@7 75:
new mess, $7 76@8 25. "■■■-' -.■-■■ • ' .
.. BL'TTKK— Good demand, steady; Western dairy.
9(5»12c: do creamery, 11%@15c;- do factors. 8©
lie: Kleins, 15c; imitation creamery, 10(g,12c.
CHEESE — Firm, quiet. Part skims, 2@sc;
full skims, l@l%c. . ■ '■ • ■
EGGS— Fair demand, steady. Western fresh,
11@12%c; do per case. $l<c.:i - . .
TALLOW—DuII. City, Sc: country. B@3%c.
■ COTTONSEED OlL— Steadier, quiet. Crude. 19®
20c; yellow. 22%@23a
FINANCIAL. \
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhEELUCK j & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1854.
• BRANCH OFHCX ■■■ •: •
•28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PIRDY, Manager. . . '■
Orders 1 instantly executed on -latest : market quo*
■■■ Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank. >>; F.
C&1CAOO. FZUV AT i. , wi&js. 2i £ W york*
KlCK— Steady, quiet. Domestic, 3@5 3 /ic; Japan,
4@41.4c ■: ' .■■-•. • -.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans, 27@
37C. . : "■ . -■-■-■■■ . ."■ ■■ ■ "' ■ ' •-•■■.'•;•-; -■ -
COFFEE— Weak: 5 points up to 5 down. - Au
gust, 91025; September. $9 66: October. $9 80:
November. $9 3l>@9 35; December, $9 06@9 10;
March. S^@9 05: May," *9: July, $9. Spot Rio,
dull; No. 7, 12% c. . .
&UGAK— Quiet, steady. Centrifugals, 33/ 8 c; re
fined fairly active, firm. No. 6.4 l-16c: No. 7, 4
3-16 c; No. 8, 4VsC; No. 9, 4 11-16 c; No. 10, 4c;
No. 11, 3 15-1 6 c; No. 12. 3%c: No. 13, 3 13-16 c:
oft" A. 4 5-ltSc; mold A, sc: standard A, 43, i.e. con
tectionpm' A, 4B,' a c: cut loaf and crushed, 63/ 8 c:
powdered, sc; granulated, 4&4 < cubes, sc.
fruit anil Produce.
' ArBICOTS-Bags. B@9c. ,„„,,
PEACHES— NominaI; peeled; 13@14c; nn
peeled, Bi<.@BVi|C.
KAlsiNs— Two-crown loose Muscatel, / 4@4c;
do three-crown, do, s@sV*c; do iour-crowu, do,
6Vac; do London layers, $1 10@l 16.
PRUNES— sizes nominal, 4* / i@sc. .
HOPS— steady, dull; State, common to choice,
Z@7Vi»c: Pacific Coast, 3@6c. London .market
unchanged. • . , • .'■••'
WOOL^DuII, easy: domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15(533c; Texas, •12c
Merchandise. .
Pin IRON— Quiet, steady; American, $10 25®
10 50. •
COPPER-Firm, higher; lake. $11 25.
LEAK— Weak; domestic, *2 85@2 90. , , ; ; .■:
UN-Quiet: straits, »13 40<513 50: plates,
steady; quiet.
bPELTEK-Dull: domestic. 9 3 85@3 95. ,
. CHICAGO aIAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, li,i», Aug. 3.— Wheat prices moved
In a narrow groove this morning, scarcely vibrat
ing a quarter of a cent in an hour. The absence
of outside trade was most marked and was widely
deplored among commission men. What little in
terest was felt in the statistical news centered in
the visible - supply, the final postings of which
showed a decrease of 408,000 bushels. This being
a holiday in England, traders were deprived of the
guide generally furnished by . Liverpool cables.
Receipts at Chicago were 266 cars, and 4698 bush
els were taken from store. The Northwest : re.
ceived 268 can, against 414 last Monday and ISO
a year ago.
The world's shipments, amount on passage and
other foreign statistics were not received. Subse
quent to the announcement of the visible supply
prices weakened, but rallied later on a report from
Missouri giving .he yield of that State as 12.000,
-000 bushels. Paris and Berlin closed higher and
Antwerp unchanged. Export clearances of wheat
and flour amounted to 212, bushels. The sale
of 400,i)00 bushels cash No. 3 red tor Eastern
shipment further strengthened prices in the last
hour, and the close was firm at almost the best
quotations of the day. September wheat opened
from 68Vic t0583/ a c. sold between 580 and 58% c,
closing at 58% c bid, 14c higher than Saturday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 225 cars.
CORN— Did little better than drag along through
out the session. At the same time there was a fair
amount of steadiness consequent upon the fact
that arrivals, 1465 cars, were 135 less than ex
pected, and also in cons deration of liberal with
drawals from store 692,720 bushels. The visible
supply increased 1,942,000 bushels. September
corn opened from 243/gc to -4i,4c, advanced to 26c,
closing at 24%@25c, %<S>5/ 8 c higher than Satur
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 1600 cars.
OATS— Were impressed by the feeling which
prevailed in the other markets. Quite a little
steadiness was noted early, but when wheat gave
indication) of weakening there was no hesitation
in the action of oats. Receipts were 433 cars and
2926 bushels were taken from store. Prices re
covered further along in the session through sym
pathy with the other markets. - The visible supply
Increased 6"-'i»,000 bushels. September oats closed
a shade higher than Saturday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 550 cars. " . • .'....
- FLaX— steady. Cash, Northwestern, 75c; South
western, 72c;. September, 72V4@72%c; Decem
ber. 74% c Receipts were 56 car.-,.
PROVISIONS— Owing to the dullness ruling in
this market prices were relieved from violent
fluctuations, but none the less the tone early was
veryweait. For while immediately succeeding
the opening there was a pretense of steadiness, due
to a similar feeling in the hog market. This dlsap.
peared later, a sagging process following. .. When
wheat strengteened toward the close product sym
pathized, recovering the loss. September pork
closed '/Vie higher. September lard 6c higher and
Septemb r r.bs 2 @loc higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was very firm,
especially for fancy makes, to-day. These kinds
• were scarce and business was therefore restricted.
Creameries-Extras. 14c; firsts, 12%@]3%c:
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, : fancy, 10(g,.ic. I
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, 10% c: seconds, 9c. I
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, B@3%c; packing
stock, 7@7%c. ..••■-■ ■
- EGGS— SoId well and were firm. Receipts were
moderate and the demand fair, .fresh stock sold
at 10@llc %* dozen.
aol\Kl —Was steady at 6@7%, both for call and
timfa loans. .New York excuango sold at 60c dis
count.
Closing Prices.
WHKAT— August. 58i/ac: September, 58>4c;
December, 60%@61c.
CORN— August, 245/ @24%c: September. 24%©
25c; May, 28V4C.
OATS— September. 18% c; May, @20% c.
PORK— September. f636: January, So? 02%.
LARL— September, *3 32%: January, *3 62%.
*.li>s— September, £3 42%; January, $3 55.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., August 3.—
The receipts of cattle to-day were large, but the
proportion of choice was small. ; The general mar
ket, was 10c to 15c lower. Fine cattle were not]
much cheaper, however. Offerings of hogs were
not heavy. The feeling was stronger, an excep
tion being noted in the case of common lots, which
were weak. Sheep were in moderate supply ana
stronger. Lambs showed an advance of 10c.
CATTLK-Receints. 23,000. Fancy beeves. #4 45
f)4 50; choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 &> steers,
4 25@4 40; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600 &>,
f 4 10@4 20; medium steers, 1000 to 1 350 o>. $3 80
@4 00: common to fair steers. 960 to
1200 Ib, «3 60® 3 75: > rough Western
steers, $2 90@3 40; feeders, $2 90@3 75:
stocker*. $2 60@3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 85@3 26; bulls.' poor to choice. $1 70
@2 80; cows ■ and heifer*, extra. S3 &o@3 75;
cows, fair to choice, - $'2 30@3 40: . rows,
common to fair canners. SI 2D@2 25; calves, good
to choice, S5 ou@s 40: calves, common to good,
$3 00@4 90: Texas grass steers. $2 50@3 10:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 75@2 50; Western range
steers, $.2 75@3 80; Western range cows and
heifers. $2 10($3 3:>; milkers and springers, per
head, $20 @ 40.
HOGS— Receipts, , 23.000. *■ Heavy - packing ana
shipping lots, $2 9003 25: common to choice
mixed. S3 00@3 35: choice assorted, $3 30®
3 42%: liEht, «3 15@3 45: pigs, $2 80@S 45. ■
sj.i-.t.p— Receipts. 14,000. interior to choice,
* Lira 3 26; lambs, ¥345 85.
CALIFORNIA FKCIT SAXES.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 3.-Porter Bros.
Company sold to-day at open auction California
fruit at the following prices: Pears— Bartletts
sold to ' average $1 81@1 ' 35 per box. Plums-
Japan, 91 »<0 tier half-crate; Bryan' silver, SI 75;
egg, SI 40@l 10; P. D. *■• $1 40@75c; Bradshaw,
SI 30(3)1 10: Columbia, $1 25@1; Diamond, SI 10.
Prunes— Tragedy. SI 45@1 10 per. half-crate:
German. SI 20@l. Peaches— Early Crawford*,
SI 30@l.
-CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at open auction
at the following prices: Bartlett pears. SI 60@l 55
per box; German prunes. SI 30@l 50 per half
crate. Plums— Egg, 75c@$l 40 per half-crate;
purple Duane, $1 35@1 40: Bradshaw, $1 35@
140; Quackenbos, SI 66: Washington, $I@l 25;
Jefferson, 95c@$l. ■ Peaches— Crawford, 80c@l 10
per box; Foster, 80c@$L ; ■
Ni.\V IUKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
, Share*.
Money on call has been easy at »@2%v; : last
loan at 2% and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercan
tile paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 685/ B e. Mexican dol
lars, 536.'8@64%c Sterling Exchange ; firm, with
actual business in : bankers' ' bills at $4 86@
4 86%. for sixty aays and S4 89®4 89% for de
mand. Posted rates, $4 86@4 89%. Commercial
bills, $4 87@4 87%. Government bonds firm; State
bonds quiet: railroad bonds Irregular. Silver at the
board was steady.
CLOHTNO STOCK*.
Am Tel A Cable.... 89 Norfolk A Westrn. 5
Atcblson.... 11V 8 Preferred. ; 10
Preferred 16 Northern Pacific... - 6
Adams Express 145 Preferred 11%
Alton. Terre Haute 64 Northwestern...... 93^
American Express)o7- Preferred.. ..;... . 148
American Tooacco. bBV* N. Y. Central 91%
Preferred......... 95 N. V.. Chicago AS. L, 10
BayStateGas...... 17 Ist preferred..... 65 .
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15 i i"d preferred 20
Brunswick Lands.. N. V.A N. H. 162
buffalo, Roch AP. 10 IN. Y. A New Eng. 35
Canada Pacific.... 57 N. 1 V., Susq A W... ; 714
Canada Southern.. 44 1 Preferred... 18 ■
Canton Land....... 60% Ontario.-:.. ......... 11%
Central Pacific...... 13 'Ontario A Western 12*4
Ches. A 0hi0....... - xi (Oregon Improvmnt ' %
Chicago Alton. 148 I Preferred.;..;;...— v
Preferred.... .....170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago, B. A Q.... 64 Oregon Short Line. 6 t
Chicago A E. 111...- 40% | pacific Mai1. ...r... 18%
. Preferred.... .... »3 Peoria, D.A Evans .
Chicago Ga5........ 52 . .Pittsburg A W. pfd 16
CleveA Plttsbnrg..l64 . Pullman Palace.. ..l43>V
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver.:.. .....i 1%
Consolidated Uas..l4L»% Preferred .....;,;. IS "
C. C. C. A St. Louis 23% Readme . ...w. 108/«
Preferred...;..... 72 KloGrandeAWestn ■15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. ■18 - Preferred. : .....v. -40 -
Preferred 90 Kock Island 54%
Cotton OH Cert .... 9 | Rome WatAOgden. 110 • *
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. AB, W. .;/;;• : SVi
Dei. Hud50n........ 119 Preferred 8 ,
Del LackitWesu-n. 149% St. Panl.; ..;...... 67%
Denver AR. G..... 1(1% Preferred......... 122 >-
Preferred j4l St. Paul A Duluth. 22%
Distillers ...... 10% Preferred.......... 87/.*
General Electric... 23% St Paul A Omaha. 35
Erie................. 13V*I Preferred.... 116
Preferred......... 27% St. P. M. A M 107
Fort Wayne.. 162 - Oliver Certificates.' 68%
Great Northern pfdlOB 'Southern Pacific... " 18 -
Green 8ay.........; , %'Southern R. R.....1 7V 4
Harlem ■.;:.. 294 I Preferred.. ' 20 V*
Hocking C0at...... 14! Sugar Refinery ...103Vs
Hocklni; Valley.:.. 15i<. Preferred. 97%
H0me5take.. ........ 34 Term. Coal A Iron. 15%
H. A Texas Cent... ! Preferred. ... =90
Illinois Central 90% Texas Pacific.'!'. 6V4
Jowa Centra 1...... .: 6 iToI.A.A.AN.Mich.
-t Preferrea ..:.... 22 iTol. A Ohio Cent... -20 '
Kansas* Texas... "9% 'Preferred..'...... ' 50
. Preferred 19%iTol.SuLouis&K.C. 5
-Kinzsion<& Pern... ," 3 I Preferred "j*'s ,''
Lake Erie A Westn i 143 Cnion Pacinc.. ; :*■ 6%
. Preferred......... 61% U. P. Den A Gall.. 1%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
Lake Shore :..... 141 -- |U. & Coraage...... ~; 3%
National Lead. .;.. 19V* Preferred ;..:.'... • 7 ■•-■••-
Preferred ■ 81*- |- Guaranteed ..„:."" 13%
Long 151 and........ 68%' U. 8. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 43^4 U. B. Leather.:;... 6%
Louisville. NaXCh ■"•- 6 Preferred 473^
Preferred......... 13% U. S. Rubber....... 15%
Manhattan Consol. 86% ; Preferred 70
Memphis A Cbaris. 15 • Uticu &B. River.. 150 ■-
Mexican Central.*..-. 7 \V ab. i. A Pac. . 3%
Michigan Central..' 92% Preferred 13%
Minn AS. L........— Wells-Farg0......;. 90
Preferred......... — Western. Union 78%
Minn A St. Ii com. 13 Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 62 v Wheeling AL. E.. >7 . ■
• preferred.:....; 36 Preferred 23%
Missouri Pacific.. 17 Am Cotton Oil pM. 40%
Mobile 0hi0...;. .17" W. U. Beef.*. 6%
Nashville A Chatt. .67 Ann Arb0r.;....... 6 *
National Linseed.. 14' 'Preferred......... 19
N. J. Central 92% Brooklyn Traction. 20
North American... 3}iKrie2dp«l •••• 14
CXOPINO BONDS.' • ■ • : :
V 4s. registered.. KT2d5..... .... 49y a
Do 4s. coupon.... 107% Do 4s .".'..".. .... 79
U S4snew, regstrdllS Mutual Union 65... 108
Do 4s. coupon 113 NJ Cent Gen 55.. .114
. Do 5»5...... ...... 94% Northern Pac lsts.llo%
Do 55... ........ 110 I r D02d5...........M03 ..
As. coupon.. ..llo I D03d5............ 6H/g
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 39
Do 1897.'.... .....101) 1 Do deb 65. ....... 105
Do 1898 .....10;» lO P. A 15t5.....:. 106
Do 1899 ......... 100 KL&lronMtGenss 70
Pacific -is of '95.... ; Si LA 8 F Gen 6s. 1 10
D C 3-65s 109 1/ 4 Si Paul Consols.... 124%
Ala Class A 45... 100 St PCA Pa 15t5. ..112
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 11l
La Consol 45....... 93 Southern RR 55... 81%
Missouri funding... » Texas Pacific lsis. 77V*
N Carolina con 65.. 115 | Texas Pacllic 2ds.. 1634
Do 45.... ....;.... 97% Union Pac lsts 86.100
So Carolina 4%5... 95 West Shore 4a..... 1 00 34
Term new 35....... 70 • Mobile A Ohio 45.. 5S
V a funding debt. . . 62% Grande West Ists 88 *
Do registered Ches * Ohio ... 1 00 ;
Dodeferred 65... 5 Atcnison 4s ... 72%
Do trust rcpts st. 4 Do2ds A.:....... 33 -
CanadaSouih2ds..loo%GH A S A 6s .....101
Ceu Pac lsts of '9s. 98 ! "Do2d 75.;........ 95
Den AB. 15t.... .109 H A Tex Cent 65.. 102
Do 48... ........... 85 Do con 65... 102
Krie2d5..... ....... 6814 Reading 45.... • 7214
Kansas Pa Consols 65 Missouri ba. . ■ ■ • • 100 '
Ksi-alßtaDenUivlll Alabamba, class C
EXCHANGE AM> BULLION.:
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — nominal
Sterling Exchange; 5ight........... — nominal
Sterling Cables.... — nominal
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — ' nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver, jounce...... — 68%
Mexican Dollars :............ — 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In July were
626,133 ctls, valued at $535,108.
The market was dull and unchanged. There
were no English quotations, as it was a holiday in
England. No. 1.96 c $ ctl; choice, 9614 c; lower
grades, 87Va@92%c; extra choice for milling, $1
@1 10 «4 ctl.
CALL BOABD SALES. .
Infokmai. Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— December—
1100 tons, 97% c; 1200. 97% c '
. Second ■ Session— lo:ls o'clock— December—
900 tons, 87% c; 200, 98c. . < ...
Regular Morning December— 7oo
tons. 98c.
Aftkbnook Session— December — 200 tons,
97% c. May— loo, $1 02.
BARLEY— Shipment of 93.151 ctls Brewing,
valued at $74,500, to St. Vincent.
The market is quiet and unchanged. We quote
Feed, 65@67%e : Brewing, 75@8 i%c
CALL, BOABD SALES, g:
Infobmal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
100 tons, 6bc.
Second Session— lo:ls o'clock — No sales.
Rkgitlab Mobnino December— 2oo
tons, 68V4C.
Aftebnoon Session— No sales. -
' OATS— Dealers report a continued good de
mand. ' New Oats are selling at 72%@80c. Old
mill in?, 85@90c '$ ctl: fancy, feed, 90@92%c
%* ctl: good to choice, 82 V->@9oc; common to fair,
72%@77%c; Gray, 80@82%c: surprise, 95c@
$102%. . ' . - -.
CORN— Large Yellow. 87%@95c $ ctl: Small
Round do, 95@96i4c; White. 77%@82%c $ ctl.
RYE— 72%@7sc fi ctl for old and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Sc %4 ctl. '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are as follows: :' Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40@
3 50: superfine, $2 76@3.
• CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 f( ton. . ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Flour, 2 c; Rice Flour. 5%c: Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oatmeal, 90; Oat
Groats, 3Vqc; Hominy, 9\i XO(a,:< 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 Io@3 30; Cracked Wheat, 28,4 c: Fa- I
rina, 3%c: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, bVac; Pearl Barley, 3 c; Split Peas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10. .-•■■-
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF?. j
BRAN-$13@14 for the best and $12@12 60 9
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $15@16 * ton tor lower grades
and $17@18^>, ton for the best.
FEr.DSTCFFs Rolled Barley, $15: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, S2l 9 ton: jobbing, $22.
HAY — The market Is In fair shape, considering
the heavy receipts. Wheat is quotable at $7@iO;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6 50<tt8; BaTley,
$6@7 50; River Barley, $4 50@5: Alfalfa, $5 50®
6 50 for second and $4 50(0jft for first cutting;
compressed, $6@B; stock, $4@5; Clover, $5 50®
7 60.
STRAW— 3O®4Oc bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos,9o@9sc; Small Whites, sl®l 15
V ctl; Pea, $I@l 20 ,. $ ctl; Large .Whites,
90c@$l 07% i* ctl; Pink, 70@80c: Rods, $1®
1 16: Black-eye, $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Limas, $2@2 40; Butters, $I@l 40. . ;
SEE Brown Musard, SI 60@l 75 ■ ? ctl;
Trieste,. :$2 25® -i 75 ."& ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 60(31 75; Flax, sl 70@l 80; Canary, 23^c
» Ib: Alfalfa. 7%@9%c ~V> lb; Rape, 2%c%» lb;
Hemp, 3y 2 c $*. ■ - . , -
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 * ctl for NUes and
$1 25@1 60 for Green. . . ;
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Supplies are large and the market.
is weak. Sweet Potatoes, 3@4c $ tt>; Garnet
Chiles, 60@66c * ctl; > Early Rose, : 4o@4sc %i ctl ;
Burbank Seedlings, 35@45c ~f, ctl for Rivers and
75@85c for San Leandro; Salinas Burbanks, 75(<z
Bbc ctl. : ' ■-■■• :• r :■■- :--..■:: ..-;., ■ -.-...
ON lONS— SoId better at 40@50c * ctL ;
VEGETABLES— New Marrowfat Squash, lc $
lb; Green Corn. 50c@$l 25 '& sk: AlamedaCorn.
$1 25@1 75 crate: Berkeley Corn, $I@l 25 3
box; Summer Squash, 16@26c for Bay; Efcg Plant,
40@60c large box: Tomatoes, 30@50c for Rivers
!idu 20@25c for Vacaville: Alarm-da Cucumbers,
10@25c fi bx; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 50@60 for
No. 3; Green Peppers. 2f>@soc large bx for Chile
and 40@75c f> box for Bell: Green Peas, 50c@,fl $
sack for common and 2@2%c 9 lb for Garden:
String Beans. 50c@$l V sk for common and 2@
2%c for garden; Limas : Green Okra, 50@ •
75c f) box; Cabbage. 40c ctl; Carrots, 26@30c
%i sack ; Garlic, y*@2c %4 tt>.
BUTTER, CHIiESE AND EGGS. :
' BUTTER— The market kept steady despite lib
eral receipts. Buyers, however, are commencing
on pickled goods.
■'- CRKAMKKV— Fancy, 'M)c, with sales at an ad
vance; seconds, 18@1 9c ft to. .' . |
Daisy— Fancy, ': 17%@l>c Ift Ib: good to choice,
16%@16%c; lower grades, 13@1 5c : . .
. Pickled— l6@l7c %4 !b. . •
Firkik— '$ rb. ' . ■
CHEESE— Fancy mild new j is auotable at 8y 2
9c f> lb; common to good, 6%@Sc: Cream Ched
dar, 10@llc: Young America, 9@loc %t lb; West
ern, 10®llc; Eastern, ll@l3c , : .. ;
EGGS— The market shows no weakness. Eastern
are quotable at ln@l6i ~f. doz; store Eggs, ll@l4c
* doz for poor and 16@17c for good ; ranch Eggs,
20@23c, with sales '■ even higher; ; cold-storage
ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 15@16c
POULTRY , AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern is announced for
to-day. Live Turkeys are quotable at 12%@14c
fi lb for :• Gobblers, , 12@13c * lb v for : • Hens : ;
young .Turkeys,' 15@17c $ lb: Geese, $ pair, $1
@1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $2 sOfa>3 50
for old and $2 50@4 bO for young: Hens. $3 50@
4 50: Roosters, young, $4 60@5: do, old, $4@4 50;
1 Fryers. $3 50®4 ; Broilers, $3®3 160 for large ana
$1 50(2)2 50 fat small; Pigeons, $1 25<g>l 50 $ doz
for young and old. • *. -
GAME— Nominal. . • ■ ;■• : : . ?""•■'■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— :
Peaches, Pears '■■ and Plums are ;in large supply
and weak. • Arrivals of Figs show signs of increas
ing. • . . ■ . .
Red Nectarines/ 40@65c: White, 25@50c V> box.'
-. Peaches,' 1 5@35c %1 box, ■ 20@30c * ■ basket and
812 50@18 f» ton. ■■ ■ ■ ■ ' '. :.-:, ' .
Plums. i 25@40e ft i box " and : 40@60c ' f4 crate ;
White in bulk, $10@20$) ton; colored are not want
ed by the caimera; Japanese Plums, ■ 25@50c;
Prunes, 3f@6oc. • -■»-;•■- • <-■-. •
• Apples, 75c@$l ?) box for choice and 40@60c
for common. '.:■■■. . ,
Crabapples, 25@40c "$ box. i ,- : .
■v Pears s 200140 c *$ box; Bartletts, 20@50c "$ box
andslß@lB 1* ton. - ; : ■> ■':..' :-,-•:•:--
--Figs. 76c@$l 25 9 box for single and 75c@$l 50
for double layers. '■
BERRIES— ■:-,■■- ■
Strawberries, $1 60@4 f, chest for Long
worths and $1 25@3 for large berries. .
' Raspbernex. $3 5005 "p chest." .' /■',"'
Blackberries: $2@3"^ chest. : '-
: GRAPES— The market continues very dull. Va
caville Sweet waters and Fontainebleaux, 25@i0c
f> box and 25050 c V crate.': - : ■ ■ • '■ .-. ■  -
- MELONS— Watermelons. = $B@lS "9, 100: Canta
loupes, $1 50®3 SO 9 crate; Nutmegs, $I®l 50 %
box. .:.:-. ■*"'-..■'■; ...''....,•:.•■. ■:'.' ..,'•'- ■'.., .:',. -.-'
CITRUS i--RUlTB^Orangos, $3@4 Tfr box for
'. Valenclas and $2@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
St. Michaels; Lemons. SI 50®2 60 for common
and $3@4 for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 60
9 box: California Limes. 75c(&$l: Bananas, $I@°J
V- bunch; Pineapples, $2@S 50 V- dozen. ■
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— ' ,
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots — New Apricots are quotable
at 6y ? @6»AC lb f. o. b., coast. Old Prunes, 3c;
new Prunes, 3 3 4 c.
Jobbing Pbices— New Apricots, si^@63ic: old
evaporated Apples, 4 Viac "f. lb, Peaches, 3@sc and
6c for fancy; peeled in boxes, 11@12%e tt>: old
Prunes, 3c for four sizes; Fits, black. 3%c; White
Fies. H@sc 9 ft: Plums. 3%@4c: for pitted and
l@l%c for unpiuea; Nectarines, 4@sc $ lb for
I prime to choice. v ■ -'. :A'-"^'^ '•-'-,- /.^ '
. RAlsix-i—prjces are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, , Fresno: •' Four-crown. l loose, none: 3-crown, '
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c i* tb; seedless Sultanas, ;
3c; seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay- 1
ers, 70c box; clusters, $1 85@1 50: Dehesaclus- j
ters, $2 10@2 25- Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75. - ;
■Jobbing Pbicks— Four-cro loose, 41.4 c: 3
crown, 3%c; ' 2-crown, "j. 33/ 8 c "f, lb. i Seedless Sul
.tanas, 4c % '&• Seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3-crown
London • layers' ' 75@90c: ■ clusters, 31 . 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters $2 50: Imperial clusters. «2 76.-
NTJTs— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@ ]
lie for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c 9 lb for paper-shell, 1
jobbing lots; Almonds. *S®7V2C 1» Jb for * Lan- j
Kuedoc, 2%<S3c « 1b for hardshell ' ana B@loc ;
%* lb for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, .6@«%c ;
V> tt> for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c- Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 7®Bc * ft;
Cocoanuts, S4@s * 100. ■ '.-••-■•
. HONEY-Comb; 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades- water-white extracted, 5@5%c:
li«ht amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark amber, 4@
*^4 C = dark, 2@3c lb. $ lb. -
BEESWAXX-25@27i/ 2 c $ lb.
IKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, is .quotable at 6%c
for heavy, 7%c fi It> for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for su?ar
curea; Eastern ' Su^ar -cured ; Hams, 12l&12%c:
California Hams, ill@llc *s id: Mess Beef, :$7
@«; extra mess do, $8; family do, $10; extra
prime PorK, $B®B 50; extra clear, $13 'f> bbl;
mess. $11 60<ai2 « bbl: Smoked Beef. 10c '** lb.
LARD-EasTern. tierces is quoted at 4%c %* tb
for compound and sVic for pure; pails, be* tb;
California tierces 4V»c for compound ana 6Va c for
pure; half-bbls, 5%c; 10-lb tins, 6%c; do 6-lb,
6V2C ?i lb.
COTTOLENE-5V2@5%c in tierces and 614®
66/ 8 c 3lb in 10- tins. ■ .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7@7%c fi ' lb: . culls and . brands,
6@6%c i* lb: medium, 6@6%c * lb; culls and
brands, 6@5%c &>; light, sc: culls and brand*,
«c: Cowhides, o@s%c: culls and brands, 4@4%c;
salted Kip, 5c * lb; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c: dry Hides, a 0V 2 @llc; culls and brands, 8@
8V 2 c: dry Kip and Veal, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(#36c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 15®
25c: winter, 7@loc: sheepskins,shearlings,lo@lsc
each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40@
50c each: long wools, 60@60c each. - Culls of all
kinds about %c less.. ■
TALLOW— No. '■ 1, rendered, 8@31.4c; No. 2,
2y 2 c: refined, 6 %c: Grease. 2i/ic $ lb. . .
• WOOL— Humboldt and Mendocino quotable at
10@lic; VaUey Oregon, 10@llc;do lower grades, 8
@l(Jc; Nevada, »'i@BVac: San Joaquln and south
ern Coast, six months, 4®6c: San Joaquin, foot
hill,' good to choice, 6%@7%c;San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@5y 2 c; northern tree, 7<&>9c: do defec
tive, 5@6%c %4 rb. . ' "' ' ■ ■
HOPs-Nominal at 2@4c $ lb for 1896 and 6@
for 1890. ■■■■.. .•■■'- --' -. .:".-•.
GENERAL ' MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25@4 SO;
Ban Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26V3C.
COAL— Wellington. $8 "$ ton: New Wellington,
$8 f, ton; Soutbfield Wellington, $7 60 >P ton;
Seattle, $o@s 00: .Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend. $7; . Hootch. $7 50; Brvmbo, $7 50; .
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and 513@14 In ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $1150; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; Cannel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate: and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Cone,
$ll@li! in bulk and $13 $ ton in sks.
I SUGAR— The Western sugar Refining company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 6%c;
Powdered, 53/ c: Fine Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, 434 c; Confectioners'. A. 4%c; Magnolia A,
4*/ 8 c; Extra C, 414 c; Golden C, 4ygC: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: •
BEEF— First quality, sc; second do, 4y @43 / 4c;
third do, 3%@4c %i lb. . , -- . .-;-■■
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@6c "$ lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, . 5®5%c; Ewes, 4%@5c
f* lb. ■■■'■ ;.'■:,' --■ -■.._•■- -.
i LAMB-s@6c * lb. . ' «:,:--.t ",
' POKK— ' Hogs, 3c « lb for large and 3%c
for small and medium; dressed do, 4i4@sVa c "t> ttt
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCE. .
'■'i.ll. - FOB 24 HOURS. 
Flour, qr. sks:;.. 16.642 Hay, tons 756
'Oregon...'. 21,270 Straw, t0n5.'..... 40
Wheat, ct15...... 63,976 Butter, ct15...... 172
Oregon, sks.... 4.840 Cheese, ct15...... 35
Washington.... 1,735 Eggs, doz 6,040
Barley, ctls 101,366 Hides, no 209
Oats, ells 730|Pelts, bdls 15
Corn, ctls 500 Wine, gals. 48,300
Beans, 5k5....;.. 7 Wool, bis '.. 100
Rye, ctls. 535 Oregon 47
Potatoes, sks . 8,762 Honolulu 25
Onions, sks ' 310 Quicksilver, Msks 80
Middlings, sks... 225 Lumber, M feet.. 10
Bran, ska 71 Lime, bb15. ...... 800
Oregon 2,850 Tallow, ctls. , IS
• ..■ ' ■' ','•• - — • — ♦ » ■""
REEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Egidio S. and Rose Carniglia to Elizabeth Pleper,
lot on W line of Midd.e street, b7:6N of Pine, N
25 by W 89; $10.
Maria Hall to Horace W. Carpentier, lot on N
corner of Howard and Thirteenth streets, NE 221,
NW 106:7, SW 220. SE 104:41/2: grant.
Marietta L. Dawson to Henry tS. Dan-son, lot on
W line of Capp street, 120 N of Nineteenth, N 20
by W li) 2:6: gift.
George and Marie K. Tournv to William and
Ellen Enright. lot on Wlinfi of York street. 166 S
Of Twenty-fifth, S '16 by W 100; $10.
Peter D. and Minnie A. McCarty to Mary E.,
Myra M. ana Daniel W. McCarthy, lot on S line of
Army street, 140 W of Oolores, W 25 by S 114; SI.
Louise Ellwin to James Healy, M.D.. lot on NE
corner of Duncan and Ellen streets, E 203:8 by N
114; $10.
Chares B. and Jessie W. Htone to Patrick and
B. W. Fitzpatrick, lot on SE line of Harrison
street, 71 :6 NE of First, NX 23 by SE 69: $10.
isimon and Marguerite Kelly to John V. Boyd,
lot on SW line of Fifth street, 60 SE of Stevenson,
SE 25 by SW 75: also lot on N line of O'Farrell
street, 175 E of Hyde. E 25 by N 90: ijjso lot on 8
corner of Howard and Third streets, SW 75, SE
28:8, NX 75, NW 23:41,4: also lot on S line of
O'Karrell street, 229:2 W of Jones, W 45:10 by S
137:6: SO.
Samunl T. Pearl to Richard R. Krull, lot on E
line ot Connecticut street, 375 Sof Napa,S26 by
E 100; $10.
1-rederick E. and Emilie M. Mason to John E.
Mason, undivided one-quarter of lot on W line of
lowa street, 433 N of Voio, N 56 by W 100: $10.
Same to same, undivided half of lot on W line of
lowa street. 25 8 of Yolo, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Janus Coddlngton and Mary F. Prince, wife of
Frank R. Prince, to Solomon Getz, lot on NW cor
ner of J street and Eighteenth avenue, N 226 by
W 240: $10. •
Patrick D. Geary or Patrick Gulrey to Henry J.,
Thomas M. and Anne H. Day, all interest, etc., in
lot 3. block 40, Suunyside Homestead Associa
tion; SlO.
James W. Hamilton to Frances Hamilton, house
and lot at 735 Sixteenth avenue; also all furni
ture, etc., as recorded; $10.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Edward A. Kluegai to Laura Bell, lot on W line
of Linden street, 125 S of Fourteenth, S 60 by W
152, Oakland; gift.
John T. and Marie R. Wold to Frederick 8.
Prescott. rerecord 533 a 61, lot on E corner of
Twenty-fourth street and Ninth avenue, 8E 60 by
NE; 150, block 14w, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Wame to same, same. East Oakland: $10.
H. TB. and Laura A. Pinney to Elizabeth H.
Taylor, lot on hW line of E»st Twenty-first street,
63.95 NW of Sixteentu avenue, SW 63.95, SW
105, NW 84 53. NE 10698 to beginning, belug the
N 105 feet of partition of fractional block 67,
San Antonio, East Oakland: $1".
Union Bavin n Bank to William Patterson, lot
on X lino of Walnut street, 240 S of Vine, s 60
by X 138:7, being lots 9 and 19 and portion of lots
29 and 30, block 6, resubdivlsion of Aniisell villa
lots, Berkeley: $19.
Conrad Mofraann to Lena Hofmann, lot on N
line of county road survey No. 1538, NE9.77
chains distant from E y% of section 9, township
3 south, range 2 X, thence NE 7-58 chains, NE
2.94 Chains, SW 6-71 chains, SW 3.31 chains to
becintiing, beine pjrtion of SW i/j of N b. 14, sec
tion 9, township 3 south, range 2 t., Murray Town
ship: gift.
Wells, Fargo A Co. to Mary H. Simpson, lot on 8
line of Simpson avenue, 904:5 W of Telegraph
avnue, w 40. S 106.53, E 38.27, N 106.33 to be
giuniiiK. b"iiig the W 40 feet of lot 21, Simpson
Tract, Oakland ; *10.
Mary 11. Hmpson to Ad° ia and Margaret Mad
den, lot on s line of Simpson avenue, 938.50 W of
Telegraph avenue, 3 106.33, X 38.27, N 106.53,
W4O to beginning, being portion of lots '.'o and 21,
c-lmpson Tract, Oakland: $10.
J. West and Jane K. Martin to W. J. Adams, lot
on SK corner of >lawt home street and Telegraph
avenue, s 49.3, E 127.70, N 4807, W 127.85 to
beginning, being lot 6, block B, Amies Truct, Oak
land; $lti.
.Juiiii s W. and Hannah L. McCombs to Martha
F. Grlfflu, lot 7, block L, Klinknerville Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage, Oakland Townsmp; $10.
Thomas Y. 1 allnian to Hose K. Chappie, lot on
W line of Louisa street. 166.92 S of Delaware, H
60 by W 134.66, being lot 31, Twltchell Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
K. 11. X, Johnson to W. A. White, lot on S line
of Lincoln avenue, 4ti4:6 W of Court street, W 40
by » 100, 1m in:,- portion of lots 10 and 11, Johnson
Tract, Alamedu; $b6OO.
Builders' Contracts,
H. M. Colety with Williams A Foster, to erect a
one-story frame cottage o:i W line or Florida
street, 234 s of Twentieth, $1500: architect, D. V.
Dud.
LouM Baxet with Frank Steiniian, carpenter
worlc, etc., for three-story building on N line of
Ge.-iry street, 80 feet W of Larkin, $2375; architect,
Chanes it. Wilson.
Elislia Brooks with Jacob Bchuller, carpenter
worK, etc., for atwo-story f ram ■ building on S line
of Sinter street, 137:6 E of Buchanan, $1300;
architect, William H. Wharff.
THE STOCK MARKET.
A rally on the noon informal session carried
prices up to apoiut s@loc higher than the best
prices of Saturday, but the usual decline came
along In the afternoon and values shrank all down
the list. Busiuess on the nojn session was
lively in the favorites. Chollar touching $2 70,
Con. Cal. A Va. $1 85. Gould A Curry 79c, Savage
80c. lliile A Norcross ?1 25 and Potosi $] 35.
'Ihe close was firmer again, as will be seen be
low.
Aloha Con. is assessed 10c.
The Chollar delinquent sale takes place to-day.
I The following mining 'companies report balances
on hand August 1:. :.' ' 1 ■ ■: ; '
Ande5. :.".......": $11,538 Ken tuck . . . $2,470
Aloha Con... -1,547 Lady Wash Con. . -^90
A1ta........ ......... 5,455 Mexican......... I .Vmq^
Best & Belcher. . 1.050 Mono -.»»»
8u11i0n.........'./., 3,62« ophir ........-•• *.»''
Bodie c0n.....;,. 4,193 0verman......... £'.*?
c0n...... 7,641 Occidental Con.. 3,801
! Caledonia.::..... 4,462 Potosi. ...— »-|*»
Con. New York.. 1,934 Seg." Belcher..... 4,dfta
! Crown Point..;.. 6,689 scorpion ........ . l.»»|
Con. A Va... 26, syndicate. -,00V.,
Chollar.-.::';...:. '; 24,089 1 Standard C0n.... ]f-™~
Confidence.....:. 8,317 i Savage y . ••-••;•- I \%i? )
Church .......... 9.628 Sierra Nevada... 4,380
Challenge Con... 858 silver Klng.V...; -.2.16*
Con. Imperial.... 287 Summit^ ........ *i
E. Sierra Nev... 48c Silver HUP...... 1,332
Exchequer....... 981 ■ Union Con i i '«?«
Gould Curry... -.'930; Utah C0n......... l,o<B
Julia C0n... ;..... '296
The following companies report an Indebtedness
August 1: Belcher $352, Hale A >orcross $3142,
besides an overdraft of $8000 secured by the com
pany's note at ■ the Bank of California. • There is
unsold bullion on bend of the estimated value of
$5000, besides 15,406 due on the pending assess
ment. . ,
Additional reports from the Comstock are as fol
lows:
In the Hale A Norcross mine (Comstock work
ings) on the 900 level have continued to cut out a
place In the nortn drift 154 feet from the station
preparatory to " starting an upraise, v Have also
been working on the sill , floor. 'I he ; ore streak
looks about the same as last reported. 975 level —
The or.' streak in upraise 3 is very small. Ex
tracted 9 carloads of ore assaying $69 35 in gold
and 39.90 ounces of silver per ton. Sent to United
States mint at Carson July 30 crude bullion, assay
value unknown. , This is the first bullion shipment
from 245 tons and 1800 . pounds of ore reduced in
June and July. > "- .;^»»>BEi^iaMJMMfflBS*MB»&|
In the Ophlr mine on the 1000 level west cross
cut 1 350 feet south of the shaft station is in 487
feet. The face is in • porphyry carrying seams of
clay and lines of quartz, the latter assaying $1 per
ton. Quartz assaying $2 to $3 per ton is being
found in the old Central tunnel workings. On the
1000 level of the Mexican ■ mine west; crosscut 1
from the north drift 280 feet nortn of the : Ophlr
line is in 630 feet. The face is in bard ' porphyry,
clay seams and vein matter of low assay value.
Reports from the. Union, Utah, sierra Nevada
and Best A Belcher show the usual exploratory
work. ..-;-■£. vt
Con. Cax. A Va., Best A Bklchtcb and Gould
A Cubby (Brunswick lode workings^— shaft No.
This shait was sunk 9 feet on the incline, total
depth ' 302 feet, bottom in hard porphyry, 150
level— main south i drift, started from east
crosscut No. 1, was extended 8 feet, total length
114 feet, face in porphyry, clay and quartz. '■ Gould
A Curry tunnel— ln the main tunnel they started
east and west crosscuts at a point 850 feet from
the mouth. The east crosscut has been advanced
16 fees passing through porphyry and stringers of
quartz. ; The west crosscut was advanced 14 ■ feet,
passing through porphyry, and quartz showing
some value. .. -■ ■■■'v .. '■ : '- ■ "■'.■','":'';', -■-■■•■ \:
' ravage (Brunswick lode workings)— Shaft ■ No.
1, 300 level— Work was resumed In the joint north
drift, which has been advanced 35 feet, making its
total length from the shaft station 111 feet, face in
quartz and porphyry. '■■ . . •' •< ; - -. • 1
II alk A Nobcross (Brunswick lode workings)—
Shaft 1 has been sunk 12 feet on the incline, pass
ing through porphyry (foot wall rock), and It also
shows some quartz: total : depth- 538 ; feet. 300
level— Main north drift from station was advanced
40 feet; total length 1«7 feet. Face in porphyry
and stringers of quartz. East crosscut from south
drift, 30 feet from south boundary," was extended
6 feet, making its total length 36 feet. The face is
in hard rock. 1 Have started a south drift from this
crosscut at a point 15 feet | in from : main south
drift and advanced the same 6 feet, showing both
streaks of ore first cut coming together. \
' choi/lab (Brunswick lode * workings)— No. 1
shaft has been sunk 12 feet on the Incline and Is
now down 538 feet. The bottom is in the footwall,
showing bunches of quartz on the clay which is in
sight. 200 level— The east crosscut from the end
of the south lateral drift has been run 62 feet dur
ing the past week; total length 110 feet. The
material encountered • consisted ■ chiefly 'of por
phyry, and at the end of the drift the hanging wall
has been encountered. .-.
Work has been resumed in the I face of the south
drift. 300 ; level— The south 1 drift .on this level
nas been extended 28 feet, and lis out 1 104 feet
south of the ChoUar-Norcross line. When out 90
feet a streak |of quartz 10 inches '■■ wide came in
gradually from the east, and: when in 93 feet this
streak had widened to 4 feet of j good ' ore. Have
followed this formation to I the present face, where
the quartz shows a width of 4 feet, but owing to a
bunch of waste coming in from \ the | west side Is
narrowed in the bottom to a little over 2 feet. The
ore is savea and has been stored in the | station and
In the main drift. The car samples vary from
$28 to $60 per ton, and the face samples trom $22
to $105 per ton, nearly one-half gold. ;
fcOAi'.b :;.iAi,ij,
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
Rv.iti.AU MOBNTjen KK««ros- m«v»vot»i 9:30.
400 Alpha 10,600 G AC 68150 Poto»l. .1.10
100 Ande5. ...29|300 HAN. .1.10|200 Savac 71
700 Belcher.. .3B 100 Mxcn 67 400 70
400 B<tß 84 100 56 250 8Nev....68
400 Cha11ge...44 3600ccidt1....65100 Uni0n. ...47
550 Choir. ...2.i?6 100 Ophlr 99 500 ..46
100 CCAV... 1.70 700 Ovrmn....lBi3oU VJ»wit«t..39
200 1.65 200Potosi... 1.151
iITKRNOOX SKSSIOK— 'I:tI.
100 Alpha 10 100 Conn ...1.06i150 P0t05i. ..1.25
500 BAB. ...84 200 GAC 7i!WW 1.20
100 82 400 71 100 Say 74
100 dialing.. .44|lOO HAN... 1.201200 73
100 Ch0ir.. .2.45110J Mxcn 56i'200 72
200 2.50 300 Mono 20|260 S NT 6*
400 2.60 LOO 0phir.. .1.00 60 Union ...46
100 CCA V.. 1.70 200 ..99 200 Utah .10
100 1.75 •
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
200 Aloha.-. 12 600 CCV ....1.70 150 0ph1r1.02%
300 Alts 11 200 ..... 1.72V2 200 1.07V 2
400 Ande5.... .30 100 ..:.. 1% 400 ......... 1.10 I
800 8e1cner...39 200 . 1.82%|200 0vrmn....20
900 B &8......83 200 Exchqr..,.Us|4oo ............IS I
100 ...........86 U&C......69 600 PotOsi...iy 8
300 .........:.87 400 . ..'... 721000 .....;.«.I.IS i
100 88 500 .......... 73600 1.25
100 90100 ......76 300 .........1.30
I MO 8u11i0n.... 19 200 ...........78600 1.35
600 ...........20 300H<fcN:..;]y 8 1 300 1.27 Vi
200 8u1wer...33 300 .......... l.iu|lso ..........1.20
200 Caleda.... 17 1000 1.20.5*00 5av....,..71
800 Chalng...44 200 .......1.2aV 2 200 ... . ...74
1800 Ch0ir.. 2. 25 800 ......:..1.5!6 1000 ;........ 76
200 .......2.27% 200 Ju1ia..... .07,50i) 79
j 100 .......:. 2.80 300 Justice.. ..oHl3oo ....: 80
< 150 . ....:. 2.35 200 Kentck....O7 600 Scorpion..o6
! 200 ...... ....2% 200Mexu 55 200 SB&M.. 11
i 200 .......2.42% 3JO ;......'....60,'400 a NT......68
; 200 ...... 2.47% 200. ......... 62 200 .........;;..67
■ 800 ...... 2.50 200 Mono 19 300 ...........62
200 .........2.55 300 Occd 64 1000 811 Hill. 02
900 .. ........ .2.65 400 .............69 100 Union C... 47
100 .......2.67% 300 ...... ;.....7O 600 . 49
700 ....... ...2% 300 .....'.:..: .66300 Utah .....11
200 ....;... .2.40 100 Ophtr 99100 V Jack«t..4l
30a C0nn... .1.00 400 ....1.00 400 .......40
I 400 Crwn Pt...4U!
* IITFKSOOS RKRBION-— ?: 30. ■'•"'.
-200 A1t)ha:....12 150 CCV. 1.72% 200 Overman IS)
200 A1ta. ...... 11 100 .....;.1.82% 100 F0t05i...1.20
200 Andes..;. 50 C0nn... .1.00 500 ... 1.17 V*
400 ...........30 300 C P01nt....40!500 .... ' 1.26
800 Belcher. .39 200 U&C...;.. 73|2U0 1 30
2UO 8&8....V.85 200 .......V....76 Save.".'.. 76
! 100 Bodie 62 200 H&JNl.l7yj4OO Scorpion 05
200 Bullion... 19 200 ......r.-.1.'10 200 8 B AM.. 11
100 8u1wer~..33 200 Kentuck.,o7 300 a Kv. . .: 65
200, Cha11ge.. .44 jtfex.:.:..69 100 64
150 C1i01r2.47% 200 M0n0.. ...19 300 Union. '. "46
100 ...... ....2.6u2000ccd..... .67 100 49
200 .....28^ 200 ..... ..'...;. 68 41K) U:*i»..'."...10
200 ...... ....2. 70 300 Ophlr 2 20U V Jckt...39
300 ...... .2.72% 100 ......... .1.06 200 „.. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. August 3, 4 p. „.
Jsid.AskeiL . '•*■'■ Bid. Aiked}
Alpha Con. ... 10 11 Jack50n........ as —
A1ta... ......... 10 11 Julia. ' ". • — 10
1 Ande5.........: 30 31 Justice.".' 06 —
! 8e1cher.......: 38 39 Keutuck. 06 08
1 Best <fe Belcher 85 . 86 Lady Wash. _ (14
! BentonCon.... 15 — Mexican...;.". .66 68
! Bodle .......... — , 65 Mono ..::.;;. - . — : so
i 8u11i0n........ 20 21 Nevada Queen. 03 —
8u1wer.. . . ..... 32 35 North G & C. . 07 —
Caledonia..;... 11 12|Occldental. «7 68
< Ch011ar.. ...... 2.70 2.75 0ph1r.... 1.00 105
I Con.Cal<fcVa...l.Bo 1.85!0verman..... 18 i/- 20
; Challenge Con. 43 45|P0t051... ..;.... 1.30 135
Con. Imperial. 02 CSiSavage ....... 75 77
1 Confidence.... 1.06 1.10 Scorpion.... . 05 06
Con New York 04 _ Seg. Belcher... 10 12
Crown Point... 59 40 Syndicate — 114
j EastSierraNev — «4 silver Hill. — 03
: Eureka Con ... - 25 Sierra Nevada. 64 ' 65
Exchequer.... 05 07 Union C0n..... 48 49
Goula<fe Curry. 74 75! Utah ....... 09 10
Hale ANorcra. 1.20 1.25 Yellow Jacket. 40 41
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. An*. B—2 p. v.
; TTNITKr) STATES) HONDA
-"•; > '.'Bid. .Asked. ; : Bid. J Alked.'
US coup.. lo6: - DBl>re|... - 10734
Do new Insuell2 — /4
V. , ;\, MJSCKI^ANKons rnvn*. •'
Ca!-*rCbless 109 112 : IPncßoll _
CalElecLßs - 123, Do 2d is 6s _
CniraCW6s - 94 l'*Oßy6s' - 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 99 P&Chßy6< — ' 112 .
>:dsnL*PßsllB .:. - Pwl-st RR6V - 11BW,
F4CHKK6S. ■- 105 Reno, Will, - i 105^
Geary-stßss. - 107% Sacto P& L. _ 102%
I LosAneLtfs. _ 99 ? |SF.ftNPRSs. - 98
•Do Gateed6s- — IUOy a ;SPRRAriz - -
Mkt-stCble6sl2o% - %PRRc»l6™ - 110U,
DoKy Con 55.. 103 104 isPHRCaI 6,. - _7*
IsatVin6slst 96 — : SPBrRCaIBs. — flfl**.
KevCNeRJs. »0 105 Waters* 1 lO^lSo*
£-£ C £?2* ~ 10 • SVWau>r4*.. 97 -98%
££ y £■?«*■ ■■" IUI SlktnG&Eßs - 100
£Jy Calss. _ 100 SunstT&Tßs. ' _ -.
OakUas 55. .102 _ Sutter-stßsa.lQB%liO
lK>2dUss.. ;?_ 106 VisaliaWCU. -^y-. -
Omnibus b5.117 : . 119*4
■' :". : ■..". ■•■ - -Ratek stocks
Contra Costa ■■-: r 40 iSanJose... _ _
MarinCo.... 50 •-_..; |Sprng Valley 96V 4 96%
CAS STOCKS. ■
Capital....... — ■30 - : - ipaciflc Llzht - 49^
Central fIS _ 9 an Francsco 89% 90
OakUL&H 52 62^ Stockton..... - ™ m
PacUaslmp. 82 ;S3 ;7| ; . ■-:;■•
.; : :. INSTIEAXCB stocks.
Fireman'sFdl6s - |Sun ..;.;.....- 25 60;,
; » ; :. f COMUEECIAL BANK STOCW. ' '■'. '
AmerBATC. _ ' — LondonP&A. 124 127 :
Anglo-Cal.:.. . — 58 LondonisF. — ,-: 14714,
Bank of Lai.. _ 235 Merch Ex... 12 -
Cal b D&XCo 63% ' — . Nevada :.; — —
FirstNationL - 183 Sather BCo. - ; -
'■■:■>. SAVINGS BANK BTOOK^.
OerSALCo. j*i — 1 1290 ■' A Loan. . :— ' 100
Humbb&lUlOO > 1450 Security _ 376 1-
Mntual --".:. - ' 40 ; Union trust. 726 — '-
bFsayUnlon — ■ 485 t -.>r'- -■= •-■■•-.: -.
A. i; . V .BIBKIIT RAILROAD STrv-;<* ,
California.... 108: -;. :"■■- lOak BLAHay : _ 100 i
Geary-5t...... - 65 Presidio..... ; 7 8
Murket-5i,,., 40 41^Sutt«r-it...., - — .
FOWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 -.•—' [Giant C0n.... 15 / i 18*4
Eastern D... 70 75 Judson D.... — - — -
California.... ,70 .:■— ■IVlßOrit... — "" - 1
:, * MISCKI.IMKEOITB STOCKS. . .
Alaska Pkrs. 91 93 ,Nat Vln Co.. — —
BlkPt:on!f'o. — 10 , Oceanic SSCo — 23
Cal Cot Mills - — PacAuxFA 1 —
Edison Llghtll2 114 PacßoraxCo. 98 100 .
GasCon Assn. 5 — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 185 — Parf PalntCo .6% 7%
HawC<fcSCa. 163,4 , 17% PacTr»usCo. — .2*
Hutch SPCo 21 Sis/, T&T Co. — 90
MerExAsan.loo 110 iSunset 41 - — ~
MElee Light — 4%l United C Co. — 20
BALKS— IIOK->.V » «'
, Board— . _
; 1 German Savings & Loan ...... 1250 00
'15 Hawaiian Commercial.. " 16 25
■■ Street— . ' "' ■ ■ ■ '■
100 Hawaiian Commercial.; 16 25
'; SALES— AFTEBNOOX SKSMO*
Board— . . . ' . : , ' „
: 25 Hutchinson Co :.'........ 20 00
-25 do do .....:.................. 20 3V%
50 do .do .20 75
100 do do 830 .V 2087%.
25 do; do 2100
45 S F Gaslight. :.'...' ..i... ........ '. 88 6^%
100S VWater..... ....................... t)B 25
■.' Street— v ; ..-. : \v* -^
, 35 SV Water 86 50
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOL-^E.
Mrs R Hall, Sacramento Miss Hall, Sacramento
Rev W Mahon. Modesto S W Mahon, Modesto
S V Kemper Jc fy, Mont H W Combs, Modesto
G X Porter, Cal N Messer, s Luis Obispo
A C Barker, Salinas J A Barr. Stockton
W H Wocd. .lose Mrs Evans, Oakland
Miss Ei:» Titus. Oakland Miss N Backus, Oakland
M Levy, Lower Lake Miss A Levy.Lower Lake
Miss R levy, Lowr Lake T C Garrie. sonora
A J Cohn, Tillamook F S Bosworth, Portland
J P O'Brien, w & eh, Or H Wallace, Stockton
C A Btarke, Sta Barbara H C Magne, Ariz
R W Bosworth, Highland Mrs Steenbergh.Brentwd
M Redmond, C*l Mrs H Phillips. San Jose
W H Rogers, New York E W Allen, San Jose
G R Freeman. Riverside J L Asay <si wf, San Jose
E O Pieper, San Jose T R Nusted, San Jose
O J Woodward <fc fm.Cal C H Johnson, (. al
A Caminetti, Jackson C P Young, New York
J L Jepson, New York RL O Gilvie <fc wf. H I
C J Powell «fc fm, Stcktn G Nuunemaker, Visalia
J G Roberts, Madera is E de Yoe, Modesto
J T Burch, Tulare W B Caruthers <fe wf, Cal
W W Head, Chico G E Thurmond, Santa B
W X Hammond, New V G MHughes, Nevada City
Mrs R Hughes, Nev City W A Gett, Sacramento
W O Watson, Santa Clara S B Kenfield.Greenwood
J E Lombard, Portland
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Linscott.Santa Cruz F X Harris, Ashland, Or
R T fetolln, Sacramento W Murray, Sacramento
W X Reed, Auburn M s Kribs, Washington
C M Foster, Cal Dr C F Chambers, Niles
J M Pettigrew, Lark spur MlssMcMorry, Sacto
M A Jackson, Los Gatos W T McFee, Los Angeles
G L Foster, CoFusa R A Hasktn, Coiusa
Mrs Hopkins, San Jose A G Nupy, Los Angeles
T A Baker, Sacramento R Norton, Ensenada
A M Games, Benicia Mrs W A Kimbali, Pasa
S Klmball, Pasadena R H Kimbali, Pasadena
Dr M S Charles, Suisun F M Allen, Boston
G A Moody, NY C E Harrison, Sac
Elizabeth Wilson, S Jose Alice W Filker, S Jose
W R Lan oreux &w,lowa 1 Parsons. Fresno
S F Constan tine, Phoenix W D Crabbe, Gilroy
Mrs W J Loring, Angels Miss Eberhart Angels
J L Fisher, Prescott F F Ferguson, Prescott
C H Schively, Oroville G M Taylor, Vancouver
Mrs T Hay, Canada Miss Hay. Canada
Mrs Brady, Vallejo C W Tryou, Angels
F B Dunker.Los Angeles E Graham Chico
J F Parks, Jackson Miss May Parks.Jackson
Mrs C Llnder, San Jose J H Duncan, Minn
Bart Burke, Santa Cruz A M McCoy, Red Bluff
Al Griffin, Fresno E Gailo. Merced
R W Reed <fc fy, Decatur J W Browning, G Island
J H Jacobs, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Hearst, Pleasanton C R Ambuhl, Boston
J W Donouoe& w,Chicag W H Lapbam <fe w. Mich
Miss M E Laphani. Mich T B Bflcky <fc w.CareonCy
J M Siover&w. Pittsburg W H Rosington, Topeka
C Weir, Los Angeles B Mart, N V
A A Cooper Jr. uubuque Miss X Cooper, Dubuque
Miss M Waller, Dubuque T Weber, N V
Dr Wm Pepper, N V Mrs Wm Pepper, N V
Wm Pepper, NY B F Pepper, N V
H P Pepper, NY C A ±oud <fe w.SanKafael
J J Brice, OakvilJe Mrs H PA nthony, Boston
A Afacoudray, Portland .Major H A Bartlett, D C
Miss Bartlett, D C Mrs E M Miller, lowa
W R McFadden, Cal Mrs W E Griliin, Nev
J M bickinson <fcw,Tenn J T Boag. Yokohama
SM Gre.-n, MilwaiiKe* G H Hills Pa
H H Irvine, St Paul Mrs P Severance, Boston
Miss severance. Boston Master severance, Boston
A Meyer, sau^alito J B Wallace, Pa
W CamDbell &w, Conn C P Dodgp, « V
M Goldsmith, N C W T Bishop Jr, Los Ang
L Winter, Los Angeles G H Sullivan. N V
Mrs C R Anthony .Boston
RUSS HOUSE.
J H Garner. Hol'ister G A Richa r ds, Greyson
F. Meaa and wf, Nev B P Collins, Arizona
B W liequa, sisson C Camp, ■acraiui'iuo
M MS Forrest, LAnjieles Mrs G Green, L Angeles
Mrs M King, Bakersfield A Sterns, Placer Co
J McNeal, -Modesto G H Rhodes & w, Lkiah
J H Smith, Merced S Crandall, -acramento
A M O'Brien, San Jos« L Dean, Reno
J Sullivan <fe w, Vallejo J Ford. Oakland
S J Allen Santa Rosa T S Perkins, Santa Rosa
C S Perkins, Santa Hosa A Browning, Stockton
A H Hume, Stockton R Nathan. Sunol
F Nugent, Antioch, M M Harris, Nev
C Saunder, H S San Bias E J Olsen, Cal
C T Colombet, Cal S R Young. Pac Grove
B Tooker <fc dgt, Oakland W S Moore, Eealdsburg
Mrs Moore, Healdsburg F F Bergin. Weaverville
J M Dorely <S wf, N V B J Treat, Fresno
G V Goshem, Carson E S Harrison. Ariz
H H Fine, Stockton C X Scott, Portland
D E Miller, Vina J L Smith, St. Louis
P W Smith, Auburn M W Conklin, L Angeles
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E L Shadbolt, Petaluma C E Hanke, N V
T Claussen. Sausaltto G L Miller, N V
J Jackson, Oakland C DemDsey, Pittsburg
J W Lancaster, Cal J W de Back & s.WalGrv
G E Waters, Pittsburg R C Yarbrough, j.a
W Gottlieb, Pittsburg j Allen, Globe
G A Jantz, Chicago F Bailey, Santa Rosa
C H Miner, Sunol J E Campbell, San Jose
E P Keeley. NY R B Collins, Denver
I Jacobs Angels Camp W F Elliott, Chico
H E Casey. Boston C Brownson, Santa Cruz
T Mofffttt, Pa V Duraud, Turk .viill
J Duncan, Whatcom W H Duncan, Whatcom
J Howard, 8t Paul A Vincent, St Paul
J Cartw right, Nev C Armitage.Winnemucca
W Angell, Freestone H Watson * w. Sonoma
J E I'uett, Sonoma C Dawson, Mathewsville
J H Moss, San Diego H S Lunt, N V
Mrs License, Portland J Jennett, Portland
W Tilton <fc mthr, L Ang W F Elliott. Chico
F W Tlnsman, Chicago T M Davis, Tomales
F Martin & w, Antioch
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Miss J W Rag.idale, Cal O C Schulze, Dixon
H E Sands & w, Astoria C F Kuen, Kalamazoo
F J N Manning &w, Or G W Irwin, Or
S W Martin, Chicago E Ezekiel, 1 hicago
Z T George, Los Angeles H Raymond, Sacto
Dr F W Bliss <fe w, S Cruz C H Montague, N V
G M Holton. Los Angeles Dr W A Moore, Benlcia
Mrs Rodgers, Oakland
Tbe men and -women of the Cree tribe of
Indians dress alike, and can be distin
guished only by the ornamentation of
their leggings, that of the men being ver
tical, and that of the women horizontal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
KTKAMKK I itKBTIXATIOV. | SAtr,«. | PIKR.
Arcata......
Weeott...;. !
Australia....
▲Blancharu
Corona
P0m0na.....
Columbia...
araiion...
Enralca ....
Anuro. ......
Walla Walla
San Bias ....
8e181c.....:.
Truclcee ....
Santa Rosa.
State of Cal.
■t Paul.
Han0i........
Oregon ports..
Eel Kiver
H0n01u1u......
Oregon ports..
Han Diego.....
tlamboldtßar
Portland ......
\ Mill Bay..
N«woors '....;.■
1001 b*t......
Vie <£ Pitt Bna
Panama. ......
China & Japan
Coos 8ay....:.
Ban Diego..';;;
Portland..;....
Newport ■„.;..
Orays Harbor.
vug 4,10 am I Pier 24
Auk 4. v era Pier lit .
Auk 4.10 am Oceania
Auk 5. bru ' Pier 13
Aug 5.11 am Pier U
Aug '5. vrr«iPieri»
AUg ij.lUaii! Pier 2*
Aag U. Dam Pier 2' ;
An? 7. Bin ' Pier II
Aug 7.llUir|Her 13 :
Aug 7. ft ay • Pier 9 '
An? 8.12 m P.M S3
Aug 8, Bpm P M SS
Aug 8, 6pm i Pier 8
Aug 9 Ham! Pier 11 1
Aug 11.10 am! Pier 24 |
Aue 11. 9am Pier 11
Ann 11. 4pm Pier 2 1 1
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stkamk*
!■ X M
I Ur,
arallon ......
Pomona.
Del N0ne.......
KureKa ....._..
Arago .'.........■.
("itv or Everett
(tan Bentto
Crate* nl. Cur. ..
1r0ctee. ........
fitnia 1:01 a. ....
Alcatraz..
rmattlla ......
State of Ca1.....
BtPani.;T.™'.~r
Peru
Minol ..........
Empire..........
W«eott. :..
C0r0na..........
Colnmnla. .......
Yanuina toav ...... ]..Aug . 4
Humboia: isar. - ..An? 4
Grays Har00r. ..:.......; ..Auk 5
Newport ...... ..;.;...; ..Aug 5
Coos Bar .......... Aug 5
Nanaimo Aust ; 5
Tacoma. ........;.... ..Aug 5
Oreacanc Wty»...... .... I..Aui; 5
Coos 8ay...... Auk 8
Kan £>io*q.. ;....; .;..-. ... .; Aug 4.7 !
Vaqnina 8ay...... .;..-;. All 3 3 "J
Victoria & Puce; bound 1 . . Au™ S
ronland..".: .. ... ..Augj'K
Newport. ...:....„ ..An? \ 9
China and Japan....... Aug 9
Urays ±iar00c... „....; Aug 9
P0rt1ana... ...'..........; ..Aug ■ 9
*>i Ktver..;. ....■.......; ..Auk ' 9
San Uleco.. ...... ...... ..Aug 11
Portlana..-'.:.;..'....-.:... . ,»ue!3
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. p. Coast AXt> gkodktic Survey Tto«V
BtTM-KTIN 1 POBIJSHKD BY OFFICIAL V >
AtITHORITY OF THX SUPXBrNTKXDICXT. >
Tuesduv, August 4.
Bun rises 6.15|M00q me*. o.loam
Run sen 7.16|A100q som
Augiißt— lB96.
% I!E£ Feet
»|L W
Tlme |g««t Timely,
H W I L W|
T^ I Feet
H-W ■ .
a i 0.2-i a. 2 7.47: a.3 10.J4 V.9 b.2t>; 5.4
3 l.a* 0.8 9. JO 3.1.1 11.2s 3.6 tt.ls 5.5
4 2.17 0.3 10.03 S.H 12.41 8.6 7.13 5.7
5 3.03 -0.2 10.44 4.0 1.56 rf.6 8.09 6.9
6 H. 45 -0.5 11.17 4.4 3.00! 3.6 9.01 b.l
7 4.26 —0.8 11-45 4.5 3.061 3.6 9.57 6.2
h 5.051-0.9 12.16 4.8 4.47 0.0 10.55 6.2
■ A otx— Iv th<» above exposition of the : tides •- tha
early v morning ■ tides are given in the , left . hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tbe
order of occurrence a« .< to time. s The « second 1 tlma
column gives the second tide of I the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or | right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when - there ■ are but ; three ' tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given . are : additions : to ; the
soundings '■ on , the * United t States Coast - Surrey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh', and then the number given Is subtract!**
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch HYrmooKAPHi'? Omens, U. 4 jj
Merchants' Exchange. "* 1
. . San Fbancisco. August 3. i»jg« 1
• The < time ' ball on Telegraph ,-Hlli wai aronnni
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon 01 th« i •!).„
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich tim»
. -. ■ '. • : ; -. - >A. F. Fkchtklbe.
■' •' l.lftitf nan; U. S. N. in <.■ li:trg»
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
. Arrived.
' i b MONDAY. XuKUat 3.
' stmr Profrreso, Storrs, — hours from Spattia
-2«>o tons coat, to P B Cornwall. •
Stmr -Walla Walla, Wallace, 641/4 nours from
Victoria and PwKet Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins it Co. .
Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg: lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 49 hours from
Sun Diego, bound to Coos Bay; put in to land pas
sengers.
Br ship Lathom. Campbell, 174 days from Swan
sea: 3211 tons coal, 485 tons anthracite cibbles,
1021 tons cose, to Baltour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship .lordanhill, Taylor. 19:'> days from Liver
pool; md3e. to J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Hktn .lane A Falkinburg, Lindholm, — days frm
Sand Point: codfish, to Lvnde it Hough. Califor
nia City direct.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson. 22 hour* from Devil
bias Lanrlms: 11 eds bars, to .1 s Kluiball.
Schr , LillfDonne, liansen, 6 days from Colum
bia River: iatab~r. 10 Union Lumber Co.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 24 hours trom liurn
bol'tt; lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Schr Orient, Mitchell. 6 days from Coos
Bay : 290 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 38 hours from Co
qullle River: 60 tons coal and SO M ft lumber, to
JSKlmball.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fish Rock; 100 eds bark, to Hey man <fe Mayer.
Schr Chetco, Johnson, 8 hours from Pigeon
Point, in tow of tug Alert; cargo from wrecked
stmr Colombia.
Cleared.
MONDAY. August 3.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, Portland; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Sydney; J j
Moore & Co.
Stall c'!.
MONDAY. Augu«B.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
- Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr St Paul. Downing. San Pedro.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr W S Phelps, Mercer. . •
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Sydney.
■Tetejrraphlo. '
POINT LOBOS. Aueust 3-10 p. it- Weather
hazy . wind NW: velocity. 20 tunas. .
] : < Cluirtcr.n.
The schr J D Tallant loads lumber at' Port Gam
ble for Honolulu.
The Br stmr strathsarr ■ was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 30s.
'pn ■««•••.
July 9— 534 W. Br ship Manchester, from
Antwerp, for San Francisco.
May 28—56 S 60 W, Dan bark Clara, from Santa
Rosalia for Channel.
Juiv 27— 33 N 135 \V, Br ship Carraaate, from
San Diego for San Francisco.
l)ome«Mo Port*.
' TJSAL— Arrived Aug 3-3tmr Protection, hence
Auk 1.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Ang 2— Schr C A
Thayer, hence July 31.
LANDING— "ailed Aug 3— Schr
Ocean Spray, for sen Francisco.
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 3-Schr Eva,
hence July 18.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 3— Schr John
F Miller, hence July 18.
. EUREKA— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Farallon, from
Yaquina Bay. ./;,•.
Sailed— stmrs Farallon and Excelsior, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Ajg 3-Schr
Reporter, from Everett.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Pioneer, fm
Portland.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Aug 8-Stmr Alca
traz, hence July 31.
Sailed— .stmr Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco. :■'
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug I— Schr Ex
celsior, from Port Blakeley.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 3— Schr
Monterey, hence Aug 1.
Sailed— strnr Pomona, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In Auk 3— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence July 21 for Tacoma. ■' •
ASTORlA— Arrived Aim >3— -jdr Ivy, hence
July 18; stmr State of California, hence July 1.
Sailed— Bark Sonoma, for Vlodlvostock.
Foreign Port*. •■ '
: SYDNEY— SaiIed July 21— Br bark Invermark,
for San Francisco. ••---■ - •
KOBE— SaI lea Aug 3— Br stmr Annandale, for
Puget Sound.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed July 31— Br ship Al
clnous.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug I— Brstmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 1— ship Marion
Light bod v, from Portland.
-. GRlMSBY— Arrived Aug I— Brshfp Monk barn 3,
hence Apr 10. • - • ;
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Aug 3— Stmr Anch.ona,
from Glasgow and Moville: stmr State of Califor
nia, from Glasgow and Movllle; stmr Saale, from
Bremen and Southampton.
BUEMERHAVKN— Arrived out Aug 3-Stmrs
Weimar and Aller.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Aug 3— Stmr Kaiser
Wlihelm 11.
Importation*. .
' SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— l 26 pkgs mdse, 111
cs mm water, 2 pkgs china, 8 crts Eastings. 4 c.i
olive oil, 697 bxs lemons. 7 cs tobacco, 6 bxs tan
gerines. 12 bxs oranges, 12 bxs limes, 2 bxs grape
fruit. 25 hf bbls pickled fish, 28 sks raisins, 4 ska
beeswax. 8 bxs plates. ■ ---,-,'
Newport— ll47 sks corn, 67 bxs oranges,' . 3 bxs
bulbs.
.- Los Angeles via Reaondo— 60 pkgs mdse, 50 tcs
lOcslara. 16 tcs taiiow,. 18 bxs hams, 16 pkgs
leather, 6 bxs hardware.
Redondo-867 sks corn, 27 bxs garden seed, 4 cs
mdse, les 36 puncheons wine, 1 cs honey, -4 bxs
raisins, 4 cs fruit. 10 oxs oranges.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— B pkgs mdse,
2cs seed, 2cs cigars. . '.- - . .
Port Los Angeles— 9 bxs lemons, 227 cs honey, 1
cs mdse, 3 cs seed, 48 puncheons wlno.
Santa Barbara— 3cs paint, 1 c* stationery, Irs
cigars, 112 bxs lemons. 10 bxs oranges, 8 bbls mm
water. 4* sks crawfish. 10 pkgs mdse.
Port Harford— 2B pkgs mdse, 63 bdls green hides.
1 bdl dry pelts, 1 brtl dry hides, 33 bxx butter, IS
cs cheese,. 23 as eggs, Ics | cigars, 2 bbls olives. 1
bx nuts. 1 cs nuts. 1 cs wine. 122 bxs pears. lis c
goods. 18 bxs apples. 10 coops chickens. B cs noney,
17 dressed calves, 34 hxs fish. . -■ -
San Luis Obis jo— 44 sks wheat, 2476 sks barley.
N porno— l9o4 sks barley.
Santa Maria— 44B sks wheat, 410 sks oats, 631
sks barley.
Lus Alamos— lls4 sks barley.
POKTTOWNSEKO- Per Walla Walla-7 pkgs
curios. . • : '': - •.■• - ■
. Wrangel— l circular saw, 2 bis halrseal.
! Juneau— l bx bullion, Ibx hardware, 1 bx salt
fur seal. . ■■■■'«"•
Douglas Island— l bx bullion.
Victoria— 26 bdls hides, etc, 2 pkgs mdse, Isk
coin, 1 pkg express. '
- Seattle via Great Northern— 2 pkgs horns, Ibx
Clothing. : ■ ,
Seattle— l car 59 - bxs ilsb, 11 sks pork, 27 p'<ks
Junk, 18 cs I wine. 48 Ics meat, 7 c.i b.i'-on, 18 sks
wood plugs, 2cs canned fruit, 6 bbls bottles. 1 lot
tobacco, 2 Dkgs ' Japanese gds. ' 854 sks oats, 9 cs
syrup, 1 bbl blue.ton*-, 5 cs sum, ii pkgs muse, 2
sks coin, 1 cs hats. 5 bxs tel material.
China via Vancouver— 6 pkKS tea.
. Vancouver— sl bdls hides aud pelts. ' ."•"»--. :
Vancouver via C P X R— 4oo a loud milk. 1 cs
S findings, 1 roll ; leather, 1 crt hardware, 50 bbls
glucose, 3 bxs zinc. 1 roll paper, 181 w ga:es, 7 1 C
tongs, 15 cs dry goods, 4 bx3 soap, 2 cs in k good«,
3cs k underwear, 1 cs co: tons, 1 cs names, 61 cs
tobacco, 119 cs boots and shoes, 2 i s traps.
Roc c Harbor— 23oo bbls lime. '• •
New Whatcom— 3l bils hides, 2 hf-bbls pickle*,
1 pkg express. . - • ■ - •
• Everett— a7- kegs nails, 1 pkg mdse, 1 400 bars
bullion, 295 rolls 1400 bdls paper.
■ Tacoma east, of Fargo— l ca dry goods, 1 bx but
ter. 4 pkgs paper. ,
Tacoma west of Fargo— l9 pkgs hardware, 107 J
sk3 wheat, 1356 sks shorts, 180 qr sks 1695 hf sks
flour. lUtji'iyi l ovii^.i ' » l
• Tacoma— l htsk coffee. 12 bdls paper. 3cs fur
niture, 8 cs groceries, 7 pkgs mdse, 1 bx glass.
Cflmiirn m*.
• Per Corona— Wetmore Bros; L Scatona & Co: C
F Klrly -.Hllmer.Bredhoff it schulz; San t rancisco
Brewery; Chemical Works: Dalton Bros;
A Galll Krui»Co: Levi Spiegel *Co: southern 1 al
Fruit CO : Wolf Son; Eveleth 4 Nash ; .Pap A lll m
and Chemical Works: Gray Barblen; Hills Bros:
WF Mitchell; Gould <fe J aud (n: »H a , n k*c ° :
Sunset Seed and Plant Co; E J Bowen * Co; John
son-Locke Mer Co; Miller, Sloss o: ,v, 1 , *,"*
&Co: Newmark & Edwards: Lievre, tricke <fe C o .
Levi Strauss & Co; Smith'sCaih St o re A : c^ ir ° r "' a
W:ne Assn; Norton Tanning Co : Di. A ll son & Co .
ssan Francisco Auto ■ Register Co: i alifornia and
Japan Trading Co: Cutting Packing Co: J£oanr.
Dunham. Carrlean &Co: J Iva " covlc ?.,f h L ca. r»
Woods: A Palodlnl: American Omon tishCo Pac
oast Fish Co: H Emtard; J P Thomas: J J »i ff>
& Co: Slnshelmer Bros; Brigham. Uoppe & Co. L
Jui & Co; W C Price 4 Co: L 0 stone A Co. Peo
ple's Kxpress: H Kircnmann &Co BO »mi*
Co; Wheaton.BrtonACo: G ion 14 to A
Levy it Co: f MUani & Co: Jk D , alrym t Freltw & Co-
Milling Co: De Bernard! * Co; SIT *•«"»» * Co.
Norton. Teller & Co: Jonas Krlang«l^ftOo: *' * ko Y •
J w Gale & Co; fbh.u^iu. Jones &J Co: Armotor
Co: Goldberg. Bowen A Co; Dodtte. Sweeney A Co.
Enterprise Brewery: WlUel A Baker; Harrison &
Ma-.ptn: C X Whitney A Co: L G sresovich Co:
C Pamir &Co: Western Meat Co: :, Lacbman; The
Harry Uiina Co-. Chalx & B-rnard: standard Bis
cuit Co: Marshall & Co: J McCarthy :Wm Mackle:
Bancroft Bros A Co: s-.isma.i.W ormser A I or M F
Cabral: J M Spolfoid: Dolllver Bros: Hills Bros; *
A Bennett; G E Fiank; Naih A h e 93 H e "^J;fJ;.-{
A Moreland: Chas Rogers : Cox Seed and Plant Co.
Z M GUlett; Dan M Ritchie; Gustav Arp; W lllalm
C per Walla Walia-A Schilling Co; Apollo Con
MinlncCo: Frederlcksburß Brewery; (. y . oak-
Co:.Selby Smelting and Lead Co; J f illey . OM
land Iron Works: Wellman. Peck &U: H . W i±us
gins & Co; Thos Watson: Geo Morrow A Co. Joan
O Smith: Stetson-ReunerDrayaceCo: Lac »n -
Jacob!: Dunham. Uarripan A Co C J .^ c " c &Co .
Martin; Cutting PackingCo: Russ, f» nd «™^,g° r
Tillmann A Bendel : Wells. Fargo &Co *££* c
it Co; S H Frank A Co: Biake Mom ' * T ° n G1 ' ODe .
W RFord: SwlSsCoony: U Q K . u """„ Hecht <fc
Mccabeio; Crnn. & < •«: « v " !n n g . h^ f?; I* 1
Co; Oregon Imp Co: Murphy, ( ' r »" l ,':^ O p "c J oa9t
Baluster A Co: Cahn, >i^ (>! - SDur «^bacco Co; A
! J rr iP or'°W M nk an o l \'anfonrf l Tpa?a b rn° C L.iion
ironAV'orks: Sato-erTa^B^K-^Braan.,
lea; Ross & Hewlett; ,wo°'postal Te Co; J
G n»u n siri^^'HUebe.*Co: E
H O'Neill; Bank of California.
rorLou Shipping Intelligence Sec Eleventh rag*.GREAT OBJECT
LESSON OPENS,
Alameda's Manufactures
and Products Admired
by Thousands.
WHISTLES BLEW LOUDLY
President Nelson Welcomes the
Visitors in the Name of
the Directorate.
MANY NOVELTIES EXHIBITED
The Second Industrial County Exposi
tion Is Started Und?r Most
Favorable Circumstances.
Oakland Office Sas Fkaitcisoo Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 8. (
The second Industrial Exposition of
Alameda County was opened to the public
this morning, and was formally declared
open this evening.
Promptly at 10 o'clock this morning the
promised inharmony of steam whistles
rang out all over the length and breadth
of the city. Thomas Prather, the well
known banker, purchased the first ticket
•s the whistles were blowing, and there
was a good attendance during the day and
a big crowd at night.
Many novelties seemed to have sprung
into existence during the night, and
during the morning most of the exhibitors
were busy putting on the finishing touches.
To the visitors, the exposition is a reve
lation, and few people have any adequate
idea of the manufactories that are flourish
ing in this county. Alameda County was
bo long regarded as an adjunct to San
Francisco and as a beautiful place to pro
duce large carrots and fine grain that the
progress in the past ten years in the indus
trial line has not been even partially ex
ploited.
The exposition has removed this idea
and the tens of thousands of people who
will visit it during the next two weeks
and the many troops of school children
who have been invited will have far more
pride in their county when they have
reaped the full benefit of the complete ob
ject lesion of the tabernacle and grounds
President J. W. Nelson delivered an in
teresting speech at the opening exercises.
He said: "Nearly a year ago we made an
experiment and it was a success. Once
again the industrial progress in this city
has been set in motion by the opening of
the expo? ition. What you see here is the
result of intelligent co-operation on the
part of the ladies, the daily press, and
many other good people. All who nave
participated in or contributed toward
making this exposition what it is have
done so for the public good. As a citizen
of Oakland, 1 experience to-night a par
donable feeling of pride in presiding at
the opening of this splendid display of the
efforts of Oakland and Alameda County in
the industrial field.
"I have had, as you know, some ac
quaintance with the industries of our city
and county, but I confess that I am sur
prised at the number, the variety and the
excellence of the display made under this
roof, and which plainly demonstrates that
the majority of our own people know very
little ot what is going on in our midst or
of the extent and importance of our home
industries. And it is with this very ob
ject in view that the promoters of this ex
position have labored so industriously.
They wish to give the people of Alanieda
County information, as it were, as to what
our home manufacturers and producers
are doing; to let them know of the work
going on, and so bring it into review that
it may De known by everybody at home
as well as to attract the attention of people
abroad.
"No city in the State has greater ad
vantages for manufacturing than Oakland.
Let each of use our best endeavors to gain
more of these industrial enterprises for
Oakland, to tlie end that our growing
boys and girls may find employment and
that even a greater degree of prosperity
may bless our city. May this second in
dustrial exposition be productive of a
great deal of good to ourselves and to our
State, and may the time soon come when
we shall have one grand industrial exhibi
tion of manufactures and products of the
State of California under one roof ana
supported by State aid."
Mayor Davie was the next speaker. He
said:
. "As Mayor of Oakland I welcome you
here to-night. There can be none of you
/ more surprised than 1 to witness the pro
portions of this great fair. An awaken
ing of this sort is all that we need to give
Oakland a population greater than that of
Ban Francisco in thirty years. Patronize
your own industries and awaken your
civic pride. 1 hope also to live to see the
day when we shall have a permanent ex
hibition resembling what we have here to
night, but in a building which shall cover
an entire block and which shall be filled
with the products of our city and county."
' Senator Perkins also made a short
speech and impressed upon the audience
the necessity of patronizing home indus
tries. •
■ "Last year," he said, "California pro
duced $14,000,000 in gold, and our other
great interests, such as wheat and lumber,
are correspondingly, important. These
being the facts, it is unfortunate that
Eastern-made goods are dumped upon us
to the vast extent that they are. It is
possible that the convicts of San Quentin
are sleeping to-night under Eastern con
vict-made blankets. We Californians
ought to be opposed to convict labor and
convict-made goods of any sort."
• Julius Bonn tag of San Francisco made a
stirring speech in favor of California prod
ucts and industries, and gave some figures
that astonished his listeners.
There was an enormous orowd in the
various buildings, and the exposition will
undoubtedly be a marked success in every
way.
' The programme of concerts by the Oak
land Exposition Band, Alex T. Stewart
director, for Tuesday, August 4, is as fol
lows:
AFTHtNOON AT 2 O'CLOCK— PABT J.
March. "First Brigade" . ..Weldon
Overture, 'Hunt In the Ardennes" ;.... Marie
Selection, "Isle Of Champagne"..... ...... Furst.
Duo for comets, "I Would That My Love". .. -
Mendelssohn
Gavotte,' •'True Love" ......... L* Thiere
; . ■ PABT 11.
Keciative and aria, "Bohemian G1rt"........8a1fe !
"Spanish Fandango"...... Bachmann
Waltz, -Toris" ......MaywooU
>.edley, "Pete" • Braham
March, "King Cotton" fcousu
JCVKSCIICG AT 8 O'CXOCK-PABT I.
March, 'Handicap" "".'.'. ..Bosey
Overture, "Barber of 5evi11e". :...... .......R055ini
Selection, "The Army Chaplain".. Mlllocker i
Bolero for clarionet solo .tanner
"Patrol ComSqae"...... .....'........ Hlndley
PART 11.
"Presidential Polonaise" ..Sous*
Cornet «010, "Magnolia serenade" M issud
Wall*. "Dream on the Oceau" Uungl
Medley, -Last of the Hojans" nraham
March, "Orltania" YouDfllng
Pioneer* Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— The funeral
of Andrew Jackson McKee, a pioneer of
CHlifornia.was neid from his former home
os Myrtle street this afternoon. He was
a native of Pennsylvania, 72 yearb of age,
and came to this State in '49. " He leaves &
widow and four childrnn, Alfred C, who
is la New Jersey; Mrs. Ruth Hellman,
who is in Germany ; Miss Jessie Mac Mc-
Kee and Lyle McKee of this city. The
cause of his death was heart lailure.
AN OLIVE BRANCH.
It Is Offered by Chairman Mautalen,
but Mistrusted by Hilborn'*
Friends.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— Charles Mau
talen of the Republican County Central
Committee sent a communication to the
committee of the "Friend" Congressional
committee to-<!ay stating that the Con
gressional committee does not understand
the desire of the County Committee in re
gard to the coming primary.
As a member of the County Committee
from the Sixth Ward, Mr. Mautalen says
he would like the Congressional commit
tee to send him a list of names of men
qaalified to act on the election boards and
he would give them half of the repre
sentation. The friends of Hilborn declare
to-nignt that tnis fiction on the part of
Mautalen is for the purpose of offsetting
the protest of the "Friend" committee,
which will be heard Dy the State Central
Committee to-morrow afternoon in San
Francisco. Conferences have been held
on both sides to-night and the feeling is
very bitter.
The last State Republican Convention
stated that hereafter all delegates must be
elected at primaries, and on this uround
they will seek to have the four dele?ates
at-large elected by the County Committee
and all of whom are favorable to Frick,
set aside and have them elected generally
at every polling-place in the county.
. •— ♦ — •— ■
SAULPAUGH AT WORK.
Reinstated aa Engineer toy the South
ern Pacific Company After
Two Ye»r«.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— James A.
Saulpaugh, the old and well-known engi
neer who refused to take the train from
Sacramento during the strike in July,
1894, which was to break the two weeks'
successful blockade of traffic by the A. R.
U. men. has been reinstated by the South
ern Pacific Company. He has been given
an engine out of Sacramento.
The train was heavily guarded by
militia, and Saulpaugh said he would not
take his life In his hands by pulling it to
Oakland and quietly left the cab. His son
was firing the engine, and he too left. The
company called bam Clarke and he took
the train out. It was ditched just before
reaching Davis and two soldiers and
Clarke instantly killed.
The railroad discharged Saulpaugh at
the time, and he went to work on the
Laundry Farm road, where he has been
until a week ago. He is acknowledged to
be onn of the Dest engineers on the coast.
He ran for County Tax Collector at tne last
election, being defeated by James Barber,
the Republican incumbent.
THREATEN A FAMINE,
Dairymen Dissatisfi?d With the
Terms of the Milk Or
dinance.
A Doctor Gives an Opinion That is
Very Unfavorab'e to the
Proposed Test.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
908 Broadway. Aug. 3. f
The City Council raet to-night to con
sider the milk ordinance. Contrary to the
expectation of the lobby the measure was
referred to tne Ordinance and Judiciary
Committee. There were about a score of
dairymen present and outside the council
chamber City Veterinary Pierce had a
very lively time with them. They are
very much opposed to the ordinance in its
present shape and are of the opinion that
the test by tuberculine is not as reliable as
it should Lie.
The dairymen base their attitude partly
on the remarks of Dr. Seifridge, who ex
amined some of the microbes taken from
i)r. Wheeler's cow which was killed as a
test last w*ek. Dr. Seifridge aaid at that
time: "1 examined a specimen taken
from the retro-pharyngeal gland of Dr.
Wneeler't cow, and X found marked de
velopments of tuberculosis. I i:ardly
think, however, that the tuberculine test
is a sufficient warrant for the killing of
poor people's cows by public officers. I
am not convinced that the tuber
culine does not provide the cows
that are killed with the tubercu
losis that is afterward found in
their iungs or milk. To prove that this is
not so every cow suspected should have its
milk examined under the microscope be
fore the tnberculine is piven it and alSo
afterward. Under these circumstances if
no bacilli are found in the first instance
and some fonnd in the second the tuber
culine and not the cow is at fault. The
disease is one imperiling the lives of the
community, but the poor man must not
have his family support taken away with-
tuberculosis. Wtien
that is found, however, the cow should be
killed at once."
The report was circulated to-day that
the milkmen had entered into a combine
to defeat the final passage of the ordi
nance by creating a milk famine and
turning their product into cheese and
butter.
"This ordinance is altogether too arbi
trary," said a large dairy owner to-night,
"and the tuberculine test is not reliable
enough to risk the whole I.erd of a man
who hcs invested all his capital in his
business. If it b» necessary we will go out
out of <ihe milK business and let the in
spector carry on his experiments as he
pleases. Pierce is a man of very limited
experience, and while no one wants to own
a diseased cow we do not want a cow to be
diseased by tuberculine and then killed,
which would have been all right if left
alone."
ALAMEDA SUFFRAGISTS.
An Interesting Meeting of tlie Political
Equality Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 3-The Politi
cal Equality Club met this evening in the
parlors of Mrs. E. A. Smith, 1725 Alameda
avenue, for the third of a series of educa
tional meetings that are being conducted
in the interests of the passage of the
eleventh amendment.
Rev. H. V. Morgan hold that the ballot
was woman's right, not as a question of
sentiment but of justice.
"Being more than a man, she is at least
entitled to all the political rights a man
enjoys," he said. "When I cast around
for a wife I looked for a woman that had a
mind of her own. The suffrage move
ment is opposed by scheming professional
politicians who live on voters of to-day as
cattle live on grass. If women are granted
the franchise they will never be bought,
and we shall have better laws for the safe
upbringing of our sons and daughters. I
consider the suffrage question the most
important one before the electors during
the corning campaign."
,C. Cubery was called upon for a speech
and made a few brief remarks, the purport
of which was that as men had got the po
litical affairs of the country into such a
complex tangle the women should be al
lowed to get in and help straighten the
tangle out.
M iss Morgan of San Francisco also spoke.
DIKD.
McMaKKIS- In Fruitvale. Cal., August 8. lg»8,
Sophie, beloved mother of Thomas J. McMannis
aiu Adolph I<or-ibach, a native of Germany,
aged 55 years and 4 months.
4QJ- .Notice of funeral hereafter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
SELLS HEIRLOOMS
FOR DAILY BREAD
Tragic and Eventful Life
History of a Baronet's
Daughter.
TOLD TO SUPERVISORS,
Oakland's Wealthy Society
Ladies Were Among Her
Best Customers.
GIVEN A GROCERY ORDER.
Exhibited a Masonic Document That Is
More Than a Hundred
Years O.d.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 3. j
A little woman bearing the undisguised
stamp of the British aristocracy was given
ftn order for groceries at the usual gather-
Mrs. Margaret Booth, an Indigent Who Says SV>e Would Be in Comfortable
Circumstances but for Her Daughter's Inkindness.
ing of indigents at the Supervisors' meet-
In k to-day. She carried in a little tin case
some documents, one of which is more
than a century old, and which clearly
establish her descent from one of the
noblest of the Scottish familifls of the last
century.
No creator of fiction dare promulgate a
story so tragic, so romantic or so pathetic
as that told by Mis. Margaret Booth, who
resides on Eighth street. For many years
this little, aged widow has been living on
the proceeds from the sale of her heir
looms. One by one hsr valued relics have
gone for bread and butter and among the
social set she is well known. Mrs. A. M.
Mcßean and Mrs. Charles Webb Howard
have made purchases of relics and curios
from her, but now everything is gone but
an ancient punchbowl and some dear
memories. The bowl is too precious to
part with except under the Btressofdire
necessity, and the memories of the past
yield no physical support, so the un
happy woman, just 70 years of age, was
forced to resort to the last extremity and
seek aid of the county.
Very unique and sacred with age is the
clearance certificate issued, to her grand
father, John Ross, on April 3, 1796, by St.
Mungo's Lodge of Masonry, at Glasgow,
Scotland. The document is sealed over a
ribbon that was bine 100 years ago, but
which is now almost yellow. All the
The Old Punchbowl With Masonic Tm
blems Tn'at lias Been, in the Pos
session of the Montgomery
ramily Since 1772.
ornamental work, and there is a great deal
of it, on the parchment was done by hand
and the coloring is well preserved. It
recommends John Ross to the good will
of Masons all around the globe and is
signed by G. R. B. Niven, R. W. M.
Mrs. Booth's father was Sir James Mont
gomery, who was a member of the Grand
Lodge of Ireland. He was given a certifi
cate by that lodge on April 6, 1812. Unlike
that of his father, his parchment is a steel
engraving and is printed in English and
Latin.
The ancient bowl wns the property of
Baron Ro?s and came into the possession
of the family in Scotland in 1772 and has
been the wedding present to successive
brides ever since. The bowl is ornamented
with M sonic characters.
But for the interference of a daughter,
now dead, the circumstances of Mrs.
Booth might have been much more pleas
ant. Many years ago she was about to
wed a second husband. He departed on a
long trip on the return of which he was to
have been married. Her doughter did not
approve of the mntcli and according to
her mother's story she intercepted the
letters that came from him and kept them
from her. Not for years afterward did
Mrs. Booth discover how she had been
treated. She still looks forward to a re
union with her lost lover, but has no idea
of where lie has bean for many years.
Some tragic fate seems to have set its
mark on each of the unhappy woman's
four sotis. Her baby 18 months old was
poisoned by a prescription put up by a
doctor who was drunk. Her second boy
when a little fellow 10 years of age went
out on a small lake near their iionie in
Sierra County and was drowned. Another
son, when a youns: man, was stabbed to
death by an Italian, and the last while
employed as a clerk at the Oakland City
Hail died after a day's illness of pneu
monia.
While troubles were falling thick upon
her Mrs. Booth was frozen so badly that
one of her limbs had to be amputated.
The Woman's Exchange has been of
great help to her and several prominent
Masons have undertaken the task of see
ing if some of the property now in
chancery cannot be obtained! for her.
Ross Castle, Montgomery Castle and an
estate in Dundee are the property of the
Montgomery family, and it is believed
that when the facts are known the un
happy woman who now barely ekes out
an existence in two rooms will have no
need to beg an order for groceries from
the county^ ____««_««.
TWO FOUND GUILTY.
In wall and Gordon Convicted and An
drew Boot Surrendered by Hit
Bondsmen.
OAKLAND, Cm-., Aug. 3.— Harry Inwall,
who was cited to show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt of
court by Judge Greene in approaching M.
Lipka when on the term panel of jurors
that would have the gold-brick operators
to try, was found guilty and fined $100
and ordered to be imprisoned in the
County Jail for rive days.
The jury in the case of Charles Gordon,
charged with conspiracy in bunkoing
Stephen G. Little, the Dixon banker, out
of |17500 Dy the time-honored <l K0ld"-brick
scheme, returned a verdjet of guilty in
very short order this afternoon.
The bondsmen of Andrew Root, charged
with being Gordon's accomplice in the
swindle, surrendered him to the Sheriff as
soon as they heard of the verdict and he
is again confined within the County Jail.
His second trial is set for the latter part
of the month.
Acme Officer*.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 3.— The Acme
Athletic Club held its annual meeting to
night to nominate officers for the club
election, which will be Held on August 81.
The following nominations were made:
For president, J. J. Allen, T. F. Garrity;
vico-president, James Wnprht; secretary,
J. P. Cook; treasurer, Clay Hanbaker and
H. J. Snow; leader, Clarence Staples; field
captain, Henry T. Tank; cycling captain,
R. Revaulk; directors (fonr to be elected),
Harry Slooer, J. V. Bird, A. P. Swain, J.
W. Finnan, Al Bedbury, J. J. Gallagher,
C. B. Gould, T. S. Scan lan, H. R. French,
W. J. Bmith, George Humphrey.
Two Test Cases.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— The District
Attorney is preparinc two test cases that
will be of considerable interest to the tax
payers of the county and officials of other
counties in the State. One is that of the
People vs. Henry Evers, ex-Coroner, for
the purpose of recovering to the county
about $1400 alleged to have been errone
ously collected as fees. The other is a suit
to collect $191 from Assessor Dalton's
bondsmen, the amount of the personal
taxes of the Pacific Postal Telegraph-Cable
Company for the year 1895 which were al
lowed to become delinquent.
Not an Incompetent.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 3.— Judge Greene
to-day refused to appoint a guardian for
Mrs. Nellie E. Butler because she was not
an incompetent, although it was shown
that through age and overindulgence in
drink she was unable to even move about
without assistance. She is without home
or friends, and has only a $12 monthly
pension to sustain herself. This she has
repeatedly used in securing drink at the
expense of her bills. No one seems to
know what will become of her now.
Committed to Napa.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3. — Mrs. Mc-
Laren of 686 East Twenty-fourth street
was declared insane by Judge Greene to
day and committed \n Napa. The wit
nesses were her husband and (laughter.
They seemed to know very little about the
case. A week ago Mrs. McLaren shot her
self in a room and cut a great gash in her
throat. She has worried over the in
ability of her husband to secure work un
til her mind has given away.
Wasted Sympathy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.-Dr. E. C.
Love, a regularly graduated physician
well known in this city, is being greatly
annoyed by the prominence being given
one E. Jri. Love regarding domestic
troubles. He h as received numerous let
ters of sympathy from old friends, and is
undetermined whether they are joking or
in earnest. He is a single man and does
not at all enjoy the affair.
New Trial Granted.
OAKLAND, Oal., Aug. 3.— Judge Greene
has ruled that he erred in admitting cer
tain statements of Dr. Kobinson as evi
dence in the snit of Robert P. Jansen
against the Southern Pacific Company
wherein the plaintiff was awarded $10,000
damages by a jury. As a consequence' he
has granted the company a new trial.
Short of Cash.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— G. H. Kel
logg, the railroad watchman and former
detective of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has filed a petition to be declared an
insolvent. He owes $508, most of which is
for board and medical attendance. There
are no assets except wearing apparel in
use valued at $20.
He Was Jealous.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— Details have
been received of the attempted suicide of
Sidney Priedy, a former Oaklander, in
New YorK City July 25. He always ap
peared to be too much a man of tha world
to be jealous, but such was apparently the
real cause of his act.
Will Not B»duc«.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— The City
Council sat as a Board of Equalization to
night to hear the Contra Costa Water
Company's application for a reduced as
sessment. After a heated argument the
board decided not to reduce the Assessor's
figures and to tax the franchise at $100,000.
MANY CHANGES
IN SCHOOL LAWS,
Convention of County Offi
cials From All Over
the State.
MANY POINTS RAISED.
Several Amendments That Will
Be Submitted to the Next
Legislature.
FOR ANNUAL IXAMINATIONS.
The Dslejates Will Formally Attend
the Exposition This Alter
noon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 3. j
The County and City Superintendents
of Schools of the State of California met
in the High School building this morn
ing in their second biennial convention.
Many of them were present at the opening
of the session and almost all of the others
arrived before noon.
State Superintendent 8. T. Black and
Assistant State Superintendent W. W.
Seaman were present and assisted in the
work.
The County Superintendents and pro
fessors present were:
J. P. Garlics:, Oakland; Georga F. Mack,
lone; G. H. Stout, Oroville; Mrs. H. L. Wilson,
Colusa; David Leishman, C escentClty; T. E.
Mccarty, Placerville ; Thorn J. Kirk, Fresno ;
William M. Finch, Willows; J. B. Brown,
Eureka; 8. W. Austin, Lone Pine; Alfred Har
rell, Baker«field; J. W.Graham, Hanford; Mrs.
K. K. Harrington, Lakeport; Spurgeon V.
Rfley, Los Angeles; B. A. Hawkins, Madera;
Julie L. Jones, Manposa; O. W. Grove, Merced;
Anna I* Williams, Alturas;J. Wood Jr., Salinas;
Miss Kate Ames, Napa City; W. J. Roirers, Ne
vada City; J. P. Greeley, Santa Ana; P. w.
Smith, Auburn; Mrs. Katie L. Donnelley, La
l'orte; John Garner, Hollister; Maggie M.
Mogeau, San Bernardino; W. J. Bailey, San
Diego; M>BabCock, San Francisco; N. Messer,
San Luis Obispo; Ktta M. Tilton, Redwood
City; G. E. Thurmond, Santa Barbara; John
W. Linscott, Santa Cruz; C. 8. Bmltb, Yreka;
A. P. Sauborn, Fairfleld ; E. W. Davis, Santa
Rosa; J. S. McPh&ill, Visaiia; George L. Sack
ett, Ventura; Clara March, Woodland; James
A. Soott, Marysville; Mrs. Harriet A. Grover,
Markleeville; A.M. Phalin. Martinez; Otis M.
Doyle, Susanville; Robert Furlong, Sau Rafael:
A. M. Hays, Bridgeport; F. H. Turner. Saltley;
C. G. Kline, Yuba City; J. A. Wagener, Modesto.
Professor C.W. Childs, principal State Nor
mal Bchool, San Jose; Professor Edward T.
Pierce, principal State Normal School, Los
Angeles; Professor Robert F. Pennell, princi
pal State Normal School, Chieo; Professor
Martin Kellogg, president State University,
Berkeley; Professor Elmer E. Brown, professor
of pedagogy at State University, Berkeley;
City Superintendent Ellerwineof Sacramento,
Russell of San Jose, Keyes of Pasadena, Mc-
Clymonds of Oakland.
Superintendent Black called the meet
ing to older and said:
Fellow Teachers: In calling you to order
allow me to express my gratification at meet
ing so many of the school superintendents of
the State en this important occasion. As you
are aware I made arrangements with the Code
Commissioners to get your views on needed
school legislation and present the same to
them for consideration. With this end in
view I took (he liberty in January last of ap
pointing a committed of sixteen county and
city superintendent!, with Deputy Seaman a."
chairman. lam happy to say that this com
mittee has done some faithfui and intelligent
work, which will be presented to you to-day
for your consideration.
In recommending amendments to the school
law I cannot refrain from urging upon you the
necessity of a conservative spirit. The law has
suffered" much from frequent and trivial
amendments. When the law is well settled it
ought not to be disturbed except for good and
sufficient reasons. In my judgment the most
pressing necessity is the simplification of the
certification of teachers. As it is there are
some thirteen or fourteen different papers on
which teachers are allowed to teach" at the
present time.
He urged uniform requirements for all
grades of certificates; requested that it be
determined what grades of certificates
should be issued, and asked that some
action be taken regarding the recognition
of kindergartens. Referring to educational
diplomas he saia :
1 recommend for your serious consideration
the abolition of this document in the interest
of the teachers of the State. Owing to differ
ences in figuring out the time for fife
diplomas, I recommend that a certain number
of months be required, rather than years.
I ask your judgment on the advisability of
maintaining an official organ for the depart
ment of education.
Ttie hich-scbool law ought to receive your
careful attention, as it is still crude and Its
sections unharmoniouß.
The compulsory educational law needs
amending; the second section providing for
its publication should be stricken out.
There are mßny minor details, such as chang
ing the phraseology and a few dates, etc., that
will occur to you in your official capacities,
and about which I need not worry you.
I have called your attention to the points that
seem tome to be of more than passing im
portance. They either embrace or overshadow
all other questions.
State Superintendent S. T. Black was
elected president, with Miss Kate Ames of
Napa City for his assistant. Deputy State
Superintendent W. W. Seaman of Los An
geles was chosen secretary, with J. P.
Greeley of Santa Ana as assistant.
Superintendent McClymonds of Oakland
presented an invitation from the board of
directors of the exposition, asking the
members of the convention to visit the ex
position. After they accented the invita
tion and set 3 o'clock to-morrow as the
hour of their visit, he distributed tickets to
each one for admission to-night at the
opening exercises.
The report of the committee of sixteen
was presented. The assistant secretary
read the first proposed amendment. It
related to section 1543, third subdivision.
At present the county superintendents
must draw a requisition on the Auditor,
who draws a warrant on the Treasurer.
The committee thought that the trustees'
order needed only to be stamped "ap
proved" and then the Auditor could
draw a warrant. The convention re
jected the amendment.
On reassembling in the afternoon
Charles A. Allen, formerly president of
the State Normal School at San Jose, was
elected an honorary member of the con
vention. He spoke a few words of greet
ing to the visitor? after which the bal
ance of the report of the committee of six
teen was read, the secretary explaining
the cause of suggested charges as he read.
Section 1770 was taken up. It provides
for a semi-annual examination of teach
ers and was amended to read annually.
Many of the Superintendents wanted to
do away with examinations entirely and
take their supply of teachers from the
universities and normal schools. Others
wanted an examination every six months,
and the annual examination was accepted
as a compromise.
In subdivision seventh, section 1543, the
woriis "to persons holding certificates of
like grade granted in other counties,
cities or cities and counties" was stricken
out. In place of the words '-certificate or
diploma was inserted the word "cre
dentials"; "and 1503" was inserted after
the figures 1775. These changes remove
the compelling of the Superintendents to
isaue temporary certificates to teachers
holding certificates in other thßn their
own counties.
Section 1577, pertaining to the formation
of new school districts, was amended to
permit of their organization only between
«^
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
. Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONK,-- MAIN, 5181.
Stock of a Barber Supply Store at Auction.
THIS DAY.
7 TUESDAY; August 4, 1896, 1 at 11 > O'clock a. *„
we will sell, by order ol \V. M. WIJjLRTT, receiver
of Wilson ife Lone (on account of dissolution of
partnership), the entire stock, removed to our store
for convenience of sale, comprising Razors of every
description: Combs 'and Brushes: Hair-clippers;
RazOrStrops of every description; Leather; istiears,
etc.: 1 Top Muggy; 1 Double >*tof Harness, Slnale
Set of Harness, etc.: also a I arse lot of the cele-
brated "SHAHK-HIDK RAZUR STROPS" and
TRADE MARK FOR THE SAME.
EDWARD S. bPEAR & ! CO., Auctioneers, !
• - 31 and 33 Sutter street.
November 1 and February 10, instead of
December 1 and April 5, as at present.
An amendment to change tne annual
election of Trustees was defeated.
In section 1598 the words "which shall
be handed by tlie doctor voting to the in
spector, who shall then, in his presence,
deposit the same iv the ballot-box, and the
judges shall enter the electoi's numo on
poll-iist" were stricken out.
In the oath prescribed for challenged
voters in section 1600 tlie words "fifteen
days" were inserted in order to comply
with the law upon the question of regis
tering. The convention then adjourned
to meet to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
to continue their work.
Ex-State Superintendent of Schools
Fred Campbell dropped in during the dis
cussion. Everything was dropped while
he was elected an honorary member of the
Convention.
IGNORE AMERICA.
Rev. Barton Perry Could Not " team
the Names or Presidential Nomi
nees in England. ... .
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— Rev. Barton
W. Perry returned from his European
trip to-day. The main object jof his trip
through Scotland : and ; England was to
make personal observations of the econ
omic conditions-of those countries.
"I could not help but be surprised,"
said Mr. Perry to-night, 4l that so little
general interest was expressed in our
National conventions, which were held
while I was in the manufacturing center
of England. It may seem strange to say,
but I could not for several day 3 learn who
was the Vice-Presidential candidate of the
Republican party. The leading news
papers contained about ten lines a day of
telegraphic news from this country and
sometimes none at all.
"It is a great mistake to suppose that
the ordinary Englishmaniakes a personal
interest in American politics. He does
not, and outside of London capitalists and
a few politicians this country is practically
unthought of. This was a great surprise to
me, as I thought the reverse was the case.
Occasionally there is an editorial on
American politics, but it is rare.
"I traveled on a wheel through Scotland
and England and only spent $1 for travel
ing expenses in 1000 miles. The roads
there are perfect. One little incident
mows how tenaciously some of the lead
ing hotels cling to old English customs.
At the great St. Enoch's Hotel at Glasgow,
perhaps the finest in Scotland, I was
handed a tallow candle when I went to
my apartment."
CITY ASSESSOR'S WORK,
The Electric Railway Ccmpany
Has Its Franchises
Assessed.
Assessment Lower Than Last Tear.
An Oakland Boy Hurt in the
Terrace Baths
ALAMEDA., Cal., Aug. 3.— The City
Assessor turned over the assessment rolls
to the City Clerk this afternoon, in whose
office they will be open for inspection dur
ing the week. There is a decrease in valu
ation from last year of $1,239,450. The
totals show an acreage of 8393.36; value of
real estate, $1,115,349; improvements
thereon, $86,775; value of city lots, $5,387,
-675; Improvements thereon, $4,101,875;
total value of all property, $11,426,324, ex
clusive of railroads.
The francnise of the South Pacific Coast
Railway, or what is known as the narrow
gauge railway, has not had its franchise
assessed, but the half interests in the
steamers have been put down as follows:
Bay City, $20,000; Garden Oity, $15,000;
Newark, $20,000; iSnclnal, $20,000.
The Alanieda, Oakland and Piedmont
Electric Railway is assessed for $32,000 on
its machini ry and dynamos, $20,000 for its
mainline franchise and $5000 each on its
High street and San Jose avenue line
franchises.
When the State Board of Equalization
assesses the railroad lines the total valua
tion will be materially increased.
Hurt at the Baths.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 3.— John W.
Edwards, the 15-year-old son of William
Edwards of Franklin and Fifth streets,
Oakland, met with a serious accident yes
terday at the Terrace Baths. Edwards
came over with a party of friends who all
went In Bwimming. After a short while
they indulged in horse play on the plat
form and steps. In the scuffling Edwards
was tumbled over the railing into the
water. He landed in two feet of water on
his head, the shock producing a concus
sion of the spinal column and partial
paralysis. He was at once taken out of
the water by Loui3 Schroeder and Dr.
Morgan's assistance obtained. He is still
at the baths, able to speak and eat a little,
but his recovery is by no means certain.
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 3.— At the regu
lar meeting of the Board of City Trustees
this evening accounts to the amount of
$1183 51 were passed for payment. A pe
tition was received asking the board not
to grant any new liquor licenses in the
city signed by thiny-nine house-holders
and citizens contiguous to the Pacific Ho
tel and Enciual Hall. An application for
a new license was received lrora Charles
Helling, who wishes to run a saloon in
the Enclnal Hall at Bay-street station.
Action on this as well as on M. Debret's
application for a license for the Pacific
Hotel was deferred till n xt meeting.
The Driving Association.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 3.— Tae Alame
da Driving Association decided at its
meeting to-night to hold race meetings on
its new track on September 12 and 19.
There will be four classes of entries — 2:40
trotting, 2:35 pacing, 2:25 trotting and
2:25 pacing. Other classes will be insti
tuted.
Brief News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Aug. 3.— Mrs. Mary
Souza of Bay Farm Island has brought
suit for a divorce from Joseph Souza on
tht ground of desertion. Souza is sup
posed to be in Honolulu.
Green Majors and N. J. Manson are
mentioned for Congressional nomina
tion at the Populist County Convention.
The Alameda City Union of Christian
Endeavorers has elected the following
officers for the coming year: Mrs. J. A.
Caniefton, president; Ira Sanford, vict
president; Miss Grace Sterett, recording
secretary; Miss Bessie Hierlihy, corre
sponding secretary; J. Falkingham,
treasurer.
At Company G's regular monthly shoot
at the High-street range yesterday after
noon Wittich scored 41, Pickett 38, Higby
37, Mosten 36. La Deu 36, Hammond 36,
Day 35, Browing S4, Wessell 34, Russell 31,
Tenney 31, Shafer 26, Oesfcerreicher 23,
Walker 15, Ciroome 11.
CMS; LEVY & CO,, AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— l i:si» Market Street.
THIS DAY,
Tue5day.............. ...August 4. 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. at Salesrooms, :
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth.
nwftnro»r*,**c Wl witii 811,1, 4 i '?*.■*»
AN etrGANT LINK OF FURNITURK,
Carpets, Bedding, Mirrors* Stoves, Ranges, etc.
CUAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
EXECUTOR'S SALE of Personal Property
BY ORDER OF SUI'KKIOK COURT.
, THIS DAY.
Tue5day. .'....•...;....V.......iAnjtu»t 4, 189S,
- At 11 o'clock a. M . at residence,
1218 LEAVEN WORTH ST., bet. Sacrament*
and Clay, I will sell, at public auction, lots of Jew.
elry. Carpets; Parlor, Liorary, Chamber, Dining-
room and Kitchen Furniture. . '.;•■■■■ ■
J. T. TERRY, Auctioneer,
- Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. C KtTED Esq.. Executor.
'I'KRMS— Casit. .-■--- - - - '■
BERKELEY SCHOOLS OPEN
Larger Attendance at the West
End, but Smaller at the
East End.
Changes in the University Daily.
Engineer Joseph Badly Sca'ded.
Brfcf N ws Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 3.— The fall
term of the Berkeley public schools opened
to-day.
The enrollment of the East Berkeley
schools, including the High School, was as
follows: Rose-street 93, Whittier 306, Kel
logg 223, Le Conte 367, Lorin 253. Total,
1185,
The enrollment at the Kellogg School
was comparatively small, owing to the
transfer of the eighth grade to the Whit
tier School, and also to the fact that notice
had been given of the postponement of the
opening of the eighth and ninth grades
in the High School until August 10. Over
200 high school pupils reported this morn
ing and were dismissed.
In the West Berkeley schools the enroll
ment was larger than ordinary. At the
San Pablo school 219 children reported, at
the Seventh-street seventy-seven and at
the Columbus 172, making a total of 468
for the West End. The San Pablo School
house has been put into excellent condi
tion. The walls have been newly tinted,
the desks Tarnished and general repairs
have been made throughout the building.
- Berkeleyam Changes.
.BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 3.— The Daily
B*erkeleyan Publishing Company at the
Slate University has decided to make sev
eral changes for the improvement of the
paper during the coming term. It is to be
published five times weekly rather than
four times, as during the past year, and
the work of the editorial staff will be
much more carefully systematized. Work
will be commenced to-morrow refitting
the office in North Hall. The editor for
next year will be George Whipple, editor
in chief ; W. E. Creed, managing editor:
Charles Bistort, Reno Hutchinson and
Allyn Checkering, associate editors. J.
M. Oliver has been elected business mana
ger and will name his corps of assistants
later.. ;;
Scalded Severely.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. Engineer
W. B. Joseph of the Berkeley Electric
Lighting Company was severely scalded
on the right leg and foot last evening by
accidentally slipping into a stream of boil
ing water, which was escaping from a de
fective boiler. Though his wounds are
quite serious, he will b ; able to continue
at his post and to direct the engineering
work for bis employers. '
Berkeley Day Mass-Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 3.— A mass
meeting has been called by the Merchants'
Protective Association for to-morrow even
ing at the town hall .'■ for the purpose of
making final arrangements for the ob
servance of Berkeley day at the Oakland
Exposition. Arrangements have already
been made by the association whereby
children of Berkeley may be admitted
free on that day.
■' Want More Shade Trees.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 3. — E. W.
Hilgard, professor of agriculture at the
State University, wiil lecture at the sec
ond meeting of the Berkeley Floral Society
to-morrow evening on "Shade and Orna
mental Trees in Berkeley." He will speak
both with relation to climatic conditions
and town ordinances, with the hope of
creating more decided interest in the
matter of setting out ornamental trees in
a systematic manner and on a more ex
tensive scale.
News Items of Interest.
A general meeting of the Crescent Ath
letic Club has been called for to-morrow
evening, at which it is expected that the
question of disbanding will come up for
consideration. ■■■■>■ "'
The Board of Education held a meeting
to-day at .which bids for repairing the
plumbing, in the Kellogg school were
opened and considered.
Lieutenant Wir.n of the university ca
dets has decided to do away with the
saber company G, and to merge it into the
regular battalion.
- The Alert Hose Company of the Third
Ward has decided to support Kenney in
the fight for Fire Chief. R. Boudenes and
Fred Williams : have • been appointed as
sistant foremen and A. Tobiu hydrantmao
of the company.
Preparations for a reception to the fresh
men are , being; made by the Berkeley
Christian Endeavor Union to beheld on
August 28 at the Congregational church.
: Dr. Rockwell of Yale, who is to take
G. M. Richardson's place at the university
as associate professor in Latin, will arrive
in Berkeley next Friday. Mr. Richardson
is in Europe on leave of absence.
Secretary Bonte of the board of regents
of the university returned from his vaca
tion to-day.
• • The Rev. R. B?ntley, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, who has been in Europe
or. leave of absence, is expected to return
next week.
■-.< The vacancy In the botanical depart
ment ■- of the university, caused by • the
resignation of Instructor Marshall Howe,
who has gone east, has been filled by the
appointment of W. J. V. Osterhout of
Brown University to the position. He
will reach Berkeley next Tuesday.
The Berkeley Republican Club held an
enthusiastic meeting, this evening at their
clubrooms in the Odd Fellow*' building.
DEATH OF REV. JOHN CON WAY
A Well-Known Catholic Priest Passes
Away In Litermore.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3.— News re
ceived from Livermore states that Rev.
John Con way, foimerly of Santa Rosa,
died there day before yesterday. He was
a native of County Tipperary, Ireland, and
was educated at St. Mary's Seminary,
Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1864 he was ordained
a priest.
For twelve years he was pastor of St.
Patrick's Church, London, Ohio, but bis
health failing he came to California, and
was pastor of the Catholic church at
Santa Rosa for thirteen years.
The seeds of disease planted in bis con
stitution, however, lost none of their
virility, and he now dies mourned by a
host of friends and parishioners.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEARST Wt. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingonbodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* m*Arantr+d. Call orwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. uIBBOK. Box 1937. San Franciaca
1314
DEMOCRATS STAND
FOR SOUND MONEY,
Independent Forces Are
Getting Together in
California.
E. B. POND IS HONORED.
Irish Says a Big Delegation
Will Go to the National
Convention. ,
MUCH STATE CORRESPONDENCE
What Some Populist Leaders Have
Said in Confidence About Bryan's
Nomination at St. Louis.
The California portion of the Demo
cratic sound-money movement to organ
ize a regular old-line Democratic party
and put a complete ticket in the field is
rapidly taking definite shape, and it is
now a certainty that in this State the
sound-money Democrats will hold a State
convention and nominate electoral and
Congressional tickets.
E. B. Pond has been named as the Cali
fornia representative on the provisional
executive committee which is to meet in
Indianapolis next Friday to issue a call
for a National convention. Mr. Pond's
name was placed on the roll on the sug
gestion of John P. Irish and some other
Democratic leaders here, and he has ac
cepted the honor, although he will be un
able to attend the meeting. This State
will not be directly represented at this
first National conference at Indianapolis,
but Mr. Fond will send his proxy to some
Eastern Democrat who will attend,
probably to Congressman Bynum of In
diana.
John P. Irish has so far been the most
active spirit in tne new party movement in
this State. He returned yesterday from a i
trip to Placer County ana found quite a |
mass of correspondence relating to it |
awaiting him.
"As soon as the National call ia issued,
said Mr. Irish yesterday, "a State conven- j
tion will be held, in this State to nominate !
a full electoral and Congressional ticket in j
every district.
"Mr. Pond has acquiesced in his appoint- I
ment as the representative of this State at j
the Indianapolis meeting, but he will prob- j
ably forward his proxy. When the
National convention is held a full delega
tion will attend, and the prospect is that a
large company of old- line Democrats will
go with the delegation. We are already
making arrangements to secure the same
convention races that were accorded to the
other National conventions.
"From my correspondence it is already j
evident that a majority, if not all, of the \
counties of the State will be represented j
in the State convention. I and other |
Democrats who are interested in preserv
ing the honor of the party have received
many letters of interested inquiry and as
surances of co-operation from Los Angeles,
Santa Barbara, Sacramento, Monterey,
Fresno, Sai, Diego, Yuba, Placer and Sut
ter counties. Tuey are from Demorcrats,
all urging organization and puttine a
ticket in the field."
Mr. Irish is an observant man who has
had large experience with political affairs,
and his estimate of the situation and the
party prospects in this State will be of in
terest and value.
"I mink," he said yesterday, '-that the j
sound money Democratic ticket will poll
25,000 votes in California.
•'Of course, a large element of the sound l
money Democrats of this State will follow !
the course advocated by Bourke Cockran j
and vote directly for McKinley. I find
that this is especially true of the working
men — the wage-earners — who have hereto
fore vott -d the Democratic ticket and who
make nothing out of politics except the I
dividends they get from the good effect cf
political policies upon their labor and
wages. Tney have such a near-by
example of the effect of the silver
standard upon the wages of labor
in Mexico that their revolt against
such conditions and against such a beg
garly scale of wages carries them clear
over to the Republican ticket."
Mr Irish will probably take a very
active and prominent part in the com
ing campaign. He will attend the Na
tional convention soon to be called,
and he already has several stumping tours
in the East and West in view. One of
them may be in Colorado, from where the
State Civic Association has sent him an
invitation to make a tour of the largest
cities, speaking in the interest of sound
money.
Since the California Populists have re
turned from St. Louis they have not
spoken all that is in their minds and
hearts, though a great majority of them
have only half concealed their disappoint
ment at the strange result of that conven
tion.
They are all expecting, or at least the
leaders have been expecting, Sewall|to re
sign. Mr. Irish stated yesterday a reason
for this expectation which the Populists
have not yet given out.
'•Two of the Populist leaders who were
of the inner councils at the St. Louis con
vention." said Mr. Irish, "tell me that
Bryan or Jones has betrayed the Populists.
They say it was arranged for Bryan to
make his bold stand for Sewall, after
which the St. Louis convention was to
nominate Watson and follow with the
nomination of Bryan. Then Mr. Sewall
was to play Pythias to Bryan's Damon
and decline the Democratic nomination.
But Sewall now refuses. The Populists
have done their part and adjourned, and
as Bryan's yoke-fellow has balked he must
decline the Populist nomination or lose
the benefit of his celebrated telegram to
Chairman Jones."
John Daggett is one of the administra
tion Democrats who stand by the Chicago
convention.
"I went into the State convention to
make a fight for sound money," he said
yesterday, "and we were beaUn. I accept
the result and will support the ticket."
J. J. Valentine is one of the gold Demo
crats very earnestly interested in the sound
money movement.
NEW PARK CHURCH.
Congregational! rts to Build a
Modern Edifice Near the
Park Panhandle.
The executive committee of the Church
Extension Society of the Congregational
churches in San Francisco met in the
rooms of the American Tract Society yes
terday to discuss the proposition of pur
chasing a lot near the panhandle of the
park, upon which the Park Congregational
Church proposes to erect a modern and
commodious edifice.
It was decided that the Church Exten
sion Society purchase such a piece of
ground on some prominent corner near
the panhandle.
The Park Congregational Church mem
bers now worship in the Y. M. C. A.
branch building, on the corner of Baker
and Fell streets. The church has been in
existence for two years, and at one time it
was thought necessary to disband on ac
count of the deplorable condition of the
church's finances.
At the beginning of this year Rev.
James B. Orr was chosen as pastor. He
brought to his work all the enthusiasm of
youth, couplfid with various educational
advantages, and the result is that the con
gregation has so increased that it is
thought advisable at this time to erect a
place of worship.
LEFT HER WITH A KISS.
Mr». William Bracken Tells a Sad Story
of Her Husband's Faithlessness
and Desertion.
"My husband kissed me and then left
me, taking another woman with him."
This is Mrs. William Bracken's sad rela
tion to one of the officers of ihe_ Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
She says Bracken married her two years
ago with the object of gaining possession
of $1800 which she had by inheritance
from her deceased mother. The wedding
took place in Illinois, but the couple soon
after commenced drifting about, going to
Manitou, Colo., Vancouver Island and
numerous other places, winding up event
ually in Salem. Or.
Two weeks ago, according to Mrs.
.Bracken's story, her husband Kissed her
and went out, saying he would return
sbortly. Since then she has not seen
him, but claims to have reason for be
lieving that he fled with an actress, whose
name she declines to divulge. As she is
nearly destitute she intends working in a
restaurant as waitress until she can catch
her faithless spouse, who, she thinks, is
iving with his new flame in this City.
Williams Anxious for Trial.
The case against Dick Williams, charged
with fraudulently landing Chinese, was set for
trial August 19. The ex-customs inspector
wns In court with his attorney and after ad
journment announced his perfect confidence
of acquittal.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock eyerjr
Bignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFrCES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Cl»y; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
s\v. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, •pen
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock
lie Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE Of MKKTIM^.
!^^~KING "SOLOMON'S LODG E '"n6/ " '"• " T '"
m^ -.60, F. and A. M.— The officers and_JV_
members are hereby notified to attend thejffjf
funeral of our late brother, CHaRLKs'V x
McKEEVER. from our hall, corner Geary and
Steiner sts., on WEDNESDAY August 6, at 10
o'clock, a. K. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
gt^g= ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. It . .
S£Z& & A. M. — Stated meeting THIS li
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. ISjC
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /^y\
■SS» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, •
a^e? R. a. 21.. will meet THIS (TUBS-
DAY) EVENING, August 4, at 7 :30 o'clock. TK Tf
Stated meeting and K. A. degree. By or-/^ r^
der of the H. P. FRAN KLIN H. DAY, Sec.
JJSS» EXCELSIOR LnDGE NO. 166, F ft
BF-C & A. M.— Soeclal meeting WEDNES- _J\_
DAY, August 5, at 1 P. M.. for the purpose JvJT
or conducting the funeral of our late'^r' 1
brother, WALTER CREBER. By order of the
W. M. . THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
r^s» PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND ft
EKC a. M., 121 Eddy st.— Stated meet-_^_
ing THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. ?£ 2f
GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Sec. /V^
B^3K= GOLDEN GATE LODGE~No. 30, ■
B = 2B ? F. & A. M.— Stated meeting THlS^*\_
(TUESDAY) EVENING. August 4, atT? Jf
7:1-0 o'clock. GEO. ' J. H'OBE. Secretary. r^y\
Jt^s=> A. O. H. DIVISION NO. 2-THE%^»*
Qt*& regnlar monthly meeting of this \£\'.^f
division will be neld on WEDNESDAY «Wf|
EVENING. August 5, at Hibernia Hall, at c£\WsP
B o'clock sharp. Members are requested, 3~^s£
to come prepared to settle for tickets of our late
general picnic. Tickets for our picnic at Harbor
View Park on Admission day will be ready for dis-
tribution. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
vited to attend. Candidates for admission will
please be prompt In attendance.
, BARTLY LEE, President.
John Kenst, Rec. Sec.
ft^Sp OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVINGS
Bt^S* and Loan Society— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
626 California street, In the City and County of
San Frmcisco, State of California, on MONDAY,
the 10th day of August, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the election of a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come before the
meeting. GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j^^^HiT^A^IFTcriHEBREW ORPHAN
W : JF Asylum and Home Society hereby give
notice that they have admitted im<> the orphanage
from January 1, 1896. to July 1. 1896, the follow-
ing half-orphan girls and boys, viz.: Ruth Adler,
age 5 years: .Harry Bernstein, age 3 years 10
months; Charles Bernstein, age 7 years 3 monttis;
Fanny Bernstein, a?e 11 years 8 months; Lottie
Jaffe, age 8 years 4 months; Esther Mayers, age
4 years 7 months; Lewis Marks, age 4 years 7
months; Henry Lacomy, age 4 years 6 months;
Joseph Michaels, age 5 years 3 months: Ben
Michaels, age 12 years 2 months; Solomon Robin-
son, aged 4 years 11 months: Jacob Robinson,
age 6 years 6 months: David Schwartz, age 5
years 11 months: Bertha Schwartz, age 11 years
1 month; Ellas Schwartz, age 11 years 11 months:
and Herbert G. Wiener, age 4 years 6 months.
|KS» RHEUMATISM OF 6 YEARS CURED
I*3? in 8 weeks. Consultation free. 306 Eddy
street. " . : . .
823p BAD. TENANTS EJECTED FOR M;
W*& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy St., room 6. TeL 5580.
DfcSS= DR. BAYER REMOVED HIS OFFICE
. W~& to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
SITUATIONS nrASTEU-FEUALE.
,R. HAKSEN '"'-& CO., 110 GEARY ST ,
• furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Dhone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Gram 185.
"Vf UMBER OF FIRST-CLASS GIRLS AWAIT-
i\ ing situations at the Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau. MBS. G. NORTON, 315 sut-
ler st. . . ;
SWEDISH GIRL, . FIRST-CLASS COOK
and laundress; four years last place: cooking
or housework. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 Putter st.
C WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS
O work and take care of children; isa good seam-
stress; 2 years last place. MRS. G. NORTON,
315 Sutler st. •
WIBS-GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion for general housework and sewing. Please
call or addr«ss 711 Mission st.
OUNW GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITU-
X ation at housework in small family; sleep at
home. Address T. C, box 77. Call.
"VTOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS TO DO
X laundry work a few days in the week in private
family. 907 Buchanan st. ..?,,-.;..;; ' ; -
ANTED— BY A SWEDISH GIRL, PLACE
to do cooking or general housewoek. Call or
address 901 Folsom st.
VTEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A NICE
xV place to assist in hou eworK; wages $15. 14V 3
Moss st., downstairs. - . '
(~\ ERMaN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
VI general housework. Call or address 32 Freelon.
ITUAT'ON WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL TO
do general housework ; $15 per month. Call or
address 1 100 Vis Stev«nson St.. off Twelfth, between
Market and Mission.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J . the day washing, ironing and honsecleanlng.
Please call 1 Latham pace, off Mason, near Ellis.
ITUATION WANTED AS CHAMBERMAID
in rooming-house or botel ; no waiting. - Apply
1055 a Howard St. _ • ■■■;■' -.-.: :, ; •-'■" •-,■■. i
■\» IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
i'I lion to do general housework: low wages;
good cook. Address G. C, box 109, Call Office.
p ERMAN LADY, WITH BOY, WISHES SIT-
vJ uatlon to do general . housework and cooking:
good manager: • references if required. - Call or ad-
dress 19 Sixth st. ;
If RES C H LADY, JUST .KROal FRANCE,
wishes position as cook, general house worker
or nurse. Apply MRS. MARTIN, 814 Jackson st.
ELIABLE WOMAN. WANTS SITUATION;
XV city or country; references; good cook, baker
and laundress; nationality scotch: also competent
baby's nurse. Call 537 Minna st. : -■;< *:
•Experienced WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
Xj tion as cook or to do general I housework lin
small family. Apply 306 Nineteenth st. v . ■. :.. :
ITUATION WANTED FOR GIRL 14 YEARS
old; . light housework; good worker. Call 3910
Mission s t., near Randall. - : .
7n\ MIDDLE-AGED LADY TO WAIT ON AN
X) I. 'i valid, or assist in : cooking and housework.
Call at '210 Oak st. ■ '
T7IIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WISHES SITU-
X ation, city or country. Address or call 924
Washington St.; good references. ' ■,
YOUNG ; LADY . WISHES , A ; POSITIQN. IN
,'X store to make herself useful and work her way
up.:. Address A,' 8,, box 70, Call Office. ; - ' ' :
f> EKMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE DAY
VJT-.- washing. Ironing and housework. ' Please call
at 130 Second st. , 7 . -■•
ELI ABLE COOK ; (GERMAN) « WISHES A
;XV situation In private family, or will do upstairs
work and sewing in private . house or - botel. Ad-
dress 17 Third st. i: ' - - ;'■.■■■• .•.^:
S"~ ITUATION WANTED BY ,/VOUNG GIRL
to do cooking or general bouse work; wages
19K ' ('all Minnmt -  ■ . _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
SITUATIONS 'WANTED— Continued.
TWO COMPETENT - GERMAN SISTERS DE-
s!re situations as cook: and second girl. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Gutter St. ,;:;'■•'; -. :<■';>;.
MRS. M: JOHNS TON, 995 MARKET ST.;
only first-class female help furnished. ; ,■-:
V OMAN WANTS POSITION. TO ASSIST IN
' » light housework with Christian or spiritualist.
Address Home, bo* 101, Call Office. ; :. •
TARESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS— GOOf>
J fitter and draper; sews 60 els. a day. M. M. N..
box 92, Call Office. , ...
TiriliLlNG MIDDLE-AGED woman to do
'» housework in a small family; terms moderate.
Call 650 Mission St., between First and Second. - -
T ADY WISHES SITUATION A."- HOUSE-
XJ keeper or to do plain tewing. 28% Sixth st.,
room 4. ■: - :■ ~ ■ - ■ ■-...-■ ■•■■ -• . i ; >: ■ i • ' ' -.■
yOUNG GIRL WOULD . LIKE TO -DO UP-
X stairs work: is ».ood seamstress. Call or ad-
dress L. L., two days, 1-40 Howard St.
-TkRESSMAKER . WITH . LATEST METHOD
U wishes engagements by the day or take .work
home: work guaranteed: terms $1 25 per day;
suits from $3 up. Apply 2619 V 2 Folsom St. -.:;. • ._:
\yiDOW WITH BEST OF REFERENCES
» » would care for an elderly couple's house in ex-
change for two or three unfurnished rooms. Ad-
dress box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
WKW YORK DRESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS
XI cutter and fitter, wishes a few more engage-
ments by the ay; terms $2.60. Address N. V.,
box 28, Call Office. ,:.'.''■':■> .:■■.'.
A GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS WAITRESS
Am private boarding-house. Call 44 .-ixth st.
ERSIAN WOMAN' WANTS POSITION AS
VI dishwasher in coffee-house or restaurant. Ad-
dress D. W., box 58. Call Office. .
yOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; plain sewer. 777 Market, room 18
CPANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OK
O Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkin st., room 2. ■
WORK BY THE DAY WANTED BT RELI-
->» able young woman for office-work, house-
cleaning or washing. 088 Howard at., cor. Sixth.
pERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
VI to do general housework or as housekeeper.
Apply 517 Howard st.
yOO.NO GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to take care of one or more children. Ap-
ply 1321 Mason st, bakery. -
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE LO DO
X office work or take care Of doctor's office. ' Call
or address 634 Ellis st. „ r, ■• .-'.■■•* ..'.•■;.
■KiLDERLY LADY WISHES; POSITION' AS
Hi housekeeper In small family. 733b Clemen-
tina st. . ■ '-' . '
WORK WANTED AT ONCE BY LADY AS
'» visiting French teacher, schools or families;
or as companion to lady or gentleman of means
where reading aloud or writing is requi ed; good
needlewoman: reterences: no trlflera. Address
MADAME, box 127. Call Office.
YV IDOW WITH YEARS OF EXPERIENCE
• > would like a position to take charge of a hotel
or lodging-house. Call or address MRS. H., 621
Powell st. , ,
RESPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES
XL position as chambermaid and waitress: good
reference. Call 739 Post st.
ERMAN WOMAN, GOOD HOUSEKEEPER
vJT first-class cook, wishes steady situation, city
or country. Address or call 224 Fourth St.
V NEAT SCOTCH WOMAN, PLACE AS
child's nurse, plain sewing or housework: good
cook; references. MRS. ANNA SHEPPARD,
Oakland P. P., Alameda County.
Wf INCHES i EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. HR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 5U per night:
91 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;-
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
SI X V AT I ONS WAKTJiD-MALIS.
/S~^nrA^SEN^rcaTllo"GEXß\' StCTfUI?
\J. nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail usyourorden; prompt attention guaranteed.
SUTLER, ENGLISH, DESIRES SITUATION;
I ) 7 years' ' undeniable references from Wolfe
family. New York, also from Senator Wolcott;
thorough good indoor servant In every respect.
Address HENRY uOLPUS, 501 Post St.. room 26.
/CAPABLE/WILLING MAN WANTS WORK
\J in the country as gardener or any general work
about place: care of horses, etc.; well recom-
mended as horn st and faithful. Address JOHN
C, box 6, Call Office, Oakland.
BARBER- A FIRST-CLASS YOUNG BARBER
X) desires a steady position to work for wages.
Address Barber, box 82, Call.
YOUNG JUAN WANTS A POSITION AS
X clerk In a hotel or restaurant; can give best of
reference. Address Clerk, dox 52, Call.
POSITION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS EX-
X glneer and electrician to run electric light
plant; best of references. Address E. GUEN-
THER, 1419 Everett St., Alameda.
QTROSG BOY, 16 YEARS OLD, DESIRES A
O position in a store or office. Address G. 8.,
box 116, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION IN
X electrical business: moderate wages. C. E.
YE WDALL, general delivery, city:
/CHINESE WANTS PLACE; FIRST-CLASS
\J cook, houseworker and washer; in family; city
or country. WANG HOON, 776 Clay st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG, GER-
IO man with good references; in city or country ;
also security. S. W.. box 109, Call Office.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES A POSI-
XI tion In store or office; wages no object. Ad-
dress J. M., 622 Post st. ■
CTOUSECLEANISR WANTS TO WASH WIN-
-11 dons, sweep rooms, etc.; day or hour. Ad-
dress JAPANESE GEORGE. 1210^ Larkin st.
"lIT ANTED— POSITION AS FOREMAN ON
Vt ranch by American: references. Address
Foreman, box 19, Call Office.
RIGHT BOY WOULD LIKE TO LEARN
the butcher business or get any kind of work.
Call or address 1627 Howard st. •.• : : ;
JAPANESE BO WANTS PLAIN COOKING,
tl light housework; best city references. Address
J., box 3, Call Office, Oakland. .
ERMAN MAN, 36, HANDY WITH TOOLS
\J and house and garden work, wants steady place,
city or country; reference. R. K. box 122, Call.
ECHANICAL ENGINEER AN MACHIN-
-IVX Ist wants work: capable taking charge of
any kind of power plant or machinery or putting
up the same; terms satisfactory. Address 710
O'Farrell st. ■  .
WANTED— POSITION AS MANAGER OR
'» foreman of a plumbing and tin shop by an ex-
perienced mechanic: can furnish too sif neces-
sary. Address T. S., box 108. Call Office. ■•■■•■: ■
\V' ANTED— SITUATION EITHER AS NIGHT
" watchman, porter, collector or drive delivery
wagon; best of reference and bond given. Address
SAMUEL GAMBLE, 1307 Dolores st.
yili'XG MAN DESIRES A POSITION IN A
X wholesale or commercial house, or any place or
office where advancement is possible; is a rustler;
lives with parents. Address A. V., box 104, Call.
E LIABLE FIKST-CLASS MAN, WHO UN-
XV derstands care of horse and is good driver,
waits situation around private place ; is fair gar-
dener and is handy with tools. Address O. U.,
box 97, Call Office.
NG I NEEHS- POSITION BY COMPETENT
Xv man: familiar with electrical lights. Address
LOUIS B. GORDON, 17 Van Ness aye.
~f>KLIABLK SWEDISH MAN WANTS SIT-
X\ nation; is good gardener and coachman; can
run gasoline engine: prefers a private place, city
or country: good references. Address R. S., box
55, Call Office. ••'..■•>■.■■ .. ' - ■
PRACTICA L POULTRY MAN WANTS SITU-
X atlon; expert on Incubators and brooders. ' For
first-class reference address, with particulars, Prao-
tlcal, box 160, Call. ,
STEADY, SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAIN AND
wife of experience wish positions to taKe charge
of a ranch. 8. \V\. box 5, Call Office, Oakland. .._.
STRONG £OY~IS YEARS OLD WANTS, TO
learn the blacksmith trade. Address S. L. 8.,
box 119, Call. ■ -^
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel a rant, SO.' '.
pHINKSK AN I) JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414 V 2 O' Fan-ell; teL K. 426. ■
HINKSK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; Main 1997. BRADLKY&CO., 640 Clay.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN- AND
wife, without children,' to take care of a ranch;
man ■ understands all kinds of \ ranch work; -, wife
good cook »nd housekeeper;' both hrst-clasa refer-
ences. Address J. R., 621 California st. . ,-. . ,t . ;;-. :
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggacetoand from the ferry.
■yOUNG MAN, GERMAN, WHO HAS BEEN
X working in delicacies and ; grocery ' business
wants a position. Address A. LUKR.vNPA, 2162
Alameda aye., Alamed*.'^|tif|SMStt9BKSßn3CK£3S
WINCHESTER HO USE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights lin every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: 81 50 to $6 per
w_eekMrpe bus and hairi;n"- to mid from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTKD.
9 sisTEKS OR "'." FRIEN DS '■ A* COOK 'AND
■£■ second girl, % 25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sotter st. ■ .- - .■-'-. .. •.■ ..■ --'. -' • --. .■■•„.;
1 AUN DRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
xj Sutteif st. ■■.■.■,•■•. - ■■•■■-.:. :■■■•-.-
/COLORED COOK, $15, 2 IN FAMILY. MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Sntter St. ; • " ' ;
: veat YO U NO GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
XI $16. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntter st. . -H'»r
GERMAN SECOND GIRL, «25; 2 COOKS,
VI $35 and 30: nurse, $20. ' MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutler st. ■>■■■,: ; ; . . . ;v .- r ■ : ;;:■: ■:■ ■ :\ -: : <i- :
OMAN. WITH A CHILD,. SIS; 20 HOUSE-
»» : work girls, ci y and country, $20 and $25: 8
young ; giris assist, , $10 to $15. . MISS CULLEN,
823 sutter st. ■■•; , .: : ; ( w«. . ..:. : : -;•... ■ ,;,,-.
TVJUBSE GIRL, $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 BUT-
Xi ter st. .:.■.: v ;.;■; ■•'.!-.. --■,■■ : ..:.;;.- ■:■-.■ ■.■■, -; y-:t
pERMAN.GIRL. HOUSEWORK,. $30. -MISS
U. CULLEN, 323 Butter sU -, ; ■ f v\
3 CHAMBERMAIDS. AND WAIT TABLE
some, $15, r-jom, etc.; 3 waitresses, $15, room,
etc.; 3 waitresses," $20, room, etc. ; hotel lauui ress,
$25, room, etc.; lady cook and helper, $46, etc., or
man and wife: 7 housegirls. $20, etc.: 13 house-
girls, $15; 17 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month, assist, etc.; nice -families; 9- German, 11
Swedish and 4 l Daoish girls. MARTIN'S. 749
Market it
HEI/P WANTED— Continued.
OtJSEGIKL, OAKLAND 530: WOMAN TO
cook for 6 men, small ranch, $S5: cook, small
country hotel, $30: cook I and I second girl, " sam
house, $25 and $20- American family, cook and
second girl, same house, $30 and $20, German
family; housegirl. $25 3 in family: housegirl, $20
2 in family; German nurseglrl. $20: cook, restau-
rant, $7 week: small boarding-house. $4 week; 10
young girls to astist, $10, $12 and $15. 316 Sutter.
"1 OOi> GERMAN COOK, PRIVATE FAMILY,
VJ city, : call early. $25 to $ 30 : cook and house-
work, country, see ' party in city, $20: cook for
place near city, $2 H second girl, same place, $15,
see party here at 10 a. m. Wednesday.. C R. HAN-
SEN & Co.. lip Geary st. ' " ■"
FIRST-CLASS WAITRESS, RESTAURANT,
A city, $20; waitress German, restaurant, city.
$15 and found- girl for waiting and chamberwork,
city, $15; German chambermaid, country hotel,
$20. iC.R. HA SEN <fc CO.. I*o Geary at.
p MANGLE IN HOTEL, CI $17 60
VJ and board: 4 nurseeirls wanted, $12 to $16;
girls for housework, $15, $20 and $25- C. R.
MANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary St. i -■.;.■■: :
WASTED-IKOHEB IN INSTITUTION, $25;
*» . cook, plain wash. $30. see lady here at 10 to-
day; 2 German and French second gir s, $20 : # 6
cooks In German families, $25 and $30; girl for
houseworK. a short distance, $20; nurse, same
house, $20: waitress, $18, and a large number of
girls for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. :J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 31 2 Butter st. '
VV ANTED— GERMAN COOK FOR SMALL
• » boarding-house $30: cook, hotel, country,
25: German cook $25: German infant's nurse,
«0j French girls to assist, $16 and $10; girls for
housework, $25, $20 and $16. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton st. ■ . -
W AITRKSS, ASSIST CHAMBERWOKK,
* country hotels, $20: cooks, $25 and $20; girls
for housework, etc. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
p IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES FOR GOOD
VJpositioas. Employment office, 306 Mason st.
T?xpert~lady typewriter: need NOT
XJ be a stenographer, salary $30: also a lady
draughting copyist, salary $80; • ladies holding
certificates in United States Industrial Agency
eligible. Call at room 165, Crocker building.
r ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
school in city teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now" forming for fall work; references
given. 410 Leavenworth st. ■
W ANTED- for GENERAL HOUSE-
»» keeping In family of 2: no washing; must be
neat, willing and come well recommended; $10.
Apply after 5 p. m. at 217 Third aye.
VOUSG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
JL work and care or children. Call before 12 m.
1001 McAllister st.
KLIABLE LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
XV business. Call r. 20. 131 Post. 10 to 6 o'clock.
ANTED-GIRL TO DO GENERAL HO USE-
'' work. Apply 1008 Sacramento St.' - '•■ ■■
OUNG GKKMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN GEN-
I eral housework; wages $12. Call from 9to 11,
1246 Mission st ' "
pIRL * OR HOUSEWORK: GOOD COOK; $16.
VJ call between 10 and 12, 1232 Golden Gate aye.
ANTED— GOOD FINISH ON CUSTOM
" coal 8; also apprentice. 368 V2 Clementina st.
pIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: AMERICAN
VJ family of two; no washing; $20. 721 Ellis s:.
APPRENTICE AT DRESSMAKING. 4a AN-
■fV. tonia st., off Jones, near Kills.
pERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. Apply 1308 a Lea yon worth st. ... :
* PPRENTICE ON FINE TAILORING: SOME
-"V experience preferred. 1148 Folsom st. ■ ','
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. CALL AFTER I
9, 1720 Sacramento st. ■ j
YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
-Land cooking In small family. 1623 O'Farrell
St., from 10 to 12.
ANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1124 Greenwich st.
\\T ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work. 2jl Central aye., cor. Page st.
\V ANTED— A GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
i ' work; sleep at home. 1427 Pine st.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK, j
-L wages $8; sleep home. 419 Fell st.
p IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK, fl2 TO
VJ $16. 1630 Q'Farrell St., apply 9 to 12.
TIT ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»¥ work. 1817 Scott st.
pERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
vJT housework. $15. 1803 Devisadero, cor. Bush.
pIRL IN FAMILY OF THREE; WAGES $8.
V3~ 416 McAllister st.
Experienced FINISHER on VESTS*;
Hi steady work. 461% Minna st. ,
PERATORS. FINISHERS AND APPREN- '■
\J tice girls on coats: good baiter on coats. i
IIENHY HILP, northeast cor. Pine and Battery.
IJMNISHERS WANTED. 246 CLEMENTINA
X street. - j
pIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND CARE OF
VJ children. 1433 Valencia st.
qpecial— Tf lesson in cutting
O garments: French drafting; to-day 2 p. M.
FLY NN, 14 McAllister st.
VV ANTED— GIRi. TO WAIT AT
'» table. 384 Bush st. - ' '■x.it.^.-.
ANTED TO BOARD BY A RESPECTABLE
German family without children a girl between
8 And 12 years; a good home; also use of piano.
Address P., box 122, Call Office. -
\\' ANTED-GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN
" country: wages $15. 322 Turk st., between
Hyde and Leavenworth. •
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR • MILLINERY
• » school; class forming for fall work; large
workroom; : plenty of work; satisfaction guaran-
teed. 410 Leavenworth st.
\\r ANTED— 2 OR 3 . YOUNG LADIES FOR
'» course of portrait-painting and photography;
good opportunity. Address M., box 56, Call Office.
/CUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
\J $1 a week. FLYNN, 14 McAllister st.,r. 67.
U'ANTr.I) — WOMEN A.ND GIRLS FOR
*» fruit cannery; Tenth and Bryant sts. CODE,
ELFELT A CO. - r
AIRDRES^ING. 250 AND 35c: MOKNINU
- and eve classes; 10 leasons,?l 50. 1248 Mission.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St., 105 9th.
"I EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
Ju ing; $1 a week: patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDoweli Dressmaking School, 686 Market st.
\\T ANTED— WOMEN AND GIBLB TO WORK
»» on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Brannan St., between Third
and Fourth.
t ___^_«
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
p«rwe»lf: free 'bus and i>agg»g<- lonnd from ferry.
hale help WASTED.
per month, miss
X CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. : ; ■ ' . ■ ;: >
PORTER, RESTAURANT, $17 AND RQOM;
X 2 waiters, $20, room, etc.; errand boy, $4
a week; young man to • tend soda fountain; Ger-
man cook; 2 German waiters: head waiter, small
hotel; woodchoppers; man and - wife, cooks, etc.,
$45: ranchhand who can do blacksmiihlng: Jap-
anese for chamberwork, $18, room, etc. ; Japan-
ese for housework; waiter, $6 a week. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. '
I?NGIN~KER, MACHINES! 1 AND ELECTRI-
Sli cian to take charge of a small plant in an in-
stitution; $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st. ■ . ■ ' . ■ ' ■'■;■■'■'•-.'
17<ARMER AND WIFE FOR A FRUIT RANCH,
r $30; blacksmith fora stage station, $30 to $36
and found; 4 farmers, $16 to $20. C. R. HAN-
6UEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
PASTRY COOK AND. BAKER, HOTEL. $40;
X cook and wife, country hotel, $50: cook for a
saloon lunch, $10 a week; cook, country hotel,
$40: broiler, first-class restaurant; dishwashers,
potwashers, kitchen hands and others. C. R.
HANSEN <k CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED TO-DAY-20 MORE LABOR ERB
; for railroad work, north, •$1 50 a day; no
office fee and reduced fare: we ship to-morrow.
C. R. HAWSER <fc CO., 1 0 Geary st.
URRAY THE BROILER PLEASE CALL. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 neary st. :
Q BLACKSMITHS FOR RANCHES, OR-
O chards,vlneyards;blacksmlth help, concentrator
fora gold mine, $90; 5 laborers, city work, $1 50
a day; 20 tlemakers: farmer and wife, $35, ■ see
boss here: 5 farmers. MURRAY & HEADY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 : Clay.
BAKER, COUNTRY SHOP, $40 AND SOUN D;
3 cooks. $35, $40 and $60; 3 waiters, $20, $25
end $30; waiter-Doy, $16 to $20. MURRAY &
READY, Leadin™ Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. ' ', : ■" :' : .
ANTED-GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
coachman, - must i have city experience - and
references, $30 to 35 and found; young man as
blacksmith helper in country = shop, 20 :■ and
found; farmers, laborers, milkers, cooks, waiters
and; dishwasher, kitchenliand, nice country hotel,
$20 and found. :; W. D. EWER <fc CL., 626 Clay St.
V*' ANTKD-WAIT. R, $30: WAITER, SMALL
' * ": chophouse,' $20: washer. $20; . Frenc-
hman ; in i res aurant, $15 1 aDd room; second cook,
plain hotel, $-J0;- night cook. $30; Japanese boy,
915; man to take care of invalid, etc L. ANDRE.
315 Stockton st. " . V-'I 1 : > ' : : ": . ■:' : '""
\a; ANTED — jobbing and . CARRIAGE
" smith, $3 day; vegetable gardener, $26: as-
sistant gardener, $20; married dairyman; tunnel-
men, $2 50 day and i board; . laborers . for mining
company, $1 day and board: errand-boy lor coun-
try, $10 and. found: ; middle-acea man to care for
fruit ranch: cooks: waiters and others. Apply to
J.F. CROSKTT <fc Co.; 628 Sacramento st. • ;
"ANTED —Y. UNO MAN iTO RUN * FRUH
"T concentrators, $3; night foreman for electric-
car barn. :. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st •-■■;..■.:•.-: ",',, ; : i; : -■.',-; S -■■-,- :n. /^ !
ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED , MAN . TO >, DC
chores at country place: wages $10 a month ;
state i age, previous occupation r and ; references.
MR. JONES, box 165, Call office. : \ ' ■ : ' ;
DRAUGHTING v COPYIST - WANTED AT
once; persona holding certificates in U. S. In-
dustrial * Agency - are j eligible. : Call at : room 165.
Crocker building. >■ : ■ : ' ■".■•■•■ ■ '
TIT AST tiD— GOOD STEADS' MAN. TO WORK
" in store;- salary 1 $75; must have $160 cash
777 Market st. •,:;.. .:.•.-,.-■ ::,-.:- ' : -. •■;//.-•;■ :_::'.
OOD y. DISH WASHER = WANTED/ : 1801
Haigut 1 .'.•-■■ ■-..' :.■-■■- .-■ • -^ "
■ HEIiP ; WANTED— Contliraodl. __
Xkted^oFtcTlearn the tailor-
Ing trade.'; 916 Market St., room 82.
\\r ANTED-EXI'EKIENCKD NEWSPAPER
Yt canvassers; salary and • commission: must
furnish bond or security. Apply after Ip.m. to
836 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
T UNCH WAITER. , 2677 , SIXTEENTH ST.,
JU near Howard.  ; . . -■■..:■■■. •
T\ISHWASHER WANTED— C AiI. THIS A. M.
U 2623 Sntter at. .■;. ■
I>OY VVANTED-U YEARS OF AGE FOR
> stor«; references required. Address BOY, box
39, Call. ..,•■•.■-■ _^
OTRONG BOY IN COALYARD. 2317 PINE.
0 .-.;:-... ;-■•• .;.,•••■■■'"■' '-■ : .
T»OY FOR A STORE: MUST SPEAK GER-
-D man. 1008 Market St. . ■
Vl' ANTED-PAINTI G, CARPENTERING.
TT part payment on house rent. Ability, box
109, Call. _ .
rPAILORS WANTED— 246 CLEMENTINA ST.
BLACK WANTED AT 502 ELLIS ST.
riLERK IN GROCERY; MUST UNDERSTAND
v> the business and bring references. • Apply at
427 Broderlck st. before 10 this morning. - -
pOOD BARBER WANTED; STEADY. 805
VJ", Mission, near second st. r .
WANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
IT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
Dot less th%n 5 ■ feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate haoits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United Stales or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted : . this Important branch of the naval
service offers special iudncements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
• JOY IN CYCLERY WHO CAN REPAIR AND
-D adjust wheels. D., box 3, Call Office.
TJARBKRS* PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
OAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
i> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
I OURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
O No. 527. J. B. I. U. of A., Employment Bureau,
102 Seventh st. ..'•
YOUNG MAN TO ASSIST IN OFFICE WORK;
1 duties light; experience not necessary; will
pay $75 per month: deposit required, 8150. ■ GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st. • >V ..:'>■■-
TlT ANTED— HONEST, SOBER MAN IN GOOD
Vr paying business; small capital required; see
to-day. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
PART.VER WITH $75: WELL PAYING BUSI-
X ness: good outside trade. 235 Third st. , ■...
T IV CANVASSERS WANTED: GOOD
Xj commission to right parlies. ;' J., box 29, Call.
MEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single famished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 60 ;readlng- room atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
QUNNV ROOMS : ROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
0 The New Grand, 248 Third st.
VI AN WITH $150 CAN MAKE GOOD LIV-
!' L ing; light work ; short hours; no night or Sun-
day work. 921 Market St., room 1. -
(D»/1 PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STYLE.
(IJt: WERTHMAN Pants CO , 22y Geary st.
T ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
Xj business partner ;small capital. 122 Post St., r.2.
"\f EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40c;
1»X done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F-
L/EEFBTEAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
X) 6c. 2 side dishes free. 635 Clay st.
T AfiGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
Xj on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726y 2 Howard st., bet. Third and fourth
\\T INCHEBTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T»ES»I PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND^
X) hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's migtit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
T ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIOHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacifl ■-. below Kearny.
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to . patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WF.DDERBURN & TO., Dept. L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. .
E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
' » selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
\\r ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
" night; 91 week.: Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
rriRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INUELL : HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts. ; single famished rms 75c week, 15c night.
T7l S.— REiiOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
Fj. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
1/ k A MEM TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
XV'U and 200 a night. Including coffee and rolls,
624 Washington st., near Kearny. "V i . * ,
•REST IN CITY--SINO< X = ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
X> 25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, SI 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts,
\\f fc, ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
TT yonr old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price*, done while you wait.
662 Mission St., between First and Second sts.
T>OOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 600 TO «1 50
XV per week. ;. Oriental, 225 Drummat. ■ ■
"\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND . MECHANICS
• > to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms; 250 per night: $1 to $3 per weelc .
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROUMS, 16c A DAY: $1
111 v««k; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. ;36 Clay st. . - '
Ii^LCHO HOUSE, 863 V 2 MARKET ST.—
Xli Rooms '^Oc, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $2 week.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
I*l all grocers keep it. ;.. ' .
\\f ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
TT ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WANTED -MEN TO LKARN BARBER
• i trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue st>nt. S. F. Barber school. 1515 Howard.
au.e:nts WANTED.
■fJEW^ipROPOSITIbN ? " FOR "•"• PICT U R E
-i' agents; call and investigate. BAXTER, 432
Sutter st. . . • :
T ADY AND GENTLEMAN AGENTS WANT-
-1.1 ed everywhere; large profits. 204% Leaven-
worth st. . . ...
A GENTS— "BRYAN, SEWALL AND FREE
A Silver" covers the campaign ground; Bryan a
prodigy; will Inspire more enthusiasm than all the
other candidates/ F. PKR>ON. Manager Sub-
scription Department, The Whitaker & Ray Com-
pany, 723 MarKet at.
Q ALARY AND COMMISSION TO MEN OF
O good address. Room 20, 401 California, 9to 10.
HOUSES WANTED.
QUNNY HOUSE" OF^OJl'i^GOOD^oioMS
O In northwest section; rent must be reasonable.
Address Naval Officer, box 70. Call Office.
ROOMS WANTED. ~
TnJRNTSHE~D" ROOM WANTED" BY~A
T painter in exchange for work. J. 8., box 95,
Call. ■ '.. ■ - :
WAMTKD-IIISCKLLA.NKOUS.
iITANTED— A~^ARP~irTiEXCHANGE - FOR
TV bicycle. 11., box 113, Call.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID . FOR CAST-OFF
clothing and shoes, 8. BERKOWITZ, 584
Pacific st., near Kearny. • ■ : ,-.
qkLT YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND jew
0 elrv to A. KCKI.V. 109 s,x:'\ st.- send postaL -
u-^^^ r^^:,, DENTISTS. ' ■ ! '■'■' ~
pROOME DENTAL ABSOCIA^rToNT769 > IJARr'
\J ketst.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless I extraction: artili-
cia! teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. „.'. , , • . . .
TT'IRST-CLASS .DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices; first-class ; results: ' painless : extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 6375. W. C. HAR-
PINO'. CM.. M.D., 600 Sutter St.. corner Powell.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are : made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORUK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved '. bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrellat.
V ULL SET ■OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years: extraction, 50c.; fillings, 50c.;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
1 R. L. T. ( RANZ-EXTR ACTION PAINLESS,
-L/ crown i work, : bridge work i and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary, st., cor. Grant ava.
<D«7 A .set FOR tketu; warranted A.-l
•IT I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMM.*
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
T> AINLES3 EXTRACTION: 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up: lSveaw
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.a. 81534 Geary.
DX. i-'UCKETT, 1703 ■: POsT; ST.," : NEAR BU-
ennnan: gas given; crown and bridge wort •'
ALL , WORK s REASON A AND WAR-
Ja.' ranted. : DR.' J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SPi RITU CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY REV.
MR. HOWLAND: 25c. 1 Fifth St. •
SET ui'TifiKTH W ITUOUX A ri-ATJi DR. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk »u-.-:-,-.t> To.--.- ;:.-:■ ■•■■•■ .W.v-
/ ovros association. *oa HUB-
V^' ket at. • DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
TThTj. J. LEEK, 1200 MARKET,"COR. GOLDEN
I / (inif uvf.— Open t-yt-ningi: Sunday* til! noon.
.'■ : ; "■ ASTKOLOGV.^ ,
A BTKOLOOY AN^^bTDTc7NK^AT?VITIE9
XV or questions answered: ' Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde St.. 10 to 3. -r
. : PHYSICIANS. ; . ; ;';.;;' : ;'..;'.. . .-.
DR. C. C. O'DC^'jfih^iTlioT^AßKETTcTm
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT , DR. JORDAN JAT
. his museum, 1 1051 Market | st. : hU 30 years'
sncccssful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cusea treated satisfactorily by tnall, :
©yf K.H SALOON DOING LARG^Tfi^JSllvESsi
«JpT:t)v/ . near Sansome st. ; | rent | $50, - including
barber' shop; net rent $30: actual value $600;
ereat bargain. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California .
Of A (\f\C\ HO»T ELEGANT CORNER 8A-
JjtIUUU. loon. Including 12 handsomely fitted
up clubrooms: choicest location : low rent;. long
lease: large, choice stock ; doing good business.
WILKE » WOLF, 531 California St. > - "
<Ttjk)t)l >A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
«Jp.£_.v'U. 5 blocks. from Kearny at., Western
Addition: large cash custom;. daily receipts, $35;
low rent; bargain. WILKE & WOLF, 631 Cali-
fornia st.-. ';;-":. ■ • '.■■■■■ ■.;■: ,-;-■■.•
QQClfl FIRST-CLASS SAMPLE-ROOM,
OUU. with large patronage, near Examiner
office owner in business for last 3 > years wants to
retire. WILKK <fc WOLF, 631 California st.
mjrrrfi CORNER SALOON, WITH BUILD-
«Ip I O\J. in?, In Mission; ions ground lease; do-
ing good business. 631 California St., room 4. ■
ffi»OP;A CORNER SALOON ON GEARY ST.;
<g?O0U. rent $40. WILKE, 531 California st.
ffI,QA/J CANDY-STOKE— ICECREAM SODA
tJIOU". fountain; complete outfit for making
candy; finely fitted up:' doing good business; No.
1 location; best reasons for selling; fine place for
two ladles; candy can be made in the store; trial
given. See BARRETT at 1125 Market St., cigar-
stand. •. " . .
fljiirA BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
«JfG«_)VJ. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; low
rent;* doing business of $8 to $10 per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.,
at cigar-stand.
»]f.A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE ORB;
-LOU. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market st. ■
ffIJOQA CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
t{P_Jt7v/. laundry office: No. 1 location: living
rooms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st. ,
len BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
ClOu. and candy store: north of Market st.;
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT, 1125 Market.
rO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash see GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
<njC|fMl CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; NO.
ijpO\J\)m 1 location: pays well; cheap rent: bar-
sain; account of sickness. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st. ;
(flj 1 <>lin LIQUOR-STORE, FULL VALUE IN
«© 1 ZiUU sight; 6 good living rooms, cheap rent,
longl ease. See GUS STRAND. 45 Third at.
A LOON; NO 1 LOCATION: WITH 3 FUR-
-0 nisbed rooms; cheap rent; will be sold at a
great bargain if taken at once. See GUS STRAND,
45 Third st.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUBI-
-1 nesa. LUBELSKI <t CHASK, 7 City. Hall aye.
dJ.l'nA GROCERY AND BAR; ALSO CON-
<s)At)\J\J. fectlonery and fruit; doing $1000
business month: in fine country town, ly 2 hours'
ride trom city ; established 10 years: this is a rare I
bargain; will stand fullest investigation. .LUBEL- i
SKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
L let us show you some fine places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI <fe CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
<£1 £00 OLD " ESTABLISHED CORNER
(JIIDUU, saloon on prominent street: long
lease; Investigate this bargain. STENBERG CO.,
832 Market.
©IQ/\A PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
tjPl O\J\J. saloon. STENBERU C 0.,632 Market
<Jt97^i CORNER FRUIT STORE; OLD ES-
<lT^i I O. tablished; living rooms; receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
TTOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
XI new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 88 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
llqhied basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39. .
©<)C/|A ROADSIDE HOUSE AND BUSI-
«iP_«JV/U. ness, just outside a town of 8000 in-
habitants, 50 miles from this city; lot 157x200;
good house, well-furnished bar, etc. : doing asplen- I
did business; good tena it offers to rent it for 5
years at $45 a month, which shows what the busi-
ness must be. Particulars from GAMAN &
LYON, 215 Kearny st. .
iB-OAA AND SERVICES TO INVEST IN A
*£'£VJ\' good business by a steady young man
who is a general all round man. handy at most any
thing; or will loan the employer the above
amount for steady employment at a fair salary:
indoor work desired. Address with particulars,
McK. box 118, C»U Office. •;.-.-■-".■-
-\\T ANTED— IN A GOOD PAYING
grocery business: present, owner will invest
915.000: want a person willing to invest 25,000;
to a person of means who has a son they want to
establish in business this is a good opening; none
but principals and persons in earnest expected to I
reply. Address C. F. J., box 25, Call Office.
F"*OR SALE— ONK OF THE OLDEST AND
best-known liquor-stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock of wines
liquors, etc; fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this, is the best stand in city;;
sickness the ; cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M., box 100, Call.
: \\T ANTED— IO MEN. EACH WITH $400, OK
* ' one man wl h $4000; active or silent partners,
in a manufacturing business; wi 1 make in three
years I $120,000 and more; security In plant and
property. Inquire for 4 days at 239 Chattanooga
street, city from 8 to 10 o'clock a. m., 2 to 4 p. m.
OR SALE— CHICKEN RANCH DJEAK PET-
-T aluma: 5 acres of land; 5 rooms and basement
cottage; 2 brooder-nouses, 2 incubators, horse and
wagon, tools, implements, 1000 hens: water all
over the place: or. will exchange for city property.
For particulars inquire at 826 Geary st.
<B!7^fl CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
tip I O\J. clearing $90 monthly: living rooms
with all furniture; full value in sight; a chance of
a lifetime; rent $20: must sell: proprietor going
East; no agents. Apply Call Office.
JAH FOR SALE; SPLENDID OPPORTU-
tfcUU. nity; icecream parlor, ca::dy, station-
ery, cigar and tobacco store; good location. Ad-
dress A. PILTZ, San Rafael, Cal., opp. broad-
gauge depot. '
mo BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
X DEMING <fe SHARTS, 737 Market st.
ANTED— SMALL CIGAR STAND AT A
»» bargain. DEMING & CO., 737 Market st.
ffIjQXA BON-TON DINING-ROOM; GOOD
fg)ZnJ\J. paying place. 2724 Sutler; no agents.
4£P»nfi PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT,
i£O\J\J. genteel business: will clear $150 to
$200 a month; no experience required; no ex-
pense to investigate. 917 Market St., room 1.
OOD . OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if Arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137. Call Office.
JAAA FOR SALE: LEADING JEWELRY-
*Ip"tUUU. store: established 4 years; good
trade; best location in city of 5000: good reason
for selling at invoice. .Address box 176. Petaluma.
1?OR RENT— BAKERY, BOARDING AND
-T lodging house; stable; 10 lodging-rooms: 6 liv-
ing rooms; central part of San Matco. Further
particulars inquire T. HIPPEN, San Mateq
OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and chop house for . sale,
cheap; best location in city: proprietor leaving
city. 216 Sixth.
T.IOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— HALF INTE ■ -
-T est in one of the best-paying horseshoeing-shops
In the city; practical man only: will at low thor-
ough investigation. Address P.. box 12, Call.
RANCH BAKERY. GROCERY, NOTIONS,
cheap: good business; 4 sunny rooms; large
yard ; side entrance. ' Corner Jackson and Leaven-
worth sts. ___^__
CI»Ok/1 PARTNER; BUSINESS PAYING $3
tJJ)_OI/. to $5 a day; more than value In stock
and fixtures: no experience. Genuine, box 60. Call
OR SALb-A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
1 cigar sta d, centrally located. Inquire WICH-
MAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay St. ..■■
T?»Oll SALE CHEAP- WELL PAYING TAILOR
JD shop, with good custom trade, 15 Monroe St.,"
near Pine and Stockton. ■ \
IfiOß SALE-GROCERY-STORK., WITH BAR;
'• 3 living-rooms, stable and cellar: rent only
$13; doing a fine business; no agent. Apply Call.
0»Q- AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
<jrO«) with $250 invested: < safe: ■ conservative;
prospectus, proofs, free. F. PALY, 1293 Brdwy.NY
_ 1 B A X E R V , JJ CONFECTIONERY,
tJfIIOU. grocery, coffee parlor; 'also 2 furnished
rooms big bargain; call at once. . 219 Sixth st. '
Fin/m HALF INTEREST IN A WELL-
<Jp_LUvV*. paying brewery; no experience re-
quired. Address Interest, box 59, Call Office. •,.
CIOTJNTY-KOAD BUSINESS . CORN ER TO
\J lease: a bargain to tbe right party; building of
20 rooms: large stable. <: Apply to Call Office.: =-,
ARGAIN; SALOON; 5 BAR RECEIPTS $15
■Jj to $18 dally: rent $20; near San Frauclsco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California St. ; "',>;:.
VESTMENTS ARE RKCEIVED FROM $5
1 up at 217 Sansome si., room 7: ' Interest per an-
num, 10 per cent: . and share, 25 per cent. ■ , -;■. ;,:
ALOON— A VERY GOOD ; CHANCE FOR
man and wife or woman: ion the front. Inquire
NATIONAL BREWING COMPANY..
i |>AKERY; AT A BARGAIN; BAKKS FROM 3
1 > to 4 bbls. of flour dally ; full inspection allowed.
Ceuterville, Alameda County. . , - ■.. _..,. :. v
CIGAR, CANDY AND NOTION STORE: 8
sunny living rooms; lucky one for a bargain;
, 1104 i-'olsom st. ; no agents. "■J?J£ggSsB£SesBSKß&s&£Bli
T>ARTNER. -FOR; BEER-BOTTLING BUSI-
X ness; - experience not necessary. 712 <■ Four-
teenth St., near Market. . . . : '
HE ONLY MoI'EKN IMPROVE D HOTEL
of WO rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTH EX HUSH.
ffl>l P\O BL ' YS ONE OF, THE BEST LITTLE
.»Tp_LOV/. businesses in 'the city; no night or Sun-
day work. ,/ 110 Ellis st. ,- f : /, -
AKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING BUI/
letin for sale; clears $95; S2OOO. Apply 962
JBroaiway, Oakland. : v •
: <B» 1 (\f\ - RESTAURANT: A REAL BAR.
• «iP IUV. gain; good location. Apply D. McRAE
829 Mission st. ■' :, ,r , > .:■ ., '.■ .:■ .;;: ..,--.■■, .:
SALE— CIG AR-STORE.TRANSFER COR-
X ncr; , account of . sickness. Apply Sixth and
-Market sts. ■■■,■•■•■. : . -. - : - ;■:-.■ ■ ■':■:. . . y.^uy ; :,.
ipOR; SALE— BRANCH BAKERY; AND NO-
X tions; 3 rooms; rent $15: must be sold. Applj
Call Office. ; ■:- ■ ■.;_:■.: : '■■ ;-;*:. * /
INTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
-1- will pay $150 per month; price $4000. Applj
thlsoftice. .. / :t ::"/-.. . .' •'.-. '■•■,■
,T7iOR SALE— STORE : SINGER AND
KM- McKay machine. ■ 116 Second st. ".::*:■; • :* -^ ;r-
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A OOD-PA YINO BAKKBY- FOB SALE! IX-
" X quire C. SEIBT, U. S. [ Bakery, : box 326,
Petaluma. . . . •
TUNE CORNER SALOON AND RESTAU-
JJ rant. Fell and Staoyan sts., opp. Golden Gate
Pane.-; -^ ■■ ; '■ ■-■■_-
» l Kfl ; BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS:
tlplOU. rooois; $12. SKIFF * C 0. ,921 Market.
TT<OR UAL SALOON-RESTAURANT CLOSE
.£ to warehouse and factory. Apply 125 Hay st.
OTEL TO RENT; FURNITUKE FOR SALE^
XX;22B Michigan, opp. Union Iron Works.Potrero.
"I UNCHSTAND FOR MONTGOMERY
XJ aye. and Kearny st. Call after 6P. M.
/I ROCKRY AND BAR, TRANSFER CORNER"
VT cause sickness. Apply Call Office. * ■ ■: •:
PAK'IXKK IN GOOD PAYING BUSINESS-
X capital required $100. 1004 Market st., room L
entleman partner wanted by a.
vJ" lady. Room 9, second floor, 122 Pott, st.
T?OR SALE — DOWNTOWN ALOON,~~FOB
X I cash. Address B. 8., box 4. Call Office. •
FITTED "UP LIQUOR-STORE. IN-
Xi quire 732 DevisaderosL. cor. Futon.
LOI>«iJN(i-HOUSES VOX SALE.
0-ROOM HOTEL^fFItAirTCrEXCHA^OE
....:..:..................•........... $2000
9 rooms, only — only 225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments..... 600
20 rooms, corner, only -. 1500
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments 300
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to 5000
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market at. ■
QTENBEKGCO 632 MARKET ST.,
0 OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
12 rooms, sunny corner, 1 f100r....... $ 450
23 rooms, corner, vicinity of Baldwin .... 800
35 rooms, none better, clean $175 120U
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given 800
50 rooms, most prominent corner, 35 offices per-
manentiy rented, 16 rooms pay rent.
8 ROOMS 13501 132 ROOMS $7,000
29 rooms. 600 25 rooms. 600
43 rooms. 800 12 r00m5..... 250
40 rooms. 4,500 28 rooms 550
10 rooms 150 23 rooms 900
UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market st.
T7OR QUICK SALES IN LODGING-HOUSES
r and real estate apply to PHELPS A. CO., 917
Larkin st.
ROOMS: ELEGANTLY FURNISH KD;
chance for desirable tenant; choice; low
rent. 203 Taylor st.
AZ ROOMS: CORNER; BEST LOCATION;
TtO $100 per month clear over all expenses; will
sell at a sacrifice. Address C. ()., box 121, Call.
00 BOOMS AT A BARGAIN: ELEGANTLY
♦->— . furnished: pays $106 a month; trial given.
Address L. H., box 104, Call. ■ ■■
WELL-FURNISHED BOOMS; FULL: LOW
rent: cheap. 904 Howard St., woodyard.
FLK-Ml'lliti Foil SALE.
"t/IBE^AITT ~"wv~»
-T prices stand till goods axe completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves.... 60
Carpets, per yard .".. 55
Linoleum, per yard.... 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till inch time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission bis. J.
NOON AN. .
YEW FURNITURE AND CARPETS FOR 3
iN rooms: flat, cheap, suitable dressmaking busi-
ness or small family. 1232 a Broadway, nr. Hyde.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
J\ lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evening* ■ -^
AlUi CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14:'
\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlne-bedl,
$10; bed- onnges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
/-IUOD FURNITURE, ALMOST NEW, ALSO
VJT best cooking-stove and very best carpets are
to be sold -at a great sacrifice, on account of re-
moval. Call on Sunday or In afternoon during
weekdays at 209 Chestnut St., near Dupont; no
dealers wanted. .
FURNITURE WANTED.
T WANT FURNITURE AND OFFICE FIX-
-1 tures of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
BUCKINGHAM FUKXITURE CO. PAYS
JD highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FORFUHNI-
XX ture. J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; send postal.
mo SELL FURNITURETO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. sILVERSTi!.IN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
T C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
J . est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
TF YOU WANT GOOD FKiCES FOR FURNI-
X turd and merchandise see BUR D, 211 Larkin.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Xj. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash-
«;.V; CARPET CLEANING.
"TONES COl CAja?JtT cijsajs ino~~ani»
J renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
fiAKPET CLEANING, Be. : LAYING, Sc. : RUC*
yj samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum,' 19 Bth st.
f~l RKAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING*
VjT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»f poor wort: send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; teL So. -It).
i lON KLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 43i
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
/"11TY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
/ URPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATEQ
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; UU
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH &CO., successors.
~j E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 1 111
J . I4th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovaiing works. 453 Stevenson: Ml. south 22*
.MUSICAL. ir»S>TKUME.NT^
qpecial Coffer— elegant new piano
tO with beautiful stool and scarf sold at low prices
at $5 per month: satisfaction guaranteed: repre-
senting Hardman, Chase Bros, and other standard
makers. THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
OPECIAL IN DU CEMENTS TO PROSPEO
O live buyers before removal to my own building.
526 Hayes St.: now is your opportunity to buy or
exchange or rent - pianos:' musical instruments at
cost. J. HARRY SCOTT. 929 Market St.
* NOTHER SPECIAL. INDUCEMENT FOR
Ix. purchasing from Sherman, Clay & Ca; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
:uiiranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., cor.
Kearnyand Sutler sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stein way 4 Sons' pianoa.
A CTUALLY THE bkst bargains in-
.a. oianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO. 'S warerooms, 933Marketst.
\\T G. JJAiJOKK, SOLK AGENT FOR HALLET
\ V .<fc Davis and Francis con pianos, 406 Sac'to
Q UPRIGHTS, $100: SQUARE, $75; NEW
O pianos. $175; all musical goods cheap.- MAU-
VA IS, 769 Market at.
CL» I f\(\ FINE HAINES PIANO. BCHMITZ,
i UU. 16 McAllls er St., next Hlbernia Bank.
E FOR BUYING HAINE BROS.', BUSH
D & Gerts and Knab? pianos: at wholesala
prices, a. l. Bancroft & CO.. 324 pqs-. St.
/ WHICKERING, KN ABK, STECK.VOBK, 3TER-
\J ling pianos: see our n -it piano lor $187 ; pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURT A & & SUIT. 18 O'l'arrall.
pLKABAXCK SALE; NKW UPRIGHTS; $150
\j up- everything ut cost, aaU X n , 228 Post.
V HUN MAL/.Y, oiJS POST ST.— SOHMEit,
.Newbr <fc Evt»n*. Irises md other pianos.
OUPERIOR.VIOLIJSb. ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
0 11. MM.^Ei:, ;nak-r. vr.alrer. '1 Latham place.
UOIiSKS. -
TVrXNTED— A LL. GENTLE SADDLE
* » horse for a boy to ride ; must be very cheap.
Address H. H.. box 22, Call Office. -
O AN D WAGON FOR SALE: CHEAP.
1619 Powell st.
VI L'ST BE SOLD— ALL THE WAGONS.CARTS,
buggies, surreys, rockaways and horses in.
livery stable at 3114 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
ORSu-S AND WAGONS— FINE DRIVING
and riding horse; sound and gentle. 148
Bartlettst. ■.
RAUGHT HORSES : FOR SALE OR E_>
XJ cbauge. Apply at 38 California st.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of . good harness, our < wn make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 11 McAllister at.. S. F.
"I TA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X.O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, uugsies, suntiys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold, li'^B Mission st
£.(\f\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
<J\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.wacon. carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses, ioth and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FOtl SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
rt\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade lior*«
Market, 327 Six.h su ; auction sales every VVedne»«
cay. SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; s"KNI> t'OU. CIRCU-
)»r. Th" Hvrto p.ani-h. tiSO '"— m "rclal St.
■y,\i. WAbo.Vi A.MJ CARKIAOES.
V"E\V i'HAE.OX FOR SALE CHEAP. 83«
J.l | Devlsadero St., near.McAUUter.
}?OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
r carriages of ever* dcsc lptlon; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bth st., S. *.
LIGHTLI SOILED DRIVING GLOVES:
sampler H. M. 11 I MA N, 109 Sansome st.
EW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
i.^I dry, milk and grocery wagons; also rocKaway
and 2 fine buggies. E2B Harrison st.
SIOKAGE. '
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
,TT»UKNITUR_. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
A B. BMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
A'; low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
,■.-.: V .TYPEWRITERS. :
T>EMINGTON, 840. $35: SEND FOR SAMPLE
XV work. SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery..r-Xsj*'*'' TTOtTSKS TO T,KT.
HOUSES TO nKxF'l-'ou LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
1 7 07~ ° NEAR BROADWAY-HOUSE
X I \J I of 4 rooms; sun all day; $14.
91 07 BUSH— HOOHB 8 80031 ti AKD BATH i
■~J-'-M 1 lit reasonable. Call 10 to 4. on premises.
97^ft TWKNTY-THIRD. Hampshire
Z. I —6 rooms ; bath : yard : rent»ltt.
LOWER PART OK HOUSE TO Lh.t; KENT
cheap. 908V3 Post st. ■ ■
'711 -SUTTEH ST., NEAR .TAYLOR-
I X i. choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable.
APPKKCIATKD IF SKKX: CHOICE FOR
doctor ordresamaker. 829 V& Gutter., or. Jones.
*1 } PAGE— HOU&E OFS ROOMS AND LARIiE
-I ■£ stable. _*_!
PLENDID 12-KOOM HOt T r-F.'. 3392 WENT -
k-J first street, cor. '. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence : very >""' rent **»• It.
tOTIA(.;.S l«» I-l^i".
SMALL, HEW, BBKSHT- OR v \ 1 t.L BELL, #50
cash, $10 ma THE Met' A RTH V C 0..646 -Mia
at 1 9~8 N N y~» or a! *. 5~ KOOJIS a d
O LA. stable: suitable for txpressman. 2433 Post.
OnQ POTKERO AYE., NKAR TWENTIETH
QUO st.— Cottage 6 rooms and bath-: rent $16: a
bargain. BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <fe CO., 218
and 'I'ZQ Montgomery st. '
USSY COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT;
stable; very cheap. 1303 Baker su, nr. Geary.
XX U ATOM A— SUNNY COTTAGE; 4 BOOMS
000 and bath; large yard; 'rent reasonable.
<fl» 9 310 NOK ST., 5 ROOMS, NEWLY
<p~,i). renovated; bath, stable, basement.
riOTTAGE. 4 ANi) 5 BOOMS; BATH: BASE-
\J merit and yard, (or nolores and Fifteenth sts.
FVBXISU£D FLATS.
]^TONIBHJEBH6cF?i4 sTfI^TwATK R
J free. 75 Federal st.. off 2d,het.Bryant<fcßrannan.
FLATS to Ltl.
350 MIKSiA. NKAK FIFTH : 5 ROOMS
OiO. and bath. ASHTON A GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
&17 NEW BAY-WINDOW MODERN FLAT
•? 1 4 . of 5 light rooms; bath, gat, tubs. 909
Folaom st., near Fifth. ;.;
1 {' RAYS H, NR. HOWARD— NICE SUNNY
J-U flat, 3 rooms: large yard; cheap rent..
A ROOMS AND " BATH : $18: FINE VIEW.
1 6 Reed at.; key 1325 Washington, nr. Jones.
(J]Q SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH A^D
«JpJLO. yard. 12 Shotwell st,, near Fourteenth.
USSY FLAT, CORNER OF POLK AND Me-
Allister sts.; 3 rooms; rent $16.
<3»90 FINE UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
t&J^O. bath. 619 t»3cond St. _^
LOWER FLAT 4 ROOM*, BATH. YARD. 25
-Lj Lapldge st , bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
CJIM FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
O !"• stable. 41*2 Eureka St., bet. Twenty-first
and Twenty-second- .
90 RINCON PLACE, RINCON HILL, OFF
— O Hairlson St., b»ttveen First and Second— Half
of sunny house: fireplaces in parlors; view of bay.
TVTEW FLAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH.
i> 1232V 2 Folsom St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.|
\IODEBS SIN. NY UPPKR CORNER FLAT,
J.YJ 6 rooms, bath, stable. Corner Hattie and Mer-
rltt, bet, g-evf nteenth and Klghteemh gts. - •
17<LAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT 16.
. 248 Clara si. Key at grocery.
C-Q ANDS9;4ANDS ROOM FLA 12 WEST
<pO Mission st. NICOL, 534Va California st.
IT" L ATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st. •
4 SUNNY, MODERN T FLATS. 747, 749. 731,
735 Capp st., bou Mission, Howard, Twenty
second and Twenty-third: contain 6 and 7 rooms,
bah, mantle, fireplaces, separate yards, etc.; rent
$'20 and $22 50: water free: key car. Twenty-
third at. Apply O'FaRRKLL & CO.. HMontgy.
CJ9 AND 544 SANCHEZ, NEAR NlNE-
i)ia teenth— 4 rooms, bath each; good as new.
C9O FOLhoM— LOWER^FLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
0 NEW SUNNY MODERN FLATH— 92S GOLD-
£ «n Gate »vf., $23; 142U/i Hayes St., »18.
1 H\ti POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
-L iUU flats; garden, bath; $13 and $16. .
SUNNY. FLAT— 3 ROOMS, $12; 611 SECOND
St.; water free; key 515 Second st.
VI, AT; 6 ROOMS: . BATH; GOOD MARINE
i view. 2106 Leavenwor;h jt., be:. Filbert and
Greenwich.
CM GROVE, NEAR FJLLM ORE— LOWER
I I- flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly 'pa-
pered; Mill; basement: yard: $25.
"qT7» WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPER
0 A *'• modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Castro cars. 4073 Twenty-third st.: key 4075.
TAESIHABLB SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
3 633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and liou^ii: tmai, in-
cluding water. £43 &0.
Tvh.U FLAT, 6 IiOOMS ANU. BATH; . $12;
i-'l water free. 529 Ivy aye.
}^LKtSANT NKW FLA 'Is, S.KVHNTH ST., BE-
-I■J low Hn'»n:. 5 and 6 rwinn. I)k;ji: SH 10 816.
liousiitliili'iJG KOOMs.
Uevisadero Street.
or rr DEVISADERO, COR.. OAK— 2 OR 3
Ot)| large sunny corner rooms, partly furnished,
for mac and w.fe: light housekeeping; references.
Ell is Street.
09 ' ELLIS— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
«J— 'J parlor suite ; housekeeping rooms: first floor.
7 f\(- ELLIS — SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR OF
4 V/U 3 rooms; other front suite complete for
housekeeping or single.
Fell Street.
Q"I FELL— 2 PLEASANT FRONT ROUMS;
Ol light housekeeping: no children: reasonable.
t Xl th Street.
Oil A FIFTH~2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
Oil rooms: running water: bath; private; $8.
fourth tieet.
JQX FOURTH— CORNER SUITE SUITABLE
lOu for light housekeeping; reasonable. . '■:
AQ7 FOURTH— 2 OK 8 ROOMS FURNISHED
riU I for housekeeping: private family. <
t>oiueu <>Hi" A«ellu«,
■jn/7 GOLDEN GATE A COMPLETELY
Ii)l 4 furnished: every convenience: garden,
bath, etc .-._''.
Howard Street;
CO' HOWARD — 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
O£O complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
£>en iioWABD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AMD
OtJv/ kitcnen; furnishei for housekeeping.
f)Ai)[\ HOWARD— 4 OR 5 BUNNY BOOMS;
Zrx+Ai furnished housekeeping; line location;
nice house ;. garden : $25.
Jessie Street.
Q9/4 JEBSIF-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
OiJt housekeeping; 10.
/IQQ JESSIE, NEAR MINT— 2 SUN.VY IrUR-
rtOO niahed housekeeping rooms; also single;
cheap. . -- : ■■
Leavenwonli street.
imK LEAVENWO*TH-3 UNFURNISHED
±.\JX*J rooms with bath for housekeeping; $10.
' Market Stree..
nnQA MARKET— FURNISHED
ZUt/U front parlor suite: bath: gas; kitchen.
Ax l una si reel. ~ ~~
rVn MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
<Jt:O pletefor bonsekeepingi large yard.
797 MINNA, NR. NINTH— B UNFURNISH-
-4 Zi 4 ed rooms; yard and wool shed; $8.
lb ittlon »• !■*■,
QQQ MISSION — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
COO room, moaernly furnished, $9; also oth-
era, $7.
n'ij MISSION — 2 FRONT ROOMS Ft li-
VOO nlshcd for housekeeping. ■ • ,
Mpsk Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, -NR. SEVENTH— 8
iO furnished rooms for housekeeping.- - - ■
>atom;t Street.
C%QA NATOM'A, NEAR FOURTH-3 FUK-
_iO^r nisbed housekeeping rooms; very con-
venient. - :• _ ■ ... -j ■' : - -
rf\\ > \TOMA-a FURNISHED FRONT
OUt) rooms for Housekeeping; also single.
" ~~~ Oak Street.
Q1 OAK-SUNxNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
O.L keeping; also single rooms; hath.
Fine Street.
7A/J PINK -3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
4 v/ 1 housekerplnit; also 1 sunny furnished room.
i'ost Street.
7 1 CtPOST-UNFUnNISIIED LOWER FLOOR,
4 I «J Whole' or par., for housekeeping.
huutt Street. - I
1 fil A RCOTT-aOk 4 HUN NY ROOMS; UN- I
I UjL-± furnished; bath; garden, etc. Call P., m. I
fcecoiHl (Street.
A 99 SECOND-SUIT SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
*J Z.j-1 ing room?, furnished; others, 94 up; bath;
laundry. ' '' ; . ' ' . ■.■'•}'■
."lock ton street. : .
-1 rrf\n STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY R.OOMS FTJR-
-1 I Ui) Dished complete for boiisckp;: yard: $10.
/-^OLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD- SINGLE
\J suites; light housekeeping; $5 up; brick bjdjr.
THIRD - SUNNY )(' .1 SI X ".KKPINIi
OVH rooms, $10: single. $5 up; ba:h and tuba.
OOA THIRD-* UNFURNISHED ' IIOUSW- I
• ).)t keeping rooms; good accommodation; I
water free; $6. |l
HOUSKKKKPING BOOMS — Continued.
Twenty-sixth Street.
OQKQ TWENTY-SIXTH-HOUSEKEEPING;
<'i'«JO rooms, every convenience, *8 to *10!
Single rooms. $4 and $5. -• • ■ ,
KOOMS TO LKT.
' -.uuy mueu.,
WA EDDY— LARGE ROOM; GRATE; RUN-
Oo\> ning water; 87; single. $1 a week.
- •»-*J."th :\l«o..
QHFRMAT ArAHTMKST HOUSE, ?H «TH
0 «-■ near Market: inrnlahert is ml unfurnished.
.Eleventh Streeet.
m ELEVENTH - SMALL FURNISHED
room *4 month.
i-iiis Street.
THR RAMON A. 130 KLLIS: MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <£ cola water.
00 I ELLIS, NKAR. TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O«~i i lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
fiQft ELLIS-NEAT. ROOM. 810: GENTLE-
VJU\J man; irivnte family; bath; no children;
references required.
Folsom Street.
79X FOLSOM-LARQE SUNS FURNISHED
I UO front room, suitable for one or two: $ 6.|
vikfyiMroil,.
OJ 71 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOMS; KEY 217.
OAT GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED BUNNY
UK rooms; central; reasonable: new corner rial.
MIHE MARTINET HAS CUAM4KD HAjNDS;
-L handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 10
mouth up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Howard Street.:
COT HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALL
< '— • 1 kinds; $1 a week up: also transient.
1 Q.f\i< HOWARDS'!"., COR. FOURTEENTH—
X OUU 3 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms; $8.
Ivy Avenue.
QAQIVV AVK., BET. HAVES AND GROVE
Out/ —Nicely furnished front room with grate;
8 5 a month; German family. ■ . .
oessie street.
AIR JESSIE — 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
110 neatly furnished for housekeeping. . :■
Jones Street.
9fi7 .■'ONES — THE VAN WINKLKi NEW
—v ' ■ management . elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly iurnlshed; ba:n. etc: 810 to »30.
i.ttrny Mreo..
OH KEARNY— FURNISHED FRONT SUITE
fJ\J and single rooms; electric lights; tourists
solicited. ■ -
A riLINOTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
/l Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; Urst
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
Laikm Mreut.
1 7 I 7 LARKIN-HALL ROOM; So MONTH;
1111 references. ■ ■
3.»ite-t -;r««...
7Q7 M4«K E T — NICELY FURNISHED
1 O 1 front and single rooms; day, week or month.
V OSfcMITK HOUSE, 1 04S~S1 AKKKT- PER
1 night, Sso to »1; week. $1 £0 10 $5: families.
Sliuua : -»tre«»i.
CCn MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UDi nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
O'i-arrell »tf«et.
©TO LARGE FRONT ROOM; PRIVATE
«Jpl*i. family: within 1 block Powell and O'ifar-
rell. Inquire Creamery. 207 O'Farrell st.
Oak Street.
1 A OAK-SINGLE ROOM; SUITABLE FOR 3
XTt boys: reasonable.
Page street.
Ol (* PAGE-2 NICE FURNISHED ROOMS;
OX quiet home.
l'Oik Struoc.
"I 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
-LI or single: $a to $ia: housekeeping. ,
. second Street.
OA9 SECOND— FURNISHED FRONT
— I'— room; suitable for two; cheap.
Sixth Srie,,
Ino SIXTH ST.— NICELY FURNISHED,
lvO sunny rooms: clean, quiet: $5 up.
mSIXIH- CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely furnished double and single rooms.
. .. Stevenson Street.
fiO-OPERATiVE HOUSE, 828 STEVENSON—
\J Rooms clean aiid cheap: readlng-fotfm.
- -.-tuiier *ireec. •—• ■ ■ ■ - • • ■ '
1 1 J.R GUTTER, CORNER POLK LIGHT
XI T:O housekeeping; nicest rooms; lowest
price: transients,
QAQ feUTTER— FPRNISHKD ROOMS OR
OUO suites. 8125 to $10 a week; ulsrht, 250 to
$1 50; transients solicited.
7f)Q SUTTEH, COK.TAYLOR-ELEGANTLY'
i VO newly furnished sunny run.; suite or single.
'iayior Street.
"I aQ TAYLOR. near MARKET-NICELY
Xv/O furnished sonny front room, cheap. I
] r»tj TAYLOR-DOUBLE PARLORS^ BEP-
X\JO arate beds; all conveniences; single 81 60
a week.
Miscellaneous.
SUNNY SUITE AT THE WINDEMERK,
cor. Bush and Van Ness aye., '2 or 3 rooms and
bath.
IiOAIUJINti A>l> ICOOMS.
Bo"AXD^AIrb~iro'uM^I'RT\ ; ATE~FA'MiLY;
best residence par' of city; couples preferred.
Address Private, box 69. Call.
q^OI SEVENTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO
* J:IUJ - —Sunny furnls ed room in private fam-
ily, with use 01 bath, for 1 or 2 ladles, with or with-
out board.
OTi-.1, BEKTLINO. 714 i;UHH-A FAMII.V
not«li referent-US glveu »ua required, all oioU-
»rn con yon If . ■
CIULDKEN BOAItIJKI>.
\\ r OCLD TA^^HiLITTo^BOARDrTT^IAK
'' St., near Van Ness are.
STOKE:* TO Mi.
for butcher shop; rent reasonable.
STORE «04% ELLIS; SUITABLE FOR
O plumber or tailor «hop. Apply at grocer r.
GOOD CORNER, WITH OK WITHOUT
rooms, ana place for horse; cheap rent; suit-
able for any hnwinesi. . Eighteenth an') Capn.
OITFICJC3 TO LET,
90 KEARNY— FINE FURNISHED ROOMS
■^O and offices to let; gules house.
SPRKCKELS BUILDING, oaf" MARKET- '
0 Elegant sminv offices, 812 60 up; electrlo-llght;
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. I.MIISKN «fe CO.. 14 Montgomery st. /
' MKDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LAIJIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Banks
consult free: French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. U. to 5 p. v. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RB-
stored in a few hours: taf» and mire relief
rnaranteed; travel*™ helped without delay; pri-
vat« home in confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult tha
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save Uem
and expense; consultation free and confidential!
MHH DR. WYKTH. Post St.. near Larkln.
AN PROCESS— NO MEIJICINE, INS TRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician . for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home; all case^ guaranteed :
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. fOPPKR. 818 Kearny st.
LADIES, CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH PENN Y-
royal Tills ( Diamond Brand) afe best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief fof Ladies," In letter by return mall;
at druggist's. ChichesterCbeoj. Co., Philadelphia.
ALPHA U'» FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
■ft- ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; J»a 50 express K.O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BIOS., Oakland, Cal. ■■,■■■-•
IP OR M EN-'a'REl-iN'.N GUARANTEED CURE;
x greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 KdJy st. -
OURE ( it.k FOR ALL. FKMALE DtI*EABE:-i,
»sj from whatever cause; a Home Ir. confinement
MRS. e DR ry G C vn f K r R : , SBRT& *
DRH. GOODWIN, HISEASKS WOMEN spe-
cialiy; unexcel ed In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement- nest care-
tow.feei;: pills $a. Movwd 10 904 McAllister st -
MRS. Dlt. AVEGENKR TAKES"LADIEST«:
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good hornet; trials all irrjnale complaints or
irregularities successfully. . 419 Eddy st.
<S^nn FOR BVKKIf FAILURE TO CURK;
<£pO\J\J eye diseases successiuilv treated. Ladies.
consult free MRS. DR. SCOIT, 218 Powell iu-h-
-1 \R. HALL, 14 MCALLJI S I'ER SI'RKET.NEAR
As Jones. Diseases Of women and children.
MR-." J. A. aiHaKI), Jilb'wiKK-HOMK'; IN ■
confinement: 25 yrt' experience. 655 Mission. I
RS. M. E. ROD'JiiRS, PRIVATE HOJIK IN I
confinement: . erms reduced. 929 Howard st. I
IF IRRKUULAR OK ANY >K.\| ALb .01 -EAhE II
see MR-J.DIL Fl'iJ'l'Z and beconteut- i.^4l/2 4tli. ■
PRIVATE IN CONIr'I S"kMKNT. MR* I
1 DR. I'U.SCKK, 1416 iiiguiu at., Alamedt, II
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
EDUCATIONAL.
TPadTfromlosdon aniTpauis~tkach^
XJ es piano, singing, French: $3 mo. IOOa Polk.
MKS. MKLViLLK BN YDKR, 715 POST. ST.;
' vochl music; piano:., elocution; practical
Shakespearean nod general dramatic acting a
specialty; vocal classes, Monday, B p.m. ;$1 month.
LOCUTION AXD DRAMA: : DELSARTE
■*-* thoroughly taueht; appearances arranged: 1 to
8 P.M. OLIVE HI>FF-SCHRI>EDER, '299 Hyde at.
STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET .ST.,
offers unsurpassed advantages- and induce-
ments In shorthand, bookkeeping, pt-nmanshlp,
typewriting, English ; branches, ■ languages, c;
expenses less than at any other college. : LkON
&nd LULA BTIEHL, proprietors. -■;■>!,<:
A% REs>\ lilt LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery at.: Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: Ufa
scholarship 50; low rates per week and month.
OOKJiPNU, WlillNu, ARITHMTC. «KAMK
iltoy it night; nocla<s<>9; 95 month. 84 Mia slog
A/} R. <& M US. KoL \M EH, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market. St.. opp. Mason
T, KLA.>CO'.-* LYCKU M OOL OF ACTING—
1 ' Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. v. F. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, C I V L, MINING, M E.
*-> chanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
assay^estab. '64. VAN DERNAILL.KN, 723 Mkt,
"ENGLISH. FRENCH. GERMAN. PtANO,
■LJ painting, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1428 Hyde.
PIANO LESSONS; PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIO
Congervatory ; mid.t«rma.J.i,ANGE,liO HyOe.
"VTEQATIVE KE!OU»:HING TAUGHIV MISS
fi L. FUKRSTNOW. 131 Post St.. fifth floor. -
1- X. SAOKET, TEACHER OF BANJO, 129
-*^ • Third st., San Francisco. -■■ • _■■»_-■
TTRB \N SCH.UOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.'.
*~> opens July 27, 189tt. N. W. MOORB , Prln.
A LMA K. HYKR, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN'-
A Jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17 : hours Btolo p. M.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons^ $3 mo. MAKY WKsTHAUH. 39 Fifth.
T>ROFESSORG. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
J- violin, guitar, mandolin, I ar.io. 1707 Mar -et.
BICYCLES. ,
IpOR SALE-NKAV 1896 BrCiCLET~S3a
' DAVID N.HAWLEY, 318 Market St.
EIOHT NKVV 1896 WHEELS, $35 CASH
each. 113 Battery at.
EN HI) TANDEM, ALMOST NEW: TRIB~
line, $60: Cleveland, $40; Rambler. $40: Ben
Hur, ladles', tip. DA VIS BROS., S5 Geary si. .
V OSEM ITE TANDEM ALMOST NEW, $85:
-«- bicycles less than cost. W. CRANE. 3^4 Post.
T W INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
O . Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
i, aroaTx IN a STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
>-> single wheels. 806 Post st. ■.'■■■'.
pARK CYCLERV— NEW WHEELS TO XjBT;
-I- best accommodations. Termiatu Ueary, ito
Alllster and Powell st. c-nr lines.
fOiL SALE- aUSCIiLLAXEOUs..
1?OR SALE— fine greyhoij^dT^inquire
-L at 231 Ash aye., near Franklin st.
1 H. P. REGAN ENGINE, GOOD AS NEW;
JPIOO. Apply 215 Bar St. ;--r: ; : -.- -
T>ICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9Tn^
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c. ; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 26c; 16x20, 80c: 18x22, -35c.; 20x
24, 46c: 22x28 in., 60c. JoNKB, 547 Miss on st.
VOli SALE— COM I»LKTE SODA FOUNTAIN
■I and outfit, includlne milkshake and icecream
boxes; almost new; installments or cash. Inquire
at New Creamerie. 725 Market st. -
ARBER-SHOP FIXTURES CHEAP. 871
13 Market st. ..; -. ' .. \ '
SMALL SCOW; NEW: SELL OR EXCHANGE
0 for city lot. 410 Maple su
VINE SODA-FOUNTAIN. FREEZER, GLASS-
X 1 holders: very cheap. 1 59 SecoDd. :• ■ " : , ■■ ■
pABINET - MAKER'S OUTFIT; BENCH,
\J tools of every kind; a fine outfit cheap; also
complete hunting outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
1 -HOi:SEPnWER~~RKOAN ENGINE; GOOD
i as new; $100. Apply 215 Bay St.
ONE OR TWO HORSKPACIFICGAS OK(«A8-
-ollne engines: second hand Al order. Address
W. P. G, box 107. Call Office. * ■
C? I HA BUILDING ON LEASED LOT: SUIT-
<& 1 I/", able for grocery. W. CRANE, 834 Post.
IP>OR SALE— AN ARK, 26x11Tf"EET. APPLY
1 307 Bryant. , . .-=. .■ .-.■..■
■ JARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHi.LV-
-1) ing, etc.. bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
SPLENDID REMINGTON WRITER,
$45: others from $-20 up. REVALK, 309 Cai.
GOOD -SECOND- lIAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. BAN FORD,
415 Washington Rt. : . .
T>OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY,
IJ waterpipes Mclntosh «fc Wolpman. 137 Beaie.
i"V your baby carriages a>» have
them repaired: separate ports sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage M't'a. Co.. 44 - Sixth.
ACIFIO GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
X order- 2 Adam* pf tg presses: power 616 Mission
C 1 O N T It S. - eIIKI.VI NU, • SHOWCASES
) bough sod. 1121 Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
i -UILDiNUS BOUGHT! LUMBER, SASUb^ .
' > doom, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1168 Mission. \ i
XJB SMAJiL AlElilUAl. AND LAROK
tire and bnrel.-.r proof safe. 103. 11l Market i:.
JMRE AND iJURULAR IsAFr; LKTTEK-
JL press, platform scales and desk :(hoan. ](M Clar
\ t EVVRaNuEsJ CHEAPER THAN SECo3<i>"
1> hand. W. .s. RAY M far Co.: 12 California «c
,- SeViXO MACHINES. r
IJTkINIw'bO U(3HtTB6ID, EX CII A n'g ED,
-r\. r*nt*d, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
■VTEW FAMILY singers FOR RKNT, $1 -50
-l-i p«r month: V. S. >-lnger'<, g2. 1559 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
IT AN A THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman hag Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate: she ad-
vises you ou speculation, business Affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: She reunites the separated ;
causes speedy and happy marriage wi;h the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
•nt, card- reader, born v.-lth a donole vellan-1
second sight; ladies sOc, gents '91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St.. nr. Jones.
I JET URN El), WORLD-RENOWN MMli
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: price* moderate. H56 Mission.
ME. A KMT, Bii.sr FORTUNE 'I'KLLER IN
the world: 50c and (1, shows you the blctureot
your tnture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Markes
rs. Barrett, business ; reader-.
come and hear the truth; 26c up. 1035 Mar-
ket, room 5. ; , . . ■-
MISS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkln si.. ro>rn 2. ■-. ■
VI ME. MO RE AC, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
i'l past, present, future: 25c. up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVKNAItE ADS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business vice; names given :25c up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED; SITTINGS
dally: 25c up. a4oVfe Sixth St., rooms 6 and 7.
MME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
}T3 Kearny, now 929 POst; fee $1: letter $2.
GYPBY LIFE-READER, 'REMOVED FROM 6
seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 60c.
ME." RAYMOND, CLAIRVOYANT, CARI?
reader and magnetlßt. 1153 Market, room 1.
TUBS. KNIGHT, "CLAIRVOYANT, card
l'J- reader: fee 50c; ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
ME. uKOKTTR- PRESENT, PAST AND
future; asc. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ViJIE. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLK To
i'» grave: Indies. 25c: ernts. 80c.' 914 o'Farrell.
* M'lian.MJs.u. '
V" VERITABLE QUEEN AHONU WOHENI9
MRS. DR. A. Dl HOWE.
FEK $1 A UPWARD! FEE *1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! '
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
•yet Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read : this and learn - that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped 80 many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past, is
again at her old office*. 1820 Market street, San
Francisco, and is ■■ now as ready as ever to assist
every : suffering mortal who will either cull on of
write to her. • Your whole lire revealed; snecesi
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: urn
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wii'a
or lover In uutruu consult tier at, once. , Her tran-
scendent power Ik as far above those poor | mortals
who try io imitate her as the eternal heavens aro
bleh above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Mhedoe*
not know what failure means! Her "ReVealeit
Medicines" ' (registered and ' copyrighted) ;.- cure
every disease | that I human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of how long ■ staiKllntj. ■■ Write if you can- \
not call, tor treatment oy mail Is always most suo :
cessful and satUfac'ory. " All letters answered. ,'
>-■'-* Diseases diagnosed from a luck of hair. . :
FEE *1 A UPWARD! FEK. $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D.HOWE, V
18a0 Market nu, onp. Seveulh.
. . . :."■ Ban irmitlsco. ,
* T FRIENDSHIP HALL, 826 MCALLISTER—
rv Mrs. C J. Meyer, circle lues , Fri., 2 p. m. slttgH.
RS. KATE INS TO-NIGHtT
2-c: 136 Oak St.- /T - ; ; :
rO-NIOHT Katie Meussmann'hugrand
J. test meeting nt 82d McAllister; admission free.
r~EST ■•,< CIRCLE • TO-NIGHT, l()c, MME*
X Youtig, 605 McAllister at.: skeptics Invited. ?.?»■»
\m HR. FULTON. MATERIALIZING- beaNce
IVI to-nlgn t. 60Q. : sUs dally. .31 Fell Rt. :■: -
ADDIE SWAIN,- ASTRAL- BKE'h! 844 Mc-
Allister St.: slUmgg to ladies, 1 to 8 p. m.
A HRIVED-MRS. HANSKN: READS HEAD
V. and I palm, also I cards; price 25c and * upward.
.48 -ixih St., room 6. .■---'- ■ ■ ■> v ; ;■ .; -\-, k:!
1. ISHOP GARRISO ■-, 1370 MARKKT: HEAN-
■>; re*. Tnesdav, Friday even's,' 2,'n-; 10 to 4 daily. |
RS.SDH. MIRANDAS: THE CELEBRATED I
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market st. II
M KATE HOMKINH, TRANCi'. AXDBL'SI- II
.VI ness medium; sittings daily; $1. £.136 Oak St. II
T '■-.;• M. FRA.N CIS, ' INDEPENDENT HLATE- II
:\ . writer. 118Halghtst; hours 9 until fl p.m. I
L~i FE-RE A PINGS BY RE V*rMßi HO 'VfLASir ||
li«..ii"muBt.vvariori; 1
T^FORMATION AS TO THE
1 whereabouts < of I»EORUK! SHEA, formerly of
Hamilton, Canada, /on of -MABV SHEa. widow,
and- who Is s now supposed to be in California.
Dated July 25. 189-. STAUNTON &5 O'HEJK,
Barristers, 24 James Bt. S., Hamilton. Canada.
RESPECTABLE GENTLEMAN. 40; bTRANO-
-_\< er in the city :- would like to meet a pleasant
lady . with < same quality: ■ American, ; French or
Spanish (no oilier); object stated on acquaintance.
Address M., box 308, Call Office. ' . -
fmiE PIONKEK, HAN JOSE, CAL,; ONLY *1
la ear; a readable journal ; devoted to pioneer
days, sketches, reminiscences, biographies; an ex-
cellent advertising medium. _ ■.- ' ■ ; .■
iSATARRIi — SEW .SCIENTIFIC TREAT-
\J men*; positively cures all cases. B. ( box 3a,
Call Olllce. ■■>■-•■■-.■ ;■'-"■■-': -.-•>•••-. ■■-•■"■■-.-r t -
DVICE < FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HO WE,atty-at-luw, 850 Market St.
OST- RELIABLE marriage BURKAU
for ladles and " gentlemen; fee 26c. call on
MRS. AhNDT, 4 Twil.th St., cor. Mnrltet. -.■-,-■,:
MISS M. JULANA ROLLINS, MKNTALMAG-
netIc healer; test medium. 850 Market, t. 80-31
\>BA.ND AND WIFE LAWS. EXPERl-
enced Lawyer, 10-7 Market St., above Sixth \
room 6. " ' ■■; • : -'•'''-'-'■' - r - :; \ l -.-
KARMB.I.EDEKER-HAVK HAD XO MOKE
XJ trouble wkh falling hnir or dandruff since I
commenced using your '•Qbl.\ ON 1 a .'• Cbnsidt r
It the best Hair lonic I ever tried. ■■•• QUINONI A"
is sold by O. LKDh>KEK, 111 Stockton. Price 35 C .
\i\fU\ BUSINESS. CAKD-S PiUN'IED $1 50:
1 \J\J\! show cards, etc. HiLL, 22% Geary
St., room 39.: .'■ '•'■■• . ' -■'. . . :. ■; :
ALL FACIAL BLEMISH KS«, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leaven worth.
PARISIAN MILLINERY " SCHOOL. FULL
-L course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class foiming. 8 Golden Gate aye.
A'TCHd. JEWELi'.Y REPAIRING. STONE
engravinir, monoarßms,crest»;lowprioes:work
guaranteed.- J. N. BRITTAI\, 20 Geary st
"\7"ELVET AND CLOTH ■> CAPES BELOW
■ V manufacture, cost.' 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
ON SUMPTION TREATED; NEW METHOD"
\J DH. AMERICAN, -6y 3 Geary St.; 12 to 2:30.
, o MEN * S : ELECTRIC SANITARIUM*
»» rooms 63 Maze building— and scientific
methods for promoting heal beauty, con. free.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illusirat on; day and even!
Classes: instructors. J. H. K. l'artlncton, Ger rude
Partington. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pin*.
HS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest- toilet articles, l'^tt Kearny at., room 47. ■ ■
T>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICONSHOVV KVK-
X) ry night cor. Market «nd Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertleements in living light; promoters of bu_-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
/V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloak*, Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CH ll.D's, 213-215 Mason St. : open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House. 44 Third st, near Market
200 rooms, _5c to SI 60 per night: $1 60 to 98 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties,' $15 : upward. ~ Cut-rate
TalO'lus Company,! 117 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
AZOR-FIXINO OUR Special i V; FINE
edge put on razor, Razor Excb_<>,_3UM_rxet
*I IKK-lAJ- AbVAA'L'hSoS DIAMOND^ j_. vV
XJ>lry. etc.; lowest rates.'"- *4H Market St.
OLD aOLbTilljVliiß, GENTS' AND -LADIES'
clothing nought. COLMAN. 41 Ho for. .I**,*]*.
_______ ___________
I)UKSSMAK-KS.
D^"^S^"s- UP: W K aT'PERS'bo^CEN IS UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma St.. above sixth.
. LUST. ~
6^T_^N^X^T?IEI^X)NT^oTrTnOM
Rnn Francisco, money wrapped In newspaper.
Return to Bth floor Mills building, rm. 17: reward.
PUG DOG; NAME NIP. RETURN TO B7 TE-
-1 barn. St.: reward.
LOST — BLACK GREYHOUND BITCH,
_ white tip on tail; liberal reward. 1738 Mis-
sion St. ;'..'""
I"" O«T-a PASSJiUOKS|WITH THE HIBERNIA
J Savings and Loan society of .^an Francisco in
the names of NORA BAGWELL (No. 163-141B)
and PATRICK KAOWKLL (No. 184,866). The
tinder will please return to bank. ;
JOST— A PASSBOOK WITH the hireknia
-i Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of HUH v RT W. or FANNIE SLEEP-
ER, No. 117,-:'.-. The finder will please return to
bank^ ■..-■■ <f ■ .- -■'- . ■ ■
LOST— FORESTER'S BADGE MARKED "J. F.
- JOHNSON." Return 200 Fourth st; liberal
reward. :: '•'•'• : . - : - .;. -
LOST—GOLD EYEGLASSES AT LUHLINE
baths; reward. 320 Sanaome St., room 'AS.
LOST— As PABBBO'IK~WITH THE HIBER*-
-1-i nia i Savings and Loan Society of S«n Fran-
cisco, In tho name of EUGKNK DANNESBaUM,
No. 190.794. The finder will please return to bank.
lO3T— A BOOK WITH THE HIBKR *IA
- Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of HANoRA or KATIE O'BRIEN, No.
164-1253. The finder will please return to bank.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR , 5 CENTS — tJ_M
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
;■;"■; ■■: -■■: TRUSTEES' ; SALES. ' ;'-/.
rpRUbTEES' AqCOR^DANCE^vITH
i the terms and Under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duty executed by TOBIAS M. r.IN-
DEMAN, party of the firsi part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THAD-EV- B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
December 29th, 1887, and recorded In the office of
the County Recorder Of the Cltv and Countr of san
Francisco, State of California, in Liber 1275 of
Deeds, at pages 65, and following: and in pur-
suance of a resolution passed on the 2*l day of
January, 1886, by « the -■ Board of Directors of
said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a
corporation, and the holder of the notes (No. 8636),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust .was executed, declaring that default had
been made In the payment of the principal sums,
and other sums, due under said notes ana deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and . THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness! .-'•> ■■■ ■•.•-■;--.;
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. XX.NT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of August, A. D. 1896. at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of £*ston, Eldrldye A Co., No. «;S8 Market
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin or the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land sit-
uate In the City and County of San Francisco, State
Of California, described as follows, to wit: - - .
Commencing at the corner formed by the inter-
section of the southerly line of laci^c street with
the easterly line of Mason street, and running
thence easterly, along said line of Pacific street,
one hundred and three feet two inches (103 and
_•__ feet): thence at right angles southerly, sixty-
two feet six inches (62 and 12 feet); thence a;
right angles westerly, twenty-seven feet eight
Inches (37 and 8-12 feet); thence at right angles
southerly, ten feet six Inches (10 and 6-12 feet):
thence at right angles westerly, seventy-five feet
and six Inches (75 and 6-12 feet), to said easterly
line of Mason Street; and thence northerly, along
the I_st-natnel line, seventy-three (73 feet), to the
point of coram"ncement:
Being portion of flfty-vara lot number thrta
hundred and thirty-live (335) :
- Together with the appurtenances.
■ Terms Of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
Suites; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless lor want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per con to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. - ■• . -
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, I^;^- :
THADDEUS B. KE.XT. / ITstets.
rpItUSTEES' BALE.; ~" ~~
i- ,In i accordance * with the terms i and under
the authority of a certain deed of tiust.» duly
executed by JOHN* FOSTER, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CA Jii PBKLL ■ and
THADDEUS B. KENT, i Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the sax FKANCISO'
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
July 14th, 189), and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder, of the ■ City and County of San
Francisco, state of California. In Liber 1468 of
Deeds, at pages 802 and following: and In pursu-
ance of a resolution ■ passed on the 26th day of
March, 1896, by the Board of Directors Of said SAN
FAA JS'OISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation.
and the ho der of the note (No. 11.020), to secure
pay me of which the aforesaid deed of trust vas
executed, declaring that default had been made In
tue payment of the principal sum t.nd other sums
dii" under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY c. CAMPBELL and
TUADDEUS it. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate ' described therein , to satisfy said indebted-
ness. '■■' '-'-■■■-- ■-■:\-*- ■'<■■■ '.--:_ . •-; .......... .-...;■
1 We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADPEI'S
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 25th day of Angus . A." D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at, the auction sales-
room » of Kaston, Eidrtuge : & Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and ; County >or sun 1- ra i-
enco, -State ,of . Cnli.jrnla, we will sell nt pub-
lic auction, to the ' highest ' bidder, for cash in cold
coin of the United states, all the piece or parcel
or I land situate in tun I City : and I • ounty o --tin
Francisco, Stats of California, described as follows,
to wit: .-.-.?-..- ;■■ . ■ -■•: ■;-.->• '--:-..- - ■■_ .
Commencing at a point on the northerly line of
Hermann (formerly Kate) street, rlistant thereon
elgh-y-seven;* feet: six-- Inches. (87 and 6-1- ft.)
easterly from the easterly line of Webster street,
and ; running ; thence ; easterly along said line 01
Hermann Street twenty-five C-5> feet, thence at
richt . angles northerly one hundred - and thlrry-
seven feet ; six ; inches (137 and 6-12 ft), thence at
rubt angles westerly twenty-five "(25) t fft,p t, and
the.ice at right angles southerly one hundred and
Uilrty-aeveu feet six inches (137 and 6-12 f,.) to
the point of commencement. -.■> , : • ■ ■:, ,•■■■■■
:' Being portio . of Western Addition block num-
ber two hundred and ninety-one (291), together
with the appurtenances. w\. *; ■- \ •!•.«■ •"■(.•■
Terms or nal_— l ash in fold coin of th* United
States; ten cent payable to the undersigned on
the : fall |of the ! hammer: | balance on delivery of
ii .■(! : and if not ho paia. unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed i for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited I and . the | sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. -
V HE.SKy C. CAMPBELL,) _'
TUADUKUs h. -rKKXT, t-f Trustees.
■; / ■;;■ TO I.KANi.. ':-- ■;•;■•;;:■■: ■;:--.■-.;■
f^O^^T;N!MjH~l^^r^6TvXßA^_ST^lt
cor. Polk •/ and "-. Jackson ■ sts. ; ' ; rent * $50 ' per
numb. ;■■ AOarcss J. 8., -_7 Sausonje at., 6. F. ■ '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
- LARK I. ;fcTUKKT. - t
©If' (*(\C\ NCBSTAKTIAI 3 -STORY
1 \J.\J\J\J. building ; Id , store* ana . flats; al-
ways remi'd: pays $1080 per annum; owner must
sell; see this, -v .-;_•., -•--.-. -.;■-■-/■-■■: v-'-y '■-■• ' :,-:if
EABTON, ELDRID({p: <& CO
■•'.•■■ '.':-,■■■■■•■ -'■■"■ : 638 Market, st.
big value. ■".".■ ,•.:--,.'.■.-. .-H- ...■-.,
nice PAIR flats
. at a bargain. .-,-•-•
<C 1 QAn 2 Fi.AT* tF. 4 ROOMS EACH.
tID A V/ . near Sacramento ■ and ; Leavenworth
sts : pays $216 per annum; easy terms; «400Casa
o.iiy. ■<--•/■ ; ■ "■ .■•:■-. :■ , " .": - ■ %
EABTON, KLDRIDGE « CO.,
"■-^ -~. - - •-..' 088 Mar Bt. ;
HANDsOME HOME. ~ •-■■• - ■ _:,v".^
CHOICE LOCATION.
IN THE WESTERN 1 ADDITION." r
'■<uti n (inn an kle « ant rksidence
<pj. Kr.\JV>\J . of 10 rooms, bath and conserva-
lory; California st., near Franklin; lot ¥6x187:6.
fc-AsTOA', ELDMII2UK & CO.,
:■'.; 638 Market st.
SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT^ ■-- .- .'■■
> ;• .ON ELLIS ST,
BUSINESS CONNER.
<& 1 Q flftA Two 8TOR; a AND 2 FLATS
»Jp I O.UUU. above, in gooa condition; rents
$123 per annum ; lot 37 :6x87 :6; 3 frontages.
.. KASTO.N, ij-LDItIDGK & (J.J., '
638 Market st. •
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE. 1 ' : --. «•- :
TEN MINUTES FKOM KEARNY ST.
SOUTH SlDtO SUITI'R ST. -
fflj 1 O n/WJ A HANDSOME RESIDENCE
iplO.uUU, of 9 rooim and bath; well built
and in first-class condition: lot 30x120 ft. to rear
street. ■ ■.-..::«--■'■ ■■■■■
KASTON, ELDRIDQE A CO., *
■ ' -■;. •: 838 Market at. ■
MISSION HOME. .■•'■.-..-...■.■ '
•■:-••"• AT A SACRIFICE.
MUST BE SOLD. "
(J&Ofinn JERSEY ST., NEAR CASTRO-
<IPOI/vU. 2-s:ory bay-window bouse: 7 rooms
and bath; modern and wellbUilt: lot 15x114 ft.
~.£LDRID(iK & CO.,
■ ■--.■■■--- - 638 Market st.
CHOICE LIST OF ■ : -.•.".- '■• ■ - '•"■■■■ :■' -:i
\J • . DESIRABLE LOTS
FOR BUILDIN'O OR SPECULATION.
Qlß.f\l\l\ BUTIER-KT. .CORNER AT A
<j)UUUv/. sacrifice; 42:3x87;tt; street work all
done.
UfcPvPinn ■BW. CORNER JONES AND PA-
isuu\)\j. ciHc sts.: flats and stores on this
corner would pay well.
UfcQfinn CLAY-ST. CORNER: READY FOR
i]frO\J\J\j. building; 87:6x102:8.
©<?£/"» fl CLAY : ST.. NEAR LAUREL;
$)<ZiO\J\J. large lot, 30x127:8.
©OCA A BAKER ST., NEAR WAPHINO-
dpji,O\J\J. ton; must be sold; make offer; 25x
106. ... ■ • ':-. . .-■ . .' - .: - .:..
<£1 inn SPRUCE ST.. NEARCLAIf; KEY
<JslttUU. lot; asxll2:ti.
<siO^n NOE ST Near 2311; level and
\s}VO\J. ready for building; 25x100.
©7P:r\ 18TH ST., NEAR BTANYAN: 60l
«JP I «Jl/» 100 to roar street; grand view. , .
EASrjN, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
. Market st. :
HINTS TO RKAL KSTATK '■■ , ' ' ■ '
- INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS.
.. Yon can make some money now lining land any-
where within an hour's ride of a ereat seaport city.
' You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others. tsTUijifl|frglli|yitl%iflff liiffiiflinyi
' You can make the most money If you ° select a
place naturally situated for a town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements, easily i accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway anil water transportation lines to ■ a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet far enough
. away from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and independent community.
FITCHIIURG IS HO SITUATED . ;
As to 'combine all thes>- advantages- and > many
others. It otters splendid inducementt to those
about to start business of any discription. '
For suburban homes it r vals auy of the thickly
populated centers around the bay. -: , - - -
It 1* only 45 minutes from Sad Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland l_ steam and electric cars,'
which run from daylight until after midnight.
Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad. "
ELEGANT (.iiURGii EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED. .
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS. . . , ■
The streets are graveled and ornamented - with
avenue trees, Cvpresa hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements. --'••-■ ■
•V> NOTE THE ELKGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your Investment In a prospec ivo business center
as compared with the many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
": ' sKE FITCHBURO. ,
Invest Judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready 10 bui a on, size 25 ana 60 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep, v
PRICE ONLY $4 TO $10 PER FRONT FOOT.
.Terms: 10 per cent cash; bulanca in monthly
payments.'-— v . t ■. • ■ ; — •
THAD. «. FITCH. Fltchburß, Bun Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., 8. F. .
A TIME TO BUY I ■--■ -. ;•:- = ~~-
J9L A TIME TO SELL!
Now is the time to buy real > estate. ■> Prices are
low. Don't wait for better times. - When better
times come you will not be able to buy a fine
building lot for • ■ ■ ■
- ■ $850: 85 CASH, $5 MONTHLY,
with the street work done, graded, sewered and
macadamised: near an ele< trie road : title perfect.
. Take ihe (Uiprrero-st. earn (Mission or Valencia
transfer at lltii) ami ride to henery and Castro
And see t up C'astro-st. addition: agent 'herd to show
property daily; also at our branch office, 9207 824
St., cor, Mission, evenings after 7:3o o'clock.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, .
. . 10 Montgomery st. ;
«JJ»7Ci» LOTS, C.i>RB£TT ROAD, NR. HAT-
4 O\t. tie. $900—25x1^1, Caselll aye., nf.
Douglass. $800— corner, Box7o, opposite Bernal
Heights School. 87U0— 2&X1U5, Randall, near
Chenery. ' 400— Corner, . So.xlOi', 1 block from
Silver aye. Easy terms. NICUL, 534U) Cali-
fornia st. ■ _ -' ■■ v ■•*•'.';:!
FOR ■ SALE — ELEGANT NEW MODERN
residences: ' situated on Hough st., near Broad-
way: contain Bto IS rooms and all modern con-
veniences: fine view, good neighborhood and com-
plete street work; these houses should be seen be-
fore purchasing .elsewhere; terms easy; houses
open. . ...'.. -', ;;' ■'".•. :: .:: '" '• "..'.' ; - ■'■'... -'■•-■'
BAROAIN-SSUOO: 11 SCOTT ST.; HOUSE OK
. 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x118: part cash. Ap-
ply a to 5 P. m. ■-..;- -./-:- .- - •--. :.-: :^-. ;
CM ALL HUMES, $10 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
0 easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
©I i )E\i\ i ':COTTAOE OF 6 ROOMS! BEttKE-
♦l* I— «'"• ley; lot BOxlOUi near station; $300
down, $15 monthly. - > .'
$150— Lot 24x100: 96 down, $3 monthly. -
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery" st. ,
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
ffl»r»rf C BARGAIN; LOMBARD- ST. LOT,
«3>OitJ. near Van Ness. Terms 1128 Vallejo.
OUSE, LOT AND BUSINESS WAUON,
; cheap. * 260 P.. Park St.. Holly Park.; ■ -
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-TUB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any addrr-ss in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post*
age free. ■■ - -. ; -■.-■■ - : .- ■■■ - ■ ■ -■; -■ -...-•■•. : '
TRt'STKKS' SALES.
RT^fEK» r SALE' 't / J T^' l^~r*tr~
1 In accordance with the terms and under
the authority ■of a certain deed of '■ trust
duly executed by NAPOLEON ST. GERMAIN
and LEWIS W. DUNHAM, parties of the first part,
to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated February 4th, 1891, and re-
corded In the oilice of the County Recorder of the
City and County of San Francisco, sta:e of Califor-
nia, In Liber 1448 of Deeds, at pages 76 nnd follow-
ing: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on the
7th day of May, 1898, by the Hoard of Directors of
Bald SAN Fi.ANCIMJO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 10,630),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust whs executed, declaring ; that s default', had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said . HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,'
Trustees, to sell the real - estate , described . therein
to satisfy said indebtedness. . ■ ■
■' ■' We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU9
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that' on
TUESDAY, tne2ottt day of August, A.'D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Emton, Eldridne & Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket stieet, in the City and County of San Francisco,
Mate of California, we Will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in , gold coin of the
United" States, all that pleco or parcel Of land situ-
ate in tin) city and County of San Francisco,
State of California, described as folio to wit: -.:
.-: commencing at thf corner formed by the inter-
section 'of the northeasterly line of •■ Eighteenth
avenue Mouth (formerly Algeria street) 'with the
northwesterly line of N ft red South (formerly Jmis-
quehauna street), and running thence northwester-
ly a ong sxld line of Eighteenth avenue South one
hundred and seventy-seven feet > three and one-
fourth inches (177 nod 3 Vi-12 ft.), more or less,"
to the w«hterl> line of the Cas» Tract, as per map
hereinafter mentioned i thence along said line of the
Case Tract, north ten degrees twelve minutes ease
(N. 10° 12' E.), sixty-three feet eleven and one-
fou i th inches (63 and 11 Vi- 12 ft.) i thence south
eighty-one degrees fifty-five minutes east' (S. 81°
55' £.). still along said line of said Case Tract, one
hundred slid fifty-six feet two and ; one-half Inches
(156 and 2 1/.-12 ft.), to a s:ake: thence north two
degrees^ West (N. -° W.), still along said line of
said i Case • Tract, el ch ty-eieht (88) > feet, more ! or
less, to the southwesterly. line of seventeenth ave-
nue ' South '= (lormerly Sumatra 1 street) t s thence
: southeasterly along the last-named line . one | hen-
dred and eighteen (118) feet, more or less, to said
northwesterly line o M street South; and thence
son i h westerly a'ong the last-named line two hun-
dred (200) feet lo the point of comniencemeut.
/Being that portion ol block ; number three hun-
dred and forty-six (H4B) lying within the Cane
Tract, In South San < Francisco, as laid down. and
delineated on map of said Case Tract, filed October
16th, 1879. In the otllce of the County Recorder of
said City and County:- of San Francisco; together
with the aiipur.eriances. ':. - ' .' >:
• Terms »or ; Sals — Cash :In gold : coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable tothennder-
slgnea on the fall of the nammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being I allowed I for I search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the : sale to be
void. - Acts of sAle at purchaser's expense. - :>. 1..:.*'
' -.".: HKNUY C. CAMPHKi.iL, 1 Trn . tßP .
THADDEUB B. KENT.i/ Tru » tee *
CO TRY' REAL ESTATE. :
A LARGE * ELECTIbN~ FINE HIGH -LOTS
'A in Pouth ' Pan ; Francisco offered In exchange
for good stock ranch or grain laud.
6 ACRE- CHOICE LAND NEAR STATION:
\J Ross Valley: on county road: y 8 nine from rail-
road: barn and sheds; all fencea: well watered:
price $ 200 J, and a great bargain. .;• ... , ./;
pOUR HOUSES AND LOTS IN SAN FRAN-
X . Cisco, valued at from s.mmjo to 910,000 offered
la exchange for nicely improved farms. -
WANTED-a*FARMS NEaR SAN FRAK-
» ' c!aco. In Napa, Sonoma, Santa Clara or Ala-
meda counties; in exchange for : properties valued
at 810, 000 each and cteur. :,
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
-. -:--■■_ Boom 29,' Second floor, Mills Bonding.
OK HALK— #2OOO; lOV2 ACK^in O* VaLLKV :
land; 5 acres. In vineyard 4 j ears old; small
coasts* 1 . well of wm:er, 9 chcken-homes and yards
of 8-foot wire net;- house «nd broolers for 700
chicles: 2 new incubators, 250 v blooded fowls, all
slasesi 2 horses, buscr and harness: half a mlie
from station 1 41 ml.es from Man Franc: $700
down, balance In ten years at 7 per cent. Address
B. W., box 65, Call Office ' ' : ' ■
If OR EXCHANGE FOrTciTT INCOME PROP-
X 1 erty— Bo acres, two-thirds orchard In bearing,
one-third bare land: near San Jo-ie; cash value
$31. QU0. Address L H.,iock box 14. Ban Jose, Cal.
I V ii Ao;K-> IN COUNTY, NEAR
-L Luwer Lake, for ' sate r or trade. Apply
PHILBKICK, 2348 Folsom St., or room 310, Safe
Deposit. • ■- .."•■,.. v ' ,■ ■•■■: -.'■• .■'■;. - ■'-; '-;;
ffljQfi PER ACRE; . RANCH. lVi HOURS'
<JpOU drive from city: suitable for auiry. chick-
ens or bees; well watered: 160 acres. FRANK
AHHTON, 411 Montgomery st.
ffl>Q PER ACRE: FOR OAKLAND OR SAN*
fipvJ Jose Income property, 640 acres Of land in
Tehama County: oct-half Al fruit and vine land,
balance grating; plenty wood and water; county
road runs through land. Address Owner, bo* 46,
Mercury Office, ban Jose, Cat. ; ■ y.
ANY ONE Wanting a ranch . for
KrHzing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved. Where only small cash outlay Is required.
balance in 6 or 7 yearn, apply 8126 Montgomery st.
AKIN COUNTY— BOOO AL'KKS V) 8 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lautlr rail or water transits 940 to f7B per
acre; te#!is to suit, ByndlCato investment Com-
pany, 66 Chronicle bnild ' __ ..
LITTLE HOMES. > CLO«SK TO TOWN, ij£-
prOved, easy terms; also A to 12 acr* piece.*,
on Sand 30 years' credit. D. H. TWINO. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 832 Market si, S. V. ■
SKNU Foil UUK List C {Jt UKC'HAKi) HOHiiS
tor «a!«. WiMmTKit .t- vvh iTroy. s»n [,-«».
; V lit)*- .tiKi.* , '±'O i^XCilA>CriS.
9n?TSor«EB~A^l9Tiyfs~3 : aß~~iiiLfi~OK
— \J\J exchange; all sites and prices.
Of\(\ RANCHES FROM 5 TO 2000 ACRES,
iJ\J\J best location, for sale or exchange. . .
P.(\(\ BtJeiNEB9'I*LACES, $50 TO SOOO, FOR
O\J\/ sal« or exchange. a.c. UECKER.lu'ioanct
<<| iU\t\ 20 a> Hl-.s PRUNK ORCHARD.
«JD UUUU. full bearing, near Los Gatos. with 6
room house, furnished; horse, wagon,'- chickens*
tools; will exchange lor city. Oakland or Ala*
meda property. Apply to owner. 1630 Eddy st. 1
8 .I 1 . - ' ■•' r '"y." l .' *
"lOsJn"' ACRES* TI.MHEK J.ANU. CO.;
I £.n\ ' w-BtPf: forCatHPTnl«'n«. N_Bx.l6,CalL
, PKOFliKri' WANTJSI>. ~
WANTED— OOOD BUILDINcT^LOtT^FOR
nearly new flats; all rented. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st. ' f " !
W' A NTED-2 MODERN FLATS; 83600 TO
$5000; Mission or Western Addition. box
1. Cull Office.
:';, I aioM^x /to ioAN. ••:;/.
"advances ON 'DIAMONDS, WATCHER
A jewelry, also on rnrnnure, pianos, without ■ re-
moval: lowest - rates. - BALDWIN JKWKLUY
STORE, Bjd Market st. : open eyeritngs-' _: •--
01* "I l}(\ l\f\i\ To LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
«It)IUU.UIrU Oakland, life Insurance, real es-
tate in probate, small or larse sums. AIN WAU)
Bt'CKBEE & CO., '218-220 Montieoiaery st.
Monky lying jl>le: take at $5 inter-
«t per month for each 81000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lif insurance. Coin, box 8. Call,
ONEY LUAMt.II UN JiflWiiLHV AND
other valuables at the Fecnrlt.7 Loan Offica,
}l(i6Marttetst.,nr. Mason; prlv*tt» efltrancw 1 TurlL'
I iIKECT ON YOUR i-UHNII URisl OR PIANO!
XJ no removal: no delays: nacommlSßlonsi low
Iniercst. Rm. 68, Uonohua bldg. 1170 Market st
■'ANY AMOUNT; Ist, ~'ii> or ill MORTGAOK-4:
JX estates, nndlvided interests, real estate in uro-
bate; McCOLUAN. S4 Monl»om«rr. room 3. -
<J> Oft ft!') ft ON IMPROVED URAL ESTATE'
«JU \J\J\J sums not. exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629,' Parrott Building. ■■• ■■ . ' - ■■••■'•
1 (ST "*"BD""iiOR ; fUAOK"!*': INtERKSTH IN E.+
-ltale« (lowest rttte<i:n6 deIaT.aiURi»HY,62B MrK'..
AI)VaN«JKSO.\ DIAMON KTU
-" I'oliii'ihia l.n:<'i .y «'ollm»T'<il itplro. 9 (, van ■■«-■•».
i .-.•"',,.. '•;■■■■ FA W» UKOK*,KS. . ~~ r .
AND : CENTRAL LOAN "' OFFICE, 1200
vjt Market et. ; money loaned t watches ; diamonds!
etc.: lowest rates; bargains In unredeemed pledget.
AT 126 KKARNV ST.. I ROOM 9-MONKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.;. low rates;
private room": pli'VHtor: nlPdares for sale cheap.
V FINANCIAL. ~r—-
MONEY TO LOAN ON^SE^UU^ETyT~B^'I^
VAIN "A I O.MOV, ZlB 3iontgoni»-rv. r. 214
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
;■;■■■ OAKLAND BBAt . KSTATK. . . '_'
CiOA^ft 2-STORY; 6 BOOMS; NEW OR
tjPi£.K)O\J. modern improvements; lot 52x100:
Twenty-third st., near Twenty-fifth aye.. Kost
Oakland; terms to suit customer. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. '
?;nnn w X ARE author i zbd to belu
ttpuuUU. among other property, a One 9-room
house, all modern and complete, with large corner
4ftx:o3; XE. cor. Ki^htcemh and ( astro sts. :
this property is worth $7000: easy terms., (.'all or
address A. H. BLUW. IOIO Broadway. Oakland. -..
CjOOift IF YOU WISH a new tt- room
♦Pi/itJl/. house, built to suit j-ou. on a lot 40t
125, Orove St.. nr Russell, for *226(J, Call or ad-
dress A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland. •-■
d>Q£»nn WILL BUY A FINK 6-HOOM COT-
«U)OOuLf tage. all modern, lot 50x100. on Ninth
It., nr. Castro, worth $4500: must be soid to close
an estate; easy terms. ■ Call or address A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. ■ j__
ffljliAA COTTAGE; LOT 25xiooi
(JpllUU. worth $1700; must be sold to close
an estate. A. 11. BLOW, . 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land.
<U!'-W^n A FINE" 8-ROOM RESIDENCE;
tJpO^tJV/. lot 25x100 1 Eleventh St., near Castro)
worth $4000: must b- sold to close an estate; this
Is a bargain; easy terms. Call Of address A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. •
flfl 'I'll A FINE MODERN' COTTAGE; |
♦IP X •>«>". bath and high basements lotCoxll4(
On Valdez St., near Park aye., East Oakland; fIUO
cash, balance smalt monthly payments. A. 11.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland. -■ - ■ ._ : ...
U ILL IT PA\ ? YES!! «EE ALLEN DALE
** Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot Or upward for a
home or paying Investment: l-'ruitva'e, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; level
»nd choice site; streets I graded; | some macadam-
■/.< -A; only a few left: fine school! 2 electric roads
near 'y : conveyance free: $.> cash and $5 monthly.
168 Ninth St., Oakland, ana 630 Market 5.., H. F.
H. Z. JONES, owiier.| ■: .
dfcl 'Cn BARGAIN;- CHICKEN RANCH;
vD±OO\J» new 4-room " house to order and well;
:erms to suit: if 600 cash. $15 per month. WM. P.
rclil), I(H>. Broadway. oateiani. i ; - : -\---. .--■:■:-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
' ALAMKI)A Ki^AL ''. ESTATE. ,'.-'■■": '
©*9q7^^o^Bs^b^3KVr^Nl) MODbSn"
tJp^jOUU bouses on large lots In good locations;
'onvenient to trains; terms to suit, the purchasers.
fO.SKPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 Park
it., Alameda.' ■ . '>:'„•
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THlt
r\. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. - - . '
■;. -;'.'■ iih.f.iii.k.l^k.)i j, KJaAJL'viilsTA'l'K.'-;..;.:-^;
pOOD ; HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR BALE
Ur on easy tertn.l. " O. G. MAY & CO.. reiU esUM :
md building. 2123 Center st.: BerltnleyT* - V vv
jOfEl'M J. Ma.HU.N'. REaL i EsrATK AND
J Insuronca ngenti Hfrkelex- eUtn, adjomlnar bank.
.' ' BKKKiiLKY HOUSES. -".
Jh E A -NEW, FLAT iOF :17 ROOMS: ELEC-
OXJ. trie lights: tear university and station.
Vpply ■to J. R. LITTLE, 2108 Shattuck \ aye.,
Berkeley station. A' '. :■:■ ., •---■^■•-...- ;--';g.-. y . O v* >■ .■■>
BJM7 *\t\ HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS,. NEAR
3P^« I .c»". university and station. Apply to J. ■•
X. LITTLE, 2108 shattnek avi^ Berkeley station.
MOKTKRKY KKAL ESTATE. ,
J £iO\jyj. a lake: 2-story house, barn, chlcken-
louse: 12 lots, all in fruit and 6 kinds of b4rrl*s;
•timetables grow thriftily all round; must be
old - Immediately.' F. C. - CALD WKLL, owner.
126 Ninth si.. Oakland.'; :,-■.■- - -.-■ ■■-.-.■■; -> ; ■*.■■•.;,-■
, v v '.'.;,;. ATTOUMi£VS-AT-LAW. v.- : ".
A OVICE FRBK^mv6TtcTBTA^v^~A^P«Ct"
tv ally; prlvat*; : no charge unless successful: aU
aw suits, | claims, - collections, | wills, deeds, etc., at*
ended to. ,v. W. How K. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
LEGAL v BUSINESS : TRANSACTED WtTH-
-1 out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
}, JEFF RESB, 402 Montgomery gt., room 18. ■ "
W 1 7. ARAM. ; ATT»Y- PARROTT
.< . bldg. Practices in all courts '.charges moderate
D W KINO, ATTOKSTBY-AT-LAW r CHRON-
LV. Me oldg; advice free; moderate; open evags. J
A PROFESSIONAL. CARDS. '
FRANK BHA Y, ATTORNEY-AT-LA W. ROOM
421; fourth floor, Pnrrott building (Emporium).
XV ILL". DKKDs, ETC. » L. SONTaO, ATTY
»" and Notary, 116 Market; res.. 2126 Howard.
OHN K. xtICH LA W OFFICE.S. ROOMS
v ■J-i and ; 27, Crocker building; telephone Mala
75, fan Francisco, Cal. .
TOHN tt. AiTKEN ANDMAURICKL. ASHER.
0 attysat law, mis 615.616.5 h floor, I'nrroit hid z.
. ' TH~ IiIVUIUK K±.COill>. -
Complaints Sled: . ~~
John Walsh against Nellie Walsh.
Mary E. Perry man against Jesse E. Perry man.
Adolpb Odermatt against Mary Odermatt. .
. Mary Anderson against Charles E. Anderson.
Divorce granted: "•:'■•
Laura -M. Palmer from Alden P.. Palmer, for
willful neglect; by Judge Daingerfh-ld. Custody
of minor child, $15 per month alimony ami #f>o
counsel fees awarded plaintiff, r - . -
Biitim-~3IAIiaiA(JE>ST- nkiU~
f Birth, m-irriace and death notf*s sent by mall
will not be inerted. They mus ' be handed In at
either Of the publication offices And be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
FLENING- August 1, 1898. to the wife of George
K. Flenlne. a son.
McOEOCGH— In San Leandro, August 1, 1896,
to the wife of A H. McGeough. a son.
IIAKKIKO.V ,
KENNEDY— in Oakland, Cal., Au-
-1 gust 1, 1898, by the Rev. George W. Beatty,
i Edwin A. Kennedy and Cynthia L Kneeland.
STOTT— ROURKK-In this city. August 2. 1 896,
by the Rev. Father C. A. Kainm, William H.
St.»tt and Margaret L. Bourse, both of San Fran-
cisco. . - . .
iiIED.
Arnold, Ethel C. Harper, Catherine
Collins, Minnie A. Horgan, James J.
Con way, Rev. John M. Laux, Elizabeth
Cordova. Hllarla Levach. Annie
Creber. Walter McCardle, Nellie
Durner, Michael J. McDonald, Edmund A.
Ellis, Maria L. McDonald, James
Farnin, Pat . McKe«, Andrew J. .
Foley, Michael McKeever. Churies
Gllfether, Frank J. Robeson, Catherine .
Giubblui, Luigi Vary, George M. P.
ARNOLD— In this eltv, August 2, 1898, Ethel C.
beloved daughter of ■ Henry G. and Mary E.
Arnold, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years. '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Tuesday), at 2 O'clock p. m.. from the family
residence, 298 Valencia -street, interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. •:. . . .., .
COLLINS— In this city, August 3, 1896. Minnie
A., eldest daughter of John and Margarete Col-
lins, a native of sau Francisco.
fIGB-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:S0 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of her -parents. 4314 Twenty-iourth
street, near Hoif man avenue, thence to St. James
Church,' corner Twenty-third and Gnerraro
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will .be-
celebrated for the repose of ncr soul, commenc-
' ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment private, Holy
Cross Cemetery. ■ . , ...
CON WAY— In Livermore. Alain eda County, Au-
gust 1, 1896, K<*v John M. Conwav, formerly of
Santa Rosa, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
'. JtV-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattehtl the funeral TO-MORUOW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. ' from St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass
' will be celebrate! for the repose of his soul,
commencing at the above hour. Remains at par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
CORDOVA —In Manr.anlia station, Cal., Hllaria
Cordova, a native of Mexico, aged 71 years and
8 months. . ■■ - - . . . . r .
CREBKR— In this city, Augnst 2, 1896, entered
Interest, Walter Creber, beloved father of John,
Walter and Sarah Creber, Mrs. John Marshall
and Mrs. Vat Kehrleln, a native of Devonshire,
England, Aged 68 years 7 months and 6 days.
[BlootnlngtOh (III.) papers please copy.] -
. tST Friends ■ and acquaintance* are • n>n'--
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 12:30 O'clock p. m., from 809
Lombard street, thence to Masonic .. Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where the
services will beheld, commencing at 1:30 o'clock
F. m.. under, the auspices of elsior Lodge No.
ltitt. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
DUBNEY— In this city. August 1, 1896, Michael
- J. DurDey.-father of Joseph Durney, and brother
of Isabel and Uebecka Dnrney, a native of Phila-
delphia, In his fifth-eighth year. [Philadelphia
papers please copy. J :
fST Friend* are repectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 8:30
■ o'clock a. m., from his late residence, 1012 Broil-
• erlck street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where
' mass will be celebrated, commencing at v o'clock
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
ELLIS— In this city, August . .2, 1896, Maria L.
Ellis, a native of New V ork, aged 65 years.
49* Friends ant acquaintance! «r» - "»*t*ji-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Ht. Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street, between Web-
ster and Fllimore. interment 1. O. O. F. Cerua-
teri-. . ■ '
FARNtN — In the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 3, 1h96, Pat Farnin, aged 51 years. '< •
FOLEY— In this city. August 3, 1896, Michael
Koley, aged 53 years. • " ,: ' ' .
GILPEITHER— In this city, August 2. 1896, FranK
James, dearly beloved son of Frank and Mary
Gil ether, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
10 months and 0 days. '
JFSTFriends and acquaintance?' are r»»**"»v ,
fully invited to attenrl the funeral THIS Day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. -it., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 101 California ; avenue,
back of Missions: reel carhouse. interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' . "'
GIUBMNI-ln this city, August 2, - 1886, Lulgl
Glubblni, a native of Switzerland. „
HARPER— requiem high mass will be cele-
brated at St. Patrick's Church, San Jose, THIS
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., for the repose
of the soul of the late Catherine Harper. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend. '
HORO AN— in Berkeley, August 3,1898. ■ James
Joseph, eon of George and Ann Horgan, a ua
tive of Cork, Ireland, aged 19 yearj. .
LAUX~In thiscltv, August 1, 1898. Elizabeth.
widow of the late Adam Laux, and mother of
- Leonard and JOhn Laux. a native of Eschbach,
'Rhelnpbalz, Germany, aged 54 years 11 months
- anil 4 days. | Hay wards Times please copy.]
gW Friends and acquaintances are respest-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
■ (Tuesday) ( at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of Gantner A Gun <i and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boiiifnce's Church, Golden -
Gate avenue, between Jones and I Leaveaworth
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock a. m. Interment Hoi/ cro«
. Cemetery. . " , . ;
LEVaCH— In Santa Rosa, August 1. 1896, Annie,
beloved daughter of Alexander and the late
Bella • Levach, and stepsister of Mingle Barrr,
a native of an Francisco, aged 17 years 11
months and 5 days.
• Friends ■ and acquaintance* : are rssDsst-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
a (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock V. M., from the residence
of her parents, 36S Dore street, between Bryant.
and Brannan, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
■ services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McC ARDLE— In this city, August 2, 1896, Nellie
. McCardle, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
MCDONALD— In this city, August 1, 1896. Ed-
mund A., beloved son of Mary and the late
■ Anthony McDonald, a native of Ban Francisco.
«a~Frieuds are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at- 8:30
o'olocic a. m., ■ from ' his . lute residence, 15yg
•* Kissling street, thence to St. Joseph's Church.
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose or tits soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Crosi Cemetery.
McDO.\'ALlj-In this city. August a. 1898/ James,
'- beloved husband of Jane McDonald, a native of
. Ireland. aged 67 years. :^a«SSTjWMWfrOTriTBWMH|
rienrt* ■ and acquaintance ar« r»"io»ot- ■
fol'.y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Wednesday). at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his lata
residence. 267 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
- rick's Church, where ft solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it Interment ■ Mount
Calvary Cemetery- '. : ' ' ' *
McKEK— In Oakland, August 1, 1896, Andrew
Jackson McKee. a native of Philadelphia, aged
72 years 1 month and 16 days.
MCKEEVEK-In this city, August 1. 1898,
Charles, beloved husband of Margaret McKeever,
brotoer of John McKeever and Mrs. Jane
Raplie.ll, and * uncle Of Mauti, Gus> . Henry ' and
■ ■ the late : Charles William ; Justice, ° a native of
' Ireland, aged 60 years. ■ • » ' .
jOT Friends and > acquaintance* *r* r**o*e'.-
-■ fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the
Masonic Hall, corner Sreinerand Geary streets,
under the auspice* of King Solomon's Lodge No.
260, F. and A. M. ."
KOBESON— In this city, August 1, 1896, Cath-
• erine, beloved wife of Mar. in D. : Rebeson, and
mother of Annie C. Robeson, a native of Con-
necticut, a^e.l 87 years.
: aarThe funeral will take place ■ THIS • DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a.m.. from her late resi-
dence, 129 San Carlos avenue, thence to Mission
Dolores Churen for services at 9:80 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Crow Cemetery.
VARY— In this city. August 3, 1896, at 817 Post
I street. George M. P. Vary ( M.D.. > son of Mrs.
. Vary and the late George Vary, arid brother of
the Misses Pond, a native or Inverness, Scotland,
la his 2Jth year. - v" ; "■• r - '-'i: -■','-
- ayxonce of funeral hereafter. - ■,
I. ' McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNRRAL DIfiKCTOES ft KMBAf.MkRS,
90 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. :
: \? :! Telephone 8080. 7 - ?" • -\_
'-''.'. — 'J ■*'*' - -' ' '-"■■-.'-"■—■--'- , •-. '"'■'-■'. ■
Jas. MoMkxomjcy. Ghas. McMenokky.
JAMES McMENOMEI & SON,
UN'DKKTAKKBH AND EMBAL.3IKRS,
1057 Mission Street, Near buventli.
'■■ t ■■:-■■'. ■>'■■■■ ;-' ■ Telephone No. 3364. j ' --* = > ■» ■ •< :
JAa i ENGLISH. T. R. CARBW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
■ UNDERTAKERS AND ; EMBALMKK*
: FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., Baa i-'ranclW3
Telephone So. 156. "" '"
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATED COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Otlice 997 Market
street, southeast corner of smh. ■•■•■■ ■ . .
1516
RAYS FROM IRE GRIND JURY SEARCHLIGHT
The Story Told by P. B.
Cornwall to the Wal
lace Jury.
IT IS NOW OF GREAT
SIGNIFICANCE.
Two Years' Contract for Public
Lighting Awarded by the
Supervisors.
A VERY HIGH RATE PAID BY
THE CITY.
The Investigation Just Now Pending
Will Be Certain to Develop
Some Rather Peculiar
Transactions.
The Grand Jury did not meet yesterday,
and, so far as can be ascertained, no ses
sion will be held until next Friday. But
members of the jury are not idie, and
others than P. B. Cornwall may be heard
as witnesses at the next meeting.
At last accounts Mr. Cornwall was in
Seattle. No information has reached the
Grand Jury to raise a doubt about his
attendance. In view of the remarkable
disclosures which Mr. Cornwall made
under oath to one Wallace Grand Jury in
1892, more than ordinary interest is in
volved in the call for his presence at this
time.
P. B. Cornwall was then president of the
Electric Light Company. The Grand Jury
subpenaed the president, the vice-presi
dent and the manager, George Roe.
One officer testified that he did not know
of any money having been paid to Chris
topher Buckley or any other person to in
fluence the Board of Supervisors.
Ten minutes later Mr. Cornwall, the
president, was called. He testified that at
first the company paid Buckley $250 a
month. The compensation was finally in
creased until it reached $450. One single
payment of $8000 was made. The custom
was to draw a check for the monthly al
lowance to Buckley, and for Mr. Roe to
leave it at Sutro & Co., brokers. Mr. Corn
wall's testimony was to the effect that
$25,000 a year had been paid to regulate
the Supervisors. He was so disgusted
with the transactions that he sold out his
stock in the corporation. He told the
jury that these facts were known to all
the directors of the company.
The Grand Jury then resolved to bring
in the manager, George Roe, and compel
him to produce the books of the corpora
tion. Several subpenas were issued for
him, but not one was served. For some
reason Mr. Roe, who was known to be in
or about the City, could not be found at
his office.
After some days' delay and disgust an
anonymous letter was received by a well
known member of the jury who is now a
citizen of San Francisco, stating where
Mr. Roe could be found at a certain hour
of the day. This member of the jury had
a subpena placed in the hands of Detective
Robert Hogan. who is now connected with
the District Attorney's office. Mr. Roe
was found at the place designated in the
anonymous letter and served in due form
with the subpena by Detective Hogan.
Manager Roe then asked for an inter
view with the member of the Grand Jury
who had charge of that line of the investi
gation. The interview was accorded and
took place in secret at the residence of the
member. In that secret conference Mr.
Roe said he believed that the Supreme
Court would decide that the Grand Jury
was an illegal body. He said if he should
respond, tell all he knew and produce the
books and thereafter the jury should t*
adjudged an illegal body that all tbe'rob
bers and scalawags would be on his back.
He asked for time, pledging his word that
if the jury was sustained by the Supreme
Court he would tell the whole story with
out reservation and produce the books to
verify it.
The member of the Grand Jury who
then conducted that negotiation said yes
terday to a Call reporter that he assented
to the arrangement suggested by Mr. Roe
and waited for the Supreme Court to de
cide. The decision of the Supreme Court,
as Mr. Roe anticipated, was against tHe
legality of the Wallace Grand Jury and
Mr. Roe never testified as a witness. He
died subsequently, and so the inside de
tails as to particular methods of disburse
ment were never submitted.
Mr. Cornwall may return to this City
by the end of the present week. He will
be heard as a witness by the Grand Jury
soon after he shall have arrived. As the
president, successively, of three electric
lighting companies he ought to be able to
tell something of the subject of street
lighting in the City of San Francisco in all
its aspects.
He was first a president of the California
Electric Light Company, next president of
the Edison Electric Light and Power Com
pany, and is now the head of the Mutual
Electric Light Company. His incumbency
in these three positions, collectively, has
covered a series of years and the terms of
office of successive Boards of Supervisors.
During all that period rumors derogatory
to the Supervisors have been periodically
believed. If there has been any attempt,
successful or unsuccessful, by the Super
visors to raid the treasury of any electric
light company in San Francisco he has
irarvr to-dat.
{UtiCUlj
I SOAP*
Purifies and Beautifies
TEl© Skin
by restoring to healthy
activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gish? Overworked Pores.
Bold throughout the world. JPotTU DIE* AIS
. Cum. Co«r., Sole Prop*. Batten, U. R. A. . '■;■■
■*- "How to Purify and B«ratify the Skin," Bulled free.
certainly had good opportunities to know j
ah the facts. Hence his coming is awaited
with interest by private individuals as it is
by the community at large.
Some facts have come to the surface in
reference to the discrimination against
the City as compared with the prices paid
by private parties for lights. The pro
posals for bids for electric street-lighting
included 622 masts, each mast being forty
feet high, each light to be 2000 candle
power, the lights to be kept burning from
one hour after sunset until half an hour
before sunrise, with the exception of three
nights when the moon is about full each
month, lights being suspended the night
of the full moon, the night following and
the night preceding. There was also the
exception that nine lamps in Chinatown,
one lamp at the City Receiving Hospital
and one lamp at the Folsom-street police
6tation shall be lighted every night.
Bidders were called upon to estimate
the price of each lamp of 2000 candle
power per night. In the proposals for the
gas-lighting contract the number of lamp
posts to be maintained wai 5100, with the
option that the number might be in
creased, upon due authorization, not to
exceed 5800 during the continuance of the
contract. The burners of the various
lamps must average a consumption of not
less than five cubic feet per hour.
Under existing conditions the only com
petition which could be immediately of
fered in street lighting must come from a
rival electric light company, namely, the
Mutual Electric Light Company. But as
the contracts awarded read for two years
the rates that the Board of Supervisors
have allowed to the lighting companies
will stand for a long period. It is this
period of two years in the contractfjwhich
has excited so much indignation.
There are two reasons for indignation.
The first is that machinery for the produc
tion of electric lights especially is being
continually improved, the result being
that electric light can be provided at less
cost one year hence than it can be at this
time; and if there shall be any cheapening,
which is inevitable, the public should have
all the advantage which can be derived in
that way. Moreover, it is absolutely cer
tain that nothing can occur to make the
production of electric light any more ex
pensive at the end of twelve months than
it is at this time. Consequently there is
no reason in sight why the publis interest
can be said to have been conserved by a
contract for two years.
The second reason for indignation is that
the rates which the Board of Supervisors
have authorized in behalf of the City are
much in excess of the rates charged to
private parties for the same service.
Some explanation may be needed on
this point, but the facts are indisputable.
The average time per night during which
electric lights will burn for the illumina
tion of the City is ten and a half hours,
taking in the long nights with the short
ones. The specifications are from one hour
after sunset till a half hour before sunrise.
Private parties have an all-night service,
averaging twelve hours, taking long nights
and shorts together. This means that on
the City contract the contracting company
gains one and a half hours every night,
as compared with the service they are
compelled to furnish to private parties,
which is one full night saved by the com
pany every week on the City contract. At
the rate of 55 cents per electric light per
night the City pays $3 85 per week for ten
and a half hours' burning per night. Pri
vate parties get the electric service twelve
hours per night for $3 per week.
There is another way to figure this. If
the City had the same period of nightly
service that the private parties secure, the
price paid per lamp per week by the City
would be $4 36 at the present rates. The
City has on an average seventy-three and
a half hours light per week and the private
parties have eighty-four hours for less
money.
The matter of incandescent lights is
smaller than the arc light matter, but the
same rate of discriminations in the price
paid by the City, compared with the same
price paid by private citizens, appears.
The rates are estimated by the 1000 watts.
The rate charged to the City is 11 cents.
Large concerns, like the Palace Hotel, pay
only between 5 and 6 cents per 1000 watts,
or about half the price charged up against
the City. The incandescent lights fur
nished to the City illuminate the new City
Hall, an engine-house on Bush street and
a truckhouse on O'Farrell street.
The City is a much larger customer than
private concerns, which get a much lower
rate. What becomes of the excess in
price paid by the City is undoubtedly an
interesting question. There are those
who assert that in this lies the explana
tion of the supply of coin which is used to
"square" Supervisors and to keep up all
prices Dy shutting out competition as
much as possible in the light-furnishing
business.
An odd feature is found in the fact that
in outlying districts gas lamps are found
burning almost under electric arc lights,
where the gas lights do no practical good,
but they are paid for by the City at a speci
fied rate.
THE BONDS ARE VALID,
Judge McKenna Overrules the
Demurrer of the City of
Santa Cruz.
It Is Generally Thought That This
Piactically Settles the Disputed
Point
Judge McKenna yesterday overruled
the demurrer of the city of Santa Cruz in
the suit brought by Robert K. Waite to
recover the interest on certain- bonds.
While the defendants are given twenty
days in which to amend their answer, the
decision of the Circuit Court Judge is re
garded as practically settling the case.
The action in question was brought by
Waite to recover the interest on bonds
issued by the city of Santa Cruz tinder the
act of March, 1893, which authorizes any
municipality other than those of the first
ciass to refund their indebtedness. In
1894 Banta Cruz owed $360,000, and when
the proposition to refund this was sub
mitted to the people it was carried by a
vote of nearly three to one.
Bonds bearing 5 per cent interest were
accordingly issued for the amount named
above. Tbey were divided into forty
classes of nine bonds each. In May of
last year the interest on the first batch be
came due. Th« City Treasurer of Santa
Cruz refused to pay the same, whereupon
Waite instituted suit in the United States
Circuit Court to recover the interest on
the entire issue of $360,000, amounting to
$21,300.
The defendants entered a demurrer ask
ing that the action be dismissed on the
following grounds:
First, the bonds were only payable out of
certain funds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1896.
Second, the Issue was unconstitutional be
cause the act of 1893 was special or class legis
lation.
Third, illegal because the amount of $360,
-000 exceeded the bonded indebtedness which
the city of Sunta Cruz could legally contract.
Fourth, the refunding act did not authorize
the issuing of bonds.
Fifth, the bonds were not issued by the city
of Santa Cruz because they were ouly signed
by the Mayor and City Clerk.
Judge McKenna after reviewing tne case
at considerable length said :
The questions Involved in all these proposi
tions are close ones, but I do not think the
first, second, fourth and fifth can be sustained.
• • * Agp.inst the third proposition, to wit,
that there was an excessive and illegal issue of
bonds, the complaint urges the recital of the
bonds. On the controversy hence arising a
great many cases have been cited, whic* I
have eareiully studied. I have come to no
confident conclusion. Indeed, the contention
of the defendant is not with certainty pre
sented in the bill. Assuming that there was a
limitation of the power of the city, depending
upon the existence of certain conditions of
fact, the knowledge of the takers of the bonds
of the existence of such conditions is not
clearly apparent from the bill, and I am there
fore reluctant to base a decision on a question
of law, unless there can be no ambiguity about
the facts.
The court them read numerous decisions
in which the same point was involved, with
the difference that the purchasers fully
understood the conditions of the purchase.
In conclusion Judge McKenna said:
It is claimed by the defendant that a fair in
ference from these averments is that plaintiff
knew of the excess of the issue, and hence is
not a bona-fide purchaser. But it certainly
does not follow, and as there is an ambiguity,
Ido not care to base an opinion upon it, but
will reserve it until the answer is filed. The
demurrer of the defendant is therefore over
ruled.
CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS.
Important Communication Sent by Will
K. Fisher to the Progressive
Associations.
Will E. Fisher, the well-known real
estate agent, sent an important communi
cation yesterday to the Chamber of Com
merce, the City Board of Trade, the Manu
facturers and Producers' Association, the
Merchants' Association and the State
Board of Trade.
It was a lengthy document and pointed
out the necessity of something being done
to promote the sain of California products
an<> to induce immigration to this State.
He proposed that the live bodies should
combine to form an association with
these two important objects in view,
and to carry them into effect he suggested
that exhibits of the products of the State
should be maintained at the expense of
the State in the principal centers of popu
lation in the East. The exhibits could
be of the same character as those to be
seen in the Board of Trade rooms here.
The exhibits could be placed in the
railroad depots in the large Eastern
cities and a man placed in charge to take
orders for the products, thereby bringing
trade to the producers and at the same
time promoting immigration.
A JANITOR IS MISSING,
W. F. Brooks of the Emporium
Has Not Shown Up for
Two Days.
la Debt to His Assistants— The Police
Are Looking for the
Fugitive.
Tha management of the Emporium
and also seventeen janitors employed in
the mammoth building are on a still but
determined hunt for W. F. Brooks, who
up to yesterday occupied the position of
head janitor of the mammoth Market
street structure.
Brooks is not only gone but he has
taken with him the month's wages of the
aforesaid seventeen janitors earned by the
sweat of their brow during the warm days
of July.
When the Emporium building was fin
ished there was great rivalry as to who
would get the plum of head janitor, and
there were many aspirants for the place.
Ordinarily a janitor's job is not
a sinecure, but in the care of
a vast building like the Empo
rium the man who directs the clean
ers of all the offices is a man of some im
portance, and has as much patronage to
dispense as many a petty politician.
Brooks won the prize, and for some time
things ran smoothly among tne Em
porium janitors.
Brooks collected the wages for the men
and when the joyful period of the month
known as payday arrived he dispensed to
each according to his earnings.
Brooks turned the money over to his
subordinates regularly every month until
the payday for July, which was yesterday,
came around. •
Then }c failed to materialize with the
coin. His men came as usual for their
stipend, but Brooks was missing, and a
search of his usual haunts failed to locate
him. j
Then the management of the place and
the janitors became anxious ana started
out determined to look for him. At his
residence nothing was known of his
whereabouts and the police were finally
notified.
August Feist, president of the Em
porium Company, when asked last night
about the story said: 4; The hend janitor
has not shown up for two days and his as
sistants, to whom he owes money, are
fearful that he has skipped.
"The Emporium Company had a contract
with Brooks, and is not, of course, re
sponsible for any of his misdeeds. The
amount he owes cannot exceed a few hun
dred dollars. This is all the information I
can give you about the matter."
CONVICT-CUT STONE.
The Stonecutters' Union Is Indignant
at the M itlvii liter Fair Commi-tsi oners
The stonecutters are up in opposition to
the Midwinter Monument which has been
just finished and put in place on. ground
where the fair had been held. This op
position is not because of the monument
itself, but because the stone was cut by
convicts at the Folsom State Prison.
The Stonecutters' Union claims that the
base and cap upon which tbe statue stands
were shipped to this City at the same time
that the stone for the Grant monument
came, but the opposition of the taades
unions to the placing of the Grant stone
in tne park had a chilling effect upon the
Midwinter Fair Commissioners, and as a
result the stone was boxed up until the
storm blew over, when it was resurrected
and put in place.
The vigilance of the stonecutters did
not abate, however, and they watched the
movements until the discovery was made
that the convict-dressed stone was put in
place. Hence their mdi -nation at the
acts of tne Midwinter Fair Commissioners.
A Kearny-Street Rush.
The largest crowd of people ever seen in
a dry-goods house was yesterday at the
creditors' sale of J. Samuels, 104 Kearny
street. But no wonder. Silk and dress
goods were almost given away by the
creditors of this firm, who are determined
to realize.
Saved by a. Woman.
Otto H. Berge, & special officer on Broadway,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday charging Fred Strand with ei
hibiting c. deadly weapon in a rude and
threatening manner. Berge said he was
standi,.g in front of a store on his beat Satur
day night, when Strand came up to him and
presented a revolver at his head. A woman
knocked the weapon out of Strand's hand and
Strand made his escape. About a year ago
Berge testified in a case against Strand and be
believes that was why he wanted to shoot him.
• — ♦ — •
England owns exnctly one-eleventh of
the land surface of Africa.
SAYS THE INMATES
"STAY AND STARVE"
Henry Grim Arraigns the
City and County
Hospital.
ESCAPED FOR BEAR LIFE
"I Was Locked Up in a Room
and No One Paid Any At
tention to Me."
PATHETIC TALE OF A PARIAH.
Dumped On the City by M-ndocino
County and Always Told, Like
Jce, to "Move On."
Like Dickens' poor Joe in "Bleak
House" Henry Grim, the possible leper
alleged insane and thought-to-be-only
feeble-minded 10-year-old boy, now held,
housed and detained at the Receiving
Hospital, is told to "move on, and on."
He was first told to move on by Mendo
cino County — to move on to San Francisco
and become a burden to this now over
burdened City. It was an admirable thing
for Deputy Sheriff Day of Mendocino to
dump Henry Grim, his father and sister,
Lena, out of a hack at the Central police
station here. That was three weens ago,
The Grims have been living in the woods
on the north fork of Little River, the
father ana son cutting tanbark and wood
and the 14-year-old daughter keeping
house in their forest shanty.
The two male Grims are hunters, and
large and small game found in the bush
eked out their commissary department.
Finally word was passed the country
around that the family were lepers. They
had formerly lived in the Hawaiian
Islands, and this, coupled with the fact
that the girl appeared to be afflicted with
the dreaaful plague, was enough to make
them unfit for even the wild woods. The
authorities had them examined by the
county physician, and the best way to dis
pose of the lepers was to ship them to San
Francisco. The story of their enforced
journey thither may be best told by the
lad Henry :
"We were brought down to Ukiah,"
said he yesterday at the Receiving Hos
pital, "by Deputy Sheriff Day and taken
aboard the train for this City. At the
ferry landing here we were all bundled
into a back, stagecoach or whatever you
call it, by Day, and the driver was told to
take us to this place. Father is lame, hay
iiig cut his foot some time ago, and his
iujury was not doctored right. He was
not locked up and I believe he has Rone
back home. I forgot to tell you that the
officers of Mendocino County burned our
cabin and everything in it after we were
taken away.
"Next day my sister was sent to the
Pesthouse and I was taken to the City and
County Hospital. There I was locked up
in a room and nearly starved. Nobody
paid any attention to me, and if I had not
climbed the fence and run away I would
have died. Everybody is hungry there,
and that is the reason they stay sick; they
just stay in their wards and starve and
starve.
"If I was out in the Mendocino woods at
home witii my rifle I could k'll enough of
game to keep'myself and half of that hos
pital in meat. Father and I have often
taken our dogs and killed brown bear,
deer and other garae on Little River and
back in Humboldt County. I have often
been Out alone in the forest with my dogs.
When I could see the sun I could steer my
course by it. And when night came on I
would build a fire, cook some of my game
and sleep under a tree till morning."
"Once I was attacked by a panther. I
was traveling along the trail about dusk
when the animal sprang on my shoulders
from the limb of a tree over my
head. In a second he had clawed most
of my clothing off my body and was trying
to bite my tnroat — you know panthers
always cut the veins in the neck to drink
the blood. I had my rifle in my left hand
and my six-shooter in my belt, and you bet
I went for that just as soon as I felt him
strike me. I pulled the revolver out and
reaching over mv left shoulder shot the
panther in the head. He let go and tell to
the ground. The two big dogs jumped him
and he whipped them both, badly disabled
as he was. When I got a cnance to use my
six-shooter again 1 broke his back and tuat
ended him.
"I never was sick a day in my life, and
if I could get away from this City I would
start lor the woods again, where I have
lived much of my life and where I could
make my way. I don't know what is the
matter with " Lena, but I am sure that
neither father nor myself have leprosy.
If ever I get back to Mendocino County I
will sue Day for bringing me down here
and the county for burning our house."
This is the story of the lad whom the
authorities of Mendocino said was either
a leper, insane or was ieeble-minded, and
must be shipped to San Francisco to be
come a burden upon the already over
burdened City.
"While the medical experts who have ex
amined the girl are convinced that she is
probably suffering from leprosy, they are
not able to determine just what is the
matter with the boy.
They think that he has neuresthenia, a
nervous complaint, either inherited or
brought on by one of a number of possible
causes.
After escaping from the City and County
Hospital, he was arrested in the street and
taken to the City Receiving Hospital,
where he is now confined. In all San Fran
cisco there is no place for the unfortunate
lad. Neither hospital nor the Pesthouse
will have him, and the Commissioners of
Insanity find him too rational for an asy
lum. It is thought by the authorities that
in return for Mendocino's gratuitous gift of
the boy to this City he might be sent
back to that county with thanks. The
family came from the State of Washington
to Mendocino several years ago and have
lived there ever sinee — long enough to
have acquired a residence in that county.
Young Grim's father is probably now in
that locality and can support himself and
son in the wooas with rifle and ax, if the
HENRY GRIM.
zealous officials don't burn fhe family out
again. So Henry Grim, the possible leper,
alleged insane and thought to be feeble
minded, is told like poor Joe in "Bleak
House," to "move on/*
AMONG THE SUFFRAGISTS
Encouraging Reports of Success
ful Endeavors in the
Country.
Flower-Loving Friends of the Cause
Still Pay Their Tribute of
Lovely Bloom.
Golden yellow, glowing oranee and pale
canary were the colors with which Flora
decked the Woman Suffrage Bureau yes
terday. Cheery marigolds, eschscholtzias,
primroses and daffodils were seen at every
hand, making the offices seem as though
flooded in sunshine.
Among the throng of visitors were Mrs.
Mary L. Rice, the gifted colored orator,
and Mrs. Belle A. Mansfield of Greencas
tle, Ind., both ardent suffragists and tire
less workers for the cause. Mrs. Mans
field was particularly impressed by the
enthusiastic support which woman suf
frage is receiving in this State, and seemed
delighted to learn that local opposition to
the movement is practically dead. Mrs.
J. F. Swift also dropped in for a few mo
ments and spoKe of the absorbing interest
with which the subject of equal suffrage is
being discussed in social gatherings of
ladies all over the City.
Among the letters received by Miss
Hay, the chairman, was one couched in
glowing and triumphant terms, stating
that Madera County had been completely
organized for the campaign, there being
woroan suffrage clubs in every town in the
county. Miss Mills reported great things of
San Luis Obispo County, and Mrs. Riddell
wrote that the organization of San Mateo
County would be completed by the end of
the present week.
The lemonade set recently mentioned in
The Call is to be placed on view at Van
derslice's jewelry-store, 136 Sutter street,
during the month of August. Ballots,
however, will continue to be received at
the bureau only. The voting will close on
the first of October, if not prolonged, and
the set will be donated to the person,
male or female, who shall have received
the largest number of votes. The contest
is becoming very spirited, votes and
dimes pouring into the bureau's coffers at
a great rate.
To be perfectly proportioned a man
should twenty-eight pounds for every foot
to his height.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
SWIMMING IN
A SEA OF FIRE,
Frank Darling's Startling
Experience at Long
Bridge.
HIS LAUNCH BLEW UP.
The Explosion Spread Liquid
Fire All Over the
Water.
WAS SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION
As Darling Opened the Cabin Door
the Shock Wrecked the
Boat.
One of the strangest accidents that
could happen a gasoline launch caused
the wreck of the launch Henrietta last
evening.
Her owners, Frank Darling, Charles
Darling and John Durney, had just se
cured a contract with a grocery firm and a
laundry company to do their shipping,
and Frank Darling rowed out to the
launch where she lay off Long Bridge
last evening to see that she was in good
order. He made fast his boat and stepped
below, but as he opened the cabin door
there came an explosion that blew him
backward into the water and wrecked the
launch.
Darling, though badly shaken up by the
explosion, rose to the surface almost im
mediately, only to find that the snrface of
th« water had been covered with burning
gasoline, and that he was swimming about
in the midst of it.
He dove at once and swam under water
for some distance, but he had to come to
the surface twice before he got outside the
circle of naming oil. Then a boat, which
attracted by tne explosion had put off
from shore, picted him up.
In the meantime the launch had been
burning merrily and to save her the rescu
ing boat came alongside and knocked a
hole in her.
The explosion without doubt was caused
by the gasoline tank. It was situated in
the bow of the boat and had been filled
only the day before. It is supposed that
some leak allowed the oil to escape, and
this generating gas in the cabin caused an
explosion when the door was opened. Or
it may be the sun shining through the
cabin windows had heated the gas gener
ated to such a degree that it was exploded
just in time to catch the boatman as he
opened the door.
The cabin was blown to atoms and the
lannch was set on fire. The oil from the
tank had been scattered through a radius
of twenty feet and was being slowly borne
by the tide toward some valuable yachts
lying near by, the little patches of greasy
fluid blazing merrily as they danced along.
The yacht 3 were quickly moved out of
harm's way, however, and the flaming oil
burned harmlessly un-til it went out.
Darling was down at the wharf yester
day superintending the raising of his boat.
Hs was considerably shaken up by the ex
plosion, but otherwise was not badly hurt.
"That was the narrowest escape from
death I ever had in my life," said he.
"The thing occurred so suddenly that I
didn't know what struck me.
"I had just made a contract with a
Sixth-street grocery firm and a laundry
company to do their shipping and was
just going to get the boat in shape to start
in immediately, but I no sooner had the
cabin door half open than I received a
terrible shock and knew no more until I
found myself in the water, whose surface
was one mass of burning oil and terribly
hot.
"I knew it would De folly to undertake
to swim through it on the surface, but by
a succession of short dives, and swimming
under water, I got out in safety. I was
rendered assistance just in time, for swim
ming with my clothes on weakened me
and I couldn't have gone much longer.
"It was a clear case of spontaneous com
bustion, and although I ordered the best
quality of gasoline tank I was given a
defective one and through this the acci
dent was caused, but I am glad to have es
caped with my life."
CEMETERY IN THE ROAD
Western Addition Improvement Club
Desires the Calvary Cemetery Wall
Moved Back Five Feet.
At a regular meeting last evening of the
Western Addition Improvement Club at
Coakley's Hall oh Geary street, near Cen
tral avenue, a communication was ordered
to be forwarded to the Board of Super
visors complaining of the action of the
Sutro Railroad Company, and asking
them to compel said road to comply with
the terms of its franchise in making the
intersection cf Geary street and Central
avenue its terminal point instead of Sutter
street and Central avenue.
It was stated by Colonel Coakley that
last Friday, during a stoppage of the Sut
ter-street line, people vere obliged to walk
down to Geary street, and pay an extra
fare in order to get to town.
A communication was also ordered to be
forwarded to the Board of Supervisors,
appealing to them to assist the good work
of the Board of Health by allowing them a
liberal appropriation, such as was asked by
the Merchants' Association, for more
thorough food inspection and the estab
lishing of the four inspection stations for
this purpose.
A communication was ordered to be
sent to the Board of Supervisors calling
their attention to the wall inclosing the
Calvary Cemetery on the south side of
Geary street, between St. Joseph avenue
and Central avenue, running west. It is
claimed that this wall occupies five feet of
the public thoroughfare and should be re
moved back to the surveyed line of the
Cemetery property proper. The wall of
the cemetery on Geary street lying west
of Central avenue has recently been
moved back five feet. The remaining por
tion is the only obstruction of this por
tion of Geary street.
The attention of Superintendent Ash
| worth was also called to this matter, ask
ing him to direct his attention in his
official capacity toward remedying this
evil.
' — • — ♦ ♦
Snakes and Birds.
Professor Vanderburgh, curator for the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences, delivered a lecture
last evening before its members, on "The Dis
tribution of Reptiles in California."
Charles A. Keeler. the librarian of the society
spoke on "The Distribution of Birds in Cali-
hew to-day:
School-
Shoes—
The kind /^*?\
that ■» re Vi*J|l
j easy on the^y|'
feet. Keep (TV /?*\
the feet r^k fa^ti
comfortable \\ fo-^ii
and the head V^^v-J^^!
cool, make X^ fiyX
lessons a \wA
pleasure -i* «ff jj \v
! i and recess a oa f\ tl
time of de- >' B KVc J
[light. > C rtrv,^
I Great sale L\°-* .
this week of "'"a 1 * "*i
school shoes A A
for Misses, ■ /\ . \\v\
Boys and ■ i *J V^A'W
Children. ' \\wTV\CIF
Also, un- M\: 11WI\
approach- A*^ L/V P
able bar- JTi 2j
gains in <T _' Gr
Ladies' Oxfords
And Southern Ties.
An opportunity like this comes t«
you seldom enough ; when it does,
grasp it. '
The Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store cioic3 0.30 P. M. Saturdays 10 P. H
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special. ForlS ma
HAMS.
Our Choice Eastern Sugar-cured Hams
. . ..lie pound
BUTTER. ~~
Choice Point Reyes Creamery Squares....
Three squares for $1.
FRUIT SYRUPS.
. Strawberry, Raspberry, Grenadine, Pine-
■ . apple. Vanilla. Lemon, SarsapariUa,
eta.......... Quarts, '25c
Regular price 4Oc
WHISKY. ~~
1 Rich and mellow (5 years), for fatally
:■'-'■-' and medicinal use Gallon, S3 50
Regular price 93 50.
SOAP. ~
Housekeepers' Delight, 20 large cases in
box.. .....75c
Regular price $1.
LUNCH TONGUE.
Libby.McNeill & Libby 's launch Tongues
......■........: 20c can
' i Regular price 30c.
PRESERVED GINGER.
New arrival from Canton in heavy syrup.
' extra quality, large size 35c
Regular price 50c.
Children's Brownie Lunch Baskets, 15c.
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free. ■
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when -within too mites.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
' SAN FRANCISCO.
.COS. 10th Al7O WASEIH3TOH SIS. -) OAKLAND
:" ' 1734-1735 SEVENTH STSEZT f BRANCHES
School
11/118
Books
Retailed
at-—
Wholesale
Prices.
No Second-Hand Books.
Everything New. : •
Full Line of Books and Stationery.
;I OPEN EVENINGS. /■■ .
(We succeed the Bancroft Company.)
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO.,
Second floor. . 723 Market St.
Good furniture, quick
prices-— get it at ' "Eed
Letter" Sale. No, beg
pardon— see it at "Red
Letter" Sale — get it if you
want to.
You're rt^ ome at "Red
Leufcr"
California Furniture Company
(N. V. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OK THE " ■
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. .■
, OOSMOFOIiITAN.
Opposite . V. a Mint, 100 and : 102 Fifth St., Haa
: Francisco, Cai.— most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c' Rooms 50c
and 75c a day. i Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name Of the Cot-
mopolitan Hotel.- Wll. FAHEY, Proprietor.
Wriiirs Mail Teutons Ms
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimples, and
purify the blood. „
Crossmaa's SBsciflc Mixtnra
With this remedy persons can cure themsGlve*
without ' the i least exposure, change of diet, or
• change In application to business. The median*
' contains nothing that is of: the least Injury tot h*
constitution, -y Art your druggist tor it. **Rica $1 *
■;*«*•■■•. : " : •■- ■