VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 176.
A WINGED SHIP IN THE SKI,
It Cleaves the Air With
Pinions Like a Huge
Condor.
ALL SACRAMENTO SEES
THE NEW WONDER.
The Inventor's Lawyer Describes
the Machine and Says It
Is Genuine.
IT WAS SEEN SOARING NEAR SAN
JOSE AT MIDNIGHT.
'The Call's" Exclusive Account of the Greatest
Invention of .the Age Is Now Corrobo
rated by Thousands.
For several days there have been per
sistent reports that a huge airship has
been seen in the vicinity of Oakland. Sac
ramento and San Francisco. The Call
has contained daily and exclusive ac
counts of the appearance, and now there
is an avalanche of testimony to tbe effect
that many persons of truthful reputations
have seen something like a huge seraph
in the air, spreading its electric pinions
.and so-.ring faster than a giant condor of
tbe Andes. 60 numerous have been the
reports thai the possibility of aerial navi
gation is now tbe absorbing theme of the
day.
There is now a vast amount of corrobo
rative testimony to the effect that there is
a practical airship afloat in tne azure
-paces hereabouts, and the meaning of
this testimony has been made clear by the
positive statement of Attorney George D
Collins of Alameda that he has a wealthy
client wbo is tbe inventor of the great
aerial ship, and that it will soon be known
to the entire world.
The ship was seen in Sacramento last
night, and the evidence is increasing that
the same great propeller recently passed
through the- heavens over Oakland and
San Francisco.
The positive testimony of Collins that the
air«hip is a reality has now been signally
corroborated by the testimony of thou
sands of citizens of Sacramento who saw
the great ship in the air last night. The
following accounts from Oakland and Sac
ramento make the matter as clear as ordi
nary human testim ny could do.
One of the most in teresting of the corrob
orative stories comes" from Thomas Jor
dan of San Rafael, who states that he
found a machine-3hoo in a mountain
fastness some month? ago: that six men
were working on an airship and that it
would soon be completed.
In tbe first day's story of the airship,
as printed in The Call, it was stated that
an old hunter named Brown of Bolinas
Ridge had seen an airship floating a few
hundred feet above the pine trees one
morning just as the fogs were lifting from
tbe ridge.
COLLINS' EVIDENCE IN.
H« Know* the Inventor of the
Ship.
OAKLAND, Cal., Not. 22.— Attorney
Collins was the busiest man in Alameda
County to-day. During the first part of
the day all his efforts were directed to
keeping away from the carious throng
that wished to talk to him aud interview
him and try to induce bim to describe and
draw pictures of the Oroville millionaire's
airship.' Not until late in the evening
could he be induced to po into the parlor
of hie home on Union otreet, Aiarnoda,
and tell what he knew of the invention
that has startled not only this State, but
the entire country.
"A few weeKs ago," said Mr. Collins, "I
came lrom Washington, whither I had
• been on important business. On my ar
rival in this State I met a gentleman who
introduced himself to me, and woen I told
him where 1 had been he immediately
aaid he was very sorry that he had not
met me prior to my departure, as he bad
some important business to transact at
the Patent Office in Washington which he
would not trust in the mail or by any
other means than a trusted servant.
"I asked him what bis business con-
sisted of, but beyond telling me that he
was an inventor, I got no further details
from him at that time. He told me enough
in an indirect manner to convince me that
he was a man who had a secret that he
evidently cherished dearly, but be en
lightened me no further, and beyond
exchanging cards, our acquaintanceship
developed nothing more tiil later. A few
days afterward he called on me at my
office in San Francisco, but as he did not
talk about business, lconcluded that he had
merely paid me a social call. I became
greatly interested in that inventon. I
The San Francisco Call
could not help noticing that there was a
desire on his part to tell me more than I
knew, and I could also sec that he re
strained himself irom doing so. He called
on me a second time, chatted about a few
immaterial matters and departed, leaving
me in wonder as to when he would con file
anything further to me. Altogether, he
made about half a dozen of these visits,
and I concluded that he really did intend
to talk business every time lie came, but
that his courage failed him aa soon as he
got in the office.
"Finally he got up courage enongh to
tell me tie was not only an inventor but
that c reaily had an invention. He
asked me if he could place confidence in
me. I replied, 'Do you mean as a friend
or as an attorney?' He said, 'As both.'
I told him that I could not recall any oc
casion in which I had violated a friend's
or a client's confidence and that I thought
I was fully capable of attending to any
business he might wish me to transact for
him. He said that if his secret were made
public prematurely it would mean the
loss to him of an immense fortune. He
further assured me thai it wa« an inven
tion that anybody would willingly steal if
they had the opportunity. I talked to
him for a little while and succeeded in
assuring him that if such were the case I,
as an attorney, would be just as anxious
to protect his interests as he would be
himself.
"I am telling you the details of my first
meeting with this inventor because they
carry with them a good idea of the nature
of the man and also are evidence of his
sincerity and belief in the practicability
of his invention.
"He is a resident of Oroville and a man
of wealth, about 47 years of age, and a fine
looking fellow. He does not talk for five
minutes without convincing his hearer
that he is a man of more than ordinary
intelligence. The first time he talked to
me of his invention he got as far as tbe
word airship; then I laughed, and laugned
heartily.
"What kind of whisky have you been
drinking?" I asked him.
This made him indignant, and had I
laughed any longer be certainly would
have got very angry and I should have
most probably have lost a client.
"'I have not been drinking, sir,' he
said, 'and when 1 do it is not whisky.'
"Even that answer did not assure me,
and I again said, 'Have any members of
your family ever been in the lunatic asy
lum?'
"He did not appreciate this any more
than my other remark, and drawing him
self to his full height and stamping one
foot on the floor, he replied, 'No, : sir, I
am a man of business. I have come here
on a business errand, and had I not met
you previously and been convinced that
I could trust you I think our acquaintance
would end right here. However, I can ex
cuse yonr surprise, for everybody believes
that ah inventor must naturally be crazy
until he has proved that his invention is
practicable. Then, I suppose, people call
him a genius. I have got over the crazy
stage, but I do not yet claim to be a
genius; but 1 certainly am practical.
"He then proceeded to tell me of his in
vention. He has been working for spvfral
hh C a n.'rt n nf 1° °f d " tO avoid """Pinion on
the part of local people he has had all the
machinery and material shipped from
The Point Arena Lighthouse, Near Which the Steamship San Eenito Was Wrecked.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
The Great Airship That Is Startling the People of Many Cities. Drawn From
Descriptions of the Inventor's Attorney, George D. Collins.
the East in such manner as not to excite
curiosity.
"Of course I am informed regarding
nearly all tie details, but I am not at lib
erty to talk about them. As near as I c.in
recollect the propelling power is produced
by compressed air, which works the arms
and also produces the light. There is in
the airship a little motor of sufficient
power to produce the brilliant light that
everyb >dy has seen. As soon as he told
me this 1 hinted that it would be a good
thing to make the matter public, but he
refused, saying that publicity at that time
wouid call attention to his work, would
The Pacific Improvement Company's Steamer San Benito on the Rocks Two Miles North of Point Arena, and the Steam Schooner
Point Arena Standing On and Off Ready to Lend Assistance. Chief Engineer Wood and Five Men Reached the Steam
Schooner, but Captain Smith and 27 Men Had to Take to the Rigging of the San Benito. This Sketch Was Drawn
From a Telegraphic Description of the Scene. Since Then, However, the Vessel Has Broken in Two.
interfere with the progress of his caveat,
and mignt prove the ruin of his enter
prise. Now he is not so particular. He
has informed me that It Is sufficiently ad
vanced for nim to patent, and tliat he can
take out successive patents for any other
contrivance he may invent in order to
I make his machine perfect.
''The next time we .met was quite re-
I cently and after the machine had been
I seen in various parts of the State. He told
I me that tho>>e fellows were right who
i talked to Tee Call reporter at Sacra
mento and were telling the truth. On the
Q&ht that it was been there he lle t Oro
ville in tbe afternoon, made a straight
trip to Sacramento, which is about sixty
miles, took a few turns over the Capitol,
wont off about fifty miles and descended.
On that occasion he made sixty miles in
forty-five m nutes, but I understand that
there is practically no limit to the speed
which can be atiained, provided the neces
sary machinery is made. I mean by this
that the principle of the airship would
almost admit of lightning si>ee<i, but that
conditions that have to be met of course
limit its power of resistance.
"1 believe, however that in a very short
time it will be able to make three miles in
two minutes, and the inventor tells me
that more is possible.
"The machine did pass over Oakland
last Fnday night. The inventor crime
from Oroville and descended near Hay- j
wards. Ido not know where the machine
is now, but 1 think all das yesterday it re
mained where i' descended. The inventor
is making trips every ni^ht and has been
dpir.g so for over two weeks, and any
night the ppople look in the sty tuey are
likely to see him. A week ag >he toid me
that it was neari7 perfect, with the excep- !
The New Champagne Vintage.
By its remarkable quality and dryness, with
out being heavy, the st>le;idid new vintage of
G H. Mumin's Extra Dry now being imported
is creating a. sensation. It should be t&sted to
be I uL y »i>P reci a ted. *
tion of a little wavy motion, which pro
duced tbe sensation very closely allied io
seasickness. This he was confident of pre
venting, and apparently from what is re
ported he has made tbe necessary adjust
ment to insure smooth flying.
"From every quarier I have received re
ports during the past few days of this
machine, and although there are many
who may still be skeptical regarding what
is claimed for it, I thoroughly believe that
it is now perfect."
R. B. Mitchell of the firm of Pierson &
Mitchell, San Francisco, called oh Mr.
Collins this evening to discuss the merits
of the new invention. Mr. Mitchell had
the idea when he called that Mr. Collins
had the inventor hidden in his house for
the purpose of keeping him from the pub
lic. Mr. Collins, how ver, denied this and
said that he could not really give any in
formation of the inventor's whereabouts.
"I have no doubt," said Mr. Collins,
"that if the night is at all pleasant the in
ventor is in his machine about half a
mile over the earth startling some of the
inhabitants of tiiis State. To-morrow
morning's papers . may possibly inform
you where ha was at this time. 1 believe
he has gone home, aud if he has he cer
tainly flew there."
Then Mr. Mitchell became very definite.
Continued on Second Page
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LOSS OF THE
SAN BENITO
The Steamship Wrecked on
the Beach Near Point
Arena.
EIGHT MEMBERS OF THE
CREW DROWNED.
Eleven Are Rescued and Twenty
Four Still Cling to the
Rigging.
FUTILE ATTEKPTS TO EFFECT
THEIR RESCUE.
Heavy Seas Break the Vessel in
Twain and Swep Over the
Unfortunates.
POINT ARENA, Cal., Nov. 22.— The
Pacific Improvement Company's steel
screw steamship San Benito was driven
ashore two miles north of the Point Arena
light by a gale at 1 o'clock this morning.
Eight of the crew were lost, eleven reached
the shore and the rest, twent-four in num
ber, are clingine to the rigging, swept
each minute by the charging surf. The
names of the Known dead are:
0. W. SCOTT, fiMt assistant engineer.
C. CONDON, second assistant engineer.
M. PENDERGAST, firemau.
M. SHERIDAN, measboy.
The steamer struck on tbe sand beach
and after breaking in two the stern swung
around and now lies about 500 feet from
the beach, stern in shore. The forward
part, on which the crew clings, lies broad
side to the sea about 100 feet north of the
afterpart of the ship and a little farther
out.
Part of the men are in tbe rigging
of the foremast and some are on the
wheelhou^e. The poor fellows in the
rigging can be seen moving up and down
in their efforts to keep warm, for they are
kept wet by continual clouds of spray
dh-hing upon thera, and the cold north.
wind blowing on them would chili any
one not a seaman in a very short time.
The latest reports from the wreck are that
the men are still hanging on and eagerly
watching for the expected tug which fiey
think will surely be sent by the owners of
the vessel. The people on chore have
built great fires from wood gathered on
the beach, so a bright light is cast onlo
the wreck.
The San Benito, Captain Smith, left
Tacoma on Wednesday afternoon with a
cargo of 4000 tons of coal for Ban Fran
cisco. It encountered head winds all the
way down and the crew did not see land
until Saturday. Then a heavy rain felL
They could not see any distance from the
ship, but from the log believed they had
passed Point Arena.
At 1 o'clock this morning the steamship
struck suddenly north of Point Arena light
house and immediately blew ita whistle
for assistance. The surf was very high,
seas breaking over the ship, which almost
instantly broke in tbe middle, just back
of the smokestack. The crew, in charge
of First Assistant Engineer Scott,
launched a boat containing nine men, but
it was swampea immediately and onlji
four reached the shore, nearly exhausted.
Three of the survivors started inland
NEW TO-DAT .;■.■,-, ;■:
9£fe , Like an open
mSW book, our faces tell
y J3 ".the tale of health or
/s*"v/ , i&*\- , .^disease. \ Pain and
I^AifsJ^^^ifir suffering and wrong
k / r^>3HW' living write their
»^g£^£|flB3|g^ /<^ history on our fea-
■R^afigß' '" tares in " unmistak-
my |"!J!Si^s^ able lines. Hollow
Wv~^y^ * 0 . cheeks and sunken
f^^^y /I eyes, listless steps
Wi^ y /k an( l languorous
if[7^** > *^Ji looks tell of wasting
BlmT i \l'' debilitating disease
Bb\Vl W. V* some place in the
Gro*^ "y> body. It may 'be
' '_*- *J one place or an-
."'V :. ' -• I other, the cause is
generally traceable to a common source
—impure blood, and' impure blood starts
in the digestive organs.
That most dreadful disease— consump-
tion is what is known as constitutional.
It is in the blood. In reality, it is scrof-
ula of the lungs, and it can be cured 98
times in 100 if proper treatment be taken
in its early stages. • Sending good, clean,
pure, ■ rich, .wholesome blood i continu-
ously , through the diseased . parts .will
gradually ... eradicate the disease. If the
medicine s taken ,■ be j strongly , purifying,
healing . and soothing, the cure will ; be .
even more rapid. ..  , . : ,
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
purifies ; the blood, - stimulates digestive
action, searches out disease-germs, wher-
ever they exist and puts the whole body
into a vigorous, strong and healthy con-
dition. , It builds up solid, useful flesh,
rubs out t wrinkles,' brightens the eyes
and makes life really worth ' living. A
big book of 160 pages telling all about it
and ' full of » good, sensible health hints,
with numerous testimonial 1 letters and
reproduced photographs and addresses
of those cured, will •be sent free to any
one who sends six cents to cover postage.
Address, World's Dispensary Medi-
cal "Association, 7 No.* 663" Main Street,
Buffalo, N. Y.
CAUTION. —Nothing else , urged
.by. a tricky, dealer, •. can be ■ "just . aa
good " for you to buy. ■2
and came to the house of O. W. Davis,
who aroused the neighbors and hastened
to the scene of the wreck after sending a
mau to the town of Point Arena, seven
miles distant, for help.
George Christopher, a fireman, jumped
overboard immediately after the ship
struck, and after a hard struggle reached
shore and started for the lighthouse,
whose light he could see as the storm had
suddenly ceased. He had been told a
life-saving crew was stationed there, but
when he came to Garcia River, which was
Fwolleh by rain, he could not pass. He
went to the ranch of Thomas Kenney,
who at once hitched up a team and started
for town, with Christopher and another
survivor, Narciso Layva, who had also
reached the house. Everybody in Point
Areua was aroused, and soon, after day
light the beach was covered with men
anxious to help.
The boat that was swamped came ashore
in good condition and the men on the
beach tried to reach the stranded steamer
in it, but failed. Meanw ile the steamer
Point Arena came into port at Point Arena
and landed its pasdeugers, and then
steamed to the wreck to render assistance.
A boat was put off from her and after two
hours' hard work and many narrow es
capes, it succeeded in getting Chief Engi
nsar Wood and five others off the rigging
and putting them aboard the Point Arena.
They tried a number of times to reach the
wreck again, but failed.
About 10 o'clock one of the sailors was
washed from the rigging into the sea, and
after a hard battle of twenty minutes the
men from shore waded in and pulled him
ashore, more dead than alive. Dr. Galli
son, from Point Arena, was on hand and
took charge of him. The water along the
beach is very muddy from the current out
of Garcia River and Brush Creek, which
makes it dillicult to keep afloat.
At 2 o'clock the steamer Weeett came up
and after trying to assist found she could
do nothing, so steamed back to the port at
Point Arena and landed her gun for
throwing life-line?, wrrieh was started
overland at once to the scene of the disas
ter. The watcher on shore tried to send a
line over the wreck by shooting from shot
guns and rifles, but without success.
A bout 4 p. m. a very large wave washed
over the wreck, aud it is believed that
three men were washed overboard. One
was pulled back onto the wreck, but the
other sank.
Ths scene was heartrending. Men,
women and children remained on the
beach since daylight without eating.
Kind-hearted farmers brought provisions
and milk for all, though none cared to
touch a morsel. Men were shouting,
women wrin ing their hands and crying,
every one trying to do or suggest some
thing, but all of no avail.
The men who have been rescued can
give no definite cause for the ship's get
ting so far out of her course, and ail ques
tioning will only bring the same answer:
"I don't know." Captain Smith and his
officers, except the chief engineer, who is
on the Point Arena, are still on tne wreck,
and until they can be seen nothing definite
can be learned.
Farmers who beard the steamer
whistling for help say they plainly saw
the headlight of the steamer and the light
from the lighthouse. One of the firemen
says the erst officer was on the bridge and
tbat Captain Smith was below when the
steamer struck, but until the excitement
is over nothine can be definitely known.
Tue steamer Weott's gun for throwing
lifelines arrived at sundown, but it proved
no better than the shotguns and rifles,
and no line has reached the unfortunates
yet
Great indignation is expressed by those
on shore at the seeming indifference of
the owners, as they could have had a tug
here by dark with everything necessary to
rescue the poor fellows.
So far not a body has been washed
ashore. The town of Point A.rena is de
serted, and there ore at least 300 people at
the scene of the wreck, who will watch all
night, ready to risK their lives to succor
the men in the rigging. The crew of the
boat from Point Areua who risked their
lives to-day are all heroes, and Messrs.
Cauehey, Lazarus, Cunningham ' and
Lighthouse-keeper Brownhead and an In
dian, who launched tne boat in the surf,
although they were unsuccessful deserve
medals for their bravery, for few life-sav
ing crews would have risked their lives as
they did to-day.
The steamers Point Arena, Weott and
Alcazar are still lying as close to the
wreck as possible, waiting until it will
not be positive suicide to send their boats
in to the doomed vessel. The survivors
who are on shore will not leave the beach,
and have hardly tasted food since being
rescued, as they say the food would choke
•tnern should they eat while their com
rades are suffering within speaking dis
tance.
Another party just arrived says the land
watchers are wide-awake and the poor fel
lows still in the rigging. They do not
tdink any one has been washed off since
dark, as the tide has gone out and the
spray does not dash as high, but a heavy
sea is still running.
The rescued men still refuse to talk or
give any opinion. It is apparent that they
do not intend to injure any one by saying
anything until they can see some of their
superior officer*.
POINT ARENA, Cal., Nov. 23.— A man
just come from the wreck (at 1:30 o'clock)
says the men have all cone from the rig
ging into the pilot-house. The sea is still
very rough. He heard a cry of "Man
overboard 1" just before he left, bnt could
see nothing. All three steamers are on
duty yet outside.
The men are now working here in a
blacksmith shop making bolts to shoot
from a gun to take a line across the wreck.
The> think they can get a line across be
fore daylight. Big fires are kept going at
the wreck.
HISTORY OF THE SAN REDITO.
Went Ashore Once Before in Almost the
Hame Matse.
The lone- predicted southeaster got in
its work yesterday. Reports from various
points between Cape Flattery and the
Golden Gate have been one continuous
tale of disaster, but never before has it
Struck so near home. Wreckage has
drifted ashore at Astoria, and the general
opinion is that some big American ship
feas gone down. An immeDse amount of
himber has been \ aised through, and
among it was the remains of a fore-and
gft schooner. Neither vessel has been
Identified, and the chances are that their
names will not be known until they are bo
long overdue as to be given up as lost.
The Umatilla went onto the rocks near
Port Townsend, the Araeo was lost at
Coot Bay, and now the San Benito is a
total loss on the rocks two miles from
the Point Arena light.
The San Benito went ashore while a hur
ricane from the southeast was blowing;
there was a thick fog and the rain poured
down in torrents. The moon was at its full,
but nevertheless was of very little astsist
CAPTAIN SMITH of the Wrecked Steamship San Benito.
ance, as its rays could not pierce the atraos
phere that surrounded the doomed ship.
Leaving Tacoma last Wednesday night or
Thursday morning, the steamer probably
had fair weather for twenty-four hours
and then ran into the southeaster that
swept over the City on Saturday night.
Just how Captain Smith managed to get
out of h!s course and allow his vessel to
go ashore above Point Arena remains to be
told.
The following is a list of the crew of the
collier on the last' payroll, October 20. The
officers and the men of the engineering de
partment are the same now as then, with
the possible exception of one or two fire
men and seamen:
Captain. William Smith.
Chief officer, R. Zolling.
Second officer, J. Swan.
Third officer, C. Zle.
Seamen — A. White, G. Johnson, C. Blan
berg, C. Jansen, J. Perry, J. Benson, J. A.
Barclay, O. Bemens, N. Nilgon, H. Fehm,
T. E. Foster.
Chief cook, J. W. Wilson.
Second cook, J. J. Wilson.
Messboy, M. Sheridan.
vVaiters— C. Meyers, J. Sheeran, F. Dean.
Engine Department— Chief engineer, L
W. Wood.
First assistant engineer, O. W.Scott.
Sectond assistant engineer, C.Condon.
Third assistant engineer, T. Cleary.
Water-tenders— W. H. Jeffs, J. McKeon,
J. Ward.
Storekeeper — W. Sloan.
Firemen— J. McDavid, B. Fahey, M. Pen
dergast, G. Christopher, J. Reilly, F. Fa
hey, H. Jackson, J. Walsh.
Coal-passers — C. .Brown, N. Leyva, W.
Sheehan, N. Fitzgerald, M. Fernandez, M.
Kelly.
This makes a crew of forty-three men.
Many of tbem are married.
The San B«nito carried a cargo of 5000
tons of Carbon Hill coal consigned to the
Sou'hern Pacific Railroad Company. Bhe
was bound from Tacoma to San Francisco,
and usually made three trips a muntb be
tween these ports. The Carbon Hill Coal
Company is one of the smaller wheels
wilbin the large wheel of the Southern
Pacific Company. The San Benito usu
ally made the down trip in three days,
and according to this reckoning she left
Tacoma some time last Thursday.
The San Benito mases the fourth ship
lost in the last few* years by the Pacific
Improvement Company. The others were
the Tacoma, built by the Cramps, which
went ashore on her first round trip after
roui/ding the Horn ; the San Pedro, which
wen 1 ashore in November, 1891, on
Brotchey Ledge. Vancouver Island, while
in clj.arge of an English pilot, and the San
Pab'o, which went down while chartered
on toe China run.
Tr*e San Benito was rieeed as a three
masted schooner and was of 3789 tons
gross burden. She was built in Scotland
in 1884, and when launched was called the
Kimberly. For some time she ran in the
South African trade, and later was sent
across the Atlantic with a general cargo
Chart of the Coast Line Showing
Where Three Steamships of
the Pacific Improvement Com
pany Have Been Lost in the
Last Thirteen Years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
for Philadelph'a. She went ashore in a
hurricane and C. P. Huntington bought
the wreck for $500. The Kimberly was
taken to Newport News and there was
renamed the San BeDito, and when
launched again the American flag flew at
hex mizzeu. She came around the Horn
in 1889 with a cargo of cement and oil,
and ever since has been carrying coal
from Puget Sound for the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
Once before the San Benito was ashore
in almost precisely the same position and
in the same place as she is now. On that
occasion she got off, but Captain Colville,
who was then in command, failed to re
port the matter to the Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers. In consequence, when the
annual inspection took place, the dents in
the bottom plates were found atrd the
story came out. As a result Captain Col
ville was suspended and Captain William
Smith took his place.
Captain Smith has been connected with
several unlucky ships, but this is the first
time he has ever had an accident scored
against him. In the old days he was mas
ter of the British ship Barnard Castle.
Soon after he left that vessel she crashed
onto Race Rock and became a total loss.
Next Captain Smith went as third officer
of the steamer Wellington, and later was
made master of the San Mateo. From
that steamer he was transferred to the San
Benito, and had been captain of her up to
the time of the disaster.
Chief Engineer I. W. Wood has had a
really remarkable experience while in the
employ of the Pacific Improvement Com
pany. He came around the Horn in the
Tacoma, and was in the engineer's depart
ment when that vessel was lost. He was
first assistant engineer of the San Pablo
when that vessel went ashore, and was
chief engineer of the San Pedro when it
was wrecked on the rocks at the entrance
to the harbor of Victoria, B. C. Now he
is chief of the San Benito when she is
being dashed to pieces on the rocks near
Point Arena. Chief Engineer Wood is a
nephew of Captain diaries Goodail of
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
First Assistant Scott and Second Assist
ant Condon are both well Known in ma
rine circles, but this will be their first ex
perience in a shipwreck. Chief Officer
Zolline and Second Officer Swan have
been with the San Benito for years and
are two of the most carelul officers who
sail out of the Golden Gate.
The San Benito was 340 feet long, 41
feet 2 inches broad and 17 feet 7 inches
deep. The managing owner was F. S.
Douty, secretary of the Pacific Improve
ment Company. The wrecker Whitelaw
left for the scene of the wreck last night
and Manager Schwerin of ihe Southern
Pacific went along to see what could be
done to salve the doomed steamer.
The Condon family have been very un
fortunate, as among the drowned is Sec
ond Assistant Condon, whose father was
chief engineer of the Bertha. Last year,
when the steamer was on her way to
Alaska, Condon Sr. was washed overboard
and drowned. The brother of the two
men who lost their lives at sea is chief en
gineer of the Spreckels tug Reliance.
PLEASED WITH THE PLAY.
Bryan Glad to Meat After Ilia Campaign
of Xalktng.
LINCOLN, Nkbr., Nov. 22.— W. J. Bryan
reached Lincoln from his Missouri hunt
ing trip to-night. He came alone and
was driven directly to his home. Mr.
Bryan said his outing was a thoroughly
enjoyable one, and being the first genuine
play spell since his nomination for the
Presidency at Chicago, he felt sreatly re*
freshed for having taken it He met a
number of warm friends in the cities
visited who helped to make his visit pleas
urable. Mr. Bryan's presence on the in
coming train was not generally known in
the towns through which he passed to
day, and it was a matter of some satisfac
tion to him that such was the case, as be
did not care to make any addresses on the
Sabbath. His homeward journey was an
eventfnl. To-morrow evening he will
leave for Denver, reaching there eerly
Tuesday morning. Mrs. Bryan will not
accompany him, as stated in a dispatch
from Springfield, Mo. He expects to be
back Dy Thursday.
Home of the Polish Alliance.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— The new
borne of the Polish .National Alliance at
Division and Noble streets was formally
dedicated to the use of the alliance this
afternoon. Impressive ceremonies were
held under the auspices of the local
alliance, and were participated in by dis
tinguished Polisu citizens from all parts
of the country. Chicago is said to have
more Poles among its residents than re
main in Poland, and is the headquarters
of the National Alliance, which was or
ganized in 1 880.
Keepers of a " Cum " Caught.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— Louis Harter
and his wife were arrested at their home,
991 Seminary avenue, this evening, and
the police found about $800 worth of stolen
property concealed in the house. Most of
it had been taken from the big depart
ment stores on State street, and the police
believe that the prisoners have been con
ducting a "fence" for other thieves.
Attempt to Hum a Hotel.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 22.— An
attempt was made early yesterday to
burn the Travelers' Home, a hotel in Old
Town. That the fire was of incendiary
origin was proven by the fact that the oil
haa been scattered about the building.
The hotel was not badly damaged, as the
flames were quickly extinguished. There
were between fifteen and twenty people
asleep in the hotel at the time.
A WINGED SHIP
IN THE SKY
Cbntinued from Urtt Page.
He said: "Mr. Collins, I have known
you for a long time to be a reputable man,
and one who has a character to sustain.
Now, on your honor as a professional
man, do you profess to believe all that
you have said and to put confidence in
the scheme of this inventor?"
"From what I have seen of the man
and his invention," said Mr. Collins, "I
have no alternative but to believe im
plicitly all I have said."
General W. H. H. Hart met Mr. Collins
in San Francisco to-day and talked with
him about the discovery. "I have no
doubt," said the general, "that this affair
is bona fide. I have seen the thing in the
air myself, and believe the ideas of this
Oroville inventor have proved to be prac
ticable."
Mr. Tyler, assistant librarian of the San
Francisco Law Library, was in company
with his sister and Mrs. Philbrook on
Friday evening and distinctly saw the
airship a little later than it was seen in
Oakland. This evidence fully bears out
the statement of the passengers and
motor-man of the Piedmont car, who
asserted that after it bad passed over St.
Mary's College it was headed for. San
Francisco. It was reported to-night that
a newspaper which has up to this time ap
parently been unaware that an airship
has been flying around the State was in
tending to credit the discovery to a young
dentut at Oroville. Mr. Collins was
asked about this and said that it was
absolutely without foundation, that the
inventor is not a aentist and is nearly 50
years of age.
Nautical men who have paid particular
attention to the various descriptions of
eye-witnesses of this airship declare that
the inventor has carefully followed out
the principle of flying exemplified by the
albatross. The machine itself closely re
sembles a bird, and when all the facts
connected with its construction are made
known it will doubtless be learned that
the Oroville man took a seabird for his
model and drew from it his inspiration.
SACRAMENTANS STARTLED
Thousands View the Great Airship
With Wonder.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 22— The en
tire city is in a fever of excitement, and
all that can be heard on every side is air
ship, airship, airship. The mysterious
aerial traveler paid this city another visit
this evening, and this time it passed
directly over the downtown portion of the
city and exhibited to wondering thousands
of the citizens its magnificent searchlight.
There could be no possible mistake, tor
there in plain view of all, moving slowly
along with a slight wavering motion, was
a large electric light, fully twice the
candle-power of an ordinary arc ligiit.
The light was at an enormous height and
still plainly visible, as the heavens were
entirely obscured by a mass of dark clouds,
which every moment threatened to burst
into a drenching rain, and in consequence
the mysterious light was thrown into in
tense relief against their dark background.
The light first made its appearance over
the lower portion of the city, and was
moving slowly into the wind in a south
westerly direction. One ot the first to see
it was Isaac Gough on Second and X
streets. As soon as he became fully satis
tied that it was the much-talked-of aerial
visitant he gave notice to all in the sur
rounding stores and hotels, and within a
few minutes the streets were black with
masses of excited people, all gazing
heavenward.
As the news spread the housetops be
came black with people, and frantic men
rushed wildly into telephonic communi
cation with their homes in order to in
form their wives and families that high up
in the heavens human beings were gayly
sailing through the air toward San Fran
cisco. The streetcars were an important
factor also in spreading the information
aa the motormen shouted the news to the
bystanders as their cars rapidly threaded
their nay through the crowded thorough
fares, and it needed but a wave of the
hand skyward to draw the attention of all
to the heavens.
Jacob Zemansky, the well-known down
town cigar man, obtained a powerful tele
scope and watched the light until it faded
into Dotbinznesß in the distance. In
speaking of it he said: "It simply passes
my understanding. If that was not an
electric arc light of intense power then I
never saw one. Looking at it with the
naked eye it seemed to move in a straight
line, but seen through the glass it rose
and fell like a boat on a gently swelling
tide. I could not distinguish any posi
tive shape, only a dare mass of mistlike
substance to which the light seemed to be
attached."
Mr. Car rag bar of the Saddlerock Restau
rant also gives a similar description of the
light and its movement!, and states that
in his opinion it was attached to an air
vessel of some description, and after being
in plain sight for over twenty minutes it
faded away in the distance.
Of the thousands who viewed the mys
terious visitant this evening, the vast ma
jority had been among the ranks of the
most pronounced skeptics ever since the
hrst publication of the subject in Tues
day's Call, for the reason that they are
living in the lower part of the city and
had failed to catch a glimpse of the light
on its previous appearance, and in conse
quence its reappearance descended upon
them like a clap of thunder out of a clear
sky. For over a week they had laughed
and jeered and treated the subject with
scorn and derision, but here before their
very eyes was the self-same vision which
had greeted their friends and neighbors
in the eastern portion of the city, and they
were forced by the evidence ol their own
eyes to abandon their unbelief.
As soon as it became fully evident to
all that the light was no meteor or ?tar, a
thousand stories were related of what
people had heard and seen on its previous
visitation.
Mr. Johnson, foreman of the Haegin
ranch, in company with another gentle
man, was driving across the bare plains
adjacent to the city last Tuesday nignt
whea they plainly heard a merry chorus
of human voices. The thing was un
canny and unreal. They were entirely
alone; on all tides stretched bare fields
without a bush or fence, no human being
was visible, nor was there a possibility of
secretion, and yet the merry chorus rang
out distinct, but faint. They stopped
their team and listened and looked, saw
the clear bright lignt high over their
beads, bat did not dream that but a short
distance above them human beings were
floating along on the night wind and fear
ing the riaicule of their acquaintances,
held their peace.
Another story which has come to light
is that an employe of the paint shop of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
ATTORNEY GEORGE D. COLLINS, Who Knows the Inventor
of the Great Airship.
has received a letter from one of the in
mates of the aerial ship, who was an old
acquaintance. This letter, postmarked
Oakland, stated that the writer had
made one of the crew of an airship which
made a most successful voyage last Tues
day night, and bad arrived in the vicinity
of Oakland about 12 o'clock. He stated
that the ship had worked beautifully
with tne exception that the motion was
very disagreeable.
He also stated that after making altera
tions and receiving patent rights the
vessel would be placed on exhibition, and
that this would occur before the first of
the coming month. It is claimed that
the painter's shopmates laughed the letter
to scorn, and that he wan so thoroughly
convinced that his friend was not mis
leading him that he wagered $20 that
what his friend bad written would come
to pass. This story was related by sev
eral, but is not authenticated, as they
would not betray the writer's name with
out his permission.
Colvin Brown, local representative of the
Chronicle, waß an eye witness of the mys
terious light thio evening. He has been
a skeptic of the most pronounced type
and was loth to believe the evidence of his
own eyes. Center of a group of the corner
of Seventh and X streets, he produced an
almanac to evdeavor to prove that the
planet Venus had left her orbit and was
coquetting with Sacramento. As his ex
planation was not received with favor he
started off in search of Sergeant Barwick
of weather fame to endeavor to prove the
mysterious light to be a meteor on the
warpath.
Of all the onlookers this evening the
employes of the streetcar system are the
most jubilant. They have been held up
to derision for over a week ; their lives
made miserable by jocular inquiries as to
the nature of the stimulants they mostly
imbibe and various inquiries as to when
ttsev intended to take a trip, etc.
"I am heartily delighted tbat the entire
city has seen this mysterious light to
night," said one of the motormen. "Now
thi9 eternal joshinz will cease. My life
has been a misery for the past week, but
i*ow all can see for themselves tbat we
were not stretching the long bow. It is
particularly aggravating, when one
plainly sets a phenomenal occurrence and
relates it, that he is treated as a gigantic
liar."
Assistant Superintendent Rosa of the
streetcar system is also jubilant. "I was
simply positive," said be. "that this light
was of an electrical nature. I heve made
a close study of this mysterious agent for
years. I saw this moving light for upward
of thirty minutes Tuesday night and was
positive that it was electrical. Also I
noticedits swaying and rising and falling
movement and was convinced in my
own mind that it was attached to a vehicle
of some nature. At first I thought it
might be in a balloon, but Knowing that
machinery requisite to produce a light of
t at volume and intensity would weigh
upward of a ton, I concluded that it might
possibly be that some one had solved the
problem of aerial navigation, and this be
lief was strengthened by observing that
the light was moving south against the
wind. lam now almost convinced that
the great problem has been solved and
that within a short time the air will be
peopled with ships."
This seems to be the public belief in this
city to-night among all who have wit
nessed the reappearance of this myster
ious light and never has there been wit
nessed such an overwhelming and sudden
change in public opinion as its reappear
ance has caused. In the corridors of the
hoteia groups of excited people clustered
discussing all the possibilities of this won
derful discovery. In the saloons healths
are being drunk to the successful discov
erer, and on all aides universal belief has
taken the piace of skepticism. Since the
reappearance of this mysterious light this
evening there has been a general search
made for copies of Wednesday's Call
which gave an exclusive account of the
first appearance of the aerial visitant and
a copy cannot be purchased for love or
money. Those possessing them brought
tbem out to read to their friends but re
fused to part with them.
OTHERS WHO SAW IT.
Stories That Corroborate the Fact
of the Invention.
The following letter from San Rafael
explains a phase of tne story that has not
yet come to light:
Ban Rafael, Nov. 22, 1896.
Editor Call: The mysterious light mentioned
in your valuable Daper this morning as seen
by several citizens in different parts of the
State, and which seems to mystify yourself as
well as your readers, is nothing more than an
airship, and of this fact I am perfectly cogni
zant. I think now that I am released of my
obligation of .secrecy, which I have kept for
nearly three months, as the experiment in
aerial navigation is a fixed fact and the public
or a few of the public at least have seen its
workings in the air.
In the latter part of last August I was hunt
ing in the Tamnlpais range of mountains, be
tween the hit k peak and Boliuas Bay. I
wounded a deer, and in chasing it I ran onto
a circular brushpile about ten feet in height in
a part of the mountain seldom visited even by
hunters. ,
I was somewhat astonished, and my curi
osity prompted me to approach it, when I en
countered a man who sang out: "What are
you doing here and what do you want?" I re
plied that "I had wounded a deer and was
chasing It." He said "that they had been
camping here for a month or so and had not
seen a deer, but if you think your deer is in
the neighborhood I will assist you in finding
it as we need a little meat in cam p." This mau
vent with me and in less than 500 yards
found my deer. We carried it into the brush
corral. And what a sight— a perfect machine
shop and an almost completed ship. I was
sworn to secrecy and have kept it till thi3 mo
ment. Six men were at work on the "aerial
Hhip." It is this ship that a few people have
seen at night on its trial trip. It returns to its
home before daylight and will continue to do
so until perfected. Yours, William Jordon.
E. A. Lamkin of 305 Larkin street says
he saw the airship at an early hour last
night making its way toward Sacramento
and soon fading away in the distance like
a falling meteor.
Walter Malloy, deputy sheriff and com
missary at the County Jail, says the light
of the airship was seen in San Francisco
Tuesday evening. His statement is as
follows:
"When I left the jail on Tuesday night
I happened to look in the direction of
Berkeley and I saw an unusual sight. It
was a strong white light, seemingly
moving. I thought at first it was a bal
loon with a lantern attached, but on a
closer observation I thought I recognized
a dark body immediately over the light,
somewhat of a different shape from a
balloon. The more I observed it the more
puzzled I became as to what it was.
Finally I dismissed it from my mind until
next mornine, wnen reading The Cali. I
saw that others had noticed the strange
light. Now I am fully convinced that
what I saw was the airship seen by others
who were nearer to it than I was. Yet
from my position on Kearny and Broad
way I had a good view of it and I am
ready to indorse what others have said re
garding its appearance."
Max Roberts, an employe of the West
ern Union Telegraph Company, engaged
in the capacity of a night watchman, says
he saw the airship about 11:50 o'clock
Wednesday night.
AN EXPERT'S OPINION.
Lieutenant George N. Chase,
U. S. A., Talks of the Won
derful Discovery.
Lieutenant George N. Chase, U. S. A.,
the inventor of an "aerodromic system of
transportation," was seen yesterday on
the subject at his residence ir. Oakland.
Mr. Chase has spent many years in in
vestigating the subject of aerial naviga
tion, and is thoroughly conversant with
the practical and theoretical difficulties
in its way. He has written a pamphlet
setting forth his ideas, and outlining a
sort of compromise between aerial navi
gation and the present system of trans
portation, which many engineers have
accepted as in the highest sense practical.
He said yesterday: "I have read some
of the accounts of the alleged 'airship.'
One in a morning paper yesterday was
rather confusing. The attorney for the
inventor in his statement say i that it is
150 feet Jong, and that the inventor
'moved some of the mechanism,' and
thereafter he saw it rise, the vings flap
ping to a height of about 90 f e« t, making
a series of circles, and descenU, etc He
says also: 'There was no mot ye power,
so far as I could see.' For a ptitent attor
ney who made the application for the
patent and drew up the specifications
this is a remarkable statement. He says
that his client has 'forsaken the ideas of
Maxim and Langley,' and yet states that
'it is built on the aeroplane system,' the
only system ever advocated by either— a
system which I showed in my monograph
published in St. Louis in 1894 was the
only possible one. As I said then:
Experiment has demonstrated the fact that
it Is possible to construct a vehicle possessing
the ability to arise in the air, carrying a con
siderable load, and capable ol being propelled.
The obstacles that have so far bt ffled mans
ingenuity are his ability to control the ma
chine even under the most favorable circum
stances and his failure to provide energy
enough to propel it to any considerable dis
tance. This latter difficulty cannot be over
come by any Known method of storing up po
tential energy in a structure which Is designed j
to sever all connection with terra fitma and
In which levity becomes of primal import
ance. • • • Flight is not a function of
levity but o( weight and power. Man if he
ever fly must closely imitate the flight of
birds. The fledgeling, after one or two abor
tive attempts, adjusts its motions successfully
and naturally to the accomplishment of per
fect flight. The rate of vibration of its wings
and the inclination of their surfaces to the
varying direction of the wind to the line oi
flight are instinctively changed wlih th« ra
pidity of lightning. Giueu a machine which
is capable of performing all the essential
functions of a bird in flight it is extremely
doubtful if the coolest human intellect could
ever be trained to control it safely under all
the conditions and circumstances whichjit
must inevitably encounter.
£While I said," continued Mr. Chsse,
"that the conditions seem too many, or,
rather the unknown quantities are at
present too few, lor a satisfactory solution
of this problem pure and simple, still it
must be conceded that considerable
progress has been made since that was
Much
Distress is caused by ipat disagreeable disease,
catarrh in the head, which can be cured only
by purifying the biood. Remember
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the Pest— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HOOCI'S Pills e nause »» indigestion,
11UUU ° * * lia . biliousness. 25 cents.
written toward the scientific solution ol
this great problem by Professor Langley,
Maxim in England, Chanute in Chicago
and Herr Lilienthal. I must say, how
ever, that if it has quietly Deen solved
upon a commercial basis in one of our
back counties it is very surprising, and the
secret has been remarkably well kept.
"One thing is certain — he is a rash man
who in these days asserts the impossibility
of anything in engineering.*"
PASSED OVER SAN JOSE.
The Air Craft Said to Have Been
Seen Sailing Toward Mount
Hamilton.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 22. — Frank
Everett, a young man residing in this
city, claims to have seen the mysterious
airship seen by the residents of Sacra
mento and elsewhere pass over the eastern
portion of this city about 11 o'clock to
night.
Everett said he was standing on Santa
Clara street, near East San Jose, wnen be
distinctly saw the airsnip high up in the
heavens. He claims that several persons
who were in that vicinity also saw the
ship, and that others whose attention wa3
called to it saw the flashlight of the craft
rapidly disappear. The ship was said to
be going in a southeasterly direction, to
ward Mount Hamilton.
H. Erlich drove up while the crowd was
standing gazing skyward and saw the
light disappearing. To him some of the
people said they distinctly saw the ship.
Neither he nor Everett knew the names of
any persons in the crowd, most of whom
were in carriages.
Experimenters Near Oroville.
OROVILLE, Cal., Nov. 22.— There seems
to be some foundation that the airship
which recently passed over Sacramento
was built in this neighborhood, but no in
formation can be obtained as to who the
builder could be. Rumor has it that two
parties were recently experimenting with
new and light gas which they expected
would outdo anything yet introduced for
balloon purposes. It is also asserted by
others that three or four comparatively
unknown parties of wealth have been for
several weeks experimenting with various
gases and feel confident of 3olving aerial
navigation.
kew to-dat:
— ■ ~~ \
Dollars and sense accomplish wonders
at Boos Bros, this week.
Closing sale of Men's All-
wool Suits at — never before
sold at any such price.
Men's Chinchilla Overcoats,
black and blue, worth $6 and
$7,. our price this week $4.
: Boys' Reefer and ; Zouave
Suits, for ages 3 to 10, $1.50.
/. Boys' Long Pants Suits, for
ages 12 to 19, neat patterns,
$4.50. '
Boys' Ulsters, with storm col-
lars, good styles and well made,
ages 12 to 19, $5.
French and Domestic Cardi-
gan Jackets, Bath Robes, House
Coats and Gowns.
Latest styles in Ladies' Hats.
V^2f^t- 33-35 37]{Ijflqg-agr
We know how to fill mail orders to suit.
When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
A Physician whose reputation- Is established
by ten years of successful practice in this city.
; 737 Market, st,, onn. Kxaminer Office. «
NERVOUS UEIIILITV and all
of its attending ailments, both of YOUNG,
MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. Indis-
cretions of Youth, Excesses of Mature '
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses, failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, inflamed glands,
varicocele, nydrocele, dizziness of the
head, gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a wandering mind.
HEART, IIRAIN, NEKVES—
Palpitations of ; the Heart, difficult
breathing, suffocating feeling, fullness
of head, fear of impending danger or
death,' a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose.
BLOODandKHO DISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any cause
whatever, Eczema, etc.
BLADDER — Irritability, Cystitis,
Stricture, eic.
EYE, EAR, NOSE, THROAT
scientifically treated and prompt. cured.
DISEASES OF WOMEN— AII
of their many ailments cured.
RITE if away from the city. ' Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all tba
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. , Call or address
DOCTOR SWEATY,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, C»i
Opposite Examiner Office. ■■ ■ **■*••
"
TS THB VERY BEST i NX TO Elittmi
1 your ey« and flt th*>m to Spectacle .^il?*
glaasea with instrument, of ffibSn iSSSnSI*"
whose superiority bas not been Lulled IS^S
COM bM be«u due to the merit. oJi^WkT* <U *FIERCE ONSLAUGHT
OF THE HUNGARIANS
Irish-Americans Battle for
 Their Lives With
Foreigners.
. Knives Freely Used and Scores
Stabbed During the Ter
rible Combat
Cinbs and Stones Are Also Favorite
Weapons and Many May Die
From Injuries-
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 22.— A riot
• occurred on the West Side here to-nigbt
"-.' between a score of Hungarians and as
many Irishmen, in which many men were
stabbed. Dirks, knives and clubs were
freely used and nearly all of the com
batants were more or less injured. Two
men were taken to the hospital in a dying
condition, two others cannot survive their
wounds and many are dangerously
wounded. The police arrived on the scene
' after the affair had been iv progress for
half an hour. They took seven men to
* jail and more will be arrested. The place
I where the trouble occurred is on Frank
lin-avenue extension, near Columbia
street, a district inhabited by Hungarians
and Irish-Americans.
About 6 o'clock Joseph and John
Sprends and James Carter became en
gaged in a quarrel. In the melee John
Sprends drew a pocket-knife and stabbed
Carter several times in the head. Mean
while Sylvester Carter, father of the boy,
arrived on the scene. He struck one of
the Sprends and was immediately knocked
down and brutally stabbed in the head
and back. He will die. By this time all
, (he Hungarians on the hill were out and
■ . taking a hand in the row.
The word was quickly passed among the
Irish that an Irishman was being killed.
The report had the effect of a spark on dry
tinder. In an instant fifty or more Irish
men were on the scene. With a whoop
they waded into the fray. More Hunga
rians came. Everybody was armed either
.with knife or club. Then ensued the live
liest mix up in the history of Cleveland.
■ Clubs were raited and slung with terrific
effect. A patrol wagon packed with po
lice officers dashed into the crowd of bat
tling men. There was a rush for escape,
and nearly all who were not too severely
wounded to run did get away.
The police found lying on the battle
field James Carter, who was stabbed in
, . the head and had his skull fractured; his
"father, Sylvester Carter, twenty stab
wounds; Billy Maloney, twelve deep stab
wounds and head supposed to be frac
.tured; Adam Shierman, stabbed three
times and blade broken off in a wound;
John O'Neill, stabbed in face and back;
Henry Schaefer, clubbed into insensibil
ity; William Zieker, cut in head and in
jured internally from being jure ped upon.
"Malloy was unmercifully clubbed and
slashed. Ue wae stabbed in the head and
• back fully a dozen times. After receiving
the first cut he tried to escape by running
down Franklin street. He was pursued
by the swarthy Huns, who kept sinking
their knives and dirks into his back while
running. He finally dropped from weak
ness. Shierman received two stabs in the
head and an ugiy gasb in the right shoul
der-blade, and a portion of the blade is
still in his back.
The police arrested John and Joseph
Sprends, Michael Zieker, Antone Ballash,
2-1 years old; Michael Zieks and John
Spousler. They were locked up, charged
with rioting and cutting to wound. A
general alarm was sent out and the police
•. are now searching for other rioters.
CONFESSES A FIENDISH CRIME.
Charles H. Elliott Admits Having Killed
Guy Hutsonpiller, His Comrade
and Roommate.
OMAHA, Nebb., Nov. 22.— Charles H.
EUiott, or George Elliott, who was ar
rested at Cedar Rapids, lowa, on a train
from Oma^a, and is now in the County
Jail charged with the murder of his friend
and roommate, Guy Hutsonpilier, made a
confession to-day in the presence of wit
nesses, admitting that he killed Hutson
piller, but claiming that he committed
the crime in the beat of passion and that
he did not realize until afterward the en
ormity of his deed. The police still be
lieve the murder premeditated, and claim
• the confession is made in the hope of se
curing a lesser punishment.
According to the statement of the pris
oner he had a dispute with Hutsonpiller
over a small balance, and both losing their
temper a quarrel resulted in which he
says, his friend threatened to whip him.'
He tden picked up a coupling t>in which
was in the room and struck Hutsonpilier
on the head with it. He then went out
and purchased some chloroform with
which he saturated a towel and placed it
over the injured man's face. He *ays that
Hutsonpiller was alive and he left him so,
and when he had attended to settling his
bills he left town. He declares that h*
had no knowledge of bis friend's death
until after his arrest. After he first hit
Hutsonpiller, he says, his mind became
confused, and except for the chloroform
incident he can remember nothing until
he started for the depot. He admits hav
ing taken $21 35 from bis roommate's
pockets, but insists tbat his story of re
ceiving $100 in a letter the day before the
killing is true.
SENATOR CHANDLEN'S VIENS
J)iff*r» With John Sherman in Regard
to Tariff I.rgitlation.
NEW YORK, H. V., Nov. 22.— Senator
Chandler of New Hampshire is at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel. In conversation
with a representative of the United Asso
ciated Presses to-day he denied that he
was seeking a Cabinet position, but said
tbat the Republicans of New Hampshire
' would like to see Governor Buseil in the
Cabinet. With regard to the tariff, he
stated that he differed with John Sher
man's views recently expressed on that
matter and aaid:
"The reason Senator Aldrich made the
statement tbat no tariff legislation could
ue enacted this coming session was to
counteract the effect of what Senator
Sherman had aaid. I agree with Senator
Alarich. Senator Sherman being at the
bead of the Finance Committee and en
joying great distinction, made the asser
tion that the Dingley bill could pass.
This would naturally create the impres
sion that we would soon have relief in
that direction. It is a seriout question
whether it could pass or not. but the
chances are that it would not."
He was oi tho opinion, however, that
the provipious of the Dingley bill provid
ing for the issue of short-time bonds to the
amount of $50,000,000 could be passed and
for the present the expenses of the Gov
ernment could be tided over. He ex
pressed himself as in favor of the passage
of this provision.
"I am ODposed to the hurrying through
of any imperfect tariff measure," he added.
"Better tate time and pass a bill that will
suit and give general satisfaction." The
Senator said he did not believe in trying
to read out of the party certain Republi
cans who were for silver. He declared
that he looked on them still as good Re
publicans and felt they would co-operate
with the Republicans in passing a tariff
measure.
COLLAPSE OF THE NAIL TRUST.
Ruinous Expenditures in Buying Up Com-
petitors and Paying "Inspectors" Force
the Combine to the Wall.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— A morning
paper says: The great wire-nail trust
which has levied tribute on the people of
the United States since January 1, 1895,
has coilapsed, and will endeavor to wind
up its affairs by December 1. Sales agents
representing miils within the pool were
yesterday scrambling to sell nails at $1 70
per keg in Chicago, wh.ch is precisely $1
per keg below the trust's circular price,
and jobbers were selling in lots of from 1
to 1000 kegs from store at $2 per keg. Be
fore the end of the present week the price
will undoubtedly be down to $1 25 per
keg, or within 30 cents of the lowest price
they ever sold here. The trust has thrown
up both hands, and in a circular to the
jobbers gives them liberty to sell at any
price they please.
Troubles have multiplied on the trust's
head very rapidly during the last ei^ht
months. In that time the stream of dol
lars which poured into its coffers during
the early months of its career had to be
used to buy up at rouud prices the oppo
sition mills which sprang up on all sides,
as well as to meet a multitude of other
expenses. Not the least of these was the
maintenance of a regular force of in
spectors almost as large as the Govern
ment's secret service, to keep all the
members of the pool "toting fair." For
this and kindred purposes the trust im
posed a personal tax of f 1 50 per keg on
all the nails sold by its members, and re
bated to them the difference after the ob
jects sought rere accomplished. A fund
of $1,500,000 was returned to members on
the showing made four months ago, but
since that time the trust's officials and
commissioners have incurred liabilities of
mucn more than this in their desperate
tight to keep the trust going. These lia
bilities will have to be met by the mdi'
vidual mills composing the trust, aud a
long drawn out period of litigation is
highly probable.
The advance of 15 cents per keg, ordered
by the trust at its March meeting in this
city.was the act which marked the trust's
downfall. This put the base price of nails
at Pittsburg at $2 55, which under the pe
culiar terms of its nail card meant that
the lowest figures at which any nails
could be bought there was |3 05 per Keg.
This meant $3 20 in Chicago, and made
the range of commercial nails to the West
ern consumer $4 to $5 per keg. This re
sulted in an immense curtailment of the
demand and in turn forced the trust to
close up 90 per cent of its mills and throw
its workmen out of employment in order
to reduce the output to comply with cur
rent needs. The entire sales of nails by
the trust mills during July were but 20,
-000 kegs and in August but 25,000 kegs,
though the output agreed upon for these
months was 60,000 and 50,000 kegs respec
tively. The March output reached 950,000
kegs.
J. H. Parks of 608 Sears building, Boston,
was the originator of the pool and was its
"commissioner." To him was delegated
the task of holding the association to
gether, and for this service he collected
one cent per keg on each keg of nails sold
in this country, besides a large appropri
ation for "secretaries' " salaries and main
tenance of the inspection bureau. The
association now has on its hands a large
collection of leases of factories which it
closed up; also numerous contracts with
manufacturers of nail-making machinery
who were prevented from selling to the
trust's competitors.
«
FIVE CHILDREN BURNED TO DEATH.
Perished in a Burning Residence While
Their Parents Were Away Attend
ing a Dance.
HAMILTON, Mo., Nov. 22.— A few miles
north of here five children of Mr. and
Mrs. Snyder Neal were burned to death
late last night while the parents were at
tending a dance.
Soon after starting home the Neals and
those accompanying them discovered that
the Neai residence was on fire.
When they reached the burning build
ing the father saw his 11-year-old girl ly
ing burning in the front door clasping her
3-year-old brother in her arms. The
flames prevented rescue. The children
were then dead.
The father fell in a . swoon and has bee n
a raving maniac ever since. Nora,
9 years old, is the only survivor of the lire.
She says Callie 13, Hattie 11, Clarence 5,
Julian 3, and herself retired at the usual
hour in an upstairs chamber. The next
she knew the tire was coming through
the floor and soon the room was enveloped
in flames.
♦" ' •
LITELY FIGHT AT A MEETING.
Members of the Armenian Revolutionary
Hoextty Aot in Accord
LYNN, Mass., Nov. 22.— A meeting of
the Henchagist Armenian Revolutionary
Society this evening broke up in a lively
fight. Chairs were thrown and knives
drawn, but no one was seriously injured.
There are two brandies of the society in
Lynn, and the meeting was called to con
sider the advisability of combining. Some
Armenians were present, including a
traveling organizer, who had just re
*ur°fd from London, England, where be
had been in consultation with the Euro
pean head of the society. Speakers who
addressed the meeting in favor oi amalga
mation were interrupted.
One became angry and asserted that
those responsible for the interruptions
were not members and should not be al
lowed at the meeting. This was the sig
nal for hostilities. Men in the gallery
picxed up the seats ou which they B at and
hurled them at their countrymen on the
floor below, who were not slow to respond
in kind. The row was becoming general
as the malcontents in the gallery nad al
lies in the body of the hall, when a half
dozen police arrived. They cleared the
hall with difficulty.
The rote in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 22.— The
election lab illation.-, and footings are all
ready for the official canvass of tbe vote
which takes place to-morrow. These foot^
ings show the total vote at the last elec
tion to have been 637,259. They show
the following pluralities, all for Republi
cans: McKiniey, for President, 17,978;
Mount, for Governor, 26,177; Haggard, for
Lieutenant-Governor, 21.673; Owen, for
Secretary of State, 25,978; Daily, for Audi
tor of Statp, 19.828; Scholz, for Treasurer
of State, 27,118; Ketcham, for Attorney
General, 20,836.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
CLARA BARTON'S
MISSION OF MERCY
Noble Work Done by the
Representatives of
the Red Cross.
Food and Medicine Given to the
Persecuted Race of
Armenians.
There Is Yet Much to Be Done in
Relieving the Distress of the
A fl cted Christians.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 22.-Graphic
and complete reports of the American re
lief expedition to Asia Minor last winter,
spring and summer, under the Red Cross,
have been made by Miss Clara Barton,
president, and the officers and agents
associated with her in the mission of
mercy. The reports have been completed
and will soon be published. That of Miss
Barton is quite extensive, covering in a
general way the work of the several expe
ditions sent out from Constantinople, the
details of which their leaders supply. Miss
Barton's references to the attitude oi th -•
Turkish Government toward the relief
work she directed are interesting and val
uable, and will have considerable influ
ence on public opinion.
The work undertaken by the American
Red Cross had its inception in the reports
of the terrible sufferings endured by tae
Armenians and from requests of Rev.
Judson Smith of Boston, secretary of the
American Board of Commissioners for
Foreign Missions, and of Spencer Trask,
connected with the National Armenian
committee organized in New York.
The party sailed January '22 on the
steamship New York under grave uncer
tainty as to the Red Cross representatives
being permitted to enter Turkey. The
Turkish Minister's pronunciamento was
found to be official upon arrival at South
ampton, with the proviso, however, that
such persons as United States Minister
Terrell designated would be received. The
general field agent was dispatched to Con
stantinople to center with Minister Ter
rell, while Miss Barton and the rest of the
party remained in London. The confer
ence being satisfactory Miss Barton pro
ceeded to Constantinople, reaching there
February 15, meeting a cordial reception
from the United States officials and from
the missionary board of Constantinople,
to which she refers with much feeling and
respect.
Her first interview with Tewfifc. Pasha,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, in the pres
ence of Miss Terrell, in which Miss Bar
ton explained the objects of the mission
of herself and associates, is especially in
teresting and exhibits the Turkish states
man in an attitude quite attractive.
As will be generally remembered, the
pronuuciamento prohibiting the Red
Cross from going to Turkey was the natu
ral result oi the free expression of our
opinions in public assemblages and
through the press, tio at the beginning
of the wort considerable delay in
sending out the first expedition, arranged
in less than one week after arrival, wa3
caused by the receipt at the Turkish Gov
ernment in Constantinople of a quantity
of American newspaper clippings adverse
in tone to the Turkish administration.
The Government censor wanted to know
what they all meant and whether they
had any connection with Miss Barton's
work before permitting her to proceed.
Translations showed that there was
nothing official in the publications. The
request for delay was withdrawn.
The relief was then carried into the dis
tressed districts by their five expeditions,
under charge of Dr. Hubbell, E. M. Win
stor and C. K. Wood. Dr. Ira Harris of
Tripoli, Syria, in aid of the work, took
charge of the medical relief in Saitoun and
Marash, where 20,000 people were striken
with contagious diseases.
Theseexpeditions penetrated the interior
at a distance of a thousand miles from
Constantinople, going in at the Medi
terranean and out at the Black Sea, cross
ing the Taurus Mountains and the
Euphrates in both the snows of winter
and the suns of midsummer.
Miss Barton speaks ol the labors of her
associates on these expeditions with sin
cere approval, paying them a high com
pliment for their faithfulness and devotion
in the face of almost iuconceivable diffi
culties, which confidence and good-will is
manifestly not without return on their
park
Miss Barton returns thanks to the press
of the United States, to all contributors to
the relief fund, to the National Govern
ment, especially totlie Secretaries of State
and of the Navy, all the officials of the
Unitea States legation in Constantinople,
and to the Embassadors of England, Ger
many and Russia for substantial aid in
carryihg out the purposes of the mission.
In conclusion Miss Barton says not
withstanding all that has been done
through all agencies infinitely more re
mains to be done by some one. "Between
the Archipelago and the Caspian Sea, the
Black Sea and the Mediterranean," she
says, "are to-day living a million and a
half of people of the Armenian race, ex
isting under the ordinances of at least
semi-civilization and professing the re
ligion of Jesus Christ According to the
stated estimate of intelligent and impar
tial observers of various countries and
concurred in by our own agents, whose
observations have been unrestricted, from
100.000 to 200,000 of the persons— men,
women and children — are destitute of rai
ment, fire, food, medicines and the com
forts that tend to make human life pre
servable, or any means of obtaining them
save through the charitable ben«fic ence of
the world. 1 '
BATTLE OF CHURCH FACTIONS.
St. Stanislaus Parish the Scene of a Bitter
Riot During Which Threats of Using
Dynamite Are Made.
BAY CITY, Mich., Nov. 22.— St. Stanis
laus parish, which has at various times
for two years been the scene of incipient
riots over the deposition of its favorite
priest, was the battle-ground at intervals
for seven hours to-day of two factions into
which the parishioners have divided.
When trouble ceased this evening it was
ascertained tbat one policeman and about
twelve of the church members had been
injured, but none seriously.
The trouble started at high mass when
Father Bogacki announced that the anti-
Matitowski faction could not examine the
church accounts. Eighty men left the
church. When mass was over a great mob
had gathered about the vestry door and
refused to permit the pastor to return to
his residence.
Father Bogacki's friends came to his
rescue and there was a regular fight. The
forces of the pastor were repulsed owing
to lack of organization and clubs. When
the police came they clubbed a way for
Father Bogacki and had landed him on
the rectory steps, when the anti-Mat
kowski faction made another charge.
Priests and officers were driven back to
the vestry. Here Father Bogacki re
mained a prisoner without food or drink
until about 7 o'clock this evening, when
Frank McPhillips, editor of the Tribune,
learning that threats of dynamiting the
church bad been made, drove to the scene
and per.-uaded Father Bogacki to quietly
leave the building with him. After the
priest had departed the mob dispersed.
The church was locked by the police and
a strong guard placed in the pastoral resi
dence. To-morrow the church will be
opened. Trouble is expected, as Doth fac
tions will be out in force.
"WHY, THEN, MAY NOT I?"
Rouss, the Sightless Multi-Millionaire,
Hopes to Receive Vision by the
Wonderful X Ray.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 22.— Perhaps
one ol the first to try the new cure for the
blind discovered by Thomas A. Edison,
the wizard of Menlo Park, will be Charles
ii. Rouss, the Bightless multi-millionaire.
Mr. Rouss is eagerly following every one
of Elison's experiments with the Roent
gen rays, and just as soon as he believes
there is a possible chance of success he
will submit himself to the treatment
. Mr. Rouss offered $1,000,000 to any one
who would restore his sight. This offer
attracted everybody from the scientist to
the crank, and Mr. Rouss found it im
possible to try all the remedies offered,
and engaged a young man named John
Martin, also blind, to submit to any and
all tests bafore they were tried on him.
If the wizard will consent, Martin will
probably be his first patient.
Mr. Rouss declares if Mr. Edison thinks
he can do him any eood he is willing to go
out to Menlo Park and stay a year. He is
hopeful of the X rays, too, and points to
the fact that a blind boy in San Francisco
was made to see by them, and aska, ''Why,
then, may not I?"
AN ATTEMPT TO WRECK A TRAIN
Two Rails Fastened Across tbe Track, but
the Plot Was Frustrated by a Timely
Warning.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 22.— An at
tempt, with a view of robbery, was made
this evening to wreck the Union Pacific
southbound passenger train leaving Ogden
at 6 o'clock and due in Salt Lake an hour
later. The plot was frustrated by the rail
road people receiving an anonymous warn
ing that somethine was going to happen,
in consequence of which the train crew
was re-enforced and instructed to keep a
sharp lookout. The train proceeded very
slowly until it reached a point where two
rails were laid across the track and se
curely fastened in such a way as to cause
derailment had Yhe train been going at or
dinary speed. The spot selected, near
X ivsville, about eighteen miles from Salt
Lake, was miles from any house and an
ideal place for a robbery. Three suspicious
characters have been arrested, but it is
doubtful if tney are the guilty parties.
HORRIBLE DEATH OF A PALLBEARER
Plunges Into a Grave and Is Fatally Injured
by Being Struck by the
Falling Coffin.
DOUBLE SPRINGS, Ala., Nov. 22.—
John Welton met a horrible death at
Shiloh burying-ground, near here, yester
day afternoon. He was one of the pall
bearers at the funeral of Junius Roberts,
a farmer. The coffin was lowered into the
grave by strap?.
The strap held by Welton and another
man snapped as the coffin was beinjr low
ered. Welton lost his balance as the strap
broke and fell headlong into the gr*v<»,
which was six feet deep. At ths same
time the rear end of tbe coffin, which had
been held by the broken strap, also
plunged downward. The falling coffin
struck Welton on the head and banned
him against the side of the grave, which
was of hard soil. Mr. Welton was ex
tricated, but died two hours afterward.
COLLOM MAY GET A PLACE.
Poatible Promotion of the Senator to
McKinley't Cabinet.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— A morning
paper says: There was an unusual
amount of talk yesterday among the
Republicans concerning Senator Cul
lom's possible promotion to the Cabinet.
The opinion that he may be recognized by
McKinley is gaining ground, and a good
many men yesterday were wondering who
would be his successor in the Senate if he
did receive a Cabinet portfolio. It is con
ceded that Chicago or Northern Illinois
will name Palmer's successor, and Central
or Southern Illinois undoubtedly would
claim the right of filling the vacancy
which would be occasioned if Senator
Cullom should resign.
It seems the matter has been the subject
of comment in inner Republican circles
for some months, and ex-Governor Fifer
has been sounded time and again as to his
wishes in the premises. Mr. Fifer has
told a number of tbe most prominent
Republicans in Cook County that under
no circumstances would he be a candidate
for the United States Senate or any other
elective office.
TALK ABOUT THE TARIFF.
Visitor* to Major McHinlr.y Discing the
Dinqley Bill.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 22.—President
elect McKinley attended divine service
this morning without the company of his
wife, although he took her for a drive
during the early . hours of the forenoon.
This afternoon at the family dinner Major
McKinley had as guests benides Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, Mother McKinley, Miss Helen
McKinley and a sister of Mrs. Abner Mc-
Kinley.
During the past week many of the visit- 1
ing Congressmen have talked tariff with
the President-elect and the Dingley bill
has been the burden of conversation. It
is said a majority of the callers agreed
that, it would not be an easy matter to
pass that measure, and that it would be
wiser to have an extra session of Congress
for the purpose of drafting a new tariff
law.
Major McKinley to-day said he ex
pected to be in Canton Thanksgiving
day.
Sentence of a Bank- Wrecker.
HEBRON, Nebr., Nov. 22.— Captain J.
H. Stickle, for years a leader in politics in
Central Nebraska and president of the de
funct Blue Valley Bank of this place, was
last night convicted of wrecking tbat insti
tution and sentenced to two years in the
penitentiary by Jud^e Hastings. The
specific charge on which he was convicted
was the embezzlement of $800 of the bank's
funds. Captain Stickle made an unsuc
cessful race for Congress as an indepen
dent Republican in the old Second dis
triot.
Death of an Acrobat.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— Hoard Dun
ham, the acrobat who was injured in the
spine while attempting a triple somer
sault in Barnum & Bailey's circus a few
weeks ago, died yesterday in the Chicago
Hospital on Forty-ninth" street. He had
lingered to lone that yesterday morning
his physicians were hopeful of ultimate
recovery. His death then came quietly.
Fink Writing-papers, Envelopes, Fountain
Pens and Visiting Cards at Saabora & VaU's.*
FARMER MORTON
MAKES A REPORT
Telling Figures Gathered
by the Agricultural
Department.
Improvement in the Force
Causes a Saving of Two Mil
lions in Three Years.
Facts to Show That the United States
Should Control the Markets
of the World.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 22— In his
fourth annual report the Secretary of
Agriculture shows that with $180,000 that
may be saved from the appropriations for
the current fiscal year there will have been
covered back into the treasury Bince
March 7, 1893, over $2,000,000. That this
great economy was effected without any
loss of efficiency he attributes in a large
degree to the improvement in the per
sonnel of the force under the civil service
rules.
One more step Secretary Morton deems
necessary to complete the system of civil
service In his department. This is the
appointment of a director in charge of
bureaus and scientific investigations, who
shall be designated to serve as acting Sec
retary in case of absence simultaneously
of tbe Secretary and Assistant Secretary.
He declares that the chiefs of the scientific
bureaus and their divisions and their as
sistants do the actual thinkiner and rea
soning for the development of agricul
tural science, and adus that the persons
are not adequately compensated. He
states that during the past few years no
less than thirty-two skilled experts in the
department service have left it to take
positions in institutions of learning at sal
aries averaging fully 50 per cent highex
than they were getting from the Govern
ment. The inspection of animals intended
for food is treated at length.
Mr. Morton urges that the Government
inspection should be extended to all ani
mals intended for human food, whether
for consumption in the United States or
abroad ; but he maintains tbat the cost of
this inspection should be paid by the
packers. The total consumption of meat
in Great Britain for the year was 1,100,000
tons, 75 per cent of which was produced
at home, the remaining 25 per cent being
produced abroad. Of the live meat arriv
ing in Great Britain during the first half
of the year 1896 the United States supplied
75 per cent of the cattle and 45 per cent of
the sheep. The testimony of the depart
ment reports abroad is that cattle from
the United States arrive in English ports
in excellent condition. The Glasgow mar
ket is especially commended to American
shippers, as in that city cattle from the
United States compete with the very high
est quality of British cnimals.
American packers are not participating
in the profits of the growth in consump
tion of swineflesb and hog products in
Great Britain as much as they ought, be
cause they do not cure meats to suit to
British demand; on the other hand, Dan
ish and Canadian packers are increasing
their shipments every year. American
bacon averages about 2 cents per pound
below Continental and Irish bacon, and
about 3 cents below English.
The shipment of American horses to
England is steadily increasing. In 1893
Great Britain took 13,573 American horses,
nearly 23,000 in 1894 and 34,000 in 1895,
but during the first nine mouths of 189b"
more American horses were shipped into
England than in any previous twelve
months.
The seeds distributed gratuitously by
the Government during the present fiscal
year weighed 230 tons and occupied thirty
mailcars in transit. The cost of carry
ing them through the mails was over $70,
-000. Enough seed was sent out gratuit
ously to plant 115 square miles of garden.
Each Congressman received enough to
plant 163)^ acres. For the current year at
present prices, the amount required by
Congress to be expended in the purchase
of seed will make each Congressman's
quota double what it was last year. The
becretary regrets this unnecessary and
wasteful expenditure of public money,
and hopes Congress may in good time put
a stop thereto.
Secretary Morton refutes the idea pre
vailing that the farms of the West and
South are more heavily burdened with
mortgages than those of the East and
Northeast. States along the North
Atlantic, he says, are quito heavily incum
bered with farm mortgages, and New
Jersey carries a debt of this kind greater
in proportion to its farm valuations than
any State in the Union.
Referring to the stress of competition
which the American farmer is compelled
to endure, Mr. Morton calls attention to
nearly 2,000,000 farms of eighty acres each
given away by the Government under the
homestead act of 18(36 during tbe past
thirty years, and to the amount donated
under the timber-culture law, equivalent
to over 550.00U more farms of the same
bize. It waa impossible, he says, for
farmers in the old States to profitaoly sell
their products in competition with those
of the newer States, grown upon lands
which cost their owners nothing.
Referring to the impression that greater
rates of interest are charged for money
loaned upon farms than that loaned on
other Kinds of real estate, Secretary Mor
ton states that the rate of interest charged
upon mortgages or residential property
other than farms averages eighty-four
hundredths of 1 per cent less than the
rate of interest charged upon farm loans.
In seventeen States the average rate
charged on the latter is less than that de
manded foi loans upon other residential
property.
In two States the rates are the same
upon urban and real estate. In Pennsyl
vania, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia,
Kentucky, Wisconsin, Kansas, lowa,
Texas and Alabama ihe rates of interest
are less for money secured by mortgages
than for money secured by other reaitv.
In five States, including Kansas, the dif
ference in favor of the former is from one
fourth to one-half of one per cent, and in
Texas it is over one per cent. If the West
ern farmer pays a higher rate of interest
than the Eastern so does the Western
merchant and manufacturer.
During the fiscal year just ended the ex
ported products of American farms aggre
gated $570,000,000, an increase of $17,000,000
over the preceding. In spite of this there
was a falling off in the percentage of agri
cultural products exported to the total ex
ports, but this was due to the unprece
dented sale abroad of American manufac
tured goods. The principal market for
American products is found in tbe United
Kingdom of Great Britain and her colo
nies.
These English-speaking people bought
58 per cent of exports from the United
Suites during the fiscal year 1896. Together
with Germany, France, Holland and Bel
gium they purchased 81.9 per cent of our
entire output, leaving 18.1 per cent for the
rest of the world.
Secretary Morton asks if a Nation which,
like the United States, possesses the great
eat power and facilities for producing and
manufacturing things which the world
demands, is not destined to monoDO
hze the markets of the globe. With the
most favorable conditions for varied and
successful agriculture and the lightest
burden of National taxation, what coun
try, he asks, can compete with this in
developing the best resources of human
toil with a minimum of human effort.
With our wonderful labor-saving con
trivances applied to nearly every avenue
of production the wages paia in the
United States, in tie production of wheat
and cotton, for instance, are 50 to 100 per
cent higher than in countries with which
we compete, so the wages paid in manu
factures from metal aie from 25 to 100
per cent higher than the wages paid
workers in the same industries by other
nations.
And in this contest for feeding and
furnishing mankind — noting the fierce
competition which it meets all over the
globe — American agriculture, manufac
ture and commerce are steadily gaining
more trade, and this is furnishing an en
larged wage fund on a gold basis, out of
which seven millions of American labor
ers and skilled artisans draw their yearly
remuneration and upon which they and
their families largely depend for employ
ment and comfort.
DEATH OF GEORGE W. FERRIS.
Was the Inventor of the Great Wheel at
the World's Fair Which Made a
Fortune for Him.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 22.— George W.
Ferris, inventor and builder of the Ferns
wheel, died to-day at Mercy Hospital,
where he had been treated for typhoid
fever for a week. The disease is said to
have been brought on through worry over
numerous business matters. He leaves a
widow in this city.
Mr. Ferris was born at Galesbur?, 111.,
lived his early Jife on the Pacific Slope
and was educated at Carson City and San
Francisco. In 1876 he entered the
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, N. V.,
and graduated wita high honors as an en
gineer.
He first worked at locating coal mines
and railroads in West Virginia, and was
then employed by the Louisville Bridge
Company at Louisville. Iri the capacity
of inspector he came to Pittsbure to in
spect the structural works for the Louis
ville and Nashville railroad bridge at
Henderson.
After the completion of this work he
was engaged as an inventor on his own
account. He organized the firm of G. W.
Ferris <fc Co. In 1893 Ferris conceived the
wheel which made hjm famous and which
was one of the particular features of the
World's Fair at Chicago. The wheel was
constructed in Pittsburg, under the super
vision of the inventor, and shipped to
Chicago, where he watched the erection
of it. Its capacity was 1400 passengers,
and thousands made the revolution in it.
The wheel made a fortune for Ferris and
gave him fame as an engineer all over ihe
world.
When the fair closed the wheel was
erected in a North Side park in Chicago,
where it now is. Mr. Ferris nad, however,
disposed of his interest in it. i . r
m —
MADE DESTITUTE BY DIVORCES.
Hundreds of Women and Children in a
Kansas Town Without the Neces
saries of Life.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 22.— A special
from Topeka. Kans., says: The officers of
a Topeka charitable institution yesterday
made the remarkable statement that there
are over 400 deserted wives in this city,
and that every day adds to the list of the
deserted or divorced women who appeal
for work or solicit funds with which to
buy bread for themselves and help their
cnildren, in a city of 35,000 inhabitants.
The charitable society which bas made
the investigation that reveaied these facts
attributes it to the hard times and the gen
eral worthlessness of the men.
The divorce mill in Topeka is running
on steadily. Every wees divorces are
granted to men and women, incompati
bility of temper being the general charge.
To Ziimit Woman's Garb.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Nov. 22.—Rep
resentative Timberlake introduced a bill
into the General Assembly yesterday seek
ing to make it unlawful for any woman to
wear any article of men's clothing. The
bill specifically prohibits tne wearing of
bloomers, tights, divided skim and shirt
waists.
Tragedy Follow* Divorce.
MAYFIELD, Ky., Nov. 22— T. B. Baker
to-day shot bis wife and then himself,
both dying instantly. They separated
some time ago and Mrs. Baker had sued
for divorce. It is supposed this Drovoked
the tragedy.
-. . NEW TO-DAY.
Rheumatism,
Lumbago,
y£jp=|^ Sciatica
t Lumbago,
Sciatica
C and
Lame
RnrUr
ARE INSTANTLY RELIEVED AND
•^ quickly and - radically cured by elec-
tricity as applied by DR. SANDEN'd
famous ELECTRIC BELTS. Unlike most
complaints which give timely notice of
their visitation, rheumatism is the most in-
sidious. It steals upon its victim with the
subtlety of a robber, not only rendering
him helpless, but inflicting the most in-
sufferable agony. " Nothing in the realm
of drugs or medicines has been found to
cure it, but it is now an established fact
that electricity gives instant ' relief and
quickly, entirely eradicates the disease
from the body. Dr. Sanden's improved
Electric Belts are made to meet every pos-
sible case of this terrible disease, and we
have many thousands of grateful people
cured in this city and neighborhood who
testify to what we claim. This belt is a
complete battery, so simple a child can
manipulate) it, but giving powerful cur-
rents, felt by the wearer • and penetrating
to every part of the body . It is not-expen-
sive and is warranted. You will immedi-
ately feel the current, or we forfeit $5000.
"When I got your belt I was not able to wort
I could not bear ■to have anything touch my
back without great pain. I began to Improve
as soon as I started your treatment, and now
after four months' use, lam a well man. My
wife has been under the doctor's care tor years.
She . wore the belt for a month and is doing
nicely under the treatment, and has not had
occasion to visit a doctor since."
Writes J. 8. Johnson of Hueneme, Ven-
tura County. CaL, Aug. 14, 1896.
A neat ; pocket edition of Dr. Sanden's
celebrated work upon Medical Electricity
will be mailed free, but if possible please
call and examine.
SASDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market street, opposite Palace Hotel. San
FrancUco. CaL Office hours, Ba.m.to 6 : evenings,
,7. to 8: .Sunday, 10 to 1. : Los. Angeles office,
. 204 South Broadway ; Portland, Or., 255 Washing
.'ton street. '
:; OOSMOPOIjITA.W.
Opposite TT. 8. Mint,' 100 and 103 Fifth s!^, saa
Francisco, Cat— The most select family hots* la
the city. Board and room 91, 91 25 and SI 60 per
day, according - to room. > Meals 25c. : Rooms 500
and 750 a day. ■ Free coach to and from the hotel.
Ijooll for the coach bearing tn» name ■of the Co*.
MoaoutM Jttawi. .: yfu. .*\4JttJiYi Fwdrji*
SETT TO-DAY.
An
Elegant
Suit
I
A suit good enough for
any occasion — made of
double-and- twist Clay Wors-
ted, alizarina dyed ; lined
with Farmer's Satin, guar-
anteed not to fade. Differ-
ent pants if desired — a choice
of the latest patterns.
The price is
-=$10=-
Half what you pay at tailors
for suits no better.
Everybody knows what
Clay Worsted is — an expen-
sive cloth, only put into good
suits. We are the only firm
who can sell a suit of it at
any such price.
Fully guranteed ; kept in
repair one year free of charge.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN MILLS
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
541 Market St., and Cor.
Powell & Eddy Sts.
signature is printed In r~*]J
BLUE diagonally' #tisr
across tho x " V"N . ; , JkJ* , \
OUTSIDE f I K -j*V^~x
wrapper/ f )ffi/y' /^*
_r// / of every
A i TV / ■ bottle of
*di -£)*:'/ (the Original
■j| 1' Ly / and Genuine)
fl ji/^y (^Worcestershire
<X ; , v r r ". . ,
SAUCE
As a farther protection against'
, mil imitations, y e /
r . r Agents for the United States, /
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS," V:
1896 TAXES 1896
OFFICE OF TH X TAX COLLECTOR, CITY
and County of San Francisco.
.; NOTICE TO TAXPAYERS.
Notice Is hereby given, in accordance with th •
requirements of the Political Code. Section 3740.
•'1 hat the taxes on all personal property secured
by real properly, and one-half of the taxes on all
real property, will be due and payable on the first
Monday in October, and will be delinquent on the
last- -Monday in November next thereafter, at 6
o'clock P. m.. and that unless paid prior thereto 15
per cent will be added to the amount thereof, and
that if said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., an addi-
tional 6 per cent will be added thereto.
"That the remaining one-half of the taxes on
all real property will be payable on and after tha
first Monday in January next, and will be delin-
quent on thelaf Monday in April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock?* . m., and that unless paid prior
thereto 5 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof. ■,
"That all taxes may be paid at the time the first
Installment, as therein provided, is due and pay-
able." r ' '
■ Taxes payable at the office of the Collector, first
floor, new City Hall. • •
-. Dnpont-stieet Widening Assessment now due
and payable. >
Office open dally from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
. • JAMKS X. BLOCK,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San .
Francisco.
Dated San Francisco, October 15. 1H96.
STRONG AGAIN!
New Life, New Strength, New Vigor.
THE AMPHRODISIC!
From PROFESSOR DR. RICOKD of Paris is tha
only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-
tee, and will bring back your lost powers ana stop
forever the dangerous drains on your system.
They act quickly, create a healthy digestion, cure,
rich* blood, firm muscles, rugged strength, steady
nerves and clear brain. Imported direct from
Paris. Price per box, directions inclosed, $2 50.
For sale by ail respectable druggists. : Mailorder!
from any person shall receive prompt attention.
Agents for Pacific Coast, WALLKK BKO.-..
33 Ursmt Avenue, San. Francisco. .
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
J8 A POWERFUL APHRODISIAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. . Sails on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials m-ce-surj-. -''•
• .. SABER, ALFS & BRINK, Agents,
883 Market St., 8. V.— < Sen d; for Circular)
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES !H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY- AT* "
\J Law and Notary Public, 688 Market «t., oppo.
Lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Reaidecc* 1628
I Cell «vr««w Telephone •• «a« » 2891, 
34
WILLIAM GOES TO
KIEL TO TALK
After Swearing In Recruits
He Will Speak About
Army Scandals.
The Emperor Is Also Anxious
to Control Interpellation De
bates in the Reichstag.
Opposition to the Proposed Increase
In the Naval Budget May Cause
the Chamber to Be Dissolved.
[Copyrighted, 1896, by the United Associated
Presses.]
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 22.- Emperor
William will go to Kiel to-morrow for the
purpose of swearing in the recruits col- i
lected at that place, and there is a con- '
siderable degree of expectation that his j
Majesty will in the course of his address
to the recruits make some reference to thn
recent incidents impeaching the conduct
of military officers and privates toward
civiliaps. It is probable, however, that
the Kaiser will merely confine himself to
a repetition of the old formulas of exact
ing allegiance to himself.
In military circles the story published
in the Berliner Tageblatt implying that
the address of the Emperor to the officers
immediately surrounding him on the oc
casion of the swearing in of the troops in
Berlin was not what it purported to be is
generally discredited. The Tageblatt'sob
ject plainly was to lead its readers to
believe that the Em.peror, while pretend
ing to admonish the officers against the ;
recurrence of the recently reported out- I
rages upon civilians by officers, really gave ;
them to understand that any insult to i
their uniforms on the part of the civilians '
should be promptly and effectively re- j
sented. This, however, is denied, by sev- j
eral of the officers present, who say that'
the Kaiser simply advised them to avoid I
collisions with civilians.
The audacity of the Radical and So
cialist speeches in the Reichstag, es
pecially those delivered during the course
of the Brusewitz debate by Herr Lenz
mann and Bebel, have greatly incensed
the Emperor and Government officials
generally, who hold that Baroc yon Buol-
Berenberg, president of the Reichstag,
ought to have restrained the opposition
from using language possibly offensive to
the Emperor and his Ministers.
It is reported that the Emperor, on the
eve of his departure for Kiel, had* a pro
tracted conference with Prince Hohen
lohe, the Imperial Chancellor, in regard
to the position of the various parties in
the Reichstag with a view of establishing
a better control of interpellation debates.
The political party of the Center in the
Reichstag, through the conesion of its
members and the masterful tact of its
leaders, dominates the chamber and can
always, without directly attacking the I
Government, greatly embarrass the Minis- i
try. The Conservatives and National j
Liberals, although willing supporters of j
tbe Government, are greatly at a disad
vantage in lacking the leadership of the
Centrists.
The Cologne Gazette, in an article point- !
ing out the danger of allowing the Reichs- !
tag to submit to the masterly tactics of '
the Centrist leaders, appeals to the Con- i
servatiyes and National Liberals to sink
their differences upon agrarian and other
questions and rally to the support of the
Government, which has already been twice
assailed within the first fortnight of the j
present session, through tl^e machinations
of tbe Centrists, upon the questions of I
the Bismarck revelations and the practice
of dueling in the army. In connection
with the latter question a commission of
officers has been appointed to submit a re
port on the regulations of military courts
of honor, the commission having held
their meetings since the delivery of Prince
Hohenlohe's speech in reply to the radical
interpellation on Tuesday.
The Emperor has asked the committee
to expedite its report, and has sent to
that body a draft of suggestions, which, it
is understood, embodies a recognition of
the principle laid down by the Prince Re
gent of Bavaria, who has decreed that
hereafter officers refusing to fight duels
upon the ground that they are opposed to
■the principle of dueling must not be com
pelled to resign from the army, as has
hitherto been the rule. The leaders of the
Radical faction in tbe Reichstag are
watching the development of the matter,
and as a result have reached the conclu
sion .that ''nstructions oi the Prince Regent
will not become strictly operative in any
corps of the army of Germany, holding
that any officer declining to fight a duel,
though" he may not be formally expelled,
will become a social outcast.
Herr Richter, Radical Unionist leader,
has announced that upon the occasion of
the ofebate on the military estimates he
will again bring up the question of duel
ing by moving that any military
who shall enpa.ee in a duel shall be de
prived of his rank and expelled from tbe
service, and that officers' courts of honor
shall be abolished.
General yon Waldersee, now in com
mand of the army corps at Hamburg, has
been appointed military governor of Ber
lin in place of General yon Loe, whose
term of service is expiring.
Dr. Koch.governor of the Reichsbank,
has submitted to an interview upon the
question as to how the trade of Germany
is to be affected by the election of McKin
ley as President of the United State?. In
answer to this specific question Dr. Koch
said: "We must wait and see. At all
events McKinley is a lesser evil than
Bryan. lam hopeful that McKinley has
abandoned his policy of extreme protec
tion, but we are not secure from surprises
and we ought to be prepared for them.
It is to our interest that German trade
should stand well in America and we are
ready to give or take."
The keynote of the arrangements of the
Porte with a view of preserving the status
quo of Turkey proves to be the financial
plans of the directors of the Ottoman
Bank. Each power acting in the nominal
concert of powers is doubtless playing its
own game, but for the present the ques
tion of obtaining fresh supplies of money
rules the decisions of the Sultan.
Sir Edgar Vincent, governor of the Im
perial Ottoman Bank, was in Berlin prior
to his going to Vienna for the purpose of
conferring with the members of the
Vienna syndicate, and while here he saw
reports of the leading German financiers,
to whom he proposed tbe raisins of a
Turkish 3 per cent loan upon the conver
sion of the old debts and tbe general guar
antee of the powers, proposing another
scheme for the reform of the Turkish
debt commission by the appointment of a
Russian delegate thereto. Since then Nel
lidorf, Russian Embassador to Turkey,
has arrived in St Peters burg, and Sir Edgar
Vincent has learned that the Czar is un
certain about the appointment of a Rus
sian delegate upon tbe lurkish debt com
mission, the claims of Russia upon the
finances of Turkey being superior to all
other considerations. The sum of the
matter is that Russia only blocks the way
of the powers in dealing with the Porte.
A section of the Centrist party in the
Reichstag, chiefly composed of members
from t ho southern States, have decided to ,
oppose the proposed increase of 40,000,000 |
marks in the naval credit in the budget
and are arranging a coalition with a fac
tion of the National Liberals and the Rad
icals and Socialists for the purpose of de
feating the proposal. This movement
renders the passage of the naval increase
clause of the budget highly improbable.
Ministerial reports in circulation in the
lobby of the Reichstag agree that the
Kaiser is determined to dissolve the,
Chambers if the increase is not granted,
and t is being the ca3e a hot tight over
the naval increase seems inevitable.
A strike of tbe dockmen which began at
Hamburg yesterday is limited to 3800
men, but the lighter-men and other labor
ers threaten to join the strike to-morrow.
The strikers do no: enjoy the sympathy
of the public.
The fifty-sixth birthday of ex-Empress
Frederick was celebrated yesterday by a
family banquet at tbe New Palace, gala
performances at the .falace Theater and a
supper in the marble saloon at which the
Ministers and foreign Erabassadors and
their wives were present. All of the public
buildings were deborated with nags in
honor of the occasion. Under the assent
of tbe British Government, the German
War Office is about' to send Captain Norgen
to Dongola to witness the operations of
the Anglo-Egyptian campaign up the
Valley of the Nile.
The leaders of the Bohemian sugar in
dustries hare influenced the Austrian
Government to open communications with
the Berlin Government to induce the latter
to join in negotiations looking to a limita
tion of the international output of sugar.
The smaller beet-growers of Saxony and
Anhalt have become alarmed at the
increased operations of the sugar ring, and
have had several meetings, as a result of
which they have decided to ask that
Government that measures be taken to
restrict the power of the ring. Herr Ahl
wardt, the notorious Jewbaiter, who has
been conducting an unsuccessful anti-
Jewish campaign in America, is expected
to arrive in .Berlin in December.
Chapman Coleman, formerly first secre
tary of the- United States embassy here,
has left Berlin for the south of France,
and after a short stay in that section will
start ior home.
J. B. Jackson, first secretary of the
American embassy, will spend the re
mainder of his annual holidays in Italy.
The American soprano, Miss Marie
Howe, is singing in concerts in Dresden,
where she has been very successful. Miss
Howe will appear in Berlin on December
19. Miss Augusta Cottlow of Chicago has
made her debut at the Song Academy and
established a reputation as a young
pianist of a remarkably high order of
ability and great promise for the future.
A conversazione held at the Hotel Vier
Jahreszeiten last week, under the patron
age or the American and English em
bassies, for the benefit of the Episcopal
church, realized a large sum. Mrs. Uhl
and Lady Basel, respectively the wives of
the American and British Embassaiiors,
were in attendance and assisted greatly in
the success of the function. Miss Poddy
Ross of Davenport, lowa, gave a concert
at the Song Academy on Saturday.
A Gold Club has been formed in Dres
den, of which G. A. Dunning of Phila
delphia is secretary.
Herr Lndwig Barnya, the eminent Ger
man tragedian, will make his reappear
ance on the stage in the career of "King
Lear" at a charity performance in Berlin
on November 26.
WEYLER SAYS HE CAN YET WIN.
Be lieves the Insurgents Cannot Withstand
the Campaign He Claims to
Be Preparing.
HAVANA, Ccba, Nov. 2L— After a
somewhat lengthy silence Captain-General
Weyler has at last been heard from, and
in an interview he expressed himself as
being confident of putting an end to the
insurrection. General Weyler was inter
viewed in the Jaca camp, which is located
near the town of San Cristobal, province
of Pinar del Rio. He said, after declaring
that he was satisfied with the operations
that have been carried on up to the pres
ent time, that he believed the insurgents
did not have in the hills supplies sumcient
to last them for more than three engage
ments. After these engagements had oc
curred it would be easier to estimate the
resources of the rebels, but he believed
that it would then be lound that the am
munition of the insurgents was exhausted.
He added that he had still hfteen or
twenty days' work to perform at the camp
to complete his preparations for an ad
vance on the rebels, but that he would
wait uutil after Christmas before he moved
his troops forward. Then he would strike
a mortal blow at the insurgents.
When questioned concerning the posi
tion of Maceo, the rebel leader, General
Weyler, answered: "The last news I re
ceived about him located him south of the
Western Railway, on which San Cristobal
is located. He is unwilling to meet our
columns even when hia forces are in good
positions. W T o will see."
This indicates that so far the results of
the campaign of General Weyler are still
in the future. Maceo is apparently follow
ing his old tactics of drawing the Spanish
troops asfar.as possible into the hills from
their base of supplies, when, by dividing
his forces into small commands, he will be
able to continually harass them with
guerrilla tactics, for which they have no
liking.
Some distance to the west of San Cristo
bal are mountain passes where a com
paratively few rebels would be able to
nold tneir own against any force that
Spain could send against them and it is
thought that General Weyler will not
meet the elusive Maceo until he comes
upon him unexpectedly in some of these
mountain fastnesses.
The Epoca, a semi-official organ, admits
that it is possible that General Weyler
will return to Havana, owing to the un
healtiiv season.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 22.— A dispatch to
the Standard from Madrid says the Gov
ernment has intimated to General Weyler
that for reasons of international and do
mestic politics it will not be expedient for
for him to return to Havana until he has
achieved a decisive victory over Maceo.
Protest Against the Insult.
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 22.— A dispatch
to the Central News from Madrid says
that the Duke of Tetuan, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, has cabled to Senator de
Lome, Spanisa Minister to the United
States, to make an energetic protest to
the American Government against the
insult recently offered to the Spanish flag
at Newcastle, Del.
♦
i-ngaged to Mias Peek.
LONDON, Ekg., Nov. 22.— The Morning
Post will to-morrow say that William, son
of Admiral Admiral Sir Arthur Farquhar,
is engaged to be married to Miss Marion'
daughter of the late H. S. Peck of Chicago.
m
Heath of an Embassador.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. 22.— General Pal
macio, the Mexican Embassador to Spain,
is de ad.
ACTOR MESTAYER DEAD.
Wat Well Known to Theater- Goers of
Pan .Francisco.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 22,-After
several months' severe illness W. A.
Mestayer died at his home last night from
Blight's disease. Mr. Mestayer, after
several yeara' work at the California
Theater, San Francisco, with the late
John McCullough, came to New York un
der an engagement with Edward E. Rice
and played under his management in all
the principal burlesques produced by that
manager for several years. Mr. Mestayer
wrote In conjunction with James Barton
Key, "The Tourist in a Pullman Car,"
which made him quite a fortune, and fol
lowed this with several other plays, -all of
which were more or less successful. About
ten years ago he married Tneresa Vaughn,
well known in theatrical life.
- • — <• — •
Picture Frames in oaks and gilts, entirely
new designs, at Sanborn & Yaii's. ♦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
PREFERMENT FOR
BISHOP KEANE
Pope Leo Urges the Aged
Prelate to Visit
Rome.
Belief in Church Circles That
He Is to Be Created
a Cardinal.
He Departs From San Jose on a Pil
grimage to the Holy
City.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 22.— Bishop John
J. Keane, late rector of the Catholic Uni
versity at Washington, left this city yes-
BISHOP JOHN J. KEANE.
The late rector of the Catholic University at Washington has been summoned
to Rome. It is believed that upon his arrival at the Holy City he will be promoted to
some position of eminence in recognition of his services to the church.
terday afternoon for Rome. This move of
the eminent theologian and educator is
due to a pressure that has been brought to
bear upon him in that direction ever since
he was relieved of his charge as rector of
the university. At that time, now over
two months ago, he was requested by the
Pope to go to Rome, but as he needed rest
and an opportunity for deliberation over
the situation he preferred rather to come
to San Jose, where he sought and found
needed rest and seclusion in the O'Connor
Sanitarium.
Every indication points to the prefer
ment of Bishop Keane after his arrival at
Rome. All the high officials in the church,
in America and at Rome, have expressed
the highest regard for him, an I on ail
sides there have been warm expressions of
a desire for his elevation into some posi
tion of eminence fitting his ability and
services to the church.
During bis stay in San Jose Bishop
Keane was not idle, although he did not
leave the confines of the sanitarium and
its grounds. Every Sunday evening he
conducted the services at the sanitarium
chnpel, and his loss will be greatly felt I
there on that account and on account of
tne fact that he took a kindly interest in
even the most humble of the sick and
afflicted and often visited and comforted
them.
Before leaving the sanitarium yester
day, Bishop Keane expressed much regret
to the sisters, to Father H. Gallagher and
to other friends. He said that his greatest
solace at being deprived of his position at
the head of an institution upon which he
bad set his heart, was the opportunity
that it gave him for a stay at so delightful
an institution as tbe sanitarium, and in a
city that had so pleasant a winter climate
as San Jose.
During his stay in San Jose, Bishop
Keane was debating as to the best
course for hi m to pursue in regard to the
invitation to go to Rome. There was
never any peremptory demand upom him
in that direction, so that he could not in
jure by the delay any chances that he
migh( have for preferment. He had much
interest before making a move in learning
the wishes of the board of directors of the
Catholic University of Washington, which
met recently. Cardinal Gibbons was
president of the board, and a warm per
sonal friend of Bishop Keane was ap
pointed his successor as rector, which
proved that he still had a potent influence
over that body. The appointment was
the most satisfactory possible to Bishop
Keane, who still feels and expresses as
great an interest in the welfare of the uni
versity as when he was at its head.
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the university by a unanimous request
Cardinal Gibbons sent a letter to the late
rector expressing the hope and belief that
his ability and eminent services would
soon be rewarded by his elevation to some
important station by the Holy Father at
Rome. The following significant senti
ments are contained in the letter of Car
dinal Gibbons. In reference to the posi
tion of Bishop Keane he says:
"Your noble soul has grown from your
undertaking. You have proven the effi
ciency of the university to train young
men to generous self-forgetfulness for the
welfare of others in your sublime resigna
tion to the will of the Holy Father. You
are the masterpiece of your own training."
Tne letter of Cardinal Gibbons and the
reply of Bishop Keane have already been
published. Private advices were also re
ceived by him from almost every Cardi
nal, Archbisbop and other high official in
the church both in America and Europe.
All urged him to go to Home, and pre
dicted that he would certainly be received
there with distinction and be given prefer
ment.
The action of the board of directors of
the university was very encouraging to
Bishop Keane, and after that meeting he
awaited only the return of Archbishop
Riordan ol San Francisco, who was in at
tendance at the meeting and was elected
one of the board of directors of the uni
versity. Archbishop Riordan returned to
San Francisco last week ana Bishop
Keane went up from San Jose and had a
conference with him.
On Thursday last Bishop Keane re
turned to this city with his mind defi
nitely determined as to what his course
should be. He told a number of his
friends that he would proceed to Rome
immediately, by the advice of Archbishop
Riordan. The latter during his visit in
the East had conferred with Cardinal Gib
bons and a number of Archbishops, and
they all agreed in urging Bishop Keane to
proceed at once to Rome. It was believed
, that such a course would be in a line of
speedier preferment than if he retired
here and awaited the action of the author
ities at Rome.
This belief is strengthened by some sen
timents in a fetter that has just been re
ceived by Archbishop Ireland from Cardi
nal Satolli at Rome. The letter gives
assurances that "there is a bright future
in reserve for Bishop Keane, the rector of
the university."
It is believed that nothing definite is
known or has been intimated from Rome
as to what special honors are to be con
ferred upon Bishop Keane, but his friends
in America are confident that he will be
made a Cardinal. Even before his retire
ment as head of the university a number
of his influential friends predicted that he
would some day leave that work to assume
a red hat. At present there is no vacancy
in America and no regular appointment
as a Cardinal can be made. It is recog
nized that Bishop Keane is one of the best
informed men in America as to the needs
and condition of the church here, and it
has been suggested that he might be ap-
I pointed a Cardinal for America with a
j residence in Rome.
WENT BURN WITH A BRIDGE.
Terrible Disaster to a Party Out on a
Pleasure Hide.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 22. — A
party of a dozen young people who left
Ensley City last night in a wagon for a
pleasure ride had their merriment trans
ferred into death and disaster before they
had proceeded a mile on their journey.
Ten days ago a new bridge wai completed
across Village Creek, near Ensley City.
While crossing this structure it gave way,
precipitating the wagon fifteen feet below
into the water. Not a person in tne
vehicle escaped uninjured.
William Shannon, aged 20, was hurt
about the head, which caused concussion
of the brain, from which he died to-day.
I . Miss Maggie Hartigan was seriously in
jured about the head and her back was
sprained. It is feared she will die.
Charles Barnes had bis scalp cut open
and received internal injuries which may
result seriously. Tne other injured are :
C. I. Shannon, head badly cut; G. G.
Campbell, bruised about-face and body;
Ed Blackburn, arm broken; Sam ; Brown,
let; and head cut; Miss Ella Jones, cut
and bruised in bead and shoulders; Miss
Lula Williams, bruised; Miss Annie Wil
liams, face badly out; Miss. Nellie Black
burn, bruised; Eph Bowie, driver, back
sprained.  . . , >-
The cause of the accident was that the
stringers of the bridge were too short and
gradually .worked off the sills. . The jar of
the wagon last night caused them to fall,
letting the entire span down. ;..
«.
Suicide of Horace B. Sargent.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 22.— Horace B.
Sargent Jr., the well-known Union Club
man, committed suicide by shooting
through the head yesterday in his apart
ments at S Spruce street. Despondency
caused the apt. Mr. Sargent was 49 year's
old, and comes from an old and noted Bos
ton family. His father. General Sargent, is
in San- Francisco. His sister is the wife
of Commander McCall of the United States
Navy now stationed at Mare Island.
V, TO CURE A. COL.D IX ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money it it Jails to cure, 25c.
THEIR GRIDIRON
ON A HILLSIDE
Stanford's Men Training
Hard at Congress
Springs.
Marvelous Appetites Daveloped
by Exercising Near the
Clouds.
How tbe Day Is Spent by the
Members of the Varsity
Eeven.
CONGRESS SPRINGS, Cal., Nov. 22.—
The proprietor of the hotel here, on the
arrival of the Stanford men, said that he
had heard of the enormous appetites of
football players and had fortified his
larder against any onslaught the Palo Al
toans might make, but from the way in
which his provisions are disappearing he
has come to the conclusion that he knows
nothing about the game and the appetite
it develops. At the first meal the players
ate everything in sight and loudly called
for more, much to the host's astonish
ment.
For practice the men go down onto a
field near the hotel. It is a mighty poor
held, however, having a decided slope
which greatly handicaps the team that
has to work uphill. The field is even
poorer than that at Woodside, but the
other accommodations are so much supe
rior to those the men have enjoyed in
former years that they all are positive
they will never care to train at Woodside
again.
Each two men have a nicely furnished
room to themselves and the bathing facili
ties are good, but the men are not allowed
to drink any of the mineral water for fear
it will do them more harm than good —
that is the opinion of the trainer.
Talk about a bracing atmosphere I It is
simply indescribable up here. The eleva
tion of the springs is about 1000 feet. The
place is a good distance from centers of
civilization. Los Gatos is six miles away;
San Jose twice as far distant and the uni
versity is twenty miles from here. The
men spend their evenings in the large sit
ting-room, where they gather around a
big blazing hearth, sing college songs and
talk football. A few of the more studious
ones retire early to their rooms, where
they "diE" as hard at their books as
though they were expecting an "ex" the
following day.
Practice begins with running down the
field of second eleven men, and giving
some tacklers on the first eleven a chance
to mend their faults. After this the
teams line up for a half hour or so. On
account of the absence of Murphy and
Cotton the first afternoon Mclntosh and
Freeman were put in at quarterback and
fullback on the Varsity. Both of these
men put up a strong game. Freeman's
line-bucking was good, while Mclntosh's >
passing was very sure, considering that
the ball was wet and the ground in such
poor condition. Harrington, left tackle,
was the only man who failed to put up an
excellent game, and he was put over on
tbe second eleven, Rice taking his place.
The latter played harder than he has at
any previous game of the season. Jeffs
and Straight played admirably at ends.
Both tackled hard and low and easily
broke up the interference of the second
team.
Signal practice occupies considerable
time each morning and a practice game of
an hour occurs in the afternoon.
GIVEN NORTH YAKIMA LANDS.
Settler Proves Title to a Homestead
Including Eighty Acres in
the City.
TACOMA, Wabh., Nov. 22.— News has
been received in North Yakima that the
Secretary of the Interior has decided in
favor of the applicant in a land case pend
ing since 189 L The result of the decision
is that sso,ooo worth of property, including
eighty acres just outside the city limits,
and eighty acres in the most thickly set
tled portion of the city, including dozens
of houses and residence lots, passes into
the hands of the applicant, J. H. Need
bam. Tbe land and lots were sold by the
Northern Pacific to the present holders,
but the decision of tbe Secretary implies
that the railroad had no title.
Captain MacCrimmon in 1884 made ap
plication at the local land office to file a
timber-culture claim on the land in ques
tion. This was two years before tbe pres
ent city existed. His application was
rejected, but in 1891 his partner Needham
filed a homestead on the same tract, hold
ing that by reason of MacCrimmon's
timber-culture claim pending before the
Land Office in 1884, when the Northern
Pacings rights attached, the tract was ex
empted from grant.
His homestead application was rejected,
and he appealed. A telegram received by
his attorney gives him the prior right of
filing a homestead. The owners of the
property will look to the railroad com
pany ior repayment of money paid on
lands.
AT THE NAVAL STATION.
Gunboat Bennmgton Enters the Drydock
for Repairs — Work on the
Ships of War.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 22.— The gunboat
Bennington came up to the island on
Thursday and at once went into drydock.
It was scraped and on Tuesday it is ex
pected the little ship will be on the way to
San Francisco. The Petrel is nearly ready
for sea and will, about the middle of De
cember, leave for China.
A force of over 1100 men is employed at
the yard. But little work was required on
the Philadelphia, which will be sent to
South America in a week or so. Thanks
giving day will be observed as a holiday
and the various messes at the barracks
and on the Independence will eat turkey
on that day.
One day last week the men on the Inde
pendence treated themselves to a dish ot
sauerkraut and frankfurters. It required
200 pounas of tbe kraut and 150 pounds of
the sausage for one meal for the 250 men
on the Independence.
Congressman Hilborn visited the yard
last week and be will use bis best enaeav
ors at the coming session of Congress to
secure an appropriation for a new wooden
drydock. There are a number of ships at
the yard requiring docking, bat each will
have to take its turn.
The Press Association of California will
visit the yard on Tuesday and make a
thorough inspection of all departments.
OAKLAND CHILIPS JOURNEY
Boarda the Wrong Train at the Mole and
Is Carried ,to Fresno.
FRESNO, Cai», Nov. 22.— Among the
passengers who arrived on the 5:20 train
from the north this evening was a five
year-old boy who cheated the Southern
Pacific out of a half* fare from Oakland to
Fresno, and will enjoy a lide back in the
morning, also free of cost. The little fel
low's name is Frank Gould and his parents
reside at the St. Vincent Hotel on Twelfth
avenue in East Oakland. He says his
father is a mining speculator.
It appears that the boy and his mother
were returning from a "visit to San Fran
cisco and at the pier they became sepa
rated.
She boarded the train for her home,
while tbe youngster boarded the train for
the South. His presence on the train was
not discovered by the conductor until La
throp was reached. The little fellow is
unusally bright, and the trainman easily
learned the stale of affairs. He took the
boy to the end of his run, and will send
him back on the morning train. The par
ents of the boy were immediately notified
by the conductor of the whereabouts of
their son. The youngster won the heart
oi Conductor Dolan, and this evening he
entertained the people about the Hughes
Hotel in this city with his bright sayings
and amusingly descriptive account of his
trip.
SAN JOSE ENTERTAINMENT
Proposed Carnival of Living Books and
Art Poster Exhibit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 22.— The Uni
tarian Church of this city will hold a car
nival oi living books and exhibit of art
posters at Male's Hall for three nights,
commencing Tuesday evening, November
22. About 250 books will be represented
by characters. The poster exhibit will be
novel and unique, a large number of beau
tiful and artistic ones bavin? been ob
tained from the East. A prize has been
offered for the most artistic poster repre
sentative of San Jose, and a number of
local artists are already at work on de
signs. The hall will be handsomely dec
orated with bunting, flowers and vines,
and along the sides will be tastily ar
ranged booths where refreshments and
fancy articles will be sold.
The evening's entertainment will open
with a grand march of the characters. A
fine musical and literary programme will
be rendered, followed by dancing each
evening. The carnival will conclude
Thanks iving night. The committee of
arrangements consists of Mrs. J. H.
Henry (chairman), C. J. Steeple, Mrs. L.
J. Watkins, Mrs. E. O. Smith and Mrs.
Orvia.
FRESNO PRIEST INSTALLED.
Father O'Reilly, Formerly of Bakers-
field, Enters a Aew FWd.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 22.— Rev. Father
O'Reilly, formerly of Bakersfield, was
formally installed as priest of the parish
in this city by Bishop Montgomery this
morning. The church was crowded to
the doors during the services. Father
Garriga, who has had charge in this city
for several years past, has been trans
ferred to Father O'Reilly's place in Bakers
field. There is some friction over the
exchange of parishes ordered by Bishop
Montgomery, and Father Garriga refuses
to leave Fresno. Bishop Montgomery's
mission to the city is also to settle this
difficulty.
Held at Pendleton for Blackmail.
PENDLETON, Ob.. Nov. 22.— During a
preliminary examination of Ed Gould of
San Francisco, who is accused of attempt
ing to extort money from Mrs. W. E. Wat
son, J. H. Brown was yesterday intro
duced as a witness and testified that he
heard a man named Lot. with Gould,
scheming to make Mrs. Watson pay $50
as hush money. Gould was held to await
the action of the Grand Jary, and is in
jail, being unable to secure bonds in the
sum of $300. Gould is said to be a son of
the late A. L. Gould, who was connected
with the defunct Alta-California news
paper at San Francisco under the Fred
MacCrellish management, who com
mitted suicide in Sacramento several
years ago.
Salt of a Cherokee J/irte.
OROVILLE, Cal,, Nov. 22.— The Spring
Valley hydraulic mine at Cherokee was
sold yesterday by Receiver J. 8.. Whit
comb to Attorney T. Z. Blakeman of San
Francisco, for the bondholders, for $275,
-000. This property consists of several
hundred acres of mining ground and
dumping ground, as well as many miles
of water ditches. It has been in litigation
for several years. Other parties to the
suit have six months in which to redeem
it. Unless this is done, it is reported, the
bondholders will prepare to open the mine
by drifting, and will employ several hun
dred men.
Some of the pavement in use on the
streets of Vienna is composed of granulated
cork mixed with asphalt and other cohe
sive substances. It is compressed into
blocks of convenient size. Its advantages
are cleanliness, noiselessness, durability
and economy.
HEW TO-SAT.
1 tion that leaves
i tinued use keeps
1 K§_?7 ~ _%^E^ Shirardelli's
1 1 does not stimu-
-1 KT.-^-^F^S late, but provides
I nourishment —
LZrU Mjf 1 the rue food of
I W^F^&r^a I stomach digests
i^^~-a_t2_Te_2_?a All Grocers
PLANS SPECIFICATIONS
. For a School Building.
■ Office Board of Education,' >
I • Sax Francisco, November 17, 1898. /
NT ACCORDANCE WITH A RESOIfuiION-
■ adopted by the Beard of Kducatlon of ■ the City
and County of 8»q Francisco, .November 16 1896,
public notice Is hereby given to architects that
competitive plans and specifications for the erec-
tion of a High school building in the Mission dis-
trict In said City and County will be received ac-
cording to the "Oeneral lnstruc ious to Archi-
tects" (copies of which can be obtained at the of-
fice of said board) In open session of the Board of
Education on Monday, November 30. 1896 at 8
o'clock p. k. as follows: On a lot 398 feet, front
facing south, by a depth of 194 feet, having three
street frontages. . '1 he said plans and specifications
are to be In compliance wito "General Instructions
to Architects," and to be so prepared that the cost
of the building, excluding the architect's commis-
sion, shall not exceed in the aggregate the sum of
1, 000. The architect whose plans and specifi-
cations are adopted by the board will be appointed
architect arid superintends: of the bulldinsc at a
compensation of five (5) per cent of the total cost
of the structure The architects: submitting plans
and specifications determined by : the board to be -
second and third in merit will receive premium*
of f 500 and $300 respectively.
GEO-USfi BEAitSTON, Secretary.
A NEW FILE.
One Thousand Testi-
monials Added to an
Already Large Col
lection.
The Reliability of the Doctors of
the Hudson Medical Institute Is
Sustained by at Least One Thou
sand Ex-Patients.
Reliability counts for something in the
practice of medicine. Bay what you will,
the reliable doctor is he whom people will
travel far to see and correspond with hun
dreds of miles away. When the doctors
of the Hudson Medical Institute com
pleted their latest file of testimonials they
invited me to read them over, and I iaust
say they have done excellently well in
these special cases. Here is a letter from
Steamboat Springs, Colo., and if it were
not in the patient's own handwriting,
which can be seen by his complete corre
spondence, one would think it a fairy talet
Steamboat Springs, Oct. 2, 1896.
The Hudson Medical Institute, San Fran
cisco. Cal.— Gentlemen: It always- gives me
pleasure to certify to real merit, such as you
possess in the healing art. I have been under
your treatment for some months. My affec
tion was nervousness and an obstinate case of
, which the slightest fatigue would bring
on, causing Intense suffering, weakness of the
heart's action and insomnia.
I feel that I am permanently cured of the
, my circulation has improved; action of
the heart is much stronger, so I can now
climb a hill or perform almost any physical
labor. My appetite and digestion is good and
1 sleep well. I consider the amount, of money
which I have paid you as trifling when I real
ize the benefits which il have received. lean
most heartily recommend you and your
methods to afflicted mortals.
(Signed) , PERRY A. BURGESS.
Mr. Burgess is one of the best inowa
mining inventors in Colorado.
Here is a letter from the State of Miss
issippi:
Fkiabs Point, Miss., Sept. 20, 1896.
Hudson Medical Institute— Dear Doctors:
I received the third month's remedies in good,
condition. I felt a great change after the firsts
month's remedies. 1 am better now than I have
been for five years. Yours, J. H. BARNETT.
Here is a young man from Red Bluff. 'It
is short and to the point:
Hudson Medical Institute— Doctors: Your
medicine did me a whole lot of good.
CHARLES THOMAS COLLINB.
A. H. Stuman writes:
Little Rock, Ark., 720 ATch street.
Hudson Medical Institute— Dear Doctor): I
can now control myself. lam so much better.
A. H. STTJMAN.
Mr. C. W. Pettit writes:
Cedar Rapids, Nebr.
I bad a disease which was wasting my
body. I wrote to the doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute. Write to me if you don't
think this is true. C. W. PETTIT.
Wabaska, Minn.
Hudson Medical Company— Dear Voctor: Your
remedies are prompt and efficient. I am a
cured man. RALPH LEARY WILLIAMS.
After looking over the file complete, I
must say the doctors of the Hudson Medi
cal Institute are well thought of by their
patients.
The big white building at the junction
of Stockton, Market and Eliis streets,
through the worKs of the Hudson Medical
Institute, is certainly famous.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ- News of the Week and ;•;
c< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ol ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
-J PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
-> litical News. I ' ;' P.
»
cJ It's the Paper to Send East if
-J , You Want to Advertise
D California. .
3 \ / *
5 The Best \ /'Mining
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /V Is Accurate
o\ The Coast . / \& up to date
3 — — y x -
o<
°S Not a Line of it Sensational
o< • or Faky, and Not a Line of
ex it Dry or Uninteresting.
°) A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
•DC -•'" ' ■' ':. : •• •
n : , +
CX Bright, Clean, A Champion of
1 . Thoughtful. Troth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
■Jj. ALL THE TIME. •
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY «
J HOME MAIL, 51.50
=»< INDUSTRIES A YEAR. - :
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR fIU
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The >G RILL
i|§| ROOM
PALACE HOTEL,
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN PSIIL MjjQMI(,HT.
EljEOTniO BELTS
I ,<>IA.^&SAUVA. ,»,. A "* good things if prop.
■^Wf^W^ia^l- aly , u)ade J but there i%
i^^vvA^-SkV^tG'^it no sense in paying a high
" ■liJl J-sT^=s^sSß price tor a:poor.,urticla
fc^S^l JO-i-'-Z simply becuusu some aJ-
■ vcrtlstng "quack" •• da-
JOTSwyliSWaifflhLsyL maiuls It. .Luy no Belt
J^HF^KSS^V- tillyoa see i>t Pierces .
r." 3KV-Ti^ esr Boolt * reft Call or
»' "Qyifi, "■- '■' . •'. address I>II. I'IJSitCH
'■'■■■ . - *Wj . & SON, 704 Sacramento
Brancb Office 640 Market «.' C rr. Kearn3r ''> *AROUSED FROM
SLEEP TO FLEE
Narrow Escape of Hotel
Lodgers From Death
in a Torrent.
The Building They Occupied
Carried Away by High
Water.
Half-Clad Inmates Rush Out Just
a Moment Before tbe
Crash.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 22.— During the
flood on Thursday the lodging-house of
Cleveland & Klein on the Sauk River in
the Monte Cnsto mining district, Wash
ington, was swept away. Just before it
went tbe lodgers, twelve in number, were
hastily routed out of their beds by Jacob
Klein and told to flee for their lives. The
building was a large one, abont 35x80,
three stories and basement. It had been
well finished and furnished only recently,
and was to be opened as a hotel in a day
or two more.
As the lodgers rushed into tbe barroom
an immense larch tree came down Glacier
Creek at a terrible rate, tore through the
Monte Cristo concentrator's high railroad
trestle, taking out three bents, next
through the switchback trestle, taking out
three more bents, then through the rail
road main line bridge, Knocking out four
bents, and the mass of wreckage bore down
•wun fearful force into Sauk River- and
headed straight for the Cleveland & Klein
building.
"Run, boys," yelled Klein, and as the
great building swung around at right
angles to the stream and tbe south side
tilted up into tne air the men leaped for
their lives and fell in a heap in front of
the fish market and scrambled through
the water to land.
The building toppled entirely over, and
its immense mass dammed S»uk River
long enough to raise the fish market bodily
from its foundation, and as the hotel was
torn and rent to splinters, and the river
channel cleared, the smaller building was
swept down the canyon aud was torn to
pieces.
About the same time an avalanche of
soft mud and slush came down from the
Sauk lode mining claim, and this, with
tbe mass of wreckage from the bridges
6 nd buildings, dammed Sauk River, wnich
cut a new channel through Douglas ave
nue. Tbe residents of Monte Cristo were
compelled to flee and that quickly. The
river cut throush the railroad embank
ment below tbe switchback, and took
down tbe north side of the track and cut
it a second time, r-turning to its old chan
nel a short distance above tbe railroad
bridge, which, being of strontrly driven
piles, withstood the strain, and is still
intact. Abont 200 feet of the embankment
went out.
* Nine miners are reported missing, but
.it is believed that they made their way
■ ' . along the hillsides to Silverton. However,
. nothibg has yet been heard from any of
them.
DESTRUCTION OF HAMILTON.
The Washington Town Almost Complete/)
Swept Away by the Flood of
Last Week.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 22.— A {Mount
Vernon special concerning the damage by
flood to tbe town of Hamilton, Skagit
County, says: Tbe town is a complete
wreck. The big brick store building of
Barker & Fontaine is a beap of ruins,
and goods are buried under fallen walls.
Streets are washed out, sidewalks gone
and the town is filled with trees, stumps
and rubbish. Every one is discouraged
and heartbroken.
Water invaded every bouse in the lowei
part of town, and some people were pris
oners upstairs until Sunday noon, when
they were taken off in boats.
The track of the Seattle and Northern
Railway between Woolley and Hamilton
has been almost completely destroyed,
and it will probably be two weeks before
tbe road is in good working condition
again. Tbe mail is now being taken on a
handcar from Whitney Station.
The loss to up-river ranchers will be
heavy, as considerable stock was lost. No
precautions against flood had been taken
at Hamilton, as the river never caused
trouble tnere before. Tbe river was sev
eral feet higher than it was ever known to
bave been before.
GREAT NORTBEEN CLEAR.
Tie*- President Sill Say the Line It
Heady fnr Overland Train*.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 22— "We will
have our line ready for overland travel
Tuesday," said Samuel Hill, vice-presi
dent of the Great Northern to-night at
tbe Butler Hotel when asked wh«n that
portion of the main line whicli has been
tied up by washouts in the Cascade
Mountains since a week ago last Friday
would be in operation again. Chief En
gineer Stevens accompanied Hill west.
They came over the Great Northern to
Skykomish, there crossed the river in a
rowboat and thence to Seattle on a work
train.
According to Mr. Hill the most serious
trouble with which the road is now con
fronted in resuming traffic is in construct
ing a bridge over Skykomish River,
and this he believes will be completed
by Tuesday.
"This has been tne most destructive
storm to all property-owners from the
Rocky Mountains west to the coast that
baa occurred since 1844," the Great North
ern vice-president resumed. "As to
bridge washouts, both railroad and pub
lic, they have been occasioned more by
reason of persons throwing trees, logs and
wood into the river than by high water.
Hill was attired in a storm suit and
bore unmistakable evidence of having
taken a very active part in superintending
Ibe work of repair along the line of tbe
Great Northern from the Rockien to the
coast.
HEAVI FALL OF SNOW.
Seattle* Telephone and Electric - Light
System t'ompXetety Wrecked. ,
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 22.— Seattle and
the entire north wt^t in portion of the
. State are emerging from another disas
trous snowstorm, lasting from Friday
afternoon until 1 o'clock this morning.
Twelve inches of snow fell in as many
hour?, the full fall being 18 inches, equiva
lent to 1.81 inches o: rain. The -now car
ried down ail telegraph wires, completely
wrecking telephone and electric-hght sys
tems. Operation of all electric railways
was likewise stooped. Should 'the snow
continue to melt as rapidly as it is now it
■will bring increased disaster to the Cas
cade divisions ol the railroads.
CVwntintr at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 22.— At the
coursing races at Agricultural Park to
day there were two stakes, one for puppies
and the other for aged dogs, the former
having twenty entries and the latter
twenty-six. -
Hall and O'Neill's Promise Me won first
money in the > tippy stake. Pride of Ari
zona second and Snider th.rd.
In the all-aged stake Cronin and McDon
ald's Defender won. F. Stei^ler's Dyna
mite second ana Nethercott Bros.' Red
Cloud third.
*
San Job*'* Myttery.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 22.— The body of
a newly born babe was discovered in the
Jewish Cemetery at Oak Hill yesterday
morning. It was in an old mustard box,
and there was barely enough dirt over the
box to hide it. The infant, which was
but a day or two old, was dressed in plain
white clothes, but there was no mark t)y
which the identity of the parents could be
traced. The body was brought to the
Morgue, and an inquest will be held.
Stockton's JTtfM Defeated.
STOCKTON. Cal., Nov. 22.— The base
ball game to-day was a rank exhibition.
It was played in the rain, on a muddy
field, and several of the Stockton players
were not present. McHale aud Hutchison
of Sacramento, who were counted on to do
some good work, did not show up, and
local amateurs were put on in their places.
As a result the Imperials of San Francisco
defeated the StocKton players by a score
of 12 to 3.
lon Gatos Athletet Win.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 22.— The Los
Gatos High School defeated the San Jose
High School at the field day exercises at
Loe Gatos yesterday by a score of 22 points
to 17. The teams were evenly matched
and the events hotly contested. A large
crowd of enthusiastic pupils and friends
oi each school witnessed the sport.
Tufim-Lvon learn Defeated.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 22.— The
Tufts- Lyon baseball team, champions of
the State, met defeat to-day at the hands
of a picked nine, composed principally of
professional players. Harvey was in the
box for the champions and Tyler for the
Los Angeles team. The score was 6to 4.
One- Sided football in the Snow.
BUTTE, Most., Nov. 22 —A game of
football between the home team and Ames
College of lowa this afternoon resulted in
favor of Butte by a score of 32 to 20. The
visitors were clearly outclassed and fhe
game, which was played in snow, was al
together one-sided.
Official itelurnt in Montana.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 22— Official re
turns on the late election have been re
ceived from all. the counties in Montana
and give Bryan 43,680 votes, McKinley
10.490; Charles S. Hartman (silver Repub
lican), for Congress, 34,003, O. F. Goddard
(McKinley Republican) 9346; Robert
£mith (fusion), for Governor, 34,605, A. C.
Botkin (Republican) 14.994. McKniey
had a majority in only two counties,
Chester and Dawson.
Took MorpUin' for Quinine.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 22. -Mrs.
George W. Cutler, wife of a prominent
physician and druggist, attempted to till
a prescription for herself in her husband's
drugstore this morning. She thought she
was helping herself to quinine, but it hap
pened to be morphine. Dr. Cutler discov
ered tbe mistake in time to save her life,
but it was a close call for tne lady.
Btrvete by a Flying Train.
ERIE, Pa., Nov. 21/.—Gil2 1 /.— Gil more' s band
baggage-car, containing all the musical in
struments of the company, was run into
here to-day by a fast train on the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad.
The baggage-car was crushed and the in
struments piled up in the wreck. Victor
Herbert's famous $5000 violoncello was
badly damaged. The instruments be
longing to the others were so badly dam
aged that i hey could not be used at the
concert this evening. Engineer John
Brown of the fast train jumped and was
seriously injured.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
Thomas Nast— W. X., City.— Thomas Nast,
caricaturist, was born in Landau, Bavaria,
September 27, 1840, and was brought to the
Unitea States by his parents in 1846.
Gum Trees— P. A. a, Healdsburg, Sonoma
County, Cal. A letter addressed to Professor
A. J. Cook, Los Angeles, Cal., will no doubt
bring you an answer relative to the gum trees
you mention.
Gray Parrot —A. D., City. The bird you
describe is no doubt the gray parrot. It is
famous for its docility, its power of articula
tion and imitation o! noises of all kinds, its
loquaciousness and Its misctiievousness.
William T. Higginb— G. B. D., City. William
T. Higgins, who at one time occupied a promi
nent position ask politician In San Francisco,
died of fatty degeneration of the heart
August 21, 1889, at the age of 59 years and 11
months.
Mrs. J. W. Magkay— Subscriber, City. Mrs.
John W. Mackay, wife of the millionaire, was
the widow of a Dr. Bryant at the time she
married Mackay, and at that time she bad one
daughter, who in 1885 became the Princess of
Colonna.
Capital Punishment —B. R. F., Oakland,
Cal. Train robbery is not punishable by death
in the State of California, but train-wrecking,
by an act passed March 31. 1891, may be pun
ished by death or imprisonment for lite, in
the discretion of the jury. Murder of the first
degree and arson of the first degree are pun
ishable by death in this State.
Subscribers— A. D., City. The paper you
refer to in your communication has not a
record of the "twelve peoole who have taken
it the longest and steadiest and the number of
years that, each has taken it." Dai y news
papers do not keep a record of the people who
take the paper. The carriers keep a* list of
those who take the paper otj their route, and
that list is the individual property of the car
riers.
A Medal or Token— L. L. 8., Fruitvale, Ala
meda County, Cal. The piece described, which
has on the obverse the impression of the head
of George 111, 1769, and on the reverse a
shield with crown and that encircled with the
words "in memory of good old days," is either
a medal that was used as a spie mark or token,
one of many that were issued during the reign
of Georg3 111, when there was but little coin
in circulation.
Tramp's Signs — a. D., City, The various
signs in pencil that are noticed on door
casings of dwellings are signs used by tramps
to denote the character of toe people in the
house, and whether they will give anything
or not. The particular sign described ap
peared on a house in this City after the lady
bad given the tramp a cup of coffee. Within a
week alter that a dozen tramps called at tbe
house, and each asued for a cup of coffee.
Af;er the sign was obliterated the tramps who
called asked for something to eat. That sign
no doubt stands for, "Good for a cup of coffee."
The Harvkst Months— J. A. W., Live Oak,
San Joaquin County, Cal. The following are
given as the harvest months:
•: Jnnunrv— Australia." New Guinea, greater part
Of Chile and the Argentine Republic.
February to March— lndia. . '■ -
April— Mexico, Kgypt, Persia and byrla.
'•■»•■ — Japan. r. « bin*, Nor hi— Asia Minor,
Tunis, Algiers, Morocco and lex as. -
;* June— Spam. I'ortu at, Italy, ciclly, Greece and
! part of Sou: hern Prance. .
July- suuthern Russia, Austria and the laiger
part of Fran :
Angus:— tirrmany, viand, Belgium, Nether- •■
lands, pun of Kussia, Denmark, part of Canada
aud New England states. - • >:. ;l : < •;
; September— Northern, midland of Russia,' Scot
land, larger pan of Canada. /
October— Nor- hern part of Russia and the north
ern part of the Scandinavian peninsula.
.'■ ■. - •—• — ♦ — •— -— '■
. Framed Pictures, , Limps, Onyx Tables,
Clocks and Albums ; very cheap at San bom f &
Vail'a. ■ --':*■■'■' i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896,
QUAINT, CHARMING
SANTA BARBARA
Like a Vision of the Past
Seems the Seaside
Town.
Lile Within Its Precincts but a
Glimpse of the Poet's
Dreamland
Visitors Attracted by the Gray Old
Mission, With Walls Moss-
Covered.
Where falls not hall or r»in, or any snow,
Nor ever wind blows loudly, boi It lies
Deep meadowed happy, fair with orchard lawns
And bowery hollows crowned with summer sea.
— Morie d'Artbur.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Nov. 13.—
Santa Barbara is such a land as the good
King Arthur hoped to find when he was
borne away to the island valley of Avalon
in order to get healed of his grievous
wound.
If the lotus eaters had found it they
would have been willing to forget the past
and live on without regret in a land "in
which it seemed always afternoon."
The charm of Santa Barbara has been
its repose. Quiet has brooded over the
little valley lying between the mountains
and the sea time out of mind.
Other towns might get impatient and be
in a hurry, out Santa Barbara never.
Nature set the pace for the people. The
unchanging aspect of the mountains sug
gested repose. The calm sea, with its
ebbing and flowing tides, taught man the
lesson of ceaseless activity, without worry
or excitement.
The coming and going of the peerless
days without extremes of weather showed
that man's life could run calmly like a
deep river to the sea. Men have taken all
this to heart and it must be a stormy na
ture indeed which is not subdued by such
an environment.
As a consequence theie is no other town |
in the republic which is so wise in its lei
sure or so unhurrying in its business. Life '
seems a perpetual holiday. Always there
are picnics on the beach at sunset or by
moonlight, or horseback and coaching
parties coming and going, or the best of
music at tbe Sea Plaza or at the Arlington.
IJEverywhere there is gay laughter and
music and tbe babble of merry Toices.
This holiday making comes mainly
from two causes: first, there is a large
class of residents who have retired from
business and have much leisure un their
hands; and second, the surroundings of
the town ana its perfect climate invite the
people to an out-of-door life.
The. mountains with their many green
canyons, are on one side of the town, and
the eea upon the other, and these afford
unfailing pleasure.
Business and protessional men make a
practice each year of leaving the cares of
their shops and offices behind them and
bfmkmg themselves to pleasant camps in
the mountains and canyona. It is rare,
indeed, to find a family which has not
spent at least a fortnight in camp.
All this shows that the Barbareno has
caught on to the secret of wi»e living. To
restor play is man's normal condition.
To work is a forced and unnatural condi
tion, ami therefore too much work brings
inevitable harm in either eiving a
cramped nature or a diseased body
But the Barbareno does not shirk his
work. He simply does it wisely. Neither
uo I mean to infer that no business is
done in the town, for there is a very brisk
trade carried on, and stores of all kinds
show tine stocks of goods and evidently
are doing well. Iv fact, there is no other
town of 7000 people in any part of the
country showing greater signs of prosper
ity in its trade during these hard times
than Santa Barbara.
This is in part due to the fact that a
large number of the people derive their
incomes from their old homes. These in
comes are liberally spent, and of course
get into quick circulation among all
classes. Then, too, walnuts, lemons, pe
troleum, asphaltum, olive oil, wool, horses,
sheep and cattle, grain, beans and dairy
producta brine in steadily large amounts
of money which are fairly distributed
among the whole population. As a conse
quence there is no lack of money and
trade is good.
Neither do I mean to imply that the
people think so much of leisure and re
pose that they have failed to do the amount
oi work necessary to improve and beautify
the town. The place is thoroughly
equipped in the up-to-date style. Its
streets are graded and sidewalked'. Some
miles of paving are already laid. It is
perfectly lighted. Its streets are sprinkled
and sewers flushed with sea water. It has
an electric railroad and a splendid public
library. In short, as it had to be a modern
town, its people have made it the most
pleasant and comfortable place in the
State. One thing it lacks— a bathhouse—
but that lack will soon be supplied. The
Board of Trade has taken hold of the
matter, and soon a suitable bathing place
to cost $10,000 will be built.
If a visitor should ask me to point out
the most interesting thing in the town I
should at once call the Franciscan mis
sion that thing. It is a splendid build
ing — the finest monument of the sons of
Saint Francis now existing in the State.
When you see the gray friars working
among the vines and olives and jroing to
1 and fro upon their appointed daily
tasks upon tne time-stained pile, you can
easily imagine that you are in old Spain,
and the allusion will only be deepened
when one of the fathers addresses you in
the pure C.-wilian. The mission was
founded in 1786. It crowns a gentle slope
two miles from the sea. From its noble
i j corridor you can look upon as fair a scene
as nature ev«r spread before men's eyes,
made up of valleys and mountains, islands
and sea.
The next place of greatest interest is the
beach, it is skirted by a sea road, partly
paved for two miles. The road ends in a
plaza touched by high tide, and is such a
lo\ ely spot that crowds of saunterers are
always found enjoying its beauties.
At full moon, or when the long row of
electric lights are lit and the lull tide is
coming in from the mysterious spaces
beyond, it seems a place of enchant
ment.
Santa Barbara weather need not be
spoken of. It is as perfect as weather can
be. He who is not satisfied with it will
only rind his ideal in paradise. The town
is on the eve ol a marked advance in popu
lation. It only needs the completion of
the coast road — and this is a matter of
months — to send it forward with a bound
to a first-class position in a commercial
sense — a position it already occupies With
respect to health and pleasure?.
M. B. McDuffik,
President B«nta Barbara B ard of Trade.
The Musical Temperament
Speaking to Bettina yon Arnim about
the influence upon bis mind of Goethe's
poetr.B, .Beethoven declar?d tnat they pow
erfully Impressed him b<j*h by their
rhythm and by their matter; "and," he
added. "I am moved to composition by
their language and by the lbftv spirit
of harmony pervading them." So
that what stirred in him the cre
aiive impulse, as he came under the
spell of a great poet, was the ecstasy born
of toe measured words and of their inner
sense— their esthetic and spiritual rather
than their purely intellectual content.
And it was in this connection that be
affirmed music to be "the medium be
tween the spiritual and the sensuous life"
— a luminous and ©regnant word which
sorts not ill with the view here presented,
and is, perhaps, as near an approach to a
■definition of the undefinable as is likely to
be compassed. — Blackwood's Magazine.
• ♦ — «
The atlas moth, a night-flying insect of
Central Brazil, is the largest winged in
sect in the world. Its Kings extend four
teen inches Jrom tip to tip.
♦ — ♦ — «
TO CUKK A COL > 1 < ONK DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the mouey uit i&ii* to cure. 25c.
HAPPENINGS IN
SOCIETY'S WORLD
Miss Colburn Entertains
With Progressive
Euchre.
The Cushion Tea for the Wo
man's Exchange on Tuesday
Next
Silver Wedding Celebration at Oat
Hil , Napa — Interestin; Cere
monies.
Miss May Col burn gave the second of a
series of euchre parties at her home on
Hyde street on Friday afternoon. In the
! pretty reception room bright with many
I au;uinn blossoms, twenty-four ladies en
juyed a spirited game. A service of elabo
rate refr-shment3 concluded the after
noon's entertainment. Miss Colburn re
ceived her guests assisted by Miss Bernice
Brown, Miss Bessie Cole and Miss Flor
ence Stone.
Daily new features are being planned for
the cushion tea to be held on Tuesday
afternoon and evening of December 1 for
the benefit of that deserving and popular
charity, the Woman's Exchange. Mrs. T.
M. Lilienthal has placed her elegant borne,
1950 California street, at the disposal of
the patronesses of charity.
The hours of the tea will be from 3 to 5
and 8 to 11 p.m. Both in the afternoon and
evening there is to be a musical and literary
performance of unusual excellence.
Mr. and Mri. B. M. Newcomb celebrated the
twelfth anniversary of their marriage on
the twenty-filfth lust, with a house party at
their beautiful mountain home, Oat Hill,
Napa Courity. The gifts were many and
mostly of silver, though cut class, pearls and
diamonds were to be seeu among the collec
tion. After congratulations a programme of
clas ical and popular music waa interspersed
with recitations and original essays. With
supper and durcing the festivities were kept
up until the small hour* of morning.
The cuests were as follows: George H. Gib
son, Denver, Colo.; Miss Ida B. Weed, R. T.
Kimball. San .Francisco; Mrs. Grinclell, Mendo
cino; Dr. Burgess and wife, Middle town; Rev.
Mr. and Mrs. Hill, Tracy; Mr. and Mrs. Hardy,
.EtnaSpri.igs; Mr. and "Mrs. William Imrie,
Margaret Inirie, Ruth Imrie, John Imrie,
George Inarie, Mrs. Skinner, Carrie Skinner,
Annie Skinner, Ray f-kinner, Tom Skinner,
Ella Boyntou, Lillian Boynton, atl of Napa;
Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Dr. Mitchell, Alice
Fisher aud Howard Fisiier of Calistoga; Mr.
and Mrs. A. J. Dalley, Joe Dalley, Mrs. I). C.
Hill, Mrs. A. E- Harkness, Miss Lillie Hansen,
Ralph Newcomb. Elbc-rt Newcomb, Hugh Mc-
Queen, Charles E. Brandt and H.JS. Merrill
and wife of Oat Hill.
Saturday evening, November 14, the United
Social Club gave a cotillon at California Hall.
The decoiations, beautiful and profuse, were
of ferns, roses and chrysanthemums, pink
tones predominating. The dressing- and re
ception rooms were prettily illumined, and on
the walls were tne mottoes of the club, thua
making it very attractive for weary dancers.
Large flags were festooned as portieres be
tween tne reception parlors and the ballroom,
and a number of Japanese lanterns were hung
from the gallery. Miss Nellie McDermott and
Colonel John L. Moore bade the guests wel
come.
Much credit for the success of the evening
is due to the following members: Floor man
ager. Peter Mybucti; floor committee— Neil
Prendereast, William J. Ryan, Joseph Schil
ling, Dollie Anderson, Annie Desmond, Mamie
Gibbons. Nettie Lenih'en, Lizzie Moran, Juliet
Vincent; reception committee — Colonel J. L.
Moore, Nellie McD.-rmoit. Al Palmer, Frank
Creede, Frank O'Grady, Susie Desmond, Annie
McCarthy, Nora Keating, Bessie Ralph.
Professor Eugene Kornmann aud Miss Hat
tie A. Whiteside were married on Thursday,
the 19th inst., at 11 A. M.. at the residence of
tbe bride's parents, 1502 Taylor street, Rev.
Dr. Dille officiating. The bridesmaid wai Mist
Silvia Ciphers of Oakland, and the groom was
attended by the bride's brother, Ed F. White
side. A bountiful repast was served and the
happy couple departed ior San. a Cruz on their
honeymoon. Taey will return Thank>gtving
day, at which time there will be a family re
union.
Miss Elizabeth MofFat, eldest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry .uoil'at, was married Sat
urday at uoou to Arthur M. Sharp at the home
of the bride's parents. The Rev. Dr. Stebbins
performed the ceremony, which was witnessed
only by the members of the lamily. Mr. and
Mrs. Sharp left immediately after the cere
mony for the South.
A successful surprise party was given to
Henry Power last j-aturday evening at 2917
Twenty-second street. Ihe house was hand
somely decorated. Games und dancing were
indulged in until midnight, when an elab
orate supper was served, alter which dancing
was resumed. Thuse present were: Miss T.
Cameron, Miss M. Power, Miss L. Bergevin,
Miss F. Bristal, Miss A. Brennen, Miss M. Halli
nan. Miss Q. Putiny, Miss K. Hallinan, Miss
L. Morgan, Miss A. Hallinan, Miss M. Telfer,
Miss Jnsie Creeni, Miss M. Conroy, Miss N.
Noel, Miss A. Mowry, Miss M. Noel, the Misses
Foreside, Miss M. Cameron, Miss N. Welsh,
Miss S. Oilisen, Henry Power, R. Telfer, T.
Leary. F. Telfer, W. Kelly, J. E. Power and
others.
An enjoyable party was given to Miss Josle
McCarthy by her many friends at Minerva
Mall on Saturday evening, November 14. The
hall was decorated testeiu.ly with ferns and
smilax. The evening was pleasantly spent in
singing and dancing. G. .Gassmann, Dick yon
Staaeu, T. Cadigau, Miss Josie McCarty and a
host of others entertained the gathering with
many popular songs. Among those p-esent
were: Miss Josie Mc< 'arty, Miss Aunie Miller,
Miss Daisy White, Miss Hattie Murphy, Miss
Ber tha Bowland, Miss Lena Graff. Miss Chris
tina Gray, Miss Maria Hund, Miss Haight,
Louis Repp, H. Mulier, Philip C. Muller, F.
Hausteiu, L. Sbepplar, Charles Cranz, Walter
McKinnon, H. Hausiein, G. Gassman, E. Wain,
T. Cadignn, Hans Lowenson, Dick yon Staden.
Cards have been issued for tne nuptials ol
Miss Beatrice Bachiuan and Mr. DinkelspieL
The wedding will be celebrated on Tuesday
evening, December 1, at the residence of the
bride's parents on Gough stroet.
The weddinc of George J. Heury Jr. aud Mis»
Clarisse A. Fisher, daugluer of Mr. and" Mrs.
11. E. Fisher, is announced to take place No
vember 25 at the home of the bride's parents.
None but the immediate relatives of the con
tracting parties will be present. The youig
couple will leave shortly afterward for their
future home in New York.
i>r. Payne, who has been seiiously ill for
several weeks past at bis home on California
street, is now recovering rapidly. He will
soon be out atrain.
D. B. Francis (of Francis & Valentine) and
wife will spend a month at Paso Robles.
Miss Selina Newman has returned to the
City, and will receive her triends at her new
studio, 305 Larkin t-treet.
Mrs. Andrew Kuster (nee O'Neill) of San
Jose is visiting the Misses Laura and Kittie
McMahou of 215 Oak street.
Tne Diipils of Professor W. W. Anderson's
dancing academy will give a bonbon party at
Saratoga Hall on Thanksgiving night, Thurs
day, November 26.
The annual concert and reception of the
Ariou Verein took place Saturday evening last
at the ciubrooms, 414 Pine street.
The eiub was assisted by Miss E. Senbert, bo
pra-io, the Bach Musical Club (instrumental),
Profeßsor H. Barth, conductor, and the Knick
erbocker Quartet. The concert was under the
direction of the club's musical director, Pro
fessor H. Holznauer.
Immediately alter the programme was con
cluded the members and guests repaired to
the banquet hall, where a number of toasts
were proposed and responded to.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Yesterday's Runs Postponed — Harry
Terrlll Not Seriously Hurt.
All of the bicycle runs scheduled for
yesterday had to ba postponed one week,
owing to the inclement weather. In con
sequence the different clubhouses were
cror/ded all day and evening, and natur
ally tbe principal topics, of discussion
were the many exciting events incident to
the opening mest of the Velodrome Satur
day.
Harry Terrill was at the Bay City Club
in the afternoon with his head all band
aged, but he is not suffering much from
the effects of his fail and expects to be able
to ride again at the meet Thanksgiving
day. The Terrill brothers gave the public
a sample of the grit for which they are
noted in the race in winch they were both
thrown. The fall was near the tat>e, and
all but two, Downiag and Becker, went
down.
These two finished, and tbe T-rrills. as
soon as they got tbeir senses, seemed to
realize simultaneously that there was a
third prize to be had, and at once jumped
up and started to drag their badly dam
aped wheels toward the tape. "Bob,''
who was the least injured, got there first,
and Harry gave up, falling into the arms
of two of his ciubmates who had rushed
toward him. thoroughly exhausted..
Decker of the Acme Club bad a narrow
escape from hitting the judges' stand
when he fell, and was lucky to escape
witu what few bruises he received.
Tbe riding of Kenna, the amateur
champion and a new acquisition to the
already long list of cracks carrying the
old gold and crimson of the Bay City
Whfe.'men, was the best seen here in
many a day, and ranks him as a star per
former. He would be formidable in the
professional class, but does not Care to
race for money, and is satisfied to remain
where be is.
Leitch of Sacramento did not appear at
this meet as a professional, notwithstand
ing the announcement of a morning
paper.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen Have lost
some good members recently. Harlow H.
White and Len D. Owens have resigned
from the club and cast their lots with the
new Olympic Gun Club, which has re
cently established an elegant clubhouse
on Van Ness avenue. John E. Edwards,
the professional racer, baa left the Olym
pic Wheelmen and gone to tne Imperial
Club. Dan E. Whitman, another "pro.,"
has joined the Garden City Cyclers.
D. E. Becker, the five-mile National
champion, has challenged "Bob" Terrili
to race for the Velodrome shield, which
the latter won Saturday. The event will
take place in two weeks.
If. iv Castle, a well-known wheelman of
New York, was a spectator at tbe races
Saturday, and pronounced tbe meet a big
success in his estimation, and the track
one of tne beat he has ever seen. He is
representing a patent headlight for bicy
cles, and will be here a fortnight.
The Thanksgiving day meet at tbe Velo
drome will have a good programme, but
it is being given by the management
against the sage advice of all the wheel
men prominent in local cycling affairs
and who have had lots of experience in
promoting race meets. They realize that
the intercollegiate football game and the
horseraces will draw so many people that
there will be but few of the sport-loving
puhlic left to attend bicycle races.
Harry li3rkin, .«ecretary of tne Bay CHy
Wheelmen, is in Fresno on business.
The Bay City Wheelmen's pool tourna
ment commences this evening.
McClish Favors Football.
Rev. Dr. Eli McClish, president of the
University of the Pacific, addressed a meeting
held in the Howard-street Methodist church
last night especially for Companies A and I of
the Boys' Brigade. He spoke encouragingly
of the value of the organization, and declared
that growing youth is full of animal spirits
that naturally seek an outlet in romping play,
in vigorous activity. He said that he favors
football and baseball, and all such manly
sports that permit of the full exercise of the
puysical power on a boy that goes to round
him out into a strong, manly, self-reliant man
familiar with his power and able to use and
to restrain it, because of the schooling of his
nerves and muscles in his athletic exercises.
Children at the Chutes.
The management of the Haight-street
grounds has issued; invitations to -visit the
Chutes on Wednesday, 1 Thursday and Friday,
to all the public school children :of the i City.
One ticket for each pupil has been sent to each
school. '.•-. . . •
•—• — * — ♦
The rock at the Niagara Falls is saia to
be .' crumDling f . away. v Professor Spencer
gives ; ample assurance,'' : ; however, . that
there is no need to rush to see it before it
finally disappears. The falls, he soys,
have been in their. present form 3000 years
and they are believed to be "good for as
many more. , .. ■ --"■>Mss&£&BßS£S£i
. .—. — * — «
> . Domestic pets,, which : have endeared
themselves by long years of association to
the "Prince or Princess of Wales are 'ali
ways stuffed immediately after death and
find a permanent resting-place in a corri
dor Jf at ; Sandringham .or in Marlborougb
House. ;
NEW TO-DAY,
T T i
Leaders \2CJh
urn 1 1 £1 1 S !*2^r
Tea sets, 09 BhJ 11
Prettily Deronted. dj/ ■ fij
- Complete for 12 \f& OB ■ w
persons,
Seeing Them Means Buying Them.
Dainty little Bouquet Holders 5c
Cream Pitchers, very neat - 5c
Fruit Plates, real china - 10c
Napkin Rings, little beauties, 10c
Cuspidores, Majolica - - - - 25c
Real China Cuspidores - - 35c
Salad Bowls, tine china, •
dainty colors - ... . . 50c
CROCKERY, CHINA, GLASSWARE
y\ HP
PRICES THAT SELL QUICK !
Great American Imports Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission at. 18 Third it.
14* Sixth st. aooB Flilmore at.
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market St.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth rt,
c2i Montgomery ar*. 104 Second at.
533 Hayes st. 3285 Miss ion «t-
-52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington at. 616 E. Twelfth st.
til San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaal
135S Park at., Alameda.
HANDSOME PRESENTS GIVEN
i AX AUCTION
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 34, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS
FROSTING ON
DEVISADERO ST., Between Broadway
and Vallejo St.; VA1.1.1.10 ST..
West of Devisadero St.
Location sanitarily perfect. Marine view nnsnr- ;
passed and sublime, surroundings guaranteed
elegant and choice. Just the .spot lor a home.
Now Is the time to pure*. one or more loin, lor
tins property will surely double in value within
the next few years. Street work complete on De-
visad<-ro street; corner curbed and sewered. Take
Pacific avenue cabla cars to Eevisadero street to
examine this choice offering. Five Devisadero
street lots, 27:6x110 feel each; two Vallejo street
lots, 25x137:6 feet each.
Page-Street Corner Residence, Near
Golden Gate Park.
. Southwest corner Page and Cole streets— Hand-
some modern buy- window corner bouse of 9 rooms,
bath, finished basement, etc.; in periect condition.
Only one block from Golden (fate Park. Examine
this for a home. Page, Oak and Haight street
cars. Lot 30x100:3 feet.
; Howard-Street Residence-
East line (No. 2107) of Howard. 75 feet south
Of Seventeenth street— Large bay-window resi-
dence of ten rooms and bath: In elegant condi-
tion; choice neighborhood; cement walk; basalt
rock in street. Howard-street cars. .Lot 25x100
feet.
Western Addition Residence.
North line (No. 924) Page, 106:3 feet east of
Devisadero street; modern bay-window reside oca
of 9 rooms, bath, basement and conservatory;
newly panted and in good condition; brick foun-
dation; street accented; artificial stone sidewalk:
Devisidero, Haight and Page street cars; lot 25x
137:6 feet.
Castro Heights Residence.
West line (1020) Castro street, 186 fret south of
23d; modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bat n; all In tine condition; Castro-st.
cars pas* the door; 24th-st. cars one biock.
Mission Coalyard and Cottage.
i West line (No. 1310) of Church at., 89 feet
south of 35th ; cottage 4 rooms, with basement for
office; lot plan Iced for coal yard; street macadam-
ized and sewered: goodwill of business goes with
this property; just the place for hay, grain and
coal business or contractor: lot -Jsx :U2 feet.
Mission Cosy Residence.
South line (No. 449) of Jersey St., 85 feet east of
Castro; 2-story bay-window residence of 8 room*
and bath; brick foundations; in fine condition.
Mission Cottage.
Southeast line of Arlington St., 438 feet south-
west, of Koanoke; No. 381 Arlington St.; a pretty
bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and bath; in flue
condition.
. KASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
Office and Salesrooms, 638 Market St.
DR. COOK
Makes X-RAY examinations, and guorantees
a perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
' : LOST MANHOOD, weakness of sexual or-
gans, nervous debility, night emissions,; ex-
hausting drains which impair both -body, and
brain and absolutely uuni one for, study, busi- .
ness or marriage, treated with never tailing
success. Get cured and be a man. "-
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
female complaints, blood and skin diseases,
constitutional and internal troubles, rupture,
piles, varicocele and hydrocele quickly cured
without pain or detention from business.
I • WKI i E at once if living away from the city.
Thousands cured at home. Office hours— to .
12 a. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sunday, 10
to 12 a. m. only. Address '„-;■:=
nfiPTflß Pfink* «!5 market street.
UUU I Un UUdIV, San Francisco, Cai.
\ ■•■. ■■■.'• :;.■ ':- ■ >.■■ '.; . : ■■' ■.■.-, •■--. - : ..-■ . 'Jp
Fiirely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Con»
plete digestion : and absorption or : tbe food, c^u»j
• healthy action of the .Liver and render the £ow*U
BMoral in taeir op«iat ou without eriniiu i ■ :
56
" MONDAY NOVEMBER 23. 1898
CHARLES M. SMOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION -Postage Frees
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. f0.15
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. ; .66
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11... 1.60
Vxuu Call, one year, by mall 1.60
. BUSINESS OFFICE:
?1O Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone.... .......Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9 -.30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. . ■
'.518 Mlßßlon street; oppn until 9 o'doclt.
167 **■ "Ah Bireet; open until 9 o'clock.
■1 Market street, open till 9 o'clocfc
OAKLAND OFFICE:
WJB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: .
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Tlie Assessors' convention will be the
big thing this week.
If you have any ideas on tax reform
now is the time to put them in shape.
A Secretary of Mines and Mining would
be as great a help to the Cabinet as to the
miners.
Maceo is one Cuban that can't be
smoked out, and he is not made of poor
stuff either.
It keeps Mark Hanna busy these days
denying reported interviews. The fakers
are still after him.
There is no process of education on the
subject of home industries equal to that
of advertising them.
An extra session is better than a deficit
tariff. .Better have too much Congress
than too little revenue.
Remember, this is the season for charity
as weil as thanksgiving;, and make your
preparations accordingly.
If war break-; out with .Spain the first
duty of the Government will be to send
out a tugboat to guard the Texas.
It seems fair to assume that the deficit
has grown large enough by this time for
Cleveland to mention it in liis message.
There may be no effective way of pre
venting the advertisins of lotteries, but
the Legislature might try its hand at it.
■ The New Yorkers have noted that
. Moody drew bigger crowds than the
horse show, and they are trying to guess
why.
Every step taken in the movement for
tariff reform should be toward protection,
and there should be no compromise on
that principle.
The outlook for a re'orm tariff bill this
winter is so unpromising that we might
as well begin to count on an extra session
as a sure thing.
• Election skeptics are bobbing up all
over the country and writing to the papers
that they have no more faith in recounts
than in first counts.
There is no land with such a profusion
of luxuries as California and none where
such a large proportion of the people can
nfford to enjoy them.
We shall never have Tom Watson in the
right place until we make him captain of
the Texas and give him the fellows who
constructed her as a crew.
If McKinley should rind the work of
Cabinet-making at all tiresome he has
only to cay so and lots of fellows will
volunteer to do the job for him.
Since Uncle Bam succeeded so well in
quieting the British and Venezuelan quar
rel he might soothe down the Spaniards
and Cubans a little if he would try hard.
Many a man who voted for Bryan i 3
now willing to admit he was mistaken in
b lieving it was necessary to give tne
country fits in order to cure it of hard
times.
The last Republican administration pro
moted the esiat)lii.hment of a steamship
line across the Atlantic, and the next one
will advance the eood work by promoting
one across the Pacific.
The Tennesseeans are rushing the build
ings of their interstate exposition, wiach
is to open next May, and expect to have
the first whack at the money the new era
of prosperity will circulate.
One of the notable featnres of the cam
paign has been the slaughtering of Demo
cratic leaders. Cleveland, Hill, Carlisle,
Gorman and Altgeld go down with Bryan,
and there seems no chance for the resur
rection of any of them.
North Carolina has to elect a United
States Senator this winter, and as the
Legislature on a joint ballot will have 53
Republicans, 57 Democrats and 60 Pop
ulists, it is evident somebody will have to
make fusion oat of confusion in order to
win.
From the drift of things in Indiana it
seems ex-President Harrison can return to
the Senate if he wishes, but the situation
in New York is such that if Cleveland
wishes an office after leaving the Presi
dency he will have to run for Sheriff again
and end where he began.
The astronomers of the Lowell Observ
atory who have been working at Flagstaff,
Arizona, announce that since August 1
they have discovered 150 new stellar sys
tems, so it seems the dry climate of that
country has its advantages. If you can't
raise cain you can see stars.
The Eastern States have had the largest
apple crop on record, but just as they were
counting on big profits from the European
market German officials interdicted the
sale in that country on the ground that
American dried apples are unhealthy, and
now in some parts of the East the farmer
is willing to tight the Kaiser on sight.
Mining men will not be the only appli
cants this winter for a representative in
the Cabinet, as Senator Frye has a bill be
fore his committee in the Senate provid
ing for the creation of a Department of
Commerce, and it might be a good thing
for the miners to join forces with the
merchants and acore a double victory.
THE PLEASURE OF APPRECIA
TION.
The desire of appreciation and the feel
ing of pleasure arising upon its honest
expression are among the most clearly de
fined attributes of the human mind. It
matters not in what pursuit, trade or call
ing a person is engaged, he will be found
as a rule earnestly seeking for the appre
ciation of somebody, and will respond in
an increase of effort when its presence is
made known.
The Call, under its present manage
ment, has devoted two years of service to
the people of California, with certain
definite objects in view. It has aimed to
be a daily newspaper representing and re
sponding to tbe healthiest thought of the
t:me. It has endeavored to carry into
effect methods of journalism which are
above reproach. It has honestly sought
to gain and to deserve the confidence of
its readers and patrons, and by this means
alone to achieve f-uccess. It has bad an
increasing consciousness that it possesses
this confidence and that tne success it
aimed for was being achieved.
It has be*n a pleasure indeed to find
that the effort of The Call in the direc
tion of clean and honorable journalism is
being met with proper and well-expressed
appreciation.
In Town Talk, one of the brightest and
best of our local weeklies, appeared last
week the article which The Call repro
duced upon its first page yesterday. Tbe
following excerpt from that article con
tains the very essence of The Call's
policy:
The real test of merit in a newspaper is what
it contains. Upon this point The Call is safe
from the effect of idle rumors and adverse
criticism. It gives the news. It speaks boldly
aud clearly udoii the issues of the day. It
treats discordant interests fairly. It black
mails nobody. It reflects the decency and
propriety of daily journalism.
The Call ia grateful for this clear and
unequivocal expression of appreciation on
the part of oar weekly contemporary. It
reflects, we beiieve, the sentiment* of tbis
community and of every other into the
homes of which The Call is going with
constant increases. The people of
California may rest assured that
the past course of The Call
which has evoked such words of apprecia
tion will be its future one, and that it will
continue to represent with increasing
earnestuess and force that element in our
society which believes in the decency and
honesty in journalism which is a
prerequisite to success in every other
department of thought and trade.
THE MAGNETIC EFFECT.
Araone the letters of congratulation
which President-elect McKinley has re
ceived from all parts of the country we
may be sure tnat none have pleased him
more than those which have come to nim
from men of business and of industry.
These have brought him the best assur
ance of the prosperity of his administra
tion by making it clear to him that his
election means the renewal of activity in
ail lines of trade and the prosperity of all
the people.
Among letters of this kind one of the
most notable is that from Henry Clews,
who, among other things, says: "The
magnetic effect of your election has al
ready advanced the price of securities
dealt in at the New York Stocr Excnange
over $100,000,000, and a corresponding
amount in the securities dealt in at the
different local markets throughout the
country."
Mr. Clews called attention to the facts
that when he wrote spot cash wheat had
advanced both in Chicago and New York
since the election 14 cents a bushel, rates
of interest on call money had fallen from
10 to 4 per cent, and mercantile paper
which before the election was unsalable
was then sought for at 5 per cent per an
num. This, as he points out, has resulted
in the employment of an increased amount
of labor, and he says: "Machinery that
•was heretofore idle by reason of the pro
longed bad times is starting up again with
renewed vipor in all directions."
That these statements are not exagger
ated is made evident by the news of open
ing mill? and reviving industry in all
parts of the Union. We have not felt the
new impulse so acutely in California as in
some other States where there is a greater
manufacturing industry and where the
depression was more disastrous, but even
here there are not lacking abundant evi
dences that we are about to enter upon an
era of industrial activity which will be
widely different from the condition which
his prevailed during the past three years.
Among the notable signs of activity in
our State are the prospects for increased
railway construction. The Valley road
is preparing for large extensions, the
Southern Pacific is getting ready to com
plete the coast line to Los Angeles, and
capital is coming forward to promote local
lines in various parts of ti e State. This
activity in railroad construction will stim
ulate activity in other lines of industry,
and before long we shall see a large degree
of general prosperity.
Taking all these things into considera
tion it will be seen that Mr. Clews used
the right phase in speaking of "the mag
netic effect" of McKinley's election. The
results have been hardly less than mag
netic in all parts of the Union, and there
is every reason to believe that these effects
will continue to increas* as wise legisla
tion takes the place of Democratic blun
dering when the McKinley administra
tion becomes a fact instead of a forecast.
THE END OF FUSION.
The trouble of the fusion managers has
not ended with the election. On the con
trary, never was the fusion in so much
confusion as at this time. The discord
affects the whole scheme from highest to
lowest, and is to be noted not only in
National politics, but even in the local
politics of the approachirr spring elec
tions.
The declaration of L. C. Bateman, who
was the Populist candidate for Governor
in Maine, published in The Call of
Thursday, has been followed by another
letter from Watson to Chairman Butter,
published yesterday. Both of these make
it clear that the middle-of-the-road Popu
lists will have nothing more to do with
Democracy, and reports from the cities in
California where spring elections are to be
held show that the local Democratic and
Populist managers are as antagonistic as
are their National leaders.
As Mr. Bateman said: '"Bryan and his
issue are done for." That expresses the
whole situation in a nutshell, and as there
is no longer any fusion issue, there is no
longer any possibility of lusion. To tne
National leaders the difficulty is merely
one of abstract politics, but to the local
leaders getting ready for spring election
ft is a much more perplexing problem.
They are not able to dispose of it by
simply writing letters on the subject, and
it would seem that nothing remains for
them but a complete abandonment of the
combination formed last summer.
This result was not unexpected. In
fact, it was foreseen from the beginning
by political experts, and foretold over and
over again. The l'opuists will go back
to tne middle of tiie road and resume their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
march toward the end they have long had
in view, while t:ie Democratic leaders wili
gather their nocks in the woods as best
they can. Fusion has at last reached its
inevitable end, and the result is confusion
worse confounded.
GENERAL MILES' REPORT.
In his annual report to the Secretary of
War, General Miles devotes considerable
space to the consideration of the question
of coast defense, and renews forcibly- all
the recommendations on that subject made
in former reports. He points out that the
appliances of war have undergone so great
a change within the last thirty years as to
make it imperative to alter the entire char
acter of our older fortifications and arma
ments.
In his estimates of work required to be
done the general treats the Pacific Coast
well. He recommends for San Diego $800,
-925, for Ban Francisco $902,850, for the
mouth of the Columbia River $566,325 and
for Puget Sound $764,050.
In addition to these recommendations
for coast defenses the general also urges
the importance of having on this side of
the Rocky Mountains a station suitable
for the accommodation of a regiment of
cavalry. He recommends furthermore an
increase of the army, on the cround that
it has not kept pace with the growth of the
country and the needs of the Government.
He suggests that the enlisted strength of
the army should be fixed at one soldier to
every 2000 of the population as the mini
mum, and that the maximum strength
should be determined by the President
according to the necessity and require
ments of the Nation.
Whatever may be thought of the gen
eral's recommendations in regard to an
increase in the strength of the army, there
is hardly likely to be any wide differences
of opinion concerning what he sayH of the
need of coast defenses. While the total of
his estimate is large we can see by the
amounts proposed for the defense of the
Pacific Coast that they are not excessive.
His estimates will give us fortifications at
four points along the line of our coast,
and considering the cost of modern arma
ments the sum which he suggests U cer
tainly economical.
The average citizen, busy with the affairs
of his daily vocation, does not seetho ne
cessity of military armaments as the gen
eral of the army sees it. In fact the mass
of business men regard the probability of
war as something so far and remote
that it is hardly worth while to make
preparations for it on anything like an
extensive scale. The views of such men,
however, ought not to have much weight
against those of the general of the army.
It is his duty to study the protection of
j the Nation against any possible war, and
1 when in the fulfillment of that tasK ne
makes a report concerning things needed
for our security, it would be a lack of
common-sense on our part if we should
neglect to heed what he says or fail to
carry out his recommendations as far as
they accord with National economy.
HOLIDAY GUTS.
There are many people in San Francisco
I who have friends scattered about over the
I Eastern States to whom they will wish to
! send some token of remembrance at
Christmas time, especially if they knew
ju«t what is the proper thine to send.
Would it not be a good idea to send
them something, little or big as the
j giver's purse and generosity may chance
jto be, that is distinctively Californian?
Borne native product in which we excel
would be particularly appropriate to send
as a gift from California, which is re
garded as a wonderland by Eastern peo
ple. The danger of duplication of gifts
would tnus almost certainly be avoided,
and so even those to whom Santa Claus
had been exceedingly bountiful would
have a novel pleasure in the remem
brances sent from the Golden State.
Were this plan generally adopted it
j would do a double benefic.ency. Besides
its uses in the world of pleasure, it would
have an influence in the world of industry
and commerce. Nearly all things have
their small beginnings, and there is no es-
I timating to what extent the samples of
I California good things thus spread broad
cast might enlarge Eastern knowledge of
our productions ana create an appetite
and demand for them.
To have such a calculating object would
not be by any means selfish, because the
benefits conferred would preponderate for
.the East. To teach the Eastern people
wtiere to send for what they are so much
in need of as California products is an ob
ject second in benevolent importance only
to sending the gospel to the heathen.
Just go down into the beautiful stores
of our City and look around you. There
are dainties both beautiful and luscious of
many kinds, pat up in small packages
and sold for moderate prices. There are
glasses of berries put up whole so that no
man need doubt their integrity. This
would mean much to the Eastern man
who has been fed on concoctions of glu
cose and sulphuric acid purporting to be
preserves of fruit. Then there is melange,
giving much in little, which would make
1 a moderate express parceL
Small light boxes of select dried figs
and prunes look tempting here, and there
they would De irresistible. Novelties of
orange, olive and redwood, photographs
and paintings of our scenery would be
more valued in the East than Mere. Then
there is wine. The list is long, but ail
choice and cheap. Scatter the samples, so
the East may learn to order its good
things from the land of delicious abun
dance and artistic beauty.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Tha Portuguese Government recently in
vited bids for building a 3600-ton cruiser. The
lowest tender came from Messrs. Schlechau
of Dantztg of $1,097,500, without arma
ment; the Germanic Company of Kiel offered
to build the cruiser for $1,112,500: the Naval
Armament Company of Barrow'g tender was
$1,1 85,000, and that of Armstrong, Mitchell
& Co. of Newcastle-on-Tyne $1,415,000.
This latter included armaments. The lowest
offer— sl,o97,soO-is very nearly that which
the Union Iron Works received for the Charles
ton, of about the same displacement.
France has now nearly twice as large a navy
as Italy, a fact which worries Slgnor Brin and
has caused him to frame a naval programme
to cover ten years from 1897. He proposes to
build 20 vessels of different classes, 100 tor
pedo boats and 10 auxiliary vessels. The
yearly sum to be expended Is set at $6,000,
-000, or $60,000,000 for the ten-year period.
There is some difference of opinion as to
whether in the present financial straits of
Italy the revenue can bear this increased bur
den.
The Catinat, a second-class protected cruiser
of the French navy, built by cob tract, is one
of trfe most formidable vessels of moderate
displacement yet built for any navy. She dis
places 3900 tons and Is calculated to maintain
a speed of 19 knots with 9000 horsepower.
It is the battery, however, which constitutes
the remarkable efficiency of this vessel, the
armament consisting, according to latest ad
vices, of twenty-four 3.94-Inch quick-firing
guns, throwing shells of 40 pounds weight
capable of penetrating 8 inches of iron at
2500 yards. As the rapidity with which these
guns can bo fired is 15 rounds per minute the
efficiency of the Catanat practically is that of
four vessels armci with guns not of the quick
firing type, and must prove itself a very tor
midable vessel in an engagement with cruisers
ENTITLED TO THANKS OF ALL GOOD CITIZENS.
From the San Francisco News-Letter.
Much of McKinley's success on the Pacific Coast is to be attributed to the healthy
influence exerted by the San Francisco Call on all intelligent and patriotic voters.
During the campaign the editorials appearing in this up-to-date were well
written and convincing; the cartoons were apt and striking, ana the local reports were
full and fair to ail parties and candidates. Mr. Shortridge is entitled to the thanks of
every citizen who has the welfare and interests of his country at heart
of even larger size and heavier firmament but
deficient in number of guns. The cost of the
ship will reach $1,641,140, of which $249,325
is for the armament.
Next year's naval programme of Great
Britain will include three improved Tal Dot's
second-class cruisers, of 6000 ton* and 10,000
horsepower and 20-kuot speed. They will be
10 feet longer than the Talbot class, some
what finer lines and half a knot greater speed.
Four first-class cruisers of 11,000 tons and
20,000 horsepower have been contracted for
with private firms for the British navy. They
will be named Europa, Diadem, Niobe and
Sparta, and their cost ranges from $2,230,000
lo $12,240,000.
The war vessels in course of construction in
Great Britain at the end of September were as
follows: For the British Government in dock
yards 9, aggregating 80,835 tons; in private
yards «0 of 104,455 tons. For foreign Govern
ments there were building in private yardsJ26
war vessels, representing a total of 82,740
tons. Tnia gives a grand total of Vi> war ves
sels building for home und foreign Govern
ments of 268,030 tons.
An Interesting trial was recently made with
the Danish frigate Fyen to ascertain the ac
tual value, under certain conditions, of auxil
iary &ails on a steamer. Under steam the
irigate was making 5 knots in the teeth of a
strung topsail breeze and developed 580 horse
power. Turned 5J£ points off irom the wind
her speed rose to 8 knots for the same power.
Gaff and staysails were now put on, constitut
ing au area ol 6000 square fest, after which
the speed ro»e to nearly 10 knots, showing the
work done by the sails to oe equal to 340
horsepower. After some hours the engine
was stopped and the speed umler sail fell to
2J^ knots, representing only 30 horsepower,
the ship beintf driven very much to leeward
on account of the small sail area, which was
not sufficient to give her requisite speed to
overcome the leeway which, on the other
band, was scarcely perceptible when steam
power was also used.
PERSONAL
John Braier of Santa Cruz is at the Occi
dental.
F. M. Wegor, a hotel man of Ukiah, is visit
ing at the Kuss.
6am Alexander, a Fresno merchant, Is stay
ing at the Lick.
B. H. Worcester, a mining man of Angels
Camp, is at the Russ.
C. A. Swisler, an attorney of Placerville, Is
registered at the Grand.
W. G. Frazier, a farmer of Lakeport, regis
tered ai the Russ last night.
L. Iliman, a merchant of Nevada City, ar
rived at the Lick last night.
R. A. Long, an attorney of Willows, is mak
ing a short stay at the Grand.
Edward l. Field, a Denver mining man, ar
rived at the Palace last night.
£. M. Mann ion, aj hardware dealer of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
Jess C. Ricker, cletk of tho District Court at
Helena, Mont., is at the Ramooa.
X Wines, the stage-line proprietor of Santa
Barbara, is a guest at the Grand.
Fred L. Ewer, a large vineyardist from St.
Helena, is staying at the Kamona.
W. 11. Christie, a large iron dealer of Emery
■vine, is a recent arrival at tne I'alace.
George H. Fernald of Worcester, Mass., is a
guest at the Occidental, with Ma wife,
M. R. Plaisted of the Kiversidu Enterprise Is
making a brief visit at the California.
W. J. Green, a rge fruit dealer of Los An
geles, is among those registered at the Grand.
P. G. Williams and H. & Pond, mining men
from Glendale, Mont., are gucsis, at the Kuss.
R. Sheier, & mining man from Valentine,
Shasta County, registered last night at the
Russ.
George O. SeibeU of Mare Island, paymaster
on the receiving ship Independence, is at the
Grand.
J. A. Andrews, a manufacturing pharmacist of
Minneapolis, is one of the late arrivals at the-
Grand.
F. E. Wadsworth, proprietor of the Evening
Herald of Nevada City, is visiting at the
Kamona.
Lee Wilson of New York, manager of Mme.
Nordica, arrived at the California yesterday
from the East.
A. 8. Cooper, the asphaltum expert and civil
engineer, of .-anta Barbara, registered at the
Grand last night.
W. Broderick-Cloete, a prominent Londoner,
arrived from the East last night and took
apartments at the Palace.
Mrs. Charles D. Lane of Angels Camp and
her son-in-law, Thomas Allen, arrived at the
I'alace yesterday with L. L. Lane.
F.X. Schoonmaker of Plainfield N. J., the
campaign speaker who came out here to stump
for the Republicans, returned yesterday to the
P&lace. !
Miss Julia M. Lewis, connected with the
Urfited States postal department in Washing
ton, D. C, is spending a.few days as a guest of
the Ramona.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 2sc. •
Christmas Cards and Calendars now ready
for iuspection at San born & Vail's, 741 Market.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery, •
The lecture of Archbishop Rlordan, which
was to have been delivered Tuesday, November
24, in aid of the Presentation Convent, Powell
street, has been postponed to the evening of
Tuesday, December 1, 1896, on account of the
entertainment of the c. L. A. Society which
takes place November 24. Tickets mny be had
at the rooms of the C. L. A. Society, 95 Dono
lioe building. *
Smith— l see that a bullet from one of those
new rifles will kill six men, standing one be
hind another.
Thompson— You don't gay? In that case, a
man might just as well go to the front.— Puck.
Through Sleeping; Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, Banta Fe
route, will continue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palacedrawing-room,
also upholsierea tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in the United States, Canada, Mexico or
EiiroDe. Kxcurslons through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone main 1831
Oakland, 1118 Broadway
Phillips' Kocfc Island Kxeurslons
Leave ban Francisco every ; Wednesday, via Rio
Grande anit Rock Island .Hallways. : Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and poners accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent nook island Hallway, SO Mont
gomery street, tan rancisoo.
» ♦ — •
Through Tar to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly rfpnoistered tourist-car leav.a Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for alt
points in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No change of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Come
and get oar rates if you expect to malte a trip to
any Eastern point. T. K. 8 ateler, General Agent
Northern Pacific Ry. Co., 638 Market street, ML F.
"Mrs. IV in alow » Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flfiy years by million* of
mothers for their children whiie Teething with per
fect success. It soothes the child, softens begums.
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates he Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom tee. b ing or other causes, ior sale by drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and aslc
for Mm. Wlnsiow 1 * &*>othlng Syrup. 20c a botUe,
(osonabo.- Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com.
mon further north, Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel da!
Coronado, $65: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 _«•*• Montgomery st., San Francisco.
— •—• — ♦ — •
That time-honored preparation, Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral, is still the medicine most in demand for
colds and coughs, it always cures. -
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
J. L. Dearbron of Wentworth, N. H., who is
93 years old, tells with equal priae that he
I voted for Andrew Jackson in 1829 and for
I McKinley in 1896.
Russian cannon captured at Sebastopol are
used as trophies in Various parts of France.
During the Czar's recent visit to Paris four ol
these identical guns were used iv tiring a sa
lute to welcome him.
Mrs. Humphry Ward is credibly said to
have received $75,000 for the copyright of her
recently issued novel, and Nansen's price for
the British and American rights of his work,
descriptive of his recent explorations, is to be
$50,000.
Ex-Queen Isabella II of Spain recently cele
brated on the same day her sixty-eighth birth
day and her golden wedding. She gave a
luncheon in her palace |ti the Champ Elysees,
to which her husband, Don Francis of Assisi,
who also lives in Paris, was not invited.
George Bernard Shaw, the London novelist,
who has been a vegetarian for fifteen years,
says that "the enormity of eating the scorched
corpses oi animals— cannibalism, with its
heroic dish omitted— becomes impossible the
moment it becomes consciously instead of
thoughtlessly habitual."
Miss Vivian Sartoris, General Grant's grand
daughter, will "come out" in Washington this
winter, and a number ot parties are being ar
ranged in consequence. Mrs. Nellie Grant-
Sartoris, as well as her mother, lives in Wash
ington with her children. Her son, Algernon,
who has been traveling in Europe with a tutor,
has just returned and entered the Columbia
Law School, New' York.
Major Edward Scofield, the Governor-elect
ol Wisconsin, is the son of a Pennsylvania
farmer. At the uge of 14 he became a printer's
"devil" in a country newspaper office, later
becoming a typesetter. He served through
the war with great gallantry, coming out as a
major. At the close of the war he went into
I the lumber business, and is now one of the
I most success iul lumbermen in Northern Wis
{ consin.
HORSELESS MAIL WAGONS.
A scheme to use horseless mail wagons in
New York has been proposed by Second Assist
ant Postmaster-General Neilson. One of the
Goes Without Horses.
vehicles is in the course of construction, and
the experiment will probably be tried this
month. If the horseless wagons should prove
to be a success, mail taken from the street
boxes and sorted during the collection from
box to box at the end of the trip can be taken
direct to the i^stal-carf. Tnis change would
relieve the pressure at the branch stations and
the general po^toffice.
CHEERINESS.
Let ns stop the worry, deer; >
' Things are coming right.
Sing your bean a sons of cheer;
Give your ejes the light.
Luck is with the bold of heart,
God with those that smile;
We but need to do oar pan
Yet a little while.
Fortune, but to hide her frown,
When she s 68 your eye
Dimmed wi. ii tears and dropping down,
Lightly passes by.
Meet her look with ne'er a fear;
Soon her eyes will lisht
Let us stop the worry, dear,
Things are coming right. — Boston Post.
A DAINTY MORNING SACQUE.
A luxurious, dainty dressing sacque appeals
to all woman, especially If the^shape itself be
simple and maybe easily made at home by
the amateur dressmaker. (The model shown
here is seamless in front. The back has but
one form joined to the front by under-arm
gore.) White silk, figured all over with sprays
of yellow blossoms, with a lining of yellow
eiderdowD, is one of the most dainty combi
nations. A jabot of white lace, with an edg
ing of the same around the collar, forms the
trimming.
A white flannel with blue stripes, lined with
blue China silk, had a ruffle of blue ribbon
arouna the collar, with a.i immense bow of
the same at the iront A white challie with
pink figures was lined with rink China siik,
of which the collar was also made; the latter
was edged with white lace, which also formed
a jabot in iront. The sleeves of this were cut
off just below the elbow and trimmed with a
ruffle of lace.
A violet silk was lined with white flannel
The collar was of violei and white striped silk,
of which the cuffs were aso made. A five
inch accordion-pleated ruffle of chiffon edged
the collar, iormed a frill down the front and
hung over the hands.
For simpler sacques eiderdown and flannel
are used, without liniugs. A simple trim
ming consists of taree bows of bright ribbon
in iront.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Lilli (at a soiree, whispering)— What has be
come of Aunt Lucie's habitual smile?
Erna— lt is at the dentist's.— Tit-Bits.
"Are you well?"
"I believe so, yet I can't say positively; I
haven't had time to look up the new diseases
in to-day's paper."— Judge.
Ec (indignantly)-I beg your pardon, miss
but I always keep my word.
She (complacently)— I can easily believe that
for no one would take it.— Washington Times!
Chicago Post-Ho talks a good deal about
his diamonds. Has he any?
"Well, I should say he has. He has a whole
cellar full, and they come as high as 87 and $8
a ton, too."
•'Chumpley. I've made up my mind I was
crazy when I lent you that $50."
"S.range! for I am equally certain that I
was not responsible when I borrowed it' 1 —
Detroit Free Press.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
All Gloom and Uncertainty
Gradually Clearing
Away.
First Installment of Taxes Will
Become Delinquent Next
Monday.
Eff cts of the Recent Decision of the
. Wright Irrigation Law on
Property Interests.
The noticeable improvement in realty affairs
as well as in other branches of business which
followed the election has continued, though
it cannot be said that the prospects of a gen
eral rise of prices in real estate are very bril
liant. In other words, the gloom nnd uncer
tainty which hung over the country pending
the recent election has been cleared away.
One of the leading topics of conversation
among the real-estate agents during the past
week has been the recent decision of tne
United States Supreme Court holding the
Wright irrigation law of California to be con
stitutional. The opinion is that the effect of
the decision will be to establish abroad a
larger degree of confidence in California in
vestments and to encourage capitalists to in
vest their money in California lands.
REVIEW OK THE EECOEDS.
There were eighty-nine deeds placed on
record during the week.
The mortgages numbered seventy and aggre
gated $199,705, among which were the fol
lowing:
By Cathrina Himmelmann to D. Van Nes,
$22,000 for three years at 6 per cent per
annum, on property at northwest corner of
Bush and Powell streets, north 60, west 60,
north 20, east 60, north 57:6, west 137:6,
souiu 77:6, east 60, south 60, east 77:6; by i
Adolph Sutro to Hibernia Bank, $18,000 for
one year at 6% per cent, on property lit north
west cornc-r oi Killmore and Hayes streets, |
west 242:6 feet, east 112:6, south 25, east 100. I
south 112:6; also $18,000 for one j»ar at 6Vj I
per cent, on property at southeast corner oi
Battery and Jackson streets, south 60 feet, east
87 :6, south 60. east 50. north 120, west 137 :t> ;
by William 11. H. Hart to Uizabeth A.
Rodgers, $32,210 to June 1, 1897. at 8 per
cent, on undivided one-fifth of 12}^ per cent
of the estate of Thomas H. Blythe; by Barbara
and Michel Weber to Golden Gate Build
ing aud Loan Association, $11,600 at 6
per cent per annum, payable $4600
in six months, $7000 in six years;
by Lena and Bernard btrnuss to Uumboldt
Bank, $4000, to January 16, 1898, at 7 per
cent per annum, on property on south side of
BroHdway, 151 iett west of Franklin street. 31
xl37:3i£feet; by F. A. Jennings to Home Mu
tual Building and Loan Association, $4600,
lor one year at 7 per cent, on property on I
south line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 leet east !
of Broderick, east 75 feet, south 80, east 25, :
south 57:6, west 100, north 137:6; by Francis
E Beck to Hioerma Bank, $4850, for one year
at 6}i per ceat, on property on the west line of
Foisom street, 32 feel soutu of Twenty-seconJ,
33x100 feet; by Alice Quiun (wife of James H.
Quinn) to Humboldt Bank, $4100, for one
year at 6 per cent, on property on the north
east corner oi Fulton street, and First avenue,
east 51:9 feet, north 100, west 51:9,
southwest 100; by John F. Benard to
Francis J. Berry, $6000, to January
1, 1902, at 7 per cent per annum,
on property on the northeast line of Oak Grove
avenue, 150 feet southeast of Harrison street,
southeast 75x112 feet: by J. H. and H. B. Wil
son to William B. McClure $5750 lor a year at
8 per cent, on property on Pacific avenue,
near Central; by Annie Pools to Hibernia
Bank $3500 for one year at 6 per cent, on
Eropeny in block 21 of the Faumount tract;
y Clara Kruee to Hiberuia Bank $3000 for
one year at 6\4 r»er cent, on property in out
side land block 670; by William D. ftnd Mar
garet J.Walker to Humboldt Bank $3300 to
January 14, 1898, at 7 per cent.on property on
the east line of Octavia street, 150 feet south
of Goiden Ga'.e avenue, 25x100 feet; by John
W. and Emiiy K. Salter to John A. Lennon
$2500 for two years at 7 percent per annum,
on property on the west line of Valencia street,
151 feet south of Twenty-first, 27x90 feet; by
Thomas and Mary E. Voden to Mutual Savings
Bank $2500 for one year at 7 per cent, on
property on the west line of Clayton street,
133:9 feet south of Waller, 25x125 feet.
The releases were thirty-nine in number
and for a total of $95,577. Among them were
the following:
From D. Van Nes to Cathrina Hlmmelman,
$22,000, on property on the north west corner
of Bush and Powell streets, north 60 feet, west
60, north 20, east 60, north 57:6, west 137:6,
south 77:6, east 60, south 60, east 77:6; from
Hibernia Bank to Martin Fredrichs, $13,000,
on property on the northwest corner of
Eighteenth and Castro streets, 104x125; by
Home Mutual Building and Loan Association
to F. A. Jennings. $6200, on property on the
south line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 east of
BrodericK, east 56:3, south 80, east 25, north
80, east 18:9, south 137:6, west 100, north
137:6; by Security Loan Association to Frank
A. Madison. $5000, on property on tha west
line of -Fillmore street, 62:6 north of Union,
25x100; by Calitornia Title Insurance and
Trust Company to James Kitterman. $3000,
on property on the west line of Stockton
street, 137:6 feet north of Filbert, north 23:4 x
137:6 feet, also on north line of Greenwich
street, 137:6 feet east of Stockton, 35x137:6
feet; from Hibernia Bank to G. Asmussen,
$2700, on property on the east line of Capp
street, 25 feet north of Twenfy-founh, north
75, east 122:6. south 25, southwest and north
to beginning; from German Bank to Charles I.
Havens, $2450, on property on the east line of
Foisom street, 260 feet south of Twentieth,
50x122:6 feet; from Eli T. Sheppard to Har
riet B. and J. K. Wilou, $5750, on property
on Pacific avenue near Central; from John W.
Wright to Leopold Goldman, $2295. on prop
erly on the southertst corner of Grattau and
Sta'nyan streets, 25x111:6 feet: by German
Bank to Clotilda Sou lade, $2850, on property
on the west line of Fierce street, 25 feet south
of O'Farreli, 25x87:6 feet.
There were eight building contracts re
corded during the week, for an outlay of
$18,000.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.
Keal estate owners have only one week in
which to pay the first installment of taxes.
On Monday, November 30, at ti o'clock p. m
the delinquent penalty oi 15 per cent will be
NEW TO-DAT.
What is the
name of that new
baking powder now
coming to the
front?
" Txopht " means : "A sign of victory" ;
In thU instance, victory over —
Whatr
added to all accounts which may then be un
settled.
The Van Ness Improvement Club and the
Polk-street Improvement Club have filed peti
tions with the Supervisors requesting that a
contract for grading down tne hill on Polk
street, tetween Greenwich and Lombard, be
let at once.
Much building is at present going on in the
Castro -street and Sunnyside additions. Among
the new homes that are soon to be built N.
Foster intends to erect a dwelling on Surrey
street, near Douglass; Mrs. Susan C.Neil has
contracted for a cottage on the adjoining lot:
C. C. Oottung willbui.d a two-story residence
on Castro itreet, near Diamond: J. W. Jonnssn
has mHde arrangements for a cottage to be
constructed on his lot on Diamond street, near
Chenery.
The property-owners and residents in the
vicinity oi the City and County Hospital have
organized lor the purpose of. preventing, if
possible, the housing of the lepers now con
fined in the Pesthouse on the grounds of the
City und County Hospital.
Ttie new Mission High School, which 5s to
be located at the corner of Dolores anil Eisii
teenths'reeis, will be a three-aton and base
ment building of brick, terra cotta'and stone
The interior will be ol modern design, and the
structure will be as nearly fireproof as pos
siole. It will nave thirteen classrooms, a
gymnasium with 700 square feet of space, an
assembly hall with a seating capacity of 1000
persons and a physical and chemical labora
tory. The building is to cost within $137,000.
The grading and sewering of I'rtciia ■.venae,
north «nd south of beriihl Park, in Preclu.
Valley, has been ordered, and tho contra-; I.*1 .*
will be let to-dny.
The t?un Mateo Electric Railroad Company 1-s
at present contemplating extending its hn<; on
Eighteenth street from its present terminus, at
Guerrero, to Harrison.
It also proposes to reconstruct the roadway
"on Eighteenth street and to make the park
branch a belt line, the cars running west on
Eighteenth street to the Dark aud returning
east on Seventeenth.
The merchants on Sixth street, between
Market and Foisom, will organize an improve
ment club shortly ior the purpose of lurtlier
ing their interests. One of the first matters
that the proposed organization will take up
will be « demand for a better pavement to re
place the cobbles. Another matter of im
portance to be considered is the lighting of the
thoroughfare with electric light.
At a recent meeting of tho Mission Improve
ment Club the subject of bituminizing
Guerrero street, between Fourteenth and Six
teenth, and of Fourteenth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores, was discussed. It was
declared a necessity to reolace tho present
macadam with a hard pavement, and these
improvements will be petitioned for iv the
near future.
The Richmond District Improvement Club
is preparing a bill which will be introduced in
the next Legislature to bring about the closing
of the cemeteries. Two years ago the Legisla
ture was appealed to lo pass an act prohibiting
further burials within the municipality. This
measure, however, failed to pass, but the
Richmond residents believe that their chances
of getting legislation at the next session are
much better than they were two years ago.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will resume their
auctions this week. On Tuesday they will offer
' at public sale eight parcels of City property,
| consisting of the following subdivisions:
House and lot on the southeast corner of Page
I and Cole streets; lot and improvements, 2107
I Howard street, south of Seventeenth; resi
dence and lot, 924 Page street, near Devisa
dero; five lots on Devisadero street, between
Broadway and Vallejo; two lots on Vallejo
street, west of Devisadero; dwelling and lot,
1020 Castro street; a cottage and coalyard on
Church street, near Twenty-fifth; a dwelling
at 449 Jersey street; cottage and lot, 381 Ar
lington street.
A meeting of property-owners and business
men along the line of Valencia street will
soon be called for the purpose of organizing
an improvement club with a view of bstterini?
the business conditions of that thoroughfare.
The first subject that will probably be brought
up by the new organization will be a move
ment for the lighting of the thoroughfare with
arc lights.
SOME RECENT SALES.
Baldwin & Hammond report the following
: recent sales: Lot on north line ot Washington
i street, 130:6 east of Webster, 50x127:6. at
.$11,000; lot on south line of Page street, 87:6
i west of Octavia, 25x120, through to Rose
| avenue, with improvements on Rose avenue,
$4000; lot and improvements on north line
i of Perry street, 77:6 east of Third, 20x80,
$2800; lot and improvements on west side of
| Fourth avenue, 124:9 north of Point Lobos,
i 25x120, $1800; lot on north side of Twenty
fifth street. 71 east of Valencia, 46 :3J^ by an
irregular depth, at $850; lot ou the west
i side of Dolores street, 33 feet south of Army,
75x90, at $2400; five lots on the north line of
Lake street, 51 :6 feet west of Seventeenth
avenue, each 26x100, #2500; lot ou the west
line of Mission street, 7s i-et south of Tingiey,
25x108, $600; lot and improvements at 15
Chattanooga street, near Twenty-first, $4000;
lot and improvements on the west side oi
Shotwell street, 175 feet norih of Twenty-fifth,
! lot 25x122:6, $3500; lot and improvements at
| 23 Zoe street, near Bryant, lot 20x75, $2300;
six lots in the C»stro-street Addition at prices
ranging irom $350 to $400.
This firm also reports a very large inquiry
j for lots in tne blocks bounded by Frederick,
btanyan, Cole, Shrader and Beulah streets and
sales of lots in these blocks as follows: Six lots
on Cole street, between Frederick and Beulah,
including the southwest corner; two lots on
the south side oi Beulab, between Shrader and
Cole; six lots on the southeast corner of Shra
der and Beulah streets. Most of the recent
snles have been made to builders and im
provements will be made on a number of these
lots at once.
Jacob Heyman has disposed of three lots,
25x114 each, on the north side cf Alvarado
street, west of Douglass, on which three dwell
ings are to be begun next week, lie is also
building on Twenty-third street, 100 feet west
of Douglass.
H. E. Poehlman reports the sale of two lots
on Lake street, west of Ninth avenue, each lot
25x72 feet, for $1000 apiece, on which the
purchaser intends erecting at once a. hand
some residence. Tha property at the south
west corner of Clement street and Second ave
nue, 32:6x100 feet, is also reported sold by the
fwme agent for $2350, as well as the lot 57:6 x
100 feet at the southeast corner of L street and
Forty-sixth avenue for $175.
DEAN THE FOEGER.
He Will Ask to Be Released on His
i>wn Recognizance.
The application of A. H. Dean, the Ne
vada Bank forger, to be made before Judge
Wallace this week by his attorney will be
that he be released on his own recogniz
ance. Failing that, a reduction of hit
bonds to a nominal sum will be asked.
The bonds ■ are .at present $50,000, but if
they were red need to a reasonable amount
Dean says be might have a chance of get
ting bondsmen.
He has now been nine months in jail,
the object being to keep him there till the
Supreme Court cives its decision on the
appeal of Becker and Creegan, but as the
mills of justice in the higher courts grind
slowly he may be there for nine months
more.
» ♦ — «
little learnin' may beer danj'us ting,"
said Uncle Eben, "but I doan' believe dat it's
nigh ez danj'us ez no learnin"tall."—Wash
ington Star.• MONDAY NQVEMBKB '-'3. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkateb.— "An American citizen."
California Tbkatkb.— La Loie Fuller.
lom-mhia lin at KB- ••Humanity."
Siorobco's OPEBA-HorbK— ■ Hearts of Oak."
Tivou Opera -House.— -Donna Juunlta."
Oiphith- High-Class Vaudeville.
Aixazab Theatkr. End of the Century."
New Bubh-stbeet Theatek.— T. a. Kennedy,
iLe Hypnotist.
. Ibe Chutes and Skating Rink.— Daily at
Utight street, one block east of the Park.
..ttTKO liVths — Batfalns: an^i performance*.
Oakland Race Track.— Races to-day.
* lux .ATTDiTOBroM — Ellis and Mason street*—
_ Vaudeville, Tuesday evening, Nov. 24.
California Theater.— Kntertainment by the
Stanford* University Thursday evening, Nov. 28.
AUCTION iALfcS.
Ft Cook A Co.— This day, November 23, Chlna-
•*•»», at 123 Kearny fit., a: '2 o'clock.
By Madigan & Co.— This day, November 23,
Ni'acoris. etc., nt 1122 Mission street.
lit BDUITiI ' & I'niVLK-l day, Nov. 23,
Horses, eic., at :-Ul4 Sixteenth si. »t 11 o'clock.
By P. J. Bartit.— day, November 23, Office
Furniture, at 414 McAllister st., at. 11 o'clock.
By Easton <fc Kldridge.— Tuesday, Nov.. 24,
Real Estate, at salesroom, «38 Market street, at
IS o'clock. , ' '■:< -•'.•-■>
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
• The forest trees in the park are being
thinned out.
Fair Monday and colder.— A. G. McAdie,
m Forecast Official.
There were two balloon ascensions from the
• Chutes yesterday.
The front wall of John Hill's barn collapsed
yesterday iaoruiiig.
Sharkey passe-1 Sunday at bis quarter on the
• b-ach, receiving and visiting friends.
f The National Guard expacts the Legislature
>J appropriate $80,000 for a division encamp-
The annual cash prize shoot of the Nord
r>uetsohor Schuetzen Club was held yesterday
at Shell Mouud.
Several exciting and closely contested games
were played in the San Francisco handball
court yesterday.
The arngstore of William T. Kibbler, Turk
find Larkin *treet, wp.s entered by burglars
r.r.y. yesterday morning.
• The Robin Hood Benevolent Association will
Jio!d a grand carnival at the Mechanics' Pa
viiiou Tnanksgiviag day.
The Alameda Alerts defeated the Suisun
baseball team at Central Park yesterday alier
iioon by a score of 17 to 2.
National Guard'troops of the First and Third
. Brigades made an excellent record iv response
.to the late emergency call.
The San Francisco Hiding Club will be for
. naliy opened at 1613 Pacific aveuue next
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
Jimmy Carroll, the pugilist who met Jack
McAuliffe last Friday nieht, and was defeated
. in a ten-round go, is badly injured.
. Jack Coushlin of the Dolphins failed to
swim from Lime Point to Fort Point yesterday
I when 150 yards from his destination.
• The Christian Endeavorers of the West Side
Christian Church dedicated the first mission
established by that society in the City.
Information reached the City yesterday of
the death of Captain J. M. Vincent, a pioneer,
In the mining district of Sinaloa. Mexico.
o •J. L. Bardwell threatens to remove one of
his donations to the park museum because its
position was changed without his knowledge.
- J. H. Miller, the octogenarian janitor of the
Court block, died on Saturday from old age
He held tnat position for more than forty
years. "
' Many of the marksmen at the Shell Mound
„ rifle range yesterday carried away pigs, geese
and turkeys, prizes offered by Captain L,
fciebe.
x- A. H. Harscher, vice-president of Phoenix
.National Bank of Arizona, is spending a few
weeks in the City with headquarters at the
■: Ramon a.
A. H. Dean, the Nevada Bank forger, will,
through his attorney, make application to
Judge Wallace this week to be released on his
, own recognizance.
There will be an athletic field day at the
Presidio next Friday. Some interesting con
• tests between the First Infantry aud Third
I Artillery are promised.
Buie Ying Gwok, a young Chinese eirl 16
•years old, suddenly and mysteriously disap
peared from her little brothei- ou'Dupont
street last Saturday evening.
Mrs. Henrietta Skelton addressed the con
gregation at the West Side Christian Church
last evening. She spoke in behalf of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union.
Fitxsimmons held a reception to a number
• of clubmen and newspaper representatives at
his training quarters in Sausalito yesterday,
. who witnessed bis exercises with the gloves.
E. P. Cole, the attorney, is working hard for
the new bill providing for three to six new
Superior Judges for San Francisco. Many
prominent lawyers and the Judges favor the
bill.
John Hoean, a boatswain, was sandbagged
and robbed Friday night by Ignatius Hurley
and Patrick Sullivan on Folsom street, and a
• "charge of robbery was yesterday entered
against them.
Evidence from Oaklftnd.Sacramento, San Jose
and other points strongly corroborates The
Call's exclusive story that an airship has beeu
sailing tnrough the heaveus hereabouts for
nearly a week.
The old folks' love feast at Central Metho
diSi. Church yesterday morning was very pa
thetic, marked as it was by tearful utterances
of those filled with the great happiness of their
Christian faith.
George Cheshire, who was put In a trance
one week ago by Mesmerist Kennedy, was
awakened f>y him last night in the Bush-street
Theater. While of lees weight, Cheshire does
. not appear any the worse for his long sleep.
..• Realistic-looking stage rain and waterfalls
.without a drop of water, and flashes of sun
bhine and lightning, aii produced by a novel
. electrical apparatus for theatrical purposes is
the conception of Jonny Ward Hays of Chi
cago, who has come here to have her invention
built.
To Mrs. Amalia Lichaw.the wife of Dr. Ernst
Lichaw, 423 Geary street, and Mrs Mattie
Cramer belongs the distinction ot being the
pioneer lady members of the California
Miners' Association. Secretary Sonntag
granted them certificates on Friday They are
interested in three claims in Calaveraa
County.
Slaria Kip Orphanage.
The children of the Maria Kip Orphanage
will give an entertainment on the afternoon
of December 5 next between the hours of 1
"and 6 o'clock at their home, 568 Folsom
fctreet. In connection with the entertainment
a small-fair will be held. Many dainty and
. useful articles, the work of tha little inmates
will* be put up for sale at very reasonable
f. rices. Sister Anna, superintendent of the
nstitution, hopes that charitably inclined
persons will pay them a visit on that day.
The ninety-one children in the home are sup
■ported by voluntary contributions.
Most 'leaves contain some nourishing
properties, in particular those of the aca°
cia tree. It would be quite possible to
subsist on leaves if the supply were not
stinted, and the shipwrecked mariner will
keep in very fair condition if ho chews
them as he would his quid of "baccy."
NEW TO-DAT.
Skin
Came Off
I had an obstinate skin disease, called Eczema.
My body, head, and arms were covered with
spots like drops of mortar, which came off in
layers of dry scales. I suffered (or over a year
. without relief, consulted several doctors with-
k . out aid, and had almost given up hope. I saw
i an advertisement about Clticcba Remedies;
..y-. took them, and in eight week* I was as well as
ever, for my skin is as nice and clear as a baby's.
• OEO. EEABUEN, Hanover, Ontario, Canada.
Sptedt Curb Treatjceht.— Warm bath*
with Cuticcba Soap, gentle applications of Cr/-
tiouha (ointment), the great kin Care, exter-
nally, and mild doses of Cuticcka BehOLVXNT,
greatest of humor cures. ■ .
Bold thronehout the world. Price, Cimcr«A. JSOe.i
Boap. 2Sci Kksolykst.'SOc. «nd SI. Pottss Dsca
, «T "How to Curt «#•••«,» mailtatwi.
BAROMETER AND
THE WEATHER
Ship Captains Say It Is
Not to Be Depended On
in California.
Remains Stationary While the
Winds Howl and the
Floods Descend.
Sad Acc.dnt On the Alden Bes3e
When She Was Off the Fort
of Hono'.ulu.
British ship captains assert that Califor
nia weather j«= a conundrum. When other
parts of the world in a similar latitude
and longitude are under snow and people
are wrapped up from the cold, here it is a
case of summer skies and genial weather.
A«ain. when the barometer registers 29.97
or 30, and everybody expects fine weather,
the storm signals are hung out, and, sure
enough, the gale comes along. Storms
have raged up and down the coast, and
vessels that stood the full brunt of the
storm have reached port much the worse
for wear. They all showed the effect of
the storm, and in many instances vessels
came in minus a full suit of sails.
What makes the captains curious, how
ever, is the fact that since they have com
pared notes one and all declare that in no
case did the barometer vary more than a
couple of points. While the wind howled
through the rigcing and the rain came
down in torrents the marriner's stand-by
stood firm at 29.97, and gave not the
slightest warning that danger was near.
Saturday last, when the danger signal
was flying from the pole over the Chief
Wharfinger's office, the captains along the
front would hardly believe that a south
easter was corning, because they had more
faith in the barometer than in the weather
prophet. They found out their mistake
before Sunday morning. Many of the
skippers had to get out of bed in the night
and put out extra breastlines in order to
keep their vessels from going adrift.
The steam schooner Excelsior got in
from Kariuk last night, having made the
round trip in twenty-three days. This is
one of the smartest round trips on record,
and in fact Captain Higgins asserts that it
is the smartest round trip. O^i the :>lst
inst. the steamer was in a violent south
east gale and had to be beaded out to sea
in order to escape going ashore. Captain
Higgins says ne never experienced such
heavy weather on the coast. The seas ran
mountains high and, to make matters
worse, the rain and spray were almost
blinding. The Excelsior was probably in
the gale that blew the San Benito ajhore.
The bark Aiden Besse. now on her way
to San Francisco, lost one of her crew on
the down trip. On October 25, when the
vessel was making Honolulu, a sailor
named Miller was working on the martin
gale and, losing his balance, fell into the
sea. A lady passenger gave the alarm
aud several of the sailors rushed forward
and threw a lifebuoy aud ropes to
their comrade. Jim as he was making for
the lifebuoy he disappeared. The suppo
sition is that a stiarn took him under.
Miller shipped in San Francisco, and his
proper name is believed to Have been Isaac
Isaccson.
Chief Wharfinger Root entertained a
party of friends at "The Abbey," bis Sau
salito residence, Saturday night and Sun
day. Nearly ail the cuests were or are
connected with the water front, and tnat
all had a most enjoyable time goes with
out saying.
PLAYS AND PLAYERS.
The Many Attractions That Are Offered
for This Evening at the Places
of Amusement.
"An American Citizen" Is to be brought out
at the Baldwin Theater thia evening, with Nat
C. Goodwin In the leading male part and with
Maxine Elliott as the heroine ot the play, which
the Australian papers say is one of the best
Mr. Uoodwin has appeared in.
La Loie Fuller will be the star attraction at
the California Theater this eveniug, when she
will present a number of those dances which
have made her famous the world over. In ad
dition there will be several specialties, one of
which will be Professor Graber's m andolin
clais.
"Humanity" will remain on the boards at
the Columbia Theater to-night and the bal
ance of the week. This piece Is full of spirited
pictures which have caught the fanoy of the
theater-goers, who a.so enjoy the novel and
pretty scenes presented.
"The Hearts of Oak" Is what is to be pro.
duced at the Morosco Opera-house to-night. It
has been produced here before and is a domes
tic drama in which there is pathos and com
edy. There are in it a number of grand stage
pictures, Including a realistic wreck scene.
"The End of the Century" that is to be of.
fered at the Alcazar Theater this evening ig
said to be not only a new piece, but an in
tensely interesting one, in which the .members
of the Alcazar company will have an' opportu
nity to appear at their best.
The Tivoll Opera-house management has con
cluded that "Donna Juaolta" should continue
on the boards for one week longer, consequently
it will be the opera for to-night. It is a charm
ing production, full ol life, and it has much
good music.
There is an announcement of new talent at
the Orpheum for this evening. Among the
number of artists to appear are mentioned
George Thatcher and Ed Marble, well known
and popular minstrels; Heffernan , the Irish
monologue artist, and the Hengler sisters.
Professor T. A. Kennedy, who can "put a
man to sleep" without a knockout blow, pro
poses to-night to have lor his subjects on
which to show the force of hypnotism a num
ber of young women, and he claims that as
they are very susceptible he will have no
trouble to mesmerize them.
Should the weather prove all that could be
desired this evening there will be, as usual, a
number of attractive performances at the
Haight-street grounds, but rain or moonlight
the skating rink will be open and those who
are fona of lolling will find amusement there.
THANKSGIVING- CARNIVAL.
Grand Fete by the Robin Hood Benev
olent Association.
The Robin Hoou Benevolent Association
will hold a carnival at Mechanics' Pavilion
on Thanksgiving Day. The great building
will be splendidly decorated, until it will
gleam like a veritable fairy palace.
Among the most charming features of
the programme will be the Hungarian
dance by a well-drilled and trained corps
of ladies; the Persian veil dance, spanningi ng
the entire Pavilion; the American flag
dance, a new and original variation upon
the skirt dance, and C. F. Graber's Man
dolin Concert Orchestra, consisting of forty
pieces. Probably the most notable and
striking feature of the programme will be
the champagne dance, with picturesque
effects and transformations. At the con
clusion of the programme the masquers
will take possession of the floor and jollity
and mirth will reign supreme.
The floor committee consists of Ferd.
Heucr, William Nelson, C. 8. Hoffman,
V. C. Post, G. A. Williams, James W.
Potter, D. M. Powell.
The committee of arrangements is as
follows; Studs W. Formftß, H. B. Arnold, j
THE SAN FRAJN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1596.
C. W. Nevin. 8. Goldstein, Herman Conn,
Frank Duna, Sam Dannenbaum, Leo
Heringhi, Julius Wolff, C. Samuels.
REGULAR ARMY POSTS.
Troopa on Duty at Ihli Station—Regi
mental Rivalry In Field Games.
Cavalry Morses.
Trie event in military circles last week
was the return of General Forsyth. He
is on duty again as department com
mander. Colonel Shatter has assumed
command at the Presidio. The bouse that
General Grauam so long occupied is being
renovated and will soon be the home of
Colonel Snafter.
The post at Alcatraz Island is garrisoned
by Batteries A and L, Third Artillery.
Captain James Cnester commands the
post. Second Lieutenant Thales I. Ames.
Battery A, is adjutant, recruiting officer
and signal officer. First Lieutenant Ben
jamin H. Randolph is in charge of the
prisoners. First Lieutenant David J.
Rum bough is with his battery, A. Cap
tain Frank W. Hesu commands L Battery.
Firsi Lieutenant Henry H. Dudlow is in
charge of the school. First Lieutenant
William Ct. Haan is quartermaster, com
missary in charge of the exchange and
ordnance and range officer. Captain Har
lan E. McVay is asbistant Burgeon, treas
urer and librarian.
The headquarters, field, staff and board
of Third Artillery and Batteries D, H and
L are at Angel JLslaniL Colonel Edmund
C. Baiubridae is in command. First
Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher is adju
tant and recruiting oilicer; First Lieuten
ant Charles G. Woodward is quartermas
ter, commis-ary and police officer ; Major
Benjamin F. Pope is surgeon and First
Lieutenant Paul F. Straub assistant sur
geon. John H. Mar.omber is post chap
lain. Captain Charles Humphreys com
mands Battery D. Captain James O'Hara
(range officer) Battery H and Captain
Henry C. Danes Battery I. Second Lieu
tenant Edward P. O'Hern is ordnance
officer and treasurer and Second Lieuten
ant Lloyd England signal officer. First
Lieutenant Charles W. Foster is on duty
with his battery, I.
Battery E, Third Artillery, garrisons
Fort Mason. Captain Sedgwick Pratt is
post commander, First Lieutenant George
W. Uobbs quartermaster and commissary
and Captain George M. Welia assistant
surgeon. Second Lieutenant Jumes Ham
ilton' is on duty with his battery, |K.
The field, staff and band of the First In
fantry are at the Presido. The post com
manaer is Colonel William R. Shaiter.
The garrison consists of Companies A, E,
F, G, I and X, First Infantry, and Light
Latteries C and F aud Batteries G and X,
Third Artillery, and Troops B, C, I and X.,
Fourth Cavalry.
The cavalry will return from a tour of
duty in the mountains early in December.
Tne post adjutant is First Lieutenant
Louis P. Brant. First Lieutenant Leon S.
Roudiez it quartermaster, commissary, c x
change and police officer. First Lieuten
ant John D. Miley, Fifth Artillery (at
tached), is ordnance and engineer officer.
The assistant quartermaster is Captain
Robert R. Stevens. Major Robert H.
White is surgeon. Captain Guy L. Edie
and Captain Euclid B. Frick ure assistant
surgeons.
Some rivalry in the field of athletic
sport exists between the First Infantry
and the Third Artillery. There will be a
field day at the Presidio on Friday, No
vember 27, and the games may be then
vigorously contested. In addition to the
regular games there will be a tug-of-war
and baseball match.
Twenty-eight cavalry horses recently
furnished by William Frazier, contractor,
were duly inspected by Colonel Young of
the Fourth Cavalry and accepted. The
Government paid $133 90 per head. The
horses came from bouthern Oregon.
Corporal Alonzo C. Richardson, Battery
X, Third Artillery, has been granted a
furlough.
FOE GOOD ROADS.
The Marin County Development Asso
ciation on the Right
Track.
At a meeting of the Marin County De
velopment Association held at Sausalito
Saturday evening tne following resolution
was adopted:
Resolved, That it is tne sense of this associa
tion tha: the particular objects which the asao
ciau'on should undertake are:
The improvement of the roads from Sausa
litoandliburon to ban Rafael, and the erea.
tion of a boulevard or alameda by raacadam
iring or proper grading. The proper sprink
ling of same. The planting of trees and culti
vation of irreenswardon the sides thereof. The
removal of obnoxious weeds, cockles and gar
bage. The erection of milestones and guide
posts. The proper drainage nl surface water
and sewage. The appointment of a compe
tent road supervisor as an officer of this asso
ciation to see that ronds are maintained in
proper condition and that work is done prop
erly, expeditiously and economically.
Ihe telling aside of an arbor day for the
plaining oi trees and flowers, especially along
highways. The inquiry by this association
Into the powers and duties of the county gov
ernment in the m atter of roads: to ascertain
the amount of money available for road pur
poses, how same has been expended and
wherein Improvements in the plan of expend
iture may be made, and how much can be ac
complished with the funds now available.
And the foregoing is respectfully referred to
the executive committee.
DINNER AND DISCUSSION.
The Unitarian Club Will Hold Its
Thanksgiving Banquet This
Evening.
The Unitarian Club will hold its Thanks
giving dinner this evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel at which the subject of "The
Campaign" will be discussed in twenty
minute addresses by the following named
gentlemen: Professor G. H. Howison,
Senator George C. Perkins, Congressman
James G. Maguire and the Hon. John P.
Irish. r
The following announcement by the
president and secretary of the club ex
plains the requirements for admission to
the dinner: "The reduction of does to the
gold standard will doubtless be appreci
ated by our members. The price of din
ners to members is now 75 cents, and for
guests $1 50 each. Dinner tickets can be
secured from our treasurer, Edwin Fret
well, American Ban and Trust Company
Mills building." "
» m ■»
THE PLUMED KNIGHTS.
Permanent Organization Effected—Let
ter From Major McKinley.
The Republican Plumed Knights at a
well-attendei meeting held last Friday
night effected a permanent organization
and elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Major C. L. Tilden; president, Mark
Lane; vice-president, George T. Phelps;
secretary, James S. McCabe; financial
secretary, James Gillies; treasurer, W. N.
bwasey; sergeant-at-arms, George E.
Souther; executive committee— George
W. Towusend. James A. Christie, Jonn E.
Klein, A. H. Kennedy and James N. Ross.
A personal communication from Major
McKinley expressing his gratitude to the
organization was read, and the t-ame was
ordered framed and hung in the head
quarters. It was also unanimously voted
to place the names of Major McKinley
and Hon. Garret A. Hobart, President
and Vice-President elect, on the roll ol
honorary members of the organization.
Memorial Service.
A service in memory of the late Rev. William
H. Hill was held in Trinity Church yesterday
and Bishop Nichols delivered the address.
The deceased was the oldest presbyter of the
diocese of California and an Odd Fellow of
nigh degree, lie wii noted for his benevo
lence.
Homeless Children.
The lady managers of the San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children, at 576 Harri
bou street, announce that they have seventy
little one* who are depending on the generosity
oi the charitable for a Thanksgiving dinner.
Eveay color of plain and crepe tissue for
lamp shades »n«i flowers ftt Stabora & YnU's.*
NEW PHASE OF
WOMEN'S RIGHTS
Mrs. Lichau and Mrs. Cra
mer Are Full- Fledged
Miners.
The California Miners' Associa
tion Grants Them Cer
tificates.
There Is Nothing in Its Constitution
to Exclude Ladies From
Membership.
To Mrs. Amelia Licbau and Mrs. Mattie
Cramer of this city belongs the unique
distinction of being the pioneer lady
members of the California Miners' Asso
ciation. They were duly enrolled by
Julian Sonntag, secretary of the associa
tion, last Friday evening, and exhibited
their respective certificates yesterday with
pardonable pride. The gratifying fact
that the constitution and by-laws of the
association do not exclude women from
membership— other things being equal —
furnishes yet another reason why that
organization is entitled to public recogni-
MRS. AMALIA LICHAU, the Pioneer Lady Member of the
California Miners* Association.
tion and cordial support. Mrs. Lichau
and Mrs. Cramer, as bona-tide miners who
are actively interested in several valuable
properties located in Calaveraa County,
will henceforth enjoy exactly the same
rights and privileges as the male
members of the association. Virtually,
therefore, a very considerable and influen
tial section of the community has accepted
the fundamental principles of woman's
suffrage.
Mrs. Lichau, who took the initiative in
this radical departure, is the wife of I'r.
Ernst Lichau of 423 Geary street. Dr.
Lichau, Mrs. Lichau, Mr*. Cramer and W.
G. Drown are joint owners of the claims
known as the Golden Star, the Bullseye
and the Amelia gravel claims, Angels
Camp, Calaveras County. From the doc
tor it was learned yesterday that these
claims are not far away f rum tbo famous
Utica mine, and that the ore is almost
identical in quality with that of the latter.
Recent assays gave $59 and $12 73 to the
ton. On the Golden Star the shaft is al
ready down 100 feet, and will be tapped by
a tunnel, 200 feet of which has already
been completed. Mr. Droxn, who is su
perintending the work, was formerly con
nected with the Utica and other compa
nies, and is in every respect an experi
enced miner.
Mrs. Lichau, who helped her husband
to supply the foregoing particulars, added :
"Both Mrs. Cramer and myself have re
cently returned from a trip to Mexico,
wiiicb, however, had nothing to do with
our mining interests. Soon after our ar
rival in Sau Francisco we again eet out
for Angels Camp, where we stayed about
a week and roughed it with the best—fre
quently taking a hand in the actual work
of development. My husband attended
almost every meeting of the Miners' Con
vention, which has just closed, and on
one occasion I was au interested witness
of its proceedings."
But the role ot spectator could not lone
satisfy one of Mrs. Lichau's energy and
determination. So it wan that last Friday
evening she waited on Secretary Sonntag
and asked to be admitted to membership.
"Mr. Sonntas," continued she, "certainly
seemed surprised, but after satisfying
himself that my claim was genuine, he
said that to his knowledge there was
nothing in the constitution of the associa
tion excluding women from its Tanks, and
expressed himself as only too giaJ to
grant both myself and friend a certificate.
"1 have always taken a deep interest in
mining and read all the literature avail
able on the subject. I lately discontinued
the Chronicle in favor of The Call, be
cause The Call's articles are so much
more exhaustive and sympathetic. Be
yond the mining news I read scarcely any
thing else in the papers. I am, of course,
an enthusiastic advocate of Cabinet rep
resentation."
Mrs. Licbau stated that several other
ladies of her acquaintance are sharehold
ers in mining properties, and in this con
nection she sincerely hoped that the press
recognition of her own and her friend's
example would stimulate them to follow
it. Mrs. Licbau is at present making
preparations for a protracted stay at
Angels Camp, whither her husband pro
ceeds to-day. "I feel," eaid she, "that my
real interests are concentrated in these
claims and lam tired of doiug nothing."
Physically, it may be added, Mrs. Lichau
is admirably qualified to pursue her am
bition. She is in the prime of life and the
picture of vigorous health.
Julian Sonntag was subsequently inter-"
viewed by a Call reporter and confirmed
the story as related by Mrs. Lichau.
'.'Those ladies, "said he, "are to the best of
my knowledge the pioneer lady certificated
miners of this State, thougn in other por
tions of the Union I have frequently en
countered experienced lady miners, more
particularly in Colorado. I met one in
1893 at the Windsor Hotel, Denver, who
actually operated a mine employing sev
enty-five men. She was well versed in
metallurgy and was an expert mineralo
gist. But Mrs. Lichau and Mrs. Cramer
are the first to whom I have issued certifi
cates."
President Neff, Mr. Sonntag stated, has
not yet made up bis committees. He is
devoiing more time to the work this year
them heretofore, bat will make bis aelec
tions public when he returns to San Fran
cisco a week hence.
"It is now certain," added Mr. Sonntag,
"that the association is no longer an ex
perimental project but a thoroughly es
tablished Jact, whose usefulness must be
continued. As far as the association is
concerned I would state that while Cali
fornia would very much like to have a
Cabinet office from this State all she de
sires is to insure the appointment of a man
practically familiar wnti the wants of the
miners of America. Pennsylvania is, of
course, the greatest producer of ore in the
Union, snd in view of the fart that she
has rolled up a majority of 300.000 for Mc-
Kinley I quite agree with Mr. Yale that in
all probability she will receive the ap
pointment should it be made. At the
same time California has suffered more
from inexperience and lack of knowledge of
local conditions than any otner State in
the Union. "
CAUGHLIN FAILED.
The Plucky Swimmer Might Have
Beaten Cavlll's Time Under Favor*
able Conditions.
After pluckily swimming to within 150
yards of tho fort. Jack Caugblin of the
Dolphin Swimming and Rowing Club had
to give up his attempt to equal Cavili's
feat in swimming from Lime Point to
Fort Point.
Had he been in condition he doubtless
would have succeeded in beating Caviil's
time, as he had but a thort distance to
swim when overcome with exhaustion.
He left Lime Point at 11:25, accom-
Danied by Captain W. O. Paten, Al Rouard
and Tom Keenan in a small|boat, and the
launches Ariel and Brisk filled witn his
clubtuates.
With a powerful side stroke he con
tinued his journey, heading in a straight
course toward the fort.
After swimming an hour and seventeen
minutes he up the attempt.
When taken aboard tho boat he waa in
an exhausted condition and for a time did
not know where he was. He was unable
to open hia hands for at least ten minutes,
the water having chilled them.
After the swim Caugnlin said he would
have succeeded had he rot had a choppy
sea to contend against. He said the water
was colder than he had ever experienced
and that the sun shining on the water
caused it to elure in his eyes during the
swim. He admitted not having made
any preparation for the swim, but said
the next time he attempted it he would
be in perfect condition.
Charlie Kin? of the Olympics, while
moving around in the small boat, fell
overboard, but escaped with a ducking.
SKILLED HORSEMANSHIP.
Formal Opening of the San Francisco
Riding Club Wednesday
Evening:
The San Francisco Riding Club will have
a tormal opening at 1615 Pacific avenue
next Wednesday evening, the exercises
beginning at 8 o'clock. The programme
will be as follows:
General musical ride by ladies and jrentle
men, members of the club and classes ; jeu ac
barre, by Messrs. Leon Bocqueraz, Comte de
Bauvlere and George Quarre; exhibition of
high school "caprice," ridden by Captain J.
Dilhau; wrestling on horseback. Dy members
of Troop A,N. G. C; broadsword contest on
horseback, Captain J. Dilhan Vi. Professor
Tronchet; fencing contest, Miss Mary Farqu
harson vs. Miss Bessie Fonda; tandem driving
by Henry J. Crocker and others; tandem driv
ing by Miss R. Hooper and Captain J. Dilhau;
hurdle jumping by ladies and gentlemen,
members of the club and cla^s b.
NEW TO-DAY.
;^P; : P^PI :
Who don't like a real bar-
gain now and then ?
Thursday's Thanksgiv-
ing. Here's a real Thanks-
giving bargain for you :
Big heavy oaken dining
chairs, leather seats, at $2. 90.
Arm chairs to match.
Think how they'd add to
the looks of your Thanks-
giving spread — 1 eat h e r
chairs!
Think of the many other
Thanksgivings they'd be
good for.
Samples have dark olive leather seats— but
that's a matter of taste. Tan, brown, ohve,
maroon — your cnoi c.
$2.90 — when we do make a
bargain it's a real bargain.
Want a catalogue ? Send
name and address, it's free.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street
THE PASSING
OF OLD MILLER
Death of the Octogenarian
Court Block Jan
itor.
For More Than Forty Years He
Filled That Humble
Position.
The Deceased Was Known and Re
spacted by Many Celebrated
Lawyers— His Life.
The death briefly announced yesterday
of John H. Miller, the octogenarian jan
itor of the Court block, has removed an
other interesting figure long familiar to
the older portion of tne legal fraternity.
He passed quietly away on Saturday last
at his own home in Selina place, his de
cease being directly attributable to sheer
old age.
For more than forty years "Old Man"
Miller filled the humble position of janitor
at the Court block — a three-story struc
ture which runs from Clay to Merchant
street, near the site of the old City HaJl.
In earlier days this building was occupied
almost exclusively by lawyers, though
now abandoned, with few exceptions, for
quarters more pretentious in character.
But the old Court block, even if it cannot
claim the merit of architectural magnifi
cence, bas seen several generations of oc
cupants, many of whom have achieved
distinction at the bar.
Among such were Judge S. C. Hastings,
James B. Haggin, now so celebrated on
the turf, Lloyd Tevis, "Rube" Lloyd, that
famous old District Attorney Harry
Byine, Judge T. W. Freelon, Judge A. B.
Ba'.es, J. B. Felton and Juri.^e J. B. Bald
win, whom all knew arid respected Miller.
O. T. SShuch, also a former occupant of
the Court block, has known Miller since
1851 and furnishes the followins outline of
his career: Miller was born in Barbadoes
and was the son oi a Scotch capiain, who
married a native of the West Indies. But
though a mulatto Miller was never a
slave. He emigrated to New York in
early life and while there entered the
service of a wealthy Carolina family,
whose plantation near Charleston he man
aged for many years. In 1851 or there
abouts he removed with his wife to San
Francisco, where he resided uninterrupt
edly until his death on Saturday. This
circumstance in itself would be sufficiently
remarkable, but the additional fact that
throughout that long period of years he
never held any other position ttian the
one in which he died is even more so.
Mr. Shuck left the Court block a few
years ago and temporarily lost sight ol the
old janitor. Passing the building onedav
last year he saw Miller coming out of the
door, his tall form somewhat bowed by
age but his step still active and his eye
bright. Mr. Shuck a:-ked him if it was
possible that he had been janitor all these
years, to which the old man replied, "Ye*,
sir; and long before you knew me." He
raised a family and accumulated a little
money and was apparently quite con
tented with his lot in life. The gold ex
citement of pioneer days never communi
cated itself to Miller and year in and year
out ne performed with strict fidelity his
humble duty and never sought lor any
other sphere of activity. It may be safely
NEW TO-L>AY— AMUSEMENTS. .
TRitOLAnatfLOOTTLOD* O" LuswAMrvuvutW--
YOU BELIEVE
MAY IT!
To Accommodate the Crowds Who
Want to See
JOSEPH GRISUKIL AID PHOE DAYIES
. IN — tJ;V,J
HUMANITY I
We Should -Run This Remarkable Melodrama
' • 'Another Fortnight, but To-night com-
mences THE I, A IST WEnK, to
Make Room for
THE NEW SOUTH!
For Which There Is a Great Demand.
Seats Are Now On Sale far Sext Week.
Thanksgiving Matinee on Thursday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs.Kkx£stikk Khkltj™. Proprietor <ak ilaoaj«
TO-NIGHT "
THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
"DONNA JUANITA!"
PRESENTED WITH
The Best All Round Comic Opera Com-
pany in This Country.
— —Mandolin and Guitar Octet.
HE AR,
"THE CHILDREN'S CHORUS"
Next Week "THK UTILE DUKE
Ponula- Prices ...25c ->■>-» "SO^.
O'Farrell st.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Belasco,' Jor Jan & La Faille. Lessees <& Managers
MONDAY EVE, Nov. 23— Initial Production of :
the Modern bociety Drama.
♦•THE END OF THE CENTURY
Special Matinee Thaukggiving Day.
Alcazir's Attractive Prices:
Night— lsc. 25c, 350.50 c. Matinees— 25(% 35e.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KENNEDY. .............. ....501e Proprietor
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
Another Startling Sensation!
- — -TO-NIGHT. NOVEMBER 23
Prince of Hypnotists.
' Will Introduce a Number of
HANDSOME LADY SUBJECTS !
Prices— loc, 15c, 25c, 60c. Mat. Sat. and Sun —
10c and 25c. I out Miss It. lots of Fan.
CHUTES °P« a D " t! y From Noon to M Id-
V*" I _.V 1 ■*-*'• night. Adults lOc.Children sc.
»SJ«?' I^l BALLOON ASCENSION
r I KKI, ■. I X i■. BY : . ■.•
SKATING IE I MARKEHURG-^-
KINK |E| Thanksgiving Day.
• — -SCHOOL.DAIS
Thursday. I riday and Saturday.
$10,0 JO DISPLATOF FIREWORKS
I THANKSQIVINQ NIQHT.
SUNDAY NIGHT-Realistic Exhibition
of Life-Saving from a Floating Wreck.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. W. to 11 P. M.
Concert .Every Afternoon and Evening.
Admission— Adults lOc, Children So.
School children admitted free Saturdays, 7 a. m.
to 6 r.u.
NEW TO-DAT.
Naked Pills
are fit only, for naked sav-
ages. Clothes are the marks
of civilization — in pills as well
as people. A good coat does
not make a good pill, any more
than good clothes make a good
man. But as sure as you'd
look on a clothesless man as a
mad one, you may look on a
coatless pill as a bad one.
After fifty years of test no
pills stand higher than
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
SUGAR COATED.
asserted that his case is without parallel,
here or elsewhere. Six months ago he
was compelled by illness to employ a sub
stitute for a brief interval. He then re
covered sufficiently to resume his work,
but had another relapse soon afterward
and died last Saturday, 86 years of age.
He will be buried from the Third Baptist
Cliurch this afternoon.
Chestnut Street Kenumbered.
Tho Superintendent of Streets has served
notices upon all residents along Chestnut
•treet, west of Telegraph Hill, ordering them
to change the numbers on their houses before
the end of the present month in conformance
with a new system making allowance for an
additional block of a hundred numbers near
the beginning of the street. The penalty for
not observing this order is arrest and liability
for misdemeanor. The addition of the re
cently graded hill block does not increase cacti
succeeding house number an even hundred,
for much of the old numbering has Dccii
changed in each block. For instance, a housa
that used to be 517 may now be 633, and so on.
_^ NEW TO-aAT. 1
Schilling's Best is a sta-
ple tea— five sorts. : These
sorts are alike from month
to month and from year
to ■ year. Why ? Fresh-
roasted.
If you don't like it, your
grocer returns your money
in full.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . . 460
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUaymax & Co. (Incorporated) . .... Proprietor!
■ 6 NIGHTS AND 3IATJNEES
Thanksgiving ( Thursday) and Saturday
The Eminent Comedian.
MR. N. C. GOODWIN,
And His Splendid Company, Presenting
For the First live lights and at tne Matinees,
The New Comedy.
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN
By Madeline Luceite Kyley.
Saturday Night Only Time
"fHt, RIVALS.'
Mr. Goodwin as Bob Acres (first time in America).
MONDAY NEXT, NOV. 30,
MR. WILTON LACKAYE,
Supported by a Strong Company, including
MISS MARIE WAiNvVRIGHT
1 In the ■ ri»at Hypnotic Drama ■ . • ■ .
! "DR. BIESJjG-XIA^IV'
a. ATS ItKA«*Y iH< >I>AV.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
AlHayjcan& Co. (Incorporated)..... Proprietors
TO-NIGHT (Monday), Tuesday and Wednesday
Evenings and Matinee Wednesday,
Only Appearances Here prior to Her Departure for
the Orient,
IjA LOIEI
IfTJUjUHiR,. *
Who will appear in all her Wonderful Dances,
with Light Effects, which created such a furor
in all the capitals of Europe and America.
Management WM. A. BRADY.;
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
WALTER MOROSCO... soIe Lessee and Manager
ELABORATE REVIVAL OF
"HEARTS OF OAK!"
A Domestic Drama, Full of Pathos and
Comedy by JAMES a. HEBKE.
A Splendid Cast! Realistic Wreck Scene!
Grand Stage Pictures!
Special Thanksgiving-Day Matinee!
Evening Prices— lOc. 250 and 53a.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
"Week Commencing: Monday, Nov. 23,
A JOYOUS THANKSGIVING BILL,!
The Bright Particular Star-,
GEOKUE IHA.TCHKK JfcKO. MARBLE.
The Far-Fam d Minstrel* and Comedians.
EDWAKD Uh.FFKi.NAN, the Urver Irish Mom
Ologulst. THK HE: GLKK KISTEKS.,
In New Songs and Chic Dances.
And a Great Vaudeville Company.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day.
Reserved seats. ~bc, .balcony, lOc; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 60c. • . ; 7--\
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
O-A.lE*.:iNri\7\AJLi
And Bal Masque.
Thanksgiving Eve, Wed., Nov. 25.
•450 Piano Door Prize.
8500 in Prizes for Masquers.
Elaborate Prelude, 15 acts, at 8 o'clock.
; 24 Champagne Dancing Girls, ) In New ana
I 12 Persian Veil Dancing Girls, >• Original
8 Hunearian Dancing Girls, ) Costumes.
. Little Grade in the Fascination Dance.
Carieton Sis era. French .>ov.ity Dancers.
Harry Steele, Globe Trotter, Original Sic a in « Act.
Mile. Anna s-hean in Character Costume Dance.
Prof. C. F. Graeber's Mandolin Troupe, 40 People.
J. A. Ordway, Trick Bicyclist,
And other Original Features, tee programme.
Imposing ran • March With Calcium -
litre c sat 9:30.
■ ADMIS-lON ONE DOLLAR.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
RAH! RAH! RAH! . STAFFORD!
THANKSGIVING NIGHT.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26TH.
GRAND ESIEBTAINMEXT BY
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
A perfect whirlwind -of novelties. An original
burlesque, serpentine dances, grand ballet, orig-
inal clog dances, novel specialties, the Glee Club,
the Mandolin Club. Sea on sale at the box office.
- «sc, sOc, 7 sc, SI.OO.
RACKG Mgg^K- RACKG
CALIFORNIA JOCKKY CLUB—
WIN TER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, -November 16,
.. OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, •
'xhursday, Friday and Saturday.
■ ■. Hainor shine. ■ ■
FIVE OB MOKE RACE 6 EACH DA.V. .
Races Start at 2:15 P. 11. Sharp—
- ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 v. and
12:80, 1.00, 1:30 and 2:00 p. v.. connecting with
trains stopping in the entrance to track.
Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley. - '■
Reiurnlng-Tralni leave the Traclc at 4:15 and
4:45 v M. and immediately after the las: race. X '
t, THOMAS. 11. WILLIAMS JK, treaiaenfc '
R. B. MILIIOY, secretary.
78
Fraternal Bonds
Order Eastern Star.
The worthy grand matron, Mrs. Ella T. Hall,
came to this City last Saturday to remain sev
eral days.
Past Grand Treasurer Mrs, Isabella Hubbard
has been confined to her home by illness for
several days.
Ivy Chapter will install its officers on De
cember 1, Golden Gate Chapter, on the 3d of
December and Harmony Chapter on the 4th.
Oak leaf Chapter will install its officers on
the second Thursday in December and Unity
Chapter will install its officers this evening.
Mlver Hate Chanter has elected Elizabeth J.
Durner, W. M.: Allan P. Sanborn, W. P.; Annie
Marie Durner, S.
}'a m Leaf Chapter has elected Adah Belle
McKarland, W. >!.: G. G. Murray, W. P.; Louise
.belie S ott, A. M. ; Minta Frances Eckels. S.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Grand Secretary Shaw, who with Urand Master
Warboys visited lodges in the North recently, re
turned on Saturday.
The entertainment by the Ridgelev Literary and
Social Cluo was, despite he unpleasant weather,
well attended. In addition to a fine programme
there was -in address of welcome to the drill
corps of C.iuion Sun Francisco by W. H. Barnes,
G. &, in the absence of G. H. Morrison, P. G. M..
nd an exhibition drill by the corps, tbe winner of
the trophy at Santa Cruz Grand High* Priest
Erlewine of Sacramento delivered a short address
complimenting the corps on the perfecmess of the
drill.
The next entertainment by the Ridpeley Club
will be on the 17th of December, in aid of the
Christmas cheer. ■ ;■-■■:
Unity Lodge bad a glorious entertainment last
Tuesday, and the attendance was very law, W.
W. BBrnes presi led and Introduced \V. li. Barnes,
P. G. M.. who delivered an address in Ilia happy
vein for which he Is noted. A splendid programme
was presented, and then dancing and icecream fol
lowed
Two Rebekah lodges will soon be Instituted, one
at San Jacimo and the other at Angels, Cala
veras County.
The Veteran i have completed arrangements for
the visit to Pr.stdio Lodge on ecemb->r 3. - .
Mrs. Marian Greenwood, president of the Rebe
kahs, is provm herself tin indefatigable worker,
and before the end of her term will break the rec .
ord for visiting.
sh r.dan Lodge will dedicate a new hall about
tbe middle of next , mou h t-atita Barbara l.n
cauipment Is to move Into new quarters In that
city.
<<. W. Arney, who fraudulently represented
himself as a memb r of Kislno LXidge of .his --taia
and was asslsteu by members of the order, was re
cently arrested in Ohio and sent to jail for twenty
five days. J-.'"
' Ancient Order United Workmen. ■
Up to last Friday the grand medical examiner
had received 225 applications this month.
To-night Pacific drill team will confer both de
crees in amplified form in California Lodge, Oak
land. .
The workman degree was conferred last Mon
day on live cand dates in Temple Lodge, North
Temescal, with the assistance of the Pacific dril/
team, Frai.k =>. Po and, . . >J. M. \V., delivering
the ritualls.ic and secret work in thai perfect
manner that has always characteilzed his wok.
Past Grand Muster Workman Kocers Ie tured
last Mo.iaay nisht before Central Lodge. (m«i. nd.
on "The Kconomics ot the mtiiioii on the Mourn."
Grand Master Workman Vinter is still visiting
lodges in th- southern part if ihe state. Wi en
he visi.el El Mou;e Lodge in Los Angrles twenty
five candidates were Initiated through the efforts
of Deputy Imps He will visit as follows: No
vember 23, Downey City: _'4. Pomona: 25 a:id_26.
Los Angeles; 27. Pasadena; 28, san Fernando,
and 3D. Ontario.
- i hlco Lodge reports many initiations.
Klamatb Lodge recently gave a line entertain
ment at an open meeting
- Grind Kecelv r Sam Booth will address an open
mcc ing of Benic a Lodge to-morrow.
Xl Monte Lodge of Hi .Monte bus twelve candi
dates ready to be initiate! a' an early day. '
Degree of Honor.
. The grand chief of honor visited Ivy Lodge last
Monday when a candidate was initiated by the
drill team In accordance with the Nebraska tac
tics under the 1 eadership of Mrs. Kate M Poland.
Then followed a v-ry flue literary and musical
programme aud addresses by the officers Jf the
Grand Lodge and Grand Recorder Hlrshberg of
,he A. O. O. W. ■ '
Last Thursday f-1 ver Spray was visited by the
grand chief of honor, ihe officers in a creditable
manner exemp.ified the Initiatory work. Mrs.
Master nave an account ot act v:-it to the sev
eral lodps and urged all to take more interest In
the beneficiary tr.aich of the oner. A banquet
followed the meeting. , V.O'
The grand chief of honor, will visit Lemoore on
the '-3d and uanfora on the 24th.
The Native Sons of the Golden West.
Ri neon Parlor will celebrate its eleventh anni
versary by a ; dance In Native Sons' Hall next
Wednesday.
There will be an entertainment and dance In
aid of the board of relief in Native Sons' Hall on
December 4.
H nry Hern has been elected delegate to ths
Hall Association, vice Michael seligson, deceased.
Grand Lecturer Conley, of Madera will spend
Thanksgiving in this City with relatives.
Those who mteud to Jim the new city parlor,
that will probably be ral'ed Bonlta, will hold a
meetln • In N» ive ■ on ' Hail to-iigtat.
Grand Vice-President Ciark will visit Las Posi
las 1 arlor 10-nicht and Brooklyn Parlor to-mor
row, lie will be ace mpanied by Deputies
Haynes, Knowland and C. K. Montgomery.
, Kdward J. Moigan o( Hydraulic Parlor was la
the City last week with his bride spending the
honeymoon.
Invii able Parlor of Anaheim was reorganized
la<t M n lav.
dwood Parlor and Alameda Parlor will ea?h
give a masquerade Dull next Thursday evening.
l;.-,k,-ii Parlor, Susauville, will give a party the
same nlitht. »
' Com ore Bloat Parlor of Blue Lake, Hum
bold i County, which has been steadily increasing
BliC3 its institution recently, will give a grand
ball next 1 hursuay.
Xl Dorado • i arlor Is already making arrange
ments for its anniversary ball on the 19th of next
•re.-.iua-v in Native sons' fall.
The grand secreta y, accompanied by Dr. O. N.
Van Orden, will visit Lower Lane Parlor, in Lower
Lake, on the 2ht .. lust.
James D. Phelan presided lat a meeting of the
hall association last nee ar.d a number of im
provements su? <sted by - uperlutendent Mart
land were ref rred to cum minxes.
Among the vUi.ort to Grand Secretary Lun
stedt's office during the week were: Past Presi
dent F. iV. Thompson of Sant < Cruz No. 90:
President J.: M. Bugoee of Golden Star t>. 88,
I-lumboldt County; Grand inside ■-entluel Jus -nil
D. Norri»of Centerville. D.'D. G. P. J. M. Mitchell
Of Humbo.dt County, F. W. Kugeler or Me.ilo
Park, Paul Cou ten seer tary of >anta l!osa No.
28; Toland Hart of Kan Jose, Kay iivman of
Tracy No. 186; O. N. Wegnerof Las Posiia*, No.
96:. A. D.tlion Jr. of Martinez and Warren is. (Jor
ion of Amador City.'
- . The ; Native Daughters.
A new par was instituted last Saturday night
by Mrs. M. Glllpatrick at Pinole, with tuirty-one
chatter members. \ •
Yos^ml e-t arlor will give an entertainment in
MAnnerbund Hall on the 18th of December. A
badge will be presented to the member of this
, . / FINANCIAL. r
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOfiK STOCKS.
NVnbfcLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954. .
__„  ' CKNTBA I, OFFICK - - '": '. '
623 Market su, Palace Hotel. Tel Main 5828.
Uptown ufflce—BaU win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel Main 339. . .
. PtBDY St, ATKINSON Managers. '
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo.
lations. Reference Ist National Bank %s£_.
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO HAKIETS.- JEW YORK STOCKS-
Fast Wire X ist. Unequalxtl Service. '
■ .. ' STKICTLY COMMISSION.
Private Bnnlc reference, qi oti-d on application
Office, 328 Montgomery St.oi.fe li.- it Bid
'lei. I rU. I'iaitt. i."»ilu* lor .Ladie*
parlor who has brought in the greatest number of •
candidates.
Dr. M. P. < ampbell of Yosemlte Par' or has
oeen elected a membe ■ of the board of relief.
The committee of arrangements of that go-ahead
parlor. Go den Stat.% is hard at worse arranging for
its i liristma. fe-Uv*:. to be given In b nque hull.
Native sons' bail ing. on the 18. li of December.
There wi I be a b.ani h of nils letoe huneinthe
hall and It wi.l c.irry with It all the encban ing
prlvile of th- o d-ilme festivals in England.
.' he so ial .lveu ny > t > i mo Parlor Iks "1 hurs
day was a most enjoyable one. Thuie were many
present and there uas not one who att'-mlcd who
did not rejrret thai '-Home. S^ve-t Home" was
played by the chest so soon. The success of
the affair was due to the able management of the
committ c of arraneementi.
Pie .muni Parlor reports continued progress, and
expects to soon have a men ber*hip large enough
to enable it to have .hree .1 legates.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
Forest Gr^ve Council, recently instituted, ini
tiate., fourteen candidates on the 15th inst. and
ten more on the 19' b.
Unity Council of Virginia City Initiated ten can
didates last Thursday.
There are eight orga-iizers in the field and each
promises a new council before the close of the
year. ' '-\..',\'.'f?S63S
Friendship Council of Sacramento will initiate
two candidates a: its next meeilug. ' -; •
Eveline. Council, r cen.ly organized in Chlco, at
Its last held mieilng 1:>I la.cd six candidates.
New officers for the initiatory team Will be
elected on tne 28th lnst.
There was a tine ■ ii ertalnment in the hall of
Evans Council last Thursday night. .
Los Angeles Count li received nine petitions at
Its i. e"tii>i; las Thursday night, and there are five
more in -In.
Grand Councilor Boehm and the grand recorder
paid a visit to Oak Leaf Council,* In Oakland, last
Saturday.
Knights of Pytliia*.
Last Monday a handsome. American flag was
presented to the four lodge* in .Sacramento to
adorn the nail in which they meet.
Grand Chancellor McGlashan paid a visit lest <
Wednesday 10 Syracuse Lodge, and at the close of
business there was a smoker, at which addresses
were delivered by the visiting officers. Grand
Keeper of Records and Seals H. Schuffner and
others. C. M. Iroppm an, P. C, presided.
The grand chancellor will visit Amazon Loage,
East Oakland, to-night, Roma Lodge of ibis City
to-morrow night, and will go to Palo Alto on
Wednesday to oigantze a lodge.
S'uisun division admitted seven members at its
last lie.d meeting.
The First Regiment of the Uniform Rank will
entertain its fri -mli la the near iv ire.
I'o'ia. nil, company wilt be Instituted by H.
Scnuff ier on the 12:h of Dece.mb>-r. an i Grasi
Valiey Company »11. be instituted on the 14th by
J'.rit"J.ilifi" Mi'Glaihan.
H. C Kiuney is actively engaged in organizing a
section or the i-tiduu mem Rank at Duu-n Fiat.
Th. quarterly report of the Enlowment Rank,
cateil October 1. shows that ninety-nine sectioi.s
have been added to the roll since the tint of last
July. The new applicants and those who applied
for readnusaiou and passed tb>- examina:ion were
-146. The certificaies issued to those nggreuaie
an insurance of $401,000. ihe endowment!
lima at thli lime amounts to $44 0 00. I he death |
losses paid dating the quar.er amounted to
if -.0 J69, a:id the total since the org.in.zation,
* 0 6u:i.ai7. on the date named tbe membership
whs 45,950, a:i i the a.uount ot endowment $89,
-587,0U0 During the quarter two beetles were
oiL'a.'iized in Caiifur..! one In Davisvllle and the.
Other in >an Km.;. . . - ■ '..?■ \; v .
The Druids.
Santa X sa Grove was vis ted br J. A. Devoto,
N. G. A.; J. J. Mollison. G. s. , and other grand
officers. They were received by a large member
ship and' witnessed three initiations and the In
stallation of the officers. This grove has been
ing remarkably well. At a banquet wnl.h fol
io .ved and over which O. G. Uo.g, P. N. G. A.,
pr<-Midec, tie vUi.ord made interesting allusions to
the order and its progress.
Last Monday 'It ruplar Grove conferred the ser
on. i degree on two candidates, and ou Tuisd^y
Hesperian initialed two candidates. . • -
Tne officers of Washington Grove, Eureka, were
Instated la.it Tuesday, and those •of Templar
Grove ot this City were installed last Friday.
G. Bertram, P. A., and tor .six years secretary of
.Nornia drove. w»s uuuqueted last week on the
eve of departure for Modesto, where he will en
gage In business.
On i uesday GaMleo Grove installed G. B. Cor
dano, P. a.: L. Carianl, N. A.; E. Cevasco, V. A.;
C. A. Migls-.ra, R. 8.: and P. J. Molinarl, F. &
During the week Hesperian and Golden Star
groves Installed .heir officers. '••; •<
Tue officers of Sietl Grove were Installed by
Deputy Wobber last We Jnesday.
Knights and Ladle* of Honor.
In this order lodge meetings, like everything
else since the election, are improving, and there
are as a result very interesting sessions.
Grand Protector Lander has announced that he
will endeavor to be present at the oj en public
meetings '•<■> be held during the winter months.
Martha Lodge held an enthusiastic meeting
Fnduy. This lodge has a greater percentage of
a. tendance of members than any other in tbe
jurisdiction.
Yerba Buena Lodge gave its November hop In
Y. -M. I. hall last Wednesday and it was a very en
joyable hffafr.
! Aurora Lodge announces a "10-cent social" for
December 1 in Its ball. Mrs, Wheelock of this
lodge < xpects to in one of the watches offered as
a i rize fur the one bringing in the greatest num
: ber of candidates. .->•■.■• w
Foresters or America. .
Officers of subordinate _ courts* will be elected at
the first regular meeting in December.
.Grand Secretary Bremer has received the first
consignment of the new bronze regalia for the
members of lh< courts and tt.o»e courts having
orders on fie will be supplied during the week.
Grand Chiet Hanger Vellaice, in company with
Deputy Healing, '• visi.ed Court Italia in San Jose
Monday, and on Friday lieputy Healing visited
Court College Teirace in Maytie d
■ K. Ho den. G."*. 8., has visited tbe courts in
Banta C.ara County and reports them in good
order.
Albert Dustan of Court Pride of Grass Valley.
H. R. ilium of lojrt Star of Woodland ami Lee
McKlnstry f Cour . Vacavilie visited the office of
the grand secretary last week. '
Court Defiance will give a smoker December 10.
Companions of the Forest.
Mother Lode Circle, with thirty-nine charter
members, was instituted in Jamestown, Tuolnmne
County, by Mr*. A. M. Duke. G. C. C.las; Wednes
day. | She was assisted by Mrs. E. Harring.on, G.
S. C. C, and members o f Sonera Circle. - The prin
cipal officer* of the new circle are: A. P. ~herer
J. P. C; Miss O. B..t:erlield, .. C. iUaa ....
White. S. C. C.: Miis'M. IJutterfleld, financial
secretary; a. rs. Maggie O'Donneli, recording sec
retary. , .
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
The members of the local councils will attend
divine service in the First Christian Church on
Sunday, the 29:U inst.
United. Stales Grand Council - will cive an
entertainment next Thursday in shk-ls' buildlnsr.
John A. Logan Council will give its first anni
versary party on December 4. .
There will h - a union meeting under the auspices
Of C'UHter Council tun veiling.
Weather permlltlii*, the siate councilor will
visit ! imhurst Council thU evening.
Independent Foresters.
• Since the • adjournment #of the High-Court of
California in sian Jrs-i recently muci activity I
has been noticed In the order throughout the j
Blate.
ihe latest report from the supreme secretary
shows a membership of 98.452 an a a surplus fund
on the Ist of ■ .ctober of $1 891.101.
Court Diana or tnis i liy has been doing very
well of late, increasing its membership.
Young Men* Institute.
Rev. M. D. Mattery presided at an open meeting
held in Napa last Sunday.
The majority of the local councils have paid a
small tax eacn to maintain the employment bu
reau. .
The district meeting under the auspices of Phil
Sheridan Ci until has been postponed until the
loth of December.
At the mccii. g of the grand directors and dele
gates from the various cou ells the subject of the
next ce,.brailon of. *oung. Men's Institute day
was «ll cussed, mil while no actioa was taken it
was the expressed opinion that there should De a
meeting l! the af.ernoun and an entertainment in
the 30?£ hut. c utJXI meeting wUi be held on
the oUih inst.
Young Ladles' Instltnte.
Arrangements have been concluded for' the
meeting of all the city branches in the hall, corner
Tenth and : . arket, after the Is: of December. :
The order, has lost a valuable member by the
death of Firs Vice-President Elizt Ma er of
Branch .\o. 44, which occurs d in Livermore last
Branch No. 16 rave <an enjoyable nartv in
Franklin Hall last week. '*»«"• ™ 7 . in
Knights of Honor.
t Hoar Star Lodge has under discussion Important
proposed ch:inge-t in Us by-laws.
-During a visit last Tuesday night to Norman
Lodge by the grand reporter the matter under
flis.uaslon was the new classified plan of astte^s
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1896.
me its. ; The members are pleased with the
change.
Deputy Scott Elder presided last Wedeanav at a
meeting of Ea^le Lodge, woen sick ben« tt.« were
ah lislu-d and entrance fi' s or new members and
monthly due* were redrced. -
Keystone Lodge, which during the term has
initiated more new member than any o her lodKe
in the jurisdiction, was visited Thursday by
X. . F. Joy, ,P. G. D.; (Jraud lieporter Johnstoiie
aud Deputy Scott Kid -r. .
Hereafter Ivy Lodg • will present a flue pro
gramme at iv. ry meeting and the musical part
win be under the dirt ct. on of Professor Waller a;
Pierce. "*» ■ -
Ibe Past Dictator's Association will pay a visit
to Eagle Lodge, Wednesday, December 9.
' Cap ;n H. D. Co. gdon, a member- of Union
Lodge, died in Cairo, h ypt. Last Wednesday a
drati »or jvi.Otiu was forwarded by secretary John
ston.- to his widow, who la now a. resident of Lon
don, Kng. --?;'■■
Grand . ie ator Archibald, who with R. H. No
ble of erb^ Buena Loug-. 1 . recently visited the
lodge in liO» Angeles, writes that the lodges in the
svMithe.n p<rtof ;he ft ate are doing well and in
creasing tue membership. .
Companion* of the Forest.
Mrs. -uiali Bevenaon, G. C C, Companions of
the Forest branch of .i. o. F. Friendly Society,
will, in company with Grand Secretary Mrs.
Florence iiurrow, visit Bon ita Circle at Sausulito
10-iuorrow.
The brand secretary pal a an official visit to
Pride of O»kUni Circe last Thursd y.
Oak Urat Circle will have an entertaining meet
ing next F.id.ty
lucre were iots of tan at the party given by
Loya. i ir le last Saturday Bi^hl and th- re was a
large attendance.
The Order i.n.- B'rlth.
The opt n meeting of the Adler Auxiliary last
Tuesday evening wasat.enaed by a lar.e number
of people. Upuu that occas<ou two American fiavs
were donated to the youths by J. L. Franklin,
president of the B. B. Hall Association.
Ou Ihursday last Grand President Edward L
Wolfe btartfd on a tour of visitations. He will
go to Portland, wh re ne will vl»lt Oregon, North
Pacific aud Portland lodges, ufier which he will
visi. the lodges in Seattle, Spokane, salt Lake,
Los Ange>es, San Dueo, San Bernardino, MerceJ.
sacramen.o, Marysviile, Oakland, Reno, l ai son,
Virgiuia City, and Garizam J o.ge in Nevada
City.
California Lodge wl.l give a grand entertainment
In the near future.
D P.ato of I'acifli Lodge died fc-eptembtr 21 and
his beneficiaries wen- paid November 17. 'Ihe
following day me bc-ueticiaries of M. Rosenberg;,
who d.eu October Uu, were paid.
Progresttive Kndowraent Guild.
At an enthusiastic m>etlng of siu Francisco
Chapter las^ Wedne^day to St. George's Hall three
candidates ueic initiated ana several applica
tions were received, to be passed upon at the meet
ing of Dei ember i.
Since the election renewed activity has been
noticed in this inter.
The h s. s-nje .t for the current month will be
delinquent on the .ast dxy of the month.
At tne next meeting oi San Francis<o Chapter
< nominations tur • tncers will be in order. The
preseti. ofliuera nave served the chapter well and
in the past six mo. ths have been the membership
increase 50 per cent.
The National Union.
Asse»sment<i 193 and 194 have been levied and
they will be delinquent December 10.
>an Francisco Cubinet will hold a meeting De
cember 1 in Alcazar build. ng.
California > ouncii elected fonr candidates last
Wednesday and win hold Us annual meeting De
cember 1.
Sons of St. George.
Pickwick Lodge held an interesting meeting
in at. George's Hall recently with Presi
dent William -Nornngton in the chair. Several
new members were Initiated, among the number
Robert H. .Nauntonand Frertericic Curtiss.
Last Monday several applications were received
and one candidate was initiated. At the close of
the regu.ar business .here were addres es by H.
H. Bygrave, H. h. Curies, J. H. Hlnchcllff, F.
> urtlss and A. Gray, recitations by l. ... usgravv
; and F. t>. Brandon, rending by H. Williamson and
| songs by a. ». I lanchflo»er, H. K. Cries and
j otbt-rs. The club will give a grand entertainment,
I social and dance on (he 16 h of December.
Daughters of St George.
The '-Old Engimh Tea Party" given last Tues
day night b> ttl annia Lodge was a great success
socially and financially. The hall had been iaete
fully decorated and tea an 1 eatables, delicate and
choice, wertf served on six long tables by the
ladies of the club. Tkt par:y wan for the benefit
of he Mutual Benefl. Fund. The success of the
affair Is due to the enemy of the fol. owing nam> d,
who composed the o>uim i cc oi arrangements:
Jirs J. staples, W. P.; Meslames .S. Allclnsou.
■VV. Witt. Mrs. -Moobiiriih. M ». G. Muhlner, Mrs.
Davis, Mrs. H. W.liituns, Mrs. I'- Meadows, all
past pn •* <1. uls: Miss A. Witts, V. P.; Mrs. R.
newitt, - ■1ia,.1..in: Mrs. K. J. \\iutams, Inside
Kiianl- Miss K. Meadows, first conductor; Airs.
Wasserman, second couduiior; and Mrs. Coe<ier,
outside guard. The club numbers 85 members,
and gives an entertainment monthly for some
charitab.e purpose.
Knight* of the Golden Eagle.
California Castle conferred the first degree on
candidates Wednesday, November 11, and con
fered the second last Wednesday.
A delegation from California Castle visited
Gplden Gate Castle, In Alcazar building, Monday
evening.
A number of the grand officers were in San Jose
last sunuay week, anJ ori:an zed a ciub that will
hnv.- for Its pur.'oi-.e toe instituting of a Dew castle
early next mo:ilb.
The lhanKsgiving turkey drawing and social by
Golden «.at> i on Saturday nignt was a very
enjoyable atfair.
Ladles of the Golden Eagle.
Alpha Temple having changed from a beneficial
toaioclal organiratlou.it proposes to furnish en
tertainment for the members at each session and
give public socials as of en ua Is deeirnd advisable.
The first of the socials for memoers only was
given last Friday evening.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Next Wednesday Great Chief of Records C. F.
Burgman will ec ur« on the h story of the order
at an ope > moetlig, to be held in Hamil on Hall
A r.ew tribe will be Instituted in that ball on De^
cember 5.
A modern elevator is being placed in the Red
Men's iikll on Post htreet.
A new tribe Ah- Wan- Nee, was organlied at
Twenty-th^rd avenue, near Frnitvale. by Past
Sachem C. A. . aloue, and It was instituted layt
Saturday by the grand officers and a team from
MoJoc I ribe.
A tribe will be instituted in tho Richmond DU
tr.c with about 100 cbar.er members early in
December. •
Montezuma Tribe adopted five paleface* on last
Tuesday, and White Eagle Tribe three the same
night.
The printed proceedings of tht Great Council
of the United Mates have been received here by
the great chief of reco ds
The Klks.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 6 of the Protective Be
nevolent Order of Elks continues to exist as a
rorporatiou uuder the laws of California. At a
meeting hpld on the BJ th of October by unanimous
ac.ion all the offices w<re declared vacant und. r a
provision of the by-lausand v new set of ofneers
were < bosen to fill the unexplred ter ,as follows:
Harry Newhoff, exalted ruler; T. S.. flair Jones.
es:e-ined leading kuight: Edward Noonun
esteemed ioy.-il knight: Thomns Alexander es^
teemed lecmrl g ktiipht: Benjamin lsenburi
secretary; J. O. Hurr.s. ireasun-r; A. A. Terry'
tyier; A. Larsen, e*q-ire: Thonjus Urte. chai>^
lain: John H. Harney, t r^d Kothman and Milton
M. Davis, trustees. The lodge iuteuda to continue
Its meetings a» a corporation under the State laws
while under suspension.
Independent tons of Benjamin.
The Independen" Order Sons of Benjamin is
making rapid piogress in establishing new lodges
in this City. Two charters for new lodges re
cently organized hay« been received from the
United elates t.ranil Lodge in Nen- Yorx and will
lie instltu.eU by the D. D. G. M. Louis Krause.
The lod?> s will be named Jfaii Francisco No. 173
and Min»rva No. 26. Both lodges start out with
a membf"«hip of over kevenly-ti've on -lie roll
Kan Francisco Louge >o. 173 has i ecu organ
ized ' y ex-President J. Go:dstoln. Minerva 1 odge
NO. i 6 wll be the first ladies' lodge of the order
on this coast, and BO cioub mark a ew era In the
Jewish woman's liaternal world, --till aim her
li d.-c is in c.jurseof lorm*. ion with » membership
oi for;y-nve. and before the date Of institution it
hop** to excet-d any of the iodgei i i i oint of mem
bership. .Not eni.-u-ii praise , it.i Iwtiv.-n lo li D.
it. M. L. Krause anJ UrotUi-rs J. Label, L. t:. Levy,
H. L. springer and J Gans<er for the anifnco
thei- have rendered In organizing and expediting
the intiuution of the new lodge*. The pioucer
lodges, Calif rnia No. 118 aid Pacific No. 1i34,
are initiating new members hi every meeting.
Knight* of the Maccabees.
There was a large and enthusiastic meeting of
Mission I eiu Tuesday evening. During tbe
evening four candidates were initialed, aud the
prospects are that many more will soo.t join.
Woodmen of the World.
Assessmetit No. 77. levied on the Ist Inst and
delinquent .December 5, is the ninth In eleven
mon ilis.
On lufi Thursday the amplified u>gre« was
CJuftrredon six candidates lor Kednood (amp
by .but banner team, tue Degree Team of Oak
land Camp, under the abie leadership of JietJ
llausger 6. 8 Boak.
The Good Templar*.
International Lodge threw open tbe duo s of its
new lori.eiuom in the new hall of the Y. M. C. A.
November 9. In honor of Its ' wentv-Hghlh anni
versary. Ther ■ was a lur.-e ate dunce. incluJing
many visitors from aistt r lodgi s, and they were
i n enaintii with ■ varied programme.
Argentina mean" to izei ahead of the
European powers in taking possession of
the South Shetland Island*, on the etl.-e
of tbfc Antarciic continent. An expedi
tion will be sent out [01 t tie purpos • in
December. Tlie islands may i-ossibiy be
of some use as a sealing aud whaling
station.
MADE A STORE
INTO A TEMPLE
Dedicatory Exercises of the
Christian Endeavor
Fane.
A New Branch of Work Under
taken by an Eager and
Industrious Band.
R v W. B. Berry to Be the Pastor
Ladies Who Hay. Started a
Practical Mission.
The Christian Endeavor Fane was con
secrated to God ye-terday afternoon by
the Rev. W. B. Berry, who will be the
pastor in charge of tbe earnest workers
who have selected this little temple as the
headquarters for their labors in a com
munity where they confidently look for
ward to tne establishment of a tine church
in the future. The work for the present
will be the teaching of Sunday-School
classes there and teaching the gospel every
Lord's day.
This mission is under the auspices of the
Christian Endeavorers of the West Side
Christian Church, of which Rev. W. A.
Gardner is the pastor. He gives the chief
credit of the enterprise to Mrs. Olivia
Hodgen and Mi>s Nettie E. Gardner.
It was the work o> the intermediate
( las 3, which is one of the three classes of
the West Side church. The teacher of this
class, D. F. Parker, also comes in for a large
share of his pastor's commendation. He
is a prominent young business man. In
his address at the dedication services yes
terday he explained that bis instrumen
tality in the affair bad consisted mainly
in insisting on practical Christianity.
When his scholars talked of what they
wished they could do be urged them on to
make their dreams realities.
The services were opened by W. A.
Gardner. After the hymn "ltejo.ee and
i) •■ Glad" tbe lesion was read from tbe
eigbty-fourtu Psalm, in which occur the
appropriate words, "How amiable are thy
tabernacles, O Lord of hosts," "My soul
lonceth for the courts of the Lord," "I
had rat er be a doorkeeper in tbe house
of my God than dwell in the tenta of the
wicked."
The address of W. B. Berry was solemn
and beautiful, expressing tbe hope and
conviction that the initial step had been
taken of a great good to be accomplished,
not only in that community, but all over
the City.
He took his text from Puilirpians 3d
and 13th, "'This one thing i do, forget
ting those things which are behind and
reaching forth unto those thinps wbicn
are before I pre«s toward the mark of the
hign calling of God in Christ Jesus."
Attention was called to this wisdom of
Paul having been learned from Jesus,
whose religion was one which provided for
progress. He spoke oi the great value of
practical Christianity, and illustrated the
good of it by pointing out how this mis
sion had been started by the ladies doing
work for it and asking money from no
one. They evn washed tbe windows and
cleaned the floors, and this, the pastor
*aid, was far better work than merely
praying for Rood to come.
Ttie final address was made by Miss E
Berry, who has done a great deal of mis
sion work In this and in foreign countries.
In introducing her Rev. Mr. Gardner
made a playful allusion to her name and
tbe first speaker's by stating the fact that
the audience was enjoying a feast of
"berries."
The little fane, as they call it in order to
have a name fresher and more specific
than mission, was crowded to the door.
OAKLAND TEACK ENTRIES.
A Well-Filled Card ot Sprinting Events
Down for Decision To-Day.
The racine card at Oakland to-day is
made up entirely of sprinting events, and
as some fast ones are entered tbe sport
should be good. Following is tbe list of
entries:
First rsce, five-eighths of a mile— l2B Sir
Phillip 105, Alless«i.dro 110, 117 Nic Nac 99.
138 Virgie A 109. 122 Nabopoinssar 99, 117
Jack Atkins 99. 117 Badger 110, 102 Isabelle
109, 128 Dun Pio Pico 99. Rejected 110,
Palmerston 104.
Second rac-e, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile.
Keiiing— s7 liielma 92,(105) Kamsin 105. 71
Sslvable 108. 114 Howard 104, 122 Red Glenn
92.
Third race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing—l 22 Rtcardo 92, 119 Cadenza 99, 85
Model 99, 62 Petrarch 108, 114 Hueneme
101, 129 loniuo 99, 128 Edgem.nt 91. 128
Irma 94 121 Joe Hill 105, Myron 104, 36 Ver
nou 105.
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, setl
ine, for two-y<>ar-oidf>— (104) Osric II 104. 131
Rey del Tk-rra 108. 107 Principle 99, 131 B.lly
Vice 100, Marcie A 97, Lady Looram 97.
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing—(lo9) Shield Bearer 107. (93) Sport Mc-
Allister 107, (122) Excuse 99, 14 Jim Boze
roan 100, 101 Babe Murphy 98, 106 Grover
102, Sir Kefiinrtld 104. 129 Quicksilver 105, 79
Chartreuse II 102, 109 Uanjo 104.
l»i!iii,-rs for the Poor.
The Good Simian tan Ml.-sion, corner Second
and FoHom streets, has undertaken to provide
a Thanksgiving dinner to a large number of
rcen Wednesday evening, and, as in other
years, to furnish to many destitute families a
good dinner on Thanksgiving day. Contribu
tions lor both these objects are solicited by the
managers.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J C Smith, Boston J D Lewis, Cal
W M Jon«>^ nurisvllle 0 H White, Watsonvllle
.• H Feeaey, \\ a<h G L T ewls. San Jo-te
M A Halrrer. !>an Jose C W Nelson, Oakland
X Slack, AlCtttraz T H M«ok, Alabama
J W Dußa-k.Cal W (; Ht rrlch, Pa
J Camisky. l»a C C M Kane, Alabama
T Kay, Vain jo A L Arens, Oakland
J .1 Manning. ÜBS J 5* Edwards, oaicland
* Jacobs. Hyde w C Kesner. Ryde
G W Kirbey, Pa J E Wilson. Pittsburg
< M WUlnett <al c O Bunyon, N V
v X oermaine. N V A H A nderson, RocicSpr
1 li Mack, U 8 s o i. Herrich, CSK
G LewiM, a ab-ima C Noyp. Alaliama
H A >prai;ue, Boston E O blade, Bos. on
U W Brazier, Pa
LICK HOUSE.
A B Thompson, Berkley H X I'irket, Plscervllle
R r A!le:i, Cnl T Bra ker. Aatorla
J Q (Barrett &w, Marysvl J B Ml ier, Ohio
Mrs M frichard. n J G N< unemaker, Vi^alla
Mrs L Matrolce, Oroville Ii Stevenson, Menlo Pit
X Casper, Vallrjo F D .\ cot, Stoc ton
W Ii tn Cl»ir. Chlcato Jas Keunie. Natooia
A C W»»ttat», Rio Vista B D Mason. Placerville
.Ni hlen<e. Jjixon X i- CumminKS, N V
Mrs s stick npy, Merc, d LMueller* w Sacrmto
8 a Alexander, Fresno M 8 Ko>e, Fresno
W X E<Jg- a w. N J j ii Bend. Arizona
H S Sbaup, t',l MrsG R Bi-hop. Colusa
J N Anderson aw, ill g B Btacomt<, Uailposa
Joun Mauninj. Chicago Gto W Enright, N V
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Nauer, Stockton J M Birch, Ogden
• X Wngel *w, Jackson J Clark Af. Wash
L L Follett, .sonnra (J A Sittmaii, Pie. santon
M H Bfeatester, Minn k Kercuson. Minn
J Q Blake, Wah l E Austin. Mont
A (J M Her. W. Sb W Millar, Wash
1 A MorrWl A w, Fresno W R Andrw, Sn "Miguel
W J Miller, Pe:irvu w Homer. Canada
J M Jones, Cana a M Ju.-.i. Alameda
Mis- Ju.i:, Alaiiinia T Harrinfton, 8n Brdne
J .Mct-iir.by, mi >lnrdino H Conwav. Stockton
<; Church, v heat. and ► Oi euhtimer.WhiSiy D
T J Varna, Japan y Oltka. Japan
X E Hyde, J ac<-ma Geo Harrington, T.icoma
BALDWIN. 'HOTEL.W'.: ■ .; .
J Sims, wood . D A "Villaia <& w. Mass .
3 Levy &w, Stockton R A McAllister, Wis
X W Ik it. for land r H L Holt, Portland , ".
Mrs L J Falmhaw, Ptind <' M Hunter, X ■ rleans
W E Clark,' Phila r Mis* A Kibridge, N V :■-.•
H Cavanaugh, .Nev WH Garner, Downievle
A G Namklbl.w & s.Mont J Roscher, X \ ■--■
C Greenberg, W»n, £ Hoc km an, Wash .
J -Murphy, Chicago F P Ban*-. Santa Kosa
A J am *"» &w. Bfatile '-■■': W tills, Belruont .
J. X Oiibion, Stockton A, ii. AVUaon, Stockton '
■ . GRAND HOTEL.
S-W Wllla. Cai A L Bigbee. Cal
»Y. M ™r.', nß^ w< 2octo2 octo J c R o"rke, Eureka
Miss ugh am. Ben iciaO Weeks, Bak«>rsfield
SoS!i ri !f Vl Di on " J s M »ade, Riverside
MR Madary. Fresno CO ZI geufuss. Cal -
M's Head, Fresno X Hunter Colo
i R LußCombe. Milwaukee G G >eibPls, Vallejo
I X M Ma >nion. Los Ang J A Andrews, Minn
■ i. M -Hurry. Boston F I .^ «,oslln»ki & w, Cal
i Ml?l'°M l ? I '°" i a d °" L Reese. Cal
G\% Detjens &w, Cal FA de Cray, Santa Cruz
AT 00 ! « • sta Barbara R Marsh, w&. s. Utah
Mlw Marsh, alt Lake D Jones. Santa Crux
ITC Lester, Santa Cruz R A Long. Willows
11 H se:i.on, Arbu. H B Gillti, Ynma
7^  Sw i? ler la-erv OH Burnham. Plucerv
C H bchlveley. < roviUe C M Brown. Antloch
Lei i Grant, Salinas .. N Wines, Hanta Barbara
W F porrance.staYne» WJ . reeo, Los Angeles
RflHwriej, sacto W Bruce, Chicago
T J Sampson, N V ,
.PALACE HOTEL.
d a il' wby ' Indianpls A 0 Newby. Indianapolis
? A Thomson, LOllOL 01100 ' 1 W H -mith, Pitisburg
F. F Witter. f«t j ouis Mrs W H Smith. I'lttsbg
O Pollltz, Russia A U Whltridite A w, N V
A B Sboemakpr, Modsto W E > paHh<-, X • V - ■
Mrs A I Rachel. er, NY F X Schoonmaker. N V
A A Klce, X V • Mrs C L Lane Angels
L L Lane, Angels T Allen, Angels
<> McHenry, Modesto Master .McH«-nry Mdsto
E D Field, Denver S W Eccles. fait Lake
Mis a X Kccles. S Lake Mrs S W Krcies, S l.ake
MrsKJ Williamson s Lk C C Desmond, I.os Ang
J LRo jnson. Free port W.HChrlstie.EmeryviUe
A J Row*. NY P. ter Lamb. Los Ang
E f Sweeney, Seattle R R speucer, .-eattle 7
E S Mopes, NY G II Williams, Portland
G Buechner, Denver A J Bacheller
KxpTWßMtlou.
|
The arrow files with the wind. Tne top Bruits
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those, underneath it, if any, the amount of
, rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
I during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
■ therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature.. The
word "high" means hlch barometric pressure and
I Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
I refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
I and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us. ally first appear on tbe Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
find low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
| marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
i able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coa*'. warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce aa opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States . Department of Agbiccl
! tcrk, Weathkb Bureau. San Fbancisco, CaL,
| Nov. 22, 1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
i general forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re-
I ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58. Fresno 58, (ran Diego 66, Red Bluff
56, San Luis Obispo 60, Yuma 78. San Francisco
66, Los Angeles 62.
; Han Francisco data—Maximum temperature 56,
! minimum 61, mean 54.
The storm which was central last night over
' Washington and Oregon has moved directly east
: with great rapidity, an i is central to-night over the
! Upper Missouri Valley. Rain continues to fall on
■ the central coast ' of California ana in the Pan
I Joaquln Valley. Rain is also falling at Portland.
Elsewhere the weather has cleared. The pressure
has risen nearly half an Inch over the northern
half of the Pacific Mope. It has fallen nearly an
inch over the Dakota*.
- The temperature has risen 20 degrees or more
over the Upper Missouri Valley. On the Pacific
slope it has remained stationary. - A maximum
wind v locity t f 30 miles > Is reported at Carson
City. Over two inches of rain fell at Fort Can
In the V 4 hours ending Sunday morning.
I Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
I enditiK midnight November 23. 1896:
Northern California—Fair Monday except in the
| ban Joaquin Valley, where showers are likely
i early Monday morning; cooler. Monday and Mon
day night in northern portion; fresh northerly
winds/ • . - ...
southern Ca'lfornla— Cloudy Monday, with rain
early Monday morning in extreme northern por
j tion: light westerly changing to northerly winds.
Nevada—Cloudy Monday; - colder in northern
. portion. . • -
Dtah—Cloudy Monday, and probably light rain
in extreme northern portion; colder Monday and
Monday night. ■ ;-;•?;
Arizona— Fair Monday. .'.•'.
; . Ban Francisco end vicinity — Fair ' Monday;
I colder Monday and Mondny nUht; fresh westerly
winds. Alexander v. Me a die.
Local Forecast official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
iv r
BE
i, 181
Su.
Ma
,Tu.
W.
Th.
Vr.
,Ba.
Moon's PhMet
,
2
3
4
6
«
7
©New Mood.
*D Nov. 4.
•
10
11
12
13
14
v^iFirs-, Quarter
v>y «ov. 11.
15
16
17
18
19
30
81
Ok Full Moon.
<£/ Nov. an.
Tl
33
24
-'5
36
37
28
Last Quarter.
'•S*/ -NOV. 27.
,
29
30
OCEAN STEAMERS.
i Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMEB | DESTINATION. | BAII.B. | PIER.
Cook bay . . Ncwp0r. ...... Nov23, (m Pier U
Del .None.:. U rays Harbor. Not 24,12 v Pier 28
Columbia... Portland Nov 24 10a ji Pie*
Corona San D1ec0..... i \'ov '25,1 1a PJertl
Orizaba Mexico — .... |Nov26.loam Pier 11
Mexico V!c-<fcPctSnd Not *5. Sam Pier 9
P0m0na....: Humboldtßat |> ov -5, im C.wsi
Empire Urecon ports. . INov 26. urn , Pier 13
tun ku Newport ; i \ov27. lull ' l'li»r i L
CltySydDey Panama. ...... Nov 28,3 2 m PMSB
bin.*- ot Cai. Poriland ...... | Nov '29. 10 am I'ierJl
banta Rosa. -en Dteso.... ; Notv9.llam Pier 11
City Poeblal VicAPsiSnd Nov 30, »xn!P!er 9
t<nn01.. ;.;.„ Hr«r< Harnor JN v <t». JVi»ipii»r hi
TEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STCAMEB
J
KiiuM
Dvi
Washtenaw ....
C0r0na...;..-.:..
Cttjr of Everett.
Kniplrb
CttT of Peking..
Homer .v.
Pomona ...;....
North Fore
Kureka..........
Btaie of Ca1....
City Poebla....
Arcata. ;/...;...
Santa R05a.....
Mackinaw...:..
Progreso
BDIIOI ......;;
Australia
Coos Kay:..;...
San Jose
Doric
*ara110n.......".
Crescent «'liv.
Seattle
san Dteco... .-.
Departure flay
Portland....'.
China and Japan.
Coos Bay ....... ...;......■
i i urn bold: Bar.
Humboldt 8ar.....
Newport. .'......-........:
Portland. . . .■ ..;...
Victoria <& Puget Sound
Coos Bay :::;......;
Sau Uieico ..............
I in-'. ma .......;;...
Seattle
Grays Harbor ..;......
H0n01u1u... .............
Newp0rt.;;........
Panama
China and Japan........
Yticiulua u.i .....•.'...:.
(>«>,, r. (-,,,- .. -..<■■
..iNov2»
..Nov as
..Nor 23
..Nov *4
..Nov -'4
..Nov 24
..Not 24
..Nov .4
..:«ov 25
Nov in
. . NOV 28
..Nov '27
..Nov 27
. . Nov 27
..Nov
..Nov 2S
. Nov 28
.-.Jsov i 9
..Nov 1:9
..Novae
7. Nov 29
Nov 30
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. 8. Coast and Cs«odktic Survey Tide")
' " Bulletin PnBLWHKD BY OFFICIAL ' > * I
AUTHORITY OF THK SffEBINTKSDKST. \ J
. .' ■■'?. ' ■-* Mon-a%' November. 23. * .
eon rises...... 7.001 Moon rls«s;!.- 7 24pm
bun nil 4 64 1 -Moon set*. ;
. i November— lß96. ■ . . ;
£ i i L • .... I
•". T;:- » Kef: I :..-.- Ke*: | -.:.■■■ Feet
v H w -, i.-w > h »v ■-:
Tir "' Fast
1, \V
•I A, o.i.«J 4.3 «-H a.x r2.UB| 574 ■>.»* — o&'
241 5.48 -.«:« 7.3: 3.6 ia.5M 5.1 8.37 — 0 a
25 *«••-'« 4.9 !R»d 3.4 -1.&1 '4.5 9.-'5 ilia
20 605 5.2 9.63 ..0 '..06 4.1 10.17 07
•J. 5.4* 5.3 10.10 a.4 4.40 3> 11.14 1.6
38 tt..'l 6.8 12.1b 1.6 607 3 9 ...
. . I/A' •.■;• H W .-.,. : fi _■* . ,- HVV ""'-".
29 oB 1.8 700 66 1.19 i 0.8 7.35 4.0
, Not*— ln the above exposition o( the tide* the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
or ler of occurrence as to time. The second time
column yives the second tide or the day, f.he third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column ?ives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tid"s. as sometimes
scours. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the Uniied Suites Coast Survey
chnrts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth clven by ;lie r'nar.s.
NOTICE TO MAKINERS.
A branch of the Untied States Hvdrographle
Office located in the Merchant-.' Exchange Is I
matnta.ned in Man Francisco for the benefit of !
mariners without regard to nationality a, id free of i
cxi ea*e. . ■ - - . ,•■ . .
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the ;
office, where complete sets of charts and salllnc i
diiec.lo is of the world are kept on nan I for corn
parson and reference, and the latest Information |
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean j
commerce. i
' The time ball on top or the build on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befo !
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telezraplilc signal received each da troai the
United states Naval Ob-erva.ory a. Mare Island,
Cat.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. is
puhnshei the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following iav.
\V\ S. HI'UHES.
Lieutenant U. s. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUN i>aY, November "2.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 23 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and anise, to J,^ Klmhall.
simr Kxcelsiur, Humns, 9 days from Karl uk;
50U<i es s t mon to Alaska Improwment Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 21 hour* Tin Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins ACo.
Stmr Jewel, 31 ad sen, •-* hours from Caspar;
350 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Ktta B. Bourne, U noun from Fort Ross:
20 bxs butler, to Koss ifc Hewlett.
Schr Mayflower, Ulsen, 15 days from Siuslaw
River; lumber, to ortier.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. November 21.
V 8 i'mr Oregon, Hownon. crane.
SUNDAY, November 28.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Truckee. Daniels, Coos Bay.
Stmr Farailon. Koberls, Yaquina Bay.
Ship Levt G Bur ess. Youngren. Tacoma.
Bark Martha Davis. Soule. Honolulu.
Schr M-!,'ii N Kimhall, Gut ormsen.
ScUr James A Uarileld, Palmgren, Wiliapa Har
bor.
Schr Eva. Xl tgaarn. Ocos.
S<;.r Ke.Hsif K. Anderson, Coqutlle River.
Schr Abbie, Hansen
Tflegrßphic
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 22.-10 p. it— Weather
cloudy; wind NWj velocl y 16 miles.
Memorandum,
Per stmr Excelsior— Bark Harvester, with
19,000 cs salmon, sailed from Karluk Kov 13.
i)oiup*ti<i Pitrci.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 22-Stnar Homer and
schr Daisy Howe, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 2— Brship Roc'thurst'
from Lota: Br ship Hawksdale, from Sydney.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Nov 22— Stair Alca
traz. bencp Nov 20.
MONTEREY— Arrived Nov 22— Schr Monterey,
from Bowens Landing.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Pomona, hce
Nov 21.
Sailed Nov 22-stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr La Gas
cogne. from Havre.
> ailed Nova"— Htmlv a"— Html La Touraine for Havre;
atmr Werkendam, for Rotterdam,
HAVRE— Arrived out Nov 22— Stmr La Cham-
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Nov 22-Stmr Cam
pania, for New York
LIZARD- Pasietl Nov 22— Sunr Southwark, fm
An.werp for New York.
• imiiortntlo'u.
WESTFORT— Per Noyo-61 bdls hides, 17 bales
wool. 2 bd s pelts, 1 sk tails.
Kort Bragg— ll es mdse, Ibx berries. Ibx wood,
4 bxs fish, J80.773 ft lumber, 3t>75 r r ties.
MOSS LANDING— Per Glpsy-1 CS eggs, 1506
slcs potatoes. 4.(7 sks oats.
boquei — 332 bxs apples, 5262 reams paper, 82 slcs
dried primes.
Santa Cruz-17 sks scrap iron, 3 bxs butter. 118
bxs apples, 30 sks rags, 4 bxs dried fish, lUOO bbls
lime.
<'<>n<len«Ai.
Per Noro— Blsninger <fcCo: Christy & Wise: E G
Lewis: Thos Denigan, Son <fc Co; Eveleth A N'ash;
Union Lumber to: B V Jenmson; VV W illi.er;
U W Younu
Per Gipsy — Norton. Teller <fe Co: Hills Bros: S
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, £-, HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl sir
, AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. P. Al'fsi KALI A for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day. December 5. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
H. S. AUMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10. at '2 p. ii.
Line to < OOLGARDIK, Aust-.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
;• vfi J. I). HPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market gt. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST__STEAffISIIIP GO.
STEAMERB LEAVE BROADWAY /"Hrf.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -^"M^y
For Mart* Island, Loring. W range). Jnneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., .Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Beilincbam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. k.
Nov. 6, 10, 15. '20, '25. 30. and every nfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., ?.t Tacoma with N. P. B. R., at Seattle with G.
N. Ry . at Pert Townsend with A lasKas team-ra-.
For Kureka, Arcaa and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str. Pomona '1 p. v.. Nov. 1, 5, 9, 13,
17, 21. 35, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San hula Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, fan Pedro, East Man
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ran Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
roles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov. 1, 6. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter. -
For Knseaada, Man Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month. :
'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
Mew Montgomery street.
QOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
. •• 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE O. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m. '
FA "RTT/^ l3 First-class \ Including
-■UlJj'nii Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
i State of California Nor. 9, 19, 29, Dee. 9
i Colombia 1 Nov. 14, 24, Dec. 4, 14
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent. .
630 Market street. I
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. superiowudeo*"
COMPIGIUE GEHERAL TRAIISATLMTIQUS
French. Line to Havr».
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH j(*r&\,.
V' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ft*3>3*.
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via .fan*
h'rsi-rlass f lti.i; secoud-ciaai. $ilti -
UGASCOGXK Nov. 28,5 A. m.
LA BRKTAONJS..... ...Dec. 5, Noon
LA IH 'Ml' -G\E ...Dec. 12, 5 A. M.
LA TOURAINK. Dec. la 9 a.m.
LA GASCOUNE Dec. 26, 5 a. M.
*„- or luriuer particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent, • :
NO. S. Bowling Green, New York.
j. r. FTJGAZI A CO S AgenM Mont«onisrr
avenue, San Francisco. •
STOCKTOH STEAMERS
\?V$. £%a!??: fVe^^c^e l^
to .:3D P. 31.
jajr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Its only line mailing through rates oa V allay
Road freight. r "*
STIiAJIEI'.S:
I. C. Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Uarratt,. City of Stockton.
•leiephuuo Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Imot. Cm
fILLEJO ASD U. S. IATY-TIRB.
SXi^AiIKK "MONTI CELLO,"
Daily at. »10:30 a. m., 4 and 9:30 r. M. l
Saturdays ... M ..... .*10:30 a. M., 4 P. M.
Sundays........ ......8 P. it ]
. Landing Mlsston-stree- Docic, Pier 2.
. Telephone Black 2ttl.
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.':
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAiWACRI'Z
OTEAMER ALVISO LHAVR- PIEK 1 '>A 11.7
Oat 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted): Alviso daily at
BP. M. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Paa-
senger. hare between San Francisco and Alviso,
50c: to San Jose, 75c. Clay au. Pier 1. 20 W.
banta Clara »v. ami Joa*. ■ - :'...'-■=,; ■
HAIT.RO AP TR AVgt! -_ ~~
MOUNT TAJIALPAIST
Trains connect , with North P&cifla
oast Railroad. - ° rlclM
WEI.K DaYsj— leaves. F. 9:15 a. 'it: lA\ . «
- Returning— 8. K. 3:25 p v B*sn »vT
SUNDAYS- Leave S.F.BA.Hll::r o^K.i^ U pi
Levy* Co; Standard Oil Co: L G Sresovich. A Co;
Thomas Lougbra. : Wolf* Son: HCoweU<SCo:
Chas Harley * < o: McDonough & Runyon: Kron
TannlnifCo: McPherson & KucKer; H Dutard:
V i on Paper Co; A XV Fink <fc Co: Caito & Co; 1 ac
Const Kis'i Co. «■!
RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29.
And Every Fifth Da- Thereafter. I •
| Leave irom a. p. Ca's Ferry Landing, toot if
Market st; at 8:00 p. v.
: CD^PI/l' i 01 fl inciudinsr Berth,
fr b\(\.l VI U „ Tourist Sli«p«.
DATCC \ (tkfn First-class, Inclndlaf
KAltb 1 $19 B«nh, Standard *
*££«£& saraas jsssr s^ *****
, B i. t ' HA ri iD «"M AY t.h. GOODMAN.
Gen. frame Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agfc
SOUTIIKRBT PAt'lvic COHPAZTT.
(PACIFIC MVHTISM.)
Tißln« !«•«»•«■ nnd ]>■■«• <|u« In arrive at
SAN IUANCJIS€«.
I Uave-Fhom November 7. 1.00 p. it., 1536.— Aitniva
' : »6:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... . flilßi
: "•oOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and lOadt.. 8:43r
7:OOa Bt'nicia, Vacavilie, Rumsuy. Sacra-
mento. Orovillo and Redding via '
Davis A «i4Sr
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, "■
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6tlSp
■i3oa Nile*. Nan Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and Red
P.luii 4ilSp
•B>Soa Peters and Milton *~:19r
9:0»« New Orleans lixpieai. Raymond {.tor
Yosomite), Fresno, liaUerslkld,
Santa Barbara, I.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
■ :■. '-■>■ ''.': East •-.' 4i45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton -1:45 p.;.
8:00 a VaUejo 6:15p
•..;.... Nlles, San- Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:1!»p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers *9:OOp
f!:3or Port C'oita and Way Stations t7:45*
4:0 Or Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calisto«a, Xl Verano and
Santa Kosii »:1S&
4:OOr Becicia, Vacavillo, - Woodland,
- Knights Landing, Marysviile, Oro- j
ville and Sacramento 11:13*.
4i3OFNiles, San Jose and Livermore.... Bs4SA
4:30p Lcs Angeles Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los J ""V
Angeles I«i4»A V
4i3Up Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express ■*»>
for Mojave and East 10»45a 1
6«0«p European Mall, Ogilen and East.... 9:13*. /
6:0« - Huywanln, Niles mid Han Jose 7:45 a
17:00i> Vallejo t7:43p
7:0 Op Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
.| . -'■ - villo, Re.Wing, Portlnml, Pugot
Sound and Kast ll:t»A
•fl0:05p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Lcs
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 812:48,
SANTA nil/ lUVIsION (Narrow tinngcj.
• >ISa Ne>vark,Oentervillc,San.loae.Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way >-.>.
Stations ". Bisor
•»:13p Newark. Centervflle, San Joso, New .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
- : , ' Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations..... •11:80*.
I 4:13 p Newark, Sail Joso and Los Catos 9:50 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations :. t7:2op
COAST DIVISION (Third A louiikpiiil SU.)
6:43 a Han Jose and Way Stations (New *
Almaden Wednesdays only) l»30p
Silsa Sail Joso, Tres Piuos, Kaiita Cruz,
Paclllc Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:0Bp
I O:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:O8p
11:SOa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
'ii:»Or San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
• • Salinas.MontereyandPacilicGroi'e MO:4Oa
•3:»OP San Jose and Way Stations ..* »:3Oa-
/ •4:30 i San Jose aud Way Stations »8:10 a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:3Oa
' 6::iop San Jose and Way Stations 6:U3a
t»:43r San Jose ami Way Str.Honw +7:4»P
* SAX LtiASUKO AM) HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
»»6:OOa 1 ( 7:13 A
8:00 a (9: 4? A
iS'SSa Melrose, Seminary Park, xxm!
il \:™s Fitchbar ,SanLeaiKlro »f jlg^
iilsop « nd ■ £SJ
™% Harvard*. «:«J
7:OOp S:4»p
9-OOp ' Buns through to Nile*. lO:3Op
tfll:l3pj tFromNiles. (. tfl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from JfRiNCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:03 *2:00 $3:00
•4:00 15:00 ' *6:00r.M.
from OiKHHD— Foot of Broadway.— • *6:00 BM
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *l:00 tS:OO *3:00 ti:00
»5:03 p.m.
AforMorafng. Tv , P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. - t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.'
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
IJTuosdays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays. v
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi- }
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market 3 C.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I I .
■ WEEK D.AY&-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.: 12:3*.
I 8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. v. Thursdays— Extra tria
at 11:30 p. v. • Saturday Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. M. ' ■
BUKDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. 6:20 P. st
San Rafael to San FranotAco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. it«
- 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays-ExtrartrlM
* at 1:65 P. it and 6:35 P. it
1 BUNDAYS— B: IU, 9:40, 11:10 a. itj 1:40, 3:4 *
5:00, 6:25 P. U. m
1 Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sarae
schedule as above.
Leave T _■-_, ~ Arrive *
: Ban Francisco. <£?,, i£ San Frandsca
! Week 1 SSL T M ,.' t f I ?£'i n _ Btrj»- I Vni
Payb. path. DQMinatlon. DAYS . | DaYB 7
1 7:30 am 1 8:00 am Kovato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
8:30 pm 1 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm ! 10:25 am
1 6:10 PM 15:00 Pm| Santa Rosa. 7:36 PM; 6:22 pm
S ~ Fulton, !
7:30 am Windsor. 10:28 am
Healdsburg,
• I Lytton,
Geyservllle,
- ; 8:80 pm 8:00 am C'.overdale. 7:35 PM 6:23
_____ Pleta, ~~~"
Hopland A
! T-.3OAM 8:00 am Ckiah. 7:35 pm 6:2»pm
7:30 am ~ I ~ , 10:25 am
8 :00 am Gnerne 7 -.35 pm
8:80 pm ■' 6:22 pm
I 7:30 am 00 am Sonoma . 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
! i 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
i 7:30 am 18:0') AMI sebaatonol 110:40 am 1 10:3 >am
3:30 1 5 :00 pm I | 6:1O PK | 6:2 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
I Springs: at Geyservllle for Skasgs Springs; at
: ■ Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
1 j Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and _akeport; at
. Hopland for Lakeport and Bart:ett springs; at
1 | Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blun
{ Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter  - '
i Valley. Jon n Day's, Riverside, Lieriey's, Buck-- .-. M
! nells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
I Greenwood, Orfs Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
1 Fort Braes, Westport, ; Usa!, WUlets. Cahto, Co»
I velo, LaytonvUle, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point- b*»
' youd San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle hnftdinm,
■.aWHITINQ, B.X.RYAW,
■ • ■ . Gen. Manaser. Gen. Pass. Ageat. *
Atlantic
Trains leave and arriva «tsKf^?Rsi
] Market-Sireot .Ferry. r^K^wSSni '
SASTA FE EXPRESS. WMM
To Chicago via A. & P.^s!£&i*saOUTel
Direct Line *"W<fc»4V^Ci^
Leaves da ly at 4 : 3U p. m. , carrvine Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and . Modern Upholstered Tourist
Seeplng-cars. which run dally through 10 Chicam
j tali 11 "* 8 city ' Annex cars for Denver and i iv
Bosron recursions, v.a Kansas City, Chlcaeo.
I Montreal and the White; Mountains leave every
i The best railway from California to the East.
> e . r *s new ties: no dust: In-erestlng sconerr
i and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
?h, »^ le 'uildl.ig. TeleuUoneMaiu
li>3l. Oakland. 1118 iiroad way.
SOETH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Bau.«alito Ferry). . ■y.
Tram Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1894
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley ana >»n Rat'ael-«7t25. »9 :l^ j
11-.UO a. m.. '1:45.-3:45. ♦5:15. •5:45,6:30 p.» A
Extra trips for 8,1 Kafael on Mondays, SVediM* 'Jf
\ days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.MERCHANTS NEED
TO BE A UNIT
Five Years of Progress Has
Not Inured to Their
Benefit.
Peculiarities of the License Ordi
nance That Are Not
Understood.
A Decent City Hall for Oakland
Should Figure in the Municipal
Platforms-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 22. f
•The time has now arrived when there
should be in this city a powerful mercan
tile organization. During the past five
years all the surrounding towns, even as
far as Hnywards, have been brought al
most into Oak.'and by frequent and cheap
electric-car service. The trade of Oakland
has almost doubled, but with little ap
parent resultant benefit to its merchants.
This is due to lack of a concentration of
r. terests.
/• There is a Merchants' Exchange and a
T foard of Trade, both of which organiza
* Lions have done eood work, but there has
always been considerable friction between
them, which has prevented any joint ef
forts for their mutual welfare. There are
many changes necessary before Oakland
and surrounding territory can grow com
mercially, and these cannot be brought
about by any clique or party, but can only
be secured by unity of action.
Th c forecast of the changes is most cer
• tainly a thorough and intelligent under
standing of the needed license system.
That it is now prinutive.ciude and discrim
inating there can be no don bt. The levying
of all manner of licenses on the solicitors
and deliverers from outside places has
worked great harm to local merchants.
Firms who formerly did $100 worth of
ousiness a week in this city were driven
to establishing branch houses over here
and now do four times the business.
• Berkeley retaliated by passing a prohibit
ive license and a leading member of the
• Merchants' Exchange was forced to open
.Ta branch store in that town in order to
hold his trade and evade an extortionate
license. A leading member of the Board
of Trade and a lsr^e manutacturer had
••been forced to call in a large number of
bis travelers because of prohibitory local
licenses, and the business they obtained
' no longer comes to Oakland.
Several commission merchants cross
the bay every morning to buy produce in
San Francisco that is produced in Ala
meda County, and which is brought back
• here for conspmDtion, and which process
is the result of the license imposed on
producers who bring their goods inside
the fire limits.
These are a few of the details that need
adjustment, but so long as the interests of
a few are to be paramount to the welfare
of the community just so long will Oak
land suffer. There will be no improve
ment till there is a powerful commercial
organization dominated by the spirit of
■ men whose ideas travel farther than their
•store door. Such an organization could
toy the appointment of various commit
. tees deal with all the problems now being
handled by the various bodies and would
make possible the establishment of a
(Produce Exchange which is an actual ne
. cessity in an agricultural county like Ala
meda.
. « Very. rarely is the proper credit accorded
the District Attorney's office for the milk
o! human nature which it frequently dis
- senses in the conduct of criminal cases.
More frequently the office is harshly criti
cized and hampered in the discharge of
its duty by those who do not under
.stand how matters stand or who
are. willfully prejudiced. It is gen
erally considered that the duty of the pub
lic prosecutor is to attempt to land in jail
cv.cry one who breaks the laws. This is,
o.f course, true in the case of criminals,
but there are many younir people arrested
who do wrong, not fully comprehending
the nature of their offense, or because of
the influences of older companions who
have motives for leading them astray. In
such instances justice can be best sub
served by the exercise of kindness and
. humanity, and the foundations of good
citizenship laid instead of a life of crimi
naiity.
During the incumbency of District At
torney Snook several of these instances
have arisen and young men who under a
less humane administration would now
be convicts are reputable members of so
ciety. A lew years in the District Attor
. nev's office reveals all the phases of hu
..inanity's weakness and teaches that
reformation is not always brought about
by virulent prosecution.
Alameda has at least one thing that she
can point to with the finger of pride
while the linger of derision is pointed
toward Oakland. The Encinal City has a
municipal buildiug that is a credit to her,
while Oakland has a wooden barn that is
periodically condemned by the Board of
Health.
Aiameda's handsome brick and stone
block not only adds to the dignity of the
municipal government, but it is an insult
to expect any of Oakland's officials to
show its municipal pile to a visiting
Mayor, and yet Alameda is several classes
behind Oakland in the rank of cities.
In a few weeks the various municipal
tickets and platforms will De placed be
fore the public, and the one that is pledged
to secure needed improvements will be en
titled to the largest share of support. A
plank providing for an ample municipal
building on the Jines that have been laid
down so often would command more re
spect than the stereotyped, meaningless
language that is so often foisted on the
voters. Stuart W. Booth.
UNION SERVICES.
Tlie Programme Includes Many of the
'-'■'. Leading Pastors.
OAKLAND, <al., Nov. 22.— Union
.•Thank-giving services programme baa
been completed. The services will be con
ducted by Rev. Alfred Kummer, D.D., of
. the First Methodist Church.
The programme is as follows:
'" Anthem, "While the Earth Remuinetbv' (Ber
. thdld. Tours); .invocation, by the Rev. C. H.
Hobart, pastor of the First Baptist Church;
. hymn 1084, "Jesus Shall Reign"; psalm 103,
. re«poifsivo reading (indicated by the colon),
• led by the Rev. J. £. fiushncll, D.D.. pastor of
.the First English Lutheran Church; general
prayer, by the Rev. G. R. Brown, pastor of the
Firet Congregational Church ; anthem, "Praise
the Lord, O Jerusalem" iE. V. Hale): reading
of Thanksgiving proclamation, by Rev. James
Small, pastor of the Fin Christian Church ;
hymn 1161, "My Country 'tis of Theo" ; sermon
by the Rev. J. M. French, paotor First United
Presbyterian Church; offerings for the Oak
land .benevolent Society ; offer wry (duet, tenor
. * ana bass), "It is of the Lord's Great Mercy"
I (B. Mollque); doxology, "Praise God From
% Whom ail Blessings. Flow"; benediction.
j\ The music will be led by the choir of First
>Vresbyterian Church.
Oakland Theater.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 22.— Theie will
be no performance at the Oakland Theater
Monday and Tuesday nights. Wednesday
evening the A. Y. Pearson Eastern dra
matic company will open in "The Land of
the Midnight Sun." There will be a spe
cial Thanksgiving matinee, as well as a
matinee on Saturday.
OFFICERS OF THE ALAMEDA CHORAL SOCIETY.
WORK ON BEHALF
OF THE FARMERS
A Livermore Lady Sur
prises Oakland's Board
of Trade.
Mrs. 'Cunningham Will Co-ops
rate in Establishing a
Produce Exchange.
Personally Visits end Lectures Land-
Owners Who Persistently
Neglect Their Property.
Oakland Offtce Baw Frawcisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Nov. 22. f
The Oakland Board of Trade was sur
prised last night by a woman. Mrs.
Cornelia E. Cunningham addressed the
members and they freely admit that they
left the hall with more new ideas than
they had thought of for the past three
months.
Mrs. Cunningham was the organizer of
the Livermore League of Progress, and she
came to Oakland to tell the board what
had been accomplished and to solicit their
co-operation in instituting a representa
tive and permanent county exhibit.
The members opened their eyes with
wonder when they listened to the plain
story of what the speaker had accom
plished, noton'y by her individual efforts,
but in conjunction with other active work
ers in her town.
For several months she has been ex
ploring the interior of the county, finding
out who owned property and paid no per
sonal attention to its welfare. She made
it her business to call on the owners, many
of whom reside in San Francisco, and tell
them that they are an lucubus on the com
munity. She unhesitatingly expressed
her opinion of the rnilli naire Arthur
Rogers, who recently married Mrs. Mont
gomery. Mr. Rogers owns a beautiful
ranch of 160 acres, which is in rnin. It is
neglected, uncultivated, and the porch is
falling from the front of the dwelling.
Several other instances were recounted,
and Mti. Cunningham is determined that
some improvement shall be made. She
bas even gone to the leneth of forcing
some of these indifferent land-owners to
put a price on their property at which
they will sell, and is doing her best to find
markets for them so that many of the un
employed can be put to work.
The lady is anxious for the Board of
Trade to take the initial steps in forming,
in conjunction with other mercantile or
ganizations in the interior of the county,
a Produce Exchange which shall be the
means of providing a home market for
Alameda produce. She recited several in
stances of people having to send their
goods to San Francisco, whire they were
purchased lor the home market, and
when sold in Oakland brought about two
prices. This, she asserted, is because of a
near-sighted policy that has dominated |
the construction of the municipal license
ordinances ; it is a fact that no farmer cau
sell one dollar's worth of his produce in
Oakland unless he has a license. A few
days ago a farmer was stopped at Frank
lin street and told he could go no farther
with his chickens unless be had a license.
He was prepared io sell them and make
money on them at 30 cents apiece, whereas
the majority of thorn are shipped to San
Francisco, come back to Oakland and sell
for 50 cents.
Mrs. Cunningham has really undertaken
a great and urand task, and has already
accomplished much in the short time she
has been at work. There are hundreds of
small farmers and producers in thie
county who are absolutely powerless to
bring about better times unaided. Mrs.
Cunningham isc -rtstin that with a healthy
and practical co-operation and the estab
lishment of a Produce Exchange much
can be done.
The establishment of the large creamery
near Livermore has already done much
toward keeping foreign butter out of the
market. Mrs. Cunningham declares that
$3,000,000 goes out oi California annually
for the purchase of eggs, all oi which
could be kept here. At me present time
eggs are higher in price than in any other
State, and yet hundreds of people are as
sured of a market for their produce should
they embark in this industry.
It was moved thai the suggestions and
recommendations of Mrs. Cunningham be
indorsed by the board and that the chair
man appoint a committee of five to co
operaie with the lady in establishing a
permanent exhibit of the products of the
county.
The chairman named the following com
mittee: J. W. Nelson, Craigie Sharp,
A. D. Pryal, J. Tyrrell. H. O. Trow
bridge. ________________
TO SING "MESSIAH."
Big Undertaking of the Alaiueda Choral
Socioly.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 22.— The Ala
meda Choral Society will present Han
del's oratorio "Messiah" with a chorus of
100 voices daring tlie first wee- of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
f new year. The society was organized last
I January and made its first appearance
j last June, when the "Rose Maiden" was
presented.
The officers are: J. W. Farrington,
! president; George Innis, secretary; Ed T.
j Eckert, treasurer; Ed D. Crandall, con
ductor, and Miss Mabel Jones, accom
panist.
It is the intention of the management
to secure subscriptions enough to pay ex
penses and allow subscribers and members
the choice of seats. After they are sup
plied the house will be thrown open to the
I public free of charge.
•—• — • — •
BERKELEY MEN REST.
The California Football Heroes Are
Beady for the Great Struggle—Jn
niors' Celebration.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 25.— The Uni
versity football men spent Sunday in
peace and quiet, resting for the great
struggle of next Thursday. Some of them
who live around the bay went home for
the day to visit their families; others
stayed at the training-house on Union
street the entire time, while still others
took a short ramble among the hills after
dinner.
1 heir bard, pounding work bas all been
done and the remaining three days will be
given up to lipht, secret practice and sig
nal work. The men will be given every
opportunity to rest as much as possible
from their long season of practice before
the final struggle. Tie demand for seats
has been unusually large for so early in
the season of sale, and indications point
that there will be at least 12,000 people at
the jrame if the day is clear. Accommo
dations will be provided lor 15,000. AU
the seats in the university club section are
gone, as well as all the choicest onea in
the Varsity section.
Berkeley will have the seats this year
which were occupied by Stanford at the
last game. Fifty-six covered boxes have
been provided on the west side, all of
which have been ordered. No one will be
allowed to stand this year in front of the
bleachers, as has been* the custom hereto
fore. A raised, sloping platform will be
provided for those who come in on gen
eral admission tickets and expect to
stand. Better police protection and ush
ering will also be provided.
.Junior* on the Sta_e.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 22.— Just as
soon as the excitement of the great
Thanksgiving football game and the acces
sory attractions of absorbing interest to
the university students are over, their at
tention will be directed to junior day—
the one event of the year for the ciass of
'98. To fittingly celebrate this day a
farce will be given in the afternoon at the
Macdonough Theater in Oakland, and in
the evening a grand promenade will be
held at Harmon Gymnasium on the uni
versity grounds. The farce, which is to be
the feature of the daytime celebration, is
an original production, and was written
by Walter Starr, a member of the class.
The cast will be as follows: Joshua
Paynton, a borseracing preacher. Will C.
Russell; Mrs. Eliza Paynton, his wife.
Miss Alice Marchebout; Mareery Payn
ton, hia favorite daughter, Miss Cenlennia
Barto; Elizabeth, another daughter, Miss
Agnes Knerr; Dobson Dabbard, a con
sumptive nephew, Ben Bakewell; Pete
Randy, a jockey, Will Smith; Briggs, a
poleceman, T. F. Rainey.
T. J. LACEY IS CALLED.
Has Not Yet Filed II in Acceptance With
the Vestry.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 22.— The vestry
have given Rev. T. J. Lacey, first assist
ant rector of St. Luke's Episcopal Church
of Brooklyn, N. V., a unanimous call to
accept the rectorship of Christ's Church
here. The reverend gentleman is a sin
gle youne man well known to the clergy
of San Frajcisco, where he was assistant
to toe rec ;or of St. Luke's Church.
Mr. Lacey has not yet been heard from
on the subject, hence Bishop Nichols
could not announce his acceptance At the
service to-night, as the vestry had hoped
he could. An answer was expected to the
call to-day, but di i not arrive.
SPOKE ON TEMPERANCE.
Mrs. Henrietta Skelton In the Weil
Side Chritilan 4-hurch.
The West Siae Christian Church was
crowded last evening, &a it had been
previously announced that Mrs. Henrietta
Skelton would address the congregation.
Mrs. Bkelton is an ardent worker for the
Women's Christian Temperanoe Union,
and declares that it is the only organiza
tion outside of the pulpit that teaches the
better and higher life.
She said that in every station of life
there was work for the members of the
union, and as they looked for new avenues
to enter they found many obstructions,
but nothing could deter them from com
ing to the rescue of the young. "We
have laws in our statutes to-day,'' she
said, "that never wouid have been there
had it not been for our persistent efforts,
and unless we crush the liquor traffic un
der the heel of the Christian it will crush
us.
"It is a necessity to have a union in con
nection with the church, and we should
be proud to belong to au organization thai
reaches the farthest end of the earth. It
means something to have a large constitu
ency, as this is the most wonderful society
on the face of the earth.
"We are anxious to enlarge our work, so
don't be afraid to wear a white ribbon.
Of course the fashionable people won't
wear one — they would rather wear a dia
mond rinir."
Mr?. Skelton then announced that a tab
let would be passed around the congreea
ticn, and those that wished to join the
union would please sign their names to it.
ILiere were very lew signatures seemed.
SUNDAY WITH
THE PUGILISTS
Bob Fitzsimmons Tramping
Through the Deep
Marin Mud.
How Baby Bob Takes a Run
Over the Hills With His
Big Dad.
Sharkey Flanges Along the Beach
"Scoffing" the Silthorse Breezes
Hi Loves.
Robert Fitzsimmons, who has expressed
his Intention to interview Thomas Shar
key shortly, says that Sausalito in the wet
season is not an ideal spot for pedestrian
ism. Under the rains that have fallen
since he located there for training pur
poses the roads are too muddy and the
hills too slippery for tramping. Not that
he expects to do much walking when he
gets roped in with Thomas early next
month — the naval hero tights at exceed
ingly short ranpe — but Robert desires to
be springy on hia feet that he may suc
cessfully dodge the enemy's raking fire.
Consequently while Sharkey is plunging
along the Cliff House beach "scoffing' — a
naval term for eating — the salthorse
breezes he loves so well, Fitz is plowing
hock deep in the Marin County clay and
muttering imprecations upon Corbett'a
diminished bead.
It is Corbett he wants to meet— Corbett,
the man who has been giving him a long
chase for years, he says.
"I'll hit Sharkey right in the sama
eve that the 'Pompadour' strucK," said
F~itzsimmons yesterday, "but the lick will
knock him clear out. When those ten
rounds are over my friend Sharkey will
probably go down in the 'sick bay' — I be
lieve that is «hat they call the hospital
aboard ship. But Sharkey is straigut,
and we will doubtless make it interesting
for each other when we meet, and I can't
say the same for Corbett.
"I want to get at that man for a finish
most anxiously, but he is more slippery
than these roads. If I can't get a finish
out of him I'll fight him two rounds, or
even one, if he will let that be Jong enough
till I am satisfied. Well, lam going to
take the baby out for a run ; come along."
Then Mrs. Fitzsimmons blanketted Rob*
crt Jr. against the chill of the evening and
deposited him in his small buggy, while
his big blonde dad took his station behind
the vehicle and the procession started.
'■Corbett does not want to meet me,"
said he as he guided the baby buggy care
fully around a mudhole. "I'm not say
ing this for publication only, but because
lam convinced that it is true. Champion
fighter! He's the champion faker!"
Then the long Cornisa blacksmith set
off at a swinging stride down the road at
a speed that threatened to drop the junior
into the gutter. This brought forth a
protest from Mrs. Bob, who was standing
at the gate watching the start, ana the
two Roberts struch a slower pace.
"Bob is a good nurse," said the mother,
keeping her eyes on the two till they dis
appeared round the hill, "but he forgets
that baby is not so athletic as his father.
Mr. Fitrsimmons is confident he will win
and so am I. Oh, yes, I take a great in
terest in the coming affair, and I am do
ing my part of the training. You see, I
am chief stewardess of these quarters and
prepare the food that goes on his table. I
am an old athlete myself. You remember
the Rose and Martin Julian who used to
do acrobatic and contortionist turns on
the road, don't you? That was before
Rose Julian became Mrs. Bob Fitzaim
muus."
The pugilist nad quite a reception at his
training quarters yesterday and a large
number ol clubmen and newspaper repre
sentatives witnessed his exercises. "He
strikes like the sledgehammer he used to
wield and he is as quick on his feet as a
cat. Sharkey must move speedily if be
hauls clear of those heavy lightning-like
strikes.
Tom Sharkey. "the pride of the navy,"
spent his time ysterday receiving his
friends at his quarters at the Cliff. "I
don't work on Sunday and so I have time
to see those who call out here to say 'How
do you do?' Weie there many? Well, I
should say io. There was Alex Greg
eain?, Billy Murphy and— well, what's the
use of going any further. If I could
name them all I'd keep you writing names
till 6 o'clock in the morning."
The man who is to meet Fitzsimmons
was attired in a neat, well-fitting suit of
navy blue, a heavy white swea'er and a
brown Derby bat, and as he walked up
and down in" front of his quarters or stood
talking with friends cr admirers he was
gazed at by crowds, who stood at a re
spectful distance and criticized his ap
pearance. No one who was not on speak
ing terms with him seemed to care to ap
proach him without an introduction, for
his features are such that they convey the
idea that he is distant to strangers, and
one of his friends said, "He don't kitten
to blokes that only want to chin wid him."
TO CUKE A COLD IN OXK DAT.
Take laxative ßromoQuinine Tablets. AUdrug
gisu refund the money II it falls to cure. 25c*
PIGS, TURKEYS,
GEESE UNO CASH
Some Lively Rifle-Shooting
for Prizes at Shell
Mound.
No End of Sport for the Lovers
of Rifle and Pistol
Practice.
Active Competition in the Columbia
Club for Several Valuable
Medals.
There were all kinds of target-shooting
at the Shell Mound rifle range yesterday.
Although the weather was threatening in
tlie extreme, it made but little difference
to the marksmen, who were bent upon
winning medals, cash prizes, turkeys and
pigs. Captain Siebe, the proprietor of the
park, decided that the closing of that
pleasure resort for the season sbould be
properly celebrated, and be offered a
choice collection of tnrkeys, pips and
goese as prizes. These inducements, to
gether with the other attractions, filled
the range. There was a lot of fun when
the distribution took place. Men already
burdened with heavy rifles, cartridge
cases and overcoats were obliged to shoul
der barley-sacks containing gobbling and
hissing fowls and squealing porkers. The
railroad men and ferry-boat hands looked
suspiciously on their passengers who
crossed the bay late in the afternoon.
Tickets were shot as usual on prize con
tests on the German ring target. AU 25,
24, 9 and 1 rints were good for a Thanks
giving dinner. Nearly all the winners
secured more than one prize. The follow
ing gentlemen are sure of a Fquare meal
or two the next few days. The winners
and the winning shots were as follows:
George Alpers, 24, 24, 24; J. Peters, 25, 25 ;
H. J. Wicker, 24,24; F. P. Schuster, 24, 25;
H. Vreden, 9, 24, 9; A. il. Pape, 24; Philo
Jacoby, 25, 24, 24 ; F. yon der Mehden, 24; F.
Borkmann, 25; J. Knust. 1; C. Thierbach. 24,
24. 25; J. D. Heise, 24, 24: A Jungblut.
2.V H. Placeman, 25; H. H. Burfeind, 24;
H. Stalling, 24; R. Kinking, 24; L. Bendel, 24;
J. Utschig, 24,24; H. Lilkendey, 9; E. Bush
nell, 24; C. Plach,2s.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club
held its grand annual prize shoot. Three
hundred dollars was offered in prizes;
fifteen prize«>, ranging from $2 to $20, for
the best centers, and fifteen prizes simi
larly distributed for the most points on
the small point tariret, with cash prizes
for first and last bullseyes. There were also
twelve cash prizes, from $2 to $20, shot for
on the man target. Several thousand
shots were fired in these events, and the
results will not be known until this even
ing, when the several secretaries will
have nad a chance to figure up all the
tickets shot into. The first bullseye in
the forenoon was made by F. P. Schuster,
and the last before noon by A. H. Pape.
The ttrst in the afternoon was by Philo
Jacoby, and the last by J. Utschig.
Among those highest on the man tnrget
were: L. Haake 76, George Alpers 74, Philo
Jacoby 73, A. H. Strecker 73, and D. W.
MeLaughiin 72. The distribution of
prizes will be held to-morrow evening in
Washington Hall, 35 Eddy street.
There were several hot competitions all
day yesterday in the shooting-stands oc
cupied by the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club, and the firing on the 200-yard range
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club's Ail-Comers' Re-entry
Record Rifle Medal.
did not cease as long as the black in the
target could be seen. There is a spirited
fight on for the Gliudermann military
musket medal. As the scores stood at the
end of the day F. O. Young is in the lead
on the best ten scores with a total of 463
military count on the Columbia target.
Ed Hovey gained a point yesterday, and
now has 460 to bis credit. Ue was so
fortunate as to make two dead centers in
the inch circle, for which there are casn
prizes. Centers yesterday on this match
were worth $6 apiece. F. H. Bushnell is
third on the lilt with a total of 453. Con
sidering that he has been shooting the
musket only three or four weeks he is
justly proud of his record.
On the pistol range there is a new
marksman, Charles R. Yates of Oakland.
He was introduced by Colonel S. I. Kel
logg. Mr. Yates' fancy is the revolver, and
his first efforts on a strange target caused
the older revolver-shots to recognize a
dangerous rival for medals and honors.
As t tie season draws to a close the inter
est in the Blanding pistol medal match
and 22-caliber rifle matches is increasing.
The scores made yesterday were as fol
lows:
Rifle, 200 yards, three shots, Unfred dia
mond medal— F. O. Young 11, D. W. McLaugh
lin 16.
Military rifle, Glindermann medal, ten shots
— K. Hovey 45, F. H. Bushnell 45, F. H. Pape
45.
Rifle record, ten shots— Dr. L. O. Rodgers67,
F. Kchaffer 63.
Most flogs during the month— E. Hovey
(musket) 2-, P. O. Young 3. D. W. MeLaughiin
2, Dr. L. O. Rodgers 1, A. H. Btreckerl, H.
Burfeind 1.
Pistol, ft 0 yard*, Blanding medal, three
shots, re-entry— J. E. Gorman, 7—7; T. O.
Young, 8—8; T. W. Bushnell, B—l4.
AH comers, 22-caliber rifle, Rogers medal,
five shots, re-entry — E. Jarobson, 9—9; Ed
Hovey, B— 9; Colonel S. J. Kellogg, 16; Mrs.
M. J. While. 15—16; Mrs. C. F. Walihani.
Gllnaemann lady's trophy, ton shots, 22
-caliber rifle— Mrs. M. J. White 38, Mrs. C. F.
Waltham 46.
The regular builseye shoot of the San
Francisco Schaetzen'Verein brought out a
laree attendence and several good centers
were made as shown by the measuring
machine. The prize-winners in the order
of their winning, with their scores, were
as follows:
J. deWit, 128 points; N. Ahrens 193, J. C.
Waller 220, D. B. Ftktor 249, A. Browning
328, H. Huber 485, L. B. Riwsau 48!), Otto
1.-mcke 534, Apoiarlus 534, A. Mocker
608, J. Utschip 612, L. Haake 716, J. Thode
■ 802, J. Peters 058, J. D. Heise 1001, L. Bendel
Auction Sales
COOK & CO.
• IS Kearny Street.
GORGEOUS CHIN A WARE./ .
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, .Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner ' Sets, x
ua-T AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Dally at 2 o'clock p. it , -V *
_ P. J. BARTH. Auctioneer.
P. j; BARTII AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY. Monday, Nov. 33, . 1896,
At 11 a. m.. at Salesroom,
414 MOAL.L.ISTBR ST.,
OFFICE FURNITURE, HALL SAFE, ETC.,
Without : reserve, consisting of 1 nearly new Hall
safe, cost $150; Letter Press: 1 Oak Parlor Desk-
-1 long Desk; 4 small Desna- Tables; 2 High stools;
OaK Chairs; 1 Glass Partition; 1 Track; Lockers;
Maps; ■stepladders; Carpets, etc., and many other
articles. Dealers' attention requested.
. - I*. J. B A KTH, Auctioneer.
1011, H. J. Weiker 1043. H. H. Burfeind 1048,
H. Heilberg, 1142, A. Jungblut 1155.
The attendance at the regular bullseye
shoot of the Germania Schuetzen Club for
cash prizes was well attended. Ten prizes
were shot for and won in the following
order, as shown by the measuring ma
chine:
F. H. Bushnell 417 points, L. Hftake 479,
.T. Peters 508, A. Juneblut 602, J. Tiedemunn
COS, D. B. faktor 680, A. Mocker 705, F. P.
Schuster 860, 11. H. Burfcind 897, Dr. L. O.
P.odgers 901.
The attendance of military marksmen
wus not large, but Company M sent
twenty-tive men into the shooting-stand
for their regular monthly meaal shoot.
Their score, ten shots, military target, was
as follows:
Corpora] Stroth 33, Nutter 32. Lyons 32, Fil
ler 33, CorDoral J. Maher 33, Corporal \V.
Mah«,r 38, Corporal Olmsteaa 21, Snilman 30,
Ayhens 26, Maher 27, Corporal Farnham 45,
Corporal Kelly 41, Sergeant Cobby 41, Captain
O'Neil 41, Reay 40, Scrpeant Casey 39, Nelson
39, Corporal Noycs 37, Volkmann 35, Frietts
35. Murray 27, Luge 39, Sprenger 21, J. P.
Murphy 29, Engle 40.
BATTED OUT 16 TO 1.
Alameda Alerts Outclassed Saistm Ba
players in Yesterday*
Game.
The score stood 16 to 1 from the fifth to
the eighth inning yesterday afternoon,
with the plucky little Alameda Alerts at
the big end and the Suisun baseball team
cherishing the lonely tally.
The Alerts won with the score 17 to 2,
1 and without using their last inning.
Suisun was outclassed. Only two of her
nine put up accurate ball, such as charac
terized the Alerts' play. The right field
and the pitcher were superior to their
support. Unfortunately for the speedy
pitcher his regular catcher was not oh
hand, nor was the first baseman. Their
places were occupied until the fifth inning
by two volunteer local substitutes, who
were each responsible for several costly
bad plays.
Fifteen of the seventeen runs were
scored before the first catcher was moved
to shortstop, the shortstop to first base,
the unskilful first baseman retired, a new
catcher put in, and the third baseman
changed into left field, where, though he
continued to muff with considerable regu
larity, his faults were not so costly.
Suisun's batters seemed afraid until the
latter half of the same to stand up close
to the plate and face the outcurves of
Alerts pitcher.
A pretty stop of a line drive was made
in the eighth inning by the Alert pitcher,
who carelessly tossed out his left hand and
took the Dali with an easy indifference
that delighted and surprised the specta
tors «s well as the man that made the play
that retired the side.
The Hollisiers, the famed great rivals of
Aiameda's pet?, rfli play the Alerts at
Central Park next Sunday afternoon.
Following are the summaries of yester
day's jrame:
Alerts. a.b. r. b.h. s.b. r.o. a. it.
Birds. 3b 6 1 1 a 1 1 i
Cough! in, r. f. t> 1 a 0 1 0 U
Hammond, c. 6 '~> 2 1 3 S 1
Webber, s. s 6 2 2 0 2 2 2
McKee, p. 5 2 2 2 15 0
Croll, 1 f 3 2 110 0 0
BrociiOff. lb 3 8 1 a 18 1 1
Oo!(ls\vorthy,2 b. .. 5 2 0 15 2 0
J. Hammond, c f.. 5 12 110 0
Totals. 44 16 13 '10 27 14 5
SrISUSS. A.B. B. B.K. S.B. P.O. A. X.
Crowiey, r. f. *.-... ,'»4- .0.1 0 - 6 00
O'Toole, c. &s. 5... 4 0 0 0 2 0 8
Tillman, 1 b 2 0 00 6 0 1
T. Hammond, 2 b.. 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
Bronson, s. a. &1 b. i 1 0 0 3 1 4
Roberts, 1. f... ...... 4 0 10 2 10
Chiisler, 3o 4 0 0 0.12 5
Gallagher, s. s 3 1 2 0 0 7 0
Stiltz.c.f... 3 0 110 0 0
Kelly, c 2 0.00200
Totals. .....84 2 7 1 24 IS I*3
BBSS BY INNIKOS. '
Alerts. 6 0 2 6 10 0 1 •— lB
Base hits 3 0 2 3 10 2 2 *— 13
Sulsuns 0 00010010— a
Base hits 0 1101112 o—7
Earned runs— Alerts 1. Two-base hits—Couch
lan, Carroll, Gallagher. Sacrifice hits— Croll. Golds
worthy, Cloole. Base on errorg— Alerts 7, Bui
suns 3. Base oa bal s— Alerts 2. Left on bases-
Alerts 7, Kulsuns 5. Struck out— By McKee 3, by
Gallagher i!. lilt by pitcher— Brochoff. Passed
balls— O'Toole 1, Kelly 1. Doubly play— Brochoff
toGoldswortln-. Umptro-James McDonald. At
tendance 1400.
HANDBALL COURTS.
Two Exciting and Closely Contested
Game* Flayed in Which Nealon
and Donnelly Participated.
Several exciting games were played in
the San Francisco Handball Court yester
day. The chief interest centered in two
games in which J. C. Neaion and P. T.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, par
ticipated. In the first, Neaion ana R.
Linehan, the overhand swiper, defeated
Donnelly and J. Feeney in a close and ex
citing finish. Neaion and Donnelly
then played together against Line
han and Feeney, and the two lat
ter won the final by only one ace. To the
surprise of the spectators D. Rodgers and
L. Corraine defeated G. McDonald and
Phil Ryan, as the two latter had been
talking about havine an "easy thing."
Owinc to the wet weather no games
were played in the Union Court, which is
uncovered. The court has passed into the
hamJs of its former proprietor, "Billy"
McManus, who promises to bring it up to
its previous popularity.
Following were the games played in the
San Francisco Court :
R. Shea and H. Moffltt defeated P. Barrett
and J. Branniclc, 21—14, ltt— 2l, 21—19; T
Sullivan and C. ward defeated Doc Molloy and
T Regan, 21-12. 15-21. 21-17; D. Rodgers
and L. Corraine defeated a. McDonald and P
Ryan, 21—13, 15—21, 21—20; P. Ryan and O*
McDonald defeated W, MeLaughiin and D
Rodgera.2l— ll, 16—21, 21—19; il. McLaugh.l
lin and E. Curl, y defeated M. McClure and \V
Hamilton, 21—13, 15—21, 21—19; M. Edwards
and M. McClure defeated W. Stansbury and W
Hamilton, 21—13, 16—21, 21—20; J, White
and J. Collins defeated K. Murphy and X Toy
21-12, 14-21, 21-18; J. C. Neaion and X.'
Lineban defeated P. T. Donnelly and J Fee
ney, 21—15. 17-21. 21—19; R. Linehan and
J. Feeney defeated J. C. Neaion and P T
Donnelly, 21— 16, 18— 21, 21— 20.
I££o9i mm RESTORED&S'
T^ <^' V\ WV* 25? is r ttonoi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all Her-
\> V jCJI) vV> "\T ? ous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood.
S iSfift/ VI ->C«J) Insomnia JPalns In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility
l|% T Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varieocele and
'*:X'.'/ V ••■-/■■• Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
XiA-.':-.*; >»^U/ : ness of discharge, wnlen If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORL (nd AFTER " thahorroM of Impotenry. Cl[ri»ll>E»E cleanses theUver, the
-.- v nt mno ." rlt "" kidneys and the urinary organs of all Imparities. .--■- •
CUPn»BHE strengthens and restores small weak organs.- •- - '
• The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c?nt are troubled with
Pro«t»tlU». DENE is the only kno>*n reined/ to euro without an opt ration. 5000tfsiimcal«
, als. A written Guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a Dermanenteum.
|U» a box, six for by mail, Send for circular aad testimonials, • ,~ .
Address DATOL, MEDICINE CO..' 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. . For sale by
,; BROOKS' PHARMACY, 118 Powell stre«t
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE! }
&& £an fca» fc*
BY ORUKR OF CREDITORS.
..■.'.WK.Wltl. SELL....
CONTENTS OF LIVERY STABLE,
31 It SIXTEENTH ST. ; U. VALENCIA,
. - THIS DAY.
Monday.,, November 33, 1806.
At 11 o'clock a. st >
Stock consists of 40 Horses (Including 1 Fine
Black Single- footer. Extra Flue . Black Hack
Team), 8 Hacks, 8 Surreys. 2 Bockaways, 20
Buggies, 1 Depot Bus, 6 Carts, 6 Wagons, Har-
ness, s-add:es. Robes, etc. Also Office Furniture,
Goodwill of Business, Lease, etc. • : -1-- .
• The above stock will be positively sold to the
highest bidder, without reserve • ■
; BCIXIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
" ■", Office, 327 Sixth st.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST-WAGONS, BUGGIES, CARTS
AND HARNESS OF EVERY DE-
SCRIPTION, both New and
Second-band. ■
NO OFFER REFUSED
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
MADIOAX A CO.
J. L. BARDWELL
AND HIS CLOCK
He Threatens to Remove It
From the Golden Gate
Park Museum.
Its Position Was Changed by
Order of Director-General
de Young.
School Children at the Cliff Baths.
Two Balloon Ascensions From
Haight-Street Grounds.
John L. Bardwell was one of the many
who were in the museum in Golden Gate
Park yesterday, but he was not pleased —
in fact,, he was mad. The reason for his
anger was that in hi 3 opinion he had not
been treated with the consideration that
he believes he is entitled to as a donor of
{ curios.
Mr. Bardwell, who is an enthusiastic
collector, has already donated many relics
to the museum and promised many more.
He has donated so many that they have
all been placed in one room and over it is
the inscription, "Bardwell's Curiosity
Shop." Some time ago he expressed hi 3
dislike of the large clock that for two
years had occupied a place on the north
side of the vestibule and said he would re
place it with a handsomer one. He was
as good as his word, and sent out one
twelve feet in height, which originally
i cost $'250. This clock is a fine one and he
■ said that he would donate it with the un-
I d&rstanding that it should occupy the
I place of the old one, and it was put in po
sition. Yesterday when he visited the
I museum ne discovered that it had been
moved into a corner, where it was out of
sight. He asked how it came to be placed
there, ana the answer was, "By order of
Mr. de Young."
Mr. Bardwell in no uncertain tone of
voice said: "That clock has not yet been
donated, and if it is not put back where it
belongs, in pie place of De Young's
picture, I willtake it away and cease any
lurther donations to the museum."
When questioned in regard to this inci
dent Mr. Bardwell stated that he did not
care to talk about the matter at this time,
and added: "All I will say is that the
clock goes back or it goes out."
A portion of the park force is engaged
at this time in thinning out the forest
trees in different parts of the park. "We
are obliged to do this every now- and
then," said Superintendent McLaren,
"for the trees must hay- light, air and
room in which to develop."
There was not a very large crowd at the
beach and Sutro baths until late in the
afternoon. There were the usual attrac
tions in the baths, which furnished enter
tainment. The offer of the management
to admit school children free on Satur
days has met with a response beyond ex
pectation, the young ones attending in
large numbers.
The biggest outdoor crowd was in the
Haight-street grounds, the great attrac
tion there being two balloon ascensions-
C. W. Vosmer made a successful ascent
at 4 o'clock, and after remaining up about
ten minutes cut away and came down
with his parachute at Hayes and Gough
streets. The balloon was inflated again at
5 o'clock, and was sent up with Ernil
Markeburg at the parachute, but he did
not go up, for some one had cut the rope
that connected the parachute with the in
flated sphere, so that only a thread re
mained. When the weieht of the para
chute and the balloonist forced against
this shred it parted and Markeburg
tumbled to the ground. The balloon was
coon recovered and inflated again, and a
very fine ascent and parachute drop was
the result. This was at 5:50 o'clock, and
as the aeronaut came down '.he search
light was thrown on him, and as be was
enveloped in a bright glare there were
many who were under the impression
that they were looking at the airship.
MarKebarg was voted the more graceful
aeronaut.
mew to-dat;
Perfect Gail Borden
mfant Eagle Brand
Food Condensed Milk
"Infant Health," is a little book of
great value that is sent FKEE on appli-
cation.
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, New York
y^V Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i «%fl^ *'-•'* KEABXY J*T. Established
t^^^^^kin 18S14 for the treatment of Private
|B/VJ^B Dlseaoes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
6? S^#®a disease wearingon bodyandmlndand
t«3fl!9Bxß »kin Diabases. The doctor cures when
j^j ISgSKoSy others fall. Try him. ■ Charges low.
H<nif«i:uBrnn(ciil. . Callorwri&e.
Sr.J. ft. ufBBON. JBoxlo37.;Sani'rancisc«i
910
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
In place of an emergency call in San
Francisco the military authorities con
sidered the suggestion of calling out
National Guardsmen to co-operate with
the police in resisting an imaginary at
tack. The rainy weather caused one post
ponement of the plan, and according to
gossip in guard circles the Governor and
Adjutant-General caused the plan to be
abandoned entirely. It is easy enough for
spectators to perceive that perfect har
mony does not exist in the National
Guard. Subordinates busy themselves too
much in running to the Governor and
Adjutant-General when orders from the
division or brigade do not accord with
their notions. Too many, apologies are
being made for the enlisted men of the
Guard— more than they desire. Since
the reports telegraphed from San Diego
indicated that half the Guard would die
of exposure if called out for active service
with the present equipments, veterans in
the service of the State do not care to be
regarded as tender plants ready to perish
as soon as removed from a warm atmos
phere.
Colonel Frank W. Sumner is again in
active service. He has been appointed
colonel and inspector of the staff of
Major-General James. Colonel Sumner
held the position of paymaster-general on
the staff of Governor Markham. He is
well up in military tactics and takes a
deep interest in National Guard affairs.
Marion M. Ogden of Los Angeles has
been commissioned lieutenant - colonel
and A. D. C. on the staff of Governor
Budd. Colonel Ogden as a commissary
officer some years ago performed his duty
in a manner so higliiy creditable that he
was specially mentioned in reports to the
War Department.
George W. Pipr>y has been commis
sioned lieutenant-colonel on the staff of
the commander-in-chief, to succeed Lieu
tenant-Colonel \V. J. Younger.
First Brigade.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Nov. 19.—
The war is over, the battle won and Com
pany Seventh Regiment, is home again,
safe, sound and happy. The emergency
call came last Saturday (November 14). at
1:45 P. m. In just one hour and forty- fire
minutes forty-live men had reported for
duty, some of them having been sum
moned from a distance of six miles, and
were in line ready to march. Every man
was in heavy marching order, with
blanket, canteen filled with water, haver
sack containing one day's rations, con
sisting of bread, meat, beans, coffee, salt
and pepper; kuiie, fork, spoon, tin cup
and meat-ration can, twenty rounds of
ball cartridges and his rifle, as per instruc
tions from superior headquarters.
The streets in and around the armory
were crowded with people asking ques
tions, wondering what it all meant and
many of them commending the boys for
their prompt response to the call. The
old Grand Army men were everywhere in
the crowd, some of tnem coming into the
armory to watch the boys making their
preparations and best of all cheering them
as they marched away— where, none of
them knew or hardly asked.
Promptly at 3:30 p. m. the command was
marched out to the street by Lieutenant
Sloat and turned over to Captain Goff.
Fours right, march; the men swing into
place and the company is off. Down E
street and out into the open country over
a dusty and very sandy road for nearly
rive miles, then up through Riche Can
yon for three miles to the Heron ranch,
where they arrived at 6:25 p. m. No time
was lost in pitching camp. Four men from
each squad were detailed to procure wood
and water and four to pitch the tents. At
7 o'clock every tent was in place, fires
lighted and supper well under way. A
temporary guard was thrown out immedi
ately upon arrival, and every man buckled
to bis work with a will. Company G of
Redlands arrived about 7:15 p. m., and M
of Riverside at 9 P. m. Guard was mounted
as soon as all the companies were in camp
and every one settled a own to rest and
Bleep at 10:45 p. m., when taps were blown.
The regular routine of camp duties was
taken up in the morning. No time was
given for recreation, but all stood up to
their work like soldiers. Camp was struck
at 2:45 p.m. It was an inspiring sight.
At the last note of retreat a shot was fired
as a signal to strike tents, and in just five
minutes every tent was • own, rolled, tied,
and with the poles loaded in the wagons.
It was quick work, but old X can do quick
work when necessary.
The homeward march was commenced
at 2:55 P. m., ana in just two hours and
nine minutes. Company X was in its
armory, having covered the eight miles
without a mishap or accident of any Kind
and every man carrying his entire equip
ment as on the outward march. Not a
word of complaint was heard from any
man during the outing, and the fact that
forty-one of the forty-five men who made
the trip reported at roll-call on Monday
evening Is the best evidence that the men
were in first-class condition upon tneir ar
rival home.
The emergency call was a success so far
as Company X is concerned, and there is
no doubt that it will eventually re
dound to the benefit of the entire guard.
It has certainly shown how badly they are
in need of blankets and overcoats, and it is
to be hoped they will be furnished with
out unnecessary delay. Ad a walkist Cap
tain Goff can take the belt.
Camp Berry developed any number of
cood cooks, for a cook must be good who
car. eat his own creations.
Lieutenants Sloat and Seccombe came
up smiling at every watering place. .
Corporal Irving says the muddy river is
not in it with this trip.
Private Lyster iorgot his white vest, so
could not mash queen bees.
Major J. W. F. Diss. inspector/First
Brigade, camped with the men, and his
jeport will be anxiously looked for.
Major Frank C. Prescott was in com
mand of the camp,. with Lieutenant Higby
as battalion adjutant.
Second' Brigade.
The Second Brigade was not included in
the emergency call. It seems that repre
sentations were made to the division
general that so many of the First Regi
ment's men were employed in retail mer
cantile houses that a general response to
a Saturday night call for duty would seri
ously interfere with their employment.
Men who know the First Regiment under
stand that tbe organization is ready at any
time to respond to a call for duty.
Capta.n Jenks, Troop A, cavalry, and
his troopers are ready to meet any com
petition that may come in the form of
another mounted company in San Fran
cisco. The captain reports the troop in
firdt-class condition. Some excellent ma
terial has recently been recruited. During
the past week a youne gentleman who
was closely identified with the crack
cavalry troop in New York joined Cap
tain Jenks' company. Other enlistments
equally gratifying have been recorded.
The trooper? are in the National Guard
and propose to hold the leading place.
Colonel William Macdonald. First In
fantry, has gone north on a leave of ab
sence, and Lieutenant-Colonel Victor D.
Dnboce is in command of the regiment.
The chief topic of interest in the regiment
is the selection of 100 men to shoot for a
trophy in competition with an equal num
ber of men from the Hawaiian National
Gnard.
Companies C and G of the First In
fantry achieved a great success with their
minstrel show at the Ellis-street Armory
last Wednesday evening. Tne cash re
ceipts will materially replenish the treas
ury. The "Nationals'* are anxiously
awaiting the revised Infantry Drill Regu
lations, which may be officially issued
from the War Department early in De
cember.
Company G, Fifth Infantry, Alameda,
on Thursday evening laai, elected Lieu
tenant M. W. Simpson captain, vice
Chipnian resigned; " Private Charles
Pickett was elected lieutenant, vice Simp
son promoted. Major D. S. Dorn, judge
advocate, presided at the election.
PETALUMA, Cal.. Nov. 19.— Company
C, Fifth Infantry, gave their first formal
hop last Monday evening, which was well
attended, the soldiers being first put
through the regular weekly drill, then
divided into squads and turned over to
the corporals for skirmish drill, after
which came the dancing.
P. C. Peters, a drill master of the San
Francisco Police Department, was here
the other day and wouid like to arrange a
shooting match between a team of the
City police and a team from Company C,
which event would undoubtedly create
much interest.
The members of Company C have been
expecting a^ sudden call for a promised
emergency drill, and during some testing
of the new electric light machines the
whistles sounded as warning to linemen
at work caused some of the members of
the company to drop their work instanter
and make a rush for the armory, only to
find they were not expected. 80 they are
still on the lookout lor the signal.
Tne new riding club met during the
week and formed a temporary civil or
ganization by electing Captain E. G.
Eisen as temporary president and Captain
J. A. Margo as temporary vice-president.
The committee on membership has
passed upon thirty-eight applications and
has still seventeen to act upon. It is ex
pected that seventy-five men will be en
rolled at the end of the month, when the
permanent organization will be effected.
Until suitable quarters can be obtained
it is proposed to rent reoms for the use of
the organization, and in the meantime the
Veteran Corps has kindly tendered the
use of its rooms in the Flood building.
The committee on membership will meet
there on Wednesday evening to act upon
applications submitted.
In case the organization is mustered
into the guard it is the intention of the
members to have weekly mounted drillb
and the men thoroughly instructed aa
cavalry.
Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 21.— 0n the
whole the emergency call of last Monday
ni^ht was by no means a glaring success,
and has by no means met with the unqual
ified approbation of the officers and men.
In the first place the night chosen was un
suitable, being dark and rainy. Again, it
was the beginning of the week, and many
of the men were tired out with their day's
work. Again, many complain that six
hours' notice was given in which to turn
out in, and they claim that that is time
enough to enlist and thoroughly eqaip a
regiment.
It seems to be the opinion of the major
ity that emergency calls in the future
should be issued on Saturday night after
the men have concluded their week's
work, and that the men should be
marcbed out into the country and camped,
returning on Sunday. This would meet the
approval of all and would result in good at
tendance, as all are ambitious to improve
and tit themselve-i for active duty. Com
pany E, who are rapidly becoming the
crack company, turned over 90 per cent at
the emergency call. Company G did
nearly as well, but Troop B had a very
slim attendance, but little more than half
of the members being present; but this
can be nccounted for by the fact that the
men knew that their saddles were under
repair, and, considering the long-time no
tice given, were assured that it was only a
drill.
The emergency call has demonstrated
the fact that some system should be per
fected whereby the men could be notified
on shorter time. As it is, notification
must be made by word of mouih, and
there are many things which delay the
messengers. A larse number of the men
work in the railroad shops, and a pass has
to be obtained to enter the gate and get
word to them. This subject is now under
discussion by the officers ingeneral, and
ideas will be advauced which will be
brought up hereafter. One of the plans is
a certain call to be given by the Fire De
partment, another flags to be displayed at
certain points, etc. Troop B turned out
fifty-three strong at their regular drill
night. They were the only ones fully
equipped at (he last emergency call, as
they bad a day's provisions loaded in a
wagon with their tents, etc.
Captain T. B. Hali, ex-captain of Com
pany G, has been lying at death's door for
some time, but is now rapidly recovering.
He was >uffuring from heart trouble and
a complication of other ailments.
The Signal Corps established stations at
Auburn and Sacramento last Sunday and
signaled successfully, although the
atmosphere was rather murky. They had
picked out two stations which would have
made a straight range of ninety-two
miles, but changed their plans because of
the condition of the air. They will at
tempt the ninety-two-mile experiment a
week from Sunday and expect to establish
a record for the coast.
Those who went to Auburn Sunday
were Lieutenant Martin, Sergeant Wai
kins and Private Strachauer. The Sacra
mento station was conducted by Sergeants
Bailey ai»d Howard Martin, with the re
mainder of the squad.
The corps will give their first annual
ball at Armory Hall Tuesday evening, De
cember 1; expect "large time."
At the emergency call the corps turned
out all tbeir men with the exception of
one man who was sick and one who was
out of town.
Tney are pleased with the appropria
tions to be asked for by the adjutant
general, for though they are well equipped
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
with the exception of overcoats, blankets,
field glasses and telescopes, they wish to
make ttieir corps the champion of the
United States.
Already they have begun talking of
plans, one of which is in case of the ap
propriation of |80,000 passing the Legisla
ture for camping expenses, to establish a
line of stations daring one of the encamp
ments, and in conjunction with the rest
of the corps of the State, try signaling
from the Oregon to the Mexican lines.
This it successful will be the greatest
achievement of this method of smalm«
MODESTO. Cal., Nov. 18.— The third
Sunday in every month is the day set
apart for the regular monthly company
target practice of Company D, Sixth
Infantry.
Last Sunday, November 15, being the
third Bunday, the company responded by
sending thirty men to the range, whose
average scores amounted to thirty, two
men falling below twenty, eight below
thirty, eighteen below forty, two over
forty and under forty-five.
The range occupied by the company at
the present time, although not the best
m the State, yet will compare with the
best.
Company D at last muster and inspec
tion ranked as one of the lowest in the
State — not from lack of proper material,
but from lack of interest That interest
which was lacking is being supplied Dy
the newly elected captain, D. W. Morris.
He is alive to the best interests of the
company. On regular drill-nights he is
first in the armory and last to leave. To
see the captain work for the advanoement
of the company one not knowing would
think he was receiving the pay of a cap
tain in the regular army.
Monday afternoon tne long-looked-for
emergency cali put in its appearance
through the Western Union office. The
sergeants were notified to have their
squads in the armory at 8 p. m.,
equipped in heavy matching order, and to
report absentees, where they were and the
bhortest and longest possible time it would
take to bring tnein together.
At 8 o'clock their reports were filed with
the company officers, which in brief are as
follows, summarized: Present, 30 officers,
non-commissioned officers ana privates.
Absent, 21 officers, non-commissioned offi
cers and privates who couid be cahed
lrom the fields where they are at work in
side of from one to live huurs' time. Ab
sent 5 who are outside of the regimental
boundary. Owing to the fatal lack of
blankets and overcoa's the company did
not leave town, as the weather looked
squally.
At iast inspection Company I) of the
Sixth was one of the lowest in figures of
merit. At next inspection the leaJiug
companies want to look "a leetie oudt."
There has been new fife and interest
stirred among the men, which is beinn
kej;t at fever heat by a rivalry among
them to excel each other in drilling and
shooting.
The expense for silver and bronze bars
will be increased next year, if present In
dications count for anything iv this com
pany.
MERCED, Cal., Nov. 18.— Captain
Graham received orders at 2 o'clock Mon
day afternoon to assemble his company
at tbe armory at 8 o'clock in the evening
in heavy marching order with tents and
one day's rations. While the order was
unexpected it had long beeu provided fur
as near as could be done in advance. Cap
tain Graham had previously laid out the
duty of each man in such an event, and
written directions for each department of
the work to be done were ready in the
office desk. The non-com ruis.-iuiied offi
cers were immediately notified, who, in
turn, warned their squads of the duty to
be performed.
From the nature of the order, and the
fact that the first brigade had taken the
field a few days before, it was supposed
that further orders would be received
which would send the boys into the field
for the night at least, but instead orders
were received to dismiss the company
after an inspection by Lieutenant Smith.
Upon the receipt of the original order, and
the notification of the non-commissioned
officers, a squad was put at work in tbe
armory packing tents and camp equipage
ready for a movement, anti rations were
broucht in from an adjoining provision
store. Another detail of men prepared
the haversacks, canteens, meatcans, tin
cups and blankets for issue to the men as
soon as they arrived. At 4 o'clock every
thing was ready to be moved, and at 8
o'clock forty-two out of the fi ty-one men
on the company's rolla were standing in
line in heavy marching' order, with twenty
five rounds ot ammunition in their ihirii
ble-belts awaiting further orders. Lieu
tenant Smith inspected the company, and
after a short drill it was dismissed.
The call gave Captain Graham an op
portunity that he was anxious fcr in order
to thoroughly test the arrangements he
had made for a sudden call and see what
flav.s there were in them or where im
provements could be made. It speaks
well for the captain and hi 3 assistant in
the arrangements that everything worked
so smoothly. Some of the men were at so
great a distance that they could not have
been reached in time for the assembly,
being at Fresno, Modesto, Watsonviile
and in the mountains. Two members
came in sixteen miles and two others
about twelve miles and reported for duty.
The company is well provided with blan
kets, but if it had been ordered into the
field for the night the men would have
suffered because of a lack of overcoats.
There are not a sufficient number belong
ing to the company to clothe the guard
on such an occasion as this.
Troop C Cavalry.
SALINAS, Cal., Nov. 20.— The emer
gency call sent to the National Guard of
Calilornia brought out Troop C in short
order, notwithstanding many of the mem
bers of Troop C live in the country several
miles and could not be reached by tele
phone or telegraph. Sixty members of
the troop oat of seventy-three members
were in line ready for marchine orders at
4P. M., Saturday. This, considering that
the telegraphic order did not reach Salinas
until nearly noon on Saturday, was rapid
work. Four members of the troop were
in San Francisco at the time and two over
fifty miles south, so that in reality only
seven members of the troop whom it was
po-sible to reach were not there, and these
seven were excused.
If every company of the National Guard
responded so promptly as Troop C ir
would not take long to prepare the citizen
soldiery for battle. The troop marched
rive miles into the country, the time re
quired on the march being exactly one
hour and fifteen minutes both going and
returning. The night was one of the worst
of the season, being very cold and windy,
yet the boys seemed to enjoy the novel ex
perience of life in camp. Tliey returned
to town at 1:15 p. m., Sunday. All the
commissioned officers of the troop were on
hand, and Captain Burke was more than
pleased with the showing made by the
troop.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai_—
730 Market street,- open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB— Montgomery itreeu
•orner City; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and ' Mission streets, op«»
■mil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. op»n until 9:30 o'clock.
KOTICIi Oi>" JIILIiXOS.
»^^» KING SOLOMONS LODGE No. m
*-^ 260. F. and A. M., corner Geary and A
steiner sts.— Called meeting I HIS (JIOX-YV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, second /^r^
degree. By oraer of the Mast<r.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
Wpx* OCCIDENIAL LODGE No. 22, •
F. and A. M— Called meeting for Mk
THIS (MO.NDAY) EVENING at 7:3o*Xjf
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the /^r>
W. M. EDW. F. DEL'iEU, Sec.
XS 1 MASONIC HALL ASSOCIATION —
m^£'. Stockholders' meeting. .Notice is. hereby
Riven that the annual meeting of . the stock-
holders of ' the Masonic ,-■ Hall . AFSocla'.lon of
the City of - " San • Francisco, for the •■!.-(■-
tion of . nine trustees and :a . treasurer, . will be
held in the < Masonic Temple, In the city of : San
Francisco, on . MONDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber, 1896. ■ Polls > will ' be open from 12 if. until 3
r. M. GEO. JOHNSON, Secretary. «
SPECIAL NOTICES.
VZsS' GAS FIxTFrXs^M^D^^cTTJkDKR?
»-=' cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BfZS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
•-^ collections made, city or conntry. • Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Mont— su. room 6. Tel. 658 iX
SITUATIONS \\ AJdKI>-n(IUU.
OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A SITU A-
X tlou to assist with housework and children;
wages $10 10 $12. Apply to MRS. HIRD, 721
Ellis su ____'
(COMPETENT COOK WISHES A SITUATION;
J understands German and American cooking;
'- years' reference from last place. Apply to MRS,
HIRD, 721 Kills. ' - ■ . -'.-■ ••-■
EASTERN COOK, 3 YEARS' REFERENCES;
first-class American, French and German
cooks: laundress; second girls; French and Ger-
man nurses and maids: 'all with first-class refer-
ences call at LEON Ar«DRE, 315 Stockton sU
IVIRsT-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
I situation: 3 years last place; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. '
AEB.MAS EMPL YMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VX son st , furnishes best help of all nationalities.
IDDLE-AGKD, good, strong woman,
and Knows how to work: Is honest and steady;
is a tine housecleaner and laundress, would like a
few more days' work, or go steady in a good home;
small family": small wash; is all alone; is gieatly
in need of work. Please call Immediately 252* A
Third St., room 3. V
EAMSTRES3, GOOD CUTTER AND FiTTER,
0 would like place in family; would assist with
cbamberwork; good references. Address Seam-
-tress, box 44, C.ill Office. -
GOOD INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN WOMAN
" f wants place to do r chamberwork and help In
the kitchen; boarding-house or hotel; 677^ Mis-
sion st.
BLE GERMAN WOMAN BY THE DAY;
laundrywork and housecleauing; price $1.
Address MRS. BROWN. 911 V3 Mission St.
OMPKTKNT COOK WIHES SITUATION
) in private family or would do general house-
work. Call at 738 Howard at.
WOMAN WANTs SEWING TO DO AT
TT home: clean* and repairs clothing. 114
Fourth st., room 15.
WOMAN. I■, a good LAUNDRESS, SEAM-
ff s reM and would like to make herself gener-
ally useful, wan a situation in private fami'y.
O. L.. box 166. this office.
GERM A N~lTfL~»Y ; 1 a SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework and plain cooking or to
take care of children. Call at 257 Natoma su,
bet. Third and * our.h.
V OUNG SWEDISH GIRL DESIRKS A
X. position 10 do ceueral housework. 1229 Mis-
sion st., Swedish church.
A GRKEABLE VOUN.i WOMAN WITH
-TV child wishes a position as housekeeper; city
or country; references; no triflers. Address
MRS. K. M.. box 147, Call office.
X*> PiCTAhLE GIRL WOULD LIKK A PO-
-ii sttionto do light housework. Please call or
address 7 Franklin »v, near Market.
I^OMPKTkNT AMERICAN GIRL FOR GEN-
\J eral housework. Call or address 3 Maitha
place, above Mason sU
il SWEDISH GIRLS WANT A PLACE: 1 UP-
— ' liars and the other cook: Call 152 a Bush st.
POSITION AS COOK BY AN AMERICAN:
J. country hotel. Institution or boarding-house. 4
Martha place, off Geary, bet. Mason and Taylor.
SWKDISH MIDDLE- WOMAN; IS A
k_> first-class cook and houseworker; can take full
chare«. Call or address in care of MRS. NORTON,
Swedish Employment Bureau. 315 Sutler st.
~y OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
i. companion and to do some light work or
take care of grown children. Call 1122 Golden
Gate aye.
/ ' irl, 15 YEARS OF age, wishes a situ"-
VJ aiion in a nice family to assist in housework.
Plase Inquire, t-lther Sunday or Monday, 1001 a
Dolores si., corner of Twenty -third.
Y«kNO GIRL, 15 YEARS, LARGE FOR HER
-i- age, would like a place in bakery or notion-
-1 ore of any kind. Address 3100 LagunasU
\"fx«; WOMAN DESIRES PLACE TO AS-
-•- slst with ligni work and do dressmaking; un-
derstands -II cutting, fitting, draping and design-
»ng; »3 per week. Call Monday at 512 Larkln »v
COM I'LTEsT WOMAN vVIsH.s A PLACE
' us first-class cook in a private family or lirsi-
clasH boarding house. Address D. V., 91 Ninth su
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
second girl; wages $25 per month: references.
Call 1003 Leavenworth si.
BY A LADY OF REFINEMENT, A POSITION
as seamstress in private family or companion
to invalid lady. Call at 2232 Post su, Monday.
Tuesday. Wednesday, beu 10 a. m. and 3 P. 11.
CM. KLDERI.Y WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
I housekeeper, seamstress, wishes situation im-
mediately. Add. MRS. W., box 133, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— A SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEP-
TT er by a thorough, systematic American
woman; can manage any position where a woman
of worth Is wanted; is a Protestant and above mid-
dle age; references. Call at 204 Turn au
WOMAN WOULD LIKE HOME WITH OLD
•f peop c in exchange for services: no objections
to country. Call at once, 613 Mission st., room 7.
YOLN'ti COLORED WOMAN FROM THE
X South would list- a situation as cook or In a
doctor's office; first-class references. Address D.
P., box 164. Call Office.
RENSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
day in families, or work taken home: terms
$1 per day; or would work with dressmaker. Ad-
dress 655 Harrison st , off Third.
1 EKM A \ WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
VI the day washing. ironing or housedeaning.
Address 602 Howard sU
\y ANTED— BY FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAK-
TT er a few more engagements by the day-
terms #1 60. Address P. M.. 43 Elgin Park.
V 61 NG LADY. LNDEBIANUINO SEWING,
X. wants work with dressmakers; moderate Day.
MISS DAVIS. 1004 Larkln St.
CtOMPKTKNT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
/ wishes to do washing, Ironing, cooking or
housedeaning by the day : best references. MRS
CURTIS. 3367 Twenty-sixth su. near Mission.
"X I IDDLK-AGEU Wo MAN WANTS SITU A-
ill tion as first-class cook In small hotel, board-
ing-house or private family, or general housework;
references: city or country. Address M. A., box
*9, Call Office. V
COLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GO
V out today work of any kind, or will take wash-
ing at home. Address lHi/2 Morey alley, between
Stockton and Powell and Broadway and Vallejo.
COMPETENT NEAT YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
) wishes a situation for housework; good cook;
wages $20; Oakland or Berkeley; references. Ap-
ply 630 Ninth st., Oakland.
KESPKCTABLK WOMAN WOULD LIKE PO-
sicion as working housekeeper; is good cook,
and fonq of children. address H. H., box 67, Call.
Wl DOW WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
ff working bouaekeepeer in small family or
widower's home. is6svij Market St., room 18.
Tj-'OR BEST HELP OF ALL NATIONALITIES
1 call or address Scandinavian Employment Of-
fice, 107 O'Farrell st.
M '"ELL-EX PER W iMAS WISHES
TT a position as a nurse or housekeeper; Is a good
seamstress, hrst-class references. M. W., 21 Van
Ness aye.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X- as housekeeper; city or country. Apply 117
Eddy st., room $1.
\K! IN CUE* 1 KR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
II Market: 200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable:
Jiee bus ana baggage to and irom the ferrr.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _ TH_"
-A. WEEKLY CALL. In wraoper. for malUn*
_ITUA__O.\_ U ANT_.IJ-__A__-
(> ERMXiTwifo "uIs'DERSTANrji"GARDEin
VJ InK, the care of bones, can milk, etc., wishes
situation around private place: best references. L.
ANDRE, 315 sio Cl vtonst. . -
UN T X & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office, 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. YOUNG, mgt
pHINF.SB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
pHINESK JAPANESE: KST'D. 20 YEARS:
V,; help ;tel. main 1997. BRADLEY— CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
BU Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy su : tel. Main 5234.
OUNG MAN (AMERICAN) WISHES POST-
X. tlon; can give eood California references; best
of habits; moderate wages. Address C. M., box
132. Call Office. - . • :-.-
Baker foreman, who UNDERSTANDS
all kinds of bread i and cake, wishes situation;
city or country. 19 Zoest., beu Third and Fourth,
Bryant and Brannau. •■•...'
yOUNG AMERICAN WISHES. SITUATION
X as assistant bookkeeper or stenographer; wages
moderate. D. 2., box 163, this office.
T/IRST-CLASS BARBER WANTS STEADY
X- work. Address Reliable, box 24, Call Office.
DISHWASHER WANTS WORK. 2. XT
XJ box 169, this office. ...
EXPERIENCED: MAN AND WIFE WISH
XJ positions 10 do chau>berwor_. Address E. L.,
box 159, this office. -
Cv R P N TEk WANTS WORK: IS AN EX-
pert on leaky roofs and skylights; repairing
■Id work a specialty. Address Carpenter, box
151, Call Office. ■
C ITUATION WANTED BY A MECHANIC,
O capable of doingmostall repairs fora building;
will do most anything; reference. M., box 84,
Call Office.
anted - steady" work~by~Young
" : man (German) to wash dishes, assist in cook-
Ing, housework or other work: city or country.
Please address H. MILLER, «31 Sacramento su,
room 85.
iy ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN - (GERMAN)
tt with some experience, place to wait at table;
small wages. Please address H. F.. box 101, t all.
WANTED— A POSITION IN WHOLESALE
tt house by industrious young man: willing to
start from the bottom and work up; best of refer-
ences from last employer:. will give any one $50
in gold coin for stead 7 place. Address D. C, box
118, call office.
JAPANESE .SCHOOLBOY WANTS A PLAC_:
O speaks English well. GEORGE, 22 Prospect
place. •;., ■'.'""
Situation wanted by all-around
butcher: , city •: or 3 country good references.
Apply J., box la, Call Office. .
SITUATIONS WASTED-ContlnnH^
EASTERN .MAN, WILLING TO WOUK FOX
X-i small wages, desires situation in private family;
understands driving aad care of horses. Address
Coachman, box 40. Call Office.
XI AN AND WIFE; (EASTERN PEOPLE),
m • private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds; wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. 8., box
39, Ca'L
LIRST-CLASS JOINER WANTS SITUATION
X in gentleman's house as janitor and to take care
of woodwork and furniture A. F. FRANK, 1715
O'Farrell sU .
I FRENCHMAN, GOOD GARDENER, WANTS
situation; understand to drive and take care of
horses- Address R. H.. 231 Montgomery aye.,
\V r ORK OF ANY KIND WANTED BY AN
• •f . Eastern man in whole-ale or retail house. Ad-
dress WM. TAMS, 1059 Howard su
GJ.KRMAN, GOOD GARDENER. CAN MILK,
1 driv». etc.. wishes private place; good refer-
enc«s. 315 Stockton st.
TNMATE OF GOOD TEMPLARS' HOME FOR
-I- Orphans, boy 14 years of age, recent graduate
from grammar school, having obtained free tui-
tion to Heald's -usiness College, wishes place to
work morning and evening for his board aud
clothes while attending schooL Address Matron,
Q. T. Home, Vallejo, Cal.
T^ EAT AND RELIABLE JAPANESE SKKKs
— ■" position doing some work every morning, after-
noon or nlghu Kr-EM,.709 Geary st.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
of any kind; can keep books and correspond in
Spanish and English; city reference. S. V. M..
box 44. Call Office.
BY A MARRIED COUPLE (GERMAN) ON A
ranch or vineyard: 15 years' experience; first-
class recommendation; wages reasonable. Farmer,
box 20. Call Office.
"\[AN NURSE, INDUSTRIOUS AND WILL-
-<J- Ing, wants to care for a private patient or in-
valid; long experience. Address Nurse, box 3,
Call Office, Oakland.
VV ANTED— BY YOUNG MAiN OFGOODHAB-
'* Its and abilities, care of a place: good refer-
ences. Address A. J. P. ELDRIDG— , Sonoma
County, Cal.
SITUATION BY YOUNG MAN: SPEAKS GER-
O man ; graduate. Address Y. X., box 54, Call
Office. .
VI ALE ATTENDANT WISHES TO WAIT
J»l upon mental or Inva'ld gentleman; best ref-
erences. O. W., 628 Eddy sU, San Francisco.
LICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tlon: e.tner city or country. Address P.O.
box 2432, san FrancHco, Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 2&o to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 par
"wk: lrvx> hiis nwt bnrgii"i. to and from th«" ferry
I;_C_lA__; i_i___> : VIAKTJU>.
OECONDGIRI., A S HORT~DISTA N
0 cooks. German style, $25 ana $30; 2 wait-
resses, $20: 15 neat iris for general housework,
$15. $20 and $26. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316
Suiter st.
\\T AITRESS, $5 A WEEK: 3 WAITRESSES.
TT $15 and room: 3 waitresses, $20 ana room;
young girl, small restaurant, $3 a week and room:
girl to assist in small restaurant, $15, call early: 8'
lunch waitresses; waitress, $-•>, small place;
houseglrl, Gougb St., $15: middle-aged woman,
sacrameuto. Cal., $12: 2 housekeepers, $15; girl,
Gougb st., i $20: girl, Scott si., $20: girl, Hayes St..
$15; younggirl, Palo Alto; girl for Sonora.Cal., $20
to $25; cln, sixth st.. $20: girl, Eddy st., $20; girl,
Broadway, s2o: giri.Octavia St., $20; 18 gins, $15;
9 girls, $20; 28 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per
month, 1 sslst, etc, nice families; 7 German, 9
Swedish and 3 Danish girls. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket sU
in FIRST-CLASS SALESLADIES FOR CON-
i-U fectionery store. MARTIN'S 749 Market.
FAD WAITRESS, $25 AND ROOM. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
COOK, $25 AND ROOM. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
E\Vl>H «;IRL; HOUSEWORK; $25. MAR-
TIN'S, 719 Market st
\Y AIT RESS TO GO SOUTH; $35. MAR-
TT TIN'S, 749 Market St. .
V OUNG LADY AS STENOGRAPHER. MAR-
I TIN'S, 749 Market St.
OOK; GERMAN STYLE; SMALL FAMILY;
$20. MARTIN'S, 74» Market.
COLORED GIRL; HOUSEWORK. MARTIN'S,
VJ 749 Market.
1 i_"FINED GKRMAN SECOND GIRL, $20:
It nurse, $15- 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $16. MISS * ULI^EN, 323 Sntter st.
COI OREDGIRLoR WOMAN. HOUSEWORK,
VJ $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler si.
■\J"EAT YOUNG GIRL; 2 IN FAMILY. $10.
i-> MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. .
REFINED WOMAN. WITH A CHILD, $12;
MI.sS CULLEN. 323 Sinter st.
WANTED— GERMAN COOK, $30: GERMAN,
upstairs and 1 child. $20; second girl, $25;
American cooks $25 to $30; invalid's nurse, $25;
laundress, $30: girls lor housework and assist.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton sU
GUSSIE.IDAANDMINNIE BLATZ, PLEASE
call or send your address to C. R. HANSEN
— CO., 110 Geary st.
G-* ERMAN OR SWEDISH GENERAL HOUSE-
r work girls, «20; 10 yonnc; girls, light house-
work, $10. $15; woman, make herself useful,
country hotel, $20; wallres*, assist sewing, $15.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary su !
"V/ OUNG FRENCH GIRL FOR SECOND WORK
J. and wiiltiug, city. $15: waitress and seam-
stress, priva c family. $20. MURRAY* READY.
1., ail in Emp oyment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
i ADY ABOUT 25 YEARS OF AGE TO AT-
Xj tend counter and make herself useful, small
country, $20 and found: waitresses, country and
city hotels. MURRAY READY, leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\r ANTED — COOKS, CHAMBERMAIDS,
tt nurseglrls and girls for housework; city and
country. MRS, HIRD. 721 Elli» su
t> WAITRESSES, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL.
O $25. R. T. WARD & CO.. 610 Clay st.
VV ANTED— GOOD GERMAN NURSEGIRL,
*f must have references: none but German
need apply. Call between 9 and 12, at 1123 La-
guna st.
OONO GIRL, 14 OR 15, TO MAKE HER-
J- self generally useful In return for a good home.
Call 2 P. _ 27 Eureka st.
ERSO.S TO SKW WITH DRESSMAKING.
■T 3370 Nineteenth mv . - i
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1218 a
T Fulton st.
PPRENTICE AT DRESSMAKING. 4_ AN-
tonlo St., opp. Jones, near Ellis.
\y A.VTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work. 2811 Buchannan st.
Wr ANTKD — YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
housework for 3; wages $6. 327 Fourth su
L.URST-CLASSFINISIIKU ON PANTS* MUST
J be good. 417 Geary st.
\]LT ANTED— FIRST-CLASS TAILORESS TO
TT work on pants. 1433 Jackson st.
VTEAT GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK-
XI wages $16: references required. 724 O'Farrell.
A.M'ED-AN APPRENTICE FOR DRESS-
maklni;; good sewer. 424 Post st.
CIiOOLTEACHERS (COUNTRY) DESIRING
O remunerative employment; odd hours or all
lime. R. W. McOARVIE. 636 Mission su
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework; plain cooking; 2 in family. 2112
Devisadero st.
WANTKD-PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL- j
TT linery school; every lady her own milliner- !
ladles prepared for the business. Removed from '
410 Leavenworth su to 2a^ Geary, room 46.
MIOHT SCHOOL NOW OPKN. FLYNN'S
■-> Dreg .-cutting and Making School, 14 McAllister
T EARN liUESSCUTTING AND FITTING"
■Luskin patterns,2sc McDOWELL'S. 636 Market
HAIRDHEssINO. MANICURING LESSONS 7
reasonable. Miss D0y1e,212 Powell; 106 Ninth
KOStDALE HOUSE, 321 KLLIs, NR. TaT
It lor-100 furnished rooms; 25c night; $1 week.
AIRDRESSINO, i!6c AND 35c: AFTER-
XX noon classes: 10 lessons, $1 50. 1248 Mission.
VyANTED-MEN AND WOMEN To LKARV
ff barber trade: only 8 weeks required: tools
f5l5 Howa C rysu ° c ""'" **' **»* h^
M°wT * J h JS *. VK _: IJENT ANI) HESPECTABLii
• ,wi Wlncnester House, 44 Third eu, near Market
iOO rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; I" 60 $i
V r->p»if: . rpo ' U!< nnrl t)aggaTt . :n n n-l fron> tern-
MALt u__i_l* - \VAJSXJ!;i>.
: C^os^elerT^mTll""h^¥lT^~cTr?en^
749 1 lalrke't's'u* ' 1 "* f ° r ** nC - MARTIN'S,
ND " BOY ' 10 « ROOM AND BOARD;
bellboy; 2 dishwashers: restaurant cook. 5 °
and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
VY M U , : R^ljgg^ a f7e?s lurHTWATCHMAXI u rHTWATCHMAX -
A i!.Jt R '_ FIR>,T-CLASS HOTEL. MAfr
TIN'S. 749 Market st.
QHEF, $90 TO $I*s. MARTIN'S, 74» MAR-
vv ket su
GERMAN BAKER, $25 TO $30 AND FOUND;
VJ second, $35; waiter for camp, $25: cabinet-
maker; shoemakers; wire-nail machine operators,
$2 50 day ; farmer and wife, $30; 2 farmers,
.-ononia County, $16; boy for store, $3 week; tie-
makers. MURRAY _ BEADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 ami 636 Clay st.
WAITER.-, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL, $25;
«J shoemaker, piecework: orchard-hand, board-!
ing-house waiter, $25. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608
and 610 day su
PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY, $46; BROILER,
$50; chef,s7s. HOTEL GAZETTE.42O Kearny.
TO SHOEMAKERS— 2 FIRST-CLASS REPAIR
X- hands wanted Immediately: steady job: salary.
WILLIE Repair Factory, 2405 Santa Clara aye.,
Alameda. ........ ■ • ,
TRONG ; BOY . WANTED TO POLISH
stoves. California and Drumm sts.
\\ ANTED-SHOEMAKERS; CALL EARLY,
I 1 .With tools. 959 Howard st. ;■; ; -.-:,-.. . .
W ANTED— LAD- TO SELL PLANT&
TT Call Monday. 8 a. m., 2610 Geary st.
J"\ISHWASHKR WANTED. 153, THIRD ST.
Q.OOD BAiiBEK WAJSTJhiD. 13 TA\_OB BT.
■•:.;•■ ■■ ■■-:;■; - ■ . •■■,..■■
iTEt.P TrAJjrTEp-Contlniied.
WANTED- A BUSHELMAN TO BUY A
TT good-pay in it tailor-shop; plenty work on hand;
very cheap. 1206 Fillmore st.
PURS -CLASS BARBER, RACETRACK EX-
J change, Ingleside. H. BuItCAKDK.
ESTAURANT BUTCHER. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
TTEAD WAITER. MARTIN'S, 749 MARKET"
IiAKTNEB-PUBK AND SAUSAGE BRORK;
X clear $50 monthly; small capital. 340 Fourth st.
WANTED— A PARTY- TO MANAGE AN
iff; office to handle a new European patent; must
have $500 to loan employer, on good security. T.
LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ARBER-SHOP; BARGAIN; 2 CHAIRS.
1810 Castro su. opp. carhouse.
IpOR SALE CHEAP— 3-CHAIR BARBER.
1 shop. 231 Sixth st. ' ■■•>'-.■:-:■
HOESUOP F'R SALE— IOI7 CLAY ST.;
O the place for a young man.
MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL; AGENCY
business: new plan; $25 weekly guaranteed.
215 SansomesU, room 12. •
ARFENTiSi. WANTED TO TAKE SHOP
and livimr-rooms: long job, or contract for lot
of stairs- Job cor. Market and Guerrero sts.
OOD PaNTSMAKE;. THOS. E. KENT, 697
Mission second floor. .
OEAMEN— COMPLt-TE COURSE IN NAVI-
-0 gation: only $15. Pacific Nautical Academy,
215 Saßwrne sU, room 11. '
OOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL; UERMAN;
$40. Apply 609 Kearny St., room 8.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made 10 order: $2 50. 959 Howaid, nr. Sixth.
IpOR FULL AND CLEAN 10c MKAL OB
coffee and cakes 5c go to 13 Via Grant aye.
U. ANTEIVio COLLECT WAUES DUX LABOR
11 era_clerks. KN OX Collection A gey. 111) Butter
ANTED— IOOO MEN DUBLIN LOTUS BAR-
ber-shop; shave, sc: haircut, 10c. 207 Fourth.
1) ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
XX states Marine Corps, United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men. between the aeesof 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally d -dared their intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and
habits and able to sneak, read and write English,
and between 5 iet-t 5 inciiea aud 6 feet in heighu
For further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 20 Ellis su. San Francisco. Cal.
ROOMS PAPtRED, $2 60: WHITENED, $1:
s:nlns or blemishes removed; painting by day
or contract; decorative work at lowest figures.
1200 Webster St.. telephone Stein 235.
Mi-N'S HALF-501.1NG, bile.. LADIES, 40c.;
done while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Fiiick's,S.
LCHO HOL'SK, 863 V. MARKET ROOMS
20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weeic
hAKBKIW PROTECTIVE UNION KMI'LOY
1-* mem secretory. CONRAD 'IKoKLL. 667 CUr
IJARHKIIs— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC.
XJ P. C Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHs. 325 Grant ava
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary. H. BERNARD. 102 t-eventh st.
'ANTKD-LA BORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Kd Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su : 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
I T ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OK
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN «fe CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C., for their $1-00 prise
offer and list of 200 Inventions wnnted.
"M"K\V WALDO HOUSE, 763 MISSION, BET.
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 50c. week $1 to $2 60: reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean; quiet; open allnlgbt.
\\r ANTED— SOO MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BEST
" 6c and 10c meals. Old Economy, 410 Kearny.
EST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 35, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and l.eidesdorff sts.
"I rwi MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC 15c
I \J\J and 20c a night. including coffee and roils.
(324 Washington sU , near Kearny.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, A DAY: $1
TT week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
THE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X House In town, Lindell House. 6th and Howard.
\yiNCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm sU
F-W GRAND. 246 THIRD-SUNNY ROOMS
-i* from $1 to $3 per week; reading-room. ■ . <
ROSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NEARTAY-
-It lor: 200 rooms; 25c night: reading-room.
SHOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER:
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged: lance slock of second-hand
shoes; first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission su. near Grand opera-house.
E~ SIMON WANTS 100 Mf.JV TO HET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
'PRY ACME HOUSE, 957 jIAKKKT ST.. BK-
X. low Slxtu. for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
shoes up to 10 o'clock every night, those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nlgbt while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men's
Eollng, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 SO. 662 Mission ■)• . bet. Ft— 1 ■»;. iin'i Swnnii st
A GIiXTS \\ A.VfKD.
V GENTS— IT'S THE LATEST AND "• RE AT"
_rV eat money-making, educational Christmas
novelty; write quick. CM. TiIOMASON, Oak-
land. <'al. -
KOOMS WANTED.
2 MEDIUM S?ZE UNFUICNIsITeD^IIOOmT-
—no housekeeping; about $8. JONES, White
House. . I
*UK_VITUK_. WANTED.
ANTED— OAK BEDROOM SET, BEDDING
and carpet. O. F.. box 73, Call Office.
IFVOUWA.nT GOOD PRICKS FOR r'VßJil-
lere and merchandise see BURD. 211 Larkln.
IGIIER PRICnI IUAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0.1067 Market.opp.Jonei
GASH PAID FOR E.nTIRE HOUSES Uii
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
lU>'V» IH. 223 *torlctnn: s«-n<! ni-sta!.
. WAATED-MISCIiLLAXEOUS.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
TT Ing, painting, etc, by contract or day's work,
at your own price; work must be had. N. E.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st. _^
-\f achinery wanted in exchange
ITX for Stockton lots. White, 516 Mission st.
OLDGOLDANDSILVEK BOUGHT; JKWELr
ry, watches repaired. MUSI), 1133y 8 Mission.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKR, SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
0 el—- to A. KT.'-'N 109 Sixth »t • ..-.,. -n,fil.
Lopcprc-Honsia ton sale.
o^roojTcorner houseV.."."..'.'....... $1006
12 rooms: fine sunny corner. 400
50 rooms, clearing $-00; Inpayments 2600
'-8-room house; rooms all rented tOO
1 8 rooms: near City Hall; new -. 250
14 rooms on Folsom st., near Third 350
80-room house, clearing $500 4000
66-room corner house, new furniture 3000
20 rooms, on 4th st., clearing $80, only 400
3.> rooms on Market s l ., offer wanted. 860
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MarKet su, opp. Fifth.
FLA ; OF 6 ROOMS 5175
J 1 23 rooms, fine corner, new..... $1200
25 rooms. Market st .*6<>o
50 rooms, fine furniture, payments ...si'2OO
II rooms, newly furnished, low rent ......$6OO
34 rooms, bay-window, new.. .. .. .. $v!_00
UNDERWOOD „ CO.. 765 Market st.
ffljjKft 12 ROOMS: SPLENDID HOUSE. A.
<SD-UU. M. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market sU
O4 ROOMS FINEST ON GEARY ST.: PAYS
— tl handsomely, see A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
CC ROOMS; CORNER: SPLENDID APART-
"^ ment house; paying $160. A M.SPECK & CO.
UN NY 10-ROOM HOUSE ON POST ST.; ONLY
0 $325: 3 housekeeping 'floors; nicely arranged
for income: < heap rent; choice location; a bargain.
A.M. F.I KINS. 906 !N arkutst. _^
OAItJfAiX '•;. C_JiAN_N _.
CITY STEAM CAR^T^LEA>TIN(rWOR_S:
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr. 38 and 40 Klghth St.; telephone South 260.
n AKI>t;TS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
V like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 3d. I). MACKINTOSH' _ Co., successors.
li ' HEN IS KCOMK - DISGUSTED WITH
tt poor work nd toSPAULDlNG'SPioneerCar-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 'fehama st.; tel. So. 40.
DVANCK CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402
Sotter. tel. .Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Prop.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANINn CO..
. 240 14th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia. 74.
C CARPET-CLEANING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
I samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bthsu
riONKLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WORKS'.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East IV!6.
QC A _ AKD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPET-
*-> cleaning Works. 11 Eighth su
TONES & CO.. 1 MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
O Klghth st. ■ Telephone jrss'p 1061.
————————— _™___,
TVFJiWKITJKItS.
AYE YOU S«EN THE NEW PEERLESS
typewriter Rotary Duplicator? They stand
at the head. R.E. RE YOLK _ C 0. ,409 California.
ING lON, $35: SMITH, $50. SEND FOR
XV gam 1 le work. SCOTT _ BANS AN.333 Mong'y.
AGENTS SMITH PREMIER: ALSO RENT
. and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. _M. AL-
EXANDER <fc CO., 110 Montgomery st.. write for
circular. .
■PKO*;_sS!*lOJf AJL. CAKDS.
JOHNK.i;ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. BOOM_
26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Mali
75, San Francisco. Cat _ . , ■"*"•
JOHN R, AITKEN ANDMAURICEL. ASHER.
»UJN» *. law, nua 51a,616, 5tU floor, i'arrou wo*.
1 FrSIJJE"! 1 ! CTTA'SVKH.
<JT» l 1 AH "FiNE^LOOiN, DOING A GOOD
*IP • UU. business, with good fixtures; largo
stock: pool-table; the location, is fine and cheap
rent; It will pay you to investigate this fl/.e buy.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. ; "*^|
at7.-7i COAL AND WOOD YARD; ALSO }
»IP I tJ\J . hay and grain; doing fine business; ■
location the finest for any one wanting a business
of this kind: It will pay you to investigate this
Place. T. LUBF.LSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
HUfi^n PARTNER ELEUA-NT BUSINEsB
«lPy«>Vr. office; only object in taking partneris
to have services of interested party; it will In-
terestyon. T. LL'BBLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
$f)000 OR(jCEKY AND BAR, OR WILL
Imu.V-.4i! lake Partner: fine corner stand; long
th! fi. , k ? p re " t: ta klng in $100 per day ca.h;
for«X sl business of it* kind I have ever offered
for sale, T. IX BKLsKi, 7 City Hall aye,
$400 RES1 'AUKANT THAT IS A BAR-
rentl,,hP»n 1 ; the place is doing good and the
be sold at one. IOPRUoi > lhe finest; The Place must
City Hall aye : Bea U l °- d » y - T. LUBELSKI. 7 .
S3SO.cSSi?Si SSFABI ' l8HEI) YKARS '
W ILK K. 531 t^ajfijte mOnth : rent * 30 = le « e -
-$l4OO k * VROCEKY AND BAR IN
yeats- no oonosi^on i i rl ? olre '°c a «o°: established
fi?ethisbVau W fur b^4^
V C i O c U e! U ParlicuTar, 1
at \> . ijikr. a, 00l California su
$275. PARTNER WAXTKD' IV livf ng
Z 1 O. the nicest ana best equii'Ll tafcher^
shops in the city; fine bone and wagCn^ sniendid
location and strictly flrst-claas family ?r'ade which
will average $'.0 per day: need not be a butcher
as will teach Incoming man the business, cfo
STEWART, 602 Markets.. _ uusln ess. GEO.
l ALOONs FROM $2r>o to $16 OOf)
0 Restaurants from .floo to $12 000
Branch bakeries from $100 to $1000
.-tationtry and notions from $2 0 i o $isou
Cigar-stores from $*_<)0 109200U
All kinds of business bought and sold.
V UNDERWOOD A CO., 766 Market st.
A $900 SALOON: VICINITY OF BALDWIN^
>rV private rooms; fine piano and parlors; elegant
fixtures; has always done well: sickness cause of
sale. M. LF-8S & CO., 783V_ Mnrket su
TO A PERSON OF MEANS, OR ONE WHO
has a son they desire to establish la business,
an opportunity crn be had with the undersigned in
a pleasant, safe md paying business; the best of
references turnished and the same required. M.
H.. box 118, Call Office.
"(J.QAA EL KG ANT OFFICE BUSINESS, ■
«DOUU. payiugsiso to $200 per month; part 1
can remain on the business: chance of a lifetime }
for energetic man; family troubles cause of cell-
Ing. R., box 106, Call Office.
VTCHER - SHOP; CONNECTED WITH
XJ pork store; first-class fixtures; rent paid one
month: biggest bargain in city; cash trade. Ap-
ply 114 Second st.
q>rjr\f\ A BONANZA; THAT ELEGANTLY
•7? 1 UU. fitted up andstocked ealoou corner of
Leldesdorff and Hai.eck; no agents.
ANTED— A FIRM OF BOILERMAKERS TO
take up a patent on royalty; le.ur only. I. A.
Km 2717 Tweiiiy-third si.
■yoITNG BUSINESS WOMAN WISHES EL-
X. derly man as partner in respectable business.
M.. box 163, tall Office. . _____
fi>l ok GOOD FRUIT store, WITH ALL
vJ-". the fixtures; cheap at $200. Call to-
day at 2103 Mission sU
R IN KING SALOON CHEAP; DWELLING^
rooms. 650 Sacramento su, near Kearny.
B CON WAY, WHO KEEPS A FINE LOON
• at 1023 Market St., is retiring from business,
and will sell the stock, fixtures and Rood will of
the same by auction on Tuesday, the 24th, beu tba
hours 01 11 aud 12 o'clock, as a whole, to the
highest bidder. '
ijjor fk PARTNER WANTED to travel;
— *J\J. advertiser has but one hand; must
have help: paying business: receipts $10 to $20
per dhy; no soliciting; only those who have money
and mean business need apply. 1± and 16 Ellis
St.. room 113.
THE BEST- PAYING DELICACY-STORE AND
-L restaurant in the city; patronage very select;
well-established trade; must' sell on account of
sickness; very cheap. W., box 20. Call Office.
q»kmnA interest IN established
\. — Uv/U. paying manufacturing business; sec-
retary of the corporation with salary attached.
Address M., box 5. Call Office. .
T?Olf SALE —GROCERY AND SALOON;
r doing good business; will be sold cheap If ap-
plied for Immediately. Call 6p.m. 6 Oak wood si.,
nr. Guerrero and Eighteenth.
pOOD-PAYING CANDY, CIGAR AND PTA-
VX tionery store for sale, cheap, account of sick-
ness. Apply 1314 Howard st. > ■ r)
Saloon" wit! i cigar-stand: good BUSl-
ness and local ion; at a bargain or will accept
partner. Apply 31 Ninth sU
K AKERY, CANDY. NOTIONS, CIGARS,
"' laundry; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; bar-
gain. 1151 Mission st.
Rest aTTrant— half INTKREST CHEAP:
XX established 15 years; remaining partner 7
years. 1241 Mnrke St.
IG CHANCE TO INVESTORS OF MODE K.
ate means; guaranteed. Add. C. E. C 0.,221 Davis t
p ROCERY AND BAR; REASONABLE:
VJ sickness account of sale. 122 i-angton st.
AIRY PRODUCE: OLD ESTABLISHED
stand: 12 years: a bargain. Call 146 Seventh.
JjCKAfI COUNTRY HOTEL AND LIVERY-
tIrUOKJKJ. stable, at railroad station: pays
$2500 a year profit; fine climate for health resofu
H. M. WOOLLEY. 532 Market st.
W- E HAVE A GRAND OPPORTUNITY FOR
some one with a little capital; we never yet
offered a humbug- guarantee this. Address Man-
ufacturers' Agency, Oakland, Cal.
i^IRST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN SAN JOSE."
XJ doing very profitable business, will oe sold
cheap: good reason for selling. Address box 74,
Mercury Office, San Jose.
Ir»OR CORNER FOURTH AND HOW-
r ard, with 30 rooms; nicely furnished; all on
one floor; good landlord. Inquire of the proprietor
776 Howard st.
OAKERY, CANDY. CIGAR AND NOTION'
J » store; sunny living-rooms; good location.
1201 Bush su .
SJ>T Or ELEGANTLY FITTED UP RESTAU-
tuIIiiU. ram outfit, Apply D. McRaE, 827
Mission St. :■• ■:/. .-. . ■ .--- : t'-~'
p ROCERY Ahl) BAR: NO OPPOSITION;
VJ will sell cheap; good reason. Apply Call.
<E?9fin managing~partnkr in light
*jP^d\J\J. manufacturing business: $1000 clear
first year la slgnu 215 sansome. room 12.
NVENTORS DESIRING TO SECURE OR
-L sell patents or inventions, o:iil at Hall of In-
ventions^ 5 Sansoma st., room 12. .
WANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A
grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
T?OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON. IX-
X 1 quire 439 Pine su
"L-'OR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. L ALL
J at 114 O'Farrell st.
1 >OOi> CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT, WITH
VJ 3 living-rooms: near factories: owner leaving
this city; cheap; no humbug. 2213 Powell su,
near Bay.
RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE;
old-established furniture, carpet and under-
taking business; clears over $:-5000 a year: stock
$10,000. GEO. L. BIRKMAIER, Wells-Fargo
KxDress building.
L^OR" SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
1 and produce stand in one of the best markets
in the State: owner going away. Apply 916
Washington 31., Oakland. _________
ijnni \ BUSINESS^ PORTLAND, ok.:
»Tp^l VV/V '. paying $176 per month: good chance
to Increase. • Inquire C. E. NAYLOR, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
"I EADING RESTAURANT In LEADING
J— seaside resort of Pacific Coast: owner retiring
from business. Address S., box 138, Call office.
7EWSPAPER KOUTK IN INTERIOR CITY.
I close to S&u Francisco. For particulars apply
1 his office. -j _^^__^
OUTE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
i; 11 i re at Call <>mc». . '
l-UItNITUKi: t'Uli SALE.
pXN^&TOI' llf. "^ "'"■ ~^~*
People always flock to where they can do the
best. Follow the majority and you'll not be far
wrong. . • .
Remember, we sell for cash or on easy time
payments-
Wicker Chairs and Rockers from $3 00 up
Enamel Bureaus 7 60 un
Darnel Iron Beds 7 50 u {.
Fancy Rockers. .'....'.'.'..'. 305 up
Heating Stoves, ail kinds 4 00 un
Cooking Ranges and Stoves . . ".700 nn
Carpets, Linoleums, Mattings.
Largest store, largest stock, lowest prices.
%'_ '*£&' I 0? 1 * Dd *02S'MJMio_ C^ N »__*sl«
518, 520 and 522 Minna si., above Sixth.
Open evenings
Telephone Jessie 41.
A y.h TIl .l? H . ODSE> 827 MISSION ST.-ASH
-A- chamber suits. $13 60; folding-beds. $10. —
CjHAS. M. V_u,\x _ c . o UPHOLSTERY CXI.
V>» 1301 MARKET ST.. COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
400 ARP1 ";I CHAMBER SETS, . $14-'
«iV stoves . $5: parlor lets. 820: . folding-bed^
$10: bar outfits.. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 MlssJ^n:
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
-ci- lowest prices on household goods: new or ijiod
as new ; cas . or on time: open evenings.
ING FURNITURE CO.. 1127-29-31 MARKET
furnish 4. rooms, $.8 to sso; best bargains iv
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE LOWEST _
prices: furniture, carpets; all grades. 866 Mla«^
CIOD St* I . •- •
C_2___|_|2sl______^ SEAF "
"PUR.MTURK. STOVES, CARPETS COUN-
J ters. showcases. ANDKRHON, 112 1 Market su
• \ S_W_Mi SIACUIKEs.
X^^F^^^^^^Sxc^aTJg^
I -a. rented .repaired ; lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth suhouses to let. •
"'rnT'oOLDKN GAtTaT£ ?Teaß VAN
vtu Ness— Modern built house of 9 rooms:
suitable for a doctor; rent reasonable.
T?EIL. BET. POLK AND VAN NESS —2- 1
v -, story, bay-window; 7 room« and bath. Apply •
ftoC B. CAPP & CO,, Real Estate Agents, 415
>l.oDteomery st.
• 'KARRKLUBET. MASON AND TAYLOR— 2-
\J story: 9ro ms and bath. Apply to C S CAPP ■
• . A CO.. Real Estate Agents, 41 6 Montgomery sU
nOTTAGK OF 3 1 OOMS— MAPLE COURT, OFF
i .• V. fourteenth St., bet. Guerrero and Dolores. Ap-
.ply to C.-^. CAPP& Cc« Real Estate Agents, 4ls •
"Montgomery st. _______
T^UL'TON.N. SIDE. BET. LAGUNA AND BU-
I • X 1 ctranan— bay-window: 6 rooms ana
I . bath. Apply to (. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 416 Montgomery st, ■ ■ ,
i-7 E. A 202 PERRY- ST., JUST OFF
••t!5 I .OU. Fourth — House Of 8 rooms; water
• . free.. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont- .
feomerr st. '
rro LET— MODERN HOUSK OF 7 BOOMp
X and bath; nrst-class neighborhood: rent $.22 CO,
. j water free. C. V. GIBBON 841 • app st.
•1 TURK— 2 COTTAGES OF 8 AND * !
• * \\JL.£.. rooms: large stab' e; shed; yard.
1" • ICE HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH; CHEAP.
• V-V 429 Thirteenth, Pet. Valencia and Guerrero.
" ' eUNNY. 6-ROOM HOUSE; RENT REASON-
-* • O able to good tenant. 1514 Broadway, near >an
. Ness aye. • :
. .G?9A- WHOLE HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
. tjp^.y. 2814 Laguna St.. near Union. ■_
"*"JQ OAK, NEAR MARKET-12 ROOMS 3
-.•7 floors, each separate for housekeeping; newly
'. r»pere«l: painted: sanitary pluuioing: fine loca-
tioq.ior renting rooms; cheaprent; go ana see it.
•*. *-a OUStS TO KENT bOH VKKY 1.1 ri'LK
.' XI -nloney at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S. 10
?^s oDXpom^rv tat-
• • FLKNISHEIJ HOUSES.
■' "' 1/URXISHED FLAT— FOUR ROOMS; BATH;
' 1 modern: sunny corner: Thirteenth and Guer-
•." rero sts .near Market: fine location: rent $25. ,
. -BINCON HILL-KUKNISHEL. COTTAGE TO
. * XV let: 5 rooms and bath. M. E. H., box 88. Call.
. TTOUSEOF 8 ROOMS; COMPLETELY FUR-
JIL nlshed; $100: rent $25. 937 Mission sU
• *r^O;jPLETKLY FURNISHED, IN WESTERN
V^ Addition, 8 rooms, bath, etc., to lease for 3
= months at less than half rental; good care of
premises desired. Apply MADISON A BURKE,
• 626 SCarket st.
'. _ COTTAGES TO LET.
I/VE~wXY"i^^OVAT^ 6 ROOMS,
•-f > bath: $18; modern Improvements; water free.
r .""05 Ellis St., near Steiner.
•>7l A BRYANT —COTTAGK, 5 ROOMS;
— <J-"ibath; laundry; stable; nice garden;
I vacant Dec 1.
Oil tf\ AND $9: COTTAGE*, 3 AND 4
•• (J I .OJL/ rooms: good order: water free. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant St., or UMBSEN A CO., 14
Montgomery st.
- " A LAMEDA, 1528MACPHERSON ST., NEAR
ft. Mastick station, cottage 5 rooms, bath and
, Kas; concrete walks, lawn, standard roses, orchard;
. . fine neighborhood; rent $18; water free; grounds
cared for.
' MAKE YOUR RENT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
-IYX tage in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
• tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
8207 Twentr-second st. ; office oi»en evenings. 1
1 LAXS to. LET.
v^l^stevenson! neaiTthi rteenth^
• ° IOUu Bay-window upper flat; 5 rooms and
" .0 bath; cheap.
■7 NOE ST., NEAR THIRTEENTH—
i sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath
'. ° "A SHAVK., BET. LAGUNA AND BUCHAN
ft", an, McAllister and Ful on-lower flat 4
looms, bath: rent $15. with water. Apply to C
.*. tAPP it CO., Real Estate Agents, 416 Mont-
gomery st.
. ' TTA-YES, BET. «-CTAVIA AND LAGUNA—
•II Fine upper bay-window flat, 7 rooms and
battt: rant low to a cood tenant. Apply to C S.
CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents. 415 Moutgom-
eo Bt.
. •• TJ AYES, BKT. WEBSTER AND 1-LLLMORE—
Xi Lower flat 3 rooms »nd : alii: rent $8. Apply
• to CS. CAPP & CO, Real Estate Agents. 415
• Montgomery si.
• « Ty^INKIKENTH. BE GUERKERO AN n DO-
. ._> lores -Lower flat 5 rooms and t.atb. rent $18;
upper flat 7 rooms and bath, rt- nt $20. Apply to
( . S. CAPP <fe CO., Real Estate Agents. 416 Mont-
• " . Romery st.
1 INDkN AYE., BET. OCTAViA AND La-
•X> 1 guna, Haves and Fell— Flat 5 rooms and bah;
• rent-$l2. Apply to C. 6.CAPP&CO* Real Ksiate
.Agents, 415 Montgomery st.
Jt>NES AND FILBERT. S=E. COX.— 2 FLOODS,
O 8 rooms and bath: fine view; cars nandy: rent
only $20. with wal- r. Apply 10 C. S. CAPP A
tO., Real Estate Agents. 415 Montgomery st.
' QECONDBT., S. OF SOUTH PARK— 2 FLATS
O of 6 rooms and bath; rents $20 and $22 50
• 'with water. Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO., Real
m Kstate Agents, 41 5 Montgomery su
„ "VTICE NEW SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS AND
— \ _ bath. Corner Grove and Central ayes., near
Uolden Gate Park.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6 ROOMS,
t VJ $8 to $16; see them. sj3a seventh st.
_| Q.l "I AND $13— INCI1Y: 5 ROOMS;
>"■ O -»-.-*- bath and ga^. 606 shotwell st.
T OWER FLAT TO LET. 810 MASON ST.
XJ •■ .
JQ7I HAIGHT, NR. FILLMORE— FLAT: 4
t;C).< •£ sunny rooms: yard: basement: rent $12.
AND 4 ROOM FLAT; LAKGE YARD;
stables. 2 Hayward St., Harrison, nr. Eighth.
• c BOOMS: BATH; CHEAP; GOOD TENANT.
«J 3638 Nineteenth st. - -
.»- GREENWICH-UPPER FLAT: NEWLY
V— ■•) renovated; 5 rooms, bath; rent cheap.
WO LOVELY FLATS: 4 AND 5 ROOMS:
bath and gas; fine yard; $12 and $14; water
" free.' 39^8-3900 Nineteenth si., near JSoe: cheap-
est flats in the city.
ODERN, CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $25;
also 4 rooms. $14. Key 1706 Hyde st.
• " UNNY FLAT 8 BOOMS: 100 FEET FROM
■ O Sixth st. Apply 958 Mission st.
UNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH, STATION-
ary tubs, yard and shed. 637 Howard st.
9 SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 6 ROOMS: BATH;
— . reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe st, cor. of Bryant.
WANTED AT ONCE— TENANTS TO
' . " rent at reduced rents. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
1/LAIS TO «E.\T FuK VKKY LITTLK
X money at BALDWIN os HAailuM/^ 10
\vorTpnnierv "t. _^
-Ot'stKEliPlliU KOOJVLS.
bu«b Street.
• £91 BUSH — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
. i U_<X housekeeping, or board if desired.
. BL^I i uuy M ice..
117 EDDY— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
XX I rooms: terms reasonable. .
• fTIHK LEXINGTON, 212" KDDY — NEWLY
■ 1 furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites- .
€>r\~\ EDDY-LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
€)\JO light housekeeping; also single; private
family.
£1 A EDDY-LARGE fcUNNY FEU> X BASE-
. UK jt ment: newly furnished: $10.
Ellis Street.
91 ft ELLIS— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUKNISHED
_>XU housekeeping rooms.
_\ . 099 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — ELEGANTLY
■■ •>— — furnished housekeeping rooms and o: hers.
~~. mii Street. "
OAQ FIFTH-NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FUR-
•)\JiJ nished parlor, bedroom, kitchen, $20; also
•ethers, $14
Golden bate Avenue.
•£9fl GOLDEN GATE — PARLOR SUITE.
U—.U complete for housekeeping; sun all day;
$18. ..... - ....
• - liuwarrt street,.
C/l Q HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED BOOMS,
010 kitchen attached and cooking utensils f ur-
a , tilshed. $6 to $12: single rooms. 81 a week.
Kearny street.
.• EA RN V, NR. SUTTER— S ROOMS OR LESS;
XV KM apd water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
>)Oj| KEAKNY— 2 OK 3 UOOMS FURNISHED
— ♦-)'' for houjekeeplng; coal or gas.
Larkin Street. .
• LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
. i — t/- uoui and back parlors for housekeeping;
also slngfe rooms. >.--- •. ■
* ■ : '''^__H Martha Place.
• • £ MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, ABOVE
D Maiqn— room, with stove: cheap.
* . Blmna Street.
Q7l MINNA, NEAR FIFTH— LAKGE PUN-
•I I xny room; water; stove; closets: private
family. \ ' '•. , ■
. ,'7«5 MINNA. NEAR SEVENTH— 2 LARGE
. "O i O connecting rooms, complete: sunny yard.
Juibelon >.ie«..
c£i MISSION, NEAR SECOND — LARGE
«->.OJ_ sunny front room; use of kitchen.
) .."C£Q MISSION— OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
QUO complete for housekeeping. . . :..
" CM 7 MISSION— FURNISH' D ROOMS, COil-
O~t I piete for housekeeping, and other rooms.
_ lO'l MISSION, COR. OF NINTH— 2 COR-
• ;■— 'Ox ncr housekeeping rooms: furnished.
V 747 MISSION— SUNN Y' HOUbEKEEPING
• ' ■• »"A I rooms: $10, $12 and $15.
'iiioiiia Street. .
P^F^f^ satoma-2 SUITES of HOUSEKEEP-
»V" ing rooms and yard; rent $10 a month.
Oak street.
tin 2 SUNNY KEEPING ROOMS:
is)i\J. flrst floor; unfurnished; bay-window
1 oom; exchange dressmaking, . 48 oak su
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Octavla Street.
1 A f\O OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY— BAY-
J /rUO window, kit.hen; other rooms; gas
stoves; $7 up. -
O'J-arrell Street.
AO~\ O'FARRKLL — FURNISHED ROOMS
4 0 1 for houaekeeplng; reasonable. r
1 1110 Street.
Of\t\ PINE-'- NICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
DU'/ light housekeeping. ■■■•'■•
.-t-\t-uiri Mivei.
IRARD HOUSE, 142 SEVENTH— SUITES
Ur and kitchens; also single rooms. '
■\ south Park. Jf.
1/1 SOUTH PARK— OR 3 : SUNNY Ff"R-
J D nished housekeeping - rooms, »7 to $14: also
ilngle. '' ■ • ,
Stockton reel.
17m STOCKTON— 2 ROOMS: FURNISHED
J I v/O complete for housekeeping; water and
link in kitchen. '■
butter Street* •
71 1 SUTTER— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
< X I suite, suitable for gentleman, and sunny
housekeeping reoms; reasonable^ _j
709 SUTTER, A JONES— nicely fur-
I Oaj nished housekeeping rms- rent cheap; bath.
'loliuni.t Street.
TEHAMA, NR. SECOND — 2 SUNNY j
00 rooms for housekeeping; nicely furnished.
Tenth Street.
1 O_< TENTH— 2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
•* —~k aUo single; gas-stove: cheap.
JJiinl Street.
1 AQ THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
ittO rooms, complete; bath; gas; $2 50 a week.
I ''11 THIRD-NICE SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-
XOO2 nlshea for . housekeeping; also single;
cheap. !
M<» THIRD — FUKNISHKD KOOMS FOR
OXiJ housekeeping; range; running water.
Twenty-sixth Street.
QOftrT TWKNi Y-SIXTH ST., NR. MISSION
OO<> I — Desirable furnished housekeeping
rooms: low rent. . ■
Twenty-sixth Street.
9QP7 TWENTY 111, NEAR MISSION—
OjDD I Furnished sunny housekeeping rooms;
yard ; $8 and $10.
» Mil .\i.< Aveuue.
A Q VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FURNISHED
TO housekeeping rooms; also single.
<_U\(\ VAN NESS AVK. — 2 NICELY FUR-
OUU nished rooms; also a small room; larj.e
closet in each room; bath; sun all day.
(■I p. VAN NESS AVK.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
OX nished parlor suite 2or 3 rooms <& kitchen;
sun all day; new carpets & furniture, bath, etc.;
complete for housekeeping; reasonab.e; also other
rooms fnrnlsht-d. »lv up. ' ■ >
uooiis .to Lei.
fellah Streo,.
797 BUSH— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM;
I — I first floor: suites, Binge, housekeeping.
iuav street.
11Q EDDY— NEAT SINGLE AND DOUBLE
-L-LO rooms; running water; for gentlemen;
$6 50 and $10.
_,iiiH street.
TIIK RAMOSA, ISO ELLIS; HRH. KATR^.
HART, manager — A quiet honse: centrally lo-
rated; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold water.
i-»_;*itK Mroo..
I At EIGHTH— FOR RENT, 2 FURNISHED
J \''i rooms for light housekeeping.
HERMAN APARTMKNT HOUSE. £8 BTH
0 su, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
intii street.
Q9K FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUSE-
-o—o keeping: 2. $10; 3, $13: single, *5.
Ot-ttry Street.
A(\X GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
-I\JO ed rooms; board optional; foldlns-bed.
70- GEARY — VERY PLEASANT SUNNY
1 OO rooms: with or without board.
\,f ARTINKTTI, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
■Ox Ness— Suites and singles; newly furnished.
ouiueu i.:i... vuuuc.
97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY FUR-
tj— I nlsbed room.
Haigbt Street.
9/-' HAIGHT— DOUBLK FUKNISHED AND
— \.) single rooms: bath, pas: private family. '
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIETT, OFF HOWARD. NR. SIXTH—
Nice sunny furnished housekeeping rcoms; $10.
tiOHurtl biret*...'
71 A. HOWARD— ROOM; SUITA-
• 11 ble for 2 gentlemen: rent $6 and $7.
7l'O HOWARD — LARGE FRONT SUNNY
1 U— rooms; bath and gas: suitable for 2.
Q-: Ci HOWARD-SUNNY SINGLE ROOM; $5
UOO per month; board optional.
1 7-1 p. HOWARD, NEAR THIKTKhNTH—
I lit) Nicely furnished rooms; gas and
bath; cheap.
<let>»ie street.
Of\O JESSIE, CORNER FOURTH— 2 FUR.
£>\J*) nished rooms for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men: $10 and $12 month: no children.
uuiii-s Mrc«...
9A7 JONES— THEI IVAN WINKLE: NEW
— U I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished ; bath, etc.; $10 tos3o.
a. n-.riir Mr«»..
ARLINGTON BOUSE 327 KEARWY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst
rl»ss in every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenworth street.
991 LEAVEN WOKTH— LOVELY DOUBLE
——1 rms. 'or lor 2 sen hot. con water: $lv.
7-1-1 LKAVENWOPTH, NEAR POST— IWO
111 sunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen : pleas-
ant outlook. Call on owner, 'Easter brook building,
22 Geary St., room 36. * •
U.i kp >,i«e..
VOBEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKKT— PER
1 night. Ssc to »1 : week. SI 60 10 *5: famillKS.
Martha Place.
4>iARTHA PL., OFF GEARY, NR. TAYLOR—
Furnished sonny room: rent low. ~
Jtiuua ■»• i«o..
ROn MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
U*' I nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
iMMOII . ISO .
~TGO MISSION —TO LET, LARGE FUR-
I UO nished front room: rent $9 a month.
Olive Avenue.
-|-J9 OLIVE AYE.; OFF ELLIS — SUNNY
II- front room; rent cheap.
. 1 him Street,.
£9-1 PINE — ROOMS $6 UP; RUNNING
U^X water; gas; sunny; quiet; gentlemen only.
■to tit street.
1 9fVC POLK -FURN IS D PARLOR
1 —\JO suite: suite or single; unfurnished room
with kitchen, cheap. |
Post Street.
£99 POST-ELEGANTLY FURISHET) BUN-
U_ i_j ny suites, $20; single, $8: bath; hot and
cold water. ,
Bauich Street.
On BACSCH— NICELY FURNISHF.D LARGE
OU front room with German family: $5.
second street.
nK SECOND — NIIE, CLEAN. SUNNY
ll" rooms. $1; nnfurniiheil basement rooms.
MO. SECOND— FURNISHKD KOOMS, 10c,
-.O i 15c, 25c per night; 65c to $1 50 weekly. •
£.1-10 . » ..i-..
"PIEDMONT," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X. Nicely furnished any rms; mod. conveniences.
bievenson Street. '
£97 STEVENSON— I LARGE KOOM; PRI-
U_j I vate family: $1 per week; lady preferred.
79 A 1 STEVENSON. OFF NINTH— FUR-
I -ii nished rooms, 85.
. Ul >er -1 rea ..
C 1 A SUTTER— LARGE SUNNY PARLORS;
uiT other rooms: low rent to desirable parties.
7fV'_> SUTTER (SAN REMI) - ELEGANT
I \JO newly furnished rooms, suite or dingle.
'At»jrlor;.Stree4.
COO TAYLOR (THE l/TICA) — 2 SUNNY
oJZi'J room for gentlemen only, bath. $12;
single. (8. •-.'..-•■■-. - . .-• ;■
lurk Sireo..
~\AQ TURK -SUNNY ROOM;' ORATE, GAB,
uiO bath; light housekeeping; single.
twenty-second Street. :
Q;rrr» TWENTY-SECOND, NR. DOLORF.S— S
iJOOIJ vice bunny rooms and bath: $12 60.
Miscellaneous.'
SUNNY 6 ROOMS AND BATH. . COB. NINE-
O teenth arid Han ford sts.: Cpstro cars- •-.
MINING MACUINKKY.
I^TA M PM ILL--B EBT,"^JHEAPEM rTsTMi?LEST)
O most durable stumpmlll; running every after-
noon from a to 6 at Golden State Miners' Foundry,
20l ilrsi;uo cams 10 break nortappeti to get loose.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Tm^^osT^ nkTvan ness avk^Tu^ny
-L -1 Ul bay-window room and parlor suite; first-
claas table: the best appointments; private family."
PI 0 V X VV °R T H - NICELY FUR-
Civ/ uished large rooms, with board: reason-
able. ■
719 PINE— ROOM. EXCELLENT BOARD
I or<J $20 rer month; sunny suite; reasonable.
010 EDDY (HJLATH)— KLEOANT SUNNY
*)1— bay-window saltes: single; board- refer-
ences. 1
79^ PINE .(KEN OVA): ELEGANT APART-
-1 _;t» ments, ■ furnished or untarnished, with su-
perior b^ard; travelers solicited; references.
OfkO VAN NESS— NE WLY FURNISHED SUN.
<■■> Ny rcoms: good board; reasonable.. .>
HOTKL BERTLING, 714 KUSH -A FA M-
xx lly hotel; references giveu and required: all
in'H.v'i conveniences.
CHILl>K*:.s ' BOAKDED;
pOOD home FOR 1 or 2 children; les-
VJ sons superintended: music if desired; Jersey
cow; terms $8. M., box 6, Call Office. Oakland
"I ONE WIDOW- wT-.~HEs ,A CHILD TO
I ' board; a mother* care. 172 ' silver »'.. city.
STORES ,'iO LET.
AT LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
ha em-tit. 324 Pua- st.
OFFICES TO _ET.
"I?LEGANT MODERN FURNISHED OFFICE
XJ to rent; fine wareroom In connection; ground
floor: cheap to right party; suitable any kind of
Office business. X.. box 15. Call Oflice.
OFFICES FOR DOCTORS OR DENTI-Ts:
very elegantly furnished ofllces:one entire floor;
otticeß on sni;e. 901 Suttwr st., co. Leavenworth..
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. - .
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THE
fact that we are, selling good-toned second-
! hand plnaos tor $3, $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
| ful new. uprights for Sb\ $7, $8, $9 and $10 per
{ month; do cash payment required larger than the
.above amounts: all purchasers of upright piano*
from us have the privilege of exchanging same for
a Steinway any time within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLaY A CO.,
representatives of Pteinway A Son*' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; also Oak-
| land, Cal.: Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
! A BsoLUTELYTHEOLUKST AND LARGEST
I xt house west or Chicago Is KOHLER &
I CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
: enns and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms eisy: price* lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
j customer.
_ CJCaLLY TH ti BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
■ft- anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3
I 4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $'-'0 monthly pay-
| ments; flue stoOl and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In th» city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. sPENCiiIt CO,
! salesrooms 93S Market su. opp. Mason.
: "VTOTICE TO DRUM CORPS— THIN SNARE
: — ■> heads for sale at very low 1 rites: factory SW.
i cor. Twenty-fourth and Rhode Island sts. P.
I bTOLBEKQ. , ■'
HA 1 N BROS., BUSH <fc GERTS AND
Knabe pianos atclotlngout prices. WILLIAM
C HAMILTON, successor 10 A. L. BANCROFT
A CO., 824 Post si. -
IJARGAINS— AN ELEGANT SQUARE. $49:
I > one chapel solid oak Estey organ, 847 60; re-
member, we tun • pianos for $2. J. HARRY
! SCOTT, 626 Hayes st. .
EAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
X* IBM received and for sale cheap. Z. MAU-
i VAIS Music C<mpan. , 769 Marketst.
OO » UPRIGHT, CHEAP; GRi-.AT BAR-
gain. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlber-
nia Bank.
LEG ANT UPRIGHT PIANO: LATEST
Xv style; a bargain. 115 Seventh st.
HOICK STANDARD MAKE UPRIGHT;
\J sacrificed Immediately. C. s.. box 42, Call.
QTEINWAY SACRIFICED: A GRAND IN-
O strument. Room 12, Flood building.
i \\ 1 ANTED, FOR CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
I »» uprights. BRUENX, 228 Post st.
\TAGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
I>JL schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
\\T O. BADGER. SOLE A ENTFOKHALLET
• ' 'A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacto.
YRONMAIZY, 308 PosT ST.— >OHMKR,
Newby A Kvan*. Briggs and other pianos.
S^UPEKIOP. VIOLINS. ZITHKK!*, OLD NEW
0 H. MULLEK. maker, repairer 2 La ham place.
LEGANT EMERSON, FIRST-CLASS CON-
ditlon, at sacrifice. E. W.L CX.116 McAllister.
"LMNJS UPRIGHT PIANO, $110; SQUAKI., *30.
T STATHAM A CO., 106 Mc.i Ulster st.
DOLLAR A WKB.K ON XX.NT CONTRACT
burs new 1 lan '. Im6 Kill st.
educational.
KOStXtB L. EAMKS, A. THOR OF~^lTgiTt^
X\ line Shortuand." teacher of shorthand, type-
writing, bookkeeping and languages, will receive
pupils for private instruction day and evening;
systems taught: Eames, Isaac Pitman, Ben Pit-
man. Graham, M union and Marah; dictation for
speed. Room 70, Flood building. -'■ >-'
EALU'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue,
AYKKS', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 324
Montgomery st.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. :
life scholarship 50: low rates per week and mo.
"\roiCK, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND KLO-
V cution; latest and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOUN, 3915 California »L
NGINEKI.ING SCHOOL: MECH.. EL EC,
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, archil.. X ray
tanght;es.lB64. A. VAN PER NAILLr Mkt
IJOOKKEKPING THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
»-) or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARK, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'S SHOKTiiAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses leu and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
, ELAoCO'a LYCtIUM SCHOOL OF AtTI.NV.
iJ Private theatric-— nrranßed; pupils reheanal
on 'tag*. K. 5 and 12, 1. X). o. F. block. 7th and Mkt
T>OSB- VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. KE-
XV moved to Douonoe bldg, cor Market and Tay-
lor sts.
OOKKPNG. WRITNQ, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
i-> day «fc night: no classes: $5 month. 845 Mission.
"VriGHTBCHOOL:HEALD I SBUS.COLLEOE;24
X> Post ;commerclal,sborthand, English .low rates.
ROF. LOUIS MKRKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr Powell.
p UITAR. MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAL
VX lessons, $3 mo. Mary WcsLhau>,. 39 Fifth.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German laheung"g:B2 mo. avlnr.r7.
__! UOKsLS. ~~
CRKDITOR' SALE AT ACCTION— CON-
\J tents of livery stable, 3114 sixteenth' st., near
Valencia, Monday, November 23, at 11 o'clock
a. m. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers, oflice
327 Sixth st. I '
At\ HOUSES FOR SALE;' ALSO WAGON i
Tv/ baggier, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Blx.h st. ; auction sales every Weau*»-
(Uy. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
'I ill. EMPORIUM SALKS YARDS, 220 V A-
X lencla St., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange hones, bugUes. wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
Z\t)t\ t>KT NEW AND bKCONU-HAND HAH-
%)\J\J ness; all kinds: t'uggy.wason, carts, surrar
A rockawav: 40 cheap bofses. 15th and Valenclv
"1 C (\ bKi'S NEW AND bKCOND HAND HAK-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, eurro/i.
rockaways, cart*:* must be sold. - 1128 Mission _
L LECrRIC HORSE-CLIPPING; CALLED FOR
Xi and returned. 640 Valencia; lei. Mission, 217.
C/l HEAD DRIVING A.»ll WOKIv HORSfca;
Q\f weight 1000 to 1700 'h». K>','2 Hnw.rl it.
WAGONS AM) CAIU:IA«IS3.
1 ANDAU CARRIAGE FOR SAL E, $30, AT
XJ Pierce and Eddy St. stable?.
T?OR SALE— BUI'CHKK'S LIGHT DELIVERY
T wagon: one tea and spice wagon. 1340 Turk.
t-OLAsS LANDAU HACK. IN PRIVATE USE
»-> 1 -.ear, at WAI COM BROS., 217 Ellis St.
lv.. - dALE- Jl.l»c;_ii^_A-\_.v#lj.S.
L'REKH ' DURHAM COW • RICH MILK:"
X gallons; gentle. 1312 Folsom St.
8K FOR THAT hOLITAIRE DIAMOND
ring; $.6; cos $30. Unce Harris, 15Grantav.
ASK FOR THAT GENT HORSESHOE-PIN;
835. worth »80. Uncle Harris. 15 Giant aye.
SKFORTH.ri' LOVELY LADY DIAMOND
pin; 84 6, worth 880. Uncle Hairls.ls Grant ay.
AT A BARGAIN— 6O SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs, rockers, etc.: also a few fine baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First su, near Mission. UX^ IA
'*>) HOKShPOWER OT'IO (.as KNUINK, SEC -
— • ond-hand: in perfect order; for sale cheap- can
be seen running at 607 Market st.
EDIU.M DOC B.E DOOR FIR PROOF SAFEI
scale and register cheap. 8 Mission su
elegant 2D HAND PARTY DRESSES
XJ and sealskins; cheap. FABIAN, 1020 Folsom.
L'IR»T-Ci.ASS SKCONI--HAND . GASOLINE
X engine; suitable for pumping. F., box 22, Call
C~<OFFEE MILL. = SCALES, LETTER PRESS
\J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.'
VfONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
1U the best. W. S. RAY MFG. Co., 12 California
I ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BUELV-
" Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1003Misglon. nr.7tb,
UILERS.KN OINES.i: D-HAN MACHINERY
JJ. water- pipes. Mclntosh <fc Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ONK SMALL MKDIUM AND LAKGE-SIZE
ti'- and burglar proof HHf* IU9-11 1 Market sr.
bXOKAGJi. ~ •
A"^^L^w^KXrl£o^Fuli^rTuTtE7^^
pianos, etc.; clean, dry," light compartments! :
advances made. J NOON AN, 1017 10 1023 ML*-
. Blon, above Sixth: open evenings. '■:'.
T^L'KNITUKK. AMOS, TRUNK-.; A l>
X* vances. »hlpplng CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. '211 Larkln.
T^O^StJLTTFREE. THE MEXICAN REMEDY
\J Co.'s physician: positive cure neuralgia, kid-
ney trouble, rheumatism. 204VS Leavenworth st.
A 1 RS. LENA CARKOLL-NICHOLSON, MIsS
l'l Sophie Newlands and M. Crepaux will sli g
and Fraulein Valeseo Scharcht (pupil of Joa-
chim) and Mr. Lovell Langstroth ('cello) will play
next Wednesday evening at the students' enter-
tainment of the School of Magazine and Newspa-
per Illustration, 424 Pine st. 1
A RE YOU GETTING BALD? ~7~ :
A My private remedy sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth In 30 days if roots not dead;
eradicator of dandruff. For testimonials and cir-
culars call 424 Folsom St., near First. J. W.
O'HOW. Kept by all druggists.
XPERTS, MY ARTISTS, EVERY ONE OF
JjJ thrm, aud they do any kind of halrdressing
for 25c; strictly one price: ; switches $1; -Quino-
nia" hair tonic 35c a bottle.: G. LEDERKR, 111
Stockton st. ■ ..•■--
TTrTneta brundage returned, CHIR-
Xf opodibt; corns cured. 14 Geary si., room 11.
KALEMOFF CURES DANDRUFF. ITC KING
0 scalp, stops hair irom falling out. Agents
wanted, 113 Turk st.
TiHEUMATISM Positively Cured; .' . .
It ALSO NEURALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic catarrh ■ and dys-
pepsia; patients treated ' successfully by mail;
mil .ll expense : write for particulars; sunny rooms
and board if desired. DU. SMITH'S Hyuenic
Sanitarium. 1513 Buchanan st.; free consultation.
DV ICE -FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A KPifi.
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all'
)bw suits, claims, collection ), wills, deeds, etc.. at- '
:<:ndedta G. W. HQWE.atty-at-law. 850 Markets:.
LEGANT MASQUERADE COSTUMES, AN-
DERSON'S. 121 Stockton St.: country orders.
OUITS CLEANED, x'KESSISD, $1; KEI'AIKS
Odyelng done. 26Montcomery, r. 4; tel.red 2374.
ETURNDD— MMK. ROLAND, TEACHER OF
1\ French language. 765 Market st.; room 15.
T KGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
JLj out publicity: advice free and confidential.
J. G. JEFFREbS, 632 Market St., room 23. •
UREE TEST B FOBS PAYJNG. MME.
r JACEENETT, clairvoyant and card-reader,
514 V-; Jones st. '
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF JlAR-
riuge; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address locn box F., 906 Market St., S. F.
1 ana cards. $1 50. show CARDS, ktc.
1 UUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22i/ 3 Geary st.
O TO 609 THIKD; CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening and plastering; estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
<_ 1 A DOZEN-FIN CABINETS AT WlL-
<]pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market. ,
UPERFLUOL 'a HAIK PERMANENTLY RK,
moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bnsh.below Fillmore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th A Sa.
IMTS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEASES OF
JP women. DR. BPIT2Y. 413% Kearny, 1 to 4 p.m.
KAZOK EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET—
-tt ment: tine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
'1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur.
Dished for $1: call or write. 10291/3 Market at.
Let. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
i-hin:-; uses the klnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. .
WATCHES. DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
»» kinds at reduced price*: must move; : building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
UPTUKK AMI PILES CURED; No PAY
until cured: nend for book. DRS. MANS-
FIELD A PQKTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
/CLOAKS, FUKS AND SUITS RETAILED Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE— CUKK FOit
corns, bunions, warts; 26c. - 327 Montgomery.
\ LL*ACIAL BLEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
ft. hair, mole% freckles. sc»rs, eta. removed by
1 lite Electrolysis Co., 226 Tore, nr. Leavenwonn.
]»1U OUTDOOR STKKKOPTICON SHOW KVB-
-«■> 17 sight cor. Market and btxth sts. ; artistic at-
vtr'.lsemenls In living light; promoters of bail*
tug. Consult OWL ADV. CO- 114U Markwiit.
linjiCTßlO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
a Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
11.4) rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night: tl 50 to $3 pec
week: free bns and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 IBKUAL ADVANCK.-4 o-S JUAMON j_\V-
J J elry. rtr. : lowes: r«ti»». biH Market st.
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIE-f
clothing boneht. fOLMAN. 43 3<i cor. Je*Vi«
UKts»MAktUS.
SUITS MADE 1 narant'-fd. UP; SKIRTS. St.
car**. SI: fl cunranteed. 559 >teven«on Bt.
CLAIKVOVAM'S.
M~"7\s7lTiT~F~cTrA ~h k l< ~~ ~"~ ~
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
4-0 GEARY STREET.
The world's most famous medium of modern
times: it you are in doubt that %ne can and will
perform all she claims feel yourself invited to
call and she will give you more substantial proof
of her marvelous power than you have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fail to see her
If you are interested In the affairs of life; if mar-
riage, sickness, dt-ath's changes, travels, divorces,
separations, lkWstMs, tuMnena transactions, Wilts,
deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen property, lost
or absent mends interest you: if yon care to know
what you should do to be successful, where you
should go and whom to avoid, when to buy and
sell stock, cc— a word, whatever may ie your
trouble, suspicions or desires, call on this gifted
woman and she will send you away happier, w'ser
and bolder th in ever before. Hours 9 _ m. to 8
p. m. strict. Fee $1 and $2. send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms.
MRS. F. CLARK. 420 Geary st.
MMfc. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader: born with a double veil and
se.-ond bight: allies 60c; gents $1; pamlitrv and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. l'J6'lurk st., nr. Jones.
/ 1 ITaNA. THJS GIPSY Q. EKN, 8 TURK ST. ;
* J truthful predictions; tellable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles you have, corns, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
\IMK. t-CUMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
I*l past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mail; low prices. 856 Mission st.
ONSULT THE LUCKY MKDM'M: FEE 25c:
V^ satisfaction guaranteed. 41 Minna, basement.
ME. H.\ NSEN. PALMIST, C RD-Rr.ADER;
lv. past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th nt, r. 6.
\V ONDEKFULt'LAItiVOYANT LIFE-ILK AD-
» » er, 50a 635 Geary st.
ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNtTIC HEAL-
-I*l er and card-reader. «oom 2. 122 Post st.
MX. WALTERS, THE CARD-RK A Ui'.R. KE-
turned; ladies, 25c; gents, 60c. 951 Mission.
VI ME. SYBILLK TELLS FRuM CKADLU TO
i'J grave: pictures given : Indies 25c: 914 O'Farretl.
\\ MX. MOrtEAU, BEST FOR , UNK-Tl.l LXX
>'' and medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard.
\\J ELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT.MISS M 1.-
- '' VILLE moved irom 1053 Mark< Ito 61 Fifth.
\ 1 ME. LkGETTE— PKKSKNT. PAST AND
-*' future: 25c; one price. 311 Tebamast., nr.4lh
D a BURR. JUST RETURNED: MEDIUM
and card-reader. 131 Taylor, rooms 1 and 2.
ME. LKIINA, CARD-KEXDKR AND MAO-
netlc healer: pa lor 12, 865 V_ Market. 2d floor.
GYPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
seventh si., or. Market; ladles Vsc; gents 60c.
\| ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i' » busln«ss advice: names given ; 25c up. -• Fourth
MR. PKAKL.MAGNETICHEALEK; 1 liVl'-
l in ( arris: crmrnis. "23 PostHt. room —
Si-JlUllAltlSil.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um. re urned: life readlnw, love affairs, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission it, . _——________.
DR. MAUD IN MAN ; ELKCTRO-THERA-
peutlc treatment diseases.' 216 Kearny st.,
rm. 8, 9, front. • •- • ■
KS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK; READ-
i>I ines daily, SI; circles, 25c: i>unday, Tuesday
and lay, 8 o'clock; ladles' circle, Thurs. 2 p. m
•>Ol- MCALLIST. X— MKN. C. J. MEYER;
t>_iU test meetings every nl^bt; Tne.. FrJ.,2p. v.,
10c: business sittings: trance 25c. Sat, eve. 81.
MRS. DUPREE, GREATEST TRANCE
trumpet medium in the world. 24 Turk St.,
parlor 12. .
Trle WILL give ANOTHER SLATE-
J writing seance Sunday: seats 331) Kills st.
ME. BAH!?. SPIRITUAL TEST MEDIUM,
sittings, 1 to 6p. M. 1705 Market st.
M. FU~>NCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATK
. writer. 118HalKhtBt. : hours 9 until 9p. m
M~ RS. ELLIS. AIKDIUM, SIT TINGS, 9TOB, 91;
circles Tues.. Fri.. 2 P. M., 26c. 1824 Market st.
v, Ra SHRIN i-R. TRANCE MEDIUM: SIT
'■ lines daly. $1: circle Snn. eve. 311 Van Nets
"~ ASTKOLOGV.v ~~~ ~~
JpTifiR^MXNCY^T^UG U T SCIE^TIfTcAL^
\J lv: readings: letters answered. MKb. WALK-
ER. 629 Post st. ; .
\ STRAL SKKR-FROF. HOLMES, I 'FIFTH,
ft room* -12-13: horoscopes: qii"^tion<: advice.
_ ————— __
LOST.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNI A
Savings ana L an Society of Kan Francisco
In the name of Si Conn. No. 108672. . The finder
will please re urn to bank. . : ,
OST— ON THE WAY HOME FROM THE
Columbia Theater, one Ea tern Star pin.
Pleass return to this office and receive reward. ■.
OsT— WHITK FOX TERRIER; REWARD.
, D>Lodk aye., near Golden Gate Park. ■■•- . :.
OST— BLACK POCKET-BOOK AT BUSH-
street Theater. Return 1716 Clay st.
ObT— A PASSBOOK WITH THE - HIBER-
nia savings and Loan society of San Fran-
cisco, In the name of HANa CHRISTIAN AN-
PERSEN. No. 110,782. The flnuer will please
return to bank. ;' .". .-:' . ■ ' ". ■
OST-FOX TERRIER BITCH: JUST A
mother. Finder will kindly return to liquor-
store, 795 Mission St.: reward. - : -
OST-URUB 2-STONi; DIAMOND RING,
j probably bet. car. tacramento and Powell, or
Clay, bet Powell and Jones; libera reward. = Re-
turn to K.E. MONROE, fifth floor, room 33.
Mills bldg. ■ .■■■-.■-. - ■• ."■ :,:r
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
IJ nia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco, In ihe name of THOMAS' BRADY. No.
72,633. . The finder will please return 10 bank. ;
-.:'; CITY." KEAL ESTATE. : ":".
NEAR CARS; $10 PER MO.
O THE vcCaBTHY CO.. 646 MarKet st.
JUST COMPLETED—
Choice modern bay-window '< cottace on the SW.
cor. of 22d and Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
of TOBIN A MeN ALLY. 630 Market St.
SUBSTANTIAL MODEUN HOUSKB BUILT;
O $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 114 a Misslou.
<£ 1 fU\f\ COTTAGE 3 ROOMS IN BEU-
tJiIUUU. kelev: lot 4OxlbO: fib monthly.
tlOOO— Corner 100x100; $50 down: $15 monthly
400— Lot 40x12i»: (25 down: $*5 monthly.
$500— Half acre hill land: *10 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 'JO Monißomery st.
I COUNTKY lIEA-L ISSTATK. :
iHuiCKEX RANCH ! TO LET; 4 ACRES;
\J nicely Improved : inside city limits; $150 per
year. O. C. YOUNG, Petaluma. ■■ ''.-.'
FARM THAT PAYS 12 PER CENT NET ON
the investment: 80 acres highly Improved; 25
acres wine grapes; 30 acres orchard; ail vines and
trees in fine, healthy condition. aud. full bearing;
spring water; good bouse 6 rooms and oath: small
house for men: larpe barn; personal 1 roperty:
a forced sale; price 12,000 r- _D WIN K. aLSIP
a. CO., 29, second floor Mills building. -
, ■''-•'"' 9 ■
SACRIFICE SALK— SIXTEEN ACRES FULL-
O bearing vineyard; best varieties; surrounded
by fruit, olives, ornamental - trees; gently
sloping; deep, rich soil; grand view; ii /■> tiunr.,'
ride from city; close to station (and college): ele-
gant 8-room cottage; mantels, bathroom, hard tin-
ish: large - sub-cellar, chicken yard,' stable, fine
water, windmill; c imate unsurpassed: sea breeze,
mountain air: building : cost $3250; price only
$7250; part cash. Owner, 47 South Park.
ARIN CO. »000 acres; 26 miles from city;
lots any size: fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre; eron to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO ,65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS BELLING
■i *■ the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda County in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, li/«j hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: half cash: owner
must seil;. title penect; investigate. 67 Chroni-
cle building. ' • . . |
QEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
O pamphlet of California land* for sale by H.
FRANCIS, rooms 69-70-71, Chronicle • building,
Ban Francisco, CaL .
I 1 1 T LE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW > . 1M-
Xj proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre piece*
on 8 and 10 years' credit.. I). H. TWINO, Sonoma
City: every Mu-ul-iv at 632 afar*<>t s?.. S. F.
riIOPKIiTY Tit jtXCJIANtiK.
97-ACRE RANCH, SANTA CRUZ C 0... $3,500
— < 4 30-acro ranch near San Jose 5.000
8-rrom house and lot San Jose 3,500
POt>-acre ranch In Santa Clara Co 4",000
S-room house in Belmont, Ban Mateo C 0... 3,000
20 houses in Oakland from $500 to 000
15 houses in Berkeley from $200 to 10,000
I HAVE ALL KINDS OK PROPERTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C DECK EH, IOJO Market St., opp. Fifth.
OEXD FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTEK & WHIT TON, San Jose.
rpiMBER— I2BO ACRES; KERN CO.: PLENTY
1 water: excellent work ranrh. X.. h»x IK. (**!'.
. iiO.NLV TO LOAN.
~ 4 1 f\ n f\C\f\' r ° A X ; 6y a P E RECENT;
<3>ii\J\J.\J\J\J city realty, also Oakland: bank
rates; lite insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE A CO., 218 Montgomery st.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
/V jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery si., room 3.
T OANS ON REAL r.SI'ATK FIRST OR SEC-
J— I ond mortgages, and furniture or pianos, any
amount: lowest rates. BECKEK, 328 Montgomery
»i_ Ol^i nC\f\ TO -OAN IN SUMS TO SUIT ON-
O-V.UUU city real estate. M. B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st. , .
<£ IT. (\fi(\ in trust AT 8 % ON keales-
«J. \JO.\i\JKJ tate 2d mortgage, on piano« a furnl-
ture; no attorney's fee.' ISAACS. 240 Monigomery.
ONfc-Y LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
i'l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market Mason ; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT OX YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donobuc b dg, 1170 Market su
* LWA YS ON TOP FOR LIBERAL AC-
Jr\ vnnces at : ow Interest; call and be convinced.'
Cut-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bids, 809 Market
(2JOO?. |knn Ai BANK. KATE-; IST AND j
tJ)O_t>.UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.; |
lend as low as $50. H. MIKI'Hy. 628 Market st.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKWEIiKY.KTO ]
Columbia Loan A < ollateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
"PRIVATE PAKTV LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security; low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
ANY AMOUNT; LOWEST HATE; IST A2D
mortCßKe: flat or Installment. Drvden, 535 CaL
FAW.MJKOKKUS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OF?
clothing. Conmopo'ltan f o»n offir.-. 49 Third.
FINANCIAL. : !
flfi f\C\ i\i\(\ T<> LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
>PH'.MM» M,,.' V m, ■.-■-.» fwi.^aff n«»p.B)ilz.
■UtIMCAJEt.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from and diseases -peculiar to- their sex:
latest Improved method of treatment; never
falls: 1 erfectly harmless; tree Irom any hs I
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped immellately; prices to suit
the times; - home in confinement.' DR. 431115. j
DA VIES. 14 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $J;
hours from 9 A. m. to 5 p. ir. and 7 to 9 P. m. . " •
PROCJiSS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: flrsi-Ciass priva'.e
home for confinement. MRS. D 1 . DALEY, 1126
Market St., over the Owl Drug store.
DR. FOULET'S FRENCH CAPSULE*. A*
guaranteed absolute cure for all female Irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safa*
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in tim «,
It also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per oox:
pent free by mail on receipt of price, WALLER-
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban rranclsco. .
* KEW PROCF.SS— NO" MEDICINE, INSTRU-
1\- ment or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physic. an for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DBS. NAIL, »18 Kearny.
KS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
. near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patient*: best
skill; free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st.
bURE CUKh. FOR ALL, FKMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; home 1c confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed oc
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Turk st.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dit. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market St.; his 30 year*'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair -treatment:
the worst cases treated satlsfac.orily by mail.
LPiiAli'S FRENCH PILL^— A iiOUN TO
ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: {2 60 express »'. O. I).: . don't delay
emu too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland. CaL
METROPOLITAN DISPKNSAKY. 10731^
Market st. : 20 years' experience in nervous
aad sexual diseases; both sexes; consultation free.
nrvPAID FOR A CASETFAILTOCTJREOF
tJuUUfenmle complaints or diseases of the eye;
consnitatlou tree. MRS. DR. SCOTT. 513 Jones s'-
OME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 r.lghth st., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR A-"> V FEMALE DISEASE
see MKs.DK. PITETZ and be content. 2b4U> 4th.
I »R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
JJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
KS. DKS. DONOVAN, 1308 FOLSOM. ST.;
confl emer>t: terms reasonable.
I>K>TISTS.
rTlTtV^ranz— kxtr action p alxle ssT
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. - 336 Sutter. NX. cor. Stockton.
(JJ./T FULL SET OF Ir.KTH WORTH $16:
»J) 1 . warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
50e. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
1/>ULL SET OF ■TEETH, $7, WARRANTED;
X 1 filling 60c. crowns $3.. DR. BROWN, aiVi 3d.
1 L'IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY OK MONEY
X 1 back: installment plan; established 12 years..
Office cor sixth «nd Mission, over I X L, store.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DIiCKKR.
K. E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
plates same price as rubber.; 14 Grant aye.
' (_.'7 A SET FOX TKETH— WAKRA.NTED A3
tip I good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater. - ' 1
I PAINLESS KXTUACIIoN, 50c: CROWN
• .L bridge work a speclHltv: plates $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no chance for . extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
■ teeth from $8 per set: extracting Sue; gas given.
I;ET Or' TEE WITHOUT A PL_.TJbi DX.
; OH. O. Young. 1841 Polk st. ■■■■■■'■
DX. J.J.LEKK. I*o6 MARKET, COX. GOLDEN
Gate :. open evenings: snndavs till noon.
ROOMB DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 709 MAR-
\J bet, bet. 3d and 4th: ■ gas specialists; painless
1 extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
DR. O_OROE W. LEEK, THE - GENUINE
• Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of 1 improved • bridge work or . teeth
'without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell «.
II WORK TO suit TiMKs: warranted.
DR. BEA, 1370 Market St., front City Hail. ■
ALL WORK REASON ABLK AND WAK-
ranted. US. .1 .W. KKY. 1122 Market st. ■
__ ________________
PHYSICIANS.
YSk. C. C. O'DONNELU 1208 Tm AKKET, COR?
' XJ Golden Gate ; diseases of wuai«n a specially.
OAKLAND AMERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
_ . OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
MODERN" RESIDENCE; CENTRAL; NEAR
— *-L station: one of the very best neighborhoods;
beautiful : house: 8 * rooms; bath: cement base-
ment: handsome decorations; porcelain bathtub:
gas fixtures included; laige lot; must be sold:
price reduced to $4000: terms can be arranged.
A. H. BREED & CO., 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
yLMHUitoT I,uTS~ JOSh ■> TKACi': ON
J ■> terms; cement walks; 5c fare to Oakland; buy
of owner. See L. L. M. >.\i SIiUKV, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland, or A. JONES, Elmhurst.
.7= liOTS A.vD UPWARD; BUY NQW
«3D I O when you can: but few lots left in the
Allendale tract, situate in • Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland; this is the only choice property
now being offered In th's ■- tate at such" low prices:
near a fine school: two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go t.vrousfn this tract; grand
view: rare site for a home: drainage perfect;
street all, graded; some macadamized; homes
now here and others being built; terms, ii casn,
*5 monthly. ioS Ninth at., Oakland. H. Z.
JON owner.
TTO! FOR FITCHBUKU!
'iO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY ASD
IKIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
iIURO, SAN LEANDRO AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
Pee Southern Pacific Time-Cant.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
iRDITVALE IS THE PLACE. FAST-
taT SUBURBAN 1 RAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
: *OOT OF MARKET -. STREET, i'O
i'ITCHBURG STATION IN
FORT Y- FIVE- MINUTES.
AlHtneda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains «ini;ed
by the Fitchburg scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes. . %
. If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented tuid prosperous in Fltcii-
burg. .
Fitchbnn- '* the most promising suburb on the
direct line of np-to-date public and private im-
provements In the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line ot fast-sailing . vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county road]
leading to it. are incon: estlble proofs. It is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented wttu
bvcuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grove*
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a borne while cheap; for speculation on v
rising market; for a turn be : first for Investment
cow, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply from S
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of me oue-mx«sec vacu lit
an Inaccessible bayfleld.
Lots 25 and BO leet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 pec
cent cash; deterred payments in easy ina tallmeuu;
UUe perfect. ■
W. V. McCLURK, ir> Montgomery st, S. if.
1 HAD. S. FITCH. Fltchburg. *
OAKLAND JTUKNiTCBIS FOR SALE.
\\TEAR DIAMONDS BY PA'IROISIZING .H
" scilKl LHAAB. furnlture-doaler. lUh. Oaitld
ALAMEDA = ADVERTISEMENTS-'
, AtAJIEDA KKAt ESTATE.
(JjOOrrv HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE OF
tJ)O_.c)V'. 7 rooms:' latest design; choice cor-
ner lot, SOxlOO; easy terms.
$2400— cash, $25 monthly; cottage 5 rooms
and bath: lot 60x125; close to station.
!f"t3oo— s 00 cash: elegant new colonial cottage;
5 rooms, reception-ball ad bath.
MARCUSE A REMMEL,
Bay-street station (broad gauge), Alameda; 628
Market *t., San Francisco. Oillce open Sundays
and holidays. -
AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
Jt\ investment of a small capital lv Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new f>-room cottages In a first-class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within halt block of business street and electiic
railway: artesian well gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: uo offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A. R. DENK.E, 1503
Seventh st., Alameda. Cal.
Hi^liKiiLli it . KcAL .ESTATK.
<!_1 iKfi THE BARGAIN OF .THE SEA-
-0 1 4 O\)% son; house of 6 rooms; large lot:
stable, chicken-house; street work done; near sta-
tion. Jos. J. MASON, Berkeley station.
■VfEW MODERN 6-KOOM COTTAGE, 40x100,
I -Li $1500 $18 monthly: 5-room cottage, 40xb0,
! $850, *1 5 monthly. F. BoKGLE, Golden Gale, or
W. C. Mohan, i.orin.
LEGAL NOTICES.
XN Foreclosure of Mortgage— ln . the Superior
Court of the Male of California. in and for tue City
and County of «an Fr.incUco. - Clara Schnabel,
plaintiff, vs. Jacob Rich and Gus Lion, as assignee
in insolvency of Jacob Rich, an insolvent aebtor,
defendants. Whereas under and by virtue of an
order of sale, Issued out of, and under the seal of
the above entitled court on November 6, 1896, In
thi> above entitled action, wherein Clara schnabel
obtained a ]udg ent and decree of foreclosure and
sale ngainst said defendants on the 28th day of
Oc ober, 1896, and against Jacob Rich and
Gus Lion, as assignee in insolvency of
Jacob Rich, an mso.vent debtor, tot the sum of
fifteen hundred ($1500) dollars principal, and one
hundred and nineteen and 80-100 ($ll9 100)
dollars accrued interest, and one hundred and
I twenty-five ($125) dollars counsel fees, and thir-
' teen ($l3) dollars accrued cots; all payable in
I United Mates gold coin: said sums amounting in
J the aegregute to the sum of seventeen hundred
and fluy-seven and £0-100 ($17 67 and 80-100) dol-
I lars; and which judgment was duly • ntered and
recorded on the said O tober MS, .S9b. in judg-
! ment book 32 of said court at page 312. by which
judgment, 1 as a Commissioner therein, specialty
appointed for the purpose, am directed and com-
manded to sell all those pieces or parcels of land,
situate in the City and county of i-au Francisco,
Mate of California, and particularly described as
follows, 10- wit: -
First— Commencing at a point on the northerly
line of Broad avenue, distant thereon 105 feet
westerly from the westerly line of Plymouth ave-
nue; running thence westerly along said line of
Broad avenue 27 feet 6 inches; thence at right
angles northerly 125 feet: .hence at right angles
easterly 27 feet' 6 Inches, aid thence southerly
125 feet to the point of commencement; being
lot 10, block J, upon trie official map of the Rail-
road Homestead Association No. 2 filed in the
oihce of the County Recorder of the . City and
1 ounty of Ban Francisco, Cal. Second — Com-
mencing at the northeast corner of Athens street
and Jhjian avenue, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Japan ave-
nue 100 feet; then at right antcies north-
erly 160 feet; thence a. -right angles
westerly, parallel with Japan avenue 1 00 feet, and
I tbei.ee southerly alon* the eas .*Tly line of Athens
I street. 150 . feet to the point Of commencement:
1 being known as lot No. 4 in block No. 70, upon a
certain map en titled "Map of the i-.xcols.or Hume-
stead Assooatlon," recorded In liber "500" of
Deeds, records of the City and County of Ban
i-ranclsco, California. Third — Commencing on
the northerly me of Marshall street, and at a
puin. di taut SOU ieet easterly from' the i easterly
line of Congdoa street, thence northerly para.
I with ConLdon street 110 feet, thence ac right an-
I gles easterly parallel with Marshall street 50 feet,
thence at . right angles southerly parallel with
Congdou ■ street 110 feet to . the northerly
line of \mrsi;all street, and thence westerly along
the northerly line of Mars street 50 feet to the
point of commencement; being MM 18 tn block 19
0 the Colfge Homestead Association, at cording
to map thereof fileu for record in the office oi the
Recorder of the City and County of -an Francisco,
California, July 19,"l»71. Fourth— Thaje certain
pieces or parcels of laud situate, lying and bring
in the li. inai Rancbo, in the 1 ity and County of
ban Francisco, and kuown and designated upon a
certain map entitled '"Gift Map No. 2," us and by
the numbers 952 and 954, being each 25 feet in
width, front and rear,' and 70 ieet deep, according
to a map thereof tiled m the oflice of the hecorder
of the City and County of ban Francisco, Cali-
fornia. '. Fifth— Commencing -at a point on the
easterly line of Twenty-ninth avenue, distant
thereon 125 feet, southerly from the southerly lice
of (J street; running thence southerly along said
Hue or Twenty-uluth ave..ue 25 feel; thence at
right angles easterly 1-0 feet; thence at right,
augles northerly 25 feet, and thence westerly 120
feet to the point of commencement; being known
ana designated as lot 43, in block / 1201, upon a
certain map entitled "Map ot the Property 01 , the
Feitun Tract Homestead Association," whlcn map
was tiled In the office of the X corder of the City
and .County uf : -an irauclsco July .23,
1870. Sixth— Commencing a; a corner formed
by the intersection 'of the • southwesterly
line of Twenty-fiftn aveuue bomb, with
the southeasterly line of J street South; running
thence southeasterly along the saidliueotTwent/-
-I.lth avenue Soutn 75 ieut; thence at right angles
southwesterly £00 feet to Twenty-sixth avenue
South; thence nor.hweaterly along tn» northeast-
erly il..eCf t. weuty-siJCth aveuue bout h 7o feet to
J street bomb, auu ih>nce northeasterly to
J street booth; and ; thence northeasterly along
said line of J street South i.OO feet to the point of
commencement; being known as lots 8 and 8 in
blocK 436 upon a certain map entitled, ".flan of
the Property ot the Bay View Homestead Associa-
tion,".' surveyed August, 1871, which- map is on
rile in the office of in* Recorder of iho city and
County Or .~-»u Francisco, v alltornia, iv book C.
- Now, therefore, public notice . Is • hereby given
that on Saturday, December 19, m 11:30 o'clock
a. 11. or tb&i day, at the | most southerly entrance
10 the City Hall from i-arkin street, - in the city
and county of Man Francisco, ruuiw "of 1 1 alif ornia,
1 will, in obedience 10 said order of sale and , judg-
ment and decree of foreclosure and Bale, , ell at
pubic auction allot the above described property,
or so much' thereof as may be stimulant .to 1 sat-
isfy said Judgment an i decree, with; interest a.d
costs, to the highest and best ■.. buiaer fur go.a coin
of the United estates. .': -. ■ " '
. E. M. ROSENTHAL, Commissioner.
Dated November 21, 1896." . -
-ATTOIW_IS.AT-LAW.
/XiwTce'free^di vorce~_ aws a specT
-»■ alty; private; no charge unless successful; ail
law suits, claims, collection!, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. . HOWE, ati'y-at-law, 850 Market.
RW. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tatlon free: probate; all cases: fees low. ■'
KINGORE at. MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room. 431 Parrott bulMin,- (Emporium).
l)Vlt'i'FKhK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO
' cessf ol.\W. - W. i»AVIL»3'j.N, Market st. v r
BIRTIiS— MARRIAGES—
BOKS. •; :
MOLACZYK— In this 7 city, November 20, 1393,
• 10 tn* wife of L Molaczvk. a daughter. . : ; ■
PATON— In Alameaa, November 1, 1593, to the
wife of John (4. ton, a son.
TRIEBER— In' this city,"* November 20. 1393, to
...the wife of J. W. Trleber, a son. . . I
UMLAND— In this city. November 19,1 896. to
i; tue wit.- or C G. Umland, a soil. . -
MAKKIKiJ.
BROWN— HALL— In this city. November 2. 1896.
by the Rev. W. D. W'l, llama, Dr Charles H.
Brown of San Francisco 'and Rose G. Hall of
' Han ford, Cal. ; ...
LUNDELI— NELSON— In this city. November
21. l^iH. oy the Rev. William D. Williams, Carl
S. LundeU and Ellen Nelson, both 01 San t'rau-
cisco. .
died; ""*
Angell. Charle* C. McGilllcuddy, Annie
Barnes, George P." Maloney, John J.
Becker, Henry March. John
• Beninsj, George E^A. x Morrill, Simon S.
Bon, Maria A.dela-Luz Neumann, Frances
Cot.r. John P. O'Keefe, Annie
Desmond,- Michael ■ • Parent!, Agosttno
Goodwin, Robert ' Peteraen, Matthew
Hearne, Stella B. .. .r Stevens. James
Hiegel, Mrs. Joiaanna — Trapp. John H.
Hoardon, Sarah J. Warner. Vincent
Hutchinson. Cap:. r. W. Watson, Amelia
ANGELL— in the Cltv and 1 County Hospital. No-
' vember 22, 1896, Charles Q Angell, aijoi 34
years. .
BARNES— In this : city, November 22. 1896.
George p. Barnes (with Gould it Jaudin), aged
27 years 5 month*. and 8 (lavs. -'_ .
49* Remains at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
946 Mission street, from 12 to 4 o'clock p. v.
THIS DAY (Monday).- Interment Daytoa, Nev.
BECKER— In this city, November ■ 39, 1896,
Henry, beloved husband of Ells-- Becker, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73 years 1 month and 18
days. A member of San Francisco Scnnetzeu
Vereln, Pacific Stamm No. 78, A. O. R. M., and
Aleruania Lodge No, 8 K. of P. ;
B rientl* and acquaintances are r^sppct-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from California
Hall, 6-0 Hush street, between Stockton aud
Powell. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery.
BENING— In this city, November 22. 1898,
George E. A., beloveil nusbaud of Augusta Ben-
in;, father of. Hermann: and Frlda Benin?, and
brother of Mrs. J. Puvogel, Mrs. Schroder
and Mrs. W. Tegeler. a native of Wazenfeld,
Germany, axed 27 years 1 month and .19 . u.\ys.
BON— In Temescal. Alameda County, Cal.. No-
vember 21. 1896, Maria Angus; a de la Lut,
widow of the late J. B. Bon. aud bwiove i mother
of C. A. Bon and Mrs. A. G. Chanche, a native ot
Havana, Cuba, aged 66 years. ■
99~Frlends and acauatntance<i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the Church
of the Sacred Hear;, Fortieth street, Temescal,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment private, St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland. t ..;■; .
COTTER— 'in this city, November 21. 1893, John
P., beloved son of James and Katie Cotter, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years and 8
' months.
*3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the rest-
Gence or the parents, 35 Moss street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOODWIN— In this city, November 20, 1896.
Robert, beloved husband of Amanda M. Good-
win, aged 74 years.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
DEsMOND— In this city, November, 22, 1896.
Michael, beloved brother or John and the late
Patrick Desmond, uncle of Mamie, Katie and
John Desmond and the laM Josie McCauley, and
brother-in-law of -Mrs. O'Malley, a native of the
parish of Scull. County Cork, Ireland, aged 56
years 1 month and 10 days.
Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 318 Vallejo street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HEARNE— In this city, November 20. 1896,
Stella Brlggs Hearne. beloved wife of M. A.
Hearne, and mother of Joau F. Hearne. a na-
tive of Maine, 48 years 1 month and 7 days.
[Bodie (Cal.) papers piease copy.J
JSE9"Friends and acquaintances ar° respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 716 Larkiu street, between Ellis and
O'Farrell. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock a. m.
HItGEL— At the German Altenheim. Fruitvale,
November 21, 1833, Mrs. Johanna Hit-gel, a na-
tive ot Germany, aged 73 years.
ASTFriends and acquaintances ar<> lOSiMOV-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. _, from the 1 German
Alienheltn, i-'ruitva.e, Alameda County. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. •
HOAKDON— In thU city. November 22, 1893,
tearah Jane Hoardon, wife of John Hoardon. and
mother of Margaret. Gertrude, John and Fran-
cis Hoart'on. a native of Liverpool, England,
aged 38 years.
Sri" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HUTCHINSON— this city. November 2l, lB93.
Captain Thomas Webb Hutchlnson, a native of
Salem, Mass., aged 68 years 6 months and 29
days, rsatum (Mass.) and Omaha (Nebr.)
papers please copy.J . .
S_"i"rien.l-» ana ac<iuatntanc9i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. _:., at his. late resi-
dence, _;vj Bartlett street, interment Laurel
Hill cemevery. Please omit flowers.
McGILLICUDDY— In this city. i November 21,
1896, Annie, belovel daughter of Eugene and
the late , Mary McGilllcuddy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years.
' 49~Fri rids and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1204 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose or her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. lutermens
, Mount Calvary Cemetery. -
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 3— Yon are
hereby requesed to attend the funeral of our late
sister. Anne McGilllcuddy, from st. Joseph's
• Church) TO-MOIUI >>V (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock
a. m. FRANCES CONLIN, President.
Anna Daly, Secretary.
MALONEY— In Lincoln. Placer County, Cal..
November 2'J, 18H6, John J. _aloney, a native
of Ireland, aged 30 years. * ■
MARCH— In this city. November 21, 1896, John.
beloved husband of Kalherlne March, and father
. of George H. March, a native of Baltimore, Aid.',
aged 59 years 9 months and 'JO days.
Friends and acquaintances and members of
Valley Lod^e No. 30, a. O. U. W., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA X
(Monday), at 10 o'clock: a. m., from the par-
lors 01 Theodor Dlerus, 857 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. interment Holy Cross
Cemeterr, by 11:30 o'clock a. m. train.
MORRILL— In Berkeley, November 21, 1898.
Simon S., beloved husband of Lena Morrill, and
father of Fred, Raymond, Simon. Annie and
Kate Morrill, a native of New Hampshire, aged
61 years 11 months and 10 days.
- 43"-Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of Beaudry & McAvoy, 873 Washington
street, Oakland, interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
NEUMANN— In this city, November 22. 1896,
. Frances wife of the late Captain Philip Neu-
mann of Company D, Second Regiment, N. 6. C
azed 47 years. • ■
O'KEEFK— In this city. November 22, 1898.
Annie, beloved wife of Jerry O'Keefe, mother of
• Annie, Johnnie and the late Katie O'Keefe, and
sister of Maggie .Dally, a native of Ballyclou,-h.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 47 years. [Boston
papers please copy.J
£3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 498 Eighth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. _ Interment
-. Moun: Calvary Cemetery. •
PARENTI— In this city, November 21, 189?,
Agostino, dearly beloved busbanl of Maria
ParentL and father of Mllly, Michael, Joseph,
Annie and Angelina Parentl, a native of Italy,
axed 44 years.
F. of A.— The officers and members of Court Stan-
ford No. 27, F. of A., are hereby requested to
• attend the funeral of our deceased brother, A.
Parrtntl, THIS DAY (Monday), at 1:30
o'clock p. M., from the undertaking par-
lors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, between Union - and Green. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • By order of •
' ■■■• /a'.-W. J. GRANT, Chief Ranger. -
PETERSEN— Matthew, beloved son of Hans and
Marie Petersen. aged 25 years.
• ' 49* Not ice of funeral hereafter.
STEVENS— In this city, November 22, 1896,
; ; James, - <>• loved husband of Sarah F. Stevens
and father of Mrs. James Urogan, James C.
May, Kit tie and Lou Stevens and the late Mrs,
George Brogan. a native of Coumy Heath, ire-
land, aged 63 years. .. v
TRAPP— In south San Francisco, November 21,
1893, John Henry Trapp. beloved son of Michael
and Mary Ann Trapp. and brother of William,
Clarence and Roaie Tranp, a native of San, Fran-
cisco, tscei ■ 11 years 6 months aud 3 days.
A3* Friends . and •■■ acquaintances an respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORUOW
(Tuesday),: at 10:30 a. Jt. from the residence
. of his parents. 1511 seventh avenue south.thence
' to All Hallows Church, corner Fifteenth avenue
and N street south, for services. Interment
.Holy Cross Cemetery. .. ■
WaONEK— In this city. November 22, 1893. Vin-
cen; Wagner, beloved father ot Edward Wagner,
' Mrs. G. H. .Weilbfock and the late Louise Koeh-
ler, a native or Baden, Germany, aged 76 . years
9 months and 25days.?3S~iS_3&sajfcfasSSi£5&ff«£^
SSf Friends and acquaintances are ■ reipoct.
fnllr invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), . at : 11 o'clock a. m., - from - the
residence of Mrs. G. H. Well brock, 909 Fiilmore
street. 'interment Mount Tamalpafs Cemetery,
by the li.': s o'clock p. — Tiburoa boat. Pieasj
omit flowers. •■ • . • .-■
WATSON— In this city. , November 22, 1896,
Amelia, beloved wife of George •P. T. s . Watson,
mother of William H., Walter W., Lester and
Carter C. Watson, and sister of Louise, William,
Jeunle and Charles K. Greene, a native of Slaxen
Island, aged 41 y-ars 2 monihs and 4 days. , : .
' :KlcAVOr,4 GALLAGHER, T
FONE R AL DIB ECTORB & EMB AL M
SO rut— St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. \ .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERy,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ax«
elusive: location unexcelled, .' Omc* Mi M*t*m
•ireet, Bout-east corner vi sixi—
1112
WORKING FOR NEW
SUPERIOR COURTS
E P. Cole Will Present a
Bill to the Next
Legislature.
He Asserts That Attorneys and
Judges Favor an Increased
Judiciary.
Data to Be Submitted Showing the
Congested Condition of the
Court Calendars.
The most absorbing topic of conversa
tion amoug politicians and attorneys yes
terday was tne movement started some
days ago, as exclusively announced in
The Call, for an increase of the judiciary
in San Francisco. Many politicians were
surprised when they learned that a light
wouid be made at the next Legislature for
at leapt three new Superior Judges for this
City and Couuiy. They discussed the
probabilities, pro and con, from their own
points of view, but were completely at sea
as to the significance of the matter, not
knowing that the whole thing was in the
hands of several attorneys, whose only in
terest was to so increase the judiciary as
to guarantee prompt disposition of law
cases tbat now frequently run along for
months.
The Superior Judges themselves are fa
vorably disposed toward the proposed bill,
as they are overworked and protest they
cannot reach all the work before them.
Among the most ardent supporters of
the oia is Judge J. C, Hebbard, who has
mentioned the matter in court. Mr. Heg
eerty of Knignt <fc Heggerty, Garber,
Boait & Bishop, E. P. Cole, B. Healy and
other prominent lawyers are among those
who declare that a bill providing for three
to six new Superior Judges in this City
should be passed by the next Legislature.
It is no uncommon thing to hear their
protects against delay in the Superior
courts, which effectually bars the business
of their respective offices.
The bill will be introduced by E. P.
Cole, who has taken up tbe quest on with
a conviction that immediate relief in the
way of expediting court procedure is de
manded by local attorneys as an absolute
necessity.
"The calendars of the Superior courts
are so congested," said he, "that an attor
ney cannot get a case on trial for months
and months after it is at issue. In fact I
have had ca«es at issue since last April,
and cannot yet get a hearing.
"I have gone into this thing and shall
rarry it to the Legislature. The County
Clerk's office has promised to give me the
number of cases at issue, but which have
not yet been called for trial. One-half tne
cases at issue are not published on the
calei.dar of the Law Journal. And yet the
Superior Judges work very hard and have
done more work than any other Judges in
the Sta te.
"The delay on account of the congested
condition of the calender is very injurious
to litigants and of, course very d -trimental
to the business of attorneys. You go out
to court time and again and cannot get a
hearing — other cases are on trial, or there
is something else in the way.
"I will presents bill to tho Legislature
providing for an increase from twelve to
fifteen or eighteen Superior Judges. As
the conditions are three Judges would give
additional relief, but I think that six new
Judges would be necessary to keep the
calendar open."
"How did the movement for an increase
of Judges originate?" he was asked.
"I have thought of it for some time
past and told many lawyers oi m p
opinions. I find it meets the approval cf
a great many lawyers, though a few art
opposed to it. It is an injustice to the
people to compel them to wait bo long be
fore they get a determination of their
cases. Necessity originated tbe move for
an increase of the judiciary."
"Is any other lawyer working on the
bill?"
"I don't know what others are doing.
My opinion is that there is a general sen
timent in favor of the measure. I am
doing it for an increase of t c judiciary,
and for that only, acting disinterestedly,
without having in view any one to ele
vate. I cannot see how we can get along
without more Superior Judges. Los An
geles has six, Sacramento three. Oakland
four. There bas been an increase gener*
ally all through tbe State.
"San Francisco, which, I presume, nas
half the litigation of California, never had
an increase since the constitution of 1879
went into effeci, yet San Francisco is the
home of nearly all the big corporations of
California, and there has been a great in
crease in the population and Business
since 1579. The meusure is one for the
public benefit. Some of the civil depart
ments had recently to assist the criminal
Judges on account of the excess of busi
ness. Toe Judges cannot do any more
than they are doing. I've talked with a
good many lawyers, and they have fa
vored it.
"The bill will have plenty of backing,
for there will be any number of lawyers in
Sacramento to fieht for it. Its details. I
presume, will be arranged by the Judici
ary Committee if it is passed at all. Talk-
Ing about expense, the cost of three or six
extra Superior Jud.es to the people is
nothing when compared with the exnense
now imposed on people w o are trying to
get their cases tried in the courts, and suf
ler financially through unreasonable de
lays."
In Norway.
Rev. C. J. Larsen will lecture to-morrow
night at the Norwegian - Danish Church on
Tenth street, near Howard, on "Travels in
Norway." The lecture will be illustrated with
stereopticon views.
Kwi^ vB9 5vW PIM jCy jSA rft«
—Absolutely Pure—
The absolutely pure
baking powder* Made
from cream of tartar,
a fruit acid* Does
not contain alum or
any deleterious sub-
stance* Unequaled
in strength* -
•OVA. BAMNQ POWOCa GO, NEW-YORK. ,
"For eighty-five years I never was a Christian," sofefced a feeble patriarch at the old folks' v love
feast " in Central Methodist Church yesterday.
JIMMY CARROLL
BADLY INJURED
McAuliffe's Left Elbow Has
Paralyzed His Right
Arm.
His Hands Broken and He Is
Severely Bruised About
the Body.
Every Indication Tbat the Ex-Light-
Weights Fought the Best They
Knew How.
Jimmy Carroll is sick at heart and phy
sically sore.
These are facts not generally under
stood, because the belief has gone abroad
that Jimmy Carroll and Jack McAuhffe
gulled the public last Friday night with a
"fake right."
Carroll is suffering morally under that
implication, which even his Ion? career as
a "square" pugilist has not been able to
ward off.
Tbe different newspapers, in their ac
counts of the unsatisfactory ten-round go,
gave a pen portrayal of '.wo erstwhile good
men wbo had degenerated into over-fleshy
bag-pushers, and who varied their weak
p ysical efforts by holding a conversation
in the ring, the main topic being:
"Is it better for you, Jack, or is it bet
ter for me to to out? And in what round
shall we do it?"
Carroll feels terribly over this state of
affairs, and he consented yesterday to
give an explanation, as well as an illustra
tion, to a Call representative, showing
how. alter the third round of his fight, he
was in no condition to continue the battle
upon repularly accepted lines.
He was at the St. George's Clnb, sur
rounded by a dozen or more friends and
bis trainer, to whom ne was retelling the
details of the battle.
"see this left leg," Carroll said, after
doffine his shoe and stocking. "Do you
see that swelling and discoloration?" The
query was unnecessary to any man not
blind. The leg looked as if it had been
hit with a baseball bat. It was lumpy
and blue. '
"Before I went into the riner I strained
or parted a cord in there. " he said, "and
it was simply excruciating pain to stand.
I didn't say anything about that, how
ever, and went right ahead with the
fight."
Then Carroll began undressine to the
extreme degree that hi- friends might
witness for themselves the full extent of
the injuries with which he had met.
"Do you see those two knuctrles here?
Do you see those two knuckles there?" he
asked, first pointing to his left ana then
to his right hand.
The knuckles were out of sight. In
stead of being in their regular place they
were somewhere down the hand near the
wrist.
"I knocked those hands out of share in
the third round againat McAuliffe'shead,
and I kn w I was in for it. I couldn't
punch any more, and I knew 1 must hope
to win with a swinging blow, using my
forearm instead of my fist. I did this
with some success until the worst punish
ment I got in the whole fight beiell me.
I made a powerful swing with my right,
getting in close enough to land with my
wrist. McAuliffe closed in. too, and with
his elbow parried the blow. The point of
bi> leit elbow csug t me on the inside of
the right bicep and virtually paralyzed
tne whole arm. See the mark it left?"
Carroll showed an upper arm flear the
armpit that was swollen and frightfully
discolored over an area of twenty square
inches. He could not move tbe arm with
out terrific pain.
"That is the blow that did me up. My
right arm was of absolutely no use to me
alter that. It was just as if it was broken,"
he said. "I decided then ibat I must
force McAuliffe into doing tne work and
let him wb p himself. I could do no
punching, and I hoped to get him worked
out sufficiently »o win with a left swing.
Thos9 people who think that I did not
tight to win should look at me now.''
As Carroll turned around he presented
the appearance of something of a cross
between a blue-spotted leopard and a
black-striped zebra. There is little doubt
tnat he is a very badly punished fighter,
who will not be able to get around much
for many dxys.
COLLAPSED WITH A ORASH
John HUi'g Barn Minus Its Brick Front
Wall.
A portion of the front wall of John T.
Hill's burn, on Broadway, between Stock
ton and Powell streets, collapsed with a
crash yesterday lorenoon. Several horses
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1896.
in the stable stampeded, and many per
sons narrowly escaped serious injury.
The building is an old structure. Satur
day evening's rain washed away ihe earth
supporting the foundation and the wall
began to sag. Persons passing the build
ing noticed tbe danger and took the mid
dle of the street. It was fortunate that
they did, as a large part of t c wall finally
came down. Truck Company 2 was noti
fied and razed tbe remaining portion of
the wall.
The wooden skeleton still stands and
affords a semi-shelter for the live stock.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Captain J. M. Vincent Expires in the
Mining District of Sinaloa,
Mexico.
The news reached this City yesterday of
the death of Captain j. M. Vincent in the
mining district of Sinaloa, Mexico. He
leaves a widow, four sons and a daughter,
all residents of this City.
He was reared and educated by Captain
Bartlett of New Bedford, Mass., and when
19 years of age was placed in command of
a whaler. After making several profitable
voyages he came to this City from Hono
lulu in 1850 and took an expedition of
100 miners up the coast in search of the
Trinidad Kiver. He was successful, and
on bis return bought the ship Judson,
which he sailed between this port and
Valparaiso, Chile. Finding the passenger
traffic profitable he purchased the Claren
don and did a large business.
During bis last trip information was
given by his rivals to the French officers
under Maximilian that the Clarendon had
on board munitions of war and provisions
for tbe Mexican lorces, and when the ves
sel arrived at San Bias she was seized and
her cargo confiscated.
Returning to this City Captain Vincent
retained an attorney to file a claim aeainst
the Mexican Government, but as years
passed and nothing was done he gave up
tne case as hopeless.
For a few years rast and up to the time
of his death he had been engaged in min
ing in the State ot Sinaloa, Mexico, where
he discovered two rich gold mines — the
Soledad and S n;a Apolonia — besides
locating seven others with good prospects.
About six months ago a company was be
ing organized in this City with the object
of developing these mines, when ex-Gov
ernor Johnson, who was at its head, died
and the scheme fell through.
SANDBAGGED AND ROBBED.
Rough Experience of John Hogan, a
Boatswain, at the Hands of Two
Boiler-Makers.
Ignatius Hurley and Patrick Sullivan
were booked at the City Prison yesterday
morning on the charge of robbery. Hur
ley is 17 years of age and Bullivan 21.
Both gave their occupation as a boiler
maker.
Friday night John Hogan, a boatswain
on the ship Glenericht, had been drink
ing heavily. He left a saloon on Folsom
street about 11 o'clock and was makinehis
way to Curtin's boarding-house on Main
street, wh n Hurley and Sullivan met
him. They struck him on the neck with
a sandbag, knocking him unconscious,
and robbed htm ot his gold watch and
chain.
Tbe robbery was reported to the- police
and Hurley and Sullivan were arrested
Saturday ni ht, one on Fremont street
and the other on Folsom street, by Police
men Roche, Murphy and Bean. Hogan
was found yesterlay mormnz by Police
man T. P. E.lis and taken to the City
Prison. Hurley and Sullivan were brought
before him along with six other prison
ers and he at once picked them out.
Hogan is disinclined to prosecute them.
He says after he recovered from the biow
with the sandbae Hurley and Sullivan
took him into a saloon and promised to
eive him back his watch in a few days if
he would say nothing about ir. The police
think tbat friends of the prisoners have
been talking to Hoean and threatening
htm. tie will be kept in prison on a
charge of drunkenness, ?o that he will
have a chance of swearing to a complaint
against his assailants this morning.
»—» — ♦ — »
BURGLARY IS A DRUGSTORE.
The rremUes of William T. Kibbler,
Turk and Larkin Streets, Entered.
The drugstore of William T. Kibbler
was entered by burglars early yesterday
morning and SlO 90 and a pair of opera
glasses were stolen.
The burglars climbed over a fence in
the rear on Turk street, made a hole in
the back door, by which they were able
to unbolt it Another door barred their
way, but they did the same thing with it.
Ti.e money and opera glasses were in a
desk ana the burglars forced it open.
Nothing else was taken. The police were
notified of the burglary, but no arrests
have been made.
Scenes in the Holy Land.
Dr. Mackenzie will on Friday night, In
Golden Gate Hall, deliver tbe tirst lecture of
the course of 1896-7 to be given by the Geo
graphical Society of California. Tbe subject
Is '-Scenes in the Holy Land." It will be il
lustrated with 150 colored stereopticon views.
1 — • — * »
There is only one sudden death emong
women to ei/ht amen? men.
Ladies' Pocketbooks, Card-cases, Bags and
Valises now good and cheap at San born &
Vau's. •
THE AGED ALL
WEPT FOR JOY
Pathetic Gathering of De
vout Christian Old .
Folk.
A " Love Feast " Where Eyes
Filled With Tears for Love
of God.
Venerable Members of Central Methc
dist Church Ccmmnne in
Happiness.
An assemblage where lips trembled and
■ gray-haired men and women sat, their
eyes brimming with tears that were
caused neither by sorrow nor pain, but by
the very pathos of their religious joy.
Such was the scene yesterday morning in
the assembly-room of the Central Meth
odist Church. It was a gathering of all
• the old folk in the congregation, the
patriarchs and the aged matrons of the
church.
Three score of them were there and
mes«: ges were read from many of the
more feeble who were deterred by illness
and the inclement weather.
The ceremony becan with what in the
Methodist churcn is known as a love feast.
Bits of bread and sips of water were par
taken of by all those present in token of a
feast in which they participated as spirits
inspired by a common love and reverence.
One little woman, ncr glasses blurred
with joyous tears, spoke of "these old sol
diers of the cross" and then added in
| tremulous voice, "I have not attended a
! Methodist love feast since I wa.s a girl in
dear old England, but I feel that I am
nearer to God to-day than ever before."
"I don't cry for sorrow" said a vener
j able man, "but I can't help it when my
I heart is full of joy," and every other eye in
j the room glistened with sympathetic tears
{ as the old man nobbed forth his thankful
ness and devotion.
An oider and feebler patriarch with fal
tering step and unsteady voice r se, and,
beginning in a low tone and rising to a
clear, strong avowal of his faith, declared
that ";or eighty-five years I never was a
I Christian; I never attended any church; I
followed no religion until a few weeks
ago. when I joined the church and turned
to God."
Among the older persons present were
Mrs. Hersey, aged 87; Mrs. Isaac Hilborn,
aged 86; John Eagles, aged 85; Uriah
Griffiths, ased 85, and Mrs. Patenghi,
aged 70.
The meeting was presided over by R.
T. Marrick, and H. S Jackson acted as
chorister. Rev. Dr. Dille and Rolla V.
Watt were present and delivered messages
from absent ones.
After the love feast the old persons ad
| j turned to the auditorium of the church
\ to listen to a sermon bearin : in part upon
tbe taithfulness of the veteran Christian.
The balconies, tbe choir rails and the
altar were decorated with large fan-palm
leaves, pepper branches and ivy, while the
altar itself represented a bountiful harvest
of moving green corn with russet tassels,
large pumpkins, bright, red chili peppers,
squashes, sheav.s of grain, pineapples and
I other fruits.
All the Methodist churche* of the City
I will unite their congregations on Thanks
giving forenoon in a union service in the
Central Methodist Church, Mission street,
near Sixth.
NELLY CONROY WINS.
She Captures the Thirty • Two Dog
Stake at the Ingleaide touraing
Park.
The thirty-two aog stake run off yester
day at the Ingleside coursing park re
sulted as follows:
Montana beat Tom Hayes, Tempest beat
Cleverness, Skylark beat Swinuerton, George
Dixon beat Peter Maher, N Uy Conroy beat
Griptnan, Uncle Sam beat Blackette, Wnite
Chief beat Kitty Scott, Dun C beat New Froom.
Flashlight beat V Ida So aw, Re iance beat Pa
cific Queen, Fireman beat Fairview, Stonewall
Jackson beat Fanny B, nestles* beat Hercules,
Dashaway beat Typewriter, t-kvball beat Ca
milla, Val.ey Maid'beat Gold Dust.
In the first ties Tempest beat Montana, Sky.
lark b at George Dixou, Nelly Conroy beat
Uncle Sam, White Chief beat Dan C. Flashlight
beat Reliance, Fireman beat Stoaewall Jack
sou, D*s Hway beat Rest'ess and Bkyball beat
Valley Maid.
In the second ties Tempest beat Skyball,
Nelly Conrov beat White Chief, Flashlight beat
Fireman, Skyball beat Dasiiaway.
In the third ties Neily Couroy beat Tempest
and Skyball beat Flashlight.
The rinal between Nellie Conroy and
Skybail was won by the former.
The 24 dog stake at Ocean View was
divideii be. ween Eugene Geary's Eectric
and S. T. Cooney's Right Bower.
GEORGE CHESHIRE
IS "ALL RIGHT"
That's What Mesmerist
Kennedy Says About
His Patient.
After Seven Days' Sleep, the
Fellow Left His Casket
and Danced.
Whether L £> geriennin or a Bona
Fide Affair, the Case Is Puzzling
the Physicians.
"You're all right !"
This must be given out with an intona
tion equal to the pop of a cork' from an
overheated champagne bottle, and it will
awaken the soundest kind of a sleeper bet
ter than a seven-day alarm clock.
Professor Kennedy proved that last
night at tbe Bush-street Theater.
One we k ago the mesmerist fondly
caressed George Cheshire with bis right
hand lefore an audience of several hun
dred people in the theater. He rubbed
bis eyes gently and tolo him he mu-t be a
good little man and go to sleep for a week,
just like mammas speak to their babies.
Cneshire immediately collapsed and was
put away in a glass casket, where be re
mained until his week was up. During
all that time he has been in sight of the
curiously inclined, who were given access
to the theater at all hours to observe the
changes in the man's condition.
There were unmnd people who would
jab pins in tne sleeping man without get
ting a squirm in return, and but for the
fact that Cheshire has lost a few pounds
and has gained some beard during his
ante-mortem burial, he was the same
George Cheshire last night when awak
ened that he was when he was put asleep
IS7 bours before.
He appeared to be slightly dazed. When
he closed h s peepers there were— say 400
people in the house. When ke opened
them the house was crowded from pit to
dome. It was a pay crowti, too, that
would have gladdened the heart of a
Patti impresario, and the inciease in
attendance, according to Cheshire's Im
pression, occurred in less than tive min
utes.
When Kennedy told him he was all
right he looked at the mesmerist with
that sort o. a glance that meant, "You're
a liar." He staggered about and came out
with the conventional "Wtiere am I?" In
another momet he realize i the situation,
laughed frankly and endeavored to back
up to the «eat he had occupied a week
before prior to being put asleep in the
casket.
If the man was acting a part it would be
advisable for some enterprising impre
sario to secure his services. Siill, there
were many people in the audience who
went away strong in their, impression
that they were gulled in right royal
fa-bion.
Dr. Plymire took Cheshire's pulse at 120
and his respiration at 19 just as non as he
was taken out of his :-even-day bed.
Shortly after and when the fellow was
awake his pulse dropped to 80.
It was desirable to weigh the living
corpse, and when he m-ijor part of the
audience was dismissed. Dr. Plyraire and
Cheshire led the way out of the hou*e.
They were banked on two sides by hun
dreds of people, and followed by hundreds
more. Not a soul in the crowd seeme Ito
know where scales were to be had.
Cheshire, however, who is not a working
man when he is not in a trance,
suggested that they go next door
to the theater. On one side there was a
vacant store and the other an open beer
saloon. Into the latter the motley gang
pushed to the delight of mine host, who
showed himself truly grateful to the star
of the occasion.
But scales were not there and Cheshire
suggested another saloon further down
the line. At this place the proprietor
greeted him with a hearty hand-shake,
saying: "George, you*bave done good, my
boy."
George thought so. too. But rounds
didn't seem to come quickly enough to
tne man with a seven days' thirst, and he
was agreeable to the suggestion that an
o her resort across the street be paid a
visit.
DOCTORS ON HYPNOTISM.
Local Medical Men Havp Various
Opinions on the Subject.
Boastful as doctors are about the accu
racy of medicine as a science, and careful
as they are regarding ethics and "up-to
date'' ideas, it is a strange circumstance
tust they are about equally divided in
opinion as to whether hypnotism is a
great fact of nature or a great achieve
ment in physiological legerdemain. ,
Among local physiciuns the great advo
cates of hypnotism as a truth too plain
for denial are Drs. Joseph O. Hirsch
felder. Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, Dr. Leo New
mark and Dr. J. Dennis Arnold. There
are many others, however, who deny hj p
notism, or at most guardedly admit that
"if it is a science it is embryonic." Such
is the opinion of Dr. T. C. Ma her.
Many strange stories are xold of Dr.
Hirschfelder's prowess as a hypnotist,
which great accomplishment has done
much to giv • him a large practice. Dr. J.
8. Barrett, ex-autopsy surgeon, and one
of the most sudiousmen in local medi
cine, was formerly associated with Dr.
Hirschte der at a prominent hospital.
"I've seen half a dozen of his patients un
der hypnotic control at one time," said
Dr. Barrett yesterday, "and there is no
question that he is a ereat hypnotist and
that his power is aopiied in a scientific
way. The question of a trance or sleep is
a question oi evuience. One man mi^h:
lake a s umber and another be in one. If
a man can be made tosltepfive minutes
be might be for live hours, or longer. I
think a man truly hypnotized might sleep
a week if he could be properly fed."
Dr. Gerald Fitzgibbon, Dr. S. C. Bald
win aud Dr. John F. Morse had little to
say of the matter. Dr. Fitzgibbon said:
"I do not believe a thing in this hypnotic
business or in a mesmeric slumber or con
dition of semi-catalepsy. It is a good fairy
story."
Dr. W. Coffey said: "I think there is no
question that there is such a thing as hyp
notism and that there is the possibility of
a long hypnotic slumber. A man might
be kept alive on whisky and liquid foods
for a week or longer. I am not passing
any opinion on Kennedy's case, having
never seen the subject, but 1 am speaking
in a general way. 1 '
Dr. Coffey telis some marvelous tales of
the conduct of bis classmate, one Dr.
Steams, who has wonderful hypnotic
powers. "He used to call men up to his
office from the street," said Dr. Coffey,
"and put them into all kinds of atti
tudes.
"He was a wonderful wae as well. Once
he made a poor fellow, an entire stranger,
Dull off his clothes in his office and strike
out as if swimming for dear life."
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona startled a number
of nniversitv siuten s last year by hyp
notizing a long horeman and causing him
to repeat a long and intricate lecture on
the physiology of the nervous system. He
is professor of hypnotism in the State
University.
__ Y "~ I>RY GOODS.
HANDKERCHIEF '
DEPARTMENT!
Special
Offering!
Commencing Monday, Novembsr 23d, we
will offer a SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 2000
DOZENS LADIES' SHEER LINEN EM-
BROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED HAND-
KERCHIEFS,
• These Handkerchiefs come six in each box
and are all different patterns. They were
imported by us from one of the best Irish
manufacturers, and at the price quoted are
the best value we have ever offered the
public.
TELEPHONE CKRANT IS4.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STKcc*.
ANOTHER CHINESE
GIRL IS MISSING
Suie Gwok Fails to Return
Home With Her Little
Brother.
Went to Buy Fruit and Suddenly
Disappeared From the
Sidewalk.
Suie Ying Gwok, the 16-year-old daugh
ter of Chin Gwok, pan proprietor of a
restaurant at 810 Jackson street, is missing
from her home. She was the only daugh
ter of the restaurant- keeper, and her dis
appearance has caused the wildest excite
ment among the upper tet in Chinatown.
There is not the slightest clew to her
whereabouts.
Miss Suie and her little brother, Chin,
left the paternal roof last Saturday even
ing at 8 o'clock for the purpose of purchas
ing some fruit at a stand kept by a China
man on Washington street, a few doors
east of Dupont. The boy went up to the
fruitstand to make the purchase, leaving
his sister standing on the sidewalk. When
he turned to leave he missed his sister.
Thinking she had gone home, not caring
to remain out in the rain, he went home
and reported to his parents what had oc
curred. They shared the boy's theory
that the girl had returned alone and
would soon find her way home.
But as the time grew late with no ap
pearance ot the girl, the parents became
alarmei and notified some of their buh
dreds of cousins of their ioss.
Sea 1 eh was made for the girl in every
direction, but to no avail.
Additional efforts were made yesterday
morning, but without finding her. Then
Sergeant Anderson of the Chinatown
squad was notified, but so far has
not been able to finti her. No more clew
can be found than if the earth had opened
and swallowed her..
Tnrou h an interpreter her father stated
that she was born in China sixteen years
ago, but came to this City with her mother
seven years ago, and has remained at
home ever since. She had no visitors of
the raaie sex and never was permitted to
go ont on the streets alone. Sue always
had one of her brothers as a companion
He fears she was kidnaped by high
binders and taki-n to some place until an
opportunity presents for taking her out of
the City an l disposing of her in the man
ner usual to highbinders.
Detective Graham has been put on the
case by Chief Crowley, but he ha. discov
ered nothing yet. The detective does not
believe in the kidnaping theory, as at the
hour mentioned the streets of Chinatown
are crowded and it would be impossible to
kidnap a woman if she made the least re
sistance. He is of t-,e opinion th«t some
P c ™? n ™ innt i eredtoconduct er home
and led her off to some other place and is
probably waiting a reward to be offered by
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Th 9 ho-
are going to be busy this
week — Thanksgiving, you
know — and in order to give
as good service as possible
will not have the usual spe-
'cialsale.
Rather not sell so many
goods and make no mistakes
in delivery.
All the force will be em-
ployed filling holiday orders
for
truffles and chestnuts for turkey stuff-
inc,. . .
- nuts, raisins, figs and mince meat,
spices, herbs, brandy, citron and
, orange peel, -
sweet apple cider, glace frnits, candies
German potatoes for salads, Magde-
v . , burg purkens, .
Holland cucumbers, French. English
and American , plum pudding, honey i
cake, , -^
bonbons for table decorations and fun, .
Scotch whiskies for hot-scotches, pure
wines and liquors for health and plea-
■ sure, stuffed prunes, imported raisins,
pecans, dates, salted almonds, Parisian
fruit wafers, =.
big, fat Norway macEerel, champagnes,
: fragrant cigars, Virginia hams.
Regular prices reduced:
cherries in maraschino D & G.qts,
65c ........:.... :.......... 2 $125
gold dust washing powder, 3 lb.
package.......... ......; ..... 200
Swiss cheese, inside cut, 30c lb.,
outside cut. 1b.... 250
Saratoga Packing Co's prunes,
5 Ib. box.-. ......... ......... 60c
Saratoga Packing : Co's prunes,
5 ib.drnm.v.. '.:..-. ............... 65c
3 cans Eastern corn ;..;.■ *_'5c
22 cakes Babbitt's 50ap........... 1 00
• 14 cakes Ivory 50ap..... 100
J Eagle milk, ................. can 15c
Crosse & Blackwell's Lucca oil. qt 50c
French plum. pudding. ...lb. 20c
Bue Lake string beans.... T.. tin 10c
Owl brand seedless raisins,
2 cartons 25c
. 432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sutter * Wain ill
2800 California " West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland^ « Main l
NOTICE.
Official Map of the City and County of
t San Francisco. , .
-.„„,„- OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD ,
0" r su K pe^o T f of *c Cl y and Couuiy of on
F^ nci^ 0 n ° D m wi-h 'the provisions of KeBo A .,
in I to,, i \?»3'7 (lUrt series) • of the Board \.*&
LH..«rvUor public noiice is hereby civen that
fh'fpw ofll'oialmap of , the Cily an.liounlyof
s«n Franco i, now op «i for public Inspection
£?r a uer/od of ihirt- (30) days on «nd from this
"hVoHice of the City Engineer, third floor,
m A "raTpimes Wr£'ed or affected .r- ; hereby
invitei to examine the said map and file objec-
tions. If any they have, to t c delineations as
made on said map with the Board of Supervisors
X befora Thursday «*-•»&£-«**