VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 104.
CROWDS GO
TO CANTON
Three Thousand Voters Are
Among Visitors to
McKinley.
GOVERNORS LEAD THE
PILGRIMAGE.
Men From the Green Mountain
State Bring Assurances of
Loyalty.
LINCOLN'S WORDS QUOTED BY
THE MAJOR.
Patriotic Principles of the Great Re.
publican Party Are Most Pictur
esquely Portrayed.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept, 11.— The day has
been crowded with picturesque and mov
ing incident. Three Governors have
clasped hands with Major McKinley and
visitors from the Greer. Mountains of Ver
mont have joined with others from Nar
ragansett Bay, from Northwestern .Penn
sylvania and from Ohio in greeting and
cheering its Republican candidate for the
Presidency.
Major McKinley has had more than
3000 callers to-day and has shaken hands
with all of them and listened to their
cordial words and expressions of good
wishes. Tne first delegation to arrive was
that from Vermont.
The delegation of 108 Vermonters, who
came to tell Major McKinley about the
Republican victory in the Green Mountain
State, arrived at 9 o'clock this morning
and marched at once to the candidate's
residence. They were escorted by a full
band and a large number of citizens of
Ca nton and were liberally applauded all
along the iine of march.
When they arrived at the house Senator
Proctor, Governor Wood bury, Governor
elect Groot, Congressman Powers, Lieu
tenant-Governor Mansnr, Lieuten;int-
Governor-elect N. W. Fiske of Tale La
iaoUe, *:ih thfc speakers, went into the
study to meet Major McKinley.
In reply to a stirring address from
Colonel George T. Childs. Major McKinley
said in part:
"Some of the newspapers have asked me
to interpret the result of the elections in
Vermont on September 1, but it seems 10
me that they are their own best inter
preter. [Laughter.] They have simply
declared what every student of your nigh
school must have already discovered — that
your thoughtful and patriotic citizens are
as true as ever — aye, truer than ever — to
the tenets of eood morals, good principles
and good government. [Applause.] The
value of your example i& certainly greater
than ever in the past, as the issues on
which your victory was won are the same
as those which now engage the attention
of the entire country. The free-silver
orators and organs of Vermont illy con
cealed, if they did not positively assert,
what is being proclaimed everywhere —
that their solicitude is the relief oi the
debtors, no matter with what sacrifice of
plainest precepts of good morals.
"In no case and at no point do they pro
pose a system to pay our National and
private obligations on the plain old-fash
ioned principles of good faith and honesty,
which have always heretofore distin
guished the American people. Practically
admitting that the e&ect of the free, un
limited and independent coinage of silver
would be an immediate loss to the savings
and resources of our people and that its
adoption would reduce the plane oi their
social and industrial condition, they yet
seriously propose that we shall risk this
hazardous experiment. Vermont has said
in tones that cannot be misunderstood
that she will have nothing to do with that
fatal experiment. To me the question of
iree trade is a question of humanity, the
voice of laDor pleading for its own; and
the question of free silver a question of
public morality, honor and good faith,
and its success would be a blot on our
hitherto spotless National credit. Ob
scure the real issues and it finally resolves
itself into that; but will it prevail? No, I
answer, for aver no." [Cheers.]
At the conclusion of Major McKiniey's
speech Senator Proctor, Governor Wood
bury, Congressman Powers, Governor-elect
Groot and Lieutenant-Governor Mansur
made short addresses.
The Vermont visitors left for the East at
11 o'clock. Governor Lippitt of Rhode Isl
and and Governor Bushnell of Ohio ar
rived with their staffs a few minutes after
1 o'clock and called on McKinley.
A delegation from Erie, Pa., arrived at
noon and marched to the McKinley resi
dence after dinner.
An hour and a half after the Vermonters
had departed tbe sound of marching feet
and tbe music of bands was again heard
and 2500 citizens of Lorain County, Ohio,
filed into Major McKiniey's yard and
wedged themselves into an almost solid
mass. Following closely after the Lorain
County people was a delegation from
Erie, Pa., consisting of the Lincoln Ciub
of that city and delegates to the League
convention recently held in Erie. These
combined delegations were fairly bubbling
with enthusiasm. The noonday sun was
fiercely hot and three people succumbed
to its ardent rays. When Major McKin-
Jey appeared there was a shout that was
heard many blocks away.
Judge John W. Stfiele of Oberlin spoke
in behalf of the people of Lorain County,
which has more diversity in its industries
than almost any other in the State. He
said all bear testimony to the blighting ef
fect of the present tariff law.
Judge J. P. Downing spoke for the Erie
people in an earnest manner.
By consolidating the delegations from
The San Francisco Call.
Loram and Erie Major McKinley was able
to make one speech answer for the visi
tors from both places. He said in part:
"You are here from different sections
of the country; you are here reprseen ting
different occupations and callings in life,
but you are all here with a common pur
pose and all marching under the same
glorious flag." [Tremendous cries of
'"Hurrah for McKinley."]
Referring to the Lincoln Club of Erie,
the major said:
"You bear the most honored name in
Republican annals and none is more il
lustrious in the annals of our country.
It is not tha property of any political
party, but belongs to the ages. [Great
applause.] It is full of inspiration and
embodies every Republican doctrine and
represents the best aims and purposes of
American citiz nship. I doubt if there is
any other name in American history
which more fully typifies the possibilities
and triumphs of American opportunity
than that of Abraham Lincoln. We have
the satisfaction of knowing that in tne
present struggle we are close to him and
have his approval of the great principles
we advocate. [Applause.] No man has
shown more thorough knowledge of the
tariff and its effects upon domestic pros
perity than he. Forty-three years ago he
made an address upon the subject of
tariff and taxation, and their influence
upon tht condition of the country, which
I do not think has been excelled by any
body before or since. It is peculiarly
applicable to the present situation. Mr.
Lincoln said: 'The first of our resolu
tions declares a tariff of duties upon for
eign importations, producing sufficient
revenue for the support of the general
Government, and so adjusted as to pro
tect American industry, to be indispensi
bly necessary to prosperity of the Ameri
can people, and the second declares direct
taxation for a National revenue to be im
proper.' [Applause.]
• ''Listen to bis. description of the condi
tion of the country at the time he spoke
and how vividJy r« portrays the times in
which we live: 'For several years past the
revenues of the Government have been un
equal to its expenditures, and conse
quently loan after loan, some times direct
and some times indirect in form, have
been resorted to. By this means a new
National debt has been created and is still
growing on us with rapidity tearful to con
template — a rapidity only reasonably ex
pected in time of war.' You would think
that Lincoln was describing the three
years from 1893 to 1896. [Applause.] Is
it any wonder when the National Conveu
tion in Chicago, May 17, 1860— the second
National assemblage ot the great Repub
lican party — that a resolution was passed
which is the same doctrine which we ad
vocate now.
"There are two great incentives to
American manhood — the realization of in
dividual ambition and patriotic devotion
to country. The more active and intel
ligent the participation of every citizen in
the affairs of state the freer and purer and
ereater will be the Government. Here all
citizens are interested in the Government,
and here represented in this assembly are
men of every avocation and profession,
bat you are bere because you believe alike
and because you want neither free trade
nor free silver. [Great cheering and cries
of 'Hurrah for McKinley!'] We do not
delegate to anybody our right to govern.
We cannot delegate that riirht to anybody.
It is a sacred trust which cannot be per
formed by a substitute, but must be done
by eacb citizen for himself. Indifference
to our duties as citizens will inevitably be
followed by incompetency and corruption
in public affaiTs.
"The Republican party has always been
the party of lofty purposes. It never did
an act from the moment of its existence
until now which did not embrace the
common good of all [Cries of 'That's
ri.^ht!'] It never Jought against liberty
and equality. It never struck a blow ex
cept for mankind. [Applause.] It was
organized in conscience. [Renewed ap
plause.] No political party has been
formed since the beginning of time which
so appeals to the intelligence, enthusiasm
and conscience of the young men (and the
old men) as the Republican party. [Ap
plause and cries of 'That's right!'] It
never waged a contest in all its glorious
past which more strongly appeals to the
best sentiments and the noblest aims of
both youner and old to-day. Its past is
illustrious with great deeds, but it doej
not stop with its past achievements. It
does not rest its claim for confidence upon
them alone.
•'lt deals with the problems and issues
of the day which are vital to the welfare
of the country, and maintains the lofty
purpose which has characterized it from
the beginning. It stands for the country
now and will guard with sleepless vigi
lance its honor as it guarded its life in the
mightiest crisis in our history. [Cheering
and cries of "You bet it will."]
"Gentlemen, for the assurance of support
tendered me I thank you one and all.
Fighting under tie banner of protection
to iabor and home industry, reciprocity,
sound money, patriotism, law and order,
we cannot but march to a triumphant
victory m November." [Tremendous cheer
ing and cries of 'We'll elect you all right.']
Not more than one-third of the Ohio
and Pennsylvania visitors had departed
when a long line of carriages drove up and
Governor Lippitt ol Rhode Island and
Governor Bushnell of Ohio, with their
richly uniformed staff officers, alighted.
Major McKinley met the two Governors
at his doorstep and greeted them cordi
aliy. The members of the two staffs were
introduced to Major and Mrs. McKinley.
Mrs. Bushnell accompanied the Governor
of Ohio. While the social functions were
going on Major McKiniey introduced
Governor Bushuell to the great crowd
gathered in the yard. Governor Bushnell
mounted a chair and made a lively and
vigorous speech. Among other things he
said:
We are glad to come and call on Major Mc-
Kinley, because he is the representative of the
people of the great party that we support, the
party, as I said before, which has done bo
much for humanity. [Applause.] We call to
see him because we believe, as he does, tnat
the employment of one man at fair wages In
an American shop i« worth more to the Re
public than the employment of a thousand in
a British shop. [Applause and cries of "That's
right."] We are glad to call aua see him, bi
cause he believes, as we do, in maintaining
revenue collectors at the ports of the Nation
rather than at the doors of the citizen. [Cries
of "Good, good."] We are giad to have the
opportunity to honor him, and 1 am glad to
see you (ill here.
The Green Mountain boys have been here
to-day. The Governor of Rhode Island is here,
a Bta te which is little in area, but bie in pat
riotism and loyalty to the country [applause];
and as one of her citizens said last night, she
was a little State, but they didi.'t measure her
by her feet but by her heads. I take pleasure
in introducing to you the Hon. Charles War
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
ren Lippitt, Governor of Rhode laian-l. [Great
applause.]
Governor Lippitt was heartily cheered
and made a short speech, which was liber
ally applauded. He said :
The questions to be decided by the coming
election are going to determine the prosperity
or the want of prosperity in the United States
for a good many years io come. [Applause and
cries of "Elect McKinley."] I consider It a
very great privilege to myself and the gentle
men who accompany me from Rhode Island to
be ab!e to personally pay respects to your hon
ored and most distinguished citizen— William
McKinley. [Tremendous cheering.] We be
lieve that he will be the next President of the
United States. I am sure that there are not
many in Rhode Island who are willing to take
53 cents for $1. (Applause and laughter.]
They believe thai after they have worked ten
hours & day, more or less, as tbe case may
be, that they should receive a dollar repre
senting 100 cents for their labors and not a
cheap dollar. [Great applause and cries of
"That's right."]
They believe, too, that something should be
done in the way of improving the tarifl" and
correcting; the disasters which have been
caused by the enactment of the Wilson tarifl
bill. They believe that when your fellow
citizen is inaugurated [greet cheering] as
President that a change in the tariff law will
be made as will fulfill the statements so often
made that William McKinley is the "advance
agent of prosperity" for the United States.
]Applause.]
Governor Lippitt, Governor and Mrs.
Bushneil, Adjutant-General Sackett of
Rode Island and Adjutant-General and
Mrs. Arline of Ohio took lunch with Major
and Mrs. McKinley. Tne two Governors
with their staffs left at 4:30 o'clock for
Cleveland much pleased with their visit
to Major McKinley.
SENTIMENT OF THE VOTERS.
In Many States MeKinley Leadm Bryan
by l%vo to One,
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 11.— National
Committeeman Cummins of lowa has
been receiving at the Republican National
headquarters in the last few days reports
from the chairmen of the county commit
tees of lowa. He said they indicated that
the silver sentiment which immediately
followed the nomination of Bryan was
Bryan iiaxi a, little speeoli-
Ttie only one he fcne-w—
And everywhere t£ia,t Bryan went
The speech it went there, too.
largely dispersed and that the Republicans
who were at that time favorable to silver
were rapidly returning to the Republican
ranks. Of the ninety reports received not
more than twelve express any doubt as to
the maintenance of the normal party
strength. All indications from these
reports axe that the Republican majority
will be much larger than one year ago,
wheu it was 33,000. A poll of all the trains
auring the lowa State Fair, which was
attended by 150,000 people, is alleged to
have resnlted in two and a half votes for
McKinley to one for Bryan. Replies from
500 subscribers to a prominent agricultural
paper published here show two votes for
McKinley to one for Bryan among the
farmers of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, lowa and Missouri.
J. N. Huston, ex-United (States Treas
urer, who has oeen at Fort Worth. Tex.,
in the interest of Republican harmony
and fusion, telegraphed to headquarters
to-day as follows:
"Convention just adjourned. Largest,
most representative, harmonious, enthu
siastic and confident in history of the
State. Grant nominated Green for chair
man, who was elected by acclamation.
Conditions even more favorable than pre
viously represented. Perfect reconcilia
tion effected between all elements. Such
harmony and accord prevailing that I feel
confident Texas will furnisn electoral
votes for McKinley."
Mr. Hanna was pleased to hear from
National Committeeman Jamieson of Illi
nois that a poll of 422 precincts in twenty
counties of that State, just made, many
of them being Democratic, showed 33 per
cent Republican increase over 1894. Mr.
Jamieson s««id he had heard from the
county chairman that the Bryan speakers
were giving much less attention to the
silver question now. j
Mr. Hanna said he had received several
representatives of labor unions, who had
called to assure him that he was right in
his assertion that organized labor of the
higher cl ■ ''outside of agitators, curb
stone orators and those who lived off the
unions," were for McKinley personally
and because of the principles he advocated
in the interest of the labor class.
BOMBS FOR
THE TURKS
Armenian Explosive Fac
tory Is Located Under
a Church.
PLOTTING TO BLOW UP
THE MAGAZINE.
Foreign Residents Urged to
Thank the Sultan for
Their Protection.
ARMY OFFICERS ARE IN MOST
DESPERATE MOOD.
If Their Back Pay Is Not Promptly
Produced T icy Propose to H;lp
Themselves-
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept. 11.
An Armenian bomb factory was discov
ered by the police yesterday, located
underneath the Armenian church near
the Kassia Pas'a cemetery. From the
factory a long tunnel had been excavated
in tbe direction of a Government powder
BRYAN AND HIS SPEECH
magazine, the intention obviously having
been to blow the magazine up.
The officials are urging tbe foreign resi
dents of tne city to sign a memorial
thanking the Sultan for the protection his
Majesty has afforded them. A number of
Englishmen consulted Sir Philip Currie,
the British Enibus-adoi, as to the advisa
bility of signing the memorial, and were
advised by the Embassador to tear up tbe
document and throw the pieces into the
face of the official that presented them.
The mosques were placarded on Wednes
day with an appeal to the Government on
the part of a number of army officers that
they receive their arrears of pay without
delay, otherwise the officers must help
themselves.
BANCROFT'S SAILING ORDERS.
Directed to Join . Admiral Set fridge in
" the Mediterranean.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept. 11.—
mal sailing orders to the Bancroft have
been issued by the Navy Department, di
recting Commander Charles Belknap, her*
commander, to leave New York, and after
taking explosives at Tomkinsville to pro
ceed to Gibraltar and there report by tele
graph to Admiral Self ridge, commanding
the European station, for further orders.
The department has ' been '-, officially * in
formed that the vessel will be ready for a
three years' cruise in foreign waters in
time to obey these orders. : \
This is the second formal step in carry
ing out the President's determination to
have an American National vessel on
guard in 'the Golden Horn to support; the
'American-Minister and in emergencies to
serve as a refuge for American citizens at
Constantinople. It is stated that Com
mander Bolknap has no special orders as
to whether he !<ball stop en route for coal
at o the , Azores, but :at ; any rate the Ban
croft shouid reach Gibraltar in less than
three weeics. "•'•'-■ .-. ■_. ;,, ..-. .
HOSTILITY TO THE SULTAN.
Chri*tians in Civil- z-<t Countries Cry
Out Anaintt Hit .Wait.icre*.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 11.— The popular
feeling of indignation excited by the cru
elties of the Sultan against the Armenians
and the Christians in Creta will shortly
find voice in a series of mass-meetings
that have been summoned in Birming
ham, Manchester and other large cities in
England.
This feeling Is not confined to England,
as is evidenced by the fact that a large
meeting to denounce the massacres in
Anatolia and Crete and to call upon tbe
powers to put an end to the misgovern
ment of the Sultan was held in Berlin yes
terday, and further meetings for the same
object will soon be held in other places in
Germany.
in Pans a number of Armenian stu
dents made a tour of the newsi aper offices
and appealed to the editors to arouse the
sympathy of the nation for their suffering
and despairing countrymen. The stu
dents were generally advised to keep quiet
until after the visit of the Czar to Paris.
They were told that after the Czar had
left Paris indignation meetings would
have a prospect of success.
HORRORS OF PORTLAND PRISON.
Dynamiter Daly Tells of the Brutal Treat-
ment of Irish Political Prisoners
in the Place.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 11.— John Daly,
the Irish dynamiter who was released
from Portland prison on August 20, re
turned from his visit to Paris to-day and
will go to Limerick to-morrow. In an in
terview with a representative of the United
Press Daly said he was getting stronger,
but was acutely afflicted with nervousness.
Speaking of nis prison experiences Daly
said:
"My prison life was too dreadful to think
about. The English prison system is
brutal at the best, but it is applied io the
Irish prisoners with the fullest severity.
Tbe officials of Portland prison were for a
long time aware that Gallagher and White
head were insane, and the six Irish politi
cal prisoners who are still confined in
Portland are all ill. One of them 1 be
lieve to be already insane, and if these
men are not released soon they will only
come out into the world finally useless
and shattered.
"I went to prison is good spirits as a
sufferer for a great cause, but the terrible
system observed there soon destroyed my
natural buoyancy, enfeebled my body and
wore out my mind. Though the lope of
regaining my liberty remained, my heart
got sick. I was twice at the pointof death
from illness due to the treatment I was
subjected to. Once I fainted while on my
way to work in the carpenter-shop and
was conveyed to the hospital, where I was
confined at tbe time of my release.
"At the time of the hearing before the
Parnell Commission, emissaries of the
Government came to Portland prison to
try to induce me to give testimony before
that body, advancing a suggestion of my
regaining my liberty if I acceded to the
propositions they made. The notorious
spy and informer, Piggott, was one of
these emissaries. I could exactly under
stand from him what was wanted, but I
was on my guard and refused to say any
thing. An inspector of the prison after
ward told me that ihese persons had no
right or authority to hold out hopes of my
release."
RESTLESS STATE OF MINERS.
Many Special Policemen Sworn In to Pre-
serve the Peace in the Leadville
District.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 11.— There is
an undercurrent of excitement here and
the crowded streets indicate a restless
condition of the miners, although every
thing is comparatively quiet. Twenty
special policemen were sworn in for duty
this morning on account of the assault on
the miners last night. The merchants do
not feel secure and want something deci
sive done to put an *nd to the insecurity
of the city from mob lawlessness.
There is no unity of ideas, however, as
to the best plan of action. There were no
arrests in consequence of the attack last
night. The Weldon mine has stopped.
The water tilled it rapidly and the danger
in staying in it is preat. An effort will be
made to strengthen the timber support
and if this cannot be done the owners say
tn«> mine will have to be closed. The
Coronado is still running.
SAN FRANCISCO IS SELECTED.
The Convention of the Letter- Carriers of
the Motion to Be Held Here
Next Year.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 11.— At
this morning's session of the Letter-car
riers' convention the report of the com
mittee on resolutions was adopted, includ
ing the recommendation that a committee
of five be appointed to wait upon the Post
master-General at Washington in the in
terest of the sub-carriers.
Late to-night the following officers were
eiected: President, J. N. Parsons, New
York; vice-president, J. R. Kinson, Fall
River; secretary, J. F. Victorym, Wash
ington, D. C. ; treasurer, A. McDonald,
Grand Rapids; executive board— S. B.
Stevens, Cincinnati; J. K. Sully, Pitts*
burg; G. K. Kliffner, Omaha; C.*H. Cut
ler, Boston.
San Francisco was selected as the con
vention city for 1897.
MILEN SATES HIS DOG.
But, the General Ha* a Close Call in So
lining, i .
OTTUMWA, lowa, Sept. 11.— Major-
General Nelson A Miles narrowly escaped
serious injury to-day in an effort to get
his dog Rex on the train. He and his
party passed through here on their way to
the coast. The general and his Bon were
promenading the platform with the dog
when the train started. General Miles
stopped to get the dog, dragged it several
rods, threw it into the car at a window
and just caught the car rail as the train
went by. He was helped on to the plat
form amid much excitement.
Gold Coin From Europe.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 11.— The
Hamburg-American line steamer Fuerst
Bismarck, which arrived this morning
from Hamburg, Southampton and Cher
bourg, brings from Southampton 39 cases
of gold coin valued at $1,503,000, and from
Cherbourg 42 cases valued at $2,129,200.
T c aggregate arrivals thus far are $23,
-172,050. Lazard-Freres have deposited $3,
-000,000 in the sub-Treasury in exchange
for greenbacks.
FIRED BY THE FEEBLE-MINDED.
During the Destruction of a Home for
Unfortunate Lads Several Jump
From Windows.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 11.— The temp
orary frame building of the Home for the
Feeble-minded Children caught fire short
ly after 10 o'clock and was completely
destroyed. It was first reported that a
number of the children had perished in
the flames, but Dr. Huff, the superintend
ent, says that all of them are accounted
for, though several were badly bruised by
jumping from second-story windows.
The building was evidently set on fire by
some feeble-minded boys who had several
times attempted to escape. The loss is
about $15,000.
Death of Captain Shannon.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Sept. 11.— Captain
8. D. Shannon, an inmate of Pikesville
Confederate Home, near this city, died
yesterday from an attack of heart trouble.
He was 63 years of age and served through
out the entire war. He enlisted in tt^e
First South Carolina Regiment and after
ward served on the staff of Major-General
Richard Anderson. He was secretary of
the Territory of Wyoming under Presi
dent Cleveland for several years. He was
a brother of Colonel Shannon, who was
killed in a duel several years ago by
Colonel Cass.
Death of *otnri->ui Polk Well*.
ANAMOSA, lowa, Sept. 11.— Polk Wells,
the most noted ot lowa criminals, died in
the penitentiary here to-day from con
sumption. Wells was a criminal from the
time he was 12 years of age. He partici
pated in highway robberies, train and
stage hold-ups and other deals all over the
country. He was sent up for ten years fur
highway robbery in Fremont County in
1889. In 1892 Wells and his partner
chloroformedft guard and escaped. The
guard died, ana when Wells was captured
he was given a life sentence.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HARMON IS
FOR ORDER
Federal Interference in State
Affairs Held to Be
Justifiable.
BRYAN'S STAND SHOWN
TO BE WRONG.
Seriousness of the Matter Ably
Set Forth by the Attorney-
General.
UNCLE SAM HAS THE RIGHT TO
PROTECT HIS OWN.
The Government Can Punish All Who
Interfere With the Exercise of
Its Luwfui Powers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept. 11.-Attor
ney-General Judson Harmon to-night
made public his views respecting the po
litical situation, emphatically empi asiz
ing his opinion on " Federal interfer
ence in local affairs," on which subject
the Attorney-General does not agree with
the protest embodied in the Chicago plat
form. Mr. Harmon's communication fol
lows:
"I have concluded to give a public an
swer to the many inquiries made of me
upon a subject of great moment to which
general attention is now directed. Mr.
myan, in his letter accepting the nomina
tion for President by the convention at
Chicago, amplifies the protest which that
convention made in its platform against
Federal interference in local affairs, which
strangely enougn is not found in the plat
forms of the other two conventions which
have also nominated him.
"As nothing cisc has been done or pro
posed to which they can possibly apply
these protests were intended and are un
derstood to be directed against the recent
action of the President in forcibly sup
pressing riotous disturbances which had
stopped the carriage of tbe mails and in
terstate commerce and were defying the
civil officers of the United States.
"The President took this action not only
without the request, but in some instances
against the protest of the authorities of
the States in which the ,riots oc
curred and Mr. Bryan, taking section 4 of
article 4of the constitution to be the law
on the subject, pledges himself against
any repetition of the violation thereof,
which his letter necessarily charges. He
vindicates the wisdom of the framer3 of
the constitution by declaring that the
local authorities are better qualified to
judge of the necessity for Federal as
sistance.
"This, in my judgment, is a far more
serious matter than the money question
or any of the other questions now before
the people, grave as they all are. Our
form of government may survive a wrong
discussion of those questions, and the peo
ple may endure for a time the evils which
result from false systems of finance and
taxation, but if the President has deliber
ately disregarded the instrument upon
which the Union is founded by supp'ant
ing the authority of a sovereign State by
armed forces, a precedent has been made
which threatens our form of government.
While, if a candidate for President may
properly pledge himself in advance, as Mr.
.Bryan has done, to do nothing to protect
the property, maintain the authority and
enforce the laws of the United States, un
less and until the officers of another gov
ernment request or consent then we really
have no Federal Government. For a gov
ernment which is not entirely free to use
force to protect itself and maintain itself
in the discharge of its own proper func
tions, is no government at all.
"The section of the constitution to
which Mr. Bryan refers plainly refers
merely to the protection of the States
against interference with their authority,
laws or property by domestic violence,
and they are wisely made solely the judges
whether or when they need protection.
But by the express terms of the constitu
tion a State has nothing to do with the
maintenance of the authority or the exe
cution of the laws of the United States
within the territory of the State. The
prevention and punishment of offenses
connected with the mails, with interstate
commerce and with the administration of
justice in the Federal courts are com
mitted to the general Government and to
it. alone. Such offenses in nowise menace
the government of the State within which
they are committed. Therefore the State
cannot require protection against them.
The State has no duties to discharge in
these matters, therefore it can require no
Federal assistance with respect to them.
"Of course, domestic violence often, as
in the recent riots, is directed against
both State and Federal authority indis
criminately, so that either or both may
suppress it. And in such cases the action
of each in maintaining its own authority
over the subjects committed to it tends
to aid the other. But in such cases each
is acting in its own independent right as
a sovereign government and on its own
behalf.
"It would be as absurd to claim that
the United States might neglect its own
interests because in protecting them those
of a State may be incidentally protected
as to claim that a State must let riot run
free because it happens to be directed
against Federal representatives or officers
as well as its own. According to Mr.
Bryan there is somewhere implied in the
constitution — for it is nowhere expressed —
a prohibition of the use of force by the
United States against persons who, within
the limits of a State, may be successfully
resisting its officers and completely
paralyzing its operations as a govern
ment, unless the local authorities shall
first make request or give consent.
"This is contrary to the settled principle
that while the Federal Government is one2
whose operation is confined to certain
subjects it has as to those subjects all the
attributes of sovereignty, and one of
these is always and everywhere within the
territory of the States which oppose it, to
suppress and punish those wno in any
wise interfere with the exercises of its
lawful powers.
"The fact that there are within that
territory other governments exercising
sovereignty over all matters not so com
mitted to it can make no difference under
our double form of government, the es
sential principle of which is a partition of
powers to be exercised independently
over the same territory.
"This sovereign risrht of the United
States necessarily follows its officers and
agents everywhere they go, protecting aud
maintaining them in the discharge of
their duties. Congress has accordingly
by section 5207 of the Revised Statutes
authorized the President to u=e the armed
forces of the Government in aid of the
State authorities when requested by them
as provided in the Constitution, and has
also by the following section (5298) au
thorized him to employ such forces upon
nis own judgment alone aeainst unlawful
obstructions, combinations or assemblages
of persons in whatever State or Territory
tne laws of the United States may
be forcibly opposed 5r the constitution
obstructed.
"It was under the power conferred by
this last section tnat the late rebellion
was suppressed. Mr. Bryan's doctrine
that this law is unconstitutional is more
dangerous than that of secession. The
latter at least left the Government some
power and authority in the tenitory of
States which should choose to remain.
Mr. Bryan would reduce it to idle mim
icry of the stage.
"It was no more intended to make the
General Government dependent upon the
States with respect to the matters com
mitted to it than to make the States sub
ject to the General Government with re
spect to the rights reserved to them.
"What I have said is well known to
lawyers and students of the constitution.
It is chiefly intended for the ptople at
large, before whom the subject has now
been brought. 1 will recall in th\s con
nection the following resolution proposed
by the Hon. John W. Daniels of Virginia,
who was president of the convention
which nominated Mr. Bryan, which wa3
passed by the Senate July 12, 1894, Con
gressional Record, page«B63, wittiout ap
parent dissent:
Resolved, That the Senate indorses the prompt
and vigorous measures adopted by the Presi
dent of the United Siatcs and tne members of
his administration to repulse and repress, by
military force, the interference of lawless men
with the due process of laws of the United
States and with the transportation of the malls
of the United States and with commerce among
tbe States. The action of the President and
his administration has the full sympathy and
support of the law-abiding masses of the peo
ple of the United States, and he will be sup
ported by all departments of the Government
and by the power and resources of the entire
Nation.
"it must be that Mr. Uryan under the
many demands on his time and attention
has fallen into an inadvertence. I cannot
believe that h* really thinks that the
President has no power under the consti
tution and laws to maintain the Govern
ment entrusted to his charge; nor can I
believe that Mr. Bryan means to promise
or to make or to prompt others to think he
has promised not to interfere if he should
be elected and the situation of the riots of
1894 should arise daring his term. I will
not lightly question either his knowledge
as a lawyer or his sincerity as a public
man. Certainly his letter is generally
misunderstood unless it means either that
Mr. Bryan thinks the President has no
power or that he would himself not use it
if elected. Judson Habmok. 11
PROTECTION FOB LABOR.
The Popular Cry Taken Up by
the Trades Union Congress
at Edinburgh.
Paper-Mill Workers and Shipbuilders
Have Grievances— Women and
Children.
EDINBURGH, Scotland, Sept. 11.— The
Trades Union Congress to-day passed a
resolution presented by tne paper-mill
workers of Great Britain demanding that
Parliament enact laws providing that
every sheet of foreign paper imported into
the country must have a water-mark
showing the name of the country where it
was made; all roll paper 10 be marked at
least once in every square yard. The
representatives of the mill-workers claim
that the dealers in Great Britain now im
port foreign paper in large quantities and
after changing the outside wrappers put
it up as paper of domestic manufacture.
On behalf of the Ship-builders' Union a
strong protest was directed to Parliament
against the practice said to prevail in the
Government dockyards of putting laborers
to do mechanics' work in the construc
tion of naval vessels.
This is set forth as inimical to trades
union principles, as well as being an
evasion of the "fair-wage resolution"
passed by Parliament in 1891.
A strong resolution on the subject of
child-labor was adopted, ending with in
structions to the Parliamentary committee
to demand as a temporary minimum from
the Government the abolition of child
labor under the age of 15, and of all night
labor until the age of 18.
The congress also passed resolutions in
regard to the hours of working women,
the introduction of a bill in Parliament
regulating the hours of shop assistants,
the further regulation of ihe hours of rail
way servants and the municipalization of
docks.
It was agreed thai the next congress
should be held in Birmingham.
T.uigi I'ahniri Jtead.
ROME, Italy, Sept. 11.— Luigi Palmiri,
the Italian meteorplogist, is dead, aeed 86
years. He was born in Benevento April
22, 1807. He was professor of physics in
the Naples College. In 1860 he had the
direction of the Vesuvian Observatory.
Full details of the observation upon the
volcano were given in reports upon the
observatory published by Professor Pal
miri.
Labor Conditions Improving.
LONDON, Exo., Sept. 11.— The latest
Issue of the Government Labor Gazette re
ports that labor conditions in the Aus
tralian colonies have greatly improved,
that Manitoba is in need of forcing serv
ants and that mining in British Colum
bia has greatly developed during the past
two months.
Fatalities of the Cyclone.
PARIS, Feaxcz, Sept. 11.— Seven per
sons who were injurrd in the tornado that
swept ever the city Wednesday afternoon
have died from ihe effects of their injuries.
Olaf La nd % on Drowned-,
LONDON, Ekg., Sept. 11.— Olaf Laud
son, the Norwegian novelist, was drowned
to-day at Scarborough while baching. ■
BRYAN BEGINS TO
LOUDLY BOAST
Starts Forth on a Second
Stumping Tour With
a Flourish.
CLAIMS THE COUNTRY.
Says the Republicans Are Not
Sure of Carrying a Single
County.
FREE COINAGE IS THE CRY.
As Usual, the Boy Orator Can Only
SiDg One Sen; During
His Travels.
LINCOLN. Nebb., Sept. 11.— William J.
Bryan left Lincoln to-night at 9 :30 o'clock
over tne Missouri Pacific road for another
month of campaigning. He will reach
Kansas City at 6:30 o'clock to-morrow
morning and proceed by the Wabash to
St. Louis, where he is scheduled to make
four addresses to-morrow night. The de
parture of Mr. Bryan from Lincoln was
made the occasion of another demonstra
tion by the local free-silver clubs. They
formed a torchlight procession and es
corted Mr. Bryan from his residence on D
street to the Missouri Pacific depot. A
brass band headed the parade, which
made a picturesque showinc with the flar
ing flambeaus and the silver and white
uniforms of the members. Quite a large
crowd gathered at the station and cheered
Mr. Bryan as his train drew out. Mr.
Bryan made a brief speech from the rear
platform of the train. He said:
Ladles and Gentlemen: I don't know
whether 1 shall return to Nebraska again un
til just before the election or not, but 1 go
away from Nebraska feeling that it is not nec
essary for me 10 stay here. [Cheers.] I want
to Bay to you, my friends, that from the re
ports which I have been receiving I do not be
lieve there is a single county in ihe State
which the Republicans are sure of carrying
this fall. {Cheers.] And more than that,
every day finds our cause stronger through
out the Union than it was the day b. fore.
[Cheers. A voice, "Hurrah for to-morrow."
Great Cheering aud laughter.] Every day finds
persons who are declaring ;or free coinage,
and I think 1 am sate in saying that you will
not find among all your acquaintances who
one month ago was in favor oi free coinage at
16 to 1, anu able to give a reason for it, has
changed his mind. [Cneers.] But you cannot
find any mau who wu for free coinage who is
thinking tnemselves into the gold-standard
Idea. [Loud cheering.]
The reason for thai, is this, that the people
are studying the money question as they never
studied it before, ai:d study of the money ques
tion leads to an understanding of it, and' wuen
men under- ".and it there will be few men for
the gold standard. And they will be the ones
who will be pecuniarily interested iv having
dollars get bigger all the time, while the
masses of the people will be determined that
no power on earth shall fasten the «old stand
ard upon the American people. [Great cheer
ing.] A little over a montu ago I went into
what I then c&iled the "enemy's country,'
but I found down there just as much enthu
siasm as there is in Nebraska. [Cheers.] To
day some parts of the country are more friendly
man others, but there la no enemy's country.
[Loud cheering.]
Mr. Bryan's first stop after leaving Lin
coln was at Eagle, where a small crowd of
people, a drum corps and a bonfire com
posed the elements of his reception. Eim
wood, another small place, turned out
with torches, and Wabash added red fire
to smoky flambeaus.
NEBRASKA CITY, Nebb.. Sept. 11.—
People stayed up late at Weepir.g Water,
Nehawka and Union to see Mr. Bryan,
and at all places he was cord. ally received.
The train reached Nebraska City at 11:40
p. M., and Mr. Bryan made a speech to
about 1500 people. He said Nebraska City
was in the heart of one of the richest
.agricultural disrt-icts of the world. The
people of the city deal with the farmers
ana the formers suffer under the gold
standard because under it prices fell. The
train left for Kansas City at midnight.
BRYAN BOOMEES BUSY.
Wild Assertions Concerning the Strength
of the ArbrasKan.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. IL— The asser
tion was officially made to-day at Demo
cratic National headquarters that the
Southern border Sales were as certain for
Bryan as Colorado or South Carolina, this
claim being based on the reports ieceived
from Kentucky, Tennessee, West Virginia,
Maryland and Missouri. While some fears
have been expressed regarding the situa
tion in Kentucky, they have been entirely
dissipated by advices received at head
quarters witlain the last three or four
days.
The Democratic gold defectionis paid to
be much less than reported, while in the
agricultural districts, especially in East
ern Kentucky, there is said to be a land
slide of Republican voters to Bryan. Fu
sion with the Populists has not been fully
completed, but it is claimed the members
of that party will in any event vote almost
unanimously for the National ticket
headed by Bryan.
Reliable information is said to have
reached headquarters that Chairman
Hanna ''has abandoned all hope of mak
ing any breaks in tiie border or Southern
States," and will confine his efferts to tne
debatable States in tne central West. The
McKiniey managers are declared to be in
a state bordering on panic over the situa
tion in Illinois and lowa. It is alleged
that a poll being made by the Republi
cans in lowa shows by the returns from
two-thirds of the counties more than 30,
-000 doubtful Republicans. This is taken
by the Democratic managers to mean that
lowa is safe for Bryan. A similar poll by
the Democratic State Central Committee
gives lowa to Bryan by 25,000 majority.
A Democratic poll being taken in Illinois
shows by the 'returns from 55 of the 101
counties, outside of Cook, that Bryan will
carry the State by 40,000 majority, accord
ing to the calculations of the Democrats.
It was announced that Dr. James E.
Adams, editor of the Advance, the lead
ing Congregational cnurch organ, has es
poused the free-coinage cause, and would
make several addresses during the cam
paign.
BAIiTISE WA NTS TO KNOW.
An Open Letter Written by the Silver
Advocate to McKiniey.
CHICAGO, lit:-; Sept.' 11.—Ex-Congress
man H. F. Bartine, a member of the
executive committee of the National Bi
metallic League and the editor of a paper
in this city advocating the free coinage of
silver, has addressed an open letter to
Major McKinley. Mr. Bartine. was a
member of the committee of fifteen at the
time when a free-silver bill was under con
sideration by Congress.
- Mr. Bartine starts out by asserting fiat
in giving the present monetary policy of
the Republican party his unqualified'in
dorsement in his letter of ..acceptance,
Major McKiniey assumes a position quite
different from ttiat which he occupied a
short time &no. He added:
; No one can read your published acceptance
without being impressed that you regard the
maintenance of me gold standard not merely
us a wise, judicious policy but as absolutely
essential to the preserve tioa of our "iiuancittl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
honor." . Throughout ; your entire discussion
of the question tbe germinal ..Idea is -that
parity with gold is the infallible test of .hon
esty in money,* and that our currency, cheaper
than gold 'at its present appreciated value, is
of necessity dishonest. : The conclusion comes
irresistibly that you regard the advocates of
unrestricted, silver coinage as being deficient
in personal integrity and as seeking to estab
lish a monetary policy that will dishonor the
American name. "
Being one of those whose personal integrity
is thus impugned, 1 make free to remind you
that in 1878, as a member of the House of
Representatives, . you voted, for; the famous
I "Bland bill," providing: for the unrestricted
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
At that lime the commercial value of the
bullion which you voted to coin into a dollar
was a little more -than 90 cents. It had been
mucn lower, but at the time your vote was
cast it bad risen considerably as a result of
political agitation and prospective free coin
age. The Bland bill was at that time de
nounced as "repudiation" and "rank dis
honesty" by many of ihe prominent financiers
who are now giving you their earnest support.
In view of these facts, would you regard it as
Impertinent for me to request a public state
ment of your opinion as to whether or not the
Bland bill was a "dishonest" measure, calcu
lated to "debase" our currency and ''dishonor"
the country? It you answer in the affirmative,
in Justice to yourself you should Inform the
country why you voted for it. If your answer
be in the negative, it should be supplemented
by an explanation of how an act that was
honest In 1878 can be dishonest in 1896.
There is no difference in principle nor even in
degree so far as the question of honesty is con-,
cerned.
You were a member of the Fifty-first Con
gress and a candidate for the Speakership of
the House. The Republican members from
the far West have not forgotten how anxious
you were for their support and how earnestly
you reminded them that you had voted for
free silver nearly twelve years before. I was
one of those Western members. At that time
(1889), when silver bullion had fallen to less
than 75 cents on the dollar in gold, you cer
tainly never gave any token that in your
opinion a law providing for the free coinage
of that metal would involve "financial dis
honor "
Mr. Bartine then reminds the major
that be recognized the fact all through the
Fifty-first Congress that the demonetiza
tion of silver was wrong; that the Bland-
Allison law was too narrow and that some- -
thing further must be done toward silver
restoration. He recalls the fact that the
nominee wan one of the special committee
of fifteen appointed by the Republican
caucus to endeavor to frame a '"free-silver
bill" upon which all Republicans could
unite. Mr. Bartine adds:
You will not hesitate to say you were one of
the most active members of the committee,
and that none was more earnest than you in
the effort to formulate a measure for which
all Republicans, including those who were
strong.? In favor of free silver, might vote.
In emphasizing the necessity of passing a sil
ver-bill in substance you said, during the com
mittee debates: "We must pass a silver bill,
the country demands it, but we must pass it
as a party measure.' I am prepared to support
any bill that we can unite on. lean accept
free coinage or the Windom bill, or anything
else upon which we can agree, but it is imper
ative that we have a silver bill." Did you in
■ 1390 regard the free coinage of silver as mean
ing "financial dishonor"? You seem to have
abandoned the opinions of a lifetime on a
question of morals. ■ '- ••■ '■ ■
PALMER AND BUCK NER.
liiijireative Meeting of the Candidate* at
Louitrille.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 11. -General
John M. Palmer, tne Democratic nominee
lor Piesident, and Mrs. Palmer were
warmly welcomed to Louisville this even
ing by an enthusiastic crowd of Kentuck
ians. General Buckner, the nominee for
Vice-President, arrived earlier with his
family and was at the Union depot at 6:35
tais evening with Colonel John R. Fellows
to welcome his chief.
The big train shed was crowded with
National Democrats when the Baltimore
and Ohio Southwestern express from the
vVest came in. General Palmer and wife
were helped from the Pullman by Na
tional Committeeman Zach Phelps.when
General Buckuer came up and threw his
arms around the Presidential nominee,
while the band played "Old Kentucky
Home."
Generals Palmer and Buckner tookf
seats in a carriage with National Eiecu- !
tive Committeeinan Haldeman and Chair- I
man George Davis of the State Central
Committee. Mrs. Palmer was placed in a
carriage with Me?dames Haldeman,
Davis and Phelps. Several carriage loads
of ladies and prominent Democrats
wheeled into line and the procession
moved to the Gait House. Fia a were fly
ing from nearly every house and the trip
to ttie hotel was nut.ie between walls of
shouting men.
The two generals' white heads were
bare of covering and they made a fine ap
pearance as they rode up the streets bow
ing to thousands of admirers. When the
hotel was reached a band in the lobby
beean playing "Old Kentucky Home."
General Palmer and wite "were escorted
to the parlors on me second floor, which
were magnificently decorated with red,
white, blue and gold with potted plants.
There they were introduced to Mrs. Buck
ner. Mrs. Palmer and her escort of ladies
retired to one of the small parlors, while
Generals Palmer and Buckner snook
hands and chatted with all concerned for
an hoar.
There will be a great jam at the notifica
tion to-morrow niglit at the Auditorium.
The meeting, which will begin at 7:45
o'clock, will be called to order by Hon.
Zach Puelps, National" Commiiteeman
from Kentucky. Mr. Phelpa will call on
the audience to sing "America," 500 copies
having been printed for the occasion. W.
D. Bynum will then take the chair And
the speech-making will begin. The affair
will be brought to a close by the singing
of "Red, White and Blue."
DO NOT bUFPOHi BRYAN.
Maloney Rays Postvffiee Clerk* Are Sol
Shouting for the Orator. "'
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 11.— delega
tion of postoffice clerks from several East
ern States arrived in Denver to day as ad
vance guard for the annual meeting of the
National Association of Post office Clerks
to meet here next week. J. Maloney of
Springfield, Mass., was surprised to read
in the press dispatches from Lincoln,
Nebr., a report of the meeting of the dele
gation with Mr.' Bryan yesterday, in
which he is reported to have assured Mr.
Bryan of the support of the National As
sociation :of Postoffice Clerks. Mr. Ma
loney wishes to correct this error. He
said: - • , " • , . .
"We sent no dispatch in advance to Mr.
Bryan or the Postmaster at Lincoln re
questing the honor of a reception, but
some gentlemen on the train, without our
advice or knowledge, which we learned
afterward, did semi such a dispatch, and
we were surprised upon our arrival to find
Mr. Bryan at the station. As spokesman
for the party I had the honor of present
ing the compliments of the delegation to
a distinguished representative American
who is a Presidentrai candidate of a great
political party. We did not assure him of
our support, nor did we predict for him a
victory. We are distinctly a non-partisan
organization, and it would have been most,
unbecoming in me to have so addressed
him, and I hope a full correction through
the press may be given of this error."
JUSTIFIES T HE POPULISTS.
Thomaa A. Watson Tmtka to an Audi-
ence in Kansas,
LOLA, Kans.', Sept. 11.— Thomas A. Wat
son, Populist Vice-Presidential candidate,
spoke here to-day to ;an audience of 1000
people. He justified the present existence
of the People's ' party 'by the statement
that the Republicans had betrayed the
people in the "crime of '73" and the Demo
crats by the "crime of '93." Both parties
had assisted in killing , the Greenback
party by asking it to trust to the Demo
crats in the South and the Republicans in
the West. He appealed to the people to
leave both parties, • and asked >if Kansas
was yet true to the doctrine she taught to
the South. =y He said: ; "I am the only rep
resentative which the People's party now
has on the National ticket. If lam re
moved Bryan will ■ lose v Texas, ~ Tennessee
and Kentucky at least. To take me off
the ticKet splits the silver party and elects
McKinley." : : " . -•.:..
Continuing, he said that Mr. Bewail was
not d true ? silver > man. He .bus not had
the disease long enough. He supported
a Democratic coldbug for Governor of
Maine name i Winslow, He called Bewail
a bondholder, railroad kintr, millionaire,
a supporter of McKinley'.a tariff idea:
said he was president of tne Merchants'
Marine Association of Philadelphia which
asks tor higher protection.
Mr. Watson said also that Chairman
Jones received a letter from Sewall at the
time of the Populist Convention intimat
ing tnat he would step down and out
whenever it was to Bryan's best interest.
The fact tnat the letter wa3 published
recently would indicate that that time had
come.
Mr. Watson said, in conclusion:
"All I can do is to appeal to the people
whether I an* to be placed under the
heels oftlie Eastern plutocrats."
Mr. Watson speaks at Abilene to-mor
row, from which point he goes to Colo
rado, his INebraska trip having been aban
doned.
Republicans of Texas.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Sept. 11.— The
Republican State Convention adjourned
Jast night after adopting a resolution that
the chairman appoint a committee with
plenary powers to arrange for fusion with
the Populists. The convention did not
nominate a State ticket, nor did it choose
electors, leaving everything to the com
mittee. The platform indorses the Repub
lican National platform. Hon. E. H. R.
Green of Kauffnian County was elected by
acclamation chairman of tne State Com
mittee for two years.
Fusion in Colorado.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 11.— The fusion
conierence ended at a late hour, the Demo
crats ana silver Republicans uniting upon
a ticket, the Democrats getting the Gov
ernor, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and one Regent. John S. Snafroth
was indorsed for Congress and Senator
Teller for re-election. The Silver party
lost many of its leaders during the "even
ing, but finally effected a fusion with the
Populists.
2V*o Letters to Caffery.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Sept. 11.— Senator
Caffery, before leaving lor Louisville, was
asked whether h- had received any word
from President Cleveland a3 to his rela
tions toward a third ticket. Mr. Caffery
replied in the negative and added that he
knew nothing except what he had seen in
the papers, and it was his opinion that if
a letter was written it would be addressed
to Chairman Bynum.
Earle Is the Nominee.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Sept. 11.— Tne State
Democratic Executive Committee declared
General Earle the nominee of the party
for United States Senator. The commit
tee also called on the Board of Control
and the Legislature to publicly investigate
and report to the public on the scandalous
charges against the State dispensary.
Bank Bookkeepers Arrested.
NEW ORLEANS, La. Sept. 11.— This
afternoon the two individual bookkeepers
of the Union National Bank, Frank B.
Leefe and A. Colomb were arrested on
affidavits made by Cashier Labarathe.
Colomb.it appears, is only "constructively"
under arrest. The charge against Leefe is
for violating United State statutes by
falsifying his books and accounts. He
pleaded not guilty and was placed under
bonds of $1000, which he immediately
furnished. There are rumors that Presi
dent Chaleron's mind is affected. 'There
was a persistent run to-day on the People's
Bank.
Winning Hnr<e* at >f. T.nuii.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 11.— Results: Six and
a half furlongs, Amelia Fonso won/Hush, see
on. i, Nellie H HI third. - Time, 1 -.22.
Five furlongs. Donna Maria won, Gold
Band second, Hazel Huehljtt third. Time,
1 MO. *-J .;;, •-
Five furlongs, Bugarfoot won, Alvln W sec
ond, Juanlta third. Time, 1 :03 li. .;. --.;
• One mile, Ace won, Whisper 'second, Kamsin
third. Time, I:42J^.
Mile and an eiglun. Hotspur won. Billy Mc-
Keuzle second, Chisweil third. Time, l:s7}£.
•
The (ire 't M«»» Council.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 11.— The
Great bun Council of the Improved Order
of Red Men ended this afternoon, when
the newly elected great chiefs were ele
vated to the stumps. The proposition to
appoint a National organizer was defeated
and the work was left to the great incoho
nee, who received an extra appropriation
to carry on the work. The titual was
partly adopted and the remainder left to
the great chiefs' council.
Ohio Powder Mill Exvlouion.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Sept. 11.— An
explosion occurred hi the pressroom of
tne mills of the Ohio Powder Company at
8 o'clock this morning in which Daniel
Davis and George Lynch lost their lives.
The men were burned almost beyond
recognition. The cause of the explosion
is unknown. Davis and Lynch were tbe
only persons in the mill at the time. The
property loss is small.
Session of the lluo-Hoos.
NASHVILLE, Term., Sept. 11.— At
to-day's session of the Concatenated Order
of Hoo-Hoos the following officers for the
ensuing year were elected : H. H. Hemen
way, Wisconsin, snark; J. A. Martin,
senior hoo-hoo; R. H. Veclmer, Missis
sippi, junior hoo-hoo; Ploth V. Walter,
Minnesota, bogvin; J. H. Baird, Tennes
see, scrivenator; E.V.Preston, Louisiana,
jobberwock; Lloyd A. Kemball, New
York, concatenator.
1/r*. Beecher Has the Whooping- Cough.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 11.— Mra.
Henry Ward Beecher, who celebrated her
eighty-fourth birthday recently, is con
fined to her home in Brooklyn with
whooping-cough, the fourth attack from
which she has suffered. She contracted
the disease from one of her great-grand
children while on a visit to her daughter
in Connecticut.
Hks in Annual Session.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 11.— The grand
officers and trustees of the Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks are in session
here. There was some talk of using ihe
charity fund for the building of a home
for the Elks, but no action taken. Minne
apolis was selected as the place for hold*
ing the next annual convention of the
Grand Lodge on July 7, 1897.
Ladies' Aid Society Elect Officer:
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 11.— The
Ladies' Aid Society of the Sons of Vet
erans completed the election of officers
this morning. They are: Miss E. Belle
Smith of lowa, national inspector; Mrs.
Mary warren of Massachusetts, muster
ing inspecting officer.
Endeavorers to Meet in San Francisco.
BOSTON. Mass., Sept. 11.— The officers
of the United Society of Christian En
deavor announced to-day that the next
International Christian Endeavor conven
tion will beheld July 7 to 12, 1897, in Ban
Francisco.
Senator George Seriously 111.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 11.— A dis
patch from Carrollton, Miss., says Sen
ator George is seriously ill. His condi
tion is such as to alarm his friends.
.4 Thrifty Oerman Director.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 1L — Herr
Schuster, director of a Handelsgeesell
schaft, has been arrested xipon a charce of
embezzlement. The amount of bis defal
cation is estimated at 3,000,000 marks.
Death of a Deputy.
BERLIN, Germahy, Sept. 11.— Prince
Egon yon Hoheniohe, a deputy of tbe
Reichsratb, is dead. He expired suddenly
oi heart disease at Goers.
WHY LI DODGED
SAN FRANCISCO
The Cramps Steal a March
on the Other Ship-
Builders.
FOSTER AS THEIR AGENT
He Arranges the Entire Pro
gramme for the Viceroy's
Entertainment.
SHOWS THE POWEK OF A NAVY
Takes Him 1o tha Cramp Yards and
Steers H.m Away From the
Uaion Iron \Vorks.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 11.— A
story is told at the Navy Department
which seems to explain why Li Hung
Chang avoided San Francisco and Balti
more and accepted the invitation to visit
Philadelphia. It is well known that the
Chinese Government proposes to construct
many new war vessels, so as to stand upon
a respectable footing with Japan.
John W. Foster, ex-Secretary of State
and a close friend of Li Hung Chang, hav
ing met him officially during his sojourn
in China, is an aeent of Cramp Brothers,
ship-builders of Philadelphia. Mr. Foster
was a self-constituted chairman of the
committee on arrangements for Li's recep-^
tion and entertainment, and the adminis
tration leit practically evrything in his
hands. They even allowed him to engage
the Chinese diplomat's quarters at the
Arlington Hotel in this city.
This information was given to The Call
correspondent by an attache of the Ar
lington. Mr. Foster prevailed upon Li
Hung Chang to visit the Cramp shipyards
at Philadelphia, while the Columbia Iron
Works, at Baltimore, which builds tor
pedo-boats, gunboats and other light
draught vessels, as well as some of the
heavier class of warships, was neglected.
It is also believed that Li Huns; Chang
was hustled off to the Flowery Kingdom,
avoiding San Francisco and her Union
Iron Works, for reaeons best known to
Mr. Foster.
YE PUM CHIN ARRIVES
An Event Second Only in Interest to Li
Hung Chang's Visit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 11.— The
arrival of Ye Pum Chin, Korean Minister
to the United States, has excited an in
terest second only to that of Li Hung
Chang's visit. Ye Pum and attaches, Ye
Eni Tarn, the secretary oi the legation,
and Ye Koi Sok, have been taking in the
sights ot the National Capital. They
seem to regard tae cable-cars ns in
stitutions, and evidently prefer them to
horse carnages. Ye Pum Chin and his
retinue hove been blowing in their pin
money on the cable-cars. They enjoy front
seats, and tne sensation ot "no puilee, no
pushee" fills them with wonder and de
llgHt.
Ye Pum Chin puts on considerably
more s^'ie than his neighbor, LL Hung
Chang, tnough he is every bit as inquisi
tive. The Korean's name, it must be un
derstood, is Ye Pum, the affix Chin being
merely to indicate that he is of royal
blood, and corresponds with "his excel
lency." Thus, if President Cleveland was
the ruler of Korea, or one of the Korean
big bugs oi royal blood, he would be
known as Grover Cleveiaad Cnin.
Ye Pum wears a long mustaciie, and a
tuft of straggly whiskers sprout from his
chin. He dresses in his princely robes of
white silk and a curiously shaped head
gear adorns his cranium, beneath which
can be seen his hair done up in a knot
like that of ft country milkmaid.
Ye Pum's predecessor was also a "Chin,"
but he wore store clothes, except upon
state occasions, when he dressed in his
native cobtume, the distinctive feature of
which was a peculiar elongated headgear
of wire netting, which looked like a bird
cage or flytrap.
Ye Pum was wonderfully impressed
with the Washington monument, and, ac
cording to the interpreter, he thought it
was "very tall, very high house."
Ye Pum's inquisitiveness greatly vexed
the trainmen on the Canadian "Paeihc.
He would jump on and off the train like a
country boy having his first ride. He ex
pected the tra.n to (rait for him, and could
not understand why one of his princely
blood should be hurried.
Ye Pum is accompanied also by Mrs.
Pum and baby Pum, and they are all
domiciled at the Korean Legation on
lowa Circle, which was formerly occupied
by Mr. Pum's predecessor, Mr. Pak Chung
Yang Chin. The latter was called to
Seoul at the outbreak of the China-Japan
ese war, and as he has not been heard of
since it is believed that be has been be
headed on account of the mysterious dis
appearance of the Que^n of Korea.
In a few days Ye Pum will be escorted
through tne various departments by State
Department officials.
Apropos of tt.e visit of Li Hung Chang
to the Treasury Department a good story
is told at the expense of Secretary Car
lisle. Lt was being shown the money
vaults and a bevy of pretty girls of the
department were hanging around, cling
ing to each other's arms in tne corridors,
laughing and giggling at the funny China
man.
Again Li's inquisitive disposition as
serted itself, as he eyed the girls curiously.
"Who are all these women?" he de
manded.
"Those are clerks," said the Secretary.
Li smiled incredulously and winked his
eye as he said to Carlisle: "Oh yes, clerks
-1 know."
INTERESTS THE COAST.
-Veto Fog Signal for Cape Arago—
and Pension Mote*.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept. 11.-Rear-
Admiral Walker of the Lighthouse Board
has issued a notice that on or about Sep
tember 15 a fog signal will be established
on the small island at the < western ex
tremity, of Cape Arago, Or. During thick
or Ifoggy weather a Daboll trumpet will
sound as follows: Blast of five seconds
silent interval of eight seconds: blast of
five seconds, bilent interval of forty-two
seconds.  . ; .  ;, . ...
.Tiie fog signal is located in a building
recently erected, which is connected with
and just in front of the tower. The build
ing is a one-story : cemented briek < struc
ture, showing-white; with sandstone trim
ming and -black roof. j A one-and-a-half
story double dwelling, painted white, with
lead-color trimmings and brown roof, has
been erected on the site of the old dwell
ing, which had become dilapidated.
■ The present: building faces south. The
tower.whicn originally was constructed of
iron and consisted; of a skeleton frame
supporting the lantern, the upper part of
the frame being inclosed with iron sheet
ing; has been incased with brick cemented
so that it shows white and connected with
the rear : of « the X newly " constructed fog
signal building. , . . ,•
A posiofhce was established to-day at
Shaver, Fresno CouDty, Cal., and Lewis P.
Swift appointed Postmaster; also at Bal
lena, San Diego County, and William T.
Ken nan appointed Postmaster; also at
Clairville, Plumas County, and Ruther
ford L. Chandler appointed Postmaster.
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original— William Shaw,
Ban Francisco; Charles Berl, Sacramento.
Washington : Original— Franklin T. Gil
bert (deceased), Olympia.
FRAUGHI WITH IAJi\LHEST.
Labor Representatives to Investigate
Economic Conditions of Mrxico.
CHICAGO. 111., Sept. 11.— Paul J. Mas
and Patrick Enwright started for Mexico
last night on a mission that will be fraught
with interest to every laboring man in the
United States. The two men go as the
representatives of the Chicago Trades and
Labor Assembly for the purpose of mak
ing a thorough and impartial investiga
tiun of the economic conditions which
prevail in Mexico.
They are to find for themselves, without
any suggestions from the organization
they represent or from any other sources,
the true status of the workingman in a
free silver country. The information they
may gain and the conclusions they form
will De submitted in a report to the Trades
and Labor Assembly as coon as they re
turn to Chicago, which will be about the
Ist oi October.
Tne Mexican workingman his hours of
labor, his wages, the cost of his living and
his environments are the subjects that
will receive the special attention of these
two laborers.
SOUTH CA.8.0 LIZA'S DISPE NSARY.
Xntr-rr*lhu Q L J,-, E*yr<t*4
'>rO»n«»Nf "^Art-tin .i'io. u
COLUMBIA. 8. C, Sept. IL-If what
has been whispered about in the last few
days since the assertions made by Gover
nor Evans as to what certain people know
about the affairs of the State dispensary
be true, some spirited revelatiuns. may be
soon expected.
The Stale Board of Control has been
called in extra session to see what is be
hind it. Colonel Jones, chairman of the
State board, having been asked why he
called the extra meeting, replied that iv
vi*«w of the recent charges made against
the Liquor Commissioners, he Uid not see
i ow the State board could do otherwise
than investigate the matter. He did not
know what the action of the board would
be. He assembled the board, and will let
it take whatever action it saw proper.
To Issue Clearing- House Certificates.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 11.—Comp
troller Eckels has received a telegram
from Bank Comiuissic#ier Johnson, at
New Orleans, stating that the Clearing
house Company has decided to issue Clear
ing-house certificates. Johnson expressed
belief th t there would be no further
trouble with the banks.
ARMY AND NAVY AFFAIRS.
Contracts About to to Be
Awarded lor Ordnance for
Coast Defense.
Retiring 0 ficers and Their Probable
Successors— Paterna Zeal of
Delegate Catson.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 11.— The
ordnance bureau of the army will shortly
award contracts amounting 10 $175,000 in
the purchase of ordnance material for
coast defense under the liberal provision
made by the last Congress. The proposed
expenditure is in addition to a lar«e sum
lately distributed in the shape of con
tracts among: leading steel firms for heavy
guns, mortars and carriages. The new
program nr^e includes the purchase of a
lighter class of ordnance for use as a kind
of secondary battery for the heavy artil
lery composing the main reliance oi the
coast defenses.
Among the guns that are to be bought
will be twenty breech-loading rifled mor
tars of 7-inch caliber, costing, it is esti
mated, $40,600, and a large number of 3.6
-inch breech-loading rifled mortars, ex
pected to cost $15,040. Ten seta of steel
forcings for 5-inch guns are also to be
bought, and there, will be another for
assemblying and hnishing these pieces of
metal, the whole to cost the Government
probably $30,000. Ten seti of steel howit
zers, to cost $30,370, and thirty steei guns
of 3.2-inch caliber will also be purchased
at a coat of $20,000.
Pay Inspector Worth Goldsborough,
now general storekeeper at the Navax
Academy, retires from active service
under the >ge limit in October, and creates
a vacancy at Annapolis which will be
filled by tiie appointment of Paymaster J.
P. Loom is. Paymaster H. T. Skeldinp of
Pennsylvania also retires about the same
time that Mr. Goldsborough goes ont, and
another good place will be open to some
officer of that corps at Mare Island Navy
yard. The retirement of these officers
gives the President two appointments of
assistant paymasters from civil life, and
Secretary Herbert is said to have already
made selections. Appointments in this
branch of the navy are considered more
valuable than in any of the staff corps
owing to the brilliant prospects of promo
tion. Many of the young assistants ap
pointed in recent years will reach the
highest rank of their corps before they
are 45 years of age, while heretofore many
officers have retired at 62 as paymasters.
The son of Postmaster-General;Wilson
is one of the fortunate young men who
will secure rapid advancement, and will
be pay director long before -he passes his
l\fneth year. A son of Admiral Ramsay
is another, as is also a son of the late Pay
master Arms, lost in the Samoan wreck.
President Cleveland has made more ap
pointments in the pay corps than any of
his predecessors.
Delegate Catron of New Mexico believes
in looking after the interests of his own
family, and apparently knows no reason
why he should not. He has taken his
political life in his bands in so doing,
however, and may suffer from his zeal!
He has absorbed both vacancies which
have fallen to him at Annapolis and West
Point by selecting his own sons to fill
them, and yesterday one of bis boys was
admitted at Annapolis.
Next March, when examinations are
held at the military academy, he hopes to
get his other son in the army. Mr. Catron
took every precaution to guard against
lailure and made one boy the alternate of
the other at both Government schools.
There have been other cases in which
Congressmen nave designated their sons
as cadets to West Point and Annapolis,
but constituents do not look with favor on
such practices, and as a rule have turned
down the member when he came up for*
renomination. General Wheeler is one of
the exceptions who as a member could
appoint his own son and still have the
selection approved at home. General
Wheeler's son graduated and is now a
lieutenant of artillery, with his station in
Washington.
Transvaal Rnid Jnvestigatton
LONDON, E.ng., Sept. 11.— The official
announcement is made that the parlia
mentary committee appointed to investi
gate the circumstances of the Transvaal
raid will not commence its duties until
the opening of Parliament. It is also
stated that before leaving for the United
States the Secretary of State for the Col
onies, Joseph Chamberlain, addressed a
letter to President Krueer, stating that
the committee would be glad to leceive
any evidence, written or otherwise, that
he might desire to submit.
WHY THE CUBANS
ARE NOT ALARMED
Remarkable Article by a
Spanish Military
Writer.
FACTS PLAINLY STATED.
The Insurgents Have Taken the
Lead in Everything During
the Campaign.
WEYLER'S UTTEB INCAPACITY.
Says Forty Thousand New Troops
Will Amount to Nothing Under
Present Conditions.
NEW YORK, N.Y.. Scot. 11.-The Snn's
Madrid correspondent, writing underdate
of August says :
It is little wonder that the Cubans are
not alarmed at the extraordinary increase
of the Spanish army on the island. Gon
zalo Reparez, a military writer of renown,
seems to share the Cuban view as to the
probable effect of the new Spanish military
expedition to Cuba. In a remarkable arti
cle over his signature, published in the
Heraldo on August 24, he says:
"I cannot refrain from speaking when I
see the enemy taking the offensive in all
parts of the island, in the neighborhood
of Bayamo, at the doors of Havana, on
tne Trocha, and finally at Bahia Honda,
which is the basis of our military opera
tions on the northern coast of Pinar del
Rio.
"Ever since the beginning of the cam
paign the insurgents have taken the lead,
as far as strategy is concerned. When
they have wished to attack they have at
tacked ; when they have wished to fight
they have fought.
"They made collections of arms when
we did not even think there was going to
be a war. They have abundant supplies
of food for the maintenance of their army.
They invaded the western districts grad
ually just a little before our own expedi
tions were sent to the islands, so that
when fresh expeditions reached Cuba the
theater of war was already enlarued and
tbe soldiers could not improve the situa
tion.
"Last spring, when the whole island
was already covered with insurgents,
they advanced toward Santa Clara, and
we answered their movements by thought
lessly spreading our troops throughout
the western provinces, thus permitting
them freely to carry out their second
invasion.
"The enemy will have done, before the
40,000 men who are now embarking land
in Cuba, what they deem necessary in
order to protect themselves. If they think
we contemplate a concentration of troops
in I'inar del Rio they will become active
in the east and in Santa Clara so as to
force us to send a great part of the new
expedition to those districts.
. "Ttiua we have to face this dilemma: If
we do as they wish we shall not be able to
break Maceo down, and if we neglect San
tiago de Cuba and Santa Clara we may
have to suiter misfortune there.
"Such as the war is now 40,000 m+n
amount to nothing. For this reason 100,
-000 should be cent at once. Gomez is be
ginning to move again; let us move also.
We are going to enter upon the decisive
turn of the war, and if we do not take ad
vantage of experience — if we keep on with
out a plan, without energy and without
knowledge of what the enemy really is —
we shall never win.
"Upon the arrival in Spain of General
Ochando he tendered his resignation as
chief of the staff of the Spanish army in
Cuba. He was induced to do this both
because of criticisms of his conduct and
also because finds were not supplied to
meet the demands of the campaign. He
says Spain's principal aim now should be
to prevent Maceo and his forces from leav
ing Pinar del Rio, and should that end be
accomplished by General Weyler going •
personally to the field there is no doubt
that Maceo would not be able to escape
unless by sea, and that would give the in
surrection a heavy blow."
SUPPLIEN FOR MACED.
The Three Friend* Lands Another Valu
able Cargo on ' the . Island. ,
i NEW YORK., N. V., Sept. 11.—Informa
tion has reached this city that the steamer
Three Friends, which left Jacksonville
last Friday, has again been successful in
landing an expedition in Cuba in spite of
the watchfulness of the Spanish war ves
sels which constantly patrol the coast.
The expedition was landed precisely where
the Spanish Navy Department exerts its
greatest vigilance. That is, on the coast
of Pinar del Rio province, where a few
weeks ago it was reported that the Cuban
leader, Antonio Maceo, was in sore need of
ammunition and clothing for his troops.
The landing was effected last Monday near
Bahla Honda, where a detachment of
Maceo's forces, which bad been | sent to
wait for the arrival of the expedition, took
charge of it at the moment the cargo
reached the beach.
Fifteen Brigand,* Executed,
ATHENS, Greece, Sept. 11.— Fifteen
men, mostly notorious brigands, were exe
cuted at Fort Palamidi yesterday.
Look
Sharply to the condition of yonr health at
this season, for peculiar perils assail the
system. : :
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Makes rich red blood ; keeps the body healthy.
HaaH'c Dill— are the only pills to take
nOOU S rTlllS with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
All you need to do in
buying furniture here is
, to get style and price to
suit..
Your money back if you
want it takes care of the
quality part.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Coi.e & Co.)
Ij7 Geary Street.FEAST OF PRAYER
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Methodists, Young and Old,
Sing of the Creator's
Glory.
TELL OF HIS BLESSINGS.
Wonderful Spiritual Awakening
Mark a Pentecostal
Meeting.
DOINGS OF THE CONFERENCE.
Lay Association and Woman's For
eign Missionary Society Elect
Officers.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cal.. Sept. They
are havine a good, old-fashioned Metho
dist time down here. This afternoon, in
an auditorium filled with hundreds of
men and women, young and old, there
was not one but shouted for the Lord. It
was a pentecostal meeting, held while the
sun wag sinking into the sea and his rays
of glory were slanting rough the win
dows of the church. A truly wonderful
spiritual awakening descended upon the
worshipers. There were testimonies for
the Lord as fast as the people could rise.
Songs, sung with great animation and
. fervor, interspersed the testimonies.
An aged man, white-haired and trem
bling, arose and said simply: "There's
sunshine in my soul." At once the chor
ister sprang forward, the organ caught the
tune in everybody's heart and all, with
jubilation, sing the refrain:
Oh, there's sunshine, blessed sunshine, while th«
peaceful, happy moments roll, C-^ t '■
: When Jesus shows his smiling face, there's sun
shine In my sou!.
Ail gathered in front of the pulpit and
shook hands, rejoiced and knelt toeether
in the gool old-fashioned Methodist way.
All sang — some one tune, some another.
Some prayed. W. ite heads and wrinkled
faces, tears wetting their cheeks, wth
closed eyes were raised heavenward, and
with a tende-ness and emphasis that
thrilled, all san;:
Th» cleansing stream I see. I see;
I plans;*, and, oh, it cleaaseth me —
Oh, praise the I/>rd, It cieanseth me;
It cieacseth me, yes, cleanse: me.
"Glory !" I see tbe new creation rise,"
sbouted on». "Everybody say haileiujah."
"Hallelujah!" shouted all, till the rafters
rang — and the meeting was over.
The 3:30 o'clock praise service, preced
ing to-day's s^vlnn of the conference, was
led by Rev. R. W. Gober. Bishop Foss
presided as usual. Annual repoits show
ing sood work in :heir districts and need of
financial aid in certa-n churches were
read by Presiding Eider A. T. Need ham
of the Sacramento district and Presiding
El er John Coyle of San Francisco dta-
T o former reported that one-half
the $800u debt in ihis district had b°en
paid during the year. The atter spoke of
tbe revival work done in Central and
Howard -s'.reet Methodist churches, San
Francisco.
A committee of the Anti-saloon League
wa« appointed as follows: Revs. T. V
Bovard. E. D. rfcCreary, S. J. Carroll, E.
R. Dille, E. R. Willis.
A very impre«sive and an important :
service then took place, it was the ad
mission of the fol'owing probationers in j
the conference coarse of study into the ;
conference membership, the members of 1
the clas« coming forward as their names
were caliph. : L. M. BurweM. W. A. Ken- >
nedy, Wiiliam Marshall, W. G. Trud -eon, !
Ernest B. Winning, Joseph Long. They !
were admitted as deacons, and the solemn i
ceremony of ordainine them will take !
place on Sunday. Mr. Trudgeon had not i
completed all his studies and was given I
two yaars more.
Bishop Foss interrogated the young I
candidates. He then delivered an elo
qoent and learned discourse on "The j
Model Minister," which was heard with '
pleasure and profit by all. He a^mon-,
i*hed the young ministers to read and j
keep abreast of the times, but not to loose i
sirbt of tbe eood oid c-eed of the church, i
"The model minister must be saturated |
with the holy word, ■ he said. He asked j
tbe usual discipline questions and the !
young ministers retired.
The Rev?. H. W. Baker of the Pennsyl
vania, F. A. Morrow of the lowa and
Joseph Long of the Minnesota conferences,
wfeo are new-comers to The California '<
conference, were introduced. The con- i
ference then adjourned until to-morrow
morn i tie.
Tbe Lay Association of tbe California
conference met in the auditorium in the !
afternoon. After devotional exercises C. :
B. Perkins officiated as temporary chair- j
man and James L. Case as temporary !
secretary (being later made permanent
secretary). Rev. Messrs. Heacock. Brings
and Anthony were received as a deputa- '<
tion bringing a welcome from the confer- i
ence. Treasurer C. W. Ktnsey reported I
collections of $55 during the year and $5
remaining in tbe treasury. The following I
permanent officers were elected:
President— H. Tregonin? of College Park.
First vice-president — Charles E. Dunning of !
Berkeley.
Second vice-president— Mrs. C. W. Kin«ey of
Oakland. ;
Third vice-president —E. H. Smith of'
Stcckton.
Recording secretary— James L. Cafe of San i
Francisco.
Corresponding secretary— J. A. Percy of San j
Francisco.
Treasurer— J. C. Zuci of Gilroy.
The new president toot tbe chair. On
the eeneral topic of "The Sunday-schooi," |
H. Morton of the First Methodist <,hurch, I
San Jose, read a paper on "Its Nature and
Claims." He is president of the Califor
nia Mate Sunday-school Association, j.
"The Necessity of Bible Study" was the I
topic of the paper nf Myron T. Holcomb j
of First ChurciJ, Oakland. Treasurer Case !
spoke indorsing the Normal Bible-class in- i
Btruction in the Sunday-school. Rev. [
Joan Thompson of San Francisco, agent j
of the American Bible Society, said the I
Bible had cone where the missionary
would not dare to go.
"Peter Yorke said recently that we did
not have the Bible. Who should be the
authority. Peter Yorke or the ereat trans
lators wbo have given us the sacred
word ?" he asked.
The paper of John F. Holmes of Oak
land, who was absent, on "The Individ
ual Cnp" was read by S. E. Holden, presi
dent of tbe Bank of Napa. Mr. Watson, a
member of the Eighh-avenue Church,
Oakland, excoriated the idea of the trans- |
mission of disease by the communion-cup, j
aid advised sticking: by tbe old cup that i
all had dranic out of for centuries.
"For my part, I'd like to see the whole
individual communion service thrown
into San Francisco Bay,' 1 he declared.
Mrs. Dr. Cronemiller, Mrs. William Ab- !
bott and Mr*. C. C. Lombard were aj<
point'-d «o represent the Lay Association
at the conference to-morrow.
At the opening of the evening session of
the association, C. C. Lombard prayed for \
the children to be jrathered within the |
fold, and thai Bible study roijrht increase. ;
Two nuudrei a:id s:xiy six delegates were j
reported in the convention. Woman's
suffrage resolutions were adopted. Reso
lutions indorsing tbe California Christian
Advocate, expressing continued interest
in the Bible societies and recommending
co-operation by ail churches were adopted.
Sunday observance resolutions, recitine
that tbe Sabbath was threatened by tbe
infusion of foreign customs and practices,
the open saloon, the abuse of the bicycie,
Sunday excursions, The Sunday news
paper and the indifference of" church
members, and affirming the association's
I allegiance to the Sabbath and a more
strict observance ot it, were adopted. A
resolution indorsing the University of the
Pacific, calling on the conference to set
apart a day on which to present tbe inter
'■■ est and attractions of the university and
| extending sympathy and co-operation to
President McCii->h. was adoptea. A reso
! lution fixing the close of the year for
i financial and all other purposes for all
I churches at the close o; the annual session
of conference, there be;n» neeil for uni
formity in this regard, and appointing a
committee to lay the matter before the
conference, was adopted.
Treasurer P. Boh! of the Preacher's Re
lief Association reported that $2860 had
been loaned out and that the associa
tion had 160 acres of timber land
to sell to increase the fund. R. E.
Went asked co-operation and assistance
for the Preachers' Mutual Aid Society,
I and Mrs. Laura Sims asked the same for
the Deaconess' Board of San Francisco.
An address on -The Place of Laymen in
the Government of the Church" was de
livered by Roll a V. Watt of San Fran
cisco. He said tnat laymen should have
either more or less power in church gov
ernment. Professor If. S. Cross, A.M.,
of the University of the Pacific, read a
learned and thoughtful paper on '-Higher
Education." Rev. Anna Shaw will not
appear as announced. Mrs. Lucy Drake
j O=-barn spoke in her place. "The Future
of Methodism" was the subject treated by
John A. Percy of Sau Francisco.
As a committee on programme for n r xt
i year, Henry Morton, C. B. Perkins and J.
L. Case were named.
In Presiding Elder Coyle's annual re
-1 port to the conference to-day he stated
: that Captain Goodall had bought the Van i
, Ness avenue and Bush street property, j
to save it for the church, and |
' that Dr. Dilie and the members of the
! Central church were enabled to hold it for
\ Methodism by having placed on Central
j Churc i and the Van Ness property a
• mortgage for $4 LOGO.
Ou motion of Rev. R, Bentley, the con
-1 ference se* next Monday a ternoon as the
time on which to receive Dr. J. F. McLean
of Sacramento and Jud^e J. M. Hayden.
■ delegates of the General Congregational
I Association, who will be heard on "Inter
• national Comity."
At 1 o'clock ti is afternoon the Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society held a busi
ness meeting in the basement parlor and
elected these officers:
President— Mrs. Clara B. Knmmer.
Vice-PresideDt— Mr?. J. K. Beard.
Recording Secretary— Mrs. E. R. Willis of
Napa.
Corresponding Secretary— Mrs. P. B Searle
| of S»u Jose.
Conference Treasurer— F. J. Masters of
! Berkeley.
At the Centrella to-night Presidine
Eider Willis and Mrs. Willis entertained
. the ministers and their wives of the Napa
j District.
CYCLERS AT SAN RAFAEL
Over a Thousand Wheelmen
Will Parade the Streets
at Night.
Fastest Amateurs in the State to
Compete in tbe Racing
Events.
SAX RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. IL— More
than ICOO wheels w:ll be in line in tbe
great bicycle parade tomorrow night.
The houses along the line of march will
be decorated and illuminated. Lines of
Chinese lan ems will be strung across the
streets. Santa Rosa will send a large dele
gation; Petaluma. San Francisco, Oak
land, San Jo=e. and all the little towns
between will have decorated wheels in
line. Tbe line of march from the club
house to H street, up H street to Fifth, to
E, 10 Fourth, to Irwin, to Hotel Rafael,
through the hotel grounds to Belie
avenue, to Petaluma avenue, to Fourth
street, to clubhouse and disband. It is
about live miles long.
The railroad will run seven extra coaches
from San Francisco to-morrow evening.
After the disbamting of tne parade there
will be a banquet in the San Rafael Ath
letic and Cycling Club rooms. Accommo
dations ior 5000 visitors have been pro
vided. A delegation of five will meet the
Sau«alito contingent.
The races will begin on Sunday with
the live-mile handicap at 11 :4o o'clock in
tbe morning. Already 136 entries have
been received. Some of the best amateurs
in the State will compete, among them
Hamiin. Squires, Decker and Cratt. The
races will all be straightaways, over the
Ross Valley coarse. All will finish in
front of the county courthouse.
The officers are as follows: Referee,
Frank M. Byrue: judges, Hon. James H.
vVilkins, R.E. Ramage, J. Hancock, W.
J. Piiley, A. L. Griffin, F. Mayo, Pop
Fields; 'starters, W. E. Robertson. J. J.
Reid; timers at finish, George P. Wet
more, H. H. Stratton, A. P. Swain;
scorers, J. Barrows, W. Groshong, H. B.
Dodd. L. Caldwell, G. D. Heydenfeldt, P.
R. Butz; clerk of the course, A. E. Scott;
marshal, Geome Bruilet; umpires, J. S.
Egan and assistants.
TIBURON'S QUEER EPIDEMIC.
Two Men Suddenly Bereft of the Power
to Converse With Their
Fellows.
TIBURON, Cal., Sept. IL— Either a
remarkable malady ;s becoming prevalent
in T:buron or tbe iittle town has recently
been furnisbed with a strange coincidence
in thecase3 of Charles Rudolph, proprietor
of the Pioneer boathouse, and Wiliiam
Lewis, proprietor of tbe Tiburon and
Belvedere express. Both men were stricken
dumb, t c former on September 6 and the
latter on the day following.
Rudolph was perfectly able to converse
until noon of the 6ib. At that time he
endeavored to give some directions to a
subordinate relative to the hire of his
boats. His mouth framed the words but
uttered no sonud. S nee then he has re
covered his lost power of speech slowly,
and now can only partiallT make himself
understood by word of mouth. He is
being benefited by treatment for paralysis
of tbe throat.
Mr. Lewis' case is almost a parallel to
Rudolph's. He was rendered speechless
on the 7th, just as suddenly and without
the slightest preir.ononition. Thomas E.
Mitchell, a personal friend, accompanied
h:m to San Rafael, where be was treated
for paralysis of th- throat. Lewis has now
almost entirely regained his power of
:-peech.
Juror* Sworn at Tianlla.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. IL— Three more
jurors were sworn to-day to try Charles
ArJeil for complicity in the attempted
robbery of a Southern Pacific train near
Tau'us on the night of March 10. They
were J. Huse Campbell, W. H. Kenner
and J. H. Board. Judge Gray issued an
order for a special Tenire of thirty-five
taie^men.
MrKinlav Talk* at Porterville.
POKTEKVILLE, Cal., Sept. 11. -Hon.
D. E McKinlay opened the Republican
campaign here tins evening. He was
greeted by a large audience and deiiveied
a masterly address on protection and
prosperity. The Tulare. City baad was in
attendance and discoursed music during
ifae evening.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
EUREKA'S FIRST
DISTRICT FAIR
Agriculture and Mechanics
Will Be Its Special
Features.
NEW PAVILION OPENED
Extensive Displays of Native
Products to Be Placed
on Exhibition.
BICYCLE AND HORSE RACES.
Noted Pedalers and Equine Cracks
Will Compete for Liberal
Purses.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 11. -Prospects of a
big success for the First Annual Agricul
tural and Mechanical Fair to be held here
durine the week commencing on Sept. 21,
and ending on the 26th instant, are very
favorable. Excursion boats have been
arranged to sail from Coos Bay, Crescent
City and Fort Bragg. It is estimated that
fully 1000 visitors will be brought into Eu
reka from these sources alone. All eec-
Pavilion Being Erected for Eureka's Mechanical and Agricultural Fair.
tions of the county are necessarily inter
ested in the success of the exposition and
are assisting it with a hearty co-operation.
Now that the outlook is good none ques
tion tbe expediency of so large an output.
The business men, satisfied witn tbe pros
pects of a good trade, are cheerfully
making up the $9000 which they sub
scribed.
The handsome pavilion erected at a
cost of $6000 was formally dedicated to
night. Never since Queen Sequoia of last
year terminated her reign has such inter
est been taken in a public event. For
weeks people of Eureka and neighboring
towns have been in a whirl of anticipa
tion. The pavilion, although the most
spacious dancehail in town, was found in
sufficient to properly accommodate the
throng desiring a imission.
The decorations wer« entirely in the
hands of the women's department of the
exposition. Sequoia boughs were ar
ranged to make of the hall a perfect bower.
The balconies of tbe pavilion were draped
with fair colors of cardinal, cream and
orange. Flags and ships' colors were
draped pendent from the ceiling.
iiusic lovers are looking forward with
pleasure to tbe Cassasa daily concerts.
The management nas secured the services
of the famous First Regiment band, which
will leave on a special steamer for Hum
boldt as soon as its engagement at the
Sacramento State Fair is concluded on the
19th of the month.
The bicycle races to be held on the
third day of tbe fair promise to be excep
tionally good. Prizes amounting to $300,
mostly cash, have been offered. The fol
lowing crack riders have signified their
intention of contesting: Allyn Jone«,
Bob Terrill, Bob Long, Roma Dow, W. E.
Edwards, Clarence Davis, Dan Whitman,
Arthur Borden, Frank Byrne and others.
Entries for the horse race are coming in
equally fast. Wayland W, with a record
of 2:12}4, >• being worked here.
I c women's department will be by no
means a minor feature of the exposition.
Tbe floral and art exhibits bave been
placed in the bands of Miss Eliza Clark, a
lady prominent in art circles. An efficient
corps of assistants has been appointed and
much good work is being done. On
Friday. September 11, a grand dedicatory
ball will be given, after which the pavilion
wilt be turned over to the display.
It is not known yet who will open the
fair. Should Governor Budd be unable to
attend. Senator Perkins or R -presentative
Barham will probably be asked to perform
tbe task.
SANTA CRUZ CHARITY
The Orphanage Fund Increase* by the
louny Mem* Institute.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 11.— Ar
mory to-night was the scene of one of the
most fashionable gatherings this season.
It was the concert and charity ball under
the auspices of Council No. 12, Young
Men's Institute. The . charity itself is
unique, inasmuch" as it benefits the or
phans of all denominations. The success
! of the concert and bail was assured ;when
Mrs. Judge Logan and equally prominent
: women undertook the management.' ' "
The concert was of one hour's duration, i
It was eiven by ! the band of the First i
United States Infantry and the dance
music by Hastines' orchestra. The grand
march was led by President J. Stan too of
, the Young Men's Institute and Miss Nina
de St: Hubert.. V - ,
To Messrs. Stanton, Kelly and Leonard
fell the arduous duty associated witb the
committee of 'arrangements. r The concert
ana bail, apart from its social success, will |
be of great benefit to the orphanage fund. I
J,ci Angeles Gambler's Death.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Sept. IL—Uon
ardo F.hz, tbe gambler who was accident
ally shot in the neck about ten days ago,
while playing poker in a room on East
r"ir?t street, died from his injuries at the
County Hospital last night. A stranger
in the gnrb of a rancher went into a pawn *
shoo adjoining the poker rooms, presuma*
oly to p: -chase a revolver. In attempt"
ing to load the weapon a cartridge was ex
ploded, the bullei passing through the
partition and entering the neck of Feliz.
While the occurrence was possibly an ac
cident, an attempt will be made to estab
lish the identity of the man who sought
to purchase the revolver.
STOCKTON'S SUCCESSFUL FETK.
I he Admission Hay fund in Excess of
All Bill* Contracted.
STOCKTON. Cal., Sept. LL— The gen
eral committee that had charge of the
Admission day celebration met to-night
and the reports of the various sub-com
mittees were listened to. Some of the
committeemen reported deficiencies in
the funds allotted to them, but others
had money left and there will be several
hundreds of dollars on hand after every
bill is paid.
It was decided to gi*e a vote of thanks
at the next meeting to be held on Wednes
day evening to all who had lent the local
Natives assistance in making the cele
bration a success. Among those who
were mentioned and the principal one
was the Valley road, as several of the local
committee expressed their appreciation of
the action of the road in having it* en
gines stand on the 'tracks at the water
front during the regetta. Every time a
Stockton crew started or a Stockton crew
won in any of the events the engines of
the Valley road let their whistles loose
and the noise was then' taken up by all
the tugs and steamers on the water. The
new pas sen eer cars of the people's road
were also stationed on the tracks at tue
; water front and made a splendid showing.
TIBURON'S NEXT CLAWBAKE.
Preparations Under Way for Another
Feast on Mollusks.
TIBURON, Cal.. Sept. IL— Not con
tent with the pronounced success of her
last great clambake, Tiburon intends to
give another on September 20. This time
the clams will be prepared under a full
moon. The Tiburon Clambake Associa
tion has already held one meeting to-
ward this end. Thomas E. Mitchell wa*
elected president; N. R. Hans-en, treas
urer; Fred Haekett, secretary; J. C.
O'Connell, master of ceremonies'; W. Fin
layson, manager of games, and J. Am
araid of boatracine and swimming.
George Croweil, who supervis d the bak
ing of tbe clams at the last bake, will be
the artist of oui-ine. Corn and chicken
will not be made so much of, but a spe
cialty will be made of clams. It is as
serted that a balloon wil! go up witboo:
lai: this time; also negotiations bave ai
ready been made with a hL-h diver, wbo
will plunge from an elevation of over
ninety feet into tbe bay. The railroad
has promised extra boats from San Fran
cisco for the occasion and extra trains
irom San Rafael.
SANTA CRUZ RECEPTION.
0 ficers of the First Infantry
Entertained at Isabel
Grove.
Mayor Cl9rk and His Fellow-Towns*
men Officiate at a Woodland
Barbecue.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. IL— The
officers of the First Infantry were right
royilly entertained by the city of Santa
Cruz at Isabel Grore to-day. It was a
complete change from the order of things
which has prevailed for nearly three
weeks. Instead of the right hand of wel
come being extended to local citizens by
Colonel Miles and his staff, it was Mayor
Clark, Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and
their fellow-townsmen who stood amid
the shady glens and groves of Isabel Park
and dispensed tbe choicest viands for the
inner man. The form of hospitality to
day was a barbecue by name, but a feast
in pa-ticalar. The bullshead was there,
garnisbed with fried chicken, potted game,
pate de foie gras and drinkables, soft aud
otherwise.
Amid the natural oaks, with sparkling
streams oozing and gurgling from beds of
nestling brakes and ferns, Mayor Clark
arose at noon and spake the welcome of
Santa Cruz to her heroic guests.
Colonel Miies replied that it gave him
the greatest pleasure to acknowledge that
this was one of the most successful camps
ever held here. The natural advantages
of the surrounding country had favored
excellent tactics. The drills and exercises
had been successful in every detail, and
passine irom the martial to the sociai he
thanked tUe citizens of Santa Crus for
their many kindnesses and for the present
show of generous hospitality. He said
officers and men, rank and ti!e, would
take away wita them most happy recol
lections of this encampment.
During the feast tne First Infantry
band discoursed tlie latest musical gem*;
the photographer caught the graceful pose
of martial figures, and many availed tr era
seircs of the cool walks surrounding the
natural dining-lable and told tales of war
and chivajry.
Failure at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. IL—
Seth Loomis, owner ot the Art leather
store on State street, and upon whom
several attachment* were recently made
by Main & Winchester of San Francisco
has filed a petition in the Superior Court
asking to be declared an insolvent debtor
His liabilities are placed at $12,65166
assets $7100.
Satttm Birhara Burglary.
BANTA BARBARA. Cal., Sept it—
Otto Kaeding's cigar-store was entered by
LurEiars last night. Sixty-nve dollars in
cash and several watches and ripes were
taken.
FAVORITES FIRST
AT SACRAMENTO
Three Out of Five Gladden
the Hearts of the
"Pikers."
ROSE'S COLORS IN FRONT
Torsino Wins the Misses Stake,
and *Tea Set the Sunny
Slope
SUNRISE II BEATS ARTICUS.
Plangers Loss H avily on the Mile
and a S xteentb— Olive Loses
to Grady
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 11.— Six
dashing youne misses, mounted on pranc
ing s;eeds, performed some daring feats of
equestrianism at the racetrack this fore
noon. It was the opening day of the
tournament. The pretty horsewomen who
took part were Misa L. E. Ward of Oak
land and the Misses Geaevieve Henry,
Bessie Quareles, Augustine dv Milieu,
Grace Farnsworth and Bertha Gardner of
Sacramento.
Miss Ward of Oakland proved herself an
equestrienne above the averaee, and, cer
tainly, little less could be said of tbe other
live contestants, who performed some very
pretty maneuvers with their respective
mounts. Little Bertha Gardner, a diminu
tive mis?, mounted on a proud-stepping
gray pony, which knew no end of tricks,
could well give pointers to many profes
sional riders.
But one contestant appeared in the sec
ond division of reinswomer, Miss May
Heath of Oak Grove, who handled a four
in-hand attached to an English draz su
perbly enough to catch the heart of a real
Duke or Lord from across the pond.
The tourney will be continued on Fri
day of next week, when the prizes will be
awarded.
In the afternoon a crowded grand stand
and packed betting ring greeted the gal
lopers. The caret looked just a trifla
freckled from lack of entries, but still
some rare contests were enjoyed. The
day was an ideal one for racing; no un
pleasant feature marred the sport and
as three out of five favorites stepped
-.cross the plate in front the sports burned
red fire to-night and the limit of the vari
ous faro games has teen temporarily
raised.
Conspicuous' in the front, rank again j
to-day were the colors of Bookmaker
George Rose, whose seect'string is meet
ing with phenomenal success at the meet
ing. After Miss Maggie M had been
beaten a head in a drive by Howard S, in
tne opening event, Torsino, carrying his
colors, gai;o ped away with the Misses
stake, worth $565, and thirty minutes
later Tea Rose put the Sunny Slope stake,
valued at $494, to the lucky penciier's ac
count.* The big piunga of the day was
made on Articuf, a tartar in the last race,
whose odds were pounded from 6 to 1 off
the boards. Sunrise 11, owned by a legal
turf a viser named Morris, was also in to
"put a little lea in the caddy," and, car
rying be last shekel possessed by every
tout on the track, easily beat Articus.
Several lobsters also ran in the rac-*.
In the opening five and a half furlong
handicap for . two-year-olds. Mis-* Maggie
M. dropped in with 97 pounds, looked a
bit rosy, and her friends played her down
from fours to 2to 1. In 'a mild sort of a
drive she was beaten out a neck by the
4to 5 favorite, Howard S,* in 1:08. Halle
lujah, which opened equal in the betting
with Howard b. receded to fours.
The Spreckels try, Olive, was a warm
favorite for the mils handicap, with but
four starters. The handsome mare is evi
dently not at her best; for the could do no
better than dnish in third place. The
light-weighted Grady, a 4 to 1 chance,
ridden by little Cole, and Instigator, with
Narvaez up, fought it _ out through the
stretch, the : forming winning in a hard
drive by a nose in 1:4 2? 4 . ■
Tbe Misses stake over six furlongs was
a very tame affair. The j handicapper put
117 pounds on Torsino, but she badly out
classed her field and won as she pleased in
I romping fashion, starting a 1 to 2 favorite.
I Lucille, carrying . the colors of A. B.
Sprockels. was a creditable second, heavily
supported for the place in the betting.
Patsy Freeman alighted from the back
of Torsino, and the clever lightweight ap
peared i* few minutes later astride of Tea
Rose, the 3 to 5 . favorite ,' for the Sunny
Slope stake at five furlongs for two-year
old fillies. Dura was second choice in the
betting at 7 to 5. but was never able to ex
tend the first choice, which won under
double wraps in 1:02 Gntndezia, February
and Catherine tbe Great were the only
other starters, the latter finishing in the
show.
Eleven , selling-platers faced Havey in
the mile and a sixteenth selling affair, with
Articus the hottest sort of a tip. After
half the distance bad been covered, Sun
rise 11, backed from sizes down to 3%,
passed Two Cheers and beaded the bunch
out an easy winner in I:49J£. Articus came
from away back in the bunch, ending sec
ond.
Five and a half furlongs, . handicap, three-year
old*, purse $350.
J. H. Miietd's br. c. Howard 8, 115, by- Imp.
WhisUe Jackel-Ztllc* (Encs), 4to 6. '. 1
G. Rome's b. f. Mastklo M. 97, by Imp. Mid
lothlan-Tricksey (Pizgott), 2 to 1,. 2
J. Bobbins' b. f. Ha'.lelnjah, 112, by imp. Mar
teabarst-Bymn of Praise (Henneasy), 4 to 1... 8
Time, 1:08.
lastallatrix also ran. j* , .
On? mile, handicap, purse $100.
Owens Bros ' b, c. Grady. 95 by Three Cheers-
Gold Gup (Cole), 4 to 1 1..'....- ..; 1
El m wood stock farm's b. c Instigator. 105, by
imp. tJru.m-Installaiion (N'arvaex), 4 to 1 .... 3
A. B. ■iprcclcels'.b. m. Olive. 103, by Apacce-
Vtx^ie (Isom), 4 to 5 — .........;.... 3
Time, 1:425^.
SabVla also ran. •■
The Misses stake, handicap, six furlongs, for
three-year-old fillies, ralne 9565.
Ueerg.- Rose's 0. f. Torsino, 117. by Torso-Bertie
W (Fr eman). 1 to 2 ; l
A. B. i«preckel»' b. f. i.iiclUe, SO. by St. S-avlcur-
Sarponyx (loom). 4 to !„ .." ." 2
M- "J. Kelly's eh. i. Icnac, 97. by Take Notice-
Picnic (bht-pard), 12 10 1... ..,,.........;. . 3
- -:. --;*:*■ . Time. 1:161*.
Cheripe, \ Johoaon, Coda and Myrtle H
also ran. -. ■• f-,\* , . . :
The Snnn* Slope stakes, five furlongs, two-yesr-
O'.d allies, value 4495. .
Geonce Hose's eh. f. Tea Rose. 105, by imp. Mid- ■
" lothian-Bed Kos? (Knezaan) 3 to 5 ;■;;..:. 1
Pueblo stab 's eh. f. Dora, 110, by Kacine-Imp.
- Berna(jicGtoae),7toa... :*...;.;.;;.■.._..:; 2
. Elmwood stock, farm's b. 1 Catkerlae the Great,
I 95, by imp. Brutus- Bonnie Jean (McCialn), 15
to 1.......:...r;.... .-.;;...:........ 8
. j. Time, 1:02. ••
' Grandesla and February also ran. .
. One and a sixteenth miles, selling; pone 9490.
M. Morns' eh. t. Sunrise it, 96. by Saiv.uor-
Alice (Isom). 7 to 2...... ............ .......^-^ 1
P. Archibald's b.;b..Articps. 107, by Argyle-
Glenloch (Hennessey), 8 to 6.;... .......:„ 3
Fioodmore stable's br. g. Two Cheers. - 107, by
Three Cheer*- Lady Emma (Bozecaan), 6 to 1.. 3
.. >-:-, Time. 1:49%. v..
Rebellion, Ix>nr Lady. Claudius, Mlrambo, Jack
Richelieu, Malo Diablo, Broad Biilo* and Tuxedo
also ran. ;'~-':'.'-^i ":.','-"•* '"....*
C To-morrow ; ; will be Sacramento day at
the races, ;> the • majority of : : the business
houses giving their employes a half holi
day. Tbe following splendid list of entries
will furnish sport for the occasion:
Six furlongs, purse — Linkboy 106, The
Plucrer 103. P. F. 110. Dolce 110, Vincitor
106, Billy Vice 106, Miss Majrgie M 105.
Ssx furlongi. selling— Encino 104, Peixotto
108, P.icardo 110. Miss Pollard 101, Hea-tsease
101, Hymn 110, Thelma 103, Giadiola 103,
Rose Clark 100, Caiiente 100, Bernardo 10ti,
Sea Spray 110, tfainataj 114.
Ciiiiiornia Annual siaites, six furlongs—Do
lore 110, Hohenzollern 113, Geyser 113, Ham
Tacit 98, True B.ue 113, The Roman 113.
Capital CJty stakes, mile and an eiehth—
Olive 100, Ruinart 115. Wheel of Fortune 110,
Xebuoatdnazzar 105, Marcel 103, Ins ta'.. a: or
116.
Hurdle handicap, one and three-eighths
mile*— J O C 142, Huntsman 145. Gold Dust
135, Onti Ora 133, Rohin Hoou I 125, Baby
Bili 123. Uncle sain 123. Zarngosa 120.
Sx furlongs, sell ing— Tor»ion 103. La Fiecha
99, Red Idle 100. Tobey 103. Favory 110, Trap
ptau 105. Caraßtton 101. WarragoiOS, Charley
A 108. Charles Boots 100, Tonino 100, Blanche
Bates 104, Silver State XO6-
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Ctu bo. Won. Lost. ,^l r .
Clubs.
Baltimore , 84 -35 .705
Cleveland ' 73 45 .618
Cincinnati. „ 72 46 .610
Chicago. 69 ( 53 .665
Boston.. 67 , 54 .552
PutsDnr*. ; 62 | 66 .5*25
K'wVort 59 1 62 .489
Philadelphia 68 62 .483
Brooklyn. .; 85 ! 64 .462
Washington...... ; 51 ; 68 .428
St. LonU. ■■ 36 i 85 .397
Louisville .. _.-. i 31 i 87 j .262
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept, 11.— A postponed
game between the BaUimores and the Brook
iyns was played here to-day, and the home
team lost. Attendance 5500. Score: Bait:- j
mores 5, 8. 4; Brooklyns 10, 12, 3. Bat- j
teries— Hemming and Robinson; Daub and
Grim. Umpire— Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 11.— Philadel- :
phia defeated Washington to-day in the pres
ence oi 2800 people. Score: Washincroi.s 5, [
10, 1; Philsde.phias 6, 10, 1. Batteries—
Kicg and Farrell; Car&ey and Grady. Urn- j
pire— Lynch.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Sept. 11.-Chicaeo again !
scored a victory over Pittsburg to-day, which I
makes ten out ol the e!even games played that ;
have been won by Anton's men. Attendance l
3000. Score: Piiuburgs 2". 8, 3; Chica&os 4,
7, 1. Batteries— Hastings and Merritt; Terry ;
and Donohue. Umpire — Sheridan.
LOCISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 11.— To-day's game
bef.veen Louisville and Cincinnati was an- ;
other pitcher's game, in which Ehret had a ;
shade the best of it. Louisville won the game I
on a single by Clarke, Rogers' bunt and a wild !
throw by Ehret. yelther pitcher gave a base '
on bails. Attendance 2000. Scor.?: Louis
vllles3,6. 1; Cncinnatis 2. 8,3. Batteries i
Cunningham and Miller, Ehret and Vaughn.
Umi>ire— Lauy.
ORANGE, N. J., Sept. 11.— About 2500 per
■ana witnessed the baseball game played this \
afternoon oa the Orange oval between the ■
Orange Athletic Club's team and the Boston
National League nine. Ihe game was closely :
contested, and resulted in a victory for the j
home team by the score of 8 to 6' Score: '.
Orange S, 9, 2; Bostons 6,9.2. Batteries —
Stephens and Williams, Sullivan and G eager. }
STOCKTON'S KANNEL SHOW.
Leaders of the Canine Four Hundred
Will Po<e for Frizes.
STOCKTON. Cal., Sept. IL— The entries
for the bench show are coming in fast
To-day twenty-hve were received. Among
these was that of the great English biood
hoend Buckshot 11, one of the best of its
class in the United States. Tbe celebrated
dog is entered by A. E. Culver of Mott.
Siskiyou County. It was recently brought
to the coast from Lexington Ky. Culver
has also entered the Great Dane Orchard
Trilby, that came here a short time aeo
from Topeka, Kuns. Orchard Triiby won
first prize at S:. Louis this year.
Champion Dick Swiveller has been en
tered by A. B. Truman. He has not Lady
Echo in his string this year, but this well
known Irish setter has been entered tiy
Mrs. Dr. Cluneas of San Fr-»ncisco, h-r
present owner. Truman has also entered
Lightning J and Nemo IL Nemo II has
already won two prizes in the challenge
class and is expected 10 win here.
Winners at lrrington.
PORTLAND, Ob.. Sept. IL— Results at
Irvinttton :
Roadsters, mile, Plato won, Springstine sec
ond. Riad Boy third. Time. 2:37.
2:32 trot. (Juyeisca won, X-iylox second,
Kit:ie Kisbar third. Time, 2:29>.j;.
Five-eigh;hB of a mile dash, Miss Heppner
won, Lat*h second, Begonia third. Time. 1 :»J5.
Five-eighUii of a mile, special. Black Alder
won, Picnic second, Hntrie D 'hlrd. Time, 1:03.
I FitMtimtnons .met Corbett.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. IL-Fitz
simmons, on receiving Corbett's dispatch
to-day proposing to meet him at the Police
Gazette office to-morrow, telegraphed Cor
bett tnat be would meet him at any other
place and that he did not propose to do
business in the Gazette office.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Better Hurry
down there, Jim, and get one of those $6.45
suits ; I tell you it is the greatest snap yet.
Ever see any ten-dollar suit to beat this one?
No, I guess not."
It's been a great sale this week of those
$7-s°i $9? $10 and Si 2 all-wool suits at 56.45,
but there are a few left yet. and until the
store closes to-night you ma}- have your pick.
Don't put it off ! Come to-day.
Come In and see our factory, where over 200
employes (exclusively white labor) are adding to the
material welfare and prosperity of California.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
SOCIETY'S MEET
AT SAN CLEMENTE
The San Rafael Hunt Club
Horses Will Race This
Afternoon.
CUPS FOR THE WINNERS
Individual Prizes Offered by
Gentlemen Who Enjjy the
Sport of Kings.
PONY SPRIXTERS TO COMPETE.
Laiies Who Own Thoroughbreds Are
Taking a Livsiy Interest in
the Event
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 11.— The
Valentine racing course in the hollow of
the bills and just above the marsh lauds at
San Clemente will be thronged to-morrow
with Marin County's wealthy admirer 3 of
thoroughbred horses. There the race meet
of tbe San Rafael Hunt Club will be held.
Forty-one entries are scheduled. The en
tries are eligible only to ponies under 14
hands 2 iuches in heignt.
Tue idea of tbe race meet has grown
from the paper chases inaugurated at Ho
tel Rafael, which were 3tarted to en
courage the noble sport on the coast. Ru
dolph Spreckels, J. F. J. Archibald and J.
J. Crooks, president, vice-president and
secretary respectively of the hunt club are
fathers of the idea here. There was no
straight-away course available; conse
quently the Valentine track, famed for its
excellence, was chosen this year. Next
year a mile track will probably be built
near tbe hotel for tne meets, which will
be annual affairs to which more than one
day will be given.
The Burhngame C'.nb did not compete
this year, although invitations were sent.
The entries. _r evrz, are well filled.
Walter Ho ar ponies listed. J.
F. Carolan ka* tntaraa his thoroughbred
pony mare Juicy Pcaeb and has great
hopes of winning the quarter-mile dash.
F. F. FolUs places all confidence in his
brown pony Hostetters, while Rudolph
Spreckels has pinned his faith to Moli
hini. Mr. Hobart, a£ usual, banks on
Gold Coin, Brandy and G.nger Ale. The
trotting pony Bay Rum cf J. J. Crooks ia
looked upon aa a da rk hcrse.
The young ladies m taking an active
part.
Tue prizes will be costly and elegant.
That offered by Rudolph Spreckelfl con
sists of |150 in plate, tbe Hotel Rafael cup
% '5O and the George A. Newhail cup $50.
The races begin at 1:30 o'clock in the
afternoon. The entries and their owners
follow:
One-fourth mile, purse f 150 — Hostetters, F.
F, FollU; Black Beauty, Frant S. Johnson;
Juicy Peach, J. F. Carolan; Bay Rum, J. J.
i Crooks; Hugh Dimond, W. H. Bradley; Lady
Green Sleeves, \\'. &. Hobart; Molihitn, R.
! Spreckels; Nettle, R. Spreckels; Cock Robin,
; Pnrcell Jones.
Hali-miie, free for aii, catch weights,
purse f 125— Irma. W. H. Brown; Burt, F. S.
Francie; Sir slaughter, H. S. Anderson; Globe,
J. R. Svray::e; Albatross, Miss Buckley: John
nie Payne, William O'Connor.
r-a.-m: •_-, qualified saddle-horses, parse
$100— M<-rri« I>. Mrs. F. S. Johnson; Cricket,
M.sj Thomas; Antrim, C.F. Ackler; Ammonia,
R. P. Greer; Ginger, C. L. Griffin; Redwood,
Charles A. Neave.
One mile, Rudolph Spreckels cap, y>urse of
$100 added— Hosteiters. F. F. Follls; Sugar
Cane, J. t. 3. Archibald; Ginger Ale, W. S.
Hob-irt; Brandy, W. S. Hoburt; Juicy Peach,
Fr»nK J. Ctroian ; Bay Rum, J. J. Crooks; Net
lie, R. Spreckels; MoIUHdL R. Spreotels.
One-mile flit, purse $5O — i?t. Brandon, M.
Murray; Bihy Robinfon. \V. lmbinson; Biiiv.
C. F. Ackley; Antrim, C. F. Actiey.
Half-mile, Hotel Rai&el Cup, purse of $100
added— Ginger Aie. W. S. Hooart; Gold Coin,
W.S. HobKrt; Brand y, W. 5. Hobart: Molihiul,
R. sproekels; Bay Rum. J. J. Crooks; Huga
Dimond, W. H. Bradley; Sugar Cane, J. F. J.
Archibald; Juicy Peacfa, J. F. Carolan.
34
MODESTO VOTERS
LISTEN TO LOGIC
Elliott and Hocking Talk
. on the Issues of the
Campaign.
ERRORS OF DEMOCRACY.
The Party's Anti-Silver Recoid
Since Its . Organization
Exposed.
ALWAYS A TOE TO THE METAL.
Free Coinage Now Advocated to Re
cover Its Prestige With the
Ballot-Holfiers.
MODESTO, Cal., Aug. 11.— The public
meeting to-night under the auspices of
the Stanislaus McKinley Club was largely
attended. After preliminary music and
singing by the glee clubs, the meeting was
addressed by C. T. Elliott, from the stand
point of a farmer, followed by Hon. T. C.
Hocking. Mr. Elliott reviewed and com
pared the records of the Democratic and
Republican parties, proving Republican
administration the best friend of the peo
ple. In strong terms he denounced the
Democrats for bringing forth the issue of
free coinage of silver, pronouncing it only
a ruse of politics. He said the people did
not want free coinage, and if they did the
Democratic party would not give it to
them. Their cry of reduction of the tariff
was worn out and non-productive, so a new
movement had to be made to have any
force at all.
"If Democrats wanted free coinage why
did they in 1892 prohibit the use of the
word 'free' before the word 'coinage' in
the Chicago platlorm? Why did they not
in 1894, when in complete control, take
steps toward silver free coinage? Their
actions were inconsistent; they never had
been the friends of silver," the speaker
declared. "The records show that in 180G
President Jvfferson stopped the coinage of
silver and it was not resumed for thirty
years. In 1853 the same party again en
acted against silver, making it not a legal
tender for more than $5. In 1857 another
Democratic act deprived the people of the
use of silver to the extent of 100,000,000 sil
ver dollars more. Therefore tne cry lor free
coinage now is only a ruse to catcu tbe un
thinking classes.
Following this Mr. Elliott discussed the
question of reciprocity and the tariff,
claiming the tar.l'f tinkering by tne Demo
crats brought about a loss to the farmers
of $1,222,374, C00 in the last four years, and
a loss to the laboring classes of $1,030,
-270,000 In the last four years.
Applause greeted every point that Mr.
Elliott made. Mr. Hocking took up ihe
Democratic argument that free silver
would increase the prices of commodities
from 50 to 100 p?r cent. He showed that
unless the wage of labor was raised in pro
portion labor would he the loser, and he
demonstratedclearly that labor could not
expect such a proportionate increase.
He applied this argument in particular
to the gold- miners, whose wage had been
a standard for thirty years, and who
could not, by any reason or means, expect
a nickel advance, showing that the effect
of an increase of 50 per cent or of any per
cent in the price of commodities would
simply cut the purchasing price of their
wage a iike per cent.
The speaker attributed the present de
pression to the threat of free trade and
the subsequent unwise tinkering with the
tariff, showing that on an average an an
nual balance of trade of $100,000,000 in
favor of the United States nad been lost
and the balance turned against this
country.
LOS ANGELES NOMINATIONS.
Republicans Complete the Legislative and
Supervisorial Ticket.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 11. — The
Republican County Convention concluded
its labors to-day by making the following
Legislative and Supervisorial nomina
tions:
Thirty-seventh Senatorial District — R. N.
Bull* of Los Angeles.
Seventieth Assembly District— W. S. Molick
of Lancaster.
S'ventv.flrst Assembly District— J. Vosbu re
of Sierra Madre. b
Seventy-second Assembly District of Los An
gelea.
Seventy-third Assembly District— C. C. Mc-
Cullough oi Los Angeles.
Seventy-fourth Asuembly District— L. H.
Valentine of Los Angeles.
Seventy-fifth Assembly District— John Cross
of Los Angeies.
.Second Supervisorial Dintrict— R. E. Wirs
ching; Fourth District, A, E. Davis; Fifth Dis
trict, E. E. Johnson.
The city portion of the convention nom
inated for City Justices M. T. Owens and
D. C. Morrison, incumbents.
A rousing ratification meeting was held
thisevenine at the headquarters of the
Young Men's Republican" League. Sev
eral of the newly made candidates were
present and addressed the hosts of en
thusiastic Republicans.
As usual, all references to tbe Presi
dential nominee were greeted with great
applause. Tbe remarks of C. C. Mc-
Cullough, nominee for Assemblyman of
tne Seventy third District, attracted more
than passing notice. The gentleman said
in quiet but emphatic tones that the man
who received his vote for the United
States Senate should, first of all, declare
himself in favor of a restricted foreign im
migration.; secondly, he must be in favor
of a protective tariff, aHtt finally, he must
occupy no doubtful position in relation to
sound money. These sentiments were
cheered to the echo.
SAN JOSE BRIANITES.
Senator White Pleads for the Cause of
free Coinage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 11.— The meet
ing that was addressed here this evening
by Senator Stephen M. White was largely
attended. It was called to order by T. A.
Carroll, who introduced as the presiding
officer Major W. B. Coulter. Senator
White's address occupied nearly two
hours and was well received.
The speaker in opening said there was
only one issue in this campaign, and that
was the financial one. The Republican
party, he said, was attempting to make
the tariff the issue, but notwithstanding
this face the people at their homes, in
their places of business and wherever they
congregate were talking about nothing
but the money question.
It was predicted that the Republican
leaders could "talk till they were all black
in the face" and they could not make the
people beiieve that the tariff was an issue
in the campaign.
The speaker asserted that under ihe
operation ot the Wilson bill over $85,000,
-000 more had come into the United States
treasury in revenue in a year than under
the McKinley bill. He urged that this
Nation was strong enough in its popula
tion and resources to sustain a financial
policy of Us own ana that there was no
v«ed of waiting lor any other country
before taking the stand in favor of the free
coinage of silver. He closed with a eulogy
of Jsryan that was much applauded.
Santa Clara County l'rin%arlr%.
SAN JOSE, Cau, Sept. 11.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee has is
sued a call for open primaries throughout
the county on Thursday, September 17,
from 1 to 3 p. m., to elect deieg-atea to the
couniv Convention. Tl»«» convention will
be held the following Saturday at Turn
Verein Hall in this city. Nominations
for Supervisors, Superior Judges and the
Legislature will be maae.
Stockton A. I\ A.. Convention.
SrOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 11.— The mem
bers of the American Protective Associa
tion will hold a convention in New Pio
neer Hall to-morrow night to nominate a
county ticket.
SAN JOSE LEGAL FIGHT.
Slow Progress Watte in the Parker Will
Contest C<tse.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 11.— The Parker
will contest is dragging along slowly.
Mrs. Emma Dougherty of San Francisco
was on the stand to-day. Most of the
court's time was taken up with argument
by Mr, Delmas and Mr. Ooogan aa to
allowing Drs. Dougherty to testify regard
ing George ri. Parker's mental condition
in 1392. Mr. Delmas maintained that sub
stantial proof must be given to show
Parker's unsoundness of mind before the
testimony would be admissible and the
court so odd. Judge Reynolds said that
whatever Parker had told the witness
about his relations with his son could be
admitted.
San Jost -.Sura toy a J.ine.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 11.— The Board
of Supervisors has granted to L. M. Hale
an extension of six months in which to
begin work on the electric railway between
this city and Saratoga. Under the fran
chise work was to commence before Sep
tember 13, but owing to the unsettled con
dition of the money market, growing out
of the election, it has been impossible to
secure the Eastern capital necessary for its
construction ;
DUNHAM OR HIS DOUBLE
Capture of a McGlincy Murder
Suspect by an Ouray
(Colo) Man.
The Prisoner a Prospector Who
Resembles the Fugitive's
Photograph.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 11.— Under
Sheriff Benson received a dispatch from
W. C. Stetler of Ouray, Colo., to-night,
stating that a mining prospector giving
his name as W. D. Henry had been ar
rested on suspicion of being the murderer
of Colonel McGlincy and family at
Campbell. Stetler had been trailing the
suspect for over a month, and stated he
■was confident that he had captured the
right man.
Upon receiving the dispatch, Under
Sheriff Benson telegraphed to Stetler for
a complete description of the man ar
rested. In answer to this, Stetler re
sponded that he woula send a photograph
of the man to-morrow. He stated that
the Sheriff and Marshal at Ouray had re
fused to assist him.
The latter part of this dispatch made
the authorities here very dubious in re
gard to the correctness of the statement of
Stetler that he had captured the real Dun
ham. The Sheriff has received no word
from any of the authorities in Ouray in
regard to the man, and this adds to their
lacs of credence in the report that Dun
harn has been apprehended.
The Sheriff's office has been in com
munication with Stetler since August 1,
when a letter was received from him ask
ing for a description and photograph of
the murderer. This was sent, and he re
plied that he was satisfied he had Dunham
located, and that he was prospecting in
the mountains about five miles from
Ouray.
He said that the Sheriff and Marshal
agreed with him that the suspect was none
other than Dunham, but advised that ar
rest be deferred until the subpect came
into the cityi
Under Sheriff Benson in answer stated
that if the man was Dunham he should be
arrested without delay, but advised Stetler
to leave the matter to the discretion of the
authorities.
CHILDREN 8./0 M THE FAIR.
Admitted Free They l ntliu-io and Go
l-"orth to Encourage Other Patrons.
Over 5000 persons attended the Home
Products Fair at the Pavilion during yes
terday afternoon and evening, and fully
half that number were scnool children ad
mitted free' in accordance with the pro
moters' wish to teach the lesson of the pos
sibilities of the Btate and the practicabil
ity of relying upon home industries for
supplies.
It is the intention to admit every school
child in San Francisco free of charge, and
day by day schools iv turn will be favored
with tickets.
Yesterday afternoon the Boys' High
School turned out in full force and made
the place resound with the higb school
yel!. In the evening Director Hinrichs
gave way for a time to Director A. L.
Maun, principal of the Denmau Grammar
School, who led the singing of all the
Denman School pupils and the two upper
classes of Pacific Heights, Lincoln and
Clement Grammar schools. They sang
"The Star-spangled Banner," "John
Brcwn's Body" and "Arusrica."
During the afternoon the Board of Di
rectors held a meeting and decided to pro
ceed witn the voting for the best-prepared
and handsomest exhibits, under the super
vision of the exhibitors. Director Doolan
created quite a commotion by moving to
keep the fair open on Sundays, as many
people had expressed a desire to have the
band perform symphony concerts on Sun
day evenings. After a iocg discussion the
motion was defeated by a vote of 7 10 3.
This afternoon there will be prize danc
ing by children. The boys will dance on
the main floor west of the music stand
and the juris on the main floor east of the
music-stand, for prizes.
Monday night the Olympic Club will
baTe all its star members perform at the
fair. There will be boxing, tumbling,
wrestling and other gymastics. Last night
the exhibitors met and selected a commit
tee, consisting of C. I. Laumeister (chair
man), L. Fisbbeck. S. J. Hendy, W. A.
Hewitt and E. \V. Massey, to take change
of the matter.
P. J. Healy, a director of tbe Mechanics'
Institute, and J. M. Reynolds, a member
of the Municipal Reform League, desire
an opportunity publicly to show the at
tendants at the fair what faults there are
in the proposed new charter. Accordingly
they have issued a challenge to debate the
subject on Charter night, September 15
with James 1). Pheian and J. Richard
Freud, two prominentframers of the great
municipal document.
Baseball Tn-Morrow.
Following is the line-up for the Califor
nia League Dall came at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets to-morrow:
.San .Franciscos. i Position. >' Imperials.
Monalmn ........ .....Second base ..C?eam»r
Krug ."..Shortstop...- - • TUlson
Levy.......... Left «ela .*:...;.:"•
Sweeney.. VT... Third base smith
Leonard...... ....Right field .Crowley
.Murphy First ba5e.:..; 7.. ..?;„. Wild's
Zdnn. •..:.-......-.... ..Center field... .' > »lon
fc0tt....... .- Catcher ......; . ' \v ard
Cooney... .;.:„.. Pitcher """Kelly
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
THE BUCKLEY AND
RAINEY CIRCUSES.
Three Names Added to the
Buckley Municipal
Ticket.
STILL LOWER TAX RATE
They Will Play a Seventy-Three
Cent Local Rate B afore
Election.
MEN FOR RAINEY CONVENTION
The Junta Campiign Committee Selects
About Two Hundred Delegates
acd Substitutes.
Last night's session of the Buckley con
vention at B'nai B'rith Hall was a late
and a brief one, with the usual crowd and
with tbe usual glide of the programme.
The convention nominated by acclama
tion T. Carl Spelling for Attorney and
Counselor, D. A. McDonald for Superin
tendent of Streets and Armand de Cour
tieux for Sheriff.
The platform as adopted at the second
session pledged the ticket to a 90-cent tax
limit, but since then the 20 per cent raise
of the San Francisco assessment roll by
the State Board of Equalization has oc
curred and it was decided to make another
play by dropping the rate to 73 cents to
meet the raise, so that no more money
would be raised than by the 90-cent rate
and tbe original assessment.
The convention opened with apparent
disagreement in the committee on judi
ciary. Chairman Harrison of the com
mittee read a majority report, stating that
the committee had met during the day,
and After deliberation had adjourned until
the 16th inst. The convention was asked
to defer action on judicial nominations
until a session to be held after that date.
This idea did not strike the convention
at all favorably. Its disposition was to go
right ahead and get through, and that was
the programme.
W. F. Humphrey of the committee
spoke vigorously against the report and
offered an amendment requiring the com
mittee to report nominations to the con
vention to-night.
Failing to do so the convention should
proceed with the nominations.
Mr. Humphrey mentioned the rival or
ganization and stated that the legal com
mittee of the General Committee, having
charge of the legal content a-i to which
faction shall use ihe party heading on the
ballot, wanted to proceed with the case
next week and it was important to do so.
Then he said that if action were post
poned it would be said that they were
waiting for the Junta to act.
Humphrey was much applauded, and
Joseph Rothschild explained that the
ticket should be ready to present to the
Registrar on the 13th inst. to secure a basis
lor legal action.
Ben Napthaly haa bard work standing
gibes while he talked for haste and the
amendment was overwhelmingly adopted.
Four candidates for Superior Judee, four
candidates for Police Judge and five can
didates for Justice of the Peace wiii be
named by the committee to-day.
Judges Hunt and Hebbar.i are reported
to De seeking nominations along with
Robert Ferral and some others.
The nominees for the Legislature were
formally certified to the convention by
D. M. Gavigau, and then A. M. Arm
strong nominated T. Jarl bpelling for
Attorney an i Counselor. He was named
by acclamation.
E. M. Morgan nominated D. a. Mc-
Donald for Superintendent of Streets. Mr.
McDonald was "not ashamed to be seen
with you even in working upon the
streets."
Ben Napthaly again stemmed the tide
of "j ishers," and made quite a good
speech, in which he nominated Thomas
Ford for tbe office, and when Ford was
named the cheering was loud and pro
longed.
It was announced that Ford was not a
candidate, and his name was withdrawn,
and McDonald received the unanimous
vote.
Joseph Rothschild nominated for Sheriff
Armand de Courtieux, tbe wholesale
butcher, who, he said, was not well known
among the politicians. The nomination
was quickly declared unanimous-
James H. O'Brien offered the following
resolution amending the platform :
Whereas, Since the adoption of our plat
form fixing a ninety (90) cent rate on the
fjs 100 ot the total asse-sed property as a fixed
rate of taxation for City and County purposes,
and pledging our nominees not to exceed that
rate, the State Board of Equalization by
shuv.t-le.is and discriminating hctlon, has un
justly mised the assessed value of the prop
erty of San Frandlsco County a! one twenty
(20) per nent. increasing same to over !$42'2,-
OW.ooo for State purposes, and thus imposed
nn addition*! burden on our taxpayers of over
$300,000 in coin, which can only be met by
economy and reform at home; now, therefore,
be it
Ketoled, That our committee on platform
ana resolutions be nna hereby is instructed to
prepare and report back to tnis convention for
action at its next meeting an amended or sub
stitute '• financial" plankthat wih pledge our
nominees lor Supcrvi^oro not to exceed 85
cents on the $100 of tbe total assessed value of
i?;i;-j7, 53(5, 120, returned by the Assessor, and
pledge all nominees to a iuithfu! t> rformance
of Ruch pledges, and tbna cut $1 <8,793 under
the existing pledge in ourplatform of 90 cents,
and save our taxpayers that much oi tne
$300,000 imposed by the "stand-and-deiiver"
policy of the stale Board of Equalization.
Fleet F. Slrolher, the candidate for Au
ditoi, came to the platform and argued for
a still lower rate, being fortified with fig
ures he had prepared.
He showed that the total of the assess
ment roll beiore the increase was $357,
-586.126. Subtractine solvent credits and
money left $322,407,392 on which to make
an assessment under the pledge.
The infamous State Board of Equaliza
tion had increased the assessment roll by
20 per cent oi $322,407,392. or $64,481,478,
making the total roll $422,067,604, exclu
sive of railroad assp^ments. A 90-cent
assessment on $357,.^86, 126 would yield $.' J>,
-118,275 16, the amount for which the con
vention pledged its nominees to run the
City govern ment.
An assessment of $7,388 on each $100 of
valuation would produce $3,118,235 46 or
within $40 of amount to be raised under the
original pledge. The difference in the
amounts raised by a 90-cent tax in the
valnations before and alter the raise was
$1,911,876. He thus argued that the rate
should be 73.88 cents instead of 85 cents.
Tne resolution was so amended and re
lerred to the committee on resolutions.
Chairman Nealon called for suggestions
of names^as candidates for Supervisor, to
be acted upon later, and tbe following
were submitted, there being, however,
many in reserve:
First Ward— Henry Eckert, Fred Callundan,
S. Sanguinetti.
Second Ward— W. H. Thornley, Emil Eehr
lein.
Third Ward— Stanley T. Allyn.
Fourth Ward— C. W. Pope, — Bruce.
Fifth Ward— A. A. Andrews.
Seventh Ward— James Ryan, John Sweeney.
Eighth Ward— W. D. Farrell, Frauk Malloye,
Charles Mrer.
Ninth Ward— John D. Tobin, John Twigg, D.
J Mahoney.
Tenth Ward-William Fahey, Maurico Ker
win, P. H. CahilL
F.levonrh Ward— James W. Crowe. William
MnLuughlin, P. J. silk. Daniel Keele, Wiiliaui
Bine, Herman Joost, Dr. Toad, A. J. Wilkin
son, James McKnerny.
Twelnh Ward— Charles Cram, P. J. Parker,
P. J. Corbetr, T. W. Rivers, William Uans, J.
b. Mclntyre, P. J. Smith.
The convention will convene to-night
and will probably complete the ticket and
order a grand ratification meeting, at
which all the candidates will be expected
to appear.
SAM RAINEY'S CONVENTION
The Campaign Committee Names
Two Hundred Dele
gates.
The Junta compaign committee at its
meeting last night named the 150 dele
gates at large who are added to the 450
members of the general committee to com
pose Rainey's Municipal Convention.
As the constitution awkwardly prohibits
any one holding a patronage job or a pub
lic office being a member of a nominating
convention about seventy-five members of
the general committee are barred from
seats in the convention. These members
are supposed to name their substitutes
themselves, but, of course, boss influences
control this operation. A majority of
these substitutions were announced last
night.
The appointments by delegates at Jarce,
seven from each district, by the members
of the campaign committee, were as fol
lows:
Twenty-eighth District— T. Riley, William
Tobin, Joseph Ryan, John Flood, John Jen
nings, William Breslin, William Adam?.
Twenty-ninth— M. Lucy, R. Blemnrhassett,
William Cullen, Otto Guy, Samuel Buxton,
John O'Connor, John Lovehe.
Thirtieth— P. M. De.aney, W. H. Sullivan,
Edward McDevitt, J..hn Moore, James Me-
Cann, W. A. Van <ioelhem, Louis Cuiveloux.
Thirty-first— John W. Homer, K. J. Galvin,
Oustav Assmussen, J. B. Kearney, Philip A.
Knach, Samuel A. O'Hara, James Fitzgerald.
Thirty-second— W. J. ciilberi, John Donovan,
John Hackett. Martin Kane, SSiinou Glucke
mnn, Thomas Cahahan.
Thirty-third— A. Hallinan. Thomas Healey,
John J. O'Brien, D. Greauey, John Corbett.
Thirty-fourth— Charles Bwlke. William Her
bert, Audrew Olsen, John F. Gallagher, E. J.
Bailey, Frank Dwyer, James H. Stevens.
Thirty-fifth— Thomas F. Walah, Thomas
O'Nell. A. McKearney, Engene Jones, W.
O'Reilly, Lewis F. Nye, Thomas Kirby.
Thirty-sixth— F. P. Courtney. James Hure,
Richard Welch, M. Slattery, William McCar
thy, George Francis, John Augustine.
Thirty-seventii— Arthur McGlnty, J. F. Tra
cey, J. H. Barry, Richard O'Connor, VT. E. Fo
ley, Joseph M. Xougues.
Thirty-ninth— William Hummelman, Wil
liam Carter, Robert Thompson, William Crai
mer, Thomaß Dlxon, Joe Main, Thomas Bren
nan.
Fortieth— Arthur W. Dollard, E. L. Manning,
J. L. Franklin. T. E. Golden, Andrew Pureeli,
J. W. Melrose, Thomas McFtidden.
Forty-first— John Hesslon. W. J. Quinn. H.
C. Davis, Joseph Derham, John P. Glynn, Wil
liam Buckiey, Peter J. Lnflm.
Forty-second— Nicholas Fitzgerald, G. F. Cul
len, John J. Kennedy, Harry E. Wise, M. V.
Duddy, James Burson, Herbert Choynski.
Forty-third — James A. Runcie, William
Grant, William Hendrick«on. Crittenden
Thornton, \V#E. Stillson, A. Yarn berg, Thomas
SuUivan.
Forty-fourth— J. Cole, Nathan Phillips, J.
Reve, George Haskins, William Peterson,
Thomas Hayes, Cosmas de Andreas.
Forty-fifth— Jeremiah Cottey, D. M. Key, R.
V. Whiting, James McGinty, X. P. Kyan,
FranKlin K. Lane, E. Edwards.
The ten members of the campaign com
mittee to whom the ten extra delegates at
large were apportioned by lottery named
the following:
Twenty-eighth District, P. Pheian; Twenty
nintn, J. J. Harrigan; Thirty-tourth, James
Brady; Thirty-filth, Thomas Kirby; Thirty
eignth, Thomas F. Barry; Thirty-ninth. E. H.
Williams; Fortieth, W. J. Glearson; Forty-first,
M. Downs; by Chairman Suilivmi, E. J. Drady:
by Secretary McGovern, J S. Wardei:.
There was such a large array of job
hoiders on the general committee that the
process of accepting the substitutes was a
long and hard one, and when the commit
tee adjourned about a dozen substitutions
remained to be made. Those approved
last night were as follows:
Twenty-eighth— J. H. Dolan vice J.Sutton.W.
P. Houan vice Thomaß P. Cusick, P. J. Murphy
vice F. Murphy, J. Morpan vice W. Matthews,
T. Halliimn vice J. Welsh, W Steven* vice H.
Healey, M. Gorman vice C. Whitelaw, Dan Con
nolly vice J. Gorman, P. Hayeß vice 8. Hayes,
Patrick T. Moynihan vice Frank Sweeney, Alex
Eslelita vise J. Murphy.
Twenty-ninth— C. J. Strouse, vice J. J. Mc-
Carthv; R. C. Paterson. vice H. F. Sheehan;
Edward Coak ey. vice J. F. Coakley; John No
lan, vice W. T. Boyce; T. F. Brown, vice John
Brown; Thomas Faulkner, vtce E. J. Faulkner;
Joseph O'Donnel!, vice James O'Douuell;
James Brannan. vice Samuel Braunhart.
Thirtieth— John McCabe, vice M. J. Sullivan;
Joseph McNamara, vice J. E. Broderlck; P J.
Toma ty, vice Charles Gildea; John T. Ryan,
vie ■ Captain Fitspatrick: L. J. Hurley, vice T.
E. Healey; James Johnson, vice Henry Ing
werson.
Thirty-first— John Kearney Jr. vice John
Kearney, James ointy Jr. vice James Ginty.
Thirty-second— J. J. Flyun vice E. Lawton,
A. J. Reavey vice W. H. Harrison, H. J. Wynne
vieeT. Donovan, Ed O'Connor vice W. Toner,
J. O'Leary vice Ed Riley, P. McDonald vice
James Reavey.
Thirty-third— M. J. Griffin, vice Isaac Nor
ton; George Dempsey, vice M. Hurley: Jere
Regan, vice John Reuan: Philip Ptrubie, vice
Thomas Sweeney; p. Holland, vice Joseph
Strand; W. Higkins, vice W. Ulggius; Joun
Harrington, vice L. Roesch.
Thirty-fourth— W.K Alenon vice J. F. Kirbr,
Daniel Creed vice Cnarles Wittb.ck, J. E.
O'Brien vice J. K. Bell (resigned).
Thirty-fifth— Harry Van Bergen vice Harry
Brown, John J. Wall vice A. P. Rhodes, W. M.
Smith vice Henry Ruthrouf.
Thirty-sixth— John Lawley vice James Nor
ton, James H. MvCormick vice John Collins,
James H. Cahili vice Charles Gagens, T. F.
Barry vice M. F. O'Connor, William ( rowley
vice John Tuite, K. A. Leary vice Daniel Leary,
E. J. Forster vice Peter Quinn.
Thirty-seventh— T. A. King vice J. G. Fitz
gerald, George Brolcher vice Thomas Wilson,
8. Zeruansky vice J. H. Zemausky, E. P. E.
Troy vice M. H. Mead, A. J. Stanitenberger.
Thirty-eighth— Frank McGinney vice John
\v. McDonald, Joseph A. Lynch vice W. J.
Brobeck, Thomas F. O'Brien vice Richard
O'Brien. Joseph Regan vice Eugene McFad
den, J. B. Shcrrard vice Bert Scnlc-singer.
Fortieth— H. 8. Canans vice Dr. Morse, Emil
Perry vice Daniel Curran, Moses 1. Frank vice
Edmund Godchitux, Patrick Lyons vice James
hartnett.
Forty-first— C. W. Hayden vice Joseph F.
Cole, James Mahoney vice John Maboney, J.
A. Fitzpatrick vice Edward M. Dwyer, James
N. Block vice B. J. Hyland. Edward Lankan
vice Walter W. cchmitz, J. E. Cotile vice Frank
N. Kreuz.
Forty-scrond— John J. McGowan, vice Joseph
P. Hayeß; HHrry Leary, vice George Radfor.i;
P. W. Flynn, vice A. A. Fiynn; George P.
O'Brien, vice J. W. Roach; Thomas A.
Flaherty, vice Joseph F. Flaherty; J. B.
Keenan, vice W. J. Crandall; John Eckclman,
vice Frank J. MeElrath; Bernard Angouett,
vice John H. Wise; Alex J. O'Brien, vice 11. T.
Creswell; Frank Stevens, vice George Brown;
Henry Lackmann, vice John J. Connaughton;
R. Lavelle, vice Neil T. BegKs.
Forty-third— Joseph Figer vice D. J. Majrner,
vv iliiam Coburn vice S. Flyshaker, M. T. Bar
radas vice T. W. Chirm.
Forty-fourth— J. J. Degan vice P. A. Buckley,
William Ortelly vice William Jeffers, J. Momii
vice C. Mogan, George Ryan vice Joseph Cas
sidy, M. Thomas vice Dr. Sichel.
>orty-flfth— Wiiliam Wym«n vice James
McKinley, Otto Darr vic^ H. D. Knight, Joseph
o'JNeil vice WU.iam Jordan, Raymond Esti
delli vice Thomas Chandler.
To Select Delegates.
ALAMEDA, Cat... Sept. 11.— The Cen-
tral Democratic Club will meet next
Wednesday evening to seiect nfteen dele
gates to the Democratic county conven
tion, which will convene in Oakland on
the 19th inst.
Paylug the Fare.
Rev. J. A. Cruzan will address a meeting for
young men only at the Christian. Association
Building, Mason and Ellis streeU, to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock on the novel subject
"Paying the Fare." The service is free to all
young men aud promises to be most interest
ing as Mr. Cruzan is an able speaker.
Park Museum to B« Closed.
Charles P. Wilcomb, custodian of Golden
Gate Park Museum, Announces that owinjr to
enlargement and to give !ime for Classifica
tion, the museum will be closed on Monday
next until the end of the present month.
Santa Cru* Silveritn.
SA3STA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 11.— The
Bryan Free Silver Club completed its or
ganization to-ni?ht with the election of
Dr. Drullard as chairman and the adop
tion of a constitution. The membership
has increased to 125.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
IT WILL COME TO
TRIAL AT LAST
Judge Slack Fixes the
Fair Case for Octo
ber 5
TOO SOON FOR LAWYERS.
Virginia Fair and Mrs. Oelrichs
Make Their Appearance
in Court.
THEY AEE ANXIOUS TO DEPOSE.
But Judge Slack Decides Tbat They
Must Wait for the Date of
the Trial.
Virginia Fair and Mrs. Herman Oelrichs
made their entry yesterday upon the stage
in the great play for the millions left by
Senator Fair. They have remained aloof
hitherto, allowing their brother Charles to
represent the family in the shifting scenes
in and out of court. For most of the time
they have figured in society at New Ycrk
and Eastern seaside resorts, and occasion
ally in telegraphic dispatches dated there.
But a few days ago, probably grown weary
of the reports of postponements which
came to them concerning the litigation
over their father's estate, they came upon
the scene, and yesterday when the law
yers gathered for tneir weekly byplay
they were sitting at the council-table as
much interested as though it were a real
play and a pood one.
Mrs. Oelrichs was clad in a gray tailor
made suit with white silk trimming. Miss
Virginia Fair was dressed in blue cloth.
Both wore hats ornamented with large
black feathers. They were, of course, the
center of interest and attraction to the
large aggregation of attorneys as well as
that part of the audience that was or be
came aware of their identity.
When Judge Slack called the case At
torney Beatty, representing Dei mas &
Shortridge, rose and announced the with
drawal of the motion of Marc Levingston
to strike out the answer of Mrs. Oelrichs
and Miss Fair to the contest of their
brother Charles. This disposed of the ar
gument pending from that quarter and
left the field clear for action on the con
test on its merits.
But Mr. Wheeterrose up to ask leave to
amend the answer of Mrs. Oelrichs and
Miss Fair to the contest of their brother.
He wished, he said, to insert the objec
tion to the contest on the additional
grounds that Mr. Fair would take more
under the will than as an heir-at-law
therefore had no standing as a contestant
— the same ground upon which the oppo
sition of Paterson was opposed.
Mr. Wheeler said he not served Mr.
Fair's counsel with written notice of his
intention to mate this motion, but under
stood they offered no objeotion.
George A. Knight rose and said he had
no objection to the paper being filed, but
immediately retracted. '•! think I ehail
object," oe said. "We represent Mr. Fair's
interests here and do not wish them to be
jeopardized. We believe this pencil will
to be a forgery, and will fight it as such."
Upon this Wheeler fcaia he would not
urge the matter in this informal way, but
would make the motion regularly after
serving notice. He then offered his mo
tion to sec the case for trial, and that the
argument upon the status of the minor
heirs and of Charles Fair to contest De
fixed for an earlier day.
Garret McEnerney stated to the court '■
that Van 11. Paterson had been called
away and that r.o action should be taken
on an ex-parte argument.
Judge black said the case could be set
for trial and the status of the contestants
determined at that time.
Wheeler protested that the parties in
the case should be known before a jury
was summoned.
McEnerney differed, and after some
further argument the court put the case
down for trial October 5.
Attorney Beatty Btated that Mr. Delmas
had said he would be ready after October
15, but would be encaged in the Parker
will case at San Jose up to that time.
McEnerney said that Paterson would
b" engaged iv a case at Los Angeles for a
month and would not be ready. Still, the
court said, the date was fixed as the sth—
he wanted the case to come to trial.
Mr. Lloyd then asked the court to pro
vide for the taking of the depositions of
Mrs. Oelrichs and Mi*s Fair, who, he said,
had oome v out from New York and would
probably not be here at the time of the
trial. But Judge Slack said tbat all
matters would go over until October 5.
' The deposition oi Mrs. Craven, which
was set for to-day r" inquired I^night.
"Yes, with the others, October 5," said
the court.
WHEELMEN IN POLITICS.
The Municipal League Names
Several Important Can
didates.
They Want Friendly Supervisors and
a Sympathetic Superintendent
of Streets.
There was a meeting of the Wheelmen's
Municipal League at 441 Golden Gate ave
nue last night. It was reported by the
legislative committee tbat Messrs. tac-
Guire, "Welch and Adams had been ap
pointed a sub-committee of the League of
Wheelmen to confer with Colonel C. F.
Crocker and other railway authorities to
see what arrangements could be made an
to shipping wheels ait baggage.
Messrs. Dunne and Adams were ap
pointed a committee to draft a bill on the
subject.
J. S. Conwell and R. M. Welch were
nominated for Supervisors, and it was ex
plained that they would not be expected
to run unless they could obtain the nomi
nation in addition of some of the regular
political parties. In a like manner George
P. Wetmore was nominated for Superin
tendent of Streets. H. F. Wynne declined
to run against Wetniore, but made a
speecn In his favor.
Messrs. Plummer, Buckley and Lennie
were appointed a committee to recom
mend the foregoing candidates to the con
sideration of the regular political parties.
It was then decided that the association
make no further recommendations until
all the candidates of the political parties
are nominated.
E. L. Morris of the Union Iron Works
made a speecn in favor of good roads, and
said the Union Iron Works Wheelmen
would probably suoport any candidate
nominated by the wheelmen."
At the conclusion of the meeting Jus
tice Kerrigan's friends of the league ex
pressed their good will by agreeing to
support him for any office he might seek.
KILLED AT SHELL MOUND.
The Berkeley local Train Kan Down a
Stranger.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept., 11.— This even
ing the 10:10 Berkeley local ran down a
man near Shell Mound station, and killed
him instantly. On his person was found
a letter to his brother saying he was sick
and needed money. The letter was signed
A. W. Davis, and this is the only clew to
his identity. He was walking along the
track when the train struct him. The
man was fairly well dressed, but had no
money in his pockets;.
SONOMA CON GLEGATIONALISTS.
Ministers and Laiitnen Meet in Conven-
lion at Guerneville.
GUERNEVILLE, Cal., Sept. 11.-The
eighth annual convocation of the Sonoma
Association of Congregational Churches
and Ministers met with tne Congrega
tional church of Guerneville on Tuesday
and Wednesday. Rev. C. C. Cra
gin of Seoastopol was elected modera
tor and Rev. William Rogers of Green Val
ley secretary.
Ministers and lay delegates represented
the following churches: Cloverdale, Santa
Rosa, Kenwood, Glen Ellen, Sonoma, Se
baatopol, Green Valley, Guerneville and
Peialuma. Besides the clegvmen of these
churches there were present: Dr. W. C.
Pond, Rev. Walter Frear and Rev. J. Kim
bal of San Francisco; Rev. L. L. Wirt of
Oakland; Rev. J. K. Harrison and Rev.
H. H. Wykoff of Berkeley, and Rev. J. C.
Perkins of Hindostan.
For two days the town was crowded
with visiting Cougregationalists from all
over the country. The Guerneville church
was beautifully decorated with ferns,
banana leaves and bamboo. The special
music was a feature of the programme.
The convention closed with an interesting
lecture on '-Hindostan and Its Crying
Needs," by the Rev. Mr. Perkins.
NEW TO-SAT.
WHERE ARE YOU AT?
READ
THESTAR
AND FIND OUT
EDITOR JAMES H. BARRY
ON— —
Free Silver and Free Men.
Other Writers on the Finan-
cial Questions.
Alleged Catholics Who Are
Worse Than A. P. A.
The Religious Test.
Candidates Must Come Out In
the Open and Must Declare
Themselves For or
"V- Against.
Geary Branded as a Railroad
Tool.
5 Cents Per Copy.
$1.50 per Year.
ADDKEBS
L.W. LOYEY, Manager, 429 Montgomery St.
LAME BACK,
Weak Kidneys, Lum-i
bagro, Rheumatism!
and Sciatica are
Cured by
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
A Strong Current of Electricity Is I>l
by the Wearer Every Moment This
Belt Is on the Body. It Can Be Regu-
lated by a New Patent Regulator, go
as to Make It as Strong or Mild as
You Want It.
mHE DULL. ACHING. TIRED FEEL-
-*- ing that comes after standing long oa
tDe feet, the sharp pains whicu shoot
along the spine, and the weakness in the
loins are evidences of relaxed, weak
muscles, which can be contracted and
vigorous strength given them by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
/lit conveys a steady, soothing current o!
electricity into the weakened muscles, giv-
ing them a healthy nerve power, which
revives them. It makes them strong. It
is curing hundreds every month.
See what this man says:
Let People Know.
SAN FRANCISCO. May 5 189U
DR. A. T. SAXDEN : ' ' iBJU>
Dear Sir— l want you to let people know
what your Bel.. nas done for me When I
bought it Ust December I was troubled with a
oontlnual pain in the bf.ck and sometimes ex-
• tending up to the shoulder blades. I bad been
troubled for years and had tried everything in
the line oi .n-ciors and advertised remedies
without relief. I was also very constipated
ana ha <to take laxatives every day. 1 finally
made up my mind to try one of your Belts and
lam glad I did so. In about three « after
putting the Belt on all the pain had gone and
- I have felt none Mnee. My back is iiow stroSi
and will stand all the •ira 1 can put on ii
without hurting. My bowe s are as regular" as
«e°iLhT r ? ' a hV h< T e K " ined «n pSSuds i"
-for I. shall always sneak WeU Ot yOUT
Belt, for it has done for me wiiut no thing else
could do. I think it in the best thing ever in!
vented for the cure of weikness and disease :
Your, truly  .HENRY STRICKER,
1911 Dupont street, San Francisco.
It Cures Lame Back
In from two to eight weeks. If you sufTe*
IT, iW t, 11 WIU save you many doctors'
bills. Book, with full information, free.
Address or call .^
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
880 Market Street, San Franc Loo,
S5^ u M^SSissrSb ?oT UOttrs: d - -•
<^>U3Uli»cioa Free and Invited.
■' ' ' l ■ OFFJOJ**^ AT* . c.-*".
LOS ANGEJLES CAi., I PORTLAND, Olt,
204 Boatb Broad wajr. | : 253 .Waauia^toa strett.
Is the light that will bring a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
■cc how strong and vigorous your - now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator la th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable. .
,-. HUDYAN stops prematureness of tha
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. '
Prematureness means imDOtency In the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. . It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
•TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to sorl-
, ous private disorders, carries - myriads of sore-
producing (terms. Then come sore throat, pimples.
. copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
falling nalr. You c»n save a trip to Hoi Springs
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or j write foe
30-day circulars. .-jrt*k*«Mlw**i , .
. HUDSON MKDICAt INSTITUTE.
Stockton, Market and. Kills St«.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1805, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank famished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
Amount of capital stock paid up In .'
cash $1,228,200 00
ASSETS.- • .
Real estate owned by company .... 5,797,564 93
Loans on bonds ana mortgages .... - 8,348,067 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company -29,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, slocks and other market-
able securities as collateral. ...*.. 2,818,431
Cash In banks.. .' 3,165, 700 41)
Interest due and accrued on alii
stocks and loans ( KMn7 .
Interest due and accrued on bonds f ««.oj.u <»
and mortgages. j
Premiums In due course of collec- . i'.^-' /> : -J
tion ..;.... 1,640,774
Rents due and accrued 1,745 27
Due , from other companies for re- . • ; • -
Insurance on losses Already paid. ■' 1,106 91.
Annuities, life and reversionary. in- •■ : =■;•*■  •
terests purchased by the com- — ". *'
pany..";..:....................'...... 1,832,896 31
Total assets... .-.......553,047,810 69
.LIABILITIES. " !~~ ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1 .
Losses In process of adjustment I
or in suspense.. }- $728,085 00
Losses resisted, including ex- 1 - ■-■•■-■-
-penses ;. j ,
Gross premiums on fire risks run-.'T:
ning one year or less, $5,84"-,- ' '
022 75; reinsurance 50 percent • 2,921,01133
Gross premiums on lire risks run- ... - - -
nine more than on© year, $4,576,- •
000 71: reinsurance prorata...... -2,353,10133
Amount reclatmable by the Insured
on perpetual tire Insurance pol-
icies .........: 831,21581
Liability under life department.... 29,334,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056 00
All other demands against the ■„
company... 849.733 02
Total liabilities .....;. 836.531.942 63
INCOME. . ... ■ ■
Net cash actually received for fire
tremiums $8,015,492 21
Received-for Interest and dividends
. on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources....... 944,663 46
To. al Income $8,960,155 67
EXPENDITURES.*""
Net amount paid for fire losses $4,391,258 42
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5.......... ■ 1,2b3,829 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
•br0Kerage.......... 1,208,977 52
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges lor officers, clerks, etc.... 616.70712
Paid for State, National and local
taxe5....... , 151,61079
All other payments and expendi-
tures........... .......;...•...- 603,079 90
Total expenditures. $8,254,462 75
FIKK.
Losses Incurred during the year $4,391,258 42
RISKS A>X) PREMIUMS.
. ..-'..■. | Fire Risks. | Premium*,
Net amount of risks . '
; : written during ■ . - ••...• :
the year........ $2,289,415,250 $11,334,640 98
Net amount of risks
expired during
the year......... 2.344,242,285 11,374,256 50
Net amount in
force /December
81. 1895.- ........ | 2,027,608,105 10,418,023 46
J. M. DOVE, Manager.
. T. I. AL.SOP, (Sub-ilanager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14tn day
of ApriL 1896. VV. J. SUHS.
Vice and Deputy United states Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN IKANCISCO, cal. '
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladl S THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
WKSi UNTIL IHDXKiHf.
?*3iiA [C Vnil "^or© Taroat, Pimples, CopnerJJ
SSHHI!- lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores
M'Jicertt to Month, Hair-falling! Write COOSJEH
2SB£M£I> X CO., SO7 aiaaonlo Temple M
HfChlcairo, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl-jfg
ft tul, S&OO«O«H». Worst coses cured la IOSI
8 to 3S days. ■■■ 100-pajre boot fr<e»' -' • f^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHABLES H. PHILLIP* ATTOBXEY-AT.
\J law and Notary Public «J3ii Market it, o?j>
iitePaiaoailoMi. Telephone 4 7«i Motid«ao« l<i4JWHERE THE CITY
WAS OVER-ASSESSED
Thomas Magee's Earnest
Letter to the Merchants'
Association.
DETAILS OF INJUSTICE.
Opinion Advanced That Taxes
Last Year Approached
Confiscation.
AN EXPERT'S TELLING FIGURES
The Veteran Real Estate Man Scores
Property-Owners for Neglect of
Their Interests.
Thomas Magee, the veteran real estate
agent of this City, ha» sent an interesting
letter regarding the recent assessment of
San Francisco property to the Merchants'
Association. This letter reads :
San Framcisco, August 28, 1896.
F. W. Dohrmann, Eiq., Presided Merchants'
Association, San Francisco — Dear sir: Inclosed
is a list of over assessments. 1 have only had
two days' time to give to the matter; but for
that fact I could easily furnish you many
more. Of course you will understand that in
presenting figures to the Stnte Board of Equal
ization it is in order to present only facts and
not opinions, because the correctness of opin
ions may fee disputed, therefore I have only
given you actual sales or the prices asked for
properties Jor sale or the prices which I know
would be accepted for some of the latter.
It would take a month, at least, to do justice
to the subject of showing to what extent real
estate is over-assessed in the City, but that
time not being at command, I make this gen
eral assertion, that if any considerable quan
tity of vacant property were now offered at
auction, as was thai of the gas company (real
estate, too, is much duller now than when
that sale was made) it would not bring over
between 75 per cent of to its full assessed
value.
I also want to call the special attention of
the Merchants' Association, the State Board of
Equalization, the Assessor, the Board of Super
visors, and the general public of this City, to
one important icct, which cannot, 1 think, be
controverted — lhat last year the real estate
ana improvements thereou.of this Citysnd
County, were assessed at $265,000,000; that
the City and Btate tax rates thereon were 2)4
per cent ; That. lhere:ore, real estate alone paid
to City and Btate £5,Ht)2,500.
I estimate, that in area, not over one-third
of our land has any kind of buiidiug or dwell
ing upon it, and tha ; of the total assessment
lust year of $265,000,000 for real estate and
improvements, 1*55.000.000 may be taken to
represent the as:>es.-ed vaiue of vacant lend.
\\e then have left $210,000,000 as represent
ing our improved real estate, irom which is
derived all the rents paid here, or chargeable
as such when owners occupy their own prop
erty. If we allow that all of this improved
property paid 5 per cent gross last year we
would have a total rent product, if alt of the
buildings and duellings had been occu
pied, of #10.500,000; but last year
was one of trie uorsi in tne nistory of the
City for vacancies, and if we deduct for them,
for repairs, for street assessments and insur
a nee, i foel ruliy justified in saying that there
w s very little it ft net irom the rents of the
City and County as a whole, after City and
State taxes were paid. Of course, lowered
rents and many vacancies made last year's
snowing a much poorer one than usual, and
that lact was weil known. y«t it was the year
m letted for the most crushing taxes ever im
posed Jn the history of this City. It is ouiy
when these facts are remembered that the as
sertion that taxes last year approached confis
cation is seen to be but too painfully true.
Thanking you with the deepest sincerity for
the worn you have done personally as presi
dent of lue Merchants' Association, in the in
terest of good government, clean streets and
reasonable taxes, I am very respectfully and
sincerely yours, Thomas Magee.
Mr. Magee's statement is as follows:
West side Second street, from Townsend to
King, 275 feet on Second street by 400 on
King street. Lot ana building assessed at
$138,260. Has been for sale for three months
for $120,000 as a whole, and the best offer
made ivas $40,000 for 275 feet on Second by
165 on King and Townsend streets.
Northwest side Howard, 91:8 southwest of
Steuart, southwest 45:10x137:6. Assessed at
$8480; $10,250 asked, and less would buy it.
West side Valencia, 185 north of Sixteenth,
north 22:6x90. Sold for $3600. Assessed at
$2870. Would not to-day bring more than its
assessed value.
West side Kearny, 112 north of Sutter, thence
north on Kearny 25:6x50:5. Lately sold for
$52,500. Assessed at $46,000.
Lot on north side of North Point street, 68 :9
east of Larkin, east 34:4x137:6; lust sold for
$1000; assessed at $860.
Lot on north siue of Washington street,
137:6 west of Gough. west 65x127:8; building
assessed for $8000; before its alteratiou it
was not worth over $5000.
Lot on northwest corner of Lombard and
Frauklin streets, 50 vara; assessed at $5100;
asking price $6500; best offer made on it us a
whole $0000.
Lot on southwest corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Polfc street, 50-vara lot and build
ings; assessed for $38,500; is for sale; best
offer made $50,000.
The Heydenieldt property on the north side
of California street, west oi Kearny, 89x137:6,
and on the southeast corner of Sacramento
and Leidesdorff streets, east 45x98:6. The
loan on said properties was $40,000. Tbere is
now due on them about $57,000, now bein g
foreclosed. Both are assessed at $43,650.
Southeast line of Market street, 120 south
west of First, thence southwest 40x80. Sold
in May, 1896, lor $61,500. Assessed at $49,
-130. The next property adjoining on the
southwest on Market street, 60x80, bought by
the adjoining owner for $95,000. Assessed at
$73,200.
South side of Lombard street, 137:6 west of
Devisadero, west 137:6x137:6. Assessed at
$3000. Will be sold for $3000, the assessed
price.
Southwest corner of Howard and Caroline
streets, between Ninth and Tenth, 41:3 on
Howard by 160 on Caroline, with two-story
building in flats. Lots and building assessed
at $8340. Just been sold for $8000.
West side of Second street, irom King to
Berry street, 240 on Second by 275 on Berry
and King. Lot and building assessed at
$110,000. This property has been offered for
three months at that price with no sign of a
buyer.
South side Fulton street, 206:6 west of Lar
kin, west 68:8x120, covered with houses front
»nd rear. Lot and buildings assessed at $38.
-560. I have had this property for sale for two
year-, and have been* asking $40,000 for it,
without a sign of a buyer to pay that nrice.
North side Washington street. 12< east of
iirst avenue, east 68:8 front by 256 and 258
deep, through to Jackson street] with 80 feet
on Jackson. I have been offering this lot for
about a year, asking $5000. It is assessed at
$4250. This is its full value to-day.
Southeast line of Howard street, 157
west of Hubbard, southwest 25x160 to Tehama
street in rear. Lot aud building assessed at
$14 900. This is as much as it is worth to-day.
Northerly corner of Townsend and Second
. 137:6 feet square. Lot assessed at
$22,500. Is not worth to-day over $20,000, as
shown above.
.Southeast line of Market street, 91:4 north
east of Fremont, northeast 91 :4x137 :6. Build
ing and lot assessed at $170,000. This is as
much as the property would bring to-day.
North side of Pine street, 137:6 west of Leav
en worth, west 62 by 137:6, with the old Ral
ston, out-of-date dwelling; lot and dwe.ling
assessed at $30,250 ; would not to-day bring
over $20,000.
Half-block, north side of Lombard street,
from Devisadero to Broderlck, 412:6x275;
as.-pssed at $10,000; can now be bought lor
$9500.
Southeast corner of Ellis and Mason streets,
east 87:6x100, with building; assessed at
$95,620. was sold for $130,000.
East side of Montgomery street, 68:6 north
of California, north 24:4x87:6; was sold
about eigut months ago for $35,000 to the ad
joining owner; assessed at $23,850; would not
to-day sell to the general public for over $25,
-000. "
Northwest corner of Broadway and Davis
streets, 59-vara lot; half-interest sold lately at
extctnoi'fl i-ale for $18,054; the property is as
sessed at .$35,670.
Middle 50-vara south side Filbert street, be
tw^en Scott and Devisadero, part cf it (110
feet) lat<'!v sold at $36 a foot. Assessed at $38
a foot. The part sold was sold to the adjoin
ing oh ncr, or it would not have brought ibis
price.
South side Sacramento, 137:6 east of Du
pont, oast 25x137:6. S >ld six weeks ago lor !
£9500. Assessed at $'JO5O.
* North feide Jackson, 82:6 east of Montgom
ery, east 25x60 to alley. Assessed at $4100.
Value $4500.
South side Lombard, 137:6 west of Sansome,
west 137 :6x137 :6. Assessed at $10,050— more
than its full value to-day.
Northwest Hne Jefgie, 137:6 northeßst of
Fourth, northeast 137:6x85. Lot and build
ing assessed at $19,180- Lately sold for
$23,000 to the adjoininp owner. Would not
have brought over $20,000 but for the fact
adjoining owner bought it.
Southwest corner of O'Farrell and Leaven
worth, west 137:6x137:6. Lot and buildings
assessed at $42,850. Best present offer $35,000.
For sale for many months.
Northwest corner of Ellis and Hollis streets,
west 90x125. Lot and buildings assessed at
$19,960. Just sold for $21,000.
Northwest corner of Devisadero and Green
wich streets, north on Devisadero 275x137:6
on lx>mbard and Greenwich. Just valued at
$80O0; assessed at $7750.
South corner o! Howard and Fremont streets,
southeast 91:8-12x157:6, less L in rear
11:8-12x20. Building and lot assessed at
$28,850. Lately sold lor $27,000.
North corner of Howard and Fremont streets,
275 feet nn Howard by 183:6 on Fremont and
Beale. Sold in lots- on the easy terms of one
quarter cash, for $88,250. Assessed for $83,
-520.
North corner of First and Howard streets, 275
on Hownrrl by 165 on First and Fremont. As
sessed at $95,410 and so;d in lots at auction,
one-quarter cash, for $86,850.
I need not here quote ali the sales made by
the gas company at the same time. The
prices were supposed to be excessively low.
The president of one of our savings bants
lately said that this property, if sold now,
would not bring within 25 per cent of tho
prices for which it was sold three and a half
montiis ago.
Northeast corner Filbert and Pierce, east on
Filbert, 80:3x137:6 on Pierce street and 107
ieetonthe northerly line. Sold in six subdi
visions of 22:11-12 on Pierce street by depth of
80:3 to 107. Brought in all $4050; assessed
at $3550. The little shanty on this lot, as
sessed at $300, is not worth $10, and then
only as firewood.
Southeast corner Lombard and Pierce streets,
a SU-vara, assessed at $3750. Sold in subdi
visions for $4300.
Northeast corner Pierce and Lombard, 137:6
x 137:6, fifteen feet below grade. Assessed at
$3100. For sale for $3600 for four months
and no offer yet made on it.
The Pioneer Woolen Mills property was
lately sold at auction for $32,200. The as
i sessment after the sale was reduced, I believe,
but it still stands at $36,900, or $4700 above
the selling price.
The property on the south side of North
Point street, 60 feet west of Hyde, west 190 x
137:6, sold in ADril, 1896, for $4000. It is as
sessed this year at $4140. The outrage and
absurdity was committed of raising it 20 per
cent over last year's assessment.
Southwest corner Broadway and Steiner,
south 27:6x110. Assessed at $3500. That is
the highest offer made for it, ahhough it has
been for sale for months.
South side Green, 137:6 west Fillmore, west
55x137:6. Sold for $3000 a few months ago.
As<,ssed at $2476. The adjoining 82:6 x
137:6 is assessed at $3710, and would not
brini* more than that to-day.
Fifty vara on northeast corner Vallejo and
Steiuer. Assessed at C 8550. Not worth as a
whole over $10,000. No offers made.
Northeast corner Turk and Gough. 137 :6 x
120. Lot and buildings ass-essed at $3!),000.
Would not to-day bring over $41,000 or
$42,000.
in a communication to The Call Mr.
Magee added :
"Many other facts than these -were also
furnished, I believe, by other real-estate
men of the Merchants' Association com
mittee (Messrs. Yon Rhein and Baldwin).
I think these facts are worth careful read
ing.
"But when 95 out of every 100 voters
and taxpayers wholly neglect City inter
ests we can look for and get nothing else
but higher and higher taxes. If property
owners generally neglected their private
interests as they do their tax interests and
the City and State government, which fix
our taxes, every one of them would speed
ily land in bankruptcy. We are not half
punished by a $2 25 tax rate. We richly
deserve a $5 one, ana it will reach that
figure if things are allowed to po on as
they are now going. .Property-owners are
geese to be plucked by the elegant gentle
men of leisure who rule them. They de
serve all the plucking they get and con
tempt they receive, too."
A GREAT SURGEON.
Dr. William IHTacewen of Glasgow
Uuiversfty Here to Deliver
Lectures.
Dr. William Macewen, professor of sur
gery in the University of Glasgow, and
one of the most famous surgeons in the
world, arrived here yesterday, and is at
the Palace. He has come to deliver five
lectures on the surgery of the brain at
Cooper Medical College.
The great surgeon has been importuned
by many institutions over the world to
lecture at different times. He has re
ceived many invitations since arriving in
this country, but has been obliged to de
cline all of them.
He is obliged to hurry back because of
lectures to be delivered at Oxford and
elsewhere in November.
Every medical man is awa re of the great
fame of Dr. Macewen. He is a man nearly
six feet high, with a high forehead, short
iron-gray oeard, a pleasant manner, and
may be said to be a typical Scotchman.
For years he was recognized as one of the
foremost authorities on bone snrpery. Of
late years his skill in treating all kinds of
brain diseases has been conceded to be
second to that of no other man.
The eminent surgeon last night discussed
at some length the great advancement in
brain surgery during the last twenty years.
He said that many great discoveries had
been made through experiments on differ
ent minds and applying the knowledge ob
tained to the diseased human brain.
"The study of the germs which infest
the brain is full of interest," he continued,
"and in this wonderful progress has been
made. We can now open the brain and
keep it free from brain germs.
"In all I will deliver five lectures here on
the surgery of the brain. I will discuss the
physical effects of various pathological
lesions, the chemical aspects of diseases of
the brain, its effects on germs in the brain
and abscesses on the brain.
"It u^ed to be supposed that there were
few abscesses on the brain. They were
supposed to be rare. Now it is known
that there are many."
Dr. Macewen succeeded the great Pro
fessor Lister at Glasgow University, who
had in turn succeeded the eminent Lord
Kelvin, who was one of the founders of
the Atlantic cable. Dr. Macewen, though
a great brain and bone expert, prefers to
be known as a general surgeon.
J. G. Blalne Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Blame Republican Club was Held last
night at K. R. B. Hall, on Mason street,
with Thomas Desmond in the chair.
Mr. Savey spoke at considerable length
upon the Republicanism of the president
of the club, who all through life had re
mained loyal to his party when the ma
jority of his countrymen considered it no
less than a crime to vote any other than
the Democratic ticket.
This compliment to Mr. Desmond
brought prolonged applanse. Vocal and
instrumental music was introduced be
tween the many speeches of the evening,
all of which were timely and well received.
A Veterans' Meeting.
There was a rousing and enthusiastic
gathering of the old veterans at their
headquarters on Turk street. The rooms
were packed and hall and steps lined with
the members. Thomas J. O'Brien, nomi
nee from the Fourth Congressienal Dis
trict, was indorsed and after several
speeches tne president announced thai on
Friday next T. J. O'Brien would address
the club.
This Week's Town Talk.
Excellent in quality and liberal in Quantity
are the contents of this week's Town Talk.
The Baunterer relates the establishment ot two
new editorial positions on a local daily— those
ot the freak editor ana the glad-hand editor.
He also tells the truo story of a girl in a glass
case. The society recorder has something to
say about stage-struck brides and love versus
ambitlnn. Weddings and other social happen
ings of the week are noted. 'Political Chat"
deals with prominent personages in a sarcastic
way. "Editorial Aftermath" is alßo good read
ing. Town Talk is living up to its reputation
as a faithful echo of the talk of the town. •
TELE sAlf- FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
BRYAN OFFENDS
MANY THOUSANDS.
His Hostility to Civil Serv
ice Alienates Blocks
of Voters.
DEMOCRATS DESERT HIM
The Boy Orator's Latest Blun
der Loses Him Votes in
Every State.
HE LOVES THE SPOILS SYBTEM.
Wide Disaffection Over the Popocratic
Candidate's Views of Civil
Service.
The latest coup d'etat of William Jen
nings Bryan is an assault upon the civil
service, a reform system that has com
mended itself to the broad-minded states
men of all political parties for many
years, and that has made rapid strides in
the past four years.
The few lines devoted to civil service by
"the Boy Orator of the Platte" have re
in oved all doubt as to the meaning of the
National Democratic platform, which con
tained some confused sentences on the
same subject. In his letter accepting the
Democratic nomination Mr. Bryan an
nounces his firm adherence to the old
doctrine "to the victor belong the spoils"
in the following strong laneuage, every
word of which is a blow at civil service:
That the people are not in favor o' life
tenure in the civil service is evident
; from the lac*, that they, an a ruin, make
| frequent changes in their official repre
; sentatives when those representatives
I are chonen by ballot. A permanent
office-holding class is not in harmony
with our institutions. A fixed term in
appointive office*, except where the
Federal conntitution now provides
otherwise, would open the public serv
ice to a larger number of citizens with
out impairing its efficiency.
It is the general opinion of well-in
formed Democrats that the candidate from
Nebraska has made a great blunder by his
| hostile declaration, because it hasalien
i ated several hundred thousand votes be
yond hope of recall, being the votes of
men under ci^il service rules, who will de
fend their bread and butter regardless of
formr r party affiliations. Besides nearly
150,000 employes in the various depart
j merits of the civil service throughout the
I Union, it must be remembered that they
| have relatives and friends numbering as
j many more who will doubiess cast their
' ballots against the candidate who has
i openly attacked the position of every man
new em ployed by the General Government.
It should be borne in mind that the
civii service rules now embrace nearly
every brsnch of the Government service,
the power to extend it and enforce the
Jaws resting almost wholly with the Presi
dent of tee United States. Under the or
der of May 6 last President Cleveland,
always a warm advocate of civil service.
I extended the rules to embrace all era
\ ployes of the Government except cashiers,
chief deputies and laborers. Employes of !
the Mint and many thousands in the in
ternal revenue service now come under the
same protection. That extends to carriers
in the postal service.
"There is a bill in Congress now," said j
a prominent Government employe yester- I
day, "to put the clerks under the same !
protection enjoyed by carriers. The Na- i
tional letter-carriers. 18,000 strong, are
now in session at Grand Rapids and the
National Clerks' Association is in session
at Denver. It is quite probable that both
bodies will take notice of Mr. Bryan's
blow at their interests. Many of them
have devoted year- to their business, feel
ing that the laws guaranteed them se
curity, and tney look upon Bryan's
assault as unjust and unwarranted. He
has lost thousands of votes by that one
clause in his letter. Indeed, it is hard to
see how civil service men can support him
at all."
The civil service rules prohibit the dis
cussion of politics by officers and make
offensive partisanship reprehensible, and
for this reason men in the Government i
service cannot be quoted. An officer |
prominent in civil service matters, how- j
ever, spoke to a Call reporter as follows i
yesterday:
"I had intended to support Bryan, but I
cannot do so now, for he has hit at me and
my friends. You may talk all you please
about the limited power of the President,
but I tell you franKly that if the President
of the United States is not favorable to civil
service the Jaw is a dead ietter. Why? Be
cause if the President ignores the law the
Civil Service Commissioners are power
less.
"The President holds the key to the
whole situation, and without his co-opera
tion any man's job is in peril. For ex
ample, if a collector or postmaster vio
lates the civil service law there is only one
person who can punish him for it — the
President. The President can say: 'Up
hold the law or off goes your head,' but
if the President shuts his eyes to viola
tions of the law by heads of departments
there is no redress. Employes may be
discharged for any whim imaginable, or
to make places for favorites."
There are many staunch Democrats
who now look askance at the utterances of
William Jennings Bryan on civil service.
Among these may be mentioned many
venerable citizens who have held office in
the past.
Otic ot the greatest friends of civil service
reform under Cleveland's first adminis
tration was Postmaster William J. Bryan
of this City, who has always been a friind
ot civil service and the present system.
It is almost certain that the attitude ol
hundreds of Democrats is directly opposed
to Hie itpoiii system announced by the
candidate from Nebraska.
The civil service rules now in force go
on the basis that merit is its own reward,
but under the spoils system announced
by Mr. Bryan offices would be at the
option of the appointing power. Tne fol- i
loAini; quotations from the present law
show how apDointraenta are now made:
When there is a vacancy to be filled the
board o examiners certifies to the proper
officer, from the proper register of eligible!.,
the names of the three persons graded highest
of the sex cahed for; and from the three a
selection must be made. Only three certifica
tions of a came are allowed. Each name re
mains eltfi'bie on the register one year unless
the person is sooner appointed or unless the
name is dropped for other good reason.
No prediction will l>e made of the time or
of the probability of an ujipointnu-nt. Ea-h
applicant by his examination decides his own
sending, and hence his own prospects for an
appointment.
There is no need of seeking the aid of any
prominent or presumably influential person
to secure an application puper or an exam
ination. No recommendation or certificate
besides those provided for in the application
itself will be received or can be ol any use in
s-eeui ing an examination or a certification for
appointment. Time spent in attempts to
I change the order of certification will be lost.
I Neither the commission nor any examiner can
help any one to get an appointment, and they
have nothing *o do with the selection by the
nominating officer from among those certified.'
Every appointment is made fora probation
ary period of six months, at the lull salary
attached to the position, at the end of which
Sound Money Non-Partisan League.
A committee of representative business men of this City has made arrangements
for a meeting to be held at the Chamber of Commerce next Monday at 3:30 p. m. for
the purpose of taking steps toward the dissemination of the doctrine of sound money
in the State of California, and toward the education of the people of this State on the
issues of the present campaign.
The object of the meeting will be to secure the election of men pledged to main
tain the present monetary standard, and for that purpose a sound-money league will
be organized. The league will be non-partisan in its character and will have for its
prime object the circulation of sound- money ideas.
In the rankß of a non-partisan league both Democrats and Republicans can meet
and the issue can be broadly discussed.
Henry J. Crocker has been selected as chairman to call the meeting to order. All
business men having at heart the material welfare and progress of the whole country
in general and of the State of California in particular are invited to attend.
time, if the conduct and capacity of the person
appointed be satisfactory, the appointment is
made absolute.
The following clause is the office-hold
er's safeguard to-day, preventing him
from removal for political opinions. Yet
it is swept away by Bryan, as if it were a
thing of evil:
The authority and duty of removal are left
undisturbed by the civil service law and
rules, except that a removal cannot legally be
made because a person in the service has re
lused to be coerced in political action, or
has refused to contribute for political pur
poses, or has rafueed to render political ser
vice. In making any reduction ol force in the
classified service, those persons must be re
tained who, being equally qmilified, have been
honorably discharsed from the military or the
naval service of the United States, and the
widows aud minor children of such persons.
During its existence the Civil Service
Commission has bad the aid of every ex
ecutive and of the leading spirits of both
great parties. It is claimed that every
branch of the public service has been im
proved and that countless abuses have
been remedied, so that men in the service,
feeling the security brought by good be
haviof, have devoted themselves to busi
ness and dropped political maneuvering.
The report of the commission for 1893
shows how many cases of political co
ercion have been punished and how the
old system was fall of inefficiency and
political wire-pulling.
"I believe it is a safe thing to say," said a
prominent Democrat yesterday, a man
in the service whose name cannot be
given, "that Bryan has lost 500,000 votes
by his narrow viiws on the civii service."
WORDS FOR McKINLEY.
Able Addresses Before the Contl-
nental Leapue by Attorney Bar
nett and B. L. McKinley.
The Continental League held its regular
i meeting last night at Saratoga Hall, on
I Geary street, between Hyde and Larkin.
It was resolved to invite T. B. O'Brien,
| candidate for Congres-s from the Fourth
Congressional District, to address the
meeting next Friday evening.
It was further resolved that the mem
bers in a body should attend the mass
meeting to be held under the auspices of
the Afro-American League next Monday
evening at the Auditorium.
Attorney M. M. Barnett was then intro
| duced, and made a stirring address on
| campaign issnes, frequently evoking ap
| plause from tlie large audience.
"I am proud, first of all," he declared,
"that i am an American, and next that I
am a Republican.
"Go with me to South American coun
tries, to Mexico, and other free-silver
j countries, and you will understand why I
; am unalterably opposed to the platform
I of the Democratic party."
The speaker concluded by asking each
j man present to appoint Himself a com
' mittee of one to work for McKinley and
good government,
J. C. Peeram, a member of the Afro
! American League, then followed, stating
I that this is the greatest campaign ever
known in the history of the Nation. Es
pecial attention was drawn to the mone
tary systems of the two parties and the
fallacies ol the Democratic ideas.
Benjamin L. McKinley was introduced
amid the applause of the audience, and
I spoke eloquently on the issues now before
the American people to be settled at the
coming election.
He made a very clear and forcible ex
position of the money question, showing
that t c free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1 or any other
ratio is not the remedy to apply to the
sorely crippled Government.
The meeting was concluded by an over
ture by Professor Sichel and a song by
Captain Batchelder.
A special programme by prominent
speakers has been arranged for next Fri
day evening, when the members are ex
pected to be out in force.
IN THE THIRTY-FIFTH.
An Enthusiastic Meeting Held by
the Republican Club of
That District.
An enthusiastic meeting was held last
evening by the Thirty-fifth Assembly Dis
! trict Republican Club at 3008 Mission
| street. It was called to order by William
I Gill, president of the club, who after a
few preliminary remarks upon the flour
ishing condition of the organization intro
duced Jndge Henry Dibble.
That eloquent speaker gave the Mission
ites a clear and concise statement of the
stamling of the parties in this campaign.
"You wan i," said he, "to see the labor
ing man do well. He is the cornerstone
of a nation's prosperity. All depends
upon him. What is it that makes his lot
hard? Want of confidence. No one will
invest when there is no hope of a return
and everything that destroys confidence
drives labor out of power. These are hard
times, and four more years of Populistic
and Democratic rule and the hard times
will become desperate times. It is said
that the American people before the last
election wanted a change, and whether
that is true or not we know they want one
now.
"There must be an end of this and a re
turn to the protection and prosperity of
the Republican party, with William Mc-
Kinley as our President."
The speaker closed with a stirring ap
peal to the loyal people to stand firm for
sound money and souna principles, and
waß answered by uproarous applause
from the entire audience.
Hon. James Kidney followed with
strong words of condemnation for Cleve
lamlism, Populism and all the issues in
which Democracy had clothed itself.
He literally roasted the "man from Ne
braska" and his so-called oratory, which
he said was like his own river— looo miles
long and six inches deep. Then he spoke
of protection, the old and eternal battle
cry of the Republican party. "All our
j Presidents," .said he, "from Washington
i down to Cleveland, were protectionists.
Jefferson was so rabid a protectionist that
he recommended that English imports be
barred out altogether, and they were for
years."
Ratification for Loud.
The Republicans of the Thirty -fifth
Assembly District, in conjunction with
the clubs from the Thirty-third, Thirty
fourth, Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh
districts, will hold a joint meeting to
night at Valencia and Twenty - fourth
streets to ratify the nomination of Hon.
Eugene F. Loud for Congress from the
Fifth Congressional District. There will
be open-air addresses by Congressman
Loud, John T. Dare, V. F. Northrop, D.
F. Mulville, CnarlesL. He deruark, Charles
M. Dupew and A. P. Van Duzer. After
the speaking a reception will be tendered
Mr. Loud in the clubrooms of the Thirtv
liftn District Central Club, 1339 Valencia
street. Music will be lurnished by the
Noe Valley brass band. The grounds at
Twenty-fourth and Valencia streets will be
brilliantly lighted for the occasion with
electric lights oi various colors.
BRYAN WEAKENING FAST.
All the So-Called Doubtful States
Will Give Big Majorities
Against Him.
E. J Carter on the Public Pulse
After Much Traveling and
Careful Research.
According to E. J. Carter, brother of
United States Senator Carter of Mon- j
tana, who arrived here last night and who
has lately spent much time throughout
the different sections of the country, i
Major McKinley's victory i 3 certain. Mr. \
Carter has lived for some time in Mon- |
tana, but he is now heavily interested in
mining at Mercur and Cedar City, Utah,
and in railroad contracts in the same
State. His headquarters is in New York, j
"I have been in a great many of the j
States from New York to Montana, Idaho
and Utah," said he, "and have talked
with the people everywhere, and promi- ;
nent men who should know. I spent a '
good deal of time in Chicago and other j
cities great and small. If the pulse of the
people goes for anything Bryan will not \
receive as many votes a& Horace Greeley
did.
"In Chicago, with the men who have
made it a study and should know, the
lowest estimate in Illinois was 150,000
majority for McKinley. This was the
lowest estimate given by men who were in
the closest touch with existing affairs.
"As for Indiana, I was at Terre Haute,
Indianapolis, Evansville and other places.
Some of the Republicans there are betting
two to one on McKiniey, but the majority
of the people don't consider Indiana in
the doubtful column at all.
"Tuere is no question about lowa what
ever. As for Nebraska, it is absolutely
certain. There is no possible question
about Michigan either. Minnesota is safe
— good for 20,000 majority. Let me tell
you, too, that North Dasota is all right
for McKinley. I was in Montana two
weeks ago. Montana to-day is a doubtful
State. There is an excellent show to
carry that, and even with Idaho no man
can foretell.
"Going back to the East and McKinley's
own State, it is predicted in Ohio that
Mr. McKinley will carry it by 25,600 more
than he got when he was elected Gover
nor, and he pot 150,000 then. This will
give him 175.000 majority, and this is the
lowest estimate made. I do not believe
Bryan will have 100 electoral votes."
With Mr. Carter is W. R. Busenbark, for
merly L'eneral manager of the Chicago
Great Western Railroad, and now inter
ested in banking in New York and mining
in the West. The gentlemen will be here
a week or more.
GREAT ENTHUSIASM
Displayed by the Large Attendance
at the Thirtieth District
Club.
HA^h^neetin^ofth^TirirtiethDistrict I
Republican Club held last nijfht at Py- i
thian Castle there was the greatest enthu
siasm displayed, and many of the large
number who attended could not be ac
commodated with seats. Among the in
terested spectators were quite a number of
ladies. H. J. Jackson Jr. presided and T.
L. Doran acted as secretary.
A band of music which dispensed patri
otic airs between addresses aided to make
the meeting enjoyable.
Hon. John T. "Dare was the principal !
sneaker of the evening, and for more than '
an hour he treated the audience to an ex
position of the principal issues to be de- ;
cided at the approaching election. In con
clusion he appealed to every one present
to put his shoulder to the wheel and aid
in the election of McKinley and Hobart.
There were comic songs by J. T. Gal
lagher, a violin solo by Oscar Skow, ad
dresses by A. P. Tread well and others and ,
a vocal duet Dy Messrs. Kelly and Mario
GERMAN REPUBLICANS.
Appointing Committees for the
Coming Campaign.
The German- American Republican Club
held its regular meeting last night at 413
Bush street. The executive committee
which was appointed at the last meeting
made its report, stating that it had organ
ized with Dr. F. P. Muffe as president
and R. Munk as secretary. Dr. Muffe
s tated that the committee nad taken up
its work actively and enthusiastically and
had already prepared a constitution and
by-laws for the government of the club.
President Captain R. "Wieneke an
nounced the finance committee of the
club as: John D. Spreckels, Charles Bund
shu, John L. Roster, C. B. Rode, Fritz
Plageman, Captain George A. Raabe and
William Wankowski.
At the conclusion of the routine busi
ness enthusiastic speeches were delivered
by Dr. H. Muhr, editor of the Oakland
Journal, William yon Rossum and Dr. B.
Paulsen.
The meeting then adjourned until Fri
day next with three cheers for McKinley
and Hobart,
Thirty-Ninth In Touch.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Club held a rousing meeting last
night, and President John Gilson was
more than pleased with the enthusiasm
manifested by the members, who with one
accord fell into touch with the plans of
the County Committee in its call for a
primary election of delegates to the con
vention.
On motion of W. J. Herrin the club in
structed its executive committee to notify
the executive committee of club No. 2
that a joint meeting would be held on
Sunday forenoon at 11 o'clock at the south
east corner of Geary and Leavenworth
streets, for the purpose of recommending
delegates to the mnnicipal convention.
President Gilson, in a short address,
stated that the Thirty-ninth District al
ways remained loyal to the party, and he
was glad to see the same spirit prevail at
this time, when unity alone could succeed
in electing good men to office.
Similar sentiments were expressed by
Harry W. Hutton, W. J. Herrin, G. T.
Covey. Harvey Bordeil, J. J. Sullivan,
Dave Reynolds, Thomas Morton, Captain
John Tiittle, H. W. Mathews and others,
who promised a grand victory for the
nominees of the Republican party.
McKinley Club.
NEWARK, Cal., Sept. IL— The McKin
ley and Hobart Club has perfected its or
ganization by the selection of the follow
ing officers: President, J. B. Terrell; vice
presidents—W. C. Pike, R. Ingraham, J.
Hoffner; secretary, Mr. Blair; assistant
secretary, J. Ritter; treasurer, Georpe
Wales; executive committee — F. Jarvis
(chairman), W. W. Watkins, E. H. Thomp
son, A. C. Brown, John Dugan.
BENEATH BRIGHT EYES.
McKinley Invincibles Hold a
Rousing Meeting at the
Auditorium.
E oquent Addresses, Excellent Music
and Patriotic Principles Create
Enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm was aroused to its fullest
extent last evening on the occasion of the
first great meeting of the McKinley In
vincibles at the Auditorium.
The great building was crowded with
patriotic citizens eager to lend their aid
to the club. The Invincibles compose one
of the most popular political clubs of the
day, and its successful meeting last night
BIKW TO-DAY.
I To=Day Is the 1
Last Day We
Give Suits Away!
I OPEN THIS EVENING TILL 10 O'CLOCK. |
II //%$b c are smas^^ n g prices to induce you 1 1
II to come down td our Wholesale House in |
I JlfeviiL c Wholesale District, I
I / <^^S HYAM5 ' BROWN & CO., I
if/ I 5 an^ 7 St.
1 tWe are smashing prices to number and 1
to come down to our Wholesale House ia
the Wholesale District,
HYAMS, BROWN & CO.,
25 and 27 Sansome St.
Remember the name and number and
I get acquainted with the largest manufac- I
H sr\\/\ turers of . \
#y FINE CLOTHING,
1 ■.§ "kk> WHO RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES. j
1 BOYS' SUITS, $1.00. >^\ I
I SD\J To uUI 1O 5 vp 1 .\J\Jm Sl •
I They are handsome suits for boys 4to 14 JWw
j years old, worth $3 to $5, in Worsteds, Che- /sTfi\ I
J viots, etc., all colors, weights and styles. / ' r\A \
I Now going for less than half the actual cost. ( ( . !\ ] \
MEN'S ALL-WOOL SUITS, $4.50 \V |
\ Double and Single Breasted Sack Suits, 1/ /11 ;
gray, brown, black and blue, worth $7.50 /' /\\ I
to $15. '-{ tj VW i
| See our line of $12.50 MEN'S SUITS. They cost!
j over $20 in the Retail Stores. Our price during i
this sale —
$ia.so
rlyams, Krown 1
& co.
I Wholesale ujfactpbebs ;|
Men's, Boys' and Children's 1
Fine Clothing
RETAILED
AT WHOLESALE PRICES
25 & 27 SANSOME ST. \
ONLY ONE-HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET. \
j_ m -y ■ ■ '" ■ ".-■*■■*■.'■ j V ' 9
IS MANHOOD 3~
EVER LOST?
Strictly speaking, no ! at least hardly ever, except in ex-
treme old age. What we call "Lost Manhood" and "Nervous
Exhaustion" is merely weakened power.
Underneath the ashes the fire remains aglow. It requires
careful scientific treatment to fan it into a bright flame of life
and energy.
Your despondency looks foolish — is foolish. Keeps you
from getting well. It's the worst part of your sickness. Try
and get over it. Try and look like a man — head up, body erect.
Then do as a man should do ; get help in a common-sense, way.
But for the sake of your . existence— for the sake of those
jz^t-^,^ dear to you or dependent on
/^s|i||||pii^ you, don't play with fire. Leave
/^MM^ >. quack medicines, cure-ali-aod-
Ism£s7 \ everybody nostrums alone.
WM*yi' .a^-t^ Go to a specialist. Go to one
l|p*ifC|; w '' 10 as devoted a lifetime to
m^vt ■!"* /^oT *k* s branch of human suffering ;
®h-s^' I ijjjSifcfiffi wno cures where others try and
/V^ftw^Kr'Kv» 0 *^ c °* euce w^k se m od-
esty ! As if this greatest of
-je^^l^J 'f>lr£Zlk. specialists would "blab" about
MPSSnGI f %^-» vou > or give your case an other
SWmSk thought than is necessary to
' cure you.
DOCTOR COOK. Doctor Cook treats with won-
derful success not only nervous debility of young, middle-aged
or old men, but he cures female complaints and all chronic and
internal troubles of both sexes. His specialty also embraces
eye, ear, throat, nose, brain, liver,, lung, heart, kidney, stomach
and bowel diseases ; also piles, fistula and rupture, nydrocele, /
varicocele and kindred ailments.
Write if you cannot call. You can be treated successfully
by mail. Tell everything. ■
Office hours— to 12 A. M.; 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays
from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 MARKET STREET, Opp. Powell, S. F., Cal,
showed that it is both well organized and
has plenty of friends.
By 8 o'clock the Auditorium was a blaze
of light. Passersby were attracted by the
glow of red fire, while the strains of
martial music stirred the blood of all
within hearing. The hall was tastefully
decorated, the platform especially being
handsomely draped with National fla^s.
Eloquent addresses were made by tha
Hon. A. G. Booth, Colonel J. P. Jackson
and Hon. Frank L. Coombs of Napa on
the issues of the day. The speakers ex
plained thoroughly the paramount neces
sity for protection, and punctured the fal
lacies of Bryanism with shot after shot,
evoking enthusiastic applause.
An appreciated feature of the success'ul
evening was the reserving of the gallery
for ladies.
There was also a very pleasant inci
dental procramme. Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel, assisted by twenty-eight young
ladies 3ane "The Banner of the Bear,"
and Sam Booth and the California Quartet
and Blum's full orchestra furnished tne
musical part of the entertainment, and
there were also some excellent recitations.
56
.SATURDAY ........ SEPTEMBER 12, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally arri Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily end Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily or.d Sunday Call, six months, by mail. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by maiL. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.00
Wkucly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation T If
r o, It Is no trouble for ns to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
xnlta It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE i
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone.. ..........Slain— lB63
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lB74
BRANCH OFFICES:
f SO Montgomery street, corner Clayj open onto
• -.SO o'clock.
SSO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lr.rkis street : open until 9 :SO o*oloolo
bW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
BDtll 8 o'clock.
2618 iiibhion street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Miith street; open until 8 o' doc Is.
OAKLAND OFFICB »
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB
Itcoms 81 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
__ DAVID M. FQLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
rOB VICF-PBESIDE3CT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EI.KCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1890.
No loyal Republican will support a fac
tion leader.
The only States that shows signs of
favoring Bryan are the States where Bryan
has not been.
The only way to support the principles
of Republicanism is to support Republi
can organization.
Democracy had better get all the com
fort it can out of Arkansas this week, for
Maine talks next week.
It is now Sewall's turn to give us a let
ter, and it will be probably very long,
for Sewall has much to explain.
Men who quietly submit to unjust taxa
tion deserve what they get. No one merits
justice who is not willing to work tor it.
It is a very small minded politician who
thinks more of some mean squabble he can
start than of the great issues at stake in
the campaign.
It is a wise proceeding on the part of
the Bryanites to begin discussine Bryan's
Cabinet at once, for after the election there
will be no chance for it.
As Bryan is opposed to every form of
promoting American industry he is nec
cessarily opposed to the interests of all
who live by that industry.
The tariff may be a minor issue to Bryan
and others who live by talking, but to those
who have to work for a living it is the
greatest issue of the campaign.
The Republican party cannot carry Cali
fornia without harmony and organization
and those who are opposed to party disci
pline are really opposed to party success.
But a short time ago Dan Lamont was a
promising politician, but having now come
out for Palmer he will have to ro out with
Cleveland and that will be the end of him.
It is strange the Democratic organs
should declare lowa is a doubtful State,
when it would be just as easy and just as
accurate to claim it for Bryan as a sure
thing.
There is no industry so profitable as that
of the United States when well protected,
but without protection it ceases to be pro'
litable and the wage-earner is left withoni
employment.
When great issues are at stake no intel
ligent citizen will turn aside from them to
follow faction leaders who seek to stir up
strife for the sake of gaining some petty
personal advantage.
The professional party kicker does his
kicking simply to attract attention to
himself, aud if the loyal rank and file ig
nore him he soou decides to give himself a
few kicks and then quit.
To-morrow being the day of rest you
will need good reading on current topics
and matters of general interest to amuse
your leisure, and the best way to get it is
to leave orders to-day for The Sunday
Call. <
Evidence increases in all parts of the
country that the Popocrat fusionists have
about decided to abandon Bryan's fight
and devote all their time, tin and talent
to electing Congressmen, legislators and
county officers. They are after the spoils.
The Republicans of San Francisco should
set an example to Republicans of the State
and of the Pacific Coast. They should re
solve to work together to make the City a
stronghold of Republicanism and an illus
tration of« Republican unity, discipline
and loyalty.
It is a good sign of coming reform in
taxation that the wrong done to San Fran
cisco by the recent action of the Equalizers
is to result in something more than a pro
test. Even when a vigorous fighter
doesn't win bis fiaht he makes the other
fellow more careful next time.
The Democratic party could not effec
tively administer the affairs of the Gov
ernment even when united and under the
leadership of its best men and,, no prudent
citizen would entrust the Nation to its
charge now that it is divided, disorganized,
demoralized and being led like an un
thinking' mob by a few faction leaders and
8 perfervid orator.
Republicans of California should unite
in harmony of sentiment and action to
prove the truth of Tom Reed's words:
•'The gallant West, peopled by our chil-
dren, will show to the world that brothers,
true and tried, who have fought in so
many lights shoulder to shoulder in the
great conflict of human progress, will
never be separated from each other or
from that great party around winch clus
ters &U the glories of the most illustrious
of this country's history."
TO THE REPUBLICANS OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
It is hardly necessary to say to Repub
licans of San Francisco that the time has
come to put an end to all wrangling fac
tions in the party and unite to make sure
of victory for McKinley and protection.
You know what can be accomplished by
united effort, and you know also what
will be the inevitable result of breaking
away from party leaders to follow
factions. You know that with har
mony there will be victory, and that with
out it there will be defeat. You know the
vote of San Francisco may virtually de
termine the vote of California. The
electoral vote of the State is largely subject
to your action. Will you stand for party
organization and see that California casts
her ballots for McKinley and prosperity,
or will you follow self-seeking factions and
leave the State to run ths risk of Bryan
and disaster?
There is no reason why Republicans
should hesitate to speak plainly to one
another at this juncture. The situation
itself is too clear to be concealed even if
we thought it worth while to try to con
ceal it with ambiguous words. Democracy,
which a short time ago wa3 utterly hope
less in California, has, by raising a new
issue and rallying to itself Populists,
extreme free silverites, all discordant and
discontented elements of the people,
suddenly found itself possessed of a new
stiength in this City. Incapable of govern
ment, it is not incapable of bringing a
large vote to the polls, and if the .Repub
lican vote in the City should be divided,
there is a danger that the Democratic suc
cess here might be sufficient to overthrow
the splendid Republican majorities we can
count on from almost all the interior
counties. Can we afford to take that risk?
Can you afford to increase that risk?
The issues dependent upon the way you
act are great. They affect the welfare of
the Nation, the State, the City. They af
fect every trade, every industry, every
home and every individual. Bankers who
desira a secure financial system, mer
chants who wish a remunerative com
merce, manufacturers who seek profits for
their mills and shops, workincmen who
need wages, can you, for the mere sake of a
petty faction hght or differences of opinion
on minor matters, bring your minds to the
point of endangering the great cause of
protection and sound money? To you all
aud to each of you, the Republican party
turns and demands your loyalty. Which
of you will fail the party of your love?
There is no man among your numbers
who does not know the political situation
in this City, for the Republican party has
ever been the party of intelligent, observ
ant, reading men. You know if the strength
of tne party is divided in the coming elec
tions we may lose many City and County
officers and turn our municipal affairs
over once more to the tools of Buckley or
some other Democratic boss; we may lose
members of the Legislatuie, DUttiug the
State into the hands of the Popocrat fu
sion and endangering the election of a Re
publican Senator: we may lose the Con
gressman from the Fourth District and
make doubtful the Fifth; we may even
lose the electoral vote of the State if our
divisions should be carried too far.
Consider weli the issues before you. You
have everything to hope for from the suc
cess of the party. What have you to hope
for from the success ot any faction?
Ou the one side is protection, industry,
sound money, good wages, efficient gov
ernment, and on the other side is nothing
but a continuance of Democratic condi
tions, bungling, blundering and disaster.
Each Republican has the freedom to make
the choice for himself. Are you for party
discipline and victory or are you for fac
tion ami defeat?
Work and wages have been cut in two, and
we spurn the same experiment on the money
in which they are paid. We want the same
good money in the future that we have had
since January 1, 1870, and that we intend to
have. We want honest dollars, and intend
like honest people to pay our honest debts with
them — Government and people. Our great
need now is a chance to earn these honest
dollars by honest work at home. And let us
do our work in the United States, and then
there will no', be an idle man beneath our flag.
— McKinley.
CALIFORNIA POR PROTECTION.
Seventeen members of the California
State Senate tell The Call that the Mc-
Kinley sentiment is growing in their re
spective districts. These Senators are not
oniy representative men, bat they are in
close touch with the people, and therefore
their opinion is valuable as snowing the
preference of the varied interests of the
State as between the Presidential candi
dates. There never has been any doubt in
the minds of those who have occasion to
mix with the people that Major McKinley
would carry California, but the opinion of
these seventeen Senators whom The Call
has interviewed was needed to satisfy
those who were in doubt of the safety of
the cause of protection a?jd prosperity
throughout the whole State.
A while ago there may have been some
doubt about the party holding a certain
free-silver coinage sentiment, but there is
no longer reason to entertain doubts 0:1
that point. Mr. McKinley's letter of ac
ceoiance and the analysis of the party's
money plank by Republican leaders in a!l
the States has satisfied every one that Ma
jor McKinley ie personally and the party
is clearly in favor of the free coinage of
both gold ana silver upon an equitable
basis. Major McKinley's public record
shows that he has always been a bimetal
list, and the country has his personal
word and the party's pledge that the
mints shall be opened to the coinage of
silver as soon as a basis for the remoneti
zation of silver can be arranged. No pany
couici be more solemnly committed to a
policy than the Republican party is com
mitted to a bimetallic currency, but it is
also committed to secure the coinage of
silver in no haphazard but in a thor
oughly business way.
Next to the assurance which these Sena
tors give that the Republican party is
growing stronger from day to day all over
the State, the important revelation is that
by common consent the tariff question Ea
made the paramount issue. This 13 as it
should be, and it is gratifying to know
that it is so. No increase in the volume of
our circulating medinm could be made to
avail the peoDle anything unless they had
opportunity to get some of it. Trie im
portance, therefore, of giving Our indus
tries, our farmers and our workingmen
such a degree of protection as shall en
courage theui to go forward in the work of
producing should be clear to every mind.
There must be conditions to make pios
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
perity certain before money will seek the
channels of trade and distribute itself
along the line. Men must have work at
good pay before they can have money to
spend for goods and wares, and they most
certainly cannot have work if our markets
are supplied with articles of trade of the
cheap labor of other countries. The peo
ple of California are quite right. Protec
tion is the paramount question, and when
tha* is secured prosperity will come speed
ily, is the natural consequence, for there
wi! be plenty of worfc at good pay for all
wl" < wish to work.
;f-om 2579 to 1392 (he United States was
nni tin wealth, dignity and honor. I say to
yo- that if ever a nation could see from its
MM experience that it pays to be honest it is
tlt/i United Slates of America. The experience
ofiht world has proven to us beyond pcrad
rcA'.ure thnt the attempt to issue Government
viouey every time a speculative period has set
in and burst means destruction and mm out
of which there is no way except bankruptcy.
Now we have got to learn that it is not wise
to lower the currency one-half in order to eke
out a speculation. I think we shall learn it.
— Tom Reed.
THREE MEN DID IT.
When public servants abuse the trust
that is committed to their supervision, it
is good for public morals to take them to
task. It is the nature of the public to be
long-suffering and patient when its ser
vants are careiess, and even when they are
disloyal there is a disposition to deal
gently with them, but there are sins of
omission and commission which the pub
lic cannot afford to overlook. Hence,
when two great organizations oi business
men like the Merchants' and the Citizens'
Charter Associations unite to denounce
the acts of public servants, it is safe to ac
cept it as the fact that tne servants have
forfeited the resDect and the confidence of
the public, and that is exactly what three
members of the State Board of Equaliza
tion have done.
And what makes tne official conduct of
these three public servant* all the more
aggravating is that they appear to glory
in their perfidy. It is no small matter for
those having the authority to deliberately
and without valid reason increase the as
sessed valuation of the property of a few
citizens by nearly $70,000,000. when the as
sessment was admitted to be already
higher than the actual value of the prop
erty justified. And it is doubly aggra
vating to know that the increased valua
tion operates to relieve a railway corpora
tion of its just obligations to the publfc.
The three members of the Equalization
Board would stand better with the com
munity had they announced by resolution
that their purpose was to make property
owners of San Francisco pay the taxes of
the Southern Pncitic Railway Company,
for that is what it amounts to, and the das
tardly net would then have been relieved of
subterfuge. Then the public would have
given the three worthies credit for being
open and bold in the work of despoiling
£an Francisco.
Nothing is more iwlixp-iixabic to business
and prosperity than that the currency of the
country shall he so honest that it can cheat
nobody. Nothing is of greater moment to the
welfare of the country than the adoption of a
policy which will give to labor and capital
constant employment with fair returns. — Mc-
Kinley.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
The Sunday Call will be brimful of
superb attractions. It is a distinctively
Californian newspaper aud the ablest and
brightest minds of California contribute
to its pages. It publishes more original
matter than any other newspaper on the
Pacific Slope and its popularity far and
wide attests ihe gratifying fact of its ap
preciation by the people. It is a veritable
m agazine of good, bright, clean, whole
some and entertaining literature. It con
tains a weaith of timely information on a
multitude of topics. It is a model Sun
day paper in every respect. It is just the
kind of newspaper that the general pub
lic demands. To-morrow's issue will con
tain among its many excellent features:
The Adventures of a San Francisco
Merchant in Europe, Asia and Africa.
De Klapperman— The Tale of Old Jan
Stock, a Large Man, Inured Alike to the
Winds That Sweop Down From the Zuy
der Zee and the Morning Gapes of the
Dutch Villager?.
Has Turned His Face Toward the Sea.
Where Wild Goats Abound.
If Li Hung Chang Came to San Fran
cisco.
Just for a Joke.
When My Ship Comes In.
An Unconventional Journey in Biski
you.
Lost His Birthday— the Mystery of the
One Hundred an ! Eightieth Degree of
Longitude Explained.
The SVonderful Possibilities of Sound-
It May Be Used as a Motor.
She Guards His Grave.
In a Den of Serpents.
Arizona Ice Caves.
Men Who Ask Strangers for Beefsteaks.
Bird 3 and Beasts That Drink Die
Quickly.
Some Pictures of the Sea With Sug
gestions to Amateur Photographers.
Baird's Biography of the Greatest Run
ner in the World.
Wholesome Exercise for Women Who
Do Housework.
The Champion Dor of Stockton.
Many other novelties in many depart
ments and a host of good literature.
The Republican party, with the support of
the American people, knowing no classes or
distinctions among the sovereign voters, pro
poses to enact such laws as will revive the
fallen industries of the country to life and
activity again, and thus furnish employment
to the wage-earner and protection to American
labor, and thus restore to the American farm
er and producer his . home market for 95 per
cent of his products, which has been so
ruthlessly destroyed by closing our mills land
factories and depriving wage-earners of their
power to buy home products^^x-Governor
Hamilton of Illinois.^^^^^^^^^^^^^M
THE WAY OF THE POPULIST.
Populists do queer things, but they can
not be charged with not knowing what
they are in politics for. The chief end of
a Populist is to hold a public office, and
the safest way to reach the objective point
is always the better way. Political prin
ciples and economic theories are merely
conveniences in the great and glorious
battle for votes. When Jay Gould told the
Erie railway investigating committee of
the New York Legislature that in a Re
publican State he was a Republican and
in a Democratic State he was a Demo
crat, but 'in all States he was for the
Erie rail wav first, last and all the time,
he laid down a declaration of princi
ples which have come to express the
purpose of the Populist party. In some
States Populists fuje with Democrats and
Republicans in other States, but in all
States they are for the loaves and fishes of
public office.
At the invitation of the leaders of the
Populist party the Republican party
leaders of North Carolina met them in
conference the other day, and when the
affair was over it was found that the Popu
lists had contracted to deliver the vote of
their party to the Republicans in consid
eration of certain county and State offices
and a Riven number of Congressmen. Of
course, the Republican managers were en
tirely justified in making such a deal, for
it was just like finding four or five Con
gressmen and half of the State offices.
The Populists and Democrats combined
could carry the State no doubt, but, hog
like, the Democrats demanded pretty near
everything in sight, leaving the Populists
little else than the privilege of voting as
they were bidden. Toe Populists did not
like the terms, and so they looked about
for a better bargain, which they found in
thu Republican shop, and now the Demo
crats are wondering what they shall do to
be saved from the most overwhelming de
fe.it that was ever administered to their
party in any Southern State.
The queer thing about the trade is that
it has the "O. K." of Populist Senator
Butler, who is chairman of the Populist
National Committee and an enthusiastic
supporter of Bryan. It was Butler who
sad at St. Louis that it was of the utmost
importance that the Bryan Democrats and
Populists Bhould stand shoulder to
shoulder throughout the campaign, for
thoy were battling for a common cause.
But that was before the Alabama election.
Since that event the Populists of the
South have not been so enthusiastic for
fusion with the Democracy. What most
of the Populist leaders are Populists for is
"business." They want public office just
as they want good crops, and they are not
at all particular who helps them work the
fields if only a good crop is found at bar
vest time. But the North Carolina trade
is a good one for the Populists from every
point of view. They will get a good
sprinkling of offices and will have the pleas
ure of seeing the Democratic hog wallow
in mud of his own making. The bargain
is a good one for the Republicans, for
whatever they get will be clear gain, and
they will get several Congressmen, and a
number of State offices, besides more than
a good fighting chance to elect the Mc-
Kinley electors. But North Carolina
Populists are not different from Populists
in other localities. They are hunting for
bargain counters in all the Southern States
and they are pretty hungry for office in
the West and North.
PERSONAL.
J. L. High of Madera is in town.
O. E. Nash of Redding is at the Rust.
Dr. Frank Butler of Stockton is in town.
R- E. Lashley of Cleveland, Ohio, is at the
Palace.
G. B. Leet 01 Modesto reached this City yes
terday.
vv. 11. Clary Jr., the mining man, of Stockton
is here.
Attorney George F. Buck of Stockton is In
the City.
William Forsyth of Fresno left for his home
last evening.
Richard White of Chicowas among yester
day's arrivals.
Mayor Robert Effey of Santa Cruz Is among
recent arrivals.
F. P. Tuttie, an attorney of Auburn, is here
for a brief stay.
Judge John It. Fulweiler of.' Placer County
is on a visit here.
L. D. Kumrner, a business man of Grinnell,
lowa, is in the City.
M. Howe, a merchant of Santa Crui, is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. J. Cahill, a ranch owner of San Jose, is j
among recent arrivals.
M. Douglas, a business man of Oakdalc, is at !
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. M. Giffonl of Honolulu is on a visit here, !
and is at the Occidental. \
B. H. Postlethwftlte, a business man of Sara
toga, is at the Occidental.
George B. Kaizenstein of Sacramento is j
spending a few days here.
F. O. Richard", a mine-owner of Sonora, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Captain Senett of Santa Clara is at the Occi- j
dental, accompanied by Mrs. Senett.
Armand Cailleau returned Thursday from
his annual business trip to New York.
Among the arrivals at the Russ is W. T.
Wright, a business man of Roseburg, Or.
W. P. Stoneroad, County Surveyor of Mer
ced, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel with his
wife.
J. A. Mackenzie, an extensive general mer
chant of Merced, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
J. T. Garvard of the United States Geological
Survey is among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
A. M. Cunningham, a wealthy farmer of
Plalnsburg, is at the Cosmopoiitau Hotel with
his wife.
George H. Crait of Bakersfield, treasurer of
the Kern County Republicau Committee, is at
the Lick.
J. Frankel, a well-to-do merchant of Lake- j
view, Or, is at the Lick. He has come down j
on business.
W. A. Pryor, a merchant of Shasta and
brother of J. H. Pryor, editor of the Shasta
News, is visiting this City. Mr. Pryor predicts
f-ome startling developments in the mines in
his section this winter.
George W. Weidler, who is prominent in the
financial and political circles of Portland, ar
rived here yesterday. He is a pioneer of Ore
gon, and for many years has been an exten
sive manufacturer of lumDer.
Auguste Barrois, a wealthy cotton - cloth
manufacturer of Lii'.e, France, is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by his wife. He has been
visiting various resorts and cities of the West,
and is vow going to the Yosemlte, and then to
Colorado.
Manager C. W. Hinckliffe of the Los Angeles
telephone system and G. E. Baldwin, assistant
manager, are at the Grand. They say there is
great intere«t in the National campaign thare,
with much discussion on both sides, bnt it looks
as though the Republicans would win victory.
Thomas F. Newman, an attorney of Fair
haven, Wash., is at the Grand. He is here on
a trip combining business and pleasure, and
says Bellingham Bay, on which waters the
town is located, along with Whatcoci and
other places, is beginning to improve, after a
long dull period.
Colonel B. Prestou, a retired officer of the
English army, whose residence is London, has
arrived here after a trip through China, Japan
and other countries. He says, in his judg
ment, from all he saw and" understood in
China, Li Hung Chang is making the present
trip with the view of soon opening all the
ports of China. In Japan Captain Preston saw
great energy manifested everywhere by the
opening of factories aud preparations to build
railroads.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 11.— At the St.
Cloud, Mrs. Hyns, C. E. Sweet, P. A. Roche;
Metropolitan, Mrs. Hyns: Cosmopolitan. L. J.
Trowbridge; Astor, Mrs. A. A. Waterhouse;
Giiscy, Miss Alexander; Albemerle, J. G. Ox
nard. Mrs. I. M. and Miss L. M. Toad of Los
Angeles left the St. Cloud to sail on the North
German flyer Kaiser Wilnelm II for Genoa via
Gibraltar and Naples. Mrs. Augusta C. Mayo
and Manuel Olsen of Oakland arrived from
Bremen ou the North German ship Trave.
Miss Adeline Feder, M.D.. arrived on the North
German flyer Kaiser Wllholm II from Genoa. L.
Schiappapietra and wife arrived in on the
same ship; also G. Gunsti.
IN MR. BRYAN'S HOME.
Champaign (Til.) News.
Captain J. C. Ware has returned from Lin
coln, Nebr., where he went two weeks ago on
account of the death of his daughter's child.
Captain Ware reports the result 01 the polling
of Mr. Bryan's ward, tbo Filth, where 201
voter* are for McKlnley ana 71 for Bryan. In
the block where Bryan has his office 37 are for
McKlnley and 8 for Bryan. A train going west
Jrom Lincoln was polled and showed 45 to 26
in Mckinley's favor.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Among the typical prospectors oi the Pacific
Coast one of those widest known is E. F. Schu
macher, who has spent many years on the
Yukon and who has recently returned from a
prospecting tour extending over several
months in the Okanogan country, Washing
ton.
He has prospected and mined in many dif
ferent sections of the Pacific Coast and, like
all prospectors, enjoys the freedom of such a
life.
"It is a life that better suits me than any
other that could be named," he »a!d yester
day, "and I wonder that more men who are of j
independent spirit do not adopt it. It is far
better than toi'iug for others aud being obedi
ent to their whims. Such a life is galling.
"Then, too, a man following the free and {
E* F. SCHUMACHER, the Noted Pacific Coast Miner, Who Says
Chances for Making Lucky Strikes Were Never Better Than Now.
[Sketched Jrom life by a "Call" artist.]
happy life of a prospector always has the hope
of making a fortune. Better than this, he
runs a reasonably good chance of getting it.
"I would rather myself, by a good deal, take
my chances at discovering a rich mine than
in risking money by going into business, and
I have tried both. I believe a man of reason
ably good judgment has a better chance in
mining than in anything else.
"There is no reason why a man should not
make good mineral discoveries, if he has bad
experience, and in mining experience counts
as much as in other callings, if not more.
Chance does not figure in the way it used to.
There are certain established principles that
can be depended upon. If a man knows these,
as an experienced prospector knows them, he
has got something that is capital.
"Get him set out, and ten to one, if he keeps
looking, he will find a good mine. When he has
found that hecan find more. This is my experi
ence. I have been finding properties small and
large for several years. The little ones are always
worth $5000 to $7000 apiece approximately,
and if you get a big one it is worth from
$50,000 to $500,000, and sometimes more."
The latest mine which Mr. Schumacher
struck is the Bald Eagie, at Sumdum Bay,
Alaska, which he sold to S. A. Trobridge and
j associates of this City for $60,000.
Mr. Schumacher is quietly contemplating
where ho will go prospecting next.
THE CYCLOMETER CRANK.
Of all the cranks I've ever seen
The cyclometer crunk ii the worst.
He watches it go from Lsorn till night
And pushes it round with all hi* might,
Though bis veins are like to burst.
There's music for him In the click of the dog
And It cliee's his weary way.
Whether riding home or riding to town,
Or pumping up hill or coasting down,
He lives on his merry lay.
He cannot stop on half a mile,
And, thrush the time lias come to dine,
If the cycle stands at 399
The dinner must wait awhile.
When death has claimed the cyclometer crank
And he's passed from this world of guile
]{'•'. I as* l'eter to wait at the open cate,
Though the saint is old and the hour is late,
While he runs off another mile.
—Minneapolis Tribune
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE PROHIBITION VOTE.
a Claim That Prohibition Has Gained bt
tub Defection of Offick-Skekers.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call — Dear
Pip: As a member of a party that has no
daily newspaper to espouse its came— a party
that has no office-seeking members— l will beg
your permission to say a few words concern
ing our work.
General Bldwell was once a good Prohibi-
tionist; so was Henry French and Chauncey
Dunn, but they have quit our ranks ana arc
now flying the free-silver kite. Our party has
been greatly strengthened by their departure,
and we expect to poll 20,000 votes in this
State for Lovering and Johnson, our National
candidate*. Our platform this year is a clean
cut one— advocating but one thing, namely,
the prohibition of the liquor traffic. We have
left the money question and the tariff ques
tion out of our platform, for the purpose of
giving our members free rein to vote on these
questions as they like. Our single plank de
veloped the fact th»it there were some men in
our ranks who were Prohibitionists for no
other purpose in the world than to fly a kite
with several tails to it. Our kite will not
stand more than one tail, and it must bang
straight down against the saloon business.
Here in Elinhurst we have recently built a
$25, 000 sciioolhouse in which to train our
children for good citizenship. The State of
California has permitted several saloons to
exist here to undo our good work. Tue same
political wisdom that sustains the school
should abolish the saloon.
There is a tremendous howl of hard times in
this county— one of the most prolific counties
in the State of California; yet in the face of
this fact our Supervisors have permitted 500
saloons to do business in this county.
Let me give some figures :
Total number of saloons 500
Average dally sak«, each «j 0
Total sales per day (500 saloons) $10 000
Total sales per week «7o'oO(J
I'otal sales per month fHOI/000
Total sales per year $3,t>00,'000
Out of this vast sum the Supervisors exact
but $100,000 yearly lrom the liquor-dealers,
or $200 each, for county license.
After the citizens of the county have con
sumed $3,600,000 worth of liquor what have
they to show lor it?
Had this vast sum of money been spent with
merchants and manufacturers there would
have been no cry of hard time in Alameda
County.
Chief of Police Lloyd oi Oakland has Just
issued his annual report, which shows tnat
more than half the arrests in the city of Oak
land were the result of drunkenness. Prohi
bition, then, would lessen crime one-half
lessen the labors of the Police Court one-half
and would reduce tne number of policemen
one-half.
There are 240,000 saloons in America col
lecting from the people in one year enough
money to pay off the eutireNutional debt.
If the receipts of the saloons will average $20
a day each ihen the American people swallow
81.752,000,000 worth of rum every twelve
month?. If these figures seem larsre divide it
by twoand the result is 5£876,000,000.
Any political party that will devise a scheme
of financial economy that will save an equal
sum of money to the people should do so at
once. Narioiml prohibition will do it. Ana
now, Mr. Editor, with yonr permission I wpula
like to ask your readers if there is one of them
that can give me a better remedy for the cure
of the present linancial i!lsof our country than
the Katiouai aboiniou of the liquor traffic.
Wood Redlac(W. G.)
Elmhurst, Alameda County, Cal.
THERE IS A DIFFERENCE.
Chicago Times-Herald.
John P. Irish of California, who was easily
the foremost orator at the Indianapolis con
vention, has 0110 peculiarity in his personal
attire. He never wears a necktie. At the Chi
cago convention O'Brien Moore of St. Louis
and Washington, an ardent supporter of Mr.
Bland for the Presidential nomination, no
ticed Irish's fad and said to him: "Mr. Irish,
I see you and Mr. Bland have one thing in
common." "What is that?" asked the eloquent
Californian. "Wnv, neither of you wear a
necktie." Mr. Irish evidently did not like this
very well, for he replied with some acerbity
in his voice, "But there is a great difference
between Mr. Bland and myself, too. You don't
I see any tobacco juice on my shirt front, do
I you? Well, the man who hasn't the physical
; or intellectual ability to expectorate over the
■ buttons on his vest is not fit to be President of
the United States."
LADY'S WAIST WITH NEW SLEEVE
AND YOKS FRONT.
An exquisitely dainty gown is illustrated be
low. It is of white and black striped silk.
The battlemented yoke is edged with narrow
black velvet. The frill is white mousseline de
soie with black dots. A ruffle of this is also
set in the top of the collar, which like the belt
is of shaded green ribbon. The belt is one of
the latest fnncies, being much wider than
those lately worn, wrinkled about the form
and ending in bows in the back.
A striped silk in the autumn shades made
after model was very pretty and exceedingly
stylish, for the new sleeves and belt with the
novel yoke iront make it extremely striking.
A gown of brown silk had the yoke of white
satin covered with lace. The belt and collar
were of the green and blue silk, with a frill of
the same lace at the top of collar.
The waist fastens in the center front, the
yoke and collar hooking on the left side.
There is a fitted lining which may be omitted
for wash dresses, cutting the gathered one,
sewing it to the yoke and fastening at under
arm seam. A shallow facing cut alter lining
makes the stay to which the sleeve is sewn.
The skirt has eleven gores, which is specially
adapted for silk or goods only twenty-two
inches wide.
MR. BRYAN AS A PROPHET.
In a speech delivered in the House of Repre
sentatives March 16, 1892, Hon. William J.
Bryan gave voice to the iollowing utterances,
which tend to show how far the Boy Orator oi
the Platte can be relied upon as a sage or as a
prophet:
If it (the Democratic party) comes, Mr. Chair
man, Into power in all of the departments of ihi«
Government it will not destroy industry it will
not Injure labor: bu». it will save to the men who
produce the wealth of thecountrv a lar-er nortion
of thut wealth. It will brlug prosperity and joy
and happiness uot to a few, but to every one with
oot regard to station or condition.
MR. DANA'S ADVICE TO DEMOCRATS
Our advice to Democrats is to keep the main
chance steadily in mind. A vote for McKin
ley is worth two votes for Palmer as an instru
ment for tha defeat of Bryan. First let us save
the Republic and fortify it 3 institutions by «
tremendous a majority against repudiation
and revolution as patriotism can insure. Ad
mire the spirit displayed at Indianapolis take
off your hats to John McAuley Palmer and
Simon Bolivar Buckner, cheer them to the ton
of your voice, not only as fine old types of
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
" ABSOLUTELY PURE
Northern and Southern Democracy, but also as
tne advance guard of a Democratic column
starting out for further victories; and then * 0
to the polls aud clear the way for the new
Democracy by firing directly at Bryan a ballot
for William McKinley !— New York Sun.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
By the time they have a chance to vote a
number of Western States will do quite as well
as Vermont. — Kansas City Journal.
Tom Watson is calling for Mr. Sewall to re
sign. Watson ought to have a new nerve tonic
named for him.— Minneapolis Journal.
If, as Watson says, Sewall is only the
soothing syrup for the goldbugs, Watson must
be tho colic— New York Mail and Express.
This is a bread-and-butter campaign. Wage
earners are not a bit deceived by the currency
cry of the free-traders.— American Economist.
Wanted— A capable hypnotist who can make
a man believe that he is really a Vice-Presi
dential possibility.- -T. Walson.-Washington
Post.
If we understand Candidate Bryan, the fall
of Adam wes a trifling occurrence compared
to the demonetization of silver.— Kansas City
Journal.
It is to be hoped • that no talebearer will
whisper to Mr. Bryan the embarrassing fact
that he has been nominated by the Populists.
Washington Post.
Everybody wants to see young Mr. Bryan
now. They know it's their last chance, for he
is going to disappear soon. — Cincinnati Com
mercial-Tribune.
Blaming Bryan for stumping the country is
all wrong, if he doesn't keep moving now are
the people to remember that he is in the race?
— Kansas City Journal.
There ii a difference between restoring pros
perity by cheapening money and restoring it
by profitable industry that will demand the
labor of all idle hands.— Rochester Democrat
and Chronicle.
The Democrats are making a great cry about
the present very low prices for farm products.
About all the farmers understand, though, that
they are Democratic prices, and the way to
get higher prices is to restore tbe Republican
party to power.— Greenfield (lud.) Republican.
As Bryan announces that his policy will en
rich everybody he means to turn the whole
country into a den of "plutocrats"— a kind of
people he now professes to hate. Bryan hasn't
any personal objection to being a plutocrat.
Plutocracy is only a bad thing when it is oa
the other fellow.— Minneapolis Journal.
Bloomfield— lsn't it odd that Mr. Bryan
should make it a point of going to church every
Sunday?
Bellefield— What ia there bo very odd about
it?
Bloomfield— That Is the only place where ha
has no opportunity to talk.— Pittsburg Chroni.
cle-Telegraph.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"We Democrats have taken the silver d&iay
for our financial emblem."
"Yes; but observe — it is the (cold center that
holds the petals together."— Puck.
Hobson— Do you still believe in silver, Dob
son?
Do bson— Certainty I do.
Hobson— Well, there's a gold dollar, that
squares the two I borrowed from you the other
day.— New York Commercial Advertiser.
"Pop, what i« Inertia?"
"Well, if I have it it is pure laziness, but if
your mother has it it is nervous prostration."
—Chicago Record.
Young Husband— Where in thunder is that
plug hat of mine?
Young Wife— You know that you said it
needed ironing.
"Yes."
"Well, dear, I Ironed it."— Detroit Free Press.
Jaymore — Has Glbbfn's novel sold very well?
Gazley — I understand the first edition is ex
hausted.
Jaymore^ — Wh at I
Gazley — Well, it has stood on the counter
long enough to be. — Roxbury Gazette.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Salisbury plays a gooa game of bil
liards, although he has an aversion to that
particular form of amusement by daylight.
TJmra Eahn, the Pathau chief who fought
against the British in Chitral last year, has ar
rived in Bombay, on his return from his pil
grimage to Mecca.
Ferdinand Gumbert, who died recently In
Germany at the age of 78, wrote 400 songs,
which in their time were intensely popular,
but they are fast falling Into neglect.
Miss Martha Van Rensselaer of Randolph,
N. T.| who has already served as School Com
missioner of Cattaraugus County, has been
renominated lor the same office by the Repub
licans.
The late John Millais started out to "spirit
ualize art," but when his work became a fash
ionable fad he ended by living in the finest
possible house and eating the best possible
dinners.
Lady Georglanna Grey, aunt of Earl Gray, is
nearly 100 years of age, but, though she is
not very brisk upon her legs, manages to keep
informed on politics and the talk of the
day by having guests at dinner almost every
night. _»_________
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.*
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 23c*
California glace fruits, 50c a pound, in Japan,
ese baskets. Townsend's, Palace Hotel bldg.*
Glasses 15c. Sunday 7SB Mrkt. Kast ahocstore.*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Patronize Home Industry.
Viaaliß Delta.
Germany is advocating the boycott of Amerl.
can bicycles on patriotic grounds. Americans
should discontinue the use of foreign manu
factured articles on the same grounds.
College Tarty.
A party of college people and their friends will
leave for Chicago and various Eastern universities
on next Tuesday evening, the 15th of S«ptemb«r.
They have chartered » special Northern Pacific,
tourist car, upholstered In leather, and no objec
tionable person will be admitted. For really first
class accommodations at second-class rates, this is
the finest excursion of tne year. Reservations are
now being made, but a few more will be admitted.
For full information apply to T. K. Stateler, gen
eral agent Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market
street, fc-an Francisco.
Are Yon Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Kail road— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for tnetranv
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeplaj
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket; office, 6-U Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland
1118 Broadway.
Dr. Sikoiht'B Angostura Bitters are the best
remedy tor removing indigestion and all diseases
of the digestive organs.
As an expectorant Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Instantly relieves the bronchial tubes of tha
mucus that obstructs and irritates them.
Fall styles Standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.SATURDAY SEPTEMBER IS, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baibtttn- Thkateb.— "Madame San* Gene."
California Thkatkb.—" On the Bowery."
Coittmbia Thkatkb— "The Wife."
KoFOFro's urKBA-HonsK— -The Great Brook-
lyn Handicap."
Tivom OpKBA-HotrßK.— ■II Trovatore." 1
OBPHECM-Hlph-ciass Vaudeville.
aicazah Thkateb.-"A11 the Comforts of
Home.
fcTTTso Baths— Bathing and performances.
,«> T , THE Chtjtks— Dally at llalght street,
tee clock east of the Park.
Circus— At Central Park.
... W .5 C » HANIC *' InBtitutk Pavilion— Twenty-
Blnth Industrial Exposition.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A brofcen trolley wire starts runaway horses
flown Kearny street.
The McKinley Invincibles held a rousing
meeting at the Auditorium last night.
Ben Rose, a stow away on one of the Arctic
whalers, died at Port Clarence last June.
Mrs. Esther German, who has been married
thirteen times, is being sued for a divorce.
There was a very large attendance at last
night's woman suffrage rally at Mission Opera
Hall.
A successful performance was given last
nieht in Odd Fellows' Hall by the Sons of Ver
mont.
Two stowaways were put on the pilot-boat
Bonita by the captain of the Peter Jebsen yes
terday.
The Election Commissioners dropped a nnm
ber of names from the registration roll yes
terday.
Jennings Bryan has offended
thousands of voters by his antagonism to civil
service.
Captain Stewart Menzies, who has been on
the sick list for several months, is able to be
about again.
Great preparations have been made for the
fourth annual picnic of the Knights of the Red
Branch Bines.
Charles Harney, a member of the Union
Paving Company, was injured in a runaway
accident yesterday.
Charles Cavill, the famous swimmer, will at
tempt to swim across the Uolden Gate on Sun
day, September 20.
Two stakes in which the pick of the local
hounds are entered are offered for to-morrow's
running at Ocean View.
A cup match between the Pacific and
California cricket clubs will be played to
morrow at Golaen Gate.
The destruction of more buildings will be
considered at n special meeting of the Board
of Health to be held to-day.
Miss Lena Losechamps, who until recently
worked as a domestic, has come into a fortune
through an aunt in Germany.
A grand concert, test scarce and dance was
given under the auspices of the California
State Spiritualists' Association.
The Attorney-General holds that the City
Justice or the Peace of Sacramento is to remain
in office for a term of four years.
A rousing: meeting was held by the Thirty
fifth Assembly District Republican Club at
3008 Mission street last evening.
Judge Slack yesterday got the Fair will case
down for trial October 5. Mrs. Oelrichs and
Virginia Fair were present m court.
The San Francisco Furniture Manufacturing
Company was attached yesterday. It is be
lieved other attachments will follow.
Captain Lees appears to believe that the
great plot to loot the First National Bank of
Los Angeles was hatched in this City.
Box 57 announced a $500 fire in Mrs. Gash
man's house, at 631 Second street, at half-past
10 last evening. The house was fully insured.
The Municipal League of Wheelmen last
night named a candidate for Superintendent
of Streets and two candidates for Supervisors.
The circus people entertained 2000 orphans
gratis yesterday. This afternoon and to
night's performances will be the last this
year.
It is requested that a race over the cnannel
course between the yachts Catherine and
Fawn, Just for the glory oi the thing, is a pos
sibility.
Increasing cloudiness, with conditions
favorable for showers Saturday night and Sun
day morning— Local Forecast Official A. G.
McAdie.
The War Department has ordered all the
old guns at Fort Point, Lime Point, Fort
Mason and the Presidio returned to Washing
ton. D. C.
Auditor Broderick has made up his mind
that the 20 per cent raise by the State Board
of Equalization applies for municipal as well
as State purposes.
Fire Marshal Towe says that the fire at 920
Po-t street was started by some acquaintance
of Mrs. Niles, the occupant, lor the purpose of
concealing a theft.
Julius Aliain, a French sailor, was taken
from his ship yesterday, and will probably be
■ent to France for trial on a charge of having
6tabbed a shipmate.
Captain Colin Thompson, a machinist of this
City, has built a water-bike, or aquacycle, or
•■baycycle," which he expects to speed up to
twelve miles an hour.
The Jury in the case of the Socialists, ar
rested for obstructing the sidewalk, failed to
agree yesterday in Police Judge Conlan's court
and the case was continued.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles will
give a picnic at Shell Mound Sunday. The
proceeds wiil go to the relief of the recently
discharged Irish-American prisoners.
A large and enthusiastic audience as-
Eembled at Saratoga Uall last night to listen
to addresses on campaign issues by Attorney
M. M. Barnett and Benjamin L. McKinley.
A. L. Morgenstera, son of the Supervisor, is
Foreiy perplexed over the washhouse of Quong
Wah on a lot adjoining that upon which he
had intended to erect a handsome residence.
At yesterday's session of the Winthrop trial
several letters written by the defendant and
very prejudicial to his case were admitted in
evidence. The case was continued till 10 a. m.
Monday.
Half the 5000 persons admitted to the Fair
yesterday were school children freely admit
ted for the educational influence of such an
exhibition. To-day girls and boys will dance
in the Pavilion for prizes.
R. J. Jackson, saloon-keeper at 664 Broder
ick street, procured a warrant yesterday for
the arrest of John Gamier for taking a glass of
whisky and a glass of beer, valued at 25 cents,
and declining to pay for them.
Mrs. Lucy W, Auzerais-Hoyte yesterday filed
her answer to the suit of her dressmaker for
$419 for services. She claims that the modiste
overcharged her to the extent of $2000, and
sets up a counter claim for that amount.
Sol Simon, the cowboy detective, was ar
rested yesterday for ielony embezzlement, and
was soon after charged with misdemeanor em
bezzlement. Both cases were over type
writing machines, which he is accused of ap
propriating.
The Board of Education last evening adopted
resolutions in which the Board of Supervisors
is invited to confer on the subject of increas
ing the appropriation for the School Depart
ment above the figure agreed upon by the
Supervisors.
The increase of the assessment roll by the
State Board of Equalization directly benefits
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company, as it
reduces the rat© on its fixed valuation of
$36,000,000, and makes its tax bill consider
ably lighter.
The typewriter left by Morgan, the dead
train-robber, at his City headquarters on East
street, was identified yesterday as the ma
chine stolen from the Visalla office of the
Puget Sound Lumber Company last April
when the office was looted and the safe blown
to pieces.
A free clinic has been added to Bt. Joseph's
Hospital ou Park Hill, where poor patients
will be treated Saturday morninps. The hos
pital has the first aseptic operating-room in
San Francisco, and this, with the ndvice of a
staff of prominent physicians, wilt be at the
disposal of the poor.
The deposition of B. F. Hudelson, in connec
tion with the suit which has begun against
him for alimony, was taken at Reel B. lerry's
office yesterday. Mr. Hudelson denied that he
ever was m«rriea to the plaintiff, or that he
has ever acknowledged her as his wife or in
troduced her as such.
Suit for Stock.
A. G. Platt has filed a suit against H. B. Ha
venf, the Crescent Mining Company, et al.,
praying that the mining company be com
jieiled to issue to him a certificate for 99,900
shares of its capital stock.
Platt claims that be bought the stock at a
Sheriff's sale, held under an execution on a
judgment obtained by Platt against Haven.
Only ten shares 01 the stock stood in Haven s
name on the books of the company, the other
99,950 being credited to A. K. Dubrow, trustee.
Trunks Moved 25 Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Xeiopnoue Main 49. Keep your caeciu lor us. *
The Steamer Peter Jebsen, En Route for the Sound, Found Two Stowaways Aboard Yesterday Morning. She Signaled
the Pilot-Boat Bonita and Sent the Men Aboard Her in the Steamer's Boat.
STOWAWAYS WHO
WERE CAPTURED
They Were on the Peter
Jebsen Bound for the
Sound.
CAUGHT IN THE ACT.
Put Aboard the Pilot-Boat Bonita
and Landed in San
Francisco.
A POOR ARCTIC SHOWING.
None of the Whalers Have Mads
Remunerative Catches This
Season.
Two disappointed and disheartened sail
ors were walking the water front yester
day. They stowed away on the collier
Peter Jebsen, but were discovered before
the vessel crossed the bar and were put
aboard the pilot-boat Bonita before the
whistling buoy was reached.
The men expected to beat their way to
British Columbia. There was nothing do
ing in San Francisco and the chances
were good for a job under a protective
Government. Being short of funds they
stowed away in the Jebsen, but were
caught before the vessel reached the neu
tral grounds. According to the story told
by the stowaways they went aboard as
coal-passers. For two days and nights
they suffered, but when the steamer sailed
they thought all their trouble was over.
They made a sad mistake, however, as
the Jebsen. contrary to expectations, was
run inshore and the runaways were put
aboard the Bonita. The pilot-boat was
sent back to San Francisco and all arrived
yesterday morning. The chances are that
no one will De arrested, as the owners of
the Jebsen do not care about prosecuting
the case.
Charles Weeks left here for Alaska two
seasons ago. Last year he did well at
Cooks Inlet, and this year sent word to his
friends here that he was coming home.
When paying a visit to some friends he
got on thin ice and sank into the icy
waters of the Arctic. His friends watched
his struggles, but could lend no assistance.
He sank out of sight in a few minutes, and
the body was never recovered. Weeks was
well known in water-front circles in San
Francisco.
News from the Arctic by the Peking, via
Yokohama, gives the Kate and Ann a
catch of GOO sealskins and 14 sea-otter
sKins. The schooner was to remain on the j
Japan coast for a couple of weeks and then !
come home. The bark Gayhead sent home
2242 pounds of whalebone, but the season
was not a success. Last June she left
Dutch Harbor for the Arctic, and if the
prospects are good she will winter at
Herscbel Island. If not she will return to
Ban Francisco. In any event provisions
and the replenishing of the slopchest will
go up on the next tender.
The British ship Kavenscourt holds the
record for quick work. She. was loaded in
sixteen hours and is now in the stream
ready to sail for Europe. Captain McLean
takes the whole performance as a matter
of course, but there are a . dozen -.; ship
masters in port who are 'willing to bet that
he will never again duplicate the perform
ance.
In respect to the whalers, a private let
ter states: "The Mermaid gave it up and
left Port. Clarence for Unalaska. No
whales in sight. The Rosario got through
and the Horatio followed her fifteen days
later. .The Hidalgo got in with a record
of two whales, and the Narwhal and
Thrasher with : one each. Whales are
scarce, but all the ships are doing well
with trade bone. •. .
"Ben Rose, - who '. stowed away on the
Horatio, died and was buried at sea. He
did good work after the captain had rated
him, bat the climate was against him."
The whale caueht off Point Fur has
been released. The people' of Sausalito
could not stand the odor, so the mammal
had to be released. : : -■ .
The steamer Strathgarry has not been
heard from for. over a month. She left
here with a cargo of wheat for Europe,
and when off Central America broke ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
down. The mate was sent ashore to ob
tain assistance, but so far nothing has
spoken her. Insurance men are very anx
ious over the existing etate of affairs, and
bets are plentiful on 'Change. The con
| secsusof opinion is that the steamer has
drifted in a northeriy direction and will
bring up in the neighborhood of the
I Hawaiian Islands.
Captain Tulloch of the Brenda is well
again. He will take his ship to sea next
week.
\V. A. Thornley and his bear got back
from Stockton yesterday. Mr. Thornley
is of the opinion that his native son is
worth at least $1000.
Captain Stewart Menzies is once more
in the ring. The popular stevedore has
been on the sick list for over a month, but
now he is on his legs again and bis many
friends are glad to see him around.
A WARRANT FOR 25 CENTS.
R. J. Jackson, a Saloon-Keeper, Wants
a Customer Punished.
The sum of 25 cents was deemed suffi
cient for the issuance of a bench warrant
from Police Court No. 3. R. J. Jackson,
who applied for the instrument, is a
saloon-keeper at 664 Broderick street. He
claimed that John Gamier bought a glass
of whisky and a glass of beer in his place
last Wednesday, and took them outside
the saloon but never returned. Jackson
thought that the liquor and glasses were
worth a quarter of a dollar.
W. A. bamuels, a butcher at 1208 Scott
street, secured a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of his former clerk, Robert Stolle,
whom he accused of embezzling $43.
A warrant was also issued for the airest
of Edward Coyle on a charge of burglary.
Alexander Kearny, living at 22 Clemen
tina street, swore that Coyle broke into 22
Clementina street August 22 and stole car
penter's tools.
WILL HOLD FOUR YEARS
The Attorney-General on the
Term of a Justice of the
Peace.
A Case From Sacramento Which
Bears Upon the Tenure of
Office Bill.
Some doubt seems stills to exist in cer
tain quarters as to the effect of the deci
sion in the recently decided case of Hale
against McGettigan upon the tenure of
office by city and county officers outside
of San Francisco. The aa'swer of the Hon.
Attorney-General to a question by the
Mayor of Sacramento will, therefore, be
of interest:
San Francisco, Sept. 2, 1896.
C. IT. Hubbard Esq., Mayor of Sacramento,
Sacramento, Col.— Dear Sir: lam in receipt of
your favor ol the 27th ult., in which you re
quest my opinion "as to whether or not the
City Justice of the Peace of the city of Sac
ramento is entitled to hold office for the term
of two or four years."
in the ease of People vs. Sands, 102 Cal., 12,
it was held where ihe appointment of the City
Justice of Oakland was under consideration
that 'the office of a Justice of the Peace is a
creation of the constitution. Such an officer is
elected at the general State election and quali
fies under the general Btate law. The
charter did not create the office of Justice of
the Peace, and under the authority of Ex
Parte Ah You, 82 Cal., 339, and the People
acainst Toal, 85 Cai., 333, could not have done
so if its framers and the Legislature had ao
attempted." (See opinion page 17.)
Fmm this it follows that the City Justice of
the Peace of the city of Sacramento must be
elected in the same manner and at the same
time as the law prescribes for other Justices of
the Peace of Sacramento County.
-.cSfo'i 01158 of the c °unty government act of
1893 (Statutes of 1803, 300) defines a Justice
of the Peace as a township officer, and section
60 of the same act (Statutes of 1893, 367) pro
vides that "all elective county and tow n> hip
officer*, except otherwise provided for in this
act, shall De elected at the peneral election to
be held in November, 1895, and every four
years thereafter unless otherwise herein Dro
yided."
lv i h f J ecent ca(!e of Hftle vs. McGettigan,
decided by the Supreme Court on August 25,
189b, which i« not yet reported, it was held
that this provision is constitutional. I am,
therefore, of the opinsoa that the City Justice
of the Peace of Sacramento is entitled to hold
office for the term ot four years. Respectfully,
W. F. Fitzgerald, Attorney-General.
The Liveliest of the Weeklies.
Of all the weekly journals published in
San Francisco the News Letter is undoubt
edly the brightest and most entertaining.
The editorial staff is composed of some of
the ablest writers on the Pacific Coast, and
by adhering to a cautious and honest
policy it has won for itself a host of
friends. The many departments in the
paper, covering the literary iield from
pathos to satire, are all remarkably bright,
and the standard never falls below the
high mark set for it. The dramatic criti
cisms are especially entertaining, and are
entirely free from prejudice. This week
the News Letter is established in its new
quarters, comer of Kearny and Geary
streets.
GOLD DEMOCRAT
FOR McKINLEY
Arrival of Louis Wind
muller, the New York
Financier.
HOW HE SEES THE FIGHT
The East Safe, and Republicans
of Delaware, Maryland
and Kentucky.
A BATTLE FOR FOUR STATES.
lowa All Right, but a Hammcr-and-
Tongs Contest in Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan and Wisconsin.
Louis Windmuller, a wealthy merchant
and gold Democrat of New York, arrived
here Thursday and is at the Palace. He
is an able speaker and writer on financial
questions, and has letters from General
Clarkson to C. M. Shortridge, John D.
Spreckels and other Republicans here.
Mr. Windmuller has an article in the
current number of Harper's Weekly on
"What a Democrat Expects From Major
McKinley," in which he warmly com
mends the Republican candidate for
President on his stand on the financial
question. He will have another article on
the money question in the October issue
of the North American Review.
"I have especially turned my attention
to this subject," he said last night, "be
cause it interests me greatly, and I am
with McKinley heart and soul. As a gold
Democrat 1 do not want to see Mr. Bryan
elected.
"About Bryan's speeches, well, they are
simply laughing at them. Those crowds
don't mean anything. The people simply
go to see what kind of a man he is, he has
been so much tailed about. But don't
understand that I underestimate his
strength. I do not. This is a fight and
will be down to tne close of the day of the
election.
"1 spent a good deal of time In Chicago,
and I looked the field over pretty carelully
all the way along as 1 came out. The Re
publicans are doing some big work in
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, lowa, Michigan,
Minnesota ana Wisconsin.
"The East is ail right. The Sooth, I
NEW TO-DAT. j
§We are the drugr-cutters of \p£j
San Francisco. Fifty per cent m - j£
saved on the price of prescrip- - **^§|p%
tions, as we pay no percent- /«»*
ages to physicians.
Trasses . — . . . . — . $1.50. j Kola C0rdia1. ............. .55e
Electric Belts ......... $4 to $25 Lola Montcz Cream .......... 65c
Elastic Stockings. . . . .... . .$2.50 Swift's Specific-. ... . . ........
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries.;. . . .$1 size. 65c -$1.75 size. $1.25
.... ... ... ..... $4 to $25 DR. SCOTT'S CATARRH CURE,
Hall's Catarrh Cure . ....... 50c six months' treatment (trial
Cntieura Resolvent.. 70c free) ..:... .. ... .... .$3.50
Lambert's Listerine. .Gsc Appels Enamel . .... .... .* . .40c
Pinkham's Compound . . . ... . 65c Quinine Pills, 2 grain, per 100. .25c
Mine. Tray's Prescription. .. . . .75c Averts, Beecliam's,Schenck's Pills. .lsc
Take TODD'S HEALTH TABLETS and you will need no more pills, price. .25c
NO=PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 MARKET ST., Bet. sth and 6th, south side. %
presume, Bryan will set, with the excep
tion of probably Delaware, Maryland and,
I think, Kentucky. It looks as though
McKinley would carry the latter State.
"Then there is Illinois, Minnesota,
Indiana and Michigan that the Republi
cans must do a lot of work in to make
eortain. lowa, they think, is all right.
Wisconsin they believe is, too. Altgeld
seems to be a little more popular as a man
in Illinois than Tanner, else there would
be no doubt there, for there is not an
English newspaper that is not for Mc-
Kinley.
"The further west I came the more silver
men I found. I have been talking the
money questiou all day in the train. We
hnve talked of nothing else. Seme of them
aaid I was such a handy talker for gold
they wished some of their ablest silver
men were here to talk with me, and I said
I was ready any time, and would be glad
to talk over the matter with them. I shall
be in California probably about a week."
Mr. Windraulier is one of the most con
spicuous gold Democrats among the mer
chant? of New York. He is widely known.
THE JURY DISAGREED.
Could Not Determine if the Socialists
Were Guilty of Obstructing the
Sidewalk.
Police Court 2 was crowded with Social
ists yesterday during the trial of one of
their comrades for obstructing the street.
Much interest was taken in the proceed
ings by the Socialist fraternity, but the
trial had a disappointing conclusion.
Charles D. Sunflower was on trial, and
T. F. Bnrns, A. Deiaroche, Manuel Bat
tana and Leon Brown, his fellow-defend
ants, declared they would abide by the de
cision in his case. The defendant* were
arrested August 29, opposite Odd Fellows'
Hall, for obstructing the sidewalk. They
demanded and got a jury trial yesterday.
Policeman Whalen, D. Cohen and Sun
flower testified as to the facts of the arrest,
and the defense maintained that the
meeting was a public one. The jury spent
an hour in trying to arrive at a verdict,
but gave it up for a bad job, and were dis
charged. They would not agree, although
the defense wanted a conviction, so that
the case could be carried to the Supreme
Court. This the Judge tried to tell the
jury without actually instructing to find
a verdict of guilty. At last lie dismissed
them and stated he would hear the case
again next Monday.
A motion then will be made to dismiss.
MRS. HOYT'S ANSWER.
Says Her Dressmaker Cheated Her Out
of Over Two Thousand
Dollars.
Lucy W. Auzerain-Hoyte is still waglnp
warfare, more or less effective, in the
courts. Yesterday she filed her answer to
the suit of Mile. A. Truffert, the dress
maker, who is seeking to recover $419 25
alleged to be due for dressmaking.
Mrs. rioyte in her answer alleges that
instead of being in debt to Mile. Truffert,
the modiste is really in debt to Mrs. Hoyte.
It is claimed that during the past two
years the matter of fashionable gowns
overcharged her patron to the extent of
$2000. Judgment for the defendant is
therefore asked in that sum.
Suit for Services.
F. O. Frailer has sued Hanson & Co. for $1150
for services rendered.
THE TAX RATE
MAY BE REDUCED
Broderick Says the Raise
Applies to the Entire
City.
M'ENERNEY'S OPINION
The New Tax Law Held to Have
Repealed the Consolida
tion Act.
LEVY OF LESS THAN A DOLLAR
No Difference in the Amount to Be
Paid by the Property-Owner,
However.
If Auditor Broderick's calculations are
not amiss the result of the action of the
State Board of Equalization in raising
San Francisco 20 per cent will be that the
rate for municipal purposes will be re
duced to about 94.5 cents- on the $100, pro
vided, of course, that the Board of Super
visors does not take it upon itself to
change materially the appropriations as
they hare already been decided on.
Mr. Broderick differs with Colonel Tay
lor, chairman of the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, in his ideas
about the raise. The latter believes that
the raise should apply only to that pro
portion of tne total valuation that is neces
sary to furnish the State tax, while the
latter looks upon the raise as applying to
the entire City valuation.
He bases his belief on the following
opinion that was furnished him by Attor
ney Garret McEnerney, who has gone care
fully into the matter:
The action of the State Board oi Equalization
raising our assessment roll 20 per cent raises
it for municipal purposes as well as State pur
poses. In 188U the Supreme Court decided
(Baldwin vs. Ellis, (58 (Jal., 493) that the State
Board of Equalization has power to increase or
lower the assessment roll of a county so as to
affect taxes for county purposes. The court
points out in this decision that the rule is of
no practical consequence, for the reason that,
as the assessed value increases, the rate de
creases.
In September, 1891, the State board increased
Sau Franci»oo 30 per cent. At that time and
under the old law the Supervisors had fixed
the rate at 103. The consolidation act at that
time required the act to be fixed in June. If
the 30 per cent was to be added for municipal
purposes it would collect from the taxpayers
$900,000 more than was needed for municipal
purposes.
Judge HcKitJstry's opinion was obtained
upon the matter. He advi6ed that San Fran
cisco was governed by the consolidation act,
and as it required the local tax to be fixed be
fore the State board would equalize the roll,
an Increase should not be allowed to afTect the
roll for loc-al purposes. Otherwise, 30 percent
more than was required would be collected
for municipal purposes. He furthermore
showed that the case of Balclwiu against Ellis
was founded upon a section of the Political
Code which required the counties to fix their
rate after the Siaie board equalized the roll,
and consequently the counties could never be
compelled by the action of the State board lo
collect more than they required, because the
Supervisors could reduce the tax rate in the
same proportion that the State board increased
tne assessment roll. Acting upon Judge Mz-
Kmstry 'a advice two valuations were made
that rear — one for municipal purposes and the
other for State purposes.
■ rhe new tax law of 1895 (statutes 1895, p
308) has repealed the consolidation act on tax
ation and now Sau Francisco is governed by
the Political Code. Like all the counties of
the State our rate is now fixed on the third
Monday of September, which Is after the State
board equalizes the roll. So that now we know
the amount of the roll as fixed by the State
board before our Supervisor^ fix the rate for
municipal purposes. We are therefore in the
same position that Los Angeles County was
when the Supreme Court decided that the in
crease by the State board increases the roll for
county purposes. But as above pointed out
the increase does not add anything to the
NEW TO-DAT.
If a package of tea is short
weight expect it to cheat in
quality also.
Schilling's Best is true in
every respect. If you don't
like it, your grocer returns
your money in full.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 875
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
y^P**^ Til K AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ if r,N \ *" W EyENINO AT 8.
/ yWSw A THE TALK OF
b-hS^SW.^t ALL FRISCO!
SKi^ THE BUi show
OF THE WORLD!
/2^\^\ THE GREAT
f%tik ADAM and SELLS
jjjfa 4-PAW _ - BROS.
§ AMERICA'S
. ORKATEST SHOWS
. COSIBINED!
The Largest Menagerie
in the World.
4 810 CIRCUSKS 4
3OOSTAKAKTISTS-3O!)
100-GIUSAT ACTS— IOO
. Two . Herds of Performing
' Elephants. Kdncated Seals and
frea Lions. Two Great Hinpo-
, r*- -„ -•■■■ rotami. The on livinz Bhl-
!aa|yßJ-Sg noceros. Greatest l'erformlng
vJBBv^P" Beasts. Beyond all comparison
*w*'. •*-.-'•'■' - the largest, richest and moat
complete Arenlcand Zoological
enterprise in the world. Two performances Unllv
at 2 and Bp. jr. Doors oi-en an hour earlier.
Seating capacity 16,000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street. ''4&HHIHfRBBi'
Scale of .rrices: General admission 60c; chil-
dren under 9 years, half price: chairs on grand
rand, $1; private boxe« with six Beats, $9 00;
single seats in private boxes, $1 50.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, I.ARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
— THIS AFTERNOON
Saturday Afternoon, Sept. 12. FANCY DANCING
■ By Small Children. A Prizes.
TOTHG FOR THE FIVE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October I.
Prizes— Sterling Silver Trophies.
Admission 25c, Children 15c.
OPEN DA* AND EVENING,
kew to-day:
\ Smouldering fires
; of old disease
) lurk in the blood of many a
•') man, •who fancies himself in
<[} good health. Let a slight
]>) sickness seize him, and the
S> old enemy breaks out anew.
I The fault is the taking of
medicines that suppress, in-
> stead of curing disease. You
can eradicate disease and
purify your blood, if you use
the standard remedy of the
] world,
| Ayer's
I Sarsaparilla.
total amount to be collected for municipal pur
poses, because the rate should be lowered in
the same proportion that the roll is increased.
Under the state nf affairs mapped out ia
this opinion the levy will be about 94 5
cents, and is computed on the following
figures. The total amount to be raised is
£5,538,810, of which in round numbers
$3,950,000 must be from laxep, the remain
in? $1,650,000 being from other sources.
It has been computed that after all de
linquencies and doubtful valuation* are
eliminated there will be, under the 20 per
cent raise, $418,0<X),000 on which to calcu
late, giving 94 cents and a fraction. The
entire rate will come under $1 40.
Wills riled for Probate.
The will of Frank G. Miller, who left an $8000
estate to bis wife, has been filed for probate.
ilanley ('. Lawton'a wili has baen filed for
probate. He left an $1 8, 000 estate to his wife.
NEW TO-I* AT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
g^ AT THE . « 1 WEEK
I BALDWIN |j|4
In Which to See the English Version
Of Sanlon's Great Napoleonic Play,
"MADAME Mil Ml"
WITH KATHBVN KIDOEB IK
THE TITXK BOLE.
MATINEK TO-DAY.
■ NEXT WEEK
Third and Last Week of
"MADAME SANS GENE"
I f** ATTHE ii I TO-BIGHT!
CALIFORNIA I THIS AND
v/tLirunmn I NEXT WEEK .
MATINEE TO-DAY
The Great Big Comic Hit,
"ON THE BOWERY!"
Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BRODIE
Champion bridge Jumper of the World.
Vivid Pictures of Greater New York.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Kvenln?s— 2sc to $1. Matinees— 26o. 60c and 75<j
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
&iiu>. .o.K^ju»TW<a tvßmixfi .Proprietor iii.J.uu^^j;
Tli© Grand Opera Season
REPERTOIRE WEEK,
TO-NIGHT-
Verdi's Favorite Opera,
"IL TROVATORE I"
Ida Valeria. Bernice Holmes, Irene Mull, Mich-
elena, DeVrles, Abramoff, Torpi, Napoleonl, etc
Seats Now on Sale.
The .'Musical Event of the Season.
TO-MORKOW EVENING
First presentation of Hnmperdlncf« Fairy Idyl,
••HANSEL ...AX1).... 6BETELI"
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
TWCOIAhDLR^OTTIOD « o»- itas» A.notwnMW>—
THERE I BUT
IS I ONE
MATINEE PERFORMANCE OF—
"THE "\X7"X.JPJ3."
And that. Kern ember, this Afternoon by
—THE FRAWLKY COMPANY I
Souvenir Pho:o< to All Indies Attending of
WILTON LACKAVE.
Monday Next That Excruciatingly Funny Corned*
"A MATRIMONIAL MAZE."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKK MOROSUO, Sola Leases an! Maaazu
■ DON'T MISS IT
The Wonderful Race Comedy-Drama,
THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Third Week's Triumph of the Favorites,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, KD. J. HKRON,
Who will Introduce many
NEW SONUS, SEW SPECIALTIES AND
NKW DASCF-S.
Real Jockeys t Real iUcehoraes ! Real Fun!
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 500.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CVFarrell Ptree*., Leiwppn Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 7
Matinee 10-l)ay (Saturday). Sept. 19.
Parquet, any seat, 29c; Balcony, any seat, 10c.
Children, 10c, any part. .
BELLMAN AND MOORE, VASSAR QUARTET.
FERdUSON AND MACK. TEKRY AND
HLMER. nARGUERITB FURQESON.
Only one more night of Lydla Yeamans Titus,
Aluini, I'itroD and Nellie Maguire.
ShE FILSON AND ERROL.
THE TALK OF THE TOWN.
ALCAZAR.
•O'Farr-ll street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Bf.lasco, Doank & Joruax. Lessees <fe Managers.
j TWX^-TITXr333E3 to-day
Prices 1 sc, 25c and 35c.
The mirth-provoking farue-coiaedy,
"ALL THE COMFORTS Oh HOME."
By the Alcazar Stock Company.
Evening Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c and sOc.
TELEPHONE BLACK 991.
Secure your seats in advance ! Commencing
Monday, the great military comedy, "OURS."
The twins 'as the twinsey.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Rail way on .Earth!
COpen Daily from 1 to lIP. M.
Matinees To-Day and To-Morrow,
This Afternoon at 4:30 and Every Even-
ing at 10.
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From he Chutes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land in the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle. -
See the Performance in the CASINO I
QUEKNa DE It KIN. from Hotter & Bials.
BELLE KIRBY, Queen of Sword Walkers.
The ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS,
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions. -
ADMISSION 1O CENTS. .'.
Chllclren,lncludlng3lerry-'4o-Kound tube, 5 cent*
SUTRO BATHS:
. Open Daily from 7a. m. Until IX p. h.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Goners! Admission.- Adults 10c, Children 0«,
78
THE FIELD
OF SPORT
Tne Olympic Gun Clnb will hold what
prombes to be an interesting race before
the traps to-morrow at Alaineda. The
100 bird race should bring up a large num
ber of entries. The attention of the Game
Warden and Commissioners has been
called to the schemes concocted by profes
sional hunters who are shipping young
mallard ducks to this City in butter boxe*.
Bob Fitzsimmons is now apparently
very anxious to fight Jim Corbett, who
proved to the satisfaction of thousand*
when he boxed Sharkey in this City, that
he has seen his best days. If the Cor
nishman has not retrograded physically
since he departed from this City he should
whip Corbett now.
Coursing is one of the outdoor sports
which is rapidly gaining in support. The
two parks are doing a thriving busi
ness.
Football will soon be in full blast and
tiie college yell is not for off. Rowing,
rifle shooting, angling and other pastimes
are being well patronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
Road Races at San Rafael the
Featuro of the Sport To-morrow.
The road racing to-morrow at San Rafael
will attract many of the amateur riders
from this city and Oakland, and, no
doubt, a large number of spectators from
Marin County points. There are ver3' few
club runs called for the day, as many of
the club men have had a hard week of it,
owing to the different celebrations, and a
day of rest is quite welcome.
There will be considerable road racing
during the next few weeks, but save for
the meet at Eurekaon the 23d there are no
track events scheduled for the near future.
Road racing has a strong hold on the
wheelmen of this State, and the San
Leandro-Haywards course is said to be
the fastest live-mile stretch in the world.
The world's record for that distance was
made over it last fall, and has never been
beaten.
Robert L. Long, one of the Bay Citys'
crack professionals, will probably not ride
on the track any more. He stated before
the Stockton meet that it would be his
last race, as he dislikes tiie rigors of train
ing and prefers to and is able to do with
out the sport.
0. R. Coulter of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, who bas been on the National
circuit since it left here last spring, is go
ing to Denver shortly to try for nnpaced
records. Sanger will go there also as soon
as the circuit is over.
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
will hold a theater party toward tn>e end
of this month. The one la?t year about
this time was particularly enjoyable and a
repetition of that good time is promised.
Charles W. Hammer of the Bay City
Wheelmen, now resident in Santa Cruz,
has been in the City fo' several days. He
surprised his friends at the club by an-
C J. BIRDSALL, the Crack Rider of the California Cycling Quk
nouncing that he would be married on the
23d inst., and many of his clubmates will
go down to attend the ceremony.
The joint road race of the Garden City
Cyclers and Olympic Club Wheelmen, to
be held a week from to-morrow, from Mil
pitas to San Jose, has created considera
ble interest both among these and the
other clubs because of its novelty. The
handicapping will be done by L- C. "Hunter
for the Olympics and some member of the
Garden Citys, with suggestions from Offi
cial Handicapper Bmyth. Tho entries
will close toward the end of next week.
Bulletin No. 24, September 11, 1896:
Sanctions granted — September 30, Ormsby
County Fair Association, Carson City, New
Transferred to professional class— \V. K. Har
mon, Los Angeles, Cal.; J. E. Willoughby,
Watsonville, Cal.— under clause B.
Suspended— Phil Kitchen, Charles W. Btlm
son, F. A.' Bell, A. D. Tompkins, James \V.
Cowan, Los Angeles. Cal., pending investiga
tion.
Godfrey Schmidt, W. E. Harmon, Los Angeles,
Cal., for willfully competing in unsanclioned
races, until September 6, 1897.
T. Q. Hall, Los Angeles, Cal., for officiating at
unsanctioned races, until September 6, 1897.
J. Phil Percivai, Thomas McAleer, James
Ryan, Los Angeles. Cal., for officiating at un
sanctioued races, permanently.
Charles Shively, J. B. Barnes, William Hop
ping, William Thompson, Oby Guiltnor, How
ard Dobrowsky, Clarence Williams, Newt.
K.iton, Nels Osen. Charles Penner, Ed Reyn
olds, Al Young, Fred Klepner, Fred Smith,
Redding, Cal., for competing in unsnnciioned
races, until October 1, 1596. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
A number of the crack local road-riders
are already in training for the annual ten
mile handicap road race of the associated
clubs, to be held Sunday, October 11, from
High street, Fruitvale, to Haywards.
Chairman Stratum of the road-racing com
mittee is making preparations with his
usual care and forethought, and no doubt
the race will be handled with the same
skill and success which marked the
t« T enty-five-mile and relay events this
year under his supervision." The regular
meeting of the association will be held
Saturday evenine, October 3.
Fred C. Chandler left Thursday night
for Europe and will hereafter care for
London business.
Chandler had the respect of all the trade
here and was a very popular member of
the Bay City and Olympic clubs, which
have now lost a eood member.
George R. Burdick, who stands high in
National Guard circles here, will leave on
his wheel for a two weeks' vacation trip
this afternoon.
A hint for race-meet promoters, a mile
race for messenger- boys. Such a race was
recently run at the New York State Divi
sion meet and created unbounded enthu- i
siasm, since it was the first ever arranged j
for this proverbially slow element in the
list of public necessities.
The Acme Club Wheelmen have all re
newed their memberships in the League
of American Wheelmen, and it is to be
hoped the Garden City Cyclers, a large
number of whose memberships expire
this month, will do the same. The
league i<» progressing wonderfully well in
this State now and is constantly adding
to its roll some of the most prominent
men in the State's affairs. Local consuls
to whom special credit is due for the work
they have done are: R. M. Thompson of
Fresno, Victor TuttJe of Wutsonviile, S.
P. Wible of Bakersrield. J. L. Allen of
Mendocino, Orria S. Henderson of Stock- |
ton, and the gentlemen in charge of the j
Sacraments and Pleasanton districts.
Whose names have escaped me. Chief
Consul Kerrigan wilJ shortly give to the
press a record of the work done by all lo
cal consuls during his term, aud these
gentlemen should nearly head his "roll of
honor." There are others who have not
interested themselves in their work as
much as they might have, and some whose
districts were hard to work and whose re
turns are therefore not large, and this will
all be taken into consideration in the chief
consul's report.
It would not be a bad idea for some of
the local clubs that desire increased mem
bership to follow the example of the big
Eastern clubs, which give a credit of one
month's dues, and sometimes two, to any
one bringing in a new member. It is
found a splendid plan to increase a club's
membership legitimately.
Charles J. Birdsall of tne California
Cycling Club is making a reputation for
himself as a speedy amateur rider. For
instance, at San Jose last Wednesday he
roue second to Tantau, the Olympic crack,
in the third heat of the mile open, beating
Johnson of Redwood, who won the novice
in 2:17, Vine nt and Raynaud, Bay Citys,
and Borree of the Reliance Club. He won
the fourth heat of the two-thirds of a mile
handicap from a field of ten, with room to
spare. With slight improvement in his
present condition he should rant with the
best amateur riders of the coast. He is
"he son of Lieutenant Birdsail of the Po
lice Department. Spaldikg.
THE ANGLER.
Blowing Up the » rout of the Amer-
ican River— The Fly Casters.
Mr. Miller oi the Fly-casting Club has
completed three beautiful gold medals
which will be contested for by the mem
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
bers of the club at the annual tour nament
in November. In design they are truly a
work of art and reflect much credit en the
maker. The favorite flies of this State
represented on the medals in embossed
form are strikingly accurate and of beau
tiful coloring.
John Lemmer was very successful last
week in catching some large black bass in
one of the lakes not far distant from this
City. Eighteen bass taken by the angler
scaled 47J^ pounds.
Anglers who prefer the fly to the spoon
have not enjoyed really good fishing on
the Truckee this season.
Trout are plentiful and that fact cannot
be gainsaid. It is the abundance of bottom
food that has destroyed the fly fishing,
and so long as the denizens of the crystal
waters can enjoy good living near the
rock> the devotees of fly-fishing need not
hope for the success they had in past
years, when the sawdust covered the
crustacean food upon which the fishes fat
ten and grow Jazy.
Mr. La Forge of Boca had excellent suc
cess during the past week on the Truckee
River. He uses a spoon of his own manu
iacture, which, when properly handled, is
death to the large trout of the* great moun
tain river.
John Butler has scoured out his "King
Salmon" basket, which is guaranteed to
hold a small ton of fishes, in anticipation of
the grand sport which he is certain to en
joy on the Lei River in a few weeks hence.
John Gallagher of Oakland and Mr. Pitcher
of San Mateo are now on the Eel, and ac
cording to latest reports those noted dis
ciples of '•steelhead*' and "Walton" are
having the grandest sport imaginable
trolling for the new arrivals from the
deep, deep sea.
Bass fishing in the Russian River still
continues to be first class. Two young
men who returned recently from Guerne
ville, on the line of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Coast Railroad, had excel
lent sport within half a mile of the town
at a place known as Korbels. In one aft
ernoon they landed twenty-three bass,
seven of which weighed over two pounds
each. They report having had their best
auccess on small frogs.
Charley Green, C. Morehouse and J.
Jones will leave to-day for Russian River,
and, of course, their friends are looking
forward to some beautiful messes of sweet
black bass.
The following letter from Mr. Muller
will give anglers and sportsmen an idea of
the protection that is given to trout on
parts of the American River, which should
be closely watched, as it is rapidly becom
ing a resort of anglers. The Fish Com
missioners should give the matter their
attention, as a pound of protection is
worth all of the stocsing that may be
done in live years. He says:
San Francisco, August 21, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
We have just returned irom our trip in the
Humbug mining district, bordering on the
American River, having spent four weeks very
Eleasantly visiting the various mines and in
unti:is und fishing. The fishing Is a matter
i wish you would bring before the Fish Com
missioners through your paper, as the indi
vidual having charge of this matter at Blue
Canyon reiuses to act.
During our first week fishing was good, as
the trout took the fly readily and ihero being
lots of fish visible in the deep holes. On Sun
day, August 2, two miners from the Pioneer
mine came up the river with giant powder
using hall-sticks in all the big holes. One
managed the powder, while the other stood
below at the most convenient shallow spot
picking up the dead fishes thai driited down.
That Sunday evening and the following morn
ing dozens of dead fish were floating in the
eddies or lying on the rocks, the result of a
day's shooting. The miners packed off two
sacks full of fish. The following Sunday they
came down and repeated the operation. From
that time on It was impossible for us to get a
fish from the Darcr miiio dam to Euchre Bar,
a distance of about six miles.
These men were spotted by all tne people
living along the river. Leo Dorer notified me
Fish Commissioner at Blue Canyon, giving the
names of the guilty parties and adding that he
would testiiy against lhe men in court, but
the worthy Commissioner never showed up to
arrest the men or even took notice of his com- |
muuication, to my knowledge. The Harlan
Brothers, who are running a mine on the river
bottom close to the Dorer mill, saw the men
shoot right in front of their claim and de
nounced the matter as being outrageous. I
took a trip up the river one day above the
Dorer mine dam and traveled from 5 a. m.
until 2 p. m. fishing the river and got but four
teen fish. Upon inquiry I was told that the
Chinese go up the river fishing with giant
powder and leave the canyon with baskets
lull. Last September I went over this same
grouna and saw fish in the water from two '
inches to two feet in length, and hundreds of j
them at that, but now it is almost impossible
to see a trout in half a mile.
John Tucker came up before I left, Intend
ing to stay a month fishing. He came down
three days after we had left, thoroughly dis
gusted. Two noted sportsmen went into the
canyon from Towles, having got mules from
Taylor. Ido not remember their names, but
Tayior of Towles knows them, and upon reach- |
Ing the river and hearing that shooting had
been going on they hurried back and returned
home the following morning in disgust. This
locality is seven miles southeast of Towles,
and extends up the north fork of the American
River at Euclire Bar. The scenery along this
route is grand, and the American is about the
finest streHm in the Stale ior trout. The Dorer !
mine dam is no obstruction to fish going up
stream, there being sufficient water at all
times running over for them to climb.
The inhabitants alung the river are loud In
their denunciation of "roasted-bait fishers,"
this being the term applied to those who use
giant powder.
If the mine superintendents conld be in
duced not to employ a miner using powder It
would be one way of stopping the evil. E. A.
Freuzel, superintendent of the Dorer, has inti
mated that he would discharge the first man
of his crew caught using the stuff.
The Chinese could be caught very easily If
the Commissioners were on the alert or wanted
to protect the trout in the river.
Hoping you will pardon my lengthy dis
cussion of this matter I will close, bnt I
promised the residents up there that I would
do my utmost to bring this matter befcre the
proper authorities. I am, yours very truly,
C. A. Muller, 1326 St&nyan street.
GUN AND DOG.
Wild Ducks Are Being Shipped to
This City in Butter-Boxes.
The Olympic and Empire Gun Clubs
will hold their monthly shooting contests
at inanimate targets to-morrow at Ala
meda Point.
The Garden City Gun Club, under whose
auspices the coming annual tournament
of the California Inanimate Target Asso
ciation will be held, has subscribed $100
to the prize fund, and the prize committee
bas secured enough cash from the San
Jose people to raise the fund to $400. A
meeting of the association will be held in
the Olympic Club on Saturday evening
next.
The members of the Empire Gun Club
have been classified as follows for the final
thirty-bird shoot which will take place on
the club's grounds in Alaineda on Sunday,
the 27tb inst. :
First class— Billlngton 84 2-9, Vandall7B 8-9
Sears 77 2-9, O. Fischer 76%, Stewart 73U,
Mendenh all 72 7-9. ' 3l
Second clas«— Kerrison 72 7-9. Andrns 72 2-9,
Newton 72 2-9, Schreiber 72 2-9, Burgans 7MC
Judd7l- a . **'
Third class— Lehrke 70 5-9, King 70, Deben
ham 63 8-9, Anderson 67 7-9. Pringle 67 2-9.
Fourth i-msi— (.'. Fischer 67 2-9, Quinton 65
De Puc 63 8-9, Javetlc 63 8-9. Goodwin 46 8-9
The prizts will be $40, $30, $20 and $10.
There will be a 100- bird sealed handicap
race with four moneys at the Olympic Gun
Club shoot to-morrow. Captain Owens
will handicap his men on the basis of the
shooting they have done during the sea
son. The ties will shoot off for 70 and 30
per cent of each money. The regular club
shoot which will decide the season's
medals will be shot off in the tirst 25 birds
of the 100-bird race and back scores will be
decided in the same race also.
The season for the killing of deer closed
in Alaineda and Contra Costa counties on
September 2, and in Los Angeles, Marin,
Monterey, San Luis Obispo, San Mateo,
Shasta and Ventura counties on the Ist
inst. Tne season in Napa County closed
last Saturday, and in San Benito and
Santa Cruz counties it will be unlawful to
kill deer or have venison in possession
after Tuesday, the 15th inst.
If Game Warden Mogan is still holding
office and drawing monthly salary ne
should give some of his time and attention
to watching the Sacramento and San Joa
quin river steamers that are receiving from
hunters at ilifferent points on the river
butter-boxes in which are young mallard
ducks. The birds are being shipped to
commission-houses in this City.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
has decided to vote and work against the
Judges of local courts who have refused to
prosecute offenders of the game and fibh
laws.
President Ahem of the Sportsmen's
Protective Association states that he will
interest himself in the arrest and prosecu
tion of some Vallejo and Benicia sports
men who are killing young ducks in the
Suisun marshes and shipping them to
friends in this City.
The twelve-men team match between
the Empire Gun Club of Oakland and the
Garden City Cyclers Gun Club of San
Jose, which will take place at San Jose on
the 20th inst., will be at known traps and
unknown angles.
Governor James H. Budd has offered a
gold medal for the best kennel exhibited
at the Stockton bench show.
Sportsmen have commenced to condi
tion their dogs for the quail season.
Joun H. Wise, Collector ot the Port, re
ceived recently from China two Mon
golian badger hound pups which he says
will afford him great sport when they
grow old enough to fight coons.
The monthly meeting oi' the St. Ber
nard Club will be held next Wednesday
evening in the office of the Breeder and
Sportsman. All lovers of the noble dog
are invited to be present.
FOOTBALL.
Some Changes In Rules— Olympics
Planning Many Games— Schedule
for This City.
The football rules for 1896, now amic
ably confined after last season's split to
one set, indorsed and accepted by all the
big Eastern colleges, are out. No radical
changes have been made in the old
regulations. Momentum plays are prac
tically prevented; mass plays held more
in check; the chances for a fair catch of a
punted ball made much easier; interference
with the center rush and the ball during
an attempted snap-back discouraged by
the introduction of a more stringent pro
hibitory rule; and a quarterback kick,
where the ball is sent forward of the line
oi scrimmage, is interpreted as giving the
opponents a fair and equal chance at the
ball.
There are other minor changes, but they
do not affect the play or change in the
least the appearance of the game.
"A fair catch," to quote the new rule
"is a catch made direct from a kick by one
of the opponents, or from a punt-out by
one of the same side, provided the man
while making the catch makes a mark with
bis heel and no other of his side has
touched the ball. If he be interfered with
by au opponent who is off side, or if he be
thrown after catching the ball, unless he
has advanced beyond the mark, he shall
! be given fifteen yards."
This fifteen-yard penalty will, it is
j thought, effectually prevent interference
| with attempted fair catches.
The rnle regulating momentum and
mass plays says in part:
Before the ball Is put In play In a scrim
mage should any player of the side which bas
the ball take more than one step in auy di
rection he must come to a mil stop before the
ball is put in play. Exception— One man of
the side having the ball may be in motion
toward his own goal without coming to a full
stop before the ball is put in play. When the
ball is put in play at least tive players must be
on the line of scrimmage.
Five yards are given for interfering with
the ball on the center rush during an at
tempted snap-back.
The Olympics will begin their first prac
tice at 9:30 o'clock to-morrow forenoon on
the Central Park grounds. Punting, run
ning about and catching will comprise
this preliminary work. Monday and there
after the practice will be at 5 oclock in the
j afternoon. The football squad is a lar^e
[ one, made up of much excellent veteran
• material drawn from several sources, but
| principally from tne Stanford field. With
| Harreuon and Code, Stanford's old rival
quarters, both trying for quarterback on !
the Olympic team, the personnel of the I
final eleven is sure to be high class, for I
there are other cases of good players be- !
tween whom there is no choice for a par
ticular position. A long series of games
now contemplated will, however, give all
these men a chance to play.
In addition to the matches already
scheduled with Stanford, Berkeley and Re
liance Jack Sheehan, the newly elected |
I Olympic manager, said yesterday that he j
will try to get games with th- Stockton
and Sacramento Athletic Club elevens, St.
Mary's Collete. Santa Clara College,
Multnomah of Portland, and the Butte
team. A holiday tour of Southern Cali
fornia is also a possibility. Practice games
| are to be played with the Peerless team
| and the Crocker team of this City, and
Sheehan says that he hopes to arrange
practice games with Stanford for the bene
fit of both teams.
H. O. Stickney, now in this City, will, if
he remains here, enter vigorously into the
life on the Olympic gridiron, both as
player and coach. He played at Harvard
along in '88 and '89 asd since then has
played on the teams of the Boston Athletic
Association and the Chicago Athletic As
sociation, and last season coached and put
in fine condition the University of Wis
consin's eleven.
Season's games at Central Park:
October 3 Berkeley vs. Reliance
October 10 Stanford vs. Olvmplc
October 17 Berkeley vs. Olympic I
October 24 > tan ford vs. Reliance
October 31 Berkeley vs. KWiance
November 7 Stanford vs. Olympic
November 14 Berkeley-Stanford Freemen
November'2l Reliance vs. Olympic
November 26 Stanford v* Berkeley
Admission to the last two games will be
$1 ; to the others 50 cen ts.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The United States and Canadian
Annual Match.
The annual international match be
tween Canada and the United States com
menced on the 4th inst. at the German
town (Pa.) grounds. The scoring on both
sides was particularly meager. At the
close of the first day Canada had scored
87 and the United States 52, tne former
also losing one wicket of their second in
nings for 28. The Canadians had a fairly
representative team, but the United
Stale? eleven was wholly made up of
Philadelphia players, and only one of
them managed to reach double figures.
The close of the Lancashire-Australian
match at Liverpool attracted some 8000
spectators. The only other trans-Atlan
tic chirp of interest is regarding the finish
of the Surrey and Somersetshire contest at
Taunton. Score: Somerset 241, Surrey
240. The victory was due to the superb
batting of Tyler and ftobson, for whom a
collection of 20 guineas was taken up on
the field.
The famous Scarborough festival opened
with a match between Yorkshire and an
eleven of the south.
The All Oregon team arrived at their
Portland home last Wednesday, after a
delightful if not too successful trip in
British Columbia. The main advantage
of the trip, as Captain Lawrence expressed
it, is that the men now understand what
real cricket against cricketers means. The
returned travelers are to play the asso
ciated banks at Multnomah field to-day.
Last Bunday the banks team played
and defeated an eleven styled the Port
land Wanderers, who were captained by
W. H. Kinross, a cricketer well known in
California.
There is only one local cup match
DR. SHAW of Sacramento, Who Has Had Remarkable Success
in Deer-Shooting.
scheduled for to-morrow. It is between
the Pacifies and Californias, and will be
played at Golden Gate. Umpire.
YACHTING.
A Second Race Between tha Cathe
rine and Fawn Talked Of.
Now that the Catherine has defeated the
Fawn in the Macdonough cup race, there
is no end of gossiping in yacMting circles.
Jt is being noised about that a race over
the channel course between these two
boats will be sailed just for the glory of
the thing, to determine which is really the
better boat.
It seems that the Fawn was somewhat
strained while being towed over to the
starting line, and. as a consequence her
seams were opened to such an extent that
j the cabin had water in it up to the banks.
In this shape the boat sailed the race,
and had to keep constantly luffing to
maintain her equilibrium, as the water in
j the cabin was nothing but dead weight,
and every time the boat tried to hang on,
the water seeking its Jlevel caused her to
bury herself to her cabin windows.
I. Gutte, commodore of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, says the course over
which the perpetual challenge cup race
was held was a very bad course to exhibit
sailing skill.
"The stretch is almost entirely before
the wind, and anything that will float can
make a showing on this kind of a course,"
he said. "The race should be held on the
channel course, then the merits of both
boats could be equally determined."
E. A. yon Schmidt has sent the follow
ing open letter to The Call:
Now that the yachts Fawn and Catherine
have each vanquished the other, in like time,
I will match m beat against either yacht
the race to be sailed over a triangular course.
Or I will sail either boat a series oi races over
the same style of course.
COURSING.
interest In the Big Meeting at South
Huron, North Dakota.
Coursing men are looking forward with
much interest to the result of the meeting
of the Aberdeen Coursing Club, which be
gins at South Huron, N. Dak., on the 29th
inst.
The Californ a representatives will be
from the kennels of Robinson <fe Peyton
and J. H. Roasiter. The latter has two
likely candidates for first honors in Way
farer and Arapahoe, the latter being well
thought of for the puppy stake. Late ad
vices state that the California dogs are
showing well in their training.
The drawing for to-morrow's running
at Itigleside took dace on Thursday even
ing at Delta Hall, thirty-six dogs being
drawn, as follows:
T. Brannan's Rapid vs. J. Shea's Fearless, J.
F. Grace's Nelly Conroy vs. D. Leonard's Will
o' Wisp, H. Spring's Premier vs. J. Hannon's
Marguerite, F. Xunan's Regent vs. T. Bren
nan's Lady Ingleside, J. Larkey's True Blue vs
| J. Hanuon's Koxha.l, P. Reilly's Bran vs T
j Butlers Susie, J. McGuire's Georgie McGrath
i T8 J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy, Valley kennel's
Lillian Russell vs. D. Chilla's Happy Day P
| Reilly's Harkaway vs. Alnmeda kennel's Daisy!
P. Ryan - Gripman vs. Valley kennel's Jimmy
Cork, M. Traynor's Climax vs. J. Ryan's Stone
wall Jackson, P. Reilley's Wee Nell vs. J Lar
key'a Galloping, W. Shields' Fond Hope vs P
Reilly's Sam, F. Hughes' Domestic vs. J. Rvan's
E V D, T. Brennan's Gold King vs. G. Duncan's
Iron Clad, S. Newman's Blue Light vs Portal
I & Haggerty's Elridge, E. Wilson's Sunnyside
Maid vs. S. Newman's Charlie Boy, J. Quane's
Young Clifton vs. J. Shea's Tullermore
Prizes are $W5. $15, $10, $5 50, $5 50
Two stakes are ottered for to-morrow's
running at Ocean View, one of twenty
dogs for the veterans and a second of four
teen for the puppies.
Following is the result of the draw in the
old-dog stake:
J. Fitzpatrick'e Lady Clare v*. A. Merrill's
Faster ami Faster, T. Cooney's Eclipse vs J
Wren's Magnolia, J. F. Grace's Said Pasha vs'
J. Sullivan's Evening Star, D. J. Healy's Olden
W vs. D. Roche's Gold Dust A. McMahon's
Lackawauna v<. J. SegerWs White Chief,
A. Merril!'n Handspring vs. J. Dillon's Bill
ye> T^ c ,?° ney ' 8 , Hercules vs. J.King's Sweet
Alice, T. Cooney's Grannaile vs. J. Fitzpatrick's
Auiiie H Caly, C. Randolph's Happy Jack vs
J. Cox> Menlo Boy, Casserly & Lehman's Cali
fornia Violet vs. M. Roger's Sly Boy.
The puppies were drawn as follows:
Lcnnon's White Clifton vs. D J Healv'ii
Mya.mo, W. D. Murphy's False Alarm vs T
Cooney's Master Hopeful, M. O'Connor's Lady
Clifton vs. Jamos McCormack's White Lily T
! McCormack's Black Prince vs. J. Lennon's St."
Cloud, C. Randolph's None Such vs T
Mahoney's Nelly Gray, D. J. Healv's Move On
vs. Casserly & Lehman's Princess Diana 1 f
Cohen's Highlaud Mary vs. J.Victor's Leinster
Handball.
The handball games arranged for to
morrow are: At the San Francisco court—
P. Hutchinson and P. Kelly vs. J. Law
less and G. Hutchinson, J. Collins and W.
Stansbury vs. R. Murphy and J. White'
W. Hamilton and M. McClnre vs. M. Ed
wards and G. Maguire G. McDonald and
W. Manning vs. M. McNeil and D. Rod
gers, T. P. Bonnet and P. Donnelly vs M
J. Kilgallon and J. C. Nealon. *
At the Union handball court R. Murnhv
andJ. Flynn will play T. E. Willev and
M. Turner. Dr. Callag^an and HI
Cradle will play Billy Gallagher and Harry
Pinnock. P. G. Doran and W. Heffernan
will play W. P. Doran and J. Pree m a n
The event of the day will be R
Lenihan and James Nelson vs J j'
Feeney and Terry McManus. '
Sacramento Sporting- News
BACRAMENTO, Cal., S«pt. 10.-The dove
season throughout Sacramento County ia
almost over as far as shooting on pass is con
earned, as the birds are flocking and desertlne
the water-holes. Sportsmen are giving their
guns a rest, and are preparing for long days
among the sunburnt stubble-fields and thick
chaparral in pursuit of the swiftly flying
quail. Charles Flohr and W. Hew made a trip
to Arcade this week and bagged fifty-six and
forty-eight doves respectively, and one or two
others report passable sport. The Henrietta
Club reports having had a glorious time at its
last outing of a week since; the party bagged
253 birds and had potpies and stews galore
They have another outing in prospect in the"
near future.
The prospect for fall sport was never better
Quail are very plentiful and the local brsed
lng-grouuds for ducks are reported as well
stocked, while old residemers report good
mast or acorn indications, which will proba
bly insure an influx of wild pigeon.
AlShepard of Putah Creek, who is visiting
the city, killed an albino hare last week a
curiosity rarely heard of in the State, the ani
mal being snowy white, with pink eyes,
shepard reports great sport in this locality
taking pike with rod and spoon, some of the
fish weighing eleven pounds. Fountain of
Nebraska, who bas been several months in the
Sierras, hns returned, and claims to have had ;
a very successful trip, with lots of good fishing
In the Truckee River.
At the last meeting of the Capitol City !
Wheelmen's club three new members were
elected and four new propositions received.
Notice was given of intention to start a move
ment for the formation ot a good roads league
after the manner of the Southern California
division of the Good Roads League. The bicycle
roads leading into the surrounding country j
are reported in excellent condition, and tne !
club recommends their extension.
The racing contingency of the club did not
meet with the expected success at the Stock ton
meeting; in fact, the riders were never in ii.
They attribute their non-success largely to the j
lact that the water failed to agree
with them and also to the fact that 1
they were handicapped by not hav
ing proper grounds to work out'on before the
race, as the track at Agricultural Park in this
city ls in constant use. They nlso claim that
the Stcckton track has such severe turns j
without banks, that they being unaccustomed j
to it were compelled to slaclt up before coming j
to the stretch, to enable them to keep thu '
track. One rider— Bob Young— flew the track
and took a header into the weeds.
Dr. Shaw reports great success on his deer- j
hunting trip. He has become so imbued with :
buck fever that he has disposed of his boats '<
and fishing lodge at Santa Cruz, and will in i
the future take his outings in the mountains. I
Rutherford.
Vlsalla Sporting: News
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 9.— Every visitor from
abroad that has visited Kings River Canyon,
Mineral King, Little Kern and Mount Whit
ney, and I may also include the honorable Fish
Commissioners of California, will be delighted
to know that a new sportsman club has been
organized in Tulare County. Recently a num
ber of wide-awake and progressive citizens of
Eshom Valley concluded that they could be
instrumental in stocking the ai reams in their
vicinity if they were organized to do such
work, and a meeting was held *nd the "Eshom
Valley Fish and Rifle Club," was the result.
The following directors were elected: R. L
Hill, C. T. Ham, T. B. East, W. H. Hart and W.
D. Pattee. The ofHcers elected are T. B. East
£ resident; G. W. Hill, vice-president; Frank
[ill, treasurer, and S. L. N. Ellis, secretttry.
About two years atjo the Visalia Sportsman
Club planted some fish in the main north fork
of the Kaweah below Eshorn Valley and also
in Redwood Creek. They have made a most
remarkable growth, being now fully twelve
i inches long. It is the intention of the new
club to plant fish in the main north fork oi the
Kaweah. Redwood Creek, Stony Creek and
Dorst Creek.
On Sunday last Frank Hill and S. L. N. Ellis
of the Eshom Valley Fish and Rifle Club ac
companied by Claude Van Valer oi Visalia
and Leonard Ellis ot" Elbow, returned fora
Whitney Creek with a smi\ll number of rolden
trout, which tht-y planted in the north fork of
the Kaweah above Eshom Valley. The ftsti
wore carried in enns on puck horses via Min
eral King and across the head.vaters of the
main fork of the Kaweah and the Mable fork.
They were on the road seven days.
Mr. Ellis is confident that the golden trout
will retain their rich color iv the river where
they are planted. As proof that they will he
says he caught a golden trout in Redwood
Creek mis summer, where they were placed
fifteen years ago. The Kern River trout are
also said to be affected by the country through
which that river runs, yet when the trout are
planted, as they have been in many streams
on this side of Farewell Gap, they lose none of
their characteristics.
The gentlemen at the head of the new club
are thorough sportsmen, and as such are en
titled to the confidence and support of the
State Fish Commission. They will not only
plant fish iD the streams above designated,
but they will si-e that they arc protected.
At the regular monthly shoot of the San
Joaquin Valley Gun Club J. W. Shiell won the
"A class medal with twenty straight. John
Suss, with a score of fifteen, won the "B" class
medal.
Messrs. Shiell, McVeagh, Wood, "Fox,"
Armitage and "Sensaboy" were selected as the
team to enter the State shoot. Caeboll.
♦_
Portland Sporting: News.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 11.— Dr. F. Cauthorn,
captain of the Multnomah Bowlers, has not
announced the make-up of his team as yet for
the coming tournament of the American
Cocked Hat Association, but it will probably
be picked up from the following old-timers:
Cauthorn, Hart, Mallory, C. A. and F. O.
Burckhardt, Montgomery, Swigert, Blackstone
aad Young Griffo.
The Arlingtons will have an exceptionally
strong team, which will be composed of the
following well-known crackajacks: C'rossman
Muir, Nicholas, C. J. Smith, Wheeler and
Bourne.
The football committee recently appointed
by the Multnomnh Club announces that active
practice will begin this week. Some new and
excellent material is available, and it is ex
pected that this year's team will be the best
that the club has ever put in the field. A
junior team will be organized and a coach
selected to teach the fine points of the game
C. E. McDonald has been appointed captain of
the senior team. His past wort as captain has
been of the highest order.
The third annual championship games of
the Pacific Northwest Amateur Atnletic Asso
ciation will take place at Multnomah field on
Saturday afternoon, September 19.
Bay Fishing.
BAOBALITO, Cal., Bept. 9.— Rockcod fishing
has been fair during the pnst week, and some
good catches have been made on the principal
fishing-grounds, especially in the vicinity of
Lime Point, where the fish are averaging
larger than any caught before this season.
On Monday last James Benson, a well-known
angler, and friend caught sixty-five pounds oi
red and blue rockcod at Point Cavailo the
largest weighing 3% pounds and five of them
ovtr 2 pounds each.
On Tuesday Fred Robinson and two com
KEW TO-DAT.
Take No Substitute^
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
*■ CONDENSED MILK
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
tion of the American People. No other b
just as good." Bc3t Infant Food.
I^jni MANHOOD RESTORED --'--"
■ ¥V^rf£yflV *-*» J IlinilllWWll 111-W I UilLlJvitallzer.Uieprescrip.
M \i\ VS «?* "** I 6? l°,?o o isif mous FrpnS** Physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
Hn^ £tAI V* I M TJ M J )r t abases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
M I JH/ V dmL i? SOI ? nia v la i uslntheJßacll > Seminal £mfis on*. If errous. Debility,
M \jT7Jk V *V& ■S™Pj* a »Joofito«s to Marry, Exhausting llralns, Varicocele and
fcl > / V" _ "/. Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quirk-
BEFORE AND AFTER t\], th0 horr prs or'lmpotencr! $:rri»KSE l cle!i:j3e3theliver, tb< :
Fr^toMM^onPTnv v 5 v ♦I o ' c re 2 by 1>octo « ls because ninety per cent are troubled with
I alTx written sSa^n?™ rivinl nly tno *' 1 Tern^ y to cnre without nn opt ration. 5000 tostlmonl.
▲ddr«. AVOX. aii£UltilMifi CO.. 1170 Market street, Ban Francisco, Cat. For sale by
fcKuuKa' i>iiAKM.>i:Y. 118 Fowellaiitefa
panions caught about 80 pounds of red rock
cod at the Lime Point fog-whistle, the larjren
weighing 4J-£ pounds and four of them over 3
pounds eacu.
Smelt are not very plentiful, but a few larire i
ones have been caught at the fishyard and at J
Target Rock, near Belvedere.
The tides are favorable at present, and con
tinual good fishing may be expected.
SIMON AGAIN.
The "Cowboy Detective" Turns Hig At
tention Irom Chinese to Typewriters.
Sol Simon, who has been familiarly
known as the "cowboy detective," is again
in prison. Instead of some complication
with justice in the Chinese quarters he is
now incarcerated for his transactions ia
typewriting machines.
Simon was arrested on complaint of E.
D. Wilber of 630 Market street, who
charged him with felony embezzlement.
The warrant set forth that Simon bought
a typewriter valued at $75 on June 10 from
a Miss Busteed, promising to pay her in a
few days. He, however, retained posses
sion of the machine and refused to pay
for it
Hardly had the "cowboy detective"
been imprisoned when James D. Brown,
who conducts a typewriting-machine
agency on Montgomery street, swore to a
warrant charping him with misdemeanor
embezzlement for getting away with a $40
machine.
Contractor Harney Injured.
Charles Harney, a member of the Union
Paving Company, was injured in a runaway
accident yesterday at P<ne and Montgomery
streets. While hitching his horse the animal
started and ran away with Mr riarney holding
on to the lines. In crossing the street tha
bugery was overturned upon him and he was
severely injured.
I NEW TO-DAT.'
s^ Cure
I Consumption
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
i Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
! parently hopeless cases have been greatly
1 benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
■ that to increase its usefulness and make
; known its merits, I will send Free, to any
' reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
I Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
! T. A.SLOCUM.M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
. We publish the Doctor's letter In full for the benefit ol
our readers. There ■will be no mistake in sending—
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offer—
I — ——— — m
DOCTOR SWEANY
! The ablest and most successful specialist
I of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Diseases or young', middle,
aged and old men which weaKeu
I the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
I which is the result of years of study,
i practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood, If you have a dizziness of tha
I bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
i breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
I irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
i impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerve«. brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
l of Women scientifically treated and
| invariabiv cured.
'■'Hi: POOR of this city who call at hi*
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
DR. F. L SWEAMY, 73 7M«ketst..
Ull. I . L. Ulf LHH I , can Francisco. CaL
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
• ■ • .
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THIS TRADE A SPECIAI.TI;
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.
PCl.lche.ter'. Ensltok Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
— <K*X - Original mAd Only GronlDß. A
i i^fkv\ «*rc. always reliabU. ladies uk O\
A«7LySSSI Dru lfrt»« for ChicHestert Bnglith Dta-Jm\
ar^wß^»S2\nM)» I Brand In Rod »0,l Gold meUlUo\m«f
4^ •=O|s»a'x>*«. «'alBd with blue ribbon. Tain \Sr ■
l?i W^ Wlno other. A/we dangtrouw ntbttiff ▼
I / ~ end Imitation. At Drugfiiti, •rMSd4«.
I *• j£ >■> "tampi Air partlsvlan, te«tinanl»Si aa4
V V MS " Relief fbr Ladle*. in Itxttr. br return
~\^_^ m ArL, MulL 10,000 Teitlmooi&li. Name Paper.
i«MTrr/f Oh , 1 2» ert * p CiemUal Oo^lUdUoa S^narek
W fcl Wtwl DrugsUU. Pklh^vFa*
SS OPIUM
•■■.■■'■ ---'■■...■
The puro essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the , rnluable medicinal properties of Opium
without <ts noxious elements. No sickness cf storaacht
no Tomit.ug ; no ;no headache. AUDrnggigts.
1 NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & COL
. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 60 per day, $i
j to $b per weelc, $8 to $30 per morun: tree bat hi;
I hot and cold water every room; tire .'race* i 4
, every room: elevator runs all night-NET HDRAWS CLOSER
ABOUT WINTHROP
Several Very Damaging
Letters Admitted in
Evidence.
WINTHROP THE AUTHOR
Bitter Allusions to Captain Lees
Please the Audience Im
mensely.
THAT VERY IMPORTANT PURSE
Campbell Ciaims It— Winthrop Tries
to Prove That He Has Owned
It for Years.
As the bailiff tapped his gavel for order
at the Wintrop trial in Judge Wallace's
court yesterday it was speedily seen that
this was really the raising of the curtain
on the neit to the last act of what prom
ises to be "a somber performance for ihe
defendant. Winthrop himself added to
the dramatic effect by assuming a deter
mined expression of fuce that spoke vol
umes.
Both the wife and the two small sons of
t!ie prisoner were on hand at the morning
session, but the wife was absent at the
afternoon session. As for the little boys,
they sat there during the whole day and
prattled to each other of marbles, tops and
the Mechanics' Fair.
Proceedings opened by placinc 0. T.
Zinn, exchange teller of th« Anglo-Cali
iornia Bank, on the stand. His lestimonv
was that he had cashed a check of about
5250 for Campbell about 11:30 a. M.Au
gust 3.
When the defendant was called he was
asked why he had shaved his mustache off.
"I did it because a number of my friends
had done so," was the answer. "They
said they wanted to look like McKinley,
and I followed snit. My wife, also, wanted
me to shave it off, because it bothered me
in eatiug."
It is evident that here lately Winthrop's
regard for his wife's wishes has weakened,
as his mustache is now in the first or
sprouting ttage.
"Did you return to the Califcrnia-street
cottage after you ieit it on August 3?" he
was asked.
"No. sir; that was the last time I went
there."
Winthrop then entered into a general
neninl of the story told by Planter
Campbell, in which he said no masked
man was present at the cottage, the only
other one present besides Campbeil
himself being the woman mentioned in
defendant's testimony, Riven yesterday.
"Did you hear a shot fired?"
"No, sir."
"Did you strike Mr. Campbell?"
"No. sir."
In response to questions from his at
torney, Frank V. Bell, Winthrop forcibly
denied Mrs. Duntor.'s story, even going to
the limit of denying that he had ever vis
ited the California- street cottage prior to
going there with Campbell.
"Mrs. Dunton is mistaken," he declared.
"When the first saw me in prison she pos
itively stated: 'That is not the man. 1
fcince then Captain Lees has made good
his threat that he would mate her testify. "
On being asked when he had first seen
James Campbell, delendant stated that it
was at the Occidental Hotel, sometime be
tween July 5 and 11. It was in obedience,
be said, to a letter Urquhart had sent, re
questin •to see him. There Urquhart had
known his real character by unfolding a
mining scheme, the consummation of
which required $20,000. In order to carry
it out. Wintbrop said, Urquhart suggested
that they kidnap somebody, and asked
that he enter into the scheme.
•'1 repudiated the proposal," said Win
throp, "an.t left. An old gentleman who
had overheard the conversation followed
me ont into the main oirlce and congrat
ulated me on my ret JsaL"
"Where did you first hearof Campbell?"
"Through Urquhart, who one day, -in
conversation with myself and a gentle
man named Duncan, turned and asked
Duncan if he had seen Campbell since he
went to bed with his boots on. "The
old fool said we roboed him of $500,' said
Duncan.
"Then," continued Winthrop, "I be
came interested and inquired who Camp
bell was. They tot i me he was a rich
Hawaiian planter who was here to put his
children in a Catholic school. I asked for
an introduction, as I wished to exercise
my influence in keepiug them out of such
an institution.
"Later on I had a conversation with
Urquhart, in which he said the planter
wished to po off 'on a racket.' Urquhart
said he would pay well if we would get
him some women, as he was very liberal
when drunk. I stated very emphatically
that I wanted nothing whatever to do with
sucb a proposition."
Winthrop admitted having written a
letter to Urqnhart, as regards receiving $f0
for piloting Campbell through the tender
loin district, and stated that on the morn
ine of August 3 he left home earlier than
usual, arriving in town about 9:30 o'clock.
Afi«r seeing the assistant superintendent
of t!;e Sinter-street .Railroad on some
thing of a political nature he went to
Daniels' niari>Je-varcl, and coming down
town met Urquuart.
"He asked me if I knew the Speck boys.
I said I did, and he wanted me to go with
him and pay the balance of the rent for
the Calisornia-street cottage. I went to
Fpeck and afterward ua>re the receipt to
Urquhart. When I went bomeon Wednes
day afternoon my wite said Urquhart had
been there and she upbraided me for Keep
ing up an acquaintance with him. She
said furthermore that Urquhart had left a
request that I meet bio; at the Occidental
Hotel at 10 o'clocs that night. I went, but
failed to see Urquhart, meeting instead a
man who addressed me by name and
stated that if I did not leave town I might
meet with unpleasant adventures.
"A» I left I walked through the barroom
and had a drink. Captain Lees was there,
iind we botli saw each other."
•When did you leave Ban Francisco?"
"Thursday, August 6."
"Why did yon go?"
"To avoid persecution at the hands of
the police. They had kept me m hot
water about a year previous, but on trial
the jury had returned a verdict of not
guilty in less than five minutes."
The defendant stated that he had been
arrested at the postoftice fa Oakland,
though he could have escaped by running,
but wanted to be taken into custody as it
took a load off his heart.
•'Why did you hide your money?"
BsJced Attorney Bell.
'Well, about nine years ago," said the
defendant, "I was sto'd up and robbed.
Since then I have hidden my money.
You will admit that it was in a safe
place, won't you?" addressing Captain
Leeg.
"Have you ever seen this purse before?"
qneried defendant's attorney, as he handed
Winthrop the purse taken from him, and
claimed by Campbeil as his property.
"I've carried that purse for nine years,"
retortci Wint rop, "and I would like to
have a magnifying glass here so that the
jury might make a careful examination
of it."
Winthrop continue 1 that he could show
verdigris stains in the purse, resulting
from contact witb n d-cent silver coin.
While the defendant was testifying, Cai>
tain Lees end the attorneys for the prose
cution made a minute examination of the
purse. VV hit drop turned pale and became
very much excited.
"1 wish to keep my eyes on that purse,"
he exclaimed. "I do not wish anybody to
tamper with it."
The jurymen then examined the purse
for st^n«, tobacco traces and other marks
described by the defendant.
"Where were you in the habit of carry
ing the purse?" was asked.
"In my right-hand hip pocket," he an
swered.
On cross-examination by District Attor
ney Barnes Winthrop declared that the
only time he had adopted a pseudonym
had been in Oakland prior to his arrest,
where he had taken the name of Bronson.
He denied ever having used the name of
0. S. Stanninger and said further that he
did not enlist in the United States army
in Brooklyn under that name.
Defendant also denied having served in
the Tenth Infantry, but admitted that he
had subsequently re-enlisted in tne United
States intantry January 7, 1831, under the
name of O. W. Winthrop.
"Did you ever go by the name of Isaac
W. Calkins?"
"I never did.' 1
"Where did you originally enlist?"
"Captain Lees faiied to get the correct
information," sneeringly answered Win
throp. "It is a scheme of his. I first en -
iisteu at Boston, January 6, 1876. I was
assigned to Captain Charles Porter's Com
pany B, United States Infantry, and
served under him ten years. I was born
at Dedham, Mass."
"Did you attend any schools in Bos
ton?"
Witness falteringly replied that he had
attended a business college in the Hub,
and had also been a student at Cambridge,
but could not tell the school nor the street
on which he lived.
District Attorney Barnes then inquired
of the defendant his reason for going to
San Jose. Winthrop answered that he
went there to attriid ihe Congressional
fight of a friend of his. 11. W. Quitzow.
"Did you send any telegrams from San
Jose?"
"Yes; one to Urquhart and one to
Quitzow."
After the witness had identified tha tele
grams they were shown to tne jury and
introduced in evidence.
Wituesa told of his meeting at San Josa
with Campbell, ana admitted that he had
learned from Urquhart tuat Campbell was
at the Veniome in San Jose beiore he
went there.
"Dia you have any conversation with
the clerks at the Vendome?"
"No, sir; I felt a little sheepish in hav
ing registered and washing my hands
without paying for the room, so avoided
the clerks."
"When you returned to the City and
weut to the Occidental Hotel, was Urqu
hart there? ' asked Barnes.
"I failed to see him.' 1
"Was A. A. Browu's testimony to hav
ing loaned you $35 correct?"
"It was."
An adjournment was then taken till
2 p.m.
Just before the afternoon session of
court the corridor was tilled with an im
mense crowd.
Winthrop said that after leaving Camp
beil in the California-street house he saw
him no more until in the City Prison. At
6p. M. Thupsday, August 6, he said he
went to Oakland and stayed at the Claren
don House, corner of Washington and
Seventh streets.
A tetter, written by him from Oakland
to Frederick Cranmer, was introduced in
evidence. Winthrop admitted having
written it, as he said there was no use in
trying to deny il The letter contained
instructions to his wife where to meet him
in Oakland and how sne should act on
meeting him.
Especial stress was laid on the fact that
she should De very careful not to come if
she were convinced that some one was
following. Sue was instructed to retrace
her steps for a biock before taking the
broad-K&uge boat for Oakland, and that
when she arrived there to get off the rear
platform of the irain.
There she was instructed to go along the
street, and he would follow and accost her
when he was satisfied that she was not
bbadowed.
A brief letter of explanation was sent to
Cranmer, in which he was asked to send
the inclosure to his wife. In the wife's
letter was also a screed addressed to the
editor ol a daily paper, explaining that he
wa« an object of special hatred with Cap
tain Lees.
Tnis was the second series received by
Cranmer, and he began to think he him
self might get into trouble over it.
On conferring with Postmaster Me-
Coppin it was deemed advisaole to con
sult with District Attorney Barnes as to
the advisability of delivering it. As the
letter was merely an inclosure, not
stamped acd not in the mails, it was
thoue.it expedient and proper to open it-
The damaging character of Wiuturop's
letter to ilia wile may De gleaned itoni a
perusal of the vital portions of v.
One of the letters written to Winthrop's
wile was signed "J. H. A.," and pur
ported to come from a friend. Tim friend
claimed to be in honor bound to comiort
Mrs. Wintbrop, as, he said, her husband
had departed on an enterprise in which
he himself was very much interested.
Tne letter instructed the reader to pay
no attention to what the newspapers were
publishing, as the writer and a friend
could establish au alibi in refutation of
'the cuarges which Captain Lees in his
usual stupidity and lack of investigation,
as well as his xnown enmity to Mr. Win
tnrop, has seen tit to publish to the world."
At this juncture Captain Lees turned
the color of a boiled iobster and fidgeted
uneasily in his chair, while the baa. ft had
to rap repeatedly for order. It was plainly
seen by the laughter of the audience that
no matter how strong the case against Win
tiirou Captuin Lees was in hardly better
favor witii me absemuled mass of people
than the ueieiidaut himself.
The inclosed letter for publication in
some newspaper stated that the writer
was in the company of Winthrop and an
other gentiemau from 3to 6 o'clock p. m.
August '■!>. The other nja.ii, however, was
out of town, and would not be back ior a
few weeks.
The author, who it mast be borne in
mind was Wimhrop himself, he having
admitted the authorship of all these let
ters, said he met Winthrop later in the
evening at a hail at 18 O'Farretl street,
and remained tiiere till alter 11 o'clock.
He then gave an account of how Win
throp had spent his time till Wednesday
noon.
Tue most damaging letter, tbe one
dated to his wife on August 10, said de
fendant would put Urquhart in a box for
his dirty work, and inclosed the following
letter to be copied and mailed to Captain
L«es by his son Willie:
Captain, Lees: If yon want to catch the man
thai dogged old Campbell you take In Donald
Archibald Urquhart, put him in the tanks for
a couple of days, then nave that- woman that
was at the house he rented 'come and identify
him. Then when that is dune you tell him
one was outside the window on the east side of
the Occidental biiliard-room and heard him
propose and layout .tiie scheme of doing old
Campbell. Then ask him what devilish
scheme he had to raise the tjCidO with which to
do tbe Campbell job. Make him render an ac
count of his whereabouts and -what he has
been doing. Get him to make his -confession.
Then 1 will come forward and bear witness to
more than that." How »bont that indictment
of the last Grand Jury which has never been
used? Law-abiding Citizen.
Wintbrop was recalled, ana on a query
from his attorney . said he used this
method of communicating with his wife
because he knew the letters to ; her would
be intercepted and opened, as other* en
tirely foreign to the affair had been opened
by and are; now , in the care of Captain
Lees. .■■..'.■■' ' ■> l ■:.
Captain Lees here screwed around un
comfortably in bis chair, and the audi
ence again manifested their sympathy
with Winthrop. so far as the head of the
detective department is concerned, by
loud laughter mingled with a few re
marks. .. - .
Alter order had been restored, Win
throp continued: . '
'' '•I knew of the : deadly hatred Lees had
for me, and deemed .it advisable to send
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
something to the papers to offset bis bale
ful influence."
A. M. Pierson of 1720 Central avenue,
the superintendent of Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, was next called. He was handed the
purse exhibited at the morning session
and identified it as similar to the one he
had been in "Winthrop's possession for a
long time, and be had never seen him
carry a different one.
Henry Gorman, praployed at Laurel
Hill Cemetery, stated that he had known
Winthrop for seven or eight years. Ho
said Winthrop tenerally carried his pnrse
m his hip pocket, and used to lend him a
dollar or two at times.
Barnes— You are able to swear that the
purse is only similar?
-Yes, sir."
"Did you not hear Winthrop testify this
morning that he carried it in his hip
pocket?"
After some hesitation the witness an
swered that he had.
John Tyrrell, who tends the waterworks
in Laurel Hill Cemetery and has known
Winthrop for about six years, testified
that tbe purse was similar to Winthrop's,
and that he had also seen the defendant
carry money loose in his pocket.
Harvey Burden of 311 Golden Gate ave
nue was then cailed to the stand. He tes
tified to knowing Winthrop for the last
year, but not intimately. He was asKed
if he saw him Wednesday evening, Au
gust 5, but an objection from Bell pre
vented an answer, and the witness was
dismissed.
Bell then stated that two important wit
nesses were ab.-ent, and asked that the
case be continued till Monday morning.
Barnes objected to this, saying he wished
the case to end as soon as possiole.
The objection was sustained and D. A.
Urquhart was called in rebuttal.
"Did you ever aeree to kidnap Camp
bell with Winthrop?" asked Barnes.
"No; it was on the other hand."
"What have you to say to what Mr. W In
throp said about you?"
"Well, before he went to Ban Jose he
asked rue to go in and kidnap Campbell
with him. He also asked me my address
and I gave him a fictitious one. I did not
see him again till August 3. Then I met
him at the Occidental Hotel. While I was
conversing with Winthrop George Koch
came up and I left with him."
The witness' subsequent actions were
explained as they have been given beiore.
At one time a lively tiff arose between
counsel as to whether Urquhart should be
allowed to proceed, but ho finally Jeft the
chair.
The last' and most comical witness
called during the day was Alexander
Duncan.
"Now, Mr. Duncan," said Barnes, "at
any time since the beginning of the world
to the present time were you in the Occi
dental Hotel with Wintbrop and Urqu
hart, holding a conversation in which
Winthrop asked how Campbell was since
he went to bed with his boots on, and you
answered : 'Yes, the old fool said we
robbed him of $500'?"
Duncan lifted nis hands in horror and
earnestly exclaimed: "Never in God's
world !"
The bailift here had great difficulty in
restoring order.
When asked if anything else he could
remember took place witness naively an
swered that he had invited Winthrop out
to take a drink. To the best of his recol
lection the defendant never refused that
kind of an offer.
Amid uproarious laughter the case was
adjourned till Monday at 10 a. m.
HUDELSON'S DEPOSITION.
He Denies That Any Alimony
Caa Be Due From
Him.
Because, He Alleges, He Was Never
Married to the Woman Who
Has Sued Him.
The deposition of B. P. Hudelson was
taken yesterday afternoon at Reel B.
Terry's office in the Parrott building in
connection with the suit, previously re
ferred to, which has been begun against
him for alimony and attorneys' fees by
tbe woman who claims to have lived with
him and to have been acknowledged by
him as his wife. She calls herself Mrs.
Hudelson. He says that he knew her as
Cora or Millie Webster, by Doth of which
names sne was called; and also as Mrs.
Millie Johnston. Counsel present were
Reel B. Terry and W. H. Jordan, the last
named being attorney for Mr. Hudelson.
The deposition was begun with the state
ment of the age, occupation, etc of the de
ponent. The remainder was principallycon
fined to Mr. Hudelson's recital of his rela
tions with the woman who claims alimony.
The recital was long, occupying the better
part of the afternoon. He testified that he
was never married to her; that he n«ver
intio.iuced her as his wife to any one; that
during the period when he was associated
with her, which period ended in 1885, he
was living a fast life; that she kept or was
an Inmate of a disreputable house at Mo
desto during the period referred to. and
that ue was fully aware of her character
and occupation which were notorious.
She also lived with him in a cabin which
he built for occupation in connection with
cattle business at Oak Flat.
He acknowledged that she had visited
his father's house once in bis company,
but said that he was under the influence
of liquor at the time. She also visited tbe
home of his parents once when he was
there. He told his mother that he did
not want anything more to do with the
present plaintiff, and his mother or
dered her to leave the house. He was
asked whether he had not introduced her
to many persons, who were individually
mentioned by counsel, as his wife. He
answered emphatically that he had not.
His relations with her were intimate, but
he had never proposed that they should
be married, nor did she ever suggest such
a thing.
On cross-examination Mr. Hudelson paid
that lie became converted to Christianity
in 18S7. He was then living in Modesto,
and there he was subsequently ordained
as a Baptist clergyman, and he preached
in Modesto between two and three years
before he went to Golden Gate, in AJa
meda County, where he has since resided.
His mainage to the lady Kho bore bis
name was publicly announced and was
publicly celebrated at Modesto. The
woman who now claims to have been bi&
wife, and who is the plaintiff in the
present proceedings, was living at Modesto
at the time that he was publicly married
to tne lady whom he publicly recognized
as Mrs. Hudelson, and she neither at that
time, nor previously, nor at any other
time pr.or to the beginning of this suit, so
far as he knew, ever claimed to have been
his wife.
Once he saw her in his congregation
wnue he was preaching in the Baptist
church at Modesto. It was his custom as
a preacher, after the sermon, to go to the
trout of ttie church and there shake hands
with all the congregation as toey passed
out. In observing this custom he thought
it very probable that when the plaintiff
wa» in his congregation at Modesto on the
occasion mentioned he may have shaken
hands with her as she passed out of the
frontdoor. That was the only occasion
upon which he has met her since he
finally gave up her society in 1885. A
poem was introduced which he said he
wrote. It was written for a lady in Mo
desto who is now dead. When the plain
tiff discovered the ve»ses she was angry,
and he accordingly changed the lorm of
the verse, which was an acrostic, to dedi
cate it to Miliie instead of Moilie. The
particular! of Mr. Hudelson's early life
were<gone into in much detaii. He was
sure that he had never introduced the
plaintiff to any one as his wife.
Insolvent Saloon Men.
Scholz, Schroeder & Scholz, saloon-keepers,
have filed a petition in insolvency. 'They owe
$832 and hive no as sets. »-■-,
HE GLOBE-TROTS
FOR THE ARMY
Commissioner Higgins Com
ing to the Pacific
Coast.
A NOTED SALVATIONIST
He Has Carried the Flag of
Blood and Fire Into Many
■ Lands.
FROM SOUTH AFRICA TO CHILE
His Mission to the Coast Is to Visit
Comrades of Every Rank and
Grade.
Commissioner Higgins, about the great
est globe-trotting man in the Salvation
Army, is to visit the Pacific Coast next
month. He has been to most of the army
stations all over the toorld, but he is now
paying his first visit to the United States.
His name is a household word in the Sal-
Commissioner Higgins of the Salvation Army.
vation Army and there will be great dem
onstrations here in his honor.
The commissioner is considered to be
one of the representative men of the
army, which be joined as long ago as
1878. At that time he was a prosperous
biscuit manufacturer at Reading, a town
not very far from London. Mr. Higgins
was a temperance advocate, but he looked
with distrust upon the army, the mem
bers of *t hich he considered to have a
great deal more zeal than discretion.
One day, to his surprise, a member of
the army asked him to use his influence
to obtain a permanent hall, in Reading
itself, for the Salvation Army. Mr. Hig
gins was almost paralyzed by the audacity
of the request, and be replied that he
would not use his influence toward getting
a single brick, much less a hall.
The future commissioner was interested,
however, in such sublime audacity, and
he attended an army meeting to see what
the thing was like. That sealed his lute,
for he was converted straightway, and at
General Booth's request gave up manufac
turing biscuits, to devote himself to
getting recruits lor the Cross of Blood and
Fire.
For a while the new recruit was plain
"Mr. Higgins," but after two years of gen
eral army work he suggested a financial
system to General Booth for raising funds
among army people. The plan was at
once adopted experimentally and was
found to work so well that after four years
of it Mr. Higgins was appointed financial
secretary at international headquarters, a
position which he held till 1894.
At the breaking up of the International
Jubilee Congress, Commissioner Higgins
was made a special representative to any
part of the world where it might be
thought that his experience might Lie
useful. His first journey was to South
Africa, where he took special delight in
seeing the way Zulus were flocking into
the fold.
The brother of the terrible Cetewayo,
the late Zulu King, came to visit him, and
the commissioner had the pleasure of im
parting his first inkling of Christianity to
tbe great chief.
One of the parts of the world in which
the commissioner has civen agreatimpetus
to army work is Deraarara. He Bwore in
150 recruits recently at Georgetown, and
he snid afterward that he believed every
shade of color known to the human race
was represented in the serried ranus of
those recruits.
In the West Indies Commissioner Hir
gina has done a great deal of work among
the people of African descent, and he has
been instrumental in inducing General
Booth to form a West Indian territory as
soon the officers and money can be
found to open up other islands in the Carib
bean Sea.
The Argentina and Uruguay have been
fields where Commissioner Higgins has
extended the borders of the Salvation
Army, aud he ha* strongly recommended
the opening of Chile. It is believed that
his coming to the United States is due to
Consul Emma Booth-Tucker.
MARRIED THIRTEEN TIMES.
Mrs. Either German's , Most , Recent
Hatband Is No w Sains for UlToroe.'.
Mrs. Esther German will, probably soon
be an eligible in the matrimonial market.
She has been married;, thirteen times al
ready, bnt that will no doubt trouble her
very little in case the right man comes
along. Her v present husband, Louis Ger
man, is suing ncr lor divorce. He is now
a firm believer in the malevolent influence
of the number 13.
German is not a German, but is a Slav.
He came to this country from Vladivo
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
stock, Siberia, and despite the fact that he
has been in San Francisco for nearly five
years can speak little English. His attor
ney, M. H. Wascerwitz, tells his story lor
him.
It seems that in 1883 German was
possessed of $600. He met the woman
who is now his wife and says that she
pined for the six hundred sfmoleons he
owned. Seeing no better way to get it the
lady of many husbands wooed, won and
married him. Then, he says, she borrowed
tb.e money from him, thrned him out of
doors and when he returned and de
manded his trunk, had him arrested for
battery.
German was subsequently released and
broueht suit for the $600 for which he ob
tained judgment. Then he sued for
divorce yesterday. The case was before
Judge Daingerfieid on a motion to have
an order to pay the wife counsel fees and
alimony pending trial rescinded. German
testified tliat he worts onjy about three
months per year as a furrier and that he
has bad no motiey for months and cannot
obey the court's order.
Tne arguments as to what can be done
in the case will be submitted on briefs.
MORGAN'S TYPEWRITER.
The Dead Train-Robber's Machine Was
Stolen From Visalia When a Safe
AY as Cracked.
From information received yesterday
Captain Lees was able to state that Mor
gan, the young train-robber who was shot
near Sacramento while attempting to rob
the overland express, was an old hand at
the business.
The typewriter which Morgan had left
at his City headquarters on East street,
near Market, was positively identified as
the property of the Puget Sound Lumber
Company. William P. Barnes, who was
typewriter and bookkeeper of the com
pany at Visalia, recognized the machin' .
It was stolen from tbe lumber company's
Visalia office April 26, lfc&i, wben the
office was broken into and the safe blown
open by burglars.
'Suspicion that they were responsible for
the daring robbery in the San Joaquin
Valley has consequently fallen upon Mor
gan and his outlaw companions.
Several employes of the circus, who had
not seen Morgan's photograph Thursday,
when shown it yeeterday unhesitatingly
stated that he was "Doc" Morgan, who
haunted the circus camp in winter quar
ters at Columbus, Ohio, last winter.
A NEW FREE CLINIC.
Poor Patients to Be Treated at
St Joseph's Hos
pital.
Sisters in Charge Will Furnish McdL
cines, Bandages, Etc., Free to
ths ladigent.
To further enlarge the scope of Bt.
Joseph's Hospital, on Buena Vista ave
nue, it has been decided to add a free
clinic, to be open to the poor on Saturdays
at- 10 a. M. The purpose of this clinic is to
give the poor a cnance to consult reput
able and experienced physicians free of
. charge.
The clinic will at first be held at the
hospital at the time designated. Further
facilities will be added from time to time,
as its needs may require. The sisters in
charge will furnisn medicines, bandages
and all that is needed, at cost price to
those able to pay it, and free to the indi
gent. '
St. Joseph's Hospital is perhaps less
known than other similar institutions, as
its management ha 9 always done its coai
ity in a quiet but effective way. It ia in
etiarge of the Franciscan Sisters of
Charity.
It was established some eight years ago
to carry out a bequest of a wealthy ludy,
who had been an invalid during the last
years of her life and who had wished to
benefit others by the abundant means at
her disposal. The sisters enlarged upon
the original idea and took in the acutely
ill as well as the chronic sufferers, and
slowly but surely they have established a
charitable hospital second to noue in the
City.
The hospital ha 9 now some 120 patients,
over half of whom are charity patients.
Twenty-two sisters have charge, and are
themselveß governed by a superioress.
The entire work of the hospital — nursing,
housekeeping and all the manual work — ia
done by the sisters. They manage tha
place the best they can, subsisting on
chanty, and are always ready to give their
half loaf to the needy.
There are several pnysicians connected
with the Hospital. Dr. Eichler, woo has
just returned irom a trip abroad, has for
years been tbe physician in charge. Dr.
de^Kchi has been the consulting surgeon
since the sisters took charge. The present
staff consists of Dr. Eichler, Dr. de Vecchi,
Dr. Gale, Dr. Maau and Dr. Sartori as
pathologist. They will treat tne poor at
the free
• — • — •
A Cashier Held for .Embezzlement.
Thomas S. Altherstone, who was iormerly
employed as cashier of the local branch of the
Singer Sewing Machine Company, was ex
amined in the Police Court yesterday on two
charges of felony embezzlement. He was ac
cu.M'd of appropriating lo hi* own uses $300
and $250 belonging to the company. The
Court held him for trial in the Superior Court
on both charges aud set bis bail at $1500 on
each.
T.HE SUJMDJJY G7ILL.
; ... Jh- y
THE GREAT FAMILY
NEWSPAPER
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
******************
f *
* IF LI HUNG CHANG 4*
* CAME TO *
J SAN FRANCISCO. = : *
• -^^-^ .
% THE ADVENTURES OF A X-
-4 SAN FRANCISCO 4!
*%? MERCHANT in EUROPE, tb
* ASIA and AFRICA. .4*
*jb : : .—■.-.•—• tb
AN UNCONVENTIONAL *
I JOURNEY. •;».-
-4* ICE CAVES OF %
* ARIZONA. <b
4» - — - — —~~ 4*
* THE CHAMPION DOG *"
£ OF STOCKTON. *
% THE POSSIBILITY %
|. OF SOUND AS A
* MECHANICAL MOTOR. 4?
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
r - M:: • - Off for a Six Months' Tripi °° jgj
1 PLUG I
m No matter how much you are §§
g charged for a small piece of other g
gj brands, the chew is no better than If
|| "Battle Ax/ For JO cents you 1
|1 get almost twice as much as of 8
I other high grade goods, : M
COSMOPOLITAN.
Opposite U. 8. . Mint, • 100 and 102 Fifth St., Saa
Francisco, Cat. —The most select tamil-s ; hotel in
the city. Board and room 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. . Meals 25c. Rooms 503
and 75c a day. Free coach to ana from the hotel.
Look tor in.- coach bearing the name of the <Joj-
mopoiiuiD Hotel Yfii, . f Ailii i, Proprietor
Jj MWLCOX compound
ANSY@PULS
■ Safe and anre relief, never lalL others
MX are Imitations. At all druggists. Write for
|W Woman'i Safeguard FREE.WIf.COX Jl.KDl-
wixx Co., --} So. Elglita St., fhlUmla., £>«,
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver lower
Wheat higher and active.
Otner Cerenls quiet,
llay depressed.
Beans more active.
Onions and Potatoes very cheap.
Vegetables down to nothing .
Butter getting easy.
Ranch Egss firm.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Frnit about the same.
.More demand for Wine Grapes.
Dried Fruits unchanßed.
Woo! market In better shape.
Heats unchanged.
Provisions In fair demand.
Coal continues cheap.
Twenty-nine Failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 29
/allures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
lor the week rndiug yesterday as compared with 22
lor the previous week and 24 for tho corresponding
weeK of 189fi. The failures are dividea among ihe
trades as follows: 3 general merchandis**. 3 sa
loons, 1 dry goods. 1 cig»rb->x manufacturer. 1
restaurant, 1 vegetab>s. 1 drugs, 1 millinery, 1
butcher. 1 stoves and tinware, 4 grocers, 2 har
ness. 1 Jewelry, 1 fuel and feeii, 1 boots and shoes,
1 pickles. 1 news company, 1 plumber, 1 lisb,
1 tailor. 1 clothing.
LARGE COINAGE OF DOLLARS
The three United sta.es mints coined $2,650,
-000 In standard dollars in August, the largest
amount in alo g time. For July ibis coinage was
K1,0b2.000. Tne gold coinage for August was $3,
-315.000.
COMMERCIAL FAILURES.
Liabilities in commercial failures for the first
week of September were $4,095,690, against $-.',•
157.751 lasiye-u-, $1. 538,539 In 1894 and $5,319,
-098 in 893.
The failures tor the week have been 315 In the
United States, against 187 last year and 47 in
Canada, against 34 last year.
■explanation.
The arrow flies with -.he wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth 3,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomitanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually, first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In th« interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars Of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and coidei
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEB BUREAU REPORT.
Un-itkd States Depabtmkkt of Agricul
ture. Weatheb Bceeau, Sax Fbancxsco, Sept.
11, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 62, Red Bluff 90. San Francisco 61,
Fresno 92, San Luis obispo 76. Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 72, Ynma 98
Sau trancisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 52, mean 56.
Tbe pressure has fallen daring the past
twenty-four hours over the southern half of the
Pacific Slooe and an area of low oresEure is cen
tral to-nigh; over Northern Nevada. It will prob
ably move southward, causing rain in Utah. Neva
da and l.as:> ru California Saturday night and in
Arizona Sunday.
The temperature has risen rapidly over Utah,
Nevada and Arizona. It has fallen decidedly over
the Northern Sates. Throughout California it
has remained stationary.
Rain has fallen generally in Montana, Idaho and
Eastern Oregon
Forecast made at San Franrlsco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 12, 1896:
Northern California— Increasing cloudiness Sat
urday with conditions favorable for showers in the
Sacramento Valley and northeastern portion of
the State Saturday afternuon and nigh:: south
easterly winds inland: light westerly winds on the
coast.
southern California— Increasing cloudiness Sat
urday: fresh wes erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy and threatening Saturday,
probably showers in the northern portiou; colder
nlxht in the northern portion.
L'tah — Cloudy Saturday and probably showers;
colder Saturday night and Sunday.
Arizona— lncreasing cloudiness and probably
thunder showers in the eastern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloudi
ness with conditions favorable for showers Satur
day night and Sunday morning; fresh southwest
erly winds.
A. G. Mcadie. Local Forecast Official.
>"KW YOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NKW YORK. N. V., Sept 11. — The stock
market at the opening ruled weak, and in the first
ten minutes or so of business pr ces declined any
where from 14 to 4 per cent. Lower cables from
London and a report that the Bank of Kngland
rate of discount would be advanced to 3 cent
accounts for th- weakness of the market at that
time. Louisville and Nashville was a marked ex
ception, the firs, transaction showing a gain of %
per cent. Subsequently the stock moved up to 42,
against 39% at the close of yesterday. . The
strength of tne stock was brougnt about by the
decision of Judge Spear ordering the restoration of
rales by tne Seaboard Air Line and the southern
states Freight Association. Southern stocks have
been freely sold of late on the idea that the roads
ha '. entered on a ruinous warfare-
Judge Spear's order-, however, put an entirely
different complexion on affairs, and this was fully
appreciated by the bears to-day. The rise In
Louisville and Nashville checked the downward
movement in the general list, and later when it
was rumored from London that indications
pointed to "additional shipments of $30,000,000
gold to New York the market developed con
siderable strength, all money lent at 4 per cent,
and ; stock exchange borrowers supplied their
wants, and then unemp ; oyed balances were of
fered at '-', and this added to the bullish feeling.
Heavy deposits of cold ' at the sub-treasury also
assisted those offering for higher prices.
The advance ranged from Vi to- 2.% - per cent
outside of Lacknwunnu, which Jumped from the 6%
to 168 on covering of a long standing short In
terest. Sugar rose 2% to 116%; tooacco, 1%
to66Vi: Burlington. .2% to, 68: Chicago Gas, 5
to 6J%: -Northwest, 1% to 97%: Si. Paul, 2 to
71%; Manhattan, 2% to 84%; Jersey Central, %
to 101%: Keating, 1 to 1534; Southern Railway,
preferred, 1% to 21%: Tennessee loal. 1% to
21%: United states Lea: li«r, preferred, 114 to
50J/4. and Western Union, 1% to 81%. ■
Speculation Closed firm in lone, the usual active
issu. s sbow:ng net gains of V4@2Vs cm. Total
5£?5,2:" ere 173 - 2 shares, i"C" '»"«; 37.300 Sugar
S6.9no.St. Paul, 17.200 Burlington and 16,600
Loulsvllie and Nashville. ; . ,'.%]■
nm« on<Js i . re strong. ToUl sales were only $682.
-000. AtcliKon fours advanced Ito 34, C B ana Q.
e fl- n V?h?o fi < es 'i 3/ * 973 /*' Iow * Central firsts 3
to 92 Ohio .Southern firsts 2 to 83, Omaha Con<ol
nion Elevated sixes 1 10 72.
In Oovernni. Nt bonda »51. 00 coupon fours of
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YOiiK STOCKS.
WHbfcLOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfT St., ToL, Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE
138 Market M., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main £828
J. S. PUKUY. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tation*. Refereooelst Nalioi "i Bank. a. F.
cuiCAOo. rta\A,-i* wikjc mew xook.
1925 brought 11 53/4 <i«l 15 v«. and $2000 registered
fours of 1907 biought 106%.
< rain.
FlvOVß— Unchanged: steady.
KYK FLOUR— DuII, steady. $2 2S@2 75.
COHSiIEAL Quiet: ye low Western, $1 95@2.
RVK-Quiet: Western, 40c. fab.
BAULKY— Quiet; 48 pounds, «I%C, f. o. b.
BARLEY MALl— Quiet. Western, 48@63c.
WHEAT— Moderately active, firmer: .No. 2 re*
f. o. b. 076.8°: ungraded red, 57(a,68c; No. 1
Northern, ÜbVic.
Options were more active and closed strong at
l@iy*c advance on firmer cables, better foreign
buying and local covering. DeceniDer and ay
most act ye. .\o. 2 red, May, 69% c: September,
64 %0; October, 64S/ 8 o; Dece"mb<?r, tibfyfic
CORK — Stronget, quiet; No. 2, 25%@26c eleva
tor; 26%@27c ano»u
Options were moderately active and firm at s.s®
%c advance following the Wes and on local cov
ering; December and May most active; September,
2f>v 8 c: October, *63/gc: December, 27% c; May,
30c
OATS— Spot quiet, firmer.
Options stronger, quiet; -September, 20c; Octo
ber, 20c; Decemoer, 21c
' pot prices: No. 2. 20c; No. 2 white, 24c;
No. 2 Chicago, 21c: >o. 3, 18c: No. 3 while. 21c;
mixed Western, 20@21c: white do, 20(§,29%c.
i ri'riilnni
I.A HP-Quiet, weak: Western steam, fS 62%;
city, 's3 35; September. $3 55; refined, dull; con
tinent. S3 95; bouin American. $4 40: compound,
b%@ic
I'ORK-Stcarty; new mess, $7 50@8 25.
BUTTER— Moderate demand:' Western dairy,
h@)2c: do creamery, 11%@16%c: do factory, 7%
@ll%c: Bigins, 16%; imitation creamery, 10©
12% c. r»
.' •CHEESE— Fair demand, firm; part skims, 2@
5%c: full 111-1, l%c
Mi<is-Qulet. choice steady: Western fresh,
14%&16 c; do it case, $1 80@2 85.
1 ALLOW— city, 3 l-i6@3Vic: country,
3V*@3%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady; crude, 21c; yellow,
23%(5U4c.
ROLE IM— Firm; refined, $6 80; Phila
delphia, $7 50.
RlCE— fairly active ; firm; domestic, S%@siyic;
Japan, 4%c.
MoLASsJSS- Firm; fair demand; New Orleans,
27@«7c. .
FLAXSEED— 72c
COFFEK— Options steady; unchanged to 6 points
down; September, ?i 95'a9 25; October. *« 65®
8 76: December, *8 40@555: January, $8 45:
March, $8 46© 4 60; .May, $8 40&8 55. bpoi Rio,
dull, steady: .\o. 7, 10Vj«c.
J-I'iAj — Quiet, steady. Mold A, .*>c; standard
A, 434c; couiectioners' a. 4%c; cut loaf, 6«/sc:
crushed, ii3/ c; powdered, su; granulated, A c;
cubes, 5c
r Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New. Bags, B@loc
■ PKACHES— OId, peeled, ii:(^l4c; unpeeled, 6
@Be.
PRUNES- Four sires, 4S / i(dsc.
KAISINS— . wo-crown, loose Muscatels. S%®
4c: do three-crown. 6(g)sVi' : do lour-crowu. SV->c;
do. London layers, 41(4115; do clusters, $l~2j
(0.1 40.
HOPS— Easy, dulL Paclnc Coast. B@6%c
• WOOL-Moderate demand. Domestic fleece,
13@23c; puuea, iB(£3lc; lex as, 10c.
M <-roiiuMil U«,
r«. JFOJf— Fairly active. American. *10 26®
12 50.
10l PFP-steady: lake. SlO 66iaiO 85.
1 tAu-Firm; comestic. S2 77%®.; 82%.
UN-Steady; siralla, *13 10»i.i 20: plates
steady.
tl-tLTEK- Quiet; tfomeqtle. $3 bO@3 60
IIiICAUO MJLXMJ£t&.
CHICAGO, fix,"; Sept. 11.— The effect of the
Government report on wheat was scare ely notice
able In he market for that grain this moral g.
The deductions made from the conditions given
d:d not differ greatly from what was expected, so
that traders lound no incentive for action in the
document. Heavy Nortnwcstern receipts were of
greater moment as a consideration, and under
their influences prices depreciated. Minneapo.is
and Duiuth received 1143 cars against 848 last
Friday. and 1077 a year ago. Chicago arrivals
were vB3 cars, 14 more than expected, and 71,696 !
bushels were withdrawn from store. About the
middle 01 the session the St Louis market began
10 advance, and priced htre responded. While Ihe
rally was in progress heavy export sale at New 1
Yoric, 30 cars, and good clearances for the day,
414,765 bushels, were announced and encouraged
additional buying. The b Ue which too* place
carried prices about l%c over yesterday's final
quotations. . Cloning Paris and Berlin cables were
higher, and Antwerp was unchanged.
snorts exhibited considerable nervousness and
bought freely in the latter part of the session, the
I best figures of the day being then recorded. De
cember wheat opened from 58%^ to 6814 c sold
ween 57%cand 585 8 closing a. 69yj@A9%c,
l%c higher than yesterday.' Estimated receipts
for 1 o- morrow, 226 cars.
CORN— The falling off in the condition of corn,
as testified to by the Government in its report
Issued yesterday, was somewtiat greater than ex
pected. This was of considerate importance as a
factor in the market, causing a strong tone, which
for a long time resisted the weakness conveyed
early by wheat. Receipts - were 489 en, and
356,300 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cables were firm and unchanged. Wita
wheat b om:ug, later in the session, corn »ympa
th lied witn it,' advancing materially. Export
clearances amounted to 274,418 bushels. May
corn- opened at 24% c sold between 23%cand
24V4C. closing at tin- ou.side V4C to ft/fee uigher
tiia.i yesterday. Es.lmated receipts for to-mor
row. 235 cars. • -
OATS— The showing on the oat crop by the Gov
ernment was better man the trade baa been led
to believe it would be, and cojsequemly mere was
le»s inducement to buy this grain. Prices were
the more easi.y influenced by the weakness of i
wheat. Receipts were 342 cars, and 66.705 bush
els were taken from store. The later buoyancy- of
the other markets reached oats, and a complete
recovery resulted. May oats closed a/«c higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 315 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, C434r<Etssc; Septem
ber. 61% c; December. t>6%@b<i7ic; May, 7'Jc
bid,. 73c asked. Receipts were 112 cars.
PROVISIONS— Opened steady on a firm hog
market, but wl.hln the first thirty minutes dis
played a complete lots of strength, and as the sur
rounding markets were all more or less depressed,
1:1 ere ,vas no.hing calculated to stimulate prices.
When .eat bulged later in the session provis
ions recovered through sympathy. January pork
and ribs cosed a shade under yesterday, and Jan
uary lard 2%c to be lower. :
BUTTER— Tne demand for butter to-day was
good, and a general satisfactory condition ex
isted. Offering were moderate.
Creameries— Extras, 16c 1* Jb: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds. ' 10@l.c; imitations, fancy, 12®..
Kainea— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@lzc: secouds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%®10c; firsts, B<mB%c; packing
stock, 6«7c: grease. 4@sc.
EGOa- Were in urgent demand and firm. Off
erings were only moderate. fresh stock, 12WA
13c *j dozen.
Ai'iNt*— Was 6®7X on call and 1% on time
loans. .New York exchange sold at *1 10 dis
count.
are re-
Closing: Prices.
59%": mber - 67% c; December, 69S/ a a
56% c: May, 63%. '* p
CoKN — September. 20% c; December, 218/a®
21% c; May, 24Vic . Yaw
OATb— SeptemDer. 15% c; May. 19V»c.
PORK— September. $5 70; January, «6 62%.
X.AKl>— September. *8 20; January, »3 60.
Lli.sl— beptemoer, 53 05; January, $3 30. 1
' Livestock.
TJNrON STOCKYARDS, lix.. Sept. 11.— Trade
in cattle • was dull. The demand was slow and
offerings fair. The local and shipping demand for
bogs was moderate, and medium lots were strong
Com. iion kinds were not wanted and were weak
The sheep market was fairly active and steady
CATTLK - ReceiDts. 3000. Fancy beeves.
*5 10ig.5 30: choice to crime. 1300 to 1700 Ib steers.
$4 70«»o 65: good to choice steers. 1300 to 1600 &>
*4 MO fa, 4 66; medium steers, 1000 to 300 Ib, $4 00
(a.4 26: fair beef, steers. 950 to 1300 lbs.
S3 70 «8 3 95: butcher steers. 83 10 <$ 3 65
-choice stockers and ieeders, 900 to 126(i Ib (3 411
@D 3 80: fair do. 500 to 876 &>, $2 50(53 3b; bulls,
choice to extra, $2 80(513 25: bulls, poor to cnoice
82 00@2 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. $3 50
I*3 75; cows, lair to choice, $2 25@3 40; iows,
common to fair canners. $1 25@2 10: calves, good
to choice. C 5 2&@5 76: calves, common to good,
S3 00@5 20: Texas grass steers, *-j 3 *(s.•) 00.
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7502 50; stern can
ning steers, $2 65^4; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 20&3 50: milkers and springers. fi head,
$^o@3B. Western range steers, *2 &o@3 80.
. jtious — Receipts. 23,000. iieavy , packlne ana
(•hipping lots. $2 7503 25: ■ common to choice
mixed, $2 80<$3 40: choice ■ assorted. $3 HO(A
3 40: light, $3 10&3 46: pigs. $1 505.3 25.
mKtf- liect- ins. 500 U. interior to choice, *24i
2 90; lambs, *2 60 3,3 75. -
CALIFORNIA FADIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Im., Sept. 11.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day at follows: Pears—
Bartletts. 75c@l 45. G rapes -Tokay, 55c@$l 60.
Prunes-Gros, $1 70; Hungarian. $1 40#$l 50:
German. $1 15. Quinces— sl 25@1 30. Peaches-
Orange cling, 60fflK0.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Bept. 11.-Porter Bros. Corn
pan • sold California fruit to-day as fol'ows-
Grapes- 1 okays, $. 10@2 40 » half crate; Mus
cat, fioc<ssl4o; assorted, $1 55@1 75: Rose de
Pern, 70c Pears— Harrietts, $1 46@1 80 f« box
anl /5®95c half box: while Doyenne and
B'-nrre d'Anjou. $1. Prunes— German, $160 «
hal L c £> Me: sllver . f l ® l 40. Plums-E; C , 95(@
$1 SO * half crate. Peaches-Salway, 75c<a«l rS
ft box: Picquet's Lute, 86c@$l 10; Yellow Free
stones, $1.
DUN'S BETIKW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V.. .«ept. 11.-R. o. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Better prospects and relief from monetary anxiety
do not yet bring demands for finished products,
though larce buying of plglron, wool, leather,
hides, cotton and other materials continue to show
a growing belief that a good upward movement In
prices will come with the replenishment of deal
ers' stacks this fall. Most prices are extremely
low. so that nothing more than nn ordinary de
mand would advance them. But bank fa lures at
New Orleans cause temporary hesita:ioa. Crop
returns in< icat« disappointment in some cotton
and some spring wheat states, prices of corn and
oas make it v profit bl* to -ell at present, the
number of manufacturing works and niint-s In op
eration do s do: gain but rather decreases, reduc
tions of wages «re somewhat .lunipi-ous, ocrasion
allv resis:ed by stritces, and al these condition*
(Hminisu for a lime the buying power of the
peorle.
While many think ?one:al Improvement cannot
come until the flection bHs remove 1 poi tlcal un
certainties, others expect soon to see the result
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
an'icioated in trade. The weekly output of pig
iron decreased 26,766 tons in August to 130.500
tons, against 217.300 in November, a shrinkage of
40 per cent. Other works still have stopped
September began. Unsold stocks increased U-,
-068 tons in August exclusive of those accumu
lating in tbe hands of great steel companies. Sales
of wool for the week have about equaled the nor
mal consumption for the first t;mc in several
months, not because manufacturers have more
work, for no gain is seen In the demand or out
puc. The buying is main y speculative, based on
the belief that price* must advance.
No consldeiable decease aupears In the
enormous siock of print cloths, although the out
put has bt-en reduced about one-half for two
months, and a fifth of the year's production re
mniiis in the hands of the matters, bnt ihey have
advanced the price three-sixteenths during the
week. For other goods there Is a better demand,
and manufac urers have advanced prices 1 ecuus"
.of the rising cost of mater. al. the avernge for all
cottons having risen 5.3 per cent since August 6
but stocks of many kinds are larse
The Financial Chionlc c's annual report, issued
today, makes .be last crop of cotton 7,162.473
bales, the consumption orth aud South "J. 695
,-810. a> d the exports 4,712,912 during the car.
No account of southern mill stocks is attempted
and no estimate Is yet given of tue new crop com
ing forward. Accounts of disappointing returns
in sp ing wheat States are numerous, but it is
difficult to reoonile short estimates with the
heavy marketing at low pr.ces. Corn is almost
wholly ou of danger, and the yield is generally
expected to be the largest, as the price is the low
esi ever Known.
Stocks grew steadily strongi r till Thursday,
although railroad earning.., nre not stimula' ing.
The average for railroad stocks has risen slightly,
aud ior l usts over $1 per share, no-.wi.hstanding
much lealizmg of profits, especialy since tne
failures in New Orleans.
Tbe tide of g-<ld imports still runs strongly this
way. further engagem -nts lifting ihe aggregate to
$28, 620.000, of uhuh $23,172,050 l.aye arrived.
The prospect led the Bank of England to r Ise its
discount ra es from 2 to 2% per cent and some
selling for foreign account followed in stocks.
The .\ew Orleans bank failures were followed by
unusual offerings of cotton bills and the interior
demand for money also increased, the net outgo
being $3,350,000.
BANK CLKAKIXGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 11.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
September 10, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
Bradsireet'a:
Percentage
CrxiKß. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $420,805,261 26 9
Boston 64,478.503 27.7
Chicago 6>\0d1.900 21.2
Philadelphia 43,575,ti12 28.3
St. Louis 19.615,000 "2:4.2
Pittsburg 11. 78,191 11.1
Cincinnati 8,705.600 23.8
Baltimore U,yr<3,264 12.2
Snn Francisco 10,275.705 4.6
KansaaCity ; 8,7 «*,SBS 16.3
New Orleans 6,906,039 9.0
Louisville 4,645,194 9.6
Detroit 4.065.586 36.0
Minneapolis 5.526.087 34.9
Cleveland 6.309.084 8.7
Providence 3.879.600 2.V9
MilwauKee. S.ii9T,7BS 22.3
lndlanaoolis 2,896,421 6.1
Burtalo 3,749,685 14.6
St. Paul 3,337.359 8.7
Omaha 2.828.48-' 23.0
Co.umbus, Ohio 2,713,400 7.8
Denver 1,726.«-;O 34.8
Salt Lake 832,542 27.6
Los Angeles 855.192 26 6
Portland, Or 1.026,665 ) .5
Tacoma 421,437 31.8
Stattle 45. ,903 104
Spokane 367. 7U6 16.6
Totals U. 8 8759,02H,J34 ...... 24.2
Outside of New Voric
City 388,728.983 213
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Total $16,384,295 18-6
M-\> lUl.n Ai'UUKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares*
Money on call Is easy at . 405%: last loan
at 4% and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile
paper, »@9\'. i-»r silver. ts&'&;. Mexican dollars, 61
| @53c: (sterling Kxchange is steady, with actual
I business in banker's' baits at $4 HlVit®* Hl'A
for « sty days, and $4 83^434 84 for Mematm.
Posed rates, $4 h2Vj>®-J 84J^. Commercial bills,
$4 >ofa.4 81. Government oonds easier. BUMS
| bonds dull. Railroad bonds strong. Silver at the
board was neglected.
cxopin-o KTOfv:n.
A m T« * Cable.. .. SB Norfolk * Westrn. 8 /4
Atchlson 12 | Preferred. 124*
Preferred 17% Northern Pacific... 12V4
Adams Express 142 Preferred. 1 1 fyg
Alton. Terre Haute 66 Northwestern 98
American Kxpresslo7 Preferred 14 - J
AmerlcanToDacco. 64% N. Y. "Central, 92
Preferred 93 N.Y. , Chicago** L. 9%
Bay BtateGas...... 164 Ist preferred..... 63
Baltimore Ohio.. 14 yd preferred 26%
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H. 187
buffalo, Koch &P. 17 N. V A New Eng. '.'0
Canada Paclttc... 67% N. V., Susq & W... 9
Canada Southern.. 44 > Preferred..: 22%
Canton Land.* 601/8 Ontario 11
Central Pacific Ontario dt Western la
Ches. & Ohio x "- i ls Ori>con Ixniirovmn; %
Chicago Alton. 152 Preferred —
Preferred. 166 Oregon Navigation 12
! Chicago. B. <& Q 67% Oregon Short Line. 13
1 Chicago E. 111... 38 Pacific Mail . .. 18
Preferred. I'O reoria, D. «t Evans 1%
ChlcagoGas « Vs Plttsbure & W. pfd 15
CleveA Plttsbnrg..l6s .Pullman Pa1ace... .142
i Consolidation Coal. 31 [Quicksilver.... 1%
Consolidated Gas.. i Preferred. 15
C. C. C. it SU Louis 25%|Readlnc 1&%
' Preferred. 75 ißioGrande&Westn' 16
Colo. Fuel * iron.. 18%! Preferred. 40
Preferred.... 90 Kock Island 60V 8
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12 (Rome Wat&Ogden. 107%
Commercial Cable. 125 ELLAS, W 3*l
Del. Hudson- 121 I Preferred. 7%
Del. Lack&Westrn. 165 ,Su Paul 71Vs
Denver &R.Q..... 10% Preferred. 12«%
Preferred. 41^ H. Paul A Dulutb, 16
Distillers .— - 1 Preterred.. 76
General Klectrlo... 276/ 8 Bt. Paul & Omaha. 37%
trie 12»/ | Preferred. ....... 117
Preferreo 29 ft. P. M. 4 M 103
Fort Wayne. 145 silver Certificate*. 65%
Great Northern pfd 112 'Southern Pacific... 13
Green Bay... % Southern K. X 7%
Harlem. ........... 300 Preferred ..21%
Hocking Coal Su?ar Refinery .... U6V4
! Hocking Valley.... 15 Preferred. 100%
Homestake. 34% Term. Coal A Iron. 25%
! B. & Texas Cent... Preferred.. ... 80
Illinois Central 88 Texas Pacific 6%
lowa Central 7 ToI.A.A-AN.Micli.—
Preferreo 25% Tol. & Ohio Cent... 2%
Kansas <fc Texas... 10 Preferred.. 60
Preferred 22. Tol.BuLouisdt X.CL &
Kingston A Pern... 3 | Preferred. 15
L»l£e Erie A WestD 16 Union Paclnc. . Mi
Preferred. 65 C. P. Den <fe Golf.. 1%
Lake Shore 143 V. B. Coraace 3%
National Lead 20% Preferred. ... 71/4
Preferred. 82 Guaranteed ...... 14
Long Island... 65 U. a Express....- 85
Louisville & Nash. 41% U.K. Leather 71%
Louisville NadtCa 2% Preferred. . ... 48V4
Preferred. 6 U. S. Rubber. 18'
Manhattan Con sol. 8114 Preferred. 70
Memphis & Charts. 16 Ctica &B. River.. 150
1 Mexican Central... M Watt. H. L. & Pac.. 6V«
Michigan Central.. 87 Preferred 1.3/4
Minn&aL. — Wells-Fargo. 80
Preferred... — , Western Union.... EOS/i
Minn & St. L com: 14% Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred-.... 68 Wheeling &L. Ifi.. 6Va
2dpreferred...... 38 Preferred. 24
Missouri Pacific.. 19 Am Cotton OUpM. 46
Mobile Ohio 16 W. V. Beef. «Vi
Kashville<fc Chatt. 07% Aim Arbor 7
National Unseed.. 16 Preferred. 17%
N. J. Central.. iol Brooklyn Traction. .21
Nortii American... 4V4 trie 2d pfo. 17%"
fIfWINO bonus. '
Ala Class Ate 101 Northern 11 4
Do Class 84, 55.. 101 Do2ds 103
Alabama, ciaaa C 90 Do Sds . 66
Atcblson 4s 74 Do consdl" 6s '..*". 44%
Do2ds A... ..... 34 Olmprovement Ist 70
CanadaSouth2ds..lOO i D 065.... 9 ;
Cen lstsof '95. 991,4 C X <t N lsts. 109
Cherokee 4s, 1899.100 l;o :on«ol 65.!".. 83
£° }8»7 10U Or Short Line 6s!.. 107%
»°lBBB IOU Do cons 60™
Co 1899 ....100 racine-isof -»7....
«■. ?\* u °l? 10 »----l«« s /s l'hila<S eading 4s. 74%
T. h »*t« TrßcuBB 39V * Dolstrfdincam. 38*2
i,« * ??«•••— - — 1091 'i KGrandeWest lsts 69V4
I) " *" G «--— ll4 htlxfelronMtGen 5s 68
K .f?°*»- 87 L <t 8 F Gen 6s. 102 '
F.it **•••• •'... 69% Bt Paul Consols.... 123
mUUenCitylsts 49 |bt PCA Pa lsu... 112
OH 8A6.......101 go Carolina 4%5... 95
n Do2d 7 V: 100 Southern RR6s... 84%
Vi i^ !ec °* b *>*■■ 82% DoPacCallsts..llO
v * Tex Cent 6«.. 102 Term new 35... . 70
, Do con 85....'.. 102 Texas Pacific lsis. 80
lowa Central lsts.. 91% Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16%
Kansas Pa Consols 61 Union Pac Ist* W.lOl
r"r k a!\ eUdlVloB V 64s reg of 1*25.118%
£» Con »?' '•''' 90 Do4s, coupon... 11 5%
m 1 ?? < ? I n funUln *----r- * of 1907.106
tS:^ 2 * --- ■•■• 60^ -Do coupon.... 107
*"**•>...■.". hO I Do 2s '• ■91
Mobile & Ohio 48.'.' 60% iDosB..*.V..."*'*;l.lloVi
Mutual Union 65.. .107^ 1 o*s.coubon:...lloV4
> J Cent Gen ss. ..113% Vi funding debt... 66
N V C&st Louis 45102% Do registered — -
!Sor&WeBtGenßs.lls * Do deferred 6s. 6
I* Carolina con 45.. 90 Do trust repw st! 4
K DoGs :........ 110 Wabasn Ist 657.".103
Northwest Consols.l 32 l/4 West Shore 4a.. ...103
•Do deb 65..;...'.. 104 -
FOEEIGN MARKETS.
■WHKAT XX LIVKHPOfIL,
LIVERPOOL, Kno., BepL IL-The spot market
is firm. Cargoes firmer at 27s Sd, sellers,
prompt shipment.
FUTUKKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember, 5s J%d: October, 5s 2d; NovemWr. 6s
2Vid; December, 652% d; January, 6s 3d.
SKCUBITIKS.
LONDON, Ens., Sept. 10 —Consols, 111 1-16- sil
ver, 30S/ 8 d; French Rentes, 103f 15a
CHANGE AN O BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 83
sterling l-xchange, sight.;.. : — 4 85 "
Sterling Cables.... . — 4 86
New York Exchange, 5ight.......'. — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
line silver, * 0unce.. ......./:.... — 66W,
Mexican D011ar5................ 61% 62^
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AM> OTiiER GRAINS
WHEAT-The Sprlngburn takes for Hull 40.660
ctls, valued at f 93,400.
The market is aoilve and higher, in sympathy
with advanci ;i« Eastern aud toreluu markets. No
1, 97%@V8%c «« ctl; choice, fl; lower Kadesi
90@95c; extra choice for milling, $1 02%@l 06
■e l . c.i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal SESSION— 9:IS o'clock— December—
4000 ct's. 99!^c. • ' •'■
., s kcond December-4000ctls,$l: 8000,
$1 ooy 8 . * 'r ■ t . ... •■••■ •
Regular Morning session— December— Booo
Ctls SI 00%; 6000. $100%: «000, $1 003/.:
16.000, $1 00% May-2000, $1 04%: 2000.
$1 05.
■ ■ afternoon December— lB,ooo ells,
*1 00%. ,
_Ba < LEY— Shipment of 02,497 ctls Brewing to
England. The market shows no change. i We quote
Feed, 60@635,i c ft ct j. choice bricht. 65c 3» ctl:
Brewing. 72 V^@77^Vic spcU: Chevalier, 90c@$l for
CALL BOARD SALES-
Informal Session— 9:ls : o'clock— No sales.
Skcoxd Session— No sales..
Regular Morning session— December— 2ooo
ctls, 66V4C.
AFTERNOON SESSION— No Sales.
OaTS— Previous prices rule. New Feed, 75@86c
* rtl; old milling, 87%@9-%c: fancy feed. 92%
(a.95c: good to choice, t>s@92Vs : common o fair,
75®80c; Gray, 85©87%cf Surprise. 95c©$l 02%.
CORN— There is hard: v any demand wna:ever.
Large Yellow is quotable at S2%@Bsc: Small
Round do, 87%@90c %> ctl: White, 7t'@7sc. '■ '■■,■-■ •
RYE— 70@72y 2 c ft ctl for old and 62%@65c tor
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal at 86@95c * cU.
FLOUR ANl* MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, (3 4O(<o
3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
CORN MEAL. KTU.-Feed Corn. $19@19 60;
Cracked Corn. $19 50@:0 $ ton.
allLl.STl" —Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Hour, *2 50; Rice Mour, $5 75; Cornmeal,
$2 10: extra cream do, $2 75: 1 atmeal, $2 90; Oat
groats, $3 50: Hominy, S3 10@3 30; Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10(33 30: Cracked Wheat. $a 75; Fa
rina, $3 tO; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 SO: Rolled
Oats. $3 60: Pearl Marley, »3 50; bplllPeas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10 «l 100 lbs.
hay and feedstuffs.
BRAN— $l3@l3 50 for the best and f12@12 60
V ton for outside brands. ' • <',
MIDDLINGS— V ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 $» ton for the best.
FEELSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, *14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 it ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97%c@$i 05 ctl.
HAY— over 1000 tons arrived. Wheat, $7@10:
Wheat and (.at. $6@9: oat. *s<g»7 60; Barley. *6@
7; i.lver Barley. $4 50@6; Alfalfa, $5 60@« 50
for second and $4 6U@5 for first cutting: com
pressed $6@9; sloe*. $4©5; Clover. 6®7 50.
STRAW— ? bale.
BEANS AND SEtiDH.
BEANS— Considerable sales at the low prices
are reported. Bayos are quotable at $1(5,1 15 V
ctl; Small Whites, 95c@$l 10 9 ctl; Pea, »6c
tes 16 ? ctl; Large Whites, 85@96c ft ctl: Pink,
75® 5c « ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 %l til; .Black eye,
$1 25@1 50: Red Kidney, $lia;l 10; Limits, 180
(32 05: Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 65@2 66; Yellow
Mustard, $1 25@1 60; Flax. $1 3i.(ajl 35: Canary,
2V*@2%c i* ib; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%0;
Hemp, 3%c.
Dhl r.D PEAtS— $l 10@l 40 %i cU for NUes and
$1 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Over 7000 sacks came In. The feel
ing is very weak. Sweet Potatoes. $I@l 25: Garnet
Chiles, 60@65c cil: Early Rose, 2..@30c: Bur
bank seedlings, 25@30c tor Rivers and 60®80c for
Salinas.
ONIONS— Are weak and plentiful at 20@30c •$
ctl; Hckles, 5; c "$ sack.
VEUET.ABLKh-Marrowfat Squash is quotable
at $5@7 50 & '• ton; Green; Torn,
j> sack; Alameda ■ Corn, 50c@$l 9 crate;
Berkeley Corn.- 25@45c %* box: Summer
Squash, 20@25c ft box tor Bar: Egg Plant, 25<a»
40c V box: lomutoes. 10020 c ft box for Rivers
and 16@25c ~$ box tor Bay: Alameda Cucumbers,
15<ip0c; Plckes, 50@65c > box for No 1 and 2b@
&Oc "# ctl for No. 5^ 1 Green 1 ei»pers, 20@3 »c '■»
large box lor Chile and 20@30ctor Hell: flroen
Peas. 2c 'f* Ib for Garden; string Beans, 60(560c ~$
sack lor common and l%@2c %i It tor garden:
Limas, 50c@*l ■■$ suck; Green okra, 25®40c ft
box: Cabbage, 40c fl ctl; Carrots, 25®30c «4 sack;
Garlic, !®HJic;tJ It.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12@1 4c Ir Turkeys,
$3 60 tor Ducks, f5 60@6 foe Hens, $s(£. I ) 50
for young Roosters, $4@4 50 for old Roosters and
$2 50(a3 26 for Brohers"
Local stock Is d .11 and weak.
Live 1 urkes are quotable at 13@14c * Ib for
Gobbleri. 12@13c * Ib for ens: Geese, it pair.
$ @1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. *•_' 50@3
t* doz for old and $3 50©* 60 for young; Hens,
$4(34 50: Roosters, young, $.■( 50@4 ft dozen: do
old. «4@4 60: Fryers; tz 70@3: Broil, rs, $2 50®
3 tor large and $i:@2 50 lor small; Pigeons,
$1 5U@l 75 fl dozen lor young aud *1 25@1 50
for old.
AMI- Nominal.
BUT IKK, CHEKSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER-IS easy and quieter.
Crkamery— Fancy, 27@23c: seconds, 23@25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 23@24c: , good to choice, 19@
22% c; loner grades, 12%ai7J-WC f» Ib.
1-ICKLKD— 1.*@17l ■ 9 Ib.
Firkin — 14&IUC * Ib.
CHEi.>E-cuoice mild new, 9c f> Ib: common to
good oid, 6%<aB%c >. ib. Cream Cue<idar, 10@llc:
Young America. 9<aioc: Western, 10@llc; East
ern, 1 l@l.Hc f>. tb. -
EGG&— Ranch are firm and cleaning up rather
better. Oretnn an» quotable at 12(g13c tfdnren-
Eastern. 14%<516c for fair to choice and
Iho for fancy : store Eggs. 12@14c for ordinary and
15@17%c Jor good; ranch Eggs, 20^25c; cold
storage ranch, 17@18c; Duck eggs, lt>@l7 ft doz.
D£CII>UUUS AND CITRUS IRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
Figs are out of favor and lower. Peaches are
dull and weak.
Quinces, Bo@soc V box.
Peaches, 25(&4dc 9 box and 15® 25c * basket.
Plums. 26(|>50c » tiox: P. unes.4o@76c.
Pomegrona.es. 76<$86c box.
Apples, 75c@$l fl box for choice and 40060 c
for common.
Pears, 30@60c 9 box; Bartletts, 6l'@Bsc box.
Figs, 25(545c r* box for white and 25tt5Oc for
black.
BERRIKS—
Strawberries, ? @7 ft chest for Longworths and
$1 50@3 for large berries.
Raspberries, t3@4 ■? chest.
Black ben i<>s, $2@4 i» chest.
Huckleberries are very scarce and nominal.
GRAPES— Stocks are too heavy and the market
Is weak and dull. There is more call for Wine
Grapes. Seedless. 40@50c ft box: Isabellas, Ssc
(»$■ "£ crate: Tokays, 35@50<. box; Black Grapes,
251340 c 7* box: Muscats. 25@60c: Swt-etwaters
and Fontalnebleaux, 2&@35c v box; Grapes in
crates bring 6fdloc more than In boxes.
Zinfandel Wine Grapes, $20@24 @ ton.
MELONS— Cheap and plentiful. Watermelons,
$2@6 V- 100: Cantaloupes, 25@7Sc * crate; Nut
megs, lO@aoc ?i box. 1 .■-'■
CITRLS FRT : IT«— Oranges, $-'@3 iS box for
Vaienr las and $1 50 ft box for Mediterranean
Sweets: Lemons, 75c@$l 50 f> dox for common
dan *2 50@3 60 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
*6@6 f.o f, box: California Limes. 60@75c: Ba
nanas, $lQj»2fi bunch: Pineapples, f2@3"50 "$ doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— \.
. Quiet and unchanged.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: ,•-.,,
Carload Lots— Apricot*, 6@Bc ft Ib for Royals
and 9(a)10c %i Ib for choice ■ to fancy Moorparks:
Prunes. 3c %« tt>; Peaches. 3@4c V Ib for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy aDd 9@loc for peeled in
boxes; <Applfs, 6c for evaporated and 2@2%cfor
sun-dried ; Pears, 3V4@)4c lor prime to choice. 5c
tor quarters and 6c lor halves; Plums, 4c for pit
ted and l%r£2c Or piued: Nectarines, 3(a4c
for choice and 6c for fancy; white Figs, Sc; black.
Figs, 2V*@--'%c
Jobbing Pricks— New Peaches. 4%®5%c fl
Ib: fancy. 7c $ ib; new Apricots, 6@70 $ Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, -• 10@llc: - new evaporated
Apples, tic; sun-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for the four
sizes; new Figs, black. 2%c for unpressed and
3@3% for pressed: white lies, 4c: Plums, 6c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted; new Nectarines, 4
@5c t* B> for prime to fancy: Pears, 3%@4%c for
whole, 6c for quarters and 8c for halves. .
.RA 81NS- ■ -.
1 arl ad Pbic. ■, r. o. «. Fkisno— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown. 3Hc; 2-crown, 2%c; Seedless
Sultanas, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, «1 35; Dehesa
clusters, $1 76; Imperial clusters, »2 60; dried
Grapes, 2%0 $ Ib. " . .
Jobbino I'm es— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 334 c ib: 2-crown, »c Ib; seedless Bul
tanas, 5c ¥ Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $1 50. Dehesa clus
tery »2 60: Imperial clusters, - 2 50.
UTS— Quo. at lons are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c * Ib lor Languedoc,
— — » Ib lor hardshell and 9®loc '& It for pnper
shell. Jobbing; Peanuts 4@Bo %4 Ib for Eastern and
4c for California: 'Hickory Nuts, 6@6c ft Ib;
Perans, 7%@Bc; Filberts. 7%(gB^; Urazll Nuts,
' %98c t» tt<; Cocoannts, *4@5 "f» 100. .
•IiOXKY— comb, 10@12%c ior bright and s®9c
lor lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%&4% c; dark amber, 4@
*%c; "uric, 2@3c « Ibl f^
UEESWA3K2 6 @27c?n,
PROVISIONS.
CUBED MEATS— The demand for Meats Is
very fair. Bacon is quotable ■at • 6%c for
heavy, 7% c v Ib for : light medium. 9@9%0 fl ; Ib
for light, l'J@llc for extra lien:, and 12c for sugar
cored; Eastern sugar-cured • Hams, 12^12%c:
California: Hams, 10@llc » Ib; Mess Beef, $v@
8: extra mess do, $8: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; r extra clear. $13 ? bbl;
mess, 811 50@12 ¥ bol: >moKed Beef, 10c * Ib
i-ARD— Eastern tierces Is quoted, at 4 Vic i* Ik
for com pou mi and 6Vic for pure: / palls, • Be fi Ib;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and &%clor
pure; ba f-bbls, 6^e; 10- Ib tins, 6V4C: do 6-Ib
o%c f ft,. : , :■. , .. . ■
_ < •>'! 1 OLENE-6V d @6%c In half-bbls and 6%@
'Vs * tt> In 10-lb tins
HIDES,. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quotable 'at 6c f>. , Ib: : culls \ and brands,
.')@sVjc -'%»■" ft,; medium, 6c fi-; B>; culls and
brands, 4@4%c V Ib: light, 4c: culls and
braaa*. a@3%c;; Cowildis. 4@4%c: culls and
brands. ;-;@4c; salte«i Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c f. Ib:
salted. Veal, sc; drc-: Hides. 9u9%c: culls «nd
brai.us, Vc: dry Kip and V<-a1.7»8c; cull-, 6c;
dry (.air, ■ 11'® Uc; , culls, b(&9c; : Goutaklns. 1:0©
35c each: Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
25(a27%c: medium, 15® 2%c: winter, 7@loc;
(Sheepskins, shearines. lO^loc each: short wool,
20®35c each ; medium, 40(g.a0c each : long wools,
60^60 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
■1 AiiiiOW-No. 1. rendered, 2%(33c; no. 2,
2V4C: refined. 4Si@6c: Ureas*. 2c »l Ib.
WOOL— The circular of Jacob Wollner says:
"Our market, in sympathy with the Eastern mar
kets, shows more sales and inquiry. The sales in
the principal Eastern markets am nntid to ueany
7.00'J.000 lbs for the week, although- mills have
not started up. and the Wools went mostly to spec
ulators. li Is -on Ing to the Importation of gold
(which is making money easier; and the export of
W« ol to the European markets, of both Au.stra lan
and domestic, and the feeling and conviction in
the Eastern S.ates that McKI-iley will sure y be
elected and protection and ; sound money prevail.
In mv judgment, we have reached the turning
point, and will have from now on a steady mar
ket. 1 p"o not expect much higher values but a
steady demand. Wools are still from sto 10 per
cent higher in Europe than they are in this coun
try. Fall Wools ar» slowly coming in and are in
about the same condltio-i as last year." Bumboidt
and Mendocino are quo. able •at 10@llc: Val
ley Oregon, lO@llc ft Ib; do lower trades, 8@10c:
Nevada, 6@B *«; San Joaqnin and .-southern
Coast, six months, 4(&6c; • San Joaquin. foothill,
good to choice, 6%@i7%c; ■ Han - Joaquii, year's
fleece. 4@sL(,c; northern free. 7©9 c: do defective,
s<atiiAc 9 '■..:>.: .:,:-■-■ >r,
HOPS— Nominal at 2@3c.» It. for 1895.
GENERAL BIEiiCBANDISE
BARS- Calcutta (-rain Bags, spot, $4 12Vi@4 20:
San QuentiL, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24^x@26^c
COAL— Harrison's circular says: -'During the
week there have been six arrivals from the coast
collieries, with 11,796 tons; Wavertree from New
castle, with 3221 tons, and Lord Cairns from
Swansea, with 1972 tons. Business In tbe fuel
line remains v ry quiet, but at this season dull
trade Is anticipated, as during tbe present weather
domestic consumption, except for culinary pur
poses, is almost nil. Quotations are unchanged,
and tbe outlook Intimates low prices through the
winter months. The Australian list a. one of en
gaged Coal tonnage shows over 120,000 tons ca
pacity, 75 per cent ofwi.lchwlll arrive here this
year, and 50.000 tons from Swansea, nearly all
due within n.ree months, with an average amount
from other sources; these combined mean a full
supply for our immediate requirements. It U
singular that our very large consumers do not pro
vide for thrir fuel demands for months ahead,
when tbe market favors them as at present. U»me
of anr Importers are prepared to ma ue contracts
into I*B7, at quotations heretoiore unknown to
the trade, yet the opportunity Is only being availed
of by a few. Present figures are based upon a con
tinuance of the low coal freights now ruing from
Australia, which may at any time be marked up
materially, as luiure grain freights show a declin
ing n-ndency."
Wellington is quotable at $8; New Wellington,
$8 $t ton: South field Wellington. $7 50 ft ton;
$6@5 60: Bryan, 86; loos Bay, $4 60;
Wa;lsend. $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 60 ~? ton in bnlk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania * nthraclle Egg, $11 ft ton; Welsh
.* nthraclte, $9; Cannel. $7 50; 1 ock Spring,
(.astle Oute and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$11(3)12 in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
Xl CE-Chinese mixed, $3 06(£3 30; No. 1, $3 90
@4 "^ ctl; extra No. 1, $4 -6@4- 40: Hawaiian,
S3 50@3 82V2: Japan, $3 68fU 20: Rangoon, in
100- Ib bags. $3 10.
SDGAR-l he Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6sy 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5y 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, 4:54 c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: .Magnolia A,
4V»c; KxiraC, 414 c: UoidenC, 4y 8^: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SAN FRANCISCO MKAf MARKET.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Wholesale
rates for dressed stock from slaughterers are as
follows: . ■ '■'. "1 •"■
BEEF— First quality. 4%@3c; second do. 4@
4%c: third do. 3%c * Ib - •
VKAL— Large, 4(^sc; small, s@6c ft Ib
■ MUTTON— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewe*, - 4@4y 3 c
ft tb. ' •
LAMB— 6®6c?t Ib.
PORK— Live i.ogs, 2*40 ■?■ Ib for large and 2%c
for small and medium; dressed do, 4%@5c '«» B>.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
to-r 24 hours.
F'onr, qr sks B,736|Ergs doz 1,500
wheat, ctls 135, «07 Hides, no ... 691
Barley, ctls t«5, 530! Pel's. Mis 2 630
Beans sks 1.283 Wine, gals 61,3 0
Oats, ctls 3.150|W001, bis 44
Corn, ctls 440 : Sugar, bbls 5,666
Pot r toes, sks 7,290! Lumber, M feet.. 65
Onions. s;s 820!Quirksllver,flsks 143
Bran, sks 11l Leather, r0115.... 146
Middlings, sks... 740 Hops, bis 105
Hay. t0n5........ I.OBS Tallow, ctls X 7
straw, tons »0 Mustard Seed, sk 1,03^
Butter, ctls 33 Fla\seed sks.... 1,460
Cheese, ctls 931S oris. sks 18
FAMILY RETAIL- MARKET.
Butter Is dearer. Cheese and Eggs are an
chansed. . •
Fish, Meat and Poultry sell at unchanged prices.
Fruits an 1 Vepotables are plentiful and cheap.
Following la Th« Call's regular weekly retail
price Use: • ■ -- • ■■
— Tint to jr.
Connel — @ J» 60 Pleasant Vat 8 BOaiO 00
Wellington. ■ ©10 00 Sou tn field — • ■.-'=*-•. ,
New Wei- ; Wellington —Q9 50
ltngton.... . — @10 00 Scotch •— J> 850
Seattle...... 7 00® 760 Coos Bay... 650» - —
Castle Gate. £ 60@10 00 -.
. : . dairy iraonrrcK. j tttc.
Butter, fancy, Ijl' Cheese, cai ...... 10@12
square... .'BB<stJo|C!]»-ese, Eastern.. .Js<a2o
do, & roll 60t05d Cheese, Swiss... 20&30
do. choice _..4U<i*4s Common F.iczs 15&20
Ordinary ao -@:«o Ranch t£«s?>dE...2s(«.So
PU-ki.-a r011.......3<>®35 Honey, comb, ?(a>.12«915
*iritin — @30| , do* extracted.... 8® 1:1
MIATB- POUND.'
Bacon.. 12017; Pork, fresh.. .1 20815
Beef, choice 12<SlS Pork, salt 10@12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12&15
Corned 8eef....... B<a — Round Steak...... sSIO
Ham. Cal 12%515 Sirloin Steak... 12 %<$ —
do, Eastern..... 15@60 Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20
Lard. ..'.:......;... .12^15 Smoked 8eef.:.... — @15
Mutton 8(&10: Pork Sausages.... — @20
Lamb..... — Veal .....10<flil6
FOULTRY AND OAKTC '
Hens, each . 4lK£ •60 Turkeys, * lb.. 15« 17
Young Koost- Ducks, each... 3501 65
,ers.eacn SO® 66 Geese, each.... 75<ai 00
Old Boosters. I Pigeons, $ pr.. • 40® 60
each 60(a 60 Rabbits, > pt.. Ss@ 40
Fryers, each... 40@ - Hare, eacu..... 16# 20
Broilers, each.. 25§ 85 •" ■■■■■■■. •
, . fbditb ANn nttts.
Almonds.* Ib 12®1 6 Oranges. » do» 15(335
Applesoft)....... 4(3) 6 Pears, $ 1b........ 4& 5
Bananas. * dor... 16@20 Peaches. 1» tb 4<2) 6
Hlackbernes, dr«r2o(». 0 Piuras, fl Ib ' 4(g» 5
Canta.ouoes, each. &<3>ls Raisins, $ Ib. 6(«16
Cocoanuta, eacn...lo&l2lßaspb.Tries. drwr.26@3&
Flits. f, 1b.. ........ B@iOStrawoerrles,
Grapes, Ib 4@ 6|> * drawer 20@3S
Lemons. * d0c... 25(^30 Walnuts, * Ib 15& —
Limes. "£ doz 15r<t — Watermelons, echlO@2O
Nectarines, & tt»...10@121 . ■
VKOKTABI.IM. ' * '
Artichokes, .30(§U0 Lettuce, » dos 16/320
Beets, ■$ dos 12(*15|Mr > fat Squash. '£ 6ffllO
. Beans, white »tt>.2W« 5 Green Okra, * lb.. 6^ 8
Colored, » tb...2Vis 5 Onions, 9 Ib. 4@>
/ , Lima. 4(gj 6 Peppers, green. 6ft& 8
Cabbage, each....; 6®lo| Parsnips, « a0z..»15<a20
Cauliflowers, each. 6<Si 8 Potatoes, $ 1b.r... 2(5 3
Celery, %* bunch... 6(4 - Radishes.'«ftdxbchs.lO<aia
Cress. »dibunchs.2O<a2s Sage, » Ib ..25®35
Cucumber, %i doz. B@)oSmer squash! 'H "ft 4® 5
Ke- Plant. V 1b... 8 ring Beans, *m. 4 (a) f*
Garlic fib.... :.. 6<a - Thyme, H tt........2UA30
Green Peas, * *.. 4<§ a Turnips, * d0z. ...16(520
Green Corn. ft uozlOW-0 Tomatoes, *»>■•• 3(m 5
Lentils, 1b....... 6® 8 ♦ ,  . .
' fish— pkr found. •■'■',
8arracuda.. ........10®12j5had.. :..;..• ' -« —
Carp — -Sea Bass. .V..'.'.'.'.! 8&10
C0dfi5h............. Smelts.. ....U 15<£-
F10nnden..........10<5» -501e5. .......7..\."10(512
Ha1ibut............ 5® B : Skat«B. each.. .....10^12
Herring. , (5turge0n........... -<ais
Kingflsh «, — -ttd-lTomcod... .I2<a —
Mackerel l?W2!Claais,*gai: '.'..... -#15
■ do, Horse... 10$- Do. hardshell, »
Perch..;....- 10ft*-: 100........ ...... 60® -
Pom D 35^50 Crabs, each 12(<£15
Kockflsh X (A - Do. softshell, & dx.25@35
Salmon, smoked.. .20& — Mussels, qrt. .10(915
Salmon, fresh...... rfjj — Oysters, Cal lT \ 100.40(3) -
bbrunps.... B@loi Do, Eastern, %1d5.25@40
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
Fredericfc Pettlbone, cashier of the Fairhnven
National Bank of Fairhaven, Wash., advertises
that upon October 4 he will sell In the name and In
pursuance of the order of the board of directors of
the bank a sufficient number of shares to make
good the deficiency of $15,000, or such part of the
original deticiency of $15,000 *« has remained un
paid since notice w«a given In January by Comp
trollt r of the Currency of an assessment of $30
per share. .Asa matter of fact most of the assess
ment has been paid, but something like 150 shares
are declared delinquent at this time.
Receiver Tilllnghast of the Columbia National
Bank of Washington has hied notice In the United
States court that he win compromise the account
of $2000 owed to the bank by Lawrence Bros.
State Treasurer Bowen had $10,000 in the bank,
and he and otherlargp creditors have been notlfled.
The Linu County National Bank of Oregon has
pala all depositors their principal in fu'.t, and they
will now receive 5 per cent in addition, in accord
ance with an order Issued by C oinp. roller Kckols
that a 5 per cent interest dividend should be de
clared. There are suits pending which, if settled
in favor of the bank, may add from 1 to 1% per
cent more to be paid on interest.
A statement concerning the affairs of the Port
land Savings Bank has been file i by Receiver
Denny, from which It appears that -here U due
ihe deposl.ors about f 1,100,000, and according to
the Portland Oregonlan, after Wells, t ano <fe Co.
have been s itled with there will be $1,000,000
assets left for the benefit of the depositors. Kov:r
dividends have been declared since the ban*
failed — tore by the bank directors and one by the
I court.
. . >he >; West Philadelphia Title and Trust Com
pany has brought suit attalnst the city of Olympta,
W ash., and others, to obtain an amendment to the
decree Issued by the Superior Court to enjoin the
city from < paying out $81 0 worm of warrants
issued to I. L Herman in payment for grading on
one of the cl;y streets. - Th'- complications^ the
case are of little | local interest here, but the posi
tion of the Philadelphia company Is, as alleged,
that they were innocent purchasers of the war
rants: that the worn for which the warrants were
issued was done: that the city receiv.d the benefit
thin from, ana that it should pay the warrants. '
.bids for the Anaheim bonds will not be opened
until October J 3.. . v .
: The Lou <. ngeies Times has interviewed many
rronilncnt people in I.os Anitele!" concerning Hie
lnHuunc of free sliver on contracts and invest
ments. t W.C, Patterson, president of the Cham-
SIL in me « cei nnys that contracts made pay
'•"•'"WW «in have to be paid In that metal. C.
™"prri. f » secretary of toe Chamber of Com-
It the »»«ne view. So aoes John H.
fmoi? ' en Thero '" a general a«rreemeni;
That the ir^^? Or mOre . ** «°ns interviewed
dwarran, .it , fiolna <" of »»ver would upset and
disarrange all Investments.
stock of the h ik ? B c , D " ter *" ">at the capital
signed by Hon. Roberto Nunez, ,üb^3"cretarv of
%£%&%%s&£» G0 - — • and^'bTthe'
The thlr:y-flfth; week of the year showed th«
clearances at Settle to do fii.i'Jg 9 ? i« , , h . n
fj|t 6 ef| i l fiß i %r« u ~ lhaa tn^co^por
Six Federal court judgments hay* bern filed hv
.he receiver of the Columbia Kational Baak of
Sw?»r;iss v ir btofi of that bauk> the ciaims
THE STOCK MARKET.
comstock values were slightly lower yesterday
with quiet trading.
The Utah Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 5 cents per share, de
linquent (>ciob-r 13.
Tne Troy Mining and Development Company of
San ford's Cove, Alaska, has levied an assess
ment of 12% cents per share, delinquent c-cto-
Der 14.
The Central Eureka Mining Company of Ama
dor . County .has levied an assessment of 2 cents
per share, delinquent Oc ober 10.
BOAKD MALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Boar* yesterday :
BEQULAB MORNING SESSION, COKKICTCISO 9:30.
100 8e1cher.. .58 500 C Point... 450 Hsr .. 80
2jO .......... 57 200 Occld 671100 81
100 B &8...1.10J 6J Potosl... 1.00 200 Union..
200 Challuic. ..s'>iloo Savae.^..6B|4oo 50
AFTERNOON SESSION— :30.
300 Blcher 20 CC*V...1.90|200 0cc1dt1»..65
3UO Bodie ..H2 .JOO CrwnPt..34 20J Potosl. 1.00
20U 8u11i0n.. ..09 500 Kxcnqr. .04 100 har ... 66
200 fiulwer...4£ 103 G iC»....6U 100 65
200 49J00 Mcx 63 100 B ".'..' 80
100 Caleda. ..13 200 0cc1dt1«..67 400 Utah 09
200Chllar.. .2.30 8 J0 56 200 YJaoa«t..36
_ Following were the sales "in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: :;r.;
BEOULAB SESSION— IO:3O. . ,
200 Alpha.... 18| 50 C0nn. ...1.46 500 Overman. 17
,°,O Alta 08300 V P0int....34!'J00 Potosl. 1.00
200 Ande5.... 33 200 Exchqr....Os 6'o 5avg......67
100 Blchr 5*600 O<tc... 62 100 66
j? 00 "v 57,80U 61 300 Scorpion.. o»
f^,, 1 * 11 -- 1 - 10 ' 160 H AN 1.52 V,! 100 b8AM....1l
IHOU Lulllon..lo 200 Julia 100 sNv 79
J"°. c » led 13 300 Justice.. 600 80
.2« Cha11ge... 50.00 Kentuck..o7 500 a Hill 02
250 Ch0ir.. .2.30 300 Mcx 63 300 Uni0n... ..60
700 CCV .. .1.95 4000ccd.......57 400 51
400 -1-92% SOU 0phir... 1.10 JckL...'..37
AFTEBNOOH SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Aloha 17|45j CCV.... 1. 90:100 Jlono 20
30" Alt* 08 60 1% iu 0 0 Occd... 66
100 Andes 400 1.55 Ophirl.o7%
300 8e1cner....57|1000 C Imp .0. 400 upmrl 1 06
250 848.1.07V 2 2 2? C P0int.. ..34 300 Ovrinn.\..l6
100 80d1e..._.64 33!1OO P0t0,1.02%
400 .. — PI 500 52400 1 0*
200 •• —• — 62700 Kxchqr....o4 400 Say ".'...'. 66
60J Bullion... 09100 ...... M ;...05'500 SBAH 11
2uO 8u1wer...49 C...6U1200 Nt "79
800 60 45J H&M... 1.60 300 Unloa C...60
•MO Cha1ng....60 500 Kentuck..n7 300 It Ja0*«..36
20 Ch01r2.27Vi;600 Mica 6z500 35
200  -l!. 301 . . U-* ■ '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Sept. 11-4 F. it
Ailed.* ma.Atke-1.
Alpha Con. ... 16 17 Jackson 25 50
Alt*. 07 08 Julia.. ... — 08
Andes. 31 32 Justice. ."..'... — C 8
Belcher 66 57 Kentucfc....... 07 08
Best <& Belcher 1.06 1.10 Lady Wash.... — (i 4
Benton C0n.... — 15 Mexican 62 64
Bodie.. 61 —Mono. 19 _
Bullion 09 10 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bnlwer. 48 . — Occident ... 66 67
Caledonia 12 13 Ophlr. 1.05 1.10
Chollar. 2.30 2.36 Overman- 16 17
C0n.Ca14Va...1.90 1.95 t'otosi. 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. , — 49 savage 66 67
Con. imperial. 02 03 Scorpion. ... . — 10
Confidence.... 1.40 1.4 &eg. Belcher... 11 12
Con New York — 05 -Syndicate ..... 03 —
Crown Point... SS 34 silver Hill.. — 03
KastSlerraNev 04 15 sierra Nevada, 80 81
tureka Con ... 25 — L' nion Con 47 49
Kxcbbauer 04 05 Utah...... -08 t9
Gould <& curry. &9 61 Yellow Jacket. 35 37
tuned 1-50 1.55
GOLD MIM.Nii KXCHAVOS.
Champion ...... Providence.....
Bid 20 00 Asked 76 00
Asked 25 00 Savannah
Edna Asked 48
Asked ._ 35 3ebaai.opoJ
. 0ranu._.. ...... Asked 82
Asred „ 25 rnorpe ......... ■ .
Keystone........ A5ked.......; _ 85
Bid , 65 00 100 Chollar. 2 30
Kennedy....... 100 Con Virginia... 195
Asked 600 100 Hale <& Norcrs. 156
100 Lock wood Co n. * 28 100 Savage _ 68
200 391
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 11-3 T. It
UNITED STATES BONOS.
■ Bid. Atked.y £10. A iked.
8 c0up.. 1 05% — O8 4sref... — 107%
Do new Issue 115 — |
MISCELLANEOUS <X)V<M,
Cal-stCl)l«3s. 108 — Pacßoll M.*t _ m I
Cal £lpeL6sll7 — Do 2d Is 6s. . — _ -V
CntraCWs» — 94 P*ORyBs. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co Br> 87% P<tCh Ry 6%. — 107%
KdsnL«P«sll7Vi - Pwl-st RR,Bi — —
F&CHRR6S. - 103 Reno,WLAI. — 105
Geary-stßss. — 107% Kacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngLtSs. — -100 l!-F<SNPR5s. 97% 99
DoGnteed6s 95 100 ISPRRArlztla 93 97%
Mkt-stCble6sll9 . — |fc-PRKCaI6s. — 110%
DoßyConss.. 101 MOl% SPRRCaI 6s. - —
Nat Vin6s Ist 98 — isPßrßCaia*. 97 99
NevCNeß7s. 85 — !?VWater6s.. 115%lltiS/»
NPCRR6S.IOO - SVWater4s.. 97 —
NRy Cal 6s. — 300y a StktnG&E6j — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 BunstT<&T6s. — —
Oak Gas 55..102 — Sutter-stßs* 107 109%
Lo 2d Is 65. . 102»4 — VlsaliaWUtM — —
Ouuiilbud 08. 117 —
VATKH BTOCJC\.
Contra Costa 29 Va *0 iSanJose — —
MarlnUo... 60 53 |Sprng Valley 96% 97
rjlF BTOTKS.
Capital 17% SO iPaclf o Llrtit - 4fi/*
Central. 95 ■— San Krancsco — 9034
Oak « ii 5134 52% Stockton..... — 20
PacUaslmp. 82% 83 |
IXbUBAXCU UTOCTM.
Fireman's 160 — |Sun 25 60
■ ■ . - ' COMMERCIAL BANK «TO~K^.
AmerBATCX . — \ — lx>ndonP&A.ia3V» —
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London&Sl?. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 334 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal B D&TCoIOS 110 Nevada — —
FUsti«ailoni. - 180 SatherßCo. — —
SAVIN'! 1 " BANK STOCK*.
Rerß*t*Co. — 1265 I £av<&Loao.. — 100
Bumbb&L.lloo 1450 Security — 275
Mutual..... — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
bibav Union — 480
'• r BTBKKT RAlLKO*T>«Tr>~'C*.
California.... lf 5 106%0ak gLAHay _ 100
Qearyst. — SO (Presidio 8% —
Maxket-su... 42% 43%]Sutter-st — —
IOHuKK STOCKS.
Atlantic n... 1.1 - iGlantCon.... 16% —
Eastern D... 70 — Judson !>.... — -
California.... 50 — 1V1g0r1t....... - 900
■ MISCKLLAjrHOIJS STOCKS.
AliutiPkn 92% 95 NatVlnCo.. _ _
BlkDCoalCo. - 10 Oceanic _ SO
Cal Cot Mill* - - |PacAux»"A I —
Edison Llghtlls%ll6Vi PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. - - Pac RoU Mill - -
GerLeadCo. SO 100 Part Pain ICO 6% 7%
HawCVtSCa. lS^i 14 PacTr-nsCo. — 24
notch 8 l'Co 19V4 19% Pac T * T Co. 70 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 Sunset T&T. 41 -
MElecUghf— 4% United C Co. — 25
BALES— HORM.V I aiUltll
Board—
10 Market-«t Railway 42 75
- 10 SF Gaslight 90 75
Str»*t— ';
83000 Market-st Ry Con b% Bonds 119 00
10 SFGaslUnt ........ ........: 90 75
. . SALES— ArTKBN()O>-
15 Edison Light & Power Co. 116 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial. 14 00
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co 19 26
40 S V Water 96 H7%
10 Oakland Gas 62 00
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E deKay and Caroline S. Townsend to John
Henry Miller, lo: on E iine of Laguna street, 60 S
of Val ejo, S 67:6 by E 100: $10.
Samuel W. and Georglna C. O. Holladay to Wil
liam and George Leviston, lot on W line of Web
ster street. 60 N of Filbert, N 60 by W 87, quit
cla m deed : *5.
William and George Levlston to Mary Ellen
Fuller, same; $5
James and Barbara Dundas to Hermann Boese,
lot on H line of Seventeenth street. 126 W of How
ar , W 24:7 by N 100; f 10.
Jacob J. and Julia Haver to Guiseppe Arata. lot
on SW corner of Sycamore (Willows) aven'ie iind
Stevenson str et, S 36 by W 80: $.0.
Delia O'Brien to Cornelius Ay. Hogan, lot on W
line of Alabama street, 130 N of Twenty-third, N
2b by W 30U: $10.
I me h* Hansen (wife of Charles E.) to James L.
F!oo>i, lot on Sr. line of Stevenson street, 216 NE
of Fourth, NE 4 b, sE 70; $10.
E. Louis and >usan (or -manna) Lowe (Murohy)
to Stauffer Chemical ompany, lot on 8K corner o
Alameda street and Potrero avenue, S 181 : HI4, E
106:4%, S 6:9%, k. 94:714, N 137:6, W 200;
$10.
I ho mas W. and Kn'herine A. Rivors to Patrick
an 1 ; t:ie o'Gara, io on IS line of Nebrastca sir.'et.
JOOSof Nineteenth ( utte), S 25 by X 10U . $20.
Mary McLaui;hli:i (wife of F. (. .) ;o George Mui
ler, io. on X Hue of Twenty-fourth avenue, 175 N
of alUornii* street, N2sby E 20;$;0.
Parricii W. HiorrtantoH. P. Wickersham, lot on
NE line of Crolc.- stree-, 150 XW of Mission,
NW 25 by NE 1 0, Acadon»7 Tract; *10.
Brld :ei Keardon to Jeremiah Noonan, lot, on E
line of Kingston avenue, 176 S of Berkshire street,
S2 j by X 100, lot 29 block 6, Mission ana Thir
tiPihstreet Kxiens onHomrstend Union: $10.
Alexander and Kate -Veyer to P trick McFad
den, lot on N line of Beigrave avenue, 325;5E0i
Stanyan street, E 50 by N 100, lots 14 and IS.bock
6, Map of Subdivision No. 1. Clarendon Heights;
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
L. Kleanor Johnson to Charles \V. Bolles, lot on JT
E line of Franklin street, 152 N t Del er or
Twentieth street, Mh 80.92, NE :- ! 2.0J, NW 82.60,
SW 3L' to beginning, Oikland: $!0.
F. K. and Koie M. Shattuck to Mary McDowell,
lot on N lin • of stuart strret, 235 W of I'remont,
W 40 by N 123.55, being lot 25, block 17, Shat
tuck Tract, .Map 5. Berkeley. SlO.
Hugh and Hattle L. Kraz^r to Jessie L. Wet
more, lot 12. block A, subdivision portion of Qulg
ley Tract, Brookiyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts,
Adolphe Weber with Val Franz, to crf-cr a 3
storv frame hui din;; >>n N line of Fell street, 106 :3
W of Ashbury; $4830; Mastens & Coffey archi
tects.
John Devlne with James P. Burke, to erect a
frame building of two flats on lo: 129, Gift Map 8;
$2224; J P. Lo Romer architect.
M s Julia L. Maris with Thomas T. Poltinger,
to erect, a 2-story frame bulldine on W line of
Baker street, 60:4 V* Sof sVaflhington; $4000: no
architect.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September. 1896
Su. Mo. Tu. W. Th. Fr. Sa. Moon's Phases
12 3 4 6 /ISfc New Moon.
*££> Sept. 7.
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 /-^Flrs; Quartei
1 vi/ Sept. 13.
13 14 15 18 17 18 19 ~ FuUMoon.
\£J St-pt. 21.
20 21 2'J 23 24 25 2»j — ~
/?*\Laat Quarter.
27 28 29 SO B-I * aifc
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Paten of Departure From San Francisco
BTKAMEB | DESTIN-ATIOy. [ BAH.B. | PIKR.
SSSi «-r^v 3ss&£ &s l
Sr :: - Si s^sfi s&
Eureka w«2?J, n ? Bay - Bam riera
ri-vPn'.hi'; Sf i 0 .', 1 ••«;— Stl Ptl6. «■*»< Pier U
Aiarueaa....|Bydney Seotl7 2pm Pinr 7
Empire Oregon porw . SepU7 I™ rilllJ
nnol Grays Harbor ; siptlilS 2 ' Per a
Newport.... Panama Sepiiata m V M S «
bantaßosa. San I)Ie o . . SeptlAlI A ! Pierli
Arago. Coos Bay. senaß.Ji*2 I w"lj
StateotCal. | Portland ! sepf-'U llowt w p" £
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
stkamhb [ From j DuX "
Corona. Mao JDtoga „ sept 19
Del None Grays H«rbor tsound - Brat 13
w l^ ue . bi . a ::;: SJ^* *■■* *»* g"
gallon Yaquma BaY:;;;;;;::;:; "!2£il
Pomona fiumboldt 8ay..... Sent is
Crescent City... CrescentClty " SeDtH,
Eureka. Newport..... ...... ..Sepil*
Truckee Coos Bay .... Scot U
Kmpirfe Portland ..."I "septis
Willamette [Departure Bay "| Sept 15
Snroi... Grays Harbor. °ep' 15
SaniaKosa Han Dlezo bent IB
North Font Humboldt Bay ..'. .'.Sen la
Australia Honolulu Sent 16
A:aro Coos Bay ' Sept 16
San Benlto Tacoma .....:."::. " Sent 115
Alcatraz Coos Bay " sept 18
State of Ca1.... Portland. £~~:;i " Sept 17
\Vnlla Walla... Victoria & Pa et Sound ..Sept 17
Orizaba Mexico Scut 17
Coos Bay Newport ' "sent 18
City Sydney.... Panama ...;..;.:. Sept 18
Arcata Portland [. ] Sept 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U.S. Coast and Geodetic Bcbvit Ttdk^
Bulletin Published BT Official V
ACTHOBITY OF THKSLPERIJfTK-sDKsT. J
fcaturdav, September 13.
Sun rises 5.50 Moon rises
Sun sets 6.22 1 Moon 5et5. . . .... 9.22rx
September— 1896.
TW Feet Tfmp Feet T^Ueet 11^1 Fe«
■r- H W L \V H WJ ITW
12 3.54 O 8 3J)| i
IS 5.26 4/2 9.-'6
14 6.57 4.3 10.36
L \V i, w
15: a2B 0.0 8.08
16 1.36 0.0 9.02
17 2.52 0.0 9.44
181 3.20 0.1 10.19
x 451
3.4 3.40
3.7 4.48|
L W
4.4 12.(17 !
4.7 1.88
6.1 ..49
5.3 3.42
6.9 In. u72
5.8 11.14 0.1
5.6
j H \V .
3.8 6.07 5.5
3.6 1 7.24 6.6
8.4 H. 30 5 7
2.8 9.38 5.7
,^,£ r *- In the above exposition of the tides tha
•arly morning tides ar " given in the left hand
eolnmn, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a «> time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column th« third tide, and the last or rig lt
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh, nnd then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth c; yen by he charm-
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydrooraphic Offick, TJ. 8. N., •)
Mkbchants' Exchaxok V
San Fbanci«co. September 11. 1896. J
The time ball on lelegraob Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. a., Greenwich time.
a. F. Fbchteler.
Llentenan TJ. S. N*. Iv charge..
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY, September 11.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson. 17 hours from Green
woo I ; railro d ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stiar Newsboy. Fosen, ts6 hours from TlUamook.
260 M ft lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 16 hours from Albion;
87 Mft lumoer. to Albion Lumber Co: 200 eds
bark, to Beadle & Co.
Bark Ha.-vster. Gruner. 21 days from Karluk;
20,300 cs salmon, to Alaska Imp Co.
Bark Canada, Wickberg, 14 days from Union
City; 820 piles, lumber and wood, to Darby Lav*
aon <S Co.
Bark Oregon, Parker. 7 days from Nanaimo
-2-95 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sons.
achr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, 4 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Twilight, Topfer, 10 days from Port Had
lock; 240 M ft lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Etta B. Bourne, 10 hours from Fort Roas
-25 bxs butter, 2<> eds wood, to Ross & Hewlett.
Schr Volant, Erratt, hours from Pigeon Point
wreckage from the wrecked stmr Colombia. In
tow of tag Alert.
Cleared.
Friday. September 11.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro: Good ail Per.
kins & Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY. September 11.
Stmr Umatllla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town*
send.
. istmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crux.
Stmr Bonita, Conway, Newport, etc
Bark Martha Davis. Soule. Honolula.
Schr Moro. Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Marie E Smith. Rosendall, Tacoma.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
'lelegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 11-10 p. m.— Weather
'oggy: wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
Charters.
The barks Archer and Mohican load mdse for
Honolulu.
The Br ship Brenhllda loads wheat at Portlaud
for Europe, vBs I'd
The Br ship Androsa was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d.
Spoken.
Aug 7— Lat 50 S, long 6 \V, Br ship Pass of
Brander, from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
Memorandum.
Per bark Harvester— Left In port schr Puritan
and bark James A. Borland, the latter to sail aoout
Si>pt L
Domestic Ports.
COLLINS LANDING— SaiIed Bept 11— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
BOWKNS LA ND IN* <J— Sailed Sept 11— Scar
aionterey, for Monterev.
TATOOBH— Passed Sept 11— Bchr R W Bartlett,
from Port Biakeley, for San Francisco.
Y'AQUINA BAY— Sailed Sept 10-3tmr Faral
lon, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Sept 11— stmr Arcata, he«
Sept 5; Br simr C ilttagong. from Hongkong.
FOP.T BRAGO— Arrived Sept 11— Simr Noyo
hence Sept 10.
PORT BLAKKLKY— Arrived Sept 10— Schr W
Bowden, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Sept 11— sc.ir Prosper, for Kobe.
VFNTURA— Arrived Sept 1 1— stmr George
Loomls, and sailed for San Francisco.
HaRDY CREKK— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Cle
onc, hence Sept 9.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Pomona. he«
Sept 10; stmr North Fork, hence Sept 10.
Sal ed Ser>' 11— schr Eclipse, for san Francisco
SAN PEDKO— Sailed Sept 11— Simr Tillamook
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 11— Sim. Whites
boro, hence Sept 10.
Foreign Ports.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 11— Brstmr Warrl
moo, hence Aug 20.
BHANGH \I-saiied Aug 14— Bark 81 Katier-
Ine, for Port Towmenil Aux 18— Schr Robert
Sear.es. for Port Townsend. Aug 19— >schr Louis,
for AstnriH.
SY DN F.Y— Arrived Sept 10— Br stmr Warrlmoo
for Vancouver.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NKW YORK— Arrived Sept 11— stmr Edam, fn»
Amsterdam and Boulogne; stmr Paris, from
South'.mpton.
IIAMBL'RG — Arrived out Sept 11— Stmr Nor
m an 11, a.
LONDON— Arnveil out Sept 11— attnr Missis
sipp..
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 11— Stmr Colum
bl-, tor New Yor*.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Sept 10-Stmr Fumessia.
for N<-«- York.
BROW HKAD-Passed Sept 11— 8tmr Etrurla.
from New York, for Queensiown.Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
POWDER WORKS
ON AN ISLAND
The Pinole Establishment
to Be Moved Near
Alvarado.
SURVEYORS AT WORK.
Their Presence on Captain
Scott's Island Is no Longer
a Mystery.
THE SITE WELL PROTECTED.
In Case of an Explosion the Effect
Would Not Be Felt, Except on
One Side of the Island.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 1L J
For several days there has been some
quiet excitement at Scott's Island, near
Alvarado. Surveyors have been laying
out stakes and making plans and taking
bearings and running lines and doing
other simple things which appear myste
rious till understood. It was learned to
day that they are preparing plans for
building powJer works, and when com
pleted the works at Pinole, which recently
went up in an explosion, will be trans
ferred to the island.
Scott's Island is an ideal place for pow
der works that are periodically wrecked
by explosions. It is an island surrounded
by marsh. The best location for the
works is on the hillside, lacing the bay.
There would be the whole island between
the sscene of an explosion and the nearest
inhabitants, who dwell on the mainland
across the creek that runs all around the
i sland.
The new location is near Patterson's
landing, but the latter. is at the back of
tho hill. Everything would be protected
by the island and the concussion would
not be felt beyond its borders, owing to
the soft nature of the ground. The farm
ers in the neighborhood do not anticipate
any disastrous effects irom the proximity
of the works, as they are all on the main
land.
The operations on the island have been
b source of interest to the people on the
mainland for several days, and it was
rumored that the railroad company was
going to establish shops on the island.
To-day a party went over in a boat and
made Inquiry. They were informed that
they were laying out the locations of the
various departments of the powder works,
wnich it is the intention to remove from
Pinole.
There is plenty of water on the bay
shore of the inlet for a first-class wharf
and landing, and it is likely that all the
employes, excepting perhaps, the China
men will live on the mainland.
A few years ago the island was first
proposed as a powder-work location, but
the project was then dropped. It is not
Known when the works will be removed,
but as the company will have to se
cure such new plant before full oper
ations are resumed, it is likely that Scott's
Island will be ready for its initial ex
plosion before the end of the year.
ALAMEDA MAKES APPEAL
The Secretary of War Asked
to Begin on the Tidal
Canal.
Oakland Says Dr. McLean Is Wasting
His Time and Does Not Repre
sent Anything.
ALJLMEDA, Cal., Sept. 11.— Nothing
daunted by her past failures in trying to
secure the construction of the tidal canal
Alameda Has played another card which
those interested say will prove to be a
trump. At the meeting of the Board of
Trustees last Monday evening Dr. J. T.
McLean, the Health Ollicer ol the city,
appeared and made a whispered announce
ment to the president of tne board and
then hurriedly left. Later the announce
ment was made and entered noon the
minutes that "The communication from
the board had been maied to the Secre
tary of War."
The document there referred to is a plea
to the Secretary of War to begin work
upon the Oakland harbor improvements
at once, in accordance with "An act mak
ing appropriations for the construction,
repair and preservation of certain public
works on rivers and harbors and for other
purposes," passed by Congress.
The latest letter in this controversy be
tween two cities sets forth that in the
original report of the Government en
gineers, submitted to Congress in 1874,
and which was adopted, the order of work
Was laid down in the following order:
First, constructing the jetties as retaining
walls; second, building of the canal; third,
building of a dam at the mouth of San Lean
dro Bay; fourth, excavating of the tidal basin.
The board then urges that the work
must be done in this manner if done at
all under the act before mentioned.
Dr. McLean, in speaking of tne letter
this afternoon, said: "We do not propose
to oppose Oakland's interests in the least,
but rather umo the completion of the
dredging on that side at once. We be
lieve that there is enough available money
to let contracts for all of the work to be
done simultaneously, and that is what we
have worked for. Alameda has com
mercial interests as well as Oakland— noi
as large, I will admit, but as important to
us as Oakland's is to her. I believe that
the money appropriated cannot be used
for any other work than that planned be
fore the appropriation was made, but the
Secretary of War could stop work en
tirely, wnich we are as opposed to as Oak
land."
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The people
who represent this city in tne controversy
as to the proper method to be pursued to
complete Oakland harbor laughed when
told of Dr. McLean's joker, and said that
Alameda's Health Officer is at sea on
every point. Edson F. Adams produced
the report of Colonel Mendell in the Gov
ernment Reports, in which it says that
the dredging and completing of the ship
channel Should be the first thing done.
"Dr. McLean is doing the improvement
project more harm than he knows," said
Mr. Adams to-night. "We hay« been to
Alameda, and we find that he practically
represents no one but himself. He has
been a hindrance from the time he was
first heard of in connection with this mat
ter, and he induced several Oaklander3 to
sign his petition, in which was inserted a
clause to which their attention was not
called, and every one of them afterward
sent to Washington a report repudiating
their signature. That method of McLean's
is well understood, and there is not a par
ticle more of merit in his present move."
TENNIS TOURNEY.
High School liacquet-Wielders Will
Contest for Supremacy
Soon.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. IL— The tennis
spirit is being revived in tfcis city, and a
big tournament is being arranged by the
hi?h school pupils, to take place at the
Madison-street court Saturday, September
26. There are already twenty-eight en
tries, which include such names as Rich
worth W. Nicholson, George Gage, Ed
Spencer, Will Thome, Bert York, Fred
Brown, t;d Hussey, Max Taft, Ed Hume,
Chester Gorrill, Ben W. Reed, Hal Gorrill,
Lawrence Green, Russell L Whitney. AVill
Stuart, Henry Chase, George Davis, Wal
ter Bakewelf, Roy Matthews, Ralph Em
ery, Will Hush, Percy Gaskill, Fred Bald
win, Arthur Kaler, Clarence Keed, Parker
Holt, Marcus Hyde and Howard Baxter.
The tournament is open to any regular
member of the high school. It is ex
pected that the high school girls will turn
out in full force to witness the tourna
ment. Without a doubt it will be quite a
gala occasion. _
CRORCH ELECTIONS.
The First and Market-Street Congrega
tionulists Select Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The annual
election of the First Congregational
Church took place last evening, with the
following result:
Trustees— F. F. Barbour, George H. Collins,
8. T. Alexander, Guy C. Earl, Cary Howard,
George T. Hawley, R. W. Snow.
Deacons— E. C. Williams, George H. White.
Deaconesses— Mrs. L. E. Agard, Mrs. H. R.
Jones, Mrs. Mary M. .brock.
Clerk— Miss Rose M. Taylor.
Treasurer— L. E. Board man.
Treasurer benevolent fund — H. K. Snow.
Nominating committee— F. E. Sadler, P. TJ.
Fowler, James L. Fogg.
Auditing committee— Herbert F. Kellogg, F.
H. Starkweather, Walter P. Flint.
The election of officers at the Market
street Congregational Church resulted as
follows:
Deacons— W. S. Jones, Stewart Irwln, Dr. H.
G. B. Chappell, W. s. Merrlam, John GUI, E.
McMillan.
Trustees— W. 8. Merriam, David Craig, J. 8.
McCloud, Rev. F. B. Perkins.
NEARLY ALL MUST FAIL
Yet Very Many Strive to Obtain
the Republican Nom
inations.
Mount Eden Will Open a Big Repub
lican Wigwam To-Morrow Night.
Political Notes.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 11. j
The Republican candidates for office are
preparing for the primaries to be held on
the 19th inst. The most active combining
is, of course, over the nominations for
Superior Judges and Supervisors. In the
tight for tfie two Judaea the county has
declared that it must have one and that
Oakland shall not gobble all the nomina
tions as has been the rule in the past.
Their favorite is Ot. W. Langan of Liver
more. No other county candidate for
Judge has appeared, although there are
a dozen in Oakland.
The Democrats and Populisti have prac
tically decided to fuse. They will both
hold their conventions at the same time
and place and will discuss the terms of
barter and exchange in the interim.
To-morrow night the Mount Eden wig
wam will be formally opened by Samuel
11. Shortridpe. Great preparations have
been made and the people will, gather
from all the surrounding townships. The
wigwam is a comfortable place and repre
sents the biggest effort in the cause of Re
publicanism yet made in that neighbor
hood.
The officers of the Mount Eden McKin
ley Club are H. Peterman, president;
E. H. Clawiter, vice-president; I. \\\
Wrede, secretary; H. A. Schafer, treas-
H. PETERMAN, President of the Mount Eden McKinley and
Hobart Club, Which Will Dedicate Its New Wigwam To-Night
urer; A. Lansberger, chairman of the
executive committee. The welkin around
Mount Eden will ring with shouts and
echoes for McKinley and Hobart to-mor
row night.
The Haywards Republican Club has or
ganized with Horry Meek as president.
Want Admittance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. U.-The attempt
of the City Council to cut off the sewers
from the city system on the north has re
sulted in again starting the talk of annex
ation of the territory between the city lim
its and Temescal Creek. Charles A. "Bonn
of that district appeared before the Street
Committee last evening and had them de
fer action for a month, ana, meanwhile
the necessary steps will be taken to cail
another election on the subject.
Uood Hop Crop.
PLEASANTON, Cal., Sept. 11.— The
Lop season is now fairly on and also the
beet crop. The hop acreage is much smaller
than in former years, but the yield is
heavy. Pickers are getting 70 cents per
hundred pounds, which is small, but the
growers contend it is ail they can ufford
to pay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
SOCIETY OBJECTS
TO BOARD WALKS
Vernon Heights Rejoices in
a Neighborhood
Quarrel.
BEFORE THE COUNCIL.
Orestes Pierce Esq. Offers a Sub
scription to John All
man Esq.
THEN THEEE WAS A RECORD
Very Hard Matter to Make a Rich
Man Coniorm to the Exact
Letter of the Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 1L j
The residents of Vernon Heights and
the City Council together with the Street
The Section of Sidewalk in Vernon Heights Upon "Which Society Refuses to "Walk.
I Superintendent find that it is a very diffi
cult matter to make a rich man lay a side
walk in conformity with law.
John Aliman. the veteran stage proprie
tor and property-owner, who is credited
with being worth at least half a million,
owns some land on Vernon Heights. His
neighbors are Orestes Pierce, Senator Per
kins, John L. Howard, Mrs. Lloyd Bald
win and other wealthy people who when
they walk in the neighborhood of their
houses like to tread on mtistic sidewalks.
"Honest John" Ailman, who walked in
early days on sidewalks that were portions
of pioneer roads, does not approve of lay
ing a mosaic or even a cement sidewalk In
front of property with no house upon it
and there is trouble. The feud has been
brewing in that aristocratic quarter for
months and fresh fuel is added to it every
time that the Street Committee meets.
Mr. Ailman several weeks ago laid a
board sidewalk either so late at night or
so early next morning that his neighbors
declare it was a moonlight job.
Last night Orestes Pierce and John
Ailman met in the Council chamber. Mr.
Allmansaid be had laid a good board side
walk, and facetiously asked if the "cod
fish" aristocracy of the Heights wanted
him to lay a velvet carpet for them to
tread upon. Then Mr. Ailman really said
that he was only worth $45, in spite of the
assessment-roll. He did not say so di
rectly, but he said that he had spent $45
in sidewalks, and later, "I've spent all my
money trying to satisfy you."
This appeal touched Mr. Pierce, and he
replied: "If you are not able to put down
the sidewalk we will take up a collection
and assist you." Then there was a scene
more suggestive of the Watts Tract than
of Vernon Heights.
To-day Mr. Ailman was served with a
warrant for laying a board sidewalk with
out permission of the City Council. The
Street Committee is not quite sure how it
stands, and so the whole matter has been
referred to the City Attorney.
A visit to the board sidewalk, on which
society refuses to walk, shows a very solid
sidewalk upon which, compared to others
in the immediate neighborhood, there ex
ists no difference. Mr. Ailman once had
a house on the property, but it burned
down, and he thinks that till he builds
again a board walk is srood enough.
But society thinks differently.
SEYMOUR IS MISSING.
Not Seen Since He Aroused His Neigh
borhood With His Pistol.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Sept. 11.— Richard
Seymour, who aroused the residents in
the neighborhood of his home on Clinton
street Tuesday night by tiring off his
revolver three times, has been missing
lately from his usual haunts and it is
said that he has joined his wife, whom he
accused of eloping with O. Parks a week
ago. That Parks did not elope with Mrs.
Seymour is positively proven by the
records of the County Jail, where he was
confined as a prisoner at the time when he
was accused of being with the missing
woman.
Beymour is supposed to have joined his
wife, who is somewhere in the country.
Wnen seen to-night Mr. Parks was at
home with his wife and talked freely of
the affair. He said: "Yes, I have bad a
little trouble, but I am happy now that it
is settled. I was foolish enough to let the
attention of the wife of a neighbor tarn
my head after being married eleven
yeart."
For Special Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The City
Council is to be petitioned to set aside a
Bmall.'sum, as an experiment, to be used
to hire men regularly to gather evidence
against liquor-license violators and others
who cannot be detected in breaking the
law by members of the regular police
force.
Much objection has been made in the
past to the evidence of men whose pay de
pends on a conviction of the cases, as is
now the case. It is expected that the
Council will try the new plan, and it will
depend upon the result as to whether or
not it will be continued. License Inspector
Mitchell and Chief Lloyd favor the idea
and expect to do better work at less cost
to the city.
Mr*. Ballington Booth Coming.
ALAMEDA, Civ, Sept. 11.— The Vol
unteers of America hare been busily en
gaged this afternoon cleaning up and put
ting in order the rooms at 2404 Santa
Clara avenue, which they have rented for
headquarters. Meetings are held only
three times a week at present, Mondays,
Thursdays and Saturdays, under the
supervision of Captain Milos of Oakland.
As soon as a sufficient number of recruits
have been enlisted a post will be orean
izel and officers stationed here.
The Linderman Opera-house has already
been engaged for the evening of October
15, when Mrs. Ballington Booth will «peak
to the citizens upon the work she and her
husband are doing. All of the ministers
will be invited to take part in the even
ing's programme, and an effort will be
made to secure the good will of all classes
of people.
He Feels Injured.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 11— R. B. Arm
strong, a native son of this city, was ar
rested in Stockton Wednesday and kept in
prison twenty-four hours as a pickpocket,
at the instigation of Detective Holland of
the Oakland department. He charges
Holland with using vile language toward
him, and identifying him to San Francisco
officers as a thief, pickpocket and all
round crook, whom they should keep an
eye open for, and then trying to get him
held as a vagrant.
Detective Holland has gone to Sacra
mento for the fair, and his version could
not be obtained.
Arrested for Talking.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. IL— Auctioneer
Rosenberg, the best known street orator
of Oakland, was arrested to-night for vio
lating the ordinance prohibiting public
speaking on the sidewalk. For some time
past Rosenberg has nightly used language
that was offensive to passers-by and many
complaints have been made. He was re
leased on bail put up by a stranger who
refused to give his name, and immediately
after ascended the City Hall steps and de
nounced his arresters and announced his
intention to employ T. V. Cator and sue
the city for damages.
Election Expenses.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The Super
visors, at first calculations, estimated that
the fall election would cost about $40,000,
but since then detailed estimates have been
made which cut the figures down. The
figures now are: Pay of election officers,
$12,000; great register, $6000; ballots,
advertising proclamation, buyine new
books, etc., $10,000; total, $28,000. Fully
$15,000 was saved the county by the law
requiring the County Clerk to get out the
new great register.
Back From Yogetnite.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The Oak
landers who were arrested at Yosemite by
Government troops for carryine firearms
on that reservation returned home to-day.
They are C. O. G. Miller, H. Michaels,
John L. Howard, G. H. Collins, A. H. Hill
and D. Y. Campbell. They declare that
their arrest was an outrage, and that they
intend to obtain satisfaction for being
marched eighty miles by the sergeant who
arrested them.
He ■Will Appeal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 11.— F. R. De
lanoy, who brought suit against the Mu
nicipal Trustees, to restrain them from
removing electric-light masts erected by
him and bis associates, announces that ha
will appeal from Judge Ogden's recent de
cision. He holds that the city cannot in
terfere with the establishment of an elec
tric plant to furnish light to the citizens.
Reliauce, Not Acme.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— In Th«
Call's report of the bicycle races at Stock
ton Percy Mott, the winner of two events,
was referred to as "of the Acme Club."
This has caused Mr. Mott much annoy
ance, and he wishes it understood that he
is riding at present solely for the Reliance
Club.
O'Erien'g Remains
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. IL— The re
mains of John H. O'Brien, with the family
and a large deleeation of friends, left on a
special train for Stockton at 9 o'clock to
day. A delegation of Knights Templar
accompanied the party to participate in
the services.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN
Creditors After Allie Evers,
Cigar Drummer and Ama
teur Pugilist.
Reasons for the Resignation of the
Rev. E. B. Payne— Athletes Sign
a Pledge.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 11.— "Allie"
Evers, a well-known local amateur pugil
ist, has suddenly left Berkeley, and a con
stantly increasing number of creditors are
on his trail and preparing to take steps for
collection of debts amounting, in the ag
gregate, it is thought, to about $200.
The young man, who is a son of Cor
onor Evers of Oakland, left yesterday
morning with his wife and child lor Los
Angeles. He hat resided in Berkeley
about three months, during which time
he haa been employed as a drummer by a
San Frannisco cigar firm. Last week he
lost his employment, the importunities of
creditors became too hot and he con
cluded to seek pastures new.
A meeting of those to whom Evers owes
money will be held in the near future,
when a course will be decided upon. It is
said that all his accounts will be Bettled
by h is father, Coroner Evers.
Among the largest local creditors of the
young man were H. N. Waterbury, C.
Demetrak, J. G. Wright and Mikkelsen &
Berry.
Rev. Mr. Payne's Resignation.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. IL— The an
nouncemeat of the Rev. E. B. Payne's
resignation as pastor of the First Uni-
| tarian Church has given rise to many ru
mors explanatory of his action. Mr. Pavue
j stated to-day that he left the church for
personal reasons.
It is thought that he desires to give his
time to literary work, and that in the dis
charge of his duties as pastor he was kept
within too close bounds. The pastor is
known to be a man of very liberal views,
and it is said that some of his philosophi
cal teachings are beyond the bounds even
of Unitarian ism.
Mr. Payne exerts a powerful influence
in his flock, and his resignation has given
rise to deep regret. His sermons were pro
foundly philosophical, each one being in
the nature of a lecture rather than a ser
mon, and he bad many hearers outside of
the membership ot the Unitarian society.
It is said that there is some dissatisfac
tion with Mr. Payne among the more
socially inclined Unitarians on account of
his being little disposed to take part in tea
parties, etc., and to spend time in visiting.
Athletes Sign a Pledge.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 11.— The
crack athletes at the State University
have placed themselves under a set of rules
for governing their work of training and
their entering in field-day contests. This
afternoon thirty-eight of them signed
their names to an ironbound agreement
with their captain, the athletic executive
committee of the university and the ama
teur association. The principal articles of
the pledge which they signed are as fol
lows:
We, the undersigned, members of the Uni
versity of California, agree— first, to abide by
all rules that shall be made by the executive
committee of tne Athletic Association of the
University of California: second, to abide
by all rules that shall be made by tne
track captain and manager; third, to refrain
from entering Into any athletic contest what
soever without first obtaining the sanction of
the track captain; fourth, to enter only such
contests where the University of California is
a competitor as shall be designated by the
track captain; fifth, to attend the regular
training of the truck team as far as possible,
and not to do any other training but the regu
lar work, unless by special advice of tne cap
tain; sixth, that failure to comply with the
above agreement shall be considered sufficient
to cause dismissal from the track team.
Following are the men who signed the
pledge: Theo. L. Barnes, W. M. Dickie,
C. R. Broughton, R. B. Lloyd, J. B. Mc-
Nab, Burt E. Hooper, E. W. Oliver, E. G-
Kuster, R. S. Hazeltine, H. L. Rasmussen,
W. A. Starr, P. E. Hicks, A. R. Burrell
H. Id. Noack, H. W. Dickey, Melville
Dozier, H. E. Humphrey, L. S. O'Toole,
P. Doeman, O. E. Carver, A. H. Allen, Saul
Epstein, John J. Luchsinger, Carl Parker
W. C. Haswell, Ray W. Simonds, F. W.
Aitken, David Goodale, Fred S. Dorety,
Albert Shuey. E. L. Young, W. E. Daw
son, Fred E. Magee, O. U. Bugbee, N. E.
Gregory, W. P. Drum and E. J. McCleave.
Work on the track in preparation for the
spring contests will begin at once.
Track Manager Selected.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 11.— Th> big
gest vote ever cast by students ot the
State University was that of to-day, when
polls were open from 9 o'clock to 5 for
the election of a track manager for the
coming year.
As the man selected is likely to have
charge of an Eastern tour of athletics,
much importance was attached to the
election and a hot campai.cn for votes has
been in progress for some days.
S. Wood '98 received a majority of the
votes cast, the total number being 837.
The new manager is a member of the
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and hails
from San Francisco.
Two other candidates were in the field.
They are C. R. Morse, a post-graduate,
andßernard Miller '97, the present base
ball manager.
Won't B« a Popocrat.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 11.— S. H.
.Dikemen, who has for some years been
prominently identified with the People's
Vi.rty of Berkeley, has come out for Mc-
Kinley. Mr. Dikemen gives as his reason
that the Populists have become absorbed
in Democracy.
"Had I desired to become a Democrat,"
said Mr. Dikeman to-day, "I could have
done so without being absorbed into the
ranks of the Democratic party without
choice."
University Day Declined.
BERKELEY, Cat... Sept. 11.— The com
mittee of the Associated Students of the
University on the matter of a U. C. day at
the Mechanics' Fair in San Francisco, has
decided to decline the invitation extended
by the fair management to have a Berkeley
day. The students decided that it womd
be extremely difficult to arrange a suitable
programme for University day, and im
possible to prevent the students who
might attend from having an impromptu
celebration of their own, such as took
place last year, and which tends to pro
duce an unfavorable opinion of collegians
in the minds of visitors to the fair.
Brlt-f News Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 11.— Professor
W. E. Alagee, director of physical culture
at the university, is about to establish a
pedagogical course in his department,
with a view to having physical culture
given in the high schools.
The University Gun Club will have its
first shoot for the present term to-morrow
at the old range behind the chemistry
building. The club has elected the fol
lowing officers: President, E. C. Gage
'97; secretary, De Frenery '98; captain.
King '9B.
A junior glee club is being organized by
the university class of '98, which has ap
pointed a committee, consisting of Starr,
Smith and Farisb, to try voice.
Fred Champagne has accepted the chal
lenge o: 1). H. Frye to fight for $50 a side
and a purse to be offered by some club.
A grand rally of the Young Men's Re
publican Club was held to-night in Pyth
ian Hall. Among the speakers was Wil
liam L. Hill, president of the Republican
club.
The Rev. J. G. Vogel was tendered a
farewell concert last night at the Paradise
M. E. Church in South Berkeley. Mr.
Vogei will preach hi? farewell sermon on
Sunday, September 27, closing a pasto
rate of five years.
Letter's Will.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— The will of
the late Jacob Letter has been filed for
probate by Joseph Schwartz, who is
named as executor without bonds. It is
dated September 16, 1895. The estate is
estimated to be worth $23,000. consisting
of real estate at Eleventh and Clay valued
at $15,000; stock of goxls in store, $7500,
and personal property, $500.
The heirs are Hannah Letter, the
widow, Joseph B. Letter, a son in this
city, and Mrs. Ida fcchwartz of Santa
Cruz, a daughter. The latter is given
$1000 in coin, and the residue is then
divided equally among the three heirs.
The following provision is also made: "It
is my express wish that my said son, Jo
seph Bennie Letter, should not marry
outside of the Jewish faith."
Would Kead Papers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 11.— H. L. Smith
was taken off the Stockton train to-night
and charged with insanity. He refused to
speak several times, and took the newspa
pers ladies were reading and read them
himself. He finally attempted to jump
through the car window. Iv his pocket
was found $422.
German-American Minstrels.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 11.— The min
strel performance of the Verein Germania
to be given on the 25th inst. by the Ger
mans is much talked of. Rehearsals are
being hela regularly, and they promise to
result in an excellent programme. The
first part will be given alternately in Ger
man and English.
"Madame Sans Gene."
OAKL A-ND.CaI.. Sept. 11.— The Madame
Sans Gene Company opens at the Mac
donough on Monday, the 21st. The Bale
of seats begins next Monday.
Richard I in the year 1189 granted to
Colchester the first charter by which the
town holds the right to the oyster fishery
in the Colne and its creeks.
OCEAN TRAVEL. •
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO3SPASY
QTBAMERS WILL SAIL FROM. J&gM.
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco. BM^SBtstt
follows: . ' . . •: .. ■
■V or Mary Island,' Lorlng, Wrangel, Jnneao, Kll-
llsucoand Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. it, Sept. 11, 36.
■ For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.),* Port Town-
■ami, Seattle, Tucoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New auom (Bellin=ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Kept. 1, 6, 11, 18, 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connect. at Vancouver with the C P. R.
It., atTacoma wi:h K. P. R. ft., at Seattle with U.
K. Jty., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Hureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum- J
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona 'I p. m., »cpu 2, 8, 10, 14,
18. 22, i : 6, SO. and every fourth day thereafter.
■ For Sama Cruz. Monterey, San (Simeon, Cayucos,"
Port Ilarford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa !
Barbara, Ventura, ITueneme, San Pedro, East San I
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. !
Sept. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24,. 28, and every fourtli i
day thereafter. . • ■
For San Dieso. stopping only at Port Hanord j
(San Luis Oblspo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los • An- '
felts, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11 !
a. M. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 28, 26, 30 and every i
fourth day thereafter.
For Knseimda. San- Jose del Cabo. Mar.ttlan, La I
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10 I
A. H. 20th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery '
street. -
OOODALL, PERKINS ifc CO., Gen'l Agents,
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3PO3RTIJ jSLKT CD
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA P"J?/»t2 First-class 1 Including i
AV-U i. $3 Second-class /berth & men's |
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ......Sept. 18, 25, Oct. 5, 15 i
State of California Sept. 20, 80, Oct. 10, 20 j
Through tickets and through ba^ga^e to all j
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
■'■*-■" ■ 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, fin, HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, I I by
AUSTRALIA. Vs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMKDa sails via HONOLULU a.ij
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. v.
as. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, September 22, at 10 a.m. , Special party rates.
Line to COOLO ARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. ,
. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
13 Montgomery streak
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
COIPAGSIE GEKEK.U TRAMTLMTIQUB
French. Line to Havra.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH j&*fk
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by ia**j3s
this line avoid both transit by English railway add
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, Via Part*
Unit-class $160: second-class, $110, .....
LA TOURAINE sept. 19, 7 a. m.
LA, G ASCOOCf B. ....Sept. 26, 3 a. jc.
LA BIIETAGNE...... Oct. 3, 7 A. m.
UCHaMPAO. : .Oct. 10, 3 A M.
LA TOCUAIN'K .'.: . Oct. 17, 8 a. ii.
• tST For further particulars apply to -." ■ : ■
•'■• %5 A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Buwllng Green, New Yorlc
J. P. FUOAZI-& CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. '" '.- * .-•'-'-■■■ ■ '
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COSIPA JY.
STEAMERS LEAVK ASPINYVALIi A&gSU
fortnightly . for the We3t Indies and £&£sg&
Southampton, calling 'en route 4at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through. bills of lading, in connection with th« ;
Pacific Mail S. S. Co.; issned for freight and trea>
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.'.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First Clan, $195: third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to i
1-ARKOTT & CO., Arenas. '
- SOB rnlirnrmmit.
STOdTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlngrton St.,
At 6 r.M.l)a:ly. roiglit received up
*3* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
:- lne only line mailing through rates on Valley
Road freight.'
STEAMEKS:
T. C. Walker, - J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, . City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Kay, and Impt. Co
OS. SAVYYARD. HARE LSLASD, YALLEJO,
•Btniria, *P>rt Costa. 'Crockett and *Valons.
STK. 3IOXTICKLI.O,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays **10:S)
a. m.), 3:30 p. m... Sundays 8 p. m.- only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
- 6 - 1 *. J£ , . ' HATCH BROS.
• i and 8 p. it. trips only. ::
*» Kxcurslon trio. ■ Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR M JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAtLT
at 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7 p. M. r (Saturdays exoepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, /are between , San Francisco and Alviso,
60c: to San : Jose, 75c uiav st., Pier 1.-20 W.
1 faauta Clara at.. San "Jose. * j
RAILROAD THAVEU
SOITHKBS PACIFIC COMPANY.
, . ..(rACUiO.BVSTEM.)
TrnlM leave »n«l nr« due to arrive nt
. nan JFI6AKC'ISt«.
i.eatk — Fnoat September 3, 1806. — ■ ahrivi
*6:OOa Niks, San JO3O and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Juxprcss, Ogdeu and Kast.. 8:15p
7:00 a Bcniciv, VodTilie, TUmsry. Sacra-
mento, Oroville end llcdiling via ■
Dr.Tis .....*..«...... 0:43r
7sooa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa 1t05a.... 6:15p
Si3Oa Nites, ,San Joro, (-Stockton, ' lone,
Sacramento, Jl;irysvillo and Red
Muff 4»13p
•B:3oa Peters and Mi1t0n... :..V •7:13p
9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
- Barbara and Los Angeles..- 4:45p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:00 a Va11ej0....'...;. ........ i..... ....... 6:15p
1 :00p Kilts, San Joso and Liverruorc 8: 16a
•I:O«i» Sacramento EiTcrSteanifira "«:OOp
f!:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t~:43p
4:OOp Martinez, Han llanioi), Vallejo,
Nr.i>a, Calistoga, T.I Verano and
Santa Itosa 9:13 a
4:00p Benicia, VacaTille, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys-
ville, Orovlllo and Sacramento 10:48*
4:30p Nile 3, San Jose, Livermore and '
' Stockton 7:15p-
-4:80p Merced, Ecrenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11s4«Ja
O:»«p New Orleans lilxiiri'Es.Fresno.Bakcis- >*<BgSSBtt
. '•[. • ' field, Santa Ratl>ara,T.nfl Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, Now Orleans and
East I 0:13 a
3:00p fjauta Fu Itoulu. Atlantic i:x;>rcss
forMojavo and Kait ." 1 0:13 a
. 3:00p V.;Ucjo .....s -11:43 a
O:OOp ICuropeau Hail, Ogilcu and Kaat 9:45 a
C:OOp Ilayiranis, Kilts and San J05e. . .... 7:43 a
J7:oopVaUejo |7:43p
7:00p Oregon i:tpre»3, Sacramento, Marjs-
villo, Ituildtiig, Portlaud, l'ugct
.Sound and Kaat .................. 10:4Ba
SANTA CIUiZ I>l VISION (.Narrow «a»ge).
{7:45 a Santa Cru:; Escwrsion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... }BiOsr
8:1 3 a Ncvrarlt,Ceiitcrvillo,Maii.losc,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5»50p
•2:13p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, lloulder Creek,
■ - — Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
. ' ' - Stations »H:2oa
' 4ilsp Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos.... »:30^
COAST IUVIMON (ililnl A Townseinl tils.)
*6:45 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) oi47a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
/ Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
■ Principal Way Stations... JBt33r
8:15 a San Jo.io. Tics I'iuos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Cirovo, Paso Ilobles, San
Luis ('I \t[»>, (.•tiadalupo Hud Prin-
cipal Way .Stations 7:03p
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations -U«3Op
I«):4O.\ San Josonml Way SUtious 3:O«p
>11:3Ua Palo Alto mid Way BttttlOMß 8:3 Op
1 *2:a«rSan >!ate<>, Meulo Park, Kan .lose, .
Gilroy, Tres Pinoa, Baata Cruz,
Salinas.MontereyaudPacllicGroTe *10:40 a
"3:!I0p San Jose, 1-aciiio Grove and Way
Stations «I:30p
*4:30p San JO3O ami Way Stations *8:00 a
5:30 p San Jose Trine! pal Way .Stations *8:48 a
C:3Op San JO3O and Way Stations G:33a
'11:43 1- San Jcse and Way Stations t7:43y
SAX LKANUUO AXtJ HAVWAUDS LOCAL.
i»G:0OAl ( 7:13 a
S:OOa (9:45 a
l S.OOA Melro»e,Seml .rTP«rk, l?:!g£
"Hoop Fitchburg,S.nLe.ndro >f:«£
3:00p I an j 4:43p
4:00p f " v " 3:43p
5: OOP H«v wards 6:15p
o:3Op M.TTfaras. 7:43p
7:00p , . 8«4»p
**K)op . „ , . . „„ - 0:43p
9-OOp i Eun3 through to Niles. . 10:30p
Htl:lsi-7 ' tFromKiles. [ tti2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From S\K FRiSCISCO— of Karket Street (Slip 8)—
*7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:30 {3:09
•i:00 *5:00 *6:00 p.m.
From 01IUHD— foot or Broidwaj.— '6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. {12:03 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:CO
•3:00f.m. __^__
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays exempted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only,
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFR4MSCO&SORTIIPA.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
•limron gerry-Foot of Market St.'
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WB « S Si 1 «W^ 7 o :SOl "*=*' 11:0 ° *•*« la: W.
i^' fA 10 6:30 F * "- Thnrsday»-Bxtr»trl»
Jnd ll^SO-p^u. * yB " Ej " r * """"^
BC^J0 Y 6^2op^ 9:30> 11H)0 A ' M ' : 1!3 *' 853 *
San Kafael to San Franc! sco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 0:10. 1110 a •* .
:mj ?5o. leli1 e1ia F i?5L 8:il - s * U:l ° ■'*• lt: l! 4* 3! **
Between San Francisco and Bcnnetsen Park umi
■chednle as above. ■ ■»•"<•
' m Le*ye , j IneffacT"! Arrive : "
San Francisco. ' j^^ Ban Francisco.
Rg|sS Wtfn 9 aW «f5, j% A *«~
7:30 am '7:30 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 am
8:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 fit j 5:00 pm } Santa Itosa. 7:30 Pit | 6:13 pm
~ j Fulton, ~ — —
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
lHeald3bure,
. . IGeyservllle,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
Pieta, \ '
7:50 am Hopland A 10:10 am
B:3opm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 0:15 r*
7:30 am ~ " 1 10:10 am
7:30 am Gnernevllle. 7:80
3:50 ™ ■■ ■ ■ j 6:15 pic •
7 :30 am 1 7:30 am I Sonoma : 10:40 am 8:40 am
I • and • . •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7 :30 AMI SebaatODoL 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
B:3opm|s:oopm| o*o— topoi. | 6:os»m| 6:15 pic
; Btaces connect at Santa Rosa for Marl; - West
Bprlngs: at, Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; t*
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LAkeport: at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart'ett Springs; at
TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
l*kts, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
aeirs, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville.
<3reenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Sort Bragg, Wsstport, TJsal, Wlllets, Cahto, C*>
Ttlo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
tatea.
.On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle halldlnj,
£U C. WHITING. B. X. AH,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
• ~ — —
Atlantic
.Pacific j^^^^
Trains leave and arrlva ■*; jWifti§SjSßi§%Bd
ilarket-Street Ferry. i<sM
SASTA FE~EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & I'.^fi^jS^QUTgll
Leaves every day at 6 P. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up-
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
anil bedding and in charxeof a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Su Louis. . - -•
. Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Cl-.y, Chicago, Montreal and the White
. Jfottotalni leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausali to Ferry).
From San Francisco,' Commencing June 15, 189&
■ WEEKDAYS.
For Mill \ alley and 1 San Rafael — 7:00. •8!0fJ
' •9:16 10:15, 11:45, a. m.: »1:45, 3:20. 4:15,
. 6:16, »B:00, 6:35 p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
■ cays and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m. •' .
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:00
•10:00, 11:3'Ja. M.;*»ia:3J. »l:30, *2:15, *4-.od
6:30, 6:*5, 8:30 P. m. Extra trip to Sauealitou:
11 :00 a. m. .
Trains marked * run to San Qaentln. ••12:30
- P. U. does not run to Mill Valley. "
THROUGH TBAJN3.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 9 a. m.
Sundays.
• For Point Reyes, < Cazadero and way station*—
8»0a. M. Sundays; 1:46 r. m. weekdays. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect witb North Pacific
Coast Railroad. "-.""
WEEK DAYS— leaves. F. 9:1"S a. m. 1:45 p m.
Returning— ArrtVß 8. If. 3:25 p m. 6 20 p m
(SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. 8 a.m. 11:30 a.m. 1:30 jc
Returning— Arrive S.K.I :15 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p m ''
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or '
THOS. COOK & SONS, 621 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway. •
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■WtJ (}! ! 5 .w KABKT HT ' Established
firi^W) In 1 * 54 for ths treatment of Private
CBitiCWjMf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
'^i? I !^^ disease wearingou brniyand mlndand
**$&£ V&H S K. in Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswhen
*J«WXB| others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i *3SEa&2ys3Ciire»eaarantp«>d.~ Ctlionvrltp
i iir. J. t. V.IBBQ ». Sox 1957. Sao FraucSoa!
1112
MONEY WANTED
FOR SCHOOL USE
Board of Education Dis
satisfied With Its
Share.
CONFERENCE ASKED TOR.
Difference of Opinion Represents
a Very Considerable
Amount.
THE HINES CASE TTP AGAIN.
Proposition to Appeal to the Supreme
Court Put Over Until the
N xt Meeting.
The Bord of Education last evening re
ceived a report from the Finance Commit
tee. Tnis was substantially a protest
against the action of ihe Board of Super
visors, as proposed, to allow the School
Department only $1,000,000 for maintain
ing the public schools and $200,000 for the
Mission High School. The difference
between the amount asked for by the
Board of Education and the amount
allowed by the Supervisors is $323,934 75.
The report contained some figures which
represent items that may be rejected,
but it says: "It is the duty, as it is
the earnest desire, of the Board of Educa
tion to keep the schools open during the
year, but that cannot be done unless the
botrd is furnished with the necessary
funds to do so." The report closed with a
recommendation that the following reso
lutions be adopted:
Resolved, Tbat, for the reasons stated in this
report, the Board of Supervisors be respect
fully and earnestly requested to allow the
School Department, for maintaining the pub
lic schools daring the present fiscal year, the
sum of $1,150,000, exclusive of the" amount
already appropriated for the Mission High
School;
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors be
respectfully requested to appoint a day and
hour at which the members of the Board of
£<iui.-ation may meet them to confer as to the
actual needs of ihe department ;
Resolved. That the secretary be directed to
transmit a copy of the foregoing report and
resolutions to the Board of Supervisors.
The report was unanimously adopted.
The committee on classification recom
mended as follows: That a n*»w class be
formed in the school at the corner of Noe
and Jersey streets; that a new class in
stenography be formed in the Business
Evening School; that Mrs. Isabel Camp
bell of the day substitute class be ap
pointed a probationary teacher in the de
partment and assigned to the charge of
the new class in the school at the corner
of Noe and Jersey streets ; that Mrs. Chris
tine Chalmers, teacher in the Lincoln
Grammar School, be transferred to the
vacancy in the Rincon Grammar School;
that Miss Helen T. Crocker of the day
substitute class be appointed a probation
ary teacher and assigned to the charge of a
fourth-grade class in the Lincoln Grammar
School; that Miss Ella A. Small be ap
pointed a probationary teacher in the
Hearst Grammar Sohool; that Miss Anna
8. Iroeil. teac. er in the Douglass Primary
Srhool, be transferred to the Irving Scott
Primary School; that Miss Minnie Now
field be elected a teacher in stenography,
to take charee of the new class
in the Business Evening School; that the
Commmee on Buildings and Grounds be
authorized to properly fit up the cooking
room in the Irving Scott Primary School
building, and that "Lockwooa's" Lessons
in English" be authorized for use as a
textbooK in the Heh School class in the
Business Evening School. The recommen
dations were adopted.
A report was received from the City
Board of Examiners recommending that
Aliss Mary G. Noon. Miss Fan
nie M. Bliven and Miss Louise T.
Bray be recommended for life dinlo
raas in the grammar grade; that Miss
Anna Wolf. Miss Florence Prag and
Miss Laura May Blake be recommended
for State educational diplomas of the
grammar grade; that Miss Mabel C.
Black, a graduate from the State Normal
School at San Jose, be granted a grammar
grade certificate: that Miss Edith May
Gilraore be given a grammar-grade certifi
cate; that High School certificates be
given to William Belfrage, F. H. Dam and
Guy Hinton; that grammar-grade certifi
cates be given to Miss Jennie L. Powers,
Miss Kate L. Torper, Mrs. Clara A. Mc-
Donald and J. H.Mitchell. That certifi
cates be renewed as follows: High School
certificates — Walter N. Bush, Charles H.
Murphy, Miss A. J. Clark, Misa Florence
Prag; primary grade— Misses M. E. Mor
gan, Nora Duyer and N. E. Purniio; also
that George Bates be given a High bchool
certificate and special certificates in Latin
and in French. These were adopted.
Petitions were received from George E.
Greeley Jackson, applying for a position
as professor of navigation, nautical
astronomy and marine survey in ihe de
partment; also a demand from Isidor
Leszynsky for $100 salary as principal
teacher of the Business Evening School
for the month of August, 1896.
R. Mohr, secretary of the Sunnyside
Land Company, sent a communication
setting forth that a deed for four lots for
school purposes in the Sunnyside tract
will be issued under authority of the
directors of the Sunnyside Land Com
pany.
The Laguna Honda district petitioned
for a fuil-^raded school and the appoint
ment of an additional teacher.
Resolutions were adopted awarding to
"William Linden the contract for bitu
niinizinz the yardr and other work at the
Cooper Primary School building, the price
being $1078, and the contract to Holm &
Sheiblcy for planking the yard at the La
fayette Primary School for $796; rejecting
all other bids for planking and bituminiz
ing schoolyards received August 26; tuat
all bids lor the construction of a fourth
class frame school building at Sunnyside,
excepting those of H. Hansell and John
Burns, be rejected, and deferring final ac
tion until the next meeting of the board.
The position of Miss Emma H. Provost,
a regular teacher in the department, was
declared vacant, she having been married
August 5, 1896.
The keeper of the lighthouse at Faral
lon islands as.ktd lor school facilities for
ten children, offering to furnish lree
board for a te.icher.
Mrs. S. Hoffman was appointed janitress
of the Agassiz Primary School, and Mrs.
Annie Kennedy was made janitress of the
school 011 Sixth avenue.
The salaries of the principals oi the new
school on Sixth avenue and at the Six
mile House were fixed at $90 per month.
A communication was received from
William Grant suggesting that an appeal
be taken to the Supreme Court from the
decision or Judge Murphy in the Hines
case. The decision of Judge Murphy is
to the effect that the Board of Education
had no right to reduce certificates of
teachers. This matter was discussed and
action was deferred until the next meet
ing. Mr. Grant offered to take the case
U)> without further charge.
The new school on the San Bruno road
was named the Sunnyvale School and
Mrs. Rebecca Greennw was appointed
principal. The new school on Sixth ave
nue was named the Park School.
A resolution to rescind a former resolu
tion a<* vising the formation of a teachers'
council was lost — 6 to 4. The noes were
Clinton. Co rate, Henderson and Murdock.
STRUCK BY A LIVE WIRE.
The Horses of a Dump Wagon Have a
Lively Spurt on Krarny Street.
A broken trolley wire, an infuriated
horse and an Italian scavenger shouting
wildly for assistance created commotion
of no ordinary nature yesterday morning
on Kearny street.
Lnigi Biaggi, whose occupation is to
gather refuse matter from house to house,
and cart it to the dumps beyond Mission
Creek, was returning from" there at 10
o'clock. His wagon was empty and his
span of horses trudged along wearily af ler
a hard night's work.
As the team, northward bound, crossed
Market street from Third, the overhead
wire of the trolley-car snapped, and hung
in a writhing coil like a snake to the pave
ment.
The break was directly in the path of
the poor old tired horse on the off side of
tne dutu peart tongue, and Le stepped on it.
For a fen moments the unfortunate ani
mal became young and active again. Tbat
the many hundreds of volts of electricity
that he received did not kill him is a
wonder. He stiffened out and fell, recov
ering only when the swing of the wire
caused it to spring back and away, dis
connecting it from the suffering beast.
The pendulum motion of the instrument
of torture brought it back, however, every
few moments, and each touch sent the old
home into wild contortions.
Two or three proddings of this kind
caused the horse to realize that he was in
a bad locality, and, for the first time in
years, he pricked up his ears and opened
out, dragging along his astonished mate
and frightening the driver nigh on to
paralysiß.
Policeman Harris, stationed at Lotta's
fountain, ran after the team and stopped
the pained and infuriated horses as they
reached Post street.
All traffic on Kearny street was sus
pended for an hour, until the railroad em
ployes mended the break.
CRESWELL WAS ANGRY.
The Insinuations of Favoritism to Con
tractors Denied — Names Dropped.
The meeting of the Election Commis
sioners was enlivened yesterday by City
and County Attorney Creswell, who
waxed wroth because of the insinuation
of a local firm of contractors that the
Commissioners were "playing favorites"
in awarding work in connection with elec
tion booths. He thought that they should
be forced to substantiate their re marks,
but the matter was dropped without ac
tion being taken.
The following were dropped from the
roll for illegal registration : William P.
Tabor, 14 Mason street; E. D. Baker 1230
Page; William J. Quinn, 916 Market; J.
J. Noblitt, 105 Stockton: C. W. Hogan. 105
Stockton.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Miss C Lebnght, Merced C Genazze, Bodega
P H Shields. Stockton H Grossman, Los Angeles
CSlonicker, Jamestown LH Good bar, Cincinnati
G Brown, Scotland R Brown, Scotland
J G Houghton, Hornltos J Hegati <fe w. chico
Mrs H D Anderson <fe M Wuttke«t w, San Jose
•°. n « Sonora f J Richards, Soulsbyv
a E Williams. Sonora M Blair, >onora
G E Pierce <fe w. Placerv T M Jackson, .Sonora
J C Barren, Stockton P H Shields, Los Angeles
J T Cameron, Livingstn W P Stoneroad & w, Cal
L i ason, Sonora J Sierra, Sonora
M Douglas. Oak dale JF o Richards, Oakdale
J R Laughrey, Sonora A F.mler, Columbia
H Shaw, sonora H Brnnson.ChineseCamp
M J Baker. Oakdale W Beal, Oakdale
J M Cunningham <fe w, E Hendersen, Sonora
Flainsburg M Howe, Santa Rosa
\J Foefle, Glen Ellen G Hopkins, Glen Ellen
W Brown, Glen Ellen C Weeks, Olen Ellen
F Vaughan, Glen Ellen S D Voorman. Glen Ellen
\\ Hammon, Glen Ellen E Bentley, Glen Ellen
O Brennan, Glen Ellen J Nichols, Glen Ellen
B Jones, Glen Ellen J B Hull, Glen Ellen
GRAND HOTEL. i
J H Williams, Los Ange H E Barber, Stockton
D^ F Bunon ' * iock w C Reichllng, Jackion
J F Devendorf, San Jose X L Wllholt, Stockton
L E Boyd, Santa Rosa W A Dinn, Logansport
J A Martin, El Paso F W Covey, Palo Alto
D B Manvick.Grass Val B F We •llncton, Cal
U Whlpple. Decato W Holladay & w, uaklnd
A. « Hart. San Jose c M Mason, San Jose
A Clark * w Trover E F Manks, Philadelphia
TG Newman, Mich J a Mackenzie & w. Cal
g, J J**!H' San Mat «° J Haggerty, Hanford
™. H ™ V i."£ Los Ange F R Uenrv, Dayton
Miss PR Henry. Dayton Miss >iiudnds, Dayton
L A Kerameroi, lowa X Whito. Chico
F 2 a 5 s , '. ore> t ' h ' ca Mr » B Jones, Chicago
?.,*£, Fr lck *w ' cal J 0 Frici &w, Cal
W Smith, Undley A M Hutchinson, Cat
W W r .''7' Campbell F Davidson, Danville
W H de Valin. s Rafael C L Kuesbrlc, Fresno
?^r ra J Sli !l. pa , n » G McLean & w, Cal
J. A . M f,^ h ?, m * wi Cal Mn A Lyman. Cal
F h Klkd, Williams W E M Beardslee A f.Cal
O O Lovdal. Sacramento W G Barr, Stockton
W S Tinning, Martinez S a Kitchener, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
? S £? *2 ! ky * Cnlca 8O 0 Turnbull <fe wf, Denver
A B Wood, Detroit A Hague, Wash 1 ton i D i •
m WI T n S^VJS r ' 1 V Miss i'"lm.ller, NY C
Mrs J E Kidder Syracuse R Coffey. Santa Cruz
M R Kngel ',^ V ° B Hid well A wf, Va
o 'ST ° a« Mi.s MI. Galne B ,Vir inla
R J-- Lashley, Cleveland J F Moffett H V " slula
E H Palmer * alte ,' ilont J A Coram.' Lowell. Mass
\V Macewen, Scotland J G Day, Cascade LocS
»?S? A v ¥^lllips,BC D McClaVktn? Oregon '
8H Geise, B V c H Jordan, Stanford
Mrs S H Geige, NY C Heine, Stanford
Mrs S G Tavlor, NY W I Taylor NY
H C Smith. Fresno F E Slmnson, Boston
Miss Simpson. Boston Mrs W X Simp.on. Mass
E £ ( .. h " rch!ll - JNa «» P J Klincmnn Mich
C E hue, santa Cruz B D Stoinman, Sacto
Irvin* Ste.nman. 8ac;o Ett« Stelnman, sacto
Mrs steininan, Sacto >~vw
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Bost, San Qnentln . T Forssell. Taeoma '
£5 22? ' a , com » J McDonald Acai'tla
C Middlemlss. sQuen-In W W Scott, Placervine
W Ryan, Barbersville J Milton, Dallas Tex
I Newcount, J-u:ter B E Com i, 8 , Alameda
C W Johnson. Oakland E S Adams HorZ
T Brighouse. Hornltos F B Grant, Hornltos
G P Braly, uaicland G L Hudson. Cnarlotte
Js*»S2^
fi^^^^oG^n^TvVie^
£ X Breese. Jackson * C LaDuke RM V
Mrs B Burch. San jose KLNewman l'»sn ««ki~.
OHKDlirht, Stockton P T Br"cbt Mil? vifff 8
H g W"; ""J^ J KyanVlre 'and '"^
W B Reynolds & w, 1, A
LICK HOUSE.
« W , W Green, Cal Geo X Porter, lal
C Van Norden, sacto T D Coulter, Stockton
A ellk»owm,s«n .lose J M Fulweiler, Anton
J Frank!, La«eview, l r C J NeaL Cal ■ auuurn
EJ Snltzer, San Mateo PS lay Cal
M H Iscard, Nevada Cty \V R Contee Nnviii.rt.
N W Bell & fm, St lon s W Powell & wf Jlmirl
Mrs Q G Brlggv Dvsv.l. W H ClarY Jn^Tkton
GeO F Buck, .-rockton Geo n K»trprir.«-ln i!«.J..i
Mrs C X Danfonb. & fm. F«nk W^K™ F?antl „"
Wary s;l"e A c Hill man. JDavisTiliS
NE de Yor, Modesto Mrs T X Wynes Nin»
W Lee & !m. 3 Barbara D r w WKaitman - o^iora
Sirs W a Wr ght,S Jose F Cohn &w. Live ran™
C A O'Brien & w, Prtlnd Jas 1' Bowman Ashland
W McHride & w. Mntrey P .V Eesim^aUnaiuS
Mrs( A Harvey.: Newman Mas M Harvey \ewmai
Tho* J Fox, Santa Rosa Geo Allen. Stockton
H H Town* & w, sacto Miss J Noble, CJliroy
P Jerome, Pacific Grove Go X Hall, Bakersneid
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W launders, St l,ouis E Myron Wolf, sacto
I, Hawkins <fe w, i hi . ;ii{i> J ' ' Crooks, Hay wards
R S Brown, >»n Jo>e G Miifliavaca, Napa
L w Conn, Suisun F 1* Helwig, Mvarado
>v X Waldrup, Alameda Miss Dumm, Chicago
Miss Cailln, Los Angeles s Hangen, Salinas
G Ernst, Nevada Mrs a Conn <fe s, Ked Biff
H A be b ram, si Helena J Stein back. Angels Cop
Mrs C smith, Val'ejo J A Willis, Napa
F Mullin. Napa R William, N V
Miss Wans, Butte
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
. BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cau>
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
■lent In the year.
BRANCH OJFICBB-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
71S arWn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
•ntil9 < ?clo ?r6lXteCDth M * M — U#B ■«**•»-"
??B B Jf'"!! lon Btreet '°Pen unt » 9 o'clock,
lib Ninth street, op until 9:30 o'clock
A NOTICE OF MEETINGS*. '--
IS^". S X X h
»-»' Lodge No. 2. T.O. o. y -Jtecu- -^•=3^l
lßrmeeiin X THIS EVENING First^-CES^^
degree will be conferred. <^IV^ S '
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
|^» K. R. 8.- RIFLES, ATTENTION- ,
&_' You are hereby notified to assemble
at your ! hall SUNDAY MORNING ThetVU
13th inst.. at 9. H0 sharp, without fail, for^s^
the purpose i attending our annual picnic lobe
held at Shell Mound p^rk Tickets can be pro-
cured at the Dirk gate or ferry. ■
■_'■_. DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~ ~
WE%5* piVr^E^Dlf OTICE-DIVIDEND - NO.'
f^-S' 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co. will ie payable
a: the office of the company, 327 Market strict
on ana after Monday, September '21 189K.'
ibSS"« a'Sd&k '" «° se TueBday ' Septembers,
: K. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ..
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
CALIFORNIA RATTAN CO.
MANUFACTURERS OF
Baby Carriages, Reed and ßattan Furniture
55-, 57. ?9 and 61 FIRST STREET
San. Francisco^x^^^' /& - - ,* 0 4>
Mr. Charles M. Shortridge,
Editor and Proprietor ''CALL. 11
Dear Sir.
Herewith I mail you copy for an advertisement to be pub-
lished under the heading For Sale Miscellaneous.
The results from advertising in your journal are unsur-
passed by any medium, orders having come to us through the
CALL from as far distant as Central America.
Please continue our advertisement until further notice.
Respectfully yours,
Jute tffe*/*
: CHDRCH NOTICES.
Jt^> FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
tS^S' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Kdwin Hart
Jinks, co-pastor. Preaching at 11 a. it. ' and
7:45 p_ Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Young
People's Society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30
p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 8 p.m. All
are welcome to these services.
jf^S 3 FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
■r-»^ Church. Golden Gate aye. and 1 oik St.—
Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D., pastor. Services at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. The young people's services
at 6:45 p.m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices, subject for evening: "The Cave of Adul-
lam." Cordial invitation to all.
■f^B* UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
ffi^*' Church (open communion), Bush St., near
Larkin— Rev. | William N. Meserve, pastor, who
will preach Sunday, the 13th, morning and even-
ing; subject: "The Eye and 'Kye Gate.'" Sun-
day-school, Juniors and Kndeavorers as usual. J.
H. Norrls is organist and musical director. The
church lias just recently been freed from debt.
sfc^» HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH. HOW-
Sf^ si., bet. Second and Third— Rev. W. W.
Case, D.D., pastor: Professor Martin Schultz,
musical director: William F. Gibson, Sunday-
school superintendent. Preaching to-morrow
morning and evening by the Rev. W. L. Birch,
D.D., of Manchester, H.ng. Morning service. 11
o'clock; subject: "Fellow-Christians. Hold On Your
Way." Evening service, 7:45 o'clock; subject:
••Weary Ones, Keep Up Heart; Is God Dead?"
Sunday-school, 12:30 p. m. worth League, 6:45
p. m. Seats free and everybody welcome to all
services.
9^S* MISSION TO" ISKAEL— REV, DR.
9t-^ Lewis de Lew will lecture to Jews and
Christians In Cambrian Hall, 1133 Mission si., on
Tuesday, Sept. 15. at BP. it. All are cordially in-
vited. Admission free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
1^ T. JONES; OCULIbT^^AJJD
m*& aurist, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 til.
Xg 1 OAKUND SESSION OF THE STATE
*— ' Spiritualist convention will be held .In
Loring Hall, cor. of Clay and Eleventh Hts.. SUN-
DAY, 13th. at 2:30 and 7:30 p. M. Addresses by
Ji on. H. D. Barrett of WashinKton. D. C, W. J.
Colvllle, Madam Montague and other prominent
speakers and mediums. All visiting and home
delegates and public are cordially Invited.
jt3S=» BAD TENANT?. EJECTED FOR $4:
B'—' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mont;y St.. room TeL 6580.
aS3=» BAD TENANTS ejected, s3. cook.
I*-*^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
tT^Sp DR. ALBKRT ABRAMS HAS RE-
<*~-» moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
B^SP GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OitDKR;
or**? cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden '^ate aye. . •
PCS" DX. T. F. BKENNAN REMOVED TO
tf—' Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
W2jb» DR. «. K. SHSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
—*& his offices to 22% tieary st., rooms 1 and 2.
5Jf2S> CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
'526? THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
Doslase free.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
pOMPKTENT, TRUST WO RTHy WOMAN
VJ wishes to do washing, ironing, cooking or
housecleanlng by the day; best references given.
MRS, if X 1 18, 3367 Twenty-sixth Bt., nr. Mission.
ADIKS REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
and reliable uelp in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to C. R.
HANSEN CO., 110 Geary st. ■
"IJELIABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE 81TU-
XX) ation in small, quiet family in city; Ameri-
can and elderly lamily preferred, Call or address
303 Jessie st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
refined widow: would like * position as house-
keeper: understands the care of a house and cook-
Ing thoroughly: widow's family preferred; good
reference if required. Address or call 430 Fulton
st., in rear. " . .
ADY IN REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES IS
desirous of obtaining a position as house-
keeper; will do sewing or menu ing or work of any
kind 821 Mission st., room 3.
■yOUNG LADY FROM THE EAST WOULD
-I like a situation as general housekeeper: city or
country. Apply 223 Post st., room 2.
V RESPECTABLE WOMAN TO DO GEN-
eral housework; good cook and laundress;
many years reference. Call 304 Jessie st.
yOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
-L housekeeper: is Al cook. 838 Mission, rm. 5.
ELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
place to do light housework, city or country;
wages $15. Address L- H., 668 Ninth St., Oakland.
fTAHOROUGHLY COMPETENT, NEAT GER-
X. man girl wishes situation for housework and
cooking; good cook; first-class reference. box
7. Ca 1 Office. Oakland.
GOOD, RELIABLE GIRL WISHES GOOD
place to do cooking and housework. 427
Dolores St., beL Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
VO UNG WIDOW DESJRKS A POSITION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-house, or plain sewing,
or will take charge of city or country residence.
864% Mission, room 3. :...;;
REFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POBI-
At lion as companion, care of children, Invalid,
or would do upstairs work: references.- Call or ad-
d.-ess A. B. C, 302 Van Ness aye.
GERMAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
wants .situation: competent cook: good refer-
ences: fond of children. Address G. W.. box 76
Call Office. •
THIRST- CLASS DRESSMAKER WO L D
X work by the day: fit gu«ranteed; . reasonable.
44 Sixth St., room 46.
13EFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKE POSI-
X\i tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's family. Room 13, 1 Fifth st.
yoUNU LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
X traveling companion. Apply at 706 Ellis St..
room 6, second floor. .
T/*KENOH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day; general housework and sewine at home
cc. Address or can M. HERTIN, 1712 Dupont.
1) XL1 A RLE GIRL WISH i-.5> TO DO GENERA 0
XV housework; Is a first-class cook. 51% Clem-
entlna si., bet. First and Second.
yoUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A SITUA-
X tion to do general housework or as laundress
Call 01 address 122 Eighth st,
SWEDISH WOMAN WITH LITTLE GIRL
0 would like situation as cook or house-Keeper;
country preferred. Call or address 989 Howard st.
y OUNGGIRL (SWISS-GERMAN) WISHKs A
. X situation in private family to do general house-
worK: good seamstress. : Call or add. 709 Mission.
IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN .WIDOW
wishes situation as . chambermaid, working
housekeeper or companion; is experienced: good
references. ; Address, or call between 12 and 2, 106
'J ay lor si., room 1. f
1 ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ xeeper for widow. ; 223 Post St., room 1.
T?XPERIENCED INFANTS' NURSE DE-
J-i sir's a position; good references. ■ Call or ad-
dress 700 E«.dy st. .
\\f OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
vii washing or ' liousecleanlng. Address -or call
323 Third St.. rm. 22. . :*< 1 •:::
KFINKD AMERICAN WIDOW WOULD
XL 'like position as housekeeper In lodging-house
or widower's family. Address W.. box 75, Call.
PEFINEIJ GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
XX situation; love-children: talks English and
tome French; references. L. G., box 119, Call.
•y OUNG '-EASTERN LADY, GOOD SEAM-
X stress, wl,hes plain sewing to do. Call from 1
to 8 v, m., 25 .Mnta st., room 22, second floor.
SITUATIONS ' AM TED— Continued^
VOCXG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 .Market st., room second floor.
GE NTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market.
' INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
Market: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
\re* bin ann tmeeacp to mid from tin* lerrv.
SITUATIONS WASTKD-MALE.
C~R7iirANSEirA7?ari loiriATfy^icrFtJi?
• nish on short notice grape, fruit and hop pick-
ers and all kinds of farm, dairy, orchard and vine-
yard help in numbers to suit. Tele. Grant 185.
1 . K. HAN SEN & CO., 110 GEARY ST., FUR,
I■■'•1 ■■'• nish on short notice miners, mllimen, me-
chanics and laborers for all kinds of work. Wire-
mall or phone us your orders. Tel. Grant 185.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
J~ APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
0 best help. 314b Butter St.; tel. Grant 30.
HINESK AND JAPANESE RKLIABLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY .SCO.. 640 Clay.
pUINESE AND JAPAN EiSE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best heln. 4141/2 O'farreU: U»l. K. 42&
1, . V TEMPERATE MAN OF SO; Al REFER-
I' ence: practical painter and paper-hanger;
handy with tools; will work yery cheap; city or
country; by day or job. Add. O. X.. box 95, Call.
POSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, reliable, young German; understands
care of horses, garden and general work: is willing
and obliging; -class references. Address 8. G.,
box 128, Call Office.
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
situation to take care of horses and cows: can
drive buggy and do all kinds or outside work:
reference. Address H. M. SUZUKUWA, 113
Church st. . •■
GOOD PANTRYMAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
how to make all kinds of salads (fancy style)
wants place In city. LOUIS FAVART, 1300 a
Powell st. .^.
IKST-CLASS JAPANESE COOK DESIRES
_ place In private family in this city. FRANK
C, >.. 22 Prospect place. •
TAILORS— YOUNG MAN WANTS JOB
i- on coats; can make coats; thoroughly experi-
enced. Address M., box 83, Call office.
OOD SiEADY GERM Alt LUNCH- WAITER
wants work. Address CHARLES, 657 Mis-
sion st. . batstore. ■
/ lOOf) CARPENTER, ACTIVE, SOBKB AND
i* ' reliable, wishes situation with property-
owner, or work in any us ful capacity. Address
C. 11., box 11 -A Call office.
."yOUNG MAN, WITH 2 YEAR*' EXPERI-
I- ence In machine-shop, wishes work as helper or
anything. Address X., box 93. this office.
t« INEMAKKR — IF YOU WANT ONE PER-
' feet in the business and married, address S..
box 92, Call Office. .
LACKSMITH (GERMAN) WISHES A JOB
JJ horse-shoeing and general work; city or coun-
try. Call or address 208 Clara st.
rpHIRD-HAND BAKER WANTS WOKK.
I Call or address 2019 Mission st.
W ANTED— BY A STEADY AND RELIABLE
»" man (American), position in store, wholesale
house or any kind of day work. . ., box 160. Call.
SITUATION WA.\ TED BY COMPETENT, RE-
li&ble man as traveling companion or waiting
on camping parties; is steady and trustworthy;
speaks English and Spanish. Call or address RO-
MAN LUCEO. 1416 Powell st.
BY BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
XJ noons and evenings: reasonable. Address
A. 8., box 20. Call Office.
XPERIENO«.D CLXXX with BEST REF-
XJ erences wishes situation in some line; nominal
salary expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st.
"yOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS GAR-
X dener or as coachman; good reference. Apply
GEORGE WOLLAB, 136 Julian aye.
SITUATION WANTED FOB A FIRST-CLASS
O carpenter as carpenter or something else ; needs
to work. Address D., 1060 Howard st.
U" INCIIESTKR HOUSK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
II Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus an baggage 10 and from the ferry.
COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market st-. 8. F., Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
*' Market— Electric lights in every room: 201)
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OUSEWORK GIRL, BELVEDERE, $25;
Healdsburg, $25; Fruitva'e. $25: Mill Val-
ley, $25; Sacramento, $20: Santa Cruz, $20, 2 in
family, and other towns; 12 housework girls, city
$2 0 und $-25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
■MISS CL L E.\, 823 Sutter st.
MEAT, RKFINED SCANDINAVIAN HOUSE-
-1 h \ or ' r ,'' San Rafael. $30, 3 In family, see
lady here. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. ■
'I ERMAN NURSE AND SEAMSTRESS, $20,
VJ one child. MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter st.
*' W m I i r^v |., I E S> HOTEL > CITY, $20. MISS
• <. PLUIM, 323 -utter at.
> i l 'i.V Nt ' IJ PROTESTANT BECOND GIRL,
.-iVi t2- : v e °i )<1 <, B eamstress, two In family. MISS
cui.ijiii7>, 3.3 > utter st.
COOK AND SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE
country; $30 and $25. MISS CUL.LEN, 823
butter st.
\f OTHER AND DAUGHTER, $35 TO $40, AS
MisH°r? 1 ?T d v BC2'8 C 2'. lrtGlrl: co "°" : see lady here.
MISS CIiLLKN. 323 Sutter St. . '
TV" EA J f)Klil *AN SECOND GIRL, $30; 2 SKC-
i,., 2 nd Blrls> clty « *20aud **&• MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st
]v;eat GIRL or woman, light HOUSE-
work, 2in family, 12 MISS CULLEN, 323
oUticr at.
FRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25r"_isaTcur.
LKN. 323 Sutter st.
TlflDliLE-AGtD WOMAN TO ASSIST -IN
XIX boarding-house, $16. room, etc.; 3 waitresses,
$15 and room; woman cook, $8 a week and room;
house girl for Aiameda, $20: girl for Union street,
? B i, girl for AUrneda County, »lr., fare paid ; gir.
for Berkeley, $20: nursegln, *10; 7 hou»e«irls.
$15, etc.; 9 young girla, assist, etc., *8. $10 and
$1J per month. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st. .
i) GIKLS, ONE AS CHAMBERMAID, OTHER
— as waitress, same country hotel, $15 each, fare
paid; second girl, $15, fare paid; cookr, house-
work, etc.: lunch cook, 60c day. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. :-.■-. - . .a - • . :
V*; ANTED— GIRL FOR BAKERY, • $20;
•'i French nurse. $20; German nurse, $25: gins
for housework, $25 and $20; French cook, two In
family. $25, country. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton Si. . -..-...
XjR-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET; ONLY
-i.'*. first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
HANDS, WITH FACTORY EXPERIENCE,
on ladies' .. waists and wrappers; steady em-
ployment. ■ 126 Eighth st.
\\r ANTED — NEAT. YoUNG . NURSEGIRL;
" Berkley; $15. Call Saturday, II to 12, 627
Parrott building. .. "..
d Wanted, APPLY ettinger's,
VJ 723 Market ai.
GOOD .NTS FINISHER WANTED;
steady work. - all earlf, 131% Eddy st.
GERMAN GIRL: GENE.. AL HOUSEWORK
VJ and plain cooking: small ■ family. 109 j Scott.
S~ TRoNG GIRL TO MIND CHILD; BLEEP
O hdme. Apply . aiter , 10:30, 303 Fifth, rm. 19.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
\\ r ANTED— YOUNG GERMAN LADY FOR
" nurse: Golden Gate aye. Inquire 130 Sixth st.
p IRL WANTED TO WAIT ON TABLE; CALL
VJ" early. 406 McAllister.
■yOUNG UIRL to ASSIST WITH LIGHT
X housework and children; 88. 276 California a y.
ANTED — GOOD COOK AND GENERAL
»» honseworker. 2101 Pacific aye.
JEWISH OR GJ4RMAN LADY AS SECOND
cook. 920 olgom st.
ANTED — MIDDLE- AGKD WOMAN FOR
general housework. Call '28, South Park.
■LURS.T-CLASS TAILORKS-5 WANTED. AP-
J ply BOWHAV, 504 Sutler St.
CIOMPETENT BKIRTMAKER WANTED;
\J none other need apply; wages flO to 15 per
week. 504 tjutter st.
V'OUNG GIRL FOR; LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
I 1019 Fair Oaks st.
QOAT-FINISHERa 541 MARKET ST.
■VTEAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
—v housework; small family; Btolla. m. 317
Scott fit*
rpAILORE*S; FINISHER ON FINE PANTS'
X 736 Minna st
ADIESTO LEARN HAIRDRESSING. MAS-
Icurlng, beauty culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Postst.
AIR-DKESSINU: MANICUKINU LK>Mj\a
given Atlas DOYLE. 211! Powell st.. 105 9 th.
\y ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASS OPh>
»» rator on corsets; high wages: Singer sewlne-
machine used: run by electric rower. 1388 Market.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVEHSHIRTS
;and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., V'iy*
Fremont st.
SSMAKEHS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
-— ' for families: waist and skirt hands for shops:
positions free. WELL'S school. 636 Market.
HAIRDRESsINo. 260 AND 85c: MOKNJNU
and eve classes: 101es«ons,»l 60. 1248 Mission.
1/iLYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X 1 days free; ato 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLE;
«rS Winchester House, 44 Third st^ near Market;
<!00 rooms: aßc to *1 60 per nii?ht; $1 60 to ?a
p»r week- : free 'bus and bgggagt- 10 and from ferry.
, MALE HELP WANTED.
IV" ANTED— 3O. MORE MEN AND STRONG
111 boys to pull beans, large ranch, near city, fees
50c: 6a men to pick grape*, worK in packing and
drying houses, etc., good long job, office fees 50c
each; 100 men. women and children to pick hops
in Alameda County, tents on the ground, pickers
can do their own cooking or eat at company's
boarding-house, fees 50c: 2 miners, $52 per
month: bnttermaker, first-class place, 30 and
found; cooks, waiters and dishwashers and 50
others. We make no foolish boast of being the
leading employment agents of the world, but we
treat everybody on the square and never run
down w»ges. There are others, if you want a
reliable job go to W. D. EWER & OCX, 626 Clay.
— 350:z=zz=zz=E:
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES
dry and box raisins, work In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $ 20 to $23 per month and found;
this job Is for a large banKing syndicate: 3 months'
job; call at once: fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment AgentS '
63* and 636 Clay st.
1 C WAITERS, 825, *30, $35, CITY AND
«T,.n country hotels and restaurants: 6 cooks $30,
940,960: A dish wash its; 2 second bakers: chore-
boy for ranch. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTER FOR RANCH; 10 DRILLERS-
\J 3hammersmen: 20 teamsters for ranches- 4-
horse teamster; stableman. MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay!
HOTEL BUTCHER; ASSISTANT COOK. HO-
>« tel $30: 3 waiters, with dress su ts, hotel,
If 30; dishwasher, potwasber. kitchen hands and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
ILKER, COUNTRY. $30 AND FOUND-
I'-l farmer and wife. $30, see boss here: stable-
man, private place. $20. C. R. —ANSEN & CO..
110 Geary st.
O WAITERS. $30 AND ROOM; 2 WAITERS.
«J $25 and room; lunch waiter; 4 cooks. $7 and
$8 a week: waiter, $8 a week: 2 dishwashers, $6
a week: man for light work. $10, room, board, etc ■
waiter, $S a week: waiter, small place, $4 a week:
waiter, $15 ami room 8 dishwashers, $15 and $20
per month. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
VU ANTEO —OX TEAMSTER, $60 AND
'» found; farmers, $20: young man for fruit
ranch. Kl5; • harness-maker, $8 a week and room;
cook for Institution, $50; camp cook, $30; board-
ing-house cook, $30; hotel and restaurant waiters
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSEI & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
W AITER. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20: 2 MA-
" chine miners, $8 a day; cook, Institution,
$20; cook for boarders, $18; ranch cook. 2 men,
$10, free fare: dishwasher. $15; 10 grape-pickers,
90 cents per ton. R. T. WARD <fc CO., 608 and
610 Clay st.
G1 ARDENER AND COACHMAN, $25 TO $30-
T country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
ANTED-SALESMAN FOR THIS CITY
for California wines and brandies on salary or
commission. Address, with reference, stating pre-
vious experience and salary or commission ex-
pected, W. B : box 67, Call Office.
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO WORK IN
■tore; steady position; salary $16 per week,
with future increase; must have $100 cash. Ap-
ply 917 Market si., room 2.
VITANTED-FOR PERMANENT PLACE IN
• * country an Industrious man to cook, work
about place and house. Address Country, box 2
Call Office. . ---;-■■
"DARKER FROM SATURDAY NOON TO BU.V-
-■D day noon: a chance ■" for steady. 16591 A
Mission st. - ; . .-.. . . ,
\\r ANTED— BARBER SATURDAY EVEN-
»» ing: goad pay. 1707 Market st.
n; ANTRD - BAKBER FOR SATURDAY.
»» 605 Broadway.
O BARBERS, STEADY, AT 757 HOWARD BtT
ARBEK FOB SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
2140 Mission at., near Eighteenth.
TJAIiBGK FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
532 Third st.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 797
Mission at. Call at 9 o'clock.
BARBEK SATURDAY EVEN-
ing. 707 Bran an st. ■ :
ARBKWB; 2; STEADY OR FOR SATUB-
day; good wages. Apply 769% Howard st. .'
IJ ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY*.
1> 1444 Valencia st. ;
I.AKBiiE, WANTED. 25% SIXTH ST."
TiARBER FOR SATURDAY. 52 SEVENTH."
AN TO CLEAN UP AROUND A SALOON.
2132 Flllmore at. ...-■.■
Air ANTED-BOY 14 YEARS AT HERMANN
»». Safe Company Factory, 526 Sacramento at
Vir ANTED — DISHWASHER. 648 FOURTH
»» street.'-. . '.-r; .■.-■, ---,-■;.■■.
\\r ANTED - BOOTBLACK. 779 MARKET
''street. . . ,- . . ; . ... •;
\V AIT /: :R , S j WANTED. 411% O'FARBELL
"it. Call early. .
yoc.NG man to work AttOUND HOTEL."
X Kastlake Hotel, Bay and Webster. -
p OOD VEST-PRESSER. 41 sTEVESSOV
VJ- street.: -..'..■.-.. ... . ■_.- .- . -■-.•.- ,*
LEW GENTLEMEN. MORE TJ TAKE sUN"
X ny furnished rooms; $1 up. . 217 second st.
HELP WANTED— Continned .
BARBERS*'~EirPLdYarENT
0 secretary. H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
_ent secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
AKBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL sKC.
P. C. Barbers' Asan. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant are.
BARBER SHOP.— CHAIRS; 15c: GOOD
business: rent $10; opp.carhouse. 1310 Castro-
T>ARBERS— AIR SHOP FOR SALE, $76;
XJ rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
GOOD BREAD-BAKER WANTED. B. D.,
box 78, Call Office. ,
\\r ANTED— MAN TO CANVASS, ONLY
11 wholesale trade, with the fastest seller: comi-
cal, lapel buttons; now the rage; can be sold
everywhere: big profit. Address now, M.
ERNST, Manufacturer, Cleveland, Ohio.
IV ANTED— AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
"' for a domestic department: none others need
apply. 523 Market 3  room 7, bet. 3:3o aiid 6 p M.
XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON LADIES'
XU custom tailoring. M. J. KELLER COMPANY,
Oakland. .
S~~AII.oRS WANTED AT LANE'S, 504 DAVIS
street. . ■ .
TEAKS. CHOPS. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOB. 6
cents. 635 lay St.. Big Yellow Front.
\Y A f f.D-AN IDEA; WHO CAN TH INK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDnERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
oner and list of '.'OO inventions WHnted.
YV A N .J KD - FOa THE UNITED STATES
»i Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
rot less th»n 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. CaL
\ V ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
•1 St., California House.
WE WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
»» and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., H. F.
ANTED— JUEN TO Li.ARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
Xl 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 1 5c to
60c;week $1 to s2 50;rettdlng-room;strictestatten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
ANTED— MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
»» $1 weeK, 25c night 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will <fc Fluck'a.S.F-
Y> UUMS 160 To 75c Pfc.R NIUUT: 50c TO «1 50
XX rx-r week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
\J shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st.
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
*» boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand; shoes to order, .?8 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726% Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
INCHESTERHOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and Irora the ferry.
nPRY ACME HOUSE, 937 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, lor a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
1 IN UiSLL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
» ' sts.: single inrniahed ran 7Scweek. 16c night
S.— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
"ii in me:* to take LODUINU AT 100, lie
Xv'U and 20c a night, including coffee and roll*
624 Washington st. near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
WA D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, Etlll runs Denver House, 217 Third st: I*o
large rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per weelt.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room ; daily paper*. 86 clay st .
MJi.N TO b'UKL) di^.XJlA'l'i'a:> &TU<J_ HOOD;
all grocers keeD It
\Y ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'" ers&clejus. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
WE ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
»» your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladles' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 60c. ; machine-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
!•'-' SO. 56L» Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
PARTNERS WANTED.
anted! a^^p^r^n^er^TfYrs^class
*» restaurant; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced; this is more essential than
capital. Write A., box 60. Call Office.
AGENTS wanted.
pHILLS AND cured in HALF a
\J day without quinine: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. A. CHARLTON. Kelseyvllle. CaL
A GENTS; BIG MONEY; LATEST PKOPOSI-
A tlon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter St.
A GENTS — 'PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
-TV of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-ln-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indiac fighters: the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
F. PERSON. Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER <fe RAY CO., 723 Market at,
WANTED— LADY OK GENTLEMAN TO
»» travel and appoint local agents: references;
565 and expenses. Box 770, San Jose.
rooms wanted.
2 ob 3 unf^b^is_e^~housekeeTping
rooms, north of Market, by yonng couple; re-
spectable; state price. Address Young Couple, R.
P., box 11. call Office.
LADY ARTIST WOULD GIVE LEssONS TO
2 or 3ln exchange for a home or board. Ad-
dress C. _, box 9, this office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
a^xJh^w^?t^d^6^entFPa bout~2o
acres, with small house, not over 10 miles
irom San Jose, Give terms, etc. to W. T. A., box
9. Call Office.
PROPERTY WANTED — 500 ACRES OK
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
san Francisco at bedrock price; state full partic-
ulars. T. C. box 97. Call Office. ! '
wanted— miscellaneous. i
S^OOT^^TE^RJtER^OR^F^XTiE^RIER^DOG^
O CLAIR, 39 Sntter st.
ICYCLE WANTED— FINE LIGHT MA-
XJ chine in good order. 616 Geary st.
\V ANTED— TO BUY WINE AT A BARGAIN.
' » 533 Sacramento st.
LD GOLD AND SiLVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 dry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
EDUCATIONAL.
: L^R~ENciI L^^ON^T^PArTsIAI< XciGfiNTi
x $2 month; also singing and piano taught 109
Taylor st, room 7.
KETCHINO FROM NATURE— CLASS NOW
SK ETCHING FROM NATURE— CLASS NOW
forming; lessons in painting andetching; studio
or pupil's residence. J. M. GRIFFIN, 237 Twelfth
avenue.
QPANISH,FRENCH,ETC.:Prof.DK FILIPPE'S I
O Academy of Languages,32O Postst;estab'd 1871
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery St.; Individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; : day and night
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN BA.\-
-■ lv jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNU, WKiTNU. ARTI'HM i C. UKA.UB
day & ni-.-ht : noel asses: $5 month. 845 Mission
l>KOf. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Ueary.nr. Powll'.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,slngiug,French:s3 mo. R. 14. 100 a Polk
rTa m j>s. kolam.er, TEACHERS mas
dolln. guitar, banjo. 93 J Market st.. opp. Mason
. ELAsCO'-> LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTIN'u—
1) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. o. F. block. 7th and Mkt
QCHOOL KLKCTRUAL. CIVIL, MINING MX
0 cbanical engineering, surveying, architecture-
ussay. estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN,
PROFESSOR U. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OP
violin guitar, mandolin, haslo. 1707 Marviet
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ~
FRANK SH A ' V," ATTORN EY^a T-LAAV " ROOM
421. fourth floor. Parrott buOdlSs (Em _rin°y
TOHN K. itICHABDS, La W OFFICES. ROOMS
1 Snrran^sc^clr *»**« -.ephone o^
■J^S££^?^^£™x£
•PHYSICIANS. ~ ~~
Golden Gateave. diseases of women h sperh-Vty"
iTf I ** II! * lM » a tistactorilr by m_l.
' STORAGE.
STOR AG E— C KE A PEsTI3TT^K7 ; rrv^wTo^
..Pr^olbuildlng^ vance^ T mad^ 2 11 Larkin
__^^b2^^^o4p^:
_ PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
S h Eu *T nol> PUMp K" 1 1* seed's! butVeed
for l.h.,to^r,iphing, at Cai. Camera Co., 1.4 Geary?
, TYPEWRITERS.
C X 2 IQJil Q Ji£ FH '
& BANN AN, 333 Montgomery su
PERSON
u^~y^u^^d^rss~^o6^sTt^bXe~lTn~en7
lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linings,
threads, handkerchiefs, veilings, etc., very cheap,
at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth si.
HOROSCOPES FRSE.7 DAYj>; 2 2-CENT \)
stamps. W. MONROE,astrJloger.777 -Market.
UT ANTED— LADY CAPABLE OF SE.MI-PU&
lie speakin . Address B. H., box 69. Call.
LADY (STBASi-KK) DESIRES GKNTLIi-
man partner; $25 capital. R. 2. 122 Post St.
YRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS;
manicuring, hairdressing. 1362 a Market St.
room 8.
NE BILLIARD. ONE COMBINATION, ONE
pool table, one bookmaker's wheel, one Aus-
tralian banking wheel, all as good as new, for sale
cheap. 129 O'farrell st.
A DVIOK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
-T\- ctalty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWKatty-at-law. 850 Markets:.
Vj ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
■ml Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
n i e ?iV" 4 MtAll ister, Rms. 46-46; ladies', misses'.
children a cloaks to order: fit guaranteed ;low prices
SADIE EVANS' COSMETiC PARLOBs;
*-J manicuring: hairdressing. 865% Market, r. 12.
C~ILARA— YOU CAN GO TO -MR. LEDKREII'.S
\J now without having to wait so lons to gee your
lia:r dressed. He has enlarged his parlors and put
vUS2 re P co pl "' ""■ his price is the same, 85c. U.
LEPER ER, ill Stockton st.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING^ JEWELRY
i made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices: fine work. J.N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
<j£ A PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<H?*± WERTHMAN Pants Ca. 22% Geary street.
rrtHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
TRLNKS DKLIVEBKD 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter;.tel. Grant 67.
SCHOOL OF UAOAZINB
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
ciasses: instructors, J. U. E. Partineton, Gertruda
Partington. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Ca, 226 Turk, nr. Leaven worth.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; FINE
edgepntonrazor.26c. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
"VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers' cost. 20 San-some st., upstairs.
L/IUOUI'IJUUK »'i ■i--l-ijsioPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
-vertisements In living light; promoters of btui-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market _
ESpT RIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Mark«:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
weeg ; free bns and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^, JKW«
elry. etc. : loweet rates. 948 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3d. cor. Jesstw.
_________ _ __
DRESSMAKERS.
41 f\ l OEARY ST.— DKESSES MADE FOR $5
T^lUa up; dresses made over; patterns cut to
order. ■
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma St., above Sixth.
TYLISH SUITS. S3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
>■ tit guaranteed. 659% Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
p TAN A, THE GYPS V QUEEN^ S^UReT ST^
VJT truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will eulde you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed : office hours from 9to 9. ■ ■..:.;'.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born with a double veil anl
second sight; ladles sOc, gents $1; palmistry anl
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 lurk st., nr. Jonet
\M ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
i-VI past, present and future: success to all ; for*
tunes by mall: low urices. 856 Mission at.
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766% Howard st.
\| ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
ME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
pON CHITA, CARD READING; PAST, PRE&
\J ent, future. 821 Howard st., room 15.
YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
past, present, future ; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE*
husband, wife: ladies 25c. 50c 914 O'Fnrreli.
SPIRITUALISM.
» VERITABLE Q ueen among women 13
jna dr. a- d. bows '
FEE $1 * UPWARD! FES $1 <fc UpWAROr
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! '
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If ss
read this and learn that life is yet worth llvtnstr
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years pa.it. If
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Sag
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to ass. a:
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succcst
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: ma
separated are united: the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wifa
or lover is untrue consult her at once. He? tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. ana no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. AH letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 <fc UPWARD! FEF. $1 & UPWARD!
AIRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
• San Francisco.
liRIENDSUIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER SfT
MBS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings Sun. Mon.
Thnrs. and Sat.; 7:30; clr. Tue., Fri. 2 p. it. : sittgs.
ES~f CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10a MmTT
1 YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.; all skeptics in-
vited.
GIEO. D. WINSLOW, TRANCE, TEBT ME-
T dlum: Sunday, 2 p. m. 810 Stevenson st
corner Sixth.
SPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
Rev. Mr. Howland: 26c. 1 Fifth st., parlor 1.
MRS. MAYO STEEKS RETURNED: TIME
limited: readings daily: $1. 1015 Market st.
MBS. COLBY~ 122% O,\K ST.: CIRCLES
Saturday evenings; sittings daily.
RS. KATE HOSKINB, TRANCE MEDIUM.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
BISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
X) ces Tuesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTK-
. writer 118 Halght St.: hours 9 until 6 p m .
HYFNOTIS3I. —
H~*YPN?ms*r'ANir'vrTAT^
practically, and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno.ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
j is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested In its therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farreil st. • _*
LOST.
J OST— ON THE NIGHT OF AUGUST 3, AT 7
J the Market-street ferry or on the Oakland boat
or train (narrow gauge), a basket containing books
and papers of the\vest Indian Benevolent Asso-
ciation. Suitable reward will be paid for return of
same to GEORGE CUTHBERT, 532 Market St.,
8. F.. room 26.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of MARY BLANCHETTK;No. 1691152.
'1 he finder will please return to the bank.
q» C FOR RETURN OF GREEN PARROT.
fjpO lon ember 8, to St. Nicholas Hotel.
C CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT FoX $100 ON
\J Crocker- Wool worth National Bank. Rt turn to
F. E. PIERCE, Colma.
S" TOLEN— AT FOOT FOURTH ST.. DOG COL
lar and strap; return and save trouble- Dartv
known. f"^
ORSE AND CART. . ADDBESB H. A., BOX
29, Call; reward.
■y EL LOW TERRIER IRISH BITCH- AN-
X swers to the name of Flossie; license No. 1785-
-reward._Roturn >t. Lawrence stables. Post st, r'i-'i'
1 O T — OrEN-FACE WATCH"" WITH MY""
■*■> papa's picture inside. Reward of «2 paid a*
605 Mission st.
OST— LADY'S BELT KEY-HOLDER WITH
XJ key T 0. at park. Return to 437 Thirteenth
st. and receive reward.
V OST— PASSBOOK, WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ -avinjjs and Loan Society 01 San Francisco in
the name of ROSE CO AN, No. 107425. The
finder will please return to bank. -
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE hibernia
Savings »nd Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of JOHN DEI.KH \Nt Y. No. 122,266.
'1 he finder «vill please return to bank.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
"~X"DV ICE^F^tEE^DTVORCEL A^ W.s'X S PEOt^
Xl. alty; private; - no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, ate
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market.
OAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
Xi building: consultations free; moderate fees..
INGORE & MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
LEGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity: advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18.
DVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
' ■*"• ARAM. AIT'Y-AI-LAW,SBIPARItOTT
• bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
W. KING, ATTORNEY -AT- LAW. CHRON-
. lcie olds; advice free; moderate; open evnzs>v msiNKss ■' CHANCES.
9( \[ \(\ I'AIMNKR WKLL Ks| AF.Li.-Il-
' — . • •' l. i'aying Hvery business: rim- lo-
cality, with cheap rent, and any one wishing to ;
ongaite in a business of this kind It will pay .0 ln-
vestigate, T. LUB_KLSKI. 7 Ciiy Ms: aye.
TOO -RESTAURANT TAKING IN ? TO
*pi\J\.r. $ss per day: rent -10 uer month: the
oest restaurant business ever offered In s.ui Fran- I
Cisco for . the money; reason selling, sickness. T. I
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Ql 7 Hv/ 1 CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM I
%d IW par:or. elegant locality; established
long: rent cheap; If you see this place It will Inter- |
est you, as it is paying well. T. LUBELSKI, 7 1
City Hull aye. . j
Q9()An ELEGANT. \VELL-K.STABLISI£KI> 1
J^ « paying business; a rare chance for '
lor 2 energetic business men; Investigation will
show it to be the linest business ever offered for !
the money. T. LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
000 PARTNER IN* ELEGANT PAY-
•V , x. r ' Jn X office business; a rare chance for
the right man: the fullest investigation ami trial
ii required; Object for taking partner Is too much
other business. T. LIiBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q7OO OS& OF "THE FINEST RESTAU-
q »v'V7. ranta. m city: good location; doing
business of ?*o per day established 26 years: has
always made money: stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner movins Into own prop-
,i y _ and * DV One sauting a business of this kind
will Hud on investigation all that is claimed for It;
this is a rare chance. T. LI'EELSKI, 7 Uty Hall
avenue.
Ql7OO CORNER GBOCERY AND BaIT; |
tJ -' x ' /v/ « choicest location: Western Addition; >■
rent $80; doing large catih trade; must be sacrl-
ticea: owner going to Guatemala; fullest lnve«fi-
gatlon given. X & Wui.F, 531 California. |
<s»f»nO RESTAURANT ON KEARNV ST.;
'",, . V " actual value $1200; rent $50: owner
caned ERst on ac count of sic-uess. Vv ILKE. 531 i
1 alifornia st.
®9noifl PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISH-
« 7; *' <1 Hn(l fiood-paying barroom: on'y
urn-class trade; straliiht bit house: rare chance
lor the right man. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Cal. St.
ttfiOO &ALOO.V DOING LARGE BUSI-
•:, yJ\J\J. ness: one block from waterfront; rent
foO. WILKE A WOLF, 631 California su
Q9on SALOON ON KEARNY ST.: GOOD
ti?£.\J\J. day and large night trade; great bar- I
gain. WILKE, 581 Call orniast.
©Kr, CANDY-STORE AND ICECRKAM
•--'■•«-' parlor; railroad station, Oakland- tir.n-
class raying. WILKE A: WOLF, s:>l California, i
CORNER BARROOM: LARGE i
t|] L>J\J\J pa:ronaße: kept by owner for 20)
years: rent *35. VVJXKK it \VOLt-',531 California.
"it-'SOO , COIISER GKOCERY AND BAR:
» fJ\f\J. living-rooms: rent $80; doln' good
business: choice location. WILKE <fc WOLF 531
California st.
V '>*,M COFFEE-SALOON; MIST SELL;
y — *' ' tine business. MEYERS & GRAHAM.
777 Market st.
QFLOn MANICURh. WIG-MAKING. HAIR- |
*SrU\i\'. dressing parlor: fine stock and business:
best locality. MYKKs <_ GRaHaM. 777 Market.
Q t \(\ BUYS HAKSRY WORTH f 1000: IN
<ii)c»\'V» town of 000 people; line wagon route:
irominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice.: owner
retiring. see MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market.
QOSft SALOON: RECEIPTS $15" DAILY;
♦jTOc»U. fine locality; rent low; sacrifice; must
■eIL MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market St.
"i& lA| I MKATMAKKET, FISH ANDVEGE-
tiP n \J*J. table stand; One of the nicest and best
located stands lv lown: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up; tra.le averages $20 per day; strictly
cash; if you want a nice paying investment; see
th a. GEO. STEWART. 602 |Markel 8U
q .-. a COFFEE-SALOON, bar AITS
*.\?*J<J\J. lunch-house, be location In this City
for that line of business; nicety fitted up: fine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 per day:
cheap at $600. OKO. RTEWA RT, 602 Market st.
1 (\(\ CIGAR-STAND: NORTH MARKET;
<£> 1 \J\J. rent $15; snap. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
a?QAM PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR.
U\J\J, san Francisco: bakes ii.» barrels;
hlgh-cla«s trade: 6 ll vine-rooms; stab errents«O;
trial t:iven. SKIFF. 921 Market st. -
Q1 OC branch BAKERY AND candy-
<, 1 — »J. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Market.
Q IfU \ HUME BAKERY; CLKARSSIOOA
tJ'iUVJ. month: rent $17. SKIFF. 92I Market.
rpO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see GUS STRAND, 45 Thirl St.
QOnA GROCERY AND BAR: OLD ESTAB-
«j *J\J\J. lished: cheap rent: great bargain ii sold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ARK CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FlRST-
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe immediately. Apply to
GUS STRAND, 45 Third sU
ESTAU KA NT -BEST LOCATION BUSI-
XX, ness center: guaranteed paying business; full-
est investigation al owed: trial given if desired:
leaving town: account sickness. PROLL&CO.. I
719 Market st. I
Of f\(\ BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE; PROM I- !
<H)±<J\J. iient. Market-street corner: excellent
business: owner six year": no nightlor Sunday
work. PRO LL A CO., 719 Market au
OTEL TO LEASE FOX A TERM OF YKAKS;
new 6-story and basement brirk. building, con-
taining 88 rooms; also ground-floor and weil-
;ii_-|] >-d Uwmeni: rentrally located, half block N"
of Market st. and 1 Mock from Baldwin Hotel and '
Imporium building; newly furnished throughout; j
furniture for saie on ~ reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to a. SILVERBEKu, 3_J
kansome St.. room 39.
"IfOR SALE— OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X llsbed liquor-saloons In the' city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; lias a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office,
*& 1 Ofl HALF INTEREST IN BUTCHER-
ijpX\J\J. s»iop; good running order: horse and
buggy included; best chance offered. 632 Market
st., room 8. ■
VOR SALE— RESTAURANT. DOING A BUSI-
X Bess of $20 to $25 per day: must be sold on ac-
coontot sickness. Apply at 6 Gulden Gate aye.
IfOR SALE— a BARGAIN; GOOD chance
for the right party: a cyciery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 Berry St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
QQOn OLD ESTABLISHED TOY AND
*<?O\J\J. stationery: prominent thoroughfare;
fresh stock; living-rooms. Toys, box 81, CalL
CARPENTER AND PAINT SHOP; OLD ES-
\J tab.ished; selling on account of sickness; good
opportunity. Apply A. SCHNAPKO, 364 Eleventh.
"QOAfk PHCSNfX RESTAURANT^ 2130
ig)<J\J\J. Fillmore st. i owner has 2 places: part
cash; established 15 years; makeover; trial given.
MALL MANUFACTURING BUSINESS;
cheap; In a market; 170 customers; no night
or Sunday work: doing good business. 110 Ellis.
QOC AVERAGE WEKKLY NET tI.NCOMK
«iPOw $250 Invested; safe, conservative ; prospec-
lus, proots. free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway, N.V.
\ T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. I.OWAN BUYS
-"V stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
Ql 1 000 HALF INTEREST WEL L-
-0 X 1 .UUU. established growing manufactur-
ing business. Address 8.. box 32. Call Office.
Q(\(\ SALOON: 15 BURNISHED OOMS ;
KuO\J\J. a complete home ana a gold. mine. Ad-
dress A. HILI.EBRANi). Vallejo.
Q9fiH CORA ER GROCERY; BAR: NEW !
O— ■""< goods; 4 rooms: Mission. Address
box C. Sixteenth and Mission sts.
QQnA BARGAIN: VINE SALOON; TRANS. j
»IpOUV. fer place; fine stock liquors; cheep
rent. 805 Howard su
"V-EW'SPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY.
— > close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. ■■ ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■: ....
SALOON OPPOSITE REAR ENTRANCE OF
the Emporium: a good bargain. Apply 345
Jessie st. •'■■■:•
"(2j 'JAAi 1 FOR HALF INTEREST IN A MAN-
«ISOUUU ufacturlng business. 328 Bush St.,
room 4. •• •.
OOD, OLD-ESTABLISH KD DOWNTOWN
_ restaurant for sale. 706 Howard st.
PARTNER WANTED— S6OO OR $1200-IN
X good* paying waterworks property. Box 90. Ca11. J
TkfKRCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURKS
J>L bought by J. C. M UTHER. 632 Market, rm. 2. J
TJAINTKR-PARTNE& WANTED WITH |
X $200, in good shop. E. T. C, box 75, Call. 1
fy OOD CASH BUSINESS; APPLY AT ONCE.
XJt T. K. ANDERSON, 1 1 1 8 Broad way. Oakland.
(^ ENTLEMAN. PARTNER WANTED BY
VJT lady of tome means. 1 Fifth su. room 12.
AIRY PBODUCJ-. STORE AND THREE
nice light rooms, for sale. .210 Twelfth st.
AIKY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS: 4 LlV-
ing-rooms; tor sale chenp. 1008 Hyde st. -
/IROCEKY AND BAR: GOOD BUSINESS
VJT . place: no opposition. . Apply Call Office. - . - ■
/COMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S slid WITH
\J tools, cheap. 433 1 ur* St.. ue.ir Larkln. ■
T>ALACE SHOE BTt)BE *■"')!•. SALK; . BAR-
X gain. Address E. & AMKB, Uklah, Cal. '■.■;•.■■.:
7^6odT"6"ld established DOWNTOWN
lj restanrant for sale. Apply Call Office. . .
ATEWLY FITTKjT-UP LIUUOK Si ORE FOR
1\ sole. 732 Devisadero st , cor. Fulton.
T?STABLI§h"ED ■- GROCERY ■■■ BUSINESS:
XJ cheap: 8 days only. 2859 Mission st.
T" ADY DESIRES Ag e NTLKM-ANP ARTS ER ;
J v »35 capital. .223 Fost St., room 1.
1 IQUOR-STOP.E; GOOD BUSINESS; RAKE
SJ chance; cheap. Apply Call Office. .
"l-UTCHEK KHOP, WITH OK WITHOUT FIX-
i) ture.i, rent{slB. 18 d Howard st. -. ,
L! A LOON AND 'I ROOMS TO LET. 829
O Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
t?6r"kalk-first-class saloon, apply
i 1 H. HAAR, 114 O' barren sU . -
I^Ort SALK CHEAP-DELICACY AND" MEAT
__store. 407% TnrKst. >■■ . . '
PINK CIGAIfBTAND 535 .-ALE; VERY
C cheap. 311 Bush -
pOUTE FUR SALK ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
X\i quire at (all Office. " :
Hay, gka~lnT~wood and COAL yard.
Mission -t. ■.'■'■:'
~ TO LKASK.
li'-orf KLM^Vir lea sk-so'-vXra l
X cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: tent $50 per
mouth, Address J. b.j 4-7 ciaijsotue tit., to. X,
LODGIXG-HOISES FOE SALE.
40-ROOM LODGING HOUSE IN——
: faOS ANGELES
; _' 1O EXCHAN E.
FOR ROOMING HOUSh; IN THISCITY •
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER SS=
Apply :o H. C DKCKER. 1020 Market st. .
99 UOOMS; UOKNKK HOUSE: NEW...S 450
-.—9O rooms: guaranteed to clear over $150. .3700
IS-room house on Sixth 5t. ...".; : 400
' Hotel and rooming-house^;, all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C Di-.cK.HR •_ CO.. 1020 Market ?
Ft., opposite FiUh. /
•..•f'-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
« >VJ kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
"I ('-ROOM HOUSE: 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
i U only $450; mast sell. DECKER, 1020 Market.
4 JO NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
—16 rooms: Clear'ng «50 ................. 250
-8 rooms: making money 475
13J rooms; clearing $500 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50...... ."...... 300
UN DER WOOD & CO., 766 Market su
I*?INELY FURNIRnED~HnUSES: 1- TO l&'J
I rooms; 9300 to $10,000. PHELPS<t CO., 917
Larktn st. . . . ,
I ODGING-HOUSB 1 1 ROOMS FOR SALE
-I -< cheap: no postals. 233 Third at. ;
Ql ?\(\ 7-ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
'»»>*'. st . corner of Knth.
FUHXITUUE FOli SALE.
r Ts7RhT^ATlXr^~~^^~^^^~~^~^^^^^^^^^~~^"'
1 Prices bland till goods are completely dis-
posed ot
Oak bed sets , $1" 53
Bed lounges \ » '>
Stoves 7 5J
carpets, per yard" ..... ., > 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
stand. Till such time we are conducting buslneji
at !-E. comer beveutn tuid Mlsslou iM. i.
NOON AN
Jf\t\ CAKPiiTS: CHAMBER SKIS. ?14:
\J\J stoveu, $5: parlor eets, 820: folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT 1. ' .T. NKUM ANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOil
J\ lowest prices on household gno.is new or go jl
i>» new: rat 11 or '.imi*. op'-n n-»nii'<
FUKX ITUKE WANTED.
JT\ FFICE F LKNITUHK— \VlM^PAyTTigh'esT
\J pricei for second-hand office desks ot take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLKR DKSK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
rpOSELLTui .Mil B r ; TO ADVANTAGE TR V
X M. SiLVKRSTi!:IN,969 Howard st. :send postal
BUCKINGHAM FUttMTUKU CO. PAYS
XJ hlgbes' price for furniture, carpets, etc. : send
postal. t>66 Mission st.
11- YUL WANT GOUl* PItICKS FOR FURNC-'
tnre and merchandise see KURD, -Jll Lark 1
IN Dl ANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMON"' .mk-. Co.. 14)57 Market. pay cash
CAItPET CLEANING. .
3C a yartTat" at^v^esteroTcXrpkT
0 C caning Works. 11 Klghth st.
ONES * CU. MAIN OFFIC- 26 AND 27
. Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
C CARPET CLEANING, Sc: LAYING. Be.; KOU
J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum. 19 Bth St.
WHKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"" poor work send to SPAULDINO's Pioneer Car-
ret Heating Works, 363-57 Teh.imn su : tel. So. 4 J
1 ivJ-\KLI.N'SCAUPh.-r i'f'.A'l'lXU WORKS. jJi
V ' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CAKPKTCLKANING.RENOVA-
ting. 38 Bth. STEVKN3, mgr. Tel. South 1153.
/ AARJf K'J S CLEANED AND KKNOVATKU
\J like aew. FERGUSON & CO.. -3 Tenth: t— .
N>Ulh 36. , d. mackintosh 4 CO.. successor!.
~j _. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. Ji J
»' . 14th «t. : cleaning Sic a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
BICYCLES.
H"~K?H^G^A^K^_^HTSiD^VH^KTs^i2T*IDP;
sundries below cos u 216 McAllister.
■\7"KRY FINK '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. KAWLEY, 318 Market su _
FO LER AND~BE.V HUB. 960: BEN HUR
X tandem, Tribune tandem, good as new, (100;
all above ' 96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
AKGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDKM; ALSO
single wheels. 806 Post st.
PARK CYOLKRY— NEW WHEELS TO _EtT
X best accommodations. Terminal Geary, U>
Alllsterand Powell at. car line*.
I'OU SAI,E-aiISCELLANEOUS.
G~ ~ORl>b>r J SETTER "p^p7^"moS?TH3^o£d.
VX 618 Va Filbert st. '
I^INE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
old; 2 heavy workhorses, doub'e harness; ca-
nary birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Bteiner st.
pON VERSE ST., BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH,
\J Bryant and Brannan — I rooms and stable for
wagon and 2 horses. ■'-
ITOR SALE-GREAT DANE PUPS; 1 YKAR
' old: fine pe-lgree. 116^Oakst. ;■-■••'
CEVERAL HIVES OF BEEs FOR SALE AT
O a bargain. 2418 Greenwich st.
BEK-UIVKS FOR SALK. S££ OWNERS
U *41$ Greenwich st. ' — - - '
1r«OR SALE, ACCOUNT DEPARTURE— I NEW
X '96 Ohio lady bicycle, 1 gent's, 1 cabinet Ringer
sewing-machine, almost new: bargains. < 317 Third
si., room 2. '
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV
Ing, etc , bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
COFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRES-,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A.YD RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cat. Rattan Co., 61 First st.,
Dear Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45: others from 920 up. REVALK, 409 Cat.
UOILKRS.KNGLNES.2D-UANDMACHINKKY.
ii waterpipes. Mclntosh <fc Wolpman. 187 Beal*.
pOU N TKKS, bHKL V ING, bUOWUAsK*
'bun bough: & sold. 1121 y^ Markt.bet 7th A.Hta
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. K. Baby Carriage -M fg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
G1 OOD SECOND-HAND BuILER; ALSO LOT
T pulleys, shaftlag, etc W. — . KAN FORD,
41 5 Washington Hi
0 HOKSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
& glne: good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay at.
 UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER,
I doors, mantels, etc tor sale. 1166 Mission.
Nil! SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
fir» and burglar proof gafe. 109, 11l Market v..
vkw ranges cheaper than beconi>
1> -and. W. 8. RA V Mtt Co, 13 California »i
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. VOS Fourth st.
MUSICAL INSTKUMENTS.
©i"'_n' STANDARD UPRIGIIT; C05t1m75;
gHU. on $5 installments. . 221 Leaven worth.
OKTIRING FROM BUSINES-— PIANOS ATA
XV sac rice to promptly close out stock; Knabe,
Haines and Bu&h & Gen*. A. L. BANCROFT &
CO., 324 Post st. __-
AN IMMKNSE STOCK OF NEW ANU SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours 1* the oldest and largest music-bouse west of
Chicago; call or write. ICOULER <& CU ASK, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
ACTUALLY THE BKBT BAt GAINS IN PI-
2\. anos; ?ee our list lor this week; pianos on $3,
»4. «5, »6, $7, $8, 99, $10, 15, *20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and rover with each; delivered
free any whrre in th* city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and Butter sts.,' full of pianos; these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
ML $4. if s, $6. «7. $8, $0, f 10, $12, $15. $20 aud
$25 per month : the best of every grade from lowest
pr.cea to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draprd
cover Included: no chargi- for dray age: pianos
kept In order by best concert timers. SHERMAN,
CLAY it CO., cor. Kearny and Suttnr su.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for the Pad lie Coast.
ON ACCOUNT Of THE INCREASE IN MY
,pono business, my old quarters On Market
su are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 520 Haves su, between
Octavla and . Laguua, where I can now I display
over four times the amount of Instruments than
formerly ; a* I buy Tor ca*h ami In carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
in? a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HaRRY SCOTT.
ALL MUSICALGOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
M AU VAIS'. 769 Market sU -
VI AGN IFICENT IN WAY UPRIGHT AND
■I*l Schubert; little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
G1 OOi> UPI4IGHT HEAP ■ FOR CAM!.
f SCUM 1 1 Z, 16 McAllister, next Hloernla Bank.
■SI ~(\ 81-kLKD WALNUT upright bos-
t]p X O\J. ton make piano. BRUENN's, 228 Post,
T7~kiA. 1 >GE"KT .-40 L.-': AGENT FOR HALLfST
.A Davis and 1- ranch Bacon pianos, 408 Sac' to
C" H K r KKI.J NG, KN a UK, BTJSCK. VOSK, »TKK-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano Tor f 187: pianos
iorrenL iJENJ. I.'L'RTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarrelL
I V i.ON ilAI>/,Y., -SOB POST ST.-SOUMKi*.
X* >ewb7 »te Kvuni. l.rlcrrs wnd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKHh. OLO&NEW
>~ H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 1 _tliam Dlaca.
OFFICES TO _ET. s
( '1 A LlFx7K^ri^rA^TD~l7El D^ESdTjuTFTITa
\J L. and G. buildln-,'— Sunny ollices: light, water,
heat aixl janitor services free: electric elevator-
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
LINK OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.: SUIT A-
-1 ble for «ny business.
I'lihr'hhLS . BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
Elegant smip.v oilici'i. $12 50 up; «lectric-ltght-
tenting and Janitor service free. Apply nt bulldluz
orG. H. L ili:si:N &-CO.. 14 Montgomery si. •;■.->
STABLES TO -LET. ."
TA«Le"of" lo" STALLS TO LET: - LARGE
O yard. 2cl AsU aye.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
HOUSES TOILET. I
TpftTrT'rAYXoß-Hul SE 10 BOOliSi BATHI
1 U-.U tine view; rent $40. Apply 929 Broadway.
SCOTT, 111)6— "HOUSE SIX ROOMS AN D
0 batb: nun all day: rent reduced. . ' ; *
ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDKY AND 1 NFIN-
Ished basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on quiet, delightful street; opposite private park;
(32 60. D KM P - TE R, 36 Glen Park aye., off lath.
HOUSK 5 ROOMS; FINE VIr.W AND
healthy; rent $8. 1557 . Kearny St., near
Greenwich. ''■ - "- ; " • : ■■- ■- ■■.-"• ■- -
1 QAQ SUITER — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
_LOUt 7 rms.; bath: fine garden: rent reasonable.
/•07 FELL, NEAR WEBSTER-HOUSE OF
U— ■ I 4 rooms and stub c: cheap. « -
sii99'F\ft 10 ROOMS IN EXCELLENT OR-
— — .»)U. der; bath, hot and cold water; sta-
tic nary xvashtnba. Upper part 02 Tehamast., near
Second. ' ' ■ _^ ■
f7l\Q LAUREL AVK., NEAR BUCHANAN:
I I/O 6-room house, $12; water, $1. ' '• .
nr, ,Q WASHINGTON ST.— 7 KOOMS; HATH;
£O\>O Hrst-cla«s location, $42 50 with water.
<Si-)l\ 2814 LA GUN A ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
Q-.U. $14—1831 Union st. ; house 4 rooms.
VTICKLY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
li Addition; 9 rooms. Apply ."i24 Sansome St. ~~
HEAP KLKOANT RKSIDKNCK: SW. COR.
California and Laguna sis. Oo see it. •' ■
HOUSKS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S. 10
Mnnlromerv "t. '.'•'■/ - •
FURNISHED HOUSES.
Q f\ "''DEARBORN. SEVENTEENTH "aND
O\J Valencia— Furnished house; 6 rooms ana
bath: piano: rent $20.
COTTAGES TO LET.
rj 0 N n^ottageKVXnd^ VboomsTb ath[
O basement, stable. Alkeu aye., off 15th m., nr.
Dolores. . i
909.1 .MISSION-BPLKNDID COTTAGE 8
_.O_/Tr rooms and bath; yard: flower garden: $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Slitter. Frnnlf'ln and other streets: get
list; good tfiiunts wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market St. .
flats to I let.
I^"y^u^want~a^ice '"sunny flat, or
-I cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
9 FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD
— and stable. Apply 'i Hay ward St., near Eighth.
SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS. YARD, BASE-
-0 ment: rent $15. : 21 Twelfth st. .
mn r.i LOWER FLAI. 3 HOoMS: LARGE
«3»0.0U. yard; ceUar. 1008 Natoma St., near
eleventh, rear. '
C 9 NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, BKT.
D— Eleventh and Twelfth— Sunny upper flat, 4
rooms; gas: Oath.
TjTTTTi 14-5 SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE—
<Jf)_,U. Flat, 5 sunny rooms and bath.
l'.\-,\i MODERN 6-UOOM CORNER FLAT:
enclosed porch; marine view. 1106 Green.
■L"<LAT, 4OR 5 ROOMS, BATH: I HEAP. 1613
X? Taylor St., bet. Pacific and Broadway. ;
rKK.NL'Ii FLAT, 4 ROOMS; B*.TH; WASH-
X house and stationary tubs. 3941 Guerrero st.
Flat, 3 rooms: BATH -NEWLY PAPERED";
-F Mission warm belt. 3513 21st., nr. Valencia.
1/RKNCii FLAT, 7 ROOMS; BATH AND STA-
V tionary washtubs; newly tinted; suitable for
doctor. Cor. Twenty-third and Guerrero. .*: 1j ■
I French flat, 4 rooms; bath and sta-
. tionary waslitubs. Twenty -third and Guerrero-
-79p mcallTster— upper FLAT;
I— U 7 roim)s. laundry and bath: rent reduced.
I ' 1 -i-, .1; _>i..Vi\ 4 KowMs, BATH, "LAUNDRY
l^ tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric bells, etc.,
overlorking private park, $20: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laun-rv, large yard tor flowers, -$25; all in
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye. , ■-■
•I SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
"i floor: clean; delightful private street, $15.
D h MISTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth.
TVTICK SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
-1A rent cheap. 25a Lloyd su, bet. Scott ana De- '
vi sad Thirteenth ana Waller.
7 'ii SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS. 720
I . «)U. Willow aye, off Buchanan St., bat.
Ellis and Eddy.
('UNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
C cheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison st.
(V. 7 UPPKR FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
«ID I - 1111 Elm :iv.'.. bet. Soctt and Pierce sis.
... i •■ >i-Vh. TU, NR. HOWARD— UPPER
_. 1 O flat, 4 rooms and bath. ,
a NICE SUNNY ROOMS. 530 GREENWICH
St., near Stockton. . '
<_ Q 4 LARGE SUNNY rooms; YARD. 1421
«^O. Taylor si., near Pacific; rear.
I 1 •: 1 GUERRERO. COR. TWENTY- FOURTH
1 I L—4 sunny flats: 4to 7 rooms; $12 to $20.
59flA • ft; UK. RKAH —81 NNY, tl'l'i.ll
— U flat; ail lljcht looms; rent f 12.
I OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE.
XJ off Pine st., near Mason: no car far*: $12.
SUN N V FLAT ; 4 ROOMS; $9. 819 DORE ST.,
near Bryant. ■ - ; : v
\\[ ANTED— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»» from 10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK «_
CO., 602 Market st. ....
SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH: KKASON-
abIe. 8 Dearborn St., oil Seventeenth, above Va-
lencia.
•_> AQ THIRTEENTH ST. — NICE FLATS; 5
o^.o rooms and bath. $17; 4 rooms and bath,
$15. ': ■ -
I/LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _. HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. -
1 Q9QI SACRAMENTO— FCAT & ROOMS;
10--O/{ gas; bath; rent, $16. ■ I
1-<LAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH: NEWLY' TINTED
and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVKIjY, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
J 5 rooms and bath;4arge yard: only $15: water
free. 4078 Twenty -third St., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till further notice.
PEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
JT 5 and 6 rooms: $22 and $80. IVGrove St.
0 SUNNY- FLATS; 4 AND 3 BOOMS EACH;
»' $11. $10 an.l $9.' -'"41 Harris n. otm. ISth.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. .
Broadway.. • ~»~-
Af)Q BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
rt l '*J housekeeping rooms; also single.
Dore Street.
99P; DORE— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
_j_jU ing: rent $11.
-.ddy Street. "
QQI 1 EDDY -4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS-
OOJ.2 bath; housekeeping: snnny.
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
OX*J nlsbed rooms: fine location; private fam-
lly; gas range; reference. ■
(1 I 7 EDDY - HOUSEKEEPING ROOM S~
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location: private
family. . ■
Ellis Street.
7OR ELLIS— SUNNY FLAT OF 3 OR 5 ROOMS
I yJU with bath; furnished or unfurnished- suit-
able for housekeeping.
1 nth .Street.
Ql A FIFTH-LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-'
«JJ.*X room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private: 11.
i oltsoin Street.
FOLSOM-LARGE ' SUNNY FURNISH-
OjUO ed room; light housekeeping; $ I 7ft week.
7QX FOLSOM-2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
I OO nished for housekeeping; $8.
Hickory Avenue.
m HICKORY AYE., BET FELL AND OAK
near Couch— 3 uniurnisbed rooms 97* ]
furnished room $5. - .
B&SRfe't<3esßie .Street.
OC X JESSIE, Nit FIFTH-THREE ROOMS
OUO complete for housekeeping.
Lewis Street.
1 Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST-3 OR 4
J O unfurnished sunny rooms; $11. - r, i..
31 Hum >|,:-f<j.. "
9Q-1 MINNA, COR. FOURT^— HOUJBEKEKP-
£<■ X Ing, very cheap; front double and single.
... Ail** <••> ■ .c«... ' ...-;.
00 1 MISSION-SUNNY 7 FURNISHKD AND
O_<X unfurnished homekeetUng rooms: $5 up.
t)4.7 MISSION —HOUHEKKKPING ROOMB
Urkt complete: also other rooms.- ' .
QC O MISSION-2 FRONT ROOMS, >UR~-
• 'y«J nuhed for housekeeping; private family;
812.
10^ mission-cheapest; cleanest
X\JUU houoekßtrplng and otner rooms; f d up.
Oak Street. ~. i ■
flgjr UNFURNISHED ROOMS, FIRST FLOOR"
tS>O. prlvate.day home for Children. 48 Oak '
U'l ai-j-ell >;m«}.. " ' *
AO-l O'FARRELL— 2 OR 8 NICELY FUR-
rtOl nished sunny room-* for housekeeping.
I'olk Street. ~
lzin& IPOLK — NKWLY FURNISHED
XIUO2 sunny front suite; light housekeeping •
neat couple. . . ■ .-.'
ei-th Street.
i-RONT SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS'
I complete; reasonable. 244 sixth st. - '
OI A SIXTH-LARGE FRONT HACK PAR-
Oxrt lors complete housekeeping; single room»
cheap. • ....'
•Stockton Place.
m STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms for bousekeepinc; tfS and $10 month.
Stevenson Street.
p^^. 1 . ■ • •• . ... ■-
A(\O KTr.VKSROX, COR. FIFTH — HOUSE-
UvO kerplcgioomstolet.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued. I
'x ay lor Mree;. -
•Jin TAYLOR— 3 SUNNY, NICELY FUR-
J 1U nished housekeeping rooms, $12; also sunny
rooms. . .
3 uri- • ret);.
DO TURK-2 OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSE.
«JO keeping rooms. -
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQ£7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR- MISSION—
OOU I Furnished sunny housekeeping suites;
yard ; gBand>lo.
Mil X>«fSH AV<!liilfl.
000 VAN NESS AYE.-NEWLY FCR-
*-O_j nished, sunny suites, from 2 to 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping. ' ■ - ;
71 n van ness — sunny front SUITE
I X\J complete for housekeeping; $18. ' -
Washington Street.
CflO WA S H I N O TON — SUNNY UNFUR-
uVAi nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Welsh Street.
11 a ELSH, off FOURTH— 2 OR 3 nice
X X ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap
Miscellaneous.
091 GEARY. ROOM 87— ROOM AND HOUSE
— ~'i renting agency: no fee for registering.
ItOO^ISTOIMET. y
• x Bryant Street.
1 1 A"] BRYANT— FLAT OF 8 FURNISHED
IIU L rooms, complete for housekpg; cheap.
; "'*...-. > «mv Streec.
119 EDDY— NEAT SUNNY SINGLE AND
110 double room for gentlemen; $6 to $10. .
. i-ifciirh sued.,
QHEBMA^ ArAK'l-Mt.VT HOTTMS, r« RTH
C? St.. near Market: lurnistmJ and unfurnished.
±. . ,1S V t ««J«..
T'nE RAMOSA. 130 KLLIB-. MRS. KATK •*.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: rentr»lly lo-
n.ted; newly turnlshed; elevator: hot 4 cola water.'
99 I ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
»J_. I lodging we recommend the jtosedale House.
79fk ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I «-V-' single or double. .
. I'll Hi streec.
1 fiQ FIFTH — RINGLK AND DOUBLE
J ' 'V rooms, $1 60 to $3 per week.
luurtll llt'et.
9991 FOURTH-SUNNY CORNER ROOMS-
£-£>£. '4 nicely furnished; price m< derate.
994 FOURTH-SUNNY FRONT PLEASANT
--—<'A rooms: g»s; bath; from $6 to $10 rronth.
99= FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FROM
— iiiO $1 a week up. . .
1 tHry St 1 ees.
91 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR;
£dX I cottage; bey premises. .:
79"! GEARY— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
• — .X nicely furnished; terms reasonable. ~
tioiucii iiam Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE -PLEASANT
<CiXt7 sunny single and double rooms, $5 up.
j»L.uuril Xicbo.. •
7 (\A HOWARD. COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
I v/tc nished front rooms and housekeeping rooms,'
090 HOWARD — DOUBLE SUNNY PAR-
O— /_; lors. furnished light housekeeping; suitable
for doctor or dentist: others. •- •
Hyde street.
QQ9 HYDE, NEAR ELLIS— GERMAN LADY
00 —j has sunny single front room; reasonable.
; " y -\"^" •loiii'D Mre«t.
907 .'O?T_B— THK van : WINKLE: NKW
Z,\J I manocement: HecanS tunny suites and
tingle: newly lurnlshed: bath, etc.: 810 to SHI).
A 1 = JONES— NICELY FURNISHED ~UNNY
trXU rooms; in suites or single; terms moderate.
i- curiiT streo:.
9Q KEARNY-NIC-LY FURNISHED ROOMS:
—«> terms reasonable: quiet house. •
QA KKARN V— WELL-FURNISHED FRONT
O\J sunny suite: single rooms; electric lights.
i ULIJSOro.N HOUSE, m KEARNY —
x\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: tirst
class in every respect) terms reasonable.
Oikl'kor - trail..
VOBEMITR lIOUSK, 1043 MARKET— PER
1 nishu 350 to »1 : week. $1 50 to C 5: families.
Mason Street.
q9f» MASON, NEAR GEARY— ELEGANT
u«U sunny suites: bath; >20 to 926.
AlcAtlisinr Street. .
99H A MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
_. — U tunny iarnish*d rooms, »8 and f 10; pri-
vate. : • .
>ktoma Street. -•
9-*r NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS; $1,
J.IO $1 25, $1 50 per week. "___
1 oiic (street.
991 POLK— 2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
——I or lor m gentlemen or man and wife; all
conveniences. •
Post Street.
71 q POST-BUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
Ii O en suite or single; private bath; $6 to f 20.
Powell Street.
919-2!4 POWELL (WILLISFORD)-EN.
— < I£l urely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
POWKLI, < UK. WEARY— SUNNY ROOM
— _«J newly for., $8: also large sunny cor. room.
■ Prospect Place. *
91 C PROSPECT PLACE. BET. ' POWELL
610 and Stockton, Pine and California sts.—
Nice, sunny. furnished rooms to let. <
.. entn /.Street.
I A 9 SEVENTH-PLEASANT " ROOMS FOR
H- housekeeping: also single rooms. . .
South Park.
9 SOUTH PARK-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
•' room: also other rooms; private; quiet.
Stockton Street.
EUROPEAN (TH X), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
J J nished suites, 94 to 910;;sincle rooms, $1 50 to
S3 week; BOc to $2 night: hot and co.d running
water in every room; baths; e.evator: transient.
XTEW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
—i Front suites; single rooms; housekping:chsap.
: L MIW >tree:.
QAQ BUTTPTR— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO >1 26 to $10 wit; night 260 to f 1 60: transl.
r f\O SUTTEK, COR. taY'lor-eleqantly
1"O newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
lay lor- Street.
1 AQ TAYLOK— DOUBLE BOOMS, $2
X\JV and 82 60 per week; single $1 50.
rif> TAYLOR— NEWLY FUR.MSHED SUN-
OX\J ny single ami double rooms: private family.
U-\ 9 TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
V) J _. also suite: rent reasonab c.
'lenth Street. (
m TENTH, NR. MISSION— LARGE SUN-
ny front room: housekeeping permitted.
Liill'U Ml'«s, ! ' .
Ql 7 THIRD-LARGE SUNNY CLEAN RMS.;
Oi 1 double or single; day, week or month.
HOARDING AND ROOMS..
7 •Tt^ELLIS^nTcE L V fu a nish'e'd" sunny
I O I rooms, suite or single: board optlona .
I C 9 A California — Pi Easant NKWLY
I t)_,U furnished parlors and Other rooms; board
optional. ■ ; " '■-■..
Ql Q GOLDEN GATE AYK — SUNNY FRONT
Ox< ' ana single room: board; reierencea.
;a/| J-.DDV- NICELY FL"RNI>HED LARGE
O\J\J room, with or without bo-.rd. -
At.) a EDDY— FINeT sUNNY. NKWLY FUR-
I -— 'i mailed rooms: bouse first class In every re-
spect; table unsurpassei ; terms rea*on«til<». ■: ;
HUTi-.'l. BKHTi_Avi. .i* ..1. A f.ui^ 
hotel: reterencM* veu aua required; *il uioa-
m f-nnvcnlfii'i" " -.1 :■
" CHILDREN HOAKDED.
INK COUNTRY HOME FOR A~ CHILD: $7
1 per month. Address a. B. box 99, Cull office
Oakland. ■
Ur ANTKD— I OK a BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
teams: reasonable; good home; no other
children. Call at 119 Ml Largton st- . ■
I DOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
1,1 to 5 years) 10 board. 809 Baker st. -
IV ANTED— I GUILD TO TAKE CARE OF-
" mother's care. 700 Eddy st.
4f»9X TWENTY-Flt-TH ST. - PLEASANT
lviii) home for child: mom tor parents.
STORES TO LET.
STt'RE; UUKRUEHO AND TWENTY-THIRD
sts.: concrete cellar; built for druggist: best in
Mission for drugstore.
STORK: VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
sts.: choice location; adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store. . ■ ' '• ■' .'
TORE— FINE CORNER: » LARGE ROoMS
and basement. Duncan and Guerrero at*.
S TORK TO LET, ALSO 1 AhOK BASEMENT,
Oat 867 Market st Inquire within.
STORK TO LET— 26I TH IRD SI APPLY 214
O Third". .-. _;.• ■■ : •--
STORK, WITH 8 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN
Gate . aye. and Webster St.; choice location for
drugsioreu ''■ ; . .• ■* • - ,- •
WEEKS NEWS FOR S ■ CENTS - THJ»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, (Or mailing,
CITTT i?!:ai. ESTATE;
sft •■'SO COST f I6OH; BENTS s:> XItONTH;
«JP tJ\J. l-story house: 3 rooms; lot 12Rx70
feet: cor. Gates and * nrf HhUcorjr sts.. Gilt Map 2.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 California si. -"
JoOU. Post, near Van Ness; resi-
dence contains 10 rooms and bath: excellent loca-
tion for physician: lot 27:dxl_»O to rear street.
Particulars of G. ii. UMBsKN & CO., 14Mout-
gomtryst. . .--- - • - .. .
rro close partnership-for sale, a
x business block; centmlly located: Handsome
Income; will take $35,000 In country property,
$10,000 cash, mortgage for balance; price $85,000.
ALSIP co., Mil banding." , . ■"•■.'■
EA I) THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
XXi the san LVandro roud and main street . to
Fitchburg station; size 100x100; cheap at $20
per front loot.
RESIDENCE CORK 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
J I from the San Leandro road; reels graded
and graveled; price $500. ">?*".•
J)USIXK-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG STA-
Xi lion; frontage to suit at $15 per iront foot.
ONE KNTIRE BLOCK, 200x800: WILL SUB-
divlde Into 43 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers. •
BK3T GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEdC
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start v uursery and grow cut flowers for
the market.
/"VTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
1 HaD. a FITCH. Fltchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
CC. BEMIS. " ~~ —~ ~~ ~~
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY dT.
FOR SALE.
*2600— p;. side of stanyaa st, bet. Cart and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson sL, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. "venooK
- $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :M leet; electric road passes houses:
make offer. \
|tjsoO— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl
SsOct— choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C St.: 109x95 ft.
INULEMIDK— MAUNIFICKNT RESIDE NCET
near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
provements: lot (52:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia Bt.
G* CASH, BALANCE SAME AS ItKST,
1P" U « for a new house on east side of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; larae lot 25x125;
all modern improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
?150 to $-J75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to CHll and nee Plans. 1149 Mission.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
T~O "rent — sather ranch, contra
Costa County, on san Pablo Creek. 8 miles
from Berkeley: 1160 acres of land, well watered
and wodduu: about 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. It. E. BOW-
LAND, OrindaPark.
<Si I fWkO 16 ° ACRES NEAR ST. HELENA,
tip IV W. Napa County; running stream of
water; partly cultivated: wine and fencing: fine
road; over 1000 coras of wooa; worth $2000: will
sell for $1000, either cash or easy Installments
Apply L. OESTERREICHER, 63J Market St.,
opp. the Palace. -
ipOR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2S ACRES,
X elegant orchard and home, In best part of Niles
and Centerville fruit district; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Earl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment;
no fair offer refused; buildings and equipment ex-
celtent. Kstate, box 35, Newark.
"TiAKMS-WE HAVE SEVERAL FARMS
J. with buildings and improvements taken on
mortgage: will fell from $. to »10 per acre: easy
terms; contiact expiring; you had better buy be-
fore election. ■- Address WARNER & Co.. 465
Ninth st., Oakland, Cal. '. '
POR SALE-28!) ACRES GOOD UNIMPROVED
J land in Tuolumne County: also 160 acres In
Mariposa County: wood and water- cheap for
fash. Address ■* box 4K, Call Office.
1 000 Allili;s OF FIKST-CLASS FARMING
1 \J\J\J land to rent: is only 17 miles from San
Francisco and within 1 mile of railroad station:
rent $2 per acre as a whole or #2 60 In 200-acre
lots. Address H. i l . JCMKIUC, 805 Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
rpH_ FIN EaT HOG RANCH IN &TATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the rlem
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner Is not able to
give It the a tention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of ho?* the year round.
For particulars address X. V.. box 01), Call ( mice.
ANY ON WAN! INu A KANUII FOX
-t»- ErHzins purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required.
balance In 6 or 7 years apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-r\- est In the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres Up-
ward, W6 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
I ITTLK HOMES, CLOSE TO TOW.N. IM-
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H.-TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F. .
IT ALF SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
1-1 County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San iraiionsco. Address A, box 87
C II OlBre. - ■ ■ ..
PROPERTY to exchange.
Goal, wood, ITa y, grain~escchanoed
for small improved ranch. Address J. WIL-
-BQ>, 339 Hayes st.
TO EXCHANGE, FOR COUNTRY PROPEK-
x iy— l2-room modern house: lot 64x235. E. D.
JUDD. 1424 Park St., Alameda. : -
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUM £3
tor tali WousTKR & Wit ITTUN. t<nn Jon..
I i )< i\ -ACHES H-.hhK LAND. KERN CO.:
I^' "un!..r:lln»'. l 'f 1 :' f-r-wn-r. N..hx.16.c'»1l
'::';■'■ MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes then, sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Htbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $i;
Lours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. it. and 7 to 9 p. k.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES re.
stored In a few noun ; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In cunilnenieut: regular graduate phy-
sician; SO years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY nsed; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you witf Rave time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. Pit. WYKi H, 916 Post st., ne»r Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. TnsTRC-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female tioubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all case* guaranteed;
If you wan: to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny si.
B. GOODWIN makes a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and. restores all cases of
irregularities in one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator 92. 904 McAllister st. ;
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON •TO
A lodfes troubled with Irregularities: nodanger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express cO. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD OS.. Oakland, Col.
RS. DR. WKOKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
lore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
Into pcod homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddv su
ORB CCtth FOR ALL FiiMALK DISEASES
from whatever cause: a homo in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed,' by'
MRS. DX. GVV YEIt, 226 lurk St.
MRS. J. A. ACH >RD,*MIDWIKE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mis-
sion st. ■ ■■'■-•■ ■ r ■■. ■••■"■ "
M" "US. M. E. RODOERS, PRIVATK HOME IN
IVI confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
TAR. * DORA • GRAY-ALL FEMALE •■ COM*!
XJ plaints restored: cure guaranteed. : 327 Eddy.
IV IKRKGULAR oTtT\ Y~l->T.M ALK i)I-KA^E
.if«.MK-*.I)K, PUETZ and be content.' '<it>4yfr 4th.
IjR. HALL, 14 McALLISrEKSTREKT. NKAR
XJ • Jones. Diseases of women ana child re n.
PRIVATE HOMtTIN COSM.MCiiK.M 1 . Allti
DR FUXCKK. 1416 Klghth »t.. .\:»m-ln. -■-■:■
"31. HOKSKS. ~ "~~
rpUK EMPORfujF^SALES^YARDS, 220^vX
A lenclu st., is the place to go It you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugrsies, wagons orha'r-
iuss: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
EM HE, DRIVING. AMI WOHIv HOKSKS;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs.. 862 Howard st. \r-
El BOLD HAKNKS.S COMP.vN V ; 50tl .>!-. r-)
of good harness, our I Mm n«a:<e, of evi-rv de-
scription, lor less money than yon can buy Ea-.tern
trash; send for catalogue. . 11 ) McAllister si.. 3 K.
1 * -" ! * NEW A.ND.SKCONI> HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, ouguics, enrreyi,'
rockaways, carls: must be sold. 1128 Miss 0,1 t; ,
I Al'.OK YOUNG DnAFTUORsK.S: HaLTBR
\-> broken: cheap: Hyde ranch. 6^o Commercial.'
X f \l\ "-' l ' • Nf-W A * L> Si.CO.VU-U A.N U 11AR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: btigcy.wason, rort3, surrey
* rockuvvnv; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ UOUBK.I i ->.. hAl!f.; A L.-O WAUOXi
Tl \J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Hlx:h su ; auction rales every WeUutu<
guv. SULLIVAN A- H«iVLK. Auctioneer* -
WAGONS AM* I Ailltl.WiliS.
OMK NEW BUSINESS BUGOYTMUa^BE
gold. -1202 Webster St. .--■-■-,«;■. -
p OOD horse, JIARNKSS AND WAGON
vT. cheap. 1 4218 T«enty-sixth St.; near Castro. ■•:.-'
TO TRADE— A- LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
x business wagon. .813 Stockton.. '. ■;■-.-:
L~OB~SALi-... AT :KASTKIiN PRICKS, FINE
F catrluxo-t of every description: cash, notes or
iastulliueut*. • CsrvUl Alf; Co., ao-16 Sib St., H. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. !
<S97Kn 2-9 TORY HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS:
*iP— J I w, new and modern: well located: no
cash and $30 monthly. AL.DKN „ KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broad .
GOOD COUNTRY PROPERTY WANTED IN
VT exchange for several good residences In city.
ALDEN KRONEN UK RO, 902 Broadway.
Ql.QfWl SIX ROOM HOUSE AT »17 PER
• l'i\J\f. month: -no cash required: well
located. ALDEN & KRONENB_r".G. 002 Broad-
way. " ' ■ . • • . . .
<31il f;nn EASY TrKMS; A BARGAIN;
KDXtJXJVJ. chicken ranch: 4-room house; well
goo! water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. p. TODD.
IUO2 Broadway, Oakland.
rpo EXCHANGK FORRANCHES; 30 HOUSES
X and lots now rented In Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda. J. H. ED^ON, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
POOD CASH BUSINESS; APPLY AT ONCK.
AT T. K. ANDERSON, 111H Broadway, Oakland.
1/ OK SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-tifth st.: loll4ox
850 feet: house of 10 rooms: grounds In lawn, or-
mental and frnit trees. Address CHARLES C
Bt.ails, 3-4 Montgomery st.
rTMIK BEST BARGAIN IS FRUITVALE;
X house of 5 rooms, large barn and chicken-
house; lot 135x180; corner; fine soil; large fruit
trees: only SI 200; terms to suit. LODGE &
POWELL, Frultvale Station. ;
MY SPECIALTY IS " ; . - - ~~
HOUSE-RENTING IN
_ OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Vpper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 800 MORE.
WM. M. Hcusp-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland..
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SAI.!-:.
\UEAR DIAMONDS BY PATRONIZING H
" SCil [■ I. LI r A as. furniture-dealer. 11th. OftKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
fi; k > .AA mx?sT3^Toll^^ioljse^o¥^io
<jp£i')\J\J. rooms and bath ; lot 60x150; cheap-
est buy In Alameda. 617 Railroad aye., within 2
blocks of broad and narrow gauge depots. See this.
C! OQPvfl NKW COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS: ALL
—OO\J. Improvements: $50 cash; 825 per
month. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
(ajOj^rj $50 CASH, 25 MONTHLY; NEW
♦UP— • IO\J. cottage of 5 rooms: larce lot, 50x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750 — Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bi'th. now building: your terms are outs.
— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden; close to Chestnut-it, station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms. / ■ .
Special bargains In lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up. -
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUBE
& REMMEL, Bay-st. station (brood gauge), Ala-
meda. .
San Francisco office, 82$ Market st.
0 ACRES OF LAND IN ALAMEDA FOR
• > sale at a bargain: must be sold; land high and
dry; can be cut up into lots; please call ana in-
spect. T. F. BAIRO, 1308 Park st., Alameda.
T^OR RENT-LAROK, NICELY FURNISHED
J. 6-room cottage, $30; large 9-room house, finely
furnished. Central aye., $56; large line nnfuru-
lslied dwellings. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THJI
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
| ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LET.
LM»R RENT IN ALAMKDA— a;7-ROOM COT-
-1 tßce; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and handy to 2 stations: 8 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. 8AXI:, Lick
Honse Laundry, .S. F. ._
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
G~ OOD HOMES FOR RKNT OR FOR SALK
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <t CO.. real estate,
tmlldlt;? and loans. *JlL'< C»»tit»r «r.. 'Herlt»l«»g.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
If OR RENT _ $30, ": INCLUDING WATER:
'house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden- and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about la acres; street
macadamized; live minutes' walk to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further Information
cali or address A. J. SNYDERdt Co., 467 Ninth
St., real estate brokers. Oakland. '
IPOR RENT, NEWLY FURNISHKD COT-
tags 6 rooms,, lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way. Knst Berkeley. ■■'■■:■
3IONKY TO LOAN.
fijl (\t\ AAA A^T, LOWEST '", '"RATES;".' CITY
<j)X\J\J.\)\J\J and Oakland; life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEKACq. 218-220 Mont icy
DVAXCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. .. BALDWIN JEW ELK X*
bTORE. 948 Market st. : open evenings " .'
\\T ANTED— $1000 ON 8 PER CENT IN-
'» terest per annum; security, chattel mortgage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M... box 48, Ca11.
ONEY LYING lULE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
•>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
oney loaned ON . JUW— Litl' ami
other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
31t(iilarltetKt..nr. Mason: private entrant* 7 Turic
1 JIRKCT ON YOUR FUKNITURK OK PIANu:
XJ do removal; no delays; no commissions: lon
ir rrrti. m . tiK. Df>nohua kids. 1170 Market sc
A»> i A_.oi,.» 1 ; i»l', zu or BD MORTOAUK4:
estates, undivided interests, real rstal* in tiat-
bate. . iI«:OL(iAN. 24 Montgomerr. room 3.
(Ji» = A UP; NO DELAY; IST AND 2D MORT-
vDOyJ gages: Int. in estates. MURPHY.62B iirkt
iDV A N CES"onT> -M O N X KTO
-rV Colombia Loan & Collateral OttlCf. 9 Grant iw-».
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATJIi
McKWEN BHOa.. 118 Montgomery st.
MONEY LOANEDON PIANOS: LOW RAIES.
11 Stockton St. Tel. No. Black 1201.
PAWNBROKERS.
BWISB AND SAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and se-
curity office, r 7. Hood blclg. : entrance BW* Mkt.
AT ISiti . KKARXV t>T.. i;OOll 9— .MO.NEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc: low rates;
private room-;: elevator: nlrdgpn for gftie cheap.
financial;
©I (\CI (\CiCi To WAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
*ipX\J\J.\l\J\J Apply rm 222, Cal.^qfengp.Bldg.
LEGAL NOTICES.
N^^~OTlCE^Tl^vSlAOA^^^lO}ro^nVßS-
(lay, October 8, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., I en.
I). Owens, successor to the Sterling Furniture Co.,
will cause to be sold at I his %varooomn, 10H9 .Mar-
ket St., San Francisco, all of those certain parcels
of goods named below, upon which the charges for
storage anil advances are delinquent, unless the
same are paid before the above date. The owners
of said goods are hereby notified of the amounts
due from each and demand is hereby made for
payment as follows, to wit:' -
No. 250— Curtis, Mrs. S." T., sewing ma-
chine, et0........ .. $19 60
No. 167— Hill, Mrs. H.W., case h.h. goods. 19 25
No. 190— Newman, Mrs. C. M., boxes h. h.
goods 15 50
So. 107— Golden, Mrs. E. F. furniture, etc. 88 90
No. 142— Letnlnger, Mrs. X., case, etc..... 17 50
No 236— Moore. J. 8», furniture, etc.....;. 19 25
No. 119— Matthews, Mrs. A. P., furniture,
. etc... 83 50
No. 251— Meier, Gus, 2 Cases ............. 40 00
No. 106— Connor, Mrs. P., furniture, etc.. 137 00
No. 189— No e, i, Mrs. W,, furniture, etc... 61 50
No. 252— O'Connor, Mrs. T., furniture, etc. 38 90
No. Sutcliffe, W., stove, pictures.:... 60 75
No. Thompson, G. M .chest nnd trunk. 51 05
No. 158— Hope Estate, furniture.... 194 00
LEX D. OWENS,
Successor to Sterling Furniture Co.
September 12, 1596, San Kranclsco. CaL:; '..
"pL'Rsl.'A-Vr TO A DIRECTION OF THE
X chaucery of Lancashire, Liverpool District in
England, made in the mattrr of the estate of
MARY SCAHJ-LL deceased, in an action, FITZ-
MMON> against DARBY (1895, F. ;vo. 18), on
the 13th day of August, 1896, the person claiming
to be KLIZABETit SLOANK, daughter of TErt-
ENCE or TORLA V SLOANE, la;e of Iniliframe,
Kilkeel, in the County of Down, Irelan i, or the
persons claiming 10 be the children of the said
ELIZABETH SLOANE, who were living on the
2!ith day of December, 1894, or the persons claim-
ing to M the legal personal representatives of any
of such children as have died since the 1251h day of
December, 1894, are by their sol citors on or be-
fore the Ist day of December, 1896, to come In
and enter their claims In the book kept for that
purpose at the chambers or the Registrar of the
Liverpool District, situate at No.' 9 Cook street, in
the city of Liverpool, In England, or' ln default
thereof I the snare of the said : ELIZABETH
si.ma.SK will be distributed amongst the other
persons entitled.
. Monday, the 21st day of December, 1896, at 11
o'clock In the forenoon, at the said Chambers, Is
appointed tor hearing |and adjudicating upon the
claim. ■ . ■ • • ,
The said ELIZABETH SLOANE Is supposed to
have emigrated to the United Stales of America in
or about the year 1845. ■ •■*
Dated this 14th day of Aucust, 1896. '
F. WILLIS TAYLOR, Registrar.
WATTS&CARR of 13 Investment bindings,
65 Lord street, Liverpool, England, solicitors for
the plaintiff, whose address for strvfp i» :v- «ani'\
VfOTICK TO OR_DIT«m. — 1.-, .a 1 OF _.'a"^
XI KIO.V DE RO, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by : the , Underpinned. Andrew J. Blnney,
executor of the estate of MaKIoN DE KO, de-
ceased, to the creditors : ot and . all persons having
claims against the sal.i deceased, to exhibit them,
with the necessary voucher*, within ten months
after the first publication of this notice to the said
executor, at the office of RICH AUD BELCHER,
Belcher buildlnz, Marysvllle, Cai,, Che same being
his pittce for the transaction of the business of the
said estate.- . ANDItEW J. BINNi V.
Kxecutor of the estate <of MaRION DE 80, de-
ceased. ; - . „.- .... .  ..
Dated at San Francisco September 4, 1898. :' i, ■
RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building, Marys-
TiUe, CiO., Attorney tor Executor.
DENTISTS.
CIROOME DfeNTAL ASSOCIA^Ho^fTTSo'MAIi"
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, »1 ; dilates. $5 up: fill. $1 up.
1 \H. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates mode over ilka new;
teeth from $8 per «et: extracting 5Oo: gas given.
li. GJiOltGu: AY. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, dlscoversr of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
T/*ULL SET OF TEETH, 97; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, . 50c; fillings, 50c.;
crowns, 93 60. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
I^IRST^CLASS DENTISTRY ; FIRST-CLASS
J? prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDINQ.M.D., 500 Sutter
DL. L. 1. i KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work f^id teeth withoas
plates a specialty. 108 Geary IU. cor. Grant ava.
01* -.A SET >OR TEETH: WARRANTED Ar»
tip I good as can be made; filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
centisi. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
V>AINLKSs . EXTRACTION.  60o; CROWN
X bridge work • specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 year*'
experience. B. L. WaLsHT D.D.S.. 81554 Gear/.
ALL WORK TO SUIT TiMES;WARRANTED.
-A. DR. KEa, 1370 Market St., froct City Hall.
R. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BO-
rnanan: gas Riven; crown and bridge worn. j
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TJSETH WITHOUT A 1-LAi'K UK. H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk :
DX. J. J. LEEK, l^Ob MARKET, CO it. ooLDES
Gate aye.— evenings: Sundays till noon.
THE UIVOKCE KKCOKD.
Complaint filed:
Emma K. Heath against George XL Heath.
Divorces granted :
Minnie L Conen from Alexander Cohen, for
neglect; by Judge Sanderson. . .
Marie V. Levy from Julius Levy, for era city ; by
Judge Slack.
tilt 1 iti—jl AUUIAtiiIS— DLA I ill
(•Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They raus. be banded la a;
either of the publication office* and beludors«4
with the name and residence of persons auiaorlzai
to have the same published. J .;.• '"■.■-
BORN.
BARTHOLDY— In this city. September 6, 1896,
to the wife of A. Bartholdy, a son. .
BELLANI— In this city, August 24, 1896, to the
wife of I. L. Bellanl, a daughter.
DAY— In Oakland, September 9, 1893, to the wife
of Charles E. Day, a daughter. . . .
9POWART-In this city, September 6, 1898, to
: the wife of David Spowart, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HANNAH-JONES— In this city, September 8,
1896, by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., David A.
Hannah of Si. Johns. Glenn County, Cal., and
Lizzie Jones of Germantown, Glenn County , Cal.
NILEB— MORRISON"— In this city, September 8,
1896, by the Rev. Thomas Fllben, Aduisoa P.
Niles and M. isabeile Morrison. ; , ■
VANSTONE— EBBERSON— In this city, Septem-
ber 10, 1898, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Edward
2 A. Vanstone of Tancred. Yolo County, Cal., and
Annie Ebberson of San Francisco.
VEGA— MARTIN— In this cltv, August 18, 1898,
Joseph R. Vesa and Rhoda Martin, both of San
Francisco.
WEIOKHART— HECKER— In Alameda. Sep-
tember 9. 1896, by the Rev. H. E. J. Ongerth,
Henry A. Weichhari and Louise C. Hecker.
both of Alameda.
__~ ~ _»__£>.
Barry. Edward J. Marks. William
Byrne, John .Marie; t, Mary
Callaghan, John M. Parker, Charles H.
. J-scalller, Delphiue Perry, William J.
Goldsml h, Ross Potter, William D.
McCarthy, Catherine Pownlng, Mary C.
Mcliale, Patrick Rubene, Michael
Maleton, Henry Schwarzmann, Max
Whitman, Henry
BARRY— In this city, September 11, 1893, Ed-
ward J.. beloved son of William and Fanny
■ Bnrr.v, and brother of John J.. Thomas A., Kich-
ard L and Letlie Barry, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 9 months and 13 days. '
«3-Th« funeral will take place TO-MORROW
- (Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents. 21 Rausch street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
masH will he celebrated forth* repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BYRNE— In this city, September 10, 1893. John
Byrne. a native of Ardee, County Loath, ire-
land, aged 51 years.
*3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 19 Yon Ness avenue,
near Market street. Interment Holy Cross
■ Cemetery.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OF ST. IGNATIUS
College— You art- requested to attend the funeral
of our late brotner member. John Byrne,
as per above notice. The "< hapel Office" will be
recited tor the repose of his soul on Tuesday
. next, at 8 o'clock p. it. Relatives and friends
are invited to be present. By order of .
JAMES K. KELLY, Prefect.
t'HABLKS A. McAcliff, Secretary.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. September 10, 1896,
John Michael Callaghan. beloved husband of
Mary'dillagcan, son of Michael Callaghan, and
son-in-law ot Thomas arid Mary Jo. ca, a native
of Boston. Mass., aged 39 years. Late member
of lour: Col ma No. 83, Foresters of America.
JB3~Frlend3 and aciumntancei ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Valeme, Marini A Co., 1524 Stockton
street, between Green and Union, thence to St.
Patrick's Church. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ESCALLIER— In this city. September 8. 1893.
Delphlne Kscalller, a native 01 France, aged 42
years.
GOLDSMITH— In the Cltv and County Hospital.
September 10, 1898, Rose Goldsmith, aged 24
years. ■ • .-.-;■■■■.•
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 9, 1B"»\
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Patrick Mc-
Carthy and mother of C. W., J. F. and Daniel
McCarthy and Mrs. J. F. Kelling »nd Mrs. Wil-
liam Sheret. a native or skibbtreen, county
Cor*. Ireland, aged 61 years. . .
43~Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvi:ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturdar),at-8:30 o'clock a. m., from h*r late
residence, southwest corner of Army and San-
. cheastreecs, thence to S. Paul's Church, where
a solemn requiem . mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, 'commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Mouni Calvary ' Cem-
etery.
McHALE-Iu this city, September 11. 1898. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Kunis Mcllale,
an I father of E.ldie and Tom McUale, a native
Of the parish of " Bax, County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 33 years. [Anaco.ida (Mont.) standard
p.eaM» copy. J . - / •".
£3" Friends and acaualntances are resn*>r,>
telly Invited to attend <t\e funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. troni hij late
residence. 34 Cle uentina street, thence to SL
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem mam
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o docs a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -
MALETON— In Oakland. September" 11, 1898,
Henry, beloved husband of Emily Mal<J;on, and
brother of Edward Malnton. a native or Ger-
many, ag»J 88 years and 1 month.
MARKS— In Alameda, September f», 1893, Wll-
Hani, beloved bnsban I of ilar.le A. Marks and'
son of Adelaide M. and the late John J. Marks,
. a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
49*Frlends and a^qulanianees are respect-
fully Invited 10 attend the funeral services
THIS DAY ( Saturday}. •at 3 o'clock p. m.. at
the rcsideuce of his mother, southwest corner
Pierce and-Haigbt streets, San Francisco. In-
terment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery, s-an i-ranclsco.
MARLETT— In Oakland, September 11, 1896, at
her residence". 502 1 elegraph avenue, Mary, be-
'•'. loved wife of James Marlett, a native of Ireland.
[Washington <D. C.) papers please copy. 1
X3"The funeral will take place TrtH DAY
(Saturday), -.30 o'clock p. m. Interment private,
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. I'leasa omit
llowers. ; " ■ .
PARKER— In this city, September 11, IS9B,
Charles H. Parker, a native of Vermont, aged.
"76 years.
funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock a. it , at his late residence, north-
west corner Broadway and Taylor street, j Inter-
ment private. .
PERRY — In the City ana County Hospital. Sep-
tember 11, 1898, William J. Perry, aged 67
years.
POTTER-In, Oakland, September 11, 1898.
Willinm Dunlin.; Potter, father of Mrs. James
Pollltt, Mrs. William' Fish of Oaiciand and
Jamen Potter of Fresno, a native of . England,
aged 72 year* and 18 days.
POWNING-In Oakland,- September 11.5.1896,
Mary Cornelia Pownlns. a native ■of Cornwall,'
j'.ngiand, aged 65 years Bmoaihs and 28 days.
BUBKNE— In this cltv. B?ptsmber 10, 1898,
Michael Rubene, a native of Germany, aged 70
years and 7 months. ■ '
SCHWA ANN— In this city, September 1L
1896, Max £chwarzmann, beloved son o' Chris-
tine and the late G. Schwarzmann, and tiro her
of Gußtav .-schwarzmann, a native of New York,
aged .18 years it mourns ana 10 days. : - .-
#"3" friends ani . acquaintances are * respoet-
fully Invited to atl«nd the funeral -TO-MORROW
(Sunday), ac it o'clock p. _.. from the residence
of his mother, 123 collliigwood street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. : Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WHITMAN— In this city, entered into rest, Sep-
tember 10, 1896. Henry Whitman, beloved hus-
band of Margaret Whitman, a native of New
York, aged 51 years. : ... . - .
AST Friends and acquaintances and officers and
members of Burns 1 o.lge No. 68. a. O. U. W.,
are respectfully- invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Sunday)-, at 1 o'clock p. it., from
his late residence, 528 Chestnut street, inter-
ment Cypre3* Lawn Cemetery, by carriages. •-• '..
' McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FONKRAL DIBECTORS _ EMBALMKE<j,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
■^ .. Telephone 3080. .:.'..".■;''
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY:. NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled.- Office >lafk.tt
smelt boutaeftat corn« ot autu. •■'*_^_a
1314
A BIKE THAT
WENT TO SEA.
Captain Colin Thompson
Scorches Over the
Bfiny Deep
IN A FLEET "BAYCYCLE"
It Has Bevel Wheels Instead of
the Sprockets and
Chain.
PROPELLER ON BALL-BEARINGS
The Hull of the Craft Is on the "De
fender" Lines and Is a
Life-Boat.
Captain Colin Thompson, the well
known machinist of 502 Bay btreet, who
is constantly experimenting with cogs,
piniuns, shafts and "wheel things," has
built a water bike that comes nearer its
shore prototype than any machine yet
modeled after the fleet sieel roadster.
Captain Thompson's aquatic wheel or
"baycycle" has a bona-fide bicycle frame,
steering-bars, pedal, seat and all complete
in a boat. For the rear wheel of the land
scorcher he lias substituted a three- blade
propeller each six and a half inches long,
and for a front wheel— well, the captain
doesn't have any, consequently the affair
is rather a unicycle.
The machinery is a "gear" instead of
The Speedy Aquatic Wheel or " Baycycle " Invented by Captain Colin Thompson, the Well-Known Machinist,
and Which Had a Successful Trial Trip Yesterday.
being worked by sprocket-chain, with
three bevel-wheels acting upon each other,
so thai the water bicycle is of extra "hieh
pear." An eight -incu diameter bevel
runs on one three and a half inches in
diameter, and revolving on tne same shaft
with this small wheel is one of creater
diameter. Tnis third pinion bevels on a
still smaller fourth attached to the pro
peller-shaft. Thus, while one turn oi the
pedal cranks of a bicycle drives the rear
wh^el about three and a quarter times
around, on a water-bike they will whirl
that propeller many more times.
Captain Thompson calculates that the
vessel will go ei^ht and three-quarter
miles an hour at forty revolutions of the
propeller per minute, and after a few
alterations have been made in the ma
chinery she will speed twelve miles an
hour, the rider easily driving the propeller
up to seventy and eighty revolutions.
The null of the boat is 12 feet 6 inches
in length from stem to stern, 3 feet 3
inches wide amidships, and the draught
of water is from Bto 14 inches. It will be
observed that the hull is built on the
Defender lines, which gives it buoyancy
with less friction when it moves through
the water. The boat has air-ti lit tanks
in the fore and aft ends, which makes her
a safe proposition to the bicyclist who
would go to sea. The machinery and
shaft run on ball-bearings, those of the
latter being arranged so as to take up the
natural forward push of the propeller.
As the rider sits in the saddle he steers
as he would aboard of his bike, the little
8-inch-square sheet-iron rudder heaving
her to starboard and port with the greatest
ease.
Yesterday Captain R. r3. Connell of the
California Swimming Club manned the
aquacycle and speeded her away over the
bay. There was a slight sea on, and the
little craft under the flutter of its 38 inch
pitch propeller danced over the waves
like a duck. He went ahead full speed,
bac&ed and swung around in a small cir
cle. Notwithstanding that much of tne
rider's body is high above the rail, the
machinery being below, the peculiar shape
of the hull make- the craft steady even in
rough water.
Captain Thompson will probably use a
counterbalance wheel on the shaft, which
will further decrease the power required
to drive the vessei through the water.
This is the second self-propelling vessel he
has built, the first beine a double-null
craft in which he navigated the Golden
Gate several months ajzo.
RED BRANCH KNIGHTS.
Their Rifle Company W ill Hold a Grand
Plcoi'c To-Morrow.
Great preparations have been made for
the fourth annual picnic of the Knights of
the Red Branch Rifles, which is to be held
at Shell Mound Park to-morrow. The
committees that have the event in charge
have made extraordinary efforts to make
it a grand success, and according to re
ports so far received they have accom
plished their object in a satisfactory man
ner. For the reason that the proceeds of
NEW TO-DAY.
■ Tftjticura H
■L TKrxntKirr.— For red, rough, chapped, or di»- 1
■colored hands, soak them In a strong, hot *• «udi" ■
■ of CcTict'B* Scat, dry thoroughly, and apply (c- ■
■ ticcka (ointment), wearing iclovrt durinj; the night ■
Ijj Fonii Pace k Cum. Cosr., Solo Propi., J3oitoa. ||
this picnic will be devoted to the urgent
needs of the released Irish-American
political prisoners it is expected by the
Bed Branch Kniphtß and their sympa
thizers that there will be a generous out
pouring of patriotic Irishmen Sunday
morning in the direction of Shell Mound.
The Knigbts of the Red Branch Rifles
will turn out in full force with their arms.
There will De many novel features at
the picnic, among them jig and reel
dancing by Professor McMahon, an inter
esting and diversified programme of ath
letic events and a tug-of-war for prizes.
TO CONCEAL A THEFT.
Some Friend of Mrs. Nlles Suspected
of Setting: Fire to Her
House.
Fire Marshal Towe continued his in
vestigation yesterday in the attempt
to burn the house at 920 Post
street, occupied by Mrs. Elizabeth
Niles. He bad made little progress,
however, and had to be satisfied with his
conclusions in the case that the miscreant
was acquainted with the place, and also
with Mrs. Niles' affairs.
Fire broke out in the apartments of
Mrs. Niles last Wednesday evening, and
when the fire was extinguished there were
unmistakable evidences oi arson. While
the tire was confined to the dining-room
Fire Marshal Towe found a basket filied
with excelsior packing saturated with
coal oil in one of the front bedrooms.
Then it was discovered that a burglar had
entered the premises and broken open
Mrs. Niles' trunk, from which $80 in coin
and some silverware were stolen.
On giving the matter serious thought
yesterday the Fire Marshal concluded
that no common burglar committed the
crime.
''Burglars don't set fire to places," he
said. "They don't care about covering up
their tracks to the extent of burning down
a house. lam convinced that some one
who knew that the money and silverware
were in the trunk, and were acquainted
with the premises, did the deed. Who
ever he is, he certainly knew Mrs. Niles,
and heard from her directly cr indirectly
that her money was in the trunk. To
cover up bis tracks he set the house on
fire."
Furniture Company Attached.
The San Francisco Furniture Manufacturing
Company was attached yesterday by the
Palace Hardware Company for $316 and by
the Humboidt Lumber Company for $637.
Both claims are for materials furnished, li is
believed that other attachments will follow.
MISSION SUFFRAGISTS.
An Immense Crowd Attends
Last Night's Enthusias
tic Raily.
Brilliant Addresses by Miss Sarah
M. Severance, Miss Anna
Shaw and Others.
Hundreds failed to effect an entrance
into Mission Opera-hall at the Woman
Suffrage rally last night. Professor
Charles H. Ham of the Cogswell Poly
technic School presided, and among the
vice-presidents who occupied seats on the
stage were: Mrs. Clara Lone, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles B. Holbrook, Miss Sarah M.
Severance, George T. Gaden, Mrs. Sylvia
Brown and Taylor Rogers.
The meeting opened with the singing of
"The New America," and a graceful ad
dress of welcome by Taylor Rogers.
Then followed a* masterly address in
favor of woman suffrage, made by George
T. Gaden.
Miss Sarah M. Severance, who for some
reason best known to herself has been
hiding her light under a bushel of late,
made an eloquent plea for the giving of
the ballot to women.
j "Slavery," she said, "is not always hard.
There have been slaves who have had
good masters, but American women were
not cut out for slaves. They want free
dom, and they call upon their* brothers to
help them tret it.
'•The knight-errant of old, who hearing
of a maiden being imprisoned in a tower,
never asked if she was kindly treated but
eot her out. That is what we American
women want you, the knights of the nine
teenth century, to do for us.
"We are told that the women do not
care to vote; thai not half of them will
vote when they get the chance, and hence
that they ought not to vote. Very well;;
it's a bail rule that won't work both ways.
Official records tell us that only 40 per cent
of the American men vote. : That is less
than half, so they don't deserve the ballot
any more than the women. -
"I nave only this to say about the argu
ments against woman suffrage: When I
try to reason them out I find them to be
such insufferable twaddle that it seems
hard to take them seriously."
Miss Anna Shaw also made a powerful
address. The cutting satire with which
she dissected the well-worn anti-suffrage
arguments was keenly appreciated by the
audience, which cheered her again and
again:'
Other well-known suffragist orators ad
dressed the assembly, and several more
songs were voiced with an enthusiasm
which seemed to presage good things for
the cause. ■'
Williams Still in Suspense.
The case of L>ick Williams, convicted several
days ago of extortion, was before Judce Mor
row yesterday on a motion of defendant's at
torney for a new trial. The principal conten
tion of the defense was that the court erred in
admitting the bankbook and the affiduvit
made by Williams in a civil suit now pending
in the Superior Court. Mr. Collins, the con
victed man's new attorney, cited several State
autnorities in support of his position, refer
ring incidentally to the fact that Judge Mor
row had been -unnecessarily severe in his
charge to the jury. At the conclusion of the
argument his Honor said that while he ex
pected to give the prosecution a chance to re-
Ely to the contentions of defendant's counsel,
c deiired at that time to impress upon the
latter the fact that most of the points made by
him had already been finally decided iv the
United States courts. This remark was gener
ally construed to mean that the motion for a
new trial will be denied and that sentence
will be passed to-day. Court will convene at
10 o'clock this morning.when Prosecuting At
torney Henley will make his argument iv op
position to the motion for a new trial.
>ew Corporations.
The California State League, the Junction
Mining Company, the Pacific Manufacturing
and Pla-ing Company and the Shurtlefl Hill
Mining Company were yesterday incorporated.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Myseil Kollius,32 Clay,*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1896.
FROM SERVICE
TO AFFLUENCE
Fortune Once More Smiles
on Miss Lena Lose
champ.
BEQUEATHED A FORTUNE
Worked for Months as a Do
mestic in a Physician's
Family.
SHE WAS RAISED IN LUXURY.
Will Soon Be in a Financial Position
to Gratify Her Slightest
Whim.
The face of fortune, long hidden from
one young woman in this City, has once
more been revealed to her, and within a
short time the consummation of a sudden
turn of the fickle goddess will place Miss
Lena Losechamp beyond the necessity of
the menial labor that she has for months
been performing and restore her to the
affluence that in early life gave her luxu
rious tastes and magnificent opportunities
to become an accomplished woman.
Miss Losechamp's father came to Amer
ica many years ago with an amde fortune
and a young wife. As years went by he
added to his belongings, and the children
that were born to the couple were raised
amid luxurious surroundings and given
every opportunity that money could pur
chase.
Then reverses came and the children
were compelled to start out for themselves
and care for their own fortunes.
Miss Losechamp's brothers had received
business educations and were prepared for
the struggle witn the world, but with her
the case was different.
Her accomplishments were not of the
kind that would bring in an income, and
it was necessary to look out for nerself.
The plucky girl wasted no time, however,
and was soon fitted to take the position of
bookkeeper, which she did in a large com
mercial bouse in Montana, where she
remained for seven years.
Early in last year she left her position
to journey to Oregon, where one of her
brothers was sick and in need of care and
attention, and there she remained minis
tering to him until he was called to join
the majority. In the meantime, her father
had drifted to California in search of em
ployment, and she joined him in San Fran
cisco to care for him in his declining years.
Neither father nor daughter prospered,
and when in February last their funds
were about exhausted, in order to keep the
wolf from the door she took service with
a physician's family as a domestic, and in
that way earned her daily bread. Even
then fortune seemed against her and she
began a suit in the Justice Court against
her employer to recover a portion of the
waves over which there had been a dis
pute. She lost her case and was just
about in despair, when she received word
from her father's home in Germany that
put an entirely different expression on for
tune's face and gave her renewed hope of
brighter and better days.
During her girlhood years and even
after the responsibilities of earning her
living weighed upon her, she had kept up
a correspondence with a maiden aunt in
Germany, who, though she had never seen
her niece in a distant land, had conceived a
great fondness for her through her letters.
This aunt died a few weeKa ago and it
was the news of her demise and that she
had left her young relative property val
ued at from $125,000 to $150,000 that
brought both sorrow and joy tv the Lose
champ household.
Attorney George Hayford, who was her
legal adviser, at once instituted inquiries
that verified the statements of the letters,
and the necessary papers to prove Miss
Losechamp's right to the fortune were at
once forwarded to Germany.
It is expected that four or five months
will elapse before the legal formalities are
all over and the money is placed at the
disposal of the new heiress, but the attor
ney declares that the process is well under
way and that the fortune will reach its
rijzhtful owner ere long.
Miss Losecbamp is 26 years of age. She
has light hair and an interesting, hand
some face that partially tells the story of
her life. She is splendidly educated, a
good conversationist and an accom
plished musician.
At present her place of residence is kept
secret by those most interested in her
welfare in order to prevent her from being
annoyed by the hordes of fortune-hunters,
inventors and cranks who invariably fol
low those who come in for substantial
legacies.
SUCCESSFUL AMATEURS.
A Good Performance Given by the Sons
of Vermont.
A successful entertainment, ending with
an address by Miss Susan B. Anthony,
was given last night by the Native Sons
of Vermont in Odd Fellows' HalL A lar»;e
and appreciative audience was in attend
ance.
One of the features of a Vermonter pro
gramme is generally a successful dramatic
performance, and last night "The Little
Sentinel" was given in a manner whic.i
was fully up to the club's standard.
Albert Morrison gave a clever, dashing in
terpretation of the captain of dragoons,
his effective lisp and touching artiessness
of manner arousing plenty of applause.
Reginald Travers was also very good in
the character part of a love-lorn rustic,
Frank B. Fanning was quite at home as
the elderly lady-killer. Miss Chester
made a bright little sentinel, and Miss
Loretta Grace was effective as Letty Haw
thorn.
The part of the programme which pre
ceded the comedietta consisted of music,
dances and recitations. Dellepiane'a or
chestra played an overture pleasingly,
Miss Olive Truett gave a whistling solo
well. Mrs. C. T. Kaighin won applause for
her recitation "The Gambler's Wife," the
Clara Schumann Lady Quartet did some
clever vocal work, the M;sses Pearl and
Maud Noble won applause for a duo for
cornet and trombone and a number of
young ladies posed prettily in a series of
living pictures.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, who intro
duced Miss Susan B. Anthony, alluded
gracefully to that lady's fifty years' cham
pionshipof the cause of woman suffrage,
and concluded by expressing the hope
that California would soon take her place
as the fourth star in the woman's flasr.
She then introduced Miss Anthony, who
delivered an earnest plea in favor of suf
frage.
MAY BE DESTROYED.
More Deathtraps Fall Under the Ban
of the Board of
Health.
A special meeting of the Board of Health
will be held to-day to consider the de
struction of more buildings in Chinatown
and other portions of the City. Health
Officer Lovelace will recommend that
structures at 928 Clay street, 801 Stockton
street, 12 Brooklyn place, 8 and 10 Card
alley, off Stockton, between Green and
Vallejo streets, and three old buildings in
the rear of 325 and 327 Vallejo streets, be
tween Montgomery and Sansome, and oc
cupied by Italian fishermen and their
families, be condemned as menaces to the
public health and destroyed forthwith.
There is little doubt that the recom
mendation will be adopted and that the
buildings will be razed unless the owners
get out injunctions against the Health
Department.
Found Floating in the Bay.
About 5 o'clock yesterday morning the body
of a then unknown man was recovered from
the bay near the Ocean House. Later in the
day the deceased was identified Dy H. J. Stone
of 246 Third street as John Roach, until a year
ago employed as a salesman at O'Connor &
Moffatt's. During the past few months he has
been out oi work and it is presumed that
finally, growing tired of life, he committed
suicide by jumping into the bay. So far as
knowD, Roach had no relatives in this City.
Sued the Native Sons.
Henry F. Pernau has sued the Hall Associa
tion ot the Native Sons of the Golden West for
$10,000 damages on account of injuries sus
tained in an elevator accident in Native Sons'
building, on Mason street.
SPIRITUALISTS' CONCERT.
An Enjoyable AffVr Held »t Golden,
Gate Hull.
The California State Spiritualists' Asso
ciation cave a grand concert, test seance
and dance in Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, last evening, in honor of the first
appearance in this City of the noted plat
form test medium, Mrs. Maude L. yon
Frietag. State President Newman opened
the meeting with a few remarks.
A fine programme was given, in which
Professor Young's orchestra played the
opening number, "Spirit Visions," his
own composition. Mrs. Emma Sherwood
of Chicago sang "Aye Maria," with a vio
lin obligato by Professor E. A. Whitelaw.
Ihere was a cornet so!o by Professor
Young; Professor Whitelaw also gave a
violin solo, "Legende" ; Mrs. Sherwood
sang "Happy Birds" in her usual happy
style; Professor Whitelaw gave "La Pa
loma" as a mandolin solo, which was fol
lowed by a selection by Professor Young's
orchestra, after which Mrs. Maude yon
Frietag, a late arrival from Los Angeles,
gave a number of "ballot tests," most of
which were fully recognized. The hall
was then cleared and the young people,
and not a few of those who showed streaks
of silver in their locks, danced.
CHUT S I'I DAY.
Antonio Pirrl Will Risk His Neck at
Half-Past Four.
Antonio Pirri, the Milanese cyclist, will
make a special ride down the chutes on
his bicycle and land in the lake this after
noon at half-past 4 o'clock. On Admission
day he became tangled up with his wheel
after he struck the water and came out
with a black eye, but now he has so per
fected his performance tliat he jumps off
just as he reaches the bottom of the chute
and swims to one side.
There will be an entire change of pro
gramme in the casino to-day.
ORPHANS AT THE CIRCUS
Two Thousand Waifs Enter
tained by Forepaugh and
the Sells Brothers.
A Gala Day in the Menageries With
the Funny Clowns and Ponderous
Elephants.
It was a great afternoon yesterday for
some 2000 parentless children. They took
in the circus at Central Park, saw the
clowns cut up their pranks and shouted
with delight at the big elephants dancing
a quadrille.
Tue Forepaugh and Sells Brothers great
spectacle — which is to give but two more
performances, one this afternoon and an
other to-night — decided that yesterday
should be devoted entirely to the amuse
ment of the orphans.
James D. Wolfe, the press agent of the
circus, took charge of this kindergarten
affair and personally saw yiat the young
sters were properly seated and regaled
with peanuts, popcorn and vari-colored
lemonade.
As early as 1 o'clock, one hoar ahead of
time, the little ones arrived with their
teachers. Every moment alter that was
one of enjoyment, more or less intense as
the iiours sped on.
They were all seated on one side
of the immense tent and there they were
photographed by Marceau.
Fqllowing are the institutions whose
little walls enjoyed the great perform
ance: Hebrew Orphan Asylum. Protestant
Orphan Asylum, Maria "Kip Orphanage,
Ladies' Protestant Aid Society, Ladies'
Relief Corps, the kindergarten of Pixley
Hull (Miss Laura Johns, Miss s Agnes
Pridges, Miss Pope and Miss Walker in
charge), the Sheltering Arms for Home
less Children, the Foundlings' Home, Chil
dren's Hospital and Training School and
the Little Jim ward.
THE GREATEST BARGAINS
OF THE
Although EVERY DAY IS A "BARGAIN DAY" at our Great Closing-Out
Sale of $300,000 worth of Dry Goods and Cloaks, our rule of offering EXTRA
ATTRACTIONS to our Saturday patrons impels us to make the following
SPECIAL ASP EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS FOR TODAY MD TO-MGBT!
LADIES* DRAWERS! LADIES' CAPES. HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 25 Cents. At $3.50. At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of 50 LADIES BLACK CREPON RIP- CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK
heavy muslin, yoke band, finished PLE CAPES, fancy figured . ; lining, MACO COTTON HOSE, double knees,
-with insertion, cluster of tucks and trimmed ail around and up front with heels, soles and toes, Hermsdorf dye,
ruffle of embroidery, regular price 50c, India silt niching, neck to match, unbleached and black feet, worth 40c,
will bo closed out at 25c. ' others trimmed with cartwheel effect reduced to 25c a pair.
. in ribbon and jet, neck to matcn, with
L AP. VA. S TS. S^^S2^TSaSr.B«l»; LADIE , ,{<* COTXOK
At 75 Cents ~ ■ '— ? t N^i HOSE, double heels, soles and toes,
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and LADIES' KID GLOVES. ' s£Sd°to 33^ t2l^^
cuffs, "Stanley waist." ail fancy — reaucea to m A c a pair.
shades, regular price $1 25 and $150, At 35 Cents. ..
will be closed out at 75c each. 500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in At 50 Cents.
.— — black only, regular value $1, will be LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK RIBBED
At $1.00. closed out at 35c a pair. CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high-
-60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT — spliced heels, double soles and toes,
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and At 75 Cents. fast black, worth 75c, reduced to 50c a
striped and figured percales, this sea- 250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK- air
son's goods, regular price $2 and %2 50, ING KID GLOVES, embroidered .
will be closed out at $1 each. . backs, colors and black, regular value
At~sLsO. 11 25, will be closed_out at 75c a pair. MERINO UNDERWEAR.
LADIES' PERCALE* AND DIMITY At $1.00. At =o~Cents
WAISTS, in all fancy shades, detach- 200 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID T AT)rP a, r fipf., n*ip tlittbt™
able collars, bishop sleeves, regular GLOVES (larg« buttons), colors red, LAD T vp^ts Wh «- l ER P°
jiiilfiiiii aassr""' SpHHH^S
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. , RIBBONS! RIBBONS! , At 75~Cents.
At oTfentc At r?" ntfl LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
ax J.H merits. At » Cents. MIXKD VESTS high neck Inn* and
129 R r°A R n^ EXTR^ A IN ; E AL1 £ SIL . K No. 7 ALL-SILK SATIN AND GROS- ;• ££ *£,££ drawers tomatehfnSr,
SCARFS in Tecks. Four-in-Hanus. GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors, shrinkage, white and natural, regular
Bows and Club Ties, a very large as- value 10c, will be closed out at 5c a price *1 reduced to 75c each, .
sortment of colorings, usual price 50c yard. p * , reuuwJU w "*- f"*"*
and 75c, will be closed out at 25c each — —
At 50~Cent* At 1% Cents - At $1.00. •
75 dozen MFVS \n Rovß- fl v PV No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED CASHMERE
TWMMFD X J-HTSHIRt/ GROS-GKAIN RIBBON, in assorted WOOL AND LISLE MIXED VESTS,
i«r«i?£?nf™lnH I h™ . Ihv "" a colors, value 15c, will be closed out at high neck, long sleeves; urawets to
Uimmea^ £°^Casnv' .^ 7Kcayard.___ ffi f tch; warranted non-shrinkable reg-
trimmrngs, regular price 85c, will be ; ular ** ice $1 *"' reduced t0 |leach -
closed out at 50c each. . FEATHER BOAS. • — —
__: . FEATHER BOAS.
.. *, ftn — - ;■:-£ At $2.00. r.v
a» a mpvv /?!\V^'t.o Tr.Tn^T BLACK COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54 LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
T?mmRK ao np i 8 1 ? CN " inch. Special at $1 each. UNION SUITS, high neck, long
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war- l sleeves, ankle length, warranted non-
ranted thoroughly shrunk, extra value BLACK COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54 shrinkable, worth $2 50. will be placed
for |1 50, will be closed out at $1 each. inch. Special at $1 50 each. on sale at $2 each.
B^ STORE OPEN THIS EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
if Murphy Building, J mi/ Murphy Building, f Ulf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jon Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Met nfl Jones Streets.
WHERE THE JOKER
MAY BE FOUND
Recent Increase of the
Assessment - Roll
Explained.
THE RAILROAD'S GAIN.
How the Expansion of the Roll
Benefits the Southern
Pacific.
FIXED SUM TO BE RAISED
The Amount Was Designated at the
Last Session of the Legis
lature.
The manner in which the State Board of
Equalization is throwing dust in the eyes
of the taxpayers of California can be ex
plained.
Yesterday The Call interviewed an ohl
tinie politician and public man whose
sagacity is unquestioned. He knows the
ins and outs of many deals of the past, but
for very good reasons desires that his
name should not be mentioned.
Speaking of the recent action of the
State Board of Equalization in the increase
of the assessment roll $71,000,000, and the
particular application of the increase of
$30,000,000 to San Francisco, he said :
"It is a surprise to me that tue news
papers have never exposed this scheme,
which is nothing more nor less than a
dodge to save the Southern Pacific Rail
road in taxes. Now I can demonstrate to
you, and any Grand Jury expert or Mer
chants' Association expert can demon
strate the same thing, that the increase in
the assessment roll lessens the amount
that the railroad company is to pay iv
taxes.
"Now let me demonstrate: The amount
of money to be raised for the forty-eighth
fiscal year has been fixed. The tax- levy
passed by the last Legislature reads tbus:
The Btate Board of Equalizitidh must, for
State purposes for tne forty-seventh and
forty-eighth fitcal years, tix such an ad
valorem rate ol taxation upon each one hun
dred dollars in value of taxable property iv
the State as after allowing five per cent for
delinquency and costs of collection of taxes,
as provided in section 3696 of the Political
Code, will raise for the forty-seveuth fiscal
year:
First— For the general fund. $4,913,106.
Second— For the scdool fund, $'2,195,459.
Third— For interest and sinking fund, $141,435
And for the forty-eighth fiscal year:
Firs: — For the general fund, $2,681,371.
Second— For the school fund, f'2,195,4.9.
Third— For interest and sinking fund, $141,436.
"Bear in mind that the forty-seventh
fiscal year is out of the calculation. It is
past and gone. We are now raising money
for the forty-eighth. The aggregate
amount <b fixed. In round numbers it is
$5,000,000. I cannot give the exact figures
of State taxable property, but in round
numbers it is twelve hundred million dol
lars, the Board of Equalization having
added seventy millions, putting thirty
millions of the raise on San Francisco.
'Bear in mind that the amount oi
money to be raised is just the same, but
do not lose sight of the fact that the rail
road assessment is a fixed quantity — $36,
-000,000. In San Francisco, where the great
raise comes, the company has very little
property to tax — only $226,000. Now, any
expert who will take the railroad valua
tion as fixed by the Board of Equalization,
the total valuation of all property as fixed
by the board and the valuation as origin
ally returned by the County Auditors, will
rind to a dollar how much the company is
benefited by the* increase.
"When there is a fixed amount of money
to be raised the expansion of the roll
diminishes the amount which the com
pany is called on to pay for each million of
its assessment and its assessment is a
fixed quantity. I am not saying that the
railroad is assessed too high or too low,
but do say that th's juggling of the State
board with the rest of the property always
ends by saving the company a good round
sum when the time comes for drawing its
annual checK for taxes.
"Why the people have been so long
blinded I cannot understand. The motive
is as clear as day when one begins to in
quire in the right direction. The same
game has been played year after year.
The interior taxpayers are supposed to
acquiesce because San Francisco is
'cinc'ied,' but the true inwardness is that
all the people are 'cinched' a little to keep
the railroad taxes down."
The total valuation of all the property
in the State since the raise and after de
ducting 5 per cent is $1, 200, 608, 753. The
raises amounted to $74,113,318 and the re
duction to $3,086,821, leaving a net raise
of $71,026,497.
Had the increase not been made the
valuation would have been $1,129,582,256
and the railroad would have paid taxes to
raise $5,000,000 on the proportion which
$36,000,000 bears to $1,129,582,256. Now
the expansion of the roll diminishes the
amount to be paid from 45 cents on each
$100 to 42 cents, leaving off the fractions.
In* the same way the Governor is per
mitted to parade a low tax levy, when
the amount of money to be taken from
all other taxpayers than the railroad
company remains ju«t 'he same. The
sum to D 8 raised is $5,000,000, which added
to a surplus of $700,000 in the State Treas
ury will provide money to run the State
government until next July.
Suit for Damages.
Christian Merkle has sued the Market-street
Railway Company for $10,000 damages for In
juries unstained in a streetcar accident.
NEW TO-DAY.
PRESENTS la SJrii
FREE . fpjyffij
REAL GEMS! JpL
Fancy Cbinaware, Glassware, Cups
Saucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip.
tion.
ONE JE*ct
WITH r> -
each*^ Purchase
TEAS—COFFEES— SPICES
Quality Best Guaranteed.
SNAPS C 3>T
Great AfflericanlfflpoiUni Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES".
iaiq Polk et *^5 niarkct st. >
333 Hayes st. 328S Mission t.
Sa Market st. (Headquarters), S. P -
10 53 Washington rt. 616 E. Twelfth a*
131 ban Pablo aye. . 9 i 7 Broadway, Oaklaatf
I3 S 5 Park st., Alamcda. :
Battle
Of the
Standards.
The battle of STANDARD SHIRTS is
with foreign importations — with the preju-
j dice for and the product of- Eastern fac-
tories. "STANDARD" SHIRTS are
made here. ?: .
■' • •
NT.B.
I MARK I
NEUSTADTER BROS., Mfrs., San Francisco.
OCTOBER NUMBER NOW BEADY.
GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.
"English Dlnstratea ffiapzine."
.Reduced In price to TEN CENTS a cony.
A wonderful, MAGAZINE tor the
MONEY. ,
Filled with beautiful Illustrations and popular
current literature of a high class; printed In clear
type on fine paper: every number complete In
Itself; magazine readers will wonder how It is po*
si hie to produce and sell
THE ENGLISH ILLUSTRATED MAGAZUSE
At TEN CEH TS a copy.
It challenges comparison with
any MAGAZINE in the -WORLD.
- For sale by all newsdealers and by
I The International' News Co., New York,
And tile San Francisco Notts Co. ,
. . San Francisco. Cal.
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
rnREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AN COUNTY
X of San Francisco, September 2, 1396.
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds issued under an
act of the state Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widen! of Dupom Street, In the
City of San Francisco." adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office In »he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, September 15, 1898.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at » hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds for payment, less
coupons due. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
■ Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." a. C. WIDBER, .
____^ ' . City ana County Treasurer.
■■ •
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and tit them to Spectacles and Ey»-
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of i»y wort.
Office Hours— VI to 4 p. k.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is •powerful aphrodisiac an! speciflo tonic for Mi»
•exoaland urinary orgsas of both «*«•>»?,* £
«re*t remedy for diseases of the kidneys mal ol *£
tier. A great Restorative, Invlgoratoraad Net via*
bells on its own ilerlu-no lon*-*"* * 1 ****
denials necessary. ' ■ • , . «.«nM.
If RUPTUBEJ
Pf Ifrupturcl.Toa i> .tnrallT hope to obtain '<»«'«
tjSf from pmin: securitj from *«" * 1I ' < !" .«1C! „ "Dr M
Kg/ Pfrmin.ntcureif possible. r"» wlll ™'Li* ". villfl
» Pierce Pat. JUcnetic Elastic Truss. a h -"~" . ■
||»l,<« surprised »t it hit you will learo. Th»' ™£ to,|
m ruptured man or woman. If to" Vi'hlet N« 1 M
■ Mil or .end 3 ct.. in »tmn:p. f^L'il^eulUe ad fl
■ Itcontalns full Information. CST JJ"?,!' ° aJreVs £^
f jui.rofnt nrtrusm- at our office ° 'l* c . : .»"- r :.'l d v- r £' 1
I MAGNETIC KLABTTC TRfSS r<) "^ o n ".JJ* Cat ffl|