VOLUME LXXX.— NO. 72.
KILLED BY
THE HOT SUN
Death's Harvest Continues
to Yield Frightful
Returns.
NO HOPE OF RELIEF IS
APPARENT.
Chicago's Heat Fatalities Reach
Forty-three in Twenty
lour Honrs.
THERE ARE GRAVE FEARS OF
A PESTILENCE.
Carcasses of a Thousand Animals
Lying Where They Fell in
the Streets.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 10.— Continued
beat of the most dangerous kind made
another deatliroll to-day larger than ita
predecessors of the present spell, and no
hupe is extended by the weather fore
caster of a cooler day to-morrow. Of the
deaths reported to the Healtn and Police
departments and the cases taken to the
county hospital, torty-three were recorded
as having died, directly or indirectly, from
the heat.
Among the serious cases of the scores
who were prostrated, but still live, is tbat
ot Very Rev. Prior Aughan of London,
brother of the English Cardinal, who ar
rived in Chicago this morning on his way
East around the world, by the advice of
his physician, because of a dropsical dis
ease. The aged prelate suffered much
from the heat during tne journey from
tsaii Francisco, and his condition was so
serious upon arrival here ttrat the party
went to the Audicorium Annex immedi
ately. His secretary said he was fearful
of the result.
The 'emperature Kept at 80 and above
from 8 o'clock this morning, and at 1 p. m.
began climbing to the nineties, reaching
94 late in the afternoon. The ni«ht
brought no relief to the suffering human
ity, anu in places on the west side, wcere
poverty and death link hands, there was
barely iife in the burning fetid atmosphere.
The number of dead animals reported
on the streets and alleys last night was
633, tne largest record for any week in the
history of the city. It is estimated that
over 1000 carcasses are lying in the thor
oughfares because the facilities for re
moval are insufficient. Half a thousand
complaints of this fact were received at
the city hall to-day. The postoffice cutoff
two deliveries and two collections to-day
on account of heat.
The latest reports compiled at the r jlice
headquarters at an early hour this (Tues
day) morning show that during Monday
there were nfty-nine deaths in the city
from heat.
Of course a large number of these were
people who had been stricken two or three
days. The prostrations to-day were sev
enty-seven. The total number of deaths
in the city from all causes was 164, a figure
never before reached.
MERSICANE AT CLEVELAND.
Several Pleasure Craft Upset on the
Lake, but 3© Lives jLott.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 10.— At 4:30
p. si. this city was visited by the most vio
lent windstorm that has been experienced
for many years. When the storm broke
the Government thermometer registered
92 degrees. When it cleared away, thirty
minutes later, the mark was 75. Major
Stockman of the weather bureau reported
the velocity of the wind at sixty-two miles
an hour. Telegraph and telephone wires
parted like straws and dangled in the air
from their poles wagons were overturned
in the streets and the air was filled with
flying debris. Thousands of people, fear
ing that the experience of St. Louis was .to
be repeated, sought places of safety.
Out of a clear sky the elements broke in
unwonted fury. There were dozens of
pleasure craft laden with sweltering hu
manity trying to eet relief from the
depressing atmosphere on the bosom of
the lake. Before the skippers had time to
gel their crafts in - readiness to meet the
hurricane the storm burst in wild fury
upon them. Lake Erie was lashed into a
mass of angry waves that tore and surged,
tossing heavy steamers and' shell - like
yachts about with equal ease.
The greatest excitement prevailed along
the lake front. Among the yachts which
were caught in the storm were the Pris
cilla and the Avocet. The Priscilla weath
ered the gale and was towed into port by
a tug The Avocet was far out in the lake
and is still missing. The Clipper of Cleve
land went down at the mouth of the river
in seventeen feet of water. There were
five men aboard. Four of them swam to
the pier, the other dune to the vessel until
rescued by the life-saving crew. They
had hardly landed when a catboat loaded
with men was seen to capsize in the basin.
The life-savers were quick in action and
succeeded in saving all of the engulfed
men.
The cup-challenger Vencedor had a des
perate struggle, but succeeded in entering
the harbor. Several yachts dragged their
anchors and went ashore. A large propel
ler is ashore inside tne breatwater. Tne
wind caused much damage to property
throughout the city.
AFFLICTED ST. LOUIS.
The Denth-Roll Orottfing Daily and the
Heat Continues Xijiing.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 10— This has
been another day of stifling heat, during
which funeral parties passed in a continu
ous stream over the cemetery thorough
fares. The sky was without a cloud, and
the occasional gusts of south wind swept
over the city in furnaceiike waves of heat.
The degrees of temperature registered by
tuermometers bear no relation to the
s'vffering entailed, aa the long
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
siege has left thousands helpless
to withstand even a moderate degree of
heat. Analysis of the death cases to-day
and yesterday show that over half were
stricken four to five days ago. From last
midnight to 9 p. m. fifteen deaths were re
ported within the city limits. The sub
urban towns are in a like situation. The
prostrations are so. numerous that only
those treated at the City Dispensary and
the hospitals are recorded. These number
thirty-four to-day. The local forecast is
for continued clear weather and lower tem
perature to-morrow.
NEW YORK'S AWFUL MORTALITY.
Over a Hundred Deaths in the City and
Adjacent Towns.
NEW YORK. N. V., Aug. 10.— More
persons died of heat in New York to-day
than on Sunday, and that day had sur
passed all previous records.
Hospitals are crowded, and if the faintly
promised relief of cooler weather does not
come to-morrow the list of the dead must
grow.
Forty-six deaths were reported in this
city, over twenty in Brooklyn and over
forty in near-by New Jersey towns. These
are the deaths reported. Those who hid
away to die and those who succumbed in
the heat of the night are not numbered.
DEB VINES' LONG SUFFERING.
Ten Days of Unparalleled Heat and
Oppressiveness.
DES MOINES, lowa, Aug. 10.— The op
pressive heat has now continued at Dcs
Moines for ten days. Hotter single days
than any in tnis period have been frequent,
and in August, 1894. the thermometer
stood as high for an equal period, but on
account of the excess of humidity the
present spell is unparalleled for oppres
siveness. No deaths from heat have oc
curred since Saturday. To-day was cooler,
the maximum temperature being 89 de
grees.
LINCOLS GETS A BREEZE.
High Wind* and Bain in Some Parts of
Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 10. — To-day's
beat was tempered by a good breeze from
the southeast, which materially lessened
the suffering. There were showers during
the morning, and indications^ to-night are
for more rain. Reports from North Cen
tral Nebraska tell of ■ high winds and rain
and some damage done. At Oakland one
man was injured, probably fatally, by a
barn blowing over upon him.
HE AFT SHOWERS AT OMAHA.
Cool the Atmosphere and. Make Existence
Bearable.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 10.— The heavy
sbowers of the past twenty-four hours
cooled the atmosphere quite a bit. Only
one death has been reported from sun
stroke in this vicinity in the last three
days. The weather bureau reported maxi
mum temperature to-day at 89 deg. and
minimum 70. Surface thermometers
ranged about rive degrees higher.
•
Two Vhionns Killed by Lightning.
BANDUbKY, Ohio, Aug. 10.— During a
storm this afternoon John. Thompson and
Jay Leonard of this city were struck by
lightning ana instantly killed. They were
working on a pier being built in the lake
by the Government. Two other men who
were on the pier were rendered uncon
scious by the bolt but will recover.
Cloudburst at Fort Wayne.
FORT WAYNE, Ijjd., Aug. 10.— The in
tense heat which has prevailed here for
the past week was broken at 5 o'clock this
afternoon by a violent downpour of rain,
a veritable cloudburst. Nearly all the
streets were flooded and much damage
was done in the business section by water
in the cellars where goods were stored.
Furious Storm in Michigan.
IONA, Mich., Aug. 10.— Last night's
storm of wind, lightning and rain did
damage in this vicinity estimated at fully
$40,000. Small buildings in all parts of
tbe city were blown over. In the sur
rounding country crops were destroyed,
and farmers are heavy losers.
Another Scorcher at Davenport, lowa.
DAVENPORT, lowa, Aug. 10.— To-day
was another scorcher. There was icarcsly
any breeze and the weather bureau re
ported the temperature 92 at noon; mean
temperature was 82. One death was re
ported from the effects of the heat.
Cyclonic Electrical Storm.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 10.— A severe elec
trical storm passed over Northwestern
Ohio this afternoon, in some places being
of a cyclonic nature. Two persons are
said to have been killed by lightning near
the State line. The storm terminated the
hot spell, and at a time when great mor
tality seemed inevitable.
Fourteen Philadtlphians Succumb. ™
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 10.— The
maximum reached by the Weather Bu
reau thermometer was four degrees lower
than yesterday. The deaths reported
to-day were fourteen and the prostrations
numbered thirty.
Fatal Prostrations at Evansrille.
EVANSVILLE, Im>., Aug. 10. — The
thermometer was not as high Here to-day
as for some days past, going only to 95 in
the shade. Four men were prostrated,
three of whom will die.
Four Fatalities at Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 10.—Ninety
nine degrees was the highest point re
corded by the thermometer here to-day.
There were many prostrations and four
fatalities.
TWO ENGINES TELESCOPED.
One Engineer Killed, the Other and His
Fireman fatally Injured.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Ang. 10.— By the
mistake of either the train-dispatcher or
the man in charge oi the yard target the
recrular passenger train on the Toledo and
Ohio Central Railway, due here at 9:30
r. Jt., was sent into a i.ead-on collision
with a yard engine near the Sandusky
street crossing to-night.
The two engines were completely tele
scoped and the combination baggage-car
and mailcar of the passenger tram was
thrown from the track down a steep bank
and crushed. Charles Vance, the engineer
of the yard engine, was crushed to death.
Charles Culiison, engineer of the passen
ger train, and his fireman, William St.
Clair, were fatally injured. None of the
pass«jnf;ers were injured.
Clara Uarton Goes to Germany.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Tubkst, Aug.
10.— Miss Clara Barton, president of the
Red Cross Society, who for several months
past has been directing the distribution of
reiisf to the suffering Armenians, has
taken her departure from this city for
Germany, where she will be the guest of
the Grand Duchess of Baden. Miss Bar
ton will return to Constantinople and re
sume her work of relief next winter.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 11, 1896.
AN OPEN LETTER
TO THE EDITOR OF "THE MONITOR"
Rev. Peter C, Torke : For months you have caused to be published in the Monitor
affidavits from various persons connecting my name with certain members of the
American Protective Association. At the time the first publication was made I was
confined to my bed and did not see the Monitor. If I had learned of the publication
sooner I would possibly have made immediate answer. Yet I saw no particular
reason why I should rush into print to refute any statement made by such creatures
as Marshall or his kind. The character of the men rendered it quite unnecessary
for me to answer save by my silence. But in the last issue of the Monitor you pub
lished an article to which I desire to reply.
Permit me, dear sir, before proceeding further to express my sincere regret
for being forced to discuss in s public way the statements which induce me to
write this letter. I say this with the hope and belief that all honest men will understand
that I am not indulging in this diacnssion upon my own free will, but that circum
stances have actually forced me to come boldly out and tell what I do know and to
refute once and for all my alleged connection with certain members of the American
Protective Association.
I desire first to speak of one H. F. Marshall, who was for a time employed as a
special reporter on The Call. During the Great Controversy in which you took such
a distinguished part, and which was first and fully published in The Call, Marshall
served as a reporter on that jonrnal, was detailed by my City Editor, Mr. MacMullen,
to interview various parties who were contributing to the controversy on behalf of
your antagonists, and served in a capacity similar to that of Mr. Frank McGuire, a
former editor of the Monitor, at that time employed by The Call, who assisted in
gathering material for publication on behalf of the cause which you espoused. I un
derstand that Marshall claimed to be a theological student, and such portions of his
time as were not occupied in school were devoted to reporting. In view of the develop
ments proving his infamous character, it is to be hoped that no church dedicated to
the service of God will ever be polluted by his presence, or harbor him within its
sacred portals. Personally i did not then know the creature, but later he sought an
interview with me at my business office and asked me to givehim a letter to Mr.
John D. Spreckels, which I declined to do. I told him that if he desired to see Mr.
Spreckels he could doubtless find him at his business office. He insisted upon con
tinuing the conversation, and said, among other things, that he and other leaders of
the American Protecgve Association, mentioning the Rev. Donald M. Ross, one
Woodworth, B. F. Hudeison and a Mr. Owens, desired to make something out of
politics; that they did not propose to give all tbeir time and work for nothing; that
they had concluded to demand $2500 per montn from then until the election in No
vember, and then, if they were successful, they were to ask for $30,000 more.
He called on me a second time and spoke of his power in the order. He said that
he had a letter from B. F. Hudeison giving him full authority to act for the order,
but he did not present any letter to me or explain that it was addressed to me. The
first time I heard or knew that the letter was addressed to me by Hudeison was when
it, or a copy thereof, was offered for sale in an affidavit sworn to by Marshall, and
with which you and the general reader are probably familiar.
It has been charged that I employed Marshall to write the letters in the contro
rersy that were signed by B. F. Hudeison and Major Sherman. That charge is
absolutely false. Marshall was not employed to write the letters, but to procure them
from the writers.
As to that portion of the affidavit of B. F. Hndelson, published in the Monitor of
Saturday last, to the effect that I was to be seen and induced to send Marshall to va
rious Catholic institutions in the State as a spy, I desire to say that I know nothing
of the alleged conference. I never heard of such meeting until reading it in the affi
davit of Hudeison, published in the Monitor, and was never approached, directly or -
indirectly, on the proposition. Assuming that such a meeting or conference was -
held, no member of that meeting or conference ever made such a proposition to me.
I repeat that I never beard of it, directly or indirectly, and I never even imagined that
such a plan or scheme was ever considered, or that it could be supposed that I could
be made the instrument of carrying it into effect.
Sir, you have done me the honor to state publicly that you would believe my word
as against all thr affidavits that coaid be male by auch men as Marshal 1 ., Woodworth,
Ross and their kind. I thank you for that expression of your confidence in my ver
acity and integrity. I therefore now brand each and all of the statements made by
these men in any wise reflecting upon me or my friends, or charging me or them witn,
any moral or political wrongdoing, as absolutely and unqualifiedly false.
I have thus very briefly replied to the charees made against me from time to time.
I have done nothing, said nothing, written nothing that I am not willing that you
and the whole world should know, and if, after reading this letter, yon do not feel
fully satisfied with the facts here given, I shall be most happy to respond to any
questions or to furnish any oral or documentary corroborative evidence which you
may think wise to request. I have the honor to remain, dear sir, yours for religious
and political freedom,
STRANGE DEATH
OF A, H. PYLE.
His Body Found Floating
in the Waters of the
Potomac.
RESIDED IN THIS CITY.
Was the Secretary of the Silver
Party's National Com
mittee.
SUPPOSED CASE OF SUICIDE.
He Had Plenty of Money and Was in
Good Spirits When Last Seen
Alive.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.— The
body of A. H. Pyle of San Francisco, sec
retary of the Silver party's National Com
mittee, was this morning found floating in
the Potomac.
Mr. Pyle was well-known in California,
being a politician of some note, and was
especially prominent as an advocate of
free silver coinage. He was about 35 years
of age and a son of ex-Congressman Pyle
of California.
Youne Pyle came here a week ago with
George P. Keeney, formerly of California,
but latterly of New York. Keeney and
Pyle arrived from St Louis, wbere they
bad attended the National Convention of
the Silter party. They secured quarters
or the National Party Committee at 1420
New York avenue, where Senator Stewart
of Nevada, as one of the publishers of the
Silver Knight, has his editorial sanctum.
Pyle seemed in good spirits and appar
ently had p'enty of money. He was well
dressed and, as far as his acquaintances
here know, had nothing to worry him.
The last time Pyle was seen alive was
last Tuesday night. On Tuesday after
noon the silver people held a big meeting
at Falls Chnrch, Va., five miles from
Washington, across the Potomac Many
prominent Democrats and silver men were
present, among them being Pyle, who was
particularly well pleased at the success of
the meeting.
Mr. Pyie's friends say that he was fond
of gambling and frequently participated
in games of chances. There are several
disreputable gambling resorts immediately
across the fotomac from Washington, not
far from where the body was Aiund, and
as Pyle on Tuesday displayed a large roll
of money It may be that he was a victim
of highway robbery.
No marks were found on his body. It
bad lain in the water so long, however
that it had become black and swollen, and
maries of violence, if there had been any,
would have been hard to discover. The
police are mystified over the affair. They
would suspect foul play but lor the fact
that Pyie's shoes had been removed,
which would seem to point to suicide.
The last few nights in Washington have
been oppressively warm, and the Potomac
has been a great resort for bathers, and it
is possible that Mr. Pyle had attempted a
bath in the river, but the fact that he was
partially clothed contradicts this theory.
The drowned man wore a black diagonal
suit, an undershirt and an outing shirt.
A Bryan campaign button was on the lapel
of his coat. Nothing was found in the
pockets but a memorandum book and a
silver watch bought of a San Francisco
jeweler.
No disposition will be made of the re
mains until George P. Keeney, who is now
in New York, is heard from.
USABLE TO FURNISH BONDS.
Three Members of a Swindling Gang
Languish in Prison. , ,
. CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 10.— William A.
Thomas, John I. Tolman and James F.
McClure, who were arrested Saturday
night, charged with using the mails to de-
Iraud in connection with W. H. McCiure
and Dr. John • Craig, now under arrest at
Seaside : Part, N.J., are still in confine
ment, : having failed to "furnish the $2500
bonds required of each. Their examina
tion is set for Friday next. r. » j • - 1
Thomas and McClure; both declare that
the charges are blackmail, actuated by a
desire for revenge on the part of Gunther,
an advertising agent,; of ; Chicago, and:
Fred Bonfitz, a Kansas City lottery agent.
The Civic : Federation officers,' however, as
well as the" postal | inspectors, have j been
working in conjunction on the case for the
past six months to effect the conviction of
the prisoners and break up what, they de
clare to be "the greatest swindling scheme
in years.". " '•'■• - i :-:^ fi . " ' ■•' •--*■- \
♦
Air John MillttW Condition Critical.
.'} LONDON, Esq., Aug. 10.— The condition
of Sir John Millals, president of the Royal
Academy, is extremely critical. ; .
*
The San Franci'CO at Smyrna.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Town*., Aug.
I II. — The United States cruiser San Fran
-1 cisco arrived at Smyrna on August 4.
GENERAL GRANT
FAVORED GOLD,
His Son Has So Informed
Attorney-General
Ketcham.
THE COINAGE ACT OF 73
Why It Was Signed by the
Great Conqueror of the
Confederacy.
DESIRED A STABLE STANDARD
Denial of the Story About a Mistake
in Signing the Law of Twenty
Tears Ago.
INDIANAPOLIS, link, Aug. 10.-At
torney-General Ketcham to-day made
public a letter from Frederick Grant, in
reply to a request for information in
which he says:
My Dear Sir: Acknowledging receipt of
your communication of August 4, in
which you ask me as to the truth of a
statement which is and has been for years
going the rounds, to the effect thai my
father. General Grant, at one time said tbat
he did not know when he signed the coin
age act of '73 that the silyer dollar was drop
ped from coinage and that if he bad known
tbat fact be would have vetoed the bill,
I hasten to reply that I frequently talked
with my father upon the question of
standards of currency and never beard
him intimate any such sentiment as is
credited to him above. 1 can only say
that he never intimated such a statement
to me. In all bis conversations with me
he seemed to take the ground tbat it
was a great misfortune for any country to
have as the basis of its circulating medium
any metal tbat had the least element of
uncertainty about it. From the time that
he was inaugurated President until the re
sumption of the specie payment act was
passed all his public announcements and,
so far as I know, all his private statements
were aimed to secure a stable currency to
the people of the United States. The
coinage act of 1873 does not eliminate the
silver dollar from our coinage. In fact the
United States has coined since then more
silver than had been coined during the en
tire period of our National existence before
and most of this coinage was made during
his lifetime. It is therefore not probable
that General Grant ever said that he would
have vetoed the act of 1873 if he had known
that tne silver dollar was to be dropped
from the coinage, and I would not believe
any one who said that he heard my father
make such a remark.
MARK BANNA IN CHICAGO.
Perfecting the Republican Plan of Cam-
pniijn in the West.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 10. — The chief
event in Republican circles to-day was the
arrival of Chairman Hanna. He came in
at 7:26 a. m. and spent a very busy day,
even doing some night work in the heat
of his room at headquarters. Mr. Hanna
said there would be no Western National
treasurer, but merely an assistant to Mr.
Bliss. The matter of funds and method of
handling them will be considered during
the week by Mr. Hanna and his colleagues.
Messrs. Dawes, Durbin and Payne were
the committeemen who kept close to Mr.
Hanna during the deliberations at head
quarters, while National Committeemen
Hubbard of Minnesota and Jamieson of
Illinois were in and out in an advisory
capacity. Messrs. Babcock and Hall of
the Republican Congressional Campaign
Committee, Max Pract, chairman of the
Oregon State Committee; Colonel A. T.
Bliss, recent candidate for Governor of
Michigan; and Mrs. J. Eilen Foster were
among those who had interviews with the
campaign committee.
To a reporter for the United Associated
Presses Mr. Hanna said: "I shall be here
the whole week and there will be confer
ences of the committee every day. To-day
we have been going over the details of or
ganization in the West. The reports from
the Western States made to me are about
what I expect. There is going to be a
bard contest, but I bang my faith as to
the result on the intelligence and integrity
of tbe American people. Ido not think
tbe Republican party is losing anything
as time eoes on. I find the educational
work that is being done entirely satisfac
tory. There is no growth of the free-coin
age sentiment in the Eastern States. The
condition in tbe South is unique. Ido
not think a man can tell how the South
ern States will go. We have as good a
chance to carry Texas as Michigan. Party
lines do not seem to cut much of a figure.
The workingmen of the East talk to me
this way:
" 'The money we've got is good enough
for us. What we want is a cnance to earn
it.' They want protection to be made the
issue. I am surprised that so little has
been said in the granger States about reci
piocity. It is goins? to be brought for
ward later. It is nearer the hearts of the
farmers than silver."
H. H. Rand, in charge of printing con
tracts, was prostrated by heat this morn
ing and removed to his hotel.
The executive committee decided tbat it
would not buy any of the hundreds of
magazines, illustrated papers or books
which nave been urged on the literary
bureau.
BRYAN AND NEBRASKA
Prominent Politicians Think the Man
Cannot Carry the State.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 10.— Frank H.
Wilson of Plattsmouth, Nebr., was at the
Clifton House. Wilson is conntcted with
the Insurance Department of Nebraska
and is a lifelong Republican.
"In my opinion," said Wilson, "Ne
braska will give McKinley a majority of
about 10.000. We shall carry Bryan's
Congressional district, the First, by a ma
jority of 4000 and will have a larger
majority in the Second District. The
Democratic - Populist combination will
carry tne Fifth and Sixth districts, while
the Third and Fourth are doubtful. The
normal Republican plurality in the State
is something like 20.000, so that a conces
sion is made to Bryan's conceded personal
popularity in making the above estimate.
"Business calls me to Lincoln a great
deal, and I know Bryan well. He is a man
of tine education and such marked ability
that I am convinced that, whatever may
be the result of the present campaign,
Bryan will be generally recognized, ten
years hence, as the greatest statesman of
the country. In spite of having formed
this estimate of the man, I shall not vote
for him, as I don't indorse his political
views, lam of the opinion tbat Bryan
will probably carry the city of Lincoln,
but he will be beaten in the County of
Lancaster, in which Lincoln is located, by
a plurality of 15C0. The normal Republi
can plurality in this county is from 1800 to
2400.
"One factor which may affect the result
in Nebraska is the enmity which some of
the Populist leaders feel for Bryan. In
fact, I know some of them will take tbe
stump a.ainst him and he will lose from
10 to 15 per cent of the Populist vote of the
State. This enmity is the result of com
plications in regard to the past Congres
sional elections, when certain Populist
candidates were defeated by his advice. I
am confident that McKinlty will receive
the electoral vote of Kansas."
DEMOCRATIC GAINS IN ALABAMA.
A Majority of Fifty- Mne on Joint Hallo!
'.''"' secured. '
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. 10.— The
returns, of the State election, officially
canvassed. Saturday, subject to minor
changes, show that the Democrats carried
42 counties and the Populist 3 26. The
Populists in 1894 carried 38 counties. The
net Democratic gain is 9 counties. The
Democrats carried 11 Populist counties
and lost 2 Democratic J counties.^John
stone's majorities foot up 51,753 Good
win's, 98& I. Johnstone's net majority is
41,889, which is an increase over the Demo
cratic majority, in 1894 of 14,307. '
*• The lower house : stands 71 Democrats.
21 Populists and • 2 Republicans, with 3
contests, giving a net Democratic majority
of 48, as against 30 in the last house. In
the Senate there will ?be 22 Democrats, 10
Populists and 1 : Republican, giving the
Democrats a majority of 11, as against 15
in 1894. The Democratic majority on
joint ballot will be 59. as against 49 in
1894. - The Democratic caucus will be con
trolled by silverites.
Senator Sherman'* Share.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 11.— General
Clayton received a letter to-day from Sen
ator Sherman, in which the latter stated
that he was very desirous of doing all in
bis power to promote the election of the
Republican ticket, but feared that Ms
physical strength would not admit of ex
tending his trips outside of his own State.
Senator Sherman will speak in Columbus
next Saturday, August 15, with Senator
el*ct Foraker, and ia Cincinnati on
Wednesday, August 19.
CE FIVE CENTS.
RIVALRY AT
THE FEST,
Athletic Turners Meet in
Friendly Competition
for Honors.
ALPEN WINS WITH FOIL
AND SABER.
Wrestlers, Runners and Swim
mers Test Their Strength
and Endurance.
SAN FRANCISCANS FAB IN THE
LEAD
With Music and the Dance the Merry
Germans Conclude a Day of
Pleasure.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 10.— A Jo!-
Her and at the same time more earnest
crowd than spent the day under the trees
and on the athletic field out at the Russell
tract, under the friendly shadow of Tripe
Hill, never attended a Turnfest of the
Pacific Coast Bezirk. The great part ol
the crowd that was on pleasure bent had
it to the fill, for there were dancing and
driving and refreshments. Occasionally
the gymnastic leaders and the many Turn
ers competing in various classes and con
tests would take a few minutes away from
physical exercises, and with glass in hand
sing a chorus in the shade in the hearty
manner peculiar to the Turnfest, and then
go hack to work and athletics again.
The programme was varied to-day in
another particular, for to-morrow the
scene changes from Tripe Hill to the beach
and this was the last day at the hill. Many
friendly groups had their pictures taken
under the trees or on the hillside, and a
local photographer had about all he could
do all day.
Tripe Mill is a Santa Ctuz landmark of
some renown. When they look upon it
the people recall a noted battle ol State
troops which took place there a number of
years ago with loud shouts, a great dis
play of courage and several hundred
rounds of blank cartridges.
The day's exercises opened with an early
morning parade to the grounds. Presi
dent Walti and the band led the way. Im
this morning's parade the ladies were con
spicuous for their absence. They were in
ail probability saving themselves for the
ball in the carnival pavilion to-night.
The band gave a forenoon concert on the
grounds, and the Turners had things pretty
much their own way and plenty of room
in which to exercise, for the spectators
from town did not begin to arrive until
after the noon hour.
The field exercises consisted of pole
jumping, distance jumping, hop step and
jump, distance high jumping, footracing,
wrestling, rope climbing, lifting heavy
weights, throwing 16-pound shots, Indian
club-swinging and fencing. The fencing
took place on the dancing platform and
its canopy was waving boughs. The day
was delightful. There was not enough
breeze to dispel the beat.
The fencing made a very picturesque
scene with its framework of trees and
spectators, and the competitors bandied
the foils with a skill and vigor that sug
gested a duel. The fencers moved up and
down a line of resin with graceful agility.
They were frequently applauded. The
Jadies evinced a marked interest in the
fencing. H. M. Aipen of San Francisco
Turn Verein won first prize in the foil
and saber fencing. John Hoops of the
San Francisco Turn Verein was second in
the foil fencing and Edward Saalbach of
the San Francisco Turn Verein won second
prize in the saber contest.
The Indian club-swinging took place on
the dancing platform, the swinging of the
clubs being timed to music by the band.
H. M. Alpen of San Francisco Turn Vereia
was the first to appear. A prettier or
more perfect exhibition of this graceful
exercise has seldom, if ever, been seen off
the professional stage. Mr. Alpen swung
the clubs for five minutes and when ha
retired amid the greatest applause nobody
would appear against him. He had it all
his own way and of course took first prize.
Other contests tliat attracted a very
large crowd were the wrestling matches.
The gladiators struggled on a floor of taa
bark, which they declared made an ad
mirable bed on which to wrestle. The
principal contest was between H. Hilde
brand, 178 pounds, and T. Baumgartner,
162 pounds. It was 2atch-as-catch-can,
and was sufficiently c!o«e and lively to
cause considerable excitement. Finally
Hiidebrand ended the twenty-minute bout
hy getting a half -Nelson and turning
Baumgartner over, with both shoulders
down.
The 300 yards' swimming match was
postponed until this afternoon on account
of the coldness of the water and the fog.
Some of the swimmers said they were
afraid they might run ashore, like the
steamer St. Paul at Monterey, on the other
side of the bay. The match took place in
the afternoon at the beach. Of the half
dozen entries. Gus Palanca of the San
Francisco Vorwarts came in first, and Wil
liam Kaiser of the same society was a
good second. There were about 1000 spec
tators on the beach. Many viewed the
match in bathing suits from the surl and
from the raft lying some hundreds bl
yards out in the deep blue sea.
The 100-yard run at the foot of the hill
developed some good time, considering
the fact that the course was an uneven
wagon road across a stubole-neld. The
course ran across the range of the rifle*
shooting, which was discontinued for the
time being. F. Hoffman made the best
time, 11 1-5 seconds, and W. Bart took
second prize with 11 2-5 seconds to hi*
credit.
The stragglers who remained on the
grounds after everybody else had left wit
nessed a great wrestling contest. It wa»2
Pole-Vaulting Contests of the Turners at Santa Cruz.
[Sketched on the grounds by a "Call" artist yesterday.]
between C. Steinbeck of Oakland and A.
Noethig of the Mission Verein, catch-as
catch-can style.
They wrestled on the tan bark for fully
an hour without either petting a fall.
Each man was spurred on by the plaudits
of his personal friends, but they were so
evenly matched that they had to settle it
another way. They tossed up and Stein
beck won.
The ball at the carnival pavilion to
night was a fitting climax to the two days'
sports. It was a grand aftair. The vast
floor was crowded with dancers, including
many summer boarders at the hotels. The
dancing began about 9:30 o'clock, and con
tinued until about 2 o'clock in the morn
ing. There were as many as 250 couples on
the floor ai one time.
At midnight-there was an intermission,
during which the athletes who had com
peted in the various contests during the
last two days were chiefly interested. The
results were announced from the plat
form, and the announcements were en
thusiastically applauded.
The winner of each first prize was pre
sented with a laurel wreath or a bou
quet by a young lady of the Santa Cruz
Turn Yerein, and he was permitted to kiss |
the fair donor. The . method used by the
committee of judges was to take the per
'cent made by eacli man in each contest
and make an average of the whole.
The results of the contests are as fol
lows, San Francisco Turn Vereins leading
in nearly all the groups and classes:
j Third group— F. Becker,. Eintracht, 64 10-12;
A. Kuenzi, tintracht, 64 1-6; H. Alpen, San
Francisco. 63%; W. Hoffman, San Francisco,
60 1-6; F. HauMuan. San Francisco, 58%; John
Schmid, San Francisco, 57 7-12; J. Hotop,
Kintracht, 55. E. Fleischer, San Francisco,
55; H. Meyer, san Francisco, 52 11-12.
. Second group— X. Moll, Mission, 63 5-6; E.
Saalbacb, San Francisco, 63l 2 ; 8. Ryan, Sacra
mento, 62; F. Hoffman, San Francisco,
615-12; L. Frank, San Francisco, 61%; S.
Bteffens, Eintracht, 61; F. Graf. Eintracht,
59J-.;; A. Volkman, Eintracht, 59 1-6;
W. Barth, Eintrachi, 58}^; T. Planz,
San Francisco, 58; J. Vermehren, Mission,
58: L. Schenpler, Eintracht, 55 5-6; C. Adams,
Jiintracht, 54.;, W. Stager, San Francisco,
53 3-12; F. Doen, San Jose, 52J.£; H. Conrad,
Eintracht, 51>3 , C. Binder, Eintracht, 50%;
L. Peck, Eintracht, sO'£. . --
First group— F. Koster, San Francisco,
65 11-12; John Hops. San Francisco, 64'^; A.
Renoe, Oakland. 9-12; J. Gueterslor, San
Francisco, 62 9-12; L. Haehlen, San Jose,
62%; Frank Krause, San Francisco, 62%; L.
Doerr, San Jose. 62; W. Heinicke, JEin
tracht, 6110-12; John Will, Oakland,
611-6; Ernst Tietze, Vorwaeris, 6011-12;
F. Frauzer, San Francisco, 59 7-12;
F. Schafle, ban Jose, and Charles Zarcone. San
Jose, tie at 58 10-12; F. Ast, Mission, 58 5-12;
W. Castro, .San Jose, 58 5-12; C. Steinbeck,
Oakland. 58 3-12; F. .Long, Mission, 58 1-12;
Julius Bauingartuer, Oakland, 56; H. Vea
tal, San Jose, 54 5-12; E. Kreuz, Mission,
54 4-12; Herman Steinbrick, Mission, 53 1-2:
M. Wallenstein, San Francisco, Henry Behrens,
Eintracht, and H. Stehlin, San Francisco, tied
at 519-12; H. Overman, Mission, 514-12;
Henry Koenig. Oakland, 51 2-12; William
Garms, Mission, 1-12; Ike Korn, Oakland,
50 11-12; W. Rlngk, Oakland, 50 10-12; Mar
tin lluber, Eintracht, 50 9-12.
The third group ranks the highest, and
the first six from San Francisco rank as
the best all-round team in the various con
tests of the Turnfest. They are: H. Al
pen, W. Hoffman, H. Hausman, John
Schmid, E. Fleischer and H. Meyer. They
won the first prize.
All the prizes are diplomas, except that
the winners of first prizes were decorated
in addition with laurel wreaths.
In the second group the contesting
teams rank in the following order: San
Francisco Turn Verein, Eintracht class
A and Mission Eintracht class B.
The San Francisco team again carried
off the honors in the first grade, with San
Jose second, Oakland third, Mission
fourth, Eintracht fifth and Santa Cruz
sixth.
For all-round apparatus gymnastics
prizes were awarded as follows:
Third grade— First, P. Becker. Eintracht;
second, W. Hoffman; C. Jacobs, H. Meyer and
John Schmid, all of San Francisco, were tied
for third place.
Second grade— First, L. Frank, San Francisco;
second, R.,2J011, Mission.
First g/ade— First, E. Rehor and C. Stein
beck of Oakland; second, L. Haehlen, San
Jose.
Field axercises, third grade— First, A. Kuenzi,
Eintracht; second, H. Alpen, San Francisco.
Second grade — First, W. Barth, Mission;
second, W. Hoffman, San Francisco.
Third grade— F. Hoffman, San Fran-
Cisco; second, R. Moll. Mission, -
The time of Gus Palanca, the winner in .
the 300-yara swimming match, was offi
cially announced as 5 4-5 minutes.
Wrestling, first class— First, F. Hauser, Mis
sion; second, H. Miller, San Francisco; third,
A. Brehm, San Francisco.
Second class— First, A. Schoppert, Mission.
Third class— First, C. Ellesberger, Eintracht.
Heavy-weight class— First, John Will, Oak
land; second, G. Hildebrand, San Francisco.
Light-weight class— First, John Schmid, San
Francisco; second, H. Haustem, Eintracht.
Middle-weight class— First, F. Hoffman, San
Francisco; C. Stcmbach, Oakland; third, A.
Voetting, Mission.
In the essay contest the first prize was
awarded to "E. S.", the anonymous author
of the essay entitled, "Would the family
life suffer if women were admitted to the
Turn Verein on pqual terms with men?'*
and the second prize was won by A. Back
statt of San Francisco.
The winners in the free-for-all prize
shoot are:
J. Utschig, first prize, total 90 points, $25.
F. ottlnger, second prize, total 86. $20.
J. C. Hubbach, third prize, total 85, $15.
Mr. McMillan, fourth prize, total 84, $10.
G. Keffel, fifth prize, total 83, $8.
John Riechers, sixth prize, total 77, $6.
• K. Klein, seventh prize, total 72, $5.
J. Thierbach, eighth prize, total 71, $5.
"H. Tietjen, ninth prize, total 70, $4.
E. S. Austin, tenth prize, total 69, $3..
J. Straub, eleventh prize, total 69, $3.
F. Schumacher, twelfth prize, total 65, $2 50.
S. Lang, thirteenth prize, total 64, $2 50.
J. Lang, fourteenth prize, total 58. $2.
Dr. Ulrich, fifteenth prize, total 53, $2.
Lizzie Utschig, sixteenth prize, total 44, :
$1 50. . . - , . ,- „
F. Scholl, seventeenth prize, total 35, $1 50.
F. R. Walti, eighteenth prize, total 28, $1.
: J. A. Snell, nineteenth prize, total 19, SI.
Mr. Leu nan, twentieth prize, total 14, $1.
K. Lennan, twenty-first prize, . total 11, $1
and card-receiver from EdKadke.
First bullseye Sunday morning —
. $1. ■ • ■ .. '-'■■'- ..-.:■■.
Last bullseye Sunday morning— J. Utschig,
$I. - .... '■ . ... ■ ■ -"■■•■'.!:
*" ir «l bullseye Sunday after a Klein, $1.
Last bullseye Sunday afternoon— L. Thier
bach, $1.
First bullssye Monday morning—McMil
! lan,sl.
Last bullseye Monday afternoon— F. Ottin
ger, $1.
To-morrow's programme consists of ex
cursions to various surrounding points of
interest. The chief interest centers in the
grand prize lance tournament, which will
take place in open boats on the bay in the
afternoon. The programme in detail is as
follows:
At 8 A. m., excursions to Capitola, Big
I Trees, cliff*, Santa Cruz Winery and other
i places of interest. At 4p. m., grand
prize lance tournament in boats in the
bay of Monterey. The winner will receive
$20. At Bp. m., concert and fireworks on
the beach. At 9p. M., grand prize swim
ming exhibition in the plunge baths; only
amateurs admitted. At 10 P. M., grand
ball to Dolphin Pavilion.
RETURNS TO SAN BERNARDINO.
Thomas Prendeville Comes Back to Serve
a Sentence Pronounced Over
Two Years Ago.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 10.—
Thomas Prendeville, a former Deputy
Sheriff under Dr. Booth, who was ar
rested, convicted and sentenced to ten
months in jail in this city two years Bgo
for contempt of court, in disobeying the
order of Judge Ross restraining him from
interfering with the United States mails
at Barstow, has now returned to this city
to serve his term of imprisonment.
Prendeville was freed on his own recog
nizance and took that opportunity to flee.
He has been absent over two years. He
became very tired of having this judg
ment over his head, and so came to San
Bernardino and gave himself up to Deputy
United States Marshal Pourade. He then
went to Los Angeles, and will return to
the county jail to-nieht. Arrangements
are being made to secure his pardon from
the President, who is the only official who
can free him. He has a wife and family
in this city in very poor circumstances
and Prendeville wishes to be released to
provide for them.
CROSSES THE SAN JOAQUIN.
A San Jonquin Valley Railway Train
Enters fresno County.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 10.— Earlier by
two days than was expected, rails were
laid across the Valley road bridge over the
San Joaquin River to-day, and a train of
the new road was upon Fresno County
ground for the first time. The tracklayers
had been waiting at the bridge for three
days, and work on that structure was
pushed rapirily in order that they might
be delayed as little as possible. At noon
the bridge was completed, and the track
layers immediately commenced work.
They will be in Fresno by Saturday even
ing.
Tancourer Mongol Buried Alive.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. ±o.— The
body of a well-to-do Mongolian, who had
been buried without a doctor's permit
several days ago, was afterward exhumed
by a society to which deceased had be
longed, for the purpose of shipping the
corpse to China. Caretaker Thomas of the
cemetery, who was present when the
grave was opened, says that there were
startling indications that the Chinaman
was buried alive. The body was lying on
its side, in a very unnatural position, with
its knees drawn up to its chin, and there
was other ghastly evidence that a terrible
struggle had taken place in an attempt to
force the screws of the coffin-lid. The
body was shipped to China without any
investigation by the authorities.
AMERICANS MISTREATED,
United States Citizens Harassed
by Spanish Soldiers in
Cuba.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 10.— Advices
•eceived from Havana state that the
Spanish authorities are making life un
searable for Americans on the island,
fhey are hounded by Spanish spies and
;heir homes searched on the slightest pre
ext.
The latest outrage was committed last
Chursday in the city of Puerto Principe,
when the residences of several Americans
vere searched by Spanish soldiers. The
soldiers claimed to be in quest of arms
md compromising documents. The
search was conducted in the most bru
;al manner, furniture being destroyed,
md the contents of trunks and wardrobes
Deing scattered. Nothing of an in
sriminating nature was found, save in a
room occupied by a Cuban woman ser
vant and her two little girls. The motb
:r had a revolver and the little girls had
:orrespondence addressed to the chiefs of
;he Cuban Government at Cubitas. The
mother and girls were hurried off to prison
19 spies and Weyler has ordered them
:ourt-martiaied.
Recently many young men have been
caving Puerto Princirje to join the insur
gents. The last party to leave was discov
:red by Spaniards, and three of them,
\liredo Adan, Miguel Nunez and
Augustine Torres were captured. They
were DromptJy court-martialed and sen
enced to be shot. Torres claims to be an
imerican citizen, and at his trial pro
ested aeainst the summary methods of
he Spaniards. His protest was unheeded
md he will be executed unless the United
states interferes.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
BRYAN'S TRIP
TO NEW YORK,
Incidents of the Journey
Through Indiana
and Ohio.
GREETED BY MANY MEN
Speechmaking From the Rear
Platform of a Railroad
Train.
NO REST FOR THE NOMINEE
Remarks of the "Boy Orator of the
Platte" at Different Stopping
Places.
VAX WEKT, Ohio, Aug. 10.— William
Jennings Bryan was at work early this
morning. In fact.he had hardly left off
handshaking after leaving Chicago before
he began it again. He did not get much
sleep last night. People were waiting for
him between daylight and dawn, aud al
though he went to his berth shortly after
midnight he was routed out between 1
and 2 o'clock to see a crowd at Valparaiso,
Ind. Valparaiso was reached at 1:35
o'clock. Mr. Bryan was lying in his berth,
when Hon. J. C. Keren, a member of the
Indiana Legislature, routed him out. He
made a hasty toilet and went oat on the
platform, where he was again cheered.
The crowd wanted a speech, but Mr. Bryan
told them that he could not talk at that
hour of the morning.
Columbia was' reached at 4:40 o'clock
and another crowd was present. There
was no lack of enthusiasm because of the
early hour.
At Forf Wayne more than 1000 people
were waiting for the Bryan train when it
arrived at 5:35 o'clock. Mr. Bryan had
fully dressed by this time. The gathering
was bent on a speech, but it did not get
any words from the young orator, except
a remark about promising that he would
not speak tbat early in the morning. The
people rushed forward to shake hands,
and during the seventeen minutes' stop
both arms of the nominee were worked in
cessantly.
Monroeville, Ind., turned out a large
sized crowd, which cheered vociferously,
and then the train crossed into Ohio. The
first slop made in juajor McKinley's State
was at Diion, reached at 6:20 o'clock.
People were lined by the hundreds along
the streets of Van Wert when the train
reached- there at 6:45. An audience of
fully 1000 greeted Mr. Bryan. Cries of
"speech" went up, but Mr. Bryan said he
really could not comply with the request.
A serious' panic was narrowly averted at
Delphos. when the train reached there at
7:13. The crowd was large. Mr. Bryan
had stepped to the platform of his car and
just as the explanation tbat tie could not
make a speech was finished, the porch of a
store directly in front of the train and
about twenty feet distant from where he
was standing, gave *»ay with a crash, car
rying with it more than iOO people. The
shrieks of those who had been tumbled
into the cellar beneath the porch and the
frantic eagerness of others to get away,
started a mad, panicky rush. "Stand
still, don't move!" cried Mr. Bryan and
others on the train, and their words
brought the frightened people to them
selves.
Nobody was hurt in the cave-in. When
this was told Mr. Bryan, he remarked to
the crowd, "If you would get on our
platform it would not fall down." A
laugh followed and the people recovered
enough from their fright to cheer the
nominee as the train moved off.
In addition to the score of newspaper
correspondents who are on the Biyan
train, Mr. Bryan is being accompanied to
New York by Thomas Gahan, National
Committeeman from Ulinoi3, Judge Wil
liam Prentiss of Chicago, J. G. Johnson,
National Committeeman from Kansas,
and John A. Creighton, National Com
mitteeman from Nebraska.
Lima was reached at 7:45. There were
1500 people waiting for the train. The
demonstrations were enthusiastic in the
extreme. People spent the first few min
utes after Mr. Bryan came to the platform
in cheering him and then shook his hand
vigorously. Mrs. Bryan made her first
appearance of the day and stood by her
husband's side. The people "were so busy
shaking hands that they forgot to ask for
the usual speech, until just as the train
was moving off. State Central Committee
man Durbin of Kenton joined the party
at Lima and asked Mr. Bryan to make a
speech at Ada, which he promised tc do.
There was a large gathering at Ada,
nearly 1000 people in all. The cheering
for Mr. Bryan was very hearty, and he
and Mrs. Bryan were subjected to a severe
handshaking ordeal for several minutes.
After an introduction by Professor Lehr
of the Ada Normal School Mr. Bryan
said :
Ladies and Gentlemen: I cannot withstand
the temptation to say a word here.- Professor
Lehr is one of the original Bryan men. When
I was here a year ago he was a Bryan man. I
remember with a great deal of pleasure this
city, and the students of the university, and I
hope that they will become students of the
money question and be prepared to taKe their
part in this fight. [Loud cheeri. ]
At Dunkirk Mr. Bryan talked briefly,
being introduced by Chairman Durbin,
chairman of the State Central Democratic
Committee.
Crestline, the next stop, was made at
10:30. Bryan's car was here switched to
the rear end of the train, and the danger
of the crowds that gathered to see and
hear him being pressed under the
wheels was obviated. Crestline's wel
come was noisy. Under the escort of P.
W. Poole, Mr. Bryan was conveyed to a
temporary platform near the station. Mr.
Poole introduced him and he spoke as
follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen: I would not be sur
prised to find such an audience as this in
T^ebraska, but I can hardly realize tuat such a
one is assembled in the State which has the
honor to contain the residence of my oppo
nent. [Laughter and great cheering.] I must
conclude from the enthusiasm which has been
manifested ever since we crossed the line into
Ohio that Ohio has had so many Presidents
that you have decided that you can spare one
now. [Laughter and cheers.] It is generous
of you, and I will promise you that if I am liv
ing when Nebraska has had as many as Ohio I
will come back to you and return the compli
ment by helping you to elect an Ohio man,
provided an Ohio man be in favor of a finan
cial policy by the American people lor the
American people. [Loud cheering.] Un
less I mistake the character of the
compliment, people among whom we
live wili never support a candidate for the
Presidency who will continue the policy of
mortgaging the American people to foreign
syndicates, when 70,000,000 of people stand
ready to protect the treasury of the United
States. [Cheers.] I thank you for this oppor
tunity of greeting so many of your people. I
am gratified at the interest which yon are tak
iug in this campaign. I want you to realize
that in this contest we have an issue which ap
peals to every man, woman and child in the
land. Aye, more than that, upon the decision
of the United States may turn the financial
policy of the world. Not only in America, but
all over the world, the toiling masses are look
ing for relief to tnat Nation whicn ought
to stand foremost in every great reform. We
have an opportunity wnich comes to few gen
erations, but that opportunity brings with it its
responsibilities. The policy advocated by our
opponents is a continuation of the gold-stand
ard policy which they dare not defend; the
continuation policy, until foreign nations will
help us to help ourselves. [Cheers.] If the
gold standard is a good thing, I ask you why
did not the Republican party at St. Louis de
clare that the gold standard should be main
tained permanently? And if the gold stand
ard is a bad thing, why was it so cowardly as
to say to the American people: 'You should
submit to a bad thing until foreign people, po
tentates and powers come to the relief of a
suffering people.' [Cheers.] Put these two
questions to our opponents and you drive them
from the battlefield. The first is, if the gold
standard is good, why not keep it? and if bad,
why should we keep it for a single moment?
[Great cheering.] I thank you for your atten
tion.
At Upper Sandusky, Ohio, 3000 people
had assembled. Congressman Hare,
standing beside Mr. Bryan, managed to
secure silence long enough to present the
nominee, and when the cheering that fol
lowed had subsided Mr. Bryan made a
a few remarks in a husky voice which
told of the strain of the past few days.
An elderly man jumped on the steps be
side Mr. Bryan and shouted that he was
afraid the country would be flooded witn
silver if the Democratic ticket was elected.
His remarks were heard by the crowd and
Mr. Bryan turned quickly to his audience
and said: "If any of you are afraid of
a flood of money I want you to vote the
other ticket." This caused cheers. "You
know," he continued, "there are a great
many people who have lived in a draught
so long that they are afraid of a flood."
The cheers that went up were loud and
prolonged.
During the speech at Crestline some ex
citement was caused by an attempt to
steal a diamond shirt-stud from John A.
Creighton, the millionaire banker of
Omaha, who is accompanying Mr. Bryan
to New York. Colonel Creighton was too
quick, however, and made a grab at the
thief, who was finally captured.
Just before the train pulled out Judge
Meredith of Shelby came up to Mr. Bryan
and said: "I shook hands with Jackson
and came to shake hands with another
Jackson."
A reception of great enthusiasm was
given the Nebraska orator at Mansfield,
the borne of Senator John Sherman. The
crowd was large and full of a desire to
cheer. Several thousand people were
packed around a stand erected close to the
railroad tracks.
The Democratic candidate, his collar
, wilted, a handkerchief around his neck,
soaked with perspiration and looking alto
gether very warm, was presented to the
congregation by James P. Seward, a promi
nent lawyer, "and chairman of the citi
zens' reception committee. A wild hurrah
went up and then Mr. Bryan said:
Ladies and gentlemen: I esteem it a privi
lege to stand in the home of the Senator who
is more responsible for the present financial
policy of this country than any living man in
it. [Great cheers.] I beg you, without de
tracting from his high honors and from his
personul worth, to consider the financial pol
icy presented by the Democratic platform and
decide for yourselves whether our policy is
better for you and for your own interests than
the policy so ably supported by your towns
if we present to yon that which Is good we beg
you to accept it, even though it is opposed
by those who live among you. We
have people in our State who be
lieve Senator Sherman's policy is the
wisest one; but I believe that the American
people will decide that the United States is
strong enough to legislate for its own people
on every question without asking the consent
of any other nation on earth. [Cheeiiug.] I
thank you for this vast assemblage here, and
I beg you u> realize the duties which rest upon
American xitizens. There are some who be
lieve that only in times of war can people
prove their patriotism. I was too young to
prove my patriotism in the time of war. but I
glory that in acountiy like this every year
presents a battlefield and every day gives
those who live in the country an opportunity
to prove their devotion, and in the campaign
upon which we are now entering, which in
my judgment is a repetition of the campaign of
1776, there is an opportunity to prove whether
you are patriots or tories. [Loud cheers.]
Mr. Bryan returned to the train and
shoofc hands with many people before it
left.
There were cries for Bland as well a? for
Bryan at Wooster, where the two arrived
at "12:35 p. m. It was evident that the
Bryan sentiment in the several hundred
people there was predominant. Mr. Bryan
responded to the emotional expressions of
of the crowd in a few sentences. He was
cheered, and then the cries for the veteran
silver champion were renewed until Mr.
Bryan explained that Mr. Bland had gone
ahead but that Hon. L. E. Holden, whom
many of them knew, was on the train and
had been so frequently taken for Bland
that he would present him. The people
wanted to cheer somebody so they cheered
Mr. Holden.
Foremost in the crowd at Orrville, num
bering about 300. was Carl Browne, chief
marshal of Coxey's disbanded army, who
is living in a tent at Massillon. Mr.
Bryan was in the dining car when the
train reached there, and, napkin in hand,
came to the door and was loudly cheered.
He started to speak, but the train began
to move and the effort was lost.
Massillon was reached at 1:25 o'clock.
A great crowd gathered at the end of the
railway trestle. The old flag of the Com
monweal army that was carried from Mas
sillon to Washington was displayed with
a new inscription, "Bryan can stay on
Coxey's grass." In response to loud de
mands for a speech Mr. Bryan made a
short address, while Carl Browne dis
tributed pictures of the Democratic nomi
nee to the crowd. The train's departure
cut the speech short.
AT MAJOR McKINLEY'S HOME.
The Democratic Xomlnee Well Received
by the Residents of Canton.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 10.— The morning
trains carried many passengers to this
city, all bent on seeing Bryan. The local
committee was early astir and nothing
was left undone to make the reception,
however short it might be, a most en
thusiastic one. Two cars loaded with
of the Pittsburg citizens' recep
tion committee came in from the Smoky
City shortly before noon. Delegations
were also present from all near-by towns
and cities. These, with the local en
thusiasts, formed a parade and marched
to the depot, where almost every voter in
Canton — Republican, Democrat and Pop
ulist — had assembled. Every available
piece of vantage ground was taken. When
Bryan's train hove in sight there was
great cheering and confused yells of "Hur
rah for McKinley !" and "Hurrah for
Bryan !" Several'McKinley banners were
displayed.
It was necessary to switch Bryan's car
through the railroad yards in order to
attach the special car of the Pittsburg
reception committee. While this was be
ing done Mr. and Mrs. Bryan mounted a
flat car in front of the depot. Mayor
Rice of Canton, chairman of the reception
committee, introduced Mr. Bryan as the
man who represents the American people
better than any man who ever became a
candidate for the Presidency. The Demo
cratic nominee was greeted with areat
cheering. Hats were thrown into the air
and the enthusiasm of the crowd was man
ifested in tverv conceivable way.
Bryan's reierences to McKinley were
greeted with enthusiasm, and each time
he referred to the Major there were yells
of "Hurrah for McKinley."
Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen: When
I received notice a short time ago of the or
ganization of a silver club in this city I little
imagined the tremendous sentiment which
seems to be behind that club.
I am glad to meet those of this city, the
home of my distinguished opponent, and glad
to testify to his high character and personal
worth. [Great applause and cheering.] 1
shall be satisfied if as a private individual I
may be able to stand beside him in public es
teem. [Loud applause.] But, my friends, this
is not a contest between persons. It mat
ters little to the American people
whether your distinguished feilow-towns
man or myself, as individuals, occupy the
chief executive position of tne greatest nation
upon earth. [Great and continued applause.]
But it does matter for what policies the
President shall stand. [Renewed applause.]
In this campaign persons are lost sight of en
tirely in the cause which those persons repre
sent. In my State and in lny own city are
many people who believe the interests of the
country will be better served by the election
of my opponent, and I am gratified to know
that ia his State there are many who believe
that the interests oi the country will be best
served by his defeat. [Loud cheers.]
He is "your neighbor, as we understand the
word, but if I am not your geographical leader
I beg you to turn to the Scriptures and to read
the parable of the neighbor. In this contest I
hope to be the neighbor of those who have
fallen among thieves. [Great and continued
cheering.] He is a neighbor who in the hour
of distress brings relief. In my humble judg
ment at this time, when we are crushed by a
European financial policy that our opponents
tell us we must endure until foreign relief
comes to us, I believe that the neighbor of all
the toiling masses is the man who asks for the
immediate restoration of the free and un
limited coinage of silver at the present
legal ratio of 16 to 1 [thunderous
applause] without waiting for the aid or con
sent of any other nation on earth. To my
neighbors at home I say that if they believe
my opponent should be elected I shall bear
them no ill will, and I have so high a regard
,ior my opponent that I know he will say to his
'townsmen here, that every one of them should
feel free to make his ballot represent a free
man's will, although it may result in keeping
your distinguished citizen among you as a
townsman still. [Loud applause and shouts of
"That's where he belongs."]
I thank you for your kind attention and bid
you good-day.
When Mr. Bryan had concluded he
jumped down from the car and turned to,
assist Mrs. Bryan to alight. Mayor Rice,
however, detained her a moment to intro
duce her, and as she smiled and modestly
bowed she" was received with a round of
applause. Just as Mr. and Mrs. Bryan
Boarded their car a lady pushed her way
through the crowd and presented_ Mrs.
Bryan with a bunch of roses. Mrs. Bryan
smiled and thanked the laily. As the train
pulled out Mr. and Mrs. Bryan and Mrs.
Bland stood on the rear platform bowing
to the cheering thousands.
PITTSBURG ENTHUSIASTIC.
Monster Reception Tend ered the Demo
cratic Standard- Bearer.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Atur. 10.— The arrival
here to-night of W. J. Bryan was made
the occasion of several big political demon
strations in his honor.
When the train rolled into the Union
station at 6:45 o'clock, several thousand
people filled nearly all available space in
and about that structure and as Mr. Bryan
alighted from his car, accompanied by the '
local reception committee, he was wildly
cheered. The route to the Central Hotel
was crowded, and the nominee received an
ovation. The street in front of the hotel
was packed with people. In response to
continuous cheering, Mr. Bryan appeared
on the balcony of the hotel, but would not
make a speech. ,
After dinner Mr. and Mrs. Bryan went
to the Grand Opera-house, where the
Democratic candidate addressed an im
mense audience. The heated atmosphere
was almost unbearable and nearly every
man in the audience had his coat off.
When Mr. Bryan began to speak his voice
was husky and showed signs of failing un
der the severe strain of the past few days.
He said:
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens: I am
not expected to enter into a discussion of this
campaign, because it is not considered proper
to discuss the campaign— at least for the can
didate to do it, until after he has formally
been notified of his nomination.
Therefore I am going to give those who will
come after me the discussion of such ques
tions as may be pertinent at this time. I
shall simply thank you for this extraordinary
and unexpected welcome. Wnen we left home
I told them that we were coming to open the
campaign in what was now considered the
enemy* country, but which we hoped would
be our country before the campaign was over.
[Applause.] Therefore I have been more grati
hed to find that it was not necessary to open
the campaign in the East— that it was already
opened. [Applause.]
I shall promise you this: That in the prog
ress of this campaign, not a single private in
the ranks will stand nearer to the enemy's
like than he in whose hand is the standard.
Mr. Bryan defended the Democratic
platform and declared that its adherents
were not to be terrified by hard names or
by accusations of being opponents of gov
ernment. "What we attack," he said,
"are the abuses of government and not the
Government itself."
He asserted that the one great question
that must be settled before others was the
financial policy of the Government, after
declaring that we must not intrust our
legislation to those who say we must de
pend on the legislative acts of other coun
tries. He continued :
I have said that In this contest we have a
repetition of the contest of 1776, and in this
campaign as in that the line will be drawn be
tween the Patriot and the Tory, When I say
that I don't say it, my friends, to criticize the
man who believes that this Nation is not big
enough to legislate for its own people. People
believe in honesty, but I would call your at
tention to the face that in the struggle of our
forefathers for liberty there were those who
honeitly believed that we ought to continue
the political supremacy of Great Britain.
Honest they were, but mistaken, and if you go
to the cemeteries you will find no monument
reared by a grateful people to commemorate
the names of those who thought that British
domination should be continued.
Mr. Bland followed Mr. Bryan and other
speakers discussed the issues of the cam
paign, but the interest ended with Bryan's
speech.
DESPERATE DEMOCRATS.
Bloodshed Follows the Appointment of a
Chairman at Hutitiugton.
HUNTINGTON, W.Va., Aug. 10.— There
was a fight at the Democratic convention
of the Eighth Judicial district here this
evening," which resulted in bloodshed.
Ex-Judge Marcum and Judge Thomas
E. Harvey, a brother of "Coin" Harvey,
jvere aspirants for the nomination. The
judicial committee appointed Carey Al
derson, a Harvey man, temporary chair
man.
This made the Marcum crowd angry
and they rushed toward the platform.
Alderson was seized and pitched over the
railing into an aisle and received several
fierce blows.
The Harvey faction then took a hand in
the fight. The revolver of Sheriff Jenkins
was wrenched from him and he was
Knocked down. Some one struck Captain
J. G. Dickson with steel knuckles, seri
ously injuring him.
Albert Watts was severely cut about the
head and his condition is critical. Many
others were more or less injured before
the police could stop the fight. Both sides
held a separate convention later, and there
are two candidates in the field.
LIST OF TROLLEY
VICTIMS SWELLS,
Six Persons Killed Outright
and Sixty-Two Are
Injured.
THE MOTORMAN IS DEAD,
So It Cannot Be Told Just How
the Awful Accident
Happened.
STORIES WIDELY DISAGREE.
How the Packed Car Shot Down the
Steep Grade and Landed in
a Deep Ditch.
LANCASTER. Pa., Aug. 10.— The acci
dent on the Columbia and Donegal electric
road last night proves to have been more
serious than was at first reported. It is
the worst accident that has occurred in
this country for many yeais. Up to this
morning six persons were dead and sixty
two injured. Some of the injured are in
an extremely critical condition and may
die.
Following is a list of the killed :
H. H. HEISE, Chief Burgess of Colum
bia, who jumped from the car and broke
his neck.
ADAM FOEHLINGER of Columbia,
motorman of car.
HENRY SMITH of Columbia, puddler.
WILLIAM PINKERTON, boy, of Col
umbia.
WILLIAM J. LUDLOW, Seagirt, N. J.,
manager Atlantic Fish Company; died at
hospital.
WILLIAM METZGER of Columbia,
limbs crushed; died at hospital.
The dangerously injured are: Calie
Fitzgerald, Lancaster, head crushed and
injured on body, will probably die; Mary
and Alice Bradley, Philadelphia, cut and
bruised about body; Samuel Wilkie, Co
lumbia, ri bs broken, cuts on arm and head ;
William Siauffer, Lancaster, cut on head;
injuries very serious; Maggie Cowley,
Columbia, cut about head, arm broken,
shoulder dislocated ; Mrs. Mary Stauffer,
Lancaster, head and body injured ; William
Culhane, cut about face, badly jammed ;
Charles Rhinehart, Columbia, left arm
and hip injured; Mrs. George Rhinehart,
shoulders ar.d back jammed; Jen
nie List, Columbia, head and face
cut, badly bruised; Kate Brinkman,
Lancaster, cut on face and body
bruised; Frances, Emma and Lillie Me-
Kenzie, Lancaster, cut and bruised ; Clay
ton Mohn, Columbia, head and face
jammed, hurt internally; Cyrus Strayen,
Columbia, deep gash across forehead,
may die; Joseph Deeson, Columbia, badly
bruised about the body; Archie Genmi,
Columbia, head cut and injured about the
body; Frank Reese, Columbia, four ribs
broken ; Hugh Spiers, Columbia, scalp
wound and back injured.
Just how the accident happened cannot
yet be told, for the motorman is dead. All
that is known is that the car ran away on
a steep grade and jumped the track. One
story is that the brakes broke, but this has
not been confirmed. The stories told by
the passengers disagree very widely.
Chickies Park, a few miles beyond Co
lumbia, is a favorite resort, especially in
hot weather. Yesterday the weather was
exceedingly warm and the park was corre
spondingly crowded up to a late hour.
The car to which the accident happened
was the first to leave the park after the
concert was ended. It was a big closed car
and was packed to its utmost capacity.
Everything went well until the car was
within a short distance of Columbia.
There is a sharp descent on the line at this
point, with a curve at the bottom. As 1 the
car began to descend the passengers no
. HEW 'TO-DAY.
H Aft a^OßmJswßsm mSB&
For Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed
Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc., when these symptoms
are caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST OOSK Wllit, GIVE KK-
LIEF IN TWENTY MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to
try one box of these Pills and they trill be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
— BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of the system. For a
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DI6ESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— • few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening the
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edge of appetite,
and arousing with. the Kosebud of Health, the whole physical energy of the human
frame. These are facts admitted by thousands,' in all classes of society and one of the best
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated isthatßeechara's Fills have the Largest
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World,
j WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Safes over 6,000,000 Boxes.
- 25c. at Drug Stores, or will; be sent by U.S. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application. - -
I , BLACKWELL'S > j wamt
-SSS^fc. • VVMNI , hIIDUSm
Hflt feTBCKWEU^ 1 ™"
np. pirilVu"* uqujq OTHER
GENUINE V^k jl^ % m^tw Bn mtg 9
-;■; |i DURHAM A^^^-^r^
-:■-.. r. Yon ■will find oat eoapos ■".*' . .- ■ '._ ■ i ; f "^^y JrMh Fhv^3^w -
• Inside each two onnee bag, ■If ' .- , — ' yVr-V **3 JPJ rNl 23
and two coupons Inside etch /7 rs/xrUn I I
four onnee bog ot : Black- t,| " ' ' '^——f~^/?f^ i||| m-^jjf VI i . I ' '— »
.■well's" ham. Bay a bag • «^'-'^_"^/^^i' ' wfw£ws \ji j r~*' '""'i:'
of this celebrated tobacco ~^^\^Ts^W l!^ -"H
and read the coupon — -^^S^^^^^gS^^^^'A^ J^^^"t
giTes a list ot valuable pres* ' j|||jj |[}]ij}«j™|n^^Bß^^|BW t % "> ■ ■
- eata and ; now to get them. j! '«*■' '''I'j™!' I¥' i-f; -,'.-:• \:\' : : '• W'
ticed that if was running at a perilous
rate, and it was soon evident that the
motorman could not control it.
Some of the passengers say that the
motorman attempted to check the speed
of the car when it first started on the
down grade, but that the brakes refused to
work and that he was powerless; but
others accuse him of recklessness, saying
that he was trying to make speed and did
not try to check the car until it had
gained such momentum that he could do
nothing.
The car held the tracks until the curve
at the bottom of the road was reached.
Then it jumped the tracks, shot across the
turnpike for about 100 yards, crushed into
a train standing there and then fell into a
ditch twenty feet deep.
A few of the passengers jumped when
the car was making its rush across the
roadway, and all received injuries more
or less serious. Hardly one of those in
the car escaped without beinsr badly hurt.
The car itself was badly wrecked.
As soon as possible after tha accident
assistance was sent to the scene. Three
persons were taken out of the wreck dead —
Adam Farlinger (the motorman) and two
others. Of the injured three were so badly
crushed that they died soon after being
taken out.
DEMOCRATS VISIT McKINLEY.
Pittsburg's Bryan Reception Committee
Pays Its Respects.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 10.— The Pitts
burg Bryan and Sewall reception commit
tee, bringing with them Hon. Richard P.
Bland and wife, arrived in Canton this
morning some time before the hour
scheduled for Bryan's train to arrive. It
was suggested that a call be made on
Major McKinley, and the idea was readily
taken up by the sixty members of the
committee. Forming in line, they
marched from the depot up to the Major's
North Market-street residence.
Major McKinley was of course very
much surprised to find himself thus
greeted by a delegation of Democrats, but
hastened out on the veranda and extended
to all a warm welcome. County Chairman
Hawley, of Alleghany County, introduced
Morris Foster of the committee, who
made a short speech. He said:
"Major McKinley, we believe that every
candidate for the Presidency is worthy of
the highest respect, regardless of his polit
ical affiliatio.ib. The members of this
committee have therefore called to pay
their respects to you as American citi
zens."
Mr. McKinlev as he advanced to respond
was greeted with a hearty round of cheers.
He said: "Mr. Chairman and gentlemen:
I am very glad of this opportunity to greet
you, and am very grateful for the generous
words spoken by your chairman repre
senting another political organization.
We are all of us proud of our country and
of our country's history, and we should
all be determined to make this Govern
ment in the future as in the past the best
Government in the worln. From you who
disagree with me politically it is very
grateful to have assurance of your per
sonal goodwill. I thank you."
As the Major concluded there was
another burst of applause and then every
body passed forward to shake hands with
him". Mr. Bland and his wife, after the
committee had returned to the depot, re
mained and spent an hour with Major
and Mrs. McKinley.
While the Bryan demonstration was in
progress at the depot Major McKinley was
busily engaged with his mail. There were
few callers to-day and he was able to do
considerable work on his letter of accept
ance.
OLD SOL'S ECLIPSE.
American* Matt* a Successful Vbserta-
tion in JNortvay.
TRONDHJEM, Norway, Aug. 10.— The
eclipse of the sun which took place yester
day was observed from the deck of the
steamship Ohio off the Island of Stot,
Norway. The sky was absolutely cloud
less and the atmosphere clear. The to
tality was perfect. Its duration was 1
mm. 35 sees.
CAVGET NEAR WILLOWS.
Cattle-Thief Carlisle Arrested by a Tuba
County Officer.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 10.— Deputy
Sheriff Inlow of Yuba County arrived in
this city this afternoon from Willows, hav
ing in charge 8. Carlisle, whom he cap
tured in the foothills west of Willows.
Carlisle is wanted in Yuba County for
stealing a band of cattle, which he drove
to Marysvilie and sold. At the time of his
arrest he had in his possession some stolen
horses, but the owners of the animals have
not yet been located. Carlisle is consid
ered a desperate character, and his depre
dations have extended all over the State.
He was a member of the noted band of
Tulare robbers that terrorized the resi
dents of that vicinity for a long time. He
is at present wanted by the officials of
Tulare County.CHINESE EVADE
EXCLUSION LAWS,
Cunning Devices Employed
to Get Into This
Country.
OFFICIALS OUTWITTED.
Parents and Witnesses Produced
With Most Successful
Results.
ABUSES NEEDING CORRECTION
Fraudulent Admissions Equal Deporta
tions — Congress Will Be Asked
to Legislate.
WASHINGTON, 1). C, Aug. 10.— Chief
Crowley of the special agents' division of
the Treasury Department is gathering
some interesting statistics on the Chinese
question, which will tfe incorporated in
his forthcoming annual report to the Sec
retary of the Treasury. Secretary Carlisle
is expected to transmit this information
to Congress, calling the attention of that
body to abuses of the Chinese exclusion
laws, due to the discovery of weak points
in them, and urging Congress to pass
remedial legislation. Strange as it may
seem, there is little Chinese smuggling
now. Reports which have reached the
Treasury Department indicate that there
are a large number of Chinese who secure
admission, but it is obtained by perjury.
According to Crowley's report, the pro
gramme usually followed by a Chinaman
desiring admission is to appear before the
Collector of the Port at Burlington, Vt.,
and swear that he is 18 years of age and
was born in San Francisco. Under the
law he is required to produce a parent.
This might seem difficult to a Caucasian
who is an orphan, but it is easy for John.
All the way from San Francisco he has j
brought a Chinaman who swears to his
identity and claims to be his father. Two
other Chinamen swear to the father's
identity and the chain of evidence is com
plete. The applicant is admiitec. after
exhaustive investigation.
The authorities have become convinced
of the hopelessness of attempting to con
trovert their evidence. Some months ago
the authorities declined to admit certain
Chinamen unless they could produce
repntatable white witnesses. The Chinese
took the matter to the Superior Court,
with the result that that body handed
down a decision against the requirement.
The Treasury Department during the
closing days of Congress asked legislation
to remedy the abuses that existed, but no
action was taken.
By the statistics now being collected
Secretary Carlisle and Mr. Crowley hope
to show Congress the necessity of taking
immediate action to procure the results
that it was expected the so-cnlled "Geary
law" would give vrher. it was enacted. The
treasury officials also intend to show Con
gress the drain the Government is suffer
ing in consequence of that feature of the
iry law" requiring deportation of
Chinese iliegally residing within the
boundaries of the United States. It is
Btated at the Treasury Department that
the Government is put to an average ex
pense of $300 for the deportation of each
Chinaman.
Mr. trowley has instructed collectors of
customs to report to the department the
number of Chinamen each has arrested
and deported and this will be laid before
Congress in the Secretary's annual re
port. The number deponed during the
last fiscal year was comparatively large,
but nearly made up by the hundreds who
are "legally" admitted into this country.
The department may suggest to Congress
Borne means of getting rid of the obnox
ious Chinamen at a smaller cost, but the
means has not yet taken definite form.
SAN FRANCISCO SHIPPING
Great Increase in 2hlx Port* Ruaineas
During the Past Xear.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.-Thero
has been a great increase in the shipping
business of the poit of San Francisco.
This is shown by the reports of Shipping
Commissioner William ML Gwin. stationed
at San Francisco, whose report for the
last fiscal year reached the Treasury De
partment to-day. Mr. Gwui states that
the total number of men discharged by
vessels in that port was 12,519, ot whom
8674 were by foreign ships and 3845 by do
mestic crafts. The number discharged
by foreign merchants was 150 less
than the number disc narged last year. In
the case of domestic vessels it was 600 less
than last year. The total number of men \
registered as having shipped at San Fran
cisco. Mr. Gwin reports as 13,344. Of these,
7812 received compensation and the re
mainder reshipped without compensation.
The total number of men who registered
at Mr. Gwin's office was 25.563.
Of the men shipped 3249 gave America
as the place of their nativity. Last year
4130 of those shipped were Americans.
The other men shipped were of these na
tionalities, viz: British, 3272; Gprman,
1076; French, 130; Italians, 78; Norwe
gian?. Swedes and Danes, 29.%; other na
tionalities, 2636. The total expense in
curred in the conduct of the San Francisco
shipping office was $11,402.
"The only conclusion to be drawn from
the figures Mr. Gwin has submitted," said
Commissioner of Navigation Chamber
lain, who receives the reports, "is that t!ie
1 ftice is becoming popular witn ship
owners and sailors ana an increasing busi
ness is the result."
ACGUST CHOP REPORT.
Corn Condition linpror'*, While Spring^
nh-nt *t>d Oat* Fall Off.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.— The
report of the statistician of the Depart
ment of Agriculture for August indicates
an improvement in the condition of corn
over that reporttd last month of 4.4 per
cent or from 92.4 to 96. The averages of
the prinrijal States are: Ohio, 105; Ken
tucky 10-2; Indiana, 105; Illinois, 106;
lowa, 103; Missouri, 80; Kansas, 109;
Nebraska, 108. •
The condition of spring wheat has fall
en since the JUI3' report from 93.3 to 78.9,
a<iecl:ne of 14.4 points. The conditions
by States ar*» as follows: Michigan, 83;
If inoi*. 8S; Wisconsin, 82; Minnesota, 80;
lowa, 94; Kansas, 55; Nebraska, 77; South
Dakota, 89; North Dakota, 70; Washing
ton 90; Oregon, 90; California. 109.
The condition of oats has fallen since
last rpport 19 points, or from 96.3 to 77.3.
_c rye condition i«* 88 against 86.t> in
The average of buckwheat is given
.5 per cent of last year's area; condi
tion of same, 96. Condition of Irish pota
toes ft.No, against 90 in July; tobacco 86.5,
ag.iin. t 01.5 in Juiv.
Reports on the European grain crops
are generally favorable. The wheat crop
promises to be up to the average. Forage
crops will be short it drought continues.
PRESIDENTIAL NEGLECT.
The Gray Gables Vacation Causes Incon
venience and Loss to Many Army
and Navy Officers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.—Presi
dent Cleveland's failure to act on promo
tion and retirement cases is not only
causing inconvenience to a great many
officers, but is keeping them out of a good
many dollars. Since his departure for
Gray Gables there have accumulated at
the W T hite House as many as twenty-eight
of these cases, twenty-seven of which will
undoubtedly be approved. So far as can
be learned tbese cases are still at the
executive mansion, and will probably re
main there for some little time before
being forwarded to Gray Gables: in fact,
it rany be that they will be held until the
President returns.
The officer? whose promotions are before
the President are: Commodore Charles
E. Clark, now on duty in command of the
receiving snip Independence at Mare
Island; Lieutenant-Commanders Gill,
Pathick and Richards.Lieutenants Purcell,
Harper, Poundstone. Bemadin and Acker
man, Ensigns Coontz, Ebebly, Fenton,
Tarbox and McCorinick, Paymaster Cowie,
Passed Assistant Engineers Parks, Willits
and Denig, and Assistant Engineer Beach,
Assistant Naval Constructors Bankson
and Tawresey. The remaining cases are
those of Lieutenants Richard Mitchell and
Bradbury, Paymaster Machette, and Gun
ner Henderson, who were recommended
for retirement by the board that met at
Mare Island.
STEWART'S STRAYED SPEECH.
A Silver Peroration That Was Included
in a Treasury Circular.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.—Treas
ury officials were thrown into consterna
tion to-day by discovering that many
copies of circular 23, recently issued for
collecting financial information, had cor
porated in it a silver speech by Senator
Stewart of Nevada. In some way, when
the circular was bound at the Government
printing office, the speech of Senator
Stewart mixed up with the other pages
of the circular. How many of the 30,000
copies of the circular already sent out con
tain the Stewart speech is not known, but
each copy of the circular now being sent
out is carefully examined. A new edition
af the circular is being printed with the
Stewart speech eliminated.
•
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.— Pacific
Coast pensions have been issued as fol
lows:
California: Original — John A. Wilson,
Kelseyville. Widow, Indian wars — Lucia
A.. Cook, Inglewood. Original — John B.
Jarr, Althouse. Additional — George S.
larbell, Baker City.
Washington: Original — John J. Dickin
?on, Bissell; Ama»a A. Randall, Fisher;
Amiron £. Bidgood, Springdale.
DISCOUNT DOLLAR BILLS
The Canadian Banks Will Only
Take American Notes at
Ninety Cents.
United States Silver Not to Be Accepted
for the Payment of City
Taxes.
TORONTO, Ontario, Aug. 10.— A com
bined effort is about to be made by city
banks to decrease the circulation of Ameri
can bills in this city. At present the city
is flooded with American silver certifi
cates. The following notice is posted in
the Standard Bank to-day :
On and after Saturday, August 19, American
SI bills will be received only for 90 cents.
It is understood that other banks will
follow the example of the Standard Bank.
i This action will probably result in a much
decreased circulation of American bills in
this city. In regard to American silver
most of the city banks are not accepting
it at all. Some will accept American silver
I only from customers, but only in small
amounts. The railway companies refuse
to handle it, and departmental stores are
discussing the advisability of refusing it
as money.
HAMILTON, Oitt., Aug. 10.— Following
the example of the Toronto banks the
merchants and local banks here have de
cided to refuse to accept American silver
and silver certificates. For years Ameri
can bills and currency have been accepted
by the merchants. United States silver
or silver certificates will not be accepted
in payment of city taxes. This action is
not due entirely to the silver agitation in
the United States, but to the fact that at
present there is too much American silver
in circulation in Canada.
•
ARMY RETIRING BOARD MEETS
Officers Deatined for ihe Shelf Make
Fierce Resistance.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 10.— The retiring
board of the army, called by the Secretary
of War for the purpose of inquiring into
the reports of medical officers and taking
other testimony bearing on the alleged
physical disability of certain officer?, was
called to order this morning at depart
ment headquarters in the Pullman build
ing by Major-General Merritt.
The roll of ofncer3 called before the
board was read as follows, each one being
present: Colonel R. E. A. Crofton, Fif
teenth Infantry; Lieutenant - Colonel
James H. Bradiord, Seventeenth Infan
try ; Major Alexander S. B. Keyes, Third
Cavalry; Major John G. Turnbull, First
Artillery, Fort Hamilton, N. V. ; Major
John A. Darling, Fifth Artillery, San
Francisco; Captain Horace B. Carson,
Second Infantry; Captain John J. Hasen,
Ninth Infantry ; First Lieutenants. H. J.
Goldman, Fifth Artillery, and Robert
Wattkins, Ninth Cavalry. In nearly every
case, notably that of "Colonel Crofton.
commandant of the post at Fort Sheridan,
111., the officers slated for the retirement
are opposed to such action, and are pre
pared to resist with counsel and witnesses.
LONDON AMUSEMENT SYNDICATE
Baa Ita Eyea on Hammeratein's Olym-
pin, \eu> York City.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 10.— The
Times says: It is stated that the man
agers of the Alhambra Theater, one of the
largest and most famous theaters in Lon
don, have their eyes on Hammerstein's
Olympia, and that a representative is al
ready on the way to negotiate for it.
Hammerstein is reported to hay« said that
he refused an offer of $3,000,000 from the
Empire Company of London last May.
Tiie liberal bids of American managers
have brought over many of the best per
formers from London music halls, and it
would seem that the managers had de
termined to retaliate by having a theater
of their own in this city.
The Olympia was opened last Novem
ber, and it is the largest building in this
country devoted exclusively to amuse
ment. It comprises a roof garden, music
hall and a theater, and cost $2,500,000.
California Postmaatera.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.— M. E.
Renz was io-day appointed postmaster at
Frazier. Tulare County, vice J. Daggett,
resigned, and F. A. Rutledge at Woody,
Kern Couiity, California, vice T. K.
Hooper, resigned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
FLYERS ON THE
WILLOWS TRACK
Glenn County's Annual Race
Meeting Will Begin
To-Day.
FAST HORSES ENTERED.
W. Wood and Baywood Are to
Contest in a Pacing
Event
M'NAIR TO WIELD THE FLAG.
The Running Division Represented by
a Collection of Fast
Ones-
WILLOWS, Cal., Aug. 10.— Everything
is in readiness for the opening of Glenn
County's annual race meet to-morrow.
The town has taken on a holiday air and
lodgings in the hotels and private houses
will soon be at a premium. Men with har
rows were hard at wort on the track all
day, and some fast quarters were stepped
off by the light harness brigade. Starter
McNair is on hand ready to give the
horses the word. Whitehead & Co.'s crew
arrived this afternoon, and to-night Dave
Eiseman began selling pools. "Jack"
Perkins, Ben Chaboye, Ed Lafferty, Mack
Saunders, Walter Maben, "Jimmy" Sulli
van, P. W. Hodges and J. M. Nelson, the
well-known reinsmen, are all heie, mak
ing the air lively witn horse talk.
W. Wood and Baywood will be the
starters in the free-for-all pace on the last
day of the meeting, the other two starters,
Waldo J and Silk wood, being in the
southern part of the State.
The running-horse division is well rep
resented. Among the thoroughbreds
quartered at the track are Howard, Blue
Beil, Faro, Zamloch, Sea Spray, Seaside,
Clara Johnson, Toro del Sierra, Gladiola,
Juan Bernardo, Pricelle, Rose Clark,
George L, Warrago, and other more or
less noted performers, including among
them Nevere, winner of the handicap at
Petaluma in almost record time. Hen
nessy, Martin, Suiter, J. Brown and Ames
will furnish some of the riding talent.
The card for the first day is made up as
follows:
Trotting, 2:40 class, purse $500— Wow, Aiki,
Goldy, Our Jack, Lena Hawley, Alias, Peter
Jackson, Millie L, Twilight, Billups, Teheran,
Lochiuvsr, Conductor, Ben Marr.
Pacing, 2 :25, purse #500— Earthquake, Nelly
B.Senaior, Benard, Lizzie E, Nick o' Time,
Linwood, Palatina, Glayds W.
Six furlongs, running— Pricelle, 109; Clara
Johnson, 100; Sweet Brier. 100; Quarter Staff,
112; Wrtrrago, 112; Josephine, 107; Rose
Clark, 1O7; Sea Spray, 108; Howard, 112.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the Motional League
Yesterday.
Clubs.
Won. I Lost. I £«
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Chicago
Pitisburg.
Boston
Brooklyn
Philadelphia
New York
Washington.
St. Louis.
Louisville.: . . . .. ..
62 27 .698
65 29 .891
57 33 .633
65 40 .578
51 40 .560
49 41 .544
41 48 .460
40 50 .444
38 53 .417
35 53 .397
28 52 .850
21 66 .241
BROOKLYN, K. V., Aug. 10.— For the first
I time in several years the New Yorks have won
i the series ■with the Brooklyns. The Brooklyns
j could do nothing with Sullivan's curves,
! while the New Yorks hit Daub almost at will.
I La Chance was struck by a liner from Buck
ley's bat and sustained a double compound
fracture of the thumb, which will prevent him
from playing again this season. Score: Brook
i lyns, 2, 7, 2; New Yorks, 7, 13, 1. Bat
j teries— Daub and Grimm; Sullivan and Wil
■ son. Umpire — Sheridan.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Aug. 10.— To-day's con
• test was one-sided and uninteresting. The
! champions batted McJamcs almost at will and
aided by misplays scored eight runs, when he
! retired in favor of Norton in the sixth inning.
i Attendance 1600. Score: Baltimores, 11,
115,0; VVashingtons, 4, 10, 2. Batteries— Pond
I and Clark, McJames and McGuire. Umpire —
i Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 10.— Boston took
! Gumbcrt's measure in the fifth inning this
I evening and in the sixth drove him out of the
I box, Jordan taking his place. Attendance
I 2200. i^core: Philadelphias— 3, 9, 3; Bos
ton-—8,14, 1. Batterie?— Gumbert and Grady,
; Nicholx and Bergen." Umpire— Hurst.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Aug. 10. — A furious
' wind and rain storm forced Umpire Emslie to
1 call the second game between Plttsburg and
I Cleveland to-day after three innings had been
- played, with the score 3to 3. The first inning
was a comedy of errom, and not a run was
; earned on either sine. Attendaice 3000.
1 £core: Clevelands, 6, 8, 6; Pittsburgs, 10, 10,
: 5. ButterlPS— Wilson and Zimmer, Killen and
1 Sugden. Umpire— Emslie.
SADDLE AND SULKY.
Winners and Placed Ilorsra on Eastern
Track* leaterday.
FORT WAYNE, Ixd., Aug. 10.— The
j annual meeting of the Fort Wayne Driv
ing Club was inaugurated to-day. The
track was in good condition, bnt the
; weather was suitry and the temperature
I high. The extreme heat culminated in a
' terrific wind, rain and electric storm,
which stopped the racing after three heats
!of the 2:20 trot had been decided. Sum
: niaries:
First race, two-year-old pace, 2:35 class,
i purse $1000, Ed B. Young won, Jeremiah and
i Claude Cour dividing second and third money.
; Best time, 2:22.
Stcond race. 2:26 trot, purse $1500, New
burzer won, Valence second, Packet third.
Best time, 2:16^.
Third race, 2:20 trot, purse $2000 (un
finished), Derby Princess won, Bessie Witton
second, Edmoaia third. Best time, 2:ll}^.
BRIGHTON BEACH, S. Y. Aug. 10.—
Five furlongs, Runaway won, Hermia sec
ond, Kennebec third. Time, I :o2'i.
Five furlongs, Maud Adams won. Venita sec
ond, Valorous third. Time, I :O2V£.
Five furlongs, Hasseta won, Bessie Abbott
second. Religion third. Time, 1 :01?^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Lehman won, Ben Eder
'■ second, Aurelian third. Time, 1:49.
Five furlongs, Sunny Slope won, Setfast sec
! ond, Bastian third. Time, 1 :Oi^.
One mile, Doggett won. Declare second. Van
I Brunt third. Time, 1:43.
ST: LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 10.— To-day's re
sults:
One mile, Albert S won, Dew of June second,
Consuela third. Time, 1 :43}^..
Seven furlonsrs, Fasig won, Agatine second,
Charlie McDonald third. Time, 1:30.
One mile, Jack Bradley won, rherrystone
second, Bridgeton third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlongs, Herry McCouch won, St Au
guMine second, Rex Regent third. Time,
Five iurlonss, Russell A won. Ivory second.
The Chemist third. Time, 1 :03^.
One mile, Squire G won, Cr.iswell second,
Al Orth third. Time, 1:44.
BUTTE, Most., Aug. 10.— A perfect day
and good track resulted in some good races
to-day:
Trotting, 2:15 class, purse $800, Challenger
Chief w«n, Red Cherry second, Dan Velox
third. Best time, 2:l7}^.
Trotting, 2:29 ciass, purse ipfoOO, Lady Red
wor. Steve second, Delbert third. Best time,
2:l9J^.
Running, six furlongs, selling, purse $300,
La France won. Democrat second, Carno
third. Time 1:18.
Running, half a mile, selling, parse $250,
Joe Cotton won, Labelle B second, Famous
third. Time, :50.
Running, seven fariongr, selling, purse $300,
Tampa won, Miss Pollard second, Baby Ruth
third. Time, 1 SO 1 /,.
WHEELMEN'S A NNUAL MEET.
Preparation* for Great Doings on the
Irach at Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 10,-The
seventeenth annual meet of the L. A. W.
was formally opened this morning, when
the advance guard arrived and was re
ceived by the reception committee at
headquarters. To-night a "smoker" was
given at Fountain Ferry from 6 to 8
o'clock, in honor of the visitors.
John S. Johnson arrived from Chicago
and went into training at tne tracK to con
dition himself for his trials against time,
which will be one of the features of the
meet. J. W. Parsons of Australia came
with him. Other racing m n who have
arrived are Cooper, Bala, Baker, Zeigler
and O'Connor.
Over 100 racing men are in training at
the track, and although it is nearly 100 in
the shade, some fast work is being done
on the Fountain Ferry track. Omaha
wants the meet next year, and twelve rep
resentatives of the Meet Club of that city
arrived this morning to begin pushing
things.
OP EN TO ALL BOOKMAKERS.
State Fair Betting Privileges Will Dot Be
"farmed Out."
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
State Board of Agriculture to-day received
two bids for the privilege of controlling
the betting at the State Fair. George Rose
bid $16,500 and Fitzgerald <fc Co. of San
Jose $17,000. After some debate the board
rejected both bids and will leave the field
open to all responsible bookmakers to come
in. Rose controlled the betting last year
I snd gave such poor odds that betters com
plained bitterly.
The board adopted resolutions of respect
to the memory of the late L. U. Shippee.
E. F. Smith was chosen presiding judge of
j the running and J. W. Wilson of the trot
! ting and pacing events.
Carson Wins the Relay Race.
CARSON, Nev., Aug. 10.— The fifty-mile
I bicycle relay race between Carson and
Reno clubs, ten men on each side, yester
day, was won by the Carson team. It at
tracted an immense crowd to the race
track, and the betting was very lively.
The winning team rode the fifty miles in
2:30:29. The fastest time made by an in
dividual rider was five miles in 14:00%, by
Rubo Kelley of the Carson team. The
Carson Club won by about seven-eighths
of a mile. It is believed a return race will
be arranged.
Hubbaek Hins the Medal.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Auk. 10.— Company B
held its medal shoot yesterday at Scheut
zen Park, the trophy and the champion
j ship medal being won by Sergeant Hub
back by a score of 43. The second score of
42 was made by Private White, the third
by Sergeant Wood and the fourth by Pri
vate McClay.
HAPLESS SINGLE-TAKERS.
One of the Dover Prisoners Is
Released en a Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
The Others Must Serve Their Sen
tences and May Be Pat in the
Chain Gangs.
WILMINGTON, Del., Aug. 10.—Chan
cellor Nicholson to-day ordered the re
lease of William Keevan, one of the
single-taxers now in jail at Dover, on a
writ of habeas corpus. The Chancellor
refused to release Keevan's colleagues.
They will have to serve out their sentences
and in all probability will be put in chain
gangs to work on the streets and roads
of the county.
When Keevan's colleagues learned the
Chancellor's, decision they cheered and
sang the doxology. Two of the imprisoned
men are seriously ill and will be brought
to the hospital in this city. The single
taxers have decided to discontinue their
meetings until after the expiration of the
sentences of the men now in jail. The
Dover authorities h ave also notified the
single-taxers that they will make no more
arrests, but will not protect speakers from
the mob.
THE IRISH LAND BILL.
Paste* It* Third Reading in the House
of Lords.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 10.— There was an
atmosphere of compromise in the House
of Lords to-day when the Irish land bill
came up on its third reading. The Mar
quis of Lansdowne, Secretary of State for
War, submitted three amendments which
were somewhat in favor of the landlords,
and these were accepted.
Speaking on the motion that the bill be
passed on its third reading, Earl Spencer
(Liberal), formerly Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland, contended that if the measure
was passed as it has been altered it would
be a serious damage to Ireland, and would
also damage the strength and independ
ence of the House of Lords.
The bill then passed its third reading.
Lord Salisbury's silence regaraing the
measure continues to be much commented
upon.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.— The
tieasury gold reserve declined to-day to
$107,908,604. The day's withdrawals were
$418,200.
SPAEKS FROM THE WIRE.
William J. Bryan is in favor of locating the
Democratic National neaiiquarters in Chicago.
He th inks that a better fight can be directed
from that point, and that he can keep in closer
touch with the organization if the headquar
ter* be there. The battle-ground of the cam
paign is thought to-be in the Western States.
The name of ex -Judge Thomas Morgan Is be
ing prominently mentioned in connection
with the Vice-Presidential nomination of the
sound-money Democrats. His boom is fath
ered by John P. Hopkins of Illinois.
John S. Kinney and Edward A. Day, bicycle
enthusiasts of Newark, N. J., have started
from that place on a trip awheel across the
continent. They expect to reach San Fran
cisco in DccemDer. They are provided with
tents and a light camping outfit.
Acting Secretary Reynolds of the Interior
Department ha« rejected applications for a
■writ of certiorari filed by Emory H. Marker
and eighty-eight others, applicants for lands in
O'Brien County, lowa. It was contended by
the applicants that the decision of the United
State 3 Supreme Court, restoring title to the
United States from the Sioux City ana Pacific
Railroad Company, made these lands public
lands and subject to entry on the date the de
cision was rendered. There were about 2'J,000
acres involved.
Ex-Governor John Young Brown of Ken
tucky, has signified his willingness to accept
the nomination of the free silver Democrats
for Congress from his district.
A son was born to Mr. and Mr*. Russell B.
Harrison at Terra Haute, Ind., Monday even
ing. He will be named Wiliian Henry Har
rison.
The Democratic convention of the Ninth
lovra District to-day nominated T. F. Genung
of Hastings for Congress.
The Democratic convention of the Thir
teenth District, Schuykill County, Pennsyl
vania, has nominated W. . F. Shepard for
Congress.
ABANDONED TO
WIND AND WAVE,
The Wrecked St. Paul Has
Sailed on Its Last
Cruise.
FAST ON THE REEF.
Work of Dismantling Begun
After an Investigation
by a Diver.
LITTLE OF THE CARGO SAVED
A Portion of the Livestock Aboard
Drowned in the Stranded
Vessel's Hold.
ABOARD STEAMSHIP ST. PAUL,
Ashore off Point Pinos (via Monterey,
Cal.), Aug. 10.— Already the stranded St.
Paul is abandoned to her fate and the
crew is stripping the wreck. It is the
story of the Pacific Mail steamer Colom
bia over again without even a variation.
Like the steamship on the reef off Pigeon
Point, forty miles away, the St. Paul is as
motionless as when she lay on the stocks
before launching. There is a sharp rock
piercing into the hold just abaft of the
foremast, a little on the port side, and an
other in the afterhold, also on the port
side. On these two pinnacles of reef she
hangs. To be freed from her position she
must be lifted bodily, but she will never
be free until the seas batter her into scrap
iron.
There Is deep water under the bow and
amidships and along the entire starboard
side. If she had listed in that direction
after the rocks crushed her bottom on Sat
urday's dark and foggy night a number of
bodies would now in all probability be
washing about in the treacherous coast
currents. But she went the other way and
fell against a large rock, which has crushed
in the plates on the port side. When the
engines were reversed in the effort to ba;k
the bumping steamer off the reef the pro
peller-blades struck the ledge as she fell in
the trough of the swell and were broken
off. The keel aft is jammed out of line and
the rudder damaged.
This is the report of the diver who went
down under the vessel to-day. In the
clear, bine water he groped along her en
tire length and saw every splintered plate.
When the submarine observer told ol the
wreck and ruin below the water line Cap
tain Goodall immediately gave orders to
begin the work of dismantling the hulk.
As in the case of the Colombia, the crew
began with the staterooms and cabins.
These were soon emptied and their furni
ture removed in the ship's boats to the
Santa Cruz, which is lying at anchor a
short distance away.
A heavy sea rolls constantly around the
steamer and the labor of loading the boats
is adifficult one. If the hull were not hung
so solidly on the rock points she would not
last twelve hours, even under the present
favorable weather conditions. A3 she leans
somewhat seaward a material increase in
the weight of the swell will topple her over
to starboard into deep water, where she
will sink in a few minutes.
The engine and fire rooms being full of
water, it is impossible to get at the heavy
machinery, but everything within that
compartment within reach is being re
moved. A small portion of the cargo in
tv« forward hold may be saved, but aft all
is ruined. There are 5000 sacks of wheat,
and the water-logged grain has ewollen
until the hold is as tieht as a drum. In
time the increasing bulk will burst the
deck and bulkheads.
Last night Captain Downing and most
of the officers lodged in Monterey, but the
crew camped on the beach, as the hulk
hanging on the reef is not a sale retreat by
any means. When all hands returned to
the vessel this niorninr they learned that
the first tragedy of the wreck had occurred.
The lower deck hatch covers had been
lifted off by the rising tide within the hull,
and most all of the livestock on board had
fallen into the deep water. Twenty of the
calves had been drowned, and the rest
were swimming around and clinging to
the floating articles in the hold, bellowing
piteously. The survivors were fished out
of their involuntary bath and removed to
the Santa Cruz.
Captain Minor Goodall is staying by the
wrecked steamer directing the work of
stripping her. He says little concerning
the ruin of one of his best boats, but evi
dently his thoughts are not happy ones.
"It'is of no use," said he to a Call cor
respondent to-day, us he looked over the
rail down at the rocks showing cruelly
alongside, "to think of getting her off.
The diver's report destroyed all that hove
and she is go,ner. We will save what we
can from her and the sea or the wreckers
may have the rest. If she weie lifted from
the reef, couid that be accomplished,
she would only sink, and even if we
got her further on the beach, where the
breakers could get a fair sweep at her, she
would soon go to pieces. Ido not now re
call what the insurance on her is, nor
what she was valued at a few days ago.
You know what she is worth now. How
ever, the marine adjuster will be down to
morrow and he will have a little look
around.
"No, 1 don't wish to make any state
ment as to the causes that put her up on
Moss Beach instead of alongside the
Broadway wharf in San Francisco. I can
only say she is here, and, I imagine, Her
stay in the place will be prolonged. "
Then the captain looked down at the
rocks and lapsed into silence. A Call
correspondent yesterday rowed from the
steamer out over the rolling Pacific swelis
through the Kelp. The fog whistle was
sounding its dreary bellow. With its
anchor and chain it weighs ten tons, and
the whistle is almost twelve feet above the
surface of the sea. A very light southerly
wind was blowing, and to windward the
whistle could not be heard a mile away.
When a storm is on, and the great waves
force the air up through its locomotive
whistle, its howling can be heard for
miles.
In dark, foggy, still nights it is of about
as much use to a belated navigator as the
pipe of a canary bird. It bears irom the
wreck northwest, which shows that the
St Paul should have been headed toward
this point of the compass at the instant
she struck the beach, steering due east.
It was truly a blunder.
The Point Pinos light is the oldest one
on the coast, it was erected forty-four
years ago. The lighthouse proper is about
half a mile back Irom the shore line at
Point Pl,nos, and is of stone. The lamp is
ninety-one feet above the sea level. It is a
fixed, white light, and has a 1930-candle
power light.
It is called a fifteen-and-a-quarter-mile
light, but can be seen on an ordinary
clear'night for about twenty miles to sea.
The light has two circular wicks, the out
side wick being one and thirteen-six
teenths inches in diameter. It is a third
order light.
Mrs. Fish is keeper and has one assistant
and a Chinese cook. These three are the
only persona at the lighthouse. Mrs. Fish
has occupied her present position as
keeper for the last three years. Her hus
band was a lieutenant in the United States
navy, dying in the service. She was seen
by a Call correspondent this morning at
the lighthouse and freely gave all infor
mation possible in regard to the working
of the light.
"It was the first wreck we had near this
light," said she, "and you know this is
the oldest. It is ridiculous for any of the
crew or passengers to say that the lamp
was not burning on Saturday night. It
mi^ht not have been seen by the St. Paul
in such a dense fog, but it was burning as
usual. The Point Pinos light 13 rot de
pended on in foggy weather by mariners.
Neither is any light for that matter.
"The whistling buoy, which is anchored
three-eighths of a mile off the point, is
placed there for just such a night as that
was last Saturday, and by its sounds mar
iners are guided through the fog and
around the point safe into Monterey Bay.
This buoy plays its part well and can be
heard far out to sea when the rays from
my lamp cannot be seen a hundred yards
distant."
Some of the published statements of the
passengers regarding the demeanor of the
crew and the condition of the boats are
remarkable. There was excitement and
confusion among the former, of course,
when the steamer began to bump into the
rocks, but the action of the people belong
ing to the steamer was superb.
They quieted the fears of the frightened
and prepared them for their departure
from the ship. In the darkness the boats
were quickly lowered, each with its officer
and crew, and the passengers one by one
were skillfully embarked.
It was dark, the billows were breaking
around the doomed vessel, but not a life
was lost and not an accident occurred.
One or two of the servants lost their
heads, but not a sailor faltered in his
work. Captain Downing, with his ship
grinding to pieces under him, his profes
sional future ruined, thought only of the
lives intrusted to his care, and he sent
them all safeiy ashore.
The St. Piul, stranded and listed over
on her bed of rocks, affords a new feature
to the attractiveness of historic Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Del Monte. Everybody
comes down to the wreck in all manner of
turnouts, from phaeton to cart and from
bus to buggy. They come through the
pine woods to see the melancholy spectacle
of a ship which would leave her element
for a journey overland.
NO MOPE FOR THE ST. PAUL.
Captain Minor Goodall Dn~s Mot Think
the Vessel Can Be Saved.
The following telephone message was re
ceived from Captain C. Minor Goodall,
who is at the wreck of the steamer St.
Paul, by the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany yesterday : "The ship is lying easy,
hemmed in by the rocks. Doubtful if she
can be got off. She is entirely exposed to
the swell, which is striking her endwise at
the stern.
"Landed all hands on board for the
night, as the swell was increasing. The
steamer Santa Cruz will be unable to get
very close to the wreck. Will try and get
pumps on board when the Sama Cruz ar
rives Monday. I think the leak is aft and
will try and get a diver down to locate it."
Later in the day Captain Goodall teje
phoned again, saying that he was about
to start for the wreck with three boatloads
of men to see what could be done to save
the vessel and cargo. In talking about
the vessel and her loss Edwin Goodall said
that si;e was valued at aoout $100,000 and
was only partly insured. A great deal of
the cargo is a total loss, but the greater
portion of it is insured. The company has
owned the St. Paul for a little over three
years, having purchased her from the
Alaska Commercial Company. For years
the steamer ran to Alaska and when
General Grant was making a tour of the
world the St. Paul was chosen to carry the
party to the glaciers of the far north.
Later she was chartered to the North
American Navigation Company and ran
in opposition to the Pacific Mail on the
Panama route.
The steamer Coos Bay was to have gone
to Alaska yesterday, but the company took
her off and sent the Yaquina in her place.
The COO 3 Bay will now take up the run
ning of the St. Paul 011 the San Diego
route.
"Ed" Cashen was at Point Pinos
when the St. Paul went ashore. He
reached San Francisco yesterday. He
states positively that the station light was
burning brightly at the time. Half an
hour after the vessel struck he was aboard
and remained by her until 7 o'clock on
Sunday morning. "At that hour," said
he, "there was not a drop of water in her
hold, and it was only when the captain
ordered the engines full speed astern that
holes began to show in her bottom. The
St. Paul went on a broad shelving rock
and every wave took her further on it. She
was surrounded by rocks, but the one on
which she rested was the best one that
could have been found to run on. I don't
think the vessel can now be saved."
Captain Downing has been for years in
the employ of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. He was formerly mate on the
Orizaba and later had command of the
Yaquina. When Captaia Green was trans
ferred to the State of Caliiornia, a few
months ago, Downing was given the St.
Paul.
DEATH STRIKES IN MERCED.
Sudden Passing of Charles E. Fleming,
Proprietor of El Capitan
Hotel.
MERCED, Cat.., Aug. 10.— Charles E.
Fleming, the proprietor of El Capitan
Hotel, fell dead in his room at the hotel
this afternoon at 4 o'clock. He had not
been feeling well during the day, and in
the morning had sent for a doctor, as he
has been suffering from neuralgia of the
heart. He was walKing around the room
and suddenly reeled and fell onto the bed.
His daughter, who was near him at the
time, believed that he had fainted, but on
reaching bis side she found that life had
fled. Apoplexy was the cause of death.
Fleming was one of the pioneer resi
dents of Merced County, and was formerly
u:ider-Sheriff under the late A. J. Meany.
He had charge of El Capitan Hotel for
eleven years, and at ihe time of his death
was about 51 years old. He was a mem
ber of the Masons and the Knights of
Pythias.
Fleming had been one of the most en
terprising citizens of Merced for many
years, and greatly assisted in the building
iip of the town. "His loss will be seriously
felt in the locality, where he made many
friends during his long residence.
PUTS IN AT ASTORIA.
Typhoid Fever Reported on Board the
Ship Harland.
ASTORIA. Or., Aug. 10.— The British
ship Harland arrived this afternoon,
thirty-nine day 3 from Hongkong, with
fever aboard. During the passage all of
the crew were sick with what appeared to
be typhoid fever. Three are still very ill
and not expected to live. The vessel has
a clean bill of health from Hongkong.
The local health officer attributes the sick
ness to the water taken aboard at Hong
kong. Every man aboard lost from twenty
to forty pounds in weight in the last three
weeks of the passage.
Reno'* Suspect* Arraigned.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 10.— James Porter
and Thomas Halkatt, the men in custody
charged with attempted train-wrecking,
were given a hearing before Justice Linn
to-day. Only about half the evidence on
the part of the State was introduced when
a recess was taken until to-morrow. It is
understood the defendants claim they can
prove iin alibi by a barkeeper in the Palace
Hotel here, who they claim saw them sev
eral times during the night oi the at
tempted wrecking.
HUNTING WHALES
IN PUGET SOUND,
Booming of Cannon Heard
Over the Waters at
Tacoma.
ONLY A FIN CAPTURED.
It Is Carried Away by a Solid
Shot, but Its Owner
Escapes.
HARPOON ISTS THROW WILDLY
A Lively but Unsuccessful Chase
Viewed by Several Hun*
dred Spectators.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 10.— A disap
pointed crowd of whale-hunters and ex
cursionists returned to the city to-night.
They had chased a whale up and down
Henderson Bay all to-day, had shot at
him, prodded him with their oars, and yet
the cetecean came off victorious. He did
not seek revenge, being content to bury
himself in the green waters when his pur
suers came too close or startled him with
cannon shots.
The hunters claim to!have chipped off a
piece of the whale's dorsal fin with the
first cannon bail, but they did not bring it
home to exhibit.
Soon after 7 o'clock this morning the
tug Laurel steamed away to Henderson
Bay, followed at 9:30 by the steamer Se
home with 200 spectators aboard. The
Laurel carried over twenty men. Soon
after 10 o'clock a whale was sighted, when
the rowboats were left behind and the
tug's speed increased. Nearly two hours
were spent beating about. Then, as the
whale rose slowly to the surface a few rods
away, the cannon blazed and the whale
dived. The new rope did not unwind
readily, so that the shot only grazed his
back and knocked off a piece ol fin. A
half hour later another shot was secured,
but the aim was again incorrect and the
ball entered water instead.
Operations then ceased for dinner, after
which men in rowboats spent several hours
in unsuccessful attempts to harpoon the
monster. The harpoonists and rowers
alike seemed scared, for invariably they
let the whale start to dive before throwing
their weapons. They were alongside the
whale several time. At other times they
rowed rapidly until nearly to him, when
ali seemingly experienced that tired feel
ing and their efforts were relaxed until
the big fellow had gone under.
The leviathan came up near the Se
home, and now it was the excursionists'
turn to be scared. Some wanted to return
home at once. The Laurel approached
and the cannon was aimed, but it did not
work to suit Gunner Bradshaw. This at
tempt proved abortive, and atter follow
ing the spouter about a half hour longer
the hunt was given up for to-day.
HEW TO-DAY.
No
Sweat
Shops !
Have you read of the dreadful
slavery practiced by tha so-called
"Woolen Mill" Tailors and tha
agonies and misery their poor
employes undergo ? Do you pa-
tronize that kind of business ?
Made
To
Order
We make TO ORDER a Suit
for Man, Boy or Child (in a day
or so) at about the same cost as
a Ready-made Suit— bnt it's gen-
nine goods — well tailored
throughout — no sweat shop stuff,
remember, no shoddy 1 Men's
Suits $12.50 to $25.00.
Also
Ready
Made.
As to Ready-Made— the most
complete, well selected stock to
be found west of the Mississippi
River. All new and fashionable
patterns. The patterns are phe-
nomenal — lower than were ever
heard of before.
H.
Summerfield
& Co.,
924=930 Market St.
34
DAROUX'S VICTORY
AT SACRAMENTO.
His Second Ward Delegates
Seated in the County-
Convention.
NO PROTESTS RAISED.
Instead of the Expected Battle
Harmony Marks the
Deliberations.
BRUSIE FOB STATE SENATOR.
Catlin, Hart and Post Are Nominated
for the Superior Judge
ships.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 10. — The
Republican County Convention was called
to order at 2:20 o'clock this afternoon by
Chairman of the County Central Commit
tee George Clark. The room was crowded
with delegates and spectators, the latter
made up for the most part of the Rhoades-
Cavacaugh and D,aroux factions. The
expected battle between these factions
failed to materialize, and the deliberations
were harmonious.
Senator \Villiam Johnson of Courtland
placed Thomas H. Berkey in nomination
for temporary chairman, and he was
chosen by acclamation. J. Charles Jones
was elected secretary, with Max Ginsberg
assistant. A flood of nominations for
assistants were referred to the committee
on organization. It was moved that
committees of seven be named by the
chairman, to act on order of business,
credentials and platform and resolutions,
and a recess of a few minutes was taken
while the chairman selected committee
men.
When the convention reconvened, after
naming commiteemen the chairman
ordered that all delegations present their
credentials to the secretary. Frank Daroux
arose and stated that the delegates from
the Second Ward in Sacramento had no
credentials. Chairman Berkey requested
Daroux to present a list of that delega
tion. A recess was then taken until 8
o'clock.
On reconvening, the chairman of the
committee on credentials reported that
the credentials of all were correct, with
the exception of those from the
Second KVard, and it had been
deemed right to seat the Daroux
delegation. The report of the platform
committee was subnvtted. Its salient
points were full indorsement of the plat
form of the National Republican Conven
tion, the favoring of total cessation of
foreign immigration, economical adminis
tration of county and State affairs, good
roads, legal and uniform taxation at ac
tual value, and export bounty on agri
cultural products. It also fully indorsed
the official acts of Representative Grove L.
Johnson during the late session of Con
gress.
Judson C. Brusie received the nomina
tion tor State Senator by acclamation.
Then the selection of three candidates for
the Superior Judgeships was considered.
Here it became extremely evident that the
slate was not to be implicitly followed.
Kven the Daroux faction had various
opinions, and their leader demanded roll
call. The ultimate re-ult was that two
slated candidates, A. P. Catlin and E. C.
Hart, won, the latter by a very small mar
gin, while Charles N. Post received the
big total of 180 votes.
After the announcement of the result
the convention adjourned until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
OPPUSTED TO SEW ALL.
Populist Delegate GUstrnp on the Atti-
tude of His Partyl
VISALIA, Cal., Aug. 10.— W. H. Gil
strap, senior editor of the Visalia News
and a member of the steering committee
which managed the middle-of-the-road
fight in the Populist National Convention,
returned from St. Louis yesterday. " He
sizes up the situation as follows:
"I believed that the interests of the
People's party and its principles would be
best served by nominating a straight Pop
ulist ticket. When we succeeded in re
versing the order of business, nominating
a Populist for Vice-President, we achieved
a substantial victory, thereby making it
possible in each State to maintain the
identity of the People's party and its
principles intact, the object of first im
portance to all true Populists. I believe
Mr. Sewall's nomination and the disrup
tion of the People's party would have
most likely followed, since the fact that
Mr. Bryan covld not have honorably ac
cepted the nomination would have been a
telling argument with all Bryan dele
gates. I shall support Bryan and Watson,
believing that the future success of the
party and its principles in a great
measure depends upon the increased vote
of the People's party at the coming elec
tion. lam not worrying as to the course
the Democratic party may • pursue con
cerning the Vice- Presidential nominees.
The responsibility of electing Bryan rests
with them now and cannot be possibly
achieved in any other way than by their
supporting Watson electors. No true
Populist will submit to any further con
cessions or in any way consurcniating any
deal that would/compel them to directly
or indirectly aid in the election of Mr.
Sewall, the National banker."
SANTA BARBARA GERRYMANDER.
Change* Made in the Supervisorial J)U
trict Boundaries.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 10.— A
small tempest has been brewing in the
Santa Barbara County political teapot ever
since the Board of Supervisors proposed in
July to make certain changes in the Super
visorial districts. To-day when the board
in special session confirmed thess changes
many indignant comments wera made on
the streets.
Santa Barbara County has five Super
visors from as many districts. The Super
visorial districts at this end of the county
formerly comprehended the territory from
Carpinteria to Santa Barbara, then Santa
Barbara itself, and then a tract from Santa
Barbara up the coast and across the moun
tains to Santa Ynez. This last great terri
tory at present is represented by Ed de la
Cuesta, while Santa Barbara has been rep
resented by Ba!>com Williams and the Car
pinteria and Montecito district by Super
visor Sawyer. The modification adopted
at to-day's meeting of the board gives Saw
yer two wards in Santa Barbara and adds
to Williams' territory the strip of rich
farming country extending to Goleta on
the west and reaching to the foot of the
toll road.
When the next election occurs the mass
of population, comprising three-fifths of
the county, residents of this extremity,
will control but two districts and elect but
two Supervisors, while the remaining two
fifths of the population, situated at the
upper end of the county, will be enabled to
elect three representatives.
The Supervisors explain that this change
has been made solety for better attention
to the road interests of the districts, which
have been enlarged and extended, and that
the proposition has been under considera
tion for the last lour years.
♦
GROVE JOHNSON'S STRENGTH.
Hit Renomination in the Sreond District
Appear* to Be Certain. "'
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 10.— Charles
T. Jones, a prominent lawyer and Repub
lican of this county, in speaking of the
probable chances of the nomination of
Grove L. Johnson for Congress said to
day:
"'ln my opinion there is no possible
doubt but that he wiil receive the nomina
tion by acclamation, and if so he will poll
the full Republican vote of this Con
gressional district. In Sacramento County
local pride in his career during the last
session will insure him a large majority;
for, as far as I can judge from conversa
tions held and manifestations of the peo
ple ia general, his record has given the
citizens of Sacramento County universal
satisfaction."
In interviews with The Call's repre
sentative by prominent business men the
sentiment expressed was that Grove L.
Johnson was their first and only choioe.
In an interview with the candidate him
self he said :
"1 have no doubt as to my nomination.
Judging by the counties which have al
ready instructed for me, I already have
a large majority. Mariposa, with 4 votes,
Tuolumne 4, Nevada 9, Yuba6, Butter 4,
Sacramento 22, San Joaquin 15, Inyo 2,
Mono 2 and butte 11 are all instructed.
Placer, with 9, meets to-morrow, and 1
have heard from a friend in that vicinity
that the delegation will favor my nomin
ation. I expect to receive the vote of Cal
averas, which is 8 votes, and the only ones
from which I have not heard are El Do
rado 6, Amador 7 and 1 vote in Alpine
County."
Cloverdale's Rxpublxcan Club.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
Cloveidale Republican Club has completed
its organization and the campaign in this
vicinity Is now fairly on. Following is
the list of club ofticers: F. W. Brush,
president; J. B. Cooley, vice-president;
L S. Lewis, secretary; W. P. Ink, treasurer.
The following executive committee was
elected: T. B. Wilson, George B. Baer,
W. T. Brush, H. C. McKoon and Julius
Ailegrini. About seventy names are now
on the clubroll and as the campaign pro
gresses many more are expected. The
first big gun of the campaign wiil be fired
next Friday evening, when Congressman
J. A. Barham and Hon. D. E. McKinlay
will speak at a big rally in Liberty Hall.
Oregon Sound- Money DetnoeraU
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 10.— The sound
money Democrats of Oregon have ar
ranged to hold a convention this week
for the purpose of electing eight delegates
to the National Democratic Convention,
which meets at Indianapolis on Septem
ber 2. Among the Democrats in this
State there is a widespread interest over
the issues involved in tne coming Presi
dential campaign. While there are hun
dreds of Democrats who will vote to de
feat Bryan and the platform he stands on,
there are others who want a straight-out
Democratic ticket to vote for. This will
be provided for them by the Indianapolis
conference. Oregon will give to the new
movement resp- ctable support.
START FOR CRATER LAKE
Portland Mazamas Will Climb
the Steep Sides of Pitt
Mountain.
Government Commissioners Accom
pany the Party to Explore the
Great Reservoir.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 10.— The first
party of Mazamas will start for Ashland,
on the Crater Lake excursion, to-morrow
morning. The party as made ud at pres
ent consists of Professors Everman and
Cox of the United States Fish Commission,
Rev. Earl M. Wilbur of the First Unitarian
Church of this city, M. W. Gorman, Mr.
and Mrs. Donaldson of Oregon City, Miss
A. J. Smith and Miss Winfred Watson of
Portland and Miss Newman of Fraeport,
Fla. C. H. 6holes left for Ashland on
Thursday on his wheel, and will be joined
at Eugene by Professor Edgar McClure of
the State University, who will ride with
him to Ashland.
Those from Portland will leave in a
special car and will reach Ashland
Wednesday noon. They will climb Mount
Pitt on the way to Crater Lake and will
leave a Mazaina register box on the sum
mit. This will be the largest party that
ever climbed Mount Pitt, as its location
makes it so difficult of access that few
people have attempted the ascent. The
party will camp at the timber line the day
before climbing the mountain. On Mon
day morning Crater Lake will be reached,
and they will spend the rest of the week
camping" on the shore and making explor
ations on the lake and surrounding
mountains.
During the week other parties of Maza
mas will join the campers, and it is ex
pected that over 150 people will be present.
The mountain in whose crater tho won
derful lake is situated is to be christenea
Mount Mazama, in honor of the famous
ojganization of mountain-climbers. The
Government Fish Commissioners, who ac
company the party, will make a careful
study of the waters of the lake, with a
view to stocking it with fish, and both, the
temperature of the lake and the amount of
fish food it contains will be carefully
noted. Government botanists and geolog
ists will also accompany the party and
study the vegetation around the lake, and
the formation of the country surround
ing it.
A water-gauge and bench marks will be
put in by the Mazamas, so that future
visitors to the lake may note the height of
the water at the different seasons of the
year, and in this way gain some knowl
edge of the mysteries of its inland outlet.
SCORCHES AWAY FROM BANDITS.
A Portsmouth Cycler Savep Hit Valua
bles by Fast Hiding.
PORTLAND, Or., Au?. 10.-Frank
Pierce, a bicyclist of Portsmouth, met
some of the Wilhoit stage-robbers yester
day afternoon near Mill Creek, on the Mol
laia road. A single highwayman at
tempted to stop Pierce on the road. He
told him to put hi-j hands up. There was
a good, clear road ahead and the cyclist
saw no weapon in the highwayman's
hands, so he made a wild spurt for free
dom. A second robber came out of the
bushes and made an attempt to stop the
wheelman, but was knocked down. Pierce
scorched in good earnest for the next ten
miles and saw no more of the robbers
who wore cloth masks over their faces.
Driven From a lirseriation.
PORTLAND, Oh., Aug. 10.-United
States District Attorney Murphy has re
ceived instructions to defend Indian Agent
Petet of Klaniatn reservation, who has
been sued in the County Court of Klamath
County by Henry O'Brien, late teacher in
the Indian school there, to recover $5000
damages for being put off the reservation
It is charged that O'Brien became so un
mindful o! his duties and so obstreperous
that the agent deemed it advisable to dis
charge him and forcibly expel Him from
the premises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
INQUEST OVER
SAN JOSE'S DEAD.
The Murder of Crosetti and
Miss Feilner Was
Premeditated.
FRED SCHIELE'S STORY.
Says Allender Announced His
Intention Shortly Before
the Tragedy.
SWORE HE WOULD SLAT BOTH.
The Assassin Arraigned in Justice's
Court and Held for Exami
nation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 10.— A Coroner's
inquest was held here to-day over the
bodies of Venanz Crosetti and Wally
Feilner, the young people who were shot
and killed on North Third street yesterday
afternoon by Harvey Allender. The evi
dence at the inquest fully established the
fact that the act was due to jealousy.
Allender had for several years been in
love with the girl. About a year ago she
refused to have anything to do with him.
Shortly afterward she became engaged to
Crosetti. Allender for months did every
thing he could to break up the relations
between the young people. He sent
threatening letters to them anonymously,
some of the missives containing drawings
of coffins, skulls and ciossbones.
Allender was frequently warned to leave
the couple alone, but refused to do so. At
the inquest his former associate, Fred
Schiele, testified that Allender often
threatened to "do the Dago," as he called
CrosettL
The last occasion was about fifteen min
utes before the shooting. Allender said
he had a revolver and that he would kill
both Crosetti and the girl, as he shortly
afterward did.
Scbiele did not pay much attention, as
similar threats had been made before
without serious results.
A number of witnesses testified to the
details of the shooting. Crosetti was un
armed, and he rushed up and attempted to
take Allender' s pistol away after the first
shot was fired at the girl. Then he him
self was fatally shot.
The jury rendered separate verdicts, to
the effect that Venanz Crosetti and Wally
Feilner came to their death from pistol
shot wounds at the hands of Harvey
Allender, the act having been premeditated
and with malice aforethought.
After the inquest Allender was arraigned
in the justice's court upon two charges of
murder.
His examination was set for to-morrow
upon one charge, and for the following
day upon the second charge. The prose
cution will be pushed as expeditiously as
possible, and Allender may be tried upon
the charges in the Superior Court next
week.
There will ba a double funeral to-mor
row afternoon, and Allender's victims
will be buried side by side in Oak Hill
Cemetery.
Arrested for Forgery.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 10.— A woman,
giving the name of Mrs. Jennie Williams,
i 3 in custody on a charge of forgery. It
appears that a letter containing a check
for $20 98 upon the Bank nf San Jose, ad
dressed to Mrs. Jennie I. Williams, wife of
Dr. W. N. Williams, was received by the
prisoner, who appropriated the money to
her own use. She often received letters
that were intended for another person and
returned them as "opened by mistake,"
but poverty induced her to hold the mis
sive containing the check.
Qualifications of Voters.
SAN JOBE, Cal., Aug. 10.— Judges Rey
nolds and Lorigan, sitting in bank, to-day
decided that a naturalized citizen who has
lost nis papers is entitled to register on
presenting an affidavit stating merely the
year of naturalization. Judge Reynolds
also held that persons having the right to
vote when the educational qualification
law was adopted could not be deprived of
that right, although they could neither
read nor write.
SAN DIEGO WATER SUIT,
Judge Welborn Hands Down a
Decision in Favor of
the City-
Demurrer to the Original Complaint
Sustained for Want of
Jurisdiction.
Los Angeles Office of the Call,)
328 South Broadway, r
Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 10. )
A suit of great importance to San
Diegans, and which has dragged its.weary
length along through two or three conrts,
came to a sudden halt in the United
States Circuit Ceurt here this forenoon.
Judge Ollin Welborn filed an elaborate
opinion, sustaining the demurrer in favor
of the defendants.
The case is that of the Consolidated
Water Company vs. E. S. Babcocfe et al.
and was before the court on demurrer to
the bill of complaint. It is a suit by the
water company against San Diego City,
its Auditor, Treasurer, City Council, the
Southern California Water Company and
E. S. Babcock for a decree that the making
of a certain proposition by the city of San
Diego to the defendant, the Southern Cali
fornia Mountain Water Company, for the
sale to the city of a water supply, and the
construction of a distributing system, the
acceptance of the proposition, and all the
proceedings were the result of bribery and
fraud, that the defendants had no powur
to enter into the contract, and that they
be enjoined from doing so.
The opinion sets forth at considerable
length the allegations of fraud and
bribery and the application for permission
to hie a supplemental complaint, and
holds that the first question to be deter
mined is the ground of the Gemurrer that
challenged toe jurisdiction of the court.
After thoroughly discussing the law rela
tive thereto the court holds:
I am satisfied that the San Diego Water Com
pany ana the San Diego Flume Company are
necessary parties to ttve litigation ; and fur
ther, that if they were made parties to this
suit the controversy would not be wholly be
tween citizens of different States. Where
theso two facts exist, as has been repeatedly
held by the Supreme Court of the United
States, the suit cannot be entertained. There
fore, the petition for leave to file a supple
mental bill will be denied, and the demurrer
to the original bill will be sustained for want
of jurisdiction, and complainant allowed
twenty days to amend if he should be so ad
vised.
LONG BEACH QUARREL.
The Disineorporation Election Case Car"
rica Into Court.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
Long Beach disineorporation tangle was
transferred to the Superior Court to-day.
Messrs. Schilling, Cosaboom and AHmein,
three of the Town Trustees, having re
fused to canvass the returns of tne elec
tion at which the question of disineorpor
ation was submitted, the Superior Court
has been asked to mandamas them and
compel them so to do. It is set forth that
the proceedings calling the election were
regular; that a petition containing the
names of sixty-one qualified electors was
presented to the Trustees asking for an
election, that number being more than
required by law; that the Trustees or
dered the election; that it was properly
advertised and held on July 27. The votes
were counted by the election officers, and
129 were in favor of disineorporation and
121 against.
The Board of Trustees should have can
vassed the returns and declared the result
on August 3. On that day only Trustees
Dann and Denio were present, the other
three being absent. These two Trustees,
in order to purge themselves of any con
tempt, canvassed the vote, but as there
was no quorum their work did not count.
CALIFORNIA CLUB OPENING.
Elegant Quarters of the Los Angeles
Social Organization.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
new home of the California Club in the
Wilcox building was throwu open to the
members only at noon to-day. The recep
tion, while entirely informal, was opened
with a dinner, at which nearly all the
members sat down.
The board of directors, consisting of
Charles A. Marriner, president; W. B.
Cline. vice-president; and Frank S. Hicks,
secretary, and J. E. Jackson and John J.
Mossin acted as a reception committee.
All of the officers made short addresses,
and brief talks were made by others pres
ent. After the dinner the rooms were in
spected.
The quarters have been most elegantly
fitted up, displaying exquisite taste and
prodigality of expense everywhere. One
of the prettiest places about the quarters
is the lounging-room, which is finished in
first-empire style, the general effect being
in blue. The woodwork is all of highly
polished white cedar, the ceilings of the
cafe and dining-room being finished in
beam effects. In addition to billiard,
library, bar and kitchen there are a num
ber of private apartments for members
and their guests.
JAILED FOR CONTEMPT.
Don Manuel Coronet Defies a Los An
geles Judge.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
crowd in attendance at the trial of the
Coronel will case before Judge Shaw were
disappointed to-day. They had expected
to hear some very sensational testimony
from Don Manuel de Coronel, but the old
man refused to testify. Judge Shaw ad
judged him guilty of contempt and or
dered him confined in the County Jail for
one day.
The first part of the trial was occupied
with the examination of George Steckel, a
photographer who bad taken pictures of
both the real Coronel signature and the
alleged forged one, which were used as
exhibits in the case. Mrs. Dr. Edgar
Smith, formerly the wife of Coronel, re
lated how she had met Yndart thirty
years ago. Two years ago he had left the
witness' house, saying that he intended to
go up town to look for a situation, but he
never came back.
CHILDREN HELD FOR DEB T.
Bow Mrs. I Hzttimmons Collected a Bill '
From Her Daughter-in-law.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 10.— The
fellow who wrote, "There is no loneer
anything new under the sun," ignored the
fertile brain of some mothers-in-law. Old
Mrs. Fitzsimmons of this city not only
claimed the right to hold her two grand
children for a bill of $20, but actually did
it. and her daughter-in-law, the wife of
Charles Fitzsimmons, was compelled to
pay a double eagle in order to get posses
sion of her own children. The father was
off among the mines of Inyo County and
so could not intercede in behalf of wife
and children.
Even after mother-in-law Fitzsimmons |
had been tendered the $20 she would not
let her grandchildren go until a police
man jarred her nerves by almost knocking
her door down. Then sne let them go
with their anxious and thoroughly
frightened mother.
B'NAY BRITH DISAGREEMENT.
Stockton Members Jtesent an Action
Taken by San Francisco.
STOCKTON, Cal., August 10. — The
members of Hope Lodge No. 126, Inde
pendent Order of B'nai B'ntb, are in
censed at the action taken by San Fran
cisco members of the order in attempting
to induce the District lirand Lodge to re
consider its decision to bold its coming
convention in this city next January. At
the last convention of the order, held in
San Francisco last January, M. P. Stein
of this city was elected first grand vice
president, and at the next session he will
be elevated to the presidency of the Dis
trict Grand Lod^e, its highest office. For
that reason it was believed proper by
many of the San Franciscans to endeavor
to have the next convention held in this
city. The local delegates to the conven
tion did not believe that the iod^e here
could undertake so great a task as that of
entertaining 150 or 200 delegates from all
parts of the Pacific Coast who would as
semble here, but the San Franciscans were
so anxious that Stockton should be chosen
as the next meetinp-place that the Stock
ton delegates could do nothing else but i
extend an invitation. It was accepted by t
a unanimous vote of the convention, and
ever since the return of the members o-
Hope Lodgs they have been making ar
rangements to provide a fitting entertainf
ment for the visitors next January.
At a meeting of the Hope Lodge' held
several nights ago it was decided to tell
the District Grand Lodge, at its special
meeting, that .Stockton did not want the
next convention.
Sale of a Seattle Vaily.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 10.— The Seattle
Times, the largest afternoon publication
in Washington, was sold to-day, the pur
chaser being rion. Charles *'. Fishback,
one of the foremost lawyers in the State.
Colonel A. J. Bletben, formerly owner of
the Minneapolis Tribune and founder of
the Penny .rress of Minneapolis, will as
sume the editorial chair of the paper,
which will be independent in politics but
an earnest advocate of the free coinage of
silver, its new proprietor for years having
been a champion of the white metal. The
purchase of Mr. Fishback, it is stated,
represents an investment of $50,000, and it
is his intention to further enlarge the
plant.
Attempted Suicide at Santa Bom a.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 10.— An old
man named Grippito, confined in the
County Hospital here, made an attempt to
kill himself yesterday. He was under
treatm ent for paralysis, and while the at
tendants were n ot watching he swallowed
a number of stryennine pills. He was
saved by the prompt efforts of Steward
Muller with a stomach putnp.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NEWCOMER ON
TRIAL AT SONORA
Arraigned for the Killing
of Colonel Caleb
Dorsey.
HE ADMITS THE CRIME.
Self-Defense Will Be the Plea
Advanced in the Old Man's
Behalf.
SLOW PBOGRESS BEING MADE
Each Side Is Proceeding Cautiously
and but Three Jurors Have
Been Sworn.
SONORA, Cal., Aug. 10.— It is doubtful
if ever in the history of Tuolumne County
as much interest has been taken in any
trial as was manifested to-day when John
T. Newcomer, charged with the killing of
the late Colonel Caleb Dorsey, was brought
into Judge Nicoll's court. The promi
nence of the parties, the property over
which the trouble arose, and the fact, so
far as now known, that no human eye
save of the principals witnessed the trag
edy, contributed to make the case most in
teresting, exciting and important.
Dorsey was one of the best known men
in Tuolumne County and was respected
and esteemed. Besides his many property
interests here, he was an extensive owner
in Stanislaus and San Joaquin counties.
He took active part in all matters affect
ing the public, and at one time repre
sented Stanislaus County in the lower
house of the State Legislature at Sacra
mento. He was unmarried.
Newcomer has lived in Tuolumne
County for fourteen years, engaged in
mining most of the time. He was born
in tha South, and has a family now in
Texas. He is known to be hot headed and
quick to resent an insinuation and is re
ported to have killed a man in a bloody
conflict before seeking a home in the West.
Prior to the present trouble, his reputa
tion in Tuolumne County for peace and
quietness had been good.
The killing took place at Newcomer's
cabin, on Knights Creek, and as there
were no witnesses to the shooting all that
i 3 known of the tragedy is the story told
by Newcomer, who claims that he shot
Dorsey in self-defense. It is alleged that
Dorsey charged Newcomer with cleaning
up and appropriating the amalgam from
their mine without Dorsey's knowledge.
Newcomer gave him the lie. Dorsey at
tempted to draw his revolver, but New
comer, being the quicker, fired, as he
claims, in self-defense, and his old friend
and partner feil fatally wounded. They
were alone, the dead cannot speak, and,
therefore, Newcomer's account of what
happened is all that will be known of the
sad affair— doubly sad from the fact that
they were old friends who had both al
most reached life journey's end. Dorsey
was 61 years of age and Newcomer is
over 70.
It is believed that on the day of the
murder Dorsey rode up and dismounting
tied his horse and went into Newcomer's
cabin. There he entered into the dispute
which resulted in his death. It was ap
parent that he was standing with his back
to the fireplace when the stooting oc
curred. Newcomer left Dorsey in a dying
condition, locked the door and mounting
Dorsey's horse rode to the mine two miles
distant, where he gave the key to the cook.
Then he came to Sonora, gave himself up
to Sheriff Yancey and was lodged in jail.
At 10 o'clock this morning, when the
trial was called before Judge Nicoll, the
courtroom was crowded to the doors. In
side the bar the defendant sat by his coun
sel, Byron Waters of San Francisco, ex-
District Attorney Curtiu and Judge Rob
inson. Prosecuting Attorney F. P. Otis
was assisted by Special Counsel F. W.
Street.
All the day was occupied in exam
ining jurors, of whom eighty had been
subpenaed, but only three were accepted.
LABOR RIOT AT SISSON,
White Men Vigorously Resent
the Employment of
Chinese.
Celestial Railroad Graders Driven Five
Miles Out of Town With
Stones and C ub s.
SISSON. Cal., Aug. 10.— The projectors
of the new McCloud River Railroad to the
Fall R;ver timber belt imported Chinese
last week to do the work of grading, and
there was a demonstration at Sisson on
Sunday afternoon by white laborers, in
citing a riot.
The crowd consisted mostly of men al
ready employed at vairous places here
abouts, some on the railroad, some of
them hoboes, some floating gamblers, but
a number — men out of work and needing
it. The sentiment here in favor of Ameri
can laDor is very strong, and there is a
disapproval of the employment of Chi
nese.
After dark on Sunday evening a large
crowd left for the railroad camps, four
miles northeast of here. Reaching there,
they took the wagons containing the
equipment of the Chinese and drove the
Mongolions on foot to the McCloud River,
five miles away.
There were about thirty or forty China
men. Several were oruised and cut with
stones and clubs, but none were seriously
hurt.
Constable Andrews was at China Camp
until about 8 o'clock on Sunday night, but
remarked nothing indicating trouble.
There are over 100 white men employed
on the railroad besides the Chinese. W.
W. Van Arsdale, manager for the Siskiyou
Lumber Mercantile Company, which is
building the road, says the Chinamen
were employed as necessary to complete a
portion of the road this season.
An attempt will be made to convict the
leaders of the riot, and Sheriff Hobbs of
Yreka will be asked for deputies to pro
tect the railroad building. Tne Chinese
will be returned and kept at work.
Van Arsdale says he prefers white labor
if he could get the men, and it is under
stood the Mongolians Ret the same wages
as white men, except board. It is doubt
ful if there will be any further trouble
with the officers on the ground.
BATTLE HEAR NOGALES.
Outlaws Fatally Hound a Mexican Offi
cer Who Was On Their Trail.
NOGALES, Aeiz., Aug. 10.— The four
men who attempted to rob the bank of
Nogales several days ago had a fight yes
terday with two Mexican custom-line
riders and shot one through the shoulder.
His wound will probably prove fatal.
Colonel Kosterlitsky, with forty picked
men, coming from the east, drove the rob
bers back, and Colonel Garcia, with thirty
men, is moving to intercept their retreat.
The robber who was captured at Bisbee
has been held to answer for participation
in the robbery of the Separ. N. M., post
office a week ago. He had $30 in nickels
and dimes disposed of two days ago. The
money is supposed to have been taken
from the postoffice.
SALT LAKE CONVENTION.
Two Hundred Chiefs Attend the Opening
Session of the Fire Engineers'
Association.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Aug. 10.-
The twenty-fourth annual session of the
International Association of Fire Engi
neers began here this morning. About 200
chiefs were in attendance. Governor Wells
and Mayor Glendinning delivered the ad
dresses of welcome, which were responded
to by Chief Humphreys of Pittsburg and
ex-Chief Taylor of Richmond, Va. To-day's
session was devoted to the appointment of
the standing committees.
The City Council is entertaining the
visitors in excellent fashion, the ladies of
the party being taken around the city in
six-horse coaches and supplied with all
the refreshments their hearts can wish.
To-night a reception was tendered the vis
itors at the Knutsford Hotel, at which all
the State, city and county officials were
present. To-morrow night a concert will
Se given at the tabernacle by the great
Mormon Church choir, at which all the
seats will be free. The full choir of 500
voices will be in attendance.
At the conclusion of the session the vis
itors will be taken to Park City, where
they will inspect the great Ontario and
other silver mines. The exhibits of fire
apparatus are said to surpass those made
at any previous convention, and all the
chiefs are delighted with the showing
made. Exhibitors from as far East as
Rhode Island are here with carloads of
fire novelties.
AFFRAY AT CASCADE.
A Sheepherder Wounded in a Four-
Cornered Fight.
MADERA, Cal., Aug. 10.— Edward
Hebron and Eugene Tully, young men at
Cascade, got into an altercation yesterday
with two sheepherders in the employ of
John Daulton, during which one of the
herders was shot in the arm by Hebron,
the ball striking him between the hand
and the elbow and coming out under
neath the shoulder. The wounded man
was attended to by Tully and Hebron after
the shooting and to-day he was brought to
town and placed under the care of a
doctor.
Tully and Hebron own a garden near
Cascade and were working in it yesterday
when the sheep broke into the garden.
Tully and Hebron attempted to drive them
out and one of the herders started for
Tuliy with a club and the other drew a
revolver and began to shoot. He emptied
his revolver without doing much harm,
one of the bullets tearing Hebron's shirt
and auother knocking the pipe out of
Tully'B mouth. He then got behind a tree
and attempted to reload, but in doing so
exposed his arm, at which Hebron fired.
His aim was true. The herders then signi
iiel their willingness to quit. No arrests
aye been made.
I DOCTOR COOK.
MANHOOD
SLIPPING
AWAY!
He is nervous, irritable. He is bilious,
liver torpid, circulation sluegish, diges-
tion and appetite poor. He feels run
down, is easily tired and has frequent
headaches.
THAT'S WHAT HE TALKS ABOUT.
And he has private troubles— lo«s of
pleasure in the performance of certain
natural functions; loss of desire, feeble
power, premature discharge, etc.
THAT'S WHAT HE DON'T TALK
ABOUT.
Not even to his physician. He goes to
him with one set of symptoms and gets
temporary relief. As to the others— he
thinks that he will take better care of him-
self. He does not know that his first
troubles are due directly to impaired nerve
and sexual force.
And he does not take care of himself.
He can't control his actions as he used to.
Feeble desire gives place to unnatural lust.
The ability to gratify decreases as the
wanton cravings increase. His other
NEWS OF BIG FIGHTERS.
Jeffries Will Train at the Seal
Rock for His Coming
Contest.
Van Buskirk May Train at Stockton.
Barney Farley and His Boy
Jce.
J. J. Jeffries, who is matched to fi s ht
Van Buskirk on September 2, left yester
day for the Seal Rock House to train for
the contest.
In all probability Billy Smith, the Aus
tralian pugilist, will handle the big Los
Angeles fighter. Van Buskirk has not yet
decided where he will do his bag-punch
ing and road-tramping; he will choose be
tween Stockton and thi* City. Professor
Walter Watson, who is looking after the
interests of the Olympian, is deairous that
Van Buskirk train in this City, as then he
will have an opportunity of giving the
professional some good advice.
Big Joe McAuliffe played a series of
handball games on Sunday, and yesterday
he ran ten miles over the hard roads in
the vicinity of Professor Farley's Hotel de
Pug.
The Mission Giant is rapidly losing
flesh, and as he steps upon the scales each
evening to be weighed by the old pro
fessor, Barney's face takes on the color of
the setting sun as he gazed at the her
culean frame of the giant, and pronounces
it the finest in the world.
On Sunday Barney was visited by a
number of sporting men, and he kept his
guests amused with anecdotes which re
lated solely to the ring and the great
fightere of the day.
"This boy Joe has been unfortunate ever
since the time he fought Peter Jackson,"
said Barney, as he settled down to one of
his famous talks on pugs and pugilism.
"1 did not want him to fight a nigger,
as it is bad luck anyhow, but Joe was
anxious to fight everybody, and he barred
nothing, black or white. Well, 'pon me
word, gentlemen, I can't understand how
Jackson whipped him. I watched every
inch of the fight, and when Joe knocked
Peter down I was sure then that we had
everything our own way ; but Jackson
was too old a general for my boy and
whipped him on the strength of the
knowledge he possessed of the game. I
lost, of course, a heap of money on the
match, but mark my word for it, gentle
men, I will win it ail back again before
the next two years,'' and Barney heaved a
big sigh and looked fondly at the picture
of big Joe which now hangs in a promi
nent place in the reception' room of the
Farley residence.
"Yes; Joe went over to England and
they came near murdering the boy there.
That fellow Madden, who bad him in
charge, should have been electrocuted long
ago, as he is a bad egg, and every fighter
who was under his management regretted
that they had anything to do with him.
He reduced my boy from 270 pounds to
210 pounds in three weeks by that anti-fat
preparation, and sure the stuff came near
killing him entirely. He was laid up in
bed for over two months after the figut,
and if he wasn't made of the right stuff he
would not be here to-day under my charge
again.
"Well, gentlemen, you know what he
did to Siavin up to the time that his
strength left him. Why, he nearly kilied
him aud they were betting 4 to 1 on Mc-
Auliffe when Joe fell from a blow in the
ribs and was too weak to get up. He will
never again be in that kind of fix, and
'pon me word, gentlemen, I am positive
that my boy is a better man now than he
ever was in his life, and if he don't whip
Choyngii I will promise you never to
speak again on prize-fighting and prize
fighters."
McAuliffe has a wonderful appetite. He
polishes off four large porterhouse steaks
for breakfast.
troubles grow worse. He Is getting weak
and losing weight.
i Man, ahoy! The rapids are below you 1
The whirlpool vortex is in sight! Your
manhood is slipping away from you ! You
are drifting to wreck and ruin !
■ You are still in easy reach of help. But
you need the prompt services of a special-
ist—one whose many years of experience
in this one branch enables him to tell
more about your exact condition at one
consultation than ordinary physicians can
after weeks of fruitless treatment. Doctor
Cook is to-day one of America's most suc-
cessful specialists in the treatment of all
sexual diseases, disorders or malforma-
tions of Doth sexes. Consult him before it
is too late. '
If you can't call, write fully and tell all
about your case. ...
OFFICE HOURS— 9 tola A. M., 2to 5
and 7 to 8 P. M., Sundays 10 A. M. to
IS M. only. Address
nnpTno nnnif 865 ? market st.,
UUblUil OUUIV, Opposite Powell,
I :■■•■'■ San Francisco, Cal. ' -i l ' '■HOW BRYANISM HAS RUINED THE GLASS INDUSTRY
There is scarcely any end to the number
of industries in America, and particularly
in the far West, that thrive under the be
nign influences of protection and perish
when blighted by the touch of free trade.
To exhaust the list would be to write the
history of the greater industries of Amer
ica.
It has already been shown that many
industries have been imperiled by the
Wilson bill. Wool, lumber and iron have
been prostrated by a mild form of Bry
auism; but it would not be difficult to
show that many other prime industries
have been struck a staggering blow by the
same influence. The policy of free trade
throughout is one of neglect, a complete
abandonment of that fostering care which
wise statesmanship shows is best for the
industries oi America wlien they come in
direct competition with the pauper labor
of the world.
A striking object lesson illustrating the
baleful effects of free trade is seen in the
great industry that comprises the various
forms of earthenware and glassware made
or that could be made in the United
States.
It is a fact worthy of note to local stu
dents of the political questions of the day
that each great ship that comes from Eu
rope to the port of San Francisco with
cargoes of glassware hurts the local in
dnstry. The great firms that deal to the
largest extent in glassware import from
30,000 to 40,000 boxes of glassware at a
time from Austria, Germany and France.
The result of this is the curtailment of
local manufactures, the idleness of labor
ers and the cutting down of wages.
"Millions of wine and beer bottles ought
to be made on this very coast," said the
foreman of a local glass-worting com
pany, "but the wages in Germany are so
low that I cannot compete even with th c
aid of little apprentice boys, who earn but
$3 and $4 a week."
It is the same painful story in every in
dustry — whether glass, or wool, lumber or
iron. It is the unequal contest between
American firms tha» pay living wages to
men and foreign firms that pay men less
than boys earn here, the earnings of pau
pers in the poverty-stricken regions of the
O:d World.
A great writer on the subject has cov
ered the matter in a general way quite
thoroughly, as follows:
"It has always been the leading object
of Great Britain," he says, "to manutac
ture f>.r the world, to monopolize the bulk j
of reproductive power, and if possible to i
keep all other countries in a state of indus
trial vassaiage by means of her great capi
tal, her cheap labor, her skill and her mer
cantile marine. Her policy has been and
is to force all other countries to compete I
NATIONAL BANK
NOTES DISCOUNTED
Refused by Commercial
Banks at the Face
Value.
HALF OF ONE PER CENT
Financial Institutions Demand
This in Favor of
Coin.
EXPERIENCE OF A DEPOSITOR
His Roil of Notes Was Separated
From the Hard Money and
Eiduced in Value.
The commercial banks yesterday deter
mined that national bank notes were not
in demand at their face value and, there
fore, a discount of one-half of 1 per centum
was placed upon those notes.
This paper money was refused in more
than one bank unless a reduction of 50
cents on the $100 was allowed. It is well
known that the banks have shown an in
clination to be strictly conservative, and
this latest movement is said to be in favor
of hard money.
This action on the part of the bankers
was brought to the attention of The Call
through a transaction with Borel & Co.,
the private banking firm at 311 Mont
gomery street. A client of the Borel
Bank went into the office of the bank
yesterday to pay in about $800. When he
deposited the money upon the counter
the cashier surprised him by stating it
wonld have to be examined.
"It is all good," remarked the customer.
"We don't doubt that at all," was the
reply. "But you have some paper money
there."
"Well, what if I have?"
"If there are any national bank notes
in the roil I must charge you one-half of
1 per cent on them."
The paper money was counted over and
$85 in notes was found in the roll.
"That's 10 cents I lose on every $20 that
I deposit in national bant notes," the
customer observed.
"Yes, at the present time."
The inference from this remark was that
the banks might place these notes at a
still greater discount.
"I was completely taken back," said the
man who was thus forcibly impressed
with the fact that national bank notes are
at a discount in the banks of San Fran
cisco. "I asked for information upon this
change of front. 'Where did the order
come from?' I asked when the cashier told
me 'those are our orders.' He replied
'from next door.' Next door is the Nevada
Bank, and he pointed in that direction.
He then stated the word had been given
out by the Nevada Bank, and I have been
given to understand that all the com
mercial banks are doing the same thing."
Cashier Thomas Brown of the Bank of
California stated that the total business
in paper money passing through his in
stitution in the year would probably not
exceed $10,000. Almost everything here
was done in the financial world through
the medium of silver and gold, he said,
and then added that conditions were un
changed. Gold was received and gold
paid out, silver in fractional sums. As
for paper money he knew of no discrimi
nation here, but thought it possible that
Eastern banks might have done a little in
that way.
The Safe Deposit and Trust Company's
seoretary, J. Dalzieil Brown, stated that
his bank had not made any change. Busi
Protection for Home Products Shown to Be the Only
Safeguard for Manufacturers and
Workmen,
in her home markets for the sale of their
so-called raw materials. Why? To en
able her to fix the price of what she buys.
It has also been and is her policy to force
all other nations to compete in her home
markets for the purchase of her finished
products. Why? To enable her to fix the
price of what she sells. Of course that is
business, and if England can enforce such
policies she will, indeed, become the mis
tress of the world. This policy she^en
forced upon us under the Confederacy."
Under the policy of the Wilson bill, the
I measure hotly championed by William
Jennings Bryan, the glass industries of the
United States have fared badly, and
there has been absoluielv no new growth
of the industry, in spite of the fact that the
growth of the country's general business
and population is calling for constantly
i more of the products that come under the
general heading of glassware and earth
enware. Under protection something sub
stantial in glass manufacturing might
have been done on this coast, but now
even our wine bottles come from Ger
many.
It is, like other problems affected by the
tariff, all a question of wages and policy.
j If the country runs to free trade Ameri-
I can producers cannot compete with the
foreign goods. Why? Because the labor
cost in this land of the free is infinitely
greater than in Europe, where men work
like slaves.
Some of the reasons appear more clearly
in the replies of manufacturers made to
the Tariff Commission that inquired into
these matters two years ago.
Here is what Burgin & Sons of Phila
delphia say. They are well-known manu
facturers of glass bottles:
"To remedy the depression manufacture
everything that can be made in this coun
try and import as little as possible. Pay
good wages, so that the people can live
like men and not like the same class in
Europe. (I have failed to see any work
men in our line of trade living there any
thing like the poorest in this country.)
"Prices have decreased. The European
manufacturers to a very large extent sell
goods for export at a much lower price
than their home price, so that they can
! get rid of any surplus and keep prices up
at home. In fact, I have known cases
where thousands of boxes of glass were
piled up alongside of railroads in Europe
waiting for vessels to take them to Amer
| ica at a low rate of freight, and was mi
i formed by the agent that it was better to
ness in all departments was the same as it
had been some time ago.
Lovell White, cashier of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, said: "Conditions
have been the same, though there have
been some withdrawals of money from
the banks, both commercial and savings,
and that monej has been hoarded, and of
course the reduction of the available
money has a far-reaching effect. It restricts
loans, renders it impossible for merchants
and others to meet their obligations, and
the necessity of raising money by those
most in need compels the sale of securi
ties and real property. This necessarily
carries down prices of both and is calcu
lated to produce demoralization. The
banks are meeting their obligations while
the people are suffering for lack of cus
tomary accommodations.
"It is a mistaken idea that the banks of
the Nation, of any given State or any
eiven city, combine for political cbjeots.
They don't derive benefit from financial
distress in the community and are only
anxious that things should go along
smoothly without panic.
"We are handling gold and silver the
same as ever; we demand payment in
gold, and can, therefore, pay in the same
coin, and the smaller or fractional sums in
silver."
WENT ASHORE IN A FOG,
Narrow Escape of the Steamer
Point AreDa at Point
Reyes.
An Exciting Run for This Port With
Water Pouring in Through a
Large Hole.
The dense fog that has hung along the
coast for the past few days, and which
caused the wreck of the steamer St. Paul,
came near causing the wreck of another
steamer, the Point Arena.
On Sunday at 5 o'clock in the afternoon
the Point Arena left this port on its regu
lar run to the ports along the northern
coast. A dense fog settled down and the
little steamer was soon out of her course.
She was set in shore by a treacherous
current and went ashore at Point Reyes.
Luckily the rising tide lifted her from the
rocks, and Captain Johnson made for this
port as fast as possible, for a large hole
was punched in her hull by the sharp
rocks.
The Point Arena arrived this morning
about 1 :30 o clock leaking badly. Captain
Johnson lost no time in running to the
Mission-street wharf, where a dozen or
more passengers were quickly landed.
As soon as the human freight was safely
put ashore the steamer was run to the
Mission mud flats, where the water is
shallow. The captain stated that the Tea
sel was badly punctured by the sharp
rocks and it was with difficulty that he
was able to bring the vessel into port.
A Young Russian Captain.
Captain Tllashovitch of St. Petersburg, a
young officer in the Bussian army, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday and registered from
Manitou, Colo., where he stayed for six dßys
on the way to this coast. He is spending a
four months' leave of absence in seeing as
much as possible of the United States, for this
is his first visit to America, and he says it may
be his last, as leaves are not numerous. It took
three weeks for him to travel from the Russian
capital to New York. About 1000 army officers,
he says, are graduated each year from all the
military schools in Russ>iß. Captain Tliasho
vitch was graduated with a class of seventy in
1885 from the military academy of St. Peters
burg. He is eager to meet some of his country
men in this City belore going south.
Caiifornia Slate.
Information recently reached the office of
the Manufacturers and Producers' Association
that in the construction of new Government
buildings at the Presidio military postKastern
slate is to be used. To-day Assistant Secretary
F. H. Dingle will call upon the army officers
In charge of the work and endeavor to
persuade them to use California slate, which
Is equal in quality and cheaper in price than
the Eastern article.
Some of the Belgian coal mines are very
deep. In a pit at PVnu coal is now being
"got" 3700 feet below the surface. At an
other pit, at Montigny-sur-Sambre, a coal
seam is worked 3000 feet deep.
.Loans on watcljes, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Hurls', 16 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
get rid of surplus, even if it brought only
freight and duty, with the hopes of get
ting more."
From this it appears that under Bryan
ism the American producer has to com
pete not only with European wages but
with European-made goods manufactured
for export at a cost under that calculated
for home consumption.
In the same line is the opinion of a
stanch Democratic firm, the Woodbury
Glass Works of Woodbury, N. J., makers
of bottles. They said to the commission
that proposed the law Bryan loved so
well:
"We are Democrats; have always been
snch; but if the Wilson bill becomes a
law and reduces the duty on bottles and
allows the duty to still remain upon soda
ash, the Republican majority in this dis
trict will be greater at the next election
than it has ever been before.
"The Wilson bill, in our opinion, is
turning good Democrats into Republicans
to protect themselves. We cannot com
pete with the labor of Europe, but give us
free raw material and a reasonable tariff
upon the manufactured article and we
can pay our present rate of wages, for we
can produce with the American workman
more goods than the foreign workman
can in the same number of hours."
That is another line example of an im
partial opinion of a Democratic measure
that accomplished nothing for the coun
try. But here is the opinion of the Amer
ican Glass Works. The president of the
company says:
"We are in favor of a specific duty, for
the reason that an ad valorem duty is
taken advantage of by unscrupulous im
porters and is detrimental to our in
terests as manufacturers. We consider a
specific duty of 1 per cent per pound on
all green and amber bottles fair and equit
able, and about the only thing that will
place us on an equal footing with the
foreign manufacturer. Our reasons are as
follows: With the Dresent specific duty
of 1 per cent per pound we are barely able
to hold our own against foreign importa
tions. It is true the importations in our
line have not been as large as those in
other lines, but this i 3 largely due to the
fact that much of our goods is sold to
smail buyers, who order only when they
are in actual need, and who have their
name and registered trademark blown
into their bottles and cannot wait on the
goods until they are made in Europe and
shipped over. " Plain ware, such as wine
BUCKLEYITES AND
THEIR MANY CLUBS
Will Try to Organize the
Silver Forces by City
Precincts.
READY FOR FUSION, TOO
They Forge Ahead Again With
a Brilliant Club Plan and
Other Things.
DEMOCRACY SLOWLY WAKENS
The State Advisory Committee Decides
on a Quorum and Fusion
Awaits Developments.
The Buckley Democratic general com
mittee devoted its regular weekly meeting
last night to getting into the middle of
the general Bryan campaign by adopting
an elaborate and well-considered scheme
of forming precinct silver clubs through
out the City apart from the municipal
party organization.
This action will result in the formation
of nearly 300 local Democratic clubs, and
is in accordance with the recent recom
mendation of State Chairman Alford that
precinct clubs be formed. It is also the
first action looking to the formation of
clubs taken in this City, although large
and enthusiastic Republican clubs have
long been multiplying in every district.
The meeting, over which Chairman
Rothschild presided, filled the commit
tee's large hall at 324 Ellis street.
When the minutes were read. John Mc-
Carthy, president of the Occidental Club,
moved to strike from the recond those hot
resolutions adopted at the last meeting
denouncing Election Commissioners Crom
well, Broderick and Block for their formal
recognition of the Junta as the reeular
local party. He said that they would do
no good.
But everybody in the hall seemed to be
enthusiastically with Thomas Egan, who
objected to any striking out.
"Who are Mr. Broiierick and Mr. Cres
well and Mr. Block that they dare to
throw down the gauntlet to us", the repre
sentatives of the Democratic party,"
roared Egan — "they who fawn and cringe
before the Junta? Stand up and show
that you have at least manhood to stand
up for your rights."
He was loudly ch&ered and the resolu
tions were preserved.
Then, by a resolution offered by Godfrey
Fisher, the dates for enrollment, primary
and municipal convention were changed
to dates about a week earlier, fixing enroll
ment for the 24th inst., the primary for
September 4, and the municipal conven
tion for September 8 instead of the 15th.
Secretary Gavitjan explained that this
change was to enable the fighting com
mittee to get into court earlier with the
proposed test case as to which local organ
ization has the right to the name "Demo
crat" on the official ballot.
At the last meeting it was provided that
the chairman should appoint a committee
to confer with "all organizations friendly
to the free coinage of silver," for the in
definitely expressed purpose of effecting
fusion arrangements of some and any sort,
and Chairman Rothschild announced the
committee as follows:
P. D. Ryan, Thomas Egan, J. B. McCloskey,
T. E. Treacy, P. F. Dundon, John O'Brien, T. J.
Clancy, L. J. Uolan, M. G. Sears, J. C. Nealon,
M. J. Donovan, Frank Malloye, J. B. Mclntyre,
R. Mattingiy, James O'Connor, A. M. Arm
strong, Charles McCarthy, William Fitzgerald.
This committee, which had already held
a meeting, presented a report, read by Sec
retary D. M. Gavigan, which nrovided for
ail kinds of fusion in the following resolu
tion:
Resolved, That a certain day be fixed by this
committee upon which a conference will be
held of representatives from organizations fa
vorable to the cause of the free and unlimited
coinage of silver and to the nomination and
and export beer bottles, are sold as cheap
in this country as they can be imported,
with perhaps a 10-cent better price per
gross on the American production than
on the foreign. Any reduction in daty on
our line of goods will necessitate a reduc
tion in wages."
It is thus seen that the one tendency of
such free-trade ideas as William Jennings
Bryan preaches is to reduce the wages of
American laborers to the point of starva
tion. Lest tne reader tnink this a mere
dream ol a theorist let him read still more
evidence of those who ought to know.
The North Baltimore Glass Company
says:
"The American glass-blower earns wages
and is paid at the rate of $5 to $7 per day,
the foreign blower earning on the same
basis about $14 per week and existing on
the bare necessaries of life. There are
strong reasons to be advocated why it is
just that the American blower should be
paid the.-<e wages. At the age of 45 he be
comes useless to his trade, and the char
acter of his duties is such, subjecting him
at all times to the intense heat of the
furnace, severe on body and mind, necessi
tating the better quality of food to restore
the strength of body.
"If the rate of duty upon our class of
manufacture were reduced one-third it
would necessitate a reduction in the cost
of quart bottles of 72 cents per gross and
on pint bottles of 48 cents, which is
about a proportion of 15 per cent in the
present cost, which would of necessity fall
solely on American labor, as the principal
ingredients in the raw of our manufacture
consist of sand, found in the immediate
vicinity, costing us at present $1 75 per ton
delivered at the factory, and representing
as principal cost the railroad freight and
labor to mine the sand; secondly, soda
ash, manufactured in England only and
entering our ports with an ad valorem
duty of $5 per ton."
But a more striking, positive and con
vincing illustration comes from the
Rochester Tumbler Company of Roches
ter, Pa., who testify directly to the bene
ficent effects of a Republican protective
tariff. Showing that it caused prosperity,
they say :
"A specific duty is the only duty that
protects against the fraud of undervalua
tion. To bridge the difficulties of naming
either a specific or an ad valorem duty
that will meet all kinds of blown and cut
tumblers which we make, as well as en
graved and decorated tumblers, on which
election of candidates favorable thereto; that
said committee from each organization consist
of Eeven members, and that an invitation be
issued by the conference committee for eaid
representatives to meet in this building at
such time.
The following recommendation was also
reported by the conference committee :
The committee recommends to the con
sideration of the general committee that
a committee of three be appointed from
each Assembly district to seiect one rep
resentative from each precinct in the sev
eral districts whose duty it shall be to can
vass the precinct and obtain as members
of a club for said precinct the names of all
persons favorable to the free and unlimited
coinage of silver.
This recommendation contained the
plan for going about the organization of
clubs, and it was adopted with the rest of
the report.
Jt\ F. Dundon and others explained that
that was the plan and Chairman Roths
child started the club organization ma
chine by appointing the following district
committees of three to name the precinct
hustlers:
Twenty-eighth District— J. Brown. Lawrence
Buckley", George McElroy.
Twenty-ninth— P. H . Shaniy, J. D. Courtney,
H. Stein.
Thirtieth— E. Isaacs, James McQueeney, John
T. Doyle.
Thirty-first — Thomas O'Donnell, Cass Le
Claire, P. J. Tannian.
Thirty-second— H. B. Goecken, James Boyd,
James J. Rooney.
Thirty-third— Ernest Zimmerman, Jeremiah
Toomey, Thomas Godsill.
Thirty-fourth — John J. Sheehan, Herman
Yost, Fred Raabe.
Thirty-fifth— Michael Kiernan, John Win
drow. P. J. Carr.
Thirty-sixth— Arthur O'Brien, H. B. Morey,
Henry McGrath.
Thirty-seventh — Harry Mulcreavy, Frank
Foley, William Clack.
Thirty-eighth— Peter Garrity, John A. Don
nelly, P. S. Fay.
Thirty-ninth — Joseph Baxter, W. H. Lowe,
Godfrey Fisher.
Fortieth— John T. Bennett, John Heeney
James J. Harrison.
Forty-fim— Stephen Potter, Henry Brown, P.
J. Smith.
Forty-second— M. E. Haley, E. T. Mills, R.
Lee.
Forty-third— Robert C. Scott, John M. Crane,
F. E. Durham.
Forty-fourth— G. F. Callahan, J. D. Sweeney,
John E. Burke.
Forty-fiftn— Fred Callundan, Arthur Forcade,
Joseph Castro.
This elaborate club organization scheme
quickly and clearly blossomed into fur
ther completeness. Secretary Gavigan
displayed full sets of printed matter ready
for the work and ready ior the committees
who were systematically asked in succes
sion to step oat to a front room and get
their supplies, while Secretary Gavigan
explained them.
There were enrollment blanks headed
"Proposed Association of Democratic Free
Coinage of Silver Clubs," which are to be
signed in each precinct. Then followed a
blank application from the precinct clubs
for enrollment in the proposed associa
tion.
There was also even a printed form of
constitution for the clubs all ready for
prompt consideration on organization. As
the proposed clubs are expected to evi
dence the general party patriotism of the
Buckleyites for one thing and to indirectly
re-enforce their showing of numbers and
power, the declaration of principles offered
is interesting and as follows:
The objects of this ciub are as follows ;
To demand the free and unlimited coinage of
both gold and silver at the present ratio of 16
to 1, without waiting for the aid or consent of
Great Britain or any other nation.
To foster and disseminate Jeflersonian prin
ciples of government.
To preserve the constitution of the United
States, the autonomy of States, local self-gov
ernment and freedom of elections.
To resist revolutionary changes and the cen
tralization of power.
To oppose the imposition of taxes, municipal,
State and Federal, beyond the necessities of
government economically administered.
To promote economy in all branches of the
public service.
To oppose unnecessary commercial restric
tions for the benefit of the few at the expense
of the many.
To oppose class legislation; which despoils
labor and builds up monopoly;
To co-operate with the regular organization
of tho Democratic party in support of honest
men and honest measures.
The new ciub organization enterprise
being started on its way, Chairman Roths
child named the following as a commit
tee to confer with Populists or anybody
else about combining local forces: Dr.
James I. Stanton, J. 0. Nealon, James
H. O'Brien, Thomas Egan, M. J. Dono
van, Thomas Ford, T. J. Gallagher.
With this new start the committee ad
journed for one week.
A GOLD CONVENTION.
John P. Irish and Others to Call
One Very Soon.
The gold Democrats are about to take
steps to call a State convention for the
appointment of delegates to the National
Convention to be held in Indianapolis
September 2, and for the creation of a
State Central Committee. Nominations
goods 85 per cent orj the cost of plain
blanks is labor, and all cutting and engrav
ing is labor, there should be both a specific
duty of 5 to 10 cents per dozen and an ad
valorem duty of 60 per cent, as at present.
The increase from 45 to 60 per cent under
the McKinley bill resulted in stimulating
domestic production of our goods."
While hundreds of like testimonials as
to the benefits of protection might be sub
mitted it is seldom that a stronger one is
found than that of Dorfineer & Sons of
White Mills, Pa., makers of table glass
ware. They say :
"We recommend a specific duty of 10
cents per pound on weight oi" glass and 45
per cent ad valorem of invoice price.
"Fine glass has been made in this coun
try for over fifty years, and to-day the best
grade is unequaledfor color and brilliancy.
The sand used is from the Berkshire Hills,
Massachusetts, and is reputed to be the
purest silica that is mined. All the other
materials are imported.
"A very fine glass is made in England
and is imported here, but the bulk of the
importations is from Prance, Belgium,
Sweden and Germany. This latter make,
while not so good as the domestic, is much
lower in price, even at the present duty of
60 per cent.
"In the manufacture of cut glass labor
represents about four-fifths of the co9t,
and in the selling price ii stands for two
thirds, while one-third covers the value of
the material, the cost of selling, office and
other expenses and the margin of profit.
"The difference in the wages between
this country and Europe is very great.
From very reliable information we give
the following table of the wages paid in
the different countries: In the United
States the average Journeyman glass
cutter earns $18 per week. The same man
in England would get $8, in Belgium $5
and in Bohemia and other parts of Ger
many much less than in Belgium. In the
blowing oi glass the factory is divided into
shops, a shop usually consisting of five
persons — three men and two boys. On the
basis of the running of a shoD in the
United States of the grade of glass that is
made for cutting the average wages are
i $15 per day for tho shop. In England the
same shop earns $7 50 per day, in Belgium
$3 20 and in Bohemia s. ill less.
"In the United States the glass-cutters
and glass-blowers are skilled mechanics,
enjoying journeymen's wages only after a
long apprenticeship.
"There are in the United States fifteen
principal factories manufacturing cut
glass, and, as far as we can determine
after a careful investigation, there are em
ployed in the3e factories about 2000 hands,
and the annual product is, under normal
conditions, about $2,000,000."
Let the workingman decide, after read
ing these direct testimonials of practical
men. whether he will vote for free trade
and its greatest exponent, William Jen
nings Bryan, or whether he will cast bis
ballot for protection and prosperity, as
represented by William McKinley, the
peerless champion of home industries and
American labor.
for electors will probably be made at the
same time.
The cali for this convention will be is
sued within two or three days, and it will
be signed by John P. Irish, E. B. Pond,
John J. Valentine and a|number of other
Democrats who are unable to stomach
Bryan and the Chicago platform, and
whose Democracy is too deer>-seated to
allow them to vote for McKinley.
The call will be sent to quhe a number
of Democrats throughout the State who
are in sympathy with the Indianapolis
party mov merit.
The convention will be a sort of volun
tary getting together ot leading Demo
crats, who will act with about the same
degree of authority as did the provisional
National Committee which met in Indian
apolis the other day.
"I see that the Bryan National Commit
tee threatens to prevent tne use by this
organization of the name 'Democrat,'
using legal proceedings, if necessary,"
said John P. Irish yesterday in discussing
the important movement of which he is
the most active leader in this State.
"If they attempt by force to prevent at
the polls a free expression of opinion they
will get at the polls an expression of
opinion that they will not soon forget.
The Democrats of this State will not fail
to notice the proposition now at the front
that even the party name in this State
and the so-called party organization are
to be entirely swallowed up and set aside
and a so-called silver party or committee,
in conjunction with tne Populists, will
put up the money and carry on Bryan's
campaign.
"The millionaires who either want a
premium on gold from their gold mines
or who want to compel people to pay two
prices for the silver dug from their silver
mines, having captured the works, pro
pose to run the campaign to suit them
selves. From their own Btandooint they
are wise and prudent. When men buy
and pay for platforms and tickets they
certainly ought to do as they please with
their own property."
STATE DEMOCRACY.
T. Carl Spelling Will Write the First
Campaign Document.
The Democratic State Advisory Com
mittee held its second meeting yesterday
afternoon at the headquarters in the Cal
ifornia Hotel darkly, and informally dis
cussed the rather discouraging campaign
outlook in various phases, and decided
that nine of the twenty-five members
should constitute a quorum, and that
members of the committee may give prox
ies to members of the Slate Central Com
mittee.
Chairman Eugene N. Deuprey, Gavin
McNab, State Chairman Alford, W. W.
Foote, M. J. Laymance and Samuel
Braunhart were among the campaign lead
ers who talked things over in executive
session in the bilhara-room.
Chairninn Alford did not yesterday ap
point the Democratic committee on fusion,
but will do so in a day or so. T. Carl
Spelling is the busiest member of the
new literary committee. He has been
delegated to prepare the first campaign
document to be issued by the committee.
It will be a little pamphlet on the silver
question, to which Mr. Spelling has given
so much attention.
Congressman Maguire returned to the
City yesterday and dropped into the State
headquarters last evening. Ben Maddox
of Visalia, the associate secretary, is ex
pected to arrive to-day and take hold of
his duties. R. P. Troy, the other secre
tary, is already settled at his desk.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Repub'icans Assemble at American
Hall and Ratify the Nomination
of McKinley and Hobart.
The Forty-second Assembly District Mc-
Kinley Club is an active Republican or
ganization with an enrollment of 190
members. The officers are: President,
Charles Easton; secretary, William Colli
gan; treasurer, Joseph Murray; financial
secretary, D. Bchultz; sergeant-at-arms,
Harry Kenny, and chairman of the execu
tive "committee, John Reily.
The club meets every Monday night.
Last evening the members assembled at
American Hall, corner of Pacific avenue
and Leavenworth street, and held a Mc-
X inley and Hobart ratification meeting.
A large audience listened to eloquent and
convincing Republican arguments Dy Col
onel Eddy, Major Kyle and George W.
Elder. Tne music was furnished by Bren
ner's quartet.
The committee on resolutions pre
sented the following preamble and resolu
tions wh.ch were adopted unanimously:
WuEr.KAg, The Republican party has placed
before tui3 people for their suffrage able rep
resent t'.ives for the offices of President and
Vice-President of this country in lac perioua
of William McKinley of Ohio and Garrett A.
Hobart of New Jersey, men whom we believe
will relieve the prevailing distress, restore
prosperity, and whose administration will be
a credit and honor to this nation ; be it
Resolved, That we, the Forty-second Assem
bly District McKinley Club, do hereby in
dorse the nomination of William McKinley
and Garrott A. Hobart for the offices of Presi
dent and Vice-President of this country; and
it is further
Resolved, That we indorse the proceedings of
the convention at St. Louis and indorse the
platform there adopted; and it is further
Resolved, That we Indorse the appointment
of John D. Spreckles as committeeman from
this State: and be it further
Resolved, That we indorse the Republican
County Committee and John M. Chretien and
Harry N. Gray as County committe emen from
the Forty-second Assembly District; and be it
further
Resolved, That we indorse the nomination of
Hon. H. G. W. Dinkelspiel for Congress from
the Fourth District aud pledge him our hearty
support.
FOR LOUD AND LE COUNT.
The Thirty-Seventh District Repub
licans Give Voice to Their
Choice.
The regular bimonthly meeting of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District Repub
licans was held last night at Hildebrandt's
Hall. The following executive committee
was appointed: W. J. Blattner, F. Eggers,
James Stevens, R. Rotholtz, James Brenan,
William Gallagher, H. Borren, Charles
Fancher, John Crowley.
Addresses were made by Colonel J. H.
Roberts, J. E. Fields, I. Kiacaid, and A. R.
Walcott entertained with a violin solo.
George Olmi, late of the Tivoii, rendered
several excellent solos.
Gallaeher and Heffernan, Richard Mc-
Creedy and others entertained the club.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, Realizing the efficiency of and
knowing the vast amonnt of good that could
be accomplished by the Hon. Eugene F. Loud,
and whereas, the delegates in the Fifth Con
gressional District Convention assembled
have manifested their good judgment by
the nomination of that esteemed statesman,
Hoti. Eugene F. Loud, therefore be it unani
mously
Resolved, That we. the District Republican
Club, do heartily indorse, and pledge ourselves
to do all in our power by fair and honest
means to re-elect the Hon. Eugene F. Loud to
Congress from the Fifth District
J. P Le Count was indorsed for Super
visor from the Tenth Ward.
ACTIVE REPUBLICANS.
The Forty-Second District McKin
ley Club Holds a Ratifica
tion.
The Forty-second Assembly District Mc-
Kinley Club, one of the most active of the
recently organized campaign clubs, held a
rousing meeting in American Hall, corner
of Pacific and Leavenworth streets, last
evening. Charles Easton presided and
William Colligan acted as secretary.
Colonel T. V. Eddy made a red-hot Re
publican speech, in which he lauded Mc-
Kinley and protection. C. W. Kyle dealt
with the financial question in an interest
ing and instructive manner. A string or
chestra furnished musical selections. The
club, although only organized three
weeks, boasts a membership of 180.
*
INDORSED DINKELSPIEL.
Republicans of the Twenty-Ninth
Express Their
Views.
A special meeting of the Twenty- ninth
District McKinley Club was held at 733
Howard street, Michael Shaughnessy pre
siding. The following resolutions were
adopted:
Whereas, The delegates of the Fourth Con
gressional District have nominated for Con
gress the Hon. Henry Dinkelspiel, a tried and
true Republican, one who has the confidence
of the people and the interest of the Republi
can party at heart; therefore be It
Resolved, That this organization Ignore all
other candidates, and pledges its members to
do all in their power for the success of the
Bedroom Suits.
"Red Letter Days" are over. We've
skimmed through the stock books and find a
large number of broken lots in bedroom suits.
We'll use the next two weeks to clear out the
one-of-a-sort kind and make room.
Prices are reduced a good deal — a great
deal in some cases.
To start out with we men- More Pictures take
tion suit like picture at $75 Bedroom U r a great de , a
M 01 room ; well
-was $110. Suits.; mention a few
Very choice . oak, quarter- prices and in-
sawed (shows the rich grain), vite you to the store to see
hand-rubbed polish ; splendidly the furniture,
carved. Heavy oak suit, $235 was
. Large dressing bureau, . ar- $300. Richly carved,
ranged with cheval glass and Dainty maple suit, $55— was
toilet cases. :• . • . "'i* •■', .. \ , .„! ,
.._,--. Oak suit, carved and polished,
Mirror is French plate, deeply $90— $24. " : DM ]
cut bevel. "Golden birch suit, $135— was
Picture doesn't begin to $160 (you know what a beauti-
■l ' .': r . r • 1 ful grain it has). . >
show Us fine points— finish 0 6 ak : suit, ' $95 __ wag $130.
and carvings. . Massive. '
CALIFORNIA FORNITDRE COMPANY,
N. P. Cole & Go., ; ..'.'. carpeu.
j ■ 1 1 7-1 2 1 j Geary Street. : Mattingi,
Hon. H. G. W. Dinkelspiel, the regular nom
inee of the great Republican party.
One hundred and forty members an
swered the rollcall. Several prominent
members of the organization expressed
their views on the leading political ques
tions of the day. Thirty-six new members
signed the roll. The club is making ar
rangements for having a grand banquet.
A vote of thanks was tendered to Presi
dent M. Shaugnessy for his able manner
in conducting the business pertaining to
the organization.
The Lioud Guard.
The Loud Guard reorganized in the
Thirty-sixth District last evening. The
following officers were elected: A. Att
ridge, president; N. E. Mason, first vice
president; William Gleeson, second vice
president; Joseph Sheerer, third vice
president; P. J. Gray, secretary; William
Wright, treasurer. Speeches were made
by prominent Republicans of the district.
I. P. Kincaid waa indorsed for Superin
tendent of Streets.
CHALLENGED TO DEBATE.
A Populist Nominee for Congress Anx
ious to DiociiMS the Money Question.
George W. Monteith, the candidate for
Congress of the Populists of the First Dis
trict, will to-day formally challenge Con
gressman Barham, the Republican repre
sentative in Congress from that district, to
a joint debate on the money question. Mr.
Monteith left town yesterday to go to
Santa Rosa to attend the County Conven
tion of the Populists of Sonoma County,
and while there will send the following
communication to his political adversary:
Hon. John A. Barham, Santa Rosa, Cal.— Deab
Sir: I herewith tender you a most courteous
invitation to debate the silver question at
Santa Rosa in the near future. The question
to be based either upon the money plank in
the Republican platform, in which case you
open and close, or upon that in the Populist
platform, in which I will assume the affirma
tive, accordingly as you may desire.
I am extremely anxious of meeting you in
debate, and should you wish to vary the plan,
I will endeavor to meet your wishes. Your
early reply will be appreciated.
G. W. Moktkith.
TERRILL AND JONES.
The Well-Known Cyclists Matched for
a Mile Kace.
The proposed match race between W. A.
'Terrill of the Bay City Wheelmen and Al
lan N. Jones of the Olympic Club Wheel
men was finally arranged yesterday, the
principals entering into the following
agreement:
San Francisco, Aug. 10, 1896.
We the undersigned agree to ride a match
race, best two in three, mile heats, at Central
Park track, Saturday, August 22, 1896, for a
purse of $300.
Single pacemaker to be allowed, two for each
heat, the last pacemaker to drop out in the
bacKstretch on the fifth lap.
William A. Terrill, B. C. W.
Allan N. Jones, O. C. W.
Witness: H. W. Spalding.
This will make a most interesting race,
as the men are two of the fastest profes
sional riders on the coast and are about
evenly matched.
Manager Fawcett, who is arranging the
meet to be held at Central Park on the
22d inst., is meeting with success and has
arranged a good programme. The Cycle
Board of Trade will meet at Varney's to
night to discuss the affair and will no
doubt support it heartily.
Warfield Has the Rafael.
The Hotel Rafael at San Rafael has been
leased for a long term of years by General War
field, proprietor of the California Hotel of
this City. He will take possession this week.
Hereafter both hotels will be under the same
management, a scheme which the lessee thinks
must result in greuter profit to each in the way
of cheaper supplies and more guests sent from
one place to the other. The principal change
in the San Rafael hotel will be that contrary
to the former custom it will not be closed dur
ing the winter months. Special reduced rates
will be made for the winter season, as the
townsDeople are particularly desirous to have
the hotel kept open the year round.
56
H3f£ r . J^tU'.
. charles M. SHORTRIDOE, ;
Editor and Proprietor. \
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaffe Free: ■ -
Dally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, Ox months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Wkeklt Call, one year, by jnall a»w
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation? If
.*, it >■ no trouble for us to forward THE CAU- to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
mitt it. Ordert given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO KXTBA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone : •• Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS: )
517 Clay Street.
lelfphone.. - Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
838 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
US Mailiutreet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Part Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOL.TZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY ~ AUGUST 11, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB FRFSIDKNT-
WILLIAH McKINLET, of Ohio
FOB VICF-PRBBIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or N&w Jersey
ELKCTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Who will introduce Mr. Bryan to the
people of New York?
A sound money basis is necessary for
the conduct of sound business.
The Bryan revolution will never make
the wheels of industry go round.
The Democrats may make a campaign
this year, but they are showing no signs of
it so far.
The people go to see Bryan as they go to
a circus, and having seen him they have
had enough of him.
Bryan has to run around to hunt tbe
people, while McKinley stays at home and
the people come to him.
It is easy enough for Democrats and
Populists to get together. It is the stay
ing together that grinds.
The trouble with Democracy in the East
is that so far from being able to carry a
State it cannot even carry itself.
What this country needs most is an in
come equal to its expenditures, and it will
never get that with a Democratic tariff.
The Cleveland Cabinet is so completely
demoralized at present the old man can
neither open it all out nor shut it all up.
Give to American industry the protec
tion it needs and it will soon furnish em
ployment for the people and restore pros
perity.
As long as we buy from Europe the
goods we should make at home our money
will go abroad and even free silver cannot
save us.
Democracy having blundered once will
blunder again, but the people, though
they blundered in 1892, will know better
this time. .
The sober second thought of the people
is rapidly settling the money question,
and before long Mr. Bryan will be trying
to dodge it.
Nearly every California producer has
been injured by the Democratic tariff, and
no promise of free-coinage salve is suffi
cient to cure the hurt.
The Democratic tariff for revenue only
has thus far increased the public debt by
over $262,000,000, and now tbe party lead
ers are declaring it isn't an issue.
So long as the Government spends more
than its income so long will it have to
borrow money, and as lorjg as it borrows
money the National credit will be bad.
When Bryan is notified of his nomina
tion tbe older leaders of his party should
tell him a few other things along with it
so that he will know a little more than he
knows now.
The Republican pledge to promote in
ternational bimetallism can.be trusted, for
the party lias never broken a pledge, but
what is a Democratic promise- worth to
the people of this country?
A canvass made by the Chicago meat
packers among the farmers and cattle
raisers with whom they deal shows an
overwhelming sentiment in the Mississ
ippi Valley in favor of sound money.
Having reduced the prices of all Califor
nia products by lowering the duty on the
products of foreign labor, the Democrats
now propose to remedy the matter by re
ducing tbe value of tbe money for which
our products are sold.
Every American workingman knows to
day the value of the dollar he gets for
wages, he knows also what the value will
be when llcKinley is elected, but he does
not know what it would be worth if our
finances were entrusted to Democratic
blundering.
Senator Gordon of Georgia, a gold Demo
crat, says that he will support the Chicago
ticket because he does not believe that, if
elected, Bryan will let the free silverites
run his administration; and now we know
just how much Senator Gordon values
Mr. Bryan's campaign pledges.
The only sure way for the American
farmer to free himself from the ruinous
competition of cheap-labor countries is to
ouild up a home market for his products,
and that can be done only by giving tbe
labor that maintains the home market the
protection which the farmer himself
wishes.
The Republican tariff was framed for
the double object of providing a revenue
for the Government and affording profit
able industrial opportunities for Ameri
can capital labor, and it did both; the
Democratic tariff was designed for the
one object of raising a revenue, and it did
not do that.
THE LEADING ISSUE.
It is reported from Canton that Major
! McKinley is receiving scores of letters
i from leading men in all parts of the
! country urging him to make the tariff the
main issue io the letter of acceptance
! which he is now engaged in preparing.
I The argument of each writer 13 that the
! excitement over free silver is declining,
j that there is a growing belief the ereat
I need of the country is work and wages,
I and that by the beginning of September
I the issue of paramount importance in tbe
! minds of the people will be the restoration
of the protective system.
These letters coming from all parts of
I the country show how widespread is the
; drift of sentiment away from free silver
I to protection. The drift is plainly dis
cernible in California. The people see
that the money question has reduced itself
j simply to a choice between Democratic
] silver monometallism and that inter
national bimetallism to which the Repub
j licati pany is pledged. In that choice the
: sober second thought of intelligent men of
\ all parties and all classes is on the side of
i bimetallism, and as this becomes more and
I more understood the conviction grows
I that the supreme need of the country is
: such legislation as will revive industry,
I put money into circulation and provide
' employment at good wages for all who are
i willing to work.
It is known that nothing went wrong
i with our National finances or with the
great industries of the country nntil after
the Democratic party attained pbwer on a
pledge to break down the protective sys
; tern and establish a tariff for revenue only.
; Immediately after that occurrence every
i thing went down. Some of the greatest
industries of California, such as wool,
raisins and lumber, were completely para
j ly zed and all were injured to a greater or
less extent. Equal disasters were felt all
over the Union. The National Govern
ment itself did not escape. The revenues
! fell off. The deficit increased month after
j month, imports exceeded exports, gold
j was sent to Europe to settle adverse trade
balances, the National debt advanced by
I leaps and bounds, confidence in trade and
J business was everywhere shaken, capital
j \va9 locked up, enterprise languished and
the most acute and prolonged period of
hard times known to our history closed
half the shops of labor and blighted every
home.
With this direful record fresh in the
public mind it is not strange that the
! people should turn away from the Demo
cratic talk of free silver as soon as the
novelty of it has worn off. As a new issue
it excited public curiosity for a time, but
now that the intent of it is comprehended
no one of intelligence cares to listen to it
any longer. The great mass of the people
are bimetallists, and they know that can be
achieved only by following tbe plan to
which the Republican party is pledged.
The one issue tnerefore is to set the wneel3
of industry moving again. That mesns a
return to the protective system and a
speedy re-enactment of the Republican
tariff.
— — -
WHAT SAN FRANCISCO WANTS
The averagb monthly transactions of
the San Francisco bank clearing-house
this year have been $55,000,000, and it has
required about 14 per cent of the exchanges
in cash to settle the balances. The busi-
ness of tbe clearing-house represents about
50 per cent of the total business of tbe
City, but it does not represent San Fran
cisco's trade with foreign countries. It
would seem, therefore, that the total home
business of San Francisco amounts to
about ?110,000,C00 a month ana that one
half of it is done by settling balances
which require only about $7,500,000 in
actual money. It would be difficult to
analyze the half of the City's business
which is not done through the clearing
house because of the credit which retailers
give their customers, but there is a greater
percentage of cash in band in transactions
outside than inside the clearing-house.
In these balance settlements and in the
liquidation of retailers' bills all the forms
of money used in this country are on a
parity, each form possessing the same
redemption power, but the underlying
thing of value and redemption measure
ment is 25.S grains of standard gold as the
unit of value. All our foreign as well as
all our domestic business transactions
recognize the absolute stability of every
form of our National money because every
form is convertible into that which stands
for the unit of value, but that is because of
the ability of the unit of value article to
take the place in person of every form of
dollar, whether of silver or paper.
It is said that there is some nervousness
in commercial circles and a disposition to
hide away the unit of value dollar be
cause of fear that should Bryan be elected
he would so increase the volume of the
several forms of money that the unit of
value money would be unable to hold
them at par, which would cause them to
depreciate in purchase power in the mar
kets and finally to become the only circu
lating money medium.
The possibility of such a condition exerts
a disturbing influence no doubt, but it is
conceded tbat were the volume of unit of
value money larger there would be little
to fear from Bryan or any one else of his
school of economics. That tlie volume of
unit of value money could be amply in
creased by conferring upon silver equal
importance with gold no one questions,
but even our local retail trade is so inti
mately related to the general domestic
and foreign commerce that it is easy to
see how disastrous it would be to every
enterprise, great or small, domestic or in
ternational, to introduce an inferior thing
into the monetary system to aid gold in
providing redemption money unless it
were done by and with the consent of all
concerned, so that all concerned would
work together to maintain the parity of
the metals employed for redemption.
No doubt the commerce of San Francisco
would expand a great deal if silver were
made co-equal with gold as money of re
demption, but it is conceded that unless
all commerce agreed to so employ silver
and maintain its parity with gold, our
bank clearings, as well as all other trans
actions, domestic and foreign, would soon
settle down upon a silver busis without
imparting to the silver dollar the quality
and function of unit of value money. San
Francisco wants the free coinage of silver
dollars that are as good as gold dollars,
but she wants no other kind of silver
coinage.
WORTH THINKING ABOUT.
Advocates of unlimited silver coinage
without international agreement will find
something to think about in the refusal of
Canadian bankers and merchants to longer
accept American silver dollars or silver
certificates at par. Until now any kind of
American money has passed current across
the border, but there is a suspicion that
the free and unlimited coinage of silver
will be adopted by this country indepen
dent of Canada and the other countries
with which we have trade relations and
tbe Canadians are making haste to drive
American silver out of their country be
fore independeut coinage is begun. It is
merely a precautionary measure for seri
protection, but our Canadian neighbors
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
are needlessly alarmed. The United States
will never adopt a debased currency.
It is pretty evident that the supporters
of Bryan's free-coinage proposition have
little if any faith in their cause. If they
had, as a matter of good business seuse
they would be gathering up all the silver
bullion, plate and Mexican dollars they
could find to hold until free coinage inde
pendent of other countries had been
adopted, when, according to Bryan, silver
would immediately advance to $129 per
ounce, which would be about double its
present value. It is the fact, however,
that not even the most reckless of Wall
street's speculators have enough faith in
Bryan's election to buy silver and hold it
for better prices. Nor do we hear that the
association of silver mine owners are
holding an ounce of the white metal for
Bryan's election to double in price.
But mine-owners, as well as Wall-street
speculators, are not blind to the fact that
tbe "Bryan free-silver craze" grows less
pronounced from day to day, and that the
sentiment supporting the international
plan of securing bimetallism is growing
in all parts of the country. No one sup
poses that there would not be hoarding of
silver bullion and Mexican dollars were
there any likelihood of the adoption of bi
metallism by this country alone. But
meanwhile Americans visiting Canada
should be sure to provide themselves with
money other than silver dollars, else they
would find themselves with dollars that
were subject to about 47 per cent discount.
This country is already gathering the first
fruits from the seed Altgeld and company
planted in the Chicago convention.
SEWALL IN PRINT.
Bryan's Northern runnine mate, Arthur
Sewall, rushed into print yestorday to say
that gold men in Maine are coming over
to his party because "they see it is not a
50-cent dollar, and not a repudiation which
we propose, but that it is real bimetal
lism." There is no doubt about Mr. Se
wall's fitness to train with the Altgeld
crowd, but being a millionaire like Alt
geld no doubt he has the cunning of the
Illinois man, and requires his debtors to
pay their bills in good, full weight
standard gold.
But it is evident that Mr. Sewall knows
more about how to squeeze the wages of
labor down to a pauper basis than be
knows about the science of money. Still
be is a national banker and should know
that he did not tell the truth when be said
his party stands for real bimetallism.
True bimetallism is not a matter for legis
lation. If it were lead, zinc, iron or any
other metal could be raised to the dig
nity of redemption money, and that, too,
without reference to the number of
pounds, ounces or grains to tbe dollar
piece. If tbe value of an article can be
fixed by Congress it is more the duty of
that body of lawmakers to double tbe
price of farm products than to doable tbe
price of mine products. The farmers of
this country dig more value to humanity
out of their fields in one year than all the
silver miners of the world dig out of their
hills and mountains in five years.
Suppose Congress should say that the
price of wheat shall be $1 at a given point
of accumulation and would make refusal
to pay that price a penitentiary offense.
W T ould that oblige Europe to add $500,000,
--000 a year to the price now and hitherto
paid for American farm produce? If not,
would an act of Congress oblige those of
other countries with whom we do business j
to accept 50 cents' worth of silver as the j
equivalent of 100 cents' worth of gold, zinc,
lead, iron or any other commodity? But
Lhe Maine labor-squeezer says an act of
Congress declaring 50 cents' worth of silver
to be the equivalent of 100 cents' worth of
gold would be "real bimetallism." It is
possible that Mr. Sewall knows enough of
the mysteries of levitation to carry him
self about by his boot-straps, but he is not
enough of an adept in occultism to so hyp
notize the people of this country that they
will believe 60 cents' worth of metal can be
transformed into 100 cents by an act of a
legislative body.
Evidently Tom Watson is the safer man
of the two would-be Vice-Presidents. At
all events, Watson knows when to quit
talking. He knows there is a limit to the
credulity of even the densely stupid.
GLASS AND TREE TRADE.
The story of glassware and earthenware
industries under free trade, as told in to
day's Gall, is almost a duplicate of the
story of wool, lumber and iron.
It is sbown conclusively by the testi
mony of experts and practical business
men, men who testify for protection irre
spective of party beliefs, that American
freemen cannot croduce bottles, table
class and other forms of glassware at a
profit if they have to meet the competi
tion of men who work at less than what
we regard as boys' wages in America.
The evidence submitted in to-day's issue
is that of thoroughly practical men of
affairs: "those who approach the subject as
business men rather than as politicians.
From their testimony there is no doubt
that the inequalities between the wages of
pauper Europe and well-paid America is
so great that the factories of this country
are always at a disadvantage when com
peting with those of other countries.
In San Francisco alone it is seen that a
steamer often brings from 30,000 lo 40,000
boxes of glassware from afar, and these
goods are sold at a price so low that
American factories cannot compete and
American worKmen are forced into idle
ness.
Glass, thus studied, takes its place with
lumber, wool, iron and countless other
industries that have been hurt by the free
trade policy of Bryan and the Democrats.
A FOOLISH QUESTION.
A stock phrase of 2x4 Democratic ora
tors is, "Are not the United States big
enough to do as they like?" Only a fool
would ask such a question. No nation
has ever yet thought itself "big enough"
to do altogether as it liked, and as for the
United State?, they are very far from be
inß in a position to live independent of
other countries.
In 1895, but not "without the consent or
aid of any other nation," we aold In for
eign markets American pfodflOti amount
ing to almost $800,000,000, tad '.f this
amount nearly $554,000,000 was \>*\<l for
the products- of American njcrUttiHurfl.
Farmers know, or they Bhould know, that
a very large percentage of their corn ko«»
to foreign markets in tbe shape of animals
and animal products and that it amounted
to over $1ti8,000, 0000 last year. On an av
erage about one-third of tbe wheat yield
of this country poes to Europe for buyers,
and last year it amounted to nearly $115,
--000,000. Europe, China and Japan take
.over two-thirds of our entire cotton croD,
and last year they paid us $205,000,000
for it.
Among other products of American
farms which were sold in foreign markets
last year we find, in round numbers,
$5,000,000 worth of fruit and nuts; bops,
nearly $1,900,000; cottonseed, $4,300,000;
fiaxseed, $2,900,000; cottonseed oil, $7,000,
--000; grass-seed. $2,850,000; leaf tobacco,
$26,000,000; vegetables, $1,545,000. Do farm
ers suppose this immense trade with other
peoples which they enjoy is "without the
consent or aid" of those to whom they sell
their produce? About what would be the
condition of the American farmer if for
eign buyers of their products ahould re
fuse to give their "consent" to trade with
this country? If the Southern cotton
planter who is crying for Bryan and Wat
son had a grain of common-sense he
would know tbat the policy of not waiting
"for the consent or aid of any other nation
on earth" means the reduction of his cot
ton acreage by fully two-thiids.
Now, what the .Republican party is aim
ing to do is first to protect our own indus
tries to the end that they may convert all
they can of American raw material into
merchantable articles. In doing that they
would give employment at good wages to
hundreds of thousands of working people,
who would in turn furnish a demand for
the farmers' provisions, breadstuffs, vege
tables and the like. But that would not
take all the products of the American
farms; besides, very many of the goods
and wares of our mills and factories would
have a demand in foreign markets, and so
our trade relations with other countries
would be enlarged.
The Republican party, instead of defy
ing other countries, would secure their
"consent and aid" to not only establish
close trade relations with us, but arrange
a mutual monetary system so that silver
might be added to gold as money to settle
trade balances and liquidate bills payable.
Bryan says he does not want the "consent
or aid of any other nation on earth" to
find markets abroad for our farm products
or for our goods and wares, nor in arrang
ing an international monetary system.
The difference Detween the purpose of the
parties is clear and distinct.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San luan is at the
Grand.
John McMullin of Fresno arrived at the Lick
last night.
State Senator A. J. Jones of Orovllle Is a
guest at the Grand. S"
J. M. Mormon, a lawyer of Uklah, is a late
arrival at the Grand.
Mrs. McCall, wife of the City Clerk of Stock
ton, is a guest at the Ramona.
J. D. Donham-Smith and wife, of England,
are late arrivals at the Palace.
C. R. Tillson, an attorney of Merced, is at
the Lick with his wife and child.
Captain Illashevltch of Manitou, Colo., ar
rived at the Occidental yesterday.
J. Hennessy, a mine-owner, of Sutter Creek,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Edward F. Haas, a Stockton lawyer, is among
the latest arrivals at the Occidental.
Charles C. Swain, an attorney of Stockton, is
one of the latest arrivals at the Russ.
Major I. J. Brice of the United States Fish
Commission is staying at the Palace.
J. M.*Poole of Chicago is in town again. His
name appears on the Palace register.
J. M. Buffington of Nevada City, one of the
county Supervisors, is a guest at the lick.
John Ford, a student of Virginia City, is at
the Russ on his way to Santa Clara College.
J. M. Buffington of Nevada City came to
town yesterday and has a room at the Lick.
L. C.Fletcher of the United States Geological
Survey returned yesterday to the Occidental.
James H. Wadworth, a cattle-dealer of Yreka,
is at the Lick with his mother, Mrs. Mary Wad
worth.
Benjamin P. Barker of the Olivina vineyard,
near Livermore, registered at the Occidental
yesterday.
Raphael Weill left the City last Saturday for
Europe. He expects to sojourn in Paris for
six months or more.
S. C. Evans of Riverside, capitalist, hotel
owner and owner of orange groves, registered
at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. Thomas D. Wood, professor of hygiene
and physical director at Stanford University,
is a guest at tbe California.
John Markley of Geyserville, secretary of the
Democratic State Central Committee, regis
tered at the Lick last night.
R. G. Hart, owner of the Texas Consolidated
mine at Hart, Shasta County, is registered at
the Ramona with his family.
R. N. Strauss of Yumaand R. B. Stephens of
Los Angeles are at the Grand. They have
come here on mining business.
John J. Squire of Santa Barbara, a senior in
the Hastings Law College, returned yesterday
from his vacation and registered at the Grand.
T. W. Bullock of Chicago, the railroad
builder and one of the projectors of the pro
posed Yosemite railroad, returned last night
to the Palace.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yesterday
was Sheriff S. D. Ballou, the San Luis Obispo
County official whose bloodhounds were em
ployed in the early search for Murderer Dun
ham.
John F. More, the Santa Barbara rancher and
brother of the late Alexander P. More, who
owned Santa Rosa Island, came up from the
south yesterday and took apartments at the
Palace.
Colonel John S. Mosby, the attorney for the
Southern Pacific Railroad, who has been ill for
the last two months at his home, 728 Sutter
street, is out and about again and was down
town yesterday.
Professor John N. Stillman, one of the early
graduates of the University of California and
head of the department of chemistry at Stan
ford University, arrived at the California In
company with Dr. O. L. Elliott, registrar of
Stanford University.
James C. Tyrrell of the Grass Valley Tidings
Is in the City. Mr. Tyrrell Is a delegate to the
Second Congressional Convention thai will
meet in Sacramento to-morrow. He says Grove
L. Johnson is his choice for the place and he
believes Mr. Johnson will be nominated,
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 10.— At the West
minster, Mrs. J. H. Bishop; Everett, Mrs.
Alexander; Grand Union, ur. Mahias, J. B.
Hitchford; Ashiand, J. F. Sheridan; St. Denis,
J.J. Winner; Albert, L. O. Covel; Imperial,
Miss Luvill; Windsor, Cowper Waithe ; Ven
dome, M. Koseuaom. Arrivals on the North
German ship Werra from Genoa— Rodeo, Miss
M. Jeffery. Arrivals on the North German
ship Havel from Bremen— San Francisco, Mrs.
Adeline Boschen, John and Mrs. Emma
Fischer, Alex Gerder; Palo Alto, George
C. Price; Sacramento, Mrs. Wilhelmina and
Mis» Emilie Bruning. Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Cun
ningham left the Westminster to sail on the
Cunarder Etruria for Liverpool.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I believe he had two sons; on« of them was
lost at sea and the other became Vice-Presi
dent of the United States."
"And, of course, neither of them was heard of
afterward ?"— Truth.
Moae Johnnon — Wot yo got so many light
ning rods on yonah house foh? — one's enough.
Jim Jackson — No 't ain't; lightnin' nevah
utriltes twice in de same place, yo' enow. —
Puck.
Sjiirlt (at Lily Dale seance) — Don't you know
me? lam the spirit of your mother-in-law.
Investigator— You can't fool me. My mother
in-law always brought her trunk with her.—
Buffalo Times.
"That Charlie Spindles is a horrid fellow,
isn't he?"
"Yen, but he once saved me from a mad
bull."
"How was that?"
"I saw Charlie coming and went through an
other field."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Maud— No, mamma, I shall not show myself
at the seaside this season.
Mammm^-Why not, my child?
Maud— Oh, I have lost so much flesh.— Pick-
Me-Up.
"Who would a-thought it!" exclaimed the
old man rapturously ; "here's John turned out
to be a writer fer the papers."
"Do tell!"
"Hit's a fact! Here's a paper what says he
Bells bacon cheaper, an' they jest can't beat
him on flour, an' his name signed to the whole
piece!"— Atlanta Constitution.
BERESFORD PUT THE EAGLE BACK
Ar\ Incident In the Life of a Qallant British 'NaVal Officer Jhat Has
JWo Versions.
An odd historical event is recalled in an odd way by William G. FitzGerald, a writer in
the last number of the Strand Magazine, in which the Pacific Coast career of Lord Charles
Beresford is rehearsed. When the now popular "hero of a hundred naval fights" was in San
Francisco he was a dashing midshipman who was noted for all kinds of reckless doings, several
of them resulting in severe physical hurts. It is remembered that at diSerent times he suffered
from a broken leg, a crushed diaphragm and a fractured collar-bone. It was in the cruise to
the Hawaiian Islands, however, that his most serious experience was encountered. In his
article Mr. FitzGerald says:
\ouug Bereslord would do tbe most outrageous things in sheer exuberance of spirit. When tbe
Clio touched at Honolulu he stepped ashore in search of adventure. As ootbing extraordinary turned
up he made for tbe American Consul's house, where be promptly climb«d the flagstaff and hauled down
the Stars and Stripes. Ue too* the flag to his sbip and slung it in a basket to the mainmast. Of
course, be was found out and then there was trouble. Both he and his companions were ordered to
replace the flag in broad daylight: but this Lord Charles refused to da His connection with the navy
would have ended there and tben had not a friend telegraphed details to his mother. Tbe Marchioness
at once sent this message : "Keplaca it for my sake." Then he consented, and even hired a photog
rapher to perpetuate the Interesting ceremony. After this the troublesome youth was sent home.
The late Dr. Mcßride, father of United States Senator G. W. Mcßride of Oregon, was the
United States Consul at Honolulu when young Beresford performed the audacious act above
referred to, and the writer of this heard him tell the story of the occurrence, giving it a some
what different phase.
According to Dr. Mcßride's account it was the shield emblazoned with an eagle that was
removed from the gate of the driveway at the consulate and not tne flag that was removed.
This is borne out by the photograph that is printed in half-tone engraving in the Strand
Magazine and reproduced herewith. It will be noticed that the young midshipmen are engaged
in replacing the eagle, and have nothing to do with the Stars and Stripes floating from a pole
at the rear of the scene.
When the outrage on the dignity of his country was reported to Dr. Mcßride, the shield
having been taken at night, he quietly demanded that the persons who took it away should put
it back at noon next day. The young fellows tried to beg off, but Uncle Sam's representative
was grimly persistent, saying that in no other way could tbe insult to his Nation be canceled.
He said that unless this demand were complied with he would deem it his duty to make the
occurrence a subject for international correspondence, with a demand for reparation from
the British Government.
The commander of the Clio ordered the young fellows to nail the eagle in its accustomed
position, and they did so. It may be true, as Mr. FitzGerald asserts, that a friend of young
Beresford telegraphed to his mother from Honolulu and that she at once sent a request for him
to replace the emblem, but ordinary people are unable to understand this feat of rapid inter
communication when one reflects that the proposed Hawaiian cable has not been completed
even yet.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
DANGER OF OVERCONFIDENCE.
Republicans Must Work With Energt to
Save the Country From Ruin.
Editor of The Call: In the Sun interview of
August 3, with the Hon. Bourke Cockran, he
states that he considers the political situation
the gravest In the history of the country, ex
ceeding in importance the crisis of 18U0, and
1 think that all who have eyes to see and ears
to hear the eigns of tue times will agree with
him, and that all loyal citizens who have the
honor of their country and its prosperity and
happiness at heart, Democrat and Repub
lican| alike, will surely awaken to the im
portance of the situation, and do their whole
duty, wiih vigor and earnestness of purpose.
The Repnblican party was beaten in the last
Presidential campaign for no other reason
than a lack of united effort; many to whom
mixing in politics is distasteful even neglected
the duty of voting, and thought that the
direction of the best interests of the country
was so apparant that their party had a walk
over, and as the result we had defeat, and
since the direful experience of the last tour
years; unless this attitude is entirely changed,
every man doing his duty, every officer on
guard and alert, we are in grave danger of fonr
more worse years than those passed through.
The object of this letter is to call your atten
tion and through your colums the attention
of tbe press throughout the country to the
pressing necessity, in order that all men may
vote understanding^, to inform the masses of
the people concerning the true issues at stake.
There are bo many people, loyal and intelli
gent, who have not the time to read books
and iong involved articles on the subject, but
who would read short, lucid, condensed state
menu of the situation inserted in a prominent
position in the daily papers and in prominent
type, so that "he who runs may read." Com
paratively few understand the silver question.
Many do not realize that the free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 is the last new
will-o'-the-wisp put forth to dazzle the eyes of
the unthinking and misinformed, so that they
may not see that their feet are treading the
road to destruction. The poor man will still
have to earn tha.so-cent dollar. How is he
going to do so if the wheels of our factories do
not turn, if enterprise be killed and money be
hoarded Instead of used in profitable indus
tries? A sorry plight Indeed for Dim to find
himself level with the pauper of Europe and
tbe pitiable hordes of China and Japan.
Let the press not fail in its duty at this im
portant time to inform and instruct the peo
ple. In that crisis so successfully passed, when
our lion-hearted President stood in anxiety
and distress, seeing Old Glory waving so tat
tered and beaten with shot and shell, and
made his appeal for "more money and more
men." the answer came ringing back from
every loyal heart in the country, "We are com
ing, Father Abraham, three hundred thousand
strong !" Even so let our citizens on November
3 next send toe answer to our chosen stand
ard-bearer for protection, patriotism, pros
perity, sound and honorable money, and a sur
cease from the do-nothing, dog-in-the-manger,
debt, disaster and stagnation-breeding policy
that has ruined so many of us, and threatens
to overturn the prosperity of our entire coun
try. Yours very truly, A.M.
I hope that you will publish this, or such
amended form of it, as you may see fit.
Mrs. adamxjs Morse.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES.
A Reputation of Recent Statkhents attrib
uted to the Labor Commissioner.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sib: "The Call speaks for all." We beg leave
to call your attention to a recent article in the
Report, the author of the article being E. L.
Fitzgerald, the Labor Commissioner.
We hope you will give room in your columns
to a refutation of Mr. Fitzgerald's absurd
charges in as far as they concern ourselves.
We do not keep a "robbers' den," as Fitzger
ald charges, but for almost twenty years have
carried on a legitimate employment business,
licensed by the laws of our native City. Our
methods are fully as honest as the Commis
sioner's, and we have acquired a knowledge of
the wants of both the employer and the em
ploye which said Commissioner stands badly
in need of. Our charges for obtaining posl-
tions for applicants average under 10 per cent,
and Fitzgerald's statement is false that we
charge from 10 to 100 per cent. We point also
to the fact that the different Benevolent Sort
eties of San Francisco indorse us by sending
us their pensioners or applicants and pay the
fees for the same. Among these societies are
the San Francisco Bonevolent Society, Eureka
Benevolent Society, British Benevclent So
ciety, Associated Charities, Swiss Relief Soci
ety, German Benevolent, etc. Properly con
ducted employment agencies have been in
dorsed, and, in fact, found a necessity in all
large cities, and the American workingman
patronizing the same It not as gullible, unedu
cated and stupid as £. L. Fitzgerald would
make him out to be.
Our American citizen in any walk of life
generally knows how to take care of himself
and needs uo demagogic guardian. By what
right does a government appointee presume to
condemn and threaten to close up any branch
of business honorably licensed by the same
State which has created this official?
Furthermore we question the right of the
Commissioner of the "Bureau of Labor Statis
tics" to carry on a free employment office in
the name ol the State of California. If the
Commissioner is rieht then our State is all
wrong in charging us $04 per year license to
conduct an employment agency and then not
only run opposition to us but allow the person
in charge of the State's concern to abuse us
like pickpockets. Private enterprise cannot
successfully compete with the State.
We beg leave, in conclusion, to remark that
the Bureau of Labor Statistics was created to
hunt labor statistics, not to Hunt down em
ployment agents, which latter from tne begin
ning has seemed to be its sole ooject. Very
respectfully, W.D. Eweb & Co.
AN AMBITION.
I saw a feller settin' an' a-blinfcin' at the sky;
He didn't go ter sleep. 'T was too much work ter
He bracetMils'bVck agin » tree an' listened at his
Ter the chlrpln' of the cricket an' the whisperln' ol
the breeze.
I tell ye! There was luxury; It done me good to
view—
To set a-doin' nothiV 'cause they's nothin' else
ter da
So jest yer keep a laborin 1 on, an' mind yer duty
An' keep a savin' up an' beln' watchful day an'
An' maSbe'yon will git ter where ye're toll an'
troubles close,
An' there won't be nothin' 'tall expected of ye but
repose;
Ter where, with folded hands an' all yer stints
done, good an' true.
You kin set a-doin' nothin* 'cause they's nothin'
else ter do. — Washington star.
A STYLISH PLAIN WAIST.
A perfectly plain waist, when properly cut
and well made, is a boon which nb woman of
limited means can afford to do Without. In
itself it is stylish and neat and suitable to
wear at »tt times. With fancy accessories in
the shape of fichues oj white mull, muslin or
Chiffon, square and round collars of ribbon vel
vet lace or lawn it may be made quite dressy.
A simple addition of ribbon in the shape of
belt, collar and bretelles also accomplishes this.
A black waist with white ribbons having a
tiny biack edge and rose-colored flowers was
noted for its style and simplicity.
The model shown here may be buttoned in
front, hooked at the shoulder and under-arm
seams or laced up in the back. It may be cut
round at the bottom or more pointed as shown
above.
The is exactly what is used as the founda
tion for blouse and other full waists, and so is
a very useful pattern. For an evening waist
tu'le or chiffon or lace gathered at top and
waist and finished with a soft belt of rose,
blue or other light colored velvet is very sty \.
ish and dainty.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Probably tbe largest farmer in Maryland x
General William McKenny, who owns sixty
farms, embracing 20,000 acres, and gives them
his personal attention.
George Cruikshank was constantly making
portraits of himself. A complete series of
these pictures from the time the caricaturist
was twelve years old is about to be issued in
London.
Rev. John Hall had his favorite Bible stolen
from him nearly a year ago, and the New Yorit
police nave just recovered it. He had the
Bible in a satchel, and it was stolen by a rail
road station thief.
The Minnesota State Historical Society will
place a pastel portrait of Ambrose Freeman in
the rooms of the society in St. Paul. Freeman
was a noted pioneer and officer of the army,
who was killed in the Sioux outbreak in 186' J.
General Cassius M. Clay has been continuous
master since 1855 of wnat he holds to be the
oldest nock of Southdown sheep in the world
under one management. He imported the.first
of it in that year, and has not since brought
over any ewes, but has improved the stock by
rams. The carcasses average 250 pounds and
the fleeces seven pounds.
In the course of some parliamentary remi
niscences, Sir George Osborne Morgan says
that the most brilliant speaker the House of
Commons has known for several generations
was Disraeli, who was a master of :he art of
phrase-making. Nowadays there are fewer
displays of ornate oratory, and the general
tone of debate is more businesslike than for
merly. "The boldest man would scarcely ven
ture now to cite the most familiar line of
Horace or Virgil," says Sir George.
THOMSONS AND THOMPSONS.
Westminster Gazette.
Advantage may be taken of Lord Kelvin's
jubilee to point out that the Thomsons, or
Thompsons, are distinguished in science. As
Lord Kelvin, otherwise Sir William Thomson,
Is professor of natural philosophy at Glasgow,
so Dr. Sylvanus Thompson is head of the City
and Guilds Technical CoUeee in London, and
Dr. J. J. Thomson is Cavendish professor ot
experimental physics at Cambridge. Recently,
too, Sir Wyviile Thomson was, among other
things, professor of natural history at Edin
burgh ; Sir Henry Thompson, professor of clini
cal surgery at University College Hospital,
London; Dr. James Thomson (Lord Kelvin's
father), professor of mathematics at Glasgow,
and Dr. James Thomson (Lord Kelvin's
brother), professor of civil engineering and
mechanics, also at Glasgow. One or two other
Thomsons are professors of science in the
Colonies.
JUST AS EASY.
Boston Journal of Profitable Advertising
It's just as easy to do business without a
light in the store as without an ad in the
paper. In either case you are hard to dis
cover.
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. *
De. C. O. Dean, dentist, formerly of 12t>
Kearny street, has reopened at 5% Kearny. •
Brokely— l tried to soak this umbrella the
other day.
Jorkins — Well, what did you get on it?
Brokely— Rain— that's all.
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co,"
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Rev. S. Lee has been compelled to give up the
Freeport (Long Island) Baptist Church for an
odd reason. The congregation paid him^but
$12 a month, and he tried to eke out a scanty
sustenance by digging clams. This, however,
did not suit the ideas of some of the brethren,
so Mr. Lee had to get out.
Cheap .Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the clllciai route to at
tend tbe National Encampment of the 6. A. B. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Ths
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. m. Kates $67 90 for tha
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ai
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, ban Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*
Are You Going East*
Ttie Atlantic and J'aciflc Railroad-Ranta *•■»
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Us elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland 1 1
Chicago, leaving At a seasonable hour and In
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chroaiclo bulldla*
Telephone, Main 1631.
Secure a sound mind, which seldom goes with
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. Siegert's
Angostura Bitters.
Sensible. — An old sea-captain writes to J. C.
Ayer<& Co. that he never goes to sea without a
supply of Ayer's Pills.
During the t recent heat in England the
Queen lived much of the time in the open, or,
rather, under a tent, near Frogmore. Here her
secretaries worked, state documents were
signed and luncheon was served.
NEW TO-DAY.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cream or tartar baking powder. Highest of
all In leavening strength.— Latest United State*
Government I\>od Rrport.
Koyai, Baking PowdkrCo., New York.
CHEAP POWER
FOE —
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PUMPING
AXD ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO 300 HOKSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power 04 OC
2 DISCOUNT FOR CASH. VI 0 V
HERCULES QAS LNQINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
GAS AND OIL ENGINES,
Office: Worjcs:
405-407 Sansome St. 315-831 Bay St.
San Francisco. Cal.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOB THE TKADB A SPECIAI/TY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye, S- I".TUKSDAV AUUCST 11. 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Balttwi^ Thvatkb.— "The Masqaeraden."
California THEATEB.-"The Irish Artist."
Coi-rifßiA Theateb- "The Great Unknown."
Morocco's entnA-liocsK— -The Two Orphans."
Tmnu Opiba-Hoxtbf.— "The Bohemian GirL"
CEPHErM— High-Class Vaudeville.
f-UTKO Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcHooT thk Cht-tes— Dally at Haight street,
tee block east of the Park.
ALCTION SALES.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Fnmiture at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By Indiana Auction Co.-This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, etc., at 1057 Market St., at 12 o'clock.
By Feank W. BrTTKBFiELP — Tbls day
(Tuesday), Furniture, at 1520 California street,
at 11 o'clock.
ByEaston* EiiStinxHt.— Tuesday. August 18
Real Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
I* o'clock.
is y Easton * Kidbidok.- Saturday, August
22, Real Estate, at Mountain View. Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The gold Democrats are about to call a State
sonvention.
Progressive Potrero still marks iU hills with
neat and comfortable dwellings.
The arguments of counsel in the Oakland
water front cases closed yesterday.
Every evening durin? the coming fair in the
Pavilion there will be special attractions.
The Olympic and Empire gun clubs held
their regular bluerock contests yesterday.
Other witnesses than P. B. Cornwall will
testify at the next session of the Grand Jury.
Deunis Murray was yesterday appointed ad
ministrator ol the estate of Margaret Murray.
Partly cloudy Tuesday, with brisk westerly
winds, is the weather office's prediction for to
day.
I. D. Phillips, a pioneer and prominent hor
ticulturist of Yuba County is staying at the
Workmen are busy preparing the Mechanics'
Pavilion for the coming exhibition of Cali
fornia products.
Recent ciond bursts in the Yosemite Valley
and surrounding country did great damage to
the mountain trails.
Eleven jurors have been secured to try Leon
-. T:iis is his tnird trial on a Charge of
tampering with young girls.
The Gato core for leprosy, imported from the
Hawaiian islands, is working a great relief to
the sufferers out at the Pesthouse.
The remains of the late Captain William E.
Van Reed were escorted to Cypress Lawn Cem
etery yesterday and will be cremated.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven continued her deposi
tion in the Fair will contest yesterday. She
vrill probably complete her testimony to-day.
Waiter Jenks yesterday began a contest to the
probate ol tne will of his mother, Sarah Jenks,
who. he claims.was insane when the document
was drawn.
Captain John Tuttle disclaims the charge
made by the Labor Bureau investigators as re
gards compelling his help to sleep in tin
hea thy quarters.
Marie Morero, the daughter of a fisherman
r; Saaaalito, broke open the trunk of one ol
aner's roomers yesterday and disap
with $235.
en Zaden, otherwise known as Rokaz,
r res led yesterday by a United States Mam
n a charge of sending obscene matter
a the mails.
Precinct registration closed at 10 o'clock last
evening, the total number, including central
ration, shoving an increase of over 4000
■ .r last year.
amoer of tne retail dry goods merchants
of this City have decided not to allow their
customers any more commissions or discounts
on goods purchased.
The will of John Biegfried Assel has been
filed for probate. Deceased leaves all his es
xa'.e, valued st $1800, io his wife, who is
named as executrix.
The Yosemite Valley Commissioners have
hired a special attorney to prosecute men ar-
I for stripping berk from tlie trees at the
Mariposa Big Tree Grove.
Collector Wise determined yesterday to in
>• a searching inquiry into the cause
which impelled the Chinese, Ong Sing, alias
Ah Sim, to commit suicide.
Patricio Marsicano makes a statement with
reierence to the attachment on the American
Salt Company in which he says he was the at
tacher ar.d the sole creditor.
John Brown, a sailor, was yesterday field to
answer before the Superior Court in $1000
bonds for slashing Ed F. Scully, a longshore
man, over the eve with a knife.
The contest over the fortune of Cornelius
King was begun in Judge Coffey's court yester
day. The entire day was consumed in getting
a jury. The case goes on to-day.
Mrs. Laura Riddell, having finished organiz
ing woman suffrage clubs in all the voting pre
cincis of San Mateo County, left yesterday for
Los Angeles on a similar mission.
Jeffries, who is matched to fight Van Buskirc,
will train at the Sefl ROC4I House. Barney
Farlev is of the opinion that his boy McAuhfle
can Whip any man in the business.
From the latest accounts there will be over
125 delegates to the Merchants' Association
darter convention, which wiil be held at 26
O'Farreil street to-morrow evening.
W. J. Gannett, an old carpenter, and Miss
Mary Wentworth, a relative of his, were thrown
or.t 6f a buggy on Douglass street yesterday,
and the former was seriouly injured.
Mrs. Nettie Ham brock, formerly Nettie
Havens, nurse for the notorious Dr. Beale, had
A. P. Kelsoe. a barkeeper, arre.-atd yesterday
oil a cuarge of felony embezzlement.
It is shown that Bryan's ideas of free trade
have ruined the glass industry, because Ameri
can manufacturers ana workmen cannot com
! etc v. ith the pauper labor of Europe.
The work of taking the engines and boilers
out of the s'eamor Colombia was begun yester
day. The machinery will be put on the schooner
Free Trade and towed to San Francisco.
The McKinley Club of the Forty-second As
sembly Patriot held a ratification meeting
last evening. The speakers were Colonel
Eddy, Major Kyle and George W. Elder.
Professor William Manning claims that his
modern discovery, known as "Sanlcult," will
do away with tee time-honored training of
fighters when getting ready for a match.
At the ministers' meeting yesterday Dr. C.
C. Herriott discussed the idea of a biblical in
stitute in California, and Yoitsu Honda re
viewed the Methodist churches in Japan.
Mrs. Ane Herzo-Kenny and J. J. Clecak were
declared the most popular of the Austrian-
Elavouian colony on this coast, as the result of
a newspaper voting contest, conducted in the
columns of the Sloga.
The hearing of the Fair will case has been
postpone! for a week to give Judge Slack time
to consider the arguments as to Judge Pater
ion's standing in court as legal representative
of Herman Oelrichs Jr.
The British bark Ravenscourt waa the star
attraction on the bay yesterday afternoon.
She presented a very pretty appearance while
her crew was unbending the sails after her
long voyage from London.
Chief Engineer Kress of the steamer State of
California was attacked by three of the firemen
last Sunday night. He was rescued by the crew
before much damage was done. The firemen
had been discharged for cause.
P. J. Corbett, livery-stable keeper, 538 Hayes
street, and father of "Champion Jim," swore
to a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's couit
yesterday auenioon charging William Me
(jrath, his collector, with embezzling $126 50.
The Tyler Mining Company of Oregon, plain
tiffs in an action to recover $200,000 from
es Sweeney and others, filed a writ of
error in the United States Court of Appeals
yesterday, askiiig for a rehearing of their
cause.
Mrs. Mary Burners, wife of a grocer and
s« loon-keeper on Brady street, and the noto
rious Kate Gallagher, both arrested as com
mon drunks, took the pledge before Judge Low
yesterday to abstain from liquor and were dis
charged.
The business of the Government temporary
Indian sapr..y warehouse in this City, worth
over $75,000 a year to local merchants and
with prospects" of much greater trade, is
threatened for the first time in fourteen years
by Portland.
August Florentine, the proprietor of the
Four-mile Home in South San Francisco, was
ehot yes>ter<iay noon while standing at his own
bar by Arthur A. Jackson and instantly killed.
Jackson subsequently gave himself up. A dis
pute about drinks seems to have been the
cause of the killing.
Dr Marc Levingston, as one of the executors
of the Fair "pencil will," has notified the at
torneys in the case that he will ask to have
the names of the Fair sisters stricken out of
the court record as petitioners for the probate
of that will. The ground of his motion will
be fraud and collusion.
Eight hundred thousand of the wage-earners
of the West re said to be united in a secret
organization known as the "Freemen's Pro
tective Silver Federation," whose object it is
to bring about tne free coinage of tne white
metal in the ratio of 16 to 1, and jo oppose all
monopolistic institutions.
KNIVES FLEW ON
THE CALIFORNIA,
The Steward Was Slashed
and the Engineer
Attacked.
NO SERIOUS DAMAGE.
Trouble Brewing Between the
Officers and Men of an
Oregon Steamer.
BRITISH BARK RAVENSCOURT
Arrives at Last After a Long But
Uneventful Voyage From
London.
The wharves are again beginning to
present a busy appearance. During the
past week quite a fleet of deep-water ships
got in and nearly all of them were docked.
Ail the arrivals made unusually long pas
sages, but strange to say the fast vessels
took, as a general rnle, from fifty to sixty
five days to round the Horn, while the
slow sailers made the run from 50 to 50 in
from thirty to thirty-five days. Very few
of the new arrivals are under charter and
in consequence they will have to join the
idle fleet at Sausalito or Oakland Creek.
Among the Jate arrivals are the British
bark Ravenscourt, 173 days from London,
and the Italian bark F. S. Ciampa, 172
days from Cardiff. Captain McLean of the
Ravenscourt reports a succession of heavy
gales to the Bay of Biscay and from that
on light but favorable winds. The genial
skipper is well known in San Francisco
and his bark is a very handsome craft,
even if she did make a long run of it.
Captain Cocurullo of the F. 8. Ciampa
also reports a succession of gales, light
winds and calms. They were thirty-six
days rounding the Horn, but once safely
in the Pacific their troubles were over as
far as storms were concerned.
All yesterday afternoon the sailors on
the Ravenscourt were engaged unbending
sail. Sne presented a pretty appearance
as she lay off Angel Island, with the men
on the yards handling the sails.
The tug Vigilant towed the schooner
Free Trade to the wreck of the Pacific
Mail Company's Colombia yesterday.
The engines and boilers are to be taken
out of the steamer, and when there is a
load on the schooner another vessel will
be sent down and the Free Trade towed to
San Francisco.
There is trouble brewing on the steamer
State of Cali'ornia. Saturday night last
one of the waiters slashed the assistant
chief steward with a carving knife, and on
Sunday night some of the firemen got
Chief Engineer Kress on the wharf and at
tempted to thrash him. Before they seri
ously injured nim several of the crew
went to the chief's assistance and rescued
him. The firemen had been dismissed by
tne engineer for cause, and they thought
they had a grievance against him.
The steamer George Loomis arrived
from southern ports yesterday, and the
captain reports naving passed off Point
Conception a German bark flying the sig
nal R. J. B. T. This is probably the Ger
man barK Artemis, now out over 170 days
from Hamburg for Port Los Angeles. Her
signal letters ar?R. J. C. T. The captain of
the Loomis may have made a mistake in
a letter, as no other German bark would be
likely to be in the neighborhood of Con
ception at this time.
The English are going in for tramp
steamers and in a few years sailing ships
will be a thing of the past. The Algoa,
now on her maiden voyage, is the largest
cargo carrying steamer ever built in Eng
land. Her deadweight capacity is 11,375
tons and her dimensions are, length over
all 465 feet, beam 55 feet, depth of hold 35
feet. In comparison with tue building of
this steamer is the sale of the ship Damson
Hill in Liverpool last March. Tne vessel
is well known in San Francisco and ship
ping men will remember her as one of the
best found ships that ever came into port.
She was built by Harland & Wolf in 1893
and cost about $115,000. When offered at
auction her owners were glad to accept
$04,000, whicn shows a depreciation in
value of over $50,000 in less than three
years.
Three little steamers, the Water Lily, 32
tons, Manx Fairy, 27 tons, and St. Mawes
Castle, 25 tons, which were formerly en
gasred in the passenger trade on the Man
chester Canal, have been sola to some
parties in Perth, Australia. As they can
not carry coal sufficient for a 12,000-mile
voyage, they were rigged as fore and aft
schooners. They are now on their way
and English papers say they are the
smallest vessels that ever attempted so
long a voyage.
AN OLD SUIT REVIVED.
Action of the Tyler Mining Company
Has Been Twice Around the
Legal Circle.
The Tyler Mining Company of Oregon,
plaintiffs in an action to recover $200,000
from Charles Sweeney, Frank R. Moore,
Last Chance Mining Company, Idaho
Mining Company and Republican Mining
Company, filed a writ of error in the
United States Court of Appeals yesterday
asking for a rehearing of their cause.
The plaintiffs claim they own what is
known as the Tyler lode, situated in the
Yreka district of Shoshone County, Idaho.
In 1890 the defendants named herein, ac
cording to the complaint, tooe possession
of the property, taking out ore to tne value
of $200,000.
lne defendants set up the claim that
the lode had its top or apex within their
surface lines, which contention was sus
tained by the Circuit Court of Idaho. The
suit was then carried to the Court of Ap
peals for this district and the decision of
the lower court upheld. The action was
then taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States and a new trial ordered.
The case was accordingly heard a second
time in the Circuit Court of Idaho, ending
in the same manner as the first. Not sat
isfied with this defeat the plaintiffs aeain
appear before the Court of Appeals, alleg
ing that the lower tribunal erred in iortv
three instances. In spite of this formid
able array it is thought the Circuit Court
of Idaho will be sustained, in which eveut
there will be no further appeal.
To Transfer Big Bond),
P. C. Jones, a man-of-affairs at Hono
lulu and Minister of Finance under the
Provisional Government, came up from
the islands Sunday and will leave for
the East to-day or to-morrow. Mr. Jones
is going to New York and to other money
centers for the purpose of inducing Amer
ican capital to take hold of Hawaiian
Government bonds to the amount of
$3,000,000. The idea is to have these bonds
transierred from London to the United
States, to obtain, if possible, a lower rate
of interest.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Mala 49. Keep your checks for us.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
The British Bark Ravenscourt, Which Made a Long Passage From London to San Francisco, Will
Dock the Latter Part of This Week. Yesterday She Presented One of the Prettiest Sights
on the Bay. She Lay Near Goat Island, and the Entire Crew Could Be Seen Busily at
Work Unbending Sail.
PREPARING FOR
THE GREAT FAIR
The Coming Exhibit of
All Californian
Productions.
A MINIATURE FOUNDRY.
Many of the Exhibits Will Be
in Operation Every
Night
ART A LA PARIS SALON.
There Is a Big Programme of Attrac
tions for Special Nights — Debates
on Silver and the Charter.
The Mechanics' Pavilion is at this time
a scene of activity. Assistant Superin
tendent Clark, with a corps of assistants,
is busy with cbalkline and tape-measure
marking off the spaces on the ground floor
and the galleries that are to be occupied
by the exhibitors of home products. These
have taken all the available space. There
will be nearly 400 exhibits, quite a number
of which will be in operation, showing the
working up of the raw material to the fin
ished state.
The former sink on the south side of the
main pavilion has been raised to a level
with the rest of the floor. The fish dis
play will be increased by three new tanks
by the California Fish Commission, which
will hare a fish-hatchery in operation.
The annex on the Hayes-street side,
which was on the occasion of the previous
fair a sort of storeroom for odds and ends,
will be made one of the most brilliant
corners of the big building, in this there
will be a display of electrical apparatus
and lights, and in the center, in a space
thirty-seven by thirty-eight feet, there is
being put in position the plant in minia
ture of the Union Iron Works, that was
exhibited at the World's Fair. Around
this there will be models ol all the vessels
for the United States navy built by the
Scott s.
Machinery hall will have a large display
of mining machinery to give visitors an
idea of the practical manner in which ore
is reduced.
In the gallery at the Polk-street end the
Gundlach Company, the wine firm will
have an extensive display of its products,
including a large tun in which* wine is
allowed to ripen.
Tbe old saw display, which in the past
has been a ragged-edged attraction, will
give way to a much more attractive ex
hibit. In the center aisle of the main
floor an Egyptian structure is to be erected
by Tillmann <fe Bendel, in which they will
make a show of nothing but goods of Cali
fornia manufacture. Workmen com
menced yesterday to lay the foundation
for this structure.
An enlarged band stand will occupy the
central portion of the Pavilion. From
there Conductor Hinrichs will lead a
band of fifty musicians, who are already
rehearsing.
On the north side of the main floor the
Bowers Rubber Company and the Califor
nia Cotton Mills will hare working ex
hibits. -
In one part of the building there will be
an exhibition of the manner of working
the cathode rays, and those who are
anxious to try the experiment will have
an opportunity of placing a hand under
tne light and being treated to a vision of
the bones that are concealed by the flesh.
The Fulton Iron Works and the Hallidie
Wire and Rope Works will have extensive
displays and there will be a display of the
Graham Stove Works and the manufacture
of the bicycle by the "Yosemite Company.
Superintendent Gilmore stated yester
day that in his opinion the exhibits on
opening day will be far more complete
than they have been at »ny previous ex
hibit. "The reason of that," said
the superintendent, "is the three cash
prizes offered for the best three exhibits
that are ready when tne fair opens on the
Ist of September. The first is $250, the
second $175 and the third $75, and the in
dications are that within a week the
building wiil be full of workers. I am of
the opinion that there will be bat few
stragglers this year. 1 '
The art eallery will be in charge of
Henry Raschen, and only the works of Cali
fornia artists will be exhibited. A com
mittee of tbree artists will|be selected by
the intending exhibitors, and they will
pass on every picture that will be en
titled to a place on the walls. This com
mittee will be named on the 20th. It is
probable that there will be a drawing for
pictures after the manner that drawings
are conducted in the Paris Salon.
At one of the buildings a space has been
set apart for the exhibit to be made by the
Dairymen's Union, which it is expected
will be the largest of the kind ever at
tempted in this State. Messrs. R. P.
Doolan, Joseph M. dimming and S. H.
Tacy, representing the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, and having
c arjre of the special features to be pre
sented during the continuance of the fair,
heid a meeting yesterday afternoon and
decided that the following will be the pro
gramme of special days:
Tuesday, September 1, Manufacturers' >nd
Producers' Association night.
Wednesday, September 2, debate on free
coinage of silver.
Thursday, September 3, Scotch night.
Friday, September 4, bicycle night.
Saturday, September 5, letter carrier's
night.
Monday, September 7, Oakland night— Acme
ana Reliance clubs.
Tuesday September 8, French night
Wednesday, September 9, Admission day.
Thursday, September 10, Italian day.
Friday, September 11, Grammar school day.
Saturday, September 12, firemens' day.
Monday, September 14, Olympic Club day.
Tuesday, September 15, Japanese day and
debate on the new charter.
Wednesday, September 16, Mexican night
Thursday, September 17, Irish societies.
Friday, September 18, sailors' night.
Saturday, September 19, University of Cali
fornia.
Monday, September 21, Germans' day.
Tuesday, September 22, Chinese night.'
Wednesday, September 23, military night
Thursday, September 24. fraternal night.
Saturday, September 26, Stanford Univer
sity.
Monday, September 28, Turners.
On the first night there will be bonfires
at Hayes and Larfcin street, and Larkin
and Grove streets, also fireworks, and ad
dresses will be delivered by Senator George
C. Per Kins and General W. H. L. Barnes.
Twenty-five prominent citizens will act as
vice-presidents of the evening.
On tne second night tnere wiil be a de
bate on the silver question by several who
claim to know alll about silver. Among
the number will be Congressman James
G. Maguire and Colonel John P. Irish.
On Scotch night there will be Highland
dances.
On bicycle night prizes will be awarded
to the ladies' club showing the greatest
number of members in uniform and the
gentlemen's club making the finest uni
form display. Addresses will be made on
good roads.
The letter-carriers will have a gala nighty
and will furnish music by the Letter-car
riers' Band.
The Oakland night will be marked by
athletic exhibitions by the Acme and Re
liance clubs.
During the afternoon of the Bth of Sep
tember a number of children of tne pub
lic schools will be admitted free and every
afternoon after that until all the public
school children shall have seen the big
fair.
On Admission day the Native Sons and
Daughters will have charge, and the hall
will be decorated with the native colors.
On that day there will be an exhibit of
native babies, and a cup will b«; awarded
to the prettiest boy or girl baby, to the
prettiest twins, and to all triplets under
two years of age. The judges selected are
Judge J. V. Coffey, J. D. Phelan and Ed
Greenway. In the evening Merton Allen
will address the multitude. On the 10th,
Italian day, the pupils of St Ignatius, St.
Mary's, Sacred Heart and St. Joseph's will
be received and entertained.
The next night will be Sangerfest night,
and the night after that will be devoted to
the firemen. The Veterans and the Ex
empts will be on hand with their engines,
and a modern engine will be exhibited to
show the contrast between ancient and
modern apparatus.
The Olympic Club will give a grand ex
hibition including a boxing match on the
14th, and on the 18th the Japanese will
have day and night. In the evening
Freud and Phelan will debate on behalf
of the new charter, and Reynolds and
Healy will talk against it
Consul A. X Coney will speak on Mexi
can ni.ibt, and on sailors' night the choir
of the Seamens' Bethel will render the
vocal music. The members of the Coast
Seamen's Union and the United States
sailors of vessels in the harbor will be
asked to attend.
AH the other nights named in the pro
gramme will have special and attractive
features, and there are several nights to
fill yet.
SARAH JENKS' WILL.
It Is Contested by Her Son, Walter
Jen Who Claims His Mother
Was Insane.
Walter Jenks through his attorneys has
filed a co.itest to the will of his mother,
Sarah Jenks, who died June 22, 1896, leav
ing an estate worth $9580. The property
of deceased consisted principally of real
estate situated in Vallejo, and was left by
will to B. F. Buhr, who is named as execu
tor of the will ; to George M. Frisbee, a
nephew of the deceased; to St. Vincent's
Church of Vallejo; to Moses Frisbee, a
brother of testatrix, and to H. J. Webster.
To the contestant, who is the only son of
Mrs. Jenks, bat $50 was bequeathed.
Walter Jenks at present resides in Lon
don, England, and contests his mother's
will on the ground that the principal part
of her property was left to Buhr, who is no
relative of hers, while he, her only son, is
practically cut off.
It is claimed that the will was not ex
ecuted or attested as required by law, and
that Mrs. Jenks, who at the time the will
was drawn was suffering from a fibrous
tumor, an operation to remove which was
in prospect, was not of sound mind.
It is also alleged that B. F. Buhr, the
executor named in the will and the princi
pal legatee, is a professional gambler, who
eighteen months prior to the death of Mrs.
Jenks resided in her house and obtained
such undue influence and control over her
as to exclude from her natural affections
the petitioner.
The Divorce Courtg.
Lizzie Noeil yesterday obtained & divorce
from Ransom A. Noell. Judge Hunt granted
the decree because of the defendant's deser
tion.
Desertion was the ground on which Georgie
C. Burnham secured a divorce from Allan F.
Burnham. Judge Hunt granted the decree.
William O'Connell was granted a divorce
from Sarah O'Connell because of the latter's
habitual intemperance. The custody of the
minor child was awarded to the plaintiff by
Judge Hunt.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE VOTERS HIVE
ALL REGISTERED,
The Precinct Booths Closed
Their Doors Last
Evening.
TOTAL NUMBER LARGE.
Great Increase in Central Reg
istration Over Years
Gone By.
WILL PURGE ALL THE LISTS.
Registrar Hintoa Says That There
Has Been Far Less Stuffing
Than Usual.
Precinct registration, that has been held
for the past five days, closed at 10 o'clock
last evening, and those who have failed to
declare their qualifications as voters will
be compelled to stand aside and see their
more fortunate or thoughtful brethren
cast their ballots on election day.
The feeling of uncertainty that prevailed
up to the close of central registration re
garding the legality of the work in the
precincts, made a vast difference this year
regarding the manner in which the electors
of the City chose to insure the exercise of
their right. Toward the last the central
bureau, with an extra force of clerks work
ing full time, was rushed to its fullest
extent and at times the crush was enor
mous.
The result was that 58,626 voters were
registered, an increase of 17,000 over last
year. When precinct registration began
the result was at once apparent, for the
officers appointed to attend to those who
had not visited Registrar Hinton's head
quarters at the new City Hall had little to
do beside kicking their heels about the
precinct booths and whistling for voters
to come in and be registered. In some
precincts the number resistered did not
exceed five a day.
It was figured that the 26,000 names
registered from the precincts last year
would dwindle to about half that sum,
and the result shows that the calculations
of the officials were not far off.
Up to the closing hour the number of
those who had taken advantage of the five
days footed up a total of 13,930, with
thirty-nine precincts to hear from.
Added to the 58,626 recorded at the
central bureau, it appears that the regis
tration of the last election was exceeded
by over 4000 names. The registration of
the first four days was as follows : August
5, 2652; 6, 2974; "7, 2569; 8, 2577.
For the next three days the election
officers of the precincts will be engaged in
checking up the books of their precincts
with a view of clearing off, if possible, the
names of those who are not entitled to be
on the rolls.
As only residents of the precincts were
appointed on the boards, and generally
those familiar with the names of the
electors in their various localities, it is
expected that this work will result in the
dropping from the lists of a large propor
tion of those who have no right to cast
votes. The names objected to will be
placed on a doubtful list and dropped if
investigation shows that their registration
was fraudulent.
Those who are familiar with the polit
cal situation as it now stands say that the
importance of the issues involved in the
coming election are largely responsible for
the increase in the registration, and that
on all sides are the evidences that the
electors of the country are more than ever
alive to the desirability of casting
ballots on November 4. \
Registrar Hinton said last evening that
he believed that there had been compara
tively little fraudulent registration, and
that few names would be dropped from
the roll.
An Early M ornin jj Blaze.
The Pacific Refinery and Roofing Com
pany's works on Illinois street, wore damaged
by fire yesterday morning to the extent of
$2500. The alarm was turned in about 4a. m.,
and af cer an hour's hard work, the department
succeeded in extinguishing the flames. The
fire started in a corner of the yard, burning
several sheds where oils and other combus
tibles were stored. The origin ol the confla
gration is not known. No one, so far as can
be ascertained, has been near the premises
since Saturday night. Marshal Towe is insti
tuting a searching investigation with a view
of determining if it was the work of incen
diaries. The owners of the building think,
however, that the cause of the blaze was spon
taneous combustion.
• — * — •
S. O. Alexander's Estate.
The accounts of Golda Alexander, executrix
of the will of S. O. Alexander, have been set
tled and the order for final distribution made.
The executrix under tne will is sole legatee
and inherits $44,289 20 in cash, the property
at the southeast corner of Powell and O'Farreil
streets and 2080 acres of land in Merced Coun
ty. The latter, however, is i ncumbered by a
claim of the San Francisco Savings Union for
$25,000.
GOTO CURE CRIES
HALT TO LEPROSY
Remarkable Benefit to the
Patients at the Pest
house.
CHECKS THE DISEASE.
It Is Healing Surface Inflam
mation and Assuaging
Pain.
THE CASE OF CHINESE ANNIE.
She Is Experiencing Wonderful Relief
and Is Sangnine of Complete
Recovery.
The great Goto cure for leprosy,
which was imported recently, has laid its
healing finger on the sufferings of the lit
tle band of outcasts at the Pesthouse, is
checking the progress of their loathsome
sickness and is alleviating their pfin.
Scarcely a month has elapsed since this
remedy was introduced as an experiment
among the fifteen or twenty patients
housed in the damp and draughty habita
tions of the leper colony. Nevertheless,
within this short interval three of the most
virulent cases are showing signs of im
provement.
According to the statement of the super
intending physician, Ah Kirn, the China
man, who suffered from an extreme case
of tubercular leprosy, has beeen remark
ably benefited. His hands and his face
which, at the beginning of the treatment
were in an inflamed and painful condition,
are slowly healing. The burning pain in
his arms and legs has almost entirely dis
appeared. The swelling in his face is also
going down.
He is very happy at the improvement in
his condition and says that he will surely
get well.
Bruce, another leper who had the dis
ease in a virulent form, says he is confi
dent of getting completely well. An ex
tremely stubborn growth in the roof of
his mouth has healed wnolly and he ex
presses himself as feeling more buoyant
in body and spirit than he has for years.
"Chinese Annie," whose face was in a
terrible condition, swollen and covered
with nodules, is vastly improved. The
nodules are going down and she is very
hopeful and believes she will get well.
On the patients not suffering from the
virulent forms of the disease the steps
toward recovery are not so clearly dis
cernible, although in their cases no ad
vance of symptoms h<ts been ooserved.
The superintending physician said:
"There is no question as to the efficacy
of the medicine. It has palliative effects
and stays the progress of the disease. Its
efficacy^ however, cannot be so easily
demonstrated in those who have not
ulcerated tubercular forms of the disease.
Of the fifteen lepers who suffer from the
disease only three have it in its virulent
stage.
"The remedy, though, goes like an angel
of the Lord into those dreary walls and
HEW TO-DAT.
Pure tea for health; fine
tea for pleasure. But health
is only half-health when
there is no pleasure in it
So let your tea be both
pure and Schilling' s
Best. It is the tender pick-
ings from the tea-plant,
roasted by machinery in
this country —
Money-back tea—so much
better than money that very
few want money back.
Pound Half-pound
Japan, ' 50 c 25 c
English Breakfast, 60 c 30 c
Oolong, 75 c 40 c
Ceylon, 80 c 40 c
Ideal Blend, $ l -*5 65 c
Sold only in packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francis™ .345
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
kmmmM
ifGHAND PAVILION
PElectbicMotivb Power
fc Transmitted Froi^ fbLSOM
Hfttf'T TAll T0 EXHIBIT
UUH 1 mlta TO ATTEND
EXCURSION BATES.
O'Fmrell street. Between Stockton and Pow*: 1
'Week Commencing Monday. Aug. 10.
A ROARING SUCCESS LAST NIGHT !
The King Laugh Maker of me Woild.
t. a. 3s::E!Txr:ixr:E3i3~sr: ,
In a Seance of Fun and Merriment whh Hypnotic
. ■■' Habjects. - '■-'■'
THE 4 NEL&ON SISTKKS, BIONDI the Only.
BUCK PATTI, STALEY A.ND BIRBECK
; : And a Great Vaudeville Company.
Peserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 100; Opera Chairs
and Box Seal I, DOc '
HEW TO-DAT. :
Beauty's bane is^,^^? /<^
the fading or falling of vy^l
the hair. . Luxuriant '^ji%_
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
brings to all ot the sufferers a sanguine
belief of recovery.
"An interesting feature in the less viru
lent cases is found in the stay of progress
of the disease in the two Bendt boys.
There have been no skin lesions in their
cases or ulcerations."
JEFFRIES AND VAN BUSKIRE.
Articles Signed for a Contest Early In
September.
Jeffries and Van Buskirk signed articles
Sunday evening for a contest to take place
September 2. Jeffries has gone into train
ing at Seal Rock«. Van Buskirk will be
looked after by Walter Watson, the
Olympic Club boxing instructor, and the
admirers of the Olympic Club's favorite
expect him to be in condition to put up
the fight of his life. It will be a ten-round
match, and will come off at Colma,
• — * — •
Food and Game Fish.
I Captain J. J. Briee, the United Statti Fish
Commissioner, was present at a meeting of the
California Fish Commissioners yesterday. An
Interesting discussion and exchange of Ideas
relative to the establishment of stations and
hatcheries took place, and the State and
United States officials assured each other of a
hearty co-operation in the work of propagating
food and game fish In this State.
1 — — — 1
TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CQ.'S THEATERS.
X at. the-- 71 LIST SIGHTS!
Baldwin Mat .- ay
CHARLES FKOHMAX'S
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY !—
From the Empire Theater, New York.
' The Dramatic Triumph or the Year.
THE MASQUERADERS
The Great Drama by Henry Arthur Jones,
A Flay of Intense Interest, with Brilliant Situ*.
tions, including the
THRILLING CARD SCENE!
Next Monday Sight— The Laughing Rage!
THE GAY PARISIANS "
FIRST /-200 Nights in New York
TIME After./ 100 Night* in Boston
HERE (too Nights in Chicago
Presented With a Phenomenal Comedy cast:
W. J. FEKGUSON', SAD.E MAKTINOT,
James O. Barrows, Chas. B. Weils, W. R. Shirley
Mrs. E. J. Phillips, Miss -Margaret Gordon
and the Original Cast
PS" Seat Sale Opens Thursday Morning.
I /i.attme.. I SECOND
CALIFORNIA WEEK
AND ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS ! . .
THE SWEET SINGER,
OLGOTT
In the Successful Comedy Drama,
THE
ARTIST
By Augustus Pitou and George H. Jess op.
MONDAY, August 17— Third and Last Week of
CHAUNCEY OtCOTT.
"THE MINSTREL OF CLARE."
I rHICDLAfIQtft.<iOTTU)D«* o»- UJSMAnDrwnMLSJ**-
THEY  THEY
LAUGHED ROARED
AND THEY WO I LD HAVE
f HE" CURTAIN calls
Funny!--. Artistic! Charming!
That Was the L'nanimons Verdict.
THE
FRAWLEY
COMPANY
THE GREAT^UNKNOWN!
No Comedy Ever Presented Here So Goo4.
Must Be seen to lie Appreciated.
Next Monday... ..."A SOCIAL TRUST."
Its Metropolitan Production.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amsrlaa.
WaJLTKR MUKOSCO, Sola Lessee ami Maoagaf
A Revelation of Histrionic Art!
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
Presented on the Most Elaborate Sea
Ever Given in This City.
Third Week of JAMES M. BROPHY.
Prof. Chas. F. Graeber's Mandolin and Guitar Cloth
The fall depth of the mammoth stage used for th«
first time in 11) years.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 50c.
Family circle and Gallery, 10c. '
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas- LE.Nic»Ti>-K KBKLT.vn, Proprietor & .>l»u*g«i
Sixth Week of the Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hixsiciu.
TO-NIGHT,
Also Thursday and Saturday,—— ■
BAI.FK S BALLAD-OPERA,
THE BOHEMIAN GIEL!
, Every number a popular ; gem,
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday • Evenings,
MEYERBEER'S CLASSIC WORK,
THE HUGUENOTS
Natal). Bertlni « Humphry a. Holmes. Michalena,
De Vries, Abramoff, Karl, Pache, Tooker, Per-
ton, Boyce, Napoleoni. etc., in the cast.
In preparation
"XL TROVATORE." "LA .SO.WNAMBULA."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. .
THE CHUTES, CASINO
I And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth.l
EVtKY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Sensation of the City Is
"JOE!"
The OrangOuiang— Does Everything bat Talk.
TO-3M IGHT
THE FREDERICKS TKO OPE OF DE-
MON ACROBATS.
s Wednesday Evening at 10 o'clock Conn Freder-
icks Will Ride Down the Chutes on a Bicycle. >.
ADMISSION — -1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go- Round Kide, 5 cents.
cS» ; Grounds
Open Dally from 7a. k. Until 11 p. «. *. - ,
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening,
General A omission— Adult* XOc, Children sc,
78
HE WAS IK HIDING BEHIND BLUE GOGGLES,
The Disguise Adopted by-
Oliver Winfield Win
throp.
BUT CODY SAW THROUGH
THEM.
Millionaire Campbell's Alleged
Assailant Was Arrested
in Oakland.
SAID HE WAS AL BRUNSON
OF SAN JOSE.
Mrs. Dunton Fai's to Recognize the
Prisoner, but His Supposed Victim
Picked Him Out at Once.
Oliver Winfieid Winthrop has been ar
rested.
This is the first step made so far in clear
ing up the sensational story told last
Wednesday night by millionaire James
A. Campbell of Hawaii.
The capture of Winthrop is full of those
little dime-novel details quite befitting the
story of kidnaping, torturing and starv
ing which Campbell brought forth when
he returned to his wife after being
away for more than two days and nights.
But whether Winthrop is the bandit he
is claimed to be, or whether the wealthy
planter is endeavoring to hide shortcom
ings from a comparatively young wife and
a wrathful one, is still to be developed.
Captain Lees continues strong in his be
lief of Campbell's truthfulness and in the
guilt of Winthrop. In fact, he booked the
latter yesterday afternoon on the City
Prison register, charging him with rob
bery and assault to commit murder. These
charges are the same as found in the in
dictments by the Grand Jury, upon which
the two warrants were issued.
On the other hand, Winthrop is non
communicative. He sits back io his prison
cell, smiles contentedly, and asks:
"What are they going to do about it?"
He is certainly an innocent man, so far
O. W. Winthrop, Who Was Arrested Yesterday and Charged With Attempted Murder, Robbery and
Other Crimes in Connection With the Abduction of Planter J. A. Campbell.
as this Campbell case is concerned, or else
he is an arch-villain, capable not only of
abducting an old man and torturing him
to secure his wealth, but of mutilating or
murdering him to gain the desired end.
At all events, Winthrop makes a general
denial of any connection with the case,
and declares positively that, in due time,
he will prove his innocence.
To do this he will have to overcome
some wonderfully strong points against
him. He will have to show that he never
met James A. Campbell, either in San
Jose, at the Hotel Vendome, or anywhere
el.«e for that matter. This will have to be
done to bolster up his demeanor yesterday
when confronted with his alleged victim.
"Is that Campbell?" he asked Detective
Seymour, in an inquiring way, after the |
old gentleman had been brought into his
presence and had identified him as the
bandit of 4109 California street.
He will have to show that Real Estate |
Agent A. M. Speck does not know of what j
he is speaking. SpecK claims to know
Winthrop well, and that the latter rented |
from him the California-street cottage on i
Monday morning one week ago, paying
one month's rental in advance.
This is positively denied by the prisoner.
Farther than that, Winthrop must give
valid reasons for his hasty departure from ;
this City, the shaving of his mustache and I
beard, the masquerading as a lame old
man, with blue spectacles, in Oakland
and the comparatively large sum of
money he, a man out of work for some
time, carried secreted in the clothes he
wore.
Then, again, a railroad ticket was found
on his person calling for a passage to Mo
jave, indicating an intention to flee from
this part of the country, where he was
being sought on all sides, and leaving be
hind his wife and children.
But Winthrop laughs at it all, declaring
he will prove his innocence, and Captain
Lees is in the happy enjoyment of having
captured a man he believes to be the equal
of" Josef Blanther, Dunham and other
murderers and stranglers who have gone
uncaught in the past year.
ARRESTED IN OAKLAND.
Captain Lees Gives a Detailed Ac-
count of Detective Cody's
Capture.
Captain Lees tells a graphic story about
his magniiicent work and the cleverness of
his officers in effecting the capture of
Oliver Winfield Winthrop.
Tile veteran detective was quite anxious
to give Charles Cody, his man, due credit
for efficient work; but it must also be
understood that Cody was under instruc
tions from headquarters to do just as he
did. Hence, headquarters— tnat Is, Lees —
must likewise come in for some of the
bouquets cast over the footlights.
"Yesterday." said the captain, "I got
matters down so close that I concluded to
send two men to Oaktana. I picked out
Charley Cody, who has been on the case
from the start, and Patrolman Samuels, a
bright officer.
"Samuals went off on one end of the
thread that 1 expected would lead up to
important developments, and Cody went
his way on another thread which event
ually landed him up against Winthrop.
"It was a clever piece of work. Cody
was going down Sixteenth street, east of
Broadway, Oakland, when he noticed a
smooth-shaven man, apparently lame,
walking along. The stranger wore dark
blue glasses and his general appearance
gave Charley a 'hunch,' if you can believe
in such, things, that there was the man he
was looking for.
"He drew up to him and in a pleasant
tone said:
"'Excuse me, sir; I mean no offense;
please give me your name, sir. 1
"'My name? It's Brunson.'
" 'Where from?'
" 'San Jose. 1
" 'When did you get here?' asked Cody.
" 'Yesterday. I came to visit my sister,
Eila Brunson. and my brother.'
'"What's ycur brother's name?'
"'lt makes no difference; let it go at
that. His name is Brunson.'
"As much from the tone of the man's
voice and his way of answering questions
Cody was sure he had the right party.
Mating a sudden move, he raised the blue
gopgles and saw the fellow's eyes. He
knew him then.
"'You're Win'hrop,' he said. 'I place
you unaer arrest.'
" 'But,' demurred "Winthrop, 'you're
mistaken; I'm Al Brunson.'
" 'No, I'm not mistaken. You are Oliver
Winthrop and you are my prisonpr.'
"'The jiff's up, I suppose, ' Winthrop
said, and he accompanied Cody to the
nearest telephone station, whence I got
this significant message:
" 'I've pinched your man. What shall
I do?'
"My answer was to bring him over im
mediately.
"Cody took his prisoner to the jail,
where Detective Holland was found. Hol
land went to Winthrop's room at the Clar
endon Hotel, and, searching it, found only
a razor and a leather brush.
"Upon searching Winthrop the first
time Cody found clippings of the Chron
icle dated August 6 and 8, a clipping of
The Call; also extracts from the P.st and
Report of the same date. They were all
inside the man's drawers, near his ankies.
All these clippings related the details of
the Campbell affair.
"He also found $7 and a few nickels, a
pocket looking-glass, two memorandum
books, one of which was inscribed 'Brun
sen'; an open-faced nickel watch, a knife
and the latch-key to his home at 354
Grove street.
"I sent Detective Seymour across the
bay to join Cody and the prisoner, and
when they got here Seymour again
searched his man.
"Rolled in paper he found one $20 piece
in the right sock and two in the left,
making $60 in all.
"In his possession was also a first-class
railroad ticket dated August 8, 1596, sold !
at the Sixteenth-street station entitling j
the holder to an unlimited ride to Mojave.
"I am not at liberty to go much further
into the details of this case, although it is
most interesting because there is still an
other man to De captured.
"All I can say now is that Winthrop
left this City on Thursday morning for
San Jose. I traced and followed him
there. On Saturday he left San Jose and
landed in Oakland stopping at the Claren
don Hotel, which he was leaving this
morning when Cody placed him under
arrest."
SAYS HE IS INNOCENT.
O. W. Wlnthrop's Declaration While
Refusing: to Be Interviewed
Further.
••You needn't try and do that on the
sly. Step right up and sketch me if you
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
want to. I'll not hide myself from you."
That was the rather unusual invitation
extended by Winthrop to a couple of
newspaper artists who were quietly pencil
ing the picture of the prisoner while he
was busily guarding off interviewers in
the detectives' room at the City Hall.
The man was perfectly cool, and while
comfortably swinging himself in a big
armchair kepi up the conversation he was
holding with the reporters. He spoke on
every subject with ease and fluency, but
when the topic once in a while reached
close to home he only smiled and said:
"Now, look here, I don't want to be rude,
but you know I do not want to talk about
my case."
If pressed a little further he would add:
"My attorneys, Mathews and Kyle, have
instructed me to be as dumb as an oyster,
and so I will be. There is no use in me
saying anything now. There will be a
time and place when and where I will
prove my innocence. I cannot do that
through the newspapers.
"Why did I run away ? Why did I shave
off my whiskers and mustache? Those are
not fair questions to ask. In the first place
it is assuming that I did run away. 1 will
show the matter in a different light very
soon. As to shaving off my whiskers, it
may be tbat they annoyed me by getting
besmeared with soup and coffee.""
This answer seemed to amuse Winthrop
hug?iy, for he laughed quite beartily.
"Many things have been said of rue in
the past few days. People who have never
seen me in their lives have given it out
that they know me well. That kind of
testimony hurt me and I rely on
my innocence of crime to cany me
through."
"Do you know Mr. Campbell?" was
asked. "Did you ever meet him in San
Jose?"
"Those are pertinent questions which I
do not propose to answer. In fact, it Is
useless to ask me anything at all — for I am
bound to follow the instructions of my
lawyers. I will not soeak. That set
tles it."
"AND THERE ARE OTHERS."
So Said O. W. Winthrop When He
Was Captured by Detective
Cody.
Detective Cody, whose splendid capture
of Winthrop has called forth encomiums
from his superior officers and the con
pratulations of his less fortunate brother
officers, gave the following particulars of
Winthrop's arrest last night:
"I received instructions from Captain
Lees last night to go to Oakland and
shadow parties who were meeting Win
throp. I left by tne 11.45 boat and got up
this morning about 5 o'clock. I covered
different parties who had been either cor
responding with or meeting Winthrop.
"Two men came along Broadway and I
put Policeman Samuels on their trail. He
followed them till ihey crossed the bay,
and he left them at the ferry.
"Meantime I had been walking around
looking for Samuels, and while on Twen-
tieth street two men passed down and I
thought one of them was Winthrop. I
covered them as far as San Pablo avenue,
and coming through Sixteenth street I
noticed a man limping along as if his left
leg was lame. The man had his back
stooped and he wore blue goggles and a
slouch hat.
"I suspected the man was Winthrop, so
I walked alongside ot him and took a
good look at liim. Then I stopped him
and the following conversation ensued:
" 'Are you Winthrop? 1 I asked.
" 'No, sir,' he replied.
" 'Who are you, then?'
" 'I am Al Brunsen.'
" 'Where are you from? 1
'I am from San Jose.'
' 'What is your business there?'
" 'I am a farmer and haye been here for
about a week. 1
" 'What are you doinghere?'
' '1 am waiting to bee my sister and my
brother.'
' 'What is your sister's name?"
" 'Ella Brunsen.'
" 'What's your brother's name ?'
'' 'Brumen.'
" 'What is his first name?'
" 'Brunsen.'
"At this I quickly pulled the blue gog
gles from his eyes and said: 'Now I know
it's you, Winthrop. I have you all right."
He said, "You ar* mistaken,' and I re
plied: 'My investigations will bear out
whether lam or not. Come along with
me. lam Detective Cody,' and throwi ne
back my coat I showed him my star.
"I took him to the Oakland City Hall
and t here searched him. I found $7 50 in
his poclcets, a clipping from tbe Chronicle
in the right leg of his drawers, a clipping
from the Call in the left leg of his trousers
and clippings from the Report in his
right-hand coat-poefcet, all about the
Campbell affair, also some clippings in a
red pocket-book. Then I said, 'Now you
will admit you are Winthrop?' and he
said, 'Yes, I am Winthrop.'
"i instructed Detective Holland to go
to Winthrop's room in the Clarendon
House, Ssventh and Washington streets,
where he found his razor and strop. I
telegraphed Captain Lees, notifying him
of Winthrop's capture, and the captain
told me to lake him across at once.
"On the way across the bay Winthrop
was not at all communicative, but he said.
speaking of the Campbell affair, 'There
are other people in this.' "
HONORS ARE EASY.
James A. Campbell Identifies Wln-
throp, but Mrs. Dunton
Cannot.
No sooner had Detectives Cody and Sey
mour landed their prisoner at tbe City
Hall than Captain Lees sent for Million
aire James A. Campbell, The latter was
bard to find at first, but he was eventually
discovered. Later it transpired that Mr.
Campbell is showing signs ot being tired
of this whole business and that he is anx
ious to withdraw from the scene of his
alleged kidnaping and the subsequent
hardship entailed by his explanation to
Mrs. Campbell and the detectives why he
was away from home for over fifty hours.
As a matter of fact, when Captain Lees
sent one of his men in search of the o'd
millionaire the latter had just given up
bis apartments in the Occidental Hotel
and had packed up for a trip away from
the ' City.
On the late afternoon train Mr. and Mrg.
Campbell, with their children, were pas
sengers bound for San Jose.
This hasty departure may assiime even
mora significance later on thau it does at
this time.
Be that as it may, Captain Lees' man
eot Campbell to visit room 6 nt the City
Hall, where Winthrop, some newspaper
men and a few detectives were in conver
sation. Campoell glanced at the crowd
and, after resting his eyes on Winthrop,
he said:
"That's the man."
He repeated this three times before he
and Captain Lees left the place.
In the meantime Winthrop remained
quite undismayed. He looked at Camp
bell very much as he might looK at any
body else. The fact that the visitor was
accompanied by Captain Lees may have
sueeested the following inquiry which he
addressed to Seymour:
"Who is that man with the captain?"
"That's Campbell, " answered Seymour.
"Have you ever seen him before?"
To this Winthrop declined to give an
answer.
But Campbell was not the only person
brought in to identify Winthrop.
It will be remembered that the prisoner
is said to have rented the cottage at 4109
California street from Mrs. Dunton. who
owns it and to whom he paid a first de
posit of $2 50 on the rent. Subsequently
the house agent, a Mr. SpecK, claims to
have received the balance, $17 50, from
Winthrop, whom he ciaims to know.
Mrs. Dunton was also invited yesterday
to take a look at the prisoner. She eyed
him long and closely, then shook her
head.
"No," she declared in a positive man
ner, "that is not the man who rented my
house. I have never seen this man
before."
"Who is that woman?" asked Winthrop
when she retired.
"Don't you know her? That's Mrs.
Dunton, who owns the cottage you rented
on California street."
"Oh, is she?" spoke Winthrop in per
fect unconcern.
Further than that Winthrop would say
nothing about either Campbell or the
iady.
HE TELLS WHERE HE WAS.
In a Communicative Mood Win-
throp Accounts for His
Movements.
When Captain Lees was informed last
night of the failure of Mrs. Dunton to
identify Winthrop he said that it was sim
ply because the man was cleau-shaven.
She had prior to that declared that the
photograph of VVinthrop shown her was
that of the man to whom she had rented
her house, and that photograph was one
of Winthrop's with a mustache.
"She will be able to positively identify
him yet," confidently said the captain.
Last evening Winthrop was rather more
communicative than durine the day.
He said his movements could be satis
factorily accounted for from Monday
morning last weeK till yesterday morning.
He was at his home Wednesday evening
at the time it was alleged he was seen on
Montgomery street with Campbell. He
was seen at a grocery on Tuesday, and on
Wednesday night he was at a meeting in
the Foresters' hall, 102 O'Farrell street,
till between 10 and 11 o'clock, when he
bad an appointment with a friend. Thurs
day morning he left the City and went to
San Jose, as he had no desire to get again
within the clutches of Captain Lees, who,
he said, kept him in jail for three months
on a former occasion on a false charge.
Upon hearing this story Captain Lees
said last night that Winthrop did not at
tend the meeting in Foresters' Hall
Wednesday night. He talked with a
friend in the hall from a quarter to 8 till
half past 8, and then went away. The
friend and two or three others looked for
him when the meeting convened, but he
was not there. If he had attended the
meeting be would have been arrested that
night. The meeting was one connected
with the American Protective Association
and was of the council of which Winthrop
was at one time district deputy.
The Captain hinted that there were
other matters yet that he knew of in con
nection with the affair whi-ch he would
make public at the proper time. He knew
the name on the blotter in Wlnthrop's
room, in Oakland, which was only half
distinguishable, but it would serve no good
purpose to make it known row.
' . •, ' '♦ — — .
THE OLD LADIES ESCAPED.
Wlnthrop Said to Have Thought
of Capturing
Few.
Detective Curtin is credited with the
possession of a document which will be
used effectively by the prosecution. It is
said to contain a statement of a man who
knew Winthrop very well, but who de
clares he did not understand the man's
real character. According to the state
ment Winthrop and ho were standing in
the lobby of the Occidental Hotel convers
ing when Winthrop suggested the feasi*
bility of kidnaping a number of old ladies
and holding them for ransom.
The friend supposed, of course, Win
throp was jesting, and remarked laugh
ingly: "l guess you wouldn't do anything
like that. If you are looking for that kind
of a game why don't yon take that old
fellow over there? (indicating Campbell).
He has more millions than you can count
on your lingers."
"He's my game," remarked Winthrop,
decisively. That was six weeks ago.
Campbell declares that when he was
strapped to the bea Winthrop remarked:
"We have been watching you for six weeks.
Do you think we will let you go now?"
REFUSED THE CASE.
Attorney Kyle Does Not Care to
Defend Wlnthrop a Second
Time.
W. M. Matthews, one of the attorneys
who defended Winthrop on his trial for
the murder of Mrs. Jennie Matthews,
some time ago, called early yesterday
afternoon to see the prisoner. The attor
ney says the line of defense which Win
throp would adopt was not discussed.
Nothing was said about the charge and no
arrangements were entered into. Winthrop
expressed a desire to retain C. W. Kyle,
who was also employed in his defense in a
previous trial. Kyle, however, declined
to take the case. Matthews will probably
be retained.
THE MISSING "PETE."
Frederick W. Brooks, Wlnthrop's
Brother-in-law, Was Known
by That Name.
One feature in this complicated case is
the mystery regarding "Pete," Winthrop's
alleged companion in the kidnaping case.
""It has been hinted that "Pete" might
have been Frederick W. Brooks, the
brother-in-law of Winthrop, who while
head janitor at the Emporium disappeared
from the City under suspicious circum
stances. That was on Saturday, August
I— two days prior to Campbell being made
a prisoner. fß9p£i&jfS3B? ;_ '
Captain Lees vehemently denied, when
questioned on the subject, that Brooks had
any connection with the Campbell affair.
He said he had been able to trace Brooks
movements up till Friday, August 7, and
from that fact he knew that Brooks was
not with Winthrop during that time.
■ " — - — — '." - ' . ■
HOW HE KNEW WINTHROP.
Campbell Says He Would Have
Recognized the Man Any
where.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Aug. 10. — Jame*
Campbell, the millionaire suzar-planter
of Honolulu, who was alleged to have
been kidnaped and robbed by O. W. Win
throp and an accomplice on Monday, Au
gust 3, arrived in this city at 3:54 o'clock
this afternoon, havine come from San
Francisco by the Monterey flier, which
left Ban Francisco at 2:30 P. M.
Mr. Campbell was accompanied by his
wile and two small children in charge of a
nurse. Mrs. L. M. McFarlane and daugh
ter of San Francisco also accompanied the
Cumi>bells as guests. A suite of rooms at
the Vendome was engaged for them for
three weeks. Mr. Campbell signified his
intention of remaining in this city until
the next steamer sails for Honolulu, when
he will return to his home.
He was seated upon the piazza of the
Vendome this evening listening to a con
cert by the Vendome Orchestra, when ap
proached by a Call representative.
At first he expressed his preference to
remain silent in regard to his late un
pleasant experience in San Francisco,
claiming that he had sought seclusion and
rest in San Jose in order to avoid the an
noyances to which he wa3 subjected in
San Francisco.
When questioned as to how he was en
abled to identify O. W. Winthrop as the
man who had enticed him into a cottage
in the Richmond district Mr. Campbell
said :
"Why, I would have known the man
anywhere an earth I saw him. There is a
peculiarity about his complexion and his
features which could not easily be forgot
ten.
"The first time I ever saw the man was
on this very porch a few days before my
departure for San Francisco, on Monday,
August 3, preparatory to sailing on Tues
day. It was in the afternoon, and I was
talKing to some friends when he
approached me. He knew my name,
and also knew that I had been
stopping at the Occidental Hotel
before coming to San Jose. He asked me
when I was going to return to Honolulu
and also when I would return to the Oc
cidental. I had never seen the man be
fore in my life, but he seemed to know
who I was so 1 told him when I intended
to return to San Francisco and also when
I was to sail. A few hours after 1 arrived
in San Francisco as I was going through the
hotel office I saw and recognized at once
the man who had spoken to me at the
Vendome. A short time afterward he'
came up and shook hands. Reference was
made to the Sau Jose meeting, and he told
me be bad sold bis orchard in Santa Clara
County and thought of engaging in coffee
planting in Australia. He asked my ad
vice upon this matter, but I declined to
advise him, as I knew little of coffee-rais
ing. He seemed very anxious to go to
Australia, and the interest he manifested
led me into his trap. I agreed to accom
pany him to his place to see his wife, whom
be seemed anxious I should meet and tell
about the prospects for a man in Aus
tralia.
"My going to the cottaee in the Rich
mond district with the man, where we
encountered a third man who was masked
and who with a pistol demanded both
Winthrop and myself to throw up our
hands, has already been narrated. As
soon as the masked man with the gun en
tered the parlor instead of the wife, whom
I was expecting, I knew I had been
trapped and was in for a fight. I en
deavored to get. the pistol away from the
masked man and this lead to a scuffle. In
the beginning of this Winthrop hit me on
the side of the head with some blunt in
strument, which knocked me down and
placed me at the mercy of the rascals into
whose hands I had fallen.
"The man who addressed me at the
Vendome and whom I accompanied on
that eventful evening gave me his name,
but I did not clearly understand it. It
may have been Winheld. It was not Win
throp. I paid little attention to his name
and am noc good at remembering names,
but I seldom forget a face, and that man's
face I would know among a million.
"After his arrest in Oakland to-day I
was taken to see him. He had shaved off
his mustache, but I knew him in an in
stant. There was a peculiar tint to his
skin, which 1 would have known even if
I had not seen his features and his eyes.
He would not look at me, but hung his
bead. There was guilt expressed in every
feature of his face, and he seemed tn know
that if he looked up and caught my eyes
he would betray himself.
"I want to get back to Honolulu, but I
will stay to see this thing out. I will not
leave as long as my presence can be of any
assistance in prosecuting this man."
The register of the Vendome Hotel
shows that on Friday, July 31, one O.
Win field stopped at the hotel for dinner.
The management or the clerks do not
know at what time he took his departure.
He did not occupy a room, and there is no
check to show that he settled nis bill.
A man registering as O. W. Winthrop
from San Francisco registered at the St.
James Hotel on the same night about mid
night. He left before breakfast on the
following morning.
D. V. Mahoney, State chaplain and a
member of the State executive board of
the American Protective Association, this
evenine corroborated the story of Capitalist
Campbell as to Winthrop being in this
city on Friday, July 31. Winthrop, who is
president of one of the A. P. A. councils of
San Francisco, called upon him that day.
Winthrop inquired the route to the Hotel
Vendome and was told the location. This
was in the morning. About 2 o'clock in
the afternoon they met again, and Win
tnrop said he had been at the Vendome.
The 11 and 16 year old daughters of Mr.
and Mrs. CamcDell are at the College cf
Notre Dame in this city, where they
have been attending school since aboul
the 19tn of July.
Forty years ago a Maine genius con
ceived the idea of copper- toed shoes, and
he made $100,000 out of it. It is almost
thirty years since Heaton of Providence
invented the metal button-fastener now in
universal use. and a fortune has been made
from that also.
NEW TO-DAY:
y-jss====sS BORDEN'S
fe|g|p!^ PEERLESS
PF§gJ§-fig| Evaporated
mme%s CREAM
iß^^cvAPtf^ I Does not spoil
wjjfej|gi>jt- '\ PREPARED BY
K^-j-g.TXKg^j^tr New York Condensed
• =>^^^^^^ Milk Co.
WriiM's . Man VeptaWe Pills
Are ' acknowledged , by ;. thousands ■of , persons who
have used them for over forty .years to cure :
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimples, and
purify the blood. . :, ; .-.-, - ■;.■..- ■■■•',-> ■-.-■. ■- ■;->•:.■,-.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without i trie i least • exposure, ; change ■ of diet, . or ,
change in application to business. The medicina
contains nothing that is of the least Injury to the
constitution.? Ask your druggist lor U. r Price $1 *
bttttft ■ ■■■
HUDYAN CURES MAN!
DISEASES AND DISABILITIES
OF MEN.
Do you feel more tired in the morning
than on going to lied? Do you have mel-
ancholy spells? Are you unable to con-
centrate' your mind? ; Have i you poor
memory? Do you feel unfit either for
business or society, feel thy, desire to be
alone, irritable, despondent and almost
demoralized, feel generally used up, and
that life is losing its charm for you? If
so, you are afflicted with Nervous Debil-
ity. and if yon do not receive prompt and
efficient medical treatment you may be
attacked suddenly by Nervous Prostra-
tion. . . .; '- . ..
Cure yourself by using nature's
grand ' remedio-treatment— THE
GREAT HUDYAN.
CIRCULARS FREE.
Do you begin to realize that you are not
so vigorous as formerly, have not the old-
time energy or vitality, are losing your
grip, and lack the vim which enables a
man to thrust trifles aside and march on-
ward to sncce«s? - .
NINETY PER CENT of men, at some
time of life, between the ages of 21 and
50, become afflicted with organic and
nervous weakness and LOSS OF SEXUAL
POWER, partial or complete. It does not
by any means follow that men so attacked
have been guilty of either fault or ex-
cesses, as only too often do we find the
sufferer's habits to have been quite ex-
emplary in all except that he is the slave
of his own ambition, and permits himself
to be harassed and racked by a thousand
and one tormenting problems consequent
upon his desire to get rich, the worry of
his business or profession, or his aspira-
tions for social and other distinction.
HUDYAN Is just what Is
needed in your case. You should
learn more about THE GREAT
HUDYAN. Call or write.
CIRCULARS FREE.
Thousands of the busy, brainy, thinking
classes of American men exhaust them-
selves long before they have reached
what ought to be the age of Life's Golden
Meridian.
Thousands of others have burned the
candle at both ends, so to speak, indulged
in excesses during- youth, and after mar-
riage, perhaps, now realize the inevitable
result.
Few escape the direful consequences of
folly. The crop is sown, and for harvest
we have lack of energy, nerve force, am-
bition, a want of self-confidence, and feel
unfit for business, society or to marry.
The best interests of such sufferers will
be promoted
Using the great remedy treat-
ment— HUDYAN.
HUDYAN cures prematureness
In 20 days.
CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS.
JLPJULPJUUJLPJLPJULg^
SEW TO-DAY.
WIAJTIEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should Bend at
(TjS*^* once for a book
Jp*^? that explains how
/**^ns. full manly vigor
I /w~ £3&*v * 3 eas 'ly» quickly
IV, 5Ki rSV and permanently
_<*gTuL *%& rys*^*sTu? restored. man
S ' r^^^-r^i^/Kt suffering from
I / ~ XvvJr/J weakness can af-
I /^~^=aS3^/ ItPViSU ford to ignore thia
II -s^Yi fif^n timely advice.
/jSg^V ASLj/.V. Book tells how
*>*— •— \ ** T^'full strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed ) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL 80.. BUFFALO.N.Y.
TO MILK DEALERS !
20 TO 50 CANS OF MILK
FOR SALE DAILY.
APPLY AT 307 BATTERY STREET.
OOSMOFOZjIT
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cat — The most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Booms 50c
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopo'.itan Hotel. WM. Proprietor.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Sun Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA YS-7 :30, 8:00, 11:00 a. it; 18:3*
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 P. V. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m. - -
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:3 a
6:00, 6:20 p. if.
| | San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYB-6:1B, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— trlna
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. m. *"
SUNDAY B—7:3S, 9:36, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40. 3 -4 a
6:00, 6:25 P.M. "«••••
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park samt
schedule as above.
.Leave In e eot I • Arrive : ~
Ban Francisco. pril ™ Ban Franclsca
■'.gg I i^M I ¥sz
7:30 am; 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor,, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
lOeyservill*,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
r ~" "^ ! Pieta, ■ " - ..- "
7:30 am Hojpland A ■ 10:10 am
8:30 pm 7:30 am U lei ah. 7:50 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am ~ ~~ 10:10 am
7:80 am Gnernevllle. 7 :S0 "
3:30 pm J --■■...-■■... 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7 :30 am I Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
. and . •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm' 6:15 pm
7:80 am 1 7:80 am I 8eD aBtoDOL 1 10:40 am 1 10 :10 am
8:30 pm 1 5:00 PMJ BeD »»topol. j 6:06 fM| 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Santa i Rom ! for Marie West
Springs: at Geyserville for 81ca«c«s Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs'- at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
■ell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hnllville, Booneville
"Greenwood, Oar's Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
»ort Bragg. Wsstport.-Vsal.-WUiets. Cahto ci-
T»lo, iJiyionville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
fates. ■ ■- ■ •-. ■ - ■ ■■:•■• ... --■<-„-* ... j.;
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all nolnu be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. '
- Jl<**tonices. 660 Market st., Chronicle bnlldtns;
B.C.WHITINO. R.X.RYAH.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
RAILROAD m&IPIm. tffiaferi
Trains leave and arrlva usiMnHNSw]
Market-Street Ferry. WS^^SflßWi
SASTA FFEXPRESS. jgllpB?
To Chicago via A. & l\^§3gggg^ljJo
£° ayes « v e«7 day at 5 p. m., carrvinß Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars. ■; with clean linen
an bedding and in charue of a porter, run dally
through ie Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. -.
Personally conducted Boston Excursion's via
Kansas. City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
_ The best railway from. California to the East.
r»ew rails, new lies; no dust; interesting scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. -
;;. Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Mala 1&31.
Organic Wen^nrss, Impoteney, with nil
it« train of miserable forebodings, doubt,
disability, fears and embarrassment, de-
moralizes a rrmn: he loses dignity, be-
comes despondent, sometimes thinks of
committing *ulclde, see* nothing to lire
for, and feels jrenerally discontented with
himself and all the world.
This condition of lost or falling vigor in
married or single, no matter how in-
duced, can be cured.
The great remedy— HUDYAN'.
CIRCULARS FREE.
YOUNG MEN vrhn aro troubled with
dreams and drains, which sooner or later
exhaust vitality and result in nervous de-
bility or other serious conditions, should
Use THE GREAT HUDYAN.
CIRCULARS FREE.
TAINTED BLOOD.
TA'XTKD B'OOI) First, secondary
TAIXTKD "BT.OOn and tertiary form's
TAHTKI) BIjOOI> of blood disorfipr-
TAIXTKD Bf.OOD are manifested hv
TAIMED BT.OO" Conper - c ol o red
TAI>TEI) BLOOD Spots, Itch in j.
TAINTED HLOOI) Skin, > Irritatiil
TAI>T v n FtOOH Pry, Parched
TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers ii,
TAINTED BLOO" the Mouth, Fallinc
TAINTED B'.OOD Hair and Ba,]
TAIXTH) BLOOD Blood. When In
TAISTED B'OOi) this condition yon
TAISTKD FLOOD must act prompt-
TAIN'TE" BLOO»> ly. The best to r[ r
TAINTED BLOOD is the sure 3(M*y
TAINTED R',ood enre. Call or write
TAINTED BLOOD for the
i 30-Day Cure Circulars, j
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton and Market Sts.
HUDYAN Makes Man.
CIRCULARS FREE.
BLOOD AND PKlX— Blood and Skin
Diseases. Blood Poison, Syphilis, affecting
the Body, Throat. Skin a*id Bones; Mu-
cous Patches in Mouth, Fleers, Tumors,
Warty Growths, etc.. scientific treatment;
guaranteed cure. Ulceration of Leg or
other parts. Worst cases solicited. Cure
effected or money refunded.
KIDNEY AND 'BLADDER— Kidney and
Bladder Ailments, Painful. Difficult, Too
Frequent, Milky or Bloody Urine, and all
matters relating to Urinary Passage
promptly cured.
PRIVATE DlSEASES— Varicocele, Rup.
ture, Stricture, Senlding, Burning, Smart-
ing, Frequent Urination, Discharges, Irri-
tation, etc., radically cured; unfailing
method. No knife, no pain.
They successfully treat all Chronic, Ner-
vous, Skin and Blood Diseases, and guar-
antee a cure in every case accepted.
RABLROAP TRAm;
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26, 31,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. p. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot of
Market St.. at 8:00 p. m.
CDEPIAI i 01 (1 Including Berth.
OIUUIML ' Ul U Tourist Sleeper.
nfITTP ( Alfl First-class, Including
RAT to '518 Berth, Standard
w w " w Sleeper.
For farther Information apply at 613 Marital
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HOFTHKKJi pacific ceafPAirr.
(PACIFIC SVSTEH.)
Train* leave nnil nr« due to arrive at
SAN FUANCISC'O. .
leave — FttOM JOCK 7. 1896. — ARltlVl
"•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Station*... 8:43 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast. . «*4S»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacanlie, Rumscy. Sacra?
mento, Oronlle and Redding via
DaTU a:438
7>ooa Martinez, Ban Ramon, Napa, Calls.
toga and Santa Rosa «:13i
■:80a Niles, Sau Jose, Ktockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marj-Bville and Res
Bluff 4:1»P
*StSOA Peters and Miltou *7:19«
•too a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles 4i4-">p
S:00a Martinez and Stockton 1 1 :45a
9:00 a Vallejo «:13p
1:00 Niles, San Jose and Livermore . 9:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *9ioop
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations tTi4oi
4: OOP Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano ana
Santa Rosa tsKU
•t—p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Mary»Tii)&, ,
Orovills and Sacramento 10:43*
4:3©p Nile*, Ban' Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton.... 7ilsp
4iMp Merced, Berenda. Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11<40a
OlMr New Orleans Express, Fresno. Baker*,
. *leld, Santa T>arl>ara,liOS AngelciL
Iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East H»il»A
VtOOr Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Express
forMojave and East lCil»*
SrOOp Vallejo.. 11:45 a
6:OOi> Kuropeau Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... O:«A
««OOp nay wards, Nile* and San Jose 7: -IS*.
$7soop Vallejo f7-.45p
7:00p Oregon Express, .Sacramento. Marys-
vllle, Redding, Portland, Piigct
bound and Kast 10:45 a
' SANTA <;IU)Z IU VISION (Narrow (Jauge). *
(7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }»«•'*,
■il3a Newark, Coutem l .lose, Felton,
Bonlder Creek, San Cruz and Way ,
Stations *i3«F|
•Silßr Newark, Ceoterville, San .lose. New
Almadec, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Baut» Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MI»2«U
|4;15p Newark, San .lose and Lou (.atos.... «19:30*.
COAST DIVISION (lliirtl & loiTiisfiKl St«.)
«6:45ASan Jose and Way Stations (New „ ._
Almaden Wednesdays only) • " : * *
I?:3*a Sunday Excursion for San Joca.
SanU Cruz, Pacific GroTe, and
, Principal Way Stations J»«WP
•aISASan .lose, Tres Piuos, Santa Crux,
J*aciiic Grove, Paso Rubles. Sas
{.u<s Oblipo, Gnadalnpe and Prin- '_
tlpal Way Stations .T«n»
r»»«7A Palo Alto and Way Stations ♦J I ,,S»
0:40 a Sau Jo— tad Way SUtlons .SI!
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:3 °*
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park. Han Jo*%
Gilroy, Tres Plnos, Santa Cm%, ....
Balina«,Monterey and «l«:40A
*3:HopSan Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way
Stations A ; .T>nT
•4:SOp San Jose and Way Stations ..-• 'S'.jil
5:30p San Jobs and Principal Way Stations *•«"
«:«Op San Jose and Way Stations «5!St
Hl:43p San Jose and Way Station* t7.4»p
SAX LKAMHiO AX» HAtWABP* LOCAL.
I .•fl:OOAV ( VV^i
j 8:OOa .*2 : l1 a
lt-oo» IO:4Sa
! lo.'ooa | Melme, »lB»ry Park, 11:43 a
! "fi-SSp Fltem.irf,SwL«.iidr« *$$&
» * nd : SI;
«;«gP Howard.. ;gg
7:oop *;^5
O-OO? < Runs through to Niles. l 0:50
tfllilSpJ < From Niles. ttl2:OO f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSlH mHCISCO-Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:09 $3:01
•i:O3 tB:OO •8:00 p.m.
fr«mOIIUIR-rootofBro»d#»/.— „„ *0:00 8:01
10:00 A.M. 112:00 •1:00 *2:00 *3:00 11:08
«3:00 p.m. ■-_' ' "- -"' „
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. , t Saturdays only,
t Sundays only. :
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
6 Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
If Sundays and Mondays from Santa Cms.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry),
From San Francisco, commencing June 15. 189&
WEEKDAYS. *
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *Boo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. A. it; »1;45, S:2O. 4:li
•6:15, •6:00,6:35 p. if. ?'.;*~
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, W*dne»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. k.
• SUNDAYS.
Wot Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00. •9 00.
•10:00.11:30 a. M.;*»ia:Bl>. »l:3O, *2:14 •4-OOL
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. Kztra trip to SauialiMaf
11:00 a. M. . .
Trains marked' * run to San Qaentln. ••12:31
r. M. does not run to Mill Vj»jj»v '
THROUGH TRAINS. .
_ For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a. M.
■Mnrdays: 9 a. v. Sundays; 5:16 P. m. weekdays.
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
1:00 a. M.^unaaj's; l:4A*v k, we£itd*ya^ -MRS, CRAVEN TELLS
OF HER MARRIAGE,
She Describes the Wedding
Ceremony in Her Depo
sition.
SOME OTHER TESTIMONY
A Very Interesting Interview
With Governor
Budd.
SAYS SHE WAS THREATENED.
Other Proceedings in the Case Wait
ing for the End of Her
Evidence.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven continued her
deposition in the Fair will case at her res
idence on Guerrero street yesterday.
There were present Messrs. Delmas and
De Haven of counsel for Mrs. Craven,
Messrs. Pierson and McEnerney, George
R. Williams, Mrs. Haskins, Margaret Cra
ven and Dr. Clinton, and George W.
Smith, stenographer. The proceedings
occupied the entire day. The depositions
of the attorneys, which were to have been
taken in the office of Delmas & Shortridge,
went over until Wednesday. The main
proceedings yesterday were at Mrs. Cra
ven's home.
When the direct examination of Mrs.
Craven was resumed the first question
propounded by Mr. Pierson was, "What
were the contents of the second will?' 1
Mrs. Craven was instructed by Mr. Del
mas not to answer. She was also advised
not to answer these questions:
"Do you recollect the execution of any
other wills at your house or your rooms
by Senator Fair than those you have
spoken of?"
"How many wills in all did he ever exe
cute in your house or in your rooms?"
"Did he ever tell you at any time that
he had ever executed wills outside of your
hou<e or your rooms?"
"Dili he ever tell you the contents of
any wills that he had ever executed at any
place?"
"Did he ever tell you that he had made
any provision for you by will?"
Mrs. Craven testified that she thought
that she last saw James G. Fair on the
street on the 22d day of December, 1894.
She saw him subsequently, she presumed,
at her residence and perhaps downtown,
but she could not say where.
"During the year 1593 did he pay you
any money?"
•Yes he paid me money all the time
from 1892 whenever I wanted it or when
ever lie was in the City from .May 23,
1892."
"in regular sums or irregular sums?"
"Irregular sums."
"Not periodically?"
"Just as I might need it."
"Then you would apply to him for
what money you would need and he would
pay you?"
"I did not."
"Well, how did he know that you needed
it?"
"He would always ask me."
"Can you give an idea of how much he
ever paid you at one time?"
"I cannot."
Mrs. Craven was then asked why she
did not have the deeds recorded earlier.
"Because I had hoped to see the chil
dren, and upon showing them what I pos
sessed and their father's letters — or, not
letters, but showing them that which
would show .their father's wishes — that
they would quietiy, without having any
contract matter come up, which I very
much disliked, do what was right by me.
And I still believe that some of them will
if they are correctly represented."
Concerning another matter the testi
mony was as follows:
"What reason did Senator Fair give you
for wanting to know if you knew of any
discreet attorney in connection with the
deeds of September 24, 1894? 1 '
"Because it was our desire, on the part
of bom of us, that the matter be kept
secret until he could publish to the world
knowledge of it — did you say deeds?"
"Yes.' 1
"I beg pardon. I did not understand
your question. Ask it again."
"What reason did Sanator Fair give you
for desiring to know if you knew of a dis
creet notary who couid take the acknowl
engement of the deeds of September 24,
1894?"
"Because he was a very sick man, and
we both agreed that if he died first the
contract should die with me, and the deeds
would cause comment and notoriety that
would call forth some reason for them.''
"When did you first know that those
deeds had been acknowledged?"
"The latter part of December."
"Can you fix the date of that?"
"I cannot.'
"From whom did you learn that they
had been acknowledged?"
"I learned it from the papers them
selves."
"Then the first Indication that you had
that they had been acknowledged was
when you received the papers them
selves?"
"No, sir; I met Senator Fair in the
meantime, and he told me tbat he would
attend to that matter, and I kew he must
have done it before the papers were sent."
"On what day do you recollect that he
told you that he would acknowledge or
had acknowledged these deeds?"
"He told me the 24th day of September
that he would have them acknowledged."
Attorney Pierson asked: "Did you ever
write any letter to Senator Fair?"
"I have written him notes."
"Well, take the last year of his life. Did
you write him at all during the last year
bf his life?"
"Not much; after the first letters were
stolen from the California I sent verbal
messages, or principally."
••You have no recollection now that you
wrote to him during the year 1892?"
"Of course I must have written to him."
"Did he ever tell you he had destroyed
your letters?"
■'1 think he said as much aa that to me
once."
"Did he ever pay over to you any of the
rents of the property described in those
deeds?"
"I don't know whether you would call
that the rents or not. He has paid me
money."
"During the year 1894 did he pay you
money?"
"He did."
"Large or small furas?
"I don't remember just now."
"During the year 1893 did be pay you
any money?"
"Yes, he paid me money all the time
from 1892, whenever I wanted it or when
ever he was in the City,from May 23, 1892."
Mr. Pierson asked whether Mrs. Craven
ever displayed the deeds or marriage con
tract to Senator Fair's children. Bhe did
not, she said. Then Mr. Pierson asked
whether she had ever talked to Governor
Budd about the lead-pencil will.
"I didn't talk about the lead-pencil will
with Governor Buad, but I did talk about
the ink will in January or February, 1895.'
"Where did you converse with Governor
Budd?"
"In his office."
"In Ihe executive chamber at Sacra
mento?"
"Yos, sir."
"Did you have the will at that time?"
"No, sir; I sent tbe will to my daughter.
H ii whs in the iatter part of January that
1 talked with Governor Budd i had the
will."
' 'Piil you show the will to Governor
Hu.1.l then?"
'•No. sir."
"Did jrou talk to him about it?"
"I Hunk that I told him something of
i bf «'<>uionts."
"Did you give him the precise date of
«\< . ntioncrteil him that it was later than
ttip will that had been filed?"
"Not until he told me tbat he had defi
ntt« information through Charles L. Fair
thai ■ will had been written did I admit
Unit 1 hud a will."
"So Governor Budd had gome informa
tion that you had a will?"
"ile must have had."
"And your impression was that he had
heard of it from Charles L. Fair?"
"I supposed so, because Governor Budd
was Charles L. Fair's attorney."
Mrs. Craven also answered that she did
not at that time give Governor Budd the
date of the will or the names of the execu
tors. She admitted that she bad the will
when Governor Budd rang up the bell to
call Dr. Levingston, and told Governor
Budd all about it. Governor Budd told
her that Charles L. Fair had told him
that Senator Fair had called him (Charles
L. Fair) into the middle of the street in
front of the Baldwin Hotel and said that
he had made a will. Governor Budd at
this interview told Mrs. Craven that if he
did not get this will right away he would
send her across tbe bay.
"You say he said that be would send
you across the bay. What did you think
tbat he meant?"
"I told him I supposed that I had ten
mouths in which to present the deed. He
said, 'Don't you know that you ought to
have produced it in thirty days?' "
"Do you recollect who was present at
this conversation?"
"I do not. I know that Martin Kelly
was there."
"Did he hear all of the conversation?"
"I do not know."
Mrs. Craven was asked whether she
drew several clauses in the will, especially
one making a bequest of $50,000 to the
teachers' fund. She refused to answer,
acting under advice of counsel.
"Did you draft the will from your own
intelligence or did you have a form fur
nished?"
"I had no form furnished to me."
"You drew the will from what you knew
of the forms required in such cases?"
"Not from my knowledge of forms, be
cause it seems that one is illegal."
"Then you had no legal advice in draw
ing the will?"
"No, sir."
"No advice from any one else?"
"No, sir. I simply worded it."
"Did you and Senator Fair converse on
September 24 about who should be execu
tors of the will?"
"Yes, sir."
"What did he say?"
"He said that he would put on his
nephew, Mr. Crothers, and Mr. Angus,
and that he thought that he would put on
two more. I asked why he would put on
two more when one more would make
three and I told him that I did not think
that two more would be necessary. 'The
money belongs to your children,' I said,
'and why shouid you go outside for an
extra executor?' He said that he had not
thought of that. He asked me who to
put on and I said that Dr. Levingston had
been good, and why not let him go on.
Then Senator Sair said, 'I will let him go
on.' "
Mr. Pierson asked if there was any con
versation between Senator Fair and Mrs.
Craven while the lead pencil will was be
ing written and Mrs. Craven said that sne
thought that Senator Fair asked her to
spell certain words. Senator Fair read the
will over on that occasion. Mrs. Haskins
saw both the lead pencil and the ink wills.
Senator Fair read the will to both Mrs.
Craven and Mrs. Haskins.
"Was the marriage contract written in
Senator Fair's presence by you?"
"Yes, sir; he dictated it. '
"Was it postdated or antedated?"
"It was dated on that day or evening. I
cannot say which."
"Did he use the same pen ?"
"1 cannot say."
"What did Senator Fair say?"
"He said, 'Your mother is dead and you
have no one to object to a marriage by
contract. Jim is dead, and 1 feel that I
have lost the one I cared about as much
as any one of my family, and you have
no one to grieve over the contract mar
riage. 1 "
"And then?"
"I asked him how he wanted to be mar
ried, and he said by contract, but he
wanted to keep it quiet until he could get
his affairs settled so that he could go
away. He knew that tbe children would
be veryargrv, but they could get over it."
"Is that all?"
"Then he proposed that I should sit down ,
and he said that he would write the mar
riage contract. He said, 'You sit down
and I will tell you as short a form of mar
riage contract as you will ever find on
record.' "
"What happened then?"
"I sat down and wrote the contract."
"You wrote to completion and then
signed it?"
"1 think that he signed it first"
"You showed that contract to Judge
Sullivan?"
"Yes, sir."
"The original."
"Yes, sir."
"He looked at it or you held it up."
"I think he looked at it. He may have
had it in his hands or not."
"Who suggested that you should go to
see Judge Sullivan?"
"I think that Senator Fair said tbat I
had better see him as he was my attor
ney."
"Was he your attorney then?"
"He had been my attorney in other
matters earlier. He had transacted busi
ness for me."
"When the marriage contract was
written did Senator Fair say that he had
made any provision for you?
"He said that he would provide."
"Did the matter of money come up
again?"
"Oh, yes, repeatedly. He said that he
would provide, and he did during his life."
The forenoon session closed with some
discussion between the attorneys concern
ing the furnishing of copies of Mrs.
Craven's deeds.
At the afternoon session Mr. McEnerney
cross-examined Mrs. Craven.
Comparatively little was elicited of pub
lic interest that has not already been made
public during the earlier proceedings.
Mrs. Craven testified thai Governor
Budd sugeested that she should talk with
Mr. Lloyd. This suggestion was made
through Mr. Roberts, whom she had re
quested to go to Sacramento to see the
Governor, a request that she should visit
Sacramento having been telephoned to
this City by Governor Budd. Messrs.
Knight and Lloyd called at her home and
also sought her at her schoolroom. She
told Mr. Lloyd that Senator Fair had
executed a will, but she did not describe it
to him. She may have told Governor
Budd that it was written on two sides of a
single sheet of paper. She told Mr. Lloyd
that she had two deeds, and she also
showed him a copy of the will of Septem
ber 24. She intentionally gave him an
evasive answer when he asked her if she
had the deeds in her possession. Before
she went East she told the following
named persons that she had the deeds:
Mrs. Johnson, Colonel Trumbo, Mr. Cos
grove, Mr. Cullen, who was secretary of
the teachers' pension fund, Mr. Bonner
Mr. Roberts and Mr. Williams.
Mr. Lloyd, Mrs. Craven continued, said
that he had found that she was entitled
under deeds, and offered her $250,000.
The principal matter spoken of was that
Mrs. Craven should not have any notori
ety. The marriage contract was to be
kept secret. All the attorneys were at her
house, and they all must have known
about the deeds and the contract. One
night a man came to her house and talked
to her about the case. She asked him
what his name was, and he refused to give
his name. She then declined to have any
conversation with him. Subsequently,
from a book of photographs she selected
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
one which looked like this visitor, and
the picture was Mr. McEnerney's.
"Do you think that I am the man who
called?"
"Well," said Mrs. Craven, "there may
be another man who looks like you, and I
will give you the benefit of the doubt."
The taking of Mjs.- Craven's deposition
was not concluded, and the hearing will
be resumed at her residence to-day.
• »- : "-'-;■;
FAIR CASE POSTPONED.
Judge Slack Has Not Had Time to
Settle a Knotty Question.
Action in the Fair case has been delayed
for one week. Yesterday Judge Slack was
to have cleared away the last obstruction
to its progress by deciding the question of
the standing in court of Van R. Paterson
ai the legal representative of Herman
Oelrichs Jr. and several other minor heirs
of James G. Fair. The matter had come
up on a demurrer interposed by the at
torneys for Miss Virginia Fair and Mrs.
Theresa A. Oelrichs to Judge Paterson's
opposition to the probate of the pencil
will.
Arguments were submitted on briefs to
Judge Slack in regard to the affair and his
Honor was to have decided it yesterday.
The briefs were delayed, however, and
not submitted until Saturday evening, so
the Judge had not enough time to con-
Bider them. Monday next at 10 a. m. the
case will be resumed and the decision as
to the demurrer announced.
ORDER TO MARCH ISSUED
First U. S. Infantry to Camp
Four Weeks at Santa
Cruz.
Fifth Artillery Details for Study at
Fort Monroe and Light Battery
Doty.
General Forsyth, commanding the De
partment of California, in special orders
No. 88, dated August 7, directs the First
Infantry, U. S. A., to march to Santa Cruz.
The field, staff, band and companies of
the regiment serving at Angel Island and
Benicia Barracks will be concentrated at
Angel Island Wednesday, August 12,
whence they will proceed to the Presidio
and thence march to Santa Cruz, arriving
not later than August 21.
The regiment will go in to camp at Santa
Cruz and be instructed for four weeks in
"evolutions of the regiment" and in field
exercises by methods similar to those
illustrated at Monterey last year. On com
pleting this duty tbe regiment will return
to Angel Island, arriving not later than
September 28.
Captain Guy L. Edie, Assistant Surgeon,
with a detachment of the Hospital Corps
and an ambulance, will accompany the
command.
The Cam's special dispatches from
Washington during the past week consti
tute the chief topic of comment in army
circles. The cransfers and changes affect
every battery of the Fifth Artillery. The
extent of the "shake-up" was not appre
ciated until the Call's dispatches gave
details.
The law requires that there shall be one
light battery in every regiment of artillery,
and one additional light battery maybe
created at the pleasure of the President;
hence, every artillery regiment in the ser
vice has two light batteries.
Every three years the detail of lieuten
ants lor light battery duty is changed,
therefore some of the changes announced
were not unexpected.
To account for other changes foreshad
owed it may be explained that General
Schofield while commanding the army
helU it to be sufficient for only one first
lieutenant to serve with a light battery,
thus requiring three second lieutenants.
General Miles, the present commander,
Scene of the Accident on Sansomc Street Where Contractor McGllvray Was
Killed.
has decided to adhere strictly to the letter
of the law, so each light battery will here
after have two first and two second lieu
tenants.
Every two years a detail is made from
each regiment for officers to attend the
artillery school at Fort Monroe. An offi
cer of the grade of lieutenant may have
completed twenty years' active service
with his battery, still he is required to go
to Fort Monroe and take two years' in
struction in the artillery school.
It is reported that the second firing prac
tice of the lk'ht batteries of the Fifth Ar
tillery at Santa Cruz disclosed the fact that
the shrapnel was defective. During the
firing one-half of the force on the field was
required to keep spectators and livestock
out of range of exploding shells.
Captain Henry J. Reilly, Battery X,
Fifth Artillery, has returned from a triD
to Northern California.
Scission High School Evening Class.
At the Horace Mann Grammar School a class
has been organized for high school work. It
will probably be composed mainly of gradu
ates from the grammar grades, though none
will be excluded who have the proper Drepara
tion. These are, up to date, about the only
applicants.
Loans 'on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
CRUSHED BENEATH
A BROKEN DERRICK
James S. McGilvray, a
Contractor, Meets an
Instant Death.
TIMBER SNAPPED IN TWO
Deceased Was Struck in the
Back and His Left Lung
Was Ruptured.
A PROMINENT POLITICIAN.
He Served Two Terms as City Coun
cilman in Denver — Leaves a
Widow and Two Children.
James S. McGilvray, a contractor,
brother and partner of John D. McGilvray,
was instantly killed yesterday afternoon
at 5 o'clock in a building now under con-
James S. McGilvray.
struction on the lot once occupied by the
old American Exchange Hotel, on Ban
some street, between Sacramento and Cal
ifornia. A derrick used for hoisting large
blocks of stone suddenly collapsed and
deceased was struck on the back by a fall
ing timber, which ruptured bis left lung
and crushed in five of his ribs. He fell a
few feet to the scaffolding, where in a few
moments he breathed his last.
"To-day's accident, which cost my
brother his life, was a most peculiar and
unaccountable one," said John D. McGil
viay last evening. "The derrick which
broke was erected a few days ago, and we
all regarded it as perfectly safe, especially
so as only skilled men are employed to
handle it. A stone weighing about two
tons, the cap for the north pier, was being
hoisted into place. My brother was
standing at the corner of the
building directly under one of the timbers,
known to derrick-users as a stiff leg. I
WBs talking to Richard Morrisey, one of
my workmen, when I heard something
snap up above. I lru mediately sprang
back to avoid being injured in case the
derrick came down, but I had gone
but a few feet when the stiff leg
crashed in two. The boom and stone
fell, the latter bending a large steel girder
it struck on its downward course, and nar
rowly escaped crushing to death a mar
who was working in the basement. I
glanced around and saw, as I thought,
that all had escaped injury.
"In a moment, however, I noticed my
brother lying on the scaffold apparently
unconscious. I hurried over to him and
found that he had Deen badly injured. I
ordered a man to send for an ambulance,
but before it arrived my brother was dead.
'•I will never be able to understand just
how the accident occurred. That derrick
was used in the construction of
the Parrott building and frequently
lifted stones weighing eleven or twelve
tons. The derrick was set ap
with great care and after it had been pro
nounced secure by all the workmen I in
spected it personally to be doubly sure
that there was no danger of a breakdown,
out it is evident that our judgment was at
fault. The accident has occurred and the
death of my brother was a great shock to
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria,
me. We were very careful, but I now wish
Me had b«en more so."
James S. McGilvray was prominent in
Denver (Colo.) politics, having served two
terms as a member of the City Council ol
that city, and held various other political
positions. He leaves a widow and two
minor children, a boy and a girl.
MORE TYPHOID FEVER.
Two Cases Taken From Buckman't
Grading Camp to the City and
County Hospital.
Two more cases of typhoid fever were
taken from the grading camp of A. E.
Buckman to the City and County Hospital
yesterdaymorning,making nine cases in all.
Buckman claims that while the men may
have been taken from his camp suffering
from the fever, the epidemic did not start
there and the camp is in a good sanitary
condition.
There is prospect of a lively time be
tween Buckman and the health authori
ties over the matter, the contractor claim
ing that Health Officer Lovelace acted in
an arrogant, arbitrary manner in refusing
to visit the camp when written to and in
vited to do so. The Health Officer says
that the camp must be cleansed and there
the matter rests.
The board will probably take a hand in
the matter and either condemn the camp
or give Buckman a clean bill as far as he
is concerned.
GARDEN CAMP MEN.
Captain John I little Says He Does Not
Compel His Help to Sleep on
the Premises.
The sweeping charges made by C. L.
Dam and C. M. Grim of the State Labor
Bureau, severely reflecting on the sleeping
apartments provided for the laborers em
ployed by Captain John Tuttle, are ex
plained by Captain Tuttle, who says that
he does not provide bis men with sleeping
accommodation. If they see fit to bunk
in the "ramshackle sheds" upon the
property which is rented by him on
Halght street in preference to sleeping
elsewhere that he says is their business
not his.
As regards tbe food furnished to his men
he says it is good and wholesome, and in
this he is fully supported by tue written
statement of sixteen of his employes as
sent to The Call for publication, in which
they say they are well trea ted by their
employer.
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
Applause Liberally followed
Telling and Effective
Scenes.
And Well-Known Melodies Called Out
the Approbation of the Lov
ers of Song.
Henry Arthur Jones' play, "The Mas
queraders," was produced at the Baldwin
last evening; by the Frohman Company,
and as this was the first representation in
thi3 City it was an event of considerable
dramatic interest. The drama has been
discussed with some vigor in the Eastern
papers. It is ea c y to see tow this could
occur. Abounding in cynicisms, artificial
of the artificial, tilled with utterances
of a Mephistophelean sort, inspired by a
very questionable sort of morality, its acts
flicker on to a series of climaxes and in it
has enough of the picturesque senee of
virtue and truth to fitly foil all the rest. It
has been said that the father of all sin is a
polished gentleman. Reversing this order
of thinking, it has come into the minds of
certain dramatists that sin per se is, if not
a polish, a sort of veneer, a rather attrac
tive lacquer with which to encase
more, or less obtuse people, and at
any rate that it is spicy, and the
ally if not the source of stage
vivacity. Therefore Mr. Jones has seen fit
to endow most of his characters with satire
instead of sincerity, with skill in scandal
ratber than with wholesome earnestness.
But it takes a polished company to per
form such a drama and such the'Frohman
combination is. Its bantering spirit is
well brought out. It is amusing in places,
but never provokes boisterous fun.
Through it runs the real, earnest char
acter of one woman and the equally
earnest character of one man. These
two are naturally in love. The
dramatist by introducing a gambling
scene has bestowed the woman and
her child on, the only real lover in the
play, thereby taking her away from her
husband, who parts with her on the turn
of a card. This is the real ciimax of the
play, and it is this incident which has pro
voked criticism. Not tnat there has never
been a precedent, for men have gambled
away wives, but the apparent improba
bility of such a happening in fash
ionable circles has been debated.
Tbe effect of the gambling scene
on the audience at the Baldwin
last evening seemed to be an ample justi
fication of tbe author's dramatic handi
cap inasmuch as judgment could be
reached at a first performance. The play
was capitally cast and capitally done, and
the stage settings and costumes realized
fully all that had been promised for them.
Tbe heroine was Viola Allen as Dulcie
Larande, and William Faversham was the
hero, David Remon, the astronomer lover.
Capital work was done by them, and also
by Robert Edeson as Sir Brice Skene and by
T. E. Dodson as Montagu Lushington.
The support was worthy of the manner in
which the principal roles were assumed.
Frankly speaking, the play is debatable
from various points of view, but it is inter
esting, and not dull in any place.
At the Columbia.
One of the cleverest comedies seen here for
some time is "The Great Unknown," given by
the Frawleys last night at the Columbia. The
piece is one adopted by the versatile Angustin
Daly from a German play, and lv its English
dress is charming. It has a sort of a
plot, more than some recently presented
comedies can boast; but its great feature
is the startling succession of strangely
tangled situations. all of which
right themselves eventually. In the second
act Miss Blanche Bates, as Etna, gives a won
derful exhibition of the most ardent and vigor
ous love-making. Her partner in these amor
ous gymnastics — Frank Worthing, who as
Cousin Ned made a great hit last night — is
simply nowhere compared with her in the
cyclonic love passage. He doesn't seem to ob
ject to it, however.
Alice Pixley as Mademoiselle Agathe, Mrs.
Thorndyke-Boucicault as Shirley Munkittrick
and Phbsa McAllister as Aunt Penelope are
excellent in their widely differing parts, while
Messrs. Clarke, Lackaye, Leslie and Enos are
each deserving of praise. The piece is well
staged, and goes with a dash and swing which
evince first-class methods and management.
The play will run for this week at least, and
promises to be very popular.
At the Tivoli.
Meyerbeer's tragic operatic masterpiece,
"The Huguenots," opened last night and was
cordially, though not effusively, received by
the Tivoli's large audience. Michelena seems
still to be the favorite, the sterling timber of
his magnificent voice setting thejtnost exacting
critics wild with admiration. He uses none of
the transparent artifices employed by even
famous sineers to miuimize the difficulties of
certain intricate and "scary" passages, tut at
tacks them in all confidence and sings them
like an angel.
Mme. Natali's Valentine was charming.
There is that about her voice which never
tires, always pleases, and now and then makes
one wish to cheer its sweet-faced owner. De
Vries as the Comte de Nevers renders the ex
acting score as only a true artist can, and his
task is by no means an easy one. Among the
bassos one who deserves especial mention is
Signor Napoleoni. He Happens to be an old
time San Francisco singer, and hence has been
more or less ignored am?d the adulation which
has greeted celebrities from "beyond sea,"
but his work last hight in Maurevert showed
the power and cultivation of his rich, reso
nant voice to perfection.
The other parts were well snstained, the
men. as a rule, seeming to do better than the
women, though Irene Mull was exceedingly
well received. A slight jerkiness in the chorus
will probably disappear by the next presenta
tion, which will be to-morrow evening. To
night "The Bohemian Girl" will be given.
At the California.
Chauncey Oicott and his company opened
their second week in the California last even
ing, bringing; a new play, "The Irish Artist,"
to notice. This is a pleasing production which
ends up in the old-fashioned orthodox way,
with three couples to be married, with the old
time invitation to "come out and dance upon
the green where the fiddlers are ready,"
and with a story of much loving and a
wrong and reparation. The company which
so well supported Mr. Oicott last week was in
the cast last evening. Mr. Oicott was natur
ally the leading attraction, with his Irish
songs, in which the brogue is soft ana pleas
ing, and the melodies are sentimentally anJ
effectively rendered by him. The plot of the
play has already been published. The an
nouncement that it is "an Irish idyl" very
well describes it. In such a production Mr.
Oicott is well fitted by nature to move. There
is some pretty little byplay with children, as
there was in "Mavourneer."
Mr. Oicott presents the dramatic type of man
who takes life humorously if earnestly. In
the audience were observed many who were
in the house last Monday evening to see and
hear "Mavourneen," which is a pleasing com
ment upon the popularity which Mr. Oicott
has already gained here. "The Irish Artist"
will run all the week.
At the Orphenm,
At half-past 8 o'clock last evening there was
still a string of a hundred people waiting for
an opportunity to secure tickets for admission
Into the Orpheum Music Hall. HerrTechow
and his performing cats scored another suc
cess. Biondi appeared in another one-man
Italian opera, but in this he did not have the
same opportunities tbat he had in the oue
given the previous week.
Black Patti was encored again and again,
and the Vaidis twin sisters were the perfec
tion of grace in their act on the trapeze and
the electric revolving wheel. The event of
the evening was, perhaps, the appearance of
T. A. Kennedy, ihe hypnotist and laugh
maker. With twenty people around him on the
stage he put a number under his influence
and caused them to perform all sorts o£ ridicu
lous things and obey his will as it they were
automata. Whatever the secret of his per
formance may be— hypnotism, mesmerism or
a deception with confederates— it is an ex
ceedingly clever performance, one that keeps
the audience in a constant roar of laughter
for fifty minutes. People go to this place to
laugh and Kennedy succeeds in giving them
what they want.
The Grand Opera-Houae.
"The Two Orphans" was revived at the
MEW TO-DAY.
ANOTHER CUT
IN
SCHOOL-BOOKS
Partial List:
Revised First Reader 15c
Kfjgleston's Primary History.... 55c
Smith's Primer of Physiology 25c
Vertical Copy Books ;;...>. 7c
Ward's Business Forms, Nos. 1 and 2 So
Ward's Business Forms, Nos. 3 and 4 13c
Bookkeeping Books— l set 82 00
Borer's Klementary Biology 70c
Gayley's Classic Myths $1 35
Genung's Outline 8het0ric..........: 00c
Packard's Com. Arithmetic $1 10
Kichardson's Chemistry $1 00
Smith Htrlngham's Kle. Algebra..... ....$1 OJ
Syles 1 Milton to Tennyson 90c
Tilden's Com. Geography $1 10
6x9 Bound Slates 5c
100 Pointed Slate Pencils .100
Van Ness Bazaar
,?!, O BIG STORES
. : *-* AND FACTORY,
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
, NEAR BUSH.
622 KEARNY,
•■--.. COR. COMMERCIAL
DOCTOR SWEftNY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women. All diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head, Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles, Rupture, Catarrh, Pile 3, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing sue-,
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-aged or
old . men positively" restored. Weakening
drains which sap the -vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and pre-
mature death quickly and permanently
stopped. . Private diseases of every name
ana nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thorouehly . and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART, BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy, and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. Yon
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWE ANY.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office; on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
Vl/.fc-t.1T23
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German,
French, Italian, Swedish,* Norwegian and
Danish.
Correspondence strictly : confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. • Address
08. F; L CUfPAMV 737 Market St.
• I. L. OtlLHlll, San Francisco, CaL
E, , S PATENTS! J
L:'-^S^2O MARKET ST.S.F^^^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLES >■ H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBXEY-AT-
V law and Notary Public, 633 Market at* oppo-
; wte Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Uetldaoo* Id*! 5 ;
« ell K. Telephone ".Tina" is Mi. [
Grand Opera-house, with a stage setting tQRt
has perhaps never been excelled in this
City. The second act, representing the gar
dens of Belair, occupies the entire depth and
width of the stage, the first time this has
been done in ten years. The scene and the
music were often and loudly applauded. In
the character of Chevalier de Vtiudrey James
M. Brophy gave some good bits ol acting, but
in some of the business he was very much at
fault
Kate Dalgleish represented Henriette, the
abducted orphan, with a good deal of force,
and Anita Fallon was well cast for the part of
the countess. Julia Blanc was excellent aa
Mother Frochard. The other characters were
with a few exceptions well sustained. The re
ception the piece received last night warrants
the assertion that it will prove a drawing
card.
New Corporations.
The Spalding-Robtoins Disk Plow Company
has been incorporated by T. C. Shankland, C.
J. Armburster, F. C. Hart, E. F. Murdock and
Maurice Deane. The capital stock is $50,000,
of which $250 has been subscribed.
Henry A. Root, J. W. Hussey, T. C. Gorris,
W. E. Waters, J. K. Eveleth and V. H. M. Mac-
Lymont have incorporated the Somers Gold
Mining Company, with a capital stock of
$1,000,000, of which $600 has been sub
scribed.
The Berry Creek Gold Mininsr Company was
incorporated by H. H. Lee, W. B. l.cc. J. D.
Drake, F. C. Gehricke and J. C. Diamond. Tha
capital stock is $1,000,000, all of which is sub
scribed.
The children of W. W. Stow have incorpor
ated the gold mine left to them by the will of
their father. The cnpital stock, $1,000,000,
all of which is subscribed, is held by Sherman
P., Vanderlynn, William \V. Jr., Nellie and
Harry P. Stow. The new corporation is known
as the Goid Bank Mining Company.
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY. AUGUST 18. 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Golden Gate Park Property.
E. line (Nos. 616 and 616a> of Lott st., 100 feet
B. 01 Fulton; Improvements consist of two French
flats (bay-windowed) of 6 and 6 rooms and bath'
full rents $ 46; cable and electric roads: two blocks
to Golden Gate Park: lot 25x106:3 feet: also ad-
joining lot on Lott St., 25x106:3 feet.
Business Location.
NW. line of Brannan st.. 122 feet SW.of Second-
Improvements consist or house of 10 rooms and
bath: this location is wanted for Industrial ana
mechanical purposes, and must enhance In value
rapidly within a year or two: street in basalt rock-
sidewalk cement stone: 52:6x107:6 and 80 feet.
Pacific Heights Residence tot.
8. line of Green st., 83:6 feet E. of Scott: this ele-
gant residence lot is worthy the attention of any
gentleman desiring to build a home for his family.
The surroundings are exceedingly pleasant: beau-
tiful architectural residences abound in this loca-
tion; grand marine view; cable and electric roads-
examine this; must be sold; lot 27x127:6 to
passage-way.
Tenement Building, Fifteenth Street,
near Noe.
N. line (No. 2176) of 15th St.. 105 feet E. of Noe-
a two-story bay-windowed building of '2 tenements;
6 rooms and laundry downstairs, 6 rooms and bath
upstairs; Castro, Hal«ht and I'illmorelst. cars;
only a half block from Maricet st. : street and side-
walk in bituminous rock; lot 25x114.
Mission— Large Corner Lot.
. SE. corner of Church and 21st sts. (N. 8587);
cottage of 5 rooms; streets in good condition: ex-
amine this: must be sold; good car accommoda-
tion; large, elegant lot, 52x125.
Castro Heights Residence Lota.
N. side of Elizabeth st.. 105 feet E. of Castro; 3
handsome residence lot*; command a fine view;
good location; street macadamized and sewered;
Castro-st, cable and 24th-st. electric; lots 26x114.
Tenement Property.
NE. line (Nos. 357 and 359) of Dorp St., 315 feet
SE. of Bryant (bet. Pth and 10th): 3-story build-
ins: containing 6 tenements; central location al-
ways rented; street in tine condition; electric-cars
on Bryant st. ; lot 25x85.
Outside Land Block 1093. '
S. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R st., 30th
and 31st a yes., comprising 42 city lots.
Castro Height* Residence Corner.
NW. cor. of Ocean road and Silver alley, run-
ning through to Falcon road: is on the extension
of 23d st. and but 2 blocks W. of Doug-
lass and 24th-st electric road; large corner lot;
i 50x111.
Alabama and Twentieth Streets Lots.
W. line of Alabama st., 182:1 S. of 20th; also
lot 208:1 8. of 20th; 2 large building lots: street
sewered and macadamized; electric roads: lots
25:11x100.
Park-Lane Tract, Slap No. 5.
4 building lots on lower terrace; these lots are a
short distance N. of 17th st. and a short distance
W. of Castro and 17th sts.; cable and electric
roads; lots 25x124 and 25x74.
EASTON, KLDKIDGK & CO.,
638 Market St., Auctioneers.
"bazaar*
A TIMELY
TIP!
See that the hat you
wear has a
STAUNTONTIP.
We are the Manu-
facturers' Agents for
STAUNTON HATS.
95c to $2,50.
THE NAME GUARANTEES '
THE QUALITY --
PUT YOUR
HEAD IN
One of them, and see how com-
fortable it feels, how dressed you
look. And still you have
Money to burn
FOR
GLOVES, SHIRTS,
SUSPENDERS, SOX,
COLLARS, CUFFS
and other necessities, which
you can find in our
FURNISHING GOODS
DEPARTMENT.
910
MURDERED AT A
WAYSIDE INN
August Florentine Is Shot
Down Behind His
Own Bar.
WHISKY WAS THE CAUSE
Fell Dead Before the Eyes of
His Wife— Slain by Arthur
A. Jackson.
HIS FLEA IS SELF-DEFENSE.
Jackson Surrenders—The Parties' Bad
Records— The Notorious Four-
Mile House.
At about half-past 12 o'clock yesterday
noon August Florentine, the proprietor of
the Four-mile House, at the corner of Rail
road and Twenty-fourta avenues, was shot
in the left breast just over the heart by
Arthur A. Jackson and instantly killed.
If the story told by the widow of the
landlord be true it was a cold-blooded
crime, with no other apparent cause than
a dispute over liquor. Jackson, though,
surrendered himself into custody later in
the afternoon at the City Prison and ad
mitted that he had killed Florentine, but
claims that he dia so in self-defense. Fol
lowing are the circumstances of the trag
edy as nearly as they could be learned:
A little before noon Billy Troy, a well
known character, was in the saloon some
what drunk, when Jactson, in company
with Charles Laydon and Cornelius Hur
ley, two young companions of his, came
in, and, stepping up to the bar, ordered
drinks. Concerning what happened after
that there is a conflict of* testimony. At
the moment of the shooting Florentine
was behind the bar, and Jackson, Laydon,
Hurley and Troy were standing around
outside. There were not any other wit
nesses in the saloon, but Mrs. Florentine
was in an adjoining room a short distance
from the bar.
When she heard the report of the re
rolver she immediately opened the con
necting door, saw Jackson with the smok
ing weapon in his hand, and her husband,
with his hands uplifted and the blood
gushing from his breast, stagger from be
hind the bar.
With an agonizing cry she rushed for
ward to his support, but before she could
aid him he fell heavily to the floor. Jack
son, Laydon, Hurley and Troy went hur
riedly away. George Croskey and Charles
Schwally, an employe, were quickly in
the room. The head of Florentine was
raised and water brought and poured over
it, but it was too late. He was stone dead
and never spoke a word after he was shot.
Mrs. Florentine says that when Jackson
and his friends came in the door of the
adjoining room, where she was sitting,
was partly open, and that in consequence
of some vulgar language used by them
she pushed it to, but could still overhear
more or less of the conversation between
the young men and her husband. They
had some drinks, she says, and then Jack
son wished for credit for another round,
bu,t was refused by Florentine, who ex
plained that as he was a poor man with a
large family to support he could not con
sistently give credit. As a sort of balm
for this refusal he then invited all hands
to take a drink with him. The invitation
was accepted and a moment later the
shooting occurred.
The widow denies that there was any
preliminary quarrel or any provocation
except the refusing of credit for the shoot
ing. Jackson, she declares, is a danger
ous young man, who had frequently vis
ited the house before, and whenever he
was around she was always fearful of
trouble. Her husband, she lays, well
knew his dangerous character and was ac
cordingly careful not to give him any
cause for offense. This statement is cor
roborated in the main by Croskey,
Schwally and Eugene, the murdered
man's son. They also speak in disparag
ing terms of Jackson's companions.
'•The Florentine" or "Four-mile House"
bean an unenviable reputation. It is a
small wayside house, looking compara
tively well from the exterior, but within,
especially in the barroom where the kill
ing occurred, it is gloomy, squalid and
poorly furnished. There is a sign posted
outsida warning hoodlums that tneir
company is not desired, and yet, if the re
ports be true, the house depended for its
patronage principally upon a disreputable
and dangerous class.
On the afternoon of Sunday, January
20, 1884, a drunken row was under way in
the bar of the "Bay View Honse." This
house, which was located a short distance
Irom the scene of yesterday's tragedy, and
was subsequently burned down, was run
by Florentine. Louis Wepper and a man
named Hutchings went outside to settle
their dispute. In the fight which ensued,
Hutchings was kicked and beaten to death,
Wepper being aided in the job by Floren
tine, who kicked Hutchings in the head.
Florentine, with Wepper, was tried for
murder in Judge Murphy's xourt, but was
finally acquitted upon the ground of self
defense.
Jackson is apparently some 21 years of
age and belongs to a respectable family.
His home is at 2119b Howard street. His
father and sisters were greatly shocked
and grieved when they heard what he had
done. He is said to have kept bad com
pany and has something of a police
record. At the South San Francisco po
lice station he has been several times ar
rested for drunkenness, petty larceny, etc.
Sometimes he would give his occupation
as that of a fireman and again as that of a
tanner. In February last he assaulted
Frank Kesling and George Wood, two
street-railroad men, on First avenue with
a butcher's steel and cut them severely
about their heads. A month ago he got
into a fight with Hutch Gorman on
Fifteenth avenue and was cut with a knife.
Florentine is an Alsatian 53 years of age.
Mrs. Wagner, one of hisdaughters, resides
on Seventh avenue. The remainder of the
family, comprising the widow, one boy
and four girls, live at the "Four-mile
House," which has been kept by Floren
tine for the last two or three years.
Pasted upon the wall back of the bar,
where Florentine was standing when
shot, is the following inscription, the
enforcement of which may have cost him
his life: "My will is good, my price is just;
I'il use you well, but cannot trust."
When the police arrived at the house
from the South San Francisco station
Jackson and his companions had disap
peared, but men were promptly detailed
to find them. Immediately after word
was received at police headquarters of the
Interior of the Lonely Wayside Inn, the "Four-Mile House," Railroad and Twenty-Fourth Avenues,
Where August Florentine, the Proprietor, Was Yesterday Fatally Shot by Arthur A.
Jackson. The Latter Surrendered Himself to the Police and Pleaded Self-Defense.
murder Captain Lees detailed Detectives
Cody and Gibson on the case and they
started off on a hunt for the murderer.
Shortly before 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon a youne man called at the City
Prison and told Doorkeeper Parrott that
he had shot Florentine, He said his name
was Arthur A. Jackson, and he thought
it better to surrender himself. Parrott
opened the door of the prison and took
Jackson to Captain Robinson, who in turn
escorted him to Captain Lees. The cap
tain, after hearing his story, ordered Cap
tain Robinson to lock him up.
"f am 19 years of age," said Jackson,
"and a marine fireman by occupation. I
was born in South San Francisco, and
everybody knows me there.
'•This forenoon I met two friends — Cor
nelius Hurley and Charles Laydon — and
we went into Florentine's saloon to have a
drink. There were three or four men at
the bar at the time, among them William
Troy.
"We had our drink, and Florentine got
angry at a remark made by some one. He
pulled a revolver out from under the bar
and began flashing it around. He thought
I made the remark and began to abuse
me. I told him to put down his gun and
he lowered his hand. I said to him:
'Now, don't you lift that gun again, as
there is no use in having trouble here.'
In a flash he lifted the gun and presented
it at my head. As he tried to pull the
trigger I whipped out my revolver and
fired at him. I don't know where the shot
struck him, but I think near the heart.
"Florentine bore a bad reputation, as he
was once arrested for killing a man, and I
did not want to take any chances. I sbot
him in self-defense, and that is why I
have surrendered myself. My two friends
and the other men at the bar will bear out
what I say."
Detectives Cody and Gibson last night ar
rested Cornelius Hurley and Charles Lay
don, the two young men who entered the
saloon with Jackson. They were placed
in the "tanks" till Captain Lees gets a
chance to hear what toey have to say to
day.
SMITH INTENDS TO FLY,
A Local Physician Preparing to
Launch a Line of Aerial
Ships.
The Inventor Says in Three Months
He Will Carry Passengers to
New York.
The Atlantic and Pacific Aerial Naviga
tion Company is preparing to enter into
ruinous competition with the transconti
nental railway companies and incidentally
have constantly on hand vehicles for use
in time of war whereby dynamite and
other uncomfortable commodities may be
dropped into the camp of unsuspecting
enemies. The organization of this com
pany is due to the inventive genius of Dr.
C. A. Smith, a physician, residing at the
corner of Polk street and Ivy avenue.
For three years Dr. Smith has been
laboring on the conundrum that puzzled
the renowned Darius Green, "The bird 3
ken fly, an' why can't I?"
At last the doctor believes he has solved
the problem. He has applied for a patent,
which telegraphic advices inform him will
be issued to-morrow. Saturday articles of
incorporation were filed, the purposes of
the company being declared to be to con
struct, equip and navigate airships, to
purchase and sell letters patent, to carry
dispatches, mails and other valuable mat
ter, to elevate lookouts over battle-fields
and to carry dynamite and other explo
sives over cities, forts and vessels in time
of war. The company also proposes to
sell machines to the United Slates and
other countries.
There were five directors named in the
articles: C. A. Smith, R. C. Smith J J
Truman, George T. Gaden and M. A
Terry. C. A. Smith and M. A. Terry are
the only ones materially interested in the
scheme. Edward Fasler, a mining man,
is said to be backing the enterprise, and
Dr. Smith declares he will have his first
air ship ready to start for New York in
three months. He intends to start to
work on its construction immediately.
The vessel is to consist of a huge cigar
shnped cylinder of aluminum, the greater
portion of which will be filled with some
light gas. It will be provided with canvas
wings, operated by a gasoline engine made
of aluminum. The apartments for pas
sengers and operatives will be underneath.
The inventor gays be will make the trip to
New York in forty hours.
Borrow on sealikins, silks and jewels at Cade
Harris', 16 Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CAL"L, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
ITS WATER FRONT
IN THE BALANCE,
The Fate of Oakland's Shore
Line Soon to Be
Settled.
ARGUED ON APPEAL.
The Cases Submitted to the De
cision of the Supreme Court
in Bank.
POINTS MADE BT LAWYERS,
Ex -Judge Garber, Attorney E. J.
Pringle and Other Legal Lights
Address the Bench.
The Oakland water-front cases occupied
the attention of the entire Supreme bench
yesterday, the seven Justices sitting in
bank during the whole day's session. The
arguments enued about 5 o'clock and the
cases were then submitted. In the case
of the People against the Oakland Water
Front Company, on the application of the
respondent, a space of fifteen days was
allowed for the filing of a brief in reply.
Ex-Judge Garber argued for the respond
ent in the case of the City of Oakland
against the Water Front Company, and in
the action of tne Oakland Water Front
Company against Dameron and others
Attorney H. S. Brown opened the argu
ment for the appellant, being followed by
Ben Morgan, Michael Mullaney and E. J.
Pringle for the respondents, ex-Judge
Garber speaking in reply.
Mr. Pringle contended that the grant of
the Oakland water front to Horace W.
Carpentier in 1852, from which all the
cases take their origin, did not convey to
Carpentier a title to the property in fee
simple. Carpentier was to hold the land
in trust for the purpose of improving it
and constructing wharves upon it. The
grant, he said, was made for the purpose
of facilitating the improvements contem
plated and not in order to enrich Carpen
tier by conveying to him a valuable prop
erty. At most, a life estate was conveyed
by the terms of the grant, the omission
of the word "heirs," for which the words
"assigns and legal representatives" were
substituted, being fatal to any claim of
title in fee simple.
"As to the contention of the learned
counsel on the other side, to the effect that
any irregularity in the first grant was
remedied,by the confirmatory grant of the
year following," continued Mr. Pringle,
"the answer is simple. The grant ol 1852
was plainly insufficient to establish an ab
solute title, and the confirmatory one of
August 27, 1853, merely ratified it and con
firmed it. It is a well-known maxim of
common law that 'gui confirmat nihil
dat,' in other words, that nothing is given
by merely confirming and ratifying a gift
already made."
"Do you mean to say," interposed Jus
tice McFarland, "that if you make a con
veyance to me and after a year or so we
come to the conclusion that that convey
ance is insufficient, we cannot make
another?"
"Certainly not," was Mr. Pringle's re
sponse; "but if the second conveyance
were merely a confirmation of the first, it
could convey no more than the first pur
ported to convey. Anyhow this confirma
tory grant cannot mend matters. To be
sure, after repeating the words of the
original grant it goes on to say that the
Oakland water front is conveyed to Car
pentier 'in fee simple, forever,' but even
in that additional clause no mention is
made of 'heirs.' I know there is one case
from the New Hampshire Reports cited
in support of the contrary view; but it is
in opposition to all other decisions in this
country and in England. I contend that
neither by the original grant nor by the
confirmatory conveyance did Carpentier
acquire a title in fee simple to the Oakland
water front."
Ex-Judge Garber took the opposite view,
contending that the conveyance and the
confirmatory grant of tne following year
were sufficient to pass the title in fee sim
ple to Carpentier.
"And what is more," he went on, "this
conveyance was not a grant by the city of
Oaklandfmerely, but a State grant."
"How was that?" inquired one of the
attorneys on the other side.
--"In 1861," answered Mr. Garber, ''the
State Legislature confirmed all the ordin
ances of the city of Oakland."
"All the ordinances?" queried the form
er speaker.
"The ordinances then," rejoined Mr.
Garber rather testily; "xt amounts to the
same thing."
"No one contends that by granting
certain lands to Carpentier tne city re
nounced its right to a water front. It
could go beyond the limits assigned to
Carpentier and build another water front
of its own, but as to the conveyance of the
land in question I hold its absolute title
passed to Carpentier by the two convey
ances from the city of Oakland by special
ordinances ana by the subsequent con
firmation of those ordinances by the
State."
The decision of the Supreme Court is
looked for with much interest. It will
probably be some time coming, ai the
reply briefs 5n the case of the people
against the Oakland Water Front Com
pany have yet to be filed.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY
IV. J. Gaunett Haa Several Bibs Frac
tured and Mary Wentworth Is
Slightly Injured.
William J. Gannett, a carpenter living
at Twenty-fourth and Rhode Island
streets, and Miss Mary Wentworth, 2208
Twenty-fourth street, were driving along
Douglass street in a buggy yesterday morn
ing. Between Twenty-second and Twenty
third streets the horse shied at some ob
ject and both occupants were thrown out.
Some one who witnessed the accident
ran to the nearest telephone and sum
moned the ambulance. Gannett and Miss
Wentworth were taken to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. Dudley at
tended to them. Gannett had several ribs
fractured, aiyi as he is 70 years of age the
shock to his system may prove serious.
Miss Wentwoith escaped with a sprained
wrist and a few bruises. Both were sent
to their homes yesterday afternoon.
SUFFRAGE IN SAN MATEO,
The County Is Now Fully Organ
ized for the Ensuing
Campaign.
Rapid and Efficient Work of Mrs.
Laura R dd.-ll to Be Continued
in the South.
San Mateo County is now literally dotted
over with woman suffrage clubs, each vot
ing precinct having one. Most of the or
ganizations have prominent society ladies
as presidents, but in one or two instances
gentlemen of equal social standing have
accepted the honor. Mra. Laura Riddell,
to whom the work of organizing the
county was confided, has performed her
task quickly and well. Much going about
from place to place, much speaking in
public and in private, and a deal of labor
and physical discomfort were necessary
concomitants of the work, but Mrs. Rid
dell says she had time only to notice and
appreciate the exceeding warmth of the
welcome which greeted her wherever she
went. Following is a list of the clubs with
their presidents:
Redwood City, three clubs, presidents
Me^dames E. R. Loveland, G. Rice and
Alice Mansfield ; San Mateo, two clubs,
presidents Mesdames D. L. Walker and
E. Dakin; South fean Francisco, Mrs Ella
Miner; San Carlos, Mrs. V. Lord; Wood
side, Mrs. Kate Spedding ; Searsville, Mrs.
Kateßix; La Honda, Mrs. Ida J. Sears;
Pescadero, B. F. Wilson; San Gregorio,
Dr. Mark Emerson; Purisima, N. H. Mar
tin; Spanishtown, Miss C. M. Fraser.
Yesterday Mrs. Riddell started for Los
Angeles to undertake the more laborious
work of organizing that populous and im
portant section. Her instantaneous success
wherever she has thus far gone has given
the woman suffrage powers every reason
to anticipate that "her work in the south
may prove as efficient as in this portion of
the State.
CORNWALL READY
TO BE CALLED,
May Testify at the Next
Session of the Grand
Jury.
SIGNIFICANT CONTRACT.
To Illuminate the Streets for a
Period of Two
Years.
SUPERVISORS OUT OF TOWN.
The Accused Seven Should Be Ar
raigned Before Judge Slack
To-Day.
Up to 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon P.
B. Cornwall, president of the Mutual
Electric Light Company, had not been
served with a subpena to appear before
the Grand Jury. He ascertained from the
newspapers, while he was looking after his
coal interests in the Puget Sound country,
that the Grand Jury was looking after
him.
He expects to attend the session of the
jury next Friday as a witness. He is not
definitely informed as to what the Grand
Jury desires to know, but if the informa
tion desired is in his possession he will
impart it.
Mr. Cornwall was asked If he had any
conversation recently with Colonel Taylor,
the Supervisor from the Eighth Ward.
"Oh, yes," replied Mr. Cornwall. "I
have had many talks with Supervisor Tay
lor. We are old friends and talk together
every time we meet. "
Mr. Cornwall was asked if he haa any
knowledge of the person who was agent or
broker of the Supervisors, and in response
remarked: "I do not believe that they
have any agent or broker."
Mr. Cornwall was asked if the Super
visors had not made a bad bargain for the
City in contracting with the Consolidated
Edison Light and San Francisco Gas Com
pany for lighting streets and public build
ings for a period of two years.
Replying to the question he said: "As I
am in the electric light business myself
the question should be asked of some dis
interested party."
"Did your company compete for the
contract?"
"No; we were not in condition to supply
light."
"Will your company inside of a year be
able to offer competition for lighting
public streets?"
"Yes, within a year, I believe ; but we
get no satisfaction from this Board of Su
pervisors. It has been the common saying
for years, you know, 'that the last Board
of Supervisors was the worst the City ever
had.' This one is surely as bad as any we
ever had. The Grand Jury, by probine
deep, may get some important facts. Since
I returned from the north I have been
very busy, and have not had time to clear
up my desk. During my absence from
the City I learned tnrough the newspapers
that the Grand Jury wanted me as a wit
ness, and, of course, I will obey the sum
mons. So far I have not been subpenaed.
I am glad that The Call is sustaining the
Grand Jury in tne investigation. It is in
the interest of the public that the facts
should be brought to light."
It now seems to be pretty well settled
that Supervisor Taylor had Mr. Cornwall
in mind when he said that one citizen of
San Francisco could tell something of the
rascality of the Solid Seven. Supervisor
Taylor is probably the man who gave to
the Grand Jury the tip that caused Mr.
Cornwall to be subpenaed.
To a certainty it cannot be ascertained
what line of inquiry will be pursued at
the next session of the jury. The sus
picion is growing that the Solid Seven re
ceived mo^e than tne thanks of the Edison
Light Corporation and the San Francisco
Gas Light Company for the privilege, of
lighting the City for two years to come at
a rate highly remunerative to the consoli
dated corporations.
When the two companies, several
months ago, were merged into one some
of the stockholders of the gas company
were inclined to kick vigorously when it
was proposed to offer the Edison Company
an interest in the consolidated company,
worth a great deal more in cash than it
would cost to duplicate the Edison plant.
It wai then explained that the gas com
pany could duplicate the Edison outfit,
but the duplicate would not remove the
com petition.
In the light of what has since transpired
its seems reasonable that the main pur
pose of the consolidation was to remove
all competition in bidding to light the
streets and public buildings of the City.
The Grand Jury may feel inclined to delve
'into the hidden details of the combina
tion and ascertain if a job affecting indi
vidual consumers as well as the City was
not put up.
There will be other witnesses than Mr.
Cornwall at the next session of the Grand
Jury. Neither Mr. Maskey, the foreman,
nor Mr. Payne will say how many there
will be.
To-day is the time fixed for the accused
seven Supervisors to appear in court and
answer the accusation against them which
the Grand Jury presented to the District
Attorney. The Beven will perhaps be
represented by an attorney. Four of the
accused were out of town at last accounts.
Benjamin has gone to Catalina Island,
Wagner to Milwaukee and Hughes and
Morgenstern to the mountains of Butte
County. _^___^_^^_
BREAKING BLUEROCKS.
The Olympic and Empire Gun Clubs'
Regular Weekly Matches.
The Olympic Gun Club held its regular
25-bird club shoot on the Lincoln Club
grounds at Alameda , Point Sunday.
Keen interest was manifested as to who
would be the champion. Nauman
ichieved the proud position, P. B. Be&eart
winning the first class medal and H. Ver
non the second class.
The following scores were made:
O. Feudner 20, A. J. Webb 21. C. Nauman 23,
P. B. Bekeart 19. C. Haii?ht 23, W. J. Golcber
19, G. H. T. Jackson 19. F. Vernon 20, M. C.
Allen 19. H. Gocher 16, F. Feudner 20, A. H.
Whitney 15, H. Justin 17, H. Vernou 21, L. C.
Owens 19, Grant 11.
The following back scores were made:
O. Feudner 23, C. Nauman 20, H. Golcher
16, M. C. Allen 16, H. Vernon 21, G. H. Jack
son 23.
The Empire Club held its regular semi
monthly 25- bird match at its grounds yea
day, when the subjoined scores were
made:
Williams 3. 0. Fisher 17, Vandall 15, Men
denhail 20, Eisfeldt 11, Judd 18, F. Williams
5, Levin 9, Mike 16, C. Fischer 20, King 19,
Young 14, Vandall 14, Mendenhnll 20,
Eisfeldt 12, Judd 19, C. Fischer 18,
Young 18, Paul 11, Eisfeldt 14, T.
Lewis 10, Kerrison 20, Stowart 20. Newton
14, Keating 16, O. Fisher 22, Lewis 12, Grubb
19, Goodin 14, Lewis <5, Anderson 16, Kerrison
16, Javete 18, 'Warner 13, Gruhb 11, Lewis 5,
Stewart 20, Killington 23, Andrus 15, Newton
17, W. Gross 13, Lewis 10, Grubb 8, Billington
22. Andrus 18. J. Webb 11, Newton 20, Murray
2, Grubb 11, Newton 22, Lehrke 19, Robertson
20, Sears 22, Walton 11.
A needle machine turns out 1,500,000
needles a week.
new.to.dat:
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St. I
ll. ■■Mil I. ||. |
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
BARGAIN SEEKERS
Are always pleased with our shoes and prices. We
have to sell cheap on account of that HIGH
FEN CX, and our customers are willing to walk
around it so as to take advantage of our cheap
prices. This week the greatest bargain ever of-
fered in the United States That's a big assertion,
but we can back It up. Ladies' extra quality Vici
Kid Lace Shoes, with the very best black cloth
tops, latest style razor toes and patent leather
tips, flexible soles, reduced for this week to S3,
never sold before for less than ? 3; all sizes and
widths.
This week money In your pocket. Special Sale
of Ladies' Extra Fine French Vicl Kid Button
Shoes, with either cloth or kid tops, latest style
razor toes, .half. Tokio last, flexible soles and
patent-leather tips. Special price 51. 85. Nothing
like It ever offered before.' Regular price $2 60.
/ '•• — :'
JO" Country orders solicited.
&£■ Send for New illustrated Catalogue
. Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
More wear
More value N
More worth
More saving
More satisfaction
in "STANDARD" Shirts
than any others.
Made in California.
- ■ •;"■:..;,;
■'. .. • ■■■"■-
-"Ttrad&T*
N.B.
I MARK I
\^t I ■■Hill ■ '
Lcll C|"aL iSIZ." •
NEW TO-PAT. i
■_ -_ " -_-'_-^-■ l _ira_n-|_ l -^i-i-»-i-i i- ~'it- - " ---——. ir"T
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
PROFIT AND COST
LOST SIGHT OF
IN OUR
GREAT SALE OF
RIBBONS
AND
SKIRTS
THIS WEEK I
We have placed on sale 5000 yards
All-Silk Dresden and Plaid Ribbons,
5 Inches wide, In latest patterns,
formerly $1, 85c, 75c and 65c yard,
NOW 1C CENTS
O\J A YARD.
IN OUR
SKIRT DEPARTMENT.
LADIES'
AZURE SILK
SKIRTS,
With double flounce, made very
wide, In all new shades, at the ridic-
ulously low price of
7C CENTS
J\J EACH.
See display of above GREAT BAR-
CAINS In our Show Window.
OTAn At our'Hoslery Coun-
ts 111 w~ ter and see the Spe-
V; * ■■>%■:- V, cial Values In Laaies',
Gents' and Children's Hosiery we
are offering this week.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
nmanlleison,
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
Street.
W i-i jl Vnil " >uro Tnroat, Pimples, Copper- !1
■Bin A 7 i, IUU colored Bpotg, Aches. Old Sores,
(OU leers in Month, Hair-Falling! Write COOK
JMBEMEDY CO., 307 Masonic Temple,
H|Chlca«o, 111., for proofs of cures. CupHß
Hjtnl, $500,000. Worst cases enred In ICH
jgjto 35 days. 100-page book free. >3
— —^—^— — — — — — —^— — — — —
(Rn«DR. HALL'S REJiWIGORATOR
fstjfiigW THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
im Bm all losses in 24 hours. Restores
■ Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
W*mM Bag cures Emissions, Impotency, Varlco-
yP- ffffl cele, Cionorrhcpa, Gleet, Fits, Stric-
UiLi iLy turps, Blood Disease and all wasting
5i H effects or Abuse or Excesses,
■BneSH Sent sealed, $2 per bottle, TIIREK
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to euro any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. Send for
free book.HUNG HIMSELF BY
A SULKEN CORD,
A Chinese Merchant With
Many Aliases Takes
His Own Life.
WILL BE INVESTIGATED.
Collector Wise Will Inquire Into
the Cause Which Prompted
the Deed.
CARELESSNESS IS ALLEGED.
The Chinese Bureau Is Said to Be
Slow in Performing Certain
Regular Duties.
Collector Wise determined yesterday to
institute, a searching inquiry into the
causes which impelled Ong Sing alias Ah
Ong Sing, alias Ah Sim, alias Ong Shorn, Who Committed Suicide Sunday by Hanging Himself With
a Silk Sash.
Sim to commit suicide. The Chinese end- |
ed his life Sunday afternoon on the steamer j
Tmatilla by tying a silk sash about his
neck, fastening tbe other end to abeam
and then jumping off into space.
From the best evidence at present ob
tainable it seems that the Chinese was
illegally detained on board the vessel,
though there seems to be no reason to
question the fact that the fellow was a
party to unlawful practices. When
searched at the Morgue there were
found on his person two certificates —
one bearing the name of Ah Sin and a sec
ond that of Ong Sing. The documents
bear the dAes of 1893 and 1894 respectively
and appe«- to be genuine.
The anxiety of the Collector to investi
gate, however, does not arise from this
overplus of certificates. It is due to a dis
tinct cnarge made by Wiliiam N.Thornley,
a customs broker, to the effect that if the
inspectors attached to the Chinese Bureau
had attended strictly to duty the suicide
would not have occurred. Mr. Thornley
even goes farther than this. He cays the
inspectors do everything in their power
to delay the landing of Chinese who come
by steamer while those who travel by rail
are left unmolested.
When the Umatilla reached this port,
on Saturday last, there were three "Chi
nese on board. The master of tbe vessel
rpported this fact, saying further that the
Celestials had come aboard at Port Town
send, and that their certificates were in
proper form. Collector Wise, \hrough the
Deputy Collector of Customs, ordered the
Chinese landed, the matter oeing placed
directly in the bands of Inspector Lyncn.
The latter visited the vessel, with the re
sult that two Chinese having laborers'
certificates were allowed to lose them
selves in Chinatown. The third man. he
who committed suicide, was possessed of
a merchant's certificate, but he was not
allowed to land. The master of the Uma
tilla was instructed to keep him, at the
company's expense, until Monday, when
the case would be further investigated.
Of coarse it is problematical as to what
caused the Chinese to commit suicide. It
may be that he was frightened into the
act and the two certificates found on his
person would indicate some such thing.
On the other hand tne secretary of the Six
Companies yesterday identified the sui
cide as Ong Shorn of Chicago, a man
■whom he nad known for several years and
who was entitled to be in this country.
From papers found on his body it would
seem that he had at different times been a
laborer laundryman and cook, and his ad
dress was given as 317 South Clark street,
Chicago. . , .
The contention of the steamship com
pany, however, as expressed by their
egent, Mr. Thornley, is not wnether this
particular Chinese is a fraud, but rather
the dilatory tactics alleged to be followed
by the inspector in tbe cases of nearly all
Chinese coming by steamer, particularly
if the Celestials Beem possessed of any
wealth. , -j-r
--"Tbere is no reason why Chinese com
ing from a domestic port should not be
landed within an hour after reaching
here," said Mr. Thornley yesterday. <l The
great difficulty is the dilatory tactics
adopted by the Chinese bureau. This is
particularly true if a steamer happens to
reach here' on Saturday. Asa matter of
fact there is no law requiring inspecf.on
of Chinese going from a domestic to a do
mestic port. The evidence in tbis partic
ular case showed plainly that the suicide
came from Port Townsend. The master
of the vessel swore to that.
"It is quite often the case that Chinese
are kept aboard a steamer three and four
days at the expense of the steamship com
pany when they could be landed in an
hour's time. It appears to be a scheme
solely to benefit the railroad. Collector
Wise is not to be blamed in any way for
this condition of afi'airs. It is impossible
for him to superintend all these matters,
though I am sure he will give the Chinese
bureau a shaking up when he fully under
stands the situation."
The matter of the two certificates is also
puzzling the Federal authorities. Collec
tor Wise will investigate that while he is
looking into the suicide of Ah Sim, alias
Ong Sing, alias Ong Shorn, who it is gen
erally believed took his life because he
was confined aboard ship apparently with
out cause.
AN OLD CASE REVIVED.
Nettie Hainbrock, Formerly Nettie Ha-
yens, Has A. P. Kelsoe Arrested
for Embezzlement.
Mrs. Nettie Hambrock, 402 Geary street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday morning charging Arthur
P. Kelsoe, barkeeper in tne Auditorium
saloon, Powell street, with felony embez
zlement.
She said that about August 17, 1893, she
gave Kelsoe a railroad ticket for a passage
from here to New York, which cost her
$66 to sell, as she was prevented from
going on the journey and that he sold
it and retained the money.
Keisoe was arrested and immediately re
leased on $500 bonds. He said that "Mrs.
Hambrock is Nettie Havens, the nurse
who was arrested for murder in connection
with the notorious Dr. Beale. Beale es
caped by forfeiting $10,000 cash bail, but
Nettie' was tried and acquitted. When
she was arrested she was preparing to
leave for New York and bought the ticket.
She gave him the ticket to sell and he ex
pended the money buying meals and other
things for her while she was awaiting her
trial.
After her acquittal she became Mrs.
Hambrockand her husband is now serving
a sentence for forgery.
THE YOSEMITE VALLEY,
Heavy Cloudbursts Damage
Many of the Mountain
Trails.
A Stone Schoolhonse to Be Erected.
Bridges to Be. Built Across
the Big Streams.
The Yosemlte Commission met yester
day in the Mills building; present,
Messrs. O'Brien, Clinch, Ostrander and
Goldberg. The Governor is in El Dorado
County. The matter of erecting a school
house in the Yosemite Valley was brought
up. It seems that there are several fam
ilies living in the valley all of the year
who are employed in looking after the
State's property. In these families there
are a dozen or fifteen children. The
bouse now in use is not suitable for a
schoolhouse, for the roof lets in the sun
shine and the rain. In fact it is a shanty,
and the people there want a suitable
schoolhouse.
A petition will be presented to the next
Legislature for a special appropriation of
$2000 to be used in the construction of a
stone schoolhouse. It will be argued that
a school in the valley is a necessity, for the
nearest piace of this kind is over forty
miles away. Owing to the absence of
Governor Budd, the matter was laid over.
The secretary reported that the staee
office, midway between the two hotels,
has just been" completed at a cost of $125
and $500 more to the stage company. The
office used to be at the Stoneman House,
and the proprietor of the Sentinel House
complained that there was a discrimina
tion in favor of the guests of his rival.
Dr. J. T. McLean of Alameda County,
president of the Coulterville Turnpike
Company, urged the Commissioners to
proceed at once with the erection of the
bridge at Cascade Creek, which work was
determined upon at the last meeting.
The finance committee was instructed
to advertise for bids for the construction
of a bridge to cross the Merced River at
Bridal Veil Falls.
The report was made that two men,
residents of Merced County, had been
arrested for cutting large pieces of bark
from tbe forest grants at the Mariposa big
trees. They will be tried on Saturday at
Wawona. The secretary was instructed to
engage W. D. Tupper of Wawona to prose
cute the men. If the men are convicted
they may have to pay fines of $500.
It was decided to erect a flagpole in front
of the Stoneman House.
A letter was read from Galen Clark, the
guardian of the valley, which gave an ac
count of exceedingly sultry weather in
Juiy, which was accompanied by several
violent thunderstorms and cloudbursts on
the mountain tops. There were a lew
cloudbursts in tbe valley. These storms
caused a large amount of damage to the
trails, and it will take at least $200 to put
them m order again.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
THE FAIR SISTERS
ACCUSED OF FRAUD
Marc Levingston Throws
Another Bomb in the
Case.
"SHAM AND COLLUSION."
He Will Move to Strike Out
Their Petition for Probate of
the Pencil Will.
DECLARED IN BAD FAITH.
Apparent Schism Among the Mil
lionaire's Children Which May
Have Been a Scheme.
Dr. Marc Levingeton, through his attor
neys, Delmas & Shortridge, last evening
contributed an important document to
the already bulky legal literature in the
great Fair will case. It was a formal no
tice that he, Dr. Levingston, would at an
early session of the Probate Court move
to have stricken out of the record the
petition of the Fair daughters for the pro
bate of the will of September 24, known as
the "pencil will." The notice of motion
is supported by a strong affidavit.
'"Fraud and collusion" are, briefly
stated, the given grounds of tne motion.
The attitude of the Fair children toward
the "pencil will" Bad been openly com
mented upon as singular in its variety.
While first the three Fair children were
unanimous in supporting that will, after
ward Cnarles Fair withdrew his support.
Still later, after the weakening of the
trust clause in the will of September 21,
the three children were not so sure of
the desirability of the pencil will. Al
though, through their attorneys, openly
hostile to it, the two sisters remained in
the peculiar position of petitioners for its
probate. This anomalous state of things
the motion and affidavit of Dr. Levingston
apparently seek to remeay. Copies of
them have been served on the attorneys
of the parties interested. They read as
follows:
In the Superior Court of the State of Cali
fornia, in and for the City and County of Ban
Francisco.
In the matter of the estate of James G. Fair,
deceased.
In the matter of the proceedings for the pro
bate of the will of said deceased dated Septem
ber 24, 1894.
Take notice that Marc Levingston, the peti
tioner for the probate of the will of said de
ceased, which is dated September 24, 1894,
will move said court, at the courtroom thereof,
at the new City Hall, In the City and County
of San Francisco, on the 17th day of August,
1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, to strike
out the petition for the probate of said will
filed by Virginia Fair and Theresa A. Oelrichs,
on the 18th day of March, 1895, and the
answer filed by Virginia Fair and Theresa A.
Oelrichs on the sth day of August. 1896, to
the grounds of opposition to the probate of
said will, presented and filed by Charles L.
Fair, Herman Oelrichs Jr. and others.
Said motion will be made on the ground that
said petition and answer are not filed in good
faith, but are sham, fraudulent and collusive.
Said motion will be made upon the affidavit
of Marc Levingston hereto attached, and upon
oral testimony to be given upon the hearing
thereof.
To Virginia Fair, Theresa A. Oelrichs, Charles
L. Fair, Herman Oelrichs, Jr., and others, and
to tneir attorneys and counsel, Messrs. Lloyd &
Wood, Wilson & Wilson, Garber, Boalt &
Bishop, Knight & Heggerty and Van R. Pater
eon, Esq.
Delmas & Shortridgb,
Lansing Mizner,
J. D. Sullivan,
Attorneys for Marc Levingston.
TITLE OF COUET AND CAUSE.
State of California, i
City and County of Sag Francesco. J
Marc Levingston being first duly sworn de
poses and says: That he is the petitioner in
the above eu titled proceeding for the probate of
the will of said deceased James G. Fair, which is
dated the 24th day of September, 1894; that
on the 18th day of March, 1895, Virginia Fair,
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Charles L. Fair pre
sented and filed in this court a document pur
porting to be the last will and testament of
said James G. Fair, and 1 to be wholiy written,
dated and signed by his own hand, and at the
same time filed in this court a written petition
wherein they set forth that said instrument
was, in fact, the last will and testament of said
James G. Fair, and was wholly written, dated
and sijrued by his own hand, and praying that
the same mighU by this court, be admitted to
probate; th«fTney, thereafter, repeatedly and
solemnly, both in court and out, in pais, and
by the record, averred and protested that said
instrument wa3, Indeed, the last will of said
deceased.
And affiant further avers that he is in
formed and believes, and upon such informa
tion and belief states the fact to be. that at all
said times hereinabove mentioned said Vir
ginia, Theresa and Charles were most anxious
to have said will admitted to probate, but tnat
thereafter, for the purpose of avoiding certain
obligations to become Incumbent upon them
upon the probate of said will, said parties col
luded together for the purpose of securing the
probate of a prior will of said James G. Fair,
which is dated the 21st day of September,
1894, and which they well knew not to be and,
in fact, had solemnly and repeatedly averred
on the record not to be the last will of said de
ceased, and not to be a genuine instrument;
that to accomplish their said end it was agreed
that said Charles L. Fair should withdraw his
aforesaid petition for the probate of said will
of September 24, 1894, and filed written
grounds of opposition to the probate thereof,
but that said Virginia and Theresa, who are
his sisters and constitute with him the children
of said deceased, should not withdraw their
aforesaid petition for the p»bate oJ said will,
but should apt>ear in said proceeding as de
fendants to said written grounds of opposi
tion, but that, in fact, their defense to said
contest of their said brother should be such
merely in form and should be made in reality
with & view to defeating the probate of said
will; pursuant to said collusive understanding
said Virginia and Theresa on the sth day of
August, ' 1896, filed their answer to said
grounds of opposition, and to other grounds of
opposition filed by Van R. Paterson, Esq., on
behalf of certain minors; in which, said
answers they aver that they have no informa
tion or Delief upon the subject whether said
document of September 24, which affiant has
propounded as the last will of said deceased,
as hereinabove stated, was written, dated or
signed by said James G. Fair, or whether it is
in'his handwriting, or by his hand, which said
answer is in direct contradiction of the petition
still on file, signed and presented by Bald
Virginia and Theresa, wherein they affirma
tively and positively aver and represent to the
court as a fact that said document, dated Sep
tember 24, 1894, was wholly written, dated
and signed by James G. Fair, and is in his
handwriting and by hib hand; that this atti
tude of said Virginia and Theresa is intended
to defeat the petition of affiant for the probate
of said will of September 24, as aforesaid, by
making said Virginia and Theresa the osten
sible allies of affiant upon the trial of the
issues arising upon the contest oi said will,
and .enable them in reality to frustrate all
his attempts to secure said probate, by giving
the real contestants of said will, to wit: the
aforesaid children of said deceased the bene
fit of practically controlling for their own pur
poses and shaping to their own will both aides
of said contest.
And affiant further avers that justice and
good faith require that since said Virginia
and Theresa no longer desire the probate of
said will they take their stand with, the con
testants thereof and cesse to appear as peti
tioners for its probate in ostensible opposition
of said contest.
And further affiant sayeth not
Mabc Living ston.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th
day of August, 1896.
[seal.] Milton S. Latham,
Notary public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
POPULISTS AND FUSION.
Leaders Who Are Wooing the De-
jnocracy Wait on Senator
Jones.
Populists who have distinguished them
selves above their fellows by their break
neck chase after the leaders of what they
were pleased to term a few months ago the
rotten Democracy, are waiting for advices
from J. J. Dwyer, who went East a short
time ago to consult with Senator Jones of
Arkansas and Boss Altgeld of Illinois re
specting the terms on which the Populists
might be allowed to fuse with the Democ
racy.
The Democratic fusion committee will
probably be appointed in a day or two by
Chairman Alford, but it can do nothing
until Jones and Altgeld are heard from.
The stumbling-block in the way is the
nomination of Watson by the Populists.
A prominent Democrat said yesterday
that his party could not afford to make
any combination that might injure the
chances of Sewall's election to the Vice-
Presidency, and that whatever combina
tion might be made would be for the in
terest of Bryan and Sewall alike, no mat
ter how favorable to Watson it might ap
pear in the eyea of the Populists.
He added that he feared that the con
templated fusion might be prevented by
the protest from the Populistic masses,
who objected to see their whole platform
slaughtered and held back merely for the
silver issue, but he believed that as the
leaders were solid with tne Democracy the
fusion would be effected in spite of pro
tests.
Secretary R. E. Bush of the State Cen
tral Committee of the People's party has
been gagged by the leaders and is no longer
allowed to speak to reporters on matters
connected with the party. All informa
tion must be sifted by tne committee into
Mr. Wardall's mind, who in turn will dole
it out to the reporters in a manner calcu
lated to do the most good to the party.
MAY LOSE HIS EYESIGHT.
The Misfortunes of Ed F. Scully, a
Well-Known Longshoreman.
John Brown, a sailor, had his prelim
inary examination before Judge Low yes
terday on a charge of assault to murder.
After hearing the evidence the charge was
reduced to assault with a deadiy weapon,
and Brown was held to answer before the
Superior Court in $1000 bonds.
Ed F. Scully, 32 Steuart street, a well
known longshoreman, and three friends,
were talking on Steuart street Sunday
night, when Brown, who had been drink
ing, came along and bumped into them.
Scully pushed him away, and he went a
few yards and called to Scully that he
wanted to speal: to him. Scully went foi
ward and Brown slashed him over the left
eve with a knife.
Scaliy lost his right eye during an elec
tion row s.ome years ago, aud the proba
bility is that he" will lose the sight of his
left eye also.
VARICOCELE
The scientific term I 1 Varicocele" is used to describe a swollen,
lifeless condition of the veins leading, to the vital parts. It if
. the most" treacherous of life.
QS».-i\ eating diseases and is respon-
/^ sible for the destruction of the
fc^, >. ■: a^-v^S .vital destruction of thai*
** f "~'T f \t' 1 ] .vital strength in men more thar
■ — ;i ' ■-■'& '*"» 7 v any other disease known. It ia
r becoming more common every
./^"rrr^^j/ day. Being undemonstrative at
/^^iik^^*^ first, starting from a strain, from
y^\>V^^ indiscretion or excesses, it grad.
/ /^r^%^ s - '" ually develops in the scope of
V Kw^&''*k its destructive influence until it
y\ \ V' saps the very foundation from
it \OM \\ the vital structure. It leads men
-_ _J) \ :'■ -J?l In to Spermatorrhoea, Impotency
j^T % ]jt- :^J :-^=^'J^y, . and" General Nervous Debility.
\ JM^^M^^ v ; ; The best remedy for the cure of
" /:' ' s Varicoceie is ,
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
"I had Varicocele, weakness, pains in my back and could not sleep. I was going
Into i general ? nervous debility. :My troubles ? had been growing on me \ since ; 1869.
The l^o. 6 Belt which I got; last March 1 gave me relief at once. ; ; In a week the pains
were gone and the Varicocele began to disappear. I quickly recovered *my .'strength'
'and am to-day, at 49, as strong as any man of tmy age. — L. L. Jaccard, ; Jeweler, San ;
L-«andro, Alameda County; California. \ ; .' . .'*,,.'
v : ■- This insidious, 1 life-eating disease, and its cure, is given
attention in Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of Men,"
a pocket edition of which can be had free upon application. By
mail it is carefully- sealed. Call or address . :;
• JS-A.IST333DINJ- EHjECTHIC CO.*
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
. Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; ; Sunday*, 10 to i.
- '-'.-• ; OFFICES ATr— ' ; • -V -■ .■ ■"' ■■• .'- :
108 ANGELEB, CAL, PORTLAND, OR.
i.(j* fcoutb Broadway I 253 Washington siresfc
NEAGLE TO PROJECT IT,
He Will Shield the Whole Rail
road Company From Reed's
Probing.
Mr. Cubery Wants to Look Into the
Company's Private Detective
System.
The case of Dave Neagle, arrested for
battery on A. J. Collins, the discharged
employe who spoke in a peaceable man
ner to H. E. Huntington on Montgomery
street, will be called in Judge Low's Police
Court at 11 a. m. to-morrow, but there is
every promise that Neagle will plead guilty
and keep drawn the veil that separates
many things from an interested public.
A feature of the proceedings to-morrow
will no doubt be a vigorous effort by
Charles Wesley Reed, Collins' attorney,
to introduce evidence anyway, that the
court may have information upon which
to form a proper judgment of what to do
about it. There will be fully as vigorous an
effort by railroad lawyers to prevent any
testimony being heard, either on the
fracas or in the way of probing into the
interesting things behind the bumping of
Mr. Collins' head against the railroad
building.
If Neagle would only plead not guilty
there would begin the grinding out of
first-class material for novels.
W. M. Cubery, the printer, who was one
of the witnesses to the assault on Collins,
and who was one of the citizens active in
taking up the Collins case after Neagle's
threatening assault on James H. Barry, is
very much interested in seeing the secret
detective service of the company to which
Neagle belongs probed into.
Mr. Cubery was a member of the "Wal
lace Grand Jury and tried ineffectually to
accomplish such an inquiry then. Some
time ago Mr. Cubery published an open
letter to C. P. Huntington, in which the
following was the fourth among a lot of
specified charges:
Your company has, by a detective system as
thorough and vindictive as that of Russia,
scattered through our hotels and even many
of our private residences, frightened men into
obedience to acts that in their hearts they be
lieved to be wrong.
But Mr. Cubery is not likely to get many
volumeß of valuable information out of
Dave Neagle to morrow.
Charles Wesley Reed is especially anx
ious that a number of people who wit
nessed Neagle's treatment ol Collins in
front of the yellow building that day send
their names to him or call upon I im at his
office in the Crocker building. Of the large
number of people who saw the occurrence
he has the names of but Mr. Cubery and
two other witnesses. A subpena summon
ing H. E. Huntington as a witness has been
issued at Mr. Reect's request, but nobody
has been able to serve it yet.
The Soldier Boys Won.
At San Leandro Sunday afternoon an in
teresting and exciting game of baseball was
played between the Standards and a nine from
Company F, First Infantry Regiment, X. G. C.
The first six innings were replete with good,
sharp plays on both sides, the score standing
at the end of the sixth inning 6 to 5 in favor
of F. In their lucky seventh the sluggers of
Dandy F opened up on the ball and scored
nine runs. At the conclusion of the srame tne
score was Standards 11, Company F 16, as fol
lows:
innings. 123456789
Standards 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 3—ll
CmpanyF 1 12 0 2 0 9 1 *-16
STEW TO-DAY."
Haviland China Teacups,
2Oc.
. : , /%.i)ii Just think of it!
A^t-i^S Haviland
• f&* £*J China Teacups
- /?-/<• <v and Saucers,
f\*-*\ +S- ' >■ decorated in
£• nV\ \v\ £ colors and gold,
ftrfTC-r/Jp'AJ M ■ -- for 20c; Coffee
\uv^0 hfmbA f■*£ ■ ' Cups, 30c; Dcs-
X^yvr^ll ] ' -■ Bert Plates, 20c; ■
JC7?Tr* X!'iwZfek«?x -^**% Large Plates,
iftR3K 1 " T^J^^i^T 2 50 - That's one-
yt^j«t^g*^y WM third less than
ffjl fi^^^ 515 * 5^ «*"* even the plain
I V\|\ - '^^ white china- -
Ml I"*** costs. But don't
\ , I V I forget— Wed-
v/ \ nesday night
We also place on sale 225 Fine Thin Bo-
hemian Glass Two-quart Water Pitchers,
beautifully etched and decorated with
cold, at 65c each. Sold regularly at $1 25. :
See them in the window.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eta's.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
• BELOW MONTGOMERY.
Li/hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
Resorts in these columns kindly mention the C-TtjLjC.
TBE BARTMTT
SPRINGS
TTAVF, THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•*-*- being one of the wosbers of the wobld, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those In searca of j jh kalth, will be well
paid by visiting them. . • I S ■
The . Finest Summer • Climate In , Cali-
fornia. .' V ;
LARGE NEW SWI3IMING TANK.
''A'Posltive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and .stomach Troubles. .
TERMS TO 815 PER WEEK.
T^o Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and* N. P. Bail way.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 82 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. :
TTNEXCELLED ' FISHING, ' DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions,' tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
■ For-fuU information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
- . . 22a South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
■% ■ ■% A I 4% f% HOT SPRINGS,
rflßfliNll^Tf-d^
I nunigU L^H^> F e£
"■" " * •■ . -T^'-T^ health.rest.pleas-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
i baths, hot sulphur tub and wlraminir tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed In the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad; Retnra-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRIMS,
California's Famous ■■• Mountain Spa!
HiVK You Bken These Lathi-??
1000 feet above Nana Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostoSice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
J^^^* Hotel Capitola,
C^'i.iiwg^ Bhs». j 4 Miles East of .
RniipTiTjnjia |i DSJjgjTf Santa Cruz.
■ ■■. -^ — ;=:= Hotel at water's edge;
{^ Mi^*^SBB(BMBs B good salmon and trout fi3h-
-— -'-4- I'rJdA in S- Apply to
1 .;f %f\ HEPBURN & TERRY,
1 " . • , 'Lessees, -
„ Capitoia, CaL
WHEN lIFCIAH
VISITING UIVI/\II
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
mHIS IS THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in TJkiahi and .it is headquarters for
tourists. -■;■-■.-. . . . ■- - .' „■:.: •'. y-.T, -■
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
CAMP TAYLOR; HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's , Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
IIIRST -CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightfnl climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoffice, ? express, ' telegraph and livery at
both hotels; terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUSS, Manager.
JOS. F. BERTRAND. Proprietor.
- ' City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. K.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
; . SONOMA COUNTY. '
AN IDEAL -FLACK . FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; %-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 ftiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk ; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRINGEK. Seavlew, Sonoma 'Co.,
lor apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKH COUNT XV
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For inforn Ation address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train : terms $7 up. . ' Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY, Glenwood, CaL -:-. -. : .<. . ,
JBADROSE MINERAL SPRINGS
WILL BE OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
*»» year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. .-• Send for analysis. and -descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, santa Clara County, CaL -
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
QUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit aud, flowers. Ad
dre?K P. O. box 220.
i^S^^ mANHOOD RraTOßED«sessssi;
Ejjrw / 505 Sy ■fcST ; JS? si tlon oi a famous Frencli physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
, HVIV* ■> A I * \T vons or the generative organi, such as Lost Manhood,
Wf ■?»: *»F m*m '£> £* tion or a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
vi\ s\l \W \T vous or diseases of the generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood,
H>• /m) V* «/«JJ '■'■■ InsomuiALPainsin the Back, Beminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
: H 1 t&zSL TT •&OBy- Plmple3, tJnlitnesa to Marry, Exhausting Drains, "Varicocele and
.ra- V^ r '.\ ~~~7 Constipation. ,It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
Bra > / ..' \.v .y . nes3oi discbarge, which if not checked leads to SperinatorrhOßa and
' ™ BFFOPF .«» .rrrp all the horrors oflnipotencr. CIOPIDESE cleanses the liver, the
Rj oervne and Mr Ick n ey S and the urinary organs of all impurities.
: ■*. CUPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. »•_ .. . __
The reason sufferer- are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are trembled with
Proststltta. CUPIDEN E is the only kno«*n remedy to core without an operation. 5000 testlmonl.
" als. ' A written guarantee riven and money returned i/ six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
|1.00 a box, six for fo. oo, by mail. Send forjraucs circular and testimonials.
: / A*Jxe« DAVOI. MEDICINJS CO.. ; 1170
HI6HLAND_SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate ' and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
in the World.
Fall season opens Aueust 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LK£ D. CKAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CB.XIG,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
SPRINGS
There Is hftalinp: in the waters (for rheumatism,
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc):
there is life in the air. SSwiiurninc-tauic. tub and
steam baths, fine hotel, amusements. Kates. $10
to $14. Take 7a. it. B. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a.m. Unlimited round-trip
tickets. S7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W.L.
JJI'ICHKLL. Lioell P. <>.. >Tapa County, Cal.
I — ""— M^^— ■ — —^—
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
In the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
Ing. -New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, stave at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting witij
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
j VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cat
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
pECREATIOX. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XV vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Steam, heat, elevator, callbells and night-
! watch service. Massage,' electricity, medicated
' and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements, : un?
I water, air and. a beautiful climate. Accomznoda-
i t ions first class. Bates reasonable. Send for circular.
| ASTORG mm JIXERAL WATER.
AMUiiU tSlllLiu iUIALItIL iiAllu.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
J- cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by ■ thousands In four
months in this city: no. agents. A. ASTOKO, 10S
Fifth St., sole proprietor. The greatest medicinal
and curative water in California.
THE GEYSERS,
. Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NBW MANAGEMENT.
"DATES $2 TO $2 50 PEK DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
XV week; all baths free.
.. W. H. HAREOX, Proprietor.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. for rates and fare apply to
W. J. O'NEILL, 133 Sixth St.
SANTA CATALINI ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1596.
ZAUN'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort In State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward table unexcelled: bard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
■VTE VV HOTEL, NOW PEN; MANY NEW
i.l improvements for the entertainment of guests ;
the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
etc.; good fishing and hunting. Address CARL
MEYER, Bertha P. a, Lake co. Do not address
Blue Lakes. ■ *-•■-.-•.'.• '■ '■
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, bISKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud. and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL DEL MAR— OX THE SEASHORE; 33
minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect: tabla unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses meet, all trains; children, $2
toss per week; adults, $9 per week; special rat/*
to societies and ' families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Lai., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. ___^
HOTEL VICTORIA. SOXORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the ■, mountains, famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland; . altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest:
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
RISON, lessee. . '
T>IVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
Xi Eel River, 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; flshins, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed.' Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESf lE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hoar fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImonu
ANITA VILLA*. WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains: fin© family resort- J. HAES-
TERS, proprietor. ■
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
' ; -Oil' the. — —
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET 31.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
If RUPTURE, i
f'lf raptured, j-oa naturally hope looMsfn relief A ■
I from pain: security from Strangulated Hernia and a fig .
' permanent cur«ifposiible. Plea»< investigate "Dr. 1
Pierce'sPat. If agnetio Elastic Tru*i.' and you will
■■be *urprl»ed at what you will leirn, ThlsTrui; gvj
HT ponltivelj doe* the irork aDd ii worth $1,000 to arjj EJ\
V ruptured man or woman. If rou wan: tbe BEST, Kg
■ 111 or send 3 ct«. in stamps for fret Pamphlet Xo. 1. PS*
W I: remains full information. C*T The scientific ad- ffCfC
Vjußtment of tl lilt i at on r office a'pecialtr. Address HgJ
■ iIAGNKTIC ELASTIC TRIPS CO., \0.704.N'.W Hi
I cor. Sact&aien'-o ft Ke vny (j;s. ( Saa l' rancUco, Cal. CSSBZ
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THIS . MAIULKTS.
Silver firmer.
Large shipment of Flour to China.
Wheat and Barley weak.
OaU, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran weak. Middlings firm.
Hay In heavy receipt.
No change in Beans.
Sweet Potatoes lower.
Butter and Eggs weakening.
Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry cheap.
Fruit about the same.
Nothing new In Dried Fruit
Provisions unchanged.
THE HOP CROP.
Llltenlha) * Co. furnish the following statistics
Of tl>e lacific Coast Hop crop of 1895. The pro
duction was as follows: Acr^ Balei
California 8 . 5U0 62,000
nreeon i. .. ...1&500 99.500
Vaflnnßton 6.700 28,800
British Columbia a"O ' w
Tota l 31,000 81,000
The stock on hand Jnne 30, 1895, was 12. '.'00
bales Ihe shipments by rail during tne year were
165.500 bales, and by sea 75n0 bales. 'Ihe local
brewers consumed 7^oo baies and the stock still
left on hand at all Pacific Coast points July 1,
1896, was 23,000 bales.
The detailed statement of the California crop is
as follows: Crop, 62,000 bales; shipped overland,
32 000- shipped by water, 7200; home consump
tion, 5500; stock on hand July 1, 1896, 14,300
bales.
SPOT CASH FOR EASTERN FRUIT
SHIPMENTS.
The following agreement has been signed by all
the Dried Fruit houses in San Francisco, and the
Fruit .Exchange has received assurances that It
will be generally signed by Dried Fruit men in
tne *anla Clara Valley and Fresno: "Numerous
\vliolesnle grocers' associations and dealers on the
Missouri River bavins addressed the San Fran
cisco Fruit Exchange and California shippers with
a view to securing modification of existing terms
on D:ied Fruits and Raisins, we, the undersigned,
mutually agree that from and after this date lerms
on all sales of Dried Fruits and Raisins, in car
lots, shall be net cash against bill of lading payable
on arriva and examination of goods.
••In view of the fact that all purchases of Dried
Fruits in this State are made from producers on a
spot cash basis, any discounts allowed would ne
cessitate b proportionate advance In prices to deal
:he East. The margin of profits will not ad
mit of any discounts whatever or deviation from
existing terms."
Explanation.
The arrow files with '.he wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, If any, the amount of
raintall. of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lin-s. connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompnnied by cloady weather and rams.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south ulong the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low* 1 Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aqricui/-
TrBE, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Aug.
10, 1896. sp. v. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 102, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
10i), oan Luis obispo 74, Yuma 108, San Francisco
64, Los Anseles 78.
Ban Francis.- o data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 53. mean 58.
An area or unusually high pressure for this sea
son of the year has appeared in Northwestern
Montana, from which section the pressure dimin
ishes to Arizona. Fair weather and slowly rising
temperature prevails throughout almost the entire
region west of the Rocky Mountains. These con
ditions will probably continue.
Forecast made at san Franci'CO for thirty hours
ending midnight. Aupus: 11. 1896:
> ortnern California— Partly cloudy In the north
west portion, fair In the southeast portion Tues
day: fresh southwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— I: air Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Toes
day; orisk westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YOKK MAKRtIS.
Financial.
' NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 10 Stocks showed
more resisting power to-day. At the opening
prices advanced sharply, with sugar, the grangers
and internationals in the lead, owing to higher
cables from London as well as moderate buying
orders for foreign account. The announcement
that clearances at the stock Exchange Clearing
house had gone through without the bill also
tended to revive confidence in some quarters. Fol
lowing the early rise there was a sharp drive by
the bear leaders, and under pressure a number of
the active railway and industrial stocks got below
the prices current on Saturday.
Sugar dropped 3% to 95, tobacco 4 to 51, leather
-■ preferred 2V4 to 4ii' 3 Northern Pacific 2% to
B.*>y 8 , St. Paul 114 to 59 Vg, Rock Island 1% to I
493/ g , Lackawanua 2to 133, Delaware ana Hudson
1% to 114%. Manhattan 3 to 74%. Jersey Central
1 to 87% and Western Union Ito 72%! The ad
vance In call money to 8 per cent and fears that
the rate wl>l work still higher in the near future
were the disturbing influences at this time. As
usual, when money is stringent a number of loans
.were disturbed, and the consequent liquidations
addea to the depression.
At the decline, however, London firms turned J
buyers, and commission houses also had more in
quiry for the leading stocks. This, combined with j
a decline in the rate of call loans to 2y 2 @:-t per
cent encouraged local operators to make ven
tures on the bull side of the account, and in the
lust hour of business the market was stronger than
at any previous lime 01 the day. The recovery in ■
prices ranged from % to 3% per cent. Tobacco
nnd Manhattan leading. Lake Shore rallied 314
and Sugar 3 per cent, speculation closed strong in
tone.
• Net changes show gains of J >4@3 per cent. Total
sales were 244,347 shares, including 39,800
share* Sugar, 32,700 St. Paul. 29,300 Tobacco
and 15,200 Burlington and Quincy.
Bonds were higher. Sales footed up $1,566,000.
Atcbison general fours rose 21/4 to 70%: do ad
justment, 1% to 38: Kansas and Texas seconds,
114 to 46; >an Antonio and Aransas Pass fours,
3% to 48%, and Wisconsin Central lives certifi
cates, 134 to 57.
B In Government bonds $40,500 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 111%: $7000 of 1907 at 106%, and
$1000 registered lours of 1907 at 106.
Train.
FI-riVß— Floor steady. Wheat, low grades,
%\ 7C@2 50: do fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40:
do pa e tits. $3 45(8,3 75: Minnesota clear. $2 40
Ca 1 iO: do straights, $2 Vbfii'i 40: ao patents.s3 15
@4 20: lo*v extras. $1 70@_> 60: city mills. $3 90;
do patents. $4 15(a4 35; rye mixture, $2 400
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1854.
>•-, BRANCH OFFICE "
S2B Market St., Palace Hotel.. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PDBDY, Manager.^
Orders \ instantly executed on latest ; market quo- >
tations Reference Ist National Bank, a. F.
CHICAGO. *JUVAXJS Witt* **# * 08K,
2 90; superfine, $1 60@2 55: fine, $1 50@2 05. Ry
flour steady, $2 40@2 75. •
CORN ME al— Dull, steady. Western yellow,
$2 0 ($2 10.
RYE— Quiet, steady; Western. 37% cf. o. b.
BARLEY— Steady; 49 pounds. 33c f. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western, 48@53c. .
WHEAT— DuII, firmer: t. o. b., 67y c: un
graded red, 58@68c; No . 1 Northern, 66% a
Options were irregular, closing steady at s/g@
6/8'" advance on former cables, foreign buying,
decreased visible and local covering; No. 2 red
August, 623/ t c: September, 03y 8 c; December,
65% c.
CORN— DuII, %@yi>c lower, closing steady: No.
2, 293/ic elevator, 40S^c afloat.
Options were dull and steady at %c decline
following the West. October and September most
active; August,29%c; September, 29% c; October,
30V4C.
OATS— DuII, steady.
Options easier; dull; August, 21% c; September,
2is /8 c; October, 213/, c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 23c: No. 2 white. 26c-
No. 2 Chicago, 24c: No. 3. 22c: No. 3 white, 25c;
mixed Western. 23@24y 2 c; white do, 27@32c;
white State, 27@32c.
?ro visions.
LARD— Quiet, firm. Western steam, $3 55; City,
$3 20@3 25: September, $3 50: refined, dull,
steady; continent. $4 15; south American, $4 76:
compound, 3%&4y B e.
PORK— Dun, steady. Old mess, $B^B 25; new
mess, $8 75.
BUTTER— Higher, fair demand. Western dairy.
9@l2c: do creamery, liy a @lsyac; do factory,
7Vafflllc; Elgins, 15y c.
CiiEESE— More active, firmer. Part skims, 2@
6c; full skims, l@l%c.
EGGS— Quiet and steady. Western, fresh, 11®
12c; do per case. 90c(a$2 05.
ALLOW— DuII, steady. City, 3c; country, 3©
3%c.
COTTONSEED OIL— Steady, quiet. Crude, 19@
20c: yellow, 22%@23c.
RlCE— Steady, quiet. Domestic, 3®s^i.
MOLASSES— DuII, steady. New Orleans, 27@
37c.
COFFEE— Steady: unchanged to 10 poln's up.
August, $10 15@10 25; March, $9 05@@l) 10:
September. $9 7a; December. $9 05@9 10. Spot
Rio, dull, easy; No. 7, llV4@liyac
SUGAR— Raw, steady, fair demand: fair refin
ing, 3 l-16c: centrifugals. 96 test, 3yjfC; refined,
quiet, steady; off A, 4%@4 11- lbc ; mold A,
6Vsc: standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A, 43,4 c;
cut loaf, 5%e: crushed, 6Vac; powdered, 6ygc;
granulated, 4%c; cubes, 5y 8 0.
i 1 nit and Produce,
APRICOTS— New bags, 6@9c.
PEACHES— OId, peeled, 13®14c; do nnpeeled,
6y 2 @sy 2 c.
PKU.NES— Four sizes, nominal, 4»^@s&
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3»4 @
4c; do three-crown. f>(dtbi/ic; do iour-crowu. 6%c;
do London layers, $I@l 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
HOPS-Paclfic Coast, 3®6y a c. London mar
ket unchanged.
WOOL-DomesUc fleece, ll@12c; pulled, 170
33c; Texas, 7© 12c.
Merchandise.
FIG IRON-Quiet; American. $12 25@12 60,
COPPER-Quiet; lake. $11.
LEAD— Easy: domestic, $2 76.
"UN-Dull: straits, »13 30®13 36; plates,
steady, quiet.
bPELTEK-Easy; domestic $3 85.
CHI CAOO ilAKktl'S.
CHICAGO, iti., Aug. 10.— Within moderate
limits the price of wheat to-day responded readily
to the statistics incident to Monday. Early, bow
ever, some hesitancy was apparent, due to the
fact that New York stocks were again in condi
tion approaching demoralization. Later the small
ness of the world's shipments for the week—
4,409,000 bushels— and a decrease in the amount
on ocean passage of 880.000 bushels, combined
with a better feeling in Liverpool, where prices
were upheld, caused a more sanguine feeling to
develop, the offerings becoming very light and
prices advancing. Ihe visible supply decreased
325,000 bushels. Receipts at Ch.cago were 316
cars, and 256,1)86 bushels were withdraw n from
store. Northwestern arrivals were 379 cars,
against 268 last Monday and 195 m year aso. Ex
port clearances amounted to -3-,3 87 bushels. The
English visible supply decreased y()5.000 bushels.
About the mid lie of the session corn weakened
and dragged wheat down with it- Afterward there
was a slight recovery, due to covering by shorts,
and at the close additional firmness was communi
cated by an Improvement in securities at New
York. September wheat opened at from 57®
66% - BOl<l between 5714 c and st>s/ g @66%c, clos
lu« at 67c, unchaneed from Saturday. Estimated
receipts for 10-morrow. cars.
CORN — Was fir.a early, though the interest in
trade was manifestly light. Strength being the
ruling character ef wheat earir, and no particular
reason for other than that existing in corn at the
time, s . moa.hy naturally entered largely into the
matter of tone. Receipts were heavy at 1177 cars,
and fi0i.507 oushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cables were %d higher. The visible
supply Increased 1,436,U00 bushels, and ihe
amuuut on ocean passage decreased 480,000 bush
-1 e.s. Seaboard clearances amouuted to 96,933
bushels. After the announcement of the visible
supply prices weakened and declined. September
' corn opened at 211,4 c, sold between 23% c and
I 24i/4@.d48/gc, closing at 'lUfoc, */±c under Satur
day. Estimated receipts ior to-morrow, 1275
cars.
I OATS — Presented steadiness with Inactivity.
I The sentiment was due to ihe environments, with
i little reference to direct Information. Receipts
I were 617 cars, and 44.931 bushels were wlth
; drawn from store. The visible supply decreased
. 221,000 bushels. Export clearances amounted to
I 77,938 bushels. The market was weak later In
I sympathy with corn. September oats closed fi/gc
! to %c under Saturday. Estimated receipts for
to-iiiorrow. 610 cars.
FLAX— Was weak; old Northwestern sold and
i closed at 70% c; new Southwestern, 70c to 69ygC.
! closln.- at the latter; September, 70c; December,
! 7 3c. Receipts were 224 cars.
! PROVISIONS -The provision mark«t was again
pretty much the same rut that it was prior to th*
Hurry of mat ween. Fluctuations were governed
early by the prevailing tone of the hog market,
which was wik. Later, to accord with the specu
lative feeling in other parts of the room, there was
a recovery, pork advancing the most. September
pork Closed 32% c higber, September lard 7%c
higher and September ribs 10% c higber.
BUTTER— Ihe fine makes ot butter were in ac
tive demand ana firm to-day, but poorer kinds did
not sell so w«ll.
Creameries-Extras. 14% c; firsts, 1a%@13%c:
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, 10@llc.
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts, 10% c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Kxtras, 9%(a,10c; firsts, B@ay 2 c; packing,
stock, 6fa>7c: grease, 4fq,se.
EuGS— steady; moderate demand. Fresh stock
sold at 8%@9%c per dozen.
MONE*— Was firm at 6@7% both for call and
umb loans. .Ntw York exchange so Id at 80c dis
count.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— August, 561,4 c; September, f>7c; De
cember, eoygc.
CORN— August. 238/gC: September, 23% c; May,
2734 c
OATS— September. 16y @166&c; May. lS%c.
PORK— September. $6 67%: January, $7 10.
LARD— September, *3 22%: January, • $3 57%.
lUiso— Septemoer, S3 37%; January, $3 52%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ili., August 10.—
Cattle were in moderate supply and good demand
to-day; prices were firm. Heavy receipts and a'
slow demand caused a weak market for hogs.
Prices averaged 10c lower. Sheep were steady;
good demand. ■ .. ' -
CATTLK— Receipts. 17.000. Fancy beeves. $4 60
@4 70: choice 10 crime, 1300 to 1800 lb steers,
$4 40<a4 55; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1700 lb,
S4 25<&4 35; medium steers, 1100 to 1 350 lb. $3 SO
(g,4 20: common to fair steers, 950 to 1200 lbs,
$3 25 @ 3 75: rough Western steers, $2 90®
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 lb, $3 lfc@3 76: stocker.,
600 to 876 tb. $2 30@3 60; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80@3 26; bulls, poor to cnolce, $1 75
{@2 75; cows and heifer*, extra. $3 76@4 15;
cows, fair to choice, $2 30@3 70; rows,
common to faircanners. $1 2b@2 25; calves, good
to choice, $5 IL'@s 50: calves, common to good,
$3 su@s 00; Texas grass steers. $2 56@3 25:
.Texas cows and bulls, $1 60@2 40; .stem range
steers $2 70(gid 85; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 20@3 -40. milkers and springers, * head,
$20040.
HUGS— Receipts, 32,000. Heavy packlnc ana
sblppini; lots, $2 KO(03 20: common to choice
mixed, $2 90@3 25; choice assorted, $3 25®
3 35: light, 9'dlgtJ 35; pigs. $2 60(03 36.
feU Eh.?— Receipts. 16.000. interior to choice,
3 2(a3 26: lambs, $3&6 85.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, lit.; Aug. 10. — The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit In the Union auction to
day at the following prices: Pears— Bar:lett, $1 15
@1 40 9 box: Hardy, 60@60c. Plums- Kelsey,
I $1 30®l 35 1?. half crate; Quackenbos, $1 30®
I 135; Egg. «oc<asl; Peach, 90c@«l. Prunes—
Gros. $1 16&1 40 --fi.- half crate; silver, 95c.
Peaches— Reeves' Favorite, 75@S0c f, box; Sus
quehanna, 6f>@Boc; Foster. 75c; Tuscan, 70c:
Crawford, 30i'a.75c; Sellers' Cling, 40@75c. Grapes
—Tokay, $2 % half crate; Thompson's Seedless,
$1 20@l 35; Fontalnebleau, SI 16@1 35.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug., 10.— Porter Bros.
; Company sold California fruit, open auction, to-day
as follows: Plums- Japan. 90c@$2 65 half crate;
Egg, 85c@$l 16: Columbia, SOc@sl 10: other va
rieties, 60c@$l 10. Pears— Harriett, i 86 $
box. Prunes— Gros, si 05@l 40 ft ha.f crate;
German, 96c6t$l 16; Tragedy, $1. Grapes—
talneblean, 85c@$l 25 f, half crate. Peaches-
Decker's, $1 30 f, box; Foster's, 30»a0c; Early
Crawford's, 20@26c. Nectarines, 60c $ half crate.
NEW \OKii. STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share «."
Money on call active at' 3(ffiß\' ; last loan at 8%
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile paper,
«@8%%. Bar silver, 68S4C. Mexican dollars,
53%@54%c Sterling Exchange is depressed, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 U6%@4 87
for sixty aays and $4 87%@4 88 lor demand.
Posted rate*. $« 88@4 09. Commercial bills, $4 b6
@4 86V4. Government bonds steady; State bonds
till; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the board was
lower. •:••/: ; .
CXOBTXe RTOCWI.
Am Tel *CaMe.... 87 | Norfolk A Westrn 6*/«
Atchison .......... 9% | Preferred.... SO»4
Preferred ' 15% Northern Pacific!!' 3%
Adams Express. ...138 Preferred....;.... 10 '-
Alton. Terre Haute 60' Northwestern .. 88V4
American Express) os Preferred.. '..148
American Tobacco. b4V4N. Y. Central.' - : 8914
Preferred.:..:.... 93 N.Y.,Chlcajso<tS.l. 9y!
Bay State Gas ... ' 1* : .. Ist preferred 60
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 Yd preferred.... 21
Brunswick Lands.. .% N. Y.& N. H.:.\ . 188
Buffalo, Roch it P. 102% N. Y. & New Eng. 35 ,
Canada Pacific...'.! 75 1 N. V., Susq & W... 6%
Canada southern.. 42 Preferred....;.... 15 -■■■■■
Cantos Land.. 50y 8 Ontario ........... 11%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
Central Pacific 13 Ontario A Western 11 v 2
Cbes. & Ohio a l .! Va Oregon Improvmnt y%
Chicago Alton. 147 Preferred —
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago. B. <fc Q.... 65y 8 Oregon Short Line. 10%
Chicauo* B. 1U... ZIV^ Pacific Mall 1634
Preferred 88 1 Peoria, D. <fc Bvans 1-Vfc
CblcagoGas 4ttya'Plttsburg<fc W. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Pittsburgh 155 /Pullman Pa1ace.. ..138
Consolidation Coal. 3') 'Quicksilver. 1
Consolidated Ga5. .135 Preferred 12
C. C. C. <fe St. Louis 20 Reading «y 3
Preferred 90 RioGrandeAWestn 15
toio. Fuel & iron.. 15 Preferred *4
Preferred 80 Rock Island 60%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 8 Rome Wat&Ogden. 106
Commercial Cable. 126 St. L. <fe S. W 3
Del. Hudson.. 116 Preferred 1
Del.Lack<feWestrn.l3BS,i St. Paul «2S/ g
Denver <fe R. G 10 | Preferred. 118
Preferred. 88 1 St. Paul <fe Duluth. 18
Distillers 9 Preferred 87
General Electric... 22%!5t. Paul & Omaha. 32%
Erie HVjjl Preferred. 125
Preferred 25% 6U P. M. AM 105
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 686^
Cireat Northern pfdlOß Southern Pacific... I6MI
Greenßay y s Southern R. R 7
Harlem 294 Preferred 17yg
Hocking Coal yg Sugar Refinery 98
Hocking Valley.... 12a /4 Preferred 92
Homestake. 84 , Term. Coal A Iron. 15^4
H. A Texas Cent...—— j Preferred. 80
Illinois Central..... 83 Texas Pacific 5%
lowa Central 6 ToI.A.A.AN.Mich.-—
Preferred 20 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... W4, Preferred. 50
Preferred IBy4TOI.St.LOuisAK.C- 5
KinpstonA Pern... 3 j Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 13' 4 Cnlou Paclnc f>V%
Preferred 67%' U. P. Den A Gulf.- 1 6 /S
Lake Shore 137 U. S. Coraage 3V4
National Lead 17 Preferred. 6y4
Preferred 79 Guaranteed. w
Long Island 66 U. S. Express 30
Louisville A Nash. 40y 3 L . S. Leather 6^
Louisville. NaACn 6 Preferred 43%
Preferred 10^ U. S. Rubber. 14ya
Manhattan Consol. 77% Preferred. 64
Memphis A Charla. 16 • Utlca AB. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 6y 2 Wab. b. L A Pac.. 4<«4
Michigan Central.. 90 1 Preferred 12Vi
Minn AS. L. |Wells-Fargo 85
Preferred — iWestern Union 74%
Minn A St. L com. 12 .Wisconsin Central. IVa
Ist preferred 60 Wheeling AL. 8.. 5»4
2dpreferred 21 Preferred 25
Missouri Pacific... 16S/ 8 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 37Va
Mobile A Ohio 13 W. U. Beef 6
Nashville A Chatt. 67y 2 Ann Arbor 6V4
National Linseed.. 13V 2 Preferred 17V2
N. J. Central 90 Brooklyn Traction. 18
Nortn American... 3% Krie 2d ptd. 14%
CXOSINS BOND*.
V » 4s. registered.. 105 |M X T 2ds
Do 48. coupon 108 Do 4s 76
U 84s new, regstrd 11 iy 2 Mutual Union 85... 108
Do 4s, coupon 111 i ., .\ J Cent Gen 65. ..11 l
Do 2s 92 jNorthern Pac lsts.lo9
Dc 5s 10834| Do2ds 104
i o bs. coupon IOBV2 Do Sds 59
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 ' > on li west Consols. 13 (5
Do 1897 10U Do deb 5s 104
Do 1898 10:» OR* N Ists. 1043/ i
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGenss 70
Pacific >is of '96.... St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 108
DCS-658 1091,4 St Paul C0n5015.. ..120
Ala Class A4s 100 iSt P C<ft Pa 15t5... 110
Do Class B 4, 65.. 100 Do Pac Cat Ists.. 107
LaConsol 4s 93 Southern RR 65... 76%
Missouri funding... Tcxhs Pacific lsis. 73
N Carolina con 65.. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 747^
Do 4s 95 Union Pac lsis BU. 100
Bo Carolina 4J/fcs... 95 West Shore 4a. 100^4
Term new 3s 74 jSloblle A Ohio 45.. 56
Va funding debt... 52 h Grande West Ists 63
Do registered Ches 4 Onio 55.. ..100
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 4s 70^4
Dotrust rcptsst. 4 Do i!ds A 30
Canada South 2ds.. 100 GH4SA6S 101
Cen Pac Ists of ' 96. 98 Do2d7s 99Vfc
Den 4EU Ist 109 H * Tex Cent 65.. 102
Do4s 83 Docooßs. 102
Erie 2ds 64Vi Reading 4s 69
Kansas Pa Consols 65 Missouri 64 100
fc.o tu. in is Deu tiivlos Alabama, class C—
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
' LIVERPOOL. Eva., Aug. 10.— spot market
Is aulet at 6s 4y d@Ss 5%d. Cargoes dull at 26s
10% d, sellers, September-October shipment.
FCTURKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 9 Red Winter: .Aug
ust, 4s 10% d: September, 4s 10 8 4 d; October, 4s
lid; November. 4s liy^d; December, 4s ll%d.
BECURITIKB.
LONDON, Ess., Aug. 10— Consols, 112 11-16;
silver, 3U/4J; French Rentes* .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight. — nominal
Sterling Cables .' — nominal
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange,' telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver. $ ounce. — 68%
Mexican Dollars . — 638/ 4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is weak, but unchanged. No. 1. 92Va
(a.93%c 9 cU; choice, 86c; lower grades, 87y 3 ©
91 V 4 c; extra choice for milling, $I@l 07^ 11 ctl.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 97V*c: 4000, 97y c.
Bxoovs Skshjox— 10:15 o'clock— December—
6000 Ctls, 971^c; 8000, 97VsC
Kpiit'LAß moknisc) M-.NSIOX — December —
4000 ctls, 97V«c; 12.000, 97Vic
afternoon- Session— December— lo,ooo ctls,
9714 c; 14,000, 97V8C .«av-i!000, $1 Ols/gC.
BAKI — Continues to shade off. We quote
Feed, 621/^GeJ/ic': Brewing, 70@79^4c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second sfssion— lo:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ct s, 681/4 C; 2JOO. «Be.
Kkqi'lar Mobnino Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OA'l'B— New Oats are quotable at 72y 2 @Boc: Old
milllns, 85@90c 3 ctl: fancy feed, 90@92y a c
J! ctl: t'Ood to choice, 82y»@90c; common to fair,
72y a @77y 2 c; Gray, 80@8Jy a c: Surprise, 96c@
$1 0'- J 'j.
CORN— DuII and easy. Large Yellow, 87y a (a9sc
Vctl: Small Round do, 95@983,4c; White, 7fVa@
RYE-72^@75c ctl for old and 6Sc for new.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal at 86@95c * ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOTJR— The China steamer took out 21,350
barrels. Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 80@3 70 f* bbl; Bakers' extras, f 3 40
@S SO: superfine, «2 76(*8.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, fie 60@'<:0:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour, $J 10;
Rye Flour, 2%c; Rico Flour. 6%c: Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, 2%c: Oatmeal,92 80; Oat
Groats, 3 Vic: Hominy, $3 lOtox 30: Buckwheat
Flour, *3 lo@3 80; Cracked Wheat, 2%c; Fa
rina, 3%c: vVhole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Oats, 3Vfec; Pearl Barley, 3VaC: Split Peas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sl2@l2 60 for the best and $11@11 60
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— Are firm at $IS@l6 » ton for
lower grades and $17@18 e> ton for the best.
FE- DSTUFFS Kolled Barley, $14 50@15: Oll
cake Meal at the mill, 821 V ton: jobbing, $22.
HAY— Is coming in too heavily again and the
market is accordingly weak. Wheat, $7010 ■$
ton: Wheat and Oat, $6 60@9; Oat $6 50(a>8;
Barley, $6@7 50; River Barley, $4 50@6: Alfalfa,
$5 50@6 50 for second and $4 50@A tor first cut
ting: compressed, $6@B; stock, $4@5; Clover,
«5 50@7 60.
STRAVV-30@40c ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos, 90@97y a c; Small Whites, $1®
1 15* ctl: Pea, $I@l 20 f, ctl: Large Whites,
90c@$l 07% f, ctl; Pink, 7O@80c; Reds, $I<3
1 15; Blaciceye, $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c;
Llmas. $2(d»2 40; Butters, $I@l 40.
SEEDS-Brown Mus ard, SI 60@l 75 $ ctl;
Trieste, $2 26@2 76 * ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 6001 75; Flax,sl 76@1 90: Canary, 2 14
@23/4 c * It); Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2y 2 c B>;
Hemp, 3y 2 c $itb. ■
DHIKD PEAS— SI 10@l 40 9cU for Niles and
$1 25(g,l 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
. POTATOES— Potatoes are lower at IV4@
l»4c ft I!.-. Garnet Chiles, 50@>65c V ctl; Early
Rose, 35@45c; Burbank Seedlings, 35@46c for
Rivers and 76@90c for Salinas. *
ONIONS-35@40c * cU : Pickles, 75c.
VEGETABLES— No change of any consequence.
Marrowfat Squash, lc ft lb; = Green Corn, 25@75c
ft sack; Alameda Corn, $l(o,l 60 * crate: Berke
ley Corn, 85c@$l $ bx; Summer squash, 16@25c
for Bay; Egg Plant, 40@60c%Uarge bx: Tomatoes,
40@60c for Rivers; Alameda Cucumbers, 15@25c
f> bx; Pickles, iy c lb for No. 1 and 60@75 %i ctl
for No. 2; Green Peppers. 2»»@4oc %» large box for
Chile and 4'J@t>oc f> box for Bell; Green Peas, 50c
$1 •# sack for common and 2@2%c V lb for Gar
den; String Beans. 60c®$l 1& sack for common
and 2@2%cfor garden: Li mas. 4@sc: Green Okra,
6G(s7oc %* box; Cabbage. 40c 'f ctl; Carrots, 25®
30c 11 sack ; Garlic, %@2o V lb. « .
BUTTER, CHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— market is weak, with more sell
ers than buyers.' •"; : ■■ ":
Cbkamkrv— 19@20c: seconds, 17@18c
9 lb. ■-.^ggpg^fegß'w liirtiiiH ni <»Tf HMBWiiBMMI
- Dairy— Fancy, 17V @18c V- lb: good to choice,
.15%@16%c: lower grades, 13®16c.
Pickled— l6@l7c %1 tb. •
Firkin— l4@lsc $ lb. /
1 CHEESE— Fancy mild Dew, B%@9c fi lb; com
mon to good, 6i/t@«c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Young America, 9(g»10c * lb: Western, 10@llc;
Eastern, ll@l3c %t It. ;~*-f&aE&G&*Kff&*&6ML
1 : EGGS—Trade Is reported very dull and the mar
ket is shading off again, there being larger receipts
from all sources. Oregon, • 14@1 6c; ■' Eastern; 16@
16% c; store Eggs, 12@15c for poor and 16@17%c
for good; ranch Eggs, °-o@24c; cold-storage ranch,
17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16®17c,
POULTRY AND GAME.
- POULTRY— Ducks continue unsalable. Live
Turkeys, 13®i4c $ tt> for Gobblers, 12@13c for
Hens: young ; Turkeys, i 15@17c: 1 Geese, v pair,
— ; Goslings, $I@l 50; Ducks,' $2 50(33 * dozen
for old and $2 1 60@4 for • young; i Hens. $3 50®
4 50: Boosters, young, $4@4 50; do, old. $4@4 60;
Fryers, ?3 50<&4; Broilers, *2 60&3 lor Urge ana
$1 50@2 foi small; Pigeons, $1 26®1 60 ¥ dozen
for young and old.
GAME— Nominal. -. ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
; ORCHARD FRUITS—
■ Business was very doll yesterday and arrivals
were neglected. -
Red Nectarines, 45©75 c; White. 25@50c "$ box
and $20 ton. • - .- * -•;-
Peaches, 20@50c fi bx, 30@50c » basket; $12 60
@20 $ ton for frees and $25@30 for clings. --jsaWHUf
- Plums. 20@40c 9 box and 35@60c * crate;
White In bulk, $10@20 1* ton; colored are not want
ed by the ; canners; Japanese Plums, 25@40c;
Prunes, 30@&0c.
Apples, 75c@$l <& box for choice and 40@60c
for common. ■■■
Crabapples, 20@40c ft box. «_.— *,
Pears, 20®40c f, box; Bartletts, 20®50c V box
and $14@16 '?, ton ' ' '
Figs, 25@40c %».dox for white and 85c@$l 25 for
black, double layers.
BERRIES—. •
Strawberries, $3@4 f( chest for Longwor 's and
$1 50® ■• for large berries.
Raspberries, $3 50@5 1> chest
Blackberries, 2@3 » chest.
v; Huckleberries. e@Bc » a». :
GRAPES— Black varieties and Muscats are In
slender receipt and firm. Black . Grapes, 40®
75c $ box and 60@75c f, crate: Muscats, 60@65c
1* box and 75@85c %> crate: Sweetwaters and Fon
talnebleaux, 25@50c f> box and 36@60c 3 crate.
MELONS— Values continue to weaken. Water
melons, *6@12 60 5* 100: Cantaloupes, 75c@$2 *
crate; Nutmegs, 75c@$l i* box.
CITRUS J-RLITS--Oranges, $2@3 50 » box for
i Valencias and $2 50@3 fi box for Mediterranean
! Sweets: Lemons, SI bO@'i 60 V box for common
and $3@3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$6 50 %4 box: California Limes, 75c@$l: Bananas,
*I@2 * bunch; Pineapples, $2@B 60 "# dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload lots— New Apricots, 6@6i4c in sweat
box, 6@6%c 9 lb f. o. b. coast and B@9c for fancy
Moorparks. Old Prunes. 3c: new Prunes, S(O)'SVac;
new Peaches, 4%c '$ lb in the sweat-box and 6c f.
o. b. coast. :-c
Jobbing Prices— New Apricots, 5y 2 / 4 c: old
evaporated Apples. 4 Vic f, lb; old Prunes, 3c for
four sizes; Fins, black, 3y 2 c; White Figs, 3@sc 3
lb: Plums, 3%@4c for pitted and l@l%c for un»
pitted- Nectarines, 4@sc '<§> lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: . Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c "$ lb; seedless Saltanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, I 3 ,ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c $ box; clusters, $1 36@1 50; Dehesaclus
ters, $2 10@2 25: Imperial cl usters, $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown, loose, 41/4 C: s
crown, 3»/ic; 2-crown, 33/gC ty lb. seedless Sul
tanas, 4c {) lb; seedless .Muscatels, 8c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: -clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; Imperial clusters. $2 75.
Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9®
He for No. 1 hard and ll@l3cH tb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, «@7y 2 c $ lb for Lan
guedoc, 2%®3c Tfr lb for hardshell ana H@loc
%* lb for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts,- s@(iy 2 c
%i tb for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, '7@Bc * lb:
Cocoannts, $4@5 » 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@syaC:
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark amber, 4®
41/4 C; dark, 2@3c » lb.
BEESWAX-25@27%c 9 lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is Quotable at 6y 8 c
for heavy, 7%c ft lb for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
curea; Eastern .Susar-cured Hams, 12(512i /^c:
California Hams, jU@llc « It>: Mess Beef, $7
(£8; extra mess do, $8; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B®B 60; extra clear, $18 * bbl;
mess. $11 60@12 > bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %* lb. '
I LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 4 Vic %< lb
for compound and sVic for pure; pails, be ft lb;
California tierces, 4% c for compound and 6y c lor
pure: half-bbls, 6&4 C; 10-tt> tins, 6Vic; do 6-tb,
6%c f, 0). .
COTTOLENE— Sy 2 @5%c in tierces and 6Vi®
6%c %* lb in 10- lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers,
7c; culls and brands,. 6c: medium, 6c; culls and
brands, 5c ~$ itr. light, 41/2(3 sc: culls and brands,
»c: Cowhides, 4@sc; culls and brands, 4@4!/ac;
salted Kip, 5c i* It; salteaCalf, 6@7c; salted Veal,
5(a.6c: dry Hides, 10@10y 2 c; culls and brands, 7®
7y c; dry Kip and Veal, B@9c: culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20(5)35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@27%c; medium. 15@
2ii/ 3 c: winter, 7@loc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 10©
15c each; short wool, 20@36c each; medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, sO(g,tiOc each. Culls of till
kinds about y 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 2Va@3c; No. 2,
2V4C: refined, 2 c; Grease. 2c ft tb.
WOOL— Htimboldt and Mendocmo, 10@l lc ft lb:
Valley Oregon, 10@llc: do lower grades, B@lUc 9
Itt- Nevada, B@«t%c: San Joaquln and south
ern Coast, six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin, foot
hill, good to choice, 6V^@7^c;San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@sy a c; northern true, 7<£9c; do defec
tive. s@sy 2 c 3 lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 2@4c f. lb for 189b and ti@
7%c for 1898. ■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. $4 26: San Quen
tln, $4 20; Wool Bags, '. > 4%®26%c -■ ■ ■
COAL— Wellington. $8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 f. ton; Sonthfleld Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
beattle, $o@s 00: Bryant. $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend. $7: Scotch, $7 50; llrvmbo, $7 60;
Cumberland, $13 50 y. ton in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 pi ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; . CanneU $7 60: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7»C0: COKe.
$11@1-/ In bulk and $13 "$ ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refining company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
! Powdered, 58/gC: Fine Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, i*4c; Confectioners' A. 48ic; Magnolia A,
415 »c; Extra C, 4 Vie; Golden C, 4' g ■; half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: -
BEEF— First quality, 4%@5c; second do, 4®
41/40; third do, 3y 3 c %» lb. ".',.*■'.
VEAL— Large, 4@6c; small, 6@6c 9 lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, a ®sc; Ewes, 4@4%c
f, lb.
LAMB— * tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3c V! lb for large and 3y a c
for small and medium: dressed do, 4i4@5%c "¥ Tb
RECEIPTS OF PKODUCE.
fob 24 Horns.
Flour.qrsks .... B,oS4|Middlings, sks._ 1,090
Washington.. 2,030 Hay, torn* 99b
Wheat.ctls 138,258: Straw, tons 20
Barley, ctU 67,05;« Butter, ctls 239
(HUM, ells 1, .'."1 I '1,,.,. .;,.. CtH 44
Washington.... 2,l3o!Eggs, dor, 11,130
Corn, cils 2,412 Hides, no 242
Rye. ctls. 'J7O Pelts, bd ls 3,252
Beans, sks S.OOO Wine, gals 37,100
Potatoes, sks.... 6.504 1 Wool, bis 44
Onions, sks 780' Tallow. ctls. 23
Bran, sks l,9lliLime. bbls 120
Washington... lOOLeatber, r0115.... 113
THE STOCK MARKET,
The highest prices for mining shares yesterday
were a few cents below those of Saturday, with
one or two exceptions, and business continued
light. Ihe close was weak, at a further decline.
On the Bond Exchange Spring Valley Water
and Pacific Gas Improvement were ex-dividend.
The contract made eighteen months ago be
tween the Holmes Mining Company of Oandelaria,
Nev.. andCrrin B. Peck of Chicago, for the sale to
the latter of some 500.000 tons of tailings, at 60
cents per ton net, gold coin, is now being consum
mated. The terms of the payment to the Holmes
Company of about $250,000 for the tailings were
completed and ratified at a meeting of the di
rectors of that company yesterday.
Additional reports from the Comstock are as
follows: In the Uphir mine, on the 1000 level,
west crosscut 1, 360 feet south of the shuft sta
tion, is lv 5 10 feet. The face is In porphyry and
clay seams with lines of quartz, the latter assaying
50 cents and $1 per ton. In the old Central tunnel
workings of the Ophir the openings upward and
northwestward from the old Mexican shaft ore
chiefly lv porphyry and quartz, the latter assaying
$1 to $2 per ton. In the Mexican mine, on t)>e
1000 level, west crosscut 1 .from the north drift,
230 feel north of the south boundary. Is In 650
feet. The face Is In hard porphyry, carrying clay
seams and vein matter of low assay value.
In the Hale <S Norcross mine, on the 900-foot
level, the upraise in the north drift 154 feet from
the station has been carried up one set above the
sill floor. The top Is in porphyry. There is a
small streak of pay in the west side of the upraise.
Have been working north from this upraise on the
sill floor on a small streak of ore, from which they
saved last wee* four carloads of ore assaying $146
in gold and 621/2 ounces of silver per ton.
The Occidental Consolidated weekly letter re
ports soft vein matter in the 560 level workings,
low-grade ore in the south drift from tl»e west cross
cut on the 750 level and 2 feet of fair-grade ore in
the bottom of the winze, down 19 feet below the
sill floor of the 750 level.
'Ihe Man Francisco Gaslight Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 36 cents i>er share,
payable Augus; 15.
Consolidated California <£ Virginia, Best
& Belchkh and Gouijo & Cobby (Brunswick
lode workings)— Shaft 2— This shaft waß sunk 5
feet on the incline; total depth 307 feet; bottom In
hard porphyry. 150 level— The main south drift,
started from east crosscut 1, was extended 7 feet,
total leng'.h 121 feet; face in porphyry and
stringers of quartx. Gould & < urry tunnel— The
west crosscut started In tunnel 860 feet from Us
mouth was advanced 15 feet, total length 29 feet;
face in porphyry. East crosscut started at same
point as wesi crosscut was advanced 16 feet;
total length 30 feet; face in porphyry.
Halk <fe Nobcross (Brunswick lode workings)—
Shaft I— The shaft has been sunk 13 feet on the
incline, passing through porphyry, clay and quartz:
total depth, 661 feet. 300 level— Advanced the
main north drift from the station 44 feet, total
length 181 feet; face is in porphyry and stringers
of quartz. Have also timbered 70 feet of this drUt
the past week. No work was done in east cross
cut from south drift.
cuoi.i.Aß (Brunswick lode workings)— Shaft 1
has been sunk 13 feet on the incline and is n"W
down 651 feet. The bottom is in the foot wall, with
the tool wall ciay exposed in the roof. 200 level —
The south drift on this level has been driven 35
feet during the past week and is now out a total
distance from the north line of 229 feet. The face
Is in vein porphyry.
300 level-The south drift on this level has
been extended 17 feet for the week, and is now
out 121 feet couth from the north line. During
the week the ore reported In the last official letter
widened to a width of 6 feet, or the entire width
of the drift, the car samples from the rock saved
running from $29 to $40 per ton, of which one-half
was gold. Yesterday (August 7) a bunch of por
phyry came into the face, cutting the ore off on
the west side but leavlnir a width on the east side,
which is now exposed, varying from 10 to 15
inches of ore that will assay from $75 to $150 per
ton. The west side of the face is in porphyry, with
clay seams and small streaK3 of auartz through it.
In extending the drift, they have saved 35 minim;
carloads of ore, of which 16 tons and 300 pounds
have been hauled to the Nevada mill for reduction,
the average car sample of which was $30 72 per
ton, of which $16 25 was gold.
i;UAi.i' >ALIi 3.
Following were the. sales In the Ban Francisco
Stock Board yesterday : : . -
kksitlar mob>ttn-« sufwrfif mvvitvrnff 9:30.
100 Belcher... 32 600 C Imp ....02 600 Savae.~..67
300 ..-; 31 100 H<JSN._I.26 600 Nev....61
650 BAB .'9B 50 0ph1r... 1.05 ...62
&00 8u11i0n.. . 18 SOO Ovrmn....lß|loo ...... .......63
100 Conn......9b|lOUPoto»L.. 1.051100 Uni0n.. ..44
AFTKRNOON BIMIOS- 2:11.
100 Alpha.. .-07 100 Ch0ir.. .2.35 100 0ph1r.. .1.00
400 Blcher....Soloo Conn 94 200 F0t051...1.05
400 B & 8....96 100 G&C......66 100 Seg 86L..10
200 ........... 95600 H&N... 1.26 200 8 ......60
200 8u11i0n. .. 17 400 0cc1dt1.... 70 100 Uni0n.. ..41
100Bulwer...27U0U 69100 V Jaciu...3s
Following were We sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday
KtllPt.^R Hwq'ov-Tlfi.
100 A10ha. ...'.08 150 CCV.1.77% & 0ccd—...60
201) All*. .09 50 Conn... 1.00 300 ...;...... .64
100 Andes.... 31 100 Crwn P1...85 300 ...........72
200 Belcner...S2V!oo Exchqr....O4 600 Potosl.o7Va
400 B <&£..... .97 300 0&C...... 67 300 3av..:....68
300 8u11i0n.... 17 H<feN.... 1.25 500 Scorpion..o6
200 Caleda. ..12 100 ...... 1.27y 2 200 58AM....10
160 Chalng... 37 500 Justice. ...o63oo 8NV......52
100 Choir.... 36 20J Mexn 57 300 Union C.44
400 ...... 2.42% 160 0ph1r.. .1.05 200 Utah .....09
1000 2.45 700 0vrmn.... 18400 i" JMKM..36
100 ..........2.40 I
• AFTERNOON' SFSBIOW— 3: HI.
400 A10ha... .'.071100 C V.....03 100 0ph1r.. ...98
100 AIM. ...... 10 150 CCV.1.77% 200 Overman. 18
200 Andes... .3o 50 1.72 V 2 250 Potosl.o7y 3
500 Belcher.. 30200 ........ 1.70 lUO .........1.06
300 ...;.. ......27 600 C P0tnt....35|200 .... ..1.02W.
21)0 B<tß 96:^00 G&C 67 400 1.00
400 '.. ......... f<5!200 63200 Save 68
iIOO 93 150 H<ftiSl.27y2lloo 67
100 ...........92200 .........1.26 200 ............66
200...... 91 200 Kentck....O6 100 62
100 Bodle 47 200 ...... 57 300 884J1...10
200 Bullion... 16 200 ............64 200 a Kt...... 52
100 8u1wer~..27 100 Mono 17100 48
100 Change. ..39 100 Occd 70500 811 HM....02
100 ........:. 38 400 69 200 Uni0n..... 44 :
150 Ch0ir... .2% 100 67100 ............45
200......... 2.31; 200 ...... 66 100 ............40
300 2. 27% 200 .....:.....6412UU V Jc1t1.. . . 36
100 C0nf1... .1.00 100 Ophir 1.02 200 33
60 ...9J 200 ........ 1.001
tLOMMi QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, August 10-4 P. , r .
£Id.A»ked.\ Bid. A iked.
Alpha Con. ... 06 07 Jackson 25 —
Alta... 10 HJnlla — 08
Andes. 30 31Ju5t1ce......... 05 06
8e1cher..;..... 27 28 Kemuek. 05 06
Best & Belcher 90 92! Lady Wash.... — 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican 65 56
Bodie .........' 43 —M0n0.;........" 16 —
Bullion 15 17 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. 26 — North G & 0.. 07 —
Caledonia. 11 —Occidental..... 60 64
Ch011ar. ....... 2.25 2.30 Ophir. 97 99
C0n.Ca1&Va...1.70 1.75 Overman- 16 18
Challenge Con. 38 39 Potosl LOO 1.05
Con. Imperial. 01 VI savage 63 64
Confidence 93 —Scorpion 06 07
Con New York 04 - seg. Belcher... 10 11
Crown Point... 33 35 Syndicate — 04
EastSlerraNev — C 4 silver Hi 11.... — 03
Eureka Con ... — 26 Sierra Nevada, 48 49
Kxcheauer .... 04 05 Union Con 40 41
Goula&Curry. 63 64 Utah........... 08 10
JU.ale<&Norcrs.l.2s 1.30 Yellow Jacket. 32 33
GOLD MIKING . EXCHANGE.
Champion 400 Lock wood Con. 30
Asked 22 601200 31
Edna Providence
Asked 35 Asked 80 00
Grant 1100 Savannah „ 48
Asked 40|100 47
Keystone. 100  46
Bid 05 00100 sebastopol...... 46
Kennedy ,200 46
Bid 10 00 Thorpe
Asked HOOBid 65
i! 00 Lock wood Con. 2»iAsked 80
" ' ' LOCAL SECUBITIKS.
Asked San Francisco Gas 88 00
Bid Spring Valley Water.. „ 95 60
'■ bIOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Aug. 10-3 P. v.
rNMTKn STATUS BONOS. •
Rut. Atked. Sid. Asked.
I's 4sconp..lOS — US4sre«... — 107%
Do new lssuelll% —
UISCKLLANEOtrs TION-IM.
Cal-stCbless.lO9 112 Pacßoll M6s. - _
Cal Elect. 6s - 123 Do 2d Is 65... — _
CntraCWSs - 94 i' ft Oily 6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp — 99 P<fcChßy6s. — 112
Kdsn LAP 6sl Pwl-stRR6s. — 116*-%
FACHRU6S. - 105 Reno, Wix&L — 105
Geary-stRSs. — 10~y 2 Kacto P& L. — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 99 ]SK<tNPRSs. — 98
DoUateed6s — 100% SPRRArIz6s — — •
Mkt-stCble6sl2o 122% SPRUCaI6s. — 110%
DoKyConsa..lol%lo3 iSPRRCaI 6s. — —
NatVin6slst 96 — 6PBrRCaIBs. — 9914
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 SVWater6s..llßß4ll9Vi
NPCRR6*. - 108 BVWat*r4s.. 971/4 98
N RyCal6s. — 101 StktnG<&E6s — 100
NRyCalss. — 100 SunsiT&Tßs. — —
Oak Gas 55. .102 — Sutier-stßsa. _ 111
UoUdla6s.. — 106 VisallaWCti* — —
Omnibus 117 ll!"..i .
WAT KB STOCKS.'
Contra Costa — 40 |San J05e..... — —
Marln C 0.... 60 — |Sprng Valley 9&14 95%
r- AS STOCKS.
Capital....... — 30 PaciHc Lleht — 49%
Central 95 — San Francsco :87 • 87%
OakGL&S 52 — btockton..... — 20
Pac Uaslmp. 7 — .83 '
INSURANCE STOCKS. > • i
Flreman'sFdl6o — |Sun ........ .25- 60
COMHXECIAL BANK STOCKS. ;
AmerBATC. — — LondonP&A. 125 127 .
Anglo-Cal.:.. — 68 LondonASF. — 27% ;
Bank of Cat.. — 235 Merch Ex... 13 — -
Cal S D&TColll - Nevada - , — '■■-
FlrstNailont , — IBS Sather B Co. . — . . ' — i
. . SAVITfOS kui'K STOCKS.
OerSALCo. 1210 ISSO . Sav<& Loan.. : — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 225 276
Mutual — i 40 Union Trust. 7 so' —
- Bl'SavUnlon — 486 .
STREET RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 109 lOakSL&Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 iPresldlo ."...' 7 '■ —
Marke^su... ; -40Vs 40%Sutter-5t....« — —
' ' ' fOWSKK STOCKS. ,
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon.... 16 17 .
Eastern D... 70 . — Judson D.... — —
California.... 70 — ' 'Vigorit. — 95c
.' ," .. ..'.' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. .
Alaska Pkrs.' 91 - Nat Vln C 0... — ' . — t
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — ' 33
Cal Dot Mills — — A nx FA 1' '—-' •
Edison Light - 112 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 85 — Part FaintCo 6% 7%
HawC&SCa. 16 17% PacTransCO. — 24
Hutch S PCo 19V4 19% Pac T<tT Co. 70 80 .
MerEx Assn. 100 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MElee Light — 4% United C Co. — 26
' .. BAI.ES-MORMN'I BJESSIO.-f. .
' Board—
35 8 Gaslight..... 88 00
SALiiS — AFTKRNOOX SESStOX.
Board— " ,'■ »■■■.' ■ .
25 Hutchinson P C 0..... 19 60
100- ■ do: d 0.530.. 19 37%
60 8 F Gaslight...... 87 50
10 3 V Water/.... '. 95 37%
85 do do ' 86 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick H. McVey to Mary A. and Kate F. Mc-
Vey, lot on N line of , Fell street, 137:6 W of
Gougli, W 30 by N 120: gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Gough street, 60
S of Fulton. 8 27:6 by W 87:6: gift.
Same to same, lot on s\V corner of . Scott and
Pine streets, S 82:6 by W 82:6: gift.
■ Henry Arey to John W. Pearson Jr., lot on NW
corner of Fulton and Devlsadero streets, W 137:6,
N 63:1 V : thence X to W line of Devisadero street,
117:11%.N of Fulton, S 117:11%: $10.
Alice M. Pearson to same, same; $200. -
Katie A. Mcßride and Kiltie A. Knightly to
Sarah, Theresa, Bertram: and Matilda Cerf, lot on
s\V corner of Potter street, 116 UK of Market, SE
50 by 75:11: $10. ■ .-■ .
P. J. Cummins to Jeremiah and Catherine Mc-
Carthy, lot on E line of Lexington avenue (Steven
son street), 210 N of Nineteenth, thence along
Lexington avenue 26, E 80. N 25, VV 80; $10.
.■■' Marie Frahm ' to Antonie M. M. and Louis A. CL
Frahm. undivided half of lot on W line -of Noe
street, 76 N of Fifteenth, N 26 by W 96: $10.
Louisa Breeze to George F. and Dura Buck, lot
on NW corner of Twenty-fifth ' and York streets,
VV 50 by N 104; $10. ..
Fred Franks and Edward P. Gray to Daniel Mc-
Neil, lot on N line of Bay street. 206:3 E of
Leavenworth, N 76.54, SE 99.60. W, 33.73; also
lot beeinntng. 137:6 V\ of Jones and 137:6 Not
Bay, 18.51. NW 23.90. X 15 41; also lot on W
line of Ninth avenue, 125 N of L street, N 25 by W
120: $5. > ; ...•..■..-■■".,
: Henry M. and George E. M. Corthay to Charles
W. Corthay, lot on .W ■ line •of Leaven worth
street, 68:9 N of O'Farrell, N 30:9 by W 137:6 ;
$1. -.■:■■---■-•-• :..--. ■■ -.■■■: '<;■ ■-. ■'■ ■- '=•••:-'--■:.■■••,. :■ -
Elizabeth L. Moynihan (wife of John A.) :to
Charles and Catha Hechmelster, lot on SE line
of Perry street, 325 SW of Third, SW. 25 by SE
80; $10. ■•.•'-:■■'
Mary A. Betger to Joseph P. Rlley. lot on W line
of Laneton (Hitter) street, 100 S of Harrison. W
75 by 8 25; $3000. -■■.'.- p / -: v :
James H. and ' Kate Wells and Mary Murdock to
James ■ Murdock, t lot on -- NW line ■ of •- Tetiama
street, 145 BW of Eighth, SW 20 by NW 75: $5. ■
James Murdock to Frank E. Sippel, same: «10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to William Ter
rill, lot on W line of Kansas street, 125 N of Twen
ty-flfth (Yolo). N2sby W 100; $10. r : . •
' Same to Thomas Kenealey and Annie Flaherty,
lot son W line of Kansas street. 160 N of Twenty
fifth (Yolo), N 26 by.W 100 $10. :: '■ - '
'.; San Francisco Land Company to Peter. C. N.
and Carrie Nielsen, lot on N W corner of California
street and Tenth avenue, W 32:6 by 100; $10,
;• George F. and Dora Buck ito i Louisa • Breeze, lot
on E line of Seventh avenue, 125 Sof California
street, s 25 by E 120; $10. ■■•:■•■■.- > ■ '
v Alice Griffin to Annie L. Wright, lot | on SW cor
ner of Forty-tai d avenue and N street, S 100 by
W 48; $10. ■.*;>■■■-■*-•:. -.-;■ .:■■-■.".• :■■■:■■- -?;^ ■■• ,- •; ■
'■■■■ Ellis and f Annie M. Tyrrell nee Spiegel) to E. J.
Lloyd, lot In block 10, Sunnyslde Tract: $10.-i
--■ \ Bridget Maloney i to Christiana > Casserly, lot on
KW line of Huron avenue, 265 WE of Sickles, NE
50 by NW 106. lots 30 and 31, block 9%, Sears
subdivision, WectEnd, Map 2; gift.
Salomon and Emma Ducas to Fred C. and Eliza
beth M. Douglass, lot on S line of Crescent avenue.
60Wof Roscoe street, W 63:10y 2 , S 84 deg 48
min— 7s:6. E 47:1, N 76, portion of lots 1, 2 and
3, Holiday Map A; $10.
Louis and Isabella Wertheimer to Sarah, Ther
esa, Bertram and Matilda Cerf, lot on » line of
Sixteenth street, 125 W of Castro, W 25 by S 100,
block 14, Flint Tract; $10.
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Anna L. Par
cells, lot on W line of Webster street, 100 N of
Durant. N 75 by W 150. being a portion of tracts
272 and 273, Oakland; $10.
C. E. and Alice G. White, E. P ana Vivian P.
Vandercock to Union Savings Bank, lots 1 to 7,
block 1, map of East Oakland Heights, East Oak
land; $10.
Anna M. Conkllngto Jos. Watkins. lot 33, block
B, map of subdivision of block B and portion of
block A, Vernon Park, Oakland Township: $10.
John P. and Phoebe A. Henry to Melville Q.
Baker, lot on S line of Taylor street, 100 E of Camp
bell, a 28 by S 120, being lot 13, block 698, map of
survey No. 1166, made for John Ziegenbein, Oak
laud; $10.
lid ward G. Rhodes to Mary L., E. G. and James
H. Rhodes, lot 28, block 465. Gibbons property at
Oakland Point, Oakland; gift.
Emilie Clausen to Charles E. Clausen, lot on N
line of Prince street, 183:4 W of Calais, W 66:8 by
N 135, Berkeley; $10.
M. J. R. and Tillie Mohr to A. Olsen, lot on W
line of Sixth street, 202:6 N of Jones, W 180. S 25,
E to a point, S 10 inches, X 20 inches, N 10 inches,
E to W line of Sixtn, N 25 to beginning, being lot
14 and portion of lot 15, block 46, Tract B, Berke
ley Land und Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley ; $10.
H. C. Morris to Susie T. Dickele. lot on E line of
San Leandro road, 166 S of Bay View avenue, S
50 by E 150, being lot 6, block 3, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edmund and Alice V. Hathaway to Paul J. and
Jensine Weber, beginning at a point on N line
20 of private road, distant XL 12.354 chains
from X line of lands of Beckman and NW 20 from
N line of lands of Pestdorf, thence NE 3.436
chains, NW 14.65 chains, SW 3.436 chains, SE
14.55 chains to beginning, Eden Township; also
right of way S2O wide by 40 chains In length, ex
tending from E line of lands of Beckman and
along N Hue of lands of Prestdorf, Eden Town
ship; $10.
Simona Higuera to George C. Turner, beginning
at NX corner of lands of Turner, thence sW 200
to lands of Nusbaumer, thence NW 127.80, NE
2UO to county road of Sunol to Pleasanton, thence
8E 127.80 to beginning, Murray TovvnshiD; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna McGinn with J. J. Manseau, to erect a
two-story frame building on NW corner Kills and
Pierce streets: H. Geilfuss. architect; $5255.
Spring Valley Water Works with John Mc-
Carthy, to erect a six-story brick and stone build
ing on SE corner Geary and Stockton streets, E
13H:8s/ 8 by S 137:6; Clinton Day, architect;
189,716.
Bertha and Ernest Kriske with I* Cereghino, to
erect a one-story building on E line of Iremont
street, 521 S of Frederick- architect, none; $1150.
Olive A. Harper with E. Cox. to erect a two-story
building on t, line of Howard street, 335:9 S of
Twenty-fifth: C. J. Colley, architect; $3660.
How a Wheelwoman Saved Herself.
A younar society woman of Cheater who
is a bicycle enthusiast had a startling ex
perience at Ridley Park last evening. She
was with a party of frends when sudden
ly round a corner a horse and carriage ap
peared within a few feet of her. The
bicycle ran plump into the horse, the front
wheel of the bicycle passing between the
animal's foreleus. Thoroughly frightened,
but with an impulsive movement, the fair
rider threw up her arms, clasping the
horse's neck and holding on liKe death.
Her friends thought to see her crushed to
death, but fortunately the horse did not
scare, or maybe he appreciated the sudden
but fond embrace. At any rate tne cyclist
was soon extricated from herembarrassing
position.— Philadelphia Record.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1896
Su.
2
Mo.
Tu. W.
ih.
tr. Ha. j Moon's .Phases
1 (^ Last Quarter.
August 1.
7 8 &\ :s>w Moou.
AU?UBt 8.
S
10
4 5
11 12
18 19
25 ■-!>;
6
13
- :
14 15 /-ftFlrst Quarter
V«i/ August 15.
21 22
/a Full Moon.
' \ysJ August 22.
28 29 j : ■
| /^Miast Quarter.
i^ Augnat 31
16
17
20
:
II
24
27
30
OCEAN STEAMERS
Datea of Departure From San Franclico.
State of Cal. Portland...;..: Aug 11.10 am I Pier "24
Coos 8ay.... ttmroort -.:;-.; Augll. 8a Pier 11 .
CmatlUa....' Vie A I'm and Augl2, 9am i'lecj
Corona.. .-.;■. San Diego AuglS.llAM Plerll-
P0m0na..... riumboldißav Aug 13. 2n Pler3
Empire..... Ore*on ports . Auk 14. bvw Pier 13
Araco ...... Coot hit..:... Aurls.lUaii Pier 13
JT*ralion... \nquln» bay.. Au?ls, 9am Pier 2
EnrvKa .... N«woors ':..;/. Autils, Dam Pier ll
Weeocc...:. Kel Kiver Auglo. Bpm Pier 13
Columbia... Portland ...... iAugI6.IOAM I'l.-r _'*
Pern China Japan Aug 17. 3pm PM S3
CltyPuebla.. Vie & P«t sno Aug 17. Bam Pier 9
i^anta Rosa. iSan Diego A uz 17 Ham Pier 11
City of Para ! Panama ....... I Atig)B. 3pm , PMS 8
m i;a)ii;ks to akkive.
Mackinaw ......
C0r0na..........
Empire........;.
San J05e. ........
North Fortt
Arazo. ..'...'.
romona.... ';....
Columola
Farallon .......
Eureka
1 11 of i'ueDia..
Craicent City.'..
C0ptic...........
Wee0tt.. ........
City of Para....
■antaKoaa. ....
Proereao.
Alice Blancnard
Arcata ...:.
Del None..
Aenpn1c0........
Walla Wa11a....
State of Ca 1 .....
'lßcoma
San Diego.
Portland :.....
Central America
Hum bold t Bay ..........
Coos Bar..
Hamboias urt.
Portland
Vaanlna bay ...... ....—
Newport.....:. ;..
Victoria <£ Pages Houna
Crescent C1tr_ ..........
China and Japan . ... ....
l-:«l Kiver
Panama.....
Han .Uiecot. -«
Seattle
Portland
P0rt1and..,......;.......
Grays HarDor.. ....
Panama.;.............'...
Victoria Pacet Houna
Portland :..
..Aug 11
..Augll
..Aug 11
..Augll
..Aug 12
..Aug 12
..Aus 12
..Aug 13
..Aim 13
.AUg IS
..AUg 13
..Aug 13
..Aus 14
..AUg 14
..Aug 15
..Aug 15
..Aug 16
..Aug 17
..Aug 17
..Aug 17
..Aug 18
..Aug 18
..Ansr 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
. r f.' Coast awd gbodbtio bttrvky Trnß )
BtJIXKTIW POBLISKKD BT OFFICIAL V
' APTHOBITV OF THK SUPKBIXTK^DBXT. )
Tuesday, August 11.
Sunrises... 6.21 1 Moon rises
Sunsets 7.07|M00u sets 8.22pm
- August— lß96.
> Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet Time Fe«t
2 H~W : 1, W H W I, W|
IT
11
13
14
15
16
0.311 5.7 1 ¥.001 O.i OS 6.5 7.21 177
1.37 6.3 7.44 0.7 2.12 5.6 8.18 1.4
2.25 4.9 8.22 1.3 2.47 6.7 9.11 1.0
3.38 4.5 9.05 1.9 329 5.7 10.22 0.7
513 4.1 9.51 2.6 417 6> 11.40 0.4
6.64 3.9 10.47 3.1 5.18 6.9
LWHW L « H W
0.55 0.0 8.22 4.0.12.00, 3.6 6.24 6.9
17
Non-In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and tbe successive tides bf the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives th« second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere axe bnt three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tb*
height, and then the number given is subtractlr*
from the depth eiven by fhe charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hydrosbaphic Optick, V. S. N., •*
Merchants' Kxchanok. i-
San Fbancibco. August 10. 1893. )
The time ball on Teleerapn Hlh was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. v., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtiler,
I.pntenant V. s N. in eh Tga.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
MONDAY. August 10. '
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. 18 hours from Cleone;
rr ties, to L E White Lumber Co. / • .■*..-'
Stmr Excelsior, H:gs;ins. hours from San
Diego; ballast, to C A Hooper <fc Co. • ■ =• >
Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen, 37 days from Kahu
lui: 6490 bags sugar, to Alexander Baldwin.
beared.
- ■• MONDAY, August 10.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro: Goodall, Per-'
kins & Co. ;■ : . •
' Stmr Mineola, Plllsbury, Comox ; Pacific Imp Co.
; Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Uood
all, Perkins & Co. : - ,  «
■ stmr Yaqulna, Jessen, Seattle; Goodall, Perkins
& Co. - ,"*"ii iQJß*tWtr^ l 'ttMLßn"-WljlKltM])ll.|Tr'' HIH^KSIB
■ Ship ; Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanalmo:
R Dunsmulr & Sons. •,'• -•■:
bark^Carleton, Lowe, Brisbane; Williams,
Brown & Co. . .
' Br bark Orion, Croudace, Ipswich; Girvin, Bald
win & Eyre. : , . .
Sailed.
_„ ■■• o , MONDAY. August 10. ■■".
• . Btmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor. : -
, Stmr Alcatraz. Walvlg, : Yaquina Bay.
Btmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay. . .-• .'
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson,' Mentloclno.
• : Stmr Weeott. Whitney, Eel River. ■
Stmr Yaquina. Jessen, Seattle.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson. Eureka.
. Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Orion, Anderson. r.
i<■ graph io. ";.
POINT LOBOS. Aueust 10— 10 >. ie— Weather
foggy : wind 8 W:, velocity. 12 miles. ?>
■"',*"'..i;tf' Charters/,- : '..'.■■'.'■..■■■"
The fir ship Afghanistan loads mdse for Liver
i pool; Br ship Wasdale, mdse for London ;Nlc bark
Leon, lumber for Melbourne or Freemantle,' lamp
sum. . •■;*=, •-
The Br stmr Cedar Branch was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat or barley to St Vincent, 2?B
6d*
The Br ship St Mungo is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 26s 9d; Br ship Ventura, 28s-ls 3d less
Miscellaneous.
The arrival of the Haw schr Honolulu at ValDa
rai<o on Aug 4is an error. She has not yet been
heard from.
kronen.
July 13-6 532 W, ship Cyrus Wakerield, from
Baltimore for San Francisco.
Per stmr Geo Loom is at Ventura— Off i»olnt Con
ception, Ger bark showing signals RJ B T sup
posed to be the Ger bark Artemis, from Hambure
for Port Los Angeles. fc
Domestic Port*.
TATOOSH— Passed In Aug 9-Schr W H Talbot
from Kobe, for Puget Sound.
Passed out Aug 10— Nor Peter Jebsen.from.
Nanaimo for San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Aug 10-Stmr Faral
lon, hence Aug 6 via Eureka.
WOOD- Arrived An* 10-Stmr Whites
boro. hence Aug 9-
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr G Loomis
hence Aug 9.
Sailed --*tmr Geo Loomls. for San Francisco
PORT TOWN SEND— Aue 10-Schr W
H Ta bot, from Kobe. '■
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Chat
Hansen, from Kodlak.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug — itmr Tillamook.
Sailed Aug 10— Schr Joseph Russ, for Port Gam
ble.
ASTORIA-Salled Aug 10-Schr Webfoot, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 9-Bktn Gardiner City, hence July
26. Aug 10— Schr Halcyon, hence July 24.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 10-Stmr Arago,for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Pomona, hca
Aug 9.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Maxim, hence
Aug 9.
TACOM A— Arrived 7— Brshlp Dunsyre, fm
Port Los Angeles.
NEEDLE ROCK-Sailed Aug 10-Stmr Albion,
for San Francisco.
Eastern Forts,
NEW YORK-Cleared Aug 10-Bhlp E B But
ton, for San Francisco,
Foreign Port*.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 7-Btmr City of Pe
king, hence July 11.
HULL— Arrived Aug B— Br ship Bedfordshire,
from Oregon.
SWANstA— Sailed Aug 7— Ger ship C H Wat-
Jen, for ban Francisco.
WKSTPORT, N Z— Sailed June 26-Br bark
Gainsborough, for San Francisco.
To sail July Id— Bktn Mary Winkelman, for
San Francisco.
ACAJUTLA-Sailed Aug 7-Sohr Glendale, for
Puget Sound.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 10-Stmr Ethiopa,
from Glasgow.
BREMEKHAVEN— Arrived out Aug 10-Stmr
II II Meier.
AMSTERDAM — Arrived out Aug 8 — Stmr
Schiedam.
CHEKBOURG-Salled Aug 10— Stmr Aller, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr Fulda, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Ang B— Stmr Sorrento, for New
York.
LIZARD— Passed. Aug 10— Stmr Werkendam,
from New York for Rotterdam.
For Late Shipping Intflliii-nre See Fourteenth Page,
OCEAN TRAVEL. _
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM y*jC&«
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aa-HMEB
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Junean, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. it., s»pt. 11, 36.
For Vlcioria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- .
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wl atcom (rJelllnebam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. IL
Aug. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with' N. P. R. X., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold t Bay) Rtr. Pomona 2 p. m., aiij. 1, 5. 9. 13,
17. M1, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, &an Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 A. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 16, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For sap Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m. August 1. 5, 9, 13, "17, 21, 25, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R. o _cft3 IST.
ASTORIA AIiTPORTLAE
$0 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails July 27, August 6, 18
Biaw of California sails.. July 22, August 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
UOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Supts.
1". V. CONNOR, General A;ent.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, IW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. f| by
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. MONOWAI sails via '. HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, August 20,
at 2 p. m.
as. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU Only, Satut
day, August 29, at 10 a. M. Special party rates.
LinetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN:
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market si., San Francisco.
COM ME GENERAL TR.WSATL
French Line to Havre.
riOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH jswn
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■^SSyy
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smalt
boat. New Yors to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, lla.
LAGASCOGNE Aug. 22, 9 A. ST.
LA BRETAO August •-!), 3 A. K.
LA BOURGOGNE Sept. 5, 9 A. M.
LA NORMANDIK ....Sept. 12. 6 a. *.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 19, 7 A. M.
JB3T For fuither particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery .
avenue, San Francisco. ;
FLHT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINB >
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports.
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship. WM. H. MACT
Amesbury, Master. .
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper Ship..... A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates. \
For freight apply to FLINT * CO., 88 Broad
street, New York. __
Consignees In San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
<fe CO., 22 California street. ' ' i
WHITE jiTAR LIE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BETWEEN
■ New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING . KVKKI WJiJKK. •
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jsg^
V/.ing to steamer and accommodations CHK
selected; second cabin, $i . .>o andS4. 0: Majesuo
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. i CKP ";
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVKRY, Pacific Mail Dock, oral , th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Ho^^^^w^LETCH^^
ROYAL . MAIL STEAMJACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL yfrflt,,
fortnightly, for the West Indies and ;***■■
Southampton, calling en route at. CerbourKh,
France, and Plymouth to land Passengers.
• Through bills of lading, In ™nneouon "Kb. th«
Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for height and treaj-
are to direct ports in England and Germany.
. Through tickets from San Francisco to ' P^ mou
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195 third
class. Sal 50. ror^n^y^cutan^yto
MM r-.i.r,,rnia«t.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. M. Daily. : freight received up
■-.-, -. ■ to f.'.ii) P. itt'J'
; »a- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
~ STJSAMJSBs:
t c walker J. D. Peters.
Mary Gar?att, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Nay. and Impt. Co
U.S. lAff-lARDJIARE ISLJSD, YALLEJO, j
•Beniria. *P»rt fosta. *<rorkclt and *Valgna.
* ' STR. MOXTICFXLO,
Daily 10-30 a. M., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays ••10:30
■a. it) :-!-30p K. Sundays 8 p. it. only, Offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission so. - Telephone Blaclc
261 . , ' HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 p. V. trips only.
"'••» Excursion trip. Gives 5 hoars at Navy-yard.
FOR SAN JOSE; LOS A 1 OS & SASTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
Oat 10a. v. (Sundays excepted) ; Alviso daily at
Ir. m." (Saturdays excepted).; Freight and Paa>
senger. Fare between San Franciico and Alviso,
60c: to San Jose. 73c Clay " ■( P;er 1. W»'WOULD PUT THEM
OUT OF PAIN,
Dr. Wendte Believes in
Ending the Sufferings
of Incurables.
HIS SUNDAY SERMON.
Prominent Doctors and Clergy
men Discuss the
Subject.
SOME STARTLING STATEMENTS.
When a Man's Suff.rings Are Hopeless
He Should Be Quietly Put
to Sleep.
Oaklami Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Aug. 10. )
The sensational and unusual remarks of
Rer. Dr. Wendto regarding suicide and
the disposal by a humane death of lepers
and all who may be afflicted with incur
able diseases, has raised a turmoil of dis
cussion among ministers, doctors and
humanitarians. Throughout to-day it has
been a more prominent subject before the
public than local politics.
The remarks which caused such great
interest were made by Rev. Dr. Wendte in
his pulpit at the F.rst Unitarian Church
last night His subject was "The Hu
manitarian Spirit," and it at once gave
rise to a wide divergence of opinion among
the congregation. This was manifested
by the animated discussion which took
place on the subject in the pastor's Bible
class after morning service.
Dr. Burchard, Dr. Yon Adelung, Rev.
G. W. Allen, B. C. Cavellia, Rev. Joseph
Adams, Miss Elsie Sinclair and J. W.
Stetson toi k part in the discussion, and
the general verdict was that Dr. Wendte's
views needed much thought and delibera
tion before a positive opinion regarding
them could be pronounced.
At the request of The Call Dr. Wendte
has written out his remarks on the sub
ject, as his address was delivered from the
most meager of notes.
After a review of the moral ascent of
mankind from primitive and brutal
savagery to its present social refinement,
sympathy and tenderness toward all
forms of suffering, Mr. Wendte spoke of
the deplorable condition of the incurably
diseased, especially if also impoverished.
He urged the establishment of wards for
incurables in connection with all public
hospitals.
"But," he continued, "a step beyond
this is needed, and it is one which civil
ised society is about ready to take. I re
fer to the humane disposal of those who
nre suffering needless and cruel tortures
and whose death is inevitable. Why seek,
as now, to prolong their agonies? Why
exhaust the requires of' medical science
to keep them in misery ? Would it not be
a more Christian act to put them gently
out of pain? We mercifully end the life
of a suffering horse or dog whose restora
tion is impossible. Shall we be less merci
ful to our human kind than to tie brute
creation?
"But who is to take the responsibility
in such a case? Certainly not the medical
man. On the battle-field some latitude
may be allowable to him, and doubtless
many a poor shattered victim of sword
and bullet, whose recovery was impossible,
and whose further exposure to the pitiless
elements or the rude appliances of the
field hospital would have been a needless
cruelty, was humanely put to death by
the administration of a sleeping potion at
the hands of the wise and tender surgeon,
hut in the ordinary course of life no single
individual is to be entrusted with so grave
a responsibility.
"Shall we the continue as now, power
less to relieve the fearful suffering of to
many unfortunates, turning a deaf ear to
their entreaties and leaving them one re
source—suicide ?"
"Some time since an engineer was
hurled over a trestle and pinned under his
engine in the bed of a creek. He implored
the bystanders to shoot him and put an
end to his agony. In vain. At length the
rising tide, moie merciful than man,
pressed to his lips the blissful portion of
death. Was this refusal to relieve the
sufferer rigiit? Was it not cruel and un-
Christian?
"Under similar circumstances the vic
tims have been Known to c ammit suicide.
It is equally so where a wasting disease,
for which no earthly alleviation exists,
tortures our brother's frame and dooms
him to a hideous death. Snre'y in such a
case help and relief should be brought
him if he asks it at our hands.
"Twenty-five years or more ago an engi
neer of eminence in France, afflicted with
a terrible inherited disease, of which he
had seen his own father perish under
aggravated tortures, took his own life. In
his will he explained the motive of his
deed and left to the French Government a
large bequest for the establishment
of a commission on euthanasia. It
was to consist of a number of
medical men ana representatives of
the Government. To this tribunal was to
be submitted any petition for examina
tion ana release which might be sub
mitted by the incurably diseased and in
dorsed by their families. If they were
found incapable of recovery and sure to
endure great and needless agony, the com
mission was to be empowered to gently
and humanely put them out of suffering
and give them a release into a better
world. The French Government, largely
influenced, it was claimed, by clerical
counsels, declined to accept the trust.
"In this, I believe, itdid wrong. Though
I appreciate the difficulties attending the
matter, and what special danger to society
it may seem to carry with it, I yet believe
thai the time is rapidly approaching when
under proper safeguards euthanasia will
be considered eminently wise, humane
and Christian.
"God speed the day when men shall rid
themselves of theological and personal
prejudices and act as justice dictates and
me icy requires."
Mr. Wendte is the president of the
Alameda County Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty, which may in part account
for his interest in ihis matter.
The estimate of tbe yield of the potato
crop in Great Britain shows that on 533,000
acres a crop of 3,053,005 tons was secured,
against an almost exactly similar quantity
produced on much larger acreage— 7s3,ooo
acres in Ireland.
These Two Young Ladies Took First and Second Prize Respectively at the Oakland Exposition for
Pronouncing Most Distinctly the Words, "Alameda County Industrial Exposition."
LESSONS FROM
WHIRRING WHEELS
Eon, W. R. Davis Reviews
the Exposition for "The
Call."
SEES BUT ONE THEME.
The Big Show a Monster Object-
Lesson in the Cause of
Protection.
EVEN HE WHO RUNS MAY READ
Intelligent Citizens Cannot Fail to
See the Argument so Clearly
S?t Forth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 10. }
Hon. W. It. Davis, ex-Mayor of this city,
visited the exposition for the tenth time
yesterday.
Hon. William R. Davis, Who Sees in the Exposition One Powerful Argument for
Protection.
When asked by a Call reporter wbat |
was the most noticeable feature of the j
show he replied: "It is something that I
have not yet heard anybody refer to. This |
exposition is not ostensibly a political i
demonstration, but it is the greatest ob- i
ject, lessor, that could possibly be placed i
before the people.
"Who can listen to the whirr of those
wheels and not thins of the potent factor
they are in our prosperity? Here we see j
busy hands controlling powerful silk man
ufacturing machines, cotton manufactur
ing machines, hardware manufacturing |
machines, all turning out material which
every one must use and without which we i
cannot live in comfort. If all these wheels 1
are to be kept going what must be accorded j
to them? Protection, pure simple protec- j
tion.
"Where do we derive our wealth bu |
through the mills and the great inanu- j
iactories? Shall all these wheels cease j
and tbe millions of people thac depend j
on them for their daily bread starve?
"This display of material prosperity and |
advancement is a source of proper pride
not only to the residents of Alameda j
County but to the entire State. Material j
prosperity lies at the foundation of all
other prosperities. In poverty there can
be no art, in penury no learning. Beyon d
material prosperity and the result of it, is
the life, the growth, the freedom and pros
perity of tl c Nation.
"Look at this busy hive. It must be
protected. If all the foreign pauper
hordes of unskilled laborers are to come
here unrestricted and our manufactures
are to be placed on a free-trade footing
with the manufacturers of overcrowded
Japan, China and Europe, how many
years would elapse before it would be im
possible for Oakland to get together such
an exposition as this? With free trade
and unrestricted immigration I do not be
lieve ihree years would pass, perhaps not
one, before these wheels would cease and
Alarneda County would return to her
former pristine condition.
"Don't take my word for it, just pass
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
through these exposition buildings and
think intelligently. No dispassionate
mind can fail to grasp tbe lesson that they
teach. Even now it is only the hope that
a speedy relief is coming that induces
many of our manufacturers to keep their
factory-doors open. Things are not really
so pleasant as tbey seem, and what they
would be unless protection is accorded
them speedily I would not dare to proph
esy.
"Take another look. Everything yonr
eye rests upon is manufactured or pro
duced in this country. The wine industry
alone represents a great industry. Shall
it be crushea out? See that sign, 'Cali
fornia Silk Goods,' or that other one,
'California Cotton Goods,' 'California
Nails,' 'California Farming Machinery,'
'California Rugs and Carpets,' etc. — what
do they mean? They mean that this fast
developing section, of which Alameda
County is a part, is already a manufactur
ing center, and if it is to continue as such
it mest be protected. We do not work for
a cupfull of rice and a few cents a day.
We do not wish to be clothed in rags and
see our very backbone, our manufactories,
be closed. TaKe from Alameda County
every factory in it and try to contemplate
the result. Double the number of factories
in the county and then try to form an
idea of the future.
"This exposition is truly grand, but next
year I hope it will be much more grand.
If this lesson be not lost on the people of
this county they will strike the keynote
of a new regime next November. Tney
should remember that the smoke from the
factory chimney is of far more significance
than the uprisings of irresponsible and in
experienced politicians who are simply
giving, not even not a stone, but a bubble
when bread is needed.
"I will suggest one more thought tb»t
these busy scenes suggest. There are three
great lines of development in this Nation.
One is on the Atlantic seacoast. Boston,
New York, Baltimore and Charleston rep
resent that line. The second line is down
the waters of the Mississippi. It runs
through Minneapolis and St. Paul, Chi
cago and Burlington, St. Louis and New
Orleans. The third great line cuts through
Oakland. It runs from Tacoma, Portland
to San Francisco and Oakland and to Los
Angeles and San Diego.
"Shall we, here in Oakland, not do our
part to increase the power of this division
on which we live? Shall we jump at every
new doctrine and heedlessly rush into
dangerous fields in the face of our own ex
perience? Shall we, who have this great
exposition to teach us our duty in tbe
premises say 'Pshaw,' and advocate com
mercial suicide? If not. what then? We
must look beyond our busy wheels for a
moment. We canst, and indulge in a
glance at the future unless something is
done to protect these great industries. I
will not say what the future will produce
because I believe it would be idle. The
great lesson of the exposition cannot be
lost on my intelligent fellow-citizens when
they are called upon to decide their own
fate.
"And what is true of Alameda County is
true of every district in this country."
Railroad Men in Line.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 10.— The street
railroad men have organized a Railroad
Men's Republican Club in Temescai. The
elected officers are: President, A. L. Han
naford; vice-president, S. Harris; secre
tary, M. C. Mitchell ; assistant secretary,
R. Forgie; treasurer, J. A. Schreiner;
j-ergeant-at-arms. S. L. Harris. The ex
ecutive corwnittee is composed of J. H.
Hulbert, H. C. Hail. J. W. Jones, E.
Straub, W. B. Barnum, J. Kittrell and
S. W. Hall.
The meetings are held at Temescai Hall,
between Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh
streets. All are invited to attend, and all
railroad employes will be welcomed as
members. The club has started out very
auspiciously and intends to make a cam
paign that will produce permanent good
for its party.
THESE BABIES
ARE PAST COOING
Some Were Independent
and All Could Talk
Well.
VERA MOFFITT WINS.
She Pronounced the Hard Test
Words Clearer Than Her
Competitors.
CONTEST AT THE EXPOSITION.
The Irish Societies Will Hold the
Boards Next Friday Even
ing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Aug. 10. )
The baby contest, which has now be
come an annual affair, drew a large crowd
of mothers and young hopefuls to the
Tabernacle this afternoon. There were
ten entries to the contest and the test
words "Alameda County Industrial Expo
sition" proved a hard nut for some of
the youngsters to crack. All the babies
had to be under two years of age.
The result proved that even in their
youngest stages the ladies of Alameda
County are more fluent talkers than the
other sex.
Rev. Dr. E. E. Chapman, A. A. Pennoyer
and Dr. J. P. Dunn were the judges. Dr.
Chapman's white hairs render him proof
against any hostile attack by a disap
pointed or jealous mater. Mr. Pennoyer
evaded any possible conflict dv referring
to tbe long experience and judgment of
Dr. Chapman, and Dr. Dunn, a surgeon
in the National Guard, assumed his most
imperious air and approached so near to
tbe idealistic Czar that tbe woman does
not exist, even in Oakland, that would
dare to dispute any ukase he might issue.
There had evidently been a good deal of
coaxing done, and many promises were
made by ambitious mothers. Little Jus
tus Simpson, young as he is, proved that
he knew the value of money. He had been
promised half a dollar to speak well, and
when he went on the platform he de
manded his pay before he would compete.
The little one who pronounced the
phrase "Alameda County Industrial Ex
position" most clearly was Miss Vera
Moffitt, who is not quite two years old.
When the announcement was made several
people crowded around the proud mother
and congratulated. Considerable amuse
ment was afforded when it was discovered
that the lady was not the mother but the
aunt of the child.
The second prize was captured by
Evelyn Chubb, who is several months be
low tbe limit of age.
To-morrow (Tuesday) is Berkeley day.
W. T. Gillihan ha 3 been chosen president |
of tbe day. The reception committee for
tbe afternoon is composed of J. Taylor,
C. Demetrak, R. Cameron, Thomas llann,
C. McClam and O. G. May.
Waring Wilkinson, superintendent of
the California Institution for the Deaf,
Dumb and Blind, will deliver an address
at 3 p. m.
The evening programme consists of the
following:
Vocal selections by the Berkeley Campaign
Quartet, Messrs. C. R. Morse, first tenor; C.
B. Mills, second tenor; J. L. Mills, first bass;
Frank Angall, second bass; an address by
Thomas R. Bacon o! the University of Cali
fornia, and Ktereopticon views of Berkeley,
with lecture by O. W. Lange Esq.
The reception committee for to-morrow
evening consists of L. Stein, M. D. Fraser,
J. H. Whitham, J. O. Hanson and VV.
Cheney.
On Friday night tbe Irish societies
will render the exercises and a unique pro
gramme has been promised.
Tbe colored citizens cf Alameda County
will hold the buards on vVednesday and
on Thursday Alameda City will have a
day. _______^________
We
Did Not Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 10.— The efforts
of the Southern Pacific Company to econo
mize by laving off the men at the yards
and shop" at the West End every Saturday
has already proved a partial failure, and
before long it is believed the rule will be
abridged so far as this city is concerned.
A considerable number of the men laid
off at first under the order were put to
work asain. It was found that tbe work
accumulated under the Saturday lay-off
plan, and it would necessarily have to be
rescinded. This is greatly to the satisfac
tion of the men employed.
It Was Not S. S. Austin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 10— In an arti
cle published last Saturday regarding the
late J. C. Simonds it was stated that one
of nis lady friends was Mrs. S. S. Austin,
who horsewhipped her husband ou Broad
way. "I was never cowhided by my
wife," said Mr. Austin to-day. "Mrs.
Austin did figure in a street scene, but it
was not with me but with a man whom I
believe was named Wallace."
Since that time Mr. and Mrs. Austin
have been divorced.
IB £ King of rill's is Beecnam's— Beecham's,
STOLE A TICKET
AGENT'S MONEY,
Charles Bell Accused of
Robbing the Center-
Street Station.
BUT SIXTEEN YEARS OLD
The Revolver Belonging to Sta
tion Agent Bergsten Also
Gone.
HAD A YOUNG ACCOMPLICE.
Both Are Missing and It Is Thought
They Will Attempt to Board
a Ship.
Oakland Office. Ban Francisco Cail.)
908 Broadway, Aug. 10. {
Charles J. Bell of 862 Campbell street,
$280 of the money of the Southern Pacific
Company and a revolver belonging to
Oscar Bergsten are missing.
George D. Webster, who resides around
the corner from Bell's hous a , on Williams
street, has been absent all day also, and it
is claimed by tbe Bell family that be is
the cause of their boy's downfall. The
police tell a different story.
For some time past Bell has been em
ployed by Bergsten as assistant in tbe rail
road ticket-office and tobacco-store which
be conducts at Seventh and Chester streets.
The boy, who is not more than 16, keeps
tbe late watch, selling tickets until 1 A. m.
He then goes home, but must be out for
the first train in the morning, which
passes at 5:30. During the middle of the
day be has some time off, the proprietor
himself taking charge generally during
daylight.
There is quite a heavy ticket business
done at this point and considerable money
is handled. Bergsten has been in tbe
habit of leaving it in the bands of the boy
until he makes his settlement with tbe
company's coilector, who calls for it.
With the proceeds from the private busi
ness, it is said tbere was nearly $300 in tbe
boy's hands when he departed this morn
ing, leaving no clew to bis whereabouts.
Young Bell has borne a fairly good
name, although be was once arrested on a
serious charge, which was dismissed with
out prosecution. He bad often said he
would run away, but nothing was thought
of it until he bad gone. The other miss
ing boy was an associate and bad been
employed at the pier restaurant, but prave
up his position last week and had been
banging around doing nothing since.
This evening Fred Bell, an older brother
of Charles, said:
"Charles and I sleep in the same room.
He always comes in late and gets up and
goes out before I am up. He left this
morning as usual and we knew nothing
until told that be bad left. Mother found
that Charlie bad taken bis new suit and
all of bis clothes out some time during
yesterday or last night. We believe that
George Webster led him into doing the
act as he never would have done it other
wise. We have no idea where he has
gone."
Detective Denny Holland saya he does
not believe tbe boy bad any accomplice.
"He has been keeping poor company for
some time," said that official, "and for a
business man to throw such a temptation
before a 16-year-old boy is a shame, to
say the least, and I have no sympathy for
him. He is more to blame thau the boy.
It is supposed that he went to San Fran
cisco ana from there, no doubt he will
attempt to leave by vessel in the near
future. He will be caught, as be is not at
all bright. Had be been, be would
have had a boy rob the office, as be could
have easily done, and no one would have
suspected him."
Some of those about tbe station advance
the opinion that the boy was only a tool
in the hands of older persons. The miss
ing money will have to be made good to
the Southern Pacific Company by Oscar
Bergsten, as lie is responsible to them,
being under bonds. He will make every
effort to bring the boy to justice.
POLITICAL EQUALITY CLUB
Mrs. Sanford Speaks on the
Emancipation of Woman
This Past Fifty Years.
Hilborn's Friends Are Working Hard
for His Rencmination— A Shingl?r
Falls Off the Roof of a Church.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 10.— The Polit
ical Equality Club held an afternoon meet
ing in Foresters' Hall to-day, the presi
dent, Mrs. C. jL. Wood, in the chair.
Sirs. 8. C. Sanford of Oakland delivered
an interesting address on the emancipa
tion of women during the past half-cen
tury, and argued thereirom that the ballot
was but woman's due and a furthering of
the evolution of the equality of rights.
Attention was drawn to the noble work
women had done in church life and in
conducting the multifarious societies in
the world. The training received in this
work would come useful to her when the
ballot was made possible.
Mrs. Saniord also emphasized the cru
elty exhibited to women in the probate
courts by men's legislation. The wives
and daughters of American citizens are
the only leisure class in the Union, and
they should take hold of the political tan
gie and straighten it oui. If there was
one reason stronger than another why
women should have a vote, it lies in the
earnest desire of ail women to make chill
labor impossible.
The business of the meeting was to ap
point committees to make a house to
house canvass in the various precincts.
It was decided if Miss Susan Anthony's
presence can be obtained to hold a monster
Woman Suffrage Association picnic at
Leona Heights of the combined societies
around the bay. The date has not yet been
decided on.
In connection with the suffrage move
ment the Rev. Mr. Copeland is to deliver an
address in the Unitarian Church on
Augxist 20. His subject will be "New
Women Selected by God to Kule the
World."
Board of Equalization.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 10.— Thirteen
applications for reduced assessments were
placad before the City Trustees this morn
ing sitting as the Board of Equalization.
The reductions sought were ail of a minor
c jf9 ■ ~< ■ ■■'■■ ' A '^^^^^ ' i% vB
Auction Sales
CMS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
: Salesrooms- 1135 Market Street.
THIa DAY.
Tuesday August 11. 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. x. at Salesrooms, .aiMBEM
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
WB WILL SKLL
AN ELEGANT LINE OF FURNITURE,
- Carpets, Office Furniture, Stoves, Ranges, etc.
, CHAS. LEW & CO.. Auctioneers.
TntS DAY, AT 11 A. M.
SlegaxLt ZE'ixx'xxlt-u.X'e
1620 CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR POLK.
FRANK W.'BOTTERFTELD. Auctioneer.
character, and the board lowered the as
sessments made in all cases but two. One
property-holder, A. F. Koppe, asked that
his assessment of $2450 be reduced to $2000.
On examining the rolls it was found that
the assessed value was fixed at $1400. He
had copied the wrong figures from the roll,
and the board decided to take up his case
to-morrow.
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 10.— The Board
of Trustees at its regular meeting this
evening refused to pay legal expenses
amounting to $12 incurred by the City
Treasurer in defending mandamus pro
ceedings brought against him by A. L.
Fish to compel him to pay warrants drawn
in Fish's favor by tbe City Trustees. Bills
to the amount of $3248 96 were passed for
payment.
The City Electrician and Fire Chief
Krauth are to go to Stockton to examine
the fire-alarm system installed there. The
action of the commissioners in levying a
supplementary assessment of $968 85 for
the opening of Buena Vista avenue be
tween Benton and Morton streets was con
sidered.
Fell From a Church Roof.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 10. — John D.
Phelps, a shingler, fell from the roof this
afternoon of the Christian Church in
course of erection at the corner of San
Jose and Park avenues. He was changing
the position of the roofjack when be
slipped down the steep roof to the ground.
When picked up it was found that his
right leg near the ankle was broken.
Phelps was removed to his borne, 2041 Fil
bert street, Oakland.
Hilborn's Friends.
ALAMEDA, Cal. Aug. 10.— The friends
of Congressman Hiiborn are working like
beavers to secure his renomination. A
mass-meeting is called for Wednesday
evening in Linderman Opera-house to se
lect six delegates to be voted on at next
Saturday's primary. The gentleman's
friends contend that his past actions jus
tify renewed confidence in him.
A Small Blaze.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 10.— An alarm
was turned in for a small blaze at Dr. G.
L. Schmidt's house, 1059 Santa Clara
avenue, caused by the doctor's enterpris
ing son setting fire to the lace curtains
in one of the rooms with some matches.
A garden hose wielded by J. H. Bruns ex
tinguished tbe flames before the engines
reached the bouse.
VETERANS INDIGNANT.
Publication In a Populist Paper Which
Aroused Their Ire and May
Cause Trouble.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 10.— The Army
and Navy Republican League is a political
organization formed of ex-Union soldiers
and sailors of Oakland. Last Friday even
ing they opened magnificent headquarters
at 476-478 Eighth street. In regard to this
event the Populist weekly ha? aroused a
storm of Indignation that may result in
some formal action by the league:
The cause of the trouble is the publica
tion of the following:
Money will be lavishly spent, and where ft is
not possible to make a vote by sophistical ar
guments or bulldozing, measures will be
adopted, if possible, to enter the homes of the
voters and snatch from the table the food
thereon, or leave it with the alternative of
voting the Republican ticket.
Young men of Alameda, shun the portals of
this hive of corruption. Look upon it as you
would a leprous body, for its touch, its breath,
its environments and its teachings are as fatal
in its results as the horrible disease from
which none can ever hope to be relieved.
Between Broadway and Washington on
Eighth street the club headquarters of tbe Re
publican party of this county have been lo
cated.
This place, festooned by the colors of our
country ("to wbat base uses do we decline"),
will be devoted to making a fight for "Bill Mc-
Kinley, or McKlnley Bill," as is announced in
glaring black letters. Men will make speeches
to those who will assernDle at stated times,
urging the election of this man as the execu
tive head of the country. Men will concoct
schemes fit only to be hafched in Pluto's do
main, and will dispatch hired emissaries to
every nook and cranny of the country to en
deavor to carry them out.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameds County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 10. j
To-morrow at 2:30 p. M., at Odd Fellows'
Hall, will occur the annual meeting of the
Oakland Political Equality Society. Officers
will be elected for the ensuing year.
Lady Sholto Douglas is in Oakland again.
Her husband is in Arizona and she will re
main here for awtiile with her mother, Mrs.
Mooney. She says that in compliance with
the requests of her father-in-law, the Marquis
of Queensberry, Bhe has left the stage forever.
The ladies of the West Oakland Home are
looking for the parents of a little black baby
boy which has been turned over to them by
Mrs. Herrod, a colored woman living at 1631
Myrtle street. She tound the child in a basket
at her door yesterday morning.
Saturday evening the Haywards Republican
Club was organized in that town. Neal A.
McConaghy was chosen president. Harry
Smyth secretary, and a committee on organi
zation chosen consisting of H. Dopman, P. F.
Rohde and R. C. Vose.
The Ebell Society is to tender a reception to
morrow afternoon to Mrs. C. W. Weudte, one
of the charter members, who recently became
a bride and whn has just returned from an
Eastern trip. The Ebell was organized in
1876, with twenty members, and now has 300.
The City Christian Endeavor Dnion will hold
its "Washington Echo Night" in the First
Presbyterian Church on next Friday evening,
ilstead of the First Congreeationnl Church, as
formerly announced. Rev. William Kader and
Rev. R. F. Coyle will address the meeting.
A cuttinsßftray which nearly ended the ex
istence of George W. Smith oi 1214 Thirtieth
meet occurred yesterday. A basehail game
was the cause of the trouble. Charles Gittere,
who assaulted Smith with a razor, disappeared
immediately after the fight, bui his parents
agreed that he would surrender.
An Unusual Will.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 10.— The will of
Mrs. Alee Brown, written April 28,1895,
in wf.ich she bequeaths her property to
her nephew, Jo? i)evan, an enlisted man
on the United States revenue outter Bear,
has been held by the courts to be valid,
according to the decision rendered to-day.
The will reads: "If I die before Joe comes
back, I leave him everything — a!l my
property and money. Joe, pray for me."
Valuabla Library Addition.
BERKELEY, CaI., Aug. 10.— The library
at the State University has just received a
contribution of fifty valuable worKs on
chemistry and physics, which will serve
as a nucleus for a library to be used al
most exclusively by students taking the
aummor-^cbool courses. Tart of the dona
tion was received from the students who
took courses this last summer and part
from the publishers.
Carpenter* and Jc-lners.
Cnrpenters and Joiners' Union No. 483 met
last evening ut 915}^ Market street, and dis
cussed several recommendations that will be
made to the convention of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America that will
be held in Cleveland, Ohio, on September 8.
It was decided to recommend the equalization
of the funds of the unions all over tbe country
according to their membership. Also to re
commend that the dues and benefits shall be
the same all over the country. And further
to decide upon a plan whereby sick and acci
dent benefits shall be provided for. At present
there is only the accident benefit.
HDIAVI AUCTION COMPANY,
Salesroom, 1057 Market St., Opp. Jones.
Formerly M. J. SIMMON a
THIS DAY,
Tuesday.. ....August 11, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., at our salesroom,
1057 MARKET STREET, OPP. JONES,
....WXTIUBILL...,
One of the most magnificent selections
of Fine Furniture, in connection with
different kinds of Art Goods, ever offered
at auction sale in this City,
' ■ ' ....cojrsisTiNa 0f....
Three thousand yards of Carpets, Art Squares,
Point lace Curtains, Blankets, Comforters, Pil-
lows. Mattresses, Kitchen Ranges, Dining-room
Furniture, Parlor suits. Bedroom Suits, Folding
Beds, Bed Lounges, Couches, odd pieces of Up-
holstery, Turkish Chairs, Royal Tanish Terra-
cotta, old unique Satzuma.|Clolssonnee,|Bronzes
and roods too numerous to mention.
These goods are selected with great care and not
often found at auction; In any quantity; we have
no reserve, and invite people appreciating fine
goods. H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
B. M. BIRDSALL, Proprietor.
BERKELEY CELEBRATES,
Merchants Will Close Their
Stores and Don Holiday
Attire.
Young Hadlen of West Berkeley Re
ceives a Beating— Students Need
Work— Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.—To-mor
row will be Berkeley day at tbe Oak
land Exposition. A large number of
Berkeley merchants will close their
places of business for the day, the school
children will be excused for the afternoon
to attend the exercises, and Berkeley gen
erally will have a holiday. Professor
Warrick says that about 500 children from
the West Berkeley schools alone will at
tend. The owners of the horsecar lines
running between East and West Berkeley
have decided to allow the children free
rides. Half- "are will be charged them on
the lines of the Telegraph avenue and the
Oakland Consolidated Company. Badges
of blue and gold ribbon, in honor of the
university, will be worn by the Berkeley
visitors. An extended programme of ex
ercises has been prepared for both after
noon and evening.
Tonng Hadlen Beaten.
BERKELEY, Cal., Ang. 10.— The facts
in a semi-sensational battery case which
took place last Saturday evening in East
Berkeley became known to-day. J. Had
len Jr., son of the well-known grocer at
the West End, was pummeled over the bead
until senseless, with what was supposed
to have been a piece of gas pipe, by George
Warnboldt, because the young man had
gone out into the street to demand of
'Warnboldt an explanation for certain in
sults offered by him to Hadlen's father.
Jealousy is supposed to have been the
cause of the difficulty. Warnboldt was
arrested to-day and pleaded guilty to a
charge of battery. He will be brought up
for sentence to-morrow.
Don't Want Kenny.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— At the
meeting of the Town Board to-night the
town officials made their reports for the
last fiscal year, after which the matter of
appointing a Fire Chief came up for con
sideration. The Peralta Fire Company of
the Fourth Ward, through its presi
dent, presented a communication declaring
Kenny as irresponsible for the position,
and C. M. Murdoch of the Oakland de
partment also sent a communication
highly recommending Kenny. After lis
tening to both of the communications the
board decided to defer action indefinitely.
This move on the part of the board is con
bidered a practical throw-down for Kenny,
though he has the support of five out of
the seven fire companies of Berkeley.
Students Want Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— Manager
Bristol of the Students' Aid Society is one
of the busiest men on the campus. The
number of applicants for assistance in
meeting college expenses is unusually
large this year. In fact the Berkeley field
is too limited to meet the demand, and
the manager is endeavoring to awaken an
interest in Oakland and San Francisco.
He says also there ought to be a large in
crease in the scholarships awarded to
boys.
The Students' Aid Society is a medium
between supply and demand and endeav
ors to secure positions for such students as
have not sufficient means to defray their
expenses in college. Of these there are
upward of 100 on the books of the society
this year.
Seriously Injured.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— Rudolph
Ruff of 1824 Stockton street, San Fran
cisco, an employe of tbe Taylor Lumber
Company, was thrown from his delivery
wagon this morning and seriously injured
about the region of the spine. He was
driving down Shattuck avenue when his
horse became unmanageable, »nd he was
thrown violently under the wheels of the
wagon. While his injuries are considered
serious and brought temporary paralysis
of the lower limbs Dr. Eastman is hope
lul that they will not prove latal.
Dr. Stratton Honored.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— Dr. George
M. Stratton, director of the psychological
laboratory at the State University, who
has been studying in Europe for the past
two years, was hi.-hiy honored last week
by receiving a special invitation from the
International Congress of Psychology to
lecture before it on the "Psychology of
Vision."
Dr. Stratton will reach Berkeley about
the middle of next month, and will im
mediately commence instruction in psy
chology.
Loring Republicans.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— The Re
publicans of Loring have completed their
organization and elected the following
officers: President, F. W. James; first
vice-president, fl. D. Irwin; second vice
president, J. D. Crew; third vice-presi
dent, E. G. Vail; secretary, Leo Rodgers;
treasurer, F. H. Lewis. A temporary exec
utive committee consisting of H. D. Green
ough, Joseph Stapleton and Thomas Ste
venson has been appointed.
Naming Delegates.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10— The Berke
ley Republican Club met this evening
and named the following delegates to the
convention to be held next Saturday,
August 15: D. F. Miller, A. McAdauis, W.
A. Hay ward, J. R. Ayer, Robert Edgar
and S. W. Lander.
He Took Poison.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aup. 10.— The Coro
ner's jury in the case of Louis Piet, the
German "dishwasher at the California
Hotel who was found dead in bed yester
day morning, returned a verdict this after
noon of suicide from laudanum.
Will Form a Brjan Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 10.— A meet
ing of "silver men" will be held next
Thursday evening at the office of William
O'Neill in South Berkeley for the purpose
of forming a Bryan club.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mj^t^Mk HKABXY ST. Established
In 1534 for the treatment of Private
IB LIUiWU Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bod rand mind and
Oml^^^^B Skin Diseases. The doQtorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
C^KSBKH <hi'O(i snaranirrd. Call or write.
i>r. J. V. uIBBOK. Box 1937. San Francuca.
1314
PAPERS READ BY
LOCAL PREACHERS,
Many Different Subjects
Treated in Original
Fashion.
YOITSU HONDA SPEAKS.
Interesting Review of the Metho
dist Churches in
Japan.
BIBLE INSTITUTE DISCUSSED.
Rev. Dr. Herriott Compares the Right
and the Wrong Method
of Study.
The ministerial organizations were re
galed yesterday with various spicy and
interesting papers, one of the most impor
tant being that of Dr. C. C. Herriott, who
expounded the study of the Bible to bis
brethren assembled at the Presbyterian
Occidentcl Mission, on Sacramento street.
"There are two ways of studying the
Bible," said Dr. Herriott. "One man
would start out with a system and ideas
of his own and make the Bible what he
believed it to be.
The fundamental step in studying the
Bible, he emphasized, was to study it in
the latter way — to receive it as the word of
God. We rauit trust in and obey the
teachings of the Bible, and not discount
God's proraises. He believed that it is the
best and only book to put into the hands
of those inclined to skepticism. The
trouble with most people, he explained, is
that they expect to master the booK by
rtevoting fifteen or twenty minutes a day
to studying it, while those who had be
come profound scholars in biDlical themes
had been known to devote hours every day
to studying it.
The best method, in his opinion, is to
study the different books of the Bible in
their historic order. By the use of a map
Dr. Herriott then illustrated Paul's three
great journeys, and said everybody should
be so well acquainted with the topography
of the Holy Land that every allusion made
would be distinctly understood.
The trouble with latter-day evangelists,
he noted, lay in the fact that they are in
many instances indiffereutiy educated and
study the Bible only topically.
Rev. Herbert N. Bevier, in discussing the
paper, said lie visited the Moody Bibie
Institute in Chicago last year and thought
a similar one here would be a vast benefit
to the public at large.
Rev. Mr. Burnham stated that he be
lieved there would be a large field for the
education of Christian laymen in the insti
tute if established here. Others followed,
and the idea was generally favored.
The regular semi-annual convention of
the Presbytery of this City, it was stated,
will be held in Calvary Church Monday
evening, August 17. It will be a rally of
the missionary societies of the Presbytery
and the programme will be participated in
by various workers.
"'A Vigorous Denominationalism" was
the title of the paper read before the Con
gregational Monday Club in the parlors of
the Grand Hotel by Rev. J. K. McLean.
The main idea ot the paper is that this
Christian body should endeavor to dis
tinguish itself by its honesty, individual
ity and conscientiousness in the work of
the master.
Professor Lloyd, in discussing the paper,
was impressed with the lack of co-opera
tion in the church. Other denominations,
he said, had hobbies, but the Congrega
tionalists had none and should center
their energies on aggressiveness.
Rev. Mr. Perkins thought true Congre
gationalism a symbol for Christian life.
Miss Anthony made a plea to the minis
ters to ask the women of their congrega
tions to endeavor to influence their hus
bands in voting on the woman suffrage
amendment.
The devotions of the Methodists were
led by Rev. D. Heacock. The event of the
day was a review of Dr. J. A. Gordon's
book, "The Christ of To-day," by Dr. A.
J. Nelson.
He considered the book unphilosophi
cal, unscriptural and deleterious to so
ciety. His reasons for this caustic criti
cism were that the book rejects the doc
trine of (he Holy Trinity and reduces the
divine Savior to the level of an educated
man. It also teaches the final restoration
of all men after death, rejects the scrip
tural doctrine of atonement and substi
tutes intellectual development.
The paper was discussed by Dr. W. W.
Case, Dr. Carroll, Rev. W. S. Urmy, Rev.
Dr. Thompson, Rev. H. .1. Callis and Dr.
Bovard. Their opinions were commenda
tory.
Yoitsu Honda, general superintendent
of the Methodist Church in Japan, gave a
snort but interesting discourse on Oriental
Methodism. He said independent church
government there is not at present desir
able.
The meeting of the Christian ministers
was taken out of the routine by the read
ing of a spicy paper, entitled "Elements
of Evolution in the Church of Christ,' 1 by
the Rev. J. William Hudson. The paper
was devoted to a comparison of the con
stitution of the United States with the
fundamental principles of Christianity,
showing that the principles themselves
are not to be considered the sum total of
all Christian evolution, but simply the
basis, and that the ideal itself must be
worked out through the centuries.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRANP HOTEL.
M DMerrltt, Oakland H W Pudan Berkeley
J Jackson. Fresno C F Vehmeyer. Chicago
E Van Gordon, S Simeon E P Cashin San Simeon
N W Mountain, Placervl J X Cole, Cal
Mrs Burch, Ca! MJss Jcssup, Cal
V Sartari. Fairville J llood. Chicago
w P Forsyth. Cal J M k Nixon, Portland
I E Parker, Wash R X Williams. L Angeles
.Mi-s Williams, Pasadena Mrs J Williams, Pasadna
Q it Macon, Thorpe Ldg P P Wool man, Sacto
P King, Cousa Mrs R Watson, Calico
H Watson, Calico X R Olson, «an Jose
J H Smith, Sacto \Y \V Turney. San Jose
C F Way, .Sonora J M Marmon, i;kiah
L L i.yon, Denver X M Strauss, Yuma
R B Stephens. L Angeles X F schaefer, m Louis
R A Wack, Marysviile W Lubin, Ix>s Angeles
Mrs L E Stocking. Los A Miss Stocking, Los A
A F Jones, Oroville J Bayer. Los Angeles
s D Ballou, S L Obißpo H Halioran &w, N Mcx
W c Reich, Hacto J W Most, 1 ittle Rock
F U I'hace, Madera Miss S t. Bowman, Cal
-MKs M Bowman, Mdera J B Tyrrell, Grass Valley
C.l squire', sta Barbara c; Frost. Riverside
J s Noyes. Riverside E <.<raliam, Chico
J M I.yon, Santa Cruz T Flint, San Juan
E J Cahill, San Mania Miss I Devendorf, S Jos*
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Pool, Chicago F J Carlisle, S-. Louis
OF Cooper, Philadelphia Mrs H L Marlow, Mo
Mm C Jackson, Mo S C Evans, Riverside
1< P Winters. Riverside Mr & Mrs E Davis, Cal '
Mi.ss A llaltord, cal P R Smith <fe w, N V
D M Barriuger, Pliila H J Delamar, san Diego
L A McPherson, Er.glnd T O Jones, i.ngland
E T Moore, Chicago S Rose.islein, N Y r
S Emery, < hicagi J Wilson, Kureka
A Koecics &w. st Louis C A Boecks, Kedlands
P S Boecks, Si Louis Julia F Huggins, si V
Miss Johnson, L Angeles T L Risk, Memphis
Ji T Fairbanks, Cal H G Stevenson. Menlo P
JD P smith <fc fy, Eng J W Prosser, Davenport
F B Bullock, Chicago W T Ellis, Marysviile
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I 3 Doland. Vallejo W F Draper. San Jose
J H Benne-.t, lierkeley G J Koenig, San Jose
Mrs. Jones. Berkeley S Herzog, >an Rafael
I, Herman, Milwaukee L H Hnle &w, san Jose
M Vilaframe,LosAngels T Cunningham, Stockton
MissCunuingham.Skton P s Wilson, Stockton
X Van Syckel, NY X P Gilbert, Modesto
V V steen, Stockton '
LICK HOUSE.
E L Smith. Merce.l G D McLean, Grass Val
W Hall, (irass Valley R Mlliiken, Reno
I Phillips. Maryaviile Mrs E L Harris, San Jose
P A Breen, Cal C H Wheeler, Or
J Lerex, N V Miss J X Llddeli, Denver
Mrs A J McLeod, 8 Jose C R Gardner, N V
Jll Waasworth. Yreka Mrs M .1 Wadsworth, Cal
W H Wood, San Jose J M Buitington, NevCity
F Kilerman, Nev City C R Tillson <fe f, Modesto
G Wheeler, Los Angeles J Q A Bowlby, Asiona
Mrs J W Humphreys, Miss Humphreys. Cal
Marycvtlle C Humphreys, MarysviUe
J Jiarkley. Geyservllle AH .> shley, Stockton
C H Riege. Fresno E W Allen, san Jose
Mrs to -McLane, Cal j McMullin, Fresno
G X Shaw <fe w, Portland Mrs X E Butler, Fresno
a Myer, N V C C Palmer, N V
n B Snow, St V Miss F snow, N V
Miss (I C Snow, NY P Arnold, Los Angeles
F H Hall, Cal
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Murphy & w, Col: on W Ref an, Livermore
WC Cbrisholm, RealdsbMiss X Teidel. Sta Kom
O M Van Doyn. Oregoo W Harkan, Petaluma
J H King, Denver J F Chambers. Fresno
M Simpson, Fresno W stpphenson, Fresno
J Tumm & w. Cutter Ck J Hennessy, Sutler Ck
J Baker <fe w, Oregon GH A nderson, Fresno
E Karrette, Stockt m F W Mear, Sacramento
Mrs O'Neil <fe fy.Vir City J B Doyle, New York
fl F Peters, Visalia R Roland, Denver
D F Jacobson, Bakersftd R J Murphy, Oakland
F Colton, santa Cruz M Poulier, Los Angeles
J Gleeson, Palo Aito J McNamara. Chicago
Mrs Foster, Chicago.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Olleson, Wataonville F Deering. Watsonville
J F Vanderpool, cal F W Me biers. Vallejo
W Davers, Vallejo A Fox. USX
W J Fisk. BBN J B Arnold, Victoria
R C Goodwin. Victoria L W Jones, Victoria
J Henry, Tacuma C Armstrong, Portland
C G Grant, Portland R X Smith, Portland
E B Eddey, Chicago C 8 Patti, Chicago
W A Gottlieb, Troy L A Liudo, Troy
G A Miller, Tacoma G W Wise, Seattle
C L Lenard, Long Island G Slingstz&dlr.Ferndale
M Ida B Pollard, Sac A C Spanieling, Salem
F Bailey, Napa
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the S»b Francisco Call—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
■lent in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery attest,
corner Clay; open intl! 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth aad Mission street*, •)>•>
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OK MEETINGS.
||_s_r» GOLDEN GATE LODGE Na SO! «
SE^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting THlS _^k
(TUESDAY) EVENING, August 11, at"%f jf
7 :30 o'clock. Degree 1. /^N
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
K5» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, __
6E ; r r. a. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- «*
DA VI EVENING, Aug. 11. at 7:30 o'clock. IT V
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. /^r>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
BtrS* PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND m
55^ A. M., 121 Eddy St., meets THlS__\_.
EVENING at 7:30 clock. Third decree. 'IT _Sf
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /V>
m^S* fRANC O - AM ericas o*ffi_W~
-K^ Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F. Oi-^f^^i
fleers and members are requested to "^?ss^ss?"
a^end the next meeting on THURS- -"wMiw
DAY', August 13, at 8 o'clock p. 11., for initiation.
Members of sister lodges are cordially invited.
A. LEON AURADOU. N. G.
R. Lavioxe. Secretary. .
SPhLIAL NOTICES.
|j£B3p~~BAIS^TEN ANT 's " E ; JECTED^FoIT^T
V*<& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 5580.
|»rTS= DR. GALVAN HAS RESUMED PRAC-
W*& at the Parrot 3d floor.rooms 395-6.
»^3j=» DR. Bayer RKMOVED HIS office
»~^^ to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-
CR. HANSEN '"& CO., 110 GEARY ST..
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
T THE SWEDISH AND GERMAN EM-
ployment Bureau a number of first-class iris
ar awaking situations. MRS. G. NORTON, -15
Sntter st. ' ._
QWEDISH HOUSEGIRL WITH 4 YEARS'
O reference: is a first-class cook and laundress.
MRS G. NORTON, 315 Suiter al -
I? IRST-CLASS GERMAN UPSTAIRS GIRL;
the best of city referenc-: Is a first-class wait-
ress. MRS. G. NORTON, 315 Sutter st,
ENGL ISH WOMAN ANTS SITUATION AS
Hi waitress or nurse. Please call or address A.
NOTTRAM, 215 Minna St. ■
p ERMAN LADY, FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAK
VX ing, wants to go out in family to sew. Please
call at 13 Anthony su, bet. First and Second, off
Mission.
EXPERIENCED INFANT'S NURSE WANTS
a situation: city or country. Address J. C,
box 142, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE MiDDLE-AGED WOMAN
• I lately from East to do upstairs work and care
for children or general housework. Call 106V2
Langton st.
pEFINED young lady wishes sitva-
J 1 tion to mind lor 2 children In refined family;
good plain sewer; best, reference. Address R. L.,
box 80, Call Office.
"VTOUNG LADY OF REFINEMENT WISHES
X position in family to take care of small chil-
dren; good musician and sewer; best of reference.
Address B. A., box 80, Call Office.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion; is a good cook and laundress, or would
BO as a worKing housekeeper where there are
children, and would not object to housework; city
or country. Call 69 Natoma St., near Second.
IT3ATION WANTED BY~ A. YOUNG
O French lady at upstairs work or take care of
grown children; wages, $25 a month. Please ad-
dress at 372 Natoma St., S F.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS A PLACE AS
VJ housekeeper: is willing to go to country. Ad-
dress A. 15., box 14, Call Office.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES PO-
V.' sition to do general housework or upstairs
work. Call or address 4307 Twenty-fourth st,
"V OUNG DANISH GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
X tion to care for children. Call or address at 95
California aye.'
A MERICAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
-ex to do general housework: good cook and seam-
stress: no objection to children. Call 731 Folsom.
L MBROIDEKY— LADY (EXPERT) WISHIS
XLi to embroider initials in table-linen and hand-
kerchitfs. Address T. L., box 82, Call Office.
■y OUNG LADY. EXPERIENCED BOOK-
X keeper, desires a position as bookkeeper, cash-
ier or any kind of office work; first-class refer-
ences. Address B. X., box 77. Call Office.
TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
O by the day; washing, cleaning, etc; wages $1.
Address M. P.. box 79, Call Office.
A'OUNO GIUL OF EXPERIENCE WOULD
1 like a position to do upstairs work and watt on
table: reference if required; wages $15. Address
M. X., 2824 Twenty-third st.
B~ V RELIABLE WOMAN AS RESTAURANT
cook, or will do general housework; is good
laundress. Call 572 Fourth st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion to do chamberwork and waiting;. the beet
of city reference. Please call at 1412 a Bush st.
\OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE
1 to take care of children and help around.
Pleas? call at 2297 Fifteenth st.
"YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE
X to do p'aln housework and cooking. Please call
2297 Fifteenth st.
ANTED— BY YOUNG WOMAN, POSITION
'• to do* sewing and chamberwork or second
work; wages S2O: reference. Address 1026 Mis-
sion st.
■yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO GO AS
X apprentice at tailoring, dress or cloakmaking.
Call or address 338 Olive aye., near Laguna. .
SITUATION WANTED AS SEAMSTRESS
or chamberwork and* waiting; best of city
references: wages $25 per month. Call 411 Oak.
"yOUNG GIKL WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X to do second work and plain sewing. 602 Fell.
RESSMAK, R, FIISST-CLASS CUTTEK AND
fitter, wants a few more engagements by the
day at $125. 2407 California. ; :
OUNG GIKL WISHES LIGHT HOUSE-
work or care of cnliil ren. Call 126 Ivy aye. .
T ADY WISHES POSITION AS CASHIER IN
XJ restaurant: wages reasonable Call 771 How-
ard St., room 31, second floor, from 12 to 4. I
N AMERICAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
place us working housekeeper or chamlwr-
maid:. no objections to country. 145 y 2 Fifth st. '
WANTED— BY SWEDISH GIRL, PLACE TO
»' do cooking and general housework. Call or
address 901 Folsom st. .
"OUNG FRENCH WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
X tion as cook: French or German preferred.
110 Sixth St., room 10.
GERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
housekeeper in city or country. Address 15 V.
Harrison aye., S. F.
ITUATION AS HOUSKKEEPEK OK Ex-
perienced lady's nurse. Address V2O Natoma st.
ikl WANTS position- TO do light
T housework: wages not under $15. Please call
142414 Howard st.; no postals. \
GERMAN GIRL NOT LONG IN THIS COTJN-
VX try wants situation as chambermaid or light
housework. Call or address Winchester House
Third st., room 26. . - ,
■yOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
X work by the day washing or house-cleaning.
Call or address 438 Fourteenth st.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES A STEADY
VX situation as first-class cook .or housekeeper-
big private or good business house preferred. Cull
or address 16 Bernlcesu, beL Twelfth and Thir-
teenth.
WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION TO T\K"fc
care of children In private family. Address 1
Auburn St., off Jackson, bet. Taylor and Mason.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG SWISS GIRL OF 26"
lately from Paris, speaking, nice French and
German, wishes position as nurseglrl or to do up-
stairs or second work in private family good ref-
erences. Call or address 4134 Nineteenth St., near
Castro :
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 18S6.
SITUATIONS : WANTED-Contlnued.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN; DESIRES A'POSl-
tlon as working housekeeper: good home pre-
ferred to large wages; widower's family preferred.
Address or call 46% Tiffany aye., hetwe-u Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth sts. MRS. THURSToN.
BWEDI GIRL WANTS TO DO SECOND
work in private family, city or country: best
of references. Call at 935 Market St., room 5.
above Hale Bros. :, : - '.- ? '."■ '; .
V<'UNG CREOLE WIDOW WITH A
X child, wishes a position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call or address 917 Market st., room
19, second floor.
PAMSH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
O Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkin St.. room 2. • :
IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS FEW
X more engagements by the day: $1 25: or at
borne; reasonable. . 1004 Market St., room 6.
WISS GIRL WANTS EMPLOYMENT IN A
private family for upstairs work: best referen-
ces. Address Swiss Girl. 431 Pine st.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION DO GENERAL
VJ housework; is good plain cook: not afraid of
work. Call 821% Tehama st. ..•.:■.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework and cooking. Please call at
31b Clara St., bet. Third and Fourth. ■
TJESPECTABLE girl wishes situation
XV for general housework; is a j good plain cook.
Call 19 Fulton st.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
O L'lrl to do general housework in a small family.
Call or address 633 V. Natoma st.
PAPABLE ELDERLY WOMAN WANTS SIT-
\J nation; city or country; good housekeeper;
seamstress; understands cooking on a ranch. Call
or address MRS. a., 110 Ellis st.
WANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
by lady for widower or bachelor. Apply 108V_
Ninth st.
LADY STENOGRAPHER DESIRES A POSI-
Xj tion In a law office : wages no object. Address
3 , box 80, Call Office. '
ELDERLY GERMAN LADY. WANTS A PO3I-
XJ tion as housekeeper; country preferred. 208
seventh st. -
"YOUNG GIRL—TO ABSIST WITH LIGHT
X housework or care for children ; no objection to
country. A. J., 1208 Adeline St., Oakland.
QITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
10 to do general housework. Call at 5% Freelon
St., bet. Bryant and Brannan, off Fourth.
SWEDISH GIRL FROM EAST; GOOD COOK:
0 wishes situation to do housework or second
work; wages' from $20 to $30. Call or address
C. S., 962 Clay St.. Oakland.
P OOD STENOGRAPHER WISHES POSITION
VX with first-class bouse; references given. Ad-
dress steno, box 160, Call Office. -
I""f"ijTneed'of dressmakerTcutter or
X seamstress apply at MCDOWELL Dressmaking
School. 636 Market su, opp. Palace Hotel.
W INCHES . EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAM'JSD-
lC HTN^E^-^oTIKrG^AR^^T^FUBT
. nish haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your order-; prompt attention guaranteed.
HINESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO.. 640 Clay.
HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 4 V O'Farrell: tel. K. 426.
DKIGHt YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
D in store of some kind or wholesale house: can
give best of reference. Address B. M., box 80, Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY PROFESSIONAL
greenhouse florist and landscape gardener:
can take care ot a horse and buggy and milk a cow
If required;, cltv or country. Address Gardener,
636 Commercial st. j .-
yOUNO MAN JUST FROM THE EAST WILL
X give violin or piano lessons in exchange for
room In private family. Address Y. M., box 81,
Call Office. . -■;.-'
p ERMAN, 36, WISHES TO LEARN FARM
VX work on a small farm; hand y with carpenter
and harness tools. Address R. KESSEL, box 72,
Call Office. : .
POSITION DESIRED AS DRAUGHTSMAN
X or copyist by a competent man. Address W.
C, box 79. Call. • ■ • ■ ■ -
A SSAYEB WISHES POSITION IN A MINE;
x>- has had several years' experience In practical
work; best references. Address Assay er, box 79,
Call office.
p ERMAN YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
VI a. janitor: handy with all kinds of tools: good
reference. (all or address G. S., 444 Fifth st.
IRST-CLASS COACHMAN, SWEDE, WANTS
r situation; has excellent references. Address S.
C-, box 116, Call Office. :....-
SITUATION WANTED BY GENERAL ALL-
-1 round man; can cook tor 3 or|4 men: tend
cows, horses, chickens, etc ; gardener. Address
A. R., box 43, Call Office.
OU -:rv reward FOR OBTAINING POSITION
*E5«..)U for reliable, intelligent man of. 35; can
speak German; references; security if necessary.
Address Discretion, box 88, Call Office. r :
"DELI AHLIi FIRST-CLASS - MAN -WHO UN-
1 1 deratands care of horse and is good driver
wants situation around private place; is fair gar-
dener and is handy vrith tools. Addresi O. G., box
97, Call Office. ' ' . ..--•■. -.-
POSITION WANTED BY YoUNG MAN AS
X bookkeper or clerk In store or office: salary not
so much an object as a chance to gain experi-
ence: first-class references. Address G. 8., box
148, Call Office.
-y O I < ; MAN WANTS POSITION DRIVING
X delivery wagon or work around store; can do
some show-card writing. B. 11., box 90, Call.
OBER MAN, AGED 38, WANTS POSITION
O as assistant janitor, porter or other work: good
reference. Address M. is., box 15, Call Office.
\TOUNG MAN WISHES position AS DIN
X Ing-room boy In private family; first-class ref-
erence. Address Boy, box 81, Call Office..
POSITION WANTED BY ENGINEER AND
X electrician to do any kind of overhauling and
repair work? references. Address F. G., box 44,
Call Office.
OUNG MAN, AMERICAN, WOULD LIKE
X to take c: re of horse, cow, or garden; can drive,
milk and is bandy with carpenter's tools. Address
E. DAVIS, box 115, Call Office.
p ARDE NEK: PRACTICAL IN ALL
VJT branches of the business: has bad 12 years'
experience. Address Gardener, 405 Sutter st.
■\rOTICE — A WELL AND FAVORABLY
Xi known "old timer" of this city having a horse
and light business buggy would like employment
for self and team; ■ wholesale tobacco and cigar
bouse -vould be preferred, or any mercantile busi-
ness requiring quick and light delivery, soliciting,
collecting, etc. ; would devote his entire time to
the Interest of employer; best of references: sal-
ary expected $60 per month for man and team.
Address B. B. 8., box 15, Call Office.
WANTED— BY A COMPETENT MaN, A
»' position as teamster; - handy man with tools;
understands care of stock; wages reasonable. Ad-
dress T., box 74, Call Office. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
' » Market— Electric s lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION AS
cooks in a mining or logging camp. Apply at
371 Minna, bet. 9 and 12 A. m. : ■-. : v,.
I»Y STEADY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
') young man as coachman : American; 35 years
old; one who thoroughly understands care of
horses and carriages; good careful driver; best of
references. Address AL, 409 Ninth St., Oakland.
UUTLER AND VALET; YOUNG IRISHMAN
D just arrived from the East; can furnish first-
class references; age 20 years; height 5 feet 7
inches; wages moderate: to obtain a situation.
Address JOHN O'NEILL, 1310 Harrison st. . . .-
ANTED— SITUATION, BY REGISTERED
.druggist: speaks German and some Spanish;
some work accepted ; references. Address Drugs,
box 63, Call Office.
VL'INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
:' » Market — Electric lights in every room : 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
i 1-..MA !.»■. id l.f .WANTED.;,
P ERMAN COokT^OA KLANDr $25; COOK,
VX Alameda. $25: 12 housework girls, city; and
country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls assist, $10 to
$16. MISS CULLuN, 323 Sutter st.
VV r OMAN WIIH 6 CHILDREN, $15. MISS
»» CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
ECOND GIRL, $25; NURSE, SANTA BAR-
bara,s3o; nurse, city, $1& = MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutler st.
ECOND GIRL AND WASH; COUNTRY; $20.
O MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntterßt. -.• v
KtURSE: TOGOTO~NEW YORK; $20. MISS
IV CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OUSEWuKK GIRL; JEWISH FAMILY;
$.5; 2 in family. MiSS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st. : . ,- v. .... ;::'-■:■,* ',
TyURSE. $20; CHAMBERMAIP~ANI> SEAM-
i-> stress. $25; i-eruaan" nursery governess, $25.
Miss CULLKN. 3.3 Sutter st.
EAD WAITRESS, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL,
city. $25; waitress for hotel, country, must
speak German, $20: . waitress for country hotel,
very near city, must ' speak German, $20: cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel, near city, $20: wait-
ress, private boarding-house, city, < $16. ■• C. : R. ;
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
GIRL FOR NEVADA CITY. LIGHT HOUSE-
VX work, see party here to-day bet.lo and 12 a. v.,
$20 and fare paid ;glrl for Alameda.see parly In city,
$20: girl for San Mateo, see party here at 2 p. m.
to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
"IMKSr-CLASS • OOK, COUNTRY HOTEL.
J call eariy, $35; \ first-class pastry-cook, country
hotel, $40; German cook, city, private family, $25;
cook, who understands German ■ style, city, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
\\r ANTED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH CHAM-
" bermaid and seamstress, $25; second and sew.
Ing, $20: French Tor German nurse. $18; 3 Ger-
man cooks, $30 and $25: waitress, restaurant. $5
p«r week; girls for housework, 25, $20 and $15.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
IRL, - LAGUNA ST.. $15; PINE - ST., $1*0;
Lyon St., $15: Hyde »t.,:$l5;L, California St.,
$20; ? . Sacramento- St.. V $20: Central aye., $16;
Franklin st., $25; Clay St.; $25; 'American house-
keeper, ■■ $20; it waitress, - city, $20: . chambermaid
and waiting, country. $20: German woman, coun-
try. $15. Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
HELP WANTED— Contlnuott.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL?S2O: LAUN
'» dress. $20; cooks and housework, and others.
MURRAY & : READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. ;■:-.. -.'. - ' - ■■'■'' - ""
ilr ANTED— COOK, NO WASH, AMERICAN
»" family, $30, see lady here at 9 to-day: German
or Scandinavian cook a short distance, $30; 5
cooks in German families, $25 and $30: 2 Protest-
ant and Irish second girls, $20; cook for miners,
$20; 4 ironers in laundry, and a great many girls
to.fill our numerous situations In city and country.;
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sntterst.
A GIRLS .LIGHT HOUSEWORK. $12 TO $15;
■-t Swedish housegirl. $20, '-• in family; cook, $30:
second girl,- $25; 4 ■ housegirls, Herman preferred,
$25: 4 girls, country, $20. 315 Su ter st<
\\r ANTKD— WOMAN COOK (PROTEST ANT)
''for an institution In the city: nice place: $26
per month. Apply to W. D. EWER <6 CO., 626
Clay st. \ ,
YOUNG GIRL WANTED FOX DOWNSTAIRS
X work and cooking; none but experienced cook
need apply. 11 30 O'Farrell st.
p IRL FOR GENERAL HPUSEWORK. 2711
VX Laguna st. - -
V OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
X and assist plain cooking. ' 1630 Post st.
T ADIES— EXPERIENCED- AGENTS; AT
XJ once. r Room 11, 737 Market at.
lA/ANTED-OERMAN WOMAN OR GIRL
'» for general housework; sleep at home. Call
42 Elgin Park, bet. Herman and Thirteenth Bt3.
IMMEDIATELY;' GIKL FOR GENERAL
X housework in small family (Protestant); refer-
ences: wages, $12 to sls. Call 318 Scott st.
GIRL TO ASSIST WITH GENERAL HOUSE-
VJT work. Apply 20 Albion aye.. between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth, Valencia and Guerrero.
THIRST-CLASS MILLINERY TRIMMER;
X I coast; ref. HINZ & LANDT. 543 Marke t st.
p ERMAN GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWOR—
VX and cooking. . 510 Fulton st.
IRL TO MIND 2 CHILDREN. ADDRESS
MRS. LEWIS, box 44,.Ca11.
-youNo GIRL FOR LIGHT housework ;
X good home; small wages. 1419 Scott st.
OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HoU-EWORKt
X family of 2; $10 to $12.' 1634 Devisadero st.
OAT - FINISHERS WANTED; STEADY
V' work; highest wages. , 541 Market at. / '
EST - FINISHERS WAN 1 ED: STEADY
work; highest wages. 541 Market su
KESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL TO assist
with children; good home; wages $6. Apply
between 9 and 12, 1516 California s..
•VT EAT GERMAN GIltL; GENERAL HOUSE-
Xi work; plain cooking; German family; $20.
933Haightst.
J"-"IKST-CLASS OPERATOR AND BUTTON-
boIe-maker on vests: good wages. 427 Natoma.
p ERMAN GIRL, SPEAKING ENGLISH, FOR
VX general housework. 51 Fifth.
\A/ ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
»' school in city; teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now forming for fall work; large work-
room: references given. 410 Leavenwonh st. .
p OOD TAILORESS ON CUSTOM COATS:
VT steady work. 186 Shipley st.
lilf ANTED— COOK AND GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work German or Scandinavian; city refer-
ences. 1354 Post st. % - :
IRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT HOUSE-
work. Apply 6.6 O'Farrell St.
ANTED-GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING
and housework: wages $15. 2211 Suiter st.
A PPRENTICE; HAIRDRESSING, MAN?
xv curing, etc: permanent place. 131 Post. r. 20.
•yOU NO GIRL for HOUSEWORK; 'NO
X washing. 338 Oak st,
ANTb-D-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 838 O'Farrell st.
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL GENERAL
VX housework; must be good cook; family of 3:
city references: $25. 1817 Laguna, 9t012a. m.
GIRL ABOUT 17 TO CARE FOR CHILDREN*
and assist. 114 Powell St.
I - IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; CALL AFTER 9.
VI 1720 Sacramento at.
A.VI ED— FIRST-CLASS IRONKRS. SUN
Laundry, 764 Seventh su, Oakland.
RO 1 ESX AN T GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work, cooking and some washing; $20. 3624
Twentieth st., near Mission.
\\r ANTED— GOOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM-
-11 made coats; steady work, 3£BVa Clementina.
OOD TAILORESB ON CUSTOM COATS. 873
Natoma st.
OUNG GIRL 16 OR 16 YEARS TO ASSIST
X with housework. Apply at bakery, Schrader 1
and Waller sts.
TIT ANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
'ion fruit. CUTTING FRUIT- PACKING
CO., 1150 Harrison st.
TTAIRDRESsING, MANICURING, BEAUTY
Ii culture lessons: free to agents. - BUTLER,
131 Post sU .
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
»» on fruit. Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA I
CANNERIES CO., Brannan su, between Third |
and Fourth.
PUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
\J $1 a week. FLYNN, 14 McAllister su, r. 67.
AIKDRESSING. _6o AND 85c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 lessons, sl 60. 1248 Mission. :
AIK-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st., 105 9th.
1 EARN CUTTING, FITTING AND FINISH-
Xj Ing; $1 a week: patterns cut 10 order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
LOU rooms; -.">'■ 10 $1 50 per right; $160 to $8
per week- : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HALE 111 1 i 1 WANTED.
elperTfojr carriage^ blacksmith^
ing: night clerk, small place: dishwasher, $3
a week; second cook, small place: ranchhand,
who can do blacksmithing: cook, $30. room, etc.;
porter for a barber-shop. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
EAD COOK. COUNTRY' HOTEL. $75; SEC-
ond cook, $40, see party here; second cook,
hotel north, $60; " second cook, restaurant, city,
$61): butcher for hotel, $30: pantryman, country
hotel, $25: dishwashers, potwashers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary at. _^
WE WANT THIS MORNING 60 MORE
■ " railroad men to go north on this morning's
steamer; reduced fare; no office fee; call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TJIXPERIENCED MINING BLACKSMITH,
X-i who can make and sharpen tools and can shoe
mules, io go to Honduras, Central America; first-
class wages for a good man; see party here: 2 plas-
terers, country, $2 26 a day and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
pONCENTRATORS FOR MINE, $3 A DAY;
\J mining blacksmith (must be good tool sharp-
ener), see boss here this morning. C. R. HANSEN
&CO., 110 Geary st.
1 Q£ MEN WANTED TO-DAY, FROM $15 TO
LOU $80 per month and found; 2 derrick fork-
ers, $1 75 and $2 a day and found; 10 laborers to
Ditch barley ; 5 laborers tp dig irrigation ditches, $20
and found, for a large banking company; 6 fruit-
pickers; 5 laborers on » ranch, $20 and found: 3
2-horse teamsters for a ranch, $20 and found;
sack-sewer, $1 60 a day and found : 20 tiemakers,
8c and 10c each: 10 teamsters, city work; 10 labor-
ers, city company work, $20 and found; stable-
man, city, $20 and found: stableman and drive
sand team, city, $26 and found: 6 cooks, $30, $40
and $55; 3 waiters, $20, $25 and $30: 2 waiter-
boys, $15; second hotel cook, $35; ironer, $30 and
found; 3 dishwashers. - iiURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTED-2 PLASTERERS, $2 25 DA AND
»» board (call early) ; man to work about mine,
and wife to cook, $45 to $50; Swiss milker, $20;
American mincer, $26: • choreboy, - choreman,
cooks,- waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO. , .28 Sacramento St. ,
XB~ ANTKD— IB ONER, COUNTRY LAUNDRY,
»' $30 (see boss here): second cook, plain hotel,
$20; nurse and attendant. $20; young dUb washer,
$_0: couple, private place. L. ANDRE, 315
Stockton si.
pHOREMAN AND WIFE FOR RANCH. $35:
\J sacksewer a::d 2 pitchers for thrasher, $1 60
a day; dishwasher, country, $16 and room: man
to contract to dry figs. K. T. WARD <fc CO., 608
and 610 Clay st. |o______B_E______Ma_)_3_-SE-Srj__a
WANTKD— MINERS, $62 PER MONTH;
»' German about private place, near city, $35
and found; boy for blacksmith shop who can drive
shoes. $20 and found and increase; experienced
coachman with city references, $30. t0 $35 and
found; strong boy for factory, $3 per week and in-
crease; neat, young man to learn professional
nursing in hospitals, smail but Increasing salary to
start on; farmers, - teamsters, milkers, cooks,
wallers and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. . ■ 
RUG CLERK WANTED. ADDRESS STAT-
ing qualifications and references "Apothe-"
cary," box 123. fall office. .
\U ANTED— ADVERTISING AND SUBSCRIP-
»» tion solicitor at once on one of the best news-
papers 1 .- published \ln . San Francisco. Apply
"Breeder aud Sportsman," 313 Bush su, S. F.
■IV ANTED— STEADY RELIABLE MAN AS
11; partner In showcard and sign business. to de-
liver orders and collect; $125 required. Apply
632 Market St., room 8. ,
STRONG BOY OF 17 YEARS. APPLY' AFTER
10 a. m., 605 Montgomery st.
STRONG BOY WAN TED TO POLISH STOVES.
California and Drunim sts.
W' ANTED— SECOND WAITER. 560 . HOW'
. ard st., German hotel.-; . '
OY" TO HELP IN OFi-ICB AND COLLECT.
Address J. N.. box 61, Call Office. : .. •. v
AN WITH $25 TO JOIN ME IN WORKING
•j proposition. y P., box 6, Call Office. *". ■
\\r ANTfcD— SEAMEN, SHIP '-•: CARPENTER
» ' and cook. Apply 10 Sieuart St.. upstairs. <
GOOD MAN, .WITH REFERENCES, AND
1 $250, in good-paying business: half cash, bal-
ance out of business. 246 Third, 9 and 11, )4to 6.
W ANTED-GOOD OPERA TOR ON CUSTOM
;''; coats: good wages. ■: 108 Battery st. , :
pOATMA «AND ?BUSUELMAN. 1005
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A^T^D^COATMAKERS AND^'aPPBEN-
»» ttce boy and girl. 106 Battery st.
W ANTED— STEADY MAN FOR A PERMA-
«» :■■ nent position: will be assured $75 per month,
with an Increase if energetic; no night or Sunday
work; must have $150 cash. Apply 777 Market, r.7
rpo GET A FIRST-BATE 15C MEAL FOR lOC
X where strict civility, cleanliness and order is :
I maintained," try the Seattle r restaurant, 137
£________j________________
L.EEFSTEAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
XJ sc; 2 sUe dishes free. 635 Clay St. -.:•..■-
-TVTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
±\ 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 50 ;readlng-room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
BARBER-SHOP, 3 SIXTH ST. : ELEGANT IN
every respect and lease for sale. ..
a* A PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STY LK.
<CTI WERTHMAN Pants Co , 22% Geary st.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40&;
done while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Flnck's.S.F-
T ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 60; hand-sewea
shoes, ?5. 726% Howard St., bet. Third and > onrth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAK
' ' Market; 200 rooms. 26 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANTED— AN IDEA ; XV HO CA N THINK OF
some simple thing to patent* Protect yenr
ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & W>., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize oiler
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ..
V»rE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
» " selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st. ,
T ODGINGS, 60 TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
I OURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
0 No. 27. J. 8.U. A., Empimt Bureau, 102 Seventh
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»' Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of ~ the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., near Grand Opora-
house; new calf shoes, pointed top, our maice, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
WANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
*' night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st.
TRY' ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE.. SIXTH AND HOWARD
XJ sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
.Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
I||AMKN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, l&C
Xl'U and 20c a night, including coSee ana rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.'
EST IN CITY- -SIN G « E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, Cl 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
X ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
et one-half the usual price: done while yon wait.
662 Mission sU, between First and Second sts.
"DOOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO «1 50
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm sU "
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
\A/ ANTED— SINOLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
"» veek; rooms for two, 2&c a day, $1 60 a week;
read'.ntc-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
XH Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
\,l EN" TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
l'l all grocers keen It. ;. ' .. . . '..-... ■.-,:■
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
X\r ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
* ' trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. s. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
AGKNTS WASTED.
GOOD SOLICITORS; COMMISSION $3 DAY
to hustlers. WEITHMAN PANTS CO., 22Vi
Geary, room 29. !
GENTS! BRYAN. SEW ALL AND FREE j
silver; McKiniey, Hobart and protection; ;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want j
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager Subscription
Department The Whitaker & Kay C 0.,723 Market.
BOARDING WANTED. ~~
■Ty-ANTED^BY AN ELDERLY GENTLEMAN
■ » board and good room In private refined fam-
ily, located north of Market St.; fair price paid !
for suitable accommodations: state location, con-
venlences. price. Address A. X., box 105. Call.
WAMJSD-iUIStJSLLAKJiOUS.
W" v : ed*^?e^ : oT?d^hTn3^~^in^mTl_
and .auk: to be set up. 2432 Hilgard aye.,
East Berkeley. ...... -. ■• .-,
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
IGHE3T PRICE FOR CAST-OFF CLOTH-
Ing and shoes. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific st.
SELL YUOK BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
•■lrv to A. KLEIN; 109 Sixth nt.t »nd posts—
- — _____________
EDC CATION AL.
S"^T?EIIL^S~^H^RTTi A^D~^AI^^"BIJsTNESS
college, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
PROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOUN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
ELOCUTION AND DRAMA: DELBARTE
thoroughly tausht; appearances arranged; 1 to
8 P.M. OLIVE HOFF-SCHROEDER, 299 Hyde st.
"V RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 326 Montgomery su; , individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
pUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
espiano,singlng,French:s3mo. R. 4, 1002 Polk.
BOOKKPNG, WitlTNO. ARITHMTC. OR A MR
day & night ; noclasses : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
MR. <fc MRS. KOLANLER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, gnltar. banjo. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason
1.. ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
*> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, arcliitectore-
nssay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mlct,
NGLISH. FRENCH, GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
lANO LESSONS: PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC
Conservatory; mcid.terms.J.ijANGE,llo Hyde.
DRBAN SCHOOL AT 21.4 CALIFORNIA ST.;
opens July 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE , Prin.
LMA E. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
iQBtndlo. 405 Geary, R. 17: hours Btolo p. M.
KOFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandolin, har.io. 1707 Market.
— — — __________
HOItSJSS.
WANTED- WELL-BROKEN THOROUGH-
box3STca\i e ofncel :aOUnd:genUe -^ *■ W -
GT 6 19P0l I e 1 ,7s E U BY HORSE AND WAGOnT
©400 A TR^CK, TEAM AND HARNESS
<ff)ttlJU. in good order. Apply 38 California st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
J-* of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue, llu McAllister St.. S. F.
1 PU) SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND H.VK-
J>-OV nrss, all kinds; wagons, Daggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; mast be sold. 1128 Mission 3t
ftOO BKT NKW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
y u V ness; a " kindB : bnggy.waeon, carts, surrey
Arockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
40 HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
3 , buggies, carts, harness; . Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Slx-h st.; auction sales every Weduea-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND hIK CIRCU-
i«r. Tho Hrde Ranch, 630 rornmorclal st.
WAGOiNS AND CAKKIAGiiS. ,
FOR SALE CHEAP^GROCERY^WAGON:
nearly new. Call at 4036 Eighteenth st. r? .:<■■
I^OR SALE-NEW EXPRESS WAGON, DE-
X livery wagons and business buggies, new and
second-band ; very cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
TVTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
■•■' dry., milk and grocery wacons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. ; 828 Harrison st.
VOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X carriages of every desciptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg C 0. ,; 46-48 Bth si., S. F.
LIOHTLIf MOILED DRIVING i uLOVES;
O sampler H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansonie St.
StIWINCr MA«:my_t»."
] "a^uTki Tnds bo u ght, sold.cxch ang e bT
-t_- ; rented, repaired: lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth st.
NEW FAMILY SINGERS FOR R -NT, $1 50
per month: V. S. Singers. ■ $2- J 1559 • Market.
-.'.■■: ATTOKJfiiVS-AT-LAW. ~
'm^A^eClF£^OD^ZaWY^b7636^l^RV^
■i-1 building; : consultations ; free; ■ moderate fees.
AD VICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPBCI-
XV ally; private; ; no charge unless snecessful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills. Vieeds, etc., at-
tended ta«O. W. KoWK, att'y-al-law. 850 Market.
EGA L BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. ;J.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18. *
ADVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
\V F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SBIPARROTT
' ' .;- . bldg. Practices mall courts -.charges moderate
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. Icle Dlde: ad vie* free: modarata: own evnes.
JBTJSTNKSS V CHANCB^. -
STnTirr^oßNErr saloon:"surrocnd-
*lplv/Uv. Ed by warehouses , and commission-
stores; with living-rooms; ■ owner kept place *10
years; rare chance. WILKE, 531 California st. •
Cf/innft CORNER FRENCH LIQUOR-
'JUUU. store; established 20 years: stock on
hand worth the money: horses; wagons: living-
rooms. ', WILKE & WOLF, 531 California at. v^
<2»QQAfI CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«IP__UU. Western Addition; doing large busi-
ness; rare chance. ". WILKE, 631 California st.
*fc99flfi SHOEKTORE; - CHOICEST LOCA-
*sZi£A>\-'. tion: large cash custom: kept by
present owner 10 years; very rare chance: inves-
tigate soon. WILKE «fc WOLF, 531 California st.
©I I WINK CELLAR; ESTABLISHED
♦JpX I \J\J. years: in business center; doing im- '
mense bar trade; very low rent; owner to retire;
greatest bargain, WILKE ; & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia at. •
m» r (\f\ RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
JUU . business: rent $27 50; Western Addi-
tion; owner kept place for years; must sacrifice;
investigate at once: very rare chance. WILKE
& WOLF, 531 California st.
*.qca CORNER SALOON ON GEARY st.;
Oo\Jm low rent;* good business; great bar-
gain. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st. V:". '
rtjjr rf\ SALOON ON MARKET ST.; AVER-
<JrO«)U. age dally receipts $20; rent only $50:
owner must leave cltv on account of sickness.
Inquire in wine cellar, 541 California st.
It YOU WANT TO SELL OK BUY A BUSl-
nesa. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
<2>Qnn BLACKSMITHING BUSINESS IN
<JhOUU. Santa Cruz: established 12 years: do-
ing a fine business and Is In a good location; If
you want a business of this kind call and see us
at pace. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
Q»Q(\f\fl BOOMING HOUSE ALL FURS-
3boUUU. ished fine; paying $200 to $225 per
month; best town this side of Los Angeles; this is
a rare chance to get a money-making house.
LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
d&OCrkfk DRUG BUSINESS IN ONE OF
<|pZOUU. the best locations In city; doing fine
business; good stock on hand and elegant fixtures;
this is an exceptionally rare bargain; call and see
this at once, LUBELSKI <fc CHASE, 7 City Hall
avenue. . ■ '■ ' - • ' ;
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let us show you some fine places at bargains; call
at once. LUBELSKI - CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
mint BRANCH bakery, candy and
tjpl_c>. coffee parlors ; 3 ' furnished rooms; re-
ceipts average $6 day; rent low for the location;
cause sickness. See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.,
cigar-stand. ' : ' . - '
fl, i)i\n CANDY-STORE— ICECREAM SODA
iS)O\J\J. fountain; complete outfit for making
candy; finely fitted op: doing good business; No. 1
I location; best reasons for selling; fine place for
two ladles; candy can be mad* in the store; trial.
See BARRETT at 1125 Market st,, cigar-stand. '
ffliQ^ BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
«]P«Jt)U. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; - low
rent; doing business of $8 to $10 per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market su,
at cigar-stand. -
dT»-| rf\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE S'l OR K;
«Jp-L«JU. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
BUYERS PLEASE TAKE NOTICE— THE
X> following bargains will be found at 632 Mar-
ket St., room 8, formerly Stenberg & Co.
•5.19 c BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS; LlV-
■ypX— O. ing rooms furnished: cheap rent; more
than value in sight: must be sol I at sacrifice;
leaving city. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
C*l O(\f\ PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING
<JpXGv/U. saloon. STENBERG CO., Market
flfcO7Fi CORNER FRUIT STORE: OLD ES-
ur^'«J« tablished; living rooms; receipts aver-
age $12: retiring. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
■\TOTICE— DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR
-L> business promptly? Cash. HEALY, 23
Kearny st. .
<B£/17£\ LIQUOR SALOON, MARKET ST.:
*S>'±tO. business of $18 per day; trial before
purchasing. • pply W. F. HEALY', 23 Kearny st.
7?: CIGAR-STAND NEAR THIRD AND
<H) I •->. Mission; call to-day. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
ONE OF THE FINEST CORNER GROCERY
and bar; line of cable-cars; all fresh goods: 4
living-rooms: bar trade $12 per day. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
O> Q XA FRUIT AND PRODUCE; ELEGANT
{mOO\J. place; best location In the city; three
nice living-rooms: cheap rent; good fixtures; ha.*
fine horse and wacon and doing a first-class busi-
ness. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
ffi«l f.A PARTNER WANTED: SALOON;
«H> X O\J. good corner location; big stock; fine
fixtures; cheap at $250: see to-day. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market St.
<Btzl7^ RESTAURANT OF LARGE CAPAC-
tlp'ilc'. Ity; long established: no incumbrance;
doing good business; well worth $700 cash; a rare
opportunity; investigate. H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st. .
TTOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
J'-mporiiui) building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on . reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILViiRBERG, 320
sansome St.. room 39. _^
OR SALE— OF THE OLDEST AND
best-known liquor- stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a fine . stock of wines,
liquors, etc; fixtures in first-class order; to tho.«»
looking for business this is the best stand in city;
sickness the cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M.. box 100, Call.
EXTRA CHANCE FOR A GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith, where most of the rent is taken out
in work. Inquire at 706 Ivy aye., CHARLES
ALP ESS. '
rpUE best-kstablishedbootand SHOK
X business in San Jose; the finest location and
handsomely fitted up; sickness reason for selling;
capital required, abouts6ooo. Address J. LA SKY',
Boston Shoe Bazar, 126 South First St.. San Jose, j
ANTED — PARTNER IN ONE OF THE I
best-paying businesses in California, with a |
capital or from $5000 to $10,000; this will bear I
the strictest investigation. Address Partner, box
75, Call.
I/OR SALE-STATIONERY AND VARIETY
I store: also fine confectionery and the business;
day and night school trade; fine soda fountain.
For further particulars address A. H., box 127, Call.
ffI?K.AA PARTNER WANTED IN GENTEEL
«Jpt)UU. business that will clear $200 a month;
no experience required; a chance seldom offered.
917 Market St., room 1. "
ANTED — ESTABLISHED COAL AND
wood business; centrally located and must
clear at least $150: no agents. Address Buyer,
box 77, Call Office.
I?iINE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man In rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement St., with 4 rooms: Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137, Call Office.
ANTED— MAN WITH ABOUT *500 TO
invest in a novel and original advertising in-
vention; w.ll make over $200 per month. Ad-
dress Inventor, box 57, Call Office.
(Tr.r)--/, RESTAURANT: POSITIVELY
tJp^Ol'. worth $500: owner must sell at once
on account of sicknecs: receipts $20 per day; rent
$22 50. P., box 139, Call Offlct-.
OR SALE IN SAN JOSE- WELL-PA
loan office: established in 1872; present owner
retiring account of old age. Address A. GREEN-
BERG. San Jose, Cal. ■
ARTY WITH $1400 TO SAVE LOSS oF
X property wor.h at least $3000; can have the
property. Address Property, box 5, Call Office,
Oakland. -
<H»IKA BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY
«3? J O\f. and coffee parlor; good business place: :
must sell inside of 3 days. For particulars call 219 i
Sixth 3:. -■ - . ■ -
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION-STORE
good business: 4 sunny rooms; large yard; a
bargain. 1230 Jackson St.. cor. Leavenworth.
ALOON AND LIQUOR-STORE; BUSINESS
speaks for Itself; must sell at once; will in-
voice stock. Call to-day 236 KastsU
"a T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. 1 OWAN BUYS
A - stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
I>ARGAIN; SALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $15
JD to $18 daily: rent $20: near San Francisco.
Apply U. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
ALF INTEREST IN NICE SALOON: PROM-
inent transfer point: or will sell as a whole at
a bargain; Investigate. 317% Tenth st.
1" fOR SALK— A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
JT cigar stand, centrally ■ located. Inquire WICH-
MAN, LLTGEN & CO., 818 Clay St.
IjiOß SALE— CHEAP: A GOOD LITTLE BUSl-
'ness in a market: no Sunday or night work;
small capital required. 110 Ellis st.
ALOON FOR SALE AT ONE OF THE BEST
corners in the city: doing a good business.
Room 88, Chronicle building.
AKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING \ BUL-
letln for sale: clears $95; $2000. Apply 962
Broadway, Oakland. ■- .
WANTED— LADY TO TAKE HALF INTER-
*» eat in boarding-house. , MRS. P., box 6, Call
Office, Oakland. "^ \
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE-
X will pay Sl5O per month; price $4000. Apply
thlsoflice. *■
pOOD-PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE. IS-
II quire C. SEIBT, U.S. Bakery, box 326
Petaluma. '-■ - ' ; ?JW_ BJHHftWM—MBwBjHJ
THIRST - CLASS SALOON, : FIXTURES COM-
£ plete, for sale cheap. Apply 201 Ellis at.
QOOO for half INTEREST IN man-
isiO\J\J\J nfactnrlng business. 328 Bush, room 4.
n RY-STORE FOR SALE; SI ORE TO
VJ let; fine lo^ttlon. Cor. Dnncau and Guerrero.
/ ; ROCERY STOKE, 3 - ROOMS AND - FIX-
VT tures. to rent: corner Fifteenth, and Noe sis.-
low rent. : _■■■.
pIGAR, STATIONERY STORE; GOOD LOCA-
\J tion; rent $10. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market st.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED (G..R-
-VJ man preferred) by lady." R. 10, 122 Post st.
% 1 "SO ItE BTAURANT: A BARGAIN;
tfljXOU. must be sold to-day. 218 Mason st. ; r
ARNESS SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP. APPLY
L. P. STONE - CO., San Francisco, Cat -
XT'OR SALE,. CHEAP — A WELL-ESTAB-
X? lished tailor-shop. Apply 1910 Polk st.
BUSINESS CHAN Continued.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
bar. HILKERT BROS., 103 Powell at. .
OB SALE-COFFEE-MILL AND SCALES.
inquire 533 Birch aye., near Laguna st.
OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE, $450;' FINE
place; other business. : 921 Market st.
'_, C a/v MILK ROUTE: 12 CANS, 3 HORSES;
tfrOUU. wagon. Apply 866 Mission st.
■ ir-A GOOD, CHEAP DOWNTOWN BUBI-
IOU. ness. 722 Howard st.
"t>ETAIL:LIQUOK-STORE: OO')D BUSINESS;
XV owner retiring. Apply Call Office.
_O_GIXG-HOIJ,SI-S iOB SALE.
Qi>r^6^rHOTJSE.
ZA NEW FURNITURE.
.
BOOMS ALL RENTED.
CLEARING $100.
:.*— — PRICE, $1200.
$600 BALANCE: $25 PER MONTH
NO INTEREST. •
25-room corner house. - 'HV.?.
9 rooms cieai ing *50 per month 300
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing $.'.O 400
12 rooms, only $100. cash and payments..... 600
20 rooms, corner, only ljjOJ)
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments MO
50 housos, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to 5000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACES.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
i&CAn 9-ROOM HOUSE: SUNNY si»k ;
*rOUU. furniture almost new. 706 Ellis st.,
room 6.
TENBERG CO 632 MARKET ST.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
12 rooms, sunny corner, 1 floor $ 450
23 rooms, corner, vicinity of Baldwin 800
36 rooms, none better, clears $175 1200
42 rooms, clears $125. trial given..... 80t>
60 rooms, most prominent corner, 35 offices per-
manently rented, 15 rooms pay rent.
ffl»rrn 11 ROOMS, ELEGANTLY FUR-
*<pOO\J. nished; watnut; north of Market; rent
$45: clears $50; cause sickness. SKIFF <& CO.,
921 Market at. '
AM. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. 15 rooms; Sutter st.; part cash $700
21 rooms; pays handsomely: rent, $82 50. 775
34 rooms; corner; worth $3000 1675
45 rooms; no better bargain: rent, $85. ...... 475
OARDING-HOUSE: 26 ROOMS; RENT $35"7
13 selling account sickness. 11l Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission.
ftlfMTtKii •. O.U sA_l_.
TT'IRE SALK:
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $19 50
Bed lounges BUO
Steves _. 7 50
Carpets, per yam 65
Linoleum, per yard... 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission su. S.
NOONAN.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooJ
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $lt:
TtUv/ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding- bed j.
»H>: hed- onnges. $7. T. f>. McVAKTKY 1 I'M
IUKMTI'KIi WASTED, *
W ANT '" FulvnTtT^E^Xn^TjfTk^fTTiX^
tures of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
"DUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO PAYS
13 highes' price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FORFUKNI-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1.39 Market; send postal.
nno SELLFTJRNITURETo A DVANTAOE TRY
X M. SILVERSTi-:iN,969 Howard st-;send postal
C. MUTHF.R, 63 1 . MARKET, PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD P±iiCES FOR Fl RNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BUUO, ill l.arkta.
TNDIANa AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 3057 Market, pays casH
CAHPET CLEANING.
ONEsT^Ctt CaS?KT "- 'c^Sa^CING~~ANO'
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 8:0.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. : RUU
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth st.
KKAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATINU
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor wore send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Teharaa st. : tel. so. -iv.
/ lON KLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. SiS
Vj Goiden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: taL
6outh 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
~l E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. 13111
'I . 14th si. ; cleaning :fc- a veil 'I el Mlsaloa / 1
CXAIIiVOYAATS.
PROF. M. L. CAKNKLLK, CLAIRVOYANT??"
X and business medium, gives advice on business
speculation!!, investments, insurance, love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy and happy marriage with the one ot your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den In her bosom: he locates mines. Interpret
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removes
evil influences and tells you where to go to be suc-
cessful: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su;
hours from 9 to 9.
IT AN A THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunite) the separated;
causes speedy aud happy marriage with the one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY 1
ant, card- reader, born v,-Ith a douDle veil and
second sight; ladies 60c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk St., nr. Jonas.
ETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX."
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
prelent and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. ARNDT. BEST fORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 60c and 1. shows picture of ynnr
future husband or ivitc. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
IBS C. MASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. ' 105 Larkin su. room 2.
A] ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
i'J business advice : names given:'2sc up. 5 Fourth.
ME. MOHEAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, MOVED FROM 5
VJT Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
ME. DX THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1: letter $2.
MRS. KNIGHT, 'CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
reader: fee 50c: ladies only. 714 Leaven worth.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
crave: ladies. 25c: gents. i T>Oc. 914 O'Farrell.
Ssi-iiti I'tALISM, ~~
"a'^^veritable queen among womkn ia'
. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
Why that look of sadness? . Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man*
thousands on this coast in the ten years pa.it. is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tn«
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wna
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try to Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Redoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is*h"ir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mail la always most suc-
cessful and satUfao ory. All letters answered
Diseases diagnosed from a lock 01 hair.
FEE *1 _ UPWARD! FEI- $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
12-0 Market st., opp. Seventh.
. San Francisco.
MRS. ISA JULIE R. MATERIALIZING ME-'
dium: seances Monday, Wednesday and Fri-
day evenings. 109 Taylor st.
LA D I AID MEETS TO-DAY, FRIEND-
ship Hall, McAllister st.; test circle 3 p. m.{
free. . .
rpO-NIGHT, KATIE HEUSSMANN'S GRAND
-»• test meeting at 326 McAllister: admission free.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. IOC.; M.ME.
YOUNG, 605 McAIU-ter; all skeptics Invited.
MRS. sHitINEK; TH.BT CIRCLK TO-NIGHT;
tests 25c: sittings dally.: 311 Van Ness aye.
FRIENDSHIP HALL, 3-6 MCALLISTER. -T.;
X test circle 2p. _■: tests 10c MRS. MEYER.
MRS. FELTON, MATKRIALIZING SEANCE
to-night, 50c; alts dally. 31 Fell st.
I < ISHOP GARRItiO. , 1370 M ARK r.T SKAN-
-*-•* ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25r;M0 to 4 dally.
A M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
-n.. writer. 118 Hai«ht st ; hours 9 until 6p. it
M R KATE HOskIN'sTTRANCE MEDIUM;
-"-«- sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
T IFE-BEA DINGS BT REV. MR.HOWLAND;
*■> $1. 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1.
ASTROLOGY.
A S J R *k SEER-PUOF. H^LMEsTTeDDyTrT
apondenc horoscopes, questions, advice, corre-
A STKOLOGY AND MEDICINE NATIVITIES
or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
physicians.
DR. C. C. O'DON^ELLrr^OeT^ITKTF^ORT
Golden Gat c aye. -.diseases of women a special ty!
LkON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
yj his museum. 1051 Market et • hU SO vearV
successful practice is a guarantee or fair treitinoW;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by m-L
TYJfEWKITKK^7~
REMINGTON. $40, $35: SEND FOR SAMPLE
XV work. SCOTT _ X ANNAN, 333 Montgomery.-- • TIOTTSFi* TO tKT. .
»)7 Ci A TWKNTY-THTas'^T~Soo^fs" J AND
.*- I \J\J bath; large yard; modern improvements;
rent $16.
Vl A 7 BUSH~IToi'sE 8 ROOMS AND BATH;
+*X\J I rant reasonable. Call 10 to 4, on premises.
HOUSE 6 ROOMS, BATH; $16. 504 SHOT-
well st.
9-STOKY HOUKK; 7 SUNNY BOOMS; BATH;
— big yard; reasonable. 128 Tenth st.
9-STORY HOUSE 8 HOo"iIS AND BATH. 1221
— Golden Gate aye.
OUSKS TO KENT FOX VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st
1 9 PAGE-HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE
i ■" stable.
PLENDID 12-KOOM HOU>E, 3892 TWENTY •
O first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
jng or private residence: very low rent - See it.
COTTAtiIiS XO Llil'.
C>"| l COT! At-K;'3TXY~S^rriN~ToTv~N7oFF
<3 X i.. Clay, bet. Powell and Mason. " "---•r.".".'
<3»Q f.A~ COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
tipO.OU. pect aye.. bet. Tweaty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts,, off Mission.
OTTAGF. OF 6 KOOMS AND. BATH; YARD
J and stable. 913 Fourteenth st
OAA ELEGANT COTTAGES, HOUSES- AND
*J\J\J flats, Western Addition, »12 up. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st. -
<5>9X 310 NOK ST., 5 BOOMS, NEWLY
<tjP+-O. renovated; bath, stable, basement.
©lfl NICE SUNNY COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS:
•iPX V . 832 Green st. Apply DAVID STERN, 20
Montgomery St. ■ -
FLATS TO LET. 1
HANDSOME Ve \\- 1 . 11 \v i 1 ; FLAT;^ SUNNY
rooms, also laundry and servant's room; 7
large closes; natural wood finish; finest' plumb-
Ing; handsome mautels and tiling; electric liarht-
lug: 815 Hyde st.
9Q KIN CON PLACE, KINCON HILL, OFF
— O Hanrlßon St., between First and Second— Half
of sunuy house; fireplaces in parlors; view of bay.
T^LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
X' keeping, In good order; ■ rent $12 50. 22414.
0 Farrrll st.
QIC ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
0 XO. Brooms, bath. 135 San Joseave., nr. ?,4th.
"I P. A GOLDEN GATE AVE.-FOUR BOO &ia
XOKJO bath; nice yard, garden.
LEG ANT~FL AT~6 F" 8 ROOMS AND BATH,
$25: water free. 915 Haight st
9 ELEGANT FLATS, 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
— bath; newly painted and renovate.!. '825
Howard sU
C«l/' SUNNY FLATS: 5 ROOMS: BATH;
Cl V. stable. 1 35 Fair Oaks, nr. Twenty-third.
pHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
\J bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
UtO'i P. A NIC BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 6
i$A-..O\J. large rooms; bath; water. 1134
Howard *;
"TVESIKABLE SUNNY FLAT ,7 ROOMS, BATH;
XJ all modern Improvements: with water Includ-
ed. $42 50. 163 a Bush, bet Franklin and Gough.
T;\V MODERN SUNNY 4- ROOMED FLAT.
X> 6 Tremoot aye., near Waller st, G. G. Park.
V" W MODERN UPPER FLAT ON COR. OF
-L> Twenty-fifth and Folsom: choice and sunny.
.1. A. ULKICH, room 41, Crocker building. •
i*) GROVE, NEAR FJLLMORE— LOWER
*-"i — flat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard: $25.
Q99 ELEGANT FLAT; SUNNY SIDE: 6 i
O— — • rooms: bath; ■ new improvements. 762
l-'olsom st.
I 7A(4 POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I UD flats; garden, bath: $13 and $16.
"I OWEK FLAT 4 KOOMS, BATH, YARD. 25
JJ Lapldge St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
TT'LATS TO KENT FnK VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN <t HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st
LAT; 6 KOOMS; BATH; GOOD MARINE
view. 2106 Leavenworth Jt., bet. Filbert and
Greenwich.
Cil £> WATER FREE; LOVELY UPPER
i^pXD. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Las: ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third st.: key 4075.
L/LEUANT NKW'FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Yj low BrvHiit. 5 nri.i 6 room's. li»'h: $« 10 $16.
1
HOUSIiKEISPrNti KOOilJs.
Capp Street.
>.);: CAFP-4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO
*-«J let. . j
V . i-uuy street.
Q] C EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOM 8:
»' i •.) fine location; gas; range; private family;
reference. ..-'-;
(11 7 EDDY— HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.NICE-
'M 1 ly iurnlsbed; splendid loca. private
family.
Ellis Street.
-/ v' ELLIS — SUNNY parlor floor; 3
i U\) rooms: nicely furnished; also single. -- -
I ill more Street. J
OOAOI FILLMORE, NEAR CLAY— 2 FUR- I
*--uO2 nished rooms, $10; 3 unfurnished, $10. J
deary Street.
OAy GEARY— HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Guerrero Street.
9] C GUERRERO— 4 BEAUTIFULLY FUR-
— X «.) nisbed rooms complete for housekeeping;
parlors, dining-room, kitchen, bath, etc.; new,
modern, light and sunny.
Howard Street. ■ ~
1 AC A HOWARD ST.— SUNNY FRONT FUR-
X\JO\J niahed housekeepuig rooms; double and
single.
I Ufifi HOWARD— TWO FRONT BAY-WIN-
IUUU dow rooms; gas; housekeeping; private
family; rent cheap.
1 (-'OX HOWARD ST. — 3 UNFURNISHED
XU^iO rooms for hoasokeeping; first floor: $7.
Jessie Street.
DTI JESSIE— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
0 I X rooms furnished tor housekeeping; . rent
Market Street.
9HQn MARKET — ELEGANTLY FUR-
<£.\JV\J nished suite; bath; gas stove; kitchen;
$17.*
Aiisslon streak
HIT MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
Orr I piete for housekeeping; low rent.
7 MISSION — NEWLY RENOVATED
I sunny front suite for housekeeping.
Slogs street.
1 O MOSS. OFF HOWARD, NR SEVENTH— 3 I
X O furnished rooms jo- housekeeping.'
.Nuiuma .Street.
<> j 1 N ATOM A, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH—
— *- Nicely furniatied single and housekeeping
rooms from $1 up.
90 A NATOMA, NEAR 4TH— S FUBNISHED
*iOI housekeeping rooms; very convenient. : ; :
Ninth Street..
91 NINTH— FURNISHED FRONT BAY-
— 1 window room; light, housekeeping: also single.
Norfolk Street.
ft 9 NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, NEAR
•/-j Eleventh— 2 sunny rooms (separate building),
furnished for housekeeping; washroom; yard. -
Post Street. Z'kLCl'
Q99 POST— 2 PLEASANTLY FURNISHED
itJj£i houspkeeping rooms; rear; rent $10.
.-utii street. *
"I A Q SIXTH, COR. HOWARD— FURNISHED
I'iOor unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap. - " . - -
Teliama Street.
■\7ICELY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
1\ rooms; convenient; from $6; no children. 426
Tehama at. - . ..•-: -■'- - .■■
y|C= TEHAMA — NIGEL %, FU RNISHED
i OO housekeeping rooms, with bath.
luira >tr«ei-
r.lQ THIRD, COB. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
Ox O nished housekeeping rooms.
V un .>e«« Aveuue.
nor) van NKsa AYE., cop., grove— new.
_<J_- ly t'uruisbed apartments for housekeeping';
2 or 8 rooms. ' . ' -
Washington street.
CHO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
O\J4J rmhed hou;*i:keep : rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous. ..
2 OR 3 BOOMS FOR HO SEKEEPING NEAP,
park. A. L., box 82, call. .
•> SUNNY BAY-WINDOW BOOMS: BATH;
0 base > ent. Key at 19 Hampton place, oil Fol-
)iom sr.. bet. Second and Third. ' •
. BOOIU TO LET. -
California .Street. ■
1 4 OCA CALIFORNIA-FURNISHED ROOMS
14Z0 $6 and $9 for gentlemen ; reierences.
A-.Klifh htreet.
SHEBM AW A TART-MEAT HOU&K. PR BTH
O si., near Market: furni'-.ied and unfurnished.
,'X.iilti Street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MBS. KATES.
X MART, manager— A quiet house::' centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cola water.
O1 A ELLIS^2~EITEGANI FRONT SUNNY
ZdXrk suites; also 2 rooms for housekeeping.-
Of) 1 ELLIS, NKAK TAYLOR- BEST
OZil lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
nil' ELLIS — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
o^.o parlor suite first floor; housekeeping rooms.
HO trSEKEEPEfG - KOOAIS — Continued.
fifteenth Street.
991 7 FIFTEENTH— 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
jJ^JX I will room for rent. - '. : ,
.Fourth -Street. ?
AUSTRIA HOUSE, 246 FOURTH— NICE !
snnny front rooms; single or double.
*»e*ry siroo.,
91 71 GEARY — SINGLE FURNISHED
AX I a room; rent $4. Key at 217 Geary st. v r
Z.-\ Q GEARY — SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
«'J-U bedroom suites and single housekeeping;
cheap. . j
>,uiilen (,;tm Avenue. .
41 (i GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
1 - nished alcove and adjoining room.
Grove Street.
If)X GROVE— NICELY FURNISHEDLARGE
X\J>J front room; rent $7. ■■•-■■
A()Q GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
vtV/O bay-window; frontingtwostr-ets: $6.
Guerrero Street.
5 GUERRERO ST.. OFF MABKET—
nlshed sonny front room, with alcove; cheap.
O/)k1 GUEKKEftO, (OR. FOUBTKENTH—
ajV/«J2 1 or 2 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas and bath; references. . . ...
: ■ Hickory Avenue . : : -i ,:^.
99 O HICKORY AYE., 2 BLOCKS FROM VAN
Ness—Furnished room, bath; reasonable.
Howard Street.
IC\A HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINELY
•vl furnished front rooms, suite or single;
housekeeping. . ' ' . ■ ■:-■-.
1 9.CIX HOWARD, COR. FOUBTEEXTH-3
XOUU or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms: »8.
Jones Street.
90.7 .'ONES-TEE VAX WINKLK: NKW
£AJ I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly turnlshe't: bath, etc; SIU toS3U.
OAT JONES— ROOMS ELEGANTLY
OUX furnished: suite or single; board options!.
CAC JONES— 2 PLEASANT SUNNY BOOMS;
O\JO nicely furnished; hot and cold water.
(•It JONES — NICE, SUNNY ROOM FOR
UX Oman. and wife, or single gentleman; all
conveniences. • V*r:- *'"■.'•■■
1. ttruy Mini)..
QA KEARNY— FURNISHED CONNECTING
OVJ rooms, suitable tor gentlemen; electric
lights; tourists solicited. . .
i KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
xV Pleasantsunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
Juarkin Street. •
A 9A. LARKIN, SE.COB.TUBK— FUBNISHED
Ji£\) front room. $7; fireplace. j__
Lewis Street.
"I Q LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST-4
JO unfurnished rooms; $15; water free. ■'
Aiailicr mico..
Or A MARKET, COB. STOCKTON—
OO\J furnished front sunny rooms for offices.
i 1 007 MARKET— ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
IUUI suitable doctor; newly furnished, single;
transient '
V OSEUITK HOUSE, 1045 MAKKKT — PEK
X night, 35c to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Mason Street.
i I 1 MASON, NR. MARKET— SUNNY BOOM
X i nicely furnished; $1 per week.
Minna Street.
"\TICELY FURNISHED SUNNY SINGLE OR
JA room for two men. 366 Minna st. '
LiU'J MINNA, "COB. EIGHTH— FUK-
W I nished bay-wiudow rooms; $1 per week.
McAllister Street.
990 1 McAllister^ QPP. city hall—
■—■— \J-i Furnished ai.d unfurnished rooms. en
suite or single, suitable for offices.
Mint Avenue.
94 MINT AYE., OFF FIFTH, 3? R.' MARKET—
— ttr Rent reduced; furnished sunny bay-window
rooms, single or en suite; other nice rooms $1 60 wk.
Fine Street. '
I PINE ST., NEAR STOCKTON-SINGLE
Ull rooms $4 ana $5 per mo. ; private family. :
l olk Street.
•1 99A POLK— 3 SUNNY . UNFURNISHED
X— — v rooms: rent reasonable. !
Post Street.
CA7 POST— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
O\J I rooms: suites and single; terms reasonable.
. San Carlos Avenue. .
99£ SAN CABLO9~AVE.— 6 ROOMS \ AND
— _ ,XJ bath; wa;er included; $-0.
' MithSi r«-e . •■■*"■■-■•■: ••>-"' ■■
Z.AA SIX! H— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
•J JL 1 single or double; 75 cents and $1 per week.
" Stevenson Street.
] pO-OPERATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
; \J Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room.
tuner >iree;.
1"I J.Q SUTTER, CORNER POLK— LIGHT
XX IO housekeeping; nicest ' rooms; lowest
price: transients.
7AO SUTTER, COK.TAYLOK-ELEGANTLY
I \JO newly furnished sunny rms. : suite or single.
Van Ness Avenue.
7Q..1 VAN NESS AYE.— SUNN"* FRONT FUR-
I O"± nished room; $8: no sign.
Miscellaneous.
SUNNY SUITE AT THE WINDEMEBE.
cor. Bush and Van Ness aye.. 2 or 3 rooms: bath
JSOAKJDI>'«i and kooms.
A] 9 EdUy^2 LARGe"^BUNNY^ ROOMS
rkXA with board: $45 for couple.
OAQ van ness desirable sunny
O\JO rooms; first-class table board. •
OTEL BEKTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: reference* Klveu and required; ailmoil-
fpi conveniences. - .
cuili>kj>;n , isoabped. :
t\alvy would li^eTorTch ildre "to
Xj board; or take care of an infant; best of ref-
erence. Apply 1357 Howard st. '
f> ERMAN WID jW WISHES CHILD TO
VJT ooard: mother's care; reasonable. 4025
Twenty- fifth st. ..' -..-.--
offices .to let. ... ,
T^~o"~l3st"^d?)ctok : officel well^
X known and good practice. 1307 Stockton'st
TORE WITH 2 LIVING-ROOMS; 452
Halght St., corner of Fillmore. : . :.".. .*
SPRECKELB BUILDING, 927 MAKKET-
O Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
orG. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
STOKES : "WANTED. ; L ~T
CS*i 411 DUPONT ST., NJSAB BUSH. ASH-
XO. TON & GARDINER, 4II Montgomery St.
ANTED— COBNEB STORE WITH ROOMS
suitable for grocery: or will buy business if
reasonable. • Address H. H., box 105 Call. '
-•. ■ ~~ BLKDIUAL. ~ ~~-
SIIes^InV^TO~~LADIES ' SUFFiRINGI
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement DR. & ' MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. 11. and 7 to 9 p. if. !
Ll CASES OF - IBBEGULARITIEB re-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief j
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri- ;
▼ate home in confinement: - regular graduate ,
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MKa DR. WYETH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her '
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
if you .want to be treated safe and sure ca!l on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st-
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Belief for Ladies," in letter by return mail;
at druggist's. ChichesterCheru. Co., Philadelphia.
■A'LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
xi. lades troubled with irregularities: uodanser;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. :, don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. .
Ir>Oß MEN-GRKKN'S GUARANTEED CUKE;
' greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness; cure guaranteed or nion»y re-
turned: trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st. ,
ÜBE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASE-^,
O from whatever cause: - a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DB. GWYKR, 226 Turk st. <■*.. ■.-
KS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
clalty; nnexcelled m restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home In confinement: best care:
low fees; pl'l3 $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
rs. DR. WKOENKB TAKES LADIES be-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. . j- ;.-;■■
DB. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children.
R-, .1, A. ACHAKD, -MIDWIKE-HOMK IN
confinement; 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
RS. M. E. RODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
- confinement; terms reduced. 1 929 Howard st.
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MKS.DR. PUETZ and be content 2641/2 *<■"-
T>RIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. •. MRS.
X DR. FUN CKE, 1416 Eighth st., Aiameda, ,-■,.
KEtM. ti i-tf Aamiimi^ .il .1 lini, rt'iii iFiyTiii rW|-,T.in rii - r,--nT<- ,■ I'/TTiT 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1896.
TEFSONALS. '
O^THi£^i : i ; iCKBS~AND MKN OF THE
Army and members of the Loyal Legion:. MRS.
VAN REED, widow of the late Captain WILLIAM
E. VAN REED, United States Army (retired),
desires to express her appreciat on of the ' tender,'
kind sympathy and presents at the - ; obsequies of
her husband. May such a fate be far distant from
each and aIL Gratefully, - KATRINE R. VAN
REED. .. "..'■ .-.. -:■ . . :.■'-•." -.- ' .. ■■-.■ i'
"\ OUNG MAN OF 37 WOULD LIKE TO COR-
X respond with young lady, German preferred;
object matrimony. Address F. P., box 37, Call. *-■.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Va Market St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal. ■ -.-
\ DVICK FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
S\- cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market St.
TOOK MOST ARTISTIC lIAIRDRESSING GO
X? to Up To Date parlors,- 850 Market st, room 14;
hairdressing and manicuring free to all, Wednes-
day, 10 to 2. : - - ; , ."}';.
niHE ONLY HOUSE ON EARTH. ~~ ;
1 ' LINCOLN BROS., CASH GROCERS. "
226 Sixth st., middle of the block.
Salmon trout sc, eggs 10c dozen, butter 25c < roll,
picnic hams 6c tb, sweetbreads 10c can, milk 3
cans 25c, cheese 10c lb, Eastern bams 9c Ib, good
coffee 25c lb, good mixed tea 26c lb, flour 75c sack.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth St. "- ■'.- . '
MOST . RELIABLE MARRIAGE - BUREAU
for ladles and gentlemen ; fee "6c. rail on
MRS. ARNDT, 4 Twelith St. Tel. Mint 621.
A RABELLA— HAVE BEEN- USING "QUIN-
-ci. ONIA" Hair Tonic for my scalp and have had
no trouble; Mr. Lederer (111 Stockton St.). my
hair-dresser, sells It for 35c a bottle; he dresses
your hair just too lovely for 25c. JiABELLE.
AGGAGE HELD FOR UNPAID BILLS AT
the Lapham House, 506 Jones St., will be sold
at auction on Tuesday, September 1,1896. ;' .
OLLISTEK STABLES, SAN JOSK, < BUN
stage to Mt. Hamilton at any time, but be sure
and pet in your orders for August 25. Centennial
annlversay; teL 397. JOHN LEFFLEK, propri-
etor, 280 South First st. ' . ■.
1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED »1 50;
X\J\J\J show cards, etc HILL, 22% Geary st.
LADY, STRANGER IX CJTY, DESIRES GEN-
J tleman partner. 122 Post St., room 2.
IVOKCE AND. ANNULMENT . OF.-MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; legal
everywhere. Add. P. O. box 2432, S. F., Cal.
Ks! DR. WALLACE HAS MOVED FROM
2OVs Stockton to 15J/i Turk, rms. 14 and 15.
HUSBAND AND wife laws, expeki-
enced Lawyer, 1027 Market, above Sixth, rm. 6
A LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
■£*■ hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL. FULL
X course six weeks; competent graduates guaran-
teed positions; class forming. 8 Golden Gate aye.
ATCH & JEWELRY REPAIRING . STONE
engraving, monosrrams.crests : low prices ; work
guaranteed. J. N. BBITTAIN, 20 Geary st.
Y> A ZOK- FIXING OUR SPKCIALI V: FINE
edge put on razor, 2 sc. Razor Exchee,63oMarket
Velvet AND cloth CAPES below
V - manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st, upstairs.
\\7 OMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITAKIOM,
'» rooms 53 Maze building — New and scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. Con. free.
AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partington. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
KS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
-I>X cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st, room 47.
T>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketst. .
T7ILECTBIC LIGHTS IN. EVERY ROOM |
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUITS TO OKDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
O guaranteed ' . parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Company.l 117 Market St.. bet 7th and Bth.
T IBKHAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW
Xj elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3fl. cor. Je^la.
DKESSIUAKEKS. _•_.-.____
"TVRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505 Natoma St.. above Sixth.
BICYCLES.
L*~^AislE^ : RA^E^W^E^iL7^sT^96"
Xj Ben Hur, $60: Tribune, $50; Ben Hur Tan-
dem and '"96" Fowler, almost new. DAVIS
BROS., 25 Geary st. . ■ v
ufICYCLES AND TANDKMS BELOW COST
X> to close out stock. V/. CRANE, 324 Post St.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BICYCLES AND
Xi tandems at a sacrifice; $10 up; must be sold.
119 Twenty-seventh St., nr. Guerrero; evenings
and Sundays. . .
].'OK SALE— NEW 1896 1 CLE; $30.
f DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st'
WINFIKLDPKAKSON, 216 McALLI.STER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
. ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
I) single wheels. 306 Post St.: ■
UAKK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO iJ£t7
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
All later and Powell at. par lines. ■ ■ ' ■ ' ■
toil SALE- JUS A.NKI) U.-i.
F~~LOWER garden! s^greenhouses":
Xj residence: water: all complete. 809 Larkin st.
T/<OR SALE CHEAP— ONE 85-lIORSKPOWER
X I engine, boiler, shafting and pulleys. W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
/COMPLETE SET (8 VOLUMES) POMPEII
\J and Herculaneum, French; price $25. 1400
Van Ness aye. !
<Jjj 1 O HANDSOME WHITE PEW ING MA-
<JpXO. chine; 5 drawers; complete: new style
attachments; cause departure. 704 Pine st.
aNDSOME WALNUT OFFICE DESK FOR
sale cheap. 1111 Turk st, near Lacuna.
CUTQ NICE' LIGHT BUGGY. 115 SECOND
tIDXO. st, upstairs.
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
& glne; good as new; $90. ' Apply 215 Bay st.
- "I AKGE" ROULETTE WHEEL; COST $1000-
XJ price $200. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
"1 E HIGH-GRADE JERSEY COWS COMING
X O in August and Sept. B. G. MORSE, Bolinas.
"PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
XlOc.: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 26c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x
24, 46c: 22x28 in., 60c. JONES, 547 Mission st.
(TO 1 AA BUILDING ON LEASED LOT; SUIT-
«IP 1 U". able for grocery. W. CRANE, 324 Post
Lf A S, SHOWCASES, COUNTEItH, SHELV-
1J Ing, etc., bought and sold. 3063 Mission st.
PLENDID remington typewriter,
$4&: others from $20 up. REVALK, 309 Cal. '!
p OOD SECOND r HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
VT pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington hi.
T)OILERS,ENGLNES,2I>HANDMACUINERY.
X> waterplpes- Jlclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale. j
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired; separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carnage M'f'g. Co., 442 Sixth.
ACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H. P.; PERFECT
order- 2 Adams prtg presses: power. 616 Mission
nOUNTKKS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V/bonghtan'l sold. 112 iy 2 Market.bet. 7th <fe Bth.
|. UILDINUS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHKa
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1160 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARUE
fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 111 Market st.
TJURE AND BU KULAK SAFE, LETTER-
X press, platform ncales and desk -.cheap. 102 Clay.
EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECONI>
XS tjund. W. a. BAY Mfg Co.. 12 California at. :
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •■
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCBEaSE IN MY
p'ano business,: my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 526 Hayes st, between
Octaviaand Laguna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT. ., -
SPLENDID UPBIGHT PIANO; A BABGAIN.
At Sheriff's Storage-house, 211 Larkin st
4 USED STEINWAY UPRIGHT, LIKE NEW;
. V most be sacrificed at once. ■ Km. 10. 809 Mkt.
El VERY PIANO GUARANTEED; FINE XMEW
I pianos with elegant stool and scarf sold at $5
and upward per month: aaems for the Hardman,
Chase Bros, and other standard makes; second
hand pianos, $75, $125 and upward; low prices
and satisfaction guaranteed. The" J.DK WING
CO.. second floor. Flood bldg,' Fourth and Market.
ARGAIN-$7O, GOOD UPRIGHT. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
pAIR OF FINE MARSHALL & WENDELL
X uprights, $125 each : call and see our bargains.
MAUVAIS. 769 Market st
(ft I r-.fi NEW BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT
♦2) XO\J. Boston make piano. BItUENN'S. 228
POSt st. ■ ... .. - ;.,■ - - ..;■ -. -• . .' __
Q>A() BARGAIN; NICE PIANO, FOR SALE
tjp ttu on easy installments. , : 221 Leaven worth.
NOTHER SPECIAL , INDUCEMENT FOB
purchasing from • Sherman, Clay «ft Co. • ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
$6 cash payment - required: • every . Instrument
guaranteed. SHERMAN. . CLAY &%30.,, cor.
Kcarnv and Suiter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steiuway <fe Sons' pianos. T- ; ,
CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
Dianos, both I new and | second-hand at THE
F.W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, »33.Marketst
Wl G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOX HALLET
»T .<£ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac*to
EFOKE BUYING SEEHAINE BROS.', BUSH
Xf & ' Gens " and Knabe -■ pianos; 'at wholesale
prices, a. l. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 post st ; : :
/•UiJCKKKING, KNABE, STKCK.VOSE, STBS-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
tor rent BENJ. CUKTAZ & aON. 16 C^FarreU.
BY KON MA V, ■;-■ MH : POST ■ SOHMEK,
.'Newby A Kvan^Hrleiw »nd other pianos., -■-
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
OH. iIULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
. ."^ CITY REAL ;: ESTATE. .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
..-. ..... --,.- ,-,,  , - WACrtIFICE PRICE.
_ ONLY $1200 CASH.
TTIINE DOUBLE LOT. 50x127:814, ON CLAY
X?st.: just the place for modern home; mortgage
of $2400 in Hibemia Bank -can remain; only
$12110 . cash required: ' sure | speculation : | can ar-
range to build 1 or 2 houses on this property to
suit and pay by monthly installments. ■ •
• EaSTON, ELDKIDGE <fe CO.,
'■'•■ ; ■■ •-- ' '■■-'■ l ' ; 638 Market st.
IpOUB FLATS.: " : . •'• • ' - ■■■■* - ■: ,'.
1 - MUST-BE SOLD.
ACCOUNT OF FORECLOSURE.
fflMKfUi 4 FLATS OF 4, 5 AND 6 ROOMS
<J)-±UUI'. and bath; on the NW.cor. of Lasjuna
1 st.: nearly new and In good condition; 10t31:3x
100: only $1000 cash payment required, balance
monthly installments. ■••.-:'.,,,.: -
* . . EASTON, EL/»RID«E & CO.,
■■■■.■:■'- , 638 Market st. :
"L^LIiGANT MODERN RESIDENCE. , .
" NORTHWEST. CORNER ON FELL ST.
; FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE. :
©1 AAA A HANDSOME ; residence
Ks>x£.\JyJ\J. of 8 rooms, bath, billiard-room,
wine closet, etc.: substantially and .well built;
nearly new; lot worth $7000; house cost, $8250 to
build; terms, $:50!) cash, balance easy. Call at
office for permit to inspect.
EASION, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
: '.. • ■- i• ■ -.- |2 ■ 638 Market st. •
A SNAP. ■ : - ...--. :V)
NICK PAIR OF FLATS.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
$OfVAA 2 FLATS OF 4 ROOMS EACH; IN
tjfi : > IUU. good condition; near Jones: and
Broadway: must be sold at once to close an estate:
pays $300 per annum; terms, 3100: cash; rents
will pay monthly Installments on balance.
EASION, ELDKIDGE & CO., :
, ' ' 638 Market st
SURE SPEC- ~ ', '.: ■ -,• , ...
ABUKE SPEC. -: SIX BUILDING LOTS.
SIX BUILDING LOTS.
, -IN THE EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
©Onn SIX L 0T '» sxloo EACH, READY
<p t'v'U. for building: handy to Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric-cars; must s^ll together for absent owner; can
cnbdivide and realize Immediate profit 'for pur-
shaser: ; adjoining lots now selling at $250 and
upward. •.'■■■'
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
"■'-• 638 Market st.
MODERN HOME. ■ .
VICINITY. OF GOLDEN GATE PARK.
. AT A SACRIFICE.
*J£7tnn -HANDSOME MODERN BESl-
tjp I OXJ 1 ' >. dence of 12 rooms and bath on Lyon
fit.: in snlendid condition; complete in all tbe
latest details: cost over ?a500; will exchange for
San -Rafael property." •--...
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
r-t OOD INVESTMENT.
\JT . ■•:'■- ON STEINER STREET.
. i BUSINESS PROPERTY.
©nOX STORE AND : 5 ROOMS AND
i&OXZjO. flat of • 6 rooms and bath; ' good
business location on Steiner st., nr. Turk:
well-built and In Al condition. Price reduced
from $6000 for immediate sale; mortgage $3000
can remain. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
j 638 Market St.-
A FEW CHOICE LOTS. ~~ T ~ ;
FOR BUILDING.
■' .•--. '.. FOR SPECULATION.
$3000— Ellis, nr. Steiner. 25x137 :«.
$3000-Page, nr. Fillmore, 25x100. "
$a7oo— 24th St., nr. Folsom, 37:6x100.
$S6oU— Baker, nr. Washington. 25x106. ■ .
$2300— Kolsom, nr. 14th st , 25x122:6.
*1000— Fourth aye., nr. California, 25x120.
$750— 10th, ave.,nr. California, 25x120.
!f42s— 2oth aye.. nr. Pt. Lobos. 25x120.
\ EASroN, ELDRIDGE <fc CO.,
6:8 Market st.
PARE OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE A
-ll choice cottage In the Western Addition; $4200:
$500 down, balance $.5 per month, will secure an
elaborate 7--room cottage on Golden Gate aye., bet.
Baker and Lyon ■ sts.: lot V!5x137:6; nearly com-
pleted. .TO BIN & McN'ALLY, 630 Market st.
() Tl>-DAY
O TO-DAY
GO TO-DAY
AND SEE THESE LOTS.
Not a week; passes without a number. of sales
being made in the Castro-st. addition; a number
of oretty homes are being erected. If | you see the
property you will say that they are the cheapest in
the City. ■ ■- - ' i- .
PRICES $350 TO $400. •
TERMS, $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Streets graded, sewered and macadamized.
- On the line of an electric road ; - fine view; good
climate: take the Mission or Valencia st. cars,
transfer at 14th to electric road and ride to Chen-
ery and Castro sts.: agent on the ground aaily,
at 3207 2-_d St., corner Mls»ion; evenings after
7:30 o'clock.
Baldwin & Hammond.
■ 10 Montgomery st.
QMALL HOMES, $10 MO. UP; LOW PRICES;
0 easy terms. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Marketst.
}< EST BUSINESS CORNER ON THE SAN
• ' Leandro road and main street to Fltcbburg
station: size 100x100; cheap at $20 per front
foot. X; ; « '?
PESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
Xt from the San Leandro road;, streets graded
and graveled; price $500. .
TVUSINE^S CORNER AT FITCHBUBQ BTA-
X> lion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA;
1> County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to ; perfection ; splendid ,
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market. : ___„. ' ' ■
OTHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland: low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. a FITCH. Fiichburg.
W. F. McCLUBE. 19 Montgomery st., S. F.
Q ÜBSTANTI AL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
kJ $150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
UST BE SOLD— NEW HOUSE; 742 CASTRO
St., near 20th, in the warm belt of tne Mission,
containing 8 rooms and all improvements: cost
$7000: large lot; do not fall to see this bargain.
Apply next do r. /...-.::
«II?1 o;;n COTTAGE of 6 booms; bekke-
»2sxZOU..iey: lot 50x100: near station; $300
down, $15 monthly. :. • .. ■ .^- , :
$150— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery wt.
~~~~~M7>I>iEY~~XU~~iIoAN7~~~
NY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; Interest low: private entrance;
private rooms: discreet 1 attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. ■
GL'l /iA f\C\(\ TO LOAN. CITY AND OAK-
«]P±UU.UUU land, at lowest rates; life Insur-
ance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.:
SHAINWALD BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Mont-
gomery st. ' '
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
xV jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLKr
STORE. 948 Market st ; open evenings. .
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTEK-
pst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LOANED ON" JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Becurlty ■ Loan Ollica.
1106Marketst..nr. 1 Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
1 \IKECT ON YOUK FUKNITURK OR PIANO: ,
XJ so removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest.. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market su
-» NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D M.OKTGAUE-4; :
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate la uro-
bate. : McCOLG AN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OA AAA ON IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
«5) O\) ■ UUU sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 629, Parrott Building,
1 6T & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E.+
J-Utes;lowest rates:no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
DVANCESONDIAMONDB.JEWELKY. ETO
Columbia Loan <<: Collateral ofiirp 9 «rant nv.
FAWKUI(UK£iU. : ; •■■_■■<■ ■:-: -
r\ RAND CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE, 1200
VJT Market St.; money loaned; watches; diamonds;
etc. : lowest rates ; bargains in unredeemed pledge*.
T 126 KEARN V, ST., , BOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; ■■ low rates;
'prl vat rooms: elevator: 'pledges for sale cheap.
: ■ SHERIFF SALKS. ;
H^RLFT^S^ALB^GEORGE^Ii PERINB.
Plaintiff, vs. C. AUGUST WEIHE. defendant,
No. 55,803— Superior Court, Department Eight.
Order of Sale and Decree of Foreclosure. . . ..
• . Under and by virtue of an Order of Sale and De-
cree of i Foreclosure, ' Issued out rof : the . Supe-
rior Court, Department No. Eight, of the City and -
County of ban Francisco, State of California, on
' the 30th day of July, A. D. 1896. In the above en-
titled action, wherein GEORGE M. PERINE, the
' above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment and
Decree of Foreclosure against C. AUGUST
WEIHE. defendant, on the day of July, A. D.
189 H. which said Judgment and Decree was on the
29th-d»y of July, A. D. 1896, recorded in Judg-
ment Book 28 of said Court, at page 689, 1 am com-
manded to sell all that certain lot, piece or ; parcel
of land, sltua-e. lying, and being in the City and
County or san Francisco, state of California, aud
bounded and described as follows: , • - - r ■■■■ ■: . ■ ,
Commencing at ' the point formed ! by the Inter-
section of the southeasterly line of Mission street
with " the I westerly; line ' of I Florence avenue, and
running tlience southwesterly along said south-
easterly line of Mission street three hundred and
eighty-eight (8-18) feet; thence southerly two hun-
dred and ninety-five '(29s) feet to a point on the
northerly line of Morse street, distant three hun-
dred and sixty (360) feet westerly thereon : from '
Its intersection with the westerly line of Florence
avenue; thence easterly along said northerly line
of Morse street three hundred and sixty (360) feet
to i its Intersection :, with -■ the westerly line .of
Florence avenue; ' and thence northerly along said
westerly line of Florence ; avenue "five hundred
and twenty (520) feet . to the point of com-
u.encfment «..■- . . : .--:....
Public Notice Is hereby given that on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of September, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, In front of • the New City
Hall, Larkin street wing, In the City and County of'
San Francisco, I will, in obedience to | said Order
of Sale . and - Decree of : Foreclosure, >! sell the
above described \ property, or ■so much thereof as i
may be necessary to raise sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with. interest and costs, etc.,
to tbe highest aud best bidder, for gold coin of
the United States. v-" " T ■■■■■;> - . -. ■•.,*.-; ■.« ■■■:
: - RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
7 San Francisco, 'August 11, 1896. ; : :r
A. G. EELLS, No. 325 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Attorney for Plaintiff.
; COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. '■'■:'.■■
WO; FIVE-ACRE CHICKEN : RANCHES; ]
■ with running water: good improvements; only,
half a mile from town: $1500 each; one of 4 acres,
nice Improvements, flB 10; another of SYa acres,
good house, nice J orchard: ■ one of . x'Z acres.' nice
house . 9 • rooms, ' artesian ■ water, creek bottom,
close to town, half ■ cash, $2500. - D. H. TWINO,
Sonoma City. .-•-",'■ -:,..- :- ; -.' ■::' C-' ■' j'- : '■ : ' .'■
WANTED— TO EXCHANGE 12 ACRES AT
. • » Greenwood,"' Mendocino County, for . larger
place, suitable for farming; price . not over $3500:
will pay difference. Write, with particulars. G. W.
ROBINSON, Elk. Mendociuo County. ' . '
ANO. 1 ACREAGE PROPERTIES ; LO-
cated near K. R. stations, Ross Valley. Marin
County, offered in exchange for Oakland, Aiameda
and San Francisco improved properties in values
from $4000 up; • all clear and will assume small
mortgage. , * %
<3»O7CA ONE OF THE FINEST 10-ACRE
<HSO I i)U. tracts in the State, located IV* miles
from Mountain View, Santa Clara County; all set
out to ; fruits now full- bearing: common house;
good bnrn, windmill, tank and tanknouse: crop this
year will pay #700; $1000 cash, balance long time.
9 .nnn 18 ACRES OF GOOD LAND:
<g)O\J\J\J. small house: barn; 100 acres 01 val-
ley land, balance pasture; located on main county
road; living stream of water: sale or exchange.
- '.■'.■' KDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
■ . ■ Room 29, second floor. Mills building. -
ASHURST COLONY. ; . , ..
xIl At Ashurst you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaining, at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever before been offered. j We have our own
homes in this colony and are determined to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
In our very midst. ; We •- have every facility for a
grand development. - We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make, with us homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building,
San t rancisco. • - ; ;..»...•<•, ■■. < • • • -- • . .
(DJ7CAA 160 ACRES 43/j MILES FROM
«B> I O\J\J . lone,'Amador County: 36 acres fine
variety of wine and . table grapes. 8 and 9 years
old; orchard for family use; 60 acres bay laud,
balance pasture; all - fenced and cross fenced;
abundance of wood and water; good buildings;
water piped , through . house and grounds; . stone
wine cellar, winery and all appliances for wine-
making; farming implements, etc.; will exchange
for Oakland or san Francisco residence property.
SHAINWALD, BOCKBEE & CO., 220 Montgom-
ery St., Mills building.
JS . UNUSUAL OFFER— I OWN » 15,000
acres of the richest land In the state of Cali-
fornia. I grow In great abundance every variety
of fruit, grain and veeetab es grown in the State;
I h ive the advantage of water and railroad trans-
portation: my navel oranges and graoe fruit took
first premium at Midwinter Fair; my sugar beets
are unexcelled in richness and purity of sac-
charine matter: 'my irrigating facilities are the
finest in the State; all my improvements are first-
class and elegant: I will sell as a whole or an un-
divided one-lialf Interest In this valuable tract at
a price lower than ever before offered; it will pay
you to investigate this. Address A. s., box 67, Ca11.
O FATHER RANCH. CONTRA
Costa Connty on San Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture: suitable lor milk or
stock ranch. R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda Park.
LTA PUNTA TRACT, NEAR BERKELEY ;
A 1 acre and upward: Al level vegetable land,
requiring no irrigation, and in sight of San Fran-
cisco: small amount down, balance on -long time.
GEORGE W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st.
<2j/l AAA FINK MOUNTAIN HOME, OVER-
<i*ptrv/Uv/.- looking Capay Valley, Yolo county:
6UO acres; roomy ; l^-story house, barns and
other outbuildings: 3 acres orchard In full bear-
ing; 1 mile from school 2y 2 miles from railroad
and pOßtoflice; if sold soon 10 head of cattle, 1
span horses wagons and farming implements,
poultry and hay will' be Included. Address J. C.
WINTER, Brooks P. P., Yolo County. CaL
LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-i ■ V. est in the State; -selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, £35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: I 1 hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
T^OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X 1 erty— 6o acres, two-thirds orchard In bearing,
one-third bare land; near San Jose; cash value
$21,000. Address 14, L. 8., San Jose, Cal.
ANY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, - or "an ' orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years apply 326 Montgomery st. 9
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; 10.3 any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per,
acre; terms to suit, syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 66 Chronicle building.
ffir£O()jO FOOTHILLHOME IN SAN MATEO,
Or \j\J\J\J. County, 26 miles from Htm Francisco,
half mile from railroad; 5 acres: modern house: 9
rooms. Apply to C. S. MERRILL, Berkeley, Cal.
ATTENTION, LAND BUYERS— I2O ACRES
-i V choice : olive, vine and prune < lands located in
Aiameda Co., 37 miles from San Francisco, will
be sold at a sacrifice: surrounding lands held at
$76 ' per acre; make an offer; will subdivide to
suit. 57 Chronicle building. .. -: s
TITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market si., S. P. ■•
t.Mi>'OhOUR LlSl' OF ORCHARD HOMKS.
tor sale. WOOSTKR A WHITTON. Ban Jo**.
piIEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
age free. ■ : ■ ■-..-■
ALAMEOA ADYERHSEMENTS;
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
yOUB TERMS ARE OURS.
Qnnrt HANDSOME ■■ NEW COTTAGE: 6
»T«JI'V.fU. rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. Q. ,  - ■ '
©97Kf| 25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 37:6
«]r>Zi i O\J. xlOO ; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTa ' :
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
M ARCUSE & REMMEL. Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. station, Alameda, CaL Tel. 2. ".
San Francisco office, 628 Market street.
Office open Sundays ana holidays-
'->nni ■ 2-STORY, 7-ROOM HOUSE, COT-
O\J \J * ' . ta?e, 6 moms, large lot; former price
$4500: must be sold. 1. F. BAIRD, 13C3 Park
St., Aiameda. , - -•'-..- := .
ft9^rtft' :TO $5000— NEW AND MODERN
tJpZiOvl/ houses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to tralus; terms to suit the purchasers.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 Park
st., Aiameda. ' ' ■
ALAMEDA HOUSES ■TO LET.
LAMEDA— MODERNHOUSE; [10 BOOMS;
-c3l fine location: rent 8 "5. Apply 1413 Pirn st.
ALA3IEDA KOOMS AND BOARDING.
r'OQ CENTRAL AYE.; NEAR WEBSTER
UOc'st.; ; nicely : furnished : rooms with board;
piano. "■' -".:■■'.■■■'■■;■■?■.■■''■-■.:■- '': ■ - .:■••'■ ■■.■.■■■ -
: JKEKKELEfItKAL' ESTATE. '
OOD~HOMES FOR ".""BENT FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate !
and building, 21*23 Center st., Berkeley. ,
TOSEPri J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
f) Insurance agent, Berkeley statn, adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
F"~OR~REnV— ELEGANT HOT SE; 10 ROOMS:
large grounds^ stable; plenty < fruit ; Dwight
way, Berkeley; cheap rent to desirabie party.
SAMUEL <fe KNOWLES, 481 Ninth St., Oakland,
FOB: KENT FOR. ONE YEAR OR LONGER
on reasonable terms— A completely furnished
house of 10 rooms, bath and : laundry; ■ stable,
chickenhouse: roses, etc. : convenient to railway,
school and 1 university. Address -■ House, box 63,
Call office. . ■ •--"- '■-.---:'-■■■ t
DENTISTS. ■•
riROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket st., bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists;
only reliable agent for painless I extraction: artill- '
da! teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. . >' >.•■ • : --.- . -:■ .
TT'IRST-CLASS : DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X? prices; first-class results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W. C. lI.vR-
DIN(. , CM., M.D., 500 Sutter st.. corner Powell. .
. 1 \K. DLUM , HILL, 1443 JIAKKKi' .- ST..
XJ near Eleventh: I no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DX. GEORGE .W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge . work or . teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 200'Farrellst.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X 1 five i years; • extraction, 60c.; fillings, 50c.;
crowns, $3 60. ' Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. '
K. L. T. 1 KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, . bridge 1 work •- «nd ,' teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
<n;7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED a^
<£) 1 good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. siMll-i.
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. "..
PAINLESS -.--; EXTRACTION. - 60c; CROWN .
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 yean
experience. K. L. WALSH. D,D.S.. 81534 Geary.
A. LUCKETI', 1703 POsT. ST.. NEAR JSU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work. .- j
~* LL ■ WORK f REASONABLE" AND WAR-
A ranted.; DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
O ET OF TiiETH WITHO UT A fI~A.TK. ML. H.
Ofl, YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. , ...
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUd iilAtt-
ket M. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. . ■. - v
K. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate etc- Open evenings:' Sunday* till noon."
;•-. ; ; PK.;FESSIOXAL ;. CAKDS. V.
RANKSHaY. ATTORNE ;Y-AT-LAW^BOOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).:
\\r ILLS, v DEEDS, ETC. , L. SONTaG, ATT* Y
TT and Notary, 116 Market: res., 2126 Howard.
OHN E. rUCHAKD*, LAW OFFICES. ; BOOMS
t; 2ti : and 1 27, Crocker . building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. ;» ' v -;,■:; '.-'••'■ :■.-. "■■ -■:- :r j •■;:.:>
OHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
(J attys at law, rms 515,5 16, sth floor, Parrott bldg.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. "
(IJif»KAA NEW MODERN 9-RO'>M HOUSE.
ijpUJUU. garret and basement: all finished
and cemented; steam heating apparatus all com-
plete: gas and electric lighting; lot 45x122; worth,
$8000, but must be sold: north side Knox place,
bet. Telegraph aye. aud Grove st. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
"djjol^n 7-KUOM MODERN COTTAGE;
ts)£.\JO\J. bath, basement ~ and stable; nice
lawn and driveway; lot 50x168; north side Thirty-
second St., between Telegraph aye. and Grove St.;
easy terms: must be sold on account of mortgage.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
fflj9'-?nn NEW 2-STORY 6-ROOM HOUSE:
fjpJJO\J\J. just finished; all modern Improve-
ments; lot v 40x135; Derby St., near Grove: terms
to suit customer. ' A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway,
Oakland. . : ' , >
fiji 1 (U\ 4-ROOM COTTAGE: HIGH BABE-
«Jp -L-LU\.». ment and bath; all complete: lot 27x
90; : '.:6th St., nr. Market; easy terms: this is a
bargain. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway. Oanland.
<Si')l^X(\ 2-STORY; 6 R<JOMS;'NEW OR
tJP^UUv. modern improvements: lot 52x100:
Twenty-third St., near Twenty-fifth aye.. East
Oakland; terms to suit customer. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland.
O»XAAA WE ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL,
(iJpOUUv/. among other property, a fine 9-room
house, all modern and complete, with large corner
,43x103: NE. cor. Eighteenth and Castro sts.:
this property is worth $7000: easy terms. call or
address A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
flJll 'J"(| A FINE MODERN COTTAGE;
(J)lOt»U. bath and high basement; lot2axll4:
on Valdez St., near Park aye., East Oakland: $100
cash, balance small monthly payments. .A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
dM^fiOi a BEAUTIFUL NEW and MOD-
tJptrUUV. em house of eight rooms, laundry
and bath; all plumbing nickel-plated and open and
of the very finest ; plate glass; two flue mantels;
a large basement with cement floor and entirely
plastered overhead; electric gas-light ing; beauti-
fully tinted throughout: cement wa ks and fenc-
ing complete; an excellent neighborhood with
electric cars one block distant; lot 50x160: Inves-
tigate this before you buy; no trouble to show the
property. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St.
%1 *-HM\ READ THIS— WE O~FFER A 6-
ur-LOliU. room cottage and lot. 27x130, for
$17 85 per month only, and no cash down; a bar-
gain. ALDEN & KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oaklan 1.
mall CHICKEN RANCH IN EAST oak-
land for sale, cheap. Call or address 1130 East
Tweltth st., East Oakland.
BARGAIN; $325 CASH; BALANCE $20 PER
month; beautiful new, 6-room, 2-story house
on corner lot, ' o6xllO feet; electric cars puss
door; must be sold. Inquire WILLIAM P. TODD.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
\\- ILL IT PAY? YES!! SEE ALLEN DALE
' * Tract at' once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
home or paying Investment; Fruitvale, a<i joining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left; -fine school: 2 electric roads
near by: conveyance free: $5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market a  S. F.
11. Z.JONES, owner-!
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOX SALE.
Tir^OATr^DTA^lO^lJS^Y^PA^toSlzTMrTr
" sen RLLHAAS. furniture-dealer. 11th. OaKld
MONTEREY KEAL ESTATE.
inpy^Trur^snEAini^Ti^
rip^/UUv/. a lake; 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house: 12 lots, all in fruit and 5 kind 4 of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; must be
sold immediately. F. C. OALDWELL." owner,
325 Ninth st.. Oakland. -
PKOPEKTX TO EXUUANGiS.
&ti{\ ft SoTacre^ pruniS orchard';
(JpUvUl/.^ full bearing; near Los Gatos: 6-room
house, furnished: horse, wagon, chickens, tools;
will exchange for city, Oakland or Aiameda prop-
erty. Apply to 'owner, 1630 Eddy st. ;
1 OH ACRES NEAR VACAVILLE. SOLANO
1 V/U County, all nnder cultivation; good bouse,
barn, etc. ; will trade In equity for Sau Francisco
or Oakland property, Improved or unimproved;
cash value $8000. Addresslß. A., box 99, Call.
ALP SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
XI County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Office. .-
J-'OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY, OAK-
X 1 land or Alameda ■ property, Improved fruit
ranch 17 at res; 1 mile from Santa Clara: '2000
finest French prune trees: also other fruits: laree
artesian well, etc.; valued at ? 12,000; easy terms.
Apply from 6 to 6, A. YOUNG, 1406 Grove st..clty.
"I 9Q A ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J^-iOv* water: fine for cattlP-r.-ilatng. N..hx.l6.Cail
~~~ FINANCIAL.
ONE V" TO LO An" 6'n^SECURET Y.
VATN SALOMON. 328 Montgomery, r. 214
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rp rustees^sXle"' T^~:
: X in accordance with the terms ' and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by NAPOLEON ST. GERMAIN
and LEWIS W. DUNHAM, parties of the first part,
to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated February 4th, 1891; and re-
corded in the office of the County Recorder of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, in Liber 1443 of Deeds, at pages 76 and follow-
in!;: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on the
7th day of May, 1896. by tne Hoard of Directors of
said SAN Ft( ANCiSCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 10,639),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made In the payment of the principal, sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS . B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness. '
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDETJS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, tne 2sth day of August, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldri(Ue & Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate In tho City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the comer formed by the inter-
section of the northeasterly line of Eighteenth
avenue South (formerly Algeria street) with the
northwesterly line of N street South (formerly Mis-
quehanna street), and running thence northwester-
ly along said line of Eighteenth avenue South one
hundred and seventy-seven feet three and one-
fourth inches (177 and 3 14-12 ft.), more or less,
10 the westerly line of the Case Tract, as per map
hereinafter mentioned : thence along said line of tne
Case tract, north ten degrees twelve minutes east
(N. 10° 12' E.), slxty-ihre> feet eleven and one-
fourth inches (63 and 11 *i 4-12 ft.): thence south
eighty-one degrees fifty-five minutes east (S. 81"
55' E.). still along said line of said Case Tract, one
hundred and fifty-six feet two and one-half inches
(156 and 2 i/ 2 -12 ft.), to a stake: thence north two
degrees west (N. 2° W.), still along said line of
said Case Tract, eichty-eight (88) feet, more or
less, to the southwesterly line of Seventeenth ave-
nue South (iormerly Sumatra street): ' thence
southeasterly along the last-named line one hun-
dred and eighteen (118) feet, more or less, to said
northwesterly line of N street South; and thence
southwesterly along the last-named line two hun-
dred (200) feet to the point of commencement.
Being that portion of mock numDer tnree hun-
dred and forty-six (346) lying within the Case
Tract, in South San Francisco, as laid down and
delineated on map of said Case Tract, filed October
16th, 1879, in the office of the County Recorder of
said City and County of San together
with the appurtenances.
■J'kbms of salk- Cash in gold coin ■' of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed ; and If not so I uaid, unless for want ,
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sole to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL,! Trn , , . A _
THADDEUS B.KENT, / trustees.
rpRU3TEES' SALE. . ~ r ~
. X . In . accordance with the ' terms and . under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by JOHN FOSTER, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN FKANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
July 14th, 1891, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of . California, in Liber. l 466 of
Deeds, at pages 202 and following: and in pursu-
ance of a resolution passed on - the 26th day of
March, 1896, by ihe Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 11,020), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, and reauest-
ingand directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
ness.-'- ■ ■ "~ : -■ - ■■ ' ■• ■ ' ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
UKSDA V, the 25th day of August. A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of thai day, and at the auction sales-
room of fc-aston, Eld ridge & Co., No. 638 Market
street, ■in 1 - the City and County of . San - Fran-
cisco, .* State ' of i California, we > will sell at pub-
lic auction, to . the highest - bidder, for cash In gold
coin of ihe United States, all the piece or parcel
of land situate in the City and County 01 .-an
Francisco, State of California, described as follows,
to wit: ;VVrV..;V ■ '^ -.'-■: ■-..■- ■..-: .
'. ■ Commencing at a point on the northerly line of
Hermann (formerly Kate) street, distant thereon
eight y-seven ': feet six inches (87 and 6-1 ft.)
easterly from the easterly line of Webster street,
and running thence easterly. along said, line of
Hermann street twenty-five (*:5) . feet, thence at
rlehi angles northerly one hundrea and thirty-
seven feet six I inches (137 and 6-12 ft), thence at
rUht i angles westerly twenty-five (25) . feet, and
thence at right angled southerly one hundred and
thirty-seveu feet six Inches 37 and 6-12 f:.) to
the point of commencement.
Being portio of Western Addition block num-
ber two hundred and ninety-one (291), together
with the appurtenances. .'.:-- ■ -,
Tkhms of sale— Lash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
: (ten days being allowed I for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. - -
,;:•■ ;< . HENRY C. CAMPBELL, \ T _, c .
THADDEUS B. KENT, / Trustees.
LOST. ;~j.
t'oST— GKETfi^uln^BLU^VwffH^ WHITE
XJ breast; answers to game of Roger. -Reward-
by returning to Nr.UdTADTER BKOTUERS,
Sansome and Pine sts.
-1 ost— coat with VALUABLE letters
JJ Inpo'ket, in vicinity of Alamo Park. Return
to 1215 Vermont, for reward. ■ • ■
EASON TICKET FOX OEPHKL'M THE-
ater. Return 205 Larkin st. ; reward.
1 OST-OPEKA-GLASSKS, AT MECHANICS'
XJ Pavilion, Sunday. August 9. Return to 1105
Alabama St.. and receive re ward.
T)URSE, AT FOLSOM-ST. PARK, OK BET.
X there and.Slxtn st: reward. 413 Leaves-
worth st. . -■ '■"■' - ______^_^____J.
~~~ ~~ STORAGE. ~~ "'
TOR^GX^cTH^A^sTLirTIiEXrrTrKTi^
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin,
1^ UKN IT URK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; A~i>
1 vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building: Kastern plan.
~ TO 1.1 \>l .
tfo^^rTnTTTk^ea^e^so^va r A~uyr~sK'.
X) cor. Polk and Jackson sts. ; rent $50 per
month. Address J. S . 427 Sansome St.. S. F.
MAICKIAGK LICENSES.
1 be following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's oilier yesterday:
W. M. S. Reede and Virginia F. Aldrich, 32—25.
I. Darling aud Katie Flannaitan. 24—23.
A. Mantke and Annie A. Kieddel. 42—36.
Hugh Boss and Eva Engelbert, 51—45.
TUb IUVOKOIS lih.COM>.
Complaints filed: ~~~
Jlelintla Hild against Charles Hlld.
.Mary Pentz against William Pentz.
Kutlcia M. SchadUe against William A. Schadde.
Divorces granted:
Lizzie Noell from Ransom A. Noel I, for deser-
tion; by Judge Hunt.
Georsle C. Burnham from Allen F. Burnham,
for desertion: by Jodga Hunt. •
William O'Connell from Sarah O'Connell. for
habitual intemperance: by Judge Hunt. Custody
of minor child awarded to plaint
bilil ri^—tiAßßiA^— M i ii&
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be In -ened. They mm - be handed In at
either of the publication ottlcus and be Indorsed
with the name and residence 01 persons authorize 1
to have the same published. J
BOU.V.
ARMSTRONG-Tn Salinas, July 3 1, 1896, to the
7 wife of George Armitrjng, a daughter. ■ ' '• '.
CO I'.DKS— In this city, August U, 1898, to the wife
of Alber. F. Cordes, a son.
NOISAT— In San Mateo, August 3, 1896, to the
wife of Paul L. Noisat, a son. • • r
PEGUILLAN— In this city. August 6, 1898. to the
wife of E. Pegulllan, a daughter. .
REILLY— In ' his city. August 4, 1896, to the wife
of James Reillv, a son.
VIUiKO.
CARLSON— In this city, August 9,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Otto Carlson
. and Mary S. Bachman, both of san Fran Cisco.
COX— MELENDY-In this city, August 9, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Augustus C. Cox
and Violet E. Aielendy, both of San Francisco. ■
HENDERSON— MOONEY-In Brooklyn, N. V.,
July 3ii, 1836. Rev. Theodore Sommers Hender-
son and Dora Mooney, daughter of the late Jam is
. Mooney of New York.
tMJfiik.
Armstrong (infant) '. Hall, Sullivan R.
Hondanza, Mrs. Maria Hansen, Mary
Brooks, Mrs. John . Jackson, Tertius J.
Cogswell, Ray B. Johnson, Mary
Collopy, Agnes M. Karpei, Dora - ,
Corliss. Mary . McPonland, Ellen
Florentine, August Sedgley, Mrs. R. A.
Welte. Johann
ARMSTRONG— In Salinas. July 28. 1898. Infant
daughter of Mary A. and George Armstrong.
BQNDANZA— In this city. Mrs. Maria Bondanza,
. wife of the late Pasquale Bondauza. and mother
of Mrs. Elvira Merani, a native of Italy, avert 56
years and 6 - mouths. [Buenos Ayres papers
please copy. ■
£IJ-Friends ana . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. at
her late residence, 1605 Dupont street. Mass at
9 o'clock a. v. at Sts. Peter and Paul's Church,
corner Dupont and Filbert streets. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROOKS— At St. Ann's Church, Colma, THIS
DAY' (Tue.-day). at 9:30 o'clock a. m., a month'!
mind mass will be celebrated for the repose of
the soul of Mrs. John Brooks. Friends and ac-
quaintances are invited to attend. • * y
COGSWELL— In the City and Connty Hospital,
August 10. 1896, Ray B. Cogswell, aged 22 years.
COLLOPY— In this city, Aueust 10, 1896. Agnes
Marcel la, youngest daughter of James and
Johanna Collopy. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 2 days
JBO"The tuneral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at, 2 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of the parents. 853 Bryant street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CORLISS— In this city. August 9. 1898, Mary Cor-
- liss beloved mother of Mrs. Bell and the lan
Thomas Corliss, - a native of Ireland, aged 80
years.
S3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock a.m., from her late resi-
dence. 220 Thirtieth street, between Dolores and
Church. - Services -at St. Paul's Church, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FLORENTINE— In South Ran Francisco, August
10. 1896. August Florentine, beloved husband of
Theresia Florentine, and father of Mrs. Louis
Wagner, Eugene, Mary, Angelina, Victoria and
Christina Florentine, a native of ' Reichsbofer,
Alsace, Germany, aged 62 years and 2 months.
HALL— In San Jose, August 10, 1896, Sullivan R.
Hall, beloved husband of Mrs. S. K. Hall, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 45 years.
&s"Notice of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In this city, August 8, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife or John Hansen, and daughter of
C Ch ristensen of San Jose, a native of German/,
aged 23 years and 8 days.
JEJ-Frlends ' and acquaintances are respect-
- folly Invited to a- tend me funeral THIS j\)C
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 91^ Silver street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .
JACKSON— In this city, August 10, 1806, Tertius
J., husband of Annie A. Jackson, and father of
Fred, Thomas, John and Harry Jackson, a na-
< tive of England, aged 72 years 10 months and 3
days.
JOHNSON— In CUremont, August 9, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Christian Johnson, and mother
-of M nnie, William. Frank and Gertrude John-
son, daughter of Thomas and Bridget Kearney,
' and sister of ■ Daniel, Thomas, ; Edward, Bart,
John and the late William Kearney, a naive of
• Oakland, Cal., aged 29 years 3 months and 24
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DA
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, Vernon avenue, between Claremont
and College, thence to church of the ' Sacred
' Heart, where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
. brated lor < the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 ; o'clock a. M. Interment St. Mary's
' Cemetery, Oakland.
KARPEL-In this city, August 10. 1896, Dora,
• beloved wife of G. P. Knrne.. daughter of Mrs.
M. Kaufman, and sister of Charles Kaufman,
Mrs. W. Gruhn and Mrs. A. Conn of Madera,
- a native of - California, aged 35 years and 7
months. .
McPOKTLAND— In this city,' August 9, 1893,
Ellen, beloved wife of the la:e Bernard McPort-
land, and ■ mother of John - McPor land. Mrs.
Philo Lendewig and the late Thomas McPort-
land, and sister of Mrs. John McQueeney and
Mrs. Daniel Woods, a native of County Leltrlm,
Ireland, aged 57 years 5 months and 7 days.
jjQT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend l tie funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
■ . dence of - her. daughter, 147 Collins street, OS
Point Lobos - avenue, thence to Holy Cross
• Church, Eddy street, near Devlsadero, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated at 9:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEDGLEY— in this city. Mrs. Rosetta A. Sedgley.
widow of the late Joseph Seditley. a native of
Blue Hill, Me., aged 68 yean 11 months and 4
days, r Boston and Maine papers please copy,]
jfcS" Frienda - and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the , funeral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the ' late , residence, corner: Bryant and Seven-
teenth streets.: [Evening papers please copy.J ,;
WELTE— In this city. August 9, 1896. Johana
Welte, beloved son of the late Frederick Welte
and Josephine Reber. stepson of Johann Reber,
brother Of Anna Welte, and nephew. of Gottlieb,
Maria, Ambrose and , Frank Furrer an I Mr*.
. Robert . Regli, : a native of. Aitdort, Canton Uri,
Switzerland, aged 18 years 6 months and 6 days.
tfg~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOvV
(Wednesday), at - 9 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 19 Rausch street, between
Howard and Folsom, Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets,
where a ' solemn requiem mass will be cele- ■
brated for the repose of his sou., commencing at
9:30 o'clock a. v. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■• ;."■- :-~: '. - •' ■ "
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL DIEFXTORS A EMBALMEBS,
20 fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.Telephone 3080. '
Jas. McMenombt. . -■- < Ciias. McMsnouy,
 JAMES 3Ic!>IEN<)>IJKY & SOX, ' .
USUKKTAKEKS AND EMBALMKRS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
<-' Telephone No. 3354. >■■■; '-.-■■..
JAS.' ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
' FUNERAL DIKECTOKS,
19 Van Ness aye.. near Market at., San Franclsoo
Telephone ; bo. 156. \" ; , . , ' • .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN 3 MATEO '. COUNTY; NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city non-sectarian : In no sense ex-
clusive ; location < unexcelled. Omce 987 . Market
street, southeast corner of Sixth. '£*.&'ggXZXtt/e&eJi
1516
THOUSANDS FOR
T HE RAILROAD,
The Government Releases
Its Claim on 60,000
Acres of Land.
NO REASON ASSIGNED.
The Southern Pacific Secures a
Clear Title by Paying
the Costs.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S MISSION.
He Holds a Long Conference With
the Legal Lights of the
Railroad.
The eight cases of the people, otherwise
the Government, against the Southern
Pacific, filed March 2 last, to recover some
60,000 acres of valuable agricultural and
timber land, have been settled.
The railroad wins over half a million
dollars in the deal, and that, too, by the
mere expenditure of a few hundred dol
lars court fees and such other expenses as
are incidental to litigations of tne first
magnitude.
The suits in question were to have come
up for trial before Judge McKenna during
the present week. Yesterday District At
torney Foote received formal notice from
Attorney-General Harmon to dismiss the
several actions, provided the railroad
would pay the costs incurred up to date.
The exact verbiage of the stipulation to
release without prejudice was also sent.
About 3 o'clock District Attorney Foote
visited the headquarters of the Southern
Pacific on Montgomery street. He went
direct to the sixth floor and for more than
an hour was closeted with the legal minds
of that corporation. Just what the result
of that conference was can only be sur
mised. It was given out, however, that
the railroad accepted the conditions im
posed. They parleyed a while, as was to
have been expected, but in the end grace
fully acceded to the terms named by the
Attorney-General.
It is said that the action of the depart
ment at Washington in ordering the suits
dismissed was due to the recommendation
of District Attorney Foote. It is pre
sumed that he investigated the cases
thoroughly, and finding the title of the
railroad good informed the department.
In any event, whatever may have brought
about the unexpected action of the Govern
ment, it is not at all likely the railroad
will refuse the liberal offer made to it.
On March 2 last District Attorney Foote
received a telegram from the Department
of the Interior to begin suits against the
Southern Pacific to recover 60,000 acres of
land lying along the California and Ore
gon road, the Central Pacific and Western
Pacific. They had just five days in which
to rile briefs and complaints containing
full and accurate descriptions of the prop
erty claimed by the Government. By
working night and day the task was ac
complished and the suits were filed ac
cording to instructions. All the papers
made much of the litigation at the time,
and people living in the sections directly
interested were greatly rejoiced.
The news, therefore, that the Govern
ment has summarily thrown up the fight
will come like a thunderbolt to those
mostly interested, not including, of
course, the Southern Pacific. The suits
are down on the calendar for trial to-day
and will be dismissed provided District
Attorney Foote succeeded in his mission,
otherwise a continuation will be asked for
until later on in the session when they
wiJl be finally disposed of.
ROBBED A ROOMER.
Marie Morero of Sausalito Wanted for
Grand Larceny.
Manuel Morero, a fisherman living at
Sausalito, and Antone Seaman, who boards
in his house, called at police headquarters
yesterday afternoon. They wanted Mo
rero's daughter Marie arrested for stealing
$235 out of Seaman's trunk and disappear
ing with it. They were told to call this
morning and swear to a warrant for her
arre«t.
''My daughter," said Morero, "was di
vorced from her husband and she and her
child came to live with us. We all came
to the City to-day to buy some furniture,
leaving Marie and her child at home.
When we returned Marie and her child had
disappeared and Seaman's trunk had been
broken open and the money stolen. I
have seven children and cannot pay back
the money."
CORNELIUS KING'S FORTUNE.
A Jury in Judge Coffey's Court to De-
cide to Whom It Belongs.
The controversy over the property of
Cornelius King, the eccentric Mission
cooper, known during his lifetime as
"Barrel" King, was on in Judee Coffey's
court yesterday. King amassed a fortune
of over $240,000, money in bank, ail of
which he left by will to his two nephews,
Daniel and James King, sons of a de
ceased brother. Other nephews, nieces
and other relatives have come to the front
since the old man's death and are trying
to break the will, alleging the testator to
have been insane.
King died in an asylum, but the will
was made four years before he was sent
there.
All of yesterday was consumed in ob
taining a jury.
NEW TO-DAT.
The Secret of a Beautiful S^cin
Soft, white hands, shapely nails, and luxuriant
hair, with clean wholesome scalp, is found in the
perfect action of the Pokes, produced by CUTI-
CURA SOAP, the most effective skin purifier,
and beautifler in the world.
Sold throughout the world.' Pott* Drtto /un> Cum-
leu. CoxroftAxiox, Sols Fronrieton, Boston.
' , NEW; TO-DAT. _ . i^^^^^^^^^^^^ -. -n, -" ■' - ''■'" ''' ~ " w^^~~~ — .~- .■■■>---•■ .—»■».«»«.
«AW¥!IRAIDINARY ATTRACTIONS !*
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
At 15 Cents.
49 pieces 39-INCH ENGLISH MOHAIRS,
in figured and striped effects, former
price 50c, will be closed out at 15c a
yard.
At 20 Cents.
52 pieces 39-INCH FANCY STRIPED
DRESS GOODS, in grays and tans,
former price 60c, wiil be closed out at
20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
96 pieces 36-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL IM-
PORTED DRESS 300DS, in mixed,
mottled, figured and hairline stripes,
former price 65c, will be closed out at
25c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
42 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY
MIXED DRESS GOODS, former price
75c and $1, will be closed out at 50c a
yard.
At 50 Cents.
37 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
DIAGONAL STORM SERGE, former
price 75c, will be closed out at 50c a
a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 50 Cents.
25 pieces 42-INCH HEAVY BLACK
ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced
from 75c to 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
20 pieces 54-INCH CHEVIOT SERGE, re-
duced from $1 to 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 54-INCH FRENCH ALL-WOOL
BOUCLE, reduced from $1 50 to 75c a
yard.
At $1.00.
75 pieces PRIESTLEY'S NOVELTIES, in
a variety of new designs, good value
at $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a
yard.
FEATHEICOLLARS!
JUST RECEIVED— A full line of Feather
Collars, extra values, prices ranging
from $2 up to $5 50.
HANDKERpIEFS!
At 10 Cents Each.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EM-
BROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND- {
KERCHIEFS, regular price $2 40 Der
dozen, will be closed out at 10c each.
(if if Murphy Building, f
Market and Jones Streets.
CYCLERS IN THE
POLITICAL FIELD,
First Step Taken Toward a
Mighty Organiza
tion.
FOR GOOD ROADS ONLY.
Three Delegates to Be Chosen
From Each Club in the
City.
WILL DECIDE ON A CAMPAIGN
An Informal Talk Held Last Night,
Daring Which Many Ideas
Were Advanced.
Prominent representatives of the leading
bicycle clubs of this City met last evening
at the Imperial Cycling Club house on Van
Ness avenue to discuss the question of
wheelmen launching into the political
arena with the single object of getting
well-paved and well-lighted thoroughfares.
Although last night's was in some re
spects an informal meeting, it is consid
ered of profound importance, inasmuch as
it is the first movement toward a new and
well organized political power, the lever of
which may do much in determining who
shall next fill the municipal offices.
The members present were: H. F.
Wynn, vice-consul L. A. W. ; J. S. Con
well, Edwin Mohrig and R. C. Lenny, of
the Cycle Board of Trade; R. L. Radke,
president, W. L. Maule, vice-president,
and J. L. Barrow, captain, of the Imperial
Cycling Ciub; John Buckley of the Union
Iron Works; Captain F. B. Robins, Presi
dent C. Micnner, of the California Cycling
Club; H. C. Franks, captain of the Ein
tracht Cycling Club; Charles Albert Ad
ams, president, and W. B. Fawcett, cap
tain, of the Olympic Club Wheelmen; W.
I. Pixley, captain, and Sol Piser of the
San Francisco Road Club, and Captain W.
J. Black of the Golden Gate Cycling Club.
The meeting was called by the Imperial
Cycling Club and waa presided over by
Edwin Mohrig, who stated that the meet
ing had been called in order to ascertain
the proper steps to be taken toward a
complete organization.
As a preliminary move C. Michner pre
sented the following resolution, which was
adopted:
It is the sense of this preliminary meeting
that each wheeling club be invited to select
three delegates 10 constitute a central body
which shall devise ways and means and perfect
plans looking to the part which shall be taken
by the wheelmen of this City in the coming
municipal electioD.
R. L. Radke believed that prompt ac
tion should be taken, and suggested that
tne meeting or convention mentioned in
the above resolution should take place on
Wednesday. August 10. This was so de
cided, the place to be the parlors of the
Imperial Cycling Club.
The Secretary, W. B. Fawcett, was in
structed to send notices to all the clubs to
this effect,
H. F. Wynn said that not only the
clubs should be impressed with the ixu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ATJGTTST 11, 1896.
SMS!_SILKS!
At 50 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces FANCY FIGURED and PLAID
SILK, former price 85c, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
At 60 Cents a Yard.
30 pieces BLACK TAFFETA SILK, with
fancy colored stripes, former price $1,
will be closed out at 60c a yard.
At 65 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces FANCY PLAID TAFFETA
SILK, former price $1, will be closed
out at 65c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces FANCY FIGURED AND
STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, extra
quality, former price $1 and $1 25, will
be closed out at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED AND FIG-
URED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
SILK, small, medium and large de-
signs, former price $1 35, will be closed
out at $1 a yard.
LADIES' KJ GLOVES!
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, also
biack, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs, colors navy, tan, brown and red,
also black, regular value $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c a pair.
At $1.00.
LADIES' 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (large buttons to match
gloves), colors red, tan and brown, reg-
ular value $1 50, will be closed out at
$1 a pair.
RIBBONS LRIBBONS !
At 5 Cents.
FANCY RIBBONS, in assorted colors,
value 15c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 15 Cents.
> FANCY RIBBONS, in shaded effects, all
silk, value 25c, will be closed out at 15c
a yard.
(f \J Murphy Building, f
Market and Jonss Streets.
portance of this movement, but also the
vast body of wheelmen at large. "We
must," he said, "feel that this means
work. We must be careful that we are not
merely used by politicians. If this proves
a -success it means a great deal to the
wheelmen and to the good of this City."
He said that good, clean substantial
men must be chosen for office, and that
when such a candidate was found he de
served the wheelmen's undivided vote.
Mr. Michner was of the opinion that the
serious question was the securing of the
unattached wheelraen'3 aid.
Mr. Lenny suggested that certain places
on the ticket should be asked for and the
remainder of the ticket pledged.
Mr. Pixley said the voting of the wheel
men this year would De unusually large.
They would, he said, have no particular
love for any one candidate, but would
pledge their vote to the man out for good
streets.
Mr. Conwell thought the wheelmen
would be strong enoueh to demand their
wants. He also advocated that the wheel
men vote solid for the new charter, as that
would prove the surest means to their end
— good streets.
John Buckley of the Union Iron Works
said that the 300 wheelmen of that plant
would ioin heart and soul with the clubs
in any political fight for good streets. He
was appointed as a delegate and was given
power to select two more from among his
feliow-worfcers.
NO MORE DISCOUNTS.
Retail Dry Goods Merchants "Will Give
No More Commissions.
The retail dry goods merchants of this
City have for some time past been suffer
ing from the system of giving discounts
to purchasers who were not entitled to the
same. This principle of giving discounts
does not prevail in any other city, and in
order to effectually protect themseles
against abuse arising from this practice
the retail dry goods merchants of this
City have now resolved to discontinue al
together giving discounts or commissions.
They claim that this will enable them to
sell to their customers at lower uniform
prices and thus dv full justice to their
legitimate customers as well as them
selves. The following prominent dry
goods firms of this City have voluntarily
agreed upon this course, and the agree
ment will take effect from and after the
15th day of this month : G. Verdier & Co. ;
Raphael Weill & Co. : Kohlberg, Strauss &
Frohmann; DoaneA Henshelwood; New
man & Levinson; The Hamburger Com
pany; Paragon Cloak and Suit Company;
Micnels & Wand ; D. Samuels; J. J. O'Brien
& Co. ; I. Magnin & Co. ; Davis, Schonwas
ser & Co.; O'Connor, Moffatt & Co., and
R. T. Kennedy Company.
PROGRESSIVE POTRERO.
No Stagnation in the Advancement of
the South Side.
If the cutting down of hills, removing of
rocks and filling in ravines, making of
streets and sidewalks, building houses,
and, in fact, transforming an entire sec
tion of the southern portion of the City, be
a sign of improvement, then the Potrero
is right in the van of progress.
Among those who have lately added im
provements to their property are Cornelius
Jacobsen, who has finished a beat three
story flat on Twenty-second street, be
tween Tennessee and Minnesota.
The residence of Ernest Johanson and
Fred Schulz, which had recently been de
stroyed by fire, has been rebuilt and will
be occupied in the course of a few weeks.
The property-owners on the westerly
line of Indiana street are raising their
houses to conform to the street erade es
tablished on that line.
On the eastern line of Connecticut street,
south of T'ventieth, is a handsome two
story building, almost finished, which will
also be occupied by its owner, adding one
more family to the increasing number of
the southern heights.
Except in the Ottoman empire, Persia,
Arabia, Siam, China and the interior of
African countries slavery is now extinct.
Ladies who attended our- wonderful Bargain Sale last week
will welcome the announcement of the STILL DEEPER CUTS IN
PRICES MADE THIS WEEK in pursuance of our determination
TO GET RID OF ALL SURPLUS STOCK AND BROKEN LINES
prior to the opening of immense Fall importations now in transit.
In presenting a few examples of these cuts we would espe-
cially recommend our country customers to order as promptly as
possible and thus avoid disappointment, as the lines are SURE OF
A SPEEDY SALE and when once sold cannot be duplicated at the
GREATLY 11DER VALUE PRICES QUOTED !
LADE 1 SIT WAISTS!
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS,
laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy
checks and stripes, worth 76c, will De
closed out at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS, fancy -stripes, full sleeves,
laundered collar and cuffs, regular
price $1, will be offered at 50c each.
At 60 Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED
SHIRT WAISTS, in black and white,
navy and red stripe?, regular price $1,
will be closed out at 60c each.
At 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAI&TS, in fancy tan and black
stripes, yoke corded with black, regular
price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c
each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, made of
heavy muslin, sailor collar, large
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsutta
muslin, plaited back, yoke and collar
trimmed with embroidery, extra good
value for $1 25, will be offered at $1
each.
m*f Murphy Building, f
Market ail Jones Street!
WARRIORS IN
SILVER'S CAUSE,
Have Been Secretly Organ
izing for Several Years
Past.
WAGE-EARNERS UNITE.
Are Ready to Take Up Arms
in Behalf of the White
Metal.
IN OPPOSITION TO TRUSTS.
Their Membership Said to Be E ght
Hundred Thousand Strong in
the West.
For several years past secret, persistent
and apparently successful efforts have
been made throughout the United States
to unite the wage-earners of the country
under one banner to do battle for free
silver ana to wage war against the power
of monopolies.
This secret organization is known as the
Freeman's Protective Silver Federation
west of the Missouri and as the Videttes
east of that river. The two bodies are dis
tinct in their organization and are per
fectly independent of one another, but are
prepared to co-operate to the fullest ex
tent, their objects being identical and
their methods also.
It is claimed that the Western federation
is now 800,000 strong and is growing more
rapidly in membership than ever before in
its history, and the Eastern allied body is
said to be even more powerful.
For the past two months W. S. Lair has
been in the local field establishing new
companies, as the subordinate bodiesof
the federation are called, and aiding to in
crease the membership of the old com
panies. The local membership is reported
to be in excess of 500.
Although the constitution and by-laws
of the institution are printed they are
held in the strictest secrecy, and the mem
bers of the organization are not supposed
to be known as such to anyone outside of
the inner circle.
Its organization is on the military plan,
and a significant article of its constitution,
which intimates that the members are
prepared to even take up arms in support
of their cause, rends as follows:
The military part of this organization is not
in force, except and only at such times as we
may be called upon to act as a military body.
The preamble of the constitution begins
with a declaration of rights couched in the
following language:
We hold that these truths are self-evident:
That all men are created equal ; that they are
endowed by their creator witn certain inalien
able rights; that among these are life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness.
The preamble further declares:
We believe that labor is the true basis and
foundation of all wealth, and that money is
only a medium of exchange by which all labor
and its productions are purchased.
We also believe that the wealth of the world
has become concentrated in the hands of a few
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 25 Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' TENNIS
FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS, in light
and medium vertical stripes, made
with regulation rolling collar, shaped
shoulders, sizes 12>£ to 17, regular price
50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
78 dozen MEN'S FINE JERSEY RIBBED
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
shirts made with French collarette and
drawers with 7J£ inch linen facing and
taped seams, regular Drice $1 50 a suit,
will be closed out at 50c a garment.
At 60 Cents.
55 dozen "Eureka Mills" Random Wool
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
shirts made with silk tape bound neck,
drawers with long French ribbed an-
kles and taped seams, regular price
$1 80 a suit, will be closed oat at 60c a
garment.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
UMRWEAR!
At 25 Cents.
100 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIB-
BED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS,
high neck, long sleeves, pants to match,
regular price 40c, will be closed out at
25c each.
At 50 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' CAMELS-HAIR
AND NATURAL GRAY WOOL
VESTS, high neck, long sleeves, draw-
ers to matcti, regular price 75c, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 65 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck,
long sleeves, warranted non-shrink-
able, white and natural, regular price
85c, will be closed out at 65c each."
wlf Murphy Building, ./
Market and Jones Streets.
monopolists who neither labor nor produce;
that labor, although the basis of all wealth,
has been &o degraded and hedged about by
favoritism as to be found only by a very few,
and then at starvation wages.
We believe it to be an elementary truth that
our forefathers, the organizersjof this Republic,
made it a fundamental principle that both
gold and silver should be used as money oi our
country, and we further believe that Congress
has committed a great wrong by demonetizing
silvei, thereby leavine the money in circula
tion entirely inadequate for transacting the
business of the country. Furthermore, as the
amount of gold is insufficient to pay -our
foreign creditors, we are virtually a bankrupt
nation, with our laboring classes reduced to a
condition equal to or worse than the peasants
and serfs of the gold countries.
Therefore we denounce this conspiracy and
demand an increase in our medium of ex
change by the free and unlimited coinage of
both gold and silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 and
the issuance 01 a paper currency, which shall
be a full legal tender for ail debts and dues,
both public and private, paid direct to the
people in discharging government obligations,
such as salaries, pensions, Government im
provements, etc.
We demand an Initiative and referendum
law such as is now in force in Switzerland, or
of some similar form.
In the constitution it is provided that:
Each State Bhall be known as a department.
The grand councils shall be composed of the
commanding-general of each department and
his staff, and the captain of each company and
two elected delegates.
The supreme council shall be composed of
the commanding-general and staff and the fol
lowing delegates from each department: The
major-general commanding the department,
the brigadier-generals and field officers and
two delegates at large.
This is the pledge of oecrecy that all
members are obliged to take:
As it is necessary to organize our campaign
against the monopolies and trusts of the
world, and relying upon the staunchness and
integrity of the members of the federation, we
agree to bind ourselves by a solemn obligation
never to reveal any of the secrets or plans of
this organization or any of the members
thereof.
It is provided under the by-laws that:
Any person of good moral character who has
attained the age of 18 years, having renounced
all allegiance to both the old political parties
and agrees to become a supporter of the princi-
Eles of ' his federation to the utmost of his or
er ability, shall be eligible to membership
herein, with the exceptions herein provided.
Among the proscribed are:
Any person interested in the National bank
ing business, as stockholder or officer; any
lawyer practicing law, unless where satisfac
tory evidence is adduced to show that the in
dividual is thoroughly in harmony with and
interested in the promulgation of the princi
ples of this order.
Not only is an organizer at work in this
City, but agents are busy throughout the
State and coast, and they are reported to
be making ;manv enlistments to this polit
ico-militant organization.
B. N. Carrier: of Spokane, Wash., is the
present commander-general, and George
B. Weaver of the same city is the adju
tant-general.
THE CHARTER CONVENTION.
All Larse Organization* in This City
Will Be Represented.
Official communications have been re
ceived by the Merchants' Association from
the following additional associations,
announcing the appointment of their dele
gates to the Charter convention, to be
held to-morrow night. The French Na
tional League has appointed E. Meyer and
A. Freling. Court Diana of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters has appointed
J. B. Knudsen and J. W. Coleman. The
Waverly Cycling Club" has appointed P.
Allen J^y and Sidney W. Elston. The
Verein Eintracht has appointed Captain
F. A. Kuhls and Arnold Enzmann. The
Harmon le Verein has sent George Volz
and A. Rehm as its two delegates.
Accompanying these communications
were words of encouragement to the work
of the convention. The letter from the
Order of Foresters stated that "the order
of which we are members is strictly out of
politics, but loves good government."
Fifty-four organizations have now been
heard from, making the number of retru
lar delegates so far announced 108. The
five ex-Mayors of the City — Frank McCop
pin, William Alvord. M. C. Bla&e, Edwaid
LADIJAPES!
At $2.50.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of
navy blue ladies' cloth, lined with
changeable silk, neatly embroidered;
also Single Capes of black cloth em-
broidered in gray; also Double Capes
of black ladies' cloth, nicely braided:
worth $5, will be closed out at % 2 50
each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, of light weieht
Kersey cloth, in scarlet, navy, tan and
biack, finished with stitched bias bands
of cloth and trimmed with small pearl
buttons, inlaid velvet collar; also Tan
Ripple Capes, neatly braided, collars
finished with either ribbon or fancy
ruchinc; worth $7 50, will be closed
out at $3 50 each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' RIPPLE CAPES of black vel-
vet, lined with twilled silk and trim-
med with ribbon and narrow passe-
menterie; also Ripple Capes of black
velvet, neatly jetted and neck finished
with ribbon and lace, worth $7 50, will
be closed out at $3 50 each.
LADIEOUITS!
At $3.90.
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of double-
breasted Jacket and lined Skirt made
of black cheviot, worth $6 50, will be
closed out at $3 90 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE-BREASTED REEF-
ER SUITS, in tan, gray and brown
mottled effects, lined throughout; also
Blazer Suits of tan mixed material,
neatly finished and lined throughout;
worth $12 50, will be closed out at %1 50
each.
LACES ni EMBROIDERIES
At 15 Cents a Yard.
CREAM, BUTTER AND BLACK AP-
PLIQUE and CHANTILLY LACES,
all silk, 4 inches wide, regular price
25c, 30c and 35c, reduced to 15c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
CREAM, BLACK AND BUTTER AP-
PLIQUE and CHANTILLY LACES,
6 and 7 inches wide, all silK, regular
price 50c, 60c and 60c, reduced to 25c a
yard.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
2SOO yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EM-
BROIDERY, regular price 10c and
1234 c, reduced to 5c a yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
1600 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EM-
BROIDERY, regular price 25c, reduced
to 15c a yard.
Wlf Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Streets.
B. Pond and L. R. Ellert— who are now
living will be delegates at large to the
convention. The following Freeholders
who are not already regular members of
the convention will be delegates at large:
Joseph Britton, George T. Marye, J. A.
Anderson, Colin M. Boyd, Henry N.
Clement, J. J. O'Brien, Irving M. Scott,
Louis Sloss Jr. and G. H. Umbsen. These
regular delegates and delegates at large
together with the directors of the Mer
chants' Association will make the conven
tion so far number 135. Many more dele
gates have been promised as soon as the
organizations hold their meetings.
MARSICANG'S SALT.
Still Being Evaporated for the Savoring
of Food.
Patricio Marsicano makes the following
statement with reference to the attach
ment and execution on the American Salt
Company for $11,830:
Mr. Marsicano has, in addition to other large
property interests for thirty years, alone and
in, severally, individually and absolutely large
and extensive salt works near Mount Eaen, in
Alameda County, upon which he has been pro
ducing large quantities of salt. In the year
1885 a corporation was formed under the
name of the American Salt Company, to which
Mr. Marsicano agreed to sell his salt at certain
figures, the corporation to dispose of it in the
San Francisco market. The business of the
corporation was a profitable one for many
years.
About two years ago Mr. Marsicano con
cluded to deal directly with the Sau Francisco
market, instead of selling to the American Salt
Company. Amicable settlement was made be
tween the parties interested, when it was as
certained that the corporation owed Mr. Mar
sicano a balance of $11,800 or thereabout. An
arrangement was the consequence, by which
Mr. Marsicano released all the other stock
holders from personal liability, attached the
funds of the corporation in bank, took a judg
ment against the corporation and, by agree
ment with the parties, carried on the business
himself individually under the name of the
American Salt Company, all the assets of the
corporation having been transferred to him,
and he is now doing business under that name,
and intends so to do in the future,
A few days ago Mr. Marsicano caused an ex
ecution to issue upon this old judgment iv his
own favor, for the purpose oi levying upon
some additional property of the old American
Salt Company that had not come to his hands.
Near the Caspian Sea there are several
"eternal fires," so called by; tne natives,
where natural gas issues from the ground
and has been on tire for ages.
STEW TO-DAT.
CALIFORNIA LEATHER,
CALIFORNIA SHOES,
For California Children.
THE BIG BHOE FACTORY is still headquar-
ters tor Children's Shoes Nothing but solid
leather in the make-up of these shoes— STAX-
DaRD GOODS— nothing shoddy at the Big
Shoe Factory. You can depend upon this.
SOME PKICES:
Children's Pebble Button, with A. G. tip,
which never wears out 75c and $0 90
Misses' sizes 116
Youths' Genuine Hungarian *CaU Lacej Don.
gola top. poi nted toes and tip 1 IS
Same in buttons 115
Tan color, same quality '.'.'. ].'... 116
Boys' Tans 1 25
The Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes 6:30 P. M. Saturdays 10 P. M
SPECIAL LINEN SALE!
This week we will offer our
entire Household Linen Goods at
such Reduced Prices as should
command the attention of all
shrewd buyers. Hotel and res-
taurant proprietors will find it
to their advantage to avail them-
selves of this opportunity.
BLEACHED TABLE ' DAMASK,
58 inches wide, nice and styl- -90/>
ish, was 35c a yard. On sale at *-iVU
CREAM : TABLE DAMASK, '
heavy faoric, well made, that Qt»/»
was 50c a yard, on sale at . . . .*• truyj
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK,
Irish tlax, 62 inches wide, that AK(*
was 60c a yard, on sale at rxitKj
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 72
inches wide, good heavy fab-
ric, that was 75c a. yard, on £fjr>
sale at vUU
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, \
66 inches wide, satin damask, RKn
that was 85c a yard, on sale at yJtrvj
VERY ELEGANT SATIN DAM-
ASK, 73 inches wid«, " thatQi f\(\
was $1 35 a yard, on sale at. . .<jP JL«vl/
BLEACHED IRISH : LINEN
HUCK TOWELS, well made,
close weave, size 17x31 inches, d>l 1 X
that were $1 35, on sale at.... «p-L»ltl
FINE IRISH LINEN HUCK
TOWELS, handsome borders, ©"I OK
that were $1 75d0z., on sale at <jp-L»tltF
EXTKA QUALITY HUCK
TOWELS, fully bleached, size
19x40 inches, that were $2 50 a©l OA
dozen, on sale at «pl.O\/
500 dozen 3-4 DINNER NAP-
KINS, pure Irish linen, 21
inches square, that were $1 50 ©1 C)K
a dozen, on sale at «p±.«£/tJ
£©*" All Remnants and Oddments
Table Damasks, Napkins, Towels and
Toweling on sale this week.
l/Uf Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special ForWs ma
OLIVE OIL.
New Arrival from Bordeaux, France, of
the Finest Quality, Strictly Fare Olive Oil,
full quarts 600
. Regular price 90c.
This Is the purest French Olive Oil ever
put on this market.
SWISS CHEESE.
Genuine Imported Swiss Cheese, pound 360
Regular price 35c.
BAKING POWDER.
Price's Cream Baking Powder; Pure Cream
of Tartar Powder; Full Weight and Abso-
lute Purity Guaranteed; pound can 300
BUTTER. ~~
Choice Point Reyes Creamery, squares 350
Three squares for SI.
COCOA. ~~~
Gnirardelli's, Miner's and Baker's Cocoa,
half .pound can '....". 20a
Regular price 25c.
MAPLE SYRUP.
From the Pure Food Evaporating Co., Bur-
lington, Vt gallon 75c. half-gal. , 400
. Regular price 65c and SI.
sardines!"
Just Received— New Stock of American
Sardines, packed In oil and mustard, with '
key opener, can ' 6c eaoti
Regular price 10c
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COS. ICth AND WASHIN3TOJT S7S. 1 OAKLAND
1734-1736 SEVENTH STEEST f BRANCHES .
IS THE VERY BEST OXE TO EXAMIWB
X your eyes and nt mem to Spectacles and Era-
Classes with instruments of Els own Invention
i •■©••superiority t*s not been equal*! Jk] «M«
- (caibas been due to the menu «W my wot*
Qthctt liouxs— to *t. m. '
TROTS BED*.
■^ ■ nj. . BRASS BEDS. 1
mmmm "T^ FOLDING BEDS*
' \ Wire and Hair Mai-
tresses, Keel i nl n;
. Chairs, Wheel Chairs.
«ii iii. commodes, Back Ham
I i f [lI Mf if W. a. SCHROCIv,
\\\\\ V 1 -21-
-t*r7>* J~. 'Mill Svvr Montgomery
I --T-; gri— **" A St., under uraui
" ' '^mr Hotel. S. if.
_ _ __ m m % a laxative refreshins M
T A M A If fruit lozenge,
I Mm Mil very «wreeable to take.
■ "■■■"■■ tOUSTTPATION
. hemorrhoids, bile,
■ fal fl'IPlI loss of appetite, gastric aa«
Ilall I b N intestinal troubles and
I II EJ I «■ I* headache arising
;-. ■: ■■ ; ■■•-■' ■ from them.
4* ms ■ m All E. URILLON, '
GRILLON 38 D h^^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UHB DAMIASA BIXXJEK3, X'Hi«
great Mexican iiemedy ; give* JiMUft «**.
fcutu^Ui w Urn sexual Uvaa*