VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 92.
HONEST-COIN
DEMOCRATS.
All Ready for the Sound-
Money Convention at
Indianapolis.
IT WILL BE A NOTABLE
GATHERING.
Eminent Men From Nearly
Every State in the Union
Are Delegates.
BRAGG AND BUCKNER FAVORED
FOR THE TICKET.
The Florida Delegation Will Go to
the Convention With a Grover
Cleveland Banner.
INDIANAPOLIS, Iro., Aug. 3a— The
movement that brought into being the
convention of the National Democratic
party, wnich will be called to order in
Tomlinson Hall at noon Wednesday next,
started with the adoption of the platform
by the Chicago Democratic Convention.
No definite steps were taken, however, un
til July 19, when W. D. Bynum, John P.
Prenzel. John B. Wilson, John T. Dye and
Evans Woollen sent out from this city
telegrams asking for a conference of sound
money Democrats at Chicago.
From that day the movement has de
veloped so rapidly that now the National
Democracy is organized in forty-one
Mate*, all of which, it is said, will be
represented by full delegations in the con
vention this week. Mr. Bynum, as chair
man of the executive committee, has been
busy almost night and day iv pushing the
organization and he has had the active
support and assistance of many of the
ablest Democratic politicians in tbe
country.
Secretary Wilson of the National Com
mittee tbis evening completed making up
the temporary roll of the convention, so
far as be could go, until tbe Tuesday meet
ing of the National Committee. The fol
lowing States have certified the names of
full delegations elected: California, Con
necticut, Illinois, Indiana, lowa, Kansas,
K"~ntncky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Micbigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, New Jersey, North Carolina,
North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylva
nia, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South
Dakota. Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, West
Virginia — twenty-nine in all.
The following States hare notified the
executive committee that they bave
elected delegations, but have not yet sent
in their lists: Alabama, Colorado, Dela
ware, Florida, Nebraska, New fiamp-
Buire, Virginia and Washington.
These States will, it is expected, elect
to-morrow: Sew York, Arkansas, Mis
sissippi and Montana, making a total of
forty-one States, and leaving Idaho,
Wyoming, Nevada and Utah as the States
which will not take part in the conven
tion.
The convention will be notable in one
or two other particulars aside from the
suddenness with whicu it has been
brought together. It will have no con
tending factions nor opposing ambitions
and it wili contain more notable men than
any of those held this year. The speeches
to be delivered at the Wednesday night
mass-meeting by Ebrich, Fellows, Breck
iaridge, Eckels and Outhwaite are looked
forward to as notable contributions to the
sound-money literature of the campaign.
W. J. Curtis o! New Jersey, one of the
leaders of the sound-money movement in
the Democratic party of this State, arrived
in the city this afternoon. He said the
full delegation of twenty men from New
Jersey would be here and that a number
of others inierested in the movement
would attend the convention.
"The movement in New Jersey," he
said, "is widespread and powerful. Of the
fourteen members of the State Committee
when the committee voted as to whetber
or not it snould support Bryan, three
voted absolutely against such a course
and one failed to vote."
"We have three of them now on our
State committee and the secretary and
chairman of tbe old State committee are
only waiting for the State convention
for the election of electors-at-laree
to leave the old party and identify them
selves with the new movement. I use the
term old party as referring to what is gen
erally spoken of as the Democratic party,
but we do not recognize it as the Demo
cratic party at all. We look upon the ad
herents to the Chicago Platform as the
bolters, and as a matter of fact tbey are
bolters in New Jersey, for they left the
principles whicu tiie Democrats of the
State nad already declared for.
"Wnois the preference of New Jersey
for the presidential nomination?" was
asked Mr. Curtis.
"I cannot speak for the delegation," he
answered, "as we have bad no conferences
and every man comes Iree to cast bis vote
as he chooses. I ca.i say, however, that
we will probably be united and our princi
pal aim, perhaps, will be to add strength
to the strongest man. Personally I be
lieve that General Palmer would make the
ideal candidate.
"General Bragg is a man of whom I am
very fond and a man who wouid do honor
to the ticket. Watterson is very popular
and would make a very acceptable candi
date to many and there is only one reason
that I could offer for not supporting him
for tbe nomination. Coming from the
same State as General Buckner his nomi
nation for the Presidency wouid defeat
Buckner's nomination *O" <h Vice-Presi
dency and I hope to see General Buckner
get that nomination."
Tbe Florida delegation will come to the
convention to support Grover Cleveland
for tbe Presidential nomination. To-day
a telegram was received by Mr. Taggart
at the Grand Hotel from Mr. Arthur
The San Francisco Call.
Meigs, chairman of the delegation, asking
that a banner be prepared for the delega
tion. The banner is to be of white tilk
with a gold border, containing in the cen
ter the portarit of Cleveland and inscribed
with the words "Our Candidate." Mr.
Meigs requested that the banner be sent
to the Union station to meet the delega
tion at 11:50 o'clock Tuesday morning.
Chairman Bynum returned to-day from
Bradford Junction, Ohio, where he spoke
last night to a meeting composed largely
of railroad men. He says there were 4000
people in the orowd, three special trains
Having brought large numbers from the
surrounding country. The meeting was
to him, at least, a very satisfactory dem
onstration of the interest of the people in
the cause of sound money.
Senator Donelson Caffery of Louisiana,
who is to be permanent chairman of the
convention, is expected to reach Indian
apolis to-morrow.
Ex - Governor Flower, the temporary
chairman, wili not arrive here until Tues
day.
The impression prevails to-night that
the ticket is likely to be Bragg and Buck
ner.
Mr. Curtis of New Jersey expressed his
satisfaction with it, especially with the
selection of Buckner, and the Kansas dele
gation are quoted in support of tbe two
'B's."
Mr. Bynum was asked to-night if the
ticket nominated here this week would be
heard from in the electoral college.
"Certainly," he promptly responded.
"It will carry four States. 11
"What are they ?"
"Florida, Alabama and Texas are three
of them."
Nothing is known here of the intentions
of President Cleveland regarding the con
vention and its work. No one so far on
the ground has received any communica
tion from him; at least, none that has
even been whispered of in private con
ferences.
Some people think it probable that
Comptroller Eckels, who will be here to
morrow, has a message from the President
or is authorized to speak for him in some
way that will be satisfactory to the dele
gates.
McKINLEY'S MODESTY.
Chameterittie Reply to Words of Praise
from a friend.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 30.— Major Mc-
Kinley spent a very quiet Sunday. The
greater part of his mail was piled on his
desk untouched, waiting for to-morrow.
Only the most important of telegrams
were answered. The Major had for his
Truest Hon. Benjamin Butterworth, who
is on his way to the Northwest, where he
will go on tbe stump for the Republican
party. Major Butterworth accompanied
Major McKinley to church this morning,
where they listened to a sermon by Bishop
Mils. To-night Major Butterworth spoke
most eloquently of his distinguished host.
"I was going to church with him tbis
morning, aud as we walked along the
quiet shady street I took occasion to say
to him that his name was on every tongue
and that he was known in every land, and
■«.!>keii him if tb*X fact did not tend to
exalt him in bis own eyes.
" 'No,' he said, "if it tends to do any
thing it makes me more sensible of my
shortcomings and causes me to seek with
greater earnestness tban in ail my life to
learn the way in which my feet should go.
Never before have 1 felt the need of
strength and wisdom as I bave these last
two months, and never have I been so
sensible of my own weakness.' "
B RYAN ANTENDS CHURCH.
"He bate a Great JHultitudi" the Theme
of the Pom tor's Uiscourse.
JAMESTOWN, N. V., Aug. 30.— Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan attended service at the First
Presbyterian Church here tbis morning
and beard Rev. G. M. Colviile, the pastor,
preach a sermon from the text beginning
"He saw a great multitude." Tnis was
construed into a reference to the vast
multitude which- Mr. Bryan addressed at
Cleron, on Lake Chautauqua, last night.
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan left Jamestown to
day on a special trolley-car for Late wood,
six miles from thte city.
On the way out to the lake- Mr. Bryan
read in a newspaper that no hall could be
obtained in which be could address the
people in Toledo on Wednesday night.
Commenting on tbis he said he wouid
speak on tbe open prairies at Toledo if
the people wanted to hear him.
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan are stopping at the
Kent House, where a reception in their
honor was held this afternoon. To-mor
row morning the nominee and his wife
will make the trip up the length of Cbau
tauqua Lake by boat to'Chautauqua, and
from there they will be driven across the
country sixteen miles to Ripley, where
Mr. Bryan will speak. In the afternoon
tbey will continue their journey westward
to Cleveland.
CLETELAND WILL SOON ACT.
The President to Issue an Open Letter
on the Money Question.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 30.— The
Herald this morning says: President
Cleveland's visit to this city yesterday, the
prime object of which was the reception
of the Chines Embassador, afforded him
at the same time at) excellent opportunity
of discussing tbe political situation with
tbe «oui)d-raoney members of his Cabinet,
and it is said that Mr. Cleveland did not
suffer the golden chance to slip.
As soon as Li had departed the members
of the Cabinet present— Messrs. Olney,
Carlisle, Harmon and Laniont —and Mr.
Whitney, whose sound-money views are
well known, began, it is said, an informal
discussion of the situation, dwelling prin
cipally on the quest. on of a third ticket.
It is understood that Mr. Cleveland told
the gentlemen present that he would
shortly issue an open letter on the money
question, and that he bad wished to con
sult them as to its details. The discussion
was proioneed for more than an hour pre
ceding the luncheon served in Mr. Whit
ney's house, and was also continued during
the repast.
Brace Xot a Goldite.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Aug. 30.-
Chief Justice Theodore Brace of the
State Supreme Court yesterday an
nounced his fealty to the Demo
cratic party, and declined the nomi
nation of the Gold Democrats. "Why
I was nominated by that conven
tion," he said, "I do not know. I was
nominated by the regular Democratic
Convention for State Supreme Judge. I
stand upon the platform adopted by that
convention, and snail do whatever I can
consistent with my judicial position to
uphold it, both in State and Nation."
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, AUGUST 31, 1896.
An Issue Mr* Bryan Is Doing His Best to Keep Out of Sight*
SPAIN SANCTIONS
WEYLER'S COURSE
Foreigners Will Be Barred
From Intercourse With
Insurgents.
LEE'S VAIN PROTESTS.
The Consul-General Unable to
Gather Information ior This
Government.
HAVANA RESIDENTS AROUSED-
Oppose the Decree Suspending the
Gathering of- Sngar and
Ccffee Crops.
LONDON, Eiro., Aug. 30.— The Standard
will publish to-morrow a dispatch from
Madrid, saying that the Spani-h Govern
ment has expressed approval of the decree
which Captain-General Weyler has de
cided to issue, suspending the work of
gathering the coffee crop in Cuba, and
also of his action in forbidding Spaniards
and foreigners to hold any dealings with
the insurgents. The dispatch alto says
the American Consuls in Cuba have pro
tested against the inforcement of the
latter order, upon the ground that it.
would prevent them from securing infor
mation that tbe State Department at
Washington required and would be con
ducive to demands for indemnity by
American citizes, whose property suffered
in consequence of the carrying oat of the
order.
WAGING WA R O N WET LER
Havana Spaniard* May Demand That
Me Be Recalled..
KEY WEST, Fla., Aug. 30.— Great ex
citement prevails in Havana over Wey
ler's decree in regard to the sugar and
coffee crops. It is believed that, if issued,
tbe decree will be strongly opposed. Seri
ous complications are expected from the
Spanish element. It is rumored that the
Conservative party held a secret meeting
last night and decided to ask the home
Government for Weyier's recall, and if re
fused to forcibly expel him, as was done
to General Dulce in the last war.
It is understood that Consul Lee has
strongly protested against the notice
posted at the entrance to Cabana Fortress,
stating if the American Consul presented
himself there to detain and arrest him.
Lee has also demanded that Weyler make
a full investigation of Charles Govin's
death.
It is further reported that Quintln Ban
dera and sixty followers have crossed the
southern section of the trocha and are now
operating around Pozo Redondo and that
Bandera will assume command of the
forces in Havana province, heretofore
under General Zavas, who was killed in a
recent engagement.
AERONAUT BALDWIN'S FALL
He Receives Injuries Which Will Doubtless
Prove Fatal — Sad End to a Ro
mantic Career.
DENVER, Colo., Aue. 30.— Sergeant Ivy
Baldwin, attached to the Signal Service of
the Department of the Colorado, fell from
his balloon while making an ascension at
Ki itch's Gardens to-day and will probably
die from bis injuries. As the balloon was
released and rushed upward a sudden gust
of w:nd blew the aeronaut, swinging from
a trapeze, against a tree, the shock dazing
him so that be lost his presence of mind,
and when above the treetops : c let go his
hold, failing a distance of forty feet.
Both arms were broken, a hip dislocated
and one eye wan seriously wounded. He
was taken to St. Anthony's Hospital,
where he lies unconscious.
Ivy Baldwin has had a romantic career,
having given balloon exhibitions all over
ttie world. About two years ago Captain
W. A. Giasford, who has been experi
menting with balloons as a means of sig
naling in army work, induced Baldwin to
enlist, and his practical Knowledge of bal
looning has been of great value. The
aeronaut has been taking great interest in
the equipment of the new balloon park at
Fort Logan, where practical operations
were soon to be inaugurated.
ARTIST REINHART DEAD.
Succumbs to Briqht'a Disease at New
York— His Work Had Gained Him
Great Fame.
NEW YORK. K. V., Aug. 80.— Charles
Stanley Ren. hart, the artist, died of
Bnght's disease of the kidneys at 1 o'clock
this afternoon somewhat suddenly at the
Players' Club, 16 Gramercy Park.
Charles Stanley R a inhart was born in
Pittsburg, Pa., May 16, 1844. He went to
Paris in 1867, and ?tudied for about a year
At the Atelier Saisse. In 1868 he went to
Munich, where he became a pupil at the
Royal Academy.
In Jan nary ,1870, he entered the establish
ment of Harp r & Bros., New York, where
he remained until July, 1876. After five
years of independet work in New York,
during which time he made drawings lor
various publishing houses, he renewed his
contract with the Harpers in 1881.
He was well known for his excellent
work in black and white for book and
magazine illustration. He had exhibited
ir> Paris, Munich and various cities of tbe
United States, and was a member of the
Water-color Society/and various other art
associations.
His works in oil include "Clearing Up"
and "Caught Napping" (1875), "Recon
noitring" (1876), "Rebuke" (1877), "Sep
tember Morning" (1879), "Old Lifeboat"
(1880), "Coast of Normandy" (1882). "In a
Garden" (1883), 'Mus-el Fisherwoman"
and "Flats at Villerville" (1886), "Washed
Ashore" (1887), which gained honorable
mention at the Salon of 1837, and the
Temple gold medal at the Academy, Phila
delphia, in 1888, ana "Tide Coming In"
(1888). Among his water colors are
"Gathering Wood" and "Close of Day"
(1877), "At the Ferry" (1878), and "Span
ish Barber."
ON A PRIVATE MISSION.
Jf. Ribot, t!x-Pr«tnier of France, Arrive*
at Xeuf York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 30.—Alexan
dre Felix Joseph Kibot, ex- Premier of
France, arrived here on the French line
steamer La Bourgogne this morning.
When seen on the pier be said that he was
on an entirely private mission, and he
preferred not to talk on any subject of
current interest. He said that Mme. Ribot
was an American, and was at present in
this country, and that his principal object
was to see her. Mme. Ribot is a daughter
of the late Isaac Burch, who was at one
time a banker in Chicago. M. Ribot went
to the Murray Hill Hotel.
PLOT FOR INDEPENDENCE
The Governor of the Pnilippine
Islands Disperses a Force
of Rebels.
Two Spanish Warships Will at Once
Bs Sent to Manila With
Troops.
MADRID, Spais, Aug. 30 — The Gov
ernor of the Philippine Islands telegraphed
to-day to the home Government that he
easily dispersed a force of 1000 armed
rebels, who gathered in groups after it
became known that tbe conspiracy for
securing tbe independence of the island?,
in which they were concerned, bad been
discovered. The Governor further states
that he drove 4000 of the conspirators,
most of whom were poorly armed, to the
wooded mountains. He askes that a force
of 1000 infantry and 1000 marines be sent
to Manila at once. Tne Government will
grant his request and immediately dispatch
two warships to the Philippines,
PRINCE LOBANOFF
DIES SUDDENLY.
Foreign Minister and Chan
cellor of the Russian
Empire.
ON HIS WAY TO KIEF.
Traveling With the Czar aod
Czarina en Their Tour
of Europe.
A MAN OF STRONG CHARACTER
Cool ' Headed and Clear • Sighted He
Was Never Swerved From
His Purpose.
LONDON, Esq., Aug. 30.— The Daily
Telegraph to-morrow will publish a Kief
dispatch saying that Prince Loban< ff-
Rostovski, the Russian Minister of For
eign Affairs, who accompanied the Czar
and Czarina on their recently begun
foreign tour, died suddenly to-day while
on his way from Vienna to Kief.
Prince Lobanoff's nomination to the
Chancellorship of the Russian Empire
marked tbe inauguration of a new era in
Muscovite politics. M. de Giers was con
l tent wit i a perfectly passive role while at
the bead of the Department of Foreign
Affairs, leaving all tbe initiative to the
late Czar, who retained in his own hands
the direction of Russia's international re
lations, while Prince Gortscnakoff — at any
rate, during the last decade of his life
was so much absorbed by questions con
cerning his failing health and by his
quest for pleasure that he had but little
time to devote to the affairs of state, tbe
administration of which he abandoned to
subordinates, who were naturally afraid
to assume any responsibility.
Prince Alexander Lobanoff-Rostovski,
however, was a man of a very different
stamp. Masterful in character, cool
beaded and clear-sighted, he would not
permit himself to be swayed by any one—
not even by the Czar himself— from the
course which, upon mature reflection, he
had decided to be the right one to adopt.
Unlike the majority of bis countrymen, he
never gave way to impulse, never lost his
temper and never manifested any of that
passionate enthusiasm to which the Slavs
are so prone. Nothing ever seems to dis
turb his equanimity, while his inde
pendence of character was something ab
solutely unique in a Russian. Possessed
of a vast fortune, as well as of a lineage
which, extending back to Rurik, is, from a
Russian point of view, superior even to
that of the Emperor, he regarded himself
as fully tbe latter's equal as far as blood
and ancestry are concerned.
Prince Lobanoff, when Embassador at
Vienna, received a '.eleg'-ani from the
Grand Duke Nicolas Mcolaievitch, in
which the brother of Alexander II an
nounced the hour of his arrival and de
manded that Prince Lobanoff should meet
dim at the station. Without betraying
any sign of irritation at tbe arrogant tone
of tbe dispatch, he contented himself with
sending an attache to the terminus to
meet tbe Grand Duke, and to inform him
that he wojild be pleased to see him at the
embassy. He would not even call upon
Nicolas at his hotel, but waited at home
to receive the visit of his Imperial High
ness, whom he greeted on tbe threshold
of his library with that urbanity which
characterized bis manner to high and
low alike.
Not a word of *poloey did he offer for
having neglected to obey the behests of
the Grand Duke, and that tbe latter might
be under no misapprehension as to the
receipt of his message, he had taken care
to lay the telegraphic dispatch on the
desk ; n such a manner tnat its contents
could not fail to catch the eye of any one
entering the room.
Tbe Grand Duke took his les'on meekly,
nor did he ever take more trouble than
on this occasion to express hia regard for
the Embassador. who subsequently heard
privately from St. Petersburg that Alex
ander 111 had been .delighted with the
snub administered to his uncle.
MaWAIIAM iXfORTS.
The Trade With the United States Is
Doubled in a Year.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 30.-Con
su'-General Mills at Honolr iv, supplant
ing a former report calling attention to
the diversion of Hawaiian trade from San
Francisco to New York, writes to the de
partment under date of August 13 tbat
during the six months ending June 30 the
total exports from Honolulu to the United
States were valued at $8,748,526 40, against
$4,499,916 27 for the corresponding period
last year, an increase of nearly $4,000,000.
Of this total $8,542,78164 repn nts the
value of sugar sent to America, *_', 475,532
of it going around the Horn to New York,
except a small cargo, which went to Bos
ton. Already during the present calendar
year the direct shipments to New York
have amounted to $3,046,368 49.
SATULLI'S SUCCESSOR.
The Hew Papal Delegate Will Sail From
Italy *ext Sunday.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Ang. 30.—Cardi
nal Satolli has received a letter from
Rome announcing that Archbishop Mar
tinelli, the new Papal delegate, will sail
from Genoa on the steamer Fulda on Sep
tember 6.
Tbe ceremony of the installation will
take place at tbe residence of Cardinal
Satolli and will be an impressive yet very
simple function. Cardinal Satolii will in
vite a few personal friends to be present.
Cardinal Satolli will sail on October 17.
Dr. Rooker will remain in Washington as
Martinelli's secretary.
GRAY GABLES ROMANCE,
The Governess of the Cleveland
Children Weds Grover's
Coachman.
A Substantial Check Signed by the
President Is Among Their
Presents.
SANDWICH, Mass., Ang. 30.— The an
nouncement that a wedding had occurred,
in which the contracting parties were
members of the household of Gray Gables,
excited Sandwich to-day, since report had
it that the ceremony had been performed
in this little town. Report for once
Droved true, and Rev. J. D. O'Keefe au
thenticated the rumor that tbe happy and
handsome couple which left the parochial
residence this afternoon was composed of
none other than the coachman and gov
erness in the family of the President.
The bridal party drove up from Gray
Gables early in the day. going to the home
of J. W. Dalton, where they had luncheon
and prepared for the ceremony. Liter,
the pastor having been apprised before of
their coming, they went to the parochial
residence for the service.
The bride. Miss Jennie Schultz Landers,
was attired in a pretty traveling dress of
dark color and was attended by Miss
Sophie E. Peterson as bridesmaid, while
J. W. Dal ton acted as best man for John
J. Nolan, the groom. No invitations had
been issued for the ceremony, and Done
but the members of the wedding party
witnessed it.
After the service the party drove back to
Gray Gables, where a wedding breakfast
was served, and where the couple were
heartily congratulated by both tbe Presi
dent and his wife. Mr. Cleveland remem
bered the couple, with a substantial check
I as a wedding gift.
Mr. and Mr-. Nolan wili take a bridal
trip of short duration, after which Mr.
Nolan will return to Gray Gables and the
bride will go to Washington to make
ready for the return of the President's
family.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LI MOURNS
FOR GRANT
Visits the Tomb of the
General at Riverside
Park.
ESCORTED BY MOUNTED
POLICE.
The Celestial Embassador Much
Affected as He Enters
the Crypt
PLACES A BEAUTIFUL WREATH
ON THE CASKET.
Afterward Calls on the Widow of the
General and T kens of Esteem
Are Exchanged,
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 30.-Li Hung
Chang, despite the fact that he attended
a dinner given in his honor Saturday
night by the ex-ministers to China at the
Waldorf and had remained up at least an
hour beyond his usual hour for retiring,
arose this morning at 6:30 o'clock. The
great man breakfasted at 8 o'clock, after
wnich he retired to his sitting-room. At
10 o'clock a delegation of thirty Chinese
merchants, representing tbe Lee Fam in
the-'e parts, called on tbe Embassador to
pay their respects. The delegation, which
was headed by the Ciinese Consul, was
attired in all the splendor of Oriental
dress, and their pietails were carefully
groomed. The members of the delegation
all bowed, almost to tbe ground, as they
entered Li Hung Chang's presence, and
the great man returned the salute. Tbe
audience lasted for more than an bour,
and it must have been a pleasant meet
ing, for the delegation was smiling all
over when they came out of the room.
Tne most interesting part of the pro
gramme was the visit of the Embassador
to the tomb of General Grant on the River
side drive. Li Hung Cbang had a great
admiration for General Grant, who was
one of his heroes. At an early hour in tbe
forenoon a crowd began to gather in tbe
vicinity of the Waldorf anxious to get a
glimpse of tbe famous Chinaman. Acting
Inspector Hariey, with a force of 125 men
stationed around the house, kept tue peo
ple from crowding around the hotel.
There was no cavalry escort to-day, the
mounted policemen doing the honors.
The programme of the Viceroy was a per
sonal one, and this accounts for tbe ab
sence of the Government escort.
The hour set for Li's visit to Grant's
tomb was 3 o'clock. Before that time the
police stopped traffic and nobody was ad
mitted into Twenty-third street. A dense
mass of people lined the sidewalks along
Finn avenue as far as tbe eye could see.
There were bluecoats stationed all along
the route wuicb was covered by the dis
tinguiabed visitor. This was: Fiftlx
avenue to Forty-ninth street, to the Boule
vard, to Riverside drive and the tomb.
Aciing Police Inspector Thompson was in
command of 500 men, stationed around the
tomb and along the drive.
Colonel Fred Grant, accompanied by his
son, Ulysses Grant, and by his brother,
Ulysses G^ant, of San Diego, Ca:., arrived
at the Waldorf at 2:20 o'clock. . Mrs. Grant,
the widow of General Graut, who was
staying at tbe Fifth avenue Hotel, was
driven to Colonel Grant's house. 25 East
Sixty-second street, where Li Hunt; Chang
was to visit her after tbe ceremony a: the
tomb was over.
An immense wreath which the Emba»
sador was to place on the tomb of the
dead general was first carried downstairs
from the Viceroy's apartments. This
wreath, carefully guarded by a member of
Li's suite, was placed in a cab and taken
to the tomb.
Precisely at 3 o'clock Li Hung Chang,
escorted by General Ru^er and Colonel
Grant, came downstairs and walked
through the corridor of the hotel to the
Thirty-third-street entrance. There a car
riage was waiting and he took nis seat in
it. Colonel Grant, Genecal Ruger and the
official interpreter occupied seats in the
same carriage. In the second carriage
were General Miles, General Horace Por
ter and Henry W. Cannon. Uiysses
Grant, the i»on of Colonel Fred Grant; his
uncle, Ulysses Grant, and Mr. Drew, were
in the tbi.d carriage. Then came tbe Chi
nese Minister and ex-Minister to China
General F. Seward. In the last carriage
were four attendants of the Embassador.
Li Hung Chaug's chair occupied a car
riage all to itself.
Everything was ready in a few minutes
and the start for the tomb was made at
3:10 o'clock, the carriag s driving at a fair
gate up Fifth avenue. U Hung had his
famous umbrella over his bead all tbe
way. He received an enthusiastic ova*ion
from the 30,000 or more people who lined
the Riverside and Mcrningside drives.
A large space surrounding the tomb
bad been roped in, giving the spectators
a good opportunity of witnessing the pro
ceedings. At tf-.e foot of the streets lead
ing to the crypt wa3 stationed a sergeant's
; Now Hood's Sarsapafilla will do you great
' good by purifying your blood, giving you
appetite, sweet, refreshing sleep.
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
la the best— in fact the One Trae Biood Purifier.
nOOa 5 Pills ape the only S«b«(h1U».
nOOU 5 KIIIS W iib flood's SursmwiU*.2
guard from Governors Island. A solitary
policeman stood guard at the gate of the
tomb, in which had been placed earlier
in the day a wreath from Mrs. U. S.
Grant Sr., consisting of white roses and
galaxy leaves tied with a satin bow. Li
Hung C ang and party drove up River
side drive opposite the tomb at 4:15
o'clock. His appearance was a signal for
hearty cheering.
There was a short delay while one
of the Chinese attendants hastened back
to a rear carriage to bring Li Hung
Chang'a sedan chair. When it arrived he
was carried by four policemen from the
road to the tomb. He carried his um
brella in one hand and a gold-mounted
cane in the other.
Oa reaching the top of the flight of
steps Li alighted. The heavy iron door
leading to the tomb wa3 then opened. Li,
after taking in one hand his floral wreath,
entered the crypt and placed it on the iron
casket. Before doing so he made a pro
found bow. At his Bide were Colonel
Fred Grant, his brother U. S. Grant of San
Diego, Cal., and his son, U. S. Grant Jr., as
well as Lo Fung Lv, the Chinese inter
preter. On the steps outside stood Gen
eral Ruger, General Horace Porter,
Colonel J. J. McCook, J. H. Seward and
Captain Mills. Several members of the
Viceroy's suite, including his son, Lord Li,
also stood near the entrance.
Li's wreath was a beautiful affair. It
was about four feet in diameter and con
sisted of bay leaves and white and mauve
orchids tied with yellow velvet. The oc
casion seemed to affect Li deeply. In con
versation with Colonel Grant he referred
to his admiration of the late General's
qualities. One of the leading reasons, he
added, for returning home by America
was to visit his friend's grave. Through
the interpreter he made many inquiries
about the mausoleum, toward vrhicn he
forwarded Hon. John Russell Young a
check for $500.
After remaining standing for twenty
minutes alongside of the casket Li uttered
several words in Chinese and made a pro
found bow. Stepping backward to the
door he repeated the same words to him
self and made a second bow. ' Then he
withdrew. As he seated himself in the
sedan chair the crowd uttered a rousing
cheer. Tnis seemed to please him greatly,
for he gently nodded hiaJiead.
The eutire party then entered carriages
and were driven to the residence of
Colonel Grant in East Sixty-second street.
There a crowd of 3000 people awaited
them. Li declined the use of the sedan
chair, and leaning on the arm of General
Ruger and Colonel Grant he ascended the
flight of carpeted steps. At the d&or he
was met by Ulysses S. Grant, son of the
late General. The other meniDers of the
party followed.
The Viceroy was conducted to the parlor,
where he was received by Mrs. Grant,
widow of the late General. Mrs. Grant
and Li are old friends and the meeting
was affecting. Mre. Grant met his Excel
lency in China in 1879, when accompany
ing General Grant on his trip around the
world.
The Viceroy was presented to all the
invited guests. He spoke feelingly to Mrs.
Grant of the great lost she had sustained
in the death of her husband and said he
would always cherish the General's
memory.
Then the Viceroy presented Mrs. Grant
with several pieces of brocaded silk, a rare
Chinese vase and a number of chests of
tea. He also presented U. S. Grant Jr.
with a valuable jade stone. The Viceroy
seemed to enjoy iu3 visit greatly. Refresh-
ments were served, but Li contented him
, self with taking two enpsof tea and smok
ing a few cigarettes. The visit lasted an
hour. When Li was on the point of leav
ing Mrs. Grant presented him with a large
sized steel engraving of her husband.
Li Hung Chang, accompanied by Colo
nel Grant, reached the Waldorf on his re
turn at 6:45 p. m., and retired for the night
at 8:30 o'clock. He will leave the hotel at
7:30 a. m. to-morrow to board the United
States dispatch boat Dolphin. After in
specting the warships down the bay West
Point will be visited.
TURKEY AND THE POWERS
Russia and Austria Reach an
Entente in Support of
the Sultan.
Foreign Diplomats Warn the Porte
That Grave Consequences Will
Follow Me ss acres.
VIENNA, Austria, Aug. 30.— 1t is re
ported that an entente has been reached
between Russia and Austria, by the terms
of which the two Governments will oppose
the claims of the Armenians upon Turkey
and will support the Sultan in tne main
tenance of his territory intact.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Aug. 30.
The city to-day has been quiet, and no re
ports of further disturbances have been
received. It is announced that the Gov
ernment has decided to leave it to the
choice of the residents whether or not the
city shall be illuminated to-morrow even
ing, upon the occasion of the twentieth
anniversary of the accession to the throne
of the Sultan. . No pyrotechnic diplays
will be permitted, however.
Last night a number of shots were fired
and bombs exploded in the Galata
quarter. Six Armenians were arrested.
Bombs were also thrown at the offices of
the Credit Lyonnais and the tobacco regie.
Yesterday the foreign diplomats, after
holding a somewhat protracted confer
ence, wired a strongly worded note to the
Yildiz appealing to the Sultan
directly, in the name of the countries they
represented to put a stop to the horrors
which were being enacted, and to which
in some instances members of the various
embassies had been eyewitnesses. The
foreign representatives in their note men
tioned the violation and pillage of the
homes of foreigners and the maßsacre of
Armenians and warned the Sultan of the
grave consequences which would ensue if
a stop were not put to the killing and pil
lage.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 30.— The Daily
News to-morrow will publ.sh a dispatch
from Constantinople giving a report of an
interview with Mr. Barker, who, instead
of Governor Vincent, as before reported,
was held as a hostage by the Armenians
who seized the Ottoman Bank on Wednes
day last. Mr. Barker says his captors
tola him they came from Macedonia and
that they intended also to attack the
Porte and the patriarchate, to blow up the
Voivoida police station and seize the Credit
Lyonnais, but matters were precipitated
at the Ottoman Bank. They further said
that they would shortly return to Con-,
stantinople and persist in their demands'
upon the Government until they should
get what they requested, namely, the re
forms formulated by the powers in 1895,
together with, complete autonomy for the
province.
Loans on watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Uucle
fibrils', 16 Urani avenue.
SOCIALISTS OF
GERMANY TO MEET
Much Important Business
to Come Before the
Congress.
ANARCHISTS NOT IN IT.
But the Sessions Are Expected
to Be Very , Lively and
Interesting.
THE CZAR'S VISIT TO BRESLATJ
Court Whispers That the Kaiser Gets
a Scolding From His Mother.
Various Notes.
Copyrtg ed, 1898, by ths United Associated
Presses.]
BERLIN, Geemany, Aug. 30.— 1t is now
announced that tne annual congress of
the German Socialists will be convened at
Sieblichen, near Gotha, ou October 1L It
was originally intended to hold the con
gress in the city of Gotha, but this was
found impossible for the reason lhat the
executive committee of the feocialists were
refused the occupancy of any hall in tnat
city capable of containing the number of
persons who would be present as delegates,
to say nothing of the spectator?, the own
ers declining to allow their halls to be
used for the purpose of Socialist meetings.
The programme of the congress is heavily
charged with resolutions in which a num
ber of questions appear. Foremost of
these is the question of reorganizing the
directing committee and the local com
mittees, wnose working mechanism suf
fered to a great degree under the decrees
issued against Socialists by Herr yon
Koeller during the latter part of that gen
tleman's occupancy of the post of Prussian
Minister of the Interior.
Then there are the reports of Herr
Bebel, the Socialist leader in the Reich
stag, upon the International Socialist Con
gress recently held in London, applying
to the German Socialists the lessons which
the Continental Socialists leained at the
London congress, and there will certainly
be a lively discussion of Herr Bebel's pre
sentation of his views and recommenda
tions. Next the congress will be asked to
pronounce in favor of proportional repre
sentation in the electoral system, it is
only natural that the delegates to the
congress should support the proposal for
proportional representision, which, if the
method should be applied, would have the
effect of sending nineiy-hve Socialists to
the Reichstag instead of forty-three, as at
present. The debat3 on this question will
be purely academic, as there is not the re
motest chance that the system of pro
portional representation will prevail in
Germany. Among the other subjects of
debate by the congress will be Dr. Lat
genau's reports on the proportional repre
sentation system, Frau Clara Kettin's
paper on woman's rights and Herr Aver's
reiort on the question of organization.
The meeting is likely to be an exceed
ingly lively and interesting one. despite the
fact that the anarchists will be kept out of
the congress, for th->re is certain io be a
row over the upheaval which has occurred
within the fold of the Vorwaerts, the lead
ing organ of the German socialists, six
editors of which journal, headed by Dr.
Adolf Braun, published a protest in the
leading column of the Vorwaertson Thurs
day denouncing Herr Liebknecbt's dicta
torial management of the paper. Whether
Liebknecht be present in Berlin or absent
from the city he absolutely controls the
policy of the Vorwaerts without even the
pretense of consulting with his col
leagues.
"If," says the protest of the editors, "the
authority of Herr Liebknecht is alone com
petent to decide all questions we unani
mously resign our connection with the
paner.
The immediate ground of the quarrel,
which has resulted in the withdrawal of
tne principal pditors of the Vorwaerts, was
the action of Herr Liebknecbt in disavow
ing the attack made in the paper upon the
Socialist leader, Herr Quarek of Frank
fort, apropos of his scheme for thp estab
lishment of workingmen's syndicates.
To the general public this disputing over
Socialist jealousies and the open exhibi
tion of insubordination of the minor lead
ers in the Socialist party presents a pitiful
spectacle and is greatly weakenine popu
lar belief in its force as a political factor.
The temporary silence of the German
newspapers in regard to the ministerial
crisis does not imply that the Emperor
has arranged with Prince Hohenlohe that
the latter shall retain the ChanceJlorship,
nor does the announcement of the Reichs
anzeiger, the official gazette, that a bill
for the reform of military judicial pro
cedure is to be considered by the Buncies
rath to avert the resignation of the Chan
cellor or remove the probability of a con
flict between the Kaiser and the Reich
stag.
The fact is that a great deal depends
upon the nature of the measure placed
before the Bundesrath. If the Emperor
assents to the reorm demanded by the
Reichstag making the military tribunals,
independent proceedings and the supreme
military court's final proceedings public,
no constitutional struggle will arise over
this question. But the Emperor certainly
will not assent to such a measure, and
every one knowing the exact situation
still expects that the matter will give rise
to a fig t in the Reichstag of the gravest
character in defense of the constitutional
authority against the court cabals.
If Prince Hohenlohe retires alter seeing
the visit of the Czar to Breslau concluded
hi 3 retirement will be the <<ienal for a gen
eral rising against the Emperor's secret
advisers, his military cabinet, his naval
cabinet and his civil cabinet, which are
now practically ruling the affairs of the
empire.
The imperial court will remain at Pots
dam until Christmas. The arrangement
of the Emperor's programme for the com
ing week has been slightly altered. The
Emperor will leave Potsdam on Tuesday,
going to Dresden to attend the military
maneuvers there. From Dresden bis
Majesty \nll go directly to Breslnn, where
he will receive the Russian Emperor.
Prince Henry of Prussia, the Kaiser's
brother, will also go to Breslau, and after
the gala opera performance in honor of the
Czar will start on Sunday directly for
Kiel, where he will receive the Czar upon
the arrival of the latter there. All busi
ness will be suspended in Breslan on Sep
tember 5, the day of the arrival of ti e
Czar and his reception by the Emneror.
After the military maneuvers the Kaiser
will proceed to Kiel and go on boarl the
imperial yacht Hohenzollern, from the
deck of which he will watch the naval
evolutions.
There are court whispers that the
Empress Frederick has written to the
Kaiser rebuking him for ignoring the visit
to Germany of the Duke nnd Duchess of
Soarta, the latter ti.e Emperor's sister,
who have recently been staying with the
letter's mother, Empress Frederick, at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGDST 31, 1835.
Kronberg. The Emperor quarreled with
his sister over her conversion to the Greek
church upon the occasion of her marriage
to the heir to the Greek throne, and has
since given the cold shoulder to her and
her husband.
The Catholic congress, which closed
after a five days' session at Dortmund on
Friday, passed a resolution proposed by
Dr. Porsch, warning German Catholics
against emigrating to America under the
present economic conditions. Among
the other resolutions adopted were those
condemning the practice! of dueling
among officers of the army and navy, and
deploring the fact that no Christian
power has effectively espoused me cause
of the Armenians. Resolutions were also
passed advocating the repeal of the an*i-
Jesuit law and the prohibition of the em
ployment of married women in factories.
The International Women's Congress,
which is to sit in September, now counts
300 delegates as certain to be present, in
cluding Florence Routledge of the British
Women's Trades Union League.
The Tageblatt is still pursuing the ques
tion of the safeguarding of German inter
ests in Samoa. In an article published
yesterday the paper says that in conse
quence of American intrigues in Samoa
the German cruisers Buzzard and Falke
and the dispatch-boat Mowe have been or
dered to Apia.
For the first time since 1870 French
visitors have begun to return to the Baden
races, once their favorite resort. The re
newed prestige of the Baden meeting was
chiefly due to the largely increased sum
of money which has been expended for
this year's meeting. Prince Egon vr»n
Furstenberg and the Prince of Wales fp
peared on the course two days side by side
with Prince Hermann of Saxe-Weimar,
who was a guest of the Count and Count
ess Festetics at' Hamilton Palace. A
large number of Americans were present
at the races.
Lieutenant Harlan of the Prussian
Uhlans, who was the victor of a noted
leng-distance ride, was killed a day or two
ago by being thrown from his horse. He
was the son of a Mr. Harlan, a former
Prominent Marksmen Who Are Competing for Honors at the San Jose Tournament.
United States Consul in Germany, who is
now living in retirement in Dresden.
Dr. Barth, the noted Radical Unionist
leader in the Reichstag, sailed for New
York from Bremen on August 25, on board
the steamer Havel. He goes to America
for the purpose of watching the Presiden
tial campaign and the election. Dr. Barth
is especially interested in the currency and
tariff questions.
Tne American Theoiophists, Mesdames
Tingley and Wright and Messrs. Hargrove
and Patterson, had a warm reception upon
tneir arrival here at the hands of the rep
resentative Tbeesophists of Germany. The
Theosophists of Berlin, Hamburg, Dresden,
Nuremberg and Breslau have sent dele
gates to the Theosophist congress.
The Emperor gave a prolonged audience
on iridav and another on Sunday to
Freiherr Marschali yon Bieberstein, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs. The interview
resulted among other decisions in a re
solve not to assent to Great Britain's con
version of the protectorate of Zanzibar
into a crown colony. It was also agreed
that in view of the fact that it might
prejudice German consular rights to act
otherwise Seyyid Khalid, the usurping
Sultan, who* escaped from the burning
palace at Zanzibar and took refuge at the
German consulate, should be surrendered
to the British authorities if he is guaran
teed treatment as a prince and a prisoner
of war.
The Berlin Bourse, for the first time in
a quarter of a century, has decided not to
close its doors on the' occasion of the anni
versary of the battle of Sedan.
The Disconto Geseilschaft is at the head
of a syndicate formed for the purpose of
establishing a new bank in Venezuela, to
which institution will be assigned the re
ceipts from Venezuelan custom*. The
scheme has for its object the conversion
of the internal debt.
Lieutenant C. E. Vreeland, naval at
tache to the United States embassy here,
has returned to his post at the embassy
from Rome. He will be relieved in Sep
tember by Lieutenant Niblack.
CANTE CURRENSTS FOR AMERICA.
Abolishing of Duties Results in Ship
ments To this Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 30.— The
American Consul at Zante, Greece, an
nounces the first shipment of Zante cur
rants to the United States in several
years, the last tariff act (Gorman bill)
having abolished the discrimination
against these currants under the McKin
ley statute. The first two shipments Bont
this mouth were of 1550 barrels.
JVo Cabinet Crisis in Japan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 30.— The
significance to be attached to the resigna
tion of the entire Japanese Cabinet, which
was apparently not deemed of sufficient
importance in Tokio official circles to
notify the legation at Washington, is
thought here to be wholly personal.
Count Ito, having resigned after lone
wishing to be relieved of official cares, his
colleagues have formally tendered their
resignations on tue appointment of his
successor to give tne new Premier, Count
Kuroda, an opportunity to select his own
assistants.
BULLETS FLY ON
SAN JOSE RANGE,
Marksmen in Competition
for Prizes at the
Butts.
TURNERS WHO SHOOT.
Unfavorable Light Prevents the
Making of Phenomenal
Scores.
SOCIAL GATHEKING AT NIGHT.
Large Numbers of Rfl men From
Surrounding Cities Are in
Attendance.
SAN JOSE, Caj,., Aug. 29.— This has
been a great day with the San Jose Turner
shooting section. While the rifle range
has been used this was the first big shoot
for prizes, and an invitation was extended
to marksmen all over the State. The con
tests will continue to-morrow, and the fes
tival will end with a ball in the evening.
The Turn Verein has now a membership
of over 200 and the shooting section boasts
of forty marksmen. It was organized in
1893 Dy Captain Klein, starting with a
charter membership of twenty-five. A
year ago the organization purchased a
pretty plat of four acres of ground three
miles south of San Jose. Ornamental
trees were set out and arbors constructed
to beautify the park. To-day the trees are
in foliage and the arbors are Covered with
hop vines. A dancing pavilion, bowling
alley and shooting stand and six targets
(200 yards) are among the other improve
ments. The range is fitted witu all mod
ern appliances and the targets are backed
by a high hill. The entire property and
improvements cost over $6000. A line of
electric-cais connects the park witu San
Jose.
Last night the guests began to arrive,
the first being the San Francisco Red
Men's schuetzen section, all in uniform.
This body was under the direction of Cap
tain John Tildemann, First Lieutenant
Henry Griebe and Second Lieutenant
William Dressier. This morning the first
train from San Francisco brought down
William Ehrenpfort, Dr. L. L. B»bin and
Mrs. Babin, H. fetrecker ot San Joaquin,
Philo Jacoby, O. Schlueter ot Woodland,
Fred Wille, Adolph Strecner, John Ut
schig and others. The guests were met at
the depot by the San Jose Turners and the
San Francisco Red Men, headed by Schu
bert's baud. Alter marching through the
principal street the pleasure-seekers and
marksmen went out to the park. There
the following committees were in charge:
Committee on anangements— Hugo Otter
(chairman), L. Webefe Captain Fred Schu
macher, ired Baumgartner, H. Rohr, A. Ourr
len, L. Zeigler, L. Heuning and George Keffel.
Prize committee—*. Posky, George Keffcl, F.
Baumgartner and Karl Klein.
Captain Schumacher presided as shoot
ing-master and F. Posky as master of
ceremonies. Tue bowiing contests were
under the direction of Henry Doer. The
refreshments in the pavilion were under
the supervision of Mrs. F. Schumacher,
Mrs. L". Buff, Mra. M. Posky. Mrs. A.
Zeiler, Mrs. G. Otter, Mrs. H. Prugmeier
anil Mr 3. M. Schmitt.
Those who did not care for shooting
went to the pavilion, but few caring to
walk around the grounds on account of
the moisture, lor it rained last night and
this morning. The rain, no doubt. Kept a
number away from the park.
It did not take the riflemen long to get
to work on tt.e targets. , The rules are the
same as govern all. There were four point
and two honorary targets. On the point
targets there were fifteen prizes for the
best centers and fifteen for the most points.
Silver medals will be given to marksmen
making over 50 points and cash prizes for
100, 200 and 260 points.
An extra prize consisting of a beautiful
gold medal, do.mted by the San Jose Mer
cury, will be given to the marksman scor
ing the most points in both days' shooting.
On the honorary target, 25-ring German
standard, tuere are 75 prizes, valued at
$750. These consist of jewelry, silverware
and household goods. Three shots consti
tute a score.
At 10 o'clock the targets ware opened
and the rifles were quickly popping for the
first bullseye on the honorary target. The
honor fell to Jacob Fournie and he won
%1 60. The last bullseye in the forenoon
was contested. William Ehrenpfort and O.
Schleiter pulling together and getting the
red flajr at the same time. It was decided
that they should divide the honor and
prize.
Dr. F. Bangs started out well on the
honorary target, making 22, 23, 24 — 69.
Dr. A. M. Barker followed soon after with
20, 24, 22—66, and Jacob Fffurnie with 21,
17, 23-61.
On the Doint targets the shooting was
fairly good. W hiie there was no wind, the
light was not as good as could be desired.
When the targets were rung down at
noon the Turners and their guasts re
paired to the pavilion, where the ladies
had prepared a fine lunch, to which jus
tice was done. Captain Schumacher in a
neat speech welcomed his guests and bade
tht i enjoy themselves. Captain Tiede
niann of the Red Men, Philo Jacoby, Wil
liam Ehrenpfort and others also spoke
briefly. When the tables were cleared a
Jarge number engaged in dancing, while
the riflemen returned to the range.
There was a lively struggle for the first
builseye after noon, and it fell to the lot
of John Utschig to win the $2 50 prize. A.
Strecker's first ticket on the honorary
target crowded Dr. Bangs', as he made 22,
21, 25—68. J. Utschig quickly went two
better: 24, 24, 22—70. Ou the point target
Philo Jacoby made a peculiar ticket,
which showed even, holding but poor
luck, as he got no red flags. It was: 1, 2,
2, 1, 2, 2, 1, 2—13 points. J. Utschig had
better success, for he ran 2, 1, 2, 3, 1, 1, 3, 2 —
15 points, the highest made up to 3 o'clock.
As the afternoon advanced the condi
tions of light were less favorable to good
shooting, the clouds and sunshine playing
tricKs on the bullseyes and sights. As a
result no very good scores were made.
A. Strecker reached 16 on the point tar
get, while Dr. Bangs, Dr. Barker and Uts-
chig pulled up, close with 15 each. The
last bullseye in the afternoon was made
by A. Strecker.
To-morrow both targets will be kept
open from 10 to 5 o'clock, and it will be
late in the evening before the cash and
honorary prize-winners will be known.
To-ni.p;ht the Turners and their guests
and wives and daughters had a jolly time
in Turner Hail on Third street. L.
Zeigler officiated as master of ceremonies.
Four large tables were spread with re
freshments. W. H. Currling delivered the
address of welcome, speaking for Mayor
Koch, to whom this pleasing office fell,
but who is ill.
Mr. Currling discussed the singine, ath
letic and shooting sections of the Turners
and said that these three were the only
true manly sports, in fact they went to
gether.
Henry Hirsch, assisted by the singing
section, sang a solo entitled "On Guard."
He was recalled repeatedly.
Living pictures were presented by the
Turner athletes, which" showed the fine
physical training they received at the
hands of Professor Ritter.
The Turners look forward to a fine time
to-morrow. A number of marksmen are
expected from San Francisco, and in the
evening the prize distribution will be fol
lowed by a grand ball.
CARE DPTEN OFF SH ORE.
Aeronaut Cole Jirotened and Bis Cotn-
vanion Aurrowly Encnpes.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 30.— Professor E.
D. Cole of Ann Arbor, Mich., an aeronaut,
was drowned in the bay off Presque Isle
this afternoon, and his companion, Josie
Carmo, narrowly escaped a similar fate.
The couple had been here for some days
giving balloon ascensions at a resort on
toe bay shore. They made an ascension
this afternoon, and were to drop with
parachutes. The high wind carried the
balloon off shore, and in a short time Cole
and his companion found themselves
struggling in the water. Miss Carmo's
life preserver held her up until assistance
came, but Cole's got away from him, and
being unable to swim, he quickly sank.
His body was recovered twenty minutes
alter ward.
Shot Wife and Daughter.
COLUMBIA, Mo., Aug. 30.— John A.
Hunt, a teamster, fatally shot his daugh
ter, Mary v . here last evening. He then en
deavored to kill bis wife, who ran from
the house and fainted in the garden,
where she was found a half hour later
slightly wounded. Hunt mounted a horse
and left town. It is supposed he is de
mented. The wife is unable to give any
reason for her husband's crime.
Tin Found in Meriro.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 30.— A special
from Guanajuato, Mex., says: One of the
most extensive deposits of tin in the world
has been found near here. There are over
100,000,000 tons of metal in sight. It assays
6}^ per cent pure tin. A company of
American and Mexican capitalists has
been formed to develop the deposit.
POLITICS SOUTH
OF TEHACHAPI,
H. Z Osborne May Fill the
Republican Electoral
Vacancy.
TO SUCCEED CROCKER.
The Editor Said to Be the State
Central Committee's
Choice.
M'KINLEY'S STKENGTH GROWS.
The Bryan Tide Now Ebbing Through
out the Southern Portion of
California'
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Aug. 30.— 1t is
stated that the Republican State Central
Committee has decided to place Colonel
H. Z. Osborne, editor of the Evening Ex
press, on the electoral ticket, in the plaie
made vacant by the resignation of Colonel
C. F. Crocker. It has been argued by the
friends of Osborna that, as the northern
part of the State was represented in the
choice of Irving M. Scott, Southern Cali
fornia should be recognized, too. Mr. Os
borne is prominent in politics in this sec
tion and is popular in the party.
The one topic of discussion to-dny has
been the monster political demonstration
in favor of McKinley at Hazzard's Pavilion
last night. The result of the attempt of a
band of Democrats to disturb tne orators
has been to set taoughtful people against
the chaotic Bryan crowd. Colonel Harri
son Gray Otis, whose able sp?ech at Pasa
dena did much in aid of the cause, said
to-day: "The great meeting has done
much to unite Republicans and to insure
the chances of a victory for McKinley."
In the same strain were the words of
Colonel H. Z. Osborne, Frank Flint and
other prominent men who have studied
the situation. Some who favored free
silver at the outset now begin to see that
open mills and busy factories are what
the people need and that free silver on the
Bryan plan is a delusion and a snare.
John C. Collins, a well-known carpenter,
who has summed up the situation care
fully said to a Call correspondent to
night:
"At the outset there was considerable
hurrah over Bryan in laboring circles, but
I can say beyond all doubt that the tide
has set in the other way in dead earnest.
Where ttiere were ten men for Bryan at
the start there are not five now."
In every part of the city there is marked
interest to-day in the campaign for pro
tection ana prosperity and the Republi
cans are feeling much encouraged since
the inauguration of the campaign with
the monster meeting.
WOMAN'S CAURR IN SAN MATEO.
' Growth of the Sentiment in ' favor ' of
Equal Suffrage.
REDWOOD CITY, . Cal., Aug. 30.— The
woman suffrage movement io San Mateo
County is daily gathering in its wake new
adherents to the cause. Those who at
I first were indifferent or disinclined to the
enfranchisement of women have, upon
mature consideration of the subject and
the enlightenment received through . the
opinions of prominent individuals
throughout the country, become con
vinced of the absolute necessity of equal
ity of suffrage.
Precinct clubs have been organized in
every precinct in the county and it is ex
pected" that by the first of November every
voter. in the county will have been reached
and a thorough canvass rave been made.
The workers in the cause are energetic in
their purpose and feel sanguine of success.
Local suffrage clubs have teen organized
in the larger towns and much enthusiasm
is shown. ; The Non-Partisan Free Suf
frage Club of Redwood City, Woodside,
San Carlos and Belmont has enrolled over
sixty names and on Friday evening. Sep
tember 4, will give the first ot a Series . or
meetings in Assembly Hall, Redwood
City. A fine program nre is in preparation,
some of the . best talent is engaged for
the occasion and an interesting and con
vincing ■ entertainment is anticipated. A
cordial invitation is extended to all. -MBf/i
At San Mateo last week a large and
enthusiastic^meeting was held at the resi
dence of Mrs. Carrie Jury at which time a
local Political Equality Club was formed
and with a large membership. It is the
intention of the club to bold meetings, as
often as deemed necessary and to educate
the people to the justice of equal rights of
women.
f Rev. C. E. Rich, an ardent advocate of
woman suffrage, is addressing good audi
ences in different parts of the county and
by his convincing arguments is doing
much for the cause. "
Cceur d'Alene City's Wrath.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Ausr. 30.-A. A.
Crane, delegate to the Free Silver Repub
lican Convention from Kooten County.
Idaho, was hanged in effigy at Cceur
d'Alene City to-day. Crane was elected
as a free silver man and to support Sena
tor Dubois for re-election.
When he reached Boise City he went
into the convention of gold Republicans
and stood with them. News of his action
reached Cceur d'Alene City to-day, and
the citizens hanged his effigy on a public
street. On a placard were the words,
"Acclamation Crane," and on his feet was
hnng v picture of Judas Iscariot. The
Effigy hung across the street for several
hours.
Rally at tort Jones.
YREKA, Cal., Autr. 30.— A roußing pole
and flag raising, followed by a McKinley
meeting, was held at Fort Jones last even
ing. Fort Jones is situated in Scott Val
ley, the leading agricultural district of Sis
kiyou.
The meeting was attended by farmers
from all over the valley, and was addressed
by Superior Judge Beard, H>n. L. F. Co
burn, C. B. Jill son, R. 8. Taylor and R. C.
Nixon. Major A. G. Myers was chairman
of the meeting.
San Jose Mass-Meetings.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 30.— The Repub
lican League of this city will on Thursday
afternoon inaugurate a series of afternoon
mass-meetings for the benefit of farmers
living in the vicinity of San Jose who are
unable to attend meetings in the evenine.
Addresses will be made by Miss Susan B.
Anthony, Hon. H. V. Morehouse, J. R.
Patton and J. C. Black. An innovatioa
at the meeting will be a large number of
lady vice-presidentb who will occupy seats
on the platform.
Orangr's »i/rer Orator.
ORANGE, Cal., Aug. 30.— At a meeting
held last evening under the auspices of the
Orange Non-Partisan Silver Club C. 8.
Stowell of Orange replied to the speech
delivered here a week ago by Colonel T. V.
Eddy of* San Francisco. Mr. Stowell's
oratory made up for any deficiency in
argument, andhis speech received fiequent
applause.
STOCKTON'S TEAM DEFEATED.
Old Pioneers of ban. Francisco (Tin at
STOCKTON, Cal.. Aa ? . 30.— There was
lively ball playei at Go >d water Grove to
day. Heavy batting and fine fielding kept
the spectators cheering from start to
finish.
Both shortstops did brilliant wort and
stopped everythine that came their way.
Smith, the center-fielder of the old Pio
neer team that came up from San Fran
cisco to play the local men, caught six
beautiful skyscrapers and won all the
honors for his side. Billings, the Stock
ton shortstop, did great work with the
stick. He placed three base hits to his
credit and one of these was a home run.
Lochhead, the Stockton pitcher, bad an
off day and pitched wild ball at times.
Smith and Murphy for Stockton and
the Old Pioneers each lined out a three
base hit, and Pace ana Chase of Stockton
and Peters for the visitors are each cred
ited with two base hits. The fielding wa3
almost perfect. The runs by innings were
as follows:
Stocktons. 0 4 0 0 0 0 15 0-10
Old Pioneers 1 4 0 4 0 0 0 2 •— ll
Santa Montr i Wheel Rne-s.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 30.-The
third meet of the Los Angeles Wheelmen's
Leaeue took place to-day on the Southern
Pacific Park track with a large attend
ance. The results were:
One-third of a mile race, best two in three —
A. Griffin, J. L. Standefer.W. A. Taylor entered
First heat— Taylor first, Hutton second; time,
:40%. Second heat— Standefer first. Taylor
second; Time, :43. Third heat and race—Tay
lor first, StHndefer second; time, :43}-j.
One-mile tandem— \V. W. Hatt<«n and Emil
Ulbricht, C. Miller an<l F. W. Hoi brook en
tered. Millar and Holbrook won ; time, as iin
nounced, 2:02, which beats the best track
record.
Special race between Harmon and W. Ald
ridge, contestants starting from opposite
siaes of track— Dead lieai ; time, 1 :3O> J.
One mile, handicap— VV. \V. Hatton, Emil
Uibricht, seratfli ; \V. A. Taylor, Charles Mil
ler, F, W. Hoibrook, 15 yard*; J. L. Standefur,
W. J. Hutton, 25 rirtfs; W. M. Aldridge, 35
yards; Arthur Gr.ffln, 40 yards; W. K. Har
mon. 50 yards. Hoibrook won. Miller second
and Uibr cht third, lime, 2:23'^.
W. W. Hatton rode a mile, paced first half
by Ulbricht and Taylor, s-jcond halt by Miller
and Aldridge, in 2:00.
l~nirmity of the Pacific Athlete*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 30.— The students
of the University of the Pacific have
organized an Athletic Association, which
will have full charge of the football and
baseball teams. J. R. Zuck is president,
W. Sherwood vice-president, R. Trevarrow
secretary. J. Williams treasurer, P. R.
Mimes sergeant-at-arms. Athletics have
received an impotus, and the university
will have a strong football team this
season.
ftaseball at Sitnta Crum.
6ANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 30.— The
Electric baseball team beat the First In
fantry team at Vue de l'Eau Park to-day,
but the game was more interesting than
that of last Sunday. The soldiers made
the first run of the game, and did that in
the rirst inning, but they were unable to
add more than three to it and the game
ended wiih the score 10 to 4.
Knocked Out in the Sixth.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 20.— Paddy
Purtell, tne local welter-weight, and
Jimmy Ryan of Cincinnati fought this
afternoon at a spot about twenty miles
south of this city, and Purtell scored a
knockout in the sixth round. Until the
very termination of the go honors went to
Ryan, whose defeat was largely attributed
to his lack of ring generalship.
Van Herat " Outclassed.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 30.— John L. Jones
of Hartford City, Ind., and Johnny Van
Heest of St. Paul fought to a draw for a
puise of $100 at a point near the Michigan
State line early this morning. Jones had
the be^t of it despite the decision.
NEW TO-DAT. '
KEEP COOL ABOUT IT.
: Fighting mad, of course, but It don't do any
good. You're swindled buying of those un-
scrupulous fakirs who talk about $2 for $1,
etc. Your remedy is to trade at Boos Bros.'
Thirty years of satisfaction to
the buying public — thirty years
at one corner, every year seeing
an increase of business— -isn't
that a good guarantee that you
will be treated square ?
Boys' Reefer Suits this week
in all-wool fabrics, perfectly tai-
lored — None neater or
better.
C' Boys' All- Wool Long Pants
Suits, excellent value at $7.50. ■
See our pretty little Overcoats in the latest
plaids, all wool, double capes, for ages 3 to 7.
Our price $4 and $4.50, but they are worth
more.
You can buy by mail just like you were at
the store. ..'.■-' ( *
DR.MCNULTYT
mHISWBLL-KSOWN AITD BELIABLE BPE.
1 clallst- treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NEKVOU9DISKABEB OFMEN'ON'LY. Hestooa
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
. Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
•:•* He corrects the secret Krrors of Youth and their
i terrible effect', Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. . L',..Uj
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
; preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
t medical treatment. His New "•mphle.on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. : Terms
: re Houra^B to 8 dclly; 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Bnn.
' days. • 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and s*»
credU confide . Call on or address .
. :■--.".: P. KOSCOK McNULTY. M. D. t
16^ Eeiirn; St., Sun Frsnoiaco, CsL
jay Beware of strangers who try to talk to yo»
; about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers fur swindling doctor*.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES '•■ H. PHILLIPS, ' ATTORN EY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 03i Market st, opp*.
' MK>PaUc*ilOMi. Telephone 57U. "wlittiM^ Idij
*«U«. 'i'elepugae. -fuM" adtfl.RAID ON AN
OUTLAW LAIR
Mexican Rurales Capture
Three of Galiegos'
Cutthroats.
ATROCIOUS CRUELTY OF
THE BAND.
One of Its Victims Found Tied
to a Tree in a Lonely
Canyon.
BOUND, GAGGED AKD LEFT TO
PERISH.
Almost Dead From Exhaustion When
Discovered — Stolen Horses Re
turned to Owners.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 30.— Campo,
the sun-burnt little border town, the
headquarters for startling scrimmages be
tween the officers of the law and horse
thievee, smugglers and Mexican despera
does, comes to the front with another
delectable story of villainy vanquished
and stolen horses recovered. The pic
turesque train of events had their begin
ning in Lower California, but more than
one Campo citizen lost horses, so every
body in the town was interested in the
det ■
For months, even rears, the officers on
both sides of the line have had trouble with
horsethieves, who drove their plunder
down onto the desert and into tbe Cocooah
Mountains, below the line, where tney
were free from American officers and
ready to fignt any Mexicans who pursued
them. For a year past it has been known
that a large gang of thieves had its head
quarwrs at a certain park in the Coco
pahs, and the officers even learned tne
names of most of the eang. It was found
that there were twelve men, ten known to
the Campo people and two strangers.
During the past month the thieves have
been especially lively. Eighteen or
twenty horses were stolen from the vicin
ity of Campo alone, and below the line the
Mexican ranchers complained that their
horses seemed to take wing? and fly away.
The thieves became so bold that they
stole hcrses in dayli?ht out of the fields,
driving them down through the pine for
ests of the peninsula and thence to the
Cocopah stronghold.
This high-canded proceeding aroused
the officers on both sides of the line, and
rosses were sent out to overhaul the des
peradoes- The American officers, not
daring to cross the boundary line, could
do iktle beyond patrolling tne border,
while the Mexican rurales penetrated into
the Cocopaiis, searching for the head
quarters of the gang. Meantime the
ranchers tnemselves went on the hunt,
trying to recover their own stock.
On the 15th inst. two Mexican ranchers,
who had missed ten horses, started out
with the"intention of recovering them or
making lead fly in the attempt. They took
rifles and plenty of ammunition, and fol
lowed the trail of the horses toward the
Cocopah range. They saw by the trail
that five or six men had driven the stock
away, so they moved cautiously in the
purs-
In the range they found a little, park
like mesa, with good feed, and there, ap
:ly w::h no guardians or herders,
: >:nd thirty horses and mules, all
hobbled. Not seeing any sign of the
tnieve* the two ranchers went in and be
gan to tin-hobble their own animals. They
had freed eight when a sudden volley was
sent from an ambusn on the hills above
tbe park. The ranchers were not injured
and they made haste to seek shelter. They
could not return tbe fire as tne assailants
were completely hidden.
Hastily* mounting, they courageously
rounded up rueir eight free animals and
drove them before them out of the valley
and back home. A brisk fire was kept
cd by tne ambushed marauders, but they
were too far away to do any damage and
too cowardly to leave their hiding-place.
The ranchers held their rides ready to
Eick eff the first man who showed his
cad.
The two ranchers drove their stock
straight across the gap or desert between
the Cocopati range and the main range to
the west, in order to reach the fiist water.
They got there safely and then turned
northward toward home, taking a trail
that leads through the pine forests of the
Hanson ranch, a Mexican grant of 20,000
aces.
On the way through the pineries they
beard a faint cry at one side of the trail
and saw a man tied to a tree.
One of the ranchers dismounted and re
leased the stranger, who fell to the ground
in a neap from exhaustion and hunger.
They gave him food and a drink from a
canteen, and he soon revived. Ha said he
was Rabavo, a Frenchman, and that he
had been robbed of his horse, saddle and
bridle by a gang of horsethieve? that met
him where he nad been tied. The outlaws
overpowered him and tied him there eariv
tbe previous morning, and he bad been
th?re a day and a half.
The traii is lonesome and unfrequented,
and his rescue was remarkable. Rabavo
said the y>ung Mexicans in the gang
treatea him with the narshest crueltyT
thrusting a gag into his moutn and tying
the cords about his wnst,s so tightly "that
blood flowed. They beat him over the
head w^th their riatas ana threatened to
kill him. Indeed, the old man thought
they had carried out their threat wher they
rode off with his horse and !eft bim tied
to the tree. He manage., to get the srag
out of his month, but the thongs were too
tight to be loosened, and in his st-u^g.es
he became so exhausted that be fa:nted
several times.
The two ranchers gave them an animal
and he rode off toward his home, while
they proceeded to Tecaie on the border,
wnere Senor By ley, the Mexican "Judge
of the plains," was notffied of the out
rase. Tiie Judge left immediately, taking
witn him a posse of six rurales, all picked
men, quick on the trigger ana of tried
courage. Tbey went straight to the Co
copiih stronjrhoid and sarprised two men,
who proved to be the only ones in camp.
Taey were quickly overpowered and tied
to horses.
When the two men were captured they
bad American horses picketed out and
these were aiso taken by the Judge and
his posse. The captors did not look
further, fearing an attack by larger num
bers, but hurried bock toward Tecate. On
the way they stopped at a ranch and
there found tracks of another of the horse
thieves. whose horse had a peculiar hoof
easily recognized by the expert trailers.
They searched tbe premises and found the
bandit in a haystack where he had hastily
hidden when surprised by the approach
of the officers.
Judge Ryley »nd his six rnrales decided
to go direct to Ensenada with their pris
oners instead of to Tecate. They there
fee turned and went southwestward,
reaching Ensenada safely and turning
over their prisoners to the authorities,
who promptly placed them behind the
strong bars ofthe Ensenada prison.
One of the borsethives is Rudolfo Gal
legos, a desperate border ruffian who was
discharged from San Quintin two months
ago after servine a term for stealing mules
from old man Dukes of Campo. Another
prisoner is James Dukes, son of the elder
Dukes.
He is a hard citizen, who has trained
with Mexican cutthroats and Lorse
thieves since childhood. He is an expert
shot, and is greatly feared on the border.
The third man is Nacho Sortello, who
with Epifanio Gallegos, a brotber of
Rodolfo, almost murdered inspector
Ralph Conklin two years ago, when he
was bringing them into San Diezo to jail.
It has been learned that the leader of a
gang ot horsethieves is this same Epifano
Gallegos.
He has a congenial crowd of ruffians,
and has chosen an ideal st>ot tor his
strongnold, as the Cocopah Mountains are
inaccessible to ordinary travel, and plenty
of places are afforded where two or three
ambushed men might defy an army.
The Mexican ant orities have instructed
the rurales along the border to make a de
termined effort to break up the gang, and
it is probable the familiar red-shirted
Mexican horsemen, with short rifles and
sharp eves, will yet make Gailegos and his
gang bite the dust.
Methoditf Meet at Doteney.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 3a— The
South Methodist church of the Los An
ge.es district has begun a conference at
Downey with fifty-eight delegates in at
tendance. On Friday a communion and
consecration service opened the conven
tion. The address of welcome wa3 deliv
ered by Rev. E. J. Harper, paster of the
Downey church, and Gus Harper replied
on behalf of the visitors.
In the evening N/. Newb? of Trinity
Church, this city, led the service of prayer,
and Rev. J. J. Kenny delivered the con
ference sermon. Yesterday Miss Mabel
Cocke led t:.e praise service, after which
various reports were heard. The best
methods of conducting devotional meet
ings was discussed by S. Benedict, and
Elmo Reavisread a paper entitled "A Plea
for the Living." Rev. J. A. Oates deliv
e-ed an address, as did Horace Caldwell.
Sirs. J. F. G. Finley read an interesting
paper.
THE FRESNO TRAGEDY,
Mrs. Rockwell Cannot Survive
the Wound Infl.cted by
Her Husband.
Threats of Lynching Warn the Offi.
cials to Closely Guard the
Woman's Assailant.
FRESNO, Cal.. Aug. 30.— Mr?. W. W.
Rockwell, who was shot by a worthless
husband at their home in the south
eastern part of the city last night, lies at
the County Hospital with a bullet in her
brain and one in her right side. County
Physician Davidson considers it a peculiar
case and is surprised that the woman is
still living. He does no: believe that she
can recover.
Rockwell is at the County Jail, where
he gave himself up as soon as he had shot
his wife. He is morose and silent and re
fuses to make a statement.
Deputy Sheriff Timmins, who arrived at
the scene of the tragedy a few minutes
after it occurred and who is fully ac
quainted with all the facts, stated to a
Call correspondent to-night that he con
sidered it one of the most cowardly and
atrocious m ■ "dtrs in the criminal history
of the count?
The victim waa an honest woman. The
husband, on the other hand, is a worthless
character, who in fact has been under the
surveillance of the authorities. Only a
few months ago he attempted to obtain
money under false pretenses, and barely
saved himseii from prosecution by selling
his household furniture to repay the
double collection oi money he had made.
Rockwell did not provide for his wife and
child.
Oe Friday Mrs. Rockwell went to an at
torney to institute proceedings to a
divorce, and this undoubtedly was t* c
prime motive for the husband's" resolution
to kill her. She had ridden uptown with
Charles Erickson, a prominent vineyard
ist of Washington Colony, who was a
stranger to her, but a brother of a neigh
bor, at whose request he consented to take
her to see a physician, and this Rockwell
seized upon as a pretext to visit and
abuse the unfortunate woman.
He struck her three or four times. Then
he drew his pistol and said he would kill
her and tben himself. She ran out of the
house and be followed, shooting as he
ran. She fell in the street and he left her
for dead.
Rockwell ran back through tbe yard of
his house and tben to the County Jail.
He announced to Jailer Elder that he
had killed bis wife, and as he handed his
pistol over to the officer he said, "I emp
tied this into her."
Talk is very strone against the mur
derer, and suggestions are freely made
that he should be lynched. The Sheriff's
office is not ignoring the talk, and Deputy
Timmins was not disposed to say much,
as he did not want to inflame the public
sentiment.
LOS ANGELES MYSTERY.
John Boid, an Inmate of the
Soldiers' Home, Loses
His Son.
Last Saw the Youngster When He
Placed Him in an Orphan
Asylum.
Lew AjfGELK Office of The Cail,)
328 Sou h Broadway, r
Los Axgeles, Cal., Aug. 30. J
John Boid, a blind and decrepit inmate
of the Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, is
anxious to learn what has become of his
little boy. When the father went to the
home provided by the Government for the
Nation's defenders, the son was placed in
an orphan asylum in this city. From that
institution the youngster was "farmed
ont,'' and the father lost all trace of him,
although repeated efforts have been made
to discover th« lad's whereabouts.
Bailiff Appel of the Police Court knew
Boid in Arizona, and the old soldier has
appealed to the officer to assist him in
rinding the sequestered son.
About three montns ago, when Boid was
admitted to the home, he left bis son, a
boy of about 13 years of age, in ebaiM of
the orphans' home, at the corner of Yale
and Alpine streets. Boid sent a man to
the borne a month, ago with a message and
some money for the boy. The man was
unable to deliver either the message or tbe
money because the boy was no longer
mere.
Boid, however, waa not satisfied with
the information that the boy had been
placed in a good home, but had a friend,
J. Spring, write to the institution to try to
ascertain wnere the child was to be found-
No response was received from the matron.
Mr. Appel caused an investigation to be
made, and while he has not succ»*eded in
locating the boy, he has at least caused the
managers of the home to begin a search
for him. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
OFFICERS OF THE TULARE McKINLEY CLUB.
Under the leadership of such active men this Republican club, which is the strongest numerically of any political bodyever
organized in Tulare, is expected to do telling work in the campaign. The club is gaining new members daily. Alex W. Wheeler,
the president, owns add manages the leading carpet-house in Tulare. Vice-President J. M. Andersoa is the popular proprietor of
the Reid Drug Company's store. J. A. Alien, the secretary, is a leading attorney of Tuiare, being associated wilh Hon. J. W.
Davis, present member of the Assembly from the Sixty-fourth District. Marcus M. DeWitt has been a sound-money Democrat,
clear, brigtit and manly. The funds of the ciub are in good hands waen Mark DeWitt ha 3 the combination. He is assistant
cashier of the Tular* County Bank. M. C. Zamwait, chairman of tbe executive committee, is *a well-known merchant and an
active young Republican- J. H- Morton, G. W\ Zirtman, Dr. A. L. Wflsoa and W. P. Ratcliffa may also be depended upon to do
their shase in watching the interests of the Republican party during the campaign.
NOVEL STATE
FAIR FEATURES.
Skilled Decorators Prepare
the Pavilion for Its
Display.
NEW DESIGNS IN USE.
Machinery and Manufactured
Articles Formed Into Quaint
Structures.
ALL FLOOR SPACE TAKEN.
Managers of the Speed Programme
Anticipate a Successful
Meeting.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Aug. 30.— Judg- j
ing from present indications the State ,
Fair of 1896 will be the most successful i
ever held; at ail events it will certainly
be the most extensive, and the fair direc- ;
tors and their energetic secretary, Edwin ;
Smith, are sparing neither personal ef
forts nor expense to properly prepare for
the flood of applicants for floor apace in \
the pavilion or stalls at the racetrack.
Under the sKillful finzers of an army of
decorators the interior of the huge pa
vilion is rapidly becoming a maze of gor
geousiy tinted bunting.
The center piece is an innovation in
decorative effort. It consists of an im
mense square pendant of delicately tinted I
pink cloth fringed witn silver stars. Sur- i
rounding this is a larger square cf lemon \
yellow, similarly fringed, and again sur- ]
rounded by an immense square, of light i
blue, from which broad bands of va:i-col
ored bunting drape off in every direction i
to meet ana blend with a mass ol flags
and streamers.
On the floor of the huge building are
scores ot workmen busily engaged in
erecting novel structures composed of !
manufactured and agricultural products,
and the management states that every .
available foot of floor space has been
spoken for. Up in the art department
rapid progress is being made in hanging ;
pictures and placing exhibits, and in every
other department work is progressing
rapidly.
One of the most attractive features of
the fair will be the dairy exhibit, for
which a room will be especially fitted. It
will cave an immense giass front so the
operations within may be witnessed from
the outside. An ice machine will be
placed in the room and the temperature
kept at 60 degrees. Fully 1000 pounds of
milk will be used daily iii giving practical
demonstrations of the best method oi con- i
verting milk into better and cheese.
liv busiest member of the tcaie board i
is J. E. Terry, to whose able management
has been entrusted the entire park. Mr.
Terry states that never before has there
been such a demand for stable space as
during the past two wesks. He has been
obliged to employ a host of carpenters in
erecting extra stalls and will be unable to
accommodate ail the applicants within
the grounds. The track bids fair to be
fast, and some of the speediest travelers in
the Bteta are daily working out.
S UICIDE AT BAKERSFIELD.
Death by Consumption forestalled by a
Quicker Passing.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Aug. 30.— W. M.
; G. Van Dirk, a native of Germany, aged 32
: years, committed suicide this morning at
the Waiters Hotel by catting the arteries
in his left wrist and bleeding to death.
: Van Dirk arrived on Wednesday last from
\ Los Angeles. He was a consumptive, and
I bad only sufficient means to pay a week's
board, leaving him but a nickel. He tried
to find some light work, but was unsuc
cessful.
About 10 o'clock this morning the cham
bermaid of the hotel found the door of
Van Dirk's room locked. It was forced
open and he was found lyine on his face,
with his left arm over the side of the bed
and the life-blood draining into a wash
bowl, which was nearly full. He was still
conscious, and . said he had ■ tried to com
mit suicide, as he was sick "and out of
work. He died about an hour after he
was found- : Papers were -i found in his j
valise showing that he bad been a resident '
of San Francisco and was a member of
Hermann Lod.e and Walballa Encamp
ment of Odd Fellows.
SANTA BARBARA INCENDIANISM.
Tiro Ineffectual Attempt* 'to -\ Destroy I
Over Method it t f.ku rch. g
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 30.— j
Two ': attempts were made by " : un- j
known : ; persons last night to ; fire
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church. ; The j
first attempt must have been made about ,
1 11 o'clock, as the\Gi!christ v family, living '
I in an; adjoining house, discovered flames 1
issuing from a pile of rubbish on the rear ;
steps of the church. They were quickly j
extinguished, with only nominal damage, i
and a search was made - for the miscreant,
but he could not be found. ;
The . second V fire J was ;,; discovered this
morning at 6 o'clock. , A young man named
Wethers frightened the incendiary away f
and took an ineffectual shot at him.. The !
police have no clew to the identity of the |
person ' or persons, but $ there is }' a i strong I
suspicion, that.tne; attempt was instigated i
by the low element of » Santa j ßarbara be- !
cause of the reform work which has been '<
led recently; by the pastor, the Rev. Mr.
Westeaberg. •".. ':..,. -^ '.-.".-;
- i
Telephone for Clorerdale.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Aug. 30.— Clover- I
dale has telephone connections now with |
tne outside world and is mnch rejoiced
tnereat. W. Dautiuntyof the SooMt Tele
phone Company, with a force of seventeen
men has been employed the past few weeks S
in constructing the line from Healdsburg
to this place, a distance of eighteen miles,
and yesterday their work was completed.
The central office will be located in tne
store of Brush, Wilaams & Co., one door
south of the postoffice.
Modesto ' Merchant Diet. j I
MODESTO, Cal., Aug. 30.— David Plato,
one oi Modeato's leading merchants and
senior member of the firm of D. and G. D.
Plato, died last night from congestion of
tee lungs. His body will be taken to San
Francisco to-morrow and interment will
iake piace at the Home of Peace Cemetery.
iin San Mateo County, on Tuesday. The
| deceased was a clothing merchant in San
i Francisco from 1855 to 1870.
TENTS STRUCK
AT GLEN ELLEN.
League of the Cross Cadets
Depart for Their
Homes.
CAMP O'RYAN DESERTED
Mass Celebrated Under the Trees
Before the White City
Is Leveled.
FATHER YOREE'S DISCOURSE.
Parting Words of Aivice From the
Priest to the Yonnj Saner-
Bearers.
GLEN ELLEN, Cal., Aug. 30.— The ca
dets of the League of the Cross broke
camp with much military ceremony this
afternoon, and then marched away from
Camp ORyan of many pleasant memo
ries. They folded their tents, sounded
"Tie Girl I Left Behind Me" on the
drums an i bade farewell to the good peo
ple who bad made them feel as guests
for a week. Many of tie young gallants
cast shy glances at the fair daughters of
Glen Ellen and the neighboring country
as they tramped to the train with heayy
hearts. L : .ke everything that is good and
sweet in l : fe the pleasures of a week
proved fleeting, and it was bard to leave
behind tbe beautiful hills and dales, the
scented air and genial sunshine. Stili
the boys marched on to bugle and drum
with the crowd from San Francisco, and
made their exit cneering in reply to the
cheers of country foik.
The closing scenes fairly startled the
little dreamy hamlet named Glen Ellen,
for never before were they witnessed here.
The throng that came in on the train
Saturday night overran every house and
cottage in and about town, and people
slept in hammocks in the Mervyn Hotel
grounds, in barn 3, parlors — everywhere in
fact where one could lie down and rest.
Tne camp iiself was packed to the burst
ing point, rows of summer cottages al*o
were packed with cadets. Then crowds
came from Santa Rosa, Petaluma, Sonoma
and "the hiiis," iadies in summery dresses
and men aii in their best for the balL
This waa indeed a splendid event and
seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by all
| who participated. The large pavilion was
| nicely decorated with boughs of the bay j
i tree and Japanese lanterns.
Captain H. P. Filgate, commander of
the camp, delivered a brief address, thank
ing the people in behalf of the cadets for
their hospitality. In particular he thanked
Dr. Osbdrne of the Home for Feeble
minded for his kindness to the cadets and
A. Harrison, proprietor of the Mervyn |
Motel, for placing the grounds and hotel j
at the disposal of the young soldiers; also
Dr. and Mrs. O'Donnell, who entertained
them in royal fasnion.
Then the bah began, with a grand
march led by Colonel W. C. Mahoney and
Miss Annie Brennan, followed by Floor
Manager Captain J. E. Power and Miss
Lena Bergerin, after whom marched the
chief officers aud their ladies. As the
hour was iate when the train arrived, the
programme of vocal selections, recitation*,
etc., was dispense! with in favor of danc
ing, which was kept up until midnight.
Everybody was up early this morning,
and long before the train from San Fran
cisco arrived little groups gathered round
the depot to meet their friends. An im
mense crowd came then and jostled its
way toward Camp O'Ryan and on to the
pavilion, wcere a military mass was cele
brated. An tltar was erected, with a
background of evergreens and a cross of
flowers, aad upoo it the Rev. James Mc-
Donald celebrated the mass.
The congregation so crowded the spa
cious floor that it waa only with great dif
ficulty that the cadets marched into posi
tion and formed three sides of a hollow
square in front of the altar. Presently
there was a clanking of sabers, a salute,
and the worshipers knew tnat the solemn
sacrifice had commenced. At the conse
cration ttie cadets presented .-abers and,
kneeling, gave the salute of the League
Regiment by reversing sa&er- and salut
ing with the left hand, muffled drums
roiled, and by this signal it was announced
that the most sacred part of the mass was
reacned by the officiating priest. Again
at the last gospel a salute was given. To
toe accompaniment of an organ a choir of
cadets, composed of Lieutenant Kennedy,
Charles Manning, Lieutenant Dave Barry,
John O'Brien, John Keatine, William
Kelly, W. Ryan, Charles dv Fossee, Rob
ert Canning and Harry Bmith, sang ap
propriate hymns, concluding with "Amer
ica."
The Rev. Peter C. Yorke preached a
brief but effective sermon on the gospel of
the day, which is taken from the Sermon
on the Mount. Father Yorke said it was
one of the most beautiful passages in
scripture, beginning witn that truism, "No
man can serve two masters." In camp
the cadets had seen that there mast be but
one master, and that they could not serve
more than one. O.herwise there would be
confusion and lack of discipline.
"Sore people," he "can go
through the world and compromise be
tween God and mammon. Remember
this, there is no fence in religion; the
man who does not serve God is in tne ser
vice ofthe devil. Whpn God told his dis
ciple? of the lilies of the field he did not
mean that they should lead an idle life;
when he spoke of the birds he did not
want them to live like the birds from
hand to moutb. He wished to tell men
they can't have the over-anxious care for
mammon and serve him at the same time.
"What shall we think of those who in
serving mammon are working six days a
week and then on tbe seventh giving to
their body what they should give to God?
You cannot serve God and mammon;
you have to make your choice now. My
dear boys, serving God is not a hard work;
serving God does not mean that you are to
wear long faces, to go through this world
sad and sorrowful. God made the world
and it is a beautiful world to live in. En
joy it, tben. You have been taught in
camp to do your duty. I can appeal to
your experience taat you who did your
duty pleasea everybody and were happy
yourselves.
"You are going to your homes — into the
world, and remember the world is a
greater camp. Let it be said of you:
•Tnere is a boy whh does his duty as he
knows it.' "
Father Yorke said he could not let the
opportunity pass without expressing
thanks to the people of the whole valley
for their kindness to the cadets.
Immediately after the sermon the cadets
marched to the parade ground and
gave an exhibition of drilling while on
dress parade, in the presence of a large
number of people. The rest of the after
noon was spent under the trees or in quiet
strolls through the picturesque country
roads. A special train was necessary to
brinz the cadets and their friends back to
town.
Early this mornina: a final inspection of
tents waa made by Dr. A. P. MuiiigaD,-
Colonel Mafaoney and other officers for
the purpose of making awards of four
prizes for the best kept and best ventilated
tents. Company H carried off two prizes.
The "Dandy Five," composed of Corporal
J Whelan, L. Erlnheim, H. Power. H.
O'Connor, W. Ryan and A. Ohlson of
Company H won first prize. The "Pirates"
of Company C came second, and tne ••Life
Boat crew," consisting of Sergeant J. Sul
livan, J. McDonald. Sergeant J. Keating,
T. Pnelan and S. Daly of Company H got
third prize. The fourth prize was awarded
to Private s Cole and Swinford of Company
C, and the tent in charge of Sergeant Ra
gan received honorable mention.
Among those who visitt-d the camp last
night were Will Moore, business manager
ofthe 3lonitor; E. J. Coffey. J. H. Wendt,
Joseph Kirov ana William Harrold of the
Monitor s:aff. They came ia cycling cos
tumes and had their wheels, Kirby ana
Harrold riding their tandem.
NEW TODAY.
Every Native Son
Is interested in the progress and prosperity
of California — interested in the success of
home industries. The best way to show that
interest is by patronage. Every Native Son
who wears to Stockton a suit made in our
Factory, where California White Labor is
exclusively employed, proves his loyalty to
his State and his interest in its prosperity.
Men's Suits, in Cheviots, Cassimeres and
Scotch Tweeds, handsomely trimmed, and
perfect fit guaranteed, for $9.95. These are
the latest style garments, such as are sold
in retail stores for $15 and $18.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
DISAPPEARANCE OF
A LAKESIDE MANN
Hotel-Keeper Matthews Is
Missing From His
Home.
RUMORS OF A FLIGHT.
Creditors Fear That His Going
Means Money Lost to
Themselves.
HE TOOK HIS ASSETS ALONG.
He Was the Lessee of the Emerald
Bay Resort on the Shore of
Tahoe.
LAKESIDE, Laii Tahoe, Cal., An*.
30.— C. W. Matthews, who leased the
Emerald Bay resort, is missing and it is
hinted that he has with him the entire
earnings of the season and will not come
back. The account books in connection
with his hotel have been mutilated and
pages extracted so that his debts and as
sets cannot be correctly estimated. On
the evening that he left he informed the
owner of the place, to whom he is still in
debted for the lease, that he wa3 going to
Truckee on business and would return in
the morning. Ue took with him over
|1500 in checks in addition to about $1000
in coin and greenbacks.
On arriving at Truckee be boarded a
west-bound train, and has not been heard
from since.
Mattnews' sister, wife and mother de
parted a few days before, and it is inti
mated that they took ail of his property,
as none remained at the bay. Captain
Lees of San Francisco will be notified to
hold Matthews for breach of contract.
Among his creditors are several promi
nent San Francisco firms and firms in the
v.ciniiy of Tahoe, including the Truckee
Lumber Company, the Co-operative Fruit
Company and Fand, Bliss & Co.
RAIN FALLS IN CALIFORNIA.
Some Damage Done to Drying fruit and
the Grain Crop*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cai*. Aug. 30.— A heavy
rain feli here last night — so heavy that,
considering the season, it might be called
a storm. There was a sprinkle during the
evening. The night was warm and sultry
and the storm followed about midnight
and continued until nearly daylight. No
definite information from the farming
section is available, but the storm being
general the damage is severe to drying
fruits and the cut grain that had not been
housed. The soldiers at Camp Garfield
had much shelter from the eucalyptus
grove, but even with that the rain beat ia
under the tents, though doing no serious
damage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 30.— A light rain
began falling about 7 o'clock last evening
and continued during tbe ni?ht, .70 of an
inch falling. The first rain of tbe season
was on August 19, when .02 of an inch fell,
making the total for the season .72 of an
inch.
It is not probable that any considerable
damage has been done the fruit or grape
crops. Tnere are large quantities of prunes
spread on trays for drying, but ihese were
not materially injured.
MERCED. Cal., Aug. 3a— A heavy rain
visited this place this afternoon, lasting
several hours- The precipitation was .35
of an inch. Persons from the foothill
regions report heavy rains, accompanied
by thunder and lightning. There will be
no damage to grapes or stock food.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Aug. 30.— A thun
derstorm visited thi3 section last night
and rain fell in torrents, L2O inches com
ing down in a few hours. The damage to
hay and feed is considerable. Fruit is not
mttCh injured.
N APA, Cal., Aug. 30.— A heavy shower
fell last night Indications point to a
further downfall.
34
COULD NOT LIVE
WITHOUT HIM,
Belle Meinert Shoots Her
self in Her Lover's
Presence.
THE WOUND NOT FATAL
Drew a Pistol From Her Pocket
and Fired a Ballet Into
Her Breast
THIS IS HER SECOND ATTEMPT
Both Parents Objected lo Their Mar
riage and Joe Cuneo, Her Lover,
Got Tired of Her.
Belle Meinert, a pretty girl about 21 years
of age, attempted to commit suicide last
night in the presence of her lover, Joseph
Cuneo, by shooting herself under the left
breast.
Cuneo is about 20 years of age and lives
with his father, a carpenter, at 2433 How
ard street. He met the girl about eight
months ago and soon afterward gave her
an engagement ring.
Cuneo's parents objected to the girl as
the future wife of their son, and she be
came aware of the fact. Last Tuesday, in
her father's grocery and saloon, on Twen
ty-third and Vermont streets, she at
tempted to shoot Cuneo, declaring tbat
she would kill him and herself, but was
disarmed by Policeman Doherty, who
happened to be passing the store at the
time.
About 10 o'clock last night the girl met
Cuneo. They walked along Howard street
talking about the objections to their mar
riage, and when they were between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets
Cuneo told her that they would have to
part.
She gave him her purse and gloves, and
Cuneo asked what was the matter with
her. She replied, "I am going to kill
myself," and pulled a revolver out of her
pocket He jumped back, thinking she
would fire at him, but she fired at her left
breast and fell to the sidewalk.
Policeman John Connolly heard the
shots. He ran toward them and asked
the girl who shot her. She replied: "I
did." Connolly picked up from the ground
a small 22-caliber revolver which had
dropped from her hand, and on searching
her pocket found a 32-caliber revolver and
a number of cartridges.
Connolly rang for the patrol wagon and
sent the girl to the City and County Hos
pital, where Dr. Dudley found that the
bullet had entered tbe left breast and ex
pressed the opinion that the girl would
soon be all right again.
Cuneo was taken to the Seventeenth
street station, but after making his state
ment to Lieutenant Burke, and subse
quently to Captain Gillen, he was dis
charged.
"I never, intended to marry her," said
Cuneo. "I met her about eight months
ago and gave her an engagement-ring to
'jolly' her along. She often told me that
she was fonder of me than she had been
of any other man, and if I did not marry
her she would be a corpse and so would I.
"After her attempt to shoot me last
Tuesday I was afraid when she pulled out
the pistol to-night that she intended to
shoot me first, l told her I intended giv
ing her the 'shake' and I suppose tbat
was what made her shoot herself.
"My parents would not let me marry
her, and I had no intention myself of
doing so. After 1 became acquainted with
her I learned of her past life, and that set
tled me."
The girl, when spoken to at the hospital,
admitted shooting herself. She was
averse to talking, but said that her parents
objected to her marrying Cuneo and she
determined to die rather than live without
him.
The girl lives with her parents at 1312
Nebraska street. It is said she became en
amored of another man four years ago and
has a baby 3 years old. This is supposed
to be what Cuneo learned of her past life.
TO BUILD THE BRIDGE,
The Contract Let by the Park
Commissioners— lt Will Be
of Granite.
Animals That Are Now is the Zoo.
Crowds at the Ocean Beach.
Markebnrg's Ascension.
The shower yesterday morning laid the
dust in Golden Gate Park, and in the after
noon the balmy atmosphere brought a
great crowd to the big pleasure-grounds.
Superintendent McLaren has returned
from his vacation to Lake Tahoe, which
he declares is undoubtedly the most beau
tiful sheet of water in the United States.
While roaming through tbe mountains
that surround the lake he secured a large
collection of cones of the different pines
growing there and will plant seeds is one
of the arboreta in the park.
The Commissioners have let to Alex
ander McLenon, for $16,000, the contract
for building the great bridge across the
main drive near the museum. It will be
of Rocklin granite, after the plan which
■was published in The Call on the 6th of
last February. The parapets will be put
up, but much of the ornamentation that
■was introduced by the architects in the
original design will" for the time being be
omitted. There will be a path for pedes
trians on the north aide of the bridge, the
drive for vehicles in the centre and a
bicycle track on the south side.
Theswalk from the tunnel on the eastern
side of tbe grand court to the broad steps
opposite the museum has been put in
order, and many of those who went to the
aviary took that route to the Egyptian
building, enjoying for the first time a trip
through the new tunnel. The work of
putting the facings on the new north tun
nel is progressing, and it will not b« long
before the people will have an opportunity
of passing under the main drive to reach
the Fulton-street entrance.
The family of animals in the zoo is
quite numerous at this time. There are
■within the several enclosures eight buffa
loes, fourteen elt, one moose, thirty deer,
including two spotted fawns from the
South Sea Islands, one mountain sheep,
one ostrich, 20u0 birds in the aviary, about
hall a hundred squirrels in the happy
family cage and a number of swans and
ducks on Stow Lake.
Work on the annex to the museum is
being pushed forward with a limited force
and it is expected that within two weeks
the work of arranging some of the displays
Will be commenced.
John L. Bardwell, an old pioneer and
collector of curios, who has already de
voted very many interesting and historic
articles to the museum, is a regular Sun
day visitor to the place. In conversation
yesterday, in answer to a question as to
his motive for making so many donations,
he said :
•Til tell you why I do this; I believe
that it is a means of educating our rising
generation ; it gives the young people an
opportunity to become acquainted with
many objects that they may have read
about, and if they have not read about
them they will, after seeing the different
objects, go to the books and read and
learn. I have been asked why I did not
give the aggregate of what I have con
tributed to a college, and my reply has
been that if I did that it would educate a
few, but that what I have done will edu
cate the masses."
There was a goodly number of people in
the vicinity of the Cliff House during the
afternoon.
The attendance at the Haight-street
grounds was unusually large, the princi
pal attraction being a balloon ascension by
Kmil Markeburg. In spite of many dis
couraging mishaps he has met with of late
he made an ascent, and it was a perfect
one. His balloon rose high and in a short
time was lost to view in tbe clouds, but
before he passed out of sight he released
from a cage a number of pigeons belong
ing to a gentleman in Alameda, and the
birds as soon as they found their bearings
took their flight eastward. Markeburg
made a good parachute drop, but unfortu
nately for him in nearing the ground he
struck on the peaked roof of a house and
is so doing badly injured his left foot. He
was taken back to the grounds, where his
injury was temporarily dressed, after
which he was conveyed to his home.
And«r*on in JAne.
ANDERSON, Cal., Aug. 80.— A Mc-
Kinley and Hobart club was organized at
this place last night with a membership
of ninety voters. The officers of the club
are: J. H. Creighton, president; R. B.
Keeler, secretary; I. H. Treat, treasurer.
The meeting was enthusiastic and full of
determination to go into the fight to win.
Many more names will be added to the
club roll. Anderson is the banner Re
publican precinct of Shasta County.
COURSING AT THE PARKS
Cooney's Right Bower Wins
First Prize at the Ocean
View Resort.
Emm Pasba Shows His Quality by
Carrying Off the Honors at
Tngleside.
The showers of Saturday evening placed
the coursing parts in magnificent shape
for running yesterday, and appreciating
this fact the attendance was lajger than
usual at both resorts.
At Ocean View the usual hard-betting,
enthusiastic crowd was on band, and tbe
splendid coursing that was witnessed kept
the leashmen in good humor. The hares
and hounds were both first-class, and in
terest did not fail from the time the first
pair of dogs went to the slips until the
flag went up in the final race. Following
is the result of the rundown m the regu
lar stake:
M. Tiernan's Flashlight beat T. Cooney's
Hercules, A. Merrill's Faster and Faster beat
B. Rogers' Shaughran, Dillon & Keilly's Bill
Nye beat T. Cooney's Fireball, T. Butler's
Susie beat T. Cooney's Eclipse, Portal & Hag
gerty 'a Magnet beat M. Kogers' Move On, T.
Cooney's Granuaile beat Cronin & McDonald's
Skyball (two no goes), M. Kerrigan's Lord
Clifton beat J. Dickson's Camilla. John Crace's
Nellie Conroy beat P. Ryan's Royal Stag, T.
Cooney's Right Bower beat J. Cox's Menlo
Boy, J. Quime's Captain Morse beat Bay Farm
Kennel's Tom Hayes.
First ties— Flashlight beat Faster and Faster,
Bill Nye beat Susie, Magnet beat Granuaile,
Nellie Conroy beat Lord Clifton, Right Bower
beat Captain Morse.
Second ties— Flashlight beat Bill Nye, Nellie
Conroy beat Magnet, Right Bower a bye.
Third ties— Right Bower beat Flashlight,
Nellie Conroy a bye.
Final— Nellie Conroy was withdrawn on ac
count of her distressed condition and first
prize went to Right Bower by default, Nellie
Conroy taking second, Flashlight third and
Magnet and Bill Nye fourth and fifth, respect
ively.
In an eight dog consolation stake, Susie
won first and Captain Morse second,
beating Tom Hayes handily for the sec
ond time during the day.
On Sunday next a $1 stake with $20 ad
ded by tne management will be run
and on the Sunday following, September
13, in addition to the regular stake, a
puppy stake with an added^4o cup for the
winner will be decided. On this occasion
the veteran and popular Jim Wren will
handle the slips.
Ingleside Park had on the whole a good
day of it, the excellent quality of the
thirty- two dogs entered bringing out a
representative crowd of leashmen. Fol
lowing is the result of the run down:
T. Traynor'a Climax beat J. Wood's Mohawk,
Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B beat T. Brennan'o
Gold King, D. Tweedie's Dublin Stout beat S.
Cummings' Foxhall, Portal & Haggerty's El
dridge beat T. Corcoran's Marguerite, D.
Toland's Fireman beat D. Roche's Mountain
Dew, M. Traynor's Whip Jr. beat J. Deane's
Ivy, D. Tolana's Gaslight beat O'Connor & Lar
key's Galloping, Alameda kennel's Daisy beat
D. Roche's Pacific Queen, J. T. Grace's
Lass-o'-Gowrie beat A. McMahon's Lack
awanna, J. Quane's Nightingale beat J.
King's Sweet Alice. O'Connor & Larkey's
True Blue beat J. Wren's Rapid, T. Flynn's
Captain Jim beat D. Leonard's Wiil-'o-the-
Wisp, F. Randolph's Happy Jack beat T. Nee
nan's Regent, Portal and Haggerty's Laurel
wood beat Cronin and McDonald's Reliance,
D. Roche's Dan C beat J. H. Perigo's Wee
Lassie, Alameda Kennel's Emm Pasha beat D.
CWlla's Happy Day.
First ties— Climax beat Rosa B, Eldridge beat
Dublin Stout, Fireman beat Whip Jr., Gaslight
beat Daisy, Lass-o'-Gowrie baat Nightingale,
True Rlue beat Captain Jim, Laurelwood beat
Happy Jack. Emm Pasha beat Dan C.
Second ties— Eldridge beat Climax, Fireman
beat Gaslight, True Blue beat Lass-o'-Gowrie,
Emm Pasha beat Laurelwood.
Third ties— Eldridge beat Fireman, Emm
Pasha beat True Blue.
Final— Emin Paaha beat Eldridge.
New Mexico Gold Democrat!.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Aug. SO.—
The sound-money Democrats of New
Mexico yesterday perfected a permanent
organization and elected the following
delegates to the Indianapolis convention:
J. W. Schofield, George E. Robin, W. E.
Daorne, H. L. Waldo, John W. Poe and W.
B. Childers. The resolutions indorse the
Cleveland administration and condemn
the Chicago platform.
Tallejo'* Campaign Opening.
VALLEJO, Cal., Aug. 30.— Tbe Repub
lican campaign will be formally opened in
this city Thursday evening, at which time
Senator Perkins, District Attorney Barnes
of San Francisco and others will address
the meeting. Extensive preparations will
be made by the Republican club to receive
the speakers and make tne meeting a suc
cess.
Alilpitas Jttepubliean* Vrganlee.
MILPITAS, Cal., Aug. 30.— The Re
publicans of Milpitas are in line for Mc-
Kinley and protection and have organized
a strong Republican club. J. R. Weller
has been elected president and J. W.
Berry secretary. The club starts with a
membership of fifty.
Campbells' Silver Club.
CAMBELLS, Cal., Aug. 80.— A Uuion
Bryan Club has been organized here with
a membership of twenty-six. The officers
are: President, W. W. Turney; vice-presi
dents, E. N. Parr, E. B.Conklin and A. E,
Elliott; secretary, Zasd Bagwell; treas
urer, B. K. Thomus.
Seattle Jiepublican Bolt*.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 30.— Republican
State Senator C. M. Easterday has bolted,
giving as his reason that he cannot indorse
the financial plank of the St. Louis plat
form. He will take the stamp for Bryan.
THE SAN FT?ATSTCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
CLOUDBURSTS
DELAY RIDERS,
The Bicycle Relay Six
Hours Late at
Rawlins.
BILL RISHEL'S FINISH.
He Wore the Ogden Crape
to the End of His
Division.
CRACK EIDERS IN LINE.
Wheeling at Night Through a Great
Storm in the Rocky
Mountains.
Bill Rishel, the big rider from Salt Lake
who was outgeneraled by Ogden couriers
and exposed to taunts and jeers in the
Manager Bishel of Salt Lake Pushing: His "Way Through an Exulting and Insulting Multitude at
Ogden. The Capture of the Packet, However, Did Not Delay the Couriers to Any Extent.
[Sketched for "The Call."]
streets of Ogden, finished the work on his
division at Rock Springs yesterday. He
made a creditable finish.
"Yesterday tbe riders of the San Fran
cisco Examiner and New York Journal
bicycle relay lost time on account of a
cloudburst and bad roads. The riders
passed through Rock Springs, Point of
Rocks, Bitter Creek, Tipton and Creston,
Wyo.
The relay arrived at Rawlins at 8:02
o'clock last evening. The riders were due
at this point at 1:54 P. M. yesterday, so, ac
cording to the schedule, they were six
hours and eight minutes late.
On account of the heavy rains and sub
merged roads Bristol and King had to
carry their wheels.
The following special dispatches to the
Examiner from Rawlins tell of tbe adver
sities encountered yesterday and predict
further impediments to-day:
RAWLINS, Wyo., Aug. 30.— Railroad track
best riding around here. At Fort Steele, six
teen miles to the east, relay will leave track
and strike south along the old emigrant trail,
■avlng about thirty miles.
RAWLINS, Wyo., Aug. 80.— Cloudburst at
Fort Steele day before yesterday laid a mile or
two of trail under water. Courier will have to
take the prairie route around the submerged
area.
RAWLINB, Wyo., Aug. 30.— There is a wind
trom the west that is 0 X for speed, but rains
have made the road pretty tough. Heavy
clouds are gathering. Erswill fears a cloud
burst.
RAWLINS, Wyo., Aug. 30.— Charles JEnwill,
manager of the Cheyenne division and holder
of the world's one-mile straieht-away record
with standing start, is here with some of his
crackerjack couriers.
RAWLINB, Wyo., Aug. 80.— Charles Erswill
says he and his boys are going to do them
selves proud.
RAWLINS, Wyo., Aug. 30.-11:50 A. m.— The
packet is humming this way over the moun
tains.
WYOMING. Wyo., Aug. 30.— Big Bill Rishel
of Salt Lake has left us. His division ended at
Rock Springs. He rode the last relay from
Green Mountain before dawn, with the Ogden
crape still tied 10 his wheel.
RAWLINS, Aug. 30—1:35 p. M.— Afterjstriking
the trail at Fort Steele relay won't be heard
from till It reaches Laramie, eighty -vine miles
away. No telegraph stations. Rough riding
among the foothills at Elk Mountain,
RAWLINS, Aug. 30. -The only woman courier
in the Examiner-Journal Yellow Fellow ride
will take the hardest relay in Charlie Erswill's
division. She is Mrs. Rhiuehart of Denver, the
crack road rider, with a record of tea centuries
in six days. She will ride nine miles up the
steepest part of Mount Sherman.
RAWLINS, Aug. 30—4:25 p. m.— Raining here
and all along the road to Cheyenne; very un
usual at this season through this section; bad
roads hold relay back.
Tbe couriers are now ascending the
western slope of the main range of the
Rocky mountains. The little mountain
streams which they cross flow into Green
River, a tributary of the Colorado River,
and ultimately reach the Pacific Ocean at
the Gulf of California. When Sherman is
reached tbe waters flow to the PJatte and
through the Missouri and Mississippi riv
ers to the Atlantic Ocean at the Gulf of
Mexico.
According to the schedule the riders are
due at Sherman at 8:20 this (Monday)
morning, and due at Cheyenne at 10:52
a. m. to-day. At Rawlins they were six
hours and eight minutes lat«, with a
stormy night of travel ahead. Tbe wheel
ing must necessarily be slow. The cour
iers must keep the sense of hearing alert to
avoid rushing torrents when lightning
flashes do not reveal to the sight the scenes
of peril. If the cloudbursts precipitate
vast torrents of water Sherman may not
be reached until late this afternoon.
Once over tbe Rockies the relay riders
will have a down-hill run of 600 miles to
the Missouri Hirer and much lost time
may be regained.
MRS. COOPER'S BIBLE CLASS.
The Discussion Wm on Human Sorrow
and Tears.
Many took part in Mrs. Cooper's Bible
class yesterday in the discussion of the
causes which led to the defeat and death
of David's favorite son, Absalom. Many
visitors from Eastern cities were present.
"This is a lesson of human sorrow and
tears," said the teacher. "David received
a heart wound from which he never fully
recovered. David's unspeakable agony
tells us that wrong doing brings the fruit
of pain. David remembered his crime
against Uriah. He knew, too, that he had
not been faithful to bis wayward son, Ab
salom. But David still loved his son.
And here we come to the divine revelation
of the Heavenly Father. Our sins do not
change the fact of our relationship; we
are still God's children, however wayward
and prodigal we may be. But there is
strength and severity, if need be, in true
love. True fatherhood lays a firm hand
on the headstrong boy and says : 'Stop,
my boy, and think. This must not be.
You are going to destruction. This shall
not be.' Then, sometimes, the grieved
and loving father uses a little physical
persuasion. I believe God would be ten
der to us all the time if he could be, if we
would obey his holy laws in us."
He Pulled His Pistol.
G. Kentra and Nicholas Kagelovich, both of
whom are engaged in the fruit business, had
an altercation at Laguna and Grove streets
last sight over some business transactions.
Kentra, who carried a load ot liquor and an
ugly looking revolver, undertook to Impress
the force of his argument upon his opponent
by drawing his plstoh which he was about to
use, when Sergeant Blanx hove in sight and
tooK the pair to the Central station, where
they were charged with disturbing the peace.
Kentra had an additional charge of carrying a
concealed weaoon placed against his name,
while Ragelovich put up bail and went his
way rejoicing.
NEEDED TWO MORE VOTES
Dr. Bowen Almost Elected Pas
tor of the New Jerusalem
Church.
The Congregation Decides to Retain
Him in Its Pulpit for the
Time Being.
The pastorate of the First New Jerusa
lem Church is Btill vacant, though the
pulpit is for the present ably filled by tbe
eloquent and popular Dr. Bowen. A meet
ing of the church members was held yes
terday for the purpose of putting an end
to this temporary arrangement by the
election of Dr. Bowen to the pastorate,
but owing to the absence of a small num
ber of persons the object of the meeting
was not realized.
Sixty-four voting members of the church
society were present, besides about 200
regular attendants at tbe church services.
Judge Provine presided, and in a brief
address stated the object for which the
meeting had been called and asked the
members to endeavor to come to some
definite conclusion as to a regular supply
ing of the pulpit.
There has been talk of some little fric
tion among the members and the result of
the meeting would seem, in some degree,
to confirm the rumor, a» the two-thirds
vote necessary for Dr. Bowen's election
could not be attained. A number of
the reverend gentleman's friends in the
congregation are absent from the City.
Haa they been in town his election would
have been a certainty, since he lacked
only two votes.
It appearing impossible to elect Dr.
Bowen as pastor, it was decided at all
events to retain him temporarily, and the
following resolution was adopted:
Whkeeas, The failure of this meeting to
elect a minister may prove Instrumental in
temporarily closing the church, a result that,
in the estimation ot many members, would be
extremely detrimental to tbe best interests of
the cause of the new church and of this soci
ety in particular; and whereas, there has al
ready been noted an increased attendance and
renewed interest under the earnest and able
ministry of our beloved brother, the Rev. D.
V. Bowen, who, by reason of our invitation,
baa supplied the pulpit of this church during
the few weeks tbat he has beeu sojourning
among us, therefore be It
Resolved, That the board of trustees of this
society be and are hereby authorized and re
auested to continue the present arrangements
with Mr. Bowen, or make any other agreement
that may prove acceptable and satisfactory to
the aforesaid trustees and to Mr. Bowen, to the
end that he may continue to occupy the pulpit
of this church to administer to our spiritual
wauts, until such time as his permanent suc
cessor shall have been duly elected in accord
ance with ihe terms of the constitution of this
society.
Dr. Bowen seems satisfied with the
action of the meeting and will bring his
family to reside with him in this City
during his connection with the church.
Loans on diamonds, interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 16 Grant avenue.
IMPERIALS BRACED UP,
New Talent Has Materially Im
proved the Local Base
ball Team.
They Played an Errorless Game and
Easily Vanquished the Oak
land Men.
The reconstructed, reformed, rejuve
nated Imperials were too strong for the
Oakland ball-players yesterday, and in the
latter part of the game walked away from
their opponents.
The colts played an errorless game,
despite the fact that Wilds is credited
with a misplay. The only error made
was one ot judgment, and it should have
been credited to Pitoher McCarthy, who
tried to catch Feenay at first in the last
Inning, after having given him a base on
balls. The Oaklands too fielded well,
being charged with but three mistakes,
not one of which proved costly.
The Imperials were first at bat, and
John McCarthy, the initial batter, was hit
by a pitched ball. He went to first base
and was advanced to third on Nealon's
single. Nealon went to second on Wilds'
out at first. Tillson landed a safe hit
back of second baee and both McCarthy
and Nealon scored. Nealon failed to touch
third base, however, and was declared out
because of his oversight. Muller retired
the side on a fly to Agnew.
Oakland tied the score in the third in
ning. Shea got a base on balls, stole sec-
ond, went to third on Donovan's out and
scored on Walton's fly to left. -
In the fifth, singles by Crowley and Joe
McCarthy,' a base on balls and Nealon's
force hit scored two runs for j the Impe
rials, while ■; in the i sixth the Oaklands
earned a tally on a double by Walters and
Feeney's i single. The . run-getting of . the
visitors' ended right there, and the Impe
rials failed to score again until the eighth.
In the last inning but one, John McCar
thy made the star play of the game. Ag
new was first at bat, and he lifted one of
those exasperating low flies that are too
high for the infield and too short for the
outfield. It looked dollars to doughnuts
that the ball would failsafe, but by a great
exhibition of sprinting McCarthy got up
in time to get the ball. '
He captured *it not two feet ; from the
ground C and was roundly applauded. ; In
the : ninth inning Walters made a catch
almost as brilliant as 7 McCarthy's and
thereby robbed Warde of a hit.
In the eighth inning the Imperials add
ed two i runs to their score. Nealon led
off with a double and Wilds got a base on
balls. £; Mnllor landed , a pretty single to
center and both Nealon and Wilds scored.
The •■ ball ' was 5 thrown wild Yin trying to
catch the Imperial ■ first ; baseman >at the
plate and Muller tried to score on the play
and was caught at the' rubber. -
- Three more tallies wert corraled by the
Imperials in the final inning on two sin
gles, two bases on balls and a triple.
• Following is the official score:
- - Imperials. : a.b. b. b.h. s.b. r.o. a. x.
McCarthy. L t 2 2 0 0 5 0 0
Nealon, c.b......... 5 2 4 12 0 0
Wilds, 1 b... ... ..;..■* 110 6 0 1
Tillson, 1b.... ...... 6 0 1 0 3.4. 0
Mailer, 3. b.. ....... 4, - 0 1 0. 3 0 0
Creamer, 2 ...... 4 0 0 0 3 10
Crowley, r.X... ...... 3 13 0 0 0 0
Ward, c. ............ 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Joe McCarthy, p.... 3 2 1:01 1 0
T0ta15. ....... .....34 110 1 27 6 1
OAK LANDS. : - A.B. B. . B.H. S.B. P.O. A. -B.
Donovan. 1 b~...... 4 0 10 6 0 0
Walton, 2 b......... 3 0 0 0 4 11
Arlett, b. b.......... 6 0 0 0 • 4.2 1
Agnew.l.f 4 0 0 0 3 10
Keating, r. f.; 4.010 0 0.0
Wolters, c. * ..4 12 0 4 0:0
Feeney, 3b......... 3 0 ' -. 10 1 11
Davis, c. ..4.0 1 0 a 3 0
Bhea, p.... 8 1 1 0 £ j» 10
Touis::../..;...,i84 2. ~6 2 27 "i "i
SCOBS BY TSHtJXQB.I'. ■' A..-.' ,
1mperia15.... ...... .....10 0 0 2 0 0 2 B—B
0ak1and5........... ....0 , 0 10 ' 0 ;10 0 o—2
,'\ . I '-. ■<"" SUMMARY. " J; ■ ■'■':
Earned Oakland*, 1; Imperials, 4. Three
base Wilds. Two-base Nealon and Wol
ters. Doable plays— Ariett to Walton to Donovan.
Base on balls— Oaklands, 3: Imperials, 4. Hit by
pitched ball — John " McCarthy - and - Donovan.
Struck out— McCarthy, 3. Passed balls—
1. Umpire, O'Neill.::;-, v- w ; ; : .
-"•■• ■'.. » • » ■ . '
HIS LEG AMPUTATED.
Accident to Paul Mukininn, a Boy, on
the Electric Road.
Paul Makinaon, the seven-year-old son
of George Makinson, Ninth avenue and L
streets, had his left leg amputated below
tbe knee at the Receiving Hospital yester
day by Dr. Bunncll, assisted by Dr.
Maher.
The boy left home about 11 o'clock yes
terday morning to attend Mrs. Cooper's
Sunday-school on Sixth avenue. On his
way he jumped on an Ellis-street electric
car which had just left the park, and when
the car reached Seventh avenue and I
street he jumped off and fell, his left leg
being thrown across the rail. The rear
wiieel of the car passed over it, crushing it
into pulp. The car proceeded on its way
to the City, neither the motorman nor
conductor being aware of the accident.
The ambulance was summoned and the
boy was taken to the hospital, where his
leg was amputated.
HARVEST HOME.
The Church of th» Advent the ; Scene
of a Large Gathering Last
Night.
Some three or four hundred children, as
well .as a ; large ■ congregation of adults,'
crowded the Episcopal Church of .the Ad
vent to the doors last night on the occasion
of the [\ Harvest J Home festival. A ; pro
gramme ; of special orchestral and vocal
music was finely rendered during the
evening, the • former including ; Gounod's
magnificent "Aye Maria" : and ; Raff's
scarcely less beautiful together
with a violin " solo by F. C. Piise. George
King, the young organist 'of the church,
played with conspicuous ability.^gggf^Spi^
The members of the orchestra were as
follows: Pianist, Miss Kate Madden; first
violins, F. 0. Piise and J. Harding; second
violins, Louis : Sorian and : Emile Coret;
flute, 8. Disbeoker; cornetist, W. C. Mur
ray; clarione tist, F. Lane.
: The chancel : and approaches were ex
quisitely decorated with votive offerings
from the field and orchard, the handsome
altar in particular >. forming ; a most attrac
tive center-piece. The effect of such fea
tures as the foregoing was further intensi
fied by the ' picturesque accessories of the
Episcopalian ritual. Rarely, in fact, has
the handsome interior of the Church of
the Advent been seen to greater advantage.
The rector,? Rev.; J. A. Emery, was as-;
sisted in the conduct ' of the " service by.
Revs. 'H. B. i Monges ' and Howitt, whila
the children of the : Sunday-shool were
under the supervision of Superintendent
J. Allaire. - .; . »~\r-^:x ■ v "-■/ ■- \
The children having been put through
the catechism, the rector briefly ad
dressed the congregation. ;He expressed
a hope that the present might merely
prove one of - many similar gatherings,
and intimated that the collection would
be set aside for the benefit of the Sunday
school. ' . ." i
He could not recollect a single previous
instance on which ho cad ; ever made a
begging appeal from the chancel, but to
night he would ask them to do something
for the children, so that when Christmas
came round once more it would •<■■ be i pos
sible to give them as happy a festival and
as many remembrances as has been done
in the time gone by.
TO LEAD STANFORD MEN
Football Captain Fickert Worked
All Summer Near
Tehachapi.
Comes Back Hopeful and Determined
and Says the Team Must Play
a Fast Game.
Charles M. Fickert, captain of the Stan
ford football team, arrived here yesterday
from the mountains near Tehachapi Pass,
where he has spent the last three months
in different kinds of rough work, that he
might be well prepared to go ucon the
gridiron field and lead his men through a
vigorous season. His father owns some
land in that part of the country, a little
farm of about 13,000 acres, devoted to the
raising of grain and cattle, and there the
son, who is a youth about six feet two
inches in height and strongly built, has
been taking a turn at everything that
would produce muscle.
He is very hopeful over the prospects at
Palo Alto, whither he will go to-day to
look at the incoming freshmen.
"This year," said he, the Stanford team
must play a faster game. That is one of
the things I shall work for. Then I want
to take Soper in hand at once and teach
him to tackle. He is a good punter, but
that is not the only requisite for a full
back. That position will be hardest to
fill, particularly as Berkeley has such a
fine kicker in Captain Eansome. Ho is
the whole team. There is a big, active
fellow named Freeman, a freshman last
year, tliat I count on some for fullback.
He is the tennis champion and played on
the baseball team. lie is cool and strong.
Then there is Young, first base in the ball
team. He weighs 205 pounds and might
make a good guard. We are pretty well
off, though, in the line. Fisher and Dale
or Thomas are good men for halfs. Wnat
we will most need are a fullback and a
quarter. I have an idea now that we
couldn't do better than put Jeffs and
Cotton on tbe ends.
"I hear there is a great deal of fresh
man material of some experience, espe
cially players from the Northwest, where
they say we are to get four or five men.
But I do not count much on freshmen for
the varsity. In the last four years only
two freshmen have made the Stanford
team— McMillan of '97 and Cotton o! '98.
Tbe prospects are good for a much better
freshman eleven than in previous years,
and that means something to the varsity
next year or the year after. The captain
of the Denver Hieh School team is already
at Palo Alto and will enter as a freshman,
and there are others from the East. I
beard the other day tbat Whitehouse is
coming back to Stanford. He played
tackle in '93 and afterward left college,
played with the Reliance, and is now in
the East, where he has just given up his
position."
A Determined Suicide.
Auguste Girard, a native of France, aged 52
years, whose residence is given in the direc
tory as 1117 Broadway, shot himself through
the right temple yesterday at 2 o'clock at 817
Larkiu street.
From what could be learned from his mother
and A. Laduc at the place where the suicide
took place, the deceased and Laduc had re
cently bought the saloon, in the rear room of
which Gimrd killed himself a short time
a nee, and as tbe business was not very flourish
ing the deceased became despondent, and on
several occasions during tbe past few days he
threatened to end his existence.
MEW TO-DAT.
••••••••••••••••••••••
;L ect Gail Borden
Perfect
infant Eagle Brand
1:00(1 Condensed Milk
1 "Infant Health," is a little book of
great value that is sent Free on appli-
cation.
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, Hew York
"THOUGHTLESS FOLKS HAVE THE HARDEST
WORK, BUT QUICKWITTED
PEOPLE USE
SAPOLIO
HK\'<^prßs» 3? (# tioat >f afamousFreDCh physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr/
* B V\V- i ' \*± \A MANHOOD RESTOREDSS"?:
T£ «T mm 25? S tlon ot a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all n^
' M *$' y\l V d*H • vona or diseases of the generative orsana such NerVons^ewStJ 1
M \Mr% A V&f Pimples, tJnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, VariporfOe an
pi y^ZT V: Constipation. ;: It stops a 1 losses by day or night? Prev^» ank*l
M irfi .?N-/. ::. . «SiLi/i- 5 utss of discharge, which if notchected leads to Spermatorrho^^
BEFORE »ho AFTER & 1 ,!, thehorr i )r J of tapoteacy. cupidekf, cleanses theUverih*
S „„ kidneys and th« urinary organs of all impuritiea. louver, m«
: ~;: ■ CuPIWBNE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - ;-':.- ■ . " '" . ;
The reason sufferer; are not cured Doctors is because ninety per cent are tirmh!«vt »im.
ProatatitU. CUPIDENE is the only knoJm remedy to cure without an op* ratlorT 8000 t<>atta!ot&
I Bis. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a DermanSn?2?2i'
tlJOO ia box, six for $5.00, by mail. j Send for *bee clrcul.ir and testimonials. . Permanent ear*
AddiM> UAVOIi M.J£DIOINIJ» CO.* 1170 Market street, San Francisco, C«0. for sale by
; JJKOOKtt' PaAKMACyril* PoweU«r«««.'
uring & sTr6flt covorv wis
■Qftppincss to rl^wti'fc^*^^ spccitilistsof
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials. . . »
The extraordinary Reiuvenator is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
Indorsed by the leading scientific men o.'
Europe and America:
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in: twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitcbings of the eyes and other
parts. Strengthens, Invigorates and tones tho
entire system. It is as cheap as any other
remedy. -?iaßßvNptlmteM|ta«S!HGBmß&9
v HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains . in the back, - losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-,
ments. - r. . ; r.-. •-" ■ : : ■ • " M "\
Prematureness means impotenoy in the first
stage. It Is. a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudyan. Hudyan cost* no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
•ore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 80-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars. , - :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
- San T"ranci»oo."Cal-
BSFA^c 6
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women. . ;>■ ,
Diseases of- young;, - middle.
aged and • old men which weaKen
the body and the brain, causing' ner-
vous . debility in all .its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and ; failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. ■ Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study, ,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves » and
Blood. .If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or ; death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
i the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
! CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically, treated and
invariably cured. •."." ,
• THE POOR of this city who Call at his
office on Friday afternoons of , each week
are welcome 'to his professional ' services
, free. . _'. . :,. ■ ■ ■ . .  . ■ \ ... "ry,%
You can be cured at home,
Write your troubles if living away from
the : city and are ' unable ;to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, 1 Norwegian and Danish.
M Correspondence ?- strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," senc-frea on ap-
plication. Address ■ • '
DR F L SWEANY 737 Market at,
"' T. L. OnCHnl, San Francisco. o*l.
4&UWYSI
IS, THJB VERY BKaT * ONB I TU -EXAAtrjja
X your eyes and at teem to ■ Speotaalas and By*.
gluies witta t Instrumsnta >of bin own iavansiaiu
WfeOMcapertorlty t*» not been eqa*U& ■■ Jlf 444?
V MsihM been dae to Uie merit* iu^ wV4 % -
VSu» Hours— i- v i c. c ■
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodlstao and spec Ido tonia for ttis ■
texnal and urinary org&aa of . both sexes, ml »
great remedy for diseases of th» kidneys and Wal-
■ ter. A great; Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervlaa.
fcells ;on 5 Its own Merits— no . long-winded i»«i«
denials necessary. •■ ■■-■-'■.: : , ,
2HAISJ-.K, AL.VS * BItUJSiJ, Agents,
523 Market sit., S. !■".— (Send for circular) -ARE NOW CHILDREN
OF THE CHURCH,
Those Who Received the
Sacrament of Con
firmation
FROM THE ARCHBISHOP.
Solemn and Impressive Cere
mony at St. Agnes
Church.
A SERMON TO PARENTS.
When Confirmed the Boys Unhesi
tatingly Joined the League of
the Cross.
Yesterday, for the first time in its his
tory, Bt. Agnes Church, on Masonic ave
nue, was visited by Archbishop Riordan.
Some fifty intelligent children received
the sacrament of confirmation from his
hands.
"I am glad to meet you all and to greet
you," said the Archbishop to the large
congregation assembled,, "under such au
spicious circumstances. The confirmation
of the children, which you have come to
witness, is a momentous event in your
lives and theirs. It marks a period in
their lives when they must be guided in
their daily conduct chiefly Dy their own
reason, and can rely no longer solely upon
the counsel of their parents and teachers.
"The children are now entering upon the
most dangerous years of their Jives, for
they will soon be leaving home, forming
new associations and encountering many
new temptations. The practice of virtue
is not always easy. We are often com
pelled to mix with good and evil company,
and our children when leaving the home
of their parents need to be strengthened
with virtue. It is for this reason that the
holy churoh administers the sacrament of
confirmation.
"The Jear children know what is right,
and God, coming in the sacrament, will
give them the moral strength and courage
to do what is right. It is in tbe home that
the spiritual and intellectual training of
children should ever be continued. As a
rule boys are like their fathers and girls
generally take their characters from their
mothers. If the parents are sober, indus
trious, God-fearing Christians so will the
children be.
"Next to the home the best source of
instruction is the church, and I urge upon
your attention the necessity of maintain
ing iv ail D&rishes well-organized Sunday
schools, taught by earnest and intelligent
teachers. If we don't look after the morai
welfare of our little ones bow can we ex
pect them to become good Catholics when
they have arrived at years ot maturity and
taken our places? In this skeptical age it
is no easy task to bring up our children in
the way they should go. We Catbolics
cannot be hail-fellow-well-met with every
body, for there are sacred obligations, line
the ten commandments, resting upon us
which we dare not disregard. Conse
quently let us take heed in time and by
properly training our children, provide
wisely for the future."
The girls waiting to receive the sacra
ment were dressed in white. They wore
white lace veils and around their heads
were floral circlets. The boys wore wide
collars and knots of white ribbon around
their right arms.
Upon the conclusion of tbe Arch
bishop's address, the children knelt in
front of the ahar-rail and received the
sacrament. The Archbishop, assisted by
Fathers Mulligan and McMation, extended
his hands over tnera, prayed that they
might receive the Hoiy Ghost and
anointed their foreheads, with oil in the
form oi a cross. Following is a list of the
boys and girls continued :
John Paul Dunn, John Louis Bertrand
Whelan, Bert Vincent Doherty, Joseph
Hugh Quigiey, Joseph Emanuel Curley,
Kdward Thomas O'Brien, James Mervyn
Donaghy, William Joseph Carrick, Ed
ward Patrick Finn. Peter Joseph Descalso,
James Aloyscus, William Patrick Neeson,
Montague Gurry, Eugene Francis Reilly,
Rooert Aloysius White, Leo Joseph Mc-
Donald, Cleve'and Edwaid Lundy, John
Leo Martin, Pnihp James Martin, Edward
Louis Hunt, Walter Francis Dunn, Vin
cent Henry Ryan, Thomas William
Lundy, Henry Vincent McDonald,
Thomas Joseph Carew, Roscoe Conk
ling Fenton, Walter Joseph Foley,
May Alice Dunn, Felicita Helena Arel
lance, Henrietta Magdalene Williams,
Katie Agnes O' Brien. Alma Emela bmith, j
Magpie Agatha Fitzsimmons, Mary Eilen I
Walbb. Lizzie Gertrude Ryan, Rose Maria |
McGrath. Margaret H. Ruddick, Alice C.
Whelan, Mary Clare Moran, Alice Gertrude :
Moran, Anita Josephine Black, Irene j
Agnes Doherty, Bella Genevieve Birch, j
Emma Magtrie Donaghy, Gertrude Clare
O'Tooie, Gertrude Alice Valentine, Caro
line Frances, A^nes Butler.
After confirmation, the boys all joined
the League of the Cross, pledging them- 1
selves to abstain from all intoxicating i
drinK? and from visiting places where |
liquors are sold, until 21 years of age. j
with a benediction, pronounced by tne '
Archbishop, the services were then con
cluded.
LANE TO THE "PEOPLE"
The Millionaire Miner Asks
Small Campaign Con
tributions,
The Silverit-s' Address With an
Apology for Existenc?, but Noth
ing About Lane's L g.
The silverite bosses have issued an ad
dress to the "People of California," sis ned
principally by Charles D. Lane, t c mil
lionaire miner, incipient politician and
would-be Senator, requesting popular con
tributions to the silver campaign fund.
The authors of the address seized the
opportunity they created and presented in
the missive "reasons for the existence" of
the Silver party in this State. The apology
is somewhat interesting in its way.
Charles D. Lane, candidate for the Sen
ate and tne financial godsend to the Silver
and Democratic parties, siirns a letter pro
mulgated by George W. Baker, the South
ern Pacific attorney, Frank J. Moffitt and
others, which says that the organization
"has no private ambitions to further."
These lolks are out l# .or the plain people"
and "seek only ihe consciousness of a duty
honestly performed."
This committee revels El the bignest and
finest State headquaiters any party or
ganization has ever enj >yed in this State.
The drayloads of the St. Louis speech of
Millionaire Francis G. Rowlands, which i
are sucked up in the headquarters, will j
be distributed free among the small sub
scribers to the campaign fund, and they
will thus be kept in "touch" with the
organization.
The issuance of the address has already
caused many wondering inquiries as to
the state of Mr. Lane's leg, the advent of
which into California politics was the
caus^ of so much joyous bailing, and the
elasticity of winch has been regarded vith
so much confidence.
The address in fuil is as follows:
Headquarteks ]
California Silver « ampaign Committkk, I
Baldwin Hotel.
San Francisco, Cal., Autr. 27, 1896. J
To the People of Ca ?/orii»o; In entering upon
a campaign oi education and earnest en
deavor, the California Silver Campaign Com
mittee deems it fitting that some statement aa
to the reasons for its existence, its hopes and
purposes, be made to those whose support it in
tends to ask, whose assistance it will try to
secure.
This is a campaign of the people against the
corporations, of the masses against the classes,
of tne producer against the powers which have
baudtid together to squeeze from him the ulti
mate farthing of his production. In the light
of such a campaign, party lines grow dim or
are entirely obliterated, and honesty of pur
pose becomes the one test for membership in
the on-marching army of financial reform.
Those who speculate in the money of the
people, careless as to the misery caused by
their speculation, are arranging a. campaign
of bribery and intimidation. They will stop
at nothing to continue class domination.
They are already at work.
Their machinations must be counteracted,
their schemes defeated, their dart doings
brought into the light. Their sophistries
must be met by argument, their intimidations
neutralized, their briberies exposed. The
great financial problem must be elucidated
and the benefits of the proposed legislation in
favor of the free coinage of silver at a ratio of
16 to 1 put so plainly before the people that
none need err therein.
It is to do these things that the California
Silver Campaign Committee is arranging to
bend its energies. It will combat error, ex
pose fraud and assist the truth. It has no pri
vate ambitions to further, no private enemies
to punish, no ends to subserve, except such as
make for the public good. It is for these rea
sons that the commit lee feels in a position to
invite the co-operation, support and active
assistance of all opponents of the gold power,
all true friends of the silver cause.
Some time afier tne close ot the National
conventions a number of citizens who uad
been active in the effort to have the silver
i issue injected into the campaign, and whose
unwavering opposition to a single gold stan
dard cannot be questioned, invited a confer
ence of representatives of all parties in order
to discuss the best methods of waging the peo
ple's war. Out of that conference grew this
campaign committee— a committee entirely
non-partisan, with but one end and aim — a
triumph of silver and the plain people, oi the
masses over such corporations as enter poli
tics to debauch them, of right over wrong.
Once this triumph is accomp.ished, this com
mittee will go out of existence, making no re-
I quests for ireferment, asking no favors, ex
! peering no reward beyond the consciousness of
! a duty honestly performed.
There is a natural reluctance, even in times
lof greatest stress, to depart entirely from
1 party i filiations, to jump atone bound the
; party lences. So tnis committee hopes to be
come the rallying point for all friends oi sil
ver, tor all who desire the restoration of the
| "wiiite metai" to its natural and proper posi
: tion in the finances of the country, for all who
wish for a betterment of present financial and
commercial conditions. It asks no man to
leave his party to go into another. It hopes to
band together Republicans, Poj ulists and
Democrats under the banner of honesty and to
lead them with the battle cry of "True money
for true men."
The committee feels that the great mass of
the people of California is opposed lothe exac
tions of certain great corporations which have
led and are bull leading the movement for
clbss legislation to the detriment ol :he pro
! ducing toilers. Inasmuch as these corporations
I are opposing the silver cause, just as they
j have fought all measures intended to lighten
j the burdens ot the people, this committee will
j oppose them and use its influence to check
| their rapacity and defeat their evil intentions.
i We are upon like grounds uncompromisingly
j opposed to any and all schemes for the refund
ing of the Pacific Railroad indebtedness to the
United States as unwarranted by tdedicates
I of justice and fair dealing, and an attempt to
secure special privileges for corporate power
contrary to the spirit of a republican form of
government and subversive of the best inter
ests of the people of the State of California.
On the other hand, we hope to be instru
mental in encouraging legitimate industry, in
I promoting business, in chicking the attempts
| ot the gold shouters to produce a panic, and to
give all lines of honest endeavor a surer basis
in more profitable returns. We feel that the
free coinage of silver will directly benefit the
I producer, tne laborer, the farmer, the manu
! facturer, the ertisan, and that their interests
i are superior to those of the stock-jobber, the
1 speculator and the exacting cor| orations
! which hope to grow richer by reducing the
price of labor and interfering with the free
expression of the people's will.
Wiih this brief declaration of its intentions,
the committee feels that it will be free to ask
tiie necessary financial aid from the friends of
silver in all parties. The funds collected will
j be expended with a careful eye to see that
! each dollar achieves a result in furthering
silver's cause. The best literature will be ient
out, clubs formed and speakers commissioned;
All subscribers to the lund and ah those who
! assist in the work of organization and the
j spread of tbe people's doctrines will be re
garded as the direct representatives of the
committee— its sub-comnntteemen in the dit
iereni districts. Each will be kept In direct
touch and communication, and in this way it
is expected thai an efficient organization will
be maintained without the expense attendant
upon the maintenance of party machinery,
and the stirring work of a campaign so con
] ducted will result in overwhelming success.
We hope to assist in removing the "crown of
thorns from the brow of labor," to make honest
work worth honest dollars and to further the
election of William Jennings Bryan to the
Presidency of the United States.
California Silver Campaign Committee.
( C. D. Lane, Chairman National Silver Party.
C ELEBRATE WITH STEINS.
I-ocal Turners Honor Members Who
Won Great Victories in the State
Meet.
The hall of the San Francisco Turn
Verein, on Turk street, was the scene of a
banquet and reception last night in honor
of the successful local competitors in the
recent Turn Bezirk at Santa Cruz. Sev
eral hundred men and women were pres
ent. President S. A. Trost pre-ided and
was assisted by the members of the ex
ecutive and by Alfred Furth and H. M.
Alpen.
Among the toasts responded to were the
following: "Active Turners," acknowl
edged by Profes-sir R. Barth; "The Be
zirk," acknowledged by F. Attinger;
"The Bund," acknowledged by J. Sim
mer; 'Our Turn Sisters," acknowledged
by H. Miller.
Diplomas and prizes were distributed as
follows to the successful aspirants for the
laurel wreath:
First grade— Third prize, H. M. Sepen;
fourth, \V. H.ffmann; fifth. M. Hausmann;
fixth, J. Schmidt; eighth, E. Fleischer; ninth,
H. Meyer. Second grade — Sacoud prize, E.
ballbach; fourth, F. Hoflmairn; tenth, Theo
dore Pianz; thirteenth, W.lliam Staeirer.
Third grade— First prize, F. Koster; second, J.
Hoops; fourth. J. Guetersloh; sixth, F. Krause;
eleventh, F. Kranzer; twenty-first, M. Wallen-
Btein and H. Stehlin tiid. Special prizes, sec
ond grade— Kirst for apparatus work, L. Frank;
first for hißh jump, hop, step and jump
and throwing 16-pound «hot, H. M. Alpen;
second lor climbing high jump and ruuning,
W. Hoffmann; first for long jump, luting
heavy weight and vaulting, F. Hoffmann;
first for foil-iencing, H. M. Alpen; first for
broadsword-fencing, H. M. Alpen; second lor
heavy-weight catch-as-catch-can wrestling,
George Hildebrond; first f.>r middle-weight
wrestling, X Hoffmann; first for lightweignt
wrestling. J. Schmidt. Literary work— First,
E. Sallbaih; second in veteran class, H. Miller;
third, A. Brehen.
It will thus be seen that the local Turn
ers secured, in competition against the
rest of the State societies of a similar char
acter, the highest averaee in all t ree
grade?, which are designed to represent
varying degrees of ability. In other
words, they won thirty- four prizes out of
a total of eighty-four.
Drowned In Muddy Water.
Two fishermen saw a man struggling in the
muddy waters at the foot of Fourth otreet early
yesterday morning, and at once went to his
assistance in a j skill, but the man was dead
when they/reached him. The body was taken
to the Morgue, where it remains among the
unidintiried. ; , - *
The body seems to be that of a sailor or lone
shore hand, about 45 years, and was dressed
in a cheap suit of new clothes, with new laced
shoes, a blue fl .nnel shirt, black silk necktie
Deceased's hair was cut short and turning
gray, and be * had a brown-mmtache. Hi- had
teen seen about the vicinity during the earlier
part of the uight in an intoxicated condition
It is thought he may have fallen into the water
by nrfiflrnt'"J^^C|Hl|£j|
• • •
. The straw-plaiting industry of England
gives, employment to about'so,ooo women
and 4000 to 5000 men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1596.
TWO KINDS OF
CONFESSIONALS
Father Nugent Eloquently
Defends the Tribunal
of Penance.
SCRIPTURAL AUTHORITY
The Speaker Quotes From the
Apostles to - Show Its
Divine Origin.
HOW SINS ABE FORGIVE*^
Confessional Only One of Six Require*
ments for the Remission of
Transgressions.
Rev. L. J. Nugent of Dcs Momes lec
tured at Su Brendan's Church last even
ing upon "The Last Confessional." Father
Nugent is an accomplished speaker, and
throughout tbe course of a two hours' ad
dress the interest of his auditors never
faltered.
"It is perhaps not known to the people
of this congregation," be said, "that there
are two kinds of confessions. One of these
was instituted by Christ and is in the na
ture of a sacrament. The other was insti
tuted about 300 years ago and is in the na
ture of a campaign document.
"The institution of confession is one of
the most remarkable in the world. I
know of nothing which has been written
about so much by people who know abso
lutely nothing about it. The confession
in the nature of a sacrament is known to
the Catholic church. That in the nature
of a campaign document is known to the
outside world.
"Among those who have succeeded
moderately well in following the law of
God many will tell you that they owe
their salvation largely to the institution
of the tribunal of penance. The confes
sion in the nature of a campaign docu
ment has also done some good good. It
has kept many an apostate priest and
escaped nun irom starving to death.
"The tribunal of penance is a wonderful
institution. It is the last fortification ot
the new convert, and it is the first one
yielded up by the backslider. Priests
know well when a man is beginning to get
morally rotten within by ttie distance he
puts between himself and the confessional.
It is a pity, a ereat pity, that an institu
tion so essentially connected with the vi
tality of the church is so little known by
those outside of it.
"Tbe campaign tribunal of penance was
intended to show the direct opposite of
what the church teaches. The outside
world sees nothing but the negative. You
and I in our early childhood have been
jeered at on account of the confessional.
People say it is wrong Jor any Catholic to
hofd office because cc has given his con
science to the Pope of Rome and he has it
on record. Ihey have taken that idea
solely from the negative, irom the cam
paign document.
"No priest in the State of California
ever taught a child that his sins w. re for
given by confession or through confession.
We do teach them that their sins are re
mitted by the sacrament of penance.
Confession is only one of the six require
ments necessary t.o the sacrament of pen
ance. Three of these are ou the part of
the penitent.
'On tne part of the penitent he must
have truly confessed his sins as near as he
can remember them, he must be sincerely
sorry and rei-oived to amend his ways and
he must make restitution. On the part of
the church there must be origination, jur
isdiction and absolution. Tuounh tbe
priest may be ordained, may have juris
diction from the Bishop and may hold up
his hands and give absolution there can
certainly be no forgiveness unless there is
sorrow. The average non-Catholic doesn't
believe a Catholic is ever sorry for his
sins. He just has his sins forgiven as he
pays his taxes, and takes his receipt and
waits until they accumulate again.
"If 1 were to make that explanation to
a non-Catholic he would say, 'That's
plausible enough, but I don't* see what
right one man has to receive confessions
from anothei man.' lam going to give
the best authority in the world— the au
thority o! Jesus Christ. We take up St.
Mark, xviii:lB, and we read: 'Whose sins
you shall forgive they are lorgiven; whose
sins you have retained they iiave retained
them.' The same words occur in St.
John. The church retains those texts as
a charier for this institution.
"There is something peculiar about
these texts. After the world had been
reading these texis tor over fifteen cen
turies, about 300 or 400 years ago a lot of
people woke up and declared tuat we had
been reading them wrongly. If those
words don't mean that, in the name of ihe
English language what do they mean?
There is not a word that a child need ask
the meaning of. It has been beiore the
people for nineteen centuries, Dut people
who say the words of St. Mark mean just
what the say are called Romanists and are
laughed at."
The speaKer then drew upon the history
of me cnurch toreutethe statement that
the confessional was not known prior to
the twelfth century. He quoted extracts
from eminent doctors of the church in re
gard to this institution as early as the first
century. In conclusion he depicted the
practical benefits of the confessional, and
showed how sin-burdened souls were re
lieved at the tribunal ot penance.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
A Number of Exciting and Closely Con-
tested Games Played Yes
terday.
A number of exciting games were
played in the handball courts yesterday.
At tbe San Francisco Court great interest
was taken in a game in which four juve
niles participated. W. Jacobs and R. Mur
phy playing against M. Edwards and J.
Collins. The boys played well, and after
each team had won two games the final
was postponed till next Sunday. The
event of the day was a rattling four-hand
game, T. F. Bonnet and Joe Lawless play
ing against P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and George Hutcbinson, and
defeating them by two to one.
Several new players made their appear
ance in the Union court and showed that
they could han le the ball almost as well
as the old timers. The chief attraction
was a came between the two crack teams,
J. J. Feeney and Terry McMunus ami R.
Leninan and James Nelson. They played
with their usual dash, and, alter each
team had won two games, it was decided,
owing to darkness setting in, to postpone
the final till next Sunday.
At the Eureka court H. McGrain, One
of the Mission champions, and M. Norton
played a great g»me against J. J. White
and Thomas McLaughlin and defeated
them. Charles Daley, the other cliara
pion, was unable to play from indispo
sition and Norton took his place. Mc-
Grath and Daley say they are content to
be Mission champions and have no desire
to aspire to th- coast championship.
Following were the games played in tbe
courts yesterday :
San Francisco court— W. Hamilton and W.
Stansbury deteß ed M. McC'.ure and M. Ed
wards, 21—13, 15—21, 21—18. D. Rodgers find
R Snea defeated G. Dahl and P. Ryan, 21— 1G,
18—21, 21—20. R. S iea nnd (j. McDonald de
feated D. Rog.rs and P. Ryan, 21—17, 15—21,
21—19. J. McEvely and D. Connelly defeated
P. Kelly and J. Siattery. 21—13, 15—21, 21—
18. W. Jacobs and R. Murphy played M. Ed
vards and J. Coll. us, and each sideVon two
games. J. O'Donnelland C. W»rd defeated T.
Sullivan and R. Shields, 21—16, 18—21, 21—
'JO. D. Smith and J. McEvely defeated D. ton
nelly and P. Hutchison, 21—15, 17—21, 21—
20. T. F. Bonnet anil Joe Lawless defeated P.
T. Donnelly, amateur champion, and Geo.
Hutchinson. 21—16, 14—21, 21—19.
Union court— Ed Thompson and F. W. Glvnn
defeated F. Kiernan and J. Quinlan, 21—20,
20—21, 21—15. H. McKenney and Dan
Dooiey defeated W. Boyce and F. O'Brien,
21—10,18—21,21—19. James Lyons and W.
Prince defe«ted J. Bumell and J. Flynn,
21—15. 21—19. Ed Toy and C. Carson defeated
T. E. Wiiley and M. Tierney, 21-18, 21—13.
J. Mangin and C. Bradley defpated A. H. Harms
and J. Dugan, 21—19, 21—15. Dan Doherty
n.nd Charles Long deieated \V. P. Doran and
F. G. Doran, 21—17, 21—19. Terry McManus
and Ed Na:inerv defeated J. Howard and J.
O'Donnell. 21—17, 21—18, 21—15. J. J. Feeney
and Terry McManus played R. Lenihan and J.
Nelson, each side winning a rub.
Eureka court— H. McGrath and M. Norton
deieated J. J. White and Thomas McLaughlin,
21—11, 21—16, 20—21. 21—17. F. Tuite and
M. Tierney defeated Krink Feeney and John
Valsh. The Coffey brothers were defeated by
the Lawley brothers. Gus Gilfeather defeated
John J. White.
McCALL WILL SPEAK.
The Distinguished Congressman
to Appear at the Audi
torium
Congressman S. W. McCall of Massa
chusetts will be the principal speaker at
a big Republican mass-meeting to be held
at the Auditorium to-morrow night, at
which George A. Knight will piobably
preside.
Mr. McCall who arrived here Saturday
in company with Congressman L. D.
Apsley of Massachusetts, vice-chairman
of the National Congressional Committee,
ia well-known as one of the ablest sneakers
; n the House of Representatives, and
there will be a general interest in
hearing the issues of the day discussed by
the author of the phrase about the "crown
of thorns" and "the brow of laDor,"
which William J. Bryan used in his con
vention speech. Mr. Apsiey is expected
to speak in San U;ego soon in the course
of the tour the two distinguished gentle
men are makine.
Yesterday Messrs. McCall and Apsley,
with their wives and a small party, which
include! John D. Spreckels and George A.
Knight, enjoyed a trip about the bay. One
feature of the delightful experience was a
luncheon on board of Mr. Spreckels' yacht
Lurline. _______________
ANOTHER RECORD BROKEN
Clyde Hawthorne Is Now in the
Front Rank of ioo-Yard
Swimmers.
Charles Cavill, tbe Australian Cham
pion, Shows ihe People How He
Can Go Through the Water.
.There was great sport in theSutro Baths
yesterday for the lovers of swimming, and
there were exciting and well-contested
amateur races, one being for the 100-yard
amateur championship of America. These
were conducted under the auspices of the
California Swimming Club, with George
Moss, William Kennedy of the Olympic
OiubandF. W. Huntington of the Cali
fornia Swimming Club as judges and Pro-
Clyde Hawthorne. Who Broke the 100-
Yard >wimming Record.
lessor Harry Clark and F. B. Butz of the
Olympic Club and I. B. Riddle as time
keepers.
Dan Renear, who held the champion
ship, 1:033-5, had issued a challenge to
Clyde Hawthorne, a native son and cham
p on of Santa Cruz, and it was accepted.
Hawthorne, upon whose vest are attached
half a dozen medals awarded him for
various natatorial feats, wa* on hand, but
for some reason not given Renear did not
enter tbe race. The distance was the
length of the lon • tank, with one turn.
Those who entered were Hawthorne, R. B.
Cornell, Champion of the California Swim
ming Club; Otto Sc uelte and Paul
Treanton, champion fifij-yard swimmer
of the Paciric Coa-*t.
In a moment after the start Hawthorne,
who is a very graceful swimmer, took thf
lead and kept it. He wa« closely followed
by Cornell, but after the turn Hawthorne
drew farther ahead and finished in 1:05 1-5,
breaking the record. Cornell came in
second in 1:08 3-5. The per ormance was
loudly applauded and the winner was sood
surroumled by a crowd of admirers
anxious to congratulate hiru.
Hawthorne, who is but 18 years of age,
has made several records, one in July at
Santa Cruz, when in a seventy-tire-yard
race, be beat his opponent twenty-five
feet and broke the record for that distance.
The record was :52 4-5, and he made it in
:48%.
'lne next important race on which time
was taken was one for professionals. The
contestants were Charies Cavill, champion
of Australia; M. H. Gay, champion 1000
-yard swimmer of the Pacific Coast, and
Dan Green, champion one-quarter-mile
swinjmerof tbe Pacific Coast. Tbe distance
was 450 yards. Cavill took the lead at the
start and held it to the finish, though at
one time it looke<i as if Green would be
the winner, particularly when he made a
spurt and came within a siroke or two of
passing tbe gentleman from Ausualia.
Gay, who had been exercisi ng freely just
previously to the race, could not keep up
with the others and drew out. Cavili's
time was 6:131-5 and Green's 6:16. At
the Terrace Baihs Green has a record of
6:13.
During the afternoon there was a 50
-yard race, hit-h diving by big and little
Casino, burlesques and parachute jumps
by Cornell and Empey and water polo.
Next Wednesday the California Swim
mine Club will have a grand gala per
formance at the baths.
-■ .■■ ■;-,-- •:.- ■--....■" — T, ■■:/.'■.: v^ ■■■:.:-:■
- Borrow on sealskins, silks ana jewels at Uncle
llama. 16 Grant avenue.
REVIEWING THE
CONTROVERSY,
Synopsis of a Prelude De
livered by Rev. W. W.
Case Last Night
ACTIVITY MEANS LIFE.
The Speaker Gives His Idea of
What Religious Agita
tion Is.
SAY 3 IT MUST BE AGGRESSIVE.
He Discusses a Number of Articles
That Have Been Published in
the Chancellor's Paper.
Rev. Dr. Westwood Case at the evening
service In the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church last evening gave as a
prelude "Excuses — The Monitor and Its
Little Hatchet." He said that activity
means life, and that it is a mistaken no
tion that religious agitation is detrimental
to godliness. Quoting Professor McCaffy
of Dublin he said:
"The most interesting and striking ser
mons I have ever heard were of a contro
versial nature. They were ihe contro
versial discourres against Popery, whicii
were once usual in all the evangelical
churches of Dublin and which were Uiider
taKen by tbe ablest men. These sermons
had real life in them."
Mr. Case then said:
A religion that is not aggressive will soon
become defunct. Our Roman Catholic neigh
bors are ever on the warpath. Generally there
is a still hunt. But of late the priests have got
their mouths wide open and are breathing out
words, words, words. Words without mean
ing, words without sense, misleading words,
but, nevertheless, a running a iarrhea of words.
Then the tune changes to braggtidocio, and
tne> talk about a club in their hands with
which they have been able to "split an organi
zation up th« back." and buueomb supplies
the place of truth aDd argument. The fact is
they have been iaid out in every potition they
have undertaken to defend. Dr. Wendte used
them up so that there were only hair and toe
nails left. Dr. Dille wrapped the American
flag around ttie chancellor with so many folds
thHt he was smothered almost to death. He
will never soy "flag" again to that Galling
gun of Central Church. Mr. Ri t-s drove him to
the wall on the debate proposition and, as
many of you will remember, the speaker who
is now addressing yon made him eat his words
with which he accused us of misrepresenting
Father HecKer in our quotations from his
book and also in our quotations from "Gury's
Compendium."
My copy of Gury was sent to the editorial
sanctum of one or the great dailies of this City
for identification and was left there for the in
spection of auy one who might desire to exam
ine it. I here reiterate what I said in substance
before, and I say it with all the emphasis that
can possibly be put in;o words, auy man who
says I misquoted Gury utters a "falsehood,
nnmitigatfa fais- hood. I did not quote (rom
Mr. Yorke's copy of Gury, nor Archbishop Ire
land's copy of Gury, nor Pat Maloney's copy ot
(iury, but from my own copy, and I quoted
verbatim et literatim. This oueht to end the
controversy on that point forever.*
The speaker then dwelt at length on
what liad oeen shown in the matter of
Rev. J. H. Neison "who was arrested in
South America for printing in his paper
that '"to worship the Virgin Mary is
idolatry," and he then quoted from former
addresses, after which he said:
I have beenlrequently asked during the past
few weeks why I have not continued my lec
tures on polilicftl Romani-m. My reply has
been, ''So long as the priests will keep on talk
ing, Protestantism is being strengthened and
Romani-m ib losing its grin and 1 do not need
to keep up my lectures." Unwittingly the
open-mouthed priests are immensely strength
ening our cause. I; is secret Romanism that
is to be ieared. It is her bidden counsels tnat
threaten the life of the Nation.
I have been across the State In various
directions during toe summer and nothing
has surprised me more than the rapid growth
of Protestant sentiment and to find this growth
attributed almost as much to the shallow
sophistry of Rome's defenders as to the un
answerable ttrguments of the advocates of re
ligious and civil freedom.
The speaker then described the Monitor
as "a paper tit to be handled with tonga
only, and called attention to a publica
tion in tnat paper, in what purported to
be a letter from Arizona, of certain state
ments made concerning himself and other
Protestant clergymen. He then said:
The writer proves sylloglstically that the
Chancellor has proved nothing in all his
controversy . gainst us. •
In the chancellor's lecture in the Metro
politan Tempie last Monday night he says:
"No one now cares to fignt about trunsubutsa
tiation, auricular confession and other such
subjects." What doe* he mean by this? Does
he mean to say that the Catholic church has
abandoned thrse errors or is about. to abandon
them? Protestants are not ready, r>y tt:etr
6ilence or otherwise, to give any countenance
to the '-hocus pocus" of transubste -.itiativn.
It is outrageous ti> pretend to chance the
bread mid wine of the sacrament into the
literal, material body and btood oi Christ, and
yet this is the Romish doctrine of transub
stiin tiation. You do not have to take my word
for it.
The doctor then quoted from a book en
titled "The Sincere Christian Instructed,"
by the Right Rev. Bishop Hay, and con
tinued :
Tnere seems to be an effort on the part of the
editor of the Monitor to ideutiiy the American
Protective Associauon with Protestantism.
As well might we identify the tomperance
Betniment ot this country with the Prohibition
party and assume that it includes all the tem
pt ranee puople of the lana. r identify the
oder of Jesuits with the Catholic Church and
affirm that that order includes all Roman
Catholics, as to say that the American Pro
tective Association includes a .l Piotcstants. I
am not a member of that association, never
was a member, never entertained a thought
oi becoming a member, never expect to be
come a member, nor am 1 acquainted with a
half score of Methodist preachers whom I have
reason to believe are members. And yet lam
iree to »ay that the cardinal principles of the
order, so far aa I am acquainted with them, are
worthy of the highest commendation.
Not one in a hundred of the Protestants of
this country, so far as I am able to judge, are
members oi the American Protective Assoe.a
tion. They are, nevertheless, uncompromising
defenders of Protestant principles.
The Rev. Mr. Case then dwelt at iencth
upon the Chancellor's lecture on Papal
Infallibility, delivered at Metropolitan
Temple February 3, and took issue with
the Chancellor on the points he made in
that lecture. He then read the address of
the elegy and a laity of the diore c of
New York to His Holiness Pius IX, and
concluded by reading the resolutions that
were adopted at a meeting in the Academy
ol Music in New York on the occasion of
the celebration of Italian unity, and whicb
he said were an offset to the protests and
addresses of the Roman Catholics in this
country. _______________
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY.
The Pacific and Bohemian Clubs Wore
the Heroes of the Dajr,
Tbree minutes to play and one run to
make to heat tlie Aianiedas was the inter
esting state of affairs for the Pacific Cricket
Club ye&terdoy, and a carefully placed 3
by Savior Mutch settled the matter. It
was one of the closest games or tbe season
and was thoroughly enjoyed by the spec
tators.
Captain Hogue of the Alamedas won the
toss and went in. He set a good example
by scoring a careful 33, and was soon fol
lowed by Ward Jr., who put up 49 in ex
cellent form. Randall, too, played a use
ful innings, but the rest of the team were |
very easily disposed of, the total register- |
ing 115 at the close of the innings. ;.
; Myers, Richardson, V Harbour and "ex
tras" were mainly responsible for the Pa
cifies* 119 for 8 wicket?. They had to con
tend against tbe bowling of SJoinan and
Peel, both of whom were in good form,
and aeainst remarkably smart fielding.
; The result firmly establishes the Pacifies
in the second place in the cup contest.
The scores:
A LAMBDAS.
K. B. Hoguel. b. w. b. Pocock ...... '. 33
F. S. Price c. sub. b. Caslay... 0
; K. O. » oman b. Ca51dv... ..."............... 6
H. Ward Jr. c. Wiseman b. Casldy. 49
J. J. H. Peel c. sab. b Pocock o
E. T. Randall c. sub. b. Ca51dy. ........ 17
E. Iloon Osldy. 0
H. J. Cronin b. Hichardson ...:... 5
H. Ward Br. b Casldy. .-..;.. 0
H. WiK^insc. and b. Richardson 0
G. Hellman not 0ut........ .'.'... ; 1
Extras •. .....; 5
Total..' . '.. 115
pacific*.
O. B. Wlsab. Pee 1................................ 4
J. Meyers run out 33
f: Sewell b. Ward 5r.....V. a
i 11. ft:ch:ir.Hon c. Hood b. Pee 1........ ■ 34
I H. C. Pocock b. r«e1......V... : a
i O. "Wiseman clio^ue b. Feel .................. 0
I J. H. Harbour c. 1 rice D. SI Oman. ......V 10
G. Theubu dl. b. w. b. sioman ...7 5
K. A Mutch c. Cronin b. t-loman 10
H. C. C'asldy not 0ut... ...':.'.... l|
J. J. Theobald not out 1
Extras...... 13
T0ta1............. .119
The Bohemian and California match at
Golden Gate was the reverse of exciting,
the former side winning with hands down.
This was mainly due to the batting of the
veteran Robertson. Brooks bowled ad
mirably for the defeated side, who, it must
be said, played a plucky uphill game.
The scores : .
BOHEMIANS.
Bowhill c. Scanlan b. Uellatly..... 9
Robertson c. Raymond b. 8anner....:.......... 82
Altken c. Scanlan b. 8r00k5...... ............... 18
! Reeveti b. 8r00k5......... 17
McMenomy b. 8r00k5.......... 12
Cook son I. b. w. b. 8r00k5.. ................ ...;.'.- 4
i. t-heidler Dot 0ut....;.'.. .......; 2
G. Althauser c. Van Norrien b. Brooks. 0
8. s^heidlerc. Sr.iulan b. 8r00k5........ 0
K. Mayo b. Banner 0
J. Thomas b. Banner 0
■Extras..'.....*.. 9
Total 153
CALIfdRSIAS.
Brooks c. Reeves b. Robertson 12
(iell.ttly run out... 6
Holmes b. Rooertson 13
Van -N'orden c. and b. Cookson .......:.. ,v/ ; 5 ,
Raymond c. Althausea b. C00k50n...... 6
Dinan b. C00k50n. ...-. ;.. "" 1 I
Banner c- Bowhlil b. Robertson ;....'■- 2 !
Culvert c- Cookson b. Jl4,bertson.. .. ........ 5
C. Kcanlan c. Sheidler b. R0bert50n............. 0
A.'Sheldler b. Cootcson ......;. 10
B. J^heidler not out 18
Total. 67
GAY CELTS CELEBRATE,
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal
Benevolent Society's
Outing.
The Joyous Hibernians Entertain
Themselves and Guests at
Shell Mound.
Tha sixth annual celebration of the
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Benevo-
lent Society was held at Shell Mound
Park yesterday afternoon and evening,
the reputation of the members as first
class purveyors of wholesome amusement
being much more than sustained.
The piquant H.bernian element was
conspicuous 'aroughout, and representa
tives of numerous other nationalities were
on the ground in force, a circumstance
which goes to prove that the society en
joys a well-de3erved popularity among
outsiders. A more orderly crowd withal
could scarrely be desired.
The several committees of management
had not been idle, and the entire day's
programme, thanjts to theio* conscientious
arrangement of preliminaries, passed off
wit hout a serious hitch of any kind.
The day's proceedings evolved many in
cidents." When Mrs. Mary Karney won the
second prize in the race for married
women Mrs. O'Snllivan, who was ap
parently third, waxed wroth and assured
the judges that she, although 60 years of
a?p, cou d beat her opponent "any day."
Whereu,>on some considerate onlookers
suggested a n atcli race, which, however,
did not materialize. The race for mar
riageable young ladies brought forth a per
fect galaxy of beauty and when tbe whistle
blew the appreciative spectators were
treated to a bewildering display of flying
"Trilbies." The fat la lies race was also
an exhilarating exhibition of hard -print
ing, though the avoirdupois of several
competitors was undoubtedly without the
mean me of the adjective — so much so, in
fact, that one lady was finally di-qualifisd.
"You don't call yourself fat?" queried the
starter. "Certainly I do," replied the
lady, but it wouldn't go.
But the greatest feature of the day was
the jig ami reel dancing for both sexes,
in which Miss May Kavansmgh and J. J.
O'Connor were given ri'rst place alter an
exciting contest, Piper McCarthy dis
pla>ed ureat skill. Both pipe and fiddle
playeii harmoniously together.
The distribution of gate prizes later in
the day save great satisfaction. The fine
gold wutch, valued at $60, was drawn by
No. 3852.
.Music of a distinctively national and
patriotic characirr was ably presmted at
intervals by the Home Rule Union Band.
Following is a complete list of prize-win
ners, to.-ettier with the nnrne* of tbe
gentlem n constituting the different com
mittees of management:
Race for bovg under 10— First, T. Coburn;
second, Jobiv Murphy.
For b.>ys un'.er 14— First, F. McKcrnean ; sec
ond, John Pulton.
For girls under 10— First, Alice O'Neill; sec
ond, Ellen Sheeny.
For girls under 14— First, Alice O'Mara; sec-
Oid, Lizzie Sullivan.
For pro osionals— First, D. Burke; second,
Michael Kelly.
For young men— First, Alired Hanley; sec
ond, Frank" Jlulliean.
For marriageable young ladies— First, Nellie
Malloy; second, Minnie Murphy.
For married men — First, William Ryan; sec
ond, J. J. Brooks.
For married ladies— First, Mrs. Kale Gosland;
second, Mrs. Mary Ka ney.
For fat men— First, William Fallon; second,
J. i'almar.
For fat women— First, Mrs. Lizzie Dougherty;
second, Mrs. Minnie Rail.
Thiee-leeged nice ior boys— First, Joe Sulli
van and J. O'Leary; second,^ James Sullivan
and Leonard Bailey.
Special young iadies' race— Alice O'Mara
first. Lizzie Thomiis second.
Special yonn^ men's race— Charles Sheble
first, W. Sheble second.
Hop, step and jump— Frank Kelly, distance
about 19 yards.
Running high jump— Charles Smith, 5 feet
7 inches, rirst; Charles Sueble, 5 feet 5 inches,
second.
Committee of arrangements— Messrs. S.
Qui:in. P. O'Brien, J. Doueheny, J. Deveney,
J. F. McLaughiin, J. Semple, P. Quinn.
Games- J. Kelly, C. Semple, v. Carrick, B.
Gorman, J. Deveney, P. O'Brien.
Floor— C. Carrick, J. Semple, B. Gorman.
Gate prizes— J. Deveney, C. Carrick, S. Quinn
P. O'Brien.
Gate— H. Deveney, J. Kelly, J. McGnlre, S.
Quinn, P. Tinney, P. Quinn.
Prize dancing— James Kelly, P. Wynne. G.
W. Healy, P. Tinney, E. Moss.
REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Eastern Congressman to Talk In
the Auditorium To-Morrow
Night.
To-morrow evening there will be a grand
Republican rally in the Auditorium, cor
ner of Eddy and Jones streets, where
those who attend will have a treat from
prominent Eastern speakers. One of these,
an eloquent and forcible talker, is the
Hon. 8. W. McOall, who is now for the
third successive term representing the
Eighth Congressional District of Massa
chusetts.
He is tbe author of the phrase used by
Bryan, "Pressing tbe crown of thorns on
the brow of labor." Another is the Hon.
L. D. Apsley, vice-chairman of the
National Republican Congressional Com
mittee, and w!»<> represents the Fourth
Congressional District of Massachusetts.
The utterances of these gentlemen, who,
after that meoting, will return to their
own State, will be a treat, as they are
thoroughly conversant with the political
situation at this time.
Only ten per cent of dowers give out a
perfume.
. : NEW TO-DAT.
The Power
OfJManhood.
It is good to feel strong— to know that
you are as vieorous as your fellow man.
Then you have nothing to r^cret in your
past life— nothing that has left you weak
i in body and mind.
You can be strong. You can make your
i nerves wiry and powerful by charging
them with electricity from Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
There are thousands of happy men who
proclaim to the world the great benefits
i derived from this wonderful Belt. It
cured them after other remedies had failed
to do so.
, The following are extracts from letters
recently received:
"I am a laboring man and for many years
i was a sufferer froJh (seminal weakness, which
i so debilitated me at times before I bought
| your Belt that on many occasions I had to
! give up my work. I wore the Belt continu-
ously at night for three months, and at the
; end of that time I was well and strong. I
j cannot say too much, in praise of your Belt
• and do not intend to part with mine" the rest
!of my life."— P. H. Gale, Indio. Cnl. .
"I would liKe to add my testimony to the
numerous others in possession of Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt Co. I bought a strong-rower
Belt from Dr. Sanden about the Ist of April,
which I used according to directions, and
after three months I am happy to stitet.iat
ray .varicocele, wnich was of twelve years'
standing, is almost entirely disappeared. I
take great pleasure in recommencing the Belt
;to any one suffering from varicoeele."— W. E.
Johns, 1139 Market St., San Francisco.
"I bought your Belt inree weeks ago for kid-
ney and bladder trouble. I had previous to
that time been laid up in bed for live weeks.
My trouble came: on me last 'March, and; on
many occasions I was so bad that I wan con-
fined to my ' bed. The third time that I put
your Belt oh I found relief and liave kept Im-
proving ever siuce. I will take great pleasure
in recommending your Belt."— VV. T. Myers,
135 Kast Twemy-iourth st., Los Angeles, Cal.
Every day Dr. Sanden : receives letter!
like these. The evidence is so power.'ul,
the letters so grateful and the good done
by this Ben so general that it must bt
considered a great remedy.
DO YOU FEEL WEAK? Do you lack
energy and vigor? Is your power waning!
If so read Dr. Sanden's oook, "Three
Classes of Men." It can be had free,
sealed, on request. Address or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
(130 Market Street, San Francises,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Ullica nours; a *. m. „,»
8:30 r. v.; buiidays, 10 to 1.
Conaultacion Fiee and Invited.
OFFICES AT: •
LOS ANGELES, UAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
VSO4 Konttt Broadway. I 253 \V'aaUlu«toa_atre*.
signature Is printed in : # Jj
BLUE diagonally . *fs*
across tho ' f\ kj*
OUTSIDE J J V/^T^v
wrapper/ MqJ IJ^/r
]/J / of ever
I T / bottle of
! I \ jj-- fU '/; (the Original
n/» ■A' /. and Genuine)
l\HSi/ (jVorceaterahlro
Am « farther protection against
all imitations,
r A?ents or the United State*.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. - N. Y.
DOCTOR COOK
f*?2^^. The greatest ' of mod-
[i(Um'^^^\ em specialists, corrects
mi/f ~a»-d&. the errors of youth and
m&4 J&PVV .removes their evil ef-
SLY'/, _Ba. ects from ; men of all
I i \ )?/'^j ages; frees them for-
:-^Nv wJjivX ever from the miseries
*mmss3s %K of Lost or I?ailinB Man -
»«y>- . f-< -/ u^ hood, Impotenry, Vial
Drains, Nijrht v Emissions, Sleeplessness,
j Nervousness. Pimples, Bashfalness. De-
spondency, StuDidity. ; Loss of . Ambition
and similar symptoms. .'. He also, cures
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis,
Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other signs
of physical, mental and sexual debility or
decay. Careful attention given to every
form of female complaint,; and to ail-
ments of the Heart, Lungs, Liver, . Stom-
ach, Kidneys, Bla ider and Urinary or-
gans of both sexes. Piles, Fistula, Rup-
tare and Chronic Catarrh a specialty.. The '■
worst cases solicited and positive cures
guaranteed. "Write if you cannot call, as
: the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is always satisfactory. •: Office hours,
9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7to 8 p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address .
nfPTnn nniv 865 market street,
UUj 1 Un bUJrV; opt-. Powell, S.F.,, CaI.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 7 M 8001
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET II
: open UNTIL. MIDM'.HC
'"■. ■/:*v : a'..-.''. ••<■'■?•-••>;:.-..- ■-- : ' <•:■.-■:■ ...:™- .
Purely vegetable, mild and ■ reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion - and absorption of | the | food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowelj
natural la taeir operas on without griping
56
MONDAY. AUGUST 31. 1898
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free 1
Dally and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx* six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail* .66
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.,..., 1-60
Wucxx.y Call, one year, by mail.... 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Arc om going to the country on a vacation ? If
<• It is n« trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mlv It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE j
710 Market Street,
tan Francisco, California. .
Telephone ..:......... Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lB74
BRANCH OFFICES
SSO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 e 'clock.
839 Hayes street: open untn 9:80 o'clock.
718 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock,
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntil 8 o'clock.
MIS Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock,
lift KifiUi street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBx
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE «
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM HcKINLET, of Ohio
FOB VICF-PRKBIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
IXKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
We have a great Nation and we must
keep it great.
No one is buying silver in the market.
No one is betting on Bryan.
Tbe Democrats may fool some of the
Populists but not all of the Populists this
time.
The country must have a revenue equal
to its expenditures aud none but boy ora
tors deny it.
Watson might take a noble revenge on
Bewail by going to Maine and stumping
the State for him.
Now that good citizens have ceased to
feel anxious about the result they can en
joy the music of the campaign.
Remove Democratic legislation from the
statute books and Democratic conditions
will be removed from the country.
Efforts to arouse class antagonisms be
tween labor aud capital may be politics of
a kind, but it is a very poor kind.
It will be noted that the men who are
leaving the Democratic party are the men
fybo have been always considered the best
J)emocrats.
There is no one to whom protection is of
more importance than the farmer. A
prosperous home market means good
prices for him.
Up to date Bryan in the East and Sena
tor White in the We3t are having the
Democratic stump all to themselves and
perhaps they enjoy it.
"Vote for Bryan and get $2forsl" would
be more promising if it were not said by
the men who shouted "Vote for Cleveland
end get $1 25 for wheat."
The campaign is now open wide enough
for everybody to get in 80 there is no
longer an excuse for not joining a .Repub
lican club and keeping up with the pro
cession.
If the farmers will support home facto
ries the factories will furnish a home mar
ket for farm products, money will circu
late from town to country, trade will be
lively and all will be prosperous.
While the Popocrat demagogues are
shouting "Down with the rich," the Re
publican party advances with the cry "Up
with the poor" and proposes the enact
ment of measures that will provide work
for the workers and prosperity for all.
"I would willingly defend free trade
with my life," said Mr. Bryan in his first
speech in Congress, and as he is now de
fending free silver with his tongue only
it is easy to see to which policy he is most
devoted. s
If the Wilson free-trade law had not
taken work from Americans and given it
to foreigners there would have been a bet
ter home market for home produce, less
would have been sent abroad and as a
consequence there would have been better
prices ail round.
Work for wage-earners puts money into
circulation and revives trade, work for
wage-earners mases a good market and
raises prices of home products, work for
wage-earners keeps the home in comfort,
work for waße-earners makes the land
prosperous, but there is no work for wage
earners in this country when free-traders
rule.
While Cleveland has been in office oar
Government has been adverse to interna
tional bimetallism, but when McKinley is
President the whole influence of tbe
United States will be exerted to bring
about the free coinage of silver both in
Europe and in America and good results
are sure to be obtained in much less time
than many people expect.
The Indiana Farmers' Association.which
has about 50,000 members, hitherto classi
fied as 27,000 Republicans, 21,000 Demo
crats, 1000 Populist and 1000 Prohibition
ists, has been recently canvassed by the
president of the organization with the re
sult that Qver 42,000 of them declare they
will vote for McKinley and sound money.
The silver sentiment said to exist among
them disappeared on investigation.
Every producer knows that the prod
ucts of bis industry need protection from
foreign competition, every business man
knows that trade is best under the pro
tective system, every artisan knows it
takes protection to advance work aud
wages in this country; and, therefore, to
every producer, to every man of business
and every workingman the tariff is ne
cessarily the issue of greatest importance
to bis interest, his industry and his pros
perity.
THE NEED OF PROTECTION.
We renew and emphasize our allegiance
to the policy of protection as the bulwark of
American industrial independence and the
foundation of American development and
prosperity. We denounce the present Demo
cratic tariff as sectional, injurious to the pub
lic credit and destructive to business enterprise.
We demand such, equitable tariff on foreign
imports which come into competition with
American products as will not only furnish
adequate revenue for the necessary expenses
of the Government, but will protect American
labor from degradation to the wage level of
other lauds.
The money question is an important is
sue in this campaign, but the facts show,
as Major McKinley says, that what is
most to be desired now is to have our in
dustries opened to labor, not only for
labor's sake, but to protect the country
from bankruptcy. The Government must
have revenue to pay expenses, and wage
earners must have work, but the Govern
ment cannot have revenue nor can the
wage-earner have work so long as the
Wilson-Gorman tariff act is in operation.
Durins» the first twenty-two months of
the McKiuley law our foreign trade bal
ance was in our favor by $245,000, 090, and
only $150,000,000 under the Wilson-Gorman
act for the same number of months. That
is to say, we lost 595,000,000 by substituting
protection for free trade in twenty-two
months.
The total receipts of the United States
treasury in the same months was $660,
-000,000 under the McKinley act and $558
-000,000 under the Wilson-Gorman act dur
ing the same number of months.
The total treasury deficiency from July
1, 1893, to July, 1896, was $148,000,000. Thus
we have a treasury loss of $148,000,000 and
a foreign trade loss of $95,000,000, making
a grand total of $243, 000,000. During this
period foreign syndicates took from us
$95 000,000 of gold.
For the fiscal year 6nding in 1893 our
customs amounted to $203,000,000, for the
year ending 1596 they amounted to $159,
-000,000. The yearly average decrease of
revenues under the Wilson-Gorman act,
as compared with tbe McKinley act, have
been $35,000,000. Had the McKinley act
been in operation daring 1895 and 1896 the
customs revenue would have averaged
$192,000,000 a year as against $155,000,000
under the Wilson-Gorman act.
As will be seen these figures represent
the Government loss only. The direct loss
to tne people in dollars has been very
much greater, to say nothing about tbe
misery and distress of tbe hundreds of
thousands of bread-winners who have
lived all these years in enforced idleness.
No man can outdo me in opposition to
monopolies; but the manufacturers of this
country should not be thus characterized.
They have no princely fortunes; in general
tliey have no independent means. Their all is
in the brick and mortar of their establish
ments, in the machinery, in the organization,
in their trade. And how many of them to
day would be willing to sell out for first cost,
and below first cost, if they could do it! He
who would break down the manufactures of
this country strikes a fatal bow to labor. It
is labor I would protect. — McKinLey.
SENATOR WHITE TALKS.
Senator Stephen M. White addressed a
San Francisco audience of fellow-Demo
crats Saturday night Either Senator
White did not know what he was talking
about or he deliberately played upon the
supposed ignorance and stupidity of his
hearers. He said: "The Bland act made
silver a legal tender, and thus far it was
all that could be asked, but it limited tbe
functions and power of silver to the ex
tent of its coinage."
If there is now or ever was a "Bland
act" the peopleof the United State 3 would
be obliged to Senator White if he will in
form them when and where it was enacted.
The records of the proceedings of no Con
gress make mention of any such act. In
1877 Congressman Bland introduced a Iree
silver coinage bill in Congress, but it never
became an "act." His bill was revamped,
however, and when it reappeared before
Congress it bore little if any resemblance
to the original bill. It was then called the
"Allison- Bland" bill, and it subsequently
became "an act of Congress."
No doubt it was the Allison-Bland act
Senator White referred to, but whether so
or not, it is very evident that he got him
self very much mixed ud. He said the
act "limited the functions and power of
silver because it restricted the extent of
its coinage." Since when did silver have
"functions and power" (of money) in any
form other than as coin ? The meaning of
the Senator's assertion is that because tbe
coinage of silver bullion into silver dollars
was restricted, silver bullion was deprived
of the functions and power of silver dol
lars. That ia what silver-mine owners
complain of.
The idea of tbe Senator appears to be
that it is the duty of the Government to
confer the function and power of money
upon silver bullion, and in order to do
that the price of silver should be advanced
by law to where silver bullion weighing
371Ji grains would have the same "func
tion and power" as that number of grains
in the form of a coin. In other words,
Senator White is very anxious about silver
bullion, and wants free coinage of silver
so that bullion will have the function and
power of coins. The Senator out-Bryans
Bryan.
But Senator White was good enough to
admit that there is no certainty at all that
the Democratic party's free silver coinage
scheme would work. He said: "Never
can there be a fair test between gold and
silver until both are given the same
chance before the law." This is an ad
mission that the Democratic party is play
ing a game of chance with the monetary
system of the country, and that no one
can foretell what the outcome will be. Ex-
Governor Boies is quite in accord with
Senator White. He says free coinage
would be an experiment, but he wants to
begin and keep on tinkering with the
country's circulating medium until the
"right spot is touched."
Senator White should be sufficiently
weli acquainted with the people to know
that they are not Interested in conferring
the function and power of money upon
silver or cold bullion for the sake of the
bullion, nor are they in any mood for ex
perimental work upon or tinkering with
the country's monetary system. But
thanks are due the Senator for emphasiz
ing the fact that Democrats tio not know
enough about economics to be trusted
with the affairs of the Government.
The people are settled in one purpose this
year — they will not tolerate the surrender of
any mere of their business and will as quickly
as possible recover what they have already
lost. Tliey know hoio they lost it and they
know when they lost it, and they know how to
get it back, and they mea n to do it.— Me-
Kinley. ______^^___^
WAGE-EARNERS KNOW.
Hon. M. til. Estee made a rattling good
speech and suomitted unanswerable argu
ments to a large gathering of .Republicans
Saturday night. The reason why there
vere not more people in the Auditorium
was because there was not evea standing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, ACGUST 31, 1896.
room for more. As was to be expected,
the audience was composed of business
men and wat;e-earnera, and their enthusi
asm cave plenty of evidence that they are
taking an earnest and active part in the
campaign — a campaign for the overthrow
of a policy of governmental management
that has well nigh closed the avenues of
trade and industry.
Mr. Estee's speech was a clear and com
prehensive analysis of the economic con
ditions of the country at this time, and
with great clearness he pointed out the
remedy. The sentiment expressed in the
following wa3 the central idea:
If we had good times generally and sent no
money abroad, then gold and silver would
both circulate at home. But such is not the
case and cannot be the case until we have pro
tection. Tnen the laborers will have more 10
do, and the Increased demand for workers will
increase the price of work. Tne means to pay
the workers comes from the results of their
toil and not from tha amc-sat of silver in cir
culation. Labor produces things first and
money afterward, and the p#ice these things
sell for is regulated by the demand. Protect
our home market and there will be a good de
mand and a good price. The things so pro
dutea are the wealth of ihe country, and when
the things are sold, money, as a symbol of
wealth, is paid and received for them, and to
secure the producer a good price money should
be both good and abundant.
No doubt labor understands the im
portance of opportunity to earn mon<;y
better than any other class of our people.
No wage-earner is bothering himself about
the country's financial system. He wants
plenty of work at good wages. He knows
that only good sound, full and complete
dollars have been in use in the country
since the Republican party came in power
in 1861, and he knows there is no danger
of any form of our money being degraded
under Republican rule. He knows that
when the industries resume again and the
channels of commerce are cleared of ob
struction a larger volume of money will
be required and that naturally any in
crease in the circulating money medium
would be from a larger use of silver.
Meanwhile, however, he wants to do only
that which will create a demand for his
brain and brawn. Not a demand for a
day's work now and then, but a demand
for every day that shall be fully equal to
the supply.
The workingman knows that he must
produce things to exchange for money be
fore he cau expect to have money, and
hence his anxiety to see mill, factory
and shop swing their doors wide open
and invite labor to accept permanent em
ployment. And hence, too, his enthu
siasm for the cause that is sure to secure to
him that which he most desires — plenty of
wort at good wages — which he knows will
not be secured to him until the Republi
can party is returned to power. Peace and
plenty and not a war of classes are what
the American wage-earner wants, and he is
greatly mistaken who thinks tbe labor of
this country is not a keen observer of pass
ing events xn the political world. Iv fact
it may be said that wonting people are
better posted on economics than ever De
fore, and one only need to see how they
are flocking to McKinley's banner to be
convinced that they know where to look
for a deliverer from the mire and mud of
Democratic free trade.
The prosperity and wealth of every nation
must depend upon its productive industry.
The farmer is stimulated to exertion by find
ing a ready market for his surplus products
and by being able to exchange them without
loss of time or expense of transportation for
the manufacture* which his comfort or con
venience requires. This is always done to the
best advantage where a portion of the com
munity in which he lives is engaged in other
pursuits. — President Filimore.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Cottage Grove, Or., has a new weekly news
paper, the Moderator, of which H. W, Ross is
editor and proprietor. Tbe publication makes
a very creditable appearance. Political ques
tions are discussed strictly from a non-partisan
and economic point of view.
H. H. Walling has retired from the Placer
ville Nugget and R, V. Robertson will hence
forth be sole proprietor. The paper is only six
months old, but has prospered beyond the ex
pectations of its founders. The Nugget believes
that "at all times the Republican party does
thatwbich is right and wise," and, therefore,
it will strive hard lor what it deems for the
best interests of the party of Lincoln, Grant
and Garfield.
The Marysville Graphic is a little four-page
paper which has just made its initial appear
ance in Yuba County's capital. J. M. Morrisey
is the publisher, and the Graphic will preach
Democracy weekly during the campaign.
The first number of the Riverside Daily News
is at band. It is an independent paper, favor
ing free silver and advocating the Republican
principle 01 protection. L. W. Allum <fc Son are
the proprietors.
The Orphan's Cry, a publication issued on
the first day of every alternate month at San
Jose, has been received for August. It is de
voted to tbe interests of child-saving and child-
reform, is non-sectarian and interdenomina
tional and deserves support on account of its
most worthy object.
Eureka may possibly find itself the possessor
of a new daily paper before the Coming of an
other moon. The Western Watchman of that
city is contemplating such a movement in the
interest of free silver. What is now needed is
the wherewith to start the proposed daily.
The Watchman already has an option on a tele
graph service.
Fresno is to have a cream-of-tartar factory.
Tbe Republican of that city says with refer
ence to the projected new industry: "V. Cour
tois & Co., of San Francisco, have made
arrangements to establish a cream-of-tartar
factory in this city and will begin operations
in September. The old Dexter stables at the
corner of Inyo and I streets have been rented
by the company and will be refitted for the
factory. The company will invest $10,000 and
will engage in the manuiacture of the product
on a large scale.
"The waste of the wineries will be used in
the manufacture and it is understood that the
company has already contracted with the
Eisen and Granz wineries. The wastes used
will be the pressed grapes, the lees and the
argol or crude tartar of the wine vats. Here
tofore these residues have been thrown away
in Fresno wineries, but the new establishment
will make use of them. The field is an ex
cellent one, which was evidently realized by
the San Francisco capitalists."
The San Bernardino Free Press has come out
in a complete and elegant new dress. Its en
terprising publisher, H. C. Warner, is meeting
with that success which always waits on push,
pluck and talent.
Tulare City's fruit cannery is running with a
heavy force and will be in operation till the
end of September. The Tulare Times says, in
regard to it:
"Much of the finest brands of canned
peaches will be made here from the Phillips
cling and White Heath. Somewhat higher
wages will be paid the cutters and canners
while this fruit is being packed, for tbe great
est care in handling will be exacted. A new
machine, called the gravity can-labeler, was
tried at tbe cannery two or three days ago.
The inventor, Mr. Simmons, was present to
watcn its workings and keep it regulated. He
claims that it will label 2000 cases in one day of
ten hours with the help of seven persons.
This means 48,000 cans. With the aid of six
men besides himself Mr. Simmons put the
labels on 3240 cans in one hour the other day.
Mr. Bentley says the great objection to all
these labeling machines U that they will waste
labels, and handsoniley lithographed labels
cost too much to allow waste."
With reference to the deterring influence on
oil discovery and development in this State of
the cxpltiitatioaa of adventurers Viiio had no
practical knowledge of oil regions, the Fresno
Expositor mates these sensible remarks:
"The discovery of oil at Livermore adds one
more important find to the many which have
rewarded the efforts of California petroleum
seekers during the last few years. Oil is now
produced in paying quantities at Los Angeles,
Coalinga, Summerfield, Santa Paula and pos
sibly at two or three other points, though it is
by no means certain that the greater reser
voirs whijh undoubtedly exist have yet been
tapped. The number of points where good in
dications appear are many, but in tbe past
and, to some extent, in the present, circum
stances which might easily be changed nave
retarded their development.
"What we refer to is the fraudulent boring
that has been going oh for years, and which,
through the disappointments il has caused,
Has put a stop to oil prospecting in many
promising localities. The Livermore discovery
was deferred for a decade because of a well
borer who was after the money ot his backers
and not after oil. He sank a pipe to a depth cf
200 feet, struck nothing of value, and received
$4000 for his pains. With the failure of the
weil popular belief in tbe presence of petro
leum under their feet died out among the
people of Livermore, who did not know that
an honest experiment had not been made.
But for a resident who had a notion or two
of geology they would yet be doubting Thom
ases. This man went to work to find oii and
got it at a deptli of nine feet. Now Livermore
is reported to be in 'a flutter of excitement 1
"Confidence men have found no more profit
able trade for years than 10 start out with a
boring apparatus, convince some farmer or
community thut they had found signs of pe
troleum or gas, and then, if contracted with,
proceed to sink a well in any handy place.
Knowing nothing of geological formations,
tnese swindlers usually hit a spot where a
discovery of anything except bowlders or pet
rified shells would bo impossible, but that
mattered nothing to them. They were boring
for the contract price. A mile away there
may have been oil fields, or there may have
been none in the county, but the record of the
boring failure becoming Known had its de
terrent effect upon oil prospecting all over
the State.
"If this danger of fraud could be avoided
we believe a general scientific exploration of
oil would follow, and that great good would
come of It. The case is one that might well
enlist a syndicate of responsible capitalists,
who for a share in any raying well discov
ered would stand ready to investigate.through
a geologist and an honest boring party, any
promising oil land in California. In this way
there would be systematic and thorough work
done and no fraud attempted, while in the
long run the oil resources of the State would
come to be properly understood and their
commercial value utilized."
K. G. Harvey TVray, an all-round journalist
and short-story writer from Australia, has se
curea an interest in the Santa Clara Magazine,
and will at once assume the business manage
ment of that publication.
The surprising growth of Tuolumne County,
as revealed by the registration of 1896, is
shown forth in the Sonora Union- Democrat.
The productiveness of its mines has made it
one of the most prosperous counties in the
State. An increase of 3400 in population in
loss than two years and during a period when
depression has been more or less universal is
something Tuolmnne County may well boast
over. Here is what the Union- Democrat has to
say on the subject:
'■In proportion to population or in equal
ratio no county in this State, so far as heard
from, can equal, much less eclipse, Tuolumne
in the increase of population or in the pros
perity that it has been the pood fortune of its
residents to enjoy since 1894. Out of a total
number of twenty-seven voting precincts
twenty-two show a substantial increase over
the vote of 1894. One remains the same and
four show an aggregate loss of forty-one votes,
as figured at the ratio of votes to population,
which is one to five. The four precincts of
Algarine, Browns Flat, Shaws Flat and Santa
Mtiria reveal a loss in population of 205, while
the twenty-two precincts that show an increase
show a voting gain of 774 and a gain in popu
lation of 3870, leaving a net gnin in votes for
the whole county of 682 and a net gain in pop
ulation of 3410.
'•Tiiose fleures, it must be understood, are
considerably under the mark, for the reason
that no especial eifbrt was made to bring out n.
full registration this year, ocensioned by the
absence of a local ticket iv the field. In addi
tion to the loss of registered voters such apa
thetic conditions necessarily create, there is a
large percentage of the miners employed in
the county who are not. citizens and could not
therefore be placed on the register. It is safe
to estimate the number as high as 20 per cent,
which seems to ebow the conservatism of the
estimated increase of population. It, of course,
goes without saying that no such increase
could be possible unless there was presented
an inviting field for the business man and the
miner to profitably employ themselves in the
forthcoming banner county of the State
which Tuolumne is destined to be."
DANIEL WEBSTER ON RECIPROCITY
Speech In Congress Anrll 2, 1824.
Commerce is not a gambling among nations
for a stake, to be won by some and lost by
others. It has not the tendency necessarily to
impoverish one of the parties to it, while it
enriches the other; all parties gain, all parties
make profits, all parties grow rich by the ope
ration of just and liberal commerce. If the
world had but one clime and but one soil, if all
men had the same wants and the same means,
on the spot of their existence, to gratify their
wants, then, indeed, what one obtained from
the other by exchange would injure one party
in the same degree that it benefited the other ;
then, indeed, there would be some foundation
for the balance of trade. But Providence has
disposed our lot much more kindly. We in
habit a various earth. We have reciprocal
wants and reciprocal means of gratifying one
another's wants. This is the true origin of
commerce, which is nothing more than an ex
change of equivalents, and, from the rude bar
ter of its primitive state to the refined and
complex condition in which we see it, its prin
ciple is uniformly the same, its only object
being in ever stage to produce that exchange
of commodities between individuals and be
tween nations which Bhall conduce to the ad
vantage and happiness of both.
BRYAN'S LACK OF SINCERITY.
Chicago Inter Ocean.
Mr. Bryan is in no small danger of forfeiting
public respect by a kind of intellectual jug
glery when he makes a speech. He should
know that above all things tho American peo
ple demana in their President a man of sin-
eerily, one who is not ' afraid of the shadow
cast by his political opinion. ; Even Buchanan
and Cleveland never forfeited public confi
dence in their sincerity. Mr. Bryan has hardly
made a speech that he did not practice a kind
of jugglery. He will; have to stop that or the
gourd which sprang up so \ suddenly in : the
Chicago convention will wither and ; die ; be
fore even the frost of November nips it. >
The latest instance in point was j Saturday at
Madalin. That is a little ; village in Dutchess
County, - New York, on I the east side of ; the
Hudson River, a region long a stronghold of
Democracy, owing largely to the influence of
Martin Van Bureu. Mr. j Bryan ; delivered . a
forty-minute speech in the village ; square to
an audience presumably drawn from "among
the farmers round." He began by alluding to
the Chicago platform, and then quoted in full
one plank, making that his text. The natural
inference would be that the quoted plank pre
sents the main issue between the ; parties, cer
tainly one of the issues. Here is the citation
made: -:v:*:---;v...-.-~^ i :< ; ' ■ -■
' . We are opposed to the Issuing of interest-bearing
bonds of the United States in time of ■ pace, and
condemn that trafficking with banking syndicates
which, in : exchange for .bonds : tnd at. enormous
profit to themselves,' supply the I Federal , treasury
with * gold . to maintain the policy of gold mono- 1
metallism. r '<'■'■ ■'■ :
4 The Republican party has never Issued , c
single Government bond in time of peace ex
cept only to replace bonds bearing - a higher
rate of interest with one bearing a lower rate,
and the banking [ syndicate S referred \ to ! was
formed under and dealt with ■ by a Democratic
administration. ::; Some » months ■ ago s Congress
compelled the ! administration to abandon its
bank : syndicate \ policy and throw the new
bonds ':; upon .: the general market, -; thereby
savine millions of dollars; -but that was done
under : the • lead of a : Republican and not i a
Democrat or a Populist. «; .
■ Mr. Bryan may or may not have gulled that
Immediate audience. . It does not matter much
whether he did oorr r not. ? The people at large
are not to be (poled by such chaff. They know
perfectly.well that it is a tricky evasion of the
real issue of this campaign and they will not
trust a man in tne Presidential office; with its
vast powers, whose sincerity th.ey difitiUiU :*;'
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Dr. Augustus Marques.a noted theosophlst of
Italian nativity, but who has for some years
been living in Hawaii, has arrived here and is
at the Grand. Tlie doctor is a very interesting
conversationist, and on the subject of the
osophy is unusually interesting.
He is credited with a number of very im
portant discoveries in theosophy. lor in
stance, he holds that all human beings are sur
rounded with human emanations called
human aura. These emanations are egg
shaped and (tive forth a great variety of most
brilliant colors.
"Many persons can see these with the naked
eye," said the doctor yesterday. "It is well
known that railway engineers and ship pilots
can see| an astounding distance. Others have
Dr. Augustus Marques, the Noted Theosophist, Now Here, Whose Eyes Are
So Good That He Can See the Mysterious Human Aura.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
been able to fcee so well that they have been
credited with microscopic eyes. My own eyes
are so good that I can see over many persons a
halo, being part of the human aura.
"With the revelations of the Roentgen ray
and other discoveries which are constantly
being made the horizon of scientific study is
daily growing and the human mind is en
abled to penetrate into mysterious regions—
the domain of the great Uuknown— which
were undreamed of only a few years ago. But it
is a rathe remarkable fact that the new line of
study, called theosophy, is constantly fore
stalling scientific discoveries, so that science
seems to come in only of 1 ate as a corrobora
tlon of theosophicai tenets.
"Occultism has for centuries stated that
everything in nature, from the mineral np to
man, is surrounded by a sort of special ema
nation or fluidic cloud called aura, whicn con
stitutes a kind of limited atmosphere around
every being:, in the same way as every star and
planet is surrounded by its own special atmos
phere.
••But just as the Roentgen ray is invisible
to ordinary vision, though it is powerfully ac
tive, so the human aura is also invisible to or
dinary sight, yet persons gifted with abnormal
powers, called psychics or clairvoyants, readily
discern it with more or less deftness and are
able to describe the interesting minuteness of
its division and its brilliant colors.
"This aura was described by Paracelsus 300
years ago and was studied some fifty years
back by the celebrated Baron Relchenbach.
Materialistic, scientists, however, who are not
very well developed in clairvoyant vision,
stubbornly refused to admit its existence until
at last it was corroborated by photography."
Two French scientists, Dr. Baradue and Dr. (
Lebon, have just published books and photo
graphs on the human aura which fully con
firm the teachings of occultism in the matter
and their discoveries are eoing to open a new
field for the scientific study of the aura. In
the meanwhile, this subject Had for years been
studied by members of the Theosophicai So
ciety, producing some interesting articles pub
lished in the theosophicai literature. But in
dependently of all this, however, Dr. Marques
has made a very special and thorough study of
tbe subject and he has had the good fortune of
obtaining the help of some very scientific
seers, gifted with clairvoyant sight in their
normal state, without trance or hypnotic in
fluence.
Thus, the result of his observations covers
some new discoveries and interesting facts
never before elucidated, so that his lecture
will prove of considerable scientific interest.
One of these facts is the action of the human
aura in connection with the disease germs
that float in the atmosphere, and with the pos
sibilities of contagion without direct, bodily
contact, certain ailments being transmittable
through the aura, which extends to nearly
two feet around the physical body.
Dr. Marques lectured last night in the Native
Sons' building. Mason street. Dr. Marques is
president ot the Aloha lodge of Theoeopnists
at Honolulu.
ROSE AND JAPONICA.
A rose looked over tbe gurden wall:
Mr. Japonioa, that was all !
Bu t she lovfd him we II, and she loved him true,
As Is the fashion of roses to do.
She stood all day la the heat of the sun,
And looked over tbe wall when the day was done.
She was fair, and awee , and stately, and tall;
He was Japonica — that was all !
And some perfumed night when the sweet dews
fall.
They shall meet forever beyond the wall.
—Westminster Gazette.
PERSONAL
P. C. Musgrove of London is at the Palace.
F. A. Kruse, a business man of Healdsburg,
is in town.
H. Sylvester, a mining man of Grass Valley,
is in the City.
W. Garrard, a mining man of Angels Camp,
is at the Grand.
L. H. Strickland of Bakersfield is among the
arrivals at the Russ.
E. A. Warren, one of the businessmen of
Chico, is at the Lick.
W. P. Peterson, a merchant of Sacramento, is
here on a brief visit.
Matthew Francis and John Leshefort of Lon
don are at the Grand.
R. J. R. Aden, a merchant of Vallejo, is reg
istered at the Baldwin.
G. D. Peters, one of the pioneers of Truckee,
arrived Here yesterday.
L. S. Michael, a journalist of Seattle, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
L. R. Steele, editor of the Tracy Times, Is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Lee Taubman, who has a creamery at Fern
dale, is a guest at the Ruse.
General N. P. ChiDman, the lawyer, of Bed
Bluff, is a guest at the Palace.
J. F. Madden, a leading fruit-grower ol New
castle, is here for a short stay.
James Cahill, a Nevada City mining man, Is
making a short stay at the Russ.
J. L. Gilliß, the attorney of Sacramento, is
among the arrivals at tbe Grand.
Charles Monroe of Los Angeles, who for some
time was interested at Monrovia, is in town.
Charles H. Keyes, president of the Throop
Polytechnic) Institute, presiucnt of the Jfaaa
d ena Board of Trade and one of the directors
of the Whittier Reform School, arrived at the
Lick yesterday.
K. Caspar, who is building an electric light
plant at Vallejo, is among the arrivals here.
Edward Pearce, a resident of Providence, R.
1., is at the Paiace accompanied by Mrs. Pearce.
S. Jacobs, one of the owners in a large gene
ral merchandising store at Re.no, Is at the Russ.
F. A. Cutler of Eureka, who has been nomi
nated for Congress irom his district, is at the
Grand.
W. D. Toby, the extensive lumber-dealer of
Carson, Nov., is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
J. M. and H. Harwood of the Johns Hopkins
University were among the arrivals on the
Alameda, and are at the Occidental. One of
them left Paris on a bicycle, and made a
trip of several thousand miles. They are now
en route to Baltimore.
Frank H. Short, the attorney and prominent
Republican of Fresno, is among the recent ar
rivals here.
T. C. Cox, a mining man of Sonora, Tuo
lumne County, is in the City, and is registered
at the Russ.
Mrs. H. Schmieaell, who has been visiting
friends for some time, returned last night and
Is at the Palace.
C. S. Moses of this City, who has been absent
for some time, returned here last evening. He
is at the Palace.
John Markley of Geyserville, so long of the
Democratic State Central Committee, is among
the registered at the Lick.
S. W. Young, one of the instructors in the
chemistry department of the Stanford Univer
sity, registered yesterday at the California.
Morris Newton, the Front-street business
man, accompanied by Mrs. Newton, returned
here yesterday after some weeks' absence.
They are at the Palace.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
Free trade means free soup, as wage-earners
have found out under this administration.—
American Economist.
Even the people who are managing young
Mr. Bryan's campaign refuse to take him seri
ously.—St. Louis Star.
How unfortunate for Mr. Bryan that he did
not lose his voice at New York Instead of Pitts
burg.—Ohio State Journal.
Mr. Bryan is complaining of throat trouble.
He appears to be getting it in the necic al
ready.—Minneapolis Journal.
The only reason Bryan has for calling this a
holy war is the fact that it is being conducted
by Jones of Ark.— Chicago Tribune.
To doubt that Major McKinley will be elected
President is to doubt the intelligence and in
tegrity of the American people.— Springfield
News.
When election day comes Bryan will have
taken poor Greeley's place as the worst-beaten
candidate for President in a hundred years.—
Louisville Post (Dem.).
It is curious to notice how precipitately Mr.
Bryan has dronped his free-trade notions of
former years. He hasn't a word to say nowa
days about the tariff.— Scranton Truth.
The Republican platform points a way to
opening of the mills and factories without
waiting for the aid or consent of any other na
tion.—New York commercial Advertiser.
A good objection to Senator Gorman as man
ager of the Democratic campaign is the fact
that he has not been able to prevent the Re
publicans from capturing bis own State.—
Globe-Democrat.
Mr. Bryan, as the. advance agent of bank
ruptcy, is a glittering success. The business
failures for the first eight days of August last
year aggregated $2,403,774 whereas for the
first six days of August this year they foot up
nearly $7,000,000. — Chicago Times-Herald.
Mr. Bryan says he was not "the hired man"
of the silver -barons. He only upneld tneir
cause at so much a nignt, the contributions
being furnished by the misguided victims of
the silver agitation. A distinction without a
difference will be the verdict of the American
people.— Philadelphia Telegraph.
A MISSES' COAT BASQUE.
The coat basque is much in evidence in the
new fall gowns, and is used ior misses as well
as ladies. The one shown here is a very stylish
model, and was seen made of a mixed cheviot
In which brown, leaf green and white formed
a delightfully pretty combination. ; 7 The cuffs,
collar and revers were of green Bilk, the blouse
of embroidered linen over green silk.
A • mohair ■of blue, somewhat lighter than
navy, h»d a blouse of bright plaid silk. :
■ This waist makes up charmingly la the lie&y
ier cotton goods, such as duck and cheviot*.
One of blue and while in the latter fabric had
cuffs, collar and revers in white piquet, witb
blouse of white embroidered batiste.
Brown Hollands makes a most useful dres\
appropriate tor traveling, general wear, and,
with the proper accessories, such as gay rib«
bon»collar and dainty blouse fronts, it is quits
dressy. One seen had white linen cuffs, etc.
with a white chiffon blouse, turquoise blu«
satin ribbon and belt.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Roberts is an adept at tent-t>egging an|
other military sports.
The Prince of Wales has his life Insured for a
sum equal to $900,000.
Munkaczy, the famous Hungarian painter, is
now writing his memoir-.
M. Felix Faure, the President of the French
republic, speaks English fluently.
The Princess of Wales on her travels is al
ways accoompanied by a favorite white cat.
De Amicis, the Italian author, who was born
in 1846, is a writer of one of the most success
ful boys' books of the time. It has passed
through 180 editions in Italy.
It is proposed to erect a bust to Sir Walter
Scott in Westminster Abbey. The proposal
will probably be the first intimation to most
people that Sir Walter has not yet found a
place theie.
Baron Halkett's hor-e bolted in Hyde Park
recently. When it wasstopped ne was arrested
for furious riding and fined, tbe magistrate
holding that if was his business to see that the
horse he drove would not run away.
The late Lord Lil ford in his published work
on the birds of Northamptonshire, England,
tells this story of a singular incident which
occurred in one of his frequent visits to Spain:
"I first learned," he says, "the news of Presi
dent Abraham Lincold's murder from a scrap
of a Spanish newspaper found in the nest of
the kite by my climber, Agapo, near Aran
juez."
ALLEGED HUMOR.
"Doctor, this Boston visitor of ours is a very
sick girl."
"So I perceive. We must begin by warming
her blood up, but not too suddenly. Give her
a dish of icecream every two hours till I call in
the morning."
"What are your politics, my man?" asked
tho portly visitor of the prisoner behind the
bars at the penitentiary.
"Well, replied the latter, hesitatingly, "I
haven't come out lor anybody yet. "—Buffalo
Times.
"Why do you call that station Bine Island?"
inquired one of tbe passengers.
"I reckon, ma'am," said tbe young man with
thelbaggage checks on his arm, "it's because
it ain't blue and it aiu't an island. Going any
further than Chicago? Wish to ride to any of
the hotels or depots?— Chicago Tribune."
Peasant Woman (noticing a man copying one
of the old masters)— Why do they paint this
picture twice?
Her Husband— Why that's obvious. When
the new picture is done they bang that on the
wall and throw the old one away. — Fliegende
Blaetter.
She takes very little interest in public ques
tions, and her father and brothers had dis
turbed her reading.
"Dear me!" she exclaimed, "do step talking
about McKinley and Bryan. Anybody would
think, from the way you keep discussing them,
that they were baseball players."— Washington
Star.
HE DIDN'T FIND THE POLE.
Arctic Pole Nansen kept alive on dogs, but
let us hope not in tne shape of sausages.—Bal
timore Herald.
Kansen must be credited with doing better
than many of the pole searchers. He found
himself.— Rochester Times.
Nansen failed to prove that a ship can drift
to tbe pole, but be proved bis good sense by
giving up the effort in time to save the lives of
his crew and himself.— Chicago Times-Herald.
At any rate, it must be conceded that Nan
sen has been successful in renewing the con
troversy as to what there is a little farther
on.— Chicago Post.
A nick present— To wnsend's California Glaoe
if raits, 50c. lb., in Jap baskets. 627 Market. *
• — # — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by tbe Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
» ♦ >
M. Jean Cayron of Vibrac, France, baa just
had his twentieth child christened. Eighteen
of his children are alive and healthy.
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alKali dust. Particularly adapted for tbe trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and In
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1531.
Cheap excursion to St. Paul.
Tbe Shasta route and the Northern Paetflo RaQ.
road has been selected as the official route to u
tenrt the National Encampment of the O. A. EL %*,
st, Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave San i'rancisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p. m. Kates $ 87 90 for to*
round trip. Tbe above rate is open to all who wlsix
to make the trip East. Send your name and ai
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 038 Markss
treet, ban I'rancisco, for sleeping-car rtservauoo*
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrnn"
Has been used over M> yean by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething wltU perfect su>
cess. It soothes the child, softens tne gums, allayi
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels aal
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlslnj
/mm teething or other causes, for sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and a&c
tor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, '■ioc » ootu*
Cobojtabo.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, *->f*
and mild, ' being i entirely free from the mists cost,
mon further north. ■ Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board ac tua HotaUti
Coronado, $btl: longer stay $2 50 per d*/. *■»*/
i.Nt* Montgomery au •SanFra "icisoo.
Whks beyond the reach of doctors and drug
stores a box of Ayer's Fills in your pocket may
prove a godsend. Kemember this.
The Bntterlck Pattern Department at The Em
porium will be opened Monday, August 31.
Rev. George M. Grant, principal of Queen's
College, Kingston, Canada, advocates a crusade
in order to deliver the Armenian Christians
from the Turks.
new to-day:
PAYS ■
TO GO TO
l UU Qood Coffee Fflß
■«U Good Coffee
GET Good Spices YOUR
Mnne Good Crockery i,nuCV
MORE I oood^Quaiuy MONEY
BIG > PRESENT FREE.
Profits Divided
wlth Customers who
— OOME :n[RBiOT, TO
Great American Tea Go.
■■"I MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission St. aiB Third st.
■40 Sixth st. 3008 Filimore st.
617 Kearny st. 065 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth ft.
Rai Montgomery «v»». ' la* Second st.,r-
-333 Hayes st. : 3285 Mission st,
■ :- 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. , ;
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st. -
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
I3ss at.. Al#mcda. :ON DAY AUGUST 31. 1898
— ; I
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkateb- "Madame San* Gene." . ,
(on-MBU THKATKB-"The Social Trust."
Aoboeco's tiKKA-bousK- -Held iii Slavery."
Tivort Cpepa-Housic— "Ernaal."
Obfuecii- Hteli-Class Vaudeville
alcazar Theater.-" Turned Up."
fcCTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcnooT thk CHnTics— DaUy at Ualght street,
one block east of the Park.
Cißcua— At Central Park, commencing Septem-
ber 3.
Mechanics' Institttt. Pavilion— Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition, September i to Octo-
ber 3.
CALIjrOKNIA State FaTR -At 6r*cra«aento,
September 1 to September 19.
AUCTION SALES.
By Geo. F. Immson— To-morrow, September 1,
Furniture, at COiO Broadway, at 11 o'clock.
Bt J. c. Muthkr — 1 his day (Monday),
Creamery, at 5'Jl Montgomery st., at 11 o'clock.
By U Vincent — This day (Monday), Bes-
laurant, at aOB Kearny street, at 2 o'clock.
By Frank W. Bi'ttkkkikld— This day (Mon
day), Furniture, at 1012 Bush St., at 11 a. ic and
3 Libe ty st. at 2 P. v.
By Pavilion auction Hodss— This day (Mon-
day), Furniture, 704 Turn street, at 2 o'clock.
Py S. Basch— This day (Monday), Furniture,
at 732 McAllister street at 11 o'clock, and Res-
taurant at 217 Kearny street at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The National G lard marksmen are making
preparations for the September shoot.
The Tyrone.Fermanagh and Donegal Benevo
lent Society huid an outing at Shell Mound.
Equipment for three of the ten-inch disap
pearing rifles at Fort Point has been received.
A very successful harvest home festival was
given in the Church of the Advent last night.
The weather office promises a cloudy morn
ing, a fair afternoon and iresh winds for to
day.
The contract for the bridge across the main
drive in Golden Gate Park has been let for
$16,000.
Clyde Hawthorne of Santa Cruz broke the
record yesterday at the Sutrc baths iv the 100
-yard race.
A number of exciting and closely contested
games were played in the handball courts
yesterday.
Emil if arkeherg made a successful balloon
ascension yesterday, but hud a disastrous
tome-down.
The Imperials beat the Oakland ball-players
at the Koisom-street grounds yesterday by a
score of 8 to 2.
The First New Jerusalem Chnrch has de
cided to retain the Key. D. V. Bowca in its pul
pit for the present.
Right Bower won first prize at Ocean View
coursing paik yesterday aud Emm Pasha was
successful at Ingleside.
Rev. Dr. Case delivered a prelude last night
on a review of the Monitor's rcceut action in
matters in controversy.
The garrison at the Presidio was recently
inspected by General Breckinridge, the iv
Epector-general of the army.
The riders of the great bicycle relay encoun
tered a severe storm and cloudburst iv tke
Rocky Mountains last n Igl v
The Grand Lodge of the I. O. B. B. has a>
cided to abide by its former decision to hold its :
uext annual meeting iv Stockton.
The sloop Volant arrived yesterday from the
wrecked steamship Colombia, loaded with the
donkey-boiler aud damaged cargo.
The Grand Lodge of the L O. B. B. has de
cided to abide by its iormer decision to hold !
its next annual meeting in Stockton.
About fifty children received the holy sacra
ment of confirmation yesterday at the hands
of Archbishop Riordan, in St. Agnes Church.
The cup cricket matches played yesterday i
resulted in victories for the Pacific and Bone- !
mian clubs over the Alamedas and Calif or nias. i
8. W. McCall and L. D. Apsley, representa
tives from Massachusetts, will address Re- I
publicans in the Auditorium to-morrow night.
An institute for the teaching of hypnotism
to doctors, dentists and others having prac
tical use for the occultism has been opened in
San Francisco.
The monthly muster ana grand review will
be held at the Presidio to-day from 9 until 11
o'clock a. X-, and will be followed by guard j
mount and a concert.
W. r. Fleenor of Seattle addressed the Good
Citizenship meeting yesterday afternoon. His
toxiicwaa"ls the Papal Church iv America
Tolerant and Patriotic ? "
At a meeting of the Socialist Labor party,
held at Pythian Hall last night, the police
were denounced in unmeasured terms for in
terfering with their puDlic meetings.
At th« hall of the San Francisco Turn Verein,
Turk street, diplomas were presented last
night to the successful competitors at the re
cent Turn Bezirk tournament at Santa Cruz.
The theatrical benefit given L. R. Stockwell
yesterday afternoon and evening at the Cali
fornia, participated in by all the big players in
the City, netted the favored actor about $tiso.
Captain Flckert of the Stanford football
t«am arrived here yesterday on his way to
Palo Alto from his lather's ranch near
Tehachapi, where he has been working bard
ail summer.
Lee Gin was arrested last evening for point
ing out Dang Soung to a highbinder, who took
a shot at him. Gin was detained at the Cali
fornia-street police station on a charge of as
sault to murder.
Rev. L. J. Nugent of Dcs Moines, lowa, lec
tured at St. Brendan's Church last evening
upon the "Last Confessional." The address
w*s an eloquent defense and justification of
the tribunal of penance.
The Strauss and Strauss defeated the San
> rancisco Reds at the Presidio grounds by a
•core of 30 to 13. The feature of the game was
the heavy batting of the victors and the pitch
ing of Read of the Strauss and Strauss.
Paul Mabinson, a boy living on Ninth ave
nue and L street, while jumping off an electric
car yesterday morning stumbled and fel , and
his left leg was so badly crushed that it had to
be amputated at the Receiving Hospital.
The local Turn Verein celebrated with a big
banquet last night the great victories won by
their members in the recent State meet at
Santa Cruz. Beer, speeches, music and dancing
were enjoyed by the several hundred present.
Director H. C. Henderson, chairman of the
Buildings and Grounds Committee, denies I
that the Building Trades Council has any
legitimate cause of complaint against the
Board of Education relative to the; recent
whitening of the schoolbouses.
"Blinker Brown," a noted water-front char
acter, was arrested yesterday morning by the
harbor police while attempting to rob William
Earlund. His hand became caught on several
fish-nooks in Sarlund's pocket, and his capture
was the result of a very cute trick.
D. M. Delmas denies vigorously that there is |
any row between himself and James H. Camp- I
bell of San Jose, over their respective claims I
as attorneys for the heirs to the Lux estate
and he ridicules as too evidently false the
Chronicle story of his alletred effort to prevent
the filing of a certain affidavit in Redwood
City.
His Shoulder Fractured.
Charles Oliver, a boy living at 1808 Powell
street, had bis left collar-bone fractured at the
Crystal Baths yesterday afternoon. He was
sliding down the tobogean, and when he
reached the water he struck another boy with
hU shoulder. The other boy was uninjured.
Oliver was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
NEW TO-DAY.
WILD
With Eczema
I mi b stifferer for eight year« from Eczema, but
now am entirely cured. The palms of my hands
were covered and badly inflamed; little white
blister* appeared, then would peel off, leaving
a red, smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itch. On the inside of the upper part of
my limbs, great red blotches would appear, and
as soon as I became warm, the burning and itch-
ing would begin. Night after night 1 would lie
awake and scratch, and almost go wild. I got a
box of Coticdba, and a bottle of Ccticcra Rb-
bolvent, and alter a few applications I noticed
the redness and inflammation disappear; before I
had used one box there teat not a tif/n of Eczema
left. I can truthfully asuert that $2.00 worth of
Cuticuba Remedies cured me. . _.
■ JOHN D. PORTE, Pittaburg, Pa.
BrxiDT Cc»« TKATMEST.-W.rm bathi with Cp-
Ticca Soap, gentle applications ol Ccticiib* (olut-
menn, md mild <LoMt Of CuilCOßAß«SOl.TjcaT,gre«teit
of humor cure*.
Bold throughout th« world. ! Price. Cpicr»*. »>e.»
Boat, 25c; Rxsolvejct. *>c. »nd #1. Lottie Dhoo
AkdCbxm.Corp., Sole Prop*., ho«ton. - ■■■
mf " Uoir to PermuwiUy Cure £czemo, ' mailed fret.
NEWS ON THE
WATER FRONT,
The Phenomenal Luck of
Fisherman William
Sarlund.
WITH LOADED TROUSERS
And " Blinker Brown" Rolling
a Pseudo Drunk Was
Hooked.
LANDED IN THE CITY PEISON.
Most of the Cargo and Machinery of
the Wrecked Co ombia Have
Been Removed.
William Sarlund is a fisherman of credit
and renown, and has just made the catch
of the season.
William lives at the bayside inn of
Wary Sandlin, located at 206 Steuart
street. Around in the neiehborhood may
be seen a water-froni character known as
! "Blinker Brown," who possesses an un
| savory police record. At the Sacramento
street station he is listed as a "arunk
roller," a conscienceless individual who
rolls intoxicated people over for profit as
they are dreaming blissfully on the hard
dock-planks.
Last Friday night Sarlund fell into the
hands of "Blinker" Brown and permitted
"Blinker" to absorb $3 25 of his money.
It is needless to say that Sarlund was
snoring a midnight hymn to the pale
face moon, with his head against a spar
and his feet hanging over the end of the
wharf, at the time the transfer took place.
"When Sarlund came back from the lotus
land of dreams he missed his money and
straightway kicked.
His kick appealed to the sympathetic
soul of Mrs. Sandlin and she set a trap for
"Blinker" Brown— or, rather, she set a
hook for him.
While Sarlund was finishing his nap in
bed like a respectable person she took his
, trousers and sewed fishhooks on tbe inside
! of his pockets, the treacherous barbed
i things set so they would not fail to hold
| whatever entered there. Then she placed
j a few jingling coins in those loaded
pockets and made Sarlund get up and
dress.
He was instructed to keep his own hands
| out of his own pockets and lie around
: promiscuously wbere "Blinker" could find
i him. This he did, and Brown was soon
noticed to be loitering suspiciously in the
vicinity of the pseudo-drunk, baited for his
benefit. The fisherman play<sd his role
j well, and the human fish presently
i plunged his hand into Sariund's pocket,
I and, as he clutched the coins, the nooks
I snatched him.
Then there was a howl. The more
Brown tried to withdraw the deeper the
hooks went into his flesh. The struggles of
Sarlund didn't help matters any. and
when Officers Cailahan and Dillon
swooped down upon the pair the would-be
"drunk-roller's" undoing was complete.
The hooks were with difficulty extracted
| from his wounded hand and he was
i marched away to the Harbor Police Sta
tion. The trousers, with loaded pockets
and tbe coins he didn't get, accompanied
him as evidence of his criminal blunder.
Tbe tug Alert, Captain Brokaw, re
turned Saturday night from the wreck of
the Colombia at Pigeon Point with sloop
Voiante in tow. The latter vessel was
loaded with the donkey boiler of the lost
steamship, the remains of hfer engines
and a large amount of the damaged cargo.
Captain Drisko, who has been busily strip
ping the wreck, has so far cleaned but the
nuii that little more remains aboard.
The main boilers have been loosened
from the bottom plates and the Yolante
Will take down a derrick for the purpose of
completing the work. Some of the cargo
yet remains in the forward hold and dyna
mite will be used to get it out. The side of
The Colombia will be blown out, and what
will not float ashore will be secured by
divers. The propeller will be broken off
by tbe explosion, and both it and the shalt
removed from the steamer.
AT THE THEATERS.
What the Theater Goers May Expect
See la the Playhouses This
livening.
To-night the audience at the Baldwin
will witness the first presentation in this
city of the much talked-of and much writ
ten about "Mme. Sans Gene." Kathryn
Kidder is said to give an excellent por
trayal of the title role and Augustus Cook
a perfect picture of Napoleon L
"The Social Trust" is to be given again
to-night at the Columbia Theater and it
will be given during the remainder of the
week. It is a play that has been well re
ceived and is entitled to the reception it
received, for it certainly is a good play.
After having been closed for about six
weeks the Alcazar is to reopen to-night
with "Turned Up," a play that was made
such a success by JS T at Goodwin. It is to
be put on the boards with fine scenery
and theieading character will be assumed
by Frank Doane, the comedian.
The new soubrette Lottie Williams and
the near comedian Edward J. Herron, who
captured the audiences at the Grand Opera
hou?e last wees, will appear this evening
at this place of amusement in a sensa
tional melodrama, "Heid in Slavery," one
that is fui. 1 of thrilling situations.
"Ernani" is on the bill at the Tivoli
Opera-house for this evening. In this
well-known production Signor Michelena
will appear in the character of tbe bandit
chief, Kaffael is to appear in the character
or the King of Spain and Nina Bertini
Humphreys will appear as Gilda.
The bill to be offered at the Orpheum
Music Hall is a strong one and the many
specialties are sure to please the patrons
of ibis house. The Cosnian couple, from
Australia, are announced to appear in
song, dialogue and dance. Wilson and
Erroi will give "Men vs. Women."
There will be a vaudeville performance
in the Casino at the Haight-street grounds
this evening and a number of specialty ar
tists will appear in acts that have won
much applause for them. Then there will
be, as usual, tbe several outside attrac
tions that are ever new.
* * — •
Father Torke's Next Lecture.
"The Little Red Schoolhouse," the next lec
ture of the course on "Current Controversy,"
will be given by Rev. Peter C. Yorke this even
ing in Metropolitan Hall, under the auspices
of the American Women's Liberal League. Rev.
Dr. Nieto will preside. Reserved seat tickets
tor sale at Keefe's music-store, 1019 Van Ness
avenue, at the headquarters of the league,,
rooms 20 and 21, Nucleus building, corner of
Third and Market streets, and in the evening
at the box-office in the hall.
Trunks Moved 25 Cento.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Satter .; street.
Telephone Main Id. Keep your ciaecka lor us.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
Sergeant Hubbacv, Champion Marksman of Company B, Fifth Infantry,
ban Joso-
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
OF THE STATE.
Governor Budd, the Coramander-in-
Chief of the National Guard of California,
has returned from his horseback outing in
the high Sierra and is now able by reason
of his practice march to take tbe field with
a troop of cavalry.
Major-General James expected the
Governor and Adjutant Barrett to meet
him here in conference in general affairs
last Saturday, but the Governor sent word
for the division general to wait.
The Adjutant-General came down from
Sacramento last Saturday. Captain Car
rington, U. S. A., on duty as inspector of
the State troops, also came in from Sacra
mento Saturday la>t. The recommenda
tion in his report that the cavalry com
pany of Los Angeles should be mustered
out has caused some criticism in that city.
Captain Carrington is said to favor the or
ganization of a light battery for the guard
of this S tate, and in this respect his views
are indorsed by many other military men.
It can be seen now thai a mistake was
made in disbanding the old light battery
in San Francisco.
The latest addition to the staff of Major-
General N. I. James is the appointment
of J. H. Mangels lieutenant-colonel and
commissary. When the appointment was
tendered Colone 1 Mangels was serving on
the staff of Brigadier-General Warfield,
as quartermaster with the rank of major.
It is said that other members of General
Warfield's staff have been invited to join
the major-general's military family. The
suggestion has been made that the major
general should do his staff recruiting in
ano'her field.
First Brigade.
PASADENA, Cau. Aug. 28.— Company
I, Seventh infantry, of Pasadena held its
regular monthly target shoot on Friday,
August 21.
Captain N. S. Bangham of Company I
has gone to Chilano for recreation in the
mountains, and will with his family be
absent two weeks.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Aug. 25.—
Preliminary practice for the semi-annual
State shoot will commence in Company X,
Seventh Infantry, this week, and a great
deal of interest is b*ing shown even at this
early date in the coming contest for State
decorations. It is to be regretted that the
ruling made last spring, compelling a man
to make a score of 30 at the June practice
to be allowed to compete for a medal in
September, ha» not been revoked. It cer
tainly does not encourage target practice
in the guard, and seems to have the effect
of lessening the interest in this very im
portant part of a soldier's education.
The officers and men are delighted with
tbe prospect of better ammunition in the
future. The shells furnished lor the last
State practice were of a very inferior
quality and no doubt helped to lower the
scores of some of the best shots in the com
pany.
The new non-coms appeared in all the
glory of new chevrons and stripes on Mon
day evening, but it wns a pretty hard mat
ter for them to "look straight to the
front," the sight of their new sleeve deco
rations being a little too much for their
vanity. It is to be hoped that none of
them will become cross-eyed.
Sergeant Sboup is again on duty with
tbe company after a very severe illness of
several months.
The literary society of the company
known as "The Philopolemicae" will open
its fail meetings on Monday evening, Sep
tember?, with a moot court. Ex-Privaie
Henry Ingram will be the presiding judge.
The first case on the docket is the cele
brated breach-of-promise suit of Angelina
Drusella Ferres ft. Don Juan Carter.
Lieutenants Sloat and 8 ccombe will ap
pear as counsel for the lair and thin plain
tiff, while Sereeants Rountree and Shoup
will do battle for the gay Don Juan.
Dr. J. N. hayless, a very substantial
friend of the National Guard, will continue
his course of lectures to Company & dur
ing the fall and winter. His practical
talks upon first aid to the injured as given
to the soldiers last spring are of incal
culable benefit to every guardsmen.
Sergeant Bodkiu and Corporal Doyle
will return from their mountain trip
within a few days.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Aug. 29.— Company
L, Seventß Regiment, of this city indulged
in its first court-martial Thursday niaht,
when Private Myron Holderman was
called upon to defend himself against the
charges of habitually absenting himself
from drills, disobeying orders by refusing
to report at the armory and refusing to
furnish an excuse for non-attendance at
drills. The proceedings were conducted
by Major D. R. Weller of Los Angeles as
judge advocate.
In order to facilitate matters Holderman
pleaded not g uilty to the charges as a
Cantain Finley swore the charges as pre
sented were true. Sergeant Dean John
ston introduced tueconipanv's roll-book to
prove that the defeudant had been absant
from drills on the dates specified. The
defendant testified that be had presented
excuses for non-attendance, and had been
under the impression that no fault could
be found with his punctuality as long as
he maintained an average of 60 per cent
on attendance, which theory was drastically
exploded.
The evidence in the cane will be sub
mitted to Colonel John R. Berry, and will
be accompanied by a recommendation from
Major Weller as to tbe punishment he
deems just.
Company L recently added ten new
lockers to its wardrobe. The company
now has a membership of nearly seventy
men, and is in the most flourishing con
dition in its history. It will not indulge
in a "camp" this year.
Captain Finley has prepared a company
roster iv tabulated form, which sUowa the
military history of all who have ever
enlisted in its ranks.
OorDoral Herbert Cleavsr left Friday for
Stanford, which leaves a vacancy in the
non-commissioned officers.
Tbe regular monthly shoot of the com
pany will be held to-mor.ow.
Second Brigade.
The election in Company H, First In
fantry, took place Jast Monday evening.
The newly elected lieutenants are Mr.
Judge, first, and Mr. Davis, second lieu
tenant. For a time it seemed that the
order from brigade headquarters would
not be carried out for lack of an officer
to preside at the election.
In regimental orders No. 17 Colonel Wil
liam Macdonald compliments Captain Fil
mer on the very successful camp held by
Company Bat Los Gatos. The discipline
maintained and the promptness in send
ins report* were especially commended.
Captain Edward Fitzpatrick's company,
E, First Infantry, has gained general com
mendation for pood marching. The men
marched from this City to Alviso recently
and then came home by steamer.
Mlijor Boston's first battalion, First In
faatrv, was dril'ed on Van Ness avenue
last Wednesday evening by Captain Mar
shall. Major dime's second battalion will
drill on the avenue next Wednesday even
ing. Major Sime will command.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 28.— Interest In
target-shooting in San Jose s<ems to be
reopening. The following challenge ap
peared inthe San Jose Mercury Tuesday,
and no doubt the marksmen of San Jose
will be treated to a good, spicy match
some time in the near future:
San Jose, Cal., Aug. 20, 1896.
Edward Hubback, a ninrVsman of no small
ability, who is a member of the Sciiuetzen
Section of the San Jose Turn Verein, is now
wearing the championship medal of the above -
mentioned club, an honor which belongs else
where lor the good and sufficient reason that
another marksman who is in the champion
class made a score above tbe limit to quali.y,
which was placed at 400 rings, but who, on ac
count of his not wearing: a gray and green coat
at the time of making said score, was disquali
fied from being awarded the medal, and th 3
same was taken by Mr. Uubback, whusa score
was far below the 400 rings.
Now, believing that a true sportsman would
not and should not wear honors won by a com
rade, I hen-by challenge said Uubback to shoot
a match of 100 shots each at the German ring
target for $50 aside for the championship of
Santa Clara County, the winner to be open to
challenge by any bona-flae resident of Santa
Clara County under sume conditions.
Accompanying this is a certified check for
above amount, and if said Hubback does not
accept this challenge accompanied by a simi
lar check or its equivalent within one week,
the public may justly deem him unworthy of
wearing championship medals. Respectfully
submitted, A. M. Barkek.
Hubback is a sergeant of Company B,
Fifth Infantry, and is the crack shot of
the company, beintr the only man in the
champion class. He wears many hand
some medals and takes an active part iv
all prize shoots and other matches.
Dr. Barker is a prominent dentist of San
Jose and has always been an enthusiastic
rifleman. He is Known to be one of the
heet nhotsin Santa Clara County and is al
ways reliable in a match. He holds nu
merous trophies and generally participates
in the shooting festivals against many of
the cracks of San Francisco.
Sergeant Hubback holds the champion
medal of Company B and also the cham
pion medal of the shooting section of the
San Jose Turn Verein. In Company Bhe
shoots the regulation Springfield rifle, the
trigger of which must pull six pounds or
over. In matches with his comrades of
the Schuetzen Verein Hubback uses a
Winchester rifle with hair trigger. Hub
beck s friends think that if he confines
himself to either one of tbe two rifles and
gets into good shape be can make it hot
for any other rifleman In Santa Clara
County, and they are willing to back him
in a match. I)r. Barker shoots a Win
chester with hair trigger.
The marksmen of Santa Clara County
are eager to see a match oetween these two
cracks, and at the shooting festival of the
Sch'.etzen Verein it is expected that both
will take part.
Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 28.-T.he
signal corps of the Third Brigade are still
doing good work. Tuesday night was
devotea to night sienaling with good suc
cess. Station A was established on top of
the armory in command of Sergeant At
water and Station B, under command of
Sergeant Martin, was stationed on top of
the Capitol. Messages were sent and re
ceived with great success. Next Sunday
will be devoted to target practice, as the
corps' semi-annual shoot takes place next
month. Corporal Watkina of the corps is
•till in the southern portion of the State.
Sergeant Bailey is away on his summer
outinor. Sergeant Atwater, who has re
turned from his vacation, reports that he
made the trip to Los Angeles on his bicy
cle. Privates Harris and McCurdy, new
members, are rapidly becoming helograph
experts and Warren and Taylor are doing
great work with the flags. The corps is
making preparations for mounted field
drill, which takes place soon.
Troop B left for Folsom at 9 o'clock last
Saturday night They went in light
marching order and on a strictly practice
march, carrying no tents, but cooking
utensils and regulation rations. The
march was supervised by the State mili
tary officials to ascertain how success. ully
the cavalry command can carry out a
practice march. The troop will probably
make a trip to Marysville within two
weeks.
Company E, Second Infantry, tendered
a laaies' night this week, and a very pleas
ing programme was presented for tie en
tertainment of tbe guest?, who were wel
comed by Captain Schomaker. Alter
music by the band they were addressed by
Colonel Guthrie. A bayonet drill by a
picked squad of company members fol
lowed.
Company G, Second Infantry, turned
out over sixty strong at drill this week.
They claim the supremacy at drill and
Company E at the butts. Ex-Captain Runs
taller has offered a handsome fioid medal
for the best individual score in fifty shots,
to be competed for on the first Sunday in
September by members of Companies E
and G. Jt has long been a mooted ques
tion as to whether Company C of Marys
ville or Company E of this city possesses
the best shots, each claiming that honor, so
an endeavor is being made to have a com
petitive match between twenty men on a
side to decide supremacy. This will come
off in the near future, ten men coming
from Marysville to this city and ten men
going to that place. The match is to be
held simultaneously.
Ei-Colonel Park Henshaw and Colonel
Guthrie sat as an examining board in the
cases of the elected officers, Captain Cook
of Troop B and Lieutenant Martin oKthe
Signal Corps and others, all of whom
passed a successful examination.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Aug. 28.— The
placing of a 500-yard target before the
winter setson sets in is the item in which
the members of the local military com
pany are most interested these days. T:ie
officers of the regular army, who visited
Company D, Second Infantry, recently
and investigated its workings, impressed
upon the members the necessity for prac
tice at a greater distance than 200 yards,
and their words were not wasted. The
proposition was one to which Marysviile's
riflemen had hitherto given considerable
thought, and now the prospects are that
the project will meet a happy consumma
tion.
Next in importance is the second State
shoot for tbe year 1896, to take place some
day in September, the exact date to be an
nounced from regimental headquarters.
As a result of tbe first shoot of the year,
held last June, Marysville has nineteen
prospective sharpshooters, i. c., citizen
soldiers who stand good chances of reach
ing tbe necessary 90 per cent next month,
thereby securing the gold bar and title of
sharpshooter. As riflemen it is quite
probable that nearly thirty of D's mem
bers will qualify and wear the silver bar.
The guardsmen north of Sacramento,
for three years past, have won the Gov
ernor's gold and silver medals offered for
sharDshooters, and although Marysville
has never been so fortunate as to secure
one of the beautiful trophies, her soldier
boys who enter the contest in the spring
of '97 will force their competitors to shoot
well up to insure them the laurels.
At present there is but one vacancy in
the ranks of Company D, and that was
occasioned by the death of her bugler, O.
F. Stoodley, which occurred several
months ago.
MERCED, Cal., Aujr. 28.— Company A,
Sixth Infantry, has accepted an invita
tion extended by, the pastor of Bethel
Methodist Episcopal Church South, and
will attend divine services at that church
Sunday evening, August 30. The com
pany will follow the example set by many
other companies in the United States and
attend special services in a boJy at least
onre a year.
Two recruits were received at the Mon
day night drill and two applications are to
be balloted upon at the next meeting.
Several other civilians are contemplating
joining and the prospects seem very fav
orable to quite an increase in the member
ship of the company. An addeJ interest
is noticeable among the men and it is ex
tending to citizens not members.
A movement is on foot to attempt to
establish a cadet corps among the boys of
the. County High School which will open
this fall. The company is heartily in
accord with the proposition and will
assist every way in its power.
A SENSATIONAL STORY.
Judge Conlan Denies Having Received
Notes Threatening to Mow
His House Up.
Jndge Conlan was surprised and an
noyed when he read in an evening paper
on Saturday a sensational story of having
received letters threatening to blow his
house up with dynamite, and that his
wife W0.3 so prostrated with terror that
private detectives had been employed to
watch his house.
"It is a case, of much ado about noth
ing," said the Judge, when seen about
the story. "It is true I received some two
weeks asro a postal card from a criminal,
as I supposed, who had possibly been in
my court, abusing me in filthy language.
There was no mention of dynamite in it;
it was simply a filthy note.
"Two years ago, before the election, I
received a similar note in the same hand
writing and I placed the matter in the
hands of the postal authorities. 1 have an
idea of who the writer is, but cannot
prove it. Every public official is liable to
receive similar epi3tles about this time,
and it is a pity such things should get
publicity. I met my wife Saturday after
noon at'Lotta'B fountain, fche had a copy
of the paper in her hand and was more
amused than angry at the aosurdly sensa
tional story." #
Christian Evidence.
Rev. William H. Moreland preached to a
large congregation in St. Luke's Church yester
day on Christian evidence, and his subject,
"How to Know God," was addressed especially
to agnostics. The text was, "If any man will
do his will he shall know of the doctrine
whether it be of God."
He said: "Some agnostics argue that be
cause they don't know God no one else can.
What they do not Know nobody can know.
Their ignorance is the measure of everyone's
Knowledge. It is impossiDle to argue with
such dense conceit. Other agnostics are open
to conviction. The unbeliever is mistaken.
He is responsible for the degree of faith to
which he has attained. Putting aside the wit
ness of the Bible and the church, the preacner
puts himself beside the skeptic. Would you
know God? Then don't waste time in wrangl
ing controversies. God is truth. Therefore
keep your mind open to receive the truth from
whatever source it comes. "
NEW TO-DAT.
Lace Curtains
Several times a year our
curtain department cleans
house.
That keeps everything
new and looking well.
Besides it gives you cur-
tain bargains — and who
don't like a real bargain now
and then ?
A few prices for to-day ;
cheaper ones if you want
them:
Brussels effect in Nottingham laces— ss pairs
at $3— were $3.75.
Genuine Brussels Point laces, $6. so— were $8.
Irish point laces, S}*7— were $9.
Irish point laces, $10.50— were $13.
Marie Antoinette laces (rare beauty), $25—
were $35.
We hang them — and know
how; no charge for that.
New furniture catalogue
ready. Free;
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
11 7- 123 Geary Street.
WILL MEET IN STOCKTON
The Grand Lodge of the I. 0. B.
B. Abides by Its Former
Decision.
Steps Are Being Tak?n for the Organ >
zatou of a Past Presidents'
Association.
Yesterday was a busy day for the offi
cers and members of the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Orderof B'nsi B'rith. A
special session, lasting the greater portion
of the day, dealt with the proposed recon
sideration of the Grand Lodge's former
decision to hold its next annual meeting
in Stockton. A considerable part of the
members seemed to regard this action as
hasty and ill-advised lor various reasons,
contending that the annual meeting
should be held, as hitherto, in this City,
which is the seat of the Grand Lodge.
Petitions to this effect were addressed to
the Grand Lodge by a number of the San
Francisco lodges.
On the other Land, tbe fact that the
Grand Lodge had accepted the invitation
of Hope Lodue of Stockton and decided to
hold its next annual meeting in that city
in January, 1897, seemed in tbe conception
of a larger portion of the members to be
final aud not properly subject to revision.
In opening the meeting Grand Presi
dent Edward I. Wolfe went over the
ground in detail, and urgently recom
mended that there be no revision of the
Grand Lodge's action, since the citizens of
Stockton had already pledged themselves
to give the delegates a most cordial recep
tion. To revoke the acceptance of the hos
pitality thus generously proffered would,
he contended, be a most ungracious act,
and would place the Grand Lodge in an
unfavorable light before the public in gen
eral and the people of Stockton in par
ticular.
Joseph Rothschild made a motion that
the action of the Grand Lodge accepting
the invitation ot Hope Lodge of Stockton
be rescinded.
This motion being seconded set the ball
a rolling. Among the speakers who dis
cussed it were Mr. Rothschild, Joseph
Bien, J. Sham, I. J. Aachheim, J. L.
Franklin, H. Lasser. S. H. Simon, A. L.
Badt, L. Blum, Past Grand Presidents D.
S. Hirshoerg and William Salburg, H.
Watts, I. N. Choynski, Philip Stern, Ed
ward Towsky, L. Ehrlich, Rev. Jacob
Voorsanger, H. Gudstadt and L. Bern
steiu.
G. Samuels asked tbat the motion to re
scind be put to a vote, and it was lost.
Fir^t Grand Vice-President M. P. Stein,
who is also piesident of Hope Lodj;e of
Stockton, made a brief address expressing
his satisfaction at the action of the Grand
Lodge, and promising the delegates a
royal time in Stockton. Grand President
Wolfe congratulated all present upon the
happy termination of the controversy, ana
the meeting ended with a prayer led by
Dr. Voorsanger.
After the Grand Lodge's session a past
presidents' association was formed, with
I. J. Aschheim as president pro tern. and
Wallace Wise as secretary. Edward Tow
sky, Max GoMberg, S. H. Simon, Mann
, HEW TO-DAT.
' Schilling's Best I tea is
cheap enough — price is
as low as you can get good
tea for, and there are 150 to
200 cups to the pound.
' t lt is good enough— there
is nothing better at anything
like the price. It is fresh-
roasted and has the full fla-
yer and charm of tea.
At grocers' in packages.
Pound Half-pound \
Japan . .. ( 50 c 25 c |
English Breakfast 60 c 30 c
Oolong 75 c- 40 c
Ceylon. 80 c 40 c-
Ideal Blend $1.25 65 c
Your money back if you
don't like it
A. Schilling & Company <
Ban Francisco ' 865
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Una. ii BMwrimi Kbflixu, I'rupneLor oi .u^ua^*:
Season of Grand Opera !
TO-NIGHT,
Also 'Wednesday, Friday and Sunday Evenings,
, . Verdi's Tragic Opera, . -.
E E. IST J± IT I !"
Cast » Includes .Vat all. Mlchelena, " Baßael,
Abramoff, etc. ■ -
— TO-MOKROW •
Thursday ' and Saturday : Evenings, by Special
Request, - .
"RIGOLBTTO."
De Vrles, Abramoff, Pache. Boyce, Karl, Bertlnl
■ : , Humphreys, Bernice Holmes, Perron, Na- «■
' poeleonl, Mull. Scbnnbt-1, etc. -
Correct Costumes— — Beautiful Scenery,
NEXT WEEK- i.ucia, Trovatore, Romeo
-■ • " and Juliet.
First Appearance this Season of Mile. Ida Valerga.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. .'
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenio Railway on Earth,!
; - . Open Daily from ItollP. M.
-DON'T FAIL TO SEE- — —
THE DE FU.IFPES,
THE . ZANFARH-LAS.
BRING THE CHILDREN
To See the New Bears and
The Happy. Family of Monkeys!
ADMISSION— —IO CENTS.
Children, lncluding Merry-Go- Kou nil Hide, 5" cents.'
i 111 ' M. .l^ 7 "■!""' \A
JjjP Jhree Weei^s .
PElectricMotive 1 Power
» Transmitted fROM fbLSOM
. EXCURSION RATES.
Naked Pills
are fit only, for naked sav-
ages. Clothes are the marks
of civilization — in pills as well
as people. A good coat does
not make a good pill, any more
than good clothes make a good
man. But as sure as you'd
look on a clothesless man as a
mad one, you may look on a
coatless pill as a bad one.
After fifty years of test no
pills stand higher than
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
SUGAR COATED.
heim Marks and Simon Baruch were ar>
pointed a committee on permanent organ
ization and by-laws.
Order Was Well Kept
Favorable comments have been made upon
the admirable manner in which Captain Gil
len of the Mission district and his squad of po
lice handled the big crowd inside and outside
of Woodward's Pavilion on Friday niffht.
Everything was done quietly and unostenta
tiously, but none the less effectively, under
the captain's dfrcciion. who was ably assisted
by Lieutenant Burke and Sergeant Monaghan.
Baseball Players Collide.
Christopher Jonns ton, a boy living at 780}$
Harrison street, was playing ball in Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon, when he col
lided wiih another player and was thrown
with great force to the ground. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, ana as he was ex
pectorcting blood lie was held for observation,
as it was feared he had been injured inter
nally.
NEW TO-L. AY— AMUSEMENTS.
*RiCDLAnulilOOrnOD« g>- u»f3Ar.srwnAo«>--
IT T SIMPLY
WAS | IMPOSSIBLE
TO ACCOMMODATE liAST WEEK
All the People Who Wanted to See
"THE SOCIAL TRUST" "
That Excellent Comedy- •
By Ramsay Morns and Hillary, Bell. ,
THEREFORE ""
THE FBAfLEY COMPANY
WILL PRESENT THE PJLAY
ONE WEEK MOKE
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT.
Secure Your Seats Early
for All the Week.
Monday, September 7— "THE WIFE,"
; ■ - Another Great Play. .:
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
h atth E k —TO-NIQHT,
Baldwin *^™* c '
English QADnnil'Q Or " tNll l '
Version OnnUUU O leunic Play.
"MADAME SAM GENE"
(MADAME DON'T CAR :.)
The Success of Two Continents.
Manager AUGUSTUS PI ! OT7 takes pleasure In
- : announcing ■ - .. -
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the title : role. Supported by ; the principal
members of the original cast, with all the magnifi-
cent properties, costumes, etc., which contributed
to the great success or the play in the cities of the
>. . : AT.fMtt~l«bir iext.
tAUFORNIA I STEVE BIiODIE
In "OS THE BOWERY."
Seats Ready Thursday.
. — ' ' ; .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. Rots Lessee «ni XMM«f
FUN I SENSATION ! FUN!
- Special Engagement of the Romantic Actor,
HARRY SEDI-KY,!
In the Thrilling .Nau ical Melodrama,
"HELD IN SLAVERY,"
- And Second Successful Week of
LOTTIE WILLIAM!*, *.!>. J. HKRON,
Soubrette, Comedian,"
Ternflc Storm With Real Rain! Most Realistic of
Jure Scenes! Exciting Dupl With Knives! ■•
1 Great Klectric Effects lMß
4- PICK A.s INN IKS 4 ■-....
NEW SONGS! NEW NEW SONGS!
Evening Prices— 2so and 500.
' . . \ • Family Circle and Gallery, 10&
- Fnrrel! f=treav Between Stockton ana Pow»''..
Week Commencing Monday, Aug. 31,
■ANOTHEK GREAT NEW BIL.L!
IPII-iSOlsr &c ERROLi,
America's Favorite society Sketch Artists.
Return Engagement for i ne Week of
L.YDIA 1 AMANS-TITUS,
. Assisted bi- FKED J. TITUa ;
86— : America's Greatest Artists 38
Keserved sea:s. 25c: 1 alcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
NOTE.— Grand Opening of the WKIN-STUBE
TO-NIGHT.. - .■■..),■ . -_
•A : I '- f> A "7 A D Belasco, Doane & Jordan,
f\L~Ksr\/Lr\r\ Lessees and Managers.
O'Farrell Street. Bet. TUPATPR
Stockton and Powell. 1 nLni til
GALA OPENING TO-NIGHT
AT THIS FAMILY THEATER.
. The Sparkling Comedy, •
"TURNED UP,"
By the Alcazar stock Company of Player.).
Prices, 15, 85,* 35 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday, .
15, 25 and 35 Cents* •
PHONE BLACK 991.
Secure Your Seats in Advance. •
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A. m. Until 11 P. K.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children 6c. --'
MECHANICS'
INSTITUTE PAVILION.
Twenty -Moth Industrial Exposition!
HOME PRODUCTS -EXHIBITION
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE .*
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
— AND THE
Manufacturers' and Proiioeers' Association
— OPENS SEPTE . BER 1.
CLOSES OCTOBER 3.
. .., Machinery in Motion. ; .■ .
Trade Exhibits in Operation.
The Latest Innovations in Electrical Science. -
All Exhibits Ready on the Opening; of the Fair.
Picturesque Stands and Booths. -
State t isheries I Exhibit. -
Carefully Selected Art Gallery.
Orchestra of 40 Musicians Under the Leader-
-7 ship of GUST a V HINRICH3.
. • : ADMISSION:
Doable Season Ticket. ........::..... S5 00
Single reason Ticket.-....-.....;..'....;.... 93 00
Children's Season Ticket.........:.. ...... ....51 60
Adult Admission...... .:'.."... ;."..' 250
Childreu— Admission. ;16c
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Order of the Eastern Star.
Grand Patron T. B. Merritt has returned from
his northern trip, and he expects shortly to
visit Marshal Chapter at Willows, Tuoiumne
btar Chapter at Sonora, Angels Chapter at
Angels Camp, Azalea Chapter at Campo Beco
and Queen Esther Chapter at Plymouth. Be
fore visiting these places it is probable that he
will, possibly this week, go to Watsonville and
Monterey.
Arrangements are being made for *» grand
excursion for the representatives to the Grand
Chapter. If it is possible to secure 150 repre
sentatives to go on the excursion, at what it is
expected will be a very reasonable rate, there
will be an outing lasting from Saturday morn
ing to Monday evening. This will include a
visit to Palo Alto, a sojourn at Monterey and
a trip to Pacific Grove, with room and board at
the Hotel del Monte, a ride over the seventeen
mile drive and a visit to Santa Cruz and a halt
at the Felton big trees. This, oi course, is con
tingent upon obtaining the necessary number
of subscribers.
Mrs. Florence Miller of Sacramento, associate
grand rumron, and her husband were, during the
past week, visitors at the onice of the grand sec
retary. They had been sojourning at Pacific
Grovi*and rejort that a larjje membership of the
order was in that deligbttul grove. Mrs. Agnes
Mirinda Morgans of Angels Chapter Of Angels
Camp and Mrs. Scott of Acacia Chap er of Los
Angeles were also visitors to the grand secretary.
Next Tuesday evening Ivy Chapter, of which
Cyrus W. Dow is worthy patron and Mrs. George
W. H. Patterson is worthy matron, will give a
grand enrertalnment and dance in Golden Gate
Commandery Hull. A splendid time U anticipated.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Grand Patriarch Reid, Grand Scribe Barnes,
Grand Treasurer Lemont and Grand Representa
tive Downs paid a visit to Unity Encampment
last Tuedday n lght. Addresses were made by the
visitors aud others, and a collation followed the
meeting.
Last Friday night the grand patriarch and the
grand scribe paid a visit to Sunset Encampment
in Alameda. Grand Representative Downs and
Past Grand Patriarch J. F. Crosett were present.
The Veteran Odd Fellows will pay a visit to Bay
City Lodge on the 16th of September.
On the V2d of September Past Grand Master W.
H. Barnes will visit Unity Lodge and will address
the members ana visitors. That will be the sixty
second anniversary of his birth and the forty-first
oi his Odd- leilou ship.
Thrre will be a grand reunion of the lodzrs of
district 67 in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' bui d
ing, on the night • f the Bth of September. The
lodges 'ii that district are Farnsworth, Unity, i a
clfic, cphir, Alta aid liolden West.
The Veteran odd J-ellows' Association has re
ceived an invitation to Day a visit to Abou Ben
Adhem Lodge in • ctober.
Many of ihe cantons are drilling for the contest
to be held in tsanta Cruz.
The en.ertaininrnt to be given by the Kidgley
Club wi.l be in odd Fellows' Hal on Saturday.
Grand Palriaicu Heid makes the fo lowing an
nouncement of visits: --epteruber 11, tnterpise
Kiicurru'ment at Lo» Angeles; l'^tu, Orange Grove,
Los .Tries; 14th, Porno a, Pomona: 1. th, >anta
Mini. S:m;a Monica; Ibth, P.isadeua Pasadena;
17tn. . . .linolia, East Los Angeles; 18. h, Aione,
San Bernardino; 19th, Laur.-i, !>anta Ana;
Centen.nal, San Die^o: 2»d, Olive Branch, Kscon
dido; 23d, Mar. Riverside; 25th, .-~e:ma, Se.ma;
U6th, Fresno, Fresno: 2Ktb, Mount Whitney, in
lare; 29th, Damascus, Visa.ia; 30th, Porterville,
Porterville.
Ancient Order of United Workmen.
Two circulars touching in concise lansuage on
the new plan of classified assessments, prepared
by 11. C. S« ssions, gruud overseer and editor -of the
Dakota Visitor, have been issued by the supreme
Lodge.
Next Tuesday the adjourned session of the
Grand Loige will be held in this City to pass upon
the classified assessment plau. The session, it is
thought, « ill last but one day.
The Grand i odges of 'lexas, Louisiana and Ar
kansas have adopted toe new plan oi rssessments,
and the lira, d Lodge of Ohio will also adopt it.
Ibe grand master of Wisconsin i a issued a cir
cular on tne new plan /end has la .en his language
from an article • n the subject that appeared hi the
Culiforn.a Workman. That paper is given fu.i
create
Past Grand Master Workman Danfor.h returned
from a tour East and turough Yellowstone l'ar».
Upon his return he was given a reception oy s»par
tan Lodge On that occasion Grand Recorder
jlirsrilKrt; explained the classified asss^sment
plan to the members.
The grand recorder talked to the members of
Valley Lodge on the new plan V\ ednesday. Past
Grand Jfaxier \\ orkman Brewer and Gra:id Over-
Seer Scnaffner also addressed the meeting.
Ihe iate C. H. . . Curry was an active worker in
the order and at ihe time of his death was one of
the corporate direc.ors
l lios- who have a right to do so can see copies of
the revised secret wort£ at the office of the grand
recorder.
Workman's Guarantee Fund.
There will be no assessment for the month of
Sep ember.
This association's moving aJongquietly taking in
new members. The officers feel confident that as
Boon as me new classified rules are put into opera
tion by the Workmen the membership in the
Guarantee Fund will increase.
The Degree of Honor.
An assessment of * 1 has been levied on all ben
eficiary members. It will be delinquent on the
28th of >epiember. This is for the second death
in the order that has occurred in three years.
Ivy Lodge reports a meinb r.shipof 144.
Mis. Annie Ward of ivy Chapter, who is in
Placerville. reports gooa prospects for organizing
a lod&e in hat place.
Kxceisior Lodge has moved from Shiels' building
to Excelsior Hall. 2319 Mission street.
Native Sons -of the Golden West.
At an entertainment given on Saturday, the
22d, by Hesperian Parlor, there was a presentation
of a handsome flag, the presentation speech being
made by John Schroth.
Mission Parlor celebrated its twelfth anniver
sary last Friday nighi by a party.
Last Tuesday evening there was a rousing meet
ing of Athens Parlor, No. 195 In Fraternal Hall,
Oakland. Th( re was considerable business in con
nection with the Admission day celebration trans
acted. The parlor will have a prominent position
in line and it expects to mane a fine showing and
to that end the committee of arrangements will
strive to its utmost. C. D. Maaoney, Ben F. Wool
ner, H. B. Belden, C. H. Oilinger and H. F. Wil
ley, whose brother, J. W. Willey of Stockton, is
secretar of the celebration.
The fol.owing named have been elected mem
bers for Athens Parior: John 8. Cone, James E.
Cone, B. F. McElroy and C. L. Brockbage. To
morrow night this p.rlor will hold Kb last meeting
prior to the celebration, when all arrangements
will be completed.
The entertainment of Mission Par or No. 38 last
Friday in Mission Par or Hall.it being the occa
sion of the twelfth anniviTjary of the parlor's in
stitution, was a grand affair and was w> 11 attended.
California Parlor bad a grand time at its smoker
last Wednesday night. There was a splendid pro
gramme of music, vocal and instrumental, much
of it contributed by artists from the local theaters.
It was i»s a member expressed it, "a very high
jinks," and ever> body enjoyed It.
Assistant Grand secretary J. J. Jamison was
the sire and James Dockery, Milk Inspector, and
Ben l_»avis. Market inspector, were the policemen
who were empowered to keep order, '.these
officials did their duty well.
'Ihe re.vi ed ritual will be ready for distribution
on the Ist of September, and will go into effect on
the 15th of the month.
The following shows each year the celebrations
by the order since 1875: sau Francisco, «ausa;i.o,
San Francisco (by California Parlor). s>an i-ran
cisco (by California Parlor>. San Francisco (by
Oakland, Sacramento and ftan Francisco parlors),
Oakland (by Oakland and Sacramento parlors),
Marysville, Sacramento, Santa Kosa, fcau Jose,
N'apa, Santa Cruz, mwh i.osa, !-au Francisco,
Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz, San Jose and
Sacramento.
Charles A. Boldeman is preparing for the cele
bration a sixt ;. -four page paper, which will be
issued by the 4th, and will contain a full history
of ihH order from the time of its organization down ]
to date. It will also contain a complete guide of
the city of S.ockion, and tell what will be done
there. It promises to be the most extensive ac
count ever prepared, and it will be illustrated with
a great number of half-tone pictures.
The badges for the general committee of the
celebration have, after a close examlna.ion of a
number of designs submitted, been selected from
designs subnfitted by .\orcross. They are red and
gold and embroidered with gold thread. Each
badge besides has embroidered on it, "General Com
mittee. AdmlZ'iion Lay. Beptember 9, 1898, Stock
ton,"' and nnderuea.h the rank of the wearer. The
same designer has furnished exquisite b idges tor
Pacific, Nian:ir and Vallejo parlors. That of Paci
fic is in the carnival colors, that of Niantic lilac
and Nile green, and that of Val.ejo old rose and
the new color Mikado.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Mrs. Georgie Ryan, the energetic grand secre
tary, is just recovering from a severe attack of ill
ness, which prevented her for three weeks from
devoting continuous attention to her duties. ' On
the sth she will leave the City for a vacation of
two weeks at Soda Springs.
Buena Vista Parlor at Its meeting .'asi Thursday
nlgbt decided not to parade at Stockton on Admis
sion day. The members are anxious to know who
it is that started the story that they would parade
on that day, attired In white silk dresses. The
meeting was graced by tne presence of Grand
FINANCIAL. 1
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wnbtLocK & CO.,
«* Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1954.
branch office ysms&i&aaaSm,
138 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. 8. PUBUY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on . latest ; market quo- '
tation*. P.efortnce Ist National Bank, S. F. ->
UUCAOO. . . VJUVATK WIKJS. . tf JSW TCO&SU
President Mrs. Mary E. Tlllman and District De
pnty Mrs. Julia A. stelnbach.
Last Tuesday night the tull dress party given by
Orlnda Parlor was a very grand affair, and was
heightened by the presentation of a handsome
American flag.
Fremont Parlor gave a very pleasant party last
Thursday evening.
Miss i.illis of California Parlor or Sacramento
was in this City last Frida • and paiti a visit to ihe
office of the grand secretary.
.La Ks:rella Parlor closed its charter with sixty
four names on the ro.L '1 his parlor has made re
markable progress, and at Its last held meeting
s,t Teral applications were presented. The per.-on
ne. of the parlor is its chief attraction. The mem
bers expe t to take part in the parade at Stockton
on the 9 h of September; and if the idea suggested
is carried out tt will make an attractive and novel
display. It will be a representation of a living
star, and will be * beautiful feature.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Dr. E. G. Case visited the
courts in Mendocino County during the past week.
High Court Hub- Ranger Boehm was in Sacra
mento last Friday.
Court Star of Redwood City will at Its meeting
on Friday evening next initiate tweuty candidates.
Court Occidental had a pleasant reception and
social on the evening of the 17fh inst.
The board or deputies nil, give a social on the
evening of me 3d of September.
Court Sherwood Forest Initiated several candi
dates at its last held meetine and received several
applications lor membership.
i,asi Tuesday evening Court Bohemian conferred
the degrees on a candidate.
Court .Lincoln will act on five applications at Its
meeting next Thursday ni^hl.
Court Kensington has changed Its place of meet
ing irom Duvenick Hall to Stanford Hall, on Va
lencia street, ai its last held meeting this court
Initiated two candidates.
During the past week William Robertson, past
chief ranger of Court Pride of San Mateo; Thomas
Symonsof Court Castle Kock of Redding, and
Robert J. Lord of Court Fort Bragg were visitors
at me office of the permanent secre.ar- .
Dr. Dooala McLennan, court physician of Court
Camoens of Honolulu for three. years past, leit the
Hawaiian Islands to take a Government position
in the hospital in Rocontango, South Sea Islands.
The High Court of the vv orid held its session in
Dundee, Scotland, daring the early part of the
month i here were deltga.es from almost nil
parts of the world, Including Africa and British
Honduras. The courts in British Hond ras and in
Honolulu were granted permission to adept the
ritual recently adopted by this jurisdiction.
Companion* of the Forest.
Loyal Circle of Companions of the Forest,
branch of the A. O. F. Friendly Society, gave a
surprise party last week to Supreme Grand Secre
tary Mrs. Florence .N. ilorrow, Mrs. Ksllp and
George Corwin, In honor of the anniversary of
their birth, that of three named occurring on the
same day. It proved to be a most enjoyable
affair.
The party given by Justice Circle last Thursday
night was a social, and a financial success as well
social Hall was packed io its utmost, and one
member blasted oi the sale of 'JUU tickets.
Next Wednesday the members of occidental
Circle will give a par.y in ssoci. 1 Hall in i oresters'
building, and from the preparations tnai have
been made it is evident that *ue ad v intend that
this shall be the equal, if not the superior, of any
given by the circles this evening.
houeuiian circle a uelightful party last Sat
urday nignt, and will give an entertainment on the
night of tiie 12th oi September.
olympian Circle will give a party on next Satur
day nignt.
The first quarterly report of ihe eleventh execu
tive board of the supreme Grand Circle of Califor
nia hab been printed and distributed by tne
supreme secretary to all entitled to receive the
same, in a very concise njauner. it presents ail
the transactions of the Grand Circle, »..d gives
n.uch valuable imorniulio.i to the members of tue
order. It is embellished with half-tone pictures of
the grand officers.
Foresters of America.
The members of the visiting board will shortly
begin their annual visus. The various courts
nave been assigned as foiiows: Those in Sacra
men.o, Placer, Nevada and Xl Dorado counties,
together with portions of Alanieda and San Fran- I
Cisco counties will be visited by J. B.W. saund.-rs. I
grand sub-chief ranger; the courts in Lake, Napa, I
Solano, Yolo and an Mateo counties, together
witn portions of Contra Costa, Alanieda and San
Francisco counties by K. L. fc'orster, grand record
ing secretary; the c> uris in C'olusa. Vuba, suiter,
Buite, iehaina and Slskiyou counties, together
with portions ot Alanieda and san . rancisco coun
ties by J. saruues, grand sen. or woodward; the
courts in aaa.ra, Fresno, Kings, Kern, Stanis
laus, Mar n and Sonoma counties, together with
part of San Francisco by 1.. a Harrison, grand I
jun.or woodward; the courts in Ciara j
County, wiili a portion o those in Santa Ciuz
(ouii... by i.iias Ho.den, grana senior oeadle; tue ;
courts in Los Anodes, crauge, S.<n iiiego, River
side ana San Btrrnar mo couuties,\vith portions of
>antu Barbara county by Dr. W. >.. Welaon, grand
junior b. au c; the courts in san Joaiju.n, Amador,
i i.!avirus and Tuoiumne coumies, together wiih
portions of Contra I osia, Alameda and Sau 1 i au
< isto coun.ies by ~. i~ Waller, trustee; the
courts in Mouurey and san i.vis obispo counties,
together wih por.ions ot Santa Croz aud ftaut*
Baroara count irs by James X, I ox, t^rand trustee;
the courts in Humooldt and Mendocino counties
by uuo U, Gregor. grand trustee.
Information has been received by the grand
secretary that the lon -.ook- U lor new rituals will I
h issued shora and that the same will be in gen- i
erai use throughout the order by the first of Jan
nary iit.it.
'iiie vies for the new jewels for past chief ran
gers have been completed a..d contracts Jor the
niauuiac u.eof the jewe.s will be let during the
coming week.
i<uii..g his vacation Grand Secretary Bremer
visited court Bonder Creek >o. 1530f boulder
' CreeK and thoroughly instructed the offices in
{ rltua.istic work.
ihe junior courts have been more than active
during tue past week, on last Monday even ng
Junior court Pride of California .No. 1 enterumed
its many friends with an excellent programme
and social. One of the features oi the evening was
ihe presentation of a handsome silver mounted
cane by 1 ii.man R. Herring on benaif of the court
to J. W. Glead-il, J. P. c. H. The committee cou
sis ing of Joseph L^ckenbacu, i. K. ijerrint:, A.
Valentine, i. He.nemau ana M. Nathan muv we.l
feel i roud of the success which attended its efforts,
on i buraday evening las: ihiseuerget.c conn ira
ter.ialiy visited Junior > ouri Vouuk America >d.
2, in tue Potrero opera-bouse, where ti.e visitors
were received in a gruud lorestic mi.n ti. the
members of No. 2. vied with eaten other to enter
tain their guests, and after an elaborate pro
gramme ali adjourned to the banquet loom, wuere
I the wants of t..e inner man, or rather Ooy. w. re at
tended to. for it must be understood that the mem-
I bership .n the junior brunch o. the oider is limited
to boys b tv\een the ages of 12 ana 18 years.
Aiiiong the viaiu.rs at the grand secretary's
office during the pa.->t week were .luil.e C. P. Ren
don oi >lo- Kton, deputy supreme cuief ranker of
the Mate of California, ana Leon Hart, ireasurei
of Court Vosemite in Fresno.
Tiie past week has been one of social activity.
On Saturday, couri Juo.ice No. 16 banqueted it's
fr.ei.as; on Monday, social and entertainment by
Golden t.raCircie No. Io3; o.i Tuesday, banquet
by Aurora No. 2; on Wednesday, entertainment
*ud -ocial by Pride of Columbia Circle .no. z!,9.
on Thursday, high jinks and smoker oy Court i e
fiance No.' '^8, and an entertainment by Kxce.sior
Circle No. 2; on Friday, an entertainment and
social by Acme Circ • No. '^01.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
The Great Council of the United States will
kindle its fire in Minneapolis on the Bth of Sep
tember, ihe representatives from the reservation
of California, Past Great Sachems O. F. Seavy, a.
Jackbon, George W. l.ovle and Frederick Brandt, [
will leave for the city named on Thursday next, j
They will take with tin m a memorial from the I
Great Council of California to the Great Council of
the United Slates urging the passage of the pro
posed amen iment which will al.ow palefaces ot
the age of 18 to membership.
Tue adoption earn of Modoc Tribe, composed of
eighteen members, accompanied by seventeen
members of the same tribe, went to Vallejo on
Saturday and there adopted four palefaces for the
la<tt-nained tribe in first-clas- style. The members
of Otonkah Tribe of N'apa paid the sitting tribe a
visit id a body.
Reports of increase in membership have been re
ceived from the following named tribes-. Osho./ee,
< Bald £agle, irohonachee, Sotoyome, Momtzuma
andM odoc.
At the meeting of the Arapaboe Tribe on the
'20 th inst.. J. Fowzer, the sachem, on benaif of the
tribe, presented to Past Great Sachem Fred.
Brandt a gold-headed cane In recognition of the
many services he has rend< red In the past.
Among the visiors that night here were Great
Junior Sagamore George W Collins and H. B.
Jennings.
At the meeting of Modoc Tribe last Thursday
night «. Solvin, who during the term brought In
the greatest numb-r of members, was presented
a life-sized | ortrait of himself, J. G. Trapp, next
in order, was presented with a finely embroidered
chief's resaliu. Prizes were aso awarded to <;ua
Martin, junior sagamore, and N. A. Lewis, past
sachem.
During the month of September Great Sachem
J. -ims will visit but one council, and that will be
Weimer Council In Grass Valley on ihe SOth of the
month. During October he will visit as follows:
Wyoming Tribe, Nevada City, Thursday, < ctober
1, Ponemah Council. Nevada i ity, ThursJav,
October 1: Ceonotha Council, Gr»ss Valley, Satur
day, October U; ,eka Tribe, Yreka, Monday, Octo
ber 6th; iona Council, Yreka, Tuesday, October 6:
Cosumnes Tribe, >a< ramen:o. Thursday October
8; Red Jacket Tribe, Sacramento, Friday, Octo
ber .9; Miami Tribe, Am urn. Monaay. October
12; Delaware Tribe, Newcastle, Tuesday, Octo
ber 1.-s: Kaw-Wah-Mta Council, Mockton. Wed
nesday, October 14; Iroquois Tribe, Stockton,
Thursday, October 14.
The entertainment given by the Daughters of
Montezuma last week was successfully carried
out. Uuring the evening there were tableaux and
dancing.
There was r large attendance at the bonbon
party given last week by the members Of Alfatata
Council.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
The first of the series of the visitation meetings
arranged by Grmnd Councilor boehm was held
last Thursday evening in the hall of Social Coun
cil, when Past Grand Councilor T. H. O'Brien pre
sided. A very interesting addre.-s was delivered
by Past Grand Councilor H. W. Button. After
the address there was a fine programme of song
and music. The next meeting will be given in
, the hall of Pacific Council at 817 Mason street,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 3IONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
next Friday, when District Deputy Walter N.
Brunt will preside. The initiatory team will that
nigh, initiate several candidates.
'ihe executive committee met in Sacramento
last Friday and during the evening paid a visit to
Friendship council.
On heevennu of the 22d inst. Deputy Hartley
of Sacramento went to Franklin aud initiated ».x
Candidates for the council th re.
'lne members of C. H. Randall Council have
been ordered to meet In Oakland next Tuesday
evening, when the council will be dissolved and
members transferred to other councils.
United Ancient Order of Druids.
The annual ball given by Laurel Grove in Union
square Hall was a very successful affair. The
committee of arrangements woii for itself the
commendation of all who attended for the hand
some decorations and splendid entertainment fur
nished.
At Its last meeting Templar Lodge initiated one
I candidate and conferred the second and third de
grees. Galileo Grove las'; week received several
appl. cations and conferred the degrees.
Past Arch H. Meyer N. Meyer of Walhalla Grove
called on the grand secretary last week and stated
that the grove named Is still in the frout rank.
He promised a flue exemplification or the work
when the grand offl ers call.
The transfer card was submitted at the recent
session of th • Supreme Grove and It was adopted
by the supreme hoJy. It will prove of great bene
fit to this jurisdiction^
Young Men s Institute-
Los Angeles Council has moved into the Wilcox
building.
on the night of the 24th Inst. a meeting of >ue
grand directors and representatives from the vari
ous City councils met and dlscusted the proposi
tion to change the location of the office of the
grand secretary and the library and readtns-room.
As a result of this conference the grand secretary
and the library and reading-room will after to-day
be on the fourth floor of the Parrott building and
remain there until such time as permanent head
quarters are selected. Grand Secretary Stanley
will be in ronm 424.
The Board of Organizers met last Tuesday and
districted the City for the be. ter carrying out of
the work for which it was organized.
Mission council will hold an open meeting in the
hall of Mission Parlor on the night of the 11th of
September.
The social aud entertainment by Phil Sheridan
Council will be given in Mangels' Hall on Wednes
day next.
The first lecture under the auspices of the lec
ture bureau will be given by Pioneer Council in
Metropolitan Hall on the evening of Admission
day.
The following named were among the visitors at
the office ol the grand secretary: Geor«e A. Stan
ley, T. M. Uivinyof Capitol council of Sacramento,
Brother Campbell of S.ockton Council, Richard
White and John Dunn of Grass Valley Council.
Independent Order of B'ne li'rith.
A meeting of representatives from the various
City lodges wa< heid last Thursday evening for the
i consideration oi proposed plans for the endowment
j fund. F. Sperling of Occidental Lodge was chosen
chairman, F. Zekind of Unity Lodge secretary and
L. Bernstein of Golden. Gate Lodge assistant secre
tary. Ihe maiter Wis discussed at some lengtil,
and it was decided that each lodge submit a plan.
Among the prominent speakers of the evening
were William saalburg of Ophir 1.0 ige. J. Brown
| of Mod in Lo ige; J. Schnitze.r of Pacific Lodg< j , 8.
j H. r-chocken of Mouteflore LoJge, H. Newman of
! Co'umbia Lodge, L. Bernslei.i Of Golden uate
I Lodge, H. Rubai of California Lodge, H. i nkei of
I Unity Lo ve, S. S. Green of Cremieux Lodge and
S. silver-.tein of Occidental Lode.
! i-r. >chocken submitted a plan in writing, H.
S. Simons Of Ophlr Lodge and A. Blumenthal
promt ed to submit a plan at the next meeting,
Mr. Enitel gave the outlines of a plan on he c.as
| sitied lines and Mr. Snversteln and Manhrfim
Marks each agreed to present a plan at tne meeting
Ito be held on the 10th of >ep ember. It U probable
; that al. the plans that will be offered Will be placed
! in the hands ot a comma tee to se.ect from ea. h the
! best points and prepare a plan th.it wilt meet the
1 views of the great majority of the membi rs of the
order. It Is pro) o>ed that this pun shall be offered
at tb - next session of the District Urand LmUe as
a substitute lor :be plan offered by thespe i .1
committee and which has met with much con
dem a:i n— ihe Eltus plan and the Morse equal
ization plan.
J. L. Franklin, president of the hall association,
has return<-u from his month's sojourn a: B.wilea
Springs very much improved in health and in ap
-1 pearauce.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
In consequence of politics matters In Junior
American circles have been very quiet of late.
"The boys, ' said a prominent officer of the order.
"are all auen'iiui; club meeiin.-s and have given
thecoun. Us the :<i by nntil after the elect.en."
The smoker and high jinks recently Riven ny C.
S. Grant Conned was one that was greatiy enjoyed
by all who attend id.
Last Tuesday Luster Council sr-ive a smoker In
its council hall in Oakland a: >l there was a large
atti-ndnnce and n cr. a de;ii of fun.
I On thp evening ot the 1 lib the members of Call
; fornia Council of the Dau.hters of Liberty will give
i an entertainment In Litirei i .«■-,■- n.el< building,
in aid of the mnd for the sick and of the funeral
fund.
Woodmen of the World.
The biennial ses ion of the bead camp of the
order was brough to a close In Helena, Muni., re
j cently. A number of new laws were adopted and
these will, in the opinion of those who introduced
nnd supported them prove of ereat benefit to tne
order at lar. c. The next session of the bead camp
will beheld in San r'ranciscoin 1896.
The members of i.edwood Cump and some of
; their friends went on a yach.in^ excursion on the
I bay on Sunday, the i!itd inst. There were 150 I
in the par y and a most deli: htful time was hud. I
as the day was al that c-uld be<i< sire i for >\w\> an
event. .' here wis mus c. dar.cirrg and a fine col
lation. The party re.urned al 6:30 o'clock.
Friends of the Forest
Redwrod Parlor No. 1 and Pioneer Parlor No. 2
have taken steps to prepare a ritual and have ap
pointed a committee for that purpose.
A petition containing the nan -s of forty who
wish to become charter members of a r.ew parlor
in this IKy has been received The par. or will be
in -tuted next week. An arjnilcatii nto torm a (ar
lor in the southern part of the State has a. so been
rec> lved.
Pioneer Parlor, only three months old, has a
membership of 100 nnd has SlOO in its treasury.
By-laws were adop ed at the last held meeting
and It was df-cimd to provide *100 for uncial
benefits. This i arlor will give its first party in
St. George's Hall next Tv sday.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. L. J. Wheelock was one
of the visitors to Bay City Lodge at this time.
Mr. and Mrs. George J. Vtnoqpt have returned
from their trip to Napa County.
In this order, as in nearly all orders, the political
situation is taking up so muihof the attention of
members that the attendance on meeiing-nlgnts,
where the membership is confined to men, is quite
slim: but where the ladies are members, as in the
Knights and Ladies of Honor, the attendance is
better, because the Indies go to the meetings.
The n>-t liabilities of the order on ihe 15th of
Au list were $7'ii, - J63. The aggregnte of benefits
pa d up to : hat amXM was 91 l.:-t92,510.
Reports from all p..rts show that while there Is
no spurt rush in the order at this time there is a
continual, uteady Increase.
in the Octooer issue of the Sentinel, the olficiajr
organ, tn<>re will be published a report of the
supreme Lodge propagating commit.cc.
iigurej furnished by r-uprense secretary Harvey
show that during the firs three months of the year
since 1891 there have been deaths in the order
21i4, 217, *28. 230, 277 and 307.
Knights of Honor.
The office of the Knights of Honor In St. Ann's
Building had on it the insignia of mourning last
week out of respect io the memor.v of the late
grand reporter, C H. M. Curry, whose funeral
iook pace from the Central M. £. church last
Saturday.
Independent Foresters.
Court Southern Heights pniri a fraternal visit to
Court Mission on the occasion of its last held meet,
ing and a very enjoyanie evening whs spent h all.
Several members of the order favored the courts
with fcougs, and the rend tion of these was very
acceptable. It is these visKs that help to main
tain the eood tprlinc; that ought to always exls. in
all organizations of a irateriiai character. A little
mo eof this spirit and .ess of jealousy would do
mucii to forge firmer the chains oi brotherhood.
iin the evening of the 24ih of sepcemb r Court
Mission will give a social aud dance, on which oc
casion Chief iianger McKlfresh will be the guest
of honor.
Knights of the Maccabees.
State Deputy 8. W. Hall recently organized a
subordinate tent at Santa Cruz with a large char
ter ro!L
Last Wednesday night Golden West Tent
initiated a number of candidates and received
several applications. Tnls tent, which has on its
roil the names of many prom me it business men,
promises to become the largest in the State.
Modin Tent admitted three candidate! to mem
bership last Thursday night. I here were a nuru
b rof visiting Sir KnLhta present, and some of
these delivered addresses.
Mrs. H. Cook, deputy of the Lady Maccabees,
has instituted a hive at the Mission.
Order of Pendo.
During the mon h of August eighty-five appllca-y
tloas for membership were filed with the various
councils of the order for membership.
Supreme secretary Duden was unable to leave
for his southern trip last week, but expects to be
able io go within a few days
A new council w?s instituted In Alamo, Tex on
the 18th inst. The councilor Is J. l. Newt'ou
secretary, Mrs. Cora Langford; treasurer J F*
Marshall. . • *.
American Legion of Honor.
On the Ist of last July the emergency fund of
the order, one to gu rantee the payment ot death
losses, amounted to #515,893.
The initiations in New York during July reached
Durinz the past week four death losses, amount
»np i; 1 the aggregate to $9000, were paid in this
Protection Council inltitted one candidate last
week Myrtle Council had a large attendance at Its
last held meeting. Golden touncll was visited by
Grand < ommander Filben and Washington Coun
cil held a vtty interesting meeting, at which Dr.
A. S. cook, commander of the council, and Past
Commanders Winn and Cooper entertained those
present.
ROME DENOUNCED
AS INTOLERANT.
Spirit, of the Church De
clared Opposed to Amer
ican Principles.
HUDELSON EULOGIZED.
W. T. Fleenor Says He Has Re
ceived the Indorsement
of Millions.
LIKE THE FUSION OF OLD.
Monday Night's Meeting Compared to
the Alliance of Jews and Romans
to Crucify Christ
The attendance at the Good Citizenship
meeting yesterday afternoon was much
larger tdan it had been for several weeks
previously. The admission fee had been
dispensed with and this, combined with
the extra efforts which the committee has
been making to advertise the meeting,
had much to do with the large number
present. Chairman Quitzow commented
hopefully on the increased attendance,
and urged those present to see to it that
the meetings continue to prow.
Rev. W. T. Fleenor of Seattle, who has
frequently occupied the platform, was the
speaker of the alternoon. riis topic wat,,
"Is the Papal Church in America Tolerant
and Patriotic?"
As a prelude to his address Mr. Fleenor
remarked on the fact that the record of at
tendance of seventy-five had been broken.
"I feel," he said, "that we are advancing; j
that we are going to advance still more." j
In reference to the press reports of nis j
previous lectures Le said thit he had no !
fault to find with the quality, but he ob- j
jected to the quantity. He didn't like to
be crowcied into a column, but would j
prefer something more comprehensive.
"I have sympathy, but not a bi» of pity,"
he saiii, "for the man who when you begin
to analyze his position sets uu the pitiful ■
wail of persecution. lam jriad that every j
department oi this Governr.ient is op°n
to public inspection and 1 am in favor of
every institution that makes a pretense at
doing business with this Republic being
open to public inspection* We are right
ing principles, not individuals, save as
they hold ideas and havi- practices that
are dimetrically opposed to the principles
of this country. Sometimes in eradicat
ing an evil it is necessary to remove an
agent.
"I would not refer to the person who oc
cupied this platform last Monday in lit if j
he had not said in his next lecture he .
would attend to my case.
''Wasn't that a wondeiful fusion of Jews !
and Romans lasi Monday nignt? It car- i
ried one back to tne time when the Jews !
and tne Romans Dulled to crucify our j
ISavior. Yorke >ays Fleenor lias come ali i
ihe way from Seaitie to save Ban Fran- j
Cisco from tne Ji suits ami the Pope. God |
knows they need it. He tooK occasion to j
say that '.he man who stands at tue head j
of the American Protective Association
was a man whose name is unlit to be men
tioned in decent society. This whole
thing is a libel of Rome and the devil. I
am not here to indorse any man, but I
wunt to say that Mr. Hudelson is an ac
credited minister of his denomination. I !
want, to say further that he has been in
dorsed by the Baptist Ministers' Associa
tion. Tins means tnat he has the virtual
endorsement of the enure denomination I
in the country, comprising over 4,ikjo,ouO |
of the best citizens of the world. Tim j
whole matter wa^ gotten up, not to smite
Mr. Hndeison, but to brins: down the
cudgel up >n tne head of every American
in this country and upon the head of
every member of this society."
Mr. Fleenor criticized the statements of
Father Yorke in regard to tne marriage of
Protestants. Tue speaker said that ihe
churcn oi Rome regarded such marriages
as legal, because they could not mtenere
with American law, but claimed that the
church did not consider them binding ac
cording to ecclesiastical law. He said that
Father Yorke in his efforts to cite ca
nonical iaw referred to no books, but
caileu upon the people to take his unsup
ported word.
The whoie spirit and history of the
Catholic church, he claimed, was opposed
to the i.ea that it wa-s tolerant and
patriotic. The church, lie declared, was
a limitless monarchy, and as such could
not logically indorse American instiiu- |
tions. Quotations from papal letters were
read, ana extracts from Louis Jouin's
"Evidences of Religion" were cited exten
sively in support of these contentions.
The speaker concluded with an admoni
tion to the audience to stand by ibeir
country and the principle? of the Ameri
can Protective Associa ion.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs EW Hester.Newmn H Shaw, N V
L Solomon, hresno A .. Baker, Red Bluff
R J i /ider, Vallejo H A schram, St Helena
Miss Millard, >, \' a Go «lman Jr <fe w, Napa
J Gick, stoikton Dr J Tv ly, Stockton
HC i lark, N V H O'Brt -jri. Los AngeUs
Mrs H Abbott, NY O Hiher, Sacramento
H Flemiuiug, Xl Paso C Gordon, El Paso
J A Conuor, Oakland
i PALACE HOTEL.
S D Martin, Mom a H Stephens, Mont
D Merklyoho, Mont H Apdyke, N«^v
W L i-aune. Denver W \. McMllner, Denver
S W Me*, a'l & vv, Kans Ll> Aj-slt-y it w, Kans
C R 'le-U, Chicago bG iliiborn. Oakland
H P Cross, Sti.tnord R Smoot, Provldi-nce
W D 'looey, v. arson C Muses & w, Carson
EI) Peters Jr, Boston S J Johnson, Cincinnati
N 1' Chipniiin. KeU Bluff i-. Pearce <fe w, R i
P A.laire, Alinn J K. ueorge, Chicago
W E call, N V F G Watz, Los Augeles
C Monroe, i.os Angeles
COSMOPOLITAN HOTKL.
H G Cross, New York UL Martin, Porterville
R Hansen it wf. Salinas Miss Hunsen, Sal nai
Mrs i Oiz, t'resno 8 Fielder, Denver
E S Pique, Chicago W L Warnekros, Kresno
T Calla^han, lleno G E Witt. Bnkersfl la
J Bush, Stockton R Hamilton, Chicago
J TAshle. &f, San Jose W CJ Andrews, San Jose
Dr J i.ice. Carthage, Mo G Fowler, Merced
H O lbtrt, Ryde a Smith <fc wf, sacto
Mrs Shannon, Stockton Mrs B W hlte. Riverside
Miss White, Riverside Mrs J Doran, Denver
J s i'otts, Chiciigo KW Fil.more, Bureka
L R steele, 1 racy F Curran, Portiund
C C Bai.gs. .New York L T Michael, Seattle
F A Burkhardt, Goshen
HKW WEaTERM HOTEL.
J P Peckham, Buffalo J F Stuart, Portland
W Blackburn, Stockton CJ Ri ynolds. Portland
G W lhomas, Chicago A Bowers, Victoria
J P Ryan, s>an Jo.s Mrs J A Marrlor, N V
V I orst, st Paul j.. Bowers, st Paul
G W Reed, Los Augeles G P Brady, Oakland
A F .>cott, Rio Vista R H Bonner, N V
C Stuberry, Selby MJ Uailace, N V
M Monani.n.AngelsCmp H Huff <fe w, Bou der
W v\' Crrycrofi.banJose F C HuiViuan, Boulder
W H B. nnea, LAngelcs CJ W Kiug, Murphy
C W iringle. L Angeles H Orady, Coos Bay
G saltonslall, , 'nston C WeCKs.rom, cal
X H White, Bosion
GRAND HOTEL.
A M Mullee, Mare Is and W J « ewart, Mare Islnd
W H Minf r & wf, 111 D B Keiser <fc « f, Tex
Mrs j H Wright, O C C Magines, Pe;aiuma
Miss L Wright, DC J C Farmer. Napa
U F Williamson, Cat J Masten, Tucson
D C Clark, Santa Cm! S Flint Sacramento
vV X Miller Jr, Selbys F Leghezzc, Cal
C C Whipple, Cai J t ranees, Cal
J Carroll, B.oomfleid H captain, -acto
M Adams, Sacto M N Newmark, Los Ang
J T i-race, San. a Rosa Stt Monka, Phi. a
G X Cilll. rhicngo L de 1 Duniicl, Inyo
Mrs G '1 hatcher & son, W R Johnson <fc son, Cal
Chicago G X Wi.hort. stock on
J R i. ainilton A wf, Cal H W Ha.ma & wf, SactO
W Bruce, Chicago W R Wilson, VI .torla
W F l'eterson, (sacto W Ciarrard, Angels c amp
A J Hart, San Jose 6 s Campbell, Woodland
A W Ptummer, co'usa J F Madden, Newcastle
C A Barton. San Miguel W F Clark, Eureka
J F Green, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
W M s«H, Ahwahnee O X Bunyon, Courtlana
Miss M A Parker.( ourtl'd X T Wilbur, Stanford
J M. Keefe, San Jose Miss .T urant, Ash .and
Miss E Victor. Ashland W P Hammltt, N York
X A Warren, Chico E V sanford. Merced
X rasper, Vallejo W N t'hester, USS Alert
Mr-.v,FAndersnn,s Lake Miss M: Anderson,* Lake
Miss \V AnderbOn.S Lake Miss V Ande: son, S Lake
Chas H Keyes, Pasadena Dr J Hcaly. Cong Spring
A M Dollar, San Rafael Mrs J PaUock. San Jose
J P Arnold, Sonora J E Chiids, Sacramento
G P Jaminson, Sacto O Hallert <fe w, Woodld
MrsCP Johuson.WoodldMiss B Johnson. Woodld
Miss BJohnson, Woodld J Markl^y, Geyservllie
August Putnam, ChicagoMlssDKSeymour.N York
Sam P Arndt, San Jose
Sawdust is turned into transportable
fuel in Germany by a very simple process.
It is heated under high steam pressure
until the resinous ingredients become
sticky, when it is pressed inlo bricks. One
man with a two horsepower machine can
turn out 9000 bricks a day.
-jjnsai eitsoddo nu aanpoicl win
•uoiiipaoaatant jo aßja.vaj atij, uaiui.u tti jHin*-»M
japioa pun jaiuums vi pdioadxa art -<utu Jjqjwd*
jeuuv.u 'itojoj ii|(ijoi!i«.-i am 01 2uiu«j djnesajd aqi
pun 'ouwpi jo.wmi.iiA u\ ( ,q2m... « miAV - »w«
•qojduit si go«-uo 10 u.jnos u|«j ■eirunAJiu paj|j«ut
1 jo funqoei iiijm pasojoui si M'i|,, alii nsi|M ing
! laiqwqOJil «i ujw 'it.«OD aqi ifuoin qinos puu qjjou
| pu-iixa sj«qosi aqi pus 'isnoo oiji Hcio'.b moi pa«
j jouaiui »tij u| qB|q si airißsajd aqi n.iq.vv *1MIO»
I aoiaumswA\ aqi uo »add« ]sjd in« su" !.«o'i,,
'fcurcj pan j.itirsa.u .{pnop A'q paiuxdiuooav pu«
I panaaajd A'unn-ti s| pu« ■omss,..irl *oi 01 vj.<| >j
I , ( MO[,, :jHi(,»rtA\ jiuj A'q iMiinMino.).)* jCi;hhsii hj
! pun djnvß.ufi o)jiauioj«q q~'iq suvaui ^|q,, pjo*
aqj, ■Hjiivtj.-d.ti.jj ißnba 'uanii p-niop jo 'smjaqt
•oil :ains!>ajd J|b |«üba jo s'uiod wunoj 's>mi
Plies jo 'BJBqosf -gjnoq a.\[o.t»i ibbU aqi jiuuup
: 'siiipdjp'mq pun eaipni u| .vO'in psiism jo *i|«.ia|BJ
j jo iunoiii« din 'Am it 'lj qjsaujopun asoqi- is/up
| en: jot «jn;«jt.jcluir>j tunruiXKui | .*;-noipn' : uoi)«is it
MjoSb del »qx *pu|.w «q; qi: « s»iu «u>U« aqx
•UIIIrtUB.UIJ
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States DepabtVent of j Agbicitl
tfbk, wxathkb jlurkal7, san francisco, Aug. i
SO, 1896, 5 P. M. , Weather conditions and general ' ;
forecast: '■' . : ]
;■ 'f he following maximum temperatures are re- j
ported from stations In California to-day :
Eureka — , Fresno 82. San Diego 84, .Red Bluff
74, >un Luis Obispo 84, Yuma 104, San Francisco
69, Lea Angelea 90.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 09,
minimum 56, mean 62. ■ ;
, A slight barometric depression Is central this
evonlus in Eastern Oregon and Southwes era
Idaho. Haln las fallen in the past twenty-four
hours throughout almost the er.t re state of Cali
fornia, Western Nevada and | In Oregon, Washing
ton ana Idaho. The rain in Northern California
has been unusually heavy for, this season of the
year, amounting to ha fan inch in the Sacramento i
Valley; 0.14 inches foil al Fresno last night. This I
probably cli I no damage, as ample warnings were i
given to the raisin-growers. ■■-», ...,.- •
• Forecast made at ("an I< rancisco tor thirty hours
"ending nildnipht August 31. IS9S: ;->■-■-■.„ ... .-
H Nor.hi-rn California— Showers to-night in the
north portion, followed b partly cloudy weather
Monday: fresh nortnwest winds: warmer in the
nor In ast portion Monday.
Southern California— i air Monday; fresh west
erly winds. ' *
Nevada— Rain to-night, clearing Monday;
warmer at Carson City.
Utah— Rain Monday; somewhat cooler.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Mon
day morning, generally fair during the day: fresh
to brisk westerly wind. .
:•'•;. W.H. Jlammos. Forecas: Official.'
v-».i_.-».^ M1.A...i.»13.
I)n!*>« of r>ep»rf ure From S»n Franclnco.
STKAMBR | DESTINATION. |
SAILS.
| PIRH.
stale ot Cal. I foruaaj ..
t. ar*ic» .... ; N • oor: ... ..
Tructcee.... Loos 8av.....
CHyPuebla. Vie <fc Pzl tina
Empire.;.-.". Oregon ports. .
m.t;. Rosa, san Diego ...
P0m0na..... nuraiM>nHH»»
S nraiion... ! \ anuln* Kir.,
Kio Janeiro. | China .t Japan
Araco ...... i'ooi jear.. ...'
nol ( i rays Harbor
Coo» 8ay.... .New Dor. . . . . ,v
Columbia... Portland ......
Arcata (Jrt-Kon ports
Walla Wall* Vie £ Pp Sna
Corona;:..'. 1 . San Die?o.;'.".V
Ail : Hl.iliAU [Pier
Aim- 31. t>A>i I PIT 11
Spd. 1,12 mil'ierS
Sept 1. Bam Pier a
Stpi, ,2. VI »i Her 1
.Sept 2.11 am Pier il
Sept *, 'zru Pier «
ept: 8. 9am flfifl
S-pt 8, 3fw P M 3 S
>»•)'<. 4.lUam Her IS
Sept 4.12 m Pier 2
sept, 4. 9am Pier 11
Sept 6,10 am pier -it
s>ept 6 ... .;..„.'...
: ept 6. 9am Pier 9 '
Sept 6.llAn|Pi»rU
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMER |
From
I Due
ranta kou. ....
llacklnaw ......
A ream .....\
•ration .......
F0m0na.........
Coos 8av;. ...:;.
Wall* Wa11a.. ..
C01uniD1a .......
C010n...........
t-linol ......;...
A rae0.... ..".....
Weeott.
Norm Fore...
C0r0na.....:....
Alice lll»ncn»ril
Kureica .".'.'.'.. '-.".'
State of Ca'......
Umat111a..,....-:
Kan i>i«eo>
r^roma..^.;.
Portland
Yannin* ta%r .....^
HamDoia: tar. ........
Newp0rt.'..:.".......... .
Victoria & Patret Mound
Portland . ....'.. ■."-.; ;
Panama....;......
urays itaruor ........;.
Coos Bay '.:.............
tCei K1ver.v.. .".;.... ...'.'.
Qomboidc 8ar. .........
t*an Diego..'.
Ore«;on ports
Newp0rt.. ".'..'...:;.....:
Por land. ; ; ...... ; ;;■.;.. .:
Clctorln A Pn«r(»t "Win
..a a,* 31
. AugSl
..Sept 1
. . Sept 1
..s*pt 1
..sept 2
..Sept 2
.. sept a
..Sept. 2
:.sept 2
..Sept 2
..Sept 3
..Sept 4
..sept 4
..Sept 5
.Sept B
..Sept 7
.•*ppt 7
SUN,MOON AND TIDE
1 P. CO»«T AVT> GFODKTrO.SnBVKT TtO^l
BCLLKTXJT PUBT.IHHKD BT OFFICIAL ■■•■■ V
A nTHOBtTY OP THK iSUPKRrNTKXDICWT. 3
Mond vv. August 31
8nnii5M. ..T... .:... 5.391 Moon'rlseV..'.;. ' 10.60pm
Kunsetn 6 401 Moon sets ' . •■
Aujunt- 1896.
Tlm<» Feet Time
S1 H \\ 7 .;■: I i...\y
Feet
Jlme
M. \V
Feet
I, W I
3l 7.3b 3.6 1 9.62 575 4.26 6.3 |
L W H W L H VV I
1 083 0.7 8.44 8.9 11.10 3.6 6.35 5.4
2 1.32 O.d 9.2b 4.1 12.44 3.6 6.62 6.5
3 2.24 0.1 9.59 4.4 2.00 3.5 S.i'i) 6.7
4 3.12—01 10.27 4.7 3.00 3.2 9.00 6.9
5 8.64— 0.2 10 66 62; 361 2.6 9.6b 6.0
6 1 CM —0.1 11.20 5.4 j 4.40 2.0 10.48 6.0
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the. day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column wives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract! ve
from the depth given by the charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
SUNDAY, Angust 30.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 7b hours from Astoria:
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Simr Point Arena. Johnson, 16 hours from
Albion aud wav- ports; pass and mdse. to Men
docino Lumber Co.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and m<!se, to J S Kirn ball.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlco son. — hours from
San Mmeon: uroduce, to Goodall. Perkins it Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, . 6 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall <ft Co.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen, 36 hoars from Huen
eme: ballast, to i o lard & Dodge.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 38 hours from Ven
tura; 651 6 bbl* oil, to Union Oil Co. Upriverdi
rect. Made the round t pln 67 hours.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 43 hours from Coos
Bay; pass and mdse. to J D Spreckela <fe Bros Co.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 14 hou/s irom Albion;
6U Mft lumuer. to Albion Lumber Co- 2uO eds
bark, ;o Bea lie <£ Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 16 hours from Cas
par; 1. 6 M ft, lumber, 76 eds wood, to Caspar Lum
ber Co.
Br bark Invergajry, Crombie, 64 days from
Newcastle, NSW: ballast, to Balfour, Guthr.e&
CO.
Sehr Bessie K. Anderson, 16 hours from Fish
Rock: bark, to J S Klraball
Schr Archie andFontie, Colstrup, 24 hours from
Stewarts Point;— eds bark, to Hlggins & tol
-Bchr Volant, Erratt, 6 hours from Pigeon Point;
wreckage, from the wrecked : - stmr ColooaDia. In
tow of the tug Alert. r ■>":."•; " . .
saile-!. ,
SUNDAY, August 3a
Stmr Weeott. Whitney. Eel River. .
■! ship Beech bank, Buchanan. London.'
; «er ship Al; air, Splile. Queenstown.
Bark Rufos X Wood. McLeod, Seattle.
-.-: Bktn 8 G Wilder, McNeili. Honolulu.
Bktn, Eureka, Paulsen, Seattle.
BkinArago, Greenleai, Puget Sound.
Schr Emma Claudina. Nielsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson, Iversens Landing.
/ ;.' irie;n'i 113.' .
POTNT. T.OBO I *. -'Aneust 30-1 J ".' ic— Weatn»r
cloudy; wind S\V; velocity 16 miles.
"omc<tie .'i>rt«-
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 30— Stmr Arago, hnce
Au ■ 28.
(iKKEXWOOD- Arrived Aug 80— 8tmr Alca
traz. hence Ante '29. ■ ' ■ - ■ ■
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Aug 30— Stmr Point Are
na, lor -an Francisco.
USA L— Sailed Aug 29— Schr Sacramento, for
San Francisco. '
EUREKA— Arrived An? 80— Stmr Pomona, he
Auz29. ••-'■■» •>
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 80— Br ship City of
Benares, om Swansea.
Movements of 1 Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
■ NEW YORK— Arrived Aug Stmr Schiedam,
from Amsterdam: stmr Amsterdam, from Rotter
dam. ' 'SMfi^MtnBWMRPKfBBMBV
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Aug 29— SJtmx
Virgin a. - - -•
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Aug 29— Stmr Kai
ser Wilht-lm 11.
HAVRE— Arrived oat Aug Stmr La Gas
cogne, ■
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Aug 80-Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
PRAWJjE : -Passed Aug 30— Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp for New York.
Jmi»ort-.f»tn-» i.
COOS BAY— Per Truckee— 49o tons coal, 1 tank.
43 bxs butter, 11 sks wool, 16 kegs 1 bbl syrup, 1
bx household goods, 1 bl pelts, 1 bx labels. 1 box, 1
sk coin, 1 chest. ; ■ ' ■ ■
HUENEME— Per TlUamook— 2379 sks barley,
800 sks corn, 633 ska beans, 1 cs dry goods, 2 oil
tanks, 3 bdls pelts, 25 cs ..oney.l7o sks wheat, 195
canary seed.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— ll3 kesrs
85 tubs 1»3 bxs butter, 'i kegs Ics sundries, 13 cs
meat, 35 cs lard, 12 kegs feet, —M ft lumber, 7
pkgs household goods. „„ .
Chetco-128 timbers, 6 logs, 8 bdls bides, S3 kgs
butter. ■' '-■ ■ ; •
. MILLS— Per Santa Cruz— 96 sks beans.
Arroyo Crande— 2Bs sks beans.
Nlpomo— 2346 sks barley.
Sauta Marla-664 sks wheat, 201 sks barley, 824
sks oats, 174 sks beans. '
Los Oil vos— 2l sks wheat.
Zaca— 2l6 sks wheat.
Lompoc— 9 sks dried fruit.
San Simeon— lo4 calves, 86 hogs.
FORT BRAGU— Per Novo-7 obis 4 cs empty
bo: . les, 1 bl household goods, 4- bdls hides. 2 bdls
pelts, 1 bx fish, 1 sk tails, 0 empty crates, 257,864
ft lumber, JO i M shingles.
MKNDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 3 bdls pelts
-62 green hides, 1 sk tails, 3 pkgs abalones.
Point Arena— l 2 pkgs binder, 8 pkgs mase, 7
dressed hogs, 23 bxs batter. 1 cs eggs.
Con«i"rn«»'**.
Per Truckee— J D Sprec'*els A Bros Co; H H Sat
ler&Co; Hilmer, Bredhoff ASchulz; Hills Bros:
Wells, Fargo <fc Co; Wlfl«nd Brewing Co; Legallet
& tielwiK; C E Whitney & Co; Huime & Hart; J L
Howard; sussman, Wurrmer & Co; A role Oil CO.
Per Tillamook— P Thomas: Field & Stone: Pa
cific Fruit Co; Erlanger & Gallnger; Mack & Co; A
Uerberdins & Co.
Per Crescent City— F B Bissinger Co:
De Bernardi <& Co: Dodge, Sweeney Co; Legallet
it He wig: Hilmer. Bredhoff <£ nchulz; Sbarbaro &
Co: Witzel & Baker; C E Whitney & Co: C U. Win
ning; Kuss, Sanders A Co: Norton, Teller <& Co; W
Clme; Thomas L< ,'hran: Hobbs, Wall <& Co: Ro
senblatt & Co; Tiilmann & Bendel : Wnle Bros;
O B Smith A Co: Heaidsb •re & .-onoma Co.
Per .-anta Cruz — >insheimer Bros; H Dutard: J
M Moore & Co: M Ehrman <& Co; S P Milling Co;
J P Thomas; Horn& Juaga; Roth, Blum & Co.
Per No o— W B Sumner & Co; Union Lumber
Co; W S Whlteside: Waidron <fc Mason; McPiier
son it I'.unvon.
Per • Point Arena— W B Sumner <& Co; Truman,
Hooker & co; Martin. Feusier & Co: Spurr & Wil
mot: Rohlffs & Gerdau; OBSmitn<&Co; Wilson
<& Baechtel: Ross«fc Hewlett: Dairymen's Union.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. -f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, {La! HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI >v
AUSTRALIA. U$.S, AUSTRALIA.
| . b. S. Ali.iJut.ij . sails ■ via HONOLULU aud
A UCKLAA D for SYDjN'EY. Thursday, September
17. at '2 p. m.
8. s. AC TRAHAfor HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 A.M. Special party rates.
. LInetoCOOLUARDIK, Aust., and C APKTO
South Africa.
3D. 3PRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
11* Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
O. R. o _cS3 IV*
ASTORIA AIPOBTLANa
56 Second Class, 412 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH 1 INCLUDED.
Colombia 5ai15. ...... ...Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 6, 15, 25
biate of California 5ai15.....: .".'...-.:.
;.... .......Auk. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, SO
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
GOODALL, PKRKINSACO.. Genl. Supts.
If. ¥. CONMOR. General A«ent,
■ ■:. ■■•-".•': 630 MarHet street,
PlClliC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >>£&_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as<fiaS£Z
follows: • ■
For Mar Island, Lorintr, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llstK'O and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (Bellin~ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. r M.
Auir. 2, 7, 13, 17. '22, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., atTai oma \vl:h N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. My., at Port Townsend with Aiaslca steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and 'Fields Landinsr (Hum.
bold t Bar) sir. Pomona 2 r. M., Aue. 1, 5. 9, 13,
17, 21, !r5, 29. and every four h day thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port ■ Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, can Pedro, East san
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a.m. Au-
gust 8, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 37, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ ,^aaMPNßjaiiiWtewp
For San Diego, stopping only ■at ■ Port ■ Hanofd
(San." Luis Obispo), .--an ta Barbara, Port Los An-
>eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m. August 1, 5, 9, IS, 17, 21, 26, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, La
Paz and Guayraas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after. ■■■ ■■.■.■-. ■ ■ ■ .(.;:.-■■ - .■ : ■
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. '
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents, • f
■ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAHSATLASTIQUB
French Ltn-> +0 Havr«. , ;
COMPANY'SPIER NORTH AgtK,.
KJ River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by <q«ry|g
this line avoid both, transit oy English railway aaj |
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small '
boat. New Torn to Alexandria, Egypt, Via Path, .
nnt-ciass 9 1 150: ■ second-class, »1 la ' " ' '
LA BOURGOGNE.... ............:: Sept. 5, 9 A. M. I
H'.M'--' .A. Sept. 12, 6 A. M. j
LA TOURAINK... ....Sept. 19, 7 a. m.
LA UABCOUAK Sept. v:6. 3 a. m. ;
LA BKETAGNK Oct. 3, 7 a. m.
JST For further particulars apply to • ' ■
: A. FOKGKT. Agent, .
No. 3, Bowling Green, Now York.
J. F. FUOAZI CO.. Agents, -5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■-.'.:.' '
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALI, A«l.
fortnightly for the West Indies and -£j3kS
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ■"*■*■• - •: /
-Through bills of lading, in connection with the ;
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany." ; ; • ■
Through tickets from San Francbco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 5195: third
class, *97 50. For further particulars apply to
. PARROTT A CO., Agent's. .^
' ' ■ ■-■■—■-.. 3<>" l-iili'ornlant.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3 Washington St.
At 6 I*. M, Daily, , ± reigtis received . up
; MS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. •
1 ihe only line ma^in^ through rates on Valley
Road freight. -••--■■■— ■'i.^.w. • ... ■
STKAMEKs:
T. C. Walker, • ■ ■:J. D. Peter*
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cau Kav. aud lmpc'Uo
U.S. NAVY-YARD. MARE ISL YALLEJO,
•Beniria, *P«rl. Cosfa, nrifkrti and *Valena.
_ n STR. MONTICELtO, "
? R " y , "rig t* - 4 J OO /- «■ o (Si.turtl.ys ••10:80
i-M.), ,\ 30 *;>,*■ bundays Bp. m. only. , Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone liTacK
■V*4 in* Bp. m. trips only. HATCH BK °-" ;
»» Excursion trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SA.\ JO E, (.OS GATOS & SASTA C8l!Z
SImOa I *,? LV J S ° LEAV f-^ PIER IDAILT
Tp ii A;if' (« "days «cepted); Alvlso daily at
«en'«£ - ( ?t« laySI ayS eXe P ted >- J Freight and Pas«
»n« f *» re . b « w «J«» Ban FrancUco and Al visa,
gota^l^s^Sn^^y P<r ± ~: - 0W -
RAILROAD IHAVEi:
MILL VALLEY AND MOIST TAMALPAIS
sto: railway.
ON AND AFTER THIH-DAY, AUGUST 27,
train will connect with North Pacific Coast
Kail road as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 a. M. ; ■ returning : arrive in s>a n Fran-"
Cisco 6:30 p. m. : Sunday : Leave . Han Francisco 9
a. m. and 1 :30 p m. ; returning arrive In San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p.m. Tickets can be secured
In advance of . - * ■ , ■r . • . . i.j-t-i. il»iagg
. THOS. COOK & SON, 621 Market st. - 
V RAILROAD TRAVTSI.2,
& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31,
And K very Fifth Day Thereafter
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry .a ainit foot -■ ■
Market St., at 8:00 p. m .
SPECIAL]; SI 0 Inolu Tourist Sleeper.
D/ITCQ ( QIQ Fl " l -flass, including
lI M I CO, ':O I 3 Eerth.^standard * \
For further Information apply at ala Mmrirat
street (Grand Hotel ticket, office), S. F. """*•*
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN
Gen. Traiflc Mgr. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOITUKRX PACIFIC CO9IPANT
(PACIFIC SYSTEM. I
- Tralni leave »ml me <lv« to arrive at
SAN I'UAXCIKCO,
havi ■ — From Juke 7. 1896. — arrivi
**6:OOa Niles, Bin Jose and Way Stations... 8:4 ,-5^
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og<leu and Hunt.. S-4.%»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Eumscr, Sacra-
mento, OroTille and Redding via
' Davis fl:4sp
. 7xoo a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6sls*
•:110a Nil Kan Jose, . Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Maryaville and Red
81uff............ 4:I!Jp
•8:80 a Peters ami Milton «7ilsi>
•iOOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
V Barbara and Los Angeles 4t4%r
8:00 a Martinez and Stockton.... 11:43 a
9:00 a Vallejo 6:IS
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Liver More 8:43.\
*l:O0p Sacramento River Steamers *0:00p
f 1 :3 Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43jp
, 4:00r Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Callstoija, El Verano tnd
Santa Rosa Vila A
•••Or Benicia, VacaTllte, .Woodland, ;
Knights Landing, MarysTlllev
- Orovillo and Sacramento ......... 10i45a
. 4i>«p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7il3p
4:3tp Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11*40*
Bi#f)pHew Orleans Kxprecs. Fresno, Baker*'
field, .Santii Uurbara,J,o» Angelet,
x)entiiig, £1 l'aso, New Orleans and
Sast lOiIOa
Siv*r Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 1 til 3 a
S:OOp VaUejo 11i43a
«:OOi- l'.uropean Ma.!. Ogden and Kast.... 9:434
6:O«i- IluywariU, Niles aud San Jose 7:43*
' |7:00p Vallejo .......; f7r.43p
7ioop Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Reeling, Portland, Puget
Bound and I'aat 10:48 a
' SAUTA < ItliZ IUVIsSON (Narrow (Jnupe;.
't7»45A Santa Cruz Excursion, Hants Cruz *
and Principal Way Stations tSt*sp
■ il A Newark, Ceiilervillo.Sun.lnae, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3«p
•Bil 5p Newark, Center ville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations Ml|3O<
|4:13r Newark. San .lose and Loo (jatos....
COAST DIVISION (Third A imvimenil SU.)
•6:4* A Sau Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
17i30a Sunday Excursion for San Jossv
Santa ' Cruz, Pacino Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations JtlMr
•tls>A San Jose, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
•'aciiic Grove, Paso Rubles, Sac
' ' f.iiis Obisno, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rO3p
|8:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:80p
IO:4Oa San Jo-' -id Way Stations 3:00p
11:3Oa Palo Alto anil Way Stations 3:30r
■2:3OpSan Mateo, Menlo Park, Haa Jose,
Oilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Criii,
Balinas,Monterey and PacißcCJrove *IO:4»a
•SiSOp San Jose, Pacifio Grove 'and Way
Stations - l; 30»
•4:30p Ban Jose *nd Way Stations.. •*...«*
0:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations ♦h:l l
C::tOi> San Jose auil Way Stations «::t."J.\
f11:45p San Jose an.l Way Stations 17:4.*, P
SAN Lt,AM>KO AND HAlfWAßlis LplAli.
4*6:00 a I ( 7:10 a
8:OOa I (0:4.1 a
iS;,mu Melrt«e,Bemlß»nP«rk, 'A iVl!^
"bISSp Fltehb rjr,S«Le»mdr» )*s£
3:OOp ■ . m » 4:43*
4:00p ' . ' 5:43p
g^ Harwar^. •;»;
. 7:«>Op 8:41?
9lS2p i Buns through to NBes. lolso'
\\XUl!ivJ tgromNUea. _ I. ttl2:oof
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Turn SiN mSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. H. Jl:00 *2:00 f3:CI
•4:00 15:00 *S:OOp.m. ■
Fr*m 01IL1I&— foot of BrwuJny^- *0:00 8:04
10:00 a.m. 112:00 "1:08 |8K)0 *3:00 tliol
'5:00 p.m. --■■-■
A for Kerning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
* Sundays only.
=• .ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
8 Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
% Sundays and Mondays from Santa Cms,
— : ~~ : ~ — ~~~ ; — : — ~ — ~~- •
W FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
ribnron Ferry-Foot of Market Sk.
( : San Francisco to San Rafael.
WBEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; I»'ML
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 P. M Thursdays— trip
at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. if.
BONDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:39,
6:00. 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a. m.-
-12:46,3:40. 6:10 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trial
at 1:65 p. m. and 8:35 p. m. . •
BUNDAYS— 7:BS, 9:Sai 11:10 a. lt: 1:40, 3:4*
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pars: s*ma
schedule as above. . . "**
B*n Francisco. Tti i.«fA^ I Ban Arrive
■an Franclsca r | Ban Franclsca
Wdkk j 6tw- **«£&**, Son- I Wns"
Days. | pays, BAY^ | DAyfc
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm! 9:30 am Peraluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm; 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~~~~ ' Fulton, ~~"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
. lOeyservllle,
8:80 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
. Pleta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
B:3opm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 PM 6:15 pm
7:30 am ' ~ ~~" 10:10 am
7 -.30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm - ■ 6:15 PM
7:30 am 7:30 am I Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
- I and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm { Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o AMI s. hMtonn . 110:40 am 1 10:10 AM
B:3Opm|6:oOpm| be ° aatopoL |.6:06*m1 6:15 PM
•' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Morlc West
Springs; •at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kflseyviile, Soda Bay and i-alceporc; at
Bopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy (springs, Saratoga Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter -
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bnck>
Hell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevilta,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Tort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WUlets, Cahto, C*>
Teio, Layionviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red oast
fates. ■-.:..'
< On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
B. C. WHITING. TgggE R. X. RYAJ»,
Ceo. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Acenfc
Atlantic <^^p^rj
Pacific i^^^%
EAILKOAI) fc^^^^^^^
Trains leave and arrive * CMT^^W!^^§fe>a
Market-Street Ferry. ■ ■WRCV-ySj
BAITA FE 3 EXPRESS. WI%M
To Chicago via A. A I ' -X%gjcgjgo!£^
Leaves every day at sp. m., car... — » ■"l luaa
Palace Crawlng-room Sleepers, also Modern L p.
holstwed Tourist Sleeping-cars, with dean linen
and bedding and in charue or a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Bi. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions tU
Kansas Cny, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the Bast.
New rails, new lies; no dust: Interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvay's dining-rooms. .
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle building. •
Telephone Mais 1&31*. y',X ";.;■>,; -■ .-
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Suusalito Ferry). <
From San i rauciaco, : o.uji- n -in^ June 15, 1898.
: . WEEKDAYS.
For Mill .Valley • and San Rafael -7:00, »Btoo
*9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. m.; -Ihs, 3:20, 4:15,
. 6:16, *d:ou. -.:35 p. M. '•'~ t \
Extra trips for San ; Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
day* and .suiurday* at 11:30 P. M. i
, • "SUNDAYS, -' /
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *9:00,
*10:uii.ll:3JA. m.;*-Mz:3j. «»l:30, *2:15. *4:OU
5:30, 6:46, 8:30 p. M. Kxir^ trip to Sauiatlto at
11 :00 a. M.-mMRnHmBB«JHMJKE.i i :
Trains marked * run to San Qaentln. •*12:39
1 P.M. docs not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
;■•: For • Point ~* Reyes ana way stations— ' A, M.
• Rundavs.' ; ■■ . _ . .
For Point Reyes, : Cazadero and way stations--
-8:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:46 p. v. weekdays.SOMETHING ON
WHICH ALL UNITE
Solid Oaklanders Declare
That Reputation Is
of Value.
NOT FRIENDLY TO LIBEL
A Thousand Dollars! Offered to
Find a Flaw in ths Fee
Bill.
constables: ask sympathy.
If Not Paid More for Catching Tramps
They Will Have to Work to
Avoid Arrest Themselves.
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 30. f
Oaklanders have at last found an idea
upon which they can all unite. They
have discovered what Shakespeare pro
claimed to the world quite a long time
ago — that a good name is not trash and is
worth protecting and preserving. Twice
■within the past month influential police
court juries have convicted a man of
criminal libel because he unjustly held a
leading citizen up to the community as a
being to be shunned and not to be trusted.
The principals in the case were really
only of secondary importance, the great
principle Involved being the value of a
character, and whether anybody who can
obtain a press and type should be per
mitted to assail it as his fancy or his ad
vertising solicitor dictates. Twelve men
of family and weight, and who themselves
have nothing to fear from such attacks in
a community where they are so well
known, have decided that such condnct
shall not be permitted, and on two occa
sions have decided that the offender is
guilty.
This is a refreshing change from the
ordinary tactics of police court juries, and
has served to restore confidence in the
community to such a degree that when a
third suit was brought against the same
paper it had no legal owner or no one who
would acknowledge that they owned it,
and it will be difficult to fix the responsi
bility. At one of the trials it was openly
stated in court that if a jury would not
protect a man who was maliciously called
a thief, there was no recourse but to adopt
the border fashion of settling differences
with a gun. Such a course is not neces
sary, and it will be years before the salu
tary lesson just taught will be forgotten.
Another fact in this connection which is
creditable to Oakland's intelligence is that
such tactics are not acceptable .to enough
people to pay for the expense of circu
lating it, and thus it happens that any
body who is courageous enough to accept
the "good-will" of Oakland's oldest news
paper can have it by paying junk-store
prices for its pi and type.
The constables who depend for their
daily bread upon the misfortunes of their
fellow men have expressed a desire for
the sympathy of the community in their
present dilemma. They claim that the
fee bill passed by the last Legislature is
making paupers of them and gradually
paving for them the way to find rest in
the potter's field. Further than this, the
constables have offered to guarantee $1000
to an attorney who can find a flaw in the
bilL
The work of catching men who are pass
ine through the county on their endless
mission for work is not regarded at all
favorably in Alameda County. There
have been so many flagrant cases of in
justice that the sympathy is with the
"tramp" rather than with his catcher.
So many tricks have been resorted to by
which men have been convicted as va
grants that with few exceptions the so
cfaeil constabulary of the county is not
accorded much sympathy in its present
fight. Judging from the number of "ap
pointments" and "revocations" of depu
ties filed by the constables and the reasons
given for taking back the star, it is evi
dent that but for the temporary appoint
ment there would be no difference be
tween the "officer" and the so-called
tramp. When it is considered that a
constable can make as many deputies as
he pleases, and that having done a little
•work on election day is ofttimes the only
claim upon which the privilege is based,
the extent of the evil is at once manifest.
To expect the county to let every political
worker make a good living without work
ing is an idea not very popular at this
time. To nse the words of the head con
stable of one of the townships, "There are
men with a star scouring the county for
tramps who would be just as liable to ar
rest but for their appointments."
There are, of course, a few others.
It is fully believed that the State board
will raise the total assessment of Alameda
County, not because they think it is now
too low, as it is higher than last year, but
because the politics of Assessor Dal ton does
not agree with the ideas of the men who
failed to recognize the existence of a Hun
dred miles of railroad track that Mr. Dal
ton found in Alameda County. In -the
proceedings at Sacramento it is very easy
to see the hidden hand that is seeking to
cast obloquy on the work of Dalton. It is
the work of the mortgage-holders and
■ bankers, who for the first time have been
required to pay taxes on something near
the correct amount of their holdings.
If every boxcar and piece of property be
ionging to the railroad company were to
be assessed for as large a proportion of its
value as is the little house of the working
man a levy one-third less than the present
tax would be sufficient. But it is not for
such "equalization" that Mr. Black Ryan
attends the meetings of the county and
State boards. A peculiarity of the situa
tion is that some of the men who are at
tempting to discredit Dalton because of
their low personal assessments are the
same who object to bis assessment of their
realty. Anywhere else such proceeciinus
might cause comment, but not in Aiame
da County. S. W. B.
More Charges Against Tumi in.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— Sergeant
Hodgkins has made a number of discov
eries regarding the career of Henry Tum
lln, the colored burglar, who was recently
arrested. To-day several new charges
were booked against him and Tumlin's
future is very gloomy.
Dr. Merriman Seriously Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— Dr. Merri
man Sr. was run over by a mils wagon to
night and seriously injured. The doctor
was walking toward his home and when
crossing Ban Pablo avenue, near Twenti
eth street, the wagon struck him, and
on being conveyed to his home it was
found that he was injured internally.
The Gay Parisians.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— The farce
treat of th«» season is promised in "The
Gay Parisians," which Charles Frohman
will present at the Macdonough Theater
for three nights, beginning Tuesday. A
splendid company of farceurs will inter
pret the play, the organization bein? prac
tically the same that made a 200-mght
triumph in it at Hovt's Theater, New
York. W. J. Ferguson, the celebrated
character actor, whose cleverness gilds
every part he touches, is at the head of
the company and will appear in the role
of a quaint old chaD, Mr. Pinglet, who
yields to an opportunity for a good time
and takes another man's wife out for an
evening to see the sights of Paris. The
critics have said that this is one of Fer
guson's best characters.* Miss Sadie
Martinot assists him in all the merry
scenes, and the other members of the or
ganization are James 0. Barrows, C. B.
Wells, W. B. Shirley, Tully Marshall,
Frank Durant, Louis 'Hendricks, Vaughn
Glaser, Frank A. Connor, Mrs. E. J.
Phillips, Margaret Gordon, Claire Rod
rirne, Vergie Graves, Nellie McCaul,
Judith Bordeaux and Frank Morris.
Populist County Committee.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— The Popu
list convention of the Forty-sixth Assem
bly District met last night at Sunoi. The
following were elected to the County Cen
tral Committee: Haywards, George
Loyne; Alvarado, W. Lyle; Irvington,-
C. C. Chase; Pleasanton, W. Downing;
Livermore, W. W. Brown.
Mrs. A. Stocker made an address to the
convention.
Sets an Example.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— 1n the
"Choir and Nave," a little church maga
zize, issued to his congregation by Rev.
Marshall Law monthly, and which was
pJaced in the pews to-day, is the following
paragraph:
Asfeury Methodist Church South as It Appears After Its Complete Renovation*
''In answer to several inquiries the
rector announces that a safe and conven
ient place for bicycles will be provided at
this church for all who wish to come on
their wheels. We have a large and com
modious basement, opening on Sixteenth
street, tbree steps below the sidewalk,
where wheels may be stored during
service by notifying the sexton."
Burglars at Hay wards.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Aug. 30.- Burglars
broke into the residence of George S.
Langan last night and stole $203. All but
$3 was the property of Editor Fenesy«s of
the Portuguese paper Aurato. The bureaus
were also ransacked and everything of
value taken.
FOR WEST OAKLAND.
The Improvement Club Will Present
Their Petitions to the Council
on Monday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 30.— An execu
tive meeting of the West Oakland Im
provement Clnb was held last night, and
the questions of a public park and eood
roads came up. It was finally agreed that
the club, with petitions signed by 1200
taxpayers and citizens, attend the meeting
of the Council Monday night. The club
will act as an escort for the following com
mittee: Hon. Giles H. Gray, Hon. Harry
Garthorne, G. W. Drake, B. C. Cavellier,
F. Konitz, James Henderberry, W. J.
O'Connell, W. W. Morrison, H. Bodie,
Charles Wines, William Walsh, John
Bullock, Treasurer Huffschmidt, J. S.
Coulborn and John Nesbitt.
On Tuesday, September 1, several mem
bers of the Council have agreed to speak
at the club and give their views. Mayor
Davie will also be present. This in the
only Improvement Club west of Broad
way, but it worKs for all needed improve
ments.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
A Quiet Afternoon at the Range' on
Sunday.
Yesterday was comparatively quiet at
the Shell Mound ranges, the only com
petitors in evidence being members of the
Deutscher Kreiger Verein and companies
B and F of the City Guard Rifle Club, both
of which clubs held their regular monthly
shoots at the 200-yard and 250-yard targets.
Starting next month three battalions,
consisting of companies X, C, F and G,
will shoot every second Sunday for medals
and prizes, as also will a special team of
ten men drawn from each of the com
panies mentioned. The following scores
were made yesterday :
Company B, City Guard Rifle club— James
Wear 43, A. Hammerson 29, C. Perrv43,G.
Filmer 42, G. Ungerman 41, C. Pointdexter
37, A. Apthorpe 39, T. Wood 15, A. McCuiloch
37, W. Krug 34, L. R. Townsend 33, A. Fowler
28, E. B. Peppin 36, C. Lindecker 38, £. C.
Cordell34, E. Kavanaugh 14, L. Nuttin* 12,
H. B. Taylor 38, P. Bannon 40, D. S. Briegs 38,
W. Overstreet 33, W. J. Hayes 43, W. Proll 35
W. Filmer 36.
Company F— E. R. Holsten 39. Lieutenant F.
A. Nippert3B, F. L. Brown 44, M. 8. McNeil 36,
J. F. O'Connor 37, D. J. tiorman 17, H. D
O'Brien 36, C. D. i;ook 39, G. A. Bower 37, E
C. Dever 33, Lieutenant W. M. Masury 31 J. E
Willard 33, J. FiUsgerald 38, A. Hines'2l, s!
Hewelcke 21, C. J. Fallon 13, J. R. Wentzel 33
J. P. Brust 22, J. G. Hawks 16, H. SV. Doscher
31, B. H. Hawks 37, A. Pratt 43, P. Raine 27
D. P. Dolan 35, Captain J. A. Miller 38, W. m!
Higgins3l.
Deutscher Kreiger Verein— C. Weggenman
(chaiapion medalist). 395; first class, N. Bigle
302; second class, R. Rietzeuthaler, 275; third
class, H. More, 285; most centers, F. Kaiser, 1*
first and last best shot, M. Byle, 22; F. Kai
ser, 22.
Died Suddenly.
James McGregor, a native of Scotland, aged
67 years, died suddenly yesterday afternoon
at 1427 Pacific street The Coroner was noti
fied, but on investigation declined to remove
the body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
REOPENING OF
ASBURY CHURCH.
Has Been Thoroughly
Renovated Despite the
Hard Times.
STARTS A NEW CAREER
Methodist Polity Outlined by
Editor Wilson of the
Pacific Advocate.
THIKTEEN YEARS OF SUCCESS.
Has Secured the Next Annual Con
ference to be Conducted by Bishop
Hargrove of Tennessee.
Oakland Office San Fbakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 30. J
Asbury M. E. Church South was re
opened to-day after several months spent
in repairing, painting and renewing.
Rev. H. M. McKnight prepared a special
programme and when the congregation
entered the beautiful auditorium they
hardly recognized their old place of wor
ship.
By an appropriation of a few hundred
dollars for repairs, the congregation was
stimulated to greatly increase the amount
beyond what was considered possible dur
ing these unsettled times. Rev. H. C.
Christian, presiding elder of San Fran
cisco district, preached in the morning.
Rev. R. P. Wilson, D.D., editor of the
Pacific Methodist Advocate, preached in
the evening. A select chorus choir ren
dered choice music.
During the discourses it was learned
the congregation has not had to contend
with difficulties common to churches in
the West, but it has had some peculiar
tests of strength, through which it has
come tiiumphantly.
Some important issues have made this
point a storm center, but clouds are dis
persed and the valiant heroes rejoice in
hope and zeal, while the Christians of
other branches of the family rejoice with
them. Recruits are coming in and the fu
ture is promising. One point in the prac
tical Christianity of this noble band is to
owe no man anything but to love one
another.
Asbury M. E. Church South was named
in honor of Francis Asbury, the first man
ever made bishop in the Methodist Church.
Asbury congregation is a part of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South, one
of the greatest branches of the Methodist
family in the world, second only in Amer
ica to her twin sister, the M. F Church.
The M. E. Church South now numbers
more than a million and a half member
ship, conducting a strong foreign mission
ary society, doing successful work around
the globe. In the United States her work
is almost entirely south of the Ohio and
west of the Mississippi rivers. The word
"south" in the name indicates a geo
graphical and not a political distinction to
those familiar with Methodist history.
The separation of the great Methodist
church in 1844 into two independent
ecclesiastical bodies was deemed a wise
and amicable solution of a vexed question
thrust upon the church by zealous poli
ticians. By this plan of separation,
adopted by the general conference, a
secession of the great New England con
ferences was probably averted. No two
branches of the Christian church are so
fraternal as the Methodist bodies — holding
doctrines identical, differing only in
church government.
Asbury Church was organized in 1882
whh a very small charter list, Rev. Will
Layson being the first pastor. He was
succeeded after one year by Rev. J. C.
Simmons. Having no church building,
service was held in a hired hall.
Dr. Simmons remained one year and
was succeeded by Rev. Samuel Brown,
who remained three years and did much
material work. During his pastorate the
present commodious edifice of worship
was purchased. Rev. Will Layson was
pastor for on« year after Dr. Brown. He
was succeeded by Rev. C. O. Steele, who
remained one year.
The next pastor was Rev. T. A. Atkin
son, who served for two years. He was
followed by Rev. R. Boyns in October,
1889, who served until his sudden death,
April 8, 1891, leaving the church for seve
ral months without a pastor.
Rev. J. R. Compton was appointed in
August to fill out the term, and acted as
pastor until October, 1891, when Rev. A.
C. Bane was appointed and served two
years. He was succeeded in October, 1893,
by T. H. B. Anderson, D.D., who was fol
lowed by Rev. George Baugb. Rev. H.
M. McKnight, the present pastor, was ap
pointed in October, 1895, to succeed Mr.
Baugh.
Asbury Church has secured the next
sitting of Pacific annual conference, which
will convene October 7, 1896, Bishop R. K.
Hargrove, D.D., presiding. Bishop Har
grove is president of the board of trustees
of VanderbUt University. He and Mrs.
Hargrove are now loosing after the in
terests of the church in the Northwest.
BLUEROCK SHOOTING.
Monthly Contest of the Pacific Coast
Tournament Association,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. SO.— The Pacific
Coast Tournament Association's novelty
shoot held on its grounds at Alameda
Point yesterday brought together the
crack shots around the bay, and a good
day's amusement was afforded. T. R.
Barney's invention was used for the first
time to-day and pioved an undoubted suc
cess. It is known as a tangle-shot pull,
and insures unknown traps and unknown
angles. Three series of traps, three in
each, are controlled by the pull, and the
operator of the lever has no knowledge of
either angle or trap that he is going to
give the shooter.
Mr. Barney is a member of the associa
tion and was warmly congratulated on his
ingenuity.
The first event was the "expert event,"
unknown angles, tangle-shot trap pull, at
100 birds. The scores made were:
O. Feudner 86,Nauman 85, Barney 84, Webb
81, Golcner 76, White 64, Haight 72, F. Feud
ner 69, Owens 67, Judd 82, Vernon 71, Mc-
Cntchan 80, Carr 73, Daniels 82, Lake 71,
Wagner 61, Thorn 67, Sears 71, Murdock7B,
Leeds 58, Young 70, Whitney 83.
As the club failed to qualify for the
team event at doubles, it was replaced
with a 15-pair shoot with $1 50 entrance.
Webb won first money, scoring %. 0.
Feudner second with 25 and Daniels third
with 22. The scores in totals were: Rob
ertson 21, Haight 21, Webb 26. O. Feudner
25, Nanman 19, Foster 19, Bruns 11, Wag
ner 15, Daniels 22, Barney 20.
In the 15-singles pool, $1 entrance, F.
Feudner won first, breaking 15 straight,
Whitney and O. Feuduer tied for second
and Robertson and Vernon tied for third.
Following were the scores: 0. Feudner
1 14, F. Feudner 15, Nauman 13, Haight 11,
Grant 10, Whitney 14, Sears 11, Robertson
13, Carr 12, H. Vernon 13, Wagner 9, Al
derton 8, Webb 12, McCutchan 9, Vandail
10, Foster 12.
The last match was the gold medal nov
ice match at 50 oirds, all straight away for
those who had never broken 10 consecu
tive bluerocks, the medal to be won twice
before becoming property of contestant.
The medal was won by H. Betten of the
Encinal Gun Club, Alameda. Score 43;
"Bolton" second with 42. The other scores
were:
H. A. Hoyt 23, U. M. Colt 14. Elsfeldt 23,
Neustadter 30. & Vernon 34, "Bolton" 42,
Price 25, Sylvester 24, J. H. Walker 28, Brown
35, Unphred 28, Josweski 37, Javete 33, Kerri
son 35, Rogers 34, Dunshee 26, Hendricks 35,
J. Webb 39, Mogan 35, Biebeshemer 35, Kewell
27, Zeh 35, Claybrough 35, Cummings26,Paul
28, Wulzen 39, A.lderton 40. Clark 21. Betten
43, Wollam 35, O Fischer 37, Murphy 28, Mil
let 32, J. McDonald 26.
Church Service.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Auk 30.— At the spe
cial memorial services in the Park-street|M.
E. Church this morning in memory of the
wife of Dr. J. T. McLean, Mrs. Otis Gibson
and Mrs. Judge Burke, both of San Fran
cisco, addressed the congregation. They
wers lifelong friends of Mrs. McLean and
testified to her worth as a woman, a Chris
tian and a mother.
A Coming Marriage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 30.— The mar
riage of Miss Maggie Reed of San Fran
cisco to P. A. Kearney, foreman ni the
coiner's department in the Mint, will be
solemnized at St. Joseph's Church on Ad
mission day. The ceremony will be elabo
rate and promises to be one of the
affairs of the season.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
The First Lecture Under the Auspices
of the New Lecture
Bureau.
Under recent legislation the Young
Men's Institute has established a perma
nent central lecture bureau, under whose
supervision the subordinate councils of
the Pacific Coast jurisdiction must hold
free public lectures and distribute litera
ture. The following named have been ap
pointed as members of the bureau: Rev.
Peter C. Yorke, Rev. James McDonald,
Hon. J. F. Sullivan, Colonel James F.
Smith, Frank J. Kierce, James E. O'Don
nell, John Lynch and Thomas H. Fallon.
The bureau was formally organized several
weeks ago by the election of Rev. Father
Yorke as president, John E. Richards Jr.
as secretary and John O'Donneli as treas
urer.
Local bureaus have been established at
Los Angeles, Sacramento and Virginia
City. The Los Angeles bureau is pre
sided over by Right Rev. Bishop Mont
gomery, the one at Sacramento by Right
Rev. Bishop Grave and the one at Vir
ginia City by Rev. Father Taubman.
In accordance with the rules adopted by
the Grand Council each subordinate coun
cil is required to give at least one free pub
lic lecture each year under the direction of
the central bureau. The first of the series
will be delivered at Metropolitan Temple
on the evening of September 9 under the
auspices of Pioneer Council No. 1. Most
Rev. Archbishop Riordan will be the lec
turer, and his theme will be "Individual
and Political Liberty." He is widely
Known as an able and eloquent speaker.
The lectures will be free to the public,
but no person will be admitted without a
ticket. Tickets may be obtained from the
members of Pioneer Council or of the sec
retary of the central bureau, John E.
Richards Jr., whose office is in the Parrott
building. It is not intended to confine
the lectures to strictly Catholic subjects,
but non-Catholica will be asked to attend
these lectures.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
Inquiry for Both City and Coun
try Property Reported
Better.
AUGUST BUILDING BECORD.
The Various Changes in Van Ness
Avenue Daring the Past
Decade.
There was some improvement last week
in the inquiry, but the demand continues
to be mainly for small properties and
they are being sought for as a role for in
vestment purposes. The prevailing low
prices should be a sufficient incentive to
create a fairly active market, but for a
variety of reasons it apparently does not.
At some day in the not very far distant
future many dwellers in San Francisco
will recall the present time with feelings
of regret not unmixed with disgust and
will, to use a slang expression, feel like
kicking themselves for not taking advan
tage of the many golden opportunities
for profitable investments In real estate that
can be found now in aU irts of the City.
The inquiry for country lands is if anything
better than for City property and it is seldom
that the various firms having country depart
ments do not report sales for good prices of
desirable fruit and farm land.
REVIEW OF THE BECOBDS.
There were sixty-five mortgages recorded
last week, aggregating $392,200. The princi
pal ones together with the security given
were:
By William H. Crocker to Phoebe A. Hearst,
$150,000 for one year on property on the
southeast line of Market street, 375 southwest
of Bixth, southwest 50 by southeast 165; by
the Hibernia Bank, for one year at &}£ per
cent, $100,000 on property on the east line of
Battery street, 30 feet south of Pine, south
61 :8, east 87 :6, north 91 :8, west 25, south 30,
west 62:6; also property on the southwest line
of Spear street, 183:4 feet southeast of Mis
sion, southwest 137:6 by southeast 45:10;
and property on the north line of California
street, 45 feet west of front, west 32:11 by
north 137:6; and by the Humbo'dt Bank on
property on the north line of Hayes street, 125
feet west of Fran him, west 25 by north 120;
and property on the northeast corner of Oak
and Franklin streets, east 27:6 by north 120.
There were twenty-five releases granted last
week, aggregating $244,747. The principal
ones were:
By the German Bank to William H. Crocker,
$150,000 on property on the southeast line of
Market street, 375 feet southwest of Sixth,
southwest 50 by southeast 165; from Mary V.
Baldwin to Louisa Breeze, $30,000 on prop
erty In 50-vara block 23, on the north line of
California street, 45 west of Front, west 32:11
by north 137:6, and from John E. Mason to
William Hollis, $33,000 on the following
property in the Potrero Nuevo district: Undi
vided two-ninths,southwest corner Solano and
Vermont, south 327, northwest to point on
south line of Solano, 47 west of Vermont, east
to beginning; undivided one-eighth, south
line of Solano, 9 east of Rhode Island, east
184:8, southwest 103 :10Ji, northwest 153:9;
undivided one-eighth, west line of De Haro,
150 south of MarTposa, west 110, northeast to
point on south, line of Mariposa, 7:11 west
of De Haro, thence east to De
Haro, south 150, to beginning; un
divided one - eighth, northwest corner
Solano and De Haro, north 150, west 180,
southwest to point on east line of Rhode
Island 119:5 north of Solano, south to Solano,
east 200; undivided one-elgnth, northwest
comer Carolina and Mariposa, west 200, north
68 :9, northeast to point on west line Carolina
31:1 south of Sanla Clara, south to beginning;
undivided one-eighth northwest corner Santa
Clara and Wisconsin, north 319, southwest to
point on east line Carolina 23:9 north Santa
Clara, south to Santa Clara, east 200; undi
vided ten-thirty-seconds, east line Wisconsin,
50 north Napa, north 90:7 by east 100: undi
vided half, northwest corner Arkansas and
Butte, north 400, west 8, southwest to point
on north line Batte. 142 east Wisconsin, east
58 to beginning; undivided half, northwest
corner Napa and Arkansas, north 400 to
Butte, thence along Butte 28 feet south
west to a point on north line of Napa
140 east Wisconsin, east 60; undi
vided flve-thirty-seconds, all of Potrero
Nuevo block not heretofore described, except
that portion within boundary lines of Valen
cia, Ellis and Matthew Crooks'lclalms; south
west corner Connecticut and Mariposa, south
163:9 by west 100; northwest corner Solano
and Connecticut, west 200 by north 72 :6 ; un
divided one-half northwest corner Connecticut
and Mariposa, north 250, west 100, north 150,
west 100, south 400, east 200; undivided one
half northwest corner Connecticut and Santa
Clara, north 200 by west 200: undivided one
half northwest corner Missouri and Santa
Clara, north 204:11.17 by west 200; undivided
one-half northeast corner Mariposa and Con
decticut, north 200 by east 100; undivided
half northeast corner Connecticut and Solano,
north 400, east 125, south 100, west 25. south
300, west 100; undivided one-half of Potrero
Nuevo block 232; undivided one-half north
east corner Mis'ouri, and Santa Clara, north
139:9 north 87% degrees, east 135:5, south
west to point on north line Stanta Clara, 126:9
west Texßf, west 73:9 to beginning.
Els;hty-fwo transfers were recorded last
week.
The number of building contracts filed last
week was eleven, pledging an outlay of
$31,743. The particulars were as usual pub
lished in The Call at the time of filing.
As shown by Wolfe's Building News and Re
view, the total number of building contracts
filed during August was ninety-five, aggregat
ing $414,394. The following figures are also
supplied by the same journal :
Number and value of building contracts for
the month of August since 1886:
Yeab.
NO.
Value.
188»
1887
1888
1889
1890.
1891
1892
1893
1894
1895
1806
115
116
100
161
174
96
112
79
97
143
96
$362,400
680,900
. 411.700
- 968,600
1,011,432
560.478
618,087
405,519
456,435
648.2*22
414,394
Totals for the first eight months of each year
since 1886 :
Ykab.
No.
Value.
$4,582,524
4.«08,350
4.194,187
6. 3-28,650
8,093,664
6.149.852
4,249.196
3,764,858
3,483,051
4.341,749
4,104,888
886
887
888
.889
890
89!
892
893
894
,895
896
911
812
677
891
1,188
1,063
733
701
661
859
719
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
A deed of trust has been made by Mary E.
Edward? to the San Francisco Savings Union,
the consideration being $11,500, the property
conveyed being on the south line of Bush
street"l 37:6 west of Taylor, with a frontage of
54 :6 and a depth ot 137 :6.
Charles J. Campbell & Co. will hold an auc
tion to-day of the following real estate: Lot,
32:6x100, on northeast corner of Eddy and
Broderick streets; lot, 37:5x62, on east line of
Broderiek street 100 north of Eddy; lot,
24 :3x100, on southeast corner of Point Lobos
and Twenty-fifth avenues; lot, 30x127:8, on
south line of Washington street, 114 east of
Maple; two lots, 25x120 each, on west line of
Filth avenue, 225 north of Point LoDos ave
nue; lot, 32:6x100, on northeast corner of D
street and Nineteenth avenue; lot and im
provements on Minna street between Third
and Fourth ; lot and improvements on Scott
street near Clay.
■"The Capitol Rolling-mills will erect a five
story brick addition to their mills on Sacra
mento street, below Davis. The Improvement
will be of brick ana will cost about $20,000.
Grading has been commenced by the Cal
laghan estate upon the blocks between Tenth
and Thirteenth avenues and H and I streets,
known as the Sunset Heights District, south of
the park. Under the contract it is required
that 200,000 cubic yards of sand "shall be re
moved and it will require six months to com
plete the contract- The cost will be in the
nißhborhood of $30,000.
One of the most Important subdivisions that
has been placed upon the market within the
past few years is the two blocks which lie be
tween Beulah and Frederick streets and which
run from Stanyan to Shraderand from Shraaer
to Cole streets. The streets surrounding this
land h(iv« all been graded, sewered and mac
adamized, and the lots are all ready for imme
diate building purposes. There are sixty-four
lots in all, and the terms of sale will be made
convenient lor purchasers by Baldwin & Ham
mond, who a'e the agents In charge.
The first-class retail business of all growing
cities continuously changes location in order
to adjust itself and be in keeping with the
Auction Sales
S. Bison, ,
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant, •'
Office, 1043 Market street. Telepnone South 371.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF
Bakery, I Confectionery and Restaurant.
I WILL SELL, THIS DAT, f :
MONDAY, at 1 P. XL., .oa Premises,
217 KEABNTST,, the above-mentioned
Kestaurant, known as the MaisonDoree,
. ■:■'•: ■ COX SISTINS 0F..:. •: ■ ;• ••
•• 1 . Counter and back shelving, quarter-sawed
oak, cost| $750; 1 Nickel National Cash Register,
cost 8185; Showcases, Mirrors, 4 dozen Polished ;
Oak Tables, 6 aozen Chairs, Linoleum, '": Table
Linen, Bodgers' Cutlery, Wines, Liquors, Grocer-
ies, Spices, Canned Goods, 2 Oak Ice Chests,
1 10-foot Eels' Range, Copper Boilers! and Kettles,
a complete Confectionery Outfit. 1 Korse, Delivery
Wagon and Harness, also 1 McNeil Safe.
• Kotb— Attention is called to this sale, as the
goods are n early new and , in use but six - months .
and cost 57500. - :!! S &B39MSBSGSOSIO"9H
Terms cash. S. BASCH, Anctloneer. -
S. BASCH,
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant. ■
Office 1043 Market at. Tel. 871 South. ' • ■ ■'■•■
Administrator Sale at Public r Auction.
■.v ■■■■• -■■'■! WILL SELL THIS DAI, ; >
MONDAY, September 31, 1896. at 11 a. m., on
premises, 732 McAllister at., near Octavla. by or-
der of . court for the ■ estate , of Sarah Jenks. de-
ceased, all the furniture contained in ' the above
premises, consisting • of : ; 1 Elegant - Neumann
Piano, unsurpassed for volume of tone and
beauty of finish; Odd Parlor Pieces: . Bric-a-Brac
Mantel Mirrors; French Clock; . Bric-a-Brac; Cur-
tains and Draperies: ■■ 1 . Massive Sideboard; 1
Pedestal | Extension Table, with high-hack chairs
to match; Roger's Cutlery and Silverware: Havi-
land China Dinner and Tea Sets, Glassware, etc.;
Handsome Cherry Bedroom Set, with French-plate
Mirrors : Superb Couches. Chairs and Table: 1 Oak
Bedroom Set; Wire and Hairtop Mattresses. Pil-
lows, e:c. : 1 Elegant Burr Folding bed and Book-
case combined: 1 Oak Halistand, coat $ 90; Patent
Kitchen Table, Agate and Tin Ware; B. B. Carpets
throughout the bouse. : '.:.'. ' ' '
- Note— These goods must be sold without limit
or reserve. By order of B. V. BUHB, Adminis-
trator; ADAMS cfc A DAMS. Attorneys. -:.;'.- "
» TERMS CASH.
S. BASCH, Anctloneer.
FRANK W. PUTTER WIN Ik
Auctioneer for A. M. Speck A Co.
602 Market Street.
THIS MORNING AT 11 CLOCK
AT 1013 BUSH ST. NEAR JONES, .
• Magnificent Parlor Upholstery: Chamber and
Dining-room Furniture; Rich Carpeting and all
equipments found in a well-appointed home. :
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2 O'CLOCK.
3 Liberty St., Corner Valencia.
- Elegant New Oak Furniture; Fine Carpets and
household equipments complete.
Remember; Bush-St. Sale at 11 A. M.,
and Liberty-St. Sale at 2 P. M.
ELEGMT RESTAURANT AT AUCTIOJ.
LAURENCE VINCENT,
Auctioneer and Commission ; Merchant.
WILL SELL THIS AFTERNOON,
Monday ..August 31. ,1896,
;' At 2 o'clock, on tne premises,
308 KEARNY ST., NEAR BUSH,
The Elegant Restanrant and Fixtures,
....... comprising is fart: — '.
Elegant Polished Oak Tables, Elegant High-back
Chairs, Beautiful Mirror-back Fixtures, Bevel
Mirrors, Elegant Nickelplated Confectioner's Show
Cases, English Linoleum, Clock, Crockery, Cutlery
and Table . Linen, French , : Range and Cooking
Utensils. r
more rapid changes that take place in the de
velopment of new residence districts. These
changes are as marked in regard to direction
as are the future districts for choice dwelling
sites. This is best evidenced by the changes
that have and are taking place on Van Ness
avenue. It was first devoted solely to
first-class residences, then prominent
churches were built on the avenue,
which was followed by the erection
of handsome hotels north of Turk street;
while south of Turk street is destined to be
the location in the near future of first-class re
tail business establishments. There is now in
coarse oi construction a business block at the
northwest corner of Van Ness avenue and
Fulton street, which, with the stores already
in this vicinity, will give this portion of the
avenue quite a business appearance; and if
the vacant land lying near Market street was
suitably improved it would only be a short
time until large retail establishments would
be located there, for Van Ness avenue is to
San Francisco what Twenty-third street is to
New York.
PRESIDIO PROMOTIONS,
Change of Station Not In
volved by the Advance
ment.
Equipment for Three of the Ten-
Inch Disappearing
Guns.
There is money now available for work
on the harbor defenses of San Francisco,
but very little activity is shown at pres
ent. Word comes from the East that an
other twelve-inch breech-loading rifle has
been finished. It will soon be tested and
sent across the continent by rail.
Some progress has been made recently
toward the completion of the ten-inch dis
appearing batteries on the bluff near Fort
Point. The equipment for three of the
guns is on the ground.
Experiments at the twelve-inch rifles
near Fort Point have shown that the plat
form space for loading is not sufficient,
hence an extension is being made.
The managers of the powder company
at Santa Cruz are still experimenting,
with the confident belief that powder fully
up to the requirements of the department
will soon be produced. The authorities at
Washington are exceedingly anxious that
a powder plant on the Pacific shall attain
the success desired.
A board for the examination of gunners
will be convened at the Presidio in Sep
tember. Excellent progress has been made
during the past year in artillery practice,
hence the annual examination is awaited
with more than ordinary attention.
Captain Henry J. Reilly now commands
Light Battery F, Fifth Artillery. The as
signment under the rule is for a period of
four years. He came over from Alcatraz
last Thursday, and is now on duty at the
Presidio. Captain Morris has gone to
Alcatraz to command Battery K.
Captain Reilly is a veteran officer in the
artillery service. He served on the gun
boat Benton at Vicksburg in 1863 and
participated in ail the notable engage
ments in the Mississippi River in which
Admiral Porter's fleet was engaged. The
Benton had a remarkable history as a
fighter.
Lieutenant Charlea E. Treat,'|Battery E,
Fifth Artillery, has been detailed as ad
jutant of the Light Artillery Battalion at
Fort Riley, Kans. Major Randolph, the
commander, was authorized to select a
capable officer, and he designated Lieu
tenant Treat. While the assignment is
not a promotion, it is a high compliment
to Mr. Treat's special ability as an officer
of artillery.
There were two promotions at the Pre
sidio this week, and, fortunately for the
officers promoted change of station is not
involved. First Lieutenant Oliver E.
Wood, Battery C, Fifth Artillery, is pro
moted to captain, and Second Lieutenant
William G. Haan is promoted to be first
lieutenant.
First Lieutenant P. C. March will leave
for a two years' course at the Fort Monroe
Artillery School.
Captain Frank Thorp, Light Battery D,
has been on the sick list for several days.
Brigadier- General Breckinridge, Inspeo
tor-general of the array, recently inspected
the new barracks, the drill-plain and the
GEO. F. LAMSOff, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
EXTRAORDINARY ANNOUNCEMENT
Of great Interest to the general public ""
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday. ..:. September 1, 8 and 3, 1890,
Commencing at 11 o'clock - each day ' oa ■ the
. ■; . :..• ;- : premises, ' ::-v-
-2020 BROADWAY, NR. BUCHANAN ST.
; By order of Rev John HemphHl, D. D.', on ac-
count of departure for Europe, I will sell his entire
collection of
Magnificent Furniture and Works of Art
Collected at the various Art centers of Enrope
and America, and comprising a greater variety of
objects of marvelous beauty and utility, both mod-
ern and antique, than were ever before exhibited
la this city, - ..,■..■..,.
com pr is ix a....
IN, ORIENTAL DEPARTMENT. '
Rare Old Tapestries, Oriental Embroideries, An-
cient Pottery with modern and
■ 'ancient furniture ■■■ ■ •'
... \. ', IN ,; EMPIRE , ROOMS.
Magnificent objects of art. Beautiful specimens
of artistic European and American Furniture,
Antique Draperies, Italian Sculpture, Grand Man-
tel uarniture, all producing strikingly impressive
effects. ... . ;
GRAND FRENCH SALON.
' A royal exhibit of elegance and beauty. Im-
perial draperies, duplicates of the furnishinK In
the Palace of Versailles, France, cost 5000 francs.
XVI century designs of Salon upholsteries.
Frames in burnished gold: covers In delicate
shades of bullion tapestries: very splendid mir-
-1 rors," cabinets and beautiful Marquetene Inlaid
tables, with • other grand - "Salon" appointments
collected at great expense in the art centers of
Europe and America, > - • ;■ ..
A great variety . of magnificent rugs,' from
medium to large, costing from' 925 to f 400 each,
together with an Immense collection of costly
goods, In music room, conversation room,' recep-
tion room, library, . grand . halls, chambers and
dining room. .
House will be open for exhibition Monday,
August 81, from 10 a. m. to 5 r. if. Terms In
catalogue. ■ •
 - ■ ■ GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer. :
J. G. MOTHER, AUCTIONEER,
OFFICE— 632 MARKET ST..
■....■wrxii SELL ,•.'_■*•"
THIS DAY, •
Monday.' .........August 31, 1896.
■ Commencing 11 a. v., at
021 Montgomory St.,
■ ....All the Contents of the.... '
MONTGOMERY-STREET CREAMERY,
- , INCLUDIKa....
100 Very Fine Vienna Chairs, I Very Fine Safe,
Cash Register, 200 yards of English linoleum.
Fine Crockery and Glassware. Also Fine New
Linen and Copper Ware, ' French Range and all
kinds of Fixtures: also 3 Large French- plate Mir-
rors and a lot of Groceries, Including 6 Barrels of
Flour, Brandies, etc. ■ .
All must be sold without reserve.
TUESDAY, Sept. 1, I will sell the Contents Of a
Retail Furniture Store at 11 20 Howard street.
J. G MUTHER, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
/ 319-321 Suiter St.
At 784 Turk St., Near Franklin.
AT AUCTION TO-DAY,
Monday...... .......August 31, 1890
AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M., :
All the elegant furniture • contained in above
private residence, consisting of Grand Concert
Piano, Parlor. Chamber, Dining-room and Kitchen
furniture in latest styles of oak; best Curled-hair
Mattresses , and Bedding, Bric-a-brac, Cutlery,
Glassware, Crockery, Medallion - Range, Agate-
ware, etc. ; Body Brussels Carpet throughout. ,
H. 8. KOZMINsKY. Auctioneer.
quarters at the Presidio. The pneumatio
guns were also inspected.
First Lieutenant J. Franklin Bell, staff
of General Forsyth, returned last Satur
day from a visit to the Hoopa Valley
agency in Humboldt County. He will
leave for Sequoia National Park this
week.
Pursuant to instructions from Washing
ton a board has been appointed to ex
amine unserviceable property at the Pre
sidio. The board consists of Lieutenant-
Colonel J. V. D. Middleton, deputy
surgeon-general; Major Stephen W.
Groesbeck, judge advocate, and Major
Edward Field, Second Artillery.
Leave of absence for eleven days has
been granted to Major John A. Dar i: ng,
Fifth Artillery.
Leave of absence granted to First Lieu
tenant Henry C. Benson, Fourth Cavalry,
has been extended twenty-three days.
A field day, in accordance with recent
orders, was observed at Fort. Mason last
Friday. The events were:
160-yard footrace— Won by Private Kratzer;
time 11.5 sec.
Throwing the hammer— Won by Private Cole
man; distance, 69.5 feet.
Kicking football for distance— Won by Pri
vate Halligan; 131.9 feet
220-yard footrace— Won by Private Kratzer ;
time, 28 sec.
Standing broad jump— Won by Private
O'Donnell; 8.75 feet.
Running broad jump— Won by Private Krat
zer; 16.3 feet
Standing high Jump— Won by Private Been
tel; 3.83 feet.
Running high jump— Won by Private Krat
zer; 4.69 feet.
Potato race— Won by Private O'DonnelL
Throwing baseball for distance — Won by
Private Garrett: 285.8 feet.
Go-as-you-please, heavy marching order, five
times around the parade ground— Won ' y
Private Kratzer.
Handball— Garrett and Kratzer beat Bechtel
and O'Donnell, 21 to 16; Halligan and Whalen
beat Garrett and Kratzer, 21 to 13.
Association football— The Presidio team beat
a team picked from Alcatraz and Fort Mason
players; score, 2 to 1.
Pursuant to authority from the Assist
ant Secretary of War a furlough for four
months, with nermission to leave the
United States, has been granted to Tim
othy Daly, Battery M, Fifth Artillery.
Sergeant Robert Kliene, Battery C, has
been granted a three months' furlough,
with permission of the War Department
to go beyond the limits of the United
States. Furloughs have been granted to
Lawrence M. Goe, Company F, First In
fantry, and Paul Singer, Troop I, Fourth
Cavalry.
DON'T WORK ON SUNDAY
Rev. On Birch Calls Upon the Trades
Unions to Protest
Against It.
The Rev. Dr. Birch preached at the
First Christian Church, Twelfth street, on
the "Sinner's Friend." He said every one
needed a supernatural friend. At election
times the workingman had many ap
parently fervent sympathizers, but when
their need of him had passed their friend*
ship departed like a dog from a picked
bone and their "dear friend, the working
man," might go anywhere for all they
cared. In the time of failure, poverty or
glaring sin into which he might fall where
could either the rich or the poor man or
woman find a friend to hold their hand,
sayings "I am touched with your sorrow
or grieve over your sin as God is touched
and grieved for me"? Were the churches
preaching creed rather than manifesting
Christ?
If the latter, then, as a human object
lesson of God, there would not be 300 or
400 broken-hearted suicides in this City
every year. No honest widow need keep
in her house on Sunday because her gar
ments were not sufficiently decent for
"God's nouse."
It was painful to see workingmen toil
ing in the dirt of a building on a Sunday,
and he appealed to the trades unions to
stand up against it. He advocated that
the building and iron trades should ce<tse
weekly work on Saturday at noon, since
this was done in many, if not all, the big
towns of England and Scotland.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABKT *T. Established ]
.in 1894 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing ou bodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. I Try him. Charges low.
Ifnrf.jntrnnlffd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. 4, r. ttIBBQIt. X*x 1907. San Fraaciaca
910
FUN FOR THE RED ROCKS
Annual Outing of the Popular
Cyclers and Their Many
Friends.
An Interesting Programme, Incnding
a Cake Walk, at Wildwood
Park, Sausalita
Under the spreading oaks of Wildwood
Park, Sausalito, the members of the Red
Rock Cyclers' Club and friends enjoyed
their annual outing yesterday. Dancing
to the spirited music of Samuels' band
was the first event on the programme of
the day's festivities. As a floor director
M. Lynch has few equals, and therefore
the success of that part of the entertain
ment was assured in advance.
During an intermission an adjournment
was taken to the track to witness a race of
100 yards between Officer Harrison and
Henry Hart. The contest was unusually
exciting and was won by the Senator in
11 seconds. Harrison made a gallant
struggle, but was beaten by less than a
yard.
After luncheon, which was prepared
under the direction of Miss Dorothy Ross
more and Mrs. Rome Harris, Captain
Rome Harris and William Driscoll gave
an exhibition of fancy ridin?. Honors
were equally divided until Mr. Driscoll, in
making a sharp turn, fell and dislocated
his right shoulder.
Dancing was indulged in for nearly an
hour, when the floor was cleared for the
prize contest, which was won by Mme.
Schiller and Professor Feeney.
Then came the event of the day, a cake
waik, in which the genial Ross Jackson
officiated as judge. So graceful was all the
participants that Judge Jackson was at
first unable to render a decision. There
fore, the couples were obliged to repeat
the performance, and honors were tt:en
awarded as appended; First prize, Pro
fessor Feeney ; second. J. Lindon; third,
Mr. KlonbacK: fourth, Mr. Loch tan.
Grabbag and other games in which
prizes were drawn completed the amuse
ments of the most successful outing of the
popular club.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calx*—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ere. -
Blent In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
713 Larktn street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, «pc»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
. 116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
■Eg?" KING SOLOMON ' LODG E No! il
»3» r 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and __%_
Steinersts.— Called meeting THIS (MON-^TTf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V>
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
B_^> DORIC LODGE NO. 216. F. AND m
»*& A. M., 121 Eddy st.— Officers and _J\_
members are notified to attend a special jCJf
meeting TUESDAY. September 1, at 9:30 /V\
o'clock _. v., to attend the funeral of our late
brother, . DAVID PLATO. Master Masons are
courteously Invited to attend. 1 By order of the W.
M. ADOLPH KRONBERG, Secretary.
WP&* MEMBERS OF THE A. O. U. W. dWjT"
m*& are Invited to attend a meeting of^*\T3K
Magnolia Lodge No. 41 THIS EVENING
at '620 Post St., on which occasion the drill t^v^
team of Pacific Lodge of Oakland will confer the
degrees, giving the screen work.
JOHN HOEBCH, Recorder.
■_^» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. ■^\>"my-
\£^& 1, I. O. O. F.— Members please4>§!__«__
notice that In future meetings will be : is*!W<=SF
held in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' ■'■7/iwsr~
building. A. W. WILLIAMS, N. G.
P. J. Millet, Recording Secretary/
ff_sS ! » FOR BENT— THE LODGE ROOMS "FOR-
C-*' merly occupied by the N. S. G. W. in the
Pioneer building, 24 Fourth st. For terms apply
at 5 Pioneer place. .
i^sß= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
3F-*' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free. - - -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■_3^~DR7a _Ts^issl^RF^HATRESrOVsB
BK*' his offices to 221/2 Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
ff_2?» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
iS**' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Monigy St., room 6. TeL 5580.
B_S» BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
W-& Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
7 T THE SWEDISH AND GERMAN EM-
-^V ployment Bureau, a number of first-class girls
await situations. 316 Suiter st.
IRST - CLASS COOKS, LAUNDRESSES,
J? nurses, maids awaiting places. For first-class
help call LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110. GEAKY bT.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed ; telephone Grant 185.
Bs M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
pOMPETENT YOUNG GIRL WISHES A
VJ situation to do general housework; good plain,
cook ; reference. Please call at 1614 Mission st.
near Twelfth.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O American woman to do general housework
and cooking in American family. Call or address
817% Post st. '
yoUXO LADY WOULD LIKB TO ASSIST
X doctor with patients; experience in confine-
ment cases. Please call for 3 days 634 Ellis St.,
. downstairs.
■pkRESSiIAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT
XJ by the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system: . terms reasonable. Apply 653
Folsom su
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS STEADY SIT-
Vjr nation as first-class cook, no washing, in good
private or business house: best references given.
Address X., box 98, Call Office. ■ -
THIRST-CLASS HAIR- DRESSER AND MaNI-
-F cure wishes customers at residence. Address
H. D., box 114, Call Office. - ' ■ . , ■
yOUNQ SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion 'at general housework. Call or address
1135 Florida su ■ .
p ERMAN WOMAN LIKES TO TAKE A
\J place as cook in restaurant or boarding-house.
70 Minna st.
IRL, RECENTLY FROM THE EAST, DE-
sires position to do general housework; good
references- " 775 Mission St., room 16.
/COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES A
\J place: first-class cook: in nice American fam-
ily. 1239 Mission st.
r\RESSM AKER AND SEAMSTRESS; FINE
XJ fitter and uraper; sews 50 cents a day. - M. N.,
tox 92, Call Office.
AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
A. working housekeeper and cook for working-
men. 114 Fourth st., room 16. , 
YOUNG woman WISHES situation as
X cook; will do some laundry work. 711 Polk st.
LADY WISHES WORK IN THE EVENING
at Mechanics' Fair. 218 Eddy st. ■ :-.
yOL'NG GERMAN GIRL WISHES BITUA-
X tion to do housework. . Apply 1018 Powell st.
TEADY RELIABLE SWEDISH WOMAN
wishes to do plain sewing, housecleaning or
washing by the day. - Please call 126 Tenth, Mon-
day 9 a. M. tO 1- M. .
VTIDDLE- AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
-XTXsit nation ' to do general housework; city or
country: is a good cook and laundress; moderate
■ wages. Apply at 1000 Washington su, cor. Powell.
1) EXPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
XV ti in as working housekeeper; for elderly cou-
ple or small family of adults. Address House-'
keeper, 1945 Mission St., near Sixteenth. , -
IDDLE - AG D AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes situation as chambermaid; is experi-
enced and competent: wood references. Address
or call bet. 12 and 2 at 106 Taylor St., room L
V OUNG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW . DE-
X sires a position as housekeeper. 917 Market
St.. room 19, second floor. ' ' . •
pESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
XV situation to do housework; is a good cook.
3021 Wine SU - '■ ■:" --.'■■- ' ■ ■■•.^-v ■ ■. ■:■: ■:- -
-* MERICAN WOMAN DESIRES H<'USE-
A. work in small | family, nurse and companion'
.for invalid or sewing. Addtess M., 100 Jones st.
■yOTJNG GERMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS
X situation to do general - housework. 434 Fifth
su, Rincon Hotel. :•■ , ;• -_ : .'■•". :.:*■/'•■ .:S
\\ IDDLE-AGED LADY. WANTS SITUATION
■ii as housekeeper in widower's family or care of
children; city or country. Call .or address 12
Biuxome St., near Fourth. : . ■ : : * *'
BY YOUNG GIKL JUST FROM IRELAND, TO
XJ do general housework. Call at 26 Hlngold St.,
beu Eighth and Ninth, Foisom and Harrison; no
postals. . -:. : ;- .■ ■ ;.'.■;::, ,'v -,.■.'■; '-:.-:,■
/Competent WOMAN -WANTS aVy kind
\J of housework by the day; references. Appiy
at 1342 Turk su, bet. Webster and Fillmore. • v -
IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN lady wishes
situation In 'widower's home; good house-
keeper, neat and agreeable ; I can give best of refer-
ence- 612 Fourth st., Oakland. ■ .
, _ gITUATIOyS - Ay - T3EP ~ c - L o v
pjS FINED, EDUCATED YOUNG WOMAN AS
Xv nurse and companion to invalid lady or young
person; willing to travel; -several years' experi-
ence; excellent references; will be disengaged Oct.
1 ; can be seen in the city Wednesday • for 3 days.
Address C E., box 51, Call Office. v
TRONG GIRL WISHES POSITION IN CAN-
dy kitchen: 3 months' experience. Call or ad-
dress 29 Julian aye., off Fourteenth st
FIXED WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
XV housekeeper in widower's family; good seams-
tress. Address A. R. , box 64, Call Office.
VI KAT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
— I tion for light housework or take care or chil-
dren; wages no object. Address P. P., box 69, Call.
TTURST-C_ASS SWEDISH t DRESSMAKER
X 1 wants few. more engagements by the day;
fl 60. Call or address 126 Oak st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS . STEADY
VJ work by the day, Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday. Call or address MRS. F. FRENCH, 3021
Sacramento st. ■
AMERICAN WIDOW DESIRES GOOD,
■A. steady place as housekeeper. MRS WAKE-
FIELD, Twenty-sixth and Montezuma
I ADY DESIRES SITUATION FOB MEND-
Xj ing and plain sewing; will give care and atten-
tion. Apply 821 Mission su, room 3. - - <
IRST-CLASS COOK WANTS POSITION;
X 1 best of references. Address 2505y 3 Mission st.
"\7OUNG~WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
1 cook or any other light work. Address 110
Sixth su, room 10. - .'-.-- \
YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION IN
office or copying to do at home. " Call 706 Ellis
su, ring two bells. ■ .. ■ • . .
1 ADY DESIRES GENTLEMEN'S WASHING,
Xj mending and plain sewing: will give care and
attention. Apply rear 243 Shipley si-, oft' Fifth,
between Folsom and Harrison. ,
\'OUNG WIDOW OFEXPERIENCK DESIRES
X a position as housekeeper; widower's or bache-
lor's family. 1007 Market sU; apply 10 to 5 only.
INCHES 1 EX HOUSE. 44 THIRD hi.. .NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
U^TE^^~C^r~^HIN^SE~X^"jApX
nese employment office. 17 • Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal."; tel. main 231. W.CYOUNG, mgr
T APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
tl best help. 314b Sutter St.; tel. Grant 30.
HIN ESS AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414 1/2 O'Farrell: Id. K. 4_&^
yOUNO SWEDE WANTS WORK: IS GOOD
X carpenter and handy with tools and machinery:
also garden and farm work: good horseman: refer-
ences. WILLIAM. 264 Minna st.
RAUGHTSMAN — A STUDENT IN MA-
XJ chine draughting wants work „In an office;
pay small to begin; is a practical machinist and
engineer. Address 710 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A PLACE WHERE
O he can attend day school. A adress T. W., 22
Prospect place. .
IDDLE-AGED MAN DESIRES SITUATION
lv. as gardener in private family; understands
care of horses: good references. N. £ box 1-2,
this office.
VOUNGf GERMAN, 20 YRS. OLD, DESIRES
X place where he can learn cooking; city or coun-
try. A. D., box 122, this office.
A S BARKEEPKR, BY A SINGLE, SOBER
A. and respectable and clean man; speaks Ger-
man: best city references. K. G., box 121, Call.
ELIAB'.E MAN WANTS POSITION .AS
XV porter in wholesale house; can also act as
shipping clerk or similar duties. C, box 122. Call.
1, LACKSMITH. FIRST-CLASS ALL- ROUND
I ' man for logging, mining or railroad camps or
other work, wants position. B. S., box 16. Coll.
\\T ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED MAN TAKK
'» care horses and do gardening; I am Dandy
with tools; best references. C. P., box 79, Call.
OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION: CITY
X or country; understands all kinds of general
work; has worked for years on private places;
references. Address S. C, box "".4, Call Office.
/CARPENTER. ALL-KOUND MECHANIC,
\J seeks employment: city or country: can oper-
ate seam-bolter and pump: steady job preferable.
Address C. M., box lb. Call Office.
OUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION
X around private place; understands care of
horses and cows: willing to make himself gen-
erally useful. Call or address S. J. 8., box 160,
Call Office. ..-' "
T7LDERLY MAN WANTS A SITUATION
Xli around private place; handy with tools; un-
derstands care of horses and cows. . Address H.
C, box 45, Call. '; -
ANTED-BY RELIABLE, EXPERIENCED
man, position as gardener for private resi-
dence. Address A., box 62, Call Office.
\A/ ANTED— BUTLER; BEST OF REFER-
"" ences: city or country. Address L. L., box
72, Call Office.
YOUNG swede wants work of any
X kind. Address 8. H., box 119, Call Office.
pOMPETKNT MAN WISHES PLACE AS
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch : northern
part of state preferred; married; no children. Ad-
dress GEORGE A. FRAME, Vlsalia, Cal
V"OUNG MAN GOING TO NEW YORK OVER-
X land would like to defray his expenses by ad-
vertising some reliable firm ; first-class references.
Address Y. L., box 122, Call Office.
T7<NGINEER, COMPETENT MECHANIC,
Xli wants position: experienced on air compressor,
hoisting, traction and pumps: references. Ad-
dress I. B. KILGORE, Concord, CaL >
\\r INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 26c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggaeeioand from the ferry.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market St., S. F., CaL
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
it Market — Electric lights in every room; 209
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: Sl' 6o to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
wTSTrE^^w^rT^E^pT^mrN^RY^H^TiEir,
»» nice place, $20; 2 waitresses in restaurants,
$25 and $6 week; institution cook, $30: ; 5 cooks
in American and German families, with and with-
out washing, $26 and $30: Protestant second girl,
$-'<)■: ranch cook, $20, fare paid : and a great many
girls for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. . J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 312 Butter SU
\\T AINTED-GERMAN OK SCANDINAVIAN
TV cook, small wash, a short distance, $30, see
lady here, and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
312 Sutter st.
TKISH GIRL FOB HOUSEWORK, $25 TO $30;
X good place: housework girl, Sonora, $25; Oak-
land, $25: Alameda, $25: -art Maieo, $25: 10
housework girls, city and country, $20 and $25;
8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter sU •
CANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN HOUSE-
work girl, $30; 3in family. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
VTEAT SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, .3 . IN
1> family. $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, S'.COND WORK
and plain washing. $16: Nevada County: fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $25. MISS CULLED, 328 STJT-
-.«» terst.
CANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN COOK, $30,
O no wash; second girl an 1 plain wash, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter st.
VJEAT, REFINED YOUNG GIRL; LIGHT
1\ housework; $1 2. MISS CULLEN. 323 Butter.
HOUSEWORK GIRL: OAKLAND; $26. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ,
pOOK: SANTA CLARA; $25. MISS CULLEN,
\J 323 Sutter st. ■ . .
pHAMBERMAID, COUNTRY HOTEL, $18
\J and room: chambermaid, country hotel, $.0
and room: chamber —aid, city, $15 1 etc.; waitress,
$5 a week: 5 young girls, assist in small restau-
rants, $16 and room; waitress. $15 and room;
Swedish woman as cook: German woman cook,
$35 etc. ; girl In family of 2, Sutter St., $20: girl for
air Oaks St., $20; German girl for Harriet «L,
$20: girl forSonora, $20; 16 houseglrls. $16: 13
young girls, $8. $10 and $12 per month, assist,
et c. nice families; colored. woman as cook, «7 a
week: colored woman, $6 a week; 2 colored girls,
housework. $18 and $20. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
Vl •' ANTED— COOK AND DOMESTIC WORK,
TT, i_s; colored woman for v echanicn* Fair, $6 a
week; German . cook for : boarding-house, $35;
French waitress and seamstress, $25; - French sec
ond girl, $20; German kitrbenmaUl, $16; girls for
housework. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su ' .
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $25;
, " I German or Scandinavian general housework
girls, city, $25; German < or Swedish, housework
girls, city. $20: Swedish girl for ranch, 3 In family,
make butter, free fare, $15 to $20, see party here:
housework- girls, city,': $20: nurseglrls, city and
country, $15. , C. R. HaN.->EN «fc CO., 110 Geary.
kad waitress, city hotel; ; ; wait-
ress for Dixon, $20: waitress for Mendocino
< on i) tv, good easy r place, free fare, $15. C. B.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary su - . '-:-'-'.'-
WEDISH NURSEGIRL, DO SOME SEWING,
live In country hoiel; child 15 months old: no
washing: 15. : C. K. HANSEN _ CO.; 110 Geary.
■p RKEN GERMAN OR  SCANDINAVIAN
V 7 girl for housework; country: good home: $16;
see party here C. R. HANSE.\ & CO., 110 Geaiy.
""girls FOR HOUSEWORK, SMA ll AMERI-
can families, $20; •■ German cook, $30; German
second girl, $20; 10 idrls for housework and assisu
MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis sU ■
EAT, STRONG GIRL; MUST BE A GOOD
KM cook; small family: flat: wages $20. \ Call at
15h ■ Belvedere st. to-day : between 10 and .12
o'clock: take Hal ght-st: cars; references required.
AIRDRKSSER AND MAMCI'RK, THOR-'
oughly competent, for permanent position in
my parlors. MRS. M. J. BUTLER, 131. Post su
l\r ANTED— A GOOD GERMAN "OR SWEDISH
tt cook; city references required.. Call . between
10 and 12, at 2027 Howard sU , __
!l ADY, UNINCUMBERKD, FOR . HOUSE-
XJ keeper's portion. Address CHAS. THOMP-
SON, general delivery, Oakland. • r.
OMAN OR GIRL FOX. LIGHT HOUSE-
. T T or * and assist with , children. ■ 655 JaCKson
St.. ; Oakland. -.- :. , •:■>. • ' ;; >■■■■ 
.\\T ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
- s school incity: teacherof 10 years' experience;
large class now; forming for fall work; I lar.ee work-
room; references given. 410 Leavenworth su - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
rjOJ3I32ISIS!S!3JS2ISEISI3®IS®
3 '''''"^ _B6_B?_B_W_B_HBwS_ra f_} ' - • X --'''''*'---"''.-: ■-■.'-, - .- . . fl^B _v^^^
1 P"sr j Lubelski & Chase
I 0 I REAL ESTATE, HOUSE RENTING
f^* ■ ■ _H^__S_H_iv % " ■ -T 1 — . • * — ■ ■ ,■ .-■■-.'■ .. > '
m^ Business Exchange
1»® din irrrnnrr mm
I CITY HALL AYE.I
I COS.. MARKET, $. P. 1 /Z=?£
% . . , ]3 (g£r : l4Mzctd€&. A\w 29 TflQfi -- /&Q
Mr. Chas. W. Shortridge,
Proprietor San Francisco CALL, City.
Dear Sir: -
Enclosed please find copy of an advertisement to be
placed under the classified head of "Houses to Let." We have
found that the answers from the country as well as this City to our
different advertisements placed under " Business Opportunities, ! '
show that THE CALL is now unsurpassed as a medium for this class of
business.
' 1 *¥■*« _~i a^M _ft_ __ __. W
'.Tours Sinc^?rsiy>
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TVT ANTED— FIRST-CLASS GIRL TO WORK
■ TT on coats. . S. MENDELSON, 550 Seventh St., 1
Oakland. . ■ ■
/COMPETENT WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK
V and cooking, small family: reference required.'
730 McAllister t.
GIRL WANTED FOR PLAIN COOKING,
general housework. Apply, between 9 a. _,
and 12 M., at 1111 Scott sU .-.-.: '- ■■■-' . -,
OPERATOR AND COATMAKER ON FINE
custom coats; good wages. 604 Jessie st., cor-
ner Seventh.
"VT OUNG GIRL FOR DOWNSTAIRS WORK
X and cooking; good wages. After 8:30, 1207
Gongh st. , ■ ■' .:
WANTED— A COMPETENT GIRL TO COOK'
TT and take care of children. 3339 (.'lay st. :
A~ YOUNG GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
work, family of two. 1615 Webster su
yODNO GIRL TO ASSIST WITH BABY. 219
X Broderick st. ' ' ". • . . .■"'.' ■ . •'. "
VOUNGOIRL FOR SECOND WORK; WAGES
1 $15. Call beu 10 and 12, 2597 Howard st. ,
YOUNGV OUNG GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOB
X general housework; $15. SO6 O'Furrell su
ANTED -AN EXPERIENCED CREAM-
dipper. ■„■ Apply 217 Front st : :
IRL FOX HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
VJT cooking, in flat; wages $10. 230-2 Sutter st.
APPRENTICES FOB DRESSMAKING. '. 4a
A. Antonio St., >>?! Jones, near Ellis.
IRL, ABOUT 17, FOR UPSTAIRS WORK
and care of children. Call after 9, 114 Powell.
'OUNG GIRL FOR PLAIN COOK . AND
. X housework; $15; references. .1633 Geary st. - '.
WOMAN TO HELP IN KITCHEN. 136 * SEC-
TT ond su ■<■•■. •■'•■■ .-:. >.: '
ANTED— TO ASSIST IN CARING
TT for an infant Call 3527 Fillmore st,
ANTED— COMPETENT GIRL FOR COOK-
ing and housework. ' 2409 Washington st.
Air ANTED— A LADY SPEAKING ENGLISH
•1 . and German to take entire charge of a child 4
years old at hotel; no other duties. >ddress with
references, which must be strictly firs: , class, ' 8.
C, bOX 114, Call. , ■-■.;-.*. ;;■
•\TEAT GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND
■—i housework; $.5. Call bet. 10 A. m. and 2r. m.,
2007 Devlsadero St.. near California. , .
TRONG YOUNG GIRL TO WRAP PACK-
ages in store; references. R, box Z, Call Office.
PROTESTANT GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
XT housework; $8. 3629 seventeenth St., before
11 a. x. .
PUPILS FOR MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
X this season; thorough and practical ; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; rates reasonable or in payments.
Miss Daisy Haake, 14 Chattanooga St., betweeen
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. ..
pKOFITABLK EMPLOYMENT /AT HOME
X will be furnished Intelligent women in any
part of the State who are Incapacitated for active
work by reason of ill health. . F. G.y box 45, Call.
PERATOKS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
;and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS — CO., 32i/_
Fremont st. : .
HE MCDOWELL, LARGEST A Nl> BEST, in
fact the only first-class, dressmakin; school on
the coast. Patterns 25c up. 636 Market su
USINES^ WOMEN. SOME . CAPITAL, CAN
make money rapidly. Call 131 Post, room 21.
IpLYNN'S DRKSS-CUTTING , SCHOOL: TUES-
' days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
TT AIRDRESSINO, 250 AND 35c: MORNINU
XX and eve classes; 101essoni,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING .LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St., 105 9th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third fit., near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night; <$1 50 to $3
per week: free 'bus and baesraee to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
A^^ED^2~^ORE^oinr^iNiEßSr^EE
boss here: 5 laborers about mine, • Alaska,
fare paid farmer and wife, $35 and chance to board
men: stable boy. *10 and found: laborers, $1 day
and board and $1 75 day; second cook for mill
crew. $30: 2 restaurant waiters for country, $15
and $30: broiler, $50. and others- Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento su
AKER, SECOND HAND, COUNTRY SHOP;
3 cooks, $30 to $50; second cook:' 3 waiters,
$25 and $30: 2 dishwashers. MURRAY ):•_
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. > ; :
IfiAKMER AND .WIFE; 3 FARMERS: 300
hop-pickers; 20 tie— takers, 8c each; choreman
and many other places. . MURRAY & KEADY,
Leading Employments Agents, 634 1 and 636 Clay.
■A HOTKL WAITERS, CITY AND COUNTRY,
-^r with dress suits, $30; day cook, restaurant,
$10 a week: German shot-order and oyster cook,
nights, $10 a week; dishwasher, $20; neat young
pantryman, hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary ... ,:^~:.:\* --■.',..''.,"••> .
PASTRY COOK AND BAKER, : COUNTRY
XT hotel, $40 to $45; 3 waiters with dress suits,
country hotel, $30: short-order and oyster cook,
$40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
ABORERS FOX RAILROAD WORK,
north, reduced fare,. no fee. Apply to C. B.
HANSEN CO., 110 Geary ;. -
\\J ANTED-NEGETABLE ;■ COOK, : $35; POT-
TT washer, $20: ■ dishwasher. : $20, ' for first-class
hotel; also : dishwasher, coffee house, $16. L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton sU " ' ; ■ : 'r. , ;
\\r ANTED— MAN-TO; take f CARE -" of
TT horses and do chores, and wife to cook and do
housework, country, $50; coal miners tor Alaska,
contract; laborers to leave for ' Alaska, free fare,
gee boss here: at ANDRE'S Employment Office,
315 Stockton su ; ■-*.. \- v '■"'■■ :*.r, : ' •■'v .:' ; ';. -. ■■' ll'-''.';
' ANTE 3 , WAITERS, $20. $25 AND $30;
1 cook, $10 a week: I Japanese cook,' $5 a week;
French young man as assistant pastry cook, $20;
etc. ,L. ANDRE. 316 Stockton st. , . . ■; <
ANTED-EXPEKIE DRIVER FOR
milk route In city, first-class place, $35 month
and found: 10 men to pick grapes and work about
winery, 75c per day and found : 6 i farmhands for
vineyard, $20 and board ; 50 more I men,' women
and : families to pick . hops, good : place; foreman
for ranch, near city, mus 1 be handy with tools, $35
and found:^choremauforj ranch, near city, $15
and I found ; I also farmers, milkers, cook.), waiters
and dishwashers. - W. D. EWER & CO.", 626 Clay.
5 DISHWASHERS; BARBER TO RUN COUN-
try shop; 3 waiters, $20 and room: young man
who can make salads, etc. ; second cook, $30 and
room ; Japanese . boy, • housework, $20 . and room ;
Japanese boy, housework, $16 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. —■ -y~^ ■; . •;. :'■. ;- " ., \\- < -. ■; ...
T7ASTERN MAN AND WIFE ABOUT PLACE,
XLi $50: german chore man, $15; chore boy, $15;
coal miners, $1 a ton ; teamster, city, < $20. ;K. ' T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay su : .
p ERMAN . GIRL /-WANTS v AN ' INDUSTRI-
VJT ous man as partner with $150 capital In first-
class delicacies, butter, eggs, smoked meats, cigars i
and stationery store; will guarantee sso and board !
each by. doing our own work. Apply at the place,
304 Fourth su, from 9to 4. ',■.'?. v v "
WANTED— IMMEDIATELY, A GOOD, HON-
' » est, reliable young man, with ; references, who
desires a good home, to care for horses I and , make
himself > generally . useful around store; salary
small, with prospects of advancing. Apply 172 1
llaight st ■ ;.•;, -.--.■: ,'..'. \ . i' .■•'■'■.'■"■ --. ■■>■.;. ■-■'"■■_ .'-.;' r.
\\r ANTED— CLERK.' FOR GROCERY: MUST
' TV know bow to drive - and understand his busi-
ness. Apply 901 Post st ...
ANTED— SECOND -.WAITER.: 660 HOW-
ard st., German hotel. :■:'-; '■- .:.-''.'■'-■;.,-. •"-•*."o : - :■■'">'
pORTER FOR j BARBER-SHOP. :, 6 MARKET
X street. »:■■:■/>_:•. W -,'.-'/.•: -V". '."-'"■' T«.. '. <?.. : .■i.'-rv., 1 r
n OOD BARBEB WANTED; i STEADY. " 13%
VJ Third st.--.-:-/.-'.. :-■;>.-; : :"-.^r-<> : '"" : r:'-"'-
HELP WANTED— Continued.;
TXIIGE BOY~TO KUIT^ERRANDS IN
XJ tailor shop. 291 Everett st. ; _ _
T\ISHW ASHER — INDUSTRIOUS, SOBER
XJ young man. Apply 438 Third st.
ISE WASHER WANTED AT 638 FOURTH
XJ streeu • ■
■ WANTED— TINSMITH. APPLY TO POWER
TT & PIKE, 49 Sacramento st.
SIGN-PAINTER FOR SMALL. JOB AT 637
O Clay st., Monday, at 10 a. M. -
QHOEMAKER WANTS SECOND-HAND
0 patching machine. S. V., box 49, Call Office.
ANTED— STEADY MAN WHO CAN
write a plain hand to assist generally In a
store: salary $12 50 per week, with chance of in-
crease: must have $75 cash. 87 0V3 Market St..
room 1. ; :
\\T ANTED— PARTNER IN NICE CORNER
TT , grocery, with bar, in respectable neighbor-
hood. Parties meaning business - call corner Six-
teenth and Church sts.
___________________ _____ ____
EXPERIENCED CARPET SALE SM A N
Xj wanted. ' Address Carpet ; Salesman, box 67,
this office. - '--.'-.'■'. - ■■:■:--, ■.- ..
ANTED— ON UNIFORMS. CALL
immediately at 1243 Folsom st. '.*. :- ' :
ANY BUY OR GIRL CAN MAKE SEVERAL
dollars a week after school > hours. Apply at
room 29. 20 Ellis St.. -■','.■ .'.■..■--.
SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
: st.. Calitornia House.
W ANTED -MEN TO LEARN BARBER
>>■ trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
W AJNTED — 50 5 M EN FOB SINGLE ROOMS;
>' $1 week, 25c night 321 Ellis st ; Bosedale.
ANTED — A strictly FIKSI -CLASS
1 TT dress-goods salesman; none other need apply.
623 Market si., room 7. bet. 3 and 6 P. M. .
NERGETIC MAN CAN EASILY MAKE $100
XU a month; $60 required. Apply 6 Eddy su. r. 31,
_N'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.; LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finck's.S.F-
OAA MEN TO SEE BEST VARIETY SHOW
OUI/ In town; steam, 10c bottle. -: 120 Grant aye.
AKBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
AKBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
L> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
DOOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 60
XX per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm _:.v
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some ■ simple thin? ■to patent Protect your I
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & pq. % Dept. ,L, Patent Attor- |
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $IbOO priw oiler
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted. -.'
pLOHING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND i
\J shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. ■ 959
Howard st. "■,: .;•..: .
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
-> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nl«ht 15c to
50c;week $1 to $2 room strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
WASTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
■'. tT boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
ANTED— FOB - THE UNITED STATES
. Marine ; Corps, ' U. '- S. ■ navy, ' able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th«n 1 5 - feet ■ 5 . Inches in height; of good
character and temperate hanits: able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important -. branch .of •-. the naval
service offers 1 special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiilog Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, CaL
LARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 7a6V3 Howard sU, bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HO USE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
. S.-REStOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, oc
I||AM£N TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, l&c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including I cotton and rolls.
. 624 Washington at., near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY— SING 1 E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 26. 81 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorfl sts. ';
"lA7 ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third su: 160
large rooms. 250 per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
TT *-«ek; rooms for two. 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room -. dally papers. 36 Clay su « .
EN TO FEEU .u.V.MiAriA« aIUUK FOOD;
all grocers keep lv - ' ': :
W' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
TT eraAclerks. KNOX Collection A«cy, 110 Sutter
WE ARK , SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait: ladies' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c. ; . machine-sewed 75c. ; hand-
sewed 65c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
a i 50. 56.' Mission SL, bet. First and Second. ■■'■,-
;■ K_ ■'■ ■ AGENTS WANTED. "' '; .
XAT E WANT TO ENGAGE ; ENERGETIC MEN
» » and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., a. F.
GENTS! BR)TAN,..BE WALL AND FREE
silver; McKinley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will bay one or the other; do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager subscription
Department The Whltaker & Ray C 0.,723 MarkeU
wanted-miscellaneous, ; ■
RESPONSIBLE PARTY. rO?KENT DINING-
X\j room first-class hotel ■>. rent « taken bln 5 board.
Brunswicit Hotel, cor. Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. ' y : ■ -,- . ..-■•<..., Vr-.v - ■:■' ; -*'■-:- ;'.-':'■ :;'
, SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
>J , elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st. ; send po stal
- © fit \ A wanted on : second mortgage
, <JPU''\lby a business man for 6 months: will
pay $10 per month interest. ;! Address R., box 1,
Ci.ll Office, Oakland. - . ', • • .
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to a. KLEIN, 109 Sixth: St.; send postal.
Y^LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
\J r-. wntriiesrepalr"fl. i MIND. 11 33^> Mission.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. " ;
; FRANK SHAY, ATTORNEV-AT-LAW. ROOM
X 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN E. HICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES. BOOMS
i2B and ; 27, Crocker . building; '. telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. . ; , , ; --,:■' '5, - .V :' .'. .'• . .»-'
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O attysatlaw. mis 516.516. s'h floor. Parrott bldg. '
o ; ' 7 .-';'::-':^tojlease;^. : ''-'- : /l ':
T?OR~iRKiNT~7>KnCETsI^^
:X 1 cor. Polk ; and 'Jackson S sts.: f. rent $50 '<■ per
! month. : Address J. S. 427 Sanaome St.. S. F. .
j £%£JP^O^OGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
XT EW — bll'sE^ruST'To'PENED.'iaAVi GE AR Y ;
'• 'XI; full line latest and best: cameras repaired:
rree darn room: send tor catalog. Cat, Camera Co. ;
— "~" — "" — — — — — — ■ — — ■ — — ■ — — — ——————;
"'c -, ,i--i- ::--:"' 'i '_ FINANCIAIU % 'i'J'^Si, ; :
• O.fi OCU} TO LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
tJIUU.UUU Apply rm 214, CaLbafe Dep.Bldg. 1
L CLAIRVOYANTS.
W ITAN A, THE GTp^Y^rjKEN??"fuitK^T^
\JT truthful in her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will eutde you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
\,| ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN*
iM the world: 50c and $1. shows picture of »-onr
future husband or wire. . 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
1»J past, present and future- success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low Drices. 866 Mission st.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a double vellanl
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk su. nr. Jon**.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
VX seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles gents 50c.
me. hansen.palmist.card-keader!
past, present and future: 25c. 1 148 6th St., r. 5.
V« MX. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM; KEVEAI <t
Jjl past, present, future; 25c up. . 764 Howard st.
f ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;,
i»l business advice: names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
ME. - LEGETTE— PAST AND
future; 26c 31 1 Tehama, stairs, nr. Fourth.
■\f ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
M husband, wife; ladles 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. •' DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: ■25
yrs Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $3.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS F ROM" CRADLE TO
grave; ladles, 25c; gents,' 50c. 914 O'FarrelL
MISS "cTIwfASCbtT A~ TLaTE ; ~FROM"~CUB
card reader. 105 Larkln St.. room 2. :
/CLAIRVOYANT; LADIES AND GENTS; FEE
\J 25c. 41 Minna St., basement. ■
/CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD-READER;
\J sitting $1. 306 Stockton sU
SPIRITUALISM. . ~~
r \ VERITABLE QUEEiTaMONG WOMKN I3.
MRS. DR. A. D! HOWE. '■'.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
'.. Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read = this ; and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands |on - this coast lin the ten years pant. Is : \
again at . her old offices, > 1320 Market street, Saa ,
Francisco, . and jls now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal 1 who will either call on or
write to . her. .Your ■ whole ■ life revealed; 1 success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the 1
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wife
I or lover Is untrue consult her at. ; once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know * what ' failure means! ' Her "Revealed
Medicines" {registered and copyrighted) . cure
I every disease : that ■ human flesh is heir to, and no
matter of how long . standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE »1 & UPWARD! FEF. $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, "" ■-
1320 Market su, opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
WONDERFUL CONVINCING PROOF OF
-IT r-i- SPIRITUAL POWER.
WRITE AND BE CONVINCED.
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 «1 $1 $1 $1 $1
THIS WEEK ONLY. .
MBS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 Market sU, 3. F.,
Diagnoses disease, with full life reading, \ from
lock of hair: this week only for $1: take advan-
tage of this rare opportunity ;' her reveal d medi-
cines work wonders with the sick and afflicted.
Write address plainly and inclose lock of hair.
$1 II $1 -$1 ¥1 • $1 :$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
RETURNED-MKsi.MAYObTr.ERS; CIRCLE
Sun.. . Tues., Fri. evenings: Ladies' ■: circle
Thurs. 2p. x.; readings daily. 1015 Market, r. 19.
RIENDsHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings >nn., Mon.;
Thurs. and SaU; 7:30; dr. Tue., Frl. 2 p. M.; sittgs
B. MAUD IN MAN"; ELECTRIC
cian, removed to , 1053 Market st., rooms 1, 2
and a ,:-.'.-.- ."•■.-. ■ ,-:.."■- ■'-..-:. ■'.'■■';; ■■'"". , __
QPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
O Rev. Mr. Howland; 25c. 1 Fifth St., parlor 1.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
J-> ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; , hours 9 until 6 pm.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM;
sittings $1: circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
T IFE-READINGS BY REV. MR. HOWLAND;
J- $1. 1 Fifth St., parlor 1. " ■ ,
" HYPNOTISM.. f
YiPNt>TISM~ANiD~VTl r Al] SfAGNJETISM
. practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians:, and students of
science interested in its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited.' Call or
address v the Hypnotic ' and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st.
musical INSTRUMENTS.
- V: 4-STORY BUILDING, < '? CORNER of
A Kearny and Sutter; sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
$3, $4, $5, $6,57,58.:59, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month; the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces rto . Stelnway ' Baby, Parlor ' and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments every
piano guarantee fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover ■. included; ■ no -charge for dray age: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor." Kearny and suttt-r sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE 'IN MY
p ano business, my .old quarters on Market
at. are entirely too small; I have . therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Hayes su, between'
Octavla and Lacuna, where I \ can . now display
over four times the amount ■ of Instruments than
formerly ; as I buy i tor cash and ■■ in . carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can- offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money'
than I any I other , music I house In I San ■ Francisco. I
Respectfully yours, J. HaRRY ; SCOTT. -:■■ ,'
I TMNE USED . STEIN WAY*, HARDMAN,
X 1 Chase ' Bros. ,'• etc.; 1 astonishing prices; easy
terms. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor Flood
building, Fourth and Market stu ' ■-•-.-. ';•■.-, .■-■■■■■■'-.
ffl»7F\ BARGAIN; STEINW AY PIANO, EX-
<P I U.ceilent order terms. 221 Leavenworth
C CLEARANCE ISALE-HAINKS, KNABE AND
) Bush and Gen's pianos; clearin^-out . prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO., 324 Post su ;
p OOD UPRIGHT - . CHEAP i ■:: FOR * CASH.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
I) ARGAIN— DECKER & SON UPRIGHT, $250."
X> MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
GO. 1 E. A BURLED , WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
1 O\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
ACTUALLY, THE ?-* BEST BARGAIN S .; IN,
— A." pianos, both . new -' and : second-hand ;at THE j
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Market»u:
o. BADGER.SOLE agent FOR hallet
-. ._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac' to
HICKKKINU, KNABK. BTKCK. VOSB, BTKR- ,
ling pianos; I see our new piano for $187 : pianos '■:
: ;or rent. , ; BENJ. CUKTAZ & SUN, lft O'Farrell. ■
Byron mauzv. :us v. TOST i S T.-SOUMKbT
Newby <fe Evan<.">lrlggg and other pianos. ■'.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
H. MU LLER.' maker, repairer. 2 Latham Dlaca."
tt_sS = * = A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THIS *
WEEKI V CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
■ _-■; f, TXFSWBITKBB. ::":.-■.: '
pALIGRAPH;SI6: REMINUTON, SCOTT
1 .\J «fc BANK AN, 333 Montgomery »U
_^_ 5E51? E . SS CHANCES.
COAL AND "WOOD YARD: ENGINE
(S)^O\s . and boiler, 3 wagons and horses; every-
thing required • for > the business; this " is • the best
buy ever offered - In the cit* for the money. I LU-
BELSKI & CHAS/v, 7 City Hall aye. i .;>-■
<D» I - (\ 'FINEFRUITSTORE: GOOD LOCAL-
«jpI OU. Uy; with living-rooms 1 in *c onnection
arid horse and wagon : stock all fresh, and . this is
paying well. LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall
avenue. ; ;-. ■; ■-■-.- • .-:.' ::' : " '-': '•- ; '" ■•-:'■'• -.
UST BE SOLD THIS .WEEK ; THE BEST
chance ever ' offered in S. F. to go in to the
saloon business; 'fixtures and stock cost $7000:
call immediately ! : and . see photo of place and get
particular.- no reasonable offer ! refused: terms
cash. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
(J_ -1 / \(\f\ . PARTNER IN ; ELEGANT . PAY-
tJpXUUU. ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man ; the fullest investigation - and trial
if required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. ,T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffljP/iA; PARTNER IN STATIONERY BUSI-
«JpUW. ness across the bay; an- locality: good
stock and fixtures; only object in taking partner
is - to ' have ; ■ interested party ■ In - the business.
LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
ffl» I KAA FRUIT AND VEGETABLES
«jp ■ tjyjyj . stall; finest location In the city: tak-
ing In $25 to $40 per day ' cheap rent: the fullest
investigation *:. will be « given. LUBELSKI &
CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
'C_7 A A ONE OF THIS , FINEST REBTAU-
«3P I \Jyj . rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty. , : LCBELSKI & CHASE, 7 city Hall aye.
fflJ^Afl FINE RESTAURANT: ONE OF
«lpUl/<'. the best locations In city; cheap rent:
receipts $20 per day: this Is the bes bargain in
the city; or will trade for good small piece prop-
erty. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
ft 70,0, : CIGAK AND STATIONERY' STOKE
VP I \J\J. near park: building included: suitable
for man and wife. STENBi-.RG CO., 632 Marke:.
<fcf;AAA SALOON; MARKET ST.; GRAND-
tipO\J\J\J. est fitted up place on th* coast; 2
cash registers, safe, etc. ; large and only Al stock;
low rent; long lease: by big; olds finest day saloon
In town: more than value insight; bargain offered
this week only; retiring from business reason for
selling. STKNBERG CO., 632 Market sU
ffijOOX SALOON; THIRD ST., NR. RAIL-
<JP^_^O. road depot; best location: receipts av-
erage $12; genuine bargain. STERNB-RG <fe
CO.. 632 Market st. .
fflj I >JA/\ RESTAURANT. AND OYSTER-
i- O\J\J . house; best location: nicely fitted
up; 6 private rooms: genuine bargain to cash
Duver: see for yourself: orexebange for real estate.
STKNBKRQ & CO.. 632 Market sU
<!>♦_) AAA WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
»lr«»"V/V». liquor-store; stock and fixtures worth
$2760: splendid business location: sells only on
account of disagreement in partnership. STEN-
BF.Rii <fc CO., b32 Market St. -
SALOON; RESTAURANT: 26 FURNISHED
k? room* : will sell or exchange for property; rare
chance to suitable party. STENBERG <£ CO., 632
Market St. .
ffijQXA SALOON, DOING GOOD BUSINESS:
ii!>ijO\J. make offer. STENBERG A CO., 63a
Market st.
qj» ' ) P. A SALOON; STOCK ALOW E WORTH
i]p&O\i. $1000; must be sold to-day; owner in
serious trouble. WILKE, 31 California St.
AAA COFFEE SALOON: CHOICEST
■(flvw. downtown location: doint; large busi-
ness. WILKE <fc WuLF, 531 California St.
CJQOO SALOON, . CALIFORNIA AND
x£)V\J\J. Kearny sts.; low rent; first-class pay-
ing place: actual value, $1200. WILKE, 631 Cali-
fornia st.
fl> E. AA SALOON ESTABLISHED YEARS.
<p«JUU. Market sU; average daily r ceipts $18
guaranteed; rent, $65. WILKE, 631 California su
OJJI 7A A CORNEA GROCERY, BAK;~CALI-
11/u. forniast.; doing large cash business;
rare chance:' investigate at once. WILKE <&
WOLF, 631 California st
<3jQAA CORNER SALOON, WITH BIL-
«]Dt/V/U::iiard and pool table, on Montgomery
sU; established' 20 years: with large frst-class
patronage. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California sU
i.AKKUUM ON MARKET, NEAR THIRD;
1 I > $600: sacrificed on account ill-health of owner;
rarest, chance; I full investigation given. WILKE,
631 California st.
(jJjCAA CORNER CROCERY AND BAR;
«IP«JUU. living-rooms; 'rent $30: doing good
business: choice location. . WILKIE & WOLF, 531
California stO::-' , - '•.'T ":-:'•'
mOBUYORSEU A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X see MYKRS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
T>UTCHERS. ATTENTION —THE FINEST
X) butcher-shop in , San ■ Francisco, doing a large
business; this Is a bargain that will not last: In-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires; this
business Is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777
M«__________________________________
fIiJAO. RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
>|ptt«Jv/. and bar: ~ fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; ■ fu'l inves-
tigation. . See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market.
fli'K):: FINE RESTA URANT AND O V TER
tJ)O_.'t7. parlor: half block from | Market St., in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. See
GRAHAM &MY EKS, 777 Market St. ; J. i: -
HALF I^TEKEfIT IN A <■ WELL ESTAB-
llshed and growing business: staple article,
with a net Income this year of $5000, will be sold
for $15,000; deferred payments can be arranged
for portion of purchase price if desired; a party
with $6000 or $10,000 cash can - purcuasea corre-
sponding less interest: reasonable profits guaran-
teed by ample security; purchaser 10 participate in
management with salary. Apply to U.S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 165, Crocker building. _■_:[-. :'\
OTEL TO LKASK KOK A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basemen; brink building, con-
taining .98 rooms; also ground-floor and ■ well-
lighied . basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
.Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur- ,
ther particulars apply to b. SILV hRBEKG, 320
ISansome St., room 39
OR SALE— OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
l ished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a tine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. . Ad-
dress for particulars M. Al.; box lOi). Call Office. .
/"I ROCERY ; AND BAR: FULL VALUE .IN
VJT sight; pays well; good room :, bargain, this
week. - See GUS STKA ND, 45 Third st.
ALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE: WELL-
n'tted-up building, Including long lease; great
sacrifice. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ANTED— A PARTY WITH $4000 CASH TO
' » purchase stock in a business well established
in this city; 8 per cent per annum guaranteed;
dividends without doubt will be much more than
that: business practically out of debt. For personal
interview address H. 8.. box 84, Call Office.
<_ /jA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORK;
tJP'iU. rent $12; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
(D«l OJV BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
(lpl-u. notion store; 3 rooms; rent $16; north
Market: finely fitted. SKIFF, 921 .Market sU
"YOUNG , MAN, PRACTICAL, WOULD BUY
X into a hardware or tin business In some live
town; only reliable parties need apply. Address,
slating price and particulars, 1 . H., box 143, Call.
DARE CHANCE— FRENCH LiauOK-STORE;
XV principal corn- of City; old established ; doing
good, steady business: must be seen to be apire-
dated; sold account of old age. L. S., box 16, Call.
<I>k>A A PARTNER FOR HALF INTEREST
«Tp_iUU .in an ;.i: excellent-paying . ". restaurant;
must be either a good cook or waiter; call at once,
The Lorlston Restaurant, 621 and 623 Bush st. ,:
K'OR SALE— BAKEKY AND VARIETY
X store surrounded by schools and ! factories 6
rooms attached: low rent with lease: owner goes
to Europe; no agents. Inquire at Call Office.",
T^OR SALE— FRUIT, STATIONERY AND
X variety store with good trade and chance to en-
large It, In t country town ; ; stocK - worth money
asked. r : Address box 479, Henidsburg, Cal. - ■;,-• r•.
G~ ROCKRY STOKE WITH 4 ROOMS, NE. COR.
r 16. and De Haro streets: good location; no
store within 5 block*: rent $27 per month. MRS.
CAROLINE GILBERT, on premises. .
PICYCLE' STORE AND REPAIR " SHOP;
X> well established ; good location; full line oj
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanlzer:- opening
for a machinist. 1113 Market St. . . .:
I,'OR HALF.— BARGAIN— FIRST-CLABB SA-
X 1 loon in business center, doing good, steady
trade; -" no night '. work; ■: low ■ rent. <• : Apply WM.
LANGE JR., 632 Market st. . r ;.- r -,
ANTED— PARTNER WITH $600 TO EN-
large a good I paying fruit, notion and grocery
store in country town. ■ Address box 110, Heal da-
burg. Cal. .-.>.'•_• '■:■'. ■>.:■■ '■;■*■. .■.,'-■■.::.:-■ :..
<»O?.AA WILL > BUY » HALF-INTEREST IN
iipDO\J\f,ono: of the best paying hotels In the
city; ' Investigation invited. Address " S., box 52,
Call Office.; ■ '\-y '■:'.';■ ■:■■':'■ .■■■:,>'-.-; .':»■;■,■■
PHYSICIANS, -.. ATTENTION — A  GRAND
X chance to take the practice of leading physician;
also elegant library for sale.;, lnquire 211-Larktn.
;<n»QC AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
«J)O«J $260 Invested: safe. conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N.y.
T AN. HOUR'S NOTICE A. ; 1 OWAN BUYS
stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 16, 25 Montgomery.
SALOON '■ PARTNER WANTED > fob to
_ enlarge ' business: f excellent - chance : for good
party. 88 Chronicle building. ; ' ;. - : - : ;.'.
AKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING - BUL-
letfn for sale; • clears $95; $2000. - Apply 982
Broadway, Oakland, v- . • .^ :..-.: ;.,;.. ; • ■...;■ ■, ■•;
TVTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
•ll close to San ' Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. .:;:;, ■■-. . .. - .; ..■•■.. - v\-:. ..v--' .-:-
-; 97 C; - CIGAR-STAN D FOX LE ; A COR-
;<P-< 10. ner. Apply 102 Ellis. Florence House.
; WTOCKB ;; OR » i STOKES BOUGHT; ' • CASH:
O short notice. 1039 Mission St., basement, left.
RESTAURANT TO . LET; , FIXTURES FOR
sale; half a block from Sutter. Apply 1212 Polk.
GENII EMAN PARTNER n WANTED; $35
capital; good business. R. 8, 121 Montgomery.
AIRY AND PRODUCE = BUSINESS, 4 LlV-
lng-rooms, for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde sU
SALOON; LONG LEASE: LOwTbENT. . AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific si."' . :-
© %AA ;Av BARGAIN — GROCERY STORE.
<J)i>W..-.Call Vermont and 23rd., -.-'■■ .-..<■■.'■■
DAIRY PRODUCE 'AT : COST; OWNER GO-
, ing to Germany. Call Office.-:; i':; . ": ■■■■■■.■:■■■■■'
SALOON :■ AND -t _ ' BOOMS 7 - TO • LET. 829
O Howard st, I
, . BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. .
m»OO£ STATIONERY - AND 'N OTIO N
<st)_t). store; wor.h $500; make offer. 118
Taylor st. L____
VJICE SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP. 817
— .' Kearny st. • > • - . - • • ■
ALOONFOB SALE; $20. 1509 VALENCIA
0 street. ' ■ ■ ■:•-•.■■.••■
: LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
P.A-ROOM HOUSE: CLEARING $100. ...51000
O\J 24 rooms; . new and g00.1....: 500
6 rooms ant* bain: flat: worth $500 .... 225
30-room house: $500 cash, baL payments... 1(500
22 rooms: corner house; new......;. .. .... 1700
14 rooms; boarding-house; 40 boarders.:... 125')
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150 3700
18-room house on Sixth 5t....:. .* - 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. DECKER _ CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Fi'th. • .. ■ ■ ■
*ffI;4KA LODGING-HOUSE: 10 ROOM!*: IN
tJP^tOV/. business center: well patronized; low
rent. See MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market su
Qfifl lodging-house: , well Fu r-
«]]?(. W. nisbed, including > fine piano; p'esent
owner kept It for 15 years. See MYERS & GRA-
HAM, 777 Market st. ■
: Tk-ROOM, CORNER HOUSE, BUTTER ST.:
M O clears monthly $250 above expenses; price.
$300u; rent, $125. WjLKE, California,
'Room 4. ' •:,-..'
1 O ROOMS, NEAR EXAMINER; MUST
XUsell; offer, wanted. SPECK <fc CO., 603
Market st. ■
40 ROOMS: HOUSE WILL CLEAR $100;
JO $1200; cash. SPECK <fe CO., 602 Market st.
OA HOUSES; $300 TO $8000. PHELPS <_
OU CO.. 917 Larkln st. ■ . ■
C CORNER LODGING-HOUSE; -32 HOOMS;
/ well furnished; rented. STRAND, 46 Third.
T ODOING-HOUsE 9 FURNISHED ROOMS,
XJ bath; sell cheap. 331 Jessie st.
BARGAIN; FINE WELL-F CBNI9HED
house' 20 rooms; steady, well-paying, respect-
able class ct patronage. 25 Ninth St.; no agents.
PL A A SIXTH-LODGING-HOUSE: 15 ROOMS;
<Jrt-± best part of city for workingmen; rent $25;
water free.
41*1 f\(\n LODGING-HOUSE. 23 ROOMS:
»iPXI/V/U. first-class condition: clears $75
monthly; rare bargain. STENBERG. 632 Market.
1 f. A ROOMING HOUSES FROM $250 TO
LO\J $10,000. See UNDERWOOD <& CO., 765
Market st.
RIVATE ROOMING-HOUSE IN best of
X order: must be sold on account of departure,
413 Four, h su .
&1 X A 7 FURNISHED RO MS; ALL RENT-
tirJt.iVF. cd. 403 Stevenson St.. cor. Fifth.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
■~~j~-~^~j~^ VWUUJVri "" r ' ----^-^~.
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.. .
Oak bed sets..... , , .............$lB 51
Bed lounges ........... 800
Stoves 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard . 55
Matting, per yard It)
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner veil th and Mission su. J.
NOONAN. _/
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices 011 household goods, newocgooil
as new; ca*n or time, open evenings.
Ai\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $TtT
ttUU stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-lounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
IpOLDING-BEDROOM SET OF 4 PIECES AND
large sofa: very cheap. 1707 Oak su
. FURNITURE WANTED.
QECOND-HANDFURNiTURe AND " OFFICE
O fixtures wanted to fill country orders. 7 City
Hall aye.
r\FFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J prices for second-band office desks or take
them in part payment for now. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
mo SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTEIN.969 Howard sU ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO PAYS
X> highes' price for furniture, carpets, etc ; send
postal. 866 Mission St. ■ ■ ... ■
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X lure and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
IGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUKNl-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; send postaL
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
TNDIANa AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
X.T. SIMMON'S' auc. Co.. 1067 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
"ToIfET : I&^Kr^ATN~6^IC^~^^AND~27
o Eighth St.; teL Jessie 1061.
pAJIPET CLEANING, Sa: LAYING. 3c. ; RUa
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198 th st.
HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
"t poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
ONKLIJN'SCARPKT eeating wokksj. »i
Golden Gate aye. < telephone east 126. -■■'—'■
pITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
VJ tine, S8 Bt_ EVENS, mgr. TeL south 258.
PARPBT3 CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO.. 23 Tenth: taU
south 38. d. MACKINTOSH & co., successor*,
IK. MITCHELL CARPET CLKAJS ING CO.. I\<l
t> . 14tU 8U : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
BICYCLES^
ICYC^BS^A^^rA^Di^sTBKISw^COST',
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
OWLER AND BEN HUB, $60: BEN HUB
X: tandem, Tribune tandem, gnod as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
OR SALE— NKW 1896 Bid CLE; 830.
DAVID N. HA WLEY, 318 Market sU
ARGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
D single wheels. 306 Post sU
PARK CYCLER NEW WHEELS TO _Bt7
XT best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo>
AUlater and Powell sU rur lines. ■ •
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
OOIT WATCHDOG FOR^SALeT^GREAT
Dane breed. 434 Fifth st.
HUFFLE-BOAKD FOX SALE CHEAP AT
0 1100 Kentucky su ' ■
6 ARMED CHANDELIER IN PERFECT OB-
der: at a sacrifice. 321 Hyde st. ■
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
v-ULL BLOOD FEMALE NEWFOUNDLAND,
X I 125 pounds. Address Golden Gate. P. O. box 87.
POFFEE MILL, SCALES, LRTTER PRESS
V stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
\] O. 1 FRESH COW. F.W. HUTCHISON, COR-
i-» ncr Sutter and Claremont aye., Temescal.
VIEW '96 BICYCLE CHEAP. 317 THIBD
.Li sU, upstairs.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANDKAT-
Xj tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su,
near Mission. , . '
PLENDID . REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,
$46: others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 Cat.
1) OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
J> waterpipes. Mclntosh <fe Wolpman. 137 Beala.
OUNT KH s. SHE ING. SHOWCASES*
bars bough: <t sold. 1121 V 8 Alarkt.bet 7th A
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth,
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAJSFO&D,
415 Washington st. . . __^
2 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
gine: good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, eta, for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDiI M AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market 1:.
VIEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN HKCONJJ"
IX hand. W. S. RA V Mfg Ca. 2 California su
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
— *■ -Tented, repaired: lowest rates. "05 Fourth st.
HORSES.
rpWO GOOD HORSES AND WAGON FOB
X sale cheap. 564 Howard st. . .
OR SALE-LARGE, HIGH-BRED, STYLISH,
fast young driving mare, of great endurance;
very > desirable Box 20, Agnews, Santa Clara Co.
IF YOUR HORSES ARE NOT WELL CARED
X for call at Palace Livery and Hoarding table
112 New Montgomery st.: rates very rea sonable
I AKGE YOUNG DKAFTHOKSES; HALTER
J > broken; ' cheap; the Hyde ranch. 630 Com-
mercial sU : ' -' '-- ■ ■ - : ■■
(■ft HEAD DRIVING ASDWOKK HORSES;
IOU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
I i of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern ■
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister at.. S. F.
1 m SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HA
10U ness, all kinds; wagons, Duggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
T/i/k SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND Hit
OUU ness: all kinds: buggy .waeon, carts, surrey
_ rocka wav ; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~A(\ HOR-ES i-'Ott' SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
ri\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor 34
'Market, 327 Slx:h su; auction sales every Wed_e*>
day. SULLIVAN A DQYI.K. Auctioneer" 1. '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
VTEW AND BECOND-HANDBAKERS', LAUN^
Xi dry- milk and grocery wagons; also lockaway
and 2 fine baggies. ' 828 Harrison st. ' '^
J.OR SALE. AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
\V carriages of even- dose iptlon; cash, notes Of
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. F.
PHYSICIANS. ;
"C. 6. O'DONNKLvmie'MARKET, COrT
Golden Gat ttve. ; d iseases of women a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his 1 museum, 1 1051 Market .■ st. ; his 30 years l
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treat meas;
ike worst cases treated saUafacturUj by axgXU ~7n HOUSES TO LET.
Q_OX EACH: 1404 AND 1406 CALIFORNIA
'IT O«J st., nr. Hyde: 2 fine houses of 10 rooms and
bath in each; reduced from $45: handy to town,
fine location, ««tc. : a bargain. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE «fe CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery st.
RIVATii HOTEL, « OR. MCALLISTER AND
-^JL Laguna: two floors, containing 35 rooms, Includ-
ing large dining-room and kitchen. For part
lars, address MADISON BURKE. 626 Market st.
QUNNV 9-ROOM HOUSE: LAKGIi UAt_-
-0 ment: garden; stable; rooms tinted; parlor,
halls frescoed; Mission warm bet; locality good.
420 Bartlett St., near Twenty-fifth. -
1 Fvl A JONES— B \ V - WINDOW HOUSE; 7
■ijiX—" rooms; bath; large basement; yard; fine
marine view; half block from Jackson-st. cars.
©19 HOUSE 6 ROOMS. 3258 TWENTY
<JJl_.'. second bet. Valencia and Bartlett.
97f>A TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR HAMP-
— 1 \J\J shire— 6 rooms, bath, yard: rent 916. •
ffl>9fl 2814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
<_?— iVf . $14—1831 Union st. ; house 4 rooms.
"VTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
— 'I Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sansome st.
"I 7f\X HOWARD ST.-9 ROOMS AMD BATH:
J-lUOyard and basement; rent very cheap:
newly painted and renovated throughout. R. Me-
ELROY, 4 Phelan building.
1 f )t\ TAYLOR— HOUSE 10 ROOMS, BATH;
XO__\J fine view; rent $40. Apply 929 Broadway.
OUR PRINTED LIST MAK-S HOUSE-
hunting a pleasure: call or send for one.
SHAINWALD, 2UCKBEK & CO., 218 and 220
Montgomery st.
G HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
California and Laguna sts. Go see it.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. • ■
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE, 8392 TWENTY -
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence: very low rent See It.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Q] Fb^TRfEENTH^^)TT^LG^"6^ROOJrSi
<7-LO bath, large yard, stable; rent orleaae.
COTTAGE-OF4 ROOMS TO LKT; BATH AND
all the latest improvements: 10 minutes' walk
from Berryman station. 8., box 48, Call Office.
Q|A Xii COTTAGE IN TOWN; 3 TAY ST.,
l\J.<jyr. off Clay, between Powell and Mason.
<£Q COTTAGE 4 ROOMS. 327 CUMBER-
<g) O. land at.. nr. Church, bet. 19th and 20th.
OTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR A
\J large family. Apply 82Q:y_ Jessie, off Ninth.
pOTTAGB 4 ROOMS; LAROE YARD: STA-
\J ble in rear. 218 Coillngwood st.
»i] "1 NEAT cottage for small fam-
<PXX. ily. 18 Johnston aye., near Geary st.
K EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter. Franklin and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st,
FLATS TO LET. _ -_
&]O MIDDLK~SUN^f FLAT~T^OOMT
O-LO. bath, yard. 10 Shotwell. nr. Fourteenth.
VLAT OF 8 LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
X gas and bath. 810 O'Farrell st.
Q9_) FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH, HOT AND
C — *->' cold water. 410 Eddy sU
Ql Q NICE FLAT; 4 KOOMS. 14 MOSS ST.,
<^?XO. bet. Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. ■
Ql '_) HY.DE ST— THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
OX*j m the city; centrally located; 6 minutes
from Kearny and Market: 8 rooms, bath: butler's
pantry, etc. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market
St., city.
O~CTAVIA, UET. WALLER AND HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia: rent greatly reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city; sun all day; will be put
In first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $-0
and 925. MaDISON & BURKK.
IF YOU WANT A ICE SUNNY FLAT,
JL house or cottage, see us; we have some nice fur-
nished cottases to let. LUBELSKI & CHASE,
7 City Hall are.
1 £.1 Ol MISSION— FLAT 6 LARGE, SUNNY.-
X.0X02 papered rooms; ba:h; laundry; water
free.
Q_ i)l\ 7 "ROOM.-*; NEW; BEAUTIFUL
«_s_-U. view. 2605 Larkin st. .
_9(* FULTON— SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
J-U rooms; rent $10. __
<J_9l rrj FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT; 6
C_.L.<JU rooms and bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts.
""DENT $16: UPPER FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND
XV bath. 3374 Nineteenth St.. near Mission.
V, LAT— II2O BROADWAY: 4CHOICE SUNNY
J_ rooms: $14. ' --■■ ■ ' -■'- ;
■^99i~JEbSIE— FLAT 6 ROOMS; PAPERED;
O_y_,a gas; bath; $17. --
(J]j4)/\ GRAND 6-KOOM TOP , FLAT. 18-5
tip -, \J . Green St., or SPECK & CO. ;
I 9H ASH AVfc.. OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
1 _.v Polk— Sunny lower flat; 915.
9 UNION— S BOOMS, BATH, $17 50:
— 1108 Union, 7 rooms, bath. $20; 801
Union, 3 rooms, $12: 25 Minna. 4 rooms, $11.
9 SUN BAY-WINDOW- 4-KOOli FLATS;
— ■ i cheap. Niu. cor. Polk and Jackson sis
QUNNY FLAT: COR. GOUGH A-SD GROVE
■ 0 sis.-. 6 rooms and bath; 9-7 60. Key at
WHITE'S Drugstore.
UPPER FLAT. 4 ROOMS, BATH, 512 a FELL
»-J st. ; also upper flat, 3 rooms, on Linden aye.
Inquire 61- Buchanan st. -■ -' - '
"I Ql SHERIDAN, NEAR NINTH— 4 LARGE j
Xtj'4 roms: hall: nearly new; rent $14. -
V LEG ANT FLAT 7 ROOMS: NEWLY PAINT-
X-i ed and renovated, v 827 Howard, near Fourth.
UNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS, BATH. 604^_
Thirteenth St., ncre >r Gnerrera :
JiiRENcH FLAT: 4 KOOMS, BATH; WASH-
X' house and stationary tubs., 3941 Gu rrero si.
J^LAT: 3ROOMS.BATH: NEWLY PAPERED;
Mission warm belt. 3513 21st, nr. Valencia.
■\TICK UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS: NEWLY
—> renovated : rent reasonable. 327 Haight st.
Qjl A 6 ROOMS. BATH. RANGE; LARGE,
tjpj-v'. sunny porch. Jersey and Sanchez sis.
q*9A 14.5 SACRAMENTO ST., SO. _JU_-
—U. Flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath. ;
<3; I 9 FLAT 4 LARGE"SUNNY ROOMS. 257
«u)l— . Dore St., off Harrison, near Ninth.
XTICE SUNNY FLATS: 4 OR 6 ROOMS;
— > bath: reasonable. 8 Dearborn St., off seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
fl_Q Xf\ LOW-R FLAT; 5 SUNNY ROOMS.
i&O.VXJ. 376 Sanchez St., near .seventeenth.
AT£W MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 25TH AND
-> Folsom. J. A. ULRICH, 41 Crocker build
QUNNY FLAT— 7 ROOM-?, BATH. 124 FUL-
-0 ton st., near Van Ness aye.
LEGANT FLAT— II3B FULTON ST., OPPO-
XJ site Alamo square.
XT OCR PRINTED LIST OF PLACES TO
let; will save you lots of time. SHAIN-
WALD, BLCKBEE&CO.. 218-220 Montgomery.
ANTED— GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»» from $10 up tor flats, cottages. SPECK _
CO., 602 Market st. ,
3 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and 99. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
/CHOICE SUNNY FLATS; 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
bath: Parkview. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
LATS TO KENT . FoR VERY LITTLE
FLATS TO H_.\T FoX VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
}«' LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. HE-
It low Brvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
~T vV r E_KS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL. la -rapper, for mailing.
£i", HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Broadway. .
AAQ BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
ttUO housekeeping rooms; also single.
Bryant Street.
_(QA BRYANT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, NICELY
luU furnished for housekeeping; also single.
. Capp' Street.
1 OH Pi CAPP— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
X\J\JO room for light housekeeping; bath.
Dore Street. :
OA Q DORE— FOUR LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
O^tO rent $10.
a. tidy HI 1 cow.
Q-1. 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROO M 8:
•71 4 nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family. / • " . - - ■ - .. - :
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
• *i«J nished rooms; fine location; private fam
fly: gas range; reference. :... ;.--■' -.-'
Fillmore Street.
_irt 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
tgs_LU.' family. 2212 Flllmore st., near Clay.
1 Jit Street.
991 FIFTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
___. 1 front housekeeping rooms, with kitchen;
ether rooms..-:.:, ■-, v .■■■■:•---.-■■• '■•'-■-. . -
>»9X FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
-jO keeping; 3. $13; 2. $10; single. $5. '
Glen Park Avenue. # ""
C ,EN PARK AYE. OFF TWELFTH ST.—
•'Viiree unfurnished housekeeping rooms: closets.
i-uiueu bate At«ia»i
-1 nAO GOLDRN G A IE AYE.— LARGE WELL
X\J\)-\i furnished * sunny ■ room for ; light : house-
keeping middle flat; reasonable. . -. . -. •: :
ir,A GOLDEN GATE A YE.-FINELY _fUR-
JD 1 U nished bay window a cove; complete
housekeeping prlvl eges: sun all day: $12.
~ ~ Haight Street.
00 A HAIGHT - FUNNY FURNISHED
t-Z\J rooms for housekeeping or without. .
Howard street., : -
►CO HOWARD — 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
DuO complete for housekeeping; rent 97.
Hi* 1 1 HOWARD ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
IDJa parlor suite with kitchen and others;
reasonable. ' ■■"'■■';-"■;'■■-'.-'■■■.•■■-- '■''-'■■':"-'.'■ ■■■■'■.j
1 UCil' HOWARD — 2 ROOMS COMPLETE
1 DUO for hou-ekeeping: gas; private family,.
1 Onn HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH-3 I
1 OUU or 4 sunny rooms; cheap. |
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS - Continued.
Jackson Street.
QQA JACKSON. NR. MASON-FURNISHED
iIZX) sunny front housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9,
single, $4. ' - "
Kearny Street.
C OR LKSS ; ROOMS. KEARNY, NEAR ' BUT-
O ter; gas and water free. i Api-ly 15 Grant aye.
Lacuna Street.
— 1 n LAGUNA, HAYES-2 OR SPWNY
OID housekeeping rooms or large double room,
for gentleman; no children. .
Larkin Street.
4I 7 LARKIN - NICELY FUR NISHED
41 i sunny rooms for housekeeping: also single.
Leiiveaworrh Street. ,
OO£ LEAVENWORTH - LARGE Y^UR-
Z-.D nished room: American family of adults.
Martha Place.
O MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY ST. NEAR
0 Mason— 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
111 11:1 »tr«*».
'1 r A MINNA— 3 OR 4 HOUSEKEEPING
404 rooms; furnished: lower floor; separate en-
trauce. • -
CylQ MINNA-2 BUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O'-rO rooms; first floor. . -■ ' .
diunion ■"««..
QOQ MISSION— FRONT SUNNY HOUSE-
O_-J keeping rooms: 910 each per month.
QOQ MISSION— TWO PLEASANT SUNNY
ODO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
To I 1 MISSION - SUNNY FRONT FUR-
-I_sl I nished rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing! al<o single. _—
1 -I<-)U MINION — PLEASANT SUITE , OF
1 OZD rooms for housekeeping; every conveni-
ence^ '-.-■■- / ' -
tiatom» Street.
1 NATOMA, REAR, NEAR ELEV-
-IUUO enth —S8 50; 3 lower housekeeping
rooms: nice yard. _______________
New Montgomery dtreei.
iAr NEW MONTGOMERY - NEWLY PA-
-IUO pered front furnished housekeeping suite:
cheap.
.Ninth Street.
Q-l NINTH— BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT
ZiX housekeeping: also others.
Octavia Street.
1 Af\O OCTAVIA, COB. GEARY — FRONT
ltiUO bay window, furnished or partly ; kitchen
optionaL .-'•'■■ ■ . ■
Page Street.
1 QOO PAGE — 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED
XO-j— i rooms; light housekeeping.
Pearl Street. \
_I PfiARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
0 Alcove room and kitchen; well furnished; 915.
] Perry Street.
1 An PERRY, BUT. THIRD AND FOURTH—
ItD 2 nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
terms reason 01 c. -^^
hoik Street. ■
-1 f\f\cy POLK. COR.OEARY-ELEGANT SUITE
_LUU__of rooms; completely- furnished for
housekeeping In modern apartment house: sunny
all day; new bnildincr; fine mantel: large closets;
sink In kitchen and all conveniences; rent $17 60;
references exchanged.
. M_th Street.
"I OK SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
xZiO housekeeping rooms and others.
Seventh Street.
1 Oft SEVENTH — NICE SUNNY FUR-
J OO nished front housekeeping rooms; yard;
reasonable. : ■ -
Stevenson Street. -
/i_9 STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
O'dr — Eighth— furnished housekeeping rooms:
bath: central. - .:
Union Street.
OH Ql UNION — CONVENIENT; 3 ROOMS;
OUOB rent $8. .
'lay lor .Street.
IAQ TAYLOR, NEAR MARKET—
JLUO furnished sunny room and kitchen; hot
and cold water; front single room. ;
OAR TAYLOR— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
-.40 bath. - ■ ■ -
Tehama Street.
AQQ TFHAMA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
—GO housekeeping; rent reasonable.
AA Q TEfIAMA — 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
"dtTrO housekeeping, connected; well furnished.
Twenty-sixth (street.
QOni7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
000 1 Nicely furnished • house-eeuiag rooms;
yard; low rent. • ".-- ■"
V_u >es« Av«auK,
,«QQ VAN NESS AVK.-3 NICELY FUR-
-400 nisbed rooms for housekeeping.
Washington street.
-I £AQ WASHINGTON, BETWEEN LARKIN
I\)\J'J and Polk— 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. ■■■-■. -, ■ ■
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
— <— Jg renting agency; no fee for registering.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THK
WEEKLY CALL, in wraDoer. for mailing.
BOOMS TO LET.
' California Street.
QAQ CALIFORNIA. COR. POWELL— PLEAS-
O— 'O ant corner: sunny suite; reasonable to gen-
tlemen; references.
Carlos Place.
C CARLOS PLACE, OFF O'FARRELL—
tJ front room in a private family.
■ -"fcui h :-u«a., .
CHKRMAIf APARTMEMT HOUSE. 7* BTH
O ■:.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i.uuv Street.
9Q EDDY. YORK HOUSE— SUNNY NEWLY
—•' renovated front suite, $15; housekeeping;
cheap. ■'.■-■'..' :
ii() EDDY— B.»Y-W IN DOW FRONT SUITE;
IJO cheap; other newly furnished ro >ms: $6 up.
91 A EDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
— . J us' of bath: lor 2 gentlemen. " '
ij,, u . DDV— .NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
v)_, U rooms; gas and all conveniences; reasona-
ble. ~
_,iiiH *»t-»-eei.
rpHE KAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 3.
1 HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cola wa.er.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O-Ct 1 lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
r-i n E_Lis— Handsome parlors, clOs-
OXD et, water; other large pleasant rooms; trea-
sonable.
Fifth street^
QQ FIFTH— DOUBLE AND SINGLE SUNNY
00 rooms; nicely furnished; reasonable.
9QA FIFTH— FURNISHED ROOM FOR
—<O\J 1 or 2 gents; use of ba. 1. ;
1 olsom Street. "
QC7I FOLSOM-SUNNY FRONT PARLOR;
VO I 2 bedroom off; furnished; 93 per week.
Pulton Street.
1 1(K FULTON — 2 LARGE ROOMS; FUR-
-1 1 U nished complete for housekeeping: sunny
side; large yard. - • : .
— ear— Mree..
79-1 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
; I _. 1 rooms.
_ ultlea <>ate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— I SUNNY BAY-
— LO window; also single: 95 up.
907 GOLDEN GATE - NEATLY FUR-
—<O 1 niched hall bedroom; $6.. - -
GOLDEN GATE AVK. - PLEASANT
UX\J sunny rooms; terms reasonable.
1 f\oo OO^DEN GATE AYE, COR, LAGUNA
X\J\JVr st.— Handsomely furnished, large, sunny,
bay-window room, in middle flat: also suncy sin-
gle room, $9. --^. ;
Cough street.
1 f-0^ GOUGH-LARGE FRONT RUNNY
1' 1 \JO alcove room and large sunny room con-
necting; furnished or unfurnished; board op-
tional; private family: reference. -
liroTe Street.
I rkC GROVE-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
lUt> front rooms, 98 and $7.
Hickory Avenue. . ""
•I 90 HICKORY AYE., NEAR GOUGH— 3
J._.t7 large unfurnished rooms; 97; more if de-
sired Apply upstairs. : •.'•.•..- -■-'
".:. --oum.u Sties.". .
1 7RQA HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT
1 I OO room for lady with reference; private.
■■yue Street. '•
1 QK HYDE-SUNNY; FURNISHED FRONT
100 rooms; . rent reasonable. ; ~. , : . ;
7fjQA HYDE 1.. BET. sUTTKR AND POST—
. I \JU Furnished suite of sunny front rooms. -
Jones Street.,
nf\— .'UNFR-THE VaN WINKLR; NKW
_-' ' I manaKement: :: rlegaas , fanny suite* r anil .
tingle: newly sumishefl; bath, etc.: *lo to s:«i. ;
Qfk I JONES — ELEGANTLY : FURNISHED
O\J - euany rooms; hot and cola water; private."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1896.
ROOMS TO JLET— Continued.,
Emiht Mreo.. .
90 KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
—') terms reasonable: quiet house. .'"-> ■• '. ' ;
on KEARNY— WELL- FURNISHED FRONT
Ols sunny suite; single rooms; electric-lights.
.4 BLINGTON s HOUSE, il27?Ci KKARNY —
J\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every; respect; terms reasonable.
4-1 f\ KEARNY — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
'11 suites; all conveniences; bachelor; married
couple. ■ ■.'■-•■■- -.'.-;.'". -: - .--. .--.-"-> ■■--< -:,-
Lewis Street. ;
■I Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOK. NEAR SUTTER—
_LO 4 unfurnished rooms; $14: water free. • '--.
.I.bike; -.i co . j •
-1 riQ-i 1 MARKET— ROOMS; NEW-
l.U_wi2 ly renovated; en suite and single; from
*1 50 to $7 60 a wee_.
V OSKM HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 niKht. H6c to 91 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
-I 1 O. » MARKET — NICELY • FURNISHED
- rooms ;i!oub:e bed;s2 week suites, $5.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PL. OFFICE, OFF GEARY,
above Mason— Large room, with stove, $7:
also single sunny room, $5 month. - > - .
Mason Street.
OOF; MASON, COR. O'FARRELL-NICELY
Z_-«J furnished sunny rooms: en suite or single.
Q )ii MASON .-iT., NEAR GEARY— CHOICE
»>ZO sunny suite; also single rooms; $12 and
$25.- - .:- ■ •''■••--' ■ : •-■■■■---.:'-
McAllister Street.
9O£a MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL-
_jZO Sunny front rooms; ; $8 and $10; private
family. . ' '
■ Jumna M.reo:. . .
A 1 Q MINNA-FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
*± XV en, first floor. l
A r A MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN-
t:OU ny front room; large closet: $4.;
CiW7 MINNA, COX. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DD I nbhed bay- window rooms: $1 per week.
i'osl street. «
OO Ql POST— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FXTR-
_j_.O2 nished: rent reasonable: ''The Domus."
£Q1 POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM.;
OOJL single; gas, water, bath; $5 month.
_.»lon ■-« ree—
Q7O MISSION. COR! fifth - ELEGANT
0 I _. front suite, well established as doctor's
offices: also other sonny rooms: reasonable. ..-.■■;
O'-arrell Street.
1 Ot) O' FAR BELL-LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
I__ room; elegantly furnished; conveniences;
central: reasonable. . .
C.IQO'FARKELI— NICE ROOM FOR GEN-
O-. O tleman in private small family; good home.
Q4ir O'FARRELL ST.-SUNN V FURNISHED
O-jO rooms; private family; rent moderate.
Powell Street.
Ol Q-214 POWELL* ( WILLIBFORD)— EN.
_. I—, tirely renovatea throughout: newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
Prospect Place.
1 OQ PROSPECT SINGLE FRONT FUR-
-1 _j%> liished room with German family; $5 m nth.
seventh Street.
.1 AC) SEVENTH— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
It:—, housekeeping: also single rooms.
Mxilißime .
1 OA 81XTH (CHANGED HANDS)— NICELY
J__,U furnished front rooms: everything new.
Sixteenth Street.
QOQQ SIXTEENTH— ONE OR TWO SUNNY
_,O_J_ 1 fur. rooms, with or without housekeeping.
Mevfn*on Street,, .
CO-OPERATIVE HOUSE. 829 STEVENSON—
\J Rooms lean and cheap; reading-room.
Stockton Street..
900 STOCKTON, COR. GEARY— SUNNY
—*\J\J furnished front rooms; cheap; references.
•VTEW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STi-CKTON—
_i Front suites: single rooms; bousekping-.cheap.
tuner >ireec.
QAQ BUTTER-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO $1 26 to $10 wk; night 2cc to $1 60: transU
- rvo SUITER, COR. ELEGANTLY
lUP newly furnished sunny rms. : suite or single.
BUTTER — HANDSOME ROOMS AND
suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable. | :
Ill] —NICELY . UKNISHJ-D
111 JL rooms, suites or single; also housekpg.
1 1 dX -UTTER. CORNER POLK — _ •OR 3
J. iiO connecting front rooms, over Wake] ee's
drugstore, suitaUe for doctor or any other busi-
ness. '-, .-. ... .; , ' ;
1 1 A QSUTTER, COR. POLK-SUNNY ROOMS;
■i -I"O nicely furnished: light housekeeping. -
la) ior Street.
Cl O TAYLOR— NEWLY FURMBHED SUN-
tllUny single and double rooms: private family.'
n-\ 9 TAYLOR— SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
U J _j also suite; references required.
Tenth Street. :
11l TENTH — LARGE BUNNY COR. BAY-
11l window rooms; also unfurnished; house-
keeping. • ■
Third Sirees.
00 A THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
001 good accommodations: water free; $6.
\ uu Ness Avenue.
909 VAN NESS AYE. — 2 ELEGANTLY
— <O— l furnished front rooms, bright and sunny:
$15 each.
Q/iO VAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
O' '_y nished cunny ro ma; terms moderate.
■--«-—-— 1 1 —-—___.
BOARDING; and rooms.
r7TQ~POST— 2 NICELY^ FURyTsHED^LARGE
• JL__< rooms, suitable for 2, with board ; $20 each.
HK WILMOT.72B GUTTER— THOROUGHLY
X • renovated: elegantly furnished sunny suites
and square rooms; first-class table.- . prompt
service; ready for guests September J 5.
Q/-JQ VAN NESS AVE.— DKSIRABLE SUNNY
OUO rooms: «rst-cla>s table ooard; reasonable '
AIO EDDY-3 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
I_j rooms wi h board room for 2 gents ; $40.
HOT-.L BKKi'U.Mj. '.14 j.USH- A FAMILY
hotel: references give— tuid ii^uired; nil uiOU-
»m «onvpnipnf"< * .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
\\fANTED-CHILDREX TO BOARD IN
• 'pleasant home; best of care. Call or address
1819 Webster at.. Alameda. .
191 7 1 KEN -ENGLISH LADY WOULD
J_-jJ_ t a child to board; location healthful.
QTOCKTON LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHIL-
O dren to board; location healthful. Addiess
47 North Grant St.. Stockton, Cal. »
STORES TO LET. ■
t2roißETGl?£RJ<E7roTNT£^^
O sts. ; concrete cellar; built for druggist; best in
Mission for drugstore. . v r ~
CTORE; VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
k- s:s.: choice location; adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store ■ ■ : ;l
OLD-ESTABLISHED BARBER-SHOP. IN-
quire at 289 third, bet » and 6 p.m. ,-
LUMBER OR PAINTER 1 0 RENT HALF
of light basement: 10-foot entrance, ANDES*
«ON & FRANKLIN, carpenters. 814 Bnsh st.
OFFICES TO I.ET.
A 1 A KEAKNY— SUNNY SUITES. MODERN
lIKJ conveniences, for professional purposes;
low rent. • ■ ; . .-.'.■.:.,.■.■..;■ ... ■- ,
QPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 -.-. MARKKT-
-0 Elegant snnnv offices, $12 50 up: electric-light; I
beating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldlaj
orG. H. UMBSKN <fe CO.. 14 Mnmrom*- st. ':^
'~ ! . . -.' DENTISTS. ■". -, ; ' '.'■:.■ ;■:--.;
A^~TL^ r wo^K~TO 9urrTTH'E^ : mE^T^
jT\ warranted. DR. i RKA, 1870 Market St.,
front City Hall. ;^ *
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
V ; ket. bet 3d and 4th: gas specialists; only reliable
agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth from
$5; fillings from $1: extracting 6'lc,, with gas $1.
1 vit. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST ,
XJ near Eleventh; I no charge for extracting whet
plates are made; old ■ plates made over like new; |
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given. 1
R. iik.oa.iix: W. ■ LEEK, TriE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge, work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell St.,
"L^ULL . SET OF TEETH, : $7; WARRANTED
J? five years; >i traction. 50a; fillings, 50c. :
crowns, $3 60.. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
JpiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; * FIRST-CLASH
1 prices; first-class results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 500 butter
K. L. ■ T. I 'RAN_— EXTRACTION PAINLESS ;
crown work, - bridge : work -■> and 1 teeth without
plates a specialty. 108 Geary st., cor. Grant ay». * •
<_»/? A !■-'!' FOR tketh: warranted A*
tjp i good as can be made: filling $1. 5 Dr. SIMM:*,
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. "
V>A UNLESS , ACTION, f 6Oc; CROWN
IT bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari
»xper«ence.i R. L. WALSH. D,D.S.. 815»4 Geary i
ti. -■L'CK-.T'i, 1703 s POsT ST..I NEAR BU-
cn«nan; pas given; crown and brldee worn.-;.
LL > WORK ri REASON A BLK AND WAR-
. ranted. j PR J. W. KEY. 1122 Market sU'g-g
XT OF TIfIETH WITHOUT i-_i'i'_ __,>_;
G. Yul'Ki., 1841 Polk > >r; ;.: --.-..- ,
/ 101/L'ON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUd _l_.it
\J tot __>; DR. CHARLES W. DECKK R. : : . : .
K. J.J. LEEK. 1200 MARKET, COR. OOLDEN
Gate I aye. | evenings : | iSundaya | till noon. $
• - WEEK'S '* NEWS - FOB ? B ; CENTS — TH_
A W£iiJ£_ _■ C-JUU -.wrapper. for nuUiiac. .
'- - personals. _'______ _ :/.
? K.-T00 1 bu 8 yT^uetterTT " T. ~^~ r ~~ r ~
- . : "' '•'-'-" ' : -'-- ::; " .--- : -'~" ■■■ ■ O.K.
PERSONS HAVING 1 CLAIMS ■ FOR JURY
X services, rendered in criminal conns under the
fe<> bill of 1895, can have the same collected at a
charge of 16 per cent. For particulars apply at
rooms 71-73, Nevada block, or to 933 Greenwich
street P. J. BaG.iN. ■■.--■ ..- : ■■■.■.'■:-.■:■. - ,-v^...-. y.,>
GOLD AND SILVER FIGHTS DON'T AF-
vT feet my business; I'll dress the hair just as
skillfully as ever for -sc : have enlarged my estab-
lishment: have you tried "Quinonla" hair tonic for
dandruff? 35c a bottle. G. * LEDERER, 111
___£__£_________________ _____ '__ ____________________2_____;
PNORMOUS PROFITS— MEN WANTED IN
XU every county | on the Pacific Coast |to sell the
"Lightning Scissors Sharpener" : | best seller jto be
found; send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
Address E. C. STOWK, box 841, Ban Jose. Cal.
FALL COURSE, . HEALTH TALKS, COM-
mence September 10. Vlavi Hall, 2304 Van
Ness aye., at 3p. m. - ' : ; ' ; .'- - . ■■ :■■■:- -, »-. ; ; .. ■--. -.
AGGAGK HELD FOR UNPAID BILLS AT
the Lapham House, 506 Jones st, will be sold'
at auction on premises Tuesday, Sept. 1,1896,5 p. m.
MECHANICS' FAIR SHOW CARDS CHEAP;
1»1 business cards, $1 50 ,: per 1000. HILL, Tty*
Geary st . y .-'.■-.•■'. ;.;-. ':--.,-■> ..;■;'-,.
rjiHE OLD STAND IS OPKN AGAIN; 254
I- Eighth st.: 1 600 1 second-band boots and shoes
must be sold to-day at low price. .: : ■.- . .,
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A 6PE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections,- wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Kureau; lega
everywhere. y Address P. O. box 2432, 6. F., CaL
RS. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101
Grant aye., room 10. .:
HYSICIANS OR DRUGGISTS OFEXPERI-
ence and : means who desire to ge~. well loc -ted
before winter sets in. please write for Information
to DR. vV M. B. LOVETT. Paradise, Butte County
Cal. City references, REDINGTON &CO.,LANG-
LEY A MICHAELS CO., PROF. B. R. SW AN.
IF • MRS. MINNIE HEDLEY WILL LEAVE
her address with A. E., box 40. this office, she
will hear of something to her advantage.
riTHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and bth.
CONFINEMENTS ATTENDED BY KEOU.
V lar physician; $15 upward. A., box 98, Call.
ORRIS BERRY, FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Ems. 45-4«: ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order guaranteed ;low prices
TRUN X DKLIVKHKD 25C. BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 67.
ajj a pants to order; sample by mail.
C* WERTHMAN Pants Company; local agents
wanted everywhere. 22y_ Geary street.
DVICE FREE ALL PRIVATE LAW MAT-
ters; mod, tees. Atty. McCABE, 1027 Market.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
ei»sses: Instructors, J. H. E. Partinsiton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029^ Market St..
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal. •
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, I moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth. ,
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor, Razor Exchge,63oMarket
VELVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 30 Sansome st, upstairs.
1G OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW K VK-
-17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of boil'
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market «t
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 par
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"I IBKIUL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J-.VV-
JJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 84S Market st -.'
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought.. t'OLMAN. 41 3<l. cor. Jo*sl«.
DRESSMAKERS.
_M^T^^A^y^ST~vTLISH~D^E^SE^rS5 VN uK
t J-U/j dresses made over: patterns cut to order.
RESSKS 92 up; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up 505% Natomast, above Sixth.
TYLISH SUITS. *3 UP: SKIRTS, 76c UP;
> tit guaranteed. 659^ Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
EDUCATIONAL.
Tl7TNTl?D^_rA!roTf!^
'» age educational enterprise in southern Califor-
nia: full control of 5 enmities. Call between hours
of 9 and 12 _. M. at 622 Central Bank building,
Oakland. > ; . ■ .. ...-.;.-.-. -,- ..
A' YRES'.THE LEADINUTELEGRAPHYCOIr
lege, 825 Montgomery St.; individual I Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, ■ bookkeeping, etc: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month. .
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses *. less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; , day and night
T7INGLISH BRANCHKS TAUGHT: ENGLISH
SU literature; letters written. -. MISS FAGEN, 427
Sutler st. __■ -r ' . y .::■ -■; •';-:■• -"■■',■■••."--'■ -
OICE CULTURf, ELOCUTION AND _»■•._-
V sarte taught thoroughly; 25" 'esson. ,749 Fol-
som st. - - ■..-".■■.-■-.- .-■ ■■....-•.-■ ■ ' ■ -.
'TEACHER: ASSISTS PUPILS IN GERMAN,
1 Latin-Ureek. French, arithmetic. E. 5.,411 Mason
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDO-IN BA.\-
jfv jo. 406 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
"OOOKKPNO, WRITNO, ARITHMTC, ORA. MR
I > day A ni ht: nncla^ses . $5 month. 84 5 Mission
KOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIO_IN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
UITAK MANDOLJN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 89 Fifth.
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,slnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14. 100- Polk
R. «fe M hS. KOLANIER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 935 Market st, opp. Mason
.. ELAbCO'- LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
- > Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, ME.
O chanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
nssßy: estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 72H Mkt,
T>ROFESSORU. MANSFIELD,. TEACHER OF
X violin .guitar, . mandolin, bacio. : 1707 War ■
AN JO. PIANO, MANDOLIN THOROUGHLY
taught; 60c a lesson. 126 Tenth st.
STORAGE.
Si OP. A.G K-CHEA PEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proot building: advances made. . 211 Larkln. .
TORAOK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY : FIRE-
-0 proof building; advances made.; 211 Larkin.
TfiUKNITURE. PIANOS,. TRUNKS; AD-
X vatices, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2OA Post
, B. SMITH ■• FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof buildint: Kasterq- plan.
LEGAL NOTICES. [
1> In the Superior Court, in and for the I Cit- and
County of ■ Fan Francisco, Staie of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. - In the matter of the estate of
LEW is SOHER, deceased.' ■- ■ '
-. Notice Is he eby given, that ' in pursuance of an
order *of the ; Superior , Court •. of ; the City and
County of San Francisco, ' Stale of , California,
made on the Sth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHKK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of I LEWIS SOHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
rash end subject to confirmation by said superior
Court, on THURSDAY, th 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock M., at auction salesrooms
of G. :H. Umbsen & 1 Co., I No. 14 I Montgomery
straet la the city and County of san Francisco,
all the right title. interest ■ and estate of ; tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at. the time of bis death,
and all : the right, title and interest f vhat the
said estate - has, -by > operation of ' law ; or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the lime of bis
death, in and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land 1 situate and- being in th City and
County of t*ao Francisco, .state or. California,
bounded and described as follows:; ! ;
■ First— Commencing at a point on ; the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six Inch s easterly - from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly : line of Bush street
thirty feet, thence at | right angles southerly i one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six 'inches,
thence -at. right angles westerly thirty • feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment ' Being part of 50-vara lot No. 1367 ai laid
down on the official Map of the City of San Fren-
Cisco
. cond— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of O'Farrell' street distant thereon < one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and' six inches easterly
from the easterly line of .Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos I place, J thence at I right I angles southerly
along said westerly ..line of Carlos place ninety-
seven leet and six Inches, thence at right angles
westerly * fifty-eight feet, - and . 1 hence <■ at ; right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet and six inches
to said southerly line of Farrelt street and to the
point of commencement, b?ing part of 50-vara lo;
No. 964 on the official map of the City of San
Francisco.'-"- ' : X -'- •- " ' •-•• ; .- • '■-. ■■" .-. ■■■:
■■■■: Terms • and : conditions of ; sale: Cash, lawful
money of : the . United I .states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid 10 the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser. <■■'•
>:•: KM ILE SOHER, Administrator with • the will
annexed , of / the , estate of Lewis sobjch,'*. de-
ceased. , _.
Dated August 18, 1896.'
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator.
-; ■-..■..--■: --:-■-.:■>■--■ - Mills building. ; r, > V
EPARTMENT NO. 9. PROBATE- «N THE
Superior court In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California,' In ! the ; mat-'
ter of the estate of MA RiON DE RO, deceased. ; ■;■
:■■■'■• Notice iB hereby given, that ; FRIDAY the 4th
day of I September," A. D. 1896, at 10 : o'clock a. m.
of said day, and the courtroom of Department No.
9 of said court, at < the new : City; Hall, in the City
and County of San Francisco," Si ate of > California,'*
have been appointed as the time- and place for
proving : the » will 3 of said j MARION DE r RO, de- ■.
ceased, and for hearing the application of Andrew
J. ; Binney % for > the 5 issuance rto ? him of ; letters
testamentary thereon. .-/.• -V' . - . v
; Dated August 21, A. D. 1896.
f-^^l 5 - By F. B. HOTJGHTON. Dei _.- Clerk.
.: RICH AB D - BELCHER, ' Belcher _^ building,
M&rrsviUe, Cal.," Attorney lor Petitioner .-• .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
T AYMANCE
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.
REAL ■ ESTATE AGENTS AND LAND AUC-
TIONEERS.
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
MONSTER
AUCTION
BALK.
MONSTER
AUCTION
BALE.
j SATURDAY, SEPT. 5, '9«, AT .
2 o'clock r. m., at salesrooms, -. 466 Eighth street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
DESIRABLE IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
.RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND, FRUITVALE, ALAMEDA
AND BERKELEY.
Two lots on Market St., 57 N. of ; Milton, 28x126
each. ..'-■ •■■:.. ■'- -i-i !.:.-■ -..i ' ' . -.■■-•■; .--■.-.. ..-
Two-story double house, 10 rooms and bath;
1617 and 1619 22d aye., near East 21st s.: lot
30x125; this property will be so d subject to a
mortgage of 1050, payable $20 per month.
Cottage 01 4 rooms and high basement; 2116
Chestnut su; lot 25x128. .
Strip of land on the N. side of 32d st, bet. Or ove
and West, facing 237 feet on 32d st, being a
depth of 49 feet and 8 Inches on the stern end
and 27 feet on the eastern end: half cash.
■■■-. Two houses, 371 and ; 373 : sth st.; near Frank-
lin, containing 7 rooms each; lot 25x100.
Two houses, ' 376 •to 378 6th St., SE. cor. of
Franklin; lot 60x75. :
Two cottuces, 882-360 Franklin st, 50 ft. S. of
sth; lot 25x76 each. '. :
Two lots. NOs. 2 and 3, in block 2102 in the Al-
den Tract, facing on West a:. 50 ft. N. of 44th;
60x90 each. ; v.. r . , - - '■ .-.
. Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath, 683 35th
St., near Grove, lot 83:4x1^0: 35th st. work com-
plete; only $500 cash. • ' - '
Five lots N. side Clinton st, between Union and
Summit, in Lynn, East Oakland; lots '^6xloo
each. - ■ :.:.'-", '-■ : ,s* ; ... ■ '■; ■",,;• : -
Nine lots on Piedmont aye., bet. Oak and Glenn,
in the Giea Echo Tiact; 2 jxi'2s each. * -
Six lots on Oak aye.. bet. Pieamontr and' Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Tract: 30x101 - each.
Six lots on th.- north side of 35th si., bet West
and Market: 25x120 each.
Lot northwest oorner 9th aye. and East 17th st.;
60x116. ~ --- „-..,,,.,_,-,,,-, ..--.. -. -- *
Lot on San Pablo aye., bet Bristol and Delaware
sts., in West Berkeley; 6Ox 135. .- .
Lot SW cor. Adeline and 19th sts., 60x108, to-
ge her with barn; this property will be sold sub-
ject 10 a mortage of $1200, which can remain.
- Cottage of 5 • rooms . S. side of 3d su. No. 662.
bet clay and Jefferson: lot 1:5x100. v \
Elegant lot in the Stanford Tract, on Moss are.,
44 W. of Cheslnu: st; size 44x168- v ,
Two magnificent lots N. side of 9th st, 25 E. of
Harrison; 36x100 each. , :-
i' run vale tottate; 6 rooms and bath: Tfvis st , .
75 feet south of Railroad aye.; lot 25x96; only
200 feet irom Fruitvale station. . - . ■
Two-story house: 7 rooms and bath; south side
of t-ycaruore st . between Grove and Telegraph
ayes.: No. 561; lot 60x100. . ;-:
Business lot, northeast corner Telegraph aye.
and Twenty-third st.; 87x8t*.30.
Three beautiful 'residence lots on Hamilton
place; Nos. 16, 17 and 22; 30 90 each: only two-
minutes' walk 10 1 ieduioui. cable; sunounded by
h<;ndso improvements and fine view. v;
Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath; entirely
new; W. side of Oakland aye., 150 test S of Santa
Clara aye. ; > rented lor $26 a - mouth: . lot 80xl-J6 ;
this property will be sold subject to a ' mortgage of
(2000, which can remain. ■:•_.;:, , .. : -■;
For terms of any of the above properties and for
particulars secure a catalogue.
' '"■■'}■ '•'.'■'"• ','..' '■■--' '• ' ' ' -' . : : :-.* '."■•' ''
LAYMANCE
-"' "."->'■ -:■'■"•"■•■.'■-'■.".>■ ■
KEAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.
."■- '■"" -'^' ~ ~~ - i' ■■-■■■>. .''T'-: - ■''■ '.'-'• "'-■"•.■■ -*> -.'■ ■■;-■" .■','■ —I ,\ -. J - r '-'■'; '^'\r--:- ■'.'-:■'
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND. '
EADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
J t the ; San : Leandro . road and ■ main strest to
Fitchburg station; size 100x100; cheap at ■ $20
per front foot.": "■•: ' _____ ■'"
■RESIDENCE CORN . 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San ■ Leandro ' road; -- streets graded
and graveled; pricessoo.' . ■: ? ; ' . .-; ..
BUBINE CORNER AT FITCHBURO • BTA-
- tion; frontage to suit at $16 per front foot ' - -
ONE ENTIRK BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
di vide into 43 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers. ■: -■ \~\-
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits . and vegetables to . perfection; • splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut Sowers I for
the market ■"'■;■ ; ' ', - ' J<\ <
ATHEB BARGAINS on the best streets
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city:
water, church, school, free delivery, eta : ■.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg. . :
:' W. V. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery st, 8. F.
\| AGNIFICENT 3-STORY : RESIDENCE ON
' IVI Guerrero ■ st: 10 ' rooms: new and ■ modern:
yard: rent low; also 100 flats, cottases, stqre, and
houses to let GEo. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
2 Valencia st -.': v; •■■■-,• ;■-■•>- -.-. -y? ■;- . v:\-y,-. ■: -■. -.- . . ■.
I MAGNIFICENT 1 RESIDENCE,
X* near racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern im-
provements: lot 62:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON <fc CO., 2 Va encla st. ' ,:?
<m *r r\ ABSOLUTELY GIVEN AWAY, LOT
<_)riO\J. 25x120, on W.llne of 16th aye., near H
st; 2-story residence adjoining; lot ready to build
on: car line on H st; this is a genuine sacrifice.
Call on owner, room 12, 43 6th st, 1 to 5 p. m.
<E?1 k JPUI COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: BKKXE-
<£L—O\J. ley; lot 60x100; near station; $.00
down, $16 monthly. ;; ; :- / ' ■: ■
$160— 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st
INK-ST. FLATS AT * 2919, IF ■ MOVED TO
rear arid handsome I front I flats | erected, would
pay 12 per cent; lot '^5x137 :(j; will lie sold to
highest bidder. Address Property, box 99, Call.
>E OF THE FINEST RESIDENCES IN SAN
Francisco ; to a. exchange *-: for ■ unincumbered
country land: I price | $40.0-0. with $12,000 mort-
gage. 'Syndicate Investment Company, £4 and US
Chronicle building. f " V ;.y- -. -•■ ■ .;- ■-.:,_ .;.- -.::-■ ;
JUSTi COMPLETED; HOUSE 14 ROOMS;
• finish natural woods: , quartered oak, blrdseve
maple, mahogany,' curly redwood; gas and in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view. Cor.' Clay and Laurel: owner on premises. '---.
<St Qfin 60x120, - SEVSNTEKNTH ; AYE..
iff) O uU ."; near 3H I st. ; * coal tlvely * the 1 cheapest
park lots: a genuine bargain. ; 1550 Fifteenth aye.,
boutu aan irnacisco. ; V. . ;';:.•<
_^^ CITY KEAL ESTATE.
u&f;rjn cash, ba la nce^same as" r^rnt\
t±P*J\J\J for a new bouse on ea<t >ide of Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; l_r*e lot 36x125;
all modern Improvements. > Apply on premises. ■;
SUBSTANTIAL MODE-UN - HOUSES BUILT;
*- 7 *.V>o to $-.'75 a room ; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
; : . COUNTRY ?■ REAL. ESTATE. r
TO RENT-SATHER RANCH. » CONTRA
Costa Connty on San Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1160 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 360 acres good grain land;
balance ' excellent , pasture: suitable - tor ; milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. H. S.
ROWLAND, Orlnda Park.
ACKKS Al Ll-VEL LAND ADJACENT. TO
San Francisco; »1650. CC, box 20, Call.
T^OR RENT-IN HAVWTBDS, 10 MINUTES
S. from town and electric-cars; home residence 8
rooms; hot and cold water; barn; chicken yards:
rdom for.: 100 J. chick ens: healthy location: fine
view of bay and ? san - Francisco; rent 820 per
month.. Apply 2976 ifixteentu st. for information.
J/'A-480 ACRES OR .'LEASE: OR SALE;
"Dv Alameda . Connty: hay land, . water and
timber, for stock: will exchange or sell on time.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway, Oakland. __
i.ST BARGAIN IN THE STATE: COUNTRY
home; 20 acres orchard : near city: don't buy
before you se ; owner at 36 y_ Geary St., room 23;
11 to 1. 4 to. 7 price $3500: principals only.
riU>_,_ >.^_.ol' fiUU K.i.M'H UV i'_~_ •- STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the riaht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as the present owner is not able to
give it the ten lion it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand.head otlioss the year round.
For particulars address X. V., box (D, Call Oflice.
ANY ONE ; WANTING A ilAiNtJii FOX
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply Si! 6 Montgomery st.
• A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHUIC-
xI est in the State; . selling in. tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, 936 per acre: adjoining tanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect, t>7 Chronicle building. .
I* ACRES IN FRUIT, HOUSE, BARN, AT KAY-
\J wards: cheap. , 872 Washington 5.., Oakland.
TITTLE HOMES, CLONK TO TOWN. 1M-
Jj proved: easy terms; also i to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING,' Sonoma
City: every Monday at 682 Market. St., S. F. •
TT ALF SUCTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULARB
Xl County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A. box 87
Call Office. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE--008 b ROADWAY.
" OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
SI 000 IF SOLD THIS "WEEK:' TtIOUSK 4
.<H> I \J\J\J rooms; lot 25x75: cash or install-
ments. Call to-day. 108 Four.h St.. Oakland.
SOME OF THE MO.-T ATTRACTIVE RESl-
dences.in Oakland for rent; furnished or un-
furnished: for sale a $70,000 mansion for less than
$40.0 J0 as a ■ whole : or in subdivisions W. E.
BARNaRD, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
IV ILL IT PA\ t.YhSI! r-EE ALLE.NDALE
*' Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
home or paying investment: Fruitva'e, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; level
and choice site; streets graded; * some macadam-
ized; only a few left; fine school: 2 electric roads
near ry; conveyance free; $5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market a.., S. F.
li. Z. JONES, owner.}
oakland furniture for sale.
*\A^'fcrA"R' > DTAI^
V T ' SOU KLI-H A AS. furniture-dealer. 1 1 th. OaKid
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJIEDA REAL ESTATE. ,
ffij^TTXTi 950 CASH, $25 MONTHLY: -NEW
(p_H(iUi cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 60x
125. situated close to Bay-st. station.
Handsome new cottage : of 6 rooms and
bnth, now build:ne: your terms are ours. :*s%£&&
$2600 — Cottage :of 6 - room and bath ; pretty
garden: close 10 C)iestnui-st. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms. .':''.,■■■■ :■ ■■".-'.:.■.-■- ■;- ,-• " -■ .. ■*;
Special bargains in lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up. ", -•
Office open Sundays and holiday's.' MARCUSE
& REMMEL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda. -.•.-.- .
San Francisco office. 628 Market st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. :
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR BALK
on easy terms. O. G. MAY it CO.. real eat_t«,
buildlnz and loans. 2123 Center st.;" Berkeley.
Joseph J. mason. kk\l estatk and
v innuranra .'!.■>■!, ■ prkt»l»\- slam, adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER;
house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front,; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about 1 > acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' wa k to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. YDER & CO., 467 Ninth
st., real estate brokers. Oakland. : „ .. -..-...'
OR RENT, NEWLY FURNISH KD COT-
tage . 6 rooms, < bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley. . .' V
T?OR RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
.F oh reasonable terms— A completely furnished
house; of 10 I rooms, bath | and - laundry; I stable,
chickenhouse: roses, etc.: convenient to railway,
school and university. ' Address House, box 63,
Call < fti p.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
IN EXCHANGE~FOri CITY PROPERTY—
smali country hotel, 27 miles from city; horse,
wagon and buggy: barroom stock; free: rent of
hotel in part payment of " property. * For particu-
lars address H. L., box 119, Call Office.
t/lM BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 to..slo,i'oo
2 stores and 7-room flat in city............. 6,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to ... ..... 80,000
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 o 4,000
H. C. DKCKKR, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ffl|97Cn NICE HOUSE 7 ROOMS, IN GOOD
(OP -- • O\J. location in Oakland; take $1500
country property in trade, balance cash or mort-
gage. H. M. CAMERON. 479 Ninth at.
ENDFOKOUK LIST OF ORCHARD Ho.MlisJ
0 for sal*. WOONTKR & WHITTON. San Jose.
1 OWII 'ACRES Ti - HKH LAND. KERIN" CO.:
J-^~' ' » atPr . ttno"»-cn? '--■ ■* nr N..hx.l6.Cail
PROPERTY WANTED. ~~"
L laT[^w^l>^dT^r^a^hT^oo^loca^
1 tion and condition; state rents and - 1 articulars
and lowest price cash. C. P.. box 68, this office. :
5 -KOOM COTTAGE; LIMIT $2500: STATE
full particulars. P., box 48, Call office.
MEDICAL.
LLi CASES ? ; OF ": I RREGULARITIES BE-
stored 'in - a few hour* ; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful: practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential. -
MRS. DR. WYEiH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method |of - treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped immediately;*, prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. ■> DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister st., next . Hlbernia Bank;
consult . free; French regulating pink pills- S2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. it and 7 to 9 p. x.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INBTRU-
\ mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own I physician I for ail 1 female troubles, no matter
from - what - cause; >' restores : always ■in one day;
can be sent and nsed at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to . be treated ' safe and sure call -on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny si.
ALPKAU'S FRENCH j PILLS— A BOON TO
' ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; I t'l 60 express «.'. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. - OSGOOD B 1. 05.. Oakland, Cal.
T ADIES, CHICH ESTER'S ENGLLSHPENNY-
Jlj royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, '.'Relief for -Ladles,'.' in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Cbein. Co., Pniladelphia.
RS. GOODWIN. DISEASED WOMEN BPE-
clalty: unexcelled In restoring Irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement; best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st = •
MRS. DK.WKUENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and daring confinement: : Infants adopted
- Into good I homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ,
URE CURIs FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
1 from \ whatever cause: ■ a home In con tine men:
with every ! comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226'lnrk st. -•■-■■-
' , ill. DORA GRAY— ALL -■ FEMALE COM-
xi plaints restored;, cure guaranteed.:, 327 Eddy.'
F IRREGULAR ORA.NYFKMALE DI -EASE
see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and be content. 254% 4th.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STBKET, NEAR
Jones. - Diseases of women ana children.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
: TDBrFUXCKK. 1416 F.lghth hi.. A lumeda.
\:
A D V IC-TfREE^DI V^R^E^LAwTX^PEGt^
-1l alty; private: no charge unless successful; all -
law suits, claims, t collection*, wills, deeds, etc, at*
tended 10. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market
T UAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 636 PARROTT
— .1 5 building: ; consultations free; : moderate : fees.
EGAL BUSINESS t TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and 'confidential.' J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery St., room 18.
t 4 DVICF FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St. *
F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SBIPARKOTT
.bldg. Practices in all courts ;cnargea moderate
W. KING, ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW CHRON-
• . ide bids; vie* free; moderate; open evnga.
BIONEY TO LOAN.
NY ..AMOUNT SON .: BOND'S^ DIAMOND^
: watches, Jewelry; silverware,, sealskins, : silks
and Instruments; interest low: private em ranee;
private rooms: discreet attendants, as UNCLE)
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
©1 AH ; flflft AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
<3)J.UU.WUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks «nd bonds; estates: any sum.
BH Al __ A BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. - BALDWIN JEWKLur
STORK. 9-48 Market st. : open evenings. .
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER,
pst per month for each $1000;- same 'rate seo-
ond mortgage or life . insurance. ; Coin, box 2, Call.
ONKY LOANKD US JJi.Wis.LKV AND
other valaables ' at the . Security ■ Loan Office,
llUt>Marketst..nr. Mason: private entranca 7 Turk.
I kIRECTON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO:
J' no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
pm,t. j; m . 6H. Donohnp" bid*. 1170 Market su
a -x 1 AJioc.M': i&r, -iv or »D MORTGAUK3;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in'nra*
tet».t;Mc4JOL<.»AX. 24 Monii<«iiti»rr. room 3.
fl_^n UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<g)tJU gages: int. in estates. MUKPHY.62B Mrkt
A 'DVANCES ON DIAMON DS.JEWKLHY, KTO
■r\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, if Grant ava.
VI ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
IVI McKWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 0 CENTS — THJ»
■tl WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
_ ; PAWNBROKERS.
U ORROWEItS, "^ATTENTION — INTERKST
■ ! saved at the Cut Rate Loan Office, room 7,
Flood building. 809 Mm ket su; strictly private;
open evenings; elevator. ". > .-
AT 1.6 ;KKARN V M.. itOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates;
priviiu- rootas; elevator: iled'.'fs for yale cheap.
3iakria{;es— DMim
BORN. ;
BARBER— August 30, 1898, to the wife of B. H.
, Barber, a son.
BONE— In this city. August 29. 1806. to the wife
;of W. H. Bone, a daughter.
McCKINDLK— In GoUten Gate. Alameda County,
August 22, 1896, 10 the wife of J. McCriudle,
a son.
RYuERG-In this city, to the wife of Edward Ry-
- bent, a son. >
TEJEDA— In this city, August 25. 1836,. to the
wile of Avelina Teje.la. a dau«ht«r.
WKI-s—in tins city," August 28. 1896, to the wife
of Fran't J.>Vf>!s*, a daughter.
______ __
I>IIiD.
Benait. Morris McGregor, James ,
Brady, Mar?ar«t C. lltcember, William, T.
, Brandes. Alfred H. Morgan, Jnmes - -
C rr, Jon 11 Mulier, Undo pti
Clark, Lizzie Wurdook. Aiiarew C.
Desjardlna. Mary Penuy, Alexander
■ Keuy. Catherine Plato. David ■
Kelly. .Mary A. Rlcco (Rlckauer), John
K.nney, John Rossi. Maria
• Louta, Henry A. '. ■ ' Sherwood, George E.
Zett, Frederick
BENDIT— In the CHv and Connty Hospital, Au-
gust 30, 189 Morris Bead it, asrtxl 71 years.
BRADY— In this city, August 30. 1696, Margaret
■■; C. Brady, dearly beloved mother of .Mrs. Thomas
. <W. Sha v. and aunt ■ f Gpor^e W. Cassidy, a na-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 70
year; and 7 month*.
03* Friends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral" TO-MORKOW
(Tuesday), nt 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, . 635 Haicht street, thence to f acred
Heart church, corner Fillm ire and Fell streets.
whore a solemn requiem hiKh masj- will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. f,;;.v;-.
BRANDES— In mli city, August 28. 1P96, Alfred
H. Brandts, a native of South Bend, Wash., aged
2 years 8 months and 4 days. -
CARR— In this cl:v, August 2«, 1898, John Carr,
a native of Scotland, aged 47 years.
CLARK— In this city. Auijnit 29, 1896. Lizzie
Clark, sister of Mary, Jennie, Philip and James
Clark, a native of County Cavan, Ireland. * ■.■
. 49* Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of Thomas McNamara. 110 Silver street,
- thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re-
. quiem mass will b* celebrated for the repose of
- her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DESJARDJNA— In the City and Connty Hospital,
■ August - 33, ' 189<$, ■ Mary Desjaruina, aged 27
years.
KELLY— In Su«col, Napa County, August 20,
1898, Catherine Kelly, sister of James and Hugh
. Kelly, and aunt of Anna, Agnes, Mommle, Ver-
: onica and William T. Kelt-.-, a native of Ireland,
, aged 69: years. [Virginia City papers piease
; copy.j --. .. : ■ .<• ■ .. ■.; ■ . ■  ... ■ . . ■- ,
49-Funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 10
o'clock a. m., from Cathedral,' Sacramento.
KELLY— Alameaa, August 29, 1843. Mary A.,
relict of the late T. B. Kelly, and beloved mother
, of Mamie A. Grim m, a native of County Cavan,
. Ireland. , '. il I WJIII J^niiinaiili HJ% i'>* *M\ n«h j
J»3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. ii.. from her late
: residence, 1236 Park street, Alameda, thence to
. St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
. mass will be ceie brated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. if. . Interment pri-
vate, in St. .Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Piease
omit flowers. ■-. .. ■ : ■■:...
KINNEY— In this cltr. August 28, 1896, John
Kinney, a native of Ireland, aged bO years.
tar Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
, (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
! lors of H. C Porter Co , 122 Eddy street.
LOUIA— In East Oakland, August 29, 1898,
Henry Anton, beloved husband of Bertha Loula.
. a native of Trier, Germany, aged 41 years 9
months and 12 days.
£3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS l>.\ V
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 1204 East Eleventh street. East Oak-
land, 'liiterment Mountain View Cemetery.
McGREGOR— this city, August 30, 1898,
James, dearly beloved husband of ■. Ellen Me-
. Gregor, a native of Dundee, Scotland, aged (57
years. A member of Unity Lodge, A. O. U. W.
I&" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his lace resi-
dence, 1429 Pacific street. Services to be held
at residence. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Unity Lodge No. - 27, A. O. U. W.
Funeral notice: Officers and members will please
tak* notice to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. McGregor, TO-MORROW (Tuesday),
' at our meeting- hall. I. O. O.F. building, Seventh
and Market .streets, at • I p. M. sharp. ! Fine
. for non-attendance will be enforced. ' By order,
■!-. ' L. J.PARKER, Master Workman.
J. D. Mabtik, Recorder. I
MACOMBI-R— August 29, 1596. William T., be-
loved husband of Sarah Mb comber (nee Ryan),
a native of New Bedford, Mass., aged 60 years.
[Block . Island (R. L) and ; New Bedford papers
- please copy.) : ": :•':.
JSTlrlends and ■ acquaintances are - respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nis late resi-
. dence, -. 420 Sixth streec. Interment Masonic
. > Cemetery. ''ipWirTlUttTi '- ,
MORGAN— In the Cltv and County Hospital,
August 30, 183 6. James Morgan, aged 79 years
MULLER— In this city, Rudolph Muller, a native
of Germany, aged 66 years and 4 months.
MURDOCK— In this city, August 30. 1896, An-
. drew C. beloved son of the late ' Andrew Coffee
.M unlock, a native of South Florence, Ala., aged
ilB years 1 1 months and 1 day.
«S"Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the residence
of his sister, Mrs. H. F. Dell. 866 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment private. *. ;.\ .
PENNY— In UWan, Cal.,Aucnst 24, 189 Alex-
a nder Penny, a native of Scotland, aged 33 years.
: '■'■'■ JtarFrtends >. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend vie funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at • 2 o'clock p. m.. from the chapel
-•> of Craig. Cocbran & Co., 22 and 26 Mint avenue.
- Interment Cypress * Lawn ■ Cemetery, via 3:30
,: o'clock p. it train ; from , Third and . Townsend
; streets- .-. '...;.-' : ., .■-,'.". ).. ■'■'.'-'■'' ■ :■ .
PLATO -In Modesto. Cal., August 30, 1896, David
: Plato, a native of . Posen. Prussia, aged 76 years.
RICCO (Rtckauer)-In the City and County Hos-
pital, August SO, 1896, John Rlcco (John > Rick
. aver), aged 44 years, .'
ROSSI— In Stockton, August 28. 1898, Maria
Rossi, beloved mother of James, Fred, David,
Peter and Tlilie Rossi, a native of | Italy, aged 67
years. Portland (Or.) papers please copy.j
Friends and acquaintances ate respect- .
;-; fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her sons, 414 Filbert street.. At 8:30 o'clock
a. m. a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
i brated for the repose of her soul at Sts. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, comer of Filbert and
1 ■■-. Dupont : streets. - : Interment Mount vary
Cemetery. r^|^»MppMH_Ht£JpHM_H
SHERWOOD— In this city. August 30. 1896,
George - E., husband of Anna Snerwood, and
: father of Harry Sherwood, a native of New York
City, aged 66 year*. ; >  . : . ,
ZETT— Da this city, August 29.1896, Frederick,
beloved husband of Mary a. Zett, and father of
August L. and George J, Z?tt, a native of Wnr-
temberg, Germany, aged 69 years 6 months and
23 days. A member of Sudden Verein and
\ Hercules Lodge, A. O. U. W.,and Gesang Verein
■'. Schillerbund.
j)3~Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS \ DAY
I : (Monday), at 1: SO o'clock p. x.*, from his late resi-
' ; dence, 1-7 Clipper street, between Twenty-fifth
1 ■" and Twenty-sixth, Church and Sanchez. Inter-
. ment Cypress Lawn 'Jemetery. ft]BHitiWSJWgiSEm
A. O. U. W.— The officers and members of Hercu-
: les Lodge No. 53, A. O. U. W., are requested to
assemble at 183t» *illmore street, THIS DAY
'• i (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. for Ihe purpose
.'.. of attending the funeral of our late brother. Fred
i Zett, a charter member of the lodge.' The funeral
' services ■ will 1 be • held on : the ' same date at ■ _
i o'clock p. if., in the lodgeroom: of No 3 Valley
; LoJge/ A. O. U. W., corner of Twenty-iourth and
Church streets.'. Members of sister lodges art)
invited to attend. : OKO. PETERSON, M. W.
>- L. M. Aianzer. Recorder. ':-". •;:. '■.-.■■
McAVOY GALLAGHER, I
FDNKHAL DIRECTORS db EMBALMrJBS,
:- 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School;
Telephone 8080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN i MATEO '■' COUNTY; NEAREST CKME- ''.
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Oflic* &V 7 _twk«i
, •wees, B«ut_,saat corner ot aut_. ■• .- .
1112
DELMS DENIES
THERE IS A ROW,
Not a Party to Any Legal
Scandal in the Lux
Case.
GOES OVER THE STORY.
Says Campbell Hastily Assured
Him of His Friend
ship.
GERMAN HEIRS "HAD A KICK.'
Ridicules the Chronicle Story of the
Affidavit as False on
Its Face.
D. M. Delmas indignantly denies tnat
there is a great legal s-candal brewing for
himself and James H. Campbell of San
Jose as rival attorneys for the Lux heirs.
When seen last night he said regarding
his knowledge of the affair and his rela
tions with the interesting case:
In the iirst place, no row is pending between
James H. Campbell of tian Jose aud myself.
In order to understand the nature of the pro
ceeding now pending in Redwood it will be
necessary briefly to review the history of the
Lux litigation an<l the connection of James H.
Campbell with It. In March, 1887, Charles
Lux died, leaving a will by which half of his
property passed in equal shares to his widow,,
Miranda W. Lux, and the remaining half, in
practically equal parts, to his five brothers and
sisters or their children.
John Reynolds, tben a practicing attorney
and now Judge of the Superior Court of Santa
e!«rn. County, was appointed by the court at
Redwood «u> tne attorney for absent and minor
heirs. This included his representation of
four of the five brothers and sis:cn> if Cuarles
Lux. He continued to represent them from
March or April, 1887, until Jenuary 6, 1888,
w hen Henry Lux of san Josl- was appointed
the attorney in fact for the absent heirs.
As attorney in fact Henry Lux then made a
contract with James H. Campbell, whereby
he was to ac. as the attorney tor and fight tne
lega! battles of the German heirs, that is, the
brothers and sisters of Charles Lux. At the
termination of the litigation Mr. Campbell
vi, to have received 3 per cent of what the
Gorman heirs recovered. From January. 1888,
until July, lrfOO. a period of two and a half
years, Mr. Campbell acted without present
compensation.
The contract was modified on July 14, 1890,
under the terms of which modification the
German heirs conveyed :o Mr. Cam pbeil 3-100
of. tbeir share in the estate, with the under
standing that every allowance made to him by
the court should be deducted from and cred
ited upon the 3 per cent. .Under this contract
an order was made, with the consent of the
German heirs, allowing Mr. Campbell $12,000
b year, to be paid in quarterly installments by
the executors of Charles Lux, and the order
was made retroactive, so that he should receive.
Ibis $1000 a month from the time of bis first
em pi' yment.
Under this order and contract the German
heirs claim that Mr. Campbell has received
$93,000. He admits having received $88,000.
the difference being moneys that he received
under the contract from the sale oi the Buri
Buri ranch.
When dissension arose between the German
heirs aud Jesse S. Potter as executor, Potter
refused to make any further payments to Mr.
Campbell. Pending that litigation a special
administrator was appointed nnd during ten
and a half months Mr. Campbell received
nothing. He claimed that ior this period he
was due $10,500 iiud sought to nave an order
made by the court allowing him this sum.
The German heirs claim that uad'jr his con
tract with them he was not entitled to more
than 3 per cent of what they would receive
under any conditions, and that the $93,000 he
had receiverl was equnl to or in excess oi the
3 per cent to whicn he was entitled. He con
tended that the $93,000 plus the $10,500
which he was then seeking to obtain would
fall short of the 3 per cent, and further
that the payments nmde under the order of
allowance were independent of the 3 per cent
provided for in his comract with the heirs.
Lring tnus wide apart as to the construction
of his con tract the German heirs were lorced
to present the matter to the court for its de
termination.
I had been employed by the German heirs
as counsel for them in all of these matters
under a separate contract which was drawn by
Mr. Campueil himseli. When they came to
me directing thut I should present Mr. Camp
bell's contract and the questions arising under
it to the court 1 bad uo option in the matter,
but before the petition was filed in response to
a letter from Mr. Campbell I wrote to him
fully in regard to the matter on July 29, 1896.
Tbe petition was tiled by the German heirs on
August 8.
In the answer filed by Mr. Campbell it was
alleged that the proceeding had been insti
gated to further the interests of Thomas
B. Bishop to revenge himself upon some acts of
Mr. Campbell in other matters. Oi this 1 have
absolutely no knowledge. The proceeding was
trought upon the written direction of Mr.
CamDbell's own clients and mine.
On August 27 when the matter carce up for
hearing before Judge Buck at Redwood I
stated that I resented the imputations con
tained in that answer to the effect that Mr.
Campbell's clients, or I as their attorney, were
inflenced by Mr. Bishop. Mr, Campbell was
not present in court, but yesterday I received
from him a personal letter, written entirely by
himself, dated August 28, and couched in the
most friendly terms, in which he k taxed that
my remarks had been reported to him aud
that he felt deeply regretted that any thing con
tained in his answer should have given rise to
them, that there was nothing in tbe matter
pending before the court that should cause the
the least personal feeling, and that nothing
had been further from his intention than to
impute in any way that I had been moved In
the matter except under my auty to our mu
tual ciienu.
As to the story contained In the Chronicle
this morning that I was attempting to pre
vent the filing of any affidavit by Mr. Camp
bell, I can only say th*t its absurdity is ap
parent upon its face. 1 could not prevent the
filing of an affidavit by any one. All that one
need do is to present the affidavit to the clerk
of the court and tender him the trifling fee
and it must be filed. As to the truth o: the
statement contained in that affidavit as re
ported I know absolutely nothing. I had
never beard of any of the arrangements
spoken of in the affidavits until the Chronicle
was banded to me this afternoon. I was
never consulted in any such matter.
I am iniormed to-night that James H.
Campbell, who, ii was reported, made the
affidavit, denied ever having done so, or ever
having such an affidavit made or his name
connected with any such statement, and also
that it is absolutely untrue. I sincerely hope
that my information ou this point is correct.
CHOYNSKI WAS A STAR.
The Pugilist Figured With Big Actors
at the Stockwell benefit.
L. 11. Stockwell was yesterday given a
testimonial at the California Theater by
the best theatrical talent now in this City.
Actors, musicians and specialty artists
combined in producing a diversified niati
HEW TO-DAT.
j Get Wet? I
2§ A dose of Fred Brown's Ginger will §f
S fix you up. Warms the stomach
and entire system, thus re-en-
forcing agaiojt chill, colds,
or rheumatism.
S 1 Fred Brown's I
JAMAICA GINGER
for all stomach disorders.
Sold everywhere. if
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
nee performance, and in the evening Miss
Rose Coghlan and company played "Car
men."
A* a result of the entertainment a most
substantial part of the testimonial will be
about $650 for the souvenir pocket of the
actor favored by his fellows of the profes
sion.
One of the features of the afternoon per
formance was the exhibition of Joe Choyn
ski, ihe recently rejuvenated lion of local
pugilism, who punched a leather bag in
the most approved style. There were
others who did and said clever things, but
Choynski, it must De remembered, recent
ly played to 5000 spectators at fancy prices,
and just plain, talented actors have no
such hold upon the popular taste. The
Frawley company did "Tlie Picture," a
taking little one-act comedy. '-The
Rough Diamond" was staged after the
presentation of a number of special indi
vidual features. In it Mr. Stockwell him
self appeared in a humorous character
well suited to his personality, and the au
dience clapped its approval.
ABOUT MUSIC.
Rev. William liader on Its History
and Origin.
At the evening service in the Third Con
gregational Churcn last evening Rev.
William Rader spoke on music, and said
music antedates man. It began with
creation. Thousands of years before
Pythagoras dreamed of harmony ths reeds
and forest trees and were a part of
nature's orchestra.
The highlanders, with a true reverence
for this melody, laid their dying under
the stars, that they might catch this flood
of natural music. This simple custom
contradicts Mr. Hawies' claim that
"music is the creation of mau."
The patriotism of men has been esti
mated by music. The "Marseilles" thrilled
all France, and "America" and ''Yankee
Doodle" have become the language of our
Nation. When Jenny Lind sane the
"Star-Spangled Banner" in Washington
Daniel Webster arose and joined in the
immortal hymy until bis wife pulled him
back into his seat.
The Christian faith has been preached
by the ministry of music. The oldest
scriptures contain fragments of immortal
hymns. The "P-alter'' is the oldest
by inn book. The "Magnificat" and "Te
j Deum," the doiologies and anthems of
| the early church, remain to us as the ex
pressionsof the deepest life of the soul.
—
A HIGHBINDER ARRESTED,
Lee Gin's Man Takes a Shot at
Dang Quong, but Misses
His Mark.
Two Highbinder Meeting-Places De
molished by the Police — Fears
of Another War.
Lee Gin, a Chinese highbinder, was
arrested last evening by Sergeants Wool
weber and Anderson, and was detained
at tbe California-street police station on a
charge of assault to murder.
About 6 o'clock last evening, while
Dan^ Quong, a merchant and member of
the Suey Sing Tong, was on his way to his
store, 5 Sullivan alley, he was assaulted by
Lee Gin and two followers. Lee Gin was
heard to say, at the same time pointing
at Dang, "There he is, kill him." With
out warning one of the highbinders drew
his revolver and fired a shot at the
merchant.
The bullet missed, and without waiting
to see tbe effect of the shot the fighting
men disappeared in the crowd.
Sergeants Woolweber and Anderson
were informed and started out to find tbe
highbinders. After a short search they
found lice Gin and placed him under ar
rest. They also discovered that the shoot
ing was the aftermath of a stabbing affray
which occurred in Bartlett alley about a
week ago, in which a Suey Sing Tong man
seriously stabbed a Bo On Tong man.
After receivine this information the
sergeants visited the headquarters of the
Bo On Tong, 1 Brenham place, and
searched tbe building. A number of
knives, revolvers and a large quantity of
cartridges were found, showing that the
society was ready for war. They al&o
found a coat of mail weighing fully fifty
pounds and which would defy the bullets
of even a Chinese highbinder revolver.
After demolishing thi3 place tbe head
quarters of the Suey Sing Tong, 742 Com
mercial street, was visited and laid in
ruins.
The police are confident that a -other
war is brewing in Chinatown, but will do
everything in their power to preserve
order.
High School Alumni.
At a recent meeting of th? Alumni Association
of»the Polytechnic High School, in Shasta Hall,
Native S*ons' building, there was a large attend
ance of members. W. H. Bush, principal ol the
school, was present and delivered an entertainiue
address. This was followed by the following pro
gramme: Piano solo, Max Schwartz; recitation
Miss Mac Purdie; violin and piano duet, Messrs
Nauman and Wahlheim: recitation, Will Curtln
after which th floor was cleared for dancing and
an enjoyable evening was spent by all. 'I his or-
Kunizutioo, to which only graduates of the Poly
technic High School nnd former commercial
school are eligible, is on ihe increase. The lollow
ing-i:amt'd are the officers ior the current term-
Henry F. Perman, president; Henry C. B. Morris!
first vice-presiden- ; Miss M. Hagans, second vice
president; Miss Agnes E. Boyd, recording secre
tary; Marie Wolfsohn, financial secretary- John
Bapp, treasurer: J-Ved T. Martens, W. Q. Barr
Will Bush. L. E. Stoltz, Benjamin Garren, Miss"
Elsie Boyd, Miss Lulu Fay, William Hobro and
Carl Koster, directors.
The Mormon Mission.
Elder Henry S. Tanner, president of the Cali
fornia Mormon Mission, spoke last nijjht to a
good sized congregation in Pyihian Castle on
the necessity of continued revelation. He
concluded by saying, "Let us develop the de
vine within us and live by every word that
proceeds from the mouth of God, that we may
be consistent Latter-day Saints and fit subjects
for God's kingdom."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1396.
POLICE ATTACKED
BY SOCIALISTS,
Censured for Interfering
With Labor Party
Meetings.
DEMAND FREE SPEECH.
They Declared the Blue-coated
Guardians .Were the Serv
ants of Capitalists.
WILD EXCITEMENT REIGNED.
Captain Lees and Chief Crowley Also
Made the Victims of Hatred,
Abuse, Etc.
At a meeting of the Socialist Labor
party, held at Pythian Hall last night, the
police were denounced in unmeasured
terms for their interference with the silent
Some of the Lenders of the Socialist
Labor Party Who Were Ar
, rested Saturday Night for Dis
turbing the Peace*
campaign gathering on Saturday night
last, and for the arrest of eight speakers
two weeks ago.
The author of the scathing document,
C. H. Davies, did not mince matters.
There was not even a saving clause in the
entire resolution. From a socialistic
standpoint it was an admirable document,
full of fire from beginning to end, and
reeking with the most courteous abuse the
blue-coated guardians of San Francisco
have ever been called upon to face.
Nor was this all. The heads of the de
partment, Captain Lees and Chief Crow
ley, come in for a large share of individual
criticism, thougn their names were not
mentioned directly in the resolution.
The meeting was called to order by
George Ast)den, chairman of the evening.
Ke said by way of introduction that the
interference of the police was poDably a
good thing for socialism. Such acts would
call attention to the party and the princi
ples for which it was fighting. These same
tactics bad been adopted in other cities
with indifferent success at first and finally
failure.
The audience then sang tbe Marseillaise
with great spirit and earnestness, after
which S. Siler, tbe speaker of the occa
sion, delivered a ringing address on tbe
benefits of socialism. Among other things
he said that socialism had become an
American institution. He said if the
paper which announced yesterday tnat
the men arrested Saturday night could
only look in on the audience they could
see that It was American to tbe backbone.
Siler declared that the Socialistic party
was a party of peace.
"The police are only trying to provoke
uj," he said, "into committing some act
so that they can shoot us down like dogs "
At the conclusion of Mr. Siier's remarks
C. H. Davies gained the floor and asked
permission to read the following resolu
tion:
Whereas, Of late un warranted and igno
minious arrests have been made by a pam
pered and truculent police force: and whereas
it is in evidence that peaceable and law
abiding citizens cannot assemble to voice
their just and honest convictions; and where
as, we are convinced that the basis for
the arrests by our obnoxious and hireling
police force is not as assumed— disturbing the
peace and quiet of a certain secret society—
but is found in the principles enunciated
by the culprits, which are in opposition to
capitalism; and whereas, the boasted liberties
ot the American people are hourly and daily
Imperiled when such an arbitrary act as the
suppression of free speech CHn te successfully
achieved by such an indolent, detestable and
malodorous hoard of ignorant sloths at San
Francisco's police force; and, whereas, the !
virtuous indignation of an honest but indul
gent people should be aroused by tbe efforts of
our insidious and implacable foe — the police
force— to further curtail our liberties for
reasons entirely at variance with equity and
justice; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Socialist Labor party
and its sympathizers and all lovers of liberty,
condemn and denounce in measured bat un
mistakable terms the dastardly and cowardly
actions of the poiice for their arrests of last
night and in the near past; also be it ■
Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting
that persistent efforts be made and pushed to
a victorious conclusion to sustain our consti
tutional right to indulge whenever and wher
ever we deem it fitting and proper our right of
free speech, and invite all lovers of justice and
fair play in all walk* of life, independent of i
color, sex and creed or party affiliations, to aid
us in our determined efforts to establish that
right; and
Resolved, That we deplore a condition that
necessitates unworthy surveillance of honest
and upright citizens by an ignoble gang ol
brutes masquerading in the guise of conserva
tors of public weal: and be it further
Resolved, That the press of this City be fur
nished with a copy of these resolutions for pub
llcaiion.
Hardly had Davies concluded reading
the resolution when clieer upon cheer was
sent up by the excited audience. Chairman
Aspden quickly submitted the acceptance
or rejection to the people, and only one
man of the 500 present voted against it.
He endeavored to explain his position
by declaring that tiie Poiice Judge who
haa sentenced the Socialists should be
condemned and not the policemen, who
simply carried out the instructions of
their superiors.
VIEWS OF SOCIALISTS.
Participants In Saturday Night's
Silent Meeting Disgusted With
the Authorities.
The Socialists are highly indignant over
the results attending their attempt to hold
an open-air meeting Saturday night.
They declare with much earnestness that
the police are persecuting instead of pro
secuting them. The officers go out of their
way, they say, to antagonize them in their
constitutional right of free speech.
Whether this be true in fact or simply
an assumption based on observation is
not clear, but the developments at the
meeting held yesterday afternoon seem to
verify the position. Socialists to the num
ber of thirty or more had gathered at the
corner of Grant avenue and Market
street. , Hardly had the first speaker,
Charles D. Sunflower, uttered a dozen
words before a great crowd gathered about
the stand. The sidewalk was fairly well
filled, though not sufficiently to hamper
in any way pedestrians. Officer J. M.
Heard was on duty at this particular
point and apparently experienced no
difficulty in Keeping a clear passageway.
When the second speaker, George Speed,
mounted tbe platform it was observed that
Officer Heard was becoming nervous.
Finally he rushed across to a cigar-store
and telephoned to headquarters for in-
structions. Just what instructions were
given is not known, but the officer went
directly to tbe Hammam Baths and, it is
claimed, begged authority to arrest the
speakers. The stand, by the way, had
been placed directly in front of this insti
tution, hence it was necessary for the
management to protest in order to make
arrests legal. It so happened that the pro
prietor was absent acd no one present ap
peared willing to authorize the arrest of
the alleged offenders. A colored clerk
finally told tbe officer to clear off the steps,
but not to adopt violent measures. Police
man Heard had his authority. Without
stopping to clear the steps as authorized,
he pushed roughly through the crowd and
informed Speaker Speed that he must stop
instantly.
"I have only one more word to say — I
am nearly done," protested Speed.
"That is ail right," replied Heard as be
placed his hand on the speaker. "You
must stop now or I will arrest you."
Without another word the Socialist
stepped from the stand, and then some one
suggested that it be moved to the oppo
site aide of the street. This was done, and
for more than an hour the speakers, un
interrupted, harangued an audience of
more than a thousand on the needs of the
nour from a socialistic standpoint.
"Last night our speakers were arrested
and cast into prison for holding a silence
meeting," said C. H. Davies. "To-day we
hold another public meeting, this time
giving utterance to our sentiments, and
we are simply required to move from one
side of the street to the other. This shows
conclusively that it is a matter of police
persecution and not legitimate prosecu
tion. We have rights and we propose to
exercise them, though we are practically
satisfied that justice is not to be had in
the police courts. The juries there are
pledged to conviction, but, thank God,
there are high r tribunals, and we feel
confident they will interpret the law justly
and honestly.
The men arrested Saturday night are in
dignant over the action of the authorities.
"I consider that they exceeded their au
thority," said Oliver Everett, Socialist
candidate for Mayor, yesterday. "Our
desire last night was to test the sincerity
of the Odd Fellows, who had protested
against noisy demonstrations. We think
the result shows that they were not
honest in their position. We don't pro
pose in future to be muzzled. We will
maintain the right of free speech at all
hazards. Ido not see how an intelligent
jury can possibly convict us. Heretofore
juries have been against as, though
whether through ignorance or prejudice
lam not prepared to say. There will be
a different ending this time, for there are
hither courts in California."
T. F. Burns, president of the Labor
Council, was among those arrested Satur
day night. In explaining the occurrence
he said yesterday :
"I was not speafcing, neither was I at
tempting to speak. I was standing on the
east side of Seventh street and there were
perhaps 150 people in that immediate vi
cinity. Suddenly the crowd shifted to the
west side of the street. I went over and
saw a policeman endeavoring to make two
ladies get out of the street. The officer
failed to intimidate the ladies. I was prob
ably seven or eight feet away when the po
liceman turned to me and ordered me to
move on. I started to move on, but I
didn't happen to move as fast as he
thought I should, whereupon he ordered
me to move faster. I replied that I was
perhaps the best judge as to how fast I
wanted to move. The lellow then grabbed
me by the shoulder, and, drawing his club,
said,' you; I will knock your
brains out.* I replied that I knew he was
anxious to use his club on me. I was
then earned to the station and charged
with obstructing the street. I have no
particular comment to make at this time
except to say that it was an outrageous,
high-handed proceeding. We have the
law on our side and I am sure that an hon
est court will bo decide."
TURNED FROM
THEIR OLD PARTY
Will No Longer Cast Their
Ballots for Democ
racy.
SOUND MONEY THE ISSUE
Two of Berkeley's Town Board
Turned in Favor of Mc-
Kinley.
DEMOCRATS FOR 20 YEARS.
Professor William Carey Jones and
John Martin Speak in Favor of
Republicanism.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 30.— Two of
Berkeley's most prominent citizens and
members of the Board of Town Trustees,
who have voted the Democratic ticket for
the last twenty years, have declared them
selves in favor of McKinleyism and will
vote the Republican ticket at the coming
Presidential election. They are Professor
William Carey Jones, head of 'the depart
ment of jurisprudence at the State Uni
versity, member of the board from the
Second Ward, and John Martin, a promi
nent San Francisco business man and rep
resentative from the Fifth Ward.
Both men are members of families that
have long been distinguished for their
staunch adherence to the Democratic
party, and both have never before felt the
least inclination to turn from the political
paths followed by their ancestors. But
they say that the issues of the present
campaign are such as will amply justify
them in breaking the long chain of pre
cedent forged by their ancestors.
Professor Jones, who has been more or
less prominently connected with the ad
ministration of affairs in Berkeley for the
past six or seven years, having served a
previous term of office on the Town Board,
while determined to vote for McKinley in
November, says that his official position
in the university will not admit of his
making a statement as to why be has
turned from the Democratic party further
than that the financial policy of the Dem
ocrats does not suit him.
"A man in my position," said Professor
Jones to-day, "is in a dilemma to know
what to do when he has the interests of
his university on the one hand and the
interests of his country on the other. He
cannot speak with absolute freedom for
fear of criticism on the part of those who
mitrht mistake his views given from the
standpoint of a private citizen for those
of a professor of jurisprudence in a State
institution.
"It i« most unfortunate for the Nation
that the present money question has to be
so insanely contested as it is. Some men
think one thing to-day and another to
morrow. Certainly affairs are in a great
turmoil. While I have an honest respect
for Democratic principles 1 cannot sup
port the issues they now have before the
people of the United States."
Trustee John Martin when interviewed
this afternoon was very outspoken in bis
views, and stated concisely nis reasons
for laying aside the party of his fore
fathers and the party he has supported
since tbe nomination of Hancock, for Me-
Kinleyism.
Mr. Martin has been known as one
of tbe strongest Democrats in Berke
ley, having organized, four years ago, the
first Democratic club at Lorin, which cast
a vote of 68 for Cleveland as against 63 for
Harrison in the last election.
"The Democratic party," said he, "has
not carried out the principles under which
it 'was founded, especially with reference
to the tariff. Instead of providing revenue
enough by the tariff they deliberately pre
pared a bill for the purpose of decreasing
the revenue and then attempted to make
up the deficit by passing an act to collect
an income tax. This income tax was de
clared by the Supreme Court to be uncon
stitutional, and then we were left without
Professor William Carey Jones of
Berkeley University, Who uai Be
come Converted to Sound Republi
canism.
a means to pay our national indebtedness.
The party in 1896 advocated a measure
for free coinage, the passing of which will
prove disastrous to the entire Nation and
will create monopolies never thought of
prior to this time, and much more vicious
in character than heretofore existing. Be
lieving it necessary to maintain tbe credit
of the Government and to create an honest
dollar with which to pay our workingman
for his services I deem it my duty as a
citizen to support the Republican National
platform.
"I favor a Government which will col
lect more revenue than is necessary rather
than one that will collect less than is
needed. With a shortage in the National
treasury, what are we to do in time of
war? lam satisfied without peradventure
of a doubt that the next President of the
United States will be the advocate of
sound money, and that advocate, as mat
ters now stand, is William McKinley of
Ohio."
The Republicans of Lorin will have a
grand rally ai Lorin Hall, Alcatraz
avenue, to-morrow evening, at which
Trustee Martin will give in detail his
views with relation to the financial ques
tion and his further reasons for leaving tbe
Democratic party. Among the other
speakers of the evening will be Hon. Wil
liam Lair Hill and Hon. S. P. Hall. It is
expected also that Congressman Hilborn
will be present and give expression to his
views.
To Oversee the Laborers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 30.— 1n an in
terview with Regent John E. Budd to
day, who came down from Stockton last
Friday, it was learned that the committee
on buildings and grounds at the State
University had decided to appoint a com
petent man whose duty it shall be to over
see the laborers at tbe university, with a
view to getting more efficient service from
NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS.
NOVELTY
BLACK DRESS
FABRICS!
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR FALL 1896.
44-IKCH BLACK PIREOLA CLOTHS, assorted styles
$14.00 Dress Pattern
45-INCH BLACK NOVELTY SUITINGS, Astradian effects. . . .
$14.00 Kress Pattern
44-IXCII BLACK NOVELTY MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs
$10.50 Dress Pattern
48-INCH BLACK ENGLISH BOURETTES, eight different pat-
terns $$.75 Dress Pattern
52-INCH BLACK NOVEI If CHEVIOTS, extra heavy
$6.00 Dress Pattern
54-INCH BUCK NOVELTY CHEVIOTS, Diagonal
$4.30 Dress Pattern
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
TELEPHONE GRANT 184.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
them in tbe matter of work on tbe college
grounds.
'•What is commonly known as the 'po
lice force' at the university," said he, "has
not been giving efficient service for some
time past, nor has there been har
mony between the employes of the ad
ministration department and those of the
agricultural department.
"What we propose to do is to appoint a
man to take charge of both forces and to
direct their work as he sees necessary.
Under the present unorganized system of
labor about the grounds and buildings
much time and money are lost.
"Some of the employes have grown to
believe that the university cannot get
along without them, and in consequence
have been taking life easy. Regent Ruin
stein remarked to me the. other day that it
took two men half a day to move one
plank 100 yards. Though it will cost con
siderable to get a suitable man to look
after the carpenters, gardeners and jani
tors, yet we believe that tbe appointment
of such a man will be economical in the
long run."
Regent Reinstein sent over from San
Francisco last week McCallum, superin
tendent of Golden Gate Park, McLaren's
first assistant, to look into tne situation
and make a report.
No Decision Yet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 30.— The
regents' committee on buildings and
erounds, consisting of J. West Martin,
Jobn E. Budd ana J. B. Reiustein, held a
lively session yesterday to consider the
bids submitted on the worK of the
Affiliated Colleges buildincs. They found
that the bids were about $14,000 in excess
of the $250,000 appropriation. One of the
committee stated that if a sufficient cut in
the bids cannot be made soon the entire
lot will have to be thrown out. The mat
ter will be finally decided at the monthly
meeting of the regents next Tuesday.
HIS WIFE'S MOTHER.
The Miller»_Complain That Mrs. Acne*
Warbnrton Is a Domestic
Tyrant.
Sidney Miller and his wife hare written
letters to The Call in which they explain
the trouble existing between them and
Miller's mother, Mrs. Agnes War
burton, who was arrested at their instance
a few days ago and charged with disturb
ing the peace. If the assertions of the
Millers are true Mrs. Warburton has long
been making trouble between her son and
his wife. Mr?. Miller's statement is well
written. Shu states that she has a hus
band in Melbourne whom she left to come
to San Francisco.^
Onk million will read "Mechanics' Fair
aily." Advertise now. My sell Rollins,22 Clay. ♦
• — • — « .
Dr. Lovelace Alter Sewers.
Dr. Lovelace, the local Health Officer, has
published tne following card:
"As there are only six Health Inspectors, a
number entirely inadequate to discover de
fective sewers, which at this season are liable
to be foul smelling and disease breeding, and a
menace to the City's health, I respectfully
suggest to all citizens to kindly notify me of
anysewers which are in an unsanitary con
dition. Such notice will have my Dromm
attention." v *
Knights of the Red Branch.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifles will
hold their annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
on September 13. ' The picnic committee has
spared no pains to make the affair asenjoy
au.le as possible. Valuable gate i and game
prizes will be on hand. The company will give
an exhibition drill "on tne ground ; at 3 p. si?
1 here will be a grand tug-of-war between a
picked team of the Spring alley water works
l^^^^tsofthe Red Branch R>nes
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
•lail# - •
To-morrow Autumn comes
and with it the season of
dinner-giving, teas, lunch-
eons.
We're handy helpers; have
lots of suggestions — novel
things to eat, and assist in
serving.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
Mandarin Nectar Tea 45c
regularly 60c.
One of our trade-bring-
ers; blended to get trade
and . keep it. Curio Teas
in beautiful bronze can-
isters in windows at spe-
cial prices.
Claret gal. 45c
regularly 75c . fgf
Like the Tea, we're glad .
every gallon goes out
bearing our label — sure
to please
Sardines v/ 20c
■ regularly 25c
Beziere's, large tin, small
fish, good. , .
j Cologne Water 25c
regularly 35c.
Genuine imported.
Old Virginia Sweet Pickles
formerly 50c.
A genuine F. F. V. con-
diment.
Duffy's Malt Whisky 75c
regularly 85c.
, Not cheaper by the case.
Raisins, Choicest Clusters
lOC
. regularly 20c. •
New crop coming. ,
New Figs— California White now in.
Recipes free tor Welsh Rarebit, Black Bean
Soup, Salted Almonds. *
Minea.jran/hia, hotels and all large buyers have
wholesale prices. :
j^Hkfess Belts fir $30,.
; ftjA?|S^'^l old-fashioned and poorly
Hs&Zl j\->rJ vV^ilmiirti- can be had by pay.
f§ptjT^isO=Cf>3f^«»' ing your money to eieoirio
JpA&jtfljS&l-flra^* belt -quacks" and travel-
Ff£Wr^setS^vi ' «''« " fakers." For a ttrae-
"/fr Sftf-c tn cl^s article at a reasonable
I' "CVlfi, price rite or call for, fre»
* "~ copy of our new book. 1> 8.
■ ptttppk A. son 704 Sacramento sU, cor. Kearujr,
COBMOPOIIIT .
Onnoalte n S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sa B
Franc sco <M T-The most select family hotel io
th^nifv Board and room *i. *1 25 and $1 60 per
Swims? ?ss?aaasraaarv