VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 76.
NANSEN ON
HIS VOYAGE
The Intrepid Explorer Tells
Why He Didn't Reach
the Pole.
ROCKY SEAS AND LACE
OF DOGS.
Found Water 3500 Meters Deep
Which Became Warmer
at 190 Meters.
THE LAND JOURNEY WAS VEKY
ARDUOUS,
Built a Stormhouse in Which He
Lived All Winter— No Fears
for the Fram.
VARDO, Norway, Aug. 14. -Dr. Nan
sen, the Arctic explorer, says he expects
that the Fram will eventually arrive at
Spitzbergen. He says that she drifted
with the ice in a westerly direction to 84
degrees. Rocky sess, he says, prevented
•him from entering the mouth of the Olensk
Paver for the purpose of procuring dogs,
and lack of dogs prevented him from reach
ing tne north pole, which he would other
wise have found. Dr. Nansen says ne
found water 3500 meters deep, which
became appreciably warmer at a depth of
190 meters. The land veyage, he says, was
very arduous, but had extremely valuable
results. He reached the northern coast
of Franz Josef Land and built a storm
house where he lived all winter.
Dr. Nansen adds that during the winter
when there was no bear flesh to feed the
dogs they killed the weakest dogs and fed
them to the others until the whole pack
was killed. He and Lieutenant Nansen
started on May 19 to reach Spitzbergen.
After traveling for six < weeks on snow
shoes, dragging sledges partly overland,
partly over sea ice, they reached the quar
ters occupied by F. C. Jackson of the
Windward expedition. The members of
this expedition were found to be healthy
and Dr. Nansen and his companion re
mained with them until the Windward ar
rived. 'Vhen the steamer started oii her
homeward voyage Dr. Nansen and his \
companion accompanied her to this place.
CO.VJM VUOHE MELVILLh'S VIEWS.
Says Xansen's Theory of a Polar Cur
; rent Jit Groundless.
WASHINGTON.-D. C, Aug. 14.—With
out questioning the accuracy of the re
ports that come by cable from Norway an
nouncing the safe return of Arctic Ex
plorer Nansen from his novel and adven
turous voyage on the Fram Engineer-in-
Chief Melville of the navy, who was a
member of the ill-fated Jeannette party
which served as the pattern for Nansen's
attempt upon the north pole, holds that
the result of the explorer's party, as now
understood here, is to clearly prove his
theory of a polar drift to be groundless.
In the opinion'of Commodore Melville,
as expressed to The Call correspondent,
Nansen has only closely paralleled the
celebrated voyage of Wyprecht and Payer
in the TegethoS, and has followed their
drift. In that case the Tegethoff rounded
the north point of Nova Zembla with the
intention of traversing the north coast of
Siberia. They got in the ice and drifted
north and east, while the gulf stream
favored them in the early fail.
Afterward when the stream lost its force
NANSEN'S ARCTIC EXPLORATIONS.
On this map is traced the route by which Nansen expected to traverse the open
sea at the North Pole. He believed that the Fram, if it became frozen in the ice, would
be carried by an arctic current from the sea north of the Siberian coast, through the
polar regions, into the sea between Spitzbergen and Greenland. That the Fram
reached a point nearly four degrees farther north than any previous expedition Seems
*o substantiate his theory.
The San Francisco Call
they drifted south and west, bringing up ,
on Wiitsec Island, one of a small groap |
southward of Franz Josef Land. While
they wintered there their ship was
crushed, and in the following summer
they escaped in their boats, and were
picked up off Cape Nassau, one of the
headlands of Nova Zembla.
* Commodore Melville says it will be
noticed that Nansen has had a similar ex
perience. He did not enter the ice on the
I other side of the polar basin from where
he was picked up, so his trip fails utterly
to prove that a current exists that may be
i relied on to carry a ship across the polar
; waters and bring it down on the east side
jof Greenland. As a matter of fact he was
last heard from, according to Commodore
Melville, eastward of Nova Zembla, and
he has just drifted northward and back
again.
This is in accordance with the judg
ment passed on Nansen's theory by Com
modore Melville before he undertook his
voyage, Commodore Melville's prediction
being printed in The Call at that time,
i Melville said he had carefully calcu
lated the probable drift on the Arctic re
gions north of the New Siberian Islands
from experience had with the Jeannette.
As to Nansen's course, he says that, while
it is not known just where he entered the
ice, he doubtless entered northward of
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1896.
"WHAT A TIME I MUST HAVE HAD!"
-Nova Zembla, and this j Won J4 * &ye '■* him ,
just the right drift to where he is
reported to have been picked up. •
It will be remembered by the readers of
The Call that Commodore Melville ex
pressed similar views in opposition to the '
polar drift theory last winter, when it was
reported that Nansen had reached the
pole.
Professor W. H. Dall of the National
Museum, an expert on questions of Arctic
explorations, was seen to-day and : asked
how he regarded the reports of Nansen's
success in getting nearer the north pole
than other explorers.
"The reports are so meager," said Pro
fessor Dall, "that it ;is bard to draw any
conclusion about the trip until further de
tails have been received. It shows, how
ever, that the theory adopted by Nansen,
though not accepted by : the scientific
world, of . a current that would carry him
over the north pole, is incorrect, otherwise
he would have gone further north."
EXPLORER BALDWIN TALKS,
Consider* That Tir. Xansen Hat Accom
plished Much.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 14— In contrast
with the opinion of Commodore Melville,
1 [Continued on Third Page,]
NEW SCHEME OF
FUSION PROPOSED
Coalition of Gold Men in
Florida, Texas and
Alabama.
IS A THIRD PARTY IDEA
Republicans, Populists and
Sound-Money Democrats
to Combine
AGAIKST BRYAN AND SEWALL
McX nley Will Surely Carry tbe
Three States Named if the Deal
Is Made.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 14.— There
is a possibility that a combination ticket
will be put in the field by the Republicans,
National Democrats and Populists in some
of the Southern States. The executive
committee of the National Democracy is
in receipt of propositions looking to this
end from Alabama, Texas and Florida,
and is very much inclined to look upon
them with favor.
The leaders of these three parties in the
South have not yet discussed matters of
detail in the pronosed fusion, but it iB
probable that if it is carried rat they will I
fuse on tne State tickets, and that elec- '
toral tickets will be made of men pledged :
to vote asrainst Bryan and Sewall. In all |
three of the States mentioned the Popu- !
lists have declined to enter into the fusion j
with tue Democrats arranged at St. Louis, j
They are thought to be strong enough in '
combination with the Republicans and j
Sound Money Democrats to swamp the
Chicaeo ticket in each of these States.
This is an unquestionable fact, when it
is considered that the colored Republican
vote of these States will be protected. That
element alone is almost sufficient to carry
them. Tne National committee will con
sider this at its meeting on Monday in
Chicago.
The Republicans in the States named
have not subm tted the question to the
National committee nor have the Popu
lists to theirs. Chairman By n urn ex
presses much pleasure at the declaration
of Senator Gray that he would support the
ticket, and expressed the hope that others
close to President Cleveland, and possibly
the President himself, would make some
expression in due time. The executive
committee was notilied to-day that Cali
fornia will elect delegates next Tuesday
and South Dakota will elect on August
28. The rate ol one fare for the round trip
has be en granted to the delegates, going
into effect September?.
MAJOR M'KINLEY'S CALLERS.
The Steady Stream ttf Visitors Is Appar
ently Increasing.
CANTON, Ohio, Ang. 14.— Major Mc-
Kinlev SDent another busy day. This
morning he finished reading Mr. Bryan's
New York speech, having been too busy
before to get throagb.it. The major de
clined to comment on the address.
A number of friends from outside points
i were entertained at lunch to-day by Major
| and Mrs. McKinley. Telegrams and let
i ters continue to come from all parts of the
Bcoantry announcing the formation of Mc
iKiniey clubs. Among the points heard
Ifrom to-day were Meriden, Conn., San
iQuoit, N. V., Flint, Mich., and Toledo,
THE RECORD-BREAKING ATLANTIC LINER ST. PAUL.
NEW YORK, N. Y n Aug. J4. — The American liner St. Paul, Captain Jameson, arrived from
Southampton this morning after another record-breaking passage of six days and thirty-one minutes. This
beats her own former best record by five hours and one minute, and that of her sister ship, the St. Louis, by
one hour and fifty-three minutes. The St. Paul, just off the drydock, left Southampton last Saturday at
twenty-two minutes past noon, passing the Needles at 1:44 P. M. She reached the Sandy Hook lightship at
9:15 o'clock this morning, covering a total distance of 3046. \ knots in six days and thirty-one minutes. This
eclipses all previous records. The average speed was 2J.8 knots per hour. The run of each day was as fol
lows: 493.1, 524, 516.9, 525. J, 530.8 and 456 2; total distance 3046. J knots. The St. Paul experienced fine
weather and smooth seas throughout the passage. She brought 458 cabin and 247 steerage passengers.
Ohio. The dispatch from Toledo was
from a reunion of the old soldiers in that
county. The Newcastle (Pa.) club wires
that two special trains have been char
tered to convey the party which will call
on Major McKinley August 22.
JUNES DECLARES WAR.
Committeemen Who Do -Not Favor Bryan
. ! i: to 'Be JDis placed.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Aug. 14.—Dis
patches from New York to the effect that
Senator Jones t has declared open war on
those mem bers of the National Committee
not in sympathy: with : the election of Mr.
Bryan and determined ;to oust them and
substitute men more zealous in the cause
attracted fa great deal ;of attention here
to-day. While ; - : there ■■is) no one ' present
i authorized to ; speak : for the ' chairman,
there was a general^opinion that the re
ports were true. i> . . ;, ..^" ;' : . /■'..-■:■: .;-;■<;
;■ Senator Faulkner, chairman of the Con
gressional committee, took the , - ground
that the chairman had ; the authority to
oust such ■ men as declined to follow the
behests of their Dartv ; and substitute '
others; that in so doing be acted for the
executive committee, which was the sole
representative of the National Committee
and the only organization that lived over
from one convention to another.
Senator Jones could easily accomplish
the result by appointing in place of the
men from the States in open rebellion
whom he desires to supplant the regular
members of the committee to places on
the executive committee, which will have
the active management of the campaign.
There were a number of callers at
Democratic headquarters to-day. Gen
eral A. J. Warner of Ohio has just re
turned from New York, and leaves for
borne to-night. He predicts success for
the Bryan ticket in Ohio.
NEW ENGLAND APATHETIC
Very Little Democratic Enthusiasm Is
Being Aroused, '.','■■
BOSTON, : Mass., Aug. 14. -The silver
wave which was promised in this State by
the i supporters of .$ William J. Bryan has
failed to materialize. The campaign so
far is a flat failure. ..There are several
reasons for this. The silver managers
have no money, and they can see no pros
pects of getting any. The Democrats who
in other campaigns have contributed
liberally, have a ; close clasp upon their
pocket-books. Three-fourths kof these
same contributing Democrats refuse abso
lutely to support the Chicago platform,
and not a cent of their money will they
place in the committee's hands. '■ Many of
the Federal office-holders who would be
among the heaviest contributors are luke
warm and refuse to give anything.
?A t: leading I', politician *J intimately '_'. con
nected with the silver campaign was asked
when Bryan was coming to ; the State and
his - reply was: c "I don't know and don't
care ' much. v What we ' want is money.
That is the necessary and 'we must have
it." The silver managers nave been im
portuning the * National Committee i for
funds, hut get no satisfaction. Tne ; flood
ing of the State with speakers, which was
to be one of the features of the silver cam
paign, is not a reality and is not likely to
be. A ' half-dozen ,of the old greenback
speakers are endeavoring to do. something,
but.they are mostly cranky individuals of
but Jittle or no influence.
*
ORGANISING IN NEVADA.
Republican* Have >ot Given Up Hope of
'- tarrying the Silver state. . , ;■ .
CHICAGO, 111.. An;;. 14.— Colonel A.
T. Wimberiy, National Comruitteeman
from Louisiana, was the only politician of
distinction from ; outside 'Chicago to visit
the , Republican headquarters , to-day, al
though there was plenty -of work all day
for Mr. j y Hanna and g his committee.
Colonel Wimberly said to a reporter for
the U. P. A. : *■" .- : - ■ :'■>■'•---■
I "We have a fair chance of carrying
Louisiana. There are some domestic
troubles, among. Republicans. \. but, they
may be settled. If we don't get harmony
we cannot carry ; the State. The disturb
ing element is tne younger Republicans,
j who want to run- things to the- exclusion
of the' organization. a
"We are so.'ng to bare a fair election
this year and every vote cast for McKinley
will be counted or there will be somo old
time shooting.. The mass of the planters
and white men, who are life-long Demo
crats, are wild for McKinley." ■■•-.■
Mr. Hanna will leave for Cleveland to
! morrow and spend a ] couple of days at
home.
■. Secretary r Rowling i of - the ; National
I League received a letter to-day from Jus
| tice Bigelow of the Nevada Supreme Court
stating that he had organized two Repub
lican clubs with 283 members at Carson
City and the situation was not as hopeless
for the Republicans as represented. Only
two members of the State Committee re
signed on account of the St. Louis plat
form and McKinley men were elected in
their stead. Justice Bigelow is making
stump speeches throughout the State.
MICHIGAN BOLTERS CONVENE.
ill Select Delegates of the Indianapolis
",'"■ . -■■ -■ ..' Meeting.
LANSING, Mich., Aug. «, 14.— = bolt
ing 'Democrats of the State held a meeting
this i evening and issued , a manifesto to
Michigan a Democrats denouncing ; the
Chicago convention as declaring for de
based currency, repudiation, and class liti
gation; as having unseated legally elected !
■ delegates of ; Michigan, thus overriding
the will of her, Democracy; as nominating
a Populist for.President and * thus forfeit
ing all claim to support of Democrats. A
call was issued i t for a State ■ convention to
- be held here August 26.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
YAQUIS PUT
TO DEATH,
Mexican Officials Execute
Three Captives Near
Nogales.
TAKEN FROM THE TOWN
AND SHOT.
Their Fate Will Be Shared by
Other Suspects Caught by
Soldiers.
CBUSHIHG OUT A FANATICAL
TJPBISING.
Troops on Both Sides of the Line in
Pursuit of Santa Teresa's
Followers.
NOGALES. Ariz., Aug. 14.— Three of
' the Yaquis who were captured since
the battle here on Monday have gone to
! the happy hunting-ground. They wera
; taken out of town to the hills this after
| noon by a squad of soldiers and shot to
\ death. They were given a hearing this
j morning ana acknowledged their connec
tion with the outbreak, but said they wera
forced by their chiefs to engage in the
I raid. The chiefs toid them that if they did
! not go they would ba put to death for cow-
I ardice.
Several invitations to witness the execu
| tion were issued to officers on the Ameri
\ can side by the Mexican officials, but oth
| erwise the work was secret and no one
i knew when the men were taken or where
i the execution took place. The other cap
tured Indians are likely to be killed in a
day or two. An Indian taken to-day is
believed by many to be innocent, as sev
eral saw him during the battle lighting on
1 the side of the officers and citizens, but
' the general opinion is that he will be shot
unless he can prove conclusively that he
was not with the Yaquis. Mexican au
: thorities keep bringing in suspects and
'■ there are now six in jail.
The cavalry, which left here this morn
\ ing, found signs of a band of Yaquis along
Santa Cruz River, and sent back for tn»
| infantry, which left on a special train at 4
o'clock for Calabasas, ten miles north of
here. From there they go on foot to Pa
jarita Mountains, to assist in gathering in
; any suspicious bands of Indians. More
I soJdiers have been ordered to Nogales and
| a troou of cavalry from Fort Grant is on
the way; another troop of cavalry is com
\ ing via Tucson, and a third is stationed at
; old Fort Crittenden. This latter troop
; ran across about thirty Yaquis on the
[ Santa Cruz, near Sonorita, this afternoon
and took them in. The Darty consisted
of men, women and children, and waa
coming this way. It had but a few guns,
but the men were undoubtedly sym
pathizers of their race in the uprising.
Colonel J. N. Bacon ha 9 received no
special orders from Washington, and all
Blood is essential to good health. If yott
would be well, keep your blood pure witb
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
The best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
UnnH'c Pillo cure "^ liver ills * biliout-
nUUU 0 rilld ness, headache. 25c2
Indians found bearing arms in this section
are arrested and held, awaiting their dis
position by the hiuher authorities. The
people here are well pleased *vith the
prompt and energetic action of Colonel
Bacon, who commands Jhe First Cavalry
and is the commanding officer at Fort
Huachuca.
He is leaving nothing undone to prevent
the Indians from organizing in the United
States and then crossing to Mexico. The
way soldiers are placed now it is impos
sible for the Indians to make a move from
the mountains without being apprehended.
They will do no harm in the United States
as far as lighting is concerned, but there is
a large number in this section, as they
have been coming in to the different settle
ments in this country for three weeks or
more.
William Ekey came in from his ranch
on the Santa Cruz, near Huevavi, this
afternoon. He says the Indians have been
gathering there ior three days. He thought
they were going to make a raid on his
horses and cattle, &nd he put all his btock
into a corral. The Indians left suddenly,
and he believes they have gone into the
Pajarito Mountains, where there are good
rendezvous.
Nothing has been heard from the Mexi
can soldiers who went down the line
to-day.
People on the Mexican side in this
town are still alarmed, and many of the
Mexican families sleeo on the United
States side to-night. While everything
seems quiet here now, and nothing
startling occurring, the Mexicans are very
restless and uneasy. The Yaqui tribe is
very powerful and they fear a general up
rising. Should this occur there will be ex
citing times in this locality. There have
been many skirmishes between the Yaqui
Indians aud Mexican soldiers in the past
several months that have not been made
public. The Yaquis who live in the
Yaqui River country claim to have
grievances, and have not been in a good
humor since Santa Teresa was banished
from Mexico. They believe she was
wrongly treated, and they expect some
time to see her return and reign as their
queen. Her strongest followers came to
the United States at the time she left
Mexico, and they are keeping the tires of
discontent alive.
SOUTHERN INDIA FLOODS,
Thousands of People Rendered
Homeless by the Overflow
of the Kistna.
Two Hundred Refugees Go Down in a
Boat That Is Sunk Near
Hyderabad.
LONDON, Eng.. Ausr. 14.— A dispatch
from Bombay to the News Agency states
that disastrous floods have been caused in
Southern India by the overflowing of the
River Kistna. The damage to property is
immense and thousands of people have
been rendered homeless, their houses
being swept away by the floods. It is
feared that many lives have been lost in
the overflowed district. The water has
■washed out the railway of the Nizam for a
distance of seven miles and it w^ll have to
De almost completely rebuilt.
The worst disaster yet reported in con
nection with the flood was the sinking of
a boat crowded with refugees near Tatta,
a town iiity miles southwest of Hydera
bad. Two hundred persons went down
with the boat and were drowned.
Tns residents along the course of the
Kistna expect an overflow twice a year.
They depend on it for the irrigation of
their fields. But the present flood was
much greater than they wanted or were
prepared for. All the land in that part of
India needs irrigation, so that the densest
population and the most highly developed
part of the country lies along the river
banks and makes the loss so much the
greater when a flood takes place.
XAVAIj .EXGiyiSERS COLLAPSE.
Twj Officers of the Indiana Succumb to
Ore.Twork.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 14.— News
received yesterday at the Navy Depart
ment tells of the physical collapse of
Chief Engineer Georee E. Tower and
Passed Assistant Engineer Andrew McAl
lister, both of tbe battleship Indiana. It
gave rise in the minds of naval officers on
duty here to the question whether in the
care of our warships the danger line had
not been crossed iv the attempt of the
overworked naval engineers to carry on
the exacting duties required of them.
The North Atlantic squadron has now
had only eight days of grand maneuvers
and during that short period the efficiency
of the most powerful battleship of the
fleet has been temporarily impaired, two
o* the four naval engineers attached to the
vessel having been condemned by medical
survey and ordered to the Naval Hospital
for treatment.
"It is not surprising," said a prominent
official, "that this repeated tale of the
prostration of naval engineers is heard from
our warsbips. In the British service there
are one-half as many engineers as deck
officers, wnile in our navy thero are only
one-fourth as many engineers as there are
officers of the line. The physical history
oi the corps of naval engineers during the
past years is a sad one, and it emphasizes
the fact that not only must the number of
engineers be increased, but their condi
tions improved in order to render the
ships efficient for the day of battle. The
engineers are now working under an or
ganization which was founded upon the
necessities of wooden snips, but which is
not adapted to vessels of steel."
COUNT PALLAVICINI'S DEATH. .
Cared Not to Live Without the Love of\
Ethel Barrison, the American Actress.
BUDA-PESTH, Hungary, Aug. 14.— 1n
social and other circles little else is talked
of to-day than the romantic suicide and
funeral of Count Arthur Pallavicini, lieu
tenant of hussars, who was buried yester
day.
The lieutenant, a handsome young
fellow, 21 years of age, became greatly
attached to Miss Ethel Barrison, one of
the five Barrison sisters, well-known
variety artists, whose scandalous csnduct
at Berlin has brought upon them the
order of expulsion from Germany. Count
Pallavicini sougnt in every way possible
to induce Miss Einel to return his love,
but she only laughed at him.
On Tuesday Count Pallavicini was found
dead, having committed suicide by shoot
ing himself with a revolver. In his left
hand was a photograph of Miss Ethel and
a slip of paper, upon which the unfor
tunate man had written:
"1 bear Miss Ethel Barrison to come to
my coffin and press a kiss upon it."
Contrary to expectations she appeared
at the funeral yesterday dressed in the
deepest mourning.
■ ■ — •
Fierce Storms in Chihuahua.
CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, Aug. 14.—Ad
vice reached here to-day of terrible storms
in the mountains west of this city. Build
ings were destroyed, and at the Borelas
ranch five persons were killed.
CORNELL ATMS
BRYAN'S VIEWS,
Proclaims the Democratic
Nominee a False
Messiah.
HIS SPEECH CRITICIZED
Threadworn Argumeats of Sen
ators Jones and Stewart
Revamped.
JEFFERSON'S ANCIENT IDEAS.
What the Pecple Need Is the Oppor
tunity to Earn More Money
of any Kind.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 13.—Ex-Gov
ernor Alonzo B. Cornell of New York has
written an open letter to William J. Bryan,
the Presidential candidate on the Demo
cratic ticket, in the course of which he says:
When you went to Chicago last month and
by your individual eloquence captured the
National Convention of the great Democratic
party and compelled It to award to you its
Presidential nomination, you were hailed by
many as a possible Messiah, who could lead
the people out of their political difficulties.
Hosts of Democrats and Republicans, long dis
satisfied with the internal conduct of their
respective party organizations, prayed that it
might be so and they have awaited in patience
and hope for a full presentation of your views
and mode of relief. How great ia our disap
pointment to find that your message of de
livery is simply an ingeniously abbreviated
presentation of the various arguments we
have read in Congressional debates during the
past twenty-five years. The only advantage
you possess over the threadworn arguments of
"Nevada" Jones and "Windy" Stewart, with
•which tons of Senatorial reports have been
weighted, is that you make your dissertation
somewhat briefer than theirs.
You were born after Lincoln made his Cooper
Institute speech. You were a babe in arms
when secession fired its cannon upon Su#nter.
What good is it for yon to tell us about what
Jefferson and Jackson thought about finance?
They knew nothing about the financial con
ditions and necessities of the American people
of this generation. The general merits or
otherwise of bimetallism or monometallism in
abstract are not the vital questions that afflict
us to-day. What might have been properly
considered in detail tn the coinage act of 1873
or the resumption bill of 1875, is one thing; |
but what is wise to consider now in view of j
the present surroundings and conditions is |
wholly different. The present sufferings of our j
people are caused by events that haye occurred i
j within the past twenty years, and need to be ,
j treated irom the present standpoint and
I wholly with reference to tiie future. We need
a safe and smooth road from our existing
wilderness of difficulties to a future of pros
i perity and consequent contentment.
Our ordinary currency is abundantly good
for present purposes, and the only thing
needed immediately is a condition of confi
dence in financial affairs that will set the mill
! wheels ia motion and increase the employ
j ment of labor. Give us only that and every }
I other good thing will follow.
Industry is the basis of our National pros
perity, and nothing is more certain than tnat
general prosperity of the people . prompts
the generous employment of labor. These
questions are governvd by natural laws just
as certain In their operation as those which
cause day to follow nignt and sunshine to fol
low storm.
Your failure as a physician and healer of
the public sore is your mistaken diagnosis of
the disease. You have gone back of the pres
ent difficulty and attempted to tell us how to
make a better kind of a dollar. What the peo
ple need Is to be permitted to earn more doJ
lars which are good enough for the present ne
cessities.
While you arc constructing a new financial
condition the people will continue to suffer
from lack of employment and their present
sufferings will be vastly enhanced. They
want immediate relief and that can best be
accomplished by the most favorable oppor
tunities to earn wages payable in oar present
Xorm of money.
My excuse for addressing you in this man
ner is the sincere belief that the approval of
your views by the people at the approaching
election would bring upon us the most serious
calamity which it is now possible to appre
hend. No foreign war would begin to do our
country so much harm as the acceptance of
your views by the electors of the United States.
SILVER AND RUBBER.
Factor of the Goodyear Trust Are
. Shutting Down.
WATERBURY, Conn., Aug. 14.-Wil
liam T. Rodenbach, treasurer of the Good
year Metallic Rubber Shoe Company of
Nogautauck, said i last evening that the
free silver agitation is having a serious
e&ect upon the rubber industry. Two big
rubber concerns in Nogautauck, as well as
most other factories in the rubber trust,
are closed down for an indefinite period.
Treasurer Rodenbach says that bis com
pany has a considerable number of orders
ahead; but as they come from the South
and West he does not consider it safe to
fill them under the present uncertain
financial conditions. .......
Don't Believe in Siller.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Aog. 14.— At a
meeting of the Democratic Central Com
mittee held here yesterday, Colonel Har
rison Parker, chairman of the executive
committee, and E. Kruttschnitt, chair
man of the State Central Committee,
tendered their resignations because of
their convictions on tnefinancial question.
Both gentlemen are strong believers in
the gold standard, while the majority of
the State Central Committee are for free
silver.
Senator Mitchell for Silver.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Aug. 14.— United
State! Benator John T. Mitchell, who is
the vice-president of the Wisconsin Ma
rine and Fire Insurance Company's Bank,
has declared his intention of standing
squarely on the free-silver platform of the
Chicago convention and supporting
Bryan and Sewall.
AIT OLD COUPLE'S QUARREL.
Both found by neighbors With Their
Throats Fatally Cut.
OWOSSO, Mich., Aug. 14.— Mr. and Mrs.
George RusselJ, an aged couple, were
found with their throats cnt and in a
dying condition at their home this morn
ing. The old man claims his throat was
slashed by a masked m an while he waß in
the kitchen. Mrs. Russell will Gay noth
ing about her assailant, but says she was
attacked while asleep in bed. Russell was
found in an unconscious condition on the
floorof his room upstairs, whiJe Mm. Rus
sell was found on the first floor. Both
were fully dressed and covered with blood
when neighbors entered the house. Neigh
bors say the old couple were quarreling
nearly all night. It is believed they as
saulted each other during their quarrel.
A bloody butcher-knife and a penknife
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
were found in the kitchen. Physicians
say both the old people will die. ;
I V;'-; ■■ ;:•'■■* . « "' *- ' \ ■'■v.-'-'r
WILL SEVER AGAIN BE SEEK.
The Twin Shaft's Sixty Victims to Rest
in Their Tomb.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Aug. 14.— The
bodies of the sixty victims of the Twin
Shaft disaster will never again be seen, as
it has been announced that work will be
stopped at the ill-fated mine. Superin
tendent Law said that some weets ago he
invited the managers of the different
mines in this neighborhood to visit the
mine. After inspecting the mine thor
oughly Mr. law requested each to write a
private letter informing him of his views
on the case and the advisability of contin
uing the search for the entombed men.
The writers in reply differ about the cause
of the cave-in, but all informed Mr. Law
that they considered further excavation
unnecessary.
UMITTEN BY KING SOL.
Three Hundred I'eople Prostrated by Heat
in Xew York Yesterday .
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14. -Three
hundred and twenty-one deaths were re
ported at the Bureau of Vital Statistics
for the twenty-four hours from yesterday
noon to to-day noon, of which 153 were at
tributed to the heat. The prostrations re
ported by the police during the same pe
riod numbered 222.
SUNK IN DETROIT RIVER.
Disastrous Collision of Two Lake Freight
Strainer*.
DETROIT, Mich., Aug. 15.— Shortly
after 1 o'clock this (Saturday) morning
the large freight steamers William Chis
l''m and Oceanic met in collision in tbe
Detroit River. Both sank in the river.
Tney will be a total loss. It is reported
that some lives were lost, but no details
can be learned at this hour.
DRUGGED AND MURDERED.
Fate of a Capitalist Who Was Visiting
Lincoln, Ae&r.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 14.— W. F. Eys
ter, a prominent man of Chambersburg,
Pa., railroad director and capitalist, was
found dead in an alley late to-night, bav
ine been drugged and robbed. He left his
hotel four hours before being found with
a rough character, who has not yet been
arrested. He was on his way to Colorado
and stopped here to visit friends.
ZAYAS WAS MURDERED,
The Cuban Insurgent Leader
Did Not Meet Death in
Fair Fight.
Killed by a Party of Spanish So diers
From Whom Hs Endeavored
'to Escape.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14.— A letter
under date of August 6 was received to-day
at the Cuban Junta from a correspondent
in Cuba, which letter stated that General
Juan Brano Zayas was not killed in battle,
as reported, but was murdered.
He had been in the habit of visiting a
thatched cottage and having his mornin*
coffee with the family that inhabited it.
He got up from the table one morningand
went out. There was a knock at the door
shortly after and the general went to open
it, supposing that it was his host that had
knocked.
He found instead a squad of soldiers,
under Lieutenant Perrol. He tried to
break through and was shot down. Two
other officers, Flanis and Espernon, and a
third, whose name was not given, were
also killed as they went to General Zayas'
assistance.
FILIBUSTERS EMBARK.
One Hundred 3/en Safely Started To
ward Cuba.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 14.— A tele
gram received to-day by the Treasury De
partment from Customs Collector Lamb
of Brunswick, Ga., says:
"The plans for the filibustering trip of
the tug Dauntless were so well planned
that, with the greatest surveillance ex
ercised, she could not be interpreted as a
filibuster, The tug, apparently under
ordinary circumstances, left her wharf at
9:45 on the night of the 12th, ostensibly
for Miami, F!a., to secure a tow. How
ever, at 2:45 a. m. at Woodbine, with
lights extinguished, she took on a body of
men from Jacksonville, supposed to num
ber 1/K). Woodbine is at the junction of
tne Florida Central and Peninsular Rail
road on Salt River in the customs
district of St. Marys, Ga. The Dauntless
passed out of St. Andrews Bay about day
light the same morning.''
Treasury Gold- Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 14.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $100,063,916. The
day's withdrawals were $202,000.
SPARKS FROM THE WIRE.
The National Retail Butchers' Association is
in annual convention at Denver.
Professor Albert Nelson Prentiss, in charge
of the botanical department of Cornell Uni
versity, died yesterday, in his sixtieth year.
J. Acevedo & Co., exporters and commission
merchants, assigned to-day. The firm was
formed last October with a claimed capital of
$50,000.
The Telegram Cycle Manufacturing Com
pany was closed in Milwaukee yesterday by
the Sheriff, en attachments aggregating
$55,000.
Judge John A. Moon, Democratic nominee
for Congress in the Third Tennessee District,
was yesterday nominated by the Populist
convention.
C. Cor.ltb.nrst & Co., Boston, dealer? in tan
ning materials and brokers iv barks and hides,
have assigned. The firm owes $90,000, of
which $40,000 is on bark contracts.
Albert Place and Walter Whipple, Provi
dence (R. I.) wheelmen, leave there to-day in
an attempt to break the bicycle record from
that section of New England to Ban Francisco.
Dr. William Schneider, head of the electrical
department of the Missouri University, died at
Columbia, Mo., last night. Dr. Schneider's
death was due to brain fever, caused by over
work.
On Monday next the Nicholson File Works
at Central Falls, R. 1., which employs more
than 300 hands, will shut down for four
weeks, owing to the poor condition of the
marKet.
The Canton comment on Bryan's New York
speech has been varied. Major McKinley
finished his opponent's oration yesterday.
After reading it McKinley smiled and said
nothing.
Trans-Missouri roads have agreed to a rate
of one fare pins $2 for the National Eistedfodd
to be held at Denver, September Ito 15. Ap
plication will be made to Eastern roads for a
■ imilar rate.
The deadlock in the Eleventh Michigan Dis
trict Eepublican Congressional Convention
was broken yesterday, when W. T. Meosick of
Antrim was nominated on the three hundred
and sixty-third ballot.
A head-ena collision between two freight
traius on the Hinckicy branch of the Great
Northern road occurred yesterday morning at
St. Cloud, Minn. J. M. Ohr was instantly
killed. The trainmen escaped with slignt
injuries.
Barry's Star subscription $1 50 per year; o
cents copy. *
GARDINER WON
BY TEN INCHES,
The. World's Competition
Mile Bicycle Record
Broken.
OWEN KIMBLE SECOND.
Sensational Racing at the Na
tional Meet of American
Wheelmen. .
SOME VERY CLOSE FINISHES.
Tom Cooper of Detroit Won the One
Mile National Championship
Event
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 14.— The races
of tbe National L. A. W. meet to-day in
the finishes and in the time made bor
dered on tbe sensational. One of the most
important world's records, the one-mile
competition, was broken. The one-mile
National championship was decided so far
as tbe present progress of the circuit is
concerned. It was won by Tom Cooper.
Arthur Gardiner did the record-breaking
in the mile open, paced by John S. John
son and J. W. Parson, the Australian
champion, with thirteen starters in the
race. Gardiner rode the mile in 2:ol,beat
ing the record of 2:01 4-5, established by
Bald just a week ago at Buffalo. He won
by a phenomenal sprint in the stretch,
which he entered ten lengths behind
Sanger, who led $he field. Chairman
Gideon stated afterward that it was the
most wonderful burst of speed that he had
ever seen or heard of.
In the mile National championship
Cooper, who won, had the closest call of
the year. He beat Owen Kimble across
the tape only half the diameter of his front
wheel. Bald was a third of a length be
hind Kimble, the others being bunched
behind. The first serious accident of the
meet occurred in the five-mile State
championship. J. C, • Mitchell's chain
broke and he feli. Karl Tbome, the Ken
tucky one-mile champion, fell over him
and landed three others on Mitchell be
fore h« could rise. The latter's collar
bone was fractured in two places.
At a meeting of the membership com
mittee of the L. A. W. to-day Dr. T. W.
Tinsdale of New York was expelled on the
charge of "conduct unbecoming a mem
ber of the L. A. W." Tinsdale was sent to
the New York Legislature to secure the
passage of a bill requiring railroads to
carry bicycles as baggage, but instead of
supporting the bill ne offered an amend
ment favorable to the railroads. The bill,
without the amendment, however, was
passed.
The racing board passed on the suspen
sion of Cabbane and Titus for crooked
work last year. The suspension of Cab
bane was reduced to one yc&r, expiring in
September, 1896. The recommendation as
to Titus was denied, and he is perma
nently suspended.
One-third of a mile, National championship,
amateur and professional— Tom Cooper, De
troit, won; Owen Kimble, Louisville, second;
E. C. Bald, Buffalo, third. F. H. Allen, Syra
cue, N. V.; W. E, Becker, Chicago; A. D. Ken
nedy, Chicago; Jesse Curry, Aurora, 111.; Will
Coburn, St. Louis; Torn Butler, Cambridge
port, Mass.; Arthur Gardiner, Chicago; Louis
Callahan, Buffalo, and C. R. Coulton, San Fran
cißDO, also started. Time, :44 3-5.
On© mile, amateur, L. A. W. Kentucky
championship— Edward D. Fitch, Louisville,
won. Time, 2:25.
One-quarter of a mile, National champion
ship, amateur and professional— Tom Cooper
won, Louis Callahan second. A. D. Kennedy
third. Fred C. Schrein, Toledo; Barney Old
field, Toledo; F. H. Allen, Syracuse; Charles
Hofer, St. Paul; Otto Ziegler, San Jose; E. C.
Johnson, Cleveland; Coin Baker, Columbus,
and Arthur Gardiner, Chicago, also started.
Time, :32.
Two-mile open— T. W. Peabody, Chicago,
won; twelve starters. Time. 5:04.
One-mile tandem, open— Flrsi heat, Harry C.
Clarke, Philadelphia, and J. B. Ovvler, Chicago,
first; O. P..Bernhart and F. C. Schrein, Toledo,
second; E. C. Cox and J. W. Coburn, W. de
Cardy and R. P. Rice, J. F. Starbuck aud W. E.
Beckner also started. Time, 2 :13 2-5.
Second heat— Tom and Nat Butler, Cp.ra
bridgeport, Mass., first; L. C. Johnson, Cleve
land, and Ray McDonald, New York, second;
J. F. Siaver, Portland, Or., and Ell Winesett,
OlymDia, Wash., third. Time, 2:10.
Finm— Tom and Nat Butler, won, L. C. John
son and Ray McDonald second, O. P. Bern
hart and F. C. Schrein third. Time,2:l44-5.
Two-thirds of a mile, open, amateur, Ed
Fitch won. Time, 1 :35 3-5.
One mile, National championship, final-
Tom Cooper, Detroit, won; Will Coburn. St.
Louis, second; Louis Callahxn, Buffalo, third;
B. C. Bald, E. S. Aker, P. C. Scurein. Otto Zieg
ler, A. D. Kennedy, Owen Kimble, Tom Butler
Arthur Gardiner and O. L Stevens also started.
Time, 2:02 3-5. Last quarter, 30 3-5; last
twelfth, :09 2-5.
Five mile, State championship, amateur— E.
D. Fitch, Louisville, won; eieveu starters.
Time. 10:19 2-5.
One mile, open, professional— Arthur Gardi
ner, Chicago, won; W. C. Sanger, Milwaukee,
second; Tom Butler, Boston, third; W. E.
Becker, Otto Ziegler, R. P. Rice, F. A. McFar
land, Jay Eaton. A. D. Kennedy, F. B. Rigby,
C. 8. Wells and E. 8. Aiker also started. Time,
2:01. Last quarter, :29J^.
INTERNATIONAL SHOOT CLOSED.
A Michigan Team Won tlin Three-Man
Championship.
DETROIT, Mich.. Aug. 14.— The Inter
national Shooting Tournament closed to
day with the contest for the three-man
team championship of the United States,
the first prizes for which were diamond
medals. The contestants shot at 100 tar
gets per man, making 300 per team.
Michigan No. 1 won with a score of 280,
Woods scoring 93, Parker 91 and Gra
ham 96. The New York team captured
second prize, score £77 — Smith 89, Fan
ning 91 and McMurray 97. The third ]
prize was captured by the Ohio team —
Weaver 82, Norton 91 and Heikes9B, a
total of 271; Michigan No. 2 second —
Fleisher 90,. Marks 85 and Harbat 93, total
268.
The tie for third prize in yesterday's
championship event was not shot off, the
contestants dividing the prize. Heikes
won the diamond medal for the best aver
age for the tournament, scoring 729 out of
770Bhots; McMurray was second with 717
out of 770.
ROBERT J IN FORM.
He Cut a Second Off the Fort Wayne
Track Itecord.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Aug. 14.— The
feature of the meeting here to-day was the
performance of Robert J, who once more
lowered his track record. Five thousand
people were present. The weather was
hot until 3 p. m., when a cold wave swept
down from the northwest, causing the j
mercury to drop about 20 degrees in a few
minutes.
This chilled the crowd and the horses,
and had a marked effect on speed. In
view of this drop in temperature and the
stiff wind which prevailed thereafter, the
performance of Robert J was a great exhi
bition of speed.
The pacing king was sent to beat the
track record of 2:03%, made by himself
August 31, 1894, when he first put tlie
mark for harness speed below 2:04. At
4 o'clock the great pacer was started, with
his famous driver, Ed * Rogers; up. Paced
by a I thoroughbred, the \ son -I of 2 Hartford
was given his head and left' the wire at a
pretty clip, keeping his stride all the way,
around and '■ finishing in 2:03. Tbe time
for quarters was :31K, 1:02, 1:32, 2:03. ;
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 14.'— Results :;. Six fur
longs, Susie F won. Valet second, Keim tnira.
Time, I:l6 S^. -'•' •/ ;^. :•'-".
One mile, Conti won, Stella Williams second,
Siddubia third. Time. 1:47^.
.: Five furlongs. Kate Fisher won; Ivory sec
ond, Charlie Reiff third. Time, 1 :04%. :-;
Five furlongs, Oelia ( won, Maggie F secondl
AlLono third. Time, 1:02. ..■' -]■% : '-
One mile, Topmast, won, .Pitfall second, Im
miida third. Time, I :4GJ4.
BRIGHTON BEACH, Auflr. 14.— Results to
day : One mile, Crimea won, Doggett second,
Chugnut third. Time, 1:41%
Five turlongs. Leonore won, Athy second,
Vinita third. Time, 1 :04>2. / :
Five furlongs, Gallilee won, Fannie second,
Sirocco third. Time, 1:16. .
One mile. Letiinan won, Beldemere second.
Cromwell third. ; Time,*l:42J^.
Seven furlongs, Remp won, Break o' Day sec
ond, Ben Ronald third. ; Time; 1:32. : \
Two and a quarter miles. Red Pat won, Mar
cus *econd; La Felicette third. Time, 5:33.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 14.— Summaries of the
races on the West Side track : Trotting, 2:12
class, purse" $800, ■ Ottinger won" in three
straight c heßts, Bourbon Wilkes Jr. second,
Challenger Chief third. Best time, 2:12%.
Pacing, 2:16 class, purse $600, Tom Johnson
won • in two, straight heats, Sophia R second,
Wfikefleld third. ? Best time. 2:13. ,
-•Running, half mile, purse $250, Zune won,
Labelle second, Bob Tucker third. , Time, :50.
i Half mile, purse $250; Pat Morriser won;
Harry N second, Cyrus King ' third. Time,
:50}^.- ■ ■:■■■ :■ :.^ - ■- -
' One mile, selling, purse $250. Emma Mac
won. Sleeping Child second, Democrat third.
Time, 1 :44-%. " • - :. /;
; Five furlongs, purse $200, La Belle B won,
Moiave second, General Coxey third. ' Time,
1:01  ' _ ..-■■- ./:.;.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
, ST - Clubs. "■/.'. Won. Lost. J^fc !
Baltimore..'.'.......:/.'..:. 64 29 .688
Cincinnati............;.....'...-.'.'. 66 30 .687
Cleveland 58 35 .623
Chicago 66 42 .571
' Pittsburgh... ...... .'....... 63 41 .563
Boston.......... ................ 61 43 .541
Brooklyn......... 43 60 .46*
PUiladeiDtla 43 51 .457 I
New York...... 41 bt> .427
Washington..... 85 57 .880
St. Louis....... .................. 29, 63 .316
Louisville 24 67 .263
BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 14.— Davis' errors at
short cost New York the game to-d&y. Nichols
pitched effectively and was unfathomable.
Attendance, 2117. Score: Boston— 4, 6, 2;
New York— o, 5, 5. Batteries— Nichols and
Ganzel; Clarke and Warner. Umpire—Sher
idan.
LOUISVILLE, KY., Aug. 14.-Louisville de
feated Chicago to-day by bunching hits in the
fourth and fifth innings. The Colts could not
hit Frazer until it was too late. Anson will
protest the game because Lange was hedged In
and put out while attempting to steal home.
Attendance 1300. Score: Louisville— s, 8, 3;
Chicaero — 1, 10, 6. Batteries— Frazer and Dex
ter; Terry and KittreJge. Umpires— Einslie
and L,ally.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug. 14.— Hawley deserves
the moat credit for Pittsburgh victory over
Cleveland to-day. Hurst was frightfully off in
his work, but both teams suffered. Attendance
2000. Score: Pittsburg— 6, 11,0; Cleveland—
4, 6, 3. Batteries— Hawley and Merritt; Young
and Zimmer. Umpire — Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Aug. 14.—Washing
ton was not in it to-day. There were no fea
tures, barring Cross' batting. Attendance
3200. Score: Philadelphia— l 4, 16, 1; Wash
ington — 0, 4, 7. Batteries — Gumbert and
Clements; German and McUuire. Umpire — Con
anan.
BROOKLYN, N T . V.. Aug. 14—Brooklyn-Bal
timore game postponed: rain.
HANLAN'S CHALLENGE.
Will Row Any JUan in America Front
One Mile to Five.
BELLEVILLE, Ont., Aue. 14.-Yester
day's protest on the sinele-scull race be
tween Hanlan and Kogers was withdrawn
to-day and the race given to Rogers.
Hanlan now offers to row any man in
America from one mile to five for $1000
upward.
The water this afternoon was rough and
in the professional, single-scull dash,
three-quarters of a mile, all declined to
contest except Hanlan and Durnan. The
ex-champion won by several lengths. The
startere in tbe amateur senior double
sculls, three-quarters of a mile with a
turn, were Russell and Ryan of the
Torontos and Greenwood and Marsh oi
the Dons.
The former crew pulled a very fast
stroke and soon got the lead, but the boat
filled with water and they were forced to
retire. Greenwood and Marsh finished at
their leisure. The final race was a pro
fessional four-oared mile and a half, with
a turn, between tbe English and Canadian-
American crews, and was rowed in rough
water, the wind facing the oarsmen on
their return. The English crew led from
the start, turned a short distance ahead
and after a desperate struggle finished
thirty-two seconds ahead. Time, 18:50.
FUTURITY CANDIDATES.
■ ■■-.- •■'■
Chances of the Youngsters Who Go the
rout To-Day.
NEW YORK, N. V., Au?. 15.-T fie great
Futurity, the richest stake of the Ameri
can turf, will be run at Sbeepshead Bay
to-morrow, the opening day of the autumn
meeting of the Coney Island Jockey Club.
The betting has taken a decided turn
since Rhodesia's victory over CleoDsus and
Challenger's fast time. Bot ■■> of these
youngsters loom up as very promising
candidates. There has been quite an ac
tive demand for both within the past
twenty-four hours. This has resulted in
Ornaraent receding r fraction of a point in
the quotations. The railbirds have a sneak
ing regard for Octagon, the Blemton
stable's slashing son of Rayon dOr and
Ortega. Rodermond's boom seems to have
burs";. Box, the Westerner, is not ra
garded with high favor, and Ogden is an
unknown quantity.
BENNETT'S RACE A FARCE.
All but One of the Competitors for the
Yachting Cup Withdraw.
LONDON, Enq., Aug. 14.— The Royal
Victoria Yacht Club regatta was continued
at Ryde to-day. The principal race was
for the commodore's cup, second prize of
£30 to go to the yacht of a different class
from the winner of the first prize; course
around tbe Isle of Wight; about tifty
miles. The Clyde-built forty-rater Isolde
won, Meteor second. The Britannia,
Satanita and Caress also started.
Satanita has been withdrawn from the
race for the cup given by James Gordon
Bennett, which will take place to-morrow
at Ryde. This leaves the Ailsa to sail over
the course alone. •
Sharktiy- Sullivan Bout.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Aug. 14. -Thomas
Sharkey, who is matched to fight Corbett
to a finish next December, will meet the
once famous John L. Sullivan in a four
round bout at Madison-square Garden on
August 31. Sullivan has been keeping
himself in fair condition and the meeting
is looked to with interest.
forest Vires and Drought in Arkansas.
CLARENCE,' Ark., Aug. : 14.— Forest
fires are raging in the northern end of this
county. The long-continued drought has
dried up vegetation so much that o nee set
on fire it is hard to } control. The ,v farmers
in several places have fought fires day and
night %to % prevent 5 the : burning £of their
fences and outhouses. The drought is so
severe that timber is c dying, and ,in some
places is completely destroyed.
♦
An Ambition* Young Army Officer.
ST. PAUL, Mins., Aug. 14.— Lieutenant
Beacom of the regular army, stationed at
Fort Snelling, has been granted a leave of
absence and will at once proceed to Egypt,
where he expects to join the British Sou
dan expedition. Lieutenant Beacom was
attached to the Japanese headquarters
during the Japanese-Chinese war.
LI HUNG CHANG'S
AMERICAN VISIT,
The President Will Grasp
His Hand on Govern
ors Island.
EAGER TO DO HIM HONOE
Cabinet Oificials Ccnfer With a
View to Arranging the
Programme.
MILITARY AND NAVAL DISPLAY
Li's Limited Time Will Not Allow
Hm to Extend His Trip to
San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Aug. 14.-Gov
ernors Island, the military reservation in
the harbor of New York, has been select
ed as the place of meeting for President
Cleveland and Li Hung Chang. The de
cision of Mr. Cleveland with regard to this
feature of the programme now being ar
ranged for the Chinese diplomat's recep
tion has just been reached. Notification
of this fact has been received at the Chi
nese legation, and it has been officially
communicated to Li Hung Chang. The
President and he will clasp hands on this
historic island on the day tbe steamer St.
Louis, bearing him, arrives at the port of
New York.
The President has been in communica
tion with Secretaries Olney and Lamont
on this matter. Tbe officials have held
that Li does not come to the United States
as a private personage, but as an envoy of
the Emperor of China; and in proof of
this contention thejr point to a letter
which he is bringing from Peking bearing
the royal signature,
Co mine: as an official representative of
the Emperor to this country, the officials
are anxious to do him honor, hence the de
sire of the President to receive him as be
coming one of the rank and mission of the
distinguished celestial.
There was some talk of the Dolphin con
veying Li from New York to Gray Gables,
the President's summer home. No such
thought was entertained by the digni-
taries of European countries who went out
of their way to meet the former Viceroy.
The President determined to do likewise.
Emperor William of Germany arranged
his plans so that he was at Kiel upon Li's
arrival at that place from Russia. Wash
ington is too warm during the dog days
for holding an audience such as it is pro
posed shall be given Li. New York was
therefore the most central and most con
venient point, and the authorities thought
it would be looked upon as a courteous act
for the President to meet Li immediately
upon his arrival.
So far as the programme has been ar
ranged, it is understood that the dispatch
boat Dolphin will be used to convey the
President from Gray Gables to Governors
Island. The Dolphin has been ordered to
Newport, where she wi'l probably receive
instructions from the President and will
then proceed to Boston, where she will
participate in the trial of the cruiser
Brooklyn.
This is to occur several days before Li's
arrival, so that upon her relief from this
duty she can return to New York, stop
ping en route to pick up the President and
Secretary Olney. The Dolphin will also
probably be used to transport Li, with
some of the members of his suite, from the
St. Louis upon her arrival at quarantine,
to the island, where the President will be
in waiting.
Besides the President and Secretary
Olney, the receiving part/ will, it is ex
pected, consist of Assistant Secretary of
State Rockhill, who was acquainted with
Li during his residence in China in a
diplomatic capacity ; Secretary Lamont;
an admiral; one officer of the lower rank
of the navy, and a general of the army.
General Ruger, cammanding the depart
ment of the East, is stationed at Gov
ernors Island. It may be, however, that
the authorities will desire another general
officer to form a memoer of the reception
party, and this officer may be Major-
General Miles, commanding the army.
There is some talk of sending additional
troops to Governors Island to parade upon
Li's arrival. If this be true the probabili-
ties are that troops in and about New
York City will be ordered to the reserva
tion. Three companies of the Thirteenth
Infantry are now stationed on the island,
but these would not make the imposing
display the authorities desire.
1^ is expected that the army will also
participate in Li> reception by firing
salutes from thd forts as the Dolphin
passes on her way to Governors Island.
The North Atlantic squadron will, in
pursuance to tbe programme prepared
some weeks ago, be stationed at Tompkins
ville about the time of Li's arrival. It is
mew to-day.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
»
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Bprings, Buda Pest, Hungaryt
fC Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesiuia
Bnlphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters — always of the same strength, which it,
of course, a matter of great importance." — New York Medical Journal
" A much-esteemed purgative water." — " Its composition is constant. The practitioner
is thus enabled to prescribe definite quantities for definite results."— "A Natural
Water."— The Lancet.
" Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which haye long been
wanting in the best-known Hunyadi waters."— "AgKeabie to the palate. — i.*cep-
tionally efficacious. 1 ' — British Medical Journal.
" This Water may be classed with the best Aperient Waters and be pronounced
one of the strongest."
— Professor Oscar Liebreich, University of Berlok
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters:
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limits^
expected that the ships will all be paraded,
and that they will also participate in Li'»
reception, although Acting Secretary of
the Navy McAdoo positively declares that
he has done nothing in any way looking to
naval participation in the affair.
The report from San Francisco that Li
was deterred from going to that city on
account of threats made against him by
Chinamen there, is ridiculed in official
circles here. It is stated that Li was com
pelled to alter his plans on account of in
structions received from China six weeks
ago. He was on the European continent
at. the time, and cut his tour short there,
hurrying to En.-land, where he is now
making a short visit and advising the
authorities here that he was required to be
at his home earlier than he had antici
pated. He nad selected September 18 as
the date for his arrival in the United
States, bnt advices received from China
compelled him to change the date to
August, and to make his tour in this
country a brief one. Had he the time, it
is stated, he would visit all the principal
cities in the United States.
CHRISTIANS FIGHT FIERCELY.
Nearly Annihilate a Band of Marauding
Mussulmans and Defeat Troops
Sent to Attack Them.
LONDON, Bng., Aug. 14.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Athens saying that a body of Chris
tians attacked a number of marauding
Mussulmans at Katovatia, near Candia.
It is stated that the Mussulmans were
nearly annihilated. A body of troops was
sent to attack the Christians, but they
were defeated.
HEARING A SETTLEMENT.
Balfour's Reply to an Inquiry
Concerning the Venezelan
Controversy.
State Department Officials at Wash*
ington Are Pleased With
the Outlook.
LONDON, Esq., Aug. 14.— in the House
of Commons to-day Sir William Harcourt,
the leader of the opposition, asked, in re
gard to the Venezuelan situation, if the
proposal contained in the dispatch sent to
the Foreign Office by the United States
Government on June 2 iast had removed
the difficulties, and further inquired
whether there were any prospects of a
speedy submission of the question to arbi
tration.
Right Hon. R. J. JBalfonr, First Lord of
the Treasury, said that the Government
was still considering the proposal made
by the United States Government, which
was regarded as opening the way for an
equitable settlement of the difficulty. The
Government had every expectation that
the pending negotiations would lead to an
early settlement.
Sir William Harcourt said that the
House would regard Mr. Haifour's state
ment as satisfactory and *sked to have the
papers on the subject prepared to be pre
sented to the House.
Mr. Balfour replied that the Govern
ment would present the papers to the
House as soon as might be consistent with
public interest.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 14.— The
dispatch of Secretary Olney to Sir Julian
Pauncefote, British Emba3sador, referred
to in the House of Commons debate to
day, was considered by many the most
important document in the arbitration
correspondence between the two coun
tries. The dispatch was devoted to a dis
cussion of proposals submitted by Lord
Salisbury for the settlement of the bound
ary dispute, and .concluded with counter
proposals which Mr. Balfour said to-day
"were regarded by the Foreign Office as
opening the way for an equitable settle
ment of the difficulty."
State Department officials are highly
gratified with the tone of Mr. Balfour'i
reply to Sir William Harcourt's query as
to the effect of the dispatch. During the
absence of Mr. Olney, who is exclusively
in charge of the negotiations, nothing
definite can be learned on the subject.
California Fruit Abroad.
LONDON, Eno., Aug. 14.— The latett
consignment of California fruit, consisting
of 1026 cases, arrived in fine shape. The
fruit, owing to abundance of English and
French fruit in the market, sold at lower
prices than the last consignment. Large
lota were taken by German and Russian
buyers. Dealers express belief that the
September and later arrivals of peaches
and pears will fetch better prices.
Another Transvaal Investigation.
LONDON, Ess., Aug. 14.— The first
meeting of the committee appointed to in
quire into the connection of the British
South Africa Company with the raid made
by Jameson and his followers into the
Transvaal and other matters connected
with the company was held to-day. The
proceedings of to-day's meeting were
merely formal.
Italian Lynching Investigation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 14.— The
State Department has not received from
the Governor of Louisiana his report on
the Italian lynching, nor is it expected
for some days. It appears, however, that
the Italian Government is so far aroused
that the Governor has had to terminate
his vacation ia order to investigate the
affair.DESPERATE
STRIKERS,
They Waylay and Attempt
to Murder Non-Union
Laborers.
FOUR MEN SHOT: TWO
ON EACH SIDE.
One of the Assailants and One
of the Workmen Fatally
Wounded.
THE BATTLE LASTS BUT THREE
MINUTES.
Climax of the Big Strike at Cleve
land—Several Arrests Made by
the Police;
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 14.— One of
the most dastardly attempts at murder
that ever occurred in this city toofc place
here to-night. It was the outcome of the
great Brown hoisting works str'ke that
has been going on here for the past three
months. As a result several men are in
jured, two of whom will probably die.
Since the strike began rioting has been
the chief pastime of the strikers and their
thousands of sympathizers. Two lives
have been sacrificed through the trouble,
and for weeks the works have been run
under police and military protection and
the 300 non-union men escorted to their
homes by armed officers to prevent mur
der.
The striking workmen put up a big fight
to beat the Brown Company, but have
signally failed. Ever since the trouble
began the strikers and their sympathizers
have carried on a guerrilla warfare against
the men who toot their places.
They have assaulted them, stoned their
houses and boycotted them at the stores.
About a week ago the five companies of
militia were withdrawn from the Brown
works and police protection taken away.
The strikers applied for a court injunction
and were refused, and since then have be
come doubly revengeful.
To-night a party of ten strikers went to
the corner of Wade Park and East Madi
son street and laid in wait for a party of
workmen who came by on their way home
from the Brown works. There were nine
men in the little group of workmen with
their dinner-pails. Without a moment's
warning the strikers rushed from behind
a saloon where they were in ! iding, and,
with a cry of "Scab," began shooting into
the crowd. A few of the workmen were
armed and returned the fire. The battle
lasted about three minutes, in which time
about thirty shots were fired, the strikers
fieeing.
Four men were shot — two fatally.
Ge< rge Plum, one of the workmen, was
shot in the bead and will die, while Al
Caldwell, another workman, was shot in
the right leg and in the shoulder. Two of
the strikers were shot and one will die.
Tue one fatally injured is George Larsen,
an ex-employe of the Brown works. He
was shot through the lungs. The other
man s name is Haley, and his injuries are
not serious. Several other people are
thought to have been slightly injured, but
their identity cannot be '.earned.
The police have made several arrests
among the strikers.
NANSEH'S ARCTIC VOYAGE
f Continued- from Firtt Pag*.]
as telegraphed from Washington to-day,
Evelyn S. Baldwin, who was a member of
the Peary expedition and is now a mem
ber of the Chicago Academy of Sciences,
is very enthusiastic over the repoTts. He
said to-day:
"Dr. Nansen's dispatch, 'Home safe af
ter a fortunate expedition,' should pre
clurte.further discussion as to the success
of his voyage and should be taken as in
controvertible evidence in a favorable
light. The doctor says that while the
north pole itself was not reached it was
demonstrated that exploration in the most
distant rrorth can be successful.
"Tne results of Dr. Nansen's expedition
are far-reaching, demonstrating, tirst, that
the polar current whicn carried the
Jrannette as far north as 77 deg. 15 mm.
continues in the vicinity of the pole cer
tainly as far as latitude 86 deg. 14 mm.,
the point where it would appear Nansen
abandoned the Fram, fearing that should
he continue to drift he would be carried
beyond the pole and not be able to extri
cate himself before the supplies should
give out. He did a wise thing to return
by the route that was known to him.
"The second important fact gained by
him is that a vessel may be constructed so
as to withstand the tremendous strain of
the northern ice. Moreover, the meeting
of the English expedition to Franz Josef
Land, by which means he has returned to
civilization on board the Windward, im
presses the importance of concerted action
among all exploring parties."
Mr. Baldwin thinks a headquarters
should be established to carry on Arctic
expeditions, and it should be located on
Newman Bay, in Northwest Greenland,
latitude 81.30, as near Captain Hall's old
location as possible. This opinion is
shared by Lieutenant Brainerd of the
Greeley expedition.
Mr. Baldwin thinks that with such
headquarters securely established a party
would certainly be able to outline the
northern extension of Greenland, which
may perhaps be as far north as 85 degrees.
Tiie existence of new land and animal life,
the electrical forces, geological formation
and related subjects might be prosecuted
by this means.
A JOYOUS MEETING.
Explorer Jacicaon Telia of Or. Nansen'a
Surprise anil ltelight.
LONDON, Esq., Aug. 14.— The captain
of the Windward has sent a long dispatch
from Explorer JacK'on to Mr. A. C. W.
Harrnsworth, one of the promoters of the
Jackson - Harmsworth expedition. The
d spatch says that Mr. Jackson met Dr.
Nansen on June 17 on an icefloe southeast
of Cape Fiora. The meeting was most re
markable owing to Dr. Nansen being un
oertain where he was. He evinced the
greatest surprise and delight at meeting
Mr. Jackson. Members of the Jackson
expedition had been unknowingly within
a few miles of Dr. Nansen's quarters. Mr.
Jackson then proceeds to detail his own
doings.
Ho says he devoted most of the year to
exploring the western part of Franz Josef
Land. He made accurate maps of the ter
ritory. He discovered new regions and a
iarge tract of land beyond the heretofore
known limits of the island, with a magnifi
cent headland covered with ice from foot
to summit, and a huge rampart of ice that
could not be passed over at its base. Here
the party met with a series of gales, fogs
and driving snowstorms. Frequently they
barely escaped being smashed by the ice.
Another lofty headland was discovered
at Cambridge Bay. A series of hardships
and dangerous adventures was rewarded
by valuable scientific collections. The
phenomenal wildness of the spring caused
disappointment. The melting of the ice
and the consequent openness of the sea
prevented the use of sledges in journeys
northward. A number of valuable photo
graphs were taken, picturing the terrible
Arctic nature of the ice- capped country.
INCIDENTS OF THE VOIAGE.
Danger* Encountered by the Explorers
in Northern Jc-fleld:
LONDON, England, Aug. 15.— A Vardo
dispatch <o a morning paper gives further
details of Nansen's trip. Nansen said:
"As anticipated, we were gradually drifted
north and northwestward during the
autumn and winter of 1893, from the con
stantly exposed and violent pressures, but
the Fram surpassed our expectations, be
ing superior to any strain.
"The temperature fell rapidly and was
constantly low for the whole winter.
During weeks the mercury was frozen.
Tne lowest temperature was 62 degrees be
low zero. Every man on board was in
perfect health during the whole voyage.
"The sea was up to 90 fathoms deep
south of 79 degrees north, where the depth
suddenly increased and was from 1600 to
1900 fathoms north of that latitude. This
will naturally upset all previous theories
based on a shallow polar basin.
"The sea bottom was remarkably devoid
of organic matter.
"During the whole drift I had good op
portunities to take a series of scientific
observations, meteorological, magnetic,
astronomical and biological soundings,
deep-sea temperature, examinations for
the salinity of the water, etc.
"Under the stratum of cold water cover
ing the surface of the polar basin I soon
discovered warmer and more saline water,
due to the Gulf Stream, with temperatures
from 31 deg. to 33 deg.
"We saw no land and no open water,
except narrow cracks, in any direction.
As anticipated, our drift northwestward
was most rapid during the winter and
spring, while the northerly winds stopped
or drifted us backward during the sum
mer.
"On January 4 of this year the Fram
was exposed to the most violent ice press
ures we experienced. She was then firmly
frozen in ice of more than thirty feet of
measured thickness.
"This floe was over-ridden by great ice
masses, which were pressed against the
port side with irresistible force and threat
ened to bury if not to crush her.
"The necessary provisions with the can
yas kayaks and other equipments had
been placed in safety and every man was
ready to leave the ship if necessary and
was prepared to continue with tbe
drift, living on tbe floe.
'But the Fram proved stronger than
our trust in her. When the pressure rose
to the bighest and the ice was
piled up high above the bul
warks she was broken loose and slowly
lifted out of her bed, in which she had
been frozen, but not the slightest sign of
a split was to be discovered anywhere in
her.
"After that experience I consider the
Fram almost equal to anything in the way
of pressure.
"As I now with certainty anticipated
that the Fram would soon reach her
high3Ht latitude north of Franz Josef
Land, and that she would not easily fail
to carry out the programme of the expe
dition, viz.: to cross the Polar basin,
I decided to leave the ship in order to
explore the sea north of her route.
"Lieutenant Johansen volunteered to
join me, and I could not easily have found a
better companion in every respect.
"The leadership of the expedition on
board the Fram I left to Captain Sverdrup.
Johansen and I left the Fram on March 14,
1895, at 83 deg. 59 mm. north and 102 deg.
27 mm. east.
"Our purpose was to explore the seat of
the north and reach the highest latitude
possible and then go to Spitzbergen via
Franz Josef Land, where we felt certain
to find a shiD.
"We found the ice in the beginning tol
erably good traveling and so made good
distances, and the ice did not appear to be
drifting much.
"By March 29 we had reached 87 deg. 30
mm , but there the ice became rough and
the drift contrary.
"Our progress was very slow and fati
guing, as the sledges had to be carried
over the high hummocks constantly built
built up ny tbe floes grinding against
each other.
"On April 7 the ice became so bad that I
gave up the northerly march. We were
then at 85 deg. 14 mm.
"We made a short excursion on skis,
but could see nothing but ice of the same
description. The temperature also went
very low, keeping between 35 and 40 below
zero, and causing us to suffer a good deal,
as we had only woolen clothing, our furs
having been left on shipboard to save
them.
"We were drifting northward again,
and on April 6 began to march toward
Franz Josef Land.
"Provisions were rapidly decreasing and
the dogs had to be killed one after another
to furnish food for the remainder.
"In June the cracks became exceedingly
bad and the snow soft, so that traveling
was very dangerous."
Professor N"an«en describes the remain
der o; the trip minutely, down to the ac
cidental meeting with Jackson, the events
from day to day not differing from the ac
counts given above.
At the time of the meeting Nansen's
provisions were almost entirely exhausted.
Magnificent Scientific Results.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, .An*. 14.-A
dispatch from Christiania to the Unser
Land says that Professor Mohn, who is
now at Vardo, states that the scientific re
sults of Dr. Nansen's obiervations are
magnificent. Dr. Nansen, the dispatch
adds, will leave Vnrdoon Monday.
pu ft suing in abo outlaws.
I'oase on the Trail of the Montpelier
Rank- Robber*.
POCATELLO, Idaho. Aug. 15.-The
Montpelier bank-robbers were traced as
far east as Smiths Fork, about forty miles
from Montpelier, and nothing further has
been heard from Sheriff Davis and his
posse. A second party was organized at ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
Some of the Most Famous Works of the Late Sir John Millais, President of the
Royal Academy.
midnight and started with supplies to re*
iieve the pursuers.
Thomas McCarthy, the noted bank
robber, is thought to be tbe leader of the
outlaws, as he is known to have lived in
Star Vailey for several months. The rob
bers had horses staked out to relieve the
ones they started with, and everything
proves that the plans were carefully laid
and well executed. Governor McConnell
will offer a reward of $2000 for the capture
of the desperadoes.
«
LOS ANGELES- HIGHBINDERS.
Two Hatchet- Men Arraigned for the
Killing of Wong Che.e.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 14.— The
preliminary examination of Chee Gow
and Gong on Chong, highbinders, charged
with the murder of Wong Chee, was be
gun to-day before Chief Justice Owen.
| Chinamen of every description were either
in the little courtroom and crowded into
the ball and on the stairways.
The deceased Celestial was a shining
light among his peonle, many of whom
believe the arraigned Chinamen are guilty
of his murder. The killing took place on
the night of July 29 and caused the great
est sensation in the Chinese quarter of the
city. It came near precipitating a bloody
battle between two tactions of Chinamen,
and much bitterness has existed ever
since. It is likely that the proceedings
will not be finished until late to-morrow
afternoon. Police Officer Tohn Lennon
j and Police Surgeon Bryant were on tbe
I stand all of this afternoon.
Lot Angelrs Mining Exchange.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Aug. 14.— Tbe
first regular call of the Los Angeles Min
ing and Stock Exchange will be had to
morrow at the exchange, 318 West Second
street. While it is not expected that there
will be a great deal of activity at the first
call interest will grow and thf Mining Ex
change will be one of the institutions of
the city. The mining industry in South
ern California and contiguous territory is
on the increase and there are many trans
actions which could be furthered by the
exchange.
Jon (latoi !•* licit tupment.
LOS GATOS, Cal.. Aug. 14.— An ad
vance squad of Compiny B, First Regi
ment, N. G. C, of San Francisco, arrived
here this morning and began pitching
tents in Shore's Grove. The men are in
charge of Quartermaster-Sergeant A. H.
Clifford. Company B will go into camp
here Sunday morning and remain until
the following Sunday. A great many of
the members will be accompanied by their
families. ..
PARLIAMENT PROROGUED
Queen Victoria Says She Is Glad
to Be at Peace With the
World.
She Feels Some Anxiety as to the
Outcome of the Armenian and
Cretan Questions.
LONDON, Eng., Au*. 14.— The Queen's
speech, proroguing Parliament, was de
livered to the House of Commons at 6:15
o'clock this afternoon. The speech says:
My relations with the powers continue to be
friendly. The hostile movements of the derv
ishes iv the valley of the Nile against the posi
tion occupied by Italy east of that river con
vinced me that it was necessary for Egypt to
take steps toward arresting their advance. By
my advice aud sanction an expedition has
| undertaken to restore to the Government of
the Khedive, as far as Dongola. the territory
which was lost a decade ago. The operations
of the expedition are proceeding, and by the
brilliant action at Ferket alar^e portion of the
territory has already been recovered.
The condition of portions of Turkey con
tinues to cause anxiety, and at present' Crete
is the principal center of the disturbances. I
have observed strict neutrality, but in con
junction with the powers have endeavored to
reconcile the contestants by proposing a sys
tem of government which should be equitable
and equally acceptable to Christians and Mus
sulmans.
I regret that a serious rebellion, signalized
with cruel murders, has broken one in Mata
beleland, the rising htiving extended into
Mushonaland. The work of defense and re
pression has been undertaken, the settlers dis
playing great courage. They have since been
re-eaforced by imperial and other troops.
The speech refers to the Matabele
country and expresses hope tliat the rebels
will shortly accept the clemency which
has been offered to them.
Referring to the matter of the delimita
tion of the Indian frontier the speech says
that the agreements between the Shah of
Persia and the Ameer of Afghanistan upon
the subject are friendly to the Chitrals.
ReJief garrisons sent to Chitral have
received the co-operation of the tribes
men.
Her Majesty expresses her thanks to the
House of Commons for its provisions and
services for the year, and concludes by
saying that slie has given her consent
with pkasure to the measures lor naval
defensfis, for lessening tne agricultural
taxes, for the protection of the cattle im
ports from disease and measures for vari
ous other purposes, including the Irish
land bill.
In bidding farewell to the members of
the House, her Majesty prays that they
may receive the blessings of providence
and rest from their labors.
WILLOWS SPORTS
ARE IN CLOVER,
They Make a Killing on
Zamloch, a Local
Sprinter.
WON AT GOOD ODDS.
Rose Clarke Beaten in Fast Time
by the Glenn County
Horse.
ADDISON TAKES THE TKOT.
Beechwoo d, a Daughter of Si kwcod,
Is First in the Pacing
Event.
WILLOWS, Cal., Aujj. 14.— There wa s
the usual large attendance at the track to
day, but although the male population was
well represented in the rinpr, the betting
was lighter than on the previous days of
the week. This can be accounted for by
the fact that the various rondo and dice
games absorbed the attention of much of
the crowd until the running event was
called.
The caliber of the sport was quite up to
the standard of excellence that has
marked the meeting from the outset. Ad
dison, the steady-going son of James Mad
ison, captured the 2:24 trot in straight
heats, and Beechwood, a brown mare, one
of the first of the get of the great Silk
wood to race, placed the 2:10 pace to her
credit after dropping the first heat to Ed
Lafferty. Zamloch, a sprinter raised in
this county, scampered away with the
running dash, selling from $3 to $5 in
pools of $25, and to-night the local sports
have money to burn. The hotels are rap
idly being filled to overflowing, and to
morrow, the closing day, pro mises to be a
big aftair.
Dan McCarty of white hat fame, the
traveling companion of Lord Talbot Clif
ton and the hero of a half hundred es
capades, arrived on the noon train, and
during the day gave the ladies an exhibi
tion of his skill as a reinsman, piloting
Bonnie Bell for two heats. The local band
enlivened the day's racing by rendering
some popular airs and to-morrow the
leader promises a card arranged especially
for the occasion.
The Jud Wilkes stallion, Harry Win
chester, \va« a big favorite for the 2:24 trot,
bringing $10 against ?6 for the entire field,
consisting of Duke, Auditor, Addison and
Grandissimo. Addison tookthe first heat
in 2:19>4, with Auditor finishing second
and Harry Winchester third. In the fol
lowing two heats he took his revenge on the
latter horse, which had lowered iiis colors
ai Petal uma, leading Harry to the wire in
both heats in 2:18^. 2:18^.
There was no betting on the pacing'
event previous to the first beat. This was
taken by Ed Lafferty in a drive from
Beechwood by a half length in 2:24"^.
Notwithstanding this unexpected turn,
Bonnie Belle now sold a pronounced
choice at $10, with the field bnnging-but
$4. Beechwood shook off Ed Lafferty
after passing the hah' in the next heat
and won easily in 2:2lJ^. Tlie crowd still
pt.ick to Bonnie Bell, but Beechwood was
rhst past the judges in the next two heats
and took the purse. Bonnie Bell, driven
by Dan McCarty in the last two heats,
wa« second on both occasions.
Pools on the five and a half furlongs
dash showed the field selling favorite at
$15, Gladiola going for $10 and Zaraloch $3.
The latter horse, excellently ridden by
Ames, was first away, and in a hard drive
won by a scant length from Rose Clark in
the very fast time of 1:08. Gladiola was a
close third. Mntuals paid $7 50.
Trotting, 2:24 class, 3 in 5; purse $600.
Addison, blk. c, by James Madison (kelson) 111
Harry Winchester, 'o. s., by Jud Wilkes
(Hodges) .. / 322
Auditor, b. h., by Secretary (kdgc) 2 3 3
(irandissimo, b. s., by i.c Grande (Loaler).... 4 4 4
Dutce, b. g., by .Loban's Alroont (I'eart) dis.
lime, 2: l9V*— 2 :lßVi-2 :lBVa-
Pacing, 2:40 class, 3 in 5; purse $500.
Beechwood. br. m., by Sllkwood (Hodges).. 2 111
Ed Lufferty, b. s., by Charles Derby (Laf
ferty) ." 1434
Bonnie Bell. b. f.. by Whale Bone (Clarke
and McCareby) 3322
Dlclatus, eh. » . by lied Wilkes (Oov) 4 2 4 3
Blue iieli. b. m., by Sail Diego (Heanett)... 5 5 d.
B.ueJßird, gr f.. by Brigadier (Helm) 6 dls.
Time, 2:24t4—2:21^-2:20i4— 2:201,4.
Running, five and a half furlongs; purse 9150.—
J. M. Van Winkle's a c. Kamloch, 112, by imp.
Frlttr Tuck-Twilight (Ames), won: Charles
Schluyser's eh. m. Kose Ciaric, 107, by Prince of
Norfolk (Murphy), second: W. 8. Maben's b. m.
Gladiola, 107, by Uano-Kdeiweiss (Cievelaud)
third. Time, 1:08. Quarters! aff, Pricllle and
Josephine also ran.
ASTORIA'S SPORTING CARNIVAL.
Thtrd Annual Regatta and a Tournament
of Firemen.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 14.— Astoria's third
annual regatta will be held on the 18th,
19th and 20th insts., and on tbe 19th and
20th tbe firemen's tournament will be
held. Tbe two affairs promise to be highly
successful, there being numerous entries
for all of the events. The programme for
the regatta includes, for the first day,
races for Whitehall boats, doable sculls,
single scull racing shells, ships' boats,
lonr-oared Whitehall boats, sailing cat
boats, sailing canning tenders, gasoline
launches, sloops free-for-all. The events
on the second day will be: Life-saving
exhibit drill, sailing race for twenty-foot
sloops, balloon ascension and parachute
jump, catamaran race, double scull plea
sure boats, man-of-war gig races, fishing
boats sailing. For the third day: Man
of-war and lighthouse tender cutters,
single scull racing shells, man-of-war
barge race, pulling fishing boats, sailing
sloops free-for-all, scow schooners, exhi
bition by life-saving crew.
The programme for the firemen's tourna
ment does not differ materially from those
usually formulated by the Northwest
Firemen's Association ; teams will be prea
! ent from nearly all Oregon towns having
! volunteer departments. Prizes valued at
between $4000 and $5000 will be awarded
to the winners of the various events.
GARVEN CITY WHEELMEN.
Deltnaa Will Go for a Record After Sun
day'a Rnndracr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 14.— The Garden
C'ty Cyclers ■will hold a handicap five
mile roadrace on their East San Jose
course next Sunday. The following are
entries for the event: Tony Delmas and
Julius Smith, scratch; Gale Hardenbrook,
i twenty-five seconds; J. D. Lawrence and
j R. It. Sherman, t.irty-five seconds each;
I living Ryder, P. M*. Curtis, F. L. Sey
i bolt and Rene Brassy, one minute each;
| Roy Walters, E. L. Davis and R. R. Brige
nian, ninety seconds each; R. R. John-
I son and E. S. Johnson, one minute and
fortv-tive seconds each; J. A. Jury, Charles
i Burgess, E. Hambly, W. R. Lipsett, F. F.
Smith and C. B. Jarman, one minute and
fitty seconds each ;, H. L. Miller, two min
utes and fifteen seconds. A number of
valuable prizes have been offered.
After the roadrace Tony Delmas, paced
by four tandems, will attempt to break
the course record of 13:02, made by John
Wing last Snnday. It is expected that
the record will be cut down to 12:30.
LOS ANGELES PHIZ EPIGHT.
Joe Welch Knocked. Out by Herrera of
tia kern field.
LOS ANGELES, Cai*, Aug. 14.— The
Los Angeles Athletic Club gave an enter
tainment to its members and friends this
evening. A catch-as-catch-can wrestling
match, American style, best two in three,
between C. H. Gridley of Los Angeles and
J. A. Burns of Chicago, was won by Burns.
The event of the evening was a boxing
match between Joe Welch of this city and
Arelio Herrera, a Mexican, of Bakersfield.
Honors were easy up to the sixth round,
when Welch was floored. From that time
on the Mexican had the best of it, and
Welch's friends threw up the *ponge dur
ing the tenth round.
Santa Barbara Swimming Club.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 14— A
dozen of Santa Barbara's best swimmers
have organized the Del Mar Swimming
Club, with these officers: Captain, Clarence
Kelton ; lieutenant, O. H. Helmer; secre
tary, P. Maurice McMahon; treasurer,
John Dugan. Initiation lees and dues
have been placed at a low figure to en
courage tbe association of all who are
skilled in this healthful sport- Orange
and black have been adopted as the club
colors. A tournament for prizes will be
held off Plaza del Mar on August 23, to
comprise races, water polo and a uuck
hunt, one of the member's to personate the
bird, which will be pursued by oarsmen
and swimmers.
Red liUtff Catualty.
RED BLUFF. Cal., Aug. 14. — Todd
Wells, a boy 12 years old, was found dead
on the ranch of J. if: Boyd, south of Bed
Bluff, last evening. He had apparently
been riding a horse, and the animal
stumbled and fell upon him. The funeral
took place to-day. He was a son of Mrs.
Kate B. Wells, a widow, who resides in
Antelope Valley, east of Red Bluff.
Death at Stbaatopol.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Aug. 14.— George
W. Frazier, who was a member of the sec
ond party of white men to cross the
Sierras, died at his niece's home in Se
bastopol this week. HU age was 88. He
came trom Missouri sixty-six years ago,
accompanying the famous Joe Walker in
his hunting and trapping expedition. At
one time he was banished to San Bias by
the Mexican Government.
Holliater Jail-Break Prevented.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Aug. 14.— Word
reached Sheriff Holbrook last night that
Murderer Conkling, just sentenced to life
imprisonment, was preparing to escape.
He;was at once searched, and on his person
was found a key which he had fitted to
the lock of his cell door. It was made of
hard wood and worked perfectly. (Jonk
ling said he had had it for some tin>e, but
hoped for an acquittal on the second trial.
The jail proper is a flimsy affair of brick,
and once out of his cell, Conkling would
have been free fn ten minutes.
ARGUING AT SON UEA.
Closing Addremteu to the Jury in the
Xeweotner Murder Case,
SONORA, Cal., Aug. 14.— The fifth day
of John T. Newcomer's trial for the kill
ing of Caleb Dorsey opened with a review
of the testimony by Attorney Street of
the prosecution. He went over the de
tails of the shooting, as they had been
brought out by the evidence. Robinson
and Waters for the defense followed,
dwelling upon the testimony tending to
prove that Newcomer shot Dorsey in self
defense. Waters in closing told the jury
that he desired that his client should
either be found guilty of murder in the
first degree or acquitted, as there was no
middle point.
The case went over till to-morrow, when
Distrsct Attorney Otis will make his clos
ing argument. It is probable a verdict
will be rendered early to-morrow after
noon, and the general opinion is that
Newcomhr will go free.
SAN BENTIO COUNTY MUDDLE.
All Indictment* Found by the Recent
Grand Jury Are Quashed.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Aug. 11.— A lengthy
decision was filed in the Superior Court
to-day by Judge Dorn of Monterey County,
which declares the Grand Jury of San
Benito County an illegal body, dismisses
all the indictments it found and quashes
all its proceedings. Among the indict
ments declared invalid are those against
E. B. Montgomery, ex-County Treasurer,
for alleged embezzlement of county funds.
The Grand Jury was impaneled by Judee
James F. Breen for the express purpose of
investigating treasury affairs, but he
neglected to comply with the law requir
ing the selection of grand jurors equally
from all townships of the county, and drew
them from San Juan and Hollister to
the exclusion of one-half ot the county.
Since the indictments were found. Ex
pert Theller of Santa Oruz has made an
investigation of county affairs, going back
six years, and finds that Montgomery is
the only official owing anything, and that
$134 shortage resulted from a duplication
of tue Assessor's salary warrant.
JULIAN'S PLACER MINES,
Immense Hydraulicking Project
Conceived by Three Men
of Pluck.
Energy Winning Wealth for Fortune-
Seekers Who Tramped Into
San Diego.
SAN DIF>GO, Cal., Aug. 14.— A rare
example of grit is shown in the works
now almost completed by F. R. Sawday
and the Bailey brothers of Julian in the
mountains sixty miles east from ban Diego.
For two years or more these men have
been carrying on a colossal project for the
hydraulicking of 600 or more acres of
placer ground lying in the alluvial coun
try below Julian and Ballena, formed by
the washings of Santa Isabel and Pamo
creeks.
Their pluck comes to the surface when
it is known that Bailey brothers are ham
mering ont every penny of this great work
in their little stamp mill at the Ready Re
lief mine at Banner, four miles from
Julian. One of the brothers stands at the
amalgam plates and watches the workings
of the mill, while the other brother gathers
ore and keeps the plant going. Savrday
does his share by building the new works.
In 18G9 the Bailey brothers tramped into
old San Diego carrying their blankets and
driving a burro. They were prospectors
and "dead broke." They went into the
interior and with one or two other adven
turous spirits they discovered the famous
Julian mines, which have turn«<i millions
of gold into the country's treasury. The
Bailey brothers discovered among other
prospects the Ready Relief mine, and they
starved and pinched until they got a little
mill erected. Since then the mill has
roared out every day except for occasional
stops for clean-ups, and the Bailey
brothers, while not becoming bonanza
kings, are in comfortable circumstances.
Both of the Baileys saw long ago the pos
sibilities of great wealth in the placer
country below Witch Creek. But hydraul
icking en a large scale takes a lot of money,
and on a small soale nothing can be done ;
so they had to wait. They tried to inter
est capital a number of times, but capital
is shy of placer schemes in California, es
pecially since the adverse legislation re
specting slickens. So they worked away
all alone, and finally they determined to
build the system single-handed, with Saw
day to oversee the job and do what he
could.
From a point just back of Witch Creek
Hotel, about eleven miles this side of
Julian, a ditch was begun to divert the
waters of Santa Isabel Creek. The ditch
has a capacity of 4000 miner's inches.
Miners know that this is an immense 1111
--taking, when the character of the country
is considered. Through solid rock, along
hillsides and over occasional trestles the
water is conveyed several thousand feet to
a steep hillside, where a tunnel 1300 feet
in length has been cut through solid
rock.
Taking up the water again in the ditch
it is carried by alternate ditch, flume and
natural channel down to Wash Hollow,
about eight miles down grade among the
foothills. There another great work is
being done in the storage of this great
volume of water. A storage reservoir is
being constructed sufficient to impound a
winter's flow from the creek and thus
a supply will be maintained for the entire
year.
The placer ground to be torn to pieces
by the great giants directing the enormous
pressure generated by the drop from the
intake is situated below Wash Hollow in a
favorable condition for hydra ulicking.
The owners of the property have gone
over it time and again and sampied it in
almost every yard. It has been estimated
by experts to run all the way from 10 cents
to 75 cents per cubic yaid. At the lower
rijrure the projectors or the enterprise have
a fortune and at the higher they will be
bonanza kings. They are saying nothing
and the little null at the Ready Relief
keeps on grinding.
Santa Harbara'a Injured.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 14.—
The funeral of the late Walter E. Nichols,
the first victim of yesterday's runaway,
will beheld from the Christian church to
morrow at 2 o'clock. Ross Drake, the boy
who was so badly hurt, was saved from
immediate death only by the heroic ef
forts of Byron Elint, who, although badly
injured bimseif, rescued the delicate lad
from under the heels of the struggling
horses. Drake is still delirious, but Dr.
Kelleghan, the attending physician, holds
out hopes of his recovery. Miss Kelley,
the victim of the State-street accident, was
reported a little better this morning.
JHg Pear* From Sonoma.
SONOMA, Cal., Aug. 14.— Captain John
Johnson, one of the most experienced
oichardists in this valley, shipped to-day
the largest and finest lot of Bartlett pears
that have gone out of Sonomu this season.
The pears were all of good size, some ex
tra choice ones weighing as much as a
pound and a quarter apiece. The fruit
was free from scale, and was consigned to
King & Morse of San Francisco.
ROBSON'S DEATH
IN SKELETON PASS
The Brave Line - Rider
Given No Chance for
His Life.
DECOYED INTO AMBUSH
Killed by a Volley as He Raced
On in Pursuit of an
Outlaw.
BODE AHEAD OF THE POSSE.
Sought to Engage a Desperado Single-
Handed and Dashed Into
a Trap.
TUCSON, Abiz., Aug. 14.— Line-Ridee
Frank Robson's valor, unmarked by pre
caution, caused his death. That is the
story of the ambushing of Sheriff Leather
wood's posse by the Nogales bank raiders
in Skeleton Canyon yesterday. Robson
knew no fear, and when the posse was
gradually overtaking an outlaw, he,
mounted on the fleetest horse, pressed on
ahead to engage the desperado single*
handed.
The raider entered a clump of Drush, the
line rider, thundering on in his rear, fully
a quarter of a mile ahead of the rest of the
pursuers. As he neared the trees a volley
rane out, followed by a yell from the
brush. Robson reeled in his saddle and
fell. Leatherwood's party dashed to the
rescue as fast as their Dorses could carry
them, but the brave man had breathed his
last before they came up.
The outlaw, when he had passed into
the clump of trees, had stopped. There
his comrades were in waiting, and they
prepared to meet the oncoming rider.
When he was within rifle shot they fired
the volley that killed Robson. They made
no attempt to attack the remainder of the
posse, but mounted their horses and con
tinued their flight. Leatherwood here
gave up the pursuit and returned to
Bisbee, bearing Robson's body with him.
Deputy Sheriff Doyle, who had left the
posse before the ambush, returned to
Tucson last night. Jf'rom Tucsnn, he says.
Sheriff Leatherwood and himself went to
Nogales and thence to Bisbee, where they
were joined by Sheriff Fiy, Dspnty John
son and Messrs. Alvord and Herbert.
About twelve or fourteen miles south of
Bisbee the posse struck the trail, which
it followed into the Skeleton Mountains.
The first sight of the robbers they got wa3
on Wednesday, about noon, in the foot
hills of the Skeleton mountains, where
Sheriff Leatherwood saw one of the out
laws. The party immediately gave chase.
As soon as the robber discovered his pur
suers, he put spurs to his horse and rode
rapidly into the bills. Deputy Doyle,
with the intention of intercepting him as
he rounded a point, rode upon the side of
the hill, which was covered with loose
rocks. In scrambling over these, his sad
dle turned and his horse bucked him off.
His knee was bad^ly hurt and his gun
broken until it was worthless. His com
panions came to his rescue, helped him
onto his Horse and directed him to co to
San Simon with dispatches for the officers
at Deming. the officers apparently having
taken that direction.
The names of the bank robbers are
known to the officers, all being local out
laws, and some having followed cattle
stealing and smuggling for years. They
are Cole Young, Bob Hayes, "Black Jack,"
Jesse Williams and Tom Anderson.
The one chased by the posse just before
Deputy Doyle left was evidently a sentinel
and acted as a decoy, drawing the posse
up Skeleton Canyon, which is thickly cov
ered with underbrush and is very narrow
»nd rough, where Line-Rider Kobson, who
was in the lead, was picked off. Having
thus crippled the posse, and knowing full
well it would not leave Robson's body
there for the coyotes, the bandits are sap
posed to have crossed the line into Mexico
to commit fresh depredations.
NEW TO-DAY.
IESTAR
Edited by JAMES H. BARRY.
IS ONE OF THE HOTTEST PAPERS
EVER PUBLISHED HERE
OR AMWHERE.
The Tiger Unchained.
Judge Low Impaled.
Hudelson Vindicated
of His Boyish Indiscretions
in Editor Barry's Fear-
less S*y!e.
For Sale by All Newsdealers,
5 GENTS
Subscription- - ■ $1.50 per Year.
L.W. LOYEY, Manager, 429 Montgomery SU
Campaign
Shirts
All parties are
agreed on one
pomt — the supe-
riority of
:^s. "STANDARD"
% trade' r ' Shifts, the prod-
I TIT "D
II i\.i>. uct of, a leading
Shirts, the prod-
uct of a leading
I MARK/ _ . I';.':
II |n|_rj=ri I . Cal 1 forma fac-
: Vy W" tory /All dealers.
NEUSTADTER BROS, Mfra.. S. F., Cal.
34
FUSION EFFECTED
IN WASHINGTON.
Populists Give Democrats
One Nomination for
Congress.
LEWIS THEIR CHOICE.
Free-Silver Republicans Name
W. C. Jones for a Like
Position.
STATE OFFICES DISTRIBUTED.
Third Party Leaders Succeed in Cap
turing a Majority of the
Places.
ELLENSBURG, Wash., Aug. 14.— The
Populists to-night conceded the Congress
man to the Democrats, thereby perfecting
a fusion. The fight had waged furiously
all day, and at many times the scheme
appeared doomed to defeat. It required
the combined efforts of the leaders of the
three parties to bring about the long
soughc result.
Under the agreement reached the Popu
lists were entitled to two electors, Gov
ernor, Lieutenant-Governor, Secretary of
State, Treasurer, Auditor and .Land Com
missioner. The Democrats got two elect
ors, Congressman, members of the Su
preme Court and State Printer. The Free
Silver Repub'icans a Congressman, Attor
ney-General and State Superintendent of
Public Instruction.
Fusion accomplished, the Democrats re
assembled and proceeded at once to nomi
nations. James Hamilton Lewis of Seattle
was given the Congressional nomination
by acclamation, and H. N. Caton of Whit
man County and I. N. Maxwell of What
com County were chosen Presidential
electors. Colonel Lewis was his party's
candidate for Governor, and it was be
cause of the fiiiht of his friends for the
Governorship that fusion was so long de
layed. He is a native of Georgia, about 36
years old, and has been a resident of the
State of Washington for ten years. By
profession Colonel Lewis is 3 lawyer, one
of the ablest in the State.
Ih accepting the nomination Lewis said
he indorsed the Chicago platform in its
entirety aDd if elected would do all in his
power to aid in carrying out the reforms
advocated by ''the matchless Bryan."
John B. Reavis of Yakima was nomi
nated over George W. Belt of Spokane for
Superior Judge, the vote on the final bal
lot being 193 to 182.
Gwin HicKs of Thurston County re
ceived the nomination for State Printer,
completing the Democratic portion of the
ticket. The convention adjourned until
10 o'clock to-morrow, in order to agree
with the other parties upon a name for the
official ticket.
The Populists deferred their nomina
tions until morning.
The free-silver Republicans named Hon.
W. C. Jones of Spo&ane, the present
Attorney -General of the State, for Con
gress from the Eastern Washington Dis
trict, his colleague, Lewis, having been
named for the west side, though the State
has not been divided into Congressional
districts.
Colonel Patrick Henry Winston of
SpoKane received the fusion nomination
for Attorney-General at the hands of the
free-silver Republicans.
This faction completed its portion of
the ticket dv the selection of Frank J.
Browne of Seattle, principal of the Colum
bia School, as Superintendent of Pubiic
Instruction.
Before adjournment the Democratic
Convention instructed its secretary to send
this telegram to Candidate Bryan:
Silver forces of Washington united. The
State is yours.
The Democrats to-day adopted a plat
form in part as follows:
We demand the free and unlimited coinage
of silver and gold at the ration oi 16 to 1 with
out, waiting for any other nation on earth.
We denounce the pretenses of the Republicans
that they favor international bimetallism as a
tubterfuge, an attempt to establish a gold aris
tocracy with the aid of those who may be
doped by a meaningless phrase. We denounce
the present Republican administration of our
Stale as outrageous, corrupt, scandal-breeding
and a willful abuse of the people's rights. We
call the attention of the common people to the
perpetuation, in our State of :i gigantic Repub
lican ring which uses public patronage to
control future elections, to perpeiuate itself in
control of the public purse, using the gigantic
earnings of corporations, by methods of Fed
eral receiverships, to dictate the selections of
our representatives in Congress and Senate.
We recognize iv the coining election a crisis
in the affairs of the Government. We are
threatened with the destruction of the prin
ciples ot self-government. National banks,
transportation and manufacturing corpora
tions, gold manipulators of Wall street and
Lombard street, claim the right to govern
for ns.
The Democracy wears no collar, serves no
master. It has on its side the plain people of
the country and the State, and to them we
appeal, with the unquestioning belief that in
this, our trial ftnd tribulation, right will con
quer, wrong will be dethroned, the ever
controlling masses will overthrow the classes,
the people will again assume authority and
prosperity will return.
The Free Silver Republican Convention
adopted a platform in part as follows:
We believe that the widespread prostration
of our industries, the decline in agriculture,
the embarrassment of our commerce and the
ever increasing distress of all our producers,
conditions the existence of which is admitted
by all, are directly traceable to the contraction
or currency resulting from the demonetization
oi silver, and we demand the immediate re
storation of silver by a law requiring its free,
unlimited and independent coinage at the
present legal ratio of Hi to 1 at our imnts.
We call the attention of tbe public to the
fdct that the people of tho United States pro
duce and consume, in all important products
• of industry, more ihan one-half as much as all
the balance of the earth combined; that the
tonnage of our railroads exceeds by (>0,000,000
tons annually the tonnage of all foreign raii
roads, added to the entire water traffic of the
world, and that as a consequence of such enor
mous industrial energy our pjople annually
transact fully one-third of the entire volume
of the world's business; and we therefore de
nounce as cowardly tbe pusillanimous unti un-
American declaration of the National Republi
can plHtform that thiscoun try cannot regulate
its own financial system without foreign aid
or interference, and regard the suggestion of
an international agreement as insincere and
contemptible; and we demand the iv peal of
any and all laws authorizing the destruction
of the legnl-tender quality ol money Dy pri
vate contract.
We demaud the foreclosure of the mortgages
held by the Government on the Union Pacific
Raiiroad, and should the Government through
such foreclosure come into ownership and pos
session of the same we favor its operation by
the Government.
SAN JOSE'S STUDENT ROLL.
Increased Attendance Will Mark the Open
ing of the University of the
Pacific.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 14.— The Univer
sity of the Pacific will open next Tuesday
morning, with a larger registration than
in the last five years. The increased at
tendance is due to the closing of the Napa
College, over forty pupils from that insti.
tution having already applied for admis
sion here.
The opening will be a red-letter day in
the history of this university. Dr. Me-
Clish, the newly elected president, will de
liver the opening address in the forenoon.
In the evening there will be a musical en
tertainment, under the direction of Pro
fessor William Piutti of the conservatory
of music.
During the coming semester President
McCiish will devote most of his time to
field work, and Dean M. S. Cross will be
in charge of the university. Professors
Cartiss and Hunt of Napa Coileee have
been added to the faculty. The former
will teach Latin and Greek and the latter
history and economics. Professor Piutti
will have charge of the conservatory of
music. Professor John Marquardt of San
Francisco will teach the violin and Mrs.
Marquardt the harp. It is also said a
class in medicine and surgery will be
added to the university.
Debating Society Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 14. -The Sodality
Debating Society of Santa Clara College
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing year: President, Key. J. J. Cun
ningham; vice-president, Philip Sheehy;
secretary, Cnarles Graham ; treasurer,
Thomas* Robinson; sergeant -at - arms,
.lose D h Farry; librarian, Matbew Draghic
evich.
Allender Charged With Murder.
SAN JOSE, Cau, Aug. 14.— District At
torney Herrington this morning filed
informations in the Superior Court charg
ing Haryey Allender with murdering
Walley Fielner and Venanz Crosetti. Ai
lender will be arraigned on the two charges
Monday. _^____^__
SEARCH IN FRESNO HILLS
Officers and Loggers Still on the
Trail of Murderer Cass
Colvin.
One Party Intent on a Lynching ani
the Other Striving to Pre
vent It.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 14.— Cass Colvin,
the cutthroat who murdered his brother
in-law, Robert L. Totton, at Sequoia
Mills on Tuesday evening, is still at large.
A telephone message received at 9 o'clock
to-night from the mills stated that, aa far
as known there, no trace of the fugitive
had been found. The fury of the loggers
over the atrocious murder has abated
somewhat, and this morning they went
back to work again, after having kept the
mills closed for two days while they
searched for the murderer with the
avowed intention of lynching him. The
foreman of the logging-camp and the
superintendent of the mills have each de
tailed a number of men to continue the
pursuit. The pacification of the loggers
has not by any means lessened their de
termination to lynch Colvin if they can
get their hands onto him.
Deputy Sheriff Timmins and Constable
Ingels are prosecuting the search on horse
back and are now in Sampson Flat, this
side of the mills. They are confident that
Colvin is making his way to the valley
with the purpose of getting out of the
country by stealing rides on the railroad.
It is hardly probable that he ventured
near the sawmills, which he would have
tc do to strike the road which leads to the
valley. The officers are confident that
Colvin took a round-about trail which
leads through Sampson Flat and the Little
and Big Deer Valleys, and they are follow
ing this course.
The Deputy Sheriff and constable would
not allow any of the loggers to accompany
them. They will try to get the murderer,
if they catch him, out of the mountains
before the loggers can hear of it, and save
him from lynching.
Deputy District Attorney Williams re
turned to-day from the scene of the mur
der, whither he went to gather testimony.
He says that the fury of the loggers over
the murder was awful for two days after
the tragedy. The wife of the murderer
was a raving maniac, and the wife of the
murdered man was almost distracted, and '
this aroused the anger of all the men to a ■
high pitch. They are all the rough men
of logging camps, and their treatment of
Colvin, if they had captured him, would
undoubtedly have bordered on the bar
baric
PRIMERS ELECT OFFICERS.
Oakland Selected as the Next Meeting-
Place of the State Union.
FRESNO, Cal., Aue. 14. -The State
Typographical Union concluded its ses
sion this evening with a banquet at the
Pieasanton Hotel. It was a very pleasant
affair. Assemblyman and Editor N. L. F.
Bachman acted as toast-master.
At the session during the day consider
able business was transacted. The labor
laws proposed by Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald were read and approved, and
the union extended a vote of thanks to the
Commissioner for his efforts in behalf of
labor. A resolution was adopted urging
investigation of the State Printing Office,
which, it was stated, was conducted in a
manner reflecting great discredit to the
craft.
The following officers were elected for
1896: President, A. D.Marshall of Fresno;
vice-president, C. H. Prisk oi Grass Valley ;
secretary and treasurer, A. J. Read of Oak
land; executive committee — E. 1. Wood
man of Sacramento, C. D. Rogers of
Oakland, C. E. Backess of San Francisco;
delegate to International Typographical
Union convention at Colorado Springs, E.
I. Woodman of the Sacramento Bee.
Oakland was selected as the place for
holding the next meeting of the State
union.
DIES AT VIRGINIA CITY.
Robert P. Keating, Mine Superintendent and
Politician, Succumbs to Typhoid
Fever.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev.. Aug. 14.—
Robert P. Keating, superintendent of the
Savage, Justice and other Com stock
mines, who has been a leader of the Demo
cratic party in the State of Nevada for
twenty years and one of the best-known
men on the Pacific Coast, died at 8 o'clock
last night from hemorrhage of the
stomach.
Mr. Keating went to the Chicago
National Convention at the head of the
contesting delegation from Nevada. His
efforts to have that delegation seated, to
gether with the debilitating influence of
the Chicago climate, so taxed his energies
as to bring on a serious attack of typhoid
fever. After leaving the Chicago con
vention he went to Niagara, ana then to
New York, where he remained for a few
days and then started on his return home.
He was greatly fatigued, and seemed to be
suffering from a nervous collapse after the
excitement of his convention work. When
he reached home two weeks ago he was
very ill, and failed steadily until last
night, when a hemorrhage, superinduced
by a severe attack of vomiting, killed him.
The body is to betaken to San Fran
cisco, and will be accompanied by a num
ber of Nevada citizens, friends of the
Keating iamily. The cortege will start
from the residence of Mrs. M. O. O'Sulli
van, corner of Bush and Leavenworth
streets, and will proceed to St. Ignetius
Church, where the funeral sermon will be
preached at 10:30 o'clock Sunday morning.
THE SAN JfKAJN<JJL»«JL> UALL, SATUKUAI, AIWU»T 15, ISIMS.
McKINLAY TALKS
TO NAPA VOTERS
Logical Discussion of the
Issues Now Before the
People.
FREE COINAGE FAVORED
By International Agreement Can
Silver Become a Stable
Standard.
CAUSE CF THE "HARD TIMES."
Prosperity Will Return When the
Factories of the Land Are
Reopened.
NAPA, Cal., Aug. 14.— There was mu
sic, red fire and a stir on the streets of
Napa last night, The occasion was the
opening of the political campaign here by
the Republicans. A meeting was held in
the handsomely decorated Maple Hall
Rink. It was presided over by T. B.
Hutchinson, president of the McKinley
and Hobart Club of this city, and on the
platform fifty or more vice-presidents,
with members of the band and the Repub
lican glee club, were seated. Every seat
in the large hall was occupied and the
standing room was taken. After a couple
of songs by the glee club Mr. Hutchinson
in a three-minute speech introduced D. E.
McKinlay of Santa Rosa.
Mr. McKinlay opened with a plain state
ment of the political situation and an as-
J surance that no attempt would be made
to gain votes by belittling or abusing the
opposition. Two great economic propo
sitions confronted the people, he said.
One related to tbe tariff and the other to
finance. The financial question was first
taken up and it was treated in a manner
calculated to enlighten any mind inter
ested in the subject. The history of gold
and silver and their service as money to
the. different countries of the world was
traced from the year 1800 down to the
present time, and the fact was made plain
that the commercial value of the metal
bad ail to do with a proper fixing of the
ratio; that legislation could raise the
price but not increase the value.
The greenback was cited, and the time
recalled when $1 in gold would bring $2 85
of such money. The further fact was
shown that under the operation of what
was called the Gresham law the cheaper
would always drive the dearer money out
of the country. The speaker maintained
that the same force employed to demon
etize silver would have to be applied to ra
monetize it — to raise it from 68 cents an
ounce (the present price) to $129, the
price paid under a 16 to 1 ratio.
Mr. McKinlay recited the history of de
monetization of silver in France, Germany
and the Latin Union countries, and re
, viewed the conditions that led to such a
revision of monetary systems. He, of
course, referred to "the crime of 73," and
showed that money legislation of that
I period was not the consummation of a
i great and wicked conspiracy; that silver
; was not stricken down in the night, but
i that the bill which left the silver dollar
j out in enumerating the coins to be minted
was under consideration three years; that
it was the subject of a great number of
speeches, and its discussion covered hun
dreds of pages of the Congressional Record.
He explained the term 16 to 1, and said
that to return to the bimetallism of 1873
tbe Nation must return to the conditions '
that prevailed previous to 1873, when
silver was worth 129 cents an ounce. The
j dollars of Mexico and the United States
were contrasted, and the difference in
their purchasing power explained in the
fact that gold stood behind tho American
dollar and made it worth double that of a
Mexican dollar, notwithstanding its
lighter weight in actual silver.
The speaker said he was a free-silver
man, but wanted free silver on a perma
nent and enduring basis, and that was by j
international agreement. He spoke of
the growing bimetallic sentiment in the
Parliament of Great Britain and the j
favorable prospect of reaching bimetal
lism under an administration as friendly
to silver as was the Republican party.
The tariff question was ably discussed
and the truth made plain that this issue,
which the Democracy is so anxious to
evade, is really the most important one
before the American people to-day. By
and through protection, he deolared, pros
perity would again come to this country,
and the wheels which had been standing
still and the machinery which had been
rusting tbe past three years would move
again to the touch of contented and well
paid labor.
A grand tribute was paid to the party's
standard-bearer, William McKinley of
Ohio, and favorable mention was made of i
Congressman Barham's candidacy. Both
names were heartily applauded.
The "man on the fence" was talked to
like a brother.and when Mr. McKinley took
his seat it was found that he had talked i
for two hours and held his audience to a
man through alt that time. The speech
was often interrupted by applause.
At the close of the meeting a large num
ber of names were added to the McKinley
and Hobart Club roll, and McKinley but
tons by the score were pinned to the coats
of voters whose hearts beat in unison with
the shout for "Protection, prosperity and
just as good money for the poor as for tne
rich."
POPULISTS AT SAN LUIS.
Dillon and Bowman Lead in the Race
for thn Congressional domination.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Ang. 14.—
Populists of the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict have gathered in San Luis Obispo to
nominate a candidate for Congress. Los
Angeles is supplying the largest crop of
aspirants for the honor. Its candidates
are: W. C. Bowman, the candidate of two
years ago; H. C. Dillon and Judge A. J.
Utley. Dillon and Bowman are in the
lead.
Utley is nn old man, much esteemed for
his work in the cause of Populism in Los
Angeles County. He favors Dillon, but in
the event that Bowman develops more
strength he has a little bee in his bonet
which will be allowed to buzz the query,
"How would I do for a compromise candi
date?" Utley is making war on Bowman,
whose nomination, he believes, would be
a grave mistake. Hon. Thomas V. Cator
addressed the delegates to-night. He pre
dicted that if McKinley was elected war
would follow before another Presidential
election.
LOS ANGELES RALLY.
Music Ball Crowded With Enthusiastic
McKinley Supporter*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 14.— The
formal opening of the Republican cam
paign in the Sixth Congressional District
was made this evening under the auspices
of the McKinley Club, an organization
formed several months ago. President
Flint in opening the meeting said that at
the organization of the club be had pre
dicted the nomination of McKinley on the
first ballot at St. Louis. That prediction
had been fulfilled, and he now predicted
his triumphant election in November, a
sentiment which was cheered to the echo.
The great Music Hall was packed to the
doors long before the speaking began,
many ladies being present. Large litho
graphs of Washington and Lincoln flanked
the platform, wUile a splendid portiait of
the champion of protection seemed to
smile down upon the assemblage from
above and back of the large number
of vice-presidents who had seats upon the
stage.
Many leading Democrats were in the
audience. Cheer after cheer -was given
the white-haired veterans of the civil war
as they v/alked to the platiorm.
Colonel R. B. Treat was the chairman of
the evening, and Congressman McLach
lan, recently nominated to succeed him
self, was the principal speaker. The ap
plause was tremendous when the orator
arose to speak. In a distinct and delib
erate manner he placed himself squarely
upon the St. Louis platform, for protec
tion and sound money, amid the wildest
enthusiasm. Mr. McLachlan was fol
lowed by District Attorney Donneil and
others.
It was a great demonstration, and gave
the most gratifying encouragement to ihe
people present.
Southern California Headquarters.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 14.— The
auxiliary committee of the Republican
State Executive Committee for Southern
California was organized yesterday, with
H. Z. Osborne of the Evening Express as
chairman and W. F. X. Parker secretary.
The committee's headquarters are at the
Westminster Hoiel. Adjoining the auxil
iary committee's rooms are those of the
Sixth District Congressional Committee,
and a few doors away the roonrs of the Re
publican County Committee, so the several
bodies are located conveniently to each
other.
Santa Clara Registration.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 14.— The total
registration of voters in Santa Clara
County foots up 13,658. The great register
of 1804 contained 14,078 name', 420 more
than this year s. No registration was re
quired in i 894 and there were a large num
ber of deceased voters an>l non-residents
on the register. The total vote of the
whole county two years ago was a little
over 12,000 and it is believed that this year
the vote will reach 13,000. The registra
tion of the principal cities and towns of
the county is as follows: San Jose 5184,
Gilroy 451, Santa Clara 541, Mountain
View 551, Los Gatos 363, Mayfield 383.
San Jose Flambeau Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 14.— A McKinley
Flambeau club was organized last evening
at the meeting of the Republican League.
It starts with a membership of about
forty. Thomas F. Morrison was elected
captain of the club. The organization
will be uniformed and thoroughly drilled,
Morgan Hill Sllverites Organize.
badi ju&ni, ual., Aug. 14— a. .Bryan
Union club was organized at Morgan Hill
last night. The club starts with a good
membership. M. E. Payne was elected
temporary president and T. O. Reed tem
porary secretary.
PORTLAND WOMAN SOLD
Disposed Of by Her Husband to
a Neighbor for Cash and
Chattels.
She Objects to the Transfer and Fees
From the Home of Her
~— - Purchaser.
PORTLAND, Ob., Aug. 14.— Franz
Proetzlich and Hermann Spannacher, the
heads of two Bohemian families which
recently located in Sullivans Gulch, are
at loggerheads because of the out
come of a peculiar commercial
transaction. These people came from
Seattle three months ago and engaged in
peddling. Both couples were childless,
| and about six weeks ago Mrs. Spannacher
packed up her small belongings one night
and fled with a countryman of hen,
several years her junior, whom she bad
I known on the sound.
Spannacher made no ado over his wife's
desertion, and it subsequently became
Known that for a long time his affections
had been centered upon Mrs. Proetzlich.
Less than three weeks ago the two ped
dlers entered into a strange commercial
i transaction. Spannacher made Proetzlich
| an offer of $150 and all his stock in trade
| for the latter's wife. This, after a few
j hours' deliberation, was accepted. The
papers were made out. Mrs. Proetzlich,
without a murmur, passed from the cus
tody of her lawful husband to that of tho
other man.
This state of affairs glided along smooth
i ly until last Wednesday, when she refused
I to live longer with her new "owner" and
| returned to her husband. Spannacher's
I pleadings with the woman having no ef
fect upon her, he came to the West Side
this morning to cause the arrest of Proetz
lich for obtaining money and goods from
him under false pretenses. Spannacher
claims that his human chattel professed
to have great affection for him, which he
| had no reason to doubt until the woman
| deserted him. He further alleges that he
is the victim of a conspiracy b 'tween both
Proetzlich and his wife to defraud him.
Spannacher, though, was advised to
pocket his loss without making a fuss
I about it, else he might get himself into
more serious trouble. The dupe took tha
hint and there at present rests the story of
his second love.
CASCADE'S BLOOMER DANCE.
Fin «te Siecle Junction at the Crett of
the Sierra.
SUMMIT, Cal., Aug. 14.— Cascade is a
village little known to the outside world,
it being an obscure telegraph station in
the high Sierra, midway between Summit
and Cisco, but this small station enjoys
the distinction of being the first place in
the hign Sierra to introduce the bloomer
dance.
A large gathering of pleasure-seekers
camped thereabouts gave a hop in the
reception-room of the telegraph office
last evening, and, with the exception of a
few elderly ones, all the ledies present
were attired in bloomers. The room was
beautifully decorated with ferns and
mountain lilies. These, with the glare of
a dozen or more Japanese lanterns, con
trasted strangely with the outside environ
ments. Among those present were: Mtb.
Len Dorsey, Misses Frances Dorsey, Alice
Hassell, May Griswold, Genevieve 1 homas.
Mrs. Josie Curry, Miss Lotta Pulse of
Sacrameneo, Mrs. T. G. Akers of Truckee,
Len Dorsey Jr., A. B. Mcßae, P. J. Young,
J. J. Flaherty, J. B. Green, C. T. Zlntz of
Sacramento, M. Albert Dooleyof Somnait.
Garratt at Enseneda.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Ang. 14.— The junk
Pekin, which was chartered by James Gar
ratt, the gold-bar thief, to take him to
Enseneda, was seen off this port yester
day and again to-day, but is apparently
waiting to speak an out-bound vessel and
learn the fate of Garratt before passing in.
Garratt was released from Ensenada jail,
as a result of his confession, and is walk
ing to this city. He should arrive beiore
morning. The officials at Ensenada are
keeping a sharp lookout for the Pekin,
supposed to have a contraband cargo
aboard.
Editor Barry's challenge to n lying Senator
in to-rtav'» Star. •
CHEERED WILDLY
FOR McKINLEY.
The Veteran Soldiers' and
Sailors' Republican
Club.
STIRRING ADDRESSES.
Comrades Will Do Missionary
Work Among the Labor
ing Men.
TO SPREAD POLITICAL LIGHT
A Great Meeting Under the Auspices
of a Splenaid Organiza
tion.
One of tbe best meetings of the cam
paign was held last night by the McKin
ley Veteran Soldiers' and Sailors' Repub
lican Club at 113 Turk street. It was ad
dressed by Major C. W. Kyle and H. C.
Firebaugh.
This organization is composed of ex-
Union and Mexican veterans. It was cre
ated in June, 1892, for a twofold purpose.
First, to further the election of Benjamin
Harrison, and second, to work for the
purification of municipal politics.
For four years the organization has kept
its headquarters open daily, and visiting
comrades from all parts of. the country
have received a cordial welcome. Its cor
respondence extends to evefy kindred
organization in the State, and its influ
ence has been felt in more than one cam
paign.
While the club is strictly a veteran
organization, it has an honorary roll, and
on the list will be found many citizens
prominent in the Republican party.
Tnrough the influence of this club many
worthy veterans have secured positions of
trust in civil and public offices, and the
club can well feel proud that it has in no
instance secured a position for one of
members that he was not competent to fill,
and that none have proved false to the
trust confided in them.
The present officers are Fergus Hacson,
president; Frank W. Whiteside, vice
president; W. B. Maydwell, second vice
president; E. P. Morey, secretary, and L.
D. Olin, treasurer.
The enrollment of the club is now 300.
Judging from the activity manifested and
the enthusiasm displayed last night the
number will be. largely augmented during
the next month.
After the meeting last night there was a
general reunion of comrades. Refresh
ments were served, acquaintances re
newed, the merits of public speakers dis
cussed and many topics of interest dwelt
upon.
Major Kyle's address was highly re
garded. These veterans are men of sound
judgment, gained by long experience, j
They appreciate the danger that men, j
without reflection, may be misled by false
promises of prosperity under the rule of
free silver, a 9 they once were by promises
of great prosperity under free trade.
It was resolved to hold meetings every
Friday night and comrades agreed to <»o
missionary work among the laboring men
on other nights.
In the course of his address to the j
veterans last night Major Kyle said :
The Republican party stands to-day, as it i
has ever stood, for the honor and integrity of
the Nation. It stands as the friend and cham
pion of American labor. It recognizes the
great fundamental truth of nature, the great
truth which underlies all civilization, which
is that labor is the primal and only source of
wealth. It demands that the labor of this
country shall be paid in a dollar that is worth
100 cents in any part of the world. Ii believes
and affirms that there should not be one kind
of dollar for the rich and a cheaper one for the
poor. It does not be. ieve in making the rich
richer and the poor poorer.
It believes that the greatest boon that can be
conferred upon the American workman is to
open the mills, light the fires, start the looms
and enhance the value of the cereals of our
land by pressrvinc the American markets for
the products of American labor.
It believes in shutting out the influx of i
cheap foreign goods, produced by the under
paid labor of foreign countries.
It believes in America producing, in so far
as it is possible, all that Americans consume.
Jt dots not believe that the creation ot a me
dium of exchange of doubtful and uncertain
value can ever benefit the labor of this coun
try, but that such a course will prove a curse
to the labor of America.
It believes that the only way by which tha
mechanic and farmer, the manufacturer and
merchant of America can be benefited and our
now paralyzed industries revived is by the en
forcement of the great doctrine of protection
to American industries, as represented by that
wise, able, prudent soldier-statesman, William
McKinley.
H. C. Firebaugh's address won tbe earn
est attention of the audience. He spoke
of the value of maintaining sound money
and the interests in the struggle which
9,000,000 of depositors in the savings banks
of the United States must feel.
The assembled veterans extended a vote
of thanks to Mr. Firebaugh for his able
address.
BLAINE REPUBLICANS.
An Enthusiastic Meeting: Held Las>t
Night at K. R. B. Hall on
Mason Street.
From the enthusiastic manner in which
the members of the Blame Republican
Club conducted their meeting last night
at K. R. B. Hall, on Mason street, an ob
server would imagine that the municipal
nominations had already been made and
that active preparations were being; made
by the officers of the club to rally to the
polls and there cast their votes for the
entire Republican ticket.
Messrs. Davie. Sullivan, Sweeney, Grad y
and other able speakers entertained the
club with eloquent speeches on the issues
of the campaign, announcing the false is
sues of the Democratic party.
Between the speeches patriotic songs
were sung by Dwight Foster and H. L.
Mcßede. all of which w«s much enjoyed.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That this club recognizes in the
person of J. D. Spreckels a man eminently fit
to lead the Republican party to victory.
ALGER CAMP INDORSES.
It Declares for Some of the Promi
nent Candidates So Far
Mentioned.
Alger Camp No. 4, Army and Navy Re
publifia.i League, met on Thursday even
ing and partially completed the election
of officers of the camp, as follows:
Lieutenant-colonel, Charles Ellis: major,
Charles Cressy ; Quartermaster, John Den
ning; officer of the day, John Tuttle; offi
cer of the guard, Henry Krill. The selec
tion of the remaining officers was post
poned until the next regular meeting of
the camp, on Thursday "nieht, August 27.
Lieutenant-Colonel Ellis "made a few re
marks extending his thanks for the honor
conferred upon him in his election, and
then branched out vi a speech favoring
the candidates of the Republican party
for President and Vic-President and re
ferring more particularly to the necessity
of electing to Congress men in sympattiy
with the policy of William McKinley and
calling upon all the members of the camp
to vote and labor for the success of Eugene
F. Loud. His remarks were received with
applause.
The action of the other camps in rec
ommending the candidacy of the colonel
of Alger Camp, Leon E. Jones, for Sheriff
of the City and County of San Francisco,
was unanimously indorsed and Colonel
Jones acknowledged the camp's action in
a short speech. The camp also recom
mended the candidacy of Dr. J. H. Sophen
a member of Aiger Camp, for the position
of Coroner.
A. H. Adamas, lately from Washington,
now a resident of San Francisco and a
member of th-* camp, made a ahort Re
publican speech, setting forth the duty of
the soldiers who saved the Union in the
great war to again put forth their best ef
forts to preserve ita life and prosperity by
voting for the Republican candidates.
The meeting was a large one, and those
present were all enthusiastic in their de
termination to vote and worK for, and in
their belief in the triumphal victory of
Republican candidates and measures in
November next.
IN THE THIRTY-THIRD.
The Spreckels Republican Club
Mot and Adopted Stirring
Resolutions.
A special meeting was held last evening
by the Spreckels Republican Club at the
rooms of the Mission Athletic Club in the
Thirty-third District, San Bruno road,
I. Kiddney presiding.
The following resolutions were adopted :
Whereas, The Republican party of San Fran
cisco has seen fit to place J. D. Spreckels at the
head of their party, a tried and true Republi
can, and who has the confidence of the people
and the interest of the Republican party at
heart; therefore be it
Resolved, That this organization ismores all
other leaders, and pledges its members to do
all in their power for the Hon. J. D. Spreckels,
the local leader of the great Republican party.
Seventy-eight members answered the
rollcall. Several prominent members of
the organization expressed their views on
leading political questions of the day.
Thirteen new members signed the roll. A
vote of thanks was tendered to Tom
Barry for the use of his clubrooms and his
able manner in aiding the organization.
A vote of thanks was tendered the cnair
for the able manner in conducting the
business of the organization.
CHRISTIAN CONVENTION.
Annual Meeting of the Young
Men's Association of
the World.
The "Paris Basis" of Membership
Known as the Portland Test |
Is Adopted.
GENEVA, Switzebland, Aug. 14.— An
important meeting of the international
committee of the Y. M. C. A. of the world
closed its sessions in Geneva last night.
This committee is appointed by the
world's convention, which represents all
the associations, now numbering 5700,
with a total membership of 500,000, of
which 1400 associations, with 265,000 mem
bers, are in America. Encouraging re
ports of the work in various countries were
presented, showing marked progress since
the jubilee convention in London in 1894.
A number of important questions relat
ing to the growth and improvement of the
work, more particularly in Continental
countries, were carefully consider d.
Among the resolutions passed was one
adopting the "Paris basis" of membership,
which was adopted by a convention held
in Paris in 1885, and which is known to
association men in America as the Port- j
land test of active membership. The Paris ]
basis is recognized by all the associations
affiliated in the world's alliance, but is
practically disregarded in some Conti
nental countries, whare nominal member
ship in the state church is substituted for
it. It was voted to hold tbe next world's
conference in Basle, Switzerland, in Au
gust, 1897, after which the meeting ad
journed sine die.
INTO AN OPEN SWITER.
Several Lives Lost in a Passenger Train
Crash in Virainia.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 15.— The
F. F. V. train, limited, on the Chesapeake
and Ohio Railroad, which left Washington
at 11:37 p. m., ran into an open switch at
Ravensworth, Va., about 12:15 this (Satur
day) morning, arid four of tte six passen
ger coaches were badly wrecKed.
Several live 3 are reported lost and pas
sengers injured. There is no telegraph
station at Ravensworth and details of the
disaster are not obtainable. A wrecking
train with six physicians on board has
gone to the scene of the wreck.
BRITISH COL UMBIA FIRES.
Homes of Settlers Destroyed by Forest
Conflagrations.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 14.— Bush
fires are raging on the mainland of British
Columbia. The famine districts of Burn
aby will, it is feared, be swept by tbe seas
of fire. Last night in spite of the tireless
exertions of special firemen several set
tlers were forced to leave their homes and
witness their houses and sheds destroyed
by flames.
The northern part of Westminster City
is still threatened, and a fire force has had
little rest in ten days, wonting in shifts to
keep the flames in check. Vancouver is
saved by its circle of water, but the woods
all around the city are in flames, and
smoke and ashes from the fires are falling
within the city Jimits. The smoke is so
thick at night that navigation is both diffi
cult and dangerous. There has been no
heavy rain tor months, and the wind is
constantly blowing in the wrong direc
tion.
Death of a Prominent Texas Jurist.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 14.— Hon. A. S.
Walker, at one time a member of the
State Supreme Court and for years law
partner of Hon. A. W. Terrell, Minister to
Turkey, died to-day.
HEW TO-DAT.
BiCYGLES!
Big Reduction in
Second-hand
Bicycles.
We are going to close out out
stock of these machines in the
next thirty days. Call and
examine them or write for
price-list.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA BICYCLERY,
1970 Pasre St.. Near Stanyan.
Is the light that will brine a great bf«
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharce in twenty days. Cures LOST
• MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
I ing sensations, nervous twitch ings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imnotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to gen-
Ous private disorders, curries myriads of sore*
producing germs. Tlien comeaore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
falling nalr. You can save ft trip to Hoc Hprln»i
by using the-great 30-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sta.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
'"at auction
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY AUGUST 18. 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Golden Gate Park Property.
E. line (Nos. 616 and 616 a) of Lott St., 100 feet
S. of Fulton; improvements consist of two French
flats (bay-windowed) of 6 and 5 rooms and bath-
full rents $46; cable and electric roads: two blocks
to Golden Gate Park: lot 23x 106:8 feet; also ad-
joining lot on Lott St., 25x106:3 feet.
Business Location.
ITW. line of Brannan st.. 122 feet SW. of Second-
improvements consist or house of 10 rooms and
bath; this location is wanted for industrial ana
mechanical purposes, and must enhance in value
rapidly within a yearor two: street in basalt rock-
sidewalk cement stone; 5-':6.x107:6 and 80 feet.
Pacific Heights Residence tot
B. line of Green at., 83 feet K. of Scott: this ele-
gant residence lot is worthy the attention of any
gentleman desiring to build a home for his family.
The surroundings are exceedingly pleasant; beau-
tiful architectural residences abound in this loca-
tion; grand marine view; cable and electric roads;
examine .his; must be sold; lot 27x127:6 to
passage-way.
Tenement Building, Fifteenth Street,
. .'. ■ near Xoe.
N. line (No. 2176) of 15th St.. 105 feet E. of Noe:
a two-story bay-windowed building of 2 tenements;
6 rooms and laundry downstairs, 5 rooms and bath
upstairs; Castro, Hainht and Fillmorelst. cars-
only a half block from Maritet st. : street and side-
walk in bituminous rock; lot 23x11-1.
Mission— Corner Lot. '
SE. corner of Church and 21st sts. (N. 3587);
cottage of 5 rooms; streets in good condition ; ex-
amine this; must be sold; (rood car accommoda-
tion; large, elegant lot, 52x125.
Castro Heights Residence Lots.
N. side of Elizabeth st., 105 feet E. of Castro; 3
handsome residence lots; command a fine view;
good location; street macadamized and sewered:
Castro-st. cable and 24th-st. electric; lots 26x114.
Tenement Property.
NE. line (NO3. 357 and 359) of T)ore St., 315 feet
SK. of Bryant (bet. 9th and 10th): 3-story build-
ing- containing 6 tenements; central location; al-
ways rented; street in Hue condition; electric-can
on Bryant St.; lot 25x80. v«ww»«
OaUlde. Land Block 1093.
S. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R st., 30th
and 31st ayes., comprising 42 city lots.
Castro Height* Residence Corner.
W. cor. of Ocean road and Silver alley, run-
ning through to Falcon road; Is on the extension
of 23d st. and but 2 blocks W. of Doug-
lass and l:4th-st. electric road; large corner lot;
50.x 111. -
Alabama and Twentieth Streets Lots.
W. line of Alabama st.. 182:1 S. of 20th: also
lot 208:1 S. of 20th: 2 large building lots: street
sewered ana macadamized; electric roads; lota
25:11x100. ;
Park-Lane Tract, Map No. 5.
4 building lots on lower terrace; these lots are a
short distance V. of 17th st. and a short distance
W. of Castro and 17th Rts. : cable and electric
roads; lots 25x124 and 25x74. ?»W
EASTON, ELDRIDGE St CO.,
638 Market St., Auctioneers.
HOGS and HENS.
I WOULD LIKE TO BUY A HALF II?. ,
■*- ' terest in a small HOG RANCH near railroad.
Only persons who can give good references as to
character need reply, j
Address, with full particulars, LARKSPUR, box
74, Call Office, San Francisco. . . ■ 
POhlekeater'* English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K"~v Original and Only C*nalnc . A
J" At fTv\)V •*"• «1 W »J» relUbU. ladies uk jff\
A^ILVSaM Draffi* (or CkichtiUr, English Dia£^\
ffl'Sf&jfmfaumd Brand Id Ked »n.l O«ld meullio\Utf
*fcv _^««nboin. s»l«l with blo« ribbon. Take \SP
iW #s» V&jno other. R*fu*» dangtroit, tubitit't- V
I / *" flftioiu and imitations, MDracsUtt/erMn44«.
I *» wf ib •tantpt for particular!, tutitacnUU and
IV 0 " Relief far I.odie*," in lute, by rrturm
-\__2_ If MalL 10,000 TVulmoni.l.. Kamm Paptr.
. ,r77 l^7,Chlohe»terCfcen»lcalCo^lUidJ«on f><iaav«,
l<*lto«lIL««l Drutgitu. . - . :«hJlA4l^-. P«,
hjTyrvn||^ore Tnroat, rirnples, Copper-SS
HllAlC IUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores
HKUlccrs in Month, Hair-1'olllng! Write (OOKII
MEEMEBY CO., SO7 Masonic Temple Jw
f^JChlcanro, 111., lor proofs of cures. Cupl-jjl
Hnul, 5500.000. Worst cases cared in IGH
HBto 3& day. 100-page book, free. gfl
NEW; WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARSY AND WASHINGTON — Rm.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & oa
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day Ml
to $8 per week, $8 to 830 per month: free baths-
hot and cold water every room; tiro srat&i ii
every room; elevator runs ail night. 7 —
a^DEWEY&CO/ffV
patents! 3
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLKa H. PHILLIP3, ATTORNEY-AT-
vl»w*nd Notary Public, 638 Market .t, oppa-BUCKLEY'S PLAY
FOR A LEGISLATURE
A Bright Scheme for Local
Fusion With the Sil
ver Party.
PARTY WAR DEVELOPS.
The Buckleyites Making Aggres
sive Preparations for Courts
and Conventions.
NO PRIMARY FOR THE JUNTA.
McNab, Popper and Sullivan Plan to
Name a Decent Local Conven
tion Themselves.
The outright clash of arms between the
local Democratic factions is about to be
heard amid the trumpeting of bosses and
.the noise of war.
The Buckleyites are going aggressively
ahead in their preparations for a munici
pal convention, while strengtheninc their
position under the masterly advice of
Chris Buckley. The Junta is about to
spring a scheme for an appointed munici
pal convention, and all the tangible pros
pects of party harmony that have been
appearing from time to time seem to have
faded.
The factions will have a battle in the
courts as to which has the right to put its
municipal and legislative tickets on the
official ballot under the heading "Demo
cratic,'' and the Buckleyites are hastening
that issue as fast as possible. The faction
that is defeated will simply have to quit,
but there will be plenty of fun before the
Supreme Court hands down a decision sev
eral -weeks hence.
There is the interesting certainty that
whichever ticket wins legal indorsement
will be extensively knifed by the defeated
faction at the polls.
The Buckleyites are just now endeavor
ing to make an interesting and masterly
move by makiug a coalition with the sil
verites — the American Bimetallic party —
of which George W. Baker, the chairman
of the State Central Committee, is the
leader and the boss.
The plan is now in a promising process
of evolution, and according to reports Mr.
Baker has discussed the operation with
Buckley himself, as well as with leaders of
the Buckley faction and with members of
his own State committee wnose sympa
thies are with the Buckleyites in the local
tangle.
While the Buckleyites have always been
able to display several times the numeri
cal strength whicli the Junta could muster
they wit.h to lose no chance of adding to
their prestige and political momentum by
getting a big array of voters and influence
behind them to back their claim that they
are the real representatives of the party in
spite of the fact that they were turned
down by a prejudiced State Central Com
mittee and a prejudiced State -Convention.
It is worth everything to them to be abie
to mean a whole lot of votes irrespective
of their claims to be the Democratic party
of this City, which must be recognized
under the provisions of the Australian
ballot law.
So the plan of getting the American Bi
metaliic party in behind th«?m has been
evolved. The plan of organizing general
camnaign clubs in the ostensible interest
of the National ticket was elaborated by
able and experienced heads and it was
adopted and promptly set. in motion at
the meeting of the general committee last
Monday night.
The plan called for the organization of
a club in every precinct, but the indica
tions are that the clubs will number from
one to four in the various Assembly dis
tricts. Some have already been organized
and a number will be organized to-morrow
nignt.
These clubs are to be organized as
"silver" clubs rather than as distinctively
Democratic clubs, and are to be combined
into an "association of silver ciubs."
The rolls of these clubs are to be open to
every friend of silver, whether Democrat,
Republican or Populist. These clubs are
supposed to be wholly independent of the
Buckley general committee and its juris
diction, but they are, however, to be so
controlled and manipulated that they will
be used in backing the Buckley ites and
the programme in their municipal con
vention.
Now the pre=ent plan is that the Silver
party shall adopt these clubs as its local
clubs and stand in with the Buckleyites
in municipal and especially in legislative
politics. The Silver party has yet no or
ganization beyond the State Central Com
mittee appointed night before last, but
Mr. Baker announces that the party will
organize a vigorous independent cam
paign in behalf of Bryan and Sewall and
the <ilver cause generally, and that it will
extend to the legislative campaign.
The committee on local fusion in all
possible directions, appointed by the
Bucklevites, of which Railroad Commis
sioner Stan ton is chairman, has the pro
gressing deal in hana, and Messrs. Buckley
and Baker, are by many y,ohticians whb
are on the inside of thintrs, expected to
take a lively interest with their joint
forces in local Democratic politics and
especially in the election of members of
the Legislature. All of this is avart from
thf possible combination of Democrats
and silverites in the State campaign.
The Junta has just taken some half
hearted steps to organize district Demo
cratic clubs. The}' will be called Bryan
and Sewall clubs, will be rivals to the sil
ver clubs of the Buckleyites and will be
wholly under the jurisdiction of the Junta
campaign committee.
These two club organization schemes
are about the full measure of what is being
done in San Francisco in the line of party
club organization. They present a strik
, ing contrast to the host of large and en
thusiastic Republican ciubs, which are
rapidly increasing.
The Buckleyites have decided to again
change the date of their municipal con
vention to an earlier one, and will hold it
on or about the first day of September.
This is done as £ war measure, so that
their municipal ticket may be nominated
in time to get a test case decided by the
Supreme Court.
"We are going right ahead to nominate
our ticket," said Joseph Rothschild, chair
man of the Buckley general committee
yesterday, "and we will hold our munici
pal convention at an earlier date than was
planned, so that our case may be taken to
the Supreme Court in time.
"Several able lawyers have carefully ex
amined the merits of our case and their
opinion is that the Supreme Court cannot
do otherwise than give us the party desig
nation. Our proceeding will be to apply
directly to tiie Supreme Court for a writ
of mandamus, directing the Registrar to
place our municipal ticket on the official
bahot un.ler- the party name. We are
backed up by a decision of the New York
Court of Appeals in an almost exactly
similar caße."
While the Buckleyites have fully elab
orated their plans for the campaign and
for a municipal convention but a little
more than two weeks hence the Junta
doesn't know what it is going to do about
a convention except that one will be ap
pointed somehow.
Gavin McNab, Chairman Sullivan, Max
Popper and the one or two others who
manage to keep the upper hand on tde
main decs, don't propose to risk anything
at a primary election, and their only hope
of controlling the convention is in appoint
j ing it themselves. There are not many
I people who doubt that Sam Rainey and
i Ed Lanigan will control the convention,
so far as nominations for Supervisors and
patronage offices go, at least, but McNab
and Popper have an idea that they will be
able to keep the majority out of 'Rainey's
hands.
The scheme of appointing the conven
tion is an especially "raw" one nnder the
present circumstances, but it is justified
Dy the plea that it wouldn't be safe to
trust the Democratic voters to name the
convention, and that a body of wisely
selected men would name a much better*
ticket. The history of even municipal
Democracy does not present anywhere as
violent a departure from time-honored
party principles and methods.
There was a primary in 1892 at which a
general committee was elected. In 1894
I Chairman Mas Popper was afraid of a
I primary, and the general committee ap
| pointed the municipal convention of that
! year. At this convention Chairman
j Eugene Deuprey appointed the "Deuprey
committee," and arbitrarily assigned it
powers not provided by the convention.
It was forgotten for a year and a half and
then resuscitated. The Watkins com
mittee, named by McNab and one or two
others, was appointed to act with it, and
j the two committees appointed a new
I general committee at the time of
j the rupture of the old organiza
-1 tion. A second general committee sleeted
at a farcical primary, but wholly named
by McNab and Sullivan, was chosen and
now exists.
It has a campaign committee of abso
lute powers appointed by Chairman Sulli
van on the advice of three or four on the
"inside" of things. Now a second ap
pointed convention, with a long ancestry
of appointed Dowers, is to be named. It
is expected to nominate James D. Phelan
for Mayor, while the Buckleyites will
name Dr. James 1. Stanton.
"We have not yet determined any
method which shall govern the selection
or the time of the municipal convention,"
was as far as Chairman Sullivan would go
yesterday in discussing the future.
Max Popper was more frauk in describ-
I
I ing the situation and prospects of the
I Junta municipal convention.
"I don't consider it the Junta faction' —
it is the regularly organized and the
recognized Democratic party of San Fran
cisco," he said.
"Under the form of organization the
campaign committee of twenty have
under the constitution full power to deter
mine the plan, with full power to act, as
to how delegates to the municipal conven
tion shall be appointed, selected or
elected, and the number of delegates
which shall compose the convention.
They are empowered also to fix me time
and place of the convention.
'•What tho campaign committee will do
about the coruiiig|muiucipal convention I
do not know. There is a difference of
opinion among those that I have met.
| One proposition is that the general com
mittee shall transform itself into a muni
cipal convention. Another one is that the
campaign committee shall add by appoint
ment to such a convention from 100 to 200
member? at large. A third idea is that
the campaign committee shall appoint a
convention of about 300. Still another is
to hold primaries and elect delegates from
the distiiets and some at large.
"I personally favor the plan of appoint
in X a smaller convention of about 300 of
the beat and most representative Demo
crats that can be selected. I favor that
plan because I think the convention
would be most free from the influence and
control of Sam Rainey. If a ticket were
nominated under the influences of Rainey
it could not be elected, in my opinion.
"As to Buckley, he cuts no figure in
this calculation. I don't think Mr. Buck
ley will be able to do anything more than
to nominate an independent ticket, the
candidates of which must go on the ballot
as independents.
"As to the idea of holding a primary, I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1596.
am opposed to it because it is impossible
to hold a primary at which the voters may
obtain a fair and honest result. When
ever the Legislature passes a bill legaliz
ing a postal primary or some other which
guarantees security I shall be in favor of
primary elections."
All around the local Democratic tangle
becomes daily more complicated and un
certain, with the prospect that the decent
Democrats at large will repudiate any
ticket or tickets which grow out of it.
DEMOCRATIC SILVER CLUBS
Some of Those Already Organ
ized by the Buckley
ites.
The National Silver Club of the Forty
fourth District was organized at 115 Bay
street with seventy-three members and
the following officers: President, Henry
Wilson; vice-presidents, John Dnnn and
George Quinn; secretary, Edward Cos
grave; treasurer, Hugh McKivett.
The Forty-third District ±fryan and
Sewall Silver Club was organized at 620
Busb street the night before last, as fol
lows: President, A. M. Armstrong; secre
tary, Robert C. fccott; vice-presidents, J.
M. Crane and Joseph Mansiield; treasurer,
Samuel Newman.
The Fortieth Assembly District Bryan
and Sewall Free Silver Club was organized
last night as follows: President, Robert
Haight; first vice-president. \V. C. Reed;
second vice-president, T. F. Brady ; secre
tary. Frank McCarrick; treasurer, Thomas
J. Glynn; executive committee — Frank
Coffey, John Heaney, Thomas B. McGin
niss, James Readon, Captain C. D. Wheat.
Two hundred and ten members signed the
roll. It was resolved to meet every Thurs
day evening in Franklin Hall, which has
been secured for the campaign.
The Bryan and Sewall Free Silver Club
of the Twenty-ninth District was organ
ized last night with the following officers:
President, George B. Hughes; first vice
president, Thomas J. Smith; second vice
president, James Hecarty; secretary,
Joseph Piunkett; treasurer. M. J. Demp
sey; executive committee — M. Cooney,
Michael Kirby. John Manning, Patrick
Kindregan and L. Van Sickle. It was
ordered that application be made for
uiuiubcrahip in A--'o'-iAtioo ,o! Free
Co'iducp of c'lis-or Clul
»1 A •.i.i.e ol ion f'rf.a^.eriir Free
'•"iiiic-' -, ■:. 'i ikiii uf tui'Twrjiiiv-tirnth'
Aleortibly IMetHut, iitiii at Irish AjimrlooU.
nil. Ihe ftdfAnlns oiliCnT*. Avere •.[,.,, lej ;
Frosjh?nt Tbfimrjrii alfurilh; hr-t rite
p;.-^lui'ni, lieu He-^usi. aerr.,t\.i rire-oreai.
d?DI. /ftUi'V aniii'v, •Pi!r*.Uj*fy,,JaUjri|
EttJAtiJ irsMitror. Oh Ariel. ■VN'Hfoni SLtrveu
lvr,couiuilCu}e^.Joiv.cs IfotMyCttfob Kaofe-
Mnri'.n ( Ha 10.., Mfoltaat McCarthy, Arid
VyiUlim CuHlri.* -
■ Ofia Ifundf'ed Ahd''twoDtv.five membarv
stftiifl§_U.ia., fOlb Aru'llirmioi was mode
Ivy : Hiv*"' birra-liMf lp*l>iA > • ■-r ■(■ ".1 A-" la
tum of Liemot.-tactc Fr<» Coinage of filirVt.
iCixibA ' y-y • V -y
\V t !■•■ I no \ -|i,i'.ri >i
Some voters of the Forty-fcurth Assem
bly District met last night at Reimer's
Hall, corner of Broadway and Jones street,
and organized a Bryan free-silver club.
One hundred and filteen members signed
the roll. Following were elected offi
c-ra: Charles W. Pope, president; Fritz
Bode and J. F. Kelly, vice-presidents; G.
H. Brunotte, secretary; Rudolph Reimer,
treasurer; F. JH. Schmaling, sergeant-at
arms; executive committee— F. Bode, R.
Reimer, J. D. Sweeney, H. A. Ferguson,
Ed McAvoy.
"IN DARKEST
CHINATOWN, "
The Board of Health and
Chief of Police
Explore.
AMID MEPHITIC GLOOM.
The Humanity-Filled Buildings
Where Walls Are Totter
ing to a FalL
BING KEE'S VOTIVE OFFERING.
In the Foul N xious Breeding Places
of the Microbes of
Pestilence.
The eternal unhallowed and unheaitb
ful condition of Chinatown has been de-
Bcribed until the oft-repeated description
has grown insuffrably dreary; yet official
visitors always find within that vile terri
tory new features, new shades of filth and
unhealthfulness. The Chinaman, prince
of uncleaniiness as he is and thriving un
der conditions the most unfavorable to
life, is constantly producing new evi
dences of the fact that he is difficult to
destroy. He is either a salamander or a
cat, or both. He seems to worry along
quite well with his circulation filled with
the noxious fumes of opium and of the
mephitic poisons of his domestic cesspool.
Death appears to be unable to kill him
with the deadly carbonic vapors and the
Board of Health appears to be unable to
cleanse or remove him.
Yesterday a large number of visitors
"did" Chinatown and their inspection
was probably deeper and more thorough
than that of the ordinary tourist. They
dipped down into noisome places, tracked
throueh narrow passages filled with smoke
and darkness, groped in underground
caverns dank with the humidity. of leaking
sewers or with sewage that never pos
sessed an outlet and in all these unspeak
able spots they found men, woman and
children — the invincible Chinese whose
habitat is a place where oxygen is at a
minimum.
The party consisted of Health Officer
Lovelace, Police Commissioner Tobin,
Chief of Police Crowley, Fire Chief Sulli-
livan. District Engineer O'Shaughnessy,
Drs. Morse, Hart, Williamson, Fitzgibbon
and Secretary Godcheaux of the Board of
Health, Inspectors Davis. Keeney, Sulli-
Fay, Officer Butterworth and several news
paper people. As the party went
from place to place, convoyed by the po
lice officer, the Chinese in the streets and
in their unsavory abodes stood with their
hands under their blouses and stared with
characteristic stolidity. Not a man ex
pressed an objection to the official intru
sion, but one woman asked "What aw?"
with an angry rising inflection on the
close of the query that snapped like a
firecracker. At 1104}^ Stockton street the
party dived down in a malodorous base
ment and came out in a sort of open space
in the center of the block. The visitors
might have gone further, but found their
progress stopped by ahieh brick wall that
is tottering for a fall. That building
swarms with tenants. The owner of the
property has braced the wall with a few
timbers, a frail support of the great weight
bearing against them. The entire place is
filthy, and has practically no sewer for the
drainage oi its sinks and closets. It is
owned by the "Bottle" Koenig estate.
At 842 Jackson street is another old vil
lainous rookery containing several shoe
making establishments. Tne yard is a
sort of tannery and leather-drying place
well filled with rubbis i and loud smells.
The visitors .vent tnrough Bartlett alley
and inspected the systems of little kitch
ens built like swallow nests high up on
the walls, just abreast of the windows.
These frail structures are attached to the
walls by the enterprising tenants who add
more space to their room.s by so doing.
Cooper alley, a small passage leading
from Jackson street, above Kearny, was
next entered. For unadulterated foulness
Cooper alley is a "peach." Among the
refuse and rubbish i.caps, the accumula
tions of years, a lot of family tish were
drying. In an old building, half unroofed
and ruined, a band of fearless rats foraged
for scraps of food, and several iean dirty
cats slept in the gioom and dust and cob
webs that filled the place.
The "Palace Hotel" is a big rookery at
720 Jackson street. It was named after
the huge Market-street caravansary be
cause of its square court m the center of
the building, and that court is almost the
vilest spot in Chinatown. Not even the
slightest regard is there paid to sanitary
regulations. Additional structures have
been erected here and there for the ac
commodation of tenants. Chiel Sullivan
has been patiently waiting for years to
see the place catch fira that he can get an
opportunity to clear out that yard.
'The old Globe Hotel, once a handsome
structure, but now the reeking place of
all manner of odorous thincs, was in
spected. It is a place where a pestilence
could breed and devastate the land.
Down in a darksome basement at 705
Pacific street is the second-hand estab
lishment of Hin^ Kee. Among the heaps
of old traps that Hing Kee buys and sells
stood his family, watching the visitors.
Several Jittle children, on the approach of
the strangers, disappeared in the black
gloom of the farther part of their cellar
home. On a table stood a row of little
grease lamps burning before the picture of
8 guady-robed Chinese woman. A dozen
glasses filled wi'h liquor also stood before
the engraving. It was the fe;isi-«iay of ?ome
Mongolian goddess, anl Hing Kee fully ex
pected that thedivii.ity in tne high-coiored
upholstery would visit his impure place if
he kept the glasses filled and the grease
lamps trimmed and burning. Down under
the sidewalk Hing slaughters ducks and
chickens for market, throwing the offal
any where, to be devoured by the scavenger
cats and rats. A neighboring sewer drips
into nis dining-room, but this does not
seem to trouble Hing Kee nor his fat chil
dren peering at the visitors out of the
darkness. Mrs. Kee scowled at a lady re
porter and evidently, woman-lifce, blamed
her journalistic sister alone for the in
trusion ot the party.
Many other places were inspected, until
the inspectors felt that they had imbibed
sufficient noxious gases for one day, and
the party sought a breathing place in a
healthier locality.
The board will bold a special session at
11 o'clock this morning to consider the
results of inspection of the rookeries, and
will probably condemn a number of build
ings and order them closed pending a
legal decision on the question of its right
to tear them down.
A Free Coinage Club.
A free coinage of silver club was
formed last evening by citizens of the
Forty-second Assembly District at Turn
ers' Hall. Resolutions indorsing Bryan
and Seawall and free silver were adopted.
The secretary was instructed to make ap
plication to join the proposed associa
tion of free coinage of silver clubs.
Great enthusiasm was shown throughout
the meeting and the silver-tongued orators
received great applause. The following
officers were elected: James Humphrey,
president; John J. McGowan, first vice
president; T. Carl Spelling, second vice
president; Henry Clarke, secretary; Fleet
F. Strother, treasurer; executive com-
Rookeries in Chinatown That the Board of Health Will
Condemn To-Day.
mittee— John J. Kelly, William Lovejoy,
P. Meisner, P. Kcne and E. H. Hayes;
committee oj; au-ziission— J. Cathcart, H.
Taylor and Walter J. Burke.
» — «. — •
The Boston Artillerymen at Windors
Castle.
The yueen of England was not behind
hand in hospitality toward the Boston
corps, and their visit to Windsor Castle
will be reckoned among the most pleasant
and most memorable of their experiences.
Her Majesty's cordial welcome, the an
cient castle, the exquisite grounds, mili
tary pageants and a brilliant company
combined to please them, while the royal
refection in the Orangery, spread and
served by the royal footmen in their scar
let liveries, could not have been better ar
ranged. The buffet was loaded with every
thing that was seasonable, nice and cold.
Champagne corks popped by the dozen at
a time. Those who were In- the secret of
the royal brown sherry tried it in spite of
the time of day. There were gallons of
Apollinaris, and what was generally de
clared the best clared cup ever brewed.
At Windsor Castle the smell of tobacco
is virtually profane, but the visitors,
lounging out into the open air, began to
smoke, no one saying them nay, and the
delighted Bostonians on their return to
London were at no pains to conceal the
pleasure which they had derived from
their visit to Windsor. — Daily Chronicle,
9ih July, 1896. _
Physical strength is highly rated in
Switzerland. In several cantons the cus
tom still prevails of holding wrestling
matches. The champions taking part in
these athletic sports belong to the most
diverse ranks in the social scale.
JOHN WILLS IS
TO BE DECORATED.
The Wish of Chief Scan
nell Finally Carried
Out
HONORING A FIREMAN.
The First Medal Provided Out
of the Fund Left by the
Chief.
PRESENTATION ON THURSDAY.
Saving the Lives of Women Entitles
the Engineer to the Long-
Coveted Honor.
John Wills, district engineer of the Fire
Department, will be the recipient on
Tnursday next of an honor for which the
employes of the department have been
striving for years past.
When Chief David Scannell of the de
partment died he left in his will a fund of
$2000 for medals for the firemen of the de
partment, the interest to be devoted each
year to buying appropriate decorations for
those whose deeds during each year war
ranted the presentations of such emblems.
Up to the present time no single act of
any fireman has entitled him to the honor,
and thus the medal that Wills is to re
ceive will be the first provided out of the
fund.
When the catastrophe at Fifth street
and Mint avenue occurred, Wills with his
men was the first to arrive on the ground
and he rendered heroic service in rescuing
women from the shattered building, re
peatedly risking his life to place them out
of harm's way before the tottering walls
fell with the debris that threatened to sac
rifice more lives.
His conduct at that time was not unno
ticed by the department and Chief Sulli
van decided that the time had come to
carry out the wishes of his deceased chief.
Without the knowledge of his subordi
nate a beautiful medal was prepared by a
skillful jeweler and at the appointed time
the gallant district engineer will be deco
rated in the presence of his fellow-engi
neers.
The medal is a marvel of the jeweler's
art. The main portion is a disk somewhat
larger than a twenty dollar piece on which
ia handsomely wrought a profile of the
deceased Chief in gold and enamel. On
the reverse side is a suitable inscription
describing the deeds that entitled Wills to
the decoration.
Above the medallion are three links
that suspend the portrait from a bar of
gold, the whole presenting as handsome a
decoration as was ever offered to a fire
man.
The secret of his honor has been care
fully guarded from Wills, and aside from
the publication of the facts the first notf
fication of the matter will come when he
is called before the Fire Commissioners to
receive his decoration.
Anchored at Port Lot Angeei.
PORT LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 15.—
The Drumcliff, one of the largest sailing
vessels that ever tonched at ports along
this coast, is now lying at the big wharf.
The vessel is a square-rigged, four-master,
3800 tons burden. The cabin arrange
ments and finishings are neautiful and
tasty, and in some of tHe features of th«
decorations they are on the scale of those
of an ocean steam-hip. The Drumcliff
came from London with a cargo of cement
and general merchandise.
NEW YORK SIMAN SOLD.
The Paper Auctioned Off to a Wealthy
Organization.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Aug. 14.-The good
will, plant, franchises, trademarks, copy
rights, assets and effects of the New York
Times Publishing Company were sold at
pubiic auction at the New York Real
Estate rooms yesterday. Spencer Trask,
chairman of the reorganization commit
tee, who represents alt the creditors and
nearly all of the stockholders of the Times,
was the oniy bidder. The paper was
knocked down to him for $75,000 and the
value of the book account?, which amount
to $63,000. The sale was merely a legal
process to vest the new company with the
titles. The company will probably take
possession Monday, when it is expected
the courts will confirm the sale.
Adolph S. Ochs of Chattanooga will be
publisher and general manager under the
new organization and Charles Miller
will cominue as editor. The new organi
zation has a million-dollar stock and %
million dollars of bonds.
SBELTI.Ji ISLAND FIRE.
Manhanaet House Damaged, to the Ex
- tent of $200,000.
GREENPORT, L. 1., Aug. 14.—
was discovered in the laundry of the
Manhanset House, Shelter Island, yester
day morning. The fire spread to the
engine-rooma, thence to the kitchen and
dining-hall, and the original building,
despite the efforts of the firemen, was de
stroyed. Had it not been for the Greens
port department the whole hotel would
Lave gone, with many 'of . the cottages.
Several of the : firemen were overcome by
heat and smoke, but no lives are believed
to have been lost. The loss will be about
5200,000.
Fire at Seu3c.au tie.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., Aug. 14.— Fire thia
afternoon destroyed the dwelling of H.
Kellogg, outside the fire limits. The loss
in house and lurniture is $1500; insurance,
$500.
Windttortn at Sogalet.
NOGALES, Ariz., Aug. 14.— A wind and
rain storm struck Nogales this evening.
It lasted only a few minutes, a few shacks
being blown down.
A BLAZE AT MIDNIGHT.
Several Houses Partially De
stroyed at Bryant and Con
verse Streets.
The Occupants Were All Asleep and
Had Barely Time to Make
Their Escape.
A fire started about midnight in a
row of frame buildings at Bryant and
Converse streets, and an alarm was turned
in from box 152.
Owing to the inflammable character of
the buildings a second alarm was given a
few minutes later, but the services of the
extra engines were not needed.
The occupants of the buildings were
asleep at the time, and some of them did
not know of their danger until the fire
engines arrived in front of their doors.
Then they had to hurriedly dross and run
into the street.
John Brady, one of the occupants,
whose entrance was by steps in tiie rear
of where the fire had stared, had to be
lowered out of the front window by means
of a rope.
The tire originated in the basement of s
house on Converse street, owned by J.
Donahue and occupied by J. Nelson.
The flames spread to the house, 1016
Bryant street, occurred by Robert Dewey,
and the house 1014. occupied by Max Patry
on the ground floor and John Brady on the
floor above, both being owned also by
Douohue.
The house 6, 1012 Bryant street, occupied
by Henry Huppick ; 1012)£. occupied by
Martin Bose, and both owned by
John Bose; 1010, occupied by Henry
Gefke. and 1010)4, occupied by Mrs. Leary,
and both owned by Gefke, were also par
tially destroyed !a the rear.
The loss will not exceed $3000.
VTEVr TO-DAT.
HE SNAPS
1 Ol CTS PER SET
I^-2 . of 3 Pieces.
OR CTS PER SET
. of 6 Pieces.
Cf| CTS PER SET :'.
OU • of 12 Pieces.
7C CTS PER SET ■
■■) iO , of 18 Pieces.
PRETTY
LUNCH SETS
DECORATED \
Profits Divided
wlth Customers ho
COME DIRECT TO OUR,
MONEY SAVING STORES.
CDI I IT 45c per Doz. Pints .
rnUI 1■ { 55c per Ooz. Quarts
1A DO i 7Sc per boz. Half Gallons
JntlU ' 30c per Doz. Jelly Glasses
BIG PRESENTS FREE
Great American Imp ortino: Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES'.
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. - ; . 218 Third st.
140 : Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 065 Market st.
1419 Polk St. 3006 Sixteenth st.
K2i Montgomery m\e. icu Second st.
333 Hayes st. ' i 3285 Mission st.
; T V 5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
ill San Pablo aye. , 917 Broadway, Oakland
-1355 Park st., Alatneda.
CITY AND COUNTY
CREDITORS.
TO ALL CREDITORS OF THE CITY f A.YD
County ■■ of : San Francisco, whose • legitimate
claims upon ■ the Treasurer have not been paid.
A meeting of • such creditors- of the City and
County of San Francisco will be held at the rooms
of the Board of Trade,- No. 202 Market • street, on
MONDAY, .August 17, at 2:HO p. m. The meeting
Is called for the purpose of - presenting and receiv-
ing, suggestions of new methods of satisfying th«
demands of the creditors of the city. The outline
of a new plan of action will |be presented for their
approva. ■ . Every ■ creditor ' should > be . present.
Claims should: not ho abandoned as long as there
is a shred of hope for their satisfaction. ;■
. The. chairman will report the results of late
proceedings taken hv hisoider. ■
jjpLiliP"'liiUilliiU'" J. P. I.k COUNT, Chairman.
aan Francisco, August 10, 1806.
•-■ i- ■'." ; : ;'- '- •___'-; :■ '• ;
CREDITORS' MEETING.
: A meeting of C the 1 creditors -of the ; City i and
County of San Francisco will De held at the rooms
of the Boaid of Traae MONDAY; August 17. 1898.
at 2:30 p.m. H. I. SMITH, secretary.
Please brine state me at of your account. -
56
Wat csfftU
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Pally and Sunday Cam* alx month*, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cam, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-BO
Weekly Call, one year, by mall *-0Q
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
*•, It li no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it, miss you tor you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or toft at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGK.
BUSINESS OFFICE i
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California..
Telephone.. • ...Mala— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .....;. Maln-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, coiner Clay; open until
B:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street : open until, 9 o'clock,
US 2s' lath street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICBt
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jtooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY ..-AUGUST 15, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOR fICF-PREBIDENT-
GARBET A. KOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTION XOVKMBEE 3. 1896.
It must be gold and silver and not silver
alone.
Labor and capital need protection alike
and both will work for it. r
Leave orders to-day for The Sunday
Call if you wish the best Sunday reading.
The announcement that Bryan will take
a rest means that he will give the country
one.
Most of the noise U in the Democratic
camp, but all the organization is with the
Republicans.
I — > .
If Bryan's speech is to be of any service
as a campaign document it will have to be
issued in sections.
The defenders of the life of the Union
are for MuKinley, and, so also are the de
fenders of it» credit.
The ((old Democrats in New York are all j
going to Europe, while the silver ones
seem bound for Jericho.
The true r.orkin^man's party is the
party that protects his industry and
affords employment and good wages.
If Nansen wishes to start another trip
for the polar regions/he will have no trou
ble in getting volunteers in the East.
If Bryan wishes a good cool place for
rest, where he will not be disturbed by
callers, he should go to Buzzards Bay.
The dissensions among the Democratic
leaders are a proof that they cannot man
age a party much less govern a country.
Strip Democracy of its sectionalism and
its agrurinnistn and there will not be
enough of it left to make a factor in poli
tics.
Bryan has apoloziz<>d to the New York
ers for reading his speech, but that is not
the only thine about it requiring an
apology.
' The noisy shouters may attract atten
tion during the campaign, but it will be
the silent votes that are counted on elec
tion day.
The Democratic party offers one of its
empty promises to the silver men/but the
Republican party gives a solid assurance
of bimetallism.
Having no other way to warm up the
campaign the silver leaders of the Demo
cratic National Committee are trying to
fire the gold men.
A New York physician tell us that
Bryan's throat is formed by. nature for
resounding -oratory, but we are not told
what his brain was formed for. •
Judging from the length of his speeches
it seems evident that Bryan supposes the
people have nothing to do but read and will
read nothing but what he says.
It seems to be the determination of the
Democratic leaders to drive off with the
band wagon, and leave Watson in the
middle of the road to walk if he feels
like it.
If Democracy is to succeed in holding
its own this year, the leaders will have to
hurry up ana stop the stampede, for the
breakaway is becoming general all over
the country.
The young men of this country will
never go wrong in politics if they follow
the guidance of the veterans who saved
the Republic from disruption and made
it a Union forever.
The veterans of the war for the Union
will support their comrade McKinley be
cause his patriotism, like theirs, has been
tested on the field of battle and proven to
be of the true heroic sort.
The fact that in his long speech at Mad
ison Square Garden Bryan said nothing of
his Populist ; allies has given them good'
cause for saying much about him, and
they are doing it with emphasis.
From all the States where wool-growing
is a great industry, there come reports of
a general uprising for McKinley ana pro
tection. The people of those States know
what free wool means and they wish no
more of it.
The most salient fact of the recent his
tory of this country is that we had pros
perity ever since the close of the war until
the Democratic party came into power
and made its attack on the industries of
the country. ■
Report/from all parts of the Mississippi
Valley show that the people are beginning
. to understand the difference between bi
" metallism and silver monometallism, and
as a consequence the Bryanites are losing
HWJWIML*
WILLIAM M'KINLEY.
In the stream of callers at Canton on
Thursday were several hundred war vet
erans who bad served with Major McKin
lt-y. and this among other things is what
their old comrade said lo them: "The
bitterness of the war has lona since disap
peared. The resentments have gone out
of the hearts of the old soldiers and tbe
people who supported them in the great
conflict on both aides. Sectionalism bas
given place to National spirit and patriot
ism, while tbe preservation of the National
honor constitutes tbe great aim and pur
pose of all patriotic American citizens."
Here we have an old soldier whose fame
is not confined within the limits of the
country for whose honor and integrity he
fought, glorying in the fact that there is
no resentment in the hearts of the true
patriots of tne country, and appealing to
his fellow-comrades to continue to stand
i.p for the preservation of the institutions
bequeathed by the fathers. There was no
bitterness in his words, and if he grew en
thusiastic as be talked it was because bis
heart welled up with tbe National spirit
of patriotism and fellowship. How dif
ferent was the scene in Madison-square
Garden where effort was made to array
class against class and section against sec
tion.
It is not surprising that old soldiers
should take especial pride in espousing
the cau.se of Major McKinley in his race
for the Presidency, which is also a battle
for the honor of the Nation. They know
him as a man and as a soldier, aud they
know that he has never been found want
inp when called upon as a friend or to
serve his country in war or in tbe walks
of peace. And it is not surprising that
old Confederates should seek his banner,
for the manliness of the man attracts all
old soldiers who did not let bitterness
survive the restoration of the Onion.
Since bis nomination, Major McKinley
has presented a feature of American man
hood which we all might well make our
standard. In all the talks he has had
with callers, and they have been legion,
there is absence of partyism and sec
tionalism. He speaks only of the duty
and of the sublimity of American citizen
ship. He cares for tbe honor of the
country and the prosperity of the people,
and how best to protect the one and
secure the other is uppermost in his
thoughts. Alt his appeals are for the
country's safety and the betterment of
tbe condition of the people.
It is safe to say that there never was a
candidate for the Presidency who could
get so far away from partisan environ
ment and devise ways and means for the
advancement of all the .people toward
stronger and more favorable opportunities
to better their home ana business life as
does Major McKinley. As one expresses
it, "Major McKinley is always bubbling
over with lore for his fellow-citzens."
How such a typical American soldier,
statesman and private citizen could be de
feated by a sectional whirlwind for any
position where tbe public interests were
to be served is a question that calls for no
answer, for of course he will not be
defeated. Major McKinley was needed by
hi 3 country when the war between the
North and South was raging. He was
needed subsequently in the ball of
National legislation, and now he is needed
in the chair of the chief executive of the
Republic. The people understand this ana
the people will send him to the White
House.
THE SPOILS OP OFFICE.
There is more danger to the peace and
dignity of the country than most people
suppose in the demand of the Chicago
platform that the civil service law be re
pelled. It is a direct offer to ward bosses
and other professional political workers to
work for Bryan In consideration of fat
offices in case the Democratic ticket is
elected. The idea of the Democracy is to
return to the spoils system, and the
declaration in tbe platform is to notify
heelers and vote-brokers that the standard
of qualification for Government positions
will be efficiency in campaign work:. It
was the spoils of oflice plank in the plat
form that won Tammany and the Chicago
machiae over to Bryan, and it is what is
turning a certain disreputable element in
all the lareer cities into the Bryan ranks.
It would be a calamity to the whole
country if political dishonest work is made
the one essential qualification for public
otiice, but that is tbe policy of Bryan. It
is to secure that element that he appeals
to the vicicTus to stir up trouble between
labor and capital. He knows very well
that the ward boss has influence in pro
portion to tbe outlook to rob the people,
and Bryan proposes to recompense him in
a way that the bosses' steals will be regu
lated by their own sense of honor. It is a
most desperate and reckless plan to turn
the cities more especially over to the
toughs, but Bryan wants to be President,
and tbe end justifies tbe means.
It is unfortunate for Mr. Bryan's reputa
tion for uprightness of character that be
should try to inaugurate a war of classes
and promise office to the lowest element
in the community for creating trouble be
tween employe and employer in the
Nation's industrial life. He was known
to be a very ordinary man in point of
statesmanship, but the people were glad
to know that be was a man of a high sense
of honor and thoroughly committed to a
sound code of political ethics. In view of
bis hearty indorsement of the spoils of
office plank of the platform of his party,
and the "tips" that sent Tammany into
the field to work for him, it would seem
that Mr. Bryan is, after all, very much of
a politician of the school that believe in
making public office a thing to pay cam
paign debts with. However, if he is or
was under pay of the silver mine owners'
association to secure the free coinage of
the white metal for the sole purpose of
doubling its market value, tbe spoils of
office plank in his platform would not
cause him to lay awake of nights.
A DANGEROUS MAN.
Surprise is expressed that Mr. Bryan did
not allude to the tariff question in bis
notification speech, out there is no occa
sion for astonishment. Mr. Bryan and
his managers are on record that they are
for free trade, and that they regard protec
tion as a crime against humanity. Time
and again Mr. Bryan has asserted that he
favors free trade pure and simple, and
that he would levy an income and excise
tax high enough to provide for Govern
ment expenses.
Mr. Bryan ha 3 acquainted the country
so many times of his purpose to establish
open highways of commerce between the
United States and other countries that
there was no need of bia reiterating his
views on that question in Madison-square
Garden. Mr. Bryan may wobble on tbe
silver and other questions, but it would be
doing him 'an injustice to say tbat he
could be induced to depart from tbe posi
tion tbat protection in any degree to our
industries or industrial operatives would
be wrong.
• That Mr. Bryan ■< is : , inconsistent no one
will; pretend to deny, for bis advocacy of
the highest kind of protection to the prod
uct of silver mines at the expense of
faim, factory, mill «nd/ ejiop pro yes it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
fully. But while Mr. Bryan's knowledge
of tbe science of economics and trade in
terchange is glaringly superficial, his un
derstanding of the science of money is
conspicuously at fault throughout It
would not matter so much, however, how
radically opposed to sound economics Mr.
Bryan's theories might be, if they were
not entertained by a man who does not
hesitate to set brother against brother,
class against class and community against
community for personal advantage. Mr.
Bryan is a demagoeue, of course, but there
Is method in his demagoguery. Mr.
Bivan's consuming ambition to be Presi
dent makes him the most dancerous man
that has been in public life in many a year.
In concluding His Now York speech Mr.
Bryan, referring to the Republican party,
said: "When they assert that this Nation
is helpless to protect the rights of its own
citizens we challenge them to submit
theirs (principles of government) to a
people whose patriotism has never been
appealed to in vain." Mr. Bryan did not
make the direct charge, it will be observed,
that the Republican party bad asserted
that this Nation is helpless to protect the
riehts of its citizens, but he framed the
sentence so adroitly that no doubt most of
his hearers got the impression tbat tbe
Republican party was pursuing a policy
which would transform the sovereigns of
the United States into vassals of Euro
pean monarchies, and then, with tornado
like rushing of words, be called upon "a
people whose patriotism has never been
appealed to in, vain :> to rise in their
might and overthrow this areadful enemy
of the people— the Republican party.
Does any one doubt that Mr. Bryan's pur
pose was to stir even to the blood-lettine
point the baser nature of his hearers?
It is a harsh thing to say, but Mr.
Bryan lied— knowingly, willfully, wick
edly and maliciously lied — when he
said, by implication though it was,
that the Republican party ever
asserted, ever thought of asserting
or ever supposed that tbis Nation is help
less to protect the rignts of its own
citizens. If Mr. Bryan will read the his
tory of tbe events in tbis country between
1801 and 18G3 he may conclude that the
party which protected tbe rights of the
people from the treasonable purpose of
his party, then under the leadership of
Jeff Davis, is fully able to protect them
from Bryan mobs and foreign monarchies.
THE TRUE FRIEND OF SILVER.
If to be friendly to silver i 3 to want
to make it a world-wide basis with
gold for redemption money, then the Re
publican party is silver's friend. If to
make silver the sole basis for redemption
in this country and have it at enmity with
the people of countries with whom we
have business transactions is an evidence
of friendship for it, then the Democratic
party is its friend. Candidate Bryan says
there is no doubt about the Republican
party being for bimetallism, hut be thinks
the party is wrong in not sacrificing |2,000,
--000,000 of American trade with other na
tions annually for the supposed glory of
trying to cram our silver dollars down the
throats of other nations whether they like
them or not.
The Democratic plan is to take all the
world's offerings of silver bullion, convert
it into dollars representing a discount of
nearly half their fac: value, and then tell
the world if it does not take them at the
value their stamp says they possess it will
have to suspend business operations with
the people of the United States. But it is
unfortunate for the Democratic plan tbat
our farmers more especially need the
other nations to buy their produce more
than the other nations need our farm
products, and with Democratic free trade
prevailing the little home market farmers
now bave would be swept away. Not only
so, but under such conditions our people
would have very little use for money of
any kind. There would be no business to
call for the employment of money under
free trade and silver monometallism.
The Republican party is firm in the be
lief tbat not only is our present business
with other peoples, amounting to $2,000,
--000,000 annually, worth saving, but it
should be increased as much as possible.
To think of increasing it. however, by
arbitrarily fixing a standard of money
and making it the basis of traae inter
course tbe Republican party believes
would be foolish. Tbe question of a
monetary system is not one of sentiment
nor of politics. It is a common, business
sense matter, and unless it conforms to
tbe requirements of commerce, commerce
would withdraw from the country that
refused to make its standard of redemp
tion money harmonize with the law of
trade exchange. It is for this reason tbat
tbe Republican party is for a plan that
will reinstate silver in all the channels of
commerce at tbe same time and in a way
tbat commerce would be satisfied. ,
The Republican party is tbe sincere
friend of bimetallism, because it wants to
secure it upon a permanent and universal
basis. The Democratic party is the enemy
of silver, because it wants to force the
other nations to antagonize its coinage by
refusing to invite them to a conference
where the basis of silver coinage could be
agreed upon, to tbe end tbat a silver
dollar would t>ass at its face value the
same as goki in any market in the world.
Tbe Republican party is for bimetallism,
as Bryan says, but his party is for silver
monometallism.
CANADIAN AGGRESSION.
The announcement that a strip of land
containing the richest gold placer mines
in Alaska has been declared Canadian ter
ritory by the arbitrary action of Canadian
officials will serve to lecall to public at
tention the carelessness and the indiffer
ence of the Democratic administration to
the important subject of the Alaskan boun
dary and its apparent willingness to permit
British and Canadian aggression to have
way there unchecked and unhindered.
Tbe region in question bas been hereto
fore considered a part of tbe territory of
Alaska, and therefore the property of the
United States. American miners ex
plored the district, discovered its wealth
in gold and began the work of fathering
tbe precious metal. Not until the rich
ness of the country was made known did
the Canadians pay any attention to it;
but now they bave not only claimed it as
their own, but have boldly sent their po
lice into tbe district nnd compelled tbe
miners to pay miners' taxes to tbe Cana
dian Government.
The only excuse offered for this aggres
sion is an allegation of the Canadian offi
cials tbat an error was made in tbe former
survey and tbat they have a right to re
dress it. Of course, no such right is
theirs. Admitting that an error exists in
the survey, the only remedy i 3 by a joint
survey to be made by the officials of both
countries. Until that joint survey is made
and a boundary line agreed upon the
former line must stand as the dividing
line. Canada bas no more right to draw
tbe line to suit herself than has any pri
vate individual up there to draw a lire
around tbe whole gold district and call
it his.
< • The aggression ; on the part of the Cana
dians id due .wholly., to tbe neglect of
American interest* \on \ this I coast ■. by the
.Cleveland •Umialatratioat AlWfilo dipio-,
matic note from Secretary, Olnev would
have kept the Canadian police out of the
disputed Territory until a joint survey
bad been made. Olney's vigorous foreign
policy, however, which promised so much
in the Venezuelan message, seems to have
burst like a bubble. Tbat notable effort
was more like a spasm than a policy. It
exhausted all tbe force of the Democratic
administration, and since that lime ther«
Has been no display of firmness anywhere,
although there has been ft pressing need
for it on many occasions.
It is no slight thing that the Canadians
assert the right to run tbe Alaskan
boundary line according to the claim of
their surveyors, and brin? American
mines under the control of Canadian law,
without even consulting our Government.
It was to resist just such aggression on
their territory that the Venezuelans defied
the British settlers in British Guiana and
requested our assistance to compel the
submission oi the question to arbitration.
The Cleveland administration has been
weaker even than the Vtnezulans. It has
made a muddle of our foreign affairs as
well as of our industries and our finances,
and it is "not to be wondered that the
people demand a change. '
" the; buuday call."
To-morrow's issue of The Call will be
another splendid example of a real Cali
fornia newspaper.
"The Story and the Glory of the Golden
State," by Joaquin Miller, is a magnificent
prose-poem. A drawing from Bierstadt'a
grand painting, "Sunset at the Golden
Gate," accompanies the article.
"Early Mining Scenes in California" will
be sure to interest old-timera wbo are
proud of tbe past, and also the newcomers
who would like to know how the pioneers
lived.
''Picturesque Scenes Along the Chan
nel" is a delineation with pen and pencil
of a portion of San Francisco little known
to the greater number of residents, but
withal having qualities most pleasing to
an artist.
Olive Heyden's exDerience as a Flower
Mission girl is a pretty bit ol real life,
showing the side of a great city tbat is
little known.
Tbe usual features— Literature, Science,
In Childhood's Realm and Fashion— will be
fully up to the high standard of The Sun
day Call, which, by tbe way, is just the
paper to send to your Eastern friends to
let them know what a glorious empire- we
bave out here by tbe eyer rolling waters of
tbe blue Pacific.
PERSONAL.
1.. M. La Sell of Martinez is at the Grand.
F. M. Thompson of Covelo is a recent arrival
here.
Charles Cazeau of Watsonville is at the Cos
mopolitan.
J. A. Hutcbins of Carlin, Not., is at the Cos
mopolitan.
Harry Thornton of Loa Banos Is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Ex-Congressman Thomas J. Geary of Santa
Rod a is at the Lick.
G. T. Rives, the mining superintendent of
Sonora, is in the City.
Bayless Shannon, a business man of Silver
City, X. Mex., is in town.
A. J. Wailln and Wife of Sacramento are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. W. J. Nelson of Winnipeg, Manitoba, has
arrived here. He is at the Lick.
State Senator J. M. Gleaves of Redding is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
S. S. Ray. a merchant of Kansas City, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
John O'Bouse, the mining expert, has re
turned from a visit to Bulte, Mont.
T. B. A. Pierce, a wealthy resident of Boston,
is among the arrivals at the Palace.
Eugene Howell, a mining man of Carson,
Nev., is among recent arrivals here.
J. Goodfellow of Kamloops, B. C, accompa
nied by Mrs. Goodfellow, is at the Lick.
F. A. Ruidge, a capitalist of Los Angeles, is
at the Palace, accompanied by bis family.
H. H. Herren, v merchant of Snelling, in the
San Joaquln Valley, is here on a business trip.
E. M. McGettigan, the contractor of Vallejo,
is making a brief visit here and is at the Rubs.
Louis G. d« Bustamente, a wealthy citizen of
Guatemala, is at the Palace, accompanied by
bis three daughters.
John Flanagan, the newspaper man of Men
docino, aud J. C. Ruddock, now an attorney of
the same county, are at the Grand.
Professor J. W. Griffith and wife have re
turned by the Canadian Pacific from a three
months' trip to the Eastern States and Canada.
B. F. Grosser, the mine-owner of Sutter
Creek, Is in the City. He has recently made
an extended visit to Mexico, where he has
been examining into the mining and other in
terests.
Ex-Attorney-General Robert M. Clarke of Ne
vada is among the recent arrivals bere. Tne
general says that while he is intending to vote
for William J. Bryan, he does not believe that
silver if coined free would anywhere reach a
dollar in value. As for the silver mines of
Nevada, especially the big ones, the silver is
now largely out. New mlnes.Mn his judgment,
would have to be discovered before there would
be anything approaching the output of the
70s.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14.— At the West
minister, C. A. Collins; Astor, W. Buckingham;
Normandie, J. S. Bowers; Continental, Dr.
Jones and wife; Imperial, E. J. Bates; St.
Nicholas, F. Steinbinger and wife; Hoffman,
Mrs. D. Hawthorne; Murray Hill, W. H. Pall ;
St. Denis, Mrs. Bumpster.
CUT, OFF THE WRONG LEG
Riverside Press.
Congressman Dolliver of lowa, who is run
ning for tbe fifth time as a candidate, made a
forcible speech at Jefferson the other day in
reply to the Popocratic candidate. Among
other things, he said:
"I sat next to Bryan in Congress. Tbe bur
den of his talk was 'calamity.' 'Wipe out the
tariff and prices will double.' That was the
panacea he offered. Free silver was not men
tioned by Democrats then. Then the Demo
crats said, 'You are lame, but our Dr.
Bryan can fix you.' We believed them; they
put us under the opiate of 'boy oratory,' end
when we came out our leg was gone. Now
they say, 'Dr. Bryan was slightly in error.
Com* into his office again— he cut off the
wrong leg.'
"He now says: 'I have a new remedy, dis
covered in Idaho, called 10 to 1, or the 50
--cent dollar, warranted to kill or cure, the Lord
only knows which.' "
But the patient is likely to demur about sub
jecting himself again in the hands of inex
perienced and Incompetent practitioners.
THE BOLT IN NEW JERSEY.
Newark Advertiser.
The Democratic press of this State bas al
most without exception refused to support the
Chicago candidates. The following is a partial
list of the New Jersey newspapers which bave
declined to uphold Bryan and Sewall, and
have declared ior sound money :
The Trenton True American.
The Trenton Times.
The Trenton Staats Zeitung.
The Elizabeth Herald.
The Elisabeth Democrat.
The Jersey City News.
The Newark Deutsche Zeitung.
The Hoboken Observer.
'l he Mon mouth Democrat
The Kearny Record.
Tbe HacKettstown Gazette.
The Somerset Messenger.
The Somerset Democrat
The Bergen County Democrat.
A Phase of the Proposition.
.: Ban Bernardino Ban. ; ;.
■ The man who settles \ bis private obligations
at the rate ot 50 cents on the dollar finds it
difficult to secure credit a second time, but the
political party which offers to make it possible
for a nation to thus scale down its indebted
ness dares to pose as benefactor ■to the people,
$ul asks t&eir eo&frtonce &ad support. - -
"THE CALL" SUSTAINED.
From the Jewish Times and Observer.
In "The Call" of Tuesday the editor, Charles lrLShortridge, made,
over his own signature, a plain statement of his relations with certain
members of the American Protective Association and thereby effectually
disproved all the rumors, charges and assertions that he had at any
time engaged with them in any attempt to use that organisation either
for political or other purposes. As a suit is now in the courts which
will bring out all the facts in the case on sworn testimony, the people
will soon be made perfectly familiar with the whole subject. In the
meantime Mr. Shortridge's statement will be accepted by all fair-minded
men as conclusive against the class of men who have assailed him, and
he will have the support oi all who, like him, stand for religious and
political freedom.
DANA'S MANIFESTO
New York Suu.
Sime personal response seems to be due
to the numerous friends who have sought from
me an expression of my individual opinion as
to the duty in the present campaign of those
who adhere to the principles which hitherto
have characterized the Democratic party.
The declaration of notions adopted in the
name of the Democracy by the Chicago con
vention is, for the most part, so hostile to the
doctrines which bave prevailed in the Demo
cratic party in the past, as to demand Its re
jection by all those who would not abandon
the Democracy's essential ideas and best tra
ditions.
Th c Chicago platform invites us to establish
a currency which will enable a man to pay his
debts with half as much property as he would
bave to use in order to pay them now. This
proposition is dishonest. Ido not say that all
the advocates of the free coinage of silver are
dishonest. Thousands of them, millions, if
there be so many, are doubtless honest in In
tention. But lam unable to reconcile with
any ideal of integrity a change in the law
which will permit a man who bas borrowed
a hundred dollars to pay his debt with a
hundred dollars each one of which is worth
only half as much as each dollar he received
from the lender.
The Chicago platform sanctions the use of
the appointing power of the President in such
a way as to control the Federal judiciary in
deciding questions of constitutional law. It
contemplates a change in the personnel of the
Supreme Court of the United States to the end
that the recent decision declaring the income
tax unconstitutional may be reversed. Btrange
times, indeed, are thes.e when a man is told
that in order to be a Democrat be must
favor the imposition of an income tax and
the destruction of the independence of the
judiciary.
Still more alarming is the clearly Implied
approval of lawless violence contained in the
denunciation of what is denominated in the
platform "government by injuction." Veiled
in tne language of moderation the wild light
of anarchy shines through.
In my opinion, without reviewing the Chi
cago platform further, the declarations in re
gard to the currency, the Supreme Court and
the income tax, and the repression of forcible
lawlessness by the aid of injunctions, are
enough to demand its rejection by all good
citizens and the defeat of the candidates who
stand upon it.
I regret exceedingly to find a, disposition
quite prevalent to array the West against the
East in the discussion of these matters. I see
no occasion for making our differences sec
tional. Here there is no political hostility
toward the West, such as is expressed toward
the East by some Western news papers and pub
lic speakers. Good citizens can perhaps best
aid the cause of honest money and law and
order by devoting more time to rational argu
ment and less to inefficient abuse.
All questions relating to the tariff have be
come insignificant for the time being, in view
of the possibility, however slight, that the ab
horrent principles of the Chicago platform
may prevail. The duty and the necessity to
oompass the final overthrow of that platform
by assisting in the defeat of William J. Bryan
are most imperative and solemn. This may
most oertainly be accomplished by voting for
the electors pledged to the support of William
M«Klnie'y; but I have no qmirrel with any
Democrat who adopts any other course which
seems to him equally well adapted or better
adapted to the same end. C. A. Dana.
AN ABSENT-MINDED MAN.
I will tell you while I can
Of an absent-minded man,
And an absent-minded man was ha,
Who forgot an unkind word
J ust us soon a* it was heard,
tiucli an absent-minded man was he.
In political debate.
Now. I can most truly state,
."inch an absent-minded man was he,
His opponent on the street
With a handshake he would greet,
Such an absen'.-minded man was he.
Once be left a goodly store
At a poor old widow's door.
Such a d absent-minded man was lie.
And, although 'twas all the same,
Quite forgot to leave his name,
Such an absent-minded man was he—
You see —
Such an absent-minded mun was be.
—St. Nicholas.
A DRESS WITH GUIMPES FOR
LITTLE GIRLS.
Dresses to be worn with guimpes are pre
ferred by many to those which are entirely of
the one fabric, as the white guimpes look
daintily childlike.
The one shown here has a quaint little waist,
to which the skirt is gathered. Cashmeres are
liked for these little gowns and may be bad in
many pretty shades.
Albatross is a soft, delicate and yet service
able fabric in young children's gowns.
The mixed wool goods of lighter weight are
used, with trimmings of band lace on the
waist and epaulettes. Cotton cheviots make
serviceable dresses, and launder beautifully.
Some of the new cotton crepons are shown in
very delicate colorings, which, nevertheless,
wash well.
THE CHAMPION OF LABOR.
Cleveland Leader.
:*. No man who has been in public life during
the past third of a century nas been a better or
truer .friend of the people than William * Mc-
Kinley. : His early associations were with men
who did hard work at the mills and furnaces
of Eastern | Ohio, and ,it was | his interest in
tneir J welfare which ' induced , him * upon ' his
first • election Ito Congress to begin - a careful
and close study ol the tariff question. "i All the
time he was a member of the House of Repre
sentatives he was a linn and consistent friend
of the workingmen, and an evidence : that he
is still regarded as their friend has been
furnished by the large delegations of workers
in the mills, potteries, mine* and I factories of
Eastern ?: Ohio, ;•■ Western Pennsylvania < and
West Virginia, who have gone to visit I him at
bis home since his. nomination for the Presi
dency. ■■-:- •..-,-.• ;■;.■■' .-■■,. * ■../-,.' . ■■-■',;,.■>•
■ Major McKinley has made many speeches in
which he has discussed the labor question, but
be said a fe -.,- things in his • Labor day address
at Cincinnati in 1891, which ought to be re
produced at this time. Here are a few senten
ces from that speech ::; ;^>X
There is nothing too good for the men who work.
.The I days | of rest and recuperation lln our busy,
pushing ; age are too few, altogether too few, and
the setting apart of this public holiday is a step
worthy of our | highest commendation, and I is an
•honorable recognition of labor, which Is the foun
dation tot s our wealth « And production. •>.♦ a •
>owhere in me world has the cause of labor, Its
rights and its dignities been more triumphant than
In the United States: slave labor bas been abol
ished and the workman makes his own contract!
and enters only Into voluntary employment. He
Is his own master: no man owus his laborer. He
Is reipecied and honored in every walk of life, he
has by merit forced his way to the very front rank
in muchanMm and invention, and bis trophies are
seen on every band.
The advantages which we enjoy as a people, 1 and
which crown the opportunities we enjoy above all
other nations, are the character and quality of our
labor. American workmen are as a body the
most Ingenious and intelligent of tbe world. • * *
The first duty of a nation Is to enact those laws
which will give to its citizens the widest oppor
tunity for labor and the best rewards for work
done. You cannot have (he best citizenship with
out these encouragements: and with us the best
citizenship Is required to secure the best govern
ment, tbe b*-st laws and their wise administration.
• • ♦ The labor of the country constitutes its
strength and Its wealth, and tbe better that-labor
is conditioned the higher its rewards, the wider its
opportunities and tbe greater Us comforts and re
finements the better will be our civilization, tbe
more sacred will be our homes, the more cap
able our children and tbe nobler will be the des
tiny which awaits us.
Does anybody doubt that William McKinley
as President would be as good a friend of labor
as he was during his long career as a member
of Congress? No man has been closer to the
people than the author of the tariff law under
which, in 1892, the country reached the high
est prosperity ever attained in its history, and
the cause oi the high admiration in which he
is held is bin sterling integrity both in public
and private affairs, bis unswerving patriotism
and his jealous regard for the financial honor
nnd material prosperity of tbe Nation. The
people cbose William McKinley as the stand
ard-bearer of the Republican |party, and they
will elect him to tne Presidency because he
stands for protection, sound money |and pros
perity.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Whet are your politics, my man?" asked
the portly visitor of the prisoner behind the
bars at the penitentiary.
"Well," replied the latter, hesitatingly, "I
haven't come out for anybody yet."— Buffalo
Times.
Aunt Dorothy— How many Commandments
are there, Johnny?
Johnny (glibly)— Ten.
Aunt Dorothy — And now, suppose you were
to break one of them?
Johnny (tentatively)— Then there'd be nine.—
Pick-Me-Up.
"Now, Johnnie, go and wash your face.
Auntie will call this afternoon."
"But what if she doesn't call?"— Brooklyn
Life.
Affable Stranger— Kindly tell me what time
tbe 4 o'clock train leaves T
Ticket Agent— Well, of all the chump ques
tions! Say, you'd better chase yourseUaway
before the depot falls on you.
Affable Stranger— Oh, never mind, if the
question Irritates you. I just wanted a little
information. I'm the new superintendent of
the road, you know.— Cleveland Post.
"Papa, what is a broker?"
"A man, my son, whose chief effort In life
is to reduce bis customers to tbat finan
cial condition expressed by the significant
term of 'broke.' For this reason, Harry, he is
called a broker."— vVashington Times.
Block — Riches do not bring happiness, my
son.
Chipp— Neither does poverty. And riches
do not prevent happiness, and poverty does —
Truth.
Husband (to wife, discussing family eriev
ance)—Oh, for heaven's sake be quiet. You
women, you can't reason. You ought to be in
cages in tbe Illogical Gardens I— Pick-Me-Up.
"Darling, you are the apple of my eye."
•*I don't see bow that can be. A moment
ago you said I was a peach."— New York Even
ing World.
"Dolly, Mr. Bigsby is slow in proposing. 1
should think you would be out of patience."
"Yes; but he says he began life as a messen
ger-boy."—Chicago Record.
THE TARIFF IS AN ISSUE
{New York Mail aud Expresp.J
The tariff cannot be side-tracked as an issue
in this campaign. This is a campaign of the
people against the politicians, and every ques
tion affecting the general welfare will inev
itably come to the front and be subjected to
the intense light of publio discussion. In all
the wide range of human inquiry there is no
question more vitally connected with the weal
of this country, with the thrift, contentment,
progress and security of the American people,
than is the protection policy of the Republican
party.
The American farmer, mechanic, merchant
and manufacturer knows this to be the fact,
and consequently cannot be deceived by thoae
who are politically and pecuniarily interested
in having this issue eliminated from the pres
ent campaign.
Every man of affairs whose occupation or
business, whether large or small, is dependent
upon American markets and domestic condi
tions, knows that the measure of his success is
determined by the average prosperity of tbe
masses. This is especially true of the farmer,
who is becoming more and more dependent
upon the home market for the sale of his
products. The foreign market is becoming
more and more uncertain each year, and, with
the exception of an occasional prospect of
war, can hold out little promise to the Ameri
can producer. The present demand on the
part of the British agriculturists ior increased
protection for their interests points to a change
in Great Britain-policy in thi» respect which
will make the English market closely re
stricted to foreign farm products.
The results of the protective policy are espe
cially seen in the fact that deposits in the sav
iniss'banks of the country were about doubled
during tne period from 1881 to 1893. It is
quite certain that both American laborers and
American capitalists would be glad to return
to that system which did so much to promote
and reward tne industries and enterprises that
Biirnallzed the last ten years of Republican
rule A careful and dispassionate study of the
protective system and its practical application
to production and trade will show that it was
devised with particular reference to the ad
vantage and welfare of those who depend upon
their dally toil lor their daily bread.
The Republican party is permanently
pledged to oppose all systems of finance and
economics tnat are essentially un-American
in theory and hostile to American interests
and industries in practice.
McKinley, protection and sound money con
stitute our slogan and give assurance of vic
tory and prosperity.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Canada proposes. to erect a monument to
John and Sebastian Cabot at Bristol, Eng.
'■■' A gown and wig are to be purchased for the
town clerk of Halifax at an inclusive cost of
£18. * ' ' . ■"' ""• ' ../■;■.
■if Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor, 85 years old, of Rich
mond, Intl., makes a living by "takingin wasn
■lng.";;;-;/--^ ;;.;;.;;____-;•;-;■;■ ; ..;;.; ; ■
Stereotyping was invented in 1729 by Wil
liam (led of the family of Balfrag, a goldsmith
in Edinburgh. • '^ > . ...»
■ General - Joubert :\ will ■ oppose ■; President
Kruger at the next • election for President of
the Transvaal. <; /
.'; . One of the New York leaders of the fashion
" able world has a collection |of over 1000 tea
pots, some of which are very valuable.
When Mrs. Stowe was questioned respecting
"Uncle Tom's * Cabin" she said: "I did not
write it. God wrote it, I merely did his dicta
tion."
> The : German ;, Emperor's favorite gift to any
one is a photograph of himself. The Indian
shawls of the Queen are no more characteristic
than the portrait of William 11. <
( Edward EntwisUo ; of Dei. Moiaes, *» lowa
claims the honor of having run the first pas
senger engine built, tbe Rocket, invented by
George Stephenson. For two years he made
two round trios every day between Liverpool
and Manchester.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Silk— E. S., Healdsburg,[Sonoma County, Cal.
For the information you desire about silk yon
might address Cheiiey Bros., manufacturers,
South Manchester, Hartford County, Conn.,
and the Hartford Silk Manufacturing Company
of Hartford, Conn. ■
Dba wing— G. R., City. The Call artists in
drawing for the paper use only the best kind
of cardboard. . If you call at any first-class
store where artists' materials are sold," you
will be advised as to the quality of board an
amateur should use, and you will also be told
what books are useful for* beginners.
No Sixteenth Amendment— An Old Patron,
Alameda, Cal." There is no sixteenth amend
ment to the constitution of the United States.
At different times during the past ten years
attempts have been made to tack on amend
ments, but they never got any further than
the rooms of the committee to which they
were referred. ■" •
No Vote This Time— E. W. M.,' City: Regis
tration cloaes in this City on Monday, August
10, and as you cannot become a citizen — that
is.you cannot receive your second papers— until
the 18th of next month, you cannot be regis
tered in time to vote at tho next election. No
one can have his name placed on the register
unless he is a citizen.
Woman Suffrage— lgnorance, City. In brief,
the movement in favor of woman suffrage is
to grant to woman the same right to vote that
is now granted to mala citizens, so that in
time they may bring about the repeal of ob
noxious laws and be equal before the law with
men. The advocates of the movement ex
press the opinion tnat such a result cannot be
Drought about without giving women the
ballot.
Gold Mines and Products— P. and D., City.
The richest gold mine is in Utica, in
Tuolumne County, Cal. There is no rule as to
what amount the richest ore will produce to
the ton. At Randsburg, Kern County, in this
State some ore is now being taken out that
will assay as high as $2000 to the ton. The
richest gold mines for a time were the
Standard and Bodie mines the ore was so rich
that it became necessary to hang up one half
of the stamps as the amalgam clogged the bat
teries. No gold mine has over produced $2000
out of each ton of ore that was taken from it.
No ore taken from a mine in Utah ever as
sayed $80,000 to the ton.
Authors Wanted— M. P., City, and H. W. R.,
Oakland, Cal. These correspondents want to
know the names of authors of poems. One
wants to know who wrote "Died on the Battle
Field," in which are the lines:
. The summer's sun was setting
On the old Virginia plain.
And the other wants to know who wrote the
poem in which are the lines:
Never by lapse of time,
The soul defaced by crime
Into its former self returns again,
For every guilty deed
■ Sows retribution's seed
And undying shame or pain.
Can any of our readers furnish tbe desired
information? - r ■
A Wife's Earnings— H. H. L., City. If a
married woman, living with her husband,
earns money, except it is the proceeds of her
separate property, it is community property.
The law says: "All other property acquired
after marriage by either husband or wife or
both is community property.". That is the
language after describing what separate prop
erty is. Under our law ''the husband has the
management and control of the community
property, with like absolute power of disposi
tion (other than testamentary) as he has of his
own separate property. Under these sections
of the law, the wife though she earned the
money, would not have the right to "hold out
one-half of her earnings and give the other
half toward the support of the family," unless
the husband saw tit to make her a present of
that half. It is only in the case of a wife liv
ing apart from her husband that she is entitled
to all her earnings. On this point the law says:
"The . earnings and accumulations •of the
wife and of her minor children living with her
or under her control while she is living sepa
rate from her husband, are the separate prop
erty of the wife." As to a wife loaning money
to her husband, she may loan out her separate
property to her husband and in the matter of
security she may demand the same that she
would of another person. .'The question as to
whether the wife could under certain circum
stances demand security is one of those ques
tions that demand a judicial interpretation
and which are not answered in this depart
ment.' _________________
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 25c*
■ . * , — # — •
Fresh lot of halibut from Alaska at foot of
Green street, 5c a pound. *
 ... . • — ♦ »
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb in Japanese
baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace. •
• * — ♦ »
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co,*
A nick present for Eastern friends. Town,
■end's Cal. glace fruits. 50c lb in Jap. baskets.*
•_■» — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
. --_, • — ■♦ — •
The Queen's Whaling: Excursion.
It is announced that the Queen, in addition
to the whaling ieature of the cruise (sailing
next Saturday afternoon), will also visit the
wrecked steamers St. Paul and Colombia. . The
trip is such a novel one ' that everybody seems
determined to go. - •
• — * — «
Mrs. Thomas Roy of Ottawa, Canada, died
recently leaving a will which directed that
her daughter should marry in twenty-four
hours or suffer the loss of her inheritance.
The lady was able ;to fulfill the condition, al
though the demand was very sudden,
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the O, A. R. «-,
St. Paul, to be held there September _to 5. Th)
excursion will leave s an Franclsoo and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7 p.m. Kates *67 90 for tin
round trip. The above rate is open to all who \vi si
to make tbe trip East. St'inl your name and al
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar.o;
treet, ban i'raDdsco. for .sleeping-car reservation*
Are You Going; East.'
Th« Atlantic and . .Pacific Railroad— nant» •*
route— is the coolest and moat comfortable sum
mer line, owing |to its . elevation and absence pi
alkali dust. Particularly adapted 'or the tr-rni
portatiou of families because ot | its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleepia;
cars, which run dally ', through from Oakland 1 1
Chicago,' leaving at a seasonable hour ' and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tlolc« .
et otiice, 644 '. Market ' btreet, Chronicle ouiltlluj.
Telephone, Main 1531.
7 .;> ! » » — • .' . .'-■:• . J■ f
■' Wjb recommend the nse of Dr. Slegert's Angos- .
tura Bitters to our mis who suffer with dyspep
sia. , ■ 'i; - ■ ■ ' ■
' Sexsiblf- — An old sea-captain writes to J. C.
Ayer& Co. that he never goes to 'sea without a
supply of Ayer's Pills.
The death of Due de Nemours recalls the fact
that the late Prince 1 Consort was in love with
the Duchess de Nemours when he and she
were in their teens at Coburg, and ever after
he felt an interest in her. :
NEW TO-DAY.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cream of taxuir baking powder. Highest ot
all In leavening streniitb.— Latest United State*
Government Pood Report.
BOVAL BAK.IX9 FOWBKB CO., K«W YorlC■■• -AUGUST 16.1J9J
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin THKATKB.- The Masqneraders."
California THKATK«.-"The Irish *""*".
Coichbia M -"The Great Unknown.
X obosco's opkba-B ou«— The Two Orphans."
Tivoli OPEBA.Horw,-«The Bohemian Girl.
rRPHxrM-Hleti-riass Vaudeville. - M _.
MACI.OJ.-OT-OH Thkatek (O*ku»d) - " The
Masqueraders, ' Monday evening.
tro Baths— Bathing and performances.
feßooT the CHUTES-DaUy « Halxht street,
one block east of the I'ark.
picnics amTlxcursions.
Mctbsion-To the Martin Mnrphy Homestead
Tract, near Mountain View, Saturday and Sun-
day, August 15 and 16.
Exccbsxon— Cagadero, Sunday, August 16,
AUCTION SALES.
By L. H. BtJßD— This day (Saturday), Hard-
ware, at 1328 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
BvEastov <fe Ki/dridgk.— August 18,
Beal Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
By Easton & Eijjbidge.— Saturday, August
22, Keal Estate, at Mountain View, Santa Clara
Co., at 1 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Albert T. Cox was yesterday Indicted by the
United States Grand Jury for perjury.
Partly cloudy, brisk to high westerly windi
is what the Weather Bureau offers for to-day.
Registrar Hinton says that the registration
lista have not been stuffed to any great extent
Judge Hunt yesterday granted a divorce to
Mary Gibbs Hoburg from Attorney Irank T.
Hoburg.
James G. Blame Republican Club had a rous
ing meeting at K. R. B. Hall, on Mason street,
last night.
The Hing Chung Woey Association has or
ganized a branch in this city with a member
ship of fifty.
The State Floral Society met yesterday in
the Palace Hotel and discussed the amaryllis
and its culture.
The whaling crews that are to go out on the
Fearless next Saturday were on a practice
spin yesterday.
The Bank Commissioners have received the
semi-annual reports of the savings and com
mercial banks of this City.
Consternation reigns in Federal circles be
cauaeof certain impurities discovered in the
water during the last few days.
Arthur Arlington, alias Llewelyn Miller,
alias Charles Holraans, was indicted for forg
ery by the Grand Jury yesterday.
At a social of the Native Sons of Vermont
last night the ladies voted by a large majority
that they wanted woman's suffrage.
John Mills, district engineer of the Fire
Department, will receive the first medal from
the Scannell fund on Tuesday next.
Fairmount property-owners suggest that the
Pesthouse be located on a hulk in the bay. but
anyway not in the Almshouse Tract.
P. B. Cornwall testified before the Grand
Jury yesterday. The inquiry reearding seven
of the Supervisors will not be abandoned.
Burglars entered the residence of Fred
Marriott on Green street twice in six months
and carried away all the valuables they found.
The official inquiry into tne cause of the
wreck of tne steamer St. Paul was held before
v.sing Inspector Bermingham yesterday.
Alger Cemp No. 4, Army ai.d Navy Republi
cau League, held an enthusiastic meeting
Ttiuraday evening. Loud was indorsed for
Congrees.
A further study of the Japanese labor ques
tion shows chat America would suffer without
a protective tariff against cheap goods from
the Orient.
The Woman Suffrage State Central Commit
tee h?\d a conference yesterday with the presi
dents and officers of the Alameda County suf
frage clubs.
The Congregation Nevah Zedeck has elected
the Rev. Joseph Rosenbaum of Denver as
- for the ensuing year. He will officiate
Saturday at 9 a. m.
Yesterday Judgo Coffey in the matter of the
estate of Lucy (juodspeed denied respondent's
motion to strike out parts of the contest and
sustained the demurrer.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the decision
in the People vs. Romer, and reversed these in
Fhikt-Iday re. The Omnibus Cable Company
and Pleasant vs. Samuels.
Oliver Winfield Winthrop. the alleged kia
naper of Millionaire James A. Campbell, se
cured three more days before Judge Wallace
In which to be arraigned.
Two more of C. A. Worth's horses died
yesterday, making fifteen m all. The remain
ing one ot the sixteen in the stable was not
fea with the poisoned feed.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has not yet delegated any one to
represent the Board of Supervisors before the
State Board of Equalization.
Harry Collins, saloon-keeper, 30 Stockton
street, swore to a complaint yesterday charg
ing George Harritu, his discharged Japanese
porter, with malicious mischief.
Captain Gii!«jr.'s watch, in voting on Mrs.
Cooper's proposition of a police kindergarten,
demanded a' secret ballot and defeated the
plans Dy a vote of about three to one.
The United States Grand Jury Is considering
evidence of a most sensational character re
lating to what appears to be malicious perse
cution of a young lady by a former friend.
The People's party have decided to place no
candidate for Congress In the Fourth District
field. They will nominate Taylor Rodters at
Sr.n Jose to-day for Congress from the Fifth.
The Labor Council passed resolutions last
night condemning the action of the jury in
convicting William Edmund, the Socialist
speaker, for conducting an open-air meeting.
I'eter Lenno committed suicide yesterday
morning because lie was afflicted with an in
cu;able disease. R. A. Dicker-on also ended
his lift; because he lost his position some weeks
ago.
A half a score of aspiring embrionic actresses
were hurled to the ground yesterday by their
t'.acher, Frederick Belasco, for the edification
oi a Call reporter, to prove that stage falls are
pleasurable.
The Civic Federation met in secret session
last night in tne Mills bui.dine and adopted
the report of its Committee on Political Action
recommending that a full municipal ticket be
put in the field.
The St. Andrew's Society gave an evening of
music and song in honor of the one hundred
and twenty-fifth anniversary of the birth of
Sir Walter Scott. The oration was delivered
by the Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge.
Four boys— Benny Smith, 14 years of age;
George Smith, 11; Patrick Di'.lon, 16. and
Frank Herrict, 16— were am sted yesterda»
morning for breaking into the saloon and gro
cery of John Harris, 439 Grove street.
Daniel Bowman, alias Whipple, a well-known
pickpocket, was booked at the City Prison yes
terday on the charge of burelary at the room
of Daniel McCoy, 142 Seventh street, and two
others have been arrested on suspicion.
William Edlin was found guilty by a jury in
Judge Low's court yesterday of obstructing
the sidewalk while making a Socialist Labor
party speech, recently at Foisom and Sixth
streets, and he will be sentenced this morning.
A pointer dog was picked up by two boat
men near the whistling buoy yesterday. It is
supposed to have jumped overboard lrom the
b.irkentine S. N. (astie and started to swim
ashore. It was almost dead from exhaustion
when picked up.
Queen Emma of the Bismarck Island* and
hf-r hnsband. Lieutenant Peter Koibe. arrived
here yesterday en route home after six months
In Ku'rope. They will sail on the Monowal in
ab<ut a week. The queen is worth millions in
cotton, coffee and cocoanut plantations and
s lores.
The Canadian Pacific presented its resiena
ti'>:; as a member of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association, but the American roads
threatened to boycott the line, which immedi
ately reconsidered its action. The boycott
proposition was a success and the association
remains intact.
Marion inglis, who recently sued her bus
band for alimony and to prevent him leaving
the State or di.-posing of miring stocks, while
she did not want a divorce, is now suing for
divorce. Her former attorney nas been dis
carded and Mr. Miller, her husband's counsel
in those suits, now represents her.
The Board of Health, accompanied by Chief
of Police 'rowley and Fire Chief Sullivan,
made an official inspection of Chinatown yes
terday. A large number of objectionable
places were vi-it d and their sanitary condi
tion noted. Tnis morning the bourd will meet
ami take acnon for the closing up of such
places, pending proceedings against the prop
erty-owners thereof.
Rev. Dr. Wendte in an interview yesterday
declared that he firmly adheres to the views
hitherto enunciated by him to the effect that
it would be merciful to provide means to end
the lives of persons suffering with painful and
incurable illness. The decision should be in
tne hands of a commission which should be at
liberty to consider the p*-tttlei for relief from
Buffer-Ins: presented oy a. sufferer only with tbe
consent bi the sufferer's ianv.ly. Others have
been interviewed concerning the views of Rev.
Dr. Wendte. /
Four Whaling GreWs Were Out Practicing yesterday. They JtaWed at a Smart pace as Far as the Rolling Mills and Then Sailed Back With the Ebb Jide. When
Off Glay-Street Wharf Jhey Went Through the Evolutions Practiced in Catching and Killing Whales.
A DOG'S BRAVE
LIFE STRUGGLE,
'jumped Overboard in the
Ocean and Started for
Shore.
PICKED UP BY BOATMEN.
Captain Hubbard of the S. N.
Castle Mourning the Loss
of His Pet.
FOUR WHALING CREWS AT WOEK
Their Practice Spins Along the Front
Attract Considerable Atten
tion.
The whalers had an outing on the bay
yesterday. They were out for a practice
cruise, and after pulling at a smart pace to
the rolling mills they set sail and came
along the front on the last of the ebb tide.
The big tug Fearless was in the group,
and off Goat Island a number of evolu
tions were gone through. A whale was
sighted, sail was at once lowered and the
boats started in pursuit. All the tactics
followed in approaching, harpooning and
killing the phantom monster were gone
through with, and then the boats re
turned to Clay-street wharf in triumph.
It was a great exhibition and thousands
of people watched it from the various
piers between. Lombard and Foisom
streets. All the boats will be out prac
ticing every day next week, so the whalers
are sure to be in good condition next
Saturday. rikifa
The great race for the perpetual chal
lenge cup will be sailed to-day. Last year
El Sueno won it for the Encinal Yacht
Club and this year the Fawn and Cath
erine will contest for the trophy. Both
yachts have been practically rebuilt for
this event and an exciting contest will
follow. The steamer Caroline, Captain
j Leale, will follow the race;
Captain H. Z. Howard, superintendent
of the Oceanic Steamship Company, was
around the water front again yesterday.
He lias been away on a vacation to Skaggs
Springs and returns as bright and chipper
jas a schoolboy. Captain Howard is an
j honored member of the shipping frater
! nity and everybody was delighted to see
him once again in harness.
The steamer Monowai will sail for Aus
tralian ports next Thursday with an over
flowing cargo. She has on board nearly a
thousand tons of flour, oil ; doors, hops,
canned goods and nails. R. B. de Lopez
is sending down four trotters and some
one else has a shipment of greyhounds on
the manifest. The vessel will, as usual,
take a large number of passengers, among
whom will be the Hon. James Mills, man
ager of the Union Steamship Company of
New Zealand. •■ >
Henry Peterson will not go to the Vancou
ver (B. C.) regatta and carnival. The best
prize offered is $500 for professional single
sculls and the champion says that sum
would not even pay his expense?.
The schooner F. W. JewettCsafla in a
few days for Alaska with a full cargo of
machinery, lumber and general merchan
dise. Hitherto all the ore from the Apol
lo Consolidated gold mine has been
brought to San Francisco for treatment.
The company is now going •• to erect its
own mill and will treat the quartz on
Unga Island. Ail the cargo on tue jewett
is for the new mill.
The halibut schooners Freia and Nor
man Lund did a rushing business yester
day. The fish were only 5 cents a pound
and over 3500 pounds were sold during the
day. The two vessels brought down 32,
--000 pounds between them, but the cap- 1
tains expect to sell it all before Wednes
day next. The fish are packed in ice and
will keep for months.
It took the fisherman just seventy hours
to take all the fish aboard. Lines 1000
fathoms long were run out and on one line
J 2000 pounds of fish were taken in one
haul.
"Hoodlum Harry" distinguished him
self on Jackson-street wharf ia»t Thursday
night. He saved his enemy "Bum" Flynn
from drowning and added to the coals of
fire by drying and feeding him. Flynn
had been in the water twenty minutes be
fore Harry went to his - assistance. He
had been hanging to- the piles and the
barnacles had torn the clothes of his arms
and terribly lacerated bis legs. This morn
ing he was able to be about again, but ap
peared; worn and haggard and could not
be persuaded to take even a steam beer. la
The T. C. "Walker and Mary ' Garratt I did
each other «ome damage in the San Joa
quin River last Thursday night. The Gar
ratt was on her way to San Francisco and
the Walker signaled her to r come : along
side. In doing so ; the I wind caught the
Garratt and threw her against the Walker,
doing damage to the extent of $100. : •
Yesterday morning the barken tine 8. N.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AtJGUST 15, 1896.
Castle sailed for Honolulu. Captain Hub
bard took a well-bred pointer to sea with
him, but while the vessel is now well out
to sea tbe dog is back ashore. About noon
Dave Crowley and R. Sennett of
the Golden Shore were witt.in a
couple of miles of the whistling bnoy on
the outlook for incoming ships. Suddenly
they saw something swimming in the
water, and in pulling toward it discovered
a pointer dog. They pulled it aboard,
and then discovered that the poor brute's
hindquarters were almost paralyzed. They
rubbed and worked over it, and finally
after two hours' labor they brought him
around. The Castle went out on the early
morning tide, and the dog must have been
four or five hours in the wa(;er before he
was picked ud.
The Pacific Coast steamer Santa Uruz
arrived from the wrecked St. Paul, now
lying on the rocks of Point Pinos light,
witn the following taken from the strand
ed vessel's cargo: Twenty-nine boxes
three kees and two tubs of butter, two
cases of honey, twenty-two cases of eggs,
432 sacks of barley, seventy-two boxes of
lemons, one case of dry goods, one case of
Diamond dyes, seventy-five calves, one
sack. of beans and one box of fruit.
DESTROYED GOOD LIQUOR.
George Harritu, a Japanese Porter, Ac
cused of Malicious Mischief.
Harry Collins, a saloon-keeper at 30
Stockton street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Low's court yesterday charging
George Harritu, a Japanese, with ma
licious mischief.
The Japanese was employed as a porter
by Collins, but was discharged last Tues
day. That night Collins on going to his
storeroom found the door locked and he
could not effect an entrance. Next day he
procured a duplicate key, and on entering
the storeroom he found his pood liquor
mixed indiscriminately on the floor. The
bunpholes in all the casks were open,
showing that some person had maliciously
caused the damage.
Collins suspected his discharged porter,
and yesterday he swore to the complaint
for his arrest. He places his loss at $500.
BURGLARS CAME AGAIN,
The Residence of Frederick
Marriott of the News Let
ter Entered.
The Thieves Considerately Lett the
Carpet and Some Heavy Pieces
of Furniture Behind.
The residence of Frederick Marriott, the
proprietor of the News Letter, at 1016
Green street, was visited by burglars a few
nights ago and everything worth carrying
away was taken by the uninvited guests.
They made their way in by smashing a
large pane of plate glass in the front door,
and by that means were enabled to shoot
back the bolt of the spring lock.
No more choice locality for their calling
could have been found in the City. Mr.
Marriott's house is located near the sum
mit of Russian Hill, between Jones and
Leavenworth, where the shadow of a po
liceman is seldom if ever seen. Besides,
at any time after 8 o'clock in the evening
the locality is as quiet and lonely as a
graveyard.
The house has been unoccupied for some
time, as Fred Marriott and his brother
Edwin are living across the bay in Oak
land for the summer, leaving the dwelling
on the hill in charge of a faithful servitor
of the family, whose duty it is to attend
to tbe flowers in tbe garden and see that
the front gate is kept closed so stray goats,
cannot enter and destroy the plants.
Great was his astonishment a few morn
ings ago when he opened the front gate
ana discovered the broken glass in the
door. He at once communicated his
discovery to the owner, who saw at once
that the place had been robbed. He
notified Captain Lees, and men were put
on the case immediately.
; Thisjis the second time within six months
that Mr. Marriott's house has been robbed.
On the former visit everything worth car
rying away was taken, and it may be pre
sumed that it was the same thieves who
plundered ths place on the former occa
sion that paid the second visit, thinking,
perhaps, that additional wealth had been
placed there to make up for the lost arti
cles taken on the previous occasion. The
los? has not been estimated, but it was
seen that almost a clean sweep had been
maae.
• — ♦ — •
Whisky for Consumption.
Most physicians admit that whisky can
be used to good advantage and with excel
lent results in consumption. It should be
pure and good, however. Tbe Jesse Moore
brand fills the bill, for it is pure and good.
The Jesse Moore-Hunt Company, San
Francisco and Louisville.
Located the Ballet.
The physicians at St. Luke's Hospital have,
located the bullet that entered the face of S. C.
Nichols, who was shot on the Jersey Farm
ranch a few days since.
This will obviate the necessity of using the
Cathode ray, as was contemplated in case the
ball could not be located.
Theater Parties.
There bas been an unusual number of
theater parties at tbe principal theaters
this week, and after tbe show many have
adjourned to tbe Cafe Zinkand for refresh
ments. The place has been crowded every
night this week after tbe performances.
SIR WALTER SCOTT
AND HIS WORKS,
His Memory Honored by
St. Andrews
Society.
AN EVENING OF SONG.
A Man Who Never Wrote an
Impure Thought in All
His Work.
ORATORY HONORS POETRY.
Address on the Life and Works of
the Great Scotchman by Hon. -
S-rauei M. Saortridga.
The loyalty of Scotland's sons and
daughters toward the honored dead of
their own land was fittingly shown last
night by the St. Andrews Society, the
members of which assembled in Scottish
Hall to celebrate the one hundred and
twenty-fifth anniversary of the birth of
bir Walter Scott.
An elaborate programme of music and
song had been prepared with the view of
reviving tender memories of the old land,
and the programme was so well carried
out that the evening's entertainment
proved to t>e one of the most delightful
ever given by the club.
The overture, "Lays of Abbottsford," by
St. Andrews Society, proved to be a veri
table gem, the violin solo "Annie Laurie"
and thb cornet solo "Mary of Argyle" be
ing playea with all the tenderness and ex
pression required by the music and the
words of those two immortal songs. Mrs.
Susie Hert Mark displayed a beautiful
voice and most charming expression in
"My Love Is Like a Red, Red Rose" and
other songs.
The quartet singing by Mrs. S. L. An
derson, Miss Nellie Anderson, George St.
John Bremner and George Bremner was
sweet and effective, particularly "O Hush
Thee, My Baby." George Bremner's
comic scotch solos were a veritable treat.
Robert Howden, who sang "McGregor's
Gathering," gave it out that he was suf
fering from a cold. After his fine, clear
tenor was heard the people who applauded
him wondered how he sang when he was
feeling quite well. J. F. Fleming sang
"Blue Bonnets Over the Border" in excel
lent style. James A. Keane and Miss
Lelia Hill appeared in a laughable sketch
entitled, "A Pair of Lunatics." The
pleasures of the evening were concluded
with a dance.
By special request of the society Hon.
Samuel M. Shortridge delivered an address
upon the life, character and works of Sir
Walter Scott. The speaker captured his
audience at the start and held it until the
close. The following are extracts from
the address:
Ladies and gentlemen: It is a very great
pleasure and a matter of very great pride to
me to be able to look into your faces here to
night and to pay my poor tribute to one of
Scotlaud's sons, whose genius, whose good
ness has won for him a blessed immortality.
This occasion Is particularly pieasing because
of tbe fact, not very loudly heralded in San
Francisco or elsewhere, but nevertheless it is
the fact, that whatever good there is In me I
attribute to my Scotch ancestry, and when
you mix a little Scotch with a slight touch of
Irish yon have a combination very hard to
beat. [Applause.]
The patriotism of Sir Walter Scott stands out
as the brightest star in the history of letters
and of Scotland. You may study his poems
and his prose works, and while you may find
mucn that is tender, essentially beautiful,
true and sublime, you will find even more ot
tnat whicn teaches every man to love the land
of his birth and to be true to the cause of his
country.
The speaker raised a laugh by saying
that Sir Walter "was 35 years old before
he took to literary work — almost as old as
Mr. Bryan."
In commenting upon the poems "Mar
mion," "Lay of the Last Minstrel," "Lady
of the Lake," and the other shorter poems
in which there breathed the spirit of mar
tial music, the speaker said that they
were not of the passionate type of the
work of Byron nor of the transcendantly
vague and beautiful style of Shelley, but
they were of humble sentiment, breathing
patriotism; every note of music a trum
pet call to stir the heart of Scotland and
of the rest of Europe as nobody else had
up that time, unless it had been that other
Scotchman, dearly beloved Bobby Burns.
Scott was in the ascendancy of his lame
as a poet when he turned from poetry to
prose and gave to the world the immortal
Waverley novels. "How poor the world
would be," added the speaker, "how
sterile Scotland would seem if you would,
take from her literature the prose work of
Sir Walter Scott!"
In commenting upon the poet's bank
ruptcy, caused by his venture as a pub
lisher after he had served the people as
Sheriff, Mr. Shortridge said:
That was after he was Sheriff. I don't know
whether Sir Walter Scott made as much
money as Sheriff as some of the Sheriffs of San
Francisco have been reported to earn— how
much I do not know, because I have never
been the attorney for the Sheriff.
Stress was laid upon the fact that the
works of Sir Walter were pure in tone.
From the beginning to the end of them
there breathes a spirit of purity which
elevates all the sentiments, which chastens
and refines the human mmd — a marked
contrast to the vile literature of the
present generation, which future genera
tions will regard as a b'ot upon our age.
Then the speaker concluded:
As a man it is recorded of the poet that he
never said an unkind word to any human
being. The servants about him simply adored
and worshiped Mm. He was simple, kind,
generous and trustful. As a writer his
thoughts were pure and elevated and were
conducive to the betterment of mankind and
the elevation of the race.
The speaker was rewarded with a pro
longed round of applause at the close.
Dancing till the stars began to pale
ended tbe evening's entertainment.
A SUCCESSFUL CLEW.
The Men Who Stole Daniel McCoy's
Diamond Cross and Other Jew
elry Under Arrest.
The room of Daniel McCoy, a drayman,
at 142 Seventh street, was entered about a
| week ago and his valuable diamond cross
j and several articles of jewelry belonging
I to a lady friend were stolen.
The burglary whs reyorted to the police,
ana Policeman W. F. Brophy was specially
detailed on the case and was not long in
getting a clew to the burglars, which he
followed up with marked success. On
Tuesday he arrested a young man who
gave the name of Daniel Bowman, and
succeeded in recovering the cross, wuich.
| Bowman had sold for $30. The man who
■ purchased the cross identified Bowman,
i and yesterday morning Brophy booked
him for burglary. Detective Gibson
1 recognized Bowman as Daniel Bowman
Whipple, a well-known pickpocket.
Bropliy continued his investigations.
' and yesterday morning arrested the other
j young men whom lie has reason to be
lieve were implicated in the burglary.
, They were placed in the "tanks," pending
developments.
McCoy has been unlucky with his cross,
! which contains eleven diamonds. Some
! three or four months ago it was stolen by
I Nicholas Feldman, who claimed he was a
relative of Sir Robert Peel. Detectives
Gibson and Wren arrested Feldman, and
he got a year in San Quentin. The cross
! was recovered, but the diamonds had dis
! appeared. McCoy reset it with diamonds,
! and it was again stolen last week and
I again recovered by Brophy.
ALL DEAD BUT ONE.
The Survivor of C. A. Worth's Sixteen
Horses Did Not Fat Any of the
Poisoned Feed.
Two more of Charles A. Worth's horses
died yesterday, one in the afternoon and
the other toward evening. This brings
the number up to fifteen. Ail the horses
that partook of the choped food have died
from the effects of the arsenic which was
mixed with it in large quantities. Mr.
Worth had sixteen fine draft horses fa
his stables on Golden Gaje avenue, and
now the only survivor of them all is one
that hapeened to have a sore mouth and
was given specially prepared food, not
eating any of that fed to tbe others.
The outrage is still enveloped in mys
tery, no clew as to the identity of its per
petrator having been discovered. How
ever, the affair is being investi ated with
all diligence, and if the criminal can be
ferreted out he will doubtless be dealt
with according to his deserts.
ROBBED HIS EMPLOYERS.
B. E. Dunn Arrested on the Charge of
Grand Larceny.
B. E. Dunn, foreman for the Merten
Manufacturing Company, 210 Davis street,
was arrested last night by Detective Cody
and Private Detective Curtin ana booked
at the City Prison on the charge of grand
larceny.
The company manufactures coffee,
spices and other articles, and for some
time they had been missing some of their
goods. They suspected Dunn and Curtin
was employed to watch him. He suc
ceeded in tracing a barrel of cream of tar
tar valued at $30. which Dunn had sold to
R. 'Gallardo, 511 Eighteenth street, for
$40. Curtin commuuicated this fact to the
company and an examination of the books
showed that Dunn had made no return for
the article. Dunn's arrest was then decided
upon.
The full extent of the company's loss
will not be known for some time, but they
say it will amount to a considerable sum.
Judge Wallace's Sentences.
Judge Wallace yesterday sentenced James H.
Cummings to ten years in San Qnentin for ob
taining monpy under false pretenses. Cum
mings was convicted of swindling a Santa
Rosa farmer of $5000 in a land deal. He had
a prior conviction against him.
Frank Tunlin was sent to Foisom for two and
a half years for grand larceny.
• — «. — • <
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
• Says a Price Was Not Named.
P. Alferitz states there is no truth in the
common report that he refused $20,000 for
his lot at Montgomery avenue and Vallejo
street, or that he a«ked $25,000. The Luning
estate wanted the lot very badly but failed to
get it. mm *
The Press on Neagle In Barry's Stan •
AFTER ANTITOXINE SERUM
The Board of Health Fears an
Epidemic of Diph
theria.
At the Special Meeting Tc-Day Meas
ures Will Be Formu
lated.
At its meeting to-morrow the Board of
Health will consider ways and means of
procuring a stock of antitoxine from the
National authorities, with a view of check
ing the threatened epidemic of diphtheria
that bas worried tbe health authorities
since the early days of the month.
When cases of tbe dread disease began
to be reported from south of Market street
the board made every effort to check it
without avail.
Delia Ratto was the first to be reported
from 1331 Natoma street, her case being
followed bythoseof Geovanni and Theresa
Ratto of 1519 Howard street. The families
of the stricken cnilclren are relatives, and
the disease had spread before' the quaran
riv^ BEW TO-PAT. _ -^-,_ l - l _ l -.^ i
There is tea at a fabulous
price that gives more pleas-
ure (if you don't think of
I the money it costs) than
\ Schilling's Best But there
iis no tea at anything like
the price that has the pecul-
• iar charm of Schilling's Best
The reason is plain : the
I tea you are drinking was
I roasted long ago in China
I or Ceylon or Japan/or some-
j where else way off. Schil-
I lings Best is roasted in San
Francisco and goes to you
quick, , if your grocer does
his part.
Sold only in packages.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco - ' 849
NEW TO-I*AT— AMUSEMENTS. J i
TrTrT^HUTEa
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS.
FIEEWOEKPTOIGHT!
CELEBRATION OF
PACIFIC PARLOR.No.IO
N. S. C. W.
conn Fredericks; Demon Cyclist,
WILL COAST THE CHUTEa
Sunday Afternoon — Balloon Ascension
By Emii MARKEBERG,
ADMISSION— IO CK.NT3.
Children, including Merry-Go-Kound Hide, 5 cent*
MACDONOUGH THEATER •
-;;• (Oakland.) •„
Fbiidlaksier. GOTTLOU& Co., Xiessee»<feMana(i«rs
WILL REOPEN FOB THE SEASON WITH
Charles Frohman's Empire Theater Co.
, ■ Monday And Wednesday— " The Masqaeraders."
Tuesday — «VJiohemia." Wednesday: Matinee—
" Benefit of tnVDoubt." . . :.
i/XIJRAND PAVILION
( dis i»ux^r. *-
pELEcfßicMoTive Power
fa Transmitted fßOty foLSOM
EXCURSION RATES.
r-;- 1 ;' NEW TO-DAT.
| Woman's Writes |
I — • i
 ! ? Believe in Woman's Writes? \\ ,
( I Of course we do. Who , could § '
: ! > help it when women write such \ ( [
(^ convincing words .as these : ■■ | '
■■-• ! I "For seven years I suffered § !' '
\l> with scrofula. I had a good
physician. Every means of Si
|>> \ cure was tried in vain. At last (' [
<[> I was told to try Ayer'a Sarsa- | >
(') parilla, t which entirely cured < ,
( l me after using seven bottles." «
1[ —Mrs. John A. GKntle, Fort j\
; Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. -
; Ayer's Sarsaparilla |
• •Will COl •
tine of the authorities could be established.
Mr?. Ratto of 3337 Eighteenth street, also
a relative of the family where the disease
first appeared, was the next to be reported,
and then Willie Ratto of 1331 Natoma
street was taken down. '
Since the first of the month fifteen cases
have been reported from various localities,
two of the patients having died." The
board does not fear a genuine epidemic if
a proper supply of antitoxine can be pro
cured.
An immediate application will be made
for the iife-saving serum. V. : ;
• — * — •
James G. Fair's Gift.
Judge Slack yesterday made an order per
mitting the special administrators of the Fair
estate to pay a subscription of $1000 to the
Mercantile Library Association, which sub
scription was made before the death of Jamci
G. Fair.
NEW TO-DAI- AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
. . — LAST—
I' 2 Performances.
J Performs.
CALDWIf^ Matinee To-I> By .
*^>*- w " "^ Farewell To-JTight.
. CHARLES FROHM a >-S
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY !— .
From the Empire Theater, New York.
The Great Drama by Henry Arthur Jones,
THE MASQUERADERS
INEXT MONDAY— LAUGHING EVENT!
THE GAY PARISIANS!
" W. J. FEKGCSOX, SADIE MARTLN'OT,
; and the Original Great Cast.
I——— '.' ' ■"■ ' iikIATINEE TO-DAY,
' A. AT THE g « TO-NIGHT.
LALIFOrNIA sunday NIGHT.
W*IIT VKnim LAST 3 TIMES.
THE BWEKT SINGER,*
CHAUNGEY OLCQTT
In the Successful Comedy Drama,
THE IRISH ARTIST.
By Augustus Pitou and George H. Jessop.
NEXT WEEK '—
"THE MIXSTKEL OF CLARE. " j
i -
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
hito. tM icnixk Kkxlino, l'roprioior &.>i^ii-i;ji
Sixth Week of the Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hinkiukj.
TO-NIGHT,
LA 8 r TIME,
BALFE'S BALLAD OPERA,
THE BOHEMJAN GIRL!
———To-morrow Evening
LAST TIME
MEYERBEER'S CLASSIC WORK,
THE HUGUENOTS!
NEXT WEEK—
VEBDI'S EVER POPULAR OPERA,
" 11. TROVATORE."
First Appearance of MISS FLORA FINLAYSOX,
Prima Donna Contralto.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
; — — —
TrtiCDlAflotß.C-OrTU)D*» o»- uijt3A.T»rur»aU!>—
: FIRST MATINEE TO LAUGH
To Your Heart's Content.
Nothing Ever Offered as Funny as
THE GREAT UNKNOWN
Augustin Daly's Charming Comedy,
Presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
In Their Usual Masterly Style.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB.
> The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
Waltek iIOKOSUO. Sola Lease** aaa MaiUKdC
A Revelation of Histrionic Art!
"THE TWO ORPHANS"
Presented on the Most Elaborate Scale
Ever Given in This City.
Third Week of JAMES 31. BROPHY. ;
Prof. Chas. F. Grabber's Mandolin and Guitar Club.
The full depth of the mammoth stage used for th«
| first time in 10 years.
Evening Prices — 25c and 500.
Family l.lrcl* and Gallery, 10&
Usual vatinees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Furrell c tre»t. lutwwn J'focltton nn<J Powf 1 . .
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), August 15.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c
■ ■--■ Children. 10c, any par.
THE ROARIXG SUCCESS of the SEASON
T. -A-. Bd3KTX<rjE3X>-sr:
Th« Hypnotist.in a seance of Fun and Merriment.
THE FOUK NELSON SISTERS.
BIONDI ■ BLACK PATH
TECHOVV'S CAT CIRCUS— —
Only 1 Night More of Staley & Bisbeck.
And a Great Vaudeville Company.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. if. Until 11 p. if.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
General Admission— Adults oc. Children sc.
'■\__ EXCURSIONS. ■_'___
EXCURSIONS
TO THE
MARTIN MURPHY
HOMESTEAD TRACT,
SUBDIVISION NO. 6,
Half Mile from the Flourishing Town of
SATURDAY, AUG. 15, 1896,
ALSO
SUNDAY, AUG. 16, 1896.
■Leaving Third i and Townsend Street Depot at,
- 10:40 o'clock a. M., returning leave ; Mountain
::„ View at 3:17 and 5:24 o'clock p. m. :
: Our land surveyor will be upon the train and see
that all excursionists upon arrival at Mountain
View are comfortably seated in i*rriages and ac-
company:: them - to . the . laud, visiting each sub-
division and explaining any points desired.
$150— RoHnd-Trip] Tickets— sl.so
.For catalogues and further particulars inquire of
EASTON, KLDIIIDGK & CO., '
638 Market st. Auctioneer*.
78
A TARIFF WOULD SAVE US FROM THE JAPANESE
There is nothing that the champions of
free trade can offer as a remedy against
the inundation of the country by cheap
goods from the Orient, and a protective
tariff, wisely adjusted to the needs of
American labor, is the only remedy the
brain of political economists has yet de
vised.
It was shown in a general way in yester
day's Call that, while the country is not
now suffering from an invasion of Japa
nese goods, the danger is not so remote as
to quiet alarm. The wise man is he who
provides against future calamities. The
man, be lie statesman or patriotic citizen,
who lives heedless of the future is like an
Indian who dies leaving no more estate
than a horse or a woif leaves. Bryan him
self dwelt on the duty of looking out for
posterity in his recent New York speech.
It might well be asked what the future of
this country would be if posterity were
left to the hard luck of such competition
as free trade leaves.
Japan is industrious and cunning
enough to provide for the market of the
Orient and then reach out for the larger
markets of Western civilization. It is
then that American artisans would be
compelled to meet conditions that are
wholly un-American, and it is under such
a system that wages would sink to a mini
mum below anything ever seen in the
New World. It is well, under such cir
cumstances, to study still more carefully
the details concerning Japanese work and
wages.
When Colonel Henry Pierce, a well
known business man of St. Louis, was In
San Francisco about a year ago, on his
way from the Orient, where he Had made
a thorough study of industrial conditions,
he said:
"On ail sides I have been amazed at the
cunnine, industry and endurance of the
little brown men. They are entering
upon an industrial career that is sure to
do harm to every nation where the West
ern standards prevail unless checked by
wi-e legislation."
In the same tone recently spoke Manu
facturer John Buel of Massachusetts after
a thorough study of Japan and her indus
tries.
BOYS CHARGED
WITH BURGLARY.
Accused of Breaking Into a
Grocery and Sa
loon.
CAUGHT IN THE CELLAR
One of Them Intoxicated From
Imbibing Too Much of the
Stolen Liquor.
THIY ALL DENY THE CHABGE-
Claim That They Were Playing Hide
and Seek When The Policeman
Arrested Them.
Four boys whose ages range from 11 to
16 were booked at the City Prison yester
day morning on ths charge of burglary.
rhe Four Young Defendants Arrested Yesterday on a Charge of Burglary.
They are: George Burke, 11; Benny
Smith, 14; Patrick Dillon, 16, and Frank
Herrick, 16.
When the wife of John Harris, grocer
and saloon-keeper, 439 Grove street,
opened the store yesterday morning and
went into the saloon, she saw that some
one had been there before her. Several i
bottles of liquor, two or three boxes of
cigars, plugs of tobacco and a number of
bottles of sarsaparilla and iron bad disap
peared from the shelves.
Her husband reached the store about 9
o'clock, and she told him the place had
been broken into. He notified Policeman I
Fleming, and Flemiuy found the four boys
in the cellar underneath the store. He
had to drag two of them out by the feet.
smith appeared to be the only one of I
the four that had swallowed any of the
liquor. He was considerably "under the
influence." and when in the City Prison
he became sick and nad a hard time of it
lor half an hour.
A search was made cf the cellar, and a
box of cigars, some tobacco and a number
of empty bottles were found, which Harris
identified as having been taken from his
store.
The boys were seen in the prison, and
How Free Trade, as Advocated by the Democrats,
Would Inundate the Country With Cheap
Oriental Goods*
"My eyes have been opened," he paid, [
"to possibilities I had not dreamed of in
the realm of cheap labor. Ido not want!
to be understood as saying that Japan is
at this moment a menace to us or to any j
Highly civilized nation, but I do say that j
those who say a people such as the Japan- j
ese cannot compete disastrously with j
Anglo-Saxons minimize the dangers.
"I further say that the course if let
aloue, the policy of free trade is suicidal. 1
It reminds me of a man who takes a lion I
cub into his house. At first it is as gentle i
as a cat, but some day its rough tongue J
gets a hard lick at its master's face, breaks
the skin, tastes the blood, and then it de
vours its foster parent. I mean to say
that trade is a civilized warfare, a strug
gle for supremacy and a struggle as fierce
and merciless as the steel of Spartan glad
iators. We must say to the Orient, 'Keep I
your wares for your own people, or pay us
the highest tariff.' "
That is the opinion of a practical man
of affairs, given deliberately against the
theories of the "Boy Orator of the Platte," i
who says the American workman ought to I
be forced to compete unaided against men
j of all sorts and conditions, irrespective of
j race, color or servitude. But the thought
ful protectionist, viewing the pauper labor
ot the world, says, "Never shall an Amer
ican freeman be forced to meet the labor
of hordes of overworked and underpaid
slaves in foreign climes."
It must be borne in mind that though
Japan is more than 5000 milec away trans
portation on the ocean is phenomenally i
cheap. Sail charters can oe secured for j
the voyage from Japan to San Francisco j
at $2 50 a ton, but tne commercial genius
of the people is such that they are forging
ahead and will soon have great freight and :
passenger lines from their principal ports
| to America.
Herrick acted as spokesman. They all
denied being in the store or knowing any
thing about the stolen articles. They
belong to respectable families ami live in
j the neighborhood.
"Burke. Dillon and I," said Herrick,
i "were at the theater last night, and as it
was iate when we got out we walked
around till about 2 o'clock, when we went
to the Oakland Dairy on Ash avenue, be
tween Uough and Octavia streets, to get a
| ride round the City with one of the milk
men. I had often done that before, and
used to drive a wagon myself for John
Evans.
"The milkmen had gone and we did not
know what to do. There was a coal
wagon on the avenue with empty sacks in
it and we slept in it till about 6 o'ciock.
"We met Benny Smith shortly after 6
o'clock. He lives next door to the
grocery. We spoke about going to the
LurlirTe Baths to have a swim if we could
get the money. Smith said there were
some demijohns in his mother's cellar
j and we could get them and sell them.
"We got into the cellar by a hole in the
rear ana thought we would have some fun
J playing hide and seek. That was what
I we were doing when the policeman came
and arrested us. I had a piece of tobacco
in my pocket which i bought. It wasn't
taken from Harris' store."
"Where didj you get the liquor?" was
asked of Benny Smith, who was suffering
from the effects of bis libations.
"1 found a soda bottle in the cellar," he
said, "with something in it and Idrank it.
1 didn't know it was whisky. Say," ha
said to Dillon ; "where's my hat?" Dillon
told him it was in his ceil.
Little George Burke is the most inno
cent-looking boy of the four, but he is said
to be the toughest While Herrick was
j reeling off his story George looked at bin
! with admiring eyes and occasional.'.
--! nodded approval. George wore an injured
air and could only whisper that it was too
j bad boys couldn't play hide and seek with-
I out being arrested. Six weeks ago George
was arrested by Policeman Collins and
booked for some public institution, but
his father, a most respectable citizen, got
him released. He has been a source of
troubie to his family for a long time, pre
ferring to roam the streets at night than
stay at home.
An investigation showed that the boys i
might have effected an entrance to the
j cellar by a hole in the rear wall of the
| house adjoining the store. There is no
; dividing partition between that cellar and
i the one underneath Harris' store. In the
floor of Harris' store underneath the bar
there is a" hole large enough to admit a
man's body. Why it is there Harris does
j not know, as it was there when he took
possession a few weeks ago. There is a
gradual incline from the floor of the cellar
I to this hole and it would have been an
| easy matter for the boys once they got into
the cellar to crawl up the incline and
through the hole in the floor to the store.
The eround under the city of San Salva
dor is full of caverns of unknown depths.
A man was once digging a well there.
The last stroke he gave with his pick the
bottom fell out, and he and his pick fell
through, nobody knows where.
♦ — ♦ — •— .
Barry's Stab says Judge i*w was impaled. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
The articles of trade between the two
countries are chiefly cotton goods, manu
factured silks, rope, jute, carpets, bags,
iron products and iron machinery, but
ton*, watches, matches, bicycles and
rubber goods. Those are imported en
tirely by steamer now, the freight from
Yokohama to San Francisco being usually
$8 per ton. Freights from Japan to New
York have during the past year reached
the low ebb, of 40 shillings per ton meas
urement.
It will surprise the casual student of the
Japanese question to know that more than
sixty new factories of considerable mag
nitude have been built in Japan in the
past three years. Many factories of all
grades and sizes are now being constructed.
It was but a few weeks ago that the ma
chinery of the Pioneer Woolen Mills of
this City was bought for use in Japan.
Those who negotiated the deal provided
for skilled American workmen to go to
Japan and teach the natives every detail
of conducting the business and operating
the machinery. With the frugal tastes
and great poverty of the vast majority of
the Japanese it is reasonable to say that
the Japanese demand will fall far short of
exhausting the supply of goods under the
era of renewed inaustry now practically
at hand.
The first important step after the cun
ning artisans of the Orient supply our
markets will be to reacu out with true
commercial instinct for the markets of this
country. How well they can some day do
that is seen by a reference to mere facts
in detail.
Henry Norman, the well-known cor
respondent, has shown the dangers of the
Japanese as competitors, and has com
pletely exploded the idea that they have
no talent. He says:
"The actual manual skill of the Japa
THE BOYCOTT IS A
RAILWAY AMENITY
As Used by General Pas
senger Agents It Proved
Successful.
HARMONY THE RESULT.
Canadian Pacific Brought to
Time by the Asso
ciation.
ITS RESIGNATION WITHDRAWN
American Railways Threatened to
Leave It Absolutely to Its
Own Resources.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Railway Com
pany, returned yesterday from New York
and Chicago, where he had been engaged
for some time with business of the West
ern Passenger Association.
The meetings which Mr. Goodman
attended were of a dual character, as they
combined pleasure with work. Many of
the days during the annual gathering of
the general passenger agents were given
up exclusively to social pleasures of a
varied character. Other days of course
were devoted to business strictly, and then
questions of vast importance received the
serious consideration of the men in whose
hands lie the management and control of
passenger traffic all over the United States.
This year, however, the subjects discussed
were not al! of general importance, rules
and internal affairs consuming most of the
time.
"The only really interesting matter
which we considered," said Mr. Goodman
yesterday, "was the resignation of the
Canadian Pacific. I suppose that would
interest the Pacific Coast. The Canadian
Pacific sent in its resignation to the asso
ciation, claiming it wished to be free from
the binding agreement imposed upon it by
membership in the association. It wanted
concessions and to do business inde
pendent of our rules. The association re
fused to accept the resignation, but as the
Canadian Pacific was insistent it was
brought to time when the American roads
announced that If the company withdrew
they would have no further dealings with
the main line of the Canadian Pacific
This was too much for the Canadian Jine,
and the result was the resignation was
withdrawn.
"Heretofore the great railway system
over the northern frontier nad a clear ad
vantage over American transcontinental
lines. These roads have been compelled
to operate under the interstate commerce
law. They are not aided by the Govern
ment so liberally as the Canadian road is
subsidized and fostered. With considera
ble assistance from the Dominion Govern
ment the Canadian Pacific could afford to
carry its on passenger or freieht traffic at
rates much lower than those prevailing on
the American transcontinental lines. So i
whenever that road grew weary of re- I
straint it presented documents to show
that large differentials should be granted
in its favor. As the association could see
no remedy it usually acceded to their de
mands and people could travel up into
Canada, across to Vancouver, B. C., and
I thence by steamer to San Francisco, for a i
| trifle less than the fare directly over the i
American route.
"On this occasion, however, the Ameri- !
; can roads submitted their plan, which was '<
practically a boycott of the Canadian Pa
cific, and the Doycott worked like a i
charm."
SOCIALISTIC VIEWS.
The State Organiser Predicts Radical
Changes In the Future.
There was a large and attentive gather
ing Thnsday night at 970 Foisom street,
the headquarters of the Jewish Branch of
the Socialist Labor Party. The chair was
occupied -by Mark Leilas who ; introduced
Theodore Lynch, the speaker of the even
ing. ; He spoke on the topic "Why Ameri
can Workingmen Should Become Social
ists." •
. ; After referring to the ■. augury of plenty
and prosperity that the early settlers of
this country enjoyed, when they had free
access to the natural opportunities and to
the bright promises of ; the revolution and
the ■ ■ Declaration J of .*'•; Independence, V the
speaker showed by statistics now the
nese artificer seems remarkable to us, but
it does not strike his fellow-countrymen
as being much out of tne common. In
deed, ttie traveler in Japan soon learns to
transfer his wonder from the individual
to the nation. This extraordinary people
are born with a manual dexterity that is
simply astonishing. This is true of every
body—men and women, low and high
alike. The coolie will tie knots, repair a
vehicle or lend a hand at anything you are
doing with the knack of a man-of-warsman
and the delicacy of a dentist; and any
little job that requires intelligence and
manual skill almost any Japanese will do
for you."
J. J. Rein says in his great worlc, "The
Industries of Japan": "The eye and hand
of the Japanese are ou the average more
practical than those of the European.
Even the ordinary man can generally
make a fairly clear sketch of an article,
route or map."
It is tnus seen that, on the word of skill
ful observers, the Japanese excel in many
kinds of handicraft; that they seem to
have a special skill almost from birth, and
that, too, skill of a high grade, such as
people in this country acquire by laborious
processes and after years of hard study.
Now, let the friends of unbridled free
trade answer, Are American workmen to
compete with such skill wnen it is offered
at a few cents a day?
Speaking of the low wage-rate in Japan,
Sir Edwin Arnold has said: "The capacity
of the Japanese and Chinese for incredible
detail in their work makes them the most
perfect workmen in the world, as tney are
the most rapid. And when one realizes
that this superior ability and capacity can
be obtained there at an "average of 8 cents
per day against twenty times that sum in
America, it is not hard to see that there is
reason to fear their competition."
In the same warning spirit is the ob
ardent hopes of our forefathers were im
possible of realization to the great masses
of the common people who are forced by
the existing industrial conditions to grind
out a bare existence at the treadmill of
economic servitude to which they are un
willing captives. He said in concluding,
that with the increasing intelligence and
united effort on ihe part of the wage
workers there is every reason to hope for a
change.
During the discussion that followed the
address short speeches were made by sev
eral of those present, including George
Speed, William Edlin, G. Cameron, E.
Lux and Mr. Nagle.
BROKE UP THE PARTY.
Maurice Hogue Whacks His Wife With
a Bruoinstitk.
Maurice Hopue, 127% Rose avenue, went
home last night in an ugly mood. He
had been drinking, and when, his little
son, who was having a birthaay party,
ran up to him he toofe hold of his arm and
twisted it till the boy yelled with pain.
"Don't do that, Maurice," said Mrs.
Hogue, as she went to the boy's assist
ance.
"I'll teach you to interfere," said Hogue,
ana seizing a broomstick he whacked her
over the head and legs till she ran scream
ing out of the house.
The birthday carty broke up in disorder
and Mrs. Hogue and her boy went to the
Receiving Hospital. The boy's arm was
found to be ail right, but Mrs. Hogue had
contusions on her scalp and legs.
She declared that she would swear out a
warrant for her husbana's arrest this
morning on a chaipe of battery.
A Young Man From India.
To-morrow at 3 o'clock, at the Christian
Association building, Mason and Ellis streets,
Rev. J. C. Perkins, who has spent the last ten
years in India, will address the mass-meeting
for young men only. He is said to be the
first graduate of the University of California
C S. Perkins, the New Secretary of the Civic Federation.
to enter the gospel ministry. He is a graduate
of the class ot 1874 and also a graduate from
in Ha . stln ? 8 Law College, acid for a time
followed his profession in this City. Mr.
Perkins is a native of Ban Francisco and has
been eminently successful in his work in
India. No doubt he will have a large crowd to
i hear his adoress Sunday afternoon, as he will
relate many reminiscences of his work.
♦ — ♦ — »
Concerning Consumption.
It is a known tact that the consumptives of
he world flock to. California, thus endanger
ing the lives of healthy people and making our
i State one vast hospital, yAn able article on this
; subject will be found in this week's News Let.
ter, which will be appreciated by the pro
i fessional as well as by the layman. Something
; must be done to «op this undesirable influx,
j and the writer demonstrates clearly the
i r l?T n i for so doing and how it can be accom
plished. The other departments of the paper
are all up to their usual standard o: excel
lence. ■:- ■ ■ . , :. --. ..y,--. -:•• - ■ • • •■.
Gone Out of Business.
The Pioneer Woolen-mills yesterday applied
to the Superior Court for permission to dis
solve the corporation. There were 1000 shares
j of capital stock in the corporation. 772}* of
! w {|. l I ch wef e voted In favor of dissolution.
This .s the last corporate act of a once pros
i perous institution. The old North Beach mills
I have been idle for years and have been turned
over to a company of Japanese. All the obli
; gatlons and debts of the concern have been
. straightened out, and now the corporation is
| to dissolve.
— • — • — • —
On the steamer wharf of Algiers strang
i W3 are besieged by the native beast ped
j diem, extolling in broken French the mer
| its of their tame baboons, jackals, monkeys
i and young lions.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
servation of Consul-General Jernigan of
Shanghai, who said: "The steady gain
indicated by the Japanese looms may be
regarded by "Western manufacturers some
what as the Hollander regards the first
leak in the dikes that protect the mead
ows of his home from overflow. The fu
ture of Japan is evidently that of a great
manufacturing nation."
The foregoing quotations show some of
the reasons why the friends of protection
have for many years urged that American
factories and workmen be saved from the
ruinous competition of the growing
Orient. Against none of these evils has
Candidate Bryan ever offered a single
remedy. Under the political ideas he loves
the United States would soon become as
bleak as the plains.
Consul-General Mclvor says: "Japanese
manufacturers are each year improving
the grade of their fabrics and are thus
demanding a larger proportion of Ameri
can cotton," and each bale manufactured
there means a decided loss to American
workmen.
The time is soon at hand when Japan
will entirely cease importing goods and
when she will reach out and supply the
countries she lias been patronizing so long.
All through Japan there are manifold
evidences that her stirring people, consti
tuting a population of 40,000,000. are awake
to the advantages of manufacturing.
Mills and factories are under way and
a trained army of workmen will, ere an
other decade, be turning out all kinds of
goods at rates with which even the poor
est paid countries of Europe cannot com
pete. It does not matter what line of in
dustry is investigated, for the conclusion
is inevitable that Japan means to take her
place among the great manufacturing na
tions of the earth.
It has thus been shown by a previous
article on the subject and by the facts
here presented that tne only way by
which Americans can escape the evils of
universal misery is by a wise protective
tariff.
It will not be many years before Jap
anese goods, without protection, are sure
to force tnemselves upon the American
market. Added to their perseverance and
rare skill the "little brown men" work for
a few cents a day, the Government has no
laws against child Jabor, and American
workmen would suffer at every turn if
left without the benign i iluences of a
protection so adjusted as to insure pros
perity to all.
WILL HAVE ITS
OWN FULL TICKET
The Civic Federation De
cides to Go Into
Politics.
LESSON OF VIGILANTES.
The Time Has Come When the
Federation Believes Re
form Necessary.
COMMITTEE REPORT ADOPTED.
It Provides for a Municipal Ticket
for the Coming Elec*
tions.
The Civic Federation held an executive
session last night in Assembly Hall, Mills
building, and adopted the report of its
committee on political action. I. J. Tru
man presided and about twenty members
of the federation were present.
The report recommended that a move
ment be organized to dace before the
voters of San Francisco a full municipal
ticket. According to the announcement
prepared for the press and given out after
the meeting adjourned this report was dis
cussed in detail and after a long consider
ation of its various parts was adopted.
The following was issued as the report of
the committee:
To the President and Members of the Civic I
Federation— oentlembn: At our last meeting
a committee \yas appointed to inquire into the
present political situation, with a view of
formulating some practical plan through
which the taxpayers of this City mar be able
at the ensuing election to prevent a repetition
of thp municipal calamity now hanging over
ut. Honoring and respecting the opinions of
all our fellow-citizens, and their political
preferences in National and State affairs, alter
mature and deliberate consideration of tee
important subject intrusted to our hands, we
feel it incumbent upon us to candidly an
nounce that in our opinion those great issues
f>o essential to the perpetuity of our National
Government bare no necessary relationship to
the welfare and prosperity of local govern
ments. The sad experience of the past in
nearly every city of the United States has
plainly demonstrated|the fact that municipal
administration is beet subserved and a greater
degree of progress reached by placing the af
fairs of each locality in the hands of tho^e
who have permanent" Interests in the honest
management thereof regardless of party.
The contending factions of both the Repub
lican and Democratic parties, now at war ov-.t
the spoils expected from the election in No
vember next, are irreconcilable. Any settle- j
ment or adjustment by either or both parties
within their respective party lines, or the old
familiar compromise through which eacfl may
receive a certain share of the offices, would
simply result i i perpetuating the present dis
graceful methods now being inflicted upon an
already tux-eaten, boss-ridden community.
The infamous plan oi dividing the offices as
demonstrated at the last election is still fresh
in our minds. While some of the bungling
participants in that plot are now in San Quen
lin the more timia and crafty ones, equally
guilty, are occupying public places, and some
are to-day tremblingly drawing the dishonest
profits of their bold criminality.
Under the present consolidation act there Is
not now and cannot ever be hereafter any pro
tection to property or property-owners from
the ceaseless demands of corporations who
are bonded and stocked far in excess of their
legitimate value. Nor may we expect honest
public service from either principal or sub
ordinate municipal officers who are more or
less dominated by persons or corporations of
self-confessed dishonesty.
Nomination and election to City office, ac
cording to the customs prevalent to-day, mean
merely common public plunder and aDJect
private servitude whenever the occasion arises,
regardless of the name of the party in power.
Political party nominations of men hereto
fore regarded as above reproach in a large ma
jority oi cases after election have developed
the fact that they were simply awaiting the
opportunity, and misfortune has invariably
overtaken the City's valuable privileges which
they had been selected to protect. Deplorable
evidence of this fact is already exemplified in
the Geary-street railroad franchise.
Under the prevailing farce of holding party
primaries and the subsequent convention
tableaux very few aggressively nonest and up
right men are nominated for offices having
political patronage. The time is now come
tor the people themselves, who represent nine
tentlisofthe voting capacity of this City, to
say at the polls whether they wish to remain
serfs to impecunious political criminals and
place-hunters, led by an insignificant minor
ity, or whether they desire to assert their
American citizenship and assume a pan of
tho'duties and responsibilities of City govern
mental management.
There can be no genuine betterment oi our
City government until it is done by the people
themselves outside of National party lines. It
must be apparent to every one that any
change will prove advantageous.
There is only one method we can discover by
which our municipal affairs can be conducted
economically and honestly, and a violation of
election laws be made as sure of punishment
as a violation of any other law.
Many of our fellow-citizen will readily re
call the Vigilance Committee of 1856 and the
elas 1 " of men who originally composed its
membership. The cause and history of that
organization are well known to all; and hard
ly less exasperating tnan the schemes which
gave it origin are tnose resorted to by the so
called politicians of to-day.
The exposure of the corrupt criminal prac
tices developed at the trials of that committee
aroused the masses to action lor self-protec
tion, and a party cpmposed of the best citizens
of the City was formed. For a period of about
twelve years no city in the Union was better
or more economically governed.
These facts conclusively demonstrate that
the time has come when a citizens' ticket of
tried men, known to be true, regardless of
former party affiliation, would carry every
precinct in tne City and County of San Fran
cisco.
Therelore your committee would earnestly
recommend that all good citizens urite in or
ganizing a reform movement for the purpose
of placing before the voters of tnis City a full
municipal ticket that will commend itself to
the support of all good citizens.
C. B. Perkins,
D. Gilbert Dexter,
George T. Qadkn,
R. Lambert.
W. F. Harris,
R. L. Rigdox,
Committee.
C. B. Perkins, the genial merchant and
prominent member of the Simpson.
Memorial M. E. Church, was unanimously
elected secretary of the organization.
FIREWORKS T O-NIGHT.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, >\ S. G. W. , Will
Celebrate at the Chutes.
The chutes will be turned over to Pacific
Parlor No. 10 of the Native Sons of the
Golden West this evening, and the mem
bers will have a jollification preparatory
to the celebration at Stockton on Admis
sion day.
An elaborate and appropriate display of
fireworks will be given, ana the set pieces
will all be distinctly Californian. A bear
flag will be raised and other emblems of
the order will be shown in pyrotechnics.
Conn Fredericks, the "demon cyclist,"
will coast down the chutes on his "bicycle
at 10 o'clock. The committee in charge of
the evening are W. H. Hazell, F. "W.
Smith, J. G. Klemm, J. R. Kropp, D. L.
Fitzgerald, J. J. Dunn, H. E. Faure,
Charles McMenomy, John A. Steinbach
and J. H. Cunningham. The ordinary
rate of admission will be charged.
THE GOODSPEE D ESTATE.
A Decision on the Motion to
Strike Out " and " in the
Demurrer.
Judge Coffey Denies the First With
Exceptions and Sustains the
Latter.
In the matter of the will of Lucy C.
Good9peed, deceased, for probate. Judge
Coffey yesterday rendered a decision upon
the motion of the respondents, represented
by Delmas & Shortridgfl, to strike out
parts of contest, and also upon the de
murrer to the contest.
Judge Coffey holds that the motion to
strike out should be denied, saving the
right of the respondents to have an
amended contest filed, stating clearly and
concisely the grounds of opposition to the
probate of the proposea will. With re
spect to the peculiar parts of the motion
eranted facts only should be stated; facts
as contradistinguished from the law, from
argument, from hypothesis and from the
evidence of facts. A legal inference or
conclusion from the facts should not be
stated; that is not the province of the
pleadings under our system, which is to
develop the facts.
The contest is addressed to a certain in
strument propounded for probate and,
therefore, the motion to strike out such
phrases as "pretended will" is proper.
The phrase is unnecessary and redundant
and should be ousted.
In the opinion of the court the sixth
ground of objection is especially worthy
of censorious attention— the tender of
issue concerning the condition of the de
cedent at the time of her death. This is
clearly not pertinent, necessary, relevant
nor material to the issue. In other para
graphs are alleged fraud, duress, menace
and undue influence. These are but con
clusions of law and tender no issuable
facs, in the manner stated.
The objections specified and enumerated
NEW TO-DAY.'
L Cheapest, Because the Best 5
GAILBORDEN {
I EAGLE BRAND I
L CONDENSED MILK X
2 t* s **?^ ,{ Or that little book, "Infant T
J Set ' gfeat VaIUS tO mo t*>rs7s£! t
: Y N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. 5
tf"?°f~Vt"£v Kew Tor* J
m X^/ V -7 Constipation" I tSowi^M^ k^ausunjr Drains, Varieorple and
■ BEFORE *«o^fk R ness ofdHShkti* iS^H JoSBes b , v da F or ni*ht Prevent* qnick.
■ BEFORE A«n irTrD allia. hn^£T?? f T * l!lchlfr otchecV-edl««dstoSpenn»toiTh<*aar.d
I JTJt AFTER k jn.t»2?i Impot * ncv - «-ITi»IPI5!»E cleanses tho liver, U4
?£ PIDE *E strengthens and resto^ran w'SSSS!! 01 * Ulm P ßrtUe "-
PrJ^.^^pTn^-l-it X^J*J^ffi^«>«ty P« cent are tronb.ed with
als. A written p«ar»nt<>« t^nwS^lw^SSSSil^ Cllre w «i"out «fn om-ration. 8000e«,tlmonl.
M to -DATOi.,| BW CLN«CO.. U7O Market WW^L ncl9 cc «. *>,«,..»
bKOOKs" e iIAiOIACYi 11» POweU MM*
in the decision are sustained and the
motion as to tnem granted and as to the
rest denied. Continuing the decision
sayß:
The demurrer should be sustained, because
as it stands it becomes necessary to modify the
pleading and bring it within the rules already
adverted to, so that respondents may answer
direct allegations, to the end that the issues
involved may be clearly presented to the court
upon the trial of the contest
Particular attention is directed to the first
ground ot demurrer— that the contest nusjoin*
several causes of action. It is self-evident that
fraud aud force cannot be exercised by the
same person on the same Derson at the same
time to achieve the same end. The evidence
required to sustain the charges of fraud and of
duress or menace would necessarily be opposed
one to the other. Requiring different evi
dence, they constitute different causes of ac
tion within the purview of the code, and under
section 427, C. C. F., the grounds should be
separately stated.
The allegations throughout the contest,
amounting to a charge of conspiracy on tho
part of Daniel Sullivan and other persons sin
known to the contestants, are plainly de
murrable, for certainly the proponents have a
right to know the names of the conspirators.
(Miller vs. MiDermott, 31 Cal., 271).
Demurrer sustained; ten days to amend.
TO FOLLOW "OLD PARD."
Herbert Fairfleld'g Unsuccessful At-
tempt to Commit Suicide.
Herbert Fairheld, a boarder at the Va
lencia-street Hotel, attempted to commit
suicide last night. He went to his room,
closed the door, turned on the gas and,
covering his face with a piece of carpet,
lay down on the floor to die.
William Gerken, the proprietor, noticed
the smell of escaping gas and found it
proceeded from Fairfield's room. He
opened the door and saw Fairrleid uncon
scious on the floor.
Fairfield was taken to the City and
County Hospital. The doctors worked on
him for some time until he was brought
back to consciousness. Then he was
taken back to the hotei.
Fairheld has been assisting his brother
for some time, who is a carrier for one of the
morning papers. By occupation he is a
fireman, but lost his po3ition during the
strike on the Southern Pacific two years
MO.
In explaining his reason for attempting
to end his life he said : "I used to fire for
Cornwall, the oldest engineer on the
Southern Pacific, who died on Tuesday. I
was fond of the old man and went to his
funeral yesterday.
"His death made me despondent and I
got drinking. I felt despondent over the
old engineer's death, and a feeling came
over me that the best thing I could do was
to follow him to the grave.
"The feeling was a pleasant one and I
suffered no pain, but when the doctors
were bringing me back to life than I suf
fered the most excruciating agony for seme
time. I don't think I will try it again."
Fairheld is 32 years of age. He was
married, but divorca from his wife.
HEW TO-DAY.'
AT THE
No-Percentage Pharmacy,
953 Market Street.
We have secured the services of an emi-
nent Physician and Surgeon, a reliable,
honest man, who will hereafter treat all
patients applying to us at a very small
charge.
CONSDLTATM FREE
Including chemical and microscopical
analysis of the urine.
The poor treated
FREE OF CHARGE
Between 9 and 10 in the morning.
We will guarantee an absolute cure in
every case we undertake. None but cura-
ble cases treated. We especially urge
those who have received no benefit from
other physicians to call or write to the
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 I\£arls.ct Street,
South side. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
DOCTOR COOK
For Heaven's sake, man, brace up! Yon
have been going to the dogs-rstop it. Once
you turn your face in confidence to a man
who is as familar with cases like yours as
you are with the very daylight, you can
throw off that terrible load ol despondency
and despair. Wasting away, weakening
dreams, impotency, nervous depression,
general misery and self-contempt, will
soon pass away. Hydrocele, varicocele,
any troublesome affliction of the sexual
organs, are trifles to a man of such experi-
ence. If you are a slave to vice you will
be freed. You will become a man, with a
man's power, a man's pride, a man's
privileges.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 a. m., 2to 5 and 7to
Bp. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. only.
Write if you cannot call. Mail treatment
perfectly satisfactory. Address
flflPTrin PflfiK 863 MARKET STREET,
UUU lUn UUUIV, Qpp. Powell, 3. F., Cal.
EMM
20 TO 50 CANS PER DAY.
APPLY AT 307 BATTERY STREET.
tg RUPTURE, i
IJkJF If ruplutp J. jog Estnr*ll.Thor<? tocbl.iln ttUftf>
S3 from rain, »ecuritT from Stranmlm'.ed Henna and a S_
KS» Pfaxattilcurtit j>o«»ible. PK&MiDTeiilgatf "Pr. ■
M Pierce » Pat. M»fciifiic*lMticTruM.- »od jon wtiljl
GBT be surprised at what you will learn. -Thli Tr«.J ffij
|» poslUTely doe* th* and la worth $1,000 to anj JH
I* roptorrl mm or woman. If too want the BEST, EH
■■ cmil or »»od .1 en. in «airp« for frte Paaphlet No. J. ■■
S> Itn«ii»in« rnll information. CB'" The sctentlfload M
If jiiitrjfnt nrtm>»r. aioar office a«p*cia)tr. AddreM J|
■ WAGNF.TIC F.LASTIO TKISS CO.. X0.704.N.W M
I cor, Stcruues-.o & Kenny *;•,»,, gaa I'iancixo, CaL 818HONOR WAITS ON
TAYLOR ROGERS,
Will Be Nominated for
Congress by the
Populists.
MAGUIRE SUITS THEM.
He Worked in Congress With
His Third Party Col-'
leagues.
THESE ARE COUNTER-BLASTS.
Fears That the Piacing of a People's
Party Man in the Field Would
Elect O'Brien.
The Populists have not succeeded in get
ting what they expected from the Democ
racy in the matter of the proposed fusion
on Congressmen, particularly in those
districts in which the Democracy feels
well and strong. Negotiations had been
pending for some time between the two
parties with reference to a candidate for
Congress from the Fifth District, but no
agreement could ba reached, and the Con
gressional Convention which will in
San Jose to-day will nominate a straight
Populist.
Taylor Rogers, Mayor Sutro's secretary,
is the man slated by the party for that
office, and he will doubWess receive the
nomination.
Mr. Rogers occupies a unique position.
He was a member of the Populists' Na
tional Convention at St. Louis last month,
and Mr. Bryan is his candidate. Brj r an is
f' r the unlimited coinage of silver, while
Mr. Rogers is a fiat-money man and has
written a very entertaining book embody
ing his thoughts to the effect that gold
and silver are commodities and therefore
uot true money.
As Bryan and his silver clients are the
nominees of the People's party as well as
of the Democrats, Mr. Rogers will have to
do the split act in attempting to stand
upon his book and upon Mr. Bryan's plat
form at one and the same time.
But there's no knowing what a man can
do when i.c is in politics.
Democratic leaders have fixed things
with Popul;st leaders with reference to
the Congressional tight in the Fourth
District, and it is now conceded that no
candidate will be nominated against Judge
Maguire in that district.
The Fourth District delegation held a
meeting just before they went to St. Louis
and decided not to take any action with
reference to a Ooneressman until after the
session of the National Convention. They
liuve not formally met since, out they
have come to ai* understanding that Ma
guire wili be acceptable to all the members
of the People's party.
"Maguire is with us on the financial
question," said Carlton Johnson of the
People's party State Central Committee
yesterday, "and tie has worked with the
Tupuiists in Congress on other measures.
"O'Brien will get considerable of the
Democratic votes, as he has many
iriends in the district, and it therefore
would not do to endanger Maguire's elec
tion bjr putting up a third candidate."
R. £. Bush, secretary of the PeoDle's
party State Central Committee, reseats
the imputation that he has been muzzled
by the remainder of the committee. He
,«aid yesterday that he had referred re
porters and other knowledge-seekers to
Chairman Wardall for whatever informa
tion he might choose to give. Mr. Bush
declined to wear a muzzle for any man or
set of men.
There is something back of this little
episode Populists are not giving out to the
reporters. It will be remembered that at
a meetiag of the People's party County
Committee in Mozart Hall several weeks
a^c a communication was read from Sec
retary Bush in which he asked several
pointed questions with reference to the
proposed rusion with the Democracy.
The communication was not received
with very good grace and J. Asbury
Johnson and others objected to its being
read on technical grounds, but it was read
rothwithstanding and was published in
The Call. Its tenor by implication was
unfavorable to fusion.
HE DECLINED THE HONOR
Colonel Taylor Does Not Care
to Consult the State
Equalizers.
No Choice Mfde of Attorneys to
Fight the Delaney Suit at
Washington, D. C.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors held a meeting yesterday
morning to consider the matter of send
ing a representative of the board to Sacra
mento on Wednesday next to confer with
the State Board of Equalization regarding
the raising of the total assessed valuatiou
of San Francisco property.
Colonel Little represented Mayor Sutro
at the meeting and suggested that Colonel
Taylor, as chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, was the proper person to attend
to the matter, but Mr. Taylor said that
private reasons, as well as his attitude re
garding corporation assessments, would
preclude his acting and asked that some
one else be detailed.
City and County Attorney Creswell said
that he thought Mayor Sutro was the
proper person to lookout for such matters,
and that the Mayors of municipalities
were expected to look out for the people's
interests.
Colonel Little responded that Mayor
Sutro was at his ranch near Calistosa suf
fering from physical disability, and
would oe unable to undertake the task.
The matter rested there.
The committee discussed the matter of
sending attorneys to Washington to fight
before the Supreme Court of the United
States the suit of the Delaney heirs
against the City, whicn involves tne own
ership of twenty-four yaras of land in
Lafayette Park. The City won before the
iitate Supreme Court but the matter has
been carried to the court of last resort.
The choice lies between the tirms of Craisr
& Meredith and Sullivan & Bullivar^and
the decision was left to a future mSctinjc
to be held on Tuesday next.
REPORTS OF BANK 3.
.-••mi-Annual Total* Received by the
Bank Commissioners.
The following are the reports received
by the Bank Commissioners of the sav
ings and commercial banks of this City,
showing their condition on July 31:
SAVINGS BANKS.
Resources— Bank premises, $2,124,237 33:
real estate taken for debt, $2,651,64103;
United States bonds, miscellaneous bond 1 ? and
stocks, county warrants, $'20,239,842 42; loans
on real estate, .f 30,845 .092 08; loamon stocks,
bonds and warrants, $5,710,461 16; loans on
other securities (erain, etc.), $3500; loans on
personal security and overdrafts, $50,000;
money on nand, $1,828.718 42; due from
bftnks and bankers. $1,365,613 69; other as
sets, $114,974,645 28.
Liabilities— Capital paidln coin, $4,760,000;
reserve fund, profit and loss and contingent
fund, $4,751,427 81; due depositors, $104,
--0b9,46/ 92; uue banks and bankers and other
liabilities, $873,749 55.
COMMERCIAL BAKES.
Resources— Bank premises, $1,114.815 02;
real entate taken for debt, $1,647,496 08.
United States bonds, miscellnnaous bonds and
stocks, county warrants, $4,986,833 41; loans
on real estate, $4,216,190 17; loans on stocks,
bonds and warrants, $9,753.65184; loans on
other securities (grain, etc.), $3,409,619 22;
loans on personal security and overdrafts,
$20,513,64014; money ou hand. $10,735,-
I 505 34; Uue from banks and bankers, $7,436,
--! 485 32; other assets, $3,901,382 97.
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin, $18,979,
--i 174 36; reserve fund, profit and loss and con-
I tine<-nt fund, 810,435,122 87; due depositors,
$27,709.939 29; due bants and bankers,
$4,964,397 20; other liabilities, $5,626,985 79.
DOWNING ON TRIAL.
The Captain of th« Wrecked Steamer
St. Paul Tells How the Casualty
Happened.
The official inquiry into the cause of the
wreck of the St. Paul, which occurred
near Monterey August 8, was held be
fore Supervising Inspector Bermingham
yesterday In all seven witnesses were
examined, the testimony going to show
that the steamer was lost under conditions
similar to the Colombia.
Captain Downing said that at 8:56
o'clock on the night of the disaster the
St. Paul was off Point Sur. He took his
i bearingß and found that he was one and
a quarter miles off the regular course. At
11:08 p.m. land was noticed ahead and
j the steamer was backed at full speed.
When she struck he again took his bear
ings and found he was two and a half
j miles from where he expected to be.
j Shortly after the St. Paul struck the chief
engineer reported that the engines would
i not work. Captain Downing then ordered
the cbief officer to take one of the smaller
boats and find land. He then loaded the
four remaining boats with passengers and
provisions and awaited the return of the
j chief officer.
The other witnesses, J. J. Coleman,
third officer; E. K. Knowlan, watchman;
Jack Anderson, lookout; F. Nelson, at the
wheel; Andrew Hall and Philip D. Ward,
I seamen, corroborated the testimony of
: Captain Downing. They said the night
I was dark and foggy, rendering it almost
impossible to see a ship's length ahead.
Captain Bermingbam took the case under
advisement.
STUFFERS NOT NUMEROUS
Registrar Hinton Takes Time
to Explode a Ridiculous
Story.
Congressman Maguire Laughs at Some
of the Names That Are Called
Those of Stuff.rs.
The sensational stories that have ap
peared in a morning paper regarding the
stuffing of the registration lists by fraudu
lent voters are nothing more than crea
tions of the writer's brain, according to
Registrar Hinton, who stated most em
phatically yesterday that, as far as he
kn^w, there had been little or no stuffing.
"Of course there are a laige number of
names that have been classed as douot
ful," he said, "but, as has already been
stated in The Call, there is no tangible
ground for t declaring them stuff6rs and
the papers that are making all this outcry
are doing those whose names they publish
a great injustice.
"The instructions I issued to the regis
tration officers are responsible for the big
doubtful list. I told the men that I
would not feel justified in signing their
salary demands unless they exercised the
most extraordinary care to prevent stuf
fing and reported every name where there
had been the slightest irregularity, even
to the spelling of names, mistakes in ini
tials, etc.
"In consequence they sent in big lists
of doubtfuls and I now have eight men out
investigating these lists. Of course there
may be & few stuffers, it would be stranee
if there were not out of 73,075 names, but
I think the number is very small and as a
matter of actual fact at the present time
I do not know of any. The majority of
those on the douhtful list will be shown
to have inadvertently registered from the
wrong precinct, to have moved since reg
istering or to have left the City to work
elsewhere."
Frightened by the sensational reports of
stuffing Congressman James G. Maguire
went to the Registrar's office yesterday
and eaeerly scanned the lists of doubtful
names that had been written up as stuffers.
"Humph," he ejaculated with a relieved
look on his face as be finished his inspec
tion, "these men may be stuffers as has
beer, stated, but I don't believe that they
are nearly all in that class, for I see men
here classed as doubtful that 1 know per
sonally to be good men."
He called attention to the names of
George T. Bromley, the grand old man of
Bohemia, and a number of well known
newspaper men, among them Frederick
Lawrence.
"I don't believe those men are stuffers,"
he said laughingly as he left.
« — ♦ — *
HOW TWO MEN DIED.
One Sent a Bullet Through His Head.
The Other Selected Hig
Heart.
Peter Lenno, laborer, aged 45, living at
122 Broad street, Ocean View, committed
suicide yesterday by sending a bullet
through his heart. He had been sick for
several months from an incurable disease,
and had already made arrangements with
an undertaker to take charge of his re
mains when he should die. The deceased
was a member of the North Beach Lodge
of Hermann's Sons.
R. A. Dickerson, laundry-marker, living
at 511 Valencia street, committed suicide
in Golden Gate Park by shooting himself
through the head. The body was found
by Captain Thomson near the park
music-stand. A pistol with one chamber
empty told the story. The deceased bas
been out of work for some time, ana to this
fact is attributed his rash act. He leaves
a widow and two children.
• — ♦■ »
A Typographical Beauty.
Town Talk's forty-page anniversary number,
out this week, contains upward of twenty
handsome balf-tone illustrations, and is
printed in the highest style of the art, with a
beautifully tinted cover. John P. Irish con
tributes a strong article, entitled "Who Are
the Creditors?" Dr. H. J. Stewart advances
■omc excellent suggestions about a San Fran
cisco conservatory of music. Hon. Frank Mc-
Copping address upon the new charter appears
in lull. There are clear and concise editorials
upon the Bryan reception in New York, ihe
approaching Presidential campaign, the Short
ridge letter aud other topics of live interest.
The fiction of this number is more than usually
readable, containing "A .story of Diamonds,"
translated irom the French for Town Talk; a
page about kisses, chats with actresses, politi
cal personals, graphology and other entertain
ing features too numerous to be mentioned
here. Among the portraits are those of the
Misses Celia and Beatrice Tobin. Mrs. John F.
Swift, Mrs. E. O. Smith, Miss Xena Roberts,
William i. Sterett and a number of representa
tive men. In addition to these are illustra
tions of Town Talk building, its composing',
editorial, mailing and press rooms, as well as
its new press. Tneentirenunberisa triumph
of modern weekly journalism. | *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
WINTHROP SHOWS
SOME WEAKNESS,
His Attorneys Earnestly
Plead for Two Weeks'
Respite.
CANNOT GO TO TRIAL.
Captain Lees and the Prosecu
cution Are Ready for the
Battle.
CAMPBELL WAS NOT PRESENT.
The Throng in Judge Wallace's Court
Was Devoid of Women Criminal
Worshipers.
Only star cases can attract such a motely
crowd as was in Judge Wallace's court
yesterday morning when the Winthrop
case was called.
The defendant was less In evidence
than the people around, who crowded and
glared at each other, no one apparently
knowing just who was the prisoner.
Winthrop sat calmly and chattad be-
0, YV. vyjnthaon Belrtß Arrati:ni.-.i in Conrl.
tween Captain John Cnrtin and Detective
Seymour in one of the front rows near the
attorney's desk. There was nothing in his
demeanor to indicate he was the chief
actor in the drama about to be developed,
and even when be rose when his name
was called, and faced the bar to listen to
the reading of the indictments found
aeainst him there was nothing to indicate
that he was a whit more interested in the
affair than the people who surrounded
him.
The absence of the morbidly inclined
women who usually gather around men
charged with great crimes waa particu
larly noticeable. He, the hero of the oc
casion, an alleged kidnaper of men and a
proposed abductor of old ladies, as the
story goes, stood unsupported by any pet
ticoat and without a floral offering. This
appeared an entirely new departure in
criminal court circles in this City.
Attorneys Bell and Quitzow, who have
been in conference with Winthrop for
many days, with every facility to grasp
every thread of the defense, made the
astonishing announcement to Judge Wal
lace when their client's case was called
that they had just been brought into the
case and would require a couple of weeks
in which to examine the merits of the in
dictments.
The court was not inclined to grant the
delay, saying that the proceedings at the
b ar, after all, were only in the shape of an
arraignment.
•'Surely," spoke his Honor, "your client
can say now whether he is guilty or not
guilty."
Attorney Bell, the suave young student
from General W. H. L. Barnes 1 office, in
sisted upon a delay and was willing to
compromise on one week instead of two.
"What do you want it for?" asked
Judge Wallace. "Give me some good rea
son and 1 may entertain the motion."
Bell could say nothing more than he
and his associate'had not examined into
the framing of either the Grand Jury or
the indictment.
Assistant District Attorney Black, who
is attending to the prosecution, asked that
matters in the case be expedited, as the
complaining witness (Campbell) had all
his interests in Honolulu and they were
being neglected during his absence.
"It is no fault of ours," put in Attorney
Bell, "if your client is being detained in
this City."
"There is where we difter with you,''
answered Black. "Without you we would
have boarded our last steamer and would
now be at home in Honolulu."
"That is a matter of fact that will have
to be passed upon by the jury," replied
Bell.
After this, Judge Wallace took matters
in bis own hund and ordered the defend
ant to be present next Monday morning
for arraignment.
The two indictments against Winthrop
recited the robbery of three hundred and
odd dollars and an assault to commit
murder. They were found against O. W.
Winthrop and John Doe Pete.
Winthrop answered when his name waa
called, bnt Pete, the mysterious, failed to
put in an appearance.
"Where is the other person, 'Pete'?" the
court asked.
"Your Honor," explained Attorney
Black, "there is only one prisoner here/
"Oh," exclaimed Judge Wallace, "that's
it, is it? There is but one defendant. All
right, go ahead witti the case."
"Attorney Black insisted, however, in
placing affair* on their proper footing by
saying that while there were two enact
ments for two different people only one
had been apprehended and that John Doe
Pete was still at large.
The proceedings in court being disposed
off, Winthrop was escorted back to tank
84, in the dark recess of the jail.
"While lam quite ready with my evi
dence," said he, "and willing to go ahead,
I took the advice of my attorneys and
asked for a delay. The reason for ttiis is
that neither Messrs. Bell nor Quitzow has
had an opportunity in this short time to
grasp the magnitude of my defense. The
evidence I have to produce is overwhelm
ing, but it must be presented in easy
stages and in a comprehensive manner. 1 '
Captain Lees, on the other hand, regards
the worK of this day as a distinctive vic
tory. He la ready to go ahead with the
trial at ihe "drop of the hat," as he says,
and he knows he can win it even without
the testimony of "Pete" or "Dollle."
STARVING SNAKES.
Air and a Chance Fly or Two Has Been
Their Bill of Fare for Several
Days.
The establishment in the ground floor of
the old Y. M. C. A. building on Sutter
street, long known as the "Snake • Drug
store," has became a scene of starvation
and suffering. A short tine ago the orig
inal proprietors moved their business to
the corner above. Another drug firm
rented the shop, and by way of an adver
tisement established a menagerie of rep
tiles in one of the show windows. The
business met with setbacks and reverses,
and at length the place was closed by
order of court, a Sheriff's officer being
placed in charge of the premises.
Ihe man's job was an easy one. So long
as he did not attempt to sample the drugs
he might well have 'been envied by many
a busy merchant-prince or hard-worked
professional man. .'■
The welfare of the snakes, however, had
not been taken into account. For days
and days the lucKless even though un
canny creatures have been living on air,
that light diet being varied by an occa
sional fly. A good man. versed in the
ways of snake?, passing by the place per
ceived that the reptiles were in dancer of
dying of inanition. He reported the matter
i to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, which has taken measures to
have the snakes fed or dispatched.
Wine Men Meet.
The annual meeting of the California Wine
Association was held yesterday at Second and
Folsom streets. As many as 30,912 shares
were represented. The following officers and
directors were elected to serve for the ensuing
year: Percy T. Morgan, president and general
manager; Albert Lachman,. vice-president;
Henry Van Bergen, secretary and treasurer;
director?— Charles Carpy, A. L Tubbs, Henry
Kohler. J. Frowcnfeld; Henry Lachman, gen
eral superintendent; Henry Kohler, superin
tendent winewaking; E. Frowenfeld, chair
man New York Board; Carl Van Bergen, New
l'ork, assistant treasurer.
GOOD LUCK THE MOTTO.
William Fahey Entertains His
Friends of the Horse
shoe Club.
A Pleasant Social Event in the Cos*
mopolitan Hotel Followed by
a Banquet.
William Fahey< proprietor of the Cos
mopolitan Hotel on Fifth and Mission
streets, assisted by Mrs. Fahey, enter
tained a large party of friends last even
ing and all bad a most enjoyable time.
The occasion was humorously called the
hanging of the horseshoe and many of the
guests were adorned with the lucky em
blem. In fact most of those present are
members of what they call the Horieshoe
Social Club.
The large parlors were ablaze with light,
and flowers were scattered everywhere.
The early part of the evening was spent
in listening to songs, recitations, instru
mental music and character sketches.
James M. Ward, the actor, sang and
gave several recitations. Harry Gleeson
and W. D. Hendrickson cleverly disguised
themselves so their best friends did not
know them, and gave several well sus
tained character sketches. Oass Wright
entertained the party with several violin
solos, and among the others who contrib
uted to the evening's enjoyment were
Miss Leah Heineberg, John E. Gleeson Jr.,
William Gleeso::, the actor, and Professor
Andonegui.
At a late hour the host invited his
friends to a sumptuous Danquet, and to
reacn the banquet hall overy one had to
pass under an old rusty horseshoe, and
Mr. Fahey and bis family wished them all
the good luck the emblem is supposed to
carry with it. Toasts, short addresses and
humorous recitations were the order until
it was time to say good-night. Many of
the guests were prominent members of the
Police Department. Mr. Fahey's guests
were:
Captain H. 8. Healy, Captain A. J. Dunleavy
Captain John Bplllane, N. Irwin. T. Gibbons
Mrs. T. Gibbons, Dr. Pelham, H. L Tyler'
Joseph Elvers, A. Pngh, c. E. Rick'
T. O'Brien, Sergeant Fltzgibbons, C. Dono
hue, C. Breslin, Captain T. X Mc-
Donald, D. G. Silliman, Mias Lancaster
J. B. McCloskcv, Dr. Ragan. Mrs. Ragan j'
Ragan, Miss Bowes,. Miss E. Bowes, T. W
Dewey, Mayme Griffin, G. Sweeney, James
Deenng, J. Linehan, Senator J. H. Shine of
Sonora, T. H. Smith, J. Ryan, Miss Joßle Rvan,
Miss Katie Ryan, W. Abbey. M. D. Wil
liam Gleeson, W. I>. Hendricksou, 'c P
Wright. C. Garrett of Fresno, Mrs. Garrett'
H. H.Welsh of Fresno, Mrs. H. H.Welsh M
Blumenthal, Mrs. Blumenthal, Sergeant Y. D
McKenna, Mrs. McKenna, L. Gilroy, Joseph
Shauehnessy, E. P. Mogan, Henry Gleeson
Mrs. H. Gleeson, Captain J. E. Gleeson, J. E
Gleeson Jr., W. M. Madden, Miss Leah Heine
berg, Miss Laura Heineberg, Miss Heineberg
Miss A. Daly, Mrs. W. Fnhey, Miss Josie Fahey
Viss Asnes Fnhey. Mis* Annella Fahey. Miss
Zita Fahey, John Fahey and William Fahey.
AGAINST THE PESTHOUSE.
Falrmount Property Owner* Meet and
Make Earnest Protest.
The Fairmount Improvement Club held
a meeting Thursday night at Jansen's
Hall, 235 Chenery street. The Pesthonse
question was brought up and the scheme
to remove it to the Almshouse tract was
roundly denounced, as such a course
would blacken that entire section of the
City and would be & serious obstacle to
improvement and progress.
It was suggested that some old hulk
could b*» secured to be used as a Pesthouse,
and anchored where it would do no harm
and cause no discomfort.
She Got Six Months.
Annie Plekett, a•' notorious ' pickpocket, was
sentenced to six months in the County Jail by
Judge Conlan yesterday.'; She created a scene
in 5 court by abusing the Judge and all the
officials, and had, to be dragged out of the
; court to the City Prison. .■ ... t- ,
• — * — ♦
The eTAR tells the workingman how to bring
the Emporium to terms. - " / - • ,
THE GRAND JURY
HEARD CORNWALL
Books of the Edison Light
Company to Be Ex
amined.
REGISTRATION CASES.
Registrar Hinton Has Not Pro
duced the Desired
Proof.
INDICTMENT FOR FORGERY.
Arthur Arlington Tried to Palm
Bogus Checks on Rosa
Kormarony.
P. B. Cornwall, president of the Mutual
Electric Light Company, was a witne&s be
fore the Grand Jury yesterday afternoon.
Some weeks ago information was con
veyed to Frank McLennon, the secretary,
and Theodore Payne that Mr. Cornwall
knew something of the peculiar methods
adopted by seven of the Supervisors. Ac
cordingly a subpena was issued for Mr.
Cornwall, bnt when Detective Robert
Hogan went to serve it he was informed
that the desired witness had gone to the
Puget Sound country on a business trip,
la due time Mr. Cornwall came back to
town and signified a willingness, without
expressing a desire, to go before the jury.
Yesterday afternoon he was engaged
thirty-five minutes in telling what he
knew of the subject under inquiry. He
was followed by W. R. Summerhayes,
manager of the Mutual Electric Light
Company.
Whether the jury got a3 much valuable
information as was expected cannot be
definitely ascertained at this time, but
facts of sufficient importance were brought
to light to induce the members of the
Grand Jury to pursue the investigation
still further. Anotner session will be held
next Friday and the same line of inquiry
followed.
It transpires that Mr. Cornwall could
not tell the Grand Jury of any specitic
transaction in which rronev had been cor
ruptly paid to the Supervisors, but he nar
rated some of the facts brought before the
Wallace Grand Jury when he was con
nected with the Edison Light and Power
Company. The revelations in this respect
were so pertinent tbat the Grand Jury yes
terday resolved to examine the books and
accounts of tbat corporation to ascertain
if the old methods of buying Supervisors
have not been again introduced. The
Grand Jury has ample power to make this
examination, and it was decided that Hor
ace D. Dunn was the right man to look
into the books.
Action* were cited to show that the
solid seven did not extend favors without
compensation. The layor shown to the
eas company in reducing the assessment
of its Iranchise, and the prompt and easy
going manner in •whiah tho contract for
lighting public streets and buildings was
renewed, creates the impression that seven
of the Supervisors are on tne payroll of
the corporation. Payments may be con
cealed now, and the disbursements in
volved in mystery, yet, members of the
Grand Jury are still confident that a clew
will be found to trace the payments.
Should Mr. Dunn require assistance in the
examination of the books, another expert
will be engaged to help him.
Another hitch occurred yesterday in the
consideration of the illegal registration
cases. It was inferied tbat the failure to
bring forward these cases at the session of
the jury last week was due to pressure of
! work in other directions, which claimed
{ so much of the District Attorney's time
' that he could not put the evidence in
! proper form. Yesterday District Attorney
j Barnes informed the jury that he was
j ready to take up the cases, but that Kegis
! trar Hinton bad not produced the desired
| data. As a large increase in the number
of registered voters has been returned, an
I examination of the lists may be made to
ascertain if fraud cuts any figure in the
large enrollment.
Arthur Arlington, alias Llewelyn Miller
alias Charles Holmans, was indicted by
the Grand Jury yesterday. According to
various accounts of undoubted veracity
Arlington is an article quita as smooth as
salad oil. but he made a great blunder in
trying to palm off on Rosa Kormarony
three checks, respectively, of $10, $50 and
$5000, drawn on the Donohoe-Kelly Bank
j ing Company, of which James A. Thomp
■ son is manager. The checks were dated
| April 20, 1896, and bore the signature of J.
j M. Carsons. One reason that the checks
were not honored was because J. M. Car
sons was not known at the bank, and
another reason was that he had no money
on deposit there. Either circumstance
would have caused Manager Thompson to
I view the checks with suspicion, and the
I conjunction of both convinced him that
some one was seeking to perpetrate fraud.
[ Mr. Thompson was a witness at the Grand
1 Jury yesterday, and in his devotion to
i public duty probably missed the San Ra
lael boat.
Arthur Arlington, alias Llewelyn
! Miller, alias Charles Holmans, regards the
fair sex as fair game in his confidence
| operations. The fact that he has been
convicted twice of grand larceny and is
! now in jail for several other offenses did
not help his cause before the Grand Jury
yesterday.
When he sought to fleece Rosa Korma- I
rony he proposed marriage. At 3 o'clock
p. m., April 20, 189 C, he first bhw Rosa at
7WJ4 Harrison street. At 3:20 f. m. he
pro posed marriage. The twenty minutes
delay is explained by Rosa's companion,
Mrs. Teresa Hunkazy. Arlington could
not speak German or understand it. Un
fortunately Rosa could not speak or un
derstand English, so Teresa, who speaks
and understands both English and" Ger
man, required twenty minutes' time to
translate what the wooer said to the
wooed, and what the wooed saia to the
wooer. Whether Rosa accepted when
Arlington proposed is not divulged. That
is a Grand Jury secret faithfully guarded.
Edward Neumann, official interpreter,
interpreted to the Grand Jury what Rosa
Korniarony had to say for herself. She
testified that Arlington tried to take some
money from her pocketbook, but she de
tected him in the act and caused him to
desist. Arlington went to her place os
tensibly to engage a room, so be said, for
a girl aged 18, who needed special care
and attention for a certain period.
Detective Anthony told tne Grand Jury
'something about Arlington's record a« a
swindler and his peculiar knack of de
frauding women.
When tbe roll was called in Judge
Slacn's court the following members of
the Grand Jury ,resrx»nded: Prank
Maskey, Frr.dk P. McLennan, Alpheus
Bull Jr., B. E. Cheever, John P. Cline,
C. L. Haskell, H. H. Hencke, C. 8. Lau
meister, Edward Malley, Jacob Marten-
Rieln, P. McG. Bean, C. O'Connor and
T. F. Payne.
On motion of Walter Hinkle of the Dis
trict. Attorney's staff Arlington's bail was
fixed at $2000. The indictment was not
placed on the secret file.
When the planet Mars is nearest the
earth it is 36,000,000 miles away.
THE SIMJDJIY GHLL,
Wfe>#
THE GREAT FAMILY NEWSPAPER.
AUQUST;I6, 1898.
goTnToTToTnToTToyo' Tßl^^
I THE STORY AND THE GLORY 1
I OF THE GOLDEN GATE, i
• I BY JO AQUIN MILLER.  J
i°OH OOOQOQgPgoOQgQOggQgogg CO 0 0 g g 0 g 0 Q 0 &Q& 2.ZSLQ 0 P g g g OJ
o oi
i THE a
■B TWO PROSPECTORS a
0 WHO FIRST 3
g FOUND NEVADA SILVER :9:
% a
£ EARLY i
E MINING SCENES IN 3
£ . CALIFORNIA. «
| OLIVE HEYDEN'S |
1 EXPERIENCE i
|S AS A 3
I* FLOWER MISSION GIRL. 3
PICTURESQUE SCENES 3...
E THE ALONG 3
iS THE CHANNEL. 3
o «
|o AND I
r MANY OTHER a
£ EXCELLENT FEATURES I
g • . FULLY IN KEEPING 3
E * WITH THE 2
E HIGH STANDARD OF 3
THE SUNDAY NEWSPAPER.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
|3 r \ Off for a Six Months' Trip? w |
;g§ BB3^ jgl jg II BS ('©)
I PLUG I
if No matter how much you arc p
M charged for a small piece of other g
g brands r the chew is no better than g
"m "Battle Ax/ For JO cents you i
;| get almost twice as much as of g
li other high grade goods* B
910
THE FIELD
OF SPORT
As the year declines there is no dimin
ishment in the interest in outdoor sport.
The anglers are now whipping mountain
streams and reporting full baskets, while
cyclists continue to raise dust on every
country road.
The echoes of the recent big pugilistic
fights continue to rumble, kept in motion
by rumors of new conflicts.
The lovers of the rifle will have a ereat
day at Schuetzen Park to-morrow.
Every other prominent department of
sport will be found represented in the fol
lowing columns.
THE WHEELMEN.
Events and Prize Lists of the San
Francisco, and Stockton
Race Meets.
CLUB EVENTS TO-MORROW.
Bay Bity Wheelmen— Schooner ride
around the bay.
California Cycling Club— Run to Cen
terville.
Camera Club Cyclists— Picnic, run to
Lake Merced. ,
Golden Gate Cycling Club— Blind run.
Imperial Cycling — Run to Cen
terviUe.
Liberty Cycling Club— Run to Hay
wards. '
Olympic Club Wheelmen— race,
San Leandro to Haywards.
San Francisco Road Club — Run to
Lake Pilarcitoa.
Santa Rosa Wheelmen — Road race,'
Santa Rosa to Healdsburg.
To-morrow there will be numerous club
runs and a big road race of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen over the San Leandro-
Haywards course to attract the club
wheelmen. The country roads are some
what heavy with dust and touring is not
as agreeable as it will be a little later on,
but nevertheless it is better than riding in
the park and facing a blustering trade
wind or a heavy fo:^, and therefore the
largest proportion of riders now seek the
country on Sundays.
The meet to be held at • Central Park
nexr. Saturday afternoon ■will probably be
the last to be held there, as the track must
be removed the latter part of this month
to make room for a circus. The meet is
being managed by Captain Walter B.
Fawcett of the Olympic Club Wheelmen,
and he has the support of all the cycling
clubs and the Cycle Board of Trade.
The events and prizes of the meet will
be as follows: ' One-third mile scratch,
amateur; first prize, opal and diamond
pin; second, diamond cuff buttons; third,
watch. One mile match race, profes
sional, between W. A. Terrill, Bay City
Wheelmen, and Allan N. Jones, Olympic
Club Wheelmen, for a purse of $300; best
two in three mile heats. One mile handi
cap, amateur; first prize, stop watch;
second, double vest chain; third, locket.
One mile handicap, professional purses of
$25, $15 and $10. The entries close Au
gust 18.
To my mind it would seem better if
Manager Fawcett had been a little more
liberal with his prize list | for the mile
handicap, professional, and had not
offered quite so liberal a purse for the
professional match race.
The officials wbo have been invited to
act at the meet are: Referee, Sanford
Plummer; judges— H. H. White, James
M. Hamilton, F. G. O'Kane, H. F. Wynne
and F. H. Kerrigan; — George H.
Strong, George H. Str&tton, George P.
etmore, John Kitchen, H. D. Hadel
feldt; scorers— W. I. Pixley, P. G. Alex
ander; umpires — John Burke, J. Lewis,
J. S. Egan, W. J. Black; marshals— R. L.
Radke, David Marshall, F. B. Bobbins,
Harry Quinn; starter, R. C. Lennie;
cJerks <of course — L. Geldert, G. J.
Panario, A. Lewis, Charles D. Petrie; an
nouncer, George E. Dixon.
On general principles every man and
woman who rides a wheel should join the
League of American Wheelmen. Mem- !
bership in this organization, which has
been growing many years and now has
over 60,000 members, is as desirable to cyc
lists as citizenship is to any man old enough'
to vote. The fact that the L. A. W. does
not admit riders under 18 years of age may
be a bit embarrassing to the woman who
is never older than 16, but the other re
quirements are simple, $2 and an applica
tion, which latter can be had by address
ing a request to the cycling editor of The
Call.
Many of tha saddles now in use are
made of terribly hard leather. A good
way to soften them is to detach them from
the L pin, turn upside down and sprinkle
the under surface with a fair amount of
unboiled linseed oil, to be bought at any
paint shop. If this is qbjecied to upon
the score of possibly soiling the knickers,
or if the cyclist be away from home up&n
the road, here is an alternative measure.
Buy a common tallow candle, place it in
the" sun until quite soft, then, smear the
under part of the leather, end again stand
in the sun or before a fire until it soaks in.
The leather will be rendered soft and pli
able, and not the slightest stain will be
observed.
Captain George P. Caldwell of the bay
City Wheelmen has chartered the good
ship Annie E and will take the members
for a cruise about the bay to-morrow. The
gallant craft will lay to at Marin Islands
long enough for the party to enjoy a swim.
Each member will be allowed to invite one
or two friends, so that a big crowd is ex
pected. There will be a hearty lunch
served, with drinkables to suit the occa
sion. The party will leave Washington
street wharf at 9 a. m.
The California Cycling Club will have a
joint run to Centerville and return with
the Imperial Cycling Club to-morrow",
taking the 9a. m. broad-gauge boat. The
pace will be steady and just lively enoueh
to make things agreeable for everybody.
Captain Mayo will lead the Californias.
The Alameda Cyclers under Captain
Dodd and the Acme Club Wheelmen un
der Captain Swain will have a joint run to
Haywards Saturday evening, August 22,
where they will enjoy a feast of water
melons.
The Camera Club Cyclists will have a
picnic run to-morrow, the destination
being the Ocean Beach, near Lake Merced,
via Golden Gate Park and boulevard.
Members will carry lunch and also cook
ing utensils for the. preparation of hot
material. Captain Argenti expects a large
crowd and announces the start from the
Baker-street entrance to the park at 9
o'clock. Members may invite a friend if
so inclined.
It is a general axiom in adjusting to
have to loose rather than too tight a bear
ing. Wheels should spin freely and the
valve weight should rock them to and lro
for many minutes. Mere lifting of a
machine ought to set the wheels moving
unless the valves happen to be exactly at
the bottom of the wheels. A little side
play in bearings is not harmful, but a
tightened bearing may jamb or fire, and is
at any rate very hard to drive. Careless
cyclists would do well to remember that
inattention to the cleaning and lubrica
cation of their machine greatly shorten
its life. Of course everyone knows this,
but many proceed as though they did not,
The Olympic Club Wheelmen have a
milliner of attractions on the cards for the
near future. To-morrow there will be a
five-mile road race for members from San
Joe Choynski's Latest Photograph, Showing the Excellent Development of the
Biceps and Triceps Muscles of His Arms.
Leandro to Haywards, starting at 11
o'clock. Next Tuesday evening they will
have a theater party at the California.
Next Saturday evening and the following
Sunday, August 22 and' 23, acting Captain
Spillane will take the members on a run to
Stockton.
The Eintracht Cyclers, under command
of Lieutenant Horstmeyer, left for Santa
Cruz last Saturday morning to compete in
the gymnastic events and bicycle races
under the auspices of the North American
Turner Bund. The cycle races, which
were closely contested between members
of the different turn vereins of the coast,
were won by Eo Peterson, the crack rider
of the Eintracht Cyclers. The cyclers who
made the trip had a most enjoyable time,
making side runs to points of interest
near by sucb as the Big Trees, Soquel,
Capitola and Felton, returning to this City
Thursday afternoon little the worse for
their long ride.
The Imperial Cycling Club members
will have a joint run to Centerville with
the Californias to-morrow under Captain
Barrow. There will be an inviting lunch
at their destination and impromptu races
on the Centerville track afterward. Next
Monday evening there will be a members'
meeting at 8:30 o'clock.
Captain Muller will lead the Liberty
Cycling Club on a run to Haywards to
morrow taking the 9 a. m. boat. The race
committee reports a large number of
entries for the club's five-mile road race to
be held on the 30th inst. The club is
rapidly gaining in membership, ten new
names being added to the roll in the last
two meetings.
Peter J. Metcalf and Frank J. Cory of
the Imperial Cycling Club leave lor Vic
toria next week. Metcalf will race in
some of the events to be held there.
George M. Hamlin of the San Francisco
Road Club will shortly endeavor to lower
the world's five-mile road record, now
held by himself, over the San Leandro-
Hay wards course.
A match race has been arranged between
W. A. Terrill of the Bay City Wheelmen
and the fastest trotting liorse developed at
the coming State fair at Sacramento for a
purse of $125.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club will have
a blind run under Captain Black, leaving
the club at 9:30 a.m. On the same date
several of the members under the leader
ship of Walter Young will have a "sunrise
run," leaving the club at 5:30 A. M., to the
beach and return. Lieutenant W. Mad
d n and two other members made a cen
tury last Thursday in tast time.
Emil Languetin of the Bay City Wheel
men will make an attempt to lower the
world's five-mile road record on Sunday,
August 30. paced by five tandem teams
from his club, one for each mile. Ed
Chapman of the Olympic Club Wheelmen
will make a similar attempt to-morrow
after tiie Olympic Club Wheelmen's road
race.
Twenty members of the Santa Rosa
Wheelmen, led by Lieutenants Raymond,
Poat and Harry Noonan, made a run to
San Quentin last Sunday and also attended
the San Rafael road races. To-morrow
they will hold a five-mile road race over
the Santa Rosa-Healdsburg road. W. F.
Pettis wiil officiate as handicapper.
The directors of the association control
ling the cycle track at Santa Rosa cannot
as yet give out anything definite concern
ing the programme for the proposed meet
on September 9, and there is a possibility
it will not be held, as the attractions
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
offered by Stockton and San Jose are very
strong.
The events and prizes for the meet to be
held at Stockton, September 9, under the
auspices of the Stockton Athletic Associa
tion, are as follows:
Half-mile scratch, amateur— first, diamond
pin, $35; second, diamond cutf-buttons, $15;
third, pocket pistol, $7 50.
One-mile scratch, professional— first, $80;
second, $40; third, $20; fourth, $10.
One-mile handicap, amateur — first, diamond
pin, $35; second, diamond locket, $18; third,
sweater, $5.
One-mile handicap, p v ofessional — first, $80;
second, $40; third, $20; fourth, $10.
Entry blanks are now out and can be
secured by addressing A. H. Wright,
Stockton, Cal. The entries close Wednes
day, September 2. The officials who have
thus far been selected for the meet are:
Referee, Sanford Plummer; starter,
George P. Wetmore: timers, R. M. Welch.
H. F. Wynne and J. S. Seyboldt; clerk,
A. ri. Wright: announcer, C. L. Neumil
ler; scorers, W. O. Bigelow, Horace Crock
er and Robert Inglis.
With the novice record at 2:05 3-5. there
are no more efforts made to reduce that
mark. Last year saw the novice record
lowered several times, but the system of
pacing in novices has been done away
with, and Harry Clark, the champion, who
is also something of an unpaged rider, is
apt to retain his honors for an indefinite
period. Chairman Gideon of the racing
board has set his ban on pacing in novice
events. He argues wisely that beginners
have no idea of following pace and conse
quently many of them get no possible
show to win.
The membership m the League of Amer
ican Wheelmen has been steadily on the
increase. It seems to have gathered new
impetus, but efforts should not be laggard
to double the number of rider 3 that now
belong to this popular organization. Its
benefits are perhaps not sufficiently adver
tised. Many riders in the country do not
know what it is in existence for. One
tremendous effort should be made this
coming winter to enlist in the cause 50,000
wheelmen who have no idea of what con
stitutes the L. A. W., but who would
readily enter the ranks were the facts but
known. Too much credit cannot be ac
corded the officers of the North California
Division for the good work they have
done during the first half of their admin
istration, and they are still as active in en
deavoring to increase the membership and
cater to the wants and needs of the present
members.
The San Francisco Road Club will have
a run to Lake Pilarcitos to-morrow, leav
ing the clubhouse at 9 A. M., under Cap
tain Pixley. About twenty of the mem
bers attended the watermelon run of the
Terminal City Wheelmen at Stockton last
Sunday, and had a splendid time.
Allan N. Jones of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen will make another attempt on
the world's straightaway mile record this
afternoon near Mountain View, if the con
ditions, such as road, wind, pacing, etc.,
are favorable. j
Charles A. Kraft of the Bay City Wheel
men will try for the American twenty
mile road record early in September,
tandem paced. He made It in competi
tion in about two minutes slower than the
record, and did not have to exert himself
particularly then, so he rightly thinks he
can bring that record to California, and he
is going to try. SPALDisa.
PUGILISTIC NEWS.
The Eves of the Sporting: World
Are at Present on This City.
The gladiatorial world at present is at
fever heat. Fighting is in the very air,
and as thespjorts draw the saturated ozone
into their lungs it is only to whiff it out
with the keen satisfaction which comes
from a perfect knowledge that their de
sires for a series of fistic bouts are about
to be realized. This, of course, excepts
the police, who have a peculiar way of
making themselves welcome at the wrong
time.
The star feature of the cominpr pugilistic
carnival is the "go" between big Joe Mc-
Auhffe, the "Mission Giant," and Joe
Choynski, surnamed the "Chrysanth
emum." Greater interest is taken in this
feature than would otherwise have been
done owing to the fact that McAuliffe had
come to be regarded — with a single excep
tion — as a back number. That exception
was old Barney Farley, whose name is a
synonym for sportsman in this whole
broad State.
Barney clung to Joe tenaciously through
thick and thin. Never did his confidence
in his big charge abate in the least. As
Barney would rise for nis morning consti
tutional at break of day his eyes would
always turn to the golden chariot wheel
ing over the Western hills, and his lips
fondly murmur: "Some day you will
rise and view Joey the prince of them all."
Even so. McAuliffe is now matched to
battle with Choynski, and in case of vic
tory will stand a fair chance to win the
fame his faithful trainer so unselfishly
covets for him.
Under Barney's judicious training Mc-
Auliffe has made a wonderful improve
ment. His obesity has entirely disap
peared and his tine condition is manifest
Captain L. Siefee's Shell Mound Rifle Range, Showing the 50, 100, 200 and 500 Yard Targets as Viewed From the West I
Shooting Shed.
in the ruddy hue of his complexion, his
clear, bright eye and the air of confidence
with which he is imbued. When Joe be
gan training his weight was 280 pounds.
He is now at 225 pounds, and has till
August 25 to reach his fighting weight,
215 pounds. Certainly if McAuliffe is de
feated in the coming" contest no one can
set up the claim that he was not in proper
condition.
Choynski does his training entirely ai^
his home on Golden Gate avenue and the
Olympic Club. In the morning he
punches the bag and boxes Lon Agnew
and Henry Gallagher at home and in the
afternoon George Green and Peppers spar
with him at the club. Joe has been
"guyed" so much heue lately over his in
genious idea of using spring shoes to
reach his burly opponent's bead that it is
hard to induce him to do much talking
over the coming fight.
The uext event on which the sporting
eye is intently focused is the Jeffries- Van
Buskirk match. Those who saw Jeffries
do battle with Dan Long of Denver are
thoroughly convinced that he is fated to
be another Sullivan. Van Buskirk vill
certainly have no such "dub" as Jack
Davis on his hands when he meets the
hard-hitting Los Angeles boy.
Easterners at present are turning their
attention to the match lately arranged be
tween George Dixon and Tommy White,
Chicago's champion feather- weight.
Dixon is indisputably a wonder, and has
so far refused to surrender the laurels to
anybody. White has come to the front
rapidly and has already a good string of
victories to nis credit. Among those who
have sustained defeat at bis hands are
Jack Burge, Larry Burns, Marty McCue,
Harry Apfel, John Van Beest and Dan
Mcßride. The contest will last twenty
rounds, and will take place September 15
at the new clubhouse of the Broadway
Athletic Club on Broadway.
"Young" Mitchell, who is rusticating
with his invalid wife in Browns Valley,
Napa County, is expected back in good
time for the series of events scheduled to
take place under the auspices of the new
Occidental Club at Woodward's Pavilion,
August 25.
. Among the bouts to take place at that
time will be one between picked men of
the San Francisco and Phoenix Athletic
clubs.
The story is now going the rounds that
Jim Corbett is to blame for having pre
vented the Maher-Chovnski fight. He is
said to have written a letter to Maber tell
ing him that he could not get a square
deal in San Francisco, as Choynski had
frienas of influence who would induce the
police to stop the contest if it were going
against him.
Maher showed this letter to "Young"
Mitchell in the presence of William
Dailey, and asserted that as he trusted
Jim he would not fight even for a purse of
$10,000.
Danny Needham, who arrived in New
York last Saturday, will train Sharkey for
his fight with Corbett. »Needham is out
for sotne fighter's scalp himself, and says
he is open to any man in his class.
Charles E. Davies declares that he has
Armstrong, the colored boxer, still under
Joe McAuliffe, the "Mission Giant," as He Will Appear In the Ring With
Choynski August 25.
Ms voice and desires to match him against
Jeffries of Los Angeles.
RIFLE AND REVOLVER.
Many Important Events on the
Several Ranges This Month.
At no time in the history of target
shooting in this section of the country
have there been so many interesting
events on the tapis as there are during
the present month. Important events
have been scheduled for the entire month
of August. On the 2d and 9th the ranges
at Schuetzen Park and Shell Mound were
in active use by the California, the San
Francisco Schuetzen clubs, the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club and many military
companies.
To-morrow and the Sunday after the
California Schuetzen Club will hold its
annual prize-shooting festival, mentioned
elsewhere in this article. At the Shell
Mound range to-morrow the following will
hold forth: San Francisco Schuetzen
Club, practice; Red Mens' Shooting Sec
tion, monthly medal contest; and in the
militia, companies A, B, F, L, and the
Knights of the Red Branch will contest
for monthly medals. On the 23d inst. the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club will hold
its bi-monthly shoot at Shell Mound.
The fifth Sunday in a month is usually
regarded as the off day, but it will not be
so this month. On the 30th the San Jose
Turner shooting section will open its new
range near San Jose and marksmen from
all over the State will be in attendance,
for many valuable cash and merchandise
prizes have been offered.
The turners' range has just been
finished, and from all accounts it is the
most modern and complete as to mark
ing, recording and scoring appliances of
any west of tbe Rocky Mountains. Shoot
ing will last two days, Sunday and Mon
day, and the festival will be concluded by
a grand ball and distribution of prizes on
Monday evening, August 31.
Committees from the turners have vis
ited this City recently to invite all the lo
cal rifle clubs to participate in opening
the new range. All have accepted. The
local turners will attend in a body in uni
form. The California, San Francisco, Co
lumbia, Grueth and other clubs of sharp
shooters will be represented by delegates.
Stockton, Sacramento, Petaluma and
other interior cities will also be well rep
resented.
The annual prize-shooting festival of the
California Schuetzen Club will open to
morrow at Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
fael. The second day's saoot will be held
on the 23d. The entire range of twenty
targets will be jn nse all the time. On the
point target the best centers will be care
fully determined by a machine measuring
to the thousandth part of an inch. On
these targets there will be forty prizes,
ranging from $30 to $1.
In addition there will be twenty-five
cash prizes, amounting to $178, for the
most points made during the day. Marks
men wishing to compete for shooting
king must take out king tickets for ten
shots at $3, and the one shooting the most
rings will be crowned Shooting King and
raceive a diamond medal worth $50. Ten
special cash prizes ranging from $8 to $1
will also be given in this match. On the
man target, which represents the upper
part of a man, forty cash prizes ranging
from $30 to $1 will be given. In this event
the line shots count. On the honorary
target there will be seventy-five valuable
merchandise prizes, estimated to be worth
$1000, given to the best marksmen. The
25-ring German targets will be used. A
beautiful and valuable silver goblet will be
awaided to the marksman making the
best average on the king, point, honorary,
man and members' targets.
The cash prizes on the point and center
targets will be distribute d on August 20 at
413 Kearny street. The general distribu
tion will be held August 27 at Eintracbt
Hall, on Twelfth and Folsom streets. All
the local marksmen will attend the shoot
ing festival, and many in the interior cities
have promised to be present. The turn
ers of San Jose will attend in large num
bers.
The question as to which of the several
targets now before , the public shall be
adopted by the marksmen ■ of the United
States as the standard is still under dis
cussion in the East and West. The prefer :
ence seems to lie between the old twenty
rive-ring German target and the new Co
lumbia target, which was originated by
F. O. Young of San Francisco.
Mr. Young has received letters from all
over the United States, in which the
writers heartil;; indorse the target because
of its simplicity in count, fairness to the
marKsmen and because it gives the full
value of every shot and every score of
shots. Briefly discribed, it has an inch
center numbered 1, and half-inch rings or
circles numbered from the center to ' 26.
The black is twelve inches in diameter,
this size being the least trying on the
marksman's eyes, and at shorter distances
the t arget is not reduced in size, as on
many others, because in preserving the
full size of the target the values of shots
are preserved as well. • The * most zealous
opponents are those .who, by long practice,
are wedded to the German ring target. '
An amusing case of ballot-stuffing on
the target question vote is recorded from
Wilmington, N. J. .The ; secretary of a
rifle club there sent in a vote of thirty-one
names in favor of the German ring target,
and added that he was authorized to vote
the names of 2000 riflemen of New Jersey
for that target. The idea of there being
2000 marksmen in the little bailiwick of
New Jersey has set the marksmen of the
country laughing. In the international
shooting tournament in Wilmington in
1889 there were scarcely 500 present, and
three-fourths of these came from other
parts of the country.
F. J. Rabbet, the well-known rest-rifle
shot of Boston, 'has recently issued what
he calls a standard ring target. His bulls
eye is the same as the Columbia target,
numbered from 1 to 12, half inch circles.
The 13 is an inch circle, the 14 a 2-inch
circle, the 15 a 4-inch circle, the 16 an B
inch circle, the diameter increasing by
doubling. Outside of the 16 ring all shots
count 17. This arrangement, he explains,
is for the benefit of the "poor shots."
This is very considerate of Mr. Rabbet.
Considering that he shoots at rest and
wants the full value of every shot, he has
at least been good enough to himself to
keep the Columbia's bullseye at half-inch
circles for his own use. Let ■us see how
the poor shots fare on this target. Sup
pose A bunches a score of five shots in the
16, close to the 15 ring. B's score of five
shots are also placed within the 16
ring, but close to the 17 ring.
Both score 80 points, or rather
they tie, yet A has shot about eight inches
nearer to the center than B. Wherein lies
the fairness of this system of scoring, and
why should A be so badly handicapped
by the target? I think Mr. Rabbet's pro
duction as bad a failure and as much of a
freak as the old standard American target.
The amusing feature of the controversy
on the "merits" of this target is that Mr.
Rabbet and his friends, after appropri
ating the principles of the Columbia target
in the blacK, innocently request those who
have adopted the Columbia target to
"make a few concessions" and accept Mr.
Rabbet's mixture. , The Columbia's friends
will not make any concessions. . /
- The question of copyrighting the Colum
bia target has also been raised in connec
tion with the matter of cost. ' Mr. Young
has settled this by putting the Columbia
target lower than any of the others. Not
withstanding the' few apparently labored
criticisms of the Columbia target it is rap-,
idly coming into favor with all the rifle
clubs in the West, who not only appre
ciate its merits, but desire to use the home
product; wnile in the East thousands of
marksmen are speaking loudly in its favor.
Within the past ; month the interest of
many local marksmen has been directed
to the use of small arms, and by the end
of the year it is' likely . that we > will have
pistol and revolver shots equal to any in
the East. ' Many of the marksmen in this
line are members of the Columbia Pistol
and ! Rifle Club, and ' the new . revolver
match has caused many to cast about for
the best revolving weapons they can find.
At first the 32-44 ■ revolver was shut out,
but at the last meeting of the club this
bar was . raised. .J. E. Gorman, A. rH.
Pape, C. M. Daiss, F. O. Young, Dr. L; O.
Rodgers and others have already entered
the contest, which, being a re-entry
match, gives opportunity for; some fine
shooting before the year is over, and as
there is a valuable trophy and three cash
prizes in sight i the competition promises
to be keen. At present most of the marks
men are making experiments in - order to
secure the best : revolvers and ammuni
tion. In this line Pape did some good
work the other day.
He reloaded with smokeless powder,
full charge, a lot of shells which he shot in
a 38-caliber Colts v army 1894 model re
volver. The smokeless powder worked
well, as may be judged from the annexed
score of twenty- five shots, made on a re
duced military target at fifty yards:
6 6 4 6 5 6 6 5 4 6—48
5 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 5 4—49
4 6 5 4 5 .... .. ....:, ..—23
A run of 120 out of 125 is not bad. It
seems that many marksmen are afraid of
the smokeless i powder, J and condemn it
after using light charges. "'" Their fears are
without foundation, and excellent results
can be obtained by using for a charge all
the shell will hold.. However, the bullet
needs to be seated, so that it. can start
easily. - Crimping the shell; should be
avoided. , ■ ■ , M. J. White.
GUN AND RIFLE.
AI Wieland Baars a Magnificent
Buck.
Next Sunday the last shoot of the sea
son for the Lincoln Gun Club will take
place at Alameda Point. Members will
all be classified and shoot in their re
spective classes fqr a purse of $150. The
first class shoots for $45, the second for
$40, the third for $35 and the fourth for
$30. Each money is subdivided into a6O
and 30 per cent ratio. The shooting will
be at twenty-five birds.
After the club shoots some new features
will be introduced at the grounds. One
will be a club shoot freeze-out and the
other shooting at twenty-five birds with a
division of money under the Rose system.
Th>s will be the first time the idea has
been tested on this coast.
Arrangements are being made for a Jive
bird shoot and picnic at Greenbrae for the
third Sunday in September.
A week from to-morrow the Olympic
Club will give an open-to-all live-bird
shoot at San Bruno.
On the 30th inst. the Pacific Tourna
ment Association will hold an open-to-all
bluerock shoot on their grounds at Ala
meda Junction. A very pretty gold medal
will be given to the novice making the
best score in this event.
The Golden Gate Gun Club will try their
hand at bluerocks August 16 at Alameda
Junction.
The Alliance Club will hold its regular
bluerock shooting event at Webster-street
bridge to-morrow. The regular tourna
ment of this club will take place Septem
ber 6.
The final shoot of the California Wing
Club will be held on the same date at San
Bruno. This will be a live- bird event and
the winner will receive a gold medal.
M. O. Feudner leads for the medal with.
67 out of a possible 72. All in all he has
lost five points. Feudner already holds
the Fay diamond medal for the State
championship in live-bird shooting and
the coast record for bluerocks.
At the 100-bird race at the Empire
grounds, on Alameda Point, Feudner won
'the 100-bird record match with a score of
93. One run of 49 straight was made.
C. G. Bellington was second with a score
of ftOand A. J. Webb third with 87.
Al Wieland made a lucky shot and
bagged a large buck near Tamalpais !ast
NEW TO- DAT.
__. Sure
Consumption
and lung troubles
New YORK, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call: — I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently ; hopeless cases have • been . greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So p roof -positive am 1 of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits,- I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for. same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. Slocum, M.C., 83 Pearl St., New York.
We publish the Doctor's letter in full for the benefit of
our readers. There will be no mistake in sending— thl
mistake ■will be in overlooking the generous offer— £»
fa//. Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treat mont of all Chronic,
Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men
and Women. All diseases of the Eve,
Ear, Head. Throat, Lun-js, Stomach, Liver
and Bowels, Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
Trouhles, Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
and Varicocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured. Loss or partial loss of manly
power and vigor in young, middle-aeed or
old men positively restored. Weakening ,
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, cause paralysis, insanity and pre-
mature death ; quickly, and permanently
stopped. : Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones ' and causes more
physical and mental suffering than any
other known disease thoroughly and for-
ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART, BRAIN, NERVES AND
BLOOD. If. you have a dizziness of the
bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger: or death, a, dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent nnd feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
, the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY.
THE POOR of this city who call at nil
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free. ;
WIIITB
Your. troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, German.
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish. ,
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
DR. F. L uWEAni, San Francisco. CaL
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.week, and now is thinking of going to ! '.
India for elephants. j <
Ned Fay, the crack shotgun artist and i i
incidentally proprietor of the Grand Hotel <
bar, is about to add another to his already i '
long list of victories in the sporting fielu. j
A year ago. it will ba remembered by i
sportsmen, Ned won the first of the series :
of three shoots for the diamond badge put !
up by the Marysville Appeal.
On the 23d inst. the second trial will be i
shot off, and after a careful scrutiny of '
tne entries Fay has concluded that he will
have a harder game this year than he had
last. This second trial will be shot off at
Shelton's Grove, near Marysvilie, on the '
date named, and is already the subject of
lively speculation among local shotgun |
sportsmen. The following letter is self
explanatory:
Marysville, Cat... Aug. 11. 1896.
Ed Fay. San Francisco— Friend Nkd : I am
requested by the managing committee of the
Appeal medal shoot in conjunction with the ;
dove »tew to notify you that the shoot and
stew will take place here at Shelton's Grove,
Punday, August 23. Kindly send names for
invitation. Yours truly. 'E. B. Horxu>"G.
Rilled Deer, Kabbits and Bird*.
The "Annual Slaying Club' returned
from the chase yesterday with lots of
game and stories. The president is Henry
Helberg of Ninth and Bryant streets,
who is a clever shot as a trained Schuetzen
Vereiner, but on runninc and flying targets
he finds it different. It is the same with
the other members, who are Messrs. Rich
ard yon der Mehden, John M. Foge, George
Alpers and Fred Russ. The party started
out Monday last for Crows Canyon, in the
San Joaquin, by way of Stockton. At the
Slough City they took a camping outfit
and started for their hunting goal.
As none of them were pathfinders it
took a day and a naif to find the canyon,
during which time Mr. Russ, who makes
and drinks malt liquids, reduced the sup
ply ol" steam beer to such an extent that
it was found necessary to patronize the
riDpling mountain streams. This, Mr.
Iluss says, interfered with his deadly aim.
However, between the use of shotguns
and Winchesters they had an enjoyable
time. Uelberg killed a three-pronged
buck, which proved to be a heavy fellow.
The second deer that fell was fired upon
by the balance of the party, each of whom
claimed the killing, but as the animal bad
only a bullet-hole through the neck Foge
claimed him because be cot there first.
Tbe record foots up tive deer, sixty cotton
tail rabbits and 275 birds, hot to mention
the trout that Alpers caught.
THE ANGLER.
Fishing Parties Are Engaged In
Whipping Mountain Streams.
The season for the capture of trout will
not expire until November 1, but never
theless news, keeps arriving 6f famous
hauls made by local fishermen and lovers
of the Waltonian pastjme in the interior.
Doc Cracknell, the veteran all-round
angler, writes from Spokane Falls, Wash.,
as follows: ''We are catching fish here
right along. Yesterday we caught 148.
Nearly half of them weighed over two
pounds, and the largest was a rainbow
over five pounds."
M. J. Geary of The Call, commonly
considered the amateur long-distance fly
caster of the State, in company with A.
R. Crowell of the Breeder and Sportsman,
as appropriately deemed the amateur
champion short-distance fly caster of the j
State, are whipping tbe Truckee river.
Already the Sierra Nevadan breezes are
beginning to waft back fabulous tales of
their catches.
Captain George Cunningham and a
party of seven are purchasing new and
improved tackle preparatory to a trip to
the Willamette River in Oregon.
Saturday next John Sieoe and A. G.
"W illiamson are going to try their luck at
Tamalpais and later on will journey to
ward tbe Truckee.
John Butler, the long-distance bait
caster of Sutter street, is corraiing nis
friends and his tackle for a trip to tbe Eel
River, in Mendocino County, in Septem
ber.
Lawrence A. Williams and a companion
recently caught 114 trout in Cedar CreeK,
Mendociuo County, in the short space of
an hour.
Attorney J. A. Cooper of Ukiah, a mem
ber of the Sportsmen Protective Associa
tion, has made some fine catches recently,
it is whisi-ered sub rosa, but he himself is
said to deny the allegation.
All the streams in the northern part of
the State are said to be teeming with
trout, they having been liberally stocked
by tbe proper authorities last summer.
Rattlesnakes hto. said to abound this
year, especially in Fieta Creek, and several
narrow escapes are recorded.
THE OARSMEN.
Arrangements for the Stockton Re
gatta About Completed.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Athletic Association, with S. J. Pem
broke as chairman, has about perfected ar
rangements for the Stockton regatta on
Admission day. Entry blanks have been
sent to tbe different clubs which will have
representatives in the races, and at the
last meeting of tbe committee tbe/ re
ceived a sanction from the Pacific Athletic
Association to make the affair a cham
pionship event, the winners of the differ
ent races to be the champions of their re
spective classes for the years of '90 and '97.
There will be seven events on the pro
gramme and the races will take place in
the following order: Senior dingle scull,
senior outrigger skiff, junior four-oared
barge, junior single scull, intermediate
class, four-oared barge, junior outrigger
skiff and senior four-oared barae.
The first race will be called at 1:30 p. m.
sharp and the other races will follow
thereafter with an interval of ten minutes
between each race, and any crew failing
to appear at the starting line within three [
minutes after the last call being given by
tbe marshal of the course will be disquali
fied.
Kvery boat must carry club or indi
vidual colors at tbe bow of the boat and
must forward with a list of entrants the
design and color adopted for the race, and
no one will be allowed to participate who
fails to comply with this rule.
An entrance lee of $5 for a four-oared
barge and $1 for a single scull and outrig
ger skiff will be charged as a guarantee of
tbe irood faith of each entry, and will be
refunded to all starters.
There will be first and second prizes,
consisting of gold and silver medals, but
no second prize will be awarded un
less there are at least three contestants in
the event.
The Pacific Athletic Association guaran
tees to furnish as great a proportion of tbe
transportation expenses as the funds set
aside /or tbe regatta will allow, and a»ks
all metnbers of the association to take an
active interest in this regatta and lend
every aid to make it the greatest regatta
ever held on the coart.
The course over which tlie races will be
rowed will be a mile and a half, with a
turn, or three-quarters of a mile each way,
aud will be the same course over which all
previous races have been rowed.
The entries for tbe different events will
close August 31, and all ontries should be
forwarded to S. J. Pembroke. 118 O'Farrell
street. , . ...
Local oarsmen are working like beavers
petting themselves into condition for the
regatta, and according to the accounts of
Robert Ellis, tbe crack skiff rower of the
Ariet Ciub, who has just returned from
Stockton, the Stoclctonian oarsmen are in
great form and will give any of the local
men a hot race on September 9.
The Dolphins hare now swung into line
with the rest of the clubs and intend to
make a showing in the regatta. They
would enter a crew in the Stockton races,
but their barge came near being wrecked
a short while ago. and the boat-bu:lders
claim it couldn't be repaired la time for
the races. . ■
They will enter T. R. Keenan in tho shell
race and John Coughlln and W. O. Patch
in the outrigger skiff events. The men are
in training from the South End and Ariel
clubs at Long Bridge owing to tbe rough
ness of the water at North Beach.
j. committee of Dolphin members con- j
sisting of T. R. Keenan, E. N. Sullivan
and W. O. Patch wa6 appointed to arrange
for an inter-club regatta to be held in
October, and P«uer yon Iladein of the club
will donate tbe prizes for the event.
Al Racouillat of the Ariel Club will not
row at the Stockton regatta, owing to the
serious illness of his brother.
YACHTING.
The Fawn and the Catherine Will
Race To- Day.
In the perpetual challenge cup race to
day the Fawn will be distinguished by the
letter "E," which is identified with
Encinal, and the Catherine by the letter
"S." which represents San Francisco.
The Fawn, it is learned, will be manned
by the following crew: Captain, James T.
Rosseter; J. A. Landsbersrer, Edward
Holmes. L. Ward, George Dillman and
George Leonard.
The members of the syndicate owning
the Fawn are confident that in a strong
breeze their boat will win. Her ballast
will hereaf'.er be carried outside instead of
inside, as a ne*v leaden shoe has been
placed on. A brand-new suit of racing
and working sails were bent on the Fawn
this week, and now her owners are confi
dent that she is the fastest boat of her size
in tbe bay.
At 2p. m. the start will be made from
thp narrow-jrauee pier, and the race will
be over the Encinal course. It is expected
that with a good stiff breeze the boats will
traverse the course in about two and a
half hours.
J. Mattoon's new yacht will be launched
from Stone's ways at Belvedere in a few
days. She is 33 feet over all and 24 feet on
the water line. Captain Mathew Turner is
her designer.
To-day eleven of the Corinthians' fleet
go up the Sacramento Kiver for a two
weeks' cruise. The rest of the fleet will
accompany them a short distance and give
them a grand send-off.
SEA FISHING.
Various Species of Fish Hauled In
by Local Anglers.
Bay fishing continues good, and large
catches of rockcod, smelts and various
other kinds of the finny tribe are daily
reported from the principal fishing
grounds.
Last Tuesday Fred Manson, the well
known angler, went out with a companion
and caught 76 pounds of red and blue
rockcod at Cavalio. The largest was a
blue rockcod weighing Z% pounds. There
were five that weighed over 2 pounds
each.
The same day Al Thompson and two
friends caught about 90* pounds of rockcod
in the region of the Lime Point fog
whistle.
Monday last Fred Barrett and com
panion caught over 100 smelts at Target
Kock, opposite Sausalito, several of them
weighing from IJ^ to 1)4 pounds each, and
measuring from 16 to 18 inches in length.
Tomcods are getting quite plentiful, and
good catches have been made on the fish
ing banks a few hundred yards off the
Sausalito shore.
Kingtish are also to be caught in the
same vicinity. The largest haul of tom
cods yet reported ia one made a few days
ago by C. Forrest.
BASEBALL.
Zahn Signed With San Francisco.
Wheelmen to Cheer.
There will be an unusually good game
on Sunday next, the make-up being as
follows:
San Franciscos. Positions. O»klands.
W. Scott Catcher ...Agnew
H. Ibent Piicner bhea
il. Murrliy First base Dalmas
V. MoDahan Second base Keating
I*. Sweeney Third base Walters
H. Krug Shortstop Arlelt
J. i#OD»rd Right field Hardie
HL Zaun Center Held Feeney
li. Levy Left field— Davis
M. Zann has been signed with the San
Franciscos.
JacK Donovan, captain and first base
man for the Oaklands, whose ankle was
badly injured during a recent game, is
now improving and will be able to play
ball in two or three weeks.
The Oakland Baseball Club has pre
sented tickets to tbe Acme Club Wheel
men, who will appear in a body to cheer
for their favorites across the bay. The
San Franciscos, not to be outdone, have
complimented one of the local clubs of
wheelmen, so there promises to be plenty
of excitement.
SWIMMING.
Olympic Swimming Club Rises
Phoenix-Like From Its Ashes.
Up to the first of last November a pretty
fair swimming club existed within the
sacred confines of the Olympic Club build
ing, but owing to a lack of co-operation on
the part of the officers it died a natural
death. .
Since that time the Olympic and Pacific
swimming clubs have, in a way, united
to give exhibitions at Sutro's Baths. Under
the new club management, to be inaugu
rated in September, the swimming annex
will be reorganized, and an especial
attempt made to revive the ladies' nights,
so popular during the last two or three
years.
These nights will be informal affairs,
with a short programme of features.
Prizes will be given for the various classes
of performers, and different kinds of races
will be had.
Great preparations are being made for
the coming Pacific Coast championship
meeting, to take place at the Butro Baths
on August 30, September 6 and 13. Charles
Cavill, champion swimmer of Australia,
who is on his way to England to compete
for the world's championship, is in active
training at the Sutro Baths, and the local
champions will have their bands full to
defeat him at any distance up to 1000
yards. The coast championship race for
one-quarter mile is set for August: 30, the
half-mile for September 6 and the 1000
yards for September 13. All the swimming
cracks from San Diego to Victoria are get
ting in trim for the forthcoming events
and the tournament is expected to prove
th c grandest natatorial occasion seen on
the coast for a long time. Any one de
sirous of entering should send in his name
as soon as possible. ...
♦ — —
Coursing.
Coursing men will receive a genuine
treat in the card that is presented at Ocean
View to-morrow. Some of the best-known
flyers of the City are entered for the meet
and, with tbe fast hares for which the
park is noted, the sport should be first
class. The new management has proved
itself capable of handling a big meet and
the running of to-morrow should satisfy
tbe most fastidious.
Following is the result of the drawing
that tooK place at Delta Hall last evening:
Harkaw»y vs. Mission Boy, Bill Nye vs.
Snowbird, Simple Simon vs. Domino, Marguer
ite vs. Captain Morse, Tullamore vs. Hand
spring, Nellie C vs. Eclipse, Lord Clifton vc.
Regent, Bendalon vs. Kellance, Ben Brush vs.
Weely Monitor. Gripman vs. Move On, Ange
line v«. Little Tom, Molly Bawn vs. Evening
Star, Tommy Hall vs. Rosa B, White Cnief vs.
Fairy, Maud G vs. Long John, Wee Nell vs.
California Violet.
Prizes are: $25, $15, $6, $6.
Officers— Judge, John Urac« Jr.; slipper, P.
Brophy.
In addition to the regular state the
finals of last Sunday's coursing will be de
cided, Sly Boy, Torn Hayes and Sam being
left in.
Following are the dogs that will com
pete in the interstate coursing meet at
Ingleside Park to-morrow:
Decaiver vs. Nellie Conroy, Flashlight vs.
Granuaiie, Uasak vs. Whip Jr., Skyball vs.
farcaKtic, Right Bower vs. Flyine Buck, Ivy
vs. Fear Not, Alameda vs. Mohawk, Laurel
wood vs. Spiraway, Babe Murphy vs. Emm
Pasha, Govern- Tim vs. Ruby, Belmont vs.
Said Pasha, Sdn . iCtor vs. Eldridge, Mowdyne
vs. Magnet.
Handball.
Colonel John Iliordan has arranged an
attractive programme of games for the
BanFranciico court to-morrow, Besides
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
the usual list, the lirst rub in the boys'
competition for a gold and silver medal,
offered by Phil Ryan, the proprietor, will
be played. Eight boys have entered, and
great interest is being manifested in the
result:
Following is the liat of games:
P. Hutchinson and D. Connolly against J.
Lawless and J. McEvcly, P. Kelly and C. Sulli
van against J. Slatteryand W. Kelly, J. i'eeney
and G. Hutchison ugainst R. Lenihan and J.
Nelson, R. Murphy and J. White against J.
Collins and W. Stansbury, M. McXell and G.
McDonald against P. Ryan and D. Rodgers, J.
Rlordan (coast champion) and J. C. Nealon
against T. F. Bonnet and P. Donnelly (amateur
champion).
At the Union court to-morrow the chief
attraction will be the deciding game for
the heavy-weight championship between
Joe McAuliffe, the Mission boy, and Terry
McManus, one of the proprietors of the
court, who at present claims the charn*
pionship.
Last Sunday they played four games at
the Mission Athletic Club court and each
won two. The deciding game to-morrow
will De well worth seeing. Among the
other games to be played are the follow
ing: Tim Jordan and T. Lenihan will play
R. Murphy and M. McNally; J. Roger and
J. Lavigne will play T. Fahey and G.
Maguire; and J. Harlow (the ex-coast
champion) and Al Pennoyer will play
against R. Lenihan and J. J*. Feeney, the
crackajacks of the court.
California Schustzen Club.
On both Sundays, August 16 and August
23, the California Schuetzen Club will hold
a grand prize shoot at Schuetzen Park,
near San Rafael. There will be many
points of interest and costly prizes
of various kinds, as well as cash
prizes, for the winners of the various
events. The shoot is open to all comers.
The boats will leave the Tiburon forry on
both days of the festival at 7:30, 9:30 and
11:30 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 p. m.
Football In the Northwest.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 14. — The Pacific
Northwest championship games are practi
cally assured Portland. The games were
scheduled to come off in Seattle, September 19,
under the auspices of the Seattle Athletic
Club, but the only available grounds there
have been turned into a bicycle track, with a
high-banked track, which does not allow suffi
cient straightaway for a part of the races, and
the banks are so high that runners could not
conveniently pass one another in the mile
run.
Both Seattle and Tacoma write that they
will have no football teams this season, due to
the fact that the sport is not sufficiently well
patronized on the sound as to encourage the
necessary effort and expense to get good teams
together. Port Townsend expects to play the
game as usuai.
The Muitnomahs were expecting to put an
unusually good team in the field this year, and
with that end in view the board of trustees
appointed Messrs. Sanderson Reed, Percy
Blyth, Wesley Ladd, T. J. Raley and Otto
Burckhardt as a special football committee to
co-operate with the athletic committee. It is
not known what effect the decision of the
sound clubs will have on the sport as far as
Portland clubs are concerned, but it is not un
likely that both the Portland and Mulmomah
clubs will have teams, just the same, as no
doubt the Corvallis, Eugene and Saiem col
leges will have teams, and a sufficient number
o; games could be arranged forthwith.
A series of games between Portland and
Multnomah alone would not be a bad card,
and tne old-time rivalry between the two clubs
would insure interesting sport.
THEY WANT PURE WATER
Customs Employes Find Live
Creatures in the Water Fur
nished Them.
Clerk Jce McGary Swears Positively
That Hs Wi.'l Never Take
Another Drink.
Consternation reigns in Federal circles
ana all because the water furnished them
is not what it should be. It is full of bugs
and worms and all manner of repulsive
looking creatures, causing the hair of the
abstainer to stand on end, and forcing
those who imbiba a little "just for the
stomach's sate," to mentally take the
pledge.
The water for the Appraiser's and Cns
tom house buildings is furnished by the
Spring Valley Company. Up to a few
weeks ago it was a first-class article, as
water goes, but at that time certain little
irregularities began to appear. First came
clean, fresh-looking worms, followed later
by little creatures having much tne ap
pearance of a miniature crawfish.
These were all allowed to pass unnoticed
nntil yesterday, when Joe McGary, con
nected with the Fostal inspector's office,
drew a glass of water from the hydrant
with which to quench a burning thirst— a
kina of relic of the night Defore. With
One of the Creatures Found in the
Water Drunk by Custom-llouse
Employes.
tremblintr hand he carried the glass to In
spector Munro, and in husfcy tones asked
him if he couid see "anything alive." He
was told that something of that kind was
to be observed.
"Thanks," murmured Joe to his supe
rior. "I will not do it again."
Other officers in the two Government
buildings complain of the bad water. They
say there is great danger of employes taking
to cider or some other hard drink unless
the evil is immediately arrested. Collector
Wise yesterday notified the water com
pany of the condition of affairs and urged
that the cause of the impurities be re
moved at once.
THE HOBURG DIVORCE.
The Attorney Interposed No Objection
to His Wife Sec urln B »
Decree.
The divorce suit of Mary Gibbs Hoburg
against Attorney Frank T. Hoburg was on
trial before Judge Hunt yesterday. As was
expected, the defendant did not appear to
contest the case. His Honor heard Mrs.
Hoourg's testimony and granted her a
divorce on the erouod of extreme cruelty.
Judge Slack eranted Anna Tracy a
divorce from William Tracy because of tne
iatter's willful desertion and neglect.
Judee Hunt divorced Emma J. Hendy
from George W. Hendy, on the ground of
willful desertion.
Judj?e Sanderson granted Eliza Walters
a divorce from John Walters, because of
the latter's desertion.
Supreme Court Notes.
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed the
decision of the Superior Court of Los Angeles
in the case of tne People against Romer. Tbe
defendant was charged with murder in the
st court decree and convicted. The appeal was
based upon technical reasons, which the Su
preme Court adjudged insufficient.
The decisions in Finkelday against the Om
nibus Cable Company and Mary J. Pleasant
against David Samuels were reversed.
She Will Be Deported.
Wong Sue, the pretty Chinese girl detained
as a witness against Wong Sam, was dismissed
from' custody yesterday. The cases against
Sam having been dismissed there was no
longer any occasion for her detention. The
dismissal as a witness, however, does not end
the troubles of Wong Sue. She^ill be held by
Collector Wise, and a suit to have her deported
will be instituted to-day.
WILLIAM EDLIN
WILL BE FINED,
Guilty of Obstructing the
Sidewalk by an
Address.
RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH
Jury Lost Sight of an Excepting
* Clause in the City Ordi
nance.
THE CONFLICTING TESTIMONY.
The Verdict Warns the Socialist.
Labor Party Not to Obstruct
the Streets.
William Edlin, a student and proselyte
for the Socialist - Labor party, who was
arrested on tbe evening of August 1,
and charged with obstructing the side
walk, had his trial yesterday afternoon by
jury before Police Judge Charles A. Low.
At the time of his arrest by Patrolmen H.
William Edlin, Found Guilty of Obstructing the Streets by a Socialist- 1 abor
Party Speech.
H. Murphy and T. P. Reardon he was ad
dressing a crowd near the corner of
Folsom and Sixth streets.
The courtroom was crowded. The only
woman present was a Mrs. Schwartz of
Oakland, who also has faith in the
principles of the Socialist-Labor party,
and is a friend of the defendant.
Arnold W. Liechti, a young attorney,
appeared for Edlin, and the State's
interest was looked after by Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Arthur Mack.
The six jurors were R. Isleman, M. Gallin
berg, 0. Serven, P. H. Pendleton, F. A.
Brown and R. Shainwald, mostly business
men.
The principal witness for the prosecu
tion was Bernard Meyer, who made the
complaint to the police about the meet
ings because they interfered with his pre
rogative as an American business man to
sell groceries and steam beer. He keeps
a grocery on the northeast corner ot Sixth
and Folsom streets. Mr. Meyer testified
that the crowd obstructed the sidewalk so
that customers could not come into his
store, used profane language and made
lady customers timid.
The police officers told the story of
having been instructed by their lieutenant
to disperse the meeting; that only when
Edlin insisted on his right of free speech
and refused to stop talking did they
arrest him. They testified that it was not
a public meeting and that the speakers
had no permit from the Board of Super
visors to hold the meeting. Both testi
tiod that tbe sidewalk and half the street
out to the cartrack were obstructed.
For the defense Mark Leitus testified
that he did not 6ee Edlin speaking on tbe
night of August 1, and he said he was at
the meeting from the beginning to the
end. "When told to move away by the
otlicers," he said, "we moved down to the
Socialist Labor Hall, at 970 Folsom street,
twelve or fourteen doors away from the
corner, and it was there that Edlin was
arrested. The side wait waa not ob
structed."
Toe court here said : "There are plenty
of places to hold meetings beside the
street. Nobody objects to people holding
meetings, but they should try to do it so
as not to discommode other people." The
court suggested that "'an elegant place to
hold a meeting would be at ihe beautiful
statue" ne.nr tne City Hall.
Attorney Lif'ii'i contended that it was
not necesaury uuuer the laws of California
to get a permit to hold a public meeting.
"Did you get a permit to hold a meet
ing?" asked Prosecutor Mack of the wit
ness.
"Don't answer that question," directed
Attorney Liechti.
"I don't know whether it is necessary to
get a permit or not," said the court.
The testimony of the other witnesses for
the defense, who were Louis J. Gordon,
Frank Neidl and the defendant himself,
was to the effect that Edlin was not speak
ing on the corner when arrested, but was
in front of tbe ball; that the sidewalk was
not obstructed, for people were passing to
and fro upon it all the time; that it was a
public meeting. Edlin said he moved from
the corner when requested to do so by the
police; that he opened the meeting and
was speaking a second time when ar
rested. "I told the officer." he said, "that
the constitution of the United States gave
me the right of free speech and that I
meant to maintain it."
W. U. Harvey, who does business on
Folsom street, two doors from the corner
of Sixth, was called in rebuttal by the
prosecution. He said Edlin was arrested
twenty-fiv« or thirty feet away from bis j
place of business, and that the hall was
still 200 feet away. Tbe sidewalk was so
crowded that he could hardly get through.
In his speech to tha jnry Prosecutor
Mack said he did not deny the right of
free speech, but it should take place in the
right place.
Liechti made an energetic address to the
jury. He said: "The only question is,
was this a public meeting or not? The
people have a right to hold public meet
ings, and this was one. The city ordi
nance says that the police shall disperse
crowds that obstruct the sidewalks
except on occasions of public meetings.
Suppose William Jennings Bryan should
come into tbe City, would not the
people have a right to assemble to
hear him, and would be have to go to the
Supervisors and get a permit to speak?
No. It is a right guaranteed by the con
stitution for the people to assemble peace
fully and discuss public questions. If you
strike at that you strike at the foundation
of the Republic. The Supervisors recog
nized this fact and guarded against it in
the exception clause of the ordinance.
"In a political campaign the interests of
one man should be yielded to the discus
sion of questions which are of the greatest
interest to all.
"The police," be continued, "are par
ticularly instructed in the case of public
meetings to make a free passage through
the crowd. That is what the officers
should have done; that was their duty,
but they did not do it. They told him he
could not speak at all, and arrested him,
probably for political reasons. The
Sociaist Labor parry is as much a political
party as any other party. It has National.
State and municipal tickets in the field."
Tbe charge of the court was impartial.
After five minutes' deliberation the jury
returned a verdict of guilty. It was a sur
prise to most of those in the courtroom.
The court will pass sentence on Edlin
this morning.
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
It Condemns the Jury for the Con
viction of the Socialist
Orator.
At the meeting of the Labor Council last
night twcrdelesjates from the committee
of tne Delense Association of the Social
istic Labor party submitted a series of
resolutions condemning the action of the
court in the case of William Edlin, the so
cialist speaker who was arrested and con
victed for disturbing the nublic peace and
obstructing the streets while conducting
an open-air meeting ou Sixth street, near
Folsom.
The resolutions submitted were adopted
and the followingjresolutions were drafted
by the law and legislative committee of
the council, which embody the same
thought as the resolutions submitted by
the socialists: I
Whereas, The right of free speech and
peaceable assembly has again been invaded by
police in the arrest of a public speaker on the
streets of San Francisco on the l»t iusL, and
whereas, these wanton attacks upon the peo
ple are excused by the authorities on the
grounds thßt a permit from the Chief of Police
is necessary to held open-air meetings, there
fore be it
Jiesolved, By the San Francisco Labor Council,
in regular session assembled, that we declare
the ri^ht of Tree speech and peaceable as
sembly to be vested In every citizen by the
National and State constitutions; that that
right is inalienable and in no sense de
pendent upon the will of any official, and that
if the principle of official permission is once
recognized free speech and peaceable assembly
cease from that moment to be rights and be
come merely privileges which may be granted
or withheld at the pleasuroof the authorities;
and further be it
Resolved, That we emphatically protest
against the assumption by the police and
courts of power to override the basic law of
the Nation, and that we look upon the frequent
recurrence of the arrest of public speakers
and the breaking up of the meetings as part
of a policy of public expression, and there
fore highly dangerous and should be con
demned by the strongest possible expressions
of public determination to conserve in their
entirety every right of American citizenship.
W. Macarthuk,
A. FURUSETH,
T. F. BUBN'B,
C. E. HAWKES.
It was further decided to hold an open
air meeting, at which addresses will be
made protesting against the interference
of the police with the expression of free
speech. The executive committee will
meet next Wednesday night and take
action on this matter.
There will also come up at that meet
ing the question of Labir day. It has
virtually been decided by the council to
recognize lhe National day set aside for
that holiday in preference to the day set
aside by the State of California. The
National Labor day occurs on the first
Monday in September.
J. Lavigne was elected as delegate and
trustee oi the council from the Coopers'
Union.
Socialists Indignant.
At the regular meeting of the Jewish
Brancti Socialist Labor party, the follow
ing resolution was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, A member of the Socialist Labor
Earty who was arrested a short time ago for
olding a public meeting has to-day been con
victed by a jury, and whereas, such a convic
tion must necessarily infringe upon the rights
of free speech guaranteed by the constitution
of the United States, and whereas, the evi
dence plainly showed that it was an orderly
public meeting held under the auspices of a
regular organized political party; therefore
Resolved, That we, the Jewish Branch Social
ist Labor party, in regular meeting assembled,
most profoundly enter our protest against the
verdict of the jury, and call upon all organ
ized labor and the daily press to assist uts in
our fight for the maintenance of free speech.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
furnished to the daily press ol this City.
• — • — * 1
Read what The Star h*s to say about the
Tiger being unchained. •
mil!!
WANTS ft DIVORCE.
Her Husband's Former
Lawyer Will Plead
Her Case.
QUICK CHANGE OF HEART
Three Months Ago She Wanted
Only Alimony, but No
Separation.
FEAKED THE OTHEB WOMAN.
John P. Inglis, Contracting Agent of
the Union Pacific, May Soon
Be Free.
The domestic troubles of John P. Inglis
and bis wife Marion are again to be aired
in the Superior This time the air
ing will be done through the medium of a
suit for divorce brought by Mrs. Inglis
against her husband. Incidentally this
same suit has developed an unusual cir
cumstance, which interests the lawyers
even more particularly than it does others. I
Early last March Mrs. Inglis sued her j
hsband for maintenance, and subsequently j
to enjoin him from leaving the State. In I
these actions the defense was represented |
by Attorney Miller, who proved a bitter j
advocate against Mrs. Inglis. There was
much bad feeiing, so the story goes, be
tween the complaining wife and the coun
sel that fought her all along the line.
Matters weni along since then in an un
certain way, and now in the divorce pro
ceedings her old enemy appears as her
counsel.
This is the peculiar point of the pro
ceedings, ai:d it is said to contain a story
of influence on the part of Inglis over his
wife in making her forsake her former
lawyer for one who fought her wiiile re
tained by her husband.
Inglis is the contracting agent of the
Union Pacific Railway in this City. He
married Mrs. Inglis thirteen years ago,
and, according to the complaint filed by
her last March for maintenance, they lived
happily toeether until another woman
estranged his affections. At that time she
did not, want a divorce. She set forth in
the complaint that in case of a divorce
having been granted she believed he would
marry her rival, and then there would be
much difficulty in getting alimony. Pend
ing the suit the court granted Mrs. Inglis
$55 a month alimony.
Inglis himself then claimed that she
bad possession of his stamp album, which
he valued at $500 to $600. She was
ordered to make a deposition regarding
the album, and in doing so she stated that
the album was in possession of a Mr.
Franklin at the Sutter-street carhouse.
Franklin was called on for the valuable
collection of postage«stamps, but he de
clared it was not in his possession, as he
had given it away even while Mrs. Inglis
was making her deposition.
Attorney Miller wanted to have her
punished for contempt, but Judge Slack
held an opposite view of the matter and
let it pass.
Inglis resigned his position May 1, but
later on reconsidered his decision, with
the result that he still remains with the j
Union Pacific Company.
Hearing of his resignation. Mrs. Ingils
broueht suit to enjoin him from leaving
tbe State or disposing of his minine stocks
valued at $5000.
Tbe last two months have made a re
markable change in the plans, as she now
chartiea Inglis with cruelty and wants to
be legally separated from him for that I
cause. But her old attorney who won the
former rights has been cast aside for her
husband's lawyer, who will now fight j
Inglis in court. Tbe divorce will leave j
Inglis a free man, and consequently it is
expected that some settlement has been
made, and that the other woman will soon
come upon the scene in a new light.
O. W. Marye's Estate.
The estate of Orrick W. Marye, the stock
broker who committed suicide at the Baldwin
Hotel about three months ago, was yesterday
appraised at $13,338 79. of which $11,731 29
is in cash.
NEW TO-DAT.
lafflflnu "I ■ \ m.
IF TOD HAVE A GOOD ARM TOD ABB
proud of it. You ought to be. because it
denotes power, strong, manly qualities. It
would not be nature If you were not proud of i
your Btrength-T^therii would be If they had
it, and yet muscle is not all. Muscle don't
go far without nerve back of it. The real
manly power is the power of nerve*, the
heart and the other organs. /That is born of
electricity, and when wasted by excesses it J
can ;be regained by saturating , your body
with electricity every day from
DR. SAWDEIf 'S ■ ELECTRIC BELT.
Presuming that you ■ get in a tight ; pinch, ',
where quick action ; is necessary, then your
nerve Is put to the test. Very few strong-
muscled men are quick to think and act, be-;
' cause they have , weak r nerves — nerves that
are slow and sluggish. What good, then, is
your muscle? ~ , [, , . ; ., * . ■. .
, "I feel- It my duty to let you know that your
Belt has done for me all that you bare recom-
mended it to Co.' v The Improvement In one month
Is wonderful, " writes M. J. Gorman, Golden Eagle
Hotel, MarysTille, C*l., . August 6. 1806.
strong nerves you can easily culti-
vate muscle. Without them muscle don't
count for much. Be strong every way and
you" can boast of your manhood. Now are
you lacking in any respect, in muscle, nerve, •
heart \or other organs? ■ Bear in mind all
these depend upon animal magnetism— Elec-
tricity— tor their support. If you are weak
■you need Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. f
' : Dr. Sanden's little book, "Three Classes
of Men," : has some valuable information for
you. It is worth sending for— -free, closely
scaled, by mall. Consultation free.
; SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. » Otsio« Hours; 8 a. m. to
8:30 jp. «•: bundays, 10 to !.>. - r •
Consultation Freo and Invited.
; ,-.,., OFFICES AT:
LOS AJSOEUCS, CAU, I PORTLAND, 08,
, .-> Mi boutb Brottdwuy. : [ Ssa WatbKuttoa attest.
: _ _ RAILROAD TRAVEL:
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31,
And Kvery fifth : Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s ' Ferry Landing, foot of
Market St. at 8:00 p. v.
COCPIAI ) Af n Indfading Barth,
OrtUIML ' Ul U Tourist Sleeper.
nfITCO v A 1 n First-class, including
RATES > SI 9 Boi % e f^ &rd
For further Information apply at 613 Market
! treet (Grand Hotel ticket office). S. F.
i RICHARD OKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOI Till: pacific cohpakt.
• . (pacific imm.)
Tritlai Icstv mill nee «ln« to nrrire nl
SAN.'.rUAKC'ISCO.
t,KA7* — FtlOM Jus»7. 1-SP6. — ARRIV«
■»6:00 x Nilea, San Jose and Way Stations. . . B:4Sa
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og'len and Kast.. *•■».■»»
7:00 a Benida, VacaTilie, Rurosey. Sacra-
mento, OroTille and Bedding tj»
Davis «:45p
; 7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calls. >
toga and Santa Eoaa 6:1
SiSOANilea, Sail Jose, Stockton, lone.
. ' Sacramento, Marysville and Red .
U1nf1t......?.. ........; «:ISi«
; •S»8Oa Peters aud Mlltou *7:15p
', •sO«a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa •
Barbara and I. os Augclts... « - 4:43*
«:OOa Martinez and Stockton 1 1:4» »
! 9:00 a Va11ej0......;-. .:..... , 6:lSp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and LiverLioro - 8:4-"» * ■
, •l:OOp Sacramento lUTer .Steamers *O:O0p
f 1 :3 Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7«4B*
4: OOP Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Callstoga, Bl Verano wic
SauUEosa.. •»*»*
•tOOr Benicia, VacaTilie, Woodland,
. Knichts Landing, MarySTillGk ,
Ororille and Sacramento ......... 1«:43*
4:SOp Kites, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton .... .....:....; 7i15»
4W3#r Merced, Berenda, :• Raymond (for •■'- . .
Yosemite) and Fre5n0............ 11544 a
Sl**r New Orleans resno. Bakers.
field, Sarta IWrbam.l.os Angele&
I)cd jug, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
2ast 10«15a
BiOOp Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
forMojaTe and East IC:l5a
B:OOr "Vallejo 11:45 a
' •■OOp European Mail, Ogileu and I'iast.... 0:45 a
; «:OOplliiy\vnrilii, N'.len and Kan Jose 7:13 a
t7:OOp Vallejo.... t7'.43p
i>. 7>OOp Oregon Kxprass.Sacrumento, Marys-
; Title, Redding, Portland, l'tiget
Hound ami Kast ....: ..IO;4»A
' SAHTA <HI Z IUVIsiON (.\arroir f\nt;c>.'
"17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Hanta Crua
" • and Principal Way Stations }S:Mr
I Silßa Newark, (.'eiitervilli'.Siin.loae.Felton,
Jlouldrr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations. :.......... sis*r
I *SilSp Newark, Ce'.iterville, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Koulilsr Creek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations.. «I1»20a
| J4tltir Newark, Ban .lose anil l.<« <;«t05.... 1f9:30A
j COAST DIVISION (Tliinl .V Tonrnsenil Sin.)
*«:45ASan Jose ami Way Stations (New
-' Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)...,,., 9:47*
' 37i30a Sunday - Excursion for San Jose^
Santa Cruz, Pacitlo GroTe, ana
Principal Way Stations..... I9it3r
•:1S a San Joso, Tres Piuus, Santa Cm*.
Jacllic OroTe. Paso Rubles, Sa»
J,iiis Olitspo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7H>sp
19t47A Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
IO:4Oa San Jo'"^ad Way Stations... 8:00p
lIiSOa Palo Alto anil Way Stations 3:30p
•S:3Wp Kan Matco, Menlo Park, Kaa Jus*
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cms,
< Ballnas,Monterey and PacilicGrove *IQ:4Oa
*8:!t0r San Jose, Pacifio Grove and Way _ „
Stations ........................ "l;30F
♦itSOp San Jose «md Way Stations.... *»:«j«la
SiSOp San Jose and Principal Wuy Stations *Si4hA
6:30p San Jose aud Way Htat10n5......... «::j.->a
H«:43i- San Jose an.l Way Stations +7:4Sp
' SAX LEASUKO AMI HAfWABDS UHiAL*
••6:OOa 1 T ~~. ~7 7:15 a
8:OOa I »9:43 a
iJJ'So'aI e,Bcmln*rrP«rt, Wilt
"b^oSp Fltebb B rf,SMLe»!idro "fjjgj
«;■ «*• I »=«;
7:00p v B:4'V
oloop < Rons through to Niles. lolso'
ttllilSpJ ' FromNUes. j. HI 8:00 r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN /RaKCISCO — Foot or Kirket Street (Slip 8)— ■
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. »:00 »2:00 J3:CJ
•4:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m.
from OAIUHR— Foot or BroidriT.— s : 00 8:0«
. 10:00 A.M. »2:00 ■•1:00- 42:00 *3:30 H:«
*S:OOp.m. ■ - - ■; ■ ■
■-- A for Kerning. . P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. - t Saturdays only
 .. . J Sundays only. • -..'■-
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. ,
§ Saturdays ami Sundays for Santa Cruz.
| *1 B'indavs Hi'! Miw> r « *»«"> f("«nta Crn* ■-. S
SMFR4MSCO& NORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.: 12:8*
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 P. v Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Si
and 11:30 p. if. ■
6DNX>AYB-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.! 1:30, 3:301
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. *.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays— Extra irlM
at 1:65 p. it. and 6:35 P. x.
SUNDAYS— 7^S, 9 :ao, 11:10 A. K.I 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m. . .
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park saroa
schedule as above. .
- ' Xieaya In ..J I -'Arrive ■
I •an Francisco. A p,n v, Ban Francisco.
Wmek I Sun- DeaUnSloiJ ■' Bow - I WjcbkT
Pay*. I bays. WBUnatlon^ PAYa . | d ays ,
7:30 am 1 7:30 am Novato, 110:40 am: 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 PM 10:10 AM
6:10 PMj 5:00 Pif Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Fulton, r
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
• , ■ . -iHealdsburs,
% ' I Geyservllle,
8:80 pm 7:30 am | Cloverdale. 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
— - _____
Pieta,
7:30 AM Hopland & 10:10 am
8 :30pm I 7:3oam Ckiali. 7.30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am \ 10:10 am
. - 7:30 am ' Guernevilla. 7:30 psj
I 8:80 pm ■ v J ■ 6:15 PM
7:80 am 7:30 am I .Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and .•■ ,
6:10 pm 6:00 raj Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm 0:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7 am 1 s,, ha .tonol 110:40 AM 110:10 am
8:80 1 6 :00 pm[ &eoaatopot - j 6:06 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for UarK West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skueci Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i*akeport; at
; Eopland for Lalceport and Bartiett Springs; at
! TJkiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
i Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lane, Porno, Fetter
I Valley. John Day's, Blverside, Lierley's, Buck-
I nells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevilla,
i (Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mentiocino City,
Yon Bragg, Waatport, Usal, WUlets, Cahto, c*>
I yelo. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
: .. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rediMwa
Met : ;-'.' '-■ ■ ••' - ■ - ■ ' ' '-'•"■
' On Sundays round-trip tickets to ' all point* : ba-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle building,
B. & WHITING. R. X. RYAN, -
, . .-- .- Gen. Manager. ■ Gen. Pas?. Agent. ■
Atlantic "ttfegg^
\r 3.CITIC ij§|li|*is>*§sw
Trains leave and arrive at l^fe^^^^^^W
Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FElXPßESS.^^^^^^^
To Chicago via A. & r.Cs£s«3KxQVrn|l
Direct Line w»<»i>^®O i
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., carrying . Pullman
Palace Draw Ing-room Sleepers,' also Modern Uj> :
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, * with clean linen
' and bedding and in charge of a porter, run dally
.through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis. *«tßM&p'4BWM9M«j|
' Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
I'-aisas City, Chicaeo, Montreal ' and the Whits
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
'-,". The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new tie*; no dust; interesting scenery)
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. ■
, Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building*
Telephone Mala 1531.
TORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
, — (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, comrnpneins June 15, 1898.
;. . WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and Bail Rafael — 7 :00, *B^oo
*9:15 10:15, '11:15, a. m.: •1:45,3 :.0. 4:15,
5:16, *B:00. 6:35 p. M. „,-.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, vVednes-
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 P. M. .
■ 7.",., SUNDAYS.
For Mill : Valley and San Rafael— *B :oo, *fl:0:),
•10:00, 11:30 a. x.;**l'<i:3J, »1 :30, »'2:15, »4:00,
: 5:30, 6:45, 8:30 P. M. Exit trip to Sausalito at
11 :00 a. M.
Trains marked • • run to San Qnentin. «*12 :30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. ■:.
; ;-. , ...» .,- : , THROUGH TRAINS. '<• -
* For Point Reyes J ana wuy sections— o a. m.
Sunday a. ; - v ; - . ' ....
* For Point . Reyes, Cazadero and > way stations—
! 8:00 A. m. Sundays: 1:45 p. M. weekdays.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U«E DAMIAJJ A 151 T IEKS, f U.Ji
great Mexican Remedy; gives JdwUU» <M 4
|»tt»osUi V) tint «»**tt»i u<|»a*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined againi
All Cereals quiet.. '
Oat and Barley Hay lower.
Feedstuffs unchanged. .
' Beans weak and dull.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Vegetables in overstock.
Butter and Eggs weak. Cheese firm.
Eastern Poultry sold well.
Fresh Fruits plentiful.
Dried Fruits quiet.
borne changes in Nuts.
Honey crop shor er than expected.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool and Hops neglected.
Hogs lower. ■ .
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means hieh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "iow" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "Men" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure failing to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depaetmesi of Agbictji<
tuek, Weatheb Bcbeaq, San Fbancisco, Aug.
14, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations la California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 102, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
92, San Luis Obispo 86, Yuma 110, San Francisco
65, Los Angeles 84.
ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature 65,
minimum 55, mean 60.
The pressure is somewhat below the normal
throughout Oregon, Utah and Arizona. Partly
cloudy weather prevails throughout the region
from Central California northeastward to Mon
tana. A trace of rain has fallen at salt Lake City.
Occasional light sprinkles of rain are likely to oc
cur in the mountain regions of Northern Califor
nia and in Nevada and Utah during the next 24
hours-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight August 15. 1896:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Saturday
fresh westerly winds
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair; cooler at Winnemucca Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy and somewhat threatening weather
Saturday.
Arizona— Parly cloudy in north portion: gener
ally fair in the south portion: cooler at Phcenix,
Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Sat
urday; brisc to high westerly winds.
W. H. il AMiro.v, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14— In the early
trading at the Stock Exchange the tendency of
prices was downward, London cables reaching a
slightly lower range for American securities.
Arbitrage houses sold about 6000 to 7000 shares
of St. Paul, Louisville and Nashville and certain
of the low-priced Issues. An average decline of
about % per cent resulted, bat the dealers were
less demonstrative than of late. The continued
ease of sterling exchange and the ability of stork
exchange borrowers to secure funds at 3 and 4 per
cent created a little more bullish feeling. As the
day advanced and it was cabled from London that
Mr. Balfour in Parliament had slated that the out
look for the settlement of the Venezuelan boun
dary dispute had improved, the market developed
positive strength.
As of late, the shorts were the heaviest buyers,
and it is not amiss to say that investment orders
are few and far between. This condition is lively
to continue until the commercial situation im
proves. The reports of failures from day to day !
and the indisposition of the banks to lend money
on time is not lost sight of by any means by stock
operators. As a rule the best prices of the day
were current about 2 o'clock. One of the leading
bears was a prominent buyer at this time, and it
is estimated that he succeeded In covering about
10,000 shares of Sugar and St. Paul. Manhattan,
however, scored the greatest gain, rising from 74
to 78y 2 .
Sugar rose from 100% to 100%: Burlington
and QuiiK from SS3/s to 60; consolidated Gas
from 138% to 143; 'tobacco from 55% 10 57%
and Northwest from 91 Vi to 93%. In the special
ties Minnesota Iron fell sto 41 and rose to 51.
New England was bid for at 20 against 35. the last
reported sale at the Stock Exchange. Louisville,
■New Albany and Chicago stocks were steady on
statements by President Thomas that the com
pany will contest the claims of the Beattyville
bondholders to the end. Present officials of the
Motion 1 ompany assert that the Kuurantee of the
bonds were irregular. In the late dealings Man
hattan dropped 2 and the general list V 4 to %.
Speculation closed easier in tone, net changes
showing gains of i/ 4 @25/ 8 per . cent, Manhattan
leading, General Electric, Tobacco and Louisville
and Nashville a slight fraction less.' Total sales j
were 201,757 shares, including 54,300 Sugar and
3800 St. Paul. The bond market was higher;
salts $1,022,000. Chesapeake and Ohio four and
a halfs rose iy t067%: Burilngton and Quincy
fives. 5 to 90: Kansas and Texas seconds, 1% to
50; W abash seconds, 2V4 to 67; Lack a wanna and I
Western first sixes, to 125: do. registered fours 1 1
to 72.
In Government bonds. $5000 coupon fours of !
1925 sold at 113, 4000 do 1907 at 1063^0106% :
and $10, 000 coupon lives at 119.
Grain.
FLOUR— Quiet, unchanged. Wheat, low grades,
$1 7('@2 Mi: do fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40;
do patents, $3 4r>ia:-. 75: Minnesota clear. $2 40 I
(a 2 40: do straights, $2 95r<£3 40: ao patents,s3 15 !
(a.4 20: low extras. $1 70(g,2 sj: city mills, $3 90
--do patents, $4 15(0,4 35; rye mixture, *2 40fti
2 90; superfine, $1 tiO@2ss: line. $1 50@2 05. Rye
flour, dull and steady, at $2 40<g,2 75.
CORN JIKAL- Steady. Yellow Western. $2 05
(£2 10. *
RYE— More active. No. 1 Western. 373/icf b.
bales 6.000 bushels No. 2 Toledo at 37Vicf o b.
BAKLEY-Qnlet: 3314 cf. o. b. .*
BARLEY MALT— DuII. Western, 48@53c.
• WHEAT— DuII, easier. F. o. b., 65~5,4c: nn
graded red, 56@b6c; No. 1 Northern, 64 Vic.
• Options were more active aad irregular, closing
weak at 1/4 C 'decline with the West and on local
realizing, with trading entirely locaL September
an<i December most active. No. •£ red: August.
61% c: >eptember, 62c; October. 63c; November,
64% c; December, 61% c; May, 68% c.
COKN— iiull, easier. No. 2, 2b%c elevator
2!»V2C afloat.
Options were dull and weak at Vs@Vic decline
with the West. September most at ttve. August
snd September, 28y a c; October, 2914 c; December
»0»4c: May, 32VsC
OA'l S— ModHrately active.
Options— Dull, firmer. August, 21c; September,
20 %c; October, 20 %c-
S|,oi prices: >;o. 2. 21Vic: No. 2 white. 26c; No.
-2 Chicago, 2ayjc: No. :». •20%c;-No. 3 white.
23% c: mixed western. vl©23c; white do, 21®
28c; white State, 21@i2Sc. / ,
< rovjsioin.
- LAKD— Firmer, quiet. Western steam, $3 65
bid; city, $3 25: September. $3 55: refined,
stead}', quiet;. continent. $3 45: .^outn American,
$4 60: compound, 3%@4yS< c . ' ' •
' FINANCIAL.. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
-4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
•' - BRANCH OFFICK ; - -" • " ' ,
128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6823
J. i'l'BUy, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. rsayjL.su W«Ut JNJEW YOBld
PORK— Steady, quiet. Old mess, $ B@9 25 ; new
mesa, $B@B 75. i ■■' '
■ BUTTOCK— Firmer, falrdemand. Western dairy. ',
9@l2c: do creamery, il^@l6c; do factory. 7%
©lie: Elgms. 15c. . -• . '{%
CHEESK- demand, firmer. Part skims,
2@oc; full skims, l@lVic
KGGS-Stendy. Western, fresh, ll@12c; do,
fi case. $1 50@2 40.
TALLOW— .'Steady. City, 3@3 11-16 c; country,
3@3y g c.
COTTON SEED OlL— Steady, quiet. Crude, 19®
20c: yellow. 2'J34@23c.
KlCK— Steady. .Domestic, 3@5%c: ■ Japan, 4&
4U6
MOLASSES— DuII, firm. New Orleans. 27®37c.
COFFEE— Barely steady; unchanged to 15
points down. August, $10@10 05: September.
$9 70®9 85: October, $9 30@9 35: December.
$9 10@9 15: Marcn. *3 10&9 15: -May, $9 05@
9 15. spot Kio, easier, dull. No. 7, 103,4 c.
SUGAK— Ka»- quiet, steady. Fair refining. 3c;
centrifugals, 96 test, 3s/gc. '
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, old, B»,i@
4c: do three-crown. SOoVic; do tour-crowu. SV2 C ?
do London layers, fl@l 15; do clusters, $1 25
@1 40.
A I'RICOTS— Boxes, BVii@loc; bags. B@9c. '
PEACHES— t>yo@By c; peeled, 13®
14c. '
HOPS-Qnlet, steady. Pacific Coaat,3<S>6y2e. Lon
don market unchanged.
WOOL-Easy, domestic fleece, 16@20c; pulled.
15(a.31c; Texas, 7(3,1 2c
Merchandise.
Tin JRON-Quiet, steady; American. $10 25®
12 50.
lOFPER-Steady; lake. #10 80@10 85.
LEAD- Steady; domestic, *2 76@2 HO.
TlK— Steady: straits, $11 30® 13 40; plates,
steady, quiet.
SPELTEK-Qalet; domestic 83 80@3 85.
CHICAGO MAIiKEIS.
CHICAGO, lit, Aug. 14 — The wheat market
to-day was, in comparison with yesterday and
Wednesday quite a dull affair. The liquidation in
September had oeen general. The tone of the
market was not very strong, but there was a steady
undertone which prevented prices from displaying
an extremity of weakness. That new wheat is be-
□ lug to move with some degree of ireedom in
the Northwest tends to deter buyers and checks
an advancing inclination. The receipt* in that
section to-day were 420 cars against 341 last Fri
day and 177 a year ago. Chicago received 150
cars and Inspected 78,355 bushels. Liverpool
cables were steady. A steady tone in the New
York stock market was urged In explanation of
the more confident feeling in grain. Export
clearance* amounted to 173,000 bushels. (.losing
Continental cables were higher. In the last fif
teen minutes the crowd endeavored to dispose of
wheat bought earlier, the consequence being that
prices slipped away rather quickly, i September
wheat opened from 6iVsc to 65c, Bold between
sji/s® 5 6 c and 6434 c, closing at 65c bid, W?- 3 ,8 C
under yesterday. Estimated receipts ldr to-mor
row 170 cars. ,
CORN— There was no decided hear feeling, al
though the prospect of an advance was conceded
to be rather indefinite. The steal iness which
marked the tone was doubtless caused by the
heavy inspection from store. 889,628 bushels.
Receipts were 739 cars, 69 more than estimated.
Liverpool cables were firm. ExDorc clearances
amounted to 121,149 bushels. May corn opened
at -7c. so d between 27c, 27Vs c and -*>•?■+<-'. losing
at the inside Vie under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 600 cars. ■ ■ ' • ,
OATS— Were firm. The cash demand for old
oats and the scarcity of the article with the con
tinuation of reports of detriment to the crop all
contributed to the improved feeling. ,; Receipts
were 324 cars and 48,314 bushels were taken from
store. May oats closed Vs c higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts tor to-morrow 305 cars.
FLAX- Easy. Southwestern,- 68@69c, closing at
68c: September, 69<&69-i/4c: December. 72c. Re
ceipts were 1 37 cars. • -.
PROVISIONS- Product exhibited strenth which
was indue consideration' of the fact that hogs bad
advanced b@loc. The trading did not show a cor
responding improvement; however, and but scant
interest in the market, was shown. Prices eased
off later s@;>y 2 c. January pork closed 6c lower,
January lard unchanged and January ribs 2%c
lower, : . .
BUTTER— The market was firm and, consider
ing the limited offerings, quite a good business was
transacted.
Creameries— Extras, 16% c: firsts, 13%@14%c:
seconds, 10@llc; imitations, fancy, lt.'dt.lc.
Dairies— Extras, 13c; firsts, 10V>c: seconds, 9c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%®10c; firsts, B@sy £ c; packing,
stock, 6@7c: grease, 4<s6c.
EGGS— \Vere easy. Offerings were liberal and
the demand slow. Fresh stock, BVjt@9c ft dor.
MONEi— Was steady at b(g»7% botn for call and
time loans. New York excuaugu sold at 10c dis
count.
Closing Prices. ' - - .
WHEAT — August, 64Vic: September. 56c;
December, 58% c. :
CORN— Aueust. 22y B @22Vic: September. 22%@
22% c; May, 263^0.
OaTS— beptember. 16@lt>y 8 c; May, 19y B e.
September. *6 30; January, $6 97%.
LARL)— September, *3 25; January-, *3 50. . .
lU.fca— SepiemDer, $3 25; January, $3 47%.
.Livestock. . „■
UNION STOCKYARDS, li,i», August 1 * 14.—
Offerings of cattle were moderate, the demand was
active and prices steady to stronger. Packers were
good buyers of hogs and. as the supply was light,
prices were firmer, and s@loc higher. The sheep
and lamb markets were firm.
CATTLE— 4000. Fancy beeves, $4 60
(£4 70: choice to crime. 1600 to 1800 lb steers,
$4 75<a4 55; good to choice steers. 1500 to 1700 lb,
$4 15@4 30; medium steers, 1100 to ) 350 lb. $3 80
@4 10: common to fair steers. 950 to 1200 lbs,
$3 25 @ 3 75: rou-h Western steers, $2 90®
3 40: feeders, 900 to 1200 lb. $3 25@3 70; steer*,
500 to 875 lb. $2 40@3 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 HU(S)'S 50; bulls, poor to cnoice, $1 75
($2 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. $3 tiOCg)
4 20; cows, fair to choice, $2 2C(S3 50: cows,
common to fair canners. $1 10@2 10: calves, good
to choice, 85 35(a>5 60: calves, common to good,
$3 00@5 25: Texas grass steers. $2 35@3 10:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 75@2 25; stern can
ning steers, $2 65(a4; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 10(a,3 50. milkers and springers, ft head,
$20@40.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,000. Heavy packlne ana
eblpplns lots. $2 85£$3 1&: common to choice
mixed, $2 90@3 25: choice assorted, $3 30®
3 35: light, $3(0i3 35; pigs. $2 70 8,3 36.
bHKi-P — iieceipi.i. 600u. inferior to choice,
*1 75(g3 25. lambs, Jf3ao7s.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Plums— Japan. $2 per half crate: Egg, 55@65c;
! other varieties, 45c@$l. Prunes— Gros, 95c@
$1 35 per half crate: ■ Italian,. $1 05: Fallenberg,
8S(d.00c: German, 75@)0c Pears— Bartletts, 50c
(ail 30 per box, and 3:>(g>4oc per half box: Ciapps's
favorite, 65c. . Peaches— Crawford clings, 65(a,90c
per box; late Craw fords,. 65@90c; Decker's Tus
can clings, 85c: Early Crawfords, 36@<<5c; Sus
quebannas, 60@80c: other varieties. Sf><aH.V
CHICAGO, ill,, Aog. 14.— The Earl fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows*
Bartlett Pears-80c@$l 10. Grapes— $2 30
%> half crate; Fontainebieau, $1 30@l 60. Prunes
— Italian— sl 25@1 40; Gros, 60c@$l. Plums-
Egg, 70@85c: Busquehanna Peach, 65c@$l 10-
Foster, 50@60c. .
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 14.— G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
Failures for th» week have been 298 in the United
Slates, against 196 last year; | and 36 in Canada,
against 48 last year.
An extraordinary spell of hot weather has inter
fered with trade throughout the East.' With cooler
weather there i came on Thursday a ; perception
j that the Bryan meeting would not affect business.
But other conditions were not stimulating. Ac
cording ;to Government reports the crops have
sustained serious Injuries, Labor difficulties ex
■ tend and the closing of estimates for want of work
I and the refusal of commercial loans by the banks
j checked op rations in many branches of Industry
I and trade. ■ The week therefore closes as the last
j week did, with domestic business unusually dull
for the season.
. There is evidence of greater confidence In the
stock marke which began to appear on Monday.
The average of sixty of the most active stocks
had fallen to $40 85 per share, a decline of over 7
I per cent for the week, so that prices, were actually
I the lowest in seventeen years since the first month
1 after specie resumption. Trust stocks had also de
! clined *2 78 for the week. There was some selling
by foreign nouses, but there was a general feeling
of capital investor* here that might not yet be the
best time to buy. Men of more confidence put up
prices a little on Tuesday and still more on Thurs
day, so thai the week closed with an advance
averaging 95c per share for railroads and $1 32 for
trusts. „ . . . . ..,..:
Railroad earnings for the • first weeic in August
were 3.1 percent smaller than last year, and the
Chicago eas bound tonnage was over 4 per cent
lower than last year. The Government crop re
port for August was so gloomy that a great rise in
prices would have lowed if it had been entirely
credited. In fact, wheat rose about %c, but again
declined, closing only a fraction. higher for the
week. Corn declined through the week, closing
over a cent lower. Cotton advanced a sixteenth
because of continued reports of injury Iron
products were reduced 20,704 tons weekly In July
and has been further reduced since August, while
unsold sto ks Increased 26,192 in July.
The stoppage of a large share of the Connellsville
Coke Works ana of many lake iron mines is an
indication that two . combinations do not believe
anything could be gained by reducing the prices of
materia.s. ami the main difficulty is the obviously
extreme narrowness of demand for finished prod
ucts, which is so small that most transactions are
at some concessions even. from the current low
prices. With Alabama No. 2 ottered at $6 50 at
Birmingham, equivalent to $10 25 ■ here, the mar
ket Is not large enough to support prices of eithpr
copper receded to its quotation of : last week'
lln also sold be!o-.v current quo;atlons " at l.i 36
cents, and with sale of 800 tons lead weakened to
S* •' ■' C6QtS>
• The boot, and shoe industry is approaching the
end of orders at hand, and gradual advances in
the prices asked tend to the restriction of new
orders. •' .'■■■- '■■"■■-•-. ■-...■ i .-.-.-■._. ,
heather is scarcely changed In price, many of
the tanneries having ceased operations: but hides
are 6 per cent lower for th- week, and have de
clined 1.43 per cent during the last five weeks.
The woolen market makes little Changs, with
not more than a third of the machinery now run
ning, and the demand for goods does not Im
prove, ulthoiuh prices for some Important jrrades
have been further -reduced. ■ Nor - l?as "mprovl
ment appeared in cotton goods, although the cur
tailment of production for some weeks has been
grout* ; ....'.■. . .
_ It is a step toward recovery, not quite pleasant,
but sure,' that merchandisa imports since July 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
are 18 per cent less, while exports are 16 per cent
more - than <• last ; year. i It - means ' depression . of
trade, but also decrease of foreign indebtedness. •:
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. Bank clearing
1 • totals at the principal cities ; for the week ended
August 13, with comparisons, as telegrapaed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York  $476,807,163 ...... 40
805t0n.......... 75,656.540 8.2
Chicago 71,110,879 :..... 8.4
Philadelphia 61,922,130 *...... 6.6
St. Louis.....'. 21,4. 16,-186 ......'..:;..
Pittsburgh... . 12,496,6*4 ...;.. 2.0
Cincinnati.... .......... 10,704.060 • 9.1
8a1tim0re....... 12,126,;*49 12.0 ......
San Franci5c0.......... 12,003,104 .....; 15.6
Kansas City ......... 8,444,709 ...... 14.1
New Orleans 7,091,518 11.4 ......
Louisville. 4,701,638 ...... 13.5
Detroit...... 8.291,854 11.2
Minneapolis.. 6,697,769 1.2 ■;..*.:.
Cleveland 5,662,104 6.1
Providence....... 3,8-'O,BOO ...... 22.9
Milwaukee 3.859,009 20.9
1nd1amw0115. ."..........' 3,0»8,535 19.8 ......
Buffalo... ■ 3,910,480 ...... 6 9
St. Pau1....... 3,347,305 19.8
Omaha... 4,009.785 16.2 ......
Denver 2,163.543 9.6
Suit Lake.. 1.114,886 11.0 ...;..
Los Ange1e5. ............ ■ K71.H47 ...... 17.0
Portland. 0r............ 1,321,987 ...... 41.4
Tacoma . 5b9,U19 ......
Seattle 504,084 i 1.7 ......
Spokane 397.840 7.5 ..:...
Totals U. 8 8849,061,266 6.1
Outside Of New York
City... ........;. 372,264,103 ...... • 6.1
" DOMINION OF CANADA.
Totals $18,513,124 ...... 8.8
NEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call firmer at J» Vi@7%; last loan at 4%
and closing offered at i%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6,g>ay a %. Bar silver, 68S/S»c Mexican dollars,
62ii@54c. Sterling Exchange weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86 1 /4@4 Bt!y a
for sixty days and $4 87V4@4 87Vi for demand.
Posted rates, $* 87@4 r>By 2 . Commercial bills,
$4 b5i,4(a)4 85%. Government bonds higher; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds firm.
C3LOPTNO BTOCKH.
Am Tel & Cable.... 79 . Norfolk A Westrn. 8
Atchlson ......... 10*4 Preferred. 12%
Preferred 16% Northern Pacific. 9
Adams Express... Preferred. 15%
Alton, Terre Haute 63 Northwestern 92y a
American Express)os Preferred......... 144
American Tobacco. t> 6 Vi N. Y. Central...... 91
Preferred 93 N.Y. , Chicago*;*. L. 9 I A
Buy State Ha 5...... 16 Ist preferred..... 61 l
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 Yd preferred 23
Brunswick Lands.. % N. V.A N. H....... 162
buffalo, Koch AP. 10V 2 N. Y. & New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific... 66Va N. V., Susq * W... 6 /*
Canada southern.. 43 Preferred......... 16V 2
Canton Land 50% 0ntari0. ............. HVa
Central Pacific li l 4 Ontario & Western 12V4
Ches. A Ohio 7/B ! Oregonlmprovmnt .; Via
Chicago Alton... 147 Preferred... — -
Preferred ....... 1 70 Oregon Navigation "10
Chicago. B. &Q.... 58% Oregon Short Lino. 10
ChlcaeoA E. 111... 37 ] /i> Pacific Mall 173^
Preferred .... t>o jpeoria, D. A Evans 13
ChlcagoGas........ 6184 Pittsburgh W. pfd 15
CleveA Plltsbnrg..lso . Pullman Pa1ace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver......... IVa
Consolidated Gas.. 141 i Preferred. 12
C. C. O. & St. Louis 231/2 Reading..... 9%
Preferred. 70 RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 16 | Preferred. 40 '
Preferred 80 Rock Island ...... 53%
Cotton Oil Cert .... « Vi Rome Wat JtOgden. 10H
Commercial Cable. 126 81. L. <fc 8. W 3
Dei. Hudson 117 Preferred 7%.
Del.Lack&Westrn. 14* St. Paul.. 64 Vi
Denver* B. 10y a Preferred.. ....... 122
Preferred 40 St. Paul & Duluth. 20
Distillers Preferred 87
General Electric... 23% St. Paul <fc Omaha. 34 .
£rie 12% Preferred. 118
Preferred 26 bt. P. M. & M 104
Fort Wayne 148 silver Certificates. 67 / i
Great Northern pfdlOS [Southern Pad He... 16%
Green 8ay.......... • y% Southern R. R..... 7V2
Harlem. 294 I Preferred ..... 19Va
Hocking C0a1...... [Sugar Refinery ....103
Hocking Valley.... 13^ Preferred. 96^
Eomestake. . % Term. Coal & Iron. 16%
H. <t Texas Cent... I Preferred.. 80
Illinois Central 88V2 Texas Pacific 5%
lowa Central....... 6 TOI.A.A.& N.Mich.— — ' •
Freferrea ;. 21% Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas <fe Texas... 10 I Preferred. .. 60 ..
Preferred 19% l Tol.SuLouis&K.C. 6
Kingston & Pern... 3 I. Preferred - 6
LaKe Brie & Westn 13y 2 Cnlon Paclnc...... " 5%
Preferred..'....... 62 U. P. Den <fc Quit.. 1%
Lake Shore. ...140y 2 v. a Cordage 3%
National Lead..... 18 1 /*! 1 " Preferred. 7y*
Preferred...:..... 83 I Guaranteed ...... 14
Long Island 65 I C. S. Express 30
Louisville <& Nosh. 41 Vi 0. B. Leather 6Vi
Louisville. a <SSCn 3 J Preferred 46y 8
Preferred. HJ/fciu. S. Rubber....... 15y 4
Manhattan Consol. 761/^1 Preferred......;.. 67 •
Memphis <& Charts. 15 Utica& B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... HA Wab. ». 1. &Pao.. •■; .fiJg
Michigan Central.. 86 " Preferred. 13Va
Mlnn&& U Wells-Farg0........ 80
Preferred..... Western Union.... 77 V 2
Minn & St. L com. 12 _ Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 58 Wheeling &L. £>.. 6Vs
; 2dpreferred...... 84 . Preferred 21-V*»
Missouri Pacifia..*. 16% Am Cotton Oil pfd, SaVa
Mobile & Ohio 15 W. U. Beef 6
Nashville* Chatt. 67% Ann Arb0r......... 7
National Linseed.. 13 Preferred. 18
N. J. Central....;.. 91% Brooklyn Traction. 19
North American... 4 Erie 2d pld. 15
cxosiso BOXDS.
V B4s,reelstered..lOs MKT2ds... . 48%
Do 45. c0up0n.... 106 | Do 4s ...1... 79
V 8 4s new, regstrdll2»4iMutual Union 65! '.'.108 '
Do 4s, coupon.... 11 23/* .\ j Cent Gen 55.. .111%
D025...r.. ...... 92 Northern Paolsts.lll
Do 5s 109 Do2ds 105
lofts. coupon.... 109 Do3ds ........ 64
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.
Do 1887..........10U Do deb 65... .....104
Do 1898 101 OK&Nlsts... .105
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtQen 68
Pacific -Is of '95.... St L&S F Gen 108
DC 3-65s 1091481 Paul C0n5015. ...121
Ala Class A 45.. 100 |8t P C <fc Pa 15t5...170
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 , Do Pac Cal lsts.. 110
LaConsol 45....... 90 Southern RR 55... 80 .
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 76
N Carolina con 65.. 110 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 161/4
Do 45.. .....95 Union Pac lsts 96. 96
So Carolina 4%5... 97% West Shore 4a, 101
Ten new 35....... 77 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 58
Va funding debt... 55 R Grande West lsts »5%
Do registered.....— Ches 4 Ohio 65. ...101
Do deferred 65... 5 Atdnlson 45........ 73Vi
Do trust rcptsst. 4 Do2ds A......:.. 31%
Canadaßouth2ds..lOO GHA 8 A 65. .....101
Cen Pac lsuof '95. 98 Do2d 7b.......... 96
Den 4KB 15t..... 109 ' H * Tex Cent 65.. 102
Do 48.............. 84% Do con 65.:.. ...... 102
Erieads 55% Reading 45.... 71%
Kansas Pa Consols 58 Missouri ti»... 100
Kh l-fc law Den divlO» ; Alabama, class C. 96
FOREIGN 3IAKKKTS.
■WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ess., Aug. 14.— The spot market
Is steady at 5s 4y 2 d@Ss oy-.fl. Cargoes firmer at
25s 9a, sellers, prompt shipment. ■
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: ' Aug
ust, 4s 9%d: September, 4s 9%d: October, 4s
lOd; November, 4s lOi^d; December, 4s 10% d.
■'-. SECUKJTIKS.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 14. — Consols, 1131,4:
silver, 31 l-16d; French Renter lO2f-77%c.
KXCHANtiI-J . AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. _ nominal
Sterling Exchange, sight...... — nominal
Sterling Cables .."....... — : nominal
New York Exchange, 5ight........'— nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine Silver. %» ounce. ........— . 676/.
Mexican D011ar5. ...... ..•._.....-... 63% 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER' GRAINS.
WHEAT— There Is not enough business to
change values either way. .'-. No. 1. 92y2(iu93%c;
choice, 95c; lower i grades, 5 ; 87i/ ©9l Vie: extra
choice for milling. *I@l 07 2 ft iv
CAM, MIIAKH.SAMiS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, 96V 8 c
bxcOKD Skssion— lo:l6 o'clock— December—
4000 ct s, 96Vic.
60"5 G^ s AB 96y 8^ Nlifa bES3rON - December -
R U 00?-96V r iON " :Decemi)er C 8 '
BARLEY— Dealers quote ; the old prices. Trade
is quiet. We note Feed, 62y @66i,4c: Brewing,
72va@77y a c*ct . "
' i A 1.1. BOABD SALES.
.Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
- Skcond Skssion— lo:ls o'clock— No sales.
Keoitlab Morning Session— No sales.
Afteknoon Skssion — December— 2000 ctls
67 Vie. : . : '
OATS-New Oats. 72y @80c: old milling, 85®
90c: lancy feed, 90@92i/jjc; ood to choice, 62%
I^:^S^ fef "^ **»> ««
' s^^\T?^® v6c * ctl for old and 65 ° for new.
BUCJj.WHfc,AT-Nomlnal at 85@95c ft ctl.
FLOUR AND BIU.I.STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, *3 80@3 70 ft bbl ; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 50; superfine, $2 75@3.
-OORKMKAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20-
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 * ton. "«!»«»•
«' MILLSTTJFFS-Prlees In sacks are as , follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, SJ 10
--£n«* IQUr ' 1!I/ a c; Kice Flour y & %c: Cornmeal.
7- A },' extra c , ream do, 2*Ac: Oatmeal, s2 90; Oat
Groats. 3y 2 c: Hominy, * a 10@n 30: Buckwheat
*lour, os 3 lO@3 30; Cracked Wheat, 2»,ic: Fa
rina, a c: Whole Wheat Floor, $2 30; Rolled
U«eu & C: tfia Barl6y> 3%C: BPIU ****• * a 2°:
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF.*.
BRAX-»]2®l2 50 for the best and $11@11 50
ft ton for outside brands. '■*• : '■
n MIDDLINOS-$15@16 ; , W i ton for lower grades
and $17@18^ ton for the best. V - . - •-.
.- FE- DSTUJTFS : Kolled Barley, $14 60®15: Oll
cake Meal at the mill, »21 * ton: jobbing $22 -.
HAY— Is very weak, with ; lower prices for Oat
and Barley. Wheat is quotable at $7@lo 'A ton-
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9 "A ton; Oat. 86&J7 » ton-'
Barley, $6@7; River Barlej, $4 50©57 Alfalfa)
$5 50@6 50 for ! second and $4 50@» for first cut
tins; compressed, $6@9; stock, $4@5; Clover,
$5 50@7 50. N3*#s^flilSlS|
STRAW— 30@40c 9 bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
'.1 BEANS-Bayos, 90c@$l * ctl; Small Whites,
$1(S1 10 ctl; Pea,"?l@l 20 %* otl; Large Whites,
90c@$l ft ctl; Pink, 65@75c i* ctl: Keds, $1©
1 15: Blacicei-e, $1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, nomi
nal; Limas. $2@2 36; Butters, ?l(g(l 26. _ ;r.-- ;
SEEDS-Brown Mus ard, 81 sU@l 75 ? cO;
Trieste, $2 25@2 75 'A ctl; Yellow Mustard, *J 50
@1 75; Flax™ $1 60; Canary, 2i.4@2%c « lb;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2y c 1» H>; Hemp, 3%c'
DRIKD peas— $1 10@l 40 %i cU for NUes and
$1 25©1 50 for Green. "
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
, POTATOES— No change. Sweet Potatoes, 114
@2c^ ft; Garnet Chiles, 50@60c * ctl; Early
Rose, 30@40.-; : Burbank Seedlings, So@46c for
Rivers and 60@90c for Sail nas. ;
:■ ONIONS— WeaK at 30037V2C '©ctl; Pickles, 50
@60c ciL : ■■•■■■..- •
, VEGETABLES— Everything Is In large stock
and cheap.: Tomatoes are lower. Marrowfat
Squash, $12@15 » ton; Green Corn. 25@76c
« sack; Alameda Corn, $I@l 25 * crate; Berke
ley Corn, 75@85c » box; summer squash, 15@26c
for Bay; Egg Plant, 25@40c "0 box: Tomato's,
25@35c for Rivers- ■ 41ameda Cucumbers, 10(g,25c:
%« bx; Pickles, 1%0 9 for No. 1 and 40@60c * ctl
for No. 2; Green Peppers, 2«>@3sc $ large box for
Chile and 25@50c box for Bell; Green Ptas, 25®
75c $ sacK lor common and 2@2 V»c %* lb for Gar
den; String Beans 25@76c %i sack for common
and 2@2y aC for garden; Li mas. ?>@6c: Green Okra.
40@76c %i box; Cabbage. 40c%tcil; carrots, 25®
30c i< seek ; Garlic, y a @2c V lb.
POULTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 13@14c for
Turkeyt, $3 for Ducks, $5@5 50 ; for Hens and
young Roosters, $4 60@5- for old Boosters • and
$2 60@3 for Broilers. „• -.■„,'
■ California stock ■ was not materially changed.
Live .Turkeys, 13(a)i4c for Gobblers, 12@13c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 16@18c: Geese, %i pair, $1
1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $2 50(33 * doz
for old and $2 50@4 for young: Hens, $4@4 60;
Roosters, young, $4(34 50: do, old, $4<s4 oO;
Fryers, $3 %i doz; Broilers, $2 60@3 for large and
$1 50642 foi small; Pigeons, *1 2b@l 60 <* dozen
for you and old.
Nominal. •
BUTTER, CHhESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— market continues to decline.
Creameries are relatively weaker than choice
dairies.
Creamery— 18@19c; seconds, 17@17y 2 c
t* lb.
Dairy— 17@18c » lb; good to choice,
15%@16%c; lower grades, 13@16c.
Picklkd— l6@l7c %4 lb.
Firkin- ¥> lb.
CHEESE— Continues steady. Fancy mild new,
B%@9c; common to good, 6V«@Sc %* lb: Cream
Cheddar, 10@llc: Young America, 9@loc %i lb; <
\vfcstern, 10@llc; Eastern, ll@l3c ~f. lb.
EGGS— Are still weak and very dull, but no I
lower. Oregon, 13@14c: Eastern, 14@15%c 3 .
dor; store Eggs, 12@)14c for ordinary and 15@16c |
for good; ranch Eg 18@22%c; Duck Eggs, 16® j
17c 'A doz. :
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Prices show very little change. The market is
; heavily supplied with all kinds with the usual re
suit—low prices.
Red Nectarines, 60@76c: White, 36@50c box.
Peaches, 15<&,40c %» bx, 15@35c ?» basket; $12 60
©17 60 ft ton for frees and &15(g;22 60 for clings.
Plums. 20@40c 'A box; White in bulk, $10@12 50
ii ton; Japanese Plums, 25@40c; Prunes, 25@40c.
Apples, 76c@$l * box lor choice and 40(g;60c
for common.
Crabapples, 25@60c 9 box.
Pears, WtdiiOo 'A box; Bartletts, 20@50c ft box
and $10@15 ft ton.
Figs. 25(540c $ box for white and 35@60c for
black, double layers.
BERRIES—
Strawberries, $3®4 ft chest for Longworths and
$1 60@2 60 for large berries.
Raspberries f 3 50r$5 ft chest.
Blackberries. *2@3 ft chest.
. Huckleberries, 6(<sßc ft lb.
GRAPES— Not much activity. Black Grapes are
quotable at 50065 eft box and 75c ft crate: Mus
cats, 60@76c ft box and 76@s5c ft crate; Sweet
waters and Fontalnebleaux, 35@60c ft box and 40
®60c "» crate, t
. M KLONs— Supplies are ample. Watermelons,
85(3)15 i* 100: Cantaloupe*, 75c@$l 60 ft crate;
Nutmegs, 50(<i76c ft box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are quotable at $2
@3 for Valenclas and $1 50@2 ft bx for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons, Sl<s2 ft box for common
and $2 50(g;3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 50% box: California Limes, 75c@$l 50; Ba
nanas, $l(g)2 ft bunch; Pineapples, $2®B 60 ft doc
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.*
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations for Nuts show considerable revision.
Dried Fruits rule dull. The Honey crop is shorter
than expected, but the market Is not visibly affect
ed thereby. .".....
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Caki«ai> i^ovn — New Apricot*, <3Ca>(s '.v In sweat
box,'6@6%c'& tbf.o.'b. coast and B@9c for fancy
Moorparics. Old Prunes. 3c: new Prunes, 3i'a3y c:
new Peaches, 4%c $ibm the sweat-box and oc f.
o. b. coast. . - ;-,'■■ " „■■■ .
Jobbing Pricks— New Apricots, 6%@6%c: old
evaporated. Apples. 4%c filb: old Prunes, 3c for
four sizes; new Figs, black, 2Va@3c for impressed
and 3(&H%c for pressed: Plums, 3y @4c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpttted; new Nectarines, 4@sc 'ft
lb tor prime to choice. - ~
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
0. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c $ lb; seedless Sultanas,
8c; seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers,'7oc "A box; clusters, $1 366,1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, $2 10@2 25. Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown, loose, 41/4 C: 3
crown, 3%c; 2-crown, 3s/ c ft lb. seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft lb; seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3 crown
London layers, . 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 50: Imwrlal clusters. $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are as .follows: Walnuts,
nominal; new Almonds, 7c ft lb for Languedoc,
- — ft lb for hardshell ana 9@lOo ft. £> for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts; s@ny a c ft lb for Eastern
and for California: Hickory Nuts, 6@6c ft lb:
Pecans, 7y 2 ®Bc; Filberts, 7 %@Bc: Brazil >uts,
7Vij@Bc * it; Cocoanuts, $4@5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y 2 c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@si/3C:
light amber extracted, 4%®4%c; dark amber, 4@
41/4 C; dark, 2@3c A lb.
BEESWAX-25@27i/2C lb.
PROVISIONS.
No further change. Trade Is dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6%0
for heavy, 7%c ft lb for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sucar
cu red; Eastern Wu~arciirt'a Hams, 12<ai2%c:
California Hams, iO@llc «i n>; • Mess Beef, $7
@«; extra mess do. $8; ' family . do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 60; extra clear, $1.1 ft bbl;
mess. 811 60@12 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c ft lb.
LARD— tierces is quoted at 4V4c ft lb
for compound and s Vic for pure; pails, be ft lb;
California tierces, 4y a c for compound and 5y 2 c for
pure: 1 half-bbls, 6%c; 10-a> tins, 6Vic; do 6-lb,
6%C V lb. *■-.-..-:.■,; ■ , :
coll OLENE-6V B @6^jC in half - " and t>%®
7y 8 c s* lb in 10-tt. tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted Steers, 7c 3
lb; culls and brands, 6c: medium, 6c; culls and
brands, 5c *#, n>; llgnt, 4y @sc: culls and brand*,
*c: Cowhides, 4(g>sc; culls and brands. 4@4y 2 c;
salted Kip, 5c > tt>; salted Calf, 6@7c; salted Veal,
b(a,6c: dry Hides. 10@10%c; culls and brands, 7@
7y 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, B(*9c; culls. 7c; dry Calf.
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20@35c each; Kids, 5c-
Deerskins, good summer, 25@27y 8 c; medium. 16®
i i /aC: winter, 7@loc: sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
16c each; short wool. 20@35c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of all
kinds about 2 c less. .; -T - .
- TALLOW-No. I, rendered, 2%@3c; -Na, 2,
2 V4C: refined. 43 6 C: Grease. 2c ft lb.
wool,— market was never duller. It Is not
an cxaicKeration to say that there 13 nothing doing.
llumboldt and Mendocino is quotable at 10<a>llc
u^wi Valle Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades.
8@10c; Nevada, 6@By 3 c: San Joaquln and South
ern (.oast, six months, 4(cji6c: San Joaquin, foot
hilt-, good to choice, 6V2@7V / c: San Joaquiu, year's
fleece, 4@si/2c; northern iree, 7<gj9c: do defec
tive. 6@sy 2 c 'A n>.
" Nominal at 2@4c 'A lb for 1896 and 6@
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25; San
Quentln, $4 20; WooUßass, 24y 23 c.
--' COAL— Wellington," $8 It ton; • New Wellington,
$8 "A ton; Southfield Wellington, $7 50 * ton;
Seattle, $a@s 00: Bryant. $5; Coos: Bay, »4 60;
WallsenU. $7; ticotch, ■ $7 60; Brvmbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 60 ft ton In bulk and 815 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 i* ton; Welsh
Anthracite, : $9: Cantiel, $7 50: ' Rock 1 Springs,"
Castle Gate ; and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coko,
$ll< r d}lss in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
Kith— Chinese mixed, $3 05@3 JO: No. 1, $3 85
@395 Veil ; extra No. 1, $1 1 ®4 40: Hawaiian,
$3 SOfgS 62%; Japan, $3 86@i 26; Rangoon, in
100- baes, $3 10.
SUGAR— Western sugar Refining company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and' Crushed. 6 Vac;
Powdered, 6a/ c; Fine Crushed, 5 %c; Dry Granu
lated, 4% C ; Confectioners' A. 4%c; Magnolia A, :
48/, c; Extra C, 4 Vic; Golden C, 4ysc: half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %° more.
SAN FRANCISCO ; MEAT MARKET.
' Hogs are off again. Other descriptions show no
change. Wholesale rates ; for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: : ,X
BEEF— quality, 4%©5 c; second do, 4@
4V4c; third do. 3y a c «t lb. " ;
'- VEAL— Large, 4(26c; small, 6@6c 3» lb. !-•'
■ MUTTON — Wethers, 5 4%@5c; ■ Ewes, 4@4%c
*-$■ &>. ■■•..■ .", •■ -'"■■. ; ■ ■■■ -" ■ ■•'""' "'
' LAMB— 6@6c ■© lb " ■ ' ::
; PORK— Live Hogs, 3c -« lb for large and 314 c
for small and medium: dressed do, 4i/4@siAc ft lb.
' RECEIPTS OF PitODUCK.
• ■ '■; . • : : FOR ?4 HOURS. , .
Flour, qr sks ;... 26,712lCheese. ct15...... ' 66
-« Oregon, sks....' 1,512 Eggs, d0z........ . 1,650
Wheat, ct15...... 3,703 Hides, n0... ; . 293
Barley, ctls..-;..-. 70,476 Pelts, bd15....... 358
Oats, ct15..:;...; -TO Wine, ga15....;.: 67, 6^0
Potatoes, sks.... 7,042 Lime, bbls m: . 81
Onions, 5k5...... * Leather, r0115.... . 27
Bran, sks.r.:. ...' * 975iQuickstlver, flats 27
Middlings, sks. ..' 336|Lumber,-Mfeet.. ' 20
Hay, tons. .'...•...- ' ■'. 985 Flaxseed, sks.'..: ' 137
Straw, t0n5...... •46 Broom Corn, bis. ;„ 378
Butter, ct15.:.... '"' 158'
family retail, market.
..Eggs are slightly cheaper. > Butter and Cneese
are unchanged.
Poultry is cheap and In large supply. Meats are
unchanged. • ; . V
Fruits and Vegetables are very plentiful and
reasonable in price. ■ .. : = .'•■.-■ „
_ Following is Thb Cain's regular weekly retail
price list: ;■:'.' '• ■-•; '■: : ;-. ' : : ■ ... .' .' .
■ ■. ■■''. ■'.-■■■ i "-' - -- COAIJ— PEB TON. ' .
Cannel 1 — @ P t>o Pleasant 9 60@10 00
Wellington.' — @10 00 Southfleld j-_* •-
New .Wei- Wellington — ® 950
! lington.... — @10 00 scotch...... — 960
Seattle 7 00@ 750 Coos Bay... : o5O(0 —
Castle Gate. 9 60@10 00 : v
DAIRY PBODUCB, ETC. ' ■'
Butter, fancy, V - I Cheese, Eastern. . . 1
square ;....40@45 , Cheese, Swiss . . . 20<a30
do, ft r011....:. .-.37f0i40 1 Common Eggs..... 1 5®
do, choice . -fci)SsißancliK!rgs%ldz...2s(4> —
Ordinary a 0 ........ — @30! Honey, comb, fttb-iKplo
Cheese, Cai........10(5>12 do, extracted. ... B®lJ
MEATS — PUB POUND.
Bacon..  .. . ... ' .. 7.1 2®17 Pork, fre5h. ....... 12@15
Beef, ch0ice....... 12<S15iPork, 5a1t.......... 10@12
'-' do, good ........ '. 'B@lo Pork Ch0p5....... 12@15
Corned 8eef....... 8@ — i Round Steak 8(gjlO
Ham, Ca1........12y 2 @15 Sirloin Steak... 12 Vjs@ —
do, Eastern.:... 15@60 Porterhouse, do. . 17@20
Lard..;..... M ......12(i15 1 Smoked 8eef...... — ®15
Mutton ......B(<dlC Pork Sausages.... —@20
Lamb 10$ — | Vea1.........;. 10@lo
•.:■"•' l POULTRY AND (lAMR. : .
Hens.each 60® 60 Turkeys, * lb.. 16<a 20
Young noose- ' iDucks, each... ,35® 60
ers, eacn 50@ • 60 Geese, each.:.. 75@1 00
Old Roosters, ' Pigeons, ft pr.. 40® 50
each... '.. 50® 60 Rabbits, pr. . 36® 40
Frjers, each...' 40@ 6U Hare, each 16® 20
Broilers, each.. . 25@ 35)
i-Bt:iTS AND NOTS.
Almonds, "ft lb Oranges, ft d0»....15®35
Apples. 4® 5 Pears, * lb 4© 5
Bananas, ft doz... 15@20 Peaches. ft lb 4fgj 6
Blackberries, drwr2o@2s Piums, ft 1b. ...... 4(gi 5
Canta'oupes, each.lO@is Raisins, ft Tb....... 6r<sls
Cocoanuts. each... 106612 Raspberries. drwr.2s@36
Figs, 'A 1b. .:...-.-... Strawcerries, .
Grapes, ft lb 5® «, ft drawer 20@35
Lemons, -ft d0z.... 25(0>30 Walnuts, ft lb 16® —
Limes, "A d0z. :..'..15<a — j Watermelons, echlo®2o
Nectarines,^ 1b... 4@ 61
, ; i Vi:cKTABLIM.
Asparagus, * Tb...5@15 Lentils, V 1b....... 6@ 8
Artichokeß,^.dOz..lO@3olLettuce, ft doz 15®20
Beets, 1? d0z..... ..12@16 Mr"fat Squash, ft It, 6@lo
Beans, white f*lb. 2y 2 @ 5 Green Okra, 1* lb.. 6® 8
Colored. » 1b... 2 y ® 5 Onions, "$ lb 4® t*
Lima, ft 1b....... 4® 6 Peppers, green,?* lb 6(a) 8
Cabbage, each ... 5(5)10 Parsnips, ft 00z....15@20
Cauliflowers, each. 6ra 8: Potatoes, ft 1b;.... 2(S 3
Celery, ft bunch... 5® — ifiadishes.«(dzbchs.lO®l2
Cress. »dzbunchs.2O@2sSage, ft 1b. ......... 25@35
Cucumber, ft doz. B@loSmer squash, ft tb 4@ 5
Kcs Plant, ft 1b... f>(ai 8 string Beans, %i 11.. ; 466 : ft
Garlic, 1b. ....... sfcJ- Thyme, ft lb 20@30
Green Peas, 1* lb.. 4(5; Turnips, .ft a0z....15(a--'0
Green Corn, ft dozlt>@3o'Tomatoes, ft — 3® 5
• • ■' ' l"lßlt— pkr pound.
Barracuda. .......10@12|.5had........; -O —
Carp.;.;.:.......... — (m— Sea Bass .....8(^10
Codfish — 15 Smelts ............ lf>@ —
Flounders lOfai —501e5..... ...10<$12
Ha1ibut............ 7® B.Skates. each. 10@12
Herrlnit — @ —(Sturgeon.. — ® —
Klngfish. „,... — «&— iTomcod..;... 12® —
Mackerel ...' 10®12;Clams, ft ga1....... — @15
do, H0r5e.....:... 10®— Do. hardshell, ft
Pereh;.. ....... ....10®— I 100......... -50(78 —
Pompano .". 35®50 Crabs, each 12(a)l
Rockhsh 1 (>(a>l2 Do. tshell, ft 25@35
Salmon, smoked. ..20® — Mussels, ft qrt.: . . . 10®15
Salmon; fresh .12® J 6 Oysters, Cal,^ 100.40(g» —
Shrimps .;.. HinAO l>o. Eastern, ftdz.2s@4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks continued dull at former prices as
a role.
Bullion Is assessed 10c.
Franklin . Leonard, president of the Comstock
Tunnel Company, who has just returned to New
York from an eight months' visit to the company's
properties in Nevada, in an interview with the
representative of the Engineering ' and Mining
Journal, stated that the prospects of the company
are brighter than they have ben for some time.
At the regular monthly meeting of the directors,
which will be held on August 20 in New York, Mr.
Leonard will present a number of propositions
looking to the further improvement of the com
pany, among which will be the erection of a mill
at the mouth of the tunnel: also to the reorganiza
tion of the company's interests in Nevada. He
also stated that the affairs of the company In Ne
vada were on a first-class basis, being practically
free from debt. " ■ _'
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday ■
EEfJDMB MOK.VI.NQ SESSION", COMMENCING 9:30.'
600 8e1cher.. .27,500 G AC 62 103 Ophlr 98
100 8A8..... .91 350 .......... .61 1600 P0t051.1.06
200 Bullion... 131300 HAN. .1.80 100 Say 61
650 Chllar.. .2.35 400 Mx0n.....62 100 5Nev....47
100 C P0int... 34
'-.■■:• AFTKBNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
200 Alpha 06 100 Ch0ir.. .2.301150 0ph1r. ...96
700 810tter. ...27 100 GAC 61 SOUPotosU. 1.05
350 B & 8....94 100 H&N....1V4 200 Savae 62
100 8u11i0n. ..10 60 Occid 40U YJacJt*l..3&
100 Challge... I
' Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : - . ■ ■_.;
5 KKdULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
200 AlDba 06i 50 C0nn...:.. 89 400 0vrmn....16
100 Alt* 091200 Crwn Pt...35 550 Potoii..].os
200 Andes..... 30 300 UAC M ..6U 1450.. .. 1.02^
200 Belcner...2B 1.27Va300 "5aT....,..6l
300 B'<&B 90 .'OO Justice. ...0&400 Scorplon..o6
300 ....;...:v..91-200 Kentck....Os|2OO 58AA1....10
200 8u11i0n.... IS 40J Mexn...v..63 300 * Nt,:....47
100 Caleda I l .' 500 Mono 17 400 Union C...40
150 Cnalng...39 300 0ccd......65 300 Dtah 07
400 Cholr2.-27V21200 Opnlr 98 200 X JaoKM..3S
200 CCV. 1.721.3! I :,
AFTEBNOOX BEBSION— %
200 Aloha ....0t>!200 CCV . 13 /4 300 0ccd..... .64
400 A1t*...... 09 300 C Polnt«..b4i2oo 66
100 Ande5.... 30 200 ........... 36 200 Overman. ltf
200 Belcher ..29 200 GAC .60600 P0t051..1.05
300 H&8......91 200 ..... .......61 300 :..... .1.07V4
200 94 200 HAN...1.30130U .... 1.02L5.
100 Bodle .... 49200 ......[1.27V5'250 Save..... til
1500 Bullion.. lV 400 Justice.... o6J4oo S BAM... 10
100 8u1wer...29 JOO Kentuck..O6 2oo SNv 47
100 Cha11ge... 39 200 A1ex..... ..53 200 Uni0n... ..40
100 Ch0ir.. .2.26 300 Mono 300 Utah 07
150 ....... 2. 200 0ph1r.. ...98 200 V Jcki....35
100 ...... . . .2.30 ■■-'■'■ . |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 14-4 Foe
£Itl.Aiked.\ ; Md.Axked.
Alpha Con. ... 05 06 Jackson 25 . —
Alta. ..........— 10 Ju1ia.'...... .... — 08
Andes. 29 SO Justice. ...05 —
Belcher 27 28 Keutuck....... 05 06
Best Belcher 94 95, Lady Wash.... 02 ' 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —'Mexican 62 63
Bodte ......... 47 —M0n0.......... 15 —
Bullion 10 11 Nevada Queen. 03 —
8u1wer......... 29 — North C. 07 —
Caledonia...... 10 12 Occidental 65 66
Choilar .....;..2.20 2.25 0ph1r.;......... 96 98
Con.CalAVa...l.7o 1.76 Overman 16 16
Challenge Con. 37 39 P0t051.. ...... 1.00 1.05
Con. Imperial. 01 1)2 5avage......... 60 61
Confidence.... 86 —5c0rpi0n....... — 06
Con New York 04 . - seg. Belcher... 09 10
Crown Point... 34 35 syndicate ;.... — 04
KastSierraNev — (14 Silver Hi 11.... 01 03
Eureka Con... 20 — Sierra Nevada, 46 48
Excheauer .... 02 04 Union C0n..... 39 40
Gould ACurry. 60 61 Utah........... — 08
HttleANorcrs.l-20 1.30 Yellow Jacket. 34 36
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Aug. 14—2 P. M.
TNITKT) STATICS BONUS.
Eld. AtkecL\ / Bid. Alfred.
D 8 4s coup.. 105 — ■ S4s reg... - 107%
Do new issuelllVa — I ' :
'' ' . ' .' '"• mibckllankotts ■
Cal-stCbleßs 109 " 112 PhcKoll MSs, — -
CalElecL6s - 123 Do "id Is 65... - —
CntraCWs» - 95 P*ORy6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp - 98 PACh Ry6s. - 107y a
EdsnL4P6sll7S/gIJBVsPwI-stRR6s. — 116y 2
FACHKH6*. - 106y 3 Iteno, WUL - 106
Geary-stßss. - 107y t-acto PA L. - 102y a
LosAng L tfs. - 99 \*i AN PR 6s. - 97 V*
DoGuteedßj - 100 SPRRAriz6s - •-- -,
Mkt-stCble6sl2O 121 SPRRCaI6s. - 110%
DoßyConSs-iloayaJWysePßKCalSs. — — ;
Nat Vln6s Ist 96 - jSPBrRCaIBa =— ■ ?8V 8
NevCNgß7s. M 105 SVWater6s.. 118V*n»
P C RH6*. - 108 . SVWater4s.. - 88
NBv Cal — lUOV^StktnGAE6* — 100
NBy Cal ss. - lUO SunsTATßs. — -' — -
Oak Gas 55.. 102 "■• —-' Sutter-stßss. — 111
Do2d Is 65. . 100 1053 /4 jVls>aiaWC»»J — —
Omnibus o». — : UPVai
• V ATKB STOCK-*-
Contra Costa — 40 ; |San J05e. .... . — -
Marl C 0 .... 51) — |Sprng Valley 94 ' 2 95
PAS BTOCKS. . .
Capital..... - '30 "•■ Pacific 'Ll«ht- 48 4914
Central.. .'.'.'. 95 — > San Francsco 86V4 87
OakGLAU 51 , i 62 Vi Stockton — SO
Pac Uasltup. — 83 ■ |
. , ■ INSUBAJS-OK STOCK*.
Flreman'sFdieO ;— ' |Sun 26 60
1 " COMMKBCIAL BANK STOCKS
AmerBATC. - — LondonPAA.l3s 127
Anglo-Cal - — 58 London ASF. ' — 27Vi
Bank of Cal.. — - 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal 8 D&TCOII3V3 - : Nevada — —
FirstNationL —;.-1 88 •"; Sather B Co. - - . —
,'.;.", SAVrNBS BANK STOCKS.
Oerß<ftliCo.l2lo 1350 : I Say A Loan.. — 10U ,
HumbSAL.XIOO 1450 5ecur11y......235 275
Mutual....: 1 .. — 40 . Union Trust. 76o ' —
tot Union — 485 .
, BTBKBT BAII.KOAD«Tt>^IC^
California.... — 107 Oak SLA Hay i — ..- 100 ;
Geary-st. — '" . 65 Presidio..... 7 —
Market-st — 40S/ 8 41 * Sutter-st — ' —
"" I'OWDEB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 - 'Giant Con.. V. 16% 17Mi
Eastern D... 70 80 Jndson D.. „;-—■■.-•;.■' -
California.... 70 — , Vigorit.... - 90c
IMISCELLANEOUS1 MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 Vi ' 92 Vi Nat Vln Co.. . - -
BlkncoalCo '■■—■■■ 10 Oceanic SSCo — 30 : ■
Cal Cot Mills l - — — i PacAuxFA 1 ■—,'■',•
Edison Light 107 108 PacßoraxCo. ', 91* • 100
GasConAssn. — . — ■ pac Roll Mill '- -•• — .
Ocr Lead Co. "-SO' 100 ; Part Pal 6Vb 7Va
HawCASCa. 15% —■ - PacTr.usCo. , — 24
notch 3 PCo 19 . 198/s'Pac TAT Co. 70 80 :
MerF.xAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
MKlec Light ; —' ' . 4*4| United C 00. — aS
: BALES— M08.N..V » BK33IJ.'f.
-;:-• Board— '■•■-. .■ ■ .". - ■ : ' , • ' '■
6SV Water... ......;......... 84 62%
6 do , do v :..v.: .......■.,...:> 94 50 .
■'■: : 'Street—" :'•'." ■-" ' . " .
;20 Market-st Railway ......... 40 50
. -*":' -■'.'•. ■ SALES— AJTKKJfOO.V SKSSTO-V. '
.-' 'Board— '■ ■' -'- : 'a"^vs*
10 Edison Light A Power C 0... ......... 108 00
10 do do ;:„...........:.;...... 107 50
': 10 8 F Ga51ight...... ....:.. ............. 86 50 »i
' 10 SV water....... ;;...:..... 91 60
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellen, W T illis, Anna M., John J.,Cathe E., Josepn
M., Cecelia 1 and J. H. O Brien to O'Brien &
Sons (a corporation), lot on N W corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Poik street, N 120 by W 82:6;
$10.
B'-rtram and Blanche Wertheimer to Sarah
Wertheimer, undivided one-si.xtli of the following:
Lot on s line of Turk street, 137:6 W of Franklin,
W 137:6 by S 1^0; lot on N line of Post street,
137:6 W of Jones, w 55 by N 137:6: lot on NW
corner of Ridley and Valencia streets, N 25 by W
90; lot on S corner of Twelfth and Market streets,
SW 26:11, SE 90. SW 50. SE 75, NE 75:11, BW
165 to beginning: lot oa NW corner of Humboldt
and Brunswick streets, N 213 by W 178, subdivis
ions of lots 52 and 53, West End Homestead; un
divided one-twelfth of lot on SW corner of Virginia
and Plumas streets. S 400, W 9:By a , NW 247:10,
N 241:21/2, thence 200 to beginning, being lois 7 to
! 16 and fractions of lots 1, ti, 5 and 6, b'.ocK 547.
j Salt Marsh and Tide Lands; ail interest in estate
of E. Wertheimer: $10.
Albert and Matilda Cert to same, undivided half
of following: Lot on S line of Turk street, 137:6
i Wor Franklin, W 137:6 by H 120: also lot ou
I NW corner of Ridley and Valencia. N 25 by
I W 90- also lot on S corner of Twelfth and
I Market, SW 25:11, SE 90, SW 60, SE 75, NE
75:11, NWI6S; $10.
Louis and Therese Wert&elmer to same, undi
vided sixth of same (3 pieces); $10.
Hvmm Oreenberg to William E. Lutz, lot on W
I lineof Baker street, 100:4^ a of Washington, S
25 by W 106:3: $10.
1 Sarah Wertheimer to Therese Wertheimer (wife
of L.), undivided three-fourths of lot on S
corner of Twelfth and Market streets, SW 25:11,
s" 90, SW 50, SK 75, NE 75:11, NW 165; $10.
Estute of Sophie Davis by LouU Rosenberg) ad
ministrator) to F. Florentine Eppler lot on X line
of Lexington avenue (Stevenson),llo S Nineteenth
street, S 26 by E »6; $1350.
Marion E. Hasson, executrix of estats of Charles
N. liasson, to Charles Harkins, undivided one
h:M of lot on E line of Bryant ■ fvenue, 104 N
Twenry-fonrth street, N 26 by E 100; $600.
Elisa J. Theresa and George J. Harkins to same,
lot on li line of Bryant avenue, 104 N Twenty
fourth street, S 24 by E 50; also interest in estate
O1 Mury ifoibb (wife of Thomas G.) to same,
undivided half of lot on E line of Bryant avenue.
105 N of Twenty-fourth street, N 2b by J!, iuu.
Charles Harkins to Edward Ring, lot on E line
I of BryaDt avenue, 80 N of Twenty-fourth street, N
100. S 2b, W 50, S 24. W 50; $900.
Alfred W. Jackson to George L. Carroll, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-eighth and Noe streets, W
442, N 114, E 325, s 12:6, X 117 8 101:6: $10
Kmll Gunzburger to Columbia Building and
Loan Association, lot on E line of Diamond street,
123 S of Twenty-third, rt 20 by E 100; $10.
•same to same, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth
street, 120 E of Diamond, E 20 by N 114; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Diamond street,
103 S of Twenty-third. 8 20 by E 100: $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth
street, 80 B of Diamond, E 20 by N 114; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Diamond street,
143 S of Iwenty-third, S 20 by E 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth
street, 100 E of Diamond, E 20 by N 114; $10.
i Charles and Viella a. Randall (by commis
'■ sioner) to Western Loan Association, lot on W
line of Douglass street, 101:6 N of Elizabeth, N
! 25 by W 100, lot 101, Heyman Tract; $2200.
A W Reay to Susanna Scholl, lot on IC line of
Mason street, 60 Sor Bay. S4oby E 68 :9 ; $10.
T. C. Schwerln to same, same: $10.
H. W. and Emma schwerin to same, same; $10.
SußHiina scholl to Giovanni Queirolo and John
1 Baci^alupi, same: $10.
Sarah Weriheimer to Matilda Cerf (wife of Al
' bert'i und vided two-thirds of lot on N line of Post
street, 137 :tf Wof Jones, Wssby S 137:6 $10.
Louis and Therese Weriheimer to same, undi
vided sixth of same; $10.
Julius and Jennie Kadston to George Radston.
undivided 1-48 of following: Lot on 8W line of
Sixtn street, 175 NW of FoUom, NW 25 by SW
80; also lot on NE line of .Harriet street, 175 NW
of Folsom, N W 26 by NE 75; also lot on s line of
Sacramento street, 156:3 W of Flllmore. W 60 by
S 1b2:6; also lot on N line of Turk street, 87:6 E
of Leavenworth, E 26 by N 137:b; also lot on W
I line of Poweil street, 25 S of Pos^, N 23 by W 60;
1 $10.
! Samuel T. or Samuel Pearl to John Duncanson,
i lot on E line of Connecticut street, 325 t) of Napa,
I SSO by E 100; $10.
William W. and Jennie Elliott (by commi.i
--i sioner) to B: y City B. and L. Association, lot on
1 SW corner of Eameralda avenue and Lundys Lane,
S 26 by W 70; lot 186, Gift Map 3: $1287.
Bertram and Blanche Wertheimer to Sarah
I Wertheimer. lot on s line of Sixteenth street, 125
I W ol Castro, W 25 by S 100, lot 10, blockjl4,
Flint Tract: $10.
Christine Spreckels to Henry Ford, lots 77, 78,
99, 1t.9, 170, 171, 206 to 212, 251. 252, 431, 432,
445, 450 t 454, Silver Terrace Homestead Asso
ciation: $10.
Sarah Wertheimer. executrix, vs. Leopold Wer
theimer et al., by Jules C> rf, commissioner, to
Sarah Wertheimer (undivided half) and Tberese
and Bertram Wertheimer and Matilda Cerf (undi-
I vided one-sixth each), lot on theNW corner of
! Humboldt and Brunswick streets, N 213 by W
I 178, >o. 28,726; also lot ou sw cornvr of Vir
ginia and Plnmas strtets. S 400, W 9:8y 2 , NW
217:10, N 241:2y 2 , thence 200 to betjinnint;.
Joseph L. and .V~inna Hess tv Sarah Wertheimer,
same (2 pieces), quitclaim deed: $5.
Bertram and Blanche Wertheimer to same, un
divided 1-12 same (2 pieces): $10.
AI.AHKIiA COUNTY.
" ' Sarah I* Powell (executrix of the estate of Abra
ham -Powell) to Eva P., liorena B. and Priscilla
F. Powell, lot on SW corner of Eleventh and Jack
son streets, S 50 by W 100, being lots 15 and 16
and portion of lot 14, block 140, Oakland; also lot
on \V line of Peralta street, 50 8 of Taylor, S 40 by
W 100, block 698, Oakland; I also proper y in ban
! Francisco and Fresno: $19,444. ■
i ' Thomas T. and j-.mily F. Greaves to Cosmopoli
tan M.B. and L. Association, > lot on W line of
Summit street, 50 N of Lincoln, N 60 by W 150,
■ being N 50, lois 33 to 38, block D, new town of
.Lynn, East Oakland; $10. .
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Myron T. Holcomb, lot
on NW line of Piedmont avenue, 401 SW of
Amethyst street, SW 35 by NW 125, block B,
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland
I Township; $10. .
Hummer Improvement Company to Alice R
; Clark (wl*e of Fred II.). lot on \V line of Mar
i ket street, 180 N of Kearny, N 20 by W 135,
i Berkeley; $10.
I James Stanley, administrator of the estate of
j Jose F. Silvelra, to Frank Joseph, lots 22 and 23,
: block H, Frultvale Villa Tract, Brooklyn Town-
I ship; $ ao.-aawg'i wiMwp Vfip'nujflrry
Charles S. and Deborah Lohse to San Francisco
Savings Union, 'surrender of 445 d 413, lot on E
line of Orange avenue, 100 N of East Twenty-sixth
street, N 100 by E 120, being lots 3 and 4, bock
4, Blasdel Tract, map 3, Brooklyn Township;
grant. and Kitty B. E. Taylo. 'o Johanna L.Plen-
J. la. and Kitty B. E. Tayloi 'o Johanna L. Plen
ker. lot on N line of Portland street, 222:5 i. of
Central avenue. E 100, by N 110. being lots 9 and
12, map of Central avenue Tract, being a sub
division of lots 2 and 3, Kingsland Tract, Brook
lyn TownshiD: $10. .
• J R. W. and Mary B. Snow to Susan J. Fenton, lot
on N line of Fourteenth street, 70 S of Castro, E
40 by N 103:9. block 256, Oakland: $10. ; --.
J. E. and Elsi<; A. and Charles F.
Cornwall (administrator of the estate of Jenisha
F. Cornwall, by commissioner) to Thomas Hart,
and assigned to R. M. Flizgera.d and P. K. Bowles,
lot on JVK corner Shattuck avenue and Drexler
! Trac" x 140 El 74. sE 230, W 270 to beginning,
! Lhf« portion Of plan 49 and 96, liancho V. and
fJle^unllt 'belngportion of plat ■« l Rancho V.
and 5 Peralta, Oakland Township: $131^.
Jo^n Smith o Sophie M. Smith, lots 17 and 18,
Rio Grande Tract, subject to mortgage, Brooklyn
T ll VI F "ami annn.e Gllmore to the Elmhurst Land
Company, undivided half interest n lots Ito 14,
IK to o" ann73toloo,KlmhurstPurk;and lots 1
to 25 74 to 102, 105 to 117, 121, 122, 123 and 125,
Elm! urst Park 2, Brooklyn Township: $10. ■
(?S and Maria E. Martin to August Breiden
.Ltein lot on S line of Saratoga avenue, 40 W of
Orchard street W4oby B 132. 50, beinit lot 16,
block B. amended map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
T \V °SS b Jacobs' (by commissioner) to E. B. Dun
nine lot on N line of Santa Clara avenue. 126:6
\V of Pearl street. W 60 by N 145 being a portion
of lots 11, 12 and IS. block 5. Hays and Caperton
nroperty. Alameda; $5600.
V«rv J Knowles to Sophia Curtis, lot on W line
of Ninth street. 200 8 of Railroad avenue, 565 by
W 133-6 quitclaim deed, Alameda: $10. .
Frank >;. Curtis to same, same, Alameda; gift. I
1 Thomas M. and Mariana I. Mederos to Manuel
B ' Rodriitues, lot on .v line of crescent avenue, 200
Fof N Third street, E 100, N 214.48, W to a point
which would Intersect a line drawn N at right
angles from point of beginning on S,' 171.28 to be
ginning, • being ; lots 16 ana 17,' block 'G, Knox
Tract, adjacent to Haywards,: Eden Township;
$10. - ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Kdward Bnrrnn (by executrix) with
Charles A. Inger-on and t'yrus A. Gore.
Alterations and additions to a four-story build-
Ins on s line ot Post street, 107:11 W of Kearny,
$4925: H. H. White, architect.
c. 11. Kvans with H. Kineroie, to erect a two
siorv builains on > Kline of Fremont street, 68:4
N\V of Howard, $4947: Percy <fe Hamilton, archi
tects.
• — ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
AunrsT, 1896.
3a. Mo. Tu.j W. Th. IT. is a. Moon's Phasi-sj
: 1 (s^Laat Quarter.
—-____ ; -__ "V: v August 1.
2s * 6 »78«k New Moon.
— V2V.". August 8.
*_ 10 11 12 13 14 15 Flrs . Quarr J
ia - ' ~ • r— v <^ / August 15.
16 17 18 19 20 21 VI — —
- — 1_ __ _!(¥» Full Moon.
23 24 25 26 27 28 | 29 JZI-I^!!^
~~~ — -^— — — — "■' /7*\La8t Quarter.
30 31 I j | K *»' Augnst31
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
S STKAMKB f | nMTIKATIOS. | . HK 1 1.V | pr i^~
*»"-...... Coo» war..;... auk 15.10am 1 Her li
*or» *».... NtwDORV.;.;: Angle, V»am I PierU
Weeou ... Kel River Augla.. Bps, Pier IS
Columbia... Portland ....;. Augltf.KU* Pler'2*
Empire..... Urecon ports . Au«]«. bpii Pier 13
rM e . rU ii ■■;■,- lna<tJa an Augl7.,3PM
UtyPuebla. VictPzusnu Angl7.BAii Pier 9
hanu Rosa. Ban Dleeo Auk 17 Ham Pier 11
Pomona....*, liumbotcttBar Aug 17. am Pler»
City of Para Panama....... auk 18,158 ; i PMSS
Trockeev... coos Bar.....; 18,12 : »i Pler8-
Coos Bay.... Newnort ;r:r;r Auk19. Pah Pier 11
Arcata.....: Orpgon ports .. Ang 19,10AMiPier2*
Monowai... Sydney.......; Aug 20. 2pm Oceanic
ABlancharu Oregon ports.. Aus20. Bpm Pier 13,
Slate of CaL fortlana Aug 21.10am Pier 554'
Corona..;;;. San Diego Ang21.llAM Pier 11 '
£**£"$£•;• *«jntna,Bay.. Aug22.f9 A u fieri -
Walla Walla ViodtPgtSno Aug 22. 9am Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Empire... I Portland... Auk 15
Oily Of Para.... ' Panama ..Angls
Banta Kowu. . ... Kan l>i««ro- An-i;,
&an Bern to...... Tacoma.. ..Aug 15
Arcata: ;..'.....: Portland.'........ Aug 15
Proereso V..... . Seattle^. ................. ..Angle
romona.. ....... HnmDolds iJ«r — ..Auk IB
SanMateo Comox..... Aug IB
Truckee. ........ Coos Bay Aug la
Del None .:.... Grays HarDOr „. ..AuelS
Coos Bay....... Newport . ..Aug 17
Walla Alia Victoria * Pntcec Sound ..Aui; 18
' State of Cai. '.'.'.; ; Portland...-...; Aug 18
' Alice Blancnard Portland ..Aur 18
Corona ;...... jSanUlejta ..Aug 19
Weeotc. ........ ifiei Kiver : Aur 19
Araeo ........ Coos Bay Aim -0
Crescent City... Crescent ukt. Aug 20
farallon.. yaauina nay..; - ..Aug 21
KnreKa. .....-.- Newport Aur 21
Queen.......... Victoria* Pnget Sound ..Aug 21
eionol UravsnarDor Aiis 21
Orizaba :. Mexico...... Aur21
Australia. : Honolulu .. Aup22
: Acapulca... ..... fanama • ; Aug 05
SUN, MOON AN D TIDE.
T" P. COAfIT A?*T> GKODKTIO STTRVTJT TrDl>
EOLI-KTISr PUBLISHBD BY OFFICIAL L
AtTTHOBJTY OF TH« SUPKBIXTIIXDUXT J
Saturday. August 15.
BnnrlsM..... 5.241 Moon rise*
Bun sets 7.021 Mood sets 10.36rn
August— lß96.
. j>i Time Feet Time Feet Time F«*jTin>e|
glH W L. W ' ■ H W IT7~w!
161 5.13 4.1 ».51 573 4.17 6> 11.4Q — 5-3
16 6.54 3.9 10.47 3.1 6.18 6.9 . •
L W H W L W h"\V
17 0.55 0.0 8.22 4.0 12.00 3.5 6.24 5 9
1 8 2.05 -0.3 9.30 4.2 1.22 3.6 7.80 «n
19 3.04 -0.6 10.21 4.« 2.40 3.6, 8.J4 «i
20 8.54—0.7 11.04 4.8 3.4* 8.8 9.32 &.h
21 4.37-0.7 11.40 6.0 4.35 3.0 10.24 «i
Note— In the above exposition of the tides th*
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides «yf the day in th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rtent
hand celumn gives the last tide of the day excent
when there are but three tides, as sometlmei
occurs. The heights given are additions to th*
soundings on tha United States Coast Survor
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given is subtracti™
from the depth given by tner-htirts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Bbanch Hydbosbaphio Ofkicu, tj. a N., >
Mkbchants' Exchanojk. y
Ban Fbancisco. August 14. 1898. )
The time ball on Teletrrapn HtK was arooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 *. it, Greenwich time,
' A. F. Fkchtklkh,
Lieutenant U. R N. In otinrge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. August 14.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 22 hours from £el
River; pass and mdse, to Buss, Sanders <t Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. 15 hours from Green*
wood: r r ties, to i. E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 81 hours from Astoria;
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Schr Etta B, Bourne, 9 hours from Fort Ross:
45 bxs butter, to Ross <fc Hewlett.
Bchr Reliance, Jensen, 70 hours from Shelter
Cove: 90 eds wood, to A W Beadle <fc Co.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 17 hour? from Bowenq
Landing: 150 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood. Oak
land direct. ■
Schr Ocean spray, Nelson. 12 hours from Walsh
Landing; 95 eds wood, to N Iversen.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 2 days from Needle
Rock; wood and bark, to N Iversen.
Schr S Danlelson, Voße!, 30 hours from Albion;
130 cords bark, to Beadle <fc Co.
vleurcil.
FRIDAY, August 14.
Ktmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
- kins & Co.
tier ship Christine, Warneke, Mlstley; Geo W
Me Near.
Br ship Ky nance, Murphy, Qneenstown; Balfour,
Guthrie i Co.
»al!o.».
FRIDAY. August 14.
Stmr Farallon. Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Conway, Port Hariord, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Navarro, Miller. Crescent City.
Bktn s N Castle. Hubbard, Honolulu.
•Schr Helen N Kiraball, Guttormsen.
Schr Glen, Jorgenson, Columbia River,
Teiecraplilo.
POINT LOBOS. August 14-10 p. Weather
hazy : wind NW; velocity. 20 .11119*.
Charters.
The sblp Samaria loads coal at Tacoma for this
port; Br ship C nckraaan mshlre, wheat at Port
land for South Africa. 27s 6d.
The Br ship Carradale is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 26s 6d ne .
- • •i)oH' i ->.
July 2o— 15 N. long 26 W, Br ship Genista,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
' Domestic Torn-
TJSAIi- Arrived Aug 14-Stmr Westport, hence
Aug 18.
WE-TPORT— Sailed Aug 14-Stmr Albion, for
Needle Rock.
CAS.PAR-Salled Aug 14— Scnr Maxim, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Aug 14— Ship Co
lumbia, hence July 29: scnr Sadie, from Ban
Pedro. • •
Sailed Aug 14— Schr Chas E Falk, for Suva.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Auk 14-Schr
Reporter, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Ang 9-Schr C T
Hill, hence July 24.
VENTURA— Arrived Aui? 14— Stmr GeoLoomls
hence Auc 13, and sailed for Sun Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Ang 14— Stmr Pomona, hno
"filed Aug Schr Metha Nelson, for Mcl-
TACOMA-Salled Anjr 14— Bark Holllswood, for
we<t roast of South America.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug 14— Schr Lacy, for
San Pedro. ■
I PORT— Arrived Ang Stmr Albion,
hence Aug 13.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 14— Schr Pioneer, for
San Francisco ; schr Louise, for Umpqua.
ALBlON— Sailed Aug i2— Stmr South Coast, for
Cayucos; stmr Scotia, for -<an Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Aug 11-Stmr Noyo,
hence Aug 13.
Sailed auk 14— Stmr Caspar, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Aug 18.
Sailed Aug 14— Schr Laura Madsen, for Sala
verry.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 14— Schr
Beulah, from Guaymas.
TATOOSH— Passed Auk l.S— Stmr San Bentto,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
ROCK PORT— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Cleone,
hence Aug IS. ■
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 14— Fr bark Da Gues>
tin. from Saigon. . .
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton. -ifl*SWßs
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Norman
nia. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed An? 14— Stmr Colum
bia, lor New York. ■ ■■:-. ....
GLASGOW— SaiIed Aug 14— Stmr Circassla, for
New York. . '■■ ■
NAPLES— SaiIed Ang 14— stmr Ems, for New
York.
BROADHEAD— Passed Aug ! 12— Stmr Etrnria,
from New York, for Liverpool.
. Foreign Port*.
PANAMA — Arrived July 24— Stmr City of
Panama, from Manzanillo. July 26— Stmr Aca
nulco, hence June 27. July 28— Br stmr Barra
rout a. from Champerlco. Aug I— Stmr Costa Rica
lrom Champerlco.
Sailed July 31— Stmr City of Panama for Man
zaniito.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 12-Br ship Simla,
for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Marlposa,
hence .July 23. ■--: ■' ■
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug 11— Br shin
Rahane, -: for San : Francisco. ; Aug 12— ship
Grassendale.'for San Frrnclsco.
(iUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 13— Br • ship
Samaritan, hence April 18.
Importation <.
PORT KENYON— Per Weeott— kegs 214%
bxs butter, 1 horse, 1 buggy, 1 cs hats, 1 bx frogs,
6 IkEs mdse. 142 hogs, 66 eds stavebolts.
Shelter Cove— l 6 bags 3 hf-bags woo..
Coii«i«rn«*\t."'
Per Weeott— Rubs, Sanders * Co: FBHalrtt: H
H Hcgan: Brlgham. Hoppe* Co: Wit Ml & Baker;
O B Smith & Co: Wbeaton, Breon * Co: F H Ken
nedy; Dodge. Sweeney & Co. Hills Bros: Trlest A
Co:* H N Tilden&Co: Dairymen's Union ; Peter
Mreiff : W C Price A Co: Kowalsky « Co: Califor
nia Barrel Co: M Kallsh & Co; Ross A Hewlett;
Thos Denlgan, Son & Co: « Standard Oil Co: Mar
shall & Riemers; Norton, Teller A Co; Roth, Blum
A Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Pane.
, saving a. Client-'
The ethics of. the difference between the
professional opinion of a paid advocate
and the honest conviction of a learned
man were set forth by a well-known Eng
lisn barrister who died recently. The story
is nat to be found in the reminiscence!
which he published shortly before his
dea "h. It was a case of murder, and the
client and counsel were closeted together.
"Smith," said the barrister, "of course
I know you didn't murder the man, but,
as a matter of fact, did you do it with the
butt end of a revolver or with a stick?"
"Sir," said Smith, ''I swear I am inno
cent. 1 ' "I know that perfectly well, but
you must tell me. For if you did it with,
a revolver, I shall say to the prosecution,
'Produce the slick!' and if you did it with,
a stick I shall say 'Produce the revolver!' "
Thaclient Daused and scratched his head
meditatively, "It was the butt end of a
"revolver, *ir." "That's right!" said the
counsel; "I think I can get you off now.' 1
— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Eighty-five per cent of the people who
are lame are affected on the left side.BORING FOR OIL
IN CONTRA COSTA
Rich Surface Indications
Plentiful in the
District.
LARGE PLANT ERECTED.
Charles Sonntag at the Head!
of the New Commercial
Industry.
WORKING NIGHT AND DAY.
Down About ioo Feet— Prepared to
Bore 2500 Feet If Found
Necessary.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— Another
rich strike has been made in the Contra
Costa hills oil district, and it is antici
pated that before many weeks hundreds
of barrels of pure petroleum will ba ponr
ing forth daily from the extensive wells
now being sunk.
A company, with Charles Sonntag, the
well-known Market-street, San Francisco,
merchant, as principal stockholder, and
A. L. MacPherson of Oakland as superin
tendent, became interested in the rich
findings oF petroleum scepaze and gas in
the region near Lafayette, and being con
vinced that a fortune lav beneath the
hidden strata of shale decided to erect a
plant and commence boring for the oil.
Locating at a point on the northern slope
of the hills, three miles from Lafayette
and eleven miles from Berkeley, on the
Josiah Allen ranch, they put up a $3000
plant of the most complete and approved
order.
Plenty of capital is said to be back of the
concern, and it the flow of oil proves to be
as great as anticipated pipes will belaid
to Oakland and the fluid conveyed in them
to nn extensive refinery there, which will
become a necessity.
Visions of pure petroleum flowing from
the earth like streams of clear, cool water
out of the living rock have come across
those who have seen the plant and learned
the history of oil-seepage in the territory
round about.
For the past seven months the com
pany has been quietly at work erecting
suitable buildings and putting into place
the necessary machinery. No money has
been spared in the purchase of ail the
latest appliances for the successful devel
opment of such industries, so great have
been the surface indications.
Several years ago a plant was located on
the Mirer ranch, adjoining the property
on which the present one is situated, and
several wells were sunk, but the company, •
lacking the determination and capital to
push ttiQ work, abandoned the scheme,
havine gone down only about sixty feet.
Nothing more was done in the district un
til the Sonntag Company took up the
work, though the surface indications are ;
plentiful throughout the district, from the !
old Fish ranch to Mount Diablo.
A journey to the scene of this new field j
of commercial activity was taken this
morninf; by a Call representative and an
artist. After a two hours' ride of eleven
miles from Berkeley, through the heavy j
dust and over steep grades, under ascorcn- j
ing sun, the scene of operations was
reached. Situated in a secluded spot in a
deep canyon was found the most exten
sive oil-borinK plant in the State.
A derrick or tower eighty feet in height
and a shed S6venty-rive feet Jong, to cover
the engine, boiler and other machinery,
formed the principal buildines. The plant
was found to be equipped with a 25-horse
power boiler, a 15-horsepower engine,
three complete drilling machine?, weigh
ing about 5000 pounds each; 6000 or 7000
feet of rope, and cable, windlasses, bull
wheels and hoisting apparatus capable of
handling the machinery necessary to sink
the well 2500 feet. A 14-inch well has
been bored something over 100 feet deep
and cased with 12-inch heavy pipe. Four
skilled oilweli-borers are employed on
each shift and the work goes on night and
day. The work of drilling began only
about ten days ago.
The workmen have encountered several
very hard streak?, and their labors nave
consequently not progressed as rapidly as
under ordinary circumstances. The super
intendent said today that they would
probably go down about forty or fifty feet
every twenty-four hours, as soon as they
get under full iwipg. No granite forma
tions have been reached, but hard sand
stone has been found in abundance. Oper
ations were suspended for awhile to-day
because of the well having become* filled
with water. The filling in of water has
been the greatest difficulty * with which
the operators have been forced to contend.
Several cabins for the accommodation
of the employes nave been built and a big
supply of wood for use in winter is now
l eing cut and hauled to the plant.
That oil is to be had in great abundance
the company is absolutely confident, but
how far they will have to bore is a matter
of peculation. Superintendent MacPher
son stated to-day that they are prepared
to go down 2500 feet if neceasary.
Martin'B ill Health.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— The resig- j
nation of Attorney J. C. Martin as a
director of the Napa Insane Asylum is due
entirely to ill health. He has been unable
to attend board meetings for, several
months, and he now contemplates taking
a sea voyage, in the hope that it will be
beneficial. He has held the office of
director for seventeen years.
• — » — «
COUNTY REGISTRATION.
Over Three Thousand Names Leas
Thau There Were Two Tears
Ago.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— There are
3563 fewer names on the new great regis
ter of Alameda County than there was on
the register canceled. That was got
out under a law that allowed the clerk 10
cents for each name enrolled and was
always considered as having been badly
stuffed. The new one, on the other hand,
has been entirely the work of County
Clerk Jordan, and he bears all the expense
connected with issuing it.
There were fifty-two persons employed
about the office to-day taking off the
transcripts on the typewriters, comparing
and correcting the same for the Republi
can primaries to-morrow. There are be
ing made four separate copies of the reg
ister for each precinct containing the
name, personal description and address of
the voter. The totals as compared with
the old register and the vote cast in 1894
by precincts are:
B.SS 5.2 *
I!_J1J_
Fir-t Ward 1.733 2,378 1,399
I Second Ward 2,123 MM 1.6S9
Third Ward 1,7»3 1,88»| 1,437
Fourth Ward ....... 2,0^ 2,i96 1.616
Fifth Ward 1.419 1,677 1,075
Sixth Ward 1.685 2,469 1,866
KeventhWard. 2.080 2.479 1.729
Alameda. 3,193 3,442 8,419
i Berkeley .....:..... 2,430; 2,737 1,751
j Brooklyn Township. 1,229 1.217 917
Oakland Township 1,787 1,84-j 1,245
i Eden Township 1.651 1.892 1,455
Murray Township 1. 428 1,571 1,164
i Washington Township.... 1,129 ; 1,232 968
Totals ....; 25,702 29,269 20,173
Volunteers' New Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— The Volun
teers of America will formally open their
new post at 865 Broadway to-morrow
evening. This is the old Y. M. C. A. Hall,
Scene of the Recent Strike of Oil Back of Berkeley, Near Lafayette.
and has many associations to Christian
workers. It is significant that on both
sides of the bay the Volunteers have
stepped into vacant Y. M. C. A. halls.
=====
GOLDEN WEST NATIVES,
They Will Pack the Exposition
Building and Render the
Programme
Two Historical Exhibits to Be Found
tin the Non-Partisan W. C. T. U.
Booth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, Aug. 14. ( :
The capacity of the exposition was the I
limit of the attendance to-night, when the ]
exercises were in charge of the lrisb socie
ties. The beautiful programme of Irish
melody and literature was artistically ren
dered, and the audience was the most en
thusiastic that has yet assembled.
Saturday is Native Sons and Native
Daughters' day, and the following even
ing programme has been prepared :,,!
Address by the grand president, N. S. G. W.,
Hon. H. C. Gesford; address by the grand
vice-president, N. I). G. W., Mrs. Bell Conrad;
vocal solo, Miss Gretchen Bennett, accom
panied by A. L. Bengel : Spanish dance. Miss
IdaMaloon; vocal solo, "The Storm Fiend,"
George Beebe; monologue, Eddie Sweeney;
selection. Reliance Glee Club; selections by
the Oakland Exposition band.
Among the unique exhibits of the expo
sition are two remarkable pictures hang
ing in the booth of the non-partisan W. C.
T. U., presided over by Mrs. M. K. Blake,
Mrs. E. Clune and Miss Emily Raymond.
These pictures— rare works of art— are the
property of Mrs. L. L. Walker, formerly of
Philadelphia, who received as a gift these
pictures from the Corn Exchange Regi
ment of Philadelphia for services ren
dered the Union soldiers, dnring the late
war, as a nurse.
One picture represents Abraham Lin
coln. It is fashioned entirely of the most
delicate penmanship, which, upon close
inspection, is seen to be the famous
Proclamation of Emancipation.
The other picture represents three great
generals— George Washington, on horse
back: General McClellan and General
Winneld Scott. Only one picture is
visible at a time, and by a change of posi
tion, when viewing the picture, the first is
lost to sight and ; another ; appears. Mrs.
Walker values these reminders of the past
very highly, and has refuse i a number of
offers to buy them by patriotic curio-hunt
ers visiting the exposition. '
■■: ■ :^'u.. ■■ ■■ ' .' • m -
State I qualizatlon.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 14.— The cita
tion for the County of Alameda to show
cause before the State Board of Equaliza
tion why its assessment should not be
raised, which was set for next Monday,
has been changed to Monday, August 28—
a week later.
The reason for thi.-i change is that
Assessor Dahon bad been cited to appear
before the Oakland City Board of Equal
ization that night, and the Board of Su
pervisors had adjourned to hold a meet
ing the same date. On this showing the
change was ordered made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
PERMANENT SHOW
FOR THE COM
Exhibits Commence to Ar
rive at the Hall of
Records.
I DETAILS OF THE WORK.
1
j Visitors Can Learn All About
Alameda County at a
Glance.
RESULT OF THE EXPOSITION.
The Need of a Large Building for
Permanent and Special Shows
Clearly Demonstrated.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 14. f
The first exhibit in the permanent county
showrooms arrived to-day. It consists of
several large glass jars of remarkably
; large fruits. When the Exposition closes
i the county exhibit will be at once taken
'■ in hand by the Board of Trade and a
i splendid show is promised.
The Supervisors have granted the use of
the lower floor in tne new annex to the
; Hall of Records for the purpose of a per
-1 manent exhibit. It is a large, well
lighted hall, and the directors guarantee
that the exhibit when completed shall not
be inferior to that of the State Board of
Trade in San Francisco.
Tbe lines on which the new exhibit is
proposed to be conducted are very compre
hensive and decidedly useful. Tbe exhibit
will be, in a measure, a miniature county
of Alameda. It will contain complete and
attractive samples of all the croducts of
the county, and in addition all the data as
to the productiveness, soil, climate and
character of every locality.
A visitor to the exhibit will be able to go
to a large map and refer to any section,
and will then be furnished with all the in
formation that he can desire except an
actual sight of the locality. The secretary
will be on hand to supply the facts and
figures, which will be guaranteed as being
thoroughly reliable.
The various towns and cities will main
tain exhibits, and will replenish them at
intervals, and everything will be kept up
to date.
Tbe Oakland Exposition, which is a
corporation, is anxious that a permanent
and capacious exposition hall shall be
erected, in wtich special expositions s: ail
be held in their season. Director Keller
said to-day that the success of the present
venture bas justified the plan for the erec
tion of a large hall.
"We have plans 4n hand and our inten
tion is to carry them out," he said, "but
iv this matter we believe in moving slowly
and surely. Although it would not be ad
visable to do it there is no doubt that it
would be a great success if we were to keep
the present Exposition open several weeks
longer. It is crowded every night ana no
one could wish more. Our company has
incorporated with sufficient stock to carry
out our ideas, but we have made no effort
to dispose of what the directors have not
taken, as we realize that no mistakes must
be made.
"Oakland needs nothing more urgently
to-day than a large exhibition bail, where
expositions and conventions can be beJd
with comfort. The outcome of tbe Ex
position will the establishment of such a
place. We do not regard such a project
any longer as an experiment. We are sat
isfied that success ia guaranteed and
the directors will probably take some
definite action as soon as the Exposition
closes."
GRANTED REDUCTIONS.
All the Electric-Car Line Franchise
Assessments Slightly Reduced.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 14.— The City
Council, sitting as a Board of Equalization,
last evening reduced the assessments of
the streetcar franchises. The changes
were: Alameda line, four and a half miles,
from $36,000 to $27,000; Oakland Consoli
dated, from $40,000 to $30,000; East Oak
land, from $25,000 to $22,500; Piedmont
and Mountain View, from $25,000 to
$22,500.
Money Accepted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— The last
formality connected with securing the
right of way for the new intercounty road
over the hills into Contra Costa County
was completed to-day, when the inter
ested parties accepted the money awarded
them by the Supervisors for the land
taken. Grading will be commenced at
once and within a month a new easy
grade road will be an accomplished fact.
Found Dead.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— This morn
ing, when J. Waiter Scott of 168 East
Twelfth street went to awaken his gar
dener, William Johnson, lie found him
dead in bed. Deceased was a native of
England, about 60 years of age, and bad
no relatives that any one here knows of.
He went to btd last night about 8 o'clock,
feeling as well as ever. He had formerly
been troubled with heart disease, and it is
su pposed to be the cause of his death.
FOR MAJORS' PARDON.
Efforts to Have the Boy Burglar Sent
From Folsoin to Whit
tier.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 14. j
A formal application was made to Gov
ernor Budd to-day to pardon Abe Majors,
or at least to transfer him from the Fol
sora penitentiary to the Whittier Reform
School, on the ground that, at the time
the crimes with which he stands con
victed and when sentence was pronounced
on him, he was not yet 16 years of age.
The matter is being handled by Mrs.
Lydia A. Prescott, secretary of ihe Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
A Smooth Operator.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 11.— The police
are looking for a young well-dressed man,
who is going about the city looking over
the interior 'of houses with some unknown
motive. He called at the residence of
Captain Wilson of the Police Department
and informed the girl who attended the
door that he had been sent by the Chief of
Police to examine the fastenings of the
doors and windows. She refused him ad
mittance and he went away. It is be
lieved he belongs to a gang that is prepar
ing to do some night work.
Awaiting the Money.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 14.— Mrs. Annie
Stevens, whose expectations of an English
fortune have been exploited in the press,
has received word that there is £250, or
$1280, due her. She is now doing house
work in this city, and lives in hopes that
she will get the money soon, so as to be
able to take life easy.
MAY YET BE THE CHIEF,
James Kenney's Supporters for
Fire Chief Are Still in
the Fight
President Richards' Return May Give
Krnney a Majority in the
Eoard of Trustees.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— The sup
porters of James Kenney, in his fight for
the office of Fire Chief, have not yet given
up hope and are ready to make another
struggle to have their man appointed.
Kenney now has three supporters in the
Board of Trustees. It is thought that
when President Richards returns from his
vacation there may be four members of
the board ready to appoint the Columbia
firemen's foreman to the office of chief,
and as soon as there is a full board pres
ent again another effort will be made to
seat Mr. Kenney in the office to which he
aspires.
May Not Return.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— A ques
tion has arisen that may prevent the re
turn to college o* Sprinter Barnes, who
was a member of the U. C. team that went
East in 1894, and who has been looked for
to fill a big place in track athletics 'luring
the present year. Barnes went East be
fore the examinations of the spring ot
1894, and it is now said that he may not be
able to secure credit for that year's work.
Smooth Swindlers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— During
the past few days a number of petty swin
dlers have been operating in Berkeley and
are believed to have made a number of
small hauls. One individual has been
calling at residences with a buggy to
secure shoes for repair, keeping the shoes
he obtained. The old dod«e of producing
a package with freight due on it has been
worked, and a third scheme bas been the
soliciting of funds for the Fred Finch
Orphanage.
To Lecture to Farmers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— A com
mittee of the faculty and regents of the
university is arranging for the series of
lectures to be delivered by professors and
instructors of the Agricultural College in
different parts of the State. The com
mittee is preparing a schedule ot places to
be visited and subjects to be treated.
The College Papers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— A1l of the
university papers are preparing to resume
publication. The students' daily, the
Berkeleyan, and the Josh, will reappear
on Monday and the Occident will be issued
for the first time this term on Thursday.
Picnic aud Festival.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.— The dra
matic branch of the Order of Hermann's
Sons of West Berkeley will give a picnic
and summer night festival on Sunday
evening. The picnic will be preceded by
a grand procession through the streets.
Measuring the Freshmen.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Aue. 14.— The work
of measuring and examining members of
tbe class of- 1900 is now well under way.
About fifty of the freshmen have now
been examined.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 14.-James W.
Scoegins, the sprinter, has returned to
Colusa, and will not enter college this
year.
Regular work at the university began to
day for all but the freshmen.
A petition is in circulation in South
Berkeley askins that the Board of Educa
tion use South Berkeley Hall as a primary
school, thus saying small children of the
south end a daily trip to Lorin.
Efforts are being made to organize a
Bryan and Sewall club in South Berkeley.
Work has been begun upon the exten
sion of the wires of the Oakland lias Light
and Heat Company to Berkeley, to con
nect with the lighting system of the
Berkeley Electric Lighting Company.
The Pastors' Aid Society of the First
Presbyterian Churcn will give a strawberry
and ice-cream festival in the old church on
next Tuesday evening.
President 8. M. Jefferson of the Berke
ley Bible Seminary will preach next Sun
day morning in the First Christian Church.
frick and Hilborn.
OAKLAND, Cal., Ane. 14. -An after
noon paper that is friendly to the candi
dacy of Congressman Hilborn contained
an interview this afternoon, in which
Senator Perkins was quoted as saying that
he favored Judee Hilborn.
Senator Perkins was seen to-night by
Judge Frick and a delegation of his
friends. The Senator said that while he
was not quoted correctly he favors tbe re
turn of the entire California delegation.
He also stated that it was his idea that
Congressman Grove L. Johnson should
also be returned together with James G.
Maguire.
Judge Frick's friends say that Frick was
first brought|forward by William D. Ham
ilton, secretary to Senator Perkins, and a
promise made that Senator Perkins would
keep out of the fight.
Senator Eli Denison said that he was
told by Senator Perkins that he was in
favor of a younger man. Denison claims
that Perkins bas broken faith and is not
deserving of support.
The St. Louis Auditorium.
The St. Louis Republic says that the
auditorium in which the Republican con
vention was held will stand till November
1. After that it will become the property
of the contractor, Richard P. McClure,
who will have it torn down and sell the
salvage as old lumber. By the terms of
the contract the building will be for rent
for big meetings and rallies until that
date. It will be useless during the winter,
for it would cost not less than $10,000 to
put a heating plant into the immense
building. The ground it occupies will be
converted into a city park next spring.
WILL FIGHT FOR
HIS CHILDREN,
Lieutenant Meehan Says
His Wife Eloped With
an Actor.
HER FRIENDS DENY IT.
A Sensation Promised Monday
When the Case Comes
to Trial.
SAYS SHE TOOK HIS MONEY.
When Taken to Trial the Charge
Was Proven to B3 Without
Foundation.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 14. f
Lieutenant Meehan has lost his wife,
and he declares that she has eloped with
a vaudeville actor. The name of t c man
who is said to have broken up the Meehan
home is Carl yon Horsenstoff, who for
greater convenience has used the name of
Boman for a long time.
"I am more concerned for my two chil
dren than I am for my wife," said the
lieutenant to-day. "When she left she
took them with her, and I have com
menced proceedings to regain their cus
tody. Next Monday the case comes up
before Judge Gree'ne and I sball do every-
Mrs. Meehan, Who Is Supposed to Have Left Her Husband, Lieutenant Meehan,
and Has Taken tier Children With Her.
thing possible to regain possession of
them. One is a little boy of 7 and Mary is
11. We were married in Oregon, where I
was lieutenant in the Fourteenth Infantry.
I was in the navy during the war and won
the rank of lieutenant. I was disabled by
paralysis in 1385 and have been retired
since then on a pension of $72 per month.
I have made my home in Oakland for over
a year, but have to be wheeled around, as
I cannot walk.
"When I received my last pension
money my wife knocked it out of my
hand, and after picking it up went off with
It, taking the children with her.
"I have since learned that she went off
with an actor named Yon Horsenstoff. At
the time I knew him I thought he was a
married man, but I have since found out
that he never was married. He used to
be known as Boman and he is responsible
for all this trouble."
For running off with his money Meehan
had his wife arrested, but she was dis
charged in the Police Court.
The story told by Mrs. Meehan's friends
is of a very different nature. They declare
that Meehan, who is considerably older
than his wife, is of a very irritable disposi
tion and frequently struck his wife with
his crutch. She was so humiliated by
being taken to the Police Court that she
refused to return home. Her children,
young as they are, sympathize with their
mother, and she took them when she went
away. It is said that when she turns up
sue will have some very dark things to say
of the skeleton that has been concealed in
tbe lieutenant's house for many montds,
but which only recently broke loose. Mrs.
Meehan has a married sister residing in
San Francisco and another in Portland,
and it is believed that she is with one of
them.
An intimate acquaintance of the family
said to-day that Meehan is trying to con
nect Yon Horsenstoff with his wife's dis
appearance for the purpose of creating the
impression that she is not a fit guardian
for the children. If Meehan should be
awarded their custody ho could not look
after them, a» he is helpless, and his in
come would not permit of his hiring a
governess.
The struggle for the children is exciting
a great deal of interest among the old |
soldiers, and the legal fight will un
doubtedly produce some sensational de- j
velopments.
DR. KURLMAN NOT JAILED.
He Was Beleased by Judge Slack on an
Appeal to the Supreme Court.
Dr. Kuhlman, the recalcitrant physi
cian, whose refusal on constitutional
grounds to testify at a Coroner's inquest
caused his committal to jail for contempt
by Judge Hunt, ia yet at liberty.
"After his committal the doctor secured
his release from Judce Slack on nn appeal
to the Supreme Court, after furnishing the
required bond.
The doctor is confident that the Supreme
Court will rule that the Coroner has no
right to imprison him.
♦— • — •
David Woerner's Heirs.
Gustave Woerner, son of David Woerner, the
Mission cooper, who died recently, nas ap
plied for letters of guardianship over the per
sons and estates of his six minor brothers and
sisters. The business of deceased Is to be run
as belore his death, for the benefit of the chil
dren.
Detrauding Women.
Mrs. Marie Labarere, 116 Sixth street, swore
to a complaint in Jjdge Joachimsen's court
yesterday charging M. T. Ward with petty lar
ceny by trick and device. Ward took rooms
in her house and ran up a bill amounting to
$28. He then borrowed $10 from her, repre
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
senting he had morey in the Hibernia Bank,
which she found was not true. Some weeks
ago Judge Joachimsen fined Ward $50 for de
frauding an innkeeper.
LADIES WANT THE BALLOT.
A Test Tote at a Social of the Native
Sons of Vermont.
The Pacific Coast Association of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont enjoyed a literary
and musical programme, a social time
and a dance last night in Odd Fellows'
Hall, together with their wives, daugh
ters, sisters and sweethearts.
An interesting feature of the occasion
was the polling of the ladies as to whether
they want woman suffrage or not. This
was the ballot:
• BALLOT
; (For Ladies Only.)
: Are you in favor of Woman Suffrage? •
: Answer :
: (Write answer and deposit ballot in oox In :
: front corridor.) :
A total of 13-5 votes were cast, and if the
preference of the ladies of California at
larce is tne same as the ladies of the
Native Sons of Vermont, they want the
ballot by a large majority. There were
ninety-eignt votes for woman suffrage
and 'thirty-five against. When Vice
president George Partridge, who officiated
as chairman in the absence of President F.
Dillingham, announced the result there
was applause.
The following was the literary and
musical programme:
Overture, Dellepiane's orchestra; fancy
dancing, Pearl Bryson; character recitation,
George McQuarrie; son?, "For the Sake of the
Past" (Tito Mattel), Miss Alice Partridge;
dramatic reading, "Hagar" (Nicholson), Miss
Retena Helen Owens; barytone solo, "The
Bandit" (A. S. Rhorer), A. S. Rhorer; special
ties, Miss Etta Butler. A comedietta, one
act (with song and dance), entitled "The
iiouse Trap" (Mrs. Burton Harrison)— Mr.
Mortimer Briefbag, a counsellor-at-law, Regi
nald Travers; Mrs. Pretlpet, a young widow,
Miss May Capwell. Scene— Parlor in Mrs. Preti
pet's flat. Spanish Bolero, in costume, Miss
Erne Bonde and Miss Cecelia Harmon.
Every number on the programme was
encored, and the bouquets handed over
the footlights to the fair participants were
quite numerous. Miss Etta Butler was
recalled twice. She sbowed comedy talent
far above tne ordinary, as did Miss May
Capwell and Reginald Travers.
Dancing began at 10 o'clock and con
tinued till about midnight.
• — ♦— •
Two Chinese Bobbers.
Ah Sue and Mart Torr, Chinese laborers,
were arrested last evening by Sergeant Hen
derson and posse and detained at the Califor
nia-street police station on a charge of rob
bery. The prisoners entered the room of Yee
Hon, a Chinese woman, on Waverly place and
robbed her of several pieces of jewelry.
AN INDUSTRY SHOT DOWN
Coming Events Casting Dark
Shadows Before
Them.
Pottery Works Closed at West End.
A Generous Comp iment From Oak
land to Alameda Children.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 14.— The N.
Clark & Son's pottery works at the West
End has temporarily shut down and over
forty workmen are out of employment.
It cannot definitely be stated when they
will reopen, but it is hoped that a month
from now they will be in full swing again.
"The shutting down is but a temporary
affair," says A. V. Clark. "We nave on
hand as much stock as we can handle at
the present time, and are only filling con
tracts which we have under way. We
look forward to the political situation
also in our business and for that reason
we do not wish to overstock ourselves."
A Deserved Compliment.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 14.— The Oak
land Enquirer in to-night's issue pays Ala
meda school children a high compliment
for their behavior at the exposition yes
terday. It says:
The admirable conduct of the thousands of
school children at the exposition yesterday
was the subject of heiirtv commendation. Each
school had chosen iis committee to assume
charge of a given number of pupils, and the
result was in every way satssfactory. Indeed,
the appearßr.ee of the Alameda people gener
ally, especially the large proportion of bright
looking children and handsome yountr ladies,
was a subject of complimentary remark by the
Oakland people present, and tne hope was
free y expressed that yesterday's experience
might result in establishing closer social and
business relations between the two cities than
bas heretofore existed.
I'rora the Stone Age.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 14.— The Im
proved Order of Red Men, Pawnee Tribe
No. 67, has had presented to it by one of
its members — George E. Foster — a valua
ble collection of Indian curios. They con
sist of a model skin canoe four feet long, a
handsome wampum-belt of sea conch shells
and periwinkles, an engraved calumet and
a variety of stone weapons. These have
been arranged in a handsome curly red
wood case, which is affixed to the walls of
its lod eroom.
The tribe gives the first of its quarterly
musicales at its wigwam next Thursday
evening, to which squaws will be ad
mitted.
Board of Equalization.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 14.— At the
morning session of the Board of Equaliza
tion the valuation on W. M. Bowers' and
Annie Sandman's property was increased
respectively from $575 to $600, and Charles
Dore's from $1000 to $1100. The San Fran
cisco Savings Union had reductions made
from $1200 to $1000 on property on the Tay
lor and Page tract and on prooertv on
Versailles avenue from $3000 to $2700." Its
request fer a reduction from $2400 to $1800
in the Taylor and Page tract was denied.
The personal property assessed to Albert
Auction Sales
AIOTIOS SUE! '
By order of Court,' will sell Saturday, Aug. 15, 11
a. X., the - stock of Hardware of the late R. K.
Green. ' Invoice can be seen at my office or at
store, 1328 Valencia st., where stock will be sold
as a whole. L. H. BUKD. 211 Larkin st.
Miller was stricken from the rolls, as he is
a non-resident.
The Fire's Minor Casualties.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 14.— When all
(he flurry caused by the fire was over last
night it was found that William Speicer of
the Cordes Hose Company had received
an ugly wound on the fore&ead. He was
making a hose connection when the Pa
cific Hose wagon came around the corner
and knocked niru over.
Foreman Jessie Ives of Cordes Hose was
on a thirty-foot ladder when the ladder
was knock from under him and he came
tumbling down head first. His aluminum
helmet saved him from a brosen head.
A Vicious Hog.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Aug. 14.— City Trus
tee Foraerer has a big black retriever who
possesses a strong antipathy toward Un
cle Sam's letter-carriers. He has shown
his ugly disposition on more than one oc
casion, but last night he managed to fasten
his fangs in Letter-carrier John H. Floyd's
legs and arms, inflicting several nasty
wounds.
AMARYLLIS CULTURE.
The Magnificent Flower Discussed by
the Floral Society.
The August meeting of the California
State Floral Society was held in the Maple
Room of the Palace Hotel yesterday after
noon.
The amaryllis was the subject of discus
sion. It is Impossible to name a more
magnificent; genus of bulbous plants than
these. With a moderate collection a suc
cession of lovely flowers may be had all
the year round. Under the simplest con
ditions of culture they throw tip spikes
from one to four feet high, with clusters of
large trumpet-shaped blooms varying from
four to ten inches in length. The meeting
was well attended.
— • — —
Gigantic Peaches
The State Board of Trade received yesterday
some enormous peaches from the ranch of Cap
tain Hansen, in Sacramento County. The
peaches measure fourteen inches in circumfer
ence and each weighs close to a pound. They
are not isolated cases in the matter of weight,
according to the statement of Captain Hansen,
but the average size of the peaches of his crop,
picked from forty acres of young trees.
; . » — — •
Sixty-four governments issue patent.
Aatfk^a f>2r» KEARXT ST. Established
KTT B»' n I*'* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B2SKEABKTNT. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Disease s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BB_Es&S*j?a dispasf wearing: on bodyand mind and
fcWl^JwifiJ Skin Diseases. Thedoctorctireswhen
_Jfl'M?§Keaotheisfall. Try him. Charges low.
CWiwßh Cnrexcaarnntrrd. Call or write.
Sir. J. K. uIBBON. Box 1987. San Francioca
OCEAN TRAVEL. _
ASTORIA ANIPOBTLMtt
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 15,25
biate of California sails
.....................Ang. 21, 81, Sept. 10, 20, 30
from Spear-st. Wharf (Pier VI4) at 10 a. K.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO.. Genl. Snpts, .
F. F. CONJNOB, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL F ROM Vtoflß.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as-* — l___t
follows: ■ ■ •. ....
.For Mary Island, Lorlnu, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
lisuoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 A. m., Sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wr atcom (Bellin?ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Aajr. 2, 7, 12, 17. 'ii, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTaconia with N. P. R. R., at KeattJe with U.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcaa and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdtßay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Aug. 1, 5. 9, 18,
17. 21, 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Port Harford (San Luis Übispo), Oaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, ssan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a.m. Au-
gust 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter. HßiMHlfciAMpqMß
For Man Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo« An-
peles, Redo ndo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. August 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jo?e del Cabo, MazaUan, L*
Paz and Gnaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. x. August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after, s ■. .
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
Oceanic S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, «W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, EfH by
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. 8. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY. Thursday, Angus: 20,
at a p. m. . -.-'-..
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, August 29. 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Anst., and CAPETOWN;
South Africa. —
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
. • 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 527 Market St., San Francisco.
.
I CO3IPAGSIE GENERAL TRASSATLASTIQUB
French Line to Havr<>.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH ML
River, foot of Mortem st. Travelers by ■sS/SK
this line avoid both transit by English railway aai
the discomfort of • crossing the channel I in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, vi» Pan*
first-class $160; second-class, $111-
LAGASCOUNE Aug. 22, 9 A. v.
LA BKRTAONK.;...-.... August *9, 3 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE. Sept. 6, 9a, «C
LA NORMANDIK..- Sept. 12, 6-.it
_ATOURAINE Sept. 19,7 a. it.
AST For fuither particulars apply to
A. FOKGET. Agent,
: 0..'-:' No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
iJ. F. FUQAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
FLHT A CCS
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Port*.
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper 5hip......... ...... WE H. MACY
A mesbury, Master.
, •' FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The Al Clipper 5hip. ...... .....'.. A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply, to FLINT A CO., 68 Broad
street. New York.
: Consignees In Han Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
A CO., 22 California street. ..
ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET COJIPAIH.
STEAMERS LEAVK ASPINWALL >*_*-
fortnightly for the West Indies and "f3HB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. .
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, '■ $97 60. For further particulars apply to
. ;., i'ARROTT & CO., Agents.
SOB California
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6P. M., Daily, Jbreight received up
to .i:3l> P. A.
MS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
*" STUAiIERv.
T. C. Walker, - •: J. D. Peters,
Mary Gamut, City of Stockton.
. Telephone Main 803... Cat. Nay. and Inapt. Co
RS. MAVYYARD, MARE ISLISD, YALLEJO,
*Benicia, *P«rt Costa. *('r«ckett and *Valona.
STB. MONTICELLO, •
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays **10:30
_, it), 3:30 p. m. Sundays Bp. ic. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
281.'' - HATCH BROS.
* i and 8 p. x. trips only. . .:
«* Excursion trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS & SARI CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
'Oatlo a. M. (Sundays excepted) ; Alvlso dally at
7P. m. , (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Tare between San Francisco and Alvis*
60c: to San Jose, 75c. cUy st., Her 1. 20 W,
taaifcCiaraiW ta*» Joss..
1314
HILBORN-FRICK
FACTIONS MEET,
The Battle in the Third Dis
trict to Be Decided
To-Day.
BOTH ARE CONFIDENT.
Each Claims the Victory if Clean
Primaries Be Con
ducted.
WORK OF THE RAILROAD.
It Is Less Apparent in This Fight
Than in Any Contest for
Years Past
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 14. (
Alameda County in general and Oak
land in particular is entirely given up to
night to politics. To-morrow night the
great battle between the Hilborn and
Frick factions for the Republican Con
gressional nomination from t>e Third
District will have been -iecided.
That neither man will have a walk
over is certain. More combinations have
been made than in any other political
fight for five years. People who, a few
months ago, were bitter political enemies,
are now in the same rank, and this ap
plies to both camps.
The Frick fight is certainly the most in
evidence, but the trained observer of poli
tics in this county knows that this is not
always a sign of strength. More success
ful campaigns have been made in whis
pers in this county than the average voter
is aware of. On the other hand, Hil
born's campaign is being made beneath
the surface, and has, in fact, been so quiet
that it is difficult to estimate its strength.
It would indeed be hazardous to guess
who will carry the county.
A good deal of personality has been in
jected into the campaign, and even on the
plattorm the rival candidates have ex
pressed their personal opinions of each
other's tactics. Hilborn of course is the
candidate of the "Friend" Congressional
Committee, while Frick has the almost
unanimous support of the County Com
mittee.
Although Frick is supported by all the
men who have long been classed as "rail
road" politicians, he has declared over his
signature that he is opposed to the fund
ing bill, while Hilborn takes the. same
stand. The fight is supposed to be most
bitter in Alameda, Eden Township and
the Seventh Ward. These districts rep
resents 16 votes out of 47 in the entire
County. It is generally believed that the
other districts will be about evenly di
vided. Tnere are 74 votes in the conven
tion, and as AUmeda County has more
than enough to nominate the fight is
necessarily centered here.
There is every reason to believe that a
clean primary will be held. A new great
register will be used, the election officers
are divided, and there will be plenty of
watchers on either side to guard against
repeating.
"I am certain of winning this fight,"
said Judge Frick this afternoon, "if
Adolph Sut.ro does not send a sack over
here to help Hilborn to-morrow. With
clean work I can win."
"All I ask is a clean primary," said Mr.
Hi'born, "and I am satisfied that I shall
have a large majority of the delegates."
The present contest is certainly less of a
"railroad fiizht" than any that has been
waged for years. It is nothing in Mr. Frick's
favor that so many machine politicians
aje working for him, but they have got to
work for somebody on general principles,
and as Mr. Hilborn has .not sought their
support there was no alternative.
There is no doubt but that Hilborn will
carry a majority of the delegates in the
remaining counties in the Third District,
so that Saturday's primary in Alarueda
will really decide the fate of the candi
dates.
SUFFRAGISTS IN COUNCIL
Conference of the Central Com
mittee With the Alameda
Clubs.
Masterly Address of the State Or*
ganger, Miss Mary E. Hay,
to the Delegates.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn received
yesterday's visitors at the Woman Suffrage
Bureau, and with so genial a hostess the
rooms were crowded all day long. Lady
callers were given a charmingly cordial
welcome, but whenever- man appeared in
view Mrs. Blinn would say:
"Excuse me, ladies, but there's a voter.
Women may be nice company, but our
business here is with beines that can
vote."
More than one man who had been "on
the fence" was gently but firmly pulled
over into the woman suffrage paddock,
and securely staked out there with a
bushel or so of suffrage literature to feed
upon. As for the anti-suffragists, neither
hide nor bair of one ol them, male or
female, was to he seen about the premises.
In the forenoon a meeting of the State
central committee was hold, at which the
presidents and other officers of the Ala
meda County woman suffrage clubs were
present by special invitation. Miss Mary
E. Hay, State organizer and secretary of
the committee, called the meetinjr* to
order. Her address of welcome was ad
mirable by reason of its eloquence, as well
as its solid phalanx of stubborn facts and
unanswerable arguments.
"We are told," she said, "that woman's
place it> the home. How true that saying
is only a woman can know. Home is
woman's sphere, her element, her sanctu
ary, and no woman worthy of the name
can b- happy out of it. For this very rea
son woman ought to have a voice in the
governmeut and protection of the home.
If its surroundings are rendered disrep
utable by the maintenance of disorderly
places in its vicinity she should be able to
raise her voice and cast her vote for the
suppression of such nuisances. If it be
comes a hotbed of disease and discomfort
by reason of bad sewerage and iil-lcept
streets it ought to be her right as queen
of tne home to use at least an ordinary
citizen's power for tne restoration of
proper conditions.
"The woman who votes will not neglect
her home. We know there are careless,
slovenly housekeepers; there are women
who cad about and women whose homes
are far from being happy places for those
who should find in them their highest
earthly joy. These women will be the
same whether they vote or not. After all,
when women get the ballot they will not
be'voting day and night the whole year
round, and the woman who loves and
cherishes her home now will surely do so
then."
Other arguments were brought forward,
the younper ladies taking notes as they
listened, evidently intending to make use
of them when attacked by the enemy. A
burst of hearty applause rewarded Miss
Hay for her masterly address, and then
the meeting resolved itself into a confer
ence, having for its object the ascertain
ment and adoption of the most efficient
methods ol precinct work. Mrs. C L.
Wood, president of the Alameda Political
Equality Club, gave some practical hints
and suggestions, which were received with
every mark of appreciation. House-to
house conversations, distribution of liter
ature and the combating of local and in
dividual prejudices were all touched upon
and a few sensible rules enunciated for
the guidance of young and inexperienced
campaigners.
Voting on the lemonade set continues
lively and a big sack of dimes for the good
cause is gladdening the hearts of those
wise ladies of the bureau who realize that
no movement, however good, can be car
ried on without the sinews of war.
"And only to think," exclaimed one
bright young lady yesterday, "all the
good that the press has done to our cause
was inaugurated and set a-going by the
dear old Call I None of us can ever for
get that it was the first daily to make an
open, straightforward stand for justice to
women. Truly it 'speaks for all.' "
YOUNG MAID PERSECUTED
Miss Jennie Ryan Receives In
sulting Letters From a
Young Man.
The Case Is Now Being Thoroughly
Investigated by the United States
Grand Jury.
The United States Grand Jury is consid
ering evidence of a most sensational char
acter relating to what appears to be ma
licious persecution of a young girl by a
former friend. The United States authori
ties refuse to discuss the case in any way
or even to admit that such a matter is
being considered by the Grand Jury, but
from other sources the following facts are
gleaned :
For some weeks past Miss Jennie Ryan,
the daughter of a well-to-do contractor
living on Folsom street, has been annoyed
by the attentions of a young man whose
name the interested parties think best to
withhold for the present. The fellow tried
in every way to attract the object of his
fancy, but she would have none of him.
Finally the young lady refused to speak
to him altogether, whereupon the young
man sought the assistance of the United
States mails. His letters were at first ten
der and kind, but finding they were not
answered he became abusive and then in
sulting. From that he drifted into mali
cious attacks on her character, which
finally became so bad that the matter was
submitted to the postal authorities. It
was determined to place the case before
the Grand Jury and yesterday it was con
sidered for the first time. Miss Ryan and
her father were in attendance, but the
matter was only partially gone into. It
will be resumed at the next session of the
Grand Jury, when it is thought an indict
ment will be returned.
Albert T. Cox, arrested some weeks ago
at the instigation of the pension authori
ties, was formally charged by the United
States Grand Jury yesterday with perjury.
Cox secured a pension in Santa Clara
County in 1893 under the name of George
Lawson. Some months ago he secured
another in Oakland, this time using his
right name. It is understood that he will
plead guilty when his case comes on for
trial.
« ♦ — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
A Andersen, Byron L Gllroy, Byron
S Lepley, Jackson W 8 Heywood, Chicago
C H Adams, Volcano Mrs W Scott, S L ObHpo
Mrs V Jones, 8 _ Obispo Geo Howard, S L Obispo
O M Cornell <fc \v, Minn C Clouser, Stockton
J Cameron <fe w. Portlnd C Cameron. Portland
Miss J3arnev, Portland Mrs McGeary, Portland
J Cam Ton, Portland M H £mitb, Portland
F Lafond _ w. NY A Ramey, X V
H G Albert. NY H S Johnson & w, N V
S H Barrett, NY - E Boyle, N V
E Thorp, N V J Stephenson. N V
H Thorp, NY G Tiiikham, N V
P Hurst-, NY G Hammond, X V
F Moore, N V G Mulvey, X V
F Mear, N V Miss Olsen, Los Angeles
B F Legget, Los Angeles J Robertson <_ w, facto
A Marx, Napa W Johnson, N V
\V J Metts, N V G Walsh, N V
J S Eberle, NY J Harper, N V
X tldrldge, NY J F .-ouzh, Santa Rosa
J Ma.i;.-rson, I'etaluma M Reissiuger_ w, Denver
J Andonegui, Mexico F Kstes, N V
A Hanimel, N V T Henneberry, Sta Clara
J A Hutchins _ w, Nev J McCann _ w, Viselia
C Cazean, vVatscmville X 8 Ward, San Jose
S > Kay, Kansas City H. Thornton, Los Banos
T Lawson, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
J L Gillls, Sacto M Pomeroy, Santa Clara
D Burchard. San Jose H Shackelford, San Jose
F Schmechel, Salinas Mrs F Millara. Chicago
Dr H Bulson, Stockton O G Sage, Sacto
J H Msggard. bacto N B Manning, Sacto
Mrs M Hoitzhauser, Mo T Holtzhaaser, Mo
W Blps inzam. Fresno A Yonng, Tulare
A Foriiouis. San Jose L Lassell, Martinez
J H Maener, Sacto N Manningway, Sacto
G T Rives, Sonoru D J Pamler, Vacaville
J Houx, I*os Angeles W Baker, Los Angeles
Ii W Holland, Tulare D B Reiser &w, Tex
W P. Hall. Cal J Fianigan, Mendocino
J C Rud<lock. Ukiah. O .Huckeridge. Ktd Bluff
Mrs . I Brenner, Sacto MlssMcGannev. SmarLVll
JGeben.New Irvlngton J Cileava", Redding
J launders, Sebastopol J Buchanan* w,'i oinales
Mrs! ShoautAc.Benicia Mrs L Willis. Selma
Mrs G Becker, ttelma Mrs R Brown, S V
Mrs Atterback, N V D X Sellers, h nr-ka
F Tegirari.stanfordUniv J C Hall, Redlnuds
H Miicondray. MenloPk 8 Bouthworth,San Itafael
R Mitchell, (Santa Rosa T J Hall LeaUville
H C Sivain. Red Bluff P Buell, Mockton
J Jackson, Fresno Mrs J Jackson, Fresno
J H Lounge, Sacto
LICK HOUSE.
C L Donahue _ wf, Cal H W Combs, Modesto
Mrs A Mllliken. Reno J B Atkinson <fc wf, Cal
B Scnick, Los A ngeles I W Gnrdner <fc wf , L Ang
C W Kohrbroußh, Cal tf M Thomson, Covelo
T J Gei-.ry, .Saiua Uosa A C Fleming, Lincoln
V W McFarianc, Uldsb A Markham, Santa Rosa
H Oilmorc, Palm springs \V B Whlttaker, Stocktn
Wm snow. .Stockton Miss A H Karr, Mnrj-svll
Miss Bradley. MarvsvilleG _ Simmons, Victoria
A P Todd _ wf, N V Mis? T II Black, Moutrey
D A Campbell, Ukiah A P Mahoney _ w, Ciiico
J L DareUnd, Sonora J T Stokes, Grass Valley
H C ).in!ie, Boston J X Farnsworth, Napa
G E Clark <fe wf, Sacto J J Murd.v. Merced
G W Goodman <fe wf, Cal C W Thorae. Montana
G DStarin, Grass Valley J P Cram, Los Angeles
J J Smart <fc w.KnnßCityC W Deyer & wf, Denver
Mi-< Bl' Smart, Kans city Miss Deyer, Denver
Miss J Smart, Kans City T H Young <fc wf, Cal
H H Karle, saoto E D Simon <_wf, Redding
Geo Simon, Redding Mis« Simon, Redding
UPALACE HOTKL.S
J Chaglim, Russu 0 T Inland, 8t Louis
W J McKay, Chicago C _ Ballast <fe w, Omaha
J P Neville. Portland E Howell. Carson City
T B A Price, Boston J Lelghton. N V
C P Turn' r. X V J G Chamberltn. Los Ang
Mrs G A Smith, Phlla F A Rudge &w, Los Aug
(; r st.-wa t. NY •• Wilson, Chicago
W Ii C: 1 Offlu, V s _ E P Dui.ii, S'h Barbara
A H Naftzger Los Ang W k Call, Petaluma
J Benedict. Alameda A J Bordee, New Haven
H E Fiy, Alameda
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J D Dowdell, St Helena D Doyle, N V
J D Murry, N V DrFJ Bethel, Bakrsfleld
Dr A M Gall & wf, Cal D R Murphy. San Jose
C X Moore, Chicago G W Penter, Portland
It J R Aden, Vail' jo R Buiij-tmin, Vallejo
i; A Powers, Vacaville JJ{ Murphy, San Jose
H B sm it li, st Luuis B On nl ap. Fresno
C Porter. Sflma Miss Watis. Butte
F Muller, Butte C X Jones. Carson
T Dillon. Carson Mrs C B Jennings, S Jose
C B Scolt, San Jose H Burns, Santa Cra*
NF.W WESTERN HOTEL.
R Williams, Fresno H Cartwright, Los Ang
X Potter. Lou An«eles J Wise, RedJlT>g
SJ Young, Portland H Hawkln-, Porterville
X Howard. Mass J R Sidney. Mass
C Watkins, Mass T Whatkina, Mass
M J Ward, Mass W Barber, Seattle
L E Barlow, Seattle G E Scot 1 , i'acoma
J It Crawford, Tory B L Reed. Rochester
L A Undo, Jamaica W L Bryant, Jamaica
11 Opperman, Chicago W L Caidwell, Minn
J Lohmeyer _ w Pittsbg
• — * — •-
Mount Hecla, 5000 ieet, ia the highest
point in Iceland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
AN OLD SUIT REVIVED,
Samuel Davis Lays Claim to a
Block of Land in Old
Mission Bay.
Numerous Defendants Holding Under
Tax Titles and Sales Made
by the State.
Yesterday Samuel Davis, through his
attorneys. Freeman ife Bates, filed papers
in a suit for the possession of a piece of
land mentioned as South Beach blocfc
No. 26, situated in the old Mission Bay
Tract, bounded by Hubbell, Simons and
George streets.
This is part of the property a lease for
which for ninety-nine years was granted
by the State to the City March 26, 1851.
The title of the City, it is claimed, was di
vested by an execution sale under a judg
ment in favor of Peter Smith.
The title arising out of this sale vested
in D. B. Rising, who conveyed to James
H. Hodgdon, receiving from the latter a
power of attorney, authorizing the con
veyance of real estate. Rising, acting
under that power, conveyed this property
to trustees to secure the payment of his
debts; aud these trustees, in turn, con
veyed to his creditors, and this created
one chain of title.
Hodgdon died in 1862, never having
made any conveyance, personally, leaving
surviving him his wife and their only son.
Subsequent litigation, especially the case
of Friend Roe, decided in the Supreme
Court some eight or ten years apo, deter
mined that the conveyance made by
Rising for the benefit of his creditors, act
ing under the power of attorney from
Hodgdon, was invalid.
The Pacific Improvement Company, in
the meantime, had acquired the title of
Hodgdon's son, and trom this source
claims the undivided one-half of the prop
erty, and the plaintiff. Davis, claims that
he succeeded to the interest of Hodgdon'a
widow, in the other half.
The other numerous defendants are
claimants, some of them under the Rising
title, others under tax titles, and still
others under sales made by the State of
the residuary interest, subject to the
ninety-nine years leasehold granted by
the statute of 1851.
Davis now has a similar suit pending
in the Supreme Court, in which case he
was beaten at the lower tribunal. His
present suit is not attracting much atten
tion among those named as defendants
and it is generally thought that it will
end adversely to him.
— • — ♦ — •
Another of That Name.
The Miss Lillian St. Clair —ho was injured in
the park yesterday was not the young lady of
that Dame who formerly resided on. Market
street and now lives on McAllister street.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
■lght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICBS-580 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
until 9 o'clock.
2616 Mission street, open natll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
, CHURCH NOTICES.
nE_S^FiBST " pIiE^ByTTKRIAN CHITRCh",
i£«~ cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Rev. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:45 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. ---.. Young People's
society of Christian Endeavor, at. .6:30 p. m.
Prayer-meeting: Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
Ail are welcome to these seevices. ;
R^EP FIRST .UNITED .iPRESBYTRRIAN
W& ■ Church, Golden Gate aye. and Polk su— ■
Rev. M. M. Gibson, D. D.; pastor. Services 11 a. m.
and 7:46 p. m. -. Senior Young People's service at
6:45 p. m. The intermedive work begins at 5:30
p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Subject for the evening, "A : Lion in the Way."
Cordial invitation to all. . Seats free. .
BP55= - HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
&*&■ corner of Oak and Baiter sts. (entrance Ito
panhandle of Golden Gate Park)— Rev. F. 11. Far-
rand pastor Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.m.
Sabbath-school a: 9:30 a. m. Y. P. ci. C. E at 6:30
p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 P. m.
Miss Pearl jsoble leadrr of S. S. orchestra. Choir:
Mme. de Seminario, Mrs- Maud Chappelle Henley,
J. H. Toler. C. H. Hoeg. William K. Hook e or-
ganist and musical director. Strangers cordially
welcomed. s , .- :
|t^sp HOWARD-ST. to. E. CHURCH, BE-
tS^C tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor; Martin Schultz, musical director;. W. F.
Gibson. Sunday-school superintendent. Hours of
puDlic services: 11 a.m. and 7:45 p.m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Praver-meetlng Wednesday even-
ing. Epworth League 6:4s Sunday evening. Morn-
ing sermon by Rev. G. Jones of Oakland. Even-
ing sermon by W. S. Matthew, D.D. 'Church tele-
phone, blacK 961. . -..-.. ,>
KS" SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
■B"-* 5^ Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence , 309 ' llaight street. : Preaching i«.t 11 a. _.
and 7:45 p. m. At 1) a. m. • Rev. , W. R. Goodwin,
D. D., will preach. -At 7:45 p. it. preaching by pas-
tor; subject. "A Renegade Prophet. " Sunday-school
at 12:30 p.m., C. B. Perkins superintendent: Ep-
worth League service, at 6:SO p. m. The public
cordially Invited to all the services of this church.
treats free. Ushers in attendance. • Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:46 o'clock. -4^ • ■ .
IKS' CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
B^— ' Church, Mission St., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth— ; pastor. f Dr. E. R. DIHe, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject, "The
Great Renunciation." Evening subject, "A Great ■
Cloud of Witnesses." Sunday-school (R. V. Watt, :
superintendent) at 1 p. m. Young People's Society
of Christian Endeavor (two meetings), 6:30 p. ft.
Midweek prayer-meeting Wednesday evening. J All
welcome. -.:■■. •-^.'■: -•'."'■■■':■ -'-"■' <■ . •.- ■■.■:.■. ■ .:■■. --.
~~ NOTICE O_\ MEETINGS.
SOcTAijST LABOR PARTY WILL
"^Vbold weekly public meetings SATURDAYS
8 P. m., Seventh and Market: SUNDAYS. 2 p. m.,
rxamlner corner; MONDAYS,; 8 p. M., Pine and
Kearny ; till further notice; • :: - ■■ .
SETS' EXCELSIOR DEGREE < x&a2!lir/&J~
OH 7. Lodge No. 2, 1. O. O. F.-Regu-^lW^i
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Second^~§SSK2~
degree will be conferred. " -^ll^*-
■ A.K. KINGSFORD; I). M.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. . ],_■.- .;.
j^^nSlvlSEljD^^TTcE^n)lvlD^ND~Na
"~-* * 34 (twenty-five ■ cents per > share) of the
HUTCHINBON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY 1 will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.; on and after THURSDAY,
August 20, 1896. -f Transfer book f will close Fri-
day, August 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m. «
.->. .- - .;-■■ E. H. SHELDON, secretary. ■
special notices. . :. ; V-
i^S^bad^^tenantS" k jectedl : o~r~s47
•p*^ collections made, city or country." -Pacifle
Collection Co.. 415 Idontgy St., room 6. - Tel. ; 6580.
Bt_S=* DR. BAYER KEMOVKH HIS OFFICE
***-& to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE. r
CR. HANSEN _ CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
. furnish the best family and •■ hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mall us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. •„
OMPETKNT WOMAN WITH ' A GIRL > 6
\J years desires skua. lon as cook; best reference;
country, t; MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
RS. FENTON, REMOVED TO : 420 SUTTEK
St., bet. Stockton and Powell; ladies requiring
first-class help of all nationalities for all capacities
call or send order. ', . . , ...
IniRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAPER
' and designer, thorough dressmaker, by the day.
MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove si. : __.
RENCH WOMAN WANTS TO GO OUT BY
X 1 the day, housecleanine or washing: good refer-
ence, Call ; or address ' 343 • San Carlos aye.. bet.
Twentieth, Twenty- first; Mission and Valencia. ;v_
AN TED-BY EXPERIENCED WAITRESS,
situatiou to wait at table at dinner-time. Call
or address 917 Market St., room 8. ' '
OUNG FRENCH WIDOW WISHES SITUA-
-1 tion as cook: * French' or ' German * preferred.
110 Sixth su; room 10. / -,:■: v.-. W ■'■-,■?
tTespectablk girl wishes tc> do
XV housework; wages $20; Alameda preferred.
23 Twelfth St., near Market. : ]\ /;./;.. . . ,:.::; '
TJ AD Y-. PIANO f PLAYER WISHES A. POSI-
- —i tlon. ; Address 444% Third st. ■ , ■ ■
VOUNii i. SPANISH LADY WOULD LIKE
X situation as housekeeper. ' 1020 Market, rm." 5.
- IV' ANTKD BY REFINED EASTERN AMER-
-11 lean widow; position as housekeeper for hotel,
lodgin.-nouse ;or small > family. Call :or ■ address
Housekeeper, 405 Leaven worth St., near Ellis. ;
COMPETENT YOUNG •;: WOMAN ..'WANTS
v.' situation to do sewing or any kind of mending,
or to lake charge ;of•; a lodging-house. Call or ad-
dress 821 Mission st., room 3.:.-'- ::•-'* .;•„■: ;;::•'««?
RKLIABLK YdUNITwOMEN' WISH BlTU-
ations together to do cooking and second work
and upstairs ■ work ' and \ seamstress, r Call •or ad-
dress 616 Third at. " - ■ •'" -
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
VOUSG WOMAN WITH A CHILD ; AGED 3
vX wants situation :10■ do : housework . and assist
generally; cood seamstress; wages no objecu Call
1319% Larkin st.--'- ■■-•.-". v. ■'-;■ ■: "
IJ V RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN SEC-
XJ ond work; understands « halrdressing and
dressmaking. - C. j., box 111, Call Office. " ■: '.
V'OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X typewriter. -Room 9, 122 Post St., second floor.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS': POSITION FOR
VX general housework; only Germans need to
call; wages $12 to $15. 628 Fulton, nr. Buchanan.
ry.ovNQ '/■ WOMAN ••■■■ WISHES PLACE AS
X housekeeper: city or conn Address House-
keeper. 1148 Sutterst., third floor, room 35. ■-. • ",
VOUM) ..woman -wishes A position AS
X , housekeeper. Call at 11 Taylor street, room 6.
■\rEAT~SWEDfSH GIRL "DESIRES : situa-
Xi tion in general housework: first-class cooK;
will also do housework- good wages. Address S.
G , box 104, Call. ..■.,* .-::-.' . '.. - *"■ -.-:
r OUNG SWISS GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X in a private family to do cooking and general
housework In private family. ' Call or address 711
MISSiOn St,';;.v ' ; ■■ ... . , ■■_.; ■..-?._■-.■-;■. "^ ';' L "
V oUNG CREOLE "WIDOW WITH A
-I child, wishes a position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call or address 917 Market St., room
19, second floor. -;•; -.-.■.- " . ".' ■--?-
SPANISH, WIDOW,, LATE FROM CITY OF
O Mexico, would like situation as housekeeper.
Apply 105 Larkin st., room 2. .
\\r INCHED 1 KR HOUSE. 44 .THIRD ST.. NR.
II Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to $6 per week • convenient and respectable;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry." ! : '-■"■
TF IN NEED OF DRESSMAKER, CUTTER OR
X seamstress apply at MCDOWELL Dressmaking
School. 636 MarKet at., opp. Palace Hotel. '--^j;
situations WANTED-MALE,,
C' >^ntt_3fS_^fc^oTilo~GKXßY^TC^Uß-'
. nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics,' cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and ■ laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your order*; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sutter st. ; tel. Grant SO.
GIHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY-CO., 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414y O'Farrell: teL K. 426.
OMPETENT MAN OF TWELVE YEARS'
VJ .business experience wlshei a position as ac-
countant; or any position of trust, or will accepts
traveling position; best of references. Address J.
T. W., box 1-28, this office. ? ■ • ■ 1 ' *
DESPECTABLE, HONEST, MIDDLE-AGED
•It German wishes to travel with a gentleman or
private family as a faithful servant; see more of
good treatment than of much wages. Please ad-
dress FRKD FISHER, 611 Pine at.
ITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDE AS
janitor or porter or work in private family ; can
take care ■ of horses end drive: has references.
Please address a. J.; 780 Illinois St., Potreru, S. F.
O TEADY SOBER YOUNG MAN WOULD
O like position to drive a delivery wagon; has
experience in milk business. Call or address 1225
York st. :
"yOUNG MAN, SWEDE. DESIRES BITTJA-
X tion In private family; use to horses and wait
st table. Address G A., box 81, this office.
pOOK— SOBER YOUNG MAN WITH KXPERI-
\7 ence wants situation. Address Cook, box 87,
Call.'- -. . - .- - j..' ... ... .-.-.■
"YOUNG ENGLISHMAN WANTS WORK OF
X any kind; handy around horses. .: Address H.
A., box 119, Call Office. ' ".
STEADY, THOROUGHLY TRUSTWORTHY
young man, age 26, desires honest work in any
capacity: mercantile experience; references;
bonds; moderate wages. Earnest, box 19, Call.
ANDY MAN, AGE 40, WANTS ANY KIND
•of : work; useful about house or store; good
reference._. Address Handy, box 31, CalL ■".,--=
tTeliable farmhand and teamster
XX wanted: steady work. Address F.H., box
100, Call office.
TTINEYARDIST AND WINEMAKER OF 8
1 V years' experience and with excellent references
wants a situation ;to take charge of a vineyard.
Address E. N., 338' Bush su
-i HONEST, ENERGETIC sIX-FOOTER
(age S3, weight 215) gentleman wishes posi-
tion as watchman for a person, bank, factories,
etc: small salary; best of references: able to fur-
nish security. ' S. M., box 64. this office. . : .;■;
/CARPENTER AND ALL ROUND MECHANIC
\J handy with all kinds of tools wishes employ-
ment by the day or month ; ci yor country. Ad-
dress carpenter, box 163. Call Office. <V '■—■
ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) to wash dishes, ■ assist in cooking, wait
at : table or other work: city or country. " Please
address H. MILLER. 56 Second St., room 4.
1.. UT_KK AND VALET— YOUNG IRISHMAN,
I ' just arrived from the East, can furnish first-
class references, age 20 years, height 5 feet 7
inches, wages moderate, to obtain a situation. Ad-
dress Butler, 1310 Harrison st.
"V-OUNG MAN JUST FROM THE EAST WILL
X give violin or piano lessons in exchange. for
room -in ,: private family. Address Y. M., box 81,"
Call Office. -• ":~ ---,-.-•: ■■--■■ -;:■.- -
IRST-CLASS COACHMAN, SWEDE.WANTS
X I situation ; has excellent references. . Address S.
C, box 116, Call Office. .;.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
"1 Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per. night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
• 11 Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; -Tie to $1 50 : per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free hns and batrenirt- to «nil from the forrv.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
"1 A GERM AN GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
XV work, $20 to $25; 8 Swedish and Danish girls,
housework, $'J0 to $25; 10 girls to assist. $10 to
$15: German woman to cook for 4 men, country;
ironer for laundry, $25, board; German Catholic
seamstress. $25 to $30. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason.
OOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $35: WOMAN TO
cook in country hotel, $16 and fare paid: head
waitress, country hotel, $"5: waitress, hotel, south,
$20, = see party here: 2 waitresses (German) for
country hotels, $20; head waitress, city hotel. $25;
hotel waitress, city, $20: ' lunch waitress, city res-
taurant. C. K. HANSON & CO.. 110 >^eary st.
9 FIR>.T-CLASS GERMAN . COOK*. CITY
— families, $25; woman ' to work in kitchen;
boarding-bouse, city, $1:0; girls for housework,
city, $15 and $20. C R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary sU .. V-sS3Ssfflß?a—Sß_R" . .- . '
r\ ERMAN -, OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
\JT girl. $25: 10 housework girls, city or country,
$20 « and $25: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 gutter si. --■.■■'-
LALNDRESS AND CHAMBERMAID,- $25;
Xj French or German seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter ; :
r\ ERMAN COOK, $30, NO WASH. MISS
VX CULLEN, 323 butter st. .
■•"\T EAT, REFINED PROTESTANT ■• GIRL,
1> light housework, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
SuttersU ,'■■■. ■ . .■.'.- - -.-.--.■•■
RENCH WAITRESS, $25. MISS CUOLEN,
' 323 butter st. ..; :, : -
trTsh GIRL as WAITRESS, COUNTRY ho-
X tel, $20. MISS CULLEN; 323 Sutter st. ■
/•A WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT ANDPRE-
\i\J pare fruit : for canning company, $6 to *9 a
week, see party here; lady ironer, $9 a week.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market SU > ,
WANTED - PROTESTANT COOK AND
laundress, a short disiance. $25; 3 German;
Scandinavian and Irish second- girls, $20; pantry
girl, $2i>; 4 ironers In laundry ; 4 cooks in German
and American families, $26 and $30; chamber-
maid, assist waiting; and - girls for - cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROsETT
& CO., 312 Sutter st. '-■:, '-"■''■ '■ ■ ',■.;-'?:*■
AITKESB, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
i tel, $20, fare paid; middle- aged woman, plain
cooking, city, $16 : 6 waitresses, country ■ hotels,
$-0; woman with child, $10. ' MURRAY <fc
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. . * : ■ - .:,,
OUSEWORK GIRL, BONOBA, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 323 SutteraU - >
COOK, $25; NURSK, > SAME HOUSE, : $18.
MISS CULLEN. 323 SuttersU ' ;.
WAITRESS, PLAIN HOTEL, COUNTRY, $20.
MISS CULLi-.N, 323 Sntter St.
SECOND GIRL, $23; SLEEP. HOME. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter. sU.. ;■ . V
9 GIRLS, CHAMBER WORK AND WAITING,
— Sausallto; $15 each. MISS CULLKN, , 323
Suttersl. ' ' .?• --.: ; : --. -•■■:■-"•>-■ ■ . ;■ ■■,"-■,""•
7VTEAT,- REFINED . SECOND GIRL. \ $23;
XI i sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ,
■nr OMAN TO HELP IN KITCHEN OF.RES-
ii , taurant. , 916 Howard. .■'"■.. " \ ,
\\t ANTED— REFINED^ YOUNG GIRL FOll
" drygoods store and sewing. ■-; 2326 Fill— ore."/:
IV ANTED— EXPERIENCE.' .SALESLADY
11 oncoraets; references. 13a8 Market su
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
tt on fruiu . Apply immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., ' Bran nan su, between Third
and Fourth. . . : -
OUNG GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN
light ; housework r and take care ', of , children:
Alameda: good home. App. 103 Geary, rm. 1, city.
\\r ANTED -At WAITRESS. APPLY 1849
11 i Jackson St.; bet. 1 and 6p. L _. ; references. :•"'.;-
EXPERIENCED ; CANVASSERS '■ FOR ?S. F.
and adjoiniLg cities. 737 Market at., room 11.
\V' a NTED-GIRL TO WAIT ON; .TABLE,
ii 11:45 to 12:45. 648 Fourth st. >
\\T ANTfcD-LADY PARTNER IN RESTAU-
-11 runt business. Address H. R., box 68, Cal..
GIRL FOR* GENERALS". HOUSEWORK IN
T sma I hotel. ; Central Hotel. 530 Third sU 1 . • *
yOUNG ■ WOMAN : FOR : GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: good home, 508 Fu ton st. „,: <_■ .
■youNG TTirl to tenFUhild: ASSIST:
X ages $8. Call; after Ip. , 1812 Geary st.'i,.
LEARN i CUTTING, FITTING ANU f FINISH-
XJ iner: " $1 a week : ■■ patterns cut to order, 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School; 636 Market su ..:
T A DIES TO SELL f FACE r AND . HAIR BPE-
XJ cialties; , hairdressing, beauty >< culture, 3 .- etc.',*
taught; free to agents. -Mils. BUTLER, 131 Post.
HELP WANTED— C . .
TIT ANTED— GOO D IRONER V. ON ' " STARCH
: . 11 .- work : $150 per day. J Address Watsonvllle
Steam Laundry. .: ■ , .".".'-"-■'■.',■ '-'^v.-'V
AN 18 FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MAR-
X ket st. y:"; ;;t\;'. ■::'■-. - -I ■' --" ";••'■ - - -' ■"•"■'"-'
WANTED— LADY TO TAKE CHARGE OF,
TT an office. L, A., box 74; Call. .: ' v -
/CUTTING, FINISH YOUR OWN DRESSES;
\J $1 a week. ; FLYNN, *14 McAllister St.. r. 67.
U AIKDRESSING. 250 ; AND 35c: MOP.N ING .
J-l and eve classes; 101ea«ons,$l 60., 1248 Mission.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st- 105 9th.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT
: Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market; :
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8
P»r we" ! :. 1 r<"» 'bus and >>nggap" 'o«n ! from ferr^'.
MALE i HELP ' WANTED.
A^T¥D^MlNERs"'fo' SINK' SHAFT BY
t» contract, see boss here this morning; French
or Swiss couple for private family, $45 to $50:
shop - butcher, $30 1 and found: ;, blacksmith and
woodworker, $40 and found; German or Scandi-
navian clerk for lodging-house, C 35 and -room;
cooks, waiters and ; others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramtfnto st. -
"PASTRY COOK AND BAKER. HOTEL. $40;
X I short-order and oyster cook, cafe, country, $40;
waiter for springs, $25: bellboy, country hotel,
$15; 2 dishwashers, ; country hotel, ?20: dish-
washers, pot washers! and vegetablemen, city and
country, $20 arid $26. C. R. HANSKN _ CO.,
110 Geary st. .'-.•■?' " , ' / ' • :
9 A MOKE RAILROAD LABORERS TO GO
Ju\J north; reduced tare and no onice fee; we
ship to-morrow. C. R. HANSEN : _ CO., 110
Geary st. -'. •■--;■>■..--■'-.../.-;, ■'• ■:■'-.■■.'■■•'■■ j-- ■.
"DRICKLAYERS FOR RAILROAD WORK. $4
XJ a day and fare free: S farmers, near city, $16;
chore boy, $15. .C. R. . HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary St. : :. . ;
r*r\ MEN- WANTED TO-DAY FROM $15 rO
\J\J $80 month and found; brick-setter. $2 day
and ■' found; brlck-molder, $2 .25 : a . day , and
found; stableman, $35: farmer who can do a
little blacksmithing, $26; boy for a factory, $3 a
week; felt and composition I roofer, $3 day; ; 3
waiters. $30; barber, country shop: shop butcher,
$30 and found; 3 cooks. $30, $40 and $50: 2 dish-
washers, $20; tie makers, 8c and 10c each. MUR-
RAY <& READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. ,
ANTED— BUTLER WITH GOOD RKKER-
ences, $40; waiter for hotel, $25; 2 dishwash-
ers, $15 ana $20; young man to work around re-
sort, $15. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. . .
OFFICE-BOY FOR THIS > OFFICE. K. T.
\J WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
COOK, $35 AND ROOM; WAITER, $20 AND |
room; I man '. who can paint, calcimine, etc.; 3
dishwashers; . man for fruit ranch; < men to pick ,
grapes ; 20 men to drive scraper teams: bootblacK ,
$10 a week. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
WANTED —Al GENTS' FURNISHING
salesman; must have a thorough Knowledge
of the business and " furnish good reference. ■ Ad-
dress Gold and Sliver, box 97. Call Often.
\\T ANTED — FIRST- CLASS CHILDREN'S
»» clothing salesman; young man preferred who
must be genteel in appearance. Address C. C,
box 160, Call Office. ' •
\\r ANTED FOR COUNTRY, SHIPPING
" 1 clerk who writes a good hand, can keep : com-
mon accounts and will make himself generally
useful. Address, stating age and salary expected,
C. X., box 66, Call Office. ,
OUNG MAN, GOOD TYPEWRITER,
X wanted for law office. Address, !n writing,
stating age and salary required, which must 'be
moderate. Law, box 67, this office.
OY. 17. LIVING WITH PARENTS,, WANT-
J3 ed to tend cigar-stand: German preferred; se-
curity requisite. Address T. C. 8.. box 117, Call.
WANTED — YOUNG MAN TO LEARN
trade; $5 and found to start. F. D., box 49,
Call Office. "-.. ;-■.■■■ j
|>RIuHT, ENERGETIC MAN; GOOD SAL- |
I) ary if capable. Call room 433, Emporium
building. ■ ■__ - -.•■ . ■■: - 1
WANTED— ERRAND-BOY AND TO MAKE
himself generally useful; wages $3 week. • Ad-
dress B. 8., box 138, Call Office.
OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY NIGHT;
Rood pay; chance for better next week. 408 Vi
Sixth st. . -. ; '.-■■-■■■ -■: -•■-.:■'■ ■' : , . .-.-. .
ANTED-A BARBER FOR SATURDAY
11 and Sunday. - 609 Broadway. : - . .
Tir ANTED — BARBER FOR SATURDAY.
IT 1055% Folsom st. ;-
ANTED— FIRST-CLA6S BARBERS AT 207
Fourth st. -." -..';-■. .■.-'.;
2" BAR_h RS WANTED FOR SATURDAY
and Sunday, pay 70 per cent. 713 Mission st. . j
ARBKR WANTED SATURDAY; $3. 625% j
Fourth st. ■ ' .-- - ■ • •• ■ ■ - - '" ;■■ ' ■.'-■--: v" --■-•-■-
-ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY:
steady if suit. 604 Seventh St., nr. Brannan. 1
"U ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
■D 105 Fourth st. ;
BARBER FOR SATURDAY A«D SUNDAY; |
wages. California and Devlsadero sts.
ARBER WANTED— CALL EARLY; WAGES
X) $3.' 602 Clay st. -
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
702 McAllister. ■ "-; L . • .':?. '.: " - - ■
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Apply 709 Davis st. ,: "; ~;v
OOD BARBER WANTED FOR SUNDAY.
1130 Seventh St., Adeline-st. station. Oakland.
OOD BUSHELMAN WANTED AT Ba"-
PH A KLS, 9 Kearny st.
TRONGBOY FOR~TAI_OR-SH OP. 641 MAR-
D ket s:. ; .-.-" •■; ■- . - . ' ■ .- -
EXPERIENCED MAN IN TRAVELING
bags. 115 Minnast., cor. New Montgomery. : -
ANTED— A^FIRST-CLASS PORTER. EM-
porium barber-shop, Emporium building.
TEADY, RELIABLE MAN AS PARTNER
in butcher-shop to attend cash accounts and
deliver orders; $75 required. 632 Market.room 8.
"DAKBER-SHOP WANTED, COUNTRY ; WILL
XJ pay fair • price, but must stand investigation.
Apply with full particulars to D. STOLTZ, 630
Market su .;:. '■''..' ... ,-
BOOKKEEPER ANDBALESMAN; GROCERY
X) store; Stockton; wages $60 a month. Address,
with stamp, J., box 44, this office. -
\VT ANTED— MEN and women To WORK j
'•for us day or evening at their homes; nice,,
pleasant work; no : canvassing: experience not |
necessary. We pay salary. Send us your address. :
STANDARD MANF'G CO., 142 W.23d, New York.
■PRINTER— DO YOU WANT ; A SITUATION
XT worth $20 a week? ' Have yon $125 to loan the
person securing same for you? Money back in. 30
days and "sit" * permanent if you are competent. 1
Address to-day Printer, box 99, tall. .'?-'>- ■'■%■* <
ANTED— A CLOTHING SALESMAN;
must be strictly first-class man: > none others I
need apply. Call from 3t06 r. it., 523 Market su , I
room 7. . . ;' ■■'-:_ ••■■■■ -.■ ■-;■;;;?.■, t- '?.'"■„--
nOATMAKERS., 641 MARKET ST. • \ ."
\J
T> ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
LfAKBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
"1 OURNKYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
0 No. 27. J. 8.U.A.. Emplmt Bureau, 102 Seventh
ARBER-sHOP, 3 SIXTH ST.; ELEGANT IN
every respect and lease for sale. ... > : . ,
O GET A FIRST-RATE 15C MEAL FOR lOC j
X where strict civility,! cleanliness and order is {
maintained, try Seattle restaurant, 137 Fourth st.
'UE-KSTKAK AND ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
X> sc; 2 siJe dishes free. 635 Clay st.
Q*A PANTS TO ORDER; LATEST STYLE.
«Ipa: WERTHM AN Pants Co , 22y 3 Geary St.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR ■ SKCOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission ex., near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our mane, $2 60
and $3: > ladies', gents' and children's" misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. . .
Air ANTE D— FOR THE -UNITED : STATES
»i .; Marine Corps, U. B. i navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less : thin / 6 ; feet 6 inches In height; of good '
character • and - temperate ' habits ; - able -. to read,
write and sneak English properly: only citizens of \
the United States or persons who have legally de- !
clared their intentions to ■- become i citizens will be ;
accepted : this important branch of the naval :
service otters special inducements; giving oppor- ;
tunities to visit all parts of the world, on board our I
new cruisers. For further information apply at the i
Recrul:lng Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
_> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c; week $1 to $2 50; reading -room ;striclest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night. ;
KN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.; 'LADIES, 40c.; I
done while you watt. ■ 638 Market, opp. Palace J
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Finck's,S.F'.
T ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
i-i on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 7liliy 2 Howard at., bet. Third and fourth ;
INCHESTEK HOUSK 44THIRDST..NEAH
'Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading- '
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some . simple - thing ■ to - patent? •. Protect your
Ideas; " they may bring you wealth. : Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN , & <""0., Dept. tL, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. " ; ' ' ;
\ITE 'HA Y E ; A LOT. OF DAMAGED ? SHOES
1 » . selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 56- Mission st. -. ■:
LODGINGS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN. ;
XJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
WT ANTKD— FOR CLEAN BEDS: : 25c
11 night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ell 13 st. 3
RY ACME HOUSE, 957. MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for room: 26c a night; $1 a week.'
.I - f INDKLL HOUSE. SIXTH AND : HOWARD
I 1 sis.; single furnished rms 7Re week, 160 night.,
RE-.OVKD ►■ FROM . 609 CLAY TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
1 (\f\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100. 16c
XV'U and 20c a night, including coflM sod roll* '
€24 Washington st., near Kearny. 1 '":'•■ "' -. *
EST IN'ciTY--SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. : $1. 91 25. $1 60 per wee- '
Pacific House, Commercial and ■ Leldesdorg sts. :
\\r _ : ARE SHOhi * DOCTORS; WE , REPAIR
IIT your old shoes and make them as good as new, 1 - |
and with our new machines we can I do . your I work i
{at one- half the usual price: done while 1 you I wail, I j
! 662 Mission st., between First and Second sts. a?;;
ANTED— _\BOREBS c AND s MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms: 26c per night; 91 to $3 per wee_ V
. HE_P_:"W ANTED— Continued.
W r _jT_O^BSaLE- BOOMS, 150 A DAY: $1
1 1 f i v«ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
; reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay s- . »
DOOMS 16c TO 76c PER NIG : 600 TO «l 50
Xt per week." Oriental, 225 DrnmmsL '
LCHO HOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c; 25c to 60c night; $1 to $S week.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
" all grocers keep it. .'■".--' ..'.-;-'.■. : "." - . ■•"■.'■" :;■ ■-i
WT ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
TT ers —Clerks. KNOX Collection Afcy, 110 Suttee
X\r ANTED — MEN ' TO LEARN BARBER
I* : trade; ! only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue spnr. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
~ AGENTS WANTED.. ; . ~~
iTIOMPETENT A G KJSTT ; GOOD REFEREN CES :
\J dyeing and cleaning. 318 Eleventh st. •: ;
E WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
and women to represent the "Ladles' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., is. F.
A GENTS; BIG MONEY; OUR LATEST
J\. proposition. Call Baxter Portrait Co., 432
Sutter st. .'
AGENTS! BRYAN, WALL AND FREE
silver; ' McKiniey, ■ Hobart and protection ;
every voter will buy one or the other; do you want
the profit? T. PERSON, Manager Subscription
Department The Whltaker _ Ray C 0. ,723 Market.
WANTED-MISCEt_ANEOCS.
ELL-BROKEN BIRD DOG: MUBT BE
-•' chean: give particulars. Address Naps Ma-
chine Works, Napa, Cal. .
rVLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry. watches repaired. MUND, 1133Vfr Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW -
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at. : n*nrt post—
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
oc-room CORNER~HX)U^ET?rr?rr!T!7rrSI4OO
—O 9 rooms clearing $50 per m0nth........ 300
10 rooms on Taylor, clearing 950 400
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments..... 600
20 rooms, corner, only 1509
14 rooms, $100 cash," balance payments 300
50 housas, sto 140 rooms, from $50 t0....... 5000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS PLACES.
DECKER. 1020 Market sU, opposite Fifth.
T ODGINO-HOUSE; 72 ROOMS; GOOD LOCA-
X tlon : rooms nearly all - rented ; present owner
many years; rent ■. reasonable; bargain to cash
buyer: investigation solicited. 632 Market St.,
room 8. • . .
fl>CCn 11 ROOMS, ELEGANTLY FUR-
-»7ptJiJV. nished; walnut; north of Market; rent
$45; clears $50; cause sickness. SKIFF _ CO.,
921 Market st.
I r A ROOMING!- HOUSES FOR CASH AND
X O\J payments; see our houses and prices before
buying. UNDERWOOD CO. , 765 Market st,
T IST YOUR HOUSES WITH MRS. A. M.
JJ ELKINS, 41 Eddy street; call or telephone
Jessie 411; some good houses for sale now.
O(\ HOUSES: $300 TO $8000. PHELPB &
Ou CO., 917 Larkin st. .
<k F\f\(\ 9-ROOM HOUSE; SUNNY SIDE;
<ijr O\JKJ. furniture almost new. 706 Ellis St.,
room 5/ ' ■ *
99 ROOMS: NO REASONABLE OFFER RE-
_^— fused; investigate. 1235 Market st. '
UOARDING-HOUSE: 26 ROOMS; RENT $35;
X> selling account sickness. 11l Twenty-sixth
St., near Mission.
FURNITURE FOB SAI.E.
I~urb'^alkT~~^ ~~ " ruvuxr>J^
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■■ ■'
Oak bed seta .„.. .,..... 918 50
Bed lounges 8 00
5t0ve5....... 750
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard , 55
Matting, per yard ;... ■.... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and. Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. ; .-■-.-.; .-. ■ , .... ;.-. ■- ■--•-' - ■ .
T.L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings. . -
A(\l\ CAKPKTB; CHAMBER SETS, $14:
ttUtf stoves, 96; parlor sets, $20: folding- bed*
$10: bed- onnges. $7. T. P. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
FURNITURE WANTED. i -
TiuckiNGHAM FUimTCHF' ca pays
XJ highes* price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. l . ."
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUKNl-
ture. J. CURTIS. 1239 Market; ; send postaL
rrO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. BILVERST_IN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
C. MUTHEK, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNI-
tore and merchandise see BUKD, 211 Larkin.
N DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
CARPET ■ CLEANING.
(TONES & CoT—AIN OFFICE 25 27
0 Eighth st.; teL Jessie 1061. »>;■
CARPET CLEANING, Sc: LAYING. 3c. ; RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198th st,
GRKAT WESTERN. -CARPET-BEATING
works: latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE; 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
HSN YOU. BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send to SPAULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama at. : teL So. 40.
C 1 ON KLIN'S CARPET EKATINU WORKS. Aij
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
r\YTY STEAM CARPET CLKANING.RENOVA-
\J tine. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mtx. TeL South 250.
i~ARP_TS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: t_
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH * CO.. successors.
IK MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. i 40
*' . 14tli b:. : cleaning 3c n yard. Tel.- Mi—lon 71. j
DENTISTS.
nROOME DENTAL ASSOCIAtTonT^oTmAR^ |
\J ket st.. bet. Third "and Fourth; gas specialists; l
only reliable agent for painless - extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 60
cents, with gas $1. . ::■ ■"■ -•■*■■■; ■■>
TT> IRST-CLASS > ,OJ?NT£STRY; FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices; first-class result*: painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5376. W. C. HAB-
DINC; CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St.. corner Powell.
I\K. LUDLUM r HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are I made: old . plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given. ,
R. GtORGK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved : bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
I HULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED {
1 five years; extraction, 60c; fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
K. L. T. . RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
crown work, , bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ay;. •
■■_7-a .-ET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED as'
«Jr I ' good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALsH. D.D.S.. 815»4 Geary.
A. -_>UCKKTT, 1703 . PO*T f ST., NEAR BO-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge worn.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A fLA'I'K ■ I>K. ii.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su
OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOU __._-
-ket „ ' - DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. :
K. J. J. LEEK,"Tab*6 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gait* r.Vf.— open evenings: sundavi till noon.
■ musical, INSTRUMENTS.
ACCOUNTTOF THE^INCREaSE 1 IN, MY
. p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have . therefore moved
into my own building,. at. 526 Hayes su, between
Octavla and . Lacuna, > where ; I - can • now display '
over four times the amount ,of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor Cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In ' San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT. :■■„ .;... ■>
A MOTHER SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
-3L purchasing from Sherman, Clay <& Co.; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for. s6 per month: only '
$6 cash payment required; every instrument
» uaranteed. SHERMAN. . CLAY _ CO., cor.
Kearnv and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa- '
tives of Steiuway & Sons' pianos. , ■••' -^-.i- . i^'t
ipiNE UPRIGHT PIANO: .PKRFECT ORDER;
1 handsome case: sacrifice. 211 % Valencia st., in
B. ore. :, -.-■■ - , -, '■•,". -.-. — . ..-'.. ■'->:■:..,■.. j
<S> 1 xn BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
tjP Xfjyj. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
<n>~\ Al\ ELEGANT, UP RIGHT., STOOL AND
<pX*±l/. cover on $5 installments. 221 Leav'th.
BARGAIN-$7O, GOOD UPkJGHT. SCHMITZ
XJ 16 McAllister st., next Ulbernia Bank, ■ ,t :-x-
AIR OF FINE MARSHALL _ WENDELL
uprights, $125 each: call and see our bargains.
MAUVAIS. 769 Market St.- *
ACTUALLY .THE BEST BARGAINS IN
"> pianos, both new and ■ second-hand ' at THE
F. W. SPKNCER COS warerooms,933Marketst.
Wti. Badger, sol.-, AGENT *or HALLET
._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
EFORE BUYING SEE AINE BROS.' BUSH
* \ Gerts- ■ and Knabe ' pianos; st <■ wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post bU '
/ IHICKKKINU, KNABK. STUCK. VOSE. STKR- ,
\J ling pianos: see oar new piano for $187; piano*
:or rent. BENJ. CURT A/ _ son. 18 <y Fsrrei 1
V RON AIA V. ; aoa POST " !ST._SOHM__,
-Newby A; Evan*. l;rl«tes nnd other pianos. ;
O H. MULLER. repairer. 2 Latham place. <
_._^ _'_. i :^_' : PHYSICIANS. -.:,: ; -;■ ; .:■ . ; :■
T\R. C. C O'DONIiEXLTuibTMTRKETrCORI
xj Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty."
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, <=, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
— c worst cases treated satisfactorily by maiL • '
T _ PEW UITERS.
REMINGTON.' $40. $35; SEND FOR SAMPLE
XXi work. SCOTT _ B ANNAN, 333 Montgomery.
:. '..._____ BUSINESS ' CHANCES.
mTqHn manufa"ctcbing"b tTb i 8;
tJp»J«JU. good chance for live,' active man to
get Into a fine paying business; this will bear thor-
ough investigation; part cash. GEO. STEWART,
.602 Market st. _________
rfJjOOC TEAMING AND EXPRESS: FINE
<JpZi_U. large wagon; 2 horses; best stand in
city; hauling amounts $4 to $8 per day: this is a
bargain. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market.
(IJ.Q?:rv FRUIT AND PRODUCE; ELEGANT
t£)O«JU. place; best location in the city; three
nice living-rooms: cheap rent; good fixtures; has
fine horse and wagon and doing a first-class busi-
ness. GEO. STEWART, 60- Market st. ■'
1C A , PARTNER WANTED: SALOON';
<_) xO\J m good corner location ; big stock ; line
. fixtures; • cheap at $250: - see to-day. GEO.
STE W ART, 602 MarKet St. :
O,'A PARTNER IN SALOON AND RES-
_.«JU. taurant: Western Addition; choice lo-
cation: rare chance. WILKE & WO I.F, 531 Cal.
<gj O()f\ SALOON, DOWNTOWN LOCATION;
tIPOUV/. low rent: average dally receipts, $12;
bargain. WILKE «fc WOLF, 631 California st.
SQC A . OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER SA-
•*O\J . loon on Sansome st. doing large day
business: best class of custom; only buyers need
apply. WILKE. 631 California si.
<_ K(\f\~ R ESTACRA NT~DOING LARGE
WOW . business: rent $27 50; Western Addi-
tion; owner kept place for years: must sacrifice;
investigate at once: very rare chance. WILKE
& WOLF, 631 California st.
52 1C\C\ RESTAURANT NEAR MARKET
(3) I \'\J. St.; daily receipts of $35; large num-
ber of . regular boarders; cheap rent; established
for years; . fortune to right men; investigate and
be convinced. Apply 632 Market st., room 8.
dJJCCA RESTAURANT AND CHOPHOUSE:
»ptJ«JU. splendid business location; will sell at
a bargain; rare chance. Apply 632 Market at-,
room 8. ■
<_/Iflfl COFFEE SALOON, CHOPHOUSE;
«Jpttv/U. first-class location; good running order;
business speaks for itself: must sell; disagreement
partnership; sacrifice to cash buyer. 632 Market
st., room 8. • "
C\ REAT BARGAIN IN CIGAR, STATIONERY
\T and laundry office. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
©OCA BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
tlpOOvS. and candy store; 4 living-rooms; low
rent; doing business of $8 to flu per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at cigar-stand. . ■■■ ■ . ■
m»1 c A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE SI ORE;
tIpX«-)v/. best location; receipts average $15 a
day; horse and wagon; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
i new 6-story and basement brick, building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
.Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to B. SILVERBERG, 320
Bansome st., room 39.
<Jj»-| OAA BAKERY; BAKES 3 BARRELS A
<J)X_ UU. day; brick oven; dally receipts aver,
age 922; 2 horses: wagon. See SKIFF, 921
Market st. -
_4A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
_U. rent, 912. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
IGAR, STATIONERY STORE; GOOD LOCA-
tion; rent $10. SKIFF _ CO., 921 Market st.
<Bi7nO RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION:
tip • v". 1 block from Market st- : good paying
place; must sell on account of sickness; nicely
fitted up. Business Exchange, 777 Market.
IR3T-C_ASB SALOON BUSINESS: E9TAB-
X 1 lished for yean: retiring on account of old age.
Apply saloon, .777 Market st.
OR SALE— OF THE OLDEST AND
best-known liquor-stores, in the very heart of
the city, together with a fine stock of wines,
liquors, etc.; fixtures in first-class order; to those
looking for business this is the best stand in city;
sickness the cause of sale. Address for particu-
lars K. M., box 100, Call.
■VTOTICE— DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR
—V business promptly? HEALY. 23 Kearnv st.
ffiCAAv CITY-FRONT CORNER LIQUOR SA-
tlpUUl/. loon; doing a. business of $80 per
month: cardrooms; full value; selling on account
of sickness. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
p OLD MINE— WANTED, PARTNER TO AS-
vJT sist owner in making further developments;
the prospects are good ■ and an excellent oppor-
tunity to make big money: the property is situ-
ated in one of the very best mining districts: fall
particulars given. Address Mine, box 31, Call.
OOD PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE IN
county seat of 8000 inhabit nts: half block:
from courthouse; cheap rent; -6 <' living rooms;
good wagon route and store trade. For particulars
Inquire In Loan office, 39 Fourth st.
IpINE OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
man in rapidly growing neighborhood; cor.
Third aye. and Clement St., with 4 rooms: Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st.
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 37. Call Office.
OR SALE IN SAN JOSE— WELL-PAYING
. loan office; established in 1872; present owner
retiring account of old age. .* Address A. GREEN-
BERG, San Jose, CaL . . .
<_ 1 Qfl RARE BARGAIN; CONFBCTIONT.
tip 1 V\J. cry.bakery, grocery, stationery, notions,
)!£/"• ery, baker}', grocery, stationery, notions,
(tar and coffee-parlor; 4 living-rooms; cheap rent.
450 Sixth st. . .
EXTRA CHANCE FOR A GOOD GENERAL
blacksmith, where most of the rent is taken out
In work. Inquire at 706 Ivy aye., CHARLES
ALPESS.. • -...-.-•.
<2>-irAA FIRST-CLASS SALOON AND RES-
t[pl«_M'U. taurar.t; ■ doing good business among
merchants: no agents. Address B. C.. box 138, Coll.
"PRIVATE HOSPITAL FOR SALE IN THIS
X city: suitable for 2 professional ladles: clears
S2OO per month. Address D. G., box 66, this office,
T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. < OWAN BUYS
. stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 16,26 Montgomery.
fITJQAA FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER- SHOP;
«JpOUv/. business and location good: lease; In-
vestigate. Address W.W., box 18., Call Office.
JilOR BARGAINS IN RESTAURANTS, SA-
-1 loons, cigar-stands, coalyards, grocery and bars,
etc., see UNDERWOOD & CO., 76", Market st.
RARE . CHAN — WELL-PAYING ROAD-
house and poultry ranch for sale. Inquire
Eleven-mile House, San Ma.co electric-road.
"PARTNER WANTED IN A NICE SALOON
X at a prominent transfer corner, or will sell as ■
whole; a bargain; investigate. . 317 Tenth.
ARGAIN; SALOON; BAR RECEIPTS $15
X> to $18 dally: rent $20: near San Francisco,
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING SALOON AND
cigar sta d, centrally , located. Inquire WICH-
MAN, LUTOKN _ CO., 318 Clay St.
AKLAND ROUTE ON . EVENING .BUL-
letin for sale; clears 995; 82000. Apply 963
Broadway, Oakland.
"TjELICACIES AND NOTIONS STORE; i
XJ fine living rooms, large yard; low rent; cheap.
Apply Call Office. .
PARTNER WANTED— MANUFACTURING;
X city; '$500. ' Call SW. cor. Second and Mis-
sion sts., room 2.
TT ARNESS-SHOP FOR SALE— FINE CHANCE
XX lor men .with small capital. Address Shop.
box 81. Call. _
aj.r>'/\ BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY;
«_it>e»W. bakes IVi barrels daily. B. J.. box 68,
Call Office.
TNTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
X will pay $150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this office. ';•-■"-■
fiOOD-PAYING BAKERY FOR SALE. InT
VX- quire C. SEIBT, U. S. Bakery, box 326.
Petaluma. - '
fI^QC FURNISHED RESTAURANT NEAR
tg)_i). depot. J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia.
bUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE REASONABLE:
X> doinir good business. Particulars 227 Ellis st.
"5j7>AA PARTNER WANTED; IRON AND
tip _<UU. wire works; see owner. 1285 Mission.
TT OTKITtO KENT: FURNITURE FOR
XX - 226 Michigan, opp. Union Iron Works,Potrero.
"[ENGINEER COUNTRY FLOUR MILL WITH
XJ $600. M. C. QII.LIVRAY, 1028 Market St.
GOOD CORNER SALOON -FOR 'HALF ITS
. value: owner going East. 1324 Mason st.
HARNESS SHOP FOB SALKCHEAP. APPLY
L. D. STONE & CO., San Francisco, Cal.
"I/OR SALE — CHEAP;. A WELL-ESTAB-
X lUhed tailor-shop. Apply 1910 Polk st.
SALOON;, LONG LEASE; LOW KENT. AP-
p'y at Anchor Brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
FOR SATK- COFFEE^MfLL AN*D SCALES.
lnquiru 633 Birch aye., near Laguna st.
IjAKKRY FOR SALK; HORSE AND WAGON
;i-> at a bargain. Call at 1575 Market st.
pARTNER— WITH $260: MUST MEAN BUSI-
X ness. Address T., box 14, Call Office.
tCjl OR GROCERY AND BAR; STOCK AnD
<PX_O. fixtures. Apply Call Office.
IPiINEST CIG-AR-STAND IN THE CITY TO
'reut. Address Owner. 311 Bush st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TH«
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, lor mailing.
———————— _______
T^st^onk~ wXek agoT^tan^c ouTred
XJ memorandum-book. By returning same party
will be rewarded. . O'FARRELL A CO , 11 Mont-
gomery st. '
OST. AUGUST .10, FOX-TERRIER BITCH;
black and white. Return 14 ly* Minna st.;
reward."^BSBKBMS9ISBNHBBRHMBtoafi
"I OST — TAN . COLORED MASTIFF DOG:
JJ name-plate marked Albert Sutton -Karl."
Finder please return to 1417 Clay st. and receive
reward. ,,- .-, -^SHBMHBMi
LOST— WHIT* FOX-TERRIER BITCH. BE-
turn to 844 Harrison st.: liberal reward.
OST— FROM TIB U RON 'AUG. 9,A 12-FOOT
J Whitehall boat. Return to JAMES ENG-
LISH, Belvedere : Boathouse, Tiburon, Marin
County, CaL :-, , ; ■
"1-OST-LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND FOB;
Xj name Inside. Return 'his office: reward. -
PROFESSIONAL. CAKUS.
FRANK ATTORNEY- AT- LAW. ROOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
E . TOHN K. KICHARDS, -A OFFICES ROOMS
O 23 and ; 27, Crocker building; telephone Maiu
.75, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
J attys at law, rms 510,616. sth -oor.Parroti old*.HOUSES TO LET.
HtOOHS X A r II^XND'^ASEit^NT" !
Nineteenth st. near Folsom. ?^*f¥r '
C KOO . M X - BATH, LAUNDRY AND UNFIN-
C ished basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
25 et> r?u'i?ll lful street: opposite private park
f32 50. Dh.MP.*,TER, 36 Glen Park aye. , off lath!
£99 |! OL SOM-7 ROOMS AND BATH. $30 :
fcSw?^ Q-^
BAY-WINDOW HOUSE; 4 BOOMS; 212 V,
Perry st, off Fourth, $12 60: water free. i£
ply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
H°^i» E i ROOMS : FWRNITURE~FOR
sale. . 720 Natoma st.
TTOUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
wT/ry%\. BAIJ "' IX & HAMMONDS
S P i'ii X ? ID 12 - 11O " M HOUSE, 3392 TWENTY -
> nrst street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or pnvai.-. residence; very low rent Pen It.
TO LET. ,
Q9ri 31 ° NOE-5 ROOMBTNKWI/r
-**j. vateu; bath; basement; stable.
K^Y^ COTTAGK JUST FINISHED; 5 ROOM.- ,
xi path; cars pass dour. 24th, above Diamond.
Q,Q fiO COTTAGE OF 3 R0OM& 18 pros:
k. t-'.wv. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
lwenty-elghth sts., off Mission.
MOO 5 Lt »ANT COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
m V,> flfttß> U stvrn Addition, $12 up. SPECK A
CO.. 602 Market st
FLATS .TO LET.
OCTAVIA sf^BET?W A LLE R A^ND^HAIGHt!
opp. Valencia; rent greatly . reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city: sun all day: will be put
in first-class order: 6 and 7 rooms and bath- 820
and $25. MADISON A BURKE. - - --■ -
<Si]A 4 CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS. 1120
O XT:. Broadway. | . \ .. ; . j- ■
DO OAK GROVE AYE.-2 LARGE. SUNNY
OO unfurnished rooms; bath and all conven-
lencesfor housekeeping; private family. - -
CA9 NINTH— COBNER FLAT, 6 BOOMS AND
O\J£i bath; rent aheap.
9 ELKGANT LIGHT SUNNV;FLATS, 5 AND 6
-J rooms, bath, on Waller st Apply 211 Fill-
more st
LEGANT FLATS. 6 AND 7 ROOMS, BATHI
newly painted and renovated. 825 and 827
Howard st. near Fourth.
<9" STEVENSON-FIRST FLOOR; 4 LARGE
IAO rooms; large yard; ceilai; good order.
SUNNY FLAT 6 LARGE ROOMS!
t?ID. bathtubs. 412 Dolores st.
UPPER; 931 a SHOTWELL ST.; 4 ROOMS
*J and bath: $13. . -- :
UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY
tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric bells, etc.,
overwriting private park, $20: lower flat, 6 rooms
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, $25; all In
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER
36 Glen Park aye. '
A SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH; SECOND
TT t^?° r: ™, clea "i delightful private street, $15.
DEMPSTER, 36 Gien Park aye., off Twelfth.
T7"LAT OF 5. SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
X keepiae; in good order, rent $12 60. 224*4
O'Farrell st '
-1 OWKK BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 BOOMS.
-»-< Soi£ Moss st, bet Sixth and Seventh, How-
ard and Folsom.
"PPER FLAT: 3 SUNNY BOOMS; BENT $8;
water free. 1903 Dupont St.. near Chestnut
«_> BOOM FLAT TO LET. CORNER McALLIS-
-0 ter and Polk sts.
C.49 AM) 644 SANCHEZ, NEAR MNE-
*J~t~* teenth — i. rooms, bath, each; good as new.
■ Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMB EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harrison, opp. 18th.
CjQ LOWER FLAT OF 3 ROOMS. 418 FUL-
<i&O. ton st •
1 7(\K POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X i UP flats; garden, bath; $13 and $16.
IpLAT OF 3 LARGE SUNNY FRONT BOOMS.
' 810 O'Farrell st .
Q97 CLEMENTINA— NICE FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
OZ. I $13. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
1 91 P» JACKSON. BET. JONES AND LEAV-
XZiX enworth— Modern flat 6 rooms and bath:
porcelain tub; fine view; large grounds in rear;
$27 50. . - -.
SE. COB. PAGE AND _YON— NEW FLAT; 8
rooms, bath; modern; low rent to good tenant
Apply on premises.
A ?iQ7 EIGHTEENTH —UPPER AND
100 I lower: 4 and 5 rooms and bath; $11 and >
$13. "
V ICE SUNNY FLAT; 5 BOOMS, BATH; $15.
Ii 3012 Twenty-sixth st. cor. Florida.
1 1Q RINCON PLACE, RINCON HILL, OFF
— O Harrison St., between First and Second— Halt
of sunny house: fireplaces in parlors; view of bay.
"(Tj 1 Q ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
O-l-O< 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aye.. nr. 24th.
/CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
\J bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
V,| GROVE, .NEAR FILLMOKE-LOWER j
< l— tin: 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa- '
pered; tmth: basement; yard: $25. - : . 'J,
1 OWER FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH, YARD. 25 ]
Xj Lapidge st, bet Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
J Bcoaey at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
iion-gomery st
Ir-LAT, ROOMS; BATH; GOOD MARINE
'view. iIOS Leavenworth it, bet. Filbert and
Greenwich. . : .
V LEU ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH S»T., BK-
Xj low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TKi»
-»- WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Bryant Street.
(DA BRYANT— 2 SUNNY, NICELY FUR-'
iOU nished housekeeping rooms, $11; electric
cars-
--'- * Ellis Street.
rf\f> ELLIS — SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR: 3
i VU rooms: nicely furnished; also single.
Fell Street.
Ql FELL— 2 FRONT ROOMS, FOB LIGHT
OX housekeeping, rent reasonable; no children.
I iUmore Street.
99AQ1 FILLMORE. NEAR CLAY-2 FUR-
— £\JO2 nlshed rooms, $10; 3 unfurnished, $10.
i oisom Street.
7QC FOLSOM— SUNNY BOOMS; FCR-
I DO nlshed for housekeeping: $8.
1 CAQ FOLSOM— FURNISHED BOOM. SUIT-
X OVJiJ able for man and wife; privilege of
kitchen. ■ . A l -..
.Fourth street.
AQ7 FOURiH— FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
'io I plete for housekeeping; private.
• . i>ougn Street.
,r:AQ GOUGH-2 OB 3 SUNNY. CONNECT-
O\jo ing rooms, complete for housekeeping. :
Howard Street.
~QC*I HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
-0002 keeping rooms, $8: sunny double, . $6;
tingle, $4 and $5. ' ;. --..
Ql 7 HOWARD— 3 OR 4 NEWLY FURNISH-
OX i ed rooms for housekeeping; all conven-
iences; sonny yard. ■ ■'
11/1/1 HOWARD-FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
1 X 44 rooms; $10 to $15; gas.
-i Clfltt HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
X DUD complete for housekeeping. ,
Jessie Street.
yfQQJSSSIE ST., NEAR MINT AYE.— 2
100 pleasant furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single: cheap. . " .
Lsgnns Street.
Ofifl LAGUNA - SISSY HOUSEKEEPING
tJVJU rooms. - ■'
Langton Street.
-i Q£» LANGTON KB., HARRISON— S PLEAS-
X ant rooms; low rent.-
l.»rlcin Street.
Ql 7 LARKIN— NICE SONNY FURNISHED
OX I rooms; also housekeeplnu suite.
Market Stree:.
OAQfi MARKET- EL EG A L FUR- |
—UyU nished suite; bath; gas stove; kitchen;
$17. '- - ■'
y McAllister Street.
'-QQI MCALLISTER — FRONT AND BACK
I £jO-a parlor for housekeeping; private.
i.i»6lon *( i««..
Qd 11 MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY. HOUSE-
ODt2 keeping rooms: neatly furnished; $10.
rr MISSION — NEWLY RENOVATED
1 sunny front suite for housekeeping. •
>atoma Street.
OQ/l" NATOMA, NEAR 4TH— FURNISHED
Jjkj^. housekeeping rooms; very convenient . -•■;
7071 NATOM-A, NEAR N INTH— 3 HOUSE-
I A 12 keeping rooms; $13. ; ■". ■.'■■■':'
New Montgomery street.
1A- NEW MONTGOMERY — NEWLY FA-
iUi) pered front housekeeping suits: very cheap."
. Nintli Street. '
91 NINTH — FURNISHED KRONT BAY-
*-l window room; light housekeeping; also single.
eta via Street.
I jt AQ OCTAVIA. -COB. GEARY — SUNNY
J ztxfO connecting front room; gas stove and
grate. ~- . .." . .. .' ; ■ : , . -" ./.- ■: .■■;-''■. "■
■ Pearl Street.
Q PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 3
0 cor. rooms, furnished for housekeeping.'; $18.'
Perry Street.
1 An PERRY, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH— 2
1 "ID nicely famished housekeeping rooms; rea-
sonable. . . .'• ■.-■ ■■ . ■ . j
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
'; '. . ...";. .-..• ; . &ou,th Park, .
1 fi S ?kI, H ARK-l, 2 OB 3 SUNNY FUR-
j.\j rlsned or unfurnished; housekeeping; cheap.'
. Mock ton Place.
"E^OUR : AND FIVE PURNIBHF.D HOUBE-
X k«fplnjt rooms: separate yards, $15, Apply 25
Stockton Place, off Stockton near Sutter. ... ».
butter Street.
700 SUTTER— SUNN V- NICELY FURNISH-
-1 kj^ ed front room, with kitchen.
Twenty-sixth Street. .-.'""■;
QQfJ7 TWENTY-SIXTH. NEAR MISSION-
""" ' Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard: low rent ; 
\au Ness Avenue,
71 A VAN NESS AYE.— a SUNNY SUITE
t±\J completely furnished, rJbnsekeeclng: $26.
Miscellaneous.- . 1 . •
3 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS: BATH;
base rent Key at 19 Hampton place, off Fol-
som St.. bet Second and Third. - -
ROOMS TO LET.
Kddy Place.
OQ EDDY-NICE FRONT SUIT, $16: BUNNT
±.U single rooms: light housekeeping: cheap.
Al EDDY, COR. MASON-NICE SUNNY
XX rooms: also transient: front and side entrance.
FLOA EDDY— FURNi-HED DOUBLE ROOMS,
*J*J\J cheap; single. $3 60 per month upward. .»
. J-«Knrh btrMfa
C HERMAN" APARTMENT HOUSE, 2« BTH
>J at., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i-nis Street.
'THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MBS. KATE 8.
- X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cnted; newly furnished; elevator: hot «fc cold water.
00 1 ELLIS, , NEAR TAYLOR— FOB BEST
*j£il lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
QQn NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
OO\J single room.l :' ■'-"■.-.•■-■
Filth street.
"1 CO FIFTH— SUNN SINGLE AND DOUBLK
XOJj rooms, furnished or unfurnished; $6 up.
QAQ FIFTH — MODE CORNER HOUSE;
O\JU elegantly furnished sunny rooms, $2 per
week upward; also other rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable. ' .'":'-. ■
i olsom street.
fi/19 A FOLSOM— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS,
DiZ furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
1 uurili Street.
9991 FOURTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT
**~*Li'l rooms: terms moderate.
l>iiily i>lr»o..
91 71 GEARY-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED \
&X I 2 rooms; key 217. - • .' ' ■
p. Ij. GEARY — SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
OXO bedroom suites and single housekeeping;
cheap. - .■ - . ■_ - " - -
; * " Guerrero Street.
Q>n FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED
<pO. front room: hkpg privileges. 23 Guerrero.
. . .. Hickory Avenue
99D HICKORY AYE., TWO BLOCKS FROM
— — O Van Ness— Pleasant back parlor bedroom;
bath; reasonable. " •■ . I
ii award Street.
091 HOWARD —GLOBE; FURNISHED
\JU\- from $1 week up; housekeepiug, $1 50 up;
transient
Jones Street.
907 ,'O.VKS-THE VaN WINKLR: NEW
*->\J I management: elegan: • eunn.v suites and
tingle: newly turntshed: bath, etc; SlO to 8311.
QAI JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
01/JL sunny rooms: hot and cold water; private j
family. v, ' ;
. '.'. - 1 mrny Mrro.. . ~
QA KEARNY-WELLrFURNISHED FRONT
OU sunny suite: single rooms; electric light
A KLINGTON . HOUSE, 127 KEARNY — i
xV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first .
class in every respect; terms reasonable ' <
.--.- y Lurking Street. *
yjOA LARKIN. COR TURK — FURNISHED
*±£\J front room; $7: with tireplac*. :
Aj.»r|t«r. Ktrtxt..'-
nrn MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— NICELY
OO\J furnished front sunny rooms for offices..
1 HOT MARKET— FRONT SUITE,
J.UU-1 , suitable doctor; newly furnished, single;
transient . , > - : - -
"I /iQ.I MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
X\ 'O— sonny rooms: $1 a week up.
V t»O£.AlJXrt JtlUCnJi,". 104» . MARKKT— I'KK.
X night, Ssc to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families. - B
HE CHESTER, 1049 a MARKET — UNDER
X new management; first-class in every re-
spect; gas. running water, elevator service; ele-
gantly furnished . suites and single rooms: also
offices by day, week or month; reasonable: 3 min-
utes 10 City Hall: cars to all points of the city. "
.'Mason Street.
HOC MASON— NICKLY FURNISHED FRONT
— . — O sunny rooms; suites or single: $8 up.
: i»cAJLlister Street. '
99A1 MCALLISTER, OPP.- CITY hall—
— — yj'i Furnished and unfurnished rooms, en
suite or single, suitable for offices. .-
. Mission Mree;.
090 PLEASANT SUNNY ROOM;
O^D double bed; suitable for two persons; rea-
sonable. ,
1 79U 1 MISSION. NEAR THIRTEENTH—
J I jiiVz One or two furnished front rooms; bath;
cheap. ■ - - ■ - ■ ■• ■*- ■ ■--.' - ■■■■■>' • '
1 1 07 MISSION — NEWLY .'■ FURNISHED
XX O I sunny rooms; parlor suite first floor; rea-
sonable. '
• o'4'arrell (street.
097 O'FARRELL— 2 SUNNY SINGLE WELL
O^j I furnished rooms: $5 and $6. :
' ; Post Street, y
99Q1 POST — ELEGANT FURNISHED
£ZiQ% rooms, single and suite; terms reasonable.
Sansome Street.
Ql d SANBOME — NICE SUNNY BOOMS,
OXO newly furnished, $3 monthly an d upward ;
housekeeping rooms. ■, - .
second Street. - I •
pENTRAL LODGING- HOUSE. 52 SECOND—
\J Entirely renovated; convenient and respect-
able. . ... - . ■ ■■:--. ■-..-• .' - - • . ' '.'->
"■ Street.
10c SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
x£O double and single rooms. . : . ■.
P. A A SIXTH-NEWLY FURNISHED BOOMS;
<Jt:"t 75c and $1 per week. - /
Stevenson Street. \ - >' .
pO-OPERATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
\J Rooms clean and cheap; reading-room. - . .- •
- Stockton Street.
•VTEW PYRNEE HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
Vi Front suites; single rooms; bousekptng;chaap.
■ ' tuner street. -"■ •
rr\fk SCTTEB.' COB. POWELL — LARGE
OUU sunny front suite, furnished or unfurnished.
7flQ SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I UO newly furnished sunny rms.; suite or single.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR '— . NICELY FURNISHED
x\JO double room; bath and closet; $2 a week.
Tenth Street. '."
m : TENTH — LARGE ! RUNNY CORNER
bay-window, unfurnished or furnished;
housekeeping If desired. : - :' : .'' --'■ ■.'-■•'- ' ;
1 9c TENTH— LARGE, WELL-KIT P.NISHED
X-ZiO room: grate; gas and bath: $5. . • ■ I
Third Street.
17 THIRD— -FURNISHED ROOMS;
• transient: tourists especially. •
'lurk Street..
DAD TURK— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; GAS;
OKJO closets; very reasonab.e. . . :-'-;>
'' v: Miscellaneous. . :."'.
ROOM AND HOUSE-RENTING AGENCY:
no fee lor registering. : Easterbrook building,
22% Geary st, roota 87. -'• . ." • -.-"- • ': . '
•QUNNY-'-KUITK AT. THE . WINDKMERE. j
Poor Bush and Van Ness aye.. 2 or 3 rooms: bath i
BOARDING AND' ROOMS.
i R66Mi
Out; with board: terms reasonable. .
QflQ VAN NESS AVK.— DESIRABLE SUNNY
OUO rooms: first-class table board; reasonable. ■ ■ ;
7-1 9 POST"FURNISHaif : "BOOM WITH
I ±jU board, $20: suitable for 2 young men, y :.■.-,
AiiQ GEARY-KLKGANT SUITE : OF • PAR-
IOU lors. with first-class board. '■>. £>-;:'-■'
A] 9 EDDY —'2 >: LARGE ,i SONNY BOOMS
"±X Ju with board: $45 for couple. -,-. ■ : : ■ ;,'y,
Ul cl, Xk.KTUtHi. 714 'BUSH— A FAMILY
. hotel : • reference* id veu ana required; nil mod- :
»r*i conv^nienc*^. ■'. - ■■. >~t> . < » '■:■-. * -
STORKS TO LET.; y
"S"i)X. B^tt*H^W^RD^LAß^E^rOß^!^ASl?
tS>ZO. TON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery.
STORE TO LET, WITH 3 ROOMS AND BATH.
.1232 Folsom, bet Eighth and Ninth. - '
IUE. COR. GROVE AND POLK— BTOBE, AND
J-\ : 3 rooms: fixtures. etc. ; good stand , for grocer. ■
Apply toG. H. UMBSKN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
QTORE AND 8 LIVING-ROOMS, 1233 PAGE
O at.; rent low. Apply 1233 Page at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATIUDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
OFFICES TO LET.
T^ESIRA^TK^OTFIcES^iIA^rEETHTD^BY
XJ applying at, 850 Market st. at most reasonable
I rates; professional and businessmen who contem-
plate making a change from their Dresent location
can be suited by applying at room 19, 850 Market
DESK ; ROOM, $5 MONTH; LARGE SUNNY
office. 22% Geary st, room 37. y; r
TORE . WITH 2 LIVING-ROOMS; 452
_Halght st, corner of Flllmore. ■ : -■■-■ ■
SPRKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant si'.nnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light; :
oeat'.ng and janitor service free.' Apply at bnildlnf
cry. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. :' ■
■ '"" ■'.■■:': ■-'."BICYCLES.;-.-. " ,":",""
L"^^DIE^TDR^p3 : RAME^IiE^LTS3Tr^^
Ben Hur, $60; Tribune, $50; Ben Hur Tan-
dem and ' "'96" Fowler, . almost new. DA VIS
8R03% 25 Geary st ... :, ;■',. -
IjICYCI.ES AND TANDKMS BELOW COST
XJ to close out stock. W. CRANE, 824 Post st :
FOR ' SALE— NEW- 1896 BIC/CLE; $30.
DAVID N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st.
JW INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
• Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
ARGAININA STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
j > Single wheels. 306 Post st . ':
Park CYCLE~RY— NEW WHEELS to I.ET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary* Ho
Alliater and Powell at car lines.
for ; sale— miscellaxeous.
Good milx~g^^f6^"^aleT""a¥ply
2827 Twenty-second st. . ■'.■'■ i
IARGE. NEW AND POWERFUL TRACTION
I engine cheap. P. F. DUN DON, 314 Main st.
1 ADY IN REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES
• J must sell some old ana rare Sevres ware. Ad-
dress Immediate, box 42, Call Office. .
IfRESti COW; RICH MILK; GENTLE FOR
family. 1312 Folsom st. .
'SLOWER , GARDEN -~» GREENHOUSES:
X' residence: water; all complete. ' 809 Larkin st.
2 HORSEPOWER GAS. OR GASOLINE EN-
<i-jsine; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st
"PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 1N.,,
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16.
20c; 14x17, 25c.; 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 35c; 20x
24, 46c: 22x28 in., 60c. JONES, 547 Miss on St.
i;AKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
■ * ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. , RE VALK, 309 Cat
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. : W. L, SANFORD,
415 Washington st. ' .
■l>oilkrs,i<;ngine)s,2D-handmachinery.
XJ waterplpes. Jlclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AJ\D HAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage M'f'g. Co., 44- Sixth.
OUNT X R S, HIiKL INU, SsHOWCASES
> bought and Bold. Il'Jiy 2 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
|N UILDINU3 iiuUGil i'; LUMBER, SASHiii
1 doors, mantels, etc.. for «ale. 1166 Mission.
NjE SMAlili MKUiUM AMI LARUK SSIZK
lire and bursr'.r-r proof safe/109. 11l Market »-.. j
L"URK AND BURGLAR. SAKf., LKT'I'EK- j
X press, platform scales und desk :cheap. 10°2 Clay
\!K\V KAXIiKd CHEAPER THAN SECONi>
XI hand. \V. aRA V Mfg Ca. 12 California st.
. SEWING MACHINES. .
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HOUSES.
wantTd^^^u^d^lSolwesTTiXr^ess
" and wagon: cheap. 1030 i-auchez st, near
Twenty-fourth. : ' . : -: *-■
\\r AN TED— GOOD HORSE AND WAGON
' ' for fruit business; cheap. A., box 12, Call. ;
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash send for catalogue. 110 McAllister at.S. F.
"1 FJL\ bE'i'b NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XvJU ness, all kinds: wagons, buggies, surreys,
r-jekaways, carts ; must be sold. li2B Mission »>
*\i\l\ SKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAB-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
•srockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES iutl SALE; iALciO WAGONS.
"vf buggies,' carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor&i
Market, 327 f?lx.h st ; auction sales every WeUue*
Cay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. '. :
UR.-)K.S PASTURED; SEND XiX CIRCU-
I»r. I'M- Hvrtc Hanc'i. 630 ' l nrnivcrcl»l st". - ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SAL E~CII E A P— SECON D-H~AiSD~LXu r N~-
dry wagous. bnkeiy wagons, business buggies
and carts, at 346 McAllister st.
"L^OR SALE CHEAP— GROCERY WAGON:
X; nearly new. Call at 4035 Eighteenth st ':-
ITIOR SALE— NEW EXPRESS WAGON. DE-
X! livery wagons and business buggies, new and
second-hand : very cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye. y
.TVTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
-»-' dry milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway.
I and a fine buggies. £28 Harrison sy,,.. -•-..' , .^: < j
| LOR SALK, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
i-1 carriages 'of every d esc lp'Jon; cash, notes or
I installments. Carvlli Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
CLIGHTLt'-MOILBO DRIVING GLOVK3;
O Bampl«"t. H. M. HEINKMA.V. 109 sansome st
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES^ SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs. 14 McAllister st, next Hlbernla Bank:
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9a.m.t05 p. m. and 7to9r. m. ' . ,
ALi CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE- i
-£x stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief <
rnaranteed; travelers helped > without delay; pri- !
vate . home in confinement: regular gradua'.a
! pr.ysidan; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
| CAL : ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the '
! doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
[ and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st- near Larkla.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
A. mentor worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; ' restores always .in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed: j
if you wan: to be treated ' safe and sure call on a i
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
ALPEAC'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON To
ladfes troubled with irregularities: 'no danger;
safe and sure; *2 50 press .O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD OS.. Oakland, Cal. .
"L^OR MEN-GREEN'S GUARANTEED CURE;
X greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: sure guaranteed ■ or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY. 102 Kddy st.
SURE CURE" FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASE-", j
from -whatever cause; a dome in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk st 7 ■ \ i
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
cialty. unexcel.ed In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best cure •
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister at -;-..
MBS. DR. WKGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st
Dr. hall, 14 MCALLISTER street, near
.. Jones. . Diseases of women and children. . . . ■...•■
MRS J. A. ACHaKD, MIDWIFK-HOMK IN
confinement: 25 yw'. experience. 655 Mission.
T F IRREGULAR OR AN Y~FK.M ALE DISEASE
| XseeMRs.DR. PUETZ and be content 2541/2 4th.
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
DR. FU.TCKB.'I4I6 Eighth at. /vlainorta.
PROPOSALS. , ~ ~~
i FOP." ThIT"eIIECt'iON OF A
X frame school ouilding and for replanking and
bltummizlng I schoolyards— Sealed proposals ■ will
be received by ; the Superintendent of Common
Schools in open session of the Board of Education
new City Hall, on WEDNESDAY. August 26.-
-1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.. for the construction of
a four-classroom frame school building at Sunny-
side, in the City and County of San Francisco. ' :
Proposals will also be received by said board at
the time stated tor replanking and bltumlniziue
certain public school yards. :
' -All work to be done in accordance with plans
and specifications (and the condition* mentioned
therein) to be seen at the office of CHARLES I
HAVENS, architect of said board, room 65. Flood
building, corner Fourth and Market streets. Union
labor only to be employed on said work •
••■•• The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the nubile good may require. '
: .'. GEORGE BKAXaTON, Secretary."
BOPOSALS FOR -'-. PAINTING SCHOOL-
houses— proposals s will ■ be ; received by
the Superintendent of Common Schools ;in " open
session of the Board of Education, new City Hall
on ;■ WEDNESDAY, August 26. . 1896, at B:3U
0 clock p. m.; for painting the Interior and exterior I
of certain school houses In the City and County of
San Francisco in accordance with specifications
(and the conditions mentioned therein) to be seen
at the office of CHARLKB 1. HAVEN 4, arch! tect I
of said board, : room 65, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market streets. Bids will be consid-
ered only : from parties 'actually engaged In the
business of house' painting.. -Union- labor only to
be employed on this work. ' • . r
1 The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public good may require. : •
■-■ --'■■ HKO'UGK B-AN.VIViN. Spcre'arv. .
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. ; <;
f^OAli/F. FLOOD, LAW YKR, 638 PABROTT
i-l building; consultations -: free; moderate fees.
A PVICE FREE-DIVORCE LAWS : a SPBCI-
XX. alty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, ■ collections, wills, deeds, etc at- *
tended to. U. W. HuWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Marlt«£,
LEGAL-BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery st., room 18. !
ADVICF FREE: NO CHABGE UNLESS SU<>
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, , 927 Market at.*;!
WF. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SBI PARROTT
'•bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW CHRON-
.' Ide Dlde: advice free; moderate; open cvngs.
" TO LEASE, y/' ■•'■' ".- ; : : _■.-"':
F^^O^^KllT^ok^l^SE^^vXßX^O^iEr
cor.,. Polk - and Jackson v sts.: rent ■ $50 . per
month. Address J.S., 4a7 Sansoroe St.. S. i\ «i
PERSONALS. _ .
TNFOR^IA^IoirrR^QbIRED^AS "^TO
X whereabouts of GEORGE SHEA, formerly of
Hamilton, canaoa, son of MARY SHEA," widow,
and who- is now supposed to be In California.-
Dated July 25, 1896. r»TAUNTON ; <fc O'HEIR,
Barris ers," 24 James st S., Hamilton, Canada.' ■ .:
■U' ANTED- INFORMATION -; OF : THE
: » » whereabouts of a s:alrbuilder known as "Me":
last • seen at section 1, ■ seawall. - Address 1 338
Pacific st J : -■■';: v..r : ■'■•^V ..■M'-<u~--~ :; "■.: ■-^.: 3 -.-" sr:':'---:
ADY, STRANGEK, : DESIRES A GENTLE-
man partner; $25 capital. Room 2, 122 Post.
ORRIS. BERRY, FORMER FO REMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wilh H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladles', misses','
children's cloaks to order;flt guaranteed slow prices
: A DVICB FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all ;
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HQWE,atty-at-law. »50 Market st, '■
I>EFINED • LAI'Y ■ FROM BUTTE, MONT.,
XV will go and give ladies massage treatment at
their homes: also Juse electric medical battery for
rheumatism. Call or address M. M., 1505 Webster
st, Alameda, room 2. ■;■- -^: , .- y ■;;■ :
DARTING lON'S SCHOOL: OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, 3. H. E. Partineton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
RS. THOMPSON: CHIROPODIST, -.101%
Grant. aye., room 10. -. .:..;..;. ; .
A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or < write. 1029 Market st,
bet Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL ... ,- ■;;
. A RABELLA— HAVE BEEN USING '-QUIN-
A. ONIA" Hair Tonic for my scalp and have had
no trouble; Mr. Lederer (111 Stockton st). my
hair-dresser, sells it for 35c a bottle :he dresses
your hair just too lovely for 25c. ABELLE.
HOLLISTER STABLKS, SAN JO->K, RUN
stage to Mt Hamilton at any time, but sure
and get in your orders for August 25. Centennial
anntversay; tel 897. JOHN LEFFLER, propri-
etor, 280 South FiHt st .v '■■■.-.■■-■./•■.■ -.-.. .... v, ,i.;;
RS. DX. WALLACK HAS MOVED FROM
i!OVi Stockton to 16% Turk, rms. 14 and 15.
"1 AAA BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED «1 50;
JLUUU show cards, etc. HILL, 22% Geary st.
IVOKCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage by United States | Divorce Bureau; legal
everywhere. Add. P. O. box 2432, S. F., Cal.
uSba.nd . and wife laws, experi-
enced Lawyer. 1027 Market, aboveBlxth,rm.6
LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, eta, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
WATCH A JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
' » engraving, monos:rams,crests:low prices;work
guaranteed. ; J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary st • .
' AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: • FINE
-I ledge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchge,63oMarl~et
;telv*:t and CLOTH CAPES below
V manufnctnrei'S' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
\\T OMEN'S ELECTRIC SANITARIUM,
. »T rooms 53 Maze building— New, and -scientific
methods for promoting health, beauty. Con. free.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: r wrinkles removed or no charge;
purist toilet articles. 126 Kearny st. room 47. ■ ■
T»IU OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVB-
X>. ry night cor. Market and Sixth ats. ; artistic at-
vertleements in living light; promoters of bu4l-
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets?.
LECIRIC 'LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Hi Winchester House. 44 Third st. Bear Market:
i 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
j week ree bus and baggage to and from the ferry. :
SUITS TO OKDKR ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed '- parties, $15 upward. • Cut-rate
Talorlnz Company, ll7 Market St.. bet 7th and Bth.
~V. IBKKAi. ADVANCKS uN DIAMONDS, J£.vV
XJ elry, etc. :. lowest rates. '948 Market st ' ' : . '»/
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS'. AND LADIES'
dothlnc bought COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
. WEEK'S NEWS '■'■ FOR = 5 CENTS—
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
■v y .-\i_ .._--_: DRESSMAKERS. ■■ ; ;~
DRESSES $2 UP: WKAPPERS 35 CENISUP:
lawn $1 op. 5053-i Natoma st. above Sixth.
educational:
y^TJicirznjiTTjß^rKToTju^
V sarte taught thoroughly; 25c lesson. * 749 Fol-
i soin st. :.:.'::. .'
TIEHL'3 SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; | day and night.
A^ RES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery at; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: ' Ufa
icholarshiu $50: low rate 3 per week and month: ...
A LMA K. HYER, PIANO. MANDOLIN, BAN
-A. jo. 405 Geary, Km, 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNG, WRUNG, AKITHMIC, UHA-VIR
Xj iliiy ,v nk-ht : norla-ises: $5 month. 845 MUsion.
RO*'. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary. Powll.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND. VOCAL, i
XX lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
T ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TKACH-
JLJea plano.Binuing.rri R. 4. 1002 Polk. ,
■Vf R. & M US. KOLA NITER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar. banjo. 93 j Market St.. opp.Mason
i.ELASCO's LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I' Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt |
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN DKRNAILUEN, 723 Mkt,
NGLISH. FRENCH. GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, palmistry, $2 mo. Studio 1422 Hyde.
.T)IANO LESSONS; PUPIL OF THE LEIPSIC
X Conservatory. mod.terms.J.ijANGE.llo Hyde.
TTRBAN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.;
U opens July 27, 1896. , N. W. MOORE, Prin.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, hanio. 1707 Mar- .
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 150, post*-
agefree."- ■.'■>•.'■•.--"--. ■-■■■■- ■ ■ 'j •—..■-?■ .■,'.-■■■ ■.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
P~~ltol?rTiiTX 7^a~iTn"eTlk^^
X and business medium, gives advice on oustnesa
speculation!*, Investments. Insurance, love, settles
lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and causes
a speedy and happy, marriage with the one of your
choice; the earth reveals to him the treasure hid-
den In her boi-om: he locates mines, interprets
dreams, tells of your friends and enemies, removej
evil influences and tells you where to go to be suc-
cessful: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy st;
hours from 9 toy. .. y .-.■■.. ■ ...
GiiANA THE GYPSY.. , v
. This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
| the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; ■ she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunite* , the separated :
causes speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your cnoice: lucky numbers given. ;■ 8 Turk st
M*.. PORTER. WONDERFUL C'LAIKVoY-
ant card-reader, born ! v/ith a don Die veil an I .
tecond sight; ladies 50c. gents I $1; I palmistry and :
clairvoyant sittings $1 50.: 123 Turk St., nr. Jone*.
"PROFESSOR WILLIAM TELLS PAST, PRES-
lent and future; gives names and answers writ-
ten questions: 60c and upward.||33 Turk st. y
Mil,. AKNDT. UtUil' fUKTU.Vt; Of
the world: 600 and: $}. shows picture of . vottr
future huoband or wit*. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621."
•\f ME. i SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELI.S
i'J past, - present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low urices. 856 Mission st. - -
ME. RAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names elven;2scup. 6 Fourth.
C\ YPfiiY LIFE-READER, RKMOVED FROM 5
Aj" seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
11,1 JUIS. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
J>l past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25 j
yrs Kearny, ; now 929 Post ; fee $1 : letter $2.
SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
; grave: ladies, 25c: gents, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
ISS C. MABCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkln st: room 2. ''■--, ; -: .<■ ..,-■•'
CLAIRVOYANT: l LADIES ONLY; : FEE 25C.
41 Minna sc. basement.' ■ ' : : '■■.■■-.-
yy. ■■.:.-■■•■■ :■-. SPIRITUALISM. v ■
j V' VERITABLK QUEEN AMONG WOMKN IX
,\ ■- :-'-.<- .. ' MRS. DR. A. V. HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 <fc UPWARD:
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL! "
I '.Why that look of ' sadness? >■ Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down" T=' lf . so
read I this I and - learn ■ that lire is yet worth living I j
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast In the ten years pant, l.i
" again • at her : old - offices, : 1 320 Market street San i
Francisco, and 'is \ now as ready as ever to assist :
every suffering mortal who ; will either call on or
write to ; her. Your whole ; life revealed; snecesi i
brought ■ to • the unlucky:. love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong; the
poor come rich; if you think your husband, wire
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. * Her tran- ; j
scendent power Is as far above those poor | mortal* ;
who try to Imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
high above tbe earth. : N EVER FAILS. ? Shedoei I
not know what failure means! ; Her "Revealed j
Medicines" (registered ■ and i copyrighted) c cure I
every disease that '. human I flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing.- Write if you can--
not call, for treatment t>y mall is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. Alt letters answered. -
".., Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. '. "
FEE »1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD!
AIRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,: ■■■?. ■-,-:-'.":•
y v " • . . 1320 Market st, oop. Seventh.
" , ...:..' ;-..-_ San Francisco. • f>
. M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT !XLaTE-
. writer.: 118 H»lght St.; hours 9 until 6 p. v..
PIRITUALI'TIO ■/.. CIRCLE - TO-NIGH ■- BY
Rev. Mr. Howland,2sa No. 1 Fifth st; parlor 1.
I SHOP GARRISON, 1870 MABK^T-.sSEAN-
J i, ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 26c; 10 to 4 dally.
ETU.RN KD— MRS. ; MA YO-STEE HS,- M EDI-
XV urn. 1015 Market room 19; readings $1. . : y
EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG,
X 605 McAllister st; telephone, Jessie, 1105. ...'»
1 IFE-READINUSBY REV. MR. HOWLAND;
I j $1. 1 Fifth St.. parlor 1. , . • - , .-
'■l,^ i^-^^^^J^^S^:^:- '■"■'•' ;; ■■'• ■■
B^«Xtr»^E^^?K^FTHoXM^s7I^DDYTR^
x\ 6 and 7; horoscopes, questions, advice, corre-
spondence. -• , " ,'""'.:■:•.-■■.: --.
STROLOGY AND MKDICINK NATIVITIES
or . questions answered : ; Prof.' Howard's \ vital I
remedies restore health.*" 911 Hyde st., 10 to 3. ':'■-•■'
...... city, j^ real Restate. •"■■ .-_'__
T> ARGAINS FOR BALE!
THOMAS MAGEE 4 SONS,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
WATER FRONT— CHANNEL ST., BETWEEN
' »" Sixth and Seventh;; 137:6 feet or any size
: frontage - on : Channel - st, b>- 240 :to Berry. St.;
double front: the largest coasting vessels come up
to Channel st. : the Berry-st. front Is close to rail-
road tracks. . ■.'-. ; - ;. •..''■-
A BARGAIN — RENTS $186: REDUCED
price $20,000; Ho ward-st corner, bet. Ninth
and Tenth; 125 feet tront and 6 well-built 2-story
houses.' --- -": • ■ . '
RENTS $274— FINE / CORNER. ELLIS AND
Hollls sts.: 90x125: covered with 6 dwellings
and 9 nearly, new tiais; price asked $27,000, and
offers wanted; must be sold. .- « -: •
rpHIRD ST., NEAR MISSION; BRICK BUILD-
ling; leased at $145: $22,500.
SE. CORNER JACKSON AND LARKIN RTS.;
27:6x82:6 and 2-story; store below, flat above;
rents $40: $6500; larger size. : , -
/CORNER RESIDENCE REDUCED TO $4500:
\J 3 bloc* s from Market St.; 10 rooms, bath and.
modern conveniences. : ; ' " -..;■ ; ■■
E EDUCED TO $4250: STEVENSON ST.. NR.
6th: 24x70; 2-story and basement house, in
flats; rents for s36. y_ v
lIBERTY ST.; HOUSE AND LOT REDUCED
JU to $3600: make offer: bet. Valencia and
Guerrero; but residence block; lot 25x114. -'
PARK ROAD. NR. , HAIGHT-ST. CABLE-
X. cars; lot 25x150; $2|00: easy terms:: view un-
surpassed.
pORNER GEARY AND WOOD; 29:8x100;
\J reduced to $2000; cheap. "
<J^l or EACH-WEBSTER-ST. LOTS: 25x
«J)JI DOxJ 100 each: nr. Union st- and the cars.
WE, : COR. PIERCE AND FILBERT; 23x80;
1> $900; one block from Union- st. cars.
CT» QA A EACH-LOMBARD, NR. FRANKLIN;
tJpt/UU lots 27:8x100; street sewered, etc. - "; .■>
"DEDUCED TO $1660: COR. CALIFORNIA ST.
it aud 2d aye.; 57:6x100. ;
• THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
A MONTGOMERY ST. .-,-
C.BEMIS, ! • -.--■■■ ~~ •" ■ ■ ■. .
. BKAL KSTATE AND LAND AGENT,
, 824 MONTIiUMJUtYdT.
FOB BAtiE. :
$2600— E. ■ Hi 'l* •of stanyan st., . bet Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet •
$450— Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet
: $6700—60x127 :6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. , ■ :.
6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms ' each, at
park: 25x18? :o teet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. ' . ' - : ■ ■ • ' •
$8500— Klegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl at* -
. $300— Choice building lots north of Dark. " ■
U*T COMPLETED: iIOCSh. 14. ROOMS:
. finish natural woods: quartered oak, blrdseve
i/iaple, mahogany, curly redwood; gas and ' in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view. Cor. Clay and Laurel; owner on premises.
DARE OPPORTUNITY TO i SECURE A
J I choice cottage In the Western Addition; $4200;
$500 down, bilnnce $. 5 per month, will secure an
elaborate 7-room cottage on Golden Gate aye., bet
BaKer and Lyon sts. ; - lot '■■ 25x137:6; nearly com-
pleted. TOhIN & McNALLY. 630 Market st.
I EST BUSINESS CORNER ON THE SAN
, >> Leandro road and ■ main ' street to : Fitchburg
station; size 100x100; cheap at, $20 per front
foot. , ,
■RESIDENCE CORNER," 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500. '
BUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG STA-
I> . tlon; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot. .
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 43 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers. - *
BKST GARDEN LAND IN , ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits ■ and vegetables ;> to - perfection; •-■ splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers - for
I the market ;
! ATHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS'
\J in the best situated locality for a (trowing town
outside the ci.y limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg. - ,
%V. F. MctLURE. 19 MontLomery st, S. F.
SUBSTANTIAL ; MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
O $150 .: to $'J75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
©1 OCA J COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS; BEHKK-
gIiiJU. ley; lot 60x100: near station; $300
down, $15 monthly.- -.'
$160— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
■■■■'-. < HAS, a. BAILV.V. 20 Montgomery st. --
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ' Z
HOMESTEAU ABANDONMENT— BO ACRE^;
Jl Santa Clara Valley foothills: nice trout stream;
part level: plenty timber: good soil; price $200.
631 California room 1. , • . '"
j <• ACHr-o i.N Hill 1, HOUSE, BARN, AT HAY-
-0 wards: cheap. 872 Washington s., Oakland. '
fflj-l AAA CASH BUYS 32ACRH8 fine im-
«JpXUUU proved: place near Santa Rosa;: 10
acres orchard; house, barn, tools, etc: balance of
$3000 remain. I. C. >CHABFF,IB Montgomery.
TO. RENT-SATHER RANCH. CONTRA
.Costa County on San Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1150 acres of land, well watered
and : wooded ; about 850 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture: suitable lor milk or
stock ranch. R. E. ROWLAND, Orlnda Park.
17* OR SALE- A GENUINE BARGAIN;
< house, - barn, : 6 acres ■ in- orchard; - one mite
from Hay wards; soil suitable ioi vegetables; easy
terms. Address K. HOO3ON. Hay wards, Cal.
AN RAFAEL— NEW MODKRN HOUSE, 8
rooms and bath: large lot;:' good '- location:
street accepted; lor sale cheap or - exchange for
city property. J. TUNsTKAD, San Bafael. > al. ,^-
T"WO ■• FIVE-ACRE CHICKEN : RANCHES;
with running water: good improvements; only
half a mile from town: $1500 each; one of 4 acres,
nice Improvements, $18 10: another of 9 x fa acres,
good bouse, nice ' orchard • one of - 12 ■" acres.'- nice
house ■. 9 . rooms. artesian water, creek < bottom,
close to town, half cash, $2300. D. H. TWINo,
Sonoma City. : : .* , : - ' •.
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE 12 ACRES AT
: TT: Greenwood. .■ Mendoclno Coun;y. - fur larger
place, suitable for farming; price not over $3500:
will pay difference.- Write, with particulars. G. W.
ROBINSON, Elk. Mendociuo County. ; y..*-?
: LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
ii est In the Slate; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, $35 per ' acre: - adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: iVa hours from S.F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. :- i.7 Chronicle building.
NY ONE WANTING ::A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, ;or: an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay, Is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery at. \
ARIN : COUNTY— 3OOO ACRKS Z6 .MILES
irom city; lo s any I size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail. or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre: terms to suit " Syndicate , liivedtiiieiu , Cuul-
! any. 65 Chronicle building.' ?:.". .: y " '■',■:•--':*
(()()|||| FOOTHUiLHOME IN BANMATEO
tli UUuU. County, 25 mliea from San Francisco,
half mile from railroad; 5 acres: modern house: 9
rooms. Apply to C. S. MERRILL, Berkeley, Pal.
A TIENTION, LAND ■ BUYERS— I2O ACRES
J\ choice olive, vine and prune : lauds located In
Alameda Co., 37 miles from San Francisco, will
be sold at a sacrifice: | surrounding I lands held at
$75 • per acre; f make an : offer; will : subdivide to
I suit- 57 Chronicle bui.dlng. : t:...': ;. : ; .
ITTLE . HOMER CLOSK TO TOWN, .=■'. IM-
roved, easy terms; also 4 to a acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years', credit ? D, H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market S. I l *. ■■:--... -
ENIiFUItOUR LISl' UK UHUUAKU nuMjiS
tor «*!«.- WODSTKK ■'<» WHrn'iiV. >-#-i t^».-
-; MONEY ; TO i LOAN. .
V"n y; "amount :■ on -i) bonds, y- diamonds^'
A watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low; private entrance;
private rooms; .discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. , c
©1 f\l\ fiflfi AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
i£)Xv\J.\J\J\J and " Oakland; :' life Insurance,
bankbooks," fltcck* and' bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAIN W ALP, BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
A li VANCES .ON DIAMONDS. .. WATCHES,
A. jewelry, also en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest ', rates. BALDWIN JKWt.LKY
STORE. 948 Market st ; open evenings.
MON V L ING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTE It- .
«>Bt per month for each $1000; same: rate sec-
I ond mortgage or lite ■ insurance. .. Coin, box 3,' Call.
! 1 ONK Yr LOANiUJ .; U.V .• JKWJJ.LK IV* AX I)
! IVI other valuables ■ at the f Security | Loan Office, I
I ; 31(it>M»rketat.nr. Mason: privatn entrance 7 'lure.
| » VIKECT ON YOUR FUHiNITURK OR PIANO:
I XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: lot*
| ; Interest. :. Km. 68. Donohne bldg, 1170 Market at;
*i NY AMOUNT: IST. 21* Or 3D iIUKTUAOKa: -
A. estates, 1 undivided interests, real estate in or*
bate. McCOLO AN. 24 Montgomery.'; room 3. ' -'
©On'OflAOS IMPROVED REAL ESTATE,
tlpoU \JV\J sums not exceeding $1000. Call at
room 689, Parrott Building. ■■--.'. . ■ . .^ .' ' ; -
"1 6T <& aD MORTGAGES: i INTERESTS IN E+
"-Lutpsilowpst rates: no de!RV.MURPHY,62« Mr*\
; AD VANCES ON I>l AMON US.JKsv JSLKY. J£TU'>
fj\ Colombia \jnan A <'ollnfpr»' i jfflr« 9 urnn' «"
>.^--.-':. ; ".'. .^PAWNBROKERS.'^;;; ;, : * ■■ ,y"- : ;
I.ORROWERB, ATTENTION — INTEREST.'
lOS saved lat the : Cut ' Bate \ Loan ( Office, room 7,
Flood " building. 809 Market it: strictly private:
open evenings;: elevator. . -y ■:,', -■ , '■■■-■■'-. - - .-' ■
AT 128 KEARNY ST., ROOM ; 9— MONEY,
loaned, watches, diamonds,* etc. : * low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledges for gale cheap.
■'", ";•■ - -''v: ; ' ! -. 'financial; y:;.:y;y3 V; ; '..y ,:'•'
M~~OSKY^Rr^jOA^OS^ECVaSTYT^rLi-
'. VAIN SALOMON', 328 Montgomery, r. 214
" ". /: . ; ;...,V MONEY iiW^^ J9«^JLI^.-L
cent; best city real estate. Address H. H.,
. cent; best city real i estate. ". Address ' Hr H.",
i box 57, Call office. --. -' r ■;-".•; ■.■"'"■' c . .'-''-.-,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND , REAL ESTATE.
Big bargain in a chicken-ranch -if
taken quick. See LODGE & POWbLL, Fruit-
vale Station. ;. : . ,';, -■ ,-: • .■- ... .:■ -..,,::■• ■■ ■ ;:.,
yOB RENT-FINE IHIOKKS RANCH 6F 5
X acres: bouse, barn, outbuildings all complete:
plenty; trees and fruit ;• only responsible parties
need apply. PETER NELSON. Upper FruitvA.e.
fi;L;F,nf| NEW MODKRN 9-R.O iM HOUSE.
«jpU*JUU. garret and basement;- all finished
and cemented; steam heating apparatus all com-
plete: gas and electric lighting; lot 45x112; worth,
$bOOO, but must be sold : ' north - side Knox ■ place,
bet." Telegraph aye. and Grove St. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. • • - -■,>■..-...:.:■,■
«Bi9£t^fl 7-HOOM MODERN COTTAGE;
«lp.<i.UtJU. bath, ; basement and ' stable: nice
lawn and driveway; lot 50x168: north side Thirty-
second si., between Telegraph aye. and Grove St.;
easy terms: must be sold on account of mortgage.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
dTjOOAA NEW 2-STORY 6-ROOM HOUSE;
«JpZiOvl/. just noshed; all modern; Improve-
ments; lot : 40x135; Derby St., near Grove: terms
to suit customer. .A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway,
Oakland. : ■ . ■.'.
ffi|ll Al| ;4-ROOM.COTTAGE: HIGH BASE-
§I I All ment and COTTAGE: HIGH lot 27.x
-LJ-UU. ment and bath; all complete: Jot 27x
9O;t6th- su, nr. Market; easy terms: this is a
bargain. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Oanland.
(Uj»j/^^.(| : *-»i"XV; 6 :RuOMS;f NEW OR
{Hi— Uuv/. modern Improvements; lot 52x100;
Twenty-third st., near Twenty-fifth Rye.. East
Oakland ; terms to suit customer. A. ■H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. •
fflj "\rkni \ WK ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL,
tfljUUUv. among other prorerty; a fine 9-room
house, all modern < and complete, with large corner
lot 45x:03;NE. cor. Kighteenth and Castro sts.:
this property is worth $7' 00: easy terms. -- Call or
address A. H. BLuW. 1010 Broadway. Oakland. ;;
(Sjiy^H : A FINK MODERN COTTAGE;
iIpJLtTiUW. bath and high basement; Iot2oxll4:
on Valdez st., near Park aye.', East Oakland; $100
cash, balance s small monthly ■ payments. : A. H.
BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland. .-.
QA^Clft A BEAUTIFUL NEW. AND MOD-
«JPI«->UU. em ■■ house of eight rooms; laundry
and bath: all plumbing nickel-plated and open and
of the very finest; plate glass; two flue mantels:
a larce basement with cement floor and entirely
plastered overhead; electric; gas-llgbting; beauti-
fully tinted throughout: cement wa ks and fenc-
ing complete; ati excellent' neighborhood with
electric cars one block distant; lot 50x150: inves-
tigate- this before you buy; no trouble to show the
property. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth st.
ft! '-inn BEAD THIS— WE OFFER A 6-
<3P IOUU. room cottage and lot. -27x130, for
$17. per month only, and no cash down; a bar-
gain. ALDEN <fe KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oaklan 1. : : ..'■.■■ - ■:; -j ;•.,-:,;•...'.,,' -. ; , ■ »■■
. . ILL IT PA\ ?.-■'• Y.ES!! SEE ALLENDALE
" Tract at once. Buy a $76 lot or upward for a
home or paying investment: Frultva adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland ; : level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized: only a few left: line school: 2 electric roads
near Iy : conveyance free: $.*> cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth st., Oakland, and 630 Market 5.., S. F.
H. Z" JONES, owner.|: .--■----■■•-
-oakland cottages.
a r— in fruitvaleTterminaiTtract,
T" close to Fruitvale sta.; or will sell: $50 cash;
b«l. *14 pr mo. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mkt.
, v. OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
UNN Y ROOM "oVERTIob^INGIIOSTBEAU-
tj tifui xarden in Oakland; $6 or music lessons.
S. D. box 66, Call. ' .
HE ARLINGTON, SE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington : sis', OAkland; a few choice suites
can now te obtained: table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
OAKLAND r FURNITURE FOB SALE.
"vtM^TR^^DTAiSnjN^DS^lBY^^
V» BCHKLLHAAB. furniture-dealer. llth.Qakld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VOUK TtKJIS ARE OURS. -~—
S.9AAA HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE; 6
<JpOUUU.; rcoms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. G. . . . :.-. ; ; . .. . , : ; .;
mjtJT^fl *25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 37:8
«jn^( I O\J% xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOT& •'
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
*i ARCUSE & REMMEL, Contractors and Home
Builders, 'Bay-st. station, Alameda, Lai. Tel.2.
San Francisco office, 628 Market street,
Office open Sundays ana holidays- '
Art ll 2-STORY, 7-RUOM HOUSK, cot-
<3)GUvM'.,ta?e, 6 rooms, large lot; former price
$4500: must be sold. ..F. BAIRD, 1303 Park
St., Alameda. »'t i '-»"^ t ' ; ':'•- ■■-:■■--■■"■: 1\ '■'.".
9»JAA TO $6000— NEW AND MODERN
«Jp Zii)\J\.t houses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers.
JOSEPH A. Lfc-ONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St.. \1hI111i1:,. --■';. ■' ' -: '•■■■; •<■ •■■■"' -'•':■■
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSB I o"L^T^^O^M^B^TI£rLARGE
yard. 1827 Pacific aye, Alnmeda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. - \
GOOI> HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR~SALB
on easy tprrai ■' O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate,
bulldlns and loans. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley. ■
JOS EPri J. MASON. kkal ESTATE AND
Insurance mrent. Herkelev starn. arijotnlnz hank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT-HOUSE OF 10 BOOMS AND
bath, with garden and lawn in front, large or-
chard, also some pasture land; entire place com-
prises about 10 acres; street macadamized; 'five
minutes' walk to train making half-hourly trips to
city." For further information call or address A. J.
SNVDERACO., 467 Mnth St., real estate brok-
ers, Oakland. ... •' ' . . .:.
OR RE. NT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
on rensonable terms— A. completely furnished
house of- 10 rooms, bath and . laundry; stable,
chlekenhouse: rose.B, etc.: convenient to railway,
school and : university. ' Address . House, box 63,
Call « ffl c. .-■'•- ■:■- ■. ■
' : MONTEREY REAL ESTATE. . ,".'
i >)XA/V iNiiAli HOTEL DEL XuNTE; ON
«3* £OVJ\f. a lake; 2-story house, barn; chicken-
house; 12 lots, all in fruit and 6 kind* of berries;
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; must be
sold ■:■ immediately. F. C. CALDVVEi^L, owner,
325 Ninth St.. Oakland. - -
PROPERTY~Tb" : EXCHANGE.
1 HO ITBAB^vXcAVrLiiB. SOLAirO
LUU County, all under cultivation: good house,
barn, etc. ; will trade in equity for San Francisco
or. Oakland property, improved or 11 11111 roved;
cash value $8000. AddressjK. A., box 99, Call.
ALFSKCTIONOFGOODLANDINTULARE
XI County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or Sail Francisco. ' Address A, box 87
Pali Office.; - . ; .
"lOWA ACRES Xl:>iBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J Zil}\ r «»tfr: fln»fnrrntnp-rnlHing. N..hx.l6.Cail
......',:■' -LEGAL: notices. V ..-,.■
otice-^ 'not ic e~ is iier eby^g?vkn"to
x\ the District Attorney of San Franchco County
that I. the undersigned, 'intend to apply to the
honor* be >tate Board of I Prison Directors for the
privilege of being paroled, at a meeting of the said
board, to be held nt ban Quentln Prison on the
lath day of September, 1896. : RuBEKT BEN-
NETT. :■ ■■: v '■; ■ > v. r. -'.-:• , ... ..•■•;
PURSUANT TO A • DECRKb. OB' • *UKii«j±.O-
-i sure and sale,' made in the Circuit Court of the
First ' Circuit ' of •. the republic of •. Hawaii May 12.
1896, . notice is - hereby given ■ that .the - property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at tne | Courthouse (Aliloluni - Hale) In Honolulu,
island of Oabn, U. 1., on Wednesday, August 26, -
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. . ,i P. C. JONEs,
; ..,.-., Receiver of Lanai Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Lanai, comprising 11,500
ceres more or less in lee simple, and leases ; of 48,- ■
640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable ot which Ido not expire until 1916; '
the annual rentals are about $1800. .' . -
. This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
i'i:g ample houses .for. all ■ purposes, all in good re-
pair, with < interns, * wooished and Dress, and a
; flock of 24,000 sheep,' 560 head of , Cattle and 200
horses by actual count. -^->- - •; ■■ -
I 'Ihe lanls are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 - head: of cattle. , As a sheep run it Is
the most valuable on tne islands. . The lands ' now
owned and controlled by present .owners virtually
control the entire is and or Lanai.t '
 ■ There are rich, grasses suitable; for breeding and
fattening of stock,' and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
Island. ■. :■■■■•■' ■■'■"'■,.' ::•--; t ~: \. •■'": : .:.•*•'... ■jr
: :. Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. ■-.■-.■ '.:'.-■■: ■*
: A map showing all the lands : controlled by • the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
oe sold can be seen and further particulars can be '
bad at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St.. San Francisco. -'--. ...:-■:- v ■■.--.-.
-,- Terms of sale will De cash in United States gold
coin. ■;■■■-'.-■■--■■'---:--'•-: - ; ■ ■ '•" - ". :-;• ■ ■•■-■. .
■ Honolulu, May 15, 1896. , .
-. ':-■■■"/■■> P. C. JONES. Receiver.'-'
mHE OLD SNA XX DRTj<i STORK. i486 BUTTER
X st., will be gold August 15, 1896; all bids must
op in writing and presented i to me at my office at
410 Kearny st., room 12. on or before 9 o'clock
a. x. of August 15, 1896.! for further particulars
apply to N. FRANKLi v; Assignee. 410. Kearny.
; storage;:. •;■ ' y,' ■•■:'
STORAGE— CHE APKHTTN^rH V
L proof building; advances made. ; 211 Larkin." ■-;
;TJ>URN ITURK.-' V. PI ANOS, ■--■ TRUNK-*; >-"A D- >
J vances, shipping. CHA.-J. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
AB. SMITH FURNITURE ; CO., 132 ELLIS;
» low ratps:'flre-iiroof building: I'.asfrn ' plan. '
X ..,':'-y A Library in Bangkok. '. r J'.-'.'(;^ :l
: Bangkok, the capital of Siam, baa had a
free public r library siuce '- last i November,
which .: is '-'< used by; » a * thousand ' readers
weekly. Once a week lectures are -given
which are well attended by attentive au-
diences. Though the weekly educational
periodical Rajatbhisneka has died, the
monthly Vajtranan^the Dhammacaksu,
which is religions,' and the Yuddba Kosa,
devoted to military matters and interna-
tional law, still flourish.' Of newspapers the
Siam Observer and Bangkok Times print
the 1 news » both iin i English : and Siamese,
bat the 'DhammaBatvinicchal is written
entirely. in; Siamese- 7 "'; -. .-' -/■; ; . : ; '-Vr ■-'■■'
3iA*:UIAGK .. UCJ&NCMM.
1 he following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: .
O. Richterand Paula Ehrenberg. 89-27.
! G. C. Sml h and Theo. A. Bell, 31—21. -j-
> 3. Zak and Berta Omlln . 31—22.
M. L. Ksqueda and Soledad Domingnez, 'J7— 29.
H. C. Newth and Louise L. Harrier. 23—18.
" A. Schllchtmannand EmmaHachmann, 24—19.
*:, a. Greenfield and Johannai Uerrocher, 129— 20.
K. A. Swan and Grace L. Edgar, 27—18.
C. L. Djnouoe and Jessie Keith. 30—25.
H. sleroty and Ella Frie.llander, 27— •it.- -, ■
the; divorce RECORD.
Complaints Sled:. . -T~T"~.
, Bertha Luders against, Edward Luders.
7 Floret.a Doyle against James Doyle.
Divorce granted: :'
: Mary Gibbs Hobnrg from Frank T. Hoourg, for
extreme cruelty : by Judge Hunt. .
Ann Tracy from William Tracy, for desertion;
by Judge Slack. : . .- ■
Km ma J. Hendy from George W. Hendy, for de-
sertion; by Judge Hunt.
Eliza Walters from John Walters, for desertion ;
by Judge Sanderson. .-. . •
Lull 115 JlA likl CaS- 1/Mlllsi
f Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They mas. be handed in at
either of the publication offices and • be indorsed
with the name and residence of persona aiub.orize.l
to have the same published.]
UORN.
CANELO— In this city, August 8, to the wife Of D.
i Canelo, a son.
GRIFFITH— In Berkeley, Augnst 11, 1896, to the
..wife of Robert S. Griffith, a daughter.
LEVY— In this city. August 12, 1896. to the wife
-': of Jacob Levy, a son. . ■
BYAN— In this city ; July 31, 1896, •to trie wife of
. John Ryan, a daughter. ..
SMITH— In this city, August 14, 1836, to the wife
of Geortre Smith, a son. . . ■ . • . ■ -.
: MARRIED. .','."■■  .
CAVARLY— In this city, August 5,
1*96. by the Rev. William D. Williams, E. P.
Hulme and Julia F. Cavarly, both of ban Frau-
cisco. ;::,., , . .- : .. :.. . , 4 ,
JAMES-McCANN— In this city, July 29, 1896,
by the Rev. William D. Williams, Edwin James
and Mary J. McCann, both or San Francisco. ;. .-.
MANNING— RILEV-In this city.' August 12,
1896, by the Rev. Father Egan. John W. Man-
■ ning and j Katie A. Rilev, both of San Francisco.
MONTAGUE-PETERSON— In this city. August
12, 1893, Charles G. Montague of San Francisco
and Ella Peterson of San Luis Oblspo. '
SEWTH-HAKiiFR- In this city, August 13,
1898. by the". ..'. William D. Williams. Henry
C. Newth and Louise L. Harrier, both of Ala-
. meda. i" v^v .
BOMAINE— DARE— this city, August . 12,
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Spauldlng. Theodore K.
. Romaine of Oosnen, Ind., and Nellie K. Dare.
DIED.
Christiansen, Charles Gartenberg. A.
Cool. Mrs. A Hoe J. Keating. Robert P. < -
Coghlan. Timothy, W. Levy, Samuel > > . .
Divoll, William S. O'Brien. William
Fjord. Juliane .' Peck, Jatn>j K.
■-Foster. Annie <v •■ Scully, Anne
Gan'ion. Georgia ; . Sliskovich, Martin'
Guloi, Mary Qprln?. Francis S.
■ Thompson, Sarah .
CALEDONIAN CLUB— Members of the Caledo-
nian Club are requested to attend I the funeral of
- our deceased clansman. Duncan Chisbolm, from
• the undertaking parlors of J. C O'Connor, 767
Mission street. THIS DAY (Saturday), at J
o'clock P. M. f V;v D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
-;;■£ Jaueb H. Dc ;cak. Secretary.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city. August 13, 1893.
Charlie Ludwlg Christiansen, beloved son of
Christian and Sophie Christiansen, and brother
of Otto, Frank and William Christiansen, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and
13 days. iiniißiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriwiiiiiiiT
. -Friends an acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DA if
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from his late resi-
dence, 5221 Twenty-fourth street, corner Capp.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COOL-In this city, August 13, 1896. Mrs. Alice
Jo-ile Cool, beloved wife of William Cool of Reno,
Nev.. a native of Nevada, aged .26 years 11
'months and 1 2 dara. . . ■• • •
COGHLAN— In this city, August 14, 1896, Timo-
thy W., beloved son of Daniel C. and the late
Mary C. Co?hlan ; and ' brother of John P.. D L.,
D. M.. J. H.. Mary C. and T. V. Coschlan. a native
" of Nevada County,' Cal., ag«d 18 years 7 mouths
and 7 days.-" : . • ■ • •' : ;
jSSTFriends i and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday)." at 7:30 o'clock a. *.. from the resi-
dence of his father, 30 Hausch street, thence to
St» Joseph's Church, where, a solemn, requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock a. m. inter-
/ ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIVOLL— At Agnews, Cal.. Align.-; 12. 1896. Wil-
liam S. Divoll, aged 32 year* 5 months and 29
. days. • • .
FJORD— In Alamecia. August 10, 1896, Juliane,
beloved wife of Lorens Fjord and mother of Mrs.
W. C. Logan and Mrs. U. E. Bain, of Astoria,
Or., Julia, Meta, Carl and Rudolph Fjord, and
sister of Otto, Adolph and George Bertelsen and
: Mrs. Pauline Martens, a native of Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged SO years 6 months and 13 days.
*y Friends and acquaintances are respect- <
fully Invited to attend the funeral .THIS DAY
(^.iturdav), at 1:30 o'clock p. x., from the
German Lutheran Church. Lafayette street, be-
tween Santa Clara and Central avenues. Ala-,
meda. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FOSTER— In LI vermore, August 12, 1896. Annn,
wife of Captain E. Foster, and mother of Mrs.
H. K. Osborn, Mrs. George W. Van Alstlne and
. Edward, Annie, Lizzie and Arthur Foster, a na-
tive of Cheshire, England, aged . 67 years and 8
-months.
' *y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral service*
THIS DAY (Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock a.m.,
at : St. Stephen's Episcopal ' Church, 824 Fulton
street, between Webster and Flllmore, can Fran- |
cisco, Cal. - Interment private.
GANNON— In this city, August 14, 1896, Georgia, '
beloved . son of William and Elizabeth Gannon,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 months.
GUIOL —In this city, Angust 13, 1896, Mary,
beloved ■ wife of Fred M. Gniol, and daughter of
Joseph and Catherine Gassman and sister of
Josepn F. Gassmann and Mrs. Emily Stuparlcb,
a native of France, aged 37 years 1 month and
11 days. ■M4MPV*4W*O>MSMMESH
IST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 . o'clock r. it., trom Foresters'
Hall, 102 O'Farrell street. Interment I. O. O, F.
Cemetery.' . :
C. O. F.— lvanh^e Circle No. 126, C. O. F.: Yon
are hereby notified to assemble at A. O. F. Hall,
: 102 O'Farrell street, : at 1 : 30 o'clocic p. if., TO-
< MORROW (Sunday), to attend the funeral cf
: our late companion, Mary Guioi. . . ' .
.■-■■ MRS. M. A. OSBORN, F. S.
Mrs. A. Pkjtbebthy. C. C. ■
GARTENBERG— In this city, August 14, 1896.
A. GartenberK, a native of Germany, aged 75
.- years. .;"'-..■. ■- ' : . ■
KEATING— In ..Virginia City, Nev., August 13,
1896, Robert P. ; Keating, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Keating, a native of Memphis. Term.
. If I'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW .
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. v., from the resi-
dence of .Mrs. M. A. O'Sullivan, 1025 Bush
street, thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes
street and Van Ness avenue, where a solemn re-
: quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock
ia. X. Interment Mount ■ Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LEVY— In this city, August 14, 1896. Samuel, be-
loved husband of Ella Levy and father of Mrs. '
■H. Goldman, Mrs. F. Goldman ' and Rosa and
Ben Levy, a native of Poland, aged 44 years.
jfy Friends and acquiantances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 224 Eleventh street, thence by 11:80
■j train to New Salem Cemetery tor Interment. •
A. L. or Members of Alta Council No. 147, A.
L. of H., are hereby requested to attend the
' funeral of our late companion, Samuel Levy, as
per notice above. ■---,
H. GOLDMAN, Commander.
. - WrLi,iAK Mktzxkk, Secretary. :
O'BRIEN— In this city. August 14,1896, William
i O'Brien, beloved husbaud of Jennie O'Brien,
a native of Buffalo. State of New York, aged
i 35 years 11 months and 14 days. ... '.;". ,-.«^^
PECK— In Oakland, August 13, 1896. James R.
• Peck, a native of Ontario, Wayne County, N. V.,
'aged 52 years and 11 months. .. ■ . .-.. '•..
SCULLY— In this city, \. August 13, 1896, Anne
Scully, beloved mother of Mrs. J. . C. O'Brien.
■• Mrs. M. Farren.Mrs. Nora Williams and Edward
; J. ' Scully. '■ a native of i Carrlck-on-Bulr. v County
Tippsrary, Ireland, a;ed »8 years 4 months and
'• 13 da vs. f Boston papers please copy. J . :
. . AS^Friends and acquaintances > are respect-
;■; fully invited to attend too funeral' TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:80 o'clock a. h., from her late
- residence. 1223 Bush ■ street (rear), thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
' rt-11 street, v where .a ' solemn • requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
- mencing ;at ' 9 o'clock ra.;m. \ ■' intermaiu Holy
:.-. Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.' <."i£g&fi
SLISKOVICH— In this city. August 14, 1896,
Martin ;isliskovich, ■ a native of San Francisco,
: azed 7 years 8 months ana 16 days. ,' :
SPRING— In this city, August 14, 1896. Francis
. a Spring, a native of Newburyport, Mass., aged
67 years. < s^ena^af^PMpMHwritt
} ; .j^Notice of funeral hereafter. ; :
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
" August 14, 1836, Sarah Thompson, aged 39
; yearj. ;;; '. \'-.. ''-:'■■:/■■:■■■: " v.. .-■•--■ -.'-- ,
I McAVOY 4 GALLAGHER, I
I FONKRAI DIRECTORS k EMBALMEBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
' ' Telephone 3080. "^(J^
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location i unexcelled. 5 Office 897 MarkoC
Btreet, souiUe&si coruer ot SUta, - '. .
1516
"THOU SH ALT NOT KILL"
[THE DECALOGUE.]
Should Civilization, in t^e <Name of «Mercy,
JAodify That Law of Humankind to
JAeet Cases Where Incurable Disease
jWak.es Life a Hopeless Jlgony?
In a sermon delivered in the city of Oakland last Sunday Dr. C. W. Wendte, after
reviewing the moral ascent of mankind from primitive and brutal savagery to its pres
ent social refinement, sympathy and tenderness toward all forms of suffering, spoke
of the deplorable condition of the incurably diseased, especially if also impoverished.
He urged the establishment of wards for incurables in connection with all public
hospitals.
"But," he continued, "a step beyond this is needed, and it is one whicn civilized
society is about ready to take. I refer to the humane disposal of those who are suffer
ing needless and cruel tortures, and whose death is inevitable. Why seek, as now, to
prolong their agonies? Why exhaust the resources of medical science to keep them in
misery? Would it not be a more Christian act to put them gently out of pain? We
mercifully erjd the life of a suffering horse or dog whose restoration is impossible.
Shall we be lesß merciful to our humankind than to the brute creation?
"But who is to take the responsibilty in such a case? Certainly not the medical
man. On the battle-field some latitude may be allowable to him, and doubtless many
a poor •nattered victim of sword and bullet, whose recovery was impossible, and
whose further exposure to the pitiless elements or the rude appliances of the field hos
pital would have been a needless cruelly, was humanely put to death by the adminis
tration of a sleeping potion at the hands of the wise and tender surgeon. But in the
ordinary course of life no single individual is to be entrusted with so grave a responsi
bility.
"Shall we then continue as now, powerless to relieve the fearful suffering of so
many unfortunates, turning a deaf ear to their entreaties and leaving them one
resource — suicide ?
"Some time since an engineer was hurled over a trestle and pinned under his
engine in the bed of & creek. He implored the bystanders to shoot him and put an
end to his agony. In vain. At length the rising tide, more merciful than man,
pressed to his lips the blissful potion of death. Was this refusal to relieve the suf
ferer right ? Was it not cruel and un-Christian?
"Under similar circumstances the victims have been known to commit suicide. It
is equally so where a wasting disease, for which no earthly alleviation exists, tortures
our brother's frame and dooms him to a hideous death. Surely, in such a case help
and relief should be brought him if he asks it at our hands.
"Twenty -five years or more ago an engineer of eminence in France, afflicted with
a terrible inherited disease, of which he had seen his own father perish under aggra
vated tortures, took his own life. In his will he explained the motive of his deed and
left to the French Government a large bequest for the establishment of a commission
on euthanasia. It was to consist of a number of medical men and representatives of
the Government. To this tribunal was to be submitted any petition for examination
and release which might be submitted by the incurably diseased and indorsed by their
families. If they were found incapable of recovery, and sure to endure great and
needless agony, the commission was to be empowered to gently and humanely put
them out of suffering and give them a release into a better world. The French Gov-
PMment, largely influenced it was claimed by clerical counsels, declined to accept the
trust.
"In this, I believe, it did wrong. Though I appreciate the difficulties attending
the matter, and what special danger to society it may seem to carry with it, I yet be
lieve that the time is rapidly approaching when under proper safeguards euthanasia
will be considered eminently w^e, humane and Christian.
"God speed the day when men shall rid themselves of theological and personal
prejudices and act as justice .dictates and mercy requires."
The opinions of prominent thinkers of this
City on Dr. Wendte's utterances with refer
ence to the modification in the name of mercy
and for the relief of hopeless life-agony
among humankind of that universal law of
civilisation, "Thou shalt not kill," will be
read with, the deep interest that the solemn
subject demands.
DR. WENDER IS FIRM.
"I firmly stand by all that I have said."
This was the remark made by Rev. Dr.
Wendte last nit;ht at his residence in Oak
land. "Many have talked with me con
cerning the mercy of terminating the
existence of those who suffer hopelessly
with incurable diseases. Most or these
have agreed with me. After •! had made
my remarks on the subject, which have
been published. Dr. Burchard, a well
known Oakland physician, stepped up and
said that he was glad that I had spoken in
that way. I have heard that Rev. Dr. Mc-
Lean has expressed much the same
opinions some years ago.
"Now society already recognizes the
right to take human life under certain
conditions. There is capital punishment
for murder. We are justified by society
in taking human life in defense of our
own, or in opposition to a burglar or other
criminal who might assault us with mur
derous intent. Society also admits the
right to take life on a large scale in wars,
both offensive and defensive. Why does
not such right exist when the object is
■olely to lessen human misery? The
great difficulty is, of course, in having
this right given to the individual judg
ment of one individual. Yet it is un
doubtedly true that when physicians give
opiates to hopelessly sick persons this
is only one way of taking human life."
"What have you to say to the argument
that this is wrong because sufferings and
trials are sent to improve and strengthen
the soul?"
"If that argument is carried out to its
logical end." said Dr. Wendte, "and is of
general practical operation, it would pre
vent all efforts to alleviate pain and
misery, as you can see easily. If pain is a
good thing then toothache is good and
ought not to be alleviated. Ido not think
that any one person ought to be permitted
to exercise individual final judgment;
nor should the petition of a sick man for
relief be granted without the consent of
his family. The safe way would be to have
a commission composed of members of the
Board of Health and one or two jurists or
representatives of the Government."
Rev. Dr. Wendte also told of a circum
stance or series of circumstances which
have been brought to his notice by a lady
since he made his views public. This lady
has told him that her father suffered
agony without hope of betterment for
years. There was no chance that he could
recover. Finally, after long-drawn-out
misery he requested his family to put him
out of pain. They agreed that this would
be only mercy, and that it would surely
be right. They requested their family
physician to bring relief and he increased
the sizf of the dose of morphine so that
the sufferer passed painlessly away. The
HEW TO-DAT.
Eczema baby
yZOliSi BABY
Grew Worse under Treatment of Best
Physician*. Tried
' CUTICURA REMEDIES
Great Change In Five Days and To-day is
Entirely Cured.
My baby had Eczema in its worst form.
One of the best physicians in the city attended
her, bat she continued to get worse all the
time. He finally admitted he was at his wits'
end. I then got C ctticuka. Remedies, and in
a/eta day* noticed a great change in. her con-
dition. She continued to improve and to-day
it entirely cured, has nice head of hair, and is
lively and hearty. I spent considerable money
for drugs and doctor's bills, which was useless.
J. B. JACOBS, 2031 Wilkins Aye., Bait., Md.
Speedy Coke TMATSfllfT.'— Warm bath* with Ctrri- -;
ccea Soap, ctntle applications of C cticuka (ointment),
therrcat skin core, and mild dose* of Cdticcsa Kisol-
TSirr, greatMl of humor cures. . ■, ■ i i
Sold throughout the world. Price. Cdticcsa SOe.t
Soap. 2«c : Rbsolv«ht.soc. andfl. fomi Dido a*d
Cbeh. Corp.. Bole Prip».. Boston. •'■■ ;• -■- ■■' s .
«*• " How to Cure Ererj Skin Humor," mailed free. '
family, so the lady told Rev. Dr. Wendte,
have blessed the physician ever since.
Rev. Dr. Wendte told also of the case of
a Chinese leper in Oakland some years
ago. The man was suffering with leprosy
in the last stages. He was virtually ban
ished, being given a cabin in the hills.
No one came nearer than 150 feet to him
when food was to be delivered to him.
Rev. Dr. Wendte and some members of his
congregation went to see him and entered
his cabin. He was suffering more trom
cruelty than he was from disease, so Dr.
Wendte says. His greatest fear was that
ne would be sent to the pesthouse. Two
days after he was visited the unfortunate
sufferer committed suicide. Many people
have been driven to suicide by cruelty and
neglect.
A DANGEROUS THEORY.
"I do not believe that any degree of men
tal or physical suffering can justify the
deliberate destruction of the life of the
sufferer," declared Judge James G. Ma
guire, "'either by himself or at his request,
or upon the judgment of others that death
would be a blessed reiiel from incurable
pain.
"I can imagine many cases in which a
speedy and easy death would be infinitely
preferable to the continuance of a life of
hopeless suffering, but I cannot admit the
principle that human life may be right
fully destroyed on that account.
"By this I mean that the administration
of medicine or gas or other deadly sub
stances or agency for the primary purpose
of causing death is never justifiable, be
cause it is a denial of the inviolable sa
credness of human life, in the recognition
of which lies the only safety of human
society and the only course consistent
with man's responsibility to his Creator.
"Pain should be relieved, and sufferinc,
mental and physical, ailayed, even by the
use of means which are cenain to shorten
life, if they be the best and safest means
available. But the primary purpose of
using such means should always be to re
lieve or alleviate the pains or suffering and
never to produce deatn."
A HEINOUS BIN.
"Under no circumstances is a man jus
tified in taking human life," was Dr.
Win slow Anderson's emphatic statement.
"There is no disease that may not be
ameliorated by judicial treatment, and
many seemingly hopeless cases occasion
ally do recover.
"But on a much higher ground than
that of medicine in pimply ameliorating
suffering, we are not entitled to the privi
lege of taking that which we cannot give;
namely, life.
"I would say under no circumstances
would I excuse any medical man for tak
ing the life of a human being in the way
which the learned divine suggests."
THINKS IT MERCIFUL.
"I think," said Professor Gustav Eisen,
"that in the main, Dr. Wendte is right.
However, I do not see tow it would be
possible to permit physicians to take
human life under any circumstances, as
they might misuse the power vested in
them. It would be the easiest thing in
the world for a doctor to'take a man's life
by claiming that the disease with which
the patient was suffering could not be
cured.
'•In my opinion, the state should furnish
institutions where such people could be
put out of misery under certain definite
safeguards. But then another difficulty
would have to be considered even then.
"For instance, people might bring rela
tives there upon whose lives they had de
signs and the same things would happen
there that have made many asylums ior
the insane gain such notorious and un
enviable reputation*.
"The question remains, Which will be
the most useful to humanity at large— to
allow people to suffer or to allow a man to
be put to death who might have been
cured ?
"I think it would be very well to try it
as an experiment, but we are rapidly ap
proaching the time now when certain dis
eases heretofore deemed incurable must
yield to the skill of science. There is, in
deed, excellent reason to think that all
diseases caused by microbes will in time
be found to be curable.
"Such an instance of an engineer being
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1896.
pinned down by his engine will always
remain. I do not believe that in such a
case any of the bystanders could be
found courageous enough to put the man
to death, even if the law permitted it.
Under such circumstances medical men
are very seldom present to attend to the
matter.
"As I have had no time to consider this
question, which is fraught with so much
of interest to humanity, I cannot delve
deeply into the philosophy of it; but in
the main, however, I think Dr. Wendte's
theory is both just aud humane. The
difficulty lies wholly in applying it. Cer
tain safeguards would be indispensable."
•
"DE. WENDTE IS BIGHT."
••As I can hardly be considered a physi
cian," said Dr. Dunbar, president of ; the
College of Dentistry; "I do not feel that
my opinion should be given on such an
important matter. But from what thought
I have given to the subject I will say that
I fully agree with Dr. Wendte.
: "It would not be murder to put hope
less incurables out of their misery, but on
the contrary would be a mercy. And vet
I must admit that such ideas are really a
little ahead of the age, and the methods
of applying ; them are still ; to be solved.
But, theoretically. Dr. Wendte is right."
,:- »
THEOSOPHY'S VIEW.
•'I believe there is no possible combina
tion of circumstances which would justify
the cutting short of human life," Dr.
Jerorue A. Anderson emphatically de
clared.
"Theosophy teaches that this is a world
governed by cause and effect. There are
no accidents, nor are there any miracles or
interpositions of divine Providence in
favor of any individual men, nor the set
ting aside of law in answer to prayer or
anything of that nature whatever.
"Therefore when a person finds himself
in any given set of circumstances, those
circumstances could only arise through a
cause of law. Therefore a man only makes
a mistake in attempting to violate that
law. Acute misery is the result of causes
set up either in this life or in some past
one.
"It is the duty of every man to relieve
suffering by all means in his power, but
be who cuts life short does not relieve
suffering — he only postpones that ex
perience which the sufferer must un
dergo.
"I regard the teaching that it is justifi
able to destroy human life in order to
avoid suffering as a relic of ignorance and
barbarism. It reminds one of the old
Roman days, where upon tne slightest ex
cuse suicide was resorted to — a fact which
may explain the prevalence of suicide
now, as those old Romans are reincar
nating in tnis American race."
HUGH OEAIG SAYS NO.
Hugh Craig, chairman of the Chamber
of Commerce, is decidedly opposed to the
theory of Dr. Wendte.'
"I take no stock," he said, "in Dr.
Wendte's teachings, but if, on the con
trary, the doctors and their medicines
were kept away from patients their
chances of recovery would be infinitely
greater. The fact is, parsons and doctors
are vastly overestimated. The ecclesi
astical clans cannot agree with each other,
and unfortunately humanity is weak
enough to imagine that the homeopath,
the allopath, the bypnopath, the poly path
and all the other purveyors of poison,
know more about their systems than they
do themselves, and allow them to specu
late with their 'innards.'
I do not lllte you, Dr. Fell,
The reason why r cannot tell:
Bui this I know and know right well,
I do not like you, Dr. fell.
"1 claim that the doctors are responsible
for most of this. What we do want is
pure water, pure food, perfect sanitation
and plenty of sunshine, and then as Dr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes has said: 'If the
whole of our matena medica could be
sunk to the bottom of the sea it would be
better for mankind, but all the worst for
the fishes.' Then the doctors might take
to theology. .
"1 don't agree with Dr. Wendte in com
paring the life of a human being to tnat of
a suffering horse or dog. On the contrary,
as I said before, if the doctors will keep
their hands off and leave the patient to
Him 'from whom comet h every good and
perfect gift, with whom there is no varia
bleness nor shadow of turning,' the possi
bilities are that the constitution which his
Creator has given him will pull the patient
through."
CANNOT BE JUSTIFIED.
The Rev. Dr. Stebbins expressed his
opinion on the matter as follows:
"The idea that it would be well to end
the sufferings of incurables by painlessly
Killing them off seems to me a dreadful
one. The issues of life and death are in
the hands of God, and humanity has no
right to tamper with them. I understand
that Dr. Wendte did not actually advocate
anything of the kind, and therefore feel at
liberty to speak plainly on the matter.
"I recollect not long ago visiting the
Almshouse in company with a friend. As
we contemplated the wretched victims in
the infirmary, some consumed with dis
ease, others mentally darkened, and all
utterly miserable, my friend asked me
whether it would not be well to end their
woes by means of a painless death. I
answered:
" 'Death certainly would seem to be a
boon to these and many other poor suf
ferers, but will you take upon your soul
the responsibility of killing them? If
your qpn were an idiot or incurable would
you, could you consider it a duty to bring
about his death? I for one am fixed in the
belief that life is not to be taken by any
save the one who cave it.'
"Again, if it be right to make a clean
sweep ol the unhappy classes which we
are considering it must also be quite the
thing for a man beyond medical aid to do
away with himself. The line between ac
countable and unaccountable suicide can
not be drawn by any human band, but de
liberate suicide under any circumstances
seems to me an evidence of moral cow
ardice.
"I once knew a man, an Englishman,
who had evidently seen better days, who
kept a wayside inn in Sonoma County.
On one occasion when I stooped at his
place for lunch, he told me he had been
forced to endure a severe trial, ms barn
having been burned to the ground with
its contents, a beautiful mare, his most
valuable possession, perishing in the
flames. Seeing himself reduced almost to
beggary, the poor man was tempted to de
stroy himself.
" 'But,' he told me, 'my heart bore up,
and whenever the thought seized me I
would repeat the poet's noble words:
When the blandishments of life are gone
Cowards creep away and die;
The brave live on.
"To sum up, I do not believe that the
killing or suicide of idiots or incurables
can be justified, because the beginnings
and endings of human life are God's
affair; because there is a divine command
to the contrary; because suicide in par
ticular is cowardly, and because the lives
which may seem useless are often ap
parently intended by the divine wisdom
to serve as lessons in patience, forbearance
and mildness to others."
"WOULD BE HUMANE."
Dr. W. S. Thorn said : "I approve of
Rev. Dr. "Wendte's position. Indeed I was
about to write and tell him so. When
persons are ill of incurable diseases and
are certain to endure a long period of
agony without hope of any. relief except
ing through death and are of sound mind
and request to die, it would be Humane to
help them out of their pain. When an
animal is badly injured it is humanely
dispatched, and we know that this is
merciful. There are human beings who
would prefer to endure agony, such per
haps as the martyrs have suffered. That
is well. I would not approve of bringing
relief by death to any excepting those who
request it, and their cases should be
passed upon by a commission, which
need not necessarily be composed en
tirely of physicians.
"I have in mind one case where a culti
vated woman, who was suffering hope
lessly, appealed to rue to put morphine
where she could reach it, that she might
die. 'I will not ask you to give it to me,'
she said, 'but only place it where I can
reach it. 1 I refused her and told her that
if I did as she requested I would be, in
fact, a murderer — accessory before the fact.
But I favor the proposition advocated by
Rev. Dr. Wendte and consider it to be
humane."
A COWABDLY NOTION.
, "I should not care to shoulder the re
sponsibility of taking man's life under
any circumstances," asserted Dr. G. W.
Daywalt, "Lite is a thing no man can
give; why should he take the prerogative
of removing it? When science reaches
the point where life can be given, then
perhaps it justly can be taken.
"Not comprehending the mysteries of
life, no man should allow his sympathy
for suffering to induce him to take it.
We cannot tell what psychological change
may occur that would affect the individual
man even in one hour of life. No man liv
ing knows the effect of suffering on the
mind. For that reason a physician should
do what he can to relieve suffering and
pain and let nature have her course.
"In the case of some horrible accident or
the last stages of an incurable disease I
would administer an opiate to put the man
at ease.
"In my opinion it would show abject
cowardice on the part of a physician to
kill a man simply because he thought the
disease incurable. For instance, several
years ago a man with several gunshot
wounds in his abdomen would have been
a good case for a painless death potion in
case an opiate or anesthetic were not at
hand. To-day that same man would be
put under the influence of an anesthetic
and have the wouuds treated with good
hope of recovery. In time all diseases
may be found to be curable. Again, one
physician might think a man should be
killed when another would cure him."
NO POLICE KINDERGARTEN
Captain Gillen's Men Were
Desirous of a Secret
Ballot.
Mrs. Cooper's Philanthropic Plats
Were Defeated by a Vote of
Three to One.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper is sad. Captain
Gillen of Seventeenth and Howard streets
Police Station is also in a state of mental
collapse. It is all due to the failure of
Mrs. Cooper's plan for establishing a kin
dergarten.
The scheme has been buried so deep be
neath the patrolman's ballots that ita re
incarnation is dubious. About the middle
of June Mrs. Cooper went to Captain Gil
len and elucidated ncr idea of establishing
a kindergarten U be maintained at the
expense of the police south of Market.
Bhe also desired one instituted north of
Market, to be maintained by the police in
that part of the City.
Captain Gillen consulted Spiliane and
both agreed that if the plan met with fa
vor in the eyes of their men an endeavor
would be made in that direction.
Captain Spiliane at once went to prose
lyting. It took from the middle of June
till a few days ago to bring the men round,
but they finally agreed to support the pro
posed institution.
Then Captain Gillen took the matter up.
Last Wednesday evening a meeting was
called for 5 o'clock at the Seventeenth and
Howard street station. About sixty men
were present. They were mostly opposed
to establishing a kindergarten, but all
hesitated to avow themselves openly.
Patrolman Blackinan, at the desire of
the rest, acted as spokesman for the occa
sion. He arose and asked that the ballot
ing in the matter be secret. The motion
was carried by three to one.
Each man wrote "yes" or "no," as he
felt inclined, on a small slip of paper, and
dropped it into a large bandbox passed
around the circle. Patrolman Fontana
took the slips out of the box and read the
votes.
The tally was kept by Sergeant Martin,
and the result was that every man who
had risen and voted fora secret ballot was
found to have carried his convictions to
the bandbox.
Even if the plan had been approved,
Mrs. Cooper's choice of teacher in the
person of a young lady now in her own
kindergarten would not have been adopted,
as those in favor of the proposition wanted
the place filled by a daughter of the de
ceased Sergeant Blackhurst.
Attorney Ash Exonerated.
Recently W. W. Robinson and C. H.
Williams were arrested in Redding on a
charpe of falsifying a deed. A warrant
was also issued for Attorney Robert Ash
of this City, on the assumption that, as
he was the attorney for the accused, he
must have been privy to the alteration
made to the deed. Mr. Ash went up to
Redding and returned to-day with the fol
lowing duly certified document:
Redding, Cal., Aug. 13, 1896.
Robert Ash Esq. — Dear Sib: The charges of
misdemeanor and a charge of felony against
W. YV. Robinson, C. H. Williams and Robert
Ash were fully investigated by me in court in
this city, and I assure you that all the charges
were unfounded and that there was no evi
dence to support either of said charges. I only
investigated the cases to clear youotany blame
in the whole matter. All of said charges were
properly dismissed by the court and you fully
exonerated. I have no hesitation in saying
that said charges were an outrage upon the
gentlemen arrested. M. P. Rosr,
District Attorney, Shasta County CaL
J. W. Garden,
Justice of the Peace, Redding Township.
HudelßON vindicated of his boyish indis
cretions in a red-hot article in the Star. •
A Schoolhouse on Fire.
Shortly after 12 o'clock last night the
Columbia schooltiouse on Florida street, be
tweeu Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh, was
discovered to be on fire and an alarm was
sounded from box 285. About $500 damage
was done before the blaze was put out. It
seems that enrly in the evening several boys
were playing iv the basement and it is sup
posed tb*t ihey started a small fire, which
they neglected to extinguish before leaviug.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THEY WILL FIGHT
CHINA'S EMPEROR,
How the Propaganda of
the New Party Is
Received.
THE LOCAL ASSOCIATION
The Hing Chung Woey Defi
nitely Establishes Itself
in this City.
FONG IS CHOSEN PRESIDENT.
China for the Chinese Is the Cry of
the Advanced Men of the
Race.
All Chinatown is intensely excited over
the incendiary attitude of the new Chi
nese association known as the Hing
Chung Woey. Those directly interested
in the movement claim to have received
substantial encouragement from those
patriotically inclined.
The first circular issued by the associa-
Fae-Simile of a Portion of the First
Circn ar Issued by the Hing Chung
Woey Association.
tion is directed principally against the
Emperor. The heading reads, "Regula
tion of Promotion of China," following
which conies the preface, as follows:
China has been in a delicate state for ages,
because they have not tried to promote their
condition but triflhiK in everything. The
ignorant people cani.ot foresee the advantages,
but the intelligent people only stand and sigh
for the condition. There are 400,000.000 peo
ple; the land is divided into thousands of lees.
If we try to Improve ourselves and be strong
we can conquer the whole world, but the pres
ent dynnsty is full of bribery, selling office for
money, robbing the people of their hard earn
ings, "tevourinß like tiger.s and never thinking
of bringing up the wealth from the earth.
Alas, dangerous; we are drowning In water
and burning in fire. If we do not try to im
prove ourselves we and our descendants will
be forever slaves.
Following this comes the rules and
regulations setting forth the requisites
necessary to membership. It reads:
First— The society is named the Promotion
of China, the main office being in China, and
from there spread It abroad.
Second— lt is the will of this association to
unite all good thinking people of China to
preach, to talk, the promotion of China. The
present Government is going downwaid every
day. The reason for this is the people are not
each one following their own ideas. They
never think that China once divided, our de
scendants will be forever slaves to other peo
ple, and we will not even have protection for
our own lives. Now come quickly. Think of
this diligently and contrive to restore the con
dition of things. China for thousands of years
has borne the name of civilization, and has
now sunk so low It will not prosper again
without the able people combine and learn of
modern improvements, and, united in one
heart, then the aaDger of China will be passed
and the peop.e will be at peace.
Third— The officers of this association must
devote their heart and snul to the promotion of
China, both in customs, conditions and in
learning, and thus bring the country to its
right pulse.
Fourth — Officers of the society shall be
changed every year. Everybody must be a
learned man and bear good character. One
president, one vice-president, one treasurer,
one secretary, one translator and a committee
of ten will constitute the officers. Each mem
ber must pay $5.
Fifth— No new members permitted to hold
office, and they must be recovered from the
old suciety, and they must be lovers of the
mother land. All members muat be received
publicly and must be carefully chosen, and
each member must bear a certificate from
some older society.
Sixth— The society should spread abroad as
much as possible, but all united as one. The
quorum shall be ten or more.
Seventh— The officers can be changed from
time to time, and members can be admitted
by certificates iroin other societies.
Eighth— The society must also form a joint
stock company at $10 a share, and ten of those
shares constitute an association. The mem
bers may draw the profits by costing lots, but
only will be allowed to draw $100 at a time.
Ninth— Each society must pay the expenses
of a meeting-place, for the purpose of bringing
the people together in order to educate them
concerning the needs of China.
Tenth— No aiterat;on will be allowed In the
rules, except such as would be of benefit to the
association. Every act must be prudent, and
all must exercise care and diligence in the ad
vancement of the society.
Tins circular was posted all over China
town, but during the night following
parties unknown made away with them.
Not the least discouraged the Hing Chunt?
Woey posted another circular, this one be
ing directed at Li Hung Chang. Wnile it
did not directly threaten the life of the
Viceroy it was couched in such language
as to leave no doubt of the real meaning.
Tie Chinese Consulate and his attend
ants decline to discuss the propaganda in
any way. When asked last night to trans
late the circular printed above they de
clined on the ground that such an act
would be nothing short of treason to the
Emperor.
One of the organizers of the new move
ment in this City is Lou Soon, who re
cently arrived from the Orient. With his
associates he has already succeeded in or
ganizing a branch, with a membership of
tifty. Walter N. Fone has been elected
president of the local association and in
future all meetings will be held at 923
Washington street.
NEW TODAT-^ETJIOODS. / ■.
satxTrdaV
specials
'■' "• — . A.'g ■ " — ' .
We close a week of WONDERFUL BARGAINS in SPRING and
SUMMER GOODS with
ANOTHER GREAT MARK-DOWN IN PRICES!
VEILING! HANDKERCHIEFS!
■ J±Jt ., GK Cents Each.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED : SHEER LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular price $1 50 a dozen, will be closed out at 6}^c each.
", 1 At2s Cents a ~TTa.TC<SL.
DOUBLE WIDTH CHENILLETTE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular price
50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard. .
• At SO Cents ZESctola..
BATISTE LACE COLLARS, sailor back, regular price $1 and $1 25, will be closed out
.; at 50c each. v
-. • .: At 51.50 Elaoli.
BUTTER ORIENTAL AND POINT VENISE LACE COLLARETTES, regular price
$2 50, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
- m a x^f j~^ ■M y jk f^y nt ■
LACE BOAS !
LACE, MOUSSELINE DE SOIE AND CHIFFON LACE RUFFLES, in a large
variety of patterns, will be offered at $1 25, $1 50, $1 75 and $2 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
, . 4O Cents.
50 dozen 4-BUTTON WHITE KID GLOVES, black and self embroidered backs, sizes
s>£, 5%, 6% and 7, regular value $1, will be closed out at 40c a pair.
At SO Cents.
140 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, black only, regular value $1, will be closed out
at 50c a pair.
-A.t 75 Cents.
175 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH ; WALKING . KID GLOVES, embroidered backs,
colors navy, red, tan, brown and mode, also black, regular value $1 25, will bo
closed out at 75c a pair. . •■■-■ . i.
.- /' '■ '■'." :•>-;■ -A.* 75 Cents.;
75 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black and white, handsomely embroidered on
back, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair. ,'
Kr STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS BHTILTo O'CLOCK.
/M/Br^^ MURPHY BUILOms, /
(/(/ Market Street mur ni hm, /
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE !
*. ; ;: GUTTTDnJIV
ll^^^^—s^^^^ "DaLUuI/AI,
ILSl^^J^A^^l^TnSf Saturday .' August 33, 1898,
"9 I*s? M* T^^ia SSj vSu^^J/ Al °' c ' oc ' £ p - M -> on the premises,
IHPSSWIHBL- MARTIN MURPHY'S HOME-
i llaly^ia^M^^ STEAD TRACT,
I ' -' ■'-.- '■ J : ~ Subdivision No. 6,
; I J\\ At vJC>'l I V»/ IN Half MIIe South of the Pleasant Town Of
MOUNTAIN VIEW,
350 ACRES ' Santa Clara County.
Of the Choicest and Richest Land on the Renowned
MARTIN MURPHY'S
Historical Homestead Tract
Which is acknowledged as the selected portion for residences, as well as containing' the
richest, deepest and most fertile soil in this world-beater for fruit— Clara Valley.
•■ -'••■ Here are grown to perfection, not only lor coloring and flavor but as to size, and is
beyond question the literal home of the Apricot, Pear, Prune, Peach and every variety
of deciduous fruits. Berries thrive to an astonishing degree of perfection, and Grapes
in every variety grow and flourish beyond the most sanguine hopes of the grower, and
for which the extreme highest prices "are obtained. This section of the great Santa
Clara Valley is appropriate for any variety of fancy farming or hobby of the fruiterer,
'"■AaXTD WILiLj SB SOLD IIO"
35 io=ACRE upward TRACTS.
lillirDr IT 10 AUn U/UAT IT IQ About six mites from the Stanford University
II ft tilt II Id Anil WllA I II 10. fronts the Southern Pacific railroad, nine
miles from San Jose, six miles from Palo Alto, forty miles from San Francisco, about
half a milefrom railroad station at Mountain View, and about one hour by rail from
San Francisco. This tract fronts on the main San Jose and San Francisco Boulevard,
or County road, Whisman. road. Evelyn avenue. Mountain View, and Alviso road
(which are main thoroughfares), and is covered with a dense growth of large, stately
oaks. ■ Htaflß9Bßp
M^^^^^^^^^^^^^^k 'Wl*. WILL HUN
EXCURSION TRAIN
To lartin Murphy's Homestead Tract,
Half Mile from the Town of Mountain
■•"*..■ .'•'- "*"'*■;..■' View,
On Account of This IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE,
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'clock a. m. SATUR-
DAY, August 22,' 1898. stopping at Valencia-street station, San Mateo, Kedwood and Menlo Park, re-
turning leave" Murphy Ranch at 3:30 o'clock p.m. same day. "
. • 1.00 KOU.ND-TBIP TICRKTS SI.OO. Tickets obtainable at our office on Friday,
August 21, 1896. all day. and on Saturday. August 22, day of the excursion, no to 9:30 o'clock a. m.,
and at the depot. '■ Third and To.vnsend streets, and Valencia street, up to hour of leaving, 10 o'clock
a. M., from our representative and ticket office at depot. From other stations on the train, from Sia
Mateo, Redwood and Menlo Park, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on the Grounds.
TERMS— One-Fourth Cash, balance in 1, 2 and 3 years, in-
terest 8 per cent p9r annum.
US!*!, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers, 088 Market St.,
WOOSTER & WHITTON, Real Estate Agents; 7 West Santa Clara Street,
' .-' "' . '-".-■ ■ . ; San Jose, , : ; . -' "
\ Or ALTER A. ■ CLARK, Mountain View.
IS THE VERYSBKSI'f OXB .EXAMrsa
A your eyes * nd lit tJ * em to ' spectacle! and K/». .
»■»»»«■ with*, lsutruminti of hi* own iaTeati
»ho»Mnperlorlty t*s not be«a equal*! Mj 44* '
■ MubM been due to the menu at uiy w«K<>
.*? tithe* Uouia— lii 10 4K. tL ■%?% :\:TZ -;:;;•!■' "-'
':■■ COSMOPOIjITAN 1 . '-
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cal.— The most ■ select ~t famll v : hotel la '
the city. ; Board and room fl, 91 25 and $1 50 per
day, according; to To gm.^ Meals 25c. -Roonis;6oo
and 75c a day. * Free coach to and from 'the' hotel..
.Loot for the coach ' bearing the name lof I the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. - : : WM. « FAHKV, Proprietor. -
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE MIES' GRILLROOM-
." - .Qjf tUH •
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT' ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPJSN U>TlJt> BIIUNIOHT.
SfoJOPIUM
The purs essential extract from the native drug*. Con-
tains | all the i valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without its noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach;
no vomiting ; no costivenefs , no headache. All Druggists,