VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 61.
FORTY-TWO PERSONS KILLED
An Appalling Disaster
Occurs on the West
Jersey Railroad.
IN ADDITION TO FATALITIES
Vv; /MANY ARE WOUNDED.
Special Excursion of the Red Men Cut Down
at a : Crossing by an Express • . .
;: ;'•*.'• . Train.
Horrors of the Wreck Increased by the Bursting
of a Boiler, Scalding Several to Death
. and Scattering Boiling Spray
V Over the Injured.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., July 30.— A
terrible railroad cat. rophe took place on
the Meadows, about two miles out of this
city, shortly after 6:30 r. m., resulting in
the death of forty-two people, so far as
can' now be learned, and the wounding of
eighty others. A train left here consisting
of seven cars over the West .Jersey Rail
road, bearing* a special excursion °of Red
Men and their friends of Bridgeton, N. J.,'
and Salem, and had reached the crossing
of the Reading Railroad when it was i
struck by the 5:40 down express from
Philadelphia, demciishing two cars and
telescoping the two following.
The engine of the Reading train became
a total wreck, killing the engineer and
fatally injuring the fireman and the car
behind it also was thrown from the tract
and many of its occupants killed or in
jured.
The list of the identified dead is:
Mb. and Mbs. Tbenchard, Bridgeton.
Edwarp Farb, engineer of the Reading
train, Atlantic City.
Samuel Thobn, baggageman, Atlantic
Citr.
P. S. Wprpht, MiliTille, N. J.
J. O. JOHKBTOK.
D. Sononghas, Bridgeton.
G. B. Taylor.
Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Goldsmith, Bridge
ton. . °
Samuel "Smith, Atlantic City.
D. E. Wood, Philadelphia.
Johj^G reiner, Bridgeton.
Charles Ackler, Saiem. c
; Charles McGar, Bridgeton.
JFr'anklin J3ubois, Woodruff, N. J.
•Mrs J. Earnest, Bridgeton.
'••jThi responsibility of the collision has
not yet been placed, but William Thurlow,
the operator at the block-tower situated
ax the crossing, has o been placed under
arrest by order of the Coroner. •
. Leaving this city the tracks of the West
Jersey road run parallel to those pf the
Camden and Atlantic until after they
cross tb!e drawbridge, wh°en they switch
off to the south, .crossing the Reading at
an obtuse angle.
John Grenier t the engineer of the^West
Jersey train, saw the Reading tr^ain ap
proaching the crossing at a swift speed,
.but as° the Jignals were, open for him
to proceed on his w°ay he cont inned t His
engine had barely cleared the track of the
Reading when the Idcomothe ol the lat
ter train, whicV left -Philadelphia at 5:40
F. M.^ struckothe first car full in the center,
throwing it far off the tract into a ditch
near by, in which it was completely sub
merged.
V The second car of the West Jersey train
was jOao carried into theoditch, the • third
and fourth being telescoped. The engine
of the Reading train' was thrown to the
other side of the track, carrying mth it
the first coach.
A few minutes after the collision, to add
to the horror of the situation, the boiler
of the Reading locomotive exploded,
scalding several to death and casting its
boiling spray ovet many of the injured
passengers, as soon as the news reached
this city it spread broadcast and thous
ands of people flocked to the scene. o* °
Tberoad leading °to the place of the col
lision was a constant procession of hacks,
'busSs and bicycles and all kinds of vehi
cles, while thousands of pedestrians hur
ried along the path to render what assist
ance they could or to satisfy their curi
osity.
Darkness quickly fell, and the work of
rescuing the injured and recovering the
dead bodies was carried out under the
lurid clare of huge bonfires.
It was a gruesome sight presented to on
lookers as the mangled and burnt forms of
the dead were carried from the wreckage
which bound them and laid side by side
on the gravel bank near the track with no
other pall than the tew old newspapers
gathered from the passengers.
The wounded were quickly gathered to
gether and carried by train and wagon to
the Atlantic "City Hospital, where six of
them died shortly after their arrival. The
old excursion -house at the foot of Missis
sippi avenue was converted intoa morgue,
and thither the dead were taken.
At a late hour this evening there were
twenty-nine bodies laid out there, few
of which had teen identified.
This city was terribly excited over the
accident. Th« streets in the vicinity of
The San Francisco Call.
the excursion-house and the City Hospital,
as well as the road leading to the scene of
•the accident, were packed with people
anxious to learn the last news.
•The Bridgeton and Salem excursionists
who escaped injury were brought back to
this cky and sent home on a special train
several hours later in the evening.
James" Hoy t, secretary of the Depart-'
ment of Public Safety, immediately upon
learning the extent of the catastrophe,
telegraphed for the j Philadelphia Emer
gency Corps, 150 of whom responded and
hurried to this city on a special train,
which left Philadelphia at 10:45. These
surgeons materially aided the volunteer
corps of this city, wnich embraced almost
every physician at present within its con
fines. _.. Many of the injured were taken to
hotels, as the City Hospital soon became
overcrowded. , About thirty of the wounded
had their injuries dressed and were able
to proceed on .their way. It is* expected
that fully a dozen. of those now lying in
the hospital will not survive their injuries.
Mrs. Edward Farr,* the wife of the Read
ing . engineer who met death while : per
forming, hi* duty' .tnd, --a* found with
one hand on the throttle arid the other on
the braxe, when informed of ' the accident
and her husband's tragic death, was una
ble to withstand the shock and fell to the
floor dea°d.
Following is a list of the injured: *
Mrs. M. Keiger, Elmer, N. J., back
badly hurt and head cut.
JacoTt) Johnson, Shirley, N. J., head
hurt; wife supposed to be- dead and child
badly hurt.
Stanley A. Wensell, Alloway, N. J.,
scalp nearly torn off.
Fred Sheeney, Bridgeton, back hurt and
internal injuries. .
Mrs. 6. Johnson, Shirley, N. J., shoul
. der, head and ureast bruised. .
Mary Shimp, Freesboro, N. J., head cut.
William Baughn, Bridgeton, back hart
and head cut.
Charles Rynick, Bridgeton, : badly cut
about head.
. Violet Alfred, Bridgeton, face and nose
fractured. * 808
Mrs. Laura Pierce, Bridgeton, badly cut
head apd body bruised.
William Simpkins, Salem, head lac
erated. '\ • %• "l 0 ' j
° Mason Worth, 825 North Twelfth street,
Philadelphia, back injured. - --
Albert Tiainer, Bridgeton, head cut.
William Hough ton, Bridgeton, internal
injuries.
Edward Zeeley, Bridgeton, head cut.
Chester Burger, Bridgeton, hip injured.
„ Howard Woodlawn. Bridgeton, arm
broken.
Ex-Judge Hitchman, Bridgeton, inter
nal injuries. o
Mrs. Hitchman, concussion of brain.
Mrs. E. "A. Abbott, Bridgeton, : back
broken. .. .. • ■
David Friese (address unknown), neck
dislocated.
Mrs. Job Rega, Elmer, N.Y., bruised and
hurt about head.
Albert Taylor*, BriageTton, three scalp
wounds,. .
Jacob Hilton. Bridgeton, bruised badly
about head. * ° ■
Thomas .F. Morrell, Bridgeton, com
pound fracture of arm.
Charles Homer, Bridgeton, broken leg
and internal injuries.
.Harry Watson, Yorktown, N. J., leg
broken, head injured. *
Lizzie Rutter, Bridgeton, contusion of
back. ,. °
Charles W. Homer, fractured leg and
internal injury.
Frank Morrell, East Orange, N. J., dis
located sh*oulder*and bruised bead.
' Wesley Lee, Bridgeton, internal inju
ries.- t - .
Frederick Chenway, Bridgeton, internal
injuries and scalp wound. -
Mrs. Faunce Fratinger. Philadelphia,
broken leg, have to be amputated.
John S. Kelley, Camden, compound
fracture of arm, internal injuries, probably
fatal. '..,-■
■:\, Samuel Mutz, Bridj:eton.
W. R. Spaulding, guest of Royal Col
lege; Howard. v ;
Howard Smalley, Bridgeton.
W. C. Hamsley. ; :
L. C. Hamsley and wife, Bridgeton.
Mrs. E. A. Abbott, Ruodestown, N. J.
Lizzie* SmaJley, Bridgeton.
■■ C. D. Fra'zer ana wife, Bridgeton.
lirwinDubois. V
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 31, 1896.
Charles C. Rynick of Bridgeton, who
was in the excursion party, was in one
of the chaircars. He escaped wit,h severe
bruises, and so far as his agitation would
permit, told the story of hte experience.
"When we saw that a collision was un
avoidable," be said, "the scene in our
car was terrific. Women f-i n ted, and men
rushed in a mad panic for the door; but
it came almost before we had time to
think.
"One car was cut right in two and the
lower portion of it lifted bodily from the
track arid tumbled over. Every car was
crowded and it is horrible to think of the
number who musr be lying under those
ruins*
•The roof of one of the cars fell in a mass
and everybody in that car was buried un
der it. It simply dropped on top of the
people. I know positively of two in our
car who were killed. They were Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Bell of Bridgeton.
"Their daughter was in another car fur
ther back and was not hurt. I don't
know who is to blame. When we were
about two miles from Atlantic City we
came to a stop out in the meadows and
stayed there for several minutes, but I
don't know why.
"I think there must have been fully
eighty killed. The only person with me
was my six-year-old son, and he was not
hurt, thank God."
XEn#oujtziLA.lsi>>a mixes. \
Mich in DepoitU, of iron Oro and
Coal.
ST. JOHNB, Newfocsdland, July 30.—
Sir Archibald G.ikie, director-general
of the British Geological Survey, states
in a letter to Joseph Chamberlain, .British
Colonial Secretary, that the Newfound
land coal and iron deposits are immensely
valuable. Bir Archibald advises the ap
pointment of special experts to report
upon the size and character of the de
posits, giving general particulars retard
ing them, with a view to tneir develop
ment. The Admiralty will test the coal on
British warships and every effort will be
made to induce British capitalists to in
vest their money in the development of
| Newfoundland's mineral resources.
amwm THE BAIiLOOJI.
FATAL FLOODS IN
THE OHIO VALLEY.
Many People Drowned and
Hundreds Made Home
less.
■
HOUSES WASHED AWAY
Crops Destroyed and Farmers
Left on the Verge of
Starvation.
WIDESPREAD DESTRUCTION.
Cloudbursts Fo low Long Spells of
Rainy Weather and Swell
the Waterways.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 30.— A special j
to the Tribune from Parkersourg, W. Va.,
says:
The news of another cloudburst, and by
far the most destructive which has oc
curred in this State in the last month,
reached here yesterday. Tiiis time the
scene of destruction was In Calhoun
County, in the central part of the State, in
tne territory bordering on Steer, Yellow
and Straight creeks.
The elements broke loose with terrific
force, flooding the entire country with a
deluge oi water ten feet deep. The three
creeks swelled to enormous proportions,
and hardly a building of any kind remains
to mark the course of the streams.
Three fatalities a c reported. Mrs.
Woofter and her daughter and Sarah
Stephen*, in their efforts to save their
household •ffacta. wara carried away in
their own homes and drowned. Mrs.
Woofter and her daughter were awakened
from their sleep to hear the rush of the
waters, and upon finding their bed sur
rounded by water made an attempt to save
themselves from drowning by placing the
organ on top of the table and taking refuge
there, but the waters rapidly rose to their
position and they were drowned like rats.
The house was torn from its foundation
and carried a considerable distance away.
Sarah Stephens, an elderly woman and
alone in her room, met her fate in a simi
lar manner.
On Yellow Greek four houses and a saw
mill were carried the entire course of tne
stream. Several booms containing thou
sands of iogn were forced from their moor
ings. There is not even a fence to be seen
to mark off the division of the farm lands.
The scene of this disaster is in the
wilds of West Virginia, where there are
neither telegraphic communications nor
railroads. It is a poor class of people that
makes up the population and they are
without a single pose^sion. All the crops
were destroyed, leaving them without
food. Unless assistance can be sent to
them starvation will follow. A heavy
rain continues to flood the country, and
until this ceases it will be impossible to
transport anything to the scene of the
disaster. Farmers wno were in good cir
cumstances last week are penniless to
day. The State has never met witn suoh
a calamity before. To estimate the loss is
impossible.
■This is the fifth cloudburst occurring in
this State during the last month, each
one being worse than the former. Entire
reconstruction was necessary on the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad for a distance of
fifty miles. Traffic was resumed yesterday
afternoon after a suspension of four days.
The Ohio River at this point continues
to rise and a flood in Parkersburg is inevi
table. A stage of thirty-fire feet has been
reached and by to-morrow the lower part
of the city will be under water.
ATHENS, Ohio, July 30.— The most de
structive storm in the history of Sunday
Creek Valley swept down on Glouster, a
mining town twelve miles north of here,
last night, which resulted in the loss of
fifteen lives and the almost total destruc
tion of one of the principal streets of the
town, and doing damage in other places to
the amount of thousands of dollars. Build
ings were toppled over, trees torn from
their roots, and the town this morning is
a scene of desolation.
J. L. Daugnerty was struck by a section
of a plank walk and instantly killed. Four
others are reported dead and several
others seriously injured. The details are
meager yet.
A livery stable, with six horses and a
number of vehicles, was blown into the
creek and swept away. The streets are
covered with broken timbers and debris of
all kinds. To add to the horror Sunday
Creek is sweeping everything before it.
The list of dead will reach fifteen.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 30.-Heavy
rain this morning caused immense damage
to property in this vicinity. The small
creeks became raging torrents and bridges
were swept away. Farmhouses were
flooded and crops irreparably damaged.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, July 30.-The
worst storm that has visited this vicinity
in years occurred last evenine. The finan
cial loss will amount to $50,000. Sixteen
houses were unroofed and otherwise
damaged. Henry Dipple, night watch
man, was electrocuted by loose wire. At
Lawrencebnrg, Tremont, Paris and other
small places farmers report great damage
to fruit and grain crops.
BTEUBENVILLE, Ohio, July 10.— Two
hundred neople of this vicinity are home
less to-night as the result of a cloudburst,
which occurred this afternoon in the west
era part of this city. The people in th
lowlands, alarmed by the recent flood^
were prepared for disaster and fled to tht
hills, thus no lives were lost, although
many were- in imminent danger. Warn
ing waa also given by a party of men who
bad been on watch and ran down the
valley shouting that the flood was coming.
When the houses in the track of the
angry waters were reached they went
down as though built of card
board. Thirty or forty residences were
wrecked, the chief sufferers being Rebecca
Philabaum, William Risden, Robert
Ritchie, James Burdes, Andrew Albaueh,
Benjamin Wise, Grant Stroud, John Hart
and Henry Bowman. The latter was pro
prietor of a store, which, with all its stock,
is gone.
Two culverts of the Panhandle road were
carried away, and at Gould's there is
650 xeet of track washed out. No trains are
running, and it will take twenty-four
Hours to repair the damage.
PORTLAND, Ohio. July 30. — During
last night's storm 1.75 inches of rain fell
in 45 minutes. A high wind accompanied
the rain and did great damage to crops.
The oil fields also suffered greatly, many
derricks being prostrated.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WARNS ALL
FILIBUSTERS
President Cleveland Is Out
With a Rather Pointed
Proclamation.
SAJS NEUTRALITY LAWS
ARE VIOLATED.
Strict Enforcement Threatened
in Order to Check the Sym
pathy for Cuba.
SPAIN HAS A TRUSTED FRIEND
IN THE PRESIDENT.
Executive Officers - Called Upon to
Exert Vigilance in Punishing
Offenders.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 30.— The
following proclamation was issued from
the State Department this afternoon:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES Of
AMERICA— A PROCLAMATION.
Whereas, Br a proclamation dated the 12th
of June, A. D. 1895. attention was called to the
serious civil disturbances accompanied by
armed -esiitance to the established Govern
ment of Spain then prevailing in the island of
Cuba, and citizens of the United States and all
other persons were admonished to abstain
from taking part in such disturbance in con
travention of the neutrality laws of '.he United
States; and whereas, said civil disturbances
and armed resistance to tne authority of
Spain, with which the United States is on
terms of peace and amity, continue to preval
In said island of Cuba; and whereas, since the
date of said proclamation said neutrality laws
of the United States have been the subject of
authorized exposition by the judicial tribunal
of last resort, and it has thus been declared
that any combination of persons organized in
the United states for the purpose of proceed
ing to its making war upon a foreign country
with wnich the United States is at peace, and
provided with arms to De used for such pur
pose, constitutes a "military expedition or en
terprise," within the meaning of said neutral
ity lavs, and that the providing or preparing
oi the meanS for such "military expedition or
enterprise," which is expressly prohibited by
said laws, includes furnishing or aiding in
transportation tor such "military .expedition
or enterprise" ; and whereas, by express enact
ment, if two or more persons conspire to com
mit an offense against the United States, any
act of one conspirator to effect the necessary
object of such conspiracy renders all
the conspirators liable to fine and
imprisonment; and whereas, there is
reason to believe that citizens of
the United States and others within its
jurisdiction fail to apprehend the meaning
and operation of the neutrality laws of the
United States as authoritatively interpreted ai
aforesaid, and may be misled into participa
tion under the transactions which are viola
lions of said laws, and will render them liable
to the severe penalties provided for such viola
tions.
Now, therefore, that the laws above referred
to as judicially construed may be duly
executed; that the obligations of the
United States may be fully satisfied, and that
their citizens and all others within their juris
diction, being seasonably apprised of their
legal duty in the premises, may abstain from
disobedience to the laws of the United States,
and thereby escape the forfeitures and penal
ties legally consequent thereon, I, Grover
Cleveland, President of the United States, do
hereby solemnly warn a.ll citizens of the
United States and all others within their
jurisdiction against violations of said laws in
terpreted as hereinbefore explained, and give
notice that all such violations will be vigor
ously prosecuted. And I do hereby invoke
the co-nperstion of all good citizens in the
enforcement of said laws and in the detention
aud apprehension of any offenders against tha
same, and do hereby enjoin upon all the ex
ecutive officers to exert the utmost vigilance
in preventing, prosecuting and punishing any
infractions thereof.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and caused the seal of the United
States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this 27th
day of July, in the year of our Lord one thou
sand eight hundred and ninety-six, and of tho
independence of the United States the one
hundred and twenty-first
Grover Cleveland.
By the President: Richard Olnky,
Secretary of State.
The President's warning proclamation
as to Cuban filibusters is understood to
be one of the results of Secretary Olney's
recent visit to Gray Gables and is thought
to be in some measure at least, the answer
of the administration to the petitions and
complaints against Spain's treatment of
Americana in Cuba, which continually
pour in on the State Department. Many
of these have contained pleas of ignorance
of the laws under which the suspects were
arrested and imprisoned, and it has ap
parently been deemed advisable to leave
1 American citizens no loneer in doubt as
! to the protection they may expect if tbev
£O so far in their pympatbies as to violate
United States statutes.
CONEPIRACS ON PLANS INLE.
Men Iteporttd From Cuba Formed a Plot
to Return.
HAVANA, Cttba, July 30.— The latest
details of the uprising among the political
prisoners on the Isle of Pines show that
250 people who had been deported from
Cuba were engaged in the conspiracy.
They had partially succeeded in their
plan of making away with Colonel Berrin,
the Governor of the island, having over
powered and bound him preparatory to
hanging him, when they were interrupted
in their work by a patrol which was pass
ing and which rescued the Governor from
tbeir hands.
The plotters intended to gain possession
of the capital of the island and to capture
the Spanish gunboat Fradeva, on board of
whicn they proposed to cross to Cuba,
about fifty miles away, and join the in
surgents.
When the revolters found that their
scheme had miscarried all who could get
away fled to the woods in the interior of
the island. The authorities express conn2
dence that all of those who took part in
the uprising will eventually be captured.
rn«wrven<« Defeated.
HAVANA, Cuiu, July 20.— Colonel Per
rol reports that his command has had an
engagement with the insurgents near Ga
briel, Province of Havana, in which the
rebels were deieated, losing forty-six men,
including their leader, Zayas. The Span
ish loss was one killed and three lieuten
ants and fourteen privates wounded.
DESTRUCTION OF A WARSHIP.
Sunk by a Torpedp to Prevent the Xx
plonion •/ H«r Magazine.
ROME, Italy, July 30.— During a heavy
thunderstorm the coast - defense ship
Roma of the Italian navy was struck by
lightning. The most serious result of the
thunderbolt was that the warship was set
on fire.
The flames spread quickly despite the
utmost exertions of the crew. They stuck
to the ship, fighting every inch, until the
tire had nearly reached the powder maga
zine and it was realized tnat the vessel
was certainly doomed.
The commander of the ship cave orders
for all hands to abandon the ship. Before
leaving a torpedo was attached to the ves
sel, and when all had reached a safe dis
tance it was discharged.
A great hole was torn iv the hull of the
vessel and she sane in a few moments.
None of the crew was hurt.
♦
FATAL EXPLOSIONS IN AUSTRIA.
live Person* Killed and One Hundred
/Seriously Injured.
, BUDi?EST. AUSTRIA, July 30.— A
powder magazine &t Funjkirchen, the
cajytaF of the county of Buranya, ex
ploded this morning. The Town Hall
was o wrecked and other buildings in the
vicinity badly damaged. So far as known
iive c persons were instantly killed and
eighty seriously, some of them fatally,
wounded.
Later investigation shows that the ex
plosion was more disastrous than at first
reported. It is now known that 100 per
sons were injured, and it is thought that a
laree proportion will die. The buildings
in the vicinity of the macazine collapsed
and the inmates were buried in the ruin*.
THAT FATAL HOT WAVE
Increase in the Eastern Death
. . Roll From the Sun
strokes.
Farmers Drop Dead While Working
o. ° in the Sun, and Many Pros
trations Are Reported.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 30.— The hot wave
showed no abatement to-day and the roll
of sunstroke cases was largely increased.
-There has been but little relief at night,
and for three days the thermometers
•ranged above 85 degrees at sunrise. At 6
o'clock this evening the mercury rested at
98 degrees. The deathroll from sunstroke
since midnight Wednesday numbers nine.
■ ' There were twenty-six cases treated at"
Ihe 'City Dispensary. About a third of
these are serious. The victims are from
every occupation and indoor employment
gave no immunity from the heat. It is
noted as an exception that but one of the
.. larmy of letter-carriers here was affected. '
• The Government Weather Bureau fore-'
caster gives no hope for the abatement of
,the torrid wave belore Friday night, when
rain is promised.
■ ' The deaths among domestic animals is
; v.cry large. Horses have fallen by the
score. ■ Third-street commission houses
.are" heavy losers. Forty coops of dead I
'chickens were sent to the dead animal
. .rendering works to-day and twenty car- j
loads of perishable produce and fruit were
.branded as spoiled by the city inspectors. !
Special telegrams from adjacent points
tell the same story. At Red Bud, 111., to
day with the thermometer at 104, Otto
.. Schmidt and Edward Frick, farmer?,
" dropped dead in their fields. The heated
area co.vers all of the Mississippi Valley
• from Dubuque, lowa, to the Gulf, and as
■ far west as Wichita, Kans.
BURLINGTON, lowa, July 30.— T0-day
was the hottest for several years, the mer- |
cury standing at, 99 in the shade and in a.j
breeze at noon. Large numbers of work- ;
. men were forced to quit work early in the
day and all business has been practically
at a standstill. An epidemic of stomach
trouble has broken out, brought on by thej
„ intense heat, and several have died from it.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 30.— Colonel
• W. E. Me Arthur, clerk of Representative
* Hermtfnn of Oregon, was found lying un
conscious in the street last evening and'
died shortly afterward at the hospital. I
Death was due to hear >p stroke. McArthur
came from The Dalles, Or., where he
formerly published a paper.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 30.— A num
ber of piostrations have occurred in this
city from the heat- The maximum tem
perature so far is 101. Reports have been
received ber<s that three people died from
heat, in Nashville, Term., and two in
Louisville, K.y. ■ :
TO SUCCEED SATOLL.
Rev. Sebastian Uartinelli Nominated by
the Pope as Delegate to
America.
LONDON, Em, July 30.— The corre
spondent in Rome of the United Press
telegraphs that, although the report that
Monsighor Diomede Falconio would suc
ceed Monsignor Satolli as papal delegate
to tbe United States has been hitherto en
tirely credited at the Vatican, the Pope
has appointed as Monsignor Satolfi'a suc
cessor the Rev. Sebastian Martinelli, prior
general of the Augustins Chaustes and a
brother of the dead Cardinal Martinelli.
' The fact that the nomination had oeen
made has been kept secret even from the
most intimate associates of his Holiness,
and upon its becoming known occasioned
a general feeling of surprise. The Pope's
choice is regaided as an excellent one.
The Rev. Sebastian MartineJli is about
60 years old. He is a learned theologian
and thoroughly versed in the foreign"
policy of the Vatican.
WITHOUT OPPOSITON.
Members of Canada* Mete. Liberal Gov
&LjJ9 ernment Art Elected.
TORONTO, Ontario, July SO.— con
stitution of Canada requires that members
of a new administration shall present
them selves : to their constituents or re
' election. Consequently elections were I
held to-day in a number of constituencies, i
which are represented by member* of the
recently formed Liberal Government. The
Hon. W. Laurier, the new Premier, con
• tested- the District ' of 'Quebec (East) and
•.was returned ' without ' opposition. r The
.following were also returned without op
r position : * Sir Richard Cartwrlght, Minis
ter of Trade and Commerce, South Oxford,
Out.; the Hon.* Sidney Fisher, Minister of
Agriculture I for Brome, Quebec, and : the
Hon. William Mullock, Postmaster-Gen
'•■ eral for North York, Ont. Sir Henry
Jolly, Minister of Inland Revenne, was re
turned for Port Neuf, Quebec," and Hon.
W. F. Borden, Minister of Militia, was re
turned lor Kings, N. S. 3 Pt^^rt
GETTING READY
FOR THE FRAY,
Good Work Done by the
Republican Executive .
5 • Committee..
WILL MEET THE ENEMY
Plans of a Business Nature That
Are Not Yet to Be Dis
closed.
STORY OF FBICTION DENIED.
Important Campaign Literature Sent
to Press and Dates for Speeches
Arranged.
CHICAGO, 111., July 30.— The National
Republican executive committee members
were all at their de-ks again to-day and
did a lot of work, much of which was
sither of no public interest or was not
given out. As Mr. Dawes said: "It is
getting to be a matter of bu>iness now, and
we cannot disclose our plan of campaign
to the enemy."
Mr. Leland of Kansas will be the first
memberofrthe committee to leave Chicago,
having to return home in a day or two as
chairman of the State committee to attend
the Republican Sta.e Convention.
The committee called into conference
this afternoon Mr. Goldsmith of Milwau
kee, who has charge of the German educa
tional work, and the result is that this
branch of the committee will begin send
ing out literature in a few days.
The published story of the removal of
the headquarters from Chicago to Cleve
land, because of alleged factional fighting
between the machine men in Cook County
in Illinois and the original McKinley men
and the friction between the State and
National committees, was vigorously
and generally denied by the head
quarters officials as without founda
tion. Chief Haiin of the speakers'
department to-day made the following
assignments for Roswell G. Horr in Ne
braska: Lincoln, August 5; York, Au
gust 6; Hastings, August 7; Kearney,
August 8; Nqrfolk, August 10; Omaha,
August 11.
". Mr. Heath has now sent to press twenty
six campaign documents, nearly ail of
them bearing directly or indirectly on the
money question. Those on the tariff will
not he out for two weeks or more.
• "The first leaflets on sound money were
received from the printers to-day and the
work of distribution begun. Mr. Heath
has signed orders for 9,000,000 copies of
anti-silver literature and five orders for
100,000 each on other topics.
Senator Thurston was about the head
quarters most of the day priming himself
for the opening of the Western campaign
at Madison, Wis., to-morrow afternoon,
under the auspices of the Monona Assem
bly. He left at* 6:30 for the scene of his
first effort, saying that his, head was so
full of campaign ideas and arguments that
j he was worrying to know how he could
| deliver his first speech in something like
I logical shape. After he had made a dozen
speeches he would leel more at his ease
and could prepare them in advance.
IN CONTINUOUS SENSION.
The Republican Xational Committee
0 Plane for the Campaign.
\ NEW YORK, N. V., July 30.— The Re
publican National Committee took pos
session this morning of their new head
quarters, 1 Madison avenue. Mr. Hanna
was not at headquarters this morning.
He arose early and received a host of call
ers in the corridors of the Waldorf Hotel,
but he had nothing to say to reporters.
The work of the campaign will commence
in earnest next week, w"hen Joseph H.
•Manley of Maine is expected to arrive in
this 'crty. The Vice- Presidential candi
date,.Mr. Hobart of New Jersey, will aiso
have a room of his own in the headquar
ters suite. After to-morrow the executive
•committee will be in continuous session
until the close of the campaign.
STRUCK BY A CHUTE BOAT.
Three Killed and One Injured by an Acri
• dent on Lake Uttotae.
KNOXVILLE,. Term., July 30.— Three
people were killed and drowned and a
fourth seriously injured in an accident at
Lake Ottosae, turee-miles from Knoxville,
this afternoon.
The dead are: Charles Perry, aged 18;
Waher Wright, aged 21; Miss Carrie
Phibbs, aged 17.
The injure* is Mrs. Forester, a widow,
who was chaperoning the party. Tbe
party wag rowing on the lake in tbe park
in a light row boat, and through careless
ness they came in the course of the chute
boat as it came down the steep incline
into the water.
DR. JAMESON'S CONVICTION.
I The Home Secretary Did Not Order That
the Raiders Be Treated as First
. • m .class Misdemeanants.
LONDON, Eng., July 30.— The unofficial
'report circulated last evening to the effect
that Sir Matthew White Ridgley, the
Home Secretary, had ordered that Dr.
Jameson and; the ether prisoners, ;who
were sentenced to various terms of im
" prisonment for the part they took in the
i Transvaal raid, should be treated as first
class misdemeanants, turns out to have
been incorrect.
In the House of Commons to-day,
Patrick O'Brien, ParnelliU member for
the city of Kilkenny, asked for informa
tion on the subject, which was furnished
by tbe Home Secretary. Sir Matthew
said that the court alone had the power to
order tha prisoners to be treated as nrat
j class misdemeanants.
No such order has been issued by tbe
court, and hence tbe convicted men would
be treated aa ordinary prisoners. In re
sponse to a further question he said that
be was unable to state at present whether
the royal prerogative would be exercised
and ail order issued in the name of the
Queen for (he treatment of the prisoners
as first-class misdemeanants.
The preliminary step for an inquiry into
the administration of the British South
Africa Company was then taken up by the
Right Honorable Joseph Chamberlain,
Secretary of State for the Colonies, who
made a motion for the appointment of a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
committee of fifteen members of the heuse
to conduct the inquiry.
Sir William Veruon Harconrt, leader of
the opposition, concuned in the motion,
which was agreed to by the House.
RELISING IN ARREST.
Capture of a, Minitt-r Whose Mania for
Gambling Led to frengy.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, July 30. -A
mau of clerical appearance and giving tbe
name of J. F. Bard was arrested to-night
in the Turf Exchange gambling-bouse, in
this city, on ihe charge of forgery com
mitted in Omaha. In his possession were
found testimonials to his character and
standing of a minister of the gospel in
San Francisco and Portland, Or. He
said he had been a minister of the
Christian church in Portland, where he
now has a wife. and crown children.
Some time ago he started on a trip
East and en route went to Cripple Creek.
He became interested in stock specula
tion and finally drifted into a»pambling
house. where he became infatuated wiih
gambling and seemed unable to quit it.
He was finally penniless and thrown out.
IHe then made his way eastward, visiting
various towns and gambling wherever he
could. When he could get money no
other way he resorted to forging checks,
'which he cashed. He expressed relief at
his arrest and he hoped it would finally re
lease him from the mania for gambling
which had taken possession of him.
KILLED IN A B ICYCLE RACE.
Fatal Accident Befalls Joseph Grebler
of Minnesota.
LIMA, Ohio, July 30.— A fatal accident
to a rider occurred at the bicycle races
yesterday in the half mile professional.
The entries were large and "unlucky" was
remarked before the start was made.
They got away in nice order and at the
quarter were bunched, with Cooper lead
ing. At this point Joseph Grebler came
to tbe front. He was on -the outside and
all eyes were on him, when it was noticed
that instead of makine the turn, he
and his wheel shot up an em
bankment. The rider was thrown into
the air and came down on his head, frac
turing his skull, death resulting orie hour
later. He was riding for the Dayton
Bicycle Company and lived in Minnesota.
WILL PROTECT SETTLER
New Patents to Be Issued for
Lands Erroneously Sold
by Railroads.
The Union Pacific Company Agrees to
Pay the Cost of All Addi
tibnal Suits.
i j _____
■ WASHINGTON, D. C, July SO.— The
United States officials have taken im
portant action In regard to the Union
Pacific Railroad lands. The Secretary of
the Interior recommended to Attorney-
General Harmon the dismissal of a number
of suits now pending in the United States
courts of Nebraska, Wyoming, Colorado
and Utah against the Union Paciflo and
about 10,000 settlers along the line of the
road to recover title to lands said to have
been erroneously patented to the company.
These lands were supposed to be em •
braced within the limits of the grant
made by Congress to the company and
were patented to it some years- ago. The
settlers whose title homesteads have since
been, la litigation purchased their land
from the company and secured the neces
sary patents. But, the land.' office £ad,
after issuing .the patents, made . trie . tHS
cision that, they were worthless, a* Wj
company, as the land office claimed, was
not entitled to the lands deeded, and,
therefore, certification had been erroneous.
Then the Interior , Department began
suit to recover these lands. Under the law
in force prior to March 3, 1896. it wa3
necessary, in order that title could be re
covered, to include the settlers as defend
ants in these suits. The act passed on the
date above named, however, provides that
the Government might enter suit against
the railroad company for the value of the
lands found to have been erroneously cer
tified and that innocent purchasers from
the railway company might receive new
patents upon filing- proof that they were
innocent purchasers.
General Solicitor Kelly of the Union Pa
cific Company has been in Washington for
several days, and has agreed, on behalf of
the company, to pay the cost of the pres
ent suit ana thus relieve the settlers of all
expenses.
If the Attorney-General approves the
recommendation of the Interior Depart
ment (as it ib believed he will) the present
suits will be dismissed and new suits will
he brought against the company alone to
recover the value of land. Meantime, pat
ents will be issued to the settlers upon
their filing the proof required by the act
of March 3, 1896, "and they will thus be
quieted in their, title.
ANARCHISTS WITNDEATT.
So the Socialist Trade? Congress Pro
■ cr*d* to 4iualn»»».
LONDON, Eno., July 20.— The fourth
day's session of the International Social
ist Trades Congress, which .la • meeting in
St. Martin's Town Hall in this city, man
aged to-day :to put aside the disputes
which have characterized the former pro
ceedings and transact a little business,
the first of the session, aside from fight
ing over the question of the admission of
anarchists.
The session to-day was presided over by
Signor Ferreri, an Italian delegate. After
a little mild-mannered discussion the cre
dentials i Question , was dropped and the
anarchists who have : made a bitter fight
for admission withdrew. The congress
then proceeded to the discussion of the
agrarian question. M. Vanderveld, a
Belgian delegate, read a paper on behalf
of M. Deiory, the Socialist mayor of Lille,
France, who was suspended from office
for having been concerned ,in the recent
rioting in city on the occasion of the
arrival there of German delegates to a So
cialist congress.
The writer of the paper contended that
it was the first duty of the Socialists to
organize the agrarian; proletariat and to
continue the efforts : for the amelioration
of their condition until the .land' should
be cultivated by society in a co-operative
capacity. * He J held "that it was left to
every nation to formulate the beat means
to attain this end. : A discussion ;oa the
paper followed.
ADVERTISING CAR ATTACHED.
Salary Hue an Employe Caused the
Trouble.
BOUTH BEND, Ind., July 30.— Jacob D.
Henderson of this city was appointed re
ceiver yesterday for the California Intro
ducing Company, which has an advertis
ing car of iv products at Walkerton.
George F. Flood's suit for $600 Dack salary
caused the trouble.
The officials of the State Board of Trade
at 16 Post street in this City said yesterday
that the California Introducing Company
wes a private enterprise. The people back
of it were real estate owners around Rose
ville, a small town above Sacramento.
They said the car had been as far East as
New York, and bad received flattering
press notices everywhere. From all ac
counts tbe car had accomplished a great
deal of good in advertising California. It
had left thit State under the charge of H.
M. Swasey.
PREPARING FOR
A THIRD TICKET,
Meeting of the Provisional
Sound-Money Committee
Called.
STATES ARE ORGANIZING
Representative Democrats of
Many Sections to Attend
the Convention.
THE CANDIDATES MENTIONED.
Assurances That the Public Will See
the Fallacy of the Free-Silver
Movimnt.
CHICAGO. 111., July 30.— Chairman
Bragg to-day called a meeting of tbe i>io
visional National executive committee of
the sound-money Democracy at the
Palmer House next Saturday to consider
the work done by the sub-committee on
State organization and selection of the
remaining National committeemen for
the Indianapolis meeting. Several more
States reported to-day by telegraph that
they had been partly organized for the new
movement.
George Wochs of Chattanooga tele
graphed: '.'Active steps for a third ticket
are now under way. Tennessee sound
money Democrats are in earnest and will
be at Indianapolis."
Hon. J. F. Provine, a prominent Demo
crat of Coffeyville, Miss., sent word: "The
third ticket will have some support here."
Ex-Btate Senator C. B. PendJeton of Key
West sent a message to say that Colonel
Shipley, a candidate for tbe United States
Senate, who had thrown cold water on the
movement in Florida, was mistaken, and
adding that gold Democrats were
numerous in tbat State.
William Everett of Quincy, Mass., wrote:
"I believe J. Sterling Morton is the man
for President. He is sound on gold; he is
sound on the tariff; he is a devoted civil
service reformer. He is for economy; he
knows every part of the country aud lie
represents the administration."
J. J. Hussler, United States Lmd Agent
at Enid, O. T., wrote to say that he would
go as a delegate from the Territory to the
convention, and believed the movement
was the only way to "kill the silver craze."
C. V. Holman of Rockiand, Me., who is
almost daily heard from, wired: "Re
ceiving enthusiastic responses from all
over Maine."
Hon. J. A- Faulkner has been designated
as the provisional member of the National
Committee from Alabama.
Hon. J. Van Alen of Newport. R. 1.,
who was ..ominated by President Cleve
land for the Italian Mission, wired tbat he
would do everything in his power with
other thiyi-ticKet Democrats of Rhode
Island.
Edward Atkinson, the Boston writer on
political economy, wrote to General Bragg,
offering his services as a speaker for the
third ticket. He said: "Although I am
nearly 70, I am strongly inclined to come
out West ia October to make a few
speeches."
The sound money Democrats of Mich
igan telegraphed that John S. Lawrence of
Grand Rapids had been named as the pro
visional committeeman.
Ex-Congressman William S. Forman of
East St. Louis, a member of the Illinois
executive committee, arrived to-day. He
said: "It seems to me the Democratic
sound money men should be given some
thing to cling to until this free silver
craze has had its run. Free silver will not
win. The American people will see
through tbat fallacy before election day.
Of course, this new ticket movement will
help McKinley, but it is in the Nation's
interest. I am for a Western man for
President, Senator Palmer and William R.
Morrison. '"
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 30.— Two hun
dred or more sound-money Democrats met
at the Coates House to-night and perfected
the organization of the National Demo
cratic Club of Jackson County, with Judge
Black as president. Judge Krauthoff, who
represented Missouri at the Chicago con
ference, made a report. Cleveland's name
was wildly cheered. A township organiza
tion of Kansas City and the county will be
at once undertaken.
MARSHA LLTOWN, lowa, July 30.— A
conference of sound - money Democrats
haa been called to meet at Das Moines on
August 5 to seiect a State committeeman
to attend the conference in Indianapolis.
NOMINEE BRIAN PRESENT.
That the Only Interesting Feature of a
Democratic Committee Meeting.
LINCOLN, Nebb., July 30.— A meeting
at the Lincoln Hoiel to-night of the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee was made
interesting by the presence of Nominee
Bryan. Ostensibly the meeting was called
merely for the purpose of fixing tha date
for the State Convention of the party, but
the general understanding was that the
situation in the State was to be discussed
wiih a view of determining the strength
of the Bryan and SewaM forces, and also to
consider the question of fusion with the
Populists. Yesterday's county conven
tions of the Populists indicated the desire
of that party in Nebraska to support
Bryan and Bowall in exchange for the
Democratic indorsement of most of the
Populist candidates for State offices, and
it was the prevailing impression thai Mr.
Bryan was wanted to give his views on
that point. It should be said, however,
that Mr. Bryan had decided to attend the
meeting more than a week ago.
It was 8:30 o'clock before the committee
assembled. Mr. Bryan did not appear at
the Lincoln until that hour, ana out of
courtesy to him the committee was not
called to order prior to hi* arrival. He
was immediately surrounded by commit
teeman and had plenty of handshaking
for a few minutes.
This was a busy day at the candidate's
residence, for in addition to members of
the Democratic State Committee he bad
numerous other callers. At luncheon Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan had as their guest C. A.
Walsh of Ottumwa, lowa, the temporary
secretary of the Democratic National
Committee.
The committee spent an hour and a
half listening to repoits from its mem
bers as to the prospects for a Democratic
victory in their various districts. Quite a
rosy view was given by most of the
speakers In substauc* the testimony was
to the effect that the defection from the
ranks of the party in the State was too
small to be considered, while a number of
tbe conimitteemen told of Republicans
who had joined Bryan clubs or who had
otherwise declared for the Chicago ticket.
Many of those who made reports admit
ted that the German population of Ne
braska seemed unfavorable to free coinage.
It was claimed that this was due prin
cipally to the fact that nearly all the Ger
man newspapers are for gold, and sug
gestions were made t at German speak
ers and silver campaign literature in
German should be sent to the towns and
settlements having a large population
from the fatherland. Some reference was
made to the Bohemian vote, mostly favor
able to the Democratic ticket
Among those who addressed the com
mittee were Judge Ambrose and Judge
Duffy, formerly on the district bench of
th« State. Judge Ambrose said he had
been a Republican all his life, but had
parted company with that political faith.
He had always been taught to believe that
the Republican party was for bimetallism,
he aaid, but he had found out his mistake
and placed himself in the hands of the
central committee to do its bidding on the
stump or in any other capacity. Judge
Duffy admitted that while a Republican
most of his life he had voted for Cleveland
and he was now ready to take off his coat
and work for the election of Bryanl
Mr. Bryan took no part in .this discus
sion, and when it was concluded he and
the other members of the committee, after
those who had attended the meeting by
courtesy had withdrawn, held an executive
session to talk over the executive work of
the campaign.
Mr. Bryan remained with the commit
tee a few minutes only. He made a few
remarks concerning tbe necessity forpartv
work and then withdrew and went home.
The committee talked incidentally over
the question of fusion with Populists, but
came to no conclusion. Omaha was se
lected as ihe place for holding the State
Convention. The date was left to the ex
ecutive committee for arrangements, aud
the sentiment expressed in debate exhib
ited a desire to have it after the Populist
and Congressional conventions had taken
place. It will probably occur during the
last wee* in August.
TOM WAT SON'S OPINION.
Sewall Must Retire or the Populists Will
Put Up Another Ticket.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 30.— Tom Watson,
the candidate of the Populists for Vice-
President, telegraphed to the Constitution
this morning as follows:
"In the event that Sewall does not
retire the Populists will put out a full
electoral ticket. There can be no fusion
unless Sewall withdraws. I give you thia
merely as myjopinion."
He sends a second telegram,.in which
he announces the executive committee
will determine all these questions, and
perhaps the State conventions will do it,
and declares that he stands by his letter
to the Augusta Chronicle, in which he
stated that unless Sewall retired there
would be two plans for action. One was
two distinct electoral tickets, and a second
electoral ticket, composed largely of Demo
crats and partly of Populists. He con
cludes his telegram to-day by the
statement: "My own judgment is tbat
we must run a full electoral ticket unless
Sewall retires."
THE NATIONAL PARTI.
riant Presented for an Artire and Tig-
orou* Campaign.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 30.— The Na
tional Executive Committee of the Na
tional party was in session here) to-day.
Plans were presented for an active and
vigorous campaign throughout the coun
try. Ex-Goyemor St. John will at once
begin a month's canvass of Ohio and Penn
sylvania. Mr. Bentley will speak up to
election. His first appointment will be in
Indiana. Mr. Thomas, Mr. Southtjate and
others will also begin campaign work im
mediately. Arrangements were made for
a wide distribution of literature.
The following resolution was adopted
without dissent:
Whereas, The statement Is being indus
triously circulated that the National party haa
been approached with propositions looking to
fusion upon platforms and candidates not un
compromisingly committed to the broad re
form principles lor which our party stands, it
i 8 hereby declared by the National Executive
Commitee that the National party will per
sistently and consistently pursue the purposes
for which it was organize'!, und holding itself
clear from all entangling aud compromising
alliances, will steadily support each and all of
the reforms for which its platform declares, its
candidates, Charles E. Bentloy for President
and James 11. Southgate for V ice-President.
SALFERITES ARE VERY SORE.
"Kick" Over the Indorsement of the Re
publican Candidate*.
DENVER, Colo., July 30.— Every daily
newspaper in the city condemns the con
duct of the majority of the Republican
State Committee for their action ol yester
day in indorsing McKinley and Hobart.
The fact has been shown that the D.-nver
men wno held proxies for remote counties
secured them* by misrepresentation and
their action will not be indorsed. Lauding
business men all deplore the effect tuis
action will produce, and they predict a
defeat of the Republican State ticket and
the return to power of the Populists.
When the country press and the mining
districts are heard from the protests will
be most pronounced. It is given out on
good authority that Senator Wolcott really
desires to secure the gubernatorial nomin
ation lor the purpose of vindicating him
self and to secure a proper recognition in
Colorado of the Republican National
ticket.
The chief canse for protest is because of
the misleading effect of this action in the
Eat t, the Silverites fearing that their cause
will thereby be jeopardized. The effort to
call the State committee together again at
an early date to repudiate the action of
yesterday will be stron ly pushed.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Cot... July 30.-
The general opinion of the majority of
Republicans in this city in regard to the
action of the State committee yesterday is
tbat the majority did right in declaring
for the National ticket. While they are
for union on a State Republican ticket,
they think the State organization should
be preserved in the hands of McKinley
Republicans. Democrat! now hope
strongly ior the election of a straight
Democratic ticket.
Dr. Morton for Congress.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 3a— The Demo
crats of the Thirteenth District at Marion
to-day nominated Dr. J. Morton >of -Tiffin
for ; Congress and - indorsed ; the Chicago
platform. y .-, .'■*••■
Couatnn firm, minuted.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, July 30.—
Congressman Robert G. Cousins was to
day unanimously renominated by the
Filth District Republican convention.
A Jieipondent Jtriver's Act.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 30.— Dan Law
rence, the weil-known racehorse driver,
attempted to commit suicide to-day ia the
grandstand of the racecourse. He had
taken morphine ana laudanum and was
unconscious when found, but physicians
arrived in time and will probably cave
him. He had lost heavily on the races
and at faro.
FOR FUSION WITH
THE DEMOCRATS.
Populists Who Are Ready
to Share the Spoils
of Office,
SPLITTING UP TICKETS.
Leaders in Missouri and North
Dakota Are Afraid to Go
It Alone.
SO A BOURBON TRADE IS ON.
Platforms Tbat Favor the Issuance of
Greenbacks and Free Silver
Coinage.
SEDALIA, Mo., July 30.— The Populist
convention, which met thia morning,
elected S. A. Wright of Springfield per
manent chairman; J. Welier Long of
Kansas City, vice-chairman ; M. V. Car
roll of Lamas, secretary, and Cyrus Pax
son of Kickock County, assistant secre
tary.
The convention decided to put a tull
State and electoral ticket in the field and
to clothe the State Central Committee
with extraordinary power by authorizing
it to form a fusion ticket if deemed neces
sary. On account of tue power invested
in the State Committee that committee
has been doubled.
Chairman Wright in his speech stated
that he believed that the Populiats could
elect Watson Vice-President, and that
they should have their man on the ticket
or lose the whole thing. The sentiment
or a large majority of the delegates is for
forcing such a fusion as will give them
the vote for Vice-President.
The platform favors the issuance of
greenbacks; opposes the issue of bonds;
declares that all mortgaged property
should be assesses to mortgagor and mort
gaged in equal proportions; demands tha
tenactment of laws to enable poor families
o seenre public lands and to prevent
aliens from owning lands in the United
States; also favors a law to put a stop to
pauper immigration. It declares in favor
of a constitutional amendment to revise
article V of the constitution.
The committee on resolutions has pre
pared an address, which will be read to
the convention to-morrow, to suggest
plans for fusion with the Democrats. The
committee adjourned at 10:20 o'clock to
night.
FUSION WITH DEMOCRATS.
How the State Officer* Are Divided in
MortU Itakotit.
FARGO, N. D., July 30.— The Populist
convention met at 9 o'clock this morning,
and the report submitted last night by the
fusion committee to divide up offices be
tween Populists and Democrats was
adopted. This gives the Populists the
office of Governor, Secretary of State, Au
ditor, Commissioner of Agriculture. Judge
of the Supreme Court, three Presidential
Electors and two of the three Railroad
Commissioners. The Democrats were al
lotted Congressman, Lieutenant-Governor,
Treasurer, Attorney-General, Commis
sioner of Insurance, Superintendent of
Public Instruction and one Railroad Com
missioner.
The platform indorses the nominees of
the National Populist party, declares for
silver at 16 to 1, favors prohibition, union
labor and woman suffrage.
NEW TO-DAY.
New Teacher
New Books
New Suit
Boys! — start in the new term right; don't waste money on a
suit by paying a retailer two prices for it. What you save on a
suit buying it here— of the WHOLESALER, at the WHOLESALE
price— will buy all your school books and more too.
.School Suits for boys of 9 to Is years — pants and vest,
single and double breasted, $3 50 arid $4 50. A retailer would look
aghast if you asked him to match them. ' Finer grades for a trifle
more.
Long Pants Suits, 12 to 18 years, $5, $6 and $7 50.
Children's Suits— jacket and pants— 4 to I 4 years, can't be
beat, at $2 and $2.50.
All suits made in latest style from best fabrics, in blue, black,
gray and brown. t
BROWN br ° s * c °
B3HH Wholesale Manufacturers
i Props. Oregon CH» Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and A»e Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
. , ;' .. ' ■ ■■'..- '■■■/■ ■•■• •mm mm . <^# I\9li %^
<^-^>-'*ft> '^t^ j *fo "^> %t ih. "^b "^w- '^> jf^
DD 1 1 O U O FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Dnllarf t »% tr • booto'K^s. bath-
•"■■WllliUhousci, t illlard - UvbleV
bookbinders, .■•; candv^nakers, canneri
overt, flourmlUa, - foundries, laundries, paper! '
bahters, printers, . painters, ■ shoe factories, subia-
«en. tar-rooters, tanners, tailors, etc
-. ._, BUCHANAN BKOS.,
Brush M»nuf»cturer*. 009 b*cr*m«*t«S».
The. maic plank is one relating to rail
road, assessments. They score the present
Republican Board of Equalization for re
ducing the assessment to $2000 per mile,
where the railroad had ■■- agreed to accept
an assessment of $2600 per mile. Aside
from the question of free silver the assess
ment question will be the leading one in
the campaign.
The following ticket was nominated:
Governor, R. B. Richardson, Pembina;
Auditor, J. T. Eager, Stulznian ; Secretary
of State. J. E. Hodgson, .Seargant f Rail
way Commissioners, Oliver" Knudson, Nel
son; and; 0. G. Majors, Steele; Commis
sioner of Agriculture, G. 8. .Reishus, Ward.
♦
Headquarters of the Party.
WASHINGTON. D. C. July 30.— The
National committee of the People's party
bas*decided to make Washington the head
quarters of organization. Campaign litera
ture stored at various places has been
shipped to this city. James A. E igerton
of Nebraska, the secretary of tbe com
mittee, is expected here. Senator Marion
Butler of North Carolina, the chairman,
will be here as much as possible. The in
dications are tbat the Democratic National
and Silver party committees will also
make their headquarters in Washington.
1o Receive OratortS ryan
CHICAGO, Ili*, July 30.— William J.
Bryan will be in Chicago on August 10, on
his way to New York, a letter with that
information being in possession of Secre
tary Burke of the Cook County Demo
cratic Central 'Jommittee, who is making
arrangements for an elaborate reception
by Democrats, Populists and trades union
men. Special trains will be chartered to
meet the nominee at Galesburg, 111., and
escort him to this city. A public recep
tion and a big ratification meeting with
Bryan as the star speaker are on the pro
gramme. The demonstration is designed
to be only a personal testimonial.
m
Military Appointments
WASHINGTON, D.° C, July 30.— The
following appointments to the Military
Academy at West Point are announced:
Elmer L. Ham, Pana, 111.; Paul C. With
erow (alternate), Bpringfield, 111. ; Harry
B. Jordan, Tacoma, Wash.; Henry M.
Boutelle (alternate), Olympia, Wash.
FRI ENDLESS IN CHICAGO.
Fate of a California Girl Who Left Home
for the Stage.
CHICAGO, 111., July 30.— tfellie Beighel,
19 yearo of age, wno adopted the name of
Hazel Wood and the stage as her profes
sion, is supposed to be lost in Chicago,
after having been enticed from her home
in Sacramento, Cal., by promise of an en
gagement at Cripple Creek, Colo.
Mary E. Beighel, the girl's mother, ap
plied to the Crittenton Mission in Sacra
mento for assistance in tracing the daugh
ter when, March 2, the girl was duo at
Cripple Creek, but failed to appear there.
Charies N. Crittenton took a personal
interest in the matter, and white he was
looking in various places for the missing
g rl Mrs. Beighel received a letter purport
ing to come from the daughter. This con
veyed the information that Nellie had
been lured to Chicago by false promises
and that she was in thit city, sick and
without money or friends. Crittenton
sent the letter and such information as he
could collect to Matron Haines of the ■
Florence Crittenton Mission, and Mrs.
Haines has referred the matter to the
police, who will search for the missing
girl. o o ° .
RESTRUCTION OF DERELICTS.
Nations Co- Operate in Clearing Away ••
Thexe Marine Danger*.
NEW YORK, N. V.. July 30.— A Wash- •"
ington special to the Herald says: China*,
is trying to secure international co-opera-
tion in the matter of the destruction of de
relicts. The I'avy Department officials
earnestly nope that China's evident de
sires in this matter will be fulfilled.
Under Commander Sigsbee, chief of the
hydrographic office of the department,
repeated efforts have been made to
secure the co-operation of England in de
stroying derelicts in the traces of the trans-
Atlantic steamers, but Great Britain has
not evidenced any anxiety to adopt the
suggestions of Commander Sigsbee, and
the matter has consequently lagged.
With the co-operation of all the Govern
ments, however, the seas would soon be
cleared of these menaces to navigation.
OOBMOFOXjITAIT.
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Mfth St., S»a
Fr»uci»co, <'•!.— The most select famUV hotel la
the city. Board and room «1. *1 23 »nd $1 50 p«-r
day, according to room. "Mealt Sic Booms 60c
and 75c a day. ' Free coach to and from the ho: el.
Look for th« roach bearing th« name of ■ the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. ' WJL FAHKY .Proprietor.NAVAL OFFICERS
UNDER A CLOUD
Executives of the Charles
ton May Be Court- •
Martialed.
BOUGHT COAL IN HAWAII
Fuel From the Government Stock
Was Not Good Enough
for Them.
THE CKtHSE OF THE CTJSHING.
-'Kirns From the Capital City
■:\ ''"r.Z.\ '':■:' \"6t Interest to Residents of
:{ :''..'•.} .. : '[. • .'••• ' the Coast
••:■; V WASHINGTON, D. C, July 30.—Secre
• "tary Herbert is seriously considering tne
/•'advisability of ordering a naval court
martial to try the officers of the United
States ship Charleston, which vessel re
cently arrived in San Francisco from
Honolulu. It is charged against Captain
:..' Coffin, his chief engineer and the pay-
master that, instead of coaling tbe Charles
ton from the Government coal pile at
Honolulu, the vessel's officers purchased
fuel from private contractors at $12 per
ton, the total cost being $6000. In justifi
cation of their conduct the Charleston*
officers say that they did not like tile Gov
ernment coal at Honolulu.
The Call correspondent learned at the
Navy Department to-day that a court
martial would probably soon be convened
at Mare Island.
Naval officers stationed in Washington
were much gratified to-day upon receipt of
news that Lieutenant J. C. Colwell, execu
tive officer of the Kutahdin, who was
court-martialed for assault, had been ac
quitted and restored to duty. Admiral
Bunce, who ordered tbe trial court, has
approved this verdict. Lieutenant Colwell
is well and favorably known at Mare
Island.
.Harry B. Jordan of Tacoma, Wash., has
been appointed cadet to West Point, and
Henry M. Boutelleof Olympia alternate.
The torpedo-boat Cushinp, which 'has
been lying at Washington navy-yard, for
seyeral months, left there this morning
for New York on her way to Newport,
where she will be stationed for the rest of
the summer for duty in connection with
torpedo practice.
She will make the entire journey by the
inland passage, and will stop at New York
for a few days to take on necessary stores.
The Cushing has already traversed this
route several times, and there 4s no longer
any doubt of its practicability for naval
vessels of light draught. The trip is made
by way of Chesapeake Bay, Delaware Bay
and Long Island Sound and intersecting
cahal. '
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Robert S. of Vancouver Barracks will
be discharged from the army.
The annual report of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue issued to-day shows
that $2,554,131 was collected in reVenues in
California during the fiscal year just
ended.
Pensions: California — Original — Ed
ward, de St. Maurice, Colusa; John Ott,
Fofdiers' Home, Los Angeles; Lee K. Jan
ney,' Los Angeles; Amelia Mezzara
(iiurse), San Francisco. Restoration —
LeyL Locher (increased), San Francisco.'-
Itrcrease— Daniel H. Parsous, Santa Ana.
Original widow— Catherine P.Buck, Camp
bell.- , o
AGUIRRE TO BE PROTECTED.
Spaniards in Cuba Will Have- f Try
Him Fairly-
NEW YOKK, N. V.. July 30.— A special
to o the Herald from Washington says:
The Unitefl States has thrown°its protect
ing arm around* George W.* Aguirre, the
American citizen under arrest in Havana,
Cuba. Acting under instructions cabled
by Actfng Secretary of State Rockhill Con
sul-General., Lee has demanded of tbe
Spanish authorities of Cuba that Asuirre
be released or that his case be turned over
to the civil courts fqr trial.
A*;uirre?s case in some respects resem
bles thoseof the Competitor prisoners, and
it may be that the Spanish authorities
will .pursue the policy of delay in the
Aguirre matter that they have forlowe4 in
the Competitor affair.
Aguirre was tried some days ago, ac
cordingto State Department information
from Cnba, by a marine court-martial.
But nis case being claimed by the military
service, he was remanded to it for trial by
a military tribunal.
Military officials say that the Spanish
authorities have an idea that Aguirre is a
spy, and intend to try him on this charge.
It is the department's intention to closely
follow his casse, however, and a strong pro
test will be filed and further action will
be taken hi case the "Havana authorities
should pass an unduly severe osentence0 sentence on
the prisoner.
GOLD EXP LORED TO BE CRECKED.
Xeui^ York Importers Hill llnndto Only
'• a sterling Exchange. ' o <
•NEW YORK, NY., July 30.-In order
that the work assumed by the foreign ex- =
change syndicate of so controlling the
New York market for sterling exchanfee'
that there will be no exports of gold •for
the next three or four months may be
effective, measures o have been taken to se
cure the co-ojperation of the principal im
porters. It was learned yesterday that
several ,of the largest, importing houses
here had expressed their willingness to
work in harmony, with the syndicate's
plans in tbrf purchase of sterling ex
chanae.
, The New York importers bvfy an im
mense amount of ■ foreign exchange in the
natural course of business, and should they
come to an understanding where°by most
of them will buy and handle sterling ex
change only within, the lines marked out
by the foreign exchange bankers' commit
tee, the snecess of that committee's task is
assured. It is understood that a large pro
portion of the importing firms have already
agreed to buy, only such exchange as their
business actually needs, and they will pay
for it such rates \ as may be agreed on as
being fair and reasonable under 0 the cir
cumstances. 9119t9£
CUTTING WESTERS RATES.
There Is a Prospect of n Lively Passen
per War at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., July 30.— There is still
a prospect of a lively passenger rate war
to the West. No agreement was reached
by the Western Passenger Association at
its meetings yesterday and to-day. In
speaking of the matter Chairman Cald
well said that everything would be all
right if the roads would only stick to the
$30 rate to Salt Lake, but that there was
every danger that a further cut would be
made.
"The original cut to the fir« chiefs'
meeting has not tended to soften the
Lard feelings already existing between the
.roads, but if we can keep the $30 rate to a
one-day limit I think everything will turn
out all rittbt," said. Caldwell. Should one
oi the roads make a further cut an utter
demoralization of rates is feared.
MISSING INSURANCE MAN.
Squandered Poor People' s Money and
Thru Ititappeared.
NEW YQRK, N. V., July 30.-A special
to the Recorder from Syracuse, N. V.,
says: Orrin N. Lumbert, president of the
Industrial Benefit Association of this city,
an assessment insurance company with a
large membership, has left town and his
whereabouts are unknown. Last week the
affairs of the association were placed in
the hands of a receiver, and about the
same, time Lumbert disappeared.
The receiver has been unable to locate
any cash assets of the concern, but it is
learned that sums of money aggregating
oetween $6000 and $10,000 have been drawu
from the banks where the association's
money, was deposited.
These. drafts were made upon checks
payable to Lumbert. The receiver of the
association is besieged by persons anxious
to know what, if anything, they are to
receive in return for money they have in
vesjed with the company. Many of these
people* are poor, aged and decrepit, and
the matter has assumed a very serious
aspect. Humbert spent money lavishly
and made considerable effort for social
recognition. The receiver cannot find the
books of the concern, which have dis
appeared also. It is believed that they
are in the hands of a New Jersey concern.
WAGES TO BE REDUCES.
Pennsylvania Ironworkers Will l.ote
One- Tenth Their Pay.
NORRISTOWN, Pa., July SO.— Notice
has been posted by R. Hecksher & Son, at
their blast-lurnace at Swedeland, that be
ginning August 1 reduction of wages will
go into' effect. Common labor will be re
duced 10 per cent and bosses and superin
tendents 20 per cent. About 2000 men
will be affected.
Notice of the reduction has created
great dissatisfaction among the man and
soßie of them predict that unless the firm
agrees to pay every two weeks, instead of
monthly, as at present, ther*> will be a
strike. By way of equalizing matters, so
far as circumstances justify, tbe firm has
reduced the rent ,of its tenants $1 per
month. The reduction is attributed to a
depressed condition of the iron market,
due to overproduction and the free-silver
agitation.
STRIKERS BURN A MINING PLANT.
Fifty Thousand Dollars Lost in an Incen
diary Jr'ire.
SULLIVAN, Ind., July 30.— At 2:30 this
morning a body of striking miners weneto
the Hymera mines, and, after placing a
guard over the three night watchmen, set
fire to the plant. It was totally destroyed
and burning timbers fell into the shaft
and set fire to the mine below.
Its work done, the mob left and went
east toward Clay County. The mines be
long to the old Pittsburg Coal Company of
Chicago. The loss is estimated at nearly
$50,000.
FIENDS IN HUMAN FORM.
Wkitecaps Tie Up a Defense
less Woman and Beat Her
• Brutally.
The Unfortunate Victim's House
.\ Burned and Her Furniture
.". ' Demolished. * .'
BIIOOMINGTO^ Ind., JulySO.-Agrgss
outrage 0 was committed at Modesto, a
small town near here, a few nights ago,
the details of which leaked out to-day. A
strong effort was made by certain influen
tial people to keeD the matter quiet, but it
was Of such a fiendish and cruel character
that it could not be concealed. The
trouble occurred over certain rumors con
nected with the character of a Mrs. Nettie
Chrisman, who was living there.
Nothing definite against her was known,
except the fact that she had incurred t£e
enmity of certain people.
Threats had been made of some action
to be taken in her case, but the woman
paid no attention to them and went ahead
attending to her business. A few nights
ago, whiie she was sleeping quietly at her
home, a loud knock at the aoor awakened
her. She looked out of the window and
saw a crowd of thirty men standing out
side in the moonlight. She recognized
them at once as whitecaps. Hastily bar
ring t&e door and oiling some furniture
against it she anxiously awaited develop
ments..
Alter the first knock the men patiently
waited .ten minutes and then several of
them hammered on the door quite
vigorously.
"If you don't open the door," shouted
one of them, "we will break it down."
Mrs. Chrisman kept perfectly quiet,
hoping the men would co away.
They bad no such intention, however.
In a very few minutes they battered the
door down and rushing into the house
seized the woman. She was only
partially dressed and she begged them
piteously not to harm her.
The brutes, however, paid no attention
to her entreaties, but dragged her out into
the open air. A rope was then produced
and after being fastened around her wrists
it waa passed over the limb of a tree and
tightened so that her whole body was
lilted clear of the ground.
The woman screamed with agony. The
cords cut into her wrists and blood trickled
down her arms. The men laughed at her
when she begged them to cut her down.
Not -content with that cruelty the wretches
determined on further brutality. Long
keen switches were produced, and several
men began, to beat the woman unmerci
fully. She finally became unconscious.
The crowd then took all of the furniture
out of the house and threw it into the road
way." Afterward they set fire to the house.
At last accounts the woman was in a
precarious condition. Great indignation
is" felt about the outrage.
RETTRATST AT A PARROT.
Officers Capture a Counterfeiter Who
Clung to His Pet.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., July 30.— The pre
liminary bearing in the case of William
Sands, alias Dr. Clark of Buffalo, who js
charged with extensive counterfeiting, is
in progress to-day before United States
Commissioner Romaine. bands is the
man whose devotion to a parrot resulted
in bis losing his liberty. He nas owned
tne bird — a magnificent creature with
green, red and yellow plumajre and re
markably endowed with the gift of gab,
not only in English, but in Spanish and
French— for -several years, and wherever
he went the parrot went with him. In
formation given by Sands' accomplices
put the detectives on his track, and by the
parrot he was traced through the Catskilla
and hall a dozen towns in the upper part
of the State and finally down tne New
York Central road and across the bay to
Jersey City, the entire search occupying
several , weeKs. The parrot is now in
charge of the United States officers who
made the arrest, but although it keeps on
repeating, "Too bad, too bad, master's in
trouble— locked up," it does not know
enough to be used as a witness. Sands
has made a partial confession and is will
ing to "peach" on his associates.
Director of the Union Pacific.
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 30.— John
Sheridan of West Virginia has been ap
pointed Government director of tne Unior!
Pacific Railroad to succeed Consul-General
Lee. Until tbe last Democratic conven
tion he was National Committeeman from
West Virginia,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
THE TREASURY
DEFICIT GROWING,
Extremely Bad Beginning
of the New Fiscal
Year.
THIS MONTH'S SHORTAGE
Thirteen Million Dollars Excess
of Expenditures Over
Receipts.
EXCUSES OF THE OFFICIALS.
Payment of the Sugar Bounties Will
Prevent Any Improvement
in August.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 80.—To
morrow is the last day of the first month
of this fiscal year. The deficit of the
treasury is to-day thirteen and a half
millions for the first month. It will be re
duced by methods so well known to treas
ury officials by about half a million to
morrow, so that the shortage for the first
month will be only thirteen millions.
It is statedat the treasury, in extenua
tion of this appalling. deficit, that the first
month of every fiscal year always shows
the heaviest expenditures of -the year.
There are the deficiency appropriations
coming over from the preceding fiscal year
to be met, and the expenses of all depart
ments are always of unusual amount.
Thus this month $13,000,000 was spent by
the Pension Bureau, $7,000,000 was paid
out in interest, more than $5,000,000 .was
required for the War Department, $4,000,
-000 for the Navy Department, and over
$12,000,000 in other departments not speci
fied in the above list.
The deficit for the month snould prop
erly be $18,000,000, inasmuch as Secretary
Carlisle promised the Louisiana and Call*
fornia sugar planters again and again that
the $5,000,000 for sugar bounty would be
paid out. this month. In view of the
•startling proportions which the deficit was
already acquiring early in the month, Mr.
Carlisle simply suspended the fulfillment
of such promises. He has given directions,
however, that the $5,000,000 shall be paid
next month, and first payments will be
made oo next Monday. With $5,000,000
suear bounty to be paid out of the treas
ury during tne month «i August, little
hope is entertained by the treasury officials
that the deficit for the second month of
the fiscal year will be much smaller than
that for the first.
The feeling among well-informed of
ficials as to the treasury's prospects for
this year is by no means sanguine. In
spite of all that is printed by free-trade
writers the customs receipts, under the
Wilson bill are not improving. On the
contrary, they are steadily falling off.
Internal revenue receipts, or at least that
portion derived from the whisky tax, snow
a growth. This is accounted for by the
fact that all the whisky which was hur
riedlytaken out of bond just before the
Wilson bill increasing the whisky tax
from 90 cents to $1 10 per gallon went into
effect has now been consumed.
It is not believed that the Presidential
campaign this year will have much effect
on importations. In the two preceding
Presidential elections, tariff being the
overwhelming issue, importers held back
all goods ordered until after tne ejections.
There is such a Btrong feeling, However,
among business men that there will be
no tariff legislation for years to come, no
matter now the election goes, chat there
will be no noticeable effect in the customs
receipts this summer and fall.
Treasury experts have, of coarse, no ex
pectation that the promise of a surplus of
$7,000,000 at the end of this year, made
by Secretary Carlisle? in his last annual
report, will be fulfilled. They expect the
usual deficit.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the Motional League
Yesterday.
CLUBS.
Won.
Lost.
Per
Cent.
Cincinnati
Baltimore
Cleveland
Chicago
Pit is burg.
Boston
Philadelphia
Brook H»n
Washington 
New York
St. Louis
Louisville
61
54
M
62
45
48
89
88
34
M
27
21
38
n
30
88
89
89
44
45
45
49
58
60
.683
.666
.647
.577
.535
.524
.469
.457
.480
.402
317
.-.i59
BROOKLYN, N. V. ( July 30.— teams
played a perfect fielding game to-day, but the
Senators should have won, as they outb» tted
the home players. - However, the visitors were
fortunate la scoring all of their runs after two
men were out. ; A few minutes before the game
waft to begin a heavy shower passed over the
grounds and delayed the game for fifty min
utes, and compelled it to be called at the end
of the ninth on account of .darkness. Score:
Brooklyn*— 4. 5, 1; Washingtona— 4, 10 1
Batteries— Abbey and Grim; McJamea and Mc-
Guire. Umpire— ■>•
. BOSTON, Mass., July 30.— Boston appeared
to have a winning lead up to the eighth inning v
when Stivetts weakened., In the eighth Balti
more tied, and in the ninth pounded out five
rum.- Only one hit was made off Hemmine
after the .fifth inning. Attendance 2150
Score: Bostons— s. l2, 4 ; Baltimore*— 10 13
1. Batteries— Stlvetu and Ganzell; Hemmlne
and Clark. Umpire—
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., July 30.—Philadel
phia, beat the New York club again to-day in a
well-played game by superior all-around work
The batting of the Phillies was • terrific eight
of their twelve hits being two and three bap
gers and a home. run. Attendance 2300.
Score: Phlladelphias— ll, 12, 3; New Yorks—
9, 11, 2. Batteries— Gumbert and Clements;
Sullivan and Wilson. , Umpire— Sheridan
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 30.-Pitt B burg out
played Cincinnati at all points of the came
?i! n a ernoo f..* I l (1 wo . eaBlly - Attendance
3000. Score: Cincinnatis— 5, 2; Pitubures—
8, 14. 1. Batteries— Foreman and Peitz- Haw
ley and Merritt. Umpire— Lally
ST. LOUIS, ; Mo., Jufy 30.-Both sides were
blanked up to the seventh inning to-day when
the Clevelands by lucky hitting got four runs.
The Browns fought hard. Young , relieved
Cuppy in the >■ ninth and pitched the Browns
out. Attendance ; 2000. . Score: St. Louis—
12. 0; Clevelands-4, 13. 3. Batteries-^
Young, ■. Cuppy.' and dimmer; Kissinger and
McFarland. Umpire— Betts. ■ -
- CHICAGO, 111., July 30.— Chicago-Louisville
game postponed.
RACES IN THE EAST.
Horses That Finished Fi r »t, Second or
Third Yesterday.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 30.— Superb
weather and an exceedingly fast track
drew 10,000 persons *o the grand circuit
races at the GJenville Track to-day.
Cleveland society filled the boxes and the
paddock was jammed with drags and
private coaches. The sensational per
formance of the day was the work of Miss
Jennings, a chestnut mare owned by
Dave Phillips of Bradford, Pa. This was
her second race. This afternoon she
went out in the 2:20 pacing class, nego
tiated three wonderful heats and reduced
her record to 2:08l£. The little mare
worked like a bit of perfectly adjusted
machinery. She was driven by Alonzo
McDonald*.
Klamath, the California gelding, showed
himself to be a great racehorse in the
2:09 trot. He had a hard fight in each
heat, but won off the reel.||ln order to do
so, however, he was compelled to lower
his record to2:oBJ^ Summaries:
2:19 class, trotting, purse $2600, unfinished
from yesterday, one heat only needed to de
cide, Derby Princess won, Edmonia second,
Atlantis third. Best time. 2:13.
2:15 class, trotting, purse $2500. Newcastle
won, Jimmy Hogue second, Bassora third. Best
time, 2:13%.
2:20 class, pacin?, purse $500, Miss Jennings
won, Mocking Boy second, Sherman Clay third.
Best time, 2:084.
2:09 class, trotting, purse $2000, Klamath
won, Kentucky Union second, Lord Ciiltou
third. Best time, 2:OS^.
LATONIA, Ky., July 30.—
One mile, Frontman won, Miss Emma second,
Bir Vassar third. Time, 1:42%.
Five and a half furlongs, Ft V won, Rey del
Angels second, Irby third. Time, 1:10^.
One and a sixteenth miles, Captive won,
Judah second, Martin third. Time, 1 :47%
6ix furlongs. First Mate won, Moylan second,
Motilla third. Time, 1 :16>,£.
Five lurlongs, Black Heart won, Let Fly sec
ond. Altanera third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile, Allegra won, Cecil second Clissie
B third. Time, 1 :41%.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. V., July 30.
Mile and a sixteenth, Deer Slayer won, Man
chester second. Time, 1 :495^.
Five furlongs. Ihe Manxman won. Pass Over
second, Abrente third. Time, l:O3J£.
Six furlongs, Sherlock won, Tremargo sec
ond, Refugee third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs, Mohawk Prince won, Suisitn
second, St. Bartholomew third. Time, 1:03.
Five furlongs, Irish Reel won, Ferrier sec
ond, Hanwell third. Time. 1:03.
Mile and a half. Defender won, Mirage sec
ond, Eno third. Time, 2:42%
ST. LOUIS, Ma, July 30 —One mile, Loyal
Princess won, Little Billy second, Signora
third. Time, 1:42%.
Five and a hah furlongs, Belva Dell won,
Sea Robber second, Bill Dawdy third. Time
1 :09,^.
Mue and seventy yards. Ace won, Royal
Choice second, Mot. tell third. Time, I :4UW.
One mile, Fayette Belle won, Alberts sec
ond, Immilda third. Time, 1:42%.
One mile, Blacking Brush won, Out Away
second, Bob dampen third. Time, 1 :42%.
Six furlongs. Johnny McHale won, Leader
Ban second, Free Advice third. Time, 1:13%.
- ■♦
Pour Lightning Trotting Beats.
PORTLAND. Me., July 30.— The fastest
four-heat tiotting race of the season in
the United Stages was made by Page over
the Rigby Park' to-day. Page also took
from Ariou the two-year-old record 'of
2:10^ by matin: 2:09^. Page won the
second, third and fourth heats in 2:09«£.
2:11 and 2:11?£. Vega won the first heat
in 2:lo}*. _
A Lodi Wheelman Chosen,
LODI, Cal., July 30.— Theron R. Lillie
«f this place has been selected as one of
the transcontinental relay bicycle racers
for the ride next month. He has the
route through the snowsheds from Dutch
Flat to Truckee. He is the man who
made the first official bicycle record from
San Francisco to New York.
IDENTITY OF THE DEAD OUTLAW
The Man Killed by Sheriff Douglass of
Nevada County Had Many
Aliases.
.NEVADA CITY. Cal,, July SO.— lt
transpired to-day that a mistake had been
made in tbe name of the highwayman
killed near this city on Sunday afternoon
by Sheriff Douglass. The stranger worked
four days at Marsh's sawmill, six miles
from here, where he gave the name of W.
L. Davidson.° Soon after the body was
brouglit to town M. L. Marsh Identified it
as that of the men he, had hired and who
quit so soon «f terward. He said the dead
man's name was C. Meyers. An examina
tion of the books shows that he gave the
name of Davidson.' This difference in
name may be the means of learning his
real identity, although he doubtless had
many aliases. •
The information that the robber was the
stepson of Theodore Winters was sent
here from Marysville and was based upon
statements made to parties in. that place
by a man supposed to be thte fellow who
was killed by Sheriff Douglass.
Nothing new has developed in the
search for the other outlaw. The suspect
has succeeded in getting beyond the
reach of the officers. Some persons are
still of the opinion that the dead robber
and the Sheriff were the only participants
in tbe shooting. One theory upon which
this belief is founded is that Douglass
came upon the robber unawares and or
dered him to surrender, that the latter
reached for his rifle, when Douglass fired,
shooting him through the abdomen.
Seeing tUat the fellow was badly
wounded be ceased firing and approached
the prostrate man for the purpose of de
termining tbe extent of the wound and
placing him in a comfortable position,
and that he made a pillow of the robber's
coat and placed it beneath bis head.
Seeing tbat the coat made a very flimsy
bolster he took off his own coat or duster
and started to roll it up to add to the pil
low; that while folding the coat he laid
his pistol down, and the robber, having
still considerable vitality left, grabbed the
pistol and fired at Douglass, tbe bullet
striking him in the hand; that Douglas?,
finding himself unarmed and wounded,
turned to run, and was shot in the back,
receiving a mortal wound; that the rob
ber, realizing that he was himself fatally
wounded, placed the muzzle of the pistol
to his own breast and sent a bullet
through his heart.
The wound in the robber's side was
powder burned, indicating that it had been
received at close range. This theory wou!d
account for the four empty chambers in
Sheriff Douglass' pistol when it was found.
The Coroner's jury in the case of the
robber rendered a verdict last night, find
ing that deceased was about 35 years of
age, and that he came to his death from a
gun-shot wound inflicted by Sheriff Doug
lass.
To-day the inquest on the dead Sheriff
was continued. Numerous witnesses were
examined, but few new facts of any con
sequence were elicited. This afternoon
the jury were taken in a four-horse rig to
the scene of the killing, and to-night the
taking of testimony will be resumed.
D. F. Roddan of Wheatland, agent of
the Covenant Mutual Life Association of
Galesburg, 111., was in town to-day and
states that Sheriff Douglass had his life
insured for $5000 in his company. Mrs
Douglass is very sick and was taken to
San Francisco for medical treatment.
Saturday the Board of Supervisors will
appoint a successor to the late Sheriff.
The following have petitions in circula
tion : Norval Dougiass Sr., father of de
ceased ; J. H. Pascoe, present Under
Sheriff; D. McPbetres of Truckee. E.
Northup and M. Hogan of North San
Juan, D. B. Getchell and J. A. Rapp of
Nevada City.
Irxt-uty Gold lieterve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 30.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $108,655,216. Tbe
day's withdrawals were $^58,500.
Xafional Guards in Cntnp.
JACKSON, Miss., July 30— The annual
encampment of the Mississippi National
Guard opened to-day in the grove imme
diately norm of Millsap's College. It is
named "Camp McLaurin" in honor of
Mississippi's distinguished Governor.
ACTIVE POLITICS
ON THE COAST,
Southern California Popu
lists Desert the Demo
crats.
ENTHUSIASM IN SPOKANE
Oregon Third-Party Men Will
Send Delegates to Indian
apolis.
NEW CLUBS BEING FORMED.
Silver Advocates of All Parties Have
Combined Forces in Wash
ington.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., . July 30.— A ma
jority of the *. Populist delegates to the
Congressional convention of that party,
which ,' will be held at San Luis Obispo,
August 11, held a secret conference in this
city this afternoon, the' result of which
will doubtless have an important bearing
on the Democratic Congressional conven
tion which meets at Ventura, August 4.
The' conclusion of the conference favors
an out-an-out Populist candidate, regard
less of the action of .the Democrats, so far
as avowed candidates for the nomination
are concerned. This means that neither
'George Patton, nor L.- J. Rose, one of
whom seems certain of nomination, as
matters now stand, can get the indorse
ment of the Populists.
The Populists argue that since they have
declared their willingness to support the
Democratic nominee for the Presidency,
the Congressional candidate should be
conceded to them, since, according to the
results of two years ago in this district,
they polled ..nearly as many votes as did
the Democrats. Tnis unexpected move
on the part of the Populists argues
strongly in favor of a very dark horse with
pronounced Populistic - tendencies win
ning at Ventura. _■
ts>
FUSION IN WASHINGTON.
Silverite* of All Parties Hold a Combing^
tion Mass- Meeting.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 30.— Democrats,
Populists and free silver Republicans
joined ih a mammoth mass-meeting to
night and ratified the nomination of Bryan
and Sewall. Fully 6000 people were pres
ent and hall as many more were turned
away.
Judge Orange 'Jacobs, c. veteran Repub
lican who participated at the birth of that
party, he being territorial ex-chief justice
and an ex-member of Congress, presided
as chairman of the meeting. Seated about
him on tbe stage were such life-long Re
publicans as Colonel George G. Lvon, Hon.
John Wiley, Hon. Charles F. "Fishbaek
and Dr. G. V. Calhoun, a Harrison Presi
dential elector. Populists were also very
much in evidence, a number of State lead
ers occupying places of honor upon the
stage.
The audience proved a most enthusiastic
one, and every point scored elicited the
wildest applause. During the course of
his remarks Hon. Williata H. White, in
referring to the bolt from the. Democratic
party of rich men and Democratic editors,
exclaimed:
"Lot them go. For every plug hat that
walks out of the party three pairs of over
alls join it."
Replying also, to strictures upon the
party for criticizing the Supreme Court
for its decision on tKe income tax law Mr.
White said: "Our answer is that platform
upon which immortal Lincoln stood and
denounced the .Supreme Court for its
Dred Scott decision.
SANTA CLARA REPUBLIC A NS.
Young Men Organize a J.engua Amid
Much t.nthxitinnin.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 30.— The Santa
Clara County Young Men's Republican
League was organized in this city this
evening amid much enthnsiasm. Dr. D.
F. McGraw was elected temporary chair
man and Dr. A. 6. Bennett Jr. as tempor
ary secretary. The league is for the pur
pose of organizing and having jurisdiction
over Republican clubs to be formed in
every township in the county. The league
will itself be under the jurisdiction of the
district league and the State league of
Republican clubs. A number of the prom
inent young men of this city beccme
members and signified their intention of
doing aggressive work for the Republican
cause during the coming campaign. It
was decided to form flambeau or uniform
clubs in the near future to participate in
rallies and public demonstrations.
OREGON'S DEMOCRATIC GOLD BUGS
Preparations to Send a Delegate to the
Indianapolis Convention.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 30.— The Demo
cratic National Committee held a confer
ence here to-day, and prepared a call for
Democrats throughout the State to
meet in Portland at an early date to
choose a National committeeman for dele
gate to Indianapolis August 7. The meet
ing is the result of a telegram received
from General Bragg of Wisconsin, who is
chairman of the sound p.cney Democratic
committee. The sound money Democrats,
though few in number, are satisfied from
this that every State will co-operate in the
movement, and that the nomination of a
sound money Democrat as candidate for
President is assured.
JV>«O San Jos* Clubs.
SAN JOSE. Cal., July 30.— The Young
Men's Political Club of this city per
fected its organization last evening by
adopting a constitution and by-laws. The
club is non-partisan and starts with a good
menioership. The officers are: President,
F. C. Jacobs; vice-president, Walter
Christman; secretary, F. de Puis; treas
urer, James A. Kid ward.
A Bryan silver club has been organized
at Santa Clara. It starts with a member
ship of sixty -three. The officers are:
President, L. f. Swift; vice-president, J.
M. Kimberlin; secretary, D. W. James;
treasurer, L. C. McKenney. This is the
first Democratic club to be formed in the
county for this campaign.
Santa Cruz McKinlryite*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 30.— The Mc-
Kinley Club met to-night and after the
transaction of routine business heard re
ports from various members as to the
prospects of the club. There have been
about 100 names added to the original roll
in tbe past few days, and many young men
who will cast their first vote thi« fall are
coming into the club. Tbe Republicans
of Santa Cruz and the county are solidly
in line for the National ticket.
Futioti in Washington.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 30.— The Spo
kane County Populist Convention, which
is in session here, has passed a resolution
favoring fusion with Democrats and silver
Republicans on legislative and county
tickets. Delegates to the State Populist
Convention, which meets at Ellensburg
August 12, were instructed to suppoit the
movement for silver forces to all unite on
Bryan and Sewall electors.
OFFER TO COMPROMISE.
Action of the Santa Clara Valley Agri
cultural Society.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 30.— The directors
of the Santa Clara Valley Agricultural So
ciety at a meeting held this afternoon
adopted a resolution to compromise on a
50 per cent basis with all persons indebted
to the society for penalties imposed for
entries during 1893. 1894 and 1895. The
offer will Hold good until September 1.
The matter of holding a sounty iair was
discussed, and a committee was appointed
to secure the co-operation of the Board of
Trade and San Jose Grange. Canvassers
will be appointed to sell tickets, and if the
sales reach $750 a four days' fair, includ
ing a speed programme and an exhibit in
thep avilion, will be given. If the sales
fall below that sum no fair will be held.
GRASS VALLEY CONFLAGRATION.
Started in the Oparn- House and Con
sumed an Entire Block.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., July 30.— A
great fire raged here to-night. It started
in Argall's Opera-house, burning the en.
tire block on East Mill street from Neal to
Bank, and rapidly spread to the west side
of Mill. The firemen worked hard and
the wind was favorable. Thousands of
dollars' worth of property has gone up in
flames. At 11 o'clock the fire was under
control.
Charge of Assault Dismissed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 30.— The trial of
ex- Railroad Commissioner James W. Rea
on a charge of assault, preferred by Frank
lin Hitchborn, was held at Palo Alto to
day before Justice Gilbert G. Wigle, and
resulted in the dismissal of the case.
The case grew ont of the ejection of
Hitchborn from a meeting of the Santa
Clara County Republican Club. Hitch
born had no invitation to be present, and
Rea, as senreant-at-arms, put the tres
passer out. The testimony taken was to
the effect that Rea did noi use any more
force than was necessary to get the in
truder out of'the hall.
Good Pacing at Butte.
BUTTE, Most.. July 30.— 1t was a great
day at the West Side races to-day. The
track was in splendid condition and the
events were full of surprises. The most
exciting race was the first one, 2:18 class
pacing, three in five. It took rive heats to
decide the race. It was won by McDowell's
splendid driving of Welcome.
Pacing, 2:18 class, purse $000, Glen- Arthur
won the first heat. Welcome the second,
fourth and fifth, and Sophia R tbe third and
second money, Glen-Arthur tnird money and
80110 fourth. Best time, 2 :15.
Running, six furlongs, Notice won, Nervoso
second. Allahabad third. Time, 1:16%.
Running, five furlongs, Sam Lucas won. Bill
Howard second, May W third. Time, 1:00%.
Running, six furlongs, Encino won, imp.
Fullerton Lass second, Tennessee Maid third.
Time, 1:16%.
Running, six furlongs, Dara won. Democrat
second, Raindrop third. Time, 1 :16?;£.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES,
Young People's Christian Union
of Southern California in
Convention.
Opening Proceedings of an Interesting
Character Followed by Nomi
nation of Officers-
Los Angeles Office of The Call, )
328 South Broadway. >
Los Angeles, Cal., July 30.)
The Young People's Christian Union of
Southern California opened its third an
nual convention at the United Presby
terian church here last night. George
Hill presided. The devotional exercises
were led by J. A. Nelson of Wildomar.
Delegates were present from the First and
Third United Presbyterian churches of
Los Angeles, from Pasadena, Santa Ana,
San Diego and Pomona, who made reports
of tbe work at these points. The address
of welcome was made by Thornton Fitz
hugh, repreaensative from Immanuel
Church and president of tbe local Chris
tian Union Endeavor. The sermon of the
evening was delivered by Rev. E. S. Mc-
Kitrick, D.D., of Pasadena.
A nominating committee, consisting of
Mr. Henderson of Wildomar, Miss Crabbe
of Los Angeles, Miss Finley of Santa Ana,
Miss Hommei of Pasadena and Miss Hill
of San Diego, was appointed to report on
officers for the ensuing year.
To-day the opening devotional exercises
were conducted by 8. A, McCormick.
Business followed in which the nominat
ing committee made their report, tbe fol
lowing officers being put in nomination :
President, Miss Mary Hill, Pasadena;
vice-president, Miss Grace Finley; secre
tary, Mrs. Julia Jamieson; treasurer, Miss
Mary Hill, San Diego.
This evening the exercises were: Sab
bath-school work, Rey. Will W. Logan,
Los Angeles; "Our Ruie of Life," Rev. M.
M. Kilpatrick, Santa Ana.
SUCCUMBED TO HIS WOUNDS.
X Clot of Blood Carries Off Wong Chee,
a Xoted Chinaman.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 30.— Wong
Chee, one of the n?ost noted Chinamen on
the Pacific Coast, who was shot Mcnday
evening on Alameda street in this city,
died this morning. Wong Chee's death
was a surprise to his friends, and more so
to Dr. Bryant, who was attending the
wounded Celestial. Said Dr. Bryant:
"I was never more taken back in my life.
I left Chee about 8:30 o'clock last evening
and he was doing nicely. When I left
him he had just been given a goodly al
lowance of rice tea and was sitting up in
bed writing. I remarked just before I ieft :
'Chee, you are feeling much better?' He
nodded bis head in the affirmative. His
pulse and temperature were good and his
wouuds were healing nicely."
At 11 o'clock a post mortem was held
when it was revealed that death was due
to a clot of blood found in the blood ves
sels of the brain caused by the bullet
wonnd.
:-^"1 • ~ - BmbJow is" your liver If
your liver is in bad condition, if your stom-
ach is in disorder, if you are suffering from
constipation, you will ] find *it best to get
ready relief, and you will if you get
RAILROAD ASSESSMENTS,
Interesting Proceedings Before
the Stats Board of
Equalization.
Elaborate Compilation of Statistics
Which Greatly Impressed
That Body.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 30.— The
Board of Equalization spent the morn
ing listening to the extended argument
of Thomas Mellersh, the secretary and
controller of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Coast Railroad, why the assess
ments on the railroad property gener
ally, and his road in particular, should
be reduced. Mellersh presented statis
tics purporting to show that the railroads
throughout the United States were as
sessed out of all proportion to other prop
erty. He showed that in 1892 fifty-two
roads went into the hands of receivers,
and iii the first half year of 1895 twenty
five roads were foreclosed. The average
rate per ton of freight moved was reduced
from 1.236 cents in 1894 to .851 cents in
1895, but the assessments had not been
lowered in conformity.
£The question of using the income of the
road as a criterion for valuation came up
at this point. Governor Budd advanced
the idea that the market value of the stock
would fix the value of the road.
Chairman Morehouse assed if the stock
could not be manipulated and run up or
down as the occasion suggested.
Speaking for his road, Mr. Mellersh
stated that it was assessed at the rate of
$11,400 per mile. Mellersh stated that the
operating expenses were greater than ordi
narily over a large portion of the road.
To the casual onlooker the proceedings
were dry and uninteresting, yet to the
members of the board they were replete
with interest and gave a better insight
into the workings and requirements of the
great railway systems of the world than
could be acquired in years of study, and
from the compilation of volumes of
statistics to-day the board fully realized
that they were addressed by men who had
given years of study to the question and.
were probably the best informed in this
line of any on the coast.
Another tning which materially aided
to insure them a hearty welcome was the
fact that they made no plea for any reduc
tion of their tax levy, and yet their argu
ments, in which they clearly demonstrated
that railroad property was assessed tqually
as well if not better than individual prop
erty, had great weight with the board and
the correctness of the schedules presented
were without cavil. Mr. Mellersh's chief
object was to impress upon the mind of
the board that railroads should be assessed
in accordance with their gross earnings.
Governor Budd spoke in favor of raising
rather than lowering values, claiming that
if values were doubled the tax rate would
be cut by one-half. He claimed that the
high tax rate obtained in California kept
capital from investing.
In his closing argument Mr. Mellersh
said: "If the State must have money to
pay outstanding and prospective debts the
board must assess property at such a rate
as will enable it to raise the money. It
is observable that private property is as
sessed moderately. The Btate needs more,
and instead of the needed being taken out
of property generally it is tacked on to the
railroads."
Six thousand eight hundred wheels
(bicycles) are on the assessment list in
San Francisco, and he estimated that
$5,000,000 bad gone out of the State in the
last eighteen months for "bikes." People
in Sonoma County, he said, are selling
their pianos and sewing-machines and
buying "bikes." All these are reasons
why railroading is uot as profitable as for
merly.
NEW TODAT.
THE FUR
FLIES!
A FORTUNATE CHASE
by the Manager of our Hat De-
partment from a manufacturer
who busted, makes it possible for
us to offer you the usual $1.50
Alpine in Black, Brown, Cedar
and Dark Pearl, at
■— 75g— ■
Just enough for Friday and
Saturday ,: not enough to last
over thai. L'^^^^^^^sSSSm
READY THIS MORNING
AFTER 8 O'CLOCK
SOME RIGHT CLEVER
BIKE AND GOLF CAPS, ...
. J: full crowns, in pretty
■■'■*._ Scotches, at
25c
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 18, 15 Kecn-rty St.
That Much Imitated Store.
DR.MCNULTY7
fTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE BPE-
X cialist treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES Ob' ONLY. He stops
- Discharges: cares secret Blood aadSkiu Diseases,
'Bores and" Swellings;^Nervons Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
terrible effect?. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. ;• ■•> . -
\He restores Lost .Vigor, and Man Power, re-
i '•' moves Deformities ' and restores the . Organs ■to
l - Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
; cury and other Poisonous Drags. . ■ ■*«api(^AmnH
■ Dr. Mc.N'ulty's methods are regular and scien-
• title vHe uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New 'Pamphlet on Pri-
I vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe '
their , trouble. ■,■ Patients cured at Home. - Terms :
I reasonable. .. :
■'/ Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and »*• r
j ■ cretlly confide v. Call on or address -
P. KOSCUK BIcNULTY, 5 M. X>.,
88K Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
flar Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
9 •bout your disease on k the streets or elsewhere.
[ They are cappers or steerers for .swindling doctors.
34
SANTA CRUZANS
ARE VERY BUSY.
° 'o
Working Night and Day
" for the Approaching °
» .• o • Turnfest.
BEAUTIFUL FEATURES. o
0 Dazzling Designs for Street Orna
mentation and Pavilion c
.».- r Displays.
PLANS FOR THE RIVER FETE.
4: Dozen o Novel Attractions °to c Be
"' "\ ' '.' Added to the Elaborate ° °
Progrflmnre. %• s
. SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 30.-Owing to
the large amount oi work and the short
time in which it must be accomplished,
the executive committee of the Santa Crsz ,
turnfest has deemed it necessary to meet
every night. Beautiful designs for street
decorations and the remodeling of barges, 0
new ornaments for 0 ,, the fiver palace and
gorgeous displays for the pavilion Were
submitted by Decorator Willirinv Lemos.
He also presented plans for the river fete
to be given on Tuesday evening, August
11. The committee authorized the decora
tion committee to act in the decorating of
the streets. 0
• A committee was appointed io comma
nicafe with the proprietors of the various
hotels of this city in repanl to fh<j lodging
of visitors. It is the intention of the Santa
Cruz* Turn Verein oto defray tbe lodging
expenses for the active turners* scbuet
zen? and singer:*. The committee author
ised L. R. Wessendori to make arrange
ments with the managers of the California
Powder Works for red fire. In order to
relieve the reporters from, considerable 0
worry and unnecessary work, the . com
mittee decided to erect a press stand on
the grounds, at which nil information in
regard to the progress? of the various en
tertainments and prize interests can be
haa. ° °° , . o o
: The street decorations for tbe o tarnfest
were begun this ruorning,cand will consist
of red and white bunting to be suspended
f com. the electric o poles on Pacific avenue,
between* the Pavilion, and the Pacific
Ocean House. Small o redwood trees and
branches will be placed c along, both sides ;
of the avenue. o ° "° ..
The executive committee has decided ro
add to the lance tournament in boats and
the tug'-of-wjir on the river the following !
features* Wand exercises by the .dif
ferent Turn Vereinx; Inditin club-swing-!
ing s by the ladies' classes;; pyramids ;
by .the turners; mass chorus of 30O '
voices; vario^=-§eleciions by ° the j
singing 0 societies individually; coii- j
cert by ° Professor Hastings' concert
band and a repetition of the battle be
tween the Monitor and Merrimac, Which
gained bo much praise during the car
nival. ? .0 -° ■
* The* -committee has decided to send
special invitations to some of the promi
nent men in this State, including Gov
ernor Budd and his staff. The Santa Cruz
•county and city officials will . also be
specially invited. ° o c° o
■' "Ali who wish to obtain admission badges c
.must join the procession on Sunday morn
ine.
Albert Carrlin of San Jo*, president of
the Pacific Turn Bezirk", is here in attend
ance at the meeting of the executive com
mittee. °. • Co °°
The ten banners promised by Mr. Ar
nold, advertising agent for the San Fran
cisco Call, have been dispatched to the
largest cities of the: State. They are 50
feet long and 7K feet high, lettered in
white and red and strikingly attractive.
*' ° — : — '♦ » :» .
MINISTERS AT SANTA CRUZ
Linen to a Woman Suffrage Address by
Susan B. Anthony.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 30.— The
morning at Garfield Park was occupied by
a short meeting of the church convention
of the Christian churches and a meeting
also of the Ministerial Association. The
afternoon was given to an outing on the
beach and other points of interest. Some
of the delegates remained at the part and
enjoyed a rest from the labors of the con*
ventions. .
In tbe evening a laree gathering at the
Tabernacle listened to an interesting ad
dress by Susan B. Anthony, who spoke on
that subject to which «he is ffiving her
time and talents with an earnestness that
convinced the great audience that the
suffrage of women is as important a mat
ter io the Christian people as to others.
She was well received, and gave many
striking illustrations of the practicability
as well as tbe justness of the cause.
In the chnrca convention this morning
the committee on education and literature
made further reports and highly com
mended the church organ, the Pacific
Christian, and the American Bible Soci
ety, reDresented by Key. Dr. John Thomp
son. An hour v.as occupied in the rein
corporation of the convention, an error
being found in the former incorporation.
The Ministerial Association elected A.
M. piston president, C. P. Pann secretary
and J. H. Hughes treasurer.
The following council of ten to prepare a
programme for next year's convention was
appointed: W. H. Martin, L. A. Pier, T.
D. Butler, L. McCray. J. H. McCullougb,
C. \V. Jopson, J. H. Hughes, J. E. Denton,
J. A. Brown and H. Shadle.
To-morrow's session of the church con
vention will c be devoted largely to reports
of Slate work commute, obituary com
mittee and unfinished business.
SAN BERNARDINO BUSSTER.
Horsewhipped a Mother and Her Chil
dren in a ll rut n I Manner.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. July 30.—
This morning a French woman : named
Jura, residing in this city, was terribly
whipped with a buggy whip by a man
whose name she does not know. She ap
peared at Justice Soule'a court with the
blood streaming from a wound in her
forehead and from one qn her arm. It
seems that her two boys, aged 5 and 7,
were herding the woman's cow on the
highway .when a man ordered ■ them to
keep the animal off the road. The boys
neglected or refused , to obey the order and
the man proceeded to use the whip on
the youths. The mother came to toe boys'
rescue, when the man turned his attention
and blows to her. A little daughter of the
woman : also : received % the lash. A John
Doe warrant was sworn out and a con
stable is looking for the brute. A neigh
boring boy says be knows the man who
did the whipping, and it is ; believed that
he will soon be in custody.
PLACERVILLE MINING SALE.
Jlieh Claim* Vurehnmed by an English
Lady for $150,000.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., July 30.— Papen
were recorded to-day by N. D. Burlingham
to Mrs. Salina 6. Ligbtfoot of Chester,
England, for the Esperanza, Garden Val
ley and Pleasant Hill mining claims, situ
ated twelve miies north of Placerville.
Tbe price was $150,000. The ledge on the
two hundred is said to be sixty feet wide.
The mill tests of average ore resulted in a
free milling value of $5 50 per ton. Tnere
are 550 feet of levels and crosscuts below
the water level. The property is one mile
sontn^of thp Taylor mine, which has been
running a forty-stamp mill for the past
seven years. •
FRESNO CONDEMNATION SUIT.
The Valley Road Requires a Piece of
Property for Which, the Owner*
"Ask Too Much.
FRESNO, Cal., July SO.— A jury was im
paneled to-day to try ° the condemnation
suit 6ftb°e Valiev Road against" D. Dis
mukes and W. P. Nelson. The. jury was
taken over the debatable ■: ground . during
"the afternoon. The property in question
consists of seven lots on the southeast cor
ner of 3 Q and Ventura streets, improved
by two cottages and . barns. Defendants
want 15600 for Jjie property, while the rail
road company considers $3000 as a high
figure^ but is willing to pay- it. An at
tempt was made to compromise the suit
last night, but it failed. . A large number
of witnesses haye 0 been subpenaed and the
case will probably not be concluded till
Saturday evening.
Determination of the Dismukes cage will
wind up all matters at issue between
"Fresno and Stockton, including the depot
site here. Everything else has been set
tled by arbitration or condemnation,
chiefly the "former.. Graders in the vicinity
of Belmunt, north of tbe city, are making
rapid progress northward. Pile driving
on the Perrin ditch was completed last
nigh>t and other pile drivers on ditches be
tween Herndon and Fresno are coming
rapidly southward.
■ :.- - " • — '..' »  . .'■
Fresno's Watermelon. Harvest.
FRESNO, Cal., July 30.— During the
present month 200 carloads of "watermelons
have been shipped from Fresno. Some of
them have, gone as far east as Montana.
The shortage of the crop at Lodi created a
big demand for Fresno melons and many
farmers have benefited materially. They
are complaining to the officers, However,
that through tlie» extensive depredations
of thieves melons are disappearing by
wagon-loads.
PETALUMA'S BIG FAIR,
Elaborate Arrangements Being
Made for Its Opening
Next Monday.
Fine o ßacing Is Promised, Also Splendid
Exhibitions by the Grangers *
ond. Ladies' Club.
PET ALUM A, Cal. July 30.— Petaluma's
people ore feeling jubilant over the bril
liant prospects for the success of the fair
which begins on Monday next, the 3d of
August There having been, no interme
diate race between that of Napa and Peta
hima, the horsemen have been settled at
the Agricultural* grounds for a much
longer period than.usual: and have made
good use of their time in speeding their
horses and accustoming them to the track,
which is n'6\v in lino condition, and the ex
ercising every morning of the horses af
°tr£cts a - spectators. Horses, trainers
and "swipes'' are' constantly arriving.
Dennis Gannon drove bis string overland
from "Vallejo, the trip consuming an" en
tire day. Clay 6 and Twilight are among
the number. '..."'
Not only will the "races be the finest Pet
aluma has had for some time, but the
grangers will iriake tine exhibits in the
pavilion, as well as local firms, while the
Ladies' Improvement Club has taken in
hand an exhibition of a more artistic na
ture— well as baking, preserving and
jellies— sOot here can be no doubt that the
pavilion willjtresent far more attractions
than ever before durine the day, while at
night a choice band will furiiish a portion
of the entertainment.
AI Leach of Son Francisco has secured
the pool-selling privilege, but there will
be no paris mutuels this year, though it
is expected a bookmaker will be in busi
o lnrtead, which pleases the sports.
The general mission to the grounds
has been reduced from 75 cants to 50 cents.
SWISS CLUB CELEBRATION.
Great Preparations for Vie Event at
i ° • l'etalutna.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 3<X— The ex
scutive committee of the Sonoma and
Marin Swiss Club have decided to bold
their celebration this year in September
next at Agricultural Park. A parade in
the morning will be followed by literary
exercises and picnic at the fair grounds, ro
conclude with a grand entertainment and
ball in the evening. F. A. Meyer of Peta
luma will officiate aa presideut of the day,
and G. Antonini of San Francisco will
deliver the Italian oration. Cassasa's
band of San Francisco, and Guyon's O. C.
band of Petaluma, have both been engaged
for the occasion.
BALOON-KEE PERS ALARMED.
Certain Licenses May Be Revolted by
I'etalutna Irustee*.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 30.—Conster
nation prevails among the saloon taen
over the action of the Board of Trustees,
iue to I<heir taking up the case of one
Carey, whom all saloon-keepers have been
officially Notified not to furnish with in
toxicating drink, but who f nevertheless,
procured trie same at several resorts to
such an extent that he was arrested for
disturbing the peace. The board intends
to thoroughly sift the matter, and If in
their invest ijtatiun they discover the guilty
party or parties will doubtless revoke the
licenses, such a course being permissible
nnder the city ordinances.
SANTA BARBARA'S BATHHOUSE.
Ten- Thousand- Dollar Building to Be
Greeted njt Once.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 30.—
Santa Barbara is at last to have a bath
house commensurate with her needs and
demands. The Board of Trade has taken
up the project, and when the Board of
Trade takes up any matter something
substantial is sure to be realized. It has
been resolved to build a house costing
$10,000, a rough draft of plans and esti
inutes having shown that sufficient ac
commodations, with large tank baths
boilers for heating, etc., can be procured
for this sum, leaving to the future the
addition of solariums, restaurants, etc.
The building is to be erected by a stock
company, composed of leading Santa Bar
bara merchants and business men, who
will have no sellish ends to serve, but will
be cordially interested In having the es
tablishment well organized and conducted
to the perfect satisiaction of its patrons.
A hundred shares of stock are to be
issued at $100 apiece, and tue tirst man
starting out with a paper this mornin*
took ten subscriptions from the first ten
citizens to whom he applied. The funds
will be immediately raised and plans will
be drawn and the building promptly
erected, it Is hoped in time to catch the
returning tide of summer visitors who
have for some time neglected Banta Bar
bara on account of her Jack of this very
important feature.
A Sauaalitc Blate.
: . ; BAUBALITO,:Cal m July 30.— A tire at
1 o'clock to-day destroyed the residence of
£?£ n £ erry> valued ;at 51500; insurance,
♦800. The cause is supposed to nave teen
matches and mice.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
GOODRICH DAM
WAS DYNAMITED,
Startling Discovery Since
the Recent Flood
Disaster.
PIECES OF FUSE FOUND.
Strong Evidence That the Das
tardly Deed Was Prompted
by Malice,
DETECTIVES HARD AT WORK,
Father, Mother and Five Children
Were Swept to Death by
the Torrent.
BAKER CITY, Ob.. July SO.— Sufficient
evidence ha 9 been discovered to snow that
the recent Goodrich Creek disaster, which
swept seven persons into eternity, was
caused by the blowing up of the dam with
dynamite by malicious persons seeking re*
venge. Suspicion points to two or three
persons and arrests may be made in a few
days. Several detectives from Portland's
private agencies are working up the case.
The Goodrich Creek disaster occurred
about two weeks ago. Early one morning
the dam of the reservoir, which covered
thirty acres, gave way. The waters left
the creek, swept over the country, struck
the house of the French family and car
ried it several miles. The bodies of the
father, mother and five children were
found in different places along the water
course.
The owner of the reservoir, S. B. Baisley,
has always refused to believe that the dam
gave way, and has repeatedly declared
that it was blown up by his enemies to
prevent use of the water by him in placer
mining. He was determined to discover
and punish the miscreants, and with that
object he employed several detectives, who
have been quietly at work in Baker County
for over a week.
Yesterday morning the detectives went
over the scene, and near the broken dam
they discovered pieces" of the fuses of two
or three dynamite cartridges. The fuses
were covered by brush and drift dirt.
Several persons, whose enmity to Mr.
Baisley has been of long standing, are
under surveillance. When sufficient evi
dence to warrant their arrest is obtained
they will be taken into custody.
SAN JOSE SHOOTING FES
About a Dozen Leading Clubs
of the State Will Be
Represented.
Many Valuable Prizes - Will Be
Awarded tbe Successful
Marksmen.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., Jnly 80.— The shooting
fest to be held in this c city on Bunday and
Monday, August 30 and 31, under the
auspices of the Schuetzen Section of the
San Jose Turn Verein is arousing much
interest among the sportsmen in-all parts
of the State. Many valuable prizes will
be given. About a dozen shooting clubs
have already announced their intention of
sending representatives, and it is expected
tbat several hundred mafksmen will be in
attendance:
Tbe fest will be held at Schuetzen Park.
Besides shooting there will bowling and
dancing at the park on both days of the
festivities. On Saturday evening, August
29, an informal reception will be tendered
the visitors at Turn Verein' Hall. Sunday
evening there will -be a musical pro
gramme and high jinks at the hall. The
festivities will close with a. grand ball
Monday nieht, at which a distribution of
the prizes will be made.
A feature of the fest will be the San
Francisco Ladies' Shooting- Club, which
has promised to attend and take part in °
tbe shooting.
Tbe following ciubs have notified the
committee in charge that they will send
representatives: Red Men Shooting Sec
tion of the Red Men's lodges, the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club, the Ban Francisco
Schueizen Verein, the 8«n Francisco Turn
Scbuetzen, the Eintracht Bchuetzen Sec
tion, the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Clnb,
the Deutscben Krieger Schuetzen Verein]
the Norddeutscher Schuetzen CJnb and
the San Francisco Grntll Verein Schuetzen
Section.
Wanted for Grand Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3a— Charles H.
Yountz, an ex-hack-driver of this city,
w.io is wanted on a charge of grand lar
ceny, has been Jocated in San Francisco,
where he is serving a term in the City
Prison for petty larceny. On June :"9
Yountz stole a horse and cart from W. A.
Flack, which he disposed of in San Fran
cisco. At the expiration of his sentence
he will be brought back here for trial.
BRITISH COLUMBIA'S GAIN.
The Freeioui Xetnls Case finally Won
by ihtt Government.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 30.— The eagerly
looked-for decision ?of the ) Privy Council
of Great Britain in what has become gen
erally known as the precious metals case
has been given, and in brief, according to
telegrams : received last night and to
day, sustain' in toto the judgments of the
Britsh Columbian courts. The point at
issue ; was as to whether or not gold and
silver within the * lands : passing ' to the
Esquimau and I Nanaimo Railway Com
pany by its grant from the crown thereby
became the property of the railway com
pany, or remained in the same position
as precious metal lands elsewhere located,
to be souehtand won -at any time by the
miner. This point, on being' submitted to
the Supreme. 'Court of this province in a
test case, was decided in favor of; the Gov
ernment, and an appeal was then carried
by the, rail way., company to the highest
tribunal in the land. Its judgment is con
firmatory of the decision o(. the courts be
low.
BRITISH COLUMBIA'S GAIN.
Canadian Govern ment Askea to Exclude
< Uinrse..
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jnly 30.-A
monster petition to the Federal Govern
ment praying that further restrictions be
placed on Chinese immigration to Canada
is being circulated. There ia little doubt
that the petition will contain over 10,000
names before it is sent to Ottawa.
Tne petition recites Chinese Jabor is
driving out the white working-man; that
the United States, realizing this, h«s ex
cluded tlie Mongolian coolies, and that
Canada should adopt drastic measures to
keep them out. It then urges that a tax
of $500 be levied upon each Cninaman en
tering the Dominion as a means of lessen
ing tne number.
FILTHT FRESNO DAIRY.
Health Officer .4 flair livings 'Charge*
L Affatnst J. B. Hill. ,
. FRESNO, Cal., July 30.— Dr. Adair, on
behalf of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to -'Animal?, this morning i riled
complaint against J. B. Hill, the dairy
man. This complaint alleges that Hill
now keeps and has for some time kept a
herd of forty cattle confined in an in
closnre which complainant and. others say
is so small as to subject ■ the animal* to
severe suffering. Dr. Adair is County
Health Officer, and he will also prosecute
Mr. Hill for keeping his stables very un
clean. It is the only dairy in the county
which has not cleaned up its premises in
accordance with instructions from Dr.
Adair. The health officer says that Hill's
place was tilthie6t of all, and that the
health of the .customers of the dairy has
been seriously endangered. The cows are
kept in a small pen and get no exercise.
Their water supply is very bad and the
animals become feverish.' rendering their
milk impure. -
ATTEMPTED MURDER AT ELMA.
The Wife of a Hotel Troprietor Stabbed
by a Logger.
ABERDEEN, Wash., July 30.— Word
comes from Elma, twenty miles east of
here, of a cowardly attempt at murder
there Tuesday night Mrs. Bunn.wifeof
the proprietor of the Elma Hotel, was the
victim, and E. L. (better known as "Doc")
Moody, a logger, tbe would-be murderer.
Mrs. Bunn and Moody were seen stand
ing in tbe hallway of tbe Elma Hotel
about 9 o'clock. Soon after the woman
was found with her right hand badly cut
and a deep stab in her riuht breast. Her
a»s*ilant had fled, leaving his hat in his
haste. The wound In her breast is ex
tremely dangerous and may cause her
death. Owing to tbe fact that there were
to witnesses and tbat Mrs. Bunn is too
weak to give any information, no further
details of the occurrence can now be ob
tained.
STOCKTON'S GRAND FETE
'Native Sons Meet to Arrange
for the Admission Day
Celebration.
Progressive Reports Received From
the Chairmen of the Various
Committees.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jnly 30.— The general
committee of the Native Sons that has
•uperviiion over the celebration to be held
here on Admission day met to-night for
th« purpose of receiving the report ol tne
various sub-committees. Chairman
Grunsky of the regatta committee re
ported that everything was being done to
make it the greatest affair of Its Kind ever
held in the Slate. Gk-and Marshal Nutter
outlined his line of march which will take
in ail the principal streets of the city. The
carnival committee submitted its report,
but did not indicate what the chief fea
tures of the spectacle on the water would
be. There are a number of professional
decorators in town now and they are con
sulting with the committee as to the de
tails of the affair. The grand marsiial re
ceived to-day from Sacramento the re
galia for the aids, which he purchased in
ttiat city recently.
To-night the colors for the chief aid and
his marshal* will be selected, as well as
the division color?. There will be nine or
ten divisions in the line of march. Mr.
Nutter has issued an order as to tie uni
form to be worn by the aids and marshals.
The first named are to wear dark suits and
white soft felt hat?, and the marshals are
lo dress itr dark suits and wear soft black
hats.
To-day W. M. Henderson, who wms the
grand* marshal at last year's celebration,
telephoned to Grand Marshal Nutter that
he would act as one of his aids. He said
that the Sacramento parlor would bring
with it the militant band that was here
at tbe last encampment of the' Odd Fel
lows. •
To-day the Stockton Gas and Electric
Company 'began stringing the wires that
are to be used in giving extra lights for the
' city during the festivities on September 8.
9 and 10.
T" NEW, 10-DAT. '. "T ~-
School Offers
FROM THE HEW DEPARTMENT.
We have a Boys' and Children's
* .Department that has no equal in
the city— light, bright, beautiful.
$LftK- CHILDREN ' PLAIN or REEFER
*r * • Vi 7 SUITS, ages 4to 14 years. .
J) *2 f\ C— LONG PANTS SUITS for Boys, in
IlJf % '>r '£r-' latest styles, 12 ,to 19 years.
$ —LONG PANTS SUITS for Boys, the
.. C. C latest and newest things. 'To see
ijf * %y them is to buy them.
$— LONG PANTS SUlTS— the newest,
2ft rj: '' : : E[ f*% • -fly: front, vest, same as tailors make.
M m^J Price elsewhere $12 50.
H. Summerfleld^ Co.,
924-930 MARKET STREET.
TACOMANS GOING
ON A WHALE HUNT
A King of the Deep Seen
Between Tacoma and
Olympia.
PLANS FOR HIS CAPTURE
Tug Expedition Formed With
Harpoons, Cannon, Ropes
and Buoys.
GREAT SPORT ANTICIPATED.
Steamers Are Being Chartered to
Carry People Out to Witness
the Chase.
TACOMA, Wash., July 30.— Three en
terprising whalers, who formerly sailed
from San Francisco, have organized a big
expedition to capture a good-sized whale
which has been sighted among the islands
between Tacoma and Olympia by steam
ers several times during the last two
weeks. The whalers are Edwin Clark,
Richard Pitt and Martin Phillips. Several
other seamen are interested with them.
Olof Ralston has been sent to Ander-
Bons Island to watch the whale's move
ment. If he remains in that locality ac
tive warfare will be commenced Saturday.
The hunters have wired to San Francisco
for six harpoons, which will arrive to
morrow. They have expended nearly
|300 for equipment, which includes ropes,
buoys, tackle of all sorts and a cannon,
brought from Portland, which is being
cleaned for use.
The tug Laurel was engaged to-day, and
it is the intention to shoot harpoons into
the monster from the stern of the tug. If
the attempt is not successful the hunters
will put out in small boats to harpoon
him. They count on securing forty-five
to sixty barrels of oil, worth at least $20
per barrel.
Pitt thinks the- whale seen belongs to
the gray California or bull-fin variety,
which is a prolific oil-yielder, bat whose
bone is worthless. He believes a number
of whales are sporting about in the upper
sound, as one rarely travels alone. In
that event the sport will last longer than
one day. Pitt said to-day :
"Tr.o harpoon will trail an airtight
barrel float. I believe an injured whale
will travel sixty miles an hour, and there
is little doubt that he will run ashore
while sweeping along the sinuous routes
of Puget Sound. There he will be help
less, aa the openings from the bay where
he now lies are so few that he is not likely
to get away."
Several steamers are being chartered to
carry people out to witness tbe chase.
Hundreds of others wiil view the sport
with field glasses from the beaches and
islands.
Suit for Darin' BanH Stock.
BUTTE, Mont., July 30.— Mrs. Elizabeth
S. Bowdoin of Springfield, Mass., sister of
the late millionaire Andrew J. Davis has
filed a petition to carry to the United
States Supreme Court the suit recently de
cided in favor ot Andrew J. Davis Jr., in
volving title to $1,000,000 in stock of the
First National Bank of Butte. Young
Davis claimed to have received the stock
from his father while the latter was upon
his death bed.
Little Girl Drowned Sear Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF, Cal., July 30.— A 9-year
old daughter of Thomas N. Tierney was
drowned in the Sacramento River a few
miles above Red Bluff yesterday. The
child went in swimming and was carried
away by the current. Assistance arrived
as the body sank for the last time. It has
not yet been recovered.
Is the light that will bring a great bi's
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous: your now
weak body can be made. Hudy'nn is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This \
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
'Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitaiizer made. It is so powerful I
that it is simply won !<?rful . how harmless ■
'it is. : Yon can .yet it from nowhera bat;
from the Hudson Moiiical Institute. Write j
for circulars and testimonials. .
, The extra^rdidary. Rejuvenator°.ii the'
most wonderful discovery of the age. It i
has been indois d by the leading scientific I
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematurenesa of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitcbings of the
eyes and other part*. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy. "»
. HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
missions, and develops and restores weeK
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over £000 pri-
vate indorsements. J
Prematureness means im potency in : the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-:
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.'
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of acts-
producing terras. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-cciiored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sore* and
tallins lialr. You can save a trip . to Hot Sprints
by writing for "Blood Boole" to the old .physicians
oi the '
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTH,
• Stockton, Market and Ellis Stl.
■■_ ;.-•: SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
|fgi|*ys Belts for $30.
W&Js^^' i-fy^K^P Old-fashioned and poorly
>JJ- '■ r -—*sSWM made. can be had by pay-
Wto atrTHMßrrHe ".^Jr Ing your money to eleo-ric
belt "quacks" and tr.ivel-
"nwifj ■ ing "fakers." For a • first-'
{ ■ Ti\&f~ - class article at a reasonable
■ -! -St!? price rite or call for free
vm* ■' copy of our new book. 1»H.
FIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny.
second, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
OFFICE OF THE
Registrar of Voters
— of the- — ;
City and County of San Francisco.
"VTOTICE IS HEBKBY GIVEN THAT I THE
x\ Boards of Precinct Ke«lstration for the General
Election, to be held on TUESDAY, the, 3d day of
.November, A. D., 1896, • will meet In their re-
spective precincts for the registration of Voter*
and for such other purposes as are prescribed by
law on KSDAY. August 6,1896, from 9
o'clock a. m. until 10 o'clock p. x. daily, for fixe
(5) days, until and including MONDAY, August
10, 1896, on which day all registration closes.
All electors who have not been registered for
said General Klec'lcn are hereby invited to pre-
sent themselves tor registration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will sit as
above for the purpose of registering all legal at
qualified voters residing in their precincts who
have not registered si the office of the Registrar of
.Voters since May 27. Ifc96.
Any person who baa not registered since May
27, 1896. and fails to register at the Board of Pre-
cinct Registration of the precinct In which he re-
sides will be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election. • • ."
In accordance with Section .21 of the "Act to
Regulate Registration of Voters," etc, the follow-
ing places have been secured for the sessions of
the Boards of Precinct Registration.
REGISTRATION PLACES.
ELECTION NOVEMBER 8, 1896.
Twenty-Eighth Assembly District.
First Precinct— Mission. l
Second Precinct— l 7 Howard.
Third Precinct— 40 1 Harrison.
Fourth Preclnot— 4ls oUom.
Fifth Precinct— 229 second,
Sixth Precinct— l-03 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— Howard.
. Klchth Precinct— l 42 First.
Ninth Precinct— ll- First.
Tenth Precinct— 62B Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— loa Jessie.
Twelfth Precinct— °i9 Stanley place.
Thirteenth Precinct— 66B Howard.
'Fourteenth Precinct— 62s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Sixteenth Precinct— l 24 Verona. ■•" ■
Seventeenth Precinct— 431 Third.
Twenty-Ninth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 36B Jessie. , '
Second Prboinct— 215 btevenson.
Third Pn-clnei-850 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— lol Vi Fifth.
Fifth Precinct— 7s3 Mission.
t-lxth Precinct— 222V^ Natoma.
Heve'ith Preclnci— Howard.
Klghth Precinct— Bsl Minna.
Ninth Piecinct— BoB Tehama. *
Tenth Precinct— 2l3 jTooith. '•
. Klevemh Precinct— 7l6 t'oisom.
Twelfth Precinct— 223 Klf.h.
Thirteenth Precinct— l44»4 Clara,
Fourteen' h Precinct— 7B3 Ko!som.
>ifteenih Precinct— 4B Hitch.
• Sixteenth Precinct— 4oB Fourth. .
." Seventeenth Precinct— lo-1 Perry.
' Eighteenth Precinct— 42l Fourth.
Nineteenth Precinct— os 2 Bryant.
. Thirtieth Assembly District.
■- 'First Precinct— 46B Stevenson. - •
Second Precinct— 2si^ Sixth. « «•
, Third Precinct— 502 Jessie.
Fourth Precinct— Mission.
•Fifth Precinct— 6oB Minna.
Sixth Precinct— ll9 Sixth. ■..
Seventh Precinct— 96o Howard.
. Klghih Precinct— 203 Fifth.
Ninth Precinct— 224l^ Fifth;
Tenth Precinct— loo 7 Howard. '
: 1 Eleven Precinct— 239 Seventh.
Twelfth Precinct— 939 toisoui. .
*' Thirteenth Precinct- 38S Sixth. '
Fourteenth Precinct — 431% >ixtn.
Fifteenth Precinct— 92B% Harrison.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4lo sdxth.
Seventeenth Precinct— Howard. "
Tlilrty-First Assembly District.
First Preclnc:— 3 Eighth,
-■ Second Precinct— 23 Ninth.' '
Third Precinct— ll47 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l2B > isihth. :
Fifth Precinct— ll46 Howard.
Sixth Precinct— Mission.
Seventh Piecinct— ls3 Kleventh.'
: Eighth Precinct— 2ls Tenth.
,- Ninth Precinct— Bol Eighth.
" Tenth Precinct— 247 Eighth.
Eleventh Precinct— llo3 Howard
; Twelfth Precinct— ll2o Harrison.
. Thirteenth Precinct— ll39 Kolsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l33s Fo:aom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 4-3 Ninth.
SlsUeatb Precinct— l 329 Harrison.
ttventeenth Precinct— l 439 Harrison.
Thirty-Second : Assembly District.
First Precinct— 274 Brannan. :
Second Precinct— 511 Third '
. Tnlrd Precinct— 7lB Third.
Fourth Precinct— 6l6 Fourth.
.•; Fifth Precinct— 62* Third.
. Sixth Precinct— 625 V, Fourth.
Seventh Preclnct-s*o Brannan.
Kishth Preciuci— Rlsl.. sixth
Ninth Precinct-^lO5O Kemutky.
Tenth Pr*clact-1824 Bryant.
_. Eleventh ; Precinct— 7o7 tsrannan.
Twelfth Preclnci— 742 I.rannan. -
-1 Thirteenth Precinct— 9s3 Brvan't
Fourteenth Precinct- 151 4 twentieth (N»p«).
>  Thirty-Third Assembly District.
First Precinct— 29oo" Twenty-first.
n^?*?*,^ re f«««-So2tf Tnenty-second.
■ Tblrd Preclnct-3112 I vveniy-fourth.
iTh'lL 1 reclßCt - ISHPi Alabama. .
Fifth I ncl ~ aBs ' Twenty fourth.
Sixth Precinct- li o6 Florida. "
seventh Pr«-cinct--JSOS Bryant avenne. *
• : Kighth Precinct-2702 Twenty-fourth. •
Ninth Precinct— 2521 HumboldL
Jeuth ■ Piwi net— Corner 24ih and PotwrO aye.
> Eleventh Precinct— N. W. cor. Via and Tennes-
6?e. ■■.'-■ ■.-.':. - •".,'" > V". -; ' w , '.'. *.■ ,- ■. \
Twelfth Precinct— 92l I'llnols.-
-■-•Thirteenth Prtrcinct— 6ol! Railroad avenus
Fourteenth Precinct— l6s9 Fifteenth avenne.
Fifteenth Precinct— Railroad and 14th aye«.
inSWTO-IJATj
Thirty-Fourth A»»eml>ly District.
" First Precinct-1517 Howard. .\
second Precinit— ls33 Mission.
t~ Third Precinct— 4B Twelfth. - ■.
1 Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
i-'lflh Precinct— l6B9 Mission. I
Sixth Precinct— l73l Mission. WmSak
Hpvmh Precinct— Kolsom. - - .
Eighth irecinct— llB Fourteenth.
Ninth Precinct— l Bos -Mission. .
Tenth Precinct— 23s Valencia.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia." SSESi
Twelfth Precinct— s4B Valencia. = ■■
Thiiteentii PreciDti— s67 Valencia.'
fourteenth Precinct— 'Jlo6 Mission.. ;
fifteenth Precinct- 1469 FifUentH. ■ -
i-ixteenth Precinct— SW. cor. 18th and Folsom.
svveriteentn Precinct— 22Ss Mission. .
Eighteenth Preclnc;— B2s Valencia.
Nineteenth Preciuci— BoB Valencia.
Twentieth Precinct— 934 Valencia. ;
Twenty-first Precinct— 23'.'s Misiion.
'I h!rty-FifHi Assembly District.
First Precinct— Cornfr of Clipper and Church.
. Second Preclnc:— s64s 'i weuty-thlrd.
Third Precinct— Corner Valencia and Twenty-
third. . .
■ yonrthfPreclnct— 32l7 Twenty-first.
Jif.li Precinct —N W. «orn».T Mission and 24th. ■
Sixth Precinct— 262s Mission. .
Seventh Precinct— 32Bl Twenty-fourth.
. Klshtii Precinct— l4l*6 Valencia.: -'
Ninth Precinct— * between San JOM
avenue and Miss on. ; • . • ■ __
Tenth ,_ Precinct— Alabama, between Preolta
avenue and calm.
Eleventh Precinct— 3lsJl Musion.
Twelfth Precinct— 32Bl Musion.
'1 hiricentli Precinct— 46 Ktchland avenue.
Fourteenth Precinct— LJquri Hall. . '
Thirty-Sixth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 23l6 Fifteenth.'
second Precinct— Marltet. ' .
Third Prtciuct— 222 Church. ° „
Fourth Precinct— 34 39 Sixteenth. ISSxSv?
Fifih Precinct— 37V6 Kl?hteentn.
Sixth Precinct— 4X51 Eighteenth.
Seventh Precinci— 4llo Eighteenth. o ; <£SSm,
KlKhth Preclnct-4081 Nineteenth. ':f a
•Mnih Precinct— 93o t-anc!iez. '•'■■'.
Tenth Precinct— 36l9 Klghteenth.. • „
Eleventh Precinct-Corner Twenty-fourth and
Vlcksburz. - " •;••■-.
Twelfth Precbict— 4105 Twenty-fourth.* - '.:■'
Thirteenth • Priclnct— N\V. cor. Day and Baa-'
ehtz. , . o° *«•.■■
Fourteenth Precinct— 225 Twenty-eighth.' .••;
Fifteenth Precinct— l43HJolores. ° ° .
Sixteenth Precinct— 3510 -Mission, a ° * ' •
t<;venteenih Priclnct— 4*o6 Twenty-first. :
lilghteenth Precinct— Bo i'Oouglass.- ,
Nineteenth Precinct-San Jose and . Ocean
avenues. ■ '■ . : - ■ : • ; o •
Twentieth Precluct— (;oraer Sagamore and Sao
Jose Jive. • . ■■ •- . •
■ ■ ■ " o , ■ ."• -» j • ' .'
. Thirty-Seventh Assembly District. '. "
First Proclncfc— 333 Hayes. ° ' • "■
second Precinct— 9 Oak." " : . .
Third Pretinct— l4B Phit*. ■<' o . .
Fourth Precluct— l7 Franklin. •' ■ »'• , .
Fifth Prec.iict-435 Hayes. .-..••
Main Free net— SUU Hayes. • •..»*• •'
Seven tn Precinct— slBV« i-aguaa. ° ' .
Kishth Precinct— 26l ■ ccavla.
.\it!:h Precinct— l.*sl Market. . • ;
. Ten;h Precinct— 6l4 Herman.
Eleventh Precinc— 46tf Haighi v
Twelfth Precinct— 7BB Hare*.
■ Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Flllmore.
' Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Hatgnc
'■ i Fifteenth, Precinct— (Booth), corner Halgbt aca
Scott. °
Sixteenth Precinct— 93o Oaw.
Seventeenth Precinct— l2l6 Oak.
. Kighttenth Precinct— -09 -?cott.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3oo Baker:
Twentieth Precinct— l 733 oak. • o
. Twenty-first Precinct— l7oo Page.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District. •
First Precinct— 9lS EIIK ° . •. •
Second Precinct— bO7 Franklin. ■ ■ . •'.
Third Precinct— 6l3 McAllister.
- Fourth Precinct— 3o4 Grove.
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister. .-. . '. • „
Sixth Precinct— l2oo Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 342 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llo6 Buchanan.. ■ c • •
' Tenth Precinct— Bll Buchanan.
Eleventh Precinct— B2l WebB*.er.
Twelfth Precinct— llos Fitlmore.
Thirteenth Precinct— l77l EUls. S»fffl^
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devlsadera -"Mssp
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Tnrif.- -.-. «■"•
Sixteenth Precinct— l43o Fulton. l£BS*m&
Seventeenth Precinct— l6o2 Grove.
Eighteenth Precinct— McAllister, •
Thirty-Ninth Assembly District. '••
. First Precinct— l 26 Hayes. ■• -1. - :
Second Precinct— 2l7 Polk. • ' .
. 1 bird Precinct— 36 Orove. - •
Fourth Precinct— 833 Golden Gate avenue.
Fifth Precinct— 310 Gfblden Gate avenue. •* .-
'Sixth Precinct— 329 Kddy. -• • '.••..
Seventh Precinct— 3l9 Leavenworti. vsw®
Eighth Precinct— so 6 Larktn. * •
Ninth Precinct— 4o2 McAllister. • S^S^^SF
Tenth Precinct— 6o9 JLarkin.
Eleventh Precinct— Bl3 Larkln.
Twelfth Freclnct— B37 Geary. ... : .. '
. Thirteenth Precinct— Jones.
.- Fourteenth Precinct— sll Jones. - ■
.. Fifteenth Precinct— slB Hyde. : .r-. • • .,.
• Sixteenth Product— lo3o Butter. - ': . ■, ~ ■■■ .
' Seventeenth Precinct— loos Post. ■ ■
Eighteenth Precinct— l 224 Pollc - '"''-. :'
Nineteenth Vrecinct— ls2l California. *
Twentieth Precinct— l3l7 Pine.
Fortieth' Assembly District.
First Precinct— l62S-31 Pine. ■-
• Second Precinct— 3lB Fern avenue.
Third Precinct— Post. ; •
Fourth Precinct— l6o3 L&guna. ' • . " '
Fifth Precinct— lBl4 Lagans.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2loB Filimore.
Eighth Precinct— l9o4 Filimore.
Ninth Precinct— lsl7 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— lBo2 Geary. ,•
. Eleventh Precinct— 2609 Bush. ...
Twelfth Precinct— 2Co9 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— l4oo Devlsadera ■
Fifteenth Precinct— Slitter.
Sixteenth Precinct— Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l42B Central avenae.
Eighteenth Precinct— Bo9 Point Lobos avenue.
Ninteenth Precinct— l3l3 Point Lobos avenue.
Twentieth Precinct— 36o Ninth avenue.
Forty-First Assembly District.
. First Precinct— l4l3 Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde. •
Third Precinct— 2oo9 Hyde.
Fourth Precinct— 2*soll,4 Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lo3 Larkin.
Sixth Precise:— J92ti Polk. : Ssfei*
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk. " -
Eighth Precinct— Ho29 Pacific
Ninth Precinct— 23o3 Jackson.
Temh Precinct— lBl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— 29Bo Octavla.
Twelfth Precinct— 3lo3 Fillmore.
Thirteenth Precinc— l9l6 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2slo Stelner. *
Fifteenth Precinct— 26oo% Sacramento.
. Mxteentn Precinct— 2926 Washington.  :
Seventeenth Precinct— H399 Sacramento.
Kighteenth Precinct— 2733 Greenwich. :
Nineteenth Precinct— 362o Sacramento. .-> ;
Forty-Second Assembly District.
First Precinct— lt Golden Gate avenue. ■
Second Precinct— 23o Taylor.
. Third Precinct— -24 Ellis.
Fourth Precinct— l 37 Tavlor. •'
Fifth Precinct— 44o Geary. '•',: '
Sixth Precinct— 6l2 Post.
Seventh Prtcincv— s27i/ a Geary.
Eighth Precinct— loort'BU3h.
Ninth Precinct— KO9 Bash.
Tenth Precinct— llSs Clay. :
Eleventh Precinct— llo4 Clay. *';'.
Twelfth Precinct— l3l7 Sacramento.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3ll California.
Fourteenth Precin«:t— l426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— 1334 Pacific.
fcixteenth PreciDCt— ll4l Pacific.
- Forty-Third Assembly. District.
First Precinct— lo7 Ellis,
Second Precinct— ll7 PovrelL • . .
Third Precinct— 3o6 Mason. • ..
Fourth Precinct— l 46 Geary,
j Fifth Precinct— 22 Stockton place.
Sixth Precinct— 4l3 Powell.
Seventh Precinct— sos Bush.
: Eighth Precinct— 62o Bush. . .
Ninth Precinct— 6os Pine.
Tenth Precinct— 3Bs Kearny. "'
Eleventh Precincw— 822 California.
Twelfth Precinct— 93o Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo23 Clay.
Fourteenth Prt-ciact—l3lo Ma*oo.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2->
Sixteenth Precinct— l a .uoutsomory *r*m A
;■ FoT£y-Fourth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— sl2 Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls2l Mason. -
Fourth Precinct— lsl2 lupont.
Fifth Precinct— soB Filbert. •
Sixth Precinct— so Bar.
Seventh Piecinct— 2lo6 Mason.
Eighth Precinct— 23lo Mason.
Ninth Precinct— 73o Montgomwy •veaue.
:. Tenth Precinct— Mason.
Eleventh Precinct— l7u6 Mason.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason.
•Thirteenth Precinct— : 505 Taylor.
Fourteenth Precinct-1702 LeavenwortlL
Fifteenth Preclnct-913Vi Filbert.
! Forty- Fifth Assembly District.
First Precinct— 3ol^ Bush.
Second Precinct- 433 Pine.
Third Precinct— 24 Dranim.
Fourth Precinct— llB Leldesdorn.
Fifth l'recinct-61'2 CommerciaL
Sixth Precinct— 22s .Leiuesdorff. •',.
■ Seventh Precinct— l 24 Montgomery avenn*
Klghtu Precinct— lo9 Jackson. • '■ ■
Ninth Precinct— los Washington..
Tenth Precinct— 342a union. • -
, Eleventh Precinct— ls Vallejo." a i : . ■■■%■- c: ;
■ Twelfth Precinct— Northeast corner Faciflo.. and
MoDtcomery. " ' '■ '_„ ' _ ' , •'».'.•-.•
Thirteenth Precinct— 33o Broadway, i . v -
. Fourteenth Precinct- 1202 Montgomery-
: W. M. HINTOV, Kreistrar of Voters.
/ii^P^Vl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
ipxSPX'UKEs^BJral Oleet. Spermatorrhoea,
'J^®^faluSd»yi-« Whites, unnatural dis-
jßHJ.Ounattcd : W charges, or any inflamma-
l(kl not to itrienrc. . . tion, irritation ■or ulcers-
g^^fPraTcntt ooatigioc. tion of ihqcoui mem-
RSltheEvansChemiciiCo. brao>! «- Non-astringent.
V^cmci«H»Tl,O.g^ Sold *y »rnjfn«tc,
; «HW { O. 3. i.'*2Hi £' MBt in Plain wrapper,
'•^ttJia^V ■ Circular sent or, - «Mrt.TO PLAN A HOT
STATE CAMPAIGN,
Republican Leaders Are
Gathering for Important
Conferences.
OUTLINING THE WORK
The State Executive and Cen
tral Committees Will Open .
the Campaign.
SPEAKERS AND LITERATURE.
Cojigifs m.n Loui's Renomination §t
• ; ;.; ■ the Convention To-Morrow . 0
. .V=. .. •• . °" • Seems Certain. * ••"*
.•' To-day and to-morrow the Republican
leaders of t the State will hold important
conferences, decide when and how the
'State campaign shall be opened and out
line the work to be done. ' :
-. This afternoon the executive committee
••will hold a meeting at Golden Gate Hall,
and to-morrow afternoon the State Central
Committee will meet at the sanie place.
. . "There is little to be said in advance of
the meetings," said Chairman Fraivk Mc-
Laughlin last night. "The work of ,tUe
literary committee in the preparation £>l
campaign literature, the selection pi
• speakers, the raising of campaign funds
and some, such business matters will be
taken/up. • I expect a large attendance and
that there -will result a general infusion, of
, till more Republican enthusiasm."
• Jacob H. Neff of California was one of
a number ot committee members from the
interior who arrived yesterday.
H. Z. Os borne came up from Los Angeles
a day in advance of the other members
who will attend and he informally took
hold of the affairs of the executive com
mittee of which he is an important mem
ber. Osborne reported that the South
ern California auxiliary executive com
mittee, which is to be composed of the
members of Che executive committee from
south of Tehachaip, would soon be organ
ized and at work.
"The committee has not been formally
organized," said Mr. Osborne, "but it will
betc-morrpw, and we ill organize and get
' to work right away after the meeting of
the committee here. We have already
_ opened headquarters in the Westminster
.' in Los Angeles adjoining the headquarters
of the Sixth District Congressional Com
mittee and the Los Angeles County Com
mittee. The southern Democrats "organ
ized such an siuxilary committee two
years ago, and .1 think that ours will be
■quite an advantage to the Republican
cause. '
"It too early yet to talk very defin
itely about tie political situation in South
ern California, but our prospects are very
bright. It is noticeable that a great many
Republicans who got out and declared
themselves for free silver at the beginning
of the craze are now for McKinley. The
longer the Republicans talk the silver
question the fewer talk for iree silver, and
the more there are who realize what else
th^re is in this campaign beside,*." :
From all over the State come reports of
the multiplication ,of Republican clubs
; and -the early exhibition of campaign in
terest. ° o
The indications are that Congressman
Eugene F. Loud 'will receive near unani
mously the Republican nomination for
Congress in the Fifth District at the con
vention which will meet in .Golden Gate ;
Hall "to-morrow afternoon. o
. County Clerk C. F. Curry has with- !
dratt'n from the race, and it was yesterday !
doubtful whether Julius Kahn wouM al- I
low his name to go before the convention. !
Kahn is considering the advisability of be- j
coming an independent candidate.
.. L,Qiid has secured the practically unani- i
mous? suppont of the Santa Clara and San
Mateo delegations, and this, with his
strength fn 'the San Francisco delegation, '
makes the victory to appear completely I
hi*. . o " ° ' , j
"• The army' veterans of tbe Thirty-fourth '<
District are "organizing a bie McKinlcv
cltib-u-nder the leadership of Edward Mc-
Cormick, Joseph Becsy and other 3.
On Wednesday evening the Perkins
Republican Club of the Forty-fourth Dis- I
trict, a ypnng and prosperous organiza
tion, installed its new officer* and enjoyed
a ions programme of music and speech.
Colonel John H.Roberts addres-ed the
McKinley Zouaves at their regular meet
ing at 1206 Mason street last evening. A
larse number of new members signed the
roll.
NEW REPUBLICAN CLUB.
The Spanish-American Citizens Or
ganize a Strong Body.
A large number of young o Republicans
from tbe Spanish-American colony met
last night in. Judge Groezinger's court
room for the purpose of organizing a
Spani:-h-American Republican league.
The meeting was characterized by much
enthusiasm, and speeches were maut out
lining a vigorous campaign for the club in
the political field.
The meeting was called to order by R.
Duckworth and A. de la Torre Jr. ■
This club will be. the leading Spanish-
American Republican organization in the
City and possesses men noted for their
honestyand earnestness of purpose.
Addresses were trade by G. W. Kyle,
John 0 JStie*, Joseph Goddard and R. R.
D utk worth. The following officers and
committees were elected:
R. R. Duckworth: president; E. S. Espinosa,
H. Sc{>uivodft, K. Meblfls, , viee-preMdents; A.
dc la Torre Jr., recording-secretary; A. Larking
ijn»noia'. secretary; E. Moreno, treasurer.
Executive committee— R. Duckworth, A.
de la Torre, J. Goddnrd, H.Friedman, G. E.
Mailer, B. Castro and D. Tobias.
Finance committee— J. Robins, C Kwing, J.
Silv.i, K. A. Martinez, George Cohen.
Sftrgtftni-at-arms— John Kivas.
Committee • on by-laws— B. J. Jones, J. Silva,
E. Burke.
Committee on membership— A. do 'la Torre
Jr. A. Alfreds, J. M. Martinez and C. Torres.
It is the intention of 'the club to have a
large drill corps. A. de la Torre Jr. was
elected unanimously captain of this uni
form club.
. ♦
The Spreckels Club.
The Spreckels Republican Club of the
Thirty-third Assembly District was organ
ize-1 last evening at the Mission Athletic
Club rooms, corner San Bruno road and
Army street. Willis m P. Doran of the
Twenty-ninth District was requested to
call the meeting to order and the follow
ing officers were elected: President, J. J.
Dewy re; vic*-president, John Kidney;
secretary, P. Sullivan; treasurer, Thomas
Barry.
Executive committee —Thomas Me-
Farlau. J. J. Murphy. Thomas Hartman,
James. Morar., Thomas O'Brien.
S'Tgrant-at-arnis— Joe McAuliffe.
On motion of Thomas Barry, McKinley
and Hobart were indorsed as standard
bearers and John D. Spreckels as National
delegate. Speeches were made by Thomas
Barry, Wiiliam P. Doran, John Kidney
and others. Six'y-nine members signed
the roll, tieiort the next meeting the club
expects to have a membership of over 300.
(freat enthusiasm prevailed when Thomas
Barry made the motion to name the club
the Spreckels Republican Club of the
Thirty-third Assembly District. The meet
mp adjourned to meet again next Thurs
day evening.
For Mcklnley and Hobart.
The Thirty-first Assembly District Re
publican Club held its second meeting at
Eleventh and Folsom streets Wednesday
night
A huge bonfire blazed on the street and
the. hall was crowded to the doors. A
number of new members signed the roll,
raakiug a total membership of 200.
cpeechrs were made by P. Corkery, Cap
tain James Mulroy, Louis Berger and E. L.
>olan, and songs were rendered by Messrs.
Kelley and Marloe, William Johnson and
Thomas Riley. The meeting adjourned
with rousing cheers for McKinley and Ho
bart and the Republican party.
Younar Men's Republican League.
The Youujr Men's Republican League
met last night in Judge Kerrigan's court
room, with a large attendance. The prin
cipal matter discussed was the considera
tion of a suitable uniform for a drill corps
in connection with the club. President
Frauk Spencer was in the chair.
It was reported the league was rapidly
increasing in strength and membership.
SWANSERG ARRESTED.
He Will Be Brought From Chicago for
Trial.
A dispatch was received by Chief Crow
ley yeaterday morning from Chicago that
Charles O. Swanberg Had been arrested.
The necessary papers for his extradition
were immediately prepared, and Detective
Ross Whitaker wiil leave with them this
morning for Sacramento to get the Gov
ernor's signature to the warrant. He will
nt once proceed to Chicago to bring Swan
berg back.
Crittenden Thornton, the attorney for
the Corriveau estate, has deposited $500
with Chief Crowley to cover the expenses
of bringing Swanberg back from Chicago.
Captain Lees said last night that he had
received word from Chicago that Swan
berg wa's not so willing to return as H. W.
Westpnal would lead any one to suppose,
! and thAfche would likely apply for a writ
|, of habeas corpus. -The captain wired to
J tlie Chicago- Police Department that
I.Wbttaker. would leave at once with the
requisition' papers.
"I am inclined; to believe," said the
captain, "tdat there is something more
serious in the case than the mere change
of perjury, although when it i« looked
into that is serious enough. When Swan
berg testified that he did not know Corri
veau, prior to August, 1893, it was done
for a purpose and will be iound very ma
terial.
"One fact is very plain, and that is some
j one has got away with the estate of Louis
Corriveau. Of the $75,000 in coin known
I to be in the possession of the old man
shortly before his death not a dol
lar has been found. The estate funds have
absolutely disappeared, and it is charged
that Swanberg knows something about the
disappearance.
"Thft allegation is made to us that Swan
i berg and Westphal got the money out of
the old man during his last "illness.
Whether that be true or not the case de
mands the fullest investigation."
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE
Their Entertainment of the
Delegates to the Recent
. - Convention.
An "Evening at Home" Made Morel
Enjoyable With Mirth, Music
and Recitations.
The Daughters of St. George held their
"evening at home" last nieht in the hall
of the St. George Club at 317 Mason street.
The \ particular occasion of the enter
tainment was the desire of the ladies to
! meet socially the delegates from the Pa
■ cific Coast who attended the annual con
| vent'on of the Sons of St. George, which
closed Wednesday night.
Those ladies having affairs in charge
; were:
President, Mrs. J. B. Staples; vice-president,
Mi.-s Alice Wits; fii'iincial secretary, Mrs
i Helen William:: treasurer, Mrs. Whitam; re
cording secretary, Mrs. G. Mullhner; first con-
I ductor.Miss Ella Meii.iows; socoDd conductor,
I Mrs. Frederick Wassman; past president, Mrs.
I Ackerson; clJaplnin, .Mrs. Hewitt; chairman.
; Mrs. C. H. Mitcnell, and Mrs. Hanks.
The beginning of the evening was de
' voted to a vocal and instrumental pro
> gramme, as follows:
Vocal solo, Miss Theresa Whaley; recitation,
Miss Bessie Harvey; instrumental solo. E
I Herbert Waters; specialties, MissEilaEllisand
Professor Charles F. Graber; song, Mrs. Alice
: Poulson and William Austin.
The .organization of the Daughters of St.
j George consists of eighty-five members. It
J. H. Pryor. Secretary of the "Night in SausaHto" Carnival Committees
■•■:.■-•■•■.■-,-
is benevolent in its pursuit and has a wide
scope in the distribution of its charities.
- lite in the evening a sumptuous repast
was served in the'clubrooms,- after which
the entire assemblage enjoyed some danc
ing.
■ 0 — — — • — • — • . . . I
Grocur Onaile'* Difficulties.
A.Quade<fc Co., «he wholesale grocers who
are in financial difficulties, have tiled a peti
tion in ihe Superior Court to have an attach
ment recently levied upon their goods by W. S.
Morrow, set aside. It is claimed that the
account of $1010 is not due, the sales having
been made on a ninety-day credit basis.
A redhot iron will soften oid putty so
that it can be readily removed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
GAY SAUSALITO'S
BRILLIANT NIGHT,
The Fete to Take Place the
Evening of Septem
ber 19.
CITIZENS ENTHUSIASTIC.
C C. Burce Unanimously Chosen
Chairman of t^e Car
nival.
J. H. PRYOR IS THE SECRETARY.
"A Night in Sausalito" Is to Be the
Greatest Event of the
Bay Town.
When Sausalito turns on the lights for
her "Night" on the evening of September
19, her sister bay-towns will be all the
darker for the great glow that will spring
Commodore C. E. Brace, Chairman of the .'Wight In San«ailto" Carnival
committees.
rom her hills and waterfront. ;Belve- I
dere's fete was splendid, but the citizens
of her neighbor are determined to outdo
her in splendor if possible.
Tne idea of a fete originated with C. C. j
Bruce and Editor J. H. Pryor of the Sau
salito News. Other towns, they con
tended, had got up successful carnivals,
and why not Sausalito. Her highlands
and her beautiful waters would be the
piace for an illuminated display. Colored
signal fires on the peaks would flash far
over the bay ana countless lights from the
houses and from the shipping would com
plete the wonderful scene.
Consequently a mass-meeting was or-
I dered. at which th« oreliniinary steps
j would be taken toward carrying out tiie
j idea of an ideal Sausalito night carnival.
At 8:30 last evening a brass band took
its station at the door of the Town Hall
; and presently martial strains were floating
over the hill, the front and the bay. All
bau^alito gathered Uu.-re and the hall was
filled to the doors. The principal citizens
of the place and a number of ladies
occupied seats near the chairman's stand
If any one doubted the spirit that actu
ated that crowd, the number and enthu
tnatm apparent there surely cleared away
these doubts. Sausalito generally divides
herself In four parts— the hill, the front
the north and ti:e south— and on ordinary
matters she draws the lines between tho4
quarters, but last evening she was a com
mittee of the whole and working for the
"night."
The meeting was called to order by J H
Pryor. who proceeded without any delay
to call for the choice of a temporary chair
man. General Dickinson was unanimously
nominated.
The General took the stand and stated
that a "night in Sausalito" would be one
not eclipsed by a nijtht elsewhere. The
town is so situated that a carnival or any-
thing of tnat nature could not but be a
success.
"I am heartily in accord," said he,
"with the movement as planned by its
originators, Messrs. Bruce and Pryor. I
understand tuat the project has already
been encouraged by financial backing.
With this difficulty overcome we can now
KO ahead and puU together and make 'A
Night in Sausalito' one of the grandest oc
casions known in the festivities of the
State."
Upon the suggestion of General Dickin
son, Mr. Pryor was chosen temporary
secretary and afterward made the perma
nent secretary.
C. C- Bruce was elected temporary chair
man of tne meeting, and took his seat
amid great enthusiasm.
Upon the motion of General Dickinson
an executive committee, of eleven, from
] which a financial committee will be taken,
j was appointed.
It was moved as an amendment that the
committee be increased to twelve that
three could be chosen from the four divi
sions of Jthe place — the hill, the water
front, the new and the old town. This
was strongly opposed as there should be
no divisions in the work, but all should
labor in unity.
Attorney T. J. Crowley, upon being in
vited to speak, stated that although he
was a resident of San Rafael he was in
touch with the idea, as were many other
people of the county seat.
Other persons present spoke earnestly
in favor of the proposition, pledging their
hearty support, and all in the hall ex
pressed themselves heartily in support of
the project.
Chairman Bruce stated that he would,
within the next few days, appoint the dif
ferent committees and that all present
might know that the "night" was already
assured, he suggested that Saturday
evening, September 19, would be a fitting
time for the carnival, and it was unani
mously agreed to set that evening for tne
fete.
In fact so enthusiastic was everybody
j that none dissented to any proposal, and
| little time was lost in the real business of
the mass-meeting.
Upon motion the chairman adjourned
the meeting with the announcement that
the committees which he would appoint
would assemble at the hall next Tuesday
evening.
YOUTH'S DIRECTORY FAIR.
The Work Already Done Indi
cates a Successful Fes
tival.
Chcuncey Ocott Will Give a Ben fit
Performance for the
Directory.
The work of getting up a fair and festival
for the benefit of the Youth's Directory is
proceeding successfully. There is a cer
tainty that one theatrical benefit perform
ance will be given soon to aid the direc
tory, and there is a prospect of another.
The festival will be held in Armory Hall
for nine or ten days, beginning September
28 next.
A meeting was held last evening at
which there was some pleasant discussion
as to whether the ladles should be per
mitted to solicit patrons on the floor of
the fair for the sale of exhibits, and the
feeling of the meeting was that the ladies
could be left to use their own discretion
as to how far to go in this feature of the
work.
When tickets were offered to be taken
for sale for a blooded-horse and buggy and
a era nd upright piano, at $600, a
pretty girl floated forward, said she would
take fifty and see if she had that many
gentlemen friends. The blooded-horse
and buggy tickets were all gone in a few
minutes, but the piano tickets for the time
being remained.
The principal feature of the meeting was
the introduction of Chauncpy Oicott, who
is starring in the Irish play, "Mavonr
neen," acting Manager Eugene fcchutz
and M. J. Murphy of the company. They
offered to give a benefit perlormnnce for
the directory. The offer was accepted. A
committee was appointed to arrange a
date, and a resolution of thanks to Mr.
Oicott and bis partner, Mr. Pitou, was
unanimously passed.
It being understood that Manager
Alorosco of Morosco's might lend an ear
to a proposition for a benefit performance,
a committee wai appointed to see ninij
and the meeting adjourned for two
weeKs.
AN AGENT TO JAPAN.
Joint Meeting ot Commercial Bodies at
the Chamber of Commerce.
At a joint meeting yesterday of the
members of the Chamber ot Commerce,
the Board of Trade and the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association John L. How
ard was in the chair. The object of the
meeting was to discuss the matter of send
ing a commercial commissioner to Japan.
It was decided to appoint a committee
of seven to take into consideration the se
lection of an agent, who will then inter
view the merchants of this City with the
purpose of enlisting their aid in this
effort to secure the Japanese trade for San
Francisco.
The chair was given time to appoint the
committee.
Bound for San Rafael.
On Sunday next the San Francisco Hebrew
Social Club will give its first annual family
picnic and excursion to Schcetzen Park, near
San Rafael. A game of baseball has been ar
ranged as a feature of the day.
CHARITABLE WORK
DONE BY GERMANS,
Quarterly Meeting of the
German Benevolent
Society.
MANY FAMILIES AIDED.
Excellent Condition of the Fi
nances of the Scciety
at Present
MEMBERSHIP MUCH INCREASED
A Grand Promenade Concert to Be
Given Some Time During the
Coming Fall.
The quarterly meeting of the German
General Benevolent Society was held last
night at Druids Hall on Sutter street,
above Stockton. The meeting was well
attended and considerable interest was
manifested in the proceedings.
The report of President Brcemmel for
the quarter ending June 30 showed that
the society was in a very satisfactory con
dition both in the number of members and
the finances. The receipts for tne quarter
amounted to $29,451 77 and the expendi
tures $22,273 37, leaving a balance of
$7178 40. The cash on hand on June 30
amounted to $11,340 88, as against $9787 39
at the end of the preceding quarter.
A vast amount of charitable work has
been carried on by the society during the
past three months. Relief has been given
to 273 men and 134 women, in addition to
190 families that have been aided. In 604
cases of charity $2375 35 has been ex
pended. In the drug-store managed by
the society 2107 prescriptions have been
furnished) and seven patients without
means treated at the hospital.
An encouraging increase in the mem
bership of the society has taken place
since the beginning of the quarter just
closed. One hundred and forty-eight
members Have been added to the roll, as
against 109 for the preceding quarter. The
total membership on June 30 was 3207, as
against 3097 at the end of March.
Several minor changes were made in
the constitution upon the suggestion
of the special committee appoint
ed at the last quarterly meeting for
the purpose. The changes related princi
pally to the admittance of new members
and admission fees. A motion was carried
to establish a permanent fund from the
payment of life-membership fees, to be
used only in cases of necessity for building
or some similar purpose.
It was also resolved to hold a festival or
promenade concert about the end of Octo
ber or the beginning of November in con
nection with the German Ladies' Benevo
lent Society. While the society hopes to
benefit financially by such a festival the
main object is to unite and interest the
members of the society and the Germans
of this City; __
CLARKE MUST NEED MONEY.
The Counselor Sues the Police Com-
missioners for S'J, OOO.OOO.
Attorney Alfred Clarke, better known
as "Nobby" Clarke, yesterday filed a suit
against the individual members of the
Board of Police Commissioners of 1894,
which, should it be decided in his favor,
would bankrupt every one of the defend
ants.
The suit is filed on behalf of Fred Frey,
to whom twenty-six policemen who were
discharged from the force on April 15,
1894, have assigned their claims against
the City. There are also twenty-four more
claims held in reserve. Forty thousand
dollars damage* is asked in each case, a
total of $2,000 000.
The grounds on which the suit is brought
are that the policemen were "dismissed
without any cause whatsoever, owing to tee
evil eyes, depraved minds and abandoned
hearts" oi the Commissioners. It is
claimed that the dismissals were made at
• " : ' • '. ! ■•'. 4 " ; i NEW to-dat; .
f^ni^^n If -I
GOING FAST===
==^ LAST CHANCE!
Been a big buying this ; week of those suits at
$10. ' Most people appreciate $12 SO, $15 and $18
Suits at that price. Clay Worsted Cheviots and
Scotch Tweeds — the handsomest suits in the house. •
. You want to hurry ! It's for this week only.
To-morrow -night stops the — the way they
are going we'll have room enough for our fall goods.
7A ' companion bargain — $6, $7 and $8 High-
grade Worsted Trousers — ;
— $4.0O —
Until to-morrow 10:30 sharp the sale stops.
| QuaJily fells- TAILORS Price sells]
MARKET jK'£l^ S^^^^X
a "star chamber" session, at which the
I discharged policemen were not repre
! sented or given an opportunity to defend
themselves.
This action on the part of the Commis
: sioners is declared to be in direct opposi-
I U on le i a o r 'icle 14 of the constitution of the
Lnited States and to section 1979 of the
Revised Statutes.
The result of tbe wholesale dismissal is
said to have ruined the lives of the dis
missed, to have taken tbe bread and butter
from the mouths of their children and to
have degraded them in the eyes of their
fellow-citizens. For all of wiiich anguish
$40,000 is thought to be a sufficient salve
in each case.
NOT A BRUTAL SPORT.
Admirers of Babbit-Conning Defend
Their Favorite Pastime.
Lovers of rabbit-coursing are resolved to
show the enemies of cruelty to animals
that their favorite pastime is neither
brutal nor unmanly. Wednesday a number
of well-known society men interested in
the sport got together for the purpose of
talsing over the feasibility of forming a
club.
As yet no definite steps have been taken,
but it is understood that a meeting for the
purpose of perfecting an organization will
be called at an early date.
"For my own part, I simply deny that
the sport is brutal," said William H.
Chenowith, one of the local connoisseurs
in the matter of fox terriers and rabbits
and their mutual antipathies. "I snow that
some members of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, notably its
secretary, have characterized these pas
times as the very acme of barbaric ferocity.
We hope, however, in a very short time,
to show them that their ideas are warped
and mistaken.
"To begin with, the hares or rabbits will
be given every chance to escape. The dogs
used will not be cruel hounds, which rend
and mangle any animal they may catch,
but light, agile fox terriers. These does
kill their prey at the very instant of nab
bing it, and each brings his catch forth
with to his master's feet.
"I have a little beauty whose name is
'Fiver.' She once belonged to the Earl
of Essex, but while still a pup was pre
sented by him to Nat Goodwin. Once
Goodwin was playing cards and went
broKe. Seiziug the pup he placed her on
the table saying, 'Here goes for a fiver.'
He won heavily, and thus my bonnie girl
got her name. . She has two cups as bright
as herself. The idea of anybody saying
that such animals coi'ld be cruel!"
An exhibition of rabbit-coursing is in
prospect, which the officers of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
will be invited to witness. If they see
«nything objectionable in the sport it will
be discontinued, otherwise the club will
be permanently organized and hold its
matches at frequent intervals.
Building Trades Council.
At a meeting of the Building Trades Council
last evening resolutions were passed denounc
ing the Board of Education tor letting the
work of renovating the schoolhouses to con
tractors who employ non-union workmen and
pay low wages. It was decided to continue
the matter of admitting delegates from the
International Bricklayers' Union until the dif
ferences with the local union are settled.
Vice-President H. F. Collins was elected presi
dent vice H. Myers resigned, and H. C. Hincken
was chosen to fill the vr.oancy.
NEW HOTEL PROJECT.
Only a Small Crowd nt the Mats- Meet-
ing far 11* JJineuißiou.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 30.— There
was a decidedly small crowd in the Los
Angeles Theater to-night to attend the
mass-meeting called in the interests of the
new hotel project. About $1000 was
pled?ed by those present, although the
subscription was not officialy started at
the meeting. Colonel H. G. Otis suggested
that a committee of three be appointed to
segregate the various businesses atid pro
fessions into classes and a thorough can
vass be made to raise the additional funds
necessary for purchasing the hotel site.
Colonel Otis, E. F. C. Klokke and E. A.
Miller were appointed as the committee in
addition to members of the committee.
Remarks were matte by Mr. Junna Neal,
who is at the head of the enterprise, J. S.
Slauson and Jefferson Chandler.
Eureka Itamatje Suit.
EUREKA, Cal., July 30.— Lillie M.
Martin na9 commenced suit in the Su
perior Court against the City Street Im
provement Company of San Francisco for
$50,000 damages. She is guardian ad litem
of the three minor children of Edward
lnma'n, one of three larborers who were
killed at the Government jetty works on
July 17, when a car overturned into the
ocean and buried the men under tons of
rock. The complaint alleges that the fa
tality was due to a defective car, owned by
the company, which has a contract to
build the north jetty.
kkw to-sat:
To=Day
for
Bargains
Store crowded to the doors. To
those who could not get waited on,
we« apologize sincerely. We have
additional clerks now. Come every-
body. „ ' :'■. ■}
Summer Clearance Sale
—the one event of Shoe selling > this
year.
We mention a few samples, picked
at random. The balance makes a
big store full.
• Reduced .
from '
Infants' Moccasins, sizes 0 to 3.. 50c to 2Oc
Infants' Fine Kid Button, sizes
2 to 6... 75c to 45c
Infants' Fine Tan Kid Button,
sizes 2 to 5 ."„..-.. 75c to 60c
.Child's Fine Tan Kid Button, all
kids or brown cloih top, spring '
heels, sizes 4 to 7 $125 to 90c
Child's 'lan Goat Button, stout
soli's, spring; i.eels, sizes 0 to
7y 3 p. '. $1 25 :.0 95c
Kiz»s Bto 10 y 2 $1 50 to SI 15
Misaes'Tan <;oat Button, spring
heel, sizes oto 2... $1 75 to f 1 35
Ladl s' Hne .iiace Kid Buf.on,
pointed or narrow sqdare toe.. $2 50 to $1 65
Ladies' White- Canvas -Oxford ■-
Tie 5........:.... $2 00 to $1 25
Ladles' White Canvas Southern
Ties ..s%"r.r.t:vr.:..Tr.v.r—;.. $2 50 to $1 70
Ladies' Canvas Leggings (black.
or russet) 75c to 60c
Assorted Lot of Ladles' Fine
French Kid Button : A, B. C
widths only: si'.e* •:'/« to 3y 2 ; \ ■
worth $3 to $6: reduced to.'.. ' $1 00
Bors' v .»al Button shoes, , all
sizes up to 6; reduced from $2 00 to $1 15
Men's i oodyear Welt, razor toe
Bluchers... $3 50 to $1 90
Men's batln Calf, lace and con-
cre-is, medium square toe and
, tip.. ................. $2 50 to $1 50
Men's Uusset Calf, narrow square
toe, lace, hand welt, fine dress
shoe. .;.......:.. $5 00 to $3 60
COME EARLY
And avoid the crowds. Mail orders
promptly filled. Cannot prepay
charges on reduced goods. Send
for catalogue.
Kast's
JsL 2k.£41/ S3 %j 25
738-740 Market St.
Headquarters for Buckingham &
Hecht's Shoes.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST BT., SAN
Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Hitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, -modern languages, English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly ; taught. Department of Klectrieal En-
gineering in operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Nigh sessions, students can commence
at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions. "~
Write for catalogue. . ■ ■
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR TIIE TJNr-
i. verslty, Law and Medical Colleges. ■ Admission
on recommendation. Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. Day and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, Nos
333-835. • PKOF. L. H. GRAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University.
ST. MATTHEW'S jiCHOOL FOR BOYS.
TWO MILES FROM SAN MATEO; THIRTY-
i- first year. For catalogue address REV. AL-
FREDJLEK BREWER, D.D.. Rector, Ban Maleo
Cal. ■'■.;■ :,: ■
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
FRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
moved, from 515 H night st. to 230 Haight-
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college; term opens August 3.
TRINITY school (founded 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY . SCHOOL FOR BOYS
and young men. Prepares ■ for university and
coliece. ■ Boarders limited to ' 35. Accredited
school with : the universities. ; Easter term opens
Monday, August 8.
REV. DR. E. 8.-SPALDINO. Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, ENG-
L.-dU I 'llsb. perfect mastery of French and Ger- -
man, thorough musical training, dancing; $30 per
month: 'new term July 27; coach.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
T>E-"»PENS r AUGUHT S. FULL COLLEGIATE,
XV seminary "and ' academic - courses; " unequaled
musical and elocutionary advantages; terms
moderate. Address MRS. C. T. MILLS,
■ . Mill* College P. P., Cal.
SNELL SEMINARY,
"I 91 O MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD-
X^iXO Ing and Day School for Girls; pupils pre-
pared for college and university: next term ooeoit
MONDAY, August. 3, 1B9« - - ■■■•
MARY E. SNELL, Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
• > ladles. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage - will - call. • » Next ■ session will begin on
Monday, August 3. Address
RKV. E. B. CHURCH, A.M., 10315 Valencia %t.
RADCLIFFE HALL,
A FRKFA i AXO .. SCHOOL for CURLS.
For Illustrated Catalogue address
k HK). ALJPHKL'S BULL.
: .;::'- ; Belmont, California.
rpHE THIRD SCUOOL-YEAU OF THE "CALI-
-1 fornia school of Mechanical Area (Lick school)
will begin Monday. July 27. Aprlicants tor ad-
mission should be present Wednesday. July -9, at
9 a. m. Any boy or girl of Ca.lforula who has com-
pleted all but one of the grammar grades, or an
equivalent, ;la ■ qualified to . enter, v Tuition ■ free.
Places reserved for country pupils
MISS HAM LIN'S SCHOOL AND, VAN NESS
Semi nary.; a : boarding ' and day school . for
girls under .the direction of JUcSS SARAH .D.
II AM LIN and MBS. EDNA'SNKLL POL'LSUN.
Full term op«ns Wei., Aug. 5. All departments,
kindergarten to college preparatory, (all or writs
for particulars.- 1849 Jackson st.v San Francisco. \
7 ISKA INSTITUTE 1606 van NES3 aye.—
Li Day I and - boarding school ■ lor girls: from pri-
mary ■ through • collegiate . department; thorough
;ourse of English, -French: and German: those
wishing to join the graduating class should lx»
present on . day of opening, August •X. ■. MMii. '
B. ZISKA. A.M., Principal. .
pMEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\J EEKLY CALL,' sent ,to any : address in th«
United States or Canada one year for % 1 50. . post-
k« free.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. *
SUBSCRIPTION -Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Sally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, »ix months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .66
'Sunday Call, on* year, by ma 11... •••• 1-60
WkkKLY Call, one year, by mall *-*0
THE SUMMER MONTHS. '
Are you going to the country on a vacation r If
f« it lit no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO KXTKA CHAIUiK.
BUSINESS OFFICE :
710 Market Street,
San Fruncisoo, California.
Telephone .......'■.:» .Maln-1868
o EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
.Telephone..... Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
° 680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock. -
fcW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
jontil 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock. .
° 116 X\Uiih street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
■ : 608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI end 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
Friday .........JULY 31,; 1896
. . /THE CALL "S PEAKS FOR ALL. '
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
fobJpkbsidknt—
: ."..;. WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
FOKTICF-rUESIDENT-
. GARRET A. KOBART, of New Jersey
0 ELKCTIOS NOTE3IBER 3. 1896.
■> • Keep the campaign moving.
Tom Watson, you got there; now stay
there.
Profcction and international bimetal
lism ie the cry.
We niujit organize victory if we are
going to have victory at all.
Every Republican is needed in the pro- |
cession, and all should be there.
Democracy is as incapable of giving us
° BOilnd money as sound business. „ ■ |
> «o Tom Reed has led the way in Maine,
and tfce whole East will soon be roused.
'» Every Republican of energy and influ
-1 ence is counted on to help in the canvass, i
•
The Solid Seven no longer sneer when i
they ask: AVliat are you going to do ;
about it?
Protection to industry means wages to !
labor, and that is the money question in I
California.
•
Free silver with no work and no wages
would bring no comfort to the homes of
the people.
o Democratic talk threatens a panic, and
if that party should win the talk will not
be in vain.
Bryan cannot carry Nebraska; Bewail'
° cannot carry Maine; Watson cannot carry ,
, Georgia, and there you have iv
The gold Democrats of Nebraska "will
not trust Mr. Bryan. They have had their
eyes on him a long time and know nirn
well. °
The tax-shirkers may have a mass-meet
ing to indorse the Solid Seven, but it will
. be in a back-room, and the people will be
■ excluded.
The Teller bolt was not big enough to
Bhut the door fast on Colorado, and she is
coming out strongly for McKinley and
protection.
With fifteen months in jail before him,
Jameson has a chance cto repent at leis
ure; but there is dunger tbe villain may
write a book.
It is worth noting that even the wildest
bolters- from the Republican party are
not bolting so far but what they can k eep
one loot on the protection plank.
As one result of the Chicago platform
gold boarding has begun, and thus has the
Democratic party once more inflicted an
injury upon the trade of the country.
A man must be a silly rather than an
intelligent advocate of free coinage of sil
ver who is willing to intrust it to the class
of men who control the Democratic party.
If the gold Democrats carry out the pro
posal to nominate J. Sterling Morton for
President the climax will t>e capped, and
Nebraska will immediately become a
storm center.
The absence of any sign or sound of a
free-trader in this campaign is one of the
cheering proofs that even a Bourbon
Democrat can learn a little sense if you let
him have bis fool way for a while.
Taking the taxes off rich corporations
and piling them on the homes of the
people, tts tbe Solid Seven haveUone, may
be a means of enriching somebody, but it
certainly won't enrich the community.
Republicans should make this cam
paign everywhere with the protection ban
ner fuil advanced to the front. It was
under that standard the people prospered,
and they will carry it 10 victory this year
all along the line.
There is no chance of Democratic suc
cess in this contest except the one chance
of overconfidence in the Uepubiican ranks,
and it seems by their factions and their
wranglings the Democrats Jre-tryine to
increase that chance by every means in
their power.
"For my part," said Tom Reed, in open
ing tbe canvass in Maine, "I want a pros
perity which by good wages to ail is
■bared by ail. We want broader life,
broadening erery day for all our people."
This is tbe true Republican aspiration and
the people share iv
The important question which includes
all other questions of tbe campaign is
that which Tom Reed asked of the people
of Maine on Wednesday: "It this Nation
has thrice at the poils condemned tbe
Democratic party when it was better, are
we now to place it in power when it has
become worse? If the Democrats blun
dered in business with their best men
present, are they going to be a success
with their best men absent?''
THE WAGE-BARNER'S FIGHT.
The wage-earners of tbe country are
more interested in the issue of this year's
campaign than in any former struggle for
political supremacy. To be »ure all classes
are vitally interested, but it so happens
that . the Democratic party's declaration
is a direct attack upon working people.
The inventors of that party's platform
did not seem to appreciate the strength
ana influence of the laboring men of the
country when they made what is the
equivalent of a declaration of war upon
them. The impetuous appeals of orators
to labor to join in the revolutionary
movement are better calculated to make
labor suspicious than submissive. In fact,
so antagonistic to the best interests of )a
bor are the purposes of the Democratic
and Populist core bine that the campaign
might be called the wage-earner's battle
for borne and opportunity to earn wages.
It is a mistake to suppose that capital,
that rich people would suffer most were
the economic vagaries of the Bryans
adopted for the rule and guide of the Na
tion's affairs. The rich can always adjust
their holdings to new conditions. In fact
they can retire altogether from the activ
ities of the business world, but not so with
wage-earners. When their hands are idle
ttieir income ceases, and if they have put
by a little money for use when the rainy
day comes it has to be drawn upon for cur
rent expenses. But that is not all the mis
fortune that would come to the wage
earner were the principles of the Bryans
practically ap'piied in the public concerns
of the country. He would have to deal
with an unsound and treacherous mone
tary system which would deprive his
wages of purchase power, stability and
certainty.
The wage-earners of tbe "United States
arc ihe principal supporters of building
associations. ■ They have nrore than $500,
-000,000 invested in them, and every dollar
of it is worth 100 cents anywhere in the
world. Wagd-earners together with other
classes have over $13,000,000,000 placed in
life insurance companies, to ray nothing
oi tbe millions that are invested in fra
ternal life insurance associations. A great
deal of this money will be due and pay
able in the not very distant future, and it
is a matter of the greatest importance
that it retain its present purchase power,
for in proportion as it is paid in unsound
njoney will the insured be a loser.
The latest statistics show that there are
1017 savings banks and institutions in this
country with depositors aggre-.
gating nearly 5,000.000, with total de-'
posits reaching the enormous sum of, in
round numbers, $1,900,000,000. Ot course
these banks and institutions kecD the
money loaned for the most part on real
estate mortgage security, and it is payable
in money worth 100 cents to the dollar,
but how many cents to the dollar would
these savings of wage-earners be worth if
Bryan's wild, uncertain and fluctuating
hat dollars were to become the circulating
money medium of the country? These
are matters which wage-earners cannot
think about too seriously. Bryan says if
his plan should fail it would be an easy
matter to try another, and keep on try
ing, but are wage-earners ready to have
their wages made subject to experiment
at the hands qf theorists? Every dollar in
this country is as good as its face value in
gold, and it is Mr. McKinler's purpose to
maintain that parity. It is his purpose,
too, to make gold and silver interchange
able on their own merit, but by agreement
arid not by the hat of martial law.
REED'S POINTED QUESTION.
Speaker Reed has opened the campaign
for the party in Maine and bounded a new
keynote for the party in every State. Re
•ferring to the plight tbe Democrats had
thrust the country into he said: "If they
blundered in business with their best men
present, are they going to be a success on
finance with their best men absent?"
Here is a question that every voter in the
counfry should feel was put to him per
sonally. If such men as Cleveland, Hill,
Yilas, Vest, Yoorbees and Palmer proved
themselves unequal to the task of giving
tbe country a business administration,
what is to be expected from such men as
Bryan, Altgeld, Debs and Sovereign? To
answer that question correctly is to vote
correctly, or for McKinley, which is the
same thing.
Mr. Reed is quite right in holding Dem
ocratic incompetency as well as foolish
legislation responsible for the terrible
financial panic of the last three years.
Times were good and business active
until Democratic tinkering with tbe cus
toms revenue created the suspicion in
business circles that there was likely to be
a great deal of blundering, and after that
it did not take long for confidence to
withdraw from commercial circles. It
could not be otherwise than that a disas
trous panic should follow such conditions.
The administration forfeited tbe confi
dence of the public iv its ability to man
age the affairs cf the country on business
principles, and naturally enougn capital
and industry were driven into hiding.
Now, if the greatest men of tee party
failed to see what the needs of commerce
were, what would be the consequence of
Democrats of the smallest caliber getting
possession of the government? Cleve
land aud his advisers forget more every
day about tbe science of government than
Bryan would know in a lifetime, and yet
nothing but commercial and industrial
wreck and ruin is sure in their path. "If
this nation has thrice at the polls con
demned this party when it was better, are
we eoing now to place it in power when it
has got worse? If they blundered in
business with their best men present, are
they going to be a success on finance with
their best men absent?"
FREE TRADE AND BUIN.
Tbe student of practical politics will
find much to interest him in The Call's
third article on the wool industry in to
day's issue. The salient point brought out
by the historical sketch of wool under the
Bryan-Wilson policy is that William Jen
nings Bryan is hardly a kindergarten
graduate in the science of economics.
In his defense of the Wilson bill tbe
"Boy Orator of the Platte" predicted that
free trade would enable American manu
facturers of woolen goods to build up an
export trade that would call for more
workmen at higher wages. Let us see
what the cold facts say.
Iv every department of the wool in
dustry, from the sheen-grower to tbe girl
who attends the weaving-machine, there
is general paralysis. Sixty per cent of the
American mills are idle, and American
wools are to-day 33 per cent under tbe
London market, with a slow sale. Under
the McKinley bill they were 44 per cent
above the London market, and sales were
active.
The loss to American woojen-mill em
ployes and others engaged iv the wool
industries of the country amounts to a
third of a million dollars each day. At
Lawrence, Mass.. 30,000 employes are idle
and hungry. How do these facts comport
with William Jennings Bryan's prediction
that more people would be employed than
under protection and at increased wages?
The reports show tlm the Wilson-Bryan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31. 1896.
policy has greatly helped the English
woolen industry; that English mills are
busy making $20,000,000 of cheap shoddies
every year for the American market, as
against $1,250,000 a year under the Mc-
Kinley biil. Under the benign effects cf
that law all the factories were busy, work
men were happy and a million llockinas
ters were prosperous. They dispensed
$24,000,000 annually in wages, but they
have now become mere producers of
mutton.
More startling still is the showing that
the entire saving for all this destruction is
but 88 cents on each snit of clothes of the
finest quality and less on t tie working
men's clothing. «
We commend the reading of the story of
the ruin wrought by free trade to all im
partial students of the signs of tbe times.
It is apparent that without protection
American industries must perish ana
American laborers go hungry.
"ORGANIZE" 18 THE ORDER,
A general meeting of the managers of
tbe Republican party has been held and
Dlans agreed upon. That this will be the
roost vigorous campaign tbe party has
ever waged there does not appear to be
any doubt It is understood that it is the
wish of Mr. McKinley that the best possi
ble educational work be done, for the
questions at issue mean so much that no
one should be left to do any guesswork.
The honor and prosperity of the nation
are attacked, and Mr. McKinley is anxious
that the people should know exactly what
the election of the Democratic-Populist
combine's candidate would mean to them,
and what tbe return of the Republican
party to power would mean.
Mr. McKinley is no doubt directing in a
general way hi 3 campaign. At all events
it looks tbat way. Mr. McKinley believes
the tariff and financial questions should
not be divorced, but at tbe same time the
fact should be paraded that the financial
depression of the country is due almost
wholly to Democratic tinkering with the
tariff. He believes that no substantial
prosperity can be counted upon until a
tariff is adopted that will insure enough
revenue to meet the expenses of the Gov
ernment. Let the fallacy of Democratic
monetary theories be shown up on every
occasion, but tbe tariff question should
not be minimized. Tbe tariff question
should be made the rallying point, but in
doing that the importance of giving the
country a sound and safe circulating money
medium t-hould not be overlooked.
But what was urged most at the general
meeting of the narty's lenders was the im
portance of local organizations. TLcre
should be a well-organized club in every
school district, even if there are not more
than a half-dozen voters. It is from the
neighborhood organization that the coun
ty. Congressional and State committees
get the ''forecast." It is to be hoped tnat
the Republicans of California will see the
importance of conforming to the wishes of
Mr. McKinley, and organize so perfectly
that every Republican voter in the State
will be an active member of some sort of a
campaign club.
TAX-PAYEES AND TAX-SHIRKERS
Tbe action taken by the Grand Jury to
bring about the prosecution of seven mem
bers of tbe Board of Supervisors, and the
mass-meeting held to denounce the con
ouct of those official*, have been beneficial
to the public inasmuch as they have
served to call attention to the great wrong
done to the taxpayers of tbe City by tbe
seven Supervisors in showing undue lavors
to tax-shirking corporations.
It is not the province of a newspaper to
prejudge cases that are to be tried in the
courts, and Ihe Call will not attempt to
do so in ibia case. Whether tbe indict
ment will stand or whether sufficient evi
dence legally admissible to convict is ob
tainable are questions we do not care to
enter upon. These are matters for the
courts. There is, however, a broader issue
than that which wil 1 be carried into court,
and one on wh ich there will be accepted
all evidence that carries a moral convic
tion to fair-minded mer. That issue it is
the proviuce of newspapers to present
over and over again and to press insist
ently upon the people. It is the issue of
the gross wrong done to honest tax-payers
when officials, whether from corruption or
from favor, allow dishonest tax-shirkers
to escape their share of the common tax
necessary to maintain the municipality.
That the favored tax-shirkers in this
case are rich and powerful corporations
well able to bear their due share of the
public burdens is an aggravation of the
offense, inasmuch as this favoritism to
those who are well able to pay compels a
heavier tax upon those who are less able
to do" so. That the reduction in assess
ments for taxation of those corporations
was made by officials who had themselves
fixed the valuations of the same property
at millions of dollars more when estab
lishing the rates of charges to be made
upon the public was also an aggravation,
inasmuch as it showed a shameless disre
gard for even a pretense at fair dealing.
These two aggravations ot a wrong origin
ally serious enough to fairly justify the
term robbery have raised it to a point
where tbe absence of public indignation
would imply the absence of a public con
science. To protest against such offenses
is the duty of every citizen and of every
journal that cares anything for the public
welfare or its own good repute.
All protests and resolutions should tend
to some action. The case of the accused
Supervisors can be left to the courts. The
issue of securing better officials in their
places must be carried to the polls. If we
are as a people to profit by the lesson
taught by this exhibition of oflicial favor
itism to tax-shirkers we mast begin to do
so at once. A municipal election is ap
proaching. Good citizens and honest tax
payers must unite to make sure of the
election of honest men. That is the broad
issue before us. Let us unite, work to
gether and win.
The men who have had to pay more
than their share of taxes because the
Solid Seven favored the big tax-shirkers
have a just right to kick, and if they do
not land the kick with vigor the shirkers
will cinch them again.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. X. V., July 30.— At the West
minster, J. W. Foster; Grand Union, L. Good
child: Netherland, O.Whittlett.
PERSONAL.
Alfred Bouvier will leave for New York this
evening.
Dr. P. F. Upham and wife of Dixon are guests
at tbe Grand.
Dr. J. M. Lang and wife of Chicago are guests
at the Palace.
W. H. McCiintock, a mine-owner of 80 nor a,
is at the Lick.
Dr. George W. Robinson of Los Angeles Is a
the California.
,; G. R. Acassiz of Boston, Mass., is registered
at the California.
■■:■ J. A. Cooper, a lawyer of Ukiah, is a late ar
rival at the Grand. ,
General X. P.*Chlpman, the lawyer, of Bed
Bluff, is at the Palace. .
) George Mainhart, a Grass Valley minicg man,
Is visiting at tne Urand. "
C. H. Ordway of Reno, Nev., Is one of the
latest arrivals at the Grand.
F. J. Rae, a lana-owner of Auckland, N. Z., is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. J. 11. Glass of El Paso de Robles is one of
the late arrivals at the Grand.
William Miller, who is in the stage business
at Ukiah, is a guest at ihe Grand.
Dr. W. G. Cole of Guerncville is at the Cali
fornia with his wife and daughter.
H. C. Nash, librarian of Stanford University,
arrived at the California last night.
O. E. Graves, principal of the Red Bluff High
School, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
Bishop Broyer of Samoa, en route to France,
arrived here on the Monowai yesterday.
Aaron Smith, a railroad man from Los An
geles, is making a sLort stay at the Grand.
J. K. Leaving, proprietor of the Hotel Vin
cent, of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Baldwin.
Henry M. Ayer of San Jose, wno owns a large
cattle range in Arizona, is registered at the
Lio.k.
W. M. Baldwin, a wealthy business man of
Cleveland, Ohio, is a guest at the Cosmo
politan.
Dr. Amos Graves Jr. of San Antonio, Tex.,
registered at the Palace yesterday with Miss
Ollvp Graves.
H. M. Talbott of Minneapolis, manager ol a
large theatrical circuit, of which that city is a
center, is at the Palace.
William H. Alford oi Visalla, chairman of
the Democratic State Central Committee, is
staying at ttie California.
D. Burkhalter, division superintendent at
Bakersfleld of the Southern Pacific Railroad,
is at toa Grand with his wife.
J. H. Ahem, the Bakersfleld attorney and
ex-District Attorney of Kern County, is In
town on a visit to his relatives.
O. J. Smith of Nevada, whose business is buy
ing ores from different California, Arizona and
Mexican mines, is at the Palace.
& G. Wilder and wife of Honolulu arrived
from the Ulands yesterday 011 their bridal tour
and are staying at the Occidental.
Hugo Fisher Jr., a newspaper artist of Hono
lulu, arrived hure yesterday on a visit to his
brother Harrison Fisher, the artist of this City.
Enrique Monoz and Jose Avila, successful
coffee-planters of Guatemala, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday on their way to the East.
Colonel George W. Bell, United States Consul
at Sydney, Australia, arrived here yesterday
on the Monowai and is registered at tne Occi
dental.
Moss Davis, a large merchant of Auckland,
N. Z., is registered at the Occidental with his
wife and three daughters. They are going to
Europe.
Lawrence Webster, superintendent of the
East Indian Tek-graph Company, is at the Pal
ace, having arrived here yesterday on the
Monowai.
Dr. C. H. Haines, a prominent physician of
Auckland, H. Z., now on his way to Europe
with his wife and Miss Isaacs, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
EL Z. Osborne, editor of the Los Angeles
Record, and a prominent Republican of the
southern part of the State, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Captain Hy Muller, a member of tho pilot
service at Bombay, India, arrived here yester
day on the Monowai in the course of a tour of
the world for his health.
Archbishop Redwood 0/ the Catholic
churches of Wellington. New Zealand, arrived
here yesterday on the Monowai, and will soon
resume bis journey to Rome, Italy.
Dr. F. A. C. Perrine, head professor of the de
partment of electrical engineering at Stanford
University, returned yesterday from Lake
Tahoe and registered at the Palace with his
wife.
Miss C;ara Schwartz, daughter of H. J.
Schwartz, tue local watchmaker and jeweler,
returned to her home yesterday from Auck
land, New Zealand, where she has been visit
ing friends.
Henry W. Spalding of the law decartment
of the San FrancUco and San Joaquln Valley
Railway will visit Stockton next week for the
purpose of getting stock subscribers to sign
the trust agreement.
H. T. Poindexter, a student in the geological
department at Stanford University, is at the
THE IRON CHANCELLOR AND HIS GUEST.
LI Hung: Changr, who Is soon to visit S^n Francisco, was an honored
visitor at Frledrlchsruhe during his stay In Germany, and just
before departure was photographed in company with Bismarck.
Palace. He will in a few days join a geological
party of six persons who are to be et work, for
two months iv Calavera* County.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yesterday
were J. B. Irving and E. L. Irving, who have
orange orchards in the San Antonio Canyon, a
district near Ontario, San Bernardino County.
They have returned from a fishing trip up the
Kern River and have incidentally been looking
for mines. They saw none.
Ernest Lapt Lome, a journalist of Bcrrigan,
Australia, where he is uroprietor of a paper, is
at the Occidental. He was a passenger on the
Monowai and during the voyage undertook,
for amnsemeut, the publication each Saturday
of a paper of which there was only the original
manuscript copy. These papers will, however,
be printed here and distributed to the passen
gers.
Percy F. Marks, special correspondent and
one of the proprietors of the London Financial
News, a large dally paper with a circulation of
200,000 copies, is at the Palace. He has been
examining the mines of Australia and New
Zealand for his paper, and has also been cor
responding for the Glasgow Herald. Be will
now examine American minintr regions, be
ginning with the Cripple Creek district.
M. M. Shoemaker of Cincinnati, Ohio, ana
Ten Eyck Wendell of Cazsbovia, two wealthy
men who were at the Palace for several days,
left yesterday on the China for Honolulu,
whetice tiu'y vi;i g O to New Zealand. Mr.
Shoemaker is a great traveler, and has written
two books founded on hi* experiences in
Europe and Asm. One, "Trans Caspia," deals
with a long horseback journey; the other,
"Eastward to the Land of the Rising Sun," is
of a popular descriptive and reminiscent char
acter. Both books are illustrated by pictures
taken by the author while traveling.
PARAGRAPHS A BOUT PEOPLE.
The parents of twins recently born in Butler,
Mo., have named them Gold and Silver.
Count Leo Tolstoi thinks that the English
and the Zulus are the two most brutal nations
on the eurth.
Rudyard Kipling was recently offered a
handsome price for his Vermont residence, but
refused to sell. He intimated that he would
occupy it permanently after next year.
Eugenic has returned to England from a trip
to the scenes of her chiidhood in Spain. She
had no' betn in Granada for some years, but
recognized many ot her old friends and was
delighted by her visit to her birthplace. The
ex-Empress is in excellent health.
A remarkable individual named Fontenay
has just died at Montpelier, France. Despite
the fact that he possessed 25,000,000 francs he
was disgustingly miserly. In the streets with
his ragged dirty clothes he looked like a
beggar. He was nearly 70 years old and had
never been married.
Miss A. M. Reynolds, the World's secretary
of the Young Women's Christian Association,
returned not long ago from a trip to the associ
ation houses in Cape Town, Tasmania, New
Zealand, and Australia. She is a daughter of
the liev. William Reynolds of New Haven,
Conn., and is a graduate of Wellesley College.
She spent three years studying in Berlin and
Paris, and cau make fluent addresses in Ger
man, French and Italian.
George Zimmerman has compiled a book
Containing selections from the writings of
roysl writers. It is entitled "Princely Authors
of the Nineteenth Ceutury," and contalnscon
tributions by William 11, Ludwig 11, Alexander
111, and about forty other Kings, Queens,
Princes and Princesses. Not a few oi the con
tributions are in verse.
THE DOCTOR
He must not walk his rounds for fear his patients
think him poor,
Aud dear ydo they love to see a carriage at their
door:
And if tin hone is fat "he must have little work
to do,"
And If he's lean the reason Is "he starves the poor
old screw."
Should he call upon his patterns «very day when
Uir-y are ill
Bis motive plainly Is "to make a great big doctor's
bill";
if he visits ihem less frequently— thus less'ninsr
The chances are he'll be accused of willful negli
gence.
He must work all day and half the night and never
aay he'« tired.
For tbe public look upon him simply as a servant
hired,
And should ne take a holiday he'll find when be
comes oaclv
Some patients uave resented it by giving him "the
sack. "
Concerning money he must seem Indifferent to be.
Aud folks will think be practices from pure phil
anthropy.
When »« hear him boasting of the guineas that he
earns
We wonder If they appear In his income tax
returns. ■ .
About his own afflictions he must never say a
word:-" •
The notion of a doctor's being: ill is so absurd;
And when, perchance, from overwork he's laid
upon tbe shelf" .
His sympathizing patients say, ''Physician, heal
thyself." — London Lancet.
PROTECTION.
New York Press.
Those people who are beseeching Republi
cans to abandon the issue- of protection in the
present campaign in order to attract the bal
lots of free-trade Democrats who favor a gold
basis currency may spare their breath. The
Republican party neither casts aside its prin
ciples in the fear of losing voters nor subscribes
to false doctrines for the purpose of gain
ing votes. The Republican party in its plat
form adopted at the St. Louis convention de
clared for protection for the same reason that
it declared for sound money. In eachxaso the
declaration was one of principle and not for
the voters of any class nor the support of any
body of men does the Republican party repu
diate its principles.
The Republicans of this country will insist
upon their voters deciding the result of the
coining election oo the question of free trade,
Mri h a repudiation of the debts that free trade
brings to every man, or of protection with
work and trnde for everybody, and the pay
ment o( wages, debts aud all obligations in
an honest money that has a full value every
where. These are the living principles of the
Republican party. We stiould have declared
them if there bad been no Democratic party,
no Free Silver party, no Populist party, no
other party under the sun. aud to these prin
ciples we shall adhere as long as good faith
and honor prevail among men. If the Repub
lican party abandoned the principle of protec
tion it would cease to have a reason lor exist
ence. It demanded the restoration of pro
tective duties on the day that tne Wilson law
went into effect. Since the election of Grover
Clevelaud in 1892 the country has indorsed
this Republican demand at every State and
Congress district election.
The people have seen the debt of the Nation
increased by half a billion of dollars under a
free-trade adininistraiion. They have seen
our credit impaired until we are compelled to
send abroad millions of gold monthly to pty
for our purcnases of goods in foreign lands.
They have seen the home market shrink to
insignificance because the waxes that should
have gone to Americans, trade that should
have gone to Americans aud barter that should
have gone to Americans went to foreigners;
because all classes have earned less money
than in year* before.
It was protection that paid off the National
debt without iDterau£iou until a free-trade
administration came to swell it enormously
for the first time since the war. It wrb protec
tion that crowded our mills with workmen,
rilled the shops with customers and supplied
countless buyers for farm products.
It was protection that gave us such an
abundance of evervttiing that we could send
thousands of shiploads of our bounties for sale
all over the world. Then there was no need to
maintain the treasury reserve with forced sup
port. Then we did not drain ourselves of the
standard currency of the world to pay our
obligations abroad, for, instead of sending our
money to foreigners, foreigners seat their
money to us.
Talk, then, of abandoning; protection when
ail this has been changed by free trade, when
lour more years of a policy of bankruptcy and
ruin would mn«n inUerv and shame tenfold
■rreater ilmn tho«e ot the tree trade era! We
say, rather — etnee Dcmocratn who profess to be
our allies appeal to u» to ignore the tariff ques
tion—we say, rather, null the colors of protec
tion as high on the mavt as we can place them!
Nail them there, and then, as lone as they
float, fight for the magnificent, the invincible
principle of protection 1
BRYAN'S KISS OF BETRAYAL.
New York bun.
We called attention yesterday to the appa
rent origin of Mr. Bryan's favorite figure of
speech— that of the crown of thorns. The boy
orator was present in the House of Representa
tives ou January 26, 1894. when his Republi
can associate, Mr. .McCail of Massachusetts,
closed a speecn on protection with an eloquent
peroration containing this passage:
Do you regßrd your bill with reference to laborT
Ready as you have ever been to betray It with a
kits, you ncourge it to tbe very quick, and press a
crown of thorns upon its brow.
This seems to have made a great impression
upon Mr. Bryan's mind. He appropriated the
crown ot thorns and has been pressing It upou
the brow of labor ever since. He waited, how
ever, for eleven months, or until December
12, 1894, before he used Mr. McCail's crown of
tborni in the House of Representatives.
Not so, however, with the kiss of betrayal.
Four days after Mr. McCall's speech of January
2*>, 1894, Mr. Bryan undertook to reply to the
Hun. Bourke Cockran on the subject of the in
come tax, aud he worked in the kiss of be
trayal thus:
Oh, sirs; is It not enough to betray the cause of
the pour— must it be done with a kiss? [ Applause J.
We should say that when the applause
sounded, Mr. McCall was the proper person to
stand up and make the bow.
SCANLAN, THE ACTOR.
It Is Proposed to Pboionq His life bt Rs-
MOVI.NG HIS HBAIK.
Westminster Gazette.
We give the following story, without com
ment, just as it reaches us through Dalziel's
New York correspondent: "A remarkable ex
periment is now beintr made for the purpose of
bringing relief to William Scanlan, a famous
American comedian, who is now in an insane
asylum. A number of doctors who examined
Scanlan decided mat his brain was dead and
gradually decaying, with the result that death
would probably take place shortly, his case
being in this respect unlike the usual course
of paresis and idiocy. Professor Curtis of the
New York College of Physicians has been
making a number of experiments upon the
brains of dogs.
In one case in which he removed the brain of
a dog the animal lived a month; another
which was similarly experimented upon lived
three months, while another is still living,
notwithstanding that its brain was removed
fifteen months ago. It appears to be well so
far as its ordinary bodily health is concerned,
but it is quite devoid oi intelligence. It has
lost the senses of smell and hearing, but it ap
pears to retain that of taste. It is, too, per
fectly able to retain its balance, and when
lying down can recover its feet if it withes to
arise, its temper remains and it resents teas
ing. If the experiments are successful a trial
will, it is proposed, eventually be mcd* to re
move Scanlan's brain, in the belief that he
will thus be assured years of liKe, although
without intellect oi any kind."
A QUESTION OF RAISINS.
When the Wilson bill took $20 a ton off the
duty on raisins whom did In benefit?— Kern
County Echo.
Not the domestic grower, certainly; and if
the consumer got any benefit from it he got
the foreign goods below the cott of production
in this country, which is cheaper than any
American citizen has a moral right to get any
thing. That $20 a ton simply represents a
loss of badly needed revenue and a little
more advantage to the foreigner in retaining
his hold on the market. — Fresno Republican.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Cribbage — A Reader, City. In the game of
cribbage four threes and a six count twenty
points.
No SrcH Flag— P. 8., Santa Cruz, Cal. There
is no flag which is the representative of the
emblems 4 f ail nations.
Daniel Webstek— S., Santa Barbara, Cal.
Daniel Webster was born January 18, 1782,
and died at Marsh tield, Mass., October 24, 1352.
Weight of Metal6— G. 8., City. One cubic
foot of pure gold weighs 1208.5 pounds; of sil
ver, 653.8 pounds; of lead (cast) 7oB.s pounds;
of copper (cast) 537.3 pounds.
California Oaks— c. J. w., Seattle, King
County, Wash. The picture called "California
Oaks," by Jules R. Mersfelder to H. E. Hunt
ington, is not the original painting of that
name. Tbe original was painted by Keith and
the one by Mersfelder is only a copy of it.
The Political Parties— P. P., Santa Crux,
Cal. The theories of the different political
parties are best expressed in the platform of
each. These have been published In full in
the columns of The Call, and if yon will r~ad
them you will be able to talk politics uulrr
standingly.
Bones in the Body— N. N., City. The num
ber of bones in the human body varies at
different periods of life. Many of them are in
two or more pieces in the child; ret, they after
ward grow together, forming but one bone in
the adult. The number of bones usually given
is 209, besides the 32 teeth. Of these SO are
in the head, 54 in tbe trunk, 64 iv the upper
limbs and 00 in the lower limbs.
Black Cockade— G. S., City. The black cock
ade was a badge worn by the American soldiers
during the Revolution, and later by the Fed
eralists during the hostility toward France
occasioned by the X. Y. Z. dispatches in 1797.
Its meaning was the fact that it had been part
of the Continental uniform, and it served as a
contrast to 'he tri-colored cockade of France,
which the Republicans had affected. "Black
Cockade Federalist*" was a term of reproach
applied to the members of the Federal party
in the days of its decline.
Bryan's Age— Dom, City. William Jennings
Bryan, the Democratic candidate for the office
of President, was bornjin Salem, Marion County,
111., March 19, 1860. A man is always M
years of age until be has attained his thirty
jeventh year, that is in the ordinary sense of
declaring that he is so many years old. A man
wishing to give his age at the time he desires
to be registered, for the purpoi-e of enabling
him to vote, if he were born on the Bth of Jan
uary, 1860. would declare his age to be 36
years.
Straits of Magellan— G. C. L., Golden Gate,
Cal. The Straits of Magellan are three miles
long and vary in width lrom three-quarters of
a mile to fifteen miles. On account of the fogs,
precipitous snores, numerous hidden roefcs and
sudden squalls it has come to be avoided by
sailing vessels, which find the circuit of Cat>e
Horn far less perilous. Careful observations
made by the masters of steamers of many na
tions, in passage, have been recorded to an ex
tent that makes it at present comparatively
safe lor steamers. There are no tow boats in
the straits. ________________
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Aren't there a great number of sugar plan
tations iv Cuba?"
"Yea. Sugar plantations to burn."— Life.
"Davie, do you know Mr. Bradley?"
"Is he th' feller that's troubled with in
growing hair?" — Judge.
Tommy— Pop, do soldiers ever sleep on duty?
Tommy's Pop — No, my boy.
Tommy- Then why ao they carry knan
sacks?—Philadelphia Record.
It is all very well to be able to say th«
right thing at the right time; but it is a sood
deal better to be able to rWraln from sario*
the wrong thing at the wrong Ume.-Boston
Transcript.
"One good thing It," laughed yonng Racket,
"1 ye got a cork leg, so I shall never be
drowned!"
"No; but a cork leg won't prevent ycu from
being hanged," growled a bystander. "What
you want is a cast-iron neck.' I—Chips.1 — Chips.
"Do you sell good, honest goods, my man?"
asked the fussy mac.
"Well," said the baker, though tfulty rubbing
flour on the end of his nose, "I have an Idea
that the soda crackers are square, but to tell
you the truth I am almost sore that the pret
zels are crooked."— Indianapolis Journal.
A DAINTY FROCK.
Dresses of fancy wool mixtures for young
girls are very effectively trimmed by plain
cloth of one color. That shown above is of a
material in which numberless colors are mixed
haphazard in weaving, the trimming being of
sage green lady's cloth.
A mixture of bluet and dark green had a
dark green cloth trimming, edged with bluet
spangles.
A plain blue serge was made into a stylish
gown by the use of fancy Bilk for the trim
ming. - •
A dark green rough cloth had a top of printed
velveteen on which greens and pale blues
blended very harmoniously. :
A dainty little frock for dressy wear when
days are cooler was of a mixed goods in a me*,
dium light shade of blue, with the top of vel
vet of the same shade. From the top of th*
velvet collar stood a ruff of blue ribbon to
match, the ribbon being simply gathered, but
of heavy weir so it stood out and did not
hang over the collar. ■ -' :-.-.,; ;\ .;.-■ :
The top of this gown may be ; made separate
to be worn with other gowns, and to allow a
variety. Or the gown may be ■ made perfectly
plain, to be worn with & ribbon belt and collar.
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Townsand's.*
• ■ ■ » ♦ » — —
Ptfcial information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Pros 1
Clipping bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
» » «
Architect (showing plans)— room will
be your library. . ' .
Mr. Porkchopps— My lib'ry? Oh, yes!— of
course ! I must have a place to smoke.— Puck.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Kail
road has been selected as the official root* to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. B. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 3to 5. Th*
excursion will leave Ban' Francisco and Sacra
mento August 26 at 7:p. ic ■ Kates 67 90 for the
round trip. The above rate Is open to all who wish,
to make th* trip East. Bend your name and ad*
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-car reservation*
-- . ♦ » ■—,■■- ■■,:■::■■
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa ft
route— ls the coolest ; and moat comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its . elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through . from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable . hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531. '"'."'
; ., ■ — — -—♦ »■ » . ' — ■ -
"Mrs. Wins low's Soothing Byraj»" -
Has been Bed over 50 years by millions of mot bur i .
for their children while" Teething with perfect «u>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay 1
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tha Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. o For sale jby Drag
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and ais
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. !iso » uoMa.
• — ■+■ — •— .
Cobo^ado.— Atmosphere . is perfectly dry. toft
•nd mild, : being entirely free from tha mists com*
mon further north..' Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at tit* Hotel i»i
Coronado, $30: longer slay $2 50 per day. ApjKf
«:\ew Montgomery st., Kan Francisco. . -\
. ■ » ♦ — * .•
■ Hundreds have testified to the curative prop
erties of Ay er's Cherry Pectoral in colds, coughs
and other throat and lung troubles. ' * ■ '
• . ■ — — • —
Clara— He says I sing more beautifully
than any girl he known. What do too. think
of that?
Maud— l think he should extend hit - ac
quaintance.—London Tit-Bits. • '-■■S-i.'f;
HEW todat:
TBIG COT
Fruit Jars
45c PER DOZ. PINTS /
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
,30c PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
OUT PRICES , .
Crockery, Cliinaware and Glassware.
Come and Get Posted.
Great American ImportiES Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. ;; 146 Ninth st.
3510 Misstep si. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore tt.
617 Kesrny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. : . 3006 Sixteenth ft.
s>i Montf ornery avc. 104 Second st. '
i 33 Hay*» st . - • 3259 Minion st.
■ S3 Market St. (Headquarters) , S. F.
1053 Washingtoß it. 616 E. Twelfth st.
lii San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
135S Park St.. AUmeda. ?r
"Cheap" furniture
hasn't a ghost of a chance
against"Bed Letter Days."
Good furniture, quick
prices. And we'll send for
it if you don't like it.
California Fvbniture Company
(N. P. COLE<fc.CO.)
U7 Geary Street.
Chamber of Commerce of San* Francisco.
SPECIAL NOTICE. V
"The members of the ''chamber and the citizens of
San Francisco are respectfully Invited to attend a
public meeting 10 be held at tbe ball of the Cham-
ber," Merchants* Kxcnange Building. TO-DAY,
FRIDAY, July 51. at 3 o'clock P. ta.., to meet
COLON K L GEORGE W. BKLL. U. 8. Consul at
Sydney, X. ft \\\, who will address them on "The
Commerce :of i the ; Pacific. 1 ! .The Important : and
Interesting subject will be ably presented, and we
request, our citizens to prove their Interest by a
prompt and Urge attendance.*: The departure of
Colonel Beit prevents the service of personal . no
tices to our members. " -.-.,-- .
:- • : -ZH'*..- HUGH CRAIG, President. .
'* W. I* Mkbbt, Secretary.FRIDAY.... '.., JULY 31. 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAtD^vrs Thf.atkr.— "Bohemia."
TALiroKxiA THKATEK.-"Merchant of Venice."
Columbia Thkatkb— "The'Highest Bidder."
> obobco's cn.a*-lioußK— -Mr. Barnes of New
"York.
Tivoli Or*RA-Hous*.— "Carmen."
CBPHKrie— Hiph-Clans Vnudevtlln.
PrTHo Baths— Bathing and performances.
t-HooT thk Chutes— Daily at Haight street,
one block cast of the I'ark.
PICNICS AND ' EXCURSIONS.
ExcTTßßioy— To Saata Cruz. Sunday. August 2.
c AUCTION SALES.
By Chas. I.kvv & Co-Thin dar (Friday), Res
taurant, at 867 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The forecast for to-day ii "fair weather" and
the teat is to continue.
The registration yesterday was 1599, making
a total to date of 52,6*00.
Henry Paine and Stephen Casenelli battled
legally over a dog in Justice Barry's court yes
terday.
A little girl living on Valley street was in
jured yesterday by failing from an Improvised
trolley.
A number of changes were made by the Elec
tion Commissioners yesterday in precinct
officers.
\V. H. Alford, chairman of the. Democratic
• "State Central Committee, favors fusion with
the Populists.
..*.;" Judge Coffey yesterday rendered a decision
'•". describing what constitutes a legal gift is
view oi death.
The regulkr quarterly meeting of the Ger
man Benevolent Society was held last evening
at .Druids' Hall.
-. ' „ The Daughters of Bt. George entertained the
sons of the same order last evening at the
St. George Club.
•"• a subpena has been issued for a well-known
corporation man to appear as a witness before
the Grand Jury to-day.
<:. E. Hawkes was elected as president pf San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21 at the
. ° flection on Wednesday.
Herbert Eastwood, the Ocean View dairyman
._- -accused of ill-treating his horses, lays the
blame upon the poorly paved streets.
'„• During the second day's "sweatshop" inves
. • °tiga 3 tion Tailor Buchniau was near arrest and
his girls ran away to escape being questioned.
•\\ The action of the Board of Supervisors in re
•* 'fjerrine municipal appropriations to a com
.. ■ mitue of the whole was rescinded yesterday.
*.'• At 3 p. m. to-day the office of Collector Wei
. burn will be closed to special taxpayers. Thtre
were 1100 delinquents up to noou yesterday.
'..'' : William Wyman, a collector for the Bell
. ■:. Telephone Company, committed suicide yes
• terday by sending a bullet through his brain.
'■ v •• The Olympic €lub has completed all prepara
tions for the boxing exhibition of this even
ing.. Champion Corbett will referee the con
■ ." -tests."
•••' ■ ° All of tne space In the Mechanics' Pavilion
has been taken by exhibitors, who propose to
make the exposition the finest ever tiela in the
Wt-su
■• .: . The Southern Pacific will take a friendly
. ..' .'stand toward the inducing of the new
•'•' 'Japanese steamship line to come to Sao Fran
cisco. ,
•' ••• '"Otto Dobbertin, the sculptor, has finished
• the composition of a half-life-sized work of
. .• '•preat artistic beauty called the "Kiss of
Death." °
'■'' ' Postmaster McCoppin has been notified that
• :# -in mfure no mail matter of the fourth-class in
~. "excess 'of four pounds will be received for
%•'. transportation.
»"• ° . The Grand Jury will meet this afternoon. It
la expect d that important testimony concern
„ ° ing the corrupt conduct of certain Supervisors
will be submitted?
Theophtles Brodowski's charges of cruelty
; against Dr. W. F. McAllister of the Veterans'
Home at Yountyille have been found to be
without foundation.
I The preliminary examination of Private
James Kelly for murder was continued before
o ° Judge Co.-ilan yesterday and very damaging
.' testimony was given.
° „ ; Arcn bishop Redwood of New Zealand arrived
-="ou the Monowai yes.erday from Auckland on
„" I ' -his way to Rome, and is* staying with Arch
■ bishop Riordan of this City.
-.' Some boyslasj night set a dog upon Ah Jim.
•'".-■ a'Chinest- living ai 219 O'Farrell screet, and
■'•_ _-the t dog bit him on the left leg. The wound
..'•■" -was dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
■ Judge Hebbard yesterday rendered a decision
. in ravor oi the plaintiff in the suit brought by
the- stockholders 6f the American Pipe and
Pile Armor Company to oust the directors. ■
'. •■■••■.. Gebsge Cavill, the champion swimmer of
'• -. : Australia, arrived here on the Monowai yes
terday.. He carries with him twenty-one med
als as the result of his prowess in the water. ■
'• ;.'. -Julian Sonntag, president of the Manufac
turers' anti Producers' Association, says the
tra'dfe murk adopted'by that body will prove a
potent factor in protecting Ca ornian indus
tries: ."„. *• •*
The British ship Cedarbank, lying at How
ard-street wharf No. 1, was on tire yesterday.
Tlie flames broke out among .-.ome crates of
bottle> in 'the forehold. The damage amounts
to.*Ht.OOO. - .'
Many additional improvement clubs have
decided to send delegates to the Merchants'
Association's charter convention, which will
be held on the evening of August 12 at 26
O'Farrell street. „
: "Charles O. £wanberg, wanted here on a
: ■•-c.barge.of perjury, was arrested in Chicago
■.•yesu-rday, and this morning Detective Ross
whitaker v. ill ieuve with the necessary papers
■ .for his extradition.
Uncle" George T. Bromley, the venerable
I'ohemian who was te.ken dangerously ill at
Belvedere, was welcome* back at his club
: yesterduy. Li Hung Cnang and Heury Irving
- . 'were notified of his sickness.
- = This" country gets only 6 per cent of the
';. enormons Australian trade and it should get
.'•',4o per cent, says United States Cpnsul Bell of
-ydney, « ho w ,11 address the Chamber of Com
. . merce this afternoon on the subject.
Stephen Roberts signed his deposition and
' • Margaret .Craven took the transcripfeof hers
" home with her to read yesterday. The case
". is faxed for. tr,al— the early suit :o break
"'the trust— next Monday in Judge Sleck's Court.
' . A. J. Collins, an ex-employe of the Southern
Pacific, while attempting to relate his griev
ance yesterday to H. E. Huntlngton in front of
the Union* Trust Company, was seized by the
throat by ex-Deput,y United States Marshal
■•°« Dave Nagle, who was with Huntington.
John Barton. Larkin and Union, street*, a
broiher of the head janitor at the City Hall,
was scuffling last c night in a ealoon at Hyde
. and Union streets and fell over a spittoon,
obreaking bis right leg near the ankle, which
was attended to at the Receiving Hospital.
'I Further investigations show the widespread
'.. ruin wrought by the Bryan-Wilson policy of
free trade. It is shown that free trade 'has
"destroyed the sheep-raising and wool-growing
. industries of the country, that factories have
0° closed and workmen have been thrown out
of emp'oyaient.
This mornins the Webster Primary School
°wil! be visited and inspected by the Grand
.lury. At a special session of the Board of Edu
cation ;his Kfturnoon ai. atiemut will be made
to Btx>li>-h the school and transfer the teachers.
A lively contest is anticipated, and the key to
tiie situa ion is supposed to be hejd by Director
Thomas R. Knox.
YEW TO-DAr.
Uluure
FOR
PIMPLES
18
It te so because it strikes at the cav*e oi
the dogged. Irritated, Injtamed. SluggUh, Ot
Otf.rwork.ed POKE.
Sold throughout the world. PorMR DBCG AXD Chim-
ICal Coki-ohatjox. Sole Pr<*pri»tor», !»o«ton.
«■ " How to frcrent Pimple*," 64 p»««, iUu»., free.
SHE IMPROVES
WITH OLD AGE.
The Steamer Monowai
Makes a Run on Sched
ule Time.
CAPTAIN CARET HAPEY
Says He Has Discovered a New
Course and Will Follow
It in Future.
A HEAVY STORM ENCOUNTERED
It Confined Parser Bendall to His
Room for Nearly Twelve
Hoars.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Monawai redeemed Herself yesterday.
Since she has been on the run between
Sydney, N. 8. W., and San Francisco the
Ihc Meamer Monowai Was Caught in a. Gale Between Sydney and Auckland, and Purser Bendell
Was Confined to HLs Room for Twenty-four Hpurs on Account of the Waves That
Broke Aboard. Nevertheless She Made the Run on Schedule Time, and Captain
Carey and Chief Engineer McKaig Are Jubilant.
general result has been — twenty-four hours
late. On this occasiop, however, the
standard time, so religiously maintained
by the Alameda and Mariposa, was nearly
equaled, and Captain Carey and Chief En
gineer McKaig assert thatthey could have
broken the record had it not been for a
heavy northwest gale which the vessel
encountered between Sydney and Auck
land. „ ' $
The ludicrous portion of that trip was
the fact that Purser Bendail was confined
to his room for twelve hours and nad not
a morsel to eat. owing to the fact that the
heavy weather kept the port hurricane- I
deck constantly under water. "Kendall
still weighs 220 pounds, however.
Among the many Australian skippers
who come to San Francisco Captain M.
Carey easily ranks as one of the most j
popular. He was born in Killarney, but
in 1835 he was sailinz out of New Bedford
in a whaler. He did not like the life, and
when the vessel put in at the Bay of j
Islands for water he managed to miss her j
when she acain put to sea. He then tried i
farm in<r, but could not make a success of !
it, and in 1859 he was third officer of one of |
the Intercolonial Royal Mail Company's !
steamers. A year latrr he hoi>ted the j
Union Steamssip Company's ring on the
steamer Wellington, and has stayed with i
that concern uutil it is now the biggest
arid most powerful corporation in the
southern seas.
Tint is one of the last trips the Monowai
will make to San Franci.-co. Chief En
gineer McKaig can g*>t more out of her en
gines than any man living, Dut, owing to
her poor model, no speed, except under
the most favorable circumstances, can be
got out of her. The company expects to j
put a new vessel on the line about the end J
of the year and if she cannot average I
seventeen knots an hour on a twenty-one
days' run she will not be accepted. She
will be 4500 tons burden and will, there
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
fore, be one of the largest vessels coming
to this Dort.
"The Union Steamship Company is
branching out," said Chief Engineer Mc-
Kaig yesterday. "It has bought a cargo
boat and has a new one on the stocks. A
twenty-knot boat is being built to run be
tween Onehemga and Wellington, to carry
our mails, and another fast boat is being
constructed to run between Auckland and
Sydney. Then there is the eighteen-knot
boat for the San Francisco trade, so, you
see, the concern is holding its own. The
Monowai is a splendid ship, but, unfor
tunately (with a sigh), we can't make time
with her."
Chief McKaig has been in the employ of
the company for a great many years.
When in latitude 11 51 south, longitude
170 50 west, the Monowai spoke the British
ship Monalta. The latter left here for Mel
bourne on June 7 with a load of lumber,
doors, iron, steel, nails, whale oil and gen
eral merchandise. She signaled her num
ber and then hoisted the flags C. Q. V. 8.
On reference to the register these letters
read: "Ship (or vessel indicated) is very
cranky." The Morialta was loaded here by
J. J. Moore <fe Co., and was considered safe
and sound when she left port. The chief
officer of the Monowai thinks there was a
mistake made in the signalling and that
the first flag should have been a red instead
of a white one.
Frank Burton, "the hustler", who is
makinc his way round the world on what
be can earn, is having a hard time of it in
Sydney. The newspaper boys here got
him a passage to Australia, but there was
no stlad hand for him in the colonies. He
attempted to get away to China on the
steamer Tai Yuan, but was put ashore and
had to await anot her chance. .Unless for
tune favors him he has no chance of get
ting back to Chicago on schedule time.
The cabin passengers by the Monowai J
were:
From Sydney— Colonel G. W. Hell, Dr. K.
Vogelsang, Rev. Charles Furniv&l, Professor
P. K. Kennedy and wife, Mrs. Mower-Firth and ]
infa o nt, M. 8. Greenshields, W. H. Johnson, W. '
M. Johnson, A. B. Blmslie, John Finlay, Wil
liam Clark Muir, Samuel J. Black, H. M. Tal
bott, £. Lapthorne.
From Auckland— A. P. Dryden, J. Baker, W.
L. Newman and wife. Miss Mant, Miss Edl
ridge. R. L. Moss- Davis and wife, the Misses
M<.<=s-Dnvis, Archbishop F. Redwood, S. Petti
grew, Lawrence Webster, Percy F. Plerson Dr
| C. H. Haines and wife. Miss Edith Isaacs, J. r! |
| Richardson, F. G. Andrews, J. Bowker and
wife, T. O. Jones, L. A. Macpherson. Arthur
. Hoby, Percy T. Marks and valet, Mr. Coppen
| rath.
From Apia— Captain C. A. Cowans, Bishoo
j Broyer.
From Uonolulu-S. G. Wilder and wife, A. 8.
Haruvell, the Misses Hartwell, Master HarN
wt 11. Jud^e A. Perry, Dr. George H. Huddy Mrs.
\V ker Hill and daughter, W. L. Hinchman,
Mrs. 11. 6 Pratt, G. Waller and wife, Mr. \gas
siz. Mrs. Churles Williams, Mrs. R. A. Toures
F. M. Hersted, Miss E. Peters, Mrs. E. Dunn'
Alfred Dunn, Mrs. P. Hughes and daughter!
Miss Isabel Toan, Mrs. J. Spencer and child,
John Rice and two daughters, Mrs. L. w'
Quinby, A. Fisher Jr.. O. S. Williams, T. h!
Petrie, wife and daughter, R. H. Whiting, Mrs'
L. Banning and daughter, Miss L. Nylus, Miss
Holligan, Mrs. Lyle and child, G. H. Bergstrom
D. Gorwea, wife and two children, Antonio V.
Teixeira. wife ana live children.
Newnboys as Pleaders.
Henry Lefkovitch, a newsboy, appeared be
fore Judge Low yetttrday to answer a charge
of violating the transfer ordinance. About
twelve other new? boys waited upon Attorney
Kelly, who represents the Market-street Cable
Railway Company, and promised if Lefkovitch
wasjnot punished they would not attempt to sell
any more trr.n'fer tickets. Thcr accompanied
Kelly into court and repeated the promise to
the Judge. Lefkovitch pleaded guilty and
the Judge releßsed him for thirty days on his
own recognizance.
Hoitt'b Sch>ol loj Bo>h, Burliugame. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira G. Uoitt, I'h.D., Matter* '
WORDEN HAS
ACTIVE FRIENDS,
Another Determined Effort
to Be Made to Save
His Life.
WILL ASK A REHEARING
Harry Knox the Moving Spirit
in the Cause of the Doomed
Man.
SERIOUS CHARGES IMPLIED.
The Convicted Man's Defense Said to
Have Been Virtually
Neglected.
8. D. Worden's life is not to be a forfeit
to the law without one more determined
effort on the part of his friends to save him
from the gallows. Already a movement is
on foot to secure hi-m a rehearing before the
Supreme Court with the ultimate object of
obtaining a new trial.
No one has taken a closer interest in the
whole matter than Harry Knox, who was
the president of the Sacramento Lodge of
the American Railway Union during the
big strike of 1894, and of which lodge Wor
den was a member at the time of the
wrecking of the train on which Engineer
Clark lost his life. He says be now feels
it a duty to Worden and to the order of
which he is still a member, to eventually
prove the innocence of Worden.
When seen at his home at 223 Ninth
avenue yesterday he spoke most feelingly
of the situation of the condemned man.
"While Worden was being tried at
Woodland," he said, "1 knew he was not
ably defended. He had a very poor attor
ney, one who, he told me, Carroll Cook,
one of bis prosecutors, had picked out for
him, after General Hart had withdrawn
from his case.
"To my personal knowledge the South
ern Pacific detectives furnished him
whisky all the time during the prelimin
ary examination and while he was in jail,
and thus virtually made a mad man of
him, for he was insane much of that
time.
"I believe that if the proper steps are
taken be can get a rehearing, and I am
sure he will be acquitted on a new trial, as
he was convicted more on the way he acted
during the trial at Woodland than on the
evidence against him. His abusive treat
ment of the Judge and hia whole peculiar
actious were due to the whisky supplied
hiic by the Southern Pacific detectives.
"I know'that young Sherburne's testi
mony was false, so far as he says that they
didn't net back to Sacramento tiil3o'c!ock,
as Worden was in the mediation commit
tee's room asleep on the bed about 1 :20 or
1:30 that afternoon, and I know it wouLl
be impossible for them to drive the dis-
tance and get back to Sacramento, as
yonnpr Sberbnrne says they did.
"I have been to see Attorney Monteith
in reference to trying to get a rehearing
before the Supreme Court, and it is my be
lief that if the facts are presented as they
should be the Supreme Court will grant a
rehearing. I feel confident that if we can
get a new trial Worden will be acquitted
simply by being properly defended, as the
others who were tried for the same offense
were acquitted on the same evidence that
resulted in the conviction of Worden.
Hatch and Appleman were acquitted be
cause they were defended in an able man
ner and \Vorden was not. In that cases of
these two men the fact? concerning their
alibis were brought out and everything
done that was possible to do to make a
fair defense. In Worden's case it was the
opposite.
"I had a good deal of valuable evidence
that 1 conveyed to his attorney, but the
latter refused "to use it.
"No effort will be spared to save Wor
den's life," concluded Kuox, with a deter
mined shake of the head.
Attorney George W. Monteith confirmed
the statements and charges made by Kuox
in a most emphatic manner.
"In regard to the decision of the Su
preme Court," he began, "I cannot give
an intelligent opinion upon i*. until I have
read the whole decision, but from what I
can gather from the newspapers the case
turns more upon the failure ot the defense
to take exception to certain evidence,
which, of course, amounts to nothing.
"I had occasion a few weeks ago to ex
amine the records in the case hastily on
the bnefs, and ii seemed to me as though
the case was not half presented. The Su
preme Court pimply acts upon what is pre
sented to it, and if counrel fai'a to prop
erly present the case they should not
blame the Supreme Court if they do not
succeed.
"From what I have seen I am satisfied
thai ll a prtfper application la made the
Supreme Court will grant a rehearinc. I
would have aup^arcd as amicus cunae and
presented a proposition that seemed to me
suflic.ent to secure a reversal, but when I
looked at the record it was too late to do
anything, as the case had been submitted.
"I have been requested to appear foa a
rehearing in the case and have tnat matter
now under consideration at the present
time. If tnere is any way to secure it it
will be secured.
"Aside from the case as it stands in the
Supreme Court, I am perfectly satisfied
personally tbat Worden is an* innocent
man. Ido not believe that he had any
thing to do with the wreckiag of that
train. We went all over the evidence in
the strikers' case, and I nave heard the
statements of witnesses under oath. In
deed, we developed some facts in that case,
in truth, a great many, that were not
brought out at all in the Worden trial.
"I have no hesitation in saying that I
do not believe that he received the fifth
part of a defense. The prosecution was
represented by a halt dozen able attorneys,
supplemented by a horde of Southern Pa
cific detectives and actively assisted by a
lot of Southern Pacific perjurers.
"In the Worden case one of the impor
tant facts was omitted from the evidence.
It would undoubtedly have made a vast
difference in the case. In the strikers'
case I elicited from the boy Sherburne the
startling admission that after the trip he
claimed to have made with Warden from
Sacramento to Woodland and return he
took another trip over exactly the same
ground with two Southern Pacific detect
ives. According to his story, told in
Woodland, they started at about 10 o'clock
in the forenoon with five or six men in
the wagon, drove to the trestle, did
the work and then drove almost to Wood
land a.nd back to Sacramento, arriving in
Sacramento about 3 o'clock. He then
stated on cross-examinaflon that he Took
that same tired team that had traveled
forty-four miles, and in company with
two Southern Pacific detectives that same
afternoon retraced the same trip. The
proposition was manifestly absurd, but
was important because it located the time
and circumstances under which the boy's
story could have been arranged.
'"Then, in the next place, the case
against Worden depended upon the rail
road's ability to prove that dynamite was
used to wreck the bridge. In the strikers'
case this theory was utterly destroyed.
The bent of the trest'e that was wrecked
simply showed cracks in the timbers run
ning their full length, caused undoubtedly
by the fa'l of the train upon them and tne
presence of the iron pins which acted as
wedges.
"Had dynamite been used the timbers
would not have been cracked but shat
tered.
"The alibi of Worden was proved by
three or lour credible witnesses. Besides
all this we have the written confession of
the man who did the work, substantiated
and corroborated.
"Had all these matters been shown in
the defense of Worden as they were shown
in the strikers' case he would have been
promptly acquitted. But it must be borne
in mind that these facts were not before
the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court
passes simply upon questions of law that
were the subject of aprjeal.
"I repeat that I firmly believe the man
to be innocent, and tbat he is deserving of
a strong effort in his behalf to save his lite.
We are trying to arrange now to see if
something cannot be done to help him."
RESCINDED THEIR ACTION
Supervisors Make Amends to
the Members of the Finance
Committee.
Municipal Appropriations Will Not
Be Consideied Except in the
Regular Way.
The majority in the Board of super
visors took the back track yesterday on
the question of fixing the municipal ap
propriation for the coming fiscal year and
made amends for the insult offered the
Finance Committee on Monday last.
At the request of a number of the mem
bers the Mayor called a special meeting
and eight representatives of the various
wards showed up when Mr. Sutro rapped
for order. The absentees were Messrs.
King, Uimond, Taylor and Hobbs.
When the meeting had been called
together Supervisor Hughes, who was not
present when Supervisor Wagner's insult
to the Finance Committee was indorsed
by a majority of the members, arose and
explained the reason for the meeting. He
stated that the previous action of the
board had evidently been taken under a
misapprehension, and that it was a
palpable insult to the Finance Committee
that should be apologized for and reme
died at the earliest opportunity.
He said that in former years resolutions
bad been passed calling meetings of the
committee of the whole to meet with the
Finance Committee to fix the appropri
ations, but that no effort had been made
to usurp the functions of the Finance Com
mittee, tne idea being to allow the vnrious
Supervisors to train an idea of the appro
priations so that they could act intelli
gently when ibe Finance Committee,
wuich had worked up. all of the necessary
fipures, reported.
In the present case the reading of the
resolution had been altogether mislead
ing and probably not what its author
really intended. He moved that the reso
lution be rescinded. When the matter
was put to a vote there were no dissenting
voices, and the matter stands as though
the committee of the whole had never been
called.
EXHIBITION AND BALL.
Mission Tarn Verein to (live an Enter
tainment Sunday.
The members of the Mission Tarn
Verein are making active prepar
ation for their exhibition and ball,
which take place Sunday, August 2, at
Turn Verein Hall, on Eighteenth etreet,
between Valencia and Guerrero. The fol
lowing programme will be rendered:
Overture. "Hurrah for Santa Cruz," G. yon
der Mehden; wand exercises, prize class. Mis
sion Turn Verein; "S-senger Marsch," singing
section Mission Turn Verein; horizontal-bar
exercises, active turners, Mission Turn Verein;
"Schweizer Heimweh," quartette — H. Graber,
H. O. Deuss, C. Streckfuss and H. Gerken;
cornet duet, Charles Welch and E. Woßnne;
ring performance, A. Noeihig and A. Barth.
Professor E. Dietz will leading the sing
ing section and Professor A. Bruse will
have charge of the gymnastics.
The following turners will! taKe part in
the turnfest to be held at Santa Cruz:
First-class— A. F. -Noethic, F. Long, F.
Ast, H. Steinbroch, E. Krenz, H. Opper
mnn, W. Garms ami W. Messertb.
Second-class— J. Plato, J. Vermehren.W.
Barth, R. Mohl, T. Steen, F. Strueven,
Alten Klarse (old men's class), E. Nickel,
A. Schupert and F. H.iuser.
Notice of Opening;.
Santa Clara College will reopen its classes
at 12 M, on August 4.
Joseph W. Riordan, 8. J.
McKinley in Bronze.
Colonel Frank W. Sumner is in receipt of a
handsome bronze bust of Major William
McKinley in bas-relief. It is a somewhat ex
pensive incident of the campaign as it has
developed in the East. The bronze came as a
present from Clarence M. Smith, a friend of
the major's, who is in the East on business.
Review of Troops.
The monthly muster and review of troops
stationed at the Presidio will take place to
day, beginning at 9 o'ciock. Two light bat
teries have returned after two months' camp
ing in the country.
When Baby was sick, we ga-e her Castoria,
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she bad Children, she gave them Castorta.
ITS ASSESSMENT
MAY BE RAISED
The South of the Park
District Is Under
Fire.
EQUALIZERS DISAGREE.
The State Board Objects to the
Reduction of Thirty Per
- Cent
SIEEE STANDS TO HIS GUNS.
Changes In Valuations Declared to Be
Legal, and Broderick Has Not
Y-t Decided.
There is a prospect that the property
owners in the district south of the park
will be disappointed regarding the 30 per
cent horizontal reduction made in the
valuation of their holdings by the County
Board of Equalization.
While tLe ooard was in session about
150 protests were received, stating that
the Assessor had placed the valuations
altogether too high and asking the board
to reduce them.
Deputy Assessor Herzer appeared before
the board and stated that the Assessor had
discovered that he had made a mistake in
the valuation and that he would be per
fectly willing, in fact requested a reduc
tion of 30 per cent.
The property involved carries a valua
tion of nearly $500,000, so that the reduc
tion cuts quite a figure in the City's
revenue.
Auditor Broderick received the follow
ing communication regarding the reduc
tion from the State Board of Equalization
yesterday:
Han. William Broderick, Auditor, San Fran
cisco, Cal.— Deab° Sir: The State Board of
Equalization respectiully calls your attention
to a recent action of the Board of Supervisors,
acting as a Board of Equalization tor the City
and county of 6an Francisco, in whica they
made a horizontal reduction of value of prop
erty In a certain district, and which they con
sider an illegal act 01 saia board uuder sections
3674 and 3075 of the Political Code.
The Supreme Court of this State nas decided,
aud we quote 01 Caliiomia, page 54, and 44
California, page 016, that the Auditor is to
disregard any illegal action of the county
board, and if you feel satisfied as to the ille
gality of sucn action it is the opinion of this
board that it is your duty 10 disregard said
changes on the assessment books. You might
consult with your City and County Attorney
in regard to the matter. Respectfully yours,
CHARLES M. COGLAN,
Clerk State Board of Equalization.
Owing to the strain of the work of the
Election Commission Mr. Broderick has
not yet been able to look into the matter
but will give it his attention at an early
date.
The Assessor's office will fight any
change in south of the park assessments.
Deputy Herzer said yesterday that the
reduction asked by Mr. Siebe'had only
been requested after careful investigation
and that the Assessor had acted clearly
within his legal right in askiug the re
duction.
Tue fact ihat 150 property-owners had
asked for an equalization made the con
sideration of the matter legal and gave
the board the right to equalize the entire
district.
Graduate* in Navigation.}
TheChamberof Commerce examining board,
composed of Captains Wilson and Merry,
passed upon the following named yesterday
and granted them certificates in seamanship
ami navigation: C. F. Scnroeder, lor master;
Rudoli L Sanjjberg, master; Klling Hansen,
first mate. The inspector of steamboats also
examined and granted a mate's certificate to
Ciiarlcs O. Fraiityon. C. F. Schroeder, who
NEW ; TO-DAY.
The reason your tea isn't
good is : you get the wrong
tea and you make it wrong.
Boiling makes all tea
rough and harsh.
. The right way is :
bring your water to a boil ; ;
take it off the stove ; put
in your tea ; let it stand
six or eight minutes — no
longer — then pour it out.
: If Japan tea is your usual
tea, there is only one tea
for — Schillings Best.
If your tea is Oolong, or
Ceylon, or English Break-
fast, Schilling Best is
probably the tea for you,
though its only superiority
to other good Oolong,
Ceylon, and English
Breakfast, is in freshness
and crispness of flavor,
think of it. ,
A Schilling & Company ,
San Francisco , 344 "
45 SHOT WEIL STJRAI FOURTEESTH
MODERN HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND BATH, IN
first-class order, with stable; suitable for Phy-
sician. - Apply to (i. H. UilB^EN & CO., - ,
: 14 Montgomery street.
NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA CRUZ SsZ
Personally conducted by. \VM. H. MENTON.
: Excursion Passenger Agent.
SUNDAY, AUGUSt 2, 1896. ;
NO CROWDING! SEATS FOR ALL!
dfeo thk di£*z>
~1l M*■ ' ROUND 31/^
"■ ■ ■ "■. ■.«.."■; TRIP > . ' ' II -■ " ' 'f-l
Take the 7:46 'a. : < m. boat ftbm ferry landing
(narrow gauge), fan Francisco. . foot '. of Market
street. : For further information" apply at' Grand
Hotel Ticket Office. inftitw»«tT'glM
RICHARD GRAY, : T. H. GOODMAN,
, ■ : G. T. M. .G. P. A. •
■_ • '_^HTE'w"Tb'bAT:'-' "• ■
I Poor I
iPHgaruc; •/|.
j| there is no need for you &
ja to contemplate a wig j| s
I when you can enjoy the j|
m pleasure of sitting again $1
(sj under your own ' 'thatch. ■g .
|j You can begin to get f|
ft) your hair back as soon |j
'■ ftjj 'as f you begin to use . i^i •
,|: Ayer's I
i Hair Vigor. 1
passed rx?fore the inspector of steamers, was
the last man examined by the late inspector oi
hulls, Captain Talbot. The tour successful
candidates were graduates of Taylor's Naviga
tion School, from which twenty-six pupils havQ
graduated since January 1, 1896.
Sutro Railroad Meeting.
The annual meeting of the stockholders ot
the Sulro Railroad Company -was held at
the office of the company yesterday, at 3
p. m. The reports of the president and super
intendent were encouraging, and represent
the road in a flourishing condition. The fol
lowing were elected as board of directors:
Adolph Sutro, O. F. yon Rhein, Joseph Moore,
James F. Smith, W. R. v. Aaamson. The board
afterward elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Adolph Sutro; vice-piesident, O. F. yon
Rhein: secretary, Theodore Knvuss ; treasurer,
the American Bank and Trust Company; su«
perintendent, E. M. Vtfn Frank. The retiring
secretary, W. C. Little, who declined re-election
on account of press of work in other business,
has won golden opinions on account of hit
attention and careful work.
Sues for a Coal Bill.
The Black Diamond Coal Company began
suit in the United States District Court yester
day against the owners of the schooner Mount
Eden lor $723, alleged to be due on coal
furnished.
MEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO. THEATERS.
fe THE 111 I CBmK
BALDWIN FROHMAN'S
EMPIRE THEATER CO.,
, From the Empire Theater, New York,
LAST 8 NIGHTS-MAT. SATURDAY.
Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
"BOHEMIA"
As Presented for Over 100 Nights at the
; Empire Theater.
EXTRfA.^ '^Hjjjam--/-.'-. ,:
NEXT WBFK, -A.TJGK 3d,
- 2d Weak of the Empire Company
and First Time Here
' Of the Beautiful Comedy-Drama,
"THE BENEFIT OF 1 THE]
:V> DOUBT"
Presented by a TJnitormly Htronc Cast and Com*
plete Scenic Accessories.
Seats for Next Week Now Ready.
Third Monday, August 10,
"THE MASQUERADERS."
, A. AT THE § . LAST NIGHTS I
vMLIrORriIA Matinee Saturday.
"fAREWJSLL SUNDAY NIGHT.
L. K. Rockwell's Company of Players
& cd K . WARDE —88 COGHLU
An Elaborate Scenic Production— THE
"MERCHANT OF VENICE!'
Mr. Warde as Shylock . Miss Coghlan as Portia
NEXT MONDAY, AUG. 3,
THE SINGING COMEDIAN,
AUNCEY OLCOTT
In the Beautiful Irish Idyl,
"nMC-A.TT'OXTHIia'JBE:!^""'
SEATS NOW SELLING. *■
THiCOLAfIQtPX-OTTLOD« o>- itsicsAiprwiAttua---
STILL I IN DROVES
THEY COME | ' NIGHTIiY
—To See the Only Perfect Performance by—,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
' ——OF ~.^'[
THE HIGHEST BIDDER — -
Next Monday— GOLD MINE" and First Ap-
pearance of WILTON LACKAYE and LOUISE
THORXDYKE-BOUCICAULT. . . ■•■.<■;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mit>.tß.vii3ii.\K ivBKLiN-o, Proprietor .\laua£&; I
Season of Italian" and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hixrichs.
: "—— THIS - EVENING
And Sunday Evening, , '
"o.a.pljm:eit '."
TO-MORROW EVENING—— •
"FAXJST ! "
■ Great Casts !
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery!
Next Week — Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
. Friday and Sunday Evenings—
-"PAGI.IACCI.V — — - •'
Wednesday and Saturday— "FAUST."
Ponii'i- Prices— 2sc and 503.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater la Amarloa. '
WALTEB MOKOSCO. Sole Lessee and Man*2«s
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Limited Star Engagement of the Romantic Actor,
— JAMES M. BBOPHY-
■ •': "Our California Boy," -:■."■' -
. In the Title Hole of Gumer's Great Drama,
"MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK I"
The Attraction of the Season.
Evening Prices— 2sc and 500.
Family I lrcl>- and Gallery, 10c.
Usual vatinees Saturday and Sunday.
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
— SEE THE NEW. SENSATION
H» RR TECHOW
And His Marvelous Performing Cats.
••, . LYDIA YEAMANS-TITU.S,
Assisted by.FKED J. TITUS.
, k BIONDI in New sketches.
Only Two Nights More of THE MASONS. - ~
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; opera Chairs
and Box Seats. 60c : ' . .
THE CHUTES,
O-A.SI3STO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EV fRY AFTKRNOOX AND EVENING.
Take Advantage of the Weekdays and See
"JOE !"
The j Only Llvine: Exponent 'of . the ' Darwinian
■-■•-■ ■.:> Theory in America. ■
— — A Wonderful Bill of Novelties
And Positively Las; Week of ■•- ■-"-:-
THE MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
Special! Saturday— Night.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, • including . Merry-Go- Kound, ; 5 cents. ■.
Ofr " l' : -Oty^ ' : JV' : ' ' AND.'
<?.. **" ■"; Grounds
Open Daily from 7 a. k.. Until 11 p. m. '
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening,
General Admission— Adults 10c Children 5c
78
"McKIHLEY WILL
WIN HANDS DOWN,"
Such oat Least Is the Pre
. • diction of Major Z. K.
Pangborn.
POOR OPINION OF BRYAN
3 o ' V.I
Says the Sil verity and His Fol
lowers Have Betrayed
o c the Party. .
° EEPUBLICAN PA^TY FOUNDER
0:e I '
An Observing Man's Opinion *of the
Future of the Hawaiian
Is) an^s.
f l " 0 . 9
• ° One of the founders of the Republican
•:'/ party, and there are nqt more than thirty
living to-day, is in the" City, the guest of
Inspector Irwin of the Postoffioe Depart
.. ment. Major Z. K. Piingborn, proprietor
''■} of the Jersey City Evening Journal, is the
•'. distinguished visitor "referred to, and I
j though he is directly from Hawaii he has
'• managed to keep track of current events
.. -"" American. °g s
Major Pangborn is a Republican of the
first water and enjoys the enviable dis
•• tinction o| having participated in some
. way in the selection of every Republican
Mnjjr Z. K. Pangborn. Who Predicts an Easy Republican Victory Next Fall.
;"■••*. : ? ■ ■ . . - ' '
• Presidential candidate since the party was
•■•: organized. In his own "State, NeV Jersey,
; . ;. he is a powM in party councils.
C v .''Before *I say anything about home
* affairs," lie said yesterday, me to
\ : c«v a little of that beautiful island republic,
•\ Hawaii. I was there for several weeks and
•":: I. can say with assurance tnat it presents a
'" magnificent field for business— mat is, an
'•'increasing and profitable business. This
' it particularly true Of ° coffee, sugar and
.• ih-.its of all kinds. There are vast tracts
''„ of land which have n3?ver been used but
' ' wliffeli are capable of returning almost un
. -".told wealth to those \\;ho are c willing to
.venture their dollars. I think the islands
."•could easily sustain jtliree " times the
° present population. '
"."Now about home affairs," and the ma
* jor's eyes gave forth. a merry twinkle as
liesaiu ttrs. "it seenfs to me that the
= . *Dcmocra tic party is slowly but surely
i.o\nz to pieces— that it is disintegrating
; in such a manner as to preclude the possi
bi i!y of its ever coming together again.
"I regard the action :of Br^an and his
followers at Chicago a's an assault On the
c Democratic party — a !of prin
cipiis and party doct/ines. T c Repub
lican party is sound and not divided c by in
ternal dissensions. Npw Jersey:' can and
will be put in the Republican column
.- wi-hout any doubt, li there bad been any
■ doubt it was removed by the nomination
of Hobart. I have worked with him and
know him to be a bright; strong man,
conscientious, a hard worker, loyal to the
people and beloved by the people.
"The fusion of the Democrats with the
Populists will not help either party. On
the contrary, it will drive Democrats and
Populists 10 McKinley. ,In any case it
will not force Republicans ;to Bryan's
* standard. If the situation were^not seri
ous, the at'itnde of the Democratic ; party
1 would be ridiculous. They practically
ha re three strings to .their bow — Bryan,
"Watson and Sewall. jThe latter cannot
come down, because ft would leave his
1 arly in a pretty mess. •
"\Vatson»is not the man for the place, bo
between the two of them the Democratic
0 party has a heavy load to shoulder. Wat
son "Is lacking instability. He belongs to
the Altgeld, Pennoylr, Tillman class of
. men, who conduct a campaign of passion
and prejudice instead of truth and reason.
0 It would not surprise. me to see these men
stir tip a strife pending the election which
may «nd in strikes uqq; bloodshed. No
matter what they do, however, the Repub
lican arty, with McKinley in the lead,
will win with ease next November." s
Q For over, thirty years ; Major Pangborn
has conducted the Evening Journal of
Jersey .City. He is regarded as an able
writer and close observe* 1 of current events.
His opinion, therefore, is deserving of
more than ordinary consideration.
HE WOULD BE A SAILOR.
The Son of A. M. Palmer of New York
ait A. B. on the Ship A. G.
Ropes.
The theatrical profession on tlie Ameri
can ship A. G. Ropes among the crew is
lenresented by K. M. Palmer Jr. of New
Yurie. He is the 20-year-old son of
the well-known theatrical manager. =Dar
ing the run from New York he did all the
work of an ordinary sailor. He is cer
tainly no shirker and can holystone decks,
reel a sail, splice a brace, grease a yard,
]>aint the gingerbread- work iCnd put a
"■hrtrk's fin on tbe flying jibboom with the
best man in the ship. He is rated as
"purser," but the only money he disburses
H what Captain Rivers advances him.
He is bronzed, but not weather-btaten,
and runs around the decks like a school
boy. His hands *how all the signs of hard
work, ami when he returns to New York
it will be six months before he will be
able to wear a decent-sized glove again.
"I am m a measure an old sailor," said
he yesterday. "I used to be a kind of
secretary to my father and made fourteen
voyages to Europe with him. My health
began to fail, bo I was shipped on this vov
ase around the Horn, and Captain Rivers
was told to make me "rough it, 1 ' Wiiile I
have been splendidly treated the 'old man'
nas not fnilad in carrying out his instruc
tions." Here the young sailor showed the
calluses on the palms of his hands.
"My father is going to open the Great
Northern Theater in Chicago next Septem
ber. He has secured tbe lease of it for
five years and will open with 'Trilby.' I
will return home in the A. G. Ropes and
then I will quit the life of a sailor."
THE COMING FAIR.
All the Space in tha Big Mechanics'
Pavilion Already Taken by
Exhibitors.
According to the reports received of the
preliminary work of the Mechanics' Insti
tute and Manufacturers' and Producers'
coming fair, it will be the greatest indus
trial exposition ever held on this coast.
All of the space on the lower floor has
been taken by exhibitors, and only by
close crowding and careful calculation
can any more space in the galleries be
disposed of. Those who will exhibit are
taking an active interest in the undertak
ing and a great rivalry exists as to who
will put in the most attractive displays.
As it will be a home-product fair in the
strict sense of the term, the management
has refused dozens of good bids for space
from agents and dealers who wished to
put Eastern goods before the public.
A local soap company is constructing a
large Grecian temple of its product that
will be twenty-three feet square. It will
be lighted by hundreds of small electric
lights. A firm of glass dealers will con
struct a temple of mirrors. .
The exhibit to be made by the Union
Iron Works will occupy 1500" square feet
of space. It will ba a miniature model of
the entire establishment at the Potrero,
including a part of the bay," drydocks,
etc. In the water will float models of all
the warships and on ihe ways will be the
latest production, the battfe-ship Oregon.
"What is known as the annex of the Pa
vilion will be converted into an electric
hall, and the entrance will be through a
huge grotto of rock salt. Opposite the en
trance for a stretch of fiilty feet will be
a display of every kino of electric
lamp known, all ablaze. Beside these
there will be exhibits of nearly every in
dustry in the State; the mining, agricul
tural, wool, wooden, leather, iron and
dairy interests will all be represented,
iv the latter display will be one by the
Dairymen's Association, a monster cheese
weighing five hundred pounds.
The exposition will open on September
I, but many of the exhibitors are begin
ning to brin? in their exhibits now. The
intention is to have everything in work
ing order on the opening day. The man
agement is taking extra precautions to
protect the property from fire and thieves.
ORPHANS SING SWEETLY
i Little Girls Give » Concert at the Girls'
Directory Asylum Yesterday
Afternoon.
A"little concert" was fiven Wednesday
afternoon by the children o* the St. Fran
cis Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum, in
presence of an assemblage of admirers of
the institution. Among those present
were several Catholic ladies of prominence
who are distinguished by their charity and
their interest in Catholic charitable insti
tutions like tbe admirable orphan asylum
o of Bt. Fraucie, on Eueua Vista and Central
avenues.
The concert was given by the orphans
for the benefit of the c asylum, which has
been in need of financial assistance to
meet its necessarily heavy current ex
penses. Nearly 200 children are a°t present
in the institmion, and thex *re supported,
cared for and educated by the sisters with
out the help of Jay people.
The average number of children in St.
Francis' Asylum is nearly 200. After some
time in the institution they are provided
with comfortable and proper homes. But
of late Sister Mines, the superioress of -St.
Francis, has felt the imperative demand
for ready money to continue the good
work in which°she is engaged, so the chil
dren totik it upon themselves to assist her.
The opening number was a song of wel
come by a chorus of little girls, and it was
followed by a recitation^ "St. Francis'
I Home." The remainder of the orogramme
! consisted of songs and recitations by the
I children, interspersed with vioiin and
I piano solos by Miss Marie Short and Miss
| W. Nevin.
» ♦ ..
CLAIMS AGAINST THE CITY.
! A Request That Old Debts Be Paid Out
of tbe Surplus.
The members' of the Merchants' Asso
ciation are taking up the cause of those un
fortunate creditors of the City who, sev
eral months a^o, furnished large quanti
ties of supplies to tbe various municipal
departments and who have not yet been
paid for tbeir" goods. The merchants
have started the movement by the
following letter to the Board of Supervi
sors:
Gentlemen: At the last regular meeting of
the board of directors of the Merchants' Asso
ciation it was unanimously resolved to -peti
tion your honorable board to use the surplus
now°remaining in the City treasury from the
pest fiscal year, if it can lpgaliy be done, to
liquidate the outstanding claims oi thoee cred
itors who have in good faith furnished aad de
livered goods and supplies to the munici
pality. .
This is not only a question of fair dealing
with tbe creditors of the City, but involves the
financial honor of San Francisco. Very re
spectfully yours,
Merchants' Association.
Baseball at the Presidio.
The decisive game of a series of five between
the Llah Club and BL Francis Young Men's So
ciety will be ) played :at the Presidio grounds
Sunday morning at 9 i o'clock. * The winning
team 'is to 'be presented > with the ■*' Lincoln
trophy. The make-up is as follows:
IJah Club. . Position. St. Francis Society.
Bardet...... Pitcher..;....; McLane
5ch«b1«. ............... Catcher.. ..;......... .Hearty
Sullivan.... First b is.., Hodge
, Lsvin r:..... ........ second base.. ....;...VUutin
Luhman.. ............. Third base Jllllsrd
Murphy :.'....;.. Short 5t0p.. »... ........G10ver
Fear:...'..;...";. ....... 1>ftf1e1d.... ...;;;-, .Wallace
; White.....;.......... .. Center field.;.... ..Lonishan
] Quirk. . .. .Right fl*ld Campbell
An Insolvent -ulnnnintin.
A. D. Porter, a saloon-keeper, doing business
as "J Porter I & Spin gler ; yesterday tiled a peti
tion, in > insolvency. He owes $2100 50. and
has property worth $1040, nu si «l which h~s
been attached. •- His bankruptcy ; is the result
of a lire, which, destroyed bis place of business
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
ONLY A DOG THAT
WAS DESPERATE,
Suffering, He Deliberately
Turns to Relief in
Suicide.
HE SEES DEATH COMING.
Staggers From a Gutter's Agony
to Oblivion Under a
Streetcar.
RESCUED BY HUMAN FRIENDS,
He Was Carefully Dragged Back to
the Gutter Unconscious, Where
He Died.
A dog lay suffering on Montgomery
street Wednesday afternoon. Finally.with
a last, great rally of his lapsing energy, he
rose up and made a deliberate and deter
mined effort to commit suicide.
This dog was nobody's darling. He had
not been reared on cream and caramels.
His appearance plainly showed that his
place was not on Nob Hill.
However, he appeared to be a respect
able member of canine society. His hair
had been smooth and glossy before it be*
came ruliiea in the tilth of tbe street, lie
had on a common leather collar, but it
was new." But if there was anything in
which this dog was not mongrel it was in
the fortitude with which he faced death
and the heroism with which he calmly
saw it cruahine down upon him.
He lay in front of 619 Montgomery
street, near Clay. Part of the time his
bead was pillowed on the curbstone, and
his shivering, quivering body in the wet
gutter. At 4 o'clock it' was apparent that
be was dying in slow and increasing
agony.
This miserable animal of that race which
has proven the most true iriend of man
kind, raised bis eyes plaintively to the
stream of humanity that flowed by near
and whined. When he became too weak
to whine, still his eyes opened and looked
into' the multitude for one friend who
might bring him relief. Tne people passed
by with heedless glances. The dogs that
came that way paused and sniffed, and a
few Hcked him to show their sympathy
and affection, as dogs do. But they did
not tarry lone. They either had troubles
enough of their own or gave him up as a
.hopeless case and trotted on.
By 5 o'clock quite a crowd of curious or
idle or sympathetic spectators had
gathered around the prostrate body of the
moaning braje. A big policeman came by
and cleared the sidewalk, but he did not
offer to end the animal's misery. Poor
Towser feebly raised his head. He saw
the way clear. He also saw a Mont
gomery-street bobtail horsecar coming
from tbe south. He opened bis eyes
wider, as though by an increased mental
effort. He staggered to bis feet. He
reeled out into the street.
Poor Towser had made a desperate reso
lution to put himself out of his misery.
He could not kill hlmbelf with a revolver
because he had none. He was not able to
go to the drugstore and buy morphine, or
rough on rats, .or laudanum, or chloral, or
carbolic acid.
He couldn't cnt his throat. It was as
plainly impossible for him to stop up the
keyhole and turn on tbe gas. The bay
and the docks or the Oakland ferries were
as far from him as the Brooklyn bridge, so
what else was there for him to seek that
would bring death but the rail and the
cruel wheels.
Struggling to keep on hfsfeet till the
proper time, he suddenly collapsed when
he was almost under the horse's feet.
Quickly tlie streetcar stopped. The
driver had seen the aog; but there was
only two inches of space between tba dog
and the death he sought. Men jumped
from the streetcar and men ran from the
sidewalks and dragged poor Towser from
under the car. He was unconscious, and
perhaps for all poor Towser knew he was
killed by the car. Last evening at 7
o'clock he lay in the gutter dead.
GAINED MANY HONORS,
An Honorary Degree at Leipsic
Has a Very Flattering
Sequel.
Dr. Stratton 's Thesis Sought by a
Great Psychological Journal
of Europe.
The academical honors conferred in Eu
rope upon George M. Stratton are of an
exceptional sort. Borne mention has been
made of the fact that t!ie Leipsic Uni- !
versity, from which he has recently been !
graduated, conferred npon him the honor
of summa cum laude, which in itself, con
sidering all tbe circumstances, was a
mark of great distinction. The news has
just been received that Professor Wundt
has requested from Dr. Stratton bis thesis
tor publication in tbe Philosophisbe Stu
dien, which is the most important psycho
logical journal in Europe. Only authors
who are masters of their work are admit
ted to the columns of this publication, and
tbe honor of mention is eagerly coveted by ■
European students on account of tbe high
critical standard which is maintained by
its management "The fact that Dr.
Stratton'a paper has been requested," Pro
fessor Howison said yesterday, "is proof
that Dr. Btratton v considered an impor
tant person in science.^'
Professor Howiton is naturally much
pleased at tbe success abroad of Dr. Strat
ton, who was graduated in 1888 from the
department in the University of Califor
nia of which Professor Howison is the
head. Among the members of the fac
ulty of the State University who are in
Berkeley the feeling of elation is general,
because Dr. Stratton in his success also
reflected great creait abroad upon the
California institution through whicn he
pabsed. He was an industrious and bril
liant student at Berkeley, with sufficient
mental grasp ana acuteness to lead to an
ticipations of a brilliant career for him,
which anticipations he seems likely to
completely fulfill. He went to Europe
expressly to study experimental psychol
ogy, which is enpaging^ the attention of
the foremost philosophical minds of the
centers of learning in Europe and in the
United States. The shades of meaning in
philosophical discussion are so finely
drawn often that great discrimination is
necessary to make such selection as shall
convey the precise idea in the mind of the
author.
■ At Dr. Stratton was compelled, in order
to conform to the customs of the German
universities, to employ the ? German lan
guage in, the construction of his thesis, his
feat is considered doubly f* creditable. Op
nosed to him and in Competition with him
for scholastic honors were students •from;
all European countries, and particularly
the German students, who nave been
trained to philosophical thought and to
the most refined and accurate use of the
German language throughout their
academic career. Their advantage over
him was, therefore, very marked, but he
was fully able to uphold the credit of the
University of California, as the sequel has
amply proved.
The subject of Dr. Stratton's thesis ia
not known exactly, but it related to a
study of fundamental ratios. Coneratula
tions have been forwarded to Dr. Stratton
from this City, and also from members of
the faculty of the University of California.
Dr. Stratton ia a brother of Dr. R. T.
Stratton of Oakland and also of Attorney
r. 8. Stratton. He is making a tour
through Europe, and will soon start for
this City.
ALL FOR CHARITY.
Benevolent Institutions Whose Mana
gers Seem to Have an Kye to the
Main Chance.
In Jnly, 1889. Hiram A. Pearsons died,
leaving a holographic will, in which,
among other bequests, is a legacy "to the
different orphan asylums of the City aud
County of San Francisco, said asylums to
be designated by the Judge of the Probate
Court.' Unaer tbe provisions of the will
the court mr.de an order for the distribu
tion of $100,000 among the Roman Catholic
Orphan Asylum, the Protestant Orphan
Asylum, the Maria Kip Orphanage, tbe
St. Vincent Orphan Asylum and the Pa
cific Hebrew Orphan Asylum.
These five institutions only, out of thir
teen which applied for a share in the
legacy, were designated by the court; and
of thts remaining eight the San Francisco
Ladles' Protection and Relief Society, tbe
Armitage Orphanage, the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society and tbe Girls' Directory ap
pealed. The first-named institution
Miss Verne Castro, Granddaughter of the Spanish General and Recent Devotee
of Ibespis.
claimed that the court »rred in holding
that it was not an orphan asylum and
also in holding that St. Vincent's Asylum
was a San Francisco institution. This
contention the Supreme Court seems to
regard with favor, applying it also to the
Armitane Asylum, and denies any right
on the part of the Boys'-and Girls' Aid
Society to be called an orphan asylum.
The Girls' Directory is not to b« regarded
as an orphan asylum in the exact sense of
the word.
The cause was remanded, the Probate
Court being ordered to modify tne decree
in accordance with the Supreme Court's
decision.
TRADE WITH JAPAN.
Local Merchants*:, Taking I Active Steps
to .Revive Commerce.
The members of the Chanber of Com
merce and Board of Trade of San Fran
cisco, the Manufacturers' Association of
California and the Merchants' Association
are very desirous of getting bade some of
the trarie with Japan that has been grad
ually slipping out of their fingers. In
order to accomplish this a meeting has
been called at which plans will be made
for tending an active man to Japan with
a view of setting the tide of contmerce in
tbia direction again. In the call for this
meeting the committee sets forth the fol
lowing facts:
Sax Framctrco, July 15, 1896.
To the members of the chamber of Commerce and
Board of Trade of San FrancUco, the Manufac
turers' Association of California and the Ma
chants' Association— Gentlemen: At a confer
ence cf tb* trustees of the two organisations
first named, held this day, ii was decided, if
effective co-operation is assured, to send a
commercial commissioner to Japan ior oue
year or looser if deemed auvantageous.
We suggest that as many sub.-crioers as are
Interested subscribe to mtike up the necessary
amount, estimated nt!f4ooo,e»ich contributing
a like amount, sty 100 subscribers $40 each,
or if more subscribers a less amount each.
A committee selected by them shall make the
appointment, fix compensation ami arrange
details. The primary results shall accrue to
subscribers only, they furnishing samples,
price lists and necessary Information to accom
pany them.
The establishment of a sample-room at a j
Japanese trade center will be considered.
Keports from the commissioner sent to the
committee to be accessible to all subscribers,
but he may address any subscriber as to his
particular line of business.
The committee of management will issue all
instructions to the commissioner as to his lo
cation, duties and the most approved methods
of attracting trade.
You are i nus invited to join In this effort to
extend and increase your trade in Japan, or to
open it If the field is new to you. The pian
commends itself from its economy and prac
ticability. It is suggested entirely iv your in
terest, although the subsequent results may j
inure to the general advantage of the ocean
commerce of our port.
You are respectfully requested to attend a
meeting oi the members of the organizations
herein named &t the Chamber of Commerce
HrU, Merchanu' Exchange, California street,
on Thursday, July 30, at 3p. m., for the pur
pose of organisation aiid the election of a com
mittee of management.
Hoping that you will cordially participate in I
this effort to increase the commerce of San S
Francisco, we remain, your obedient servants, I
John L. Howard,
A. L. Bootr,
William L. Mkrby,
ComcUttee. i
1
WILL SEEK FOR
HISTRIONIC FAME,
Granddaughter of a Spanish
General Will Go on
the Stage.
MISS CASTRO'S VENTURE.
She Will No Longer Be Known
by Her Foster Name
Allen.
ONE WEEK WEDDED TO THE AKT
She Is a Noted Society Belle of the
Three Cities Across the
Bay.
The prominent society belle of Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda, Miss Verne Allen,
granddaughter of General Castro, will no
longer be Verne Allen, but Verne Csstro.
The reason that Miss Castro has decided
to take the honorable name of her ances
tors is because she has decided to go on
the stage. This determination will prove
a great surprise to the numerous friends
of Miss Castro, and yet from her own
affirmation she has been advised by her
friends to take this step ever since she
has been able to recite four consecutive
lines.
Her grandfather was one of the old
Spanish generals and was a Castiiian of
Castile, a representative of a nobility par
excellence. Moreover, her granduncle
was Alvarado, one of the first governors
of Spanish California.
Miss Castro has just graduated from
Mills College. She has much musical
talent and a voice that ia rich in tone and
feeling. She has been under Mr. Belasco
only a few weeks, yet recently rendered
before her friends Cora of "Article 47"
with such a power and knowledge of emo
tional expression that, it is said, had it
been in public it would have made her
famous.
Next month she will read "Camille" at
NSW TO-TtAXi
(•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■# a#fl#a#a#l9l
MARK TWAIN'S
\^^>^^ NEW. STORY
r^^^j TOM SAWYER,
V■ I j^^ •: • DETECTIVE
I i^^t=L^"^ - A startlingly dramatic story of the Middle West
1 *^sw*^l in . the laSt generation, with drawings by A. B. Frost,
; \^\ \ata begins in the ■• .; .
j j AUGUST NUriBER
/feli Harpers Magazine
I A *>iA&Skmm I Tl , The White Mr. Longfellow, by William Dean Hnwe'U
ll'^WW*- ' Illustrated. Peeps Into Barbery, by E. Budrett M«klh
mfeWm* f? rl^ rly . "l lt °Vi th i Tim " of Mo rocco. Illustrated by F.
NT- i«v?aß^.' c c i Myrb V The Strange Days that Came to Jimmy
Ik SnrV^ii " da^ b^Jr c l e " c R *mington. Illustrated by the author
F ItlH Doorstep Ne.gh^r.by imam Hami!ton Gibson< T °£
/ I I 1 c qhort
....;.; From "Tom Sawyer, DetectiTe." V^ AJ l-Ul\lbS
HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York.
a reception given to David Bolasco on his
arrival in this City.
She is strongly emotional and aspires to
shine in society dramas and classic pieces.
"I love the excitement and exhilaration
of standing before an audience," said she
yesterday. "The turning point of my life,
or the moment that really decided me on
becoming an actress, was when I delivered
the Rhetorical at Mills College. I was not
in the least afraid, but when I had finished
I wanted to go back again upon the stage.
1 want people to know me hereafter by my
real name— Verne Castro— not Allen. I
intend to add more fame to that narve if
possible."
Miss Castro's aunts bad the name of
being the most beautiful women in this
State, and it is very apparent that Miss
Castro inherits much of this trait herself.
PRINTERS' ELECTION.
C. E. Hiwkfs Selected as President of
San Francisco Typographical
Union No. 21.
The election of officers of San Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 was held on j
Wednesday, and the contest was keen !
| from the opening of the polls. Over 60C !
I votes were cast. As the voting was by the i
Australian ballot system, it was not until
nearly 6 o'clock yesterday morning that
the results were made known. The rote !
cast on the full ticket was as follows: |
For president— C. E. hawkes 228. D. G.
Poole 139, L. P. Ward 191.
For first vice-president— Henry A. Chase 545.
For second vice-president— A. G. Leeper 148,
A. M. Parry 381.
For secretary and walking delegate— \V. B. ;
Benoist 324, George L. Taylor 232.
For treasurer — J. P. Olwell 551.
For sergeaut-at-acms— T. M. McGowan 543.
For executive committee, newspaper branch, I
H. I. DsrrSSl, H. C. de Anna 537, Ed O'Don
nell 539.
For executive committee, job office branch ;
(two to be elected)— E. G. L. Hoeber 190, J. C.
Horn 337, Alex .McFherson 219, J. P. Spencer
2«5.
For membership committee— T. H. Arnold
551, C. E. Baekess 539, L. P. Ward 528.
For delegates to La bat Council— VV. C. Acker
man 428. H. Blumei' 489. H, I. Darr 448, T. F.
Koley 419, C. K. II a wires 466, D. G. Poole 463,
George L. Taylor 459, E. G. L. Hoeber 412.
For delegates to State Federation— C. E. Back
ess 516, K. J. Devlne 523, Johu J. Livingston
517.
For delegates to tbe I. T. TJ. (three to be
elected)— John Collins 354, J. J. Galvin 320, J.
G. Horn 155, P. T. January 38, Miss Jennie
Little 137, J. K. Phillips 70. W. J. White 192,
J. R. Winders 294.
I
RICHMOND MADE HAPPY,
Red Rock in Active Demand
With the People West of
the Cemeteries,
Real Estate Has Taken a Jump of
More Than Twice Its Value
in Ten Years.
Since the law allowing red-rock pave
ments went into effect the Richmond dis
trict has assumed a thorough business
like dash. Now Point Lobos avenue is
traversed by dozens of teams hauling red
rock from the quarry at tn« Cliff all over
the district for sidewalks and other
needed improvements, whereas previous to
its passage not one load was hauled to
this section.
As an example of the sudden revival in
improvements the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
Association has given a contract for 3000
loads of red rock with which a concrete
wail is being put round that portion
of the cemetery where the sandhill stood
prior to its removal to fill up the hollow
on the inside of the old racetrack.
A contract has been let by the property
owners on Sixth avenue, from B to Point
Lobos, to Felix McHugh for the construc
tion of a sewer at ninety cents a foot,
which involves about $1500. But on this
undertaking McHugh ran across a snag;
bis bid was made upon the expectation
that he would find a sandy bottom through
which he would run his sewer, but instead
he found blue rock and hard clay "which
will leave him out of pocket quite a large
sum as the sewer must go according to
specifications.
By the way of a comparison on th« in
creased value of real estate in Richmond
district during the past ten years, T. G.
Parker, a real estate agent in this
valley, sold a corner lot on Fourth avenue
and Clement street in 1886 for $1300.
The same lot was sold by the same agent
a few weeks ago to C. B. Ryer for $3750.
Upon this lot a $6000 building will be im
mediately erected. Nor is this an excep
tion." Lots that J. J. O'Brien sold for $100
a lot some few years ago are now beinj»
sold for $1000 for inside and $1500 for cor
ner lots.
The sandeaters of "Warren & Malley are
getting away with tha mounds in that
vicinity. The two paddies at work remove
45,000 cubic yards of sand every day.
This is being hauled away upon railroad
flatcars propelled by horsepower and
dumped into the hollow which stood in
the center of the Bay View racetrack since
the days of Noah and his family.
When this tract of land is filled in and
the avenues and streets laid out, it will be
one of the choicest building sites in the
district.
• — + — •
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday granted a
divorce to Daniel J. Fulton from Celeste M.
Fulton because of the defendant's willful de
sertion.
Dinah Elizabeth Scott was divorced from
Robert Scott for the latter's willful desertion
and failure to provide. Mrs. Scott was awarded
the custody of two minor children and $50 a
month alimony.
Judge Hebbard granted Jeanne Meyer a
divorce from Louis Meyer because of the lat
ter's extreme cruelty. The plaintiff was al
lowed to resume her maiden name of Jeanne
Casenave. The parties were only married six
months.
Elizabeth Henke was divorced from Herman
Henke because of defendant's extreme cruelty
Judge Hebbard granted the decree.
anew to-day.
FRIDAY. July 31, 1896.
Pretty
Lawn
Aprons, dainty things
they are, 25c to-day. '-[]
What do you think of this
i one-day-sale idea ? You read
yesterday's and Sunday's
; j talk, didn't you ? And you'll
I read to-morrow's too ? Every
day a little chat — not tire-
I some. Look for it here —
i this page — every day.
For TO-DAY (Friday) ONLY.
White Lawn Aprons. 4-Inch hem and 4-inch Em*
. I broidery Inserting, at 28c. ■
£. mail. '29c prepaid. Stamps taken.
To-morrow 50c
Laces for to-morrow,
j Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman,
107-100 Post, nr. Kearny.
1220-1224 Market st.
|| DHIU DELPHIASHOE CO.
STAMPED ON A SHOE
I ■ MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
NOTHING SUCCEEDS
LIKE SUCCESS!
Oar Blockade Bale has been a success. '■ .Why ?
Eecanse we never advertise fnke sales. -■ THAT
FKNCK HURTS OCR TRAD-, but our shoes
never hurt the feet. ' Why ? Because they are
well made and only the BEST material Is used.
. This week money In yonr pocket. Special Sa'e
ot Ladies' Extra Fine French Vlci Kid Button
Shoes, with either cloih or kid tops,' latest style
razor toes, half Toklo last, flexible soles and
patent-leather tips. Special price 91.85. Nothing
lite It ever offered before. Regular price $'4 50.
nBHBHBKHHIHKBB
I 75c. $1.00.
SCHOOL _^-
NEAT iTTTERS. SOLID WEARERS.
■•' Why buy School Shoes elsewhere when by walk-
ing Around the fence at Third and .Market you can ',-
save money t We will save you from 25c .to 50c
on every pair. Examine otur shoes and prices,
and if they are not rtgh. don't buy them.
Kid Button, sizes 8 to 10%.— ...•. 750
Kid Button, sires 11 to 52.................... 85c . '<
Pebble Grain Button, sizes Bto 101/2 750' •
Pebble Grain Button. *izes 11 to 2......... 91.
Tan Goat, sizes sto 5...... .................. 750 ''
Tan Goat, sizes 8 to lOV'2 ................. .81. GO
ran Goat, sizes 11 to 2...... ....«1.35
. * ... ** , * ■ '
£7* Country orders solicited. ; .■■'
MS" Send for New Illustrated Catalog '••.-. -
■ Address -^|^ggggßgfe|g|g)' *■.
B. KATCHINSK!, ". -''.•••
PHILADELPHIA SHOE '; CO.. ••'' :
10 Third Street. San Francisco. • .-'...'.-
Like throwing money in ' *
the bay— buying " cheap "
furniture.
"Bed Letter" furniture "
isn't "cheap" — priced.
There's a difference. .
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Colb <fe Co.)
117 Geary Street.
BB^ WE?
' ' *^ar Mm. m\ 11 IVI
I IB THE VERY BKSTOSE TO IXAMISa
JL your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacle* and fir*.
Slusea with . instruments of ETovrn inveaUii *
WBOMsaperloritj fc*s not beoa equal*!. My til?
WMbH been due to lbs marlta ot wjr wotit
Office Hours- la to *r. v.  ?
thesuccess of iii
THE LADIES' GRE ROOM
. Otf THE ,
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SL
- OPEN PXTIL BIIDXIOHT.
TKON BEDS.
I fcui^%js» BRASS BEDS.
r^ / FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair KM-
tresses, Becil n I n :
i ' . .... Chairs, Wheel Chair*
T T " 1 Commodes, Back Kej:i
11 x. Itlfnif w « -21-
I •iVlt't»^_ "*■* ■ 111 tU New Montgomery
■•W i : ; SS"" ""• ■~ JJ St. , under Ur«ud
• ' . : t^ _ Hotel. S. JF.
Baja California
Dam ian a Bitters
i Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific toots for V\%
I sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and t
great remedy tor diseases of the kidneys and Mil-
i <ler. A neat Restorative, Invlgorator and Nervine
I Sells on ; its own Merita— no long-winii*l tdiU>
monials necessary. ':',.»
'?■■■:- >.-»lifc.li. AI.F3 St BRINK, - Agents,
333 Market ; St., B. , I.—( send for CircuUe )
■■■ B ■■ 111 * laxative refreshing f«
I H iW U 91 frult lozenge.
1 ttmttn
hemorrhoids, bile,
9 U to 1 C II loss of appetite, gastric an«
11111 I r R intestinal troubles and
111 111 %i II ■ headache arisi&x
j*"WwIWffIHHKFf vi * ' ' • : from them.
HI I I AM E. GHILLON,
I LLO a ? ss&i;££!^'
ROSLIN COAL!
FOUNIj AT LAST. IT BEATS THKM ALL.
58 a ton, 91 half-ton, $2 quarter-ton, -43c suck;
delivered: special rates. E>TTKRPKr*f: WOOD
AND COAL CO., 251 Stevenson su, bet 3d ami 4th.
j UiiO. JO^fhS, Maoager. Tel. Black Mi 1-ROUGHLY SEIZED:
BY THE THROAT.
Fate of an ex-Employe
Who Accosted H. E.
Huntington. s
DAVE NEAGLE'S GRIP.
A. J. Collins' Recital of His
Grievances Suddenly In
terrupted.
CtAIMS HE WAS ILL TREATED.
Seeks Redress for Having Baen Put
Off a Train in the Colorado
Desert.
.  An exciting scene was witnessed yester
day in front of., the Union Trust building,
at Montgomery and Post streets, between
ex-De<puty United States Marshal David
Neagle, who is in the 1 employ of the
• Southern Pacific Company, and Andrew
J. Collins, an ex-employe of the .company,
who has on various occasions called on
. several of the railroad officials to state his
-..grievances and to ask for redress."
According to Collins' story he jyas walk
,ing up and down on tie sidewalk in front
; ;joi the railroad building yesterday, trying
to sell a razor-sharpening preparation j
■to passers-by, when H. £. Huntington
. . and Ner.gle approached. Huntington
„" spoke to Collins, who has called several
.";times on the railroad magnate, but Col- |
iins. rankling under what he thought had '.
beeii .injustice on Huntington's, part, re- j
• : fused to answer. Soon he changed hist
mind, however, and began to .speak to I
Huiitinpton in regard to his grievance j
against the company.
"I. was not making any threats at all," [
• declared Collins yesterday evening. "In j
: fact; I bad closed my grip and was stand
;'ing with my arms folded in order that I
ijhere might be no appearance whatever of
violence on my part. 1 was just telling
Mr. Huntington that I had been a faithful
.employe of the company when this man
Neagle caught me by the throat with one
hand and by the wrist with the other and
forced me toward the edge of the sidewalk.
At the same time he threatened with an
oath to kill me if I came around bother
,ving the railroad people again.
"I thought at the time tbat the man was
an officer, sol submitted to the indignity.
If I had known then who he was 1 should
certainly not have allowed him to treat '
•me as he did. It was as flagrant a piece j
of unwarranted brutality as I ever saw in
my Hie."
H. E. Huntington, when seen shortly
after the occurrence yesterday afternoon, j
was inclined to make light of the matter.
"There were no threats nor any attempts
at violence," he said. "Yes, this is 'the
same man who created a similar scene '
several weefts ago. He imagines he has a j
grievance against the company and he |
conies around here seeking redress.
"I think the man is a little 'off. 1 I have j
heard that he stabbed his own mother, and j
naturally I don't care that he should try
the same thing on me."
J. A. Fillmore,- general manager of the
company, gave the history of Collins' con- j
section with the company. "Some five or j
six years ago." he said- '•Collins was hurt,
through his own fault, at Los Angeles.
'•". . "After he recovered he came around after
.. work and we gave him a position in the
shops at Tucson. He got into so much
trouble and made such a disturbance
'.;■■.. among the employes that we finally had
. .to let him out. On his way back from
■;•;. Tucson he claims ne was put off a train
•■•■ -and suffered greatly, and now demands
; . .some compensation. He wants money
• ..without work. If he attempts to black
: ..mail us. however, he will find that he has
'"/Corner to the wrong building."
;;• Collins denies that he was' discharged at j
■ .. -Tucson. "There were a number of us I
..; laid off." be said, "ostensibly for the pur
' '.pose of e^nomy. As a matter of fact,
■ however, while I was wording 'at Tucson
, 'everything possible was done to make
•••■- "things disagreeable for me and to compel
. me to quit, bnt I worked on.
: ■■-' • "When I was Jaid eff I started back for
thp City. I was denied a pass or an em
ploye's* ticket, although the other em- ;
vloyes were given them. Whiie cro^sin
the Colorado Desert I was put off the train
and my sufferings there in the terrific
August heat were something fearful.
After I had finally reached this City I
wrote to Mr. Kruttschnitt, who was then
connected with the company, asking to be
compensated for the sufferings I had un
dergone. He answered me that inasmuch
as the matter had occurred before his ad
ministration he could do nothing in the
matter.
"Since then I have at various thneß tried i
to see H. E. Huntington. Not long ago I !
saw Mr. Worihinxton, Huntington's pri- !
vate secretary, who told me that Hunting
ton woald see that I should receive what
ever was just and fair, but I have been un
able to learn anything further, although I {
have tried several times to see Huntington. !
"When I taiked of suiDg the company
Worthlneton said I might as well knock
my head against a stone wall as to sue '
tiie company.
"They had me arrested for threatening
to kill, and although there was no evi
dence against me I was held over in Judge
Joachimsen's court, and after spending
over two months in the County Jail was
allowed to go free on bonds.
"I was thrown down by my attorney,
who promised ti see that I should be re
leased on habeas corpus. When finally I
gotoutof jail I was penniless and sick,
and since then I have been trying to make
a living selling things on the street.
"I was a.ways a good workman while in
the company's employ, and I have quite a !
number of recommendations from various
persons for whom I have worked. I was
not making any threats or using violence
this morning, but was merely asking for
what I thought just when Neagle brutally
interfered."
CONSIDERED A DISTURBER.
Brodowski's Charge Against Dr. MeAl-
J . lister. Found to Have No ■
Ground. .
The directors of the Veterans' Home
have investigated the recent charges of
cruelty made against Dr. W. F. McAllister
of the Veterans' Home at Yountville, and
have found them to be void and without
foundation.
The record of Brodowski shows that he
had been twice discharged from the home
for infractions of the rules, and the base
of the charges against the physician and
the directors, who are accused of shield
ing him, are traced to his animus. The
directors had refused to pay him an al
leged claim growing out of an assignment
lacking in legal formality, and, smarting
under this supposed grievance, be made a
general charge of mismanagement against
those in authority.
Drdii'ng His Creditor*.
The Risdon Iron and Locomotive works has
brought suit against L.S. J. Hunt to recover
$050 due on a promissory note, judgment for
which was rendered in favor of the plaintiff
by ttie King uounty (Washington) Superior
Court in June, 1895. It is claimed that Hunt
is about to leave for China, with the inientloo
01 deirauding bis creditors, aud liis arrest hai,
therefore, been ordered.
The British Ship Cedarbank, Lying at Howard- Street Wharf, Was Again on Fire Yesterday. About
Three Years Ago She Came ia With Her- Goal CargoAflre. Yesterday's Flames Destroyed
a Consignment of Free-Trade Beer Bottles.
WILL IT GO OR
WILL IT STAY?
Fate of the " Webster Pri-
•. Mary" to Be Decided '
.V?;: To-Day. ° ; : o
. — J —
TEACHERS IN SUSPENSE.
Almost a Deadlock in the Board
of Education— Knox ■ Is . * •
v^. Neutral. " •
THE GRAND JURY DRAGGED IN." j
What Will Becoms of the Evening l
V School Students r— A Princi
o • pal's Protest. -. .
Is the historic old' Webster Primary \
School (formerly the Lincoln) to go or to i
stay? This is the question now bothering j
the brains of the school sages and jarring.
the nerves of the teachers, parents and
pnpils interested in the school. *
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the Board of
Education will ; hold a special session arid j
try to solve the problem. The call was
issued yesterday' by President Henry T. .
Scott and states the gathering to be
For the purpose of taking action on a propo- j
sition to be presented at said meeting to dis- i
continue and abolish the Webster Primary I
School; to order the principals and teachers of ;
said school ' transferred to other schools in the i
department, and to take action on the resolu
tions offered by Director C. A. Murdock at a
meeting of the board July 22, 189G; to trans
fer Miss M. M. Murphy from the principalship
of the Jefferson Primary School to the prin
cipalship of the L* Conte Primary School; to j
transfer Miss Agnes M. Manning from the j
principalship of the Webster Primary School j
to the pri ncipalship of the Jefferson Primary |
School; to instruct the Superintendent to ex
tend the boundaries of the Jefferson Primary
School and to allow the principal of the Jef
ferson primary to retain the fifth (grammar)
grade classes in said school until further I
orders. . ;
By 4 singular coincidence the three
frame buildings comprising the Webster
Primary, located in the rear of the
Lincoln Grammar School, on Fifth street, j
south of Market, will, if the program me i
be carried out, be visited by the Grand
Jury in a body and inspected preparatory
to recommending their condemnation.
Director H. C. Henderson, chairman of
the Buildings and Grounds Committee,
and Inspector of Buildings - Kincaid will
De present to point out: the defects of the
buildings and urge the propriety of the
Grand Jury officially giving them a black
eye.
But the old Webster will not be doomed
through the lack of .a champion, for
Director Thomas R. Carew will be there to
plead for the school.
At the special session this afternoon ex- >
Judge J. F. Sullivan, ' who has been re
tained as counsel by Miss Manning, will i
appear and argue that to abolish the Web
; ster Primary, disorganize its able
staff of teachers and scatter its pupils far
and wide would, tinder the existing condi
tions, be the most reprehensible and mis
chievous policy possible for the Directors
to pursue. ,• . , ■-}"■-
The aoolition of the Webster Primary is
favored by Directors Scott; Haw ley, Hen- j
derson. McElroy; Murdock and Boper, and ;
j is opposed ,by r Ambrose, Barrett, Carew, i
Clinton and Comte. , .<
'-;• Seven votes under the rules are required
to t>ass any measure, and the key of the
situation seems ' accordingly to be ' held by
Director Thomas It. Knox, whose mind is
said to be still undecided. So he is being
subjected to some strong political and per
sonal "pulls" by the Webster and the
anti- Webster Directors. <
■ ■ J.t is a close and spirited contest, and : it
is impossible accurately to foretell the re
sult. The new term will begin next Mon
day, and consequently there is strong rea
son to believe that the fate of the Webster
Primary will be finally decided this after
"©op. ' _ ■-■'■ ■ ■ " BSffiBPCBHB,
The : feeling: over the matter is / wide
spread : and • bitter and ;; there \ are ' many
flying rumors in the air. There is talk of
:'■:■-;' ■■■•:! v l; ■ ,■■-• ■;: v .-. ■! -.:■'. -..■-'. :■■'..• •-•...-■'■ *."':•
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY »1, 1896.
a real estate job and of personal animus
against Mi.«s Manning, the principal, but
neither of these statements seems to rest
upon a truthful basis. An honest differ
ence of opinion is- most likely the casus
belli. It is claimed that the lot in the
rear of the Lincoln Grammar School. is not
a suitable site for a. school ; that the build
ings are old and dilapidated, and that the
real estate is so valuable that it could bo
leased at a profit to the department if
cleared of the old buildings which now
incumber it.
In answer to these arguments the friends
of the school say that it is centrally lo
cated, is attended by a greater number of
children than any other primary school
in the City and that the buildings are in
no worse condition than many others in
the department. All they need is a little
repairing. The value -of the school lots at
the corner of Fifth and Market streets is
admitted, but it, is that there
would be any financial profit in tearing
down the Webster Primary at this time.
As things are now the Board of Educa
tion has power to lease the lots at Market
and Fifth streets for only ten years, and
it Is argued that in consequence no great
profit could be expected from a lease.
The Lincoln Evening School, the largest
and most successful in the United States,
has thirty-six classes. Half of these find
accommodation in the Lincoln Grammar
and the other half in the Webster Primary.
Of course, the destruction of the Webster
would break up the elegant organization
of the Lincoln Evening School, and for
this reason, also, the contemplated clos
ing of the Webster is held to be unwise
and premature. • -
A general feeling of uneasiness prevails
among the thirty-five teachers, many of
whom would be likely to serve for an in
definite term upon the substitute list,
despite the assurances of the Directors to
the contrary. Miss Manning has riled a
written protest with the Board of Educa
tion against the discontinuance of the
Webster Primary, in the course of which
she says:
I have been informed that yon intend to
adopt a resolution transferring me from the
principalship of the Webster Primary to the
principalship of the Jefl'orfon Primary or some
other school of the grade of the latter and
with less emolument than said Webster Pri
mary. Under the law governing sali Board of
Education and defining the rights of teachers
you have not any authority to deprive me of
my office of principal of a seventeen-clasa pri
mary school nor deprive me of the salary at
tached to such office. The Supremo Court hss
held that the rights of teachers must ba held
inviolate where they have not forfeited their
right to office on proper charges after a proper
trial.
I hereby protest that your threatened action
is wrongful and unlawful. It will amount to
an unlawful invasion of my rights, for which I
must hold you accountable in such manner
and to such extent as the law of the State
allows.
Concerning the rights of teachers Miss
Manning's allusions to the decision of the
Supreme Court of California in the case of
Kate Kennedy vs. The Board of Education,
January 9, 1880, is true, but in its decision
the court said: "It may be well to say
that cases may arise in which a teach-r
cannot compel the Board of Education to
continue his employment and enforce pay
ment of his salary. For example, when
the school in which he is teaching is abol
ished, or from any other reason the posi
tion has ceased to exist. But no auch
question is presented here."
There is no parallel between the ease of
Kate Kennedy and that of Miss Manning
and the only part of the Supreme Court
decision applicable in the case of the prin
cipal of the Webster is that above quoted.
THE CHARTER CONVENTION.
A Large Gathering of Delegates From
the Improvement Clubs.
The Merchants' Association has just re
ceived official notice of the appointment
of the following additional delegates to
the Charter Convention to be held on
August 12: The Van Ness Avenue Im
provement Club has appointed Herbert E.
Law and J. J. McGovern. The Pacific
Coast Commercial Travelers' Association
has appointed W. F. Peterson and A. C.
Boldemann. The Germania Club has ap
pointed F. Sachs and F. Rathjens. The
E. Van Hendel Lodge has appointed Val
entin Acker and Kicolaus Trost. The
Eureka Lodge of Hermann's Sons has ap-
Dointed C. Leidecker and Dr. G. Gutsch.
These delegates will represent their re
spective organizations at the Charter Con
vention. A number of other associations
bava announced their intention of sending
delegates. From all indications the Char
ter Convention will be one of the mo*t
representative assemblages of prominent
citizens that have ever been field in San
Francisco.
Lovelace's Report.
\. Health Officer Lovelace rendered his annual
report to the Board of Health yesterday. He
went ; into ■■ explanations of why the interests
of th« public health had not been better sub
served, and made, many suggestions lor im
provements in the future.
THE CEDARBANK
AGAIN ON FIRE,
About Three Years Ago
She Came Into Port
All Ablaze.
CREW WAS POWERLESS.
They Could Not Control the Con
flagration Until Help Was
Sent Them.
IT WAS A NABROW ESCAPE.
As It Is the Underwriters Will Have
to Pay Over Ten Thousand
Dollars.
The water front was thoroughly excited
fdr the first time in two months yesterday.
The British ship Cedarbank, at Howard
street wharf, was afire and a stiil alarm
drew all the Harbor Commissioners' fire
boats and the Spreckeis tugs to the rescue.
The Alert and Vigilant both made a rush
for the ship, but the State tngs were
nearest, and when the Alert arrived the
fire was under control.
Superintendent Hawley of the "Black
Stack" line was one of the first men on
the scene and he rendered valuable assist
ance in directing the men at work. The
damage will probably amount to $10,000
and the underwriters will have to stand
the loss.
The Cedarbank arrived here on the 22d
inst. with a general cargo from Antwerp.
In the forward hold was a laree quantity
of bottles cased in straw for the use of the
English syndicate breweries in this State.
Since "free trade" obtained these bottles
have been imported from Germany, and
every lager- beer bottle opened in San
Francisco is manufactured in Germany.
Thousands of those bottles were ruined in
yesterday's fire, and while the foreign un
derwriters may lose the local glatsblowers
may gain.
The forward hold of the Cedarbank is
fall of inflammable goods, while the after
part of the ship is fnll of cement.
Tom Mulvey of W. P. Fuller & Co. was
the first man to notice that the Cedarbank
was on fire. He did not waste any words,
but at onco ran and Informed Captain
Brown, Superintendent of the State's tugs.
Brown telephoned to the Governor Mark
ham, and in ten minutes Captain J. F.
Petzinger had her under way. In enter
ing the Howard-street slip Captain Petz
inger found that a breast line from the
coal barge Courser barred his way. He
did not hesitate an instant, but cut the line
away and a few minutes later bad a stream
playing into the Cedarbank's hold.
Captain Moody was anxious to save all
lie could and attempted to drown the fire
from the main hatch. He only succeeded
in a measure, and it was only when a
great quantity of cargo was removed and
the fore Hold flooded that the fire was got
under.
The cement in the after part of the ship
will be subjected to a general average. The
bulk of it is as good as ever, but a consid
erable portion has been injured by water,
and is therefore almost useless. Just how
the vessel caught fire is a mystery, but
the general impression is that some of the
longshoremen or apprentices were smok
ing in the hold during the lunch hour
and a spark fell into the straw and it
smoldered until the fire broke out into a
blazing mass.
This is the second time the Cedarbank
has been on fire in the bay of San Fran
cisco. About three years ago Captain
Moody was bringing her from Newcastle,
N. S. W., with a cargo of coal. When
thirty-two days from port the coal caught
fire and for a full month the crew fought
it. Time and again tha men were driven
forward, but when a lull came they went
back to the main deck and shoveled coal
out of the burning mas«.
When the Farallones were reached Cap
tain Moody ordered the hatches battened
down and at once accepted a tow. Once
at anchor he sent ashore for assistance.
The "bank" line seems to always meet
with misfortunes in San Francisco. The
Etmbankwason fire witb a cargo of mil
ptmr at Union-street wharf many years
ugo and the salvage claims are not yet
settled. The Gowanbank met with* a
number of misfortunes, and now comes
the Cedarbank for her second experience.
OR, KUHLMAN DID
NOT GO TO JAIL
The Physician Refused
to Testify at an
Inquest.
A LEGAL TECHNICALITY.
He Would Not Answer the
Questions Put by Coroner
Hawkins.
NO LIGHT ON SONDERUP'S CASE.
Autopsy Physic'an Barrett's Micro
scopical £zaminatioa of Sonde
rup's Spinal Cord.
Dr. Charles Kuhlman was in the Coro
ner's office yesterday when Coroner
Hawkins resumed the inauest into the
death of Jens W. Sonderup. But the doc
tor refused positively to teatify. TUe re
sult was the inquest had to be adjourned
indefinitely, and Dr. Kuhlman was com
mitted to the County Jail for thirty days
for contempt. He smiled as t\e went away
with a Deputy Sheriff to the City Hall.
When called by the Coroner to the wit
ness-chair Dr. Kulilman hesitated.
"I would like to make a statement be
fore I proceed any further," ne said. "I
wish to state that I have simply come
here as a matter of courtesy to the office,
and inasmuch as I am advised and do
thoroughly believe that these proceedings
are unlawful, and in as much as I could
give no information beyond what is sat
forth in my death certificate, filed accord
ing to law, but as to what would be in the
nature of professional confidences, I re
spectfully decline to be sworn and tes
tify."
"Dr. Kuhlman, this is an inquest to de
termine whether or not a crime has been
committed in the City and County of San
Francisco, and your testimony is neces
sary. Now, I want your testimony in this
case, and for tbat reason you will have to
be sworn. Do you refuse to be sworn and
testify in this case?" asked Coroner Haw
kins.
"Yes; for the reasons I have set forth I
respectfully decline to be sworn," replied
Kuhlman.
"Dr. Kuhlman, for your said refusal you
are adjudged cuilty of contempt," was tbe
Coroner's rejoinder, "and sentenced to the
County Jail for tbe term of thirty days."
Dr. Kuhlman requested the shorthand
reporter to read his notes of the state
ment, whereupon a Deputy Sheriff took
Kuhlman in custody, and the jury was er
cused until called again by the Coroner.
Jens W, Sonderup was attended by Dr.
Kuhlman, who in the death certificate
stated that Sonderup died of ''progressive
traumatic cerebro-spinal ataxia and
paralysis." Thia certificate was not ac
cepted by the Health Department when
presented for a burial persnit, and tbe
Coroner was instructed to hold'an inquest
and autopsy. Dr. Barrett, the autopsy
physician, who made the post-mortem ex
amination, testified that Sonderup had
died of consumption. Sonderup's widow
then claimed that her husband's death
had resulted from injuries sustained in a
street railway accident on Kearny street.
Dr. Kuhlmnn corroborated her assertion,
but refused to give any information to tbe
Coroner.
For this refusal he was judged guilty of
contempt and sentenced to ten days in
the County Jail. His attorney took the
case tn the Superior Court on an appeal,
but on the eighth day the sentence was
confirmed and Dr. Kuhlman spent one
day and a half in jail.
Yesterday's proceedings were held to
give the physician an opportunity to tes
tify, but as he again refused, the Coroner
once more committed him for contempt.
Dr. Barrett stated yesterday that he had
made a microscopial examination of
Sonderup's brain and spinal cord, both of
which ho had saved in their entirety. In
endeavoring to detect if there was any
degeneration such as would indicate in
jury, or what Dr. Kuhlman gave as the
cause of death, he was unsuccessful. On
the contrary in bis search he found the
bacilli of tuberculosis in the dura.
Dr. Kuhlman and his attorney pro
ceeded from the Morgue to Judge Dain
gerfieid's court, where the case was con
sidered by the Judge.
The arguments indulged in were long
and tiresome. It took nearly three hours
to hear all there was to be said. When
the matter was finally submitted his
Honor summed up the whole matter by
saying that the Coroner's contention was
that he had a right to commit a man for
contempt upon his order being counter
signed by a Judge of the Superior Court.
It was found, however, that under sec
tion 19 of the Political Code the Coroner
has power to subpena any person whom
he believes to have some knowledge of a
matter under inquisition. In this case
the order of arrest did not show tbat the
Coroner believed Dr. Kuhlman had "this
knowledge, hence the doctor was dis
charged. _________„_____
"UNCLE GEORGE" IS WELL
The Venerable Bohemian Given
an Ovation at His
Club.
Li Hung Chang and Henry Irving
Apprised of His First Sick
ness.
"Uncle" George T. Bromley was back
again in Bohemia yesterday. That is, he
gave his old companions a most agreeable
surprise by rising as it were from the oros
tration of colic, caused by indulging too
freely in homo cooking, and appearing
one* more in the Bohemian Club. Uncle
George is himself again, and thereby hangs
a tale.
The Call published a week ago the fact
that Mr. Brom well was seized in the middle
of the night at a friend's summer home in
Belvedere with violent pains in his
stomach. For nearly three days the attack
continued without abatement, and then
the symptoms were alarming, so much so
indeed that at one time grave doubts
were entertained as to his recovery. But
then Uncle ueorge had youth and strength
on bis side, and in an incredibly short
time he was well again. To be sure he is
now very close to his eightieth birthday,
and this was Uncle George's first sicknesa.
Hts most intimate friends in the Bohe
mian CJub who saw him during his illness
at Belvedere said it almost frightened him
to death, but being one of the boya he
threw it off anyhow.
'•It will be a long time again until I get
sick, he remarked yesterday in the club
dining-room, and he looked wistfully at
the familiar menu and vowed that noth
ing would tempt him to stray away to a
mixture of deviled crab and "sliced pine
apple.
The Bohemians crowded around the
venerable comrade— the oldest and vet
youngest of them all. They (airly over
powered him with congratulations and
various ways of sxpressing delight at his
return. And Uncle George was never so
happy. He had a large pile of letters
written him by members of the Bohemian
Club while he was sick, and these he Uis
played with pride.
Incidentaly, as an illustration of how Mr.
Bromley is resarded all over the world, it
was remarked yesterday in the club that
conies of Tue Call containing an account
of his sudden illness were sent to all parts
of the civilized world. One copy was sent
to Li Hung Chang, the Chinese premier,
another to a distinguished official at Tien
tsin, China, and others to the Lamb
Club, New York, where Harry Gilly, Joe
Redding, Frank Unger, Ned Townsend and
other oju-time Bohemians patlier; also to
the Union League and the Lotus clubs of
New York; the Ritterhonae Club, Phila
delphia; the Union League and Calumet
Clubs, Chicago; tbe Boston Club, New Or
leans; Univer&ity Club, St. Louis; Butter
Olub, Sacramento, and the Jonathan Club
or Los Angeles. A marked copy went to
Henry Irving, Lyceum Theater, London,
and still more copiet to the antipodes,
to Japan, Honolulu, Paris, Liverpool and
Aylesbury, England; and one to South
Africa. In all these places are olub men
who have the warmest regard for Uncle
George.
The Han Bias' Passengers.
The Pacific Mail . Steamship Company'!
steamer San Bias, William H. McLean com
mander.arrlved Wednesday from Panama, hav
ing left that port on July 9. . Besides the fol
lowing cabin passengers there were 45 who.
cam* in the steerage: W. W. Zaotla, C. G.
Dubois, Dr. P,, McCord, M. J. Alvaraao, Jose
Arila, Carlos Perclra, Miguel Retes and family,
John flock, Mrs, Ella K. Giorlings, A. A. Oliver,
Miss Minnie Wirte, Miss Guadalupe Alvarado,
R. Haas, George Sorepsen, Mrs. E. B. Wey
mouth, • Ensign Spinny, Miss Annie ■ Wirte,
William H. Magee, H. H. Morehouse and
family.
. — • » • — .
Some Japanese magicians are so clever
that while smoking they are able to form
letters and short words with the smoke
that issues from their lips.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red Letter Days"
"Cheap" Furniture— Let It Alone!
If our prices seem too low for good Furni-
ture blame ■ Red Letter Days." ; The Furniture
is all right— kind we sell every day, and not
a single piece bought especially for the sale.
. To-day we want to tell you about Bedroom
Suits :
Everybody in San Francisco ought to know
by this time that there isn't a Bedroom Suit in
our store that you can buy and waste money
on. The cheapest Suit we have will give you
your moneys worth in service and looks.
Dainty We have men-
Mane tioned Bedroom
J* Sets before — you
Bedroom should know
Sets something of the
kind we sell by this time.
Like picture, made of j
dainty White Maple, daintier ~~" ~~^«hZ~ ' ' ' — '
carvings — hand-work, * 'ffcT^^^^'lfii
I r^^^T^n Jf/i I Ik
1% «M VIZ ■■'•'s>>: \ *¥' 11ll i"" (I J 
% ' f| h- -— I
- fs£» ■ i, n, mi . i ' \** :-*CV
J^ '........' i_ V ■ „ =
!J^ ;; - '•'-- '••'• - : - : .- " ■■'- '-" ■■ ■ *&* :/ • - ' *&" '
$35- $5° * s the regular
price — cheap at that.
Large Bureau, deep drawers, solid brass
handles; shaped French - plate Mirror,
deeply beveled; Washstand to match.
Cheaper? Of course; $11 —
if you must have that kind.
This list may give you an
idea :
Oak Bedroom Pet $10©— instead of $165
Oak Bedroom Set $85— instead of $130
Oak Bedroom Set $30 -instead of $50
Oak Bedroom Set $27— instead of ?40
Maple Bedroom Set. ..sllB— instead of $163
Marie Beflroom Set. .. $08— instead of $115
Maple Bedroom Set. .. $24— instead of $33
Curly Birch Bedroom Set
$125— instead of $180
Onrly Birch Bedroom Set
$51— instead of $70
Walnut Bedroom Set. slso— instead of $210
Unless you know the kind
of Furniture we sell these
reductions von't mean all
they should to you.
Good Furniture, quick
Prices.
California
Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & Co., Carpets , ,
1 1 7-1 2 1 Geary Street. & Dgi .
HIS MOTHER COMPLAINED
James Crowley, Painter, Ar
rested on the Charge of
Insanity.
He Says It Is a Scheme to Get
Possession of His Prop
erty.
An extraordinary case of the alleged
persecution of a son by his mother was
brought to light Wednesday and the facts
will be related to the Insanity Commis
sioners this morning.
James Crowley, a painter living at 1008
Pacific avenue, was arrested on tha com*
plaint of his mother, who charged him
with being insane. He was booked at the
City Prison and then taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where he was placed In a
padded cell.
Drs. Thompson an* Stice talked with
Crowley on different subjects for some
time and they were convinced that Crow
ley was in full possession of his senses.
In explanation of his arrest, Crowley
said that bis mother had for some time
been annoying him to deed over to he*
his property at 1608 Pacific avenue, where
he and his lamily of eleven children lived.
rie had refused to grant her request, and
ne supposed she had taken this means to
get him out of tba way so she could gain
possession of the property.
Attorney Hull, a friend of Crowiey,
laid the facts before Judge Dainge,ro.dd,
who went with him to tie hospital, and
after conversing a few minutes with the
prisoner the Judge released him on his
own recognisance.
Crowley is a brother of Dan Crowley,
tha wharfinger, and one of the best-known
politicians in the City.
Directors Ousted.
The petition of. Mrs. Eleanor L. White to
oust the directors of the American Composi
tion Pipe and Pile Armor Company was heard
by Judge Hebbard yesterday and the petition
granted. A stay of execution for ten days was,
however, allowed.
This Is the suit filed several days ago in
which ii was claimed that at & meeting of th«
stockholders ot the company sufficient shares
of stock were voted to unseat the present board
of directors, but that the president, by illegal
means, threw out enough vote* to retain him
self and fellow-directors in office.
Bedroom Bedroom Sets
Sets *° urn i ture P eo "
at Half ple are what; su "
at nan gar and coffee
V? , are to grocers —
Nearly staples ;no t a
fortune to be made on them.
We J vc altogether too
many expensive sets and are
going to use "Red Letter
Days" to get rid of a lot of
them.
No matter how "tight"
money is, people are not
going to see the finest sets
in the store marked at half,
or nearly, and not buy.
These, for instance :
The finest Oak Set in the
store, price $575, 2 pieces — •
$285 this week.
A 3-piece Mahogany Set
$145 instead of $245.
$100 for an Oak Set that
last week was $200.
And so on throughout the
store.
We can't go into details
here — call at the store for
that, and you're welcome,
910
A POPULIST ON
WATSON AND BRYAN
State Secretary Bush Speaks
for the "Middle of
the Road."
SAYS VOTE FOR WATSON
The Vital Issues of the Party
Mr. Bryan Refuses to
Discuss. . .
THE TIGER WILL BE SICE.
A Call to the Party to Stand by
Watson ana Save the Popu
list Cause.
There is a large majority in the Populist
party of California which is disgusted with
the action of the St. Louis convention and
which is not disposed to let the party be
wholly digested and assimilated by the
Democratic tiger.
They will stand by Watson for Vice-
President at least, as this is all that is left
to them. Most of the party leaders take
this stand. One of tnem is K. £. Bush,
secretary of the Populist State Central
Committee, who expresses his attitude in
the following manner:
If Watson, then Bryan. Let events come.
If Sewall should insist, and If Bryan should
continue to demand Sewall's indorsement, we, .
the Populists, may yet have a straight ticket.
Who knows but that the voters of tliis Nation
may- even elect and seat a Populist President
to succeed G (old) Cleveland?
The Great American Nation in the first cen
tury of its 'existence spoke four times; and
then spoke only in the thunder tones of war.
Must Americans always speak by bloodshed?
No, and in fact the votes of 1892 and 1894 are
merely the unsteady efforts of au aroused
people endeavoring to determine public poli
cies by displacing political administrations.
And the action of our National Convention in
naming Watson is an indication of a more di
rect control in the future by the people of
public policies through the initiative and
referendum.
There are those who prefer a straight ticket,
and for this reason a straight ticket was in
, our opinion the best preparation for an endur
ing public approval of the political demands
mentioned in our Omaha platform of 1896.
But our time as straight-gut Texans had not
come on July 25. Our time is now come,
fellow-Populists.
The fight is now on between greedy selfish
ness and hr.mau life. As individuals you and
I were lost in the great mass of citizens who
B waited the decision of that last convention.
But our party grows. Our duty ia upon us, a
burden, a responsibility greater than that
thrown at us by the Democrats of Chicago.
Remember you not their cry in public, "Here,
indorse our man, or you Populists by your re
fusal do endanger the cause ot silver?"" Now
wo Populists say •with the Southern delegates,
••Vote lor Watson, or you Democrats by refus
ing are endangering the cause of American
liberty." Who now says that Populists alone
are responsible for the election dr defeat of
MoKiniey? Are we in a majority? Were we
ever responsible alone?
A political party, unless it Is dead, is ahead
of its platform. A candidate is usually up to
his party and always should be abreast of his
platform. Mr. Bryan is reported to have said
that he will not discuss some of the issues in
the People's party platform of 1896. What ar«
these issues?
If it is true that the Democratic tiger has
swallowed Populist silver ideas will not the
tiger be torn to pieces when the silver fulmin
ate explodes by the idea of Government own
ership and operation of public utilities ?
Of course, Populists know that persona and
private corporations do business for private
gain and that taxes cannot be levied for pri
vate purposes directly. You know that public
corporations, like towns and school districts,
do collect taxes and do make a private profit
for their citizens. The large number oi cor
porations that are in politics are of anothar
sort. They are quasi-public corporations,
These not only make profit*, but they do so by
means of the backing they have from the Gov
ernment, which other citizens and other cor
porations do not have.
A private citizen cannot coin money or con
demn and take private property for his use.
If the Federal tax of 10 per cent per annum on
the issues of State banks were removed by Con
gress—as desired by many Democrats in
1894-95— numerous State banks would issue
bank currency, as they did before 186 G. Na
tional banks to-day issue such currency, aud
because oi the scarcity of money issued Dy the
General Government," this currency is and
would be used by the people in their daily
trade. Mr. Bryan stands on his platform in
opposition to thii bank money; but the Bank
ers' Association for years has been clamoring
for the complete control of the issuance of
money by the banks instead of the Govern
ment. The bankers point to the Clearing
house statistics to show that 92 per cent of the
business of the country is now done by bank
discounts and bills of exchange, etc., ana argue
that the banks should be given full control ot
the issuance of the money. In a negative way
the banks, through the scarcity of money and
their endeavor to keep it scarce, are using the
power to coin money for the gain of their stock
holders. Therefore the discount cnarged by
the bank is virtually a tax for private purposes.
The issuance of National money is one of
the most important of public utilities. Taxes
are paid in money. There must be a sufficient
amount of money provided by the Government
for the use of its citizens in business, whereby
the citizen may labor without hindrance or
discount nnd from the results of his labor pay
his tax. See section 3 of the Populist plank
on finance. Will Mr. Bryau discuss this ques
tion ?
But the greater number of quasi-public cor
porations are engaged in providing the public
with gas, water, electricity, fares, freights
and telegrams and phones. All of these cor
porations are run for gain and all depend upon
their power to condemn their right of way
and their privilege of fixing their rates so as
to earn a good dividend. Tnese corporations
are in politics to protect their special privi
leges. As Benton said of the National bank of
his time, "You cannot bell that cat." And
like that old bank these corporations by vari
ous means escape taxation, tan these modern
corporations be controlled at all except by
ownership and operation by either city, county
State or Nation? Will Mr. Bryan discuss this
issue? His-very refusal to discuss the ques
tion of taxation for private gain will lead to a
full discussion thereof.
Populists know that "the power to tax is the
power to destroy," and the most hideous tax
Is an indirect tax. Populists know that the
Government can control only what it owns
not what owns it. Therefore be ye ready for a
straig-.t campaign on basic principles. If
Watson, ibeu Bryan.
Onr Populist Yke-President is not a nonen
tity. Watson stands for Populism, and Pop
ulism stands for the 12,003,4. " fr.miiies in the
Dnitod States whose yearly incomes are mirier
$3<KK> (see Arena, pege 6UO, March, 1896).
Wat*on announces that he drill not withdiaw.
Says he:
"if Mr. Bryan (and the Democracy) did not
want our support Senator Jones had no busi
ne- i.t St. Louis. If the Democrats (and Mr,
Re\Yall)are so unreasonabl" as to refuse us
Populists of the South (and elsewhere) any
recognition at all, tnat fact would show that
th« real purpose of the apparent adoption of
our lirinciples is to kill our party and not to
enact those principles into the law "
July 29, 1890^ R. E. Btoh.
A GIFT IN V IEW OF DEATH.
Judge Coffey's Decision as to What
31ake« It Legal.
In passing on the case of the estate of
Patrick Curtis vs. Reddy, Judge Coffey
yesterday rendered a decision as to what
constitutes "donatio causa mortis" — a gift
in view of death.
His Honor said that in order for such a
giit to be valid, live conditions must ob
tain — first, the gift must be made with a
view to the donor's death; second, the
donor must die of the present ailment;
third, there must be an actual delivery to
the donee; fourt'-, there must bean ac
ceptance of the gift; iifth, all the elements
must concur or transpire during the iile
time of the <ionor.
Judge Coffey also said, however, that
the irobate Court had no jurisdiction or
power to decide a question of title to prop
erty in a proceeding of this kind.
The application of the plaintiff was
therefore denied and the citation dis
missed.
MAIL LIMIT REVISED.
Weight of Fourth- Class Matter In
Finally Fixed at Four
Pounds.
Postmaster McCoppin was yesterday no
tified by the department at Washington
that in future fourth-class mail matter
must not exceed four pounds in weight.
The ruling is retarded as an important
one for the reason that heretofore printed
or written official matter regardlem of
weight has been accepted at the various
offices. The circular of the Postmaster-
General reads as follows:
Section 320, Postal Laws and Regulations, is
hereby amended in accordance with the pro
visions of the act of Congress approved June
8, 1896, to read as follows:
lli at mailable mutter of the fourth class shall
embrtce all matter not embraced in the first, sec
ond or third class which Is not in its form or na
ture liable to destroy, deface or otherwise damage
the contents of the mail bag or harm the person of
any one engaged in the postal service, and Is not
above the weight provided by law, which is hereby
declared to i«- no: exceeding four pounds for each
package thereof, except in case of single books
weighing in excess of tnat amount, and except for
books and documents punlisue or circulated by
ord>-r of Congress, or printed or written official
matter emanating from any of the departments of
the Government or from the Smithsonian Insti
tution, or which is not declared unmailable under
the provisions of section 3893 of the Uevlsed
Statutes as amended by the act of July 12, 187tf,
or matter appertaining to lotteries, gift concerts or
fraudulent schemes or devices.
Postmasters, except at the City of Washing
ton. D. C, are instructed to decline to accept
for mailing packages offered to them weighing
in excess of the limit provided by law, whethet
such packages are presented as free matter by
officers oi the Government, under the penalty
label, or prepaid as third or fourth class mat
ter.
The limit of weight does not apply to second
class matter mailed at the pound rate of post
age, or at the rate of one cent for eacfl four
ounces, nor will it be enforced at present
against matter fully prepaid with postage
stamps affixed at the first-class (letter) rate of
postage.
Special instructions will be Issued to the
postmaster at Washington, D. C.
William L. Wilson, Postmaster-GeneraL
A NEW TRANSFER POINT.
Western Addition and Kearny
Street Cars Exchange Pas
sengers.
The Change Will Take Effect on Satur
day and Many Will Be Bene
fited.
Over a year ago the officers and mem
bers of the Merchants' Association peti
tioned General Manager Vining of the
Market-street Railway Company to issue
transfers to its patrons on several of the
large street-car lines. Several committees
from the association called upon the man
ager, and in several instances they ob
tained con sessions at new transfer points.
Wednesday another concession was ob
tained from the general manager which
will be hailed with pleasure by large num
bers living in the Western Addition and
the Mission. The following letter from
Mr. Vining is self-explanatory:
San Fbancisco. July 28, 1896.
Merchants' Atsociatiun, Mills Building, City:
Gentlemen— We wili, on August 1, commence
a trial of tne plan suggested by your associa
tion of giving transfers from eastbound Sacra
mento and Jackson-street cars to southbound
cars of the two electric lines running upon
Kearny street, aid also giving transfers from
nortnbound cars of said electric lines to west
bound Sacramento and Jackson-street cars;
subject, however, to the provision that passen
gers traveling on the Sacramento and Jackson-
Ftreet lines, upon transiers received from
northbound connecting cars, will not be given
transfers to southbound connecting cars.
This last mentioned provision seems to be
the only practicable means by which the mak
ing of round trips for a single fare can be pre
vented; and as Kearny and Powell street have
only two streets between them we believe that
it will be practicable for our conductors to en
force this provision without rf quiring, as it
is necessary to do upon our Filimore-stroet
line, that transfers shall be issued only at the
time when the fare is settled for.
As stated in previous correspondence, we
have been very anxious to comply with the
wishes of your association upon the subject.
It was unfortunately the case, when the
matter was first presented for consideration,
that the traffic in transfers then existing con
stituted so grave a difficulty as to make it im
possible for us at that time to comply with
your request.
Now that the attention of the public has
been called to this evil and it has been so
strongly condemned by public opinion as to
lead to the enactment of an ordinance making
the traffic in transfers illegal, we believe that
the situation hus been so grently improved
that we can cow adopt the above-mentioned
change with advantage to all concerned.
With pleasure that we are now able, as above
stated, to comply with'your request, 1 remain
as ever, yours sincerely,
E. P. Vncnra, Genpral Manager.
In acknowledging the favor the associa
tion's letter stated:
These additional transfer facilities will cer
tainly be of great benefit to and much ap
preciated by the merchants on Kearny street
as well as the residents of the Western Ad
dition, and. no doubt, by the public in general
and we hope the trial will prove so satisfactory
to all concerned that the service will be
permanent
In order that the traveling public may
not make a mistake one sentence in Mr.
Vining's letter requires explanation. Pas
sengers traveling on the Sacramento and
Jackson street lines on transfers issned on
the Mission or Third street electric cars on
Kearny street will not be given transfers
to the Powell-street cable-cars bound
south nor to the Fillmore electric line
bound to the Mission. This is to prevent
people from boarding a Mission-street car
and riding to Powell or Fillmore retrans
fering so as to reach Nf arket street or the
Mission on one fare, or, in other words
riding around the loop.
The Merchants' Association officers are
in hopes that before lon-: transfers will be
issued between the Market and Kearny
street lines.
A DOG THAT HOWLS.
Edwin Mohrig , Proprietor of a Cyclery,
Arrested for Maintaining a
Nniinnce.
Edwin Mohrig, proprietor of a cyolery
at 110 Golden G»te avenue, was arrested
Wednesday afternoon on a warrant charg
ing him with maintaining a nuisance.
He at once cave $40 cash bail.
Mohrig owns a dog which he keeps in
the cyciery and numerous complaints
were received by the police from residents
on Jones street and the avenue near the
cyclery about the howling of the animal.
They declared they could not sleep at
night and when they complained to Mr.
Mohrig he told them he had a perfect
right to keep a dog if he felt so inclined,
and refused to take it away from the
cyclery.
Policeman Connolly was detailed to in
duce Mohrig to stop the howling nuisance,
but Mohrig told him he would stand on
his rights as a citizen and taxpayer to
keep a dog or a dozen dogs.
As the police could not compel Moh rig
to part with his dog M. Marcom, 117
Jones street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan s court yesterday charging
him with maintaining a nuisance. Own
ers of dogs will watch the result with
interest.
Suit for I>araag«i.
Pmkus Harris, father of Benjamin Harris,
the niessanger-boy who was kUed tome time
ago by failing down the elevator t-Liaft of a
building at the corner of Stockton street and
Btockton place, has sued William F. Wilson
and Charlei L. Taylor, owners of the building
whtire thu accident occurred, ior $50,000 dam
ages, alleging thnt it was because of careless
ness on the part of their employes that the boy
was killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
OLYMPIC CLUB
BOXING NIGHT,
Corbett Will Referee the
Bouts Outside the
Ring.
CLINCHING IS BARRED.
Van Buskirk's Future Depends
on the Result of His "Go"
With Davis,
SEATS WILL NOT BE RESERVED.
McArthur Will M^ke His Debut as a
Professional Against
Green.
The Olympic Club gymnasium will be
taxed this evening with the patrons of
tistic sports who are eager to see the con-
Some of the Professional Pugilists Who WHI Box at the Olympic Club
Entertainment lhis hvening.
[Drawn from photographs.}
tests between pugilists of all sizes and !
weights.
Tic" ts have been selling so rapidly that |
Director Short is of the opinion that the
sale will have to be closed early this even
ing, as only those who can be accommo- |
dated with seats will be permitted to en- |
ter within the build in l-. Seats will not be I
reserved for any person, and as a conse
quence those first in will be first served.
The performance will commence promptly
at 8 o'clock with an eight-round contest
between Rochette and Butler.
Superintendent Kennedy and some of
the directors, with a physician, visited the
pugilists at their respective training quar
ters yesterday, and found them in splen
did condition. Davis has trained with a
view of winning this fight ; he has stated
positively that it will be his last. He is in
straitened circumstances, and realizes that
defeat will mean to him hard walking be
tween this City and Omaha.
Van Buskirk, his opponent, is so confi
dent of winning that he has been gambling
on himself. He thinks that a good blow
on the neck will send Davis to the happy
dreaming grounds, and as the Omaha man
is easily stunned from a jaw or neck blow.
Van Buskirk will enter the ring confident
of packing away the long end of the purse. !
If he proves successful he will be offend
good inducements to meet Jeffries, the
big Los Angeles pugilist, in a ten-round
bout.
Referee Corbett, who will be seated on
the outsile of the ring, says that he will
instruct the contestants before they enter
into a fistic argument that when he orders
them to break away they must do so im
mediately, and that the fighter who will
persist in holding on will be ordered out of
the ring and the fight declared against
him.
Corbett says further that as the contests
will be under Queensberry rules a pugilist {
can hold an opponent with one hand and |
hit with the other. This rule is not satis- I
factory to the directors of the club and in
all probability they will instruct Corbett
and the boxers this evening that clinch
ing of any description will net be tolerated
and that the contestants must "break"
when so oidered by the referee, or other
wise leave the ring.
Corbett has no favorites among the \
pugilists who are slated to appear inside
the rubber-roped square and according to
his own words, the contestants who will
put up the best fight will be awarded a
favorable decision.
McArthur and Green will certainly show
up well. This will be McArthur's first ap
pearance as a professional pugilist and his
many friends are anxious to see hew he
will acquit himself in front of the sturdy
young fellow whom Champion Corbett
predicted a few years ago would be a
champion of the class he represents.
Rochette and Butler will not dally on
the wayside as they are representatives of
a fraternity of fighters who believe in !
rushing things and getting through with |
their work us early as possible. Mahoney I
and Smith are so exceedingly clever that
it would not be safe for any judge of fight
ers to venture a prediction as to which of
the bantams will take the long end of the
creen. Smith is stronger than Mahoney
and having an advantage in being several
years younger than his opponent the bet
ting in the poolrooms favors the ex-ama
teur champion bantam.
Among the large gathering that will
witness the contests will be officers of the
army and navy and many prominent citi
zens who have already purchased tickets
for the entertainment.
CHECKING THE BOOKS.
The Acts of Ex-Superintendent Weaver
of the Alnishcuse Still Under*
i ;■ Investigation.
Though P. L. Weaver has not occupied
the position . of Superintendent of , the
Almshouse for some time, having been
removed by the Board of Health after a
long investigation, his acts while in power
are still under scrutiny, and for some time
past Superintendent Reddy and members
of the board have been engaged in check
ing up the books of the institution. "
This action - was * the outgrowth -of • a
rumor that reached the board that just
prior to bis removal Mr. Weaver sold a
large amount of : junk that bad accumu
lated about the place and failed to turn in
the money received from the sale. ■
A junk-dealer at Twelth and Mission :
streets, who > had bought an old boiler for
$5 and a quantity of scrapiron and other
old metal for $18 more was unearthed, and
his books record the fact that he had pur
chased the stuff from the Almshouse.
It was said that other materials bad been
sold to various other dealers, but thus far
this statement has not been verified.
The amounts the junk man claims fo
have paid for t. c refuse metal have not yet
been lound entereit in the books, and the
ex-Superintendent will be asked to pro
duce some record or proof that he turned
the money over to the proper authority.
Jailed for Contempt.
R. P. Merillion, whom Judge Hebbard a few
days ago fined $100 and sentenced to two days
in jail for contempt of court, yesterday paid his
fine, having completed the service of the term
of imprisonment.
OUT FOR SOUND MONEY
Railroad Men Urged to Combine
in the Interests oi Commer
cial Prosperity.
Mine-Owners Said to Be at the Bottom
of the " Silyer M?dness " Rising in
the West and South.
Sound-money clubs are beine organized
among the railroad men <tt ti,is City. They
will be part of a central organization,
which will have branches in every town
where there are a sufficient number of
railroad men to form an auxiliary body.
The work of organization is now going
on simultaneously all over the United
States in response to the following appeal
sent to every railroad employe in the
country:
You have before you an opportunity such as
has rarely been given to any class of men in
history— the opportunity to be the controlling
influence in saving your country.
There is no State in the Union In which, if
you vote as a unit, you cannot turn the scale
in any ordinary election. In the present crisis
it resU with you to oppose a solid front— a bul
wark of reason and of patriotism— to the flood
of free-silver madness which is rising in tne
Western and Southern States.
What interest have you in helping thoso
who, blinded and led astray as they are. pro
pose to raid tne treasury and bankrupt the
Nation only to make our mine-owners wealthy? !
Certain classes may not care what wreck
may come to the country's commerce if only
they can get cheap dollars for their crops.
The miner may be willing to see the United
btatessink to the rank of a third-class power,
bankrupt and dishonored, if only the output
of his mines be doubled in value uFhim.
But what is this to you? Your interests are
Dound up with the permanence of our com
mercial wosperity. For your honest work you
want— and have a right to get— your pay in
honest dollars. What will you profit by a de
pression in wages and an increase in all that
your wages hav.e to buy ? Do you want to gei
your pay in dollars worth 50 cents apiece?
Therefore, organize! This Is no question of
Republican or Democrat, but of your own pro
tection as wage-earners. Orcanlze "for the
preservation of sound money— in defense of
your own wages— in support of the country's
prosperity and the country's honor!
At every yhop and every division point on
every railway in the country there must bo a
Railway Men's Sound Money Club. If you,
who read this, are personally willing to take
hold of the work of organization in your local- !
ny and the work of educating your fellows for
ihelr and your own benefit, write to the Kail
way Age, Chicago. Until the central organiza
tion oft he Railway Men's Sound Money Clubs
is perfected, we will send you all the informa
tion and literature you require, free.
Let railway men of every class act together.
it is as noble a cause as ever man put bis hand
to. Organize now and work, and when Novem
ber comes and free silver is defeated, the
people will know that the railway men did
their part nobly for the country's salvation.
Wants to Be a Trader.
Rebecca Slugerman has petitioned the Su
perior Court for permission to become a sole
trader. She .alleges that her husband by
reason of a lack of business ability is unable to
support her, and that she therefore desires to
f?™ r « the clo 'hing business on a capital of
$1000, earned by herself before her marriage.
LOOKS BAD FOR
PRIVATE KELLY,
His Preliminary Examina
tion for Murder Con
tinued.
DAMAGING TESTIMONY.
Several Witnesses Saw the
Defendant With a Razor
in His Hand.
SOME TELLTALE BLOODSTAINS
The Hearing Will Be Resumed This
Morning When C pain Vojdes
Will Be Examined.
The preliminary examination of Private
James Kelly of Battery E, Fifth Artillery,
charged with the murder of Private
Joseph E. Quinn at Fort Mason on Friday
night, July 10, was continued before
Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon.
Prosecuting Attorney Mogan conducted
the prosecution, and R. Porter Ashe and
Attorney Runcil, an ex-army officer, ap
peared for the defendant.
Private Harry Mills testified that he
was in company with both Kelly and
Quinn on the night of the murder. About
8 o'clock he had a tussle with Quinn on
the parade-ground. Several others were
there, but he did not know if Kelly was
one of them.
"I then went toward the canteen," con
tinued Mills, "and Quinn followed me and
wanted me to fight him. I declined and
went into the canteen. About a quarter
to 11 o'clock a lot of us were in the can
teen, Coleman, Sullivan, Quinn, Kelly,
Kampschmidt, Whalen and others.
Quinn was still in a fighting humor and
wanted to fight me some rounds for the
benefit of the canteen. I told him that I
would not fight within the fort, but if he
had some money to put up I would meet
him downtown.
"The canteen sergeant began putting
out the lights and we all left. I was the
first to leave and Quinn was alongside of
me. When we got about hhlf way between
the canteen and the squa<lroora Quinn
struck me on the chin.Jknocking me down,
and I remembered no more. When I
came to my senses I made for the guard
bouse to get protection, as I was afraid of
Quinn.
"I saw Kelly that night with a razor in
his hand. It had a dark handle. We
were in the canteen at the time, and Kelly
said that if any one followed him up and
bulldozed him he would be apt to use the
razor."
In cross-examination Mills said: "What
started the row between Quinn and myself
was this. We were playing craps and I
had won about $2 50. Quinn got angry at
losing and refused to give me $1 I had
won. When he struck me on the chin
and knocked me down he must have had
something in his hand."
Dr. (i. M. Wells, the post surgeon, was
an interesting witness. He had written
everything down to the minutest detail,
and he gave his evidence in the same
methodical manner.
"I first saw Kelly," said the doctor, "be
tween 11 and 11:30 in his bunk on the
night of the murder. The commanding
officer was with me. Kelly opened his
eyes, looked up at me, turned on his left
side toward the wall, shrugged his shoul
der, and pulled the cover over him. Noth
ing was said to him at that time. We saw
him later in the same bunk. We searched
the bedding for weapons, but found none.
I saw, however, bloodstains on both of
; Kelly's hands; one stain between the fin
i gers was about two inches long. I asked
him how the stains came there and he
said he did not know.
"The commanding officer then ordered
Kelly to be placed in confinement and he
suddenly changed his appearance and
acted as if he were stupid from drink."
The doctor then described the natu.p of
Quinn's wound and how he picked up the
razor, which he identified from blood
stains on both sides of the blade and on
the handle and from other marks. He
also identified Kelly's nat and cap, both
of which were stained with blood.
In cross-examination the doctor ad
mitted that none of the other occupants
of the bunks were examined, but a soldier
was examined in the guardhouse.
Corporal James Collins testified to see
ing Kelly in his bunk when Dr. Wells was
examining his hands. He saw the blood
stains and heard Kelly say he did not
know how they got there. Collins iden
tified the razor an one he had given Kelly
about a year ago in exchange for another. |
In cross-examination he said he would ■
not swear positively it was the razor, as \
he had made no marks upon it, but he was |
morally certain it was the same.
Sergeant Winfield Smith, who was in;
charge of the canteen, testified to seeing
Kolly in the canteen with a razor in his
hand talking to Mills, but he could not
identify the razor.
Private E. F. Merriman was in his bunk
and about 10 minutes to 11 he heard
a row outside. He jumped out of bed ana '
went on the porch. Just then Kelly '
came running np the steps without his
hat or coat and went into the sqnadroom. '<
"I went over," continued Merriman, I
"and saw Quinn iyingnear the lamp post. !
Wheeler was beside him and O'Donnell j
was holding his head. I beard Quinn say
that his jugular had been cat and he was a
goner. I ran to the guardhouse and noti
fied the officer that a fellow had been cut.
Then I went and put on my clothes and I
hurried to Dr. Wells."
Private Michael J. Coleman testified that
about a fraction of a minute after Quinn
was cut he saw Keily hurrying toward
the squad room. Privates Cornelius Sul
livan and Henry Kampschraidt gave un
important testimony and the hearing was
continued till this morning when Captain
Vogdes and two or three ottier witnesses I
will be examined.
It is understood that the defense will re
serve its testimony till the trial in the
Superior Court.
The Tribble Investigation Postponed. !
More testimony was heard yesterday in the
case of Captain Tribble, who is on trial before
the United States Inspector of Hulls and Boil
ers charged with negligence in handling the
ferry-boat San Rafael. On the Issue depends
Captain Tribble's license as a pilot. The de
fense produced a number of witnesses who
were of the opinion that the San Rafael kept a
straight course, and thought the captaiu of
the TiDuron ti blame for the narrowly averted
accident. No witnesses for the prosecution
were on hand, but Captain White of the Ti
buron promised to have a number on hand
next Monday, If the case was continued until
that time. Supervising Inspector Bermingham
then postponed further hearing until the day
named.
SPECIAL TAXPAYERS.
The Thirty Days' Once Allowed by
Collector Welburn Expires To-
Day— Many Delinquents.
The special taxpayers who have not vis
ited the office of the Internal Revenue
Collector during the oast thirty days will
find the doors closed to them after 3 o'clock
this afternoon. This means a fine of 50
per cent on the tax imposed.
There are 11,000 special taxpayers in Col
lector Welburn's district. Up to yester
day noon there still remained 1100 de
linquents, and it is not probable that more
than half that number will settle before
the conclusion of to-day's business. The
tax is really due July 1, but Collector
Welburn generally gives thirty days'
grace.
Chief Deputy Loupe says that, beginning
next Monday, special deputies will make
a house-to-house cauvass. There are al
ways a few, he says, who are willing to
risk a fine of 50 per cent, in the hope that
they can beat the Government out of ti e
principal. The number who •ultimately
escape, however, are very few.
SINGLE-TAX ERS ACTIVE.
Are Arranging for a Series of " Dela
ware " Meeting*.
Local Singie-taxers ' are arranging for a
series of "Delaware" meetings to be held
in various parts of the State. To-mor
row evening a meeting will be held in
Oakland at Hamilton Hall, at which Con
gressman Maguire, Ralph E. Hoyt and
others will speak. . A similar meeting will
be held at San Rafael, probably on Thurs
day of next week. . Meetings will also be
arranged for in San Jose, Santa Rosa and
Sacramento. . .
.At the "Delaware" meeting to be held
in this City at Metropolitan Temple next
Monday evening Ralph E. Hoyt will re
late his "Personal Experiences in the
Delaware Campaign," and Congressman
Maguire will speak on "Industrial Eman
cipation." Besides these there will be
other eloquent speakers who will speak
briefly upon the various phases of the sin
gle-tax propaganda.
FRED GARCIA'S TROUBLES
He Is Arrested in Contra Costa
County on a Bench
Warrant.
His First Wife Determined to Make
Him Support Her and Her
Five Children.
Fred Garcia, ex-depaty marshal of Sau
salito, was locked up in the City Prison
yesterday on a bench warrant issned by
Judge Campbell some time ago.
Garcia's matrimonial ventures have al
ready been published. Three or four years
ano Garcia eloped with the daughter of a
neighboring rancher in the northern part
of the State, deserting his wife and five
children. The deserted wife struggled
along for some time and then came to the
City with her children and worked hard
to support them.
She did not learn till last May of her
husband's whereabouts. She went to
Sausalito and found that he had married
the girl he had eloped with. She told him
she did not want to prosecute nim for
bigamy, but insisted that he should con- I
tribute $20 per month for the support of
his family. Garcia refused and she placed
the case in the "hands of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
He was arrested on the charge of cruelty
to children and was released on his own
recognizance on his promise that be
would pay his wife the $20 per month. He
paid the first installment and then dis
appeared.
A few days aeo a friend of Mrs. Garcia
notified her that her husband was living
with bis second wife at Lafayette, Contra
Costa County. She consulted the officers
of the society and the result was Judge
Campbell issued the bencn warrant for
Garcia's arrest.
Constable Thompson of Lafayette ar
rested him on Wednesday and yesterday
morning he was locked up in the City
Prison. The second Mrs. Garcia, with her
child, arrived in the City yesterday morn
ing and visited him in prison. She de
clared her intention of standing by him.
Garcia declined to discuss his troubles, |
but hinted that they would be of short
duration. _^______________
OUTSIDE IMPROVEMENTS
General Activity Noticeable in
Western and Southern
Sections.
Ridley Street Has Been Cut
Through Market-Street
Hill
-Outside of the commercial center of San
Francisco there is what may be termed a
revival in the line of steady improvements.
Several new dwellings have been erected
and others are about; to be erected in the
near future. . Besides those the street work
is going ahead in a quiet and steady man
ner, with a push that means that prop
erty-owners have not lost hope in the fu
ture of the Queen City of the Pacific.
, The contract for the further bituminiz
injs of Folsom street, from Sixth to Third, j
has been let to A. B. Clute, and this work I
will be commenced at once and pushed to j
a finish. From an 'unsightly, uneven,
shunned . thoroughfare this street-has now j
become the favorite roadway for the Mis
sion residents, either on the bicycle or in !
the wagon.
; The next movement to be made on this ;
line will be to have the street" lighted by '
electricity. * |
The executive committee of the Mission
Improvement Club . has prepared . figures"!
to show that the substitution of electricity
for the gas now used on Folsom street ■
would result in sat saving of 29 cents per I
night in the lighting of each block.
, The Potrero section is continually being I
improved, and since the Potrero Land and
Improvement 'Company commenced its !
gigantic work of removing Bluerock Hill
several neat dwellings have dotted the
hillside. Ihe latest building in this sec
tion is that of Cornel inn Jacobsen who
is having a two-story flat built ;on his lot
on the north line of Sierra street, between :
«Q^? ?. ta and Tennessee. .This will cost
13500. - ; Contractor Davis is just .complet- '
ing « five-room cottaee on the east line of i
Minnesota street between Twenty-first
r c d os^rS? C ° nd ' fOr Charl69 Wer, 2 |
jj The southwest section of the City is not !
if " m the line of Movements .Rid??*
Vm^^ (f l CUt ' throU 6 h th « Market !
?nt ' %^at 33 u nown as the Market-street
cut. Right in, the center of this unsightly
hump nut west of the Spring V*allev j
Water Company's reservoir is where tons
rl^ 6 r ° ck ha ™ been quarned out and
hauled away to nil in H what had be ™
Ch.aese vegetable gardens at the base of
II F«,E rOD H ° f th « G "man Hospital
All this land ? ba9 ' been ' reclaimed and
streets rUn through it and neat dwellings ;
erected. • ., _ ;. • ,*■;■ ~k r **
: Architect and Builder W. W. Rednall,
who has the contract for the new branch
postoffice at. Fillmore and Sacramento
streets, is building three neat cottages on
Enreka and Nineteenth streets for H. M.
Cashman, J. J. Bradley and J. F. Bohem,
the collective cost of wninh is $4500.
Fifteenth street from Market to the base
of Par* Hill has been bitumihized, curbed
and sidewalked, making it a first-class
thoroughfare.
"WELL, GOOD-BY, BOYS."
With This Parting Salute William
Wyman Sends a Ballet Through
His Brain.
William H. Wyman, a collector for the
Bell Telephone Company, . committed
suicide' yesterday afternoon by sending a
bullet through his brain. He had been
drinking heavily of late, but so far as
known was not pecuniarily embarrassed.
About 2 o'clock Wyman walked into the
grocery-store of J. H. C. Baden, Fell and
Devisadero streets, and after passing a
few pleasant words with the proprietor
and one or two others present passed into
a rear room. After a moment or so ha
came back to the door saying, "Well, good
h y. boys." A second later the fatal shot
was fired, followed by a heavy fall. When
Baden and bis companions reached the
room Wyman was dead.
The suicide was a brother-in-law of At
torney George A. Knight. Up to twelve
months ago he was a reporter on one of
the daily papers of this City, but since
then has served the telephone company
in the capacity of a collector. He was
well known about town and was generally
liked. Wyman's body was removed to
the Morgue, where an iuquest will be helil
to-day.
I"o th« Asylum.
Judge Hebbard yesterday committed Adolph
Etseuschimel to the Ukiah asylum. The
prisoner is possessed of a suicidal mauia and is
afraid of being seen.
NEW TO-DAY.
1
The Power
of Manhood.
WHEN YOU LOSE THAT
power you have lost all
the best , of life. T;iere is a
charm gone from your exist-
ence, and you miss it more than
anything else.' -^^ ■
But when you regain it after
years of incapacity your heart
will leap with joy — then the
bright spirit will shine forth in
your eye, and the happy smile
in your countenance will tell
your acquaintances that you
have found a new existence.
Then you meet your friends
with the strong clasp of the
hand and the look of confidence
which tell them that "here is
the new-born man."
: Your every action bespeaks
new manhood. You are then a
i better man physically and men-
tally -. than if you had never,
known weakness.
■ "You can say that I was
nearly a wreck in every way,
but I am now a better man than
I ever thought of being," says
L. L. Jaccard, the Jeweler, of
j San Leandro, Cal., after using
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Some men feel that they are
not weak, though they are : not
what they might be in manlyi
vigor had they not lightly trans-
gressed the laws of Nature.
These are just the ones who
most appreciate the value of Dr.
Sanden's Belt. In a few weeks
they learn that it can make them
twice as strong as they were.
'"Before I began using your
Belt I thought there was not
much the matter with me, but
'■after using it a month I have
found the value of good health,
I says Wm. Simpson, Goleta, Cal.'
Electricity is wonderful in its
etrengthening influence. Your
vitality seems to grow stronger
and more buoyant every day.
There seems no limit to your
Oergies. You can do twice the
amount of work you formerly]
could, and not get weary.
"I can do as much work as
any two men now," says L,
C. Minzard, Napa, Cal.
Words cannot tell of the
gratitude felt by the men
who have been restored to man-
hood by Dr. , Sanden's Electrio
Belt. Will.you become: one ot
its happy patients ? You can
learn how great has been, its
good work by reading the little
book, "Three Classes of : Men,"
which Dr. Sanden will send you
free, closely sealed, on request.
Call or address
SANDEN hLECTRIC co.,
::' 830 • Market Street, San Francises,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office bours; ~4 a. v. la
8:30 p. m.' Sundays, 10 to 1. ■
•-'ontuitailon Krt'e »nd Invited. ■ '•
~ , __ OFFICES AT:
.LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND. OR..
*>* boutii Broadway. | 253 Washington strait.CHAIRMAN ALFORD
OUT FOR FUSION,
The Democratic State Leader
Will Wire Jones About
It To-Day.
WOULD DIVIDE ELECTORS
Mr. Alford Returns to Halt in
Naming the Advisory
Committee.
DETJPREY MAY BE CHAIKMAN.
The State Campaign Will Open as
Soon as That Vice-Presidential
Mess Is Settled.
W, H. Aiford, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, returned
to the city yesterday from his home in Vi
salia prepared to remain during the cam
paign, and to start the Democratic State
machine.
He brought along tne roll of the advis
ory committee as the State campaign com
mittee is termed, but he did not make
public his appointments. The list as he I
had made it out with much meditation at
home, he showed to a few leading Demo
crats with tbe unavoidable result that he
became perplexed.
It is no floral carnival for any State
chairman when he has such a committee
to appoint and Mr. Alford will to-day suf
fer a continuation of the palls and good
advice which began yesterday. Gavin Mc-
Nab's political wisdom is especially at Mr.
Alford's disposal as is that of other Junta
leaders.
Gavin McXab is generally expected to
be the busiest and most influential boss
around the State machine during this
campaign, and he will endeavor to see
that improper persons are not given recog
nition, the improper perwns being any
body opposed to the local rule of the
Junta. Mr. McNab has the advantage of
being the author of Mr. Alford'a political
position as the State leader of the party.
It was AJcNab who "thought up" Mr.
Alford fbr the chairmanship, surprised
that gentleman with an offer of the place,
and then accomplished the easy job of
getting him elected. Hence McNab is
expected to receive consideration.
Chairman Alford was given power to
name a committee of any size be pleased
and to go outside of tbe State Central
Committee for some of his appointees.
He said last night that tbe committee
would number twenty-five and that about
fifteen would be members of the State
Central Committe.
"I will probably be ready to-morrow
night to annoance the advisory, legisla
tive and literary committees." said Mr.
Alford last night at the California, where
he stays. "I will probably appoint the
secretary a day or two later."
It was rumored last night that Eugene
N. Deuprey will b? named at chairman of
the advisory committee, and that there
will not be a gold man or a Huckleyite on
the list. The State headquarters in the
California Hotel are now open daily.
Chairman Alford is hot for fusion with
the Populists, and is willing to trade off
almost anything for a chance that the
Democrats may win something here and
there. He is going to telegraph to-day to
National Chairman Jones for advice and
for tips on how the Sewall-Wataon com
plication is likely to come out.
"I think that an arrangement with the
Station F, Which Will Be Built on the Northeast Corner of Fillmore and Sacra
mento Streets.
[From a drawing by W. W. Rednall, architect and builder.]
Populists can be effected, if it is necessary
to effect it," said Mr. Alford. "I will
telegraph to Senator Jones, our National
chairman, to-morrow and find if he hRs
any plan.
"I think that it is desirable that the
party nationally move in harmony. I
have talked with many Populists in tbe
Ban Joaquin Valley and they are very
willing to nave the matter harmonized on
reasonable terms. There seems to be a
universal demand among them that Mr.
Watson shall stay on tbe ticket.
'•If for any reason it should transpire
that the National committees of both
parties are unable to effect a satisfactory
compromise I shall be in favor of effecting
one in California anyway, and I have no
doubt that it can be done. In that event,
and if both Sewall and "Watson remain on
the tickets, I suppose the only basis
would be a division of the electors in pro
portion to tbe party vote at the last elec
tion. No, I think there would be little
trouble in inducing the nominees on both
tickets to resign.
"There Has been some talk of fusion in
some districts on Congressional and legis
lative candidates, and I think such
arrangements are not impossible iv some
places.
"We are going to make an aggressive
campaign, and it will be begun as soon as
t^he Vice-Presidential matter is nettled.
We will make silver the only campaign
issue, and the issue of protection will be
largely ignored."
M'KINLEY BKNYAKAR.
An Enthu«la*Ue Republican Celebrates
an Important Kvent.
Isaac Benyakar, Mason, Mystic Shriner
and dealer in Egyptian gooils, is a very
proud man to-day. Last night his good
wife presented him with a bouncing boy.
Not that there is anything strange in this
lact, but he has maae it known to all that
be is a good Republican, and, notwith
standing the custom of his country, which
would name his son Benyakar Ben Isaac,
the infant wiil be known to posterity by
the happily combined and euphonious
names of McKinley Benyakar.
It was many months ago that Mr.
Benyakar Sr. so decided. His first born,
however, was a disappointment. It turned
out to be a girl. But Mr. Benyakar was
equal to the occasion. He was visiting
here at the time, and owned a concession
at the Midwinter Fair. Why not call tbe
youngster California? And California
Benyakar it was.
Then Mr. Benyakar bethought him of
becoming a citizen of tbe United States.
He conceived a violent admiration for the
Republican nominee for President. He
wrote to Major McKinley, receiving a
gracious response, and to-day Master Mc-
Kinley Benyakar is the recipient of that
honored name.
Dr. de Witt was the medical gentleman
who was the first to offer his congratula
tions. Closely following him was C. L. J.
W. Pierce, member of the State Central
Committee of the Forty-ninth Assembly
District of Alameda. Mr. Benyakar senior
celebrated the event by taking out his
second and final citizen's papers.
MORE MAIL FACILITIES.
The New Streetcar System
Will Be Inaugurated on
August 15.
A Handsome Office Will Be Built
on the Corner of Filimore and Sac
remento Streets.
Inspector-in-Charge Mnnro was form
ally notified Wednesday by tbe department
at Washington that the plans for tho new
Postoltice station on Sacramento and Fill
more streets, as designed by Architect
Kednall, were acceptable, the local build
ers being authorized to commence work at
once.
This means, presuming the contractors
who are building the new station at the
foot of Market street fulfill their prom
ises, that the proposed street railway mail
service will be in operation by August 15.
This will give ban Fiancisco'tbe best mail
service it has ever had, the system em
ployed being equal to any in the country.
The three mailcars which Mr. Vining
agreed to furnish have been completed,
and could be pressed into service at a
moment's notice. One car is fit;ed for the
electric roads, and will of itseli be abie to
reach nearly every branch office in the
City. A second car has been built for the
[ broad-gauge cable lines, while the tnird is
I intended to take in the Sacramento and
j Clay streets system.
In order to perfect the street-railway
mail system Postmaster McCoppin found
it necessary to change stations A and F. t
The tirst has been removed from Polk and
Sutter streets to Poik and Sacramento.
The second (F) will be changed from Post j
and Devisadero to Sacramento and Fili
more. The removal in this instance was
deemed advisable because of a desira to
have ail the stations on cross-town lines.
The Devisadero electric line stops at
Sacramento street. As now arranged it is
possible for station F to reach any portion i
of the City on an electric road. Station F j
will be a handsome two-story frame struc- j
ture with interior finishings complete in
every detail.
Incidentally it may be remarked that
befora the new system goes into effect !
every branch office in the City will be
overhauled. Inspector Thrall has charge
of this work, and be proposes to have
every convenience and contrivance which
will in any way facilitate tbe rapid transit
of mail. In the meantime he is also look
ing out for the comfort of the people who
patronize the branch offices.
Kveninjc Drawing Clasnes.
The San Francisco Art Association will inau
gurate evening ciasses of drawing from the
antique and life at the opening of the August
term of the school year. These classes will be
established for the benefit of all those follow
ing artistic pursuits who are unable to take
the regular day course. Tbe terms will be
moderate, and pupils will be permitted to
avail themselves of the privileges to which
other students are entitled and to enter all
competitions!
Peter Bull.,tti MUsinjr.
The disappearance of Peter Bullotti was re
ported to the police yesterday. He lived with
hi« mother at 1714 Duront street, and left
home last Monday, since when be has not
been heard of. He used to work in the Pacific
Fruit Market. He is 26 years of age, 6 feet
tall, of light complexion and slim build.
The creditors of J. Samuels, 104-108 Kearny
street, are determined to close out Ms entire
mock or dry goods in tbe shortest possible
time, so look out for great bargains in silks
dress goods, etc. Sale Monday, Aug. 3,9 a.m. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
MAKES HIS HOME
IN THE WATER.
George Cavill Claims the
Championship of the
World.
SWIMS ALL DISTANCES.
Saved Lives From the Deep
When He Was Only Eleven
Years Old.
ALL COMERS ARE WELCOMED.
Cavill Is the Son of the Lrng.Dis.
tance Championship Swimmer
of the World.
The champion long-distance swimmer
of Australasia arrived on the steamer Mo
nowai yesterday, tie is a phenomenon in
the water, and during his career has saved
twenty -one lives.
George Cavill is the name of the young
George CavilL the Champion Swimmer of Australasia, Who Is Anxious to Try
Conclusions With the lust Swimmers in America.
: man, and when he was only 11 years old
be made his first rescue. It was in Botany
| Bay, and one of bis schoolmates had got
! beyond the breakers. It is a shelving
; beach, and one of the most treacherous
jon the coast of New South Wales. The
! child h&d no fear, however, and without a
] moment's hesitation sprang into the surf
and brought his schoolmate to lana
with the aid of a life-line thrown from the
shore.
Time and again young Cavill risked his
life to gave others, and his breast
is covered with medals, among which is
that of the Royal Humane Society.
He is thn son of Professor Caviil, cham
pion iong-distancn swimmer of the world.
"In a ten-mile race my father can beat
me, even now," said young Cavill on the
Monowai yesterday. "In a sprint I always
.have the best of it, but when it comes to a
question of swimming a long distance I
am not in it with my father. Judging,
however, from what I saw of the point as
we came in, I think it would be an easy
job to swim from a quiet spot in the
harbor around tbe point and tbe seal
rocks and land on tbe ocean beach. Ol
course, I don't know the tides and cur
rents, and if I attempted the swim some
I one in a boat would have to accompany
me."
Young Cavill is an athlete. He is al
ways in trainine, and when the Monowai
was in Apia and Honolulu he rivaled tbe
natives in their feats of diving and stay
ing under water.
Some years ago a steamer bound from
Melbourne for Sydney went ashore neur
Coogee, N. S. W. The waves were break
ing heavily, and no one could get within
hailing distance of the vessel. It was then
that young Cavill earned his spurs, fie
swam out through the breakers and took
a leading line with him. A hawser was
hauled ashore, and everybody aboard was
saved by means of the breeches buoy.
Cavill it built like an athlete but is as
modest as a school girl. "I'm a swim
mer," said he, "and no talker. I'll swim
the Golden Gate with any man in Califor
nia, or with my arms and legs as tbe only
propellers, I'll make an excursion to any
part of the bay and from any point men
tioned. Or if anybody thinks they can
beat me in a 100-yard spurt, let them come
and try. I'm willing vo meet anybody
and at any distance."
Young Cavill came over on a pleasure
trip and expects to return to Australia on
tbe next trip of the steamer Australia.
Henry Peterson, champion oarsman of
the Pacific Coast, is of the opinion that
Cavil I can be accommodated with a race
by Dana Thompson at any time. At the
present time Thompson holda the record.
HORSEMEN CONVENE.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Asso
ciation Will Work for Good
Roads.
Tbe Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion met last night in tbe City Hall
and adopted a set of by-laws submitted
by the committee on that matter.
The preamble states that the objects of
the association shall be to assist in prop
erly maintaining tbe speed-track of Golden
Gate Park and for the improvement of
public streets and roads; further to pro
mote acquaintance and good fel
lowship among horsemen and de
velop the speed of their horses and the
skill necessary prope-ly to drive them ; to
encourage greater interest by giving tour
naments from time to time* and to estab
lish a general governing body necessary
for the advancement of all these objects.
It was decided to bold the next races
September 9. An effort will be made to
secure the Ingleside track for these events.
The meeting was presided over by Presi
dent Dr. G. W. Leek rind the meeting ad
journed until next Tuesday night, to meet
in the same place.
MR. WHITNEY'S TROUBLE
Pursued by a Man Who He Says Wants
v to Steal His Wife From
Him.
Mrs. Annie L. Whitney has sued her
husband, Abbot L. vVhitney, a prominent
insurance agent, for divorce, allegiug ex
treme cruelty.
Mr. Whitney has been extremely unfor
tunate, if all that is said of him be true.
He has been married twice. His first wife
is said to have deserted him aud eloped
with a man named Blackwell, who was a
steward on a China steamer. At any rate,
Mr. Whitney got a divorce from Mrs.
Whitney on such grounds.
Two years ago, however, Mr. Whitney
married again, and recently he has seen
Blackwell, who, be says, has deserted his
parumour, hanging about his house on
Leavenworth street. The idea seized the
insurance man that the gay sailor wished
to deprive him of his second wife. He ac
cused Mrs. Whitney of encouraging Black
well's attentions, and finally, so it is said,
assaulted her during a fit of jealous rage.
Sbe thereupon promptly applied for a
divorce. It she gets it, Mr. Whitney will
probably wait until Blackwell dies before
he marries again.
Butchers' Excursion and Celebration.
There will be an excursion to Btockton next
Sunday under the joint auspices of the
Butchers' Board of Trade of San Francisco ana
Alameda counties, the Journeymen Butchers'
Protective and Benevolent Association of Oak
land and the Journeymen Butchers' Protec
tive Association of San Francisco to attend the
second annual celebration of the butchers of
that city. The excursion will leave on a
special chartered train at 8 a. m., which will
bo finely decorated. The butchers of Htockton
have been preparing a long time for their cele
bratiou and are ready to entertain royally ail
who may attend. Ine committees having the
matter in charge are Sam c. Hammond, Fred
Fisher. Joseph Butteenbech and W. M. Smith
from the Butcher*' Board of Trade; Ben Davis,
F. Munz, Joseph O'Keefe and M. R. Jager from
the Journeymen Butchers' Protective »nd
Benevolent Association of San Frauci^co; (>us
Roemer from the Journeymen Butchers' Pro
tective and Benevoient Association of Oak
land.
EASTWOOD'S VINDICATION
He Lays the Blame on the
Wretchedly Paved Streets
and Roads.
The Dairyman Tells a Harrowing
Ta'.e of a Young Horse Dis
abled for Life.
Herbert Eastwood, the Ocean View
dairyman accused of starving and ill
treating his horses, has sent the following
communication to the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which
has been for some days past investigating
the charges against him;
Gentlemen: Yesterday, July 28, your society
sent out to my place one of your officers to in
quire into tiie condition of ivy two horses
pursuant to complaints forwarded to your
office. lam a poor man, 60 years old, having
astrff right shoulder and a bruised hip from
being thrown off my waeon three or four times
on account of the badly paved roads and
streets. Through these shameful streets of
San Francisco 1 must daily drive my horses in
order to (mm the pittance which is my only
means of livelihood. I have no lame or starved
hortes, but 1 have seen many so lame that they
can hardly move and far poorer in flesh than
ruine.
Now I wish to complain about the condition
of the streets of the City. Several of mv horse*
have been cut by stumbling, sprained "by slip
ping and wounded by falling. My last acci
dent was on Main street, near the Sailors'
Home and by reason of it a young horse was
entirely ruined. I had to bandage his knees
with rope and sacking and get to my home
without him. When his wounds were entirely
healt- d 1 sold him to a chicken ranch for «1 50
But the hilis aud dales, ruts and chuckholes
which spoiled my colt are there yet Ii is rot
such men as I that are to blame for the lame
and used-up hordes that we »cc going around.
Mr. Eastwood then goes on to mention
in detail some localities where walking
ana driving are most unsafe, and con
cludes by saying:
I speak as one having a right to speak, since
1 pay my share of the taxes. It is a shameful
piece of cruelty to oblige dumb animals to
travel over many of the streets of this opulent
City of San Francisco. F
A NOTED PRELATE HERE
Archbishop Redwood of New Zealand
Arrivea on the Monowai En Route
to Romn.
Most Reverend F. Redwood, Archbishop
of New Zealand, arrived ;n this City yes
terday on the Monowai from Auckland
and is atayiug with ArchbishoD Kiordan
at his residence on Eddy street.
After a short sojourn in this City he
will continue his journey to Rome, Italy.
Archbishop Redwood, who is one of the
most prominent Catholic prelates of tbe
Antipodes, is a tali and handsome man I
about 38 or 40 year* of age and a proticient
violinist. He is accompanied by his vio
lin in all of his travels, as many will re
member who met him as ho passed
through this City on hi« way home from
the World's Fair, where he was a prom
inent speaker at the Congress ot Religions.
Besides being a speaker of conaideruble !
reputation the Archbishop is well known i
as a writer, being tee author of several
literary work*.
TAILOR BUCHMAN
WAS NEAR ARREST,
Refused to Answer Deputy-
Labor Commissioner's
Questions.
ABOUT THE SWEATSHOPS
His Female Help Skipped Out
the Door When Green
Appeared.
YESTERDAY'S INVESTIGATION.
The Average Wages Found to Bs
Paid— Some Very Dirty
Tailor Shops
The real "sweatshop," as it exists in
the East in general and New York in par
ticular, over which 20,000 tailors are now
out on a strike, does not exist in San
Francisco. There is no little foul-smell
ing room in which people eat, sleep, work
and eke out a miserable existence on a
pittance of pay month in and month out.
That is the real Eastern "sweatshop."
But there are dirty, dingy, malodorous
tailor-shops in this City where small
enough wages are paid. There is a sort of
a sweat system in prices in which the
proprietors of some tailor-shops make
the proprietors of other tailor-shops per
spire over the small figure at which they
must lake work. "That is the real abuse
in San Francisco, together with the fail
ure of the tailors themselves to unite and
stick together so far as long hours and
small wages and child labor in tailor
shops are concerned," said a tailor yester
day.
Deputy Labor Commissioner E. ML
Greene continued yesterday the investiga
tion instituted tne day before by Commis
sioner Fitzgerald on complaint of a com
mittee of the Garment- workers' Union.
This committee furnished the Labor Com
missioner a list of "sweatshops," and
promised to send a man or two around
yesterday to show where the places were
located. Nobody appeared for this duty,
bnt Di puty Greene started out anyhow.
Eight places were visited. The worst
shops are located south of Market. The
worst for ventilation and general ram
shackleness was tbe shop of K. Baago at
246 Jessie street. He employs eight
women and girls, one man and a boy, and
the proprietor himself was sweating at
hard labor over a pressing-board when the
Deputy Commissioner arrived.
The finishers in this shop can make
about $7 80, if they work a full week, but
they usually earn about |5, as business is
dull. The boy gets $1 75. He runs
errands. The operator on a machine that
is run by electric power cets $1 75 a day.
She said that she got that much, but Mr.
Baago said she was paid $2. The floor of
this room sagged; the ceiling was low and
threatening, the light comparatively poor,
all of which was reached by a stairway
that would take first prize in a contest be
tween dilapidated stairways. But the
snop was no dirtier than the average tailor
shop.
About the average wages paid among
the shops visited yesterday for appren
tices is $2 50 per week; for finishers, from
$6 to $9; for machine operators, $12 to $14;
pressers, $5 to $S. In piece-work shops a
competent girl can make almost as much
when there is plenty of work to do. But
now there is not plenty of work, and the
amount of wages must be scaled down
from 25 to 50 per cent.
The publication of the visits made
to the shops the day before. In which
the worst showing was made, evidently
had a precautionary effect on several shops
that were visited yesterday.
At a shop on Howard street there were
no girls at work. The only persons on the
premises were the proprietors. The pro
prietors of many of the shops objected to
tbe girls being questioned as to the
amount of wages received, number of
hours they worked, etc.
At the shop of M. Buchman, 291 Everett
street, near Fourth, there was a general
exodus of employes when the Deputy
Labor Commissioner and a Call reporter
entered. The six or seven girls sat for a
moment or two until they got an inklir.g
as to who the visitor* were; then they all
threw aside the ; .r sewing and made a dash
for the door. There was a clattering of
chairs, a scurrying of feet, a giggle and a
little scream or two, and the six or seven
flying skirts were out of sight. These
were robust girls.
Proprietor Buchman is a Pole. He
hardly noticed the stampede. In fact, he
appeared to have expected it and pre
arranged it. The explanation he gave was
that the girls went out feariug to get their
pictures in the newspapers.
Then he made matters worse, particu
larly for himself, by refusing to answer
the questions of Deputy Greene.
The deputy forthwith ordered him toar
pear at the Commissioner's office inside
of two hours to answer questions or he
would arrest him, and he made out a for
mal subpena.
The system of forcing reductions of
prices by shop proprietors, in use by seve
ral well-known tailors, is thus described by
Deputy Greene:
"Members of the Garment- workers'
NEW TO-DAT.
y^^2*g PEERLESS
k Man R R A MI)
f^KPSaggl Evaporated
ffoSijPPl CREAM
Mjp&ewpcfitfi- I Does not spoil
*T> J PREPARED BY
l^j»Sgg^p^a# New York Condensed
Wrirrht's Mai Veptable Pills
Are acknowledged . by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure .'■■--.
KICK : HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, : CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid liver, weak Biomjtca, Pimple* and
purify the blood. :. . ■ ■*.-■' '■•,■.'. ' ■■ :■
Grossman's SDsciflc ffiixtnrs
'With this remedy .persons can : cure themselve*
without the least - exposure, change of diet, ' or
change ' in application -to business. - Th« medicina
contains nothing that ■is of the least Injury to in*
consUtution, AAk your drueslat tor iv ■> tain, *1 * >
bQUia,
Union have told me that these well-known
tailors have a regular hour set at which
tailors who employ these girls must come
to get tbe cloth to sew. They will then
hold uj>, for instance, a bundle of trousers,
telling how many are in "the bundle, and
a<k for bids. These men are thus placed
in competition with each other, and the
lowest bid gets it. These men look out
for themselves, and the result is that
these employes must bear their proportion
in their wages of the lowness of the bid.
One of the auctioneers of work deducts 10
per cent from the pay of the successful
binder for the privilege of working for him.
and another has the reputation of paying
the lowest price and being the meanest
man in tbe business to work for. He will
pay on!y 60 cents, for instance, for mak
ing vests."
FIXED FOR TRIAL.
The Fair Will Caie to . Come Up for
- Hearing in Court Next .
Monday.
Stephen Roberts concluded the reading
of his deposition in the matter of the Fair
will in Pierson & Mitchell's office yester
day morning and affixed his signature.
Miss Margaret Craven called for tbe
type-written transcript of her testimony,
ana w?s allowed to take ii home where sue
will peruse it at her leisure.
The trial of the original case brought by
Charles M. Fair to break the trust in the
will of the 24th, is set for next Monday
morning before Judge Slack. If nothing
interferes the great battle will be begun",
and most of the points in the contest will
be met and fought out.
Another Railroad Suit.
Osmond G. Neilsen has sued the Market
■treet Railway Company for $ 10,550. Neilsen
is a milkman, and on July t> his wagon was
struck by a Howard-street car at the corner of
East street. Xeilsen's arm was broken, his
wagon smashed and one of his horses injured.
wherefore he wants to be awarded $10,550
damages. Carl F. Bjorn, who wns injured in
the same accident, has brought suit for $10,
-000 damages.
Wants His Allowance.
Samuel C. Meyer, a son of Charles Meyer,
who died March 14, 1893, hss caused a citation
to be issued to Chnrles L. Ackerman and Abra
ham Brown, acting executors of the will of
his father, commanding them to appear in
Judge Hebbard's court and explain why they
do not pay him $100 a montn, as provided in
the will. Itisclnimed that the iucome of the
estate is over $2000 a month, but that the
executors are $381 94 in arrears iv payments
to the plaintiff.
■ KEW TO-DAT.
; BSFA/^o o V
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful snecialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Trfvate Diseases in both Men
I and Women. All diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head. Throat, Lines. Stomach. Liver
! and Bowel?. Kidney. Bladder and Urinary
! Trouble?, Rupture/Catarrh, Piles, Eczema
j and Yaricocele treated with unfailing suc-
cess. .Diseases of women peculiar to her
sex scientifically treated and permanently
cured.. ,' Loss or partial loss of manly
; power and vipor in young, middle-aged or
I old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the
health, c» use paralysis, insanity and pre-
I mature " death . quickly and . permanently
stopped. Private diseases of every name
and nature cured without leaving any bad
effects, and that disease which poisons the
blood, decays the bones nnd causes more
! physical and mental suffering than any
j other known disease 'fhoromrhly and for-
j ever cured without mercurial treatment.
HEART. BRAIN, NERVES AND
I BLOOD. i If you have a dizziness of the
liead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent nnd feel an aversion to society, i
you are Buffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and. blood. You
have no time, to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. WE ANY.", .
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free. ' ' . / '„ . •• ■ ..:,'■
WHITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by means of
correspondence and medicines sent them.
Letters are answered in English, . German,
French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and
Danish. ..
CorresponJence strictly. Confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sentfrej on ap-
plication. Address
OR F I QU/mVV .737. Market St,
Ufl. (F. L. On LAn I, - San Francisco. CaL
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFR.4i\CISCO& NORTH PI-
CMC railway; CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK I)AYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 A. *.; 12:S3L I
!, : i*°V 5:10, 6:3 2 p. X ThunKlavs-Kxtratrta
"IV, .*- "*• Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:5»
and 11:80 p. ic.' ' -- ■ •
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.H.; 1:30, 3:3 a
... 6:00, tt:2o r. it-
San Kafael to San Franelaoo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15. • 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a v .
8U sfoo^ 7 *^ 9:iw U:ls *• lfc! I:4 °- 3: *»
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park aama
schedule as above. . . ' """""
Ban Francisco. US*? Ban KrliTcisca
Wkfic | Sun- If^*, Sirs- ! Win
Days. | days. i^MMt^ PAYS- , VxY%
7 : 2£ AM 7:30 AM Novato,, 10:40 aW I 8:40 ak
3:30 fm;9:3o am Fetaluma. 6:05 pit 1010 aii
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pjc 6:15 pu
_ ' . Fulton, " ■
7:30 am Windsor,: 10:10 ah
Healdsburg, '
IGeyservUie,
3:30 pm 7:30 am | Oloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 m
•-~" - ■ : ~~ 1-teta, : ~~~ T^
7:30 am Boplaad & -." 10:10 ax
8:80 I'm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 fm 6:15 pm
7:30 am . . -. ■ 110-10 am
7:30 am auernevlUe. 7:30
S:3OrM- [_ V :6:lBpm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
'-•' . ■-.■•'-. and - i
6:10 PM 5:00 pm I Glen KUen. | 8:06 pm • 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:»o am| se balltODoL 110:40 AM > 10:10 AM
8:30 f m 6:00 pm[ | 6:0»r M j 6:15 pm
' Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservilie for SlcagKS Springs: at
Cloverd ale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hlghlaad
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and i.ak.ppor:; at
BopUnd for Lakeport and Bartiatt Sprinfs; at
Ukiau for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Spring*. Blus
Lakes, Laurel Dell Late, Upper Lane, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Back-
■ell's, Sanbedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocloo City,
, Fort Bragg. Wsstport, 8 »i, Wlliets," Cahto, -, Co- ,
▼•10. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotta and Eureka. - . \
• Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rate*.--..- =--.:,.> .-■■ -, ■ ■ ,-.:-. ■■  - ..■ -■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. - *
Ticket Offices, 650 Market si., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RY AW.
Gen. aiaaager. Gen. Pass. AcenU
'^^^BBa^^^MKMriH^.- ■- - " ' ~~ •
NEW TO-DAT.
NEW««°oo»
Second=Hand
School
Books
Bought -==»-
Sold ========-
Exchanged.
Van less Bazaar
Q BIG STORES
AND FACTORY,
1808 MARKET,
NEAR VAN NESS.
415 STOCKTON,
NEAR BUSH.
622 KEARNY,
COR. COMMERCIAL.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
AUG. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, 31,
And Every Fifth Day. Thereafter, ■
Leave from B. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot of
Market «t, at 8:00 p. m.
QDrPBAI ) $1 fl deluding Berth,
Or CuIHL ' Oil) Tourist sleeper.
DATtTC loin Fim-class, Including
HA ICO ' ©I tl Berth, Standard
Sleeper.
For further Information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), B. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic aigr. ' Gen. Pass. Asrt.
V. . . ; — : — — ; — : •. '——
■■ SOUTH PACIFIC COJirAKT.
(PACIFIC lIUU.)
Train* l««ive »ml nro •■•■<« to arrive si
HAN FIUNCI.MO.
tEATE — From JTKE7. ISOC. — ARRIYB
"•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way SUUon*... 8:45 a
7:«0a Atlantis Impress, Us<len aud fast.. »-45»
; 7:00 a. Benicia, VacaTille, Rumssy. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding ria
Davis...' C:4sp
7:»0\ Martinez, Sun Ramon, Naps, Calls.
- toga and Santa Rosa.. S:lsr
■:!tOA Nik's, - Hun .lose, .Stockton, lone,
S:icraraouto, Marysville and Ite<l
JJlnff.... 4:IBp
•S:3oa Peters au>l Mi1t0n........ «7:15r
©:<><» a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I. os Angeles 4:45
0:0»a. Martinez and Stockton 11:4.1 a
9:00.v VaUejo 6: 1 »!■
l:OOp Niles. San Jose and Llrermore 8:45 a
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers.... •O:OOi«
fl:3or Port Costa and Way Stations f7*4&»
«:Ut)i Martinez. Han lUnioii. Vallejo, '
Napa, Ciilistoifa, -Xl Verano tad
SautuUosa 8:13 a
*tm«r Boiicia, . VaciTiiie, Woodland.
- Knights ; Landing, - Marysrill^
s OroTtlle and Sacramento 10:49 a
4:B*r Nllc.i, > Sau Jose, LiTermoro and
Stockton ...: 7:13p
4:SOr Merced, Berenda. Raymond (for
- Yosemitc) and Fresno... ..11:45a
Sifter New Orleans Express, Fresno. Bakers- .
flcld, Santa Tsarbara,l.os Angelei'
.Denting, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:13 a
9i*Vp Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojare and East..... IC:ISa
B:OOFVaUeJo 11:43*
O:O»i' T'.urcpeau Me' l, Ogileii and East.... 9:15 a
O:«Oi> Ilaywards. K'.li-s und Sau Jose 7:43 a .
t7:OOr Vallejo.. f7:43r
7:OOp Oregon Kxpreiu,ftarrun)ento, Marys- -
Tille, ReiWlng, Portland. Piiget
■Sound an.l Kaat ... 10:45 a
SANTA <:itl!Z IUVI*.;t#X Quiiiowr (.uuitC;. .-
""f7s45A Santa Cruz Excursion, hauta Cruz ■ • ••"
and Principal Way Stations ...... J 8: »3»
It ■ 15 a Newark, Ceutcrvi lie, Shu. lose, Felton,
BonUier Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OsMp
•S:l9p Newark, CeTitcrfille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Feiton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5................... •II : s*o a.
jl:lHf Newark, San .lose and 1.0.i i.'ntos....
COAST IU VISION (lliir.l A; Townscnil St».)
*C:4sa h*.:\ Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaucn Wednesdays 0n1y)....,.. 9:47 a
17:20 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Banta Cruz, Pacific GroTe, ana
Principal Way Stations ......... {liUr
■: 15 a Sou .lone, Tres Pitius, Kanta Cruz.
Vacllic Grove, Paso RoUes, Sac
J,uis Ohispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way >SUtinus 7:03p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations ..... f l:30p
|o:4wa San ,1c =»d Way Stations »:«Op
1 I:3oa. Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30r
*2i3OrBan Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, ' Tres I'hios, Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey hi id PacilicUrore MQ:4Oa
■3:301? San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations .......................... «l;30F
•4:30p San Jose «nrt Way Stations •»:»Oa
S:3Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
O:»Op San Jose ami Way Stations <I::13a
>11:45p Ban Jose an«l Way 5tati0n5....... .. ->7:43p
SAN LrJA.NuUO AM> IIA¥WABD» HHAL.
. i»6:OOa"J . . (■ 7:13 a
8:OOa , I lit: ir»A
,«:S«t B«lr. B e,s «l«rr Park, ' s?|tg A
'"loSp Fitebbmr ,SanLe»n < lr» "jjgj •
8:OOp -. ' ««d 4:45p
4:00p " " tt ' 8:45?
B:OOP H»vw«ril« - •:!*•?
7:<»Op >' 8:4r,,
■ 8:OOp • _ . ■ . . „_ • 9:43;
O*OOp » Runs through to Nfle«. : - io*!SOr
HH:ISpJ tFromNUes. VHlg:OO»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS /RiiiClSCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 .9.00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 '2:00 ±3:C«
•'; •i:00, ;>.. 13:03 i *6:00r.M.
froaOilU!^— Foot of Bro»dr»T.— -c : 00 8:04
10:00*.m: «3:00 - *l^fl 43:00 *3:00 ti:CC
- n "3:00 p.m. ■■:-■--• ■ ■■■ : -
A for Mem ing. P or Afternoon.
• Sundays exempted. 1 Saturdays only,
t Sundays only. -
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturday!, and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
Atlantic
P^i cif i c i^^x^^
"Rait koad jjr&fiA^i^i"^^J^asjl
Trains leave and arrlva ki H^nIHS
Market-Street Ferry. BMrt^j v^i
SAITA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & V .^^^g2^p>JTs|
Direct Lino : .r**&sftimor^&m&
Leaves every ' day ' at 5 p. m., carry I'uliman
Palace : Drawing-room ; Sleepers, ■; also Modern Up-
holstered TourUt Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and SL Louis.
Persona Ily conducted Boston Kzcnrslons via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
'Mountains leave every Wednesday. .
Ihe best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; no dust; interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. . : -
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
Telephone Slain 1631.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
Aval Ban I'rancieco, I onmi> Ins June 15, 189&
WEEKDAYS.
for - Mill ■ Valley and San ' Kafael — 7:00, *8-0Q
' »9:15 10:18, 11:45. a. M.: '1:15, 3:iO, 4:15,
6:15. *b:0l». t> :3s p.m. sj
' Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedna*
aaya and Saturdays at 11:30 p. it.
'■-•;-■• DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael -•8:00, •9:00.
•10:00,11:30 a. M.;»»ia:3J. »l:30, *2:ls''*4-o£'
6:30, 6 :iB, 8:30 p. m.'. Kura trip to Hausailto as
II :UO a." M. .■-".- c . . -. . :,
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ••12534l
i r. M. does Mot run to Mill Vij.J«vv •--
-..',■• ■; , THBOUGH TBAJN3. . .
_ For Point Reyts ana way s:a:lons— 8:00 A. x.
■atordays; 9 a. m. sun.v -s; 6:15 p. m. weekdays
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLEB H. PHILLIPS. ATTORSKT-AT.
V law and Notary Public »i 33 Market at, oppo-
ait* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. iiecldena* ld*l
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver lower.
Shipment of «203,3 M to China.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Mew Oats on i lie market.
Corn and Kye dull.
Beans unchanged.
Hay coming In freely.
Potatoes in lighter receipt.
Onions steady.
Vegetab.es continue abundant.
Butter firm but quiet.
Choice Eggs very Hrm.
Cheese continues to advance.
Poultry doll.
Peaches lower.
Old Dried Fruit «Imost gone.
Provisions unchanged.
Fresh Mexican Limes offering.
Wool demoralized.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of f 223,390,
consisting of 5138.805 m Mexican Dollars, $2585 In
Gold Coin and M'J.OOt) Id Silver Bullion.
Explanation,
The avow files with the wind. The top figures
a' station indicate maximum temperature for the
rlays: :ho>f underneath it. if any, the amount of
m; tit All, of melted snow.in inches and hundredth*. ,
during Ihe past <welve hours. Isobars, or solid I
lints, connect, poln s of equal air pressure; ieu- i
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is -usually accomDanied by fair weather: "low"
rifcra to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accoropnnled by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lo.vs" usually first appear on the Washington
cea-ft. When the pressure is high in the Interior
■ and . low a:ong the coast, and the isobars extend 1
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
b::t when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain couth of Dnfpm Is improb
able. With a "high" in Ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
ill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depabtment OF AGBTCTTI/
tube. Wkathkr Bureau, Sax 1 KAXCtsco, July
30, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast: ..
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno »4, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
98 San Luis Obispo 90, Yarns 106, San Francisco
67. Los Angeles »4.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 48, mean 53.
'I he pressure continues high over the Pacific
slope, although there has been a slight fall along '
the coast during the past twelve hours.
The weather has been generally clear and
warmer over the' western half of . the country.
Over California and Nevada there ban been a rise
in temperature of from six to eighteen degrees
There has also been a rapid rise in Eastern Wash
ington and in Montana. The temperature has
fallen over Utah, but will probably rise rapidly Fri
day.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, July 31. 1896:
Northern California— Fair J-'ridav and somewhat
warmer in the valleys; light northwesterly winds
on the coast: little air stirring inland.
Southern California— Fair Friday; continued
w. rirt weather: light westerly winds.
Nevada-Fair Friday.
Utah — Fair Friday; warmer.
Arizona— Friday: continued warm weather.
San trancisco and vicinity— Fair Friday: con
tinued warm weather; light northwesterly winds.
. . . ALKIANDEB G. -MCAIIIK.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YoliE MAIIKKIS.
F-'nmicial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. July 30.— stock mar
ket was' quiet to-day, the sales footing ud only
1^8,473 snares- of which 60,100 were t>ugar and
27.9 0 St. Paul. No other s:oclc on the list fig
ures for as much as 9000 shares. ' At the opening
specaiatlon was chararterzed by firmness, owing to |
higher cables from London and the . execution of
buying orders for foreign account In St. Paul and
Louisville and Nashville. The purchases for Lon
don were estimated at 10.000 shares, of which
about half con-lsted of M. Paul. Local trad
also tooK a more cheerful view of the situation
and bought moderately 01 the grangers, industrials
and son', li westerns. As a result, prices quickly ad
vanced Vt^lVs percent.
.The midday speculation became dull and
featureless and the canges for, nearly an hour
wera confined to the meres, fractions. Later Man-'
i.v.ran wn- taken in hand li-' .ih<? bear contingent
and the price lorceJ dwo to 87 Vi against 8954 at
the close yesterday '1 he decline was accompanied
by ru non that the report for the June quarter
would make a very poor showing. The heaviness
of the stock: led to sales for .he more prominent is
sues,' notably Sugar. Leather preferred and the
Grangers These Issues lest % to 1% percent
and were quite weak for a time. .
Toward the close, however, there was a decided
chance for 'he better, and under covering of shorts
: the .market improved materially. Sugar led the
upward movement, rising »i/8 per cent to 103%.
The grangers rose %@iys per cen; and the iudu«-
t rials. Manhattan an. i the internationals Vs<$ 3 /4
per cent. Speculation .iose.l firm- In tone. ■ Net
changes showed gains of 14(4i2V4 per cent, Sugar,
C»ic»go Gas anil Rock Islaiid leading. Ju the in
»c:tve stocks, Brooklyn Union Gas advanced 2V4
to 81 : Lake .-hore Ito 142 and Pullman 2to 145.
'; here wa» 111 tie news afloat to affect the market
and the dealings were devoid of excitement. Bear
traders, however, were disposed to -reduce their
lines end the improvement, especially at the close,
was one to the r fiircnases. " ,
Buna* were firmer. Total sales were $718,000.
Atcbl-on general : fours > rose - 1 to 73c: . do adjust
ment fours IV* to 31»4; Bu-iliigton. Cedar Kapids
and Northern fives, -1% to 104; Kansas-Pacific
consolidated sixes certificates, 1. to 62, and
:s or. hern Pacific consolidated fives to 40V 2 (i4
'014 i enverand i.lo Grande fours fell 'via to
85 \ 2 : International and Great Northern firsts IB.'*
to li 4; Louisville and Nathvilie general fives lZ*
to 11"/%: Missouri Pacific consolidated sixes. 2 to
78: Oregon Improvement fives certificates, 2 to 7
In Government bonds $-0,01)0 coupon five* sold
at 111 and $1000 coupon tours at 107%.
: «.r»in. , . -
FLOUR— Steady; unchanged. Winter wheat, low
grades, $2 60: do fair to fancy, *2 40(6,3 40
-do pa cuts, «3 45®3 76: Minnesota clean. «2 40
'2 30: do ■ stralslits. $S »o@l3 40: ao patents
*3 15@4: low extras $1 7U@2: city mills, »3 90 :
do paienu, 94 10(^4 35: ■ rye mixture, »2 40UB
2 90: superfine, $1 t)o@2 75: fine, 91 60@2. South
ern flour, dull and steady: common to fair extra
t'Aa'i 80; good 'to choice no, $2 6U@2 00. • Rye
Hour, quiet and steady, iJ'J 4t'@2 80. ' .
COR:\MEAL-Dull, steady, yellow Western
92 0 <&i 10. '
UY X— Dull: Western. 38% c f. o. b.
BARLEY-Dull. .:
BARLEY MALT— Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, easier: No. 2 red f. o. b , «>6&mc:
ungraded 66@57c; No. 1 Northern 665/ ( c '
Op. ions opened firm at V*c advance on better
cables aud bu.llsi croD news, fell oft 3/.(a&i,c on
foreign selling and late cables, rallied V B (*i4c and
dotted firm at i4@2/ 8 c uuder yesterday. Trading
moderate. ember and December most active.-
July, 633/ g August, t»3*/,c: September, 63V.8*
oc;ooer, b4%0; December, 65 a/ c. '*
CORN -.Spot dull, firm: No. 2, 30" 8 c elevator
-31%c afloat. ..-■ . . ,
Options were dull and weak at */i@%c decline,
with the West and on free receipts. : with longs
realizing. September • and October most active-
July, 30S/ 8 c; August, 30c; September. 3©s/«c'-
October, hOVgc. ■ • '» '
OATS— Steady. . .  .
. ..- FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., '. Tel. Main > 1954.
■ ' ■ " ' ■ BRANCH OFFICE " '
€23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
•.J. S. PUKDY, Manager.* . •
- Orders instantly i executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F. . ■
CHICAGO. r*lVA.ThiWlU.l£. AJtW YORK.
, Options dull, easy; July, 22% c; August, 22% c; j
September. 23y 2 c.
- Spot prices: No. 2. 4 (5i'23c: No. i white.
2514 c; No. 2 Chicago. 23%: No. 3. 22c: |
No. 3 white, 2414 c: mixed western. '.'3@24c;
white do, 25%@30c: white State, 25%@30c.
FEED BRAN— S2%a -
MIDDLINGS—
BYE— Feed, 66c .
2'roTlnfon*.
BEEF HAMS— DuII; $14 50©15. Dressed beef,
steady; extra, 911@12. Cut meats, pickled bel
lies,' in pounds, sc; do shoulders, 3%(<eO4c: do
hams, 9@loc.
LAKD— Dull, steany. Western steam, $3 40;
city, »3. - . .
Option sales none; September closed 93 45: re
fined, dull: continent. $3 75; south American,
$4 50: compound, S'-'/^lg^ic.
PORK— Active, steady. Old mess, 97 25@7 75:
new mess, $7 75@8 25. . .
BUTI'EK-Quiet. Western dairy. 9®l2c: do
creamery, 11%@15c; do factory, 8%Ollc; El
gins, 15c. . ...... . .
CHEESE— firm. Skims, 2@sc: full skims,
l@l%c
' i£GUS— Easier, quiet; Western fresh, 11@12%c;
do per case. 91 -6:a3. ' '
TALLOW — Steaay, quiet. City, 3@311-16c;
country, b@3V B e. .
' COTIX»NSKKD 01 — Dull. Crude, 19@Vi0o;
yellow. 9 (g,23c.
I'KTKOLr.i.M- Quiet, steady. Refined New
York, 96 66: . Philadelphia, $6 60; do in bulk,
$4 10@4 15.
liEMxS— Quiet, steady. Strained, common to eood
9160.
TURPENTINE-Quiet.easy, 24@24%c.
POTATOES— Steady, southern, 60c(^$l.
RlCE— Quiet and steady. ' Domestic, 6@6S/ 4 c;
Japan, 3@*V4C ■
JioLAa^Eo— Dull, steady. New Orleans, 27®
37c.
FLAX— Unchanged.
COFFEE— Barely steady,' 15@25 points down;
July, $10 66(410 60; September. 99 70@»9 85:
October, 99 1:6; December,. $o@9 15; January;
*9 10; February. $9 05: March, ?9@» 10; April.
99; May, $8 90@9 05: June, 99. Spot Rio, easier,
quiet: No. 7, ll(g)ll%c.
t>UUAR— DuII, Him. Fair refining, 2%c bid;
centrifugals, 96 test. 3 6-16 c bid: refined, fairly
active firm: No. 6. 4%c; No. 7, 4 l-16c; No. 8,
4c; No. 9, 3 15-16 c; No. 10, 8 c; No. 11. 8 3-16 c;
No. 12, 3»4C: No. 13, 3 l-16c; off A, 3 l-16c; molo
A, 4y 8 c: standard A, 4%c: confectioners' A, 4%c:
cut loaf 6i/»e; crushed. 6 Vic:" powdered, 4Vac;
granulated, -*%c; cubes, 6%c.
Fruit and 1' rod ace.
APRICOTS?— Bags, old i%fcillc: new, B®9c.
PEACHES- Peeled, '« 11, I»@l4c; do un
peelea. 7%£8%c. '. »
PRUNES- Four sizes. 4S-i@sc
Two-crown, 3%@4c; do three-crown,
6@sy*c; do four-crowu, 6%c; do London layers.
9i@i 05.
HOP»— Easy; State, common to choice, 2©
7%c: Pacific Coast, 3@6%c. London market un
changed. ■
WOOL-Steady, quiet; domestic fleece, 16©22 c:
pulled, 15®33c; Texas, 7©12& .
* Merchandise.
Tin IRON-Quiet, steady; American. 910 25a
10 60.
COPPER-Easy; lake. $10 75@11. .
LEAD— DuII; domestic, *2 90@2 95.
TlN— Firm: straits, *13 40@13 46.
PLATES— Steady, quiet. . -
SPELTER- Dull: compile. $3 90©;.
. .. IHItAUu itIAKKETS.
CHICAGO, Iti., July Strength was im
parted to wheat this morning by the Cincinnati
Price Current summary which received a bullish
Interpretation. Likewise an advance of %d at
Liverpool was viewed with satisfaction by the
owners of wheat, but the pain in price proved
tempting to the bears and with promptness offer
ings became heavy, the natural consequence bring
a sharp declinr. Receipts were fair at 123 cats for
Chicago and 317 In the Northwest. The latter !
section had 216 lav Thursday and '.-01 a year aso. j
Local Inspections trom store were 12,500 bushels. i
'1 he ndlana report, estimating a yield of 24.-
OOO.UCO bushels, was used as an argument for
lower prices and was responsible for considerable
weakness Closing Paris iabe» were 10(020 cen
times loner ior flour andlO@2S centimes lower
for wheat. Antwerp was unchanged to 12% cen
times higher. Berlin quoted i 14 ($2 marks advance.
Export clearances were fair ut -72.474, bushels.
September Wheat opened from 593 « to 59i/gc,
declined to r.S@5By 8 c closing at 58%a58V»c %c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts" for to-mor
row, 135 cars.
CORN— Opened barely steady, readily joining In
the declining course subsequently marked by
wheat. The proportions of the movement of this
grain grow daily, and it is confidently predicted by
receivers that next week will witness something
almost unprecedented in the volume of the re-,
i ceipts. . Liverpool quoted a slight recovery In price,
due to sympathy with yesterday's improvement
here. Receipts to-day were 902 cars, and 262,080
bushels were taken from store. The Cincinnati
Price Current reported continued good promise for
the crop. Export clearances amounted to 142,595
tushels. September corn opened at 24% c, de
clined ;o 24Vic closing at 24%@24%c, %c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
1065 cars.
OATS- While declining slightly in response to
the weakness of the other markets were not gov
erned to any extent by the undertone of firmness
which has existed for some time past. Receipts
were 114 cars, and 259,062 bushels were taken I
from store. Export ■ clearances amounted to
50,322 bushels. September oats closed VsdtVic
lower, mated receipts for to-morrow 190 cars. '
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 72c nominal: Sep
tember. 71 s / i@72c; December, 74@74V4C- Re
ceipts were 30 cars.
provisions— provisions market present
ed about the same appearance as in the recent
past. Business was of an ordinary sort, with few'
transactions of sufficient magnitude to excite at
tention or comment. The tone of the market was
with reference to that of the hog market, which
was a little firmer. The close tor September pork
was 7%c .over. September lard a shade lower and
September ribs a shade higher.
stocks of provisions on August 1 as estimated by
George W. 1 hillips jr. will be: Pork, 188,000 bar
rels old and net; lard, 300.0 j0 tierces and ribs 57.
-000,(>00 lbs.
BUTTER— Was fairly active and firm to-day.
Receipts were moderate and there. was quite a
good demand. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras. 14c. firsts, 12%@13%c;
seconds, 10@llc: imitations, fancy, 10@llc.
Dairies— Extras, 12c; firsts. 10% c: -seconds, 9c
Ladlej-Exiras, 9%@10c-. firsts, b@B%c; packing
stock, 7<&7%c; crease. 4@sc.
EGGS— Receipts were IWht and the demand,
thougn local, was urgent. The feeling was firm at
unchanged quotations. Fresh stocK sold from
9%c to lie ¥» dozen.
MONE* —Was 5@6% on call »nd e@7X on
urn* loan* New Yorit exchange 30c discount.
Closing Prices.
WHF.AT— in\y. 680: September. &8%@58%c:
December, 605,
CORN- July. 23% c: September. 24% c: May,
27% c. -
OATS— JnIr, 18c: September. 17%@18c; May,
f'u»K- September. $6 12%: January, re 80.
LARD— September, *3 17%; January, $347%
i.iLb— Septemoer, $3 22%; January, $3 40.
. . Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lil, Jtily 30—Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were light. The demand
was good and prices averaged 10c higher. There
was a recovery of 6@loc in hog prices. Offerings
were light and the inquiry good. Trade In sheep
was fairly active and steady prices.
CATTLK— 7000. Fancy beeves. 94 65
@4 60; choice 10 prime, 1300 to 1800 lb steers,
'94 niKa.4 50; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1700 Ib.
9410@4 26; medium steers, 1000 to 1350 &>. $3 80
f,5 Ou: common to fair steero. 860 to
200 Ib, $3 25@8 75: feeders, $3 00($3 76:
stocker .- 92 60@3 60; bulls, choice 10 ex
tra, $2 83®3 26: .bulls, poor to choice. 81 65
@2 HO; cows - and - helfero, extra, $3 60fd.S 76
-cows, fair to choice, $2 30@3 40: ".ows,
common to fair cannrrs. 91 -.'b@2 25; calves, good
to choice. $5 OU@5 40: calves, common to good,
$3 2S@4 90: Texas grassers. 92 50@3 10: Texas
fed steers. 93 20@3 70: Texas cows and bulls,
$1 7532 25; milkers and springers, per head,
920 @ 40; .-stern range steers, $2 75@3 90;
Western range cows and heifers. $•_> 30@3 35.
HOGS— Receipts, 11,00 a iieavy packing and
snipping lots. $2 8003 15: common to choice
mixed, 92 05(o,: . 26; choice assorted, 93 So<a
3 36: light, 93 05@3 36; plus. 92 75©3 35.
tiiiKk-t— Receipts. 10.000. interior 10 choice.
*2@3 26 . lambs, *3 06 60. - ; . '
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BAI.KS.
NEW YORK, N. V., July ' 30.-Porter Bros.
Company sold to-day at open auction California
fruit. at the following prices: Peaches— Deckers,
91 80@2 45 box: Crimson Clings, 92 20: Early
Crawford*. 91 60@'J 15: Fosters, $1 95@2 10:
Marys choice, $1 76; Hales Early, $1 85 pf-ars—
Bartletts, $1 45@2 'ft box. Nectarines— Bsc@92 »
half crate. Plums— Japan, 91 25® 1 50 V ha f
crate; "Em, 91 25; Peach, $1 1001 16; Bing
ham, 91 10; o her variati! b,6sc@Rl 05. Prun' s—
Tragedy. 93r@$l 40 | half crate: German, 95r@
$1 15; Silver, 05c." Grapes— conlainebleau, 75i
91 30* half crate. - . ...,»-• "*
CHICAGO. 111., July 80— The Earl Frntt Com
pany sold to-day at open ) auction California fruit,
roallzlng prices as follows: Bartlett pear*— sl 40
@1 60 V box. Peaches— Early Crawford. $1 10@
i 35 "# box: St. Johns, 76c®$l 10. some In bad
order 55@70c; Imperial, 91 10<ai 10; Hale's
Early, 6Uc. Prunes— Tragedy, 91 50 a half crate:
German, $1 $S(g,l 40. Plums— Yellow Egg, $1 26
f* halt crate: urple Duane, $1 25; Japan, 75c@
91 35; Washington, 81(»1 16. ' . -•
Mitt lui.Aj aTOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
; Sliar*«. '
. Money on call easy at iy a iarJ.y ; last loan 2^,
and closing offered at 2V- i'»r silver, 68% c. •• Mexi
can dollars. 5 5%@64%;. Prime mercantile
paper. 5%@6%. bierlU,»' Kxchan;e". is strong,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87*/i<a
* 88 for sixty days and $4 86»/i@4 89 for at
Sl'Srs^ 1 «'-[i le "« M 88 ® 4 89 tJmmercJal bills.
94 »68 @4 87%. . Government bonds firm: State
bonds neglected. ? Railroad bonds higher. Silver at
the board was steady. -
CXOBIKB STOCKS.
a m Tel A l able.. 89 , : Norfolk * West™ ;3%
Atchlson... 111/ si Preferred. . 9??
Preferred 16V4 Northern Padfla ' . bsi
Adams Express.. ..l 46 I Preferred ..„ ' l?s!i i
Alton. Terre Haute 84 Northwestern... "" 9414
American Express) o7 | Preferred.. " 148
American Tooacco. bBVi N. Y. Central"- " Bi
.Preferred......;.. 95 iN.Y.,ChicagoiiLi: 10 V
Bay State Ga5...... 15 Ist preferred. 66
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15% Yd preferred . 20 -
Brunswick Lands.: -% N. Y.&n H : "" lex
buffalo, Roch <t P. 10 N. V. 4 New" Em' 35
Canada Pacific... ..;sH N. V.. Susq A WT' 7
Canada Southern.. 4: i<,' Preferred " 18
Canton Land;...... 60VgOnlario. '"'-' ' lju,
Central -Pacific.:... 13 ion:ario A Western 12 V*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31. 1896.
Ches. A Ohio j.2%'Oreg:onlmprovmnt Vs
Chicago Alton 14* |; Preferred..-...;.:.—
Preferred ...;.. 170 'Oregon Navigation 10
Chicago, B. & q.... 641,4 Oregon Short Line.; • 6
Chicago <t E. 111... 4Hi«. Pacific Mall 18
Preferred HS " Peorla, D. A Kvans 1%
Ch1cag0Ga5. ........ 52% Pittiiburg<& W. pfd 15
Cleve<t Plttsbnrg.,l64 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..145
consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver......... liA
Consolidated lias.. 142 I Preferred......... 13
C. C. C. A Sl Louis 23Vi Reading 10%
Preferred.....;... 72 RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron... 18«/»| Preferred ...;... 40
Preferred 90 iKock Island 56iA
Cotton Oil Cert .... 90 ! Rome Wat&Ogden. 110
Commercial Cable.] '.' 6 i. St. L. <fc S. W 8%
Dei. Hudson. 118 Preferred......... 7%
Del.Lack<t\Vestrn.l4B St. Paul... 68i£
Denver <fcR.G..... 103.4 preferred. .122V 2
Preferred. 41 1/4 6t. Paul it Duluth. 6
Di5ti11er5........... loy* Preterred 87
General Electric... 23 St. Paul A Omaha. 33
Erie ....:.. 13% Preferred 125
Preferred ..'ll SU P. M. A M...... 107
Fort Wayne 162 Iwuver Certificates. 69
Great Northern 109 [Southern Pacific... 18%
Green Bay Wsoutbern K. ii 7V*
Harlem. .;...;.i.v.2»4 j Preferred ....... 2014
Hocking c0at...... y B 'suirar Refinery ....IOH-Vs
Hocking Valley.... 14^1 Preferred......... 97%
Homestake.... 34 n>nn. Coal A Iron. 16Vi
H. A Texas Cent...- Preferred. 90
Illinois Central »0y Texas Pacific...... 6
lowa Central 6- T01.A.A.& N.Mich.—
Preferrea — .;... 21i^lTol. Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... pi™ Preferred. ... 60
Preferred 19V* ! Tol.St. Louis* K.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 I Preferred... . 6
Lose Erie A Westn I*Y2 Union Pacinc B%
Preferred.. • 621/4 U. P. Den A Golf.. 3%
Lake 5h0re.. ....... 141 U. 8. Cora age 3%
National Lead 1»V» ! Preferred. ... 6V4
Preferred HO ' Guaranteed 131-i
Long Island 69 U. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 44% v. »/ Leather. 6Mi
Louisville. N a <tt Co 6ij| Preferred......... 47V*
Preferred :.:.... 13 U. a Rubber. 16
Manhattan Con sol. 86% Preferred 70
Memphis A Chads. 15 utlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 7 >\ab. b. L. & Pac.. l A
Michigan Central.. 92^ Preferred 18%
Minn A a L...;..;. Wells-Fargo 90
Preferred Western Union.... 78%
Minn <fc St. L com. 10 i Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred...... 62, Wheeling AL. 8.. 6 8 /*
preferred...... 37 Preferred......... 23
Missouri Pacific.. 17 Am Cotton Oil ptd. 38 Va
Mobile A Ohio 18 W. U. Beef t>*4
Nashville A Chart. 67% Aim Arbor 6 '
National Linseed.. 14 Preferred. 19
N.J. Central....... 91 14 Brooklyn Traction. 20V*
North American... 4% Erie 2d pfd 24
CXOMifa BON'm
U registered.. 108 MKT2ds 63
Do 4*. coupon 107 Do 4s 77
D 8 new, regstrdll2V Mutual Union 65. ..1<>8
Do 4s, coupon 113U.1N J Cent Gen 65. ..114%
Dovs P5 Northern Pac lsts. 112%
Do 110 Do2ds 106
1 els, coupon 111 Do Mds 58
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 North west Consols. 140
Do 1897 ....10i> i Do deb 6s 105
' Do 1898. ........ 10;) OR&N 1515.......108
Do 1899 .....100 StLitlronMtGen 6s 70
Pacitlc -is of >96.... St LA 8 F Gen 63. 110
DC3-65s 108V4St Paul C0n5015.. ..122%
Ala Claw A4s 100 St PCA Pa 15t5. ..114%
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 11l
La Consol 4s P3 Southern R X 65... 81-
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsis. 78
N Carolina con 65.. 115 ' Texas Pacific 2ds.. 15*4
Do4s 100 . Union Paolsts »B. 99
80 Carolina 4%5...*100 West Shore 4a. 101
Tennnew 35....;.. 75 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 58
V a funding debt... 65 R Grande West lsis 67
Do registered ChesdkOblo 65.. ..100%
Do deferred 65... 5 A unison 4s 73
Do trust rcpisst. 4 ' DoSdsA.... 32
Canada South 2ds.. 99%'GH«SA6s 101
Cen Pac Ists of '95. 98y» D02d75... 95
Den&RG Jst 109 H * Tex Cent 65.. 101
t Do4s. 86 Dooontfs. 102
Erie 2ds 68 Reading 4s 72%
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Missouri tfa. 100
Ks I'a lata Dendivlll Alabamba, class C.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Ens., July SO.— The spot market
is steady at 6s sd(jj»s 6d. Cargoes dull and weak at
-6s 3d, sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s IQ3/id: August, 4slO"/ 4 d; September, 4s 10*ia;
October, 4s lid; November. 4s lHid.
SKCURITrKS.
LONDON, Eno., July SO. — Consols, 113%;
silver, 31 %d; French Rentes. lOlf 47 Vac
EXCHAXtI. \N« BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 54 88 14
Sterling Exchange, Bight — ' 489V4
Sterling Cables — 4 gt)3,i
New York Exchange, sight — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 07%
Fine Silver. ♦» ounce. ; — 68%
Mexican Dollars ; 64 5*V4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— are lower and spot prices are
also weak. No. 1. 96c ¥ ctl; choice, 96%@97%c;
lower grades, 87%<292%c; extra choice for mill
ing, $I@l 10 it cv.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Inform Skssion — 10 o'clock — December—
400 tons. 9&34 C.
RKiiti-AB AioßNiNa Session— December— soo
tons. 98»ic
Afternoon Session— December— 100 tons,
983/ 4 c: 200, 98I&C
BAHLEY— The market continues to decline. We
quote Feed, 65@67%c: Brewing, 75@80c.
' CALL BOARD SAX.XS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 69c. * . •
Kkgular . Mobsixq Session— December— 100
tons, 69c
Aftkknoon Session— December— 2oo tons, 69c.
OATS— New Oats are selling at 70@80c. Old
milling B.'@ooc »* ctl: fancy feed, 90@92%c
5* ctl: kooo to choice. 82 v (0,90c; common 10 fair,
72V2@77%c; Gray, 80@8a%c: surprise, 95c@
$1 oa%. . .
CORN-Large Yellow. 87%@92%c 9 ctl : Small
Round do. 95@.98V4c; White. 77%@82%c fi ctL
RYE-72Vi@76c "$ ctl for old and 65c tor new.
BUCKWHEAT— 85@95c ? ca
FLOCK ANIJ MILIiSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 00@3 70 *>. bbi; Bakers' extras, 93 40©
8 50; superfine, 92 75@3.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 60320:
Cracked Corn, 920 50@21 i> ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour 91 10;
Rye Flour. 2%c; Rice Flour. ss^c: Cornmeal,
92 10; extra cream do, 2%c; Oatmeal, s2 90; Oat
Groats. 3%c; Hominy. *J 10@» 30: Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 SO; Cracked Wheat, 2% C ; Fa
rina, 3%c: hole Wheat Flour, 92 30; Rolled
Oats, 3%c; Pearl Barley, 3%c: Split Peas, $3 20;
Green do, 94 10.
. HAY AND FEEDSTUFF.S.
BRAN-913@14 for the best and $12@13 50 9
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-915@16 » ton for lower grades
and $17(0.1 H t>. ton for the best.
FKf.DSTUFFri, Rolled Barley, 915: Oilcake
Meal a- the mill. *21 V ton: jobbing, $22.
■■•HAY— Quotations show no further change. Re
ceipts are ample for all needs. Wheat, »7@10;
heat and Oat, 96 So©9; Oat. $6 50&8; Barley
$6@7 60; River Barley. $4 50@5: Alfalfa, 96-50®
« 60 for • second and . 94 bQ(g,t> for first cutting:
compressed, $6@3; stock, $4@5; Clover, 95 60®
STRAW— SO®4Oc 9 bale. .
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, 90@'J5c fl ctl; Small Whites,
$1(&1 15 ¥ ctl; Pea, 91(»i 20 * ctl; Large
Whites, 90c©f 1 07%: Pink, 7O@80c: Reds, $10
1 15: Blacice c, 91 15@1 40: Red Kidney, 90c:
Llmas. $2(g2 40; Butters, *I@l 40. .
SEEDS- brown Mus ard, $1 50©l 75 '■& ctl:
Trieste, 92 25@-: 76 V ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 6u<ai 75; Flax,sl 70@l 80; Canary, 2s,ic
t>, Ib; Alfalfa. 7V2&ByaO f* m; Rape. 2 Vac t» Us;
Hemp. 3%c fitb. • - -'; "
DRIED ±>EAS-$1 25@l 40* ctl for NUes and
91 26(f1,l 45 for Green, j
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Receipts are very moderate now
and the market is firm, . Garnet- Chiles are quot
able at 60©65 c:; Early Hose, 40@45c: Burbank
Seedlings. 40@60c V- ctl for Rivers and 75@86cfor
San Leandro; Salinas Burbanks, 76(a8bc « ctL
ONIONS-35@40c *ctl. .
VEGETABLES— Corn is doing better. Cucum
bers are ■a ' drug. Green Corn Is quotable at 50c
@$1 25 1* sack;. Alameda . Corn. 91 50@2 9
crate: Berkeley Corn, 9i@l 25 9 box; Sum
mer "quash, 10@26c for bay; Kk.e Plain, 60®
75c large box: Tomato* s, 65@75c for Rivers
and 15^25c for Vacavllle; Alameda Cucumbers,
10@35c f4 bx; Pickles, 7.V for No. 1 and 50@60 for
No. 3: Green Peppers. 2f«@soc 'ft large bx for Chile
and 75c '$ box for Bell: Green ■ Peas, 50c@91 V
sack for common and 2@2%c 9 Ib for Garden;
String Beans. 60cfe$l . '$ nk for common and 2f<^
2%c for garden: Llmas. s@6c: Green Okra, 50®
75c 9 box; Cabbage. 40c v ctl; Carrots, 2&&30 c
V sack; Garlic, %@2c %* lb. .
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER-Is steady, but quiet. HEM
Cbeameby— Fancy, 10@'i0c; seconds, 17%©
18i^jC V to. . . . '.'.■'
Dairy— Fancy, 17@l^c * Ib: good to choice,
16@18c: lower grades. 13@14c.
CHEKsE— «.;onilm:es to advance. Fancy mild
new la Quotable at B%@9c; common to good, 6Vi
f)Sc: Cream. Cheddar, lo: Young America, I
@10c 9 Ib; Avtstern, 10@llc; Eastern, ll@l3c.
J-.GGS— Ranch ' are very ' stiff ;at : the Improved
prices and good store ' Eggs are aiso doing better.
Kastern, 14@1 6c; store Eggs, 11@14c * doz for
poor and lt>@l7o for good; ranch Eggs, 17%(&
22-% c; Duck Eggs, 16@l»Jc. ■ •
POULTRY AND. GAME.
.'- POULTRY— The maricet continues depressed In
consequence of the recent ''receipts from the East.
, Live Turkey* lS@l4c for Gobblers, 1 1-@l4< for
Hens: you ne Turkeys, 17@l»c: Geese, ift pair. 91-
Uoslinrs. $l@ll 50. Ducks, $2 50f£3 50 for old and
$2 50@4 60 for youns: Hen.-*. $4 5(l(«5; Roosters,
young. 91 50^*):do, old. f'4(a4 60: Fryers. $h 50(Vu-i -
Broilers. »3(g>3 r6O - for large ana $150^2 60 fot
small; Pigeons, 9126@1 60 V dos tor young and
old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS * FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
Peaches ' are lower. Small ; Bartlett ■ Pears are,
hard to move. Plums are . steady. Figs keep
scarce. ;
Red Nectarines. 50@75c: White, 25©35 c fi box.
Peaches, Jo@3sc * box, 20@30c V basket and
9 1 5@J0 9 ton.
Plums. 25@50c » box and «o@7sc * crate;
White bulk,sao@2s f* ton; colored. $10016; Jap
anese Plnuj!i, j,6@soc.- prunes, 40@6Sc
■ Apples, 65^90c 'i box for choice and 40@G0c
for common. ■ - . • «
Crabapples, 25Q50C f> box.
Pears, 26<a40c^ bos; Bartletts, 20@40c * box
and $15<ia,20 V. tea.
, . Apricots are no longer worth quoting.
Figs. 60@85c p box lor single and 75c@$l 50 ft
box for double layers.
BERRIES— Raspberries and Blackberries are
doing better. "
Strawberries, $1 50(33 chest for Long
worths and 9 1 60@2 60 lor large berries.
I Raspberries. $•_• 6(X5,4 V. chest.
Blackberries. *2@3"?. chest
• APES— -i here s hardly any demand and ar
rivals accumulate. Muscats from Tulare County,
75c V crate. Vacavilie Sweetwaters and Fontaine
?. a , ux ' ®*0c ¥ box and 40@50c ft rate. .
MELONS— Watermelons, $B@l2 50 ' V, 100.
cantaloupes, 92 60@3 V dot Nutmegs, 76c@$l 50
.CITRUS FRUITS-Fresh supplies Of Limes
have arrived. Oranges, f3@4 * box for Va
lencia* • and |2@3 for Mediterranean Sweets and
M. Michaels: Lemons. Sl-60@2 60 for common
and $d@4 for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $8
1} box: Call tor nia Limes, 76c(a*l: Bananas, $I@2
«* bunch; Pineapples, $I@4 %* dozen.
DRIKD FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
The first sale or the Fruit Exchange wai success
ful and will be followed by others.
New Prunes, for future delivery, 3» 7 ic for the
four sizes.
Old stock is pretty well cleaned up, as will be
seen by the list of prices.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— New Apricots are quotable
at 6%@bs>c ft, 1. o. b., coast. Old Prunes. «c
Jobbing Prices— New Apricots, 5%@6%c: old
evaporated Apples, 4%<s * D>; Peaches. 3@sc and
6c for fancy; peeled in boxes, 11@12%c $ ft>; old
Prunes, 3c for four sizes; Figs, black. 3%c; White
Firs, S@sc f, th: Pears are out; Plums, B%@4c
for r pitted and l@l%c for unplltea; Nectarines,
4®Cc y, & for prime to choice. *
RAlSlNS— prices are as follows, carload lota, f.
O. b, >n>sno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crowu, 27/gc; ? ib; seedless Sultanas,
dc; seedless .Muscatels, I%LOi 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c i> box; clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, *2 10@2 26; Imperial clusters. $2 60@2 75.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose. 41,40: 3
crown, 3^c: 2-crown, 3y 8 e H). Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c $ Sb; seedless -Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
LonJon layers, 70®90c: clusters, «1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial clusters. *2 75.
J. 1 s— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9®
lie ior No. 1 hardan-1 H@l»c * Ib for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6®7%c * tt> for Lan-
Kuedoc, 2y 2 @3c Ib for hardshell ana B@loc
t» Ib for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@tS%c
# Ib for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B<a9c: Brazil Nuts, 7@Bc * Ib;
Cocoanau. 84 50©5 » 100.
HONEY-Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@6%c:
light amber extracted, 4%©4% c; dark amber, *(£
4V*c: dark, 2@sc a Ib.
BEESWAX-25@27%c H Ib. . ■
PROVISIONS.
CURED ATS— Bacon is quotable at 6%0
for heavy, 7%c * Ib for light medium. 9®9%c
for light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
curea; Eastern Su;ar^:ured Hams, 12fi>12%c;
California Hams, iO@llc f n; Mess Beef, »7
@8; t extra mess do, $8; family do, $10; extra
prime Pone, $B@B 60; extra clear, ana * bbi;
mess. *11 60@12 '# bbi: Smoked Beef, 10c # Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 514 c f>. Ib
tor compound and 61,4 c for pure; palls, 7c fi Ib;
Calltornia tierces. 4%c for compouna and 6%c for
pure: half. 4 c; 10-lb tins, 6 Vic; do 6-tt>,
6%C V lb.
COI-TOLENE— S%@SS4c in tierces and 6i,i@
6%c %l &> in 10- Ib tllasT
li I .<!>. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7@7%c "£ Ib; culls and brands,
6@6%c Ib; medium, 66*6 Vic » tt>; colls and
brands, 6@5.i/ 2 c t< Ib; light, sc: culls and brand*,
«c: Cowhides, n(g.sy.>c: culls and brands, 4@4%c;
salted Kip, &c *"&: salted Calf, 7@Bc; suited Veal,
6c: dry Hides. 10%@llc; culls and brands, 8@
8' 2 c: dry Kip and .Veal, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf.
16c; culls,- 10c; Goatskins, 20(535c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(530c; medium. 16@
25c: winter, 7@loc; i*heepsklU!i,Bheariings,lo@lsc
•■••.-h; short . wool, 20@>S5c each: medium, 40@
60c each; long wools, oO^tiOt each. Culls of all
kinds about %c less. •
TALLOW— .No. 1, rendered, 3@SVic; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 6%c: Grease. 21,4 c %* Ib.
WOOL— The Eastern markets are demoralized
and lifeless, as for the local market, it is dead,
and the scourers have discontinued operations,
there being no demand. Humboldt and Mendocmo.
10@llc; Valley Oregon. 10@llc; do lower grades, 8
@10c; Nevada, 6@B%c; ban Joaquln and south
ern Coast, six months, 4fd6c: San Joaquin, foot
hill, good to choice, 6%@7%c: San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4@5%c; northern iree, 7tg,9c: do defec
tive. s@ti%c ft Ib. '
HOP.-*— Nominal at 2@4c * Ib for 1896 and tt@
7%c tor 1896. ■- ■■- -
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 9* 25@4 30;
San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%®26%c
COAL- Wellington, $8 V ton: New Wellington,
$8 ? ton; Southfleld Wellington, 97 50 9 ton;
Seattle, $o@s 00: Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend. $7: t-cotch. $7 50; Brvnibo, $7 50
Cumberland, $11@12 In bulk and *13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 50; Welsh
Anihraclte, $8; Canuel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60: CoKe,
$ll(a in bulk and $13 ft ton In sks.
I SUGAR— Western r*ugar Kenning Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5 %c;
Powdered, 5 %c: Fine Crushed, 6 %c: Dry Granu
lated, 4*Ac; Confectioners' A. 43 4 c; Magnolia A,
4%c; Extra C, 4>/4c; Golden C, 4>,«c: hair barrels,
V4C more than barrels, and boxes %c more. ■ •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF- First quality, sc; second do, 4Va@4 s ,4c;
third do. 3i~ja4c V Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@6c: small, s@6c * Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers. 5@5%c: Ewes, 4%@5e
?. Ib.
LAMB-s®6c « Ib. - -
PORK— Live Hogs, S@3»4c 9 B> for large and
3%c for email -and medium; dressed do, 4%
*5%c »* tt).
RECEIPTS OF PHODUCE.
FOR '-4 HOtTRS.
Flour.qr. sks 7,166 Hay, tons. 81"
Wheat, ctls 86.717 Butter, ctls 301
Oregon 7,140 ("heese. ctls 135
Barley, ctls 22,400 Kggs, doz 12,060
Oais, ctls 2*^o Hides, no I' 4
Corn, ctls I.OiS Peltn, bdls 45
Beuns =ks l,7B6i Wine, gals. 59,300
Potatoes, sks.... 992 Wool, bis 47
Onions, sks 450 Oregon 81
Middlings, sks... 40 Quicksilver, nslcs 47
Bran, sks 1,674 Lumber, M feet.. 20
THE STOCK MARKET.
Yesterday was a repetition of the preceding day,
prices rising on the noon informal session and fall
ing back on the af.ernonn calL Chollar sold up to
92 H5, Con. Cal. a- Vu. to 91 90 and Potosl tosl 40,
these prices being considerably above the best fig
ures of the day hefore.
The close waa higher again, as will be seen below.
Confidence is aea*see4 30c.
At a special meet lag of the directors of the Bodie
Consolidated yesterday A. C. Jackson resigned as
director ard N. Westhelmer was elected In bis
plac . George C. Hickox resigned as president
aud N. Westheimer was elected to that position.
George R. Spinney resigned as secretary and John
W. Pew was elected to til; the vacancy. George C
Hickox will con:lnue as a director.
In the Bodie Consolidated mine during the past
week No. 1 east cn.sscut from the main nor h
drift. 200 leve!, was extended 13 : feet, passing
tniou;h small senina 01 quartz. Face in so t por
phyry. North drift from No. 1 east crosscut, 200
level, was extended 7 feet. Have run Into blue
clay and discontinued the drift. Work was sus
pended In the- north drift from No. 2 east crosscut.
level, durine the week. They have cleaned
out and tlniDered the upraise from the top of the
Bruce siodo for a distance of 30 feet. - Upraise
from east crosscut, MlO level. was advanced 26 feet.
. . 1 here is a seam of low grade quartz In the top of
the raise about 14 inches wl<le. Winze below the
550 level on the Norton* vein was advanced 6
f i et - There is a small seam of hiKh grade ore In
tin- bo. ton: o the winze. ' They are storing the ore
broken In the 550 crosscut, and when sufficient
ore ii extracted they will get up steam In the Lent
shutt and hoist the same to the surface
In the Bulwer Consolidated mine during the
past week, on the tunnel level, the south, drift
from west crusscut 3 wai ; advanced 6 feet: show-
Ing x Inches of ore cf only 920 value. The previous
i*'!' 1 ' 1 ' from the same place last week was. $5«».
I.alse 1 • from •- norm , stope 6-, shows about ,2
inches of ore of about $180 assay. Raise 2 shows
about 2 inches of ore. .'with: no 'Change in value.
On the 20ti leve. stores 8 and 9 above west cross
cut 1 shows 5 to b inches of very variable rock.
Daring i he week th« following amounts of ore were
extracted: From tunnel level 1.5 :ons, cur-sam
ple assay $276: 1.16 tons assay $93; .6 tons, as
say fo6, and 10.5 tons, asi»y 9183. Total, 13.75
tons.
The Goleta assessment of 20c and the Monteclto
and Sterling ass. ssments of 15c each will be delin
quent in office .a usu« I. ' . ■
The otitcial report of the work"done In the Sav
age ruiue during the past week states that on the
W5O level the north prospecting drift from the fifth
floor of the upraise in east crosscut »U advanced 33
feet. The lace is in porphyry and quartz. < The
south |.ros]#ctini{ drift irom th- fitth floor of the
north upraise Is advanced - 30 . feet. -. The face
Is in r porphyry and quartz. ? The .main
south drift is advance.l 65 feet. The face is In
qu.'rtz They have resume work In e»st crosscut
3 and 1 aye advanced the same 29 feet, r/1 he ; face
is in quartz ana porphyry Dnrli.g the wee*,, they
extrtcied 43 carload* of ore from the too of the
upraise in i ast crosscut 3. | The car, samp es I aver
age 91 4 50 per ton. on the 900 level the. upraise
4» feet south of the north upraise Is 'advanced 'llB
" et - _ The top Is in quartz giving low assays. On
the 750 level the east crosscut from the main
south drift, 110 feet south from tne shaft. is ad
vanced 18 feet/ The face Is in quartz giving low as
says. on the Brunswick lode, at shaft I, on the 300
level, work was resumed In the joint north drift,
which has been advanced 33 feet, making its total
length from the shaft station 111 feet The face
Is in quarts and porph ry.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past week
was 9 iom and 426 pounds of ore. The assay value
of the same was $28 23 per ton. The ore came
from small seams id the north drift on the 900
level.
In the Crown Point mine the raise from west
crosscut 2 on the 600 level has b?en stopped In
porphyry, and they are preparing to raise from
the lateral drift near r «st crosscut 1 on a streak of
quartz giving fair assays, on the eleventh floor of
tlie 1 00 level raise they have extended the west
crosscut 2i feet, making its total length 34 feet.
It has passed through a mixture of porphyry and
quartz, the latter of the gold variety, assaying
from $6 to $9 per ton, the face being'now in the
same char»ct.-r of material. They are timbering in
the south drift from the raise on the 1100 level,
and are putting in square- sets at that point pre
para:ory to extracting enough of the quartz un
covered at that point to make a practical milling
test of it.
The Belcher mine yielded 55 mining carloads of
ore, assaying fil 72 per ton, during the past week.
The yield of the Segregated Belcher mine for the
past week was 21 mining carloads of ore, averag
ing by assay 920 69 per ton.
kiOAx, •• >AL,.iS.
Following were thb sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: •;.*.".
-IEBnUR MORNtv 1 •►«•.••>- ,„..., » v - TKt 1;T1.
ISOO Alpaa.;.lslOoChallge...sO3Oo Mex......60
100 Andes.. ..3l -'UOO Cliou. .2.80U00 0cc1dt1....59
100 Belcher.. .HB .50 ........2.»5 100 ...58
300 39 60 ..........2.75 .'JSU Potoal. 1.35
Benton ...14 1000 Con 1m..02 50 1.40
•JOU BAB 59 200 C Point. . .iU\M)O Sava« 78
300 ...... :..'.'. 60 1500 Exchqr..Os 50 Union.. 47
300 8u11i0n. ..20 SOO O &C... .78230 Utah 11
000 21 800 U&N. .1.35800 YJaOlKei..43
200 Caleda....!:-; 10 CC*V... 1.65 200 ............42
600 Challnsr...49 300 Mxcn 681
. All KRNOOV «K8«IOX— 3111.
200 81cher....40 500CCAV..1.80. 60 Occdt 63
100 39 100 Confl ...1.10 300 P0t051..1.25
«60 B A 8... 60 100 1.16 600 Bay 74
100 59 300 Exchqr... o6 200 72
300 8u11i0u...20 200 «iAC 100 .....73
ZOO dialing.. .49 400 HAN.. .1.25 200 Uni0n.. ..48
160 100 Mxcn.....60 300 V J*ckt...43
500 Ch0ur....2.55 100 0cc1d.....60 300 42
400 2.601
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday:
RS'MM.aH PFIWTO-C— T»:T1, ■■
1100 Alnha .. 15.100 CCV. ... Occldtl... 59
400 Alia. 11 100 1.72V«200 Ophlrl.l7^
300 Andes. ...3l 600 .........1.90 400 1.10
800 33300 ...1.85 300 _.1V 8
300 8eicner...39161) Conn.... 1.16 600 1.16
200 B A* 611700 C imp Ovrinn. ..20
200 62400 CrwnPt... 4o BoU Poiosi.:l.3o
800 ';.... 6.1900 OAC fcO ! 150 1.32 V,
300 .641400 76 1000 1.36
100 Bullion... 31200... 75 800 1.40
1100 20 000 7-1,2900 9av 78
2008u1wer...85 400 HAN ...1 .30 100 76
300 Ca1eda. ...13 1200 ........ 1.35900 77
200 ChUnge... 4B|4oo 1.32i /2 > 400 ......80
150 Ch0ir. ..2. 45 200 Julia 07 300 ...... M ....74
50 2.60 300 Justice. ...06 600 Scorplon_o7
300 ...... 2.55 200 Kentck....O7 300 SBAM 14
450 3.60200 Mexn 69 450 Nt 64
460: 2.6&300 .....:... ...60 1000 511H111.. 02
200 .... ...2. 671* 300 61 1000 03
1100 2.70 700 .....63 600 Union C...48
600 ...23/4 400 t>4 800 Utah. .....11
200 2.80 600 Occd 60 600 X Jacket.. 43
miiisooN bkbsiox— •-. \x
200 AiDba 14 200 CCAV... 1.90 300 Occd 03
300 Alta. 11 100 1.82Va200 63
200 Andes.. ..3l 200 1.85 \>o<) Ophlrl.o7J/4
100 32 600 1.92 Vj 400 1.10
1200 34500 1.96 200 1.17^
200 Belcher ..40 150 c0nf1... . 1.10 100 Overman ?o
3UO BAB 6t» ! iO 1.07^300 i'otos; . . 135
100 60 200 1.05 400 1.27 i/i
200 61, 2000 Con 1m..02 200 I.S2V^
200 64 200 C Polnt-..39 300 Save... .73
400 66800 41400 77
200 67 200 txcnqr ...05 300 78
500 69300 OAC 73 300 79
lt>o Bodle 51300 75400 SO
300 Bullion... 20 200 792005NV... 6VS
1200 21700 82 200... 64
100 8u1wer....55 300 HAiN... 1.25 300 69
200 Cha11ge...49 10 J 1.27 \-> 300 Union 47
300 48 300 Kentuck..OB|2OO 60
400 Ch0ir.. .2.60 600 Mcx sb|loo ,53
300 2.5M300 61200 54
200 2.ti0600 64 2-JJ U:*a 11
600 2.35 100 Mono 20 30i» V Jcki_.4l
300 2.70 100 Occd bOIIOO 43
300 23,4600 53i
IJLObIKU QUOTATIONS-
THURSDAY, July 30-4 F. 
Btd.A»kad.\ / - JtidLAiked.
Alpha Con. ... 16 17 Jn11a.....; — 08
Alta. 10 .12 Ju5tice......... 05 06
Andes. 34 35 Kentnck....... 08 09
Belcher 42 43! Lady Wash.... — 04
Beßt&Belcher 67 69 Mex'-*n....... 66 68
Bodie 50 — Moiiv. ....... 20 —
8u11i0n........ 21 22 Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. Si — North G& C. 07 —
Caledonia...... 12 14 Occidental. ... 60 61
Chollar ....... 2.80 2.85 Ophir .....1.15 1.20
Con. CalAVa... 1.95 2.00 Overman. 19 20
Challenge Con. 60 — P0t05L. ....... .1.35 1.40
Con. Imperial. 01 t2 Savage 81 83
confidence 1.10 1.15 Scorpion 05 06
Con New York — ' 04 Sec Belcher... 14 16
Crown Point... 39 41 Syndicate — 04
KastSlerraNev — 114 silver Hill 02 08
Eureka Con ... — 25 Sierra Nevada. 68 70
Kxchequer .... 05 06 Union C0n..... 66 58
(ioula A Curry. 81 ■ 82. Utah 11 12
H ale A..Norcrs.l.'.-5 1.30 Yellow Jacket. 42 44
Jackson 25 — » •
MOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jnly 80-3 r- *.
rNITF.I> STATICS BONUS,
Bid. Asked.] ■ I ■ ■ Bid. Asked.
US coup.. 105 V^ — CSti tef... — 107%
Do new lssuelllVs — I":'
mtCKLUNKODH RON-nt
Cal-stCbieS*. 109 112 |PacßoUM6s, — —
Cal£lecL6s - 123 Do 2d is 65... — _
CntraCWSs — 94 l'*OKyBj. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp 94 99 PiChßy6«. — 112
KdsnL4P6sllBy l2o Pwl-st RRBv — 116^
F&CHKK6S. — 105 Reno, WutL — 105
Geary-itß6s. — 107 Sjicto PA L. — . 10_'iA
LosAngL6s. — 99 ISF&NPROs. —"• 98Vi
DoUuteed6i — 100 'si'RHArlz6s — —
Mkt-siCbie6sl2l — SPRUCaI6s. — 110 M,
DoUyConSs-1033,4104 SPRBCaI 6s. — -
NatVinOslst 96 — SPBrRCal6s. — • 991/2
NevCNgß7s. 86 105 SVWater6s..ll9JAlloii
XPCRKBI - 108 SVWater4s.. 88 98V,
XRy Cal 6s. — 101 StktnG&E 8s — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 |Suns:T&T6s. — » —
Oak Gas 55. .102 - Sutter-stRSs.
Uo2di:»ss.. - 106 VlsallaWC«M - •— ••
Omuibus 0a.117 1191,4 '' < •::
WATKK RTOCK*.
Contra Costa — 40 iSanJose... — —
Marinco.... 50 — jSprngValier 86Vs 97
FAS 6TCKKS.
Capital 10 ' 26 Vi Pacific Llzht - 49%
Central- 95 — San Francsco 894fc -
Oak L<fe H 52 521 block ton — 20
PacUaslnip. 82 83 , ,- ( . ■
IKSI.'HANCK STOCK*.
Fireman's Fd 165 170 |Bnn 35 BO
rOMKKBCIAI. BANK STOCKS.
■AmerBATC. — — (London PAA. — 127
Anslo-Cal 61»/l — LondonASF. — 27Vi
Bank offal.. - 235 Merch Ex... IS —
Cal S D&TCo 63^4 - I.Nevada — —
First Na.loni. — 183 Sather B Co. — —
"AVISOS RANK STOCK*. '
OerSALCo.I29O 1347% s «v A Loan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1460 security —275
Mutual — 40 Uuloii Trust. 700 —
BthavUulon — 485 i .
BTRKBT KAII.RO 4 r>«T<>CK«.
California. ... 108 - ;Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 Presidio 7*4 8
Market-su... 41 4,2 ,Suiter-st — —
I'u'.l I'll; STOCKS.
Atlantic n... 15 — {Giant Con.... IJV* IBV2
Eastern D... 70 — Judson U..^. - -
California.... 70 — Vnora. — 90c
MISCRLLANKOUS STOCKS.'
Alaska Piers. 81% — iNatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 24
Cal <01 Mills - — PacAUxFA 1 / —
Edlnon Lightlls% - , FacßoraxCo. 98 . 100
GasConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 35 — Part PainiCo 6% , 7%
HuwCASCa. 15 16% PacTrxnsCo. — 24
Hutch Sl'Co 18 18U, Pac T<feT Co. — 80
MerExAssn.lOU 110 '": Sunset TAT. 41 —
JjEleeLljht — . 4% Culled C Co. — Hi
.'■.-. bA!.K3— lil.K > . < . mm/tatof. ■
'■ •"• Board— ' '>vv&3i>tiB9&AßflSßij333g
10 Edison Light <& Power C 0:. .......... 114 00 '
10 do do ..: 113 76
10 V Water .87 Ml
60 . do do 96 76 ■
■ Sri-p«»L— :
91000 Market-st Hv Con 6% Bondu 104 00
$3000 aY 4% Bonds b 3 ................ 98 75
SALES— AFT nBJIO* .
Board— ■ . ;..
-50 S V Water.............. 98 76
: 10 Vdo ;do .......'... 9« 87^
$2000 S V 6% Bonds 119 121,,
$1000 do, b 2.. 119 25 ,
■ • •^•rrpt — . .......
6000 Market-»l Railway Con 6% Bonds . 104 00 .
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jcly, 1896.
Mo.
Tu.
w.
Th.
\~~~\
1 J2l|i!^| -• MoOB ' 9 Phases
1
' 3 '
3 ;*., L^Lut Quarter.
— : __; vi,/ ■ July 2.
10 11 | tj., - ■ - ',
■ - . gr% New Moou.
17 18 J "' y -
■~ — : : •**! First Quart m
24 26 \J) . ' July 17.
I "
li
— -.
«
7
8
9
13
Lh
14
15
18
"~~
•**iFlwt QuartrH
\J) : July 17.
19
20 i
SI
n
23
N
27
28
29
30
31
A , Fall Moon.
A** July 24.
OCEAN ST EAMERS.
Dat«s of Departure From Sun Francisco.
FTKAKK.S i l>-WTt»Tins. |
MtM
| PIKR.
Orizaba......
inn ;.....
Truciteo ....
Pomona ...
State of Cal.
bant* Bosm.
CltyPuebla..
*•• PauW....
A rent*
Weeott ......
Australia
A Blanch aura
C0r0na......
Colombia..:
Jar alien...
Imu ....
Mexic0.....;.:
i'ooi uaT....:.
Coos 8ay..... >
Hum bold tJß»r
i»ornana.»....'
6an niexo... .
Vie a l at tine.
Nawoort ......
Oregon ports.:
Eel KiTtr.T...
Honolulu
Oregon ports..
San Metro.
Portland .v...:
laanina bar..
MtwDore ......
July.ll. loam
Jul.v3l.lUam
Aup I,loam
l Aug 1. -.ru
Alls- I.loam
Aug . 1. 11 All
AUK 2. »AU
Auk ,3. Bam
Aug 3, 4pm
Aug 4. 6rM
Aug ,4.10 am
Aue 4. 6pm
Auk 5.11 am
AUg ti.H'AM
Aug «• 9am
Aug 7, 9am
Pier 11
Tier 13
Pier 8
Pier • '
Pier '.'*
Pier 1 L :
Pier 9
Pier 11 ;
Pier a 4
Pier IS "
Oceania
Pier 13 1
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 2 1
Pier 11-
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Htkam.-.r
KH'i.h
II
C1e0ne.... ....... ; Crescent City July 31
B<ilelc.... ; ! China and Jaoan ..July 3)
romoni.... Hnmboid; tur. July 31
North 4'orc i Huruboidt Bay Ju'y 31
Area:* ...■......' Portland.:.. ...'..■........ July 31
Paul ......... Ntwoon, . ...... ..^. ...... ..Am '1
UacKlnaw ...... i>rom».... Aug'l
Weeott... *>i Kivor Aus . 2
alice Blancnard Portland ....~ ..Ang -
p0r0na. ......... San Uleeo. .Aug 3
I'olninoia ...-..; Porjlana....;: Aug 3
Lraacent cur. .. Crescent City- Aug 3
WaUa Walla.... Victoria Jt Puttet aoana ..Aug 3
Farallon.. Yaauln* nar.. ...... .^. ..Aug 4
Del None ...... Grays Haroor Aug 5
San Bemto Tacoma.. Aug' 5
Prosreso... Seattle.. Aug 6
Progressist....;. : Departure 8ay... ...; Aug 6
Eureka _.-i Newport.... ..Aug 5
Lrago.. Coos Bar :.... Aug 6
l«Dt* K0ta.. . ... Han Dim.. ......;.. ... ..Auk 7
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
r. P. Coast attp Okopstio pttrvkt Trof>
. BUDI.KTIW PrBLISHKI) BY OpnciAt. >'
iWHOHITT OF THE SIIPKBIXTRXD«KT )
Frtdav, July 30
Pnnrls#« 5.10 1 Moon rises...,' 10.22pm
Sun seta ...7. 21 1 Moon sets. ..
Julv-ISI6. ~ "
> I!™! FeetlH^j Feet ZJjHflFeei \ Ti ™' Fee.
g II W 1 L W ! » W I [ L W 1
51 1 4.39; S.6| 9.14 1 2.3! 4.lb| 5.2]11.vi0| I7t
: . . AuoriT. .■ ■
1 6.09 5.2 9.44 2.8 4.47! 5.81
LW ■ H. W . iI. •» H W
2 0.24 1.2 7.47 3.3 10.24 2.9 6.26 5.4
3 1.24 0.8 aJO 3.11 ll.L!i) 3.6 0.15 5.C
4 2.17 0.3 10.03 3.812.41 3.6 7.13 5. ;
6 3.03 -0.2 10.44 4.0 1.56 3.6 8.09 5.(
6 X 4& -0.5 11.17 4.4 3.00 3.6 9.04 t>.]
7 4.25 —0.8 1 11.45 .4.6 3.56 3.3 9.57 6.;
soti-U the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in tho left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence a' to time. The second time
column gives tbe second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlgh:
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to th*
soundings on the United StaMs Coant Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given is vubtractiv*
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BYLLETIN.
Branch Htdrogbaphic Office, U. S. N., •>
■ Merchants' KICHAN'OF. V ■
San Francisco. July 30. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hlli wai aronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at . noon of the l'.'O'.a
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. it., Greenwich time, .
. • A. F. Fechtk.i.kr, .
' •■••-■- Lieutenant I. -. N. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
An i v.-.1.
THURSDAY, July 30.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland 20 hours from Monterey,
etc; produce, to tioodall, Perkins <fc Ca
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 42 hours from Coos
Bay: pass and mdse. to J I) Spreckels A Bros Co.
stmr Geo Loom is, Bridgett, H6 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to ord-r. Uo river direct.
Br stmr Monowai, Carey, 24 days 15 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 16 hours; pass and
mdse. to J D Sprectels A Bros Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 14 hours from
Navarro and way ports; pass and mdse. to Jklan
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 621,4 hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, 63 hours from Tillamook;
265 M f i lumber, to Trucker Lumber Co.
Ship Soarcan, Polite, 9 days from Seattle; 3289
tons coal, to i' B Cornwall.
scbr Equator, RnndeUne. 20 days from Chignik
Bay: 1612 cs salmon, to Hume Packing Co.
Schr Annie Gee, Pearson, 12 days from Fort
Hadlock: iurnber, to W J Adams.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing: 15OM ft lumber, to F Heyw.od.
Schr Orion, Anderson, 6 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 20 hours from Caspar;
150 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jansen, 60 hours from Shel
ter Cove: 1. 0 cs bark, to Beadle <S Co.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson, 50 hours from En
reka; 100 Mft lumber, to Taylor <fc Co; Oakland
direct.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newb&uer <fc Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega;
40 bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Cieareil
THURSDAY", July 30.
Br stmr China, Seaburv, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu: P M S S Co.
Htmr Empire. Anderson. Astoria; N P S S Co.
Br ship Craigmore, Veysey, Uueenstown; F.ppin
ger A Co. .
Br simr Llnlithgow, Petne, Lelth; Balfour.
Guthrie A Co.
Sailed.- . <.;^:
THURSDAY. July 30.
Br stmr China. Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu. . . ■
tstrar Alb.ou, Lunaqulst. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, Portland. -
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stuir Bonlta, Con way. Port Harford, etc. . •
Stair Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Navarro, Hardwlck, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Mineoia, Pillsburv, Comox.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson, san Pedro.
Ship sterling, Davis, Sydney.
Bark Oregon, Parker. Nauaimo.
Bktn W H Dimond, Niison, Honolulu. '
Brig JD spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona. •
Schr Bertie Minor. Ravens, Eureka.
Scnr Bessie K. Anderson, Almou.
Schr Ocean Spray, Skipper, Irersena Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson.
- Returned.
THURBDAY, July 30.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Arff. hence July 29 for
Grays Harbor, on account of carrying away flying
jibboom on July 30. at 3 am, in 37 10 N 123 14
W, In a moderate N W wind.
Schr Etta B, Maaaen., hence July 29 for Fort
Ross, on account of disabling machinery.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Jnly 30 -Id p. it — Weather
hary winu W: velocity. 6 .nidi
Charr«r«.
The bktn City of Papeete loads mdse for Tahiti;
oktu Planter, lumber at Euruboldt Bay for Syd
ney, 42s 6J: Ger birk \Vl:jdsbrandt, lumber oo
the «ound for Guayaquil, 3Ps 3d— prior to arrival;
bktn s X Castle, mdse. for Honolulu.
The fir ship Loch Linniie was chartered prior
to arrival tor wheat to Enrope, 30s.
July 20-31 N 18 w, Fr bark Relne Blanche, fm
Swansea, for San Francisco.
Mar 30—23 H 121 W, Br ahlp Soudan, front Ta
coma for Queenstown.
ltomentic Port*.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived July 30--3tmr National
City, from Coos Bay.
EVERKiT Arrived July 30-Stmr Lakrue,
hence July 26.
KEDONCO- Arrived July 80-Stmr Caspar, fm
Fort Bragg.
bailed— chr La Gironde, for Grays Harbor.
FOlir BRAOO- Arrived July KO-Schr Queen,
from Redondo; stmr Rival, hence July '29.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 30-svmr North Fork
for San Francisco.
Arrived July SO-S.nar Pomona, from San Fran
cisco: stmr Excelsior, hence July 29: stmr Arcata,
from Portland.
NEWPORT— SaiIed July 30— Schr Bertha Dol
beer, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July SO— Sctirs Mary
and Ida and L has R Wilson, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived July 30 — -chr Corinthian, he
July 'it.
CSAL— Sailed July 30— Stmr Scotia, for San
Fraucisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived July SO— Stmr Whites
boro, hence July 29.
SEATTLE— sailed July 30— stmr Progresses for
San Francisco.
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK.— Sailed July 30— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
Foreign Port*.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 28— Br stmr Em
prt-ss of China, from Vancouver.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 29— Br ship Mara
thon, from Oregon.
UL KEN STOW N— Arrived July 29 — Br ship
Duuboynr. from Port bos Angeles.
saiK-d— Uer ship Arthur Fitter, tor Liraerlek.
SANTA ROSALIA -Sailed July la— Ship Guar
dian, for Port Hadluck.
PORT PIRFE— In port July 6— Br bark Clalr
mont. for Puget Sound.
KRF.EMANTLE— In port July 6— Br bark Na
tin.i. tor Royal Roads.
lmport»rim».
. NAVARRO-Per Point Arena— 2 ska potatoes,
— HR ties.
Point Arena— s3 bxs butter, 3 firkins 3 pkgs do,
9 dressed hogs, 18 piiijs indie.
Mendoclno M ft lumber. ' v ■
SAN i>lE(iO— Per Santa Rosa— bxs lemons.
107 pcs stone, lbx hue tires, 24 bbls tallow, 1 bx
r bouts, 'i bxs dry goods, 50 bxs . oranges, .27 bdis
dry fisti, 1 cs pineapples, J. bxs limes. Ics pic
tures. 7 el syrup, 1 bbl c oil, 27 bJls •.. dry fish. 1 bx
elect samples, '2 cs bale powder, Ics cocoonuts, IS
cs tobacco.
• San Luis Oblspo— 2o9B sks barley. ■ -
bteeles— B2l2 sks barley, 120 sks wheat. - '
Nlpoma— SOOsks beans, 1496 sks barley. '
Arroyo Grande— ls3B sks barley,
Santa Maria— ls3B sks barley, ■' : '
.-: Santo Mar a-16i>l ■ sks barley, 1266 sks beans.
244 sis oats. -V -■ • ■• ■ ■ •'- .-,: ■_:-.-,
Port Harford— l9 cseggs, 104 Mis hides and
pelts. 3 bxs hardware, 1 iron safe, 12 scrapers. 1"
poles. 24 wheels, 2 Kegs nalls,2 kegs 16 bxs butter
1 blower.' 33 bxs g prars, 1 3 bxs green apples. Ics
mdse, •-''-' dressed calves, ■' ti ■ coops chickens, 7 bxs
green apples. . :-'■■;••:*,<■ . ■
;. Santa Barbara— l 3 pkgs mase, 3• cs olive oil J»9
bxs lemons, 5 fish. 41 sks crawfish, 7 bbls tal
low, 1 bx green fruit, 1 bbi plants, 1 bx bacon, 130
bdls hides and pelts. ','■-.. . ■
Port Los Angeles— l 6 puncheons wine. 815 ska
corn, So bxs lemons.
: Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 7 Iron roll
ers, scs mdse. 3 pkgs stationery. 7 cs tomatoes. 24
sks asbestos. 130 bdls hides 1 cs cigars
m ßeiondo-137 bxs lemon *- 6 *>** garden seed, 2
ml. rollers, 3 pksjs mdse, 1 Ux machinery.
w Los Angles v.a Bedondo-U:pkgs mdse. 2 rolls
matting, 1 cs drugs. 1 career pump. <
hh^H TA « " / '- Per ' «lpsy-»0 pk*s mdse, 400
bbls Urn*, 3en chef 2 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, 22
bxs apples. »9 rolls leather
Moss Landing—] bx butter. '
Watsonville— 118 pkgs mdse, 3*o sks oats.
*£ l Mr 1 ! 1 -* 0 , pkgs mdse. i }»»■"*
oats. 2495 sks barley.
COOS BAY-P.-r Truckee-490 tons coal. 2 pkes
mdse, 91 bxs butter, 73 hogs. W
for Truckee-J D Spreckels A Bros Co; C Gross-
well- Sherman, Clay Co; C E Whitney & Co;
Hills Bros: Standard Oil Co. .^ ,
Per •Wipsv— Standard Oil Co: Cal Bottling Co;
Chas Uarley A Co: Norton, Teller <fe Co: A \V Fink
* Co: Chas Harley * Co: Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
.Dairymen's Union ; A tialli Fruit Co; H Dntarrl ;
Herman Joost; Hammond A Brod: ■: CCarpy <fc Co:
Moore, Ferguson &Co; : LG Sr»sovlch A Co; Kron
Tanning Co; Geo \V McXear; wetmoreßros; W S
Lewis; iJakcr <fe Hamilton; H Cowell A Co; Buffalo
Brewery: Waugenheim, Sternlieim Co; Tnbba
Cor J age Co. "
- Per Point Arena— Ross Hewlett: O W Zen;
Wilson A Baechtel; Martin, Feusler* Co; Bender
Bros: F B Hai«ht. UItfIQUJCTi "*aa»^
Per Santa Ro<»— P.uss, Sanders * Co: Melczer A
Co: s Miller, Sloss A Scott ; Wheaton, Brbon A Co ; 3
Strauss; C Carpy A Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co : J
M Ping: Hllmer, BredhoffiS scliulz:. Hills Bros: F
Uri &Co: Dairymen's Union : Kissinger <& Co: J L
Howard; Enterprise Brewery: Jonas Erlanger <fc
Co; S Levy A Co: L D Stone A Co; MilwauKee
Brewery: Lli Sresovlch A Co: Hall ~afe A Lock
Co; Wltzel A Baker; II Waldeck; James Wagner;
L Benusst: Herrin «t Co: J A Lemon: Buffalo
Brewery: Slnshelmerßros; Geo W McNear; 8 Pac
Milling Co; Xewnull Land A Pert Co: s Jacobs:
M T Freitas A Co: Norton, Teller A Co: X S Hor
ton: San Franci.ico Brewery: Wctmore Bros; G X
Siarr<tCo; Wolf* Son; Lev! Spiegel A Co; WE
Jackson: A Gall! Fruit Co: W Sumner A Co: F
Cava:;nara; Campodonlco A Malcolm: Pac Paving
Co; Kvelethifc HDutard; LScatena*Co:
Wilson A Baechtel; W B Sumner A Co; lm mcl A
Co; Gray A Barblerl: Dal ton Bros: Haas Bros: II
O (iiocnhou.t: southern - California Fruit Ex
change: J Ivancovlch V E Whitney <fcCo: J
Catre: biiasei Seed and Plant Co; X J Bowen A Co;
(1 Camllioni A Co: American Union Fish Co: US
stmr Oregon United States Brewery: Harry-Unna
Co; Pac Transfer Co: Norton Tanning Co: Cleve-
Garcia <£Maggini: HDuiarU; Eroo.s-l-ollls Co:
Koiiier & Frob mg; Western Meat Co: J' J Duffy <fc
Co; Morgan A Wright: Chloda A Ma-h: Union Oil
*'o; X b Faullcerson: \V F Smith A Son: Pac Coast
Fish Co; California Wino Assn; Coburo. TevM <fe
Co: Milan! A Co: Franks <t Co: KB Beck A Co; .1
Hendry Machine Works: Lacbman <£ Jarobi; M
O'Brien: Cutting Packing Co: J Wagner Mnfg Co;
Barttert Springs Mm Water Co: John Robertson;
Berges A Domenlconl: An.treas Dunnan.
For Latr Shipping Intrllipence <->■<• Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN EXCURSION ON TIIE ALASKA
EXCURSION STEAMER MEXICO.
CAPTAIN BENNETT. ■. .. ••
Will leave Broadway Wharf SUNDAY, August '1,
at .9:30 a. m.. returning home at 7 p.m. Upoa
leaving the wharf the Mexico will run down the
bay to the Uniou Iron Works, affording an oppor-
tunity to view the battle-ship Oregon and the-
wrecked shit) Blairruore. thence sk'rtinz the
Farallones to Pigeon Point and wrecked steamer
Colombia, where the divers and wreckers are at
FARE <&O FOR ROUND TRIP.
FARE «37«£. FoX ROJND TRIP.
. Tickets for sale. by Piper-Ade.i-Uoodall Co., 24
Clay St., or at steamer. r/.
■ Meals served on board. String Band In attendance
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP (WAI!
STEAMERS will wail from v><tt
Broadway wharf, tian Francisco, as aa&K •
follows: . :
For Mary Island. Lorlnc WrangeL Janeau, Kli-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at V a. m., July 3, 13,
18. 28 mi . .-. la. $7.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO, Por: Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. k.
July 3. '■». 18. 1«. -23. 2«. and every flftH
day thereafter, connecting -at Vancouver trltn
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R,
at Seattle with G. S. tty., at Port Townsend wit*
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and FieMs Landing (Eat»
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m., ju .>. 8. VJS,
16 2:). •_•*. '2« and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuoo%
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, s&a:»
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme. San Pedro. Eait Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a: m.. July
•J. n. i" 11. is, &£ -o, 60 and every fourth day
thereafter. ' .
For San Diego, stopping . only at 1 Port Harfort
(San Lais Oblspo), Santa - Barbara, Port Los
AiHrelea, Redondo (Lo* Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. ic .tii f>. «• 12. la, -jo, 24, 2" an! every
fourth day thereafter.- -
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mar.atlan, U%
Pax and Gnaymas (M.exloo), s;r. Orizaba. 10 a. m,
Jn ■ ;m<l -Jitii "t "Hoii tnenih thereafter.
Ticret office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
OOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Oen'l Agents.
10 Market at. San Francltoe.
O. 15.. _c«3 IST.
ASTORIA AILPORTUNa
$6 Second Class, $12 First Glass,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails ....-....'.Ju1y 27, August 6 IB
State ot California sells.. Jury 22, August 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it.
UOODALL PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
e.Sp M«rlr. f \."Z..
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLANTiqDB
French Lin- to Eavm. ■ •-
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH _m_rm
VJ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&SMSS?
this line avoid both transit oy English rail way ana
the discomfort of crossing the channel' in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $116.
A TOURAINE. Capt. Santelll.. .. May 23. 8 a m.
LA N0RMAND1E........ May -.'a! 8 a.' it
LA GASCOGNE Juno 20, 7 A it.
i.A IfOH i >Ni>lr „ July*. 6a. x.
LA GAfeCOGNE July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE August 1, sa.il
LA BOUROOGNE. Capt. Leboeut .June 6, 7 a v.
, J93~ Je'Qt further particulars apply to "... - ■■■■■■
_ __ A. FORGET. Agent,
- - £ S *??.Z Hn * Oreen, New Yorlt
0 - ent * 6 Montgon^,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. " /T\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, fcU. HONOLULU .
NEW ZEALAND, fl my
AUSTRALIA. VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
«. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only Tues-
day, August 4. a- 10 a. if. Special party rates. '
S. S. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, August '-M?
LinetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. ,
J. D. SPB.ECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
Freight Office, 327 M %t% n &ffnS L
white ma LINE. :
United States and Royal ;. Mail Steamers
BEIWEBS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
: SAILING EVEKV \VKKK. •
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -«»
ing to steamer and accommodations smBBK
selected: second cabin, $; .:-•> and *4/ 0; Maje™ ™o
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, . Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail "Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street, i
under Grand Hotel. v. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent ror Pacific Coast.
FLINT & CO.'S
PACIFIC COAST CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Forts.
. FROM NEW YORK: . i ...:.,-
The Al Clipper 5hin...... WM. H. M ACT
' - Amesbury, Master. '-
FROM PHILADELPHIA:
The A 1 Clipper 5hip..... ........... a. J. FULLER
Colcord, Mastsr.
Insurance effected at lowest rates.
For freight apply to FLINT & CO., 68 Broad
street. New. York. .
Consignees in Ban Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
A CO., :."2 Cslifernia street..
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASI'IXWALL Vfcsa.
O fortnightly for th» West Indies and ■TVOLiSS
Southampton, calling en route at C«rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passencers.
Through bills of l*din*, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. a Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg. Southampton. First class, $195: third-
class, $97 50. For further' particulars apply to
": •• " . I'AB.ROTT A CO.,' Agents.
■ ■ ' ■ - • ■'■--■■ .--i .■ SIM' •■-■!■ «rnla St. ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At ti F. M., Daily, irngli. received up
' tu>:.{)i'. jI. . - • ■
47* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■■'■■ i* .: sXKAJIKIts: ..' ■ ■ .-■
T. C. Walker. .1 . D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, - City. of Stockton.
'1 eiephone Main 805. fax. a y. and Iniyc co
U.S. SAYYYARD. MARE ISL AND, VALLEJO,
*Beniria, *Part tosia. *('r«fkeii mid *Valoiu.
■*■";■-•' STR. MONTHKLLO,
Daily 10:30 a. m.. 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays ••10:80 l
a.m.), 3:30 P. m. ; Sundays 8 p. m. only.' Offices'
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
2 »1- HATCH BKOS.
* 4 and 8 p. m. rips only. •': •.."■.■;: • v . '
** Excursion trip. ■ Gives 5 hours at jMavy-yard.
fALLEJi), MIRE ISLIiXD. 'BEJICIA, FUlir
COSTA AND OROOKETT.
STK.. BIO>fTICKLLO,
Dally, • except • Saturday and Sunday— lo-30 *> %
. and 4 T. K. ; Saturday, lv:30 a. it., 3:su r Mi
■ ', ■ • <■■■ , siuuday— r. v. . , '"*
KM. only. . . . . .
' - TBTiiiH-rjj ailasion 1. Fler *♦ .
FOR 80JI3E, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
OTUAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10a. if. (Sundays excepte*); Alvlso daily at
7p. m. (Saturdays exeefted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and AlvUa.
64c; to San Jose, 76c. Clay at., pTer L-JJ W
t»JU»JDI»r»iWdan Jose. ' ' 4 " :~ ** "»SEVENTH WARD
IN A TUMULT.
Friends of Frick Organize
the Union League
Club.
AN AGGRESSIVE FIGHT.
County Committee to Decide
Method of Choosing Olficers
for Primary.
MANY SILENT POLITICIANS.
Not Anxious to Commit Themselves
Till the Congressional Cat
Has Jumped.
Oakland Office Ban Fkawcisoo Call,)
908 Broadway, July 30. j
Not since the Seventh Ward has been a
strong Republican district has there been
such a wide split as exists at this time.
Tbe cause of the breach i» the failure to
agree on a oandidate for Congress. The
Regular Seventh Ward Club is supposed to
be decidedly favorable to Hilborn, and it
was thought there would be but little op
position, and that not of an organized
character. But this calculation has been
entirely upset.
The Union League Club has Just been
organized and its growth is rapid. While
it has not declared itself openly on the
Congressional tight it is well known that
it ia favorable to Frick. Nearly 100 mem
bers sinned tbe roll, and in a few days it
wiil have twice that membership. Many
men who were the stroneest supporters of
Hilborn are in the new club. Robert
Leckie, ex-AsEessor, C. W. Wilkins, E.
.Nusnaumer, George Chase and William
ilcGrath are Union League men and each
one is an accomplished organizer.
President Dow of tbe Seventh Ward
Regular Club has called a meeting lor next
weeK, and both Congressional candidates
have been invited to be present.
The four men who have as much influ
ence in the Seventh Ward as anybody are
County Clerk Jordan, ex-Mayor Pardee,
Councilman Dow and Assemblyman
Dodge. Their positions on the predom
inating question of the hour it would be
bard to define. Dr. Paidee is certainly for
Hilborn; Dodge and Dow have not said
anything, and Frank Jordan is credited
with being in the Frick camp, though he
will not say so. Robert Leckie' s position
is not in doubt. He worked like a hero
for Hilborn at the last election, and now
he feels that Hilborn's friends have gone
back on him and he has jumped the
traces. Friends of Frick have already
held meetings at the houses of E. Nusbau
mer. R. Leckie and Charles Wilkins, bat
so far little has been heard of Hilborn's
campaign.
The situation in Alameda is notany less
interesting. Hilborn's speech at St. Louis
lavoring the anti-Denison delegates to
the National Convention was very much
against tbe position taken by E. K. Tay
lor, who controls the Republican machin
ery of the Encinal City, and it is expected
that Fries wili have an equal chance with
the delegates.
The County Committee has not yet
named the officers for the primaries and
neither is it decided how they shall be
elected. Chairman Mautalen has called a
meeting for next Saturday at which the
matter will be settled. The State Central
Committee advised that the County Com
mittee call the primary for August 16
and that the warring Congressional Com
mittees shall each name half of the elec
tion officers. Will Church, a County Com
nvtteeman and the leader of "the four"
Supervisors, says that the State Commit
tee merely made a recommendation re
garding the appointment of officers, and
is in favor of rejecting it and appointing
whom they please, irrespective of either
Congressional Committee. Such a high
handed proceeding is roundly condemned
by the friends of Frick. They say that
such a course would hurt him and that he
is too young a politician to advise or
countenance any such measure.
Every ward and township is interested
in the contest and all kinds of guesses are
beine made as to the result of the Con
gressional Convention, which will be held
at Vallejo on August 17.
A long letter has been sent to Mr. Hil
born by some prominent Republicans.
Tne concluding paragraph, winch is a
tummary of the whole, is as follows:
We, as Republicans, to the end that there
cau be no question as to where you stand, ask
you, will you if elected stand for and vote for
the financial policy adopted at St. Louis, which
is the policy to which our candidate lor Presi
dent and our party is committed? Or do yon
propose,, if elected, to ignore our financial pol
icy as outlined by our National Convention
and vote for the free and unlimited coinage of
fcilver, party or no party?
If you cannot give loyal support to tbe prin
ciples enunciated in the Republican platform,
have you any right to seek a nomination at
the hands cf that party? Is it not your mani
fest duty to withdraw and allow the Republi
cans to nominate some one who can and
will stand and if need be fall by the
principles, who can and will make his
Bucce-s depend upon the success of those
doctrines which McKinley represents, and
who will not be compelled to seek hie per
sonal advancement by the surrender of the
cause of Republicanism as announced in our
National platform? No excuse need be offered
for asking you for an answer to tnese questions.
They are political questions of the utmost
importance to every Republican voter within
jour district. They, In common with our
selves, have the rijrht to a direct, unequivocal
and explicit reply from our representatives in
Congress, who asks that we auain return him.
Awaiting that reply with all the anxiety
which the gravity of tbe situation engenders,
we are very truly yours, T. L. Barker, A. C.
Henry, C. B. Morgan, Victor H. Metcalf.
Mr. Hilborn to-day made tbe following
reply:
The Btate Central Committee of California
and the leading Republicans are now consid
ering the question as to the lines upon which
this campaign shall be conducted. lam a Re
publican and whatever the position of my
party is will be my position. Our party has
made but few mistakes and I have confidence
iv its wisdom now. When the p«rty in Cali
fornia has announced its position I shall take
pleasure in replying to the gentlemen.
8. G. Hilborn.
Sent to the Inllrmary.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30.— Miss Talbot,
wh6 thinks she was hypnotized when
only two years of age, was to-d»y sent to
the Co\mty Infirmary by Judge Ogden.
Bbc is finely educated, being able to Kjieak
three languages. She has held several po
titiona as governess in prominent fani
j'.ies. It is thought that her present hal
lucination is due to poor health and lack
of employment. She has no means aud
no relatives in the world.
SCHOOL LAWS.
Amendments Being Prepared for th«
Convention That Meets
Monday.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30.— A commit
tee of sixteen city and county Superin
tendents of Schools met in the southwest
corner room of the High School building
this morning. They carce to receive and
prepare amendments to the echoolMaws of
the State for the consideration of the sec
ond biennial convention of city and
county School Superintendents l of Califor
nia, which will meet here next Monday.
The committeemen in session aYe: W.
W. Seaman. Deputy State Superintend
ent, chairman; Madison Babcock, City
Superintendent, San Francisco; Ja.aes A.
Foshny, City Superintendent, Los An
teles; O. W. Erlewine, City Superintend
ent, Sacramento; J. P. Greeley, County
Superintendent, Santa Ana; E. W. Davis,
County Superintendent, Santa Rosa; J. P.
Gariick, County Superintendent, Oakland;
T. J. Kirk, County Superintendent,
Fresno; Robert Furlong, County Super
intendent, San Rafael; B. F. Howard,
County Superintendent, Sacramento; O.
E. Graves. County Superintendent, Red
Bluff: E. F. Floyd, County Superintend
ent, San Andreas; J. B. Brown, County
Superintendent, Eureka; W. J. Rodgers,
County Superintendent, Nevada Ciij; W.
M. Finch, County Superintendent, Wil
lows.
The others present wer«: State Super
intendent 8. T. Black. County Superin
tendent S. V. Riiey, Los Angeies; Pro
fessor C. H. Keyes, Pasadena; Principal
Albert Lyser, San Francisco; Principal
Joseph O'Connor, San Francisco; Princi
pal E. O. Graham, Tehama; Principal
Granville F. Foster, Del Norte County
High School; Professor Fernando San
ford, Stanford, and Superintendent Mc-
Clyraonds of Oakland.
For the purpose of reaching definite re
sults without loss of time the committee
had been divided into sub-committees, to
each of which had been assigned certain
articles of the school law.
Each member of these sub-committees
i has corresponded with the superintend
j ents in the various counties of the State
! and invited suggestions, which are ready
now for the committees to segregate, word
j and attach to the proper articles and pre
j sent to the convention when it meets.
Chairman Seaman called the meeting to
| order and J. P. GrceJey was elected secre
j tary. The greater part of the day was
I spent in considering the State school law,
; section by section, in the committee of
'' the who'e.
The sessions will continue through to
morrow.
WILL NOT HAVE KENNEY,
South Berkeleyans Declare They
Won't Recognize Him as
Fire Chief.
The Peralta Fire Company Will Dis.
band Rather Than Enlist
Under His Banner.
BERKELEY, Cal., July SO.-Bonth i
Berkeleyans have decided in mass-meet- J
ing that they will stand by the action of j
the Peralta Fire Company in refusing to)
acknowledge James Kenney as Chief of
the Fire Department.
Members of Peralta Fire Company reit
erate their determination to disband their
company rather than recognize Kenney.
A number of prominent South Berkeley
ans made speeches pointedly denouncing
Kenney as unfit for the position, and the
following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the citizens of South Berkeley
in mass-meeting assembled are unnlterably op
posed to the appointment of Mr. Kenney as the
fire chief; that they will never recognise him
as such and the secretary is requested to notify
the Board of Trustees of the action of this
meeting. r
Another Republican Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 30.— A Repub
lican Club has been formed at Lorin, with
H. D. Irwin temporary chairman and
H. T. Greenough temporary secretary.
Messrs. Irwin. Sheridan, James, Lander,
Crew and Cornelius were appointed to
constitute a committee on permanent
organization, and Messrs. d'Asquitb, Vail
and Greenough to look after the registra
tion of voters. Bixty-eignt names were
signed to the membership roll of the club,
which will meet for permanent organiza
tion on August 8.
Noted Visitors.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 30.— Major Z.
K. Pangborn, lor thirty years editor of the
Jersey City Journal, is the guest of James
W. Erwin of Berkeley. The major arrived
on the Australia from Honolulu, where
he spent six weeks and was the orator of
the day on the Fourth of July. Major
Pangborn favors annexation and says the
political situation in Hawaii is devoid of
excitement.
Populists Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 30.— The Popu
lists of BerKeley met in Pythian Hall last
night and organized for the campaign. A
club was formed, with the following offi
cers: Dr. John Oberg, president; R. W.
Good, secretary, and G. A. Wright,
treasurer.
South Berkeleyans Protest.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 30.— The South
Berkeley Improvement Club has addressed
to the Town Trustees a protest against the
acceptance of the improvements of the
south end of Shattuck avenue. It is
claimed that the work was not done ac
cording to contract.
Resignation Withdrawn.
BERKELEY. Cal., July 30.— H. D. Kel
sev lias withdrawn his resignation as presi
dent of the Crescent Club.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 30.— A mass
meeting of citizens to discuss ''Berkeley
day" at the Oakland Exposition has been
sueyested.
The Crescent Wheelmen have been in
vited to participate in* the races being ar
ranged for Alameda County bicyclists.
A regular meeting of Berkeley Lodge, I.
0. O. P., was held this evening in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The Berkeley Floral Society will meet
next Tuesday evening at Stiles Hall. A
paper will be read by Professor E. W. Hil
gard on "Siiade and Ornamental Trees."
Next Saturday will be Golden Gate Sun
day-school day at Batti Beach.
A meeting of the Republican Club will
be neld next Monday evening in Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
P. L. Archibald, grand dictator of the
Knights of Honor, is a visitor in Berkeley.
ARRESTED HIS CAMERA.
Unpleasant Kxperienoe of Fred Walters
at the Presidio.
OAKLA.NI>, Cal., JnlySO.— Fred Wal
• ters, a Berkeley bookkeeper, went to the
Presidio last Bunday. He was accompa
nied by a young lady and a camera. He
saw a little scene with a sentry in the
foreground and at once proceeded to
"shoot" it.
A minute later Walters was placed un
der arrest, and with bis camera was
marched to the euaid-bouao. Tiiejyoung
lady followed behind. The corporal told
the prisoner that It is contrary to the law
to photograph fortified stations, and con
tinued the march to the guard-house.
The commanding officer told Wallers of
the law, but only ordered the camera into
custody, and allowed Mr. Waiters and the
lady the freedom of the grounds tiil he
was ready to depart. When he applied
for bis camera be was escorted to the outer
mall by a soldier charged with tne duty
of »eeing that the law was not again vio
lated. At the gate camera and owner
were free. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896
DR. DENSMORE ON
BRITISH JUSTICE,
She Declares T^at Mrs. May
brick Has Only One
Hope.
A POPULAE UPRISING.
Iron-Cased Officialdom Has No
Conscience but Public
Opinion.
REVIEWS JUDGE AND JURY.
A Letter From tbe President of the
Woman's International Maybrick
Association.
Oakland Office Sas Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 30. f
A few weeks ago an article was pub
lished in the Oakland correspondence of
The Woman In Wh«.se Guilt or Innocence Half the World Is Interested.
From a picture forwarded to "The Call" from London by Dr. Helen Densmore, President
of the Woman's International Maybrick Association.]
The Call that quickly excited, mach in
terest in England. The article referred to
an association that was imposing on the
public by soliciting subscriptions for the
alleged purpose oi obtaining Mrs. May
br;ck'p release.
• Dr. Helen Densmore, president of the
Women's International Maybnck Asso
ciation, read the article and states that it
possessed much interest for the associa
tion in two countries.
This morning the following letter was
received from Dr. Densmore:
bnMwom House, >
78 Elm Park Road. V
South Ksmnaian, London, July 15.)
Correspondent San Francisco Call, ■ Oakland—
Dear Sir: I would like to reply as briefly as
possible to an article li.at appeared in The
Call of • June 20 regarding the Maybrick case.
Quoting the words of Dr. O. L. Jones, you
Bay: '"So confident were the^public thnt a ver
dict of acquittal would be brought in that they
carried large white bouquets into couit ready
to present to her when me verdict should be
pronounce.l."
Allow me to remind you that this was a
confidence in which even the Judge himself
shared— bitterly prejudiced as he was against
the unfortunate woman— for when the jury
retired at the close of his twelve hours'
harangue, calling the. clerk to him, he asked
what he supposed the verdict would be "My
lord," replied the clerk, "1 am not the jury
"Oh," said the Judge, "it is impossible for
them to find her guilty in face of the medical
evidence." This was also the opinion of the
prosecution; of the press, by whom it was so
firmly entertained that special editions of the
evening papers announcing a. verdict oi "not
guilty" were printed and sold in the streets of
Liverpool; and we are told by the Lord Chief
Justice of England— then Sir Charles Russell—
that the verdict came as a surprise upon the
trained minds of the bar of the Northern cir
cuit, and that to the very last moment (even
after the summing up) the leading counsel for
the prosecution, Mr. Addison, Q.0..M. P., per
sisted in saying that the jury could not—espe
cially in view of the medical evidence— a
verdict of "guilty."
Again you remark, using the words of Dr.
Jones, "1 he friends of Mrs. Maybrick have a
wrong conception of the facts. They a-e work
ing on the idea that Mr.-. Mavbrick was
thrown into prison and that the British Home
! Secretary, who is the active part of royalty m
such cases, is afraid to advise her pardon be
cause the popular, voice demands it." Now it
is because the popular voice does not demand
it, because the people of this country— not
being fully acquainted with the facts of the
case— have never yet demanded her release,
that the Women's International Mavbrick
Association was formed. Once let the popular
voice make.- Itself heard and even the Homo
Office must bow to its mandate, for in this
country, as in our own.it is the people Mho
hold the power and make and unmake Par
liaments and Premier?. Well might it be said
by Auberon Herbert, "The only conscience
English officialism knows Is public opinion
Once rouse that and English officialism will
soon net.
la the words of the manifesto issued by this
association at the time of its formation—"The
Women s International Maybrick Association
has. determined to take this case to the peon.
of England— to the only court open to — the
court of public opinion. Whatever may be
true of the Government the English people are
kind at heart, : justice-loving and believe in
fair play. When the facts oi this case are put
before them we confidently believe -hat Eng
land will sustain her reputation of I being pre
eminently a ju*>tice-lovin« nation. We propose
to open a popular subscription of 1 shMini?
asking every woman in Great Britain and
America to give this amount. With- this
money wo proposo to begin a series of free lec
tures in tne principal cities and towns of
Grca. Britain. . We iirmly .believe that in this
Wtt ,?'^ til * P eo P ie become interested, and
will demand that the case be reviewed "
It is certainly unfortunate thatan unauthor
ized person should have collected funds for
this = association and have misappropriated
them, but the fact. that this woman washable
to raise so large a sum from i the kind-hearted
women of the States Is encouraeinjr.;- hi the
interests of »bo association when 1 returned to
America last year I conceived the idea of col
lecting the necssary. amount .' of ; money from
the Women's Federated Clubs, which number
about 500,000 members, 1 at •• the f rate '- of -10
cents from each ? member,' which would have
given us a sufficient sum to liberate Mrs. Mav
brick on the lines .laid down In the mani
festo, and no one would - have been burdened.'
In this, however, I was grievously disappointed,
as I found it impossible to reach the women of
the States through these organizations, as the
rules do not permit of -co '.lections, or petitions
officially matte, and 1 was therefore compelled
reluctantly to abandon the idea.-. - : • •
Quoting "the opinion of au Englishman liv
ing l,n San Francisco, you state that "Mrs.
Maybrick bad one of the iairest trials and per
haps the ablest criminal pleader In the world,
Sir Charles Russell, to defend her." Lord Rus
sell came to this trial from the long strain of
the Pigott-Tlmes trial, and was really unfit to
take the case, besides . bring badly Instructed
by the barrister for the defense. ■ So that really
Mrs. Maybrick did not, have an able defense,
although Lord Russell has since done all In his
power to aid and benefit her.'
As regards the alleged fairness of the trial, it
may be well to hear the- opinion of another
Englishman, Mr. Stead, editor of the Review
of Reviews, who ".: writes: ••This American
woman was sentenced to be hanged by a Judge
on the verge of "dotage, rafter, the counsel for
the prosecution had remarked It was impos
sible to find a verdict oi guilty in the face of
the medical evidence.
"She was declared by the Jury to have been
clearly proved guilty of willfully poisoning a
man, whom the Home Secretary, sitting as
court of appeal, found was possibly not mnr
dered at all; and she is now serving a sentence
which was not pronounced by the Judge, for
an offense which was neither aliened against
her in -the indictment nor submitted to the
jury at the trial. No Englishman can feel
otherwise than ashamed of having to defend
the manner in which the hns , been dealt with
by our courts and our Government. We shall
not be able to escape ft gibbeting that is little
short of a national humiliation. • A sorrier ex
hibition of nil that Is worst in the blundering,
wrong-headed, illogical side of John Bull has
seldom or never given occasion for his enemies
to exult and his friends to wince."
It is to be hoped that Congress, which has
taken this matter up for investigation, will
fine some way ot inducing the English Govern
ment, as an. act of international courtesy, to
release this long-suffering and unjustly ac
cused and imprisoned woman, who has already
endured seven years of the horrors of penal
servitude for a crime- that she never com
mitted.
Thanking you in advance, 1 am, very, truty
yours, Helen Dkssmore.
President of thfi Women's International May
brick Association. - ...
Die Tux Scandal.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30.— The wrangle
over the tax-collecting scandal, wherein
Myron vVhidden was indicted, ia still bo
fo;e the Grand Jury. Recent derelop
ments make it seen that the blame should
have bt-cn placed upon ex-Tax Collector
Alex Rosborou^ti, instead of W bidden.
The connty export's last report snows a
shortage of $90, which Rosborough is will
in.' to pay, but he declines to settle the
$483, tie amount of Whidden's shortage.
UP-TO-DATE POPULISTS,
Ex-Senator Molfitt's Opinion oi
Their National Con
vention
Net Sockless, Long-Haired Anarchists,
but Sober, Intel igent, Cul
tured Citizsns.
Oakland Office Saw Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 29. (
Frank J. Moffltt, Dr. Woolaey, G. W.
Baker and R. M. McKillican returned to
day from the St. Louis silver convention.
Ex-Senator Moffitt is ready fo»- cam
paign work and now sees much to ad
mire in Populism. The ardent Democrat
said to-night:
''The Populist convention was not a
beer garden filled witn would-be orators
and howling cranks, but as dignified and
deliberate a body as I ever saw. Most of
its members were ex-Governors, ex-Con
gressmen, United States Senators and
members of the present Congress. The
speeches were eloquent and the men were
all sincere. They were not long-bearded,
as the caricaturist makes out, but Popn
lists who were dressed just as neatly as
any other delegate of any other conven
tion.
"Jerry Simpson is not 'sodkless,' but is
a bright, genial gentleman who was edu
catco in a college and has a degree. He
is companionable and was particularly
agreeable to the California!)?.
'Cyclone Davis, of whom so much is
said, is a tall, well-educated gentleman
and an able talker. I do not know any
body in this town who can talk as sensi
bly or as well as he upon political events.
"Congressman Lafe Pence is nnothei
leading Populist whom we met. He now
liven in New York and is an attorney-at
law, but formerly represented Colorado,
rie is a neat-appearing and bright-looking
young gentleman, not over 35 years of
a^e, and as entertaining and companion
able a man as we ever met, and he spent a
great deal of his time with the delegates
from California and made many friends.
"I have changed my mind a good deal
on the Populists— so would anybody if
they saw their National Convention.
Tliey are not long-bearded, loud-moutheu
cranks, as many make them out to >;e, but
are cood, living, sensible, well-dressed, in
telligent, enrnest, honest men. Tnere was
no more honesty or dignity or intelligence
in either me Republican or Democratic
National Convention than there was in
the Populist gathering."
Dangerously 111.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3a— Barren N.
McCombo chemical No. 2, of North Oak
land, is lyinu dangerously ill at hia home,
2036 Magnolia street. He is well thought
of by his superiors, who have expressed
their regret at his illness. Some time ago
he hart an operation performed, but which
failed to result in any permanent relief.
He is not expected to liTf.
He has a wile and a son aged 13 years.
WRITERS IN A QUARREL
Editor Daniells of the "Argus"
Is Asked to Retract His
Statements.
He Refuses to Do so, and Claims Eiitor
Porter Is Worse ThaD He In
Ths Respect.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 30.— Editor Fred
R. Porter of the Oakland Echoed has a
grievance agninsl T. G. Daniells, editor
of the AJameda Argus. It is not known
when existing relations were otherwise.
Mr. Porter is president of the Second
Ward Republican Club in Oakland and is
quite a power in politics in that city. He
considers he has been libeled by Editor
Daniells, and his attorney, Colonel E. M.
Gibson, has demanded a retraction from
him or the aid of courts will be sought.
Colonel Gibson writes as follows:
Oakland, Cal., July 25, 1896.
T. O. DaniclU Esq.. Editor Daiiy Argus, Ala
meda—Dear Sir: The issue ot your paper of
the 21st inst. contains an article in the edi
torial column thereof referring to F. R. Por
ter, manager of tne Oakland Echoes, which Is
considered grossly litelous. said article con
tains the following: '-Congresbmßn Uilboru
has addressed the only political letter be tia*
put forth this season to >\ B. Porter. Birds oi
an odor. It is one o: the screaming jokes that
Porter is the president oi the Second Ward Ke
puDlican Clud, Oakland, without being on the
register or having a voie. There is a very
great reason why Porter's name does not ap
pear on the great register ana why he docs noc
vote."
It seems to me it is plainly your duty as the
editor of a public journal that you become
satisfied, as you can by a brief examination of
the official great register of this county, thai
tbe statement referred to Is untrue, and that
you do your victim the justice as lar as pos
sible by a full and immediate retraction.
I believe that H you make a full retraction
of .said libelous statement, showing that you
liave unwittingly or otnerwise done Mr.
Porter an injustice, the matter may be brought
to a conclusion without going to court.
Mr. Porter is unquestionably a legally quali
fied voter, slid I am afraid that bo:n you and
lie will vote the goldbug ticket.
I wili be pleased to have you Inform me im
mediately as to your intentions in regard to
this matter, as we shall be governed accord
ingly. Very respectfully, E. M. Gibson.
Mr. Daniells, in speaking of the matter
this evening, said: "No, I am not going
to retract. His name is not on the preat
regis'.er. I have looked — others have
looked — and his name does not appear
there. The nearest name iike his is one
printed Poster. The way I came to get
hold of it was in course of conversation
with Home gentlemen in Oakland. One
made the remark that Porter was presi
dent of the Second Ward Club, ana an
other said that was impossible, as he was
a criminal and his name could not be on
the great register. I have no fear of being
brought into court by him. He has
libeled me times without number and I
nave one case already in the stocks for
him now. I intend answering Colonel
Gibson's letter, but I shall retract noth
ing."
A Nice Point.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. July 30.— The trus
tees of tne Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund
are in a quandary. James M. Grey, living
at San Jose, is an exempt from Citizen
No. 1 Hook and Ladder Company and
has applied to be enrolled among the
exempts. It is a question of law whether
a non-resident can be enrolled in the
exempt company and secure its benefits.
The matter has been referred to City At
torney Taylor, who returned from bis
vacation this evening. Mr. Grey, before
moving to San Jose, vras for several years
president of the Board of Town Trustees.
May Have Been Murder.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 30.— An autopsy
was held on the remains of the unknown
body found in the Day near ths Judson
Iron "Works yesterday afternoon. Dr. Por
ter found that the man's .«kull had been
crushed by "-ome biunt instrument. He
div not believe that it could have been
done by the head striking against the
rocks in the bay.
The body was buried among the un
known dead. There was no possibility of
recognizing it.
Van Court in Loi Angnleii
OAKLAND. Cal , July 30.— Dewitt Van
Court, late of the Acme Club of this city,
has arrived in Los Angeles and taken
charge of the athletic club in that city.
The club is a very prosperous one, and he
expects to develop some good material.
Just prior to his departure for his new
home he was tendered a complimentary
dinner by his friends here.
Winnie Cannot Live.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30. — WiUU\ra
Winnie is sinking rapidly, and the doctors
say that he cannot live through the night.
He was found in a room asphyxiated by
gas last Tuesday morning and has not re-
Miss Pett Jones of Arizona and George Leslie Henry of the United States of
Colombia, Who Were Married in Oakland.
covered consciousness since. It Is said
that he attempted suicide while despond
ent. He had been out of employment for
some time and was losing a good deal of
money. _______________
PAID ALL CIVIC HONORS,
The Body of J. R. Capell Escorted
by the Police and Odd
Fellows.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 30. t
University Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F.,
rendered the last sad offices to their late
brother and Councilman, J. R. Caoell, this
afternoon. It was a sad scene to see the
young and old members alike gather to
pay their respects to on« who had been
their fraternal brother for a quarter of a
century.
The first services were held at the
family residence, 1219 Eighth avenue,
which were for the family and immediate
friends and were conducted by Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., and Rev. C. M. Hill. The
casket was nearly bidden by the folds of
a large American flag and floral offerings.
Mn. Capell was not able to attend the
services at Lonnß Hall owing to the con
dition of her health.
At 2 o'clock 60 members of the Univer
sity Lodge in full regalia arrived and the
procession moved to tne lodgeroom. Fol
lowine trie members came tne City Coun
cil, Board of Public Works, city and
county officials and the honorary pall
bearers, all Mexican war veterans." The
latter were Major E. A. Sherman, Major
J. L. Bromley, City Auditor R. W. Snow,
City Treasurer Z. T. Gilpin, J. West Mar
t n, W. S. Martin and E. T. Allen, the lat
ter being from San Francisco.
The regular pallbenrers were members
of the order and were Past Grands P. D.
Vorhee», P. Sinclair, M. Heichmann and
Messrs. £. E. Carman, C. P. Car. and and
F. C. Jordan.
When the procession reached Alice and
Twelfth streets it was met by a detail of
officers under command of Captain Wilson.
They Jed the line of march to the hall.
The funeral service was couducted by
Noble Grand C. C. Carroll, after which
eulogistic addresses were mnde by Judge
J. J. Allen, Councilman Dow and Rev.
J. K. McLean.
The body will be taken to San Francisco
to-moirow to be cremated at the O. id Fel
iows' Cemetery.
DR. COYLE COMING HOME.
The Question of His Brother's Successor
to Be Considered.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30.-Rev. R. F.
Coyle, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church, will arrive home some time to
night or on to-morrow's morning train
from an extended Eastern trip. His wife
will come with him.
Rev. Campbell Coyle's resignation and
departure during his brother's absence
leaves the church without an assistant
pastor. The trustees will call a meeting
at an early date to confer with Dr. Coyie
and consider the question of a successor
for his brother's place, li is not expected
that an ordained minister will be called,
but that a person suitable for parish visit
ing and to take charge of the Sunday
school will be selected. This plan has been
adopted in the First M. E. Church and
finds.much favor.
When the question was broached of
Campbell Coyle's leaving, some months
ago, Dr. Coyle said he would eet alon,'
without an assistant for the present, ow
ing to the financial crisis.
WEDDED A RICH PLANTER
Marriage of Miss Pelt Jones to
George Leslie Henry of
Colombia.
A Fatal Accident to an Invited Guest
Throws a Gloom Over the
Proceedings
Oakland Office SakFeakcisco Call.i
903 Broadway, July 30. : J
A wedding full of innovations was that
of Miss. Pett. Jones to Georpe Leslie Henry,
a wealthy planter of the United States of
Colombia, which was celebrated last night
at the bride's home in this city.
Instead of the wedding march Mrs.
Blakc-Alverson sang "Call . Me Thine
Own," while the bride and groom were
being, led to the marriage bower, which
was formed of palms and loses in the bay
window of the spacious dining-room. . ■ -
Tne decorations were red in the dining
room, yellow and green in ; the sitting
room and pink and white for the bride's
bower. The ceremony was .conducted .by
Rev. James Small, pastor of the First
Christian Church. '■-■-',
A banquet was laid with fourteen covers
and a unique custom observed in serving
the wedding cake. The bride cut it anil
passed pieces through her wedding ring to
the unmarried ladies at the board. -
Mrs. Elmer Reed, Mrs. B. Alverson and
H. R. Havens carried out a short musical
programme.
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. H.
Jones of Arizona and is very popular, in
Oakland. She is one of live sisters wiioare
regarded as the most attractive quintet in
this city. G. Leslie Henry owns extensive
banana plantations in . South America.
Mr. and Mr«. Henry left to-day for Mont
pellier, Ohio, and from there they will
spend a year traveling in the East.
The only unhappy feature of the wed
ding was the absence of Mr. and Mrs. A.
W.Rujrg of Arizona. The. Rupgs were
very warm friends, of the bride and had
sent an elegant present with the accept
ance of the invitation to attend the nup
tials. Mr. Hugg was accidentally drowned
in Arizona last' week, and had circum-
stances permitted the wedding would uave
been postponed in consequence.
The guests present were: Rev. Mr.
Small and wiff. Mrs. J. Johnson, Miss
Belle Jones, Miss Mollie Jones, Miss Clara
Jones, Mrs. Blnke-Alverson, Miss Lizzie
Hayden, Miss Birdie Thomas, Miss Lulu
Noyes. Mis? Grace Sinclair, Dr. A. J. Trs
man, Frank Martin, H. R. Havens, Elmer
Reed.
The Thornhlll Koad Acceptable.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3a— The Board
of- Supervisors, accompanied by Deputy
Surveyor ,; Prather, made : a trip - over the
proposed road to Contra Costa County by
way of .Thirteenth avenue and across the
Medau ranch. ; . . . . . - .
The length of the new road will . be two
miles and 1200 feet, much of it* through
brush, but : the grade is only about 25 per
cent. The board is well satisfied with the
prospects and will give the residents their
road at the next meeting, Monday morn
ing. : •'..-... . ■. : "•; ■. ; "...•'...:■ '....,- ,
The approach from the other side is at a
grade of only 20 per cent. ■
She Refused to Prosecute.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 30.— Mrs. James
Parsons refused to prosecute her husband
for choking her, in the Police Court this
morning. He was arrested on a bench
warrant last night after failing to appear
for trial yestf rday.
Irish and Bfaguire.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 30.— Colonel
John P. Irish, who believes in plenty ol
Auction Sales
AIICTIOX AT 867 AND 869 MARKET ST.
.. ; TO-DAY (FOIDAY), JULY 31.
At 11 o'clock a. if., nil the Fixtures, Linen, CrocK-
ery and contents of Palace Kesuuirant, iv lots to
suit. LiKVY A CO., Auctioneers.
! cold money, and Congressman Maguire,
the advocate of free coinage of silver, will
cross swords at the Macdonoujrh Theater
i on Thursday evening, August 20, for the
I benefit of the Caiholic Ladies' AiJ Society.
This chance to hear these two great ora
tors discuss one of the greatest financial
I problems ever before the American public
j will undoubtedly fill the house to over
flowing.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hugh and Theresa Reenaln to Simon Bley, lot on
E line of Masonic avenue, 100 N of Waller street,
!KMby E 125; $10.' -■<— -^i ■> .
j irsimon Bley to Adolph Bley, undivided half of
lot on X line of Masonic avenue, 100 N of Waller
street. N 25 by E 125: $10.
| A. T. Knos to Imlra N>ff Enos, lot on E line of
Howard street, 200 .-> of Twenty-third, • 8 65:9, B
1BS:6, N to 8 line of land claimed oy John Center,
BW and NW to point, \V 112:6, portion block 13.
Treat Tract; lot 69. Ked House Tract; also lot
I commencing at a point In W half of M. B. 153,
bring distant 122:6 X of Howard and SO'J S or
Twenty-third atrett, S 30 by VV 15, quitclaim
deed: $1. ■ ;.. -« •; ■;
John W. Shlels to Shieis Estate Company, undi
vided one-seventh of following: Lot on Mi corner
of Stockton and O'Farreil streets. >' 137:6 by E
137:6; lot on N line of Both street, 137:6 W of
Montgomery, W 63:9 by N 137:6; lot on S line of
Bush street, 137:6 W of Montgomery. W 68:9 by
8 137:6; lot on VV corner of Mnth and Braunan
1 streets N\V 200, SW 100. SE 40, B\V go, feE 160.
; XX 183: lot on X\V lino of Minna street. 375 »W
| of Third, SW 20. by >TVV 70;, lot on NW line of
Minna street, 465 SW of Third, SW 25 by NW 70:
leasehold Interest on SB line of Mission street, 275
I SAY of Third, SW 275 by SE 10J: also all interest
I in estate of William Bhlels, deceased ; also prop-
I erty In other counties: $1.
Addie M. Drolt to Annie B. doit, lot on 8 line
1 of Sacramento street, 60 W of Stockton, w 20 by
1 8 40: $10.
- George P. Kearney, administrator (by E. A. He
j Donald, commissioner), to German Savings and
> Loan Society, lot on SE line of Silver street, 800
SW of Third, SW '25 by 8E 80; $2438.
W. A. McGrath to W. T. O'Xeale, undivided
one and a half blocks bounded ' on the X by I
street, E by Twelfth avenue, S by L street and W
by sixteen. h avenue (as recorded) : $1.
William E. Husse to Theresa C. Bus<e, lot on W
line of Teeth avenue, 225 X of A street, N 25 by
Wli.o: gift. - . ; . ... •
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to Martin Knpfer
and J. Doassaus, - lot .- on E line of .Nineteenth
: avenue, 100 Sot M street, .s 25 by E 120; $10.
Fran* J. a: d Mary A. Uli-v to* Gabriel Moulin,
lot on W line of South Brorterick street. 76 X of
Tl.dt-u. X '25 by \V 100, poniou of block 7, Flint,
.Tract: $10. ;
Mary a. Easter to James Doolin, lot on 8 line of
Sweeney,' 50 W of Merrill, W 60 by S 75, lots 35
I and 36, b!oc< 7, People's Homstead Tract A: $10.
| Augßst and Carolina liiderbost or Blederburst to
Anmiifl Uldcrboxt, lot on SB line of • ro>e street,
450 X VV Of Mission, X V." 25 by NE 150: 8 0.
Kelson \V. and Mary E. Krrarley ' or '■ Brearly to
B. W. Foster, lot on 3 line of Vlsitacion avenue. 544
Jiof AJllllken stn-et, 135 by « 276, lot. 42, Visi
: tation Valley homestead: $10. - -
I Mosei mid Eva Salomon ami \Vm. 1* Chamber
lain to Annie M. 1 urnbull.lot at intersection of X
J ilo tee* street and X boundary line of the Spring
Valley Homestead tract, N 27 deg. 45 in n. W 25,
i N 54 deg. 30 mill,. E. 91.3. S 62 cleg., X 27.7, « 64
deg. 30 mm. W 107.2, lot 43, Solomon portion of
Rock Kain-h; $10. :, - - • . ; ...
,'■' . A LAM HTDA COUNTY. " i
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs. C
C. Huell, lot 167, in plat 12, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland 'lovrnship; $41. : , ~
Harry and Amanda L. Anderson and L. J. and
' O. S. Rudolph et aI. (by commissioner) to Cmmo
! po lean M. B. & I> Association, lot on ri line of
I Uonton avenue. 410 \V of San Pablo, W 5U iiy'N
-133.85, E Mi. _\ 134.05 to. beginning, bsing lot 4,
1 block D, Kliuknervillc Tract, Oakland Township;
! »448. . ■
! Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Laura O. Hall,
: lot on h. line of Highland place, 300 X of College
! way, X 60. X 168.04. .-> 60.17, W 161.52 to begln
; nine being the S 60 feet of lot 7, bloc* 26, Daley's
i scenic Park. Berkeley; $10. . . ...
Qas:on Strauss to Josephine -• V. Yost, lot 10,
! block B. Frultvale Electric Koad Tract, Brooklyn
1 Township SlO. • .
Ileury and Amanda K. Anderson, Anna Bever
ly. E. 1$ I'omro/ ana A. H. Breed et al. (by Com
i iwis-io.ner) to Cosmopolitan Mutual Euildinz and
! .Loan Association, lot on \V lice of Champion stree:.
I 100 of Pleasant, 50 by W 125, beinglot 8. block
j D. corrected map of subdivision of blocks D and X,
i Champion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $2417.
! 1.. F. Nlcolatdes and wlfa ' (by attorney) to Anna
| H. Benedict, lot on X line of Brown or Thi.-ty
j fourth street. 46T W of TelegrapH avenue. WbO
j by X 119:10, a portion or lot 10, map B. a portion
■ of the estate of a. C. Brown, Oakland : $10.
i Same to Jam** T. Glenn, lot on X line of Brown
! or Thirty-fourth s rt?et. 281 W of Telegraph nve
-1 mie, W 188 by X 119:10, a portion of lot */0, map
> B, same, Oakland: $10. ■ '
■ J. F. and Maria Anderson to WiMam R. Mac
kinnon, lot on SE- Una of Thirteenth avenue, 75
UK of East Fifteenth street, XE 50, thence par
: allel with i- Fifteenth street 75, SW 60, X*\V 75
I to beginning. East Oakland: 810. '
: George A. Hazlet^ to Annie M. Hoyt, lot on X
i line oj Bryant street, 484 XX of Fourteenth or
( ounty roaa So. 1525, X 63 by E 148. being Io •
49 anil 50, block A, resnbdivision Fiuitvale Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10. • i
H. A. and A nine M. Hoyt to Amelia S. Damon,
same; $10. , • ,
Margaret R. Spreen to 11. F. W. Spreen, lot on
SW corner of Fountain street nnd Lincoln avenue,
62:9 by W 117:6, bein< lot 18, block B, father
<& Koblnson tract, AlauieJa; 510. .
"Catherine A. Edmands lo hiiward Campbell, lot
! on JK line of Thirtieth tiireet, 161.23i/j W of Tele
i graph avenue, W 33:4 by X 140, being the east
16:8 feet of lot 43 and west 16:8 feet of lot 44,
block 2035, Kowlaml Tract, Oakland; $10.
Magnus Andersen to Marline O. Andersen, lot on
N line i f East ■ JSlxteenth street (or old county
road), 44.62 SW from ihe intersection of the SE
bound -try line of the Fifty Associates Tract with
the X line of East sixteenth street, thence SW
4152, XX 157:11, 8E 37:6, B lo beginning, oloclc
I>, Kitty Assocates Tract, East Oakland; also per
so 'a! property; gift. ' '■>»O*?BjHsi*Wi6aN
• George V. and Louisa Gordon to John artery,
lot o.i X line of Kutier avenue, 283 E of Idano
street, thence NW 125, SW 43.95, KW 41.90 to X
line of Plat 43. Kttncho V. and • D. , Feral; a.
thence XE 214.98, SE 173.06 to X line of Butler
avenue, thence s\V 181.95 to beginning, Oakland
Ton-nablp: $10. . . ..- .
John and Betsey Bergquest to Emllle W. Salis
bury (wife of L. L. M. Salisbury),' lota 1 and 2, re
subdlvislon block M, Koberts and Wolfskin Tract,
Oakland Township; SO. .--..-
Jessie H. and Marie L. Payne to Henry W. Tay
lor, lot 17, block 8. Daley's Scenic Park, Berke
ley, subject to a mortgage: $10. .■ - .
E.-Itiiiin'i Atwell to Ella W. B. Wilson, lot on N
line of -Le Conte avenue, distant E 30.78 from SK
corner and boundary line of block 23, Daley's
Scenic Park, t-.ence W 25 by N 125, 1 being subdi
vision 0 of lot 6, subdivided block 25, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10. . . ,
R. L. Eamesto John Armstrong, lot on X line of
HasiA street. 250 W of Treinont. W 50 by X 125,
btin? lo: 12, block 5, Barker Tract, Berkeley, quit
claim deoa; $1.
John and *red Armstrong lo William B. Winn,
same: $100. . • ■ /
A. A. and Jessie E. Hibbard to W. 11. Mead, lots
80 and 81. block C, Fruit vale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $400.
I ' (jeraldine Clement to via K. and Elvira
»Clement,alt interest in lot 8 line of Eagle aye., 240
W of Everett street, W 42 by S 150, oelug tne E.
42 feet lot 12. block E. Alameda Station Home
stead Tract, Alameda: *10. •» ?■■. ii i .
Jos and Harriett Xorthey to Emma M. Wil
liams (wife of John T.), lot on X line of Simpson '
avenue, 869 W of Telegraph. W SO, X 112.66. E'
30, si 12.60 to beginning, being portion of lot 24,
Simpson's Tract, Oakland; $5. - .
- Edward and Margaret Dolan to John E. Schreck,
lot on E lino of Maiden lane, 161:4 S of Taylor
street. S 26 by B 75. betm; lot 9, survey 1640,
made by John Ziegenbein September 29, 1892,
Oakland; $10. . *"
John E. Schreck to James and Josefa O. John
stone, same. Oakland: $10. ■ .' ■■ - : ..■-■■■ ■ • ■
■ Hamilton J. Coleman to Sarah M. Coleman, lot,
on W tine of Market street. 36:8 Sof Eighteenth,
\V 100 by 8 37:6. being lot 2 and north half Of lot
3, block 693, Market-street Tract, Oakland: $10.
Klkan Wasserman to Salomon Wassennan, lots
1 to 4, block 11, and lot 8, block 15, ban Antonio,
East Oakland; clft. ' •■
Hans Anderson to George B. and Arthur 'An
drews, undivided half interest in lot on W line of
Park eet, or Twenty-third avenue, 240.34 Nof
Shasta avenue, X 25 by W 125, being lot 14, block
A, Camdeti Twenty-third-avenue Tract, East Oak- 1
land; $10. < - .
Anna V. Graber to Julius Duerr, lot beginning
ICO from SE line of Twenty- filth street and 161. 92
W from W line of Twenty-third avenue. X 151.92,
is 62.65, W 108.60, X 50 to beginning, being por
tion of lot 5, block D, subdivision 60 Associates
Tract, East Oakland: $10. '- . . • , -
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to J. P. Becker, '
lot 18, block 11,' Daley Scenic ' Park, Berkeley;
$10. t; - • ■ •..'■..
■ Builders' Contracts. .
Lydia M. Ebatt with Marcuse & Remmel. to
erect a two-story building on W line of Staayau
street, 100 B' of Carl; 91760: architects, Marcuse
& emmet. ; ____^__^^_______ ' -v- V- - ' -
Did Xot Prosecute the Sewiboy.
Oscar Krow, a newsboy, arrested for selling
a transfer ticket at Market and Powell streets,
has pleaded guilty before Judge Joachim
sen. Attorney Kelly, who represented the
Market-street Cable Company, said he did not
cere to have the boy punished for violating
the ordinance, and thought a reprimand from
the bench would be sufficient. The Judge
warned the boy azainst repeating the offense
and discharged him.
Rodney Fisk, who was once a million
aire, and who Jost his all in Wall street,
died recently at a lodging-house "in South
Boston. Two or three years ago his bank
account was cood for $1,200,000.
y l^^ Br. Gibbon's Dispensary, '
Jtft^rM9 2^ KKAKXT; - ST - Establlshnd
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, '
625 KKAttXT NT. Established
In 1534 for the treatment of Private
PlJLjfogjaM. I)lseiiat ' s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
§3&riSV<*CSI disease wearing on bodyand mind ami
VSW*?4W3 Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
otbersfaJl. Try him. urges low.
rt3tstSa J s22Cure»«c«»s*r«nit-«-<l. CallorwritP
!Cr. J. \>ICBU.\. Box 1357. Saa Francisco,
1314
BUSINESS RUIN FOLLOWS AFTER FREE TRAD
Woolen- Mills Are Idle and
American Workmen
Suffering.
REMEDY IN PROTECTION
English Shoddies Flood the Mar
ket and Destroy Home
Industries.
WILSOH'B BILL AIDS ESGLAHD.
How Democratic Laws Have Hurt
Labor and Destroyed Commerce
in Two Tears.
The ruin wronght by the Democratic
policy of free trade in the wool industry
of tbe United States in less than two years
bas been so widespread as to seriously af
fect almost every other industry by sym
pathy.
It has been shown in two previons arti
cles on tbe subject (in Thx Call of
Wednesday and Thursday) that the Ameri
can wool market bas succumbed to tbe in
jurious effects of the Wilson bill. Lest the
casual reader imagine that the business
i- a limited one it is well to take a general
survey of its extent, so that some idea
may be obtained of tbe area of industry
paralyzed by the policy formulated by
Wilson and championed by William Jen
nings Bryan- in Congress when he was
proud of tbe name, "Boy Orator of the
Platte."
The report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for Jannary, 18& i. shows tnat
tbe wool business was hurt as early as
1898 by the threat of the Democrats, who
were anxious to put wool on the free list.
In 1893, fearing that the Wilson oill would
be passed, a number of growers had sev
erai millions of sheep slaughtered, and
that year tne value of American sheep fell
from $125,000,000 to $90,000,000, a dead loss
of over $35,000,000. Add to this tbe decline
in woo! and of farms and ranches hereto
fore devoted to sheep and wool raising,
which is not less than the loss of the
sheep, and tbe loss to farmers that year
was $70.000,(XJ0.
Under protection tbe sheep-raisine and
wool-growing industries of the United
States were established; under that sys
tem, tbe system of Clay and Blame, a mil
lion American fiockmasters have invested
$200,000,000, and they pay out $24,000,000
in wages every year. Under that system
the manufacturers of woolens have in
vested over $300,000,000 in 3000 factories,
and paid their employes $76,<j00,000 each
year.
Under two years of tbe Wilson bill nearly
every form of the wool industry bas gone
to the wall, fiockmasters are ruined, fac
tories are idle, and employes alone are
losing a third of a miilion dollars a day.
But what was tbe claim of Bryan when
he made bis famous speech in Congress in
defense of tne bill that has since laid low
the industries of the conntry? During the
first session of the Fifty-third Congress
Bryan said: "I believe -in putting raw
material on the free list, and I believe we
have left far more tariff (on manufactures)
than can be shown to be necessary to pro
vide for any difference, if there be any
difference, between tbe cost of manufac
tures h*re and abroad." Again this most
unreliable prophet said : "If we cheapen
tbe price oi woolen goods we shall not
only be able to export woolens, as we now
export manufactures of cotton, etc., but
we shall increase the consumption of such
goods among the people; and every in
crease in consumption increases tbe de
mand for labor, which results in more
constant employment and better wages."
Thus it will be seen that the "Boy Ora
tor of the Platte" was at once a promiser
and a prophet. He promised most of all,
and his tips were as roses. What are the
facts? The statistics issued by Demo
cratic officials sho v that 60 per cent of
American woolen-mills are idle, that more
than half the laborers are hungry, and
that cheap foreign shoddies are flooding
the American market. West of the Mis
souri River tc-day tbere are 50,000,000
pounds of wool that cannot be moved, be
cause the market is so dead tnat dealers
will neither take the staple on consign
ment nor advance money to growers.
Und«r the McKinley bill, as any market
report will sbow, the prices of American
wool were 44 per cent higher than the
London markets, while now they are 33
per cent below them.
For the nine months ending March,
1895, we imported $27,000,000 ot foreign
woolen goods, but for the nine months
ending March, 1896, we imported $47,000,
-000. Tbe difference is a loss of $20,000,000
to American laborers and manufacturers.
Why? Because every pound of goods im
ported represents just so much less wool
bought in America and just so much less
pa:d to American wa.e-earners.
In tbe speech quoted from, the Demo
cratic candidate for tbe Presidency said :
"There is no probability that tbe sheep
industry will be more injuriously affected
by free wool than it has been by protec
tion."
How do Mr. Bryan's forecasts tally with
the facts from Democratic officials, above
quoted? How does bis picture of pros
perous labor agree with the facts? No one
can deny that 60 per cent of the American
woolen mills — mills that were busy in 1893
—are now siknt. Take Lawrence, Mass.,
as a fair illustration. There the three
large mills are closed. What is the result?
Thirty thousand men, women and chil
dren, wtiose bread was sure under the Mc-
Kinley bill, are absolutely idle, pleading
for employment and eager to hear again
the sound of spindles and looms.
Where now is Bryan's prophecy that
under free wool tbe American would
manufacture for a wider market? Under
tbe McKinley bill the importations of
cheap shoddy were $1,250,000 a year, but
under t c Wilson bill cheap shoddies are
coming in to tbe enormous extent of $20,
-500,000 a year. This has cheapened the
quality of gcods usfd, ruined American
manufactures and done harm to the
masses.
Mr. Holden of the Napa Woolen Mills
owns part of a mill in New Hampshire.
He says that his mill, under the Mo
Kinley bill, used Ohio fleece and Califor
nia and Oregon wools mixed for making
. clotn for buitgy-topo. Now, however, in
order to meet tbe foreign competition, bis
firm has to use 75 per cent shoddy, raized
with 25 per cent of long Australian wool.
Charles Hall, of Hall Bros., heavy
manufacturers at Norwich, Conn., was
f recently in San Francisco. While here
, he said :
"At Morley, England, I saw factories
running day and night to make goods for
the United States market. They were
made of cotton warps and seamed shoddy,
imported into this country as woolen
goods and sold in large quantities."
WLile at Moriey Mr. Hall succeeded,
after much trouble, in finding the prices
paid workmen tbere. It is interesting to
compare it, as a sample of free-trade
wages, with tbe prices paid at Hall Bros.'
mills in Connecticut. The wages in Eng
land were as follows:
Girls, running two weaving machines,
|2 88 a week; boys in card -room, (5 a
week; boss weavers, $1 44 a day; boss
spinners, $7 20 a week; mule spinners,
$2 16 a week ; ooss dyers, $1 92 a day.
The American wages for the same work
were as follows: Girls, running two weav
ing machines. $7 a week; boys in card
room, $9 a week; boss weavers, |3 a day;
boss spinners, $15 a week ; mule spinners,
$7 to |S a week ; boas dyers, $4 a day.
It will be seen at a glance why tbe Eng
lish mills compete and why the American
laborers are idle in the treat milling cen
ters. Where, then, has Mr. Bryan's policy
been heralded with joy? In England,
where the wool industry has been stimu
lated by the Bryan- Wilson policy of free
trade.
The following is a picture from an Eng
glisb view-point It is from an English
trade circular issued in London by Messrs.
Helmuth, Schwartz 4 Co., and it shows in
every sentence that tbe free-crade policy
of Mr. Bryan has helped the Englishmen,
as it cas depressed tbe American dealer:
The domia&nt factor in the past twelve
months has been the recovery and rapid de
ve.opment of the export trade ot wool and
woolens to the United States under the stimu
lating influence of free wool and reduced du
ties on goods. The improvement iinDatfently
expected from the American tariff reform has
thus at length been fuilj- realized. The statis
tical returns of the excort trade to the United
Siatea revealed every month * vast amount of
business, but though this kept on with undi
minishing force, the value of wool up to July
had hardly budged, and it was only tn July,
after six months ot most splendid business
with the United States, that this incubus was
removed and a lasting impression made upon
prices. The bad legacy of heavy stocks which
1894 bequeathed has been got rid of, and while
it may teem remarkable that one single year
should produce this fundamental change, vet
the American tariff reform and the consequent
American demand have undoubtedly accom
plished ii. Under iv influence the industry
is expanding, and mills are being built or en
larged in England and on the Continent. It is
to be hoped that fresh American tariff changes
in an adverse direction may not impair these
hopeful and healthy conditions.
That is what Bryanism accomplished
for England. In contrast with this tbe
reader ought to study the report of Thomas
Dolan, made at the National Association
of Manufacturers, held at Chicago on Janu
ary 2. Here is what he bad to say:
In 1860 the ralne of the manufactured
product of the United States was but $1,900,
-000,000. This represented the total gain from
toe foundation of the Government. Between
1860 and 1890 the gain was nearly $7,500,
-000,000, or in thirty years about 3UO per cent
more than the total gain in the seventy years
down to 1860, rising to the immense sum of
$9300,000,000. The period of this enormous
advance was trie period in which the policy of
just protection to American industry was ea* j
forced without interruption, ana I confidently
affirm tnat ii we are again to be permitted to
, make such headway, we must restore to Ameri
can manufacturers the measure oi protection
1 which will permit them to conduct their
operations without menace trom the foreigners
who have conditions different from ours, and
which give to our rivals advantages that
should be neutralized at our own ports.
And for this havoc with the American
sheep-grower, woolen manufacturer and
laborer, what have the Democrats given
the country? They promised cheaper
! goods and more prosperous times. No one
\ will for a moment ar'^ue that tbe times are
; prosperous. Tben what may be said about
: the saving to the people in tne way of
cheaper clotbinc? That, too, is a myth.
, Under the McKinley law tbe highest tariff
;on woolens was 11 cents a pound. As it
. requires but eight pounds for a suit of
' clothe* the saving on a suit is but 88 cents.
! Tbe injury is hundreds of millions a year
I in business, the idleness of thousands of
; laborers, the silence of American mills
■and the paralysis of industry throughout
i the same country tLat prospered when
j McKinley's policy was the law.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
C A Scott. Portland D M Pyle. Bakersfleld
J Nevlr, Honolulu X Ferguson. Honolulu
Mrs Mullalay. Los Ang Miss It Filckner. md
M E Briggs. St Louis X Murpny Mass
W H Jacobs, Gridley 11 ss L Weed, t. hico
Miss E Weed. Chico T L Wilson <k w. N H
P. Wilson, S H D W Edwards, Los Ang
J Kemp, Reno T A ten. Fow;er
M Cbilders, Fresno E Walde <fe w, Sta Rosa
A H iielnnaman. Or 8 B Taylor, McKinney
feissereita Jones. NY R D Jon<-s, .> V
A Brow n, San Jo«e H T Coinpton. Stockton
C P Berry, Mtn View W Pat:erson, <"al
DrWoodmansee <t w,Cal U Lester, >an Jose
Mrs il Sauerbery.Cal 8G Little, I> ion
Mrs X L«-ach A d Orange T <t W D Clemgsen.Cal
J E Rathbon».Wi'il!ams Jo Gibson. Williams
Mrs Kraft. Max-.vell 8T Btirkliart, St l>outs
\V W Taylor. Nevada A B< ns'-!;. -au Jrse
c Smith, Martinez M A Baldwin. Oakland
T Hellron. Grass Valley J Darlington, Placervllle
D T Miller. Utah L H Ke..nard. Utah
Mrs J Perkins, Cal W R Castle Jr. Honolulu
Mr«Eßannenberi?*d,Cal Mrs L U Morgan * d, Cal
Mrs C-Grossell, Cogvliu? H 11 Nagle, Vt'a sonvi'le
C Wlckham.Hrtaldsourg X M Carman, BMt Lake
W H Jacobs, Colusa 0 Clark, Pieaaaaton
NEW WEBTERX HOTEL.
H Austin. Mo J Rodman. Kansas Civ
3 Morris, Alert H Conner, Bells
W A Wi.soi;, Bells Statn P Thomson, San Mateo
W }. Proctor, San Maleo W W K:ins, Portland
R J King, Gallaway L A l.indo. W#--st Indies
W H Kaker, Seattle J W Kyan. Seattle
W <; Wyman, Sf-attle G M Miller, Tacoma
G W scotl, Tacoma v L Jam 7, Chicago
P J Mr-gan, Petalnma R E L Madleme, D C
G Bushey, St Louis Mrs Oberiander, Mo
R M ,'lar, Hanta Kosa W Jarrett, Los Angeles
J D Young. Woodland 0 F Dohrman, Pinole
T O'Connsr. Cal J Jackson, Oakland
C H Crawford Aw, Cal R E Rand <fe w, ixw Ang
P X McCanri&w. OaKlnd J Adams, I.os Angeles
E P Kipenger. Fresno J Lynch, f-an Jose
R G Reynolds, Ban Jose J Hampden A w, Or
RH Whlpple, Portland J F Quigl*y, Ix» Angles
W H Lewis, Chicago M <- BUckfiurniw, Cal
Mrs Beriba Bush. S Jose H B Davis, Cal
Mrs M E Gregg, Ky J King, Portlaud
J Bark, Sacramento O A Ople, Mill Valley
LICK HOU^E.
' L Leinneger, Win Miss M S Simmons, Wli
| Miss J McNeil!, Wli • ' H N Baggs, Stockton '
B Mathews, Chicago - J M Lakeman, Grass V
X J Langford, San Jose G Edward. Buenos Ayrea
F M Frank, Salt Lake A M Wood, Salt Lake
W F Brown, Halt Lake X O Miller, VlnalU
8 T Black, Australia C M. Norris. Fowler •
J P Greeley. Santa Ana J A Fonhay, Los Angeles
W W seaman, Sacto Mrs K. H Adams, N V
C W Picket, Callstoga H Spring, San Jose
E M Ellwager. Cal . Hiss LUUehale, Stockton
Miss H Llttlehale, Stktn. J E Quion, Walla Walla
A <; Kavanaagu, Cal W H Wilbur, Oakland
D M Woodbury. Sn Jose G Megrew A w. OakUnd
A. Gaaaawav.lorest 11111 . C H Keyes, Pasadena
airs C Walton Fresno Miss X <;ienn, Fiesno ■"
W Sexton. Ban Jose J B Brown, Euretca
Ml l.^ Harosghiy, Cal Mrs Harosghty, Sonoma
£ £ V"!*> me * l'» W McCllntock, Sonora
G W Jordan, Lot Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
DM Hall. Phlla x. E X Glerllngs. Honduras
! m £ ll \ t '!L' fe fMn ' Mont F A Perlne<fe w. Fi Union
. 11 Z Osbourne, Los Ang c Poma. Mexico :
O J Smith & wf. Nev A Graves Jr. Tex
g» J« Long * wf. 111 Miss O Graves. Tex
£ » 1< ? ry ' Mich T LvlKhton. X V
« ?.'V Pr ' cc ' Bo « ton PP Marks, Londoo -
H M Ta i bo t - lud w H Johnson England
J X Richardson, Lincoln W. M. Johnson?-. EnSand
L Webster, Hongkong R T Pettigrew. GlaVgow
E T Cowans, London F»i And rews. Swanifa *
8 P Jones. London * -la McPhenon Erurtand
BTGreeDshlelds. India H C wSdwSS'.s "itLk.
FT Dickinson A wf.N V » TPolndext?r suntort
j m w ssssrsAu H w ArmBtM>n «- Hn '*s
. BALDWIN. HOTEL.
t ?? tCb vS" h **** * ° Wlll '«rason Aw, Cal
J 1 Lambrlch. Los Ang O Camiibell Grass Val
lion J " M.honey. Cul Mrs Jil Mahone™ CM :
Mm M Mahoney, Cal -. Mrs J L l-owmari, Cal
THE SAX FUAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
GRAND HOTEL
J A Bentley, Sfod*-s:o I Leuh:on. New York
W B Price, Boston G D I«ornln. Fulton ..V.
M D Meniu, Oakland J II Glass. Paso Boblea
W W P.ho-ie«. sac&o ?-'. W X '-ay. Clayton
W G Beston, New York V H Ward, California
B Maeraen, all forma V E Graves, Bed Bluff
Mrs P. A ililler.>an Jose J Lee, Watson ville
Mrs'CGalaes.StJkCtara Mrs C Lipman, Sacto
Mrs L S Taylor, Sacto John L Dlxon. Sarto '.
J B Irving, San Antonio Dr F T UpharmJtw. Dixon
X L Irving, San Antonio J T Ralston, Colusa
E S clute, Mcn'o . O Marchant,Grass Valley
A t ml h. Ijo* Angeles J A Lemon, Los Angeles
J B Hoyt, Birds Landing V C 'ray. Lo« Angeles
A Robinson, GLiroy Miss HoUlcgawortn. Lai
Miss M tarns, Napa . FH Woods Nap*
J T Williams Aw, Cal H G Baker. Sta Barbara
Mrs I J Bsker.S Barbara Miss L Baker. « Barbara
Miss A L Perry, L A . Mrs Van >lyck, Kiversde
Mrs 9 G Rogers, L A Master Rogers. L Angeles
ilrsFG korbanr, LA Mrs J E Miller. L adi
l E Hatch, Yallejo Un Moire, S C
Mrs L A Tiercey, Sacto D Burkna*ter<&w,BakeTsf
G F Gnerraz. Marvsvtile J T Kader, Ohio
1 A Cooper. Ukiah J Poundstom. Grand Is.d
FMKendlebergeriS-w.Cal Mrs 8 C Lake, Willows
Miss Lake, Willows W H Garlic*. Detroit
F P Black, San Jose MLm J Keliebrew, Cal
E A Bodwell.Guatemala W tl Govan, Sacto iMIMw
A Lnndber^. Valiecito
TICK OF MKKTLVGs.
i jfc-is-* TERRA BUEXa LODGE OF &. .
. m*^" Perfection No. 1 — Regular meeting »t
; THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. July 31, at A
; 8 o'clock. D. 5. jck.
j GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. £ Jssg
WPS' a. O. H., VI- lON xo. 2.- a av^jte^
m~~& srecial meeting of the above division V>\ v *f
will be held at Ulbernia Hall, 120 Ninth SiAVfT
': street, on FRIDAY KVENING. July 31. C-fV*-?
at 8 o'clock-, sharp. Business of great m- sT^ST
. portance will be transacted at this meeting.
BABTLY LEE, President. .
' Jogy K~rarT, Secretarr.
■ KS* FAIBMOUNT LODGE NO. 108. »■
SiC K. of P.. will confer third rank w JR.
In long form FRIDAY EVENING. July2S^&.
31- Grand Chancellor will be present. j22££-t
K. G. DI'.N.N. t_.
Jam E» A. Wrxsox, K. B. S.
i Jt*^» WORLD'S CHRISTIAN CO-OPERA-
! *»- 6 ' tlve Society, a corporation— an-
nual election 4tb of August next, 12 o'clock noon,
. at 224 Seventh st. All members earnestly rc-
qaested to attend. JOHX M. PORTKB. bee.
KS" REBEL CORK BENEVOLENT SOCI-
■ **■*? ty will hold their fourth annual picnic at
Shell Mound Park SUNDAY, August 2. A select
■ programme will be prepared for the occasion, A
, large amount of valuable gate prizes, one of which
i Is a new Domestic Sewing-machine now on exhi-
bition at tee Examiner Office. 756 Market %'.. : al«o
$1000 in cash for races and games. Music by the
■ Bibernla Union Band. Professor McCarthy, the
I Irish piper, and a. first-class fiddler will attend to '
the jig and reel dancing. Adults 50c; children i
: under 12 years 25c. Boats leave ferry, foot of
Market «r. . every half hour. Remember. August
i 2. at -he.. Mound. COMMITTEE.
Kfc-*^" WALDECK SANATORIUM— ANNUAL
»- *' meeting cf .he stockholders will be held at
717 Jones street on TUESDAY, Accost 4, at
8:30 p.m. WINSLOW ANDERSON, Presidant.
I C. E. looriß, Sccretar.-.
*^S=* OFFICE OF THE GERMAN SAVING^
; »*~ and Loan society— The annual meeting of
! the stockholders of the German Savings and Loan
Society will be held at the office of the society, No.
526 California street, in the City and County of
: San Francisco, Siat .- of California, on MONDAY,
the 10:b day of Angus:, :h96. at 3 o'clock p. m..
for the election of a board of directors to serve t< r
the ensolnc year, and the transaction of such
other business as shall legally come be!ore tee
I meeting. - < K<<. TO URN Y. Secretarr.
BFK4 IAI. NOTICES.
Kg" BAD TENANT* EJECTED ' FOR
*»~ collections made, city or country. Padfla
Collection Co.. 415 Monury su. room 6. -Te'.. 5580.
*— i DR. BAYER KKMOVh ' His OFFICE
*»-^ to 14 Grant aye- : residence 1703 Geary au
SITUATIONS — ' M. ——■—«——■—» a■ — ,
CB, HANSEN A CO., 110 GEABY ST..
• tarnish the best family and hotel help. Call
1 at office, Dhone or mail us your orders: cromp: at-
: tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
RS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET ST.:
only first-class female hep furnished.
I 'BENCH COOK (GOOD REFERENCES)
wants situation; also French narsegtri wants
place: city or country. Acdress F. C. box 14. « all.
i \\T ANTED— POSITION BY YOUNG WOMAN
'* In American famllr to do nr stairs work: wages
$20. Add res <L. X.. box 107. CalL
WANTED— BY YOUNG WOMAN TO DO UP-
: *■ stars work: handy with the needle; neat and
i competent; city cr country. W. B . box 15. CalL
G- IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
T housework and cooking in private family:
. wages $25. Call 1730 Baker si., near California*
DELI ABLE GIBL WISHES A SITUATION
: Xt as firs -class waitress or do second work; best
city reference. Call 2417 Clay st. _.
OMAN" WISHES a SITUATION TO AS-
j >> sist n hoasework. 1129 Mission su
; youso woman WANTS a position as
'• X chambermaid. Call l'_ 9 Perry st.
' A MERICaX LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
■£\. housekeeper: good cook; city or country: no
| postals. Address X.. 14. 995 Market aL
X\T ANTED- HOUSEWORK BY THB DAY BY
•' a German woman. 524 Alabama st.
SITUATION WANTED BY .i GOOD COOK-
neat and obliging eood references. Address
I A. H., box 114. Call Office.
\\* ANTED— POSITION -Aft COMPETENT
»» seamstress, wl:h figure suitable for cloak-
bouse model. Address C. 11 , box 104, Call Office.
SCANDINAVIAN GIBL WISHES FoDOQEH-
O era: housework. 45 Sacramen.o st.
-yOUXG WOMAN WISHES PLACE IS
\ X housekeeper: city or country. Address
; Housekeeper, 1148 Gutter, third floor, room 35.
YOUNG FRENCH LADY WISHE^ SITUA-
X lion as housekeeper, sewing or mending. Ad-
< dress 110 Sixth at.
I WHO WILL GIVE AMERICAN WOMAN
i ' » work? husband is not able 10 work and is in
great need. MRS. MORRISON, 403 Stevenson st.
WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
*" keeper: sewing and mending. Call after 11
a. if., H2I Mission su, room 3.
j V OR EUREKA, HUMBOLDT CO., COMPE-
X girl wishes situation todo chAmberwork in hotel
or general housework in family, Address S. S.,
box 57. this office. >
X AMERICAN WIDOW. WHO IS A SUPE-
rior coo». seamstress and bouHeitt-eper, desires
situation. Address MRS. FRANK, box 118 Call
Office.
"YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
X sewing and mending or very light r.ouseuorit
In exchange for good home. C, box 95, this office.
GIRL WANTS POSITION AT SEC-
J- ond work ami plain sewing. 1805 Ellis st.
DANISH (URL WOULD LIKE PLACE IN
private family to do general housework. 607
Eighth St., Oakland.
WOMAN WANTS A POSITION AS WORK-
" Ing honaeneeper. Call 1065 Market , room 10.
WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT BY THE
"' day/ washing, Ironing or bougecleaning. Ap-
ply 829 Hayes st,, near I v.'.iv.
1 WANTED- BY A COMPETENT LADY, PO-
» ' sitiou as either bonsekeeper to a widower with 1
j children or companion: is a tuorou-.h housekeeper i
j and amstrcss. Address MR??. P., ox 81, CalL
pESPECI'ABLE KXGLIMH WOMAN WISHES
i Xi position as attendant in doctor's or dentist's
, office. Apply 932 Post St., near Larkin.
! SPANISH WIDOW, LATE FROM CITY OF
kj Mexico, would .like situation as housekeeper.
I Apply 105 1-arkln sU. room 2.
! OUNO LADY, UXIVEBSITY GRADUATE,
! X desires a position as private secretary or any
I kind of office worK; Engliab, German and French;
' highest reference*. E. H., box 13, Call Office.
W incueTTer housk. 44 third ST.. SB.
" Market: 200 rooms: 25e to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; con v< nicnt and respectable;
i iree bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ T?iH
-X WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing,
SITUATIONS WA.MtJj-MALE.
CR. HANSEN <!t CO, II^GE Alt Y^T^ FUB^
. nlsh haymakers, threshin; crews, harvest
■ banda, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, mm- ■
I trs. teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
j men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
' and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND lIII I . s K EMPLOYMENT
office; beat help. 3148 Sutter: tti ''rant 80.
i C-HINIS-SK AND JAPA.-.fcst; EMPLOYAIKXT
j *' office; best help. 4141& Q-Farrell; teL E. 42a
i HINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
] help; tei. Main 1997. BRADLKY4CO..64OCIay.
AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST- !
class -Eastern and San Francisco references
I from last employer wishes situation a* gardener or
i coachman. Address G. C, box 114, Call Office.
: ARDENER, FIRST-CLASS in ever RK-
VJ apect, wants work ; wages moderate. Address
; H. IL. box 54, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— interior PAINT-
Ing, paper- banging, kalsomlnlng. Address;
! ARTHUR VERVORT, Empire House. 639 Clay.
OOD BARBKR WANT;-, WORK. ADDRESS
T, 137 third st., room 16.
\'OUNG, STRONG GERMAN .WISHES ANY
X kind of work. Address M. 8.. 1137 Mission at.
-y OU MiMAS 23 .YEARS OF AGE WISHES
X a place to drive a wagon or to work in whole-
sale nous". Address o. P., 825 Jcsate »U -
ARBER-a GOOD YOUNG BARBER TO
XJ help Saturday only. Address 8.. box 54, Call.
AS NURSE, COMPANION OR VALEi' TO
invalid ; gentleman; understands . massage
treatment; . well recommended; r would like to
travel. Addresi B. L.. box 75. Call Office.
BY MAN AND WIFE, WITHOUT' IX CUM-
XJ brance: understanding fruit and stock farming,
1 care of : ranch :or country . place: will work by
i month together. E. M., bor 1. call Office, Oakland.
AN AND WIFE WISH POSITIONS ON A
ranch: i understand I thoroughly I ranch I work.
Call or address J. A. WOODWARD, 1012 Webster
: St., Oakland.
POSITION WANTED BY A DANK; UNDKK-
x stands care of horses and ■ owaaod very band y
with tools. Address P., box 96, Call office.
AMBH COACHMAN -WANTS A SITUA-
tIon: is thoroughly competent: will give good
j references. Address C. M., box 66, Call office.
_SITUATIO>-j-;'\rAyTEP-Contlnnea.
BOOT AND SHOE CLEBK WANTS POSl-
tion; city country: best of references. Ad-
dressE. S., box 107, ail Office. . ..,
UOY.--17 YEARS OF AGE, WANTS : WORK;
XJ has worked at plumbing ; and gas-fitting 6
months; resides with parents.. Apply at 1512
■M .salon at. until noon.
SCANDINAVIAN MAN AND WIFE WISH
k^slcations oa raach or in mining camp: man !
gooa -ranchhand ■ and miner and wife good expe-
rleaced cook. caU or address 2*J5 PoweU st.
POACHMAN ANDGaBDEXER WANTS SIT-
V, nation around private place; Is bandy with
tools, and good, carefol driver: or as man about
Place. Address H. 8., box 54, 'all Office.
Q ITr ATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAR-
l "i» ned coapie In hotel; man to learn bartending,
wife as housekeeper or housemaid; wages not.
much ob3e.;u Address P. O. S.. 933 Howard sU
5> IT A TION WANTED -BY GERMAN AND
J wile, without children, to take care of a ranch:
man understands aU kind* of ranch work; wife
gooa cook and housekeeper: both hrst-class refer-
ences. Address J. R., 621 Callforc la st.
V N A M O-TENDER WANTS POSITION: 19
»J a v competent electricUn and mechanical
draughtsman. , Please address r , box 60. Call.
oung man wants POSITIOX in gro-
.-*• eery or general merchandise store; good book-
******: good reference, U. M., box 21. Call Office.
C ITUATIOX WAXTED —BY FIR.VI -CLASS
U lanndry-washcr. Address L. R., box 69. Ca:l.
A'OUNG MAN, GKRMAX. WHO HAS BEEN
-•- work-in* In delicacies and grocery business !
wants a position. Address A. LUKBAXPA, 2162
Alam'da aye., Alameda
VV 1 C , llt:: - Tiiß HOUSE. 44 THIRD, NEAR
JL ■*•**«— tlec '- ric "* hu in every room: 200
"*™ s: 25c to •! 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
» cc»: : rree bus ana Baggage to and from the ferry.
AY li . HE ">TEB MOU>E, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" -M*^*— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
>ek: free Vis and bag-ag» to »nd from the ferry.
t'gHALfc- ; liJiL** »»A>l±-O.
IS 557- S . ECONI> GIBL " fid" MIS 3 CULLEX.
-*-' 323 Sutt -r at.
\ EAT GIRL AS GOVERNESS AND SEAM-
•*~ stress, $20. MISS CULLEX. 323 Sutler au
"VEAT REFINED GERMAN GIRI, NO COOK-
j-1 ing. flg^Mxas CULLE.V. 323 Setter st.
C rr?r B AID ' " AS RAFAEL, $15. MISS
\J Cl LLEN , 323 Setter st.
\V°^ A: IWITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
*» LEN.3L'3 SnttersU
pOOK. $30; GERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK,
y, *3 5; second girt, $20: nurse, $15; housewcrk
•'« " » I > | l. $20; 20 housework girls, $20 and
7?: _ 6 , young girls to assl3-,slo to $15.- MISS
cLLLEN. 323 Sutter at.
XH^c^'oI 0 SLtEl< HOME; $10. MISS CUL-
___r 323 Suiter su .
■\ OUNG GIRL: LIGHT WORK: ; $15: NO
X waahlng. MIS.s CULLEN. 323 Sutter sd
G F £?£ ' COOK: *-' 5 - MISS CULLEN, 323 )
t\' A.MjtD— siCCOXD GIKL. A SHORT DIS- j
. '* uc *- 20: 4 cooks in German and American
families, $^5 $30 and $33: Protesiant girl for
housework. 2 m family. $25; governess. $25: I
laundress, $'25: 5 girts for cooking and house-
work, ♦'•'St a ci a large number 01 girls for all
£■? s ,HL, work in city and country. J. F.
T A CO , 312 sutler st.
( -OOK for boarding-house, CITY, $25-
V^ cook for private family. $20: German girl for
general housework, city, $25: French nurseglri,
city. $16. C R. HANSE.V <fc CO., lIP Geary at.
U AITRE>S, FIBST-CLASS SPRINGS. $20:
" waitress, resort. $20: 3 chambermaids, city
note', $1.; waitress, restaurant, dtr, $15 with
room; waitress restaurant, city, $15
and room. c. R. HANSEX A i 0.. 110 Geary st.
\\ AITRESS AND A Si- IST CH AMB ERWO R X,
" mining town, $20. fare paid; waitress, first-
c ess country hotel, *20: cook, few boarders. $20:
con sork5 ork and cooking, country. MURRAY <fc
i'.£"t.f *- L *» dla *' Employment. Agents, 634 and
000 Clay st-
-41 AITRESS. COUNTRY HOTEL. $20. "R00M
»' . etc: hoiel laundress, $25. room etc.; woman a:
dishwash-r. $^0, room etc.; housegirl, sth St.. $15,
girl for minister s tamily, $15: girl for Treat aye..
$15. girl for Webster «•.., $15: girl for Gutter st.,
$15: girt for Lyon St., $15; girt for Gojgh St., $U;
girl for Oak st, $12; nnrseglrl, $10: middle-aged
"•oman $IU, in family of 2; 15 German, 11 Swed-
ish and 4 Danish girls. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st.
\\T AN D— YOUNG WOMAN AS HOUSE-
»» keeper on ranch, $30. 3 German girls for
coosing and housework. $20 and $25: French
girts to assist, $12 and $15: nurse, 2 grown call-'
drea, $15. LEON AXPhE, 315 Stockton st.
»»' ANTED — MIDDLE-AGfc-li WOMAN OR
»» young girl to assist with light housework. In-
quire 1718 I'ost st.
\» OMAN TO DO HOUSEWORK AND CAKE
" of children. 129 Langton.
E FINED LADY FOR GOOD POSITION; NO
XV canvassing. all 131 Post su. room 20.
«• I PER WEEK: CUTTING, BASTING AND
0 I finishing your own dresses; Tuesdays free.
FLYNX, 14 McAllister.
\\T ANTEI>-2 FORGENERAL HOUSE.
»» worK, $^0, and a at $15. Mi'.S. RoESCIL
Female l^mpiovment Office. 1545 Web&ter su,
A lamed*.
l\- ANTED— A YOUNG GIRL. GKRMAX PKK-
» » f erred, who can do piain cooking: 2 in family:
wages $15. Call between 9 and 12 a. jc, 1229b
J II is at. : most have ref re rice.
/ 1 tiIAIA.V GIP.I. >\>R~gT NEKAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 1308 a Leavenworth st.
j" IBL OR WOMAN IN RESTAURANT: GOOD
\J home. 202 Ninth st. .
IRL FOB LIGHT HOUSEWORK; GOOD
home: small wages. R. 2, -1 Van Ness. after 8.
ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY; STEADY
xl. employment; good wages if satisfactory; horn?
foriif*-. Write stating age, D. F., box 96. Call.
WANTED DIATELY-A LADY TO
" travel East for "lie Vlavi Company. Address
L. V., 1:304 Van Nets aye.
\\" ED— l Wo EXPERIENCED GIRLS TO
»» wrap soap. Aptly Ntw York soap factory.
Army st.. sear San Kruno road.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS TO WORK
»' on fruit. Apply Immediately, CALlFOßNlA
CANNERIES CO., Bran nan st., between Third
and Fourth.
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING lessons
given -tils* DoY LE. Powell aU, 105 9th.
1 EARN CUTTING. FITTING AND FINISH-
xj ins: $1 a week: patterns cot to order. 25c up-
McDowell Dressmaking School, 636 Market st.
HAIRDRK 25p AND 36c : MOP.NING
andevedasses: l(/lecsons.$l 50. 11:48 Mission.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
•JX Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $8
I' r •■"■ > -r*<» 'rm- :.-:'1 haggnr" -o m ! from fi»rr'-
11ALK _j^*> WANTED.
\V 'Kl>- EXPERIKNCED CTJRSB FOB
»» private Insane ■ asylum, near city; must be
neat and genteel man: salary $30 per month and
found. Apply to W. D EWER A CO., 626 O«y aU
\\r A. STEP— FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN,
'» city exDrrience and references required, $30 ,
to $35 per month and found: swamper for logging
camp, near city. $35 and found: b acKsmith
helper, 20 and found and Increase: night coot,
nrst-c:ass place, $50 j,~ month: also larmers,
teamsters, milkers, etc ; nurse for insane asylum
in conntrj', $30 and found. W. P. BWUt A CO.,
626 Clay st.
\\- ANTKP— PHOTOGKAPHER. WITH OUT-
»' fit. to take views on commission. W. D
EWKR <fc CO., 626 Clay su
\\~ ANTED— IRON MULDER FOR COUNTRY-
»» quartzmill man, $3 a day: blacksmith, $1 50
a day and board: biacks*nl.b helper; 2 quarry-
men, $•-; 50 a day; tuuneiman, $1 60 a day and
boaf d : laborers for country, $1 a day and board :
chore boy, $10 and found: coo* for 8 men, $20 and
increase; Japanese cook and laundry man for coun-
try, $30. and others. Apply to J. F. CROScTT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\\ EAT AND PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY HO-
i»A tei, $60: oy.-t'-r and g-jon-ort*er cook for a
cafe, country, $40. see party here: pantryman and
clean vegeubles. tor springs,- fM: porter with
h-i-ciass references. $30: 3 waiters for country
hotels, $30: vegeiablemen, dishwashers and
kitchen-uai.ds. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary at. . ,
1 00 LAI *OKEHB FOR RAILROAD WORK-
hyYv, no . rtb: "° office fee aad reduced fare; ■< we
110 Gear thC we * - C ' R - HANSEN A CO.,
TRONER WHO CAN BUN TYLER MACHINE",
x country-hotel laundry, $40 and tound ; all round
i. an v- d i - hotel, $35 and found. C. R. UA.N-
SEN A CO., Ho Geary st. :' ; . • ' !
9() MtX TO DRILL, HOLD DRILL r AND
— v hammer men: powder man; -concentrator
for a large gold mine, $9J' per month: foreman
Siableman, $3.' 60 month: 3 milkers, $22 50 and
and $25; dairyman,-- $20; 5 woodcboppuis, $2
£??' • I ** l ters,<3o; 20 tiemakers; 4 c»oks. StA).
f?H *." nd •*0; - a washers: ranch cook, : $30.
MURRAY. A RUDY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 CUy su, . ' : -
I i EMAN FOR A LARGE RANCH. 940 TO
x ¥50 per month; see boss here. . MURKAY A
KKAD\, Leaalng Employment Agents, 634 and
bio Clay sU'^Bnß-nBH4B*ABHBHHta~MBHHHBBMi
IV' ANTED— (OR i RESTAURANT AND
.* ' cygter-hou^e, $12 a week: waiter, plain hotel,
$25; waiter, small, chopbouse. $20: dishwasher,
$V 0; toy for bakery, $15, etc. • LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton s'. -!-,;; .
\j AX TO CONTRACT TO DRY FIGS; JAPAN.
«. \. ess l»undryn>an, country." s2s; concentrator,'
♦4 day; machine miner, $3 day; boarding-house
waiter. $25: dishwasher, country, $18 and room.
B. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. :
COOK, SMALL PLACK,<S7; A WEEK AND
V^ room, call early, dishwasher, $4 a .week; ~2
plasterers: waiter, $30 and room, MARTIN 1
749 Market st. •;• ■■-■;■ ...-..-
-pO-icENTRATOR" FOR MINE; $3 PER DAT.
V, MISB CULLEN. 323 Sutter su-j ,
MAN AND WIFE: $40 ' PER MONTH. ,MISS
CULLKN, 323. cutter st. .
OOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $65: YOUNG
' bell boy. $15. HOTEL GAZETTE, -420 Kearny.
: HOY, 9. TO 11 , (ORPHAN PREFERRED),
•1 •: wishing a good home in the* country. "Apply
156 Clementina, Saturday, 9to 1 o'clock. . ,
■..•■-■,. . - , - . - ... ■:■:'■■
. HELP WASTED- Continued.
ANTED— BY EXPERT : ACCOUNTANT
• ' several sets of ' books to ' write up evenings;
also, lessons In bookkeeping given': terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, box 144.
Call « gee :
ANTED— IO DRUNK AKP3 TO CUBE OF
" arankeun~s (spirit-drinkers preferred); com-
plete care in one week by a succession of minor
surgical operations. Address DR. DIPSA, box 81,
this office. , . -
s;TKO.SG, INTELLIGENT BOY: GERMAN
»- preferred: must live with parents: to deliver
bc-oks and make himself generally useful. 2015
Mission st. . .
X EXPEBIENCMSO NIGHT FOREMAN IN
an elect -car barn. Box 11, CaU Office. Oak-
land.
BARBER WAXTED FOR BATUBDAY.
X? BUFF'S, 237 Sixth sU
WAMEIf- GOOD TAILOR TO WORK IX A
" store. 202 McAllister su
EXPiiBIENCED-;LOAKPBESSEB WANTED.
16 Tnrk st.
BOY WHO HAS WORKED IN DBY-GOOP3
store. 1368 Market St.
ANTED— GOOD PAINTER; SOBER MAX.
"' XE iQmer California and Larkia sts.: 81.M.
&_J PANTS TO OKDER; LATEST STYLE;
O^t. send stamp, for sample. WEITHMAIS
Pants Co., 22~^ Geary St.
STEADY YOUNG MAN TO ASSIST GENEB-
aIIy in office, experience not necessary, $75 per
month, mast have $150 cash. - GEO. STEWART,
602 Ma:ket st. ...
\Y ANTED— STEADY MAN* IN COMMISSION-
'» house: wilt pay $75 per nK nth: cash required,
$15a See GO I.ANu. 45 Third su ~*-
OURXtYMEN BARBKRS 1 LOCAL UNION '
No. 27. J. B. I. U. of A, Employment Bureau, i
102 Seventh st. _^^^
\fh.VB HALF-SOLING. 50&: LADIES, 40c.; I
i-'A done while you wait. 6:- 8 Market, opp. Palace !
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ F!nc"c's,s.P-
- MEN. EVERY DAY, AT 207
" oarth st., the biggest and best shop In the
city: 5c shaving, 10c haircutting.
IjEEFSTEAK'aXD ONIONS, WITH COFFEE,
XJ sc; 2 side dishes free. 635 Clay st.
YEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
-^"1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nlzht 15c to 1
50c;week $1 tos2 60; read ing- room strictest '
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet; open all ni^ht.
T ARG £ STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
J-i on hand: shoes to order, »3 50; band-sewea
shoes, $5. 7::6Vfr Howard at., bet. Third and fourth !
V»' INCHEeTEV. 44THIRD ST., NEAR
• > Market: 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to aud from the ferry.
pAKB~ERS— FOR employment CALL SEC.
X> p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCH.g. 325 Grant aye.
ABBEB.V PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment aecreutry, CONRAD T RO LL. 657 Clay.
I • AttmtttTl ASSOCIATION Or < Ai. KMI"LUi-
I ' ment. Sec'v. ,' >•. Hamann. V : 9 ' '1 O* FarretL
A NTEP— FOR THE UNITED STATES
'» Marine Corps. U. S. navr. able-bodied, un-
married men between the age« of 2: and 30 years;
not less th»n 5 feet. 5 inches in height; of good
aracter and temperate habits: able to read,
rite and speak English properly; only citizens of I
th« United States or persons who have legally de- i
clared their intentions 10 become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch. of the naval
B»rvlc- offers special inducements; giving oopor-
tunuies to visit all parts of tee wor:d on board our |
new cruisers. For further information apply at the ]
R*crnl ing Office. 20 Ellis at., San Francisco. CaL |
BL.-l PLACE JN THE CITY FOR SKCOXD- i
hand shoes. 749 Mission st.. opp. Grand Opera- I
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50 i
and *3: ladies', gents' and children's miatit and ;
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
SUNNY BOOMS .'ROM $1 TO $3 PER WEEK.
O The New Grand, 243 Third st.
T ODGIXGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Con;laental Hoose, 521 Padfi . below Kearny.
\\r TED—AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OP
•«» some simple • thing to patent; Protect your
Ideas; they ma? bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A <"0.. D«pt. L. Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C. for their $IbUO prizo oier
snd list of '200 inventions wanted. :
U'E HAVE a LOT OF damaged shoes j
»' selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast |
off shoes bough: or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
ANTED— MEN FOR CLEAN BEDS: 25c
" night; $1 week. Bosedale, 321 Ellis st.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
I J.NDtILL HOUSE.. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' sis.; single furnished rms 7Acweek, 15c night. !
S.— BEitOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643 i
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 5c
"I /1 A aUS> iv TAKE . LODuIXU A.T loc, 15c
X \i\J and 20c a night. Including COSea ana roils.
lit Washington st., near Kearny.
E-«T IX CITY--KIXGI E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND !
25 c«nts per night. $1. $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sta .
\\ r t. ARE SHOE DOCTOR*; WE REPAIR
»' your old shoes and make them as good as new
snd with our new machines we can do your work
ft one-half the usual price: done while you wait.
Ct.2 Mission st., between First and second sta.
KOOMS 150 TO 75c PKB NIGHT: 800 TO *1 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm su
«' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' • to know that Ed Rolklu, Reno House proprie-
tor, ctili runs Denver House, 217 Thirds-.; 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
\\r AXTEIVro COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
' » ery&deri-s. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
ELCHO HOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.- '
11 00 ma 20c.. 25c. to 50c. night: $1 to $5 week.
\| EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■1m all grocers keeD it. '
WAXTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
' » -r«ek; ' rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 06 Clay su '
\%rANTED-"MEX~TO~" LEARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks reoulred; tools given and
catalogue sent. R, K. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
AGKXT3 WAMTKi). — —
ANTEP — AGENTS ASi) CANVASSERS
'' for white letters. Sole mira, 409 Sanchez st.
ALARY AND COMMISSION TO EN OF
good address. Room 20. 401 California, 9to 10.
houses wasted.
\\r ANTED— A SUNNY HOUSIToF 9 OR 10
»' good rooms In northwest section: rent must
be reasonable. Address Naval Officer, box 70. Call
Office. Oakland. ■ - . ■
. "kooms wanted,
ttxfurnished alcove or large sun-
vJ ny room by lady ; must be reasonable and 15
mins. from postofhee. Address C. box 7:. CalL
■you xo~ MAN ~w anTs ROOM IX AMERI-
X can nrlvate family. Terms to R.. box 6. Call.
»AMtb-Jtti^ttLLA>KOLS.
ECOnld""haND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. 1 LOi'lilNi. ANUJKW
flrr to A. KLEIN. 1.')9 «Itt!i it. : fend p-->s: v.
. IihUICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar , to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinemenu - DR. A MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister si., next . Hibernia Bank:
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES BE-
-TV stored in* a few hoars; ■ t*fe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' " successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY need; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MKS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post sU, near Larkin.
ANEW PBOCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTBU-
mem or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all . female troubles, no matter
from, what cause; restores always In one day:
can be sent arid used at home: all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny si.
OCTORS, ATTENTION! I WILL FI'RNISH
a sing ri™ as good as the city affords and reli-
able driver for 30 per month. Address E. A.,
box 67. this office. . > :
LPBAU'S. FRENCH PILLS— A BOON ,TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure: $2 50 express '.O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD OS., Oakland, Cal. .
OB MEN— GREEN'> GUARANTEED CUKE;
greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness; cure guaranteed or money re-
turned: trial free. Acnt, KELLY. 102 Kddy st.
ÜBE CURE FOB ALL FEMALE DISEASE-?,
0 from whatever cause: a home ie confinement
with every com for- : satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. Q\\ YER. 226 Turk su ,-./,.
DRS.- GOODWIN. DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
. dully:- unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement.: best care:
low fees: pills »2. Moved to 904 McAllister st _
MBS. PR..WEGENKR TAKES' LADIES. BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treau all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. - 419 Eddy su. -■:•-•
fi»AAfl FOR EVERY FAILURE TO CUR:.;
*3O\J\J eye diseases successfully treated.' Laales,
consult free MRS. DR. SCOTT, 216 Powell st.
LL .SKIN DISEASES PERMANENTLY
cured or 1 o pay. J. CASTAUXIXI. 4. '5 Fil-
bert St., 9 to 11 or 7 10 9 p. si.: or send postal. :.
It. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and chikiren.
B- 1 . J. A. AI'HaRD, .MIDWIKK-HnMK IN
'confinement: 25 yrs' experience 555 Mission.
\1 US. M. E. BODGEBS. PRIVATE HOME IX
ATX- confinement; terms reduced. 9£9 Howard st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
Xgee 3IK3.DR. PUKTZ and becoptenU -'&4y% 4th.
PRIVATE HOMt; IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
1 DR.FCNfKK. 1416 Hlghth tt.. Mam ■ la.
;"-'■• y-;- ritYsiciAXs. '» ■ :'_■•■[■■ ..-, -. ■
f^R. CV d O'PONNELU 1206 MARKET, cor^
XJ Golden Ga-.e aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT. 1 DR. JORDAX AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market at.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatmaat;
tie worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
I
■-'-'_ * *"' - Btrgiy^s^ 1 •' CHAycKV :_. [
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI- I
iiesj. LUBELSKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
WE WANT FIBS 1 -CLASS CIGAB STOKE:
» ' centrallr located; receipts must average $1200 :
to $1500 per month: mns: stand full invesiiga- \
tlon. LUBfc-LsKI A CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
©•> U \ GROCERY AND BAH: ALSO COX- |
• -•'"l.', fectlonery aad fruit ; doing $1000
business month: In me country town, 1"A hours* |
ndetromcitr; established 10 years; this is a rare ;
bargain: will stand fullest investigation. LUBEL- !
SKI A CHASE, 7 City Hall aye. ' |
OBSESHOEIXG BUSINESS: BEST IX THE
city; foil value in sight; will sell, trade or
take in partner; investigate this. LUBELSKI A
CHASE, 7 City Han aye.
(OOCA ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND
•. ■——«-'"•" bar business; actual value of price j
asked In stock and fixtures; good oca; and out- '
side trade; must be sold, owner interested in other ■
business: investigate this place.- LUHF.I..SKT A •
CHASE. 7 City Hall aye. . ■ . •
TF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND ■
X e - . as sbow you sorcetin*- places at bargains: call
at once. LCBELSKI 4 CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
3~-j 'f\ BRANCH BAKERY. STATIONERY
i^iOOyJ. and candy store: 4 living-iooms; low
rent: doing business of iS to $10 per day; same
party 3 years. See BARRETT, 1125 Market St.,
at ci yar-stand. .
' Q1 f\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORK;
•_ X • ; V. best location: receipts avenue $15 a
' day: horse and w&gon: low rent; living rooms.
! See BARRETT. 1125 Market SI.
Q9QH ' IGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AND
•■ V —'J\J. laundry office: No. 1 location: living I
' ro ms: low rent; doing good business. See BAR- •
j RETT. 1125 Markets'. j
• i 7-: BBAXCH BAKERY, stationery ;
OX I O. and candy store: north of Market St.: |
j low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See '
1 BARRETT. 1125 Market. . - |
•Q? SALMON DOING A $35 PER DAT |
•. — •".'". business: near Palace Hotel; rent |
. $40; 2 years' lease: best bargain ever offered: call
I at once. WILKE. 53i;Ca:lfornia si.
Cj~i -i\ SALOON CLOSE TO BUILDERS' \
C"iw". Exchange: must sell at once: owner
appointed by S. P. R. B. WILKE A WOLF, 531
California st.
Ci 1 ~f\f\ ROADHOUSE. CLOSE TO THE
C LO\J\J. city: first-class paying: owner bought
' a dairy: offers only accepted for 3 days. WILKE
A WOLF, 531 California sU
C9finn DBCG STORE IX WESTERN
O—UUU. Addition: 4 living- rooms; rent $45:
established years: large patronage: owner to re-
{ tire. WILKE A WOLF. 531 California ■**.
TO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick tor cash see GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
Q(,A|, CORNER AND BAR: NO.
• ■ lrl ". 1 location; pays well; cheap rent; bar-
gain; account of sickness. GUS STRAND, 45
Third st.
C; 1 9(JA LIQUOR-STORE, FULL VALUE IX
•- 1 — *'" sight: 6 good living rooms, cheap rent,
longl ease. *<?«• GUS STRAND. 45 Third — .
SALOON: NO 1 LOCATION: WITH 3 FUR-
nisned rooms: cheap rent; will be sold at a
great bargain if taken at once. See GUS BAND,
45 Third st.
j Cil fiflft OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER :
j «.. X\J\J\J. saloon on prominent street: long i
lease; investigate this bargain. STEXBEBU CO.,
632 Market.
Ql QnO PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING '
i QXOUU. saloon. STEXBERG ca,632 Market ;
i Q97-; CORNER FRUIT STORE: OLD '■
' <iT— • *Ji tablished: living rooms: receipts aver- '
| age $12: retiring. SJENBERG CO., 632 Market.
i Cq-A MANUFACTURING BUSINESS— A
; %.,*JO\J, good active business man wanted to
I take hold of an article covered by patent: has ■
• never been put on the market: special induce-
ments offered to the right party: will take pan
cash. .GEO. STEWART, 602 Market St.
mo BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS QUICK SEE
X PEMIXG A SH ARTS, 737 Market at.
LOT TO EXCHANGE FOR CARPETS AND
furniture. PEMIXU A 3HARTS, 737 Maric-u
HOTEL TO LEASK FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms: also ground-floor and well-
llzh:ed basement; centrally located, half block X
t of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and '
l.mporion) building: newly furnished throughout: !
. furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur- j
ther particulars apply to S. SILVJ-.RBERG, 320
sansome su. room 39
rpHE PEL NORTE HOTEL, CBESCEXT CITY.
X California— best equipped house In North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
I leased on favorable terms: this house is the best !
( paying investment in Northern California, aud !
must be disposed of on account of sickness. hor I
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal.
y'.'ABl'VS THE ELM saloon and !
•„ tj')\J billiard parlors, with ODen front cigar ,
stand: both we.l stocked, doing flrst-claes ness: 1
family troubles cause of selling; Elmhurst, oopd- !
site power-house San Leandro and Hay wards
; electric road. Call or address Elm Saloon, Elm- i
I hnr*t, Cal.
| ANTED— IO MEN. EACH WITH $400. OK j
»» one man wi h $4000; active or silent partners
In a manufacturing business; wi 1 make In three I
years $120,000 and more: security In plant and •
property. Inquire for 4 days at 239 Chattanooga '
street, city from Bto 10 o'clock a. m., 2 to 4 p.m. j
4 T A BARGAIN. ON GEARY ST., IX A NICE !
x\. location, loaging-house of 12 rooms, beanti-
tlfully furnished, nearl • new, all f '11: a restaurant, !
with 4 living- rooms, doing a good business: sold as :
a whole or separate. PH ELPS A CO.. 917 Larkin. \
Q7^fl CORNER GROCERY AND BAB i
•_ ' *Jyj. clearing ?90 monthly: living rooms •
with all furniture; full value In sight: a chance of
a lifetime; rent $20: must sell: proprietor going
East; no agents. Apply Call Office.
SMITH FOR SALE : SPLKNPID OPPOBTU- '
t^}rX\J\J . nlty; icecream parlor, ca^dy, station- ;
cry, cigar and tobacco sore: good location. Ad-
dress A. PILTZ, San Rafael, CaL, opp. broad- •
gauge depot.
IXE~OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS |
man in rapidly growing neighborhood ; cor. !
Third aye- and Clement, st., with 4 rooms: Sutro j
cars pass door. D. PAXGEKS. 101 California st. '
GOOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO j
VJ close estate: business esU since 1869: amocn: ;
needed $40,000: owner will remain If Arrangement I
can be made. Address F. D.. box 137. Call Office.
V\ ANTED— PARTY WITH $10,000 TO $15,-
-" 000 capital in well-established business:
money well secured and big interest or profits
guaranteed. Address F. D.. box 54, Call office. -•
lj-OR BENT— BAKERY, BOARDING AND I
x lodging house: stable; 10 Ing-rooms: 6 liv-
ing rooms: central part of San Mat«-o. Further '
par! :cuUrs inquire T. IIIPPEN, San Mateo.
BIG OFFER- SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE; j
-13 complete; present owner established 10
years; selling on account of opening new place.
1053 Market sU: tee owner.
A BONANZA FOR RIGHT PARTY— FIRST-
-lX class restaurant and :odging-house for sale at
a bargain on account of sickness. Apply F. B. !
HOOSOX, Hay wArds, CaL
OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN; !
first-class oyster and chop house tor sale, I
cheap; best location In city: proprietor leaving '
city. 216 Sixth.
ffij 1 r^C\ BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS:
<Irl*J". rooms; reut $12. SKIFF A CO- 921
Market st. .
, ARGAIN IX A RESTAURANT: $200 DOWN I
' l and monthly payments: established 4 years; '
doing fine business: price $325. 765 Market st.
C* I Tv/m LIVERY STABLE.; ESTABLISH- i
i.iJ\J\J. Ed 15 years; 10 horses. 2 hacks, 5 i
buggies. 2 surreys, carts, harness. 3114 16th st. '
Cj O£< I GROCERY AND DELICACY STORE. ;
O— «J". laundry agency, etc.; 'near school: no
opposition: chance of lifetime. Inquire Call Office. :
"T*OR SALE— LIQUOR-STORE AND SALOOX:
X fine stock and trade: present owner going in
vh" e-ale business: will sell cheap. 236 East st.
! ©•->MfliY ; BAKERY. ICE-CREAM PARLOR
i «Jp»>UVV/. and candy factory: country town of
i 3000; no competition. Add. J. M., Angels Camp.
QQ- AVERAGE WEEKLY NET INCOME
<"?O<J with $2JO Invested: safe: conservative; '
prospectus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Bntwy.N
ESTALBAXT AND COFFEE - HOUSE IN !
heart of city: splendid location for oy»ier par-
lor; must be sold, owner is sick. Apply Vail. :
COUMY-ROAI' BUSINESS CORN TO '
lease: a bargain to tbe right party; trn tiding of
•JO rooms; large stable. to Call Office. •
ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15 .
to $18 daily; rent $20: near San l-ratsclsco. ■
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st. i
OLD-ESTABLISHED S-CHAIB BARBER-
shop, account of retiring from busluess: owner
6 year* in the place. 1308 Howard st.
C'-^nO STOCK OF 4-ACRE PtULTRY I
«J5«Jv/"". ranch and orchard, on car line Fruit- '
vale; rent $10. 34 Donocoe building- . -
pRUCEKY-STORE AND * ROOMS' GOOD •
KM stand; rent chean. 17 Zoe st.. bet. I hird and
Fourth, Bryant and Bran pan. -™ ,
I'AKKBY AT A BARGAIN; BAKKS FROii"'!
1 > to 4 bbls. of flour dal.y ; full inspection allowed. '
Cecterviiie. AlamoUa County. wl j
W A iil ED ~ PA S TNBR: OFFICE BUSINESS- '
*» $250 required: money secured. «•-•-■.»» '
Trace. Fostofliov box 2506. agccwq - Aaaresjg ,
rPHK OXLV MUDERN IMPROVED HOTEL I
T?«ORSALE-CIGABSTORE,TRAXSFEKCOSI !
fa?keis!r° Unl ° f aiCknes^ Apply Sifrh^d
ASH MEAT MARKET; DOING A GOOD '
Ems «. " : i "* 1 rv » son * bi *- i««uj» m i
I^OR SALK 'OK Take PARTVKR «\r tT
EnST la< turinK b ~* ' ■** StSf *u»
■LMNE CORNER SALOON \\n »*-«■«•» it"
iS,nu Fell aud st.^aa «... op^GofuVu v^e
"tJEsTAUIiAXT VOR SALE CHRAP OWNKR
tery ,?. ** '"*" b « '» «• «»lU «
TNTERIOH AGK.NCY OK ; CALL FOR «*i i ie"
XpOß_ SAI.K -- IHIWNTV>WX" S.VIXWN — For
C A LOOS l-VUSALK CU K.U\ '.\rFLY r2l>\\~
p D CARROLL A CU, 40? n»W ry »U E "> v '
pARTXKH IN <UH»l> I'.W UN>! iJU^INKSvsT
X. capital rcquipo^yioq HUM Mark»t >».,rw^i.
XV llxtu-s; now rotmlug. Koota a. ?„•> tVuitbV
1 prsrygq*! cnAycrr*?— c«wittna^f.
i XTLEGAXT CAXDY STORE "■" WITH '' BOOMS*
j XJ country; no opposition. 3. A., box 67, Call.
OOD CLEAN RESTAURANT FOB BALK.
914 Seventh St., Market station, Oakland.
A-ICK SALOON FOP. SALE: CHEAP; OX
X> » Keanty au: no agents. 817Ke»mysT»
1; ALOON: LONG LEASE; LOW BEST. AP-
-0 ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st ■ .•
LD- ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY;
bar. - HILBf.RT BROS., 103 PoweU st.
Ai-OOX; A BARGAIN: BENT TAKEN OUT
In liquor. 1004 Market st.. room 1.
LODGIXG-HOUSE3_ roB SALE.
c» 6 f\ h ca hhTbalasce PAYMENTS:
>oUUI2-room house, *500. DECKEB, 1020
Market st. " .--■■.■■ • - - , ; .
n. .-BOOM HOTEL AND BAB TO EXCHA KG
Ky' ' $20oy
9 rooms, only— yes— only
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 6<W
■-0 rooms, comer, only - 1-00
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. 300
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $5O to $50U0
Apply to DKCKER. 1020 Market at. - —
O BUY OR s-ELL A LODGING-HOUS B
quick for cash see GUS STBA 2P, 45 Third st.
ADY WANTS 15 TO 20 EOOM HOUSE FOB.
* cash. Address Cash, box 104. Call. .. . , -
\TICELY FCRXISHED HOUSE OF 9 BOOMS
i.l at a sacrifice. IPS Taylor at. ' -. ■-".-'-
-1 A BOOMS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED;
X \J chance for desirable tenant; choice: low rest.
203 Taylor st. -___ .
*1 Z.l\ HOUSE 13 LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
CIOU. $35; water free; grand bargain. 149",-a
Fifth st. . ■•"•-.- - ••-' ■•■■•-■-■■.;
O^HA *■* ROOMS: GREAT SACRIFICE,
(DwUu. account of other business. House, box
67. Call Offl:e. - '■ "
on WELL-FURNISHED BOOMS: FULL: LOW
■i-O rent; cheap. 904 Howard St., woodyard.
0 4 -ROOM HOUSE ON MABKET ST. VERY
—~l -neap. PHELPS A CO.. 917 Larkin s:.
ILliMlilii. lUii s>.^._-K.
"iTlßrT^Aim
J Prices stand till goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta «18 50
Bed lounges < 8 00
Steves 7 50
Carpets, per yard... 65
Linoleum, per yard. 65
Matting, per yard ] 10
Till oar new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we .are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
XOONAX. ■•-.»• .-.-.,- : '
"VICE FURNITURE, 3 BOOMS, CHEAP;
J.> house to rent. 1810 Post st. Apply after 10.
T L. J. NEUMANNS. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household gnods. new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
AIU\ CAKPIiTS; CHAMBFR .BETS. $14:
•±\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets. $20: fold'._e-b*l».
$10: bed- o-nc-g. $7Tt. D. MCCARTHY 112 4;a.
i-UKXITC'IIi- WAHTXO.
WANT IURNITUBE AND OFFICE FlX-
tares of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
rro SELL FURNTT UB TO A DVa
1 M. SILVEK."sT£.IX,S69 Howard su;send postal
C. MUTHEK, 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
. eot cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
IF YOU WANT GOOD PitICES FOR FUBXl-
ture and merchandise b*»BL'HU Jll Larkin.
TN DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
MAYJSK buys YOUR FUR .VII
. raroets. piano. llx^ Market: teL Jessie 7dL
CAJrO^tX ciacAJfixc
"TONES Ca CAB?KT- CLE AXING i AXD
tl renovating ' works. Main office 35 and 27 8:X
pABPET CLEANING, He: LAYING, 3&: RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198 th at.
pi Rt AT WESTERN CARPET-BEATINCI
VJT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3e and lay-
Ing 3c yd. O. GEORGE. 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WM_
"* poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st- : .#L So. 40.
i ON KLIN 'S CAKPET EEATIXG WORKS. sai
V Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CITY SI CARPET CLE.VNINO.REXOVA-
\J Une. 38 Bth. STEVENS, met. TeL South 25a
pABPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J Uke new. FEBGUSOX A CO.. 23 Tenth; c*.
feooth 36. d. mackintosh acu.. roccessori.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAMNO CO.. -US
. 14th su; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND BBN-
. ovatlug works. 453 Stevenson: t«L sooth '.'Ui
UtSICAL IXSTKUiIIiXTs.
PECIAL INDUCEMENTS TO PBOSPEC-
O tive buyers before removal to 526 Hayes St.;
now is yoor opportunity to buy or exchange or
rent pianos: mnsica! instruments at cost. J.
HARRY SCOTT. 929 Market st.
A NOTHER SPECIAL INDUCEMENT fOR
-OL- purchasing from Sherman, Clay A Co.; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per mouth: only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
Guaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., cor.
Kearnv and Setter sts.. Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway A Sons' pianos.
ACTUALLY THE BKST BARGAINS IN'
ii pianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPEXCER CO warerooms,933Market st.
W G. badger, sole AGENT for hauet
"" •A Davis acd Francis Bacon pianos, 406 .-•ac'to
A LMOST NEW STEIN WAY UPRIGHT;
-rV party forced to sell Immediately. Boom 10,
809 Market st. ' .
O UPRIGHTS, $100: SQUARE. $75; NEW
0 pianos, $175; all musical goods cheap. M.AU-
VAIS, 769 Market st. -
G* I f\(\ FIXE HAINES PIANO. BCHMITZ,
0 1 UU. 16 McAllis er su. next Hibernia Bank.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAIXE BROS.'. BUSH
JJ A Gens and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT d; CO.. 324 Post st.
C-HICKEKING, KNABE. STECK.VOBE, »TER-
/ ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; ptaaos
•or rent. BEXJ. CURTAZ A SOX. 16 O'FarrelL
si 1 Aft ELEGANT UPRIGHT, QUITE NEW,
~£M~±l/. forsale.ssinstlimts. 221 Leavenworth.
C CLEARANCE SALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; $150
v np: everything at coat. BRUENN, 228 Posu
YROX MACZY. 3CS POST ST.— SOHM^bT
Newby A Evans. Erlggs : nd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLIN-*. ZITHERS. OLD*.V« —
H. MILLER, maker, repalr-r. 2 lji:h«n>Bace.
JKS-* CHEAPEST AXP BEST HI AMXBIcIH
»-»' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the united States or Canada one year for 51- 50.
postage free. - * .
HOKSE>.
JXR AUGHT HORSES FOB SALE OR EX-
XJ change. Apply at 33 California st.
For SALE-FINE riding and driving
horse, also stvliafa saddle hone. Address W..
b«7. Call Office, Oakland.
H°i R B !f £™n WAGON; - CHEAP. inquire
1819 Powcl: s;.
STRONG DELIVERY HORSE IN GOOD COX-
ditioa; a bargain. 159 Second si.
IE: BOLD HARNESS COMPaNY: 500 SETS
of good harness, oar cm mate, of every de-
scription, for 1> ss money than yon can buy Ea-tera
trash : sand for catalogue. ■ 110 McAllister su. S. F.
1 'SO SEr * NEW AND ."sfCOXUHANDHAR-
X*J\J ness, all kinds; wagons, osgzies, sum..—.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. II'JS Mission si
SKT SEVr AND SECOND-HAND Haß-
wuv ness: ell kinds: bug^y.wagon, cans, sarrey
<$ rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15ih aad Valencia.
40 HORSES >v<:: SALT: ALSO WAGONS.
"3 V/ burdes, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 3.'7 Six J» si; auction sales every NVedaar
«tay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. AncUoaeers. .
HOR^£> PASTURED: <t>- " rv»K CIRCC-
"- Th».Hvil^ lUnrh. tisn ' A-n^Arclal St.
■ AtiOXj A.VU . . CAKIUAti_S.
TOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES. FINE
* c *" rIa ?*» of every description; cash, notes or
installments. Carvltt Mfg Co, ±6-1$ Sth si., S. F.
OLIUHTLV tHiILKD DRIVING GLOVK.H;'
0 sampi". H. M. HEIXEMA.v. 109 Sansome St.
V" B W AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
* JZ~- niUk * nd srocery wagons: also rockaway
and Jan* baggies. ,frSS Harrison sU
__ ...'.'.; ; /-»>-> TAsTS.
: O ROOM E DENTAL ASSoXHaVi'oX^ 769 MAB-
V. kiftst.. b«t. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
only re.lah.e a««n: for pai:tle>s extraction: artill-
cia: teeth from *5; fillings from »1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $!.■■.. : . .
■piRST-CLAS-S DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
•x Prices; first^iast results: painless extraction
??Tv-t? lh -. T * 1 ooa< » Main &575. W. C. UA&-
DINy- i.M^M.D.. 500 Satter su. corner PowelL
1 )K. Lt DLI'M HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
■*^ near Eleventh: do charite lor extracting wh»«
P* 1 * 8 *«• made: aid pl»:«» made over like new;
! «**ta from $3 p« fxtracting 50c; gas given.
TVi- GttOß W. LEEK. IriK~G~KN L INK
1 -*-' Leek dentist, d »ivy. r-r of painless extraction
ana patent** of Improved brhice work or teeth
without any pU:e. raovgd from 6 to 20cyFarTellsu
Vt'LL SiiT OF. IEKTH. *7: . WARRAXTED
X tivo yesirs; extraction. SU-. : fillings, 50c;
; crowns, $3 &U. , Chicago Dental Parlors," '-'•» Sixth.
R. U-1; VRAXS- KXTHACTION PAINLESS,
•*-* crown work, kxifiee work and teeth withoa;
jpiaM* a specially. 10S «.;**rv St.. cor. Gram ays.
• 7 A >KT>XiK TKKTK: WARRANTED AS
C • good as e«n be wade; tilling *1. Dr. SIMM.3,
CeoU». tap .Mar »U next Baldwin Theater.
PI lON. BOc; . CROWN
hlMc* work a ttx>ctaity: plates. $5 up: 13 rear*
»xpw«»ac*. K. L. au>!l. D.U.S.. 815»^ Oeary.
Dtl» i«U«Kt:Yr, HO* VO^T X EAR bu-
i I ' c-j*a»a; raa j-»vun: crown and bridge worK.
\ l«U WURK RKASONABLK AND WAB-
I— V routed, PR. J. W« KEY, 1133 Market st.
VXKTKKTU WtTHOVr.AI-i-ATK.-UK. U.
IQ U \ Ul'.NtV ->U IVIK »U .--•-.
I H>Vt\>N I>KNYAU ASSOCIATION. MAU<
;\AHM. itR. v ii v:; XV. UKCKKR
Hit. ii I XXX. MARKkr.~CO&aOU>_S(
I •XJ uu« «v*.— ov<o «Y«alass; 6unday« till uoaa.worsK^ t<» i.f.t.
90 BrNCON~~PI.ACK, IUNCON " lULIToFK
*-O Harrison st., between First and Hocond-lUif
of sunny house; flrvpU©e« Iv parlor,; view of
bay. .  , 4 .
mSCTTER ST., SCAB TAYLOR- V»aV
I 1 X choice; elegant; spacious; roaaonablo. ,
A PPRF.CIATF.D .IF SKKN; CIIUICK 1 FOU
A doctor ordrcasmnker. 829^ Gutter., nr. Jones,
mo LET-NICELY FUHNISHKO HOUSK FOR
X small family for three months: p'.en-mnt loca-
tlon. Call or write room SO, Tih iioor. Mills boliitnT
HOUSE OF « ROOMS AND BATU;"IU2VT
winced. 1034 McAllister su ""•'"' uiL * l
1 2 fttbif HOt OK S ROOMS AND LAROK
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUt>B,33t»2TWENT\^
first street, cor. Gaerr«ro. suitable for board-
Ing or private residence; very low rent. be<> lv
HOUSE-A MICK' HOUSK AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN i HAMMOND^ 10
Montgomery su
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
-"*• WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
rVKXISHKI) 'HOUSES;
ICELY FURNISHF-DHOUSE^oi^nboMS
and bath; large basement; garden, chicken-
house, etc.: rent reasonable to right party. ;io
Dearborn St., off Seventeenth, beu Valencia aud
Guerrero.- - - . • .- . . .
mo LET-PARTLY FURNISHED COTTAGE
X north of Market st. Address Cottage, box 53,
COTTAviKS TO LKT. ~
pOTTAGE, 4ASS f »OOM«; BATH; iftAKIV
\J ment and yard. Cor. Dolores and Fifteenth st*.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS. 1217 PACIFIC ST."
\J beu Jones and Leaven worth.
rpOLET— COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND LARGE
1 yard. 2300 Polk st.
<^R fSO 3 BOOMS. 18 PROSPECT AYE.",
t*O.Q\J. bet. 27th and 28th sts.. near Mission.
1 OVELY MODERN 6-ROOM MTNSY COT-
J^tag": rent 915. 4392 Seventeenth si., above
Douglass. ■ , •
COTT AGE 3 ROOMS AND STABLE; REAR.
\J '/939 Mission st-l - . -
~~ FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISH ED HOUSE 4 ROO^is7»l4rw
free. 75 Federal su.off 2d,beußrrant A Brannan.
FLATS 1O L*,T. ~ ~
t 735 Capp St., beu Mission. Howard, Twenty |
secondhand Twenty-third, contain 6 and 7 rooms,
bath, mantle, fireplaces, separate yards, etc.; rent '
?'2O and $22 50; water free: key cor. Twenty- I
third st Apply O'FARRhLL A CO.. 11 Mont gy.
Q*l- 1713 McALLISTEK.NR. BRODERICK. |
0 ~<J. 7 rooms and bath. ASH lON <t GARDI-
NER, 411 Montgomery su
Q1 X 10 DKHON ST.. BET. SIXTEENTH
0 i-O. aud Seventeenth, Church and Sancher—
Upper, sunny flat; 6 rooms: bath; yard: modern.
"V; ICE UPPEB FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
XV bath; large yard and basement. 4581 Eigh-
teenth st. ,
I^LATS TO LET— BOI UNION, 3 ROOMS, 912;
25 Minna, 4 rooms, 911; loin; Lobos aye., new
7 rooms and bath. $18.
1 /ll X DbVISADERO, NEAR GEARY—
-1 *1" ny upper flat: 7 rooms and bath.
YEW SUNNY UIMKR FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND
li bath. 51 Sooth Park. .
1 91 SHERIDAN— W. UPPER FLAT, FOUR
XO2 large rooms; hall; nearly new; 915. Key
at premises. ; - :
QQ SUNNY, UPPER FLAT: 3 ROOMS. 1320
C " • Jessie 5... b?t. Hermann and Ridley. .
' <O AND 544 SANCHEZ, NEAR NINE-
Ua:Zi teenth— 4 rooms.. bath each: good as new.
IQI A UNION ST.— FLAT 5 ROOMS AND
Xt/XT: bath; $14. Apply at frultstore, 1933
Union sU -
UNNY MODERN FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH;
O cheap. 2105V 3 LarUn st.
C«"|£* FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
tJIU. Post st.. ne»r Polk. . '■ ..
£1 C GEARY— LOWER FLAT; FINE CONDI-
Old tlon; 6 rooms, bath: all light and sunny
four large extra closets in hall.
k9A FOLSOM— LOWER FLAT OF 4 BOOMS.
9 NEW SUNNY MODERN FLATS— 92S GOLD-
— . en Gate aye., 923; 1421^ Hayes St., 918.
Ql9 COZY UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. 716%
O-L— • Tehama St.. near Eighth.
(s*l-1 UPPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 27
OXX . Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
S-ROOM FLAT, CORNER jdcALLISTER AND
Polk sts.
7 fit ' POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
lUO flats; garden, bath: 913 and 916.
1 P»9Q FIFTEENTH— NEW UPPER FLAT;
lu^i/6 room and bat
7 ONLY— 6 KOOM:S, BATH: ALL MOD-
CJ ' crn; charming view; 21 Alpine st-, near
Haleht and Baker. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. ■__ _^
L'NNY' UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS; BATH. 5
0 Julian aye., off Fourteenth, near Mission. -. '
OAA COTTAGES. HOUSKB AND FLATS:
Z.\J\J W^stera Addition; 912 up. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market su . .
<2»99 rf\ MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 6
(J-^.uU. rooms ar.d bath. 2319 a Pine sU
SUNNY FLAT— 3 ROOMS, $12: 511 SECOND
St.; water free; key 515 Second st.
©1 '_> SUNNY FLAT OF 4 LARGE BOOMS.
<JXO. 728 f6 McAllister st.
O*(i LOWER FLAT. 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 267
tip «7. Dore su, off Harrison.
HOWARD COURT, OFF FOURTH ST.— 5
rooms; water free; rent $14
OV.KK BAY-WIND )W FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
J yard. 3UVg Moss, off Howard, bet. 6th and 7th.
C<Q 3 R' UM.-: SUNNY UPPER FLATS
O'-"» 1316 aad 1318 Jessie st., near Hermann.
Cji C ELfcGANT MODERN nUNNY FLATS;
ijilO. 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose avft.nr. 24th.
TVTKW FLATS; 3744 AND 3744% TWENTY-
Xi second St., near Noe: 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $16 and 918. Apply to EA&TON, EL-
DKIDGK A CO., 638 Market st.
Ql ;r 5 LAKGK SUNNY ROOMS: BATH,
tjplt). gas and large planked yard. 3930 Nine-
teenth St., bet. Noe and Sanchez. '
v 9 BROADWAY — FLAT 4 LARGE
— Z. rooms: rent sl4. . -■.-:...;.
T/'LAT; 6 ROOMS: BATH; GOOD MARINE
X view. 2106 Leavenworth jU, beu Filbert and
Greenwich. . . • . .-.---. . . ■ - • •
C/|9 GROVE. NEAR FILLMORE— LOWER
C ~i— fiat 6 sunny modern rooms elegantly pa-
pered; bath; basement; yard; 925. ■
Ir»LAT— A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & .HAMMOND, IU Mont-
gomery su
Q-| (> WATER FREE; • LOVE I,Y UPPER
tj'xU. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Cas:rocars. 4073 Twenty-third st.; key 4075. ,
ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush su, beu FrankUn and Uoucb: - rent, In-
cluding water, 942 50 :
YEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i-> water free. 629 Ivy aye. .- ■ : ' . . ■ .
L'LF.GANT NKW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BK-
JL low Brvanu 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to 916.
pHFAPEST AND BEST. IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United Slates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ace tree. . r • ■ ,- ■■ . ■
IiOUSEKEEPIMU KOOlli.
Bryant Street.
m BRYANT. NR. THIRD-NICE SUNNY
till suite; $9 per month.
Clementina Street.
ACZI CLEMENTINA- ONE UNFURNISHED
trD I room for housekeeping. ,
x.ilitr Street.
m' EDDY- N ICELY iTXj RNISHED HOUSE-
ki-pping rooms: also sunny front rooms. .
U 1 C EDDY —3. UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
' OXO ras; range: tine location; private family;
reference. - . - •
Elgin Park.
,17 ELGIN PARK, OFF RIDLEY— FUB-
"1 i ' nlsbed housekeeping rooms: bath: gas.
i^>4.is - : !«•«..
09 ELLIS — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OZ.O parlor suite: housekeeping rooms: first floor.
QQQ ELLIS, jfi VAN NESS— SUNNY.
Out/ rooms suitable for man and -wife or two
ladles; rent reasonable; references exchanged.
; .' r jfth .street.
Ql A FIFTH — 2 BUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
Ol'l kpg rooms: stove; closet; bath: private; $9.
O9' FIFTH— CLKAN FURNISHED uOUS&
OZO keeping; 2,910: $13: single, $5. .
ioUom Strew:.
700 FOLSOM— 2 NICE SUNNY BOOMS FOB
I OZi light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
11 A A FOLSOM— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
IlUy furnished complete for housekeeping,
cheap.'. . . ■ . ' . ■" - "'..-'-■•,
Ceury Si • eet.
91 71 GEARY- THREE HOUSEKEEPING
12 rooms: rent reasonable; key 217.
>>--.-; Glen Park Avenue. "" . '
5 GLEN PARK AVE~"oFF TWELFTH— B UN-
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms: closets.
«. uiueu bail AvMUiie;
'-AIR GOLDEN GATE AYE.-2 PLEASANT,
ttlU nicely furnished housekeeping rooms. ■. .'
■ Guerrero Street.' "'
1 9AI GUERRERO. CR. TWENTY FOURTH,
1 .- v 1 fine large corner bay-window room, with
dining-room and kitchen: 2 crates: use of bath:
. hot w<iter; completely furnished for housekeeping;
very reasonable. ~ " s »: '-."■■'- j
liPJ^KKKriyo kg - Continued.
'"*>mrd stroet. — *— ~-
n^O " OWARn -SCNNYFBOXT ROOM AND
"Y." kiicnen: furnlnheJ for UooMkeeplns, "
7(J ! I i V l V £, Ul> I KAY- WIN DOW SUITE,
reasonabro kltchea; others double and single;
reason aoio.
1 .i'\<S ""WAllD— UNFURNISHED FRONT
X .1.-U room ami kitchcu: *7.
1 fSfSII JIOWARD-HOUSEKKKPING ROOMS
I % '* n> In private family: rent reasonable.
9490 IUI)WAUD - 4 OH 5 SUNNY ROOMS;
,77 > ' uinlH| »'il honsekufplng; tloe location;
aloe house ; garden ; $'J5.
Jessie street.
476 22?J5r f ■•BUNJJY- FRONT BOOMS,
Jl " neatly furnished for housekeeping.
"««»« roei,
43H i?K S^ E * NKAR MINT A VK.-2 FUR-
cheap! niBhed «unny housekeeping rooms; single;
Kearny Street. ,
235 KKAKNV ' CORNER BUSH-2 SUITES;
**"" small kitchen; everything complete.
Lagun» Street.
( )00 LA()UN *' COR. MCALLISTKR-SUNNY
y\j\j housekeeping roomn; gas stove.
i.ui-i;iu Stroo;.
A Oq LARKIN— NEATLY FURNISHED BAY-
JU|J window housekfcplng rooms.
Till LARKING NEAR CALIFORNIA— A
•*■ *-»X sunny front parlor, suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen or dressmaker: terms reasonable.
04.0Q LARKIN— -i OR 3 NICE FURNISHED
*~^ tOt . / rooms for housekeeping.
. Leaveunurih street. .
"I ft"] LEAVE NWO.ATH— 8 UNFURNIBUED
■i-\JXtJ rooms with bath for housekeeping: $10.
Market Street.
"I Q"l 9 MARKET (VAN NESS HOUSE)—
•l-vjl-"' Suite unfurnished rooms: lltrht housekpg.
XnAltlSlfll street.
99QA MCALLISTER — 3 UNFURNISHED j
■^■*"O rooms, private family; references. . ■
j. Hun - iron,..
r. t(> MINNA— FURNISHED BOOMS, COM-
U"±U pit- for housekeeping: large yard. .". .
J>. .»)l|ll . . CO..
QO7. MISSION— ROOM FOB HOUSE-
-00 I keeping: $8. ♦
Q4.7 FURNISHED BOOMS, COM-
i/rt I plete for housekeeping.
•1 999 MISSION— 2 OR 8 ROOMS: FURNISH.-'
Ji.^j£i£i ed complete for housekeeping. .
-Naioinii Street. .
dgQ 910— SUITES OF 3 HOUSEKEEPING
<P«/« looms; yard. oellar. 100S Natoma, nr. 11th.
Isiutli Street.
9A NINTH. NEAR MARKET— FRONT SUITE
+*yj for housekeeping: also single; grate; gas.
9] NINTH— LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM
-^X for light housekeeping ; also others.
Pine Street.
9QI A PINE— ONE OR TWO SUNNY BOOMS; l
4OL'± use of kitchen: bath: laundry-
i"oik Streec.
"I 91 Q POLK— FURXISHED OB UNFUR-
1-lt/ nlshed housekeeping rooms; also single.
Second street. ■
499 SECOND— SUIT ISUNNY HOUSEKEEP- '
"I— -- ing rooms furnlshtd; other rooms, $4 up;
bath and laundry. . '
Scott Street.
1I O SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS;
I 1 ♦) bath; alcove; partly furnished for house-
keeping. .- - ;
1 fcl A. SCOTT— 3 OR 4 BUNNY ROOMS; UN-
IUIt furnished; bath; garden, etc. Call r. v.
. » nir.i sne»i.
009 THIRD — 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
«->vJ*. nlshed complete for housekeeping: $2 week.
Van >i>» Avenue.
I r VAN NESS AYE.— NICE SUNNY HOUSE-
XrJ keeping rooms; also others. ■ • ■ ■
OOA VAN NEWS AYE.— NICELY FURNISH-
O£i\J ed rooms lor housekeeping.
> Wubhiiißtoa street.
CA9 WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\JJJ ed housekeeping rooms: running water.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ■
— — — _— -_O_— ___
Basil Mree:.
CIO BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS. i
UIO 1 with 2 beds: cheap. ■ .
California street.
1 A 9£ A CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED
li-u rooms for gentlemen; $6 and 99; lower
flat: reference. • . . -. ■.
■ KdUy Street.
II Q EDDY— BRIGHT BUNNY BOOMS 98
110 up; also front suite cheap.
•*-.*,iitli Ml'u«;.
QHEBMAH APARTMENT HOUMS. 7* BTH
0 su. near Market: furnished and unfurnished. '
•1 HSJP Street. ,;r; ";. ;
» VANDELL, 120 ELLIS— SUNNY BTrrTES,
I\. $4 week up; single rooms, double beds, $2 up;
bath free.
rpUK KAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATK 9.
X HART, manager— A <jniet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cold water.
q9J ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O^X lodging we recommend the Hosedale House.
1 oltom .Street.
7q X FOLSOM— LA RGE SUNNY FURNISHED
1 DO front room, suitable for one or two; $6,
btkryMrout.
AQQ. OKAKY — CORNER SUNNY SUITE;
TrOO first floor: bay-window single rooms; an-
nex 502 Taylor St., large suite for physician or
dentist. MRS. E. A. He .PKINS. j
T^HK MARTINET HAS. CHANGED HANDS:
1 handsomely furnished suites: single rooms: $10
month up. liOl Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Oolut'U Ottif Avenue.
91 ft GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICE FUBNISH
i.lO ed sunny front rooms. • ■ ,
Oougn 'Street.
OUGH. NB. LARGE SUNNY FRONT
VJT alcove rcom. and large room connecting;, fur-
nished or unfurnished; board optional; private
family. Address Reasonable, box 99, Call Office.
"Grant Avenue.
91 Q GRANT AYE. — 3 SUNNY ROOMS,
<jIO suitable for dressmaker, 920. . - \
t>rove Street.
1 A?: OBOVE— NICELY FUBNIBHED LABGE
X \JO front room ; rent $7. _• .' ■. ,'
Harrison Street.
Al HARBIBON— HOUSEKEEPING- BM8.;
II I bedroom, kitchen; 97,98, $10 per month.
Howard Street.
r Q£l HOWARD — FURNISHED SINGLE
•JOD2 room; neat and cleau : 93 per month. '
"VTEWPORT HOUSE,. 1113% HOWARD ST.,
XV near Seventh— Sunny furnished rooms, from
91' 26 : a week up; housekeeping from $2 up;
transient. • • -■ " '- . •?-■'.•-■'...
-1 91 71 HOWARD — LARGE | ROOM, SUIT-
X^jX, % a able for 1 or 2 men; gas; bath; private,
1 One* HOWARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH—
IOUO 3 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms; $8.
. Jones Street.
OA7 .'ONEB-THL VAN ? WINKLK: NKW
J~\J I management: elegant mnnr suites and
tingle; newly iumlthed; tiatrt, etc; SIU to «SH.
- i.turnr Mrao.. .
ARLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
j\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
- . Larkin street. "
Q(\A LARKIN — LARGE '..' SUNNY ROOMS, •
Out nicely furnished, $7 and 95, for light house-
keeplng. ' ■ ' -■ . : ■ •
Q1 A LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OX*± ny parlors; also alcove room: use of bath.
■I aa/< KIN— SUNNY FURNISHED PAR-
xUUU lor floor of 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
gas; bath. r " .
1 )f\fi LARIcIN*— LARGE = SUNNY- FUR-
xZAtxJ nished front room, 97; single, $4 and 95.
- i.tiiven worth ft tveot. ;
CAT LEAVEN WORTH, COB. O'FARBRLL—
Ol'i Fine large corner, sunny rooms; ■ running
water; grate; very reasonable.
Liberty. Street.
• .' ■.*■■.-.-. ' .'■.:■•■ J ■ :-•• -s . : ; .- ".. ".. .
FINELY FURNISHED BOOMS TO GENTLE-
men In private American family; * breakfast if
desired. '. 3 Liberty St., corner Valencia. : \:
." .I**l lie .»>>•.. .',':.-'
VOBEMITR HOUBF-. 104S MARKET- PER
1 niffht. 36c to $1 : week. 91 50 to 95: families. .
»1 Qlf\ MARKET— SUNN V FRONT OFFICES:
IOIU first landing: new, modern brick.' : .
. Martha Place. ~
6MABTIIA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET.
Msson and Taylor— Large sunny rooms for 1 or
2; $7. ' .-• -^ --.">■■•.-■'■•• ■■■-. ■'.- v-vi -■ ■ .
* ' - Mason 'Street. ■
QOC MASON— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE;,
OZD with ba ,u; kultabie for lor 2 gentlemen. -■.
THESAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1896.
ROOMS TO ; LET-CoiiUnuoa. ■
AlcAllistor Street.
OOf»A MCALLISTER OPP. CITY HALL—
*j£j\j Sunny furnished rooms; $8 and $10; pri-
vate family. . .
u'ittrrell stiootl
91 A O'FABRELLr-ELKGANTLY FUBNISH-
■"■'■" fd parlors: gas: bath. '
49PL O'FAKRELL ST.— NEWLY FURNISH-
*■'-*-' eel rooms, suite or single; terms reasonable.;
l'iiio street.
fiOH I>INE ST - — TO-LET — NICK SUNNY
\J\J\J front room. ■ . ..,
Bass Street.
6 BUSS, OFF HOWARD-FURNISHED BOOM;
0 bath; $7: no "to let, sign oou .. - . .',
MXth ■ .Street.
1 9"1 SIXTH —CHEAPEST SINGLE AND
X*Jl double rooms in city.
tuner tree:.
Q(\Q, UTTER— FURNISHED ROOMS OR
, .9 suites. 91 25 to $10 a week: nlebt, 25c to
9150; transients solicited. ...-■■-
AHA s STTEB-HUNNy FRONT SUITi-.FUR-
c»V|U nUbed or ' unfurnished ; also single, fur-
nished. -  . . . ■
'T'iiO SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
» "«J newly furnished gunny ran.: suite or single.
\ 79f* SUTTKR-8 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS IN
T S! P rtv »te family; gents only; references re-
Quired.
1111 SUTTER ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
■*■ ■*• X ■*- rooms, en suite or single; reasonable. ' ■
"I 14 Q butter; COR.- polk — NICEST
* 11 rooms : lowest price; light housekeeping;
traveling public accommodated.
Tenth Street.
AQA TKNTH-4 BOOMS; LOW KENT; NO
ttOrt children.
'an Ness Avenue.
mVAN NESS— NEATLY FURNISHED
J_y~ sunny front: all conveniences: 98; no sign.
HOARDING . AND KOOMS. .
(i i } r 7 EDDY ST.— SUNNY FU^nTsH^D^OOM
\J^i I with good board, suitable tor two gentle-
men; terms 915. , ■
SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM WITH BOARD;
man and wife or 2 genu. 1020 Mission st.
9 O A X FULTON — ADULTS CAN FIND A
*--. \J'J home, near Golden Gate Park, on August
12; nice bouse; good country fare, with first-class
family; tine view; call and get terms; 16 minutes.'
to Kearny st. by cable; McAllister cars pass door.
19 I Q GEARY — FURNISHED ALCOVE
lil t 7 room, with board, and other rooms;
reasonable. . ,
UNNY FURNISHED ROOM IN PRIVATE
0 family, with use of bath, for lor 2 ladles: with
or without board. 3481 Seventeenth, nr. Guerrero.
£( 1 0 SECOND— WOULD BOARD 2 YOUNG
OV'O men or man and wife: every convenience.
71A GEARY— NICKLY FURNISHKD SUNNY
I i\J room* with board; terms reasonable.
ljn ;: \' VAN NESS aye.— alcove room
■LTiyjiJ with board; private family; references.
HOTKL BEKTLINU. 714 iililSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required; all mod-
n convf nl>n<-p<
CHILOI4EN UOAKDKO.
pHIn^R^ENnBoTR^EDTPR IVA T^PfamTlY
\J in country: school nearby; 910 a month. MRS.
L. ISAAC, Dimond Postotlice, Upper Fruitvale,
Alameda County.
I CHILD; TERMS MODERATE. 4025
J- Twenty-fifth st. - ■ .
LADY WITH GIRL OF 15 WISHES 1 OB 2
children to board. 321 Cumberland st.
PLEASANT HOME AT " 1727 MCALLISTER
J- a', fnrphllil: good care: terms molPrate.
STOKKs TO LET.
T^R^T3^JNl{Y~^OOM^r3rE^rß^C^Ooin
large cyclery. Twenty-third and Folsom sts.;
I boulevard.
TURK AND 3 LIVING-ROOMS-RENT $15
326 Ninth st.
XAA NINTH-CORNER sTO.fi.; GOOD FIX-
O\J\J tures and rooms; stable: cheap.
AROE BASEMENT TO LET CHEAP. COR-
ner First and Market sts.
TORE COR. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; lit for any business,
cheap renu ■ ■ , ■
OPJUGIM TO LET.
j29L?'~S^T^ r KR7~NTr'j~^
O-Jt/ 2 offices and residence combined; reason-
able.
9«_> KBAP.NY— FINE FURNISHED ROOMS
■~.0 ana ollicgs to let; qoie; house.
OX A MARKET, CO 1U STOCKTON—
V<J\J room. 8 large windows, suitable for archi-
tect or artist: other oflic<-s: rent cheap. '
ESK ROOM TO LET in a PLEASANT
sunny otnce in Crocker building for 916 per
month with free services of a competent sten-
ographer. Ad. BILLINGTON. box 64, this office.
9fJ O'FARRKLL-LAROE, SUNNY OFFICES;
£*\J electric lights; elevator and Janitor services.
1 1 Q KDDY— FINKBUITE; GROUND FLOOR;
XXO oflicen for doctor or 1! on list.
SPR>:CKELS BUILDING, 927 MA RKKT -
0 F-legant snnnv offices. 912 50 tip: electrio-llcht:
beating and i«.nilor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBBKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
BICYCLES.
IGH?H\k\v~lB96 W^l?eTs7^s3s^CAsls
each. 113 Battery gt.
EN HUR TANDEM. ALMOST NEW- TRIO-
x> une. $50; Cleveland, 940; Rambler. 940; Ben
Hur, ladles', $50. DAVIS BROS., 26 Geary su
."VroSKMITE TANDEM ALMOST NEW. $85 1
X bicycle* less than cost. W. CRANE, 3*4 Posu
T WINFIKLD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
v . Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
I..AKGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
li single wheels. 306 Post st. «*««
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO i^KtT
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, M<>
Ail later and Powell at. . ar lines. '
kOli feALK-MAsCKLLASjeOUii.
/\NKOBTWO^OBSEPACIFICOAB"o'RbAB"
X ollne engines: second hand Al order. Address
W. P. G, box 107, Call Office.
MILK ROUTE COMPLETE; 51 GALLONS
daily ; 2 horses, wagon, etc. 421 Eighth aye.,
Point Lobos. ■ -
1/OR SALE— THOROUGH HRED COCKER
X spaniel pup. 295 Parker aye., off Point Lobos,
RRIVED TO-DAY-YOUNU COW 4 D\YS
calved: gentle for family. 1312 Folsom st.
© I HO BUILDING ON LEASED LOT: SUIT-
€ )IUW ' able for grocery. W. CRANE, 324 Post.
2 SMALL ALASKA BEARS FOR SALK. AP-
ply schooner Norma, Channel St., bet. 4th A 6th.
V OR SALE— AN ARK, 26x16 FEET. APPLY
x 807 Bryant.
II BENCH DOUBLE-ACTION ERARD HARP :
price 9400. Warehouse, 722 Mission sU
VIVE- HORSE POWKR -GAS EN GINK '
r BROWNING &>j3BEMEB's guns tore. S2O
Kearny st.
T^O. 1 WINDMILL: 4000-GALLON TANK-
i-l first-class brass pump; galvanized pipes. Ad-
dress EDWARD McGKE, 2212 Magnolia st. Oak-
laud. .
ARS, , SHOWCASES, CODNTKRB, RHELV-
X» ing, etc, bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITER."
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 310 Cai.
GOOD BECOND-HAND~BofLER; ALSO LOT
J ,«P,V 11 /. Bnftftin K. etc W. L. SANFOBD,
415 Washington st. -.. - . . -. '
OILERS, EN IN KS.2D-HAND MACHINERY"
XJ waterpipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 BeaK
L>UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVK
J-» them repaired: separate parts«o!d and sblDDed.
San Francisco Baby Carnage MTg. Co.. 44.' Sixth.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE-2-H.P.: PEKFB:cf
-i. order; i Adams p.-tg presses: power. 616 Mission
("AOUNTKttS, SHELVING, bUOWCA.-K3
\J bought ani sold. 112 ly a Market.bet. 7th<fttsi!».
'■1, , UILDINUM BOUGHT: LUMBER, SAdHi-^
1 ' doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale 1166 Mission.
(V* si <Aa UKItLUM **]> la bub ft.l/ 5 8
v^ hi* and burglar proof ante. ,103. 11l Market v..
X^lHti AND JBURULAR SnAF*, LKTTKkt-'
X press, platform scales and dt-sk : cheap. 102 Clar.
IVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN JSKCONO-'
XV hand. W. H. RA V Mi; Co., 12 California*.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
■VTEW. FAMILY BINOKKS FOR BKNT.^f 60
1\ per month: V. S. Singers, 92. 1559 Market.
A LI, KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
-TV reined, repaired; lowest rnt«»<. VO5 Fourth su,
LAM»X. ,■;..
T~O(?f-A?AS nS6Ijk^%A^fH~T7rET«BTRvrA
X J Savings and Loan Society of s» u Francisco, In
the name of HAM OKA or KATIE O'BRIEN, No
164-1265. The tinder will please return to bank.
TOST- SMALL FEATHER BOA FROM
J Unlon-su cars, from Lacuna st. to Kearny
Finder please return to Call office and - receive re^
ward. , . , ' . ■ . ■
I OST-UENTLEMAN'S SOLITAIRE DIX
J .J mond ring. Finder return >to room 11 fifth
floor, MIIU Bonding, and receive suitable reward.
'.fflj-I BEWARD-tOST-3 KEYS ON STEFT
*ipx ring; iron, bra^s, Yale. I Please leave at 313
Montgomery at.. W. K. MILKS " < 5." ai ''
PiiUFISSSIOXAL CAItJDi.
BANK SHAY, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.' ROOM
421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
ILIA '.DKEDM.'' ETC. L. SON T,\G, ATTY
and Notary. 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
OHN K. HICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
O'.'Ji and 27, Crocker ; building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, CaU ;-'- . ,
1 OHN U. AITKEN AND MAURICK U ABHER.
0 attys at Jaw, nus 515, 5 18, 6ih floor, Parrott bidg.
rERRONAtV;: .-
riIHK FAMILY OF WILHeTmTnE HENNIG
-I wish to extend . thanks to their friends and to
Focabontits Lodge Na 4, I- O. R. Is,, for the Kind-
ness shown at the funerni of their mother. ■ -
JULU Sand OTTO HENNIG and WM. ISEKT.
YOI'SGMAH OF 30, GERMAN, WIsHK*TtO
A correspond with young lady, object matrimony.
Address J. M. D., box 100, Call ufflce.
TuTIS CHILDREN'S CLASS- AT KINMAN'S
School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st., will open tor
the season Saturday at ernoon, August. 1; the
Juvenile class at the branch , academy; will - open
Saturday morning. August 8. '
MOST RELIABLE . MARRIAGE BUREAU
for ladies and gentlemen; - fee >26c • Call on
MRS. AhNDT, 4 Twelith si., cor. Market. ' ■
IDSUMMEB SALE OF STYLISH TRIMMED
hats at $1 each, this week only. MRS. S. R.
HALL, Baldwin Milliner-, 938 Market st. -y; :-:. :
RS. SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLjRS.
865% Market at., room 12.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL, FULL
course six weeks; competent graduates uuarnu-
teed positions; class forming.' 8 Golden Gate aye.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private: nocharge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, a5O Market st.
EOAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity: advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFKRE6S, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
\\r ATCH& JEWELRY REPAIRING. STONE
'» engraving, mono :rams,cresu : low prices;work
guaranteed. J. X. BRITTAI.v, 20 Geary st.
r ELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
ECORDS OR CHARTS AT :6c EACH: MA-
X\» sonic, Odd Fellows, Red Men, Knights of
Pythias; framed cheaply; also lot of - good ■ oil '
paintings, a bargain. JONES, 647 Mission st.
T?OR PARTIES, FOX DANCES AND BALLS,
-I for theaters, coiffures of all kinds for only 25c,
done by the best artists In the city, at G. LEDKR-
ERS', ill Stockton St.; "Uuiuonia," i; cures all
scalp troubles. ■- • -_ . :
ONSUMPTION TREATED; NKW METHOD.
Pit. AMERICAN, 88^4 Geary st.; 12 to 2 :SO.
WOMEN'S EL KCTKIO SANITARIUM,
'» rooms 53 Maze building— New and scientific
methods for promoting heai.h, beauty. Con, free.
DARTING'TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Clauses: instructors, J. H. E. Partlnirton, Gertrude
Partington, R. L. I'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 1-6 Kearny st., room 47. 1
1G OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW KVS-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bun-
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
Jr\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
cress - goods, - cloaks, Jewelry, at M. BOTH*
tH ILD'S, 213-216 Mason st- : open evenings.
LECTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
.Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, 915 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,! 117 Market St., bet 7th and KAi.
PAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V; FINE
J.ledgeputonrazor,2sc. Razor ExchKe,63oMarket
•T IBEUAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JtiVf-
J-i frlrv, etc.: lowest rates. 94S Market m.
WTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' lIAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.'
OtiD GOLD. SILVER. CENTS' AND LADIK.S 1
clotblnc bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AiIERICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
age free. -..--....■
DIttsSMAKEKS.
TtSrESSE^^ UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENrSUP:
AJ lawn $1 op. 505% Natoma gt.. above Sixth.
CLAIUVOVANTS.
UCCKSS ABsOLUrELY 1 CAR ANT b~
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAB-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cores bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families Ion? ■ separated reunited by his effort*:
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy at.
Hours trom 9to 9 daily ana Sundays. . , .
pITANA THE GYPSY. : ~
VJT This remarkable woman has Just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mrstery of human fate: she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: sue reunite* the separated ;
causes speedy and happy marriage with ths one
of your cnoice; lucky numbers given. 8 Turk su
VI ME. STKWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
-I*l or the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your, future
husband or wife; the greatest trance "clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast: teat her powers ere
she Balls for Europe: she guarantees to bring back
lost love; make* peace and happiness In the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Mu-ket st. Ladles and gents SUo
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Room* 44-45, 309
Stockton st, : elevator. ■ - • .'.- ;
MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, c»rd- reader, born with a don ole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c gents 91; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su. nr. Jone.v
ETURNEU. WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells pas:,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
Mh. A KNOT. BEST FORTUNE- TKLL.KR IX
the world; 60c and $1, shows you the picture
your mmr* husband or wif*. 4 Twelfth. cor.Markei
YPSY LIFK-READKK, MOVED FROM 5
seven to 11 Stockton; ladles gents 60c.
MMX. MOI'.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
■I' l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. KAVh.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice : names given :25c up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY MEDIUM RETURNED! SITTINGS
dally; 25c up. 240 Sixth st., rooms 6 and 7.
ME. RAYMOND. CLAIRVOYANT, CARD-
reader and magnetlst. 1158 Market, room 1.
55! KNIGHT. :CLAIKVOYANT, CARD
reader: fee 50c : ladies only. 714 Leavenworth.
ME. .-KOKTTK— PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ISM M. ulan a ROLLINS, MKNTALMAG-
netic healer; test medium. 850 Market, r. 80-31
ISS BEATRICE BLANCHE, CARD-READ-
■ er. late from Guatemala. 105 Larkin st., r. 2.
ME. BYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
'grave; ladles, 25c; gents, 60c. 914 O'Farrcll.
KBT CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH: FEE
J) 25c. . 41 Minna St., near Second; basement.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THI»
-^V. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
™~ : . . bPIIUiIALiSM.
VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG, WOMEN 13
MBS. DR. A. D.' HOWE.
FEE 91 & UPWARD! FEE $1 <t UPWARD!
HOPK, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? ' Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, Rick or "down"? If so
read this a"nd learn that life is yet worth llvinc!
MHa DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on Ibis roast In the ten years past. Is
again at her old office 1320 Market ntreet, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless; tne
separated are united: the sick made strong: the
poor come rich: If yon think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal?
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
bleb above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed-
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
matter of bow ions standing.- Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall 1% always most suc-
cessful and satHfac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases alagnosed from a lock of hair. '
FEE 91 & UPWARD! KEF. $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWK,
1820 Market st., odd. Seventh. :
San Francisco.
PROFESSOR MINGOS MEETING, 1183 MIS-
-1 sion St.— Lecture and test; subject of lecture,
"What Foundation Is There In the Bible for the
Belief; in . Spiritualism?" 1133 MUslon st.,
8:30 P. m. ", -..•--■•
QO/' MCALLISTER— LADIES' AID SOCIAL
OZiU to-night: good programme; dancing: ice-
cream and cake, 10 cents. Come and help ! the
cause. AdnatMlon, 10 cents. ■ -
IpRIENDSHIP-HALL, 326 MCALLISTER—
X 1 Mrs. Meyers, Friday, 2 p. m.; Mrs. ■ Bloper will
speak. --..•■. . ■ .
RK DR. MIRANDAS. THK CELEBRATED
spiritual medium, removed to 1728 Market at.
KS. KATE HOSKIN>VTKANOji and Busi-
ness medium; sittings dally; $1. . 186 Oak M.
ISHOP OABBISO •, 1870 MAB~K>;T: SEAN-
ces Tuesday, Filday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 daily.
- M. FRANCIS, INDKPENDKNT^HLATE-
"»' writer 118 Hhll-Ih m : hours 9 until 6 P.M.
": ,:: :;ASTKOLOGY."
A STKOLOOY AND MEDICINK NATIVITIES
2Y. or. questions answered: Prot-HowaM's vital
remedies 'ore health. -311 Hyde su. 10 to 3. . -
-•:>:.? , ' ATTOKMEYS-AT-LAW. ; •/ .„
""a^vTc^lkrk^^dTvo'rcle^aw^X^
A altyj private; ; no charge unless successful; all -
lawsuits, claims, collection*, wlils.* deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G. W. HoWK, att'yat-law. 850 Market:
\Y If. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAVV.SSI PARitOTT
»T .bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
- W. KING, ATTORNEY- AT- LAW . CHRON-
• UP advu-e free: nni.ier:q.- : opfn pvnm.
STUKAUK.
S'~T^R^^aE^cTTF^pTTBT^^ : H^Cl^^ KIRK^
proof building; advances made. '. 211 Larktn.
f>UKNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
varices. shipping. CHAN L..TAYLOH.2O4 Post. |
A : B. SMITH FURNITURE > CO.. 132 ELLlsf
• low rates: lire-prooi building; Eaitera plau.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I 070. .- GREAT BARGAIN— —
* Must be sold; Paste st., north side,. Buchanan:
house of - flats: 5 an I 6 rooms and bath; lot 54:2.x
120 to Lily aye.: 27:t>xli'Oof the same vacant.
Particulars of G. H. TJMBSEN <£ C0.,' 14 Mont-
gomery st. •
INSTALLMENT LOTS, ;$5 DOWN. AND $5
X per month; low-Interest; street work ' done.
Apply 3207 Twenty-second St., cor. Mission, after
7:30 evenings.
HINTS TO REAL ESTATE ~
. INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKE
You can make some money now buing land any-
where within an hour's ride of a creat seaport city.
Yon can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than others.
You can make the most money If you select a
plac« naturally situ .ted for a town, located in the
direct tine of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap and fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet far enough
away from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
ous, self-supporting and Independent community.
, . FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED
As to combine all these advantages and many
others. It offers splendid . lnducementt to those
about to start business of any discription.
For suburban homes it r Tals any of the thickly
populated centers around the bay.
it Is only 46 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight
Sta:lon on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
ELEGANT CHUBCxi EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Marie these improvements. --
NOTE THE ELIGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for pro on
your investment in a prospec ive business center
as compared with the many -isolated one-street
tracts now on the market. '
SEE FITCHBURO.
Invest Judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready to bui a on, size 26 and 50 feet front by 100
to 200 feet deep.
PRICE ONLY $4 TO 910 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments. .
THAD. S. FITCH. Fitcnburg. San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
<£1 9".H COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; BEKKE-
*iP JLjL.U\J. ley; lot 60x100: near station: $300
. down. 915 monthly. •
9160— Lot 24x100: ?5 down, 93 monthly. '
--- - CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. ;
QUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $J75 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
IKS* A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
SE-^ WEEKLY CALL. IP wrapper, for mailing.
J-KOi-JfcUlTx ,'iO Jt-.YC.aA.MiK.
9AfV HOUSES AND :■' LOTS' FOR
— \J\J exchange; all sizes and prices. ;
Ofl A RANCHES FROM STO 2000 ACRES,
*J\J\J best location, for sale or exchange.
i\flf\ BUSINESS PLACES 950 TO $5000, FOB
O\J\J sale or exchange. H. C. DECKER. Mkt
OAKLAND GILT-EDGE PKOPKRTY; 9540
per annum; equity 95600; fla mortgage,
$3001); to exchange for small Improved truit
ranch. Address Ranch, box 9, Call Office, Oakland.
ONE OF THE FINKST RANCHES IN SANTA
Cruz Co.; 40 acres fruit; fine improvements;
98000: ail clear: close to town. F. C. WATSON,
463 Ninth St., Oakland.
I*^Xll ACRES Ti.MiiER LAND. KERN Co.;
±4iU\l WMer: flneforcattle-mln'ng. N..hx.l6.Cail
MONEY iO LOAN. :
NY AMOUNT ON BONDrf," DIAMONDS,
watches, Jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low; private entrance:
private rooms: discreet attendants, - at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye ;,
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. »48 Market st.; open evenings. . .
1t!l HO l\(U\ TO LOAN. CITY, AT CXI ALSO
«3?±UU.UUU Oakland, life insurance, real es-
tate in probate. small oriareesums «HAINWALI>
BUCKBEK A CO., 218-220 Montgomery si.
ONKY LYING IDLE- TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
• ■s: per month for each 91000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance, Coin, box 2, Call.
ONEY LOANED" ON JKWULKV ANO
other valuables at the Becnrlty Loan Office,
12litiMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
1 \IRKCT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
i-J no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Donohna bldg. 1170 Market »l ■
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2i> or 3D MOIITOAGKS;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate In uro-
bate. McCOLB ¥4 ilontsimicrv. room 3.
©Of| finn ON improved real estate,
<tP«JU \J\J\J sums not exceeding 91000. Call at
room 629, Parrott Building. ' .
IBTA2II MORTGAGES: INTERKSTS IN E*
Jl ;Iowm! rates :no del .1 v.M I R l'll V Mr<\
A DVANCESONDIAMONDSJ.JK\VELRY\ iSTU
J'* « •Qlnnibm l.<vtn >fe i'o'l;irera ; <>fflr». 9i;n' ■ •••»
' I>AW>'BKOKEUS.:
GRAND CENTRAL LOAN OFFICE. 1200
Market St.; money loaned: watcht^: diamonds;
etc.: lowest rates; bargains In unredeemed pledges.
T 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevntor: pled for sale cheap.
EDUCATIONAL.
TUDIES WILL T "toE"" RESUMED
Mary's College, Oakland, Monday, A ugust 3.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA: DELSARTE
J-i thorouebly tanzht; appearances arranged: 1 to
8 r.U. OLIVE HoFF-sCHRtiKDKIt, 299 Hyde st.
USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES IJiiSSONS
In (tinging: $4 a month. 854 Mission su
TIEUL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET ST.,
oilers unsurpassed advantages and Induce-
ments In shorthand, bookkeepings penmanship, 1
typewriting, - English branches, languages, c.c: |
expenses less than. at any other college. LEON
and LULA STIEHL, proprietors. ' - '
YRES 1 . THK LKADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 825 Montgomery st.; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
j scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
1 "\f R. & MIIS. KOI M ER, TEACHERS MAN
i tlolln, guitar, banjo. 93 "■ Market it., opp. Mason
i. ELASCO'- LYCi-.UM SL'nUi L Or .uin.-
I • Private then 'dials arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. U. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
; O chanlCal pnglneerine, surveying, archltecture-
rssay: estab. '84. VAN NAILLEN", Mitt,
OICK CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND DEL-
sarte taught thoroughly; 25c a lesson. ; 749
Folsom st. - •*■ .■--■■ r
NGIJSH. FRENCH." GERMAN. PIANO,
painting. palmistry, $2 ma Studio 1422 Hyde.
lA.NO LESSONS; PCTPIL OF THK LF.IPSIC
Conservatory; nn.d.terms.J.L.ANUE,llo Hyde.
•V"EGATIVE HKIOtI'HING TAUGU MISS
1> L. FUERsTNOW. 131 Post st.. fifth floor.
1. N. sacket, teacher OF. BANJO, 129
J. Third st.. San Fr mcisco. .
A NOTLI-rsSONs. 500 HOUR. MR. WATTS.
. 218 Golden Gate aye.
IT RBTN SCHOOL AT 2124 CALIFORNIA ST.:
J opens July 27, 1896. X. W. M PORK, Prin.
A LMA K. HYKR. PIANO, MANDOLIN. BAN- 1
A. Jo studio. 405Ger,ry, R. 17: bourn Btolo p. if.
OOKKPNU, WKITNO, ARITUMTC. WRAMK
day * nk-ht: nocla^ses: 95 month. 846 Mission
l~\ LIT AH MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
Ur lessons: 93 ma MA KY WKsTHaUS. 89 Fifth.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, ' mandolin. I nr.io. ' 1707 Mar
LiiGAL NOTICES.
frTTKK^SITPFrRIOR COCKT OP^THe'stltk
1 of < allfornia, In and for the City and county of
San Francisco. ■ i n liii>»iJHUl ii>iiiWiiii> iw i iii'iimltiia
! In the matter of the estate of MARIE STUBER,
deceased. No. 16.339.
. It aDpearlng to this court by the petition hereto-
fore filed by J. C. Kned. executor jof the last will
of MARIE STUBER, deceased, that it would be
for the advantage, benefit and b -st Interests of the
estate of . the s id deceased and those iutere'ted
therein, to ; sell the whole of . me real estate of
said decedent it nd. also the -, personal property ; a
general description and statement of which . ap-
pears in the said petition.
It Is therefore ordered by this court that all per-
sons interested in the ' ill estate of the said deceased
appear before this court on the 17th day of August
A. D 1896, a: the hour of 10 o'clock a. M. of said .
duv, at the courtroom or said' court, at the new
City Hall, In the .Ci y and county ut San ■ Fran-
ci-00, state of. California, *to show caus« why an
order should not 4>- granted' t> said executor as
prave i for : in said petition ■ lor the • sale of the
whole of said real and personal property of - the
said decedent, and that a copy of this order be pub-
lished once a .week for lour successive weeks in |
.The San" Fkaxcisco Call, a newspaper printed
and published in said City aud County of San
Francisco. <QPHMtaaaan|pA
Dated July 16, 1896. „
- - - J. V. COFFEY, Judge Superior Court.
W.F.WILLIAMSON, Attorney for Executor,
Mills building. ;- v r .-., ■:-'. :'-- ..;;; -
EPARIMENT NO. 9. PROBATE— IN THK
Superior :- : Court, in - and - ' for < the City and
-County of san Francisco. Stat** of California.
In the matter of die ostats of GABRIEL GAIL-
HARD, deceased, 17501.
- Notice Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 4th
day of August, A. D., 1896. a' 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court at the new City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, state of California, have *
been appointed as the time and p. ace for proving a
duly authenticated copy of the - will -- of said
GABRIEL GAILHARD, deceased, and for hear-
ing the application of PIKRKINE BKRGES for
the issuance to him of letter* of administration '
with the will annexed. ■■-«■
r Dated July !«1, A. D., 1896.
- rsJCAL], ••■•'.■ C. F. CURRY, Clerk,
By F. B. HOUGHTON. Deputy Clerk.
P. ALEXANDRE BEKGEROT, Attorney for.
Petitioner, 142-143 Crocker building, Msa . Frau-
clsco. - - '■'.-'.■"•■■'■ ■■ ,' -■ --'".--' - ■' - ■ .
~ ;; TYFKWKITIiBS. v:
TSE^*INCJT^i^S3ST^MTl r i?rTBoT^n^NiDT ; o^
It sample work. SCOTT <£ BA_NNAN,SB3ilntgrny
COUNTRY REAL -ESTATE.
TNfHE FAMOUS SANTA CLARa" VALLEY,
a on main county road, bet. San Jose and Los,
Cat fine 18-a«re nearly 5-year-old prune or-
chard; nioierd house, barn, windmill, tank. »tc. :
water piped | to house; :. sale or exchange for S. F.
Income property. C. 8., fcoo4 Laguna st. •
ftSrt PER ACRE : RANCH" 1% HOURS'
%T)^v/ drive from city: suitable for aairy. cblclc-
ens or bees; well watered: 160 acres. FRANK
ASH lON, 411 Montgomery si.
fl^U PER ACRE: FOR OAKLAND OR SAN
J?. v Jose income property, 640 acres of land in
Tebama County: one-half Al trull and vine land, ■
balance grazing; plenty wood and water; county !
road runs through land. Address Owner, box 46,
Mercury Office. San Jose, Cal. 
T-^OR EXCHANGE FORCITY INCOME PROP-
i. erty-ao ncres, two-thirds orchard In bearing,
one-third bare land; near San Jo<e; cash value
$21.000. Address look box 14, San Jose, C»l.
1 A ACRES SANTA CLAKA IMPROVED FOU
-LV city prop.; mortgage. M. C. L.. box 107, Call.
TPOR SALE— IB4O ACRES OF EXCELLENT
X 1 fruit and alfalfa land in one body; suitable for
colomzat.on; known as, the Peter Clapp ranch: '
S. miles east of Latbrop: 1 mile from school,
church and railroad; 10 miles from. Stockton and
within sixty rods of the Ma nisi us and San Joa-
quin Company's Irrigation ditch, which runs.par-
allel for two miles: 2 good dwelling-houses, -good
barns, sheds, fences, tanks and windmill*; county
roads; terms reasonable. Save all commission by
applying to NOAH CLAPP, 6 Weber Point, Stock-
ton Cat. .
NY one WANTING A ranch for
-£\- grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES *6 MILES
from city;' los any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. •
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, ISi-
-LJ proved, easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market si, S. K.
QK.Mi FUKOUU bl» f OF ORCHARD ULUliia
lor Mil «. WOOMTKH A \V':i I'ltoV. •-«■» Jw,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
-\~\(\ B ARGA IN ;" CHICKEN RANCH ;
,%S) x*JO\J. new 4-room ' house to order and well
terms to suit; *600 cash, 15 per month. WM. P.
TODl), IQU^ Broadway, Oakland. - ,
CJI (\f\f\ DISCOUNT: PRICE $2700 LOT 45
tjp IUUU ft. front, on principal St.: near business
center; bouse 10 rooms in 2 flats: well located and
rented; lot alone worth the price asked: call early.
A FINK COTTAOE HOME, 7 ROOMS, BATH.
$2500; cost $3500: lot 76x120. neighborhood
Al; 2 blocks to Postofflce; local station and elec-
tric cars; 9500 cash, balance on mortgage; first
come, nrst served.
S','f{f\f\ HOUSE, 8 BOOMS: BATH: NEW-
— UUU, iy painted throughout: lot 60x120;
best location in Oakland; near cars; . lot alone
worth pries asked; owned by the bank.
AN IDEAL COTTAGE—
4 rooms; lot 100x120: flowers and shrub-
bery; 2 blocks to cars and station; 91200 cash;
this Is a splendid buy; seeing i believing, so
please call.
BROADWAY BUSINESS BLOCK; CASH
value 9150,000: offor wanted.
I A LOTS IN FITCHBURG; A NO. 1; AT
X" one-half their value; price $1000; cost 1 year
ago over 92400.
ALSO SEVERAL IMPROVED AND UNIM-
x\. proved . properties, owned by the bank, at
large discounts from their cash value, bend for
complete list before buyine elsewhere.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$tfE LOTS AND UPWARD— A
*iP I O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home; streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are In shape to build
on; a tine school with 2 elect io roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance 95 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 60. post-
free. - . ■ - - ■ ■ ..* -
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
a moder 1 2-story dwelling: 1 1 rooms, bath, eta;
grounds, 75x175: furnished if desired. For par-
ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific aye.. near
Park st.. Alameda. A very tine new Stelnway
piano also for sale. •■ - ■■ . ■
ALAUim A HOUSES TO LET.
T?OR COTTAGE 6 ROOMS: ALL MOD-
JT crn Improvements; lawn, flowers. 1433 Ninth
gt.. bet. Masil-'k and Knclnal station. Alameaa.
tUtKsifcfJKlf .li A L JiST ATiS.
CASH A N D 10 PE R MONTH FOR A
«JTwU hard-finished. 4-room bnuse: lot 40x100;
price 9760. W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station, Berke-
ley. ■ ' ■ ■
ffl» IOK FOR LOTS IN GOOD LOCATION;
«Jp 1 must be sold; come and see. W. C.
AiORAN, Lorin Station.
SAVE RENT-ONLY 91500: MODERN. NEW
4-room cottage: 1 block from station:' pay-
ments same as rent: 40-foot lot. M. L. WURTS,
opposite Dwight way station. .
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALK
en pasy term*. O. G. MAY * CO., real estatd
and bnlldlng. 2123 Center st.. Berk-ley. :
josEPh J. mason, keal estate AND
O insurance ngent, t eriteley stain, adjoining bank.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
"DEFINED COUPLE CAN 'FIND BOABD IN
J t elegant private residence In East Berkeley;
beautiful grounds; stable. Address C, Peralta P.
P.. Berkeley. •■--.■■•
MONTEREY REAL ESTATE.
"^TJCfuT^NirATnioTKL^
*i?4*O\J\J. a lake; 2-story house, barn, chicken-
house: 12 lots, all in fruit and 6 kinds of berries:
vegetables grow thriftily all year round; must be
sold Immediately. F. C. CALD\VEI.L. owner,
326 Ninth St.. Oakland. " ■■: - -
PROPOSALS. ' " :
"Proposals"' FOB . k UBSISTKNCE BUP-
X piles.— Office of Purchasing Commissary, No. 36
New Montgomery street. San Francisco, Cal., July
1896. healed proposals (in duplicate), subject
to the usual conditions, will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m., on SATURDAY. Au-
gust 1, 1896, at which time and place they will be
opened in the presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivery of the following-named subsistence
supplies: Bacon, hard bread, bukiug powder, beans,
peas, rice, tomatoes, coffee, sugar, tea, syrup, vine-
gar, salt, apples, apricots, chocolate, gelatine,
milk, peaches, pears, peas, preserves (damson),
salmon, starch, cloves, flavoring extracts, jam,
lei}', mustard, nutmeg, olive oil, sane* (cranberry
and Worcestershire), blacking and. toilet paper.
Proposals wilt not be considered unless accom-
panied by samples of articles bid for. he Gov-
ernment reserves the rtgnt to reject any or all pro-
posals. Preference will be given to articles of 00-
-mestlc production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including In the price of foreign
production or manufacture the duty therein being
equal. Blank proposals and full Info mat. on as to
th" quality of tiupp'les, character of packages, etc.,
ill be furnished on application to this office. En-
velopes containing proposals should be marked
■■Proposals for Subsistence supplies, to be opened
August 1, 1(;96," and addressed to the under-
signed, CHAa P. EAGAN, Major and C. S_
United States Army. .■ -:• :
' ..; ;. TRUSTEES' SALES. •,'.;. -;v/.:
rrm7pTEl<n?T3Al3E^?N~^^
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by TOBIAS Si. 1 IN-
DEMAN, party of the first part, to HENRY C
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of lie second part, and the £an Fran-
cisco . Savin** Union, party of the third part, dated
December 29th, 1887, and recorded In tne office of
the county Recorder of the Cltv and County of Han
Francisco, -State of California; in Liber 1275 of
Deeds, -at pages Bs, and following: and in pur-
suance of a resolution passed on the 23d day of
January, 1896, by the Board of Directors of
said SAN FK AN CISCO savings ONION, a
corporation, and the bolder of the notes (No. 8556),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust ..was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment .of the principal sums
and Other sums, due . under said notes ana deed of
trust, a' d requesting and directing; said HKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDKUS B. KENT,
'l rustees. to sell the - real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness: ' % :
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of August, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldridge A•■ Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and County of t?an Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash ,In gold coin of the
United States, all that piece or parcel of land sit-
uate in the City and County of San Francisco State
of ifornla, described as follows, to wit : ■
- . Commencing at the corner formed ■by the inter-
section of the south' rly line of 1 aciflc street with
the easterly line of Mason street, and running
thence easterly, along said Une ; of , Pacific street,
one hnnilre I and three fi-et two | inches . (103 and
2-12 feet): thence at right angles southerly, sixty-
two feet six inches (62 and 6-12 feet); thence at
right angles westerly, twenty-seven - feet eight
inches ('27. and 8-12 feet) : thence at right angles
southerly, ten feet six Inches (10 and 6-12 feet);
tbenco alright angles- westerly, seventy five feet
*nd six inches (75 and 6-12 fe«t), to said easterly
line of Mason street; and thence northerly, along
the last-ni«me.i line, seventy-three (73 feet), 10 the
point of commencement: , ..
-^ Being -. portion of fifty-vura lot number ■ three
hundred and thirty-five (335): -- ■• ■
Together with t.ie appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash In gold 'coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and If not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited I and j.he sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. -■•■■".,; s *
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, V™^.;^.
THADDEUB ii. KKNT.. /M. OB^ 3 - .
LATESi SHIPPING INTEL CIS.
, - . Forel jrn Port*, " - " - i-flf£Z
. MELBOURNE— SaiIed Juua 2— Brshlo Linden,
for Oregon. ; B— Br barn Veritss, for I'iuet Sound.
16— Br mirk Nitlisdnle, tor Oregon. 17— Br ship
Jane Burrill, for Royal ; Roads. July I— Br bark
Meinwen, for Oregon.
. BRISBANE— SaiIt a June 20— Br ship Tweeds-
dale, for Oregon.'
- ADELAIDK-Sailed June 11— Br ship Mela-
□ope. for Oregon. - ...
FIJI— In port June B— Br bark City of Adelaide,
for Puget Sound. - ■ ■ - .
NEWCASTLE, NSW— c a!led June 13-Br bark
; Louis • Pasteur. lor San Francisco." 15— Fr bark
Jules Verne, for San Francisco. 24— bark In-
vergarrv, for San Francisco. 17— Bark Harvester,
for Honolulu. July • 3 —^Br ahip Waveriree, for
San Francisco.
In port July 6— Br ships Albyn, Anglesey, Ar-
denoraig. BracftJale. , Grassendale, Hiddelei, Kei-
burn( Langdale, Laureioank, Peadragon Castle,
Port Caledonia, ' uddland Cas'le, Windermere,
the Ital ship Salvatore' Ciampa, the Nor bark
Sijorn, the Br bark Giencaird, the Nic bark Do-
minion, ihe Amer bark Colusa and the Fr bark
I Jeanne d' Arc, all ■ for - San Francisco;. Nor bark
Seiadunand Br bark Snowdon. for Honolulu: Br
j ship ElmhursL lor Portland, Or: Br ships Mount
Carmel und Port Logan, for San Diego.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Br bark
County of Anglesey and the Br ships James Kerr
and Halewood, for ban Francisco; Br ship Hawks,
dale, for Portland, Or. - -
SYDNEY— .-sailed June 27— Br ship Rosshlre.for
San Francisco. 30— Ship Bohemia, lor ban Fran-
cisco.
' In port July 6— Br nhips Blalrgowrle, Both well
and Cromartysnirr, the Br Darks Blairhoyle and
lnverniark. the Ital ship Cavalier* Ciampa and
the bark McNcar, all for &an Francisco. .
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK- Arrived July SO-Stmr Patrla.fm
Hamburg; stmr Germania, from Liverpool and
Queenstown ; stmr Carlsrhue, trom Bremen; stmr
Bobemla, from Hamburg. ■
HAMBURG — ArrivoU out July 30 — Stmr
Persia. '
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out July SO— Stmr
Trave.
PLYMOUTH-Arrived out July 30-Stmr Fuerst
Bi.vnarck.
LONDON— sailed July 30— Stmr Massachusetts,
for New York. • ■:.-.,-
BEACHY HEAD-Passed July 30-Stmr Ob-
da<ii. from Rotterdam for New York.
lUii .DIVORCE Ki^COtiD.
Divorces granted:
Elizabeth Henke from Herman Henke, for ex-
treme cruelty; by Judge Hebbard.
Jeanne Meyer Irom Louis imyer, for willful de-
sertion; by Judge Hebbard. Plaintiff resumes her
maiden name, Jeanne Casenave.
Daniel J. Fulton from . Celeste M. Fulton, for
wilful desertion; by Judge Dalngerfielrt.
Dinah Elizabeth Scott from Kobert Scott, for
willful neglect; by Judge Daingerfleld.
. jiAuuiA«Es— msAim"
KOR.X. *v •;. *
ANDERSON— In this city, July 30, 1896, to the
wife of J. T. Anaerson, a son.
B RUNS— In Oakland, July 13, 1896, to the wife of
J. C C. Bruns, a dau.li.er.
FLUGGER-ln this city, July 17, 1890, to the
wife of J. c. Flug.-;er, a daughter.
HARRIS— in this city, July 30, 1896, to the who
of Louis Harris, a son.
LAUBENUEIMER-To the wife of C. H. Lauben-
heimer, a daughter.
MCKAY— In this city, July 27, 1898, to the wife of
G. S. McKay, a daughter.
MORTON— In this city, July 27, 1896, to the wife
of Henri F. Morion, a daughter.
MAUKuii).
BERGK— SCHMIDT— In this city, July SO. 1896,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeiing, Anton Bergtc and
Lina schmidu
BLAKELEY-KNAPP-In Oakland, June 30,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Ku miner, Walter E.
iiiakeley and Hattle J. Knapp.
CRAMER— BERRY— In this city. July 28, 1896,
at the residence of the bride's mother, by me
Rev. Dr. E. R. Wile, Louis Cramer and Olive
Pearl Berry, both 01 Sun Francisco.
FRANCKE— WUTHE -In Oakland, July 28,
18^6, by the Rev. J. H. Tneiss, Hermann A.
Francke -of Placerville, Cal., • and Ei^ma A.
Wnthti of Oakland.
HODGE— DILLON— In Napa, July 30, 1895, M. J.
Hodge and Mollie Dillon, uotlt of Sau Francisco
HORSTM ANN— EBBINGHAUSEN— In this city,
July '-2t>, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendelin^, Henry
F. iiuratmaun and Anna L. Ebb.nghausen.
HAMMEL-TCRNER— In this city, July 30,
18 J 6, by the R-v. J. Fuendeiiug, Gustav Haui-
mei and Mary Turner. ' >
MEGRAW— LA UFFEB— In this city. July . 2»,
18U6, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, George K. Me-
graw and Anna J. Laufler, both 01 Oakland, CaL
BEUIOR— MURRY— In this city, July 29. 1898,
by the Rev. M. t: Boy ton, George W. Hector of
' Usal, Mendocino County, and Marguerite L.
- Murry of San Francisco. ■. ■
A>AiiJL>.
Anderson, James Elroy AlcNuit, Mary Ellen
Burk, Nathan : . McKenna, Arthur
Buhlert, Albert Mart n, James
Cooke, Susie S. O'Neill, Pearl
Car.ln, Zulima H. Regan, Mary
Dunn. Margaret ' Scott, Marie
. Dengi-s, Ida Agnes Smith, Mrs. Ed
Fioretti, Maurice ' . Toner, Margaret J. .
Heitbron, Mary Voipe, Gluseppl
Vanderslice, Katueriuu
ANDERSON— In this city, July 30, 1896. James
Elroy, beloved son and only child of Ellsworth
E. and Katie A. Anderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 11 months.
BURK— In this city, July 29. 1896. Nathan, be-
loved husband or Lena Burk, aud father of Ed-
ward Burk, Mrs. J. J. Sweeney and Airs. Rosa
bit va, a native of Prussia, aged 73 years. .-■ ■ -
KiT Friends ana acqualntancat are respect-
fully Invited to attend the luneral Villa da?
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the under-
taking pallors of Mcuinn Bros , 31 Eddy street,
. thence to New Salem Cemetery, ban Mateo, by
1 1 :S0 o'clock ▲. 11. train.
BUHLERT— Larkspur, Marin County, July 29,
1896, Albert, el jest son of the late Albert and
Emma * Buhlert, and beloved brother of Mrs.
Mark Strouse and Jeau and William Buhlert,
a native of Calaveras County, Cal,, aged 31 years
and 5 months. '
AST Friend* and acquaintance* art resDSav
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F."Suhr A Co.. 1-09 Mission street
near Eighth. Interment 1. U. O. F. Cemetery .
COOKE— In Springfield, Mass., July **9,' 189-1.
Susie S., beloved wife of George N. Coo-;e, and
sister of Mrs. E. Bauer and Mrs. M. WhUe, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass. . ,
CARLIN— In Los Getos, July 30, 1896, Zulfma
■H. Carlin. mother of Eva V. and R. R. Carlin,
aged 7l years.
DUNN— In this city, July 30. 1M96, Margaret,
dearly beloved wife of ■P. D. Dunn, and mother
of John, Joseph. George/ Anna and Mangle
Dunn, a native of Ireland. . [New Orleans (La.)
- papers please copy.]
&3*".NoiiC9 of funeral hereafter.
DENGES— In this city. July 80, 1896, Ida Agnes,
Deioved wife of Frederick Denges, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 40 years 6 months and 19
days.
FIORKTTI-In the City and County Hospital,
July 30.' 1896. Maurice Fioretti, aged 49 years.
HEILBRON— In this city. July 30, 1896, Mary
. Heilbron, beloved mother of A. T. Lyons and
Mrs. W. W. Barton and Mrs. -C. A. Beiderman
and Charles F. and Clara A. Heilbron, a native
of Monterey, aged 56 years 1 month and days.
ASTNoticeof funeral nereafter.
McNUTT-ln this city, July '30. 1896. Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of W. E. M. McNutt. and
daughter of Richard H. and the Ute Mary Ellen
Perry, a native of England, aged 30 years. [New
York City papers please copy.] */-
£3~ Frienas and acquaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend he funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 20% Clara street:
McKENNA— In the City and County Hospital,
July SO, 1896, Arthur McKeana, aged 20 years.
MARTIN— in this city, ; July 27, ' 1898. * James
Martin, a native of Scotland, aged 66 years. ' ,
O'NEILL— In this city, July 30. 1886. Pearl, be-
loved daughter of ■ James and Paulina O'Neill,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month. ,; ;
REGAN— this city. July 30, 1896. Mary Began,
beloved mother of Mrs- J. J. Sullivan and I John
Regan, aud grandmother of James. George,
> Rnfus, .Ireanens, Joseph and Nellie ' Sullivan
and Mrs. J. J. Shaaghnessy, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 93 years and 7 months.
SCOTT— In this city, July 26, 1833. Mane,
widow of - the late Captain Jesse E. Scott, and
mother of William C. Martin and Mrs- J. Alli-
son Green, a native of ; New Orleans, La., aged
65 years. ■
■'- t&~ Friends and acquaintances and members at
Seven Pines Circle No. 3 * are respect-
fully Invited 10 aitend the funeral "ft! 1 3 %>\*
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from Native Sons
building. Mason street, above Geary, 'interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. * -"■ - ,
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE— and members
of Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladles of the Grand
Army of the public, are requested to attend
1 the funeral Of our late sister,- Marie Sco;u By
order LILLY BUTTNER, Pres. pro tern.
M. A. Withnoham, Secretary.
SMITH— In Blenheim, July 28. 1896, Mrs. Ed
Smith, a^Cd 52 yean.
TONER— In this city, July 30. 1896. at 613 N»-
totna street,' Margaret J.. beloved wife of Hutch
Touer, and mother of William F. and Sarah
Toner, Mrs. Jennie McHale, Mrs. Peter Hansen,
Mrs. James A. Mills and Mrs. C. M. Peakinpab,
a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61
yean 4 months and 6 days. .
VOLPE— In this city, July : 80, 1898. Gluseppl,
beloved husband of .-. Maria Volpe, and father of
Sophie, Frank, L'omenlc and Katie Volpe, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 62 years 6 months and 10
days. .■•-. - ■ ' : - ■ ■ ■■ .
VANDERSLICK-In '■ this city, . July 29, 1898,
Katharine, beloved wife of W. K. Vanderslice,
und mother of Mrs. J. S. Johnson and Jeannette.
Ilermlne and Milton Vanderal!ce, a native of
Boston, Mas)., aged l 9 years . 3 months and 14
days, l ßoston , and Philadelphia (Pa.) papers
please copy. J - , . ■ ■ -. ,
IBTThe funeral will take place ; THIS - DAY
■' (Friday), at • 2 o'clock ■p. m., ■ from . the family
residence, 2702 California street. ' -. .
I WicAVOY & CALLACHER, T
FUNKRAL DIKEGTOHS 4 EMBALMKKS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. 1 .
||B|§§ Telephone 3080. .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY^
SAN MATEO I COUNTY: NEAREST CEME.
O tery to the city; non-sectarian In no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. < Office ; 887 Market
street, southeast coiner of Sixth.
1516
THE SOLID SEVEN ON THE VERGE OF DESPAIR
Startling Revelations of
Guilt May Be Made
To-Day.
GRAND JURY WITNESS.
A Subpena is Out for a Weil-
Known Corporation
Man.
C. I. TAYLOR'S ATTITUDE.
Apprehensive That the Promised
Witness Will Evade the Jury's
Summons.
The Grand Jury has determined to make
further inquiry into certain transactions
in the Board of Supervisors. The fore
man of the jury will not divulge informa
tion in detail. He simply says: "We are
eoing deeper."
It is certain that information has reached
the Grand Jury that a man prominently
connected with one of the leading corpo
rations, recently favored by the seven ac
cused Supervisors, left tbe City Wednes
day evening.
Mr. Maskey was asked yesterday if the
name of this individual could be given.
In reply he said : "You will know more
of this incident to-morrow. The Grand
Jury is not going to adjourn until the
matter with the Supervisors is settled.
We are going deeper."
It is said that the departure of this man,
whose name Mr. Maskey would not di-
Tulge, created some comment among
Supervisors. Rumor had it that he re
ceived a hint that a G^and Jury subpena
had been issued summoning him to attend
the session to-day.
This is the true story of the incidents
connected with the discovery of an im
portant witness who may go before the
Grand Jury to-day and tell something that
may lead up to the indictment of more
than one Supervisor: When the Grand
Jury adjourned one day last week Theo
dore Payne and Frank P. McLennan, tne
secretary, were met in a corridor of the
new City Hall by a well-known citizen,
who said he could give them the name of
an individual of high standing, who could
impart the information concerning certain
Supervisors which the jury was so anxious
to obtain.
The jurors were, of course, hishly grati
fied at the prospect of positive proof. The
name was given and an engagement'
formed to bring about an interview with
the prospective witness: The hour fixed
for the interview was 1 o'clock Saturday,
and the place Theodore Payne's office.
At tbe appointed hour on Saturday
Messrs. Payne and McLennan were on
hand to keep their part of the engage
ment. They waited for an hour, but no
one else came. They were disappointed,
but not discouraged. It was then agreed
that Mr. Payne should undertake to find
an 1 interview the man whose name had
been given as the possessor of important
information.
In due time Mr. Payne found the man,
talked with him and submitted the facts
of the interview to the foreman of the
Grand Jury. Yesterday a subpena was
issued for the man in question, but soon
the rumor spread that the expected wit
ness left the City Wednesday evening.
Last evening Mr. Payne was asked if he
could give tbe name of the witness who
was supposed to know something of the
peculiar transactions of the seven Super
visors. As the matter was not a Grand
Jury secret, he was willing to say that a
citizen of high standing and a man well
known in tne community had promised
or reluctantly consented to appear before
the Grand Jury to-morrow and tell what
he knew of transactions with certain Su
pervisors.
"Can you give the name of tbe gentle
man?"
"It is not prudent or proper to do so at
tbis time," replied Mr. Payne.
"Have you heard that he left the City
last night?"
"I heard so to-day," said Mr. Payne,
"but I do not credit the information that
be has gone from tbe City. He stands too
high in the community and is identified
with too many interests and corporations
to be away any great length of time. "
"He may have gone out of town for a
few days. I believe yet that he will appear
to-morrow in answer to the subpena and
truthfully tell us what he knows. Recol
lect, be did not seek to come before the
Grand Jury and does not desire to come,
but I take him to be a man who will not
shirk a duty even if it is a disagreeable
one."
"If it is not a Grand Jury secret, what
KEW TO-DAY.
V« Jamaica
(linger
has maintained its
reputation for 75 years
as the most efficacious
remedy for all com-
plaints of the stomach.
Soothing in action, it
quickly banishes pain
of every nature; stimu-
lating in effect, it
greatly benefits the
system without reac-
tion. Keep it by you.
• : in case of emergency.
Ask for Fred Brown- si
,- Sold where.
FKED MOWS CO., Philadelphia.
barm can come of letting his name be
known?
"This harm," said Mr. Pavne. "It is
possible that some business has called him
out of town. Should it appear in the news
papers that be hnd disappeared and the
Grand Jury be credited with the announce
ment that he had run away to avoid
service, be might feel justly indignant
and consider that tbc Grand Jury had
acted imprudently. He has nothing to
fear himself. What he has agreed to tell
under oath is in the interest of justice."
"Are there many witnesses called for
the meeting to-morrow ?' '
"I have heard of only two, but there
may be others."
"Is this expected important witness con
nected with the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, or v.ith the transportation or light
companies?"
"Well, you might guess if I should des
ignate the corporation, but I can say that
he is not identified with the water com
pany. If he does not respond to-morrow
1 think there will be some good explana
tion of his absence and notice given ween
he expects to return.
"The jury is not going to adjourn right
away. Should he be absent to-morrow
we can wait a reasonable time for his re
turn to tt.e City."
Frank P. McLennan, secretary of the
Grand Jury, was seen last evening. He
said he understood that important testi
mony regarding the action of certain
Supervisors would be submitted to the
Grand Jury to-day. "The little seed that
we planted the other day has been watered
and now promises to bear fruit," con
tinued Mr. McLennan.
"I do not know what this testimony
will be and would not tell if I did, but I
do not mind saying that we understand
that Mr. Payne, who was detailed to inter
view a well-known citizen, has been in
communication with an important wit
ness. I do not know the name of tnis
witness. No, Ido not know that this wit
ness left the City yesterday. I have not seen
Mr. Payne to-day, but talked with him
over the telephone a few minutes ago."
A member of the Grand Jury whose
name is at present withheld expressed the
opinion that direct bribery was not re
sorted to by the corporation in the matter
of lowering the assessments. He said:
"The action of the seven Supervisors in
the assessment reduction was part of the
general agreement formed shortly after
the board was organized, by which seven,
if not eight, of the members consented to
take care of the gas, water and street rail
way corporations in all municipal legisla
tion.
"It is a proposition, plain on its face,
that some agent or attorney of the inter
ested corporations gives out a hint occa
sionally to enlighten the ring Supervisors.
Some one Supervisor in the compact may
be trusted to signal or inform his asso
ciates as to what course should be pur
sued.' 1
Supervisor Taylor was very much molli
fied yesterday when he heard that the
board had rescinded its action in taking
tne matter of municipal department ap
propriations out of the hands of the
Finance Committee, of which he is the
head, and was in consultation with Super
visor Hughes, the author of the rescinding
motion, for several hours. In fact, he has
arranged for a vacation trip to Supervisor
Hughes' mines in Butte County when the
board tases its annual rest.
"I am not at all sorry that the Grand
Jury has taken up this matter of the
bribery of Supervisors," he said, "but I
fear that their efforts to probe the matter
will prove futile.
"The man who spoke to me of the cor
ruption among a certain clique in the
board has been subpenaed to appear before
the Grand Jury, but there is a serious
question in my mind whether he will
make his appearance at the time set,
owing to the publicity that has been given
this affair through the columns of The
Call.
"There is not the slightest doubt in my
mind that certain Supervisors have been
receiving money from the outside, that
they had no right to receive, to protect
the interests of certain corporations.
"How many of these officials have bene
fited by the deal I am not prepared to
say, but it will probably ail come out now
under the Bearchlight of the Grand Jury."
THOSE NEW STEAMERS.
Southern Pacific Officials Would tike
to See the Japanese Ship*
Coining Here.
The anticipated conference in con
nection with the prospective Japanese
steamship line to the Pacific Coast of the
United States did not take place yesterday.
The Japanese representatives who are in
this City for the purpose of making inves
tigations and obtaining information re
garding United States ports have stated
that they will invite a meeting with
Southern Pacific officials, the Traffic Asso
ciation and other public commercial
bodies. So far they have made no ad
vances in this direction.
General Traffic Manager Smnrr of the
Southern Pacific said yesterday : "We have
not yet had an interview with those gen
tlemen and as far as we know nothing has
been done so far in the interest of San
Francisco with regard to thiß enterprise."
"Your company would rather see San
Francisco chosen at the American port for
the new line than the Puget Sound ports
or San Diego?"
"Most certainly. Oar people have vast
interests here circling about San Francisco
and naturally would prefer to see the
steamers coming to San Francisco. I
shali be very glad to meet the gentlemen
— the Japanese representatives — and talk
with them. They will want to know what
inducements San Francisco can offer them.
So far as we are concerned we shall con
sider their propositions and meet them
half way."
The Traffic Association had taken no
steps in tLe matter, and Manager Curtis
was waiting to hear from the Japanese
who have the selection of a port for their
line in their power.
OFFICERS CHANGED.
Result of the Deliberation of the Board
of Election Commissioners
Yesterday.
The Election . Commissioners recognized
the representation ;of the Junta, one of
the warring Democratic factions, by
the vote; of Auditor Broderick, City" and ;
County Attorney Creswell and Tax Collec
tor Block yesterday, Surveyor Tilton and
Mayor Sutro being excused from voting,
and objections to '■ the ': following election
officers were filed:
ci J h^ e \r a g £ er * Sevente enth of the Thirfy
eighth; \\\ . W. Bailsman, Seventh o! the Thir
ty-ninth; Thomas Mayer, Fourth of the Thirty-
V k?v^ : i> \ l ,V- m , V?' Eighth of the Thirty
eighth; P. J. JJigßlns, Twentieth of the Thirty- I
seventh; Henry^Gerlaeh, Sixteenth of the
Forty-first; Leon Van Vliet, Fourth of the For
tieth; William J. ileCartny, Fourteenth of the
Tvveutyuinth.
The following were objected to because
they were not recognized as proper party
representatives:
H. and M. Friedman, Fifth of the Thirty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI7L, FRIDAY, OTTLY 31, 1596.
eighth; James and William Ryan, liighth of
the Thirty-eighth; George M. Koche, Seventh
of the Thirty-eighth, and P. A. Kennedy, Fif
teenth of the Thirty-eighth.
Vacancies were filled by the following
appointments:
Forty-fourth District— First Precinct, F. L.
<ieiinasso and Eugene Cassasa; Second, Paul
Dubois; Third, Samuel J. Sullivan ; Fourth, C.
Luhn; Fifth, \V. D. Kramer; Thirteenth, S. J.
Glllis; Fourteenth, T. F. Mullen; Fifteenth, J.
Mahoney.
Thirty-sixth District— Second Precinct, J. W,
Pierce.
Twenty-eighth District — Eighth Precinct,
Francis P. Murray.
Twenty-ninth District— First Precinct, Zede
S. Wood; Third, Frank X. Anderson; Eighth,
OttoCruy.
Thirtieth District— Sixth Precinct, William
P. Farrell; Fifteenth, John P. Byrne.
Thirty-first District— Eighth Precinct, E. J.
Galvin; Twelftn, Michael McLaughlin.
Thirty-fourth District— Fifth Precinct, David
Marshall; Twelfth, Andrew Olsen.
Fortieth District— Nineteenth Precinct, Will
iam Boniek.
Forty-second District— Ninth Precinct, Wil
liam Coates and F. V. B. Brooks.
Yesterday's dismissals on account of
irregularities in the counts in the precincts
in which they served at the last election
were as follows:
J. O'Connor, Eleventh of the Twenty-ninth;
C. Weiners, Thirteenth of the Thirtieth ; J. C.
Clancy, Tenth of the Thirty-first; E. Durkin,
Ninth of the Thirty-first; H. Wagner, Seven
teenth of the Thirty-sixth; J. McCormack,
Eighteenth of the Thirty-sixth; William Bran-.
non, First or the Thirty-fourth ; M. Etting, Sec
ond of the Thirty-fourth.
Abased a Customer.
Randolph Garrity, proprietor of a cyclery at
Golden Gate avenue and Ltjavenworth street,
was convicted of disturbing the peace by
Judge (,'onlan yesterday and ordered to ap
pear for sentence to-day. The complaining
witness was W. S. Houghton, who rented two
wheels from Garrity Wednesday afternoon,
intending to ride to the park with a lady. On
the way one of the wheels broke, and Hongh
ton and the lady returned to the cyclery.
Hough ton paid the rent for the good wheel,
and because he declined to pay for the other
(iarrity followed him and the lady down the
street, calling him a "deadbeat."
The "Kiss of Death," the Masterpiece of Otto Dobbertia, Sculptor.
TRADE WITH AUSTRALIA.
United States Consul Bell Says
We Are Neglecting a
Chance.
A Wonderful Commercial Country,
but America Gets Little of Its
Business.
Colonel George W. Bell, United States
Consul at Sydney, arrived here yesterday
from Australia, and will address the Cham
ber of Commerce this afternoon at 3 o'clock
upon tne commercial prospects of the
different countries that have ports on the
Pacific Ocean. Tbis is a subject to which
he has given much attention, particularly
with regard to the possibilities of the
United States as a factor .in Australian
trade.
"Australia," said he last night at the
Occidental, "leads the world in commerce.
Its imports and exports are as great as
those of any other country with five times
the population. There is a large number
of rich people in Australia. The result is
Australia buys more and sells more than
any other country on the globe.
"We get about 6 per cent of the whole
Australian trade, and about 2}£ per cent of
the trade with Sydney. We ought to have
40 per cent of the trade. If we had a
strong steamer line from here to Australia,
a line such as is in operation between
England and Australia, we could secure
more of the trade. Then there might very
easily be shipments of fresh fruits both
ways in season, for when it is summer
here it is winter in Australia. Fresh fruits
are snipped to England, a distance of
12,000 miles, and I don't see why they
couldn't be shippedjto this country, only
half that distance.
"Australia has some fine fruit country,
but most of it is undeveloped. They are
not handling their fruit well or giving
proper attention to variety. N«w South
Wales is a particularly good fruit country."
Colonel Bell is an old-time journalist,
lecturer and speculator, who has lived in
Washington State and lowa. He has been
Consul at Sydney for nearly three years.
Recently, upon invitation, he addressed
the Chambers of Commerce of Brisbane,
Sydney and Melbourne and like organiza
tions in the colonies. From here he will
go to Washington State, and thence to
Washington, D. C, returning here in a
month and a half on his way back to
Sydney. He will address the Chambers of
Commerce of Portland ahd Seattle and
probably of Chicago, by all of which he
has been invited to speak.
• — ♦— •
"THE CALL" CHOSEN.
It Is Blade the Official English Organ
of the Pacific Turn
Bezirk.
The Grand Bezirks Turnfest of the Pa
cific ' Turn , Bezirk will be held at Santa
Cruz August 8, 9, 10 and 11.
. The Turnfest, ': which represents : 2000
actual members and 3000 friends, has made
The Call the. official v English-speaking
organ ; of : the society. Alfred Metzger,
agent, has to notified the societies in San
Francisco (10), San' Jose (3), Stockton (1)
Marysville (1), Oakland (3), Napa(l), Los
Angeles (3). v ■;, : , . - " , : v
• A special train for the scene of the turn
fest will leave the narrow-gauge depot on
Saturday, the Bth prox., at : 4:45 p. m., and
on Sunday, the 9ih, at 7:45 and 8 a.m.
Tickets, good until August 15. may be had
only from Louis Mark us, 401 Kearny street.
. — ■* — •
Cheerful Workers' Gift.
Just as the kindergartens of the Golden Gate
Association are about to open — forty ol them—
a valuable gift in the way of clothing for the
needy little ones has been sent to Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper, the president of the association. It
came from a society cnlled the Cheerful
Workers;, who meet twice a week and sew the
entire day. These Cheerful Workers have fur
nished the material and made 120 nice, com
fortable garments, including dresses, aprons
undercloihiug of all kinds und many puirs of
good stockings. All this clothing will" be given
where it is most needed.
DOBBERTIN'S
"KISS OF DEATH."
His Latest Group Is Now
Standing Finished in
His Studio.
SKETCHED IN A NIGHT.
The Idea Came to Him at a
High Jinks of the Press
Club.
IS FULL OF DEEP MEANING.
Declared by All to Be a Most Beauti
ful and Artistic Crea
tion.
Ott3 Doboertin, sculptor, has created
bis masterpiece. It is called by him the
"Kiss of Death." A singular feature of
the affair is that the idea came to him
one night at a high jinks of the Press
Club.
He denies that the Press Club was
wholly responsible for the stimulus to his
imagination, but says the spirit was upon
him when he first attended those mys
terious festivities of a whole moon ago.
Then, he says, the desire for artistic crea
tion became so strong in him that
he left the esoteric rites about midnight
and betook himself to his studio, where he
labored feverishly on a shapeless mass of
wet clay until long after the sun had
arisen of ihe following day. When he
rested he saw before him the first sketch
of his masterpiece, the "Kiss of Death."
Since then he has labored fourteen days
in building up a half life-sized composi
tion of the idea thought out that night.
The composition work is done, and the
strong lines of the subject are beautifully
portrayed. Now remains the delicate
touches, the infinitesimal chips of the
chisel that briug out the complete con
ception.
The work shows a yonth closely clasped
in the embrace of a sphinx. His lips meet
hers in the act of kissing. A lyre in his
right hand seems on the point of falling
from his grasp, while laurel leaves that
before formed a wreath on his head now
lie scattered at his feet. The face of the
sphinx is that of a beautiful woman, but
sensual and passionate. Her body is that
of a lioness, and is crouched upon a rock.
The fore paws clasp the body of the youth.
The work is an epitome ot the history of
love. The ideal conquered by the mate
rial. The poet conquered in the moment
of his highest aspiration by the love of
tbis world.
The poet has looked toward the sphinx,
and the look has cost him his life. His
lips find hers, his lyre falls and he ex
periences the kiss that meant death to
those lofty serener thoughts of solitude.
"I sketched it in a single night," said
Mr. Dobbertin, "the thought came upon
me so ttrong. It is the conquest of art by
the animal love oi the world. Ah— the
sohinx — her face expresses the whole mys
tery of it. The poet is making the last
effort for freedom, but he is caught and
drawn down when he leasts expect* it.
As my friend Sanchez says, 'Life without
art is life without heart.' Here is life and
art to the uttermost, but art lost in life.
It typifies a sacrifice on the altar of the
world."
BOTH WANTED THE DOG,
A Bitter Legal Fight Over a
Canine in Justice Barry's
Court.
The Anircal Went to Either of the
Litigants and the Court Was
Puzzled.
"Here, Sport! Here, Sport!"
"Come, Sandy ! Here, Sandy !"
"Gentlemen—"
"Here, Sport. See that, Judge, how he
comes to me."
"Nice old Sandy; knows his master,
does he?"
"Your Honor, I object—"
"Bow, wow, wow."
These and other expressions, human
and canine, would hay« formed a portion
of the record of Justice Barry's court yes
terday had a stenographer been an adjunct
to the tribunal, but as it was a very few of
them found their way into Judge Barry's
notebook.
Henry Payne was suing Stephen Case
nelli for tbe possession of a bright, intelii
gent-looking spaniel, both the parties
claiming to have raised the dog and to
know every spot on his wriggling body,
whue the canine complicated matters by
acknowledging both owners.
irooa the appearance of the courtroom
all of Ran Bruno was present to support
one side or the other. Michael Higgins
appeared with the dog, who was called
Sport by Payne and Sandy by Caaenelli,
and then the swearing began.
Both of the principals identified the dog
positively, and each was supported by a
dozen ot equally positive witnesses. In
an unguarded moment Judge Harry had
the custodian of tne beast lead him to the
front and commanded both litigants to
call him and see which he would answer.
He had reason to regret his action
within a moment, for the succession of
yells and shouts that arose from the op
posing factions drowned even the frantic
hammering of his gavel, and the dog, to
complicate matters, rushed first to one
and i.hen the other, showing equal affection
for both.
Under the circumstances the court took
the matter under advisement, bis remarks
leading to the belief that tbe defendant
would get the benefit of the doubt.
HAYWARDS WEDDINGS.
Rev. K. E. Wenk Explains tbe Manner
In Which They Took
Place.
Tbe following self-explanatory com
munication from Rev. R. E. Wi»nk of
Haywards in reference to certain mar
riages performed by him recently was
received yesterday :
I performed the marriage ceremony for Her
bert S. Bradley and Honors Brannan, both of
Oakland, and on Juiy 22 I did a like ser
vice for Oscar W. Seaton and Ida S. Paterson
of San Francisco. In both instances h license
properly issued Mas produced, all questions
were satisfactorily answered, and a suitable
number of reputable witnesses were present.
There was nothing secret or suspicious, nor
wns there any request that reporters be not
informed.
In each case I stated that I would have the
marriages properly recorded and published,
which I did the uext day. 1 have not been ap
plied to by any other parties from Oakland or
dan Francisco recently to perform the mar
riage ceremony. K. E. We>'K,
Pastor Metnodist Episcopal Church, Hay
wards, Cal.
EARLY HOURS DEMANDED
Dry-Goods Men Assign Reasons
for Six O'Cicck Closing
on Saturdays.
Call for a Mass-Meeting— Aid Will Be
Asked of the Ladies' Benev
olent Societies.
The Dry-goods Men's Early Closing As
sociation held its second regular meeting
at K. R. B. Hall, corner Mason and O'Far
rell streets, last night. The room was
packed with members, and great enthusi
asm developed during the progress of the
meeting over the early closing movement.
At the last session of the organization a
committee was apnomted to wait on the
directors of the Emporium and request
them to close their dry-goods department
at 6 o'clock on Saturday evenings. This
committee reported that such had been
done, but, being unable to see the di
rectors, it had conferred with William D.
Harper, the general manager.
The latter was quoted aa being in favor
of the idea, but informed the committee
that they would be obliged to send in a
written communication to the directors,
stating their desire and the reasons there
for.
This they reported they had done, but
as yet had received no answer, whereupon
they were requested again to wait upon
the directors and if possible to obtain a
definite answer.
The communication sent to the Em
porium directors states that smaller firms
and corporations will follow their lead in
closing at 6 p. M. Saturdays, and states
that nothing will be lost by so doing, as
purchasers will make it a point to do all
their shopping prior to 6 o'clock if all
stores close at that hour.
Various members suggested different
ways of proceeding to effect a closing.
Among them was the idea of making an
appeal to the Native Daughters, Women's
Relief Corps, Daughters of the Revolution
and Kindred organizations to buy no goods
of dry-goods firms working their employees
till 10 o'clock Saturday evenincs. This
suggestion met with a noisy and unani
mous approval.
A committee on permanent organization
was appointed as follows:
P. Slattery. of the Maze; J. Clarkson, of
Hale Brothers; J. Roberts of Kohlberg,
Strauss & Frohman; D. 8. Costello, of J.
J. O'Brien's, and M. Cousins, employed in
the White House.
A resolution to make the temporary of
ficers permanent was defeated on the
ground that they were all employed by
the same establishment and the "officers
should be distributed among the various
firms.
It was resolved that after permanent or
ganization bad been established a mass
meeting should be held at which well
known citizens should be asked to speak
for and encourage them in the attainment
of their expectations.
The Dry-goods Men's Early Closing As
sociation is really a reorganization, the
first body having been organized about
four years ago. At that time tney real
ized their hopes in securing the consent
of all firms to close their doors early Sat
urday evenings.
Broke a Big Window.
At 11 o'clock Wednesday night two men en
gaged in a fight on Montgomery street and one
hurled a rock at the other. The rock missed
the mark and crashed through a large plate
gloss window in Hart Bros.' tailoring estab
lishment at 116 Montgomery street. The noise
caused considerable excitement for a time.
The two men escaped in the darkness after
being pursued for two blocks by Policeman
Holmes.
NEW TO-DAT.
School-
Shoes—
The kind/^\
that a re\\*7|) .
easy " on • the^ryi'
feet. " > Keep : ?7 / V^**\
the feet f-A : f£^t\
comfortable T^\ i^m..'
and the head ; V^-n-Jl^*
cool, make
lessons : a s^/ N: vCr\
pleas c : Off li \s.
and recess a « o^ c J^\ jw
time of de- >_. ' ° yf- ***% if
light. X ° « \4SJ?
Great sale r^ o ,^
this week of - P "H *"'f
school shoes A I A
for Misses, • / V -V \\v\
Boys and s i t^J \J#
Children. \WWl\\\\\rU\ X
Also, un- P M\W
approach- • l> v LJX xPi
able bar- JTV JLA
gains in *£ » \'[ &r
Ladies' Oxfords
j And Southern Ties.
An opportunity like this comes to
you seldom enough ; when it does,
grasp it. , :- : ,
The Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes 6:30 P. M. Saturdays 10 P. M.
■■111111 l lII|II—BMMMM——M— ■— ■
' ' ■ • SEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. ; .v
AT HALF VALUE AND LESS
TO FORCE THEM OUT
BEFORE STOCK-TAKING!
• .!■'"' ' — .
In pursuance of our efforts TO REDUCE OUR SPRING AND
SUMMER STOCK TO THE LOWEST POSSIBLE LIMIT before
taking our annual inventory we select the following lines and offer
them FOR IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE
AT MERCILESS REDUCTIONS TODAY!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
-'■•-' - -^Jt 1O; Ocs3a.t;aß.
87 pieces 36-INCH FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS, reduced from 25c to 10c a yard.
-A.t IS Cents.
63 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTINE SUITING, mottled effects, reduced
. from 40c to 15c a yard. , .
j&.t 135 Cents.
71 pieces 39-INCH ENGLISH MOHAIR SUITING, in graya, tan and blue effect*,
. reduced from 65c to 25c a yard. .
SILKS SILKS ! SILKS!
At 4O Cents a, Yard.
1200 yards BLACK FIGURED SATIN AND TAFFETA SILK, former price 760. Will
be closed out at 40c a yard. • ■
At SO Cents a "S*A.xrd..
1000 yards BLACK SATIN with colored figures, former price $1, will be closed out at
50c a yard.
■ At 68 Cents a Tard.
500 yards FANCY PLAID TAFFETA SILK, extra heavy quality, former price $1,
will be closed out at 65c a yard. ■"»'.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At SO Cents.
75 pieces 44-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FIGURED ENGLISH SATIN SOLEILS,
marked down from $1 to 50c a yard.
.At 6S Cents.
20 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FIGURED SCOTCH CHEVIOT, marked down from
$1 to 55c a yard. * ,
WASH GOODS WASH GOODS!
SHIRRED CREPON SEERSUCKERS, the real woven article, reduced from ) K^
12^cyard to f DC
IMPORTED ORGANDIES; wide, fine and handsome, reduced from 20c to.. ) "!()/»
THE GOOD-GRADE WIDE-WIDTH PERCALES, broken lots, all desirable, ) 71 rt
that were 12>£c yard, reduced t0................ ) I2v
DOMESTICS! : DOMESTICS!
10-4 NICE WHITE BLANKETS, that were 85c a pair, reduced to ) XX«
WHITE SHAKER FLANNEL, close weave and warm, that was 10c yard, I K rt
reduced to \ OG
WHITE BEDSPREADS, for three-quarter beds, reduced from 75c t0........ » A" (*
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
. - At 13 Cents. <^ ' ■-"*■' >r- - . ■ ■
85 dozen SEAMLESS NATURAL GRAY WOOL HALF HOSE, regular price $3 a
dozen, will be offered at 15c a pair. . t< ; v
-A.t 1O Cexxts.
200 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED-BORDER HEMSTITCHED "
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 10c.
J^jt ~SO Cents. .-; ! ■ ■ - ■• ■ ■••■.•
85 dozen LATEST-STYLE CUSTOM-MADE UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS, with
colored bosom and detachable cuffs to match, regular price 90c, will be closed out
At DvC*
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
.At 25 Cents a. JE*a.±-r.
175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double
knees, high-spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf blacit, worth 40c, will be closed out
at 25c a pair. . •
'.'* At 25 Cents a Pair.
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, made with unbleached feet,
i double heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, worth $5 per dozen, will be closed out at
25c a pair. " . i
CAPES, SUITS AND SKIRTS!
-At 51.90. ;■::•.•■; *■)
LADIES' CAPES, made of light tan cloth, prettily braided, ruche neck, lined through-
out with light blue, worth $6, reduced to $1 90 each. •
At da. eo.
85 LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-breasted Reefer and Skirt, made of black
and navy cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50, will be closed out at $3 90
each.
"•%■&*; r: At A 2.45. .
LADIES' BL.ACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, finished with bias
velveteen, worth $5, will be closed out at $2 45 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At SO Cents. ;
LADIES' 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in white, with black and self-embroidered backs
regular value $1, will be closed out at 50c a pair. "" f
: ... ' , -A.t SS Cents. . .
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black, worth regular
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair. °
Ast 73 Cents. •
LADIES' 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered on back
(}:;.'■ colors, red, tan, brown, navy and mode, also black, worth regular $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c a pair.
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
A.t SO Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria/value 85c, will be closed out at 50c.
At 61. 00. .
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black satin (lined), value $1 50, will be closed out at $L
HANDKERCHIEFS! HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 1O Cents Haoh.
360 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE . LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price 25c each, will be closed out at 10c each.
A.t IS Cents Eaoli, '. ; .
240 dozen LADIES' SHEER WHITE LaWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $3 50 per dozen, will be closed out at 15c each.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS !
A.t 3O Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT i WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and
stripes, worth 75c, will be closed out at 30c each.
At SO Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales, stripes and checki, bishop
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each. ;
At 7O : Cezxts.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good percale,
regular price |l 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
GARNITURES AND pRNAMENTS!
\ We will close out our entire stock .of this season's" NEW DRESS GARNITURES
at about half regular prices. -
SK^» Our^entire accumulation of REMNANTS and all BROKEN LOTS
IN L V c S CrlPtl ° n WIU b ° PlaCed on sale THIS DAY at MERELY
g M/M^^^ MURPHY BXTILDINQt /
(/(/ Marts! Slriißl, toner oi Jtui /
dHsl ,*b\ TW "171^31 .A. *SW nil ■■