VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 49.
JOY REIGNED SUPREME IN THE VALLEY OF THE OLD MILL
JAeppy Smiles Ceased Jlway tbe _ Threatening Frown of .Mount Tamalpais, the Ppide of JAarin.
Cavernous Abysses Were Radiantly Illumined in .Mimicry of an Jletive K,ilauea.
Down the Seenie Railway Roared and Blazed a Lava-Laden Train.
.HJIPPY
JVIEN AND WOMEN
ENJOYED
THE PJJGEJI.NT. t
Th' Old Yill Was Tranifomtd by Pyrotechnic. The .Ancient .Water-Wheel Han -Fallen Into Decay, but a Massive Wheel'of Fire Supplied the Lohl
MILL VALLEY night; a night
among the redwoods in the val
ley of the mill. Yesterday
evening as the shadows herald
ing the setting of the sun and
the approach of darkness stole gently over
the picturesque coast of Marin an old mill
which had Jain silent, crumbling and
rusting for decades in a little deserted
ravine awoke from its long slumber and
once more the wheel turned round and
round. '
Hound and round it went. It was not
the same wheel . that was placed beneath'
the now' decaying roof by tne hands of
sturdy pioneer.- nearly sixty years ago;
furthermore the miiirace was dry. The
Bin am of water which used to dash and
foam, against the. heavy paddles, in the
day« when a waste of barren sand dunes
marked the location on which 'San Fran
cisco now stands, been turned forever
from its ancient source. But what matter
these things? It was' Mill Valley's gala
ni-rlit. Past days were forgotten and to
the laughter of maids, the jesting of men
and the merrymaking of thousands of
£ues:s the old mill spent : its last hours of
activity, 2 its last moments of usefulness.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the booming of
cannon marked the arrival of the first
special train.
Suddenly, as if the satanic forces of a
mighty eruption had rent the earth, red
names, apparently emanating from the top
most .peak jof old Tamalpais, lit up the
festal; scene. It was an inspiring sight.
A second boom ol the cannon echoed and
-echoed, and the cozy valley surrounded
by gentle bills-was bathed in crimson
rays of fire. Far up on the hill stood the
director, A. A. Martin, a veritable Me
phisto. , He was anxious that the illumina
tion should be a success, and a success it
was.
Mount Tamalpais flamed and belched
forth a faithful reproduction of
Sicily's horror, jEtna. A train, con
sisting of an engine and several
cars, was sent scorching down the scenic
railway. Red tire was burned along the
entire distance of the trip, and appeared
to be a stream of lava flowing down the
mountain -sides from the active volcano
above. The little valley looked not un
like a blooa-red sea. 
Hale-mau-rnau's live man of molten
lava, bubbling craters and hissing steam are
tbe mighty, tbe sublime in nature, and one
could . almost scent its sulphuric- vapors
and imagine that he was standing on the
brink of that boiling caldron. * Ravines
widened in the glare of red and assumed
the proportions of yawning chasms.
, Sprightly, young . women in ' gowns of
snowy white moved hither and thither
among the trees'" and down' the wooded
lanes, accompanied by devoted valiants in
holiday attire, and in the light of the burn
ins Vesuvius appeared like spectral things,
uneasy and unearthly.* But there was noth
ing supernatural hovering in or around the
carnival pcene. How different was the
spectacle when the imagination was mi
P ded in its riotous course. These ap
parent waves of fire and crimson lava were
only the work of Mill Valley ingenuity".
These changing lights of varied hues were
lanterns gracefully suspended from green
foliaged redwoods 'and fragrant pines,
which, as the zephyrs swayed them, nod
drd and beckoned to the merry guests.
Preparations for the illumination of the
mill were concluded and the early comers
waited patiently for the opening of Mill
The San Francisco Call.
Valley's festival. Crowds hurried toward
the old mill.
Full, well they knew that with the close
of the carnival Marin's treasured land- j
mark, the little brown Jog structure, after j
which had been named not on!y a little
city, but an entire valley, would forever !
remain silent, until the action of winter j
rains and summer winds had crumbled it I
into atoms.
It was not long before two other special
trains packed with passengers came to a
standstill at Mill Valley, and then noth
ing was necessary to inaugurate the fete
but the nod of the director.
They had not long to wait, however, as
promptly at G:3O p. m. the swi^h of rockets
and the bursting of star bombs high above
the lofty redwoods marked the opening
scene of the carnival.
Every one was contented ; every one was
pleased. The good-natured crowd jostled
and skurried past one another in their
anxiety to see all that was happening and
all that was to happen.
A slight rumbling notified the visitors
that the mill had made its first turn for
many years. It turned and creaked mer- |
rily, but the buzz of the saw, the shouts of
the woodmen and the sound of the ax
were all absent.
It was making a heroic effort to uphold
the reputation it bad earned many years
ago, but appeared to almost feel that all
was not as it should be.
At last a torch was applied to' the fuse
leading to tne fireworks attached to the
wheel. It buzzed faster and faster. Red, i
green, blue and white flame sizzled and
bombs exploded. The powder had done
its work in a few minutes, and the mill
was doomed to everlasting inactivity.
A WOODLAND THEATER..
Something About the Picturesque
Entertainment by the Mill Val
ley Country Club.
The Mill Valley Country-Club could not
have chosen a more picturesque spot for a
theatrical performance. It was a natural
theater among the trees. For gallery
posts there were the tall, straight trunks
of slender redwoods, for a proscenium
arch curved branches and for a roof lofty
boughs, frescoed, in the afternoon, with
spots of sunshine darting back and forth
across the undulating dome.
There was a weirdness, too, about this
theater of nature not possessed by any
other place in the vicinity. It could be
both seen and felt. The thick trees and
foliage shut out the lignt of day. It was
as trloomv there almost as any cavern of
old Mount Tatnalpais. Fancy ran to "Rip
Van Winkle" and hobgoblins. One almost
expected to see the littie dwarfs with
balls and pins spring out from behind the
trees and start a- game of tenpins. The
only thing lacking was the light of the
moon, the will-o'-the-wisp and the echoing
laughter. Instinctively one looked around
for the sleeping Kip and his faithful dog.
But however strong Fancy's winps may
be and to whatever heights she soars she
must return to earth and things that are
real. In this instance Fancy bad her
underpinning knocked oat by the carpen
ter's hammer busy in the construction of
a stage between a group of redwoods at
one side, and by exclamation* of delight
from the many sppctators.
The prospective or the stage was black,
and in the center a curtain that was per
fectly white made a pleasing contrast.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 19, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
In the Sylvan Theater There Wepe .Many Brilliant Scenes and Jill Obeyed the Sway of
Pleasure's Wand.
The orchestra below was inside a division
of blue. Aloft in the trees and in front of
the stage perched a platform for the cal
cium lights, with a ladder loading up to
it as to Joaquin Miller's home among the
trees. The ground was the floor of this
natural theater, and it sloped dovn gently
toward the ptage. Little nooks hidden
away among the trees invited to whispered
tete-a-tetes in . :ic s«'HH.,,«.nd there were
ottwr '■uf-iIJ i«fata out In tk« --p lor. *r
enough to e«at twenty persons. Around
the whole was & high board fencs octa
gonal in shape.
The evening programme »t the theater
was as beautiful anu romantic as a night
in the forest could be. Though the moon
light was lacking in the sky, it was sup
plied on the stage. Added to it were the
accessory chorus of soft music and a large
and enthusiastic audience under the trees.
Those who were able to secure the rustic
seats founa themselves unable to occupy
them owing to the great crowd and jam
in the theater of the trees.
Tne entire audience stood up during the
whole performance. In order to gain ad
ditional vantage ground some of the ladies
stood ugon the backs of the rustic seats.
Though the sfty was shut out by the
foliage an empyrean effect was furnished
by the stereopticon on the large white
curtain of the stage which served as . a
screen.
Here there were clouds, forests, water,
moonlight and castles, and across then
sky floated visions of angels carrying cher
ubs in their arms, angels scattering roses
upon the earth, angels with harps, singinc
anthems, twinkling stars and all the deep
blue mysteries of apace.
From these the programme toot a turn
to things more of the world worldly.
There was the dancing-girl, in her lam
bent robes; the living picture against a
background of black, with, a calcium-light
thrown on it; Noble Mercury, the messen
ger of the gods on high Olympus,
flying on wings swift as light
through the vault of the sky; brave
Phil Sheridafl riding to Winchester,
"twenty miles away"; the pathetic song,
"Only Me," which seldom fails to touch,
the sympathy and- stir the piilse of
the most apathetic and cynical ; an
excellent quartet, which sang touch
ing ballads and plantation songs;
numerous mechanical slide*, which
delighted the small boy and brought forth
numerous "ahs"' from the older specta
tors, invisible, draftsmen in chalk, water
falls, balloon ascensions, castles in the air
and on the nioun tains, Romeo, making a
passionate appeal to Juliet in the same
old story '< ever new, and"' the" Whole inter
spersed with exclamations of I surprise and
delight. Over the whole audience and
all over flashed brilliant calcium lights in
j various colors. - ,"J '^ z , ; , -'.'*> \ ".■>. ; V * '-JlV.\
! The theatrical n entertainment was ; jjfi- :
culiar'.y vaudeville,* and the > programme
in detail was as follows: i . » . ~ > £5 v .*'«■.' -. . i
. Overture, Palace Hotel band; 1 stereopticon,
(a) Sheridan's; (6) Mechanical slides; (c) Flight'
of Heronry; living picture. Mercury; Emily
Hoffman; son* and dance, Flora Brig
tol; mas re, Press Club quartet; picture,-'
Springtime 'of Love; serpentine dance, Irene
Cook; stereopticon, : (a)" Mule * upon the
deck; (6) "Ship of.;'- Faith ;^"(c) Rubin- 1
stein; living pictured^fTrhV Love" ; t butterfly
dance, t Irene 1 Cook and Flora 1 Bristol ; living ;
1 picture, "Cupid on the Watch,"' Georgie Leslie;
music, Press Club Quartet; living picture,
•'The Fates"; stereopticon, (a) Mechanical
Slides, (6) Dissolving Views, (c) Invisible
Draughtsman. '
Miss Bristol, in her singing and dancing
specialties, and the Press Club quartet
met with prolonged encores. Nearly every
number on the programme was encored.
GUESTS AT COTTAGES.
List of People Who Accepted Invl- '
tations to View the
Carnival.
The cottages at Eastland were all gayly I
decorated with lanterns and some had ad- '
(iitional decorations of ferns and ever- [
greens.
Windmiller cottage on Throckmorton
avenue — Occupied by Mr. and Mrs. G. H.
Walker, who entertained Mr. aud Mrs.
J. A. Perry of Petal urns, Mrs. J. A. I
Wriirht, Miss Tottie Wright, Miss Artie !
Wright, Mi~s Lizzie Wright, Pearl Walker }
and Willie Walker, all of San Francisco.
Magee cottage — Occupied by Mr. and I
Mrs. Roger Magee aud family, who enter- '
tamed Mrs. James Devine and Mrs. F. j
Brouson of San Francisco.
Cottage— Occupied by Mr. and Mrs. C. j
K. Graham and family of San Francisco, j
who entertained Mrs. Ber«evin, Miss Ber
gevin, Miss Dillon, Miss Hanna Augus
tine and Miss Louisa Chubb.
Camp Chili Pepper— Occupied by P. W. ;
Nahl and family, W. H. Hinchman, Mrs. !
A. M. Baker, Miss Mary K. Wood, Am
brose Snow, R. W. Aiastick and family, J. j
R Gill and Miss Bird Ellsworth, who en- i
tertained John Ro?seter, John Halton, i
Charles Egbert. W. B. Miller, W. D. j
Howe, A. D. Pariser, James Geary, Clar
ence Howlarid! George Lougergan, Dan \
O'Connell, Andrew Griffin, W. H. Morri- I
son and Henry Raschen, all of San Fran- j
cisoo.
Madrona" cottage — Occupied by the fol
loving San Francisco boys, who call them- i
selves Madrones: W. J. O'Brien, J. C. <
Muhe, George J. Knox, Charles A. Doury, i
George A. Christiansen, C. E. L. Hilde
brecbt, George Devine, George W. Elias,
Fred Kroger and E. Knox, who enter
tained George T. S. Wight, W illiam Kelly,
David Lane, Mr. King, Mr. Lewis, Miss
Milton and Miss Meyer of Sausalito; Mr.
Kellogg of Alameda; Miss Harrisse, Miss
.Gearon and Miss Mullen of Millwood; Mr.
and Mrs. iloffen of Mill Valley, and John
Coonoy ana William Hallet of San Fran- '
Cisco.
Evaron cottage— Occupied by Mr. and
Hn. H. J. Katzenbacb and family, who i
entertained Mrs. Long and family, Mr.
and Mrs. C. A. Janssen and family, F.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Katzenbach and Miss Bessie Katzen
bach, all of San Francisco.
Avondaie cottage— Occupied by E. Ward
aud family, who entertained Misa Mar
guerite Reardin and Mrs. Firman Nepirt
| anu family, of San Francisco.
Two-stoiy cottage— Occupied by Mr. and
Mrs. Ben Newman and family of San
Francisco.
Hazelcroft cottage — Occupied by the
Misses Patterson, Edward Kerr and Miss
Sally Kerr.
Newton cottage — Occupied by G. N.
Folker and family, who entertained Mrs.
Van Meter of Alameda, Mrs. M. Kraker
and Mr. and Mrs. A. Eldridge of San
Francisco.
Nil Desperandum cottage— Occupied by
Mrs. W. Jeannicke and famiiy of San
Francisco.
Cottage— Occupied by Mr. and Mrs. W.
Sperry and family and Mr. and Mrs. T.
O'Connor and family of San Francisco.
Rev. Mr. Ray's cottage— Occupied by
Mr. and Mrs. E. Kaufmann and Miss Til
lie Gilfillan.
Good E. One cottage— Occupied by
Mr. and Mrs,. A. W. Wehe, Mr. an<l Mrs.
Charles Goodwin and family, of San Fran
cisco, who entertained Miss Nellie Gil
lespie, the Misses Donohue, Will Gooa
w:n, Miss Addie Stewart, James Leven
seler, Henry Buswell, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Jordan, James Tyler, Mr. Fisher,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Eckert, Mrs. Tessie
McFarland, Charles Waring, Miss Aimee
Wehe and Mrs. Sam Birney, all of San
Francisco, who concluded the evening's
entertainmant with a dance in their cot
tage.
Breezy Hill cottage— Occupied by Mr.
and Mrs. C. F. Runyon, Mi3s Runyon,
Mrs. S. M. Runyon, Fred Runyon and
Dr. E. G. Bennett.
Edgemont cottage — Occupied by F. W.
Marvin and family, who entertained Mr.
and Mrs. Louis I. Cowgill, Mr. and Mrs.
H. A. Marvin, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Peters,
Miss Sophia Sievers and Miss Matie Leon
ard.
Blink Bonny cottage— Occupied by F. F.
Bostwick and family, who entertained H.
R. Bostwick of Yokohama; H. E. Bost
wick, Mrs. C. G. Brinsmaid, Mrs. Ida
Somers, P. A. Somers, Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Forsyth, C. S. Marshall, all of San Fran
cisco; J. Allan Parsons and C. t. flow
land of Belvedere and Dr. ana Mrs. 8. S.
Bofieie of Monterey.
Hillside Cottage— Occupied by Mr. and
\ Mrs. L. I. Snow and family ol Aiameda,
w.io entertained Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
i Allyne, Miss Ediih Aliyne, Miss Lucy
; Allyne, R. Levensaler and Miss Levensaler
of San Francisco; Miss Lucy Snow, An
drew Griffin, Miss Edson, Dr. Stevens,
Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Hazlett and Mrs.
Kruger, all of Alameda.
Cottage — Occupied by Mrs. V. T. Kins
well and family of San FraDcisco, who en
tertained John King well, FranJc King
well, Vincent Kingwell, Miss May King
well, Miss Farren, John Farren, Frank
Farren, Mrs. J. J. Mone, Mi3s Mono,
George Downey, Reginald Mone, George
Christensen, George Knox, Miller Allen,
Miss Louise Hickey, Mr. and Mrs. Ponton
de Arce and James Craig, all of San Fran
cisco, and Miss Gertie Beckatt of New
York.
Inter Nos camp — Occupied by Mr. and
Mrs. L. i'iamondon, Richard Plamondon
and Miss Fannie Plamondon, of San Fran
cisco, who entertained E. O. Melcher, Miss
Eunice S. Melcher, Mr. and Mrs. Wallace
| Paulsou and daughter, Mrs. J. A. Farmer
NEW 10-DAT.
Itching"
skin
diseases
RELIEVED BY
ONE APPLICATION OF
Bpesdt Ccbx Tbbatksnt. — Warm baths .
with Cuticora Soap, gentle applications of
Cuticl'BA (ointment), and mild doses of Ctrri-
cuba Resolvent, greatest of humor care*.
•" Bold throughout the world. Price, <:tnicc»4. Site.
Soap. «c. Ktsoi.TTf.-r. MY. and *1. Porr«» D«co
Ain> CnKM- Coup.. Sole Prop*.. Boston. "
0-" How to Cure Itching Skin mailed tn*. . I
'..; '•■:.■:,'.■■■,■
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. "J
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED [
OVERALLS AND. SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
0 Are made of tho best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT, GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
I " ~ ~~- ' ' ■
2EI N D for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free ■
of charge. -
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS : LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
CALIFORNIA. P2
and family, Louis Haven and Hiss Mabel
Ware, all of San Francisco, Cal.
Waldrune cottage— Occupied by G. Mar
ens and family, who entertained Dr. W. A.
Bryant and Mrs. Bryant, A. Beckett and
Ernest Strong of San Francisco, Mrs. A.
Marcus of New York and August Lapfjseer
of Wiesbaden, Germany.
HER FIRST CARNIVAL.
Mill Valley's Effort* Crowned With
Success— The Committee Which
Arranged the Fete.
Although almost every city and town in
California has had its many carnivals last
evening's fete at Mill Valley was the in
itial effort of the citizens of that
picturesque village. "A Mill Valley
Night" was a success, both socially and
financially. The people who had the mat
ter in charge are :
Press committee— F. F. Runyon, Thomas Fot
trell.
Promotion commutes — Thomas F. Kelly
(chairman), Wheeler Martin, Roger Magee, J.
11. Mclnnes, Hugh McCrura, E. W. Strain, Cap
tain Staples, Carl Mayer, C Grethel, J. B. Har
ries, J. F. Logan, A. Michalitscbke, A. J. Hart,
B. K. Michaels, William P. Tipping, W. W.
Marvin, William, Haker. George Warnock. P.
F. Ferguson, M. O'Shaughnessy, L. Eloesser.
Ladies' Auxiliary, decoration committee —
Mrs. T. r\ Kelly (chairman), Mrs. J. B. Mackie,
Mrs. William Terry, Mrs. R. D. Magee. Mrs.
Albert Huenisch. UK Max Koerner, Mrs. C.
Toohey, Mrs. Wheeler Martin, Mrs. A. C. Hinz,
Miss Thompson, Mrs. J. B. Harries.
Transportation— C. F. Runyon, F. W. Marvin.
Finances— Thomas H. Reynolds, Daniel E.
Hayes, Lovell White.
Advertising— D. G. Bennett, F. F. Bostwlck.
Admission— Albert Heunlsch, D. G. Bennett.
Refreshments— L. L. Janes, William McCann.
Executive committee — Arthur A. Martin
(chairman), Lovell White, Tnomis H. Rey
nolds, D. G. Bennett, A. Heunisch, James Cos
tlgan, I). E. Hayei, G. Marcus, Charles F. Run
yon, E. L. Hunter, L. L. Janet, F. F. Bostwick,
Judge Fottrell, F. W. Marvin. William Mc-
Cann.
Reception committee— C. Toohey (chairman),
J. C. Spencer, Dr. Barkan, Jay Cullen, V. King
well Sr., O. Schneider. G. Schroeder, H. C.
Bridges, George F. Billings, Henry Bingham,
O. E. Falch, Max Koerner, H. H. Wainwright,
A. Muntz, C. C. Hughes, F. Kruse.
Order and safety committee — John Francis
Magner (chairman), L. L. Janes, E. E. Gray,
William Watson, Jacob Gardner, M. F. Machado
and M. Fitzglbbons.
Decoration committee— Alonzo Coffin (chair
man), A. D. Avery, P. J. Sullivan, G. T. Marsh.
A. Warner, John Rea, J. Dollar, John L. Cahill,
A. RoulHer, Max Schmidt, W. E. Weaver, A. C.
Hinz, Joseph E. Grant, H. G. Connor, C. Bey
fuss, George Dillman, Asmus Hansen, J. A.
Thompson, Charles J. Down, William H. Mil
ler, J. B. Harries and Hillar Allen.
Arrangements have been made for late
trains and boats to carry back those
guests who care to remain later than mid
night.
HANDLING THE CROWD.
Three Special Trains Carried the
Carnival Guests to Their
Destination.
Three special trains, chartered by the
Mill Valley Country Club, carried the
carnival guests from San Francisco, San
Rafael and way stations. The first train
to arrive carried several hundred people
from San Rafael.
Red fire was burned at various points
along the road, the demonstration being
cheered lustily by the enthusiastic pas
sengers.
The second and third trains from Sausa
lito carrying passengers from San Fran
cisco arrived shortly. Mill Valley
Country Club then formed in line. at the
depot and the march to the old mill reser
vation began.
They maae quite a striking appearance.
All were dressed in the club's official cos
tume — white u'uck^trousers, white sweat
ers with the club emblem, a star and
crescent, emblazoned on the breast, blue
coat and dark hat. Tne younger mem
bers of the organization were out in force,
but some of the older members preferred
to mingle with the crowd, without cos
tume.
Owing to the efforts of tbe law and order
committee, a number of San»alito con
stables and a detail of San Francisco po
lice, the large crowd was well handled
and ail disturbances were avoided. In
anticipation of a certain undesirable ele
ment taking advantage of the opportunity
and visiting Mill Valley the law and or
der committee provided several rather pe
culiar jails.
A number of boxcars were sidetracked
for the accommodation of all rough char
acters, but fortunately they were not
needed. Tne return trips of fhe various
trains, which left the scene of the festival
at 11 p. m., were without startling incident
or accompanied by serious accident.
Xational Hifle Shooting.
LONDON, Exg., July 18.— At the shoot
ing of the National Rifle Association at
Bisley to-day the trophy was won by
Scotland. In the contest for the Prince
of Wales' prize, of the aggregate value of
£300, ten shots each at 200 and 600 yards,
seventeen Canadians were entered. The
result of the 200 yards range was as fol
lows: Hayhurst 48, Weller 45, Hupgins
45, Ham 45, Mac Donald 44, Lieutenant
Mitchell 44. Campbell 48, Levers 43. Ogg
44, Ross 42, Mitchell 41. Ben* 41, Crowe 41.
Rating of Xavnl I'rinoner*.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 18.—Secre
tary Herbert to-day issued an order mak
ing uniform the rating of prisoners at
Boston and Mare Island. Heretofore the
ratine of prisoners at Boston and Mare
Island. Heretofore the rating of prisoners
has not been uniform, having been left to
the officer in charge of the prisoners.
Under the new order the prisoners will be
divided into three classes according to
behavior ana gives uniform reduction of
sentence for proper conduct.
The Royal Ulster Regatta.
BANGOR, Ireland. July 18.— This was
the second day of the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club's regatta. The first prize was the
rear commodore's cup, valued at £50, with
£25 added by the club; second prize £15.
The wind was variable, at times dropping
away to calms. The Ailsa won, Meteor
second, lorty minutes behind. Tbe race
for twenty-raierg was won by the Saint.
Niagara fouled the Saint at the start and
then withdrew.
Good. Cricket flaying.
LONDON. Eno., July 18.— In the crioket
match between the Australian and All-
England teams, which was begun at Man
chester Thursday, the English team tin
ished their second inning to-day with a
score of 305 runs. In their first inning
they scored 231 runs, giving the grand
total of 536. The Australians made 41fi
runs in tneir first inning, and in the se>
ond scored enough to win the game by
three wickets.
Pigeon-Shooting Contests.
HOLLYWOOD, Longßbanch, N. J., Jnly
18. — The Whalebrook handicap, fifteen
birds, $15 entrance, was shot at Hollywood
this afternoon, and was won by E. H. Gutt
chalk of Philadelphia, who killed fifteen
straight. "Count Langen" of Philadelphia
was second, with fourteen Killed, and
Messrs. McAlpin and Hooker tied for
third with thirteen each. The purse was
divided.
Mr*. Martin Sail Away,
NEW YORK, N. V., July 18.— Mrs. Mary
B. Cocbrane and Mrs. Henry Martin, both
of San Francisco, were passengers on board
the steamer Campania, which sailed for
Queenstown and Liverpool to-day.
TELLER OFFERS
BRYAN ADVICE,
Says the Nomination of
the Nebraskan Is Very
Satisfactory
AND PLEDGES SUPPORT.
Urges the Boy Orator Not to
Make Any Promises in
the Campaign.
IS WILLING TO MAKE SPEECHES
On the Whole, the Colorado Bo'.ter
Pretends to Be Pleased With
the Silver Candidate.
LINCOLN, Nebr., July 18.— Mr. and
Mr?. Bryan settled down into the quiet ol
their home life again after the excitement
of the past ten days and expect to get a
week or two of rest before the real business
of the campaign begins. Both slept late
to-day, for the long journey of yesterday
and the ordeal of last night had been very
severe. After breakfast they sat down at
the big desk in their little library and be
gan an attack on the 5000 letters and tele
grams that had been received by tbe
Democratic candidate since his nomina
tion.
These epistles were nearly ail congratu
latory in character. Among them was
the following letter from Senator Teller:
Denver, Colo.. July 15, 1896.
Hon. W. J. Bryan, Lincoln, Sebr.— Dear Sir :
I congratulate you on your nomination at
Chicago. I thin* the country is to be con
gratulated also. I need not assure you that
your nomination was more than satisfactory
to me. I think we shall be able to consolidate
all the friends of free coinage in your support,
and if we do this I believe you will be elected,
although I do not overlook the tremendous
power that will be arrayed against us in this
campaign. AH the power of money pnd organ
ized wealth, corporation! and monopolies of
all kinds will be against us. Justice is on our
side and this is tlie cause of tbe people. It is a
contest for industrial independence and for
freedom from the domination of foreign
powers and foreign capital, and it does not
seem possible that in such a contest before
tbe American people that justice should fail
and wrong prevail. Ido not believe thai we
shall fail. I think I can promise you the cor
dial support of the Western sliver men who
have heretotore acted with the Republican
party, and If you get that, I think all of tbe
Western, coast and inter-mountain States will
be with you.
I will not offer any suggestions to you save
to advise you that as you were nominated
without pledges of favor or privilege to any
one that you maintain that position and make
no pledgee or promises-, so that you may go
into the great office of President of tbe United
States without the embarrassment that fol
lows pledges and promises, even if they axe
such as may be properly carried out.
It will aSord me pleasure to place myself at
the disposition of the is ational Committee to
make speeches in your behalf as my health
will permit, where and when they think 1 will
do good. I am, very respectfully,
H. M. Teller.
Downtown headquarters have been se
cured for Mr. Bryan at the Lincoln Hotel,
and here ha will receive visiting delega
tions aud conduct most of the business re
lating to his campaign. The rooms are on
the second floor of the hostelry, and were
selected and leased by Liucoln supporters
of Mr. Bryan without his knowledge.
Much of the work of answerine cor
respondence will be attended to, however,
at his home on D street, where he will
have the assistance of Mm. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan had a number of callers to
day, principally old Lincoln friends, who
had not had the opportunity of seeing
him last night. His most important visit
ors were T. M. Patterson, editor of the
Rocky Mountain News, of Denver, and G.
M. Hitchcock, editor of tbe World-Herald,
of Omaha, Mr. Bryan's own paper. Mr.
Patterson will be one of tne Bryan work
ers at the Populist Convention in St.
Louis. He is a deleeate-at-large to that
convention from Colorado, and stopped
over at Lincoln en route to St. Louis. Mr.
Patterson assured Mr. Bryan tbat be
would get 80 per cent of ail'the votes cast
in Colorado in the Presidential contest.
The Democrats, he said, were a unit for
Bryan, and he would receive a majority of
the Populist and a large number of the
Republican votes.
Senator Teller of Nebraska, who will di
rect the effort to secure tbe indorsement
of Mr. Bryan's candidacy by the Populists
at St. Louis, is expected to call on the
nominee to-day or to-morrow. One of th«
callers to-day was G. F. Washburn of Bos
ton, a men: ber of tbe National Committee
of the Populist party from Massachu
setts. This afternoon Mr. Bryan received
the following telegram from Forsyth,
Mont.:
Four States' bimetallic and Populist delega
tions on board the train, all favorable to you.
£. Hofe, Delegate from Oregon.
IN NO HURRY NOW.
Democratic Managers Will Give
Bryan Plenty of Time to Prepare
His Acceptance Speech.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 18.— The
intimation that the Democratic managers
are not very sanguine over the success of
tbe scheme to have the notification com
mittee wait upon candidates at the Madi
son-square Garden in New York finds
strong confirmation in the fact that the
date of that important event will doubt
less be postponed. Mr. Bryan in the
ecstasy of bis triumph selected July 22 as
the date. Senator Joues, the manager of
tbe Democratic campaign, stated posi
tively this afternoon before leaving for
his home in Arkansas tnat the notifica
tion committee would probably defer its
iormal visit to the candidates until some
time in August.
"There is no hurry," said he. "We do
not expect to open our campaign lor a
little while to come." Tbe reason why
Mr. Jones is anxious for postponement is
very evident. Mr. Jones and the Democrats
who will conduct the campaign naturally
dpsire that Mr. Bryan's oration in New
York shall, if possible, eclipse the mag
nificent eloquence of his Chicago speech,
but the mediocre speeches tnat he has
bren making recently, beginning at Cen
tralia, indicate that Mr. Bryan is running
down and tnat he needs rest. It will take
Mm several weeks to prepare an address
thai can challenge the tierce criticism to
which i is New York speech will be sub
jeci»d, and Mr. Jones, therefore, wants
to cive him all the time he needs.
Moreover, Mr. Jones is by no means cer
tain that Senator Hill shall be invited to
preside over the meeting.
FOR A THIRD TICKET.
Robblns Says the Necessity Is Em
phasized by the Many Letters
and Telegrams.
CHICAGO, 111., July 18. — Summing up
the result so far of th- address issued to
the gold Democrats of the country, Henry
S. Robbins, the leader of the local move
ment, said to-day to the United Press:
"The large number of urgent letters and
telegrams received from Democrats ail
over the country emphasizes to us the ne
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
cessity and wisdom of a third ticket. Ex
cept in a few instances these are from in
dividuals. This sentiment must be crys
tallized into some kind of State o.ganiza
tion before any effective steps can be
taken toward deciding upon or calling
another convention. The sound-money
leaders of the other States should call to
gether for conference the representative
sound-money Democrats of their States,
as has been done in Missouri and Minne
sota. The question of a third ticket should
be considered from a National and not a
local standpoint.
"It is probable that at a meeting of the
executive committee Monday steps will
be taken to call a general caucus of repre
sentative gold Democrats from all States
which are so disposed, and upon the re
sult of this conference will depend the new
convention. The meeting will* be held
here."
CLEVELAND IS PRAISED.
But Alabama Democrats Disapprove
of the Platform Adopted
at Chicaaro.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., July 18.— In an
swer to a call for Democrats who disap
proved of tbe platform adopted at the
recent convention at Chicago there was a
Janre and representative meeting at the
opera-house to-night. After organiza
tion resolutions were adopted indorsing
tne Democratic State ticket and disap
proving the Chicago platform. The meet
ing adefpted with great enthusiasm this
resolution:
We approve the wise, honest and patriotic
administration of President Cleveland and we
specially commend him for his persistent aud
successful efforts to maintain the financial
honor and credit of our country.
Several speeches were made and the ref
erences to President Cleveland and Secre
tary Herbert were enthusiastically cheered.
The formation of Democratic sound-money
clubs throughout ihe State was recom
mended, and in pursuance to that one was
immediately formed for Montgomery and
a large number of names enrolled.
FOR A GOLD STANDARD.
New York Bankers Advance Many
Arguments Against Free Coinage.
NIAGARA FALL?, N. V., July 18.—
The following resolutions were adopted
to-day by the New York State Bankers'
Convention:
We declare that the bankers of this State
have no selfish or class interest in the estab
lishment of any particular kind of money as
currency, nor are we benefited as a class by
tbe maintenance of one metal as a standard to
the exclusion of others. The chartered bank
ins; institutions of the State of New York
are indebted to tbe public at large, in the
form of deposits subject to check, in
the sum of $1,894,000,000, while the pub
lic are indebted to us, in tbe form of
loans and discounts, in tbe sum of $1,261,000,
--000. Being debtors in this very large amount,
with our payable* largely exceeding our re
ceivables, we believe the part of wisdom and
the part of honor for the United States is to
maintain the present gold standard of value.
AYe believe it would be criminal folly to break
away from tbe most advanced and civilized
nations to join China and Mexico upou the
silver basis. In all countries where the gold
standard prevails both gold and silver circu
late as money. In all the countries where the
silver standard prevails there Is no gold in cir
culation as money. The free coinage of «llver
means the repudiation of 50 per cent of in
debtedness.
ThU would be true only of existing debts.
The sagacious instinct of trade would Cor
rect this wrong as to future contracts by
doubling the price of commodities. Hence the
free colaage ol silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
means a great inflation of prices without any
increase of Values. Just In p-oportion to this
inflation would the purchasing power of a dol
lar be increased. It mean a silver basii and
silver monometallism. It means that the
mass of gold now In circulation would
go to a premium, would cease to circu
late as money and become a commodity sim
ply, whether coined or uncoined. It would
produce a violent contraction of the currency
to the extent to which gold now in circulation
ceased to circulate as money. It would not
only unsettle, but would thoroughly demoralize
business. All classes would suffer. Those
would suffer most who are least able to take
care of themselves; tbat is, ih» laboring
classes. The crushing effect upon business
would be equaled only by the demoralizing
effect upon public morals and tbe public sense
of honor, lowered and humiliated as they
would be by such an act of repudiation. We
believe it to be the duty of all good and pa
triotic citizens to unite in their efforts in pre
venting such a calamity.
We believe it to be the duty of tbe Gorern
men: to maintain tbe gold standard and pre
serve the parity of all forms of currency which
it allows to circnlate as money.
We believe this to be indispensable in order
to protect and foster the interests of our citi
zens and preserve to the United States the
paramount position which she occupies in the
sisterhood of nations.
OPPOSED TO PAYNE.
Labor Unions Do Not Relish the
Stand He Took In a Street
Railway Strike.
CHICAGO, 111., July 18.—Representa
tives of labor unions in this city talked in
an unfriendly way to-day over the ap
pointment of Henry C. Payne of Milwau
kee as the bead of the Western headquar
ters of the Republican National Commit
tee to be opened here. Tne antagonism of
the unions toward the ex-Senator is due to
the assistance he gave the Milwaukee
Street Railway corporation in its recent
fight against its striking employes. At
several labor headquarters it was reported
to-day that an effort would be made to
have some other member of the executive
committee substituted for the Milwaukee
man, who has been an active manager in
National Republican campaigns for six
teen years. The effort may take the form
of resolutions of the Central Labor organ
izations of this and other cities and a me
morial to Chairman Hanna. Mr. Payne
was in the city to-day on his way home
from Cleveland. He would not apeak on
the labor matter.
This Organ J» for Bryan.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 18.-The Bun
day Union, the Irish society organ, in its
issue to-morrow will contain an editorial
predicting Bryan's election. The editorial
further says: The Union is Democratic,
and for twenty-fire years has stood by its
guns. Even if McKinley were to win we
should oppose him ; even if Bryan were to
be beaten we should support him. The
one is a Republican, approved and com
mended by the A. P. A.; the other is a
Democrat, who denounces the A. P. A.
Conference of Bolter:
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 18.—
Senator Mantle of Montana, Senator Pet
tierew of South Dakota, Congressman
Sbafroth and i Senator Teller of Colorado
arrived at Manitou to-day; ;• A conference
was held at 8- o'clock this evening at the
Cliff Hotel, at which a draft of an address
prepared by Senator Teller was discussed
and the situation considered. They state
that nothing will be given to the public
until to-morrow.
. - ■ . ♦ — — .■'.'•-': ■ ■ '
Went Virginia I'rohibltionist*.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 18.— West
Virginia Prohibitionists in convention at
Moundsville, near here, named tbe fol
lowing ticket to-day: For Governor, Rev.
T. C. Johnson of Charleston; Attorney-
General, C. D. Merrick of Wood- County;
Auditor, George Morrow of Marion
County; Treasurer, R. H. Rutherford of
Ritchie County; for Superintendent of
Schools, Hugh Bowers of Grant County.
Cameron for McKinley.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. July 18.-A Harris
burg correspondent of the Leader has in
terviewed Senator J. Donald Cameron on
the silver question find wires nis paper
(hat Cameron has announced that he will
vote for the Republican ticket this fall and
proposes to assist the campaign of Mc-
Kinley and Hobart.
Supported. by Ihe Women.
CANTON, Ohio, July 18.— There were
few callers at Major McKiuley's residence
to-day and the day was quiet and on
| eventful. Estella Reed, Superintendent
of Public Instruction in Wyoming, called
on the major to-day and assured him cf
the support of the women of her State.
WAR-TIME LECTURERS.
What They Were Paid and What They
Talked About.
There is in the possession of a gentlemen
of this cxty, among his collection of auto
graphs, an interesting bundle of old let
ters. Holmes, Curtis, Longfellow, Wen
dell Phillipa, J. G. Holland and Bayard
Taylor are a half dozen out of the many
that lend a revitalizing touch to the yel
lowed paper and faded ink. They all per
tain to lecturing and were written during
the Civil War to the secretary of an organ
ization that had many counterparts, which
bore the titles of lyceums, young men's
associations and the liKe. Their purpose
was to lead before the public, in a course
of lectures, the lious of the day.
William H. Seward, writing from Wash
ington, pleads in excuse that "my engage
ments obliged so early a return to this
place"; "I sball be required at Washing
ton," writes Fernando Wood, and Wash
ington again claims the presence of Holt,
the judge advocate-ge.ieral whom the
trial of Lincoln's assassins brought into
prominence. Henry Winter Davis' "duties
are too engrossing." "With my present
engagements," B ays Charles Sumner, "I
dare not promise myself." Reverdy John
son's^ outlook is certain "to keep me in
work" ; Edward Everett h*s "not accepted
any invitations to speak the ensuing sea
son"; ex-President Franklin Pierce de
clines without explanations, and Wendell
Phillips, in a scrawl that speaks of more
haste than his assertion of the fact at t c
close, with a hall promise thrusts the
whole consideration of the matter a year
forward.
These men, however, were not strictly
of the lecturing phalanx that Emerson
undoubtedly led. Of those to the manner
born few were more sought after, perhaps,
than John B. Gough and Heury Ward
Beecher. Gough's agent was forced to an
nounce by circular that he was booked
for months to come, and one of Beecher's
secretaries states on the eve of the preach
er's return from his memorable trip to
England: "There is a pile of letters a foot
high waiting his arrival, all of which re
late to lectures."
Another favorite was the comedian,
James H. Hackett, who found time out
side his theatrical work for occasional
readings. He was a man of ability. He
essayed -'Rip Van W inkle" before Jeffer
son, aud the latter in his autobiography
names him first in enumerating "the most
successful comedians." He was much in
demand, but difficult to pin down to a
definite date, and there are several letters
in his nervous, old-lashioned hand aneut
his engagement in Buffalo. He was
averse to allowing these readings.to "in
terfere with my better interests eHewhere
upon the stage, which I prefer to the lec
ture-room." He makes an interesting
confession as to bis professional rewards.
He had received, it st-ems, an offer of $100
from Albany, a compensation which, he
asserts, "approached nearer to such as I
can obtain by four nights' acting upon the
stage."
It was something of surprise and with
an ungallaut impulse to count the years
that we find a firm, mature, business-like
communication from Anna Dickinson.
Buffalo she terms her "favorite stopping
place in Western New York."
Nune of these letters is perhaps valued
more than one written on dainty, mono
gramed notepaper, in the effeminate
chirograpby of Henry W. Longfellow,
"it would give me great pleasure," writes
the poet, from Nahant, "to accept your in
vitation if I ever appeared in tbe character
iof lecturer. As Ido not, I unust decline."
Two letters are by John Gilbert Hol
land. He writes a "better business letter
than most rneh of letters, and these two
pertain to business only. His subject, he
announces, will be "The National Heart."
Bayard Taylor, too, confines himself
closely to the matter in hard, in the two
letters written by him from Kennett
square. "Russia and Her People" he pro
poses as his theme.
Oliver Wendeil Holmes and George
William Curtis proved difficult fish to land ;
the correspondence of the Autocrat covers
three letters, and that of Curtis five. Cur
tis'letters in the main bear the superscrip
tion, "North Shore, Staten Island." It is
now known that this period of life was
one from which he escaped as from a
plague-ridden city, yet no hint of impa
tience is shadowed in these letters. Even
the trifling details reflect that gentleman's
attribute, the "heart of courtesy," which
this first gentleman of America so mars
edly possessed. Knowing as we do that
he found hia own path thorny, there is a
touch of irony in his subject which he
doubtless appreciated. It is entitled "The
Way of Peace."
The effort to secure Holmes was futile.
In one letter he turns for Buffalo a compli
ment which human nature ever hears with
complacency. "Nothing," asserts the doc
tor, "but tire distance is in the way. for I
assure you I always found your audiences
among the brightest and pleasantest I ever
met." His final declination is rather a
model in its way. with its genial and dis
arm ing frankness. "1 have got tripped up
at starting," he says, in breaking his en
gagement by reason of flickness. "I hate
to disappoint an audience as much as any
lecturer can. I have strong personal mo
tives for carrying out my plan for that
lecturing trip during tbat vacation. Noth
ing but necessity would have forced me to
relinquish it. and that I am sure will
prove a sufficient apology."
Tue prices paid these men are interest
ing. One hundred dollars was considered
munificent hire for a lecture by tbe asso
ciation and equally so, it is likely, in many
instances, by the lecturers. Both Gongh
and Beecher couid ask and easily get $150.
Holmes, Agassiz, Wendeli Phillips, Gen
eral Butler and Edward Everett valued
their services at $100, Bayard Taylor was
satisfied with $tfo and George William
Curtis with a modesty that is exasperat
ing, rated himself in the $50 category,
with Manton Marble, Benjamin F. Taylor,
Bishop Clark and Charles Carleton Coffin.
The subjects treated were with rare ex
ceptions pertinent to the struggle then in
progress. Thus we have "The Southern
Whites," "The State of tne Country."
"The Way of Peace," "The National
Heart" and "The Crisis of tbe Nation."
The drama of the present was too absorb
ing for interest in thines literary or philo
sophic—Buffalo Express.
Weight of American Coins.
The gold eagle weighs 270 grains. :
The $5 told piece weighs 135 grains.
The trade dollar weighs 420 grains.
The $20 cold piece weighs 516 grains. .
The 10-cent piece v weighs 41.5 grains.
- The 20-cent piece weighed 77.46 grains.
The bronze cent piece weighs 48 grains.
The gold dollar coin weighs 25.8 grains.
The cent nickel piece weighs 72 grains. .
The half-cent copper weighed 132 grains. 1
The silver 5-cent piece weighs 20.8 grains.
The ; 2-cent bronze ' piece weighed 96
grains. -.-..*■
The "dollar of our daddies" weighs 416
grains.
The common quarter of silver weighs 104
grains.
. The 3-cent silver piece weighed 12 375
grains.
The 5-cent nickel ' piece weighs 77.16
grains. ..'••'■ '■■ _j '-:'*■'■-: - ■ •;'- '; .'." '. .
The fineness of our gold coins is about
90 per cent. - .;---■ T^'BBf' ll pllWf > ffl*"'
. The old-fashioned copper cent weighed
264 grains. ..■-.■ : . ...
The quarter eagle, or $2 50 gold piece,
weighs 67}$ grains. . . ;
; The 3-cent nickel piece, now discon
tinued, weighed 30 grains.
The standard dollar weighs grains,
the half-dollar 2oß grains.— St. Louis Globe-
DemocraLTg^ggjjgg
■' •"' : — » ' » " » — ." — ..
: The Yellow Sea of China is so called
from the presence of yellow mud washed
down by the great rivers , : that empty into
its water*, .-,.-;
CALIFORNIANS ARE
AGAINST FUSION,
Eastbound Populists Will
Not Flirt With the
Democrats.
NO USE TOE MR. BRYAN.
Ready to Sustain a Movement to
Prevent the Desired In
dorsement.
TAUBENECK IS SO NOTIFIED.
Joseph Asbury Johnson Grows Poeti
cal in Discussing the Politi
cal Horizon.
PUEBLO, Colo., July 18.— On our way
to Salt Lake City last evening we were all
quite thrown into ecstasy over a most gor
geous ana yet most singular sunset. On
our left hand, eastward, we had a fine
view of that world-famous architectural
creation, the Mormon temple, and while
gazing at it and commenting upon the
genius and spirit of the remarkable people
who created it in the wilderness of that
day some one exclaimed, "Look at that
sunset!" Instantly all interest in the
temple ceased, for here in the west was a
cloud-built counterpart of it on* a grand
scale, illuminated with the dazzling and
many-hued rays of the settine sun, its
golden disc enormously enlarged in the
atmosphere hanging over the glistening
waters of the Great Salt Lake and slowly
sinking to tne horizon with the glowing
cloud-built temple sailing on its course just
aJaove it
lam sure no one needs an abnormal
imagination to see in thejgreat golden orb,
its day's good work done, the tit symbol
of the once glorious Republican party now
all turned to gold, but shorn of its life
giving heat and soon to disappear and be
come a mere memory, treasured only in
the pages of history, while in the glowing
reflex of the Mormon temple is prefigured
the great co-operative Populist temple of
liberty illuminated by light of fraternal
love and social union, and a happy
prophecy of the new era in which the can
nibal system of competition has given
place to co-operation.
A little after 9 o'clock this morning, we
entered the Grand Canyon— that noble
gallery of grandeur cut by the elements
into hundreds of castellated and pinnacled
structures and iantasue and grotesque pro
portions which we all thoroughly enjoyed,
the more so as the morning was cool and
the mountain air delightful. Turning now
to politics, I have to report that Bryan is
the idol of Utah, as we anticipated, but
Utah is a political infant of three years,
and like ail infants, it is in a state of
childish delight over its beautiful silver
bauble and stares with open mouth and
wonderin . eyes at those dreadful Populists
who fail to share its childish delight. Poor
Utah is Bryanized and hypnotized into a
state of clamorous hilarity.
At 10 o'clock our delegation held an in
formal conference. Among matters con
sidered and decided was the appointment
of Colonel Taylor Rogers, M. W. Wilkins
and your correspondent a committee of
three to teleeraph Chairman Taubeneck
to lay before the meeting of loyal Populists,
to be held on Sunday afternoon in St.
Louis, the information tnat the California
delegation is a unit against the indorse
ment of Bryan or any other candidate,
and that they will heartily sustain a
movement aimed to render indorsement
impossible. A telegram was ordered to
be sent to the National committeeman
who failed to come on from California to
send his proxy to a member of this dele
gation to be used in choosing a temporary
chairman of the National Convention who
is opposed to fusion. Your correspondent
proposed Milton Park, editor of the
Southern Mercury, Dallas, Tex., as a loyal
anti-fusion Populist of physical propor
tions and mental ability qualifying him as
an ideal chairman, and he was by resolu
tion unanimously indorsed. Little else
was done.
We have had a most enjoyable day and
once more saw a summer shower at LeaJ
ville. No topic has affordea the delegates
more hearty amusement than the charge
of our Democratic silver friends that the
goldbugs are bribing stalwart Populists to
stand by their principles and decline to
fuse with them, so no one need be sur
prised if we all return home capitalists.
Of course, such a charge draws toward
our accusers warm feelings, but of
the kind that clinches the fist inatead of
extending the glad hand. A good deal of
comment, not all complimentary to the
telegraphic news service, has taken place
over the omission of vital planks from the
proposed platform submitted by Colonel
Taylor Rogers as it appeared in the Denver
News to-day. The planks refer to Gov
ernment postal savings banks, opposition
to the issue of interest-bearing bonds, in
favor of loans by the Government to mu
nicipalities, counties and States of money
on non-interest-bearing bonds, and declar
ing void obligations made payable in any
specific coin. But then we are getting
used to such tricks practiced on Populists.
We have, at 6 p. m., arrived at Pueblo,
where we are greeted with a generous
shower of rain. We leave in an hour.
Joseph Asbury Johnson.
Charged . With Receiving Stolen Bond:
CHICAGO, 111., July 18.— Edward B.
Smith, proprietor of the roadhouse at 773
Fifty-first street, was arrested at noon to
day charged with receiving $21,000 worth
of bonds stolen from Christopher Schrage
of 711 Jefferson street on the night of
March 24. Out of $53,000 worth stolen
$27,150 have been recovered.
Jirnke TJown on the Lake.
TOLEDO. Ohio, July 18 —The steamer
Periwinkle, plying between here and Mon
roe, Mich., broke down in midlake while
on her return trip this afternoon. Tbe
200 passengers on board were badly scared
until a passing tug picked up the disabled
steamer and brought her into port.
Xorth Dakott Xatlonal Bank Fails.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 18.— The
First National Hank of Minot, N. D.,
capital $50,000. failed to-day. Bank Ex
aminer Zimmerman has been placed in
charge.
Matte an AMmirjnmint.
BOSTON, Mass., July 18.— The Hallet A
Davis Piano "Manufacturing Company of
this city made an assignment to-day to
George W. Morse and Edwin N. Kimball j
on account of failure of Western agents
owing the company Jarge amounts of )
money. The directors thought it advis- \
able that the company should make an j
assienment to protect all its creditors j
alike. The liabilities are set at $175,000. i
The assets are claimed to be more than
double that amount.
TEE CRACKER O F THE HILLS.
The Origin of the Poor Whites of the
Southern mountain Begioiig.
The notion that tbe poor white element
of the Southern Appalachian region is
identical with the poor people generally
over the country is an error, and an
error of enough importance to call for cor
rection. The poor white of the South has
some kinfollt in the Adirondack region of
New York and the Blue and Alleg any |
mountains of Pennsylvania, but he has !
few relatives any place else above the i
Mason-Dixon line. The States of New :
York and Pennsylvania were slave States
until the early part of this century.
This poor wnite mountaineer descends
direct from tho^e immigrants who came i
over in the early days of the colonies, from
1620 to dbout, or some time after, tbe Rev
olutionary war period, as '"sold passen- j
gers." They sold their services for a time \
sufficient to enable them to workout their
passage money. They were jcld, articled !
to masters, in the colonies for their board
and fixed wa»e, ana thus they earned the
cost of tneir immigration.
The laws under which they were articled
were severe, as severe as apprentice laws j
in those days. The "old passenger" vir- !
tually became the slave of tbe purchaser !
of his labor. He could be whipped if he I
did not do the task set him, and woe to the
unlucky wight if he ran away. Ha was
sure to be caught and cruelly punished.
And though he was usually a descendant
of The lowest grade of humanity on the
British Islands, he still had enough of the
Anglo-Saxon spirit about him to make him
an unsatisfactory chattel.
From 1620 forward — the year when the
Dutch landed the hrst cargo of- African
slaves on the continent — the "sold passen
ger" was fast replaced by negroes, who
took more naturally and amiably to t:.e
slave life.
The poor white naturally came to cherish
a bitter hatred for the blacks that were
preferred over him. He alrea >y bated his
domineering white master. When he was
free to go he put as many miles as his
means and his safety from Indian murder
ers permitted between himself and those
he hated and hoped he might never see
again. In tbat early time tbe mountain
region was not even surveyed let alone
owned by individual proprietors.
The English, Scottish, Irish and Conti
nental immigrant who had some means sat
down iii the rich valleys, river bottoms
and rolling savannahs and the poor white
was made welcome to the foothills and
mountain plateaus. These descendants of
the British villein of the feudal era grew
and multiplied, became almost as distinct
a people from the lords of the lowlands as
the Scotch Highlander was as related to
bis Lowland neighbor in the sixteenth
and seventeenth century.
The stir of the perioa since the close of
our civil war has made somewhat indis
tinct the line that separates the
mountaineer from the plainsman of the
South, especially in the foothills and at
points where the two have intermingled
in traffic, in the schoolhouse and church,
and especially where the poor whites
have been employed at mining, ironmak
ine, etc, but go into the mountains far
enough and you will find the type as clear
cut as it was 100 years ago with Us inimit
able drawling speech and curious dialect, <
its sallow complexion, lanky frame, lazy
habits and immorality— all as distinctly
marked as they were when hundreds of
these people found Cherokee wives in
Georgia and Tennessee in the early part
of the century and bleached most of the
copper out of the skin of tne Choctaw, as
well az out of the Cherokee.
It is a pity that some competent an
thropological historian has not traced tije
annals of this interesting and distinctive
section of our population and made rec
ord of it in the interest of science, no less
than in the interest of the proper educa
tion and elevation of tbe mountain peo
ple. It has become, especially in tbe Pied
mont section ot the South, a most impor
tant labor element. The cotton-mill labor
by thousands comes from the "cracker of
the hills," and it is destined to become a
great power, that labor population, social
and political.
The redemption of the poor white began
when slavery went down in blood and de
struction, and it has gone on faster and
traveled further than some of us think. —
Chattanooga Times.
HAS LONDON ITS PULL GROWTH?
Steady Decline in the Bate of Increase.
Birth Kate Below Death Kate.
The result of the recent census shows
that during the five years the population
has increased somewhat less rapidly than
it did in tiie previous ten— lßßl-1891. The
number of people turned out to be some
15,000 below <he estimate formed on the
basis of 189 L The difference is small, but
important, is it shows that the previous
fall in the rate of increase is maintained.
The population is growing at a iess and
less rapid pace. At the beginning of the
century it used to increase by more than
20 per cent in the ten years Between suc
cessive censuses; in 1881-1891 tbe rate had
fallen to 10.4 per cent, ihe lowest on rec
ord, and now it is still less.
This movement is not part of a general
decline; it is peculiar to London, and
seems to indicate that the huge over
growth of the metropolis has begun to
cure itself. No town can ko on crowing
indefinitely, and even London — monstrous
as it is — has not fulfilled the expectations
of earlier statisticians. Two hundred
years ago it appeared to be growing so
fast that Sir William Petty, one of the
earliest pioneers in demographical re
search, reckoned that in 1840 the popula
tion would reach 10,000,000, supposing it
to continue at the same rate. He thought,
however, that a natural limit would be
reached before then, and placed it in tbe
year 1800, by which time he calculated
London would contain something over
5,000,000 in habitants and the rest of Eng
land only 4,500,000.
He was very nearly right about the
total, which actually was about 9,000,000,
tu'. London only accounted for one of
them. Since then it has nearly reached
its maximum, which, curiously enough,
seems likely to prove a real natural limit.
For the four years 1871-74 the average
birth rate was 35.2; for the four years 1891
--94 it was only 00.9. There has been a
gradual and almost continuous fall from
year to year, which has not been counter
balanced by the simultaneous, bnt slighter
fall in the death rate from 22.7 to 19.9.
Few»r people die in proportion to the
population, but still fewer are born. This
is explained by the increasing disinclina
tion to marry. The marriage rates for the
two periods contrasted are 19.6 and 17.3
respectively.— St. James Gazette.
Ru3s a already rants sixth among tbe
wine-producing countries of the world,
and will probably soon surpass Germany
in this respect.
Up your appetite, assist digestion,
strengthen your ' nerves ;by making your
blood pure, rich and nourishing with
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Hood'«i Pill«i cure Liver Ills; easy to
IiUUU & fIUS take, easy to operate.2sc.
Is the light that will bring a great bijr
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndvan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and m6st
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmleas
it is. You can set it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ«
for circulars and testimonials. .
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is th«
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and "America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAX stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous iwitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day ,
or night stopped quickly: Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
I Prematureness means im potency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of sor i-
producing terms. Tuen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
tailing nair. You can save a trip to Hoc Springs
by writing (or "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
of ihe
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Stl.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WHEN TANS
- — : — TANS
A TANS
MAKER
SENDS US OUT A CARLOAD W V V
OF TAN SHOES AND STATES Jk J\ J\
"SELL 'EM FOR WHAT %* V V
THEY'LL BRING" YOU CAN A A Jt
REST ASSURED THAT W %# %W
WE'RE GOING TO DO IT I A A A
PRICES
ARE
Of the question; we do not expect
them — in fact we don't want them. It's a
case of sell lots and quick. That's what
we're after. Child's Tans are selling for
90c. They're worth $150. Ladies' Tan
Oxfords at 90c that others ask $2 00 for.
: Men's Best Russia Calf, at $1 15, that are
worth $2 50. ...
. The * above ara a'fe w out of hundreds ot box**. -
This Is a sale of Tans, where prices do all the
selling. , ■ " . . r .
Out-of-town people most have ih« Sullivan
money-saver sent tree for the asking.
SULLIVAN'S,
money-saver's IN SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
South of Market.
IMPORTANT*£*
In closing out my San Jose tt\
branch store, and as It Is my de- XTW
sire to open for Fall and winter V^.
frith the finest assortment and ifUw*,
novelties of new woolens now Uk -.1%
ordered from the many factories, lsltt
I therefore offer my entire stock MM nk
of Suitings, Tbousebixgs and >3f^saf2f
Ovcucoatixgs W*ts&&<w
REGARDLESS OF COST -Sjjjjg
for the next 60 days. This Is a <%^«
GENUINE REDUCTION SALE %§&)
Pants to order, formerly *5, $6, PT%k
and «7. reduced to 83.30 Wk CS
and 8 -"»«». 1 H
Pants to order, formerly $7, $8, 4 ' il X
and to, reduced to 93.00 **< "jf^vi
and f«.OO. >» 7*
tßnlts. formerly •1750, «20 and W5.
&y offered at 913.50 A 91 S.Sol
r ~ »nd alfother suitings reduced la
ijjV like proportion.
4K£fl- Don't miss this opportunity. Give
BBft me a call whether you bay or not.
BKSI Perfect fit and good workmanship
h guaranteed or money returned.
W Joe Poheini, Tmoß
\ti\'l 201 and 223 tontgoaerj St., car. Butt),
B. < . 724 and 1 110 and 1 112 Market SI,
;/] f % SAN FRANCISCO.
fll 485 Fourteenth lUBpp.cflyHaB. Oaithnd, CaJ.
>^JELJeL 603 and 605 X SI., Sacramento. Cal.
143 Swilh Soring JL, Loj »ne.el«j, CaL
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility. .
//%-^ev "Weakness of . Body and
((Ri\L. Mind, Effects of Errors
v*CsJ!/m*V or Excesses in Old or
yttW/ E55 Yonnc. Robust, - Noble
Cnl^Av^f Manhood fully Restored.
mIHr y ' How to Enlarge and
HLa v' „_ .fc. 1 Strengthen ' Weak, Un-
jCrfmwXnlllXffla developed Portions of . •
AraiFVirP'SNV Body. Absolutely un-
/ vS&'^/i'-'im^l l\v\l failing Home Treatment.
f/f^lfjT\:llAll3---Benlfits in a day.
Men testify from 50 States and Foreign >
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL GO.. Buffalo, N. Y.
IS THE VERY s BEST . ONE TO KXA3tt»»
your eyes and tit mem to Spectacles and B/».
classes with instruments of his o»a invention,
wboMsaperioriLr has "<* bean eqiuUeO. M* •**• ,
CCMbAs been due to Uiu menu or vi/ wor*.
■ Office Hours— la u> *p. m. ' ■ ; : : ' '- '.' : -'
Bells for $30.
Bftfjy^")Tjv-Tt7*~j<M ' jld-fashioned and poorly
B*E?T-fc??^i& i fe*— s«tfVl made, c * be baa by . pay.
BEL:, bfHTSSSfTftfilSwr '"S >'°" money to electric
I «C^y^^<gs^±^feA-' belt 'quacks" and travel-
- *tW£ :>/Kvsrj^?l i -k "faker*." For ,»1 tint-
{'• <f|£f^ > ' class article at a reasonable
'Z?f,~! . i;r:ce « rite or call for free
- ; »**>*■ copy of our new boole l»&.
PIEKCK <fc SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearay.
! ascend, third and fourth floors. San Francisco.
RDIIOUFC FOR > BAR.
KKIINHiFN c"'e "' bootblacks, ■ bath-
VII CO houses, • billiard -tabl.-vL
brewers, bookbinders, ' candy.makers,' caaners.
dyers, flourmlUs. v foundries, - laundries, paper*
hangers, 1 printers, -painters, shoe factories, *ubl»»
xnen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. - ■ • ■■.
■■ - . • . • :■ BUCHANAN BROS., _
■ Brush Manufacturer*. €09 SacramentPOPULISTS
WILL BOLT,
Straight Members of the
Party Cannot Indorse
Bryan.
BRIBERY NOT TOLER
ATED BY THEM.
"No Trimmings, No Fusion," on
the Banner of the Honest
Champions.
DESPERATE APPEALS TO THE
WEAK AND CORRUPT.
So the Tottering Democracy Will
Dance to Death to the Music
of a Silver Waltz.
"The Call's" Headquarters, > )
Lindell Hotel, '•
St. Louis, Mo., July 18.
The tottering Democracy will dance
its death dance to the music of a silver
waltz on the floor of the Populist con
vention next week. Bryan will not be
indorsed, say the middle-of-the-road
in. n. If through any inexplicable pro
cess of bribery and corruption he should
be, the straight People's party men will
walk out of the hall, hold another con
vention, reaffirm the Populist platform
and nominate straight People's party
candidates.
The middle-of-the-road men are or
ganizing and have thrown out their ban
ners with the mottoes "No trimmings;
no fusion " The desperate Democracy
is appealing to the weak and corrupt,
but there are not many of such in the
People's party.
The South is almost a unit against
fusion, and there is a very bitter feeling
against the Bourbon Democracy, which
has reviled and persecuted in vain at
the door of the convention hall.
JOHN PAUL COSGBAVE.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 18.— Events are
thickening as the delecates begin to arrive
and all indications point to a severe and
protracted struggle between the straight
Populists and silver Democrats who are pa
rading in the guise of Populists. It is now
admitted that the South will stand up for
the principles of the party and will oppose
any alliance with the enemy, while the
advocates of fusion and indorsement are
strongest in the West.
There is a great deal of consultation,
mingled with much mystery, around the
headquarters of the National committee.
There has been much coming and going of
men prominent in the councils of the party,
ana ruaoy mvstenous meetings behind
closed doors and private conferences in
accustomed places. Since Chairman Taub
eneck returned from his hurried and silent
visit to Chicago he has seemed to have
put on the fabled boots of invisibility.
W hen reporters call he is now always en
gaged and unseeable.
Last night Chairman Rozelle of the
Missouri State Populists departed hastily
for Mexico, Mo.
All these mysterious movements seem
to be connected with the question which
is now agitating the Populist delegates
and silver men, that of indorsing the
Democratic candidate for the Presidency.
Up to twenty-four hours ago it looked as
though certain leading Populists had been
chasing the Democracy ail over the
country^lox. the purpose of havine repre
sentatives of their party make some over
tures looking toward a fusion of forces
which would result beneficially to both
parties. Some of the Populist leaders have
been very much alarmed lest a fusion
should be agreed upon terms which would
strip them of the political power and in
fluence which they now hold within the
party, and instead of waiting coyly, finger
in mouth, for the Democratic suitor to
make cis proposal of undying affection
the shameless Populist hussy is betraying
her eagerness too publicly, and is actually
chasing the bashful Democrat all over the
United States. But within the last twenty
four hours the pursued has become tired
of running and has halted to pop the
question.
It was given out last night very vaguely
and mysteriously that a Democratic emis
sary named Captain Hickman of Missouri
had arrived and was in secret conference
with the Populist leaders who are already
here on the ground. The object of the
conference was said 10 be a union of the
forces and a settlement of the terms on
which that union mi;ht be effected, so as
to be satisfactory and profitable to both
sides.
The Democrats have become alarmed at
the rapid falling away from their party,
and have made up their minds not only
to make overtures to the once despised !
People's party, but to make almost any
kind of concession, for they realize that
even considerable sacrifice is better than
total defeat at the polls next November.
They have a very hard task before them.
While they have the bulk of the Populist
delegations from the silver States, they
have not all its membership, for even in
those States there is a good sprinkling of
middle-of-the-road men, who are Populists
from principle and who do not believe in
making alliances with evil. Then there is \
the solid South against fusion or indorse
ment, and the majority of Populists from
the Atlantic States likewise.
Another hitch in the programme will be
caused by the fact that the Populintic
platform does not favor monometallism.
It favors money as denned by all the
writers on political economy, which is "a
medium of exchange or a representative of
value, possessing no intrinsic value itself
(and therefore not subject to monopoly)
and deriving the quality of its representa
tion from the seal and authority of the
Government."
The fusionists aDpreciate the odds
against tnera and the magnitude of the
fight that is on their hands, and are now
devising ways and means whereby the
rough edges of contact may be smoothed
down, and whereby both factions of the
People's party may unite upon a common
plane in extending a helping hand to the
drowning Democracy. Many schemes to
this end are being considered. One is a
division of the Presidential electors, an
other is a division of Congressional candi
dates, and a concentration of the strength
of this fused ticket. The silver men and
the Democrats are making a desperate
fight.
One of the most prominent opponents of
the indorsement of Bryan is Senator Mar
ion Butler of North Carolina. He favors a
coalition with the Republicans in his
State, the terms of the proposition being
that Senator Pritchard should be returned
to the United States Senate and the pat
ronage of the State should be equally di
vided between the Republicans and Popu
lists, the Populists agreeing to give their
electoral ticket to the Republicans. The
Bryan men are very much in evidence,
and their siren song, with a silvery sub
tone, is heard in all the hotel corridors,
while the middle-of-the-road men are grit
tine their teeth in silence and are not
wasting much time on words. There is
no programme to be decided npon by
them. They are straight Populists and
they will stand by the platform and the
principles of the party, and to do that no
caucusing or mysterious meetings will be
necessary.
Nor do they fear a loss of individual
power or influence, for they say that so
long as the principles which they advocate
are alive the party itself will continue to
thrive and grow. They feel so deeply on
this matter, for with them their party is a
religion, that I should not be surprised if
every rran of them did not bolt the con
vention should the Bryan faction succeed
in delivering the party over to the Democ
racy.
As most of those on the ground are sil
ver men who had come eariy in order to
put up jobs and lay the wires, we hear all
this talk of indoisement and we see quite
a cloud of dust in the air, but when it has
settled down we will find that the shins
that kicked it up are few. By to-morrow
a large contingent of delegates will have
arrived, nine-tenths of whom are against
any unholy alliances, and who will make
the air bum with the most disagreeable
sound in the ears of the Democracy.
Texas has announced that not only the
whole of her delegation now on their way
to this city are straight party men, but
that every Populist in that State is bit
terly opposed to any fusion or indorse
ment with the tricky, unscrupulous and
rotten Democracy.
National Committeeman George Gaither
of Alabama arrived this morning and in
an interview corroborated a statement
which I made in this morning's Call to
the effect that the Southern Populist and
Southern Democrats were old-time and
bitter enemies. He said:
"The feeling between Democrats and
Populists in Alabama is bitter, for the rea
son we believe that the Democrats had
counted us out down there three times. I
desire a union of the silver forces, but I
am doubtful about the propriety or the
honesty of indorsing Mr. Bryan."
The fight will be an unusually stubborn
one. The middle-of-the-road men cannot
be turned either to the right or to the left
to follow behind the brass band of either
the Republican or the Democratic parties.
They are straight Populists from principle,
and it is impossiole to argue a man into
j righting against his principles. For that
reason I expect that the coming conven
tion will be one of the most important and
interesting as well as exciting in the his
tory of the United States.
In the language of the street, the straight
Populist is "hot stuff."
The tottering Democracy having revived
her drooping spirits with a 'silver fizz at
Chicago, will dance her dance of death on
the floor of the Populist convention next
week to the music of a silver waltz. Peace
to the ashes of the superannuated darnel
When she was young and active with
the roses in her cheeks, when she chewed
snuß and drank whisky, when sbe stayed
out all night at r ball with those harum
scarum blades, Messrs. Jefferson and Jack
son, none was more popular than sbe to
lead the german in the White House.
But in her old age she became lazy, cross
and, I grieve to observe, immoral. Her
motto became "Anything for office." She
would even wed that beardless boy. the
People's party, and wreck his happy
bright young life on the silver reef of her
ambition.
The middle-of-the-rcad delegates have
sworn that she never shall wed their party.
Her time has come to lay by her boxes of
rouge and lily powder, her perfumes and
her rabbit foot, and to take her chair away
from beside the window-blinds, call in a
chaplain, repent of her sins and die in the
twilight of 1898.
The headquarters of those out-and-out
Populists were opened to-day in the La
clede building, and two of the most stal
wart members of the St. Louis police force
were required to keep the gangways clear
for passers-by. They wrangled with Bryan
men over questions of political economy
with as much noise and violence of ges
ture as did the students of Salamanca in
the days of the wicked Gil Bias, and from
beginning to end they rer>eated that they
were going to reaffirm the Populist plat
form and nominate thoroughbred Popu
lists for President and Vice-President
whether the convention indorsed Bryan or
not.
"No matter how few of us may be left,"
said one of them to-day, "we will walk out
of the convention, hold a Populist's con
vention under the old platform and pre
serve the party. We will appeal to the
people and fkrht it out on the lines of
principles. The truth will^preyail in the
long run."
Editor Gilstrap of Visalia said:
"This is a critical time and the work of
the convention will decide the faith of
both parties. If the Populists indorse
Bryan the Democracy may obtain a new
Jease of life, but Populism will be set back
ten years. If Bryan is not indorsed the
Democracy will die the death, and four
years hence, when the people shall have
become tired of McKinleyism and gold,
the Populists and Republicans will be
dominant parties arid we will sweep the
Republicans off the face of the earth."
"Middle-of-the-road headquarters" is the
sign at the Laclede House, and the . mot
toes hoisted up are "no trimmine. no
fusion, up with the banner of direct legis
l.h-/.n >> ,
As fast as the straight Populists arrive
they are taken to headquarters and organ
ized. They are told that there must be no
compromise with the powers of darkness,
but not one of them yet has needed to be
told that.
The chairman of the Texas delegation
wrote to headquarters the other day that
the Populist platform and Populist can
didates would be presented to the people
even if there were no one left to do it but
the Texas delegation.
"Put it there!" shouted Editor Gilstrap,
in red ink, in reply; "California is solidiy
with you."
The proceedings of the coming conven
tion will go down in history and be quoted
for many and many a year to come. Bryan
will not be indorsed. Jdo not believe that
there is a sufficient number of trimmers
and political traitors in toe convention to
commit such an act of infamy even for
thirty pieces of silver.
Johh Paul Cosgkavb.
\-J. ;.-,■, -, ■-■.* .- "
Indorse the Democrat*.
KNOXVILLE, Tests., July 18. — The
Populists of the Second Congressional
District met here to-day and passed reso
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
lutions instructing the delegates from this
district to support Bryan and Sewan and
to use their influence for the indorsement
of the Chicago platform.
STEWART AND PEFFER.
Both Are Working for the Indorse
ment of Bryan and Sewall by
the Conventions.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., July 18.— Of the Sena
tori&l contingent which is expected to at
tend the conventions Messrs. Stewart of
Nevada and Peffer of Kansas reached here
to-night. After dinner they mingled with
the Populists and Silverites already in the
city at the Lindell, where a reporter for the
United Press found them. Both are for
the indorsement of Bryan and Sewall by
their respective conventions, Stewart be
ing a delegate to the Silver Convention
and Peffer to the Populist Convention,
and they were industriously advocating
and impressing their views upon the dele
gates and others about them. To a re
porter for the United Press Senator Stew
art said:
"The nomination of Bryan was not ex
pected nor desired by the managers of the
Chicago convention; he nominated him
self by that speech to the convention. But
having been nominated and standing
upon a platform declaring for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver at 16 to 1
by the United States alone, he should re
ceive the support of all the silver men. I
believe he trill be indorsed by both con
ventions. Anyway, the opportunity pre
sented by his nomination to wrest this
Government from the hands of the Eng
lish wreckers into whose hands it has
fallen is one that the people of the coun
try are not likely to ignore- They will be
heard from in this campaign, and what
they say and do will result in the election
of Bryan."
Senator Peffer said :
"The situation here is one demanding
the exercise of diplomacy in its handling,
but I have all confidence that it will turn
out satisfactorily. But I believe that with
careful and considerate discussion there
will result an agreement of all the anti
gold forces of the country, which shall tell
at the polls against the candidate of the
gold-standard policy and in favor of one
candidate upon a free-silver platform."
Toward midnight Chairman Taubeneck,
in company with Senators Stewart and
Peffer, "Cyclone" Davis of Texas and
other leaders went into private confer
ence.
Mr. Taubeneck said he had no expecta
tion that any definite programme or agree,
ment would be the result of their talk.
The annoying complications over the
fund contributed by the Business Men's
League to cover the expenses of the two
conventions was happily adjusted to
night. The $10,000 fund was turned over
to the People's party chairman several
days ago by the Business Men's League,
this being an acquittal of their contract.
The National Silver party thus found
themselves without funds or guarantee of
expenses. To meet this exigency a score
of piominent citizens to-night subscribed
to a fund to pay the Silver Convention ex
penses. Dr. Mott, chairman of the execu
tive committee of that party, thus pro
tected, is completing his arrangements for
the meeting in Music Hall.
WORKING TO SECURE
BRYAN'S INDORSEMENT.
Silver Men Argue With the
Populists as They Gather at
St Louis.
BUT BITTEBHESS INCREASES.
Some Concessions May Be Secured,
However, After the Arrival of
Senator Jones.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Lindell. V
St. Locis, Mo., July 18. )
The silver situation here is unchanged.
While the white-metal people are as de
termined as ever to force the indorsement
of Bryan before both conventions the
Populists are equally determined that
they shall not Bucceeu.
In fact, the bitterness between the two
parties is iucreasine rather than abating,
and at this time it is quite apparent that
there will be a lively tight in the conven
tion hall next week. Bryan men are pour
ing into town rapidly. So are the Popu
lists. As the new arrivals register at the
hotels they are buttonholed by the
different factions and are made to swear
eternal loyalty to one or the other, as
their respective partisanship demands.
The Populists are better organ ized than
the silver men. In fact, the commanders
of the silver army are not yet on the field.
George P. Keeney, organizer of the Na
tional silver party, is about the only
person of recognized authority in the
silver ranks on the ground. He is active,
shrewd and determined, and his ability as
an organizer has been recognized by lead
ing silver men of the Nation. His plan is
that when the two conventions meet there
shall be a joint conference committee ap
pointed, and that this committee shall
make a report upon the common demands
of both bodies.
"If this can be done, I believe," said
Keeney, "that within two days an agree
ment can be reached which will favor the
indorsement of Bryan. If this is not
done, then it may be agreed that the
silver men shall go ahead and nominate
Bryan as if he had never been mentioned
before. It looks from present indications
that this will be the action of the silver
men anyhow."
"Do you think the Populists intend
nominating a straight ticket?"
"That is not the idea of many influential
mep that I have talked to, but there is a
feeling of no surrender, and especially
with the Southern delegates in States like
Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas,
where war has been bitterly waged be
tween them and the Democrats. It is not
so with the Western, Eastern and most of
the Northwestern delegates. They favor
the indorsement of Bryan and success ana
have no fears of disbanding or disorganiz
ing their forces in State and county elec
tions. They are patriotic enough to subor
dinate their views on National candidates
in order to allow their views on the great
est of National issues to forge to the
front."
Dr. Mott, chairman of the National
Committee, who, since his arrival in Bt.
Louis, has been averse to discussing the
prospects of the Populists and silverites
indorsing Bryan for President, had this to
say upon the situation to-day:
"In my opinion the silver convention
will indorse Bryan. The free coinage of
_^_^ ■»~~~>~^^ w^^^^_ -i^ ,__ .„ _-^^^^^_^_,_.^.^*rc?L- TO-PAY— CLOTHING. ". . ' '" , V- - -- - - -'- : '-'- ? "' '-■'■ : ' r ' : ' :
MONEY
x»oooo<JpQ>oocoo<
LOSE!
IT TAKES A WHOLE PILE OF GRIT TO DO
WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO.
It takes a whole lot of nerve to face the fact that
you're going to lose money — a whole pile of money
on a sale, but that's what we've made up our mind to do.
We say to you, come to the big store, and take the
pick of any of our choicest Suits or Overcoats, and our
big corner window is chock-a-block with 'cm — the
choicest goods that skill and money can produce. Take
the pick of any of these Suits or Overcoats for
-$i0.d0.-..
None reserved, none taken out— as they were
last night when we closed they'll be Monday morning.
We may as well be frank with you. We want a
whole lot of money by the Ist of August, or otherwise
we would never dream of making such an offer to you ;
that/ s our reason for holding this sale — none other in
the world. The goods are as choice as the looms can
produce.
They're up-to-date, fashionably cut and trimmed,
but we want a whole lot of money by the Ist of August.
/"vCX
SAN FRANCISCO
HOUSE, RUN BY
FRISCO BOYS.
silver is what we stand for. The Chicago
candidate and the Chicago platform suit
us. The onJy point upon which any fric
tion may arise is the preservation of our
party organization. We are not as deeply
interested in this perhaps as the Popu
lists, who have a record and solider or
ganization, but we shall demand it. No
basis of agreement between the silver men
and the Democrats has been agreed upon.
It has been suggested that the relative
strength of the Democratic, Populist and |
Silver parties in the States be estimated j
and the votes of the electoral college be
distributed in proportion. Another plan
is to give the Democrats half clear through
the States, and divide the other half be
tween the Populists and silver people.
"The Democrats are striving for the
election of their ticket. By the adoption
of either of these plans the Democrats
would have everything to gain and noth
ing to lose, and I believe the success of the
Democrats assured. In the event that the
Democrats refuse to make any concessions
I believe that the silver people will name
separate electors. But our party is an
intermediary, conciliatory party. W T e
want to harmonize all the silver factions.
We shall not assume the role of a dictator.
We are fighting solely a silver battle and
hope to win."
Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, is expected to
arrive here from Washington to-morrow
morning. He telegraphed Governor Stone
that he would be in the city only two
hours as be is anxious to reach his home
in Arkansas. His coming has greatly ex
cited both the silver meu and the Popu
lists. The leaders of both parties are
anxious to see and confer with him. They
want to know just where the party is going
to stand in its relation to the Populists
should the latter indorse the nomination
of Mr. Bryan next week. The Bryan
men in the Populist ranks are at sea just
now. They are not in a position to offer
the middle-of-the-road boys any couces
UNDERSTAND US— ALL YOU NEED PAY IS
«$1O.OO«
NO QUESTIONS ASKED. MONEY IS WANTED
—THAT'S OUR REASON.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
9,n,i3andisKearny Street.
sions until Jones has spoken. It is known
that the chairman of the Democratic
National Committee is an ultra-partisan.
He is anxious tor fusion with the Popu
lists only that it may serve the ends of his
own party, otherwise he would crush
tnem as he would a worm, but Bryan is
out to win this election, and, if possible,
he wants to weld all bodies and unite all
forces. It is understood that he will sug
gest to Senator Jones the advisability of
making some concession to the Populists.
He realizes the absolute necessity of ac
quiring this additional strength in order
:o make his stand before the people as
formidable as possible. Mr. Bryan is
nothing if not a shrewd politician. If he
cannot secure an out-and-out indorse
ment he will be glad to make a combina
tion with the Populists with the view of
securing their vote in the electoral college.
The National Silver Convention will be
held in Grand Music Hall and the interior
of the building will be handsomely decor
ated for the occasion. Money and pains
will not be spared in order that it may be
beautified in a manner to satisfy the
esthetic temperament of the silver barons
of the country. A great eagle will sur
mount the vestibule as though to welcome
the delegates and visitors. The National
bird will be represented in its usual de
fiant attitude; in either talon he will hold
three flags of the United States, while be
neath will be the inscription : "E Pluribus
Unum." There will be a canopy of blue
in the background. It will be dotted with
silver stars, thus giving character and em
phasis to the convention and the issue it
represents. In fact, the whole interior
will be draped with bunting and hung
with National colors. Each of the sixteen
iron columns will be adorned with Amer
ican flags in tie shape of a shield, while
the balconies will be hung with pictures
of ex-Presidents of the United States.
The ten private boxes will also be deco
rated with flags. The decorations of the
tage will be elaborate. Directly over the
The
Suits.
It takes more space than
we have at our disposal to
attempt to describe, being
located on two floors.
Picture to yourself what
a grand choice you have
and a choice from the
eh oicest and finest fabrics.
Pretty Ov erplaids in
Cheviots, no end of Wors-
teds, Cassimeres, in blue,
black, grays, a bewildering
assortment of high-class
Suits, fashionably tailored,
just as they were when we
closed last night ; original
prices on 'em, with this dif-
ference — Mo n day take
your pick of any of 'em for
-$10.00-
chairman will be a circular piece twelve
feet in diameter, showingan eagle holding
an immense silver dollar in one talon and
the National coat of arms in the other.
Above the bird will be a large canopy,
dotted alternately with forty-five golden
and silver stars, representing the States
of the Union. A branch of laurel gives a
touch and freshness to the picture.
Frank McGdirb.
Deba for Vicx-Preaident.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 18.— The County
Convention of tli« People's party which
adjourned May 23 reconvened to-day. The
committee on resolutions reported:
Resolved, That the delegates to the National
Convention indorse Bryan and Sewall condi
tionally, so that the identity of the People's
party be sustained.
A lengthy discussion followed, the ob
jection being aeainst the indorsement of
Sewall. The name of Eugene V. Debs
was suggested as the nominee for Vice-
President. Objections to this occasioned
a further discussion. The question was
finally decided by allowing the delegates
to exercise their own discretion in the
choice of Vice- President.
GIVEN AN OVATION.
Governor Matthews Addresses a
Democratic Ratification Meet
ing at Indianapolis.
IXDIANAPOLIB, Ind., July 18.— The
Indianapolis Democrats held a ratification
meeting to-ni.ht, which was presided over
by Governor Matthews. There were about
2000 people in attendance, and Governor
Matthews was given an ovation when he
was introduced by Chairman Holt of the
State Centrai Committee. Holt had been
a gold Democrat, but declared from the
platform that they were all Democrats
and bowed to the majority. Governor
Matthews said in part:
"I assure you there is no room for feel
ings of regret, discontent or dissatisfac
tion. The platform adopted and the ticket
selected are both good, and to both I give
The
Overcoats
Represent all this season's
newest creations ; the fab-
rics are choice ; the cut of
the garments is new, the
colorings the very latest.
The English Box, strap-
ped seams, Tan Coverts,
Kerseys, Meltons, in blues,
blacks, tans.
A bewildering assort-
ment, just as they were
when we closed Saturday
night, only this difference
— you can take the pick of
any ooff f em for
-$10.00-
Two months later, when
the Fall season opens,
many of 'em will be $20.
Now's your harvest.
AIN'T AFRAID
TO LOSE MONEY
WHEN THEY
NEED IT.
and will continue to give my cheerful
allegiance and most earnest support."
Speaking of the character of the conven
tion he said:
"It was not a gathering of anarchists,
traitors, repudi&tors or sectionalists, as
our Republican friends, in the frenzy of
fear, proclaim, but a coming together of
patriots alarmed for the welfare of their
country; of honest, earnest men, ani
mated by a great cause, and of American
citizens cherishing their rights and liber
ties, determined to maintain them. It ia
this year supremely the people's fight—
their struggle against the most miserable
and debasing enslavement that can be con*
ceived by man.
"In despite of the nearly unanimous
opposition of the metropolitan press ot the
entire country; notwithstanding the un«
grateful crusade against it by certain hired
men, professing to be Democrats, aye,
even claiming to be certain Democratic
leaders, but in truth Hessians in the camp;
in despite of the cry of the alarmist or the
sordid appeals of avarice and greed, the
great cause has grown and will continue
to grow."
Senator Turpie and ex-Secretary of State
Myers also spoke. The latter was one of
the leaders of the gold faction. He had,
he explained, changed his views to agree
with the majority. In the course of his
speech he declared that they would send
Matthews to the Senate for the next four
years, saying nothing about Voorhies.
Candidate Ilentley'a Campaign.
LINCOLN, Nebe., July 18.— With the
homecoming of the Democratic nominee,
Lincoln's other candidate for the Presi
dency, Rev. C. E. Bentley of the bolting
Prohioitionists, to-day left the city. He
will go direct to Columbus, Ohio, where a
meeting of the Nationalist party is to be
held. Later he will invade Mark Hanna's
own stronghold at Cleveland, beginning
his campaign in that city and making a
number of speeches throughout the Buck
eye State. He may also speak in Indiana
and Illinois beiore returning.
34
MAY INTERCEDE
FOR THE CRETANS.
European Powers Called to
Consider Concerted In
terference.
OPPOSED BY THE PORTE.
But the Dreibund Proposes to
Overthrow Turkish Rule
on the Island.
AND MAY DICTATE THE TERMS
If Objection Is Made at Constantinop'e
the Conference Will Be Held
at Vienna.
BERLIN, Germany, July 18.— Prince
Bismarck's opinion upon the Cretan ques
tion a* given by the ex-Chancellor in an
interview published in the Neue.Frei
Presse of Vienna, that it interested him
less than did the small plat of land in his
garden, is . being widely quoted by the
German press and quite as extensively
commented upon. This opinion, how
ever, is not shared in the. Foreign Office,
where the expected developments of the
situation are best appreciated. Nor is it
shared by the Emperor, who during his
northern trip is dally sending and receiv
ing telegrams upon the subject.
; Until recently German diplomacy has.
been kept in the background so far as Cre
tan matters have been concerned and the
German Embassador . at Constantinople,
Baron . Saurma yon Geltsch, has acted
strictly in consonance with Baron de Cal-
Ice, the Austrian Embassador to Turkey,
in his intercourse with the Porte aiming
at maintenance of the Turkish regime in
Crete with some modifications favorable
to the inhabitants of that isl
and. The tide of affairs, how
ever, has now changed and there is
high authority for the statement that ne
■ gotiations are in progress for the call of a
conference of the European powers to
consider the adviaibility of concerted in
terference. Some of the Paris newspapers
indeed announce that M. Hanotanx,
• Minister of Foreign Affairs, has actually
made a direct proposal that such a con
ference be convened, but this assertion
has been semi-officially denied. Still
semi-official statements are not always or
even often correct Whether M. Hano
taux has even initiated active negotiations
looking to the calling of a conference or
not, however, it is a fact that communica
tions are being exchanged among some of
the powers with a view of bringing about
S a settlement of the Cretan troubles.
The basis of the difficulty lies in the
•cope of the suggested conference. All of
the powers are now convinced that the
Cretans will no longer submit to the abso
lute authority of the Turks and they fear
j an extension of the rising of the islanders
i in Macedonia and the consequent precipi
tation of the whole Eastern question to an
; acute stage. The powers constituting the
_ Dreibund — Italy, Germany and Austria —
together with gland, will accept a con
ference, if it shall be limited to considera
tion of a settlement of the troubles in
Crete. It is only Russia and France that
want a wider basis of consideration. ■ -
In the meantime the Porte steadily op
poses all intervention ; on • the part of the
powers. The general belief in diplomatic
circles here, however, is that a conference
will be arranged upon the terms laid down
by the Dreibund powers and that it will be
held in Constantinople, if the Porte will
consent to it, and probably in Vienna, if
the Turkish Government refuses to have it !
meet in the Turkish capital. .-.
Two notable . by-elections . for members
of the Reichstag have been held this week.
In the Loewenberg district the Freissinigo
candidate was elected by 1700 majority
over the candidates of the Agrarians and
the Conservatives. The Agrarians explain
their defeat in every way except in the
true one, which is that the once strong in
fluence of their party is -fast waning in
Loewenberg, and to that causa is due the
last of their series of defeats since the
general elections. In the Schwetz district
the general candidate beat the Polish
nominee by only 187 votes, after an ex
ceedingly bitter contest in which a number
of free fights occurred. In one instance a
party of German electors assailed a Polish,
land-owner while he was on his way to the
polls and attempted : to prevent him from
going to the voting place. The land
owner drew a revolver and fired into the
crowd, killing one of his assailants and
wounding another very seriously. The
Polish election summoned the Polish
wbrkrati. from all part* of the district to
uphold their national ticket.
Under Secretary of State yon Boeschoten
ol the South African -Republic, who has
been in Berlin for some time, has left the
I city and his departure has caused the issu
ance of semi-official communications as
serting that he was not charged with any
I special mission to the German Govern
ment. r Nevertheless hit made repeated
calls at the Foreign Office while here. The
: fact is without doubt that the renewal of
'amicable relations between Germany and
England which were in a slight degree dis-
t urbed by the Transvaal troubles", caused
I by Dr. Jameson'* raid, foiled Yon Boescho
. ten in whatever purpose he may have had
in corning to Benin.
The Reichsanzeiger, the official journal, 1
announces that in the Government's new
-colonial bill there will be a striking pro
vision whereby young colonists liable to
-military service in the German army may
• perform such service in the colonial forces
instead.
The Standard Oil Company has pur
chased nearly one-half of the shares of
r the syndicate of the Nobel Brothers, the
• great Russian - oil merchants, thus en
■ abiiiifr tue formation of a union of the
i great American and Russian producers of
petroleum. • "
The German-American petroleum syndi
j cate has acquired by purchase the business
of the Ruth Company and • the Baku
'Standard Company at D'usseidorf.
BAJJtKVIH'S FHH XIVAZ,
There Is a Great Rush to Hear the " Won
derful Music. '
BAYREUTH, Bavabia, July 18.— The
Bavreuth festival will open to-morrow
witb a performance of "'Rbeingold" at tlie
Featspieibaus, under the orchestral iead
«r»hip of Dr. Hant Hichter of Vienna,
who also led the orchestra twanty years
ago, when R:cbard Wagner first produced
his tetralogy, "Der Ring dcs Nibelungen."
Spectators have been arriving for several
days past and many arrived to-day. A
great number of those coming to hear the
master's ereat work are Americans, who
are flocking to Bayreuth from all those
parts of Europe where they have been so
journing, Some of them have made the
long Journey from their homes in the
United States for no reason other than io
hear the tetralogy. Among tbe promi
nent German Visitors are the Dowager
Duchess of Scbleswif -Holstejn-Sonder
burg-Augustenburg, the mother of Em
press Augusta Victoria; Dr. yon Putt
kamer, formerly Prussian Afinister'of the
Interior, and the Grand Duchess of Meck
lenbmre. Emperor William has taken
tickets, and he will perhaps be present at
the Jast cycle in August, but he has not
yet definitely decided whether or not he
will attend.
As stated, "Rheingold" will be given to
morrow. On Monday "Die Walkure" will
be presented, on Tuesday "Piepfried" and
on Wednesday "Gotterdammerung." The
second cycle will be^in on July 26, the
the third on August 2, the fourth on Au
gust 9 and the last on August 16. The
weather is sultry.
FORFEITED A FRANCHISE.
New Tortc and Chicago Capitalist! Lose
m Mexican liailtcay Grant.
TAMPICO, Max., July 18.— It is offi
cially announced that the 'concession
granted by the Government for the build
ing of a railroad from Barotran to Tarn
pico and thence to the City of Mexico has
been declared forfeited, owing to the fail
ure of the company obtaining the conces
sion to carry out its stipulations. The
deposit of $20,000 made by the company
goes into the Federal treasury.
The company was composed of Chicago
and' New York capitalists.' They have
sent an agent to the City of Mexico for the
purpose of having \ the • action of the
Government in forfeiting the concession
rescinded. ;
Fast Atlantic Steamers.
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 18.— Messrs.
Andrews and Henry Allen have arrived
from Ottawa where they had an interview
with Premier Laurier with reference
to the fast Atlantic service. Andrew
Allen says that the Prime Minister could
mace no definite statement of policy until
the matter had been fully gone over by
the whole Cabinet.
It is learned that the new Government
will proceed at once to award the contract
to the Aliens for four new steamers, cost
ing $1,000,000 each and sailing twenty
knots per hour. If tbe Aliens get the con
tract they will be able to have these ships
in Canadian waters in a little better than
eighteen months.
THE HAPLESS ARMENIANS
Two Convent Sisters Assaulted
by Turkish Soldiers and
One of Them Dies.
Six Hundred People Are Massacred
at Nillsar and Terror Reigns
Everywhere.
[Correspondence of The United Fresi.]
CONSTANTINOPLE. Tubkkt, July 4.—
As tbe summer has come oa the distress
in the interior as regards food and cloth
ing has been lessened a great deal, for
with the vegetables and grass growing tbe
people get some food to cut. Many of the
crops, however* remain unplanted, and
the prospect is that next winter will be
harder on the Armenians than last winter.
Mlbs Barton's agents have orders to leave
the interior as soon after July 1 as pos
sible, and the relief work will be resumed
in the fall.
Some two weeks ago it was reported that
two Georgian sisters, walking near their
convent, beyond the Pesa, were set upon
by soldiers, who bound and gagged the
elder and assaulted the younger. The re
port was not confirmed at the convent or
at the French embassy, under whose pro
tection the Georgians are. Last Monday,
however, the sieter who had been as
saulted died, and the event can no longer
be kept secret. She was uuried yesterday.
The soldiers in that neighborhood are
getting most insolent, pinching women on
the sireet and mumbling threats to pass
ers, and yesterday they broke into a bath
house, but the proprietor happened to be a
Moslem and drove them out.
The Armenian revolutionary commit
tee presented a protest against the contin
ued persecutions and vexatious measures
at the hands of the Ottoman Government
to the Embassadors of the six powers on
July 1. The German Embassy, however,
without opening the envelope, refused to
receive or to recognize the oearers of the
petition. This revolutionary committee
say that letters received from Nill Hassar
(Nillsar), announce a terrible massacre of
Armenians there, in which 600 were killed,
and terror reigns at Tokat, eight or ten
hours distance.
Advices from Damascus say that the
outbreak of the Druses is much more se
rious than last winter. The women and
children have been sent back into the
desert, so that the soldiers cannot frighten
them by killing the defenseless people.
An alliance has been formed with the
Arabs, and there is a prospect that Da
mascus may be attacked' later on.
Kruger Not Vindictive.
LONDON, E-ng., July 18.— The Weekly
Dispatch Bays it learns that President
Kruger of the Transvaal telegraphed to
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain saying
that he has no vindictive feelings toward
Dr. Jamieson, the leader of the raid into
the Transvaal, and that he hopes that his
trial in London will not result in severe
punishment for him.
To Increase Duties on Sugar.
PARIS, France, July 18.— The Govern
ment is about issuing a decree increasing
the customs duties upon all foreign
sugars. The decree, which will go into
effect on August 1, concurrently with the
new German sugar act, raises the duty
from 7 francs to 10J^ irancs upon raw
sugars and from 8 francs to 12% francs
upon refined sugars.
Cholera's Carnage in Egypt.
LONDON, Eno., July 18.— Tho Daily
News to-day publishes a dispatch from
Cain? saying that since July 10 there have
been 5441 eases of cholera and 4602 deaths
from the disease throughout Egypt. The
extension of the scourge southward to
Wady Haifa seriously impedes the Soudan
expedition.
l>ertth of an Eminent frenchman.
PARIS, France, July 18.— M. Jules Gui
chard, member of the French Senate for
the Department of Yonne, is dead. He
was in the 70th year of bis age. M. Gui
chard was president of the Suez Canal
Company and a collaborates of tha late
Count Ferdinand de Lesneps.
JJepetv Coming Home.
LONDON, Eng., July 18.— Among the
passengers who sailed from Liverpool for
New York to-day on the Cunard liner
Lucania was Hon. Chauncey M. Depew,
who cut short his visit to England owing
to the illness of Mr. Vanderbilt.
Victoria as Uniptre.
BERLIN, Germany, July 18.— It is offi
cially announced here that Queen Vic
toria will act as umpire in the arbitration
of the frontier dispute between Chile and
the Argentine Republic.
Ashore at Quinteroe.
VALPARAISO, Chili, July 18.— The
German tteamer Pentaur, from San Jose
June 23 for Hamburg, ;» ashore at Quin
teros. Her passengers and crew are being
landed.
Convalescmee of the Pope.
ROME, Italy. July 18.—The Pope has
recovered from the cold from which he
was suffering and has resumed the giving
of audiences.
Itmlinn Compossr and Dead.
GENOA, Italy, July 18.— Joseph Alfred
Novello, organist, composer and scientist,
died in this city yesterday.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
THE OLD WORLD'S
CURRENT EVENTS,
Diplomatic Sparring Match
Between Salisbury and
Olney.
FATJRE'S INDISCRETION
Bismarck Protests Against Ger
man Exhibits at the Paris
Exposition.
WAVERING CRETAN OUTLOOK.
Royalty Quarreling Over the Pro
gramme Arranged for Princess
Maud's Wedding.
LONDON, Eko., July 18.— No one can
complain of the tone of English press
comment on Lord Salisbury's unexpected
arbitration speech and on tbe blue book of
diplomatic correspondence on the subject,
which is publicly summarized to-day.
Characteristically enough, Englishmen
are more interested in the smart gladia
torial display between Mr. Olney and
Lord Salisbury than in the fact that really
no definite headway has been made toward i
a settlement of the question in dispute.
They distribute praise quite impartially
between the two combatants, and for the
rest express the conviction that eventually
everythine will come out all right. It
should be remembered that the Briton is '
accustomed to delay in everything. It is
the rule of political movement here that
one generation agitates for a reform and '
tbe next one, or perhaps the next after
that, sees it accomplished. When a mat
ter is once taken up here that in it
self is enough for the present, and
there is no national fund of impatience or
of nervous, hustling eagerness to draw
upon for the purpose of accelerating the ;
result; hence, while in America t .ere may J
be disappointment that nothing is yet de
cided the feeling here will be one of pleased
surprise that Lord Salisbury and Mr. Ol
ney should have written so many letters in
to short a time. So far as the correspond- '
ence has been analyzed here by public
men tbey are disposed to think it shows
that tbe two countries are pretty near each
other already and that the expression of |
British opinion for which Lord Salisbury '
asks will be in the nature of a mandate to
him not to let any failure there may be in
reaching a complete understanding be his
fault.
Arthur Balfour's illness at the beginning
of the week was at tbe time talked about
with winks and nods. It was supposed j
that he desired to escape from an engage
ment he had made to attend tbe Bimetallic 1
League meeting on Monday. There, how- :
ever, it turned out, both in Professor |
WalEer's address and by the remarks of
everybody else, that tbe Dimetallists were
just as much aghast at tbe Chicago plat
form as tbe gold men were, so nothing
happened which could have compromised
tho First Lord of the Treasury. Then
came a rumor that his alleged illness was
a graceful preliminary to bis retirement
from the Commons leadership, and this
found many believers. The fact that in
Tuesday's big Irish debate it was Mr.
Chamberlain who assumed the lead in
Mr. Balfour's absence was accepted as
confirmation of this view, and the Stand- ;
ard even hinted at it in print; but when
Mr. Balfour appeared it coutd be seen j
that he was truly unwell, and, somehow,
now the rumor that he is to resign has all t
faded away again.
President Faure's harmless little epi
sode with the lunatic on Tuesday was
hardly a twenty-four hours' sensation, for
the next day at Rheims he uttered a word
which has attracted attention all over <
France, to the exclusion of all else. When '
the venerable Archbishop Cardinal Lan- j
genieux received him in front of the new
statue of Joanne d'Arc with an address
the President replied with the phrase: "i |
I know that in your teachings you never |
separate the paramount interests of the |
Franc* of the republic and Che France of I
religion."
This does not seem to be an especially
striking remark, but it borrows interest
from the fact that it is the first time in
eighteen years that the President of the !
republic has dared publicly to mention the
word "religion."
Although Germany has formally ac
cepted the invitation to contribute exhib
its to the Paris exhibition of 1900, it is by
no means certain that some way will not
be found out of it later on. Bivmarck,
through the Hamburg Nachricbten, i^
protesting vehemently against the idea as
a gratuitous and foolish humiliation of the
Germans before their natural undimplaoa
ble enemies, and the baser Parisian papers
are not alone in disclosing :he feeling
which exists at the Frsnch capital that the
Germans will do well to stay away. What
Bismarck has been saying is what others
have been thinking, namely, that the con
sciousness of Russian support has made
France keener about revenue than ever.
The Cretan outlook continues to waver
day by day, now toward temporary pacifi
cation, now toward sayage violence. The
English Government is being pushed by
powerful home influences to play a more
active part, and it has gone far enough in
this direction to arouse tbe wildest hopes !
among the Greeks and Cretans, but here ]
it has been lorced to stop »hort by tbe !
combined protests ol the otbertive powers,
and we have Lord Salisbury once more
explaining that he bad arranged for great !
things, which the concert of Europe will
not let him carry out. These reiterated
confessions of ltn potency after the event \
are not very exhilarating to national j
pride, but, as said above, the English are a
patient people.
From a political as well as from a dynas
tic point ot view the choice by tbe Duke
of Orleans of an Austrian Archduchess for j
his bride is regarded as a very able move, j
In spue of the triple alliance the French !
have never had any such rancor toward j
the Austrians as they feel toward the Ger- j
mans or the Italians. Thtre is a sort of j
intuitive feeline in France that Austria I
yokes herself with the.se allies because j
she cannot help herself, and Viennese
music, Viennese pictures and Viennese
beer are as popular in Paris *s at home.
Moreover, this new marriage being quite
as distinguished and grand as any which
a King of France could have made two
centuries ago shows that, after fifty year,s
of exile, the Orleans Bourbons still hold
up their heads with the highest. This
will not fail to produce an impression on
the French mind, though, of course, many
other thing* would have to happen to in
vest it with practical importance.
The Austrian War Department has
adopted an improvement on the Mann
licher rifle which brings the weight of
that weapon down to seven pounus four
ounces, and makes it by far the lightest
magazine gun in the world. Tbe new pat
tern will not at once supersede the old
one, as the bore is uuubaaged aod the
■iitne cartridge it used for both, but tbe
factories at Steyr-festh will henceforth
make nothing «lse, and the substitution
will be as rapid as It Is convenient.
The completed Belgian elections show
that the Clericals actually have a majority
of seventy in a Chamber "of only 152 mem
bers, which makes it tne most one-sided
Parliament in Western Europe. The at
tempt to cast the Liberal strength for the
Socialist candidates, which I mentioned
last week, had the active support of the
Liberal papers of Belgium, and was led by
Burgomaster Buls of Brussels, who has
usiiilly b6en able to run tbe party, but it
came to nothing. It is said that 20,000
Liberals followed his lead, but quite as
many either voted for tbe Clericals or re
fr •- a to vote at all, with the result that
tue priests had it all their own way.
Alter a bewildering succession of changes
in the programme, which have been at
tended by all sorts of quarrels inside tbe
royal family, the ceremonial for Princess
Maud's wedding on Wednesday next
seems finally to be settled. The Duke of
Coburij left the country last weefc in high
dudgeon, and Princess Beatrice and her
children are ostentatiously to depart to
the seaside the day before the wedding.
It was only a few days ago that the loyal
tradesmen of the fashionable West End
streets were able to learn whether it was
the royal wish that they should decorate
their shop fronts and illuminate in the
evening. The principal bone of conten
tion seems to have been the Battenberg
mourning question, on which the Queen
laid such obstinate stress that her own
sons and the Wales family generally are
furious. Now, by the most grudging of
concessions to the latter, she has enraged
her Battenberg daughter without pleasing
the others. From the outset it was an un
popular marriage in England, and is said
to be equally so in Danish aristocratic
circles, while the way in which it has been
muddled about for the last three months
has not tended to surround it with a spe
cially joyous bridal atniospnere.
The question whether Princess Maud is
going to wear the so-called "osprey"
plume at any stage of the proceedings is
perhaps what concerns the largest number
of people. The Daily Chronicle has been
waging sharp war upon the fashion of
j wearing these plumes, which can only be
| secured by the destruction of small white
herons, or egrets, during the nesting sea
son, and when, a fortnight ago, one of
them was enumerated as part of the
bnae s golng-away outfit, the Chronicle
appealed to her to order the plumes taken
from her hat and to pledge herself never
to wear them again. A letter came
promptly from MarlDorough House say
ing that the Princess bad no intention of
wearing such feathers on her departure
after the wedding, and the Chronicle
thought it had won a complete victory;
but at the Queen's garden party this week
| not only Princess Maud, but her mother,
sisters and aunts ail flaunted the egrets
unashamed, as did innumerable duchesses
i and countesses. So the poor Chronicle
'■ had its work to do all over again. It de
votes columns of protest to the subject,
and when Mrs. Frances Hodgson-Burnett
appeared on Thursday evening at a dinner
given in her honor by the Authors' Club
with one of these offending topknots the
paper publicly rebuked her next day.
Apropos of this garden party, the Queen
! has just thought of a way to mark her an
j cient abhorrence of second marriages so
that offenders will reel it. At Tuesday's
great gathering in Buckingham Palace,
Lilian, Duchess of Marlborougb, found to
her profound amazement that she had
. been placed away back in the precedence
! list. As Lady W. Beresford, widow of the
last Duke of Marlborougb, who is now
Lady Egerton of Tatton, was similarly de
nied the style and place of a duchess, it is
understood that hencelorti: women with
| second husbands will not be allowed at
! court to retain or profit by the title of their
first husbands.
Although Li Hung Chang never touches
a morsel of food or drink at any table but
his own, the rulers and diplomats of
Western Europe continue to entertain
him at formal banquets, at which he sits
fasting beside bis interpreter watching
i the others eat. The three Chinese cooks
j in his suite prepare meals, which he con
; sumes in the mysterious privacy of his
! apartments. It is reported that at the
! Friederlchsruhe luncheon Bismarck gen
| ially urged his guest at least to partake of
fruit, which, he said, God made pretty
nearly alike in all countries. The Vice
roy declined, but offered the ingenious ex
cuse that he was compelled to make abso
lutely no exception to his rule, since pos-
I sibly some time be might bite on some
j thing which would cause his tooth to
jump, and then he would make a facial
contortion which would disgrace him for
ever in the eyes of polite European society,
it is natural that the comments which
otherwise would have been made on Ed
raond tie Goncourt's death have been
! largely discounted by the voluminous dis
i cussions which the recent volumes of his
I "Journal" excited. The book angered the
I whole army of writing people, and hardly
pleased anybody else, so he is now dis
missed into the shades with rather curt
remarks. All Paris, however, takes the
I keenest interest in the revelations of his
will, which are expected to come Monday.
, His plan of devisinu his house at Auter.il
I in perpetuity as the home of "L'Academic
; dcs Goncourts, 1 ' and of leaving his other
I property so that it will provide an income
of $2000 a year to each of the ten members
as a life annuity, has been public for
j some years, but there is the deep
! esi, curiosity to see who are
I his final list of members. He
I had made and remade this list many
I times of late years. Once Zola, Loti and
Coppee were all on it, but one by one they
were struck off. either because they
I yielded to the fascinations of the French
| Academy or because they could no longer
stand the intolerable egotism and arro
gance of old Edmond himself. Of course,
Daudet has tbe list, and no one suspects
his prolonged Goncourt friendship of in
terested motives, but it is expected that
some of the others will turn out to be more
or less of the parasitic type.
Hahom) Frederic.
rcopyright 1896 by the New York Times. J
MORE TROOPS CALLED OUT.
Cleveland's Mayor Determined to Pre
serve the Peace.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 18.— By order
of Mayor McKisaon the Cleveland Grays
marched out to the shops of the Brown
Hoist Company to-day. About ■ eighty,
members of the company were in line.
. When asked to state his reasons for call
ing out another military organization, the
Mayor said: . "I' propose to preserve the
peace of the city. .I do not propose to have
■ any such scenes of disorder as were wit
| nessed last evening." . . : • . i
The works were shut ! down at noon to
day. The neighborhood is closely watched
|by Dolice and soldiers. No demonstration
occurred when the non-union men left the
shops. To-day Attorney Russell, as the
j representative of the men, said to Presi
i dent Brown:
"Suppose I suggested a meeting between
you and three or four of your old em
ployes, such as you might name, in whom
you reDose confidence, would you agree to
• meet them?"
President Brown said 'he would ' meet
such a committee, but after a consultation
j with his attorney he said he desired to talk
j the matter over with the rest of the offi-
I cers. The opinion is ; general that if the
i president and committee can only be
j brought together there will be a speedy
adjustment.
■ . . m •• ■
Jteeeiver for n Cmr Works.
HARRISBURG, Pa., July 18.— Judge
j Simonton has appointed Arthur King re
j ceiver for the Middletown (Pa.) Car
! Works. Mr. King is the principal owner.
There are claims against tne works oJ
$57,673, and tho value of tbe plant and
material on band is about (118,000. It was
agreed by ail parties interested that tbe
business should proceed under a receiver
ship.
A Cnrm-Jn feared.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 18.— For
some days past there has been a settling of
the roof in the Conynßham shaft, and to
day ; the miners and laborers were all
ordered out of the mine. . It is feared that
a cave-in may occur i« at -j any* moment,
owing to the pillars showing weakness.
- ■■ - , - — v. . ' , « » ' ■ ■ — "• .V
Kalamatoo, Mich., is famous* for J celery. See
Thomas Slater's advertisement on page 9.
SPANISH FORCES
MEET A DEFEAT.
Inclan's Column Crushed
by Insurgents Under
Maceo.
THREE HUNDRED SLAIN.
Fierce Fighting at the Trocha
Results in a Victory for
Cuban Patriots.
AN AMBUSH OF THE REGULARS
Among the Prisoners Taken Is Gen
eral Inclan, WLo Will Be Held
as a Hostage.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 18.- A Herald
special from Key West, Fla., says:
The Spaniards under General Inclan
have sustained a crushing defeat at the
hands of the insurgents under Antonio
Maceo according to advices received by
the Cuban revolutionary leaders in this
city.
Not only was Incian's column defeated
with heavy loss, but the Cuban leaders
are informed that it is currently reported
in Havana that the Spanish general him
self captured and is now held as a pris
oner by Maceo.
The battle is said to have occurred on
July 15, near Maceo's stronghold in the
province of Pinar del Rio.
For the last two weeks the insurgents
have been very aggressive, and small par
ties have repeatedly attacked the trocha,
causing tbe Spaniards much annoyance*.
General Inclan was ordered to drive back
these detached bands of insurgents, and
for this purpose took with him 2000 men.
Maceo seems to have expected such a
movement and arranged to ambush tbe
Spaniards. The Spaniards followed the
insurgent skirmishers incautiously and
fell into the ambush.
Then the Cubans opened fire from all
sides, which threw the Spaniards into con
fusion. While the Spaniards were thus
disordered the Cubans charged, completely
routing their foes.
General Inclan made a desperate effort
to rally his demoralized forces, but was
surrounded by the Cubans and compelled ;
to surrender.
It is reported in Havana, according to
the revolutionists here, that the Spaniards |
were pursued almost to the trocha, and
lost more tnan 300 men killed and j
wounded.
There were fourteen officers among the
Killed. Cubans here also say Maceo will
hold Inclan as a hostage to save tne lives !
of prominent insurgent officers who have
been captured by the Spaniards.
SP ANISH MUTHEND PLEAD.
Protest Againtt Further Sacrifice of
Their Son*. *»", -.
MADRID, Spain, July 18.— The mother*
of a number of soldiers who were about
starting from Saragossa for Cuba have
made a protest to the Government against
their sons being sent away. The Govern
ment authorities ascribe the protests to
the influence of Cuban filibusters and are
determined to prosecute any such persons
as they may find.
•
BLOODLESS BATTLES.
Bpanimh Authorities Continue to Make
Much Ado About Nothing.
HAVANA, Ccba, July 18.— Colonel Ma
roto reports that he met the rebel party
commanded by "El Inglesito" Betan
court, Aguila and Sanchez on the Magda
leua estate, near Cidra, province 6f Matan- j
MS,
The rebels were in a strongly fortified
Dosition, but were dislodged after a bril
liant charge by the Spanish troops. The
insurgents fled in disorder, leaving twenty
two dead on the field, including Dr. Hil
ario Izquierdo, surgeon of the so-called
regiment of Matanzas, a body of sharp
shooters. The Spanish losses were two
killed and six wounded.
The troops under Colonel Albeda had
an hour's engagement with rebel forces on
the plains of Guannsmon, near Nuevo
Paz, province of Havana. The rebel
camp was de-troyed. It contained 100
j huts and 400 hammocks. The rebel losses
were eight killed and ten wounded.
A Spanish major, two sergeants and
three privates were wounded. Colonel
Albergota, while pursuing several rtbel
parties found them in a strong position
in the Rio Blanco Hills, near Jaruco,
province of Havana. He opened fire
on the insurgents, who defended
their position with great, tenac
j ity, but they were finally forced to retreat
to other hills, which were in turn taken
by the Spanish forces, after bayonet
charges. After five hotfrs' fighting the
rebels were dispersed in all directions,
leaving thirty-two dead behind them. The
Spanish losses were one killed and twenty
two wounded.
Miguel Vionda. a prominent autono
mist and a leading lawyer of Havana, was
arrested to-day on snspicion of being im
plicated in the concealment of arms re
cently captured by the police here. Senor
Vionda defended Julio Sanguilly on the
latier's trial in tnis city. Dr. Gabriel Cas
uero, a wealthy planter and prominent
citizen of Havana, was also arrested on
suspicion of being concerned in the same
affair.
A together thirty-five persons have been
arrested on suspicion of being implicated
in the concealment of. arms and other war
material seized by the police in a house
in this city a few days ago. The police
are still working on the case and it is be
lieved that other arrests will be made.
Rebels have entered the town of Ca
bezas, province of Matanzas. They sacked
the stores and burned fifteen houses. The
garrison, which made a "heroic defense,"
sustained no loss. The rebels lost one
killed and many wounded.
KANSAS C'lTl'S HIQ STORM.
During Twenty-Four Hours the Rainfall
• . : H'ns Five Incite
••: KANSAS CITY, Mo., July ; W.— Kansas
City had cause for self-congratulation to
day in the fact that she was founded upon
rock. % Nothing else could f have withstood
the fury of the rainstorm which beat down
upon the city with remorseless, fury, turn
ing the i level : streets into miUpoa<J« and
the hillsides into roaring cataracts. ... From
| shortly after 1 o'clock until 5 in the after
noon, and then after a short Intermission,
until -late -, to-night, the * rain r was x terrific
and unprecedented. When the Weather
Bureau closed at 8 p. m. 4.42 inches of ram
had fallen. Tbe rain continued with un
abated fury until nearly midnight. When
the gau^e m examined in the morning it
will show over live inches of rain in the
twenty-four houra. This will break all
previous records for the same length of
time.
LANDERDILT RECOVERING.
Members of His Family to Depart for
Summer Homes.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 18.— The con
dition of Cornelius Vanderbilt was much
improved to-day. He passed an entirely
satisfactory night and was doing well at
9:30 o'clock this morning.
At 10 o'clock Mr. Gwynne, brother-in
law of Mr, Vanderbilt, came from the
house and said the patient was much im
proved. He was able to move his right
foot and side. Ke also conversed with
the members of his family who visited the
sickroom.
Mr. Gwynne also stated that Mr. Van
derbilt's condition was so much improved
that the members of the family were al
ready thinxine about departing again to
their summer homes. "Mr. Vanderbilt,"
continued Mr. Gwynne, "asked for some
thing solid to eat, and his appetite is im
proving."
At 10 o'clock the attending physicians
issued the following bulletin: "Mr. Van
derbilt's condition continues to be en
couraging."
CAPTURED AN EAGLE.
A Living Emblem of Americanism
Caught Sapping.
BELLEVILLE, N. J., July 18.— A big
eagle, measuring six feet from tip to tip
of its wings, and nearly tnree feet high,
was captured in this place, near the water
works,, yesterday by a young man named
FisK, assisted by a friend.
Young Fisk was riding on his bicycle
along the river road, when he espied the
easle on a stump of a tree. Fiske hastened
home, and securing a horse and wagon
and providing himself with a horse
blanket, he returned with a companion to
the spot. The eagle waa still on the stump.
Ihe young man succeeded in sneaking
upon the bird, and, throwing the blanket
over it, made it a prisoner. The captured
eagle was taken home in the wagon, and
is now on exhibition at tbe home of Fisk.
THIEVES BURN A TOWN,
Only Three Business Houses Are
Left Standing at Malvern,
Arkansas.
Three Incendiaries Who Barely Escape
Lynching— One of Them
Confesses.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. July 18. — The
town of Malvern, Aik., at the junction of
the Hot Springs railway, was almost en
tirely wiped out by fire early this morn
ing. Malvern is a little city of about 6000
inhabitants. Only three business houses
remain.
The total loss is variously estimated at
from $300,000 to $400,000, only a small
portion of which is covered by insurance.
The burned buildings include the railroad
depot, two hotels, the bant and all the
principal business houses in the place.
The fire was incendiary and three men
are now in custody, having narrowly es
caped lynching. The blaze broke out about
midnight in three different places, and
as there was no apparatus nothing could
be done and the fire burned itself out.
The principal losses are : E. A. Ad
ams, $50,000; Hughes & McSay, $25,000;
W. L. Cooper & Bro., $15,000; H. A. But
ler, $10,000; H. Barnett. $3200; Powell Car
den, $5000; R. Clary. $4o00; A. M. Duffie,
$3000; Rhoden & Miller, $2000; E. Emer
son, $2000, no insurance; Bank of Malvern,
$4000; .1. F. Chamberlain, $5000.
Sheriff Fitzhuch of Malvern and a posse
arrived here to-night with the three incen
diaries. Their names are Case Williams
(colored), R. A. Miller and Eugene Ingram
(white). These men were placed in the
penitentiary for safe keeping.
Sheriff Fitzhugh says the trio would
have been lynched this afternoon by the
infuriated citizens of Malvern if he had
not removed them to Little Rook.
A dispatch received here late this even
ing stated that one of the gang had been
lynched, but the Sheriff says the report is
not true. Williams says be came from St.
Louis, while the others claim Little Rock
as their home. Miiler has made a confes
sion, implicating himself, Ingrain and
Williams. Theft was the object.
TERRIBLE FIRE AT CHICAGO.
Hundreds of Streetcars and a Itoten
Horses Are Consumed.
CHICAGO, lix., July 18.— The carbarns
of the Chicago Railway Company, at
Thirty-eighth street and Cottage Grove
avenue were completely destroyed by lire
to-night. A hundred open oars, 180 closed
cart and about fifty gripcars were burned,
besides a dozen horses, a large amount of
feed and other supplies. It is estimated
tb« loss will reach nearly $350,000, with in
surance of about $300,000.
The fire broko out at 7:30 o'clock and
spread rapidly, commencing in the hay
loft in the rear of the barns. In a few
minutes It spread over the entire building,
which cover? the greater part of a block.
The illumination drew thousands of peo
ple from every part of the* city. But for
the prompt wort of the fire department
many adjacent buildings would have been
burned. Tenants moved their belongings
out of the flat buildings next to the car
barns, but the fiats were not even scorched.
Engine 72 was demolished by a failing wall,
and Engineer Sullivan in charge was badly
injured by the falling bricßs. Transporta
tion on the Cottage Grove-avenue line was
completely blocked for several hours.
Fatlure of Publishers.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa,, July 18 The
Historical Publishing Society and
Henry Smith, individually, have made an
assignment for the benefit of "raditora.
The liabilities are stated to be $125,000 and
the assets $300,000, of which a large portion
is in machinery and stock which cannot
be immediately realized upon. Slow col
lections caused' the failure.
EFORE YOU USE A
Barsapanlla be sure you get the right kind.
There are two kinds of Barsaparilia. One
kind contains iodide of potassium and
brings out on your face pimples, boils
sores, alcers; and she other kind contains
bars-.iparilla and only herbs. The last kind
is tho beat kind, and you want tne best.
Tberef »re get
I
CHINESE DOCTORS
OF LOS ANGELES
Mongolian Medical Quacks
Who Do a Lucrative
Business.
FIND MANY PATIENTS.
The Death of an Orange County
Woman Arouses Public
Feeling.
EXPIRES AFTER TREATMENT.
Dr. Sexton Declares That Mrs. Walfer's
Demise Resulted From
Poisoning.
Los Angeles Office of Thi Call,)
328 South Broadway, V
Los Angeles, Cal., July 18. )
Chinese "physicians" have flourished in
Los Angeles during the last few years
"like a green baytree." They have in
variably been heavy advertisers. They
have.been opposed and exposed by medi
cal societies, but have gone merrily on
treating "Mehcan man," his wife and
children. Their patients have been mostly
from the country. The death of an es
teemed old lady to-day may redult in rid
ding tbe public of one of these impostors
and inaugurating a crusade acainat the
balance.
Mrs. F. Walfer, a resident of Orange
County, had a family, and was 50 years of
age. For some time she had been a suf
ferer from dropsy. This morning she
came to the city and called on a Chinese
physician for treatment. He pave her
some medicine. Mrs. Walfer then went
to the home of a friend named Miller.
She soon complained of feeling sick, and
suddenly gave a sharp cry and fell for
ward in a faint. It was impossible to re
store her to consciousness, and she died
soon afterward. Dr. Sexton pronounced
death due to poisoning. The Coroner was
summoned and the body taken to an un
dertaking room. An inquest will bo held
to-morrow.
Women Who Steal Bicycles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 18.— Women
bicycle-thieves are becoming numerous in
Los Angeles. On Wednesday morning a
young woman, giving the name of Laura
White of Twenty- third street, called at
Watts' bicycle-store and engaged a wheel
for one hour. She was well dressed and
fair to look upon. The wheel was rented
to her, and that was the last they saw of
Laura or the bike. During the past week
nine similar thefts have been reported.
TURNING THE TABLES.
Cretan Insurgents Slaughter a Boatload
of Turks.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 18.— The
Turkish legation has received from tbe
Sublime Porte the following telegram:
"The governor-general of Crete telegraphs
that the commander of the imperial sloop
of-war IsKentfor, having observed that a
few boats were getting near the village of
Kalos and being under the impression
that they were carrying ammunition to
the insurgents, sent one boat with nine
sailors and one midshipman in order to
intercept them. Armea insurgents, how
ever, stationed on the shore fired on our
boat and kiiied all its occupants."
Sturdy's Sentence Remitted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 18.—Secre
tary Herbert to-day remitted the unex
pired portion of the sentence \jx the case
of Lieutenant-Commander Edward W.
Sturdy, who in May last was suspended
for one year on reduced pay, for leaving
his vessel, the Olympia, and remaining
away without leave.
Lands for an Idaho School
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 18. -The
Secretary of the Interior has approved an
Indian school containing 92,800 acres in
the Boise City Land district.
Ireasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., July 18.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood $98,631,845. The day's
withdrawals were $264,000.
_^ WEW TO-PAY.
DR. BROWNE-SEQUARD'S
VITALIZING TABLETS.
Has wonderful success In strengthening and
invigorating old and young people who have
been run down through overwork, anxiety,
trouble, indiscretion,' excesses and old age. It
cures lack of energy, premature weakness,
loss of memory, lost, powers, sleeplessness,
nervousness, fear of failure, night sweats, de-
sire to be alone, gloomy and sad feelings, and
incapacity for marriaee. It acts at once on
the nerve-oenters, giving new life and vitality,
and restores the mind and body to vigor and
health, $1 box; 3 for $2 50 by mail, prepaid.
ROOT'S DRUG STORE,
Sixth and Howard Sts.
DR.MCNULTY:
rrmis well-known and hh liable
1 claimt treau PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NEBVOUS DISEASES O? MKN ONlit .He stops
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skla CTMaaat,
Sores ana Swellings; Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of >r«niiooa
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth ana their
terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Lou of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Error*.
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
• H. restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities ami restores the Organs t«
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous I'rucs.
Dr JtcNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on i-rl-
vat« Diseases aeut Free to all men who describe
: their trouble. Patleau cured at Home, Terms
• re uour»-s'to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:90 evening*. Saa.
i days, 10 tola only. Consultation free and sa»
i -credly confidential. Call on or address
• F. EOSCUE Me-MILTY, M. D.,
ae}4 K«arny St., San Vrancisoo, C»L
■fir Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerera for swindling doctor*,
COAL! COAL!
We11ingt0n........ 110 OO ■ . ##
bouthfleld 950 ' .-•. : . v...
Genuine Coos 8ay,.,.....;.. 6 50— Half too.' 380
Seattle:.-..'..'....: • 8 00-Haif ton. 400
Bryant .....,..,.,.., 7 00-UalUaa- 401)
■ Telephone— Black— '. v ■
KNICKERBOCKER : COAL C 0.,"
bi'A Howard Streets Near first..-»-. v M pn-Mi M I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM.
Wash Fabrics
At Smallest Prices.
We have sold more than 2000 pieces of ORGANDIES and DIMI-
TIES and 700 pieces of the popular new woven fabric called DUCKETTE
These are very large quantities, and to dealers who complnin of dull
times it may seem an improbable statement, but it is absolutely truthful.
Every statement in the EMPORIUM advertisements can be verified. We
have purchased 352 more pfeces of the DUCKETTE— aII we could get— at
a price which enables us to sell them at 9V£c a yard instead of 15c. A
charming assortment of those 40-inch IMPERIAL ORGANDIES and
many other Wash Cotton Novelties still await owners.
Swiss Tne n f w lot of these Linen All-Linen Dotted Swiss—
)r , . attractive woven goods o__al_, small pinhead and me-
UUCkette. will he ready Monday, j oWISS. dium-size woven white
Pretty figures, checks and stripes on j dots on natural color — 50 per cent less
grounds 01 brown, back, navy blue, than regular price,
porcelain blue, mixed grays and tons. 35 C> 40c, 45c, 50c.
The price for our first lot of these
goods was 15c Our price NOW Imperial Or IMP ERI A L
a i.2c a Yard rv j* MOUSSELINE— one
9Uca Organdie. O f the widest cotton
fabrics made — full 39 inches wide—
very sheer— delicate color effects —
Yard-Wide £ ren S h Percales m warranted fast— 10 yards would be
Dft , ra i oc Dresden designs— ample for any dress pattern. Instead
Percales, wide stripes, narrow of 25C) specia i pr j ce
stripes, conventional patterns — colors .*^ _ y ar _
guaranteed fast — never sold under ' _
12MC a yard. OUR sale price filAcnnw And ORGA N D I *
lOc a Yard. ™ -?- RAVES, which is in
Ul mi ties, reality a Dimity mas- |
querading under another name — in
<%rntrh Whitlaw's beautiful beautiful Dresden designs— raised
jcul GINGHAM'S in stripes stripes running the length of the
ZepnyrS. and checks — almost as piece resembling coronation braid. 1
lustrous as silk— never sold in San The width is 30 inches. They were |
Francisco before for less than 35c. bought to sell at the EMPORIUM
Offered NOW at for 15c. The clearing sale price j
29c a Yard. lOc a Yard. ,
Men's Furnishings.
Percale Shirts, 75c.
Fine French Percale Shirts— white
body, with colored bosoms and • de-
tachable cuff and Stanley Shirts, in
new patterns and color effects — our
regular $1 and $1.25 garments on
sale now at.V;.«-;.:.« ....75c each.
See Window 'Display.
All-Wool Shirts and Drawers,
75c.
Medium — all-wool gar-
ments that sell regularly at $1.50
each — carefully made— perfect fitting
—pearl buttons— we have your size
—reduced for this sale from $1.50 to
75c each.
Emboss Your Stationery
With Your Monogram.
Do it yourself with "The Mono-
. presse," a little patented novelty just
out, which costs only - - • 35c.
™-n You place your
r mm- vj,t ; paper in the
1 -. ; \3 Monopresse"
!_vpvjj and - then rub it
with the handle of
r^. A your tooth-brush
X \ vV] and your mono-
V" '.,' •. li^ gram in raised
y^>' ctters a ears at
$Mf The monogram
can be used on
linen for Embroidery Work in place .
of stamping.
"Book and Stationery "Department, first
floor, back of rotunda.
COLOMBIA COVE'S WRECK
The Undoing of a Stranded
Liner Viewed by Crowds
of Sightseers.
Souvenir-Hunters Besiege the Vessel
in Search of Relics of the
Disaster.
ON BOARD STEAMSHIP COLOMBIA,
a&hore off Pigeon Point Light (via Pesca
dero, Cal.), July 18.— The wrecking of the
steamer goes on, though tbe bay (they
call it Colombia Cove now) is calm and
the breakers stilled. The ship's people
know that at any time the waves from a
local blow, or a mountainous swell boating
in from some far off gale will drivj tbe
crew ashore and finish the work of the
reef.
Everything that can be moved and re
moved to the schooners alongsidn is
wrenched and torn from its fastenings and
hoisted over tbe rail with the slill userul
donkey-engine.
That donkey-machine has immortalized
itself. While the great main engines of
the ship lie deaH and corroding under
water, the d onkey-boilcr, perched above
the s*a, is in action, and Fireman Collins
if the sooty Casablanca who stays by the
furnace.
When the tide registers high on the
v liter-marks on the bulKnead and his fire
sizzles out he drops his shovel, washes his
fa<e in the flood that chases him from his
post and goes up the ladder. Though Col
lins is a king in a small way. he can stay
the sea no more than did Canute ages aco;
but he gets a good head of steam on before
the water laps over the gratebars and the
faithful "donkey" runs until the tide falls.
Then Collins again starts his fire and lor
a season defies the waves.
One of the foremost laborers in the work
of stripping the steamer is Ship-Carpenter
Wheaton. He assisted in building the
Colombia and is now engaged in undoing
h\~ work. With chisel and crowbar he
ruthlessly wrenches mirrors, desks, wash
stands, racks and larupn from their places
and tosses them out onto the deck to be
hossted aboard the awaiting schooners.
He removed the piano from the saloon
yesterday, but with more care than he be
stows on his other plunder. There are
three other pianos down in the flooded
hold.
The only idle person aboard the Colom
bia is Customs Inspector O'Leary, who is
here to see that nothing dutiable washes
out through the holes in ti e hulk without
his chaikmarks thereon. As he ha* po
Carpets Right in the face of a ris-
Reduced, ing market, when we little
thought of getting anywhere near
"early-season" prices, comes a dealer
with a "tale of woe." We have
made him happy bought his whole v
stock at half the regular price, for
cash. Now it is your turn to be
made happy. Watch the prices.
Best Body Brussels, including Bige-
lows and Hardfords, best makes.
Regular $1.25 goods are $1.00 a yard.
Hardford'sand Smith's Axminsters,
new-style patterns, borders to all of
them."
Regular $1.35 goods are $1.15 a yard.
. Genuine Wilton - back Velvets,
beautiful designs and colorings, with
or without border. Also Hall and
Stair.
Regular 5i. 25 goods, are 90c a yard.
Extra Quality Tapestry Brussels,
new and cheerful patterns.
Always 65c, are 49c a yard.
Union Half-wool Ingrain.
Regular 45c goods, are 25c a yard.
A Great The Genuine Kelim Smyrna
Rug Sale. Rug, same on both sides,
marked to move, a rare chance for
the thrifty "home furnisher."
500 Kelim Rugs, size 30x60 inches.
Value $4.00, for $1.75.
200 Kelim Rugs, size 32x72 inches.
4 Value $5.00, for $2.75.
100 Kelim Rugs, size 6x9 feet.
Value $12.00, for $8.00.
50 Kelim Rugs, size 7 feet 6 inches
by 10 feet 6 inches.
Value $16.00, for $11.50.
30 Kelim Rugs, size 9x12 feet..
Value $24.00, for 5 16.00. .
ttßaQSßtilttßEMVtiß
Artists', Just received a large in-
Materials. voice of assorted Super-
fine Red Sable Brushes, extra qual-
I ity, for oil and water-color painting.
New shades Enamel for zinc baths
and furniture.
Bass-Hueter Roman Gold for china
painting, best in market, 80c per box.
Chamois, Kid, Cork, Paper and
Tortillions . Stomps for crayon and
charcoal work.
Ink Erasers - •- 50c per dozen.
Tissue and Crepe Paper, new
shades. .
Latest designs .in > Paper Lamp
Shades. Paper Flowers on hand and
1 made to order.
diving suit he is unable to get down into
the hold and prevent the landing of the
cargo, and consequently he is in a quan
dary. He trusts that Deputy Collector
Bam Rudell will understand the situation.
The only foreign importations that have
escaped him thus far are about 40,000,000
limes that have tone bobbing merrily one
by one through the breakers to the beach
without permission lrom the Treasury
Department. Inspector O'Leary has missed
several cases of men's trousers from the
ship, which have gone out through the
shattered bottom and have disappeared.
The souvenir fiend has come down upon
the helpless ship. Every article worthless
for practical uses has been picked up,
whether floating or beached, and borne
away to be exhibited in after years as a
memento of Colombia Cove's last victim.
One woman tourist from Boston found on
the beach a sardine can which Joe Levy of
Pescadeo had thrown away after eating its
contents on the bluff the day before.
An old gentleman hailing from Belve
dere secured a driftinc beer- bottle and
carried it away in triumph, nor recogniz
ing it as having accompanied him to the
locality that morning. A aweet Stanford
co-ed risked her life snatching from the
salt sea waves a pocket-comb which her
escort, a football savage, had lost. He
had been combing his long, Samsonian
tresses behind a rock a la mermaid and
had dropped it overboard.
The country bwarms with midsummer
campers and the shipwreck is an addi
tional attraction for them. They come
down tbe beach, sit on the rocks and take
in the marine drama, with the poor Colom
bia occupying the center of the stage. A
bright sun lights the scene, and the or
chestral breakers play an eternal mono
chord. Other ships pass and repass tbe
little bay. gliding smoothly over the quiet
sea, and their freedom makes the condi
tion of their luckless sister, bound as she
in to a rock, all the more pitiable.
"I was listening to the Ano Nuevo fog
signal sounding off the starboard quarter,
and had not the slightest idea ol danger,"
said Captain Clark to-day, in discussing
the recent disaster. "I was sure that it
was the Pigeon Point warning, and as it
sounded so indistinct in the thick fog I
believed it was miles astern, and so kept
on, with this result. What was my sensa
tions when I felt the reef?
"Well, it was as if a knife was uoing
through me. I did not know where I was,
and the shocn of finding myself on tho
rocks, when I thought myself well at sea,
bewildered me for a few seconds. Then I
thought of the passengers and crew; of
myself I had no thought, except that 1
desired to go down on those rocks and be
ground to fragments with my ship.
"I have sailed probably six times a year
for six years out yonder, going up and
down this coast. I knew that this was a
spot to shun, and that it was the burial
place of several vessels that had wandered
in too near the reefs. Can you not im
agine how anxious I was wben the fog
carr.e down upon me, and a danger signal
horn on shore was sounding? I never
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
Oiitinn A thousand pieces of 2
•ri U"9 grades of choice Flan-
riannelS. nelettes at special EM-
PORIUM prices. , Every new idea
- in pattern and color effects is in-
cluded in this great collection. The .
same . quality .- cannot be found else-
where at the prices. ':
Good for Bath Robes, Wrappers,
Night Gowns, Infants' Garments, Pet-
ticoats and a hundred other purposes.
Best Heavy Eng-
f??3b lish Flannelette—
\_* the kind that is
o^£~*\ fuzzy on both
l'( W ' sl<^ es * m newes *
W 'A. I patterns and pret-
®iU 'iW ty fast colors —
' fS m ' 'i sss worth. 20c — EM-
. _V" ># PORIUM price
Iff V -E^ ' al ' ° yard *
i^li- : \\t->.^^ our re & ular loc
M 1 i\\ f# P ting Flannels,
m, i \ \\ Am- m - stripes and .
= V\& checks-light and
':•£•"', \ I \\ dark colors — re-
J. __V»\j duced for this sale
2?*- 1 "* 3 t0....8 l-3ca yard
'Nil 1 n ■ i»r*irT*TWi* r ~~T'T gr wr~~
\ Address Mail Orders j^gf^ jf& Send for OUR Mid- |
the EMTOT{IUM Mail *Y£ *m J^^b^^ J£sS msL+ mM M _L_hV* summer Special Cata- V
Order Department, San _* Iff/* UtTtl MMi7 M J J MMi logut, just out. It's free \
-Francisco. %/liC' %U J I %JV\J 14€W 11/ for the asking. e\
GATHERERS OF THE WORLD'S LATEST STYLE A^D F^SHIOU^S. r ] ,". 1
■ g dT>i • Big sales last week, but this week's selling must exceed it, for . the price- 5
ShGV I \€**\{*tf\€A * cutters in all departments have again been at work and have "done their c,
<JUiy • UCQIIIIIja* worst"-"worst" for us, but best for you. V
HAVE YOU A FURNITURE NEED? i
We sell for cash— for cash only— in this city of credit furniture houses. There is only one way in which we can
compete with "easy terms" furniture dealers, and that is by selling so near to manufacturers' cost that it is : utterly
Impossible for them to sell at OUR prices and give time to their customers.- Credit houses must pay .bookkeepers,
collectors, lose interest on outstanding moneys and make a profit besides. That means 50 per cent added to the cost
Of course you know that if you DEMAND to per cent or 15 per cent for cash elsewhere you can get it— but is that honest
business f It is not our way.
Here's some Furniture marked the other way— cash way :
< A Parlor Suite for $19.25.
It's like the picture— made of polished hardwood— covered with a dependable tapestry— with silk" plush
bands. WE SELL THE PIECES SEPARATELY. ." . '. . • . .
SOFA $7.00. PLATFORM ROCKER $5.50. ARMCHAIR $5.00. RECEPTION CHAIR $3.00. •
. : - > Aetter goods at proportionately low prices. W* would recommend the buying of bigber-priced goods. 'But look into the
matter for your own interest. _..',' .'". -)
Large Sofas $10.50 Each. •■■ • ■ -■
We have a dozen ONLY— very large Sofas from Broken Parlor Suites, covered in handsome tapestries — a variety,
of styles and woods. This is an unusual opportunity if you need a sofa.  . •
Turkish Couches $5.25 Up. Box Couches $9.00. Bed Lounges $5.50 Up.
These comfortable long Lounges, Like picture — made of cedar — coy- Very good, • ; comfortable •• ' Bed
covered with Portieres. Almost any ered with good, stout tapestries— Lounges for $5.50. Probably : you
color you may want to match the moth-proof — place for stor- couldn't buy similar ones under $10
other furnishings of the room. | ing away party dresses, millinery, etc. on the credit plan. .y\- "■' |-Ij
Third floor rear for all these. / v y
heard the Pigeon Point signal, though it
was so near. If I had caught a note of
that whistle, Low quickly I would have
steered for the open ocean, and have pre
vented this," and the captain motioned
toward the hull that reeled uneasily
beneath our feet.
"This is my first mishap and no one can
know how it iakes roe," he continued.
"My wife and my daughter, the latter of
whom has just graduated from the uni
versity, are in Massachusetts. They will
immediately return; their pleasant visit
ing is quickly brought to an end.
'■But I have one consolation, and that
is that no lives were lost. There is no sad
ness in any home but my own. I wish
this vessel could be saved. She is too
good a ship to be lost. She was so perfect
in every way that every one who sailed in
her became attached to her.
"Even now the Colombia could be saved
if the proper appliances were at hand.
The water is deep around the narrow ledge
of rocks on which she lies so easily. Ves
sels, lighters, pontoons of any draught
could be moored alongside of her and her
hull lifted clear. If she had gone ashore
within forty miles of New York or any
large Atlantic seaport she would not have
been abandoned to become a scrap-iron
heap on the beach. When somebody pro
vides a modern and effective wrecking
outfit the Pacific coast will cease to be a
graveyard for ships."
POT AND KETTLE.
▲ Cornet Player Cause* the Arrest of a
Snor«T for Making t% Noise.
Because he snores heavily in his sleep,
John Barry was arrest- d recently on a
warrant charging him with disturbing the
peace. Martin Albert, a cornetist, made
the charge against him.
Albert and several other families oc
cupy rooms in an apartment house at 211
Burnett street, and all of them have been
kept awake nights by the heavy breathing
of Barry, who is also a tenant there. None
of those annoyed by Barry's snoring knew
whore the noise came from until Albert
traced it to Barry's room. Then he awak
ened Barry and appealed to him to desist.
Barry said he slept better for si.oring,
and as he did not hear the noise himself
did not bother about it.
This r- 'iced Albert, so he appeared be
fore Retu. ler Sullivan to-day and charged
Barry with b ii«» a disturber of the peace.
Recorder bm.ivan thought enough of
the case to send a policeman after Barry,
and he was arraigned in court this after
noon. The defendant said tliaiil he snored
he did not know it, and, what was more,
he did not intend to siay up nights to pre
vent it. Recorder Sullivan could find no
law under winch he couid hold Barry, and
Albert could not suggest a ylan to stop the
racket. Barry was then discharged.—
Philadelphia Record.
Domestic servants in India are paid
about 5 shillings a week, with board.
Chinese £_? the "I 05 *, unique
Chinese and Japanese
Bazaar* Bazaar in any depart-
ment store in America. Our Chi-
nese clerks are courteous and atten-
tive and speak the English language
fluently. Inspect our goods freely at
all times without fear of being per-
sistently solicited to purchase.
Here are some specials in this de-
partment tor Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday :
JAPANESE PAPER NAPKINS—
Just the thing for picnics and large
parties — scalloped edge — fancy bor-
ders—regular price 30c per 100— now
*.!5c per 100.
Pretty Blue and White China Cup
and Saucer for 5 o'clock tea sets —
really worth 25c... Will be sold at 10c.
BUTTER PLATES— The kind
usually sold at 25c a dozen— now
marked 10c a dozen.
TERRA - COTTA TEAPOTS,
which would be cheap at 25c, during
the Special Sale Days lOc each.
NORTHERN WOODS ABLAZE
Vast Tracts of Forest Near
Spokane Swept by a
Sea of Fire.
Millions of Feet cf Timber Destroyed
and Great Damage Done in
Mining Camps.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 18.— Forest
fires are raging throughout the country
north of this city in Washington, Idaho
and British Columbia. Millions of feet of
timber has already been destroyed, and
throughout numerous mining camps situ
ated in tbe path of the fires great damage
is being done in the destruction of prop
erty. The smoke here is so dense as to
almost hide the sun, and at Rossland and
other towns to the north tbe atmos
phere is so laden with smoke and the heat
from the burning trees is so intense that
life is made almost unbearable. Many
citizens are flocking to this city for relief.
LOSE ROCK FLAME-SWEPT.
The Entire Buainrta Section of the Town
JieMtrnynd. .
: ARLINGTON, Ob., July 18.— The - town
of Lone Rock was almost, entirely de
stroyed :by : fire yesterday. The business
portion of the town went up in smoke and
nothing remains but a few dwellings in
the outskirts. A small boy with a pocket
full of matches was the cause. . .
Lone Rock is on Long, Creek in t Gilliam
County. -It is twenty-six , southeast
of Condon, ; the county seat. There is > a
stage to Arlington 1 and a daily mail. ; < The
town .was started in • 1870 and 'in 1892,' ac
cording to the directory, the business men
were: W. C. Brown, hotel-keeper; W. H.
Colwell, jeweler; J. B. Goff, postmaster
and druggist; Lewis Miller, butcher; R. 8.
Robinson,; general storekeeper; William
buhl, blacksmith; William Veatch, hotel
keeper; Edward Wineland, sawmill pro
prietor, and W. R. Woods, butcher. •.
Pine 'Ridge Lumber Mill Burned.
FRESNO, Cal., July 18 —Landale Bros.'
sawmill, box factory and lumber-yard
on Pine Ridge were destroyed by fire last
night. The yard contained 50,000 feet of
lumber, all of the present season's cut.
The lire started in the boiler-room of tbe
mill, but it is believed to have b«>«n of in
cendiary origin. Tne loss was about $10,
--000. with only $1000 insurance. Landale
Bros, purchased the miil two years ago.
Trunks — Bags — Valises.
Want a trunk
tthat the baggage-
smasher can't
smash at the
price of the ordi-
nary kind ? A
trunk that is
proof against
dampness, that
has all the latest
wrinkles in trays,
locks, fittings,
etc. ? We are
selling just that
kind at one small
profit above cost
of making.
Every necessary
article for travel-
ing outfits at rea-
sonable prices —
no fancy profits.
Trunks and Sample Cases made to
order.
Trunk Repairing a Specialty.
It was one of the oldest on tbe ridge and
has cut many millions of feet of lumber.
Landale Bros, say they will rebuild.
Sentence of iteavlt.
BANTA FE, N. M., July 18.— In the
United States Supreme Court to-day Judge
Laughlin sentenced James Addison Peralta
Reavis, convicted of conspiracy to de
fraud the Government in connection with
the Peralta land grant case, to two years'
imprisonment and to pay a fine of $5000.
QUEEN OF THE LAKES.
The City of Buffalo Beats the North-
-west in a Lake Frie Race.
For some time there has been much
• peculation as to the speed of the new
steamer City of Buffalo of the Cleveland
and Buffalo line. On a recent trip she re
duced the time record from Buffalo to
Cleveland to eight hours and forty min
utes. The two steamers Northwest and
Northland of the Northern Steamship
Company have hitherto waved the speed
pennant on the waters of Lake Erie, but
> the new rival for championship hon
! ors has been regarded with absorbing in
terest of late by Commodore Brown of the
Northern line. A match was arranged for
this week, and last night was selected, be
cause 160 members of the International
League of Press Clubs were to make the
tri{> from Buffalo to Cleveland.
The news flew like wildfire throughout
Buffalo. It quickly became known that
the Northwest, lying at the foot of Main
street, bad taken aboard seventy-five extra
tons of coal and twenty extra firemen.
When the regular leaving time for tne City
of Buffalo arrived, 1000 people had gath
ered on the docks alone the river. The
Northwest swung away from the dock at
8:30, central time, and the hues on the
City of Buffalo, a little above on the river,
were cast off half a minute later. As the
big steamer* moved down the river the
crowd cheered and the whistles of the tugs
and steamers in the harbor gave them a
noisy Bend-off.
The Northwest cast off the tne and got
under way at 8:58. Three minutes later
the City of Buffalo began to turn. The
Northwest had a slight advantage at the
start, and took a position off the port bow
of the City of Buffalo. The side-wheeler
quickly closed the gap. and when dark
ness came the lights off the Northwest
twinkled off the port quarter of the City
of Buffalo and slowly disappeared.
The City of Buffalo checked engines off
the breakwater at Cleveland at 5:52 k. m.,
| and exactly one hour and twenty minutes
later the Northwest slowed down in the
place. The distance by ohatt is 176 miles.
The Northern steamship company say
that the Northland is the fastest of their
boats, but it is the general opinion among
the lake men tb.s morning that the new
aide-wheeler can beat either of them
easily and is queen of the lanes. The
average speed ot the City of Buffalo was
Best Dress Fabrics,
Almost Given Away.
Count your 50-cent pieces as dollars and get to our Dress Goods sec-
tion quick— before the best things are — before . the color you want is
' gone. These are not the flimsy goods that promise so much to the eye of
inexperience— the kinds are so disappointing when made up. They
are the right sorts— very best sorts — notwithstanding the absurdly low
f rices asked.
Colored Dress Goods.
At 26c a yard— 3B-inch Silk-Mixed Suiting— will sell on sight at this price.
At $2.50 a suit— 3B-inch English Pinhead Checks — silk armure stripes--
pure mohair melanges, etc. — ample quantity goods for any style suit.
', (A window full of specimen styles.)
. At $2.65 a suit— 4B-inch Silk Raye Effects— one of the most excellent of
. the fabrics for summer wear. - ; :[ ; ;
At 25c a yard — 40-inch Swivel Serge— pure wool and 40 inches wide —
fashionable colorings— enough said.
1 This season's Novelty Suits . must go and prices are cut again to effect
this end. Our Navy Serges in small, medium and wide wale effects are
marked at prices which preclude competition.
Black Dress Goods.
a Three Remarkable Leaders.
i'-j'At 50c a yard— 3B-inch Lizard Cloth, in neat designs— a high novelty-
worth 750
At 59c a 46-inch Moharane and Mohair Figured Cloth— but recently
introduced— excellent value at 85c. , _.„ .
At 98c a yard— 46-inch Satin Figured Princess, In various designs— worth
o at least $1.25.
Sat least $1.25. LARGEST STOCK of MOURNING VEILS AND
We carry the LARGEST STOCK of MOURNING VEILS AND
I VEILING in . the city, and we have marked them MUCH LOWER than
g) . similar goods can be bought for elsewhere.
Is, i| ,' m'linHfc.,H ,' I rHHUr 1 si ll lnlMlWW»rf T i r T>l"i l * \**\WHi+ , r^H|
Millinery Cannot stop to ; consider
Reduced, cost now. Surplus stocks
must go for what they will bring. A
pretty Paris Hat can be had now for
less 1 than home-made - hats would
have cost a few weeks ago.
. _^X ' _-3-^ Nobby Sailor
v _B^'^H^ J> Hats, best Sennet
> "* -_r^ braid, white or
W** *f colored all - silk
> Jl/ band. Reduced
X^T/ from $2.25 to
St^fflfc. $1.38 Each.
Untrimmed Straw Hats, stylish
shapes, novelty braids, from
38c up.
Excellent quality Rose with Bud
. and Foliage,yellow, tea, pink or Jack,
reduced to . - .
, 7 :;r, 12c a Bunch.
"Forget- not" Wreaths for
Children's Hats, light blue, yellow,
olive, pink, cream and ruby, reduced
to lie and 18c Each.
Drug Department.
Get What . Get ' the , Prescription
The Doctor at he writes for you
Orders Here. fi»ed at the EMPO-
Orders Here. R i UMfor
. • : -. r^' 25c, •
Unless some unusually expensive in-
- gredient is ordered — then actual cost
—get pure, fresh ' drugs — get the in-
gredients the Prescription calls for
without "substitution, of ■ some "just-
; as-good" article. ' ■',; .;",:
V:,- Physicians and others are invited
. to , inspect ■ our very complete Pre-
-1 . scription and Surgical Appliances'
Departments. ' . . ",'-,-
Compare | our., regular prices - with
.the lowest cut prices you know of .
tAnli-Kamnia Powders, 10 grains
1 each ........ ...... :..~.........d for 25c
Phenacetin Towders, 10 grains
> - each .......■""'•""— —''"6 for 25c
Canada OAedical Malt Whisky .....25c
', "Powdered cAlumU...'.". .toe Ib
Powdered Borax. ........... .... r ioc Ib
'■: Epsom 5a1t5'.. ...... .................... ioc Ib
■ ;-'.: Precipitated Chalk. i.........20c Ib
Boracic Acid ......45c Ib
'A1c0h0L..............:.....'"— 40c pint
1 Whispbrooms.: 12c
. Curling Irons —..5c
19^ knots per hour. She carried 105
pounds of steam, and her average revolu
tions per minute were 27}-s. Bhe" was built
by the Detroit Drydock Company and
launched last May. Her engines have de
veloped 5840 horsepower. The Northwest
was built by the Globe tiliip-building Com*
pany of Cleveland, and launched in 1893.
Captain Miner commanded the Northwest
in the race and Captain Edwards the City
of Buffalo.— Cleveland dispatch to the New
York Sun.
COLLECTING BENT.
The Old Lady Took Her Knitting and
Waited on the Dooratep.
! Commend me to the old lady in Roches
ter who sought novel and successful means
of collecting her house rent last week. She
was an old lady of ideas and a knowledge
of human nature gleaned from a lifetime
of expeiience with the world. She owned a
house and lot in Rochester, and the in
come from it was the substance upon
which she depended ,' for life's . necessities.
It was rather an ostentatious house and
lot, and ttie tenants were i persons with a
reputation to tain, although apparently
] c mbarrassed - for ' ready money. . The
I month's rent was due and the agent was
i not able to collect.
The old lady said it was simple enough.
She would collect it herself. Now, she
wasn't a stylish nor an artistic old lady,
but she was sturdy and imperturbable and
her proportions were ample and her spirit
unfaltering. She 'rang the door bell at an
; early hour the other morning and inquired
! for the head of t the family. The servant
glowered at her and said he was not to be
seen yet for two hours, because the family,
had not yet risen. : The • early caller was
cheerful and said she would sit on the
doorsteps and wait.
;; Finally ; she was granted an - audience
with her tenant, who put ' her off with
smooth .promises. ''I'll just sit here and
wait till you can pay it, r replied the right
eous collector, and she settled herself once
more. on the doorstep, took some i knitting
from her basket and prepared to, spend
the day. She made a quaint-looking pic
ture, and all the ■ neighbors ■wondered.
When any one came within conversing
distance and stared rudely at her, she ex
plained ■', in a ' friendly . way that she ; was
waiting: till the tenants paid their rent.
She looked : truthful, and •no one - doubted
her, and her plan worked, like -a; charm.
The rent was p»id , long , before sundown,
and she ambled home more than ever con
vinced that nothing is impossible. —
delphia Press. % , .' ■'..'
» » •
By. far the bast method of suppressing
the smoke nuisance is to improve the com
bustion of • a furnace. A v device recently
tried in Glasgow consists of a door of pe
culiar construction that sets up eddies in
the gases," and thus delays the progress of
the smoke until it has been burned up.
Practical tests showed the most satisfac
tory, results. ; : . •'■■•
Candy in We pack Candy in Tin
Tin Boxes. Boxes for country ship-
ment without any extra cost. It
keeps fresh and cannot possibly get
crushed while en route.
Best French Candy, mixed, as good
as any and better than most 50c
Candy that can be bought.
35c a pound, 3 pounds for $1.00.
Cloaks and Suits.
Too many of them. All new goods.
Prices talk. Every article in the de-
partment cut. Cut deep. A few of
the many bargains.
• Second Floor Front.
££2$ All-wool Capes,
v*v navy or ' black,
embroidered as in
y^tfEfTMffi*^ cut. Were $6.50,
now $2.25.
f Cloth Jackets,
©iiL^-^^ fgu, Cloth Jackets,
style as in' cut,
/^/\*alfsv7 desirable shade of
.f/'_f\ c W\4 tan. Were $12.50,
L ; <_P_ o afev^ now
f// — ■ ■ ■ ■
_/?s&3fi\K>» All-wool Mixed
II rjmj\swfcfj Grays, style as in
'K^SflSSr cut, si lined
Jacket. Were
m W'%^ $12.50, now
Summer Clearing Sale.
Deep Cuts in Prices.
$2.50 Duck Suits, cut t0......:.....5i.45
50c Shirt Waists, cut t0..~...... 39c
$1.50 Shirt Waists, cut t0..~...... 89c
S3' 50 "Black Figured Mohair
■ Skirts, cut t0.......... .........$3.25
$8.50 Silk Teiticoats, cut to- $5.00
$3.00 Dimity Shirt Waists, cut
t0.......... St. 4B
ATTACKS AN ETHEL GIRL
Miss Flannigan Twice Saved
From a Stranger by a
Watchdog.
Citizens of the Washington Village
in Arms Against Her
Persecutor.
TACOMA, Wash., July 18.— Jennie
Flannigan, a 17-year-old girl who lives on a
farm near Ethel, Lewis County, claims
she has been twice attacked by a strange
man in the oast two months. The stranger
visited the house a month ago in tbe
absence of her father. His appearance
frightened the girl and she attempted to
escape, but he seized a flatiron and told
her that if she made an outcry he would
kill her. She reached for a hunting
knife, but the man was too quick and
secured the knife himself. Just then tbe
family watchdog entered the house and
the stranger beat a hasty retreat, shouting
as he ran that she nad not seen the last of
him.
Miss Flannigan saw nothing more of the
man until Wednesday. Then, while she
was walking twenty rods from the house,
he suddenly stepped from the brush ana
caught her by tho hair. A bard struggle
followed, and he dragged her by the hair
for several rods. He was again scared
away by the dog, but in the struggle he
tore the girl's dress ott.
Sheriff Carpenter and Deputy Black
well, when notified of tnis secoud attack,
made a thorough search in the surround
ing woods, but could find no trace of the
girl's assailant. According to Miss
Flannigan, the stranger has red hair that
reaches to his Bhoulders. The neighbor
hood has been greatly aroused by the
girl's story.
LAKE CITY ROBBERY.
The San Juan Road Toll-Taker Change*
,-„ -Sis; Headquarters.
v NEVADA CITY, CAL;V\JuIy 18.— A
vegetable peddler ; was stopped by a road
agent on the Eureka road, near Lake City,
this morning and robbed of $40. The rob
ber had ■no . mask on, was .in -; his shirt
sleeves, and his description answers to
that of the : man who has been collecting
toll? in this vicinity ior several weeks past.
American JUver Trout.
PLACER VILLE, Cal., July 18.— John
Melton, a mine operator in Trinity and El
Dorado counties, to-day brought to town
400 brook trout wnich two men caught in
the American River iv an hour and twenty
minutes.
56
ACCUSES A SAN
JOSE CAPITALIST,
Mrs. Louise Kruse Brings
Suit Against Abram
King.
ROBBERY IS ALLEGED.
The Aged Ex-Banker Charged
With Thefts From Her
Father's Estate.
STEPHEN HOBSON HIS WAED.
Acted as Guardian for an Incompe
tent for Over Twenty
Years.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 18.— Louise J.
Kruse, administratrix of the estate of
Stephen Hobson, deceased, to-day began
suit in the Superior Court against Abram
King, a retired banker and capitalist of
this city, to recover $9777 87, which it is
alleged King, while acting in the capacity
of guardian of Stephen Hobson, appro
priated to his own use. Nearly $700 C in
terest on tne amounts alleged to have
been taken by King is also demanded.
On April t>. IB7t>, King was appointed
guardian of HoL»on, who was feeble
minded and menially incapacitated, to
look after his affairs. He acted. in tbe
capacity of guardian for nearly twenty
years. It is alleged that dar
ing that time King took sums
of money from the incompetent's
estate and converted them to his own use.
Mrs. Kruse, the only child of Stephen
Hobson, applied for letters of guardian
ship of her father last summer. The ap
plication was contested by King, but after
a long iejral tight Mrs. Kruse was granted
letters of guardianship on December 20.
She at once demanded an Itemized ac
count of the receipts and -expenditures of
the estate from Kin^r, but the latter re
fused to render an account.
The complaint alleges that when King
was appointed guardian of Stephen Hob
son's estate he came into possession of
real property valued at over $20,000
and $8927 worth of personal prop
erty belonging to the incompetent. Dur
ing the twenty years h. ing had charge
of the property he rendered but four ac
counts. The complaint is lengthy, and
enumerates the lalse returns made by
King to the court. Tbe plaintiff asks for
judgment for the following' sums, with in
terest at 7 per cent from the dates men
tioned, it being alleged that King appro
priated these to his own use: February
10, 1879, $434 50; April 11, ISB3, $3343 06 ;
April 2, 1888. $1650 01; May 4, 188 S. $3000;
May 16, 1892, $350 3u; February 20, 1892,
$1000. The interest amounts to nearly
$7000, and makes the sum sued for over
$16,000.
Stephen Hobson died in this City, Feb
ruary 14, 1896, and left au estate valued at
neany $40,000. Mrs. Kruse was appointed
admistratrix of her father's eatats.
Colonsl McUlincy's Estate.
SAN JOSB, Cal., July 18. — Coroner
Secord to-day applied for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate of Colonel R.
P. McGiincy, one of murderer Dunham's
victims. The estate is valued at $1500, ana
consists principally of peraonal property.
CAPTURED ON CATALINA.
Shtrifr Oswald of Bakersfield Arrests a
Supposed Penitentiary Escape
From Montana.
AVALON. Catalika 16lasp, July 18.—
"You are my prisoner," remarked Sheriff
Oswald of Bakersheld last night, as he
clasped a pair of iron bracelets around the
wrists of C. L. OEcer, proprietor of the
shooting gallery here. The officer was ac
companied by Deputy J. H. Barnhill of
Los Angeles, and the two men led the
prisoner to their room at the Sea Beach
Hotel, where they kept guard over him all
night, leaving for Los Angeles on the early
boat this morning.
Sheriff Oswald says Oficer is really
Charles Russell, an escaped convict from
the Deer Lodge (Mont.) Penitentiary,
whose crime was robbery. Russell es
caped in 1893 and bad eluded the officers
since. He claims that certain marks on
Oncers' person tally exactly with those of
the criminal, and the fact that he is a
sure shot emphasizes the similarity of de
scription. It was a great surprise to Ofi
cer's friends here, who regarded him as a
good fellow. He lias been here about three
months, coming from Bakershohi, wnere
he had a shooting gallery.
Oficer claims it is a case of mistaken
identity. He said he could establish his
innocence and would return to the island
and resume business to-morrow. He said
he was a guard at the Deer Lodge peniten
tiary when Kussell made his escape, and
in that way got mixed up with it. The
officers, however, are confident that they
have tbe right man.
POWER FROM THE STANISLAUS.
Motor Energy to Be Supplied to Mines in
Tuolumne and Calareras
Counties.
MURPHYB, Cal., July 18.-A project is
now under way for the erection of a power
plant on tbe middle fork of the Stanislaus
River, about eight miles from Murphys,
to supply power to the mi.ies along the
mother lode, in Tuolumne and Calaveras
counties. The owners of the water-right,
Messrs Linn and Batten of Murphys, have
had a survey made and with a ditch and
flume 13% miles long can obtain a head
of 1280 feet, which would be equal to three
horsepower per miners' inch; and* the
river will supply 5800 inches of water in
the driest season of the year, wuicn would
mean 17,400 horsepower. By the addition
of a reservoir this could be increased to
20,000 horsepower and by stepping the
voltage up to 20.000 or 30,000 volts any sur
plus of power could be transmitted to
Stockton.
That the projectors mean business can
readily be seen, as they have a complete
map of mines in both counties, showing
position of power plant, have man work
ing on their ditch, have taken steps to
secure a franchise from Taolumne County
to ran power wires along the public roads
where necessary, and have already ob
tained one from Calaveras County.
From mbrria to Seattle.
BEATTLE, Wash., July 18.— Samuel
Hill, vice-president of the Great Northern
Railway Company, wired to Judge
Thomas Burke to-day from Minneapolis
baying mat the project consummated yes
terday, whereby an Oriental steamship
line with Tokio and Seattle as termini,
was a deal of international importance.
The line wiil also connest Seattle and the
Great Northern with the Pacific terminus
of the great Siberian railway, as Yusen
Kwaisha steamers run regularly from
Yokohama to Vladivostock, where the-
Siberian road terminates.
MONTECITO WILL FILED.
Mrs. Richardson's Aged Father to Inherit
the Murdered Woman's
Estate.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 18.—
Public Administrator A. M. Ruiz to-day
applied for letter? of administration upon
the estate of Mrs. Mary H. L. Richardson,
who was assassinated in Montecito several
weeks ago. The property is scheduled as
follows: The Montecito villa, value $6000;
other unimproved property in Montecito,
$5000; part of Santa Barbara city block
232 at the corner of Haley and Bath streets,
$2000; corner of Santa Barbara city block
89, $800; east quarter Santa Barbara city
block 272, $1500; lot in Santa Barbara
block 256, $800; personal property, $2000.
Total, $19,100.
The Public Administrator filed a will
executed on October 27, 1594. It devises
the testatrix's entire estate to her daughter
Ethel. Ethel was dead at the time of her
mother's death, and the law of California
is said to be so framed that the estate will
go to Mrs. Richardson's relatives. The
petition for probate states that "the next
of kin of said testatrix, whom your peti
tioner is advised and believes and there
fore alleges to be the only heir-at-law of
said testatrix, is her father, Charles Lang,
age unknown to your petitioner, and who
now resides at Canaan, in the State of
Vermont."
SAN LUIS CRISPO'S FLIGHT.
Unable to Dispose of Bonds for a A«u
Setter System,
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., July 18.-The
City Trustees have been experiencing
Considerable trouble in floating the $34,000
sewer bonds which were ordered issued by
a two-thirds vote of the citizens some few
months ago. In tbe hope of selling tbe
bonds, which were created for the pur
pose of extending the sewer system, the
board advertised Tor bids for sewer con
st ruction. On the eve of opening these
bids tne Trustees were astonished to learn
that a compiaint bad been riled in tue
Superior Court prayinp for an injunction
restraining the board from selling the
bonds.
The court issued no restraining order
and the Trustees again advertisea for bids,
rejecting those formerly submitted. On
July 15 the board received new bids and
was amazed to find tnat the lowest bid
was $2000 in excess of the lowest former
bid, but the contractors gave as tneir
reason for the sudden increase that a law
suit might involve a long delay. To cap
the climax A. and I. Sutro of San Fran
cisco came down last night and were pre
pared to take the bonds, which were made
ready for delivery this morning, but to
day the Sutros informed the Trustees thai
as a local water company was pressing an
appeal in the Supreme Court on the water
bonds and as this would probably affect
the sewer bonds in time they would not
take the bonds.
BIG SANDY VALLEY CRIME
Joaquin Jake, an Indian Sorcerer,
Held for Murdering His
Nephew.
Believed to Have Shot tbe Lad to
Inspire Fear in His
Tribesmen.
FRESNO, Cal., July 18.— The prelimi
nary examination of Joaauin Jake, the
Indian medicine man, on a charge of mur
der, xras held at Academy, in tbe foothills
of this county, yesterday, and he was held
for trial in the Superior Court. The ex
amination was conducted by Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Jones before Justice Phil
lips.
Jake is charged with deliberately shoot
ing a two-year-old child at bis rancheria
in Big Bandy VaJiey. The child was his
nephew and there was no provocation for
the deed, except that Jake was a medicine
man and carried out a whim. For years
Jake has ruled over the Indians of Big
Sandy. His brethren all feared him and
were willing to do anything at his bid
ding. Frequently he performed supersti
tious rites and the Indians were imbued
with the idea that he was guided by
spirits.
Joaquin Jake, when seen in jail, claimed
that he killed the child accidentally. He
says he left his hut to go hunting, and
that the boy came running up to him to
play. In a playful manner he poked the
boy with tne gun, and it was discharged.
Jaice says be regretted the deed very much,
for he loved his nephew.
Other Indians who lived at the rancheria
tell a different story. They say that Jake
called to tbe child to come to him, and as
the little fellow came running up he delib
erately leveled his rifle and shot the boy.
Deputy District Attorney Jones believes
that Jake killed his nephew to cause
the other Indians to fear him and
to snow them what he could do
as medicine man. When Coroner Long
held an inquest on the body, the Indians
who witnessed the killing wonld not
testify; but at the preliminary examin
ation yesterday they told all they knew.
At the time of the inquest they were still
afraid of Jake, bur during the murderer's
confinement iv jail in this city the tribes
men have gained courage. They desire to
"get even" with Jake for having exercised
an unjust rule over them.
Arrested for Attempted Murder.
FRESNO, Cal., July 18.— Ed Bochard is
in jail here, charged with shooting 8.
Lehmann and bis daughter Carolina while
they were driving along Blackstone ave
nue several days ago. Bochard has been
under suspicion ever siuce. An investi
gation of his movements on that night
strengthened that suspicion, and he was
arrested. He and Lenraann had trouble
over a settlement of wages. Lebmann's
daughter wiil recover. Lehmann was not
badly hurt.
Washed Ashore on ftatnbior Island.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 18.'— Word
reached here to-day by the steamer Burt
that the body of a young woman was
washed ashore on Gambier Island. The
body was dressed in blue serge, and was
that of a white person, but unknown to
the people of the island or neighborhood.
Identification will be difficult owing to the
apparent lengtn of time the body was
in the water. The Coroner will investi
gate.
Death •/ an Et Dorado Pioneer.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., July 18.— Neil
Gallagner died to-day at Kelsey, eight
miles north of Piacerville, at an advanced
age. He came to this county in 1849 from
Australia and gained a large fortune in
mining. He is survived by a son living at
Blue Canyon, Placer County, and a daugh
ter, Mrs. J. H. Ashley, of Ban Francisco.
His wife died recently and was buried at
Greenwood. Gallagher was one of the
few original forty-niners still living in old
El Dorado County.
Proceed* of Monterey's Celebration.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 18.-A finan
cial statement of Secretary 8. J. Duck
worth of the recent semi-csntennial cele
bration shows a balance on band of $35399.
The receipts from all sources were $3693 15.
and the disbursements amounted to
$3339 16.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJKDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
SEATTLE'S GANG
OF SWINDLERS
Great Northern Railroad
Robbed by Clever
Thieves.
THEIR LEADER CAUGHT,
Charles A. Edwards Arrested
by a Detective for the
Company.
IN LEAGUE WITH EMPLOYES.
Dealt in Tickets Which Conductors
Took Up but Failed to
Punch.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 118.— Charles A.
Edwards, a well-known local newspaper
man, formerly editor of the Spokane Sun
day Sun, and a son of United States Com
missioner A. C. Edwards of Alaska, was
locked up iv the County Jail to-day at
the instance, it is said, of James J. Hill,
president of the Great Northern Railway.
His arrest has caused a sensation in rail
road circles. He was captured just as he
was about to leave for Canada.
With the aid of a half-dozen spotters
the Great Northern has unearthed a game
of wholesale fraud by which the road has
lost many hundreds of dollars. Edwards
was the head of a gang which worked the
swindle, and he was assisted by three or
four crooks, whose names have not been
given out because they are still at large,
together with a number of the most
trusted passenger employes of the road.
One crew running between Seattle and
Spokane has already been suspended, and
more suspensions will follow. The spot
ters who are at work on the case had been
trying for several days to get Edwards to
confess, but he refused, and list night,
when threatened with arrest, he prepared
to nee, but was caught this morning while
he and his pretty young wife were about
to board a steamer for Victoria.
The warrant against Edwards was sworn
to in Justice McElwain's court by H. C.
Winslow, a Deputy Sheriff of Pierce
County, and the arrest made at his request
by a police officer. The complaint charges
simply that Edwards, on the 30th of June,
obtained money under false pretenses by
representing to M. R. Stacey and others
that he could, by reason of his close rela
tions with Great Northern employes, send
men to Spokane from Seattle for $7 50, and
failed to do so. Stacey, who is an ex-police
officer, is now a detective for the Great
Northern. He and George Bordeaux and
W. F. Lord, the latter known as "Keno
Kid," met Edwards in Seattle, so they al
lege, and paid him $7 50 to send them to
Spokane. Edwards, on the night of Tues
day, June 30, locked them in a combin- i
ation baggage and mail car on a Great .
Northern train, and they started for Spo
kane. At Cascade Tunnel, just beyond ,
the switchback, the car was overhauled by
the trainmen, and Stacey and bis two com- '
panions thrown out.
This is the basis of the action brought |
against Edwards to-day. Back of it lies a
story of fraud and of efforts by the rail
road company to unearth the employes in
collusion with the swindlers, when Ed
wards was searched in Justice McElwaiu's
court to-day on his person were found
some flash tickets and one or two genuine
Great Northern tickets, with telegrams and
letters of a private nature. It was alleged
that one letter of an incriminating nature
was torn up by Edwards at the police sta
tion and thrown away, but tne pieces were
picked up and will be pasted together.
The flash tickets are exactly like the
Great Northern tickets, except as to the
reading. Under instructions from the
prosecuting attorney's office these papers
were returned to Edwards, but a record of
them was taken. Edwards was held in
$500 bonds to appear next Friday morning
at 9 o'clock for a preliminary examination.
By that time, it is believed, a new warrant
will have been procured against him for
the more important charge of conspiracy
and swindling the Great Northern.
Edwards is said to have made tne state
ment that he and his gang were reaping a
harvest by the scheme. Conductors in
league with him would fail to punch some
of the tickets presented by passengers,
and these, instead of being turned ovar to
the company, would be given to members
of the gang on the outside and soid by
them at cheap rates, in that way the
company was robbed of thousands of dol
lars.
Edwards operated a private printing
office. It is Delieved he printed many
bogus tickets, and the company is now at
work on this supposition. Edwards sold
his printing plant a few days ago, but it
has been located. Much money was made
also by shipping mining men to Spokane
in the baggage-car.
SITES RACING IN OREGON.
Engineers Carry 100 Much Stanm When
Trying to Seat Rival Boats.
PORTLAND, On., July 18.— Trouble
is brewing for tbe racing engineers
on tbe Columbiaßiver. Tbe first intimation
came in the arrest yesterday by a United
States Marshal of Engineer William
Maher of the steamer Ruth, plying be
tween Portland, Corvallis and way
landings.
For some time complaints have been
coming to Inspectors Edwards and Mc-
Dermott of racing and overcarrying of
steam, but none of the complainants were
willing to sign an affidavit on which to
swear out a warrant for arrest, seemingly
not caring to pose in the lieht of an in
former.
As a consequence the inspectors were
powerless to act, for the moment their
presence was known aboard tbe boat the
steam pressure was kept within the
licensed limits. Yesterday, however, a
passenger on the Ruth, noticing that the
steamer was racing with the Albany of the
opposition line and that there was an ex
tra throb to the engines, went into the en
gine-room for a look at the steam-gauce.
He was startled to see that 200 pounds
pressure was registered. Turning to the
boat's license he read that the boiler was
allowed to carry but 140 pounds.
Nevertheless, the fireman was piling
pitch pine into the furnace, which was
fairly roaring with the draft and heat. An
expostulation on the passenger's part met
with the snrprised answer from the en
gineer: "Why, you don't suppose we are
going to let the Albany beat us. do you?"
The passenger, whose name is Isaac
Hilton, carries with him about as hot
sporting blood as the average man, but at
tbe same time he does not relish traveling
on a boat carrying sixty pounds over
pressure on the boiler, so on reaching Port
land be hied himself to the inspectors'
office and made complaint.
Ea-- Governor's Russell's Funeral.
BOSTON, Mass., July 18.— It has been
deeded that tue body of ex-Governor
Russell will not lie in state. The funeral
services wiil be neld at 4 o'clock Monday
afternoon in tbe Shepard Memorial
Church. Cambridge.
THIS WEEK we w/nd up WESAii
of The Peoples Stores Cloak
and Su/t Stock. The gabai Dress
■ Goods and S/lk Sale, and add
zest to au/2 wash fABBfc and
Linen sale, jtjf aiso mjiwujzate
OUR ANNUAL STOCK TjsN/JfSSj»IE
WHfCN LASTS V UNTIL AUGUST f%
IF YOU would PI//ZC//ASE YOUR WANTS
NEXT WEE/f FOR AfUC// LESS WANT/JET
COST US W£'L GET YOUR T/ZADE.
a THESE J9/if OUR PROA//SES.
Wash Goods ; Downstairs.
It's seldom a merchant admits he's los-
ing money, but we are, piles of. it, and
purposely intend it until the Ist of Au-
gust, our Annual Stock-Taking. .
We are not dictators— but if you are
blessed with ordinary intelligence . read
this ad. and follow it up by coming and
seeing the poods we speak of. It's a bar-
rel of money saved you:
10c Dimities, figured .:......... 5c
10c Crepes, colored . 5c
10c 34-lnch Grenadines. ; r.'. ; . . v . 5c
10c Crepe Seersuckers .................. . 5c
10c Checked Flannelettes 5c
10c Figured Lawns 5c i
12>^c 34-Inch Dimities 7^c j
Figured Lawns ....". 7}£c j
12J^c Grass Linens .7Ho !
15c Wash Goods ..........':.". ..10c
20c Wash Good  . . . .... . . .12>£c
25c Wash Goods ..;... .....15c
40c Wash Goods ................20c !
45c Silk Ginghams .80c
20c Linen Towels.. ............/.12J^c
15c Linen Towels .Bj^c
$5.00 California Blankets .............. $3.05 j
NOTIONS. ~
The crowds that fill this department j
daily tell the tale of lowest prices in the
city for small ware.
15c Bone Casing .5c piece
15c Stockinet Shields 7Kc pair
10c Black Corset Steels 5c pair
15c6-in. Kid Curlers ........10c bunch
4c Needles, 3to 9 — lc paper
15c Shell Hairpins..;......'.' 8c dozen
4c Bpool Cotton ". 2c spool
5c Shell Hairpins, fancy top 3 for 5c
10c Linen Thread, 200 yards 5c spool I
5c Hook and Eyes. 2 doz. on card . .2c card j
5c Mending Cotton, 45 yards . ...'...2a ball
4c American Pins lc paper
25c Sheep' s-wool Sponces 10 cents
I2}^c Baoeskin 50ap................ 5 cents
Hoy Cologne '.& A cents
Florida Water ...........12^ cents
75c Silver Shirt 5et5;..... .......::.25 cents
$1 Sterling Mounted Pocket 800k5. 39 cents '
STOCKTON'S RATIFICATION
Small Attendance at the Dem
onstration in Honor of
Bryan.
The FrecSilver Candidate Eulogized
by Representatives of Three
Parties.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 18.— The Demo
cratic ratification meeting to-night was
not so well attended as the Republican
demonstration several weeks ago. When
W. M. Gibson, chairman of the meeting,
stepped upon the platform to address the
assemblage, there were not more than 500
people to listen to him. With his cus
tomary eloquence he soon won applause
from those who had come to the plaza to
cheer for free silver, and he then intro
duced to the audience Attorney L. W. \
Elliott, a Prohibitionist, who has joined i
the ranks of the Democrats because of his j
love lor the pale metal. Elliott was one ■
of the men who opposed the narrow-gauge
platform in the Prohibition State Conven
tion, and who said that the silver question
was paramount to that of the liquor traffic
When Eiliott had finished Attorney
Plummer, who is at the head of the local
branch of the Bimetallic League, made a
strong argument in favor of Bryan and
free silver.
The last speaker was Dr. Foreman, a
Populist, who had heretofore held himself
aloof from other parties since the third
party was organized. He told tne assem
blage that Bryan suited him well enough
because he was for silver and that be
would cast bis vote next November for the
nominee of the Democrats. He believed
that the people of this country would find
a friend in Bryan of Nebraska.
REPUBLICANS AT SAN JOSE.
E. A. Hayes Elected Chairman of the New
County Club at an Enthusiastic
Meeting.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. July 18.— Great en
thusiasm prevailed among the large num
ber of Republicans who met in Grand
Army Hall in this city this afternoon and
organized the Santa Clara County Re
publican Club.
The meeting was called to order by Tem
porary Chairman E. A. Hayes, and the
report ol tbe special committee on con
stitution and by-laws was adopted. A
resolution requesting the Republican
County Committee to provide for an en
rollment of voters of this city at the next
Republican primaries was presented, but
consideration was postponed until the
next meeting.
E. A. Hayes was unanimously elected
permanent chairman, James R. Lowe
vice-cuairman. Major F. E. Stark secre
tary ana E. W. Conant treasurer. The
permanent officers, with James W. Rea,
were elected as a registration committee
until an executive committee of the ciub
was appointed.
it was decided to request the County
Clerk to appoint two registration officers
in each precinct, to act without compen
sation, in order to facilitate the registra
tion of 7000 voters who have to register
within three weeks.
The clubroll was ordered kept open for
two weeks, in order to give every Repub
lican in the county an opportunity to join.
An offer from O. A. Hale to supply tne
club with suitable headquarters free of
charge was accepted.
Eighty-seven members signed the club
Balk Through the Maze.
If you accept our invitation to walk
through the Maze you will note as you walk
down the aisles upstairs and downstairs
tbe prices ticketed on the goods that the
house is losing a pile of money. Our
every article is a bargain at present. We
want this stock down to its lowest ebb
when we inventory. Your common sense
will tell you tnat this is the "Mecca" for
bargain-seekers.
25c Haircloth, now 5 cents
12l£c Silesias, now 8% cents
25c Moreens, now 16% cents
20c Fiberine Lining io cents
1-^c Papeterie 6% cents
15c Colored Veilings '6 cents
25c Double-width Veiling 10 cents
20c Sewing Silk Veiling 10 cents
35c Colored Silk Mitts 15 cents
$2 8-Hook Foster Gloves $1 25
30c Ladies' Hose 15 cents
40t Ladies' Hose 35 cents
50c Ladies' Underwear 25 cents
25c White or Butter Lace 12J^ cents
30c White or Butter Lace 15 cents
25c All-silk Ruche 10 cents
50c Beaded Gimps 25 cents
15c Irish Point Embroidery 5 cents
25c Gauze Stock Collars 5 cents
2.5 c Windsor Ties 10 cents
3oc Gents' Necswear 19 cents
Oriental Laces, 5 to 10 inches. 10 to 20 cents
$1 Gold and Bilver Frames 25 cents
$1 Satine Boys' Waists 49 cents
$150 C. B. Corsets $100
25c Dress Trimmings 3 cents
25 yards Crash Toweling 95 cents
65c Bar Castile Soap 35 cents
Box 3 cakes Toilet Soap $100
Williams' Shaving Soap 5 cents
Hunyadi Water 15 cents
50c Silk Chenille Trimming 5 cents
** * Props $$hi\kwz&&
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
roll- this afternoon, and among them
many of the most prominent Republicans
in the county.
♦
TULARE DEMOCRATS REJOICE.
Congressional Candidate Maddux Ad
..■■■ dreatet a Large Gathering.
VIBALIA, Cal.. July The i- Demo
crate of .Tuiare County to-night ratified
the nominations of Bryan and Bewail.
People were here from every section of the
county, some coming from points twenty
live miles distant. .
One of the speakers was Hon. L. J. Mad
dux, the nominee for Congress in this dis
trict. Mr. Maddux was met at the train
by the chairman and secretary of the
County Central Committee and a number
of citizens.
The meeting was held in the courthouse
yard and was presided over by ex-Mayor
D. M. Adams, who opened with a speech
which put the audience into a good
humor. He then introduced in succession
Judge T. W. Holder, C. L. Russell, Presi
dential electors, J. W. Martin, Rev. Mr.
Hen n ings, R. F. Both and ; Hon. L.. J.
Maddux.
During Mr. Russell's speech he . called
attention to the fact that Hon. W. H.
Alford of this county had to-day been
elected chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, and the announcement
was greeted with tremendous applause.
# —
FAITON IN THE RACE.
fTilllng to Again Try Cnncluaiona With
Congr'ftnmn McLachlnn.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 18.— George
S. Patton, who made the race against Con
gressman McLacblan in the Sixth District
two years ago on the Democratic ticket
and who wag defeated by a majority of
6000, has indicated his readiness to try it
again. So far Congressman McLachian is
the only candidate abroad. Both Demo
crats and Populists deferred tbeir nomina
tions at the late conventions at Sacra
mento until a more convenient season,
hoping, it is said, to be able to unite upon
some candidate to defeat tbe incumbent.
Patton is a rock-ribbed Democrat, but,
owing to his pronounced opposition to
National batiks, his friends claim that he
will be acceptable to the Populists.
In a published declaration to-day Patton
places himself in the hands of his friends,
after declaring his fealty to the Chicago
platform and his admiration of Candidate
Bryan.
SANTA ROSA DEMOCRATS.
Twenty Speaker* A&dre** the Faithful at
a Jialifteation Meeting.
SANTA ROSA, Cal.. July 18.— The
Democrats of Santa Rosa held an en
thusiastic outdoor ratification meeting to
night. A large stand had been erected on
Exchange avenue, from which about
twenty speakers addressed the throng.
The speeches were limited to five minutes
each, but occasionally a fervid orator
would fail to see the big town clock that
stared him in the face and would have
"time" called on him by the chairman
before concluding his peroration.
Judge A. P. Overton presided and in his
opening remarks took occasion to declare
that there was at least one bank president
in California who favored the free coinage
of silver. The meeting closed with three
cheers and a tiger and the band played
"Marching through Georgia" in march
time to disperse the crowd.
m
Silrer Service /or the Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., July 18.— After a
most careful study of the many designs
offered for the s-iiver service for the battle
ship Oregon, the committee has decided
in favoi of that presented by Mr. Albert
Feldenheimer, a Portland jeweler. The
service is to coneist of twenty-nine pieces
in Louis XIV style. The ornamentation
The Cloak and Suit Sale.
San Francisco has never known such a
bargain opportunity as the sale of the Peo-
ple's Store Stock offers. You've read the
papers all week, noted the thermomeier
over 100 degrees in Los Angeles, and saw
their telegram to us to close out the stock
at any price we could get for it. They can
sell tip leaves and icecream sodas down
there now. You can't credit these figures,
but they are true. We sold $5 Infant Coats
for 75c, $15 Ladies' Suits for $1 50, and $12
Jackets and Capes for $1. It don't coat
you a cent to look, and if you read tbe list
you'll get a correct idea of what to expect.
$2 Pretty New Canes 75c
i $3 50 Handsome Capes $1.25
I $ti Stylish Capes $3.95
| $5 Ladies' Coats $2.50
i $6 50 Ladies' Coats $3.95
$8 Ladies' Coats $5.00
I $3 50 Misses' Reefers $1.50
$4 50 Btvlish Coats $2.95
I $5 Picnic Duck Suits $1.50
$12 50 Ail- wool Suits $3.50
j $15 Elegant Wool Suits $5.00
*175 Ladies' Wrappers 75c
75c Pretty Percale Waists 35c
I Petticoat Silk SKirts $2.00
i Black and Colored Silk Skirts $2.00
I Seersucker Skirts 190
j $2 50 Shirt W T aists $1.50
I $15 Wool Suits $7.50
; $25 to $-10 Suits $15.00
DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKS.
i $10 Jackets for $1.00
i $15 Coaxs for : $2.95
' $25 Coats for $3.95
! $15 Capes $3.50
I Capes of all kinds and prices for 95c
! $1 75 Wrappers for 75c
will be sufficient to relieve the plainness
of the set. The subjects are chosen from
Oregon scenery and will be a constant re
minder of the picturesqueness of the State.
This silver service will be worthy of the
ship and the people of Oregon will take
great pride in it, especially as it is to be a
Portland production. The cost will be
$5000.
SACRAMENTO'S STALWARTS.
McKinley and Protection Club Rollb Art,
Jinpidly Swelling.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., July 18.— The
names of 522 stalwart, enthusiastic Repub
licans grace the roll of the Twenty-first
Assembly District Club in this city, 58
having signed the register at the club
meeting held last evening, and every
member of this organization is strong for
McKinley and protection.
The president of the club, C. H. Holmes,
has received official notice of His ap
pointment as president of the Second
Congressional District Republican League,
and vice-president of the California League
of Republican clubs.
San Jose TaMequah Club.
SA* JOSE, Cal., July 18.— The Table
quah Club, a new social and political or
ganization, last evening elected the fol
lowing officers: President, T. R. Dough
erty; vice-president, Ben Gallagher;
secietary, Charles 8. Scott; treasurer, C.
L. Argues. The organization is fashioned
after the lroquois Club and will be non
partisan in politics. It starts with a mem
bership of about fifty.
CLEVELAND'S CENTENNIAL.
Queen City of the Buckeye State to Bare
a Month's Jollification. \- ' '
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July. 18.— During
the coming week the Queen City of the
Buckeye State, and which has given to
the country some of its greatest statesmen
and warriors, round* its 100 years of exist
ence, and for a month to come the event
will be celebrated with parades, festivals,
banquets and balls, receptions and regat
tas and other appropriate, features.
. The celebration {will be ushered in to
morrow with the ringing of church bells
and special services in edifices of all de
nominations. In the afternoon the for
mal opening of the celebration will take
place at th» Central Armory, where ad
dresses will be delivered by Rabbi Gries,
representing the Hebrews of the State;
Monsignor Thorpe, who will speak for the
Catholic element, and Rev. Dr. Levi T.
Gilbert of the First Methodist" Church,
representing the combined Protestant de
nominations. . >
The city, 13 magnificently decorated, and
many triumphal arches are being com
pleted this morning. An immense influx
of visitors will commence on Monday.
NEW YORK BACKERS.
Interesting Addrextet on the Closing
Day of Their Convention.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., July 18.—
Prayer by Rev. Geor K e F. Rosenmuller
opened the second and closing day's pro
ceedings of the third annual convention of
the State Bankers' Association. The ad
dress of Hon. S. N. Griswold, president of
the National Bank of Brooklyn, upon
"The Prosperity of Banks Insures the
Prosperity of the People and Government"
was a scholarly production, from the
peoples point of view, and was ex
naustively discussed and favorably com
mented upon. Hon. George B." Sloan,
president of the Second National Bank of
°£v' cg ?J fo:lo *' e a with an address? upon
"lhe Uses and Usefulness of Banks"
while James H. Tnpp. president of the
First National Bank of Marathon, com
bated the idea that the business interests
of the country would be benefited by a
further expansion of tt:e currency. A.
number of brief addresses were made upon
tais point.
The Dress floods Sale.
We were so busy with the Wein-
burgn Sale during the past two
weeks that we could not begin oar
Stock-taking Sale until to-morrow.
This is the eleventh sale we've had
since we've been located hare, and
prices will be really eleven times
less than they were tbe first. We
want to sell badly. We'll make tbe
prices less than the stock wonld sell
at public auction. Our milliner
has gone East, oar buyers are in the
market, heads of departments leave
next week, and this stock is bound
to go.
DRESS 602DS ARE 811 THE
ALTAR OF SACRIFICE.
25c Dress Goods go for 1?K C
50c Dress Goods go for 25c
75c Dress Goods go f0r.. 35c and 37J^c
$1 Dress Goods go for 50c
Pattern Suits, were $20, now. ..$7 50
50c Silks go for 25c
75c Silks go for 35c
$1 Silks go for 50c
$1 25 Silks go for 75c
$1 50 and $2 Silks go for $100
We can't say more. If this is a
truthful statement yon know the
staff is awfully cheap. If it's not
you'll find it oat and won't be
fooled again.
MILLINERY.
Closing out all oar TJntrlmmed
Straw Hats at 10c and 15c.
Closing out Trimmed Hats at
$2 50 and $5. Won't pay for the
trimming on them.
<B>©®®®®®®g;<aXsXSi©®®®®(
SANTA CRUZ'S TURNFEST.
Prize Shooting Will Be One of
the Features of the
Carnival.
Conservative Persons Anticipate From
Seven to Ten The maud
Visitors.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 18.— One of the
features of the big Turnfest that is to be
held here in August will be the prize
shooting, a pastime greatly enjoyed by
Germans. There some fine marksmen in
the German shooting societies of this
State, and the following list is evidence of
the interest that is being taken in the
Turnfest, for all these societies fill be
represented.
From San Francisco there will be
Schuetzen Yerein shooting section, Ein
tracht shooting section, California Schuet
zen Club shooting section. Gruelti Yerein
(Swiss) shooting section. From San Jose,
the Turn Vereih shooting section. Be
sides these there will be ail the shooting
sections from the Turners' Union.
It is predicted that the prize shooting of
the events tnat are being arranged for will
be one of the largest and most interesting
ever witnessed in California. The mem
bers of these societies will all come in uni
form, and they will all participate in the
tournament. There are to be several
money prizes and some of gold and silver
medals. Besides the target shooting there
will be eagle shooting, a very famous en
tertainment in Germany. 'The eagle is
constructed of several pieces set upon a
tree, and the marksman who shall shoot
the last piece of the eagle away will win
the prize and be named the king.
The Santa Cruz Turn Yerein. that has
the preparation of the details of the pro
gramme in hand, is working diligently to
make the plans as near perfect as it is pos
sible, for its members have pride in proving
their appreciation of the coming Turn
fest to Santa Cruz. It isn't often that so
small a city as this is given the distinction
of entertaining this distinguished celebra
tion, and in fact, Santa Cruz is the first on
tnis coast of the smaller places to get it.
Much of the carnival construction has
beeu left Btanding for use in the Turnfest
and the citizens generally are taking an in
terest in the coming iesiival.
The estimates of the number of visitors
to be here have been very conservative as
made by the Germans, for they are a con
servative people who connt no unhatched
chickens. They concede that with all the
societies represented and their accom
panying families and friends, the number
may reacu 7000; but they do not include
the American visitors, who take great in
terest in these German »ports. It is be
lieved that 10,000 would not be an unsafe
estimate to place on the prospective
crowd.
San H'nito Atsrssments.
HOLLISTER, Cal., July 18.— The as
sessment-re 1 1 presented to-day shows a de
crease of $250,000 in the value of San
Benito County property during the past
year. This decrease is mostly in cattle
and sheep. The Board of Equalization
pas decided to test the assessment of min
ing property, and on Monday it will raise
the assessment on the New Indria quick
silver mine from $6700 to $100,000. The
mine was recently purchased from the es
tate of Thomas Bell by an English syn
dicate lor about $500,000.
On the eastern coast of Ireland it rains
on an average 208 days io the year, in
England about 150 days, at Kazan about
90 days and in Siberia only 60. "Wit <£fll
SON DAY.. JULY 19, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
CAUroBKix THKATER.-"Carmen."
Columbia THKATBR-"The Charity Ball."
Mobokco's 1,1 KRA-Bocsic-«Side Tracked."
Trvout OrmA-HorsK.— "Rigoletto." ■
Okphecm— Hlgn-Class Vaudeville.
Stjtho Baths— Bathing and performances.
Shoot tee CHtTTJM-DaUy at Haight street,
one block east of the Park. -
Baseball— and Folsom streets.
Presidio Athletic hounds— Baseball.
Golden Gate Pabk— Golden Gate Park Band.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Fxecxsiox— To the wreck of the Colombia, this
morning.
AUCTION SALBS.
By I* H. Brßr-Mond»7, July 20, Hardware, at
1328 Valencia street, at 2 o'clock.
Jnly 23. Beal Kitate, at salesroom, 218-320
Montgomery street.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Rev. William Rader returned last night
from his Eastern trip.
"Cloudy weather with fog in the morning"
is forecasted for to-day.
The Socialist Labor party will hold Its Bute
Convention at 115 Turk street to-day.
The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Lev! F.
Cole was celebrated at Bear Hall last night.
Pater Maher arrived overland last evening
in good condition for his battle wlthChoynski.
Morns Windt has sued John A. Merrill and
G. \V. Bothwell for $3000 due on a promissory
note.
The annual picnic and games of the Emmet
Football Club will be held at Schuetzen Park
to-day.
Joseph I. Twohlg has applied for letters of
administration on the $2000 estate of Jeremiah
Twohlg.
Margaret White has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the $2000 estate of Charles
Everson.
A reunion of the members of the first class
that entered Stanford University was held in
this City last night.
Petition for letters of administration on the
•stale of Henry E. Trubenbach have been filed
by Hermann Gucehus.
The old revenue cutter Hartley has been
practically condemned, and the Walter Hack
ett is running in her place.
Much Interest has been expressed in the
forthcoming sale of seats for the carnival bene
fit at the Columbia Theater.
Th» Merchants' Association yesterday sent
out letters to 2000 firms asking them to urge
all their employes to register.
The Board of Health has refused to co-oper
ate with Fung Ynng Heng, the Chinese Con
sul, in cleaning up Chinatown.
John W. Newell, a traveling salesman, com
mitted suicide in his room at the Royal House,
126 Ellis street, yesterday afternoon.
R. C. Richardson received sixteen severs
cuts on the head and face from a pitcher
wielded by Edward Fisher last night.
The schooner Lizzie Prien is considerably
overdue at Xehalem. She was seen off the bar
ten days ago, but has not been spoken since.
The County Board of Equalization sat for
over six hours yesterday afternoon listening
to applications for reductions of assess
ments.
William Fleming, Jack Homer and John
Slattery, ex-convicts, were arrested yesterday
morning for stealing goods from delivery
wagon.-.
Big reductions in the rates on tea and tea
dust from California to Chicago and all points
west of ;hat city are to become effective on the
25th inst.
The Supreme Court has sustained the de
cision in the case of Daly vs. Hlnz for dnmaees
cause<V by Hinz running over Daly's little boy
with a, wagon.
Camilla Ferrari committed suicide by shoot
ing nimself through the head on Ninth ave
nue, near the main drive in Golden Gate Park,
on Friday night.
For the fiscal year ended June 30 the money
order business of the local Postoffice shows an
increase over the previous twelve months of
nearly 10 per cent.
Florence Blythe, the heiress, was sued yester
day in the Superior Court by Thomas I.
B. rgin, for $50,737 for professional services
and money loaned.
The Mission Defense Union at a meeting held
last night determined to make a vigorous fieht
for a high school to be established at some cen
tral point in tne Mission.
Memorial services in honor of the brave
Slavonians who fell at the memorable battle
of Lissa in 1866 will be held in the Church of
Notre Dame Monday morning.
Preparations for the Carnival of the Golden
Gate are going steadily forward. Yesterday a
committee selected sites for "tribunes of
kings and queens" on Van Ness avenue.
An Ohio syndicate, represented by Professor
P. L. Hobbs of Western Reserve University, is
quietly looking for investments on the mother
lode and has already bought one property for
over $60,000.
The will of Sarah Jenks has been filed for
probate by B. F. Buhr, who petitions for letters
of administration on her estate. Tbe property
is valued at about $10,000, consisting of real
estate In Vallejo.
The little Russian band that has been play
ing for two weeks at the chutes has been
shipped back to New York by Manager Walters
of the Orpheum because it was not what it vu
represented to be.
William Mahood, a rancher from Sacramento
Valley, was swindled out of $13 by the old
lock game in Jefferson Square yesterday morn
ing, and Theodore Yeager, one of the bunko
men, was arrested.
The charge of threats to kill preferred
aeainst John Sommers, grocer, Brady street,
by P. J. Gordon, saloon-keeper, 1633 Market
street, was dismissed by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday morning.
Juitice Stephen J. Field of tbe United State*
Supreme Court returned from El Paso de
Robles early yesterday morning by special
train and went at once to the Palace Hotel,
where he rested quietly all day.
The Maria Kip Orphanage will soon be
permanently located in a new building on the
corner .of Sacramento street and Seventh
avenue. Work will be started at once, and the
cornerstone will be laid in August.
The outcropping of what appeared to be a
gold quartz ledge was discovered Friday even-
Ing by graders on Point Lobos avenue, oppo
site Central avenue. Contractor P. Broderfck
has put a fence around the ore and is having
samples assayed.
Leo Cooper returned yesterday from the
springs, where he spent several weeks on a
pleasure trip. The Columbia Theater School
of Dramatic Art, conducted by Mr. Cooper,
will open lt« regular season in Saratoga Hall
on Monday, July 27.
Joseph Edwards and Robert Ross, boys ar
rested last Thursday for criminal assault upon
Annie Fortier, a decrepit old woman, were sent
to the County Jail for six months each by
Judge Joachimsen yeeterday, the charge hav
ing been reduced to battery.
The underwriters will be actually $20 000
ahead on the raising of the Blairtnore. Had
they abandoned the hull and paid the in
suranco it would have cost them SHO (ton
Nou $60,000 will see the vessel in * s gTd
condition as the day she went down.
Stephen Roberts, Mrs. Craven's friend and
adviser, to:d an interesting story in his det>osi
tion yesterday in the Fair will matter of how
the attorneys now opposing, the pencil will
formerly swore by It and how they, have failed
to carry out the compromise contract.
Charley King, an Americanized Chinese
whliu cleaning windows at tne Auditorium
milooii, 9 Powell street, early yesterday morn
ing, was i.irown off a step ladder and sustained
a frßCture of hu skull. Charles McCarthy, a
barketper, was arrested for committing the
assault.
The St. George Clur> has awarded the con
tract for the new building to be erected on
Mason street, between Geary and O'Karrell
streets, to Contractor Hayes. Work will be
commenced on the structure next Monday
and be pushed to completion as rapidly as
possible.
This (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev.
C. C. Herrlott, superintendent of the Inter
denominntioual Training institute, Minne
iik,lK Minn., will address young men at the
A-MK-iatioii building, Mason and Ellis street*.
Mr. Herriott i» sa:d to be a very able speaker.
Seats fret to al! young men.
Rev. Anna Shaw left yesterday for Los
Angeles, where she will speak to-night in the
Church oi the Unity for the benefit of Phoebe
Couzins. To-morrow she will lecture at Long
Beach, leaving on Tuesday or Wednesday for
the Kast, where she will remain about a
month.
There will \>e an entire change of programme
at the Stiiro Baths this afternoon and evening.
There will be high trapeze performing, con
tortion acts and other amusements. The
dr..\vniiii? a ,. ; tnftl creates such a sensation,
and performed by R. B. Cornell, champion
amHteur long-distance swimmer of CalUonilo,
w:ll be the only feature that has been per
formed at the baths before.
THEY ALL SAID
IT WAS GENUINE,
Attorneys Now Opposing
Once Swore by the
Pencil Will.
MR. ROBERTS SAYS SO.
D. M. Delmas Figuratively Nails
Opposing Counsel to the
Cross.
WHY THEY NOW DISBELIEVE.
Changed Their Attitude When Judge
S ack Tedded the Trust Clause
to Be Invalid.
"Did Reuben H. Lloyd say to yon that
he had every faith in the pencil will when
Mrs. Craven produced it?"
"Yes, sir. He said he had no doubt of
its genuineness."
"And George A. Knight, attorney for
Charles L. Fair, what did he think of it?"
"He thought it was genuine — was certain
of it."
"And Charles Heggerty— what "tild he
say?"
"He was absolutely certain it wah the
genuine last will of Mr. Fair."
'•And Russell J. Wilson— did he think
so?"
"Oh, yes; he thought so."
"Charles 8. Wheeler— what did he say
about it?"
"He said he was convinced that it was
genuine."
"And Richard V. Dey?"
"He was certain that the pencil will was
the true will."
"And Charles L. Fair, Senator Fair's
son?"
"He said as v>on as he saw the docu
ment, 'That is father's handwriting.'"
"Did any of these gentlemen at any
time previous to the order made by Judge
Slack declaring the trust change in the ;
will of the 21si to be invalid express any i
doubt of the genuineness of this pencil
will of the 24ih?"
''No, sir."
In this way. time after time during the
taking of the deposition of Stephen Roberts '
yesterday in the matter of, the Fair will,
did Mr. Delmas call and nail to the cross
of their own deserted cause the attorneys
who are now arrayed against the pencil
will and Mrs. Craven and her deeds.
Of all this list of attorneys and others
Charles Heggerty was the only one who
had the temerity to be present at the
ceremonies. And there were interesting
moments for the representative of Charles
L. Fair.
After the nails had been driven the sec- !
ond time in the series and Mr. Delmas was j
busied for the moment hammering about j
and strengthening the pedestal of the |
cross, Mr. Heegerty tore himself loose, !
whispered in the ear of McEnerney, and
still wearing that smile that even his suf
ferings could not banish, he disappeared. ;
McEnerney and Mitchell, whose inter- |
ests — ard whose client's interests — all lie!
in the trust will, and who have, therefore, i
been consistent in their antagonism to the
pencil will, were unable to conceal a cer
tain keen enjoyment in these cruelties.
McEnerney especially smiled deeply, and j
fell to drawing funny pictures as one after ;
the other of his present associates — lately
bifl bitter antagonists— were called up and
the witnesses detailed how they had lately
been ready to swear eternal fealty to the
pencil will.
The compromise contract took the first
place in interest during the day. Mr. Mc-
Enerney wanted to know more about it
the first thing. The witness said that
Russell J. Wilson, as attorney for Virginia
Fair, Mrs. Oelrichs and Charles Fair, had
mad* the offer in the first instance of
$300,000, the consideration being that Mrs.
Craven should withdraw all her claims
against the estate.* The offer was also to
include Dr. Marc Levincston and hia
claim. The condition of the contract was
that the money should be paid upon the
filing of the will, and without regard to
which of the wills was finally probated.
i There were present at the" interview
Samuel M. Shortridge, Dr. Levingston and
Russell J. Wilson and Roberts. There
was a provision in the contract that the
trust clause should be defeated in. the will
of the 21st. Mr. Shortrrdge drew his pen
cil through that provision, however.
The money wat> to be paid on the distri
bution of the estate.
There was another interview concerning
this contract, held this time at Mrs.
Craven's house, at which also Russell J.
Wilßon was present, representing the chil
dren. At that time Roberts made a prop
osition on behalf of Mr?. Craven that she
would accept $500,000, half of which waa
to be paid cash.
The question was asked as to what share
of the $500,000 Mrs. Craven was to receive,
but this brought an objection from Del
mas.
McEnerney explained that be desired to
show for what sum Mrs. Craven was will
ing to release claims which she valued at a
million and a half and Delma?, saying
that he knew personally all about the cir
cumstances, perhaps more than Mr. Mc-
Enerney did, or at least more than his
questions indicated that he knew, assented
to the question. "I do not claim to know
more than Mr. Heggerty," he added, "for
i the proposition was made with the sanc
tion of his partner, George A. Knight."
This shot, directed at Mr. Heggerty, who
was present, brought a quick denial.
"I have it on the word of as honorable a
gentleman as lives," said Mr. Delmas. "I
mean Russell J. Wilson; he would not tell
a lie. He told me that Mr. Knight, the
counsel for Charles L. Fair, had author
ized the offer of $300,000. "
Mr. Mitchell maue a persistent attempt
at the relief of Mr. Heggerty, calling the
gentlemen to return to the witness.
"But the word of a gentleman whose in
tegrity should not be questioned has been
attacked here, and I do not think it, should
be allowed to pass." said Mr. Delmas.
"His office is in this building, and he can
be called."
Mr. Hegeerty disclaimed any intention j
of taking Mr. Wilson to task. He had nn
derstood Mr. Delmas to say that $800,000 I
had been offered as the compromise figure.
It was a misunderstanding, that was all.
Everybody, including Mitchell and Mc-
Lnerney, and ettteciaily Hegeerty, mixed,
and the witness continued. He said that
it bad been figured that Dr. Levingston's
commissions as executor would amount to
about $60,000. He was not to be allowed
more than $100,000."
"Mrs. Craven told you that she had a
will of Mr. Fair's stolen from her several
years ago, did she not?"
"Yes, sir. A woman called at the Cali
fornia Hotel who represented herself as
Mrs. Craven's friend. Mrs. Craven was
not in, but. upon the representation she
made, the clerk gave the woman her key.
When Mrs. Craven came home she lound
her papers scattered about the room, her
desk open and the will and several letters
were missinp'"
"Did she ever lose any other wills?"
"Yes, sir. There vas a will that she
had placed in the hands of her brother-in- |
law, Mr. McArthur. It was stolen from
her en ronte to New York at a station just
beyond Ogden. She carried it between the
mattresses of her berth. She felt a hand
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
there and discovered that the will had
been stolen. She raised an outcry when
sho made the discovery, bat the will was
not recovered."
"Can you tell us the provisions of any
of the many will* which Mr. Fair is said
to haye given to Mrs. Cra\en?"
"No, sir, except that there was one will
I know in which he left several hundred
thousand dollars for the improvement of
streets in San Francisco."
Now the inquiry came down to the pen
cil will. The witness said that Mrs. Cra
ven always spoke of the pencil will as a
mere memorandum. She thought the ink
will was the real document. Fair would
not have written the will in ink if she had
not told him to. The pencil will was writ
ten on two sheets of paper. The ink copy
was written on both sides of one sheet.
Having finished it he tossed them both to
Mrs. Craven, saying, "Take them— the one
is as good as the other."
"Now," said McEnerney, "what was the
first sum Mrs. Craven proposed to take as
a compromise after the interview with Mr.
Lloyd ?"
"Mrs. Craven did not isake an offer.
Mr. Lloyd offered her $250,000. I, for Mrs.
Craven, made an offer of $500,000. I said
the property for which she held deeds was
worth fully $1,000,000. I thought that half
the sum, coming to her peaceably, avoid
ing notoriety, and considering her con
dition of health at her age. would be belter
than the full sum secured with the trouble
that would necessarily attend it."
The witness told about the search for the
lost ink will. He said he arranged with
J. H. Mcßobv, superintendent of the
Western Union Telegraph Company, to
make use of the office at Reno. He told
them u> get a man to hunt the missing
Hurcourt, and that all expenses would be
paid. The search here was supposed to be
conducted by Mr. Lloyd. After a time
Lloyd seemed to lose interest, and even
told Roberts to quit the search. About
that time Lloyd asked Roberts whom he
(Roberts) thought had the ink will.
Roberts replied: "I think you haye it."
In the discussion of the compromise the
attorneys of the Fair children now began
to speak of the will of the 24th doubtingly.
Roberts said he refused flatly to discuss
any proposition on any other ground than
that of the genuineness of the will. He
retreated, however, from his half-cash
proposition, but insisted that $5000 must
be paid when the will was filed.
Lloyd objected to even this. He in
sisted that no money should be paid until
it was probated. He said it would be only
a matter of a month, anyhow. Roberts
reminded him of the Blythe and several
other like affairs. The terms of the con
tract being agreed upon and the will filed,
he went from one attorney to another to
see about the $5000. They each said they
were agreed if the others were, but it
seemed to be an agreed case to disagree.
"They had the will," added the witness
sententiously.
Roberts said he wished to correct a
statement made the day before to the
effect that Mrs. Craven had sent the will
East because the will had been stolen
from the County Clerk's office. It w:is,
he said, more on account of the thefts that
• had been made from her, her room being
entered and the previous will being taken,
the theft on the train and her desk at
school being frequently broken open.
Under cross-examination by Mr. Del
rnas, the witness described the interview
I in the office of Reuben H. Lloyd upon the
return of Mrs. Craven from New York
with the pencil will. The room was
' crowded with .the attorneys, said the wit
| ness. Charles L. Fair and Richard V.
| Dey were also present. Mr. Fair cad said
i at once, "That is father's handwriting."
! They compared the writing with letters
known to have been written by Fair and
were convinced that it was his own hand.
i A number of business men, living in this
I city, who were familiar with Senator Fair's
I writing; were asked to inspect it and with
j out exception they said it was his. There
! was one capital letter which, however, did
! not seem to agree with those in bis other
I writings, but they afterward discovered
i an instance where he had made the letter
juet so. The witness was informed of the
discovery by Charles S. White, who said
i that this made the evidence complete.
"Did Mr. Lloyd tell you that he thought
the will was genuine?" a>ked Delmas.
"Yes, sir. He had no doubt of it."
"And Charles L. Fair, you say, was cer
tain of it?"
•'Absolutely certain."
"And Georce A. Knight, he thought it
: was the genuine last will and testament of
\ Senator Fair?"
"Yes, sir."
"And Charles Heggerty, what did he
j think ol it?"
"He was certain that the will waa writ-
I ten by Mr. Fair."
"And Ru«?ell J. Wilson, did he say it
' was genuine?"
"Yes, sir, lie was sure of it."
"Charles S. Wheeler — what did he say
; about it?"
"1 have told you that he was convinced
of the genuineness of the will."
"And Richard V. Dey, did he agree
' with the others?"
"Oh, yes, sir, cc was certain about it."
"And at no time before the day the
I trust change in the will of the 21st was
; declared by Judge Slack to be invalid did
i any one of them indicate that they
i doubted its genuineness, did they?"
"No, sir, at no time."
Richard V. Dey had been commissioned
' to carry out the conditions of the $500,000
I contracts, which, he said, had been
. drafted by Charles J. Heggerty. Mr.
i W T alsh was named to succeed Dey in case
of the latter's death. When there were
indications of a change in sentiment
! Roberts, anxious as to Walsh's under
j standing of the contract, called upon him
j with Dey and he heard Dey say that the
i sum to be paid to Mrs. Craven was"ssoo,ooo,
1 no more no less, you understand, Walsh?"
And Wills!' said he did.
After the tiling of the will Roberts said
he went to the attorneys about the $5000.
i Charles S. Wheeler said to him: "There
I are some things I cannot explain to you
| about this matter, but you can rest as
sured we are still behind the pencil will.
Besides, there is another matter. Mrs.
] Haskins has been put to considerable ex
pense in the matter of her husband's will,
which I think grew entirely out of her
connection with this matter. She must be
reimbursed."
This was a day or so before the contest
j of the will of the 21st was withdrawn.
When they did that and when Charles
Fair subsequently attacked the pencil will
then be, Roberts, knew that they did not
intend to carry out the conditions of the
contract. The deeds were then filed.
This concluded the deposition. It will
be read to Mr. Roberts to-morrow.
Yesterday Delmas and Shortridge filed
an answer and cross-compiaint to the suit
to quiet title brought by the special ad
ministrators against Mrs. Craven. Mrs
Craven denies most of the allegations
made in the complaint and then declares
as follows:
She asserts that she will continue to harass
and annoy the plaintiffs in the possession of
said premises, and avers that she will continue
so to annoy and harass them until they shall
have recognized and yielded to her just rights
as the owner thereof, at which time said
j harassment and annoyance will cease
And Khe avers, further, that the reason why
I plaintiffs will continue to be thus harassed
i and nnnoyed is because of their own unwar*
! rantable resistance to her legitimate claims to
I said property, and their obstinate persistence
in endeavoring to enforce their baseless pre
tensions thereto, we;l knowing the while that
she Is the lawful owner thereof.
Burglars Frightened Away.
Small things will often scare off burglars
from some intended raid. The light
fingered fraternity, who keep well posted,
realize that it is no small risk on their
part to burglarize a house over the door
of which is tacked a small plate reading:
"Warning to burglars and thieves. These
premises protected by the New England
Burglary Insurance Company. " Okell
Donnell & Co., 411 California street ex
plain the matter.
Father Fergnsoit to Lecture.
The ninth of a series of lectures given under
the auspices of the * Young: Men's Catholic
Union will be.delivered by the Rev: James P
Ferguson m Metropolitan Temple, Friday even-
Ing, July 24, on the subject: '."Current Super
stitions." Admission will be free.
» » «- .
Hoitt's School, foi Boyß;Burlin*game. Sixth
year begins Aug. 4.' Ira G. Uoilt, Ph.D., Master*
GOLDEN FETTERS
LIGHTLY BORNE.
Mr. and Mrs. Levi F. Cole
Receive Their Numer
ous Friends.
AFTER FIFTY YEARS.
Surrounded by Their Seventeen
Grandchildren They Laugh
at Time.
MADE HAPPY IN OLD AGE.
Bear Club Hall the Scene of Mirth
and Joy on the Occasion cf
Their Anniversary.
Bear Club Hall, at the corner of Post
and Jbillmore streets, was the scene of joy
and happiness last night. The hall had
been profusely decorated and to the casual
obs Tver it would appear as if some Nob
Hill belle was aDout to bestow her band
and heart upon some blooded scion with a
comfortable bank account and a promise
of continuous happiness for the lady who
was about to place herself in his care.
This, however, was not the case, but the
gathering of friends and the scene of joy
MR. AND MRS. LEVI F. COLE CELEBRATE THEIR GOLDEN WEDDING.
was to celebrate tbe fiftieth marriage an
niversay of a couple who had spent their
sunshine days in each other's company
without any of tbe matrimonial snarls that
are smoothed over by the intervention of
divorce court proceeding?.
With four married daughters and one
son — all that now remain out of a family
of eight — and seventeen grandchildren,
besides a large number of invited friends,
the old couple were kept busy receiving
the congratulations and "many nappy re
turns" of their anniversary.
Fifty years aso in the city of Boston
Levi F. Cole, then a strapping young man,
late from St. Johns, Canada, pledged his
honor to protect and care for the beautiful
young woman who trusted herself into
his keeping. How well he has kept his
contract was made manifest by their
presence last night.
Shortly after their marriage the young
couple started for California, and on their
arrival here, in 1857, Mr. Cole obtained a
position in the Union Iron Works as fore
man, where be remained for over twenty
years, during which time be superin
tended the construction of some very
expensive ana intricate machinery for the
mines in this State ana Nevada. In 1887
he was ?ent to Mexico by the company to
put in place tbe mining machinery in the
famous Concepcion mine. While work
ing there he sustained a severe accident,
by which one of his legs was dislocated,
laying bim up for repairs for several
months. But with that Scotch pluck so
characteristic of hi* race he weathered it
out and remained until the work was
finished, when he returned home.
The happy couple have made Lathrop
their home for the past eight years, where
they are highly respected by their neigh
bors.
Musical and other talent at last night's
entertainment was furnished by the mem
bers of their own fumily. Mrs. Walter
Malloy, the wife of the commissary in the
County Jail, who is a pianist of the first
order, performed on that instrument dur
ing the evening.
When dancine and other amusements
were in full swine supper was announced,
and full justice was done to a sumptuous
spread.
The first cars in the morning carried the
participants to their homes.
THE OLD LOCK GAME.
William Mahood From Sacramento Val
ley Parts With Hli Coin.
William Mahood. a rancher in the Sac
ramento Valley, who is stopping at the
New Western Hotel, went out for a walk
yesterday morning. When be reached
Jefferson Square he was accosted by three
men who introduced him into the mys
teries of the "lock game" and he soon
parted with $13.
He demanded his money back and at
tempted to grapple with the man who had
it. Just then a fourth man made his ap
pearance and pulling back his coat and ex
hibiting a Deputy Sheriff's badge threat
ened to place Mahood under arrest for
disturbing the peace. The gardener of the
aquare, J. Donahue, then took a hand in
the business and placed the alleged
Deputy Sheriff under arrest and he was
taken to the City Prison in tUe patrol
wagon.
He gave the name of Theodore Yeager
and tie wa» booked on charges of vagrancy
and impersonating an officer. The police
are searching for tbe other three bunko
men.
SOCIALISTS' CONVENTION.
A Fall State Ticket Will Be Nomi
nated To-Day.
The Btate Convention of the Socialistic
Labor party will be held to-day at the
Temple, 115 Turk street. The gathering
will be called to order a 9 o'clock, and it is
expected tnat delegates from sections San
Diego, Los Angeles, San Jose, Ventura
ami Oakland, besides Section San Fran
cisco will be present. The convention will
be open to the puplic.
Nominations will be made for a com
plete State ticket, and a State platform,
a<ride from the platform adopted at the
National Convention heid on the 4th inst
in New York, will be adopted. There
will also be resolutions passed on the
money question, the relation of trades'
unionism to socialism and other matters
of importance. _
New Democratic Hub-
A Democratic club was organized last night
at Coaieley's Hall under the name of the
"Western Addition Silver Club." It is com
posed of the leading Democrats of the West
ern Addition. The following officers were
elected: Edward Rock, president; James P.
Sweeney, vice-president; James E. White, sec
retary; William Byington, treasurer. Execu
tive committee — James E. White, James P.
Sweeney, George W. Kelly, K. L. Connor and
Mr. Leonard.
AIDS ARE APPOINTED.
Executive Committee of the Bicycle
Parade Kequest a DetacKment of
Police on Wheels.
The executive committee of the bicycle
parade are not leaving a atone unturned
toward making the coming event as suc
cessful as possible.
Arrangements have been made to have
the streets swept on the afternoon of the
26th, and to have all loose cobbles re
moved in order that the wheelmen may
have a clean run.
A large bonfire will be built on the cor
ner of Fourth and Market streets. The
associated improvement clubs will send a
delegation to the parade as aids to the
grand marshal, Captain George A. Raabe.
The railroad crossing at Twenty-fourth
street on Folsom will be protected by
mounted guards to prevent the people
from getting hurt.
It has been requested that the Police
Department send a detachment on wheels
to ride in the van of the parade.
The grand marshal requests that all per
sons who desire to act as aids send a
postal card to him.
The following aids to the grand marshal
have been appointed: A. B. Maguire, chief
aid; aids— W. L. Williamson, H. A. Wag
ner, Robert R. Russ, C. S. Crittendon, G.
W. Merritt, Dr. W. F. Egan, W. B. Wag
oner, C. Mangels, Joseph Sheerer, William
Michaelson, George McDonald, Otto
Sheerer, M. J. Mcßride, P. E. O'Hair,
Joseph Sheerer Jr., Peter Dener, John F.
Hannon, A. J. Martin, W. M. Russell, J.
J. McEwen and Emile Sheerer.
The executive committee are in hopes
that the electric lights will be placed along
Foisoni street by thu 25th.
JAMES G. BLAINE CLUB.
A Promising Republican Organization
in the Forty-Second District.
The Republican club of the Forty-second
District met last night in K. R. B. Hall
and perfected its organization.
Great rivalry was manifested in the se-
lection* of officers, but all conceded the
popularity of the Hon. Thomas Desmond
and congratulated themselves for having
such a man to preside over their delibera
tions. He was therefore elected chairman
by acclamation.
A ballot on the rest of the candidates re
sulted in tbe following selections: Vice
president, M. Casey; financial secretary,
M. Donohoe; recording secretary, Jonn
Kilimead: treasurer, M.Hart; sergeant-at
arms, Thomas De^iian ; assistant, S. J.
McCredie: executive committee — W. J.
Hudson, W. F. Coleman, R. Corbett, E.
Cunningham, J. Rice, Thomas Barkley, J.
Murphy. J. P. O'Connor, M. McCormick.
As many as 123 men signed the roll dur
ing the week. After a long discussion it
was decided that the club should be known
as the James G. Blame Club of San Fran
cisco.
The next meeting will be held Saturday
night.
GREAT BATTLE OF LISSA
Memorial Services in Honor of
the Dead Slavs on
Monday.
The Rev. Father Larkin to Deliver an
Oration in the Church of
Notre Dame.
The Rev. Father Larkin will conduct a
memorial service in the French Roman
Catholic Church of Notre Dame dcs Vic
toires on Bush street in honor of the dead
Slavonians who fell while fighting under
tbe Austrian flag at the memorable battle
of Lissa in 1866.
1 1 was one of tne most famous battles in
later European history, both on acconnt of
the bravery displayed by the Slavonians
i of Dalmazia in the face of a force of Ital
j ians twice their number, ana also for the
j unprecedented conduct of Admiral Teke
toff in going to the rescue of Liasa without
orders. The Italians were over 30,000
strong, and made their boasts that they
would sweep Lissa off the face of the Adri
atic in ten minutes.
Admiral TVketoff and his fleet were sta
| tioned at Pola, over 200 miles away.
Witout waiting for orders he sailed to the
i assistance of his countrymen at Lissa and
I the Italian forces were ignominiously de
feated by half their number in two days'
battle. It was one of the tiercest contests
ever waged on the Adriatic and tbe Slavo
nians upueld the glory of the Austrian
Hag with their lives.
Father Larkin ia a scholar and an elo
quent orator and the memorial services
will be attended with much interest.
FOR T HE NEW CHARTER.
The Merchants' .At4«<>ei>ition Urges ' Em
p.oy«rsto Have Their Men Register.
The Merchants' Association is at work
in all directions to secure the adoption of
the new charter. Yesterday it sent out
the followine letter and card to 2000 busi
ness firms in this City:
You are respectfully reminded that every
cttizen miiM register in order to vote at tbe
election on November 3; and that registration
of voters will cease on the 3d day of next
mouth (August).
As the new charter must receive a majority
of all the votes polled at the election, it is
vital that no vote be lost. Every vote omitted
is virtually a vote against the charter.
Therefore, register at once and see that all
your clerks, employes and friends are duly
registered. Sincerely yours,
Merchants' Association,
F. W. Dohkmann, President.
J. Richard Freud, Secretary.
N. B.— Please place the inclosed card In a
sdlcuous position so that all your employes
can see it:
* Our employes are earnestly requested to have
their names placed : on the great register at the
new (it;. Hall, office of she Registrar, basement.
Registration closes August 3.
Kxcuraion To-D:ty to the Colombia.
This morning at 9 o'clock the steamer
Newsboy will leave on an excursion to the
wrecked steamer Columbia. The Newsboy
will leave Mission-street wharf 1, pi«r 2,
and returning will arrive at 6p. m. This
allows a four-hours' stay at tiie wreck.
Round-trip ticket- 1 $2, to be had of J. S.
Kirn ball & Co., 22 Market street.
• — * — ♦
Teapots were the invention of either the
Indians or the Chinese, and are of uncer
tain antiquity. They came to Europe with
tea in 1610.
„ HEW TO-DAY. ': r
"A little more than a year ago, } U «%«■■ fljfl ava Ynil 0
my hair began turning gray, and I HRW Ufl are I Oil I
falling out, and although I tried \ "W» WI "J" W ■ WM ■
ever so many things to prevent a * .^^"^'
continuance of these conditions,*. i [It makes no difference
obtained no satisfaction until I tried > whether you answer Or
Ayer's Hair Vigor. After using one- ► . , _ , . . ■■•
bottle, my hair was restored to # [ not. It IS always true that
•wwwwwm ■ Mt»T»i,, [ " a woman is as old as she
looks." Nothing sets the seal of age • upon a woman's
beauty so deeply, as gray hair. The hair loses its
color generally from lack of nutrition. If you nourish
the hair, the original color will come back. That is the
way that the normal color of the hair is restored by
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
* This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a
hundred others'. , Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. ; ; ' .
CLEANING CHINATOWN,
Fung Yaog Heng, the Consul,
Takes the Matter in Hand
Promptly.
The Board of Health Refuses to Co
operate With Him and to Send
an Inspector.
The Board of Health apparently does
not intend to meet Fung Yang Heng, the
Chinese Consul, even half way, in that
official's efforts to place Chinatown in sani
tary condition.
A communication wai sent to the Con
sul several days ago asking him to co
operate with the board in having the
Chinese quarter cleaned.
Yesterday a letter was received from the
consulate stating that immediately on re
ceiving the letter the Consul had called a
meeting of the Chinese Six Companies to
decide upon the best method of cleansing
the quarter.
After the conference Fung Yang Heng
issued a notice to all Chinese to clean their
places immediately, and keep them, in fu
ture, in sanitary condition. He warned
the subjects of tne Chinese Emporor that
arrest and fine would be their portion if
they neglected or refused to obey tne
order.
The board was notified of the Consul's
action yesterday, and also that the official
had appointed n number of inspectors to
see that every house in Chinatown was
cleansed. The board was asked to send
an inspector to co-operate with those ap
pointed by the Consul.
The health authorities affect to believe
that the Consul's efforts will amount to
nothing and in spite of his .prompt effort
to do just what it was hoped would be
accomplished has decided to refuse to send
an inspector.
Those who are familiar with the defer
ence shown the authority of the Consul
believe that his orders will be obeyed and
that there will be nothing left for the
board to accomplish or hold up as an
example of its energy.
SHE WANTS RELEASE.
Marie Shaefer, Who Was Sbot by Her
Aged Husband, Sues for Divorce.
Marie Schaefer, whose husband is serv
ing two years in the County Jail for shoot
in >: her three times last Thanksgiving
day, tiled suit for divorce yesterday. She
claims all the property, a portion of which
consists of a handsome residence on Green
street, into which she moved the other
day.
The defendant is 65 years of age, while
his wife is fifteen years younger. For sev
eral years Schaefer conducted a saloon at
tbe corner of California and Larkln streets.
Those who knew them say they were un
usually affectionate in their demeanor for
people of their age.
But the demon jealousy seems to have
taken possession of the husband and on
Thanksgiving day last be shot his wife
three times. She lay in the Receiving
Hospital fourteen days, and when she
NEW TO-DAY.
Tea can be actually a
source of strength as
well as of cheer — nerve
strength. This . will sur-
prise some of you who are
used to regarding tea-
drinking as a pleasure to
be followed by its neces-
sary penalty.
People are accustomed
.to being "kept awake
nights" by tea. Green
apples or heavy biscuits
would keep them awake
nights, too.
Yes; and if they drank
I tannin or ate lead — both
of which are commonly
present in tea — is n't that
enough to keep people
awake nights?
You avoid the tannin by
not boiling your tea you
avoid the lead and other
indigestible matter com-
monly found in tea by
drinking Schilling's Best
There is nerve-strength
and pleasure and no pen-
alty in Schilling's Best
Your money back if you
don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 333 .
REDUCED RATES TO
YOSEMITE,
-- . ■■ "■-•.-• ■ ... .- •■- ■ ',:■. 7
By 'Joining Locke's select parties. Start ever*
week. Inquire week days » to 9 p. U., at 333
O'F armll street. J. li LOtiw "
fmtiftiwiiiii ■■! ma Mug, ■n.fcM.riMtMintfff-yylnTmfariPHFnr t* " ■
thought she waa dying she called Schaefer
to her side and forgave him for his mur
derous attack.
After the husband was sentenced to two
years' imprisonment she began to think
of her property interests, amounting to
$5000 or $6000. Hence the divorce pro
ceedings.
, . » m
Music at the Park To-Day
A programme from the favorite compositions
of Italian composers will be rendered.
Overture, "D'Elisa et Claudio" Mercadanta
Selection, '-Lucia di Lamniermoor" Donizetti
Waltz, "II Bacio" Arditl
"Reminiscences of Bellini" arr'd by Godfrey
"Marcia Baccanale" N. Celaga
Overture. "Wiillam Tell" Kosslnl
Finale, third act, "RiKoletto," allegro, quartet
and storm seen-- Verdi
Intermezzo/'CavallertH Rusticana" Moscagnl
Grand selection, "Pugliacci" Leoncavallo
March, '-Augusta Rnel" VHeIU
Next Saturday's programme will be from
French composers.
You Are Not
n 1 1 1
So Blind
That yon cannot see
The difference in the prices of
Agate Kitchen Ware.
SPECIAL SALE
Of I'amoin Peerless Agate 'Ware at 60
Cents on the Dollar.
4-o.nart Agate Coffee Pot '. 9 62
6 quart Copper Bottom Agate Saucepan.... j6B
4-quart Agate Coffee Biggins.. 59
1-1-ciiiart Agate Dish pans ..V.... '.".■.' 69
18-quart Convex Cooking Pots ;:■.•. .-. 125
Other Articles in Proportion.
■ . ' • ■■ *■-'- '■ — - ... :. -?'£~M
43- RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty. : --. ;
WkSmM
BiB-BgQ MARKET ST
SPECIAL SALE
RQXBUBY
BRUSSELS CARPET
laid ryrp a
LINED,/ J(j YARD.
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75.
SHIREK & . SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Aye.
■ Telkf.ho.nk 5391.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-"
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market st, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. KeaicUaoa lcM<J
fell at. Telephone: "Ptaa" 2isL
HEALD'S '..
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST., SAN
Francisco— Bookkeei ing, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, -modern languages, English branches
and everything pertaining to a business education'
rapidly taught. Department of electrical i En-
gineering in operation. % Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Night sessions. students can commence
! at any time. Thousands of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue. . ,-. . •-. . . ... - -.. :.■:•.•
THE LYCEUn. 1
PREPARATORY . SCHOOL FOR THE VSI-
; I verslty, Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
:on recommendation. ' Many students have been
| successfully prepared at this school. Dar and
evening sessions. .References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. - Phelan building, Nos.
383-335. PROF. L. H. GRAU, Principal, late of
Stanford University. 4 . '.'.: ' ' ■ . "
TRINITY SCHOOL (FOUSDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOY 3
J3 and young men. Prepares for university and
colleee. Boarders limited to - 35. Accredited
school with the universities.' Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. ■■
■■:■• / RKV. DR. E. B. SPALDINQ, Rector.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
9907 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, ENG-
--t/ 4 iisb. perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; 930 per
month; new term July 18; coach. . ... ...
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
REOPENS AUGUSTS." FULL COLLEGIATE,
'XV seminary and acaderaie courses;, unequaled
musical and elocutionary advantages; terms
moderate. : Address MRS. C. T. MILLS, •
■ . . ■ Mil!n College P. P., Cat
SNELL SEMINARY, ;'
1 91 Q MADISON ST., OAKLAND: A BOARD.
i-^i-O ing and Day School for Girls; pupils pre-
pared for college and university; next term ooens
MONDAY, August 3, 1896. . . .
■■•»■,-• - , MARY E. BNEI.L, Principal.
: IRVING INSTITUTE. , r V'
POARDINO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR TOUNO
I 1 ladies. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage will call. -Next session will begin on
Monday. August 3. Address - ;
•; REV. E. B CHURCH, A.M., 1036 Valencia st.
RADCLIFFE ALL,
APRKPA ATO V SCHOOL for GIRLS.
: For Illustrated Catalogue address &?££*''%?%?£
MR i.: ALPHKUS BULL, :
• Belmont, California. .
ISS HAMLIN'S SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary, a boarding and day. school- for
girls under the direction of "MISS SARAH-- D.
HAMLIX and .vIKS. tDNA S>TELL POULSON.
Full term opens Wed., Aug. . 5. All departments,
kindergarten ' to college preparatory, all or write
for particulars. 1849 Jackson St.. San Francisco.
17ISKA INSTITUTE. 1606 VAN NESS AYE
Zj Day and boarding school tor girls; -from pri-
mary through collegiate department; thorough,
course i of English. French and German: those
wishing to join the graduating c'a.sa should be
present on . day of • opening, August 3. MilE,
B. zidKA. A.H.. PrlnciDAk ; . :,., .-•-- . '. •■?■?<■'**
78
RATES CUT ON
TEA SHIPMENTS,
Move of the Railroad to
Check a Vanishing
Traffic.
COMPETITION TOO KEEN
San Francisco May Become a
Great Distributing Point
for Tea
"BATES EFFECTIVE TO CHICAGO
This Fort Has Natural Climatic Ad
vantages Possessed by Few
Other Cities.
After seeing the China and Japan trade
eradually slipping from its grasp for sev
eral years the Southern Pacific Company
has at last awakened to the fact that there
is serious danper of its being deprived of
it almost entirely by the keen competition t
of four other rail routes in connection
with the same number of competitors of
the Pacitic Mail and the Occidental and
Or ental steamship companies.
This is the situation that bas long been
recognized by the local tea trade, and
through the Traffic Association the South
ern Pacinc Company was asked some time
ago to make a blanket rate on tea of 75
cents per 100 pounds to Chicago and all
points west of that metropolis. The mat
ter has been under consideration for some
months, but it was only yesterday that
the railroad company came to the deter
mination to aid the local tea merchants
»ud protect us own interests by making a
radical reduction in the lates on tea into
the territory mentioned.
Takinc effect July 25 there will shortly
be issued by the Southern Pacinc Com
pany a special rate on tea and teadast,
which v.iii apply in connection witti the
Bio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande, Colorado Midland, Burlington
anu Missouri Paver, Chicago, Rock Island
an-.! Paciic, Missouri Pacific, Atlantic and
Pac.rk, Atcbison. Topelta and isanta Fe,
and i.'.c Southern Pacinc's Atlantic system
Via New Orleans.
These rates will apply from California
terminal stauons, nameiy: ban Francisco,
Sixteenth street (Oakland), San Jose,
Stockton, Sacramento, Marysville and Los
Angeles to Missouri River common points,
namely: Sioux City, Omaha, Kansas
City and points between on both banks
of Missouri River, and also to St. Paul
Mid Minneapolis, Galveston. Houston and
M ississippi River common points, namely :
ht. Louis, New Orleans and various points
on the Mississippi River south of Du
buque, lowa. It will also apply to Chicago
mm common points, taking 111 Milwaukee
ami the cities of Wisconsin and Illinois.
These new rates will be quoted, as is
customary, at owner's risk of sifting,
toa a!v<ays losing more or less in transit
by the tiner port.on filtering through the
thin boxes and the matting wrapped
around tliem. For carload lots, minimum
ot .4,000 pounds, the rate will be ?1 per
100 pounds, and for less than carload lots
the rate will be ?1 50 per 100 pounds to all
the points named and also to all inter
mediate point*. Under the present sched
ule of rales $1 53 per 100 pounds is charged
on carload jol.« and $3 per 100 pounds "on
1 ?s than carload lots to intermediate {
point? cast of Colorado. To Colorado in» !
termediate points and points west of that
Sia;e the rate per 100 pounds on less than
carload lot? is now $2. Tiie terminal rate
which applies to-day from Pacific Coast
common ponts to Missouri River, Mis
;>i River and Chicago common points
is $1 50 per U0 pounds in carload lots and
$2 ptr 100 pounds in less thau carload lots.
One of the traffic, men of the Southern j
Petinc Company, speaking of this latest |
move of his company, had this to say:
->se ra'e< will permit the tea trade of
this City to bid for a large amount of busi
ness tliat now goes to New York and will
tend to make San Francisco one of the
preat lea emporiums of the coumry. This
nl the coast ior a distance of about
one i.undred miles has a peculiar climate,
which permits of tea being stored for a 1
preat length of time without suffering any
deterioration, a most important matter |
Which the local trade can take advantage I
of to a'.ri them in competing with the New
York tea merchants. It will be possible
for the local ruen to keep large quantities
on hand and supply the trade as consump
tion demands, and the consumers will
thus be provided with tea that is always
fresh and wholesome.
"We have no assurance that these rates j
will give us an increased revenue, but we I
are willing to take our chances with the
local merchant?."
Where s-ouie years ago the Southern Pa
cific Company and us water allies — the Pa
nne Mail and tbe Occidental and Oriental
stramship companies— had a monopoly of
tlio tea trathc that crossed the Pacitic
Ocean and the North American continent
they have n< w four competitors, which
tre also in competition with one another,
thus making the right for business a
spirted one. Tnese are the Canadian Pa
cific Railroad in connection with its own
iteaiuship line via Vancouver; the North
er:! Pacific via Tacorua; the Oregon Rail- i
way r.nd Navigation Company via Port- i
L»nd, and the Great Northern via Seattle.
All of the*e lines Garry the bulk of tbe
tea to New Yorlt and Chicaeo. which are j
now ihe distributing centers for much tbe
larger portion of the Un ; ted States. It is
hoped with the aid of these reduced rates
vnd the ideal tea climate for the storage of j
tea that this City possesses that consider
able of this distributing business will fall
to San Francisco.
The only transcontinental line that has
not agreed to come into this arrangement
is the Union Pacific, with its connections,
t*ut it is hoped to secure their consent
j-hortly.
It is not unlikely that the competing
lines to the north will endeavor to pro-
Uect their business by meeting the cut ol
outhern Pacific and its connections.
i; they do another reduction by the Cali
fornia line and its connections is among
the possibilities.
KILLED AT LIGHTNING
6m4 Heath of Senator Tillman's Eldest
Daughter.
CHESTER. S. C, July I.B— Rev. Robert
A. Lee ot "Yorkville and Miss Addis Till
mtn, eldest daughter of United States
henator Till man. were struck by lightning
near Brevarrf, N." C, yesterday, and in
stantly killed. They had been on an ex
cursion in the afternoon and were talking
together when the fatal bolt struck them.
. The Rev. Robert A. Lee wan pastor of
» Hie Episcopal Church at Yorkvilleand the
ton . of Professor J. F. Lee of Due West,
r a iaWiMHfß6risf*^lMMW l lfi'iim
M:ss Tillroan was 19 years old and the
Senator's eldest child. She was educated
at Hoilins Institute, Virginia, and at
W nth.-op College, the latter institution
having been founded by her father a few
years a»;o.
Conrent ion of Ranker*.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., July 18.—
The interest manifested in the present
monetary discussion is probably responsi
ble for the unusually large attendance at |
tbe third annual convention of the State
Bankers' Association, which opened to
day at the International Hotel. Ail the
leading bants of the State were repre
sented, and there were many visitors from
Ohio, Michigan and New Jersey. The
convention was called to order at 10
o'clock by Hon. Bradford Rhodes, and
after prayer by Rev. A. B. Bacon the an
nual reports of the officers were pre
sented.
4ZStO.\n JtZTTTE/iFIELTf'S WIFE*.
One of Them Demand* a Third of His
Big Ksta'.e.
WATERLOO, lowa, July 18.— A sensa
tion was sprung here to-day when Mary
Ann Butterfield of Cortland, N. V,,
through her attorneys, filed a suit against
the heirs of the late Almond Butteriield
for a third interest in the estate of $100,000.
There will be about twenty suits in all,
many farmers to whom Almond Butter
field had transferred land being made de
fendants. Almond had been married three
times. Mary Ann was wife 2. For more
than twenty years Almond lived in this
county with wife 3, and not until his
death was it Known that wife 2 still lived
and that no divorce had been granted.
Charged With Einb'azlement.
HAVERHILL. Mass.. July 18.-C. W.
Morse of Denver, who is on a visit to his
former Dome here, was arrested to-day on
a charge of embezzling $7500 from tna
Haverhill Aqueduct Company of which he
was superintendent and acting treasurer.
He furnished bail and the case will come
before the court Saturday morning, but the
hearing will be postponed.
A Postoffice Bobbed.
CARROLLTON, Ohio, July 18.— The
postomce safe was blown open early this
morning and a larere amount of money
and stamps taken, in addition to a num
ber of registered letters. The explosion
was heard and the Sbenff started in pur
suit of the burglars.who were four in num
ber. They jumped into two bnpgies and
escaped. One of the men was injured by
the explosion.
Trying an lutra Murderer,
DUBUQUE, lowa., July 18— The pre
liminary examination of Christian Ecker
leb, accused of murdering Mina Keil on
July 4, was opened at Bellevue this after
noon. Sheriff Mitchell swore in thirty
deputies and closed all the s aloons. Ex
cited crowds filled the streets.
Johnson's Speedy Mile in England.
LONDON, E.ng., July 18.— At Catford
to-day the American bicyclist, John S.
Johnson, rode a mile in 1:44 1-5. He was
paced by tandems.
AFTER A HIGH SCHOOL,
Mission Defense Union Will
Make a Special Plea to
the Supervisors.
They Claim There Is a Snfficient Snr*
plus on Hand to Erect a
Suitable Building.
The Mission Defense Union, at a meet
ing held last night, determined to make a
vigorous fight for a high school, to be es
tablished at some centra! point in the
Mission. School Director Clinton was
present and said that while he .heartily
favored the scheme, the money was lack
ing for its consummation.
"The appropriation has been reduced
from 11,600.000 to $1,000,000," be said.
"The salary lists of teachers foot up
about |900"000, so it is seen that only
$100,000 is left to run the entire depart
ment. If the Supervisors stick to this, it
may be necessary to close some of our
high schools. I would suggest, however,
that an effort be made to establish at least
three high school classes in the Horace
Mann building. They have threw vacant
rooms just suited for such a purpose, and
tbe expense of conducting classes in them
would be nominal."
President Grady read the following com
munication:
Department of Potilic Schools, )
Board of Education, >
San Francisco, Cal.. July 17, 1896.)
John H. Orady, President Mission Dtjcntt
Union— Dear Sis: Owing to arrangements pre
viously made to visit friends at Mill Valler thin
evening, I will not be at the meeting. How
ever, if (he report of the Auditor ana the rec
ommendation of the Grand Jury is anything
to base an opinion on, it looks blue for a Mis
sion High School baildinc.
1 am entirely unable to understand the true
motives of some of oar public men, when
we find them striving to undermine
the existence of tho institutions that
gave birth to this the most grand of
all countries the sun shines on. What would
the statistics of crime have been in this coun
try to-day had It not been for oar public
scnools? Compare the cost of maintaining
schools with that of caring for the criminal
elements caused by lack of educating the
masses, especially in some of the oider coun
tries. Spain soends 1 seven times as much on
maintaining her criminal courts and jails, not
including her armies, as she does on educa
tion; Russia nine times as much; the figures
for such maintenance In the United States I
have not at my command. But in the main
tenance of tbe armies, compared with that of
education, we have the following figures:
Russia spends trr.rty-three times as much on
her armies as she does on education, Spain
twenty-seven times as mucn, and the United
Slates twice as much on her&chooN as sho
does on her army. Does not inch figures as
these sustain tbe residents of the Mission in
their demands for what they were justly en
titled to years ago without asking. If so,
would it nut have been a wiser move to build
us a high tchool and two nrst-class grammar
school buildings, thatwesomuch need, than to
have piled $300,000 into a municipal building
on Kearny street that we do not need? Would
it nut also Dave been a wise move to neve
placed seventy-five Able-bodied, broad-minded
teachers in tho schools than to have added
that number 01 police to the force? Which
will reduce the most crime. Yet, ■whenever a
reduction of expenses is demanded, the School
Department is the first target to be singled oat,
We want this money to build this building,
and when the taxpayers ol this City will
stand the unnecessary expense that was
heaped on them last year there is no
excus* why we should not be given $200,000
for a necessary expense. The Grand Jury
urges a reduction in teachers' salaries. Jhis
may be well, but the State thai starves iv
teachers dwarfs it« children. They -who rob
the teacher smite posterity. But right rests
on duty. To make the profession of teaching
lucrative ive must make it useful. The Board
of Education must be merciless u> all laziness
and incompeiency. The true social functions
of a trades union are to punish bad workmen,
exclude the incompetent and Insist on sound
work. The doctrine of minimum wages must
rest on the guaranty 01 honest goods. We can
not gather the plums until we grow the tree.
All we can do is to persevere and we will win.
Very respectfully yours, H. C. Henderson.
Secretary Van Duzer sail the Auditor
had buddenlv discovered a balance in the
treasury of $200,000. This money conld
not be used to pay old bills because the
Supreme Court had three times decided
that such a proposition was illegal. If
the proper fight was made ne thought the
$200,000 could be secured for a hlph school
building in the Mission. On motion of
Mr. Van Duzer the following were ap
pointed to co-operate with the Mission
High School committee in accotcnlihin"
the end desired: B. A. Hultz. F. H. Far
ley, George W. Kearhy, Captain Boyd,
D. W. Kelly and J. H. Spamer.
The joint committee will appear before
tbe Board of Education next Wednesday
and make an appeal for a temoorarv High
School in the Horace Mann building.
They will then go before the Supervisors
I and urge that the $200,000 surplus be ex
pended in a High School building to be
erected in tbe Mission.
On the evening of August 1 the Mission
Defense Union will be addressed by Judge
Thompson, Dr. John A. Miller and John
£. Heenan, on the gold and silver stan
dard.
Combs, brushes, hair curlers, sponges, soaps,
powders, hand glasses and every kind of toilet
article in use can be found at g catlr rod need
prices In the perfumery department of Sanborn
& Van's, 741 Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
MAHER ARRIVES
READY FOR BATTLE
The Conqueror of Slavin
Is Already in Fine
Fettle.
ASKS ABOUT SHARKEY.
His Manager Will Back Him
Against Any Fighter
on Earth.
CHOYNSKI FIRST, OF COURSE.
An Intimation That the Battle May
Take Place in Some Other
County.
Peter Maher, who is considered a likely
aspirant for champion fistic honors and
billed to box Joe Choynsti eight rounds,
arrived on the overland last evening, iook
Peter Maber, the Irish Champion. Who Is Matched to Fight Jo© Cboynski
Eight Hounds.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
ing br jght-eyed and clear-skinned and fit to
fight almost at a moment's notice. With
him came "Back" Connolly, hi? manager,
and Peter Lowry, a lightweight of Dublin,
who acts as his trainer.
The party was met at Sixteenth street,
Oakland, by a number of Maher's friends,
and at the mole still another crowd
greeted him and followed aboard the
ferry.
Maher said that he never felt better in
his life, and that while he had journeyed
to California to do battle with Choynjki
he was ready to fight any one who would
hazard a match.
Peter seemed particularly anxious to get
news of Sharkey and his methods, and
when told by a member of the party that
the sailor was merely a- big, willing fellow,
without any particular science, he de
manded:
"Well, what was the matter with Cor
bett, then?"
When the way that famous four-round
go was fought was explained. Peter smiled
grimly and said:
"Rushed in and clinched, did they? Well,
that game is all right sometimes, but it's
dangerous," and his ponderous rifrht
closed ominously as though h« was pic
turing to himself how he would have "pat
it on" Sbarkey had he been in Corbett's
place.
Corbett's condition during that engage
ment was also very interesting to
jlaher and he hazarded a guess that the
California boxer could not hare been in
rirst-clas* form.
Maber looks every inch a fighter— even
more so than when he visited this coast
three years ajio. He has tilled out some
since then and says that he feels betterand
weighs more than he has in years. He has
the deep chest, sloping shoulders and mas
sive upper arius, well bound to the chest,
that indicate driving power, while his
straight, well-built iegs denote agility and
stability. The neck and jaw are those of
the lighter, and nis hands are large and
well knit.
Maher may well be classed as a hand
some man, his features being regular and
his expression frank and pleasing. He
was attired in a light suit with a dark
derby, when he alighted from the train
last evening, and within a few moments
was chatting gayly niih his friends, joking
with some ana poking others playfully in
the ribs bard enough to make them easp.
He is almost boyish in his pranks, and has
a cheery word for all within reach of his
voice, making a friend as fast as he makes
an acquaintance.
In disposition, Maher is as much a
fighter as in appearance, and he is gener
al.y very modest. Mention one of his
battles in his presence, and some par
ticularly excitini.- rally occurs to him, his
cvi * flash and he is quite likely to illus
trate the blows delivered by planting
similar ones on his auditor's anatomy.
Then, suddenly, he remembers that he is
not in tJLe ring, and lapses into silence or
changes the subject.
"I will back Peier to fight any man on
earth, bar none."' said his manager while
crossing the bay last evening. "Of course
we are here to fight Choynski, and that
matter raiidt be disposed of first, but aiter
that we will be ready for all comers.
"Of course coming Here under the cir
cumstances we have it ie hard to tell what
our movements will be, and probably for
a few days we will do nothing. We came
under a guarantee from the N ational Club,
which, as we now understand, has failed
to procure a permit for the ruatch. We
do not know yet whether this is true, and
we shall wait until we have a talk witn the
National Club managers before making
any arrangements. They have gone fur
ther to arrange this match than the man
agers of the other clubs, and while we do
not consider ourselves patticularly bonud
to sign with them, we shall give them
plenty of time to arrange the affair before
going elsewhere.
"There is one thing certain, however,
tliat we will make no match for less than
a $(5000 purse. We have given up a num
ber of important engagements that would
have netted us big money and made a long
and tedious journey to come out here, and
56000 is the least we will fight for.
"Peter is in condition to fight at short
notice, and the sooner the match is made
the better. "
When a«ked whether Maher would ob
ject to lighting outside of Sau Francisco
Connolly replied:
"Not in the least, anywhere so long as
the money is guaranteed and we get a fair
deal and protection."
The question was prompted by a state
ment made by J. J. Groom, one of the
managers of the National Athletic Club,
who met the party at tho mole, that the
fight would be held under the auspices of
liis club.
"Don't let any one make the mistake of
thinking that the National Club is not go
ing to handle this affair," he said, "for it
is. If we can't get a permit from the San
Francisco Supervisors isn't it just possible
that the right might b« held in some other
county? The National Club is not out of
the running yet."
The party pat up at the Baldwin Hotel
last evening and to-day will inspect the
trainingquarters selected at Sausalito by
"Spider" Kelly under telegraphic instruc
tions from Maher.
JUSTICE FIELD RETURNS,
The Reports of His Disabled
Condition Vigorously De
nied.
Finished Treatment at Springs and
Will R?st Here Daring East
era Hot Spell.
Justice Stephen J. Field of tbe Supreme
Court of the United States returned to tb*s
City early yesterday morning by special
train from '£,[ Paso de Robles, where the
aged jurist has been for several weeks
resting and carefully nursing tbe old in
jury to his right knee.
The fact that be was continually wheeled
about in an invalid's chair while at the
sprines that every encouragement might
be siven to his injured limb is said by Mrs.
Field to be one of the chief grounds for
the reported condition of her husband.
The reports the characterizes as distress
ing to herself and Eastern friends and un
founded in fact.
She declares that Justice Field is better
than when he left San Francisco several
weeks ago to take tbe treatment he has
just completed at £1 Paso de Robles, and
denies that there were any doctors on tbe
special train which made frequent stops
on the fray up in order to afford the in
valid as much rest as possible.
The train arrived at the Third and
Toivnsend streets station at 6 o'clock yes
terday morning and «>on after Justice
Field was talten to the Palace in a carriage
from which be was assisted only by his
valet. He walked to the elevator, though
with a very noticeable limp, a^nd went at
once to his apartments, where he was
i joined later by Mrs. Field.
Orders were left in the office that no
cards should be sent to the room, as Justice
Field wished complete rest.
During the afternoon, however, Mrs.
Field granted a brief interview to news
j paper men and for nearly an hour enter
; tamed Mrs. Stanford, who is an old friend
i of the family.
; Many solicitous telegrams were received
j from friends in the East and a great many
kindly friends left cards during the day.
Mrs. Field cays that they purpose to
remain here until the warm season has
passed in the Bast; then they will start at
once for their borne in Washington.
< Meanwhile, she says, her husband will
receive only such medical treatment as is
necessary for his knee alone.
Colonia Defents Mmerald.
i LARCHMONT, -N. V., \ July 18.—
Larchmont Yacht Club inaugurated , its
seventeenth: annual i reratta ' to-day under
favorable conditions. The meeting, which
covers seven days, concludes on Saturday,
July 25. The event of the day was the
Colonia' s , victory over ; Emerald in the
schooner class. -. Colonia won by one min
ute and forty -nve second?. '■
Young men or old should not fall to read Thomas
Bitter's advertisement on pace 8. /
THE RUSSIAN BAND
TO PLAY NO MORE
Members to Take Passage
Monday for New
York.
PLAYED BUT TWO WEEKS
But They Were Not All Rus
sians, Hence Their Hasty
Departure.
MANAGER WALTER DECEIVED
He Declares That the Agent Doped
Him, but He Takes Magnan
imous Revenge.
The little Russian band that has for the
past two weeks been pouring forth melody
at the Chutes will spiel no more, at least
iv San Francisco. They will pack up their
trombones and castanets, their fifes and
bass horns and hie themselves away to
the city whence they were originally
shipped — New York.
They were to play a twelve weeks' en
gagement, but in the very dawn of their
advent they depart.
There is a little story back of it all — the
story of a disappointed manager. It ends
happily though, for the agent at least, and
the denouement is simply the complete
dissolution of the reputed Russian
band. It is not in fact a Russian band at
all. bnt according to the statement of Man
ager Walter of the Orphenm a band
made up of musicians whose nationalities
are legion and whose musical abilities are
not invulnerable to criticism.
"It was in this way," said Mr. Walter
last night. "1 was in New York last year
and listened to a band of fifteen Russian
musicians there under the leadership of
Schotoff. I was enraptured. Their play
ing, was magnificent. Their instruments
simply whistler). I said to myself I will
bring this band to San Francisco and create
a furor. I accordingly telegraphed when
I arrived in this City to their agent, one
Orruy. and told him to send me this band.
He wired back they would soon be on the
way. I procured a twelve weeks' engage
ment for;i hem at the Chutes.
"Well, they came. They played for me,
and had not finished the piece before I
was convinced I had been shamefully
deceived. I then addressed several of
them, askinsr them if they recognized me,
but they did not. I tinaiiv discovered that
only three of the original fifteen had been
sent to me, the remaining twelve being
picked up in the East from among all
classes of musicians.
"There are some fine musicians among
them, but they are not all Russians, and
it is not the band I listened to with so
much pleasure in New York City.
"They are under a leader — Simonoff or
Simonson— with whom they have never
played before. This is the' cause of the
whole trouble. It takes a recognized
baton to lead an orchestra with success.
"They played, but it was only ordinary
playing. So I have decided not to bring
the mattei into the courts, which I could
do with successlul issue. I have simply
paid the fare of the poor fellows back to
New York, that they may not be here
idle. The Chutes people have helped me
in this. It has cost me altogether $3000.
"The real fifteen I heard were members
of the band of tbirty-hye musicians who
came to the World's Fair at Chicago and
played under the leadership of Damroscb.
He failed with them, but Schotoff took tit
teen of them and had marvelous success.
"They will play no more here, though.
They leave Monday for New York."
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
yesterday.
Clubs.
Won.
Lost.
Per
Cent.
Cincinnati..............' ..'..
Cleveland ;.....
8a1tim0re.'...........
Boston
Chicago
Pkisburg. "...
ifeirY0nc.v.. ....... ...... ..'.'.■;.■
8r00k1yn.....;
Philadelphia.
Washington.
St. Urals... ..:..
Louisville..-. .......:....
63
47
48
43
43
40
37
M
85
31
21
17
KB
M
24
32
36
34
37
40
41
37
65
63
.679
.668
.666
.567
.044
.540
.600
.498
.460
.455
.270
.-.'40
CINCINNATI, Ohio. July 18.— Thirteen thou
sand people caw the Reds fall down to day
after eleven straight wins. The champions
bunched their bits on Ebret and made doubles
and triples at will, while Hemming was very
effective with men on bases, excopt in the
sixth inning. Score: Cincinnatis— 3, 10, 1;
Baitiraores— lo, 12, 1. Batteries— Ehret and
Peitz; Hemming and Clarfc. Umpire— Hheridan.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 18.— The Bostons
had their batting clothes on to-day, and took
the Clerelands into camp, thus winning one
game of the series. Score: C'.evelands— 3, 11,
3: Bostons— 7, 14, 1. Batteries— Wilson and
O'Meara; Nichols and Tenney. Umpire —
Hurst.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., July 18.— To-dny's game
was «. pitchers' battle. Five consecutive hits
In the fourth inning won the game for New
York. Score: Louisvilles— 3, 8, 1; New
Yorks — 4, 8, 0. Batteries— Cunningham and
Dexter; Clark and Zearfoss. Umpire — McFar
land.
HTTSBURQ. Pi., July 18.— Carsey started in
to pitch for Philadelphia to-day a:nl lasted
Just one inning. PHtsburg scored five runs.
Keener, who succeeded him, pitched a good
game except in the seventh inning, when the
home team broke a tie and scored three runs.
Philadelphia put up a preat uphill game.
Score: l'ittsburgs— B, 14,1; Philadelphia.*—
5, 11. 3. Batteries— Hawley end M«rritt;
Keener and Clements. Umpire— Belts.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 18.— Witn Dowd back
in the game to-day tbe Browns beat the Brook
lyns hftiids down. Breltenstein had all the
bsst of tbe pitching. S<;ore: St. Louis— B, 14.
O; Brooklyn*— 4, 8. 4. Batteries— Bn-ltenstein
and Murphy; Wesley and Grim. Umpire —
Lynch.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Winners of Yesterday's Trotting Pacing
, and littnning Events. .
DETROIT, Mich., July 18. — This wu the
opening day of the Blue Ribbon meeting.
Crowd large: track fair.
2:21 trot, purse $2000, Diet Hubbard won,
Copel&nd second, Quality third. Best time,
2:13.
. 2:25 pace,' purse $2000, Dan Q won, Falrvlew
second, Mrs. Jo third.' Best time, 2:12.
- Free for ' all • pace, mile dasn, purse $1000,'
W W p won, Frank , Aean second, . Rubinstein
third/ Best time. 2 :00,' a .
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 18,— Summaries:
. One mile, Eau Claire won, Charley McDon
ald second, ' Mountain Quail - third." Time,
1 :45>4. • v.-: -■  ..•;• ;..•..-. . «• -r- ". v ,-,'■
■ One mile. Schiller won, Peileas second, Mrs.
Br*dshaw third. Time, I:4'2>.£. ' . • :
. Four and a naif furlong*, Blitzen's Sister
won, ; Omaha Wood second, ' Juauita third.
Time, :55* A .
Six And half furlongs, Nick won, Laureate
second. May Thompson third. Time. 1:20^.
- Six furlongs, Aqnina won. Zaraar II second,
JacK B third. lime, 1:14&
Six furlongs, Harry Duke won, Sligo second,
Johnny Mcliaie thin!.- Time, 1 :14.
LATONIA, Ky., July 18.— summaries: . . -■
- Six furlongs, AUeiu'a won, St. Helena second,
White Oak third.. Time, 1:15 : V
- One mile, Anna Garth won, Hotspur second,
Japonic* third. Time, 1:43. ■ ■. :-'•':
. Mile and an eighth, Cajniva won, Howard
Mum second, Lobengula taird. . Time, l:5?U.
Mile and an eighth. First Mate won, Ramiro
seconn, Loki third. Time 1:54?£-
Five and a hail furlongs. Irby B won, F r \
second, Abe Pttrst third. Time, 1 :08%.
One mile, Airoce won. Cuticleno second,
Salrable third. Time, 1:42.
AQUEDUCT, ft'. V., July 18.— Summaries:
Half a mile, Salaire won. Full Speed second,
Ednn D third. Time, :49 3^.
One mile, Koyal H won, Lambent second,
Van Brunt th lrd. Time. 1 :43 U.
Six furlongs, Zanone won, Premier second,
JiarMan third. T:mc, 1:15.
Mile and an eishth, Sue KittJe won, Charade
second, Mirage th:ri. Time. 1:55.
Five luiinnss. Sunny Slope won, Our Johnny
second, Robert \V third. Tim?, I :O3J^.
Mile and an eighth. Flames won, Conne
maugh secoud, Satim-Ua third. Time, 1:56} j'.
BXTRIES FVR PETAL.VUA. It ACES.
Horse* That Will Contest at th« August
.. . . Meet
PETALTTMA, Cal., July 18.— The en
tries for the Sonoma and Warm County
Agricultural Society's race meeting to be
held in Petaluma during the week fallow
ing August 3, are as follows:
Two-year-old • trotiing— b. 1., C. M.
Frees; Owyhee, b. c, OaKwood Park farm;
Central Girl, b. U, A. B. Stophenson; High
land Lad, b. c, A. McFaddeu; Brian Bud,
eh. f. and Wood j Mark. eh. c, O. March and;
Lottie Lilac, b. f. , Wild Flower stock farm.
■ 2:19 trotting— Nutwood Wilkes, eh. h., D. B.
Stephenson; Charivari, b. m., Charles A. Hue:
Mischief, b. m., R. H. Mason; Clay S, b. h., Hy
Schlosstr; Stella, bf., Thomas Smith; Mamie
Griffin, blk. m., ParkHeushaw; Myrtle Thorn,
br. m., F. W. Loeber; Faro Bank, b. g., I.
Christie. .. ..
2:40 trotting— Alias,' b. f., John Mclntosh;
Twilight, b. m., D. H. Gleason; Teheran, b. h.,
John Moorhead; Bonnie Director, b. m., A. C.
Severance; Niece, b. m., A. M. Holbrook;
Favor, s. h., Rosedale stock farm; Millie L,
b. m., J. G. Curcello; Mabel McKinney, b. 1.,
W. L. Spoor; Alkl, b. h..N. G. Smith.
2:20 class, pacing— Palitius,c. m., River View
stock farm; Adele, b. m., D. E. Fortin; Colouia,
s. g., Marsh Thompson; Stndwoon, blk. h.,
Bradstreet & Rickard; Earthquake, b. h., O.
Marc-hand; Senator, blk. h.. M. O'Reilly; Nick
o' Time. R. R. Beard; Nellie B, b. m .Frank
Humphreys: San Luisito, br. h., Elmer Trainer.
- 2:14 pacing— Javelin, b. m., Oakwood stock
farm; .Alice Creso, b. m., J. L. Borden;
P'unkett, b. g., D. R. Misner; Hanford
Medium, b. S.,.Ed Weisbaum; Belle, eh. m.,
Park Henshaw; ' Prince Nutwood, b. »., B. F.
Lnnrford:
2:30 racing— Belle, b. m., N. S. Bid
die ; Blfle Bell, br. m.. River View stock farm ;
Kstelle Wlclces, br. m.. 8. P. Tote; Gladys W,
ch.ra., M.Wright; Beachwood, br. m., Dr.
Klrkpatrick; Al Almont, b. s.. F. Rodger.-';
Florine, b. m., Santa Rosa stock farm; Lizzie
E, i. m., L. B. Spurgeon; Nick o' Time, R. R.
Beard; Ed Lafferty, b. s., T. J. Crowley; Lindo,
b. m., George Ilelman; Die tutus, eh. s.
Belmont stock farm. . ■ ■ •' ,
Free for all, pacing— Waldo J, g. g., James
Mack; "W. Wood. b. g., Oakwood Park farm;
Ruby M, b. m., Park Hens-haw; Loupe, blk. jr.,
11. McManus. .•-.•-* T;' i-
In addition to these races the society will
offer purses for three extra trotting or
pacing events and two or more running
events each day. It will also match the
professional bicycle-rider, Oscar Osen,
against any trotting or pacing horse for
$100 a side. W. P. McNair has been en
gaged to do the starting.
TENNIS AT NIAGARA FALLS.
The Prettiest Gatne.s Ever Witnessed en
Canadian Soil.
QUEENS ROYAL, Niagara Falls, Oitt.,
July 18. — The finest tennis ever witnessed
on Canadian soil was that seen, to-day
when the ladles' finals and the decisive
match in the men's singles for the Cana
dian championship cup were played. In
the ladies' match Miss Bessie Moore,
champion of the United States, met Miss
Atkinson, the ex-champion. It was the
prettiest game imaginable and Miss At
kinson turned the tables on her conqueror
of a few weeks ago by winning the Cana
dian championship, three sets to two.
after a very hard-fought battle. The score
was: 4—6. 6—l, 6—3, 2-6, 6—2.
R. D. "Wrenn, ex-champion of the United
States, is now champion of Canada. This
morning he won from Fischer in three
straight sets: 6—1,6—3,6—5. Although
Fischer endeavored to set a hot pace
Wrenn covered everything and showed
magnificent form. The last set was very
close, but at critical points Wrenn was
found not wanting.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT CTCEING.
Tom Cooper Again Heats Eddie Said in.
a One- Mile Open.
DETROIT, Mich., July 18.-The Na
tional Circuit bicycle races at the Windsor
Driving Club track furnished excellent
sport for 2000 spectators to-day. The Mor
gan and Wright triplet team went against
the world's record of 2:01 fortone mile and
cut it down five seconds, leaving the rec
ord at 1:56. Summaries:
Professional, one mile, 2:20 class— J. J.
Blouin, Detroit, won; Fred Hicks, Bay City,
second; E. C. Johnson, Cleveland, third: 6.
P. Bernhart, Toledo, fourth. Time, 2:13 1-5.
Professional, one mile, open — Tom Cooper,
Detroit, won; Owen KiniU*. Indianapolis, sec
ond; E. C. Bald, Buffalo, third. Time, 2:10 2-5.
Professional, two miles, handicap — H. C.
Clark, Denver (100 yards), won; L. C. John
son, Cleveland (100 yards), second; C. D. Wil
son, Bay City (180 yard*), third; O- P. Bern
hart, Toledo (?30 yards), fourth. Time,
4:22 3-5.
At Sandotene Park.
LONDON, Eng., July 18.— At Sandown
Park to-day the National Breeders' prod
uce stakes of 5000 sovereigns, five fur-
Jongs, was won by Lord Rosebery's Che
landry; Lady Meux's Ardesbir was sec
ond and W. Low's chestnut colt by Ben
dOr out of Braw Bans, third.
Tteat the Tandem Record*.
LONDON, Eng., July 18.— At the "Wood
Green track to-day Barden and Parlby
beat the tandem bicycle records for from
two to five miles. They covered the latter
distanc* in 9:25.
HEW TO-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Billons end Nervous di*order3,Buch as Wind
i and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chilis, Flushings at
Heat, Loss ot Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Qos-
tlveness. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, *c., when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of. them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL .GIVE RELIEF Ml TWENTY
MINUTES. This la no fiction. £yery sufferer la
earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAITI'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or lrrego*
larltiea of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic-* tew doses will work won- 1
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system,' restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge ot appe-
tite, and arousing , with the Rosebud ot
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are tacts admitted by
thousands, In all classes ot society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Boccham's Pills have the
Largest Sale .of any Patent medicine
in the World. ■•* '••."■
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than_ 6,000,000 ; Boxes
at Drugstores, er will be sent by U.O.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 885 Canal St., New
lork, poet paid, upon receipt "ot price. Book
Oreo upon application*
NEW i TO-PAT.
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolaf ra,
the African Tonic made from
Sterculia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
' • fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - ra
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
. Brunswick Pharmacal Co. .
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
92 William St., New York*
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
STAMPED ON A SHOE
: MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
>bj 00 flfl
I m\^ OZ.UU.
BLOCKADE SALE.
3STO
MISREPRESENTATION!
It Is easy enough to advertise a aale and sell In-
ferior shoes cheap, < bat such actions are always
found out. and the old maxim, "Honpaty is the
best policy." is the only legitimate way of doIDS
business. We have been In business for years and
I oar square dealings have made our business what
j it is. .Now we advertise a blockade sale. We are
I compelled to do it, and when we sa.- we are sell-
ing bargains our customers believe us. We have
never deceived them, and they have confidence In
us. This week we tre ■: selling , bicycle shoes
cheaper than they were ever offered in . thla cit.V*.
Just think. Gents* Kangaroo ■ law cot Bicycle
Shoes, unlined. with flexible soles, re/laced to
31 85; they retail elsewhere lor $>'- 50; mM uentV
Kangaroo Bicycle Lace Shoes reduced to 2. Such
prices prove we are selling cheap.
QC' ' School Is about opening,
OOCi and we are prepared to
_^_ ■ sell' shoes ■■ at bedrock
f"^* I**1 ** prices. Misses' Don sols
I < / Kid Button Shoes, .with
I < I spring heels and paten
l-f) I ha-.hertlDs. sire's 11 to 9,
J^Jf 1 reduced to 85s.' Jllsje*'
J^-mT \ solid. Wearing i'ebbls
y^F 1 § Grain Button, with spring
3 heels, double soles and
UStZZ^-^ESBi sole-leather tips, sizes 11
VBmmsmtM miiwi to 2 , reduced to 85c.
an OK
S-"'^"^' : Ladles* Extra Fine Bas-
fset - Goat Oxford*, faanc!-
. ttXfi " turned soles, pointed or
m. 1 \^l "arrow square toes* and
I Rb -^a# \1 / tips; no tacks or nail*;
it^Liail^wK IA/ latest, styles: every pair
VW, guaranteed; reduced for
-Ik y this ween from $2 to
(tO IC. . Can you -afford to pay
S>4&« 1 \Jm 92 15 for a first-class arti-
cle? If so here is a chance.
m. i J^% ftll '«»' Russet Cloth Top
South trn ri?s. The icui is
fj^S§lA>^j chrome tanned, and :• as
JS&S**_Z*iff soft as used in a glove; the
>*>*- s^^j»w ; brown cloth tops »re made
->& jj/StSSr ot the best material anrt
ct^^L^gtsSSpSs w\\\ cot f ide : the soles are
■".a^LpMCirnrr «iw . full hand-turned and'' re-
quire no breaking in. The
toes are either razor toes and tips or narrow square
toes and tips. All sizes and widths; s:»'.Kh nobbr
Southern Ties, sold below cost, i'rice 9 2 15; sold
regularly for 8a • ' '
SIT Country orders solicited.
$&" Send for Kew Illustrated Cataloro*
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
I "Our Annual Clearing ||
a Sale of Traveling Men's g
Samples, Second - hand R
i and Shop-worn Monarch v y
g and Defiance Bicycles is fi
3 now going on. Prospec- j]
U tive buyers will benefit |
1 themselves by getting our H
fj terms and prices. P
I Monarch Cycle Mfg. Co., 1
I 3 AND 5 FRONT ST., \\
|| SAN FRANCISCO. . H
ICH AS. BROWN & SON. 807 Market |
' Street, San Francisco. "'■ >
.C. F. SALOMONSON, Corner Twelfth I
-' and Franklin Sts. Oakland, Cal." ■
• f.^ihl&'tM Biff ** is * -poisonous
*< <J^^s9 ""' "i»«£a remedy for Gonorrhea.
Gleet, p rm a torrhceV
tF-Si&r in l S 4*Tt.y&X whites, cnnatnr&l din-
tap?/ Qurutcttl f| charge?, or any iaflamtna-
-4*l E{ * n> »ui»«irt. lien, irritation or ulcera-
g-JPrertnu ecni»«Joa. tioa of macotn mem-
Ta»yHE£vAMB CHnrcnCo. branea. Non-astringent.
: %flSßcmci;ntATi.o JB I • Sold b 7 OrnSHStato,
'fflß^^. U. S - x -lteMlt? feat "' n Plain . r " ! I "''
:by express. prep«d, i.r
__^^DJs^^V I* Circular •en* or. - o«a».
. COSMOPO^LiITATff,
Opposite V. S. Mint,"' 100 aad 104 Fiftn st* •• Sal
.iraucisco, C«J — most select family hotel 11
ih« city. Board and room. 91, 91 '<** and si i j p#;
, o*y, according 10 room. iioala 26a, Booms, -»Jj
, and 760 a day. :; i!'re« coach to an<l from ia« a^:»^
.Loot lor the co&oa bean ma name ot ma ji-
■»opv:u*u £**. >vi£ JtAUttYt frgpr.**DEMOCRATIC STATE
MACHINE AT WORK,
The New State Central Com
mittee Makes Alford
Chairman.
JEALOUS OF ITS POWER.
An Unlimited "Advisory" Com
mittee Is to Be Named
by the Chair.
TO ME£T EVERY THREE WEEKS
Senator White Wants the Party's
Stump-Sp.akers Fed on Daniel
and Ccckrell.
The new Democratic State Central Com
mittee met for the first time in the bil-
Jiard-room of the California Hotel yester
day afternoon and organized for the cam
paign.
Seventy-five of the 123 members were
present, quite a number being represented
by proxy. The first meeting developed no
lights because nothing calculated to
arouse serious contention came up. There
•was a somewhat strained effort to display
campaign enthusiasm at times and the
business of the meeting was interlarded
with some Bryan eloquence.
When 2 p. m. came no candidate in op
position to W. H. Alford of Tulare had
been sprunpr, and shortly after the meet
ing opened he became the leader of the
State campaign. Alfor.l was first brought
to the front by Gavin McNab and be is
supposed to be inclined to take the side of
the Junta in the local fight should there
be any demand for the services of the
chairman of the State Central Committee.
But the local fipht has not hart time to get
definitely into the new State Central Com
mittee.
The meeting was called to order by
Frank H. Gould of Stockton, chairman of
the last committee and of the last State
Convention, and Al McCabe of San Fran
cisco proceeded to act as temporary secre
tary.
N early all tbe San Francisco members
and the twenty members at large re
cently appointed by Gould were present
end there was quite a large representa
tion from tbe rest of the State. There
were: D. A. Ostrom of Yuba, John W.
Mitctiell of Los Angeles, J. A. Filcher of
Placer. Raleigh Barcar of VacaviUe and
other old warhorses of the party in the
crowd.
Mr. Gould said simply, "Gentlemen, the
firtt business is the election of a chair
man to take charge of the coming cam
paign," and then Eugene N. Deuprey
came forward, according to arrangement,
and nominated Mr. Alford, the young Tu
lare lawyer, who was described as of a
vigorous and determined disposition, yet
wise and capable of grasping all require
ments, a:i<! so on.
Everybody was ready to make Alford
the party chief, and there whs a burst of
applause; and then John W. Mitchell, as
a representative of the south, found pleas
ure in vigorously seconding the nomina
tion as one of a man who could stand on
every plank in the platform and one
identified with the chief issues of the
party.
J. M. West of Tehama and the North
and Charles Edelmaa ot Orange said more
nice things about Mr. Alford, and then, on
motion of J. W. Mitchell, Mr. Alford was
elected by acclamation.
Tbe handsome, black haired, open
visaged and quite brilliant young and new
rarty leader was escorted to the chair by
Eugene N. Deuprey, and iv the course of a
ready speech s;;i I :
"I appreciate the splendid compliment
paid me by the Democracy of California.
I assume the responsibility perfectly aware
that the election of a President may turn
on the electoral vote of California. I
promise you that when the electoral col-
Jese convenes, everr vote from California
shall be cast for Bryan and Sewall.
"It is true tbat in this campaign silver
will be arrayed against gold, but silver is
but a symbol and the outcry for its free
coinage is a wail from those whose rights
have been denied. I favor silver for iiself,
but more because the herald of freedom is
shod with silver sandals to-day."
The new chairman received applause
and awaited theft pleasure, whereon Frank
H. Gould, on motion of Samuel Braun
hart, received the first thanks tendered
him for his management of the last cam
paign, the late secretary, John Markeley,
being included in tbe thanks.
"Gould !" they cried, and Gould made a
quite eloquent speech of thanks and of
party advocacy. He praised the new !
chairman as a character of purity and j
honor, a man of ability and brilliancy and
a representative ol the sentiments of the
Democracy of to-day.
Gould got three cheera nnd then Raleigh j
Barcar and D. A. Ostrom became two vice
chairmen of tbe committee.
On motion of Gavin McNab tbe chair
man was authorized to appoint two
secretaries.
On motion of Max Popper, M. P. Has
sett of San Francisco was elected- treas
urer.
It was also on Popper's motion that the
chairman was authorized to appoint a
sergeant-at-arms and assistants. It has
been decided that tbe sergeant-at-arms
shall be J. P. Devereux.
The committee organization, the im
portant feature of the proceedings, occa
sioned much discussion. Ttie sentiment
of the committee was largely against the
creation of an executive committee which
should proceed to run the campaign to
Buit itself.
Eugene N. Deuprey started the trouble
by moving that the chairman be author
ized to appoint from the State Central
Committee a campaign committee of fif
teen to have icimedin.te charge of cam
paign work.
J.W.Mitchell vigorously objected, nnd
urged that every member of the State
Central Committee liked to feel that he
was a part of the campaign machinery.
The work of a campaign committee was
best performed by the whole committee.
Politicians were always scrambling for
committee positions to gain political ad
vantage.
Deuprey urged that tbe campaign work
niioulo begin at once, and that such a
committee was needed to act between j
meetings.
Charles Edeiman wanted to make the
committee twenty-five in number, but F.
ll.* Gould championed a small committee,
and one with which the chairman could
readily consult.
Gavin McN'ab explained that the pro
posed com ru it tee was not an executive
committee representing tne whole com-*
mittee, but one representing the chair
man.
D. A. Ostrom took a hand in favor of
Deuprey's committee, and then Denprey
offered "to merely call the new committee
an advisory committee, and after J. A.
Filcher had" argued the necessity of proper
committees from a practical, common
pense standpoint it was ordered that the
chairman should appoint an advisory
committee of fifteen from among tbe
members of the committee.
A I alf hour later, on motion of D. A.
Ostrom, the chairman was given discretion
to increase the committee from any source
he sees fit, and thus the "advisory" com
mittee which will chiefly assist Mr. Alford
durina the campaign was left.
After many motions and much discus
sion the chairman was authorized to also
appoint a committee of ten on registra
tion, a committee of seven on speakers, 8
committee of seven on Senatorial and
legislative matters, a literary committee
of seven, and a finance committee of fif
teen. In appointing tbe last two commit
tee«, the chairman was authorized to go
outside of the Stnte Central Committee.
On motion of J. W. Mitchell it was or
dered that the State Central Committee
should meet regularly every third suc
cfssiye Saturday, and that twenty-five
should constitute a quorum.
Then it was decided that the chairman
should appoint a committee of seven to
arrange a leception to the California dele
gation to the Chicago convention, and on
motion of Gavin McNab the committee
was instructed to confer with the chair
man and secretary ol the San Francisco
County Committee.
"W. P. riullivan and John F. McGot
ern," put in Samuel Braunhart to identify
the Junta as "the" County Committee.
Somebody called for '"White!" as the
Senator was seen about the rear door, and
a special committee escorted Senator
Wnite to tbe front, where he was lustily
cheered before he said :
"Gentlemen of the Committee: I am
much obliged for this kind reception. I
am not going to detain you with a speech.
I know that all that can be done to make
this campaign a success will be done by
this committee. In tbe money centers we
find Democrats renouncing their alle
giance to the party.
"Many of these have been members of
the party, it is true, but a victory under
their leadership could not be anything
but transient. We can afford to
lose any Democrat who is unwil
ling to accept tbe decree of the
duly authorize 4 party authoritv — the
party National convention — chosen by the
people. The Democratic party has been
the party of tbe people. We have always
claimed to do justice to all, and it was to
conserve those principles of Government
more necessary to the poor than the rich
that the party came into existence and un
der the leadership of Jefferson was called
into power.
"The necessity of the hour is the dis
semination of literature carefully and
truthfully setting forth the facts and argu
ments underlying the financial issue,
livery sneaker who goes upon the stump
should be provided with such speeches as.
those of Senator Daniel and Senator
Cockrell. These are too long, perhaps,
for general distribution, but presentation*
of the case in smaller form should be put
into tho nands of every voter in the State,
and to this end little communities should
be formed in every precinct in the State."
Raleigh Barcar, who has labored for
four years to get the State party organiza
tion to adopt a printed constitution and
by-laws, again presented the matter and
this time with good prospects of succesi.
The matter was referred to the next
meeting, and in the meantime each mem
ber will receive a copy of the proposed
laws.
The selection of permanent headquar
ters was left -with the chairman, and then,
after an unsuccessful attempt to iind M.
F. Tarpey and secure a report from him,
the committee adjourned for three weeks,
leaving Chairman Alford 's hands quite
full of business.
TRIBUNES OF THE KINGS
Their Site Being Selected by
the Golden Gate Carnival
Committee.
A Supreme Director to Be E'ected
To-Morrow— lnterest in the Sale
of Columbia Seats.
Architect Bhea and several members of
the executive committee of the Carnival
of the Golden Gate went over Van Ness
avenue yesterday morning with a view of
selecting the site for the tribunes of the
kings and queens who will preside over
tbe carnival.
After they participate in the parade and
before the grand march in review it is pro
posed to take all these dignitaries oat of
j the procession and assemble them on the
tribune. Shea's idea is> to have the king
in the center flanked on either side by the
young ladies representing California, Ban
! Francisco, the school children and the
i Fire Department with their retinues.
Then the marchers will pass along and dis
band.
It is proposed to erect a tribune after
the style of that used during the corona
tion of tbe Czar. Shea believes a similar
tribune erected on Van Ness avenue
would produce a magniiic?nt effect. He
also favors the southern end of the avenue
as its location, as thousands of people
could congregate on the block and on
Mnrket street and view the ceremonies.
If this plan is adopted by the commit
tee, Shea will at once prepare the designs.
GoTernor Budd will be invited to crown
tbe lady representing California, and
Mayor Sutro the one on whose shoulders
the honor of representing San Francisco
will fall. The lesser dignitaries will be
crowned by the king of tbe carnival.
Should rain interfere with this programme,
the ceremony will take place in the Me
chanics' Pavilion. A special grandstand,
capable of seating about 2000 people, will
be erected immediately in iront of the
tribune. Special souvenir tickets, bearing
coupons, will be sold in advance for this
stand at a slightly advanced price over
that asked for the other seats. Tbese will
be placed on sale at an early date, and the
funds will be used to meet carnival ex
penees.
Since the announcement was made that
Miss Maxine Elliott would auction the
boxe* for tne Columbia Theater benefit at
the Merchants' Exchance ou Tuesday
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock, Manager Fried
lander has Deen besieged with ietters ask
ing for information regarding the affair.
Only the boxes and loees will b* sold,
nineteen in all, as the seats are being
rapidly taken up. The prices bid will be
the premium in addition to the regular
matinee price.
Preparations for the carnival have so
far advanced that an election for carnival
director will take place at the meeting of
the executive committee to-morrow after
noon. This position will be the most
arduous in the whole affair and will re
quire a man of great executive ability and
experience. The director will be chosen
from the members of tbe executive com
mittee and will have to be a man of means,
as no salary will be attached to the posi
tion.
The representatives of the Eastern car
nival button manufacturers collected at
carnival headquarters yesterday and
agreed not to offer their "Mardi Gras"
buttons for sale here. They admitted
when the facts were presented to them
about the date of copyright that they had
been attemptinp a "'big bluff," and as
their game was up would retire as grace
fully from the field as possible.
EMMET FOOTBALL CLUB.
Annual Plcntc to Be Held at Hchaetzen
Park To-Day.
The annual picnic and games of the
Emmet Football Club will be held In
Sobuetzen Park to-day, and those who
patronize the affair may expect a good
time. The principal events, open to all
competitors, will be: 100-yard race, 200
--yard race, 440-yard race, one-mile race,
running hop, step and jump, running
long jump, throwing 66-pound and 10
--pound weights, football place-kick. There
will also be numerous races for boys and
girls.
One o! the most interesting events will
be a tuu-of-war between the Knights of
the Red Branch Rifles and the Emmets
on cleats for $100 a side. R. C. O'Connor
will take charge of all athletic events.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
GOLD QUARTZ
IN THIS CITY
A Pleasing Discovery of
Graders on Point
Lobos Avenue.
AN OUTCROPPING OF ORE
It Was Found by Contractor
Broderick on the
Curb Line.
HE BUILT A FENCE ABOUT IT.
A Claim May Be Fi'ed if the Ore
Proves to Bj Rich in
Gold.
The immediate neighborhood of Point
Lobos and Central avenues was thrown
into a state of excitement Friday evening
by the announcement that a gold quartz
ledge had been discovered by contractors
working on Point Lobos avenue under the
new concrete wall of Calvary Cemetery.
At the particular spot where the out
cropping of quartz was found there used
to bo a high bank of earth composed of
surface sand, with a stratum of adobe clay
and serpentine rock beneath. Down to
the level of the avenue this rotten rock
was cleared away, but Friday evening the
graders encountered a large bowlder, in
which their picks made no impression.
The soil and soft rock were cleared from
around it, and then a sledgehammer was
brought into requisition to chip off that
portion of the hard bowlder projecting
above the street level.
Contractor Patrick Broderick was pres
ent, but paid little attention to the work
until a large chunk of gold quartz was
chipped off. The weight "of the rock first
Where Gold Quartz Was Discovered on
Point Lobos Avenue. The Bowlder
of Ore Is Shown Inside the Fence.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist]
attracted attention, and then some miners
among the woncmen exclaimed in astonish
ment: "It is rich gold quartz; it is a gold
mine!"
More pieces of the quartz, for such it
really was, were broken off the rock and
examined. They were found to contain
quartz, heavily laden with what appeared
to be iron sulphides. The news of the dis
covery spread rapidly and a crowd of
curious people soon gathered ronnd the
quartz outcropping. One of the spectators
was an old miner named Schupp, who
lives in the vicinity. He unhesitatingly
declared that the quartz carried consfder
able gold. Another veteran miner, and a
neighbor of Schupp's, added enthusinst
ically that the ore would assay over $100 a
ton. Whereupon Broderick collected sev
eral samples for assay and examination.
Lacking knowledge of how to proceed in
securing a mine, ha had a fence erected
around the quartz rock yesterday, and
now the novel spectacle of a prospective
mining claim fenced in npon a public
street of San Francisco can be seen on
Point Lob'js avenue. The quartz outcrop
ping is situated opposite Central avenue,
on a line with the curb, on the south side
of Point Lobos avenue. On the southerly
line of the street is the new concrete wall
of Calvary Cemetery, to erect which con
siderable earth bad to be removed from
whera it war. backed up on Point Lobos
avenue.
Henry Bertling, a saloon-keeper at 115
Point Lobos avenue, has several samples
of the quartz. He was positive yesterday
that his place stood almost over a gold
mine. In reply to a question why the
fence was erected around the quartz rock
be replied:
"A claim may be filed upon it."
••By whom?"
"I guess by Broderick or me. Mr. Schupp,
an oid miner, told me that the ore is valu
able and it's no barm to be prepared if an
assay should prove it to be good stuff."
Broderick le.t his work yesterday and
took samples of the quarts to an assay
office, and he seemed to be more taken up
with his newly discovered mine on the
city's street than in anything else in the
world. Fora certainty a bowlder of quartz
is there, but whether it is an outcropping
of a led.c or merely a vagrant rock re
mains to be Been.
DETERMINED TO DIE.
Camillo Ferrari Fires Four* Shots Into
Hli Body With Fatal
Effect.
Camillo Ferrari committed suicide by
shooting himself through the heart on
Ninth avenue, near the main drive in
Golden Gate Park, Friday night. His
body was found yesterday morning by
Policeman Norton.
Ferrari up to two weeks ago ires em
ployed as a salesman in a fruitstore at 702
Turk street. At that time the proprietor
sold out. The deceased had been out of
work ever since and was naturally de
spondent Only 50 cents was found on the
corpse.
Ferrari fired four shots into himself to
end his existence. One bullet passed
ttirough the chin, another through the
neck, a third through the left lunjr and the
last, which proved fatal, was hred directly
into the heart. So far as known the de
ceased has no relatives in the City, thoußh
he is said to have an uncle residing some
where in the southern part of the State.
FLORENCE BLYTHE.
She Is Sued by One of Her Attorneys
for Services Rendered.
Florence Blythe, the heiress, despite
her preat wealth, is in trouble with one of
her attorneys, who says that she is not
willing to pay her jnst debts.
Thomas I. iJergin, the surviving law
partner of tbe firm of McAllister A Bergin,
yesterday riled suit in tne Superior Court
for the recovery «>f judgment for |50,737.
Of this Mtm $50,000 is claimed to be due
for pmfesston.-ii services rer.dered, and the
balance of $737 for cash advanced to pay
the personal expenses of the heiress.
Some Ihree month* aco Mr. Bercin be
gan a suit for in* recovery of $15,000 for
money loaned, which ;s still pending.
Florence h«s not yet tiled her answer to
the complaint. The value of the Blythe
estate is estimated at not less than
$4,000,000.
THE OLD COLLEGE CHURCH.
A Festival to Take Place In Order to
Add to the Bectory HuJUllng Jtund.
The ladies of old St. Mary's College par
ish are making great preparation for a
musical festival and bazaar to take place
next September, the proceeds of which are
to be devoted to the rectory building fund.
The following-named ladies are in charge:
Booth I— Mrs. Juiia Redmon and
Mrs. Thomas o'Neil, assisted by Mrs. My
ers, Mrs. Bell. Mrs. Gettings, Mrs. Has
hagan and the Misses Luiu O'Neil and
Sadie Hashagan.
Booth 2--Mrs. Richardson and Mrs.
McDevitt, assisted by Mrs. Millericr, Mrs.
McMahon, Mrs. McCann and the Misses
Lennon and Eckles.
Booth 3 -Mr-. Thomas "Minahan and
Mrs. John Mitch?:!, assisted by Mrs. Wil
liams, Mrs. Boaeh, Mrs. Xicol, Mrs.
Cfuffey, Mrs. Duverger and tne Misses
Miuahan and Tereja Nicol.
Booth 4— Mrs. and Miss Josie Cereghino,
assisted by Mrs. Stafford, Mrs. Francis,
Mrs. Meincke and the Misses Nora
Thompson, K. Kelly and K. Meincke.
Imniaculate Conceotion Sodality booth
—Conducted by the young ladies of the
sodality.
Boda' fountain— Mrs. Supple and the
Misses Suppl', K. Doyie and Agnes
eu;>|)!e.
Candy stand— The young ladies of the
choir: Misses Lizzie Denmson, Katie Ke
hoe, Katie O'Brien, Julia White and Jen
nie McCann.
Refreshments and icecream — Mrs. John
Cherry, Mrs. Chambers and Miss Mary
Martyn.
The shooting gallery will be in charge of
the Mon's Sodality.
MONEY ORDERS INCREASE
Local Business Shows an Im-
provement During the Year
of 10 Per Cent.
The New Street Rai way Mail Ser
vice Will Probab y Be Intro
dnced August 15
For the fiscal year ending June 30 the
money order business of the local Post
office shows an increase over the previous
twelve months of nearly 10 per cent, or to
be exact $556,017 62. The increase over
1890 amounts to $1,728,276 96. The figures
for the last six years of domestic and
foreign business are as follows:
Domestic
Issued.
•
Dnmrstia
Paid.
Intprnn'.lonal.
Issued.
Ititoninlional.
laid.
ToUL
|
■
$i, ■-•38,208 93
f '>,■ 'J3.837 02
$468,70 < 10
9140,831 18
$1,171,573 32
30,1892
i 1 sea 80,
W, -run-
June
91.000,004
TO. *1.(J4^,43»'J7
27 30,
SO, 1806
2. 530,834 98
2,788,705 14
8,114 043 28
3,533,701 18
70
37
' 20
11 424,754
419,474
152,207 47
104,601 27
168,483 01
4,140,457 61
4,694.229 30
6,017,994 70
1 <52,6(M 05
5,343,854 GO
151, 614 70
8,«f19,572 28
FOR riSCAIi VKAK KNDINQ JULY 80. 1891.
It will be observed that domestic orders
issued and paid show a handsome increase
orer the preceding year, while tho foreign
business is considerably less than that of
any year since l&X).
Postmaster McCoppin requested some
time ago the appointment of eighteen ad
ditional carriers. The service demanded
at least that number, and it was believed
that the authorities at Washington would
order the appointments. It develop??
now, hower r, that the extra appropria
tion made by the last Conere*s is not put
ficieiit to meet one-third the demand from
the country at large for extra men. The
local authorities will be satisfied, there
fore, if they secure the appointment of six
new carriers.
It is now thought that the new street
car mail system will be in operation by
August 15. The department yesterday
authorized the removal of Station A from
its present location. Bush and Polk streets,
to the corner of Sacramento and Polk.
Wh«»n the new station at the foot of
Market street is completed mnetv m*n
will be transferred from the central office
to that point. Except for the money
orders and Manip business the Washing
ton-street ofhee will become merely a sub
station.
ALL WANT TAXPAYERS.
Republicans and Democrats United as
to tho Necessary Qualification*
of Election Officer*.
T. J. L. Smiley, ex-Registrar of Voters,
appeare 1 before the Election Commission
ers yesterday as the representative of the
Republican County Committee to guard
the party's Interests in the selection of
election officers.
His credentials were promptly accepted
nnd Mr. Smiley proceeded to back up the
contention o! the Democratic representa
tive by urging tnnt none but those whose
names appear on the lax list be selected to
serve In the elec:ion booths.
Mr. Creswe'l wanted to know what was
to be done with the names of those tax
payers who had served in precincts where
frauds were detected at the last election.
Were such to be aopointecl?
"Certainly not," said Max Popper, the
Junta lender.
"Well," rejoined Mr. Creswell, "you
have already recommended a number of
men who served on such boards."
Popper hastened to say that he hnd in
tended merely to certify that they were
Democrats and not that they were* above
reproach. This was a matter for investi-
gation.
Registrar Hintop announced that he had
prepared a list of 17.000 taxpayers, some
from each precinct in the City, and it was
decided to select from tbese as far as pos
sible. V
Sent to the Asylnro*.
Judge Hebbard yenterday committed Martin
Benson to the Insane Asylum at Kapa. Ben
con Is deranßed on the subject of religion.
He was found praying In tbe street.
Paul Sarigrmani was sent to the t'kiah asy
lum. He is a perennial talker and his flow of
Gobble canuot be stopped.
Suit Agaiimt the City.
■ Alicia Dufflcy has cued the City and County
of Han Francisco for $1260 , damsge* for the
destruction of *, building at Jessie street and
Mint avenue on January ,22,. 180«. It is
claimed that; the building was recklessly torn
down by , the City's agents and tae lumber
allowed to be carted away and lost. . :
A NEW WAY OF
MAKING MONEY.
The Underwriters Twenty
Thousand Ahead on the
Blairmore.
SAVED FROM THE WRECK
Insured for $80,000, While Rais
ing and Refitting Will Only
Cost $60,000.
FEARS FOR THE i:ZZIE PRIEN.
Was Last Seen eff Nehalem Bar Tea
Days Ago and Has Not Been
Spoken Since.
The "poor old Blairmore" was the cen
ter of attraction at South San Francisco
yesterday. The gates of the rolling-mills
and the Union Iron Worts were closed
against all Dut the employts, but never
theless hundreds managed to get in by
hook or by crook, and the wharf at which
the vessel lay was crowded, Wen, women,
and children swarmed over the hull and
many a one got a good fall on the slippery
decks.
From stem to stern the Blairmore is one
mass of barnacles. The hold is one mass
of tilth, and when the cabin hatches were
taken oft it was found impossible to enter,
owing to the slime that had gathered
there. By to-morrow things will be a little
more shipshape, and then the work of
scraping the decks and righting the hull
will begin. Captains Burns and White
law were on duty yesterday, but to-Uay
will be their "day off."
The Blairmore* was insured for $80,000.
It has coat so.fnr aticrnt $45,000 to raise her
and another $15,<XJ0 will have to be ex
pended in refitting her. This means a
total of JGO.OOOthat the underwriters will
have to pay. Even with this enormous
! expense the insurance companies will be
I I-JO.OOO aheail. The whole matter will
{ eventually and in litigation, however, as
1 the underwriters will claim that the ves
sel was not properly ballasted.
The schooner Metha Nelson, which was
recently launched from Bendixsen's yards
at EureKa has not been long waiting a
charter. She will loa^l redwood for Mel
bourne, Australia, and *ill bring back
coal from Newcastle, N. S. W.
Fi?ars are entertained for the safety of
| the schooner Lizz c Prien. She left here
I on June 4 ia«t for 1 Nenalem, Or., and ar
riveil off the river ten days a^o. At that
tJine the bar was breaking and the Prien
: could not get in. She stood on and off for
' a time and then disappeared. Since then
; she ban not been heard from. S. H. Har
i mon & Co. of this City arc very anxious
j about the schooner and are now awaiting
! definite news. The Lizzie Prien was a
j handsome two-masted schooner anil was
, commanded by Captain Inglebretstn. Bhe
I carried a crew of a>x all told and was well
I found throughout. Seafaring men seem
to think mat she has been blown off shore
anil is cow working litr way back to Ne
balem.
The tug Millie had a hid quarter of an
hour of it yesterday. While attempting
to put t lie Custom-house officers aboard
the bark Oregon the captain t:ot too much
headway on and the uig carried away her
stem and had to be towed to the wharf to
prevent binking.
The revenns cutter Hnrtlev has been
practically condemned, an t the chances
are that she will never again l>e used by
the customs authorities as a boarding ves
sel. In consequence the tug Walter
Hackett has been chartered and in futuie
she will fly the revenue ti::g. When the
new revenue cutter is launched and ready
for service the Haekett will retire and in
the meantime the Hartley will be sold to
the highest bidder. The John F. Hartley
is twenty-one years old, having been built
in San Francisco in 1875. In the revenue
marine list she was rated as third class,
but has proved herself a very useful boat
on all occasions.
A dispatch to the Merchants' Exchange
says that the British .««hip Blackbraes,
from Liverpool for San Princisco, previ
ously reported at Montevideo, was re ex
amined on June 24, after discharging 20tW
tons of cargo, and found greatly strained
and many rivets slack. It was recom
mended that more canro be discharged to
enable the vessH to be docked, if neces
sary. The leak has not, beer, found, so it
must be in the bottom.
The British ship East Anglican sailed
from Cardiff for Esquimau, «. C, over a
month ago and was caught in a heavy
gale. The vessel was severely ftrained
and had to put back. Yesterday the news
came from London that the vessel was so
badly damaged thatahe only brought $5000
at unction.
The steamers Corona and Newsboy both
leave for the wreck of the Colombia this
morning — the Newsboy at 9a. m. and the
Corona at 9:30 a. m. The sea is as calm as
the proverbial millpond, so the trip should
be a most en jo.pnble one.
AT THE CHUTES.
The I'sual Performances and a Balloon
Ascension To-Day.
The Chutes on Ha-ight street will be
opened this morning at 10 o'clock and the
boats will dash down the long slide and
scenic railway, haunted swing, trolley,
merry-go-round and other outdoor attrac
tions will be in aotive operation until 11
o'clock to-night.
Performances will be given in the Casino
at 2 and 8 o'clock, the principal features
being Virginia Aragon, the wire-walker;
tho Mnrlo-Dunhatn FamUr: Al Hazard,
i tie ventnloquis', and Miss Viola "Sheldon,
the soprano. Ryder and Conlon, somo
new "acrobats grotesque," will make their
first appearance.
At naif prist 4 Robert Earlston, the
aeronaut, will make a balloon ascension
and parachute drop.
SEW TO-DAT.
... . from V.S. Journal of Jttdirtni.
H. ; Prof.W. H.Peeke,
% . A /- — who makes a special-;
•H ■T| C** y of E P ile P s y> lias
-: ' H V^^ without doubt treat-
JL JL B»»liU'ed'..'ahd cured more
. cases than any living
/^ Physician;
I 1| rLX /■ is astonish-
VUICU behave
.■■■ , f heard of
cases r of 20 years' standing cured by
him. '" He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a ; large - bottle of his absolute
cure, free to ; any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and • Express address.
We advise ( anyone " wishing a cure
to address .*
Vf6f.w.H.PEEKE J F.D.,4CedarSt.N.Y.
- ...  KEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. I'V> -I
SPECIAL SALE ! — --MUSOOHDEnWEARI
MUSLIN DRAWERS— Six tucks, with tucked ruffle and edged with cm- A(\r>
! / broidery ...........;...... TO CLOSE AT UU^
MUSLIN DRAWERS— tucks', with wide embroidery ruffle ........ *7 c
...:....... .....TO CLOSE AT * DC
CAMBRIC DRAWERS— Ten tucks, with wide embroidery ruff1e....... .... C 1 AA
......TO CLOSE AT *l»vU
MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC CHEMISE, with tucks and embroidery in- CAr» .
sertion TO CLOSE AT 60c and upward O\JL>
FRENCH Hand-embroidered. Broken line... • ■ •• C 1 CA
.'. . . ..... . . .T0 CLOSE AT *PI»D\J
MUSLIN GOWNS— Hemstitched and tucked... /p.
. :........ TO CLOSE AT UOC
MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC GOWNS— Hie h and>low neck, tucked and QA r
trimmed with em0r0idery.... ...... TO CLOSE AT 80c and upward Out
MUSLIN SKIRTS, with deep embroidered ruffle ..... <jjf
, TO CLOSE AT^I **&
SILK WAISTS— A full line in the newest effects
......■........:....;.............. AT IMMENSE REDUCTIONS
GLOVES! GLOVES! Ladies' 4-button Suede Glove*, in tan and Eft,,
mode, worth $1 25. REDUCED TO - D\JC
SS SABIjA ESPAXOIi.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
'VITLmTLm^S IDE! JPAJFLISL
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
CATCH THIS TRAIN!
FITCH BIIW, SAN LEANDRO ASK HIVVAKDS LOCAL
(fee Southern Pacific Time Card). _*.. .'
THE FASTEST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
45 Minutes From San Francisco, ' JV- 9 Minutes From Oakland to
FITCH BURG STATION.
GET OFF THE TRAIN, - - - - - SEE THE TOWN-SITE,
Then Think and Deliberate on the Following
BINTS TO REAL ESTATE INVESTORS AND DOME MAKERS.
You can make some money now buying land anywhere within an hours' ride of a
great seaport city.
You can make more money buying in some localities than others.
You can make the most money if you select a place naturally situated for a town, -
located in the direct line of up-to-date public and private improvements, easily acces-
sible by cheap and frequent railway. and water transportation lines, to a great com-
mercial and manufacturing metropolis and other existing business centers, yet far
enough away from any to insure of its becoming a prosperous, self-supporting and
independent community. '
FITGHBURG IS' SO SITUATED
-As to combine all these advantages and many others. It offers splendid inducement!
to those about to start business of any description.
For suburban homes it rivals any of the thickly populated centers around the bay.
... Lots £5x50 feet front by 100 to 2CO feet deep for sale at the low prices of $100 to $260.
10 per cent cash and easy monthly payments.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
|ViTALiIYinMRN|
™ ~%li i &\i^^si^. Falling Sexual^
®^«tfflK -C:.li» Strength in Old orjfflk
WP -j- /l*«s'!!jV<fe^.- Young Men can be^af
• - W^!«SS>^ s:^"'? QtriCKLT end pebma-
i.',i//S' ?s \ l^ SENTiiY cured by me KB
». "fif-SBBity- 9 to ° healthy, vigorous jS
S JKESk Nervous a
%wmp ° eb J" ty *
®-^ Ai^i'; n (IT "* Weakness- Ok
• AH|Wf Vsrlcocele 2
If vilS»\V)Vf and all wasting diseases,
fife I hr.vo boon a close t\l%ii^*^^ttiffl <» <§& '
Etndentformunj;ears L^^ijP^^SS?* 'i>& '^^
«>aaftUo!>ubjoctoC wer.k- P^"sCJS^TrZS*- ** Z>\ MBtL
Vi^?noß» in men., tho fart y, 'V^r y>s3\^f'jr *tP
®ia, I w«3 a sufferer my- ~'^^^ IT <^^ s**9^ ' ' £Sk
self. Too bashful to ' !<^£r> y X''IV G8
-^ireslc tli» oid of older M^i/mpf\'^L
8^ seek the oitl of older jffl ~isZ./%3/gl\
awn or rep-.it iblo phr- AWWi/'r^V/l\ SB
iicums,ljnv.-sti,-..t-,i JM^-ij^UMX
thohubjoctdoepiynnd (r^\x!WX^rw/'/luffi
dincorored n simple f6^Ssii^/i^>^s//M^f '^P
moat rcm«rkul)ly »^H/2i& *3k2<»^ jUSk.
•but most romnrkubly VS»iA^/A-, KO
eueceanful Hemudv VSf xsg£ / 4Pr>fnrrri. flB
_ tliftt completely cured m^^L^itUkatk.
ißkn:?, and fully enlarged me TiJkffl//X/jS£/7/ gtS
from a shrunken, ftunted MHKif<XXfKnrr/7\ *»?
®conJlt«on to oatnral BiEo;v^wMj(j/f >is/ : 4&
■Bnnlntrenjrth. i.H..ntevory £''s*\'\\ ■ ■ Va?
IoiinKoro!diiicn to know f/Jf . h!i . l^x
about ix. I taken personal Wj\ V] ' /fci
Internet in tnch anil Viii f'l ' ' '•'-'•'
£Ano ono nocci hesitate to .vl} A # fifk
VVwrito me. as fill cornrauni- «jiEi g\ vt^, !
O cation* ore ■ held rtrictly ------ "• Ji
coniWential.- I pond the recipe of thi.s remedyfia
nbaolutely Xrea oj cosL Do not put it off, bnt'w'
••^nbsolutely frea at co. ; t. Do not pntit off. bur^^
wr'to me fully at or.en, you will always bless J»
tßftha day you did so. Address,' ' - • \f£J
@. THOMAS BLATZB, Boos 2383 ' 43*
Shipper urraaon* KU*2iui<>oC«lrrj, lut!.-uaa>oo, IUIrh.HH
_ _____ ..
■ "..*rvr. -^Jk".
iotel. elfiel,
• FIRE-PROOF, ' ' ■■■*•.
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. •
100 single rooms. ~; 100 rcocs, with oaths . .
200 'mites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
' 10 minutes from bufiinims and iheatnpal centres.
Orerlooktuij Central Park and the Badeon Birer*
' AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
■'• A cuisine and service unequal! anywhere in
•■■.■■" .... ."-'■ p '■ America.} t~k. '■-'■ -.. •■■
Pa.«»cnwra crossing the Jersey ferries-take either
' 6th or 9th aye. " L " to CiS'M si,., or Broadway cable
\ cars to hotel. * Boulevard c«rs pawing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel In- 10 minutes; European .
• plan. SI np. American plan.' $8 up. * - Moat com.
I pletely equipped and moot liberally.managsd hotel
in New Yo/k. : W."JOILSSON QUINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBL&, Propr.
NEW WESTERN; I^OTEL.
KEAIINY - AND V WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KISU, WAKD &CU '
Kuropean plan, uootns 5Uj 10 *1 50 per day, $1 j
to $6 per week, $8 to $&) per moutu: free batlu; '
hot and ' cold water every room; tiro jjraloi v
every room; at vaior rum an at. r . i
& ZZO MONTGOMERY St/** 5 *
MIIIS DIDO.
Thursday, July 23, 1896.
AT 12 O'CLOCK, NOON.
PROBATE SAME ESTATE TIMOTHY
J. GIBI.IN,' DECEASED.
BE. corner Clay ami Leavenworth sts.; lot 35:6
xlOOfeet; covered with substantial 3-story build-
ings; 2 stores and 5 flats; solid foundations; exca-
vated basement; total rents #149 60.
PKOBATK SALE — ESTATE W. H,
CHURCHILL, DECEASED.
1002 Hafght St.. If W.corner'Brodertck: lot 65x
137 feet, ami extra lot 27:6x27:8 feet: nous*
contains 9 rooms and bath, with basement, fur-
naco and substantial stable for 3 horses.
PROBATE A ESTATE MART T.
THOBIPSOJT, DECEASED.
62 Shipley St., NW. line,lso feet XX of Fifth St.;
25x7 5 feet; improvevenieuts consist of substan-
tial 2-story htuse of 8 rooms and bath. - - .
"-. '. . . :i . - . . - ' '
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE MART T.
THOMPSON, DECEASED.
S Lot No. 5. Block 390, South H. F. R. R. <fc Home-
stead Association; .76x100 fert; southwest lint
.Nineteenth avenue, 225 feet HE. from I street.
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE ' OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS. DECEASED.
i BE. corner Mission and Twenty-second? streets:
40x122:6 feet; old frame improvements; should
nave new building: and transfer point of Mission
and Twenty-second street electric cars. •
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS. DECEASED.
Twenty-second street, south line. 2CO feet E.
Guerrero: 25x1 14 feet: street curbed. s.-wered and
bitnniini.'.cd; electric cars pass: splendid lot for
residence or flau; In Mission warm belt. . ■
PROBATE SAI/E— ESTATE ROBERT
" MURDOCH, DECEASED.
■ Lots Nos. 1461 and 146*2. Gift Map 3, being on
south line Wolfe street, 75 feet west ofFlgueroj
each lot 2Sx7U feet, cTr &Ox7o feet In all.
SANSOMt -STREET INVESTMENT.
Xo. 704 Sansbme street, east line, 45:10 feet
north of JacKson street:. 22:llxl37:6 feet; three*
story and basement; brick building and frame
building in the rear, 67 . rooms, ; occupied as 4
lodging-house; rents 9100. ■
. NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 444 Natom* street: NW. line, 275 feet X.
K. Sixth street; lot SoxBo feet, with 8 flats: rente
$75; improvements all in good order.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT. .
:Knst line Mason street, 98 feet X. Union; lot
89:6x97:0 feet, with 6 substantial modern flat*;
rents 108. ■
IVESTEKN ADDITION RESIDENCE
I LOTS.
The northeast corner of Clay street and Central
avenue: 35x101) feet: lot adjoining above on Cen-
trul avenue, 25x100 feet; lot on north line of Cl»»
street. 100 feet K. Central avenue. 25:51,^*90 feet;
bo h streets accepted and lots ready to build on:
Jac- son-street cable-cars pass on Central avenue.
: RICHMOND UUILDING LOTS.
J'nst line Kiev nth avenue. 225 ' feet S. Polr.*
J.,obo* avenue: 50x!'J0 feet: or in two lots 25x
120 feet each r street- sewered: and lot ready to
build on. , *
910
THEIR PROMISE
NOBLY FULFILLED.
What the Valley Road Has
Done in Its First
Year.
HONOR FOR DIRECTORS.
They Have Redeemed All Pledges
and Cut Rates in
Two.
HOPE FOR THE SAN JOAQTJIN.
One Hundred Miles of New Railway
in Operation and Industry
Revivified.
It is now a year since the trustees who
represent the shareholders of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company met and elected the directors of
the corporation, and the progress that has
been made within this twelve months is a
source of marvel to railroad men gener
ally, the sharpest kind of a thorn in the
side of the Southern Pacific coterie and an
occasion for profound rejoicing among the
producers and shippers of the San Joaquin
Valley.
In the pooling agreement adopted by
the subscribers to the Valley Road stock
hope and promise was held out to the peo
ple in the following announcement of the
objects of the projectors of the enterprise:
The rates of charge for transportation of the
crops and products of this State from the in
terior to the seaboard, and of merchandise
from the seaboard to the interior of the State,
have hitherto been excessive and oppressive to
the people of the State, and destructive to its
industry and commerce.
All the parties to the agreement who have
become subscribers to the stock of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company have subscribed therefor and under
taken the construction of said railway for the
purpose o: effecting a permanent reduction in
the cost of transportation between the city and
port of San Francisco and the great interior
valley of the State by the construction and
operation of said road* as a competitive means
ot traasportion between said points.
On Tuesday next the annual meeting of
the trustees and the election of officers of
the corporation will take place. Reports
will then be read from the various offi
cials. President Claus Spreckels, Vice-
President -Watt, who has been acting
president during Mr. Spreckels' trip
abroad ; Chief Engineer Story, Secretary
Mackie and Traffic Manager Moss will all
probably have interesting information to
present.
The reports to be then made will show
that the hone thus held out a year ago
has been realized and the promises nobly
fulfilled. . *
During this comparatively short period
of one year $2,000,000 have been expended
on the construction and equipment of the
road, thus putting that amount in circu
lation among the laboring people. About
100 miles of the railroad have been com
pleted, 91 of which are now in operation,
and 15 additional miles have been graded
and made ready for the laying of the rails.
Among the prominent features of this
construction work . are the five large
bridges, aggregating $20u,000 in cost,
which now span Mormon Channel .and
the Stanislaus, Tuolumne, Merced and
San Joaquin rivers. Part of this sum of
$2,000,000 has also been used to pay for ten
locomotives, 300 reign tears, six passenger
coaches and eight cabooses.
In the construction worK of the road be
tween 300 and 400 .men were employed
each day at an average wage of $2 per
diem.
At, the meeting on Tuesday all the de
tails of the proposed $6,000,000 bond issue
will probably De decided upon.
Judging from the excellent results
achieved not a dollar has been wasted nor
an hour lost by the management. It was
calculated that it would cost about $20,000
a mile to build and equip the road.
Up to the present time the directors
have kept well within this limit, for with
an expenditure of $2,000,000 they have 100
miles completed, fifteen miles more
graded, equipment more than sufficient
for the 100 miles completed, and rails
enough purchased for the entire length of
Map of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway From Stock
ton to Bakersfield.
[Prawn from official data, but subject to slight
changes which may be rendered necessary by right
of-way obstructionists ]
the road, clear through to Bakersfield.
The line is now being operated to Sharon,
is com Dieted to Miller and graded to the
San Jcaquin River.
Among the most recent improvements
undertaken on the line is the construction
of a handsome combination pagyonfer
and freight depot at Aacalon. Work
begun about ten days ago. The structure
is to cost about $5000.
The six passenger coaches ordered at
the same time with the seven locomotives
are expected to arrive in about two weeks,
when the Valley road will also compete
with the Southern Pacific for passenger
business.
On next Tuesday there will be a confer
ence between Traffic Manager Moss and
Manager Corcoran of the California Navi
gation and Improvement Company, at
which will be discussed the matter of
opening an office further uptown for the
convenience of the patrons of the road.
Passenger and freight business may be in
augurated by the 15th of next month
through to fresno.
Two new stations were opened Friday
south of Le Grand. They are known as
Marguerite and Sharon. From both of
these a urain rate of $1 90 per ton to Stock
ton has been quoted and of $2 40 to San
Francisco and Port Costa. Marguerite is
in competition with Minturn on the
Southern Pacific, and Sharon with Mc-
Near's spur. The old Southern Pacific
rate from these points to Stockton was
$2 25, and to San Francisco and Port Costa
$2 95 nnd $2 45 respectively.
Traffic Manager Moss has also notified
the Railroad Commissioners that he has
made a rate of $2 75 per ton on flour in
carloads from Merced to San Francisco.
The Southern Pacific rate is $4 20. He has
also put in a rate of $1 85 per ton on
potatoes in carloads from Stockton to
Merced. The Southern Pacific rate is $3 10.
Trathc Manager J. C. Stubbs ot the
Southern Pacific Company states that not
only have .".11 these cuts been met by his
road, but that all future rates made by the
Valley Road would be promptly met. lie
added that the Southern Pacific would not
undertake to cut under Valley Road rates.
Thus, while not in a position to handle
any very great quantity of freipht itself
just at present, the Valley Road is effect
ing a saving of thousands of dollars al
ready to the producers and merchants of
tue San Joaquin Valley.
OFFICERS OF THE COLORED AMERICAN McKINLEY REPUBLICAN CLUB.
THE LAST CAPTURED SLAVES.
Her Captain Said to Have Been Hanged
on Bedlowa Island.
The only captain of a slave vessel who
suffered the death penalty in America was
captured by a crew of which one of the
members is now a citizen of Cleveland, the
engineer of the People's Gaslight and Coke
Company.
"The slave ship was the Erie, and it was
the last American slaver captured," said
Mr. Matthews in talking about the his
torical event. "Sue was taken off the
Congo in the spring of 1861 by the United
States sloop-of-war Mohican. - I was cap
tain of the foretop and of the star
j board watch. The capture was acciden
tal. The vessels dealing with slaves would
slip out in the intervals between the pa
trol beats of the men-of-war, and they knew
j pretty well our habits. But this time the
Mohican was delayed two days waiting for
mail, and going from the island of Fer
nondizo we sighted a vessel making from
the mouth of the Congo. We ; were flying
the French flag and the stranger floated an
American flag. >We signaled r for her •to
heave to, but this request not being re
garded a shot was fired. Then she hove to
without offering resistance, and a party
being sent aboard found every one dressed
alike. 'It Was thus some days before we
discovered who the captain was. She
was manned by fifteen men and had on
board 890 : slaves and three slave agents.
The slaves were landed and the slave
agents and five Spaniards, who did * not
want to claim American citizenship, were j
sent away in a trade boat. Eight of the
slaver's crew were shipped on the Mohican
and the officers and two of the crew were
brought to America. The slaveship was
taken to Liberia.
"The captain of - the slaver was Nathan
iel Gordon, and a year after his capture he
was swung on Bedlows . Island, where the j
Statue of Liberty now stands. The first
mate was sentenced to ten r years' impris- j
onment, the' second ." mate . received a five
years' sentence and ■ the two men were
each given a year.  -
"The severe dealing with the officers was
due to the intense _ feeling jon the slavery
question, as the war had just broken ? out.
Tho second mate and the . two men volun
teered to enter the army and were allowed
to go free. Our ; lieutenant, Dunnington, \
went '. into the * Confederate navy after
bringing Gordon back.
"About three months ; before the expe
rience with the Erie a slaver escaped us by
being disguised as a whaler. The simula
tion was very perfect, and on ttie decks we
1 could see even the boiling vats. The cap
• tain showed papers which disarmed sus
picion, and when the 'whaler' put up for
the night at the mouth of ; the. Congo our
I captain informed him that next morning
he would come around on a vi-it.
; "In tie morning he was cone, having
taken 1300 slaves aboard. We sighted a
vessel in the distance, which we pursued,
" and found to be :an English man-of-war
. also trying to catch the 'whaler.' "—Cleve
, laud Leader. <
i - ■' ■ '.:,. •.;•■• —
: If the entire population of the world is
5 considered Jto be ; 1,400,000,000, the brains
i of 'this number of human beings would
r weigh 1,922,712: tons, or as much as ninety
biz ironclads of the ordinary size. ' ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
COLORED VOTERS
FOR McKINLEY.
A Young Organization
Which Shows Strength
and Determination.
ARE ALL REPUBLICANS.
Show Their Appreciation to
the Party That Gave
Freedom.
ALL PBOMPT AT REGISTRATION.
Determined to Make Their Isflmnce
Felt at the Polls Next N>
vember.
Major William McKinley and the entire
Republican party have no stronger sup
porters than the colored men of this City,
who compose the "Colored American Mc-
Kinley Club."
The members of this club are not only
loyal to the United States Government,
but they are grateful to the Republican
party for past favors. It was this party,
through the instrumentality of the mar
tyred Lincoln, that gave to this race the
rights they now enjoy. Consequently, they
are in favor of perpetuating the power of
that republican form of government.
The Colored American McKinley Club
is composed of an intelligent body of men.
Ihe president, William N. Sanderson, was
born in New Bedford, Maws. He has re
sided in San Francisco since September,
1859. He attended the school taught by his
father, tne late Rev. J. B. Sanderson, who
was teacher of the only public school for
colored children in the sixties, situated
corner of Jackson and Virginia streets, in
the basement of old St. Cyprian Church.
He is eminently qualified in every way to
fill the position of president of the club
and is prominent in social and fraternal
societies.
The first vice-president, George W. Den
nis, is a prominent business man, com
manding the respect of all who know him.
He is a pioneer, having arrived here on
the 18th of September, 1849, when he I
camped on the site of the old City Hall.
He was proprietor of the old Custom-house
livery stable for years.
The secretary of the club, Walter A.
Butler, is a young man with progressive
ideas. He was born in Baltimore, Md.,
and has resided in California for the last
twenty years or more. He has been em
ployed in the London, Liverpool and
Globe Insurance Company's office for sev
eral years and is considered a very efficient
employe. He has the confidence and re
spect of the officers of this company.
The treasurer of the club, James R. Phil
lips, is a business man and the proprietor
of a store on Market street. He has held
several important public offices in this
City, and in every place he has been em
ployed he has given satisfaction. He was
born in Buffalo, N. V., and has all through
his life been a stanch Republican.
The chairman of the executive commit
tee, John C. Rivers, possesses all the qual
ifications for the office to which his fellow.
Republicans elected him. He is a young
man of the progressive age.
The club has a membership of 250. This
number will be increased during the next
thirty days, as there are 2000 colored voters
in this City.
The officers of the club are: Presi
dent, William N. Sanderson; first vice
president, George W. Dennis Sr. ; sec
ond vice-president, William R. Page;
third vice-president, Rev. Stevens Sevens;
secretary, Walter A. Butler; treasurer,
James R. Phillips; executive committee-
John C. Rivers, E. J. Jackson, William M.
Smith, J. L. Clayton, J. T. Callender,
Harry Pinckard, A. J. Grubbs, S. M. Dav
idson, A. L. Dennis, J. H. William*, C. A.
Jamieson. li. Randolph, R. T. Leaner;
committee on rules and or- erof business —
Allen A. Garner, Robert Thomas, Richard
Cochrane.
The duty of the executive committee is
to ?ee that every colored man In the City
is properly registered and in condition to
cast his vote for the entire Republican
ticket next November. ,
The First Carnival Benefit.
The public are urged to attend the tirst grand
benefit to be (riven for the Carnival of. the
Golden Gate, which takes place on Wednesday
afternoon next at the Columbia Theater. For
this performance Boucicault's comedy, "Lon
don Assurance," will be presented with the en
tire strength of the Frawley Company, and the
prices will remain at 25, 50 and 75 cents for re
served seats. On Tuesday promptly at 1 o'clock
in the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce
building Miss Maxine Elliott will sell at. auc
tion to the highest bidder the boxes and the
loges for this entertainment.
ONE ON AUNTIE.
An Amusing Little Story About a
Story.
There is a certain young woman living
in Greater New York, says the Evening
Sun, who has a penchant for telling
stories. Not "fibs" nor "tales out of
school," but cheerful little narratives of a
kind to lighten the leaden adraosphere of
a "woman's luncheon" itself. The young
woman has thus won quite a reputation
(for a woman) as a raconteur, and she has
a very pretty and very choice collection of
stories at her tongue's end. It so happens
that this young woman also has a maiden
aunt, an individual who although estimable
in every way, does not possess a collection
of stories of any sort, and who, lacking
appreciation in this line, does not wholly
approve of her niece's success.
The other evening the aunt, with others,
dined at the house of the niece. The niece
was in a particularly lively mood, and
with so good an audience she proceeded to
"getoffsome of her pet anecdotes. The
effect upon the audience was all that could
be desired, and exhilarated by such a ie
ception the young woman began the pre
liminaries to what she regarded as the
flower of her fiction. Scarcely had she got
beyond the opening sentence, however,
when the maiden aunt uttered a depre
cating "Oh !" followed by "Clara, my dear,
you're surely not going to tell that sfory."
"Why not?" replied "Ciara, my dear."
•'lt's one of the best stories I ever heard."
"Not if it's the story that I mean," said
the maiden aunt. "If you're going to tell
the story that I think you are, it's — ahem —
well, not exactly nice you know, and — "
"Do you mean you think it's im
proper?" asked "Clara, my dear,"
"because I differ with you. It's a
good story, and, what's more, it's
perfectly tellable. It's—" "Not if it's
the story I think it is, my dear," said
the maiden aunt in her most ruore-in-an
ancer-than-in-sorrow sort of tone. "It's a
highly improper tale, ana — " "Oh, well,"
interrupted the young woman, by this
time thoroughly aroused, "if you're going
to condemn it like t at, of course I don't
care to tell it. I certainly shan't do so now,
after what you've said.'.' It was more than
characteristic of this maiden aunt that the
moment she had accomplished what she
set out to do she began to repent. "Come,
now, Clam., dear," she said, "you mustn't
feel hurt at what I said. Very likely it
isn't the same story after all. Go on and
tell it. dear, and let me hear if it is the
one I'm thinking of." But this, of course,
the young woman refused to do, although
the maiden aunt offered many other per
suasions of the same sort. Things were
quite murky for a bit, when suddenly the
small boy "of the family cleared the at
mosphere by suggesting: "I tell you
what. Let aunty tell her bad one and
see if it's the same as Clara's."
LEADS TO CRIME.
A Book Collector Who Used His Posi
tion to Rob the Libraries of France.
It is very well known that the mania of
collecting, like other forms of madness,
leads to crime. Owners of historical
manuscripts know too certainly well that
antiquaries cannot be trusted with these
treasures. Lady Louisa Stuart, in an un
published letter, tells of a certain Duchess
in the last cerstury who said, "I cannot
imagine how my father came to have your
family papers in his collection." These
were no ordinary papers, but included
Marlborough's letter to the Chevalier de
St. George, which Lord Oxford held in ter
rorem over t c victor of Blenheim.
The Ductless knew the truth very well;
the collector had stolen the papers at the
time of Lord Oxford's death. However,
the Duchess merely said, drily, that the
circumstance was puzzling to herself.
There have been, perhaps there are,
amateurs on whom an eye has to be kept
at sales, and in collections. One of these
is described in the Memoirs of Archibald
Constable, the great publisher. Libri, that
famed bibliophile, was a book stealer. His
official position enabled him to rob the
libraries of France, and sell the volumes
ahioad. Somebody has stolen the seal of
Jeanne a'Arc's letter, which contained, in
the wax, a hair from the head of the
heroine, the last poor relic It was found
about fifty years ago, in the archives or a
little Frencn town, and bus long been
missing. But theft is one thing; niurder,
for a lot of pink stamps — la collection rose
—is another.— London News.
♦ — ♦ ♦ —
Farriers in Saxony are compelled to pass
a public examination ere they are per
mitted to work at the business. They
must understand the care and treatment
of horses or they will not be licensed to
shoe the animals.
• m •
Thomas slater has a message for every man on
pagi- 9. Dou't i&li to read O.
TWO HUNDRED
WITH "THE CALL"
California Papers That
Have Now Taken Up
Woman's Cause.
MISS ANTHONY TELLS IT
The First Gun of the Berkeley
Campaign Fired Last
Night.
M'KINLEY'S SUCCESS ASSURED.
Taken the Black Veil— West Berke
ley Athletes — News
Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 18.— Berkeley's
first gun of the Republican campaign was
fired to-night. Amid the glare of a blaz
ing bonfire and huge skyrockets, the
booming of a historic cannon and tue
playing of a brass band the Republicans
of the college town gathered at Shattuck
Hall to pay their vows at the altar of Mc-
Kinleyism. it was the largest demonstra
tion of the Kind ever held in Berkeley so
early in the campaign season, and the en
thusiasm for all that savored of Republi
canism was high.
The speakers of the evening were Hon.
F. S. Stratton, Dr. G. H. Derrick and
Susan B. Anthony. Shattuck Hall was
crowded to the doors with enthusiastic
listeners, visitors having come from the
West Berkeley Club, the Berkeley Mc-
Kinley League, tne lemescal and Golden
Gate McKinley clubs, the Young Men's
Republican Club of Berkeley and the Mc-
Kinley League of Oakland, a special
invitation having been sent to these Kin
dred organizations by the Edgar Club,
under whose auspices the grand rally was
given to-night.
At twilight a cannon belonging to Cap
tain Thomas and said to have been cap
tured from the British at New Orleans in
the war of 1812 was fired under the direc
tion of Captain J. T. Morrison at five-min
ute intervals. An immense bonfire was
lighted, and while the rocket^ played in
the air the Second Regiment band of Oak
land played popular music.
In the hall the orchestra gave an over
ture, after which introductory remarks
were made by the chairman, W. L. Hill.
Following the address of the chairman
came the speech of Dr. Derrick, who
dwelt at considerable length on the issues
of the day, particularly on the silver
question and the tariff.
Next came a selection by the Berkeley
quartet, and following this was the address
of Hon. Fred S. Stratton, who is a candi
date for the State senatorship from this
Senatorial district. He asserted himself
as being in favor of the State granting to
the university at Berkeley more liberal
support. He dwelt at some considerable
length on the local issues of the day and
then branched out to the broader and
more general ones.
He contrasted the National Democratic
Convention at Chicago with the Repub
lican at St. Louis, maintaining that the
latter was a much more deliberative body
and not subject to being carried away by a
single burst of oratory.
Referring to the speech of Bryan at Chi
cago in which he said that he would not be
crucified on a cross of gold, the speaker
said : "I do not believe that the substitu
tion of a cross of silver or any other cross
will lessen the crime that has been
wrought in the entanglement of our finan
cial affairs."
Susan B. Anthony, who had been the
guest of William Keith, the artist, and
family, at dinner, and who sat on the
platform in company with Mrs. Professor
Bradley, Mrs. Albert Carlisle, Mrs. Cap
tain R. P. Thomas, Mrs. A. E. S. Bangs
and Mrs. William Keith, spoke on Re
publicanism and the relation it bears to
the issues of the suffragists. She, as well
as the other speakers, received a ht-arty
ovation, and was cheered both at the
opening and at the close of her remarks.
Susan B. Anthony took occasion to pay
a tribute to Thb Call. She referred to
the valiant stand taken by The Call in
tue suffrage question, a stand which had
been followed by 200 other papers in the
State.
Reese Clark of Yolo, candidate for Con
gress, spoke effectively.
Taken the Black Veil.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 18.— Miss Nel
lie O'Toole, eldest daughter of Dr. and
Mrs. M. C. O'Toole of North Berkeley, has
gone to a Sisters' convent in France, from
which she recently graduated, and taken
the black veil. Miss O'Toole bore therep
uation of being one of the most profi
cient linguists that ever graduated from a
French convent, having been especially
learned in French, Italian and German.
Before she left for Europe she received
overtures from several of the leading Cath
olic institutions of the State to teach mod
ern languages, but she wa3 finally induced
to return to her alma mater as an in
structor in languages, and as a Sister of
Mercy with orders of the black veil.
West Berkeley Athletes.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 18.— The newly
organized athletic club at the West End
held an enthusiastic meeting last night,
and after deciding to form a ladies' annex
to the club elected the following board of
directors: William Rutledge, S. H. Bork
heim, Charles Spear, William Pascoa,
"\\ illiam Carroll, Thomas Wilson, E.d p.
Neihaus. Another meeting ot the organi
zation will be held next Monday evening
for the purpose of perfecting arrangements
for their coming entertainment.
Important News Items.
BERKELEY. Cal., July 18.—Superin
tendent Gariick of the Golden Gate
schools has ordered that the coming term
snail be opened on July 27, rather than on
August 3, as-formerly announced.
The Classification Committee will report
upon the assignment of teachers in the
public schools at the meeting of the
Board of Education next Monday evening.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case of the Howard-street
Church, San Francisco, will preach at
Trinity Methodist Church to-morrow
both morning and eveuing.
Rev. Dr. Taylor of Santa Clara will
preach at the North Berkeley Congrega
tional Church to-morrow morning.
Secretary Bonte of the State University
and family left to-day for Pescadero to
spend a two weeks' vacation.
The Dwight-way Fire Department, Ward
3, elected officers last evening: Rob
ert Steedman, president; Guy Knicker
bocker, vice-president; J. Wilson, secre
tary; H. Small, treasurer; I.Thompson,
foreman.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion on Monday evening Health Officer
Rowell will make his report as to the sani
tary condition of the already condemned
Kellogg schoolhouse.
Rev. George B. Hatch, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, and family,
have returned to Berkeley from theirsum
mir outing.
The Crpscent Athletic Club is preparing
to give another gentleman's night about
August 20. A number of boxing bouts
and wrestling matches will be arranged
for the affair.
Clyde E. Brown, a compositor in the
Herald office, while attempting to board
the local on Sixteenth stieet this morning
fell and fractured his arm.
The Junior Society of Christian En
deavor of Park Congregational Church at
Lorin held a picnic at Blair's Park to-day.
The Senior Society of Christian En
deavor of the Park Congregational Church
will rive a Shakespearean reading about
the middle of August, the proceeds of
which will be applied to the National
Christian Endeavor fund.
A TERRIBLE DISEASE,
Cattle Plague That Has Raged in Cen-
tral and .Eastern Africa.
The first question which naturally sug
gests itself is, What is the terrible disease
which has brought such disastrous results
in its train? Locally— that is in Rho
desia — it is known by the name of "Zam
besi cattle fever"; but it is beyond all
reasonable doubt that it is the same
placue which for five or six years past has
devastated other regions in Central and
Eastern Africa. Many travelers have sent
home accounts of its ravages in the heart
of Africa, but probably the most connected
history of its course is that contained in
Captain Lugard's two bulky volumes de
scriptive of his journeys in East and Cen
tral Africa. In one place he writes :
"The plague seems to have started on
the east coast opposite Aden, and to have
spread inland. It began at the end of
1889 and when I went into the interior in
the December of that year it had not
reached Masailand and Ukamba, nor yet
in the spring of 1890. When I returned
up country in the autumn of 1890 it had
spread through these countries and the
cattle and buffalo were dead. It had pre
ceded me through Kavirondoand Uganda,
though when Mr. Jackson passed down in
the summer of 1890 it was only beginning
to show its effects. Beyond Uganda I
found it had just preceded me through
Ankoli and Unyoro; and in tne far heart
of Africa, at Kavalli, it had swept off ev
ery ox only a few weeks before I arrived,
September, 1891.
"Passing southward it reached the north
of Nyasa about July, 1892, and we may*
look to hear of its ravages to the north, in
the Soudan and Abyssinia, till it reaches
the confines of Egypt, and on the west
through the Congo Btate till its area of
death has extended from sea to sea. And
the pity of it is that in all probability this
vast destruction of the sole wealth of
these millions of human beings and the
terrible starvation and mortality among
the pastoral tribes which have followed
in its wake might have been arrested by
the ordinary precautions which civilized
veterinary science would have prescribed,
and thus the recent inroad of Europe upon
Africa might indeed have been a blessing
to its people."
In another place, writing on the nature
of the disease and the results that fol
lowed in its train wherever it appearad,
Captain Lugard says :
"It is strange that so little is known of
the nature of this plague. It has been re
ported as a kind of anthrax by Dr. Charles
NEW TO-DAY.
TheFipeofLife!
The Wonderful Vitalizing Electric Currents Which
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Sends Leaping: Over
the Nerves, Carrying Joy and Gladness to the
Heart, Saturating the Body With the Fire of
Youth— lt Makes Old Men Young and Young
Men Manly. , ; ;
ET6Py SptlTlf IS & WBYB SlA^ t »» i» ■ i *v m_
of Animal Life Sweeping .<j£f|& Its ToilCil IS the Touch
Into the Body Every jSSfasl^ of Magnetism- Health-
Moment It Provides New '"'^^^^^'^- Essence of Vitality
Energy. *!fS!SF That Makes Men Strong.
Men, why will yon be weak ? Why do you not listen to th«
flight of time, to the echo of the thousands of grateful voices raised :
in thanks to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ? Why do you go on from
day to day realizing that you are losing your nerve force, your man-
hood, when you see a cure within your grasp ? Reach for it, take
it to your heart, and feel the life blood flowing, jumping, dancing .
through your veins; feel the exhilirating spark of manly power
warm your frame, the bright flash come to your eye, and the firm
grip, to your — the grip which clasps your fellowman and tells
him that you have found your Mccca — you have regained your man-
hood. Act to-day; do not delay a matter which is the key to your
future happiness; do not allow a disease to destroy all possibility of i
future pleasure for you. Whatever your condition to-day, you will ■
not improve as you grow older. Age calls . for greater vital 1 force, •
and the older you get the more pronounced and apparent will be
your weakness; so cure it — cure it.
WHILE YOU ARE YOUNG
The time is ripe. While the vital spark is still warm it can .
easily be fanned to flame by Electricity, and Dr. Sanden's Electric f
Belt will make you strong if you try it now. . : . '
'■' "I write yon these few lln«s to let you know bow I am getttnt; atoog. I hare wont tout
Belt now sixty-eight days, and I bare had bat one low in that time. I haven't got that ,'
tired feeling any more, and my back is much stronger than it was," writes James Hayes, ' ,
Oraaa Valley. O*L, July 10. 189*. .
"I purchased a strong power Belt from Dr. Sand en about the Ist of April for Vartoocvta, '::'■'■'."
I used it according to directions, and, otter three months, lam pleased to say that the Vaxi- '
cocele which was of twelve years' standing, has almost entirely disappeared," writes W, ■, ■
John*! 1139 Market street., San Francisco. • .
. "I bare been an invalid for twenty years, and hare suffered untold agonies until I g«|
Dr. aa.aden'c Beit. I am now a tree and healthy man." writes R. D. Browo. Ukiafe, Cal.
KNOW YOURSELF.
i; ...,-■;.. No man can appreciate the depth of this subject who does not
study it. No one knows wherein he is weak unless he compares his
condition with another; no one knows the means of curing • unless
some one tells him. Five hundred: grateful men describe their cure
by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt for your benefit ;in the little book,
Three Classes of Men,", which will be sent . sealed, free, by mail.
Call ror address
S-A-Ifl-XunNT EXjEOTHIO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday 10 to 1.
•'-:'•'--.■.■ ■ — -OF3TOBStAT~
I.ob ANGELES, CAU I PORTLAND, OR. V. ■
r/r. ;, *04 South Broadway. - 1 I ' 263 Washington atre»fc " •
worth at Zanzibar, while others (and these
apparently the majority) have described
it as a lung disease. Dr. Mackinnon and
Captain Rogers thus described it from
Witu. Mr. Sharpe, from Nyasaland, states
the disease there to have been pleuro
pneumonia. The enormous extent of the
devastation it has caused in Africa can
hardly be exaggerated. Most of the
tribes* possessed vast herds of thousands
of thousands of cattle, and of these, in
some localities, hardly one is left; in
others, the deaths have been limited to
perhaps 90 per cent. In the case of
the Bantu (or negroid) tribes, the
loss, though a terrible one, did not,
as a rule, -involve starvation and death
to the people, since, being aericultural,
they possess large crops as a resource. But
to the pastoral races the loss of their cattle
meant death. The Wabama, I was told,
had perished in vast numbers with their
animals. Everywhere the people I saw
were gaunt and half-starved, and covered
witti skin diseases. Not only had they no
crops of any sort or kind to replace the
milk and meat which formed their natural
diet, but many were unable to accommo
date themselves to such a change, and all
were completely ignorant of agriculture."
Since these words were written reports
from other sources — from missionaries in
the Garangange country, from travelers
and officials in German East Africa, in the
Congo Free State and in British Central
Africa— have confirmed this story of deso -
lation. — London Times.
In the French Census.
The French law which compels the cen
sus enumeration of all persons resident in
the country except "trap sients" at hotels
puts Queen Victoria and many other high
and mighty foreigners among the citizens
of France.
At Cimiez, near Nice, where the queen
spends the winter, she was accosted by a
census taker and compelled to fill out the
regular blank. The empress dowager of
Russia, the czarevitch and the two
younger members of the imperial family,
the grand duke and grand duchess of
Mecklenburg-Schwerid, the dowager duch
ess of Saxe-Cobunj-Gotha, the grand duke
Michel Michaelovitch of Russia, Princess
Beatrice, Princess Christian and her son
and daughter, Princess Louis of Batten
berg and Lord and Lady Salisbury are
others who will swell the total of the
French population.— New York World.
About Mars.
In an article on "What We Know About
Mars" the writer says: "We know that
the years of Mars, almost twice as long as
ours, are composed of 686 days 23 hours 30
minutes and 41 seconds, and' surely noth
ing need be more precise. We know also
that the duration of day and night, or to
speak more exactly, that of the diurnal
rotation, is 24 hours 37 minutes 22 seconds
and 65-100 of a second. We know further
that since the inclination of its axis of ro
tation is 24 deg. 52 mm., tne seasons there
are sensibly of the same intensity as upon
our planet. Besides, with our own eyes
we see the polar snows melt during the
summer and reappear in the winter."PIGEON POINT
AND ITS VICTIMS,
An English Vessel, Sir
John Franklin, Went
Ashore in 1853.
TEN MEN DROWNED.
First Ran Into a Fog Bank and
Then Bumped On to
the Rocks.
MONUMENT TO THEIR MEMOSY
1 1 Was Once Buried in the Sands, but
Now Proudly Points Its Head
Skyward.
In addition to the Colombia and half a
score of other vessels wrecked off Pigeon
Point during the last half century there is
one of which nearly all trace has been lost.
Monument Erected Near Pigeon Point in Memory of a Captain and Nine
Men Drowned in 1853.
[From a iketch made by Captain A'eiesome.]
This was the good ship Sir John Franklin,
which went ashore in 1853, within a few
yards of wbere the Pacific Mail steamer is
now slowly going to pieces.
From tbe best information obtainable,
the Sir John Franklin left Liverpool early
in 1852, coming by way of New York and
then around the Horn. When a few
miles on Pigeon Point a dense fog came
up, and before the captain could get his
correct bearings the vessel was on the
rocks.
An immense sea was running at the
time and in attempting to make shore the
captain and nine of his crew were
drowned. The first mate and six men
reached shore safely, finally finding their
way to San Francisco. An English vessel
just ready to sail carried them back to
Liverpool.
In the fifties there was no life-saving
station or lighthouse along tbe coast,
hence any vessel going ashore was forced
to trust to her own resources for the safety
of her crew and passengers if there chanced
to be any.
The Sir John Franklin was an English
vessel and was named after tbe famous ex
plorer. Friends caused a monument to be
erected on a rocky promontory below
Pigeon Point, and just beyond high tide, in
memory of tnose who had perished in the
waves. In time, however, the foundation
was undermined, causing tbe heavy shaft
to fall and bury itself in the sands.
Two years ago a party of San Francis
cans headed by Captain James Newsome
visited Pigeon Point. One day they acci
dentally stumbled across the monument
and after great expenditure of time and
labor succeeded in placing it in position.
Whether the shaft has since succumbed to
the ravages of the waves and lies buried
in the sand, or still points its head proudly
skyward, is now a question.
There are a few old seamen along the
waterfront who remember when the Sir
John Franklin was wrecked, but the name
of the captain who was lost with his vessel
is not known.
CONCERT A T THE ALMSHOUSE.
Au Enjoyable Jvent Marking a New
Departure at the Institution.
Last Thursday night the new chapel at
the Almshouse was filled with the inmates
and employes of the institution. The occa
sion was the inauguration of a "regular
monthly entertainment and musicale,
gtven under the auspices of the 'Prison
and Hospital Religious Association of San
Francisco.' "
The chapel was handsomely decorated
with flowers, and well-lighted by electric
lights. The audience was a study. To
the right of the rostrum a large number
of elderly women sat.clad for the most part
in the garb worn during their better days;
all clean-looking and cheerful. The men,
clad principally in the uniform of the in
stitution, were seated in the rear.
The audience was intelligent and re-
R}«onsive, and evidently appreciated what
was being done for their oenent. At 8:45
the exercises closed, and in two minutes
after the large and beautiful chapel was
empty, closing the first regular concert
Kiven for the benefit of the City's wards.
W. H. Tubb sang a solo; Captain E. A ,
Ileddy, the genial superintendent, sang a
melody, accompanying himself on the
banjo. Afterward Captain Reddy sang
'•The Old Mill," u*ing a guitar. The cap
tain's voice is melodious and full. Mrs.
F. Warburton sang a solo; Miss Carrie
Linder sang three songs; Miss Ethel Neal
pave two selections on the violin ; Miss
Birdie Tubb sang an Hawaiian song; Mrs.
Louisa Biebere gave a zither solo; Muster
George Linder, a vocal solo. The enter
tainment closed with a duet by Mrs. War
burton and \V. H. Tubb.
The event was enjoyable and thoroughly
appreciated by the large audience. The
floral decorations were under the super
vision of Mrs. E. A. Redny, the matron.
The next entertainment will be more gen
eral. The date will be the 20tu of August,
1896, at 7::>5 p. m.
TTIM Investigate the Wreck.
The Local Inspector of Hulls and Boilers
will institute an investigation into the causes
leading up to the wreclc of the Colombia as
soon as Captain Clark and other officers of the
ill-fated steamer arrive In port. It is thought
now that the examination will be held next
Wednesday.
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE,
Rousing Meeting With Enthusiastic
Speeches From Kyle and Kahu.
The large storeroom at 1017 Larkin street
where the Continental League was or
ganized and where it held its meet
ings has become entirely too small to
accommodate the members on the regular
meatinß nights. Consequently a larger
hall had to be secured for the purpose.
The executive committee engaged Saratoga
Hall at 814 Geary street, where the regular
Friday night meetings will hereafter be
held.
Last Friday night was the first meeting
held in the new quarters, and tbe hall was
filled to the doors.
President Frank D. Worth and Secre
tary Maurice L. Asher were kept busy dur
ing the early part of the evening arrang
ing matters to make the first night's meet
ing in new quarters a success.
Thirty applications were received for
admission and forty-eight were baUoted
for and elected.
A delegation of ladies from the Wo
men's State Republican Club was present.
The committee havinc in charge the or
ganizing of the drill corps has invited the
members of that body to be present at the
headquarters, 1017 Larkin street, on next
Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock for organiza
tion.
The gifted speaKer, Major C. W. Kyle,
stirred up the patriotic spirit of the meet
ing on political issues of the campaign.
He was followed by Julius Kabn and oth
ers. Songs and recitations of a humorous
nature were rendered by members of the
League quartet.
TENNESSEE-STREET COT,
Daylight Penetrates Through
the Blue Rock
HilL
Improvements the Order of the Day
on the South of the
Channel.
Little by little the Kentucky-street bill
is being removed, ana it will only be a
few years until the pile of blue rock will
be a thing only remembered for its past
ugliness.
The amount of earth taken out of the
Tennessee cut by the Potrero Land and
Improvement Company since the first of
May, 1895, was 130.000 cubic yards.
To load this enormous amount of earth
it would require 65,000 carts, which, if
placed in line one after another in close
order, would extend a distance of 300
miles.
The offensive bowlders, which were per
mitted to lie on both sides of Kentucky
street, south of Napa, have been removed
at last, thanks to The Call's protests, and
have been dumped into the bay to make
a bulkhead at where the Arctic Oil Com-
I panv is tilling in a lot preparatory to ex
tendine the storage capacity of its works
by the erection of a new building.
When the bulkhead is in place a suction
dredger will be put to work on the outside
of the wail and the earth taken up will be
thrown on the inside to 11 11 up with.
This with other improvements on that
side of the channel will give employment
to a larga number of men for the rest of
this year.
The property-owners from Eighteenth
avenue to the Five-mile House, a distance
of one and a third miles, have contracted
at an outlay of $3000 to place that thor
ou?bfare in good condition.
The contract calls for macadamizing,
curbing sidewalks with redwood and
putting down rock gutterways alone; the
whole distance. When thin is finished
there will be a good road from South San
Francisco to the County line and otherim
portant settlements adjacent thereto, in-,
eluding Baden and San Bruno.
• — • — •
SYSTEMATIC THIEVES.
Three Ex-Convicts Arrested for Stealing
Goods From Delivery
Wagons.
The police have been receiving numer
ous complaints about a cane of thieves
who were making it a business to steal
goods from' delivery wagons. t They had a
wagon; and while the : driver was away for
a few ■ minutes : from - his delivery wagon,
they would transfer some of the articles to
their own and drive away. .. -r •'.■» : ; •-
Several wholesale houses had combined
to employ private detectives to catch the
thieves, but the work went en without in
j terruption.
Yesterday morning Detective Graham
and ; Policeman Ellis, who had been de
tailed on the case, saw three men drive up
in a wagon to a delivery^vagon on Market
street, near East. They .« had transferred
a ; barrel of : sugar jto . their ; wagon, when
Graham and Ellis placed them under ar
rest and drove them to the City Prison. .
i They were recognized' as William Flem
ing, Jack Homer and John Slattery. ex
convicts. A number of charges will be
placed against them.
• — • — »
Mr. Httwley of the Kxarainer Recovering
H. \V. Hawley, general manager of the Ex
aminer, is recovering from a slight break
down caused by overwork and too many hours
at the office. He was seen at his home on
('lay street, near Lafayette Park, last evening.
He fancied that he would be a.l right and
ready for duty within two weeks. Next week
he will leave the City If hia strength keeps
gaining and take au outing in the northern
part of the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
WAS THROWN OFF
A STEPLADDER,
An Inoffensive Chinaman
Nearly Killed by
a Fall.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED.
The Victim Is Charlie King, Em
ployed in the Auditorium
Saloon.
WAS CLEANING THE WINDOWS.
Charles McCarthy, a Bartender, Ar
rested for Committing the Un
provoked Assault.
What appears to have been a deliberate
attempt to murder or maim an inoffensive
Chinese was made by Charles McCarthy,
formerly bartender in "Fat Jack" O'Con
nor's saloon on Ellis street, near Powell,
at an early hour yesterday morning.
The victim is Ong Ginn, a Chinaman
employed in the Auditorium saloon
at 9 Powell street, who is better
known to tbe frequenters of the saloon as
Charlie King. His particular duties were
to attend to the lunch counter and keep
the windows clean.
Charlie waa on the too of a stepladder
cleaning the windows, between 3 and 4
o'clock yesterday morning, when McCar
thy and tome friends approached from
the direction of Ellis street. McCarthy's
unsteady cait showed that he had been
drinking heavily.
When they reached the Auditorium, ac
cording to eye-witnesses, McCarthy delib
erately took hold of the stepladder upon
which the Chinese was standing and
threw it to the sidewalK. The Chinese
fell with it, and struck the eidewalk on
his forehead.
Andrew Woods, one of tbe proprietor*
of the saloon, hearing the crash ran out
side and attempted to detain McCarthy.
McCarthy pulled a knife out of his pocket.
He did not take time to open it, but
struck Woods a violent blow over the
right eye with it and Woods dropped to
th* sidewalk. McCarthy and his friends
then disappeared.
Several people who saw tbe affair picked
the Chinese up. Blood was flowing from
a deep gash on the left side of his forehead
and he was unconscious. Policemen
Maloney, Joy and Royston were soon on
the scene and bad the Chinese taken to
the Receiving Hospital in tbe patrol
wagon. Dr. Bunneil found that his skuli
was fractured in two places and the
chances of his recovery are doubtful.
Woods was only temporarily stunned
and was taken to his home in Mill Valley.
It was learned that his wound is not
serious and that he will not lose the
sight of his eye, as was at first feared.
Jot-ie Watson, alias Durham, a woman
well known to the police, saw tne whole
affair. She had imparted the information
that she knew the gang and that Mc-
Carthy was the first man to seize the
ladder. When spoken to by Policeman
Royston she declined to cay anything and
she was taken to the City Prison and
booked on tbe charge of vagrancy. She
appeared before Judge Joachimsen. but
her case went over as the police wanted to
Lusty Manhood.
Oh for the days of old when men lived nearer to nature; when men
were men 1 ..
VWe have civilization and we've gained much— but we have also lost
nyich!
Dr. Sweeney, the great specialist, is doing more for the improvement
of society than a hundred preachers. '
For those men who have been in the depths of degradation and misery—
their mind and body wrecked by excess and vice, unfit, lifeless branches of
the social — such men become apostles for good and for saving youth .
and innocence when once they have been lifted up to health and vigor by
expert medical skill, made once more men among men, entitled to the lova
and respect of their fellow-beings, able to fight life's battles and enjoy its
pleasures'.'
And such men there are thousands — men who . look upon this famous
•pecialist as almost something more than a human being.
= <V^ RSFA/ *-c o =
He CURES— not . «^ /tf^^^^j^L ZZZZ
tries, but cures: *^» *cEr C* -
arnbltion, physical bMm \ V\ He has the only
ambition, physical \ *4 He has the only
an <* mental lassi- 2» ■£$&.■ \ Buccessful and safe
melancholy, ,\' ■ -BOM £%%£!% _. 1 ' system of treating
melancholy, bilious- E>£a /**. *^ f£o&9 patients by corre-
ness, pimples, at- TfWfj ■^SSZ' t<^*§ spondence." Write
rophy, wasting loss- YAM • ' V* I f»Hy and put aside
es, bad dreams, \^,Yi. / VI alt morbid fears of
sleeplessness, incom- V*H&' ; " VLltfn 5 exposure
petency, obstacles to Sss7r> xS^gS^K Si He treats the poor
marriage, hydroce le, • W^mMUf^--^Sm^k FREE Friday after-
vancocele, feeble- &*s£?%£** T&iW&>/ noons. *
ness of the June- 4 * it^^iWd/t W^&tX Office hours: 9to
tion, premature div K^^J^i^a^SHS^m/ 12 A> "" 2to 5 » nd
charge,^ - unnatural •;^ -"s*Mvf^|^&^ :^^i!{'w¥ .7 to 8 p. m. Sun-
vice and all derange- JSm^ days: 10 to 12 a. m. '
ments resulting from Zi.yJl ">•■'> ' ■M - ' -
= "=" ' DOCTOR SWEANY, =
~ 737 Market St.. San Francisco. Ca\l. 7
detain her as a witness and pave orders
that she sbould not be released on bail.
Late yesterday afternoon Justice of the
Peaceßarry accepted bonds in $300 for her
release and she went away with Attorney
TreadweJl, who presented the order for
her discharge.
Before leaving the prison she said: "I
was not with McCarthy, as some people
say. I happened to be passing when the
Chinese was cleaning the windows. I am
superstitious and did not care to walk
under the ladder, and walked round it I
saw a stout man like McCarthy near the
ladder and just as I was passing the lad
der fell and grazed the left side of my
head. I was too excited to notice any
thing more."
Policemen Muloney, Fennell, Riley and
Joy were detailed to find McCarthy.
After nearly five honrs' search they re
ported their inability to get trace of him.
Detectives Gibson and Wren were then
detailed on the case, and about 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon they found him at
Powell and Union streets.
McCarthy had not recovered from the
effects of "his debauch. When told what
he was arrested for he said he was drunk
and staggered against the ladder, knock
ing it down. He was taken to the City-
Prison and placed in the "tanss" Dend
ing the result of Ong Ginn's injuries.
In a few minutes O'Connor, accom
panied by Colonel Eddy, called at the
prison to see McCarthy. Detective Silvey,
Corporal Geimann and Captain Robinson
went to his cell and told him to get up as
some one wanted to see him. He was in
an ngly mood and refused to stir. He was
jerked from his seat and showed fight, but
was quickly brought to his senses and left
the cell meekly and submissively.
He was asked to make a statement about
the affair and in a surly tone he said:
"What ladder? What Chinaman? What
are you talking about?" He was briefly
informed and replied "I don't know what
you're talking about,'' and turned abruptly
away.
F. M. Brooks, night foreman of the
United Carriage Company, was standing
at the Baldwin Hotel, opposite the Audi
torium, and saw McCarthy deliberately
take hold of the ladder and throw it down.
The police have other witnesses, who they
say will testify to the same effect.
': mew to-pat: ."• •.;;•; -;■; /
B Tl^-gQWL-
(S DRUG CO.,
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
DO YOU WEAR A TRUSS?
DO YOU WANT COMPORT ? .
«—— ■ *
We employ an expert
enc<»d operator In our Jg
Truss an 1 Surgical De- m
part menu r» fl Yk
Private apartment fa m TV
with lady attendant for [a Iff v
ladles and children. @ Rtv «
We fit Trasses with a » : A>Vk • M
euarautee to give per- It JVffft _H
feet satisfaction or Twisfill
money returned. JB^^^UJ flfl -
TRUSSES iPr
UPWARD. c-\!fflm"-- mm
II quart era for £**t\"il B^r
Silk Elxstio Hone WA(/ j yjT
and Belts, Shoulder .'- \rf ~m
Braces, Rubber • mr m '
tioodi, Etc. M Bj
Bend for 100 - page - §j M
Catalogue, mailed free, BB yyr ■
Including Truu Price '^r
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
When writing /or /urther particulars to any o/ tho Jtealth or (Pleasure Resorts in these columns
kindly mention the CftXjC.
THE mm
SPRINGS
tTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OP
■"■ being one of the wonders of the woki/d, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of ujlaitu, will be well
paid by visiting latin.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cnre for Ithnumati«tn. Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles. - •
TERMS .810 TO 815 PER WEEK.'
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address ■ all correspondence to BARTLETT
BPRINGS COMPANY, 242 Fourth street, 8. I?., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL
/~^~S The Beantiful
jliiii 1^ hotel
YENDOJIE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
. Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of "Its lovely grounds. .. Conspicuous for Its
unexcelled -. table, service ? and general " appoint-
ments; it la enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity. ■-.-•' < •
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
PI fl A A 1 C? 89 HOT springs,
PARA SO i^'^
. -.. v. . . .. . '* -r ' .^" r bealth,re!)t,plea»-
are, climate, -accommodations, scenery, ■ flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and piungs
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance ball for families.
Pftraiso stands unsurpassed In the Mate. Plenty
i enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, Han Francisco, 8:15 a. if.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. ■ For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON. Manager. .
MPA SODA SPRISGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
avjc You Bern There Latkly?
1000 feet above Nana Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold |
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce. i
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvement* every
year. Qas and running water in every room. Re- i
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. ,Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise:! mothers' dellgnt ; husbands' rest. !
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
WHEN ITI<riAH
VISITING UIVIAn
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE A SONS, PROPRIETORS.
T H JS I* TH E. NEWEST, largest and best
1 . hotel . in Uklah, and it .is . headquarters ' for I
tourists.
' Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at i
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains, ; Baggage transferred free of charge.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY. SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
Is most Dlcturesque. Soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amoumlnz to over 1,000, '
gallons. ■ Hunting, fishing, boatliu and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus; i
been opened. ■• The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of , ail guests carefully looked after. Free !
camping grounds. A coach will connect with tha
daily stage from Pieta and ' Highland Springs,
Adams. selgler. Blue lakes and Saratoga. Cars
from San Francisco. $5 60; round trip, ?lO._ Spa*
cial rates for families, <'>. B. ATT, proprietor.
Hoda Bay. Kplservllle. Lake County, Cat.
CAMP/TAILOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; ' DE-
-1 lightful climate for cam Dim;; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: fine trout fishing, bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives, to Bear Val-
ley ; postofllce, express. , telegraph and' livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and flu per week.
VICTOU W. KlUl'ss, Manager.
JON F. BE ill HAND. Proprietor.
City ofllce, ll'J Taylor si., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. ir.
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON. , ,
Iron Springs, . Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, - Swimming, Boating and .
Fishing. Elevation "nearly 1200 feet.
MMKBett Climate for Asthma.*'-*- -?»s«BMR
SPECIAL COTTAOr.B for CAMPERS. Convey-
ances every ..Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. • Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE"
18 rtiles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHINU, ■ PLENTY FRUIT,
vJT cream and milk: free conveyance' for parties of
two or more; 'grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTrUINOEtf, -*hvihv, Sonoma Co.,
or apply X KUsE * CO., SO7 Front »c, San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. .
ASTORG SPIIIXG JHSERIL WATER.
rpHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
i. cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds: recommended by thousands in . four
months in this city; no : agents. A. ASTOKU, 108
Fifth at., soie proprietor; - Olenbrook < Hotel, i| Lake .
County, one-quaitcr mile from spring, has piivllege
of the water. ' ''.;, .:;:■'..■: -.- ' ■ .;■■': .-■■■■;
HAZEL^QLEN.
CIOOD PLAIN - BOA KD IN . PRIVATE : FAM-
_ - lly five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate:
Inquire oi SIRS. T. MoLI.KU, Cloverdale, or P.
J. 11KALY, UO3 Powell sU . .; :■■ .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
■DESWIUK.-? YOU?* COUNTV.T CAL.; ' a
Xt noted nshlng and health reaorC Hot mad and
sulphur baths.jtfSBGSSSSSBSSj
EDS ON BROS., Proprietors.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where ' the Invalid Can Surely
.Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kest, Kefreshment and Kelaxacion.
A Mecca for the Annual -Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation. '£
A Knral Retreat/ Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed In <>arments
of Matchless , Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly He»d and Where the Water*
of Healing Four Freely From
' Nature's Own Fountain.
rpAKKB:IS A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
J- Third and Townsend streets, 3% hoard from
ban Francisco. Fare, 91 15 for round trip.
JET* Stage connects with train from Third and
Towcaeud streets. •" . . .-
t ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
A SPRINGS
There is healing in the waters (for rheumatism,
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc):
there is life in the air. Swimming-tank, tub and
steam baths, fine hotel, amusements. Rates, $10
to $14. Take 7a. m. 8. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a. m. Unlimited round-trip
tickets. *7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. I*.
MITCH Udell P. p., Napa County. Cal.
fl if I linn HOT BPBlSOS,'Bonora»
V if A I•I I V County, only 41 hours from
\K II ITIT \ San i-'randsco; but 9 miles
11 I\ Ii II II II stuping: new road through
M *****" *"• •** canyon; new stages; sanitary
pin mblnst; natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or dma- i
(rreeable winds: mosqutios and other annovinz '
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. it. or 8:30 f. if. Ronnd-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall. and express.
Kates $1:1 a week ; baths free.
, J. P. MDLGBEW, Proprietor. .
iL-i'Ai CAPITOLA.
osx™t%W!! GEM RESORT.
Kiii'ifvifi' l h itiS* 3 4 Miles ! East of
"^lTTOJ^'OtfJiSfir Suuta Cruz.
iilfcßßjr'JaßMg*. Hotel at water's edge;
'-■"Mil H.'''' yTl." tJ furnished and partly
i'../»j > i"j- furnish d cottages; free
I "~*~Jr 'dfo .camp round; salmon
-: .• — " a'^t . and troot fishing.
' ' RKASIKR. Snpt.,
'-■■■•-.-- - Capitol a, CaU'
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY. , . 7 .
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEABURE: nostnifln?; %-mlle from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United Slates and the celebrated - Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. . Wonderful curative properties.
Table tlrst-clas«. bead for circulars. _ :
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa,
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL UKAPEVIXK AR-
:» • bor; the place where you feel at home . Table I
first Class. ■ Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board, |
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and hnntlng. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
>?;!»! rates for clubs and large, families. Round
trip, $3 73. Baths free tc guests.
•.- ■ FRKSE 4 JUERGENBEN.
go to mm SPRINGS,
rp WO MILES FROM HOPLAND. MENDOCINO
-I- County, for your health and pleasure. The best i
medicinal mineral waters In i he State. Fine elec- i
trie and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the : valley; - tine view. Furnished cot-
tapes to rent, Plenty of amusements. Free ous
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. *10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce. ■ . '
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
/DECRKATTON. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XV vallds, consisting of lar^e main building, cot-
t.-i.'f- and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
■ V alley. . ."-team heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and ticun baths are among the remedial agents.
Bwlmzu ni[ tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements, i'vra
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommo.ia-
tlons first claw. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal. -'■■
VND£B SKW MA\A«iKMKJiT.
ATF.S $2 TO $2 60 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
Xt week: all baths free. • . ....
W. H. HARRON. Proprietor. .
CISCO.
:,:■> - ■ ..i ■ . i ■ ..;■-. .:.'". • ■
MOUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
IH. from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R.; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
application.. IiHUsEY -4\ FKEKMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco, Placer County, Cal. -
— : ; ■ — '
McMATH'S.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
I ' season for deer begins July 18. and tuose . who
wish to have a good hunt and trout fwhin; time
and a general Food outing should visit or address '
A. R. MrMATH. Huliville, Lake Co., vln Ukiah: I
Potter Valley daily aiafe; can stop at - the house '
or camp in mountains. . Terms reasonable, v.v:* .
ALTAJIOST -HOWARDS STATION; |
■ Occidental,* Sonoma County, '
ON THE -N. P. C. R. . X.. IS .NOW THOR. i
oughly. renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $tf to $8 per week.- Special rates i
to families. Climate perfect. -
. .- i . - ... DAVID ROBINSON. Proprietor. ■
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
" L'IKK corjMr, ;
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THB
X year round. Telephone connections. • Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacif c ollices, $10: special
conveyance dally. For lnforn ation address JOHN
BPAUUDING, Selgler Springs, 1-ako County, CaL .'
SARATOGA SPRINGS, ;
LAKE CO.— MOST - BEAUTIFUL \ SUMMER !
resort In State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class: rat«>s '
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled ;■ hard- i
linlshed rooms and cottages. J. MAKThNS, Bach*
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal. -
MAGNETIC SPRINQS.
IN THE HEART •OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families; st.ice meets
morning train: terms $8 up. ; Address JOSKPH
LINDSKY, Glenwood,' CaL : , - J „ ' -,/■■ ■
IKIAH STABLES STAGE COMPLY,
\l" H. -MILLAR, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURX-
iII.;, outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, > adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. ' t Vichy Springs stage meets all
trains. Dally; stage for - Blue • Lakes, Laurel Dell,
i Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. - -
SANTA CITALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for. Season 1896.;'
ZAHN'S" telegraph 1 pigeon service dally.' con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
jgr?^c-> r —^-^x-^ZZ ~ ~~ — '
TTNEXCELLED -- FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
«J ■ coast excnrsions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Jdetropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to • ._
WIiiIINOTON TRANSPORTATION CO,
. .. 222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL .
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Kesort
" in If « Santa Cruz Mountains. -
Health, "easnrp. swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. ■ .New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent.' I ; Climate unsurpassed." Send for souve-
nir. Mtace at Mad rone every -Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8 : 1 5 a. m.
VIC POXCELET, Llagaa, CaL
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, Cal,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
their families. "Excellent table and newlv-
fitted rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For Information address
• JAS. McDONALD, Boca, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT.
NEW HOTEL,. NOW OPEN; MANY NEW
i-~ Improvements for the entertainment of guests;
the pavilion built over the water; naphtha launch,
etc.; good fishing and hunting. ' Address CARL
MEYER, Bertha P. 0., Lake co. Do not address
Blue Lakes. . .
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
rr Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. ior rates and fare apply to -
W. J. O'XKILL, 132 Sixth St.
WHITE OAK FARM.
NEAR CLOVERDALE: PLENTY OF FRUIT,
•ii vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc.: terms *7 per week. Address W. H. HI AT I',
Cloverdale, Cal. .
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address -
- JOHN TAYLOR, Manager.
Hilton Postofflce, Sonoma County.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dree* P. a box 226.
HIS HUNTERS FORSANHEDRIN
Heights: SO miles from Ukiah; the- sports-
man's Mecca and ladies 1 rest. and delight; wild
picturesque scenery:- ice-cold water; over 4000-
-foot altitude; ; among the pines; saddle-horses,
guides, ecu; best of tables; good beds: hot, cold
and steam baths;, city references and particulars
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FRASIN, . manager; address Sanhedrin, Lake
County, CaL '
UIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
■iX Eel River. 6 miles from ' Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, *9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; flsijtne, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, 97 per week. Excellent table;
' milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
H OTEL DEL MAX— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
minutes' , ride I from Santa Cruz; climate per*
feet; table unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; ad tilts. $9 per week: special rate.*
to societies and families. Address MAN AUK It
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. ■ ■
OTEL VICTORIA, . SOSOBA,' CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and. salubrious climate; near nature's - woo-
derland; altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise: the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
BISON. lessee.
T BELMONT, SAN MATED COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEN.BeImont.
ORIOLE ORCHARD; BSAUTIFUL PLACE;
35 mile* from city; high altitude; 'mountain
scenery; excellent board; fruit; ' cream; ?t> week.
Apply 'JO'^bVa Mission St.
/CASTLE CKEST, BELVBDERE — PRIVATE
\J boarding: delightful ■ resort: ' grand marine
view; -.boating, fishing and bathing; : moderate
i rntfs; specia terms for families. "•-.■
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEiST ELEVA-
.tion; good rooms and first-class board; terms
$6 per week. .Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma Connty. . .
ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations.. Address Brookslde, Napa.
"T ON O WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
JJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, C.v. S"B-33a
ANITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HAES-
TERS, proprietor. - * .';;
CIYPREbS LAWN FKUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
) Die: home comfort*. T. H. XI» KY.Naoa.taL
J . rRON BEDS.
■f ,'.am , . .-'BRASS BEDS.'
f*^ * , FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat*
tresses, R e c 1 i nl a ;
...... Chairs, Wheel . Chairs, .
f T "";■'• ' Commodes, Back Kes;j
I C fttTtTTrT W. A.^^SCHKOCIT.
.tyttNl I . — si —
**<Si^-, ~*— -ilium . New Montgomery
W^ ' k*- 1 '- J St., under Orana
'•^ . Hotel, a. h\ : .
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific toms for ta*
sexual and urinary organs of . both sexes, ■ and »
(reat remedy for diseases of the kidneys aal Mai-
den A great) Restorative, Invigoraior and Nervine -
btlis .on ■ Its own Merits— no - long-winded teasi"
denials necessary. *o*e»rf6n*i»B*w<Cp^i^iai4!j» le
-- KAJbr.K,'.>i^Fd'A BKUNK, Agonts, '
323 Market , St.'. S. . .— Csend lor Clrcuiae.l
I "" ~~"
These tiny Capsule 3 are superior -
PV^ •' to = Balsam of Copaiba, /^^\!
i \ I CubebsorlnjectionsandfMlDlfi .
|#i CURE IN 48 OURS \^J/ ,
|w i the 6ame diseases without "
\y inconvenience. .•;-.-^.
• Sold by all druggists.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the«an Francisco Cali^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlput in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until P:3O o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until »::«0 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, epea
until 9 o'clock.
C5lB Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
CHVKCH NOTICES.
w53?» FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIfiN-
<BZ& list— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post M., cor. Powell. Christian science Bible
Lessons. International Series. Subject: -I he Ark i
of the Co-euant. ' "Science and Health study
Thursday, at 8 p. m.. In Golden W eat Hail. Red
Men's building. 320 Post street. All are welcome. ;
It-S* GRACE CHURCH. CORNER CALIFOR- ;
&32? nla and Stocktou sts.— Rev. R. C. Foute, ,
rector. Divine service at 11 a. v.; evening 7:4.V
The Rev. Dr. McClure will preach morning and
eVenlng. Seats free. , All arc Invited.
C__S=. SIMPSON MEMOKIAL METHODIST \
&~£' Episcopal thu/ch, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets-Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Halcht street- I'reachint: *t 11 a. m. |
and 7:45 p. m The pastor will preach at both |
services. : Subject v 11 a. m.. -Work, for God
aud Man.'" At 7:45 1: x., "Wilderness or Para-
dise?" Sunday-school at 12:30 r. m., C. B.
Perkins superintendent; Epworth League service
at 6:30 ''P. M. The public cordially invited 10 all
the services of this church. s«-aw free. Ushers
In attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening
at 7:45 o'clock. "' ' . ' ' .'"■•■■ •
O^S' CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
»Z£? church, Mission St.," bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth—Rev. E. K. Dille, D.D., pastor. Residence,
1210 Mission sU .The Key. Dr. Urmy will preach
at 11 a. m. In the erenir.g the pastor, Dr. Dille.
will preach. Subject, "Evolution or Revolution—
Which? " Sunday-school 1 p. U., R. V. WatU su-
perintendent. Young People's meeting at 6:30
0. m. Ah welcome «
jpy CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
B3S*. corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hem phlll. D. D., pastor, will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. '1 opic, morning, "The White Stone
and the New Name." .Topic, evening, •■lmme-
diate Salvation." • Music- for morning service:
• Te Deum" in E hat (Schnecker): offertory, "O
Holy Father." duet, soprano and aiio (Adams).
Evening service: -'Jubilate Deo," in B flat (J.
c. Warreo): oftertory, "Tarry With Me," duet
and quartet (Thomas). Strangers visiting the city
and mends are cordially invited.
|t^S= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
B^S' Fifteenth st., near Mission— Rev. William
Rader, pastor. «cv. James C. Perkins will oc- 1
cupy the pulpit .at 11 a. m., giving an account
o. missions in India. Mr. Perkins, a native of this
< itv, lormerly practicing law here, has been lor
ten years past in charge of missionary work in
Madura district, . southern India. His many
friends will - be happy to meet una to hear from •
him of the success of gospel teaching ' among the,
millions of BuddhUis.. Sunday-school at 12:30. ,
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:45 r M. At 7:45 t
J'astor Kader. who has just returne.i from the Sun- j
day-school convention at Boston and the Chris-
tian endeavor convention _t Wu.ihin^tou, will ad-
dress his people. Everybody cordially Invited.
Jp=Hi PLY MOUTH CONGREGATIONAL
r_~»* dm rch. Post St., bet. Buchanan and Web-
ster.— Rev. W. li. Williams, D.D., pastor. Resi-
dence, 1719 Pos s:. Preacnlng at 11 a. ic. and I
7:46 p.m. Sunday-school, 9:30 A. si. and 12:30 j
noon, chris lan Endeavor, t>:3o p.m. -lornlng
sermon, "The Suffering God." Evening sermon, I
"1 he standard ofe\'alues." - - ■■
(^_s» FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST..
&<&. near Jones— Rev. M. P. ' Boynton, pas-
tor. Services >unday. July 19, 1896. Preaching '
at 11 a. m. by the pastor; subject, "A Day or Con- j
flicu" third in series, aud at 7:30. p.m., topic.
"The. Voice or the Valleys.." S_nd_P-school ■at
12:30 P. v. Y. P. S. of C. E. at 6 -.30 P. M. Prayer-
meeting on Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
All these services are open to the public. Strangers
are welcome. .
H_S=» URST UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
t£Z& ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Kev. Horatio
t-tebbins. D. D., minister; William G. Eliot Jr.. as-
sociate. Service at 11a. M. Rev. N. a. Haskell |
of San Jose I will preach. All are cordially In-
vited.
B5S*» MEMBERS AND FRIENDS OF THE j
K^- 5 " First Congregational Sunday-school and
Y. P. *. c. E. are request to meet at Golden |
Gate (upper) Ha11, '625 Sutter st., this Sunday,
July 19 Sunday-school at IP. it. Y. P. *. cE. J
at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meetlm; on Wednesday even-
ing. 7:45 p. __, same place.
r^g=- aT 997 MARKET ST. "FIRST PRO-
BF--*' cressivr spiritual • Church." Attend the I
services. Genuine "Spiritual Messages" given by '
true Christian mediums. At 11 a. m_ -Irs. Katie '
lienssman and others. At '2 p.m., flowers read,
Mr. Hanseii, Mrs. Dunham Barton. At 8 p.m., .
1. cure by Mrs. smith; trance test medium, Mrs. '
McKee, Warren and others.
m.-jb= FIRST. Nr.W JERUSALEM CHURCH j
"~— ' (Swedenborgian), O'Farrell street, between !
Webster and Fill more sts. Services at 11 a. m. |
The Rev. D. V. 1 owen will preach. Sun.lay-school '
at 9 -.30 a.m. All are invited. Seats free. . . |
ptTS 3 CHUBCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF i
Is^-^ -Latter-day Saints at 909 Market St.— Ser- I
vices every Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:46 p. m. '
President Henry s. Tanner of the California Mor- !
mon Mission will speak at the evening service. '
Suijtct, •• . he Apostasy From Prtmlt.ve Chris-
tianity." All are welcome. No collections-
F* DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT j
B^-S' Home College. 3360 Seventeenth St., ac
2:30 p. m. . Discourse by M. E. Cramer. - Subject: |
"Money, or the Question of support." • ■ •■
t~jS» THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY —
ifr—^ Free public lecture erery Sunday evenl' gat
8 o'clock in I'ortala Hall. Native Sons' building,
414 Mason street. To-night Miss Marie A. Welsh
will lecture on the subject of "Astrology, a Lost 1
Art." You are welcome. .....
jFs= THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE '
l»— ' public lectuie every Sunday evening, at 320 i
Post St., 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "Dangers That
Beset Us," by-Mrs. M. M. Thirds. ■- - I
SUNDAY 3IKETINGS.
|^^^^"l^nENiss7rip"H^ATLT S^26^2r~Mc^
W : & F ' a Ulster, grand platform test meeting: aames
and messages from your loved ones at 2 and 8
p. m. by limes. Meyer, Place, Ladd, Flnican, Wer-
mouth. Smith, Hoskins, Slowson, Wren, Somers
and Champion : benevolent at 2; public Invited : ad-
m'sston Ijc. Mrs. CJ. Mey«r, trance business
medium, will hold developing and test circle Thurs-
day and Friday, - p.m., -Sc: sittings daily. $1, at
above No. . • ..-.■. . . . .
it^= DR. BOBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
» v * ? on -Crime, Its Causes and Cure." The sick
healed by spirit power: | Rev. H. E. Howland, the
slnginz evangelist and greatest test medium llv-
m; will slug, speak and give positive evidence ny
convincing tests that the so-called" dead still live.
Washington Hall, 35V_ Eddy su. 8 p.m.; circle
tickets, magnetized paper and admission free.
|t__h- AT LORING HALL, COR. ELEVENTH
IS^-^ and Clay sts., Oakland. First Chris lan
spiritual Society, every Sunday at 2:30 and 7:30
p. m. Mrs. Kate Hnssemann of San Francisco, a
gifted and prominent medium, will lecture and
give true messages from spirit world. All are
welcome. • ■ - ' • • . ■:• •
OSS 3 AT DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MI- ETING,
B3S r 90» Market su. 11 a. m.. 2 and Bp.m.: circle
and- platform tests: -Mines. Dunham, Seely, H ar-
land. Fix, squares, R. A. Siitts. Dr.'s • office 1236
Market, 10 to 5. ■ • r " . • • ' - '■•
»^S= OAKLAND PSYCHICAL '-OCIETY
w^. will meet at Fraternal , Hall, Washington
St., at 8 p. m. Mme. Montague will deliver her last
lecture before her vacation. Subject, -'Marriage."
tt__S=' 1 MR. EDWARD EARLE, THE GREAT
*-*T psychic, at Scottish Hall, Larkln sU. to-night
>a 8 o'clock in his marvelous tests. I Go hear this
wonderful man... Admission 10 cents. - - , • -.
ifcgF GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING.
is^ £? Metropolitan Temple. Sunday.. July -19, 3
p. M. Address by Ray Palmer on, "More Light
on the Subjecu" Admission 10c '■■ . .
WP&* MRS. GILLIE'S FllEt-THOIGHI'
m**r meeting, 2to 5 every Sunday. 927 Mission
s:. Admission free. .---.. . ■ ,
___S=« MRS, SHRINKR, PARLOR TEST ClR-
»**' ' tie to-ulght, 10c; sittings daily. 311 Van
Ness aye. •.>.-.— , • . ,
B_» MRS. LOGAN'S. HaRMONY. CIRCLE.
sE-*' - 11-4, Washington Hall, 36 Eddy sU -All
welcome.-' • . . . : .
IKS' MRs! FULTON HAS RETURNED:
!»«*»■- materializing seance to-night; 60c. 31 Fell.
*^S= TESTCIKCLE TO-NIGHT: 10c: MME.
O^-^ YOU NO. 605 McAllister: large orchestra.
m^JS' MBS. COLBY HAS . RETURNED; SlT-
tt^ tine daily. 122^OaksU.
' ' NOTICE OK MEETINGS.
»__s» FiDKLITY LODGE, NO. 120, f. _
■—'"and a. M.— Funeral notice— Officers _V
and members are requested to assemble at if
Masonic Temple a; 9 a. m. MONDAY, the /V>
SDtb , inst.. for , the purpose of conducting ■ the
funeral services of our lute treasurer, Brother
LEWIS EM A NOEL, thence to the late residence
of deceased, 1916 Pacific aye., and to Home of
Pence Cemetery* by train. By order of the W. M.
•- F-.EDERICK BARKY. Secretary.
*_"«=> .-> >>i.*  ... Kl. 11.M.-THK REGULAR
t*-^ .tiiiuial meeting of the siockho ders of the
tan" Francisco and::- an Jonquil. Valley. hallway
Company will be held at the office, of the com-
pany, 3-1 Market su, San Francisco. Cal.,- on
TUESDAY," the -Ist day of July, 1896, at the
hour of _ p. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of .such other business as may come
before the meeting. 7 . •■ .
ALEXANDER MACKIK, Secretary.
<. ■■; :. M'KtIAL NOTICES. ;-v :; .■
fcEjp-
m~& moved his ofllce to. rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st. :, - : ■-Z.+
JK55*. BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
*•-»'. collections made," city or country.-" Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Moni»v »i.. room 6. Tel. 65 50.
; JDIVIDKNO NOTICES.
Bt_S= ; DIVIDEND: NO. (25 CENT_7pER
t>^. share) of the Hutchinson • ugar Plan ation
Company I will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market on aud after Monday, July
20. 1896. Transfer book* will close Tuesday,
July 14, 1896, at 3 o'clock p. m. ■ - . . ;
<V •/, • .K.H. SHELDON. Secretary.
' ; hITLI-\TlU^ji .:.U'A_«X_.->— FJ.MAJ.K;
CR. HANSKN * 110 «EARY ST\!
• furnish the' best family and hotel help. Call
at office," phone or malt us your 6ruers:' prompt at-
tention gunranteed;. telephone Grant 185.
SITUATIONS "WANTED-Contimied. V
J,IIKS INTKNDING TO SxfOAOB BER-
J vants will ■ find It to their ad\antase to call or
send their order where pains are taken to supply
you with reliable help.; For servants of any na-
tionality call or send to J. . F. CROSETT A CO.,
312 Suiter su
CAN DIN A AN NURSE, WITH 9 YEARS'
0 references, desires situation as such in city or
Oakland.- see J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 Sutter.
IRONG GERMAN WOMAN WOULD LIKE
to do washing and Ironing or housecleaning by
the day: $150; send postals. MRS. H.S., 219»/a
Harrison at. ■ . -. ■ ' •■.'■'.'-'■
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITU A-
-1 lion as housekeeper. • Call 126 Fourth, rm. 16.
ESPr.CTABLE YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN
XV wants work by the day or week.' 142 Eighth.
ASTj-.RN WIDOW, STRANGER, DISCREET,
lapyllke, pleasing, tidy, desires position as 1
housekeeper, hotel or rooming-house; well posted |
in transient business: or private family; could
make fine home; give mother's care where help Is
kept: no objection leaving city; no trlflers. Ad-
diess N. D., box 45, CalL . '
COPYING WANTED BY STENOGRAPHER
\J and typewriter; terms reasonable. ■'. Address
Copy, box' 85, Call. • - .
"PROTEST ANT REFINED GIRL WISHES
X situation to wait on lady or care for invalid and
sewing: has experience; best references. Ad-
dress 1623 Pine st.
ACTIVE LADY WISHES TO TAKE CHARGE
A. of lodging-house; thoroughly understands the
care and management of same. Address M. P.,
box 118, Call Office. .
ESPECTABLE LADY WANTS TO TAKE
XV charge of home for family that would like a
reliable woman and apprentice; good care. Ad-
dress R. F.. box 117. Call Office.
A/ OUNG GIRL, 16. TO ASSIST IN UPSTAIRS
1 work or take care of baby; Alameda or Oak-
land preferred. Call or address 230 Eighth su
-\\ IDDLE-AGED FRENCH WOMAN WOULD
lX like a situation to do housework, or would go
as housekeeper; city or short distance in country.
417 Folsom st.
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS HOUBECLEAN-
vT ing by the day In German family; or office
cleaning. 271 Stevenson su
\\T ETNURSE— YOUNG, HEALTHY WOMAN,
»' with fresh breast of milk, wishes situation;
best of references. Call 1342 Turk sU, S. F.
rANTKD BY AN INTELLIGENT WOMAN,
• T situation as companion or housekeeper. Ad-
dress B. H. D., bo 147, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD MIND CHlL-
dren by the day or do ' light housework; sleep
home. Address M. A., box 66. Call.
1\; ANTED BY A COMPETENT PERSON,
'• dressmaking in families by the day or month;
best of reference: no objection to upstairs work.
Address A. K. DWYER, 535 O'Farrell sU .
T)EFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
XV place as lady's companion or light housework;
no objection to small wages. Address B. B. A., box
85, Call Office.
T^IiKGETICWOIIAN WISHES SITUATION
X-l for any kind of work in the country. Call or ad-
dress 152- Market su. room 8.
ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keep*r: Is a first-class cook. Call or address
MRS. Jtt., 2548 a Folsom St.
■y OUNG SWEDISH. WOMAN WITH A CHILD
X wishes a situation, city or country, to do general
housework. Call or address -07 Montgomery aye.
WEDISH WOMAN WISHES POSITION AT
general housekeeping; family of army officer
preferred. 33 Turk st. •-;.-:-
VOUSG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION AS
-1 housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth sU, room 10. ■ ■-■ • - -
OMAN WISHES WORK fly DAY: REF-
» f erences If required. ■ Address 1429 Pacific su
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day washing, ironing and housecleauing.
Call 1.4 Clementina at.
RES.-OIAKER WISHBS WORK By THE
day in families, or work taken home: terms, $1
a day in dull season. Address 917 Pacific st.
] iRESSMAKKR WoULD LIKE ENGAGE-
xJ menu: perfect fit; stylish; $_. per day. Call
or address 1-4 Fulton su, mi. idle flau
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION FOR
VJT light housework or ma housekeeper. Address
H. X., box 116, call Office. •
"POSITION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
X lady to take care of Invalid. . Apply 2__ Minna.
ANTED— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
woman In a small hotel or boarding-house.
Address 236 Minna st.
RESSMAKKR FROM NKW YORK WANTS
XJ work at ladies' houses by the day or at home. I
305 Eddy su
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK :
by the day ; is a good laundress. Apply at 610
Liny aU
OMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SlTUA-
tlontodo housework; is a good cook: willing
to do some washing; city or country. 183 Jessie
St., off Third. . ■ ■
poMPETKNT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J as cook in hote 1 or boardinc-house; first-class
references. Address S. C. box 93, Call.
•L7XPERIENCEDGIRL WOULD r PLACE
-Li to do chamberwork. Address 32 Vs Willow aye.
' pOMPETKNT COOK A "POSITION
! \J or would ao housework in a small family. 26
> Halght . . . ■ .
'OMAN WaNTS . SITUATION; HOUSE-
work and cooking Or work by the week ; bst
j city reference. Box X, Call Branch, 162 Mission, i
BK. MSTRESS WOULD LIKE SITUATION
with dressmaker; good home more an object
than wages. 'Address 16 Dale place, off Golden
ate aye., bet. Hyde and Leavenworth sts.
1 ADY WITH EXPERIENCE WISHES POSl-
[ Xj tion in doctor's or dentist's office. Address H~
box 94, Call Office.
I ■RELIABLE GIRL~WISHES~TOI>O GENERAL
. XX housework or chamber-work; sleep home:
I wages $3 a week. Ad. 33 Crocker at., off Market.
MART YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITU-
O ation as cashier in restaurant or bakery. Ad-
dress R. M., 742 Howard su -
I QPANISH YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION
! 0 as Spanish correspondent, translator and in-
terpreter ln-office. Address S. J., box 94, Call.
I A MERICAN ■ WIDOW, MIDDLE - AGED,
1 A wants position to do light housework ; good
I home and small wages. Call or address A. W.,
317 Third su. room 5. -
DUCATED GERMAN LADY, SPEAKING
French and ! English, desires position as gov-
erness: excellent housekeeper; splendid needle-
woman; town or country. Address E. N., box 115.
Call Office. . -•',.'. r '
"DEFINED GERMAN LADY, SPEAKS ENG-
Xt Hah and French, would like situation In family
or hotel; assist housework: clever needlewoman.
Address M. Z., 1013 Post st.
I POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY RK
' x fined, middle-aged widow, late from the East,
I for widower with family, small hotel or lodging-
! house. - 224 Turk su ■
\* ANTED-BY A WOMAN, WASHING AND
' » Ironing, housecleaning or plain sewing, by the
day. Please call or address MRS. MACK. 746
! Mission.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
young woman in a German family to do gen-
eral house wor_. Address G. W., box 130, Call.
YOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS A
j X nurseglrl. Call or address 717 Stockton su
I YV ANTED— HOUSEWORK BY THE DA BY
1 »' German woman. Address MRS. E. WUEST,
524 Alabama su - .
ITUATION WANTED BY SCOTCH WOMAN
as cook in private family, or for housework In
small family. 1702^ Polk sU. cor. Clay.
ADY- WOULD LIKE POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper or light housework. Call 187 Seventh
su, room 4. * " ■ ■•
! OUNG GIRL WANTS BITUATION TO DO-
-1 housework and cooking. Apply 2 days at 29-V»
Moss SU " . :
VV lI>oW WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
TT keeper or . plain sewing, or work of any kind.
Call at 126 Fourth st., room 17, first floor.
"I ARKIN-ST. BRANCH. . 1702 V. POLK ST.
"L>LDERLY PROTESTANT LADY WANTS A
Xvi good home in a small family in return - for ser-
vices; is a good cook, neat and systematic; also
trustworthy references. Address MRS. D., box
109, Call Office. .
OMPKTKNT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to take care of children and do sewing. Call
, or address 3 Yerba Buena st. '
IIUATION WANTED AS COMPANION OR
nurse by reliable young lady. - Address B. D.,
box 147, Call Office. ■•.■■":
'OUNG WIDoW DESIRES A POSITION AS
X housekeeper: city or country. Call Ito 6 only,
122 Taylor St.. room 18. . -■ .
SITUATION WANTED BY .YOUNG WOMAN
O to. do lucht housework. Address or call 875
Folsom st. ...•.,.. ■"';•... . '
Pi TENT YOUNG . CREOLE WIDOW
with ,a . child wishes . housekeeper's position,
chamberwork or sewing: city or country. Call or
address 917 Market st., room 19.
\r OUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WANTS
. position as working housekeeper. 865V_ Mar-
ket St.. room 18. ■
K~ ESPE TABLE WOMAN WOULD . LIKE
cbamberwork and ■ sewing: .- no objection to
country. Address M. M., 1642 Twenty-fifth st.
j V"L T N« LADY, UNIVERSITY AND NOR-
X mal graduate, desires a position as visiting or
; resident governess; English, German and French;
j highest references. : Y. L.. box 9a. Call Office. .
KKSSMAKEK, GOOD CUTTER AND FlT-
tcr, wants a few more engagements at $1 50 a
day; references; sneaks German. - Address A. H.
D.. box 90. Call Office. . . ; ..,.-..,
REssMAKINO AND PLAIN SEWING;
cheap. Call or address 2118 Mason su
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RE-
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated: also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye. '
\\J INC 1 . E-J KR HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NB.
«\ *£ .*'--*' 20 ° rrootm ' t - 26 to $1 50 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry. >'-,-: .- '
SITUATIONS ; WANTKD-MALK.
YOUNG : MAirwrraKiEncßnifc«^nu"Ra
X situation as bartender: city. Address H. H. 8..
Cnppst. ' •-. ■ ■,  -
/ C H MA N , EXPERIENCED. WISHES KM-
\J ploy menu HARRY. 424 McAllisters!.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
SITUATIONS , WANTED-Continned. :'
CR. HANSEN _5 CCt.: 110 GEARY ST.. FUR-
. nlsh haymakers. 1 threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and .wood men, min-
ers/teamsters, brickyard crews, ■ quarry and rock
men, . laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and | laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
t) office; best help. : 3148 sutter: tel -Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 41 ■> CJarrell; tel. t.. 426.
PC. G. COOK'S b<X.'. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. tranches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant4j. .
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLKY*CO.. 640 Clay.
A N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH. FIRST-
-rV class Eastern and San Francisco references
from last emp'oyer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114, Call Office. >
YV OOD POLISHER WANTS SITUATION AT
» » the trade or in furniture store. Call or address
L. COMPART. 613 Mission sU -
TIT" INE-CELLAR MAN, WITH EXPERIENCE
''■in wine-making,: having good references,
wlsnes position* as wlnemaker. Address J., box
146, this office. , ' • ,
DELI ABLE MAN WISHES SOME 800
-IV keeping for small stores. Address A. 8., b0x
BH. 1 1. is office. . __________
Situation wanted — MIDDLE-AGED
man: steady habits: good reference: good all-
i round man for private family: : small wages. Ad-
dress W. K-. box 43, Call Office,
ITUATION WANTED IN OFFICE: UNDER-
-0 stands typewriting and draughting; best of
Government references furnished. Address W. E.
H., box 19, Call Office. "■* ; : ■
YOUNG MAN. (22), UNDERSTANDS THE
X care of horses; can milk, drive and do plain
gardening; desires position with private family;
will furnish reference if required. Address D. M.,
box 107, Call Office. ,
"V" OUNG MAN, 19. 6 YEARS' REFERENCES
X from one firm, wants employment: . light por-
ter; can drive, etc.: thoroughly trustworthy. Call
or address Work, 428 1 /2 Fifth sU '
1..V RELIABLE A.N'_ INDUSTRIOUS GER-
-1 • man as coachman and < gardener: ' city or
country ; generally useful around place: good ref-
erence. Address GARDENER, box 108, Call.
T>APERH ANGER, WITH TOOLS, WANTS
X piecework. 620 Larkln sU
TRONG. WILLING BOY, AGE 17, WOULD
like to learn painting and decorating. Address
B. 8.. box 117. Call Office. - .
ITUATION WANTED BY A GARDENER;
O seven years In last place. Address A. - 8., box
116, Call Office.
\*OUNG SWEDISH MAN WISHES SITtTA-
X tion; city or country; 'first-class driver: under-
stands care of horses and garden; also good
milker. Address -64 Minna st. ■ • - " >..
ANTED-BY A WELL-EDUCATED. TEM-
. perate business man of 40, position of trust In
any capacity. Address L. p.. box 65, call.
SITUATION WANTED: PAINTING, PAPER-
O hanging, calsominlne: $1 50 per day. Address
ARTHUR VERVOORT, Empire House, 639 Clay.
ARDE N E R : . PRACTICAL IN ALL
branches of the business: has had 16 years'
experience. Address Gardener. 4O'» Sutter su
\T OUNG GERMAN, GOOD CARPENTER,
' X cabinet-maker and general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st. ■■ ■- ' • . '
TT'NEROETIC HONEST YOUNG MAN WISH-
X-i es position of some kind of work; very handy
with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call.
OY, 16 YEARS OLD. WOULD LIKE TO GET
work of any kind.' Call or address 316 Hayes.
MAN AND WIFE, YOUNG, INDUSTRIOUS
Germans, wish a steady position to take care
of a private or country place: man Is a gardener,
sober and handy workman; wife a good, strong
bouseworker. Address GARDENER, 2230 Tele-
graph aye., Berkeley, CaL
OY, 19, WOULD LIKE PLACE TO LEARN
carriage blacksmlthing; has some experience;
city or country. Call or address 459 Minna st.
LDERLY MAN (CARPENTER) WILL
make himself generally useful about a place
for a good home. Address 30 Kearny st., room 5.
VEAT AND WELL-EDUCATED JAPANESE
—l young man wishes a situation where he can
have time to study and earn a small salary; has
had experience in office or general housework,
or can wait at table; best of references. Address
W.T., box 127, Call Office,
STEADY SOBER MAN WANTS POSITION
Oon private place; understands driving, care of
horses, cows and plain gardening; 5 years in last
place; good references. Address A. D., box 10,
Call Office. Oakland. .
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN-
-0 Amerlcau boy of 16 who is living with his par-
ents to work in office, store or wholesale house: he
can keep books and Is a good penman. Piease ad-
dress 17 Beaver si.
LECTRICIAN AND MECHANICAL
draughtsman . wants - position: competent.
Please address D. M., box 33, this Office.
PROFESSIONAL VIOLINIST AND PIANIST
X wishes engagement to travel or otherwise. Ad-
dress P. V., box 86, Call Office. . -
HANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
a situation to take care of horses and cows;
understands all kinds Of work: 2 years In lust
place. Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWa,
113 Church su .-■•-.- ■
\\r ANTED— BY STRONG YOUNG MAN. POSI-
" tion as night watchman or Janitor: hotel or
I office buildings; best of recommendations: will
give bonds to any amount. Address Special, 1411
Larkln su
SITUATION BY COACHMAN (ENGLISH):
thoroughly understands his, business, also gar-
den and cows; willing about place: first class refer-
ences. Address TED, 2268 Buena Vista aye.,
■ Alameda, Cat. -
BY STEADY YOUNG GERMAN-AMERICAN,
any kind of work in large house: handy at any-
thing; good reference. Address A., Call . Branch
Office, 116 Ninth st. j.
\\r INCHKSTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANAIBHOEMAM ACCUSTOMED TO FINE
trade wants a position; age 28 years; best of
references. Address M. M., box 81. Call Office.
BY STEADY YOUNG MAN TO DRIVE
butcher wagon and help In shop: has some ex-
perience. . C. 8., care F. KAHLMaNN, South Sau
Francisco. . .
TTIIRST-CLA.SS LAUNDRYMAN WITH 10
X I years' experience at running a St. Clair shirt-
■ polishing machine wishes a position. Call or ad-
dresa 19-1 rile sU, Oakland. .
TRONG BOY, 18 YEARS OLD, SPEAKING
kj French and English, wishes a situation In a
store or wholesale house; will make himself gen-
erally useful; is able to help with bookkeeping if
necessary: lives with parents. Address UiUlty,
Call Branch Office 630 Montgomery st.
EING A PRACTICAL MINER AND PROS-
pector in placer and quartz, also expert with
mineral rod, wants partner to furni h grub, outfit
and ' expenses for prospecting. W. A. M., 231
Sanchez su ' . ;
OUNO MAN, 23 YEARS OLD, WANTS PO-
X sit lon on stock ranch: accustomed to horses;
wlli take part pay in horses. L. WHITELE V, 781
butter st., San Francisco. . ;
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»'Msrk9t— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $B. per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
*J___ALK H-SLi* \VA>T_I>.
ERMAN OR SC AN_)InXvIAN HOUSE-
VI keeper, country. $20; girl for housework,
small family, city, $15: girls for housework, city
and country, $15 and $20. C R. HANSEX <SS
CO.. 110 Geary su
A WAITRESSES, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL.
O: steady work. $ .0, fare advanced: chambermaid
and wait, $20: hotel laundress, country, plain
washing and Ironing, $25. CR. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary su
]V"URSEGIRL TAKE CARE OF CHILD 6
— years old and sew; good references required;
$15. C, R. HAN3EN & CO.. 110 Geary su
COOK; FEW BOARDERS, $25, FARE PAID:
neat girl for chamberwork and plain washing,
country hotel. $15, fare paid: 2 waitresses, same
country hotel, $20 each; chambermaid, assist
waiting. $20; laundress, $20, and others. MUR-
RAY _ READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
\'E*T WOMAN ON RANCH. $20, FARE
-1 paid: 100 women and girls for all kinds of
work. MUKBAY4 READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su
ANTED— GERMAN COOK, $35;. GERMAN
second girl, $20:. lady's maid, French or Ger-
man; girls for housework for Gilroy. $20: Ala
meda, $25: Oakland, $25; Eureka, $25; San Ma-
teo, $26; chambermaid, country hotel, $20, and
01 tics, city aud country, $15 to $26; laundress for
Oakland, $25. Apply to J. F. i CKOSETT <fc CO..
312 Sutter sU
CIAKEFUL AND INTELLIGENT WOMEN
\J (young or middle-aged), who believe that Eood
tea deserves a place In every-day life, are wanted
to, tell the residents of ' San Francisco the facts
about tea in general, and Schilling* Beit in par-
ticular. ..-■■■- •■ . ■ " • ■ ,«-■',;•
Salary. . '
Call at room 62, Luning ' building, next aoor to
A. (SCHILLING A CO. (ao not call at A. Schilling
A Co.'s office), Monday from 9 to 12, or 1:30 to 4.
■ San Francisco. ■^*<g_?vssp*"»y?s*«rf'— 3&»j*3«r*w-K
» - A. SCHILLING <fc CO.
VTOW IS THE TIME TO ENTER THE; Mo
±> Dowell Dressmaking School:- we teach cutting
Siting, linistilnc. draping, basting and boning— in
fact, eveiy thing pertaining to rapid and stylish
dressmaking; ; pupils ' can v work - for themselves,
families or customers, and all tor $1 per week; we
Invite you all to call and see for yourself the mag-
nitude of our institution:: easy payments: unlim-
ited lessons; ; now. is the time to enter the Mc-
Dowell Dressmaking School 636 Market su, opp.
Palace Hotel. ;-.--;-;"'.■
YV ANTED— A NUMBER OF, INTELLIGENT,
■'» well-bred women who are goo talkers and
with a perfect knowledge of cooking o Introduce
an article of. merit ; amongst, householders; good
wages will be paid, and to the right kind of women
constant employment given. Apply between the
hours of 11 and 3, room 9, third floor, 204 Front su
T A DIES— I MAKE BIG .WAGES ■AT HOME,
xj and want all to have the same opportunity : the
work is' very : pleasant, find will easily pay; $18
weekly: this is no decep ion: - l want no money,
and will gladly send full' particulars to all sending
stamp. Miss M. a. STEI:BI>8. Lawrence, Mien!
ADIEs— FMEKI FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Tues., 2 t0 3: dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HKI.r WAMKD-rontlmied.
V I A], STRONG GIRL: '. MUST BE .A GOOD
-»-' • cook and thorough . houseworker: wages $16.
Call 10-day from 11 to 12 at 15a Belvedere su, op-
posite Chutes; references. " '
VV A X TED — PIPILS : FOR MILLINERY
' school; cl»ss now form for fall work; pruc-
tical; reasonable. 410 1 eavenworth su " -
Strong" woman to no houskclkaning
i ■ once a week: $1 and car far». Call or address
15a Belvedere st., opposite the Chutes.
COMPETENT GERMAN ; GIRL: CHAMBER-
v-' work, sewing and wait on table. Apply 1817
Jackson v. Monday a. m., 10 to 12.
W ANTED— BY WIDOW WORKING
t , e ' th ousekeeper; 3 in family. . Inquire 419 lhir-
W ANTED by a business house, LADY
* to fill a vacancy; 'position requires business
<£?} «*"? '-diligence. Inquire Lelsarte Corset
and Waist Company, 781 Suiter sU '
T . ADIKS CAN MAKE MONEY IN INTERIOR
■*- towns; pleasant work: good pay; not neces-
sary to cauvast; enclose stamp. C. C. Co., 131 Post. ;
L)EFINKD LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
-»-- buslneag. call 131 Post, room 21.
P?REE! FREE! FREE!— LESSONS IN DRESS-
•*• cutting; every Tuesday: ■ mike yourself self-
supporting by learning ih« tailor system dresscut-
tliig. 14 McAllister su, room 67.
A X , 1 IXI1 Xl> KRIKNCED LADY COMPOSITOR,
--■»- willing to run a Pearl nress. to learn job print-
ing, at $4 per week. 626 Kearny st.
r <>MAN FOR HOUSEWORK; SHORT DIS-
tance In country. Address T. 1., box 86. Call.
PERMANENT POSITION IN BERKELEY
J- lor neat, reliable girl or woman- general house-
worK : 1 adults; wages $8 a month; American, Ger-
man or Swede. , Address N. C. box 8& Call Office.
/"JIRL. 11 TO 13 YEARS. FOR LIGHT WORK
v* in exchange for good home and clothes: Cath-
oilc preferred. Address A.M.. San Pablo.
"Y OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
-»- and children; wages $10. 2925 Jackson sU ■
SERVANT GIRL WANTED. .- 1229 ELLIS ST.,
kJ between Octavla and La gun a. . 
VV ANTED-PUPJLS TO LEARN NEGATIVE
\ retouching; terms reasonable. 131 Poat st.
ANTtD — GIRL FOR GENUAL . HOUSE-
'• work In country. all at 322 Turk st.
TJ A I KD R E Sis I X Uso AND 35_: MORNING
XX and eveciassea; 10i<s»ons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
pERFKCT FITTING AND STYLISH DItESS-
-"■ making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
?! ""'' skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo-
VQVi t.LL Academy.636 Market.opp.Palace Hotel.
LT AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
XX MIS-, DOYLE. 119 a Powell at. and 106 Ninth.
VI °*>T CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
.»w. Wlnc hester House. 44 Third St.. near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8
_r*r_we*k: Iree 'bus and baggage loand frrn ferry.
'■ MALii U£LF WASTED. ~
Qf» MEN WANTED MONDAY, 7:30 A. M.,
vy from $15 to $90 per month and found; 6
laborers fora mine. »33 per month and found:
mountain teamster, $30:' 2 ' four-horse scraper
teamsters, $20; 20 farmers, orchard and vineyard
lands; 2 choreboys for ranches; 20 tlemakers,
8 cents and 10 cents each: 15 men to irrigate land :
farmer who can cook. $_0: farmer and wife (with-
out children), $35 and found, near city; 3 milke.s,
• -5; 3 butter-makers, $25: 10 fruit-Dickers. $■ 3;
6 cooks. $U5. $50. $40 and $30: 6 waiters. $3u;
German waiter. $30: 2 ranch cooks. $18 and $20;
baker for country. MURRAY <fc READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
EAD COOK FOR THE SPRINGS WHO CAN
bake, $60 ; first-class I restaurant cook, $76 to
$90; head cook, $60: second cook, $40, country
hotel: broiler, restaurant, $50: second cook, res-
taurant, $55; second cook, hotel, city, $35; German
cook, country hotel, $35 to $40: pastry cook and
baker for summer resort, $40; second bead waiter.
Eastern man preferred, $50; 2 waiters for sum-
mer resort, $25; 2 waiters fora resort, $30: pantry-
man restaurant, $7 a week; edgerman for sawmill,
$50: 20 farmers, milkers, etc., $20, $26, $30. C.
R. HANSEN _; CO.. 110 Geary st. ■ '-.' ■■;
\\ ANTED TO-DAY, SUNDAY— sHoVKL-
»' ersfor railroad work, $1 75 a day; we ship
Monday; soutn; free fare: office open 9 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN „ CO., 110 Geary St.
9 FRENCH COOKS FOB COUNTRY HOTEL;
— Ger an bead and second cooks, country hotel,
$100; German meat and pastry cook. $60. C. R.
HANSKN & c.i., no Geary su
WANTED — TO-DAY, SUNDAY AT .10
' » o'clock, second cook, country hotel near city,
$30; German cook. «50: waiter for French restau-
rant, $40: milker, small dairy n"ar city, $20, and
others. LKON AN-RE. 315 Stockton SU
A iI V -MAN, COUNTRY, $20; COOK, CITY,
1- $50. Open Sunday, 10 to 11 a. m., HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny sU .-_'_,
BOY WHO CAN MAKE HIMSELF USEFUL;
good home. RODDY'S Hotel, Nebraska and
Twenty-sixth sts. '
HELP WANTED IN DRUGSTORE: CORNER
Gough and McAllister sts. Call Sunday.
WAN >-RKSTAURANT WAITER. AT 43
» » Second si.
\\r ANTED- GOOD STRONG. BOY FOR FUR-
'» nlture-siore. B. R., box 77. CalL ■ -
AILORS— ROOM.. 76c WITH USE OF
i- machine. 611 Clay at., room 7.
AN WHO UNDERSTANDS COOKING
and make himself generally useful. 24 Hayes.
\V r AN TED— A GOOD UPHOLSTERER. , CALL
TT Sunday, 622 Lark in st. ' .
Vy ANTED— AN ENErtGETIC YOUNG MAN
" In a well-paying business: $3 to $4 per day
guaranteed; no experience required. Call between
9 and 12 at 626 Natoma st. . -■
PRINTER WANTED: .BEST SITU A I lON IN
X State: ~\'i hours work: $-0a week; must have
$100 to use. Address Printer, oox 89, this ofnee.
AN TO SELL MILK ON COMMISSION.
Address Milk, box 89 Call Office.
OARBERSHOP. CITY, OPPOSITE CAR-
-1) bouse: good stand: cheap rent: $200. Apply
toSTOLTZ. 630 Market st. . -
\\T ANTED — A SALESMAN WHO HAS A
'• thorough knowledge of the stove and. hard-
ware business, and who has had some experience
as traveler. Apply by letter. stating salary re-
quired and references, to C JO., box 107,' Call
ofllce. • -
WANTED — BY EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
» i several sets of books to write up evenings;
also, lessons in bookkeeping given: i terms . mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, box 144,
Call nfnee
HOEMAKISR-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP.
335 (ioiiKh sU ■■■■■■ - ■ ■
ARBER TO TAKE CHARGE OP SMALL
shop. 709 Fifth aye.. near Bay District. • - ;
"IV AS TED- A POLISHER AND PLATER.
TV 225 BealesU . . :
rpHOROUGH 8 MOON MAN WANTS PART-
-1 ncr to open business. H-. box 21, Call Office. -
WANTED— SHOEMAKER TO BUY REPAIR-
*» ing-shop; cheap. 122- Mason st. .
WILL GIVE IN. EXCHANGE • FOR BOARD
and room, to one person only, a thorough edu-
cation In stenography ; answer at once, stating
educational qualifications. Address R. 8.. box 85,
Call. "...--- •
"VJICELY FITTKD UP SALOON, BETWEEN
i> factories: $46 if sold at once. 235 1 bird st.
L~ODGINOB, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
Continental House, 621 Paclfl . below Kearny.
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
--' retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
UAKBERS- EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X) p. c. Barbers' Assn. 8. FUCHH. 326 Grant aye.
TJARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
i-> ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 667 Clay.
L/AKBEitS' ASSOCIATION Oi-' (.'Ai.-MPLOV-
J> menu s<>c'.r, I*. c. Haniann. 2?9> -O'FarrriL
BARBER-SHOP, REVOLVING CHAIRS; IM-
J-J mediate sale: departure: bargain. 517 East su
QCANDINAVIAN TAILOR TO WORK IN
0 shop: 533 Second su H.J.JOHNSON.
ONE OR TWO PERSONS TO JOIN CAMPING
party. Apply at once, 437 Fourth su
OY TO LEARN BARBER TRADE. 2102^.
Howard su '; ■ • :■':- •'.'■: ••
\\r ANT ED- FOR THE UNITED STATES
» » Marine Corps, ■U. s. navy, able-bodied, . un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 6 feet 5 inches in heicht; Of good
character ' and ' temperate habits; - able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have, legally de-
clared their intention* io become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special. iuducements: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the wond , on board our
newculsers. ■ For further, information apply at the
Recrui Ing Office. 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco. Cal.
\\T ANTED— FOREMAN FOX STEAM LAUN-
** dry; mu*t understand hi« business and be a
sober man : a good place for the right p rty. . An-
swer by letter and give references. Address box
»5. Mercury Office, San Jose. Cat. .
VI. WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION,- BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 50;readlug-room;strlclestatten-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
GRAND CLEARANCE SaLH~6f~BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
fice.! next 15 days in I order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
\\r INCHESTEH HOUSE. 44TH1RD ST..NKAR
'» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
''■some simple thin? to patent? Protect your
Mess: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A r6., DepU L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington,' D. C. for their $1800 prlre offer
und Us: of .00 inventions wanted. - . • • ■
VV r E 11AVK~A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
'• selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
Off slioea bought or exchanged. ' 662 Mission st.
TRY" ACME HOUSE,' ■ 957 MA RK-T ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26r a night: $1 ; a week.
I ""REE BEER— 2 SCHOONERS FOR sc; ALSO
a bottle of lager or steam, 6c.7 at 637 Clay su
SINGLE FURNISHED ; ROOMS, 26c . NIGHT.
$1 week. Rosadale Hous . 321 Kills, nr. Taylor.
I INIiELL HOUSE, SIXTH • AND HOWARD
:-».'.«t8.; single furnished ran' 76c week. 16c night.
1 If) * vs * To TAKE LODGING AT lOC. l&C
X\'y and _Oo a nlfhu including . coflen , ax-t roil*.
€24 Washington »v. near Kearny. . T
T? •»-- REMOVED FRO>F6O9 CLAY TO 643
xj. : Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
BKSI' IN C-TY--__KU« ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
XJ 25 cents per night;. -si; $1 25. $1 60 per wee*.
Pacific House, Commercial and Lel.esdorS sts.
HKTLF WANTED— Contlnned. •
\\T ARE SHOls DOCTORS; "WE REPAIR
■ '* • your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do . your I work
st one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission su. between First and Second sts. ■
BEST PLAGE IN THE CITY" FOR SECOND-
ham! shoes, 749 Mission -sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 60
and $3: ladies', gents' aud children's misfit ana
{ cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
] )UUM> 15c 'lo 75c PER NIGHT; 500 TO »1 60
•I- f>er week. .; Oriental.. 225 DrummsU" . ' ;
\\t ANTED— -ABOUKRS AND ' MECHANICS
'• to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno -House proprie-
• tor. still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
I large rooms: 25c per night: $1 10 $3 per week.
Uf ANTED/1O COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
ers&cierKs. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler
ELC'HO HOUSiS. 803V_ .MARKET ST.—
Booms -Oc. _sc. to 60c. night: $1 to $5 week.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l ' all grocers keen lv •♦-•■.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 15c A DAY: $1
*-»ek; rooms tor two, -5c a day, $1 60* week;
reading- room: dally papers. - 36 Clay su
\\ r ANTED- MEN TO • LKARN BARBER
»»' trade; only 8 weeks required: tools civ-en and
mtaloeae i»»n_ **. F. Barber 5^h001.1515 Howard.
 . . AGENTS WANTiil>. '- ~
TfiMPIRE LIFE. . ~
• PURE LIFE-—
— -INSURANCE— i-
. —AT COST-
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
''::■ ■■'-*■'■_ - SAN JOSE.
/ .
A GENTS — HERE'S YOUR CHANCE FOR
A cash: grasp it quick: the greatest campaign
book of 1896; outfits 25 . cents: one agent reports
85 orders in three days. I F. PERSON, Manager
Subscription Department, The Whitaker & Ray
Co., 723 Market sU ■.;. :, . ■ . ...
GENTS— HERE'S YOUR CHANCF FOR
cash: the greatest campaign book of 1H96: out-
fits 25 cents: one agent reports 85 orders In three
days. F. PERSON, Mgr. subscription Depu the
Whtt-ker <t Ray Company. 723 Market st. . , . ,
DO YOU WANT A JOB AT $10 PER DAY
and work only 7 hours? then hustle with our
latest and best things out. Aluminum Novelty
Company, 110 Butter st. .. .~ -. ...  ,  -
GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE TO SELL
Gregg' patent long-handle dustpan.' 9V_ Bth st.
A GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
■t\- sell; makes money. Department A, -Detroit
Paper-bag Company. Detroit, Mich.  ■■-.
~ HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— IN OAKLAND, A FURNISHED
"» or partly furnished house, with carpets, by
August 1; will rent for one year or more. Address
L. R. P.. box 43, this office. ■
BOAKDISG WANTED. ;
YirANTBD— BOARD FOR FINE, HEALTHY
-IT baby boy, 6 months old; the cost' must not
exceed $10 a month, In a respectable family. W.
8., box 9, Call Office. ■ . .... - ■
BOOMS WANTED.
p ENTLEMAN ; WANTS IN PRIVATE
\JT family furnished bedroom with adjoining
room, suitable light housekeeping; gas; bath, same
floor; terms moderate: reply must state price. Ad-
dress R. A- box 135, Call Office. . .
mHREE UNFURNISHED ROOMS NORTH OF
X Market, between Jones and Franklin. R. A.,
box 5, Call Office. .■■•■■»■■■■■.-.■.-■•■
WAMED-MISfELLASKOUS. ,
H^W^A^E^AIJrT'DTjsIcPM^T^BErGOOD
and cheap. California Camera Co., 124V_ Geary.
\\T ANTED— TO EXCHANGE A PET DEER
»' for a bicycle. C.N.PARMENTER.Wtntera.CaI.
SECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR BOOKS. OI.OTHING AND JKW
fir- to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixh *r . : wad post— .
-USJJICAi..
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately;- prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. & MRS.
DAVIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $.;
hours from B*. m to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
f-uaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In. confinement; .= regular , graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
' CAL ELECTRICITY' used; ladie*. consult the
! doctor before going elsewhere; you ' will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential. • -
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post st- near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
j own physician for all female troubles, no matter
i from what cause; restores always in one day:
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed:
' if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
: man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
Xj royal PlUs (Diamond Brand) are the best;
sate, reliable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by re-
turn mail; at druggist's. Chlchester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa. ■
Ra. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CUKES ALL DlS-
eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
i liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors:
cure guaranteed ; consultation free. 243 Shipley st.
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN~SPE-
cIaIiy: unexcelled In restoring Irregularity or
, other conditions; home In confinement; oest care:
I low fees: plUs $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
I A LPEAU'S FRENC~H~PILLS-A BOON~TO
> A ladies troubled with Irregularities ; no dancer:
; cafe and sure; $2 60 -..press C O. D.; don't delay
I until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
MRS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. . 419 Eddy su
ure CURE for ALL female DISEASES,
from whatever . cause: a home In confinement
! with every comfort; satisfaction . guaranteed, by
MI'S. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk su
QXAA FOR EVERY FAILURE TO cure-.
kioU\J\J eye diseases successfully treated. Ladles
con, free MRS. DR. SCOTT, specialist, 216 Powell.
MRS. M. K. RODGERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
i»x confinement; : erma reduced. 929 Howard su
RS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 26 yrs' experience. 655 Mission.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
J-see MRS.DX PUETZ andbecontenU 264^ 4th.
PRIVATE IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
7\R. HALL. 14 MCA LLISi ill >IREKT. NKAB
:Jon»<- vi**siMf>* of women and children.
"' HOUSES.
BARGAIN— FOR SALK; FINE ' FAMILY
team dark bay horse,l6^ hands high.6 years
Old: very stylish: carryall and harness; almost
new. E. BROWN, at Otis C 0.'5 ,3 18 Montgomery.
U'OR SALE— BLACK GELDING, AND BLACK
X filly; 4 years old each: broken single or double-
son Eclectic, brother to Arlon. 2:07^. New York
Stables. 507 Jessie St., near Sixth. V
HOUSE AND LOT; 6 EOOMsXnd STABLE.
.4509 Eighteenth st. - ,
AV r HORSE FOR MILK WAGON.
»T 2260 fifteenth St.. near Castro. : ,'
GOOD, STRONG- DELIVERY-HORSE; BAR-
gain; $20. 169 Second su
ONE HORSE AND WAGON CHEAP. - IN-
. quire 1619 Powell sU ■ ■
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
J-< of good harness, our own make, of every de-
-1 scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
j trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister sU. a F.
1 SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X V V ness, all kinds; wagons, , buggies, surifys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission si
fSOO BKT S JF2 A - ND SECOND-HAND HAR-
U\JyJ ness: all kinds: buggy ,wa«ron, carts, surrey
& rock- way; 40 cheap horses. 15th and. Valencia.
Al\ HORSES FOX SALK; ALSO WAGONS.'
- V buggies rarts, harness: * Grand Arcade Horse
Market 327 Six. su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. "
HORsK.s PAVIORKD; SKNu lull CIRCU-
i«r. Th-» Hyde Ranch. 630 Com m. rclal St.
r/wvvrfv^', D T BEST IN, AMERICA-THK
1 r,,i)J \*<, . V CALL, sent to any address in the
I nited .states or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
WAIiOJNs ;AJ>A> CAKKIAUJKS.
VOR • SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES. FINE
1 r carriages of every desc iptlon; cash, notes or
j installments. Carvlll Mf Co.. 46-48 Bih St., S. F.
A DM 1 ISTRATOh'S SALE-BLACKSMITH
: B^o Howard !?*-*« wag ? n , 9^ bungles; cheap.
! T) EL 1 « V WAGON, WITH QUIET HOUSE.
j J' suitable for grocer. Apply at SHAW'S 1621
AiarKet st. i . - v> ; " " « . ■■ ■ ■
N K HA I ET , ON FOR SALE AT BARGAIN.
-V 826 uevlsadero st.. near McAllister. ■
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING «^L«)VKS;
sample.' H. M. HEINKM A.N. 109 Sanaome st.
yon SALS-a HORSES d~kx press
X wagon :$5O Apply 107T-enty-nlnt_ su.- -•
ATEW AND SECOND- AND BAKERS', LAUN-
IX^ dry. milk * nd grocery wacons; also rockaway
': and '2 fine buggies. E2B Harrison st. -.-i-.--'-,,-*
SKWINO "jIAI-'HINEs! ; ".;;..•'
EW^ FAMILY. SfNGERS ' FOR RKNT,- $ 1
per month; V. S. Singers, : $2. ■ 1569 Market.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired ;i lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
fl> - UPWARD; v. .RENT • . *1 60 .-'TO $1 76
O -» ; monthly ; - repairing,' 25c; ; bought : and , ex-
changed ; needles for all ; machines. 145 ; Sixth si.
PERSONAL!*.
A 'MERICA-TAV^DO^TbIrSoiDE^iRES THE
iV acquaintance of an honorable gentleman: ref-
erences exchanged; country preferred. Address,
in confidence. MRS. E. DIANE, box 94, Call.
\ MEAHIC AN GENTLEMAN, 29 YEARS OLD,
/A. educated, refined . and well io do, would like
to correspond with young lmly or wl-.iow of refine- '
ment: will answer all letters: 'bject matrimony.
Address JAMES, box 54, Call Office.
inrENTLEMAN~3B.* WISHES CORRESPOND-
XX euce with young lady or widow; object matri- I
mony. Address C. t-.. box 101. Call Office.
A LL PARTIES. ARE HEREBY WARNED
x\ against purchasing the half Interest in the ,
Seattle Kestaurant, I:s7 Fourth st.. coming throuch
the junior partner thereof, except at their own
ri.-iV or first consulting the senior partner. \V. S.
COOPER. - . . ; . :
EASTERN - I ADY DESIRES «TO MEET EL-
derly business ntleman: object, matrimony. !
O. P., box 8, Call. .-..--■■ -.-■.. '
rrO XXX— MEET !-E TUESDAY CORNER
X Market and Turk St.. 2 p. m. XXX.
;\7-EGfcTAKIAN , CLERGYMAN OF HIGH
\ learning desires to find board and room ,in a!
vegetarian family of high social standing: refer- '■
ences given ami required. Address Temperance,
box 85 Call office. - , ..-•".... ; .
V HAIR-DRESSING IS THK KIND THAT i
will catch a woman's t-veand excite her envy ; i
my price is only 25c; my 'Quinonla',' hair tonic is '
the be*t thing for strengthening and preserving I
the hair. O. LEDERER. 11l Btocktonst.
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7xB, '
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
We; 14x17, 26<: : 16x20, SOc; 18x28. 35c; 20x24,
45c: 22x28 Inches, 60c. JONEs CO., 647 Mission.
INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN IN FEATHER.
X cleaning, dyeing and curling. A. M., 119 Turk.
ANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT. ;
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Minu
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER.FOR SALE;
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth sU. Oakland, Cal.
"I EWISH ' GENTLEMAN, 29 YEARS OLD,
O with a nice small business, would like to meet
a nice Jewish young' lady with. some means who
would be willing to help extend the business; ob-
ject matrimony; confidential. Address M. Z., box
38. Call Office.
/-IARD READING, 25c; LADIEBONLY. ROOM
\J 17, 344 McAllister St., 1 to 8 p. m.
ADVICE FRISK; DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
clalty. private: no chars unless successful ; all
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-iaw. 850 Market st
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration, 424 Pine st., Is now
open, after the vacation. - For particulars apply or
address above.
DD JOB COMPANY, 1028 MARKET ST.,
do job work in all branches, guard dwellings
and other property at a moment's notice; tele-
phone Mint, 601. WISE <fc GKEENHAN.
S~ URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved; Improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco, Cai. ■
\| RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
i-'l cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purrst toilet articles. 1.6 Kearny sU, room 47.
MRS. SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
866 V_ Market St. , room 12, . ■
LADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner capital. 122 Post 5U.,r.2
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WIiH-
XJ out publicity; advice free and confidential. : J.
G. JEFFKESS, 402 Montgomery su. room 18.: i
T) 1G OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW EVE- I
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad- I
vertisements In living light; promoters of buji- I
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sU
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU ]
_:_. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc: also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTH*
11.1>'3, 213-215 Mason su ; open evenings. ■
LECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING; I
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give ,
a trial to J. N. BRIT TAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny. j
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO !
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company.lll7 Market at., bet 7th and Bth. i
AZOH-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,26c. Razor Exchge,63oMarket
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS,- SPECIALIST: DIS- I
eases of nose, throat: dentistry. Cal. & Kearny. •
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED~AT j
mauutrs' cosu Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs. \
T IBEP.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW- !
XJ dry. »tc. : lowfst r»t<-i. 94Jt Market st - .
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. - Popular prices.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. t'OLMAN. 41 S<l. cor. J»««l-.
DRESSMAKERS.
BESSES $2 UP: WRAPP_SRS"§S"CENTS"UP':
U lawn $1 up. 505% Xatoma st., above Sixth.
—^^—^—^— — —^^—^^— — »— —^» ;
LOIXiING-HOUSES >FOX SAX-.
15^^ROO-l HO^E,^NL^YTrrri"s3so
tpOOyj. 55-room corner hous», only ..1800 '■
60- room hotel and bar to exchange ....2000
6» rooms, clearing $250 3500
50-room boarding-house 6000 !
9 rooms, — yes — 0n1y.....". 225 i
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600 '
10 rooms, corner, only IbOO i
14 rooms. $100 cash, balance payments. 300
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
99 ROOMS ON MARKET ST. $600 ;
---- 45 rooms, corner, c. earing $200 $1800 ■
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $60 to. $5000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market su
40 ROOMS $1300 11 ROOMS $175 !
t O Fine transient 160 43 rooms, paymts 600
130 rooms 7000 16, bay-window.. 250
34 r00m5...... 600 180 rooms 8000
22 rooms... ' 375 63 rooms .... 1500!
. . -.... UNDERWOOD, 765 Market su
A.M. SPECK <fe CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. $300— None better; worth $900; 2*2 rooms. - •
$550— 5100 sure a month; 45 rooms. -
Finest corner in city clears $225: bargain.
Forty-four rooms (unfurnished) to let: corner
Van Nes* avenue. . •
ACRIFICED. . : ■ ■ . - ' i -.;..:..,:.
0 2b magnificently furnished rooms; owner
called East; choice location; unexcelled for tran-
sient Box 148, Call Office. .. ■ .
1 £«-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; REASONABLE.
10 Apply at 136 Sixth su
FURNISHED HOUSES; 16 ROOMS;
$200 clear profit; low renu 859 Mission st.
OUSE OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS, !
suitable tor lodging-bouse; $25. 544 Sixth st. j
OOD PAYING ROOMING HOUSES FOR j
sale. Call at The Portsmouth, 41 Eddy st., i
A. M. ELKINB. . . i
9A ROOMS, WELL FURNISHED; SOUTH OF !
—\J Market su ; • one-quarter its value. Address ■
M., box 80. Call Office. ■
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH» i
-ex WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET. .
999VAS NESS AYE., UROVE ST.— 44
rooms; all bay-windows; lint-class loca-
tion: rent cheap. • v ■ • . ......-.■
*'lfl_NArUlt_- _<O_4 !>AL£.
I"^R*irSALrTr "^^ *~w
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ..........'..............518 50
Bed lounges .'..." ;.. 8 00
Stoves ..» -. 750 |
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard....,,....'. ' 65 i
Matting, per yard ....:.:...;.. ..;. ... . 10 '
-Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we , art- conducting business
at SE." corner Seventh and Mission su. J.
NOON AN. ' . •-.--■' : ...... v
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
-TV lowest prices on household goods, new or gooU
as new; casu or time, open evenings. J
■_im CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14:
riyr\J stoves.. $5: parlor sets. $"20: foldlng-»>_d_
flu; bed-'onnges. $7. T.I). MCCARTHY 11-; 4th.
iFyBNITUK-IiWANXKI).
T WANT FURNIf URE AND" OFFICE FIX-
X tires of any kind will pay good prices. Cail or
send card 7 City. Hall aye. ■ .-..., ■;■ -.
JC. MUTHER, AUCTIONEKR. 601 t ALI-
. fornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price tor
furniture and merchandise. •\ .: - . f ■
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO m.
J. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
IF YOU. WANT GOOD P KICKS FOR FURNt-
ture and 'merchandise »eeBUKl>. ail Larkiu.
VJ BASCH. 321 SI I'TKH, WANTS- bVllSi-
O. tnrc. snloons anil merchandise: highest prle-\
. Mayer .'Buv^-: your- fukntickk.
. carnem. piano. . ll^'^ Market: t»»l. Jessie 7<Jl.
~~ : ' • ' ' CAKPET • CLEANING.
TONES Cli fAKPtI' - CLK AN"TnoT~AN~I)
*} r*novatin~ works. ' Jlain office -25 and 27 B:i_
pARPKT CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. Sc.: KUU
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bthsu
RKAT WESTERN CA RP ET-BK A TIXO
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
lug 3c yd. O. GEORfcI K. 11 Bth; phone Jessie 2 33.
HBS YOU BKCOifE DIs^GUSTEI; WITH
I » » poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 553-57 : Tehama su: teL So. 40.
I lON KLIN SKATING WORI-S. ASS
\J Golden Gat« aye.: telephone east 126. .■ .
IT V, STEAM. CARPKTCLKANING.RENOVA-
ting. 3_ -th. (STKVKNa, mgr. TeL South 250. :
ARPKTS CLEANED • AND KENOVATKO
V.' like new. .. FERGUSON <fe CO.. 23 Tenth: tat
t<>utli 3tt. D. MACKINTOSH &. CO.. successor*.
"E. MITCHELL CAKPE i CLEAN ING CO. J4U .
.. 14th au: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7-
T McQUKJiN'S CARPET BEATING ANDRKN-
v . cvaUn, works.: 453 Stevenson; tm. south --ft.
\ -'. ;.."....■■ STOKAIiK. ■■ .  :, ■■ -
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances maae. 211 La r kin. ..
f FURNITURE.,. PIAiSOS," TRUNKS; . AD-
vances. shipping. CH A3. I- TA YLO Yon.
■.; A ■-, '-. B. SMITH ■ FURNITURE CO.. IS- ELLIS;
•-A-* low rates; flre-prouf buildiug; Kasiera pl.a.
BUSINESS CHANCES. TJ~._ :
TJMrOU WAI-T'TO SELL ;OR BUY A BUsf-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"_»O«kA" ESTABLISHED grocery and ,-<
— OU. bar business: actual value of price '
as-cd in stock and fixtures; good: local and out-
side trade; must be sold, owner Interested in o her
business: investigate this place. LUj-ELSKI A
CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.. .
(D* I (\C\f\ HORSESHOEING BUSINESS IN
1 UUU. one of the best locations in the city;
doing a fine business; will sell, trade or take a
partner: Investigation requested; rare 'opportun-
ity. LUBELsK «fc CHaSK, 7 City Hall aye.
ff.r-iv ELKGANT CIGAR STORE, DOING
tJht)«3U. a fine buslnfss; th« rent is cheap and
the locality is fine: It will pay you to Investigate
this fine buy without delay to-day. LLBh-L-M &
CHASr , 7 City Hall aye. ' _______
TOR SALE - M GNIFiCENT GROCERY,
J 1 with 2 teams: must be sold Immediately: no
reason nble offer refused: fullest investigation.
H'BtiLgKl & CIiASK, 7 City Hall aye.
"cfT /Ml WILL BUY INTEREST IN A BUBI-
inIUU ness paying $65 per mon.h to each; lady
preferred. LUBKLsKI&CH ASK, 7 City Rail aye.
IF YOU WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X let us show you some fine places at bargains
at once. LUBELsKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
OTEL TO LKASK FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick, building, con-
taining f 8 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lls;hied basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particular apply to S. SILVJiRBERG, 320
sansome St.. room 39. ■ ■ ' '■
rfIHE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
-I- California— best equipped house In Norili-
ern California Is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying Investment In Northern California, and
must be disposed of on account of sick ess. for
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cai.
QPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR A $5000 IN-
-0 vestment: business safe, permanent and profit-
able: can demonstrate -all above conditions to en-
tire satisfaction; curiosity seekers not wanted:
only live men with the requisite amount of capital ;
business afford* permanent position if desired. Ad-
dress 8. P., box 94, Call Office. ~. . .
BLACKSMITHS, ATTENTION! — ONE OF
X> the finest shops in the State in lively town 40
miles from San Francisco; established 19 years,
and clears $150 per month; large stock on hand;
all toosl in first-class shape: this Is a bona fide bar-
gain: will take $2500. GEO. STEWART, 602
Market st. ■ .-■■ - -■*--. — ■
TTNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
. *J general merchandise and hotel business In Tu-
olumne County: doing a business of $4000 month-
ly; 5- acres ot ground on principal street; business
yielding good returns. EASION, ELDRIDGE <fc
CO., 638 Market st. -
ffiji QA Bakery, confectionery,
«1P 1 "U. grocery, cigar, tobacco and coffee par-
lor: best location in the city; old-established busi-
ness: large stock with fine fixtures: living-rooms,
well furnished; cheap at $400: must be sold at
once. 219 Sixth St.. open .-nnday.
$K>(U\ STOCK OF 6-ACRE FRUIT AND
• >UU. pool try ranch: on car line, Fruitvale:
chickens, ducks, incubator, brooders, houses and
tools complete: 5 tons of hay: house of 7 rooms:
rent $10. stock of another place San L»andro road
$75: rent $8. Room 34. Donohoe building, a. F.
AN ACTIVE PARTNER WITH A FEW
-T. thousand dollars capital In a legitimate, old-
established business; manufacturing and dea'ing
in engineers' supplies: a little more capital needed
to extend business; Investigation granted pros-
pective Investor: no agents. A. A., box 86, Call.
*1 (\f\t\ HALF INTEREST ESTABLISHED
»ItJ.UvM/. country store, with good estab-
lished trade and a large stoock; good chance for a
business man; one partner cannot attend: refer-
ences exchanged; trial given. Apply this office.
DOCTOR'S - PRACTICE; WORTH $1800 TO
$2000 per annum: stock of drugs and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
most promising mining towns in state. Address
I. L., box 59, t all office, 710 Market St., S, F.
ALOON; IMMEDIATE DISPOSAL ON AC-
U count of death; no reasonable offer refused:
stocK, fixtures: lease 3V. years: the whole for
$575; if not sold by 25th will be disposed of at
auction. 11., box 72, Call Office.
VOR SALE— AN INTEREST IN A FIHST-
X class, . well-established commission business;
capital required from $3000 to £5000; good op-
portunity tor the right man. Address EL box 75,
Call Office.
©TTaa fine RESTAURANT AND bak-
<© XxUV/.ery; perfect oven; everything com-
plete: large store and family trade; ■ best location
on coast outside this city. UNDERWOOD, 76-
Market st.
ffi* I •> X |k FIRST-CLASS SALOON IN THE
*$> lOu\J. retail district; near Market st.; fine
fixtures; well-established trade: moderate ex-
pense; invites investigation. S. E.. box 116, Call.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate'; business esU since 1869: amount
> needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrange pent
can be made.. Address F. D..box 137, Call Office.
A' OUNG BUSINESS MAN OF EXPERIENCE
■X and $1500 wants partner wltn similar amount
to go into jobbing and retail liquor business; finest
references. Address Partner, box 85, Call Office.
Q?l A(\f\ OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD-PAY-
<DXt\J\J.,tng comer grocery, bar. downtown;
sacrifice: owner nolug East. Particular;! at 'HIL-
BERT BROS.. 103 Powel. su
BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERY, NOTIONS,
cheap: 4 sunny rooms; side entrance: large
yard; cheap renu Leavenworth and Jackson sis.
CjOA BKANCH BAKERY, CANDY. STA-
<IP(JV/. tlonery and notions store. 1024 Leaven.
worth St., near California.
IQI PvOrt WELI ' PAYING ROADHOUSE,
ijpXiJKJKJ. with poultry ranch, horse and
! wagon, cow, etc. Inquire 541 California st., wine
I cellar.
I 1 OF; EXPRESS BUSINESS for SALE,
! «u'- 1 ---<-'« on account. of sickness; - good stand*
clearing $80 mouth. Apply 205 Larkln st.
j (C'/XIT DELICACY st6reT"low - rent-
vD — *J\J. first-class neighborhood; near large
I school; no opposite: chauce lifetime. Apply Call.
ESTAURANT; FINK TRADE; BETWEEN
2 carhonses: rent .$l7; no reasonable offer re-
fused; account of bad health. Call 3279 Mission.
$9^ft INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, $306:
— OKI May, $362; June, $374: 1895 averages
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DALY, 1293 Bdwy.N Y.
1/OK RENT— LARGE BASEMENT SALOON;
■X completely furnished for business: low rent.
Inquire room 629. Parrott building, 825 Market st.
ffl»Crj PARTNER WANTED IN EMPLOY-
«IP«-»v/. ment office: rare chance; prefers partner
to hired help. Call 128 Fourth su . .
GROCER ANT TO START CASH GRO-
» eery-store: neighborhood needs one- I cheap
renU 2201 Adeline su. Oakland.
DRUGGISTS ATTENTION — FINK LOCA-
tlon: new store with rooms. Southwest cor-
ner Halght and Devisadero sts. ' .. - ,
ijAK-RT.AT A BARGAIN; BAKES FROM 3
•*to 4 bbls. of flour daily ; full inspection allowed.
I Centerville, Alameda County.
FOR SALE— GOOD PAYING SALOON ; CAUSE
-L for selling, owner going East. Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8, I'etuluma, ...... t
1 rpHE only modern IMPROVED HOTEL
i -I of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. • In-
quire D. ROTHENKUSH.
i MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE— A FI KST-CLASS
-ITL downtown saloon; no reasonable offer re-
fused. . Call 434 Pine sU ... .
VTiOR SALE— OFFICE BUSINESS FOR LADY,
i X $50; no "ake. Call between 10 and 12, 10081.,
Market St., room 1. " -••-..
ITURST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN COMPLEX
X working order; make offer; must be sold. 206
McAllister su . ■
<ftf;nn FOR SALE; BAKERY, HORSE AND
I tjpUUU. wagon; two barrels per day. Apply
i Call Office.
j INTERIOR AGENCY OF CALL FOR SALE;
: X will pay *150 per month; price $4000. Apply
i this office.
i <£_»nn PARTNER WANTED; A NO. 1 LlT-
<ip*J\J\J. tie restaurant: good location. 325
Fourth st. -. . - -.;
TO RENT— GROCERY • STORE AND - SA-
-1 loon; fixtures and bar. Cor. Ridley and Elgin
Park. -■ ■ " ■ ■• -.-..;- "
j ffl-Q^ft ' STATIONERY. NOTIONS: NEAI!
1 OO\J. school: _ rms. • Departure, box 97, Call.
ffi» O( )f\{ \ HALF-INTEREST IN MANU"
faciurlng business. 328 Bush, rm.4.
1 ADY OF. MEANS DESIRES A PARIXE:i
Xj (German) : $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
' "I/ 10 * SALE EXCHANGE FOR VACANT
J J property— Sa oon cor. Ritch and Tovinsend sts.
Cijrfk SALOON: FINE' BUSINESS; LOW
tjp'XUU. reut; teason. poor health.. 989 Paciflc.
OOD ROUTK KO-; SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63'- Market, room -.
|> ESTAURANT: • GOOD L> CATION : GOOD
it place for man and wife. ' Apply. Call Office. -•.
I Q A LOON: LONG LEASE; LOW Re. NT. A P-
, O ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific su :
17>INK CORNER saloon and restaur-
' rant. Corner of Fell and any an sts.
I>LACKSMITH • SHOP, building • AND
JL> lease: also tools. 2315 Pine st.
t odoing-ho'u^fTTn -mining TOWN. AD-
XJ dress G. ts.. Angels Camp. — - .. . .
BA XV. RY AND NOTION STORE FOR SALE.
909 Bryant su . ■ . .
TTOME bakery FOR sale, inquire at"
Call Office.
MALL BAKERY FOR SALE. APPLY CALL
Office. . ,■ . . : : ; - .- v.-.
GROCERY AND BAR FOX SALE; CHEAP-
U two living-rooms. 1041 Folsom st ; '
"POR SALE— DINING-ROOM. -609 POST ST."
C^VFKKTV A l\ D t BEST IN AMERICA-THEI
V/. w J_£,KLY. CALL, sent to any addrejm in Ail
£S? ftS-.*"*'** ° r C * Mda ° n0 ye " f^*^«), PO«J
PHYSICIANS.
HE^MO^-lK^B^rcr^O^D^NTfEl^r^TO^rioa
XV Market st. ; diseases or woman a specialty.
1 l) O v J J >T * ;A^ LTO^ NSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ hU museum, 1051 Market st: UU 30yea^J
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatmeu;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by p__t
JfL-':!:: TV >VKIXJ£KS^ J A : ' '■'
REMINGTON. $S5; • M I TH. $60; HMD FOB
sample work. SCOTT Js B__NN A-*,333Mnt6my- — CITY REAL ESTATE. __. * -
Gh. UMBSEN A CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, 14 Montgomery St., near Market.
BARGAINS JUST RECEIVED.
MISSION-STREET GO UK. __
*9nAA LARGE GORE LOT FRONTING
t^T-wUUI/. on Mission street and two other
streets.
FLATS NEAR UNION WORKS. _._
•2MAAA TENNESSEE ST.; 2 NEW BAY-
«IjSt.UUu. window flats of 6 and 5 rooms and ,
bath each; brick foundation, etc. ; 25x100; rent $35. |
ABBEY HOMESTEAD. - L TV -« ny-
• <£1 (iftCi A HALF BLOCK FRONTING ON
<j)IUUU. three streets.
pacific HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. „.___„
©IOAHA ELEGANT NEW MODERN
«Jp±._..UvfU. residence of 13 rooms and bath;
finished basement; all modern Improvements and
, convenience^; rent $74 per month.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT. _ i
GMAAA NKAK PUBLIC PARK; 37:6 x
r*-IUUU. 137:6; street accepted by the city;
positively must be sold.
SI^ORY^^VINDOW HOUSE
«!T>OUUU. of 9 rooms and bath, etc.: 50xi;5;
' nice location ; $2500 mortgage at 6«j per cent In-
" terest; can remain if desired.
' CORNER ON CALIFORNIA ST. __„ 'J
• OOflflA LOT 32:7y 8 x87:6; THIS IS
tJpZUUU. cheap.
RAUSCH-ST. INVESTMENT. ___-._/
CMQAA 2 HOUSES AND LOT, 86x112; 1
«S*IOUU. rent $36.
' INVESTMENT NEAR CITY HALL.
£.in rAA GROVE ST.: RENT $103 50;
t7 l_C.«)Uv'. several substantial flats; nearly
new; brick foundation; stone walks; 27:6x120; 2
frontages; both streets accepted.
" RICHMOND LOT.
•ffl.qcA 19TH AVENUE; NEAR THE
BARGAIN IN TWO FLATS. • •
4f\f\f\ FORECLOSURE SALE; MUST BE
tITTUv/l'. sold: two new bay window flats:
brick foundation, etc.: all modern improvements:
»tone walks; street acceptea; Shotwell St.; :
■ 25x1 22. 6; no re.-.sonable offer refused.
GKAND PARK LOT.
Q99^A "D" ST.; 25X100; FINE VIEW.
•F.XCEPTIONAL BARGAIN.
Q9AAA GOOD PLACE FOR AN EX-
—yj\'\J. pressman: Duncan st.; cottage of 5
- rooms and bath : 25x104 to an alley.
FINE INVESTMENT IN THE MISSION.
Qin ?\f\(\ CORNER NEAR VALENCIA
«S>XU.UUU. and Market «ts.: 6 flats: renting
for $111 per month: both streets accepted: posi-
tively must be sold: offer wanted; lot 37:6x80.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE,
• <St.4AAA. TWO SUBSTANTIAL FLATS ON I
«3r>ttUUU. Steinerst; 27:6x110.
SALE COMPULSORY.
<2:^nn A fine residence OF 8 rooms
*S>fJOM\J. and bath; brick foundation; finished ,
basement: exceptionally large lot, 30x162; small '
. Amount cash above mortgage.
. ■ .
. CORNER NEAR SAN BKUNO AYE.
SI fiilA 75x160; FRONTING ON 3
l.\J\J\J. streets; level,
BARGAIN ON SILVER ST.
<4fc')>\An RENT $426 PER ANNUM: 3 !
•_ -OUu. flats and lot 25x70; must be sold to j
close an estate.
CHEAP CORNER.
' (^-"A NEAR SAN BRUNO AYE.; 60x100.
GOOD WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
QftOrMk WALLER ST. AND LAUSSATT
CV"" W . aye.-. bay-window house of 7 rooms .
mil bath, and cottage of 4 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; street accepted: 25x120; 2 frontages;
rent $45.
FUNNY BUBH-ST. RESIDENCE.
•Q I^*7^o MAGNIFICENT EASTLAKE
• ©Jo. I U\i. residence on the sunny side of
Bush St.; excellent locality: contains 14 rooms
»nd bath: large garden: highly improved; lot '
t>8:9x137:6; fine southern views.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
. which contain a list of properties for sale in all
' parts of the city. i
V. ■ •,- G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
( 14 Montgomery st.
MCAr'EE BKOTHEKS, " '
iU. REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PROPERTIES FOH EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANGE FOR PROPERTY ' WEST-
WARD.
-TURK, NEAR WEBSTER; 26:6x120;
,1 fronts: cottage of 3 rooms, bath: comfortable
some; property will improve.
'TO EXCHANGE FOR SAY FRANCISCO OR
OAK /.AND PROPERTY.- - -
C] 9 finn ■ webster *<T,, NEAP. VAI.L- :
■ • I -."'■>', ejo; new residence of 16 rooms: 1
11 latest Improvements; electric lights, gas fires, ;
Hirnace: natural woods: tinted walls-, desirable
location; delightful home.
»AL"SO
CjQAAA northeast CORNER ON SAX-
t^t)\t\J\J . chez su, near 24th; 86x7 5; street
' »-ork done; lot on grade; would sell in subdlvi-
lions.
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION PROPERTY.
*Qft9^n LYON, NEAR GEARY: 57;6x
jjpu_.«m. 201:6 and L 40x101:6; a large lot
ivith 2 neat flats, remlng for $432 per annum; in-
expensive Improvements would make this prop-
»r.y pay good income.
ALSO
Siif'flfiA. suttbr ST., EAST OF SCOTT;
tE>I)UUU. 27:6x62:6: 2 stories: Store and 2
rooms be'.ow; flat of 5 rooms and bath above,
imall stable; all substantially built and in good
■►rder; rents $540; another fiat and more rooms
tould be added.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
HOMES AND LOTS IN THE
HKYMAN TRACT— HEYMAN TRACT
At prices and terms to suit, your circumstances:
finest residence location in the city: stieetg graded
*»nd sewered: Spring Valley waii-r piped: am.R-
ilflcent view, a healthy locality and n good n-igh-
torhood ; come In and talk it over: we can arrange
terras and plans just as you wish them: over 60
homes built: 150 lots already sold: lots $50 down
MO montblv. Take Castro-sU car to 23rd St., or
■ Uldslon-st. car, transferring at 22d st. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
1610^0 WILL BUY NEAT 4-ROOM COT-
tJ>X UUU tage v hard unwind; large basement,
.ncludlng level lot; $150 down, $15 monthly; near
Idission-sU cara. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgy.
BUILDrNO AND INVESTMENT LOTS FROM
L» $75 up, on $5 monthly payments. JACOB
HKYMAX, 11 Montgomery st.
ONLY $250 SACS : DOWN AND $6
monthly for a fine lot In boulevard block 722;
lon't fail to secure one of these lots; they are a
>ar am, and only a few left: lots in adjoining
Hock selling at $400 each. JACOB HE Y MAN,
U Montgomery st.
BARGAIN IN A 6-ROOM AND BATH NW.
1 corner cottage; nearly new; only $250 down,
ialance easy monthly- payments: half a block
K°i m^,7' £ nt 7; SPCon<l - - electric road. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery.
? DUCAS, REAL ESTATE OWNER, 11
O. Montgomery st. _ I am goinc out of the real
(state business and to close the same up I will sell
he following property at Jess one-half the actual
jaiue. Make no mistake and take advantage of
this great sale: *
■ $25 each for 19 lots In Vicltaclon Valley; a
iDle.uiid place for chicken or milk ranch
$60 each -Lots on 23<1 aye., bet. O and P
S*rti 2 ai Hei 2 h? tiaC "~ 351018 '" Ulfferent i )arU of
8150 each-Part of block 157, south San Fran- I
c'sco; no better place in the city tor chicken
ranch.
3150 -Lot on Hale St., near the corner of Silver
ive. and San Bruno road.
$175— Lot on Russia aye., near Edinburgh st.,
Excelsior. '
$226— Corner Russia aye. and Edinburgh st.
3375— Lots on Crescent aye.. near Mlssbn road
$1000 -Lo' on San Jose road, near 30th.
. $300— 12 lots In block B. Haley purchase.
pICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS. :
pOINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE. 41ST. 42D
■I. and 43d ayes.: choice lots on electric-car line.
MOKE LOT; 650 FEKT MAIN FRONTAGES
LT on Point Lobos. Cliff House, 42d and 43d ayes
OEK.XAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
£> Seigel and Powbat:an aye.: easy payments
V. H. REYNOLDS" A CO.,
( 323 Montgomery st.
VTARIXB VIEW HOMES.
select Pacific Heights location; Webster St., bet.
Vallejo and Green; unsurpassed bay view; new,
modern and up-to-date, homes; finished through-
out in natural woods: new style of architecture;
prices aua terms liberal; houses open to-day for
inspection.
Rl 9 000 BEAUTIFUL HOME ON DE-
<2J 1.-&.UUU. vfsadero st-; will be sold Im-
mediately; 14-room house with fine barn; large lou
<2;*;9 turn FIXE corner on STOOK-
tp^-_;.UUU. tonst; raying over 10 p«r cent
merest on the Investment; must he sold; see this
. J. W. WRIGHT A CO.; 628 Market, st.
£ Q^OO FTNE~L"AK(iE HOUSE": FINELY
tjpuuuu. finished: on Prospect and Virginia
■its. ; you can buy ibis at a bargain; small amount
pfcash, MoEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
Si (Vf COKNER; 187;6xlOJ; NEW
SS: ' ltXJ y- buildings; rents $425; great bar-
ium, must be sold.
■ In v'V^,~ 25x l W: M » rket 8t - near Bth.' .-
fDecfi??? <J x94: cor - O'Farrell and Laguna
;cgg 2 b^ 0 " r 8 n ,i 0 g t e by W - b. ■aqgcpH &
S A foT^ l^ EL , LOT - 75x130: WORTH $3000,
ttreet- i 6 f° w nlce lot! Wealthiest town: -best
»tre£tj_niake offer. J. It. ROCHE, P. O. box 1878
H O S* m U ILT TO SUIT PURCHASERS
Bcatld 1 , M ,-, m *n id own: terri > about same as rent;
leedifivrn- k rom ! » t » '- 8 "- cars; city water
leea glveq; no better offer ever made; open even-
Apply t 0 THOMAS It. SVXX, TB2ea *ill9-
-lion, or I a. EASTMAN (builder). InglesT.liT.
JN THfc~MISBIO» WARM bklt- a modern
Knt st^r. a 2i 8 r nt - jaquire a "
city real estate. 1
Tdison^ a*~burke^ real] Sstate
Agents; established 1858: , 626 Market st.
EARY-ST. BUSINESS CORNER. NEAR
AT Taylor: lot 28x62:6; paying good income;
price reduced to $20,000 ; one of the best oppor-
tunities to secure a downtown business corner.
Ql P. (\(\(\ RENT $1684 PER ANNUM;
%P i~*J.\/\J\J . excellent improvements: lot 50x
120; two fronts; Sutter st., near Buchanan.
tl 9 nflfV MAGNIFICENT business
<3> J -Z'«UUU. corneron Filimore st,, 29:6x100, i
entirely covered with substantial Improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
Qtlß (\f\f\ BUTTER ST., NR. WEBSTER:
•4PXU.UUU. double lot, 60x137:6; four new
flats; paying over 9 per cent.
pOSTBT., NEAR JONES: LARGE HOUSE IN
X first class condition; 10 rooms and bath; only
$15,000.
HOME ON HAVES ST.: ON r,YSSOOO ASKED:
XX au offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x72:6; sunny side.
i pHOICE CAI.IFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
V^ side, near Steiner: 2 frontages: terms easy;
will take lot in part payment: owner leaving city.
pLAY ST., BET. CENTRAL AYE.. AND WAL-
\J nut et.: 8 rooms and bath; handsomely fin-
ished; lot 26x102; a bargain; only $7000 asked
©POAn STEINEHST., NEAR PINE: NEW j
i «IrU_.Vl»». cottage lust completed; 5 rooms and
j bath; 25x103:6. ; .
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NH. LOTT;
it rooms and bath; all modern conveniences:
25x137:6: only $7250. MADISON A BURKE.
©/^rAn WASHINGTON. NEAR DEVIBA-
tDUvJUU. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON A BURKE.
P^AA EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
tS)ttOUU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
QCir\(\(\ PAGE, NEAR BRODERIOK: RESI-
<JpUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
«]>PLAAA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
«JdOUUU. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
| street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
' fiP7AnA BUSS, NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
I I UUU. 50x100; well rented tor $63 per
[ month; part of lot still vacant.'
' O!fA^f\r\ SAN JOSE AVK., COR. ELIZA-
! »jpaOUU. bethst.: lot 29x78: flat 7 rooms and
bath, and store and 6 rooms; rents $30. _,>:-,■:
i CiQnf\f\ RENTS $336 PER ANNUM'; 3
tJpOUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
©91 AA 18TH "ST., NR. SANCHEZ; COT-
tjr.-. l\J\J. tage 4 rooms and bath; nice home;
lot 25x100. _. *
I Q I TOO PORTLAND AYE., COR. BEN-
! OX i UU. nineton: store and 4 rooms and stable
i for 3 horses; lo: 25x100. c.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
6Uxl&0; Waller, near Scott: 2 frontages ; will sell
j in subdivisions.
i $3500— Hayes, nr. Fillmore; elegant view ; 25x
i 106:3.
54500— NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 60x114.
$4000—65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700— Broderick, near Bush: E. side: 30x103.
j $3250— Hayes, nr. 1- ill more; 25x137:6.
f24o<}— Castro, cor. Elizabeth; 26:6x106.
! $2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
! $2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
I $2000 each— lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
i duced from $3000. . ■
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
$1000-19tu, near Sanchez: 1:5x114.
$1000— Hancock, near >anchez; 25x114.
*800-Pt. Lobos, hr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
MADISON a BURKE. 626 Market au
A. H. IIIBSAX. O. K. Yon Hrii.v.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
♦ Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street. . . _. -  ~ .'■ - .- < '.:.*■- ,
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan; 63:9 x
137:6: 2 flats, store and coalyard; rents ?!05.
9000— .Tones, near Greenwich; 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms aud bain each
( rents $95.
I $4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot
, 22x68:9: 2 flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
; $7000— Chestnut, near Dupont: 40x122:6 to
Pfeiffer; double 2-story house on each frontage;
j rents $64; will sell either frontage.
$6600— Oak. near Lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 60.
i*6:o()-P>icific St., near Hyde: 23x80; front
house 2 flats. 10 rooms and bath; rear bouse 4
! rooms: rent* $43. - . '
i 56000— Valejo, nearSansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
' tenements: rents $57.
I $6000— Chenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear:
j street on railroad: 123x125; 2 houses
: $5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand-
| new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
: and hath.
! $4600— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
two iron t and one rear house; 16 'rooms ana oath;
rents $46. • -' - ; ' -
?50 j'J— f^an Jose aye., near 24th St.; 27x175; 8
rooms and bath; tine grounds. ■
$5000— Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
• story residence: IU rooms. - - -
$4000-Broderlck and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house: 6 rooms and bath.
i R4ooo— Bryant, near 4th: 20x80; 2-story house
• ot 9 rooms and bath.
■ $3000— Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
I house. 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— .San Carlos aye,. near 21st st.; 22:6x75:
i 2-siorv house. 2 flats, 7 rooms; $2560..-
-i . $3600— Uoujth and Lombard; 58x84: private
j residence.
. $3300— Larkln. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
: I story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50; easy
' terms: 22:8x99.
i «3000— Pacific, near Hyde; 20x73; 2 fiats; rents
$26.
: $8000— Hinimelraan, through to Salmon; 20x60:
house on eacn frontage; rent 529.
. $2850— Broadway, near Leavenwortb; 22:11 x
I 137 :6: rear house and stable.
i $2500 — Le Hoy place, near Sacramento St.; -2:4
! jcsB:9: 2-story house, 2 fiats, 10 rooms: rents $20.
! $2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 50x70; Gift
i Map .No. 2: 2 cottages; 9 roams and hath; rent $.2.
! $1600— Monlton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x62:6: 2-story house; ii flats; rents $18.
$1350— Lincoln, near' Jones; 22x70: cottage, 5
rooms. . : .
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: . 43:2 x
: 75; one 2-story and 'i cottages.
.".UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leavenwortb: 75x87:6;
1 will subdivide into 3 lots.
- Valencia, near 251h-st. railroad station; 61x
I 117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
1 6 lots on Dolores. . «gff*l . .: -_..
$4 - -3d and Florida: 75x104.
$2250— Cluy. near Baker: 25x105.
81-/oO— 4 lots; Ocean road, near 24th: 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
i $700— Sliver aye-, near Craut; 50x109; College
; Homestead.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th: 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114. , - . . • .
<3; A f-'AA MAKE Or FER: PACIFIC
•JS'iDUU. Heights bargain; mint be sold: Web-
ster st.: lot 26x137:6; near Broadway: fine ma-
rine view, with modern house of 8 rooms ana
bath: bouse in good condition and rents to steady
tenant for $35 per month; look at. this at once;
get permit at office to inspect.
O'FaKRKLL A CO., 11 Montgomery St.
5219 f\f\n TAYLOR ST., NEAR Gh A BY:
JLZi.UUU. 3-story bay-window house and lot;
house in good condition: modern plumbing; brick
foundation; rays good income. ' ."
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery at.
®7AAiI MAKKAN OFFER; LOT 60x125;
1 UUU. \v. side of Church s;., near Market;
could be improved to pay goad interest. :
OFARRKLL «fc CO.. 11 Jlontgomery st.
€: 7 in KLOIiIDA ST., NEAK ' aOTH: LOT
tip I U\J\.r. and improvements: 4 flats of 5 rooms
each and 2-s'Ory house:, rents $57: can be further
Improved to pay eood interest: make nn offer.
- O'FAHRKLL<fcCu., 11 M 011: com st.
CIO AAA REDUCED FROM 517,600;
t]pXZi.UUU. must be sold without delay :' busi-
ness propeity on Taylor st., nr. Market; 2-story, d
room and bath-house and lot 25x8U feet: can be
further improved ami made to pay handsomely.
■ . ■■- O'FARKELL «fc CO., 11 Montsomery st.
ft E\E\C\f\ TO CLOSE AN ESTATE: B f'.YANT
<iipUO\J\l. St., near Sixth; 2 lots. 26x75 each,
and 3 cottages; $45 per month; ■ always rented;
must be sold Immediately.
O'FAitRELL A 1 P., 11 Montgomery st.
fIjjXAA 2 MAGNIFICENT LOTS, 25x
tjPrjcJUU,. 137:8 feet each; suitable for business
or residence; Oak st., near Uevisaitro: former
price $6500; must be sold. -
O'FaRRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
©1A AA BUHINESS PROPERTY; Mo-
«3)XU. UUU. Alllster st.: rents $116 ncr month;
store and fiats; all rented : must be sold : make an
offer. O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFOKR, 3-9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
safe Deposit, offers for sale: - :
$70>0— tolsom-st. boulevard, near Bth: store
and 2 flats; lot 2Hx9O: rent $60.
$20,000-2-story brick hous« on Clay St.. nr. the
ferries: lot 23x116, to rear street: rent $100. .
$7600— MoAlllster st., east ' from Buchanan;
27:6x120 to street in rear; with double flat, bay-
window; rent $50. A--'-a $ wga &»B3Bi.'*lMW l *>
.; $20,000— Geary st.; fine corner property; stores
and dwellings: pitying $140 rent. • '
$32,600— Eddy-sU property, near Mason; rent-
ing at sl6a ' . > . ■'.:••■■"
(532,500— Fine downtown O'Farrel!-st. business
property: rents $160. . .
$12,.')00— Howard St.. near 4th, 2 stores and 12
rooms upstairs: lot 30x80; rents $75.
Cheap— M iconic aye. r north of Frederick st : lot
86x106:3: all on the grade. . . .
$6WOO— Fine corner, near - Ellis and • Webster;
2-:-.tor.v: bay-window; lot 24x95: rent 840.
$2000— Thirtieth st : &-room house; lot 25x125
$28.5L'0~A snap; the NW. corner of Mission and
17 th his.-, a block of 2-story bay-window houses;
3 stores and : 3 flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; also 2 D-rooni cottages on 17th, St.; lot 65x
100; rent $2280 per annum. '. .
$3000— 7 th St., near Brannan; lot 25x76, with
Improvements; renting at $20. .. . ■ .
$2000—5 rooms and bath bogie, corner 26th
St., Dear Valencia. -■-. -, " " : .
. '.UNIMPROVED.  ,'-■-.
$3203— Halght St., near Baker; 25 or 50 by 10.
imoo-corner on Fillmore St.: XixßS,
$1250— 25x80; 24th st, near Dolores.
1 »800— Noe at., near SOth; lot 36:6x75. .
' $3500— Lot 78x100; - corner 19th and Eureka
sts.: make offer. . - , . . ...--.-,
T\T ANTKD— OW REAL ESTATE,
.TT cash or m»rchandls« for equity: 6-room
! houses. 366-367 First aye., near' Clement. 1402
Devisadero st. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
BRICK BUILDING.' -
. . . - . PAYS big interest. .
<2»Qnnn STQOKTON-BT. BUSINESS prop-
JJpuUUU. erty: 2-storw brick building contain-
;ng store and flat above: large lot; one tenant will
;ake 5-year lease at $70: water extra. i
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, i
. 10 Montgomery st. I
EW MODERN RESIDENCES! ~~"" ~
SMALL CASH PAYMENT.
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
SEE THOSE HANDSOME NEW 2-STORY
houses on Cole St., near Waller; prices, $6000 j
and $6500: 10 rooms and bath each; all the latest I
conveniences; substantially constructed. .
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
• .. 10 Montgomery st.
OWNTOWN BARGAIN. T",
O' PARREL ST.'. NR. LARKIN.
(g^J'AA 2-STORY. HOUSE; AT A SMALL
tDOtJUU. expenditure could be made to pay
well: good place for store.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
IG BARGAIN. ~~ ~~ ~ "~
' PAYS 12 PER CENT, i
t)tA~(\(\ STEVENSON - sT. FLAT, BET. I
ifTWU. Herman and Thirteenth; small Hats; :
1 ways rented; street bltunilnizod. ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
UST.BE SOLD." , ,- ~ ' ■ - - -
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS
IN MISSION WARM BELT.
ffl» 1 F\f\(\ EACH; TWENTY - FIRST. NEAR
«a) IUVU Dolores; good neighborhood; each 25x ]
104; make an offer. • . ,
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. . !
OWARD &T., - ! ~
BET. THIRD AND FOURTH.
Oiw^Afi LOT '25x8J; HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS
i?OO\J\J. and bath.
BALDWINS HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
RODERICK ST., . .-...: ,- ._ . '.
BET. EDDY AND TURK.
r 7O : \C\ DOUBLE 2- STORY HOUSE OF 7 j
«ID 1 £iO\J. and 7 rooms and bath: rent $60: lot I
S2xlOO. •
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery s t.
pHBAP LOTS. . '■
«HPif;A-20TH AYE., JVR. POINT LOBO8;
OPOOyj 25x120.
©.VI F^A- AGKNUI BARGAIN: BROAD- !
*£>*Jl.k>\J way, bet. Franklin and Gough sts.; lot
31x100; marine view. •
CJ» I .iOn- 11 " 1 A YE., NR. POINT LOBOS; j
®13tUU 60x100. . .
C«99PLA— FINE LOT ON NORTH SIDE OF j
<ip^UU McAllister st., bet. Baker and Lyon; i
25x137.6; easy terms. ,
ffl«9^(Ul-MAKE AN. OFFER: PAGE ST.,
tJD — OKJXJ bet. Pierce and Scott; 25x137:6.
■ BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
'- 10 Montgomery street.
LA itKIN-STREET FLA
AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
ffi»77KA— RENTS67:3 FLATS OF 5, 5 AND,
tip 4 < OKI 6 rooms and bath ench; lot 25x100.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery street.
©97FiA— MUST BE SOLD; GOLDEN GATE ;
«35_. i I <J\J aye., near Devisadeto; 25x137:6; cost :
owner over $30 JO.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, .
10 Montgomery street.
.
OTS NEAR THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES. i
A SPLENDID INVES'IMH.VT.
We call yonr attention to the building lots In
block bounded by II and I streets and 9th and 10th i
avenues, as being: good Investments ttt the very i
low prices asked, ■ •
$760 AND UPWARDS.
... .-:. 850 CASH; $10 MONTHLY.
All streets on ofticial grade. Gas and water piped
to the property. This block faces the park at the |
9tb-avenue entrance. Our agent. Mr. Crosier, on \
the ground Sundays with maps, etc. A number of ,
the lots have been sold. Don't delay, but see the
•property at once. " •■•-■' ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
...... • 10 Montgomery st. .
4 re you looking ~ ~ *~
*A- for A BUILDING lot?
if SO, be sure
That you see the lots in the Castro-st. Addition;
Can't bo cat.
PRICES $350 TO $400.
TE It At CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
"STREETS GRADED, SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED.
On ike line of an electric road; fine view; good
climate; take the Mission or Valencia street, cars, i
transfer at 14th to electric road and rine to Chen- '
cry and Castro su. ; agent on the ground daily, j
also at 3207 22d St., cor. Mission, evenings after
7:30 o'clock.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
_^ 10 Montgomery st.
ON T T BUY THESE LOTS!
XJ . CONSIDER THE PRICE!
If yen could find any lots in the city as good !
for the money we would not ask you to buy these,
but as we are positive that they are the cheapest ;
lots in Richmond we advise you to see them at
11TH AND 12TH AVKS.,
BET. CALIFORNIA AND LAKE ST.;
$700-830 CASH, $10 MONTHLY, |
with the privilege of paying more at any time and ,
with Interest on the amount owed only at 6 per
cent. - .1
'There are only 10 lots left, 40 have been sold:
take the Siitro or Califonila.-st. -cars to-day; you j
will have to be' quick or they will all b« gon». .
■ BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
" 10Mont?omery st.
T>OVtE,TOY A SON XT A-:, :
X) REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
19 MONTGOMERY ST.
O?f;AA 25x120; LOT READY TO BUILD ON;
«Jpt)UU. 24th aye.
G»4KAA GROVE ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS
I<J\J\J. and bath; mortgage $3000; will trade
equity for lot. '
<»£ftnfin MAKE AN OFFER; NEW; VAL-
i$)<D\J\J\J. lu,o,st. residence; 10 rooms and
bath; mortgage $5700.
<5? QOAA DX LONG AYE.. NEAR WALLER
*ip*i£*\J\j. St.; cottage 8 rooms and bath; mort-
gage $1&00; will trade equity for lot.
$7^On KENTSS7O: MCALLISTER ST. ; 2
«iD lOU>'. front bouses and rear house- lot
27:6x120 to rear street. . . !.
GMT HAH MUSTBESOLD: California,
«£,,«.»«* uear Octav i>«: lar^e house; lot
35x132:6 feet: price reduced from $15,000.
<52"OOAA' LAOU.VA - ST. RESIDENCE: 7
»_V>OUV/. rooms aud bath: mantels, garden,
etc.: bay view; near cable; terms easy.
q»n PiOO BUSINESS CORNER WEBT- j
O li.uuu. em Addition; Fcltoa st.; 25x100-
-store and 2 flats; rents $10-' 60.
(COT 00 CONNECTICUT ST.. NR. NAPA:
tT^-iJ UU. 23x100; house 5 rooms and bath :
make an offer. -.*.\-. '
B "OTWELL ST., NEAR 24TH;
«ipOUUU. cottage 6 rooms and bath; 30x122:6.
YORK HT " NEAR 19TH: COT-
<n_..JUU. tage 6 rooms- and bath: rents $16;
25x100. . - - '•*•'"• c
$X7^A 40x116: RIDLEY ST., NEAR VA-
•iJ)iJ I ell/, leocia; house 8 rooms, etc.
* 3fiofl KENTS $35; PEKRY ST., NEAR
tJipOUU. 4th; 25x8U; 3 separate flats. •
$5800. RU-"!S ST.; RENTS $70 MONTH-
t3SOCUU. lot 30x100; large house. Ui>l "»
$5000. ro?iix9^3 OTTAoE 6 boom 8«
$3000. DI(AMOIfD «T., NR. JERSEY: COT-
OUUU. tag; of 7 roo.usand bath.
PRICE. GUEATLY REDUCED;
tJ)cMJ«J \J. property most be sold; 2-siory house
8 rooms and bath; choice location on Fine st.; lot I
RE - Vrs PER MONTH; MAKE I
tIDUOUU. an offer; 4 flats; Oak Grove eve?
QQfi^O ?KXTS $29 PKR MONTH- 2
t&O\J<J\J. flats, 3 ana 4 rooms each; Silver st.
MAKE AN ' OFFER; A BPLKNDID
♦pi I Oy. investment; rents $54 per mouth- 6
separate flats of 4 rooms each; near 7th and Fol-
som sts. . ■'.V' : V ■ • '
shll 000 TAYLOR ST., NEAR POST: 3-
J- I . \J\J\J. story house; rents $7& per month.
For further particulars, apply to
; ... BOVKK, TOY A SONNTAO,
, ' ' " -• 19 Montgomery st.
I TINTS TO REAL ESTATK • • "
L INVESTORS AND HOMK-M US.
Yon can make some money now bnlng land any-
where within an hour's ride of a great seaport cltv
You can make more money buying in some lo-
calities than O'llTS.
You can make the most money if you select a
place naturally situ ted for a. town, located in the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements, easily accessible by cheap nnd fre-
quent railway and water transportation lines to a
great commercial and manufacturing metropolis
and other existing business centers, yet farenough
away from any to ingureof Its becoming a prosper-
ous self supporting and independent community
■ FITCHBURU IS HO SITUATED .''
As to combine all these advantages and many
others.. It offers splendid Inducement! to those
about to start ousiness of any discrlption.
For suburban Homes It r vale sny of the thickly
populated centers around the bay. "m.*iy
li is only 46 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes Jrom Oakland by steam and electric cars
which run from daylight until after midnight,"
(Station on both lines. No lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
Co\iPLKTE T D CUUKCtt EDIFICE RECENTLY
'"''^ SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
The streets are gravelea and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedge* and evergreen groves.
Mark itieso improvements *-.".**
' NOTK THE , ELKGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider .be social advantages sure to multiply
as the town grows, count the chances for profit on
your investment in fi. ' peo ivc business center
0 ?. m D owo d nt W nema h rket° My iMl^ ° ne - Bt ? eet
• SEE FITOHBURQ.
Invest Judiciously ; and a the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
to'-joVf" ct U de-T' 8l " &ad 5 ° feet Xront by 10 °
PRICE ONLY $4 TO 10 PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 por.cenf cash; balance In monthly
payments. - . .
« HA ' X « 8 T I -T, C l i 1 i ohbnrg ' 8 « n Leandre Road.
W. F. McCLLRE, 19 Montgomery St., 8. F, • ■-- :
SMALL HOMES, $10 MO. UP; "LOW PUICES;
easy terms. McCarthy CO., 616 Market it!
CITY JREAI. ESTATE.
ELEGANT HO3IE. " '' . . -
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
SUTTER, NEAR FRANKLIN.
<2»1 Q AAA A HANDSOME RESIDENCE
«IDXO.UUU.;of 9 rooms and bath, on the north
side of Sutter St.; well built and in first-class con-
dition: fine neichborhood; lot ;-.0x120 ft. through
to Austin aye.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO
. . 638 Market St.
INE INVESTMENT. ~~^ ~ T7~\
DESIRABLE FLATS.
ALWAYS RENTED. \ .
<& Qr Aft 3 MODERN FLATS OF 8, 7 AND 6
OxJXJKJ . rooms and batb, on the north side of
Howard st., bet. Bth and 9th.; only four years old;
mortgage $5000 can remain; cost over $12,000.
• ■ EASTON, KLDIUDGE CO..
' .' . ' .."...- «38 Market st.
MODERN HOME. •■ ' ' • '•• ■ •
OVERLOOKING THE PARK PANHANDLE
AT SACRIFICE. :
®7f;r>A HANDSOME MODERN BESI-
-rj) lt)"U. dence 12 rooms and bath on Lyon
St.. nr. i ak; in splendid condition; complete in a 1
the latest details: : only 4 years old; cost over
$9500: will Hike part payment In San Rafael
property. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A Cv)..
-■-.■..-•• - 688 Market st.
pHOICE FLATS. ~"~ • '. - :  .
KJ . DESIRABLE LOCATION.
half a block NORTH ok market ST.
OU^CAA FINE PAIR OF FLATS. 5 AND 6
<JpT:OUU. rooms and bath on N. side of street;
lot 26x115 feet: this property has a grand future.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE A CO '
■. 638 Market st.
HANDSOME HOME.
ALMOST NEW.
NEAR THK PARK PANHANDLE.
QU jQ'fV MODERN COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS.
ts)^:£O\J. bath.' high basement, etc., on . the
north side of Hayes St.. near Lyon : lot 25x100 feet;
mortgage $-'500, in the Hibernla Bank.
EASTON, ELDRIDUE A CO.,
638 Market »t-
T. IG VALUES. ~ ~
X) IN INCOME-PAYING PROPERTIES.
ALL SPECIAL BARGAINS.
© 1 Qf\(\ 9 FLATS OF 4 ROOMS EACH, NR.
«lpIOUl». Jones and Sacramento sts., rents for
$18 per month. ■ '''
$4250.
FOUR HOUSES.
BUM'S $52 PER MONTH. '
NEAR 6TH AND HARRISON.
LOT 37:6x112 FEET. . .
QMnnn A northeast corner on
tJttUUU. Union St., containing store and 4
rooms; fine lot 37:6x62:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
-■ j e3B Market st.
A SELECTED FEW. ~
ix SPECIAL bargains
IN CHOICE LOTS.
$5500. BW - COR * J° NES AND PACIFIC;
»U)t>OUU. 60x52:4.
$3600. *££*?* PREBIDI °
M A ELLIS ST., NR, STEINER; 25x
«JfcOOUU. 187:6.
$3000. F 6o GE 8^ FILLMORB : > 8x
$2700. TWENTY- FOURTH, NR. TREAT
tjt'JKv/U. aye,: 37:6x100.
CJ»O- AA 42 LOTS IN O. L. BLOCK 1092.
<2»OQnfl FOLSOM, nr. FOURTEENTH-
tjp — O\J\J. 25x122:6. . .
®Q<)-a COR. SIXTH AYE. AND B ST.;
xfr£6o\J. 32:0x100. / -
©IQOn TWENTY-SECOND ST., NEAR
tJtSIOUU. Church; 60:11x114.
©1 AAA FOURTH AYE., NR. CALIFOR-
J^IUUU. nlast; 25x120.
®7CA TENTH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA
tJP IOU. St.: 25x120.
fflj^or TWENTIETH AYE., NR. POINT
«JpT:^O. Lobos; 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
HAINWALD. HUCKBEE A CO, A&A.U an-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$16, 500— Beautiful modem bouse in best resi-
dence portion of the Western Addition; contains
salon parlors, large dlnlnc-room In oak, hard-
wood inlaid floors, tiled vestibule, marble steps,
stained-glass windows, two baths with porcelain
tub: bathroom tiled: six bedrooms; basement
finished with concrete floor: five-pipe furnace;
handsome and expensive gas fixtures throughout.
$9100— Paciflo-ave home: modern 2-story East-
lake residence; cent: 7 rooms and bath: lot
.25x127:814 teei; see this If you want a moderate-
priced home.
$4100— Lot 60x104 ft., with a good two-story
houxe of 6 large rooms and bath, stable, etc.;
mortzaae, fSOUOi Hibernla bank: 23d at., near
I Florida. . ... - .
$851.0— Matt us an offer;: Pacific Heights resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath: JaccsO'i . s:. near Bu-
chanan st. : let 30x117 ft. to rear street.
$71 00— New residence near the Park; 10 rooms
Rndba:h: all modern Improvements; - hardwood
| finish; fine marine view: lot 25x121 feet.
$4500— Vallejo st., near Webster St.: finest block
0.1 Vallfjost.;lot 27:6x137:8 ft.; $2000 can re-
main. . . . ' • . ■■■.■-. t
$3000— Broderick st. near Sutter: 37:8x127:6;
very cheap; only $aO a trout foot. •
$10,000: four-story brick building: 45 rooms;
downtown: rents $100; lot 35x57:6 feet. . -
$3500— Alabama s:., near Twenty-first: 2-story
cottage of 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x10u ft.; cheap.
*..OU- California St., north side, bet.fllh and 10th
svi.». ; lot 25x100 feet; easy terms.
$600— Lake st., near Bth aye.: 25x72 ft.: cheap.
SBSOO— SW. corneron Webster st,, below Geary:
very irood 2 story and basement house of 8 rooms
and bath and stable: lo: 24x93:6 feet. -
$1400— Very cheap; Lou St., nr. Golden Gate
aye.; 2nxloo feet; $400 mortgage can remain at
6V3 percent.
. *6500— Fine marine view lot: SE. cor. Fillmore
and Green s s. ; 68:9x87:8.
$5160— Capp at., nr. 22d: new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $45; lot 25x
122:8 foe t.
- $9250— Pa«e-Bt- corner residence ; must be sold ;
cost the owner over $12,000: In Golden Gale Park
district; terms about $1250 cash, balance In
monthly Installments: mortgage. ■•
$7000— Price reduced: NE. cor. Pine ant! Laguna
sts.: very good bouse of 9 rooms and bath; street
accepted; sidewalk stone; a bargain.
$5600— Corner Bush and Broderick sts.: cottage
of 8 rooms and bath: large lot, 34x100 feet; lot
alone 1s worth the price asked; the lait of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
*5500— Price reduced: Webster St., nr. Wash
inicton; very good 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; street accepted: morlzage $3000 at 6J/d per
cent can remain; lot 25x97:6.
I $2500 eacn— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon:
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
2ftxH 2.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery si.. Mills building.
"VTEITHER GOLD NOR SILVER AT 53 18 IN
1> it with this bargain!
CUQ^n. JUST RKDCCED AND WORTH
O'-MU. double: building lot on K. side of Dia-
mond st., bet 21st and 22a: 1 block from < astro-
si, cars; note the larsesizc, 50x125; street macad-
amized and sewcrea ; $650 bank mortgage can
stand. Owner means business:' the price proves
that. Take your money from the bank and pick
tins up. H. K. POKHLMAN, 415 Montgomery st.
iToR SALE, ON EASY TERMS: $500 CASH,
X 1 $35 per month; 2 beautiful modern cottages,
I containing porcelain tub, tiled bathroom, 2 e;e?ant
mantels (a each spacious hall; finely decorated
throughout; finished basemen's and ntt ins ; must
be seen to be appreciated; one located on the
N \\ . corner of 2 •"- 1 }i and Diamond sts.; lot 35 fe«t
front: the finest home and site In the Mission:
the other is located on . Golden Gate aye., between
Baker and • Lyon, and Is almost completed. For
terms apply to t>< . A.; BOKN. owner and builder.
4079 Twenty-fourth St., near Castro.
ASY~TKKMSniB~~MINUTr.S OF KKARNY
St.: $500 cash: Ji-story house: 7 rooms, bath,
gas: high finished basement; Geary st., near
Cook. £ P. E. TROY, Owner, SOI California st.
AM ISSION COTTAGES. ;- "
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
.cars Hi 24th .^t. and Potrero aye.: all street work
finished; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
Fiv<?-room cottage.
$1800— Four- room cottage.
$1660— Four-rocs cottage. ' '
SOL GJETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A. First Floor, Crocker Bunding.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL. .'
. Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments xre easier than rent.
© 1 OH TO $250-LOTB CAN BE BUILT ON
1 UU at once; near Mission and San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only «6 monthly payments.
.- . SOL «ETZ A BROTH
Cj 7 c 1 0 $12U0-BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAR
•+p % «J electric lines, north and. south of park;
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hlft, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated College.*;
85 and $10 monthly payments.
. ' HOL OETZ A BROTHER.
- Call for maps and diagrams. -■-.', ~ " "
SOL GET?, & BROTHER,- Owners,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Buldlng..
C. BEMIS. ' -■ ■• : : ■■•"■ ■- ■-:>-■- -- .■■ -...-. ■*"
• KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGKNT, '
:; 824 MONTGOMERY -
FOB SALS.
/ $2600— 8. sld<" of Btanyan sV bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
• $450— San Carlos Vllta lot; 100x150 feet. -
$8700— 60x127:8 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.: . -. .. :_: :
16000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms . each at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electrio road paeses houses;
make offer. - - » .%'-",-'■, ■ ;...-■ /-..-.: -■-•• . .-.
$2500— 2-story 8-roocned. house on 1 Harrison st*
bet. First and Fremont. . ■ :. . . ■ - -.>;•• •■■ * • ■•
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$200— Choice building lots north ot Dark.
CrTJ^JREAX^ESTATTE^
AN OPPORTUNITY FOR' INVESTORS: $250
cash, balance about same as. rent;. we will sell
a lovely cottage. of five or six rooms for actual
amount of mortgage. ■ ■
(»OCKA BUYS TWO LOVELY NEW PLATS
<JpOUUV/ near seventeenth st.; rented, $30.
©FLAAA. 4 FLATS: NR. TTH AND MAR-
tpOUUv/. kef. rents $41. • i a
®7£Afl 4 NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
3D I O\J\J. Pine St., near Webster; rents $70.
\ 1(\(\ BUYS * 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS
iJiiUl/on a carline only few blocks from
City Hall ; rented, $47. . '
©11 -AHA COB.: 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAR
,«S>II. UUU line: rented, $116.
©1 Q f\f\(\ ELEGANT 14-ROOM CORNER
<J)1O. residence on Van Ness aye. . '
Other good bargains.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
<m i r A A CASH,S'JOOO ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
iJLoUU a lovely home on 16th St., nr Market;
choice neighborhood; near cable-cars: nice gar-
den; basement: cement sidewalk. A. M. SPECK
A CO., 602 Market. ■ -
ÜBBTANTIAL, : MODERN HOUSR - BUILT
at from $1 60 to 1 $275 a room : call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission st. .
-^~~ CXAIUVOI'ANTS. ;
Ha CTS. ■ -50 CTS.———— — 60 CTS. j
UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS.. »
MME. STEWART, THE, 7TH DAUGHTER. '
Tea 1 past week has been unprecedented In the i
history of this marvelous woman's success.
Crowds continue to throng her old rooms and beg !
for an audience with the acknowledged "Queen of
Clairvoyants." She who of the many who can
forestall "Destiny." and accurately foretell the
events that make or mar the liven of every man
or woman. Consult her weird and occult powers
and be convinced as she makes . others prosperous
and happy; so will her powers be impartially at
the disposal of all. Mme. Stewart has read the
cards since 11 years of age, and as a clairvoyant
and trance reader she Is unsurpassed. - Accurate
and minute details given on -ail business invest-!
| ments, speculations and financial nifliculties. An I
exact I.Keness' <.f your, future husband or wife
produced on a common piece of paper. See her
for a few remaining days. Parlors 3 and 4, 917
Market st.
OL'CCIISS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED.
k? Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice •on ■ bu&iness speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces: settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with' the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of he»rts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy st.
Hours from 9 to 9 dally and Sundays. j
AN A THE GYPSY. '. I
This remarkable woman has just arrived from '
. the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
and causes speedy aid happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk &U
ME. STEWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER !
of the seventh daughter, still astonishes the j
city by producing exact likeness of your future ;
husband or wife; the greatest trance clairvoyant '■
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere >
she sails for Europe: she guarantees to bring back
lost love: makes peace and happiness in the home. I
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 .Market st. ' ". ■
VI ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
-IVL precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Booms 44-46, 806
Stockton st. ; elevator. - - -' .
MX. PORTEK. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY- '
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and '
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 128 Turk st.,. nr. Jones.
O.YOU WANT SOMt SOUL-SATISFYING |
truth? Then visit Mme. Savior, the recognized
queen of clairvoyants; ladles 25c: gents 50c; |
satisfaction guaranteed. 135 Hayes st. [
UETUUNEU, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells pas:,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MX. ARNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 60s and $1, shows you the plctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. I; A V ! . A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
-*1 business advice: name* glven:26cup. 6 Fourth.
EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; FEE
25c. 41 Minna st., near Second, basement.
ME. SYBILLK Tl-.LLS FROM CRAULK TO
the grave: fee 25 ce:iu. 914 O'FarreU St.
EST CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST IN
the city: fee only 50c 29 Eddy street.
RS! KNIGHT, 'CLAIRVOYANT. CARD
reader: fee 60c; ladles only. 714 Leaven worth.
GYP6Y LIFE-READER:; LADIES 25c;
gents tOe: all <iuestions answered. 5 Seventh.
iss~m. JULANA ROLLINS MENTAL mag-
netic healer. 850 Market. rooms 30-31.
IlUltALlsil. ~ ~
A LL CHALLENGES ACCEPTED. "
w . ■ ■ . . - . . . . ....
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO BE CONVINCED.
DON'T BE TAKEN IN
And deceived by so-called mediums and healers
who promise yon everything the world affords and I
assure you nothing. MRS. ; ill. MIRANDAS is a |
permanent resident at 1728 Market st. Shecon- i
vinces al of her wonderful spiritual power. She
is the strongest medium and most successful henler
of the age. her success 19 best evidenced by the
crowds. both rich ana poor, which const nly
ihroiu her parlors. Hundreds are dying dally
whose lives could be prolonged and restored to
health by her wonderf I revealed medicines. La-
dles can consult hr with 'confidence. In
all diseases peculiar to their sex. With hi-r won-
dertul power and exhaustive stuay stie has enabled
dally by her revealed medicines men and women i
to help themselves and be their own physicians. -
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS curei all tioubl*sof|
sickness from whatever cause arising; gives t-dvice
on divorces, speculation; tells whether s ocks will
rise or fall; causes speedy ana happy marriages,
and unites the separated. Call aud be convinced.
You will learn something of your life and disease
you never knew before. Diagnoses disease from
lock of hair, Sittings $1. . Letters - with stamp an.
swer^d. - - .-■ .... _ . ..,.,. •
1728 MARKET ST., NR. VAN NESS.
Cut this out as It will not appear every day. .
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living!
M Its. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past. Is
again at her old office.*, 13-0 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write' to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the nick made strong : the
poor become rich; It yon think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
hUh above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to, and no
matter of how long standing. . Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered. !
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. «"''■•
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. UK. A. D. HOWE, -
. 1320 Market st., odd. Seventh,
. . - ' San Francisco.
melvTnT.clairvoyant-
of future husband and wife. TUti i a Howard.
I IS H OP ARRIKO >', 1370 MAItKKTi SEAN-
I > ces Tuesday; Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
• writer. 118 Halght st ; hours 9 until 6P. m.
RH. KATE HOSKIN!^ TRANCK AND BL r
ms» medium: slttlnsr* daily: $1. lSßOakst.
ASTKOLOUY.
«trT) u)gyTn dlie^jdTcink'n ATivrriEs
xV. or questions answered: Prot Howard's vital
remedies lore health. till Hyde St.. 10 to 3. - -
• PROPOSALS.
•proposals fo|t whitening and tin?
X ing schoolhouses— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In open session ■of . the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
29, 1896, «l 6:30 o'clock p. it., tor whitening and
tinting the classroom s'and halls of . the fol owing-
named school buildings In the city and county of
Pan Francisco: Broadway, Buena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement, - Cooper, ' Columbia, Crocker, Den-
man, Edison, Emerson, ■ Everett, - Falrmoant,
Franklin, Fremont, Garfleld; Girls' High, Golden
Gate, . Haigbt, Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant. Horace Mann, Humboldt. Irving;
John Swelt, Jefferson, ' Lafayette, Le Conte, La-
cuna Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow,' Lowell Hlgb,
Madison. Marshall, Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House, . Pacific Avenue,- Pacific Heights,
Peabodyr Polytechnic; Redding, ' Klchmoml. Rln-
con, Sherman. ■ South " Cosmopolitan, : Sheridan,
Sooth San Francisco. Spring Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Butro, Washington, Webster. -.West
End, • Whlt'leT and ; V» Infield Scott schools; all
work to be done In accordance uUh specifications
on file at the storeroom of .the School Department,
corner Pine and Larkln sts. Each bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the above-named : building*. The board - reserves
th* right to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. - ■■ - •■> ■•-•
TvW-- . GEORGE BEANSTONV Secretary,
PROPOSALS • FOR A STONK BULKHEAD—
X sealed proposals will be received .by the Super-
intendent of Common . Schools in open session of
. the Board of Education, new City ' Hail, W.-iu Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday. Jut--- 22, 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. it., (or constructing a stone bulkhead at
the : Lafayette Primary I School, in (he . Cltv ■ and
Couuty of Sau Franciico. In accordance with the
specifications ; (and . the conditions .mentioned
therein) at the office of Charles I. Havens, archi-
tect of the board, room 55, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market etre» a. A The - board reserves
the ri?ht to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. tdtsH»*Mttb^a!<»»«a*§gfefsiiEm
Gt-ORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
_ COUNTRY RE AX>> KSTATE. ; _
'FAR R ELL & CO.; • • - "-V ■- Ti ! "
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT, !
1 - 11 MONTGOMERY ST.
© 4 PER ACRE, FOX 5000 ; ACRES SUIT- I
Vi> ated near Eden Valley, Mendoclno' Count;-, |
with summer and winter range; well watered
; and wooded ; 2 4-room cottages, barn, stable,
blacksmith shop and corral: 1500 sheep, 70:
head of cattle, all the farming tools on the
place; one of the cheapest and best ranches
in Mendocino County: part cash, or would
exchange for San if rancisco or Los Anue'.es
- Income property. --■•. . . °
SRfifSnO^ A BEAUTIFUL PLACE OF!
<|PI;UUU4I4 acres at Ben Lomond, Santa Cruz !
County, with nice house nxl Improvements; '
a healthful, beautiful place, only a few mm- i
utes walk to aero:. ' * >-■•• ' -• •■. ■
.^BOOO FOH " ACRRS . ALL OUT IN
yp<J\J\J\J full-bearing orchard Of prunes, peaches
* etc., at Coyote, IS miles from 'an Jose,
- -Santa Clara County; fine new bouse costing
■ over 55000, and line Improvements; this is
a foreclosure and a (treat bargain.
SJftnnn fOil HANDSOME PLACE at!
ig)\J\J\jyj Fruitvale: lot 200 by 177; fine house :
Of ](j rooms, barn and oiitbullding:.all hand- I
somely improved; would exchange for San
-• Francisco property. '■'■>■•
CgOAAA 4"i ACRES. 6 MILES FROM ST. I
«JPOUUV7. Helena on Howell Mountain, with a ;
nice furnished house of 6 rooms, 3-room cot-
tage, sab c and clileken-hoiises; 0 acres in '
..,- , nil-bearing vineyarJ ; 572 French, prunes A
,<., . , years old with family orchard In full bearing;
lovely climate and beautiful view. .... : ■ .
QOXAA 7.39 ACRES 1 .MILK FROM BAN
is)*j<J\j\J. Mateo, adjoining Colonel Haywards'
1 ■ property: house, stable and chicken- ]
houses: a bargain. ;s- ■---.-•- -■ • •
CM (\(\(\ FOR 26 ACI:E-\ 2% MILES FROM ;
tJP-LUU\7 Martinez;- vineyard, orchard, house, j
' barn and Improvements. ...-.,,'
We have some of the. greatest bargains in im- '■
proved fruit, vineyard, grain and slock ranches i
that were ever seen In this State, as also some 1
fine Income properties for exchange. -Call for par-
ticulars. • • ■ . .:-..-.,•■ ■■ ;: ■■.;.• .:..'■ .
4 Ann 240 acres ON MAIN COUNTY
<ptIUUU. road in Pleasant Valley: house of 11
rooms; large barn: plenty of water and wood: 140
acres under cultivation; will exchange. for house
and lot In Oakland. ; ... ■ .-■ --■■ ...: : :.. •
CM e\(\ TO $250 PER ACRE FOR SMALL
<pXUU tracts near Woodsldei San Mateo County;
some of the fines, land in the state: just the place
for a nice home; call and inquire about this.
i EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building. ;
"POB RENT.
Those beautiful and finely located springs in
Sonoma County, near Russian River, fine building
completely furnished: iron, magnesia, sulphur and
other springs; also 240 acres land included; nouse
now filled with summer boarders; rent reasonable
to a responsible party.
, EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building. |
ANTA CRUZ COUNTY. . '.
<a*qnA. 22 v a ACRES, near WATSON- j
is)O\J\J. ville; 6 acres in orchard, acre In
vine*. 4ln timber; houae, barn; ' plenty of spring
and running water; easy terms. ■ .
©9000 29 ACRES; 900 BEARING VINES;
\f\f\J. 10 acres in orchard; about 1500 bar-
ry vines; 6 acres in hay; 4 acres in spuds; good
improvements; on the main county road; adjoin-
ing post office: this is positively a bargain.
" ' -' ' CONTRA COSTA COUNTY . '■ '
CM f\{\(\ 10 ACRES; 1 MILE FROM* TOWN:
•jpXOVV/. good improvements; 3 acres In fruit
and vines: plenty of water; Includes slock and
farming implements; easy terms; send for cata-
logue. v . '■.. .• .- - ->••' : . t •
R. P. QUINN, 53 Chronicle building, San Fran-
cisco. ' - : . , . ;;■;■..;■; •,-.-.;... .■
EAUTIFUL AND PRODUCTIVE FRUIT
farm In Alameda County: 45 acres; 20 in fruit
and nuts In full bearing ; a large crop: living
stream and county road in front; superior soil:
bordered by magnificent live oaks; wa.tr piped to
house and barn: price, including everything, re-
duced to $6000: very easy terms of paymen'.; a
prompt purchaser sscuras the crop. ALBERT E.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. .. ■■ .
£{{•"> A A HALF ITS COST; 280 ACRES;
v±)\JiJ*J\J. Sonoma County: fruit, poultry, stock;
few miles to railroad and steamer. Address H. C,
box 87, Call Office. ...',..
TNEYARD OF 60 ACRES; 6 YEARS OLD;
all resisting stocx; finest In the State; a bar-
gain. J. T. PETERS, Mills building. .
QA ACRES LEVEL LAND' 3 MILES FROM
OU Santa Rosa: of no use to owner; will sell at a
sacrifice. J. J. O'ROURKE, 902 Broadway. Oak-
land. \ . ■ .
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
gracing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
■\ * A RIN COUNTY'— ACRES V' 6 MILES
i"l from city; lo any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. I Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
xI- est in the State; selling In tracts. 5 acres up-
ward. *35 per acre: adjoining lauds held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell; 1% hours inn S. F.;
easy terms: title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
LITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market si, 3. 'P.
END FOH OUR LIST OF ORCHARD IiO.MKS
lor sale. WOOSTKR <fc WHll'luN. San Jose.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THH
WEEKLY. CALL. la wrapper, for mailing.
JPItOPiSKTX TO KXUUANUIS.
A^HNOWI^JSFrA^!DTST^^?)A^LXND^O
exchange for Los Angeles property, improved
or unimproved.- - ■- . ... ■ - ■-.... — . •
A Broadway business block; cash value 8150.-
-000; will consider as part payment property in
San Francisco, Improved or unimproved, to the
amount of $80,000.
60-acre fruit ranch; 2% miles from Oakland;
an Ideal home; for sale at a bargain, or will ex-
change. ' .' ■ ! - - - ' : .
High-clas? residence property in Oakland, Cal.,
to exchange for Kansas City .property; value
$15,000. » '.■.-.'■..' ]
25-acre fruit ranch, 3 miles from Oakland, highly
improved, to exchange for ranch land in San Luis
Obispo County. ; ,•. ■ .- ■ ■ . •
A good lot to exchange for horse, boggy and har-
ness, or good driving team. :J. 8. MYERS,
■ • . . : : > 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OR EXCHANGE— a LOTS IN STOCKTON,
near electric road, $1000, clear; 12 lo's, Acton,
Los Angeles County, $1000, clear: modern cot-
Inge, 5 rooms and stable, Oakland- Bairk Mort-
gage, $1250; modern 7-room house. Pacifieavenue,
santa Cruz, batik mortgage, $3000; 160 acr^s.
Howell County, Missouri, $1600, clear: bargains
Inhoutesand lots for sale. BKNHAM THOMAS,
465 Ninth St., Oakland.
OUS.E AND LOT IN east OAKLAND for
park lots. DECKER, 1020 Market st. -
TTOUSE AND LOT IN A TTLE EXCHANGE
XX for ranch. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
O GOOD KANCHKs (I/LEAH) EXCHANGE
4u for a business. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
EXCHANGE — NICK LITTLE STORE IN
Temescal for ranch ; also an 8-room house on
Clalrmpnt aye. for Improved ranch. Address 112
New Montgomery st. . • .'..■-,.- . ■ . -
T?OR EXCHANGE FOR city income PROP-
X 1 erty. 60 acres near San Jose, Cal. ;-% orchard
in bearing, Vi bare land: cash value $21,000. - Ad-
dress 14 L. 8., box 11, Call Oflice. .
19Q(| ACHES TIMBER LAND. KERN CO.;
l^ifJXJ vrnict: tine for cut- <■■■: N..bx,l6.Cail
~~ PKOPKKTY WANTED. .'
W ANTED^^rrIS7cR^TN~^F^K^LIcTr~OR
» » Oakland, house 7 to 9 rooms; lot not less than
45x100; state location and cash price; none but
principals need reply. P. O. box 285, Oakland, Cal.
; monk*" 'I'O. LOAN. '.
ANY AMOUNT ON I BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low: private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. .. .;. ' :.
A DVANCJSS ■ ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A. jewelry, also oo furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest . rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings. .
1!ll flfl (\f\f\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
«IDXUU.UvU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUOKBEB A t'U, - -218-220
Montgomery st. . .
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
<>3t per month for each $1000; same "rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance, coin, box •£. Cull.
VI ONEY LOANED O.V" JKWJtLitV AND
i>l other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1100Marketst..or. Musoij: private entrance 7. Turk.
"I \IRECT ON YOI'K FURNITURE OR PiANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. t>S, Donohua bldg, 1170 Market
NY AMOUNT; IST. 'ZD or aITMOBTUAUKjJ:
estates, undivided interests, real estate la pro-
bate. McC'OLCiAN. 24 Mont both room 3. .- .■: -
I 8T & 3D MOItTGAOKS; : INTEKESTS IN K.-J-
Xtate«;lowest rates:no delay .MURPHY, 62B Mrlct.
A DVANCE3ONDIAMONDS.JKVVELKY, ETO
J\ Colombia Loan <& Collateral Office. V Grant aye.
; fAWNitxtoKisßa; ~~^
AT . 128 " KEARN Y « ST., ROOM . 9— MONEY
.loaned, -watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: nledgpa for sale cheap.
... _.:;■ .■.;.;. money WANTED. .-..'"
W^~A^f£r7^sod"AT"f^Kß^Ki^"^KM)66
worth of country real estate for security. Ad-
dress C, box 149. Call Office. r. . „
ANTED- BORROW $500 FOR 1 YEAR;
will give bonds; real estate in probate as se-
curity. Address K. E., box 101, Catl.
W ANTED— LOAN"OF $5000 TO $7000: GOOD
" security. Address F. G. WILSON, Brooklyn
Hotel. San Francisco. . .... ■■>■-.- - . . - . « •- ■
PROFESSIONAL CAKD*.
W-ILIiM. DEED?. .-ETC. 'xJsONTAG, ATT'Y
-Tf : and Notary, 116 Markirt; re 5.. ,2126 Howard.
JOHN K. jt;iCHARDS, La W OFFICE*,: ROOMS
and 27, Crocker- building;, telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal. • ■:, ■■: •::■•■ •r- ■ ■ '■".■ ■ . -
JOHN K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O attys at law, rms 516,516, sth floor, Parrott bids.
^. . . ...... , EDUCATIONAL. , «.
S"^iETiRXi^?sTrrWFrXuBUR~N?CALr~"'
O Select boarding-school for young ladles: cli-
mate unsurpassed. . Full corps of special teacher
Limited to thirty. boarders. • Prepares for unlver-
sit., teaching or for lite. First term begins Au-
gust 19. Send for prospectus. JW.H. DE BELL,
A. .11., Principal. <v '■■"■■'■ ■ .■. "
TIF.HL's* COLLEGE, 723 MARKET ST.,
offers unsurpassed -, advantages and ■ induce-
ments in - shorthand, bookkeeping, penmanship,
typewriting, i English branches, | laneuagps, c c.:
expenses less than at any other college. LKON
and HI. A SPII'.HL, proprietors. '
RS. MELVILLE SNYDKK, ; 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; 1 iano; elocution: practical
Shakespearian and general dran atlc acting a spe-
cialty; vocal classes Monday," 8 p. m.: *1 a mon'.h.
M~ KS. A, LUTHER, LKSS-ONB O-> PIANO,
guitar and banjo; 25c. 1241 y 2 Market st.
VKES". THE 'LEADING SHORTHAND' COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery ax. ; Individual instruc-
lion !n shorthand, typing, keeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week: and month.
uRLAm i I'a LYCKUM !!<)ui.~ol' ACTING—
1' Private theatrit-al»arransed; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1." O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O clmtilcal engineering, survey ing, archit«ctnre-
aasay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEf?,723Mkt.
ELOCUTION. DKAMA. DELSABTE, PHYSI-
XJ cal - culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged.' 299 Hyde st.. : call after 1 p. M. ' ■
tJ"RB,\N SCHOOL AT 2T?4 'OALIFOUNIa ST.
, I opens July 27, 1896. N. ■W. MOORE, Prln.
Alma K. HYER. PIANO, mandolin, ban-
jo studio. 405 Geary, R. 17; hours Btolo p. M.
BOOKKPN v, WRUNG, AKITIIM IV,
day & night : nocla~Bf>s: month. 815 Mission
n UITAH HANDUHN. piano and vocal
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MarVVvEHTHaUS. S9 Fifth.
I L. OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY .U'E,
■*■■> Berkeley, special classes lor me universities.
SHORTHAND LESSONS AT NIGHT; TERMS
O $2 per month. Address S. H., box 85, Call.
VI USIUIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
-Li- in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
p KOFES.9OR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GKIUVKN, VOICE-IMPKOVEK.
Ninth st. -."- -■'.-■ :; ■.•-,■-
-"" :- : ".'';•.:./'• i.os». : 't; /'"■ r:V
T OST-A PASS^mH^WrrIITIIE^HIBE^BNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of .MAKGAHKT YOUNG, No. 133,249.
■The finder will please return to bank. . : •„ -•■;
! T OST— BUCKSKIN PURSK. DOUBLE CLASPS,'
\ I■> containins $90 in gold; liberal reward to the
tinder. Call 107 Beale St.. city. " ■
OST— A- PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of saa Francisco, in
the. name of ANDREA DERGANS, No. 207,081.
The finder will please return to bank.' - ■- ■ . •
ATTOiiJiKYS-AT-t,AW. .
"~A^V^E^^E^iiTv^ttC^i^V^~A^Pß^^
xV alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
i tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 650 Market.
lE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS?
J. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California.
F. ARAM, ATT'Y-AT-LAW,6BIPARIiOTT
• bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NO PUB-
llcity ; advice free, confidential. P.O. box 2132.
W. K I NG, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. CHRO N-
• icli* D.'cic: advice fr^e; moderate: open evngs.
'-:-: -:-' : TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— 9OxIOO: LAROFr^BTTILDTrra:
suitable: for manufacturing - purposes; corner
Seventh and Bryant sts. 411 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAt ESTATE. ;;~
CtQ/IHA A FINE CORNER LOT 40x100 ON
tjpOttUU. Jackson st., near Bth. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. -■
Q>9 7 A A~2-STOR V 6-R6OM~HOU"SE; BATH;
<lp^ I "v. high basement: all new and modern
In every particular: 100 52x100: corner of Twenty-
fifth aye. and Twenty-third St., Ea<t Oakland;
easy terms. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway
©1/1 AH SISW 6 ROOM, 2-STORY HOUSE;
«4Pl^rv". all modern; lot 26x11 1; Valdezst.,
near Park aye. ; small cash payment and balance
on monthly payments. a. H. 'BLOW, 1010
Broadway, Oakland. - •-• '■■ ■• I -
(E;Ct||A- 8 ROOMS, ALL NEW AND MOD-
i>FOO\J\Ji- em; 2-story residence; lot 40x90;
Brush st., near Twelfth St.; this property Is a great
bargain, and must be sold by August 1; easy
terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
fflift^nfi 8-ROOM NEWCOLONIALHOUSE:
ttpUtM'V/. 2-story, bath, basement and all moa-
ern in every respect; southwest corner West and
Nineteenth sis.: lot 60xi00; easy terms. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
40%n WE WILL BUILD YOU A2-STORY
— — ell/. 6-room house for $2250 or an 8-room
r for $2500; lot 40x126: in the Grove-si. Tract; on
Grove St., near Russell: monthly payments. A.
j H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
ipOH SALE— OR 5 ACRKS; ALL IN
£ bearing fruit: good house; 2 barns; chicken-
houses, etc.; free water piped to house and grounds;
on electric . road; sightly - location; as a whole,
$5500; 3% acres, with buildings, $4000; worth
double the money. BENHAM A THOMAS, 465
Ninth st.. Oakland. " ■ . ' '.' ■ -
<J> eft C A no CASH DOWN and only . $30
*ip±j I *J\J. per month fora new modern house; 8
rooms, bath, electric bells, etc,: lot 35x100; nicely
located. ALDEN A KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. ' -
S. MYERS, 1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
$8000, 2V4 acres In Fruitvale; near local sta-
tion and electric cars; fronts on 2 of the finest
residence streets; can be subdivided to good ad-
vantage; 4. bouses on the property, all rented;
mortgage at the bank. $6000; will exchange for
clear property. .... ...
10 lots, $1000, in Fltchburg, Oakland suburb, at
local station and electric car* ' . . -■■■
■ $2700— Mortgage £2500; anew house; 8 rooms;
bath: on Vernon Heights; convenient to cars;
sightly: large lot; city conveniences; Al neigh-
borhood: see It: first come, first served. J. S.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
QE\t\f\ CHICKEN AND PIGEON BUST-
<jp UUVr. ness: 2 acres In East Oakland. ALDEN
A KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway. .
OCnA 5 ACRES IN = FRUITS: GOOD
— «JVv/. house and. barn, etc., at Healdsburg:
I will exchange for house and lot In Oakland or Ala-
meda. ALDEN A KRONENBERG, 902 Broad-
way. -: .■ - .-■'. y :; ; . .. ,; . . :,.- ......
«a* I QFIA.' LOVELY - COTTAGE HOME;
tiPXOUv/. large lot; good location; cars 1 pass
door; reduced from $2760; must sell: $1000 can
remain. F. C. WATSON. 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
71 LOTS AND UPWARD— LLKNDALK
«35 • O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot- of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home; streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a fine school "with* 2 elect 1c roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. : 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON owner. - . -
ALAMEDA. ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
g ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.. |
F'^O^rSALE^ON^AC^O^N^^F^E^A^TURE^
a modern 2-story dwelling; 11 rooms, bath. etc. :
grounds, 75x175: furnished if desired. :- ; For: par-
I ticulars apply on premises. 2241 Pacific r.ve., near
j Park st.. Alameda. A very fine new Stein way
I piano also for sale. .- ' . . '.■.• .. .-.
FOR SALE— ~" .- - .- - - "~~~
House 8 room's and batb, Central aye. : house 4
rooms, Grand St.; cottage 8 rooms, Everett st.:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban Francisco property. Apply ■■ -.--><.■• J' ;
- • ,,: - --. KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
• ■ • 638 Market st.»
" •'•■■"-'■■ San Francisco, Cal.
CJQ9CA 2-STORY, 7-ROOM HOUShI, COT-
i4pO.<-Uv. tage, 6 rooms, large lot: former price
$4500: must be sold. T. F. , AIR D, 1303 Park
St., Alameda. - ■  ?..; ;■
FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS DOWN WILL
buy a 2-story. house near station. Apply at
1536 Willow St., Alameda. ; , r ■:. -,-.'
®O«)wA LOVELY COLONIAL COTTAGE
— *jO\J, of 6 large rooms: all improvements,
street work. ' J. H. YOUNG, .Ii?43 Park. Alameda.
Qt<Ar U| BEAUTIFUL NE W : MODERN
tjJUVUU. two-story house, finely' finished and
beautifully frescoed; .large rooms: Central aye.,
one niock west of s Park st.; it will surely pleas*
you; investigate; terms to suit. G. IS. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AI.AMJSD A BOOMS TO LET.
O UKOnJuNNY CO^JCK^TINir^ROOMii,
— with »lcove;- furnished or unfurnished; half
Work from-Encirial station. 1378 Webberst.-" ' -
.. ; r.JKU IvJKLIi V KJi AL KbXATii.
si^-ro6m5 i^-ro6m modern cottage.. ...„/.:;.. 51256
5- room modern cottage.: '.$lOOO
4-room cottage, hard-finished.. ....,....'...... S7SJ
3-room cottage, partly rlnislW .$460
F. BOEGLK, Golden Gate Station.
AYE RENT— ONLY $1500; MODERN, NEW
4-room -cottage; 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent; 40-foot lot. - M. L. WUItTtJ,
opp. Dwlght-way station. 1 ' ." ' '-;'/-:..'■'•
OOJL» HOMES: FOR- RENT OR FOR SALS
on easy: terms. O. G. MAY A CO.. real estate
and buildlnir. 2123 Center St., Berkeley. .v,
JOSEPH J. MASON, -REAL- ESTATE and
O Insurance agent. Berkeley statn, adjoining bank.
•- BISKKKLiiV HOUSES.
"]^iCE MODERN COKN "eR "'-"'"h' . OMK "^A^ND
X^ ■ stable: . part or all i furnished or unfurnished;
near tiriiver uy. A.. box 3. Cal. Qflic, Oakland.
BEEKKLEY KOOUS AND BOAKI>I>G.
pULTURED IIOM E FOR .YOUNG ' LADIES
\J attending college: sunny rooms; excellent
table: 1 block from university: references re-
I quired. Address R. R., Berkeley, Cal.
1314
HOrSES^TO^JLJET;
HOUSE, 702 O'FARRELL ST., NR. HYDE; 7
large rooms and bath: basement and yard;
rent $40; watT free. Apply to EASTON, KL-
DRIiXiK A CO.. 638 Market st.
OUSE, 515 O'FARRELL ST.. NR. JONES- 9
rooms, bath, basement and yard: rent reason-
able. Apply to fcASTON, ELDKIDGE <fc CO.,
tt J8 Market su ____——
'41 HAIKHT,- NR. BUCHANAN— HOUSE;
010 10 rooms and bath: beautiful view. Apply
toEASTOX. KLDRIDUE A CO., 638 Market su
/CORNER HOUSE; 1137 ELLIS ST., COR. OC-
\J tavia; 10 rooms and bath: sunny. Apply to
EASTON, KLDKIDGE <t CO., 638 Market St.
~\A(\4 WEBSTER ST.. NEAR O'FARRELL:
14U4 house of 9 rooms aud bath: basement
and yard: rent $40. Apply to EASTON, EL-
DRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st. ■__
RESIDENCE: 1115 GEARY, NEAR VAN
Ness, house of la rooms, bath, billiard-room,
incandescent lights, stable, etc. Apply to *>ao-
TON. ELDRIDGK A CO., 638 Market su
HOUSE, 621 LOMBARD. NEAR POWKLL: 6
rooms and bath; yard and basement: low rent.
Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., 638
Market st. ' ' '
-DACIFICHTB.; 10 R- : COMPACT. MODERN,
X artistic, or for sale: Vs. cash. bal. same as rent<
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 6*6 Market st- • ■'.- : -
AXE MERRITT DISTRICT. OAKLAND: 18
r.: elecant, modern, complete, or for sale; Vs
c«sh. bal. same as ren.. McCAKTHY CO., 646 Mkt
DOE SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
yards for flowers; charming location on quiet
street- clean and attractive; 7 rooms, bath,
laundry: unfinished bas-meut: $30. DKMPSTJSR,
36 Glen Part aye., off Twelfth st.
/mi A COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: 83 SHIPLEY
tlM'i. «v. near i-ourth (formerly Louisa).
SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Mont-
gomery at. - - ■ ■_*
OUSE 6 ROOMS: YARu FRONT AND
rear; $16. Apply 1825 Washington St., near
Jones. " ,
SUTTKR ST., NEAR TAYLOR— VERY
choice; elegant: spacious; reasonable.
A PPBECIATED IF SEKN; CHOICE FOR
A- doctor or dressmaker. 829^% Sutter, nr. Jones.
or m TWENTY-SECOND, SB. DOLORES— 6
oOOD nice sunny rooms and bath: rent cheap;
$12 50.
1 *» PAGE— HOUSE OF S ROOMS AND LARGE
XL stable. . . .
9 A MARY. NR. FIFTH AND MISSION—
£\) nice sunny rooms, cheap; HO. ■
rpKNEMENTS, 4 ANDS ROOMH; *10 AND $14.
X 812 Jessie St.. near Ninth: key at grocery.
7/ in LACKELAV E. , near I ( a AN -6-
I UO room bouse; $12; water extra; basement;
yard. ...
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUSE, S392TWENTY-
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence; very low rent, tree it.
OT^K; 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE 6
-_».). rooms and bath. - 121 Page St.
OUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10
Monteomery st. ' ' ' \ _
FUKNISH— .!> HOUSES.
FOX SALE CHEAP— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS;
nicely furnished. PHKLPS & CO.. 917 Larkin.
COTTAOKS TO LET.
pOTTAGEi STT%~TURk7 "nEAR~^OLkT~6
\J rooms and large yard. Apply to EASTON,
ELDRIDOE A CO., 638 Market st.
m.Q -A COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS. 18 PRO»-
tJpO.OU. COTTAGE; Twenty-seventh and
)O.«JU. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eigbth sts.. near Mission. -
OVELY MODERN 6-ROOM SUNNY COT-
tage: rent $15. 4392 seventeenth St., above
Douglass. ' ■
pOTTAGE FOUR ROOMS. 418 AUSTIN ST.,
\J near Gougb.
/COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. 2303 POLK BT.
V
(£.'Q !Z.f\ COTTAGE: FLAT, $10: <STH
«FO.OU. reduced. Owner. 1128 Valle}* st.
Q1 I 1 GOLDKN GATE AYE.. OPP. JEFFKR-
OJ. J. 2 son square— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath:
hot and cold water; basement; garden: rent $20.
ENT CHKAP; SUNN A COTTAGES; 4 AND
5 rms; bath, basement, yard. 15th A Dolores,
FURNISHED FLATS.
mo^B^NT^EXEGTNT^^U^^TsH^DnFL^r;
X 7 room*, bath. 1242 McAllister. NK.cor.Stetner.
FLATS TO LET.
1 QI '" HAIGHT, SKAB"STELVER^LOWER
U ii)» flat of 6 rooms and bath: rent $15; mod-
ern. Apply to X ASTON. KLDRIDGE A CO., 638
Market st.
SNAP-LOWER FLAT 2704 PINE ST.,
near Devisadero: 6 rooms and bath; sunny
side: modern. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE
& CO., 638 Market si.
THIRST CLASS— MIDDLE FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
r and bath; sunny side of street: 1024 Page st,,
near Devisadero; rent low. - Apply to EASTON,
EL.'KIDGti <fc CO., 6 8 Market St.
r--\ 91 SECOND, NR. BRANNAN, upper
\JX£'£ flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent «12: water
free. ADply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET ST., LOW
flat of 5 rooms, bath, basement and yard. No. 9
Dale Place, off Golden Hate, nr. Leavenworth; low
renu Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO.,
638 Market st. ■
UNNY, MIDDLE FLAT, 628 . HAVES, NR-
O Buchanan. 5 rooms and bath: reasonable renu
Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., 638 Mar-
ket st. , ■ . .
OW RENT— LOWE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
and bain (corner). 339 Thirteenth ur. Folsom.
Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO., 638 Mar-
ket St.
ODERNUPPER FLAT OF 6 BOOMS AND
bath (4 front rooms): rent moderate; i.'204
Union, nr. Fllimore. Apply to EasToN. ELD-
*KIDGK & CO., 638 Market st. .
(•A7 POST, NR., TAYLOR— MIDDLE FLAT
liU t of 6 rooms and bath: newly papered and
painted. Apply to EASTON, KLDIUDUK A CO.,
638 Market st.
MODERN. AND ONLY . 8 LEFT— THOSK
beautiful new 6 and 7-room flats, 976, 978,.
and 982 Post st.. near Larkin. Apply to EAS'ION,
ELDUIDGE « CO.. 638 Market St.
/CONVENIENT UPPER FLAT OF 6 t:OOMS
\J and bath: yard; rent reasonable: 2416 Clay
St., near Fillmore. Apply to EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE A CO., 638 Market st. .
LATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: SHIPLEY ST. NR.
X 1 Seventh: $7. $8. Apply to EASTON <t ELD-
RIDGE. 638 Market st.
T^O X FARE— UPPER AND LOWER FLATS
-L> of 5 and 4 rooms: low rent: 6 and 7 Cohen,
place, off Ellis, near Leavenworth. Apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.. 638 Market su
■\TE\V FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH; LATEST
XI improvements: 3107 Washington: rent
reasonable to good tenant. Apply to O'FARRELL
<fc CO.. 1 1 Montgomery st,
$11 •> PvA ELEGANT 4-KOOM FLAT, NEAR
«Ipl - .Oyt. seventh and Market sts. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st.
\* ARKET ST., NR. SIXTH (REAR OF 1019
I>l Murk t)— Flats of 3 and 4 rooms: rents only
$8, $10 and $12. Apply to BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery -<t. ..
PPEK PART OF CORNER BUCHANAN
sL and Laurel aye.: 5 rooms and bath; $20.
Inquire on premises, between, 10 A. M and 4 p. v.
fflj "I 1 FLAT THREE ROOMS, NOS. 6 AND 7
tii/U. Adelaide place, off Taylor, near Post.
<T.-| 1 • ALL NEW AND MODERN: 4 ROOMS;
»3D X < ' . nice neighborhood : cars. Sac. <fe Broderick.
"I^LAT 6 ROOMS, $15: ALSO 2 SUNNY COT-
X ta?es- 4 rooms: yard; $11 and $12. 623 Second
su, near uraiiuiui.
IriLATS TO LET: 615 GEARY ST.; 6 ROOMS
' and bath: rent $30: with water.
ffijQTO $11— UPPiiR LOWER FLATS: 3AND
ijp «7 4 rooms ; cellar; yard. 1008 Natoma, near
Eleventh. , . . -■-_».
■VfEW FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH: YARD;
-L> basement. 639 Minna st. ; key at 627.
C'la FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
<IpXU. Post su, near Polk. •
©11 THREE ROOMS. BATH. 411 THIR-
«J)11. teenth st., above Valencia.
UNNY FLAT. 4 ROOMS, HATH. 5 JULIAN
aye.. off Fourteenth St.. near Mission.
99£ TENTH st.— UPPER FLAT OF FIVE
*I— U rooms, bath: modern Improvements; yard.
707 HaYES,COR.~WEBSIER-^HANDSOME
Itll flat, 7 rooms, bath, cellar; sunny modern
improvements: rent reduced; key la grocery. :
ffliOC ELEGANT FLAT~6 ROOMS, BATH-
lip^O. ail new Improvements. 762 Foisom.
dft-||? SUNNY ' PLATS: 5 ROOM'S, BATH,
ijplU. stable. 135 Fair Oaks Bt.,nr. Twenty-third.
4&1 A WATER FKKK: PROSPEK ST.,
OKI. off Sixteenth: half a block from Market:
lovely lower 4-room flat; sun all day: key north-
west corner Seventeenth and Sanchez sts.
ft 79 BRYANT, Ml. FIFTH-- 3 UOOMS AND
U I — hall; separate entrance and yard; $10.
JQ7I H.-.IGHT— LOWER FLAT. 4 ROOM 8;
"3.0 I :i yard, basement; rent $11 50.
1 I7f\(* .FOS-T— 3 v ND 4 ROOM y FLATS:
X I UO garden, bath: $13 aud $16.
UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS AND BATH; NEW
furtiilur- for sale. • 512 Fell si. - •: ; • - ■
TTNE UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH. ETC..
X $22: lower flat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $.'5; both above in perfect condition: on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private l park, ■■ $16.
DEMPSTER, 36i'!cn Park aye., off 12th st. - .
\T<>B HILL FLAT OK 6 ROOMS AND. BATH;
XV sunny side; reasonable. 1002 Sacramento.
1 1 99 BROADWAY — FLAT. OF 4 ROOMS;
rLX'iii. rentsl4. ■•".'. 7 -v .-. ,'-.'■, . ....
I ft RAUSCH. NEAR HOWARD— NICE SUN-
ID ny fiat of 3 rooms: large yard; cheap. : ■
*> SUNNY FLATS— 7 > ROOMS, 22 60; •■:'%
*~ rooms, $25; bath; water irea. 'J3l sixth st. -
Cjji ft WATER FREE;,. LOVELY UPPER
ijpXO.'. modern sunny 5- room flat: 100 feet from
Cas ro cars. 4073 Twenty-third si.; key 4075.
T\EBIRABLE " SUNN V FLAT OP 7 ROOMS.
X) with bath and all modern improvements.
633 Bosh »:.. bet. Franklin and Gou^h; rent, ln-
••JncMnsr wat»-r. $42 50.
, FLATS TO LET- Continued.
T>EST FLAT FOR THE MONEY. .2sWfYlj£
D more at., near Washington. • =
'm,l O ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
j|lQ. 6 rooms, bath. 136 San Jose aye., nr. 24th. .
1 Q/\r7 STEINER, NEAR BUTTER— LOWER
lOt) I flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms: bath.
r All NINTH ST.— BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF
O\j£ 6 rooms ana bath: cheap. '
T^LAT-A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
r rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery »v
T\TBW FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
1> water free. 529 Ivy aye. __!__
VLfcUAAX NEW FLATS. SF.VKNTH ST.. BO-
)\ low Brrant. 5 an ! 6 moms. balh: $8 10 $16. •
, /iOlsKkhhFLN(i BOOMS.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY, OFF MISSION— SUNNY FUR-
nished housekeeping room with cooking uten-
Blls, $1 60. ' ' '•■ "
Bryant Street.
C-l -1 BRYANT, NEAR THIRD — -NICE,
Dxx sunny suit; $9 per month.
i-uav Street.
Q9Q EDDY -A SUITE OF LARGE SUNNY
ij£C> unfurnished parlors, with kitchen; gas
stove; rent reasonable.
<ll - EDDY— a UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS,
OLD range: nne location; private family; refer- j
ence. . ' .
, .v - i-».ie sue*..
rAQ ELLIB— SUNNY FRONT ROOM; FUR-
Ol'O nished complete for housekeeping; large
yard; $9. -
Elgin Park.
Q£J ELGIN PARK— 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
00 furnished complete; piano; reasonable.
.Fifth Street.
Q-l A FIFTH-2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
Oil kpa rooms: stove, closet, bath; private: $10.
QOC FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUSE-
OZiO keeping; 2, $10: 3, $13: single, $5.
hi 11 more Street.
fflj 1 A 8 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
gIU. family. 2212 JFillmore st., near Clay.
. Foliom Street.
;r 9A FOLSOM, BET. FIRST AND SECOND-4
t)£vf nice sunny unfurnished rooms; • large yard.
"I f\ 4 Qa FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY KITCHEN
iv/TtO and bedroom furnished for housekeeping;
$10. - -- .
Glen Park Avenue.
C GLEN PARK AYE.. OFF TWELFTH— 2
«-) sunny unfurnished rooms, closets, etc.
..oiueu Gate Avenue.
■I OAQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
I-\JO'j nisbed sunny front room; housekeeping.
Howard Street.
fT C Q HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
000 housekeeping room to rent; $7. ■
QAfi HOWARD-PLEASANT SUNNY BLITE
t/trD of rooms with kitchen. ,
-1 Q-l HOWARD— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
XOl O rooms; bath and laundry: no children.
1 QK/1 HOWARD. COR. TENTH— FURNISH-
-1 O'J't ed or unfurnished sunny bay-window |
suites for housekeeping; reasonable.
1 Qlld HOWARJD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH;
XO\ »W 3 or 4 sunny rooms, $8.
AQ HOWARD ST.— PARLOR FLOOR, 3
-OUi; nicely furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath, etc.; cheap: or will let entire
house; will take rent in board If desirable.
JLarkin Sireoi.
LARKIN — NICELY FURN I SHED
-I — >J sunny housekeeping rooms; alto single.
OiO LARKIN— LARGE SUNNY SUIT WITH
UIO kitchen complete for housekeeping.
Qf\A LARKIN— SUNNY. FURNISHED BED-
OUI room and kitchen. $9; double room, $7.
Pine Street.
£9"! PINE— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT I
\J£>\ bay-window room, suitable for 2 gentle- ;
men; $10; grate and gas. I
Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, S. BIDE OF GEARY ST., |
bet. Maaon and Taylor — Nice Sunny furnished ;
housekeeping rooms from $5 to $8 per month.
MARTHA PLACE, OFF OKARY, BET.
Mason and Taylor— Large room and kitchen.
BlcAilmtcr scree;.
99CA MCALLISTER — 8 UNFURNISHED
_^-O rooms; private family; references.
>» aiiiia " treat.
ml MINNA — LARGE FURNISHED
2 housekeeping bay-window room cheap.
V.ACK MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
J.U housekeeping; large yard.
C^Q MINNA— LARGE, NICELY FURNISH-
OrtO ed, sunny room for housekeeping; $8.
.».ou . ea..
'C/T MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
OO I keeping rooms, stove and sink in kitchen;
$10 per month. - -
QQQ MISSION— SUNNY BASEMENT. $9;
000 single and double rooms, $4 and $6 per
month.
QUA l MISSION— FURNISHED ROOM COM-
ODi2 plete for housekeeping; cheap.
Q'Q MISMION— 2 ROO^.S, NICELY Fuji- j
VOO nisbed, complete housekeeping: private ;
family. ■ ■ ■ ■ 1
New Montgomery Street.
IAC NEW MONTGOMERY-NEWLY PA-
l"i) pered and renovated; cheapest furnished
housekeeping suites id city; see them.
Ninth Street.
9-1 NINTH— 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT
£ I housekeeping; also single.
Oak Street.
<2»Q SUNNY CORNER FURNISHED ROOM
«JpO. $3 50; unfurnished room. 48 Oak st.
'. o'lurrell street.
FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED
X- rooms tor housekeeping; gas and bath. 214
O'Farreli st. < ■ ■ ■
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA—
2, 3 or 5 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
Perry Street.
ffl» Q FINE UNFURNISHED FLOOR 4 SUNNY
«!!>'.*. rooms: separate entrance! ; new house-
Rear 263 Perry st.
Pierce Street.
Q-l Q PIERCE, NEAR MCALLISTER— NEAT-
OXO ly furnished front suit, suitable light house-
keeping, with use of parlor, piano, bath; private
family.
Post Street.
n't C POST-ROOM /OR HOUSEKEEPING:
UIO $8: single rooms $5 to $8.
seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— SUITE OF HOUBEKEEP-
-1O I ing rooms, $12; transient $1 per week up. -
miil^ r<-n..
A I )Q SIXTH ST.-LARGE. SUNNY. NICELY
rtZjtj furnished front rooms for housekeeping. '
C9Q SIXTH — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
o^.o rooms, with cellar, for man and wife; $6.
South Park.
1 (* SOUTH PARK— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED OR
XU unfurnished housekeeping rooms cheap. -
Stockton, Street. -
NW. COR. STOCKTON AND FILBERT— 3
1.1 . rooms furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard; cheap.
lehaxna Street.
J>l9 CHEAP; UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS.
-LA. 716% Tehama st., near Eighth.
ir.-rv.r:-- Tenth '• Street.
m TENTH— OR THREE LOVELY
housekeeping; suitable for 4 adults; piano,
gas stove. '■■• ' - . ■• ' ■" ■- - ■'•-. ■ ■
Third. Street.
Q1 O THIRD— CLEANEST AND CHEAPEST
OX U housekeeping rooms in city; call and see
them. ..»'.:..
. , . . Turk Street.
F\AA TURK - SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
wit suite; housekeeping optional; single rooms;
terras moderate. '
• Twenty-sixth Street.
TWENTY - SIXTH, NR. MISSION—
OOU I nicely furnished, clean housekeeping
rooms; .rent low. . .... .... ..... ... ....
710 1 .VAN ness-elbgant sunny front
I XV suite; complete for housekeeping; $20. ".'
' Washington street.
RAO WASHINGTON - SUNNY tT NFU R-
»" a nished housekeeping rooms running water.
■-^ ItOOMn To -I,£TF. -. v
( •'■ . : Brady Street. •
79 BRADY, OFF MAKKET-3 ROOMS FUR-
I ii nished or unfurnished; rent cheap.
■./•-•" --.:•- Bush T Street. " ' • ."■ ■' ' . ': .
799 BUBH-LARGK~BU~NNY ROOMS- GAS.
I £jLt bath: also housekeeping rooms.
O^QTbusH-s"" UNFURNISHKD ROOMS:
Z.OO'i $13, and 3 furnished; $16; bay window.
. '. ' California Street.
91 cyt CALIFORNIA-FURNISHED ROOMS
** i-ii^X for gentlemen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
BOOMS TO I.XT- Continued.
. . Capp Street. . .
OC CAPP-4 SUNNY ROOMS TO-LET.
Eddy Street.
I! Q EDDY— RUNNY [SINGLE ROOM
110 for gentleman; $5 50. ;
I l Q KDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS $6
i -LO up; also front suite cheap.
f* (\ Q EDDY— ONE OR MORK SUNNY FUR-
\J\fO nished or unfurnished rms.; private family.
l-.»£iith btMWa
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 2J« BTH
O st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. ■•
X.llitt street.
THE RAMONA, 130 . ELLIS: MRS. KATE a
i. H ART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cola water.
HE CLIFFORD. 306 ELLIS— ELEGANT
X sunny rooms, single or en suite: reasonable.
0 I E. ELLIS— 2 ELEGANT PARLOR SUITES
0 1 O or doctor or dentist.
QOI ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOB BEST
O— I lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O__i CALHOL'N, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house: 60 rooms.
KOO ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED !
«J— — sunny suite; kitchen if desired; reasonable- !
EOQ ELLIS— UNFURNISHED FRONT PAR-
OZiO lors; running water; suitable for doc or.
QQQ ELLIS— SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
C^O'J to one or two persons; no children; refer-
ence required. ■ ■
if th Street.
O'jn FIFTH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
ZiOU double and single.
loUom street.
IQfil FOLSOM — NICELY FURNISHED
IOUI parlors; "also, single rooms; honsekeep-
ing if desired.
Fourth Street.
OOC FOURTH— SINGLE ROOM; $5 MONTH.
Cettry Street.
HA GEARY. NR. KEARNY-ROOMB AND
suites; day, week or month; country trade
solicited.
91 71 GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
«i-iJ- I 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
7 i ?(\ GEARY — DOUBLE PARLORS AND
I _-U kitchen for housekeeping.
rPHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
J. handsomely furnished suite*; single rooms: $10 |
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
UolUen bate Avenue.
9Q-I GOLDEN GATeTvE.-1 SMALL HALL !
—O J_ room and large sunny back room. ■-•■ : .' '
ri f- GOLDEN GATK— NICtLY FURNISHED j
O -LD sunny room : terms reasonable.
Harrison Street.
9(»9Q HARRISON, BET. TWENTY-SECOND
— D— .O and Twenty-third— 4 rooms: $9; water.
ashes free. ' -
Howard Street.
I7(\A HOWARD, ' CORNER THIRD— FINE
i Utr large front rooms, first floor, suitable for
clubrooms, or dressmaker: other rooms.
09 Q HOWARD— HAN DSOMK ROOMS, NICE
Ojuij and sunny, with bath. ■ '- .
-1 -I 90 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
11-u closets: $6; sunny rear rooms $1 week.
1O" HOW A l. D — NICK LARGE SUNNY
LZiO~i. furnished room; cheap.
Jessie Street.
AOO JESSIE— NICK SUNNY DOUBLE AND
TzOO single furnished rooms; cheap.
/•QQI JESSIE. NR.BTH— SUNNY FURNIBH-
UOO4 ed front room; private; cheap.
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny rooms; private.
907 .'I'NES-IHt VAN" WINKLE: NKW.
£i\J I management; elegant tunny suites and
tingle; newly jurnished; bath, etc.: 81U to SHU
r/\r JONES— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
*J\JO suites or single; for gents; reasonable.
•-• -1 11 v >itr«)«..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
/V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
\V r E HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT !
" Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Langton Street.
90 Ql LANGTON— 4 ROOMS AND STABLE.
Leavenworth Street.
CAT LEAVENWORTH, COR. O'FARRELL—
t»UI Large, sunny, nicely furnished rooms; run- '
ning water; grate; very reasonable; smaller from
rooms, $6 and $8. '
Linden <- venue.
9Q A LINDEN AYE., NEAR GOUGH-3 NICE :
— >)1 sunny rooms; planked yard; cheap to
small family.
tmrkxi Mice..
IQE (\ MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— HA ND-
| OuU somely furnished rooms: suites and single;
. by day, week or month. . -
\* OSKMITK HOUfK, 1045 MARKET— Tfcß
1 night, 85c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
I riUiE CHESTER, 1049 a MARKET *T.— !
j X der new management; first-cuss In every re- |
I spect; gas: running water; elevator service.
I Elegantly furnished suites and single rooms; :
I also offices: by day,' week or month; prices rea-
sonable.
Minna >tre«t.
CiC'7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
>ll»s,on >ireo;.
ft] Q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
UIO rooms. 16 to 50 cents per night; $1 to $2
per week.
1 nf^P; MISSION — SUNNY FURNISHED
XKJOO room: light housekeeping; $7.
9409 MISSION. Nit. TWENTIETH— NICE !
4U^t\JZj sunny rooms; furnished or partly fur-
nished: suites or single; private.
. - 'Natoma Street.
79C NATOMA— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS;
I ZixJ cheap; quiet: no children.
. > in tli street.
OP NINTH— SMALL SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
— *J room; $6. .
arrell street.
QQI O'FARRELL— SINGLE AND LARGE
ODX front rooms, newly nir.iished; rent cheap.
Pacific Street. ~~
Q1 7 PACIFIC— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS—
UK I parlor, bedroom and kitchen: $13 montu.
Page Street. .
QAQ PAGE— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
O\JO nicely furnished: bath: private family.
I'oik street.
71 7 POLK— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
111 gentlemen; bath.
"I 1 QO POLK. COR. MUTTER -NEW BUILD-
J- i- OO Ing; 2 sunny front rooms; reasonable.
lost street.
91 C POST— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
Z,l<J sunny suite tor gentlemen; $32.
111 POST— IOR 2 LARGE SUr«NY ROOMS,
XXX«J nicely furn sned; hot and cold water;
bath : vat« family. ■ . . '
Powell Street.
99c POWELL, COR. GEARY— NEWLY FUR
.I— »J uished large front sunny rooms.
Hitch Street.
9^l RITCH— I SUNNY FRONT ROOM; BT/IT-
JUrt% able for 2 gentlemen.
. IS uss Street.
3 BUSS, OFF HOWARD— LARGE FURNISH-
edroom: use of bath; suitable lor 2 gentlemen.
■ levemou Street.
At}Z. Stevenson; bet. fifth and SIXTH
tc— O —First floor; very convenient: fine yard;
basement. . .
I'll STEVENSON— SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
J. x room, furnished. ■ > '
'-. tuner »tree;.
QAQ BUTTER — FURNISHED ROOMS OR
OUO suites. $125 to $10 a week; night, 250 to
$150; transients solicited. ..:
7(|Q BUTTER, COR. TAVLOK— ELEGANTLY
I \JtJ uewly furnished sonny rms.: suite or single.
. Taylor . Street. .«-
-IHO TAYLOR— DOUBLE ROOMS $2 PER
Xv<7weeic; single $1 25. - .
■' Tehama Street.
OCA TEHAMA — NICELY FURNISHED
£iO\J room, suitable ' for man , and wife or two
gentlemen. ■ '
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET — LARGE
sunny rooms; housekeeping if desired.
1 OQ TENTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
I— O light housekeeping : rooms; ' also single;
cheap. .. . ■-,-■. .
'.* 'l uric Street. . '.
99>f TURK— LARGE PARLORS, WITH USE
XiZtt of kitchen. : .; .. ■••■. '", .
1 A*-IA Tt;R X — NEATLY FURNISHED
i "iOrr rooms to let. ■■.'-'. '
Van >e»» Avenne.
QAO VAN NESS AYE.— PLEASANT STJNNY
Oy^j hall room; also otner sunny rooms.
__■ ROOMS TO LET— Continued. . .
.Miscellaneous.
HANDSOME SUITES IN MODERN DOWN-
XX town flat, with piano, sun and running water;
fashionable and . quiet neighborhood; suitable for
discreet bachelor desiring first-class apartments.
Address H. s., box 10, Call Office.
CHOUGH. NR. PINE— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
* alcove room, and larpe room connecting; fur-
nished or unfurnished: board optional; private
family Address Reasonable, box 99, C«ll Office.
HP HE ALBEMARLE, COR.. MASON AND
■*■ Market— Elegant sunny suite, fronting Market
St.; suitable for a doctor; rent reasonable.
A WEjcK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
-~V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. .
BOARDING AND ROOMS. ;
7"1 O POST— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROoSf,
* l £1 with board; nse of parlor; piano; $45 for 2.
pOLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY. FoK-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackmei.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy sU; meals 25c
rpHE STEWART. COR. EI.LIS AND LEAVEN-
■I worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
1-1 OTKL BKKTLINU. 714 ±iUSH-A FAMILY
-«-»■ hotel: references glveu and required; all mod-
t-m convenience. . . '1 •
CUILDKEN BOAKDKD.
T° BOARD InfTnT bR~~CHILDI NICE
_jJJOme; $8 per mon- h. Box 9, Call Office. Oakland.
STOKES TO LET. '
rpo LET— FINE CORNER STORE: NEWLY
x renovated. Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
STORE COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
kJ with fixtures for saloon: fit for any business,
cheap rent. ■-;, . * "?.
OFFICES TO LET.
R-\0 MARKET- HANDSOME FURNISHED
UUV/ or unfurnished.; suitable for professionals;
fine location.
O^qi SUTTER, NR. JONES— FOR
X, * offices and residence combined; reason-
am ,
rpo let— elegant offices and lodge-
X ms in the new building. Y. M. C. A., Mason
55 J-Uls sts. ; rent exceedingly low. ■ 
1 1 R EDUY -FINE SUITE: "ROUND FLOOR;
x ±(j offices for doctor or dentist.
SPRKCKELS BUILDING. ' 927 MARKET—
JJ tkgaut snnnv offices. *12 50 up; electric-light;
Beating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldlnj ,
or G. H. UMBSEX A CO.. 1* Montgomery st. !
HOTEL TO LEASE.
rpo LET -THE W. TELL HOUSE, 317-319 '
-l Bush st. : this well-known hotel Is thoroughly ]
renovated, considerably improved: compares with !
best 2d-cla.isho:clintown. .MALISONS BURKE.
BICYCLKS.
if INE BICYCLE: ONLY *20: AN UNUSUAL
bargain. 2437 Mission at.
rpRIBUNE, $50; BEN HUR, LADIES', $50;
X Belle's New, $50; Ben Hur Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary at.
AROAIN IN a STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
» > single wheels. 306 Post st.
A '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM; $85: ALMOST
new. W. CRANK, 324 Post st.
WINFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
v . Headquarters Lu-ml-nnm and Thistle bicycles
Of: new falcon-, HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
00 55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
WKBB AI.KXANDEK. 401 Market st.
PARK CYCLER V— NEW WHEELBTO LET?
J best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
AUUter and Powelt at. car lines. r
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
OR SALE, FOR H ALPITS COST, A NEW |
camping wagon; the most complete In Califor-
nia. Apply at Krocery -store. Mission and Mlverave. j
Ql OX FOR BUILDING ON LEADED LOT:
«Jp I— O suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st. , t . ".
PLENDID REMINOTON TYPEWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. REVAIK, 310 Cal.
rpUOROUOHBRED COCKER SPANIEL PUPS
X for sale. 295 Parker nvt., S. F. j
FOR SALE CHEAP-GOOD FAMILY COW; j
also good horse and cart; suitable for butcher.
Apply 132 Tremont aye. ___i_'
6 -ARMED CRYSTAL CHANDELIER, IN P"el£
feet order, at a sacrifice. 321 Hyde su
HEAP -IT LL-BR D .fh.RSKY BULL
calf. 379 4 Sixteenth St., above Castro.
I OT IN STOCKTON; COST $200; $80 PAID;
Xj will take $55: party going east; installments.
Address N. V.. box 84, this office. ■ '
3: 9^H SODA FOUNTAIN; NEW 14-QU ART
tJr^i'V'. freezer $100. 169 Second st.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO lot
VJ pulleys,, shafting, etc. W. •L. SANFORD,
415 Washington si. •:? :-i-".-
-j V OR SALE. CHEAP— I' 85-lIOR-KI'OWER
T engine, bolter, -hufting and pulleys. W. E.
LEE, Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph ave.,Oakld.
UiLKR«,KNO^Ks,2I>-HANDMACHINERY.
waterpliH-a. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
I" pOR SALE— WINDMILL AND PUMP; AL-
X 1 mos. new. 3213 Twentieth St.;
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage Company, 442 Sixth.
i 10AMILY tOW FOR SALE; CHEAP. 847
I X Florida at., near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
PACIHt GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
order; 'J Adams prtg presses; power 616 Mission
Xt HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
\s Apply 'JIOJ Larkin St., after 6 p. m.
O U TK X SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought anil sold. 1121 y 2 Market, bet. 7th <b Bth.
UlLDlNi.s BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHHaT
I ' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
Sic SMALL MEDIUM AND LA ROE SIZB
tire and burger proof safe. 09. 11l Market it.
i I/ 1 IKE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTKR-
I -T press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
! \TISW UAKUEd CHEAPER than second-
.iA hand. vV. a. RAY Mfj Co.. 1 3 California iu
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENT^.
AXOTHER SPKCIaL INDUCEMENT FOR
jv purchasing from Sherman. Clay A Ca ; ele-
-1 gant new upright pianos, ;ocether with fine stool
I and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month: only
I $6 cash payment required: every instrument
vuaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., cor.
Kearnyand Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Stein way A Sons' pianos. . (..:
/^LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
V/ small good* at prices less than goods cost
; landed in .New York : just the chance to buy a fine
! instrument for your summer outing at small out-
; lay; violins, $1 «5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antonarps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
. cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
; pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT. t»29
Market St.. Spreckels building.
0:1 On FOR A good UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
«iP-LUu large Newhall up: $175 for fine new
pianos: call at once If you want bargains. MAC-
VAIS, 769 Market sU "
WILLIAM O. JSADGER, SOLE : AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento at.
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 -Market St. ' '
. T3EFORK BUYING teEE HAINE BROS.'. BUSH
X) A Gerts- and Knabo pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT «fc CO.. 324 Post at.
C" UICKKUINU.KNABK, STKCK.VOSE, STBR-
ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ & iSON.ltt O'Farreil.
OGO ORGAN AT REASONABLE PRICE.
Apply CHARLES EVANS, 30 Ooldnn Gate
aye.. near Jones st.
fflj \~Q(\~ KI.I.KNT- " NEW - UPRIGHT,
«IP 1 ''\'. stool and cover; $5 installment. 221
Leaven worth st. ■ ■■■•--..
LEARANCKSALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; «150
i up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
I? INK MUSICAL INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
■L' met), $10; very cheap. tOB Shotwell st.
Q.l Q^BARGAIN:FINK UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
<g)±Ot>. m McAllister at., next Hlbernia Bank.
IJYHON M.U7,V, -M)H POST ST.-SOHMEK,
■*-* Newby ii Evany Hrlggs «nd other pianos.
SUPER FOR VIOLI.Ns. ZITHERS. OLDANKW
KJ H. MULLEIN maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
WANTED— SQUARE PIANOS to BUY or
"exchange. i:; Kills St.
TIsTS. '.. ' r -_ r ...
nR^O^^K7rrT£'A'sSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J kot«st.. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. .."... ■ ■
I^"IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
-I prices; first-class results; painless extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5376. W. C. UAH-
I DIN( - CM.. M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner Powell.
I l^K. LUDLUM, HILL,, 1443 1 MARKET. ST.,
J-'^near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
pia.es are made: old' plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas Riven.
DtK. UKOKUK W. LEEK,' THE .GENUINE
| -LJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
t and patentee of. improved bridge- work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farreil »t.
DR.L. T.«"RANZ— EXTRACTION PaTInLkSS.
crown ; work, bridge ; work • and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
<fe7 A sKf bOii. TKKTK: WARRANTED A*
Jp • ; good as can be made: filling $1. ! Dr. SIMMS.
denUst. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS. . kxtraction. -60c; CROWN
J. bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up: 13 years'
experience.; R. L. WaLsH: D.D.S.. bls^ Geary.
. .K. I.UCKETT, 1703 PO-T ST., NEAR BU-
-i /.■ en a nan; gas given; crown and bridge work. , ;
1.-'tJ "f., !•• u.hiH, $7; ' WABHANTKO
X live years DR. V. c.\ v jjiß, V . 1 Sixth tv >:
SET OF TKETH WITHOUT A rLATK. UK. U.
U. VOn.Nd, 1841 Pollfgt. ■ . ...■-'.
/ IOU'OS DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAH-
V.' ket tit. j.: DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. '..-,:
1 \H. J.J. LKBK,~ii(oa MARKET. GOLDEN
XJ «at« — Open evenings: Sundays till soon.
THE STOCK MARKET.
A rise in the Bodies was the only noteworthy
change yesterday, Bodle selling up to £Be, Bulwer
to 46c and Mono to 24c. The Corns were
quiet at undisturbed prices as a rule.
',' Bullion valued at f If oo has been received from
the May flower gravel mine. "
The annual meeting of the Union Consolidated
takes place to-morrow. 1 .
The annual meeting of , the Yellow Jacket takes
place at Gold Hill to-morrow.
« on. Cai» ; A Va. Mixic— level-West
crosscut 2, started lat a point in north drift 560
feetMiorth from Cot>.. Virginia shaft station, has
has been advanced 22 feet, total length 600 feet,
passing through harder porphyry and class separa
tions and narrow lines of quartz assaying $1 per
ton. Face is showing slight seepage of water.
1650 level— On ninth floor, first floor above sill
floor of this level, the south drift from east cross
cut from drift run sooth from on lof slope has
been extended 13 feet, passing through porphyry,
clay and quartz assaying 92 and $3 per ton; total
length 432 feet.
1750 level— From thirteenth, fourteenth, fif
teenth, nineteenth and twenty-first floors of this
level, at north end of stope In old ground of
former workings, have extracted during the week
101 tons of ore, average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars In - mine, was
$64 89 per ton. Are retimbering in up
raise from twenty-first to twenty-fonrth
floors. From upraise carried up from northwest
drift from main west drift . from G. *(.'. nnaft, 60 '
feet above sill floor of this level, northwest drift |
has been extended 10 feet, passing through por
phyry and quartz assaying from $2 to $ 5 per ton.
Total length of drift 106 feet.
From northwest drift, at point 70 feet In from
Its mouth, an fast crosscut has been started and
advanced 23 feet through porphyry and quartz
assaying $2 and $3 Der ton.
Total extraction of ore for week amounted to
101 tons, average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars when raised to surface,
was 968 01 per ton. ■ , .'
Folio Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Past Week. -'
Alpha .."....
Alt* ....
Andes .....
Belcher. ...'.
Beat A Belcher..
Bodie
Bullion „
Bui war
Caledonia
Challenge
Choliar.....
Con. CaL & Va..
Confidence. ......
Crown Point
Gould <fe Curry.
Hale & Norcrosj
Mexican........
Mono.
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
JPotoai
Savage
Seg. Belcher....
Sierra Nevada..
Union.
Utah
Yellow Jacket..
STOCK.
Mon. Tun. Wed. Thra.j in. Sat.
IB IS 13 • lli 11 12
10 10 10 11! 10 08
36 34 85 SB 81 32
43 41 43 41 37 39
71 70 71 71 70 69
*8 44 44 43 4b 58
21 21 23 21 21 SI
27 80 32 29 82 46
11 11 ll li 14 12
36 SSI 36 39 34 34
2.60 2.00 2.60 2.60 2.50 2.60
1.86 1.80 >-85 1.86 1.75 1.76
1.10 1.05 115 1.05 1.00 1.00
48 47 51 49 46 47
88 83 b8 88 83 84
1.35 1.35 1.30 1.60 1.40 1.45
64 •■ 63 67 62 Wi 63
•-'0 20 18 '.''l 18 24
1.10 1.10 1.15 1.10 1.10 1.05
20 . -19 21 20 20 19
9* 91 96 91 ! 92 91
1.20 '1.18 1.25 1.30; 1.20 1.25
.74 .73 80 SOI 79 80
13 12 13 12 12 12
61 61 62 60 59 59
49 , Sl' 61 51 49 50
" 12 . 11 11 11 12 10
43 41 43 ,42 38 88
iiOAi.li SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Btatruß mobxix'j KR^rr>v rowv«rvrjr > > » '»:T\
300 Alpha 12 300 Cha11nK...34 100 G &C....84
100 Blchr 38 350 Ch0ir. . .2.00 100 H&N .1.45
100 371100 3.65 250 NO & C..05
100 BAB 69 100 CC&V. .1.761500 0cctdt1.... 91
100 Home... ..50 100 C Point... Ovrmn.... 18 \
100 :.. ....61 60 GCrss. 27.00j200P0t05i... 125 j
300 8n1wer...41! I
Following were the sales in ' the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday.
. . . ; K*BntiH »t««I)X-1O : TI.
SOn Ainha 400 Ch0ir.. .2.00 200 Occd 91
600 Alt*. 09 400 ....V...^2.55 400 «... 90
200 Andes. ...3v; 250 CCV. 1.77V 3 400 87
400 8e1c0er...3U;150 Conn, 1.02 "200 .....88 I
300 B <&*>... 68 400 Con 1m....01 300 Oph!rl.o7V 3
800 Bodle 47 400 .....02 4000vrmn....18
1000 56 500 C NY. ....03 200 P0t05i..1.20
700 .........;.66 400 Crwn Pt...44 400 ....^I.22JA
800 67500 ...45 400 Say 7tf
400 ....... _....68 Exchqr....O6 300 80 |
300 8u11i0n.. ..21350 O&C 84 300 .78
200 8u1wer...35'«00 H<fcN 1.42% 700 Scorpion..os j
600 ..~ 36:200......... .1.40 500 SB(tM.l2y,
400 ..•..-... 37:200 Ju1ia...... 10 300 SNt 6? j
300 ......... .40,400 Justice... .o6 500 8 Hi 11... ..02 I
600 45 100 Knntuck..O7 500 ...... .03
300 ....... .....42 300 L Wa5h.. .04400 Union C...48 I
200 Caleda....ll M Mem 62 200 Ulan 12 !
200Ch11nce...34 400 Mono 22 450 V JaeKM..3tt
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 18— m.
Bid.Atkai. SltLAsked.
Alpha Con. ... 11 12 Jackson 26 —
Alta. ..08 lOJnlia.. ... — 16
Ande5.......:.. 82 ■33 Ju5tice,..".."."... 04 06
Belcher 37 39 Keuiuck 06 07
Best & Belcher 66 67 ljuly Wash.... — 05
Bodie ....66 66 Mexican 62 63 1
Bullion ....... ■21 22 M0n0;...... .. 22 24
Bulwer. 42 ; 44 Nevada Queen 03 —
Caledonia...... 12 14 Occidental. ... 87 88
Chollar.. .-..:. 2.46 2.55;0ph1r..... 1.05 1.10
C0n.Ca1*Va...1.75 1.80 Overman 19 21
Challenge Con. 38 ■35 'Potosl. 1.20 1.25
Con. Imperial. 01 t2 savage. 78 80
Confidence 96 1.00 Scorpion. 05 ' 06
Con New York — Ot|beg. Belcher... 12 13
Crown Point... 46 46 Syndicate '..... — 03
KaaUSierraNev — t's'Mlver Hi 11. ... 02 03
Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada. 68 69
Exchequer 05 07 Union Con 49 60 !
Gould Curry. S3 84 Utah 10 11
Hale&Norcrs.l.3s 1. 4 0| Yellow Jacket 38 40
GOLD MINING hXCHAXUK.
Champion ..... Providence...
Bid 20 00 Bid '.........."60 00
Asked. ........30 00 100 Savannah. . ._ 47
liraau... 200 . 48
Asked 25100 49
Kennedy....... 200 „ 50 i
Bid 10 00 100 Sebastopol 50 !
Asked 1160,200 « 51
800 Lock wood Con. 2tf ■ Thorpe .........
700 „■ 30 Asked.. 85
Bid Princess 531
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 18-10:30 a. m.
TNITKD STATES BONOS.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Atked.
US 4s conp.. 1061,4 — U8 4s reg.. .10984 —
Do new issue — — , .
MISCKLLANKOtTS FON-TW.
Cal-stCbless. — a iPacßoll M6S. — _
Cal Elec L6s 117% — Do 2d is 6s. ' — ' —
Cntra CW 6s — 94 PA ORy 6s. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9^ 100 P&Ch Ry6s. — 107
Kdsn LAP65121V2 — Pnl-stRRB«. — 116 Vi
F4CHKR6S. - 105% Reno, Wi^L — 105 I
Geary-stßSs. 105 — Bacto p&L. ~ — 102% '•
LosAngLtts. — 99 KAN PR 6s. — -98%
DoGateedSs — 100% KHHRAriz6s 93 9b *
\ Mkt-stCble6sl2oi4 — , IsPRRCaI 6s. — 110%
j DoKyConss_ — 105%;SPRRCal 6«. — , _
| NatVln6slst 96 - sl'BrßCalSs. - 99%'
NevCNgß7s. »»& 105 WRtei«S-.119%1J0V4
N PCRR6s.IOOi,4IOS%SVWater4».. — 9914
NRyCal6s.loo 105 StktnG<tE6s - 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 BunstT&Tav — -
Oak Gas 6s. .102 — Sutter-stßss.lo9%i:o
Uo2d is 65.. 104 — VisaliaWC«Js — ' —
Omnibus os. 118% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 SB%;San Jose... — —
Marin C 0.... 50 - |Sprng Valley 96 96%
GAR STOCKS.
Capital .10 26% Pacific Llcht 49% -
Central 94 — San Francsco — 92
OakUL&H - 63 Stockton. — ai%
Pac Uaslmp. — 86%
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's 171 — |Sun .......... 25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. - — |LondonP<fcA.l2s 130
Anglo-Ga1.... 61»4 _ London<fcSF. — 27%
Bank of Cat.. 225 236 Merch Ex.. 18 — *
CaISD&TCo — 67 1 Nevada — —
First Nationl. — lß7%|Sather Co. — —
Grangers:... — — 
SAVIN-Q3 BANK STOCKS.
Her SALCo. 1380 1370 Sav&Loan. — 100
HumbS£L.lloo 1450 Security 240 —
Mutua1....... — 40 Union trust. — 800
BFSavUnion — 485 -
STRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 - lOakSL&Uay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 iPrcsldio .... 7 —
Market-5t.... 42% 48% Sutter-st — —
row her stocks.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon..." 18 20
Eastern D... 75 80 iJudson D.... — —
California.... 70 — 'Vlgorit. — 90c
MISCELUSKOCS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 94. — Nat Vln Co — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 34%
Cal Cot Mills - - Pac A PA 1 _
Cal Dry Dock — _ PacßoraxCa 98 100 •
Edison Light - . 117Vi]Pac Roll Mill - —
GaiConAssn. — — Part PatntCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — iPacTr»usCo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 17% 38% Pac T<feT Co. 10 -
Hutch SPCo 19»/ 4 20 Vs Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo. 110 [United C Co. — 25
y. Eiec Light.-. .4%!
..;•-. BALES-MOB.MXU aCSSIOX.
Board— ,
100 Hutchtnaon 8 P Co.. ..'...«• 20 00
20 SV. Water..... 96 62%
50 do ■■ do, b3....... .'........;. 96 50
f^OOOS V 4* Bonds 99 00
10 Giant Powder C0n..... ............... 10 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Olsen, Sacramento R C Michaels, Chicago
T F Corbett, Portland J Smith. Haywaras
M Smtlh. Haywards X Smith, Haywarda
Hammie Mast. Uaywds J II Prii g <t f, Colo Spgs
R Brown, Chicago J F Jacobs. Chicago
E B .n elson <tw,Tacoma V \V Kalatlof, l.lvermore
W Mahood. San Jose M B Kellar A w, Escon-
RDC uikshank, PRobl* dido
A T Whlpi le <fe w, Portd F. P Jennings, Portland
Z V Peters. Seattle J Lucker, Seattle
R LJai.tf. Penttle J F Lobin A w, Chicago
Mrs .-schmidi d- f.Portld H W Duncan, Los Ang
E T Tallineedge, Wash A A Limmons, Sta Bar
A W Kiumore. U S N
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H Lacbman, Aiameda G Carpnter, Paris
J P Ogden, Portland G Sanma i, N V
W L Davis, San Jose T R Allt- d, N V
R Snow, S V II Ei Pc t^ereast.Salt Lake
Mis* Brown, Fresno R Jones. Fresno
T Abbott. Fresno J a Muller, Chicago
T Richardson, Chicago Jde or. El Paso
v Stewart, El Paso F A Lambert, Dallas
J Carroll, Dallas Miss Watts, Butte
T A Dillon, Sacramento Miss Maynard, N V
F Bernard, St Paul J E Jennings, St Louis
GRAND HOTEL.
X B Hornnng, Cal G W Brown, Mo
G C Hoberton. Oakland ML de ''audin, Stockton
A Graves, Auburn F P Willis, Chicago
J G Hinkel, San Diego J H Ma- hew, Cal
H Hardln, Louisville G Baylies, Cal
>J Neuberger, Petaluma T L Crane, I'e.aluma
W J Chesney, Petaluma Mrs M Fisher, Sacto
C W Morton, Sacto F H smith, Stockton
Mrs F Bartlett, Cal A Rosenow. Wash
Miss L E Puier, Portland Misi M M Youue, Or
S N Aui.rous, i'omona A Gnston, Pomona
Mrs A 4 Hellbron. Sacto Mrs T W Heintzelman,
L P Farmer, Tudor Micramemo
Mrs C S Story, i hicago Mrs A Heywood, Chicago
Mrs M A de Voritch, Los J N Jacxson, Seattle
Angeies Mrs CT Lindsay, Cal
Miss H James, Sacto C O Zeigf nfuss, Cal
J A Hen, Cal E A Oraauaw. i d
v \V l aft & fm, Fresno P A Bueli, Stockton
Mrs H Johnson, Los Ang Miss J Johnsoa. Los Ang
T A Baker. San Jose F A Hooker, Los Gatos
Mm X A Marker, Nev A Radatns, Fresno
W B Riicker, San Jose B A B«rtleit, Buffalo
V W Ran ley, Sacto Sam Potter. Martinez
D A Ostrom, Yubti L S Newcomb, Vallejo
Frank Heuey. Fresno Miss A Cummins, lowa
Miss E cummins, lowa C H Montague, N V
E Gilmore, Mojave J H Ben ham, Los Ang
H Harding, I ai Mrs i. de L Costello, 111
C H Martin, sacto H O Hickox, San Jose
W F Russell, anta Rosa W P Hasmith, Cal
B M Spencer, Sta Rosa H A Heilbron, Sacto
RUSS HOUSE.
John Sexton, Red Bluff C B Gardner, Pasadena
W B Parker & c, Colusa Mrs A Hall, i riimd
E G Gregory, Nev J Mcßride, Elko
Mrs C C Hollen * d. Miss A J llalls.Sßarbara
Gilroy Mrs C Ma.ion, Cal
J E Coillna.Grass Valley a McCabe, Grass Valley
W P Anderson, BakrfleldP Smith, i resno
M A Shcan, Bakersneld A J Bogard. Red Bluff
T Boyd, Napa E X Meek. Marysvllle
F A Elliott, Stockton F Kruw, Mi View
J Irvine. Tomales G Cooley, Marysville
P T Strebllng, Santa Cruz P S Strebling.'SantaCruz
O W Vanie) , Sonoma Jiiss M Baker, Cal
J McCarty. San Jose O Krop, N Mcx
s Barnes, Fresno J Hanson, Fresno
F P Gardner, Pescadero J O Murphy, New York
X H Leonard, Sonoma J H Martin. Woodland
A H O'Dell. Colorado R Craig, Arizona
Miss S Craig. Arizona Miss N Heal, Arizona
T G Cox, Arizona C A Goaiett, Cal
H S Beck. Virginia Ctty J Begg. Mon erey
Mrs Dr Cole, San Jose W i-atterson. Cat
J P Rolls, San Raiael W Tallen A w. Nevada
Mrs C B Ax, Santa Rosa A Pyenhagen.Port Costa
LSchuckmaudtw.Keswlk MrsSchuckman.Keswick
T Hartchies, Keswick W Patterson, Keswlck
E U innerg, Pleasanton Miss J Barnes, Nevada
Mrs E Beuaeiger, La Mrs H O Weed, Sacto
Miss H Merrnt, Sacto Miss M Ziner, Ainxdor
PALACE HOTEL.
H W Child, Mont E L Lomax. Omaha
H S Chirk, 111 Miss Clark, 111
Mrs H s Clark, 111 C W Fay, San Jose
H P Knoblack, Chicago Stephen J Field <X valet,
Mrs Meld, Washington Washington
W H Coffin. USA W B Davis, San Diego
Mrs.) l.WhltneT, London E S Babcock, Coronado
J W Mitchell, Los Ang Mrs Babcock. Cororado
C H 8 idniore. N V Miss M D Ernhart, C>U
H J Weiler, Portland Miss Powers, tan Diego
R M Powers. San Diego Mrs M s lie len.i.os Ang
M S HeUen, Los Ang W R Kirk, Chicago
C W Fielding, Keswick J C Moore, Chicago
J ii KirK. Chicago D J Stevens, Cincinnati
c J Stevens, Ciuiinnatl C S Stevens, Cincinnati
Mrs S J Stevens, Ohio B T McGonigle, \ reka
•I F Farraher, Yreica S Newhouse, Denver
Miss Dlxon, Yreka C T Creswell <fe w, Pa
T M Todd, Auburn J F Dennis, Keno
J T Kiciiardsou, London W Reardon, Mich
J H C Coffin, U S N
LICK HOUSE.
A M Black <fe w.N V T B Farrington, Niles
C Wilson, San Joso W B Walsh, Santa uosa
M J French, NY J T Mitchell, Los Angles
I) W Allen, Los Angeles S H Payne, Sacramento
H H Haws, castrovllle F C Drake, PlacerviUe
S F Keys Aw, Astoria M Kenny, Santa Crue
J Davis <fe w, St Louis W s Lyle, Ca!
J Lang, Calistoga J King <fe w, San Jose
F H McConnell, Cal 8 X Cutter, Port Costa
H E osborne, Pa G F Buck, Stockton
R C Miner. Stockton R B.ircar, Vacaville
C F Phillips, Pa Mrs T J Kirk, Fresno
W C Maze. Madera Miss E vv Lktle, S Diego
J P Porter, Angels W Chester.U S 8 Alert
C E Thistler. D s s Alert
■3IAKKIACK UGJOQItt.
' 1 he following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
O. P. Dams and Lizxie .Ryan, 24— -23.
Frank N. Shay and Ida J. Nelson, aB— 24.
C. J. Hinrichs and Cassie Hammond, 40—80.
C. A» Fredrickason and Minnie G00dh01m,29— 27.
N. P. Ravn and Annie K. Rasmussen, 29—25.
W. Young and Isabella P. Hutchinson. 32—18.
Till: Ui.VsJt.Hiji RKlOitJ.
Complaints filed:
Nellie Och against Richard Och.
Sarah Blast against Joseph Blast.
Maria S. dhaiur against John A. Shafar.
Martha Coleman against Joseph Coleman.
Elizabeth Hauke against Herman Hau.ce.
Sarah K. Sarsneld against J. H. Sarsneld.
biiiliLa— iMiiii
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be in .erted. They mus be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
■; uoRX.
ALLMAN— In this city. July 14, 1896, to the wife
. of Miles Allman, a son.
BRADY— JuIy 6, 1896, to the wife of Matthew
Brady, a daughter. * '
DECKER— this city, July 17, 1896, to the wife
of Dr. John H. Decker, a daughter.
FULLER-In this city, July 7, 1898, 10 the wife of
George A. Fuller, a daughter.
GRUNAUER— In Byron. July 12, 1896, to the
wife of H. Grunauer, a son.
HARDY— this city, July 15, 1896, to the wife of
J. H. Hardy, a daughter. .
HANLON— In this city, July 10, 1896, to the wife
of Mike Hanlon a son.
HART— In this city, July 18, 1896, to the wife of
A. L. liar;, a son.
HIATT— JuIy 10, 1896, to the wife of W. G. Hiatt,
a son.
KEITH— In this city. July 17, 1896, to the wife of
P. A. F. Keith, a dau her.
! McNULTY— In this city, July 14, 1896, to the
. wife of Daniel A. McNulty, a daughter.
MADIGAN— In this city. July 16, 1896, to the
Ed J. Madigan, a daughter.
PAYNE— In this city, July 18, 1898, to the wife of
"G. L. Payne, a son. "i&SJH -
RINGEN— 3. 1896, to the wife of J. Rlngen,
a daughter.
WYNN-In this city, July 11, 1896, to the wife of
William J. Wynn, a son.
. . ;.'-v MAKIIIED.
FOLEY— HEALEY— In this city, April 12, 1896,
by the Rev. Father Hannlgan, Timothy Foley
and Mary Healey, both of San Francisco. '
GRAVES— CRAMER— In this city, July 16, 1896.
by the Rev. F. K. Baker, Arthur K. Graves and
Minna F. Cramer, both of San Francisco.
WEISS— MULLIGAN— in this city, July 2,1896,
i by the Rev. Father Prendergast, R. t?. Weiss and
A. E. Cnlligan.
i WENTWORTH— WASHBURN —In this city,
July 16, 1896, by Justice of the Peace F. H.
Kerrigan, Oscar A. Wentworth and Nellie M.
- Washburn, both of San Andreas, Calaveras
' County Cal. ...
.DIED.
Ayer. Elizabeth " McCormlck (infant)
' Blanks, Perrln L. McGann, Jane
Breck, James . Mogan, Delia E.
.. Davis, Frank Norrie. Wallace A. •
De Lacy. Catherine Olson, Margarette
Emanucl. Lewis Peterson, Bivena
Fel;e, John H. . Price, Zollie -
Gruenhagen, Henrlette Reardon, Jerry J.
HorTan, M. J. ■ - Riding, Julia -
Horatmann,DorotheaP. Schleasoo. Mary
f Kelly, Irene • Tiernan, William
Ko.by, Emma Ventura, Manual
La Vallee. Noemie Wakefleld. Rose
Leonard. Henry N. Wentworth, seth
' Ludemann. Albert , WUelan, Philip
Wlgley, Ann E.
AVER— In this city. July 17.1896, Elizabeth Ayer,
■ dearly beloved wife of C. E. Ayer, and mother of
Clarence Jr., William, Franklin, Phoebe, Georee
and Washington Ayer, a Dative of Boston, Mass.,
aged 43 years 4 months and 16 days. [Boston
papers please copy.] ■ .
jS^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS D-vv
. (Sunday at 1:15 o'clock p. »., from St. John's
Episcopal Church. Fifteenth street, near Valen-
, cia. j Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, i ■ \
BLANKS— In Fresno City, July 17, 1896, Perrln
L., beloved husband of flattie Blanks, and son of
Mrs. R. H. Plummer, a native of Sacramento,
aged "6 years and 4 days. '
jag-Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Sunday), at \i o'clock p. m., at • the residence
or his grandmother, Mrs. P. H. Lambert. 914
Page street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Services and Interment private.
BRECK— In ' Oakland, July 18, 1896, -James
Brack, brother of Samuel Breck Sr.. a native of
. Newport, N. 11., aged 76 years 11 months and
22 days.
DAVIS— In the City and . County Hospital, July
18, 1896. Frank D ivls, ag.-d 69 years.
DE LACY— this ciiv. July 18. IS9S. Catherine
de Lacy, a native of County Dublin, Ireland. ■
friends and acquaintances are rev.>>- -
tCl'jP Invited to attend tha funeral TO-MORROW
 (Monday), at 8 o'clock a. m., from ■ St. Mary's
. Hospital, thence to st Dominic's Church, a
solemn reg leu mas will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at, 9 o'clock a. m
g Interment | Benicla, via the 4 o'clock p. jf. train.
EMANUEL-In thlj city, July * 18, 1896, L wis!
beloved husband of Amelia Emanuel, and father
of Mrs. .L. Lowensrrund, 'Mrs. M. & Neunass
Elizabeth, Henry J. and Joseph .L. Ematiuel'
• and brotuerof K. Kmanuei, a native of London'
• England, axed 67 years.' ; - '
" ! aarFriends ■• and acquaintances are flimil
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
I (Monday), at 10 >, o'clock a. it., from his late
; residence, 1916 Pacific : avenue. Interment
| ■ Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. v.
j ■ train from Third and Townsend streets.'
F. and A. -Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F. and A
M. Funeral notice: Officers and members are
requested to assemble : hi > Masonic Temple TO-
MORROW (Monday), at 9 o'clock a. if., for the
purpose of conducting the f un«ra'. services of our
late .reasurer, Brother Lewis Emauuel, thence to
' the late residence of deceased, 1916 Pacific ave-
nue, and ■to Home o' Peace ■ Cemetery by train.
By order of the \V . M.
* FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
A. L. of H.— Members at /Altai Council ' No. 147.
• ' ' A. L. of H., are ., hereby requested to " attend the
funeral of our late companion, Lewis Emanuel,
- H. GOLDMAN, Commander/ :
FEIGE-In this clty.'Julv 18, 1896, Henry,
. beloved husband of Ju,lia Feige. . and '■ father of
Mrs. P. J. Donohue, Henry Jr., Julia, Albert and
- Ella Feige, a native of Lelpslg, Germany, aged
' 58 years 10 months and 4 days.
GRUBNHaGEN— In this ; City, July 17, 1898,
Henrietta, beloved wife of C H.Graenhagen.and .
'mother of Cuarlotte, Alberta and Charles Gruen- '
hagen. a native of Paris, France, a^ed 46 years.
Friends and acquaintance* ' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resl-
residence, _'31'J Gourd atrec:, oetween Pacific
•. and Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
. tery. • ' \
HORGAN— In Oakland, July 17. 1896, M. J. Hor-
gaa, beloved husband of Mary A. Horgan, and
uncle of John J. Horgan, a native or tne city of
Cork. Ireland, aged 42 years. [Boston papers
please copy.j • ■■'
Friends and acquaintances are r<MDea-,-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1055 Willow street. West Oakland,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, arriving at foot of Market
street. San Francisco, at 10:45 O'clock a. m. .
K. of H.— Officers and members of Fortuna Lodga
No. 3449, K. of H., are requested to meet at
lodgeroom, 20 Eddy street. TO-MORROW (Mon-
day) at 9 o'clock a. m., to attend the : funeral of
our late brother. M. J. Horgan. By order
C. A. GARTHOKNE. Dictator.
HORSTMANN— In this city. July 18, 1896, Doro-
thea PhillmenaHorstmann, beloved wife of Herr-
man llorstmann. and mother of Mrs. A. W. Mil-
ler, Herrman T. , Henry 8., Joseph 8., Francis
R,, Lora A., Jacob A., Alphonse J.. Theresa J. and
Anton J. Horstma sister of Mrs. Joseph Mayer
Sr., and aunt of Mr. and Mrs. H. Helbush, a na-
tive of Buffalo, N. V.. aged 48 years and 2 months.
A member of the Christian Mother Society and
the "Third Order." [ Buffalo (N.Y.) papers pleas*
copy.j
JtiTFriends and acquaintances are res aw-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. if., from her late resi-
dence, 1262 Fifteenth street, thence to Si. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hex soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
KELLY— In this city, July 17, 1896, Irene, dearly
beloved daughter ot James R. and the late Ha-
nora Kelly, and sister of Mrs. William Lyle,
Margaret, John Jerome and Alf R. Kelly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years 10 months
and 6 days.
*»"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
.(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from the family
residence, 309 Leavenworth street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 :30 o'clock a. mc
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleasa
omit flowers.
KOLBY— In this city, July 18, 1896, Emma, be- .
loved daughter of Reinhard and Gertie Kolby,
and sister of Gertie, Georgie and Henry Kolby,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 montn
and 10 days.
£7"Frlends and acquaintances are reiDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. i*., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 902 Minnesota street, cor-
ner of Napa, Po'.rero. • luterment LO.O. F.
Cemetery.
LA VALLEE— In this city, July 16, 1896. Noemie
beloved wife of Armand La Vallee, and mother
of Liza, Armand and Arcbange La Vallee, a na-
tive of Montreal, Canada, aged 39 years 2 months
and 14 days.
Jt9~Frlends and acquaintances and members of
the Society of Our Lady of Vlctoires are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:16 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1613% Howard street, thence to
Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres Church, Bush street,
between Grant avenue and Stockton street,
where a solemn requiem hleh. ma*s will be cele-
bra: ed for the repoae of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
: tery, by electric funeral-car from Thirtieth street
■ and San Jose avenue.
LEONARD— this city. July 18. 1896, Henry
Nelson Leonard, beloved brother of Andrew T.
Leonard, a native of New York, aged 32 year*
6 months and 3 days.
LUDEMANN— In this city, July 16. 1836. Albert
Ludemann, a native of Holsteln, Germany, aged
' 27 years.
X7~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Pythian Castle,
909 Market street, where the funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Court Seal
Rock No. 46. F. of A. Remains at the par-
, lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission stre«t, 1
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
McCORMICK-In this city, July 15.1896, infant
son of Joseph L. and Georgie L. McCormlck.
McGANN— In this city, July 18, Jane, youngest
■ and beloved daughter of Frank and Kilen
McGann, a native of San Fmncisco. aged 1 year
6 months and 18 days. ..-• . .
MOGAN— In this city, July 16, 1896. Delia E.,
beloved wife of Joseph Mogan, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 46 years 4 months and 19
days. '•.:'.■':-
AS" Friends and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully invited to attend ;he funeral THIS .JAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, California avenue. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery. -•
NORRIE— In this city, July 17, 1896, Wallace
- A., beloved son of Alexander and Sarah Norrle,
a naiive of San Francisco, aged 3 months.
OLSON— In this city, July 18, 1896, Margaret te
- Josephine, beloved daughter of Louis and Mary
Olson, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 13 days.
PETERSON— In thi# city. July 18,1836, Bivena,
-: beloved wife of "Job Peterson,, and mother of. .
Mary and Sophia Peterson, a native of La Paz,
Lower California, aged 41 years 7 months and 4
day-..
JE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 313 Green street, between Kearny and
Montgomery. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRICK— In this city, July 18, 1836, Zollie, second
daughter of Thomas Price. .
«^-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence. 2525 Broadway,. corner Scott street.
Interment private.
REARDON— In this city. July 18, 1896. Jerry J.,
dearly beloved and only son of the late Dennis
and Hanora Reardon, and beloved brother of
Jo-dc, Norn, Kate and Maggie Reardon, a native
of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 9 months. '
45^Friends and acaualnlaacei ar* r<Mt>acc-
fully invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY,
July 21. 1H96. at 9 o'clock a. x., from his late resi-
dence, 119 Ivy avenue, between Van Ness and
Polk street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his souL com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RIDING— In this city, July 16, 1896. Julia, dearly
beloved wife of T. R. Riding, and mother of Mar- '
. iO'i and Robert Riding, a native of Ireland, aged
42 years 6 months and 6 day
jO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
., fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS, DAT
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence. 917 Post street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem , mass will be celebrated for the repose
01 hiT soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Inter*
ment I. O. O. F. , Cemetery. . .
SCHLEASON— In this city, July 18. 1896, Mary,
beloved . wife 'of Henry Scbleason, mother of '
Annie and Edward Schleason. daughter of, ]
Thomas and Katie Bohau, and Bister of John
Ro.ian, a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged
33 voars 11 months and -7 days.
SIEBKRT-In this city. July : 18. 1896, Hulsey S.
Siebert, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 3
' years 8 months and 16 days.
TIERNAN " In this city, July 18, 1896, William,
beloved son of Peter and Alice Tiernan, a native,
of San Francisco, aged 3 months and 12 days.
VENTURA— In this city, July 18. 1896, Manual
Ventura, a native of Portugal, aged 60 years.
WAKEKIELD— In Los Gatos, July 18. 1898.
Rose, daughter of L. H. and M. R. VVakefleld,
a native of Oakland, aged 19 years 4 months and
3 day?.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral service*
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the residence of the parents, 3SO East Seven-
teen h street: East Oakland. Interment private.
WENTWORTH— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17, 1896. Selh Wentworth, aged 61 years.
WHELAN— At St. Mary's Hospital, July 18, 1896.
Philip, belovel husband of the late Hannah
. Whelan, and brother of John Whelan of Sam
Leandro, a native of Ballyhoo; County Cork,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
aa~Frlends and acquaintances are resDeot-
. fully invited to attend tan funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of James McMenomey A Son, 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh, .hence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass' will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
, ing at 10 o'clock a. x. interment Mount Cal v my
Cemetery.
WIGLEY— In this city. July 18,1896, Ann Eliza,
beloved wife of Charles W. Wialey, daughter of
W. M. Price and Mrs Emma Alvln, and sister of -
Mrs. Nettie Crockett and Mrs. Mamie Jones,
a native of Missouri, agt>d is 6 years and 7 months.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBAT.MKR3,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
J ah. McMenoxey. Chas. McMknomky.
.JAMES McMenomky & SON,
UNDEKTAKKRS AND kmbalmkrB,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
- • Telephone No. 3354.
JAa ENGLISH. , T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIKECTOKS,
19 Vaii Ness aye., near Market at., San Francisco
Telephone so., 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN . MATEO COUNTY ; NEAREST CEME-
O tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office 997 .Markat
street, southeast corner ot Sixih. . . ..
• The largest kitchen in the -world is in
that great Parisian store, , Bon i Marche
which has 4000 employes. The smallest
kettle contains 100 quarts and the largest
500. Each of tii'ty roastinsr-pans is big
enough for 300 cutlets. Every dish for
baking potatoes holds 225 pounds. When
omelets are ; on > the bill of fare 7800 epgs
are used at once. For cooking alone sixty
cooks and 100 assistants are always at the
ranges/ ; : :;-:;:■ -^-\,;-:r-.;^.^>- .■:-:,U::/, • .MR, SNOOK IS
CATCHING TROUT.
Supervisor Talcott Says He
Should Be at His
Office.
EQUALIZERS ARE AT SEA
Want an Opinion on How to
Value and Assess Fran
chises.
STREET ROADS LOSE MONEY.
F. M. Smith, the Horse Magnate, Has
Paid Damage Judgments From
His Own Pocket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 18. J
District Attorney Snook is missing and
has not been at his office all the weeK. Su
pervisors have asked for him every day,
but the only answer that could be given
was that Mr. Snook was doing the Gray
Gables act in the mountains.
While the Board of Equalization is in
Beßsion the District Attorney is in great
demand. His opinion is wanted on many
points. All through this week the very
important question of the assessment of
franchises has been before the board.
All kinds of political capital has been
made and is being made out of the assess
ment of the corporate interests of this
county, and Mr. Snook has seriously im
peded the work of the Supervisors by his
fishing excursion.
"I told the District Attorney he had no
business to leave his office at this critical
time," said Supervisor Talcott to-day. "I
told him we should need his advice daily,
but he persisted in going and his absence
has caused many matters to be delayed
that we could have diaposed of days ago.
Mr. Church, his chief deputy, is willing
to give us an opinion on the matter of
these franchises, but we must have no
shelving of responsibility and Mr. Snook
must attend to ihis matter himself."
As the Supervisors will undoubtedly act
on the advice of the District Attorney,
and as they have been warned by their
enemies that their success at the next
election will depend on their actions
Monday, Mr. Snook's absence from his
desk isbeing discussed in many lights and
shadows.
When the Board of Equalization ad
journed to-night there were twenty-nine
cases under advisement. All of these
cases will receive the attention of the
District Attorney before the board will
act. Since the remarks of Mr. Morehouse
yesterday the members have given up the
ides of an extension of time and are tend
ing every nerve to complete their labors
by Monday night, when tneir labors as a
board expires.
The Alameda Water Company, which
furnishes water for Berkeley, asked to nave
the assessment upon their franchise
stricken from the roil on the ground that
their principal pace of business was in
&an Francisco. The total, incluuing $5000
for the franchise, was $196,675. They asked
to have it reduced to $129,ti36. Trie 1 ear
ing of the application was set for Monday
morning.
The question of the assessment upon the
Alameda, Oakland and Piedmont electric
line was next taken up. Mr. Rank was
sworn and testified that at the valuation
fixed by the Assessor the company
was not making 1 per cent profit. If it was
allowed to stand ttie company would either
have to co into the hands of a receiver or
else cut their employes' wages. He thought
that if the lrancuises had not been so
hignly~assessed he might not have filed an
application for a reduction at all. The
piant could stand its assessment. Mr.
Daltun took occasion to tell the board
how exceedingly kind Mr. Rank had been
to him, and he vras glad to know that the
assessments upon the improvements were
bo nearly acceptable to Mr. Rank. The
case was then taken under advisement
until the opinion of District Attorney
Snook should De received upon the ques
tion of franchise assessments.
The Oakland Consolidated Electric peti
tion was taken up. They claimed that
the assessment upon the Claremont fran
chise should be canceled, as the franchise
had lapsed. They never held a franchise
from Forty-seventh and Grove streets to
Adeline. The tracks were laid on their
own property, hence that assessment
should be stricken off the rolls. Mr.
Grim, the bui>erinten<Jent, was placed
upon the stand and testified that the road
was the poorest in the county. It was
poorly built in the first place. The whole
road needed replacing with new material.
It had never paid dividends, but the stock
holders had been compelled to put their
hands down in their pockets and pay the
interest on the bonded indebtedness. The
various juagmenis aeainst the company
had been paid by Mr. Smith and Mr.
Martin. The petition was taken under ad
visement on the testimony taken last year
and the District Attorney's opinion.
A. L. Stone presented the petition of the
Oakland, San Leandro and Hay wards
» electric line. There were twenty-eight
separate reductions asked fur. It was
assessed at $304,000, and he desired to have
it reduced to $146,000. Most of this was on
franchises. He cittd the case of the fran
chise, only one biocK long, on Thirteenth
street, between Washington and Ciay.
It was only use i occasionally, and then
the proceeds did not nay the expenses of
running the car out of the po*er-house.
He said their franchise on the city
wharf was assessed at $10,000, while
Mr. Vandercook had a franchise which
was not absessed at all. Any other line
could run ov^r that !ine if they paid their
share of ihe expenses. It was riot an abso
lute franchise. It would be cheaper to
take up the track and abandon the fran
chise than to pay taxes on sucn an assess
ment. The franchise only cost $250 in
open competition, which he thougiit was
its full value.
Mr. Stone went fnrther and sai'i he
thought the whole franchise should be
greatly reduced, owing to the loss the roads
were meeting with. Several years aeo it
was a paying proposition. The road "was
run at a loss of $18,000. It was not fair to
assebs a franchise wuhout a knowledge of
us income. He had offered to show Mr.
Dalton the books whenever he ca led, but
the gentleman had never put in an appear
ance. '
Mr. Dalton thought the value placed
uoon the franchise by the company when
they placed their bonds would be a good
criterion, and aked Mr. Stone to give that
hfiure. Mr. Stone refused to submit such
ngures and Supervisor Taicott upheld
mm. The latter gentleman though; that
tne assessment should be made upon the
present worth of the franchise. What it
was worth years a^o cut no figure now.
lie thought the board had ull the figures
they had any business to ask for. They
did not sit there to depreciate values oi
property in this county. Mr. Dalton
thought the figures placed upon the fran
t cruse by the corporation when issuing
bonds was a U ood starting point. Thi
Pe 'Fi k Was lhen laken ander advisement.
Ihe boara will meet again to-morrow.
Second Beit in th« State.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— Company
F, N. G. C, of this city is very proud of
its standing among the lifty-seven com
panies of the State. The local company
ranks as the second best company in the
guard. It is commanded by Captain
Wethern and >s connected with the Fifth
Infantry Regiment. The percentage of
the company is 4.75. Five different com
panies have the same percentage, bat
Company F of Oakland is placed at the
top.
PEIRSOL IS SAFE.
The Poundmaiter Will Not Share His
Quarters "With the City
Attorney.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— City Attor
ney Peirsol and Poundmaster Weitzel con
ferred together to-day, and both agreed
that it would not be advisable to share the
same office.
Mr. Peirsol outlined the objections that
he feared, and told Mr. Weitzel how intri
cate was the practice and interpretation
of municipal law in Oakland. Tbe neces
sity of o^uiet and freedom from probable
angry visitors was carefully and graphic
ally outlined to Mr. Weitzel, snd made the
necessary impression.
Mr. Weitzel's pound is associated with
the Humane Society, and he thought it
would not be humane to inflict tortures on
Mr. Peirsol that he would not permit on a
dumb animal, so he graciously agreed to
seek other quarters.
Hand in hand the two officials made a
tour of the hall and found a cozy alcove
that just suited Mr. Weitzel. In fact, it
suited him better, as in addition to the
ordinary entiance it contains an exit into
the Chief of Police's office, which can be
used in an emergency.
Young and Naughty.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18. — Rosina
Haasa, a pretty miss not yet 15 years of
age, has consented to be sent to Whittier
to get away from associates which have
led her astray. Her mother to-day applied
to have her daughter sent to the State
school, because she could not manage her.
She says Rosina refuses to go to school,
and lias developed such a fondness for
men's company that on several occasions
she had run away with them and remained
three days at a time.
She says on one occasion the naughty
girl went to a lodging-house on lower
Broadway and remained several days.
Another time she went to San Francisco
and stayed at a house on Fifth 3treet for
three nights.
Rosina thinks if she was sent to Whit
tier she could break herself of these bad
habits and be a better girl.
WORE A PATENT DRESS
A Pretty Copyist Waved Her
Hand and Instantly Ap
peared in Bloomers.
Half a Dczen County Officials Still
Wondering How It Was
All Done.
Oakland Ofticb Sax FRA^crsco Call,}
908 Broadway, July 13. )
Miss May McKee was the innocent and
ignorant cause of a little sensation at the
Courthouse to-day. •.,<;•
The lady is one of the most courteous
and popular of County Clerk Jordan's
copyists. She is also a very enthusiastic
cyclist Every day she goes to and irora
the hall on her trim wheel, about which
there is nothing effeminate.
This noon Miss McKee came down the
hall steps carrying her wheel. A small
coterie of officials saw her with the wbeel,
and as ebe was not dressed in any new
woman costume there was much discus
sion as to what would happen.
One of the men finally thought he had
solved the mystery by saying that the lady
had made a mistake and taken Mr. Jor
dan's wheel. No one, however, liked to
suggest to her that she had probably made
an error.
Miss McKee took her wheel to the edge
of the sidewalk and a minute later she
was spinning up Broadway in bloomers
and looking very attractive, while half a
dozen county officials were wondering at
the alacrity witu whicn the change was
made.
Miss McKee has invented a new com
bination bloomer dress. When ready to
mount her wheel she merely pulls a
string, and a second later she has some
thing in her band which she throws over
the handle-bar and is off in bloomers.
No further description of the dress has
yet been given.
A Mountain Kunawar.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.-Captain W.
11. T oiu as has just returned from a trip
in the country, where he took a stage ride
that he will not soon forget. He was on
the Quincy stage riding with the driver
when it reached Bid wells Bar.
The a river got down and attempted to
water his horses. One of the wheel
horses in swinging his head around threw
his bridle off, scaring himself and the
other horses. Off they started without a
driver. Captain Thomas reached for the
linea and attempted to stop them. The
lead horses became disentangled and
turned off the road. The other passen
gers on top of the coach were thrown one
at a time to the ground. The captain held
on to the lines trying to tarn the team off
the road for fear of beinsr dashed over an
eighty-foot embankment. They came
within three and a half feet of it by actual
measumems taken afterward, before they
were turned up the hill, where he soon
stopped them.
The driver followed, and as he passed
the passengers he thought Captain Thomas
would surely be thrown into the pit wb'ch
bad water in it. On arriving there he saw
the captain's hat floating around. Ue be
gan to look into the water, but was soon
relieved to see him coming np on foot.
JUenth of Mill WttkelUld.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— News
reached this city to-day of the death of
Miss Rose Wakefield at Los Gatos this
morning at 4 o'clock. The family left
home less than a month ago wiih.the
yonng lady in the best of health and her
sudden death will be a great shock to her
numerous friends in ttus city, where she
was raised from her infancy. Miss Rose
was one of the triplets born to Mr. and
Mrs. L. H. Waketield of 330 East Seven
teenth street, and was only 19 years old.
She has one sister living, Miss Violet, the
two young ladies bawng graduated last
Christmas from the Oakland High School.
They were always together and by many
taken for twins. The separation will be a
Keen shock to Miss Violet. She has the
sympathy of hundreds of friends in this
her hour of bereavement.
The farnUy will return home with the
remains to-morrow morning. The funeral
will take place from the family residence
Tuesday afternoon at2o'clock. Mr. Wake
nel<i is well known, having served as a
member of the City Council.
Letter From McKinley.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— After th«
ratification meeting held in the Exposition
building in honor of the nomination of
McKinley and Hobart Major & W. Wood
ward sent Mr. McKinley a copy of each of
the evening papers reporting the same and
a liearty indorsement of the ticket by the
Army and Navy Republican L ague of
tnis city. To-day he received a reply dated
July 6, in wnicti the Presidential nominee
gratefully acknowledges the compliment
and thanks him for the honors bestowed.
- - ' l/easea '••ore Land.
: OAKLAND. Cal., July 18.— J. 8. Emery
to-day leas d to the California Jockey
Club a piece of land about 325x770 fret for
five years at a cash rental of $500 a year in
advance. , It' runs /or fifteen years and en
ables the association to make another en
trance to the driving park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
INSPECTOR PIERCE
IS VERY HAPPY,
Knows Not Allopathy Nor
Homeopathy in His
Business.
JUST AN ORDINARY VET
Will Probably Not Be Removed
by the New Board of
Health.
NO PROFESSIONAL JEALOUSY
The Present Inspector Has Filled the
Office Since It Was First
Created.
Oaklanp Office San Francisco Call.^
UOB Broadway, July 18. )
Dr. F. E. Pierce, who goes out in the
early morning and intercepts the miik-
>tfillt Inspector Pteroe. Who Is Also City Veterinarian, Is Congratulating Him
self That There is Only One School cf Horse Doctoring.
men who bring their product into Oak
iand, is a happy man. He is the City Vet
erinary Inspector, and he owes his position
to the Board of Health. He is very much
more comfortable than Secretary Schafer
of the board and Inspectors Ott and
Smith, who do not kuow when the ax may
fall.
Dr. Pierces joy is based on the fact that
there is but one sciiool of horse medicine
and that he need fear nothing from a ho
meopathic Board of Health.
When the Mayor made appointments
; last week that placed the board hopelessly
in the power of trie little pill men there
was great consternation among the em
ployea oi the board. There was justifica
tion for it, for the very first tim* the board
met a homeopathic Health Ofiicer was
substituted for the regular physician,
whose term had not yet expired.
Interest next centered on the Milk
Inspector and City Veterinarian. This
place is held, and has been held since its
creation over a year aeo, by Dr. F. E.
Pierce. It was naturally supposed that
tne victors would claim the spoils and
that Dr. Pierce would go.
"I am very glad that there is but one
school of veterinary surgery," said Dr.
Pierce to-day. '"I am in conflict with no one.
I have never beard of allopathic or homeo
pathic h<«rse or cow doctorin.-. I do not
believe there is more than one school, and
naturally lam glad there is not. The new
appointees on the Board of Health are all
men of high standing, and I do not think
they have any Idea of upsetting the
present arrangement of tne bacteriological
I office."
Mayor Davie says that he is not advis
iner the Board of Health and that he has
full confidence that they can carry out
their duties. "I have no suggestions to
give them," said the Mayor to-day, "and
I have no desire to see any one dismissed
or elected. Inspector Pierce has done very
well and I believe his only enemies are
milkmen who patronize the pump and
dealers who sell impure goods."
Another American Girl.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— Word has
been received by Deputy County Clerk
Frank D. Adams and wife of the success of
their niece in her recent debut in London
musical circles. Her first dppenrance was
greeted wfth such applause that she was
forced to appear and reappear before the
curtain, Her tutor claimed that she had
the best voice of any American appearing
in London in years.
The lady in question ' is Mrs. Bertha
Harmon-Force and is well known in Oak
land. Her mother, Mrs. Dora Harmon, is
now the guest of her sister, Mrs. Frank
Adams, in East Oakland, where she will
remain until her daughter returns to this
country. Miss May Adams will then co
East with Mrs. Harmon and meet Mrs.
Force, who was her childhood's cora
pa v iO4i .^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m
More Fire Protect lon.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 18.— The fire
and water committee of the City Council
has recommended the placing of more
water hydrants, as follows: By the Oak
land Water Company, : at Twenty-third
and Webster streets," Walsworth and Moss
avenues, and : Walsworth avenue 300 feet
north of Summit ; -by '- the Contra Costa
Company, at Perry > and Chestnut streets,
Oakland and Santa Rosa avenues, and
Orange street 300 feet north of Morris
avenue^^Hi^^^HlH^H^^^^^^^^H
"The Footrace."
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 18.— The evan
gelist, John Currie, will speak at the
Young Men's Christian Association rooms
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock to men
only. His subjeci will be "The Footrace."
Mr. Currie was something of a racer
in earlier days and will be able to interest
young men.
Statement of Collections.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— Tax Col
lector J. B. Barber has turned over to the
County Treasurer the snra of $195,248 04, |
all of which is for Staie and county taxes, i
except $39 for tax deeds and lice'rise, col
lected as follows: April, $920; May, S1180;
June $2487 40. This covers a period from
October 8, 1895, to July 11, 1896.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— Rev. P. C.
Yorke will lecture «t the Macdonough
Theater Monday night for the benefit of
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. His
subject will be "The Tribulations of
Truth."
As the fame of Father Yorke both as a
lecturer and writer in defense of Catholi
city is acknowledged by all classes on this
coast it is expected the Macdonough
Theater will be filled to overflowing on
Monday niptit to hear the eloquent divine
and indeed from the sale of tickets and
the constant demand for reserved seats
that expectation is now practically real
ized.
Testimonial to Cook.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— An elaborate
and attractive programme is being ar
ranged for the testimonial which will be
tendered to retiring Manager Charles E.
Cook at the Macdonough Theater, Tues
day eyeninp, July 28. The talent to appear
will include prominent members of the
Frawley and California stock companies
and a number of leadinc specialty artists.
A grand prize cake-walk will also be a fea
ture of the performance. The sale of seats
opens next Thursday morning.
Will Have to Stand Trial.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— Attorney
Phil M.Walsh got out a writ of habeas
corpus this morniiiK on behalf of Mary
Wagner, the colored woman who shot
Mrs. Amanda Calloway recently. Prose
cuting Attoney Melvin heard of it and at
once drew up a warrant charging Mrs.
Wagner with assault to murder and had
Clerk of the Police Court Crawford take it
to Mrs. Calloway, who swor- to it.
When the habeas corpus case came up
before Judge Ogden on the ground that
there was no warrant for her arrest and
detention Mr. Melvin produced the one
just prepared. Judge Ojrdpn dismissed
the case and remanded Mrs. Wagner.
THE OBSERVER IS SEIZED,
Forms of an Atemeda Paper
Carried Away in a
Hurry.
Fee of a Reil Estate A^it— Installa-
tion of Young Endeavorers — A
New Yacht.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 18.-The "forma"
of the Observer were taken away by
Thomas M. Ball from the Telegram office
this morning, under authority from Hawks
& Shattuck, San Francisco.
The authorities in Oakland are looking
for W. H. Hill, in regard to his connec
tion with the removal of the Observer
paraphernalia, which practically paral
yzes that paper temporarily.
A Keal Estate A|t-nt's ¥—,
ALaMEDA, Cal., July 18.— Judgment
for defendant was rendered yesterday aft
ernoon in the suit of Charles Hoch auainst
O. 8. Meysell to recover $50, which he had
retained as compensation for nis services
I in connection with the sale of property of
! Joseph Miller of Railroad avenue for $2150.
Tne suit was taken to Oakland on a change
of venue from Justice Swasey's court in
Alameda Township.
A Corporation Purchase.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 18.— By a return
of real estate made to-day in the estate of
the late Samuel King it transpires that a
block of land on Webster street, between
Eagle and Atlantic avenues, has been sold
to the California Improvement Company
for the sum of $1000.
Church Installation Service.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 18.— Professor
George A. Coe of the Northwestern Uni
yenity, Chicago, will deliver a special
address to-monow evening in the Pam
ftreet M. E. Church. The occasion will be
the installation of the officers of the Young
People's Christian Endeavor Society.
Brevities.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— The de
fender of the Encinal Yacht Club's pres
tige, The Fawn, has been wholly remod
eled, and about the only original thing
left of her is the name. All those who are
not landlubbers say she will worthily up
hold the honor oJ the local yacht club.
Mrs. DeUney will not contest her hus
band's suit for a divorce, as she is very
glad to get rid of him. The case is now in
tne court commissioner's hands.
The Alameda day committee is to meet
a delegation from Oakland in the City
Hail next Wednesday evening.
Mrs. Bertholet, who keeps a small gro
cery at the foot of Park street, had her till
robbed at sundown this evening. Five
dollars and some odd cents was taken.
Identified »s a S*n Franciscan.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 18.— The remain*
of a man found in the bay near the Mole
were identified to-day as those of Giacomi
Demater of San Francisco. He is a
married man, but there was no evidence
produced at to-night's inquest to show
whether he committed suicide or met
| death by accident.
In the Baidar Valley, near Balaklava, in
the Crimea, there stands a walnut tree
which must be at least 1000 years old. It
yields annually from 80,000 to 100,000 nuts,
and is the property of five Tartar families,
who share its produce equally.
STILL RISKING
INFANTS' LIVES,
Street- Car Companies Are
Ignoring the Safety-
Ordinance.
RUNNING GREAT RISKS.
City Attorney Peirsol Speaks
About Culpable Negligence
at Crossings.
BIG DAMAGES ARE CERTAIN.
Fenders for Cars Are Again Receiving
the Attention of the
Council.
Oaklaxd Office Pas Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 18. j
Two bright little girls are in Mountain
View Cemetery who should be the delight
and the pride of their parents. Unless the
law specially passed to prevent such fatal
ities is enforced there will soon be a recur
rence of that fatal night several months
ago.
When the two little Booth girls were
killed in West Oakland by an- electric car
as they were going to meet their father
after his day's work, great indignation was
expressed by the pubiic. The result was
the passage of an ordinance making it a
misdemeanor for cars to pass one another
within fifty feet of a street crossing. They
were also forbidden to pas 9 each other at a
greater speed than four miles an hour.
Neither ordinance has been obeyed and
complaints are being made every day of
the narrow escapes of womeu and chil
dren at street crossings.
At Thirteenth and Broadway this after
noon two cars of the same line that killed
the Booth girls were passing right on the
crossing. A lady with a baby in a buggy
was coming down Broadway and had
safely passed the rear of one car and was
on her way across the second track. To
her surprise she encountered another car
going in the opposite direction in direct
violation of the ordinance. The lady
screamed and but for the timely help of
some people he/ buggy would have been
smashed.
To make matters still worse the car
which she liad avoided was being closely
followed by another one and after avoid
ing the second car she was in danger of
collision from a third. These situations
are provided for in the ordinance.
The matter was called to the attention
of City Aitorney Peirsol, who said the
police should be instructed to rigidly en
force the ordinance.
"Should any more accidents occur,"
said Mr. Peirsol, "tbe very tact of the cars
being together at a crossing will be abso
lute proof of negligence on the part of t c
car employes. There are already several
suits in the courts for heavy damages, but
they all occurrei before tbe passage of the
ordinance. There is no doubt about us
violation, and it is to be hoped that it will
be enforced before any more people are
killed."
The Street Committee of the City Coun
cil met last night and discussed the sub
ject of fenders for streetcars. An ordi
nance was passed nearly a year ago order
ing all companies to place proper guards
on their cars, but so far nothing has been
done. The committee will refer to the
matter again next week.
A few days ago a fender on an Alameda
electric-car picked up a boy comparatively
uninjured who had wandered on the
track. This is the only fender known to
have performed such a feat, and its in
ventor is trying to have the Council ac
cept it as a standard.
VASTNESS OF ST. PETER'S.
It Produces Almost the Kflfect of Terror
on the Mind.
The building is so far beyond any famil
iar proportions that at first sight all de
tails are lost upon its broad front. The
mind and judgment are dazed and stag
gered. The earth should not be able to
bear such weieht upon its crust without
crackling and bending like an overloaded
table. On each side the colonnades run
curving out like giant arms, always open
to receive tbe nations that go up there to
worship. The dome broods over all, like
a giant s head motionless in meditation.
The vastness of the structure takes hold
of a man as he issues from the street by
which be has come from Sant' Angelo. in
the open space 'in the square and in the
ellipse between the colonnades and on the
steps, 200,000 men could be drawn up in
rank and liie, horse und foot and guns.
Excepting it be on some special occasion,
there are rarely more than two or three
hundred persons in sight. The paved
emptiness makes one draw a breath of
surprise, and human eyes seem too small
to take in all the flatness below, all the
breath before and all the height above.
Taken together, the picture is too big
for convenient sight. The impression it
self moves unwieldly in the cramped
brain. A building almost five hundred
feet high produces a monstrous effect Upon
the mind. Set down in words v descrip
tion of it convevß no clear conception;
Been for the first time the impression pro
duced by it cannot be put into langua c.
It is something like a shock to the intelli
gence, perhaps, and not altogether a pleas
ant one. Carried beyond the limits of a
mere mistake exaggeration becomes cari
cature: but when it is magnified beyond
humanity's common measures it may ac
quire an element approaching to terror.
The awe-striking giants of mythology were
hut magnified men. The first sight of St.
Peter's affects one as though, in the every
day streets, walking among one's fellows,
one should meet with a man forty feet
high. — Marion Crawford, in the Century
for July. _
THE PENALTY OF HUMOR.
Why Was Not Franklin Asked to Write
Ihe Declaration of Independence?
When the time came for tbe people oi
the thirteen united colonies to proclaim to
the world that they were free and that
they held themselves absolved from all
allegiance to tbe British crown, nnu tnat
all political connection between them and
Great Britain was totally dissolved, a com
mittee of the Continental Congress was
appointed to draw up a declaration of
independence. The members of this
committee were Benjamin Franklin of
Pennsylvania, John Adams of Massa
chusetts. Roger Sherman of Connecticut,
Robert R. Livingston of New Yort and
Thomas Jefferson of Virginia. Why
was it that their colleagues com
mitted the writinc of the Declaration of
Independence to Thomas Jefferson and
not to Benjamin Franklin r The Virginian
was not the most prominent man even of
his own section, and, although his reputa
tion could not be fairly termed local, it
was but little more, while the name of the
Pennsylvanian was well known through
out the whole civilized world. Franklin
was not only the foremost citizen of Phila
delphia, where the Congress was sitting,
he was the most experienced publicist and
the most accomplished man of letters in
all the thirteen colonies; and he was spe
cially well equipped for the drawing up of
an appeal to Europe, as ne had but just
returned from London, where he haa been
pleading the cause of his countrymen with
indomitable courage and indisputable skill.
Yet Franklin was not asked to write the
Declaration of Independence; and, al
though he and Adams made a few verbal
amendments, the credit of that great state
paper belongs to Jefferson. And why was
it that this responsibility was placed on
Jefferson and not on Franklin?
I think the explanation lies in the fact
that Franklin was a humorist. Not only
wav Franklin's sturdy common-sense felt
to be too plain a homespun lor wear in the
courts of Europe, when the thought
nee.ted to be attired in all the lofty rhet
oric that the most fervid enthusiasm could
produce, bat also, I fear me greatly, his
colleagues were afraid that Franklin would
have his joke. It would be a good joke,
no doubt — probably a very good joke; but
the very best of jokes would uoi be in
keeping with the (stately accasion. They
were acute, those leaders of the Continen
tal Congress, and they kney that every
man has the defects of his qualities and
that a humorist is lik-ly to be lacking in
reverence, and that the writer of the Dec
laration of Independence had a theme
which demanded the most reverential
treatment.
So it was that Benjamin Franklin had
to pay the penalty ot humor in the last
century, just as Abraham Lincoln had to
pay it in this century. Because Lincoln
was swift to seize upon an incongruity,
and because he sought relief for his abid
ing melancholy in playiuiness, there were
not a few who refused to take him seri
ously.
Even after his death there were honest
folk who held the snrewdest and lottiw-t
of our statesmen to have been little better
ihiin a buffoon. Of the three greatest
Americans — Franklin, Washington and
Lincoln, two were humorists; and it is,
perhaps, his deficiency of humor which
makes Washington seem a mile remote
from us and less f rien Uy than either of
the others. — Harper's Magazine.
ROYAL TELEPHONES.
All the Palaces of Europe Provided
With the Instrument.
Now that Queen Victoria has at length
permitted the installation of the telephone
at Winusor Castle, Osborne House, BaU
moral and Buckingham Palace there is
not a sovereign in Europe who does not
utilize this instrument for communicating
royal and imperial wishes, as well as
commands, to subjects and officials.
Even the Pope, who has lately de
cided that, wnile a confession may
be beard over the tele i> hone, the
priest can not use the wire for tue
purpose of granting absolution, has had a
receiver installed in his private apart
ments, by means of which he often com
municates with the Propaganda Fide,
which is situated on the other side of the
Tiber and at a considerable distance from
the Vatican. It is generally his valet,
Cintra, who does the talking over the wire
for dim, but he occasionally speaks over it
himself, and only the other day, when a
Jesuit priest was taken suddenly ill during
a private audience, tlie Pope rushed to the
little redlined booth and personally
called un tue Jesuit College.
King Leopold is enabled, by means of
the telephone, to communicate with his
Ministers at Brussels, without leaving
either his palace at Lacken or his marine
residence at Ostend. When, a year ago,
tue little King of Spain was prostrated with
the measles and secluded at one end of the
huge palace at Madrid, the Queen Regent
was able to hold intercourse with him,
located in a distant wing of tne edifice, not
only daily, but almost hourly, over the
wire.
Queen Victoria, however, is so ultra
conservative that it is most difficult to get
her consent to any modern innovation,
and it was only two years ago that she
permitted tne installation of electric light
in the state departments at Windsor.
Previously electricity, &s well as gas, had
been uncompromisingly barred from her
private apartments. Yet it is almost im
possible to exaggerate the importance of
thus placing the various residences of the
Queen in telephonic communication with
i London, as far as the transaction of official
business is concerned.
Until now, whenever the Queen was de
sirous of consulting one of her constitu
tional advisers upon any point, or when
any Cabinet Minister had some matter of
urgency to impart to her Majesty, the un
fortunate dignitary nad to travel all the
way from Windsor to Balmoral — atwentv
four hours' journey — or to Osborne, which
entailed a sea trip across the stormy
Solent, very often for the sake of only ten
minutes' talk with the sovereign. Then,
too, Lord Salisbury and even Mr. Cham
berlain, both of ihtm busy men, have had
to spend a good deal of their timeexpiain
ing matters to the Queen in writing, the
library at Buckingham Palace containing
many volumes of letters such as these,
written to the Queen by her various Min
isters through her long reign of well-nigh
sixty years. Henceforth tue Queen will
be in a position to be consulted by her
Ministers at a moment's notice, which
will greatly simplify matters.
In the same proportion that the Queen
is old fashioned in her views, in her sur
roundings, in her manner and in her ap
pearance, so is the Prince of Wales up to
date. Marlborougli Hous- and Sandring
nam are litted up with telephones and
electric lights in the most approved style.
Should the Prince survive his motuer, his
advent to the throne is likely to be
marked by all sorts of innovations, which
will have the effect of simplifying the
present intricate manner of conducting
the business of state.
In this respect he resembles his nephew,
Emperor William of Germany, whose pre
dilection for the telephone is a source of
disgust to the various Government officials
at Berlin. There are instruments in his
library and working-room, as well as in a
number of other of the imperial apart
ments, and he is ail day long engaged in
ringing up one Government official or an
other, or else talking with his friends and
courtiers over the wire. He seems to find
the same pleasure in calling up the various
Government departments over the tele
phone that he does in alarming the various
garrisons, at night time, being evidently
under the impression tUat by so doing he
keeps the officials strictly attentive to their
duties, and convinced that if not the eye,
at any rate the ear, of the Emperor is upon
them.
Although it may flatter the pride of the
telephone people at Berlin to have the
Emperor among the subscrioers of the
system, yet he gives them tar more trouble
than any other subscriber. For when he
telephones to any of the Government de
partments tne operators at tbe central
office are under tbe strictest orders to ab
stain from listening to the conversation. —
New York Mail and Express.
SCENERY OF GUIANA.
.! : ■ •
nation Can Picture.
Whatever discomforts the traveler may
have to undergo in journeying through
Guiana he is compensated for them by the
scenery, which is more enchanting than
the loftiest flights of tbe imagination can
picture. As soon as you leave the low
swamps at the great mouth of the Orinoco
River tbe land rises gradually toward the
lmataca range, the peaks of which are
clearly ontiined against the clear tropic
sky. Still farther into the interior, follow
ing the windings ot the Rio Cuyuni, the
green banks of which are bright with scar
iet passion flowers, you see more moun
tain peaks, and innumerable cascades and
waterfalls 'unibling and roaring over rocks
that raise their black heads above tbe sur
face of the water. On all sides countless
parasites entwine themselves in the most
intricate and fantastic fashion around the
branches of the lofty trees.
It was my good fortune to reach one of
the loftiest of the Iraataca peaks just at
sunset, the hour that most impresses all
travelers. To the sooth and east, as far as
'the eye conld reach, the scene was one of
indescribable beauty and grandeur. Be
Auction Sales
AUCTION SALE.
Monday July 20. I «96, Z P. M.
i3:BVAuMIA STRKKT.
Administrator's Sale -of Fine Stock of
- ■ Hard war.-. Dealers, take notice. .
-- -■ • ' - L. H. KURD, Auctioneer.
low, the great Tuvuni, unknown to the
world for so many generations, but now
with a name in history, wound in and out
of the green valley like a serpent of a thou
sand colors. Tlie soft rays of the after
noon sun, glimmering ihrovhrh the mist of
waters, fell uror. ihe river in showers of
rubies, sapphires and diamonds. Soon
darkness closed upon the valley, for in the
tropics the twilight in as brief as it is en
trancing; and on ail sides the tiny camp
fires of the Indians twinkled like myriads
of fireflies. Now and then the stillness
was broken by the night cry of some wild
animal in the distant jungle. — W. Nephew
King, in the Century for July.
BENIGN TORNADOES.
. . . ■ ■ —. — ■ - . ■ ,i.
Delivered a Huune to a Mortgagee and
Another Made a Dog Salable.
"And talking about cyclones," said the
man from Kansas, "them air twisters is
mighty queer things. This here one down
in St. Louey was-n't worth shucks com
pared wiih some we have down our way.
Why, our country had fix last summer,
but it 'pears like we wasn't going to do as
well this year. Missouri seems to be
a-settiiiL' 'em all."
The smart young man who sat beside
the Kansan threw away his cigarette, and
even tue gripman looked interested.
"You have seen a tornado, then?" said
the smart youiig man, with animation.
"Seen "em?" said the. farmer, scornfully.
"Wnv, young feller, I come from Kansas."
"Oil," sain th • smurt voting man. A
little later he ventured to remark: "Had
lots of experience with cyclones, I tup
pose."
"Experience? Naw, you don't *"t no
experience dealintr with cyclones," said
the man from Kansas, " 'e;iuse them
twisters never do the s-anic thing twice.
You just learn to din 'out ior life cellar
when you see 'era coniin'."
"They do all sons of queer t biota, I
suppose?" said tlie errpman, as 1 c ."taried
the train with a sudden bound that jostled
the smart youug man's hat over his eye.'.
"One of 'em done me a good turn once, 1 '
said the man from Kuiii-as, nioilitat.v.-ly.
"Boot and Mil Glover own the next farm
to mine out in Pawnee County, and their
crops kept availing and they kept a-i>or
rowine money off of me till they had their
fiou*e moitgaged clean up to '.he roof. It
ooked like my money was a goner, for
tney kept on losinc their corn crop every
year and I couldn't get the house 'cause
they had ■ shotgun willing lor me in the
kitchen. Well, one day 'Ions; comes mie
of these roaring cyclones, and bies;-ed if
it didn't blow that whole house over into
my pasture. Yes, sir, and drooped the
roof down on the foundations just as neat
as you could nave laid it. Looked a* if
the house had just sunk out of bight. But
then I didn't have a mortgage on the roof,
so I didn't care about thai."
"Reminds me of a story of a brother of
mine out in loway," ;.aid ihe man on the
step. "Had a fine setter dog — best hunter
in t.:e State. My brother couldn't shoot,
so he wanted to sell him. But lie couldn't,
cause the dog had a twist in his tail like a
pig. Cyclone caught that .dog out in the
buckwheat patch one day and just nach
erally ironed out that tail like a broom
stick. He sold the dog for $80 the next
week." — Chicago Daily Tribune.
GUNPOWDER IN EARLY DAYS
Possibly It W»> I si-tl in Warfare Before
the Beginning of History.
People outside of military liie who have
no connection with the making of gun
powder Know it only as a coarse, .black
powder, like black sand, which will flash
off. with a loud report if shut up in a case
ot any kind and set on lire.
It is a very queer mixture, made up of
three simple and well-known Bubstances,
no one of which will explode, although
two will burn. Nobody knows when or
bow it was discovered, lor as far back into
the dark ages as records or tradition will
carry us, we find that gunpowder, though
not used for nuns, was known. It was, no
doubt, looked upon with awe and fear by
the ancients on account of its flame, its
noise and its rending lorce; but their lim
ited mechanical skill could suggest very
little use for it.
Possibly it was used in warfare long be
fore the beginning of history : but the first
man in historical times to iorm an idea of
the terrible destruction which this awful,
bursting, tiery substance inisrht produce
was an English monk named Roger Bacon.
Monks, in his day, were the chemists,
scholars and writers of the world; and this
Roger Bacon traveled and studied much,
and made continual experiments in his
laboratory to prove for himself and to de
velop what he learned from others. He
probably saw gun powder among the Moura
in Spurn, and tried for himself its explo
sive effect Then he wrote of its composi
tion in the year 1267, and in his writing
suggested that it could be used in engines
of war to deal deatii and destruction to
armies of men.
Soou after Roger Bacon's time his
suggestions were taken up, and guns were
constructed first oy binding iron bars' to
gether with hoops to form a tube, then by
casting a tube of brass with one end closed.
Stones of suitable size were selected as shot,
and the powder had to be carried around
in chests or barrels and shoveled into the
muzzles of the guns, the stones being
rolled in after it. In spite of these draw
backs very large piins were built, for there
was one used by Mahomet II against the
Greeks at the siege of Constantinople in
1453 which threw a gtouo weighing 600
pounds a distance of one mile. — Lieutenant
John M. Eilicott in July St. Nicholas.
Tbe Duchess of Marluorouch.
The Duchess of Marlborough being
young and enthusiastic is eagerly sought
for by the promoters of charitable enter
tainments who have failed to secure ihe
presence of even the smallest royalty at
their fetes. The women who crowd to
bazaars and sucb-like joyous meetings
have read so many newspaper paragraphs
about her trans- Atlantic Grace that they
are almost aa anxious to see her as if she
were a Gorman princess distantly related
to the Queen, and they come in their
dozens to gratify their curiosity. The
Duchess was nearly paying for her good
nature one day last week. On her way
from the station to open a bazaar at Oxford
in aid of tbe Churcn Army Labor Home
the horses of her carriage s-lipt ed on the
granite in Queen street and both came
down together. Fortunately, however, no
harm was done to the occupants, and the
Duchess was able to peilorm the kind
office for which she bad con.c to the town.
There are forty-eight different materials
used in the construction of a piano, from
no fewer than sixteen countries.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
- . A i red.
" SATURDAY. July 18.
. St mr Newsboy, Fosen, « hours from Pigeon
Point. . > - • ■ ' .-■fus* i -.'
Star State of California, Green, 60V4 hours fm
Portland, via Astoria 40% hours; pass and mdse,
to (ioodall, Perkins <& Co.
... Sailed.
SATURDAY, July 18.
Stmr Mlneola, Pillsbury, Comox. ; •
. . ." Importation*. ,' .. 1'
I PORTLAND— Si ate af ; California— 6l sk»
mcd baric. 400 ' bbls 8911 sits !49» qr-slcsflour.
din sks oats, 1000 ska bran, 1290 sks short, 61UO
ft maple lumber, 5>- sks wool, 260 ukgs hides and
pens, 1833 pKi;.s fruit paper, 181 a DKg!) paper, 100
bxs prunes, 176 cs canned goods, 160 haw staves.
inn Ms heads, lUOcs crackers, 63 bis . hemp, 259
bis burlap. ■.;"-.-;-;•.: .'■' .: ,
'. . Conatpnesi. '
- Per State of California— Oyster Co; E, C
Ward: M X A Wagner: SI fi Moraghan; J M Hud
dard; Cutting Packing Co: -Wells, l-'argo <& Co: O C
Hal: <£ boa; Ituulc si I!r tush Columbia; Portland
Cracker Co; C*Ufo-iiia Barrel Co; Allen >t Lewis;
■Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: ■■ Geo Morrow &Co
J P Thomas; Uclc Paper Co; S H Frank & Co: OS
Moses: Moore, Ferxuson'<fcCo; Crown Paper Co;
Otis. McAllister* Co: Kissinger & Co: J D Mitch
ell; Golden Gate Plaster Co; a Koahland & Co; S
Strauss: Tnbbs Cordage Co: Trumbull A Beebe: 0
£ i;oue& Co; £usiager& Co; J Wi* men & Sea.
1516
NEW HOME FOR
ORPHAN GIRLS,
The Maria Kip Orphanage
to Be Permanently
Located.
AN ELEGANT STRUCTURE
Cornerstone to Bs Laid in
August by the Bishop
and Clergy.
TO COST FIFTY THOUSAND.
Success of a Noted Charity— Ladies
Who Are Identified
With It.
The Maria Kip Orphanage, after eight
years' dependence upon rented premises,
is about to erect a tine building upon the
lot at tne corner of Sacramento street and
The New Maria Kip Orphanage to Be Erected at the Corner of Sacramento S reet ar.d Seventh
Avenue.
Seventh avenue, which was acquired for
this purpose about two years ago. The
new building will have a frontage of 100
feet on Sacramento street and a depth of
176 feet on Seventh avenue. The lot is ]
120 by 560 feet in dimensions and ample in
size for such additions as the future
demands of the orphanage may require.
The building will consist of a finished
basement, two full stories and an attic and
will be sufficiently large to accommodate
150 children. In the basement will be
located the kitchen and dining-rooms with
laundry and servants' rooms. The first
floor will contain the office, reception
rooms, chapel and a ward for the younger
children, and in the second will be placed
the dormitories and rooms for attendants,
while the attic will be devoted to infirmary
wards and storerooms. The proposed
plans for ventilating and heating the
building are most complete and fully up
to the most exacting requirements. The
building is to be of brick with stone trim
mings in simple California atyle and when
furnished will cost $50,000.
The Maria Kip Orpiianage was founded
in 1888, and is ah offshoot of the Bishop
Armitage Orphanage, now located in San
Mateo. Originally both boys and girJs
were received in that institution, but its
rapid growth necessitated a separate or
jihanage for girls. In 1888 fourteen girls
were transferred from the Armitage to a
temporary building located at 570 Harri
son street. This was the beginning of the
Maria Kip Orphanage. For six years the
institution was carried on at the Harrison
street location until the building' became
overcrowded, and a year ago last August
the orphanage was removed to the spacious
Latham mansion at 638 Folsom street.
There are now 85 young girls in the or
phanage, all that the building will accom
modate. Applications for admissions are
received almost daily, but have to be re
fused.
The new bnilding will be completed in
a year, when the lease of the premises now
occupied will expire, and at least fifty new
girls can be received. It is anticipated
that even with the larger structure the
applications will continue to tax the
capacity of the orphanage, and provision
has been made for future enlargement
whenever the resources of the institution
will admit.
The founderjof tne Maria Kip Orphanage
is fsister Anna of the Sisters of the Good
Shepherd, and to her. remarkable capa
bility and energy the success of this noble
charity is largely due. Associated in the
management the list of officers of the
orphanage embraces the names of ladies
who are noted for high social position and
philanthropic enterprise all over the State.
Miss Gwinn is presideut; Mrs. D. S.
Wood, vice-president; Mrs- Woodward,
secretary; Miss Mary Heath, correspond
ing secretary, and Mrs. Sidney Worth,
treasurer. The board of directors includes :
Mrs. Sanchez, Mrs. Asbury, Mrs. Dr. Det
rick, Mrs. Buckingham, Mrs. Melton and
Miss Maynard.
Work on the new orphanage will begin
at once and on the 26th of August the
cornerstone will be laid by the Bishop of
the diocese, assisted by all the clergy of
the jurisdiction. The ceremonies will be
oi an elaborate character and conducted
with great ecclesiastical pomp. Piercy <£■
Hamilton are the architects.
HIT WITH A PITCHER.
While Kn c « B ed in a Brawl R. C. Bich-
ardion Receives Sixteen Severe
Cuts on the Head.
R.. C. Richardson, living at 521 A
Natoma street, and his next door neigh
bor, Edward Fisher, had a row ou the
steps that lead to the flats in which both
live last evening, which resulted in the
former receiving sixteen severe cut* on
the face and head.
It seems that the two men engaged in a
drunken quarrel on the 4th of last July,
and bad blood has existed between them
ever since.
Fisher met Richardson on the steps last
night, called him a vile name and then
struck him with a pitcher.
REPUBLICAN WOMEN.
Their State Central Club to Be Ad
dre*sed by McKinley'g Cousin.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club will meet next Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock in Justice of the Peace Groe
zinger's courtroom.
Colonel T. V. Eddy, Judge Groezinger
and Benjamin L. McKinley, cousin of the
Presidential nominee, have been invited to
attend, and address the meeting.
LIFE GREW WEARISOME
Despondent Over Luck of Employment
John W. Newell, a Traveling: Sales-
man, Commits Suicide.
John W. Newell, a traveling salesman,
was found dead in bed in his room at the
Royal House, 126 Ellis street, yesterday by
A. W. Turpin, the keeper of the lodging
bouse.
The immediate cause of death was an
overdose of morphine, which had evi
dently been administered knowingly, as a
note lying on a table near by reauested
that his brother, Arthur D. Newell, book
keeper for Newell & Brother at 217 Davis
street, be notified of his decease.
The dead man's relatives live at 1721
Eddy street, and the only tenable reason
for his committing suicide seems to lie in
the fact that he had grown despondent
from being unable to tind employment.
STANFORD ALUMNI MEET.
Hold a Banquet aud Decide Upon a
Memorial Plate.
A number of members of the first class
that entered Stanford University held a
reunion and banquet last night at one of
the well-known cafes.
Those present were: Tracy Russell,
a student at the College of Physicians and
Surgeons Ui New York City; Alfred Fra
ser, a atudent in the Harvard Law
School; William Harrelson, one of
the surveyors in Golden Gate Park;
George Crothers and Charles Newman,
postgraduate law students at Stanford;
William Gutb, a local attorney; James
Langford, a civil engineer soon to estab
lish himself in Arizona; Jack Sbeehan,
connected with Tirey Ford's law office in
this City ; Charley Fields, interested in a
local insurance office ; Archie Rice of Thk
Call; William Stuart, a young attor
ney of Montgomery street: Walter
Hyde, connected with the Edison Elec
ric Li^nt and Power Company, and Arthur
Burnett, an electrical engineer with the
Piedmont Power Company, all graduates
with the class of '95, and Henry Cory and
Grant Calhoun, students at Cooper Medi
cal College; Charley Adams, a member of
the local school supply firm of Ray <fe
Adams; and Percy King, the clerk of the
Board of Education, all of whom were for
several years members of the pioneer
class that began as freshmen, according to
the college song, in "The days of beer, the
days of cheer, the days« o! 91."
Jack Sbeehan acted as toastraaster, and
speeches were made by the four presidents
of the class — Adams, Crothers, Rice and
Lan^ford. Charley Field read an original
poem composed for the occasion, and
every one present characterized his post
college experience with a story.
A committee was appointed to collect
funds for a memorial plate, which will be
imbedded in the quadrangle some time in
August, as a reminder oi the class that
entered Stanford 360 strong and graduated
the largest number that has yet been
turned but from any college west of the
Mississippi.
RUN AWAY YOUNGSTERS,
Secretary Welsh Reports Their
Number as Deplorably
Large.
Three of the Latest Cases Cited in
Support of His Discouraging
Assertion.
"I don't know what the young people
nowadays are coming to," observed Secre
tary Welsh of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children. "Cases
are constantly coming in, and their
hopeless similarity is appalling. It seems
common now to hear of young girls main*
taining strong, healthy men, while run
away boys are quite the order of the day.
"Take for example two brand-new cases.
Otto Durbrow, a boy ot 15 years, of good
family and fine manners, ban fled the
town in company with a lad of about his
own age named Garfield Carnell. The
parents, of course, are distracted. It is
thought the boys went to Sacramento, and
every effort to find them and bring them
back is being put forth. Another and a
similar case is that of John Hook, about
14 years of age, who left town with a Mex
ican ot 25 years, or thereabouts. They
are supposed to have cone to Fresno en
route for Mexico.
"And when it comes to gone-astray
young girls their name is legion. Our
latest case in that line is a sad though
common one, and the more sad because so
common. Bertha Smith, a girl of 15, was
enticed from her home by a grown man,
with whom she went to reside in a Mont
gomery-street lodging-house. At the
urgent request of her guardians she was
placed under legal restraint by Officer
Anthony and sent by Judge Campbell to
the Girls' Training Home. She has run
away four or five times and was warned
by tne Judge thut the next offense would
be punished by imprisonment.
"This tuing has corn* to be regarded as
an old, old story, and more's the pity. If
the law would only exert its utmost rigor
upon the adults who pervert the youth of
the City, some improvement might be
brought about."
Crepe and plain tissue in ail the new tints,
fancy squares, for making paper flowers, wire
frames, lamp shades and artificial plants.
Lessons given. Tissue paper department, San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
A Footles* Bicycle Rider.
A novel sight on the streets of Hudson
is that of a 13-year-old boy without feet
riding a bicycle. The boy's name is Carl
Burger, and he lost his feet when an infant
by coming in contact with a mower. He
propels the wheel by means of cups on
the pedals into which be puts his wooden
stumps, and gets around as easily and en
joys the sport as much as any one who
does not labor under such disadVantges. —
Detroit Free Press.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
REV, MR, RADER
AT HOME AGAIN,
His Impressions of the
Christian Endeavor
Congress.
A GRAND GATHERING.
The Pastor Says Something
Ahout the Way in Which
He Was Kept Busy.
"THE CALL" WENT WITH HIM.
Vivid Word-Pictures of Sights and
Scenes in the National
Capital.
"I have had The Call sent to me during
my absence, and it has seemed like ar. old
and friendly companion in my jonrney-
ings, and now the first one to bid me wel
come home is a Call man."
So said the Rev. William Rader, pastor
of the Third Congregational Church, as he
sat yesterday evening in his cozy study in
the parsonage on Hill street, tired and
weary after his warm trip over the plains;
but frank, genial and buoyant as ever.
The house was redolent of sweetest per
fumes. Kind friends, learning that their
pastor was to reach home in the evening,
bad spent the afternoon adorning the
house tor his receptien, and then with rare
tact had gone their way, thus giving their
father and friend a chance to rest after his
journey.
Fiowers were seen and their scents in
haled on every hand. The front parlor
was embowered in La France rose?, no
other flower being visible, the general
effect being indescribably beautiful. In
the back parlor carnations reigned in all
their brilliant, fragrant loveliness. Here
was no "color line," as in the front parlor,
and the Vartlingly vivid yet exquisitely
harmonious contrasts displayed were most
effective.
The study — whether as a compliment to
the pastor or no, deponent tayeth not —
was radiant with bright-eyed "tweet Wil-
The Rev. William Rader, Pastor of the Third' Congregational Church.
[Reproduced from, a photograph.]
liams," rendering the little sanctum yet
more fitting for its cheery occupant.
"There's no use denying it," went on
Mr. Rader, with a sigh of satisfaction,
"I'm glad to get back. The moist, sticky
heat of the States came near being too
much for us. My wife and my little boy
Phil went with me. and they enjoyed the
Eastern weather about as much as I did.
And then coming across the plains my
lungs got full of alkali dust, which has
given me a nasty, nagging, barking cough
that seems to have come to stay.
"But I enjoyed the meetings I attended,
though I was' made to work. To be^in
with 1 was sent as a delegate to the eighth
annual session of the International Sun
day-school Association. This organiza
tion has representatives from ail the
evangelical f rotestant denominations and
is devoted to propagation of the best
methods of religious instruction. They
put me on the special committee ap
pointed to prepare a six years' course of
biblical instruction for Sunday-school
pupils. We met at Tremont Temple in
Boston and fora time had our hands full."
It may be noted in passing that the
work to which Mr. Rader refers in such
modestly general terms is one requiring
no small degree of thought as well as a
thorough knowledge of the Holy Scrip
tures. Hence it is never confided to any
but the most profound biblical students.
Men of thejjstamp of Bishop Vincent ana
others of h"s school have taken pride in
working on similar committees in past
years.
"When they let me get away from Bos
ton," pursued the pastor, "I went for a
breathing spell to my old home, near
Philadelphia. There, amid the scenes and
faces endeared to mv boyhood, 1 passed a
short season of rare happiness. But I
."■oon realized that earthly joys are fleet
ing. Oft to Washington I must go to at
tend the International Christian Endeavor
Congress.
"I tell you. that was a congress," mused
the reverend gentleman. "There were so
many thonsands.there, so many addresses
were delivered and so many grand ideas
forced into my head that I feel as though
I would need a year to formulate a co
herent statement of my recollections.
"Did I st>eak? you ask. Yes, I had to
deliver three formal addresses. The first,
on 'Growtu in the Spiritual Lile,' was de
livered in the Metropolitan African Meth
odist Church, one of the largest church
buildings in Washington. This is what
you would call a 'fashionable' colored con
gregation. There Is good, solid religion
among the members, but they have style,
I education and exquisite refinement as
well.
"Then I spoke at the Calvary Baptist
Church on 'Christian Citizenship' to one
of the largest audiences I have ever ad
dressed. My last formal speech was when
Airs. Prances Clark, wife of the president
of the congress, and I addressed the body
on the 'Importance of Christian Youth as
a t actor in the Church and Nation.' And
now," said the pastor, in a decided tone,
"you have made me talk too much about
myself and I refuse to answer any more
questions about the Rev. Mr. Rader's
doings. 1 '
"A graceful incident came under^my ob
servation while I was in Washington. In
a Jarge space back of the White House,
called the 'White lot,' the congress had
three monster tents, each capaole of con
taining about 10,000 persons. During a
rainstorm one of these tents fell and was
much damaged. Immediately the Penn
sylvania Railway Company sent a ciiect
for $1000, requesting us to employ it in re
pairing the tent and refitting it for use
without delay.
"The keynote of the Congress as given
by President Clark was 'Spiritual Power 1 ;
but the speakers seemed more inclined to
aweli upon 'Reform' in its widest sense.
The need for a reraady able to prevent a
recurrence of outrages like those recently
perpetrated in Armenia, the rights, duties
and responsibilities of the Christian citi
zen, and the relations among young peo
ple and civic life were among the matters
exhaustively discussed and ably treated.
I can only say that I learned a great deal
by merely listening.
"It may be owing to the love of things
spectacular, which seems to be innate in
the human heart, but my most vivid recol
lection oi the congress takes me back to
the immense popular demonstration on
the st ps oi the Capitol. What a sight it
wa> ! Thousands upon thousands crowded
the space about that grand building, the
choir alone numbering 4000 voices. The
great Marine band was there, its members
in spotless uniforms of white duck; but
the volume of human voices kept the ac
companiment from being heard.
"A banner was presented to the En
deavorers of Cleveland, Ohio, for the most
efficient work during the year, and many
kind things were said about California,
wnere a treat number of members hope
to come next year; but I, like the boys
and men who filled th 6 trees or looted
down on the glorious scene from the Capi
tol dome, could only rejoice that I was
able to figure as an atom in that mighty
mass of workers for the right."
ST. VINCENT D E PAUL'S DAY.
General Meeting of the Branches to Be
Held To-Day.
The following circular letter has been
sent to all the members of the Society of
St. Vincent de Paul calling attention to
the general meeting of the conferences of
the society to be held to-day.
Sak Francisco, July 13, 1896.
Sir and Dear Brother: In accordance with
the rules of the society the conferences will
assemble in the hall of St. Bridget's Church,
Broadway, near Van Ness avenue, on Sunday
morniug, July 19 (the feast of our patron
saint), at half-past 7 o'clock, thence to the
church to receive holy communion at 8
o'clock mass.
A general meeting of the conferences will be
held in the hall at 3 o'clock in the afternoon
of the same day.
Secretaries of conferences are requested to
bring their reports to the meeting.
Fraternally yours, in St. Vincent de Paul,
John M. Burnett, President.
P. J. Thomas, Secretary-
The Two O'Clock Train.
It was a very small Western town, and
the only train out that night left at 2
o'clock.* The traveling man had impressed
upon the night porter of the hotel the im
portance of calling him in time for this
train. Promptly at 1:30 a prodigious
knock roused the sleeper.
"Say! be yez the man what wants the 2
o'clock thrain?"
"Yes," was the sleepy reply from witnin.
"Well, yez can shlape an hour longer,
for she's so much lute.
The heavy feet shuffled off down the hall
and silence ensued. Another hour had
passed, when Pat again knocked.
"Say ! be yez the felly what said he
wanted to ketch the 2 o'clock thrain?"
"Yes!" and there was a sound of the
man hastily springing from his bed.
"Well," drawled Pat, "yez can go back
to bed again, fer she's another hotir late."
A forcible remark or two proceeded from
the traveling man's room, and were audi
ble to ins awakened neighbors, as was the
departure of Pat, but soon all was quiet
again, and the few occupants of the hotel
were left for some time to undisturbed re
pose. Just as the .first faint strokes of
dawn were tingelng the sky Pat once more
made his presence known, and, in terms
giving unmistakable evidence of recent
and heavy slumber, remarked:
"Say! if yez was the felly what wanted
to ketch the 2 o'clock thrain, yez can
shlape till mornin', fer, be<iad, the blame
thing's gone."— Harper's Drawer.
• — « — •
There are 20,000 hounds in Great Britain
used ior hunting purposes.
ASPHALT LAID
DESPITE THE LAW,
The Market-Street Railroad
Defies the Bitumen
Ordinance
AND NOBODY HEEDS IT.
An Interdicted Pavement Is
Put Down on Folsom
Street
BETWEEN STREET-CAR TRACKS.
How the Notorious Order Has
Been Violated Without
Hindrance.
There is an order in force to the effect
that only one kind of bituminous rock can
be used for pavement in the streets of San
Francisco. It was passed several months
ago over the Mayor's veto and against his
most vigorous protest, and at the time of
its passage this order was notorious as the
"monopoly bituminous-rock ordinance."
Since it became a law but one variety of
bitumen has been used, for contractors
could not risk ignoring the law.
The Southern Pacific, however, has
never given this order a thought, but, on
the contrary, has without even the form
ality of a notice to the Supervisors coolly
gone to work in disregard of such trifles
as City ordinances and put down a pave
ment of its own — asphaltum.
Not even members of the Folsom-street
Improvement Club were aware of what was
taking place under their eyes. They saw
workmen laying what seemed to be
bituminous rock on *Folsom street, be
tween the car tracks, and indee 1 that por
tion of the street when paved by the
Southern Pacific differed none in general
appearance from the strips of bitumen on
each side and next to the sidewalks.
There wns a concrete foundation, also a
layer of black material similar in all re
spects to bitumen. But there was a de
cided difference after all. The railroad's
pavement was asphaltum, one of the
bituminous materials especially inter
dicted by the bitumen ordinance.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the Board of Supervisors, but so
far nothing has been done in the premises.
That part of the order which deals di
rectly on the creation of a monopoly is as
follows:
Order prescribing general rules and specifi
cations relating to the materials to be used
and the mode and manner of tne performance
of street work to b« done in the City and
County of San Francisco.
The bituminous rock used ehall be of the
be s t, [and shall contain not less than 12 per
cent of bitumen. The bitumen contained in
the material shall be such that non«» of it will
vaporize below a temperature of 250 degrees
Fahrenheit, and of such a quality as to make a
good cement.
The bituminous rock must also be free from
clay and vegetable matter. In reducing the
rock preparatory to laying it shall not be done
in open kettles, or by any other process liable
to burn or destroy tne oil or bitumen in the
rock.
Further, the rock used shall be in the condi
tion as taken from the mines in its natural'
state and delivered in the streets where the
work is being done, and without having been
Ereviously disintegrated. The rock shall be
eated until it melts and becomes disinte
grated, and shall be uniformly spread over
the foundation of concrete and rolled while it
is warm with rolJers weighing not less than
250 pounds to the lineal foot and about two
and a half leet in length uutil the layer thus
superimposed presents a uniform surface and
has a thickness of two aud a half inches.
In his veto of this order Mayor Sutro
stated that it was the admitted opinion of
numerous experts at a ppecial. meeting in
his office that the order was defective in
at least two* respects. "The requirement
of closed kettles," wrote the Mayor, "had
the effect of excluding certain contractors
who have stationary plants. The require
ment of the natural condition of the rock
wouid exclude certain contractors and also
make complete the railroad monopoly that
would have the transportation."
The order shut out bitumen concerns
which gave no business to the Southern
Pacific Company, since their quarries were
not on the lines of railroad, while quarries
at Santa Cruz alone were given the ex
clusive privilege of supplying the bitumin
ous pavement of San Francisco. Tnis
pleased the railroad company, but when
the time came for that corporation to use
a bitumen pavement it. undertook, as a
matter of course, to lay asphaltum from
its mines at Asphalto, Kern County.
It was explained nt the Supervisors' of
fice yesterday that the railroad company
' ■ v^^s ' '! ' ffi^y^Tflf wft gift tv.
CLEARANCE f^ffi
PRICES TALK !
Ladies' Oxfords and Southern Ties.
ffi«l .35 Ladies' Fine Paris Kid Cloth" Top Soutli-
«lD -I em Ties,' hand-turn sole, needle toe and
patent tip, all sizes, all width 5.:........... ci; 0.00
Reduced fr0m:...........;.'..........-....;. <Jp^(
CJj "1 .45 Ladies' Tan Kid Oxfords, tnrn sole, cloth
tID-l- or kid top. needle toe. V-shape ffl>«).00
Up, all sizes and widths. Reduced from.' tJS-J
Q»1 .95 Ladies' Fine Tan Kid Cloth Top south crn
tIP i Ties, hand-turn sole, needle or narrow
square ' toe, V-shape tip, all sizes, all ' Q.OO
widths. Reduced from tire)
0 0.1 5 Ladies' Tan Vie! Kid Cloth Top Southern
<3P.£ Ties," Louis" XV heel, hand-turn sole,
needle toe and tip, all sizes and widths. QD.SO
Sold regularly for «^p O — —
NEW TO-DAT-DRI GOODS.
IMPORTANT
AMCBT!
Owing to the late arrival of a very
large shipment of Cotton Wash Fab-
rics we will offer, commencing MON-
DAY, July 20th, 1500 pieces BEST
QUALITY PRINCESS DUCKS and
TAILOR MADE SUITINGS, all staple
colors, at
Qip
O 3 " P^ Yard
The sale of these goods will con-
tinue until our semi=Annual Stock-
Taking, which takes place July 31st,
and our customers in. the interior are
requested to write for samples at once.
The above goods are sold everywhere
in the United States at 12^c per yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
claimed the right to lay whatever pave
ment it pleased between tracks on accepted
streets. But no explanation could be of
fered in reply to the question why asphal
tum should be permuted or accepted,
when another class of this pavement" was
prohibited by the notorious order, and
only one exactly specified quality of bitu
minous rock could lawfully be laid any
where in the City and County of San Fran
cisco.
TO HONOR ST. IGNATIUS.
Special Service* to Be Held at the
Jesuits' Cliurch in .Memory of
Their founder
A solemn novenain honor of St. Ignatius
Loyola, founder of the Society of Jesus,
will commence next Wednesday evening
at 7:30 o'clock at St. Ignatius Church.
There will be special sermons each even
ing of the nine clays' season of prayer, and
the order of services will be both interest
ine and devotional.
On tiie feast of St. Ignatius, which will
be solemnized Sunday, August 2, his Grace
the Archbishop will officiate pontificaliy.
The music on the occasion promises to be
very fine, the compositions to be rendered
never having been heard in this City.
Railway Damago Salt.
Mary A. Comcrford has sued the Sutter
street Railway Company and the California
street Railway Company (or $10,000 damages
for injuries sustained in a streetcar accident.
NEW TO-DAT.
Ladies^Boots.
C1J1.90 Indies' Fine Paris Kid Cloth Top Lace
*j5 J Boot, needle toe and patent-leather tip,
all sizes, all widths. Sdld regularly for CUQ-00
:..-... <DO— -
<2» i .45 Ladies' DoriKOla Kid Button Boots, razor
JJp L or narrow square toe, patent tip. Cl*O.'^s
I Reduced from : ....'.. ..• — ..%... *$)£ ■■
I C» 0.15 Ladies' Tan Boots, lace or button, needle
i tJT^i or narrow square toe, V-shape tip, strictly
I up-to-date style. Sold regularly for ,00.00
«U>O
I ffl»Q.Bs Ladles' French: Kid Cloth Top Lace or
! «3p— Button Boots, needle toe, V-shape patent
I tip, hand-turn sole, all sizes and widths. £• < .OO
I Reduced from ......:. ........... «]ptr
GZC Infants' Tan Kid Buttoned, with silk bows,
OO sizes Ito 6. Bold regularly for. . .'. a* "\ .OO
....:............ «Jpl
QCC Children's Tan toned, spring heels,
UO square toe and tip, straight foxed, f1P1.2 5
sizes 8 1/3 to 11. Reduced fr0m.:...; ispx
- 1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows'. Buildl ng. y: ;
Country orders receive prompt attention.
"bazaar*
Corset—-
Try One of Out
PERFECT FITTING
RandG ( -
or ; Corsets
TRY mg~-9
OUR YJ-jt/
4-BUTTON yS)[
"Irami" (M
GLOVESMW
REAL KID. f/lilf ."• ■
SPECIAL^ BIARRITZ
this \ GLOVES
WEEK I -7 So.
6- Button Length Cham0i5... ...........;....... g5
4 Button Kid. 4 Rows Embroidery ....»i 00
2-Clasp Kid, 4 Rows him ..roldery »i 00
8-Button Length "Real Kid"...:.. ....... .....»1 15
4-Kutton Length "Derby"... . . "ii 15
Bicycle 0aunt1eu. .....;.„ .. ■85«
. Note.- All Gloves guaranteed and fitted" to" th*
hand by experts. ■
THESUCCESS OF THE SEISON
THE LADIES' GRILL ion
PItAfiEHOTEL,
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKEt SI
OPEN PNTII. MIDNIGHT.'
PChlchetier'. EacUsk Di«m»nd Inu.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
£tf fTV^V i* rc ' •>*»." reU»M«. uToiKr— * M^.
c*^*epBcr^ «"»■* «« Hod ««« £s »Vrt,taflß»
In Tw? ootlt 5 r ;_ RefMt <*«»»•«>«• «<£?£?
■MmpagßtA CALIFORNIA BOY AT WEST POINT
fHE CADET.
WEST POINT
IN A. D. 1893
Trials of a Latter-
Day Candidate for
Gadetship
HoW a Ukiah Boy's Ideals of the
Civilization of the Effete
East Were Shatter ed
b\j Unpleasant
Realities
It was the middle of May, 1893. The
little city of Ukiah was in a fever of ex
citement.
The weekly papers had come ont a day
or two before with the statement that Con
gressman Geary had ordered a competitive
examination held at Santa Rosa for the
purpose of selecting an aspirant for en
trance into West Point Military Academy.
Of course, every boy in the district who
was eligible to compete Had his heart set
on going.
Among all of them there was none more
keenly desirous of the honor than I. Why
this was so has always been a mystery po
me. My ambition was not to be a soldier;
in fact, that mode of life was extremely
distasteful in my eyes. It must have been
that I bad inherited tbe instincts of a pol
itician and wanted to be known as "Major"
or "Colonel." Happily, thiß trait in my
character has since been entirely
eradicated.
After a deal of coaxing my father's con
sent to taking the examination was ob
tained, and May 26 I was in Santa Rosa,
prepared for the worst. Thirteen other
youthful candidates from the various
counties in the district were also there.
To this day it is doubtful whether they
fully understand how kind fate was to
them in defeating their hopes.
The examination was held in the high
school building before a board of three —
Attorney Burnett of Santa Rosa, Professor
Bull of Healdsburg and Professor H. C.
ADshire of Sonoma City.
The result of that examination was
that I won the appointment. Every act of
my life has pi nee been directed toward
atonement.
June 3 found me in San Francisco, under
going a physical examination at the Pre
pidio. Having been pronounced eligible
in that respect by the army surgeon, I
wandered round the City viewing the
sights lor two or three days, and then
boarded the train for West Point.
To one of my inexperience that trip was
the turning point in lite, an insight into
the vastness of the country, the grandeur
of nature, and the attainments of man.
It was also a revelation, comparatively
speaking, as sweeping as that made to the
seer of Patmos. The alkaline deserts of
Nevada and Utah, the majestic Rockies
with their snow-capped peaks towering
toward heaven in tne distance, the rolling
plains of Kansas, the Grand Canyon of tbe
Colorado, the broad "Father of Waters,"
the Windy City, Lake Erie, and lastly the
scenery along the banks of tbe Hudson
all these were to me a source of infinite
wonder and delight.
And then I saw a few things that effec
tually dispelled whatever illusions I might
have been laboring under as to the com
parative degrees of civilization attained by
the East and the West. Take the State of
New York, for instance.
"Now," I mused, "this is the oldest and
most thickly populated State in the Union ;
this is the ground stained with the blood
of our ancestors in their noble battle for
liberty; here is where the father of his
country tramped at the head of the Con
tinental army; this is tbe region where
Burgoyne met his Waterloo, where Ar
nold gained the reputation so well deserved
by all traitors, and where Nathan Hale
so nobly gave up his life in an heroic en
deavor to aid &i 8 country in her struggle
for independence; from theCatskill Moun
tains Washington Irving derived the in
spiration to write of Rip Van Winkle, and
from a dell near Tarrytown, where Major
Andre was captured, to pen the 'Legend
of Sleepy Hollow.' Surely I shall see
here the very essence of civilization and
refinement. My eyes are now going to be
hold man in the forefront of progress, and
my ears hear the polished phrase of Lind
ley Murray."
An exclamation from a passenger roused
me from my reverie. Involuntarily my
eyes sought the window. They rested on
a scene the memory of which will abide
with me for many, many years. For a
moment I was dazed. Rubbing my eyes
to clear tneir vision I loosed again.
Yes, it was bo. There could be no doubt
that I was viewing a cornfield. The stalks
with their pendent green leaves were
lightly swaying to and fro in the breeze.
The sight of a cornfield was nothing new
to me. I had seen many before.
On the edge of that cornfield stood a
woman. I was sure of that, too. When it
comes to recognizing a woman I am more
expert than in the case of cornfields.
The strange thing in connection with
the incident, however, was the woman's
garb and occupation. Her head was
crowned with a very broad-brimmed
straw hat, her dress was tucked up nearly
to the knees and her bare feet and ankles
were tanned by exposure to the elements.
Ii: her bands was a large hoe, with which
she was industriously turning the sod.
My ideas of the acme of civilization, I
plainly saw, had hitherto been sadly crude
and distorted.
On the evening of June' ll I reached
West Point, but had to go to Highland
Falls, about one and a half miles further
down the Hudson, to find board and
lodging. The accommodations there were
different from what 1 expected. The
price exacted for them also failed to har
monize with my ideas on the subject.
Tired and dusty from the long trip, a
bath was the first thought that entered ruy
mind. This desire was at once communi
cated to my hostess. Evidently she was
not prepared to hear so strange a request.
"Where did you come from?" she que
ried.
"California," was the laconic answer.
"Goodness gracious! Here, James (ad
dressing the only servant tne place af
forded), see that this gentleman is pro
vided immediately with an opportunity
for bathing."
James looked slightly dubious, but, like
the dutiful little man he was, set forth to
obey orders. In about fifteen minutes he
summoned me into a gymnasium at
tached to the building and, telling me
everything was ready, departed.
An inventory of my surroundings dis
closed the following: In the center of the
room was a small zinc tub about 1% feet
in diameter, the kind we uncivilized Cali
fornians use lor washing handkerchiefs in.
It was half filled with cold water. On a
bench near by was a bar of castile soap
and two enormous towels.
By this time it was plain to me that I
was not in touch with the age — that I was
born a few hundred 3'ears too late. But
even yet I am inclined to think it would
have been a charitable act in James to
have left me written instructions how to
proceed with the bath.
However, I managed in the course of an
hour and a half, with Jam s' co-operation
OJTC OF JHE HUDSON RIVEJ? B/\JJ4TUBS
in providing a few changes of water, to
make out fairly well. I was afterward
informed on reliable authority that this
enterprising person, on learning that I had
come lrom California, had run all the
water I used in bathing through a sieve in
search of gold dust.
The next day several 'busloads of can
didates left Highland Falls for West
Point. On the way there was a deal of
conversation anent the coming examina
tion and the felicities of West Point exist
ence, I picked up several "pointers" dur
ing that short journey. One was that in
this land of civilization the rules laid
down by Lindley Murray are in most cases
outlawed. A modern school now holds
sway, of which "Chimmie Fadden" may
be mentioned as a member in good
standing. Another thing I learned
was, that the ambition to enter
West Point does not always origi
nate in the desire to emulate the great
American generals in military prowess.
That notion is behind the times.
It is said to be the ambition
of every heiress and society girl
in that region to keep company with a
cadet. Naturally this often leads to re
tirement from the army upon graduation
from the academy and a union with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
wealth and beauty. Many of the boys, I
am happy to state, are imbued with a
more laudable aspiration. It is merely to
acquire an excellent education and then
resign.
Wnen the crowd reached the Point
everybody registered, giving age, birth
place, place of residence and name of the
Congressman who appointed him. It wa9
also necessary to file the certificate of ap
pointment.
Then we were placed under the
charge of the cadet oflicers, who took
us in a body to the commissary's quarters
and had us procure blankets, sheets, pil
lows, bowl and pitcher for water and a
few other articles necessary for existence
during the examination to follow. Then
we were marched back to the barracks
and placed three in a room.
One of the three was appointed orderly,
who was responsible for the condition in
which the room was Kept and for himself
and the other two being in bed promptly
at 10 o'clock. At exactly 5:25 a. m. reveille
was sounded in the quadrangle, ana then
began a fight against time. Every one was
expected to get into his clothes, down two
or three flights of stairs and into line in
the "quad" by 5:30 o'clock. If a man were
a moment late, one of the cadets would
run at him as he lined up as if he were
going to rush right over him, stopping
with his face within a few inches of the
"candidate's' countenance.
"Don't you know better than to get into
line late, Mister?" he would bawl. "Wait
till you get in here and we'll take that
slowness out of you."
One of the cadets then passed up the
line, grasping each one by the shoulders
and drawing them back.
•'Throw out your chins," be would howl,
"and gaze straight ahead."
If anybody laughed at any of these gen
tlemen's antics or even smiled, the cadet
who observed it would rush up to him and
yell: "Wipe that smile off your face,
Mister. Don't let me catch you at that
again."
At 6 o'clock everybody was marched to
the mess ball. The candidates had one
side of the immense building to them
selves and the cadets the other. If a cadet
caught one of the newcomers gazing at
him he would at once yell to him to "turn
those slimy orbs off me," and in case of
disobedience would rise and pound the
table with his knife.
One strapping fellow from Idaho named
Roberts once persisted in gazing at a
cadet despite tnese demonstrations and
had the whole room in an uproar. Every
cadet in the hall rose to his feet, stamped
the flop* and pounded tue table with a
knife. .Roberts calmly sat there, tilted
back in his chair, and never took his eyes
off the cadet once. They finally quieted
down, murmuring that when he was ad
mitted they would make life sore for him.
Their veracity remains unquestioned.
Another riot was precipitated by seat
ing two colored candidates at the same
table with one Dawson of Maryland. He
flatly refused to acquiesce in this arrange
ment, and made a scene by getting up
and attempting to leave the hail, but was
seized and brought back after a furious
struggle. In the interest of harmony it
was found absolutely necessary to place
him at another table.
It might be mentioned here that the lot
of a colored boy admitted to the academy
falls in stony places. He is not even con
sidered of enough importance to haze, but
is left entirely to himself, with no com
panions but his own thoughts. In course
of time the inevitable result is a resigna
tion.
There is another strange fact in connec
tion with the meas hall deserving of Inci
dental mention. The room is entirely en
circled by a row of life-sized portraits of
the famous Union generals of the Civil
War. On entering the hall nothing is seen
but blue uniforms. Turning round and
looking toward the door there appears one
solitary form in gray. That martial
figure and venerable face cannot be mis
taken—it is the likeness of "Stonewall"
Jackson.
There he stands in all his glory, in the
same attitude — one might imagine — as at
the famous battle where he gained bis
nicicnanie. His picture is the cUsd that
connects the ends of the belt of paintings
encirciinp the room.
To take up the thread of the narrative,
after the candidates had breakfasted they
were marched back to the "quad" and dis
COLONEL JOSEJ^ STEWART of
Berkeley. Who Was a Glass
mate of Qeneral Longstreet
banded. Until 8 o'clock they were per
mitted to wander round that place as they
pleased. If one of them failed to stand or
walk erect some cadet would spy him and
at once see that he did.
The finest exhibition of wrath I ever
saw in all my life was given in a case of
this kind by a cadet named Connor. A
mild-mannered youth from lowa, Murphy
by name, didn't get into position quickly
enough to satisfy this little czar of a cadet,
and the result was appalling. He just
foamed at the mouth, yelied orders with,
such strength and volubility that the
frightened air fairly quivered with the
concussion, hopped around like a Sioux
Indian engaged in the chest dance, and
gestured so frantically that his eyes bulged
out with the exertion.
It was dramatic. It was thrilling. It
was simply marvelous. Yet that cadet
wasn't in the least angry. Subsequent
events conclusively proved it. After he
j had tried this dodge on about ten candi
dates. I got used to witnessing it. At the
last the performance began to retrograde;
Connor had grown weary. But for an
exhibition of rage where none existed,
he was entitled to the laurels.
Any candidate caught with his eyes on
a cadet was promptly ordered to "turn
t&ose slimy orbs off him." ra few in
stances was this command disobeyed.
Observation showed that compliance was
not so much due to a belief in the beati
tudes as to a realization of the wrath to
come. Fear of punishment here was
greater thanthe hope of reward.
This interval between breakfast and 8
o'clock was an elysium of bliss to the
cadets. The coast was clear for hazing,
and they made hay while the tun shone.
The pranks they played were something
we never see in the wild and woolly West.
Our minds need development in this
respect. If they were a commercial com
modity we would either be obliged to have
a high protective tariff or go out of the
business.
Two candidates were inveigled into the
bathroom one morning and told to strip
off their clothing. Tney stripped without
demurring.
One of them was then plunged into a tub j
of cold water and the other into a tub of!
water about as warm as could be borne
without blistering. After they had become
acclimated their positions ware suddenly
reversed. The result can be imagined.
This trick was not tried until after the
physical examination. Those cadets pos
sessed many traits of the fox and didn't
intend to run the iisk of killing any one.
Not they! Oh, uo; this would lead to an
investigation and severe punishment. Be
sides if the victim died Le couldn't be
hazed any more.
At 8 o'clock the boys were marched to
the mess hall and put through an exam
ination until 12. The tables were all
cleared for the occasion; pen, ink and pa
per provided, and a set of questions on a
given study laid before each candidate.
Several regular officers walked monoto
nously up and down the aisles to see
that no one received any assistance from
those near him. One of the colored youths
mentioned in the foregoing was detected
in the act of copying from another's papeT
and "fired" without ceremony. This ef
fectually disposed of any further copying
which may have been contemplated.
As each boy finished he was permitted
to return to the -'quad." At 12 sharp the
laggards were forced to hand in their pa
pers. Half an hour was given for recrea
tion, and then the candidates were
marched to the mess hall again for
luncheon. At 2p. m. the examination was
continued. After 4:30 o'clock no one was
permitted to write further. Then came
dinner, a brief period for wandering around
in the "quad" and all were sent to their
rooms. The candidates' quarters were in
the barracks to the north of the square.
The room in which my two companions
and I were placed was situated near the
stairway on the second floor. A Georgian
youth named Ashley was honored by being
appointed orderly. Afterward he re
pented this distinction in sackcloth and
ashes.
A partition ran half the length of the
room. On each side was an iron bedstead.
We took turns about sleeping in bed and
on tbe floor. Each of us was forced one
night out of three to bunk on the floor.
The first evening was spent entirely in
unearthing the mysteries of the room.
The ingenuity with which its former oc
cupants had managed to conceal pro
scribed articles was almost incredible.
Holes had been cut in the baseboards and
the pieces of wood taken out cleverly re
placed. In one of them was a half-emptied
package of tobacco and in another a corn
cob pipe had been abandoned in its old
age. On top of tbe partition had been cut
grooves for storing cigarettes. A loose
brick in the fireplace was removed, re
vealing a cavity beneath. A tin tag bear
ing the brand of a well-known chewing
tobacco afforded circumstantial evidence
as to what tnis hiding-place had been
used for. Even the brass cup on the gas
chandelier had the half-burned stump of a
cigar in it.
At 10 o'clock sharp all lights were or
dered extinguished. A cadet would run
op each flight of stairs, and poking his
head into tbe room shout, "All in?"
The duty of tbe orderly was to answer,
"All in, sir." The first night he made the '
egregious blunder of replying, "All right,
sir."
He never made the same mistake again.
Into the room came tbe cadet with one
great bound.
"Don't you dare to tell me it is all right,
Mister," he roared; "certainly it's all right
or I shouldn't have asked you. In the
future you answer 'All in, sir. 1
That boy Ashley was a perfect genius
for doing things wrongly. The second
night he fell asleep before 10 o'clock, and
when the cadet got no answer to his query
ne woke the whole building. Ashley
thought the barracks were on fire, jumped
out of bed and made a rush for the door
way with a yell of terror. Then there
came a terrific smash, a heavy thud as of
some weighty body striking the floor, and
the next instant Ashley and the cadet
were having a rough-and-tumble fight on
the floor. When both had had time to re
gain their senses they separated. The
invective heaped upon Ashley by that ca
det would have made Henry Grattan turn
an emerald hue with envy.
This cadet's name was Cheney. He was
proud not only of his name but of his
handsome person as well. The third
night he fell from his lofty position as
chief dude and invective-slinger with a
"dull, sickening thud. 1 '
Among the candidates was a large, pow
erful fellow of the name of Hall. Now,
Hall was morally certain that he would
not pass his "eres," so was in a fit
frame ol mind to resent any bullying.
When Cheney stuck his head through the
doorway at 10 o'clock and called out "All
in?" Hall, who was acting as orderly,
made some surly remark in answer.
Cheney bounced in to reprimand him,
but had hardly opened his mouth when
he was seized by the muscular candidate,
carried into the hallway and pitched half
way down the stairs. That one of his
limbs was not broken is a miracle. He
made his exit without visiting any of the
other rooms.
The same night everybody was in a
state of intense excitement. A cadet
named Connor, the gentleman with the
propensities to exhibit violent rage when
none existed, and a candidate from Idaho,
j Roberts by name, had had a row during
the day over some insult offered by Con
nor, and it was rumored that the affair
was to be settled during the night with
rapiers.
All the boys were flitting about up and
down the hallway in their night garments,
peering expectantly from the windows
every time a group of the cadets was no
ticed in tne "quad." The latter learned
this in some way and captured a young
feliow named Klein, from Indiana, while
he was stealing through the hall. He was
I taken downstairs to the cadets' quarters
and double-quickstep ped until he fainted.
For the benefit of those who have never
experienced the delightsof double-quick
stepping, it may be explained as follows:
The person chosen as the victim is made
to stand erect, bis shoulders thrown back
anil his chin elevated. Then he must lift
one knee as nigh as possible, drop it and
raise the other. When forced to execute
these movements rapidly the muscles of
FOjR JHIS THEy SJUDY JHE A£JS OF WAR
the legs soon ache so acutely that lifting
the foot from tbe floor causes one poignant
misery.
The next day I got a taste of it myself.
It wag caused by my own superabundant
spirits, but felt none the better for all that.
About 2 o'clock in the morning a candi
date quartered in Hall's room — he came
from Ohio and I believe his name was
Latimer — and another chap stole from
their beds at a preconcerted signal and
stood directly over the stair opening.
Drawing deep breaths one of them grave a
first-class imitation of the midnight war
bling so frequently indulged in by the
common domestic cat, which the other
followed up with a series of Comanche
warwhoops and a clog dance. His feet
were shod for the occasion with Ashley's
number nines. Then the two skurried
back to bed and in ten seconds were ap
parently sleeping the sleep of the just.
Up the stairs bounded four or five cadets
and at each door furiously demanded
information as to the identity of the
malefactors. Of course, nobody knew
anything about it. One of the cadets had
to shake me violently to awaken me from
my slumber. I knew no more about it
when Awakened than the rest. All in the
vicinity were ordered to report to Lieuten
ant Smithers, a chap from Indian Terri
Tory, next morning between breakfast and
the forenoon examination.
Everybody did as ordered. After much
questioning Latimer and I were detained.
He was shortly afterward dismissed. I
was commanded to stand erect and gaze
fixedly at a live butterfly pinned to the
wall, on a level with my eyes. They wan
dered to Smithers' face once, but upon the
stern demand to "turn those slimy orbs off
me," again sought the poor butterfly.
Then ensued this colloquy:
"Mr. Perkins, you are from California,
are you not?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you learn that war-whoop from
the Indians?"
"No, sir."
"I come from an Indian country my
self, Mr. Perkins, and as an imitator of
the classical Indian tongue I pronounce
you a howling success. What made you
doit?"
"I didn't do it, sir."
"No," sarcastically, "you didn't even
hear it, did you?"
"No, sir."
"Isn't it strange that you could lie
within a few feet of that cyclonic disturb
ance and not be awakened by it, when it
waked everybody in the lower rooms, sir?"
"I was always a very sound sleeper,
sir."
"Well, we will wake you now, bo you
won't sleep for a month. Get out there,
and double quickstep. That's right; a lit
tle faster now. Oh, you are doing fa
mously."
When I began to experience muscular
pain the quick - stepping involuntarily
slowed down. I was reminded of the
fact that Smithers was in the vicinity by
feeling a pin puncture my flesh. This was
the straw that broke the camel's back.
Maddened beyond endurance I grabbed a
chair and rushed at him. The blow was
gfiincing and did no harm and in a trice
we were mixing things up in very lively
fashion. Several cadets heard the racket
and came rushing in. I was promptly
collared, dragged forth under a hydrant
and soaked to the skin in a jiffy.
"Your temperament is too warm, young
fellow," aaid a worthy named Oakes, tan
talizingly. "This will drive the hectic
flush from your brow."
After this fiasco I was suffered to go to
my room without any further questioning.
The language I used when I got there has
largely come into vogue since the Scrip
tures were penned.
That afternoon we were all lined up in
the quadrangle, and one of the higher
officers in command of the academy read
off a long list of names, each boy being
required to step forward as his name was
pronounced. I was not among the num
ber, and my heart sank within me. How
ever much my ardor to enter the Point
may have been cooled by my experiences,
I didn't care to fall out on the mental ex
amination. But the mental tension was
soon relieved.
There were many sore and disappointed
candidates standing there at the conclu
sion of that brief sentence, one may be sure.
A few words of instruction as to th« phy
sical examination were immediately given,
and the line disbanded. Those who had
failed packed their grips at once and
started homeward. Few were sorry at
leaving, but hated to admit having failed
in the mental "ex."
"The names I have just read," said the
officer, taking off his eyeglasses and wiping
then) slowly, as if to punctuate his words,
"are the names of those who have been
found deficient in the required branches."
When the time arrived for my physical
examination I marched boldly in. It
wasn't two minutes until 1 saw my fate,
"Weighed in the balance and found want
ing," written upon the wall as plainly as
did the trembling and terror-stricken Bel-
shazzar. I was a few pounds under the
weight required for my height and chest
development The causes of this were
plain. For six days I had journeyed across
the country, had drunk a different kind of
water in every State, had lost my appetite
almost completely, had worried through a
three and a half days' "ex" in a most sul
try climate had undergone the hellish
experience of being shaved by a fiend,
ish Highland Falls barber, and had been
j hazed every day I was under the cadetd'
tender mercies.
It shames me not to confess that my
heart was as light as my weight when I
started for home, parents and friends.
Fbank L. Perkins.
JHE GAJ^IDIDAJE.
WEST POINT
IN A.D. 1838
Colonel SteWart Jells
of Hazing ir\ tke
Old Days
Benham JHad Splints Jied on His
Legs and Jhen Fell DoWn
Stairs and Was Laid
Up for Some
Jime
Colonel Joseph Stewart entered the mil
itary academy at West Point July 1, 1838,
ami his recollections concerning the cus
toms at that institution of over half a cen
tury ago are fresh and vivid.
"There was the case of Benham," said
Colonel Stewart at nis home in Berkeley.
"Benham comes to my mind particularly
because be was hazed more severely than
any man in the academy during the four
years I passed there. You have read
about the hazing of Cadet Edwin G. Davis
of Idaho by Cadet Captain Patrick A.
Murphy, the champion boxer of the acad
emy, recently. I wish to say that in for
mer times there was no such brutal hazing
as Davis has experienced. In fact, for a
captain of the first class to engage in a
siogging match fifty-eight years ago would
have been considered disgraceful, and I
am too much of an old-timer to under
stand how such brutality has come to
pass.
'Hazing? Yes, of course there was haz
ing at West Point fifty -eight years ago, but
the first class had nothing to do with
brutall}' hazing lower classmen. Benham,
of whom I spoke, afterward went to the
engineer corps. He was a fine fellow and
spirited, too, but perhaps a little too cred
ulous. He fell in with one of the self
elected and bogus 'board of officers' soon
after he arrived at West Point.
"Sitting in their borrowed finery these
mock official boards would lay down all
sorts of absurd regulations for the new
comers, and have st great deal of fun.
The novice in turn took delight in hazing
the uninitiated, and got even in that way.
I was hazed. So was James Longstreet,
afterward lieutenant-general of the Con
federate army, who was in my class, and
who and a very few others are the sur
vivors of a class of fifty-six. That class,
perhaps it will interest you to know, was
represented in the civil war by nineteen
general officers, ten being in the Confeder
ate service and nine in the United States
army.
"The bogus official board which caused
Benham to be hazed brought him before
them in due military form and caused him
to undergo a physical examination. They
frowned, looked wise, criticized and con
demned, and wound np by informing
Benham that his legs were crooked and
that he must wear splints, extending
pretty near the whole length of his legs.
The splints were accordingly fastened on
at night. Benham could not bend bis
knees as a matter of course, restrained by
the splints, and so the next morning
when he tried to go downstairs he fell
and broke one of his legs and was laid up
for some time. But that was an accident.
No one supposed that he would attempt
to go downstairs stiff-legged and the men
were genuinely sorry that such an accident
had befallen."
There are proba bly few men who hare
served continuously half a century in any
line of public duty. To the former class
mate of General Longstreet has come a
large share of service and excitement.
Colonel Stewart said, that be was promised
a cadetship at West Point when he was
only 8 years old, and as soon as he came
to the eligible age he entered the academy,
the appointment being secured by Sher
rard Williams, tben Congressman from
the Eighth District of Kentucky. At the
end of his four years' course Colonel Stew
art was appointed brevet second lieuten
ant and was attached to the Third Artil
lery, being stationed at Fort McHenry,
Baltimore, the scene of the composition of
"The Star-apangled Banner."
1718
Ir\ JKe SkadoW
Of Windsor Gastle
One of the Quaint Scenes on the Thames /\po^e Windsor.
WINDSOR, England, June 23. — "Ye
Bijou Inn" is the lecend he 'who runs
may read" in blue letter* on a white
ground on a swinging nign before one of
the tall, old-fast ioned houses of Windsor,
almost in the shadow of Windsor Castle.
If the day is a warm and sunny one, and
the broad low windows are open and
bright with scarlet geraniums, the tempta
tion to enter is very great indeed. Every
thing is so scrupulously c>an, the house
front, the doer with its polished knocker,
the curtains tbat swell a little like the
sails of a ship. Upon entering, the cool
est air blows m from the sheltered garden
behind the house; little white Moorish
arches separate the big room from the
hall, and everything repeats the colors of
the little swinging sign. Everything ia
white and blue as a piece of Delft ware;,
tbe walls are pale blue with white lines
the curtains are tied with blue, on the cen
ter of each immaculate little table are
white daisies in a blue glass. It is a jewel
of an inn, long may itwaveand prospurl
The hostess — for the question of pay
ment is a sordid detail, to be arranged
with much delicacy and humor — is her
self a floating vision of blue and white.
Her bodice is embroidered with blue ferns;
she wears a blue satin .nock around her
neck; the apron that flutters about her
is so tine that it is only a bit of coquetry
such as a court belle might add as a touch
of character in a role assumed for a night
only. With a bit of courtplaster under
one eye and another on the chin, the land
lady of the Bijou Inn might have posed
for Romney or Gainsborough.
As a rule the eager traveler arrives in
Windsor *t 10 in the morning, rushes
madly through the castle, drives to Eton
for an hour and returns for the late after
noon train to London with weary satisfac
tion. And yet "the dwelling on toe wind
ing shore" offers so much that is pictur
esque and interesting.
Tbe castle itself is shown by a guide. He
has grown old in service. His hair has
fallen from the top of his head, but it
crows luxuriantly under his chin; be
wears a black coat, so tightly buttoned it
suggests that be is afraid of having his in
formation escape from him unawares. He
also is melancholy; he wears a low collar,
with two points, and he has two teeth in a
mouth which must once have contained a
double number, it is so impressively wide
and empty. We are arranj^ed like a chain
gang and the old gentlemen leads us like
t keeper He draws one long breath as he
enters each room and exactly ex hansts it
in information as he leaves. A bobby
brings up the rear aud chases any weak
minded admirer of a picture caught "on
the fly," as it were, to the foreground, so
that the pearls dropping from the aged
[ips may not be lost. Here is a sample of
:he pearls:
"Tiie pictures in this room represent
jver the door Fillup II of Spain, on
.he right King Hennery VII, on the left
:he 'oly Family; the ceiling represents
Jueen Catteryne proceedin' to the Tem
ple of Virtue, drawn by swans."
"This room is called tbe Rubens room,
>n account of tbe name of the artist as
painted the pictures."
The old gentlemen drops a word or two
acre and there, so that his communica
ions reach us in broken fragments.
"'Ere on jour
I right, cabinet — pres-
Hents to the Queen —
Bllajab. 'ere on your
I left — embroidered —
I chain made of
I silver ornament
I — belonged to
Bpobelinp: tapestry
I etc."
And on all these
I red-brocaded or ta-
I pestried walls great
I portraits hang in old-
I gold frames. The Van
I I'yck room alone con-
I tains fourteen or lif-
I teen marvelous por-
I traits by that wonder-
I lul master. And the
H relentless Bobby
I chases us out, with
I but a fleeting glance
l at tne loftily scorn fu!
H Charles I; at Henri-
Helta, his wife; at the
I beautiful children —
I the second Duke of
I Buckingham and
Hl.ord Fiancis Villiers
H — two tall boys in
Hbrown velvet, with
Hbrown velvet eyes
Hand hair, the almost
Htoo familiar children
Hof Charles the First
Hand another portrait
Has unfamiliar. And
Hever the toothless
Hguide proceeds on-
Hward and shows us
He lephant tusks
Hmounted in silver and
Hstrange ostrich-feath-
Her fans, and presents
Hgalore, like one sec-
Ilion of the depart-
Hmentof India at the
Midwinter Fair!
Cardinal Wol»ey'« chapel is empty on
his warm June afternoon; the rich ligut
rom the stained windows falls on the
jeavily carved stalls in the choir or the
>lue and gold of the plates behind them,
vith the coats of arms and oanners of the
inighta of the Garter on the tombs and
Hmonuments, ancient and modern,
Hthat lie peacefully enough in Wol-
Hst-y's chapel, sleeping a High
Hciiurch of England sleep. Here
Hlies the poor young Duke of Clar-
Hence under a massive stone, with
of black
Hbeads and yel-
Hlow immor-
Htelles upon it.
lit is hard 10
I believe tbat once a furious mob burst into
| tbe "Papist" cbapel, as it was in the days of
i James 11, and broke the beautiful windows
and demolished whatever they could in a
J kind of blind religious madness, leaving it
I to a century of dilapidation and neglect.
Henry VIII and Jane Seymour lie in
the vaults under the sunken pavement of
St. George's Chapel, and between the two
! are the cloisters, with the inscriptions al
most obliterated by the restless feet of
those who have walked under the cool
I arches.
The whole place is full of memories.
Here Izaak Walton brought his son Wil
liam in 1646 to be baptized in the church,
and here lies the wSfe of Simond Allen,
canon of Windsor, tbe eighth "Vicar of
Bray."
Irv the Chapel.
There is one curious old monument: i
"In happie memory of Edward Jobson
and Elynor, his wyfe, by whom the sayd
Edward had iasue VI sons: vide, Edward,
Francis, Homfrie, James, William, Rich
ard; and IIIJ daughters, Elizabeth, Eliza
beth, Catherine, Sara."
And all the VI sons and tbe lIIJ daugh
ters and their parents and their wives or
husbands are kneeling on either side of
an altar reading desk, under which is a
recumbent figure of a child. They are all
in sixteenth century costumes.
Directly under the castle walls, between
Henry VIII's gateway and the Curfew
Tower, are some of the quaintest houses
and shops. A vory crooked little place, *
standing very self-reliantly separate, be
tween two tall houses, is John Canning's
house. John Canning is brewer to tbe
Queen, and the whole bousefront is a
garden, waving with bright blossoms.
The whole street to the foot of the hun
dred steps leading from the castle to the
river and over the bridge to Eton is pic
turesque to a degree. One of the houses is
supposed to have been the residence of Mrs.
Page.sin the "Merry Wives of Windsor."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
This is Ascot week, and the merry wives
and the merry husbands and the n<erry
daughters and sons of Windsor swarm
through the streets. The funny little
crooked streets ail Mid to the castle or the
river, and we have but to follow the crowd.
The river is ruffled by an audacious little
breeae, and the rowboats have a hard pull
against the tide. The steam and electric
launches shoot out from under the bridges
and scatter the small boats to right and
left; all along the shores the houseboats
are moored, gay with flags and colors and
flowers. Every now and then the long slim
canvas boats. manneJ by the college men,
flash through the water. There is so much
movement and variety and excitement
even to this wind-swept river that it is
pleasant to slip down one of the quiet
waterways, out of the brilliant glare of
light into the cool shadow of the over
hanging trees.
We reach one spot where the vain wil
low lean far over the banks and even reach
down long green ringers and dabble like
children in the water beneath. And over
the surface that is smooth and shining
as a polished floor the daddylonglegs go
a-skating, and the color of the water is
like the green satin shot in the silver our
grandmothers use to wear; and the reflec
tions waver like those in an old-fashioned
mirror, aud it would be possible to make
many more beautiful comparisons.
Opposite is the little old gray church of
Clewes, with a red-tiled roof and a low
stone wall, holding In some weatherbeaten
gravestones and misshapen ancient trees.
Pence itself has settled on this little water
way ; not an echo reaches us of the myriads
on the river outside; we seem to be, at
present, pioneers and the only settlers but
the birdß and the mosquitoes. The birds
come hopping down fearle sly over the
unkempt grass to drink, and the air Is full
of a eubdued twitter and whir of wings
and the soft rush of the wind in the tree
tops. The mosquitoes, those hardy and
adventurous ruffians, seem disinclined for
action; they stand thoughtfully twisting
their legs on the coats in the bottom of
the boat, or take a sober promenade on the
precipitous edges of the neglected open
novels. They are very modern novels
and the food is evidently too rich, for
they fall in and are overcome between the
leaves.
We are left quite unmolested for a time,
until a stately family of Lohengrins come
ODD CORNERS AJ EAJOJ*.
sailing alont?. There is a romantic charm
about the snowy and graceful swan, and
this family — Mr. and Mri». Lohengrin and
three small gray Lohengrins — attract our
attention. We throw tueni bits of soft
cake, at which they snap in an unroman
tic manner, and when our blandishments
have come to an end they come toward
us, lifting great wings and emitting
strange and unearthly sounds, and one
savagely attacks the ocr, and the head of
the family appears about to climb into the
boat. We tumble out respectively (they
are very formidable at close range) and
we sink in a foot of mud and clamber up
the bank with more baste than dignity.
When they have sailed onward— not
singing a dying song of passionate beauty,
but still giving strange squawks like in
furiated hens — wo prefer to move further
up the stream, where there are no swans;
only a mill and an old manor house with
iron clamps on tbe leaning walls and little
windows in impossible places. It is all
repeated in tbe water, which repeats the
sky, too, luminous and clouded, and flash
ing sunlight, over and over again, deeper
and deepei down In the unfathomable
depths. That is, they appear so. They
are probably ten feet, unfathomable in
some places and six or eight or ten treach
erous feet in others.
They have a fire for our special benefit
when we return to Windsor. It is in one
of the small streets on tbe rood to Eton ;
a fire-engine comes dashing down the
street. It is as diminutive as an electric
launch and a young swell in boating
clothes drives it like a four-in-hand. It
comes bravely on, however, with a little
weak "choo-choo" in its throat and a vol
unteer fire brigade at its heels. There is
very great excitement apparently and
everybody is the fire brigade, little Eton
boys and big rivermen. Everything is
pitched from the windows; the furniture
appears to consist largely of chairs. They
attempt to lower an old piano, very small,
with a large painting of flowers on the
front, but it sticks in the window and the
ingenuity stops here.
The street grows more and more
crowded, but traffic is not at all inter
rupted; a hose is pulled out from a cart
and a pump is worked by twenty men and
boys with great cheerfulness and good
will. There is no smoke and no flame,
but there must be a fire. Some one informs
us it is behind all these bousefronts, some
where in some hidden court. The soldiers
come down from the castle with another
stretch of hose and everybody cheers; real
firemen in big brass helmets add reality to
the scene, wbich is as bewildering as a
state battle.
We finally retire, as well as we may,
through the patient crowd, in the out
skirts of which a eypsy man and woman
with a hurdy-gurdy shout and drone
"Paradise Alley." An hour or so later we
saw tbe young swell in the boating cos
tume driving his steam launch home for
dinner.
Dinner is ready for us In the Bijou Inn,
and we reflect upon its comforts and the
fact that we have discovered it, and we talk
a great deal about the charms of sim
ple and 'umble life, and how we
are above the vulgarity of desiring
aristocratic surroundings, great hotels
and their suggestions of great people,
and here the waitress comes in and says
to our Mrs. Gainsborough, in a voice in
tense emotion has made audible: "The
Lord 'igh Chancellor is coniiu', the Lord
'igh Chancellor 1"
The Lord 'igh Chancellor has missed
the train, and is evidently better ac
quainted than we with the Bijou Inn.
There are but few guests, but we all
glance furtively at the Lord 'igh Chancel
lor and examine his family with equal de
light; we have momentarily put aside our
'umility. It is quite thrilling to follow
the courses of the dinner and to know pos
itively, without question or doubt, that
a Lord 'igh Chancellor can drink ginger
beer.
Sunday in Windsor is not without a sol
emn attraction. The steep streets under
the frowning castle, even in the calm and
almost deserted silence of the Sabbath,
have a suggestion oi subdued payety, like
a child's gravtr face. And in the morning
sunlight, with the black trees under the
gray walls, there is more than a sugges
tion of an Italian morning.
Wulk over the bridge to Eton, with all
the Eton boys going to chapel (if you are
alive in a carriage it costs you 2d, if you
are dead in a carriage it costs you 6s Bd,
bo for mercenary reasons it is wiser to
walk), follow the sharp black and white of
the little figures over the irregular pave
ments, under the overhanging roofs and
gables, all overgrown with ancient ivy,
and yoi- will turn at last into a walk shaded
by great trees, into the quadrangle of
Eton College.
One youthful aristocrat, with the man
ners of a duke, points us the way, answers
our numerous question* and goes at our
request to inquire whether we may attend
the services and hear tbe choir. We re
mark in his absence upon the difference
betweeen an American and an Englis'i
youth, upon the difference and dignity o:
bearing even the smallest Britons seem to
acquire, and upon the impertinent cheer
fulness of our own small brothers across
the waters. When our young friend re
turns with the desired permission he eyes
us for an instant with evident interest,
and then says shyly: "I beg your pardon,
are you Americans?"
When we declare we have that honor his
small face lights up and he remarks with
emphatic boyish emphasis. "So 'm I!"
He was a yountr American duke, not an
English one!
In one of the great schoolrooms the
wooden panels, six feet high, the great
doors, tne benches and desks are covered
with names. At the first glance the im
pression is one of a rich conventional pat
tern in wood-carving; at the second we
decipher a name or two cut in bold char
acters by strong childish bands, with a
date of a hundred years ago; some of the
unsteady sunken characters date back to
1500, a catalogue of all the youthful heroes
who for centuries hare peopled this his
toric place.
The youthful heroes who populate it at
present file into chapel in strings of ten or
twelve, little choristers in white gowns,
6-foot boys with stooping shoulders, blonde
boys and dark boys and white boys and
brown boys, and one little black boy with
a strange, melancholy little lace and the
gravity of a bronze statue. Each small
boy deposits bis silk hat on an old bench
in the ante-chapel or on tbe tall arms of
the candelabra, or on the pavement, the
sun Ken nones under which rest the masterß
and chaplains of long past days.
At night we wander in the great park,
down Queen Anne's ride, with the big
elms black against the moon.
Van Dtck Beows.
Ar\ IVer\ir\g With
Tke Street Orators
All my life I have listened with inteiest
to the orator on the street corner. I can
by no means pass him now without paus
ing to catch the spray from his stream of
eloquence. In the long ago be held a
most high position among the heroes of
my childish mind. When I crew older, I,
too, would be a speaker, or a, least I
would marry one and wander at will from
city to village, selling medicine or doing
tricks and gathering a fortune in nickels.
I was undecided, whether to have a bear or
a monkey, trying to decide which I feared
least.
The lady who sang while her husband
hung by his toes from a rope, or turned
himself inside out, was greater than a
queen, and only the lack of a singing voice
kept me from craving a life jnst like hers.
I realize now that she didn't let a little
thing like that stand in her way.
The medicine man who had a troupe of
singers, and who could afford a platfoira
on the corner and a shelf to exhibit the
tapeworms, with the name of the former
possessor on each jar, was a potentate.
The bits of information I gathered from
the speeches were carefully treasured and
implicitly trusted until some later master
of eloquence assured me it was all non
sense and that he alone knew all about it.
The day I discovered tnat my own lot
was to be preferred to any fakir's was not
exactly a day of triumph. It is not pleas
ant to see the paint rubbed off. I would
rather believe that the fairies in the ballet
dance on forever. So much we enjoy is
only paint.
While I left behind my faith in and the
desire to emulate the corner people, 1 have j
kept a keen interest in them and I know
them in all their phases.
Going Idly about one afternoon during
the orator season, seeking something to
distract, I thought of going to all the cor
ners and squares frequented by them and
listening for a short time to each. As the
first sunset shadows fell across a certain
square a man came along with a valise.
By all uiy experience he was a Tender of
cure-alls. Now was he pills or liniment?
He stepped to a post and fastened to it a
chart from the valise. All the idlers in
sight began to gather. The chart was
only a rough drawing of the signs of the
zodiac. The stream of bis eloquence was
loosed, the Chicago convention whiskers
t>euan to wave, and the purpose of the
chart was revealed. He wanted to cast
our horoscopes and tell us what we were
good for. 0 for th« day of childish faith
that 1 might pay my money and find that
out!
He explained the science of astrology
and convinced us of its value and the
bigoted ignorance of a dictionary
which calls it a relic of mythology. g o
Hmany of the mysteries of life are plain
|to me since that lesson. The reason
Hthat round people are in square holes
is tnat they never bad their horoscopes
I cast, do not know under
which star they were born
and what they can be. And
H- we were glad' to hear that
soon all colleges and
Ir\ the Quadrangle.
schools will have a horoscope-caster — may
m\ friend himself secure a good place —
and each applicant must be cast and ac
cepted or rejected according to his star.
One of the audience remarked aloud tbat
it should have been done long ago, and
we murmured our applause.
He told me why the lover of my caramel
days has a wife and three children now.
You see, he was born in Mars and I was
born in Saturn. I have no proof of this,
but the man said that people thus born
often intended to marry, but the fates
never allowed it.
Think, Tommy, if we had known this
how much of agony, peppermints and bliss
we might have saved ourselves.
I followed a few blocks and halted with
a Salvation band. They sang a most
familiar hymn. The air was "Ben Bolt."
The words were an improvement on the
original. Better a Savior who hears wnen
you call than an Alice who weeps when
you smile. What a trial said Alice must
have been to matter-of-fact people.
The ensemble of the army improves.
The faces are stronger than those we saw
ten years aso, and the grammar has im
proved. What they said does not need
repetition here. They told the same story
they always tell, told it with the same
raaiant smile of faith, and I believe they
bad found all they claimed. A faith that
lifts a man out of the dirt and puts a look
like that in his eyes is a power for good.
• • • •
I moved on to where I knew I should
find a brown-faced, kesn-eyed social econ
omist talcing to the same crowd that
drank in his words last night aud the
nigbt before that. He explained anew
to us how impossible it is for us
to do anything for ourselves as long
as the poor are ground down to pam
per the rich, and when he figured out bow
many workers bad to give tbeir day's toil
to pay for one revel of the rich man, all
our hearts swelled with a sense of personal
wrong. When he said the laborer is
worthy of his hire we nodded emphatic
ally and thought how much more the
editor gets than we do, while as for writ
ing—well, we would just like to see him.
So I went on, with a grievance against
the rich ready to be supplanted by the
particular grievance of the next orator.
"A torch! Joy! Liniment!"
"Why do people suffer when they catch
cold and get a pain in the muscles? From
bigotry. I tell you, ladies and gentlemen,
because they won't believe me when I say
this wonderful liniment will cure them in
five minutes. Five minutes! Think of
that ! Is there one of you suffering with
rheumatism or a sprain or the toothache?
Come up here and have this wonderful
liniment applied free of charge, and if the
pain ain't gone inside of five minutes I'll
give you your money back.'*
For a second my heart was in my mouth.
I have made a vow that the first time such
an appeal is made in vain, I, myself, will
go up and be cured. Not that time
though. Up climbed a lad with a jump
ing toothache. The medicine was ap
plied and, presto ! tne boy smiled. Now
another. An old man with bent shoulders
and a pain in his neck. A brisk rub and
the old man sprang nimbly to the side
walk.
Wonderful liniment indeed ! My dish is
always upside down when it rains. Not a
pain or an ache about me that night, and
i the week before, when there was no
heaven-sent liniment, I groaned with the
toothache.
* • * *
Downtown next, for it neare-i the hour
of the politician filled to overflowing with
proselyting zeal. I must be converted.
He was there, but I had missed the first
of it, had lost McKinley and the tariff,
arriving only jußt in time for money and
immigration.
"We must fight the battle this year on
the same ground. After the workingmen
all have employment and a chance to earn
an honest dollar — "
"But the great crying evil, the scourge
that is crowding American men out of
chances to make a living," shouted the
man on tne other corner.
♦ • • *
On another corner, two blocks down,
was a wild figure with tossing locks, and a
voice like a calliope rang:
"The political parties crawl around this
issue, but don't you be blinded," he was
crying, ana then I crossed over to another
benefactor of the human race and learned
that doctors are enemies of mankind.
Listen 1
"Don't put your trust in vile drugs, and
fatten the doctors. Cure yourselves! The
hand of God on your body makes you
whole! Pray in faith, and your pain is
gone. Look at me. I was sick with »n
incurable disease, and after the doctors
had taken all my money they gave me uy.
1 bad faith in God, and he cured me."
He looked as though he believed it, but
there are pleasanter faces to look upon. I
turned toward home.
The doors of halls were opening and
pouring forth" the crowds. Keeping in
step behind one group, I learned that:
"They want to rule the country. They
are net true Americans. We must tight
them with their owu weapons and drive
them from our midst. They are banded
and they will do anything against a man
who is not of their own faith."
Pretty bad people, I thought.
I walked slower and let another group
from another hall get ahead.
"They are enemies to the constitution,
traitors to their country. They have
banded themselves to get all the country
for themselves and they will do anything
to a man who i? not of tbeir faith."
Were these the same bad people or some
more?
I was tired. Too much learning would
make me mad.
How ever should i reconcile or assimi
late all that I had heard in that one even
in?? My head went round with nonsense.
What was that standing under the lamp
post? A man — and evidently waiting for
me. Was lat last to have an adventure?
He was short and I had faith in my
good right arm, and if he wanted to peril
his soul for the sake of the two nickels in
my purse he was welcome to them. If the
worst came I
could stagger him
with all my new
arg-uments.
He was a comer,
and I had prom
ised to listen to
every speeoh, even
"Your money or
your life."
"Please, dear
lady, could you
spare me a dime
to get a bowl of
soup and a bed?
I've walked the
streets bunting
for work till I'm
like to faint at
your feet."
I ii.iil i ', i v < ■ 1 1 mi
questioning faithH
to each and the|^J
last orator should
take the dime instead *of the faith. 1
gave him the two nickels and he called
down blessings on my : lovely head. I did
nor watch to see where he went; I did not
wish to know. He vanished in the fog and
I went indoors, my mind in a fog as dense.
Olivb Hsydex.
NeW Process of
Washing the Blood
Washing the blood is the latest remedy
or diseases brought on by or ciusing a
sluggish circulation and low state of the
blood. The washing process is performed
by plain salt and water From a pint to
two quarts of water is injected into the
system by means of an ordinary hypoder
mic syringe.
A vein is opened in the arm of the pa
tient with the usual antiseptic precau
tions, and the salt water injected in large
doses. A profuse perspiration and general
activity of tbe secretory organs follow,
carrying away the noxious matter present
in the blood. The new remedy is recom
mended by several doctors in papers read
recently before the Academy of Medicine
in Paris, and has been successfully em
ployed in numerous instances. In cases
of ansemia, typhoid, hemorrhages, sadden
shock and even in cases of intoxication,
this blood washing, it ia said, works won
ders. For some years surgeons have used
a taline injection in cases of collapse after
an operation. It is the most powerful
tonic known, and has saved many lives*
Us efficacy in ordinary diseases has, bow
ever, only recently been discovered.
Modern medicine has a tendency to re
sort to simple methods wbich recognise
the all-curing powers of water. Washing
the stomach, as practiced by several New
York pnysicians, is of very recent origin
and is considered invaluable in cases of
indigestion. A dimple bath of warm
water is often all that is necessary to re
store tbe stomach to its normal condition,
by removing the poisonous waste prod
ucts which are not thrown off by the
secretory organs. By means of a soft
rubber tube put down tbe throat water
can be poured into t c stomach and si
phoned out again. To wash the blood is
of course more difficult, as the water has
to be injected into a vein.
It is well known tbat the blood of a frog
can be drawn off and the blood of another
frog substituted without greatly incon
veniencing the creature. It was then
found that a salt-water solution can be
substituted instead of blood, to a consider
able extent, at least, and the frog will live
and be as sprightly as ever. This fact
first gave the scientists the idea of inject
ing an artificial serum into the veins of a
human being, either anaemic or intoxi
cated. The new remedy is very simple in
its action and can always, it is said, be
employed with safety.— Washington Even
ing Star.Honoring the Foremost '
Scientist of Scotland
A Sarv Frar\cisco pastor's QrapKic Descrip
tion of the Banquet to Lord j<elVir\
at QlasgoW
GLASGOW, Scotland, June 24.— 1t was '
a very kind thought on the part of
the Scottish societies of San Francisco
that 1 should represent them and convey
their congratulations to Lord Kelvin,
whose jubilee was celebrated in Glasgow
June 15, 16 and 17. The sluggishness of
the Berlin threatened to prevent my doing
bo. We landed at Southampton the morn
ing of the 16th. The London papers of
that morning had glowing accounts of the
brilliant social reception the evening pre
ceding. I was determined to execute my
commission as far as possible, and so I
sent from London to the jubilee committee
a telegram at some length, expressing the
congratulations of his Lordship's fellow
countrymen in San Francisco and inti
mating that I would reach Glasgow that
evening. Nearing the Scotch metropolis,
I learned from the evening papers that the
jubilee exercises were still going on.
Upon the arrival of the train at the
great St. Enoch's station, a dapper young
man inquired for me and upon my an
swering he informed me that Lord Kelvin
had sent him to meet me and take me at
once to the banquet, then in progress at
St. Andrew's Hall. It will not be hard to
make you believe that at the end of a 7000
--mile journey I was scarcely in plight to
respond without delay to his gracious
Lordship's order. Hurrying to St. Enoch's
Hotel, however, as quickly as possible. I
garbed myself in appropriate apparel and
soon found myself In the carriage with the
private secretary of the man whose
achievements and renown were at that
moment the talk of the scientific world.
He said that Lord Kelvin desired that im
mediately upon my arrival I should be
brought to him and personally presented.
St. Andrew's Hall seats 4000 people.
The floor was crowded with tables for the
banquet, and those tables were surrounded
with 600 of the most illustrious scholars of
the day. The galleries were crowded with
lookers-on. It was a spectacle to behold.
The banquet was given jointly by the cor
poration and the University of Glasgow,
the Honorable Lord Provost, Sir James
Bell, in the chair. The guest of the even
ing sat at the chairman's right on the high
platform. Besides these there were
half a hundred of the most distin
guished present on the platform. Led by
the dapper young man, I made my way to
the center of interest, and presented my
regrets and reasons for delay, together
with the cordial congratulations of the
Scottish societies of San Francisco. Lord
Kelvin's manner is simplicity itself. If
one could forget his titles and the dozen or
so of letters affixed to his name, with the
vaguely suggestive "etc." superadded, one
might easily imagine him a good-natured
old professor of the old school.
He told me that he had requested that a
plate and place be reserved for me, and in
a few moments I found myself seated
among the banqueters, immediately in
front of Lord Kelvin and beside ex- Lord
Provost Muir.
I knew I was out of my element among
such lordly earls and titled savants, but
lor San Francisco's sake I resolved to look
wise and to behave myself as if sucn bril
liant events were the most commonplace
affairs in our California social life.
It so happened that my tardy arrival
was precisely at the turning-point of the
evening. The menu was exhausted and
the eloquence was now to be turned on.
First of all, of course, a toast to her
Majesty the Queen, whose congratula
tions the Lord Provost read. The guest
hall became a bedlam for a few moments
and Lord Kelvin blushed, beatified.
Then "The Prince and Princess of Wales
and the Other Members of the Royal
House." Congratulations were read from
Moscow, Montreal, from the Academy of
Sciences of San Francisco and many other
places. My telegram had been presented
at the university in their meeting in the
afternoon. "The Houses of Parliament"
was proposed by the Right Honorable
the Lord Justice-General of Scotland, a
man keen, caustic and subtly sarcastic
Undoubtedly there was a great deal of
learning there, but everybody knows that
great learning does not always mean good
speaking. Our last commencement at San
Anselmo beat the whole lot of them for
that. Over here they seem to regard it as
one marK of greatness in a speaker to ig
nore his hearers (?), and it mast be said
that if that is a mark many of them are
like Alexander, "very great."
But there vras no doubt about the aver
age intellectual caliber of that company.
The worst thing for me was that while I
knew I was surrounded by greatness, there
was no one to tell me who was who. Max
Muller was at my table. The Right Hon.
Lord Rayleigh, D.C.L., LL.D., F.R.8.,
etc., the discoverer of argon, spoke.'
Professor Gairdner, with all the letters,
the highest medical authority north of the
Tweed, spoke, but no one heard him more
than twenty feet away, and finally the
crowd in the distance choked him off.
General Amibale Ferrero spoke in Italian
and I followed public sentiment in choos
ing the proper places for applause. At the
table next to mine, surrounded by gowned
professors from everywhere, quite a spirited
gutturai quarrel arose as to wh ether it was
Amibale or Amibale. I was glnd I was at
another table. Sir Joseph Lister, presi
dent Royal Society, whose name is
familiar to every physician, made the
audience glad by saying professionally
that he saw no reason why their guest, the
greatest living scientist, should not live
and enjoy the best of health for years to
come. Professor Simon Newcombe spoke
for America, and while his famed scholar
ship gave him attention, the apprehension
he expressed was not wholly groundless
that any reputation his country might nave
for oratory would suffer by his hands.
But what of Lord Kelvin himself? No
one can question his title to greatness.
He is the idol of Glasgow. The London
Times called him the "greatest living
Scotchman." His achievements have been
as remarkable as they are varied. It was
said by the Lord Provost that his inven
tions in aid of navigation alone had saved
thousands of lives and millions of prop
erty. He perfected the mariner's com-
Pass. He had an important part in laying
the Atlantic cable. It would require a
review article to catalogue his contribu
tions to commerce and civilization. He is
not a scientist simply for science's sake,
ills most profound researches have a
practical value. He is immensely rich,
disproving the remark that inventors
never reap the profits of their own inven
tions. He has a Scotchman's eye to busi
ness. He manufactures in Glasgow the
instruments he invents.
Like many other greats cholars, he is
said to be a great teacher. He was made
a Lord in 1893. He had been Bir William
Thomson before that. He was born in
Belfast plain William.
In 1889 l heard him in London, presid
ing at the annual meeting of the Society
of Christian Evidences. He then said
that for forty-seven years he had been
studying the laws of inorganic matter and
he had never found a single fact that did
not precisely harmonize with the early
chapters of Genesis. He is a good Scotch
Presbyterian and, of course, neither the
Scotch nor some of the rest of us think
tne less of him on that account This
jubilee's congratulations were enough to
turn any head less steadily balanced than
his. Almost every scientific society in
existence had sent its congratulations.
Many of the great universities of both
woilds were there bearing greetings. His
Queen had signally honored him. The
most brilliant and cosmopolitan company
of scholars in physical science ever as
sembled, perhaps, was there to do him
reverence. These Britons indulge in what
Americans call "palaver" sometimes, and
one cannot rid oneself of the idea that
many hasten to pay tribute because the
court has smiled that way.
Still the hero sat, un nattered and un
spoiled 1 When he rose to speak the time
honored pin might have been heard to
drop. He read every word from manu
script. No suggestion of conceit marred
the simplicity of his greatnesi. With gal
lant loyalty, he told the world that it
could never know how much of his suc
cess was due to the helpfulness and sym
pathy of Lady Kelvin. With mingled
love and pride the fair partner of his fame
sat in the gallery with tears in her eyes
and smiles on her face while the whole
throng rose and cheered. With evident
sincerity his Lordship went on to say that
he was bewildered at that moment. He
could not understand why all this was
done. He had simply tried to do his best,
and that was what every man should do.
Soldiers go to war and risk their lives in
hardship, but he had done his work in
the places he loved best— his laboratory
and his study.
He had one word to express his feelings
as he looked back over these fifty years,
and that word was failure. (All over the
house, "No, no, no!") He must say that
concerning ether and electricity and the
atoms he did not know any more to-day
than when he began. He had simply
learned a few of their tricks— that was all.
His ignorance appalled him. His life work
had only made him more sensible of it.
One was reminded of Sir Isaac Newton's
notion that his knowledge was to the un
known as a handful of pebbles to the sands
on the seashore. Striking remark indeed
for such a man ! It is the last year's sprig
of science that makes Old Truth to tremble.
The Faradays and Newtons and Kelvins
are humble, modest in their greatness. I
wonder if that is not why they are great.
We axe afraid of sophomores and skeptics
who know too much to believe; we rather
like the modest learners and believers who
know too little to doubt. The band played
"God Bave the Queen," but just as the
evening closed the Lord Provost said that
it was Lord Kelvin's special request that
we all join hands and, led by the band,
sing together "Auld Lang Syne."
Henry C. Mentos.
Queer Complaints
Lodged With tUe
, . Board of .Health
"Well, I've been called upon to abate
some curious nuisances, but this beats
them all," said Health Inspector Duren a
few days ago, as he gazed reflectively at a
sheet of paper held in his hand.
"Here is a man living at Seventeenth
and Guerrero streets who says his neigh
borhood is infested with mosquitoes and
that he wants them cleared away as soon
as possible. He says he has been reading
np on the duties of the Board of Health
and finds that one of its functions is to
abate nuisances wherever found. He de
clares that there is no doubt that the
swarms of mosquitoes that hover about
the neighborhood are a nuisance and that
therefore it is the duty of tne board to see
that they are abated at once. T suppose
we will be expected to see that the flies do
not annoy housewives after a while.
"But the funny part of this compiaint is
the cause to which this man attributes the
invasion of the pests. He calls attention
to the fact that a Chinese laundry is
located a few blocks down Seventeenth
street, and says that he has come to the
conclusion from investigation that they
breed in the laundry. Of course this is
preposterous, as the chemicals Chinese use
in their washing would drive the insects
away rather than invite them to stay long
enough to breed.
''However, jt's a fair guess that the
laundry may need a sanitary overhauling,
as such places generally do, and perhaps
our complaining friend may be satisfied
with that and believe that the insects are
decreasing in numbers in consequence.
"This complaint is on a par with one
that came in some time ago from Capp
street. A man out there has a big weep
ing willow tree in his front yard that
sends its branches out over the street.
We received a complaint that the tree was
a menace to the public health and I went
out to investigate. I fonnd that some
kind of a black bug had made a breeding
place of the tree and that large numbers
had fallen to the sidewalk. This was the
nuisance complained of. I couldn't see
that the Board of Health had any partic
ular jurisdiction over the matter, but I
had a talk with the owner of the tree, in
duced him to have the tree trimmed so
that the insects would not fall on the side
walk, and the peace and comfort of the
neighborhood were restored.
"We get dozens of complaints that
originate in little neighborhood quarrels,
one housewife trying to make the otner
uncomfortable by having her premises
overhauled by a Health Inspector, but
they are usually easily settled."
Crown Prince Frederick of Denmark,
the eldest brother of the Princess of Wales,
is 53 years old. He has seen all his sis
ters and one brother attain more brilliant
positions than his own. riis sisters are
the Princess of Wales, the Dowager Em
press of Russia and the Queen de jure of
Hanover, and his brother is King of the
Hellenes. The youngest of tne family,
Prince Waldemar, married one of the
richest heiresses in Europe in Princess
Marie of Chartres.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTXDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
Studies of Gkild Life ir\ tke Streets of Sar\ Francisco.
Happily for most of us, riches is not the
exclusive gate of enjoyment, and poverty
is not a continuous bar to pleasure eveinin
this era of Groverian dullness that has
bred so much distress in the homes of the
lowly.
Here is a scene on Van Ness avenue and
another in an alleyway south of Market
street The background of one is a palace;
of the otner, a hovel. The population of
the latter is larger than that of the palace ;
the rich are few. the poor many. Here the
story of conditions is told by tne children.
The Van Ness-avenue youth is probably
not afflicted with any material wants. His
stomach never knows the cravings of ne
cessity; his limbs are covered with fine
linen, rare cloth and lace, and his sboes
are things of elegance. He has choice
books and papers and magazines to read;
parlor and lawn games to play ; a bicycle
to exercise upon, and an instructor to aid
him m mastering the wheel. His home is
bright and alluring. Put a child of poverty
in his place and the surroundings would
be considered a veritable heaven. Put the
Van Ness youth in the place of a child of
Car\ the Q\jlf Jkat YaWr\s BetWeer\ JKese JWo Be Bridged?
poverty, however, and he might be lost in
the race where grit and endurance are the
winning elements.
There are many pretty pictures on Van
Ness avenue: but you must seek the tene
ment district to learn the hard lessons of
life. The young ones there find amuse
ment in pictorial papers blown from boot
black stands. They have .sport with
home-made rag balls, which they bat
around with fence pickets. They can ap
preciate bread that is a stranger to butter,
and none know Detter how to get full
value in food out of a nickel. They ride
bicycles— the old-fashioned kind— that the
rich have cast away. They sing street
songs, yell at odd characters and play
games that cost no money ; they have
factions and cliques among them and they
fight for supremacy. Their clothes are
ragged, their feet bare or encased in
leathers that have done service for their
elders. Their locks bear homely evidence
of attacks from the maternal shears, and
their faces are mingled sunshine and dirt,
with the latter very apt to predominate.
These children have circuses in barns,
theatricals in sheds; they make music
with tin whistles and harmonicas, combs
and clappers. They crack jokes that are
funny and admire originality. They fill
the tenement district with laughter, and
there is often more merriment in the
midst of these shanties of the very poor
than there is up on Van Ness avenue.
But, of course, the moments of merriment
must sober down into the severe lime
when realization of want returns with
hunger's pangs after tne excitement has
passed away. These poor boys do more
thinking than the Van Ness youth.
They listen to street-corner talk, philoso
phize on events, take sides in politics and
have warm debates in the street or in the
back yards on the burning issues of the
day.
What does the child on Van Ness ave
nue know or care about politics? He is
pampered and petted and regaled on
dainties and delicacies and life to him is
a paradise. What does he wish for? He
has everything he wants and is satisfied.
People who talk of miseries and hardships
do not move in the same sphere with him.
It is different down in the tenements.
There the little heads are loaded with poli
tics. Start the subject in a crowd Qf those
urchins and you will be astonished at some
of the things you will hear. You will learn
that the 10-year-old boy thinks there is
something wrong in the conditions that
have kept the mill closed that used to give
employment to his father. He has heard
his father and his elder brothers railing
against dull times, enforced idleness
and low wages, and he carries out
to you the contention that the Gov
ernment is to blame for the want in
most of the wretched houses. Why,
this youngster talks like a man. He tells
you that affairs were all rieht five or six
years ago— machinery was running on all
sides then. What's the matter with the
country? The boy's father has declared
to him that free trade has wrecked busi
ness, and that protection is the thing that
will bring good times back again.
If you* hear the boys in the tenement
district singing McKinley songs, you know
the reason why. They, as well as their
elders, look forward to an improvement in
their lot when Grover and his bond syndi
cate give place to an administration for.
the people.
With changed conditions— or, rather,
with a return to those conditions which
were known but not sufficiently valued
before the monarch of corpulence threw
his weight for a second time upon the
country, the children of the poor district
would Hardly change places with the youth
on Van Ness avenue. With enough
clothes to coyer them decently and enough
food to eat, they would laugh derisively at
the idea that a boy on the avenue with
few playmates, and with a governess to
hold him in check — a boy who has to keep
his face and hands clean, who wears red
gloves, and who wouldn't get a spot on
his white waist for anything; a boy who
is afraid of black eyes and who will run
before he'll fight — they would laugh de
risively at the idea that such a boy got
half so much genuine, unaduiteraated
pleasure out of life as the least of the arabs
whose fortunes are pitched in the district
of the toilers, down back of the long linea
of mills and factories.
1920
SOCIETY IS AWAY
FOR THE SUMMER,
News From the Seaside, the
. Mountains and the
Lakes.
Merry July Days That Are
Filled With Joys and
Pleasures.
The Fashionable World Snccumbs lo
the Fascinations of an Out-of-
Door Existence.
Unlike preceding seasons, the sth day of
July was not the signal for a return home.
Country joys and the charms of an out-of-door
existence has taken a firmer hold than ever on
society at large, and there are only departures
to chronicle and few, if any, returns home.
Many who inaugurated the season at the sea
shore have gone to the mountains, and vice
versa.
Another pleasant factconcerning the present
season is the popularity of all the resorte. No
place i« the fashion. Society has been di
viding her attention equally between each and
all of the resorts. Below will be tound a re
sume of the movements of our society people.
Mi<s Jennie Catherwood left on Thursday
wi:h Mr. ana Mrs. George Crocker in their spe
cial car for a visit to Miss Rutherford at Castle
Craps. The latter part of this coming week
Allen Bowie and E. H. Sheldon will join the
party. Mr. and Mrs. Crocker are malting
elaborate preparations for the entertainment
of their guests.
Mrs. C'cushing and Miss Clara Sutro sailed
for Hongkong last Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. William M. Lent, Mrs. George
H. Lent, and Miss Fanny Lent, have been visit
inc at Paso Robles.
Mtoi Emelie Kirkcterp has been visiting Mrs.
Chauncey R. Winslow in San Rafael.
Miss Ada Sullivan and Mis« Mnrie Dillon are
visiting Miss Phelan at Phelan Park in Santa
Cruz.
Mr. Harry E. Wise arrived in New York City
last Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart are rusti
cating at the Hobart place on LaKe Tahoe.
I>r. William J. Younger will leave in a few
weeks for Paris to vi3it nis wife and daughters.
Iron his return he will reside permanently in
Chicago.
Mr. John H. Featherston left on Friday for an
outing in Placer County.
Misses Jennie and Emma McMillan are pass
ing the summer at Auburn. Miss Emma Mc-
Millan, who was seriously ill when she went
there several weeks ago, has almost regained
her health.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Green have been en
tertaining Miss Ella Adams at their cottage in
San Rafael.
Dr. L. Neumann left last Saturday for a ten
days' outing at Lake Tahoe.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Belden went to the
Hotel del Monte last Saturday for a brief visit.
Major and Mrs. B. C. Truman have secured a
cottage at Santa Monica for the season.
Miss Charlotte Moulder has returned from a
six months' visit in Honolulu and is the guest
of Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Moulder in Blythedale.
Dr. and Mrs. Grant Selfridge are passing a
month at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Macfarlane returned
to Honolulu last Saturday on the steamship
Australia.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Dennis Arnold have returned
from the Hawaiian Islands.
Miss Helen Bristol and Miss Maud Bristol are
passing several weeks at Santa Cruz.
Dr. and Mrs. Edward A. Younger will leave
next Friday to visit C. O. Lukens and family at
their country home, Grafton, in Shasta County,
for a couple of weeks. They will stop at the
Tavern of Castle Crag while en route home.
Louis B. Parrot*, left for the East on Friday
to meat his family, who are returning from
Europe.
Mi«s Mary Mercado is visiting Miss Tomp
kins in San Rafael.
Judge and Mrs. John H. Boalt left last Thurs
day for Europe and will be away several
months. They will remain at Carlsbad most
of the lime.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels and Miss
Emma Spreckels have returned from their
European trip.
Mi^s Leontine Blakeman has returned from
a visit to Miss Rose Hooper at San Mateo.
Miss Fanny Fnedlandef is visiting Mrs. Lloyd
Tevis at San Rafael.
Mrs. William F. Bowers will soon leave to
visit friends in Seattle for a few weeks
Mr. and Mrs. George M. Pinkard are visiting
Colonel and Mrs. E. E. Eyre at Menlo Park
Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Van Ness have returned
from Southern California.
Mrs. Robert Graves and Miss Elma Graves
have gone to Portland, Or., on a six weeks'
visit.
Miss Sallie Maynard is visiting Mr, aud Mrs.
Elliott McAllister at their cottage in San
Rafael.
Miss Gertrude Forman has been visiting Mr.
and Mrs. Webster Jones in Ross Valley during
the past week.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss and family will
camp in the Santa Cruz Mountains during
August.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and Miss Ruth
erford will leave Castle Crag late In July to
visit the Hotel <lel Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. William Alvord returned last
Saturday from Alaska after an absence of six
weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Hayne (nee Howard),
who have been living in San Mateo since their
marriage, will come up to the City in August.
They will reside on Jackson street, near
fcteiner.
Mrs. W. P. Morgan and the Misses Ella and
Therese Morgan have gone to Southern Califor
nia for a few weeks.
Mrs. James Carolan and the Misses Emily
and Genevieve Carolan are passing the sum
mer in a cottage at Menlo Park.
Mrs. Margaret Irvine, Mrs. C. A. Spreckels
and J. W. Byrne went to the Hotel del Monte
last Saturday to make a prolonged visit.
Mr. Bnd Mra. Henry L. Dodge arrived in New
York City last Monday, aud sailed for Europe
the following day.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel T. Murphy are occupy
ing the Donohoe villain Menlo Park. Miss Jen
nie Hooker has been visiting them.
Mits Susie Blanding has oeen entertaining
Miss Sophia Pierce in San .Rafael during the
past fortnight.
MUs Uenevieve Goad has returned to Sausa
lito after a visit to Miss Helen Hopkins at
Men4o Park.
Misses Marian and Frances Moore returned
Itirt Monday from a visit to Mr. and Mrs Per"y
P. Moore at Menlo Park.
Mrs. W. I. Kip and the Misses Clementina
ana Mary Kip hnve gone to Lake Tahoe for a
couple of weeks.
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll and the Misses Car
roll postponed their departure for Honolulu
until next Thursday.
James V. Coleman is at the Hotel Waldorf in
New York City.
R. P. Schwerin has returned from New York
after a brief absence.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa Cruz
will return from Paris early in October.
Miss Martha P. Gibbe is visiting Mrs. J R
Walker Jr. In Halt Lake City. X
Miss Daisy Van Ness has been at the Hotel
del Monte during the past week.
Mrs. Frank S. Hicks and ber daughter came
up from Los Angeles on July 10 and are at the
Hotel del Monte.
Judge Edward A. Belcher is passing his
summer vacation hunting and fishing among
the mountains of Humboldt and Trinity coun
ties. Mrs. Belcher is visitiug friends at Camp
Guston, in the Hoopa Valley.
C. A. Spreckels sailed for Honolulu last
Saturday, and will be away a couple of months
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Trittenoaeh, Miss Maud
Trittenbach and George Colburn have taken
a cottage at Duncan Springs, Mendocino
County, Cal., until the Ist of October.
Leo Alexander and Miss Rae Alexander are
registered at the Riverside Hotel, Santa Cruz
Mrs. I. Cohn and son have left for Reno
Nev., to visit friends, and will be away for four
weeks.
Miss Louise R. Hanlon is spending her vaca
tion at the Blue Lakes.
Mrs. Charles H. Fancher and her daughter,
Mi's Mabel, have taken the Kenny cottage in
Capitoia. Mrs. W. J. McLeod and Master
Charles McLeod are also occupying a cottage
at Capitola.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Magner and Miss Mabel Magner
left Saturday morning for Santa Cruz and Pa
raiso Springs where they will spend the season.
Mr«. Parolini will camp a week on the Quil
cene River with Port Townsend friends, hav
ing returned there from Nanaiino and Vic
toria.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith with their youngest
daughter have just returned from the City to
their beautiful home in Santa Clara County.
Their arrival was a source of great pleasure to
their many friends, who met them at the sta
tion, their eldest son awaiting their arrival
with a gay! y decorated carriage drawn by a
fine pair of bays. At their residence the "re
ception was hearty and artistic, the profuse
display of floral decorations together with an
elaborate supply of flags and bunting com
plstinga pretty effect. The afternoon picnic
nmong the adjoining redwoods was thoroughly
enjoyed by the family and also their City vis
itors, who are now sojourning at Ellcrslie
Farm.
George Waterbury, recently from South
America, is contemplating returning to hU
diamond mines in Brazil. He is to be accom
panied by the Hon. John Schultz and Walter
Lane, both residents of Lorin, Berkeley.
M. E. Rowlands, E. H. Clawi ter and Edward
Clawiter of Mount Eden are spending a week
at Inwood Farm, Sonoma County.
Mrs. B. Miller, Mrs. H. Lichtenstein and
children are In Haywards.
Mrs. H. Blumenthal and Mrs. B. Muraski
with her two daughters, the Misses Lena and
Fnnnie, have gone to Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Wolf of 1625 Sutter street
leave for a three weeks' visit to relatives and
friends in Portland, Or. They sail on the Co
lumbia.
Miss IdaKervan and Mr?. Clara Kervan left
last Friday for Skaggs Springs, where they will
spend the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Lichtenstein have gone to
the Northwest on an extended tour.
Asher Davis and Master Shelley Davis are
the guests of Mr. an<i Mrs. J. Goldberg at their
residence at Howell Mountain.
At El Bonita Hotel.
Among the guests registered at El Bonita
Hotel are: Rev. John Hemphill and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Chamberlain, Misses Vera
Clyde and Dolly Chamberlain. Miss Ann Roe,
B. F. Giddings, G. W. Harrold and wife. Dr.
and Mrs. C. L. Scharff, Phylis Scharff,
Claudie Scharff, E. B. Blood, P. H. Dawson,
George ß. Crandull, T. A. Hatch and wife, J.H.
Mitchell and wife, Oscar H.Curtaz and wife, J.
Harry Scott and wife, R. A. Gilbride, George E.
Bunnell, Sari Francisco; Mr*. E. J. Murphy,
Miss Ivah Murphy, Mrs. A. L. Ovi-r-nd, Master
Paul Overend, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. D. Robb,
Miss Mac L. Nolan, Charles Meusfedorffer and
wife, M. H. Fuller, Miss C. Fuller, J. Levy, Sun
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Nat Cornell, Mrs.
Johnson, Leon Cornell, Dr. R. Urban. J. B.
Cauzza, Dr. F. R. Harkinson, Tomnles; Miss A.
11. Wiun, Miss I!. Hood, W. J. ShotweH, F. Haf
fey, H. Brisloe, P. A. Murphy, San Francisco;
Professor Randall and wife, University of Cali
fornia; C. Stuckert, Z. E. Buckner. Mr*. Kelly
and three daughters, Mr. nnd Mrs. Frank L.
Frisbee, Miss Florence Frisbee, Master Arthur
Frisbee, Edith Frisbee, Ed Deering, Dr. and
Mrs. E. if. Swain, Master Walter Swain, Miss
E. Simpson, San Francisco; W. H. Morgan,
Harry H. Hirst, University of California; R.
Arnold Foster. Fred A. Temple, W. P. Jarvis,
D. Baird, A. R. Jackson, Howard S. Avery, F.
C. Marston, A. F. Williams, C. Brady. Vance A.
Stuart, Luciau L. Wood, C. W. Hoane, Berke
ley; Albert Magee and wife, Miss E. Cooper, T.
R. Baxiey and wife, Barbara; Dr. Wil
liam Cole, wife and daughter, David Connell,
Mrs. W. Graham, Guerneville; H. M. Le l!ar
ron, Valley Ford; D. E. Baker, T. Couehlin,
Sausalito ; S. J. Hayes, C. E. Smith, San Raiael;
Charles Roth, Charles A. Bennett, Mrs. Ben
nett. Miss Agnes Dunkel, R. G. Morgan, Hor
ace Hassell, George Gordon and wife, E. I>in
nicgan, R. R. Dlnniegan, Captain R. H.
Fletcher, Colonel Van Stow, Major Harry Stow.
Al Gcrberding, San Francisco; Arthur E. Colby,
Mrs. M. A. Colby, Mr. and Mrs. Gorvine, Miss
Flora Gorving, Oscar Qorrlng, Fred Gorving,
Mr. Thurston, Mr. Beck, J. Deering, Oakland;
Miss Nellie T. Haley, Miss Stoher, San Fran
cisco.
At the Rafael.
The palm for Rayety at the resorts must be
awarded to the Rafael. Captain Johnson, the
genial manager, is paying every attention to
his numerous guests whom he contrives to
keep constantly amused and contented. As a
result of his excellent management* the hotel
becomes more and more popular as the season
advances.
Among thegnests at the Hotel Raiaelare:
Baron and Baroness J. H. yon Schroeder, Mr.
and Mrs. T. T. Williams and daughter, Mr. end
Mrs. W. S. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks,
Mr. and Mrs. Swanzy and family, Mrs. Judd,
Mr<. J. A. Folger, E. R. Folger, J. A. Folger,
Mr. and Mrs. Hockstadter and family, Mrs. W.
T. Wallace, Miss Romietia Wallace, Mr. and
Mrs. Schloss, Mrs. Samuel Hort, Mr. and
Mr>. P. Weil and family, Mrs. ( . R. Winslow,
E. M. Greenway, J. B. Stetson, Mrs. George H.
Howard, W. I. Kip, Mrs. Lewis and family,
Mrs. F. A. Greenwood, Mr. and Mr*. M. S. Grin-
Daum, J. F. J. Archibald. Mrs. S. R. Wilson,
Mr. and Mrs. William it Gwin, MissGwin,
Miss Dwyer, Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery Cur
rey, Mis* Currey, Consul V. Artsimovich, Mr.
and Mrs. George C. Boardrnan, Samuel H.
Boarrtman, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mr.
and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, Hugh Tevis and danjrh
ter. Miss Breckinridge, John Perry Jr., Mrs.
Seaward, Miss Kiruber, Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Da
vidson, Mrs. Henry Bctunledell, Miss Sue
Throckmorton, Andrew B. McCreary, Charles
H. Haswell Jr.. Mrs. Cooper and daughter,
Karl Klnw, Mr. and Mrs. s. \V. Rosenstock, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Sussman, the Misses Sns«raan, Mr.
and Mrs. S. M. Rosenbaum, Mrs. Pacheco and
family, Mr. and Mrs. W. Frank nnd family, Mr.
and Mrs. Joe Poheim, Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Wal
ter, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Fisher, Mr. and Mrs
Booth, Mrs. Schlund and family.
At Bartlett Springs.
Among the recent arrivals at Bartlett
Springs are: T. O. Johnson, one of the propri
etors of the Hotel Westminster, Los Angeles,
and his wife; James J. Corbett and
wife, H. E. Corbett. wife and daughter, P. J.
Corbett and wife, Miss Corbett, Mrs. Roberts,
Miss Bender, Mrs. P. F. Nolan, Leo Nelan, Cap
tain Burns and wife, W. W. Naughton. C. W
Wall and wife, Mrs. S. Bell, Mrs. Baker
Moffitt, Mrs. Etnma D. Brown, Mrs
O. Helmncb, Miss Vera Helmrich, W.
Sehur and wife, Captain Charles Nelson,
Miai R. Alexander, J. B. Lawrence, Ed C
Dugge. J. T. Gaynor, wife and two children; J.
H. Horrigan, G. B. Dillon, H. J. Webster, H. A.
Gab'-'l, Miss M. K. Crowiey, Miss Marguerite
Crowiey, George W. Bauer, W. H. Dovr, George
A. Dow, Ed Dow, C. J. Bauer, Ashley R. F*ull,
K. Wallace, P. Kelly, R. 0. Voight, Mr*. Sheehy
anrl daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Biggins and family,
Isador Conn, Mrs. A. R. Weir, a. C H.
Lunsman, J. H. Lunsman, M. Kavanagh, Miss
Rose Hass, O. H. Keyes, K. H. Seymour, Mrs.
Dr. Frost, Mrs. Dammock, Mrs. Peach, Mr*.
Melzner, T. C. Morgan, W. T. Arnold. John J.
Kenny, Mrs. F. 11. Hammer, Edwin C.
Hammer, John Elltoit, J. C. Bride. Mrs. W. H.
Powers and son, Leo Cooper, Mrs. Martinez, Z.
W. St<;in, William Masterson, John Weise, Mr-
W. B. Dolan, W. H. Rode*, Miss May Roden',
Miss Uessie Roden, Charles Busch, J. de Libbs
Eiward W. Hinkel. George W. Hinkel, C. A.
McLane, Mife and son, F. L. Soutliack Jr., H.
Herbst. F. C. Herck, C. Reg'.ey, all of San Fran
cisco; Mrs. E, Dwyer, Mrs. RoDert T. Devlin, H.
Slide Jr., Mrs. J.H. Slide. Miss Lizzie Slinde,
F. J. Waldren, Mrs. M. E. Waldren and son,
Fred C. Yorke, Edward C. McCabe, Fred
Smith, George C. Sherman and wife, Mrs.
Winslow.
At the Hotel de Redwood.
The Hotel de Redwood is crowded to its ut
most capacity. Satuiday evening Mr. and
Mrs. Cox gave a lawn party to the guests
which was one of the finest ever given in this
p^rt of the country. There was music and
dancing, and above all several fine tableaux,
one of which was "The New Woman on
Wheels," and one "Our Next President. Mc-
Kinley."
The arrivals at the hotel are: Rev. T. L.
Randolph ana wife, Miss L. P. Langhorn. the
Misses Cullen, Miss Alice Treanor, Miss Edith
Treanor, Miss Alice Jordan, Miss E. G. May
Mr. and Mrs. Cohen 'and family, Mrs. Ryder
and daughter, Mrs. Bray, Mr. and Mrs. Cham
borlayne and son, Mr. nnd Mrs. W. E. Well
man, Miss May Loveland, Mis* Alice Brown,
Miss May Brown, Mrs. Morgan, William Mor
gan, Mrs. A. Levy and sons, lOrn
Helen Levy, MWs L. Saltonstall, Miss
Irma Livingston, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Levy
and daughter, Mrs. Stevens and family, Mm
Mabel Whitmore, Miss Blanche Gross, Mr. and
Mrs. Halbert and family, Dr. U. A. Bernard,
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Parcells, Frank Parcells,
Charles Parcells. Robert Trumbell, Miss A.
turn Suden, Miss H. turn Suden, Lawrence
Wagener, C. F. Richards Jr., C. F. Richards Sr.,
the Misses Richards, James Furgeson, Miss L.
K. Pir»er, Miss J. Piper, Mrs. F. W. Willes and
daughter. Miss L. B. Cullen and niece. Frank
Barstow, Miss O. Leavenwortn, Bert Wells, D.
A. Brown, Colonel Samuel Clloper and wife,
Charles Fletter and wife.
At ./Etna Springs.
Among the latest arrivals at ./Etna Springs
are: L. W. (*!■■— n, Miss Annie iiinds.Miss K.
E. Kean, Sau Francisco; J. P. Betancue, U. K.
Peterson, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Rednall,
Mr. and Mrs. John Tobin, St. Helena; M. Rad
ford, James S. Bock, P. 8. Hunter, Mrs. G. C.
Landis, Miss L. Land!*, Miss M. E
Traynor, Miss Nora Moynehan, fcißn Francisco;
Mrs. Eugene J. Bates, William Bates, George
Bates. Alameda; Mrs. D. Marcucil, Miss L.
Gorman, Miss L. Mahony, Miss E. Mahony,
•Tames \\interburn and wife, Miss L. Winter
burn, William Martin and wife, Miss Alice M.
Martin, D. Gneringer, L. Lang, Sau Francisco;
Mrs. E. Kavanaugh, Miss Helen Bates, Ala
meda.
At the El Monte.
Among the guests at the El Monte, Sausalito-
Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg, J. B. Whitney and fam
ily, Mrs. and Miss Coffin, Mrs. Beth. Miss Rose
Mann, Joseph Arubeim, William. J. Ahem and
family, Miss Mamie Molnhill, Miss Florence
Cook, Lieutenant C. P. Eaton, Mrs. E.TVangcn
heim ana daughter. Mns. Eva Tenney H A
Nauman, Rev. M. Frie.llauder, Henry Wlm
and family, Dr. A. M. Flood, R MysVll
Miss M. Gray, Mi.ss K. Geary. Mr.'. A T.Spi y
and son, Ernest Heyman, R. k. Boync Mrs
George Ross, Miss Mac F. Korts, G. A. Werner'
Miss Edith Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Pollard H j'
McGill, Miss G Blethen, A. Seellgsohn and
family, Mrs. J. L. Lewison and family L L
Leary, D. Roberts, U. G. Playfair, T. j Crctw-
Icy and family.
• * m _
Good mornlns, have you read Thomas Slater's
iverUsemem for men on page or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
O SUft, WHEN YOU GO HOW LONE
WE'LL BE
Till you come with the morn
ing's light!
You're the only "he" that we
maidens see
From dawn till the fall of
Night!
For the pale-faced Moon, 0..
little we care
as we roam by the evening
SEA I
And never we sigh for a glance
of her eye—
For the Moon is only a "she."
THE PAST WEEK
IN LOCAL SOCIETY,
Reception and Dance in
Honor of Edward T.
Ritter.
A Merry Party Enjoys a Bus
Ride to Millbrae Crystal
Springs.
Nuptials of Hiss Flood and G. Young*
man at St. Joseph's — Doxey-
Hansen Wedding.
Edward T. Ritter was tendered a most suc
cessful birthday party by his mother last Tues
day evening, June 30, in Mission Opera Hall.
The evening was pleasantly spent in dancing
and other amusements. At midnight the in
vited guests partook of a sumptuous supper.
A most pleasant surprise was the presentation
of a handsome cameo ring to Mr. Ritter by his
friends. After toasts were responded to by
Pastor Schroeder, William Wiebolt,. August
Meyer and Ed Ritter dancing was indulged in
to the early hours of the morning.
Among those present were: Pastor Shroedcr,
Mr. Ed Ritter, Miss Louise Bammann, Mr.
Wiebolt, Miss Minnie Bammann, Gus Ritter,
Miss O. Tillie Bowie, Henry Windeler, Miss
Frieda Wollesen, Mr. Cormyn, Rosie Sawyer,
Hc:iry Martin, Miss Annie Bammann, Miss
Mamie Steimke, William Krahn, U. Meyer,
Miss Emma Burns, Bophie Sulberg, V. J. Cro
nan, J. Ritter, Miss A. Schwerdi, Miss Meta
Windeler, William Remens&erger, Carl Geil
fuss, Annie Ahrens, Henry Bammann, Miss
Sophie Steimke, Miss Annie Windeler, Mr.
. Tom Wohrden, Annie Werst, Alma Wiebolt,
Bertha Wortmann, Dick Wulzen, Martha Wie
bolt, William Wollesen, Louise Zimmer, Louise
Pohlker, Fred Huber, William Hoistein,
Trima Holsteiii, Emma Horstmann, Mr. and
Mrs. Venker, Mr. and Mrs. Windeler, Mr. and
Mrs. Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. Bammann, Mr. and
Mrs. Stettiug, Mr. and Mrs. Gimmer of Berke
ley, Mr. and Mrs. Nickels, Mr. Ribban, Joe
Ruscher, J. Grecian, Miss Zimmer and Mr.
Chris Zimmer of Lorin, Berkeley, Luis Ritter,
Henry Stelling, Eda and Willie Wludeler.
A very pleasant bus ride was enjoyed in
Nick Blattner's "Young America" bus last
Sunday to Millbrae Crystal Springs. The fol
lowing programme was rendered during the
day: Vocal solos, Max M. Levy, mandolin
solos, Ben James; guitar solo, blanche Buck
ingham ; piano and yocal solos, Ida Marcus;
Instrumental quartet, S. Rosenthai, Messrs.
James, Levy and Cunningham; selections on
the harp, B. Brottman; quartet. Miss Ruby
Waltham, Miss Ida Marcus, Max Levy, B.
Brottmau. After a splendid repast the bal
ance of the day was spent in dancing.
The following ladies and gentlemen were
present: Misses Blanche Buckingham, Hattie
Wood, Bertha Cohen, Ida Marcus, Molly Cohen,
Lucy James, Bell Cohen, Sarah Cohen, Kosle
James, Laur* Cohen, Mary Roth, Fanny Cohen,
Annie Sundiand, Bertha Cohen, Ray Bern
stein, Ben James, Max M. Levy, M. Lands, M.
Cohen, B. Brothman, Harry Cohen, J. L. Hal
lett. D. Mills. S. Rosenthai. Max Sundiand,
Harry Woodward, J. Rosenthai, Juies Plendel.
Bweel peas and St. Joseph iilies were pro
fusely used in the docorations of Kt. Joseph's
Church Wednesday evening, when Miss Maria
Flood was married to George Youngman. The
church was crowded with a fashionable com
pany. As the bridal parly entered the organ
ist played the march from "Lohengrin."' Miss
Eveline Flood acted as maid of honor and
James J. King as best man. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. P. Scanlon. Altet
the ceremony a reception was held at the resi
dence of Mrs. Flood, the mother of the bride.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Mc-
Donald, Mr. and Mrs. G. Youngman, Miss
Edith Conley, John Conley, H. J. Cook, W.
Youngman, Miss Annie Lally, Miss Eveline
Flood, Miss Nelly Flood, Miss Adell Flood,
James Flood, A. Shepston, W. Hudson, Mrs. K.
Sleath, Miss Louetta Sleath, James King, M. K.
King, Miss Edith de Witt.
Ai the home of tne biide's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Albert Hansen, 2513 Post street, on the
evening of July 8. the marriage of their
daughter, Lillie Marie, and William J. Doxey
was solcmnizid. ( Tr.e ceremony toolc place in
the bay window, which was decorated with
cut flowers, potted palms an.i evergreens.
The bride wan dressed in white silk mauve
en train and carried bridal roses. The brides
maids were Miss Stella G. Hansen and Miss Dot
Doxey. Hawthorne Doxey was best man.
After the ceremony the guests marched lo the
banquet hall, where an elaborate supper was
served. Covers werj lsid for sixty. The pres
ents were beautiful and numerous.
The second annual picnic and excursion of
Court Golden Gate Social Club was held at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, lust Sunday. That
it was both a social and financial success wa»
due to the great efforts of. the committee
havlnjr the .affair in charge. It is estimated
that 4000 people were in attendace. The floor
was in charge of J. Lewis, assisted by Mr.
Tobias and the following committee: J. Cal
mann, H. Levison, B. Garren, J. tiilversteia
and H. Kiamett.
AT PARAISE SPRINGS
:, Among the recent arlvals at Paraiso Springs
are: George J. Crane,. James C. Dunphy, H.
B. Titcomb, Mr. and : Mrs. L. Bloch, Ban
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Bernhard
and child, Fresno; James Coughlan, San
Francisco; M. Sullivan, San Juan;
U. 8. Lopes, M.. M. Silva, • Watson ville;
Jacob Clauss, M. T. Ferner, Emil Manner and
wife. Miss Mabelle Manner, San Francisco; T.
M: Gibson, Los ' Angeles: J. C. Donnelly, Wat
sonvlllo; F. Doud Jr., Monterey; C. H. Gray
Mrs. r Charles W. Slack, Edith Stack,
Ruth' Slack, V. Lew, San Francisco;
J. F. Witzel, wife and two children, Robert Ew
tng and wite, ' Mrs. M. G. Ewing and daugh
ter. San Francisco; James. Crumy, Tehachapl;
C. F. Romio, Monta", Carlo; Mrs. C. Bern, Miss
Stela Fin Ice ldey, Santa Cruz; Mrs. H. Zeimer,
11. Kalm Zeimer.Oakland; Judge G. Roadhouse
Salinus: T. McCarthy, L. SaiiDorn, VTatsonville*
Henry ;_ Alexander, ■■■.'• Watsonvlile; Atiornev
Uovas and family, Miss L, Perine, Miss Lois
Henry, Miss Gertrude Wheaton, Miss Mildred
Wheaion, H. M. Wieden, William Price, wife
aud mother; Mrs. James F. Sheehan, Mrs.
Nellie Peters, J. B. H. Cooper, San Francisco;
A. H. Randall niul wife, San Jose; Joa Abilu,
Watsonville; J. W. Armstrong and L. Crocker,
ban Francisco.
At the Vendome.
The most encouraging reports of Bummer
gayeties and a general good time come from
the Vendome. The weather is slightly cooler,
and consequently cycling and tennis reign
supreme.
Mrs. George T. Folsom of San Francisco, after
several weeks' visit at the Vendome, has re
turned home.
Mrs. J. Sanborn Doe of San Francisco, accom
panied by her child and governess, has arrived
at this popular hostelry for the summer.
Captain J. L. Waller of .San Frßucisco, ac
companied by his charming wife, is pleas
antly enjoying the Vendome's hospitalities.
D. M. Foltz of San Francisco registered the
past week.
F. B. Pierce of Boston is enjoying a brief
visit, as the guest of Dr. R. E. Pierce, at the
Vendome.
Mrs. James Webster of Alameda, accompanied
by Miss Aurelia MaEher of San Francisco, is
domiciled at this popular resort.
Mrs. H. Rosenfeld of .San Francisco and Miss
Carrie Nicholson of Oakland are among the
latest arrivals at the Vendome. They expect
to remain for the balance of the summer.
Honolulu is represented by the arrival of
James Campbell, wife and family, who con
template remaining several weeks at the Ven
dome.
Ivan Treadwell and K. Melrose were among
Saturday's arrivals at the Vendome.
R. M. Tobin of San Francisco registered dur
ing the past week.
Wendell Easton of San Francisco paid San
Jose a "flyer" and registered at the Vendome.
Mrs. M. R. Kimball has returned from San
Francisco and is a guest of, the Vendome.
Mrs. Manninir F. Bowes, accompanied by
MIM K. Kelton of San Francisco, is pleasantly
enjoying a few weeks' visit at this charming
caravansary.
Mr-. H. J. Morton registered from San Fran
cisco the past week for an indefinite period.
W. B. Harrub and wife of Oakland, accom
panied by Mi^s Harrub, spent a few days at
the Vendome, after a visit at Del Monte.
Miss Mac Miller of San Francisco registered
during the week.
At Gilroy Hot Springs. ?
The following gnesta have registered at Gil
roy Hot Springs: George H. Ziller, Palo Alto;
John F. Mahoney, T. Clifford, Carl Antz, Mrs.
R. Wienke, A. Tunker, S. 0. Kohlman, Colonel
Edward Lawton, San Francisco; Mrs. H. R.
O'Keefe, Mrs. T. C. Breyer, San Jose; O. R.
Jones, J. C. Humphrey, San Fraucisco;
E. A. Fowler, Madrone Springs; Miss
Mitchell, Mr. Mitchell, San Fiancisco;
Mrs. E. S. Fowler, Miss B. M. Dodge, Miss N.
T. Dyer, F. Fowler, H. Johnston, C. Fowler,
Madrone Springs; Louis Feldman Jr.,
E. L. Waltermire, T. C. Murphy, E. F. Ward,
A. Stern and wife, J. H. McCarthy. Mrs.
Towner, San Francisco; C. R. Slaysman, Gilroy ;
George W. Alexander, T. J. Weisel, San Jose;
Miss Minnie Weisel, Sacrnmento; Robert
I Wemeke, Owen Gorevan, (.'•. Lanini, C. W. Bon
1 and wife, Fred Kavannnuh, William H. West,
, 8. Carr. Miss Roseven. J. W. Reilly, P. Laborde,
P. P. Hool and wife, Mrs. Horace Seaton, H.
| Davis, San Francisco; w. H. Breyer, San Jose.
At Tuscan Springs.
The* list of guests arriving at Tuscan
; Springs the past week were: J. L. Lucas,
[ Piacervllle; Frank Arnold, Sacramento; T. J.
■ Nolan, Sacramento; Miss Mattle Schleigh,
i Biggs; Nick Claick, Amador; James Kelly,
j Vina; Joel Bigler, Joe Zemansky, Sacramento:
! D. Mathewson and family, Miss Annie Kline,
Wimshan; M. Segra, Colusa; W. Moore, Gnd
! ley; Professor McCoy and family. Red Bluff;
i Paul BueU>e, Arthur Baker, Honolulu;
Henry Sager, Portland; 11. Weitfeldt,
Arkansas Hot Springs; J. Toede, Bremen;
i William A. Fish, Stockton; William Loot-ey,
! Biggs; P. Riordan, C. M. Peterson, William
Johnson, C. Russell, Mrs. C. Hunt, N. V. .Nel
son, Ed Comiusky, Ma.-ysville; G. G, Myers,
wife and child, Rocklin; Miss Annie Hart,
Boston; H. A. Holcomb, Elk Grove; Eli Mont
gomery, Colton; Mrs. A. Stief and family, Mrs.
J. Wexelberger, Red Bluff.
At Vichy Springs.
Among the late arrivals at Vichy Springs
are: From Ssn Prancisco— Hon. W. F. Goad,
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bayne, Mr. and Mrs. I.
| Grant, 0. H. Greenewald, Leon Greencbaum,
j J. gloss, M. C. Siosa, W. L. Gerstle, J. Thome,
\ J. F. Leicester, William Reigcr, Mr. and Mrs.
IT. H. Hurluh, A. Walters, Mr. and Mrs.
fcdward Ring, Miss Margaret Ring,
MIM Helen Ellis, Los Gatos: Miss Grace Car
penter, Mr. and Mrs. M. Nocst, San Rafael;
Miss Mary IfoCowcn, Ikiah; Mr. and Mrs.
John D. Bicknell, Los Angeles; Mrs. W. A. Bray
, and child, FrLiivale; Mrs. H. I. Coon and child,
Berkeley ; Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Peck, Alameda.
From Oakland— H. Namanney, Fred Meiheles,
Miss Margaret Wales, c. H. Kucks, C. H. Kucks
Jr.. Miss Katie Kucks, Mrs. Alma Crowiey,
j children and maid, Mrs. J. L. N. Shepard, Miss
Kutherine Craven.
At Saratoga Springs.
Among recent arrivals at Saratoga Springs
are: Mrs. H. A. Smith and family, Minor
Eating, W. Parks, M. Robinson, George Trout,
I A. Rudeer, G. Sartorious, W. EL W ilder, H. A.
I Smith, George Martens, Mrs. A. B. Tlnson, Mr.
and Mra. Pouilni, W. Powlen, Miss Cooney,
Mis* Bailey, Mr. and Mrs. George J.
Casanova. H. H. Elliott, B. L. Elliott,
J. J. Onyon, R. Johnston, J. McGinnis and
wife, Miss S. Maginnis, K. W. Maginnis, Miss
K. Yorke*, Mi.ss Starkweather. J. A. Britton, F.
K. Whitney, H. Young, J. N. Browning, Wil
liam Rogers, A. Fihush, B. Bii-singer, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Mantens, Miss M. Elliott, Miss E. Lil
lian, Miss H. Powell. Miss L. Robinson, Mrs.
M. Friedman and children, J. T. Mordecai, E.
Painter.
At Soda Bay.
Among those who have registered during
the past week at Soda Bay are: Mr. and Mrs.
R. Martens, Oakland; Miss Agnes J. Connolly,
Miss Maria Roberts, Miss Margaret Roberts,
MiißCamille McDermott, Miss K. Cashel, Miss
Mary Cashel, John Edmondson and wife,
Mrs. A. Ashton, Miss Lillian Ashton, Miss M.
Lonforth, Miss Mac Gorey, Miss W. Dolan, Miss
A. C. Horndon, Miss M. Harney, San Fran
cisco; John W. Breen, Berkeley; A. H. Mallet,
Ban Francisco; a. Ftbust, Oakland; E. N.
Booth. San Francisco; W. R. Hoffman, Stock
ion ; Mr. and Mr?. Asa R.Weils, San Francisco;
Mrs. c. D.Vincent, Oakland; Captain and Mrs.
Shaw, San Francisco.
AN ENGAGEMENT.
Theodore Planz to Wed a Vir-
ginia City Belle.
The engagement is announced of Miss Ida
Sehulz of Virginia City, Nev., to Theodore
Planz of this City.
CAMP FIRES ARE
BURNING BRIGHTLY,
A Large and Merry Party
Enjoy an Outing at
"The Forks."
Pleasure-Seekers Pitch Their
Tents in the Calaveras
Valley.
Danced the Virginia Reel in the Dim
Twilight and Sang Patriotic
Songs.
Calaveras Valley, about a mile above "The
Forks," presents a pleasant scene of camp life
at the present time. A colony numbering
about fifty persons are enjoying their vacation
days in this pretty spot, their tents being
pitched in the shade of the alder and syca
more trees along the banks of the stream. The
first camp of two tents, half a mile above the
falls, is that of Mrs. Cnarles.Tilden of Alameda.
Next above are the two tents of the family of
E, J. Thane ot Niles, Including several friends,
nmong them Miss Dorothy Miller of Oakland
and Miss Florence Hudson of Niles. The next
camp numbers four tents, and is the stopping
place of H. A. Mayhew aud family of Niles and
F. C. Jarvis and family of Newark. This
camping party numbers anywhere from
eighteen to twenty-five, as the visitors come
and go. With the Jarvis family Is also Mrs.
Fred Moses and son, Harold, of Concord, Con
tra Costa County, and Miss Mollie Jarvis of
Oakland. Next along the stream in two tents
are domiciled Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Cole and
children of Centervllle. A few rods farther up
the creek two tents serve to shelter Mr. and
Mrs. Chester Hatch and son and Mrs. Dyer and
three children, all of Centerville.
The Natioual holiday was celebrated by a
rousinjr campfire and a fine display of fire
works In the evening. The branches of the
trees about were lined with Chinese lanterns
and the members of the different camps
gathered round the fire with patriotic songs to
add to the enthusiasm of the children, closing
the evening's festivities with an old-fashioned
Virginia reel in the firelight. The days are
passed in happy idleness, with picnic trips to
the several falls in the vicinity, with swim
ming and fishing and hunting by day, with
candy-pulling and whist parties and various
other amusements in the evening. A hun
dred and fifty or more of the speckled trout
have been hooked, but the creek is being
gradually robDed of these finny beauties by
the number of fishermen who find their war
into the valley each spring and climb to the
very sources of the stream.
Among those who spent the Fourth witn
these jolly campers were: James Whipple of
Decotc, H. A. Mosher of Niles, Fred Moses of
Concord, Messrs. Keenc of Dahl of San Fran
cisco.
CLUB GATHERINGS,
Social Organizations Entertain
in Elaborate Fashion.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club held its regular monthly entertainment
and dance on Wednesday evening at Native
Sonß* Hall. The programme was of unusual
excellence and was thoroughly appreciated by
the large audience present. The charming
little comedietta, "Six Months Ago," was one of
the hits of the evening. Dancing, as usual,
concluded the evening's entertainment The
programme in full was as follows:
Overture, orchestra; tenor solo, "The Last
Watch" (linsuti), Arthur Davies; cornet solo,
(selected), Miss Irene Lynch; umerus remarx,
Dr. J. P. McCarthy; alto solo, "Without Thee"
(D'Hardelot), Miss Alice Partridge. Come
dietta, "Six Months Ago," by Felix Dale Esq.
Cast— Edwin Bliss, Alfred A. Borllni; Jack
Deedes (tiis friend and lawyer). W. M. o*ll vie;
Angelina Bliss (his wife), Miss Rose Broderkk.
The Mission Literary and Social Club gave
its monthly entertainment and dance on the
Bth inst. at Mission Or>era-hall. The hall was
crowded with a large and select audience. The
programme began with comic selections by
George Dunn. A contralto solo was rendered
by Miss K. Burns. Mr. Burns gave the ravings
of McCullougtu. A one- act drama followed
wit li the cast as follows: Miss Nellie Connor
as Lady Klizabeth, Mrs. Materfeld as Mrs
Davis, W. H. Materfeld, L. Itivers. J. Leflman,
Colonel Freelove. After the play dancing was
inauguratea and continued until midnight.
As a result of the increase of members, the
club will in future hold Its parties at Union
square Hall.
The first grand ball given under the auspices
of the Monarch Brass Band, formerly the Sliet
ler Band, was held last Saturday evening, July
11. at Duvenick's Hall. A very enjoyable time
was had and at 11:30 o'clock 200 couples,
under the leadership of Mr. Ruppeli, repaired
to the banquet-room, where supper was served.
Speeches were mede by several of the officers.
After sui>rer they again repaired to the hall,
where festivities were continued till a very
late hour.
IN THE FUTURE,
Fashionable Clubs Prepare to
Entertain Their Friends.
The ladies of the General George G. Meade
Corps No. 61, W. R. C. will give a patriotic
evening in Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh
and Market streets, on Wednesday evening,
Augustus. Every feature of the evening will
be of a patriotic nature.
As it will be the first entertainment of the
kind in the City, those having it in charge will
spare no pains to make it a success in every
way. Some of the best talent in the City will
participate in the programme. A danca and
refreshments will conclude the evening's en
tertainment.
The Golden Gates will give their first enter..
tainment at California Hall on Thursday even
ing, July 23.
La Estrella Parlor No. 89, N. D. ti. W., and
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145, N. 8. G. W.. will give
their first joint party at Native Sons' Hall
on Friday evening, July 24.
On Friiay evening, the 24th of July, the pu
pils of Puckett's Academy of Dancing will give
a bonbon novelty party at Mission Opera
hall. Great preparations are being made to
make this affair one of the most attractive par
ties of tne season. Several new features will
be presented. The cotillon will be led by Mr.
and Mrs. f. Williams.
The Alcaldes have issued invitations for their
annual outing party to be held at Niles Can
yon Sunday, July 26.
Leon, the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. H. S.
Jacobs, will be bar mitzvah Saturday, July
25, 1896, at the Geary-street temple. Mr. and
Mrs. Jacobs will be pleased to meet their
friends at their residence 1511 Post street in
the afternoon.
INSTALLATION,
Washington Associates Install
Newly Elected Officers.
The Washington Associates, at their last reg
ular meeting. Installed the .following officers:
President, Hall Slocumb; vice-president. Ed
McChesney; second vice-president, Miss Julia
Fried; secretary, Miss May G. McEvoy; treas
urer, Al Ruebold; sergeant -at-arms, Bert Chil
son; chairman board of directors, Robert
Kells; first member, John F. Twomey; second
member, Miss Josle Keating; third member.
Clay Slocumb; fourth member, Mrs. J. Gordon.
PERSONAL
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Mensor (nee Colernan)
will be pleased to receive their friends on the
first Tuesday of each month at 711% Oak
street.
Miss Alma E. Hyer has returned from the
country and reopened her music studio at 405
Geary street.
Miss Minnie Hoff has returned from her trip
to Mexico and the southern part of the State.
MissE. F. Bauer of Portland will receive her
friends on Wednesday at 822 Fell street.
Mrs. James Cook and little daughter Zerle
nave returned from a month's visit to Port
land. Or., and will be "at home" the third
Monday in each week.
Miss E. Laurete Cook has returned from a
most enjoyable visit to Portland, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Kapp have just re
turned from their delightful vacation, spent at
Hotel del Monte, Monterey, and will be at
home to their friends on the second and fourth
Mondays at Hotel St. Nicholas.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Markewitz of Sacramento are
visiting their daughter, Mrs. W. Kellner, of
this City, at 12 Hyde street.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Taubenheimer (nee
Goldstein) and family, from Portland, Or., are
stopping at the Palace Hotel.
Dr. Tnomas H. Morris has returned from
Sweet Briar Camp, Shasta County. He reports
fishing is improving on the upper Sacramento
River. T, J. Loftus, the genial proprietor of
the camp, is catching three to five large salmon,
weighing from ten to fifteen pounds each,
every day.
The receptions of Mr. and Mrs. Chester
Bailey Fernald, which were set for the third
and fourth Tuesdays in July, have been post
poned.
Mr. and Mrs. F. T. Donnelly (nee Quin
len), after visiting the various springs in
Lake County, have returned to their home in
this City.
THE ORACLE.
' H. M. In Black and White.
"Oh, Mr. Fenshaw!"
"Milli— Miss Drew."
"You would haye — "
"There's such a crowd—"
"But—"
'•And my glasses— dropped them on the
stairs. You know the Duchess ot Heavy
towers?"
"Slightly."
"No, quite the reverse, fifteen stone — as
blind as myself. Ground to powder— the
glasses, you know."
"How sad!"
"Yes, my aunt, Lady Greenbury, has
been signaling for me for the last twenty
minutes to take her down to supper, and I
cannot see her. Shall we sit down?"
"What a charming — "
"Isn't it? The ferns, the lights and—
and you really po to-morrow?"
"Yes, papa—"
"Oh, the selfishness ot these parents.
Their pleasures are always placed first
in — "
"Their duties, Mr. Fenshaw. Parlia
ment—"
'•The club—"
"Do you think so? And another fort
night would have been so nice, wouldn't
it?"
"Heavenly."
"I got your message this afternoon, Mr.
| Fenshaw."
"Oh, yes."
"1 have been wondering ever since what
you wanted to say."
• l I — I— want to tell you— that — is— to—
say I wish — "
"Yes — yes!"
"Bother ! There are some people watch
ing vs — when they have gone — "
"Where are they?"
"Lean this way'and you'll see."
"Why, that—'"'
"By Jove! He almost took her in his
arms. I wish 1 i ould see who it is. They
have spotted us now and are talking more
sedately. I tell you what, Miss Drew, I
shouldn't be a bit surprised if that fellow
wasn't wishing me at Jerico."
"But why?"
"Perhaps he wants to say something to
I the girl— she may be going away to-mor
row, you know."
"Yes, she may."
"Of course, it is a mere hazard on my
j part, but really it would not surprise me if
the poor begear doesn't want to propose
! and is only waiting for a ciifmce — "
Hadn't we better go, then ?"
"Oh! Well, she doesn't appear to be
eiving him much encouragement, so per
i haps if we stay he will be prevented from
speaking, whicn will save him from a dis
appointment."
"She may like him— awfully."
"Well, she ought to be less stand
offish."
"What can she do?"
"Hello! She turned toward me just
then most pleadingly. And — do 100k — she
has put her hand in his."
"Oh!"
"He appears to be squeezing it."
"He is, indeed." «
"Now he is telling her that he is fright
fully smitten with her, and she— and she
only listens as though he were saying that
it was a fine wet night. Can this be a por
tent?"
• Of what?"
"Oh, nothing. I mean lam dreadfully
i superstitious, and what with to-day being
Friday, and so on, I have grave doubts
' about entering upon any undertaking, es-
I pecially if — "
"I am sure she loves him. I — "
"All ! that was better; she really showed
some signs of interest in him. If Friday
was not such an unlucky day I swear—.
j Ah. she has returned to her old apathetic
attitude; it's all up with him, poor chap.
I hope 1 shall see you when I come to
town, Miss Drew."
"Oh, I hope we shall meet somewhere
Mr. Fenshaw."
"May I venture to call on you?"
"Mother will be delighted if yon will*
I we are at home every day — every day ex'
cept Fridays. Mr. i*enshaw."
"And this is really 'good-by't"
1 I suDpose so."
"If it haan't been a Friday "
"If it hadn't—"
"I would have chanced it if she—.
Bless my soul ! If the brute hasn't made
the girl cry -she's got her handkerchief up
to her eyes." F
"Has he?"
"And he sits staring straight in front of
him, paying her no attention. I say! I
really believes she cares for him a bit.
She nestles toward him— lifts her head
—I believe she'B going to kiss . Milli
cent!
!!o ou S° 08 « ! W" a mirror all the time."
...Say a portent. The gods are for us,
Milhcent The oracle—"
"Has spoken."
Rbadt framed pictures from 50 cents to $50
each; banquet lamps from $1 to $24 each;
clocks from 75 cents to f25 each ; onyx tables
from *3 75 to $35 each, and lots of parlor
easels, as well as a numoer of ready framed
pictures, which we are closing out at half
price. Saabora, YaU & Co., 711 Market at, •
A MERRY CHIME
OF GOLDEN BELLS.
Mr. and Mrs. Moore Cele
brate Their Fiftieth
Anniversary.
Mr. and Mrs. Shricer Celebrate
Their Wooden Wedding in
Novel Fashion.
A Napkin-Ring and a Wooden Horse
Piay Important Roles in the
Anniversary Ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Moore celebrated their golden
wedding anniversary at their home, 9% Vin
cent street, last Tuesday. James Moore and
Ellen Mills were married in Kirk Braddenln in
the town of Douglas, Isle of Man. They lived
iv New York tor twenty-six years, arriving in
1851, and came to San Francisco In 1876. At
the reception the guests were received by the
children and neice of the venerable couple.
The many friends of Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Shriner spent a very pleasant evening at their
residence, 311 Van Ness avenue, Monday, July
13, celebrating their wooden wedding. The
large parlors were most beautifully and artisti
cally decorated with flowers and branches of
the pepper tree. The presents were numerous
and costly, among them a lovely cherry parlor
rocker and oak and plush chair, oak center
table, four lovely flower-stands, music rack
and many other useful and ornamental arti
cles. A programme htd been arranged by
friends and a number of musical selections
were well rendered. Those taking part were
Mrs. Sarah Cooke, Mrs. Eugenia Tally,
B. C. Austin, George Reed, Professor Ricnard
Youug and wife nnd Mrs. Shinn. The pro
gramme concluded with a mock marriage cer
emony, Benjamin C. Austin acting as the offi.
elating clergyman. Mrs. E. C. Griffin, T. C-
Carr, C. 11. Wadsworth and O. S. Karuse as
sisted the bride and groom in going through
the ordeal. The altar used was a wooden saw
horse and the ring a wooden napkin ring. Con
gratulations were than in order, followed by
refreshments.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs. P. W.
Hickie, Mr. aud Mrs. D. N. Place, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas R. Simpson, Mrs. E. C. Griffin, Mrs. M.
E. Fair, Mr. and Mrs. Buzello, O. H. Wads
worth, Miss Alameda Collins, Mrs. Sarah
Cooke, Mrs. Lizzie Nowell, Miss Annie Keogan,
Mr. and Mrs. O. S. Karuse. Mr. and Mrs. T. C.
Carr, Mrs. Jennie Carr of Iguna, William T.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. R. Parker, Mrs. M. Bird,
Frank Shriner. Arthur Palmer, W. Kenna,
Eddy Griffin, Mrs. Li Ransuier (Oregon), Mar
tin U. Norton, Mrs. C. C. Mathewson, Miss Ida
Carmichael, Fred W. Rentsch, Mrs. E. H. Ret
sloff, Charles Retsloff, George Reed, Mrs. L. H.
Champion, B. C. Austin, Mrs. N. C. West, M.
O'Brien, Mrs. E. H. Moody, F. D. Wolfrom, Pro
fessor Richard Young, Mme. £. Young. Mr.
and Mrs. C. J. Myers, Mrs. E. V. Bell, Miss
Meda Hoskins, Ella Merchant Stewart, Mrs.
Jennie Richardson (Denver), C. T. Waltham,
Mrs. Kate Hoskius.Mrs. Emma Paddcxk, Mrs.
E. Nevill, Mr. and Mrs. G. I. Drew, Elizabeth
Sloper.
WEDDING,
Arthur F. ITrey and Miss Allen
Married in Berkeley.
One of the most pleasant social events of
Berkeley society during the past week was the
wedding of Arthur F. Frey and Miss Oskie
Allen, which was celebrated at the home of
Mrs. M. C. Allen, the bride's mother, on Satur
day evening last at 8 o'clock. The parlors
were tastefully decorated in pink and white
sweet peas. Tne ceremony was performed by
Rev. M. M. Gibson of San Francisco. The
couple left on the evening train for the north,
stopping at Castle Crag for a week.
SEW TO-PAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE :
MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
■ *
WE HAVE MADE
A Great
Cut in Prices
IN OUR ,
Lace
AND
Silk
Departments
AND PLACE ON SALE
6000 YARDS
EMBROIDERED
Chiffon Laces,
6 INCHES WIDE, •
AT ■ ■■ ■•■ •■•:- ■■.
¥ C Cents
a yard,
REGULAR VALUE '35c A YARD.
3500 YARDS ' '
FANCY FIGURED
Silk
Organdies,
WASHABLE,
28 INCHES WIDE,
AT
*y C Cents
!^^a yard,
REGULAR VALUE 653 A YARD.
If you wish to secure any of the above Bilks
or Laces call early and avoid disappointment.
.'See display of above Great Bargains in our
chow windows. ' /
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEViNSON,
125, 127. 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BBAXCH STORK— 743 and 744 Market
Street.Another California fiirl Wins Laurels in .New York
NEW YORK, N. V., July 11.— I have
this week an excellent opportunity of re
coraing the success of another Californian
in the East. This time it is Miss Virginia
Foltz. the youngest daughter of Mrs.
Clara Fcitz* so well known to Pacific
Coasters, where for many years she suc
cessfully practiced law prior to transfer
ring her office and her brains to this city.
During the last year Miss Virginia has
been attending the New England Con
servatoire of Music at Boston under the
personal instruction of W. L. "Whitney,
foremost among America's instructors in
voice culture.
She early developed a rich contralto
voice, which has since become one of un
usual power and range under careful and
conscientious training from her instruct- j
ors, with the result that such professional I
people as Edward Rice of the Extrava
ganza Company and Homer Norns, the
song writer, have been trying very hard to
secure the s'oung lady for the American
stage.
•'There is yet much to learn," says Miss
Foltz in speaking of her voice; "it is nice
to be appreciated, but one must be well
equipped with a musical education to
stand up and expect the approval of the
American people. I intend to go abroad
and complete what is already a good be
ginning before I trust myself to the hands
of the public. A good many of my friends
have tried to induce me to take to opera
singing now, but no persuasion can over
come my intention to arm myself more
thoroughly with a musical training before
I take that step. Yes, it is true I have ap
peared in an occasional opera rendered by
the 3tudents of the conservatoire, but then
that is quite different to making a regular
occupation of it. When I sang for Mr.
Rice lie said a great many nice things
about my voic<», but that does not impress
me with the belief that I am a finished
musician. I mean to be thorough. It is
my ambition, and when I return from
Europe next year I may be in a better
mood to sing before others than my
friends."
Since the young lady came to New York
she has been the recipient of considerable
attention at the hands of musical people,
and great things are prophesied for her.
It will be seen from the brief interview
■with this California girl that she expects
to encounter lots of hard work before the
end is reached, all of which indicates a
character that fortune can well afford to
crown with success.
• * •
A. H. Jarman, son of J. P. Jarman i
of San Jose, arrived in New York last '
Tuesday from Ann Arbor, Mich., where ,
he has been attending school at the Uni- |
The attention of beginners who are anxious
to improve in their play has been called to the
absolute necessity of giving careful attention
to the cards as they are played on the table.
This is so important that the advice cannot be
reiterated too often, as this careful notation of
the cards is the foundation upon which rests
the remaining play- If you have not observed
and noted the cards as played how are you to
know late in hand whether your partner's
nine is the best of the suit, or whether you
should trump it? It is not a question of mem
ory, as many suppose, but of noting during the
play what nigh cards have fallen. If you see
and note that all the cards above the nine
have been played, it is not difficult to remem
ber the fact that the nine is the best, and when
it is played you know what to do without any
mental efl'ort.
Further, the careful observation of the fall
of the cards is necessary to draw proper infer
ences, and when the inferences are drawn the
tax on the memory is still further reduced.
Suppose you were South player and held A,
J, 10, 7, 2 and led the 7; West played the 4,
North king, East 6. Partner afterward ob
tained the lead and returned the 9; East
played Q, you the A, and West the 5. You
note that the 3 and 8 only are missing. The 3
must be with your partner and the 8 with
West. Now, having noted the fall and drawn
the inferences at the time of the play, you have
only to recollect that the 3 is with your part
ner and the 8 with West. This is very easy and
simple. Suppose you had not drawn any in
ferences, but tried to remember that the 7. 4,
X, ti, 9, Q, A and 5 had been played in the
order given. That would require a fearful
amount of mental work.
The listless, unobservant and inattentive
player allows his thoughts to .wander during
the drop of the cards, and then, suddenly com
ing back to the game he says, "Please draw
your cards," or "Let me see that trick before
it is turned." Had his mind been eiven to
noting the cards, as they fell, ne would not
have to ask questions. Had he been endeav
oring to draw the inferences during the play,
ne would have had sufficient to occupy him
without thinking of other things. He would,
moreover, have acquired an insight into the
unseen cards, which would have made it easy
to piay the remainder of the hand intelli
gently.
Tbe multitude of things to remember may
confuse beginners, but experience will over
come all the difficulties. Nothing can be more
instructive and beneficir.l than practice in
drawing inferences. Let four students arrange
practice games in which they announce after
each round of a suit how they place the re
maining cards. Try this a few times and you
will be astonished afterward in your play
how easily the cams are located and how much
more each card says as it fails in the play. Do
not guess the location of the cards, but have a
reason for placing a card In any hand. If you
are wrong once you will not make the same
mistake again. Here is a simple example:
Face of Election Ticket Voted in Men-
docino County in 1864.
1 . - * . ...
'.4
fi~*w ■ ■■■ ■if fTX
MISS VIRGINIA FOLTZ.
versity of Michigan, and at which institu
tion he graduated from the department of
law with high honors. He will visit his
home in a fortnight and settle down there
after making a tour of Europe as a sort of
rest and recreation.
Adolph Liebes, a brother of Herman
Liebes, the San Francisco fur man, is
conducting the branch store of that
firm at 130 Green street, and residing at
36 West Ninety-third. Mrs. Jacob Liebes,
WHIST
J, 10, a 1
»
A.9. 8. 7 W E 0,6,6,4
S
K. 8.
First trick. West leads 7; North plays 2;
East plays Q; South plays K.
Second trick. East leads 4; South plays 3;
West plays A; North plays 10.
Every hand should be able to place the re
maining cards of the suit.
Here is another situation from Cavendish :
A, Q. 6 a
N '
X W E J, 10, 9, 8
S
7,5,4,3,2
First trick. South leads 3; West plays X;
North plays A ; East plays 8.
North can place the whole suit, unless East
| is calling for trumps. West has no more.
j South led from five, and, therefore, East
has three more and these, bar a call \ for
trumps, are J, 10, 9. Hence, Souths four
cards are 7, 5, 4, 2. No one else can place the
suit.
Again: P^jH
South leads 6 of H; West plays 8; North
plays 9 ; East plays J.
East, holding 7, 3, says he can place the re
mainder of the suit as to rank and ■ number, if
there Is no cali commenced. Can he do it?
By observing the fall you can be guided by
the developments and play to the situation.
The trouble with most poor | players is that
they are lazy. If they see an instructive illus
trated hand they will not spread the, cards on
the table and go over the play; it is too much
trouble to sort the . cards, and they imagine
they can analyze . the play as well by the dia
gram, but they err. The only way is to have
the cards drop around the table as in actual
play.
We suggest the following plan for practice:
Take an illustrated hand and arrange the
thirteen cards held by each player in a bunch
in the order they were played. Place the
cards thus arranged on the table at North,
East and West, face down, with the first card to
be played on the top of the bunch. Retain
Souths curds in your hand is an actual play.
Turn over the top card in the leader's bunch,
then play the top card of second hand and so
around the table. Draw your inferences and
locate all the cards you can. Then go on with
the second round. For a trial sort the cards
as follows: Give North his cards in this order:
4 S, 5 H, 9 C, 5 D. 10 C. 6 H, 7 D. 9 D, 4 D. 7 H.
OH, J H, Q H. Place at North's place, face
down, so that the first card he plays will be
4 S.
East's hand: 10 8, 4 H, 2 C, X D, 6 C, Q S
2H,A D, QD, SC, BH, 10 H, KH. South s
hand: 5 S, 3 H, J C, J D, X C, AS, 28, 3D,'
2D,7 S, 10 I), A H, BS. West's hand : 3S, 6 D,
7C,BD,AC,6S. 95,3 C. 4C, QC, 8 C JS,
KS. Ace diamond trumps. South to lead.
Keep Souths cards in your own hand and
lead the 58; turn over the top card in West's
buncn, and so on around the table. After the
first round draw your inferences before read
ing the comments below.
This is deal No. 46 of the St Paul vs. Chi
cago match, and the comments in part are by
Mr. Bunn.
COMMENTS.
Trick 2— How many hearts can South read in
North liand?
Trick 3— Why must North have one more club?
Although but three rounds have been played,
I South can locate «-very card in his partner's
hand but one. North held originally six hearts
and two clubs. If he had but one spade he must
have had four trumps— if two shades, three
trumps.
Trick 4— Souths trump lead Is probably bet
ter than forcing his partner on spades, as
North caunot lead to advantage after inking
the force. South letids jack from j^ck, ten and
two small, to give North a chance to pnss, tne
ace being turned. Kast wins the trick with a
false card to deceive South into continuing
the trump load later to his disadvantapi-.
Trick s— East does some card placing here
and figures Hint mere is a strong probability
that his partner has not another trump; he
i an almost place five clubs and four spades in
his hand. East therefore does not try to force
West, but returns the club suit.
Trick 6— West notes that his partner has the
JI Relic of Lincoln's Second Election
Hans Nelson, a Dane, who went from
London to San Francisco via Cape Horn in
{ the pood ship George Law during the year
1854, lias in his possession an original ballot
— of which the accompanying illustration
is a fac-Bimile— of the ticket voted by him
for President in 1864, thirty-two years ago
this fall. It was thrown at Castle Creek,
near Mendocino City, Mendocino County,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
also an old Californian, is stopping at the
Greylock at the corner of Ninety-fourth
street and Columbus avenue, with her two
daughters and son.
Captain C. B. Knocker, accompanied by
Mrs. Knocker, is at present in New
York making preparations for a trip to
England, the captain's home. They will
return to San Francisco in a month or
two, where they have resided for the last
ten jears. Captain Knocker is well
only club not in his own hand, and cannot
lead that suit again.
Trick 7 — South can now count each hand
perfectly, barring the size of the hearts and
trumps "that arc with North and East. West
has shown six clubs, live spades and two
trumps; North six hearts, two clubs, one
spade, and therefore four trumps; East five
hearts, three clubs, two spades, nnd therefore
three trumps. South would be justified in
ieadine ace oi hearts to get out of the way of
possible good hearts in North's hands. East
j'liiys prettily in refusing Vi overtrump No r th ;
be knows he can gain nothing by *o doing,
and hopes that North will be kind and lead a
trump.
Trick B— North is kind and East makes the
most of the opportunity. North should have
ied a heart, placing no trumps in West's hand.
A DEAL SHOWING HOW NOT T.O PLAY.
♦— K.B, 6, 4
O-K
+ -Q. 9, 2
O- Q, J, 10, 5, 4
♦-Q. 3 N «k-A, J, 5
C?-Q, 10, 9, 8, 3- _ <?-J, 7, 6, 5, 4
+— J. 10, 8, 6 w E +-A, 7, 5,3
O-A, X g O-«
♦-10, 9, 7, 2
O— A, 2
+-X,4
O— '•), 8, 7, 3, 2
9 clubs trumps; East to lead. The winning
card is underscored.
TABLE 1.
TRICK.
EAST.
! SOUTH. I
j WEST. ! NORTH.
1 *5
2 06
3 _* L_
4 05
5 ...~ »3
6...... O4
7 j Ad
8 »A
" : *7
0....: +5
i... 06
2;.... 07
3 OJ
T
i «2
02
♦ 7
V 2
03
r>A_
~>9~"
4*4
*Q
xk
i 09
i 07
08
♦Q »X
OA OQ
OQ ! OK
OK 010
03 #6
+ 6 48
~4rj~ +2
+8 49
+10 04 .
08 l _OJ_
09 >lO_
010 i 6£ "
Score: N.-S. 8, E.-W. 5.
COMMENTS.
But little comment can be mßde upon such
play as the above. At trick 3 *AVgt denies the
knave and his partner is justified in trumping
at trick 7. The same can be said of West's
piny when he denies the king diamonds at
trick 2. Witli the kin* marked against him
East must trum;>the second round of the suit
at trick sor los-e a trick. The East and West
players are members of a whist club and are
supposed to play a game with cards called
whiit. These players unquestionably have a
right to play with cards as they choose and
give their game such a name an suits them,
but they have no right to say they play whist.
tabi.k t,
TRICK. I EAST. | BOOTH. WOT. NORTH.
•■■• - i ' : ! - I
1 O6 02 ;OQ ' pjk
2...... •• 06 02 OK -§h-
-3 :.... _+A +4 + e~ lo
4 • 1 *3~ +Q !+8 +9
5; - £5 03 _o_a_ 04
«•- 2J 'OA "03~ « 4
I"- *5 4.X +10 «6
8 :::::::::::::: Si 07 Jar 05
■«••- S« * 2 -°'°- -oio
;? 2? * 7 ° 9 *8
S 21 * 9 -2» <> J
12- • ♦* 08 «0 *k
13 -*i- 09 ~*ar! *io
Score: N.-S. 4, E.-W. 9.
WHISTLETS.
Below are some extracts from a recent
Brtlcleby K. B. Trist:
New schemes for discurding— one of those of
the fantastical order— nay« been proposed, but
none of them appear to be improvements on
the old system, which is based on souud prin
ciples and works well enough if you bear in
mind that the discard is not a command from
partner to play a certain suit. Infereutially
you get the information that he is we«k or
strong in some particular suit, and it is for
you to exercise a little judgment as to which
one it is better to lead from under the existing
conditions ol the hand.
The lead of the fourth-best from ace and
four or more small was first practiced in this
country by the celebrated Minneapolis whist
team, who consider it an improvement on the
old lead, and upon this high recommendation
it is being extensively tried and is gradually
finding favor. Mr. Whitfield of England has
applied his great mathematical attainments to
California. Nelson, now a well-to-do dray
man of Seatile, was then employed as
cook in Jackson's sawmill on Castle Creek.
He voted, as will be seen from the ticket,
for the immortal Lincoln, and says that
if he lives nniil November he will cast an*
other ballot for the National Republican
standard-bearer— William McKinley.
T. W. Todd.
known among California mining men
and has offices in the Mills building.
I met A. F. Blake recently. He was
at one time a business man of San
Francisco, associated with the Scotts, in
terested in the brick and terra cotta busi
ness, and had his offices in the Flood
building. While we were chatting of Cal
ifornia he told me of the different places
be had been since leaving there. "I have,"
be said, "been over the best part of the
United States during the time I have been
away, and am still satisfied that Califor
nia is the only State in the Union. For
some time I tried Canada end the north
ern part of the country, to say nothing of
considerable valuable time lost in the
South. Here in New York I have spent
the most of my time, however, but |
when all things are considered and a grand
total is made of the United States, I tnink
the best thing I can do is to get back to
California and tie ud to the West for the
balance of my life. The people, the busi
ness, the climate and the future of the
country justify my faith in it, and just
as soon as 1 can get my affairs in shape
here in New York I will get out there
and make it my home for good. I have
seen about all there is to be seen of the
great East, but give me the West again
and I'll die happy."
Originally Mr. Blake was an Easterner,
which gives his appreciation of the West
all the more weight.
B. Silverman, a San Franciscan who has
recently returned from Guatemala, where
he has been interesting himself in com
mercial life, is at the Park Avenue Hotel.
He is making arrangements to establish
New York mercantile relations with that
country and will make his return trip via
San Francisco.
J. W. Provard of Oakland is at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel, where he is willing, with
any Californian, to spend a few hours on a
hot afternoon chatting about the coast.
He is here on mining business, having an
interest in many of the most valuable
properties in Calaveras and Tuolumne
counties. Mr. Provard says he has never
found the time when Eastern capital
seemed to be so anxious to get into Cali
fornia mining properties as now.
B. C. Carl, who will be remembered as
one of the leading life insurance men of
the New York Life Insurance Company in
the Mills building, is now with the execu
tive department of the Mutual Life oi this
city, with duties that carry him all over
the State of New York. He tells me that
Californians who have come here from the
San Francisco insurance branches have
succeeded almost to a man. Of course no
one ever heard of an insurance man get
ting the worst of it anywhere. Bob Davis.
the investigation of the matter, and has made
an exhaustive analysis of the question, pub
lished in the London Field, by which he works
out a trifling advantage in favor ot the fourth
best; still he recommendß adherence to the
old lead of the ace.
The Hamilton trophy is a silver vase pre
sented to the league by Dr. Forrest of the Ham
ilton Club of Philadelphia. It was first won
by the Capitol Bicycle Club of Washington in
1892; then by Minneapolis in 1893; by the
Chicago University Club in 1894, and by the
Hyde Park Club of Chicago In 1895.
"A man who has trained his intellect to per
fection in whist has trained it to be capable
of achieving anything that the world can
offer. A campaign does not need more com
bination ; a cabinet does not acquire more ad
dress; an astronomer-roTa! does not solve finer
problems; a continental diplomatist does not
prove greater tact."— Ouida, in Cnandos.
Many of the local whisters who have been
missed at the clubrooms during the past two
months are returning from their summer va
cations and the attendance on contest nights
is improving.
Eighty men played in the preliminary
rounds of the Hamilton trophy contest. Each
of these men played whist about thirty hours
on three successive days, or an average of ten
hours per day. At the end of the third day
sixteen were entitled to play in the semi-tinals
on the fourth day— ten hours more against
victors from the preliminary contests. The
fifth day saw the final contest between the
two unbeaten teams— ten hours more, or a total
of fifty hours in five days. By actual calcula
tion the number of tricks played during the
contest was over 120,000, or 480.000 cards.
No correct solution has been received by The
Call to the dummy problem published July 5.
Is it possible our whist friends cannot solve* it?
Whist clubs outside of San Francisco are re
quested to send interesting hands to The Call
for publication.
The congress developed a new finesse called
the "elephant finesse," which consists in play
ing the deuce thinl hand on your partner's
lead of the 7, you holding ace and deuce; also
"the Street attachment to the Howell short-suit
game." which is playing your small cards from
higher to lower, instead of the usual way.
DOUBLE DUMMY PROBLEM.
The following is a difficult and interesting
problem by John <;. Button of this City.
Diamonds trumps; North to lead, and North
and South to take all the tricks.
♦-X, 3
O-K, J, 6, 3 «
jf,.
O-Q.6
N I
♦-10,8,7 " ! ♦-Q
21£10,9 W E °- A ' 10 > 7 « *
+-i;io,9 " . +-k
0-7 |O-K,B
' . L_i
»-J. 9,5
o
♦-A, Q
0-A, 10, 3
A ; copy of "Whist of To-day," by Work, will
be given for the best solution.
Reverse Side of the Inion Ticket.
_^_ NEW TODAY-DRY GOODS.
SACRIFICE PRICES RULE!
In presenting a few of the STARTLING CUTS IN PRICES with which
we open another week of THE MOST UNIVERSALLY POPULAR CLEAR-
ANCE SALE of Spring and Summer goods San Francisco has ever known,
we feel that WE CANNOT TOO STRONGLY EMPHASIZE THE IMPOR-
TANCE OF PROMPTNESS to intending purchasers, and particularly to
those of our out-of-town customers who wish to profit by this MARVEL-
OUS MONEY-SAVING OPPORTUNITY, as
These Are Bargains That Will Go Off Rapidly and
When Once Sold Cannot Be Duplicated or Re-
placed at Anything Like the Nominal
Figures Quoted.
COLORED DRESS GOODS !
At 10 Cents.
215 pieces 36-INCH FANCY MIXED DRESS GOODS marked
down from 25c to 10c a yard.
At 15 Cents.
192 pieces 34 and 36 INCH MIXED DRESS GOODS, in pinhead
checks and novelty cheviots, marked down from 35c to 15c a
yard.
At 20 Cents.
132 pieces 40-INCH NOVELTY FIGURED BRILLIANTINES
marked down from 35c to 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents.
134 pieces 37-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL IMPORTED FANCY
DRESS GOODS marked down from 50c to 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
71 pieces 45-INCH ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS (a mixed lot),
in plaids, checks, pinhead checks, stripes and mixed, marked
down from $1 to 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 25 Cents.
35 pieces 37-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS reduced
from 50c to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
37 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, in new
and elegant designs, reduced from 60c to 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
35 pieces 44-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FIGURED SATIN SO-
LEILS reduced from $1 to 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
35 pieces 45-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL STORM
SERGE reduced from 85c to 50c a yard.
At 60 Cents.
25 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FANCY SCOTCH
CHEVIOTS reduced from $1 to 60c a yard.
SILKSrijLKSTsiLKS!
At 50 Cents a Yard.
40 pieces BLACK ALL-SILK FIGURED SATIN, regular price
75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
30 pieces PLAIN AND WATERED SILK CREPONS, in even-
ing shade:;, regular price 75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
50 pieces DRESDEN FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, elegant de-
signs, regular price $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED DUCHESSE SATIN, large de-
signs, regular price $1, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
50 pieces FANCY FIGURED and STRIPED DRESDEN SILK,
in light and dark effects, regular price |1 50, will be closed
out at $1 a yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
At 30 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered
collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and
stripes, will be closed out at 30c each.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, In all fancy shades, regular
price 75c, will be clos"ed out at 35c each.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy
percales, stripes and checks, bishop
sleeves, regular price $1, will be closed
out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT W T AISTS, in all fancy
shades, bishop sleeves, made of good
percale, regular price $1 50, will be
closed out at 75c each.
MUSLIN OPERWEAR!
At 28 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, made of
neavy muslin, finished with tucks and
embroidery, will be closed out at 25c
each.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' GOWNB, made of good quality
muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, will
closed out at 35c each. 1
**" Our Entire Stock of Fancy Dress Trimmings at Greatly Reduced Prices.
1/1/ Murphy Building, ,/
Market and Jones Ml
WASH GOODS!
THIS WEEK— 2SO pieces FINE ORGANDIES, DIMI-
TIES, GRASS LINENS, etc., etc., newly opened (but
arrived too late in the season), that cost 15c, 20c and 1 A/»
25c a yard, will be sold at.. 1................ IUC
SHEETING SPECIALS!
10-4 BLEACHED PEQUOT SHEETING n/|
9-4 XXX SHEETING, unbleached, one of the best made 1 *(t
SOFT FINISH LONBDALE 36-INCH MUSLIN n
5-4 BLEACHED PILLOW MUSLIN m
lit
11111111111J11111111111111" "
PORTIERESjJORTIERES!
We bought 320 pairs Portieres, one pair of a kind, at 50c on
the dollar. They are principally Chenille, from the medium to
the finest. They will be on sale this week. It will pay to ex-
amine the values.
STMiJLLTEMS!
A GRAND LINE OF FLANNELETTES.. £/»
Yard OC
CREAM TURKISH TOWELS, nicely made and good OOnl n
size Each O3C
INDIGO BLUE CALICOES, the real American cloths J~
and dyes . . Yard Jtv;
SHIRRED CREPONS, full line, value for 12}£c; this Hl n
week at Yard i 2t»
\ CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, made of tan, black and navy
blue cloth, prettily embroidered in contrasting shades. ft| eft
neck finished with ribbon and lace, worth $4, will be «PI.C»vF
closed out at Each
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, richly embroid- •Uv:;i-
ered or braided, all lined with silk, ruche trimmings at <£") eA
neck; also black velvet, with jet trimming, all lined, 'P*' > « 7U
ribbon ruche at neck, worth $7 50, reduced to Each
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-breasted Reefer and ft 5 Qf|
Skirt, made of black and navy Cheviot, skirt lined •Py.yv/
throughout, worth $7 50, will be closed out at Each
LADIES' SUITS, c insisting of Skirts and Double-breasted ft fi q(\
Jackets, in black and navy Cheviots, lined throughout «PU«yiF
and neatly finished, worth $10, will be cleaned out at. . Each
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all lined, CO Cf|
finished with bias Velveteen, worth $5, will be closed •P^OvF
out at Each
ZEPHYR SHAWLS.
100 doz LADIES' ZEPHYR SHAWLS, black, light blue, red, OCSf.
white, light pink and mixed light shades, will be closed AOW
out at. Each
—• - .
HANDKERCHIEFS! MEN'S AIM 1 WEAR!
At 5 Cents Each. ' At . 10 ' Cents ..
1900 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL- 65 dozen Natural Wool SOCKS, regulation
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER weight, domestic ( yarn double knit,
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular .^Ltt^'i^X.' ♦«« «£?£,. ~Zt« HZ™
L ri Se $ Derd ° Zen> Wi " beCioBed ° Ut SwSiaSSt SK'Sir!
At 10 Cents Each. At 25 Cents.
1300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED 85 dozen Fast Color Medium Weight, Ox-
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN ford Print, Madras and Cheviot
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price WAISTS, made with 3 box plaits on
$•_' 40 per dozen, will be closed out at front, 2 on back, nickel-plated buttons
10c each. on waistband, regular price 35c, will
At 15 Cents Each. be closed out at 26c "
1200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL- At 35 Cents.
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER 160 dozen Super Weight Camels-hair
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
price $3 00 per dozen, will be closed out a n s j zeSt usual price $1 30 a suit, will
at 15c each. be closed out at 35c a garment.
MBB0i,!_RiBB01! I HOSIERYanIPDERWEAR
At 5 Cents. At 10 Cents a Pair.
3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN RIB- I 300 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BON, in assorted colors, value 25c, will BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels
be closed out at 5c a yard. and toes, fast, black, sizes s>£ to 8%
inches, worth 20c, reduced to 10c a
At 35 Cents. pair. ■".■-.-
-4-INCH ALL-SILK HANDSOME DRES- At joi/ Cents a Pair
DEN RIBBONS, value 65c, will be .w, , o A \ l f*sZ m,™ roTTO\
cinsAfi nut nt Iip a TftrH 200 dozen LADIES BLACK LOTION
closed out at 35c a yard. HogE< extra : high . spliced heels and
— — _ toes, Hermsdorf black, regular price
GLOVES! GLOVES!
— — 250 dozen LADIES' SWISS-RIBBED
:-•?.,'.». At 35 Cents. VESTS, low neck and sleeveless, silk-
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, I finished and handsomely trimmed
8- button length, colors tan and mode j necK. and armlets, worth 35c, reduced
(broken sizes), worth regular $1, will .to 15° each, .
be closed out at 35c a pair.
At 50 Cents Each.
At 55 Cents. 175 dozen Children's Silver Gray Sanitary
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, tan Cashmere Wool VESTS; high neck,
colors and black, worth regular $1, will long sleeves, non-shrinkable, worth $1,
be closed out at 55c a pair. . reduced to 50c each.
fgi/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
\g{/ Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. ■•
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six month*, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, thre« months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by matt- .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall.. i- 60
Wkxkly Call, one year, by mall • *-W>
TMB SUMMER MONTHS.
An>yon point to the country on a vacation T It
■A, i: i« no trouble lor us to forward THK CAUL to
you.- addrcm. Do not let it miss you lor you will
mlii it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Tflfpnone ...Matn-1874.
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 8 :30 o'clock.
713 Lnrk'.n street: open until 6:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock
119 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI find 3?, 84 Park Row, Nevr York City.
DAVID M. KOLTZ. Special Agent.
SUNDAY JULY 19, 1896
Ir!H CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESinr.M-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Obio
rOR VICK-PKKSIDENT—
GARRET A. HOEART, of New Jersey
KT.KCTION NOVKMRKR S, 189 R.
As this is leap year in society and a
bolters' year in po.itics it is bound to be
lively.
Senator Hill insis-ts he is still a Demo
crat, but he cannot deny that he is badly
disficured.
To pet ali the news of the Populist con
vention accurately and impartially you
must read The Call.
It can hardly have escaped the attention
of the t>oy orator that the gold Democrats
are fixing up a buzzsaw.
Tom Reed is to open the Republican
campaign in New York, and Tammany
has begun to hunt a hole.
It will avail the people very little to
have free silver if they are to have bad
business and no wages along with it.
The wboie country should take a good
Test to-day, for the Populists will put a
big strain on it during the coming week.
Never were the business interests of the
country so united as now, and those who
prophesy calamity are foolish alarmists.
Tammany stays with the party while
bnsiness men leave it, and that hi the re
sult Democracy gets from the Chicago
spasm.
Make hd your mind to vote for the
woman's suffrage amendment. It is time
for Californians to be doing the fair thing
by the fair sex.
International bimetallism is the middle
of the road between the silver extremists
and the gold extremists, aad the Republi
can party holds it.
Genuine bimetallism, like all good bnsi
nes* men. will vote for McKinley. and Mr.
Bryan will have to content himself with
the Kfttt^rtttg vote.
It would be folly for I'ncle Sara to play
a lone hand for the free coinage of silver
when lie can get European bimetallisu to
assist if ho asks them.
Mr. Dai declares the Chicago slopover
was the result of a spasmodic effort on the
part of Democracy to get rid of Cleveland,
no matter what happened. .
All nations that have demonetized silver
?houi'l be compelled to remonetize it. We
c.innot afford to raKe the chestnuts out of
the tire for the benefit of Europe.
rssyard'* speeches may awaken friendly
feelings in England, but they are irritating
to Americans and add nothing to the har
mony of the international situation.
An arbitration treaty with Great Britain
will be a coo<i thin-r. provide! we have a
thoroughly American administration at
Washington to hold up our end of it.
The trouble into which young Balfour
has led the Conservative ministry in Eng
land is another proof of the folly of en
trusting party leadership to boy orators.
If tha gold Democrats should whirl In
and give Cleveland a renomination the
campaign would begin with smiles and
ripple with laughter ali the way through.
Once more Spain is reported to be will
ing to give home rule to Cuba, but the
Cubans are as averse as ever to accept
ing as a gift what they can establish as a
right.
When ship-owner Bewail sees the record
his sailors give him he will wish he had
bolted the Chicago convention as soon as
he saw the nomination for V ice-President
coming this way.
It is as«erted that the women in Wash
ington City who are pleaching against
women riding bicycles are too old to ride,
but it is not reported that any of them
have acknowledged it
The last Congress passed a resolution in
viting an international conference for the
free coinage of silver, which was to be at
tended by nine men from the Uniten
States, three to be appointed by the Pres
dtnt, thres by the Senate and three by the
House. Cleveland ignored the resolution
and nothing was done. That is the Dem
ocratic record on the subject, and it snows
why international bimetallism has made
no progress under this administration.
The Xncs Ltttrr celebrates its fortieth
anniversary this week by the publication
of an edition attractive in many ways, and
particularly no in the repubheation of edi
torials, poems and pictures of former days,
which besides being entertaining in them
selves have a further value for old resi
dents in the revival of memories of times
past. Mr. Marriott deserves credit for the
hlgb standard to which be has kept the
JVcuw Letter, and his work in this reeard
meiite »ii the lucceas behaj accomplished.
BEFORE THE BATTLE.
It is already evident that this is to be
an aggressive campaign on both sides. It j
will be fought with an intense earnestness,
and will engender hi some quarters no '
little bitterness. Out of this excess of feel- ,
ing there is sure to come a good deal of
reckless assertion and invective. Crim
ination and recrimination will be com
mon. Exactly in proportion as stump j
orators and unlearned editors find them
selves incapable of areuing the ab
stract problems of money and the tariff j
and their relations to one another will !
they indulge in personality and abu-e. It j
will be well, therefore, for intelligent j
people to put themselves on guard at the
start, so as not to be misled in the ex
citement that is to follow.
An evidence of tne extent to which poli- i
tical slander will probably be resorted to
during the campaign is already apparent |
in the reports that the gold men are offer- |
ins bribes to members of the Populist con
vention to refuse to indorse Bryan, while
silver millionaires are offering bribes to j
support him. There is not the slightest
reason for trusting either of these stories.
That some delegates at St. Louis will be
susceptible to the influence of courteously
suggested rewards may be conceded. Such
men are to be found in every political
party. The Popalist convention, however,
will not be controlled by bribery. It will
act as honestly as did the Republican
convention at St. Louis or the Democratic
convention at Chicago. Whether it acts
wisely or unwisely it will sincerely try to
carry oat the will or that portion of the
American people it has met to represent.
The last two Presidential campaigns
were comparatively free from personali
ties. It is perhaps too much to expect this
to be so clean In that respect. It has
divided the people on new issues and led
to the breaking of old party ties. Under
such circumstances it is easy for the ac
tions of men to be misconstrued whether
they stay with t'.ieir former party or leave
::. Senator Teller may seem to some men
as the hireling of the silver miners and
Secretary Cailisie may appear to others as
the hireling of Wall street. Denunciations
|of that kind will soon be uttered from a
j thousand voices, to swell on every gale,
and the land will be so filled with them
1 that the traveling foreigner among us will
' come to the conclusion that our statesmen
i are the most corrupt bribe-taking rascals
j on earth.
It should be the duty of every sincere
man to counteract this rising chorus of
idle slander as far as possible. The poli
tics of tnis country is in the main whole
some and sound. Corruption exists here
and there, but it is local in its nature and
has no appreciable effect upon the Nation
as a whole. We are in the main an honest
people, perhaps the most honest on'earth,
and our representatives are not inferior to
those whom they represent. Let us try to
keep the atmosphere clean of all foul
charges and countercharges of bribery and
corruption. Let us bear in mind that
where two such great issues as the protec
tion of American industry and the re
sumption of free silver coinage without
waiting for international agreement are at
i stake in one contest, there is ample room
j for the widen differences of opinion among
• the most honest of men : and let us, Re
j i üblicans, Democrats. Populists and Pro
i hibitionists.reason with one another as best
we may and carry the campaign on with
"malice toward none, bat with charity for
all."
THE POPULIST CONVENTION.
True to its claim oJ speaking for all Thk
i Call has arraneed to give reports of the
Populist convention at St. Louis that will
be thoroughly comprehensive and abso- j
lutely accurate and impartial. In addi- ;
tion to the dispatches of the United Press, ;
j which The Call will be the only morning j
j paper in this City to receive, we will have i
j full reports cf all stages ol the proceedings '
from our special correspondents, John Paul j
Cns^rave and Frank McGuire, each of
whom has already estcbiisheda reputation |
I second to none among the active jour- •
nalists of the country.
It will be remembered that in our re
ports from Chicago we gave the views i
taken of the proceedings from day to day ;
by two eminent Democrats, Judge Maguire ,
and John P. Irish. In those letters an in- j
j side view of the situation was daily pre- i
seuteil to our re&ders, and they were kept J
posted on the staie of feeling that pre- •
vailed at the convention in both wings of <
the party. This feature of our news ser
vice will be repeated in our reports from i
I St. Louis. We will have daily commnni- ;
| cations from several men who rank among j
i the foremost Popuii;'s of the State, and j
j wiii be thoroughly aware of every import- j
ant move made at the convention by I
either side.
It is well known that The Call makes;
no attempt to spread on sensations, and '
regards quality as much as quantity in its ,
news service. Our reports from St. Louis !
will not be stuffed or padded with mere j
verbiage or tiresome ret>etitions for the
sake of filling a great number of pages. |
We ihall give all the news of each aay ]
wi;h pictures and sketches of prominent!
men in the convention and interviews
with them on important subjects, but we !
will not weaken the general accuracy of
our reports by the introduction of fakes ]
or idle gossip to fill space. The reader, |
therefore, will find our<oews service to be j
as compact as possible as well as com pre- ■
hensive, and so impartial and fair in the
recording of what is said and done for or
against fusion with Democracy, that it
will be satisfactory to ali who wish to know
the full truth concerning the convention
and its leaders.
EMPLOY YOUR MONEY.
Mr. Claus Spreckels indulged in no sen
timentalism, suggested no philanthropy,
and injected no "ifs," bnt just flung a
great cbunk of solid common-sense at the
public when he said : "There is plenty of
money in the country. What is really
needed is iv employment. Men with
money should employ it That, to my
mind, is the whole matter. The proper
employment of money means the em
ployment of men."
It is trne that for three years there has
been so much uncertainty in the channels
of commerce and industry that capital
hid some justification lor hesitating to
launch into new or extend old enterprises,
but the people are thoroughly alive now to
the importance of changing the conduct
of the affairs of the Nation, and since it is
only a question of a very few months
when the present tariff and financial poi
icy of the Government will be made to
give way to one that is sanctioned by true
business principle?, It would seem that
capital is holding back without any rea
sonable excuse.
But not all are waiting until the change j
in the administration at Washington is 1
actually made. Mr. Sprockets himself is j
in eridenc* with his money that the time j
has come for idle capital to go to work, j
not only for itself, but to make places for j
workmen who are lying in enforced idle
ness. There is no doubt at all that tLe
present time offers unusually advantage- 1
ous opportunities for the profitable era
ploYiueru of cavitai. and this i* esoeciaiiv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19. 1896.
true of California. The prosperity of Cali
fornia is largely in the hands ot capital
ists, and if th«*y will start the ball rolling
by undertaking new industrial enterprises
t.iey may be sure that every interest and
individual would be more determined than
ever that a sound and safe policy shall pre
vail at Washington after the existing order
of things is set aside.
FOR ARBITRATION.
Although the recent efforts of the United
States and Great Britain have not resulted
! in reaching a basis for the arbitration of
international disputes in whicii they both
• have direct interest, the work has pro
| gressed far enough to warrant the belief
that a satisfactory way will be discovered
.vhicli will make war between the nations
almost an impossibility. The correspond
i ence between our State Department and
j the English Government reveals a strong
I inclination to settle differences by com
missions rather than by armies.
The position of our Government is that
it would not submit a matter to arbitra
tion which would involve a principle of
right, but when it did submit a dispute to
arbitration it should insist that the parties
| to it agree in advance to acquiesce in the
decision, whatever it might be. In this
England takes the position that the right
! to accept or reject the finding should be
reserved; but as that would not be arbi
tration at all, our Government declines to
consider the proposition. Enough prog
: ress lias been made, however, to justiry
! the belief that both nations Mould look
; upon war as a crime if resorted to before
every possible means of peaceful solution
of the differences had been exhausted, and
! that may be considered a long step in the
! direction of truly making war the last
! resort.
It has been suggested that a permanent
I board of arbitration composed of the
: Chief Justice of the Federal Supreme
j Court and the Lord Chief Justice of Eng
; lana for members, with the right to choose
a third member for each case, would com
i mend itself to the confidence of the people
iof both countries. But anyway, the best
j evidence that the spirit of arbitration is
1 growing is that it is beine favored by very
; many prominent army and navy officers.
' Inventions and discoveries in the art of
1 war in the last few years make a col
■ lision on water or land something horrible
l to contemplate, to say nothing of the ax
il pense of going into battle with ships that
| cost several million dollars each. And,
j besides, the world is setting into an age
of commercial warfare, and commerce
wants nothing to do with men who are in
hostile array.
THE POLITICAL BOYCOTT.
The boycott, hitherto supposed to be the
exclusive tactics of organized labor to
bring offenders to terms, is becoming
quite popular in politics. The intro
duction ot the boycott is, it is said, what
the Eastern Democrats had in mind when j
they refused to bolt the Chicago conven- '
tion, and color is given to it by the deter- i
mination of Hill and others to stay in the !
party and work for the party's State and
local candidates, bu t boycott the National
ticket. Between the lines ot the threats
of the middle-of-the-road delegates to the
Populist convention to do all sorts of
things if the Chicago nominees are in
dorsed may be seen shadows of the boy
cott.
Just how much barm a well-organized ■
plan to boycott a ticket would do will al
ways remain a mystery, but there is no j
doubt it could be worked to do an im
mense amount of damage. In the case of
Bryan, speakers all over the country could ■
preach the gospel of Democracy from the
stump and at the same time cause the boy
cotters to grow in numbers and in tierce
ness. In politics a candidate could not !
i tell who would or who would not boycott !
1 him at the polls, for boy cotters make j
! known the fact that a boycott has been
\ laid, but the influences which undermine !
: the boycotted from day to day go and j
! come in secret. With such cunning and j
I crafty politicians as Hill and Gorman to \
j engineer a boycott it would come pretty ,
r near sending the boycotted into bank- i
| ruptcy.
It is to be hoped, however, that nothing
iof the kind-will be attempted. Oar politi- I
! cal battles should always be in the open
; field, where there are no trees to shield
! skulkers, that they may kill without en
i dangering their own lives. In this cam
j paign it is particularly desirable that the
I tight be made open and ' aboveboard. The
: issues are clear and well denned, and the
battle should be so much to the finish that
there would be no question as to the choice
! of the people between Altgeldism and
| patriotism, protection and prosperity. Of
j course, the latter will triumph, but the re
| sult would be more far-reaching in in
fluence for good if not one of the opposing
. forces escaped a sound thrashing. Give
I over the boycott and be openly for or
against candidates. That is the manly
way. ■ - : ' <
THE DIFFERENCE.
If Mr. Bryan would divest his logic of !
buncombe and demagoguery his speeches ,
would read very differently. When be tells
a great political or economic truth it is so
covered up with rhetorical rubbish that
Ita beauty and force is lost sight of. The
other day he informed the multitude that
the St. Louis platform of the Republican i
party declares for bimetallism, which is j
absolutely true, and had he left the mat- '
ter right there there would have been I
point and meaning to his words, but he
new off at a tangent, and with all the vehe
mence of a portable steam engine at high
pressure demanded to know if the legisla
tive power of the United States must be
delegated to some foreign nation. As far
as we know nothing of the kind is con- 1
| templated by the people of this country, j
ana we migut add that so far as we know
' no foreign nation is thinking of delegating
: iis law-making power to the United States.
What Mr. Bryan undertook to show was
I the difference between his kind of Dimet- i
I allism and the kind the Republican party
lis advocating. Mr. Bryan asserts that the
. United States is big enough and strong
| enough to declare for bimetallism and act
1 upon the declaration without conferring
; with any other nation. Mr. Brvan's as
j sertion is confirmed by public opinion,
j and were he to declare that the United
States is big enough and strong enough to
I tell the people of the other nations that if
they or their ships come within the marine
limit they will do so at tbeir peril public
, opinion would confirm that. too.
But it so happens that our people are a
money-loving as well as a literty-loving
people. It happens, too, that they have
a surplus of their produces after supply
ing their own wants, which they have to
carry to the markets of other countries to
find buyers. It is likewise true that the
people of other nations produce articles
which our people want. Our peopl* want
money for the articles they sell abroad,
and foreigners want money for the arti
cles they sell oar people. This brings up
the question, "What is money?" Money
in tnis age is composed of things that are
interchangeable between themselves with
out compulsion and are exchanged for
articles of commerce without hesitation
on the part oi the one or toe other. Com*
rnerce everywhere demands a monetary
system for its use whicQ shall everywhere
be the same.
Among the leading commercial na
tions a monetary system prevails on
the basis of a given quantity of gold
of a given fineness as the unit of value.
It is called "dollar." But the com
merce of the commercial nation" de
mands a greater volume of redemption
dollars, and by common consent silver is
the proper metal from which to increase
the volume, and the commerce of the na
tions by common consent asks that a con
ference be held to change the present
monometallic Dasis of the monetary sys
tem to a bimetallic baois in a way that
shall cause the two metallic moneys to be
exchangeable between themselves upon
their own individual merit. The com
merce of the nations holds that a confer
ence is necessary so as to give the two
metals the stamp of world- wide parity ana
quality in purchase and in redemption
power. This is the kind of bimetallism
the Republican party is pledged to, and,
furthermore, it is pledged to represent the
commerce of the United States in the forth
coming conference for the express purpose
of changing the monetary system of the
commerce of the weld from a monome
tallic to a bimetallic or a gold and silver
basis.
Mr. Bryan proposes to snub the foreign
markets in which we sell our surplus prod
ucts and Duy such articles of consumption
as we do not produce, and establish a
monetary system for tue commerce of the
world according as he thinks it should be.
The Republican party thinks our interna
tional trade of nearly $2,000,000,000 annu
ally is worth consulting and worth adjust
ing upon a monetary basis that shall not
only be mutually satisfactory, but which
shall increase the foreign commerce of the
United States.
PERSONAL.
William H. Coffin, U. S. A., is a guest at the
Palace.
C. W. Fielding, a mining man of Kesmeek, is
at the Palace.
Raleigh Barcar, a lawyer of Vacaville, is a
guest at the Lick.
Frank H. Smith, the Stockton attorney, is at
the Grand with his wife.
Jacques Gronmer of Paris is one of the recent
arrivals at the Baldwin.'
D. R. Oliver, the real estate broker of Stock
ton, is at a downtown hotel.
State Senator 8. M. Androus of Pomona ar
rived at the Grand yesterday.
Dr. H. G. Leisenvlng of San Diego Is among
those registered at the Grand. >
W. B. Rucker, a merchant of San Jose, is one
of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
L, S. Newcomb, a hotel proprietor of Vallejo,
is making a brief visit at the Grand.
R. C. Sargent, a capitalist and landowner of
Stockton, is a late arrival at the Russ.
G. W. Taft. a prominent business man of
Fresno, is at the Grand with his family.
D. H. Ostrom, the ex-State Senator from
YubaCity.is among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Edward Swinford, who has served as District
Attorney at Colusa, registered at the Grand
yesterday.
Judge Charles J. Cresswell and wife of Phila
delphia returned to the Palace yesterday from
the Yosemite.
P. A. Buell, who has at Stockton one of the
largest planing-mills in the State, arrived at
the Grand yesterday for a short visit.
Levin Chase, the San Diego attorney, is at
the Occidental with Charles A. Chase and wife,
and Mrs. Sarah A. Bell, all of whom arrived
from the South yesterday.
Among the arrivals at the Lick yesterday
were George F. Buck and R. C. Minor, two at
torneys from Stockton, who came here for the
meeting of the Democratic. Stale Central Com
mittee. .. .:
A. Goodman, a whisky merchant of Memphis/
Term.. is registered at the Lick with Mrs. J.
Goodman and Miss Rosabronouer. : It is their
first visit to California and they are here on a
pleasure trip. ' -
J. G. Hinkel, the San Diego brewer, who is
establishing a very large brewery in the south
ern city that has so recently 'voted for addi
tional water works and better drinking water,
is among the guests at the Grand.
James T. Landlord, son of Senator Langford
of Lodl, and Alfred P. Fraser, son of the Stock
ton bank | president, arrived at the California
yesterday to attend a reunion last night of the
'■ first class -that went through • Stanford Uni
versity." I
Among those that registered at the Call-
I fornia yesterday were Professor Herbert C.
j Nash, librarian at Stanford . University, As
sistant Professor S. \V. Young of the chemistry
1 department, and D. Davenport, all of Stanford
i University. . ;- . . •.
S. J. Stevens, a wholesale cheese and butter
merchant of Cindnatti.-0., arrived at the
| Palace yesterday with his wife and child and
his two sons, D. J. and C. S. Stevens. The
party has just returned from a trip to Alaska,
and will soon start for Los Angeles on the way
home after a three months' pleasure trip.
Miss Lucile Eaves, teacher .of history in the
j Sun Diego high school for the past two years,
j arrived at the Occidental last night for a short
I visit. Miss Eaves was graduated from Stan
ford University with the class of '94, and was
one of two students up to that time who com
pleted the four years' course In three years.
Justice Stephen J. Field arrived at the Palace
yesterday morning at 7 o'clock, having been
hurried up from El Paso de Robles on a special
train sent to convey him here for the attention
of the x most skillful physicians. The aged
jurist looked very ill upon his arrival and was
| taken at once to his apartments, from' which
i special orders were issued that he should not
be disturbed. He was accompanied by his
wife.
Yesterday the following party started Jfor
Seattle, whence its members will go on the
City of Topeka for a four weeks' trip to Alaska:
i Mrs. Dan Haskell. wife of Captain Haskell;
! Mi;« Carrie Beckwith and Miss Ada L. Fogle,
I guests of the St. Nicholas Hotel; Mrs. G. A.
j Scott, Mrs. Sherman, Miss Hulse and Miss
i Alice Hulse of this City, Mrs. H. L. Collier and
I Henry Latimer Collier Jr. of Atlanta, Ga., and
Mrs. L. J. Chipman of San Jose.
R. H. Wright of Memphis. T*nn., returned
to the Baldwin yesterday from a trip to Tucson,
Ariz. He owns a plantation of 1300 acres
near Memphis. 1000 acres of which is in cot
j ton. The average yield, he says, is a bale to
j the acre, which generally speaking means
i about 400 pounds. * Mr. Wright forces as many
■ *3 670 pounds into his bales because there is a
j tax levy of $1 on each bale ana transportation
I and warehouse rates are all ' reckoned by the
1 bale. ■ He thinks San Francisce has the finest
j climate he has ever experienced and he takes
pride in asserting that he never wore an over
coat or carried an umbrella no matter what
the weather.
. Rear-Admiral William Evashintsnff of the
; Russian navy left the Palace last night for the
! East. He came here a short time ago to inter-
I est San Francisco capital to the extent of
| $250,000 in tne establishment of a salmon
j cannery on Avasha Bay, on the coast of
: Kamschatka, a virgin fishery, where big
I salmon. teem in _ million*. The Emperor of
I Russia gave him the exclusive privilege to
catch - salmon there how and in whatever
number he might wish for a period of ten
years. The admiral has gone to New York.
Thence he will go to St. Petersburg by way of
i Berlin. He will return to. this City In Feb-
I ruary. In the meantime, 'he says, ; his . big
! salmon-canning company will" be ' formed
here, as he has everything arranged to, that
! end. _ ' ' :.-„-. .■■_- -
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. X. V.. July IS.— At the West
minister— W. c. Hosg; Ashland— H. Bradley;
As tor— Mr*. & Fabian; Grand Union— D. F.
Rayan; Holland— G. E. Raum and wife: Broad
way Central— W. Huntress.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
. WASHINGTON', D.- c, . July IS.— Among re
cent arrivals are: G. W. Lynch. &an Diego,
Hotel Shoreham; J. Jackson, San Jose, Wil
lards; J. J. Duryer, Saa Francisco, Page's Hotel
THE SALEM BOY.
In tear*, wlh husky voice, he talked
To people or his native town.
His childhood memories broke him np.
And nearly broke him down.
He talked of viraips that were drilled
Into his boyhood's being there;
Of greatness, the first draught be got
Was breathed iv Saiem's air.
At railway towns and water-tanks
The curlons fathered, as a rule.
To see the longutst who beslew
The Lemocratie mule.
And o'er the country by the mile
He a:rewed tb c talk that practice long
Had made off oily tongue to flow,
Juv. like a liquid song.
And people, having beard that voice
And st me 1 on their homeward walk,
Had this tuuch satisfaction— they
Had heard young Bryan talk.
But what he meant or what he said
That, anaiyzid, would something meau
They couldn't tell. The Sa em boy
Had just been heard and seen.
We'll ring a chance November next;
Rung out will be that boy absurd.
"Neath reason's sway the Salem boy
Will not be seen nor heard.
And Salem schoolboys on the board
This simple maxim then will chalk:
■■You can't get to be President
By talking empty talk!" E. V. Beka.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
At the present time the Princess of Wales'
holding of pearls cannot be worth less than
$50,000.
Princess Helene, the Duchess of Sparta's
baby, is Queen Victoria's twenty-second great
grandchild. '
Kudyard Kipling's greatest ambition is said
to be to serve as a war correspondent. The
nexi big war will take him into the neid.
Shortly before the death of the late Emperor
of Russia, he ordered that seven wild boars
and twenty wild sows should be sent as a
presen: to the Emperor William.
"Hungry Joe," the famous bunko man, re
cently released from a Baltimore prison, must
report to the New York police every morning
as long as he remains in that city.
It is a curious circumstance that Queen Vic
toria has never seen her "faithful Commons"
in session. She is denied a spactacle that may
be witnessed by the humblest of her suLjects.
The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour and J. A. Perm,
M. P., recently piayed a match at golf on the
course of the Honor Oak and Forest Hill Golf
Club at Honor Oak Park. The former won
aver a hard struggle.
Juan Garcia, an aged Mexican, residing in
New York City, is cutting a new set of teeth.
He claims to be 91 years old, and says that na
ture provided his mother with four sets of
teeth during her life of 103 years.
John R. Green, who resides at Ellsworth,
Ohio, is one of the few survivors who wit
nessed the battle of Waterloo, which occurred
eighty-one years ago. Though 9S years of age,
Mr. Green is in full possession oi all his facul
ties, except that his eyesight is falling. He
was born at Bolton, England, on July 25,
1798, and at tne ace oi lti entered the British
army. ____^_^___^_
A PLAIN SHIRT WAIST.
The special features of the shirt waist shown
here are the high turn over collar and the five
box pleats in front, the center one serving for
the buttonhole flap.
The cuffs aud collar may be made detachable
by finishing neck and wrist with straight
bands an inch wide when finished. Make but
tonholes at the ends and one at the center
back of neck. Finish the cuffs and collar by
turning in at the edges where they join gar
ment and pl*ee corresponding buttonholes In
them.
The new batistes with lines of bright colors
In stripes or crossbars make very stylish
waists. When made with detachable collars
and cuffs, ribbon collars and trimminrs may
be worn with the same waist, ihus giving
variety to a limited wardrobe.
The new fabrics for shirt waists show con
ventionalized flowers in gay colors. These are
often made up with collars and cuffs of a plain
tint.
Plain pink, blues and yellows are used.
These have either self-colored or white cuffs
ani collars Some have detachable collars
only, while many have cuffs also detachable.
Many sleeve fabrics are used for shirt waists
this teasou, such as batiste, lavrn, eic.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Aiasl" she mused, aa she contemplated her
self in the mirror, "there are already purple
threads among the pink."
However, age was a thing with which even
the poster girl had to grapple.— Detroit
Tribune.
"H'm!" said the man with the inconvenient
memory. "The paper says that Mips Footlites
swept the bouse with her charming smile.
When I knew her eighteen years ago in Gar
rity's boarding-house she used a broom."—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Gold-beaters' establishment overhead?"
asked the inquisitive guest as a continued
thump! tnump! echoed through the room.
"No. A Belasco school of acting."—Philadel
phia North American.
"I am tired to death," declared Mrs. Ma
tronly as sne reached home from downtown
the other evening.
"What's the matter?" asked her husband.
"Been having baby's picture taken. They
have a way of taking them instantaneously
now, you know."
"How long were you at it ?"
"Three Lours and a half." — Detroit Free
Press.
Noah— Well, my dear, we seem to be on land
at last.
Mrs. Noah— Thank heaven ! And now, when
the water goes down a little more, 1 wish you
would put these carpets on tne line and give
them a good beating. A little exercise will do
you good, alter six months sitting stilL —
Somervllle Journal.
He— Which did you like best of my verses?
She — Why, the one on the first page.
He— Let me see. Which one was that?
She— Don't you remember? The one in quo
tation marks.— Harlem Life.
A.— Now, if I understand correctly, the first
principle of socialism U to divide with your
brother man.
B.— Then you don't understand it correctly.
The first principle of socialism is to make your
brother man divide with you.— Birmingham
Post.
"Is this a sixteen-to-one town?" asked the
drummer.
-It air on Sunday," answered the natire.
*-Onßunday?"
"Y&s. Sixteen goes fishin' to one goin' to
church." — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Blodds— Here's a rather clever little book—
"Don't* tor Club Men."
"slobbs— it isn't the don'U that worry me;
it's the dues.— Fiiiladelr hia Record.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Public Debt— P. P. P., Ontario, Cal. :
The following figures from the report of the j
Comptroller of the Currency for 1895 shows j
the interest-bpHrmtf borded debt of the United
States from 1865 lo 1895, inclusive:
Date. -i 6 per cent. ! 5 per cent. '■ 4^,percent.a 4 percent j 6per cent.c Total.
Aug. 31. 1865. $908,518,691 $199,792,100 .......:.... *«n!!!'8oo 'Hii'Sffiiu
June 30. 1866.' 1.008.355.469 198,528,435 ...............-•..•—•—•— - il'-^'noo 163*406 154
June 30,1867. 1.4*1.110.7 <9 . 198,533,435.:.. ; Jq/wwoOO" 2 092.199 200
June3o,lß6B. 1,841.52 ! .800 221, 588.400 *««™'<l?n 2 158588920
30,1869. 1.886,3 11.300 5-9.3 »0 I ! Sf'fff'ilMl '' 050 97890
June 3o, lß7o. 1.764.93A300 1,5 89 800 • «l'«fsH^i 1952752 082
June3o,lß7l. 1. 13.897,300- 274,236.150 -. ; • ! «i'«'»qß?2 1845074612
June 30. 1872. 1.574,»b3,800 414,567300 — I • i Sl'fllsil 1760 429"462
June So, 1873 1.281.238,65- 414.567,300 ." i - 2t*SS«*lio 1788 87626*
JuneSo.lS74. 1.213.624,700 610,628,050 „....;... .... •— 21'SHxsii?- 1772 621 812
June 30, 1875. 1,1(10,865.550 607,132.750 ! • 1 «f'f^ni2 1 761308
June 20.1876. 984,999.650 711.685,810 ! r] ■ fi'S^si? 1781512012
June 30, 1877 854,6.1,850 703,286.650 fl 40,000.000 ■•■£„•„ ?f'il^}.v IR46HSqiR?
June 30. 1878. 738 619:000 703.166.650 240 WHi.OOO $98,850.0<0 64,b2^.51J 1.845,359,162
30, 1579. 3J0.932.5.0 646905.500 250,000.000 «J9.8'g.11" 64,623,612 1774 618:Sl2
June SO. 1880. 235,780.400 484 864 900 250,0OO,00M ! 739,347 800 M.«MS,SI| 1690191262
June 80, 1681. 156.578.600 439,841.350 250,000,000: 739,347,800 ; 64,623,612 1,690,181,-62
Continued at Continued at
Jane 30. 1882. 8V lw57!l60; 3 4%9^00 250,000,000 739,349,350 64.633,512 1,614,433,912
f 32,082.600 V.
I Funded into |
June 30. 1883. J 2jR e f < f n , 5- 250,000,000 ! 737,942,200 64.623,512 1,388,852.662
-. . i 1882.- Im. ' ~* y--' : '._.'
I 188-J. |
Jane 30, 1884. ! | ' 250,000,000 737.661,700; 64,623,512; 1-276.987.362
June 30, 1885. 194,190,500 250,f00C00 737,719.850 84,623,612 1,^46,533,8b2
June 30, 1886 144,046,600 250,000,000 737,759,700 64,623,512 J«J»«'*f''2|s
June 30,1887 | 19,7i6,i00 25C000.C01 737,800,600 64,623,512 1.°72,140,612
June 30, 1888 1 ...J.... 1222 207.050 714:177,400 64.623,512 l.°ol-007-»62
June 80, 1889. t — — 139.639,000 676,095,350 64,623,512 88U,357,862
June 30,1890 109.015,750 602,193,500 64,623.512 '"'r,«7?-j
June3o.lb9l.' ; , 50,869,200 659,566,000 64,623,512 673,068,71^
Continueu at
June SO. 1892 Js^mlbOO 559,581.250 64,623,512 5^,569,262
June 30,1893 . ...- 25,364,500; 659,604,160! 64.623,512 649,692,162
June 30, 1894. ..; j| 6 per cents! \ 25,364,500 559,618,400 64.623,512! 699,606,412
Oct. 30, 1894..' 60',000!000 25,364,500' 559.621,250 64,623,512 699,609,263
("Funded V
IOAQ •Of '• ■•- . ■:■'.■
June 30, 1895. 100,000,000 1 25,364,500-559,625,750 64,623,512 780,771,462
t Loan of
1925,
rf31. 157,700 ,
Funded 1
! loan of
Oct. 31, 1893.. 100,000,000 25,364,500 : \ 359,630,700 84,623,512 811.834,113
Oct. 31, 1895 100,000,000! 25,364,500 J. 359,630,700 V 84 ,623,512 811.934,113
I Loin of i
td62,315,400 j V
d 62,315,400! J
Date.
Total.
a Fumed loan 1891: authorizing act July 14, 1870, and January 20, 1871 ; date of ma:ur.ty, 1891.
6 Funded loan UO7: ■uthortzin* act July 14, 1870, and January 20, 1871: dale of mararHr, 19U7.
c Pacific Kaiiroad bonds; authorizing act July 1, 1862, ani July 2, 1864; dale of maturity, 1895
d Loan of 1925: authorizing act January 14. 1875. date of maturity, February 1, 1925.
Th<' refunding certificates, amounting to f 5U,96 J, are not Included In the taOle.
Thepeb'icdebt reached the maximum Autrust 31, 186^, and amounted to $2 844,649,626. The
non-Interest bearing obligations amounted to 9461,618,311, the interest-bearing debt being $2,383,
--033,315.
Captain Lees— M. 8.. Cry. Captain I. W.
Lees of the detective force of this City is it
native of England :
Chopin— M. E. F., Vallejo, Cal. The biograph
ers of Chopin do not make any mention of his
having written anything explaining the use
of pedals of the pianoforte.
Colorado Mixes— Constant Reader, City. The j
shares of the Colorado Mining Company are j
not listed in this city, consequently the ques- j
tion asked cannot be answered. You should [
write to Denver, Colo., for the information de
sired.
Raising Wheat— J. A. 8., Poso, CaL If a
farmer raises wheat or other grain he can sell
the same without having a license to do so,
but if he raises wheat and then buys more to
sell with that which he raised he would have
to pay a commission broker's license for the
amount that he purchased to sell.
Value of Silvek— J. J. H., City. The price
of silver fluctuates. Yon can ascertain its
value from day to-day by reading the finance
report in the commercial department of Thb
(_'a:l. The average bullion value of a silver
dollar in 1873 was $1,004. From that date it
decreased until it reached .491.
Esgineer— W. H.O.,City. A person wish
ing to become a locomotive engineer for the
Southern Pacific would In the first place have
to serve an apprenticeship as a fireman unless
he had served in the capacity of engineer be
fore. The applicant can address his com
munication to the Southern Pacific Company,
and it will be referred to the proper paity, and
it" the company should desire to employ the
applicani he would be notified of that fact
The Albion— J. C, Brynmawr,, San Bernar
dino County, Cal. The Albion, Frank Dusy,
master, with eighty persons on board left, ban
Francisco for Alaska on the 20th of last April
aud returned 10 this port on the 27th of last
May. The vessel encountered stormy weather,
bm^he sailed well and all the passengers on
return to port presented the captain a letter
commending his seamanship and handling of
the vessel during the trip.
Zig-zag Lightning— B. F. H., Amalie, Kern
County, CaL It is doubtful if any one can ex
plain why "artists and painters almost invari
ably, in depicting lightning, represent it as
traveling in straight zig-zag lines." Probably
in the very long ago some artist designed light
niu(r in the "straight line zig-zag" form, and it
being effective in a picture, ha* been accepted
as a model, and followed ever since. Artists
and painters, like poets, sometime* warp truth
for effect that is pleasing.
Girl in the Bible— Reader of Tbx Call, City.
The statement in Answers to Correspondents
last week in relation to the word "girl" in the
Bible was correct. The correspondent asked
bow many times the word appeared in the
Bible and the answer was that it appeared but
once, which is a fact. The verse to which you
refer in your communication mentions
"girls," not "girl," and that word aptxsars but
once in the Bible. It is to be found in Z&ch
ariah, chapter vili, veise 5: "And the streets
of the city shall be full of boys and girla play
ing in the streets thereof."
Kapoleox Hi— C. C City. Charles Louis
Napoleon Bonaparte, whose titular designation
was Napoleon 111. was born in the Palais dcs
Turneries, April 20, 1508. He died at Chisel
liurst, parish of Kent, England, eleven miles
southeast of London, January 9, 1873. En
genie Marie de Guzman, the wife cf Napoleon
111, was born in Granada, Spain, May 5. 182 G.
Eugene Louis Jean Joseph, Prince Imperial of
France, was born in France, March lti. 1556,
and died in the Zulu campaign June 1, 1879.
The ex-Em press Eugenic ia still a resident of
Chis-elhurst.
Per Capita Wealth— a., City. The fol
lowing is the estimated amount of per capita
wealth of the principal. nations of the world:
Argentine Republic, $16 99; Australia, in
cluding New Zealand and Tasmania, $23 20;
Austria-Hungary, $10 44; Belgium, $30 29;
Bolivia, $2 90; Brazil, $9 99; British India,
85- Dominion of Canada and Newfoundland,
SIVJ34; Cape ot Good Hope, $22 40; Central
America, $1 51; Ceylon. 0 li; Chile, §12 22;
Chinese Empire (there is no estimate); Repub
lic of Colombia, $131; Danish Kingdom,
*18 10; France, $52 09; Germany. $16 71;
Great Britain and Ireland, $2323; Greece,
*1332; Guadalupe, $9 S6 ; Hay ti. £4 93 : Ha
waiian Islands, $2 04; Italy, $17 69; Japan,
S6 21* Luzon. 94 cents; Mexico, $4 49; Neth
erlands, $35 90; Peru. $5 72; Portugal, $9 SB:
Roumania, $4 98; Russia, $5 32: Soasa,
$15 42; Cuba (before the present war), $48 70:
Sweden and Norway, $6 36; Switzerland,
$18 12- Turttev. $3 SO; United States, $25 66;
Uraguay, $17 79; Venezuela, $1 20.
Mas-op- War— R-, City. The phrase man-of- ;
war is traced back to the Bible. It first occurs
in Exodus xv:3— Lord is a man of war."
It is also found in Joshua, Samuel, Chronicles
and Isaiah. In modern times the phrase has j
been applied to line-of- battle ship, contrary to i
the usual rule in the language, by which all
ships are feminine. The origin of applying
the phrase to vessels probably arose in the tol
lowing manner: At one time soldiers were
called men of war, and they were heavy and
heavily armed, so when It became necessary to
transport them from one point to another by
1 water they were placed on the largest and
strongest vessel*- Such a vessel was called a
man-of-war ship. In course of time the word
ship was discarded, and there remained, as to
the present day, man-of-war. Shakespeare, in
•Titus Andronicus." IV:3. says:
Go, ret too gone, and pray be careful all.
And leave yon not a man-of-war v n search
This wicked Emperor may have shipped bar
hence.
The term man-of-wars' man is applied to a sea
man serving on board of a government vessel
of war. - .. .' .;..
Frances Powfp. Cobbe— A. P., Rlchland.
San Diego County, CaL Frances Power
Cobbe was born in Dublin. Ireland, December
4, 1822. She was educated at Brighton. She
was a frequent contributor to ■• periodical*,
wrote many books looking to the ameliora
tion of ncr sex and a number of pamphlet*
against vivisection. She resided for some
years in Bristol, where, with the late Mary
Carpenter, she worked for their reformatory
and ragged schools. Subsequently she in
terested herself in plans for befriending young
servants and destitute incurables. Alter a
residence in Italy she settled in London and
was engaged in litcrm work ' and iv pro
moting the act of 187$ (41 Vie), whereby
wives whose husbands had been convicted ot
aggravated assaults upon them axe enabled
to obtain separation orders, she was also
during her residence there : active in tbe move
ment for obtaining parliamentary suffrage for
woaiea. During 1&J0 and ISSI »ho teSmnf
lectures to audiences of women on "Duties of
women," whicn lectures were translated into
French, Italian and Danish and had a very
lanr.> circulation. She devoted time to direct
ing the Victrr.a-street Society for the protec-
Hon . anlmiU from vivisection which she
ound-'d. *h«1 of whicn the late Lord Shaftes
bury was president. In time she gave up che
editorship of The Zoophillst and took up her -■
residence in Wales, where she spoke at meet- -
ings neid in the cause of humanity. - . -
£. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street. . . * i -,?,."'
—2 ' » »' a
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsead's.* "
. . ■- : ■ — m m • ■ ' :;.;..: ■
Fpkciai. iniormattoa dally to manufacturer*, s
business houses and public men by, thaPran -
Clipping .bureau (Allen's;. 510 Montgomery. '
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that - Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. '.= .«•.
Mrs. Jones — When do you expect yonr
daughter co Tisit you?
Mrs. Brown— lt's uncertain. Her husband is
a baseball umpire, yon know, and she can't
very well leave her home without running a
risk of missing the funeral. — Cleveland
Leader.
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Sbasta route and the Xortheru Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. R. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave >an Francisco aod Sacra
mento August 28 at 7 p. it Kates f67 90 for the
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send yon r name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for sleeping-car reservations.
Are lon Coins' East?
i The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence ol
alkali dust. S Particularly adapted low the i traus
por.ation of families because of Us palace draw
ing-room and mooern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 641 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531. - ■?. --•.-fr.-'
No buffet should De without a bottle of Dr.
Siegt?rt's Angostura Bitters, the Sonth American
appetizer and invigorator.
" Wocld.vt be without It for worlds ! ' ' wu tho
emphatic declaration of a lady in reference to
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
Ir afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Xrruggists sell it at 25 cents.
Marie CorelH, the novelist, plays well on the
mandolin. She is petite, the embodiment of
gentleness, and cultured to a fault. She snows
Shakespeare by rote, bnt her mystical tenden
cies incline to make her a greater favorite of
Dante.
SEW TO-DAY.
BIGCDT
sJWX vUI
T ill II JBfs
45c PER DOZ. PINTS
55c PER DOZ. QUARTS
75c PER DOZ. HALF GALLONS
3oc PER DOZ. JELLY GLASSES
"ft \*\ fn^ga .
OUT PRICES
Crockery, Chinaware and Glassware
Come and Get Posted.
Great Americanlißportii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st 146 Ninth st.
3310 Mission st, aiS Third st.
140 Sixth st. 300 Fill more st.
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth ft.
53i Montgomery are. ■ 104 Second st. :
US Hayes St. 2: 3359 Mi*.<t*e st.
sa Market St. (Headquarter.* . S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. TwelftSi *t- -
13 1 San Pablo aye. . 917 Broad* 1. ' 1 ll— i
1353 Park St., AUnmd*.
CHEAP POWER
: FOR —
I MINING HOISTS, MILLING. PDMPISG
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO too HOK££ POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power CM nc
2 IHSCOUST FOR CASH, VI U V
HERCULES Q AS~ ENGINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
GAS AND OIL ENGINES,
Office: . Works: ! ,
: 405-4Q? $sosom« St. 315-931 Bay St.
I ; ' ■■■■-. San FrsnfUto, Cal. ......
DAD WAY'S
n PILLS,
! Purely vKft»b^ mild and ; rsliabiai Sacun CO2l-
-pltt« dlgMttoa and absorption at ta» . food, eaaas
a baalUir o( tna liver and x«&derUi« BowSi
natural in tneir op«ras oa without enpis* - —r
■ ■ ■ '*: ■. •-THE TROUT
IN LABRADOR
Qloriovjs Fishing in
tke Hudsorx Bay
Region
"Ttie OuananieUe and Its
Canadian Environment."
-lt:-v-E. T. Chambers
j\ Book Jhat Hunters and
Will Lo\>e — A flea for the
Preservation of the
Forests
A book which will certainly prove of great
interest as well as of value to sportsmen of
our Eastern States and of the eastern prov
inces of Canada is -'The Ouananiche and its
Canadian Environment." by E. T. Chambers.
It contains an account ot the fishing waters of
the Province of Labrador, the principal game
fish in them, and some delightful descrip
tions of fishing trips and incidents.
The region in which the ouananiche, a game
species of salmon trout, flourishes and has its
sole abiding place, is the great peninsula
which reaches from Hudson Strait on tbe
north to the St. Lawrence on the south, and
from Hudson Bay on the west to the Gulf of
St. Lawrence and the Atlantic on the east.
This vast territory is fully 1000 miles from
east to west and 1200 miles from north to
south. The region abounds with magnificent
lakes and rivers, is almost wholly unexplored
and affords for fishermen tbe best sporting
grounds in the world from the time the ice
breaks up in May to the beginning of fall.
The recent construction of tbe Quebec and
Lake St. John Railway has opened up a rich
and promising section of the country to
tourists and anglers. As a consequence it is
slated that a trail 300 miles lone irom Quebec
into these magnificent wilds is now as fie
quent an occurrence as was one of thirty miles
from the same city little more than a decade
ago; while camping and exploring parties in
quest of adventure and sport have penetrated
by portage and canoe to the great Lake Mis
tas«ini. some 250 miles from Lake St. John go
ing toward the north. From a comparatively
small corner uf the territory traversed by this
trnil there could be taken the total areas of
the Adirondack s, the Rangeleys and Yellow
stone Part, and as yet not a third of this im
mense fish and game preserve has been
traversed by tourists or sportsmen.
The Labrador Peninsula is so completely un
explored that even its largest lakes and rivers
have not been even approximately surveyed
to their full extent. Mistassini is the only
large lake north of Quebec that had been sur
veyed up to 1894, aud this was fouud to be
above 100 miles in length. Eastward of that
lake there was found in the same year an in
land body of water larger stiU. The Low ex
pedition, which discovered this lake, was also
the first to explore the great falls of Hamilton
River, which are said to excel those of Niagara
and to be the finest in the world.
The work before us, however, is not an ac
count of the exploration of Labrador and
Northern Quebec. It is a sportsman's book
and contents itself with merely suggesting th«
immense possibilities of the country for thost
who delight in camping out, hunting and fish
ing. It is time, therefore, to turn from a con
slderation of the country Itself to ita fish, and
particularly to the ouananio.be, from which
the book takes its title.
The ouananiche is the salmon found in the
waters of Northern and Eastern Canada. Care
ful observation tends to the belief that it very
seldom descends to salt water. It is found in
the fresh waters of Lake St. John all the year
around. Strangely enough, however, it is not
found in any lakes or rivers that empty into
Hudson Bay, but only In those which flow to
the St. Lawrence or the Atlantic. It is claimed
that the ouananiche, which is frequently
caught weiening trom eight to ten pounds, is
the gamest fish of its size in the world, and
offers the finest sport that anglers know.
Other game fish of these waters are brook
trout, of which five species have been taken at
one time in a single net on Hamilton River;
the lake trout, which grows to an enormous
size, one having been taken which weighed
twenty pounds: the Marston trout, a newly
discovered Labrador fish over wnich anglers
grow enthusiastic; the onitouche, a species of
chub which attains a weight of six pounds,
rises freely to the fly and fights like a Trojan;
the white fish, which Is more easily taken in
Labrador than in the great lakes; pickerel,
pike and turbot, a species of fresh water cod,
which grows to an immense size in Late St.
John and ii described as being very good
eating.
The game of the country includes bear,
moose. Caribou red deer, and almost innumer
able quail, partridges, snipe, black ducks,
teal and sheldrake. Moose, except in localities
remote from railroads, are getting scarce,
t'&ribou are said to be fairly plentiful in the
entire Saguenay and Lake St. John country,
while bear are liable to be encountered at any
time and therefore even on fishing trips the
sportsman is warned to take his gun with him.
The rivers of the country are broken by in
numerable rapids and waterfalls, and there
fore are navigable only by light birchbark
canoes, which can be carried around the falls,
or packed frora one river or lake to another.
The pleasure of canoeing is put down by Mr.
Chambers as one of the delights oi a hunting
or h'shinpr trip in the Labrador country. Of
this pleasure he st>eaks many times with a
genuine enthusiasm, and says:
"It is an experience that none should mist
to run the rapids of the Grand Decharge, the
Peribonoa, orthe Ashuapmouchouan. The sen
sation, as the frail craft glides almost with
imperceptible velocity down a steep incline of
smooth water, or dips into the hollow of a
great sea, is thrilling In the extreme. Now it
seems that the crest of a huge wave is about to
break over the side of the canoe; the next in
stant the birchbark is lifted sideways out of
the hollow. Then again the bow is apparently
upon the point of being submerged, when the
canoeman in front cut* off the head of the
breaker with his paddle. Here, in a very dan
gerous place where two current* violently
collide, or in the very vicinity of a
whirlpool, the guides, resting upon
their paddles, hold back the canoe
in the middle oi a heavy rapid, until
a propitious moment aDproaches for darting
by the temporarily averted danger. There,
both men are struggling for very life, strain
ing every muscle to wrench the cauoe out of a
current that would dash it upon a rock, or
forcing it against the treacherous, smooth
rapid that carry it down over yonder water
fall. For a while they seem to be making no
headway. When one lifts his paddle a little
high, it is evident that the canoe i% losing
ground. Even for the bravest it is an exciting
moment. No swimmer could struggle success
fully against that awful tide. But one false
Rtroke and all would be over. Experience and
endurance triumph In the end, and never yet,
when the injunctions of guides have been ob
served, has any serious accident occurred to
angler or tourist In 'the Canadian environ
ment ot the Ouananiche.' "
Well, indeed, does Charles Haliock say that
there Is an ' exhilaration in canoe-voyaging
which pertains to no other kind of locomotion
enjoyed by man.
The angler who penetrates these regions
must of course rely largely upon the Indian
natives for guides and boatmen. C These as a
rule are said to be reliable, trustworthy and
thoroughly skillful in their work.  Mr. Cham
bers, who has evidently had much experience
with them, speaks of them with high praise.
forVf. r !s b h D eV h - Ci - r BklU as * uides tnrou ? h the
bei'ne a'lwiv" *l ever loses hls wa in the woods,
J! *,*/,* ay * able to find his road over a route
?hroueh £'* by him, and also to penetrate
♦hrougn forests that he has never seen, if
only another Indian shows him the course In
a rough draft upon a piece of bark. Even those
of them who cannot write display marked
ability in communicating with each other in
the woods. They telegr aph by means of smoke,
and it is astonishing how far off they can scent
it— always for a long time before they can see
it or could hear a sound from its vicinity.
If they expect to be followed by another
party they stick a piece of wood in the ground
upon a portage, slanting it in the direction in
which they are traveling. Those who find it
will know by its degree of inclination whether
or not they who planted It are traveling hur
riedly. If it be In summer a small bough or
piece of shrub is fastened to the stake, and by
the extent to which it has become withered
those who flna it will know when it was placed
there. If a hunter, as very often happens, has
to make a detour or remain behind his squaw
in search of game, she will occasionally indi
cate the route she has taken by sticks placed
in the ground, to which she has attached a
small portion of her skirt."
Mr. Chambers, like a true woodsman, writes
as eloquently of the forests as of the game
they shelter. He makes an earnest plea for
the preservation of the great forests of the
north. "Surely," he says, "it becomes every
true lover of the woods to raise his voice
wherever the opportunity offers for their pre
servation. Settlers and others in this new
world are too apt to regard a forest tree as an
enemy. 'Cut it down 1 is the battle cry. 'Why
cumbereth it the ground?' I would that all
such would bear in mind the quaint remark by
an old writer on forest trees quoted by Evelyn,
'Trees and woods have twice saved the world,
first by the ark, then by the cross, making full
amends for the evil borne by that tree in Para
dise by that which was borne on the tree in
Calvary.' "
After that quotation it is not surprising to
see Mr. Chambers pause in his narrative long
enough to give us this outburst from an old
and once familiar song :
A life In the woods for me,
A camp by the crystal stream,
Where all is fresh and free
And pure as a maiden's droam;
Where the birds their revela keep
And the deer go bounding by:
Where the nieht breeze rocks to sleep
With Its sweetest lullaby.
Some notice is due to the form in which the
work has been published. It is a most ex
cellent piece of bookmaking and while the
copy before us makes no pretensions to an edi
tion de luxe it is nevertheless so beautifully
illustrated with picturesque views of rivers,
rapids and forest vistas as to be a
volume attractive for its beauty as well
as for its contents. It will undoubtedly
lead many people to make the trip to
the fisherman's paradise, and even those who
cannot go will find no better pleasure than in
making the acquaintance of the Ouananiche
through these delightful pages.
[New York: Harper & Bros. For sale by Rob
ertson, 126 Post street; price $2.]
John McNacght.
JOAQUIN MILLER
Defects Jtated and Virtues JVaised
in the Work of the Poet
of the Sierras
Ellen Burns Sherman in the current number
of the New York Critic has a lengthy criticism
and eulogium of Joaquin Miller's poetry. It
is the leading article in the issue of July 11 of
that strong literary paper. Miss Sherman says
that if the records of tbe past are to be trusted
there was in Mr. Miller's case something more
than the usual polite apathy with which a
genius is sometimes tolerated by his own kin
and country. The extravagant praise of the
English critics, who blazoned Joaquin's name
with glory about twenty years ago, "seemed
to induce an allopathic treatment of the poet
in his own land." She declares that Miller's
countrymen have heartlessly ignored his
claim to high rank as a poet and that nine out
of ten well-read people in this country know
positively nothing of Miller's poetry.
"In all of Mr. Miller's longer poems," says
the writer in question, "there are a certain
largenesx and grandeur in keeping with the
region which has inspired his song. His pic
tures are all large canvas size, while our East
ern poets have painted little panels, and in
stead of the giant forests and rivers have given
us pictures of a single posy or a dainty etching
of a secluded frog pond."
■ Miss Sherman discusses both the defects and
virtues of Joaquin Miller's earlier verses, and
asserts that "one finds in Mr. Miller's shorter
lyrical poems a knowledge never learned of
schools, which may well silence the critic who
would teach him the rules of rhythm." The
coocluding paragraph of the article is as fol
lows: "It haraly seems possible that any
candid reader of Mr. Miller's poems will deny
that our kindred across the water have leaned
to virtue's side more than ourselves in their
enthusiastic praise ot Mr. Miller. Far from
resenting England's appeciation of him, sim
ply because it would give him a higher rank
on our poet roll than our own country would
concede, we should acknowledge trans-Atlan
tic lpplause with some show of grace, if there
is a chance for any at this late day. We have
not so many poets who can write like Mr.
Miller that we can afford to let one of them
pass into oblivion by our neglect. If such
neglect finds explanation in caifses re-
lating to the man rather than the
poet (a point upon which the
present writer has no definite information), it
still seems hardly generous or just to make no
commutation of sentence to a man whose
early environment might have made sn out
law of one with a far more sluggish pulse than
Mr. Miller's. But, even if we are minded to
review the poet's life, we may safely follow the
spirit of his own stanzas on Burns:
In men whom men condemn as HI
I find so much of goodness still.
In men whom men pronounce divine
I find so much of sin and blot,
I hesitate to draw a line
Between the two, where God has not.
Referring editorially to Joaquin Miller's lat
est book of poems, "Songs of the Soul," the
Critic pays this rare tribute:
•"It will always be more or less of a mystery
to those of us who belong to the aftermath
generation why our seniors have allowed a
poet like Mr. Miller to be so neglected. Some
of us, who have had the good fortune to dis
cover him acciden tally, caunot get over a feel
ing of righteous indignation that our teachers
and instructors should have fed us so long on
the dry scholastic husks garnered from every
clime but our own, while never a stanza of
Mr. Miller's poems was set before us. How
ever, we will try to forget the perverse and un
toward conduct of our forebears in the glad
ness with which we welcome a new volume of
poems from the Poet of the Sierras. Perhaps
Mr. Miller has purposely waited so long for a
second generation foreordained to know and
cherish him. If so, we think, he has not
waited in vain, for his 'Songs of the Soul' will
surety bring about a Miller renaissance which
we hope will make the unwittingly ignorant
look up his other volumes of verse.
"The same originality and freshness of
thought and imagery which characterized nisi
earlier poetry appear in this new collection.
But there is a marked improvement in its
metrical structure. In the longeit poem of the
book, '.Sappho and Phaon,' stanza after stanza
mores alone with the rippling glide of a canoe
in still water, and everywhere we find new
tokens of the poet's old passion for nature:
I somehow dreamed, or guessed, or knew
That somewhere In the dear earth's heart
Was warmth and tenderness and true
Delight and all love's nobler part.
"Whether It be of mountain, sea, river or the
dark enfolding night that Mr. Miller sings we
catch always the same rare and tender
melody. Listen to his song of the twilight:
I love you, love yon, maid of night,
Your perfumed bre.ith, 3*onr dreamful eyes.
Your liiily silences, your si;hs
Of matchless longing: your delight
When night sava, Hang on yon moon's horn
Your russet gown, and rest till morn.
• * »
Now perfumed Night, sad-faced and far,
Walks up tbe world In somber brown.
Now suddenly a loosened star
Lets all her golden hair fall down.
And Nlßht Is dead Pay's coflln-:id.
With cords of cold shot through tbe pall.
"Simply to quote him, is the highest praise
to be rendered a poet who can write like this.
When we give a rose to a friend, we do not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
v*:' S) I > s^*"^ ' s«^f . ■ la'ai^i Jk "\jU l "i\ri<sfcyw£V(jilii
In the Castle of Dusseldorf on the Rhine
There was a grand masquerade ;
The waxlights were gleaming, the dancers
danced,
And gayly the music played.
The beautiful Duchess was dancing, too,
And loudly she laughed and long ;
The beau who danced with her was supple
and slim,
Gallant and graceful and strong.
A mask of black satin he wore on his
face,
From whence he merrily gazed ;
Like a naked blade, from its sheath half
drawn,
His eye on the Duchess blazed.
The light-hearted throng was happy and
gay
Whenever the two danced near,
And Carl and Louisa applauded them
With many a clap and cheer.
The trumpets chimed in with a clanging
tone,
And the viols droned away
Till at last the dance had come to an end
And the music ceased to play.
" I pray that your Highness will let me go,
For I must hie home apace" —
The Duchess laughed loud, " You cannot
go hence
Till I have looked at your face."
hand him, with it, a botanical analysis of the
flower."
Verily, America at large is awakening to a
just appreciation of California's favorite bard.
Know edge Up to Date.
A small work of uncommon interest and
value is "The Living Topics Cyclopedia,"
which now costs, complete to date, the small
sum of $1. It is a unique publication, and its
free specimen pages are worth sending for. Its
latest issue gives the most important fßcts "up
to date," concerning, among hundreds of other
important subjects, such titles as Cuba, Cur
rency (a "living topic," indeed). Debts, Na
tional and foreign: En.st Africa, Egypt, Elec
tricity, England, Engineering, France, German
Empire, Gold, Greece; also concerning the
States Delaware, Florida and Georgia. In gen
eral, the object of the work is to answer the
questions you would seek to solve by consult
ing your cyclopedia were it "up to date,"
which no cyclopedia is or possibly can be, be
cause of its magnitude and cost. "The Llviug
Topics," being a small work and treating only
of "living" topics, is continually in process of j
revision, a new edition being published every
month. After you have paid for one edition I
you are allowed to Durchase later ones within |
a year thereafter at about one-third price, aud '
thus keep your knowledge "up to date" at
trifling cost. Address the publisher, John B.
Alden, 10 and 12 Vande water street, New York.
The Overland.
In the Overland Monthly for August Rounse
velle Wildman, the editor, contributes under
the heading of "We:l-\vorn Trails" a beauti
fully illustrated article on the Yosemite and
Big Trees, while Theodore S. Solomon, the
Overland's author-explorer, continues his pop
ular articles on the "Unexplored Regions of
the High Sierras," and Mrs. Robinson has a
sketch, "The Lon Arrow," which has to do
with the customs and conditions of the Yo
semite Indians before the arrival of the white
man, thus making a distinctively Sierra num
ber for the magazine. Beginning with the
August number the new educational depart
ment is placed in the hands of a practical edu
cator, Proiessor A. D. Coffc.
Dr. Hubert Parry is revising his work on
"The Art oi Music for a new edition, which
will appear shortly.
" I pray that your Highness will let me go,|
For my face would startle thee ;" I
The Duchess laughed loud, "I havel
never a fear, I
And thy face I fain would see." |
" I pray that your Highness will let me go,
For darkness and death are mine ;"
The Duchess laughed loud, " You cannot
go hence
Till I see that face of thine."
Urge never so much with his grewsome
hints,
He could not dissuade the dame ;
And quickly, at last, she clutched at the
mask, •
And off from his face it came.
" The Headsman of Bergen, it is! it is!"
The horrified people cried ;
The Duchess sank back, with fear in her
face,
And fled to her husband's side.
LITERARY NOTES
Mrs. Harriet Beecher StoWe's
Last Essay Was a better
to the fublic
Stephen Fiske, who probably knew Dickens
as intimately as did any American, has been
induced to write of "The Personal Side of Dick
ens" for the September Ladies' Home Journal.
Mr. Fiske often gp.-nt seasons with the famous
novelist at Gad's Hill, and his article will de
scribe the incidents of these visits, Dickens'
home life, his methods of working, and his
pastimes. It will possibly surprise Dickens'
friends to learn through Mr. Fiske that a con
siderable portion of his library was made up of
dummy books, which, however, offered the
author a target for some of his delighttul satire
in giving them tlties, and afforded his guests
great amusement.
Hon. John W. Eostei will entertain Li Hung
Chang in September, when the hitter visits the
United States on his return from the corona
tion of the Csar. General Foster is an intimate
friend of the Viceroy, ana it will be remem
bered that he served as his confidential ad
viser during the peace negotiations with Japan.
For the August number of the Century Gen
eral Foster has written a sketch of the life and
character of Li Hunp Chang, whom he ranks,
as did General Grant, among the greatest men
of the century.
The last thing written by Mrs. Harriet
Beecher Stowe, only a few days before her
death, was a loving acknowledgment to the
public for fond remembrances and tokens and
expressions of affectionate esteem, on her
eighty-fifth birthday, which she sent to the
Ladies' Home Journal. In the next issue of
this magazine it will bo published in fac
simile. It reflects the beautiful nature of the
gifted authoress, and by her death has become
her last message to the American public.
S. K. Crockett's "The Grey Man" will be pub
lished in London early in September by Fifber
Unwin, who is preparing a first edition of
25,000 copies.
Caßsell <t Co. will publish in the early
The Duke he was wise, and he wiped
out the stain,
And placed the Duchess at ease ;
He drew forth his sword from its scabbard
and said,
" Down, fellow, upon your knees !
v By a stroke of this sword I make you a
knight,
And with knightly honors endow ;
As you are a headsman, your name
shall be
Sir Headsman of Bergen, I vow."
So the headsman became a nobleman
then—
My Lord of Bergen, pardi —
A haughty old race, it thrives on the
Rhine,
In a marble tomb sleeps he.
autumn a fine art memorial edition of Mrs.
Beecher Stowe's immortal work "Uncle Tom's
Cabin,'' with upward of 100 original illustra
tions by the Scandinavian artist, Jenny
Nystrom-Stoopendaal.
"The publication of Dr. Byington's "The
Puritan in England and New England" has
been postponed until the autumn. The author
is a member of tbe American Society of Church
History.
A third edition of "The Courtships of Queen
Elizabeth" has been issued.
Bennett Burlelgh has written an acconnt of
his travels in Ashantce and Madagascar, which
Fisher Unwin will publish. The book is en
titled "Two Campaigns."
Mr. Gladstone's new book has just been pub
lished by Henry Frowde. In the first Dart of
the book, which, as a whole, is entitled,
"Studies Subsidiary to the Works of Bishop
Butler," Mr. Gladstone treats of Butler's
method and its application to the Scriptures,
of Butler's censor?, of his mental qualities, of
points of his positive teaching, of his theology,
celebrity, influences, etc. The main portion
of the second half deals with the question of
"A Future Life," with a history of opinion
thoreon.
Herbert Spencer is completing lor autumn
publication the third volume of "The Princi
ples of Sociology," which is to include "Pro
gressive Institutions," "Industrial Institu
tions!' and "Ecclesiastical Institutions." The
last mentioned has already been issued in
"part" form. In the first volume of this great
work are included "The Data of Sociology,"
"The Inductions of Sociology" and "Domestic
Institutions ;" and In the second "Ceremonial
Institutions and Political Institutions." Mr.
Spencer in the winter proposes to revise "The
Principles of Biology."
Among the important scientific books pub
lished by the Macmillan Company is a trans
lation of Professor yon Zittel's "Textbook of
Palaeontology," by Dr. Charles R. Eastman,
Ph.D., of the Museum of Comparative Zoology
at Harvard College, Cambridge, Mass.
Rudyard Kipling is now putting the last
touches on a 50,000-word novel, dealing with
the Gloucester nsnermen and their life on the
Great Banks. It Is written from close personal
study of the scene and the people. It is Ameri
can in its characters and its plot seafaring and
adventurous. It breaks entirely new ground.
The title is "Captains Courageous." There
has been a lively competition for the serial
rights of "Captains Courageous." They have
been securea for the United States by the S. S.
McClure Company, and publication of the
novel will begin in the November number of
McClure's Magazine.
George W. Cable has not published a short
story since "The Taxidermist," several years
ago. In the fiction number of Scribner's he
breaks his long silence with one of the most
artistic that he has ever written, entitled
"Gregory's Island."
George W. Vandcrbilt has imported from
Europe wnat is considered to be the most val
uable library on forestry in the world, for his
Biltmore estate.
The little book on his mother, which J. M.
Barrie has just finished, and which is to be
published by the Messrs. Scribner under the
title of "Marget Ogilvy," is not a biography in
the ordinary sense, but gives aspects and inci
dents in his mother's life in the style which
Mr. Barries readers know, keeping close
throughout to facts. In the opinion of the
London Bookman, "it is perhaps the most
beautiful and exquisite piece of work he has
yet accomplished."
Messrs. Harper & Bros, have published "Mrs.
Gerald," a novel, by Maria Louise Pool, with
Illustrations by W. A. Rogers; a new edition
of "Life on the Mississippi," by Mark Twain;
and "Love Is a Spirit," by Julian Hawthorne.
Dr. Eugene Colemau Savidge, author of "The
American in Paris," will spend his summer in
Europe, where he will seek European perspec
tive for his new work on the American revolu
tion.
Lady Burton, in her will, appointed as her
literary trustees W. A. Coote of the National
Vigilance Society and Minnie Grace Plowman,
who are to continue the publication of her
husband's works; but she forbids any one to
print a single immodest word, aud she espe
cially charges her literary trustees not to
issue, or allow to be issued, one coarse word in
connection with her late husband's works.
They are to publish her autobiography, upon
which she had been engaged.
Vierge (who is called the father of modern
illustration) has made twenty -five drawings to
accompany the opening installment of A. F.
Jaccaci's amudiug aud picturesque narrative,
'•On the Trail of Don Quixote," which begins
in the August (fiction) number of Scribner's.
It will be continued through two more num
bers, with abundant illustrations by Vierge.
Among other books announced by the Mac
mi lian Company is a translation of a book by
A. P. Tverskoy writteu in Russian under the
title of "Sketches from the United States of
North America." Readers of the Nation will
remember a letter published a few weeks ago
from Dr. Leo Wiener of the Boston Conserva
tory, in which he alludes to this author as
"the Russian Bryce." The titles of some of
the chapters include: "Ten Years in Americn,"
'•The Presidential Campaign of 1892," "My
Life, in America," "Letters," ."The World's
Fair," etc.
A popular edition of the verse of Walt Whit
man is to be published by Messrs. Putnam in
London.
THE REASON WHY
The Hero Loses Faith irv Qod and
the Bible arvd Qropes irv
the Darkness
Those who are "groping about" In a "maze
of error and uncertainty" left by early re
ligious teachings; who are "driven to think,
powerless to decide," fearful even of their own
thoughts— have a 365-page novel written for
their special benefit by Ernest E. Rutsell. The
author expresses his conviction that it is the
"honest course, the proper, safe, patriotic, hu
mane course from the standpoint of the high
est public good," for men who have become
convinced of the untruth and evil effects of j
any religious or political or social tenets, to i
come out and say what they think, to the end
tnat all mankind may the sooner reach the
tru'h that leads to the noblest life. To that
end Mr. Russell, so he says, has written the
"story of fact and fiction," entitled "The
Reason Why." There is nothing new to be
learned from the book. Paul Granger, the
hero, loses faith in God and the Bible and
spends much of his time in the effort to make
others: think as he does. He tries his hand at
PQlitics, but makes a failure of It. He thinks re
ligion is superstition, and finds society full of
diseases, religious and political, and his rem- j
edy is a condition of co-ope rat ion, wherein "if a
man work not neither shall he eat," and where J
"luxurious idleness shall not ride upon the
shoulders of patient toil." Mr. Russell devotes
about 365 pages to the diseases, shortcomings
and errors of humanity and one paragraph to
remedies. It is hard to see where the book
will assist anybody who is "groping about in
the maze of uncertainty." And while the au
thor may be honest in the convictions
which he expresses through the mouth
of Paul Granger, he certainly doesn't shine
as a writer of a "purpose" noveL The book is
a tiresome affair, as may well be imegined.
It is to be hoped that everybody who thinks
he is right and that all who think otherwise
are wrong, will not follow Mr. Russell's ex
ample and rush into print about it. It would
bring about confusion and might precipitate
another holy war, a thing to be deprecated.
Paul Granger was evidently intended to typify
those who are "driven to think, powerless to
decide." There might be something attractive
about a hero who was able to think and to
decide, and thus be of a little real use in
the world. The book gives never a pointer,
unless the co-operation idea be the pointer,
on how to "reach the truth that leads to the
noblest life," and the author doesn't satisfy
us on the score of what the noblest life really
is. [New York: Ernest E. Russell, publisher;
price, $I.J .
The Iron Pirate.
In a new preface to his novel, "The Iron
Pirate," Max Pemberton takes occasion to re
mark that he is able to answer those critics of
the first edition who disputed the scientific ac
curacy of the theory which would seek to drive
a ship by the gas-engine. Professor Kennedy,
he says, has now admitted not only the possi
bility, but has proclaimed the probability of
gas as a marine motor in the future. "The
Iron Pirate" is a ship run by gas motor, and
in its career of piracy in the nineteenth cen
tury it wages war against the telegraph,
steam and the navies of the nations; escap
ing from tight situations by marvelous bursts
of speed. We have gasoline launches in this
country in considerable number, and they are
a very common sight speeding through the
waters of San Francisco Bay. What is being
done so successfully on a small scale can
doubtless be done on a large scale, and before
the next century is very old the trip from
New York to Queenstown may be made in
about half the time now required for the voy
age, all through the agency of the gas engine
and gas motor. The present edition of the
work above mentioned is in the Globe library
series 242. [Chicago: Rand. McNally&Co.,
publishers; paper, price 50 cents.]
Seven Times Around Jericho.
The drink question is one that never downs.
The tariff and financial issues may drown its
voice with oratorical thunder in big campaign
years, but the temperance revivalist will come
up smiling when the election is over, and will
be heard as cleanly as ever when the political
firing has ceased. People who are at a loss for
discourses on the temperance question while
the platforms are occupied by the brilliant
representatives ot contending National parties,
have an opportunity to get the benefit of the
most recent discourses on temperance themes
in "Seven Times Around Jericho," printed in
a dook of 134 pages, and being the most stir
ring public lectures of Rev. Louis Albert
Banks, D.D., pastor of the Hanson Place M. E.
Church, Brooklyn, N. Y. The book is espe
cially commended to pastors of churches, who
will find a wealth of suggestions for temper
ance sermons. Dr. Banks Is also the author
of "The Saloon-keeper's Ledger," a book that
commanded wide attention in religions and
temperance circles. His new work is a worthy
addition to the literature of a good cause.
[New York: Funk & Wagnalls Company, pub
lishers; price, 75 cents.]
Messrs. Stone & Kimball wiU bring out in the
fall the College Year Bcok, giving not only the
names and addresses of all professors and in
structors of American colleges, but the chief
statistics in regard to each and a complete
table of the Greek letter and other societies
as well as collegiate athletics.
MAMMON IS
NOW THE KING
A California Journalist
Discusses Social
Problems
.He Would Limit tfye Jlmount
of Inheritance to Only
$200,000
Ernest McGu I lough's Useful Book
or\ Street LaWs of California.
Robert Barr's Mvjstery
Romance
Although this book assumes the form of a
•connected treatise, dealing with problems of
the day, it is really a collection of complete es
says, considering, from the point of view of an
earnest thinker, a good many of the questions
that are at present engaging public attention.
The writer is George A. Harrison, editor of the
El Dorado County Republican of Placerville,
in this State, and his editorial training is evi
j dent in a certain clearness and facility of
style that leaves the reader in no manner of
doubt as to the author's meaning, whether
convinced by his logic or not.
Mr. Richardson declares in the opening of
his book that "in this, the closing decade of
the nineteenth century, reckoned from the
earth-visit of a forgotten Christ, Mammon is
king of the civilized world." He affirms the
civilized world to be in boudage to this tyrant,
and there are probably few thoughtful persons
who will feel inclined to dispute the assertion.
It is a question, however, whether wholesale
diatribes against existing institutions are pro
ductive of any real good. The American pub
lic has had a deal of scolding of late years at
the pens of writers upon economics, ana the
result has been to awaken a widespread and
deep-reaching discontent that, thus far, does
not seem to have awakened any very intelli
gent effort at bettering things. Trusts, com
petition, the desire for wealth, disregard for
human rights, the tyranny of capital, the op
pression of labor— all these evils come in for
energetic condemnation, but the main theme
upon which the author expends his thought is
the question of the inheritance of wealth.
Mr. Richardson would limit the amount of
money or property whiou a man may inherit
from his ancestors. He contends that inherit
ance, beyond a modest amount, is a funda
mental wrong which should be abolished. He
does not make it quite apparent why, if a man
has a right to bequeath any of his property, he
may not bequeath it all in any chosen direc
tion, but he bases his condemnation ot inher
itance upon two main principles — namely, the
right of every human being to a fair oppor
tunity to labor, ana the wrong involved in all
claims to wealth that are. not based upon
some form of productive effort. The inherit
ance of wealth, he claims, violates both these
principles, as the person who inherits no
wealth does not start upon a level with him
who falls heir to a fortune.
While there is much between the covers ot
j Mr. Richardson's book that will Interest and
I instruct the reader, the book, as a whole, does
not rise far above the diatribe. The author
does little more than thresh over again the
straw of arraignment over which so many
flails have recently been swung. His scheme
to establish equality of opportunity among
men by limiting the amount of wealth inherit
able by a single person to $200,000 and giving
the courts power peremptorily to set aside has
very little to recommend it to students of po
litical economy. He also advocates compul
sory education and restriction of the liquor
traffic, but the chief value of his book to the
| general reader -will lie in the chapters wherein
< he has given a clear and comprehensive expo
• sition of the essential features of the various
movements through which men have, from
time to time, sought to right economic wrongs.
Communism, anarchism, socialism, and all
the theories growing out of these, have evi
dently received his careful attention. The
book is pleasingly written and Mr. Richardson*
has the rare merit ot keeping his subject al
ways in hand.
"From Whose Bourne."
Robert Barr has given the world a novelty
in the way of mystery stories in his new work,
"From Whose Bourne." It Is a romance in
which spirits living in the world beyond the
grave as well as persons in this world are per
plexed in their efforts to unravel the secret of
a death by poisoning, and being well told has
more than ordinary interest for readers who
delight in mysteries.
William Brenton, a citizen of Cincinnati,
feeling himself indisposed after a dinner party
at his house, goes to his room, and after taking
a slight dose of medicine goes to bed. in a
short time he is conscious of what he considers
to be a dream, in which he appears to be stand
i ing in his room and looking down upon bia
dead body on the bed. It develops that this
| consciousness was by no means a dream.
j Brenton was really dead. His sr>irit was taken
i in charge by a denizen of the other world and
i duly instructed in the conditions of life be-
I yond the grave. He was informed that how-
I ever much he might be interested in the per
! sons and business he left behind on earth ha
{ could no longer communicate with the one nor
affect the other.
Devotedly in love with his wife Brenton in
spirit form lingered about the city where he
had lived, and thus learned that he had died
I by poisoning and that his wife was arrested on
i the charge of having murdered him. Then.
j begins the double play to unravel the mystery.
In the land of spirits Brenton meets a spirit
who has formerly been a Chicago newspaper
I man, and the two by thought transference suc
| ceed in interesting a bright reporter in the
' case. Furthermore they obtain the assistance
of the spirit of Vidocq. The reporter on earth
and the detective in ghontland differ in their
judgments as to the guilty party, but agree
that the Cincinnati detectives are wrong in sus
pecting the wife.
To those who are familiar with mystery
stories it goes without saying that all the
guesses are wrong, and while the solution is a
j little bit improbable, it Is not enough so to
] mar the effect of the tale. The story is short
j and can be read easily on a summer holiday..
I [New York and London: Frederick A. Stokes
j Company.]
The Vrooman Act.
The consulting engineer of the Merchants'
Association of San Francisco, Ernest McCul
lough, has written a book entitled "The Vroo
man Act," giving the forms and proceedings
under the street laws of California. The au
thor has been a practicing engineer in this
City for nine years, and for the past three
years has been Street Superintendent and
Town Engineer of Sausalito. The volume is
the result of his experience and study of the
workings of the Vrooman act, under which all
street and sewer work is done -n California
municipalities. Directions are furnished as to
the proper proceedings to Improve streets and
as to the proper recording, posting, advertis
ing, etc Forms are given which have stood
the test of the Supreme Court and sample pages
of books of record are shown. A digest of Su
preme Court decisions is given at the end of
each chapter on the subject of which each chap
ter treats. The digest enables attorneys to
quickly look up references. The book will be
of service to all parties who have to deal in
any manner with the improvement of streets
aud laying of sewers in the streets of the towns
and cities of California. "The street law of
this State," as the publishers observe, "is not
the plainest thing in the world, and the prac
tice given in the work is that followed by the
oldest cities in the State and in accordance
with Supreme Court decisions." [San Fran
cisco: Edward Denny & Co., publishers. la
cloth binding, $2; sheep (law) binding, $3.1
2324
Gamp Life ir\ the
California Sierras
CISCO, Cai~, July 13, 1896.-We Califor
nians have not yet learned to take outings ]
as a matter of course, every summer. Our <
bountiful climate, which permits of twelve t
months of work without a serious protest 1
from abused nature, is to blame in part; <
the rest of the trouble comes from the im- \
mense ignorance of thousands of people i
respecting the ease, comfort and profit of i
outdoor life in California. I
This brief article is not addressed to the
comparatively few who go yearly to the I
admirably kept summer resorts of the :
mountain regions of tbe State; it is a
plain, straightforward statement for the
benefit of those who do not visit the
mountains because they know nothing of
the benefits thereto attached, or because
they think it must nece-sarily cost a great
deal of money. There is yet time this
season for a Sierra trip, and thousands of j
valley-dwellers should turn their faces to
the snow peaks between now and the end
of September.
Some people camp in dirt and discom
fort, have poor food and worse cooking,
drag themselves from place to place and
vote camp-life a failure. There was such
a party up here two years ago. They
nearly ruined a lovely camping-place by
the South Yuba in a grove of tall pines, j
firs and tamaracks, cutting down young !
trees and chopping into tbe larger ones j
like tbe vandals and barbarians that they
were.
On the other hand the arts of comfort
able camp-life are not difficult to acquire.
It is not necessary to take along servants
p.nd a cook. The actual work of a camp,
if well and properly distributed, will re
quire very little time, especially in the |
Sierras. Hundreds and thousands of :
hard-working families living in the Sacra- .
mento and San Joaquin valleys would be j
better off in pocket and in health if they j
spent a month up here five or six thou- |
sand ieet above the sea among the snow ;
peaks, the lakes and the rushing rivers.
Equally large numbers of the city
dwellers, though more distant from the j
camping ground, could reap as great re- i
suits at little more expense. Summer
camps should become as prominent a
feature of California life as our flower
shows and carnivals. There is room along
these wild Sierra streams fora thousand
times as many camps as one finds at the
present time. Oar middle-class people are
working too hard and have not learned
that the vacation is cheap and easy as
weli as delightful.
A WILD VIEW OF THE YUBA NEAR CISCO.
Sar\ Diego's Qreat
Irrigation. Scheme
San Diego is building one of the largest |
irrigation systems in the United States. !
It is by far the lareest in California. The
heart of the Southern California citrus
country— Riverside, San Bernardino and |
ReOlnnds— has 35,000 acres of trees. Pan '■
Dingo's new irrication system will cov^r
100,000 acres. This is in addition to i
a complete water supp'y for the city of ;
S<in Diego.
The city of San Diego possesses about a I
third the wealth of the entire county. On
account of the lack of water and the neces
sity of building gigantic works to eret it j
no system of irrigation couid be put in for j
the benefit of the fruit lands without the
co-operation of tbe city. Capitalists could j
not be found who would invest millions in :
an enterprise dependent upon the settling
of the country to such an extent that in
terest would bn returned upon the invest
ment. They knew that years would be
required to do this and they hesitated.
To secure the building of the great sys
tem now under way it was necessary to j
acquire a new city system. Many Ameri- |
can cities have been through the fight and
know what it means. The company con
trolling: the city's water supply — the San I
Diego Water Company, allied with the i
Ban Diego Flume Company — is a power- j
fnl concern, owned by British capital. It ;
realized that the city's efforts to secure a
new system, if successful, meaut a death
blow to its business, and it expended
money accordinely in the endeavor to de
feat the city's purpose.
After a contest of four years' standing,
in which every possible expedient was re
sorted tom tbe effort to thwart the city, the
crisis came on June 27 last, when tbe
voters were called upon to decide whether
tfiry would vote bonds in tbe sum of
(1,500,000 for a new system. The result,
■was a safe majority over the necessary
two-thirds vote, in favor of the new sys
tem. Work on the new system began im
mediately, and is now being pushed as
rapidly as possible.
The projector of the new system is E. S.
Babcock, builder of Hotel del Coronado.
He is associated with John D. Spreckels in
the Spreckels Bros. Commercial Company
of this city, and with A. B. Spreckels in
the Sau Diego Electric Railway. These
corporations have the largest payrolls in
San Diego. Granting that Mr. Babcock
was wonting with a selfish motive, the
beneficial results to San Diego are as great
as if he had been working solely -for its in
terests. The system be is putting in will
be owned absolutely by the city, and will
Sacramento City sends yearly to this
place one or two families— no more— who
drive over excellent roads in three days to
the most picturesque of camping sites,
beside the rivers. Any farmer or mer
chant of the Sacramento or San Joaquin
valleys could take his family in a wagon
and work buck to thene wild places to spend
a month there. Tbe cost need not be
greater than the cost of living at home.
It is more difficult to reach the Sierras
from the bay counties, because tbe whole
interior valley must be crossed, but people
who have done it year after year tind the
whole journey a pleasant one.
"We started from Oakland," said one of
these campers to me, "and we shipped our
horse and waeon to Stockton by boat,
going up ourselves by rail. We left Stock
ton early, by 6 a. m., and drove four hours.
Then we rested in the shade, had lunch,
and did not start again till 4 o'clock in the
afternoon. Three hours' driving left us
time to pitch our camp before dark. Our
entire trip, even across tbe San Joaquin,
was a pleasure."
But even if railroad fare must be paid,
people who know how to camp can pitch j
their tents among these granite crags and
great coniferous forests, without incurring
any prohibitory expense. Baggage can be
reduced to 100 pounds per individual;
groceries can be shipped by freight; fresh
lruit can be had at the railroad station. If
the party includes any disciples of Izaak
Walton your breakfast can include trout
nearly every morning of the vacation. I
doubt if there is a schoolteacher in Cali
fornia who could not manage to take a
share in snch a camping company. Our
party of three has camped in the Sierras
for three successive years, making stays of
from three to four weeks each July.
Our total expenses, outside of railroad
fare, have averaged less than $15 apiece
and we have lived well and comfortably.
One year we kept expenses down to less
I than $10 per capita. If one lives on a
farm, and can start wit!) a supply of beans,
1 dried fruit and other ranch products, I
| have no doubt that a party of three per
sons can make a three weeks' camp at a
total cost (outside of railroad fare) of not
i more than $25. Such a camp includes no
j luxuries; but the bacon, coffee, tea and
i all other articles of food are the best to be
: bought, are in sufficient variety and
j enough in quantity to quell the most
strenuous camp appetite.
While the natural camping field of the
upper Sacramento is the Shasta region.
supply 1000 miners' inches, or 13,000,000
gallons daily.
The source of the city's supply is the
Morena reservoir, fifty miles back in the
mountains. This reservoir will be owned
by the city, as well as the conduit to tbe
city. Morena reservoir, however, is cspa
able of impounding three times as much as
tbe city has purchased, and in the con
tract between Mr. Babcock's company and
the city it is specified that the company
may go ahead and build the dam to a
height sufficient to impound all the water
the reservoir will bold, using the surplus
for the irrigation of the iruit lands adjoin
ing the city.
The great irrigation system owned by
Mr. Babcock's company, the Southern
California Mountain Water Company, was
early recognized as immensely valuable.
Several corporations were formed for tbe
construction of the works, but no capital
could be secured, or the projectors did not
have the courage to carry the enterprise
throuch. Mr. Babcock, looking into the
matter, perceived its possibilities for
wealth and development and secured all
but a nominal share of the stock. He then
j set to work to secure a contract with the
i city for a city water supply and distrib
uting system. A man of less than iron
! will would have been discouraged by the
repeated reverses and the failure of the
i people to unite for their own good. But
| by continual hammering the people were
convinced of the feasibility and potential
ity of the project, and they are now prac
tically united and enthusiastic at the
prospect.
The system now building, inside and
outside of the city, will call for an ex
! penditure of $3,000,000. Three dams will
! be constructed — one at Morena, another at
\ Barrett's, and the third at Lower Otay.
I The latter is practically completed. The
total drainage area of the system is 375
square miles, divided as follows: Lower
Otay 119 miles, Barrett's 121 miles, aud
Morena 135 miles. Lower Otay reservoir
will impound 13,766,328,500 gallons; Bar
rett's reservoir will impound 15,630,000,000
gallons; Morena will impound 15,227,000,
--000. These figures of course are quite be
yond the grasp of the mind. Reduced to
miner's inches the three reservoirs will
impound 9441 inches. Yet in all tnree
only 8305 acres will be flooded, showing
that the water will be in deep bodies.
While there has been some work done at
Barrett's and Morena, both In the way of
surveys and cleaning away preparatory to
dam building, the balk of tbe work has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, l»y«.
and that of the upper San Joaquin is in
the Kern and Tulare Sierras, the people
of the central portions of the State can do
no better than to camp somewhere in the
territory between Towles and Trackee, j
along the line of the Central Pacific.
Cisco, the Summit. Tahoe, Dormer, a mul
titude of Sierra lakes and trout-rivers, are
accessible from one or another inexpensive
camping grounds in this vast region.
1 have put the comfortable economy j
line for a party of three, buying all their j
supplies, at $45 (at present cost of gro- \
eerie*): railroad fare for three persons from i
San Francisco to Cisco and return is $38 40,
which makes the total cost of tbe camp
$83 40, or $2780 per capita. Raise this sum
to $30 apiece and the party can easily
lengthen their stay another week. Per
sons driving to the mountains with their !
own teams bringing barley and hobbling
their horses in these Alpine valleys, rich
with grass and living on plainer fare —
more beans and bacon, less canned goods
can have their month or more in the
Sierras for lese than it costs to stay at
home.
Where we are campine this year the
conditions are typical of a good Sierra
camping-ground. We are in a grove of
about fifty large pines and firs, inter
mingled with lesser trees, scattered over a
small valley, walled ■_
in by great granite
pinnacles. Firewood t H
in abundance, ready- j^^^^^^^^^^H
broken for use and
piles of logs for the H
nightly campflre, are
within a stone's H
throw.
The deep clear I
river is fifty feet from I
our tents. ." From I
smooth rocks one H
can dip buckets lull H
of water. Through I
the camping ground I
by the edge of a I
thicket of young I
pines extends a hoi- I
low, wherein are ice- I
cold springs ana here I
in sunken boxes the I
camp keeps its milk, I
butter, fresh meat, I
etc. The rest of the I
camping ground is a3 I
''dry as a bone" un- I
derfoot, covered with I
needles of pine and. I
| fir,> and; preen . with I
| blossoming plants in I
j the open spaces. We I
nave a rope across I
i one of the calm I
reaches of the river I
and cross it with a I
raft so as to climb I
the mountain sides I
beyond. On each I
side of the river, I
within easy walking I
distance, are more I
beautiful lakes, can- I
yons and waterfalls. I
Charles H. Shinn.
ROLLING STOCK OF THE SHORTEST "TRUNK" LINE IN CALIFORNIA.
been done at Lower
Otay dam. Uhe
method of construc
tion is quite well
Fhown in the accom
panying cut. The
material is handled
by a Ledgerwood
cable with aerial
dumps. It in a mar
vel of mechanical
skill, handling vast
bodies of rock and
dumping it where
wanted with auto
matic accuracy. An
80 - horsepower en
gine drives the trol
ley along at tne rate
of 800 feet per minute,
Handling 600 tons of
rock per day with a
small force of men.
Another cable, like
the one shown, is
now being put in
place so as to hurry
■ the completion of the
| dam. Then both
| cables will be re
moved to Morena
and by next summer
that great work will
be near completion.
All the dams of
the Southern Cali
fornia Mountain
Water Company will
be of the rock-filled
pattern approved in
mining countries.
After thorough in
vestigation it was de
i cided to use this
! style of dam in
1 preference to the
! solid masonry struc
tures, on account of
i the disaster that
j might be wrought by
■ earthquakes. With a
rocfc-fiiled dam the
quaking of the earth *"
would simply settle the dam more firmly
into the gorge.
Lower Otay dam will be 400 feet thick at
the base. A description of it will serve |
for all three. It has a boiler-steel core in
tbe center, riveted and calked to with
stand a pressure of 200 pounds to the
square inch. The pressure of the water
will be 56 pounds, so that a liberal factor
of safety is allowed. Tbe core is treated
to a coat of aspbaltum applied at a tem
perature of 300 degrees, then with a cover
of burlap, which in turn i* covered with a '
coat of boiling aspbaltum. The core ab
solutely prevents any leakage through the
dam and is intended for nothing else. No
strain will rest upon it, as it will be
backed by immense rock laid in place, and
before it will lie a tremendous body of
smaller rock, faced to receive the first
pressure of the water. The steel core is
anchored to the sides by bolts in solid
rock, with leaded ends in masonry 25 feet
wide and 35 feet thick.
Lower Otay reservoir will receive its
JKe Oldest House
or\ Jackass Hill
There \is a house . standing to-day on
Jackass Hill, Tuolumne County, that is
j one of the oldest landmarks in the State.
j It was built in the spring of 1850, and the
j lumber with which '' it is put up came
around the Horn. John Walters originally,
! owned this relic of early times, and from
him it passed to Bill Carrington, the well
known : pocket-miner. In its time it has
•served as postofflce, town hall and general
rendezvous of the miners of the surround
ing country. In late years when ; the
population of Jackass Hill began to de
j crease, and the -, mmmg '; industry fell off,
the bouse was turned from a store into a
dwelling-house, and as such it is at times
used to-day, as ; the present owner, James
N. Gillis, allows anybody who wishes to
atop in it. Its dilapidated . appearance is
occasioned by the fact, that Mr. Gillis
wants to let it stand as long as it will in
its original state as a memento of early
days.' "■
This ramshackle, tumbledown relic has
quite a history. Years ago when it was
BUILDING THE LOWER OTAY DAIW.
MOUTH OF CAVE AT THE SITE OF MORENA DAM.
ONE OF THE OLDEST LANDMARKS IN THE STATE.
supply from Otay Creek, Jamul Creek and
other streams, and from the overflow of
the dams higher up in the mountains.
! Otay is only fifteen miles from the city
and 400 feet above sea-level, while Bar
rett's is forty-two miles east and 1600 feet
above sea-level. Morena is eight miles
further east and 3100 feet altitude. The
great fall between Morena and Barrett's
gives a large horsepower, which will be
utilized by the city in developing olectric
power. Enough will be furnished there
and at places nearer the city for running
every wheel in the county, with enough
to spare for lights and prospective fac
tories.
Barrett's dam is in a rough and precipi
tous country, almost entirely denuded of
soil. In winter great torrents rush down
through the gorge at the dam site, carry
ing vast quantities of valuable water to
waste in the ocean. The dam site is the
pecond best in the county, that at Morena
being unexcelled in the State. Barrett's
dam site is situated about 3000 feet below
better taken care of than at present it
was here that Mark Twain, Bret Harte
and Frentiss Mulford lived during their
stay in Tuolumne County.
Twain at that time was unknown to
fame a3 a writer and lived here while he
essayed to make a stake at mining. It
was shortly before he left 1 this place that
he began to write and attract attention as
a humorist. Two-thirds of the stories
which go to make up his book called
"Roughing It," which treats mostly of
life in California raining camps, were
founded on incidents which occurred on
this hill and were written while he was
staying in this Louse. The principal
characters, too, in that book were taken
from life, and many of them live here to
day. He made but slight changes in their
names.
As a ghost story factory the old house
has no equal. A tenderfoot after listening
to one or two of the hair-raising yarns that
are located here would not sleep a night
in the house for anything. Spooks of de
parted miners come in regularly every
night and go through the work of weigh
ing their gold dust on a pair of scales that
has stood in the same place on the same
table for forty-six years. The old resi
dents pay no attention to little things like
this, however. These scales have
quite a history in
I themselves. They
I were the first jroid
I scales brou; ht to that
I part of California in
I early days. Three
I prospectors going
H through the country
I in 1849 had a burro
I train, and among
I their effects brought I
I this pair of scales.
In a gulch back
I of Tuttletown they
I found so much gold
I that they were able
I to load their entire
I train of donkeys with
I the precious metal,
I and it was this that
I dubbed the place
I Jackass Hill. The
I scales passed from
I their hands to those
I of one Walters, who
I set them up in his
I house. Jackass Hill
I and the entire sur-
I rounding country
I proved to be very
and the mines
Ifor miles around —
Mfrom near Coulter-
Hvilie to Angels Camp
I — weighed their dust
lon the scales. It
Iwoula be a hard mat-
Htcr to make a guess
l at the number of mil-
I lions that have been
Hweijxhed on the
I scales. They are in
I as good order to-day
| as when first put up.
J. McDaid.
the junction of Pine
and Cottonwood
creeks, the head
waters of the Tia
Juana River, one of
the largest streams
in the county. The
hills on either side
of the dam site are
simply masses of
granite. The canyon
is narrow, with good
abutments for build
ing a dam that would
be immovable.
Considerable time
and money was spent
at Barrett's locating
bedrock and build
ine the preliminary
structure, as shown
in the cut. Bedrock
was found at a depth j
of 35 feet, and the
dam has been built
above the surface 23 I
feet, or 52 from bed- i
rock. The outlet of
this dam will be 50
feel above the datum
plane of the reser
voir, leaving the
space below the level
of tne outlet for a
settling basin. The
reservoir is an ideal
one, being surround- i
ed by high moun- !
tains forming a nar- !
row, deep canyon, j
This places an im- !
mense bodj- of water
in small compass, In
suring parity and
greater immunity
from loss by evapora
tion.
The wildest, most
inaccessible portion
of San Diego County
ia between Barrett's
and Morena. A was-
on road would have
to be hewed from solid rock. The country
becomes grander and more broken as Mo- j
rena is approached. The gigantic moan- j
tains rearing above Morena dam site are
gaunt and steep, shining white and gray
in the fervent sun, that begins to show
signs of the approach toward the desert.
The Laguna Mountains, skirting the des
ert, are just to the east of Morena, and
furnish a large part of the water supply
that courses past the dam site both winter
and summer. It is the backbone of tbe
country. Over the Lagunas the summer
thunderstorms and winter rains break as
the ocean currents meet and wrestle with
the dry air of the desert.
In tbe center of this mass of granite,
with huge boulders lying thrown about as
if among the ruins of some American Kar
nak, Morena dam site is found. It is a
narrow gorge between the shoulders of
precipices 3000 feet in height. The dis
tance across at the 150-foot contour, the
proposed height of the dam, is only 439
feet.
Tke Oddest «Jr\mk"
Lir\e ir\ Galiforrxia
How many citizens of California have
heard of the Highlands Railroad at San
Bernardino, which is a competitor for the
distinction of being the "nhortest line be
tween California and Chicago"? In its
legal transactions it hides under the far
reaching name of San Bernardino, Arrow
head and Waterman Railway Company,
but is better known to the inhabitants of
the alfalfa belt as the "Bprings road." In
many respects it is an interesting and
unique railroad corporation. It bas no
bonded or floating debt, bas never been a
member of a traffic association and as yet
has had no quarrel with the State Railroad
Commission. A legal department bas not
been created, the road having failed so far
to kill a single cow, though several anti
monopoly members of the horned tribe
have challenged it to combat, thereby ex
tending invitations to their friends and
acquaintances to be present at their
funerals on -the succeeding days; for,
though the motive power of the road is
small, it possesses a due idea of its own
dignity and claims right of track against
the world.
That the road has no enemies may be
inferred from the fact that as yet no one
has ever referred to it as the "octopus,"
and there seems little prospect of its
keeping in iashion by securing a receiver.
In a few respects this model road re
sembles the trunk lines. It is said that
some of its employes can swear with the
ease and rapidity of old and experienced
railroaders, and it is also alleged that the
section boss is an Irishman. It is operated
under standard rules, but as there is at
present only one train and one crew on
the road the management has wisely con
cluded that a telegraph line and train
orders are not necessary to its operation.
When the stranger first views the unique
rolling-stock that comprises the train he
is usually struck with astonishment, and,
if of the equine race, with fear. The High
lands road lays claim, and probably justly,
to having run the first vestibuled train in
California, for the newly painted and at
tractive coach that forms its weekday
j equipment is a combination of two first
| class streetcars on a narrow-gauge passen
| ger truck. The engino is a miniature
I model of the smoke-breathing monsters
! that climb around Cape Horn; but it can
i whistle just as loud as its larcer relatives,
and, indeed, makes ud in noise what it
lacks in size. That it has all the latest
| improvements is sufficiently attested by
the fact that it is an oil burner.
PICTURESQUE TROUT BROOK NEAR CISCO.
Morerxa Dan\ as
Solid as tke J4ills
Just where Morena dam will be built, j
and where camps of men are now at work ;
clearing the ground and building roads, a j
mass of boulders as laige a? an ordinary j
business Mock is lodced. The strenm flows I
toward these over a bed of white 6and, and
suddenly with a roar dives apparently into |
the earth. Near the orifice filled by de- j
scending waters is an opening under the ,
boulders, large enough to drive a coach
and four. Chief Engineer Lew B. Harris j
and President Babcock had some curiosity :
to see where the hole ended, and they en- j
tered. After going down until utter dark
ness prevailed, and hearing the roar of
water below them, they returned, not |
knowing where the cave led. Securing |
candles and ropes, they made a thorough
exploration of the cave. It was found to
be sixty feet deep, formed of tho gigantic
boulders lodging in the narrow bed of the I
canyon. Tbe winter torrents, finding the
boulders immovable, had washed out un- ;
der them, scouring away the deposits of !
sand and drift until bedrock was exposed, j
The explorers found bedrock lying clean !
and wet, washed by the stream, and kept <.
from being covered by sand on account of j
the peculiar lodcment of the boulders.
To an engineer the great advantage of i
this cave is instantly Been. At Barrett's j
$35,000 was spent in seaching for bedrock.
At every dam more or less money is spent
in this manner, and no engineer, be he
! ever so experienced, can predict with cer- j
I tainty what lies under the surface. In this
i case bedrock was found by nature, and has
| been kept ready for immediate work. The
I engineers plan to rnn powder mines and
blow the whole maBS of bowlders into
smithereens, settling the rock into tbe dam
site and filling the interstices with con
crete. Plenty of rock for the structure lies
on the hillsides almost overhanging, so
that tbe cost of building a dam will be
comparatively light. This dam will not
nave a steel core, bat will have a steel fac
ine on the upper or waterside, with a mass
of rock 600 feet at the base, to hold the
water back. It will be as solid as the ad
joining hills.
The source of supply for Morena reser
voir is Cottonwood Creek, fed by the
Metaguaguat, Laguna and other creeks.
All summer long tbe Cottonwood flows a
large, ice-cold stream past the dam site.
Tbe snows upon the Lagunas and the
high range between Morena and Barrett's
add their quota to the catchment. Tbe
quality of tbe water is as pure as can be
obtained from nature, and through its
continual fall from Morena to the city,
When the unique train is all ready to
start the conductor shouts, "All aboard!"
and, with a shriek and a roar, it starts on
its eight miles' trip. It curves around the
outskirts of the older parts of the city
where the Mormons settled for a long rest
forty years ago after their journey from
Zfon. Then it darts off acroßS the low
lands, where the cattle are literally in
clover, standing knee-deep in the succu
lent alfalfa, and watching with indifferent
interest as the queer train goes whizzing
by. Now it passes beneatU the sheltering
shade ot a long row of cottonwooda, land
marks of the early settlers, and now it
skirts orchards of apricots and peaches
and here and there a vineyard. The road
is run to accommodate its patrons, and a
temporary station is created at the wish of
the passenger. A man appears and waves
his hand; we slacken up and take him
aboard. He ia "goin* to the springs."
Soon we come in sight of Harlem Springs,
as yet unknown except to the health
seeker who has found and tested every
hot-water spring in tbe State of Cali
fornia.
The conductor is an ingenious as well as
handsome young man. He is also general
manager of tbe road and one of the prin
cipal stockholders, which adds to the
dignity that seems a natural attribute of
conductors. As a general manager he is,
of course, anxious to make a good show
ing, and he therefore brings to his aid in
the operation of the line a bicycle. .Per
haps on some trips he has no passengers
for a point beyond the springs. If such is
tne case the engine goes to sleep ai the
springs while he on his bicycle completes
the trip on its schedule. At the departing
time at Highlands he loosens the brake on.
an extra car and with gravity as a motive
power begins his descent. With the aid of
the useful brake he stops for passengers
and arrives at the springs on schedule
time-, where the refreshed and waiting
engine joins the car and the reunited
train proceeds on its journey.
The Southern Pacific has recoenized the
importance of this little road by placing
tickets on sale to itd principal stations in
Southern California cities, and it promises
to become an important factor in the
development of the San Bernardino
Valley. At present it has eight miles of
track, three coaches, one freightcar, four
sidings, one board of directors, one
engine, one superintendent, one depot
building and one idea— to get business and
keep it. Paul Shocf.
i part of the time in natural watercourses
! and part in cement-lined ditches, it will
: be thoroughly aerated and purified.
The city of San Diego pays $727,579 for
i the Morena dam, the conduit to the city,
and 1000 inches of water, perpetual flow.
I For the distributing system in the city
i it pays $767,421, tbe two sums making the
I total of $1,500,000, less $5000 paid for rights
! of way. The payments for the distributing
i system are made occasionally as work
i progresses, in stipulated amounts, but
j outside of the city the company must
build, test, and turn over the system com
plete, and with the approval of the City
Engineer, before a cent is paid by the city.
In addition to this, the company must
first have stored at Morena a year's supply
of 1000 inches per day before the deal is
closed.
The distributing system Inside the city
is to be of the best castiron and three
reservoirs will regulate the pressure and
supply two or three days' demands in case
of emergency. The water enters the city
pipes at an elevation of 600 feet, thus giv
ing strong pressure and being sufficiently
high to cover the tillable land within the
city limits. In this connection it should
be stated that the city itself owns from
5000 to 7000 acres of public lands, which
with water wouirt produce as fine lemons
as are grown in the world. The possibili
ties in this branch of the subject have
been held secondary to the main issue of
getting water for the back country, but
many citizens believe the city will make
enoughJTrom its lands to pay for the whole
system, with irrigation rates half the sum
now charged, leaving nothing to be raised
by taxation, and giving the dwellers in the
city water for domestic purposes at a much
lower rate than at present. The matter of
electric power, also, has been secondary in
the discussion of tbe subject, but it will
prove of great profit to San Diego and
thus reduce the outlay for the new works.
That the Southern California Mountain
| Water Company is amply abie to carry
I out its colossal enterprise ia conceded by
all who are aware that both John D.
Spreckels and A. B. Spreckels have be
\ come heavily interested in the enterprise,
I and that the former gentleman has prom
ised to finance the city's bonds. A friendly
suit to test the validity of the bonds is
now in the court?, and though the old mo
nopoly is attempting to obstruct work by
litigation there is every reason to believe
the bonds will be issued without a flaw.
In the meantime work on the new system
is going on with great energy.A MAN WHO
SPURNS MONEY
He Is Neither Jramp
J<or Hobo.
Joe Steele Says Jhat the Qifts
of J^ature /^re Enough
for J-iis Needs.
Joe 6teele is a living exemplification of
the theory that a man can live without
tnoney and not be a tramp. There is no
disputing it, for be has done so. It hardly
ieems credible, and yet Joe says positively
hat he bas not handled a single dollar in
the last fifteen years, and at the same time
be has had all he wanted to eat and a good
romfortabie pace to sleep, as well as all
necessary clothes.
How has he done it? why? and where?
ire questions one would naturally ask.
And it might be answered that Joe did
it simply by taking advantage of the gifts
of nature. Tbe reason be did it was be
:ause ha was too old to work. The place,
or rather places, was along the banks of
the San Joaqnin River.
Of course Joe hasn't had all of the ad
vantages of civilization, but at the same
time he has been free from tbe worries in
cidental to living in civilized communities.
He has lived as free as the air, slept peace
fully every night, and now at 80 years of
age feels like a boy.
According to his own story there was a
time when Joe Steele was a well-known
man in California. He toot his place in
the mad race for gold and at times was in
the lead. He dressed in the finest clothes
and frequented the most expensive hotels,
saloons and restaurants. But his time
came as well as many others, and when he
was only a little over 60 years of age he
was a penniless old man walking up and
down Montgomery street in the hope that
some friend would ask him to dine.
Just exactly how the change came is
something Joe has aimost forgotten, but
he does Know that some friend gave him
a job to take care of a small bunting ark.
On tbe friend's death nobody came to
claim the ark, and Joe has simply re
tained possession of it ever since. Joe
traveled up and down tbe rivers for seve
ral years, hunting and fishing until the
ark became leaky and he nad to tie it up.
Ir. time the house on it fell down, and he
replaced it with one of tule. His present
anchorage is a few miles above Antiocb,
and he is one of the happiest men in all
California. Joe says if be had to live his
life over be would live it all as he is living
now, but in a locality where nature is
more bountiful than in the San Joaquin
marsh. As it is he never wants. There
are plenty of fish and frogs in the river,
and tons of vegetables float down its sur
face that have only to be picked up. Some
of these he trades for meal and flour;
some he trades lor old clothes.
OUTSIDE THE BEATEN PATH
AS THEY DID
OH THE NILE
/\r\cier\t Irrigating Pi ar\
at sarger\ts.
For SeVeral Reasons It Is Best
and Most Practical for
the Conditions
This is an age of improvement, and yet
on a ranch near Sargents station in Santa
Cruz County there is one of the most
primitive methods of irrigation in use. In
| fact it is the same as was employed by
the Egyptians 6000 years ago. The rea
son why this system is used is not because
it is cheap, but because it is the best for
tbe conditions. Of course the same thing
could be accomplished by the use of ex- :
pensive machinery, but the work would be
done no better.
The conditions that called for tbe system
in question were a small area of laud that
i lay several feet above the river bed and in
| such a position as not to be reached by the
! system of ditches with which the ranch is
I covered. To carry tbe water from tbe
river in buckets was of course out of tbe
question. It was also out of the question
to put in a pump that could be operated
| by a man that would do any amount of
i work. The only solution of the problem
I was the present one.
The system employed might be called a
! "sweep" system, for it is a series of
I sweeps like those used in old-fashioned
wells that are used. If the ground to be
watered was not so high above the river
i tne water might be raised in one of the
I buckets and poured on the land above.
• But as it happens the land is too high, and
j to overcome the fact two sets of sweeps are
| used. The sweeps are of the crudest de-
I scription, being only the forked branches
. of trees stuck into the ground with the
j fork up. In this is suspended along stick
jso arranged that it will swing freely. On
i one end is a large lump of mud that is cal
j culated to balance the bucket full of water.
I The bucket is hung to the other end.
Midway between the water of the river
| and the land to be irrigated is a pool cap
: able of holding many buckets of water.
Two sets of men are required to operate
the affair rapidly. The men on the lower
level raise the water from the river and
pour it into the pool a few feet above
I them. Theset of men on the upper level
in turn take tbe water from the pool and
pour it into the canal at the too wh«?re it
runs to all parts of the ground where it is
; required. The limits of this irrigating
plant are of coarse only dependent on the
number of men at work and the number
of sweeps to handle. If necessary, water
can by this system be raised several hun
dred feet and in Egypt it is done frequently.
The only question is to have enough pools
and sweeps and enough men to operate
them.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
LIVES IN AN
OLD FURNACE
Ar\d Yet p^dro Qarcia
Is Happy
Thinks Himself Better Off Than
Many a Ric K er Man in
California
Of all tbe queer habitations in California
that of Pedro Garcia is tbe queerest. In
fact, it is nothing more nor less tban an
old abandoned furnace, and yet Pedro is
i happy there and does not wish for a dif
| ferent abiding place. He even says he
1 would not live elsewhere if he had to
give up any of his liberty.
Pedro Garcia's borne is on the seashore
not far from Pigeon Point, and according
to his own story be bas lived there many
| years. The furnace was originally put up
i by tbe whalers, who used to take their
, cargoes in there for tbe purpose of refining
! them. Many are the thousands of barrels
! of oil that have been boiled in the old tank
j in years gone by.
With the decline of the whaling busi
ness the furnace and a good many other
things were abandoned and allowed to go
to ruin. About the time they had reached
a state of wortbiessness Pedro came along.
H e was in the last stages of despair, as the
wheat business was about played out and
j he had had no work for weeks and had
j been sleeping on the ground, with only
I the sky for a roof. A kind Switzer who
I bas a small farm near by gave him a meal
| and he wandered down by the seashore.
I Here he discovered tbe old furnace and as
i it looked warm and comfortable on the
I inside he crawled in and soon fell into the
; most refreshing slumber he had enjoyed
j in weeks.
The exact location of Pedro's habitation
| is in a sort of a guliy, about twenty feet
j back from the water's edge and twenty
feet above it. It is protected from the
| cold west wind in such a position that it
| gets the fuil warmth of the sun. The in
side of the furnace is about 6xlo feet and
about five feet deep. Tne grate-bars have
been removed and the opening to the ash
pit has been bdarded up, so that it really
makes n good-sized room, although Pedro
is not the least bit graceful when he
crawls in or out of his front door.
As soon as he decided to stay there
Pedro built himself a fireplace on the hill-
I side and collected a few tin cans along the
I shore that he used for cooking utensils.
Some of the neighbors gava him some old
rags that answered for blankets, and by
doing a little work and fishing all the
time he managed to be comfortable.
"It isn't the kind of a place an old sol
dier ought to end his days in," he says,
"but I have knocked about so much and
been without food and shelter so long that
I feel Providence bas been good to me in
guiding me to this place."
3y SJoarks-
STRANGE LIFE
FOR A WOMAN
Does JMore Work Jkarx
Some JMer\
In Jen years She Has SaVed
J^lonevj and Sent j-ler Son
to France
Fisherwomen are plentiful enough in
many of the European countries, but in
tbe western hemisphere they are certainly
very scarce. There are said to be several
of them at tbe fishing village near Moro
Rock, but even they only do a certain part
of the work. On the bay snore near Brooks
Island is perhaps the only real nsher
womaa in the State, fur she does all the
work from catching tbe fish to selling
them to the people who eat them.
Mm-. Gerken is the name of the woman
and she leada almost a hermit's life. In
! reality it is a hermit's life except when
! she eoes on her semi-weekly trips to dis
• pose of her stock. Her home and place of
j business is not a very inviting place, but
i it is certainly more so than the homes of
i the men engaged in the same business
I who live in the vicinity.
It is many years since Mme. Gerken took
! up the fishing business and she is well
j pleased with her success. She was born
in France and after being married came to
'' this country with her husband to better
! their condition. But it was not long be
'■ fore she was a widow with an infant son to
! support. She worked at many things in
i San Francisco, bu£ none of them pointed
| the road to even comparative independ
ence. By chance when her son was 10
; years old she met the wife of a fisherman,
: who told her many things and pointed the
I way to a new business.
But great as Mme. Gerken's success bas
been there are few women who would like
to follow her example. She bnilt her own
home on the bay shore on land for which
she pays ?1 a mouth rental and went into
the work the same as if she were a man.
It did not take her long to learn to han
dle a boat and manage the nets, and of
course her boy was of some help to her.
Mme. Qerken was certainly not afraid of
water, for she would go out in the worst
kind of weather and pull her boat through
the waves with the greatest ease. For
some reason she always made good hauls.
As well as fishing in the deep water of
the bay Mme. Gerken fished in the pools
along shore for shrimps and lobsters, and
also dug clams. AH the fish she caught
she put into tanks so that they would
keep alive until she took them to market.
Twice a week she rented a horse and
wagon from a Chinaman and went to the
different ranches on San Pablo Point and
disposed of bei stock at good prices.
It is over ten years since Mme. Gerken
went into the fishing business, and, as a
result, she nss sent her son to France,
where be is in the army.
LIKE A STREET
IN ALGIERS
J~he Classic Lirxes of
arv Old J\rch
A Quaint and picturesque Bit of
Architecture in the Heart
of San Francisco
It frequently happens that men do good
.things without knowing it, and also that
people will pass these same things and not
see tbe beauties in them. There are num
erous instances of this kind in San Fran
j cisco, but one of tbe most pronounced is
< : that of an arch that crosses an alleyway
: that runs through from Bush to Pine
■ streets, between Kearney and Montgom
ery.
It Is many years since this arch was
I built and tbe name of tbe architect has
i been forgotten, but he certainly "bnilded
| better than he knew." Tbe location of
the arch makes it a little difficult to see,
j but that only adds to its artistic effect.
I All of the surroundings are also just right
i to produce the appearance of an old street
I in Algiere. In fact there are a number of
streets in Algiers that are really not half
so picturesque, and yet dozens of artists
1 paint pictures of them every year — and
! sell them, too.
Seen at any time of tne day the beauti
i fu! proportions of this arch in comparison
| with the surrounding walls are apparent,
! but it is only in the glare of the noontide
sun that the Algerian effect is visible. Not
only is tbe shape of the arch responsible
for this, but the surroundings are also in
cidental to it. Add to this the fact that
the walls are all whitewashed in true an
cient style and as dirty as any Oriental
could desire, and there is nothing wanting.
The best place to see this arch is to look
I at it from Bush street and at any hour be
i tween 11 and 2 o'clock during the day.
The enstern wall will then be in shadow,
as will be also the whole inside of tbe
ercb. The Bunlight will fail on the south
ern portion of the wall and make it daz
zlingly brilliant. The roadway between
the arch is made of wood and cf course
does not look as bright as tbe walls, but
it has }mit the effect of the mud streets of
! tbe far-away orient.
To look through tbe arch to tbe street
beyond the effect is most pleasing. An
iron gate partly fills tbe passageway and
I through this can be caucht glimpses of
I bright-colored vehicles and a few green
j palms. The white walls of the other
j buildings only tend to add to the general
effect of artistic picturesqueness. Occa
sionally the Algerian effect is increased
by a few rugs being suspended from the
windows of the buildings on either side of
the roadway.
Of course this street is not Algiers and
many things are required to make it bo,
but it is undoubtedly one of the most
artistic bits of San Francisco.
WING'S CASTLE
IN THE AIR
Built or\ Stilts Beside
a Higlj Bluff
/\ punters Point Residence That
Is Proof Against Dogs
and Burglars
Charley Wing, a Chinese, is more afraid
of dogs and burglars than any other man
in San Francisco. Not that Charley has
anything to steal, or to eat for that mat
ter, but there is no telling when he may
have. And besides he don't like either
dozs or burglars as a matter of principle.
Charley's horror of these two adjuncts of
modern civilization is so great that it has
induced him to build one of the most curi
ous houses in California, which must be
conceded to De a land of curious bouses.
In jreneral appearance Charley is just
like any other Chinaman, and he lives in
that locality so dear to his kind — Hunters
Point. But. Charley has many friends
I down that way, and all are engaged in the
' same business— fishing.
Charley owns a good boat and he also
' owns the house that has just been men
j tioned. He divides his time into three
sections. One part he spends in his boat,
luring the finny tribe from the depths of
j the bay. Another section he spends in a
place wnere he expects to win the money
he is afraid the burglars will get. The
other part of bis time he spends in his
j home.
It follows, as a matter of course, that
most of the time Charley spends at home
he is asleep and cannot hear the burglars
when they come. But he has no fear
since he built his bouse in the place it is
and the way it is. And all who see the
house must admit that Charley knew the
disposition of burglars when he contrived
to Keep them away. Charley risks his
neck every time be enters or leaves bis
home, and no burglar would do that for
the sake of all that Charley has.
Charley's house could just as well have
been in a convenient place, but instead be
has put it on top of four poles at least
forty feet high. It is net more than fifteen
feet from a cliff that rises from the beach.
The top of the cliff and the floor of the
house are of about the same level, but tbe
only means of communication between
them is a piece of eighteen-inch beam.
Charley says that he built the house all by
himself. He even drew the plans. It is
true that several men helped him put the
posts in position, but be don't count that
of any importance.
At high tide tbe waves wash around tbe
posts that support the bouse, but that
makes it a convenient place to tie his
boat. When Charley comes borne after a
hard day's fishing he climbs the cliff
beside bis house, crawls across the beam,
opens tbe door and goes inside.
A COCK THAT
DRUMS TRADE
Tricks of a California-
Street Rooster
By Standing in the Market and
GroWing He Attracts the
Customers
There is only one rooster in town who
devotes himself to soliciting business. He
belongs to Leon, the poultry-dealer on the
Pine-street side of the California market,
and is known by a variety of names, tbe
most common of which is "Bob."
In appearance Bob is not a beauty; nor
is he a thoroughbred, in spite of the fact
that he lias uil the indications of being a
gamecock. And lie is game when it comes
to fighting. No living being has any terrors
for Bob. He will throw hitrself into posi
tion for man, dos, cat or rooster. Bob is
always willing to fight, but he is also pos
sessed of a great deal of discretion, and
knows when he has enough and hastily
deserts the scene of conflict.
But, as has already been mentianed,
Bob's strong point is soliciting business for
his owner. He likes the work and is said
to be very successful at it, possibly because
he employs a great many different meth
ods.
It is many years since Bob started in the
soliciting business, and he seemed to take
to it naturally. He was brought to Leon's
in a coop with a lot of other chickens that
have long since been converted in soups,
broils, fricassees, etc., but somehow he
seemed different from the rest of his tribe
and Leon concluded to keep him.
One day after Bob had been in the mar
ket a month the door of his coop was acci
dentally left open and he walked out. In
stead of trying to leave the neighborhood
as fast as possible, as most other heaituy
roosters would have done, Bob went on a
promenade up and down the aisles of the
market. Every few steps he would stoo
and crow as if to say that he knew his
business. When he eot tired he went back
to the coop, where there was plenty to eat*
and took a rest.
From that day be has been allowed bis
liberty ana is tbe pet of the market. When
business is slack at .Leon's Bob goes out to
the sidewalk and crows. Naturally a crowd
gathers, and tbeu Bob leads them into tba
market and up to his owner's place of
business. Many stop to ask about Bob,
and before they leave will make pur*
chases. Another method of Bob's is to
take one of lion's business cards in his
bill and walk up and down tbe sidewalk
where people can Bee him. He attracts a
great deal of attention.
As long as Bob confines his field of oper
ation! to tbe vicinity of the market he is
all right, but be occasionally thinks he
can catch more customers on Montgomery
or Kearny street.
2526
SHE RIDES WITHOUT 'A LANTERN.
pkilosopkvj of Speed
The triumphs of science have demon
strated that if you would arrive at a con
clusion be sure you understand the cause;
if you wish to attain a certain end be sat
isfied that you thoroughly comprehend
the beginning. I iio not mean that if you
cannot understand a thing in its entirety
you ruust abandon the idea. Not at
all! Aim at the truth, and if you do not
bit the mark your hand will be stronger
and your eye steadier for the next trial.
Acting on these principles I have en
deavored to compile a rational and, to a
certain degree, conclusive essay on the
philosophy of speed. I say "conclusive,"
meaning that the ideas herein stated are
not the result of a hurried scratching to
gether of notions, but raiher they repre
sent the reflections of years and are to me
fixed and unchangeable dogmas. My pres
ent object is to reveal to minds inexperi
enced in athletics and unaccustomed to
their philosophy why it is that of two men
built about alike one will run like a deer
and the other like a cow; or why one man
built like an Apollo cannot jumpas well as
a schoolboy, while another with stumpy
legs and awkward style clears his own
height.
The first idea to be considered is, "What
is speed?" The dictionary says "moving
forward with celerity." Very good, but
can we not make the shoe fit a little closer?
A locomotive moves like the wind and you
ask the engineer how It is done and he
will doubtless call your attention to some
such fact as the wheels measuring eighteen
feet and revolving 300 times a minute.
You notice another engine making a great
fuss, puffing and blowing, but not running
nearly as fast as the express, and on close
inspection discover that she is built for
mountain-climbing or freight, and that
her wheels are but twelve feet in circum
ference and clustered on the rails like the
feet of a centipede.
As far as my knowledge has extended
the principal forces which contribute to
speed and jumping ability are as follows:
First, nerve loroe: second, strength of the
circulatory system; tnird, condition of
the digestive function;, fourth, develop
ment of tne muscular system. The ele
ments of the body, however, that are ex
ercised in the process of locomotion are
the muscles, bones, nerves, sinews and
vitals. These are the mechanical forces
and have nothing to do with judgment
and courage, which are forces of the mind.
Let us first eet some of the minor points
out of the way that we may dwell at
length on the more important matters,
and we will begin on the sinews. Let not
the reader suppose that I underestimate
the importance of the sinews; they are
unimportant by comparison only. These
tough, guttapercha-like cords are the con
necting link between the muscles and the
bones. They have no power of their own,
have little if any elasticity, and their dis^
tinct attributes are flexibility and resist
ance to any effort to stretch or snap them,
in this their consistency is wonderful, the
bone sometimes breaking before the ten
don will part. While it is desirable to
have large, strong sinews, particularly for
jumping, still I am inclined to think that
for runninc the tendons of the average
man are sufficient for all practical pur
poses in athletics.
Then we take the bones. These are
tubps filled with marrow. They fre
quently have a consistency peculiar to
themselves or to their kind. For instance:
Some are large and heavy; some are small
and light The best bones for a runner or
jumper are the latter kind, as it will be
plainly seen that he has little weight to
carry thereby, but derives just as much
benefit from their consistency as if they
were heavy and large. The weight-thrower
can afford to possess the latter kind, for,
while they are of no special benefit to him
they are no detriment.
It has been asserted that a siight curva
ture of bone is an excellent thing, as it
imparts a springiness to the stride or
spring thereby. While I do not think
this has been satisfactorily proved, I do
not doubt there is a great deal in the
theory advanced. There is probably much
to be gained by having a well- arched in
step. Here the bones are joined by car
tilage and form an elastic curve that
must give springiness to the step. In
some cases there is undoubtedly a distiuct
| advantage in having the sinews fastened
to the bones at a greater distance than
usual from the point of articulation of
the joint. This would serve to give more
leverage and power to the movement.
Next come tbe muscles. These, as is
| well known, are composed of bundles of
! fibers, so fine that they may be compared
Ito a hair. Tliey are hollow and contain
I cells so minute that thousands placed
i upon each other would make but an inch.
! The arrangement of these libers and cells
j can be justly compared to gaspipes tilled
with hollow balls, fitting closely. Do not
forget these cells within their tubes, as
j they will be referred to later.
When a man begins exercising (that is,
' an average man), the space between the
fibers is tilled with albumen, or fat.
While continuing this fat begins to dwin
dle away, leaving the muscles free and
untrammeled, where otherwise it would
be impossible for him to do his best.
Having now disposed of the minor points
of our argument, we will proceed to
! take up the most essential features. The
; dieestive function has a most important
bearing on an athlete's career, and it has a
twofold phase. First, for a man to be
i strong he must have nourishment — not the
I nourishment that a dyspeptic gets from a
half-digested meal, but perfect assimila
tion, where everything that is eaten "goes
to the right spot." We will all agree that
it would be poor policy to send a ship into
battle or across an ocean with defective
boilers or with poor fuel. In the strain of
high pressure the boilers should supply
the encines with every pound of steam
they can generate, and this cannot be done
if the tubes are crusted or the coal half
rock.
Digestion is the same; the blood should
be supplied with nutriment as pure and
strengthening as good food and a thor
ough digestion can furnish. This fact
helps a man a long way in becoming a suc
cessful candidate for championship hon
ors. But there is another reason why
strong digestive organs are necessary. In
a severe race, particularly for a long race,
the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels
get in distress if they are not In good con
dition, resulting in sickness at the atom
j ach or pains and aches below the waist
] during a race, which will throw a man out
j of a contest quicker than anything I know
of. Then* constipation or the reverse af
flicts many men and interferes with what
would be otherwise, possibly, a successful
career — all caused by imperfect digestion
or kindred evils.
We now approach one step nearer the
vital essence of speed and consider the
circulatory system. This consists of the
heart, lungs and the veins or arterial
system. *
Somewhere in the neck, near the collar
bone, surgeons tell us, the nourish
ment, as prepared by the stomach, enters
! the jugular vein and mingles with the
! blood. It then rushesback to the heart,
entering one of the chambers, of which
there are four, through a valve. The valves
are curious affairs. They are much line a
paper cornucopia or a fool's-cap, witn slits
down the side.
Through these slits the blood rushes, for
! the pressure forces them open, but when
I onco the chamber is filled they close and
the blood cannot get back. Then the
walla of the chamber contract and the
blood, which is called venous blood, is
forced into the right ventricle, and from
there to the lung?. It is in an impure
condition, most of it having come from all
parts of the body, and largely carbonic
acid gas. It is exposed to the air in the
lungs and the cells are filled with oxygen;
then it is sent back to the heart, enters
another chamber through one of those
curious valves spoken of. Next it passes
into a cavity immediately below, known
as the left ventricle.
This is. possibly, the most powerful of
the four chambers of the heart, and it is
on this that the great strain of forcing the
blood through the entire arterial system
| devolves, greatly impeded, as it is. in its
| course by contracting of the muscles, for
it must penetrate every nook and corner
of the body.
The blood possesses two qualities—par
ticles of nutriment, which build up the
waste parts of bone, muscle and nerve'
and oxygen, which nature has ordained
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
one of the elements of life. Now, the ar
terial system is so important that I will
pause just a moment to speak of a curious
fact, yet one which bears strongly on the
subject in hand.
Powerful as is that great pump, the
right ventricle, it is impossible for it to
perform all the work of forcing the blood
over the body; therefore at different loca
tions in the body, and particularly tbe
limbs, are auxiliary valves which perform
the double duty of preventing the blood
from receding and assisting it on its way.
In the back of the head at the base of
the brain is a mass of grayish material
known as the cerebellum. Nearly every
body has noticed hanging in front of a
butcher-shop an animal cut in half, ex
posing tbe spinal cord running down the
backbone. Now this spinal cord within
our vertebra? is but a continuation of the
base of tne brain, lite the shoots proceeding
irom a bnib. This cerebellum is so won
derful that I will have to refer the reader
to an encyclopedia if he is interested.
Sufficient here to say that it is the seat of
action, the spot where force is genera
ted. The Reason suggests to do a certain
move: the Will undertakes it. All this is
planned in the upper brain.
The decision is transmitted to the base
of the brain, and in a secret chamber a
cell is unlocked, transmitting through the
nerves the dynamic power to the muscles.
Sometimes the Will cannot, unlock the de
sired power, but Excitement may. It is
indeed an interesting study.
George D. Baird.
Her Face
QiVes Ligkt
Ir\ tke Darkr\ess
Surely there must be some new things in
the world. Who, before, ever beard of
the girl that rubs a luminous powder on
her face at night and then rides safely in
the dark without a lantern ? And yet this
is a fact, strange and absurd as it may
appear.
Of course, the eirl who does this rides
her wheel In the boulevards of Paris. She
has not yet been heard from in America,
but doubtless she is here and will yet
shed her beautiful radiance on the dark
ness of a moonless night in the park.
It hai-n't reached the fad stage yet, even
in gay Paris, but it has been tested by
more than one of even tbe ultra-fashion
able set in Paris, the French journals say,
and has worked so successfully that it will
doubtless soon become a fad. The lumi
nous preparation is scented, of course, and
it gives tbe fair face it shines on not only
a strong and penetrating radiance, but it
softens the countenance that without it
has a hard, yellowish cast in the light of
an ordinary bicycle-lamp.
Rice powder and sulphate of zinc is the
secret, with almost any perfume added,
that gives this startling yet altogether
pleasing effect. And, of course, it was a
French scientist who made tne discovery.
Sulphate of zinc has been found by M.
Charles Henry, a distinguished modern
French savant, to have a wonderful power
of absorbing sunlight and giving it back
in the dark. Rice powder, very finely
ground and bolted, to which a small
quantity of this mineral is added, gives an
exquisitely soft luminosity to a fair young
face. On a pitch dark night on the boule
vards the lady-cyclist dusted over with
this powder is in herself a lamp.
THE
TANDEM
WALTZ.
The luminous paint cannot be spoiled
by damp, and, indeed, will resist heavy
rain if combined with some strong adhe
sive body. In the Rue da Longchamps
there is a house where a suite of rooms is
lighted with it. The lady receives at "5
o'clock." The apartments appear to be
bathed in moonlight, and the curtains are
as if studded with glowworms; the very
ceiling scintillates.
The furniture seems as if it had been
nibbed with phosphorus. Colored ob
jects on which the light falls take the
rich tones of the topaz, ruby and emer
ald. The powder does not lose its bril
liancy if used in starch or common size.
Benefits of SWinr\nr\ir\g
There is, perhaps, no form of athletic
pleasure that gives more perfect action for
the development of the body than swim
ming. It has, moreover, the advantage
of affording active exercise for nearly
every muscle, without any accompanying
jar or strain. I do not mean by this that
the imprudent swimmer cannot overdo
and strain muscles or overestimate his
powers, but, taken in a rational way, the
exercise, despite its supposed perils, pre
sents on the whole fewer elements of dan-
HOW HYPATIA DEVELOPS HER THROAT AND LUNGS.
ger than almost any other. For women
it is a particularly desirable sport. In a
peculiar way it comes within the limits of
feminine powers, and curiously enough
while few women have attempted the
showy feats which men have accom
plished in the water they tave, as a matter
of fact, more endurance as swimmers thai
have men. They float more easily and are
far less liable to chills and cramps, and
despite their inferior strength make quite
as good swimmers as do men.
Man, meaning the whole human race, is
I not naturally a swimming creature.
Throw a cat into a pond and she instantly
begins to tread water. Horses, cows, pigs,
compelled to do so, swim as readily as
ducks and geese. Even land snakes when
tney take to the water slip silKily through
it as though it were their native element,
but men have to be taught to swim. Let
j a man be suddenly thsown into the water
| and if he Has not learned to swim the mi
i stinct of his ancestry at once asserts itself
j and he begins to climb. He reaches out
| to clutch at something and the movement
| sands him headlong to the bottom. The
J reason for this lies largely in the fact that
while among the animals swimming is
only a modification of ordinary locomo
tion, with man it is different. His upright
position in walking is wholly unlike thai
which he assumes in swimming. But
every boy and girl should be taught to
swim as an essential to comfort and to
self-preservation. San Francisco women
are particulaily fortunate in the oppor
tunities afforded them to become expert
swimmers, but it is a matter for regret
that so few avail themselves thereof. I
half envied Hypatia the other day when
she came home, brown, strong and en
thusiastic, from a trip to one of the bath
ing beaches and talked about swimming
three miles without a rest.
"How did you do it?" I said, filled with
memories of breathless, gasping swim
mers of my sex clambering exhausted
to shore after a splash of 150 yards
through sail water. Hypatia, the athletic
and well-developed, is neither large nor
particularly strong, and three miles
sounded like a long swin.
"Well," said Hypatia, "I used to think
150 yards was my limit, too, until I made
the discovery that after going 200 yards I
cet what athletes call 'my second wind.'
Then 1 am good to keep it up almost in
definitely. She warmed up to the subject.
M Sec here," she said, and standing before
me she drew in a deep, long breath. De
spite the disguising foids of her soft, well
fitting street gown I could see the muscles
rise and note tbe splendid expansion of
chest and ribs. "Swimming did that for
me," she explained as, after what seemed
an almost incredible length of time, she
let her breath softly out. "You see,"
Hypatis continued, "some years ago I was
given up as a hopeless victim of lung
trouble. They sent me down to Santa
Barbara and made we swim. I learned to
dive like a duck, to stay in the water by
the hour, to swim under water and to float
upon it, and by the end of a year my chest
measure had increased by an inch and a
half, and every muscle in my body was as
supple as silk."
"And you recommend long - distance
swimming for other women?"
"Not if they are out for a good time in
the surf," was the reply. "The swimmer
who wants to go any distance in the water
must not dive, or do fancy strokes, or in
dulge in any of the tumbling play that is
half the fun of being in the water. When
I am out for a long swim I start out easily
and quietly, with a long, slow, straight
ahead stroke, with no spurting. The only
change I ever make from this is to the
side stroke, and this but rarely. I never
dive on a long swim. It uses up one's
wind too quickly. But the sensation of
going through the water with an easy,
even, straight-ahead stroke, knowing you
are good for any reasonable distance, is a
little more like flying than anything else
I know."
I wonder why it Is that most of us
think we know what flying is really like.
We compare every sort of sensation with
this one, which none of us has ever Known,
as glibly as though flying were a matter of
everyday human experience. As a matter
of fact flying, when it comes to be a hu
man possibility, will probably not bring
into play half the powers that swimming
exerts. The swimming bath has of late
years been even brought into requisition
as an adjunct to the training of trotting
horses. There is nothing finer for devel
oping the muscles and putting the skin in
healthy, active working order. Any one
who has experienced it does not need to
be reminded of tbe delicious, stimulating
effect of sea water upon the skin. There
is nothing in the world quite like it, and
the woman who can avail herself of its
benefits and fails to do so makes a serious
mistake. One need not be a long-distance
swimmer to enjoy the delights of sea
bathing. There is ample exercise afforded
by the swimming-baths with which this
City is well supplied, but there is addi
tional delight in any sport enjoyed under
tbe blue sky, and the new woman would
do well to turn part of her activity toward
popularizing bathing on some of the avail
able beaches hereabouts.
Fit to be ranked with swimming is the
time-honored, humble, but eminently use
ful exercise of walking. By this I mean
a genuine walk, where the air is pure and
the ground sufficiently uneven to afford
some muscular exertion; the scene
varied enough to interest and stimulate
the brain. This latter effect is an essen
tial in every effort at physical culture.
Penelope Powelson.
JKe NeW
Darxce at the
Summer JResorts
The latest in dancing— it's the Tandem
Waltz. At the gay watering places in the
East, at Newport and Saratoga, Cape May,
Atlantic City, even as far West as Chi
cago and St. Louis, the Tandem Waltz is
now the rage.
There is no more slow, languorous danc
ing on a handkerchief's space. The young
man who held his partner close as if he
dreaded robbery is out of date. The
'•tandem" craze has struck the waltz.
The "tandem" has its advantages, says
the New York World. In it both girl and
young man move in the same direction at
tbe same time.
Instead of a young man holding out his
hands and the girl tucking her head under
his chin, she gives him the cold shoulder.
For the girl whose only charm is the
sloping lines of the back of the neck and
the fetching little locks tickling the white
nape this is especially comfortable.
The girl stands back to her partner, who
holds her right arm extended. This girl's
left hand is put behind her. This does
away with what prim people have called
unmitigated temptations of the waltz
There is no chance for the young man to
clasp a girl's slender waist
Faces are not dangerously close, and
eyes-oh ! eyes can't look into other eyes
any kind of tender looks.
The "tandem" takes all the flavor out of
Btrauss waltzing. However, it is one of
the distinct novelties. Here's one advan
tage: the tandem waltz will never ruin
tbe back of the waist of a girl's dress.
But think of the tall girl towing the lit
tle partner around in a tandem waltz.
Wonderful
Buried Forest
at Bader\
Qiar\tpedWood Trees
Brought to Light
by a Gar\yor\
Stream
After remaining buried for thousands of
years, beneath the yellow clay of the
Baden hills, the remains of a once great
forest are now being brought to light by a
freak of nature almost as curious, though
much more gradual, than the one that
overwhelmed the g'ant trees.
Running out of the hills, almost oppo
site Baden station, on the Southern Pacific
line, is a little stream of water, limpid and
insignificant during tbe summer months,
but a swollen, turzid torrent, roaring
down the canyon during the period when
the winter rains drench the heights.
For p rhaps a mile before it reaches the
road there is nothing to excite more than
passing attention to the canyon, but be
yond that it is a miniature Colorado Can
yon, and quite as curious in its way.
As the stream is ascended the cut
through which the water flows becomes
narrower and deeper until the walls tower
almost straight into the air to a height of
150 to 200 feet and the light of the sun is
far less bright than on the surrounding
bills.
From the appearance of the giant rift it
would seem that when the convulsion of
nature that heaped these great hills one
against the other was passed the earth in
this particular place was softer and more
broken than in other spots and that the
first downfall of rain began the work of
disinterring the buried monarchs of ages
ago.
Gradually the stream has cut its way
into the bowels of tbe earth until from the
banks of the yawning chasm it looks like
a tiny spring branch far below. Here and
there great landslides have torn away
from the bordering hills, leaving barren
gaps in the scanty verdure and damming
the stream temporarily, but their barriers
have been only temporary and little by
little they have been carried down to be
spread over the area where the canyon
widens into the plain.
Amon^' the curious features of the
canyon are the tall pinnacles of clay tha t
stand here and there along the banks of
the canyon like sentinels.
The water has gradually cut away tbe
earth surrounding some unusually hard
streak of clay, leaving it standing silent
and grim, a tribute to tbe vagaries of
nature. The canyon is like a bit of the
wildest mountain nature transplanted into
the commonplace foothills and seeming
strangely out of place among the peaceful
dairy ranches and vegetable gardens that
surround it. Even the birds seem to be
different than those of the surrounding
hills with their brilliant plumage and
sharp cries, and occasionally a great owl
flits spectrally tbrough the shadows when
disturbed by the infrequent hunter.
About a mile and a half from the en
trance to the canyon, where the chasm is
the narrowest and the stream has gone
the deepest into the earth, is revealed
something of the nature of this district
before the hills were there.
Projecting from the lofty clay wall near
the level of the stream are a number of
massive logs that resemble redwoods.
Exposure to the air for a considerable
period has caused the ends of the trunks
farthest from the bank to rot and crumble,
but the portions that were uncovered by
torrents resulting from the fierce storms
of last winter are still sound and show
tbe trees to have been of large size.
The dozen or more trees that are now
in sight are apparently resting on a Ded of
gravel — seemingly the bed of an ancient
stream — the stones which form it being
water wor.n and rounded and quite differ
ent from tbe fragments of slate and shell
that are found on the neighboring hiils.
What vast convulsion of nature over
threw them and heaped the yellow clay
upon their prostrate forms, covering them
and tijeir gravelly resting place for cen
turies, and until another stream searched
them out and gave them again to the
light of day, will never be known, but
scientists will draw conclusions and in
struction from their crumbling trunks,
and may through them supply some miss
ing link in geological history.
Local scientists are already interested in
the trunks, and a party will probably visit
the canyon before the winter rains return
to observe them and probably to bring
away a section for critical examination as
to their condition and other matters.
Professor George Davidson, the veteran
scientist, who for many years was at the
head of the Coast and Geodetic Survey on
this coast, thought that the find would
prove of considerable scientific value, and
inquired particularly as to the location of
the canyon and the depth below ground
that the logs were exposed.
"As far back as Spanish history and tra
dition go," he said, "we have no record of
redwood trees growing north of San
Bruno Mountain on the peninsula. That
the entire peninsula was once covered
with a redwood forest is certain, however,
for in boring for artesian wells redwood
logs have frequently been struck at a
depth of from 300 to 500 feet.
"The chips brought up by the drills
showed the loes to be in good condition
and sound. It is a well-known fact that
redwood retains its normal condition
when in a damp soil and free from air for
an indefinite period.
"This is the first instance that has come
to my knowledge where these long-buried
logs have been brought under human
observation, and no doubt will give geolo
gists many interesting points.
"The manner of their becoming buried
is merely a matter of conjecture. It may
have been one of those great upheavals
that have occurred from time to time in
centuries past that overthrew them, or
those clay hills may have slipped from
some cause and carried the great trees
with them. No doubt the stream, as it
wears the canyon wider and deeper, will
uncover many more.'*
The celebrated American historical col
lection of Dr. Thomas Addis Emmet, a
great-nephew of Robert Emmet, the Irish
patriot, has been presented to the New
York Public Library on the Tilden, Lenox
and Astor foundations. Dr. Emmet has
been making the collection since 1840,
when he was 12 years old. It deals prin
cipally with the revolutionary period, and
is remarkably complete.
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria is a
scientist, a musician, speaks half a dozen
languages fluently, and does all sorts of
other things equally well.S
Hours of July,
Oh, how you fly.
With sunshine you beam,
With joy and life teem.
Hours of July,
Why must you die ?
Won't you have fun to-day reading all
these nice little stories written by hoys
and eirls just your own age.
All of the 6tories wnich were sent in
were good, but twelve or thirteen for
various reasons were better than the rest
and these will appear as there is room.
Don't be discouraged if yours ia not
published, just be brave and write me a
line letter about how you spent the very
happiest day of your vacation.
Ever so many boys and girls wrote on
both sides of their paper this week. Oh,
dear, why won't you remember not to do
that?
Will Arthur Bugoen please send his ad
dress and very much oblige the editor of
this page?
Names of young story writers:
Miles K. Lewis C. Fopplano
Vera Cblsholm Edwin B. Eshleman
Cora Bonn Viola Truman
Jessie Fredericks Annie Cleir
Vicior Bichlt Alice Johnson
Ada Dora Anthony Jessie C Turner
Alma M. Smith Grace Peterson
Alia McGovern Dora Crawford
Lilian £. A. Fisk Flora Cartmill
Alice Leo Kate WaSbrato.
Mabel Ivey Mary Dunne
Ashley Pettls Edward l'eltls
Ivy Johnson Carrie Gousalves
Rose Den Ethel M. Ferguson
Marie Cheswonh Ray Stuart
Hasel Brock Laura Green
Arthur Sngden Eva Savnue
Constance Keohaa Winnie Woodbury
J. Gerona Herbert
lifttff j LoU«j,>.
If your dolly's sleepy and she begins to cry,
Let her nestle in your lap, then her tears 'ill
dry,
lhen her pretty eyes 'ill shut with a bit of a
sigh,
Lay her, lightly, in her bed, a-lul-la-lul-la-by.
Smooth the tiny pillow, kiss tbe little sweet;
Tuck the scarlet blankelets about her wee,
wee feet;
Pull the purple curtain down, tell ev'ry one
you meet,
"My dolly-baby's fast asleep, your drums you
mustn't beat."
Pweep your dolly's parlor, bake an angel cake,
Get all your washing done before she is
awake,
Mend her torn petticoat, a little apron make.
And a yellow pat of butter— all for dolly's
sake.
When the dinner's cookin' and the table's set,
And the china vase filled with mignonette,
Then you'll hear a little cry— she's begun to
fret-
Rock her gently in your arms, a-mamma's
little pet. v
Chorus:
Lul-la-lul-la-lul-la-by,
I'm your own mam-ma.
Little dolly, quiet lie.
La. la, la, la, la. A. D. C.
Ai°ot dlo«r (DWicj.
Bread, we think, is the most curious
material out of which a clock has ever
been constructed. There was, and may
still be, in Milan a clock made of bread.
Tne maker was a native of Milan, quotes
Harper's Round Table, who devoted
t bree years of his time to the task. He
was very poor, and being without means to
purchase the necessary metal for the
making of a clock, he set apart regu'arly
a portion of his bread each day, eating
the crust and saving the soft part. To
solidify this he made use of a certain salt,
and when the various pieces were dry
they became perfectly hard and insoluble
in water. The clock was of good size and
kept fair time.
Another strange clock was exhibited
some years ago in Liverpool. It was con
structed of pins, buttons, and all sorts of
odds and ends by a pauper named Mer
cer. The maker of this extraordinary
timepiece thus describes it himself: '-The
bacK and front of the clocit were made
from iron bed-laths, while the barrel was
part of a large brass ferrule, the ends being
brass-buttons hammered out."
The barrel arbor had originally been the
blade of a shoemaker's awl, the main and
several other wheels were nothing more
nor less than suspender buttons from the
maker's own trousers, while the cog-teeth
were portions of bygone knitting-needles.
The teeth of the center wheels had been
boot rivets. In the dial there were 100
separate pieces.
Fon WttJ, a Fomficin.
Not all of the fun of a pumpkin is made
into pies. The New York Idercury tells
how a pumpkin may entertain a whole
birthday party after the pies are all taken
out.
It ought to be a prize pumpkin and a
big one. Bcoop out all the inside. Then
stuff it full of toys tied up in mysterious
looking bundles.
To each package tie a bright ribbon, let
ting the loose ends fall out over the sides
of the pumpkin. Then carefully replace
the cap or the stem part, which you cut
off. so that it will look as if it were still
whole end place it on your teatable. Sur
rounded by ferns and colored autumn
leaves, and decorated with tne drooping
ends of the ribbons, it "Will make a very
pretty centerpiece.
When the feast is over set the children
to guessing how many seeds are in the
pumpkin. When all have guessed, tell
each to take hold of one of the ribbons,
and when you say "Tnree!" they must
pull on the ribbons, and in that way they
will see how many seeds are in the
pumpkin. Of course each little guest se
cures a pretty gift.
Little Olga was a new scholar in Sunday
school and listened with wide, blue eyes
as the teacher read the story of Elijah be
ing fed by the ravens. Seeing her eager
little face the teacher said: "Now can
Olga tell us how Elijah was fed'"
"He was fed with raiaini," was the
earnest reply.
A |tv»n|e PW.
One beautiful day in midsummer
Miss Elizabeth Mabel Gray,
Who had reached the wise age of seven,
Invented a very odd play.
She didn't intend to be naughty
(She afterward said), not at all,
But mamma just had to go shopping
And leave her alone with the doll.
And dolly was cranky and sulky,
So Bess had to put her to bed,
And then she had no one to talk to.
When the thought came into her head—
What fun it would be to play postman
And deliver letters awhile;
In Brother Dick's drawer in the corner
She knew there was such a pile.
She only took out about twenty
(Just enough to go round, you see),
Then out on the sidewalk she hurried,
Her merry eyes dancing with glee.
Up each stairway her nimble feet pattered,
Her fingers rang quickly each bell,
Then under each door went a letter
(More fun than you ever could tell).
But'how her mamma was puzzled
When the neighbors came, one by one,
Each bringing a sweet-scented letter,
Each wondering how it was done.
And poor Brother Dick, when that evening
He heard with the deepest surprise
How his sweetheart's notes had an airing
At the mercy of other folks' eyes.
She didn't intend to be naughty,
Not at all, she contritely said,
But mamma saw no other way open
Than to put her, like dolly, to bed.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
THE LETTER
BOX
Dear Editor: I have started a number of let
ters to The Call, but have never sent any. I
am 10 years old and in the fourth grade.
My papa keeps The Call, and lam always
looking forward to Sunday, because I like to
read the children's page so much.
So seeing your picture of the little girl In
Sunday's paper, 1 thought I would write a
story about it.
In the picture I think that the little girl has
been told to shell peas, and she went out in
the back yard to do it.
When the ducklings saw what she was doing
they came around her, she commenced to play
with them, and spilled some of the peas on
the ground, and now they are eating them up
before she has a chance to pick them up
again.
I think that she is afraid her mamma will
call her careless, so she is trying to chase them
away, but they are not afraid of her, and stay
waiting ior her to drop more.
Alma M. Smith,
21 Hill street, San Franuiaco.
San Francisco, Cal., July 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl, 8 years old,
and my papa has taken The Call for a long
time, and I «m so glad that he does take Thk
Call, because I love to read the children's
page.
Igo to the Btarr King School on Bryant!
street and my teacher's name is Miss Uoggins.
I uas promoted from the second grade into the
third grade and my mammu got me a nice gold
ring for being promoted. I have one brother
and he is also promoted.
I have one little canary bird and his name is
Dick.
I spent a very happy Fourth of July with mv
little cou>ins.
I think 1 shall close now, hoping to see my
letter in print next Sunday. Yours truly,
Carrie Stevens.
Calibtooa, Cal., July 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: This time I want to tell you
about the pets which my brother Johnn, and
I have. Johnny has a little black dog that he
calls Sport, and he is a smart little fellow, too.
I have a cat ihat is about five years old ; she is
gray aD«I white, and 1 call her Kitty Gray. I
also huve a pretty little kitten, which I call
Satan B. Anthony— a pretty big name for a
lltile cat. isn't it? Be»ides the dog and cats
we have four canary birds. I had four little
birds hatched this spring, but I gave two
away, so now we have the mamma and papa
birds and two young ones. Of these I cla:m two,
Johnny one and mamma one.
I have answered four puzzles this time, and
hope they are right. Your friend,
Kva Navone.
Oakland, Cal., July 5, 1890.
Dear Editor: This is the first letter I have
ever written to yon, and as I have not written
before I hope it will be published.
I am 10 years old and am in the high fifth
grade.
Mamma likes The Call very much and would
| not change for a^iotl.er paper.
I have a little sister and she is 4 years old.
She is always talking about school and wishes
!to go. Her name is Helen.
I am going to send my story about the little
girl and her ducks that was in last Sunday's
paper.
I guess I will stop now. I remain your little
reader, Beth Johxktome.
San Francisco, Cal., July 5, 1896.
Dear Editor: Tnis is the first letter I have
written to you. lam 10 years old and am go
ing into the sixth grade. I go to the Everett
Grammar School.
I hope my letter will be published in next
Sunday's Call. I enjoy reading the children's
page in The Call.
My school closed 19th of June. I have not
triod to answer any puzzles, but I think I will
soon. I will close as your friend,
Maud Twittenbach.
Oakland, JulyS, 18!)(>.
I fir Editor: This is my fir.~t letter to The
Call. I was reading over the children's page
and saw the letters, so I thought I wouM !
write one, too. My papa has been taking The
Call for a long time. I hope that I will see
my letter in next Sunday's paper. I am 9
| years of age. Igo o the Lafayette School. I
j am promoted to the third. Yours truly,
Zena Bkown.
San Francisco, Julys, 1896.
Dear Sir: lam 12 yeur? of age and was pro
moted from the primary school and Mill be a ■
pupil of the grammar school.
I am very interested in the children's page
j and have been reading the letters, sol thought
| I would write one, and hope to see it in next
j Sunday's Call.
1 will toon try to answer some of the pu«
z!es. The stories and letters are very nice.
This is my first letter to Thk Call and I hope
it will escape the wastebp.sket. We have been I
taking The Call and it is superior to any other
newspaper. Yours truly,
Agnes l. Filipilk.
Watponville, Cal.. July 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: I saw my first letter In yester
day's Call. I suppose it was not in The Call
a week ago Sunday, because it did not reach
you in time.
We had a fine time on the Fourth here.
There was a parade and in the evening they
had an illuminated drill by the Watsonville
Drill C rj>-.
I am going to try the puzzles now nnd I hope
1 will get them right. Your interested reader.
Jennie C. Morgan.
Bovth San Francisco, July 2, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little 9-year-old. My
papa takes Tub Call. I go to the South San
Francisco school. My teacher's name is Miss
Htolz. I am in the third grade. This is my
first letter to The Call, the paper I like, for it
has a children's page in it. J have three sis.
ters and one brother. I guess I'll close my let
ter. Your little friend, Annie Carbebk.
• omstock, Cal., July 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is tne first time 1 have writ
ten to The Call. I live on a ranch sixteen
miles from Hollister. Papa takes The Call.
I like to rend the "Childhood's Realm." lam
10 years old, and I was promoted to the sixth
j grade. I riae to school on horseback, as it it> a
long way. It is vacation here now. I will
send a story about the picture. I will close
now, hoping to see my letter printed. From
your little friend, Lauea Gbebn.
San Francisco, July 12, 1896.
Dear Edit or: I see so many letters from all
the boys and girls I thought I would write one
too. I am 10)4 years old. My mamma has been
taking The Call for ten years. I like the chil
dren's page very much and 1 read lt.every Sun
day. Hoping to tee my letter printed in The
Sunday Call, I remain your little reader,
Beckie Hsino.
Copperopolib, Cal., July 6. 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter. I am a
little girl and live on a ranch near Copperopo
lis. I shall be 9 years old the 27th of tbia
month. My papa has taken The Weekly Call
for two years and thinks it is the best paper he
ever read. I send you the answers to the flrtt,
second and fifth puzzles. I am your little
reader, Maudie" Wicki.iffk.
Yoskmite, July 10. 1896.
Dear Editor: I have read the stories in the
realm and thought I would like to write one
also.
lam a little girl, 10 years old, and go to
school in the summer.
I have four sisters and one of them is a baby,
and three brothers. One of them has a little
black pony and I have a little pet dog.
My father has a great many horses, so I ride
every Saturday. My teachers name here is
Miss White, and in Madera, where I live in the
winter, it is Miss Elliot.
I have not tried any of the puzzles, but my
sister has.
My papa takes The Call and we all like it
very much, and I hope you will publish my
letter. Yours truly, May K. Kennedy.
Bloomfield, July 12, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I saw my last letter in print
I thought I would write again. I am very
much interested in the children's page and
wish there were two pages of it. As I saw my
last piece of poetry in print I thought I would
write another. Your constant reader,
Nona E. Herbert.
KB. SUJJ AND HIS WIFK.
Old Mr. Bun had been mad all day,
Ob, in such a blazing heat,
He never could get to are his wife,
Not even as much as her feet.
His children, too, were so shy of him.
They pulied the black curtain down,
Whenever she saw his glow ing tac«
With her red-cloua nightcap on.
He said his wife was made of gre«n cheese,
BO soft she'd melt at a ray
That he'd chanced to send her one time
When her boys and girls were at play.
His children? You couldn't count them all—
His wife Mrs. Moon never can.
There were Jupiter, Mars, oh, such beautiful
•tars.
Such boys never owned by man.
But he never could see why his children
would run.
With a twinkle In one little rye.
For Dear Mama moou, with out-half face In
frloom,
And tbe other so cross looting, my!
For whenever her face has lt» jolly round look
ADd she sees his red face going hy,
fc-he covers It up witii v big b ack veil
Till you only can see her eye.
Then she covers her children all snug and neat
W;th a great blarlc comfor. warm.
Then with lightning flashing from her eyes,
She thunders, -You b# gone!''
That's why Mr. Sun hid his Jolly, round face
And we miss his accustomed smile.
And the t»»rs Hailing fast from his watery eyes
Making deluges .or over a mile.
>>o>a Herbert.
But. Canyon, Cal.. July 9, 1896.
Hear Editor: 1 have never written to you be
tore. lam I*2 years old. I have four sisters
and three brothers.
1 think I will try a puzzle this time. I know
the fourth one; it is, '-Be just before you're
generous.' 1 I hope it 13 right. Please print this
letter. Igo to school and am in the sixth i
grade. I will close. Your friend,
WUttBI Woodbury,
San Pablo, July 8, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call and
we like it very much. I like to read the chil
dren's Page every Sunday, so 1 thought I
would write you a letter and soe if you would
publish it. lam a little girl 10 years old. I
have two sisters and one brother. I just got \
' | promoted to the fiith grade. I have a little
canary bird named Goldie. It has a black top
! : knot.
Besides I have a little ret kitten which I call ]
; Minnie.
j This is the first letter I have written to you.
'' ! and I hope to see it published in next Sunday's
■ paper. Your little friend, Elsie A. Davis.
• | Golden Gate, July 12.
> i Dear Editor: This is our first letter to The
i ( ail. We like it better thau any other paper.
, because it has a children's page. Our papas
1 have been takine It for many years. We are
I cousins and we have many pet*. Your
new friends, Johnnie FVkcate aud
Makik carkkkk.
P. S.— We hope you will not put this letter in
, ' the wastebasket, for we should be very glad
"' I to see it in print.
Pome very useful eates:
I. 1. A Rate given to travaling by water.
2. A gate which increases In length. 3. Agate
which purifies. 4. A gat" which conquers and
reduces to servitude.
11. 1. Add a small ball to a prepoMtion and
make a brief stnK-meut. 2. Add "toslide" and
"to cover the fee." and make very careless.
Hi. Why is ;he city of Athens like the wick
of a candle?
IV. Dropped vowels:
Gd gv t mn n tug
ml twe s may rs,
n rdr t rpt
n hit ' wbt h hra.
V. My 1 is a bag; my 2 Is a line of
light; my 3, human beings; my 4, part
of the foot; whols 1b the name of a city in
the United States.
VI. My lis in donkey, but not in mule.
My 2 is in rod. but not In rule.
My 3 is in night, but not in day.
My 4 is In measure, but not in weigh.
My 5 is in laugh, but not in cry.
My 6 is in bird, but not in fly.
Find these letters
If you can
You'll have the name
(Ku dear little man.
VII. What was the Bastile?
IX. r.o for a word hunt in "Bnstile." Use
the letters in each word only as often as ttaer
occur in the given word. Use no abbreviations.
X. Out of the letters of these words make
the names of two flowers.
(a) Rise, romp.
(b) Slower, fun.
XI. What odd number when beheaded will
become even?
XII. What is that which belongs to yon, but
is most used by others?
ANSWERS.
Correct answers to questions and puzzles of
"/Because they're going to sea (see).
' 11. Because the editor makes puffs, while the
printers make jumbles and pi. > w ■;, -
111. A manager of a theater doc« not like a
lighthouse, but a sailor does.
IV. Heliotrope.
V. as poor as a church mouse.
As th in as a rail,' .
As fat as a porpoise,,
1 As rough as a gala. ■ / ,
As brown as a linnet,
As spry as a cat,
As bright as a sixpence,
• As weak as a rat. .
VI. A step farther (stepfather).
VII. Silence.
•VIII. In for a penny in for a pound.
" IX. Too many cooks poil the broth.
Name* of those who have sent in correct
answers: For June 28, Maudie Wicklifle; for
July 5, Albertina Habermacher, Ednaßiecker,
Grace Peterson and May E. Peters; July 12,
Maggie Woodbury, Eva Narone, Lou Parsons
and Madclena Lagomarsino.
THE STORIES OF THE PICTURE.
THE FIVE DUCKLINGS.
One fine morning the Reed family decided
to take their lunch and spend the day at
Golden Gate Park, so that their four children —
Irene, Jessie, Toddy and Theodore— might
enjoy themselves.
Now we must leave Mrs. Reed to prepare
lunch and hear something about Violet Brook,
who lives next door to the Reeds. Violet had
smelled the cakes and cookies all yesterday as
they came out of the oven in Mrs. Reed's
kitchen, and could imagine seeing them put
in the large basket ready to eat. Now you
roust not think Violet never got these things,
for her eider sister, Funny, often made them.
But I dare nay they were not quite as nice.
Violet's father was dead and, as her mother
was poor, she could not enjoy as many good
things as her neighboring playmates.
She watched witn a longing eye as Jessie
Reed went in and ou of her house on errands
and listened to her— "Oh, we are going to have
a splendid time. Don't you wish you
could go?" •
This was very wrong in Jessie, and I Teally
think a girl of 8 years ought to know better,
though we will excuse her as she was very ex
cited. Nevertheless Violet caught every word
of It and thought it over again and again and
at lust decided to consult with her sister
Fanny. But lam sorry to say ttiat Fanny, who
was not noted either for Kindness or gentle
ness, and did not feel like consulting over any
thing, said: "Oh, run away, VI, and do not
bother me. Vera will be here in any moment
to go out wit h me and I haven't got my hair
curled yet." Violet said nothing, knowing it
would not do any good, and ran out in the
garden to speak with ncr best friends, the
flowers.
She was out there but a very short time when
a loud "good-by" was heard, and Violet looked
up just in time to see the last wave of Jessie's
hand. But she did not pay much attention to
it, for she was realiy hurt : no, not <is much us
to have even waved her hand back. Turning
to the flowers again she went on chattering.
Violet stood in the center of tne flower-bed,
and presently the wind blew the tops of the
ruse-bushes about her face, as if to enable them
to litar her woras. At a very interesting point,
and where Violet expres-eel her feelings most,
there came another "good-by." Oa looking up
she saw Fanny and Vcva go sirutting off with
tli^ir curls aud crimps. Now our poor little
fr;end was all alone. What should she do? So
tired of everything AH o! a sudden she htard
a gruff voice say ivg: -'Ducks! Ducks! Ducks!
Dueki! Five cents npluce! ' Violet went nearer
to the fence, aud, sure enough, she was quite
rißht.
Putting her finger to her forehead for a mo
ment to think hi>w many ducks her own
twenty-ftV« pennies— which h*d taken her a
whole yeiir to save up— would buy. she soon
found out that with this .sum she could pur
chase five— ye». five— dt.-ur little Uucks all tor
lur -elf. Telling the man to wait a moment,
away she ran to the house and returned
quickly with 25 cents. "F.ve if you please,
mister," she sniU.
Violet was so delighted she could hardly
wait till her ducklings were out of the basket
an-1 into her o'vn yard.
It was nearly supper time, so she got the
corn and turning the largo ciotliesbasket up
side down Violet sat upon it and soon found
herself shelling corn and also scolding at her
"dear rhiKiren," who gathcre 1 around and i
fought la a clumsy way over one little grain, j
as you see in the picture.
It was not very lonsr. before Mrs. Brook came |
home and was very glad to see her daughter
so happy.
As soon as supper was over the wee duck
ling were fed and tucked in a cozy nest.
Violet retired eariv ana dreamed of all
klmi* an<l colors of rlueks, big fui'l little, but
not once of having miwed st>t::g out wit.i sis
ter Fanny or Mrs. R.-ci's little girls.
The ducks were n Treat source of comfort,
and soon became favorite pets of every child
in the neighborhood.
Mabel C. Smith (age 12).
1001 Downey avenue, Los Angelis, Cal.
THE DUCKS GOT THE PEAS.
"Memmi'." »aid Alice Emerso.t. rushing in
from school nnd throwing her hat on the sofa,
'•Florence Wood- has the sweetest little ducks,
and her father pays I may have six if I want
them. May i pet them, mamma?"
/ "Well, dear, I suppose you can take them It
you like," answered Mrs. Emerson.
"Oh, mamma, I am so giad! May I go for
WHAT DOES TOMMY'
HEAD CONTAIN
In many of the papers recently there
have been bit; black pictures of hands with
the bones showing through. Some of
them looked like skeleton hands with
gloves on. And there were cutn of fast
closed Docketbooks revealing the money
inside, and of pencils with the leads show
ing through. The insides of heads have
not been photographed yet, but the great
inventor, Edison, is at work on the prob
lem and he hopes before Jong to make a
fine picture of a human brain. It is possi
ble that some day boys and girls may pre
sent their friends with portraits of the in
sides of their beads as well as of the out
sides. Think of that!
Perhaps some of you— even though you
read the papers carefully— do not under
stand how these wonderful pictures ar3
made. Indeed, no one in the world ex
cept a clever German experimenter named
Professor Roentgen knew anything about
them right away?" And when her mother told
her she might her joy knew no bounds.
"Take a basket to bring them in," said her
mother; "and be home soon, Alice." And
Alice ran off.
Very soon she returned with her ducks. She
took such good care of them that they grew
very fast.
One day when she came home from school
she found her mother sitting on the porch
shelling peas. "Oh, let me shell them,
mamma," said she. "Well, you may if you
want to," replied her mother.
"I am going out in the yard with my duckies,
mamma, ior I haven't seen them to-day." So
she took a basket to sit on and then she came
back for the peas. She sat down and began to
shell her peas, but no sooner had she gone to
work than her pets began to gather around
her. "You can't have any of my peas," she
said to the ducks. "You can only have the
pods."
Just then seven or ei«ht peas fell to the
ground; she stooped to pick them up, but the
ducks had eaten them. Then they lifted their
heads as much as to say, "We did get some
after all." Jean Johnstons.
Oakland, Cal.
KILLED BY CROSSNESS.
Ruth Brown was the oldest of four children;
her father was a machinist on Mare Island,
There being much to do at home she was
obliged to help her mother about the house.
One very sunshiny Saturday Ruth's mother
gave her some peas to shell, telling her she
could take them outside, it being cooler than
in the kitchen. Ruth took the poas, but was
uot pleased with her work. She was thinking
of a book she wanted to read, and forgot every
thing until she felt something nibbling at the
toe of her shoe. Looking down she saw some
fluffy, downy, yellow balls of ducks, with their
black eyes and broad bills asking her in duck
language to give them something to eat. Ruth
really loved them, but to-day she was cross.
At first she threw them the shells; these were
too hard and smooth for tne tender bills of
little duckies, and they began to quack, quack
for something better. Ruth felt little pity,
but did throw them a few oi the peas. These
were not much better than the shells.
A duck would get oue of these littjp green
balls at the end of his bill and would roll it
around several times, nearly always dropping
it aud going back to look for something softer.
By this time Ruth was tired, it seemed the
pile of peas never would be smaller, aud in a
temper she kicked at oue of the little ducks
with more force than she really meant to use.
Poor little ducky rolled over a few times,
turned on its back, waved its little fan-snaped
feet, gave a faint quack and died. Then
Ruth realized how naughty she had been. She
pickoct up the poor little duck and cried, but
all her tears and sorrow could not give back
the poor little life sne had taken. She brought
the little dead thing to her mother, told her
how sorry she wa*, and promised ever after to
do her share of the work in a more pleasant
way, end never never would she allow her un
happintss to bring trouble to others.
Vallejo, June 29. Ruth Hascal.
WHAT BECAME OF THE PEAS.
One day Dannie, who is a little girl 9 years
old. was shelling some peas for dinner. Now
Nannie is very fond of peas, and these were
the first they had had that year, go she worked
busily away, for she wanted them to be cooked
for dinner. She haA shelled nearly all of them
when her mother called her to come aud run
to the store for some things. So 9he set the
peas down on the basket on which she had
been sitting and ran away to put on rusr hat
and started for ihe storo, which was several
blocks away. Now. although Nannie lives in
the city, they nave a few chickens and ducks,
and at this time Nannie had some very cun
ning little ducks, of which she was very
proud, and which she had brought up herself,
their mother having been killed by a cat when
they were very small.
While she was at tne store the little ducks
came waddling along, and being very hungry
after a swim in the pond they thought the
peas would make a good dinner. So into the
pan they jumped, eating some peas and scat
tering others arouud. After a while they
I jumped down and began eating those on the
j ground. When Nnnnie returned she found a
! great many of the peas gone, while there
stood the ducks eating away. She did not no
tice li at first, but when she did she was very
angry ; but her mother consoled her by prom
ising that she would buy some more in a few
days. So she save the few that were left to
tre chickens, and went into the house to help
with dinner.
Elsie Akelan (12 years old).
Gualala, Mendocino County, Cal.
WHAT BECAME OF THE DUCKS?
The Curtis family lived on a small farm in
Indiana. There was only one child in the
family and ncr name was Mamie.
Besides keeping the fnrm, Mrs. Curtis sold
milk. Mamie always carried the milk to theii
few customers.
There was one lady who took a great interes
in Mamie. She noticed how much she lovec
pets.
One day she gave her twelve large duck eggs
When Mamie reached home she ran in to hei
them a few weeks ago. And when Pro
fessor Roentgen told of his discovery
everybody grew interested at once and
other experimenters began to work on it.
Oue doctor in Chicago succeeded in pho
tographing a bullet on the inside of a man's
hand so that he could tell just where to
cut to get it out.
It is a simple process after all. Yon know
how ordinary photographs are made— by
drawing the reflected rays of the son from
a certain object through a glass lens and
allowing them to reproduce the object on
a sensitive plate. Sunlight does not go
through opaque objects — it is reflected
from them — and so no one has ever been
able to photograph the insides of tnintrs.
But this fact did not discourage Professor
Roentgen — he thought it might be doneand
so he went to work to find some kind of a
light that would shine through sub
stances. Ue took a glass tube something
mother and said, "Mamma, Mrs. Kent gay«
me some duclc eggs; please may I go and pat
them under the setting hen by aad by." "You
may go now," said her mother.
Bo she set the hen, anu in four weeks they
were hatched out. After awhile they were very
fat and cunning and Mamie loved them dearly.
One morning she iound that there were only
eleven ducklings left. The next day there
were ten, then nine, until at last there re
mained only one.
Poor Mamie could not think what had be
come of her ducks. She searched everywhere,
but found no trace of them. One day she was
hunting hen's nests when she saw pussy purr
ing; softly over a downy jellow duckling. Ma
mie screamed when she saw it, for It was the
ast of her ducks.
"You nauehty kitty," said she, "you shall go
to the galloway The gallows was a rope tied
in tbe old apple tree and fat rats and mice had
.of ten hung there, and kitty hung there too.
When kitty was dead Mamie took her down
and said a little prayer over her and then,
burled her. Over her grave were these words:
"This is Kitty Curtis, who killed and ate my
ducKS." Jessie Edwabds.
142 San Joaquin street, Stockton, Cal.
MARJORY'S PETS.
Marjory Dayton was a poor little girl who
lived in the southern part of California. She
had no pets except her ducklings, of which,
she was very for.d. She said that she would
not hurt them for the world. Their mother
had died when they were but two days old.
They would follow her around just &s dogs
do their masters and mistresses, and the only
thing Which kept them from following her to
school was the high fence which they could
not fly over. When she came home from
school they would all rush to meet her.
not drive, them away. Her father did not
object to them, "as it was about the only
pleasure the poor girl ever has," he said, and
as her mother was dead there was no one else
to object to her having them around her.
In our picture we see her shelling peas for
dinner with her pets all about her, talking to
them all the time and now and then scolding
them in play for some misdemeanor; they aE
look as if they were very Rttentive, except one
greedy little duckling who seems to be bound,
to have all the peas she had spilt, no matter
what happens.
She was very glad when each one laid their
first eggs, because then she could earn some
money of her own by selling them.
Whem she had several dozen eggs she took
them to San Jose to sell. She received over
$10, as duck eggs were very high ana sold for
75 cents a dozen. She took the money home
and put it away in a little bank which her
mother had given her, and as it was the very
first money she had ever earned or had had of
her own she was very proud of it.
When the ducks grew older they began to
sit. It was a very droll sight to see all those
ducks sitting in a row. When the eggs
hatched Marjory was very glad, because she
could earn some more money then, as she was
planning to build a cottage for her fatner and
herself a little nearer San Jose.
But one thing was remarkable, the children
of that greedy duck were just like their
mother, but the other ducklings were just aa
their mothers used to be.
Agnes Mat Pulton.
LITTLE NELLIE'S PEAS.
Nellie had just finished shelling the peas for
dinner, when Josie Irving called to her from
the gate, "Oh, Nell, come with me down to the
river after sand for my bird." "Ail right,"
said Nellie, and so without waiting to take the
peas in the house she put them down on the
floor and ran off, leaving the gate open.
Her mother had often scolded her for leav
ing the gate open, because Nellie had some lit
tle pet geese that would always come into the
yard if they saw the gate open.
There was a bed of pansies in the yard that
Nellie's mother was very proud of. The geese
were proud of it, too, as one of the b?st kind of
places for them to scratch in, and Nellie re
membered it, when twenty minutes later she
came up the walk and saw half of the pansy
bed scratched out.
When she reached the porch she found the
geese there eating the peas up; and beside)
they had spilled about half of them out of the
pan.
"You miserable old geese," she said, as she
drove them out of the yard ard shut the gate,
"you've spoiled mamma's nice pansies and
eaten a lot of my peas up, and mamma will
scold me for it.
"Weil," she thought, "I s'pose I was to blame
for leaving the gate open. I guess I had better
tell mamma just how it was."
"Well," said her mother, when she had fin
ished,"there will be hardly enough peas for din
ner if we all have some, so you can go without
yours, and it will help you remember to keep
the gate shut after this."
Nellie was very fond of green peas, and she
wished her mother had given her a scolding
instead, but it was better for her as it was,
for she seldom leaves the gate open now.
Clara Kennedy (14. years).
Goodyears Bar, Sierra County, CaL
the shape of a bologna sausage (C in the
cut) and pumped the air all out of it, leav
ing it a vacuum. Into each end of this
tube a wire led. and these wires were
connected, as shown in the cut with
a battery (E) and with an induc
tion of Rohmkoff. coil (D) which in
terrupts the current many times and gives
it the power of passing through the
vacuum tube. When the connections
are made and the current begins to flow
ia very bright and beautiful blue light
blazes from the end of the tube known
as the cathode. This is the wonderful
light that has the power of shining straight ,
through almost any substance. Conse
quently when a man holds up his hand be
tween the tube and the sensitive plate (A)
of the photographic device the light shines
through it and produces a photograph in
which the flesh shows light-colored, be
cause it is less hard and dense than the
bones, which show dark.
And if the experimenters can thus pho
toeraph the inside of things perhaps they
will some day be able to photograph the
inside of Tommy's head when his mother
is going away aad he knows there is
jam on the top shelf of the pantry!
Such a picture would rather embarrass
Tommy, wouldn't it? And there is
Polly. What if they could photograph her
head when little Susie Perkins has a new
hat? Maybe if Tommy's head and Polly's
head could be photographed they would
look something like the heads in the pic
tures'.—Chicago Record.
Polly's Head.
2728
JModisK Frocks ir\
Orgarvdie or LiaWrx
This week I give you three summer
frocks which can be reproduced in musline,
batiste, organdie or lawn with delightful
results. The first has the skirt and bodice
of creamy white bengaline, the sleeves
and fichu being of mousseline de soie of
the same tint. The fichu, sleeves and
neck are finished with mousseline deli
cately embroidered. The hat is of a satin
butter-colored straw, the crown and inner
brim" being composed of a coarse guipure
lace. Wild roses with their leaves arise at
the back. Ttie larpe butterfly wings are
made of white feather ana kilted net.
The cream mousseline parasol is beautified
with guipure lace.
I can highly commend the gown of
grass lawn embroidered in a design of
yellow roses and green leaves. The entire
lining is of a soft and heavy yellow silk.
About the bodice is introduced a welcome
touch of satin green embroidered in yel
low roses. The front is of yellow net
studded with gold sequins.
The toilet of white Chine mohair is
blurred all over with wild pink roses.
The bodice is a zouave one of while bro
cade, embroidered richly with gold flow
er?. The soft vest is of pink, veiled with
gold-dotted mousseline and completed at
the waist with a golden ribbon band. The
sleeves have caps of apple-green silk and
are connected with the flowered sleeve
by gold embroidery. Mousseline frills
are inserted at the elbow and lace ruffles
fall over the hand. The same lace, in a
wider width, is arranged around the
shoulders. Several quite unique gowns
are being worn by Miss Johnstone, Miss
Leechman and Miss Sutherland in "The
Little Genius" now running in London at
the Avenue Theater. Miss Johnstone in
the first act is especially noticeable in a
"Tabard" jacket of white satin antique,
adorned with an applique of cream
guipure. The skirt is of chameleon silk
and has two panels of white satin cov
ered with guipure, and knots of heliotrope
velvet The so-called jacket is a queer
little garment, as it is not shaped at
all to tbe figure and consists of two
pieces of satin, cut so as to pin
on the shoulders, and from the shoulders
it hangs down straight, a small flap and a
button only holding the sides together,
ana this flap comes about two inches
above the waistline. Any one can cut
such a jacket, as nothing could be more
simple; but to be a success it must be of
the very richest fabric and it should be
trimmed with costly lace or the most ex-
quisite embroidery. Besides, only a |
slender, stylish woman should venture to
wear anything so conspicuous.
1 do not in the least care for Miss
Leecliman's frock, which has been espe
cially admired, for the reason that I can see
nothing novel or beautiful in its concep
tion, as tbe plaid silk sleeves have the
same old-fashioned lace epaulettes. Tbe
bodice has a box-pleat of a shot blue and
white silk. The skirt is well cut and of
the same silk as the box-pleat. At the I
neck is a frill and ribbons, dark bine in
color. Bows are dotted about the waist,
giving it a home-made air — far from cred- ;
itable to the well-known bouse which de- j
signed it. The gloves almost, reach the !
elbow, the sleeves being tight-fitting until
met by a small shoulder-puff.
Gorgeous and venturesome is the even
ing gown in which Birdie Sutherland i
makes her first appearance in this play.
It has a skin of pale blue satin embroid- j
ered in red and siiver. Shaded velvet |
'rises applique, the calyx being formed of
steel passementerie. Deep blue velvet
panels are inserted, and these are simply
covered with embroidery in steel and silver.
A silver design with fringe is introduced
just below the waist. The white chiffon
bodice is covered with delicate silver em
broidery. Four chains of pearls form the
sleeves, to the upper one of wnich is
attached a full frill of lace on the left
shoulder, and on the right the frill is less
than half the size, being attached to the
second row and headed with knots of blue •
ribbon velvet. Tbe upper part of the
velvet panels is covered with cascades of J
the creamy lace. The bodice has a deep j
corselet of the velvet embroidered in silver 1
and edged both top and bottom with large j
pearls.
The creamy white suede gloves wrinkle |
very sligiuly on the arm, and only extend
about four inches above the elbow. 1 can ;
imagine that this will be an effective dress
for the stage, and one that may furnish 1
a few ideas for some of our evening frocks, j
but, oh, what dreams and now exquisite i
must be the gowns owned by a French
Duchess. All were designed by the great
est artists in Paris.
'One daffouil-yeUow damask petticoat
and train is adorned v.ith painted and em
broidered irises in their natural colors,
while a colossal iris serves as coiffure, its
velvety petals being incru3ted with dia
monds. A long-trained gown of willow
green satin is covered with Malmaison
roses, veiled by floods of golden tulle,
moired with silver, rubies and diamonds,
forming a regal complement to this poeti- 1
cal toilet Yet another is of swan-like I
whiteness, the material a rich brocade, i
scattered all over with tufts of white mara
bouts and showers of pearls. The diadem
worn with thi3 will be of turquoises and
diamonds, making a stomacher made of
the same stones."
Now that it is correct to have a delicate
perfume linger abont one's belongings—
and when, may J ask, has this not i
been correct?— l cannot 1 suggest anything j
more delightful than orris root, which is so j
exceedingly inexpensive. The powdered
root should be purchased and put in
sachets about your bureau drawers. They
can also be sewn in your frocks. The
genuine attar of rose can be indulged in by
but few at $5 a drop. How delicious it is !
I can almost believe the Persian story of
the humming bird who was said to have
died with deligh t on first alighting en tbe
rim of a vat containing the delicious oil
of roses.
Har\dsome
Specimens of
Fairle Qlass
It isn't but a week or two ago that I
heard of the new kind of glass that bad
just been discovered and put on the mar
ket by Tiffany in New York and now you
i can buy the same novel and beautiful
, ware right here in San Francisco. It is
called fairle glass. I saw yesterday y.
beautiful gem in fairle glass. In color it
was of a warm golden yellow and through
it passed odd fantastic broken lines of
black. lat once desired to own it, but,
alas! it was quite too expensive. There
; were dozens of pieces standing on the
j same table, not any two alike, and a cozy
little room was fitted up with shelves all
round covered with the most marvelous
specimens of glass you can conceive of, all
made here in America, and it is not his
countrymen alone who gaze with wonder
and admiration on Mr. Tiffany's great dis
covery, for all connoisseurs and artists are
striving to find appropriate adjectives to
express their delight.
At home ano abroad many of the great
est museums of the world have purchased
; collections of fairle class for permanent
; exhibitions. Besides Mr. Tiffany has been
made a member of L'Ecole dcs Beaux
I Arts of France and of tne Society of Fine
! Arts of Japan.
Objects made of this glass are not only
! wonderful in color and novel in form but
j they also have other beauties given them
by carving, by cutting through ono layer I
of glass down to one of another color, by !
enrichments of metallic lusters and iri
descent irradiations of scintillating colored j
! lights that rival the most brilliant opal,
I lusters that are far beyond any metalline
effects heretofore obtained.
A small scent bottle looked as though it j
had been fashioned out of a most superb i
agate. It measured about four inches and
was worth $12. Many of the pieces on ex
hibition are coined from rare Greek, Ro
man and Pompeiian models. One stand
for matches looked quite like an ordinary
piece of silver, but as if by magic every
color in the rainbow seemed to pass over
it in quick succession the moment I sub
jected it to an examination.
Every object I saw was worthy of a
I place in or on one's cabinet, and none but
j artists could have so blended colors and
tints, or have so introduced the rarest and
most exquisite of flowers under fairy-like
glazes. Think of all the beautiful" glass
and china you have ever seen or dreamed
about and imagine glasses fit for Queen
Titinia to sip the morning dew from, and
vases worthy to hold the fairest, rarest
blossoms that bloom aud you will have
; some idea of this new achievement in
i glass.
The subject of lamp shades is an inter
esting one for almost every woman, so I
feel called upon to give you the very latest
information concerning them, as it is pre
dicted that the new "lantern" shape will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
CORRECT TENNIS COSTUME
soon drive out the umbrella and pagoda,
although I confess the present style is
prettier and more effective. However, if
the "lantern" shape is the smartest and
latest, our favorites are doomed. At pres
ent silk is principally Used. For instance,
if you wish to make an experimental one,
purchase or have made to order a four
sided lantern shape, those tapering to
ward the base being prettiest; then cover
perfectly smoothly with any shade of silk
you wish. Yellow is always a wise selec
tion, as a touch of it is welcome in any
room, and in quality see that it is good.
Many of the carriages which were used
at the Tsar's coronation were painted
with the most exquisite figures by Wat
teau in his palmiest days. All the state
equipages were gilded and many were
composed of glass, so that the occupants
could be distinctly seen no matter how in
clement the weather.
Among expensive novelties are gold and
silver purses, which hang from jeweled or
plain chains to match. "The purse is sus
pended from the center of the corsage, or
when that is not possible, 'rom the belt
ribbon or girdle, the chains festooning the
bodice." There is also a craze for jeweled
belts and monocles, and the rings now
worn by the smartest women are simply
huge affairs. Bracelets are very chic, be
ing composed of strings of jewels held in
place by threadlike chains of gold. Glo
rious great gems are suspended in the
same way around the throat, and marvels
of the goldsmith's art are the diamond
settings which are so constantly and effect
ively employed. Tinras, slides, collars,
stomachers, ornaments for the hair,
bracelets and rings are of exceptional
beauty; cabochons are in high favor as
mountings of purses, cardcases, fan and
parasol mountings.
Marcella.
StraW Hats
y\re Worn ir\
Lor\dor\ JoWr\
Soft fronted shirts are enjoying great
popularity and are to be had in all colors.
The white are being worn almost exclu
sively for golf and they are certainly the
most fasbionable.
"Him" is still in England, so his bits of
information are, as usual, valuable. In
his last epistle we are informed that "straw
hats are coming in in England, and they
are very high of crown and narrow of
brim; that shirts and ties are subdued in
color, and the inevitable pinks and blues;
the shirts striped, and the ties of cotton or
linen are seen on all sides ; that also the
era of the golf colored stock is at an end,
and that one does not see it in England
nor in Ireland; that blue cheviots and
serges, that grays with greens, that browns
with preens, as 1 have already remarked, !
are the rage, and that we are approaching '
rapidly a conservative state of dress when
bright and glaring hues will be no more,
and men will not resemble itinerant harle
quins or walking parterres of bright-hued
blossoms."
The smartest gloves this summer are
unquestionably gray suede or undressed
kid.
When riding in the park in New York
and at Newport in tba alternoon men wear
ordinary trousers, sti*pj>ed under the or
dinary walking-boot, black cutaway coat
of vicuna, gloves and top hat. In the
morning may be donned the regulation
whipcord and corduroy riding rig.
When driving four-in-hand a gray driv
ing coat with large buttons and a top hat
may be worn, but the afternoon dress is
usually seen, that is to say light trousers,
a black frock coat and top hat
Concerning their clothes the best-dressed
men of to-day are exceedingly conserva
tive.
I a our last yachting season was nearing
[ its close the "half-rater" (writes an East
rn auihority), had found its way into the !
affections of all yachtsmen, who construe •
yachting to mean handling your own boat |
and testing your own nerve and seaman
ship against thnt of the other fellow. This
year the half-rater is to the yachtsman
what the bicycle is to the ordinary citizen.
From seaside, riverside and lakeside come
one of these cries: "We are going to
build," "We are building," or "We have
built." Almost every day a new rater
is launched on the waters of Long Island
Sound, now a regular fleet is bobbing and
nodding up and down. The haif-rater, be
it understood, is built only for racing and
the training and turning out of racing
skippers.
The most expensive half-rater costs no
more, including everything, than double
the price of a first-class bicycle. Again I
quote: "It represents aclassof cheap little
boats, something that two lads or a couple
of bank clerk.s, by clubbing their savings
together, can buy, and, as the craft is not
big enough to carry a professional hand,
can race all summer and extract for
them many bandied dollars' worth of fun
at very few dollars' actual expense. It is
in this democratic cheapness that the con
tinuance and well-being of the half-rater
class lies. A half-rater should be like the
evening dress, which puts the millionaire
banker and his clerk on equal footing for
the time being. Thomas Fleming Day,
the yachting expert, puts the matter well
when he says:
" 'If we sanction or allow the eoing to
extremes in construction so as to run the
expense up into the beyond $500 it will
kill the half-rater in two seasons. There
is but one way to prevent this and that is
to sit down on lead— limit the amount of
weight that can be slung beneath the keel.
Unless this is done the costly fin machine
will make its appearance and the half
rater class will go the way of all classes.' "
It is safe to predict that ere long numer
-1 ous half-raters will De scudding across our
bay ; but there is no need to expatiate, for
every lover ot the water, every true yachts
man, will be impatient to invest in one of
these little $200 craft
When Mr. Stephens designed the dainty
half-rater Ethelwynn, he was acknowl
edged to have beaten the British at their
LATEST COACHING COAT
own game, for they introduced the half
raters to us about a year ago. To give you
an idea of the outlines and construction of
such a craft, it is best to read the descrip
tion of the Ethelwynn from Vogue: "She
is in every respect a pretty craft Her
stern is carried out into a sharp point, her
overhang is used in lieu of a bowsprit and
her counter runs into a neatly shaped
transom. The total weight of the hull is
385 pound or about twenty-four pounds to
every foot of designed load length. The
keel is of spruce, with no stern knee, the
timbers running from end to end in one
clean piece. The transom is of mahogany ;
the frames of steamed rock elm; main
frames of the mast, the bulkheads, natu
ral crooked hackmatack, a wood more
durable in water than the best oak. The
! planking is of white cedar one-eighth inch
I thick, laid diagonally, and one-fourth inch
j mahogany laid fore-and-aft with union
silk between the inner and outer skins."
C. C.
The Comtesse de Castellane looked posi
tively pretty at the fancy-dress ball re
cently given by the Duchess de Rohan in
Paris. The American Countess appeared
as the Marquise de Pompadour as Boucher
represents her; her gown was an exact re
production, very rich and costly. The
gowns at Newport this season are ravish
ingly beautiful. Vogue's correspondent at
this delightful spot so admirably describes
a certain confection that I cannot resist
giving you the description she writes:
'Mrs. O G is wearing for the sec
ond time the gown she christened at the
Chantilly Derby. You are to fancy you
are looking at a very odd and very yellow
lace skirt, a combination of needlework on
lace — a charming design, which is well
built over a yellow taffetas. The
bodice and sleeves are en suite, as sim
ple as possible, quite untrimmed, ex
cept the laces at throat and wrists.
An over - dress of 'Cairo green
twilled foulard gives the gown its cacet.
On the skirt you are to imagine seven
graduated foulard bands descending from
the belt, which, by the way, is only a twist
of much darker velvet on the same shade,
to the hem. Each band is finished on the
bottom by five half- inch tucks. A few
inches below the belt i 3 another group of
five tucks, und several inches below these
is another group of rive more, the effect of
the whole being extremely new and chic.
A double foulard box pleat, tucked cross
wise in groups of three, is laid down the
back of the bodice, and on each side of
the fronts the same tucked effect is carried
out A jabot of lace falls below the double
ruff in front. The ruff quilling is of green
lisse with lace flounce plisse inside. The
hat or turban was such a beauty ! A pe
culiar yellow straw almost smothered in
lilies-of-the-valley, of a kind that are in
greenish bud, with an upstanding green
osprey at the back rising above the yellow
tulle and lily cacbe-peigue. No more
charming toilette could one devise, for be
comingness and that happy milieu of
service for various occasions."
Dainty Movirr\ir\g
QoWrv of Ir\dia Silk
At San Rafael during the past week not
a few pretty frocka were commented on,
but many wonder why a greater number
of mulls and organdies are not worn, for
just now San Rafael is assuredly a warm
and sheltered spot. One young and slender
matron in half mourning looked smart in
an exceptionally fine black India silk cov
ered with very small white dots. The
skirt was absolutely plain and well hung.
jK Schoolgirl's
pretty Gosturrxe
For Gyclirxg
The same correspondent comments fa
vorably op a cycling costume worn by a
schoolgirl not yet out of her teens. It
was. of course, tailor-made, and was com
posed of a tan twilled cotton canvas. It
had at the sides of the skirt fan-shaped
plaits; the only trimming consisted of
match buttons and tabs opposite to each
other for trimming. The cuirasse bodice
fitted closely and was simply stitched and
fastened at the side. The white pique col
lar fitted the shoulders, and besides had a I
rolling collar. A tie of fine mull gave a
smart finish to the neck. Two sets of
white pearl buttons broke the rigidity of
the pique down the front A white Alpine
straw hat crowned the pretty head. A
brown ribbon band encircled it and some
brown quills were at the left side. Tan boots
of the same material as the gown were
well finished with russet leather facings. 1
A pretty belt of white leather and j
brown wash-leather gloves completed an
ideal costume, but how absurd it does j
seem to have had cotton canvas 1
used for such a dress, for we I
all know how it shrinks and shrinks, !
indeed it seems as though each time this
fabric is washed it shrinks a little more,
and it does seem a pity that the school- {
girl should have to give up her fetching |
toilet after its first visit to the laundry. !
Let me suggest that in future she should i
have linen canvas used instead, which has j
first been washed, as she will find it far j
more satisfactory, and, speaking of fabrics ;
shrinkine, reminds me that an old laun
dress told me that goods likely to snrink
should never be put into boiling or very
hot water, as moderately hot water j
answers every purpose and does not
cause the threads to contract But be- j
fore leaving the subject of bicycle cos- j
tumes I must add a few more lines from a
New Yorker: "Whatever costume we may
choose to ride in, the chief thing is to I
avoid all masculine suggestions of shirt
fronts and ties, hats, etc. Nothing is so f
revolting as a woman aping men's attire.
On the contrary, every woman's habit, I
if tailor-made, as it should be, is quite
severe enough in itself, and should be re
lieved by a feminine grace of cravate, or j
hat, or any little clever touch not inappro- :
priate to the occasion. The jewelers are fit
ting up dainty wheelwomen perfect little
cases to bold purse, scent bottle, extra
mouchoir and one or two other conven
iences, if desired. A wheel case, for pro
tecting the machine from injury when I
stored as luggage aboard cars or boats, is |
another sensible contrivance. Name and j
address should be printed in full on canvas
in the same lettering as would be used on
a trunk."
In France the most fashionable women
wear strictly tailor habits and always a
skirt reaching to the shoe tops or ankles,
but cycling is no longer a fad there.
Vulgar and unrefined persons have al
ways, and always will, use common, rank
odors, and no one can supply that delicate
sense which leads its fortunate possessor
to select the most delicate and refined of
perfumes, and let no one imagine that
mustiness or other odors can be disguised
by the use of strong perfumes. Use soap
and water and look sweet and clean at all
events, even if you cannot have a breath
of fresh violets about you at all times.
On account of the "exquisitely subtle
shades" of the fabrics employed in the
composition of our toilettes, fashion has
decreed that the only correct complexion
this season is one of "pure cream with
faintest filterings of pink on cheek and
chin, and lips of liquid crimson." It is
quite interesting, this description, and
further this particular author tells us that
it is now considered "as little short of a
crime to walk abroad with cheeks clad in
the flame of poppies." We at the most
must have no deeper color than "the
heart of an opening blush rosebud." Why.
until now I fancied the heart of a blush
rose was of a bright hue. I have not baen
sufficiency observant evidently, but I
shall investigate at once. Marcella.
The front of the round waist was like that
of a shirt waist and unusually good silver
studs held it together down the front. The
turndown collar was a simple little black
silk affair, daintily embroidered in a vine
like pattern with white silk. The cuffs
were treated in a similar manner. Very
chic was a black serge made with the usual
unadorned ;-kirt and a bodice which, had a
brown linen vest and across it, in military
style, were draped black silk cords. A
round black straw hat with three short
but excellent ostrich feathers, and a roll
of white nioiiHseline de soie about
the crown, suited the wearer admirably.
A certain little air surrounds the Signora
Duse which makes her especially interest
ing, so a few lines concerning her from an
English weekly are worthy of your atten
tion:
"Signora Duse seems to have created a
more favorable impression as regards her
stage gowns in America than she did in
London. One critic discovers that she has
a perfect genius for dress. Perhaps the
great actress has developed this lately ; it
was scarcely apparent when she visited us
last year. In 'Magda,' when playing in
New York, she wore but two gowns. The
one a morning dress of black satin, with
a front of gathered white chiffon. The
long tight sleeves of lace appeared from
beneath a drooping sleeve ot black satin
lined with purpiish pink. Scarfs of black,
lined with pink, hung trom the shoulders '
and knotted at the waist, and fell to the
hem of the skirt. La Duse's evening gown
had a full plain skirt of white moire. The
low bodice was veiled across the front and
round the V-shaped decolletage at the bacK
with yellow lace, which terminated on the
left hip in a bow and long sash ends of
crape edged with lace. The only touch of
color was a large cluster of crimson roses
and foliage. The opera wrap of rich white
brocade was made with huge sleeves and
revers, and was lined with white satin."
At the present moment tnere is a perfect
craze for strawberries at the French
capital, as it is said that lime. Talhen,
who was noted far and near for the purity
of her complexion, always had twenty
Eounds of strawberries crushed in her
atb.
NEW TO -DAT.
«K?feS^>^2 s Wednesday
<y> Bm columns, with
4ss' *x>. Ou tl .
center-draft
■ burner, the
•A- handsome
\LLmI> silk shade,
~h£Sm> with chiffon
'^jMtP^ trimming,
' * x He «pD dv Kind
f* go at $3 75,
1 'i the $6 50 kind
•'l,' at J4 25, the
''^'JfgLi. 1 •'■ ■ Mail orders, ••
Jk hL- with cash in-
. «pKae^^SBSw^^ closed, filled
j» if posted be-
fore Wednesday night. .
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva'
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEIAI & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
/ 27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
22 Geary St., Neap Kearny. 1
The Black Goods House |1
will place on sale during m
the coming week several If
lines of superior makes in |]
BLACK KID GLOVES
WHITE KID GLOVES I
At an unusual reduction |]
from regular prices, with Ij
the object of largely in- |!
troducing their superior H
merit. :V:-t. ||
PI SEE THE VALUES IN P
I BLACK DRESS GOODS! I
H Samples forwarded. Goods sent 0.0. D, 1
§ R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
|| Telephone Grant 518. jj
)ff , .» <^p ".; J makes the whole f am- 6
.fcV'TSyO^Q.'^ ily happy. Send five 9
Viijßfy* y-^^^t'jy two-cent stamps for X
*gf \ . j/ Womankind . three 6
'■&[ '.■■;> "'A .Jjf. months and .receive V
W '^HT FREI: the Woman- X
. 2&lSSbl^^{£ kin( i Cook Book, filled 6
i*> '.....- * with tested recipes 9
rt of practical housekeepers. You'll like X
6 tho paper. It's able, bright and clean. ' 6
Address, WOMANKIND, '- 9
$/ mention this paper.' . Springfield, Ohio. $
<XKHXHX><XKKH>OO<>oo^><X>o<><>o<>6
■K^Q» I¥A B I y r 1 11 'sc'JSfll
scars left; moles, warts, etc, also removed.TO OAKLAND IN A
SUBMARINE TUBE,
A Transportation Proba
bility of the Near
Future.
Carriages Propelled at Enormous
Rate of Speed by Atmos
pheric Pressure.
An Easy and Ccmforlable Method of
Crossing the Bay— For Passen
gers and Freight.
It ia quite a safe pi-ophecy that early in j
the twentieth century the citizens of San
"Francisco and Oakland will look back I
upon the present transportation facilities
across the bay with the same feelings of
wonderment at the slowness of things in
the year 1896 as we now do to the early
ci»YH bfforo steam wh» made to supplant
the sail and the oar. The law of progress
ia ever onward. Some day we or our
children will cross the bay in an instant.
But how? Will it be by flying-machines
or the pneumatic submarine method?
Here prophecy ceases and speculation
begins.
Professor Frank M. Close, in the fol
lowing interesting article, has outlined
for "The Call* readers a brief sketch of
his Ideas of future transportation be
tween San Francisco and Oakland. Be
ing an expert in the department of phy
sical science, Professor Close's contribu
tion to this ever-fascinating subject of
the scientific possibilities of the future
Is not only highly entertaining but con
tains much food for serious thought.
One of the greatest factors in civiliza
tion is a means of transportation. The de
velopment of the world is accelerated or
impeded according as tbe facilities for the
transportation of passengers and freight
are good or bad.
The railroad has proven to be the most
potent agent in the civilization of the
world.
Land transportation has reached a fairly
satisfactory stage. Marine transportation
remains extremely crude, and presents
but slight improvement upon primitive
methods. The sail has been substituted
for the oar, and the steam propeller is
eradoally supplanting the sail, but as yet
marine transportation is lacking in both
speed and capacity, and is under all pres
ent systems continually menaced by delay
and wreckage resulting from unfavorable
and stormy weather.
Not only upon the great highways of
commerce, the bays and culfs and lakes
and oceans, do the necessities of traffic
meet with difficulty of attainment, but
also in the crossing of small bodies of
water, as estuaries and basins. Tbe
vatery expanse between San Francisco
aixl Oakland is an example. It is an im
mense hindrance to the commerce of the
cities upon its opposite-sneres.
To arrive at an intelligent conclusion as
to the best mode of marine transporta- j
tion, it will be necessary to consider the j
objections to existing methods.
Navigation confined to the surface of j
the water has to contend witn unfavorable !
winds and surface currents of water that
not un frequently increase to dangerous
proportions; while the almost continuous
presence of waves forming an unequal
surface adds no little impediment.
The employment of submarine vessels,
funken to a depth below the surface of the
water, and thus avoiding wave action,
would in some respects be a gain over the
surface system, as thereby the deterrent i
effects of unfavorable winds would be |
avoided. There are ro real mechanical •
difficulties in itie way of constructing and
operating a submarine vessel. But the ;
resistance offered by tne dense medium
through which the submarine vessel has
to pass requires the expenditure of enor
xnous power to accomplish desirable sDeed.
Celerity, safety ana certainty are essen
tial factors of perfect transportation, and j
each and all are measurably wanting in
existing modes of marine transportation. I
The submarine transportation of tbe
future will be conducted by means of tubes
or tunnels resting upon the bed of the sea. I
Let us suppose a continuous tube of a
slightly elliptical cross-section, having an '
internal diameter of, say ten feet, with
walls a foot in thicknes*, laid between San
Francisco and Oakland. There would not
be tne slightest difficulty in driving
through the tube, by pneumatic pressure,
a single carriage or a train of carriages at
a very high rate of speed.
Ot what material shall the tube be made?
how shall it be constructed; how shall it
be placed in position?
Chemistry in its work i 3 constantly mak
ing discoveries of the properties of sub
stances. When there shall be found Borne
Etibstance which if incorporated with gutta
percha or other similar material stiall pro
duce a substance that when in the air
shall posses-s a degree of flexibility and
plasticity, and when submerged beneath
the water shall become indurated, as a re
sult of its exposure to the water, then the
whole question will be satisfactorily soived.
Recent experiments already foreshadow
the production of such material.
Granted that such a material is avail
able, then a huge tube or pipe of the de
sired dimensions of cross-section and
length i 3 made and laid, the water being
allowed to flovr into the tube during the
process of laying. The tube, being flex
ible, permits its easy handling. It may—
and perbaps such would prove the better
way— be manufactured on board a vessel,
specially constructed for that purpose,,
and paid out as the process of manufac
ture goes on. The admission of water
into the tube fulfills a double purpose— it
allows the tube to assume its natural
cylindrical shape by equalizing the water
pressure inside and out, and also perfects
the process of induratiou throughout.
Once laid, the tube is allowed to rest at the
bottom of tbe sea for a period of time suffi
cient to complete the induration, when it
is emptied of its watery contents.
It may be one and it rr.ay be five miles
from the surface of the water to tbe bot
tom bed, on which rests the tube. No
pump could possibly be used, nor could
the water be forcibly expelled. But one
of nature's simple laws may be safely re
lied upon to successfully accomplish tbe
desired end. A larjce electric cable, well
insulated, i 8 placed iv the tube at the time
of laying. This cable is severed at the
center of the length of the tube, the ends
of the cable being carried out beyond the
shore ends of the tube. When the period of
induration has expired and tbe walls of the
tube are sufficiently hardened the positive
pole of a powerful dynamo is connected to
one of the shore ends of the cable and the
negative pole of a similar dynamo to the
other shore end of the cable. Electrolysis
(the decomposition of water by the electric
current) at once takes place, and the
water in the tube is separated into its con
stituent elements, and oxygen gas passes
out at one end of the tube and hydrogen
gas at the other, the process of electrolysis
continuing until all the water in the tube
is eliminated.
The tube once free of water, it becomes a
simple matter to fit the interior with proper
carriages and propel them by atmospheric
pressure at enormous speed, and any num
ber of carriages may be en route at the
same time.
Such a system is admirably adapted to
both passenger and freight traffic. Pure
air in abundance is assured, and light
may be readily provided by electric appli
ances. Motion would be scarcely felt by
the passenger, while by means of appro
priately placed wires in the inner wall of
the tube each carriage would be in con
stant communication with outside sta
tions.
The cost of such a tube would be less
than 1 per cent of a modern bridge having
the same traffic capacity.
With such a mode of transportation
across the bay, the passenger for Oakland
from San Francisco would make*his jour
ney in two minutes, aud even greater
speed would be attained in tubes connect
ing America with Europe.
Frank M. Close, D.Sc.
Interior of Passenger Coach for Submarine Railway.
A BAR IN THE PATH
OF THE BANK ROBBER.
Bullet-Proof Plates to Protect the
Cashier.
When the Pistols Are Leveled and
the Order Given to " Shell Out,"
You Touch the Button.
Heretofore it has been an easy matter
for a highwayman to enter a bank, cover
j the cashier with a revolver and compel
{ him to give up the coin. The invention
1 of James L. de Long of Dcs Moines, lowa,
j however, is calculated to do away with
| this— to a degree, at least.
Briefly, the invention consists of an ap- j
I paratus by which the cashier can, by press
. ing a spring, cause a plate of bullet-proof
steel to spring up between himself and the ;
robber.
Of course, in such an apparatus, the
! whole counter must be made to suit it, al
though such changes in no way alter the
outward appearance of the banlc fittings, j
To a person enterine the bank there would j
i be nothing to suggest that the counter was
j any different than those commonly in use. ]
) But a gJance at tbe inside, where the cash
' ier stands, would reveal a complicated ar
! rangement of rods and springs and a big
1 steel plate close up against the woodwork.
The steel plate is the most important
| part of the apparatus. It is made to slide
| in grooves on the counter posts and to
• come down flush with the top of the coun
ter, so that its existence would never be
j suspected.
On botii sides of this steel plate are
springs or weights so arranged that they
can force it upward about three feet. Of
course the plate is not desired in that po
sition all the time and so is fitted with a
i sort of catch and trigger attachment that
wiil hold it when it is pushed down even
with the top of the desk.
In this position the steel plate is in
! much the same condition as a "cocked"
I pistol. But the catches that hold it are, of
| course, made so that some force is required
to release it.
Along the floor on the inside of the coun
ter is a rod that connects with the catches
by a series of joints. When in position,
the rod is a few inches above the floor and i
! resting easily against the catches that hold j
I the plate down.
Should a robber suddenly enter the bank,
the cashier quickly puts his foot on the
rod, which pulls out the catches, releases
! the spring and tbe steel plate flies upward
j like a flash, putting an impenetrable bar- j
rier between them. The springs are made
so sensitive that the plate will work al
most as quickly as the robber could pull
the trigeer of his weapon.
A New Magazine Pistol
Cartridges Concealed in the Handle.
Tea Shots Can Bj Fired Suc
cessively.
A pistol capable of firing ten shots In
succession and almost instantaneously is
the invention of Martin Byer of Worces
ter, Mass. In tbe new firearm the old
"revolver" principle is entirely done away
with and so is the auxiliary barrel fre
quently used. Tbe repeating power is ac
complished by storing the cartridges in
the handle of the pistol, the necessary
space being acquired by lengthening it
very slightly.
Tbe loaded cartridges are put into the
magazine at tbe top of the pistol, and as
each is placed in position it presses on a
spring that has a tendency to force it up
ward. When the magazine is full the
firing-pin and breechbolt are allowed to
slide into place and the pistol is ready for
use.
By pulling the trigger the firing-pin and
breechbolt are moved back to allow a cart
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
A Profile View of the Proposed Submarine Railway Across San Francisco Bay.
ridge to slip upward. By pulling the trig
ger still further the breechbolt moves for
ward and pushes the cartridge into tbe
chamber, at the same time takinz a hold
on the rim. The firing-pin moves back its
full distance until the trigger strikes a pin
that releases it, so that it causes it to spring
forward and discharge the cartridge.
By pulling the trigger again the breech
bolt moves baclc as before, only this time
it pulls out the empty shell and the fresh
cartridge pushes it out at the same open
ing it was put in. The rest of the move
ments are the same as have been described,
and can be kept up as rapidly as the user
is capable of and as long as there are any
cartridges left in the magazine.
To Protect Anima s From F ies.
It Is a difficult matter to keep flies out
of a house and a still more difficult matter
to keep them out of a stable, but the in
vention of Harvey Chenault of Richmond,
Cross Section of Tubing.
A— Electric light -wires. BB— Telephone vires.
Va., seems calculated to accomplish the
purpose, so that horses and cows can rest
in peace.
Mr. Chenault's inventioy consists of
a covered passageway built in front
of the entrance to tbe stable and
so constructed that it will be in
semi-darkness. At the inner end of it
there is suspended a screen of ropes that
will be kept slightly in motion by the cir
culation of air. Just above this there is a
flytrap, placed bo that the iight wilt
strike it.
The New Bicycle Boat That Now Plys on the East River.
[Reproduced from the New York Herald.]
The flies are supposed, after they catch !
the odor of the horses, to start in the pas- |
sageway, but finding darkness move cau- i
tionsly. The swaying ropes frighten them
and in looking for a way to escape they see !
the ray of light coming through the trap, j
It iseasy for them to get in, but impos- i
sible to get out.
By putting screens on the stable-win
dows it is possible to keep the place free
from flies and at the same time there will
be no difficulty to get a horse or cow out
at any time, and the place is sure to be
always well ventilated.
The owl has no motion in tbe eye, the
globe of which is immovably fixed ia its
socket by a strong, elastic, hard, cartila"
ginous case; but in order to compensate
for the absence of motion in the eye the
owl is abie to turn its bead round in al
most a circle without moving its body.
The statistics of life insurance 9how that
in the last twenty-five years the average
woman's life has increased from nearly
forty-two to nearly forty-fix, or more than
8 per cent, while man's life average has in
creased from nearly forty-two to forty
four, which is 5 per cent.
There are 5783 miles of tram lines in
operation in the United States, having
32,505 cars, and employing 70,764 men.
: do not fall to read Thomas Slater's advertise
ment on page 9 for men.
A GREAT AIRSHIP
TO FREE IRE CUBANS
Monstrous Vessel to Drop
Shot and Shell From
the Clouds.
Already Partially Constructed
Will Carry Men and Arms
to the Insurgents,
Supported by Balloons an! Propelled
by Sails— Not a Creature of the
Imaginat on, but a Fact.
"The war in Cuba is sure to last two or
three years longer," wrote President Cis
neros a week ago to a friend in this city,
says the New York Herald, "unless some
quicker agent of destruction is employed
against the Spaniards here. The old
methods of warfare are too slow for the
topography of Cuba. As soon as we re
duce the enemy in one quarter the home
government sends out a fresh installment
of young soldiers to take the place of
those who have fallen victims of the
machete and fever. Any honorable means
of warfare will be gladly hailed as bene
ficial to the Cubans if it is only swift and
destructive and ahead of any means now
at our disposal."
This anjwer has been written in reply to
a representative of a French syndicate now
in New York, who had submitted to the
Constituent Congress at Cubitas a plan to
make war on the Spaniards from the
clouds by balloon. The matter was re
ferred to General Carlos Roloff, the Cuban
Minister of War, and he at once gave
favorable consideration to the scheme of
the Frenchmen. General Roloff, who ib
an expert in the manufacture and manipu
lation of high explosives, thought well of
the arrangements and pians submitted to
him, because he is a firm believer in the
use of balloons for signaling and dispatch
ing messages in war times.
While the Cubans were negotiating with
Captain E. Lagrifoule of Marseilles, who
came to this city about two months ago,
other aspirants for fame and fortune ap
peared in the persons of Dr. Rufus Gibbon
Wells and Senors Morel and Hardinas of
the Junta, who ciaini to have discovered
the secret of navigating a balloon in the
upper regions so as to drive it in any di-
rection they choose. Dr. Wells is so con
fident of the success of his aerial invention
that, he is now attempting to raise $20,000
at St. Louis, where he claims to be well
known, for the purpose of making a prac
tical test of his machine.
I understand from the Cubans who fre
quent the Junta, at 56 New street, that the
invention which finds the greatest favor
is that of an American in the military
balloon corps of the French army, and
which is now controlled by French capi
talists. Captain Lagrifoule, who has i
greatly improved upon the American's air- j
j ship, and who calls it bis balloon, called
upon Allen S. Williams, general manager
of the Newark Cuban festival, last
week, and after showing him tbe plans
of his airship and exhibiting his creden
tials from the proper authorities he tried
to secure the services of Carl Meyer, a
noted balloonist, who made a balloon
ascension at Waverley, N. J., on July 4,
under Mr. Williams' management, and
who has twice crossed Weyler's famous
trocha in Pinar del Rio in an airship of his
j own construction with dispatches from
Antonio Maceo to Jose Maria Aguirre.
Captain Lagrifonle is to begin the con
struction of one of his airships at once in a
secluded grove in Florida. When it is
completed, which will be, so he claims,
within a few weeks, Carl Meyer will pilot
the balloon, or rather the cluster of
balloons, for of such is the ship con
structed, to Cuba.
Thi3 one airship will carry 125 men, 1000
rifles, a half million rounds of rifle ammu
nition, a material from which to make
dynamite and a large quantity of hospital
stores, to be sent out by the Cuban Army
Sanitary Corps.
I saw Captain Lagrifoule when he called
on Mr. Williams at the Market-street
headquarters in Newark, and in reply to
my questions about his project and his
balloon, he said: .
"In this pge of progress there is noth
ing impossible. Some things may look
very difficult to do, but human ingenuity
can surmount all obstacles. The upper at
mosphere is not an unknown region to
aeronauts, who have made a scientific
study of it. Ballooning is a science, like
anything else. The ordinary balloon
crank who ventures into upper space
without knowing the region, generally
ends up with an accident. It is much
safer up there in the cloud region than
down here, because if a cyclone or cork
screw storm breaks down here you are at
its mercy on the earth, while up there we
can see it coming or gathering hours
ahead, and can ride above, in the bright
sunshine, while tbe poor mortals below
are fig n ting for their lives.
•'The balloon in which I propose to go
to Cuba will be the first complete and
efficient airship ever directed through
upper space by the hand of man, and I
am proud to let ihe Herald have a sketch
of it. This is no day dream— it is a scien
tihe fact, and it is going to solve the prob
lem of rapid transit through the cloud
regions. I have everything ready and
shall proceed to build my airship just as
soon as I can conclude some business ar
rangements with the Junta."
The airship is one of the most remark
able things of its kind ever conceived by
an aeronaut. Its chief feature, which ex
cites the greatest wonder, is its extreme
lightness considering its tremendous
strength.
The airship consists of a boat-shaped car
that doe 3 not swing, but is held solidly,
tbough pendent, from a cluster of five bal
loons.
The monster spheres are divided insicio
in sections like those of au orange, so that
if a break- should occur in any particular
place it cannot affect the other parts of the
balloon. Repair pieces are to be carried
in case of accidents. The gas to be used
is something niucii lighter than that ordi-
Exterior of Passenger Coach for Submarine Railway..
AA— Contact springs of electric light circuit. B— Contact spring of telephone circuit.
CCC— Friction rollers. DD—Kubbcr diaphrams.
Cross Section of Submarine
Carriage.
narily used by balloonist?. Its manufac
ture is secret, known only to Captain Lag
rifoule,and is made of chemicals by electric
power. 0
If the gas carriages, or the system of bal
loons, are remarkable, the car, or boat, is
a contrivance still more wonderful. Its
shell is 100 feet long, 50 feet wide across
tbe middle and is 25 feet at its mean
depth. It is built ol aluminum, and is
extraordinary light It is surrounded with
eighteen circular windows or portholes of
clear glass. There are nine windows on
each side, something more than ten feet
apart. A series of long, narrow openings,
closed with aluminum bars, run around
the upper guard wbich runs around the
upper deck of the boat
This marvelous air coach is provided
with comfortable accommodations for 125
men. There is an electrical engine room,
an electrical kitchen and bedrooms, smok
ing-room and an observatory. Tbe vessel
is lighted, heated and worked by elec
tricity. Water is taken from the clouds
and not a spark of fire is used in wonting
A Fly-Proof Stall for Horses and Cattle.
| this monstrous air ship. The balloon
i valves are operated by a system of elec
tric buttons and there is no confusion of
ropes or lines. The observatory is pro
vided with powerful glasses, and while the
operator can ride far above the earth, out
of reach of the longest-range guns known
to military science, he can bring the
enemy's camp close to nis range of vision
and cdn throw dynamite bombs down
upon his adversaries with remarkable pre
cision.
The man in the observatory is the pilot
of the airship. The entire mass of sailing
machinery and men and armament is kept
steadily poised by a steel keel running
along the bottom of the car. It will
require the services of a crew of but five
men to operate this wonderful battle-ship
of the clouds. It is the intention of the
Cubans to destroy the trocha in Pinar del
Rio with it and afterward an attack will
be made upon the Spanish warships as
they ride at anchor in Cuban waters or as
they cruise around the island.
Men and arms will be landed in Cuba
at will without fear of being chased by
either Spanish or Arrerican cruisers, and
the Spanish military camps will be
destroyed in rapid succession. All this is
the belief of the inventor and his friends.
In this way the Cubans of the Junta
believe that a speedy end of the revolu
tion and the independence of Cuba may
be brought about.
The dromedary parcel post service in the
German territories of Southwestern Africa
has given better results than were ex
pected. The dromedaries are adapted to
tbe climate, are not affected by the preva
lent cattle diseases, are not made foot
sore in stony regions, and d<> not suffer
extreme thirst when deprived of water for
a week.
i
QUEER HERBS THAT
PASS FOR TOBACCO.
Busy Brains at Work on Sub-
stitutes for Nicotine.
A Woman's C gar Patent That Can
Be Used in the Pipa or to
Clean the Teeth.
Among the queer things recorded at the |
Patent Office are mixtures designed as j
substitutes for tobacco. Apparently tr.e j
whole vegetable kingdom has been ran
sacked for material to taka the place of j
nicotine in clears, plug for chewers and
fuel for the pipe. There is hardly a fa
miliar herb whose leaves are not called
into requisition. It is no idle tale that the <
potato, the beet, the cabbage and the j
turnip help out the commercial supply of j
tbe weed. For the preparation of these
plants and the imitative doctoring of them
there are numberless ingenious processes.
In speaking o! this matter, a Kearny-
Htreet tobacconist said theother day: "We
have a preparation which, in appearance,
resembles an ordinary plug of tobacco. It
is made up of gentian root, prickly ash
bark, sassafras bark and extract of licorice.
This is quite extensively used now, and
yon doubtless have many frienfis who
you think are chewing tobacco when in
reality they are merely chewing this sub
stitute.
"There are also some simple substitutes,
such as cocoa leaves, bay leaves and many
others, which are largely used. The most
peculiar preparation that I know of is one
for which a woman has secured a patent.
She manufactures cigars of eucalyptus
leaves; and the inventor claims that they
leave a clean, pleasant flavor in the mouth.
She seems to consider this the only ill
effect of tobacco using. This woman in
ventor is prolific in ideas, and claims for
her cigars that they can, if necessary, be
broken up for use in a pipe; that they can
be ground up for snuff, powdered into a
tooth paste, and, with suitable fats, made
into candies and soaps.
"It is not tbe real substitutes that we
fear; we rather favor them. There are a
great many people who have certain dis
orders of the body who should never
smoke. Such persons we advise to stop
the use of tobacco and take to some sub
stitute. What we do object to, though,
are certain preparations which have been
put on the market as tobacco, instead of
substitutes.
French horse meat sells for 3 pence per
pound in Germany. The smoked article
brings 6 pence.
To Protect Ladies' Stint
Excellent Wet Weather Device of an
lowa Woman — Keeps the
Garments Dry.
Debora Owen of Van Wert, lowa, has
come to the aid of her sisters who get
their skirta wet in rainy weather. Her
invention is not a new costume that it
takes nerve to wear, but an extra skirt of
very thin gossamer that can be carried in
a small handbag.
This skirt is so arranged that it can be
put on over the ordinary street dress. On
both sides there are places for tte ankles
and along the bottom a fastening device
to close it. The wearer thus arrayed is
fully protected from mud and slush and
her movements are as free as if she wore
bloomers.
Buttons are the jewelry of China. The
manufacture was originally introduced to
Canton by foreigners, but it has been
allowed to pass almost entirely into native
hands, and last year over 560,000 pounds
of brass buttons were actually exported by
the Cantonese.
Dr. Albert Shaw, tbe sociologist, was
born in an Ohio town which bears the
queer came of Paddy's Kuu,
THE BICYCLE BOATS.
GAINING FAVOR,
Already Many of Them Are
in Use on the Har
lem River.
Their Machinery Simple and
Danger Very Much Re
duced.
Are Easy to Ride and Much Safer
Than a Rowboat. but You Can't
Take Them Home.
It is a curious fact now, considering the
rapid development of the bicycie, that at
its inception it was designed only for use
on the water. The records of tbe United
States Patent Office show an assortment of
queer inventions of tliis character, based
on the idea of the catamaran as to hull,
but having the motive power of the pedal
subsequently adopted in the ordinary
| bicycle of to-day. Engravings of the water
bicycle, representing a man astride of a
framework and saddle speeding over the
water at apparently twenty-rive knots an
hour, appeared in the illustrated periodi
cals forty years ago, says the New York
Herald.
The land cycle at that time was not only
I still unknown— it was not dreamed of as a
means of locomotion. The water cycle was
not a succe-s, the screw propeller not
having been generally introduced. It was
constructed somewhat on tbe principle of
the swan boats that are now the delight
of the little children in Central Park. The •
water wheel was geared to make more
revolutions than the axis of tbe pedal.
The catamaran was of the lightest cou
| struction. No passengers were provided
I for beyond those who worked the machine.
The latter was designed to be both single
and double — the two operators sitting side
by side. It was an English invention, if I
remember rightly.
Tbe invention of the land bicycle, fol
lowing as it did on the heels of the tricy
cle, threw the water machine into obscur
ity and the water wbeel was cast aside as
a sort of exploded experiment, as had
been the flying machine and perpetual
motion. The land bicycle itself was for
| years considered impracticable for any
i really useful purpose, and long after its
j usefulness in everyday life had been dem-
I onstrated its advocates and riders were
! considered "cranks," who ought to be
! sent to the workhouse or incarcerated in
lunatic asylums. From that period to
the present tbe transition has been too
rapU to follow coherently; all the world
j rides a wheel.
So fully absorbed bave inventors become
in the improvement and perfection of the
; road wheel tbat the original object of
water travel has received no attention
! until very recently. Perhaps the spoon
| oar, the cedar shell and the swift steam
1 and naphtha and eiectric launches have
■ contributed to this neglect, These wera
also unknown when the first water bicy
| cle was introduced. But this apparent
i neglect is being atoned for in the recent
I sudden rush of inventors into the field of
| open water. Several practical bicycle
i boats have been invented during the last
few months. Scores of patents in this line
have been applied for at the same time.
It will surprise some parsons to learn
j that bicycle boats of various designs have
j been "scooting" along the Harlem this
I spring, and that more ambitious craft of
! this kind have been encountered on the
! open sound. It may be a still greater sur
i prise to learn that boats of this character
are now under construction which, when
i completed, will dare the dangers of the
i deep sea, and even cross the Atlantic.
But it is a fact. Some of these have al
! ready been successfully tested. They
j all preserve the characteristics of the land
| bicycle and consequently adberj in great
. measure to the design ot the original
water wheel.
The hull is of cedar, the same as tbat o
i the ordinary racing shell. But it is of
j peculiar s .ape, the ordinary hull" being
supplemented by a second and smaller
j hull dropped immediately below the other.
j Into this lower hull, which corresponds to
; the hold of a vessel, the machinery, gear-
I ing and ballast are placed, and the screw
| shaft revolves. The second, or lower hull,
1 not only furnishes room for the machinery
I below the water line, but it thns gives
i j great stability to the boat, which, having
j a short shaft and light upper works, is
practically non-capsizable. The wheel is
thoroughly submerged also and is never
lifted out of the water in a chop sea. The
arrangement of the water-tight compart
ments places the queer craft on the same
footing with tbe lifeboat of the life-saving
service — that is, the weight in the bottom
j and the air chambers above cause the boat
to right itself if capsize! ; and it is impos
sible to sink it without destroying first the
air-tight compartments.
The lower hull has a very sharp cut
water, and also acts as the modern fin
keel in giving the boat steadiness while
under great speed. This vibration and
unsteadiness were the most difficult of
the several problems to overcome.
WEW TO-DAT.
Mo-Ban Ms Kirro.
Lost Force Restored -and
;' Shattered Nerve Power
; •■• ;■;.. ; Quickly Repaired. '; %
The Tobacco Vice - Undermines Vigor
'•* and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
." tion, General Debility Mean
. Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
| ' " Tobacco-using : is '. a' reckless : waste of Ufa
force, money and manhood., .'■■':■ -.--•.
| -, : It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
i and every tobacco-user knows it. ■■.£,."
i •The tobacco-user's nerves are shattered and
1 broken, his life is going out of him, he's losing
bis grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
r nerve tonic in tb'e - world, braces = his -brain,
nourishes his 'nerves, kills nicotine, makes
manhood. Summer smoking shortens life.
: . If you, want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
! weight, vitality— . ; .-..-. <~ - . ...-.'•; .-.
■ If you vint all the time to look, feel and act
' • like a man— : %; -'• , . .;." ; ' ■.; ■ : : ;
i Take No-Tc-Bac! Get a cure or your money
! .back. ; Over 400,000' have been -.cured,. and
millions use No-To-Jsac to regulate tobacco*
| using, or purely for its wonderful-powers as a
j nerve tonic aud stimulant. - i..-. -.'"• v.;.^ . -
! ,It" your nerve and heart action is , weak, no
j matter what the cause, take No-To^Batf.' '•
i - Sold • atid ;■ guaranteed-, by druggists every-
where. '■-: Our ; famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco
I Spit > and ■;■ Smoke * Your Life Away," written
: guarantee and free sample mailed for the ask-
lug. Address Ti>e Sterling Remedy Co.. Qtib
i cago, Monvreftl or New York,
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO STAGE
For the past week theater-goers have
had but little trouble in finding amuse
ment to suit their tastes. Comedy, melo
drama, the legitimate, crand opera and
variety have all been presented, and all
have done well. Full houses have been
reported for every evening and from every
theater, and it would seem as if the pleas
ure-seekers had all found their level. But
San Franciscan audiences are not to be
classified in any such way. T'lemanwho
applauded the climax in "Rigoletto" on
Monday night might have been found be
fore the week was out as one of the devotees
of "Carmen," that play in wbich both
singer and dramatic star bid for popu
lar favor. "Carmen," shorn of its harmo
nies and cnoruses, has been received with
the same interest as the opera "Rigoletto,"
a fact which seems to argue that both
operatic and dramatic taste may abide in
the breast of the constant attendant ; but
then this judgment may be shaken when
the one who applauded grand opera on
Monday and who vowed a second visit to
"Carmen" on Wednesday nightcan be seen
on Saturday night dividing his satisfac
tion between the Orpheum stage and a
glass of beer. The average San Fran
ciscan is an easy as well as hard man to
please.
To say that San Franciscans are not to
be satisfied with inferior work either by
playwright or actor, is no original remark,
but it is also true that the cosmopolitan
character of the City seems to affect the
tastes of the inhabitants even to their
amusements. They are easily pleased, and
while a piece must be good to run well in
this Western city, it need not be aggres- j
sively meritorious unless it claim to be so.
Plays must be up to their posters nowa
days or a wintery reception may be the
result. But when the only claim maiie is
one of fair merit, it is not hard to find a j
house full oi people who will see
what is really good and appreciate
it. In such a case there is not
that criticism against the City which has
often followed the departure of a star
from this coast— the caustic comment
which comes like the climax which has
waited too long — unheeded and derided.
Amusement is what people seeK at the
theaters in the West as* in the East, and it
is hard to find amusement where expecta
tion has been wrought up to the critical
point. It doesn't do, even in San Fran
cisco.
The dramatization of "Carmen" is an ex
periment here, but its appearance has
proved satisfactory. Can it be that some j
ears are so deaf to harmony that Bizet's
music has no charm? That the plot
of "Carmen" taken alone is more delightful
than with the garment of melody in
which the master has clothed it? It
would seem so to see the outpouring of
the populace which is a nightly occur
rence at the doors of the California. Of
course, much has reached here from the
East about the tremendous • suc
cess of the play "Carmen," but
there seems something lacking in it
all. The curtain falls upon scenes as
dramatic as any staged in the opera, but
what is "Carmen" without the Toreador |
song, or the closing choruses which bring
it to a position in opera which it can never
hope to hold in drama? It has a strong
plot to work upon, but it seems to be like
the dramatization of Scott's "Kenilworth"
into "Amy Robsart." It is a piece created
for those who cannot understand the
beauties of the original. But, neverthe
less, it has caught the fancy of even those
whose minds dwell on the tuneful strains
of Bizet's music The plot has, after all,
its lascinations.
The bills for next week are many and
varied. Grand opera is still on at the
Tivoli; the programme changing fre
quently. "Carmen" will run another seven
days at the California. "The Two Es
cutcheons" will be at the Columbia and
Howard P. Taylor's "Irish Inspiration"
will be put on at the Grand Opera-house.
The Orpheum's bill will also undergo a
change and some important additions will
be made out at the Chutes' casino.
The California.
"Carmen," as presented by Frederick
Warde, Rose Coghlan and L. R. Stock
well'a players at the California Theater,
has made a strong impression upon thea
ter-goers, who are attending the perform
ances of the drama in large numbers. In
fact, the piece has caught on so well it is
announced that it will be continued for an
extra week, commencing to-morrow (Mon
day) night. It was at first intended to
bring out Rose Coghlan's "Madame" next
wee&, but the idea had to be abandoned
on account of the heavy demand for seats
for "Carmen," which has certainly made
the hit of the season. There is to be a
special professional matinee of "Carmen"
on Thursday afternoon.
The last performance of the drama will
positively take place next Sunday night,
as extension is impossible on account of
the numerous orders for seats already sent
in for the production of "The Merchant of
Venice," to be put on Monday, July 27. !
Everything about the production will be j
of the highest order, and nothing will De
left undone to make it a fitting perform
ance for the farewell week of the stock sea
son. Mr. Warde will appear for the first
time in this City in his interpretation of
Snyiock, and Miss Coghlan will make her
initial bow in this City as Portia, a role in
which she has already won no little honors.
The regular season of the California
Theater will begin on Monday, August 3,
when will appear the celebrated singing
comedian, Chauncey Olcott, in his popu
lar comedy-drama, "Mavourneen," sup
porteJ by Augustus Pitqn's excellent
organization. Mr. Olcott, since the retire- j
ment of Scanlan. is undoubtedly our fore- I
most Irish actor. He is graceful in ac
tion, of very pleasing personality, and
possesses that peculiar magnetism which
made Fritz Emmet and Scanlan so popu
lar with the public. Besides "Mavour
neen" Mr. Olcott will appear in "The
Irish Artist" and "The Minstrel of Clare."
Columbia Theater.
To-morrow evening the curtain will roll
up at the Columbia Theater upon as ciean
cut and fascinating a play as Sydney
Rosenfeld has ever constructed, which is
saying considerable. The story of "The
Two Escutcheons" is plausible and con
nected, the lines bright and the situa
tions well chosen. Without provoking
any hysterical excitement on the part
of the audience, it attracts close and
attentive interest throughout. Monday
evening also ushers in the "farewell"
week at the Columbia Theater for Miss
Maxine Elliott, as she will remain only for
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday with
the Frawley Company. The many friends
of Miss Elliott will say "farewell" to her
with a feeling of regret. She has fulfilled
all that the East and London has said of
her. She is beautiful, she is charming
and she is a good actress.
There is another treat In store for the
patrons of the Columbia Theaier. On
Thursday, Friday, Saturday matinee,
Saturday nif<ht and Sunday night, Miss
Margaret. Criven will make her reappear
ance with the Frawley Company in
Ouida's masterpiece, "Moths." When it
was first produced at the Columbia The
ater it filled the house to the doors at
every performance and hundreds were
unable to secure seats.
The Columbia has had an excellent
array of plays this season. The ex-
. Mrs. Siddorxs J^lorvumervt to Be UrWeiled.
Sir Henry Irving consented to unveil the beau
tiful new staiue in memory of Mrs. Siddons. the
celebrated actress, which will stand at Paddington
in London. It will he recalled tha: he took an
active part some months ago In the preparatory
work of the movement that will result in the
erection of the statue.
Few people, even those familiar with the history
of the great tracic actress, knew until recently
that her ashes had found their resume place in
that part of the world's metropolis. Paddlngton
i
ceptions have indeed been few and
far between. Society drama has been
its favorite, and has been dished up
in a manner extremely satisfactory to
those who liked lhat sort of dramatic i
pabulum, but "Moths" for the coming j
week will eclipse all previous efforts in
I that line.
At the Orpheum.
The novelty offered at the Orpheum
this week is the Great Biondi, the Italian
who plays a whole opera by himself, im
personating all the characters. This he
does so cleverly that the audience would
1 never suspect but that they had seen at
least a dozen or more different actors on
the stage were they not prepared for it by
j the announcement. He will open his en
! gagement at the Orpheum with a short
J dramatic comedy which he calls "The
I Chameleon," and in which four characters,
I two male and two female, are introduced
j and made the vehicle oy which M. Biondi
i presents his specialties to the audience,
j It is a favorite trick of his to walk off the
i stage at one side in male character, ana to
return at once as a woman in evening
dresn. This he accomplishes ouly by a
method peculiarly his own, and unknown
to any one except his skilled dressers, who
always accompany him.
The Vaidis Sisters aie announced as the
"Qneens of the Air," and it is claimed for
them that they do one of the most daring
aerial acts ever witnessed in any theater
at least that is what the New York World
says of them, while the Boston Herald
says iheir entertainment is the poetry of
athletics. A strong comedy feature is an
nounced in Koss Snow and Burt Clark.
No one who saw "1492." when here last
winter, fails to remember Tatters, the
tramp, and his funny fall from the top of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
a ladder while playing a trombone, /loss
Snow (Tatters the tramp) has since taken
to the vaudeville stage, and with Burt
Clark as a partner they make a great
comedy team.
The "Washburne Sisters will appear in
songs, dances and character im persona-
is noted chiefly for Its railroad station. In the fu
ture It will be known for the beautiful statue of
Mrs Siddona. which will soon be unveiled by sir
Henry frying. The model which tae lat» Ix>rd
Lelghton selected from those sent !n for competi
tion was that offered by M. Chavalliand, the noted
sculptor. The statue will be chiseled in white
mitrble without delay. Chavalliund has produced
a very fine portrait of Mrs. Siddons. He used va
rious portraits of the actress in his studies
and notably the Immortal painting of Sir
Joshua Reynolds, in which Mrs. Siddons
•
tions, and Hugh J. Emmett, the ventrilo
quist, may be loosed to for a clever enter
tainment. These give the Orpheura five
new acts, which, with John Mason and
Manola Mason and other strong cards re
tained from last week, give that house a
popular and attractive bill. Matinees will
be given every Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday.
Tivoli Opera-Home.
The repertoire announced by Gustav
Hinrichs for his season of Italian and Ene
lish grand opera at the Tivoli Opera-house
next week is as follows: Monday, Tues
day, Friday and Sunday evenings,
Thomas' romantic opera in four acts of
"Mignon," with Nina Bertini Humphreys
in the title role; Mnie. Natali as Filini,
the actress; Anna Russell as Frederick,
j the young gallant; Signor Michelena as
Wilhelm Meister; Signor Abramoff as
Lothario, the wandering minstrel, and
Richard Karl as Laertes, the actor. On
Wednesday and Saturday evenings Flo
tow's charming opera of "Martha" will be
given with the favorite crima donnas,
Mme. Natali and Nina Bertini Humphreys,
alternating in the title role.
Thursday evening to commemorate Gus
tav Hinrichs' twenty-fifth anniversary as
a director a special bill will be given, in
cluding orchestral selections from "Han
sel and Gretel" and other works by an en
larged orchestra, and a special rendition
of Leoncavallo's tragic work in two acts,
"Pagliacci," with Nina Bertipi Hum
phreys, Signor de Vries, Signor Michelena
| and John J. Raffael in the principal roles.
jOn this occasion the original orchestra
tion, procured from the composer by Gus
! tav Hinricbs, will be used. Mr. Hinrichs
! gave the initial performance of this opera
in the East about three years ago. For
th« fourth week a magnificent production
of "The Huguenots" will be given, and a re
vival of Balfe's ever-popular opera, "The
Bohemian GirL"
Grand Opora-Honi*.
The return star engagement of the pop
ular young comedian, Emmett Sheridan,
is announced for to-morrow night. He is
to appear in the principal role of an Irish
comedy-drama by Howard P. Taylor, en
titled, "Irish Inspiration." The title does
not convey the fact that this is a story of
Irish life during the last century — one
however, that has thrilled and delighted
audiences throughout the Eastern States.
Irish wit, humor and pathos are in turn
brought into play, the warring instinct not
I being forgotten either, for a duel with
J swords is among its striking features.
The production is to be beautifully
I staged. Among the scenes specially pre
| pared are a moonlit cattle by the sea and a
[ flcured as the tragic muse. Chavallland
[ for fifteen years was a student In the
Kroledes Beaux Arts at Paris. He studied with
PalKDlere, and ten years ago gained the second
Prix de Rome. In 1891 he carried off the honors
and a medal from the Salon, and Is a member of
i the Academy, section dcs beaux arts. The Sld-
I dons statue will be erected on the plat of ground
opuoslie the children's hospital at Paddintcton
; Qnea, and elaborate preparations have been made
i for the ceremonies of its unveiling. — Chicago
I Times- Herald.
cascade of real water with novel light
effocts. Morosco's entire company will
take part in the production.
The Macdonough.
A monster programme will be arranged
for the testimonial which will be tendered
by the patrons of the Macdonough Theater
to the retiring manager, Charles E. Cook,
Thursday evening. Representative talent
from the leading theaters of San Francisco
will participate and many attractive fea
tures have Deen secured. The sale of seats
will begin next Thursday at 9 A. M. A
large number of tickets have already been
disposed of by Mr. Cook's many frieniis.
Theatrical Brevities.
"The Gay Parisians" follow the Empire
Theater Company at the Baldwin.
The great production for this City dur
ing carnival week will be "Tee Prisoner of
Zenda."
There is to be a professional matinee of
"Carmen" at the California Theater on
Thursday afternoon.
There is to be a big Native Sons' benefit
at the California one night during the last
week of the Stockwell company.
Steve Brodie, the famous bridge-jumper,
will bring his play, "On the Bowery," to
the California in the near future.
"The Merchant of Venice" will require
an extensive cast, and Manager Stockwell
has engaged some additional talent of ex
cellent merit.
Rose Coghlan, Frederick Warde and
the Stockwell nlayers will take the produc
tion of "Carmen" on the road atter the
season at the California Theater.
Frederick Warde is preparing the entire
play of "The Merchant of Venice" for
presentation at the California on Monday,
July 27. It will be given in six acts.
T. Daniel Frawley, J. J. Gottlob, Miss
Louise Thorndyke, Miss Alice Evans and
Miss AMce Pixley form a party who will
arrive Irom New York City next week.
Following the double bill at the Colum
bia Theater "The Highest Bidder" will be
presented by the Frawley Company with
eTery member of the company in the cast.
The Empire Theater Stock Company
will be the next attraction at the Mac
donough Theater in Oakland under the
management of Friedlander, Gottlob & Co.
Al Haymen will rechristen Abbey's
Theater the Knickerbocker. He has some
big attractions for that house and intends
to send the best of them to San Francisco.
Wilton Lackaye, Louise Thorndyke,
Alice Pixley and Alice Evans will all be in
the cast of "A Gold Mine" when the
Frawley Company produces that play
at the Columbia Theater next month.
Miss Maxine Elliott leaves for Australia
on the 25th of ihiß month. She will ap
pear but three times ionger at the Colum
foia Theater, Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday nights, in "The Two Es
cutcheons."
On account of the heavy demand for
seats the management of the California
Theater has decided to continue the pro
duction of "Carmen" through all this and
next week instead of producing "Madame"
to-morrow evening.
Miss Margaret Craven will make her reap
pearance with the Frawley company on
Thursday evening next in her favorite role
of Vera in "Moths." There have been any
number of requests for a revival of Ouida's
famous dramatization.
Wilton Lackaye is expected to arrive
here the coming week and will at once be
gin rehearsing at the Columbia Theater
with the Frawley Company in the new
play written for him by Hillary Bell and
Ramsay Morris entitled "The Social
Trust. The play will have an advantage
of fine interpretation at the hands of the
Frawley Company, as it also includes
Louise Thorndyke, Alice Pixley and
Alice Evans.
On July 23 Gustave Hinrichs will cele
brate his twenty-fifth anniversary as a con
ductor in this City. During that time he
has conducted all the important events,
opera seasons, etc., given here until ten
years a-;o, when he was engaged by Theo
dore Thomas to go East. Mrs. Kreling has
tendered him a benefit on his anniversary,
and he has engaged a large orchestra for
this special occasion. As mentioned else
where "Pagliacci" will be the work pro
duced.
"Bohemia," the first play in which
Charles Frohman's Emftire Stock Com
pany will appear at the Baldwin, is said to
possess the cleverest lines that Clyde
Fitch, its author, has yet put into a com
edy. In going back to Henri Murger's
"Vie de Bobeme" Mr. Fitch lias succeeded
in weaving a play success out of material
with which Dion Boucicault and others
failed. The Empire Theater Company
will arrive here in a few days. The com
pany's next season begins with its Bald
win Theater engagement. Besides "Bo
hemia" we are to have during the engage
ment ''The Benefit of the Doubt" and
"The Masqueraders."
Manager W. A. Brady, who returned
from Europe a few days ago, has brought
home some very interesting information.
What he has to say about the craze for
foreign vaudeville performers and the ex
traordinary figures which managers are
willing to pay them to come to this coun
try has a pertinent interest. They are
substantial facts and precise figures that
deserve weighty consideration:
"The extravagant offers of American
managers are turning the heads of the
vaudevillers. Where tliey get $25 per week
in London they ask $300 per week to play
in America. Three minstrels in Paris,
who were virtually picked up from the
streets by the manager of the Ambassa
deur, who got $75 at first and now receive
$90, ask $750 per week to come to America.
Otero, who received $500 when she first
visited America, will get $2000 per week
when she comes over next season. Fou
gere returns at $1000 per week next season,
where she formerly got $150 or $200.
The five Barrison sisters, who receive
$200 in Paris, will get $1750 per week
j in this country next season, and their
fare both ways. Dan L<eno, a very clever
low comedian, who gets the highest salary
on the English vaudeville stage, $625 per
week, and does his turn at five different
halls each night, is coming to America to
do one turn each night, for which he will
receive $1500 per week and his fare both
ways. Anna Held, a French soubrette and
a very beautiful woman, has refused $750
per week to come to this country. She
wants $1000. Her salary over ihere is £40.
"The same is true in other fields of the
business. The craze has spread into all
the details ol theatricals. Americans are
regarded as 'good things' and an easy prey
to foreign performers and managers.'*
Sir Henry Irving, Miss Ellen Terry and
their associates have returned to London
at the close of their very successful pro
| vincial tour. Preparations are already
well under way for the autumn production
at lrving's theater, the Royal Lyceum, of
Shakespeare's "Cymbeline." Alma Ta
dema is designing the scenery, costumes
and appointments for the production.
Minnie Maddern Fiske will star next
season under the management of A. M.
Palmer in a new play.
Those who are in a position to know,
claim that the present venture of Colonel
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
< fffif B *^ N Y ORK OFFICE 42 W. 3°™- STREET.
Gustav y Walter, director general.
OTarrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
T^Tools. Commoucmg Monday, July 20, 1886
THE GREAT EUROPEAN ' MARVEL,
BIO3ST3DI
O3STE-3^[:A.lsr
«flo8»I. i r-A.l_iT.-A.ISr OPERA««*
OOIS^CFA-lTir !
The Greatest Character Transformation Novelty of the Age— OPERAS, MUSICAL SKETCHES
and COMEDY FARCES— Rendered by the ONLY BIONDI. Producing Character Changes
With Lightning-like Celerity of Movement— Also
8 OTHER NE"W A.R,K,I-VA.3LjS ! 8
VAIDIS S^rs, ' aK^SNOWAND GLARK,
VAIDIS SSVips, SNOW AND CLARKr
. Revolving Electric Wheels. Celebrated American Grotesques.
WASfiMiTiIISfERSr LES DONATOS,
Angelica's Greatest. Singing Sonbrettes. The Unlped Clowns.
FOUR I^wA.IS-A.2STOS. COIjIjINS AND COLiLiINS.
MACART'S DOQS AND MONKEYS.
JOHN MASON AND MANOLiA MASON,
■ The Popular operatic Stars. •■-•-• ■■;.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JULY lp.
Last Appearance of the Celebrated ROSSOW MIDGETS.
, '•■ ■ Parquet, any seat, 25c ; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children, 10c. any part. -^
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS. ,
II The Truth is mighty and must prevail I
f AlTr/ftifulA * TO-NIGHT J±T 3.
CALIFORNIA A SUCCESS! A SUCCESS!
C-A.R,IwIEIISr!
MR. FREDERICK MISS KOSE
WARDE COGHLAN
AND L. R. STOCKWELL'S PLAYERS.
EXTRA— PROFESSIONAL MATINEE THURSDAY, JULY 23.
. SPECIAL— Owing to the enormous success of this big production " CARMEX "
WILL BE PLAYED ALL NEXT WEEK. SEATS NOW READY.
MONDAY, x GRAND "SHAKESPEAREAN" REVIVAL,
July 271 MERCHANT OF VENICE
MR. WAKDE as SHYLOCK. MISSCOGHLAN as PORTIA.
b at the .tl I GRAND REOPENING!
BALDWIN MONDAY, JULY 27,
SEVENTH " CHARLES PROHMA.KTS
-;,:;,, EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY!
From the Empire Theater, New York, presenting the Principal
New. York Successes.
CLYDE FITCH'S COMEDY,
BOHEMIA !
As Presented for Over 100 Nights at the Empire Theater.
• •THE COMPANY INCLUDES: ; j :
Viol* Allen, Ida Conquest, Wm. Faversham, J. E. Dodson,
Annie Irish, ' May Robson, Robert Kdeson. Ferdinand Gottschalk,
Mrs. Thos. Whlffen, Jane Harwar, W. H. Crompton, E. Y. Backus,
Ellen Gall, . Kalhenne Malkins, J. E. Finney, Charles Young,
Lottie Nicholl, jaCgffißfci Rose Morris. Walter Day, George Pierce,
Second Week— Monday, August 3 ............."THE BENEFIT OF THK DOUBT."
Third Week— Monday, August 10..... : "THE MASQUERADERS."
All plays Presented with the Empire Theater Scenery and Accessories.
tO- SKATS READY THURSDAY, MUI.Y 33..... REGULAR PRICES
>*r L^;. a ft»ICDLAriDCR.<iOTTU)D« c?* us5C3A.nDt»riMW4"-
y^ST ••wTTvvSjy 1 A DOUBLE ATTRACTION— GREAT
Vv ••^®V. //•• \I \ I \'/Z\ SUCCESSES— READ THE AN-
-, ~£<Z iV^\sfi/ \\ \>i \vj%i NOUNCKMENT!
tbL /(^SstS ' v 'Ck l\! A^cJ \\ X.j-A\&it £ - Farewell Appearance of
SilHfcVm)) kM MISS MAXINE ELLIOTT.
PS/WS&Km^^^^l^r^Mif/t It Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday-
liSlß^mW- THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS"
e^RSw&aJRJSSSSsw -iT '*■ flly Unanimous Request).
t^^^^WM^^^*! Wp/'' NEXT-Reappearance of
lillii&ll^i^A % /f MISS MARGARET CRAVEN.
«siP«sli WC* iif'Vfrcv m/ Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and
ra^i«^' fi Aim W j, Saturday Matinee-
wltlfW I *vk MOTHS!"
\ JF^si<§§Kl| mi AT r• \ X Onld»'s Famous Dramatization. Both Plays
JSr^»*^3rl vf. I / a I" I \ Presented by the Superb
<^^3Y /Ky^/'f\ FRAWLEY COMPANY
»^^w>Ei ! I'/ /• ' ' .In Their Usnal Masterly Style.
"~*~. "TS-L . - \ . Monday, July 27— 'THE HIGHEST BIDDER."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROBCO Sole Lessee and Mana?s;
COMMENCING TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING, JULY 20.
ANOTHER WEEK OF CROWDED HOUSES
Return Star Engagement of the Popular Irish Comedian,
EMMETT SHE3I^IID^.2Sr.
First time here of the Sensational Irish Comedy-Crama, by HOWARD P. TAYLOK, entitled
i INSPIRATION!*
A GLIMPSE INTO THE LAST CENTURY.
LOOK) Waterfall and Cascade of Real Water.
FOR > Duel at the Mill.
THE ) New Music and Songs.
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
THE CHUTES, CASINO iH?F^
EVERr AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
OPEN TO-DAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
?'..'■ /Wonderful Success of Our Performances In the Casino! First time of RYDER and
m CONLON, Acrobats Grotesque! AL. HAZARD, the Worla's Premier Ventriloquist! MISS
M VIOLA SHELDON, Soprano! VIRGINIA AItAGOA, Queen of Wire Walkers! And the
W Marvelous MARLO-DU>'HAAI FAMILY!
* Special This Afternoon at 4:30. ■
BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARACHUTE DROP BY PIIOI'ESSOR ROBERT
• EAKLSTON, THi; EMINENT AtRONAUT.
Admission. 10 Cents. Children. Including Merry-Go-Round Ride. 5 Cents.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MB&. Ilbskstixb Kkkltxs, Proprietor & -\laaae*.-
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. GustavHinbichs.
TO-KTIG-HT.
- LAST TIME—
JS^3S Verdi's Tragic Opera,
:;''RiaOLjBTTOi»-
TO-MORROW EVENING-—
Also Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
• "MiGisroisr."
Tuesday and Saturday,'
"MARTHA."
Thursday Evening, 25th Anniversary Gustav
. Hturlchs' Directorship. •
"i PAQLIACCI"
' And orchestral selections from "Hansel and G re tel"
- Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc
Mapleson, the Imperial Opera Company,
will overshadow all former attempts of its
kind in America. We are to be favored
with the presence of this organization
early next year.
The three big attractions for Hayman's
new house in New York during the coming
season will be Francis Wilson, in his new
opera, "Half a Kint,'," the big production
of Wilson Barrett's success, "The Sign of
the Cross," and the Bostonians.
# utto Safe
Saturday and Sunday, July 18 and 18,
.- \ ENTIRELY NJS tV i'ROtx ; .AJIJIK. .
The Satro Scenic Hallway Has No Equal.
- All Aboard! The first car starts \lB M.
Saturday,' July 18. --• •<-:•
GENERAL ADMISSION-
Adults, lOc-^ — Children, So.
CAL. BASEBALL LEAGUE.
SIXTEENTH AND FOL3OM STS.
■:*: SAN.FK AN CISCOS vs. O AKLANDS.
Game Called Sunday at 2:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 35 CKNTS. LADIES FREE
"WE'RE OFF
FOR THE WRECK OF THE COLOMBIA!
t- The Al B.S. CORONA, Captain Hali* leaves
Broadway Wharf at 9:30 a. M.?^^j^
i' Returns at 5 :3U p. v. - .THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Bank Clearings lo3e .67%.
Wheat dull. Barley weak.
Oats, Corn arid Kye inactive.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans neglected.
Dried Peas nominal.
Coal dull and weak.
While Kugatg a fraction off.
Potatoes and Onions very weak.
Vegetables In good supply.
Butter advanced again.
Cheese and Eggs steady.
Poultry well cleaned up.
Fresh Apricots still higher.
Dried Apricots dull and weak
Berries cheap and plentiful.
Provisions in fair demand. •'■
Hides unchanged.
BANK. CLEARINGS.
Local hank cl earlnes last week were $13,832,271,
against $14,836,742 for lhe same week in 1895,
a loss of .67%.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperntur* for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s ol equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usu»!iy accomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us* ally first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh"n the pressure Is high In th* interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars ol
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
tbe pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHKB BUREAU KKPORT.
■Ujcited States Dkpabtjtkstt of Agkicoi/
tobb, Weather Bureau, San Frajccisco, July
18, 1896, sp. x. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
• Kureka 60. Fresno 104, San Diego 76, Red .Bluff
104. San Luis obispo bO, Yuma 102, ban Francisco
82. Los A ngeles 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 54, and mean 58.
The pressure continues low over . the Pacific
slope. There has, however, been a slight .rise
alone the coast during the past twelve hours. ■ '
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the entire ccrtrntry west" of the Hocky
Mountains. Over he northern half of the PACific
Coast the temperature still continues from 7 to 14
degrees higher than the normal. . • r -
Every station north of California and Nevada
reports a smoky condition of the atmosphere to
night. Rain has fallen at El Paso. Conditions
are favorable for fair weather inland Sunday and
Sunday night and for cloudy and foggy weather
along the coast. -
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, July 19.1896:
Northern California— Cloudy weather along the
coast: fair weather inland: continued high tem
perature in the interior; j light southwesterly
winds: fog on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday morning
on the coast, fair Inland: light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sundar.
Utah.— Fair Sunday; continued high temper
atures.
— Cloudy and threatening weather, es
pecially in the eastern portion Sunday.. -•
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather
with fog in the morning; light southwesterly
winds. Alexander G. Mr A ik.
. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
•pjrw YORK. If. V.. July 18 The traders
bad the market well In hand to-day, bnt the vol
ume of business again showed a falling off, the
sales footing up only 82,400 shares. As on pre
vious days of the week, support was lacking, the
buying for commission-houss account being ex
tremely light. Naturally this works in favor with
shorts and the brokers of a leading bear were the
most conspicuous sellers. London firms bought
Louisville and Nashville and found no difficulty
in executing their orders, the supply having oeen
largely in excess of the demand. | The opening was
firm on higher London cables, bat' subsequently
with Sugar dropped a point, and the whole list
gave way. Sugar's weakness was the result of a
sharp break in raws abroad.
The slump in Snsar led to a general attack on
the railway list, and prices yielded anywhere from
■Vi to 2 per cent. Rumors were current of heavy
gold shipments next week, some estimates placing
the total as high as 84,000,000. Reports of cut
ting by the Illinois Central Id the matter of corn
. rates also bad a disturbing influence. Missouri
Pacific, the Grangers, Tennessee Coal, Tobacco
and Chicago Gas scored the heaviest losses. Spec
ulation closed weak In tone. Net charges showed
losses of V*@ ls /i per cent. The new stocks of the
American ■ spirt. s Company, the successor of the
Distilling and Cattle Feed Company, which
was listed at the board yesterday, were quoted at
6 bid for the common and 15@<!5 for the preferred.
Total sales 92.600 shares. \ 7 ■• ■
Bonds were aetlve and weak. -Sales were $719,
--000. Atcuison adjustment fours fell li/s to 82,
Chicago and Northern Pacific fives certificates
18/ ato :-!BVs. Iron. Mountain general fives 4to 70,
Louisville and Nashville unified lours 3y to 721/.,
Northern Pacific consolidated fives I*4 to 391/2,
do collateral trusts sixes 2 to (K. - .
' Government bonds were lower, and 840,000 cou
pon fours of 1925 sold at 113, 811,000 coupon fives
at 111%. These figures show losses from last
eight of V4OS/s per cent. •
Araln.
FLOCB— Dnll, easier. Winter wheat, low grades
81 70@2 60: do fair to fancy, 82 40@3 40: do
patents. 83 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, »L 40<a2 30:
do straights, 92 9- r &3 40: ao patents, 83 16@4;
low extra. $1 70@4 50: city mills, $3 90: do
patents, 84C&4 ib: Southern flour unchaneed,
easy: rye flour, quiet, easy, unchanged. .
RYE— Easy: Western. S7*4@3Bc
WHEAT— DuII: No. 2 red. 1. o. b., 65c: No. 3
red, 65».ic: ungraded, 66@60c.
Options moderately active and irregular. Closed
steady at Vie decline on lower West and foreign
selling and local realizing. September and De
cember only traded in. July, 62c: August, 62 1 ' 2 c:
September, 62*4: October, 63% c; December.
64 8 ic
CORN— Moderately active: V»c lower, closing
stead y: 1-0. x, B'2%c elevator: SS^ic ofloat. :
Options dull find steady at y*®^ decline, with
trading only locaL September most active. July,
;i^»/ic: September SSV4c: October, 8J«y B e.
OATS— Quiet; unsettled. ' - - m
Options dull, nominally 14c lower. July, 21% c;
August. 21«/«c; beptember, 2lyfcc. ■-
bpot prices- No. _,21%< % :.Na 2 white, 22»/ 8 c:
No. 2 Chicago, 22*/ic: No. .',. 21c; No. 8 white. 22@
22V&C-. mixed We« em. 22Vi<*23c; white do and
White Mate. 24®i:7r. "
FEED BRAN—' o@s2 Vic
MIDDLINGS— 60&6- c «
RYE— Feed, 55c. .
I'rovfslon*.
BEEF HAMS— $14 5001 5. Tlerced beef,
dull; city extra India mess, $11@12. Cut meats
steady; pickled h»!ii(\H, 4%c; do shoulders, , 4©
4y 8 c: do bams. 9@10& V a^N_7ffCßggWW*iW*aMl*
LARD— Still, easy. . Western steam. $4 90; city,
$3 26: September, $3 85; refined, dull: continent.
FIN AM 9- -
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND HEW YORK STOCKS.
Wri EELOCK "& co.,
4 Leideedorff St., Tel. Mala 1954.
BRANCH OFMCK . _^
•88 Market - Bt.,- Palace Hotel. - Tel. Main CB2B
J. S. PUUUY, Manager. :
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations, Keferenoe lit National Bank, S. F. ■■
CEUCAOtt t_JV_vl_; WIU_ iAiAiW. YOUK.I
$4 25; South American, S4 36: compound, 4@
414 c •
PORK -Steady. Old mess, *7 76@8 20: new
mess. $8 50@8 75. ** .
BUT! EH— Stead/. Rate dairy, 10ffll4V 2 c: do
creamery. 13fttl5c: Western rtairy, 9@V-scj do
creamery. 11 Vs'tjilSc; factory. 8©llc; Elgius. 16c.
CHEESK — Slfßdy, quiet. State lance, 6V2©
6S4C: do small, 51/3(^70; part skims, 2@4'^o.
KGf;s— Quiet, B'.eady. State and Pennsylvania,
13V3#14c; Western fresh, ll®13c; do per case,
TALLOW— Steady, City, 8 3-16 c; country, 8®
3v»C ~Tnif"r mi miiffiii 'n^SJiaijHpiUlJ
COTTONSEED OlL—Steady, quiet. Crude, 20c;
yellow, pnmo. 24c; oft grade, 24c.
RE*lN— steady, quiet, btralned, common to
go Mi, $l (a'l 6Ji - •"* • -
TURPKNTINE-Quiet. easy: 24^®2»c.
POTATOES— Heavy receipts, southern, 30@65c.
RlCE— Steady, quiet. Domestic, fair to extra,
3@sV4c; Japan, 4@4y*c.
■1 MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans open
kettle, good to choice. 37@37c.
COFFEE— Steady, unchanged to 10 points down.
August, 811: September. $iO Ml: October, $10;
December. $9 80; March. *9 75; May, s9 70. Spot
Wo, dull, easy. No. 7,-12% c. - ''
SUG AH— Raw, steady, unchanged. Fair refining,
2%e; centrifugals 96 tebi. Mfce Refined, quiet,
unchanged; oft A. 4V4@-l* / %< $>'< mold A, sc:
standard A, 4%e: confectioner*' A, 4%c:'cut
loat 5s /8 c; crushed. ls/»o: powdered, &c; granu
lated. 4^o; cubes, 6c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS:— OId, Dags, BVg@llc: do new.
BVi@9c.
1 CHES— Peeled, ft tb, 13(514c: do unpeelea.
;7Viffißl^(..
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal: 5c
RAIBINS— Two-crown, 3y B @4c: three-crown,
L. M., sc; do four-crowu, L. ii., 51/2 C; do London
layers. $.<ai 05.
HOPS— DuII easy; State, common to choice, a*4j
@7%c; Pacific Coast. 2V4®6V 2 c . : ..?- '■":
WOOL— Quiet.
Merchandise. . . i_l'_'C
Rio IRON— quiet; American, $12 25©
12 50.
COPPER-Easy; lake. *11@1175. . .
LEAD— Easy; domestic, f 2 95.
TIN-Qulet; straits. »13 60; plates, quiet, firm.
SPELTER domestic. $4. *-",
HlliAi.o MARKETS.
CHICAGO, ftT 1 July 18.— Bullish news over
balanced detrimental reports in the wheat market
to-day, but the trading was characteristic of the
Saturday business. The market opened quietly,
and the local trader* took advantage of the dull
ness to sell the market oil. The depression was
aided by the weakness in the coarse grains. Ex
ports from both coasts for the week, however,
were large, 2,963,000 bushels, almost double the
amount forcbe same week last yar. Northwest
receipts for the first time this year were less than
las: years. 240 cars arriving, against 412 last Sat
nrdav and 355 on the corresponding day a year
ago. Canadian advices were that the Manitoba
crop would be reduced on» half, and the Ontario
output the same. Chicago received 262 cars and
inspected out 141.611 bushels. Liverpool cables
were disappointing. Atlantic seaboard clearances
for twenty-four hours were 1.845,889 nushels.
Continental cables were generally hither. Septem
ber wheat opened from 575/ c to 57Vs@57Vic sold
between 578/sC and 66*4 c closing a. 66T'8 ' 8 « c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday
320 cars.
CORN-Tne market was dull and weaker. The
receipts were heavier than looked for, 273 cars,
while 230 were estimated. Withdrawals from
store were very small, 79,99(< Dusheis. which was
a factor In the depression. Liverpool cables were
steady and 14<1 higher. Export clearances were
89,205 busneis. Argentine shipments were 78,
--000 bushels against 80,000 bushels la« year.
September corn opened at -i.iy*c, sold between
•j7i a <-aiid 27c, dosing a: 27c, s + c lower than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for Monday 310 cars.
OATS— Sympathizing with corn the market sold
oS a shade, but there was nothing doing. Re
ceipts w-re 188 cars, and none was taken from
store. September oats c osed tyio under yester
day. Estimated receipts for Momlav 210 cars.
FLA X -steady : ca»b. ties August. 71c; Sep
tember, 7OW<£7lc; December, 72 V2@728/ 4 c: Janu
ary, 73V«(g»7.-(Vs c ' Receipts were 2o cars.
PROVISION -.-Showed little or no recovery
from the depression that has been the characteris
tic tea ure tor a week. Pork was a little stronger
at the close. September pork closed 2^c tiicher:
September lard 2V*c lower, and September ribs
6c lower.
BUTTER— Market unsettled ani featureless.
Creameries-Extras. 14y 9 c; first*, J3<ai4c;
seconds, 10c: Imitations, fancy, 10c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles—
Extra*. 10M>loy 2 e; firsts, 8y 8 (g,0c; packing stock,
»-c: roll, 6<a7c.
KGGs— Market active on smaller receipts. Prices
unchanged.
AIONE* —Was steady at 5@6X on call and e% on
I tim<» loans. New York exchange 91 discount.
.->•;* Closing' Price*.
whkat— July, 65>4c; Sentember, 66% c; De
cember, 59c. •
CORN— July, 26y c; Beptember. 27c: May,
29VjC
OATS— JuIy, 17% c; September. 17Vic; May,
20>4c.
PoßK— September. $6 40: Jannnry 97 27'^.
J.AKD— September, «3 62 V«: January, *3 W2y%.
I.JJJb— bepiaunDer, S3 60; January, 93 67 Vi-
- „. —*■■ ; *-+, Livestock. ■■ ■.-
TKTTOV PTOCKYAKD-». 111.. July 18.— Trad-
Ing was almost at a standstill owing to small ar
rivals. There is an undertone of weakness In the
market. The bog market was firm early, and
closed decidedly weak. The demand for sheep
was light with a good supp'v on han d.
CATTLK — Ktreint*. 600. I htcago choice to
prime, 1300 to 1800 pound steers. 94 20@4»5:
bulls, choic to extra. $2 7503 20: Texas crass
steers, $2 46@3 20; Texas fed steers, $3 lo@3 80;
milKers and springers, per head, $20@37 50; com
mon to fair steers, 93 25@:i 65. -
HOGS— Receipts. 23,uua Heavy paekln* ana
shipping lots, 92 Bf>K3 00: common 10 choice
mixed. S-2 75r_:< 35: ebole* assorted, *3 50&3 65;
light. *3 15(»3 46: pigs. 92 90& a 50. -
bi) Khr- Jhectipis. 250U mienor to caoice,
12i.375: lambs. 9386 26.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
BOSTON, Mass., July 18.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California fruit
as follows: Prunes — Tragedy, 90c<a$l 25 half
crate. Pears — Bartletts, 90c@91 15 per box.
Plums— Norman, 91 75 per half crate; Oregons,
91@1 10: other varieties, 80c@Sl 06. Peaches—
St. Johns 90c per box; others, .'s®bJc.
NEW YORY. N. V.. July 18.— lhe Earl Fruit
Company so d California fruit at open auction as
follows: Prune*— Tragedy, SI 06@>l 30 . per half
crate. Plums— Japan, Bsc@sl 20 per half crate;
peach, 75r@91 20. Peaches— Hole's Early, 60®
85c per _______-"
NKW \OilK. sXOCK.S.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per.' 6i&@6£ ' Bar sliver, 68% c. - Mexican dollars,
53T'.@54T/80. Sterling Exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills ut 84 bo@4 b»Vi for
60 days and 94 t«B*i.@4 89 for demand. Posted
rates, $4 BriV%@4 89^. Government bonds lower;
State bonds neglected: railroad bonds weak.
CXORINO BTOCR«I'
A m Tel * Cable.. . . 91 Norfolk ft Westrn. 6%
Atchison.... 11% Preferred. 11
Preferred. Northern Pacific... 6
Adams Express... .l4s Preferred 13i/j
Alton. Terre Haute 58 Northwestern 93Va
American ExpresslO7 Preferred ....148
American Tobacco. 67 N. Y. Central 92
Preferred 93 N.Y., Chicago* lOVi
Bay State Gas 14% Ist preferred 67
Baltimore Ohio.. 15*/4 Yd preferred 22
Brunswick Lands.. N. V.A N. H. .161
Buffalo, Roch <_ P. 23 N. Y. A New Eng. 37
Canada Pacific.... 59Vii N. «*., Sosq A W... 7Vi
Canada southern.. 43 Preferred......... 18
Canton Land.......' 60% Ontario... llVa
Central Pacific 14 Ontario <fc Western 13 ■
Ches. & Ohio i"V& Oregon Improvmnt ' 2
Chicago Alton. 160 I Preferred ..— - ,
Preferred.. ....... 170 Oregon Navigation 12
: Chicago. B. & <J.... 66% Oregon Short Line. 10
Chicago* E. 111... « 40 Vi 1 Pacific Mall lt»i^
Preferred........ 99 Peoria, D. & Evans %
ChlcagoGas.. 63 Plttsburg <fe W. pfd IS
CleveA Plitsbnrg..l64 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..143
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. ly a
Consolidated Ga5.. 143 Preferred 18
C. C. C. St. Louis 22% Reading... HVi
Preferred. ...80 RioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron. . 17 Preferred 40
Preferred......... 100 Rock Island 66%.
. Cotton Oil Cert .... 9 Rome Wat&Ogdeu. 118 v
Commercial Cable. 15*0 at. L. &S. W 3%
Dei. Hudson 115 Preferred.....'.... 8
Del.Lack&Westrii.l6o SL Pau1............ 71
Denver 4H. tt 12*4 Preferred. ;.12'jy 8
Preferred. 43 1 St. Paul & Duluth. 15
Distillers..... 10«/ 8 Preferred 87
General Electric. .. 22»/g St. Paul A Omaha. 84%
Erie. ......... 18»/s Preferred.... 123
Preferred 81 SL P. M. A M 108
Fort Wayne 183 . silver Certificates. 69*4
(ireat Northern pfd 108 Southern Pacific... 18
Green Bay % Southern R. R..... 7*4
Hxrlem. .. 294 1 Preferred 2iVg
Hocking C0at....;. J^eugar Refinery ....lO}*^
Hocking Valley.... 16Vi Preferred 08
Bomesiake. 3* cm.. Coal <_ Iron, .16
11. 4 Texas Cent... Preferred .„:; 90
Illinois Central..... 91 Texas Pacific 6*/»
lowa Central 6Vi 101.A.A 4 N.Mich.
Freferreo. 2S Tol. 4 Ohio Cent... 30 :
Kansas 4 Texas... 10V*| Preferred......... 70
Preferred Tol.St.Louis4 K.C. -6
Kingston 4 Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie 4 Weatn 14 Union Pad he 6*4
Preferred. 63% U. P. Den 4 Gulf.. . 2-,
Lake5h0re.. ........ 13si/g U. a Coroaee 4 '
National Lead..... 19VS Preferred 7%
Preferred ' 79 a /* Guaranteed ...... 16
Long 151 and.;....„.■. ;....„.■ 73 U. S. Express....:. 40
Louisville 4 Nash. 46V» V.ti. Leather .61^
Louisville Na4Ch 5V»' Preferred......... 49V»
Preferred ...... 13 U. m. Rubber lftS/ 4
Manhattan Consol.. 94 \, 1 Preferred 71Vs
Memphis* Chans. 15 Utlca AB. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... 7 Wab. ». L. A.Fac.. 5*4
Mlcbiga < Central/. 91 \ .Preferred. ... 14^»
Minn A a L.. ...... — ■ Wella-Fargo ...... 9u
Preferred......... . Western Union. ..-. . 7K '
Minn 4 St. Lcora. 14 Wisconsin Central. l«/s
Ist preferred 68 Wheeling 4L. X.. 8> I
2d preferred...... !38 1 Preferred 3t>Vi
Missouri lacifla... 16% Am Cotton Oil pfd .
Mobile* 0hi0..... l«Vi W. U. 8eef......... 68/ i
Neshville* Chatt. 67y Ann Arbor ...;.... 7Vs
Naiional Unseed.. 15V»| Preferred......... 2OV»
N. J. Centra 1...... .. 91 8 Brooklyn Traction. 1.0
N Ol 4.uierican . . . . 3S/ 4 Krio 2d pfd 18
CXOWINO ' BnxD*
ÜB4s.reel«tered;.ip6V«ijMKT2ds.......... 54
Do 4«. coupon.... 107 I Do 4s 78
V B4nnew, regstrdll2 Mutual Union 65.. .114
Do 4s c0up0n....! I*. IN J Cent Oen 55...115 V«
Do •25.....T...... 95 Northern Pao lets. 11 a&/ 8
D055.;......::...u0vi D02d5............i06i^
Lois, coupon.... 11l Doßds..:. ...66
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1896.
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 138
Do 1897. ......... 10J Do deb 8a..V.....109V&
Do 1898 101 J OR&N Ism. 107
Do 1899...... ....100 StL<fclronMtGenss 72
Pacific -is of '95.... StL<_SF Gen 6s. 108
DCB-668 ......... 109%18t Paul Consols. ... 126 Vi
Ala Class A 45..... CO St PC& Pa 15t5... 1103/4
Do Class K4, 55.. 102 I Do Pac Cal lsts..HoMi
LaConsol 45....... 94 . Southern It R 55 ... BMVi
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsts. SI
N Carolina con 65.. 115 Texas Pacific Ms. . 18
Do4s ............ 95 Union Paclsta 98.103 M,
So Carolina 4V a s. 100 West Shore 4s. lo?i/ 4
Term new 3s '73 Mobile A Ohio 4*.. 59Va
Va funding debt... 67 R Grande West Ins K9l/3
Do registered.....— Ches <* Ohio 65. ...100
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 45........ 74
Do trust rcpts st. *; . Do '-Ms A 32V 3
Canada Sou h2d5..103 U H H A tis 101
Ceu Pac Istsof '95. fl9«£ Do2d7s 96
Den &P. G Ist 110 114 Tex Cent . 106 4
Do4s Bl3i Docontts. 103
Erie Vd5. ........... 62 Reading 4S :. 73
Kansas Pa Consols 62 I Missouri t_ 100
Ksful»t3Uendivll2 . ! .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL. '
LIVERPOOL. Kno.. July 18.— spot market
Is firmer at 6s 4d@s *V a d - Cargoes firm at 25s 9d,
prompt shipment.
FUTURES. -~
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s lid: August, 4s lid: September, ii lid: Octo
ber, 4s lid; November, 4s llVid. • . .
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esq., July IB. — Consols, 113y 2 ;
silver, 31\frd; French Rentes. 101 X 77Vic
EXCHANGE AND BULL.ION. '■ '
Sterling Exchange. 60 day5........ — *4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 489Vs
Burling Cables — 4 BB*/4
New York Exchange, sight — 07Va
New York Exchange; telegraphic. — ' 10
Fine Sliver, ft ounce. ..:. — 6874
Mexican Dollars 64 64V4 -
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKK GRAINS.
WHEAT— British bark Doon lakes for Bris
bane 26.638 ctls, valued at $29,190.
I The market exhibits 110 new features. No. 1
93%@95c} choice, 96Vi®97 .i;c; lower grades,
H7i 2 (aiU2i/sc; extra choice for milling, $I©l 10 *
mi. . ■
CALL BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Session'— lo o'clock — December —
200 tons, 9834 c.
Kkoulab iioBNiNQ Sessiox— December— looo
tons, 98»/ic.
BARLK V— Prices tor both Feed and Brewing are
rather weak than otherwise. We quote Feed, 137 1^
@70c ft ctl; Brewing, 75@80c V ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kegulab Mobxino Session— December— soo
tons, 70*4 c.
i>A'l>— Offerings are larger than trade wants
and the market is easy and dull. Milling are quot
able at 85@90c ft ctl: fancy feed, 90@9aV 3 c ctl:
good to choice, 1 /2(*9oc; common 10 fair, 7 - wiVsi@
hOc; Gray, 80®82V§'--: surprise, 95c@$l O-'Vi-
CORN— Neither receipts nor offerinss are very
large, but the market is doll. Large Yellow quot
able at 8834@95c; small Round do, U7y 2 c; White,
77V»@8-Vsc> ctl.
RYE-ls very quiet at 72%@76c ft ctl for old
and 65c for new.
BUCKWHEAT— any offering.
FLOUR AMU Mli.l.viTH'v
FLOUR— Net cash prices aret Family extras,
$3 60@3 70 ?l bbl; Bakers' extras, 8 3 40@3 50;
superfine, $2 76@3.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, «19 50®20:
Cracked Corn, $40 60@21 f> ton.
MILLBTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are ns fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; uraham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour, 3yic; Rice Flour. 7i a c; Corn
meal. 2%@«c; extra cream do, 3y a c: Oa meal, 3c;
Out Groais. 4c; Hominy, 4@4Va c : Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3V*C; Farina. 4V3C-.
whole Wheat Flour, 8c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic; Pearl
Barley, 4V|C; Split Peas, 4^ /4 c; Greeu do, SV4C
%) lb. . .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF"*.
BRAN— *14@15 for the best and $IS@l3 SO 9
ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $15@16 9 ton for lower grades
and $17@18^ ton for the best.
FE/'DSTUFFS -Kotled Barley, $16015 60: Oil
cake Meal a- the mill, »2ii»toii: jobbing, *J'J.
HAY— Though receipts ire liberal, prices are no
lower. Wheat, $7 50<$ll ~t ton; Wheat and Oat,
*7@lof( ton; Oat, «6«H; .Hurley, If 6 6(l(g,8; Klver
Parley. $4 50&5: Altalfa, $5 50@ti 50; Clover,
S6(sß. AW-30@10c bale.
hi HAW-30@10c fH bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Continue inactive and weak. Bayos
$re quotable at 90c@$l % ctl: Small Whites,
81&1 ID v* ctl; Pea, $I@l 26 9 ctl: Large Whites,
?oc@Bl--10 %lctl| Pink, 70@S0o: Keds,sU<fi, 20;
Blacke c. $1 'Js@l 50: Rid Kidney, nominal;
Llm_s, *2(g, > - > 30: Butlers, ifl®l 5.».
Sr.i-D.-— Brown Mils aril Is quotable at SI ftl»@
2 25 « ctl: Trieste. *'.@-' 60 r*<t|; Yellow Mus
tard, gl 4t'o£l 60; Flax, 70(&i 80; Canary, 2«/ 4
$ Ib: Alfalfa, 7i.:><a»V3C "t> £; Rape. 2y c'ffi _•;
Hemp. av 2 c V lb.
DRIED PEAS— BI 25<ai 40 V ctl for N lies and
81 2610.1 45 for Green. These prices must ba con
sidered nominal, as there Is practically no stock
here.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES,
POT ATOES— The market is very sort and heavily
stocked. Garnet Chiles, 60@70c?.ctl: Early rose.
In sacks, 30@60c; Early Rose In boxes. 30&50 c;
Burbank Seedlings. 25@75c ~? ctl for Rivers and
75c@|l for San Leandro.
ONIONS- White are still lower at 30@35c: Red
are being given away to the poor, b in« . nsaiab'c
VEGETABLES— The leading kinds are In am
ple supply and not materially changed. Green
Corn. Ssr<£sl $ sack; Alameda Corn. $1 50
@2 V. crate: Berkeley Corn, B.">c@#l 25 r» crate;
hummer -Squash, l£@2sc for' Ba y; t-^K Plant, 65c@
$1 50 T? bx: Tomato, 75c@*l 50 for Rivers and lib
® 40c for Vacaville; 1 ucuiiii.fr> lv small boxes, 2s©
40c; Alameda Cucumbers,7 sr@*l 25; Asparagus,
~bc(§.!t'2 75; Oreeu Peppers. 2u@soc "t> small box
and tOcfc? 1 "$ larsi- box for Chi.e and 41 -Js(dl SO
for Bell; Green Peas, 60c@$l ft sack for com
mon and lVs@2c fl Ib for Garden; siring Beans,
50c@«l ¥> sack; Oreen Okra, fd;sl 25 ft box;
Cabbage, 46@50c ft ctl: Garlic, !■'<£•-' J /2 o ft lb.
BUTTER, IHHSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER — Prices advanced again yesterday,
Stocks being depleted..
' Cbeaxjcby— Fancy, 18@16Vic; seconds, 15@
15^c lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 14{d>14VCc: good to choice, 18@
13V2C: lowergrades, ll©r_'i/ c.
CHEESE— Is firm, with lighter stocks. Fancy
mild. new Is quotable at 7(3)7', a c V tb; common
to good, 6@6VaC; Cream Cheddar, 9@loc: Young
America, 7@90 fi lb; Western, lOi^llc; Eastern,
ll@l3c.
E.-GS— Are steady, but no hither. Store Eggs,
10@12i^c; ranch Eggs, 13@16V^c; Duck Egg*,
12@13c. _______
POULTRY AND (iAMK.
POULTRY— The market was cleaned up yester
day, receipts being nominal.
Live Turkeys, lD@l7c for Gobblers. 12 V»®l 4 e for
. Hens: young Turkeys, 18@19c; Geese, ft pair, $1
&1 25; Docks, $2 50(a3 50 for o d and 83 60&4 ft
doz for young: Hens. $4 50@5 60; Roosters, young,
86@7: do, old. $4 60@5 fi uoi: Fryers, *<I(q.<l 50:
Broilers, $3(a»3 50 for large and $1 50(32 t>o for
small; Pigeons, 91 26@1 60 si dos for young and
old. . : -
GAME— Nominal. '
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots continue to advance and dealers expect
to get 836 for them on Monday. The canners are
bidding this figure in the country for fancy stock,
leaches are lower, as a grea t many wrapped ones
have been rushed in. Hits continue very scarce.
Bartlett Fears are slow. Crabapples have appeared.
Nectarines are not very much in favor.
Red Nectarine, 60@7&c: White, 3<>«soc f, box.
Peaches, vs(a.7!Sc %* box and 30^65c > basket.
Plums, Ss^76c ft box and 76®80c %* crate. Jap
anese urns, 75<-<j»sl f*, box. ■..-•■• ' •
Apples, 6Uc@Bl V box for Choice and 25@50c for
common. c
: Crabapples, 40@600 box.
Pears. 2&~>60c 1* box; Bartletts, 60@650 ft box.
Apricots, 35(gi75c » box; S26^SO > ton In
bulk for the general run, with sales of poor at 1 2>).
Figs, 35@50c V) box for single and $lfctl 60 V
box for double layers.
. BERRlES— Supplies run very large and low
prices still rule.
Strawberries, $"(34 %> chest for Longworths and
$1 5U@2 50 for lar^e berries.
Raspberries, $2 50@4 ft chest.
BlacKberriPS. 82@2 60 ft chest.
Currants, $2(43 60 '?>■, chest.
a 11 A l'Ks— Varaville Sweet waters and Fontalne
bleaux, 60c@81 V box and $1 >» crate: Thompson's
Heedless from Yunia, — a crate: Black Grapes.
from the same source, Sl@l 25 >. crate.
MELONS— Watermelons, 516^25 * 100. Canta
loupes from Winters, »3@5 t* dozen.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 83@3 76 » box
for Valencia^ ; 1 oor Mazatlan Limes. $5 V box;
Lemons. 81 6C@2 60 for common and 83©4 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, — : Bananas, $1
@2 9 bunch; Pineapples, 81@4 V dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— *',•';*-,
New Apricots are weak and dull at s*ipc Ib
in the sweat-box: 6 1 /4@6yjc f. o. b., coast and 6Vji
@t>Va c Han Francisco.
Quotations o;i the Frnlt Exchange are as follows:
. Cabload Lots— Apples— 1 i'jfiz,2c i' tb ■ for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(_4V^o for evaporated:
Peaches, a@sc and 60 for fancy; Apricots. 2 (s
l /«.c tor prime to choice. — for fancy And io<slic
$> tb for fancy Moorpark; FUs, black, 2Vtc lor un
pressed: Wnlte Figs, 4c in racks: tears. 7c V lb
for ' evaporated halves. sy 2 @6c ti ft> for quarters;
Prunes, 3V«c 9 Ib: Plums, 3Vac f( Ib tor pitied and
1 i/ 2 (g»".'c for unpitteu; ! Nectarines, 3y*@!>c ft S> for
prime to choice ant? 6 Vie for fancy. .
Jobbing Pricks — Evaporated Apples, ■ 4@6c
V- Ib: sundrlPd,l^|@2c; Peaches. 3U@scaud 60
for fancy; peeled In boxes, ViiAc'f ">: Prunes, 3V«c
for four sizes, -; 4Vjc for, 4l)@6o's and ;4C • fur
60@60'«: Apricots, 6@7c for prime to choice.
10@ll for fancy Moorpark: FUs, ' black, BVsi-;
White Flics, :-fa»sc: | Pears, 8c %% rb for evuiioruied
halves and , t@t for quarters: Plums, 3y»<g4c
tor pitted and l@iy 8 c for unpitted; Nectaniies,'
4@sc fi Ib for prime to choice. ■-, ■;■■ ■ ■: --. • -
, RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
0. b, Fresno: I'our-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, none: 2-crown. 2%c "ft lb: seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, l%c; 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V. box; clusters. $1 35@1 60: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25: Imperial clusters. $2 £o@2 75.
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown, ■ loose, none: 3
crown, none: 2-crown, 3V*c f, Ib. seedless Sul
tanas, 4c r> ft: seedless Muscatels, Sc; 3 crown
London layers, 75®90c: clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters. $'.' 60: Imperial clusters. *2 75.
•■ NUl>— Quotatious are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
lie tor No. 1 hard and ll®l.Hc^ tb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. fr(3M i/»c for Languedoc ana
2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing: Peanuts. t<@
6V>c t» lb for Eastern and— —-for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecßiia, 6c for rouich mid 8c for
polished: >i berts, B®9c: Brazil Nuts, 9@loc 9 tt»;
Cocoanuls, #4 60@5 V 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12y.c for bright and B@9o
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@sV^c;
light Amber extracted, 4V%@4 a / 4c; dark amber, Is);
dark, 2@3c > Ib. ■-
BEE.3 W X-25@27VJ|CjMb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers quote previous prices with a moderate
demand. '
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6y»c for
heavy, 7' c i". lt> for light medium. 9@9V*c for
light, lOfallc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Su^ar -cured" Hams, 12@12%c;
California Hams, 10V a @llc H tt>; Mess Beef, $7
M; extra mess do, 88 oo@U; family do, 810; extra
prime PorK, $8t»8 &0: extra clear, $14 V bbi;
mess. 812 50@l» %« bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %4 lb.
LARD— t.as^ern. tierces Is quoted at 6V4c %» Ib
tor compound and bV^c for pare; palls, 7c f> Ib;
California tierces, 4 1f ,4C for compouna and Be for
pure: ha!(-bb!s, 6V*c: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-lb, 7Vic.
COTTOLENE— 6y @S%c in tle«ces and 6Vi@
6%c IMb in 10- tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Quotations show no
change., Heavy salted steers, 7@7V.sC'. culls and
brands, e@tt^c V Ib; medium, tifaCVgC; culls and
brands, s@s^c %* ib: light, 6c; culls and brand*.
So: Cowhides, s(Ss«,<jc: culls and brands, 4@4Vic;
salted Kip. 5c > lt>: salted Calf, ?(g.Sc- salted Veal.
" 6c; dry Hides, 10%® lie; culls and brands, 8@
81 2 c: dry Kip and Ve»i, B@9c; culls. 7c: dry Call,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. UU(s3sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium. 15@
25c: winter, 7@loc: >heepekius,shearlings,lo@lsc
each; short wool, 'Jo@>36c each: medium, 40@
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of ail
kinds about Vac less.
TALLOW— .so. 1, rendered, S@3V4o; No. 2,
■J 1 -L-; refined, 2 c: Grease. 2iAc %i lb.
\v OOL — Hutnboldt and Mendocino, lO@l2o
f> &>; Valley Oregon, 10@llc V tb: do lower grades,
8(g)10c %4 lb; Nevada, fi@9o t* !b: Kan Joaquin and
.-outl-.ern Coast, six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin,.
foothill, goo 1 to choice, 7@Bc: »an Joaquln, year's
fleece, ■l\ 2 (a.6 l 2 <'- northern free, 7(&,9c: do defec
tive. S@t>vic"i* lb.
HOPe>-*@4c i* lb for 189b and li@7i/ 3 c for 1898.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 26; San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 'J41 2 rs'J6i c.
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been seven arrivals from the
Coast mines with If, 915 tons, and one arrival from
Sydney with 3400 tons of Coal. Business In this,
as with other lines, is particularly dull, sales are
light and profits are cut very fine, Of course for
the next three months the consumption of fuel for
borne uses, except for cooking, is almost nil, and as
this is the most profitable branch of the trade, re
tailers and Jobbers are complaining of slack trade.
The steam consumption is of about the same vol
ume as last month, but competition Is so keen that
proms have become mythical. Extensive sinking
of on wells Is becoming general throughout some
of our interior counties, but the yield so far Is suf
ficient to diminish the Coal consumption but very
little. The Corral Hollow output snould be seek
ing consumers in our market about September
next. There h <• marked variance of opinion as to
the uses this Coal is best adapted f> r. . Its analysis
and its appearance would Indicate that is lias fair
steaming properties It will have to be offered I
very low to successfully compete with some Aus
tralian si am grades which aie being offered at
reduced rales tor future delivery. After eleven
weens stoppage of work at the Newcastle collieries,
shipments are being resumed. The best grades of
Australian are In very snort supply here."
Wellington Is quota Ole at $8; New Wellington,
88 V ton: souttin>l<t Wellngton, $7 50 V ton;
beanie. 85@5 60: Bryant. $.".; Coos Bay, 84 60;
Wallsend, *7: scotch, $7 50; Brvmbo, $7 50;
Cumberland, BH@l2 in bulk and $lit@l4in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 bJ; Welsh
Anihraelte, 88; Cannel. $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60: Co«.e.
811@la in bulk and 813 ft ton in sks.
COFFEE— C. Blckfor-'s circular says: "There
is no change in this article, the position of the
market remaining about the same as indicated by
previous 'circulars. Sentiment: among dealers is
entirely adverse and they buy tauiiuusly »nd for
temporary requirements only. . Owing to the io*s
01 the steamer Colombia, a abort distance out from
this port, we have had no arrivals since the 4th
lust- Her < offee cargo . was small, between 1100
and 1200 bags, and may be Dartly or wholly sal- |
vaged in damaged condition. To-day's stock con
sists of 2230 tost* Rica. 314 Nicaragua, 14,671
Salvador, 14,367 Guatemala, 264 Mexican— in all
31,846 bags. Kgatnst 32.134 same time last year.
The steamer City of Sydney with 650 bass is due
about 21st lnst." We quote the market dull and
nominal.
Costa Rica— lßa4@2oy.ic for good to prime: IP®
IBV3C for good mixed with black beans; Id'-^f^a
17 :; v- for fair; 13y 3 @l6y*c fur common to ordi
nary. ■ -. ■ ,-. :• . .
■ salvaikir— l«®l9 ]/ 4C for good to prime washed:
1?y4@17%c V «' for fstr washed: 19Vti®'-0e for
(rood washed ■• aberry: 17@17Vjc for superior un
washed: 163/g@l6VgC for «ood green unwashed;
19^19V4C for KOOd to prime unwashed peaberry. .
Ucaikxau AND Mexican— 2i)V2@'-l J^o for
prime 10 strictly prime washed; 19<gt20o for good
to strictly god washed; 17Vi@lb%c ' for fair
washed: ISi^ie^cfor medium: l4Vt@lsy«c for
ordinary: 12&1 4 c tor Interior to common : 20Vl@
21c tor good to prime washed peaberry; 19@19V*u
for good to prime unwashed peaberrv. .
CANNED t>ALM(i.\ -Hie Alaska ' ackers' As
sociation quotes K«m Salmon as follows: In lots of
26.0U0 enses. 95c «l dozen: 60.000 cases. 93>4c 9
dozen; 75,000 cases, 90c ik dozen, net cash f. a b
ex-sblp. ■
SUUAR — Whites show some change. The
Western Sugar Refinery Company quotes as fol
lows, terms net cash: Cube- and Crushed, ft %'-■: Pow
dered, s^gC: Fine Crushed, 6" c; Dry Granulated,
SV4C; Confectioners' A. 6c; Magnolia A, 4s/ c;
Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4S,i g c: b— lt barrels, 1,4 c
more than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
- SYRUP— lioldtii, In bbls, lie; Black Strap, 10c
"¥ e»J. ________ ;.-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholes— j rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
Hi-.Ki— First quality. sc; second do. 4Vi@434c;
third do, 3V2'o-4c 'p. IL.
VEAL— Large, 4<26c; small, 6@6c * lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6©5% c; Ewe^■4y B @sc
fi &>.
LA.MB-6@Bc « tt>.
POKK— Live Hogs, 3Vi@3i^c « tt. for large and
B*4 :3i/gc for small and medium: dressed do, 4Va
@t«. . . r . . ■ - ->-■'■-:{
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE*
. TOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 31.986.Cheese, ct15....... 24
Wheat, ctls 61.004 Eggs, dos 6,160
Barley, ctls 20,222 aides, no 624
uais, ctls ' 90iPeliH, bdls. S.SOO
Corn. ctl» ....... 1,115 Wine, gals. 65,400
Beans, sks . 44 Leather, r0115. ... 2
Potatoes, sks.... 2,120 Lime, bbls , 240
Onions, bits 700 Tallow, ctls 45
Middlings, sks... 431 Quicksilver. flslc* 28
Bran, s*s 2,144 nalsins. boxes... 900
Hay, ton*. 611 Wool, bis 3
Butter, ctls 116 Broom Corn, bis. 140
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Gallagher to Gustave C. arid Isabel M.
Gallagher, lot on S\V corner of Pine and Webster
Streets, W 27:3 by S 100: gift.
Ellen Mcsiu-rry to Alee A. Lynch, lot on N line
of Filbert street, 87:6 W of Webster, W ay :2 by N
120; *5.
William 11. McLaughlin to Kate M. McLaughlln,
lot on NW comer of Mission and Twenty-sixth
streets, N 2f> by W 117:6; gilt.
Louis and Fanny Braverman to Hani 'l Meyer,
lot on 8 line of Washington street, 117:8 W of
Mon;gomery, W 20 by S 46; also lot on W Mne of
Folk street. 30:6 V» H of Clay, v 78:11 14 by W
81 :6 V- '' 80 101 on sW corner of Sacraminio and
Drumin streets. W 70 by s 45:10; also lot on M
line of Kd(iy street, 211:6 E of Octavla. E 63:6 by
X 120: $10.
James and Maria Flaherty to Oscar Foss. lot on
8E line o Jessie street, 320:6 SW of fourth. SW
18:6 by WE 70: $10.
John X and Ellzaheth Thompson to James B.
and Rosie F. itilniore, lot on NW line of Freelon
street, 256 SW of rourth. SW 20 by .\W 80: $5.
Jhcob and Lina Heyman to Julie J. Sciwartz.
lot (in >X corner of J street and torty-eigth av
tniif, X 57:' iby 8 100: also lot On E line of Fort.
el. hih avenue. 174 Sof J street, S 25 by E 120;
a'so lot on N E corner of X street and Forty-eighth
avenue, X 87:6 by N 1U0; $iO.
I'uiiK.k W. ltlordan to Thomas A. Brett, lot on
NX line of Francis street, 560 .\ W of Mission.
NW 16 by Nk; 100, portion of Academy Tract;
$iO.
hnnnyslde Land Company and California Title
Insurance and Trust company to J. 1). MorelanJ,
lot 7. block 43, Snnnvslde; $10.
same to Michael O'Connor, lot 27, block 48, Sun
ny side; $10.
J.oe[»hW. and Rosalia Mahpr to Daniel T. Fos
ter, lot at Intersection of » linf of f'reilta avenue
ami W line o. lot lorf. Preciia Valley Lands, 8
140 by E 40, being portion of Preclta'Valley lot
106; $10.
Mary T. Tinkham and M. Cooney to Mary E.
Greet , lots 270 to 273, Holiday map A; $10.
Ellen Hyde 10 Annie M. Douohue, lots 272 and
273. same; gift
Mary E. Green to same, same; gift.
I'r-dorlck Theuerkanf to Oeorgo W. Theuer
kauf. lot having a diagonal frontage of 106:6 on
Hernen'.lne avenue with a depin on the easterly
side of 23-j feet, 0:1 the westerly sidfc of 2H6 feet
with a width Of 105 Pert In UM rear, b»lng lot 21,
Preciia Valley Lunds and Bernixl Heights: $10.
Cnaries Walther to Frank Waither, lot on S cor
ner of Sherman and Huron avenues, sjw 160, Bi£
28U, NEI6B NW 322, lots 1 and 2, block 20,
W- st End .Map 2; $10.
J. K. C.arke to .Nellie L. Whe'an, all interest in
estate of Hannah Sullivan, No. 14,672; value re
ceived.
ALAKKDA COUNTY.
M. and An-folma Andreano to Antonio Bruno,
lo' 8. block 679, map of baseball grounis, corner of
Fourteenih aud Cenier streets, uakland; $10
--\niue cuear to Christopher A. Mulvey, lot on N
line of Fourteenth street, 125 W of Grove. W 25
hv N 100. being lot 25, block 47, Oakland: $10.
ti<or-;e and Margaret Latimer to Andrew E.
Jenkins, lot 15, block: 6. Builer Tract, Oakland
Township: $10.
A. C. Freese (administrator of estate of Thomas
Powier) to Felix Marcuse, lot ou E tin* of Mastic
court. 125 Sof Railroad avenue, 8 33:4 by E 70,
Alameda: frß7s.
Felix and fJelflna Marcuse to Samuel McHeury,
same, Alameda; $10.
Benjumln and Margaret Btorman to Blanche D.
Cary (wife of F. GA. lot on N line of Central
avenue 122 Wof Pearl street, W 100. N 328, E
161, S 136, W »1, S 60, E 20, f 140 to beginning.
Alameda; also all real estate within the otat« of
California; $10.
Jo»uua R. Mead (trustee, el al.) to Edward Mul
vlhil , lot on 8 line of Head avenue. 325 W of San
Palilo, W 25 by 6 125.70, being iot 62, Mead Park,
Oakland: $10.
H. P. and Edith A. Hook to Annie L. Manning,
lot ou S line Of East Eleventh street, 178 E of
Twenty-seventh avenue, E 76 by s 100, neins lots
8, 9 and 10. block M. Knowles * Potter subdivi
sion ot Kennedy Tract, last Oakland; $10.
BnilderB 1 Contracts.
Royal Eagle Distilleries Company with Staack A
Grussel, coucreteand cement nnd exterior cement
ing of tour story building on NE corner of Powell
and Ellis streets, De Proese A Meussdorffer, archi
tects; $2950. '
same with W. C.Watson, lathing and plastering,
same, same architects: $3225.
Same with J. O. Grannls * Co., steamfltting, etc.,
same, same architects: $1385.
Same with U. Williamson, plum Ding, same,
same architects: $1725.
same with Georße H. Tay, ventlllating plant,
same, same architects: $636.
Same with 11. Williamson, gasfHtlne. marble
work, sewer, same, same architects; $4U85.
Same with F. Todt and A. S. Peters, ornamental
Iron work, fire escapes, same, same architects;
$935.
Same with Charles F. Schiller, ornamental
cement work, same, same architects; 53 CO.
J. J. Bradley with W. W. Redna ;. to erect a
one-story building on W line of Eureka street. 25
Sof .Nineteenth, W. W. Rednail architect; $1700.
Philip Anspacher with J. -\. Smllie, to erec s.
two-siory building on S line of Broadway, 177:6
W of Ftlimore street, M. J. uou architect;
•6400.
William Bernstein with White Bros., to erect a
two-story frame building on E line of Clayton
street. 635 S ol Frederick, no architect; $2310.
John Simpson with Charles M.. De Pew, to erect
a two-story frame bulldin* on £i line of Vailejo
street. 200 W of Pierce, coxhead A Coxhead ar
chitects: $8051).
Zoologists aver that in a hundred years
the lion will be extinct.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Ju1y. 1896
Su. Mo.
— — TO.I Oil B*l Moon's Phases
1 2 3-4 /fM*st Quarter.
— VS-* July SI.
7 8 9 10 11
, gr\ New Moon.
14 IB 16 17 18 !*? JUl^ 10 -
- : /^\Ftrst Quarter
21 22 23 24 26 V^ July 17.
6 tS
12 13
19 j 20
-v-
-88 29 30 31
M
3tf 27
Fall Moon.
.fi.lv <>A
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Hates of r>«>T>artur« From San FrancUco.
BTKAMKB |ll —fI Hi flllW |
H\||.-t.
| PIK.a.
Tartu ion... 1 squint Bat.. | Julyl9. 9am Pier 2
arcata Portland IJulyiM). 4.P* Pier 24
Corona San Diego..... Jul.v2U.llaM Pier 11
Zeaiandla... Central Amer.jJulyKo.l2M Pier '21
Pomona.... H urn Down j Jnl>-20. 2PM Pier J .
ABianchard Oregon ports.. Jul.v2L.Cpm Pier 13
Doric CHina4JaDan.July3l, . 3pmJPMB 9
Wceos: j Kei Kiver lJuly'2l. 6pm Piar II
Truckee.... t'oos Bay jJuly'Jl. Oceanic
Eurelca.... N«woor: ...... .luly'22, I'au ; Pier 1 L
Rtat«oi Cal t'oriltnil Jul.vj'2. Pier -'1 •
Araco ...... i:oo« j;»v...... ' Jul>-22.1(Jaii ! Pier 13
Wr.iia Walla ■ Vie * P<rt Sna July 9am , Pier 9
Moritiosa Sydney July 23, 2pm Oceanic
santa Ituiiu. I Han Diego..... 1u1y24. 11am ! Pier 11
BvPaui...... Newoor: ...... July« 6. Pier 11
Del .None .. Urars Haroor .1n1y2U..:
Han0i........ Grays Harbor. ! July 2B. 12 M Pier a
Colnmbla... Portland .:.... I Jnly'J7.l«AW i fin 'it \
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
nr ka m ten | - KBnK .■ r . | i»l'k
Weeott. ....... |«C« rtlTer V. July 19
etnt«or cm ! e'ortiana...... . Jul/19
Alice Blanchartl Oregon ports.. ..July 19
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria Pueet. sound ..July 19
Pomona. :... HumDota; uar....... July 19
Progressist Departure 8ay... ....... July 20
China _.... i China and Japan........ ..July2t)
Eureica _.. | Newport ..July '.'o
Progreso Statue July 20
AlcatritE | Yaquinaßay ..July 20
Truckoe... Coos 8ay..... Juv"i)
Mackinaw > rwonw July 31
Araco Coos Bay JulyiJl
North fore ! Uumboidt Bay July VI
SaotaKo*a> »»an Jlieco. .July 22
StPaul..".. i Newport ..:.... July
Umatllla ...... Victoria A Fueec (JounU ..July 24
Col in ma j Portlana luly 24
Del None Grays Har00r..... ....... July 24
t«anot ..„ ray Haroor.... July 24
Cltvof Sydney. Panama July 24
farallon .:.:::: Yaaalna Bay ; ..July 25
Empire Portland July 2s
Orizaba. . . . Mexico. „ July 25
l"r*tc*nt City. .- ' Crescent URr« July 26
Corona ... «an l)i>>^o. ..; - '" ..Inlv-tf
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
T W. Coaut A~n WltonjtTio sitrvkt Tton) ■•
JJri.l.FTl>r PCBLIHHItn BY OFrICIAt. }>.
■ APTHOBtTY Or.THI KITKRISTIWDHXT. ' )
bund'tv, July 19
Pnn rises . 6.011 Moon r1a0a.1....
Sunsets 7.i0 -Wouu s<H» . O.OOAX
.liilv-IK<>o.
I Tiraej Feet Time! Fe« ZiSil Feet 22™f Feet
g|L WJ HW I 'U \V II \V ■ ;
9 1.10 DT2 hTTo
!0 2.25 — U4 9.37 1
11 Ml — U. 9 lU.4U
121 4.14 —1.2 1 ].:!,)
18 5.00 — 1.6 12.15
!4 5.40! — 1.4 '12.64 .
!5 018 —1.1 i I.SO
4.11...»
4.2 1:25
4.H 2.32
4.« 3.3(i
■4.7 4.34 .
. 4.8 5.26
5.U «.ia!
~IT3 6. 00 1 .- 6.0
3.0 7.471 8.2
•H. 5 8.40 6.3
3.5 93. ) • 6.4
3.4 lU/26 6.8
3.2 11.16 ' 6.1
8.1 .....: „....
Noil- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides an given in the left hand !
column, aud the successive tides of the day In Che
order of occurrence at to time. - The second Urn* I
column wives the second tide or the day, the third i
time column the third tide, and the last or nghi I
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except j
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given. are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and thrn the number given is subtractire
from the rtenth elv«>n hv the chimn. •
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbaxch HYPBOOBAPHIC Office. U. 8. N., ">
Merchants' Kxckakok. V '
■ His Francisco. July 18. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraph Htliwa* dropped'
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., al noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
- A. F. Fkchtklkr,
Llpntpnnnt U. S N. in f hTTf.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY, July 18.
Stmr Mexico, Hall. 66 hours from San Diego,
etc: pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins <S Co.
Htmr Crescent City. Allen, H6 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse. to Hobni, Wall & Co.
Ktmr Greenwood, Carlson. 17 noursrrom Green
wood: lumber, 10 L E White Lumber Co.
SATURDAY. July 18.
Stmr Newport, Searle, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
Haw ship Roderick Dhu, Bock, Hilo; J DSpreck
els A Bros Co.
SATURDAY, July 18.
simrOeo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura,
r-imrsi Paul. Downing, •"'an I'efiro.
stmr Newsboy, Fosen. Pigeon Point.
Ptmr City of I'uebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
si mi- Kewpord searle, Panama and way ports.
Rr hark Doon. Hoyd, Brisbane.
Schr Ivy. Ho'land.
.Hchr s Danlelson, Vwrel, Albion.
Schr Coqullle. Pearson, coqullle River.
Sehr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua.
Schr Eva, Klltgard. Tacoma.
Sihr Joiinti Norm, Ra-mussen, Eonoipa
Schr John F Miller. Hanson.
bthr Allen A, Schage, Eureka.
lneci:iiiiio.
POINT LOBOS. July 18-10 p. Ib— Weather,
foggy wind SW: velocity. 16 jiu*i.
Charter*.
The schr Allen A loads redwoad at Eureka for
Hilo; Br ship Antlope, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, Sin 3 i— prior to arrival: schr Alcalde, lum
ber at Port Rlakeley for San Jose de Guatemalu;
bark Carondelet. whe.it and lumbor a-, this port
for Adelaide, lump sum: Chli ship Latonn, lumber j
at Puuet sound for Valparaiso, owners' account; !
schr Metha Nelson, redwood at Eureka for Mel
bourne.
The Leon loads coal at Departure Bay for this
coast ; Br ship SutherlandsLire, wheat at Portland
tor Europe, 28s 3d.
•polci.
June 3-Lat 7 N. long 27 W, Br ship Eurajia, fm
Liverpool for Portland.
l.imnttlc Port*.
FORT BRAGO-Salled July 18-Scnr Moro, for
Han Francisco.
MEN DOCINO— SaiIed July 18— Schr Bobolink,
for san Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed July 18— Schrs Sacramento
and Mary Blnwell, for San Francisco: stmr Scotia,
for Sau Fraucisoo.
ArrivM July 18— Stmr Pcotia, from Rockport.
NKIIALKM — Sailed July 13— schr Free Trade,
for San tranclsco.
Arrived July 17— Schr Coufianza, hence June
28.
ASTORlA— Arrived July lh-^'mr F.mplre, hnc
July 12, via Eureka and Coos Bay; bark Sonoma,
fiom Port Townaend.
Sailed July 18— Bktn Portland, for Redondo:
simr Signal, for Puget Sound.
POINT REYES- Pas-el July 18-Stmr Pasa
dena, from Kan Pedro, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived July 17-Stmr Del
None, hence Jnfy 14
sa.iet! .luly 17— Schr Rub> A Conslns, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— stalled July 18— Ship Samaria, for
San Fran> isco.
FISHERMEMANS BAY— Arrived July I— Sch
Five Brothers, hence Juiv 15.
coos BAY— \mved July 16— Schr Gem. hence
June HO. iuly 18— simr Ara«o, hence July 16.
TATOOSU-Passed July 18-Sc:;r Laura Mad
sen, from Port Blakeley.for San Francisco.
EI'RISKA-Satied Jnly 18— Sparrow and
stui r eoaao a, for San Francisco.
WEoTPOßT— Arrived July 18— Stmr Protec
tion, hence July 17.
foreign Port*.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 18— Stmr Alameda,
I hence June 26.
BRF.MEN— SaiIed July 15 am* passed DnneJ
neis July 17— Ger ship Marie Hnckfeld, for Hono
lulu.
LElTH— Sailed July 17-Br oar* Elliot, for San
Francisco.
Alovemnnta or Tr»n». \U»ti»lo <sm nirt.
NEW VORK-Arrlved July JB-Btmr Scandla,
from Hamburg: stmr Umbrla, from Liverpool.
Sailed July 18 — imt LaNorniandie. for Havre:
stmr Manitoba, for London; stmr Campania, for
Liverpool: stmr vtaasuam, lor Rotterdam; stmr
Persia, :or Hamburg; stinr Halle, for Bremen:
s:mr Kurnessia. f r Glasgow: s'mr Island, for
Copenh»gen and Stettin : stmr Taosmina. for Hull:
simr California, for Marseilles and Genoa.
GENOA — Arrived oul July 16— stmr Kulda.
MOVILLE— Arrived out July 18— stmr State of
California.
SOUTH AMPTON-Salled Jgly 18-S:mrNew
York, tor New York.
HAVRE-Sailed July 18-Simr La Bretagne,
for N'cii- York.
BREMEN | Sailed July 18— Simr Karlsruhe, for
New i ork.
GLASGOW— SaiIed July 18-Stmr Anchorta, for
New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jnly 18-Stmr Frlesland,
for New York.
Importations: ..
CRESCENT CITY- Per Crescent City-810tubs
39 kegs 44 137 bxs butter, ICi glass, 3 cs
meat,. 4 dressed cut yea, 1 bbl lard, 5 kegs leet, 3
pkgsmdse, 1 organ, 1 cs hardware. — M it lumber.
. SAN DIEGO— Per Mexico— 2Bl pkgs mdse, 1 cs
cigars, bS sks 1 lot iron, 631 bxs lemons, 140 pcs
curbing, 12 bxs squirrel poison. 4 bbls olives, SO
car wheels, 12 bxs limes. 2 sks beeswax.
Newport— l2sS aks corn. •- ■ — :\ ■ < ■
Redondo— ll pkgs mdse, 20 bxs oranges, 16 bxs •
lemon*. ■ --■'..
- I.us Angeles via Redondo— -48 pkes mdse, 12 cs
D S backs. 60 tierces lard. 4 ens crockery, 6 cs
screens, 6cs axle grease. . > • .- - j
- Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l 3 pkg<i
mdse, S3 sks popcorn. oObdla salt hides. 10 pkt:s
coffee, 20 bxs lemons.
-ant:» Barbara— l 67 picks rodse, 293 bxs lemons,
4 bx» oranaeg, 7 sks crawfish.
Port Hartord— pkgs mdae. 34 cs eggs, 6 tubs
48 bxs outter, a kegs butter, 4 coops ciuc-eus. 3
coops poultry, 1 keg vinecar. 10 hxs fish.
S-n 1 uls Obispo-U»S sks barley.
. Arroyo Grande— 2l sks beans.
. Nlponaa— 46o7 sks barley.
Santa Marian 309 sks barley, 474 sks oats.
Con«i?nn*«.
Per Creacent City— Hllmer, Bredhoff <t Schulz;
De BernardlACo: F BHalght; CE Whitney A (Jo:
Dodire. Sweeney dt Co: OB Smith A Co; Chicago
Brewery; Enterprise Brewery. Witzel A Baker; 8
B Winning: Hobbs, Wall&Co: Blsnlnger A Co: R
1) Hume: Thomas Loughran; Westeru carb Acid
Gas Co.
Per Mexico— Dairymen's Union ; Wetmore Bros:
MihvauKee Brewery; San Francisco Brewing Co;
Jacob Kd.-l; C Farley <fc CO; DR Allison <fe Co; G X
Marr<fcCo: A Galli Fruit Co; O Klein & Co: Pac
Paving Co; Nasa A boeanecker; Redington &Co;
Goldberg, Bowen 4 Co; Campodonlco <b Malcolm :
L ebeni aum A Co: Levi Spiegel * Co: Wolf Jt Son;
Dalton Bros: Gray <t Barblen; Eveleth A Nash; H
O Green hood; L (Scatena * Co: Phillip* Bros: N H
Walter: J Ivaucovlch A CO; Llevre, Fricke A Co;
Thos Sullivan: H Dutard; M L Noble: W S New
hail: Frauk Wetter; The Wer.helmt-r Co: H Hal
ler; F H Ames: Cert, Schloss A Co: Jacob Pnna;
Alex C-nter; Wirtheimer <fc Co; hotnschtld &Co;
C M Volkman A Co; Pacific Postal Telegraph Co;
SawyerTannlngCo: Baker A Hamilton: A F Nye;
Viking Brewing Co; J A Folder A Co; Walter M
Field; G H T Jarkson; Frederlcksburg Brewery;
Dodge, Sweeney <* Oo : Philadelphia Brewery: A
Levy ik Co; Garcia <t Magsini; American Union
Fish Co; Mlianl <& Co; biandarO Oil Co: Enterprise
Brewery; Brlgham. HoppeA Co; 8 Levy A Co: C
I Fwr eh;: Puyot, Upham & Co; W C Price <ft Coy
j Norton, Teller & Co; HUmer. Bredhoff A^ctiulz; J
W Mci'une; J P Thomas: Sinshelmerßroß; s p
lilllliiK Co; Hubs, Sanders A Co: B v Runl <t Co: C
Jacoi)*on & Co; H Ueckman & Co: Buffalo Brew
ery; Cahn, Nickelsourgit Co;Wlf)«od Brewing Co;
Wbeaton. Breon A Co: Wltxel <fe Baker; Labor Ex
change; Eureka Art Co; Chicago Brewery: L Ben
nessa; Marshall, Teggart A Co ; 11 Klrcbmanu <fc
CO.
I Fbr Lat* Shipping lntfWn*nre. Bm ftntrsMnM Pnqr,.
j OCE AW STEAMSHIPS. 1
FLHT & CO.*S
PACIFIC COAST , - CLIPPER LINE
For San Francisco and All Pacific Coast
Ports. ' ;
FROM NEW YORK:
The Al Clipper Ship.... M. H. MACY
Ameshury. Master. ., -"■-.'■
FROM PHILADELPHIA: -
The A 1 Clipper 5hip.... .........;.. A. J. FULLER
Colcord, Master. ', ■-'."
Insurance effected at lowest rates. '.'.."l.7
For freight apply to FLINT & CO., 68 Broad
1 street. New York. .••::' .i'--' •
I Consignees in San Francisco: J. F. CHAPMAN
1 <fc CO., *2 California street. ■ ; -.'■ ■ ; ;,
IaSTOMAIPORTLANa
$6 Second Class, 112 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTH '.» INCLUDED
Columbia nails:..:.; .".'..'.".T.. July 27. August 6, 16
Bute ot California sails. .Jo!y •-»9, Aiiftis. 1, 11, 2 1
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. x.
GOOD ALL PERK INS A CO.. Ocnl. Stipis.
. V. V. COX.NOit, UPi^ra^A^T.
PACIFIC COAST -TEAflSfllP ; COIPAJI
STEAMER* WILL SAIL'" FROM />««
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as ___£_
j follows: . • , : -.. ; - . .■ • . ~
For Mary Island. Lorln*. Wraiutel. Juneau. Kit-
i llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a. July 3, li
I 18.28 rtu:^. .-1.  ■ -
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.I, Port Town-
send, SeaiUe. Taconia. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Hellinsriiam Bay, Wash.).' 9 a. _.
July 3. .13. .-. . 23. -2*. and every fifth
. day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. f. R. R., at Tacoina with N. P. R. B»,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., al Por: Townseai wita
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Area ta and Fields Landlnc (Ilura-
boldt Bay » sir. Pomona, 2. p. M.. .i . y 5. 8 I*4
16 31 •_' ■■. 2-« and ever/ fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
| Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Sano
| Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. t*au Pedro, Ease Saa
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. »c Jui)
■2, l. In. : >. la, xi. id JO aiii every tourtti day
thereafter. - ; . ,
For San Dleeo, Mopplns only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Sar.ta Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m -Mi y ... *> la. i). M, i:4, •_'- aui every
fourth day thereafter. ;
or bnseuada, San Jose del C.ibo. Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Quay mas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba.
'10 a: m.. In v :•<!!!. a viStnnf eici: month thereafter
TicKet office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
. street. ■■ - . ■ • •_ • ■
yOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen/l Agentt,
■ 10 Market st. San Frauclsoa
OCEANIC S.S. CC. £% days tc
HAWAII, SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU '
NEW ZEALAND, ITh ay
AUSTRALIA. ; \>/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. B. MARIPO-.A sals via HOSOLI LI and
A UCKLA.NU for SYDNEY. Thursday, July 2a
at %p. _--> ■•-. ■ ■ ■ .. .-_. ■;.••;
8. B. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day. August 4 a 10 a. m. Special part/ rates. .
Line to CO JLGA Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. • '- • ••■'.--..
i D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
11 * Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 827 Market «'. an •■-• <■,•->.
* WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BXTVIUI , '
New York, Queen _ Liverpool,
•'.-. -SAILDaEVEItIf >VJ3KK.
CABIN, »60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- js^SSL.
Ing to steamer and accommodations «:i*__2
selected ; second cabin, *• -(W and «4 . - o:Ma]-i..c
an i Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
laud, Scotland. Sweden,. Norway and Denmark
through toisan'Franclsco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may •be . procured
from W. H. AVER Y, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General < 'Dice of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. ■ 'O. W. FLETCHER.
■ General Aajem tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COIPASY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL >S««_
fortntshtly for the West Indies and -^BsSsV
Southampton, , calling en route . at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. !
- Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. • ■
. Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. . First class, f 195; third
class, $9? 60- For further particulars apply to
PARIIOTT * CO., Agents,
. -- : ■ : ana P*li«nrnlft kL
STOCKTON STMMERS
Leave Pier : No. 3, Washington St..
At »i if. Mi Daily, 1 reig.u received up
. - . - to :.{ ) f. _. -- •
tar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
; ■IMfiAJUCKs: -
T. C. Walker, . J. D. P»t»rn.
Mary Garratt. • •• City of Stockton.
• -_ Telephone Main 805. ; . Cat. Kav. liupt. Co
fALLEJO, MARKISLi_D, ;>B_SICIi POE r
COSTA m CKIMKKTT.
STB. SIONTIfEH,O. .
©•fly, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. ' _
and 4 r. _ ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m.. »:30 r. Xi
• bunday— B r. it.
•iV.M.«ily. ■:.. - -. .-', - ' ■ ■-
l_n__ g< __Uaio» X, PUT ».
STEAMER ALYISO,?
For Alviso, San Jose, leaves Pier 1 daily at 10 a. m.
(Sundays ezcepted); Aiviso dally at 7 p. m. (Sat-
urdays excepted). . Freight and ' Passenger. - . Fare
between ban Francl-co . and Aiviso, 50c; to San
Jose, 75c. W. H. SMITH, Agent, Clay St., Pier 1.
J. T. MARTIN, Agent, 20 W. Santa Clara st., San
Jose.
ocgAiT-. STEAMSHIPS:
coMpag.Vie general TRA.\SATLAATIQCS
French Linn to Havr*.
COMPAXY'.SPIER(XEW).42NORTH _*h«_
V, River.' foot of Morton st. Travelers by 4_%_u3E '
iliia line avoid both transit by English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YoriC to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
lirat-ciaM $• tiO: second-class. $116.
I A -.TOUR A INK." Capt. Santelll....May 2* 8 a. x.
LA KORMANDIE.....; .;..„ May •_•„ 8 A. !«.
LA GASCOONE. ... Jn c ■-•(', 7A. M.
LA .no.. - i^iiU .....; July 4. tt a. >c.
LA <.^A^COGNF..... .July 25. 11 a. st
LA Milt A V.DI :.... .... August 1, SA. X.
LA BOT'ROOO Capt. Leb -wif. .June 6, 7 a. -.
«3r i"or further particulars apply to
■■■■,- '„'<•-- A. FORUUr, Agent.
, - No. 380 v iD<t Green. New Yorfc
J. P. FUOAZI A CO Agents. 5 Montgomery
►Venue. .San Francisco. -
- RAILROAD TRAVEL; '
BOVTIIKRN I-*C'IFIC COKfPABTY.
. iraourto SYSTEM.)
Tralmi l*»i»v«* jiiiM nrc «lno t o nrriv« al
- WAN l'lt.iM l». ■ ■-' • >
tSATE ■ - — tntm J»y_T. IS9C. — - * aihivi
'•6:OO.\" Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... - 8»45a
7:<»Oa Atlantic Kiprcss, Og'len aud'Kast..' *«4a»
7xOUa Benicii. VacarilJe, Rurcsjy. Sacra-
msuto, Orovlllo and Redding Tin '
- Dotis ...... '.'... ...,.:...«.•.... \t - «i49p
7:00 a Martinez, Sun Rjtuon, Napa, Calls-,
toga and Santa R05a.............. 6:15p
• SitHl* jN'ilva. San ,I<w6, '.Stoditoii," lono. ~"
' - Sacrameatok Marysville and lle£
V.hiit..... j . 4tl»P
•8:30.v Peters m\<\ Mi1t0n...............;.. •~USr
©:««».» Los Anficlcs Kxpress. Fresno, Santa
~. Barbara and l,nn Ange1e5......... 4i45*
*••«« A Martinez and 5t0ckt0n. ............. 1 1 >•* A
9sO©\VaUcjo . 6:1.1 p
1:00 Nllcs, San Jose and LWermore S:4.la
•l:OOp Sacramento Klvct Steiiiiu'rs •OtOOr
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations r7**»*
4iOoi- Martinez, Ran Kamon, Vallcjo,
. -: Napa, CalUtoga, •Xl Verauo vac. ■
, .Sr.iiLii Kos» 0:13 a
B»nida, Vacaville, - Wooilland,
.V'->'f-4"*- Kuigbts- Landing, . Marysrillb, . '
Orovillu and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4tB»r Niloa, • San Jose, Urevmore and ■'
Stockton .........; 7il9p
4:3*r Slercetl, Berenda, lUymosd (for ■
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11*4--
-osBop New Orleans I'resno.Cakers--
'iclil, Haiita IJarbiira. l.os Angclci,
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
Sast I0»13a
Otdor Santa F« lSoute. Atlaullo Express
forMojaTe ami East IC;l5a
B:OOpValleJo : 1I«13a
O:OOi- European Mad, Oe<leu and Kost.... Oi43a
•CtOOi> Ilaytrartlt*. Nllcaaml Han Jose 7:45 a
|7:0» i» Vallcjo t'*-lfs*
7:OOp Orecon ICzpress, Sacramento, Marys- ' -
-- - vilie, -iteiWing, Portlantl, ruget '
boiiml aiul Kant 10:4.1 a
' SAJTi'A MHZ lUVIsWKN (Narrow <.nucf).
' 17:43 a Santa Crut Excursion. buita Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... }B:o3j>
SilSa Newaik,C« % iili!rvllli:,Siui.li>ao,Fcltoti,.
■ ■ lJoulilcrCroek.Kantti Cruz and Way
- Stations 3i3«p
••:15p Newark, Ce'ii crvUlt-, San Jose. New
Almmlei;, Felton. Boulder Creek,."-- <\^7
Santa Cruz ami . Principal Way
Stations M 1:20 a
|li!sr Newark. San .line and l.ni <!atos.... U'JiaOA
COAST IU VISION (llilnl & Towiispihl Sis.)
*6:43 a Sau .loso ami Way Btatiooa (New
Almauen Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
?7t3o_ Sunday Escurslon for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations }SiS9r
■:15a San .lose, Tres Pimm, Santa Crui, ■
Vacilio Grove, Paso Bubics. Sac ,
I.iiin Obispo, Guadalupe and Prln-
«ipal Way Stations , • 7rt)sp
1»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations 1 1 :»Op
IOtIOA Sun Jc- id Way Stations 5:OOp
I1:.'IOa Palo Alto alitl Way Stations - 3>3or
*!i:3or San Mateo, Mcnlo Park. Sea .loss,
• v '.'■'- * Oilroy, Tres Pinos, Hanta Criu, ■
:■■-, 5-.-.« Salinas,Montercy iunl PaciflcCitiTe »IQ:4Oa
*8::iOi- San Ji»», Pacific Grove and Way
Stations' :.'..". *1;30p
• l:80i« Han Jose Mini Way Stations. , ■•»:«Oa
' .1::K);- Kirn .liiroiiiii! Principal Way Stations "H:J«la
Ot:tor San Jose and Way Htations H::!3a
t11:45i- San .losonn.l Wav Stations..'.; t7ilsp
SAN ■ L_AMIK» A.NO HAYrVAUDs LO»:aIi.
«>U:OOa 1 ' ~ ~~. ( 7:13 a
»:00a I 19:45 a
lo.oot Helrose, Seminary Park, i^tsA
il }.™>* FUc-onnr.S.a Leandro
3:oor • *" and " 4:43p
«:Oop naTwar- 6:l3 *
7:« Op * R:4.lr
3loop i Runs through to Nile*. io%O,
ttll:lSpJ tgromNUes. (, tHa:Oor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
f ram SIS /_IS_SCO— Foot or Market Strest (Slip 8)—
•7:16 ■ : C.PO 11:O0a.u. }l:03 »2:50 t3:CC
♦i:O3 tB:CO "6:o:rji.
rrsnOlSUHD— Foot or Bro«i»«y.— " -«:00 8:00
10:00».M. $1240 »l:00 t3:00 »3:CO ti:CC
'•3:C3I\M. - : . ..: ■ ■
," A for Morning. v .T;;'" P for Afternoon.
• Sumlajrs cxcepteil. " i Saturdays only
'■: { Sundays only. ' •
It Monday, Thursday and Satunlay nights only.
$ Saturdays and Sun'iay3 for Kacta Cruz. '
.' -<J '- «i K-.-.1-— , »-a.i \f~~A . ■ - - — > «-...a r-.,
SM FRMCISCO & JSORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
" Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St. ■
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK BAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 A. _: 12:SJl
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:80 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p.m. ~
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:80, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3130,
5:00, 6:20 p. M. .
■ San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— B:IS. 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. if •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. _ *"
SUNDAY 8-7 fl:jj, 11:10 a. _: 1:40, 3:40,
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Par. sama
schedule as above.
• Lea re I' Tnnffwt Arrive
Ban Francisco. April? San Francisca
Wwk I Sun- D .,^* io _ Snv- I Week"
Days. | bays. "Mtlnatlo-,^ PAYa^ [ Day<^
7:30 am 7:oO am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax
8:30 pk 9:SO am Petaluma, 0:115 pa 10:10 iv
6:10 pm 5:00 P- Santa Rosa-j 7:80 fm 0:15 PX
Fulton, I
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:10 ax
■ Healdsburg, I
Geyser ville, I
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. I 7:30 pm 6:15 px
j Vieia, ' i j
7:30 ax Hoi.land A 10:10 ax
3:30 i-_ 7:30 am . Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
7:30 am „ i ' 10:10 AU
7:30 ax Guernevllle. j 7:30 pm -<*.*a:<^
3:30 px ! ! 6:1& PX
7:80 ax 7:30 am Sonoma 1 10:40 ax 8:40 ax
and
6:10 PX 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm! 6:15 px
7:30 AM|7:3O AMI K ebaatODO i 110:40 ax 1 10:10 AX
B:3opx|s:oopx| fe e°a«topol. [ 6:05 pm, 6:15 px
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skasrgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for -Highland
Springs, Kolseyville, Soda Bay and _akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart etc Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle,
'Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
JTort Bragg, Wsstport, TJsal. Wlllets, vCahto, Co-
— elo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Klreka. I
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
■rates. -'■.-■■• ' * - ' ■■ ■ ■ ■- .
. . On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market, St., Chronicle luiiMtng,
H. C. WHITING. B. X. BY AW,
. ■.. . Pen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic <Ag£r\
and
BAIXiUOAU Jisliili
Trains leave and arrive a: HSbrMB
—arket-Street Ferry. PvPwfl_3
SANTA FETE-PRESS. W&gM
To Chicago via A. & I . Cs£gjKss\£Tl
Direct Line « Viilp'^lV
Leaves every day at 5 p. x., .~<iari>tu<c 1 ulimaa
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern I p.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
an:! bedding and in charge of a porter, run dally
through 10 Chicago via ' Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. - ; .. ■ ■--
■ Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City,' Chlc&ao, Montreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday. >isegjs*jj»s_w
. The best railway from California to tbe East.
New rails, new lies; no dust; interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.' :
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
'- Chronicle ttuildiug.
Telephone Main 1531.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
--: (Via Saasallto Ferry). ..•:.
_"rou 1 Sau Francisco, 1 oninj- ncing June 15, 1893.
. WEEKDAYS. • .--.
For ' Mill Valley and ; San Rafael — 7:00, *Boo
»9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. H.; «1;45, 3:iO, 4:15,
6:16. •6:00. 0:35 r. _. - U - v *
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
days and Saturdays at 11:30 F. if. ■ ■..-. -'-
BUN DA VS.
_"or Mill Valley and Sau Rafael— •B:oo,*9-oa
1 •10:00, 11:30 a. «,;»»!a:Bj, "1:30, »2:15, *4'od
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 T. M. Extra trip to Sausaiitoat
11:00 a. M. , . . -.. -
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. •*I2:SO
T. M. does not run to Mill Valley. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— B :oo a.m.
Saturdays: 9 a. lC'tSuDdavs; 5:10 p. m. weekdays.
For Point Reyes.": Cazadero and way stations-*
§ :00 a. _ Sundays; 1:46 g, it, w_j_(Uts..
3132
( t ■ /> . ■ oo<x><><>ockx><kx><h>o<>o<><>o^^ C 1 ji r* j' s?j i i^S^IS ■'-[>,>>- }
iH FROM manufactory & f J® °J tne entire Mock i
-Mr\^ pllW^lß^\ * ~^t^^^>- ; ' ' —"-^-^r^- of Made=up Goods of the
8 lit Jfjf?^ ,r-^ ' 1 Kraker Manufacturing: Co.rf
j;-: .; ■ WxJl SNjVyQ . I-" -^^m"^^ "^^^^^F I Purchased at 60c on the Dollar, Manufacturers' Cost, . ' j f
I \3Jm \ 2 i^^Vrii' ;;s?ssj?;;;; ar i'b 3r£>~ | In connection with the greatest i
( ?f These half yearly sales of ours are being | BnBBII! " BSIBilBB85 > 6 . . V
- i waited for by thousands of prudent people. | >-9ft|?iiiß iibrsb si i tiia fte S C* \c±€kt*€\\Y% C C^lA J!
1 [ The country far and near is ringing with the | t-t^^ 55?55 D^ 5 ' * ??s 3 ; 9®" g ViCal Clilvv OdlC j
ify good news hundreds of inquiries coming daily o '-^^^^t^dK^T | Ever held on this Coast. !
.by mail. Thousands of customers every day. % v —^^^S^^^S^^M^^ - T - I **.*.- a,_ ' * ;* Ji
! 4 i_T a. • * • v »*. nn^ Jmm a {n.nicr.^ ho*,« o 9 I^^'^ o At this season of the year manufacturers are glad to turn their stocks into money. Knowing «
' f Hotel furnishers and home furnishers have a % W^^^^^^fl" * we have the greatest outlet in California, they turn to us first and make most liberal concessions. The W
U financial interest in SUCh selling— and tO-mor- Z^^^^^^^^^^^^T" . 2 stock that goes on sale this morning is from the KRAKER MANUFACTURING CO. of this city, all {{
row the great Stock Of the KRAKER MANU- X ? * TO HA I P'^ 9 new, fresh from the workmen's hands. Thousands of dollars' worth of standard Muslin wear for
( V FACTU RING CO. Starts OUt at CLEARANCE o 1U nAL.C a. 6 ladies, misses and infants. Aprons, Waists, Neckwear, Fancy Goods, etc., together with a handsome M
I SALE prices. '"^H'^r^T^^ vaHety ° f ° uting suits ' Separate Skirts ' lnfants> Coats and Hats * T °- mo " ow **'"« ce P rices as
i rULLUW int; CKvJWLJ 1 nib WEEK. never before. 444
!F * ' ' ■ — : — ■ --Jh@w : . — — . : : : ' , . ff '
j| DRESS_GOODS.
j1 j| CLEARANCE SALE .HARVEST
Ml THIS 'WEEK FOR WIDEAWAKE
FOLKS.
1 4
( I' BLACK BROCADED SILK, a ArjC
splendid quality for 76e. 191,4 * I
Inches wide, our clearance price. Yard
lIF FANCY TWO-lOKEDTaFFETA,
FANCY T\VO-IONEI>TaFFETA,
sold all season for 75c, large and A QC
II medium designs. 19 inches wide, •IO 1
Ifa to close the lot we offer It at..... Yard j
BLACK BROCADED GROS
I II GRAIN AND BLACK BKO-
I ft CADKD SATIN. tveryyardof
our f 1 and $1 25 stuff. 22 and 24
Inches wide, guaranteed all pure I 7?~S'
I |. silk and best dye, Hale a price •<J
if* for clearance Yard
EXTRA HEAVY BLACK SATIN DrC
iII DUOHEBB, the $1 25 kind, full OO
|H 24 inches wide. Saleprice Yard
THIS SEASON'S CHALLIES, th.
( 4 balance of the stock, colored
I a figures on navy and black "1 OIC
, grounds, 31 Inches, the lot re- X— •£
gardless at Yard
I fit FANCY CHEVIOT, all wool, 36 OCC
Inch, colors of the season, worth AO
50c, clearance price " Yard
] {2 FINE FRENCH SERGE, all wool
40 to 44 inch, never sold for less '
than 50c, tans, browns, modes. OQC
i olive, cadet, myrtle, etc., about £l*J
1 •■ 1100 yards, price to clear Yard
I ' ' —^—
F All of our $1 25 and %1 FRENCH
NOVKLTY IMPORTED SUIT- QQC
§| INGS, this season's goods, made OV
I M for swell folks, altogether at ... Yard
! » DRESS TiIMIGS.
> Extra inducements in our Dress
and Mat Trimming Department.
111 Bonafide reductions of one-third
11 ' 1 to one-half. All this Season's
" I Novelties— Aigrettes, Hat Pins,
( I Braids, Trimmings, etc., etc,.
•■ etc. Ask to see.
!|| HALE BROS. ,
Incorporated!
r 937-943 3VC£%,x*ls.e-t Street.
iii — — —^ -^T» m~ a», ■»■> — *-- i«m ar^ m
ASSESSOR SIEBE
UPON THE RACK,
Sharp Contest Before the
Board of Super
visors.
GRAND JURY AFTER HIM
Hints of Jugglery in the Valua
tion of Spring Valley
Property.
THE PEOCESS EXPLAINED.
Assertion That $1,900,000 of Central
Gaslight Stock Is Not on
the Ro'l.
A delegation from the Grand Jury con
sisting of alert, active business men of
affairs met Assessor Siebe and Chief
Deputy Herzer in open session of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday morning.
The meeting was not unexpected. The
members of the Grand Jury, accompanied
by Expert Horace D. Dunn, were there to
establish by facts and figures that the As
sessor, according to the system of valua
tion which he applied generally to the
assessment of personal property^ bonds,
stocks and franchises, had not been ap
plied to the Market-street Railroad Com
pany, the light corporations and the
Spring Valley Water Works. The Grand
Jury was there to show that the under
valuation, as respects these corporations,
amounted to $11,000,000. On one side of
the room sat Jurors McLennan, Payne,
Butler, Mcßean, O'Farrell and Cheever.
On the other side were Messrs. Biebe and
Herzer of the Assessor's office, and Mr.
Arnold, a member of the State Board of
Equalization from Los Angeles.
The assessment of the San Francisco
Gas Light Company was one of ihe first
items considered. As the undervaluation
in this is only $254,000, the line of action
was not uncovered by the jury. Mr. Payne
explained that the bonds and stocks were
considered by the Grand Jury as a means
of ascertaining value, or the worth of prop
erty in excess of the value of real estate.
When the assessment of the Bprir.g
Valley Water Works was reached a revela
tion came. John A. Russell read the
Grand Jury figures as compiled by Expert
Dunn, closing with the calculation tnat
the undervaluation was $4,434,000. Then
followed the ordinary questions about the
assessment of the property in counties
other than San Francisco. Some of tbese
stock questions are familiar to ex-Super
visors and ex-Assessorß as well as to offi
cers now in power. The Grand Jury con
tended that the corporation valued its
property at $23,065,750, and of this prop
erty $17,500,000 was in San Francisco.
Mr. O'Farrell of the Grand Jury asked
the Assessor bow much the company had
been assessed for real estate in San Fran
cisco.
Assessor Siebe replied $1,200,000.
DOMESTICS.
£VEEY ITEM A LEADER TO SOME
MECCA OF BARGAINS.
Reduced from ttVic. Tc
APRON blue and brown checks tfc
UINUHAMS. clearance sale down to Yard
16x35 inches, fringed,
good absorbers, clear-
CHECK ance sale reduces QIC
TOWfiLS. them from 12Vic O3
down t0.... Each
I Ueduced from 12 Vie
IMiI.K.VCU I 1% yards wide and QIC
ED I good quality, clearance . O3
SHEETING, sale , Yard
Reduced from BV3 c i
black gronnd with red EC
CALICO. figures, clearance O
price down to Yard
Reduced from 12 Vic,
DICK 28 inch, light colors, . f\lC
SUITING. it's the time for duck V>4
suits now .......... Yard
Reduced from 12% c,
DRESS colored stripes, dots (\'- iC
LAWNS. on linen grounds, to O4
: . . close Yard
An extra good qual-
CKEABI ity. 56 inches wide, an QRC
DAMASK. inducement for house- . *-«J
wives Yard
Also Figured SHko-
TINSELED lines, all reduced from 1 AC
DRAPERY. 12 Vie and 15c, clear- i-V
I ance price Yard
Reduced from $1 25,
COM- large size and good QP^C
FUKTERS. grade cotton filling, a OO
warmer vi............. Each
Marseilles pattern, re-
BED- duced from -91, large Tf^C
SPREADS.' size, a big spread of * O
bedspreads, this one.. Each
I Six different pat:-
t'ASTEL- In solid black, crepe "I OIC
LANK I effects, 31 inch, clear- IZI2
CLOTH. "I ance sale price ........ Yard
Reduced from 50e,
plain and open work-
DAMASK ed borders, fine
TOWELS, / I quality, knot fringe, OOC
I clearance price down OO
I to Each
Cream ground and
E'M'B'D. worked in silk, a yard CAC
FLANNJSLS. wide, a big flannel O\J
j affair this week, price. Yard
Nottingham patterns, I
81/2 yds by 56 inches, |
LACE white and ecru, re- 1 <& "I .1 o
CDKXAINS. duced from *1 40, <JpJ
price to close I Fair
Expert Dunn said the real estate assess
ment was $856,000.
The Supervisors were about to treat the
Grand Jury figures as worse than useless
when Mr. Dunn challenged the correct
ness of the Assessor's statement to the
jury.
The Supervisors were inclined to insist
that the Assessor knew, and one of the
members of the board could hardly re
strain nis glee at what he supposed was
the utter discomfiture of the meddlesome
Grand Jury.
Assessor Siebe insisted that $400,000 :
more of real estate had been assessed to
the company than the Grand Jury figures
represented.
One of the jurors asked: "When was
this assessment made?"
Supervisor Taylor (chairman) said : "It
is the record of the Assessor's books.'
Mr. Dunn replied : "1 beg your pardon ; I
it is not the record, or the record has been |
changed «ince the roll was turned over. I I
have tak«r. from the index-book of real !
estate all entries of assessments of this ■
corporation. I have the list of each piece j
of property here with me now. I made it j
after the books were turned over to the
board, and if any additions nave since
been made I have no knowledge of the
change."
Mr. Dunn was about to give his ex
planation of tbe transaction when the Su
pervisors discovered that time was very
precious; that the board must hear other
parties at 11 o'clock.
It nas explained after the session of the j
board that the Assessor had taken six ,
pieces of real estate in which the water
company owned a fractional interest and
credited the company with the entire
ownership. The total value of these six ,
pieces of real estate is $579,350, of which ,
the undivided interest of Spring Valley
is $164,000. Being a co-owner, tbe Assessor
crediis Spring Valley with $400,000 and
L-oes to the Supervisors and leads them to
believe that the assessment is $400,000 I
larger than it actually is.
The Grand Jury simply takes this view ]
of it: "If the Supervisors want to be de
! ceived the juggling is at hand to deceive
them."
The Spring Valley case, interesting as it
was in the introduction of peculiar meth
ods, was not a marker to the Central Gas
Light Company incident.
"Central Gaslight Company, deficiency
$908,535," read Mr. Russell.
Assessor Siebe — Not in existence. As
sessed to Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany.
The delegates from tne Grand Jury pro
\ reeded to snow that the Central Gaslight
i Company had 20,000 shares of stock in
March last, valued then at $95 a Bhare, or
$1,900,000.
Mr. Dunn said the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company makes no statement that !
it has any leased property whatever. On I
its own proper assessment there is an un- I
devaluation of $169,577. Nothing of the j
Central is included in its statement
'•Bring the gas people here." said Mr.
Siebe.
"Ob, it is 11 o'clock now," said one of
the Supervisors. "We will take this
under advisement and uive it lair consid
eration."
The Grand Jurors were inclined to in
sist taat the stock of tbe Central Gaslight
Company, which was worth $1,900,000 last
| March, should be assessed.
The Assessor contended that it was in
cluded in the assessment of the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company.
Mr. Dunn— The Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company pays only on its own prop
erty.
Mr. Herzer— We simply say that it has
not been omitted, but is assessed to the
Pacific Gas Improvement Company.
Mr. O'Farrell, whose ability to reach the
true inwardness of complicated transac
tions is known, asked some "foundation"
questions, but Mr. Siebe replied, "Send
for the gas company."
The situation became so embarrassing
that the Supervisors studied the clock with
eager interest.
Mr. McLennan said the Grand Jury had
not Included the Central Gaslight Comp
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1596.
ISP ■ KRAKER STOCK fk.
There is practically no limit to the selections. gjL^
There is practically no limit to the selections. *i*^SK^
'lln?y^ Plain standard goods and elegancies undreamed of fc/l y<y
J^_Z<^? at present prices. rriNs 3sjf?i
INFANTS^ WEAR!
CHILDREN'S SUNBONNETS— Made of
white cambric, small check gingham, "I CC
pink and blue check calico, worth 25c, X O
saleprice '..... Each
CHILDREN'S 50c SUNBONNETS—
White and figured lawns, all em- Of^O
broidery trimmed edge; they should £>O
should be 50c, sale price, Each
CHILDREN'S 76c SUNBONNETS—
Made of fine white colored lawn,
tucked and ' embroidery-trimmed
crowns, deep ruffle in front— just the 9QC
thing for summer. Cold type can't OO
talk of such daintiness. Sale price... Each
INFANTS' LONG COATS, made of tan
and cream colored cashmere, scal-
loped and embroidered . cape, largo I^S^
full sleeves, the regular fl 60 kind: I O
sale price Each
REGULAR $3 INFANTS' LONG
COATS, tan or cream colored cash-
mere, daintily trimmed with ribbon,
■ the cape is scalloped and embroidery <£» 1 .5O
trimmed, dear little comforts at, one-tlDi
halt value; sale price Each
INFANTS' LONG COATS, regular prices
S3 50. (4 and 95 each, line white cash-
mere, scalloped and embroidered cape
and bottom, embroidery ruffle over ...
' . shoulder, an aristocratic little affair
and as dainty and elaborate as »C»0.50
mother can make; sale prices $-,<3p^
$2 25 and . Each
INFANTS' SHORT COaT.S, made of
cream and tan ■ colored cashmere,
lengths 22.-24 and 26 Inches, big ■
sleeves and embroidered cape and&l.OO
bottom. Worth $160 at a sale, our«Jpl —
sale price :... .V..': Each
INFANTS' 23 SHORT COATS, made of
cream and tan cashmere, scalloped <n* I .25
embroidery cape and bottom, J'ullOJ
sleeves, pretty as can be Hale price.. Each
INFANTS' SHORT COATS, double cape.
mane of brown check cloth, stitched C*~\ .50
with colored silk, full sleeves, were«Jp 1 —
$250 each.' Sale price Each
The New and Seasonable Stock of the KRAKER MANUFACTURING COM-
PANY Goes on Sale TO-MORROW at SACRIFICE PRICES.
any with the Pacific Gas Improvement
Company.
The dispute was unsettled when the
chairman of the Supervisors called '•Time."
A disinterested referee moved to award
the contest to the Grand Jury. It will re
quire a deal of clever juggling to convince
the jury's expert that the $1,900,000 of
stock of the Central Gaslight Company
has not eluded enrollment.
In the next contest between the Grand
Jury's expert and Assessor Siebe the latter
was outclassed and Herzer had to come to
his relief. The clash began over the Mar
ket-street Railway assessment.
Theodore Payne, with his easy courtesy,
said to the chairman: "We see no assess
ment of cars. Here is a memorandum of
800."
Mr. Siebe — We assess so much per mile j
for the road and that includes rolling- I
stock.
Mr. McLennan — Last year you assessed
cars, but it does not appear so this year.
Mr. Dunn — Why did you assess the Pre
sidio and Ferries road and the Suiro road
for rolling-stock?
Assessor Siebe — We did not.
Mr. Dunn — Now, I can show that you
did.
Assessor Siebe — No, we did not.
Mr. Herzer — Mr. Dunn may be right.
Tnere was an error in these two cases. We
did assess the rolling stock.
Nothing more could be said on that
point. The Grand Jury contended that
the deficiency in the assessment of the
Market-street road was $4,255,000.
Among other deficiencies called in regu
lar order and passed over without pro
longed discussion were assessments of the
Edison Light Company, and Geary, Sut
ter and California street railroad com
panies.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the Grand Jury
Committee, through Secretary McLennan,
thanked the Supervisors for courtesy, and
so the joint session ended.
HEAR MANY PROTESTS.
Supervisors Sit Continuously for
Over Six Hours Listening: to Ap
plications for Reductions.
After the Grand Jury had filed out of
the room the matter of ihe assessment of
the MarKet-street Railway Company came
up for consideration. A. J. Clunie was
present to ask that the assessment be
raised from some $5,000,000 to $18,700,000,
and on the other hand E. Black Ryan and
H. H. Lynch appeared for the company to
ask a reduction to sometning leas than
$2,000,000. Clunie bad subpenaedthe fol
lowing witnesses, but they failed to answer
their names yesterday: Thomas Brown,
H. £. Hnntington, W. T. Adams and
George T. Folsom. Clunie was willing to
proceed, however, so at his request Asses
sor Siebe was called and sworn.
In answer to Clunie's question Siebe
stated that the Market-street Company
controlled the entire street railway system
of this City with the exception of a few
companies, including the Sutter, Cali
fornia, Sutro, Union and San Mateo lines.
The capital stock of the company consisted
of 187/iOO shares of stock, whose par value
was $100 a share, but which were selling at
about $44 a share on the first Monday in
March. At this rate the market value of
the capital stock would have been about
$8,000,000.
In getting at the value of the company's
franchise Siebe had deducted from the
capital stock the value of the personal
property and took 50 per cent of the re
mainder as the value of the franchise.
Siebe didn't know just why he had taken
one half the amount — he admitted having
known that in various cases the Supreme
Court of the State had approved the
method of taking the capital stock minus
the personal property as the value of the
franchise.
fciebe knew that at the time he made the
assessment the company was paying divi
dends on $18,700,000 capital stock. He
also knew that one of the directors of the
INFANTS^ WEAR!
ISF n A D J i TS ' SHORT CAMBRIC
.im£.kSES, embroidery trimmed yoke . O£C
and full sleeves, sizes 1, X and 3, ZO
Kraker regular 50c kind: sale price.. Each
INFANTS' CALICO DRESSES, cape ef-
fect over shoulder, lace trimmed and
big sleeves; you will pay 50c, but we OOC
purchased at 60c on the dollar; our Zt7
sale price Each
INFANTS' DIMITY DRESSES, all
small neat patterns, double ruffle over
shoulder, large sleeves and Valen-
ciennes lace trimmed; as quaint as '7KC
quaint can be and just V* what they I O
were made to sell for '... Each
INFANTS' SHORT SKIRTS, plain white
cambric, 6 tucks, with a deep hem- nrc
stitched bottom. They were 50c less •<£•.)
than the cambric cost at our sale price. Each
INFANTS' LONG DRESSES, fine cam-
bric, embroidery trimmed neck and Q?;C
yoke, large sleeves. A dainty little at- OO
fair and cheap at 76c. Our saleprice. . Each
INFANTS' LONG WHIT K, SOFT-FIN-
ISHED ■ LAWN DRESSES, neat as
pins, embroidered trimmed yoke, CAC
cuffs and bottom. Should be *1. O\J
Oursale price ;• Each
INFANTS' LONG WHITE DRESSES-
Made of soft finished lawn, drawn
work and embroidery trimmed. Pic- ffrc
tare this at $1 50, and it's classified; I O
our sale price. : Each
BOYS' FAUNTLEROY WAI 8 T S—
White lawn; big striped collar, cuffs OXC
and ruffled front; sizes 3to Byeais. — O
Regular 60c; oursale price. Each
BOYS' WHITE ■ LAWN FAUNTLE-
ROY WAISTS— i-ancy collar, cuffs
and front; severe.) styles: sizes 8 to 8
years: regular 75c; our Waist' offer- QQC
iiusare especially good; see our lines; OO
the price of this 15...... Each
company bad declared that the road was
worth several millions more than the
capital stock at that time.
When Clunie had finished hie examina
tion of Assessor Siebe E. Black Ryan
spoke in behalf of the railroad. To sup
port bis contention that the railroad's as
sessment should be reduced to $1,032,000
be called H. H. Lynch, the superintendent
of construction of the Market-street Com
pany, and questioned him as to the cost of
construction of the various roads in the
City.
Lynch had constructed twenty miles of
the cable roads and all of the electric roads
ot the company. The Market-street sys
tem proper had been originally constructed
at a cost of about $150,000 per mile, aggre
gating $3,873,000. The roads were not con
structed economically, Lynch declared, j
and could be easily duplicated now for
$40,000 a mile, a total of $1,032,000. The
Ferries and Cliff House line, originally i
cost?nc $1,567,000. could now be built lor
$<JyS,OOO. The Omnibus Cable system,
which bad cost $2,175,000, could be put in
operation now for $345,000.
The company also expends a great deal I
of money on street work, Mr. Lynch de- j
clared. On many of the thoroughfares i
that its cars run on the company has to
keep half the street in repair. About
seventy-five men are thus employed by
the company all the time and often more.
In fact, very often the company had more
men busy on street work than the City
had.
In building roads the company often ;
had to raise the level of streets, and this !
was quite en item of expense, in fact, this j
often amounted to nearly as much as all :
the rest of the expenses ot construction.
Whi.e it was true that bonds of $7,000,000 '
had originally been issued, nevertheless,
the whole syytem could be constructed
now for $2,000,000. Money had been
wasted in every direction, Lynch affirmed,
in the original construction. For instance,
they now bought cement for $1 10 per bar
rel which they had then paid $4 and $5 a
barrel for.
In regard to the value of the stock,
Lynch knew that as a matter of fact there
was little sale for it and that the high
market value assigned it was bused upon
the sale of only a lew shares. At the con
clusion of Superintendent Lynch's testi
mony the board adjourned until 1 o'clock.
At the opening of the afternoon session
the application of the Spring Valley Water
Works for a reduction from $3,549,265 to
$2,549,265 was heard. The reduction wa3
asked on the item of franchise which had
been assessed at $2,500,000. According to
the sworn statement of William Brooks,
the company's ae«nt, the franchise was
worth only $1,500,000, at which it had been
previously rated by the Supervisors in fix
lag water rates for the present year. The
matter was taken under advisement.
James E. Green appeared in behalf of
the Edison Electric Light and Power Com
pany to ask a reduction from $700,000 to
$250,000. The company was assessed at
$250,000 last year and the Assessor made a
raise of $450,000 on account of the appre
ciation in the value of the stock. The mat
ter was taken under advisement.
Edward Owens appeared to ask a reduc
tion in the assessment of tne property of
the Fair estate. The following reductions
were asked on the various lots of land de
scribed below:
Twenty-seven pieces of property, consti
tuting the Fuir seawall property, from
$121,500 to $89,150. Denied.
Twenty-one pieces of property in the
business portion of trie City, from $1,290,
--180 to $1,114,950. Denied.
Three Western Addition lots, from
$24,310 to $21,420. Denied.
J. B. Crockett of the San Francisco Gas
Light Company urged that, in view of the
depreciation of real estate values in this
City and the fact that the gas company
hud voluntarily reduced its rates from
$2 to $175, the assessment of the real
estate of the company should be reduced
from $618,270 to $371,000, and on the im
provements from $1,883,700 to $1,00u,00e-
The board took the matter undor advisO.
ment.
The application of H. M. Wolley for a
reduction of the assessment on eleven
LADIES'_ WEAR.
LADIES' PERCALE WAIST, laundered
collar and cuffs, large full sleeves, full
back and front, neat patterns in differ- OQC
cut shades, sizes 32 to 40, the 50c «-t/
kiud, sale price. Kach
LADIES' GRASS CLOTH OR SOFT-
FINISHED PKIMALK WAISTS, in
plain or striped effects of tan, bine or
j.iuk, larce sleeves, full backand front, TT^C
K raker maae these to sell at $1 25, I O
sale price Each
LADIES' SOFT FINISHED BLOTJSS
WAISTS, a large ruffled edge, sailor QRC
collar, lace trimmed cuff*, Kraker Ot)
made these for 76c, our sale price. ... Kach
LADIES' SOFT FINISHED BLOUSE
WAISTS, all dark colors in fancy
stripes, maae in the very latest style,
exira large sleoves, full bark and '7f%C
front, Kraker made these for *1 5 J, i O
oursale price Each
I CHILDREN'S MUSLIN DRAWKKS,
heavy muslin, tucked and em- "I QC
broidery trimmed, X raker made these X O
to sell at 35c, sale price Each
LADIES' MlsLlN DRAWERS, made
of cood heavy muslin, tucked and 2- OQC
inch embroidery trimmed, Kraker
made these for 40c, sale price Pair
LADIES' MUSLIN CIIEMISK, fine
muslin, square neck, deep-embroidery Afl*-
trimmed. Kraker made these to sell "V/
at 75c, sale price Each
LADIES' RI'.GULaR 75c MUSLIN
OOWHB, r.iffl.'d embroidery trimmed
collar and cuffs. Kraker made tnese AQ^
to retail at 75c or more, Kraker sale
price Each
LADIES' REGULAR $125 MUSLIN
GOWNS, an elaborate affair, princess fiQC
shape, embroidery-trimmed yoke, col- \Jtf
lar and cuffs, oar Kraker sale price . . . Eacb
pieces of property belonging to the Ho
bart estate from $36,340 to $20,250 was de
nied. An application by the same person
for reduction in the assessment .of nine
teen pieces of property belonging to Al;
vinza Hayward from $87,700 to $61,300 was
also denied.
Joseph Rice appeared on behalf of M. H.
de Young for a reduction on thirty-eight
pieces of property from $161,740 to $102,
--590. Denied.
The ex-director-general succeeded, how
ever, in obtaining a reduction from $323,
--546 to $299,040 on his personal property, be
ing 50 cent of the reduction asked for.
The- following is a complete list of the
other reductions on real estate or improve
ments made by the board :
L. Geiseberger, $200 to nothing; Rebecca
Rudee, $3000 to $2500; Fred Uordman, $3750
to $3000; Patrick Holland, $1000 to $900;
Mary A. Dougherty, $1800 to $1500; Emma J.
Lowell. $1000 to $800 ; Bridget Young, $6800
to 96000; George Heyl, $2750 to $2250; Anto
nio Devoto. $170 to $250; A. Mark-. $3500 to
$2750; Sidonia Mahl. $4300 to $3750: John
Shirley, $17,000 to $15,600; Cornelius Lynch,
$2000 to $1750; Mary E. McGee, $700 to $500;
Peter Clark, $700 to $500: Mary E. Brown.
$1400 to $1000; Ottilia Man. $14,500 to $12,
--500; August M. Cayot, $1000 to $800; .Annie '
P. McCann, $1850 to $1260; Eliza Weis
man, $1800 to $1250; A. 11. Baldwin, $275,
--000 to $250,000; M. Chandler. $3000 to $2500 ;
Mrs. K. Übhams, $1500 to $1200; H. Dederky, j
$5000 to $4500; Anna M. Crosby, $600 to |
$400; G. Johnson, $3150 to $2700; Catherine
Erzgraber, $6000 to $5000; E. D. Sawyer,
$(5300 to $00; J. G. Wittmeier. $4200 to
$3000; B. Lasalle. $5500 to $5000; 11. Len- I
thai, $250 to nothing: J. M. Dupas, $9050 to !
$7500; Catherine Trusscau, $3100 to $2500;
Autoine Buchignani, $3650 to $3250; A. Mac- i
donnel, $1000 to $750; John Pforr, $3200 to
$2500; Oliver Madson, $2SOO to $2500; Frank
Happersbereer, $20,200 to $17,500; H. and J. ;
Joost, $6850 t0. 55750; George T. - Pmiltney, |
$1950 to $1500; James Fitzgerald, $4200 to i
$3750; William Dergan, $1400 to $1200; E. i
It. Baugge, $1500 to $1250; T. McCarty,
$2500 to $2250; D. R. Meacham, $400 I
to $200; B. '■ Martlnnsan, $930 to $750;
William. Mullowney, $1250 to $1000; Mary
McCormack, $3500 to $3000; William Miller,
$2000 to $1500; Thomas Knight, $14,300 to
$12,300; Amelia Newhouse, $2050 to $1750; |
Yee Sas Kerai, $3100 to $2750; Robert Wat
son et a 1.,,53500 to $3000; W. . W. Belshaw, j
$3400 to nothing ; R. c. de Boom, $14,000 , to
$1000; G. K. Bacon, $14,750 to $12,500; A. S. !
all, $2500 to : $2250; William Monaghan, '
$1000 to $750; H. W. Smith, $3000 to $2500;
J. B. and L. . B. Joseph, $23,000 to $18,000;
Isaac Rudee. $1200 to $1000; Mrs. M. Evans,
$2000 to $1500; James Gilchrist, $2000 to
$1800; Rose A. Pritchard. $3000 to $2750;
George T. Mary Jr., $190,000. t0 $175,000;
Mary Craig, $2500 to $2250; L. C. Cole
man. $5600 to $4500; Julia E. Bush, !
$1250 to $1000; L. and I. Cahen, $4000 to
$3000; D. Costello, $1800 to $1500; Mary
Kennedy, $3500 to $3000; > James Mc-
Closkey, $1650 to $1250 A. C. Stod
dart, $5400 to $5000; : Margaret Newell,
$1500 to $1250; F. T. Koch, $1000 to $800;
Susan M. Morrill, $2000 to $1750; Eugene
Robinet, $2750 to $2250; C. L. Schdemaker,
95000 to $4500; John F. Lindow, $3600 to
$3150; . Abbio L. Soule, $2500 to $1750 : P.
Murtha, $700 to $550; Arthur Freiiiug, $3500
to $3000; A. J. Kieinaupt, $3750 to $3400;
John I»ohertv. $3250 to $2750; Jeannette
Bernstein; $2500 to $2250; P. J. Fitzsimmons,
$5150 to $4250; Efflo A. Berlin, $2500 to
$2000; R. S. R. de la Hautiere, $3000 to
«£2000; D. E. Melliss,sllso to $900; Antoine
Borel, Swiss Consul, - exempt; E. E. Harris, !
$4200 to $3750; M. F. Fragley, $1500 to j
$1250; Albert Jacobs, $1750 to $1250; Martin I
H. t Mohrdick, $5500 to $5000 ; C. J. Behlow, I
$4000 to $3250 ; : Sarah G. Grabill. $1000 to i
$750 ; :. Albert Jacobs $1500 to $1000 ; Mary I
Sin vl n, < $4500 to $4000; L. J. O'Farrell, I
$19,900 to ■ $15,150; .Isabella R. Kinsey,
$10,200 .to $9000 ; Sarah X. Morris, $2750 to
$2250; PaulineGrodzinsky, $2250 to $1000;
Elizabeth Martin, $750 to $700.
. At 7:30 o'clock, after a continuous sitting '
of six and a half hours, the board ad
journed until Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
We have framed up a lot of etchings and
photographs in new green, Japanese gray .; and
English 'oak.'V They are low in price, but very
stylish, and good enougn for any parlor. San- j
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
Minetti Retires.
Uiullo Minetti, who has tx.en first violinisi in
the Tivoli orchestra for a long time, retires
from that orzanizaaion Sunday night. Mr.
Minetti will begin a series of concerts early in
September.
Tee King ol Pul's is Beecham's-BKKCHAM's.
NOTIONS.
THIS DEPART3IEST FAIRLY BUB-
BLES OVER WITH BRIGHT NEW
GOODS AT CLEARING PRICES.
Morale Linen— Fring- QQC
BUREAU eda n d stamped. — O
SCAKFS. Plenty of patterns... Each
■ For Ladles — Swiss
and Silk, plain and 38c .
SHIRT  fancy-pleated, trim- , 500
FRONTS. mcd with narrow 75c
Valenciennes Lace— . and
Kraker price 75c to 91. 00
. $1 60. Our price... Each
Heavy Taffeta Silk—
SILK Gauntlet style for bi- lOC
MITTS. • cycles.in black only, J —
'•- ■ • - ' ■ value 26c. Our price Each
Momie Linen— Knot-]
TKAT ted fringe, stamped IQC
CLOTHS. patterns, size 18x28 1 0
inches. halejprice.. Each
10 yards in a roll
S HELF ■ Lace effect edge, for A C
I'APi-JK, pantry shelves. Sale tt
- price ■■.. Roll
Cross-cut Roll Toilet] AC
TOILET . Paper— A great offer rt
PAPER. for clearance sale... | Koll
Hale's Special Brand
NOTE Paper and Envel- 1 AC
PAPER. opes in fancy boxes. -1"
• worth 25c,clearance • Box
One inch thfeic size .iC
I PENCIL 9x6; these are very a:
! TABLETS. special. Tablet
I
Fancy Embroidered
; CHILDREN' S Trimmed Collars,
COLLARS. Kraker made to sell IXC
at 60c and 7 6c each, X O .
sale prices 25c and.. Each
MUSLIN PILLOW SHAMS, tucks
with plain and embroidered ruffles,
good size, Kraker made them to sell at f» CC
$1 to $2 60, our prices $1 26, SI, v)O
76c and Each
LADIES' FANCY SAILOR COLLARS,
made of Swiss and embroidery E.n c
trimmed. Kraker made them to sell O\J
at 76c to 50, our price Each
HALE BROS., M
; Incorporated,
987-945 m«/i*l3Lot " - Street vf
IS HERE TO BUY MINES,
An Ohio Syndicate Secretly Ex
amining the Mother
Lode.
Invested Over $60,000 in San An
dreas and Now Hunting for
Other Good Things.
The agents of an Ohio syndicate are here
looking for investments along the mother
lode. For some little time they have been
quietly at work, and already they have in
vested between $60,000 and $70,000 in one
property in Calaveras County.
Professor P. L. Hobbs of the department
of chemistry in the Western Reserve
University at Cleveland, Ohio, is at the
head of the party sent here to look over
the ground. .
"From time to time during the last two
years," said Professor Hobbs yesterday
at the Grand, "this syndicate has had men
out here looking round for mines, but they
have not been able to find anything that
just suited.
"The truth is wherever there is a good
property it is beld too aigh. There has
beer, so much trickery in trying to work
off poor properties that California mines
for a long time have had a black eye in
the East. Now it has come to be a busi
ness proposition for intending investors to
find out quietly for themselves just what
is here before they say anything of their
intentions.
"I have been in the State since May, but
1 have been here rather on the quiet. We
have bought a pretty strong property in
San Andreas. It is a question whether
we will buy any more. I am going back
to Calaveras County to-day, however, and
I shall continue my investigations until
September.
"The syndicate that I am here for is
composed entirely of Ohio men, and they
all have considerable wealth.
"Western Reserve University was
founded a little over fifty years ago on
\vhut was then known as the Western
Reserve. It is a university in all the
senses of the word, for it embraces
academic and professional colleges. There
are 450 students and about 180 teachers in
the various departments. Dr. C. F.
Phwing is the president of the uni
versity."
THE SUPREME COURT.
A Decision Affecting Sheriffs' Liabil
ities—Damages Sustained.
The judgment and order of the Superior
Court in the case of James Daly, an infant,
by John Daly, his guardian, against Adolph
F. Hinz, has been affirmed by the Supreme
Court. It was an action to recover per
sonal damages caused by Hinz running
over the child, who was playing in the
public street. The jury in the Superior
Court awarded the plaintiff a verdict for
$1000 and the case was appealed on the
ground of contributory neglect on the part
of the boy'B parents in permitting him to
play in the streets.
A" decision has been handed down by
the Supreme Court in the case of George
H.- Fuller Desk Company against ex-
Sheriff John J. McDade. The plaintiff al
leged in its complaint that on May 25,
1893, it was ana now is the owner of cer
tain goods valued at $1132 at that date in
the possession of the Carnall-Hopkins
Company, which company's property was
levied upon by the Sheriff by virtue of a
writ of attachment. The plaintiff notified
the Sheriff that the property in question
belonged to the desk company and de
manded its restoration. By reason of the
wrongful conversion of the goods the desk
DUCK SUITS. H
ll -■--■: M
ALL FROM THE ERAKER STOCK. . j
IT'S THE TIME NOW FOB DUCK i I
SUITS. ' ]
We will sell 50 DUCK SUITS in If
swell blazer effects of blues, tans •; • ' {
and drab mixtures, Kraker made . L
these to sell at $1 75 each, we 1 .O0 f J
have sizes 32 'to 40; on special «Jpi- I I
5a1e........;......... Each ; J
— — .., ■"; ■ l< i
I I
47 DUCK SUITS that Kraker if
made to sell at $2 00, the popu- j I
lar blazer jacket, full skirt, tans, CJ* "1 .45 , f I
blues and polka dots, sizes 32 totjp J. '. ||
'40, come early for size; price .. Each • J
a
Kraker made about 50 DUCK \ if
SUITS to sell at $3, all were new |
J: blazer effects in nan, tan and "I .75 t
black, sizes 32 to 40; we make atlP-L — — ■ 1
special price 0f..... Each 5
37 DUCK SUITS that Kraker made ", 1
to sell for $3 60, In blazer and 0. 25 'a a
box effects, sizes 34 to 38; our«Jp^ T
special price....................'.. Each .
WE HAVE ABOUT 50 DUCK . J
SUITS in tan and blue mixtures . • !
that Kraker made to retail at "1.2 5 .- , 1
$2 00, the very latest cuts. OurJJpJ- — !
special price Each' ' I
liADIES' LIGHT TAN CAPES. J
These are trimmed with fancy . ' 1
braid and small pearl buttons, (JJ» C.SO {
U0 inches long, new styles. Be-«u)U . i
duced from $8 00. Our price... Each I
-■*■?.""■-* v . . - ■ 1
LADIES' BLACKCAPEB. the best i
of broadcloth,  handsomely , ' ' J
braided, lop cape, 21 inches Q. 50 - I
long, marked down from $4 50.<JpO j 1
A cape chance at , Each 1
TAN JANETS, % silk lined, - : I
velvet collar, ripple back, 4 K. OO ' I
large pearl buttons, was $10. rip c) I
Only a few to close at..... Each 9
11 ' 1
company claimed to have been damaged
in the sum of $1200. The defendant ap
pealed from the judgment entered in a
verdict in the plaintiff's favor for the sum
of $1132. The judgment was affirmed.
The case of Edward Kenny and others
against Joseph P. Kelly and others was
an action to enforce an assessment
against lots of land for work done in the
improvement of D street and Twenty
fourth avenue in this City. The lower
court held that the property-owner was
doubly assessed, and tbe decision was yes
terday affirmed by the Superior Court.
Volunteer Salvationists.
Those wishing to know something of the Vol
unteers of America, Commander Ballington
Booth's new movement, will have an oppor
tunity to-night (Bunday) at Mozart Hall, 1358
Market street, where Major Blackhurst will or
ganize the first San Francisco post. The San
Jose post and band will assist, also the officers
and part of Stockton post are expected. The
volunteers and their purpose will De the sub
ject on which Major Blackhurst will speak Mon
day evening in Howard Methodist Episcopal
Church, near Third street.
To Foreclose a Mortgage.
John J. O'Farrell, the real estate broker, has
brought suit against Willard H. Seaton et al
to foreclose a mortgage on real estate in the
Hardy tract in Berkeley. The money involved
is $1708 47.
Every man should read the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 9 of this paper.
mew to-day:
Will StandJEvery Test.
' Manufactured by a concern
of over 30 years' standing and
6 years of . bicycle manufacture.
Smartest! .:. Swiftest!
Strongest!.
But you can't know all its merits
until you see it or send for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL &STETBOJ, ;
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market Sc Keale Sts., 233 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. BACBAMENTO.
TO LEASE.
I MARKET-ST. STORE
-ADJOINING THE MAZE,
Nos. 1150 and 1152.
Favorable terms to the right parties.
AIjSO-
ENTIRE FIRST FLOOR
15 rooms, suitable for offices or
lodging*,
NO. 1148 MARKKT ST. (sunny side). .
Apply to— ■ ' -■. •■- ■ -.-.. : •.' ■ '.• . ■
G. A. BERTON,
3*3 Montgomery St.
: •:.--■ .-■ "■ - .